Williams Forcibly Ejected.
Notwithstanding his suspension; by. the
Mayor, Williams went to the office of the
Justices' Clerk early yesterday morning
with a writ of review in his pocket. Soon
after his^ arrival Fredrick appeared,-' and
at his elbow was Captain of Police John
Spillane with a squad of police with in
structions to maintain Fredrick in posses
sion at every hazard. Williams was ac
companied by Attorney Riordan and both
insisted upon Williams' right to hold the
office. Fredrick ignored his predecessor
and turned to Captain Spillane, who a
moment later ordered Williams to leave
the office. This the latter declined to do,
whereupon the officer, deliberately forced
him out of the place. Eight officers were
sent for. and on their arrival the remain
ing clerks, Messrs. McComb, Prendergast
and Wardell, were ejected summarily.'
The . clerks made no spirited . resistance,' 1
the advice of Attorney- Riordan being to
The excitement was not altogether con
fined to the proceedings at the new City
Hall. At noon, when it was . plain- that
Fredrick would ' not yield possession of
the office to which he was' appointed, by
Mayor Schmltz, Williams' attorneys
caused .a citation to be Issued to appear
before Judge . Cook ' and show cause why
be should not be punished for contempt
in refusing to obey the order of the court.
The citation was made returnable before
Judge Cook at 4 o'clock, when the regu
larity of the proceedings were' argued pro
and con by Attorney Abe Ruef for Fred
rick, and a reply made thereto by Attor
ney Riordan for Williams. No conclu
sion was reached before adjournment and
the matter went over for decision "this
afternoon.
recognize a writ of certiorarl
Issued by Judge Cook In Williams' behalf,
the presentation of which resulted in Wtf
liams' forcible ejectment from his former
office, contributed to making the day one
of unusual interest to the officials at the
City Hall yesterday.
THE suspension of E. W. Wil-f
Hams as clerk of the Justices'
Court, the appointment of Pow
el Fredrick as his successor
. and the refusal of the latter to
Force Employed
in Justices
Office.
Continued on Page Two:
Continued on Page - Two.*
Continued on' Page Two. <
The Lautaro was seized by the late Co
lombian general. Carlos A'.ban. and sunk
by the Colombian Liberals during the
naval engagement of last Monday in the
haxber of Panama.
families are prominent here. Mrs. Gaunt
had been separated from her husband fcx
McMINNVILLE. Or., . Jan. ZL-Twd
young women. Miss Nannie Ungennan
and Mrs. OUie Gaunt, are dead at the
home of the latter here from arsenic poi
soning, administered by their own hands.
Miss Urigerman was employed at the
central telephone office last night and her
friend. Mrs. Gaunt, waa staying with her.
At 9:30 o'clock 211ss Ungennan telephoned
to a doctor that Miss Gaunt was Hick.
When the doctor came they admitted hav
ing taken poison. Restoratives were ad
ministered, but it was too late. Miss Un
german died at 2 o'clock this afternoon
and Mrs. Gaunt at 5 o'clock.
' Both women had good homes and their
Pie Together.
Oregon Telephone Girl and a Friend
YOUNG WOMEN TAKE POISON.
--'"I 'suppose you know*, that -the Superior.
Court • has issued an Injunction Vin this
matter?" . ;. ' " . *;
- "We do. not care for-, that," replied
Keane. Then turning toT Captain Spillane,
who by that time had been reinforced by
eight police officers,, Keane said: ' . , .:
"Captain, I'.am- directed by the Mayor
to - instruct- you . to .- remove •". forcibly" Mr. :
Williams : and his clerks" unless i theyj'go
peaceably. Powel; Fredrick '.is * in ; charge
of^this office and onlj\ those- whom', he
designates -. will ! be ' permitted j to "remain.".
' "Captairi,"-said : the .irrepressible" 'Rior-'
dan,; "tlie Superior .Court 'ha^sVfestralned
the ; Mayor, f rom : interfering '.? with •Clerk-
Williams and" whoever disobeys that "¦writ
is' liable i for, contempt ' of ' court." 1 '¦¦ -". ¦ ( ¦ '
- Without ¦ paying \ any • to; Rlor-'
dan'a \ remark -Captain '*Sptllane;'aud i hii
Attorney^ -Riordan, ; who :. had spent 1 a
strenuous night, darted. In" from the rec
ord-room and said: '••'¦¦ -V -. ".
j Mayor; Schmltz -.waved:: the -. writ' aside
when | he j had glanced^ over ; its • contents
and ! said ; thaf'lt - did • not'.' concern - him as
he" had- already, taken action. "The^Mayor
retired 'with his secretary tain legal
advice.'- ; Spillane » ; and '¦ two I police'
officers were in the ' office, ¦ but- cook no
part in -the proceedings, no
need ¦ at the time for their . services." ¦ :In
about an hour the Mayor's'secretary ap
peared arid informed Williams: that , if tie
did not vacate ' he would 'be ejected? by.
force. '¦;.-..-' ,-/-;": '¦:¦ i'P *^Vv.-M-'--' "¦¦'¦ .'¦
Mayor Seeks Legal ( Ad vicei
made returnable before -Judgel Cook : on
next -Saturday. ¦;¦.-''¦:..; ¦--..-'
Williams refused to vacate on the
ground that a writ of ' review had been
issued by the Superior Court, whlob sus
pended action until final disposition was
made of the case. At the same time the
writ, being the one issued by Judge Car
roll Cook at his residence at midnight on
Tuesday, was served on Mayor Schmitz
and -Clerk Fredrick. The writ command
ed, bolh of the officials named to desist In
any further , proceedings against , Williams
and suspended the appointment of. Powel
Fredrick pending the ; hearing. It waa
• Fredrick Immediately made a demand
for the office, stating at the same time
that he had been appointed to the position
of Justices' Clerk and that he was pre
pared to show his -credentials. Mayor
Schmitz' corroborated. Fredrick's state
ment and Informed Williams that he was
under suspension on charges of neglect
of duty. ;/; . .
obliged to use force yesterday
morning by ejecting his predecessor in
order to assume the duties of his office/
At about 8 o'clock Mayor Schmltz, . Sec
retary George B. Keane and Justices' Clerk
Fredrick entered the office of the Justices'
Clerk and found former Clerk Williams
on guard with his deputies, George" Mc-
Comb, Robert Dennis, Pat Prendergast,'
George Sharp and Justus Wardell, it be
ing the first appearance of the last-named
three at the office in some time.
POWEL FREDRICK, . who was
appointed clerk of the Justices',
courts . by Mayor Schmitz ¦ on
' Tuesday to succeed ' Edward W.
Williams, suspended, was
squad marched behind, the counter.
"Move out,- Mr. Williams," said, the po
lice captain in an undertone.
¦ • "Mike him use force," shouted Riordan.
. Williams, deemed discretion' the better
part of valor and retired with his assist
ants .to a position . outside of the counter.
Robert Dennis was the only one of the old
force that remained and Williams ordered
him to close the safe in which fees are de-
posited. Dennis did as he. was 'told and
was about to walk out with his associates,
but Williams asked him to remain to pro
tect ; his ¦ Interests since .he (Dennis) had
been • reappolnted by Fredrick on account
of his intimate knowledge of the affairs of
the office and the further fact that Denni3
had always 'attended to. his duties. Clerk
Fredrick, ; who ; was now in absolute pos
session' of his office, announced as his as
sistants: • Robert. W._- Dennis,, George F.
Aubertine, James H. Roxburgh and E. 5jV
Byers. ' '-¦'
., Very little business ' was transacted. • as
the attorneys conducting- cases In the^Jus
.ticesV courts were in doubt as to whether
Fredrick or. Williams j was the clerk.' Wil
liams' name still continued . to appear on
some of the unimportant documents, Den
nis remaining true to His former superior.
Clerk' Fredrick and Secretary Keane noti
fied ponnls.to'slgn the name of Powel
Fredrick as Justices',. Clerk to all instru
ments',;which was'done. : Williams re-,
malned outside of the counter and once in
Sl while^would^issiie an 'order to" Dennis,
' which : was '.- immediately /' countermanded
by Fredrick.' *?., ¦ . _/ -.,.*• ;„'. . ;
'( Several ¦ attorneys Interested in 'Justices'
Newly Appointed Justices' Slerk Powel Fredrick As=
sumes Office Withsthe Aid of Police.
SANTIAGO DE CHILL;, Jan. 21-fhe
Compania Sud Americana de Vapores of
Valparaiso will demand- £«0,<W0 for the lo<=s
cf their steamer, the Lautaro
The captain was wounded In the leg.
The Padiila had several of her crew killed
or wounded and is said to have been mudh
disabled.
occurred among them. But "General AI
fcan, retaining his composure, made the
captain of the Lautaro take charge of ibe
puns ivhich had been, mounted on that
vessel. He supervised everything himself
until he v.as struck by the bullet that
killed him.
There were about 150 soldiers on board
the Lautaro and immediately the first
shot was fired from Padilla a stampede
The Padilla was painted white'. She was
Eteaioir.g due west, with the sun's rays
directly astern of her. Her crew and of
ficers could see clearly ahead of the ves
sel, while, owing to the sun's dazzling
brightness, the Padilla herself was not
seen from the Lautaro until she was
within 400 yards of that ship.
Attack on the Lautaro.
Just before the attack by the gunboats
of the Colombian Liberals upon the Co
lombian . Government steamers Lautaro
and Chiquito, in the harbor of Panama,
last Monday morning. General Carlos
Alban, the former Military Governor of
that district.- who was killed in the en
gagement, was standing on the deck of
the Lautaro trying to induce the chief
engineer of that vessel to put to sea Im
mediately. This the latter declined to do
on the ground it would he Imprudent, with
only himself, a blacksmith and three fire
men In his department. While discussing
this pohit the first shot from the revolu
tionary/ grunboat Padilla struck the Lau
taro.
Ruef then placed Deputy County Clerk
Casey on the stand to show that the peti
tion for a writ had not been filed in the
County Clerk's 'office as required by law.
Casey then recounted how he had person
ally received the affidavit In the office of
Attorney; Riordan at 12 o'clock at night,
had . then ridden posthaste to - Judge
Casey Tells of Midnight'Hide.
"In the Issuance* of, the writ of cer
tlorari."'said Ruef, "we question the juris
diction of this "court. We "claim there is
no proceedings before it on the ground
that the t paper on which * the writ was
predicated was absolutely of no validity."
"We are not cognizant of the purpose of
the affidavit,", said Ruef, "and have not
been advised as to the alleged contempt,
but we are willing to waive that techni
cality." , ¦ * >-
Riordan thereupon read the writ of re
view which ! ordered Fredrick . to suspend
his powers conferred by 'his appointment
as Justices'; Clerk by Mayor Schmltz.
.Williams' affidavit was also read, in .which
he declares that he is the duly appointed
clerk and had been * unlawfully removed
from his office. Riordan . stated that it
was proposed to show that the restraining
order issued by Judge CookTuesday, night
had been disobeyed and the order to show
cause was issued on that plea.
tempt In disobeying a writ of
review commanding him to refrain from
interfering with Edward W. Williams in
the:' discharge of his duties as Justices'
Clerk, was called promptly at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon in Presiding Judge
Carroll Cook's _ court. Fredrick was ac
'comparded by ~ Attorney Ruef, who was
fortified with a score of volumes of Su
preme Court decisions bearing on the case.
Williams was represented by Attorneys
Riordan,: Snook and Lande.
• Attorney Ruef opened proceedings by
declaring that no copy of the affidavit on
which the write of certiorarl had been is
sued by ; Judge ' Cook had been served on
his client' (
THE case of Powel Fredrick, the
newly appointed Clerk of the
Justices' Court, who was or
dered • to " show cause why he
should not be punished for con-
IS iS" AYOR SCHMITZ late last night took.: all necessary, precautions to prevent any
||/| possible attempt, on on' the part of Edward W. Williams, former clerk of the Justices'
L. ¦ V JL C° urt > to take forcible possession of the office from which he ; was - summarily re
moved. When Acting Clerk Aubertine/ who was in charge of « the office while his
superior, Powel Fredrick, was beforejudge Garrpll Cook on contempt locked up
the office at the close of business hours' a police officer was: left on guard inthe corridor. This
action was taken under -instructions'; froA 31ayc^ Schmitz, '"and the guard 'will be maintained
until the office is openedthis morning. . : : . , y' ;v >, . - : .. "-;, ¦
MAYOR-PUTS POLICE ON GUARD.
Fredrick Denies
Contempt of
Court.
SCENE IN THE JUSTICES' OFFICE WHEN WILLIAMS HIS DEPUTIES WERE EJECTED BY THE POLICE.
Dr. Arjona, acting civil and military
chief of the Department*©* Panama, has
notified the consular corps of the death
of General Alban and his assumption of
the late Governor's duties until a new ap
pointment is made in Bogota. Dr. Arjona
also has announced that the official period
cf mourning will be nine days, during
which national flags will be at halfmast.
Six hundred men guard the railroad sta
tions to La Boca. Survivors of the crew
of the steamship Lautaro, which was
sunk in the naval engagement on Monday
morning, will sail for Valparaiso, Chile,
to-morrow.
PANAMA. Jan. 22.— Official advices to
United States Consul General Gudger say
ths>t Colon may be attacked again at any
hour. There are now about 3000 lnsur
pents In the neighborhood of Paralso sta
tion, near Colon, and squads of revolu
tionists are appearing at various places
along the line of the Panama Railroad.
A-n Attack Is Expected.
So well known is the attitude of the
United States with respect to transit of
the isthmus that the insurgents are not
expected to take any action which will
interfere with it. At the same time the
authorities propose to be prepared to en
fcrte the observance of treaty rights, and
if any delay in traffic between Panama
and Colon should occur marines will be
placed aboard each train, as was" done
recently by Captain Perry, commanding
the Iowa.
Under orders cabled by the Navy De
partment the battleship "Wisconsin, with
Hear Admiral Casey on beard, will sail
from Valparaiso the latter part of this
week. She will proceed to Callao, and if
the situation at Panama requires ths
presence • of another warship she will be
ordered to that point. If not she will
proceed directly to Acapulco.
Casey May Go to Panama.
Consul Malmros at Colon cabled the
State Department to-day regarding the
expected attack of insurgents upon that
town. The Consul is naturally anxious
that a warship be ordered to the Carib
bean shore of the isthmus. Secretary
Hay referred Malmros' message to the
Navy Department^ and the Marietta will
probably be directed to proceed to Colon
In the meantime the Philadelphia will be
able to land men at Panama and trans
port them by rail to Colon should Ameri
can interests in the latter place require
protection.
ALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 22,-Colon is
threatened by the insurgents of Colombia.
Should it fall, the authorities say its re
capture" toy the Government forces, lack
ir.g the command of General Alban,
killed at Panama, would be extremely
difficult.
Special Dtesatch to The Call.
illss Cleghorn was 21 yeara of age. at
tractive and possessed of a good edu«^»
tion.
"When 10 o'clock arrived without her re-«
turn her mother became alarmed and
telephoned to the exchange from a neigh
boring house, believing that the girl
might be working overtime. Upon being
informed that she had departed, pre
sumably for home, at the usual hour,
Mrs. Cleghorn waited a little longer and
then went to the exchange In person, to
find that no one could give her Informa
tion as to her daughter's whereabouts. It
waa not long after this that the discov
ery of the body in the lake at Ea3t Lake
Park ended her suspense with the tragic
news of Miss Cleghorn's death.
Yesterday morning Miss Cleghorn
seemed In better- spirits than usual
and remained on duty from 7:30 o'clock
until noon, when she returned to her
home. She left again at 4 o'clock to go
on her "evening trick," which lasted
from. 4:30 to 8:30 o'clock.
Gives No Hint of Purpose.
this prophecy preyed upon the mind of
the unfortunate girl, and was at least a
contributory cause to her self-destruc
tion. ¦ y/.'~ :
The third, and probably the most di
rectly potent factor leading to the youn?
girl's death, was a visit to a palmist. This
person, it is sai<l. Informed her that the
formation of her life line Indicated great
danger in the near future and prophesied
her death during the month of January,
1902. There is little cause to doubt that
LOS .ANGELES, Jan. 22.-A book. &
palmist and a mysterious young man are
three links in the chain of events that
culminated in the death of Miss Kate
Cleghorn, a young telephone operator, at
East Lake Park last evening. The ver
dict of the Coroner's jury, that death was
due to. suicide by ( drowning while the girl
was mentally unbalanced, covers the case
as far as the law Is concerned, but be
hind the conditions thus announced lies
a train of circumstances full of psycho
logical interest and romance.
Miss Cleghorn was of an extremely sen
sitive nature, high ideal3 and unimpeach
able character. Her mind was of a sci
entific turn and she fead much, both of
fiction and of fact,, to satisfy her crav
ings for the occult. Some time ago, it ia
said, she received attentions from a young
man whose identity her friends refuse to
reveal. This suitor, her friends say, pos
sessed many fine qualities, but there wera
some- drawbacks that caused the parents
of Miss Cleghorn to request her to dis
continue further association with him.
The daughter obeyed them and broka.
-with her admirer,- but. -according to her
friends^ grieved secretly over the affair.
Finds His Double in a Novel.
Soon after this occurrence Miss Cleg
horn found the novel which Is supposed
to have formed the second chapter in the
tragic story of her* life. This book sh»
read and reread with absorbing interest,
sometimes deriving comfort and some
time bitter pain from Its perusal. Tha
book, which is entitled "His Other Wife."
treats of the love of a young girl for a
man whose better nature is dominated
now and then by a hereditary grossness.
and in whom Miss Cleghorn, it is believed,
saw the counterpart of the admirer whose '
attentions she had been forced to forego.
On a page which seems to have most
often engaged the reader's thought ap
pears the following marked paragraph: -
"To her own shallow soul there seemed
nothing wider or deeper than existed in
the domain of her sensuous and emotional
life, and she could not for a moment
comprehend how the mortal and immor
tal part of a man might be at .direct
variance— how the flesh and spirit might
cast lot* for the prize of a man's honor."
Special Dlsoatch to The Call.
of Fiction and a Prophecy
That She Is Soon
' to Die.
Takes Her Inspiration From Work
"United States Is Getting Ready to
Protect Interests in Colombia
and Keep Transit Open on
the Isthmus.
Los Angeles Telephone Girl
A Victim of Occult
Research.
the Rebels.
If the City Is Retaken It Will
Remaiu in the Hands of
Government Forces at
Colon Again on the
Defensive.
Novel, Palmist and a
Love Affair Lead
to Suicide.
FINDS REST
IN WATERS
OF A LAKE
INSURGENTS
PREPARE FOR
NEW ATTACK
DEPOSED CLERK EDWARD W.WILLIAMS IS EJECTED FROM OFFICE
BY A SQUAD OF DETERMINED POLICEMEN,
NOTWIT HSTANDING JUDGE COOK'S SWEEPING WRIT OF REVIEW
PJRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 54.
SAN FKA^ CISCPV ,;-;> THURSDAY;^Atf IJAR Yv 23, - 1902.
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page One.
flBCf'-ffl^
¦ '-. .-.. - . :¦•'... ..¦ - ' ~7 - ; ~ ~ — — — — *•
CARTOONIST'S IMPRESSIONS OF " ROUGH HOUSE " AT THE HALI^; I
Continued From Page, One.
ally presented to Judge Cook,: and a: little
after lo'clock^yestexday morning -it was
placed on file among the. papers in the
County Clerk's office. k
., Attorney -Ruef contended that' this did
not- constitute' a legal filing, and in sup
port of his claim he read numerous au
thorities holding a like view. He said no
official. could -carry- his office in his hat,
and that the. filing of papers in^any other
place than that designated by law was
clearly illegal. Because: of his views in
the matter. he had instructed Fredrick to
take the action complained of. -•
On the other hand, the attorneys for
Williams- claimed that .the County Clerk
could accept the. filing of papers at any
time and in any place by virtue. Of the
authority vested in > him. Authorities in
support of this contention Were cited, and
the. court thereupon reserved his" decision
until this afte'rnoon. ": ¦'¦
'/-, Fredrick. Ignored by Justices.
The Justices- of the Peace, with 'whom
Williams is. very, popular, refused to ac
cept his suspension as final' and declined
to recognize the : authority of "Fredrick.
The result was that little business of a
Judicial 'Character was transacted during
the day. and it is likely. that no important
cases "will :be*taken"up "pending the 'decl-
Will Be Heard To-Day.
The litigation involving the suspension
of County Clerk Mahony will come up in
Judge Hebbard's court to-day. Mahony is
making a vigorous fight to retain the of
fice he illegally holds by reason of a pre
election contract entered into by him with
ex-County Clerk Deane and others, the ex
posure of which by The Call caused the
Mayor to decide upon his suspension after
a searching investigation. The Outcome
of the matter will. be,. watched with inter
est by the public generally.
sion j of Judge Cook In ; the rFredriefc jcaseV
Should the writ be dismissed; and- theau
thorlty of Mayor- Schmltz.in suspending
Williams be recognized the - : Justices 'will
act In harmony with their new'clerk.1 ;'¦/.-¦
Another feature of the day at the -City'
Hall was the attendance «at ; the meeting
of the School Board of two grand jurois
armed with pointed questions concerning
the acts of that body for some time. past.
Directors Denman and Mark were ? sud
denly afflicted with poor memories con
cerning important events, and little in
formation of value was elicited from
them. Arrangements for a private con
ference between the Directors and juror3
were. made. " ¦.
CLERK FREDRICK ASSUMES OFFICE
Snook also produced authorities in sup
port of his argument and Judge Cook
postponed the case until this afternoon at
2 o'clock, when he will render his decision.
Ruef then produced decisions from the
Supreme Courts of several States in sup
port of his contention that an instrument
is deemed to be recorded only when de
posited in the proper office; that the de
livery of an instrument at another place
than the County Clerk's office is not legal.
Judge Cook remarked that the petition
was filed before the issuance of the writ,
but Ruef repeated that the paper had not
been properly filed and that his . Honor
had inadvertently issued the writ, believ
ing the petition to have been filed. Ruef
held that it was impossible to do business
with a public official with an office under
his hat. There might be all kinds of ap
plications filed in the capacious pockets of
a County Clerk, said Ruef, who also con
tended that in cases of summary proceed
ings the statute should be construed more
strictly than in other proceedings.
Attorney Snook followed with his argu
ment, in which he held that the law did
not contemplate the. filing of an affidavit
before the order of the court Is given.
"There Is nothing. In the -statute," said
Snook, "which requires your Honor to see
that a paper is filed before the writ is
issued."
"I move that the case be dismissed,"
said Ruef, "on the ground that there is no
action pending. No order can be predicat
ed on a document that is not filed- in the
County Clerk's office. I claim that this
petition for a writ should have been phy-
Bically flled in the office named;" " ¦ - •: "¦'•
Affidavit Not Legally Filed.
Ruef replied that Riordan could find out
if he consulted a map, and the hearing
went on.
to know is, 'Are we in the United States
or in Russia?" "
Continued From Page One.- "
To Cure a XJold in' One Day
Take '< Laxative r Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. All
druggist* •. refund. the money if It falls to cure.
E..W.' Grove's signature Is on each box, 25c
WASHINGTON.. Jan." 22.-The; : Senate
in executive, session to-day confirmed th»
nomination" of M.?A: Otero as : Governor
of; New, Mexico. . Senator ; Morgan spoke
for/ more than an- hour- in opposition to
the nomination.' .When'be, concluded 'the'
vote' was taken without division.' v *. ,\
Otero's Nomination Confirmed!
,> COPENHAGEN," Jan. 22.— It ¦rhas . been
definitely decided! that the treaty, with the
United States providing for the sale of the
Danish -West « Indies > is to : be signed . at
i Washington: this :week. $ All', the formall
ties,here'are. coi&pleted. "'•'."' ¦¦ ¦ ¦.
Islands Soon t to Be Sold.
.. -WASHINGTON, Jan.' 22.— Some of the
Old partisan fire was injected into the'pro
ceedings 1 : of the House to-day when the
Item. in the urgent deficiency, bill, appro
priating ;• $500,000 for a military ; post at
-Manila,, which the Democrats' have been
using as a text for speeches In. opposition
to the Philippine policy of the : adminis
tration \ for . the . ; last three days; was
reached, v. : ".; > • . ; \ ; '
j a Cannon, j in charge of the bill , confessed"
?that- the. appropriation" was : subject : to a
point of '.order and.it went out. In lieu
thereof he offered an amendment to ap
propriate the same sum for "shelter and
protection" ; of the officers and enlisted
men of the army, on duty in the Philiu
plnea. . :. . .- : .. .. . ¦. ,.-.. .<-.-.;. ¦.
This the ; chair, held to be in .order, and
It at once became the suBject of a verv
spirited debate, in which Richardson, the
minority leader; Williams of
and De Armond of Missouri were pitted
against the chairman of the Appropria
tion Committee. Partisan applause rang
out on each, Bide to cheer the respective
champions, and there seemed to be a
solid line, on each side of the political
aisle. ',..., ' ¦': ¦ ,• ¦ - ¦..:¦. .•-...
61^^ he , v< ii e was ta ken,~ Cummings;
a New York Democrat, voted ;wlth the
Republicans, turning angrily on his pollti-
. cal • '-.brethren [¦ as ' he did so; and, with
clinched, flst In ?thelr faces, crying out
that he might be paralyzed when .he re
fused to vote to. protect an American sol
dier, v The .vote on- the.. adoption* of the
amendment -stood 172 to 100. • ,.- • • : -
-"¦Debate t pn. the Philippine tariff ,bllf was
not : continued . in the . Senate . to-day no
member; being ready to proceed with the
discussion. The bill providing for the es
tablishment ¦ of a Department of Com
merce was under discussion for nearly
two hours.* Little progress was made with
It, . as, .while the i debate disclosed no ob
jections ¦ to the? main : features of the bill
there was a disposition on the part' of the
Seriate, to give Jt careful consideration
and to perfect the Retails of the measure
. Stripped ' of its- sentimentality : and all ex
traneous considerations, and reducing the Cu-!
ban demands for free or freer sugar to ita sim
plest equation, it is this: Shall the United
States through its agriculturists produce Its
raw sugar, and its factories scattered from the'
Atlantic to the Paciflc, reflne : Its DroducU, , pr
shall it permit, foreign ' lands - to . export : to '¦ it,
made returnable before Judge Cook at 4
o'clock in the afternoon. Fredrick imme
diately swore In* George . F. v Aubertme ¦ as
acting clerk In "his absence. . Aubertina
was left' in charge of . the office while
Fredrick went to the Hall of. Justice to
answer the summons. WJlllams and three
of his assistants were subpenaed also.
Nothing of . interest developed - in . the of
fice until closing time except' that the two
police officers, ¦ who were, withdrawn im
mediately after, the serving of the writ on
Chief Wittman, were put on duty In the
office again to forestall' any possible at
tempt qf the Williams.' contingent , to re
gain possession by an onslaught. >
Oxnard made an extended statement of
the position of the beet sugar associa
tion. He said:,.
. We want what you.- will : grant, I asklnjr no
more, not as much, .. as we are able to con
cede tc your producers.' Without suggestion
us to limitations, .we leave to your, statesman
ship the relations which are to prevail be
tween us. The sovereignty Is yours over both
alike, and your, determination will be accepted
by us fully and freely as by the American peo
ple themselves. -. - , ¦ ¦".
- At. the outset Place, at the head of the
Cuban delegation, made a statement to
clear up misapprehension on Cuba's posi
tion.. He had argued for free trade, he
said, as that was the; earnest .wish .of
Cuba. .But while this was. the, judgment
of the Cuban people, he said, -thpy de
ferred to the judgment of the. American
Congress on the whole • question. 7 He
added: .-¦' . • . .'
WASHINGTON.' Jan. 22.— The hearing
on Cuban-reciprocity was resumed before
the Ways ; and Means Committee to-day.-
The beet sugar interests of the United
States ' occupied most of the time, being
represented by Henry T. Oxnard, presi
dent of the American Beet Sugar Assd
ciatlon, and . • by delegates from those
States Interested , : in sugar, gjjj The cane
sugar ¦ interests of Louisiana also • were_
well represented.
a It • seems to me; . however, that this' 5 subject .
involves 1 considerations of: morality and con
science " hlehcr and more . commanding than all
others.' The obligations arising, from - : these
considerations cannot be better or more forcibly
denned . than - was i done by •; President ' Roose-'
velt in his- message • to ¦ Congress, •* nor ¦' better
emphasized .than has-been done by Secretary'
Root, J and . yet. Congress | waits, I 'while we occa
sionally » hear • of , concessions which rich sugar
Interests might approve In i behalf of • trembling
Cuba. I don't ' believe that nations, : any more
than. Individuals;- can safely violate the rules
of honesty and fair dealing.' • Until there Is
no escape.:. therefore, I. will; not. believe that'
with air our ¦ fine words ' a,nd , lofty professions,
our . of Cuba ; meana the contagion of
deadly disease. Yours truly. • .
.-•-. - -.* •, GROVER CLEVELAND.
.My Dear Mr. Farquhar: ; I have only suffi
ciently ; recovered > from | my ' illness to . be ' about ¦
a little and, ride' out ¦ in a ; limited way. i ' To
morrow I hope to start on a trip to the South.,
In the expectation' that . my health will be
largely restored i by the I outing. I: ' received
your letter yesterday and was much impressed
•by the manner 'in -which you discuss your re
lations and our. duty: to Cuba. The arguments
used in opposition to the tariff concession she
Implores, based - upon . our material interests,
are : fallacious/ mistaken and misleading,' while
•their source and the; agencies of their propoga
tlon and spread. cannot fall to be recognized by
every honest, -patriotic citizen wlth-shame and
humiliation.' ' . - .'¦-..; ;-'• . -v- •
YORK, Pa.,' Jan.;; 23.— A. B. Farquhar of.
this city,: head [of the Farquhar Agri
cultural Works,' and prominent in national
and .Democratic affairs, . has received the
following letter from ex-President-.Cleve
land, in reply to one ': sent him by Far
quhar, \relative v 'to' the relations of the
. tJni ted States with Cuba: v,. ,- •
: - .: WESTLAND, PRINCETON,' ; N. J.,
• ¦<•¦•; ''•*.?':;* January -21; 1902. .;
Relationa With the Cubans.'
IFormer :PreEideiit Writes Regarding
EXPRESSION FROM CLEVELAND.
Cummings i of . New York
Makes a Sensational • •
r /Speech.
Ways and Means Com
mittee Hears More
- - Arguments. C
Fredrick Cited, for Contempt.
At 1 o'clock in the afternoon another re
straining order was served on Mav-or
Schmitz and Chief of Police Wlttman to
prevent the two officials from further in
terfering with Edward Williams in the
conduct of the office from which he had
been summarily ejected earlier in the day
A writ of was also served on
Clerk Fredrick, carrying: with it an order
to show cause why he should not be pun
ished for contempt of court in refusing to
obey the writ of certlorarl which had
been served on himself and Mayor-
SchmiU In- the. morning."- The' oraer was.
If the Justices of the Peace desire to permit
such things to continue I do not hold the
same, and I am willing to go to Jail In de
fense of what I think is my duty to the
people. - '.
I kept my action a secret because .1 had been
tricked once by machine politicians.
I think the people of San Francisco desire a
clean government, and my action in suspend
ing Clerk Williams was actuated solely by the
desire to serve the people. Grave charges have
b«-en made against him — he attended the races
when he should have been working; .Now I
have suspended him and purpose standing by
my action until the lust. ...
When this threat was conveyed to the
Mayor he made the following statement:
Mayor Willing to Go to Jail.
When Williams was ejected from the of
fice from : which he had been suspended
Attorney Riordan threatened to have
Mayor Schmitz and Clerk Fredrick sum
moned for contempt of court in refusing
to obey the writ issued by Judge Cook.
This decision was immediately conveyed
to Sheriff Lackmann, who without desir
ing to take sides in. the controversy, but
to protect himself on his official bond, re
quired the signature of Presiding Judge
Daniels to be appended to all writs issued
from the Justices' Court
"The Justices of the Peace shall appoint
a chief clerk, who shall hold oflice for two
years." • .
Judge Daniels also Issued a statement to
the effect that he and his associates had
elected Edward J. Williams as chief clerk
in December last and they had received
no official notice that their appointee had
been removed. In accordance with the
express terms of the charter that the Jus
tices had the right to appoint their own
clerk Daniels said they would recognize
Williams alone as their clerk.
Court cases called the attention of Presid
ing Justice of the. Peace i Daniels to the
conflict of authority in the clerk's office
and a meeting of the' Justices was imme
diately called to -take. action. Judges
Long-, Dunn, Joachlmsen and Daniels as
sembled in the oifice of the . last named
and the matter was "fully discussed. It
was finally decided to recognize Williams
as Justices' Clerk, basing their decision
on section 1, chapter 7, -article 5 of the
charter, which says : • .- » '
WAVES A FIST
IN THE HOUSE
-Oxnard .characterized ;the Cuban prop
osition'-as'most vicious and asked why
It was that the American "sugar Interests
should be singled out- for sacrifice.
the raw ¦ material' ertd content itself- merely'
with the refining? That is what I fear' would 1
eventually come to pass if you interfere in any.
way at the present time with the existing pro
duction of. homo sugar. . Capital is timid flb a
great degree, and should Congress decide that
Cuban sugar must .be helped at the expense of
American beet; sugar, then It will at first hesi
tate and eventually 'turn -its back upon the
further development of beet sugar and throw
its full force into'-^he tropical . Islands" which
we have unduly, favored and stimulated. Sugar
production in -Cuba, "to-day is firmly established
and the chief industry o.f the island. • Even our
enemies must admit that beetysugar is at the
very inception of its 'development in the United
States. . •. ¦>•¦
MEN OF CUBA
TALK OF TARIFF
Attorney Ruef contended in his' argu
ment that the court lacked jurisdiction in
the premises. He stated that the writ of
•review was issued by the- court on the
strength of a document which was never
legally filed in the County Clerk's office:
It appeared that the original- -writ was
filed in the office of Attorney Riordan In
the presence of County Clerk Mahony;
Deputy Casey, Williams and several at
torneys. A few minutes later It was form-
Paper Not Legally. Filed.
merely submit to forcible - ejectment in
order that the requirements of the law
and subsequent proceedings of a legal na
ture might be complied with.
A large crowd gathered in anticipation
of trouble, . but aside from the furor
caused by the unusual proceeding there
was no great excitement. It was, under
stood that legal steps to resent the action
of Fredrick and j his blue-coated guards
would be taken.' This was accordingly
done, the result being the filing by Rior
dan of an affidavit in which the facts
were duly recited." On the filing of the
affidavit Judge Cook issued an order,
citing Fredrick for contempt, of court.
"I want to show that a policeman was
placed on guard in the County Clerk's of
fice by order of the Mayor. What I want
Riordan wanted to show that Casey was
not allowed to enter the County Clerk's
office until Lieutenant Birdsall had tele
phoned to County Clerk Mahony for his
permission. . When Ruef objected to this
line of questioning Riordan said testily:
Casey testified that besides him In Rlor
dan's office were Lande, Snook, Williams,
Qulnn, Pat Prendergast and County Clerk
Mahony. Ruef drew from Casey that
before Judge Cook signed the document it
had not been in the County Clerk's office,
but that County Clerk Mahony had au
thorized Casey to indorse the paper as
filed.
Cook's residence to have the writ signed
and afterward raced to the County Clerk's
office to put the document on record, all
of which was told exclusively in The Call
yesterday morning.
FREDRICK DENIES THAT HE IS IN CONTEMPT OF COURT
At the meeting of the School Board yes
terday a demand was ordered drawn in
the sum of $440 in favor of Miss J. A.
Dwyer as teacher in the Sherman School
for back salary In accordance with a judg
ment of the Superior Court. Miss Dwyer"
was suspended on July 22, 1901, but the
court ordered' her reinstatement. Super
intendent Webster requested that Miss
Dwyer be transferred to another school.
Superintendent Webster stattd that
Miss K. F. Casey, principal of the Lafay
ette School, had nfty-ttve scholars for
whom there were no seats. She desired to
rent a room hear by to be used for a 1
new class. The matter was taken under
advisement.
The Sunnyslde Land Company notified
the board that the fifteen lots in block 19
would be sold for school purposes for
55250. The company states that the offer
of certain parties to sell the lots for
$3200 is not authorized, as they cannot
give title to the property in question.
The use of the French text book en
titled "La Tour de la France par Deux
Enfants" was authorized in the Adams
School.
The application of Dorothy F. Moran, a
special teacher of sewing, for reinstate
ment was received and the secretary in
structed to ascertain if her statements
agree with the records.
Miss Ruth G. Campbell, Miss Laura S.
Templeton and A: T. Winn were placed
on the retired list.
Superintendent Webster announced that
exercises commemorative of the birthday
of President McKinley would be held in
all schools on the anniversary . of his
birthday. January 29.
Rules for a competitive examination fpr
the distribution of -the Hochstadter be
quest for the education of colored children
were adopted and four of the highest in a
competitive examination soon to .be held
will be selected and. sent to the institu
tions of their choice. . .
The salaries of the janitors in the Ocean
School Board Satisfies a
Judgment— Teachers
Are Retired.
HISS DWYER'S
SALARY IS PAID
THE unusual spectacle of a com
mittee of the Grand Jury In at
tendance at a meeting of the
School Board was presented at
the meeting of that body yester
day k It is needless to say that
the curiosity suddenly mani
fested by the Grand Jury in the trans
actions of the board was, in the light of
recent developments at the City Hall, a
painful surprise to the Phelan wing of
the directorate.
The grand jurors who attended the
meeting of the board were Sol Cahen and
Benjamin Lichtenstein of the committee
on education. That they had prepared
themselves for a. warm session was evi
denced by the character of the proceed
ings which followed. Cahen was primed
with many pointed questions concerning
the alleged extravagance of the Directors
in the past, and when he propounded them
Directors Denman and Mark wriggled
painfully in their seats and evinced a for
• getfulness of recent events which might
seem surprising to many. That they did
not desire to discuss the history of their
acts in public was made manifest when
Director Denman suggested that the in
quiry be deferred until more privacy could
be secured. The jurors reluctantly agreed
to the proposition and arrangements for a
• "private" meeting in the future were
made.
The newly appointed Director, Thomas
P. Woodward, took his seat after present
ing his credentials, and with Director
Denman in the chair the business of the
meeting was begun. After the transaction
of some routine business Cahen asked the
indulgence of the board for a few minutes.
Cahen Asks Some Questions.
"What can we do for you, sir?" inquired
Chairman Denman.
"I have a few questions to ask," re
plied Cahen.
"Glad to answer anything," answered
Mark and Denman in concert.
Cahen drew from his pocket a list of
typewritten questions and carefully noted
the answers of Denman and Mark to each.
At first the two Directors were willing
to talk, but as the questions became more
pointed they returned evasive answers or
hid themselves behind the general reply,
"We don't know." Denman did most, of
the replying and defended the actions of
his former associates.
"Have not expensive repairs been made
to the Denman School," asked Cahen,
"while other schools were neglected?"
"I do not know," said Denman.
"Have not certain high schools been fa
vored with more laboratory apparatus
than others?"
"I do not think so."
"With a decreased appropriation from
that of last year, is it not true that the
Board of Education expended $23,000 for
the Installation of a manual training
plant and cooking classes, while at the
same time the board was consolidating
schools and classes and leaving hundreds
of children without proper accommoda
tions?" asked Cahen impressively.
"Say, now, Mr. Cahen," answered Den
man nervously, "there are some of these
things it is better to talk over privately.
Caben was not satisfied, however, and
followed up Denman's discomfiture by
some questions as to whether the State
law regarding the course of study had
been complied with.. Denman referred the
matter to Mark, who replied as did Den-:
man, "Not that we are- aware ¦¦of." • Ar
rangements were made for a future con
ference. The board then proceeded to
finish its routine business.
We will give your committee at any time
all the Information needed." • • - -
House, Park, John W. Taylor, Sunny side,
W^est End, Hunters Point* and Jackson
schools were Increased. . : ... , -, '
Directors Denman and Mark Are Stricken With Loss
of Memory and Agree to Answer Queries
if Privately Put.
GRAND JURORS ATTEND MEETING OF THE SCHOOL
BOARD AND ASK MANY PERTINENT QUESTIONS
These pensions were granted: Califorf
nia— Original— C.Irvin B. Jenney, Los An.
gelea, • J6; John H. Carter. Trinity- Center,
$8; Charles Keeton, Parkflelq. $6. War
with -Spain— W- Edward J. Hilson, San
Francisco. $30. Increase — Ephraim H. Pin
ney,. Los Angeles. $12; Charles. D. Wood,
Spokane, $8; Oliver N. ; Bartlett,' Gait, $12.
Widows-i-Mary B. Fitch, Fair Oaks, J8.
Oregon— Original— Elijah H. Williams;
56. Increase— Sanford Smith, Hood River.
$10; Jeptha Hart, Harlan, $8. :
Washington— Increases-Martin I*' Row
ley/Trent, $8. • • "; . ¦ . ' n '
Army orders— Second Lieutenait George
E.' Goodrich Is ordered to Columbus Bar-
Tacks for duty with recruit* for the Phil
ippines .via 'San -Francisco.' ¦ Captain
Charles D. Clay,- Seventeenth' Infantry
will report to Major -General S. B. M;
Young, president of the Army Retiring
Board, appointed to meet at San Francis
co, for examination by the board.
• Navy orders— Pay Inspector R. Colhoun
is detached from duty as fleet paymaster
of the Pacific station and^ ordered to the
South Atlantic station as fleet paymaster
of that station.- * . .
WASHINGTON, Jan.. 22.— The Postofflce
"Department to-day announced the" follow^
ing: • Postmaster commissioned: w Call!
: f ornia—^Ernest B. Loring-, Rohnexvilleir
Rural free delivery established" February
1, 1902: CaUfornia^-FulIerton, - Orange
• County, one additional carrier. -." •;.. . • ¦ ( -
Washington — Centerville,-. -Klickitat
County, -one carrier. ¦. . '. - , , ' . ..'¦ ¦
Changes in the Postal Service and
More' New Pe'nslons "
Granted. ., ' * I
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
HE suspension of Edward- Wil-
W |3 Hams from his ' position of
. : ¦ Clerk of too Justices' Court, by
, v ¦ ' Mayor Scbmltz and. the en»
pi | forced resignation of former
,^*> School Director -Casserly have
spread consternation among
city officials , who are wonderingr whertf
the lightning of Schmitz'S" displeasure -is
going to strike next. This . feeling-jof • un
rest is especially strong, among the* mem-?
bers of the various : boards- and . commis
sions who .were appointed -.by. former
Mayor Phelan. That Phelan's selections
are unpopular is demonstrated by the
numerous charges which' have: been filed
against a majority of the Commissioners
wnose terms nave not yet expired. . Mayor
bctimiu has them ¦ unuer ~ investigation,
aha- it goes wihtout saying 'that more vlcr
ttms are to follow m me waKe of Casaeny
ana Williams. ,-Vv IS ¦>-¦¦•;¦-¦¦ - ¦.-
Among tuose who -will be haled' before
Mayor Bchmitz to show cause why they
snould not oe removed from pubuu bmce
is i?ire .Commisaioner ¦ urady, against
whom charges of oilensive partisanship
are being prepared, urady is accused \jf
having made speeches auring . the last
campaign in the interest of the .Demo
cratic ucket. This ( was regarded by
Mayor Bchmitz. as * suihcient cause for
suspension in the case 6t superintendent
of Pavements Ualiagner, wno compelled
rammers ana pavers io attend Democratic
meetings, , . : .;. ... . i. ! •
McCarthy Slated for Dismissal. ; .
In this -category may be also included,
P. H. McCartny, Civil Service Commis
sioner, • who, • although president of the
.Building Trades Council, vigorously op
posed trie United .Labor party at the last
election. .McCarthy, in ail llnelihobd will
be tne next Commissioner who will be
given the more pleasing alternative of re
signing rather tnan suomitting to the un
pleasant ordeal of • dismissal. Mayor
achmitz has • already reached a decision
in McCarthy's case,. and in the language
of one close .to the -throne, "McCartny
will go sobn*enough.'^ ••
Then there are : dchool Directors Den
man and Mark,.' who are- charged with
prejudice against teachers who were tried
for alleged, offenses and dismissed after
trials that were in the nature of farces.
The Mayor has also under investigation
tne complaint against j> Commissioner of
Public Works £ Mendell, = who -. draws two
• salaries — one . from the-. ¦ United States and
another from the city. Again, Mendell is
getting feeble 1 and may choose to resign
rather than submit to an unpleasant in
quiry. ;•' -, 1 : ' • ...
Three of the old members of the Health
Board are in - bad odor with Mayor
Schmitz for their persistent attempts to
injure the commerce of this coast, and
Drs. Baum,' Williamson and Buckley are
chafing" under the searchlight of the
Mayor's . Investigation. There 'are other
Commissioners who will have to answpr
for. certain .delinquencies,: arid v as the
Mayor tersely expressed it yesterday: ••
, "I am* going down the line, ; and who
ever is guilty, will suffer." :-' ; ,:. •
Unrest; Among Subordinates.
. There is unrest, too, among a number
of subordinates employed by the-.various
commissions. Charges of inqompetency
against Secretary John Hansen of the
of Education have been laid before
the Mayor, and Hansen will be unable to
retain his- lucrative position." Hansen's
"only claim to political favors from Phelan
was that he was a clerk in Gavin Mc-
Nab's office or had deskroom there. Han
sen ha^: not -proved a shining success as
a 1 secretary and the old board would have
-removed him. had the members not been
servile >to Phelan. -, - .
r."'John >;W. McCarthy, secretary of the
TB6'ard ; "dr ? Flre'Commissionera, will also
walk x the," carpet on -charges of having
"tuiurpQd-.'.tlie -authority, of the various
; battalion- chiefs j in the^ department. Ac
- cording, to. :Mayor ; Schmitz, McCarthy is
accused of "trying to be.the whole thing:."
'McCarthy ris said- to be dictatorial and
does. many things contrary to the wishes
of the Commissioners. Fire Commission
er Parry is after McCarthy's scalp and
will bring the matter up at to-day's meet
ing of the commission.
City Engineer Grunsky has been before
Mayor Schmitz to explain the conduct of !
his office, and it is rumored that Luther
Wagoner, who was his assistant during
the water investigations, has been select
ed to displace Grunsky. .Light and Water
Inspector Tupper has also beenXselected
for official decapitation,* and his successor
will be appointed in the course of two
weeks. ' Should Colonel Me.ndell be re
tired J. Leo Park, who has' really made
an efficient secretary of the Board of
Public Works, will accompany his old
chief of his own volition. Superintendent
of Buildings Barnett is also under fire,
and City Architect Moser will have to
explain why he advances his private in
terests by the use of his official position
and devotes only two hours daily to the
city's business. Altogether times have
never been so troublous as they are now
in the City Hall, and an upheaval is about
to take place which will shake the very
rafters of the municipal building.
THE SAN FRANCISCp r GALL; THURSDAY^ JANUARY 23
City Off icials in
State of Ter=
ror
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
reward^Fmerit
A New Catarrh Cure Secures
National Popularity in Less
Than One Year.
Throughout a great nation of eighty million
It is a. desperate struggle to secure yen a rec-
ognition for a new article, to say nothing of
achieving popular favor, and yet within one
year Stuart' 8 Catarrh Tablets, the new catarrh
cure, has met with such success that to-day It
can be found in every drug store throughout the
United States and Canada.
. To be cure, a large amount or advertising •was
necessary in the first Instance to bring the rem-
edy to the attention of the public, but every one
familiar with the subject knows that ac»er Us-
ing alone never made any article permanently
successful. It must have in addition abso-
lute, undeniable merit, and this the new ca-
tarrh cure certainly possesses m a marked de-
gree.
Physicians, who formerly depended upon in-
halers, sprays and local washes or ointments,
now use Stuarf s Catarrh Tablets, because* as
one of the most prominent stated, these tablets
contain in pleasant, convenient form all the
really efficient catarrh remedies, such as red
rum. blood root and similar antiseptics.
They contain no cocaine nor opiate, and are
»ri\-en to little children with entire safety and
benefit.
. Dr. J. J. Rcitlper of Covington.Ky., says: "I
suffered from catarrh in my nead and throat
every fall, with stoppage of the nose and Irrita-
tion in the throat, affecting my voice and often
extending to the etomach. caueing catarrh of
the etoroach. I bought a 60 cent package of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at my druggist's, car-
rled them in my pocket and used them faithful-
ly, and the way in which they cleared my head
and throat was certainly remarkable. I had no
catarrh last winter and spring and consider my-
self entirely free Trom any catarrhal trouble '•
Mrs. Jerome Ellison or Wheeling, W. Va
writes: "I Buffered from catarrh nearly my
whole life, and last winter my two children
also suffered from catarrhal colds and sore
throat eo much they were out of school a large
portion of the winter. My brother, who was
cured of catarrhal deafness by using Stuart' a
Catarrh Tablets, urgea me to try them so much
that I did eo and am truly thankful for what
they have done for myself and my children.
J always keep a box of the tablets In the house
and at the first appearance of a cold or sore
throat we nip It in the bud ' and catarrh is no
longer a household affliction with us."
Full sized packages of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are sold for SO cents at all druggists.
Send for book on cause and cure of catarrh,
mailed free. Address, F. A. Etuart Co.. Mar-
•*all. Mich. T . ?!Z,
Sitters
Headache, Soup Stomach, Dizzi-
ness, Inaigestionand Constipa-
tion are symptcrhiof a disordered
stomach. The Bitters is a specific
remedy for, the stornach,ani will
cure these diseases; -We urge you
to give it a trials ;
AjDVESTISETYI KNT3. \_
' '¦ 3 I ci 9" n
SIOiOEADAGHS
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty.
Eating. • A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the "Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the -.Side.: TORPID LIVER. They;
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small fall. Small Dose.
Small Price.
ifiuES WITHOUT SAYING
That mail orders. have our promptest at-
tention. In fact, Uncle Sam, through hla
excellent Postofflce Department, la ona
of our greatest helps in filling orders. If
you want an aristocracy of quality in
your laundry work use the nearest post
box.
..No saw edges. .;,; '.j
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 10O4 Markat StraaS.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
i\ Offers' everything connected
1 1 with the care t/ the eye.
I Factory oa premises. Quick
II repairing. Oculists prescriptions
I J filled. (^ Phone Main io.
llgS)542 HMarketStM
For Stomach Disorders.
_ Cout and Dyspepsia
"DtflNK
Best NATURAL Water
Z2O BROADWAY, N. T.
s\j if/ , nNVI///, . A
The "Dr. sfe Allan Electric
Belt" (-with 13kV#= ¦ n » p • n sory> la
guaranteed ~ to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong- current of electricity and Is
-easily regulate 3. Bound to supersede
others. ¦ Can be had from the undersigned
enly; NO AGENTS: JJO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free.' Call >tc address PfERCK ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 206 To». st..' San •Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New -Yorta - »•¦¦
flvisiT DR. JORDAN'S, great §
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
r ' ¦ S^ ' 1051 MABIIT sE-teft- teS*ra. sj-cil &
\ .- ¦ , tf ¦ ' ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
¦ w igi~irri»_ w orld. W uUcnnses or ¦ any contracted M
i. RCsaSH *«»« po»m»flycur«Mlhy the oldest T
0 i JSS I ¦ Specialist pn .the. Cp*st, Eit. 36 years. ft)
4 «J3$*a DR. JORDAN-DISEASES Or MEN Q
\- 1 '5Jn!*A?»- Consultation fre« and strictly private. \
'§ I X>«f If Treatment personally or by l»:ter. A A
~'\ Hk 1 T&.ff**' t^ r « 'n e»ery case undertaken.
B f // ft* Write for feoolc, PHI1.CXO J-t» Y of A
\ il I * »»HBIA6E, MAILHO FaKB. |AV
A Cl II viliable book for mi-n) \
W !>«. JORDAX A CW.riOSl AT*rlv(rti*t..9. F. V
/£®^ DR - MEYERS & CO.
/ff^r\ SPECULISTS F0R Mls -
IlW €aw -V Established : 1SSL Con-
1 vi - M J I sulta tion and private book
I -^«L /%&!,''} 'free at office or by malL
\ J&£3iT I Cure3 guaranteed.
\^^S^/ ™ MARKET ST.
XJy 9A?J FRAXCISCO>.CAI«.
DR- HALL'S REINYIGOSATORfR»!a
Stops all loses In 21 hours. Five VSAf*Suf«i
hundred reward for any case we BH fisj
cannot cure. This secret remedy • I n
cures Emissions. Impotency, WHB Kr]
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. fj*« »>5n
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- ll*LJj|luJv
hood and all other -wasting ef- |KLB5-5 *1
tecta of self-abuse or excesses. miirllTn tti
Sent sealed. (2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed
to cure any case. Cal] or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE; S35 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 ft
Market st., S. F. Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1OORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. - - Sells on Ita own merits.
NABER. A3UFS ft BRUNE, Agent*.
323 Market st., S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
¦ ¦ ' ¦'
HOpPfeSANTA CRTTZ. Jan. 22. — Professor John H.
Janson and Miss Mabel Smith wen married
here this afternoon.
TACOMA, Jan. 22.— John Bagley was ap
pointed receiver of the Addlson Mill Company
to-day. Its , UaMUties are S37.000; - assets
$30,000. \ : . ¦
PORT TOWNSEKD. Jan. 22. — The German
steamship "Wllhelmlna arrived this morclng
from Mojl. The Wllhelmlna, which sailed for
this port on December 19, haa been posted
among: the overdue vessels.
BAKERSOTELD. Jan. 22. — Supervisor 8haf-~
fer and Health Officer .T. E. Taffgart will go
to Linns. Valley to Investigate the smallpox
situation there. It Is reported that ana case
in that vicinity haa terminated fatally and
that a number of new cases have developed.
Ex-Congresman A. L. Holmes.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Jan. 22.—Ex-Con
gressman ' A. L. Holmes of Boone. Iowa,
Is dead. He passed away In Clarlnda
Hospital for the Insane.
In disposing of her estate Mrs. Hain
divided it equally among her five children
and grandchild. The children are Theo
dore P.. Beck, Adolph A. G. Hahn, Emil
J. Hahn, George H. Hahn and Rosa S.
Barron. and the grandchild Is Rosa M.
Kast. ¦ George H. Hahn and Rosa S. Bar
ron hold the property in trust for them
selves and the others. The estate con
sists of San Francisco Realty valued at
nearly $100,000.
Before the estate is distributed an effort
will be made to find the long-lost son.
B. H. Grlffen. who has charge of the
estate, will communicate with the United
States Consuls of Japan and China In the
endeavor to trace him. *
The aged mother would never believe
that he was dead. She was always
buoyed with the hope that he would come
back to her. He was her favorite son.
This last letter to her she always cher
ished and it is among her keepsakes in a
box in the Union Trust Company's vaults.
She only knew Its contents.
Emll Jacob Hahn was of a roving dis
position, and he seldom stayed home long.
In 1891 be left San Francisco for the
.Orient on a sailing, ship. Nothing was
heard of the boy for a year until one day.
his mother received a letter -from him
dated at Japan, announcing that he was'
going to China. The war was then raging
between Japan and China and Emll Hahn
may have become mixed up in it and
perished, for be haa never been heard of
.since. ; ''¦-* \":f .'¦¦
The mother's love -would never allow
her to admit that her son had perished
and she has left his share of her estate
in trust for him should he ever return.
- Firm In the belief that her favorite son
still lives, though she had not seen him
for twelve years, Mrs. Katherlne Hahn,
the wealthy Haywards woman, died leav
ing him an equal share of her estate,
which the probate papers show is worth
nearly $100,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 22.
Confide nee in _His Safety
; C Causes Her to Make
Him "an Heir.
Mrs. Kafcherine Hahn
' Waits Long for Her
Boy's Return.
DIES BELIEVING
LOST SON LIVES
JACK WADE CONFESSES AND TELLS THE NAMES OF THE MEN
WHO AIDED HIM IN THE MURDER OF POLICE OFFICER ROBINSON
"KID" GOUCHER AND "BROWNIE"
THE THUGS WHO ARE WANTED
It Is Believed That the Two Are Still Hiding in This
City, as They Are Without Funds. 4
3
An objection was sustained.
Mrs. Gibbins said that the fact of her
father being In jail had no bearing, on
the truth of her testimony.
J; R. Myers, father of the preceding
witness and one of the aged defendants
in the case, was then called. Raker of
fered as evidence In the case Myers* tes
timony before the Grand Jury, but it was
objected to. .Raker then offered as evi
dence the warrants issued by Myers, upon
which the men lynched were arrested,
but they were not allowed to be 'placed
on the record. . The ruling of the court
angered Raker, who exclaimed that the
court had promised on a previous occa
sion that the papers could be filed as rec
ords In the case. > A bitter quarrel fol
lowed, but it was cut short by the court
ordering: a recess. After' the recess the
defense renewed its application, and the
commitment of Raker resulted.
To the witness—Do you understand that the
prosecution tried to get Mr. Simmons to In
duce your father to swear to a falsehood un
der a promise that he be released from jail?
Raker — We propose to show why Myers is
in Jail. .
any time during a conversation between
her husband and Rev. Mr. Simmons, an
objection was made and sustained.
"Russia has always been and now Is
extremely desirous of maintaining amica
ble relations with the United States.
Russia never had . any intention of par
ticipating in any collective step in the
Spanish-American dispute, which did not
directly concern her. Nor did Russia re
ceive any proposition having such action
in view. Indeed, we received no informa
tion regarding Austria's alleged initiative
or about an attempt on the part of any
of the powers to interfere in the interest
of Spain."
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 22.— The cor
respondent of The Call has obtained the
following statement from the Russian
Foreign Office regarding the announce
ment made in the British House of Com
mons Monday concerning negotiations be
tween the : powers before and after the
breaking out of the Spanish-American
war and the assertions made by a British
Foreign Office official on the same sub
ject:
Russia Did Not Participate.
The. statement of a promlnefit Foreign
Office official, quoted In a London dis
patch regarding the alleged support by
France of the Austrian proposal, is de
clared to be incorrect. Since France did
not back up the proposal, and the French
Embassador In London confined himself
to making an Inquiry as to what view
the British Government took of the mat
ter, France's attitude throughout was
friendly to the United States, as well as
to I Spain, her. ardent - desire being- to
avert war. She took no initiative in any
suggestion tending to put pressure on the
United States, nor at any time . encour
aged Spain to resist. Her influence was
always directed, In the pourparlers of
the powers, to maintain peace. The ex
act value which should be placed on
Great Britain's leaning toward the United
States can be gauged, it is declared, by
the fact that when war was declared
Senor Gollon was furious, firstly, against
Germany, secondly against Russia and
only thirdly against Great Britain. Hia
resentment . against Germany was due to
the latter having encouraged Spain to re
sist and then having abandoned her at
the last moment. ¦. \iH."C>
Did. Not Back Proposal.
frress rendered any further action out of
the question. This was the extent of
Great Britain's action in favor of the
United 8tates.
R. Myers, R." L. Nichols, Joseph W. Lev
enton and' Claude Marcus, the prisoners
whom Raker and Spencer attempted to
have released, yesterday, on a writ of
habeas corpus. 1 Their petition was not
properly . presented and .they were" at that
time instructed to amend it. ; ¦¦
It ' was evident that during the night
Post and his colleagues planned a coup
,which. they partially executed this morn
ing when ¦ they asked Judge Harrington
to temporarily dissolve . his (Superior)
court Into a magistrate's court to arraign
the men named.,
A storm followed,' Raker asking in loud
tones;
"Is this a Superior Court or not?" j
. "You can call it by ¦ any vile name you
please," replied Judge Harrington, "and
you and your confreres have said enough
things about it." . m
Raker objected to the remarks of his
Honor, and Judge Harrington arose from
his chair and pointing at Raker said:
"Only this morning one of your friends
said In my hearing" that 'the only way to
settle this ; case was to shoot ;that ¦ — —
. Judge.' " ."••',
-Raker objected to the statement-that the
man who said it was one of his friends,
and asked who made such a remark. The
court replied, "A. H. Ferguson is the man
who 1 said it, and the same remark, has
been made right here in this courtroom
before." ' -' ' , ¦ .
".„ Judge Lectures Raker.
Later Judge Harrington stated to a
cress representative that Delos Brownell,
brother-in-law of the defendant, made a
similar statement In the courtroom ten .
SrM>ncer— Tour Honor, you must not hold us
responsible for the remarks of outsiders.
The court— Well, it was a recognized friend
ot yours, and the remarks have been^made
jlaj^r. 1 don't propose to allow this court
•to throw any Insinuations on me.
The court — Raker, I will tell you -why I have
borne with you for so long. It has been out
o' consideration for. your client. If I /were
to Jail you people would say I am prosecuting
the case. I ought to have put you In Jail
lor.e aco. I know your game — spending two or
three hundred dollars a day of the county's
m Raker— You have b*en prosecuting. the case.
Spencer added a little coal to the lire
by making an insinuation in reference. to
"the mob of gun-fighters In court.".
The court— I can say anything I think right.
I am not afraid of any man on earth.
The atmosphere being , somewhat
cleared. Raker asked if he understood
this was a magistrate's court, and the
Judge replied that it was.
Raker— The Supreme Court has rendered a
decision within r the last three days . touching
this" very, 1 point.- ¦ I thtrefore now request you
to discharge these defendants "on the ground
that they were" arrested and. not given a pre
liminary hearing before the magistrate Issu
ing the warrant or any other In the county:
on the further ground that an application for
tfcelr release . on a writ I of habeas corpus has
been made, and, furthtrmore, that the case of
Brown has been . interrupted in the Superior
Court ¦ to hold a preliminary, examination j in
a magistrate's court. ' .
The court — Motion dtnied. • -- •¦¦'--.
- Raker — We have another application to make.
The court — Raker, you . are , an obstruction
ist. % - ¦¦_.--.¦• ¦' ¦'¦ ¦' '¦¦" • ¦' :¦¦.¦-¦
Baker— We desire to show that this court is
disqualified by reason, of it having expressed
an opinion as to the. guilt of these men. and
we object to any proceeding for want of Juris
diction.- . ,
The^cburt ordered * Raker to be taken
out of courti; but. relented.
.' The court— This court has Jurisdiction. You
have done nothing but object and obstruct for
the last , six , months. ¦ It Is order«d that the
preliminary examination of these men be con
tinued until February 3. ' . : .
' Witness Contradicts Herself.
~ Mrs. Glbblns- was recalled. Answering
questions of General" Post, she 'said that
Supervisor ¦ Kane, ¦whom she had testified
as having' seen In her: father's hotel on
• the ' night -.of the lynching as she came
to the , door, of her mother's room, asked
if ¦ he could assist. She did not know
.whether she answered him or not, though
yesterday ¦ she : said , she ' had .had -a con
"versation ¦with him. Asked if she knew
a family^ named Bassett, she replied ;n
the affirmative,, but. said 'She did not re
member ever having spoken to Mrs. J Bas
sett'about the Mrs.' Gibbins
" said that she • first told , her folks about
seeing . Samuel Parks • in the hallway the
night of the- lynching. (Parks testified
before- the "Grand Jury that r he did not
see Mrs. Gibbins, though she swore yes
terday that she recognized him fully and
spoke . to • him.) /-".'- I':.-. ¦
Asked .: If - she had ever spoken^to any
one - else regarding. Parks,- she ¦ could re
member only, her, husband and Mrs. Nich
ols.^ -3rS-4si'i'j*^ii^SSS8ffll^ E^^ 3 •jSN|8S£
H Raker then commenced. the redirect ex
amination. ' Asked if she was present at
..In the first place, in the Spanish negotia
tions, at the end of March, 1898, to secure
the' intervention of the powers in her fa
vor,'Great Britain took the same atti
tude as France and the o.ther powers. She
neither ; refused nor consented, to join in
collective action. All the powers were hes
itating until they ascertained the inten
tions, of the others. Russia settled the mat
ter "by the late Count MouravlefFs blunt
rejection of the proposal. Subsequently,
aftef General Woodford's conference with
the Spanish Premier and Senor Gollon, the
Foreign Minister, at which the latter in
dicated the extent of the surrender Spain
was willing to make to the United States'
demands, the Austrian Government, be
lieving Spain's surrender was sufficiently
complete to satisfy the United States, Ini
structed its embassadors ; to propose to
the European governments that a note be
presented at Washington urging the
United States to accept Spain's offer and
avert- war. ¦ The Spanish Embassador in
London saw A. J. Balf our, the First Lord
of the Treasury, who must at that time
have been acting as Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs during I the absence of
Lord Salisbury at Beaulieu, France, who
promised to instruct Lord Pauncef ote to
act alone or- with his colleagues with a
view to maintain peace. No action was
definitely agreed on,- though Russia,
France and ; Germany were disposed
toward a movement which would avert an
outbreak of hostilities. A few days before
the war, however, it . was declared that
Balfour had raised the objection to which
Lord Cranborne alluded In the House of
Commons Monday against any note which
would have the appearance of putting pres
sure on the United States, or offering an
opinion on. the United States' attitude. The
Austrian. proposition then fell through and
the subsequent joint resolution of Con-
House of ¦ ¦ Commons Monday on
the ""subject of . representations made ' to
Great Britain before and after the out
break of the Spanish- American war and
the { dispatch from London yesterday on
the same subject, The Call correspondent
made Inquiries In an authoritative quar
ter' here and . received .the following ex-.
planatlons, which throw a somewhat dif
ferent; light on. the subject:
PARIS, Jan. 22.— In view > of the
statement made by Lord Cran
borne, British Under Secretary of
State for: Foreign Affairs, in the
.><'¦.¦ ¦¦ .¦...-¦ ¦¦,.•¦ - ¦
Explanations Are Made at Paris and St. Peters
' burg Concerriing Conflict With Spain.
FRANCE AND RUSSIA SHOW
FRIENDSHIP FOR AMERICA
DANGEHOUS CROOKS ARRESTED
Suspicion That Two Suisiin Prison-
ers Helped Murder Bobinson.
SUISUN, Jan: 22.— Two men who were
arrested here to-day and sentenced to the
County Jail for thirty days for. vagrancy
are found to have been members of a gang
of dangerous crooks. It is probable that
they are criminals for whom Sheriff Sib
ley of San Joaquin County has been
searching, and it is barely possible that
they had a hand in the tragedy in San
H ral J?ffi CO °S Monday night in which Po
lice Officer Robinson was shot to death
When taken before Justice Hitchcock
V7 k n "? S n t , lie J ' Iiei1 Bave th eir names
*"? M, Ward and Ge orge Sullivan
At the jail it was accidentally discovered
that T\ard, who is also known as Bradv
gave his name as George Williams when
arrested in Stockton Christmas eve on
a charge of having' burglarized Henry
Meehan's saloon in that city. Sullivan u
known as "Blackie." Another priSne!
in the Jail here is Edward Rose who was
a cellmate in the Stockton jail of thp
other two named. / 5
The men were questioned singly in rnJ
£! c i.«^ t 4 orney Devlln ' s offlc e to-day bv
Sheriff Savage, and the officers became
satisfied. they belong to a gang of thieves
who have been operating in San Francis
co Oakland. Stockton and other citlel"
The officers were also convinced from
Etatements n made by the prisoners that
George Williams, an accomplice . of Hen
derson, one of the Robinson murderers
has worked with the gang. " lu ™erers,
-George Williams, who is also known as
Jack Doyle and John Sweeney, i 8 known
here by Constable" Downing, who arrested
Henderson in Suisun last November^for
trying to sell goods stolen in , Salt r Lake*
Henderson was held four days and r^'
le , a | ed upon advice of the Chief of Police
of Salt: Lake as the Chief was unable to
secure requisition papers. Photoerarjh* nf
WardJ and Sullivan were takeS and
will be • forwarded to • the San Franciarn
police to-morrow. 'ranciacp.
POLICE WILL ACT; AS ESCOBT.
Sigh Honors to . Be Paid the ' Victim
; of Mission Footpads. ' • A-
, Sorrowing comrades ' In ¦ the Police " De
partment will": follow : the; body of ' brave
Officer „ Eugene : C. ; Robinson, who . was
murdered : in the ; Mission by footpads as
far as- the Ferry Depot this J afternoon l
The regains will be shipped > to •- Qulncy'
Plumas .County, the home of the aged
mother of the deceased. . . ' ' ¦ ~~t, <-
'The funeral will be one of the most Im
posing held In this city In years and many
Detectives Wren and Dinan worked like
beavers all day yesterday trying to locate
"Kid" Goucher and ."Brownie.'.' Both men
The police : are satisfied * that they will
capture the two murderers .who are " at
large within the next twenty-four . hours.
Late last night the detectives received
information that led them to believe that
neither of the ' criminals had left the city.
All the detectives available were detailed
ti watch the haunts of the crooks, but
r.» to a late hour^no arrests had been
made. ¦' . ¦-.-¦. ... ; , ¦ ;., .,-¦-- -'.x, ; •
Criminals Probably in City.
escape from the scene of the brutal mur- 1
der.
One of the criminals referred to in
Wade's confession, " Kid " Goucher,
has at various times passed as a
eon of ex-Senator Goucher of Fresna,
and the other is a notorious footpad called
"Brownie," who has a wife living in Sac
ramento. About 2:30 o'clock on the morn-
Ing of Policeman Robinson's murder
"Kid" Goucher was seen hurrying down
Market street He turned into Mason
street and took shelter in a saloon.
"Brownie" was not with him. The pair
had evidently separated after they left
Valencia street. Qj.
The police are now scouring the city
and neighboring towns for tne missing
murderers. It is quite probable that (
'.'Brownie" succeeded In getting to Sac
ramento, where he has friends who will
try to protect him until he gets a chance
to get out of the country. The police,
however, are not inclined to believe thai
either of the men succeeded in escaping
from the city, for the reason • that they
had no funds. The murderers did not
rai£e any money as a result of their early
morning 'work in the Mission, but when
their safety depended upon getting trav
eling expenses they would not hesitate to
commit any crime.
Wanted Money for McNoble.
Policeman Robinson was mistaken when
be made the statement that there were
four men in the party with whom he Had
the fatal combat. >-.
About 9 o'clock Monday night Wade, the
footpad who Is now confined in the City
and .County Hospital with a bullet hole
in his neck and shoulder, and his two
"pals," Goucher and "Brownie," were
seen in a saloon In the Mission. They had
been drinking In various saloons in the
tenderloin all day Monday, and by night
time the trio were pretty,' well under the
influence of liquor and desperate enough
to commit any foul deed. The criminals
were hard pressed for money. . George
Mason, alias "Moore, alias Pope, the leader
of the gang of daring crooks, was In the
Stockton jail on a charge of burglary, and
his lawyer, H. R. McNoble, wanted his
fee for defending him. .
"Kid" Goucher made a 'trip to Stockton
last week and visited, Mason at the Coun
ty Jail. The imprisoned leader of the
gang of thugs was /anxious about the
money he was depending upon his three
companions to raise i for his ¦ defense, c
When Goucher returned from Stockton
Saturday he reported the details of his
conversation with the leader of the gang
to Jack Wade, who was with Mason when
he committed the burglary which landed
him in Jail, but who escaped to this city.
Wade and his . associates are said to
have written at" once^ to Attorney Mc-
Noble, begging him to give them a few
more days in which to raise, the money.
Later they telephoned to McNoble and
told him that they would have plenty of
money by Wednesday. ¦ -
The murderers were in desperate-straits
and when they went out into the Mission
Monday night they went to get sufficient
money to free Mason at any cost
- Chief Wittman and Captain Seymour
have taken every precaution to prevent
the crooks from leaving the city. Every
avenue of escape is , being carefully
guarded and if the murderers are still in
town they will probably b« apprehended
before the week is out. Prior to the mur
der of Policeman Robinson the desperate
trio made their headquarters in a Mason
street saloon. They have not showed up
at their usual haunt since. Those who
know Wade, Goucher and "Brownie" say
that they had no permanent place of-resi
dence. Wade, who was being trailed by
the Stockton police, was wary of detection
and they changed their lodgings two or
three times a week. .
have long criminal records and are" known
to the police of ' nearly every big city on
the boast. "Kid" Goucher is not as
strongly seasoned in crime as -"Brownie"
and -Wade, but he has 'the reputation
among the criminal element of being a
dangerous man.
LEADER OF THE ASSOCIATION OF THIEVES AND ASSASSINS WHO
IS NOW IN PRISON AT STOCKTON,- AND THE ROBBER WHO WAS
SHOT BY OFFICER TAYLOR.
Wade had a wicked gleam In his eye
when he spoke so brazenly of his terrible
crime. It was the first admission that
Wade bad made since he was shot down
by Policeman Taylor while attempting to
The above words were uttered yester
day at the City and County Hospital by
Jack Wade, alias Henderson. It was a
confession of his hand in the brutal mur
der of Policeman Eugene Robinson, and
his confession of the identity of the as
sassin associated .with him in the brutal
crime of Tuesday morning.
fled. Their escape is my only
hope. I hope the 'Kid' has sense
enough to get away."
!*!&. settled I guess, but we got
the' V' ~'» There's one
policeman who won't bother us
any more, and if the 'Kid' and
'Brownie' get axray Fm satis-
Court had hardly assembled this morn-
Ing when the usual row commenced. . It
was precipitated when Sturtevant, for the
prosecution, requested that the jury be
excused to permit him to make an appli
cation to the -court.' • Sturtevant asked
that the Sheriff be instructed to bring
into court E. S. Trowbridge, Orin Trow
bridge, Fred Roberts, -Harry .. Roberts,- J.
prominent citizens will do honor to the
man who lost his life while in -the dis
cbarge of his duty.. . . i
"Chief Wittman issued orders yesterday
for the detail of police to escort the body
to the ferry. Company D, in command of
Lieutenant Anderson, , will parade as
mourners. Company A, in command of
Lieutenant John Martin; Company B. un
der Captain Spillane; Company C. under
Lieutenant Mooney, and Company. E, un
der Lieutenant Birdsall, will form the es
cort. Chief of Police .Wittman -will be in
supreme command. . ,^ ,v ; .
¦ Promptly at 2 p. m. the funeral cortege
headed by the Police •¦ Department band,
will leave the undertaking parlors on Van
Ness avenue, near Fell ; street, and . wend
its way to Market. I down I that, thorough
fare to Grant avenue,, north • on that
streetto Post and down-Post to the Ma
sonic Temple, where services will be con
ducted by Mission" Lodge of Masons, of
which deceased was a- member. . ¦
MayorTSchmitz and the ; Police Commis
sioners will ride in carriages, and Sequoia
Parlor,' Native Sons of r the Golden West,
to- which. Robinson belonged, will send "a
delegation to the ; funeral. . • », -. .
¦-¦¦--¦¦After the services ; in -5" Masonic ' I Temple
the body will be escorted, to. the Ferry de
pot and sent to the sorrowing mother.; The
aged parent " of ? the heroic; pojiceman is
three scoFe and ten <. years old. -7 Robinson
pathetically 'showed Ms reverence for his
mother when dying by. begging his friends
not to ¦ telegraph : tlie news to 1 her because
it would kill her.- ;.; ..v .¦•••.;
.The 'floral offerings 5 sent v by .comrades
and friends of the dead offlcer",nll the un
dertaking parlors.--. There are more .than
a score of beautiful tributes. - ., .,:.
».' The merchants in- the.. vicinity ,'of ' Six
teenth and Valencia streets show their re
spect for the dead by sending a' set floral
piece seven-^.feet^ high^YV.it.i represents
"gates ajar, and is made of. pink >. carna
tions. ¦¦ lilies of ; .the .valley,;!' violets - and
autumn leaves. ~ t The;inscription, '/When
dutyicalleo. him," Is significant.-' .' *.-¦ . n
The attaches of the office of the Chief of
Police ' sent a 1 . magnificent , coffin pall ¦; of
flowers. : - . Company D .'of ; the • Mission ; dis
trict, of which Robinson was , a' member,
sent , a 1 magnificent - floral = tribute. ; as <lid
also Company C of the Harbor station.
The court found Raker guilty- of. gross
contempt and ordered* his confinement in
the County Jail until 10 o'clock to-mor
row morning. ¦ • ; -•¦ .-;¦¦•
And oh the 22d day. of January, in the af
ternoon of said .'day, in open court, "In the
presence of counsel, members of- the; bar and
parties present in the I courtroom, \ counsel for
the defendant, John E. Raker, used the fol
lowing language: : "Oh, " what do I want to
attack the court for? -I don't mean the court
or the • Judge. I • want to. attack somebody
when I attack anybody." . • . .. -:
Raker — I hope to God I am not .to be sent
to Jail for doing what 1 think tight as a gen
tleman, v . - • ¦ ' .. ¦
- Spencer — I ask that your Honor let this mat
ter pass. It will delay the trial. Mr. Raker
felt aggravated at the remarks of the court,
and talked back, and I ask you to not delay
this case at this time. . . • .
Judge Harrington paid no attention to
the pleadings of counsel for the defense
and continued writing the commitment.
The Jury was excused and Raker accom
panied the Sheriff to jail. • . ..
In his commitment of . Raker, - Judge
Harrington goes back to. the afternoon of
January 14 for offenses committed by the
lawyer. Judge Harrington says that on
that date Raker, in the j presence of the
jury, used the following language: ."Now
you can see where the sympathies of the
court are In this case." Also, on the same
day, Raker refused to permit the court
to examine a document which, the com
mitment asserts, was part of the official
transcript of ; John . Hutton's testimony.
The defense claimed at the time, and does
now, that the document asked for was
private property of counsel for the de
fense and the court was not entitled to
examine it. The commitment continues:
Judge Harrington retired to his fcham
ber, and during his absence - Raker con
tinued to harangue the court. . A deputy
sheriff was finally compelled to order him
to cease his remarks in the presence of
the jury. Judge Harrington returned to
the courtroom and commenced to. write
Raker's, commitment. ¦ . . ' - ...
Raker— Oh. what- do I want .to attack the
court- for? I don't ' mean the court or. the
Judge. I want to attack something when I
attack anybody. ¦ .' ' : • . ;
% The Court (angrily)— I am getting tired of
your' insolence, and I" will ..send - you to Jail
until 10 o'clock to-morrow for your misconduct.
-• Raker As agentleman-I-muat- reaent-the in
sinuations . of the. court that . I am telling a
falsehood. ••¦ • ¦;-.¦:. - %¦•- .
The Court — Recess for fifteen 'minutes. :
Vain Pleading of Counsel.
The Court — John E. ' Raker, I will commit
you to jail until 10 o'clock to-morrow morning
for your insulting, insolent conduct. I am
heartily sick of it and I will not stand it
any longer. ' . i £S
Raker — Who spoke of attacking you?
¦ Raker — Why does your Honor take advantage
of your position - on the bench continually to
tell me I lie? V
The Court — You can attack me at any time
out of court. .-.";-.¦ •
A heated argument followed this asser
tion. Raker claiming that the court was
depriving- the defense of-'legitimate,evi
dence. 'V .¦•--'> , ' •. •
Raker — You are depriving -us of the legal
defense of this defendant.
The Court — Raker, you are telling a false
hood, and you know It. „
When the court reassemblefi for the aft.
ernoon Raker attempted to have -" Intro-,
duced as evidence the search warranta
and warrants of arrest Issued- by J. R.
Myers, who was Justice of the. Pe'ace of
'Lookout Township "in May last and who
is' now confined in Jail at this place as a
conspirator In I the lynching of . : Calvin
Hall, James ~ Hall, Frank ; Hall,
Daniel - Yantis *~ and Martin Wilson.
The warrants \i were issued for the
arrest of. the; lynched 'men?, 01 ', charges
of theft, and .the defense .wanted.; them in
troduced' as evidence f to * shoW - that there
were no grounds for. the charge made by
the prosecution that there was a conspir v
acy to arrest the: men '.and. -then lynch
them. The court ruled adversely to Raker
and Spencer; and .'the claim was made Dy
Raker that the court had previously ruled
that the papers in question might be in
troduced when^thejdefense commenced its
case. : '¦ ":'¦',": '.; ¦'"- , ¦¦ - ,¦•¦¦"
ALTURAS, Jan. 22.— The session of .court
In I the Lookout lynching case this after
noon was a very, short one and It ended
disastrously for John E. Raker, one of the
counsel for the defense, he' being commit
ted to jail j until 10 . o'clock to-morrow
morning for contempt of .court. : .7. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Day of Excitement and Bitter Quar
¦: i - reling ; Ends "With Sensa- .' ?
tional Action by the
Court.
Wearies of Constant Bicker
ering in the Alturas -
, ;/ . , ¦ Trial. Wmk
Judge Harrington Com
mits Attorney for"
Contempt.
JAIL OPENS
TO LAWYER
JOHN RAKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; ' CALI^ THURSpiY^ 23, 1902]
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NITW" .ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call.Si.OO par Tear
jS ffiBP'"'^^ ;8? ¦woman need not
l£^Bi*3E^4»^fuk which conies as tne
beginning of life's
lgjfi^liftia autumn. It is the
\£irS*§ iKs£y8b woman who is worn
TffcffcjfpTjit^a ou t, run down and
Zjg7^felfc|w womanly diseases
fPiXlS^iuW dreads the change
C§Mm&JA woman's life, and
rap^^i^^ womanly diseases
STliyt§?rvy makes ft the duty
jE^S**pZ__3f of every woman
!§*ijjg3xl*»«42i -who would, avoid
\«5jl]V\ unnecessary suffer-
u^ ing to take especial
care of herself at this time.
The ills ¦which vex so many women at
the change of life are entirely avoided
or cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription. It makes weak
¦women strong, and enables, the weakest
to pass through this trying- change with
the iranquility of perfect health.
"I have been a very healthy woman, and this
tiiae has been very hard with me," writes Mrs.
Maggie Morris, of Muascn Station. Clear field
Co., Pa.. Box 16. "I am come to the time of
change of life, and I have been side a great deal
off and on. When Mrs. Hemmis moved beside
me I was sick in bed; and when she came to see
me and we were talking over our sickness, Mrs.
Hemmis told me to try Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription and ' Golden Medical Discovery,'
also * Pellets.* I got her to brinf me a bottle of
each from the drug store and I used them.
They did me a greet deal of good, and I rot two
more bottles of* Favorite Prescription.' I never
taw such a wonderful cure.- Before I com-
menced your remedies I*was rood for nothing ;
was is such misery I hardly knew what to do
with myself, now lean do all mtwwt myself
end fed -well."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are easy
rod pleasant to take.
PERFECT
Dr. Lyon's
¦ ¦mm ' m m VB%. - ¦
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
: i Hair - preparations and ¦ dandruff ; cures,
aY a ' rule.": are : sticky or irritating affairs
that do" no earthly, good. ;- Hair, when not
diseased , « grows a naturally , :~ luxurian tly.
Dandruff ; is • the ;cause 'of ? nlne^terith's : of
all hair trouble,' and dandruff is caused by
a" gerni. 1 The : only ;, way cure dandruff
is;to klirthe.germ; and," so far, the only
hair preparation ; that- will .positively-: de-
stroy « the « gerni "» Is Newbro's ! Herpicide— '
absolutely -harmless, free 'from:.- grease,
sediment, dye matter or dangerous arugs.
It f allays * itching instantly ; makes ? hair
glossyr. and . soft t as - silk. a. "Destroy ¦.:_¦ the
cause, you remove; the effect"— dandruff, v
Grows Luxuriantly.
\V hen It ' Is Free of Dandruff ; It
HAIR ¦ NATURALLY;' ABUNDANT.
-The same customers would not come in* here and
order our made-to-measure suits every time they
- needed' clothes if there was not a good strong reason
for so doing. *
Our salesbooks show that we have hundreds of
. customers' who order and reorder these $10 suits.
Isn't this proof enough for\the man who thinks a ser-
v viceable suit cannot be made to order for only $10?
/ In addition to the value he receives for mTmoney
% every customer gets protection. Present protection—
his money . back if he wants it ; future protection — a
year's repairing free. -
Samples of these suits are free for the asking.
. Suits "satisfactorily made for out-of-town custom-
ers through .our self-measuring system— write for
blank ahd r samples..
718 Market St. and
; Cop. Powell & Eddy Sts.Fifth Race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds : ' .
2570 Vasallo ...... 97| 3103 St. Sever ... 97
3158 Huachuca ...100- 2942 Muresca 90
3178 Sir Lewis ...100
Sixth Race — Seven furlongs, selling; four
years-old and upward:
Fourth Race — Five furlongs, ." selling ; three
3150 "prill Crlmmlnsll2 am^Slr Claus 109
2938 Major Bird ..112 3113 Quiet 122
3174 John H. Carr.100 3162 John Peters...ll2
3125 R. Bonner 11.109 3136 Rubino , 109
3120 Baltest ..... -119 1 3157 Dulcimer 10.
3125 Angeleno 11213125 The Maniac ..10»
3174 Bendara ..1121
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 22. — The revenu* cutter
Bear arrived here this morning from Santa
Barbara. It is announced that she- will sail
to-morrow afternoon to continue j her search
for smugglers. ¦
MODESTO, Jan. 22.— Glacomo BassoJ a
prisoner held for* the murder of Joseph
Pcgglo near this city in October last,
committed suicide early this morning by
hanging himself in the County Jail. -
Hangs Himself in Prison.
SANTA ROSA. -Jan. 22.— The United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company
to-day paid into the city -treasury the
amount of the shortage of City Marshal
and Tax Collector Charles H. Holmes,
caused by the recent alleged robbery. A
draft for $1294.13 was given into the pos
session of City Treasurer Carter. City
Marshal Holmes -was present and . the
money -was paid under his protest, ln or
der that he and the surety company may
receive their rights should .the robbery be
subsequently proved.
Hakes Good the . Shortage.
is believed that he spent that period as: a
laborer on some ranch, but he has never
given out any statement as to this point.
Mr. Ingram, at the time of his dlsappear
ar.ee, was a member of the firm of Schaw,
Ingram & Batcher, wholesale hardware
merchants. . - -
PORTLAND,- Or.." '•' Jan. < 22.— Kelly S Wiley
(colored) iwho was arrested- on a charge of rob
bing Albert Lowenthal of worth of
diamonds ,' in the Hotel Portland . two months
ago was to-day sentenced to seven years in the
Woodmen, Plan a "Log-Bolling.'»
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.— The Woodmen 'of
;the \v6rld % .will hold a big "log-rolling" ; in
this city- on the evening of March 22,
when they expect to initiate 300 candi
dates. Turn Verein Hall has been en
gaged.. Members of , Alamo. Camp of this
city are making arrangements ¦ for ' the
gathering, which will be the most impor
tant assemblage of Woodmen ever held
la Santa Clara. County.'
¦ Filth -race/ selling-, one mile — Jena . won,
Kingstelle second. Pirate's Queen. third. - Time.
l:45.%:i.' v >, : -,.;,<¦ ,.--¦. .,,,.,- : - : . -I. ¦
, Sixth: race, ;- tl Mvcn furlongs — Choir Master
won.-Trentham second, Frank.- Jonea third.
Time, 1:29%.. ; :.',. , : -,\;-: % ¦ - . : - ,;*:- ..;.'
; First . race, selling;, six f urlonga-^Lady Al
berta' won, 'Free Coinage second. Fickle Saint
third. .-Time, '1:14.;-,,.. ;'-• . ••• - ; . .'.< ,
Second - race, selling, • mil© and ¦ an • eighth—
Lindenelia.:Won;' Prince Real second, Socapa
third. Time, 1:65%. V/ , ... : ..' . .. ,,
:¦• Third •> race, . steeplechase handicap, 'short
course — Falella • won. ¦ Old Fox second. - Golden
Link third. Time,. 3:01. - '-.<¦• ¦ ¦'-,
'¦' Fourth; race handicap, six- furlongs — Andes
won, Nellie Waddeir aecdnd, Maggie " Davis
third. -Time, 1:13 »/4. ., .. •- ;......
, ; NEW: ORLEANS,- Jan. 22.— Crescent City re
sults:;. . .. '..•¦'¦--'' : .' '...;.-.'';':'"'\
Racing at ! New Orleans.
-SACRAMENTO, Jan. 22.— William '-¦- In
gram;'-the'¦former., hardware merchant,"
who /disappeared - last May. and, returned
a" couple of ;• weeks" ago, has ; arrived at a
settlement with' his, wife and will take. up
his '; residence in some ; city.>' other than
Sacramento. ' It v.as expected , that In
gram" would sue his wife, for divorce, but
this action has been averted by the agree
ment reached to-day. . :.' '¦'' ¦ ¦ ¦ •.
• By the terms of this agreement, money
on deposit in this' city, amounting 1 to $28
000, : is divided equally between husband
and .wife. Real estate, valued-at 55000, in
Mrs::. Ingram' s name, -shall, remain- with
her, » and - tho :. two shall ' live apart. • • Om>
of < the two i children 'shall -live with the
father.', the other v with the mother; % \
: Thus ; ends ', one : of ; the . strangist Leases
recorded in local annals. In May last In
gram left , the city -penniless. , For more
than; eight months t hla whereabouts re
mained unknown, even to detectives. .It
His Wife Arrive at a Set-,
, : . '-'I tlement. ¦ \ •
Former' Sacramento 'Merchant and
WILLIAM INGEAM 5 ,WILL
' U NOT SUE FOB DIVOBCE
SAN JOSE. Jan. 22.-^Guests of the St
James Hotel, ..where the Orpheum Road
Company, that played at Victory Theater,
stopped, were : aroused ¦ last -night by a
tragedy outside the company's repertoire/
Agios and his wife, , the equilibrists, 1 were
the principals, while the hotel guests, one
of whom was armed with a revolver
made up an enraged audience.' , ' - : *'
At midnight shrieks from the 'woman
aroused the guests. She and her husband
evidently had quarreled; she had. tried to
escape from the room and he had caught
her. Agios could be heard beating his
wife's head against the wall and the room
shook with the violence of the blows. It
was feared she would be seriously injured'
Guests gathered in the hall and demand
ed that Agios cease beating the woman
One. lodger had a revolver and it took his
wife and another guest to prevent him
breaking in the door to attack Agios." ¦ "
The hotel clerk ordered Agios to ; desist
or leave . the hotel at once. Mrs. ACI03
could be heard moaning most of the night
From what other members . of the com
pany intimate,' this was not Agios' first
offensa. . ' ¦ N
' '- j : ¦ !,-'¦'.¦ ¦:••'¦ ¦¦'•.¦'
EQUILIBRIST . AGLOS ;
MISTREATS HIS WIFE
*¦.. t • ¦ ¦ - ¦ - ' ¦;. • : --.
Quests in a San Jose Hotel Enraged
by the Vaudeville Star's r
¦ Brutality.: , \
¦ OAKLiAlsD.^Jan.: 22.— The management
of the .Reliance Club announces that both
Gufeather and Snailham . have completed
tneir training for their bout- for the coast
bantam-weight ; championship Friday
night arid will have no trouble-In weigh
ing, in under the. limit. Both fighter's, are
confident of winning. | though . realizing
that their previous ' contests show them
to' be very .; evenly ; matched. The recent
draw; which they fought aroused so much
rancor Un" .both- ¦ camps .that . each" > has
trained with the utmost care, GHfeather
.under' 1 the' tiiitldn of 'Jack O'Brien,, "Doc"
Fly mi; and Frank 'Rafael, and Snailham
under Alex Greggains. . . '' '-. . . '¦:'. •'.-.,
"Kid'.'. McFadaen has .been promised a
match with the. winner upon agreeing to
get down to 115 pounds. ... ¦¦¦¦¦ .
The second -event of the evening is .the
go between "Doc". Flynn : and Toby Ir
win, which - was -once prevented , by .' the
interference of '¦ friends at the conference
at .which the. match was arranged. ¦ .The
fight will settle a long-standing, grudge
between -the. pair. They will me£t.at'13S
pounds. V. ,•: ¦•'.•-.: . ...•¦ ¦: I; ,-, . •
The two main events Will be preceded
by a six-round preliminary contest. • .
at Approaching Glove Contests
'¦'¦¦". Between Bantams.
Strong Card Offered by Reliance Club
FIGHTERS BEADY FOB .
CHAMPIONSHIP BOUT
Even the earliest -settlers were not
aware that the town was on ground pat
ented by the Government, and as they
never dreamed of being disturbed in the
possession of their ..homes no effort has
been made . to look into the tifle of the
property. ;. -. ' > \' • : : ¦• : ¦¦• ¦¦¦ -
.• Havilah first came into prominence In
1866; ¦ Hvheh. gold was < discovered* there.:
When Kern County was organized 'in 1866
Havilah became the county seat and .Te
mained as. such : .until 1873, when the
county seat was • moved to Bakersfleld.
No title to the land on which, the town
.was I located: . has . ever ,- passed from ¦.. the
Government,* and a recent survey showed
that it was within the forest reserve. An
investigation , was conducted : by Forest
Superintendent C. . S. Newhall of Fresno.
I As :Kern" County, ; which, prior to 186(5,
formed: portions of Los Angeles and Tii
lare' counties, has builded -up 'in various
sections, ¦ Havilah has -retro
graded-and has developed; into a place of
but- little importance. ; It is now merely
a station, with a few residences, a, store
or two,' several saloons and a' blacksmith
shop;"' ".:•'¦-. ""= •¦.-• •_ '•¦,-.;•¦. .;•¦- ¦¦¦ : '.'--- -:
j BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 22.-Havilah, for
merly the county seat of Kern County
and in early days one of the most pros-
perous and lively towns In the surround
ing mountain section, Is found to be lo
catedvwithin the Government forest.re
serve. In consequence the residents of
the town will . be ' forced to vacate, unless
the- Government authorities . are induced'
to change \ present . conditions, j The citi
zens-of ¦ Havilah have been notified and
steps will be taken to present the matter
to Congress. l ' - : --,'.'¦-¦ ' . >
It is learned that Grosh held a confer
ence with the woman in the jail. He
promised her that if she would have noth
ing more to do with Hall he would do all
that he could to help her out of this
trouble and then send her back to her
parents. She did not weaken, but main
tained a coolness that gave him no en
couragement. She refused to forsake
Grosh is here to do all in his power to
assist in sending Hall to the penitentiary
According to rumor, the two men have
met before and at one qf their meetings
in Albuquerque, N. M., ! weapons^Vere
drawn and a shot fired. Hall succeeded in
winning Grosh's wife, away from him,
Grosh purposes gaining revenge by helD
ing to send Hall to tne penitentiary -
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 22.-D. E. Grosh of
Del Rio, Tex., an engineer on the South
ern Pacific, arrived in San Diego this af
ternoon and is a guest at the Horton
House. He is here to attend the trials
of H. R. Hall and Bessie Hall, the alleged
diamond thieves. Hall was a night oper
ator and station agent of the Santa Fe,
and -was arrested for looting baggage left
at the depot. He and his alleged sister
were found to have opened the trunks
of Senator Stowell of , New York and
abstracted $2500, worth of diamonds
Grosh it is said, is the husband of Bes
sie Hall, the alleged sister of H.-R. Hall
He is registered aV the hotel as "E Rose
of Perry Iowa." He does not admit the
relationship, but answers to the name of
Grosh. . . • •; . ,
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 22.— For the first time
this winter snow appeared on the summits
of the Mount Hamilton range this morn
ing. Sufficient rain has already fallen Uo
.permit plowing in some localities, but
more is wanted to meet the requirements
of other sections. The grass is starting
up. The rainfall for January to date was
.40 of .an inch; for the season 4 inches.'-}
PASO ROBLES, Jan. 22.— A good show
er fell here last night, amounting to '.37
Ot. an inch. Grain and grass are looking
.well. The weather has cleared.
, . NAPA, Jan. 22.— Fifty-four hundredths
of an inch of rain fell here last night. \
SAN MIGUEL, Jan. 22.— Another show
er, amounting to .28 of an inch, fell last
night. Farmers are resuming the work of
seeding. • .•;....¦•
MONTEREY, Jan. 22.-Another splendid
rain visited this entire district last night.
The precipitation was only .92 of an inch
since Monday, but the rain was soaking
and has done much good to crops.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 22.— Twenty-one
hundredths of an inch of rain fell in this
city last night and this morning, and
slight storms are reported from various
sections of the county. The storm missed
San Emedio,- Lakeside and Mojave. Two
inches of snow fell last night at Tc—
hachapi. and this, -taken' with the recent
rain and snow storms there,' Insures green
feed.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 22.— A brief but
heavy shower, amounting to about .03 of
an Inch, fell at this place at. 4 o'clock
this morning. The rain will be of great
value in conserving the moisture of the
shower of last Saturday night. Indica
tions are excellent for. rain to-night. ¦¦.
SAN DIliiGO, Jan. 22.— Rain began to
fall here at 7 o'clock, this morning and
continued for an hour, the precipitation
being .18 of an inch. There is no pros
pect of further rain, except, possibly,
scattering showers. . .
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 22.— Rain com
menced falling at midnight and contin
ued until about 6 o'clock this morning,
in which time about a third of an Inch
fell. The wind continues in the south
east and the chances for. further precipi
tation are Bood. .
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— A light, driz
zling rain began falling at 2:30 o'clock
this morning and continued until 5:30
o'clock. The precipitation up to 5 o'clock
was ,10 of an Inch and about .02 fell after
that hour. To-day was clear, with no im
mediate prospect of a heavy downpour.
Light showers may be expected along
the coast and possibly in the interior.
Havilab , Kern County, Is
on Government
Land.
Arrangements are' completed for the an
nual reception and ball of Ignatian Coun
cil No. 35, Young Men's Institute, which
will, be held in Native Sons* Hall, to-mor
iow evening. The grand march will start
at 8:45 p. m., and dancing- will conclude
at midnight.
Ignatian Council Ball.
Will Help'to Convict the
Man Who Wrecked
/His Home. v
Enough Moisture to Lay
the Dust in Los
Angeles. ¦
The regular monthly meeting- of the San
Francisco Woman's Christian Temperance
Union was held yesterday at the State
headquarters. 1S2 McAllister street. Mrs.
Alice E. Bradley presided. Mrs. A. L.
JeiiTiess of the flower mission department
rendered an interesting report.
Temperance Society Meeting.
HUSBAND TAKES
SWEET REVENGE
Thomas Hutchinson, who was formerly
<mployed by J. B. Blanchard, contractor,
Lobos street, was arrested yesterday on
». warrant ehargring him with felony em
l-ezzlement. Blanchard alleges that on
January 15 he gave Hutchinson $S0 to pav
seme of his men and Hutchinson kept the
money.
Hutchinson Kept the Money.
SOUTHLAND GETS
LIGHT SHOWERS
Sydney M. Smith was born in Boston in
1842 and came to California before he had
reached his* sixteenth year, arriving at
San Francisco In 1857. Soon after his ar
rival he found a position with the Cutting-
Packing Company, one of the largest and
most important concerns on the coast,
and his connection with the company was
maintained until severed by his death.
San Francisco.
WAS A CALIFORNIA PIONEER.
Sydney M. Smith's Fortune Made in
Pearl Spencer, who was a chorus girl at
the Tivoli and who resides at. 435 Grove
street, disappeared from home yesterday
morning, leaving a note to Inform her
mother that, because she had had trou
ble with her sweetheart, she 'was tired
of life and intended to commit suicide.
Her absence from home was reported to
the Morgue officials and a vigorous searcH
was made for her. The search was of no
avail and her mother was commencing to
give up hope, when the young lady re
turned of her own accord to her. home.
Chorus Girl Leaves Home.
TOWN MUST MOVE
OFF RESERVATION
Third Race — Three and a half furlongs
purse; maiden two-year-olds:
3109 J. McGowan. .110 ..... Ora Viva .... 113
3072 Dotterel 110 3181 Adirondack :. 110
3169 The Phantom.. 110 3163 Mi Reina ....105
Second Race — Five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and upward:
(1339)Marcato 117 3157 Constable . 101
.... Lemuel 104 31BS Ural . 103
3160 Fidel Yolin ..105 2865 The Gaffer 113
3065 Victoria S .. 89 3058 Berendos ... 103
3118 Hilary .......107 3049 Patsy Dolan..ll5
3084 Cath. Bravo.. 101 3161 Ingo 94'
Track Notes.
J. Ransch reached the wire first astride
two winners.
• Green Morris need not mourn the loss of
one purse, for Durazzo will experience lit
tle difflcutly in leaving the maiden class.
Rio de Altar, a starter in the last race
feir. injuring himself so badly thai it was
with difficulty he finally managed to limp
back to the Baldwin stable. Ransom
escaped with a mud bath.
: Following are the entries for. this after
noon's, events: ;, .. : ....,,
First Race^-Mile and fifty yards, selling*:
four-year-olds and upward : .
3131 Nilgar .....;. ll!>j 3168 Newstratherer 109
3127 Bob Palmer. ..Ill I 3160 Rushflelds no
3156 Rim Rock, . . .1071 3084 William • F " *1<»
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Jan. 22.— Al Wei
nig- and Dan Creedon fought for a $1OX>
purse to-night. In the ninth round Benny
Murphy, trainer and second of Credon,
threw up the sponge. A local man backed
Oreedon for $500 against a like amount
of Weinigr's money. After the fifth round
Creedon was kept busy trying- to avoid a
knockout. Weinig was fresh at the finish
and but for some bad gashes on his face
seemed little the worse for wear, while
Oreedon. now nearly 40 years old, was all
but ready to drop. Creedon announces his
retirement from the ringr*
Weinig Defeats Dan Creedon.
Mr. Smith was a member of the Bo
hemian Club. Though a public man in
one sense of the word, he was a home
loving husband and father, averse to no
toriety of any sort. He took only a quiet
part in politics, but on • account of his
high character and eminent qualifications
he was : prominently mentioned for the
Republican nomination for Mayor in 1900."
Mr. Smith was married in 1S65! to Miss
Greene, a Boston lady, sister of Charles
S. Greene of the Oakland Public Library,
and a descendant of* General Nathaniel
Greene of Revolutionary fame. She, with
their three daughters, Mrs. Lonsdale and
Misses Helen E. and Bertha J. Smith,
survives him.
Mr. Smith at one time owned a beau
tiful country .home near San Rafael,
which'he presented to his daughter Ethel
on the occasion . of her marriage to Lieu
tenant Lonsdale, who lost his life in the
Samoan troubles In April, 1899.
Going In first as an under clerk, he
passed successively by rapid promotion to
the positions of head salesman, manager
and vice president and tinally he became
president of the company. ¦ /
Though always giving close attention to
the affairs of this concern, in which he :
laid the foundation of his fortune, he
was a stockholder and director in various
other enterprises, such as the Figprune
Cereal Company; the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works, the' Pacific Sheet Metal
Works and the Phoenix and Maricopa
Railroad Company in Arizona, of which
he was elected president on the death of
N. TC. Masten some time ago.
Special stake,- 'flfty-two entries — F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys vs. Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face; G. Nethercott's Freda C vs. Chiarini
Bros.' White Hat; O. Zahl's Homer Boy vs..
C. W. Bonar's .Wild Norah; J. Shea's Shadow
vs. G. Sharman's Firm Fellow; A. Vander
white's.Lear King vs.J. L.. Ross' Mayflower;
G. Sharman's Little Sister vs. J. Markland's
The Grafter; -E. Geary'9 Ireland vs. A. R.
Curtis' Kibosh; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer
vs. Chiarini Bros.' Dewdrop; Chiarini Bros.'
Tame Tralee vs. P. Doyle's Liberator; C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. K. Geary's Fannie
KuKhie; Sterl &¦ Knowles" Oleta vs. E, Geary's
America; T. J. Croiiiri'n Tralee Boy vs. D. J.
Healey's. Tiburon;. A,,R. Curtis' Vulcan vs.
J. L. Ross* Fontenoy; D/;Walsh's Sacramento
Boy vs. H. Lynch' s A. ' J.*' Martin ; A. R. Cur
tis' Narcissus vs. J. Dowllng's Sir • Lawrence ;
A R. Curtis' . Charta vs. G. Nethercott's Hick
ory Dick; Aeneid ' Kennels' - Fine Fire vs. . J.
L. Ross' Game. Boy; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells
vs. A. R." Curtis' Anchor; J: Cane's Greenhall
vs. D. Sllva'fl Master Rocket; Pasha Kennels'
Kocker vs. T. .J. 'Cronin's Vandal; Chiarini
Bros.' Santonin vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha;
A R. Curtis' Loyal Lad vs. D. J. "Healey's
Tapioca; Sterl' & Know.les' Freeze Out-vs.-H.
H. Gray's Rona; Pasha Kennels' Real' Article
vs. H. Lynch' s Lilac; E. Geary's Fenil vs.
J. Carroll's Master Clair; • E. Geary's Ruby
Sankey vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aeolus.
Open -stake, sixty-four entries^ — J: Trades'
Belle Rocket vs. J: Hurley's O K Capitol; H.
Lynch' s Melrose Lad vs. J. Quinn" s Royal
Tick; G. Sharman's Sir Pasha vs. G. D.
Frantz's Dorothy M; Ti Coleman's Cotton Ball
vs. S. A. Smith's Shaughraun; D. Roach's AH
Green vs. : J. Hurley's Grammercy; C. Glock's
Alameda Lad vs. D. N. Whiteslde's Flowery
Friend; T. Toronto vs. Chiarini Bros."
Sempronins; P. J. Reilly"s Royal Union vs P.
J. Rellly's Honesty; O. " Zahl's O'Hara vs.
Kelly & Hahley'e Lusmagh Lass; L. M. Con
nell's Black Coon vs> P. M. Clarkson's Sofala;
W. C. de B. Lopez's Peplta vs. W. C. Badger's
Alert; J. Shea's Slim- vs. H. .Perlgo's Lady
Davenport; Kelly' & Hanley's Fearful • Ship vs.
li. S. Barre's Boodle Boy; W. --C. Glasson's
Lady Sears vs.. J. L. Ross* Herschel's Pride;
B. Senderman's Comlque vs. W. Hood's, Dolly
Grey; F. Rogers' Arbaces vs. W. Cairns' Im
perial: S. A. Smith's Injury vs. J. Connolly's
New.- Moon; Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy vs. H.
Schaefer'8 Fair Glen; Pasha Kennels' Rustic
Arbor vs. H. Lynch's Clartse; P. Mullarky's
Mamie Pleasant vs. P,. SteinhofTs Veto; C.
Glock's Lord Freedom vs: D. AVelkand's Flor
anthe; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel vs.. F.
Rodgers' Glaucus; J.' Hurley's Living Picture
vs. P. Dc-yle'B'Thelma; Pasha Kennels'- ' Real
Aristocrat vs. D. Erskine's Lavender; L. H.
Homan's Annie Coleman vs. E. l Geary's Roy
Hughie; H. Lynch'e : Black Bart vs. J. Con
nell'a Cozy;' G. Graham^ Lady Newark vs.
Pasha Kennels' Lawrence; A.' Bonacich's I Lily
H vs. A. McLeod's Royal Friend; Kelly &
Hanley's -Precita Maid- vs. J. Carroll's Auck
land; Pasha Kennels' Roving Nomad vs. w.i
Cairns' Oold Ore; XI. Geary's Fair Oaks vs. M.'
Kolander's Master, Whalen; T. Maher's Bad
Boy vs, L. M. Connell'a St. Helen. , '
One • hundred j and sixteen greyhounds
will be in the running at. Union Coursing
Park this week. Fifty-two have been en
tered in the special stake and sixty-four
in an open event. -Both will be run down
once on Saturday. The draw last night
resulted as follows : ' : - . . •
SPLEDY GREYHOUNDS
.. IN A SPECIAL STAKE
Large Entry Received for the Cours
ing Events for This Week at
Union Park.- - : "Mi
SAN FRANCISCO CAPITALIST
TO WHOM DEATH CAME
UNEXPECTEDLY.
E. C. Harrlncton. Morris Levy. Alex Greg
gains, James Kenney and Charles Summer
lu<i. Committee on rules and regulations:
William Quinn, Henry W'essa, Samuel Lav
erich, Joe Bell and I). Denehy.
President, Morris Levy: vice, president,
Charles Leonhardt; secretary. E. C. Harring
ton;, financial secretary, Robert Ellis: treas
urer) John Ferris. Directors — M. Machon,
Keystone Club; T. GHfeather. Brooklyn Club;
L.. Bearwald. Hay^s Valley Club; G. . Lamp
man. Bay City Club; C. Summerlad, Golden
Gate Club.
The registration committee consists of:
The men interested in promoting so
called amateur boxing contests and who
are opposed to having the sport under the
jurisdiction of the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union, have organ
ized unden the name of the Western Ama
leur Association. The following officers
were elected yesterday:
Wish to Govern Amateur Boxing.
Coroner Kell was summoned, but as a
physician was present at Mr. Smith's
death an inquest was not deemed neces
sary. The body was removed to Wood
row's undertaking parlors, where it was
placed in a casket. At 2:40 o'clock this
afternoon the remains, accompanied by
the grief-stricken widow, were taken to
San Francisco.
Mr. Smith's demise was due to paraly
sis of the heart. He had been suffering
from a weak heart for some time, and the
hurried trip after the umbrella was too
much exertion and brought on the fatal
stroke.
As they were about to board the car
Mr. Smith thought of an umbrella he had
left on the train. He turned and hastened
back, running slowly toward the cars. He
had got the umbrella and stepped from
the train when he suddenly sank uncon
scious to the platform. •
The unfortunate man was picked up
and carried into Wells-Fargo Express of
fice, where he was seated in a chair; Dr.
D. L. Deal of this city was at the sta
tion and attended Mr. Smith. The latter
never regained consciousness and death
came in a few minutes.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.— Sydney M.
Smith of San Francisco died sud
denly at the broad gauge station
this forenoon, shortly after he
. .had alighted from a train from
the metropolis. Mr. Smith, accompanied
by Mrs. Smith, had come to the city to
attend a meeting of the board of directors
of the Figprune Cereal Company, ln
which he is heavily interested. They ar
rived en the 10:55 o'clock train, and after
alighting started across Bassett street to
take a First-street car.^ It was Mrs.
Smith's intention to stop at the St.
James Hotel while her husband attended
to business affairs. ¦, "
The first' person wounded was Walter
Pennington. The buHet entered his stom
ach and passed through him. He then
opened fire, and in an instant the shooting
became general. The two Dipper ts .were
standing together and had no chance to
get under cover. Henry was struck by
a bullet . and dropped dead. Antone's
wound is- In; the side and it Is ¦ believed
will not prove dangerous. Havkvath was
shot while trying to get out of range.
When the shooting ceased it was found
that White and Odom had been killed.
White ¦ was dying . with his pistol cocked
and ready to fire. -He and Odom were ly
ing close together.' Walter Pennington
was carried to the hotel, where he. now
lies, in a dying condition. His father,
Elihu Pennington, was struck only once,
the . ball ¦ plowing through the scalp, on
the left side. of his head, i ~ . ' '.'
There was no outbreak until the parties
met at 'the station, where a • large crowd
was assembled awaiting the train. Just
how the affair started no one seems to
know definitely, ¦ but it is generally claim
ed that the first hostile act was committed
by the Odom faction. - . /
. The case of Walter Pennington, under
indictment' for the murder of . J. C. Odom,
a brother of Milam Odom and a half-;
brother "of Raymond j White, was called
in the District Court to-day, and a large
number , of . people came here , from ". Wallis
at witnesses, among them relatives of J.
C. Odom.. . • ...
The fatally ; wounded man is . Walter
Pennington, shot through the bowels, the
bullet going 5 entirely through the body.
The wounded are.Elihu Pennington, scalp
wound; -Antone Dippert: of Belleville, a
bystander, flesh wound in the side; John
Haykvath of Sealey, a bystander, bullet
through foot:-, " f . ' - ; ¦
HENRY DIPPERT, a bystander.'
BELLEVILLE, i Tex.", Jan. 22.— Three
men were • killed, . one was ..fatally 1 woundr
ed ahd'three. others were slightly. wounded
ih.a fight at the railroad station 4 here at
6 o'clock this , evening." The dead are:
RAYMOND WHITE, constable at Wal
lis." .¦ y-J>-:-:; ' ''v ¦ .: ;.-•-• , •• ]>-/¦¦; ',¦
MILAMODOM, his half-brother.
The league officials will meet again
¦when the various committees are ready to
report. %
Each team will be provided with two
sets of uniforms, one for use on the home
grounds and one when playing away from
home. This season the umpires will wear
distinctive uniforms.
The annual meeting of the California
Baseball League was held last night at
the Palace Hotel, a lot of important busi
ness being disposed of.' . . .
The Sacramento franchise, over which
there has been much discussion and spec
ulation, was awarded to Michael Fisher
of Sacramento. The league still consists
of the four clubs of which.it was com
posed last year. There was no change in
the .management of the clubs other than
Sacramento.
The season this year will extend over a
period of eight months, opening on Sat
urday, April 5, and closing December 7.
Games will be played in this city and in
Sacramento every Thursday, Friday, Sat
urday and Sunday. Games will be played
in Oakland every Wednesday afternoon
and Sunday morning. In Los Angeles the
teams will play Thursday, Friday, Satur
day and Sunday morning and afternoon.
This gives Oakland and Los Angeles, an
extra game each series. ,
The officers elected for the year are: J.
T. Moran, president; Eugene F. Bert, vice
president; James H. Anderson, secretary;
Theodore Goodman, treasurer. The exec
utive committee is made up of the officers
and the managers of the clubs.'
Messrs. Morley and Harris were ap
pointed a committee on schedules; Morley
and Ewing were appointed a committee
on playing rules. • .
President Moran was empowered to se
lect umpires and was given absolute juris
diction over them.
Factions Quarrel After Trial
and Bullets Are Ex-
.
Coming League Season Will
Extend From April to
December.
. As things transpired, Rollick showed to
be pounds.the best of the if our, starters in
the mile selling ' event. . The Burns &
Waterhouse horse, a 0 to 10 favorite, was
slow to get J away from the barrier, but
experienced little difficulty in getting to
the front,.':; defeating .- Decoy with ease.
Wyoming ran .third, a head In advance of
Herculean. '•--.;•.• ¦ , >.
r "Plunger"- Lewis made a mild' "killing"
over the win of the concluding- race by
his recent purchase, Pompino. The books
laid 4% and 5 to 1, against the gelding, and
with See up,, he disposed of Redwald and
a big bunch of platers without much ef
fort. At post time the winner closed equal
favorite with Pat Morrissey. ; .
• Mountebank, backed from- 10 down to 5/
was cut loose for a- good thing In the
futurity course sprint with. a field of .ten
going to the post, and won almost by
himself. Light Ball, another well sup
ported outsider, beat Harry Thatcher out
for the place. Foul Play, the heavily
played, favorite, got away from the post
poorly, never showing in a prominent po
sition. . . *
: More than likely the major portion of
the bookmakers did not put • in a profit
able day as five favorites came through,
all well played. Neither was there any
consolation for the 'pencilers in the win
of Mountebank for although .it was a
mild surprise the odds against the dut
sider were forced down from 10 to 6. The
track was muddy, but not holding.
In the Point Arena handicap for three
year-olds, over a .mile, the. $10,000 black
colt Corrigan, owned by Burns & Water
house, made his reappearance. Carrying
110 pounds and well backed at 8 to 5, he
was sadly buffeted abouc the first quarter
of a mile. Ransch kept him headed for
the front and he" won at leisure. Milas
Could not untrack himself in the going,
so Commissioner ¦ Forster secured ¦; the
place, two lengths ahead of Halmetta.
Redan retired after displaying a neat turn
of speed for half the distance. i
! Frank Phillips' Moabina took the open
ing sprint for maiden three-year-old fillies,
Jlayed from 5 to 2 to. 8 to 5 favoritism,
onnny Woods, who had the mount, took
the lead turning into the stretch and. won
easily, five lengths before Jungfrau, the
Schreiber entry. . Tibs, a 75 to 1 shot, fin
ished third. . ¦ • i»".*
favorite • for ¦ the -. two-year-old
dash, yesterday at Oakland j track. After
some deliberation his mount was disqual
ified by the judges; a decision giving gen
eral satisfaction.,- Not that. O'Connor, is
not just as popular as " ever, but it was
plainly, apparent to all close observers
that he had overstepped the limit on this'
occasion in his . eagerness to win. j Duraz
zo,-a good-looking chestnut 'colt_ from
Green Morris' stable, and -10. to Tin the
ring, struck the stretch second to Alta
wan, with Mounce on the 1' to 3 favorite
taking matters quietly in third position.
As Mounce set down to ride O'Connor,
who had now assumed the lead with the
Morris colt, carried Sylvia out and about
a furlong from the wire gave her a bump
that nearly put the Schreiber filly out of
.business completely. Durazzo won by a
length, but on Mounce's claim of foul
was set back to last position. This gave
the race to Sylvia Talbot, with Adiron
dack second and Altawan third.
TO use the language of tHe riders,
¦Winnie , O'Connor, .- on Durazzo
"handed a bunch"' to Mounce, 1
piloting Sylvia Talbot, the j. to 3
for Sacramento
ClubjVf; r
Is Awarded Franchise
Corrigan Captures the Handicap Without Effort-=Five
Favorites Finish First.
Statioru
Three Men Are Killed
£ at a Texa^ Railway
THE. GALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBACK— Wednesday. Jan. 22.— •Weather fine- Trgck^ jmoddy.
3170/: FIRST RACE 5Yi furlongs; •' selling: .maiden- three-year-olds fillies: to first. $325.
~" ; r—-, — ~ ~ ~ ; : ' Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. OP- CL
3125" Moabina f. ...... .107 ~T~ : 3 2-12-14 15 F. Phillip* J. Woods 2 8-»
. .. Jun-frau .. ..112 5 76 6h 22 2 4 B. Schreiber Mounce 5 «
K0S2 Tibs r 107 » 0 8 2 6»1- 3h McDonald & Dunlap.. See 40 75
S157 Yi-ula '""""112 2 4% 41 4n 4 3 J. C. Nealon... O'Connor ,» 9-2
¦3077 S iikk""" 107 8 6% 7 4 ; 6 V4 5n ' P. Sheridan ...... Ransch 4 0-i
3125 Knockinea 112 7 8?9 -81 &n C. Karl & Co. -Matthews 8 . 10
3125 Mete O ro S . 9 ..V.V::.lOT 5 ilh 2 2 '3n 7% J P Stewart J. Daly 15 2»
i.1'(i7 Oratossa ........107 1 5 4.. 6 2 £ h 81. A B. SpreckeJs.. Jackson lft 1|>
3065 Sterling Towera.. 107 6 2h 319 8 Musto & Ruiz. Hoar 8 lj
Time V. -25% • V, -51%- 5%f, 1:11- Good start. Won ealily. Second and third driving.
Winner F Phillips' b f. by Bradford-Clever. .Winner best. Jungfrau ran gamely.
Yrsula will improve: Annie Max away t>onr ly._. _ggg^*" g?_?_?! L J'A-5 nc _^f^- C -Sl—^-^w
31 SO. SECOND RACK— Futurity course; selling; fonr-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
" ~" ~< ; "~Z . " Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. lj. \. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. OP- CL
2871 : Mountebank. 6..-.10S 3 12 15 T~» 110 Miles Finlan... .Vlckery 8 «
30«» Light Ball. 4..... 103 2 4 3 2 1 21 2% A. H.Vivell.... Jackson 6 A
olil Har. Thatcher. 5..107 4-3 *, ; * 1 '3 %¦ 3 3 W. Johnson ... .See 8 10
2794 Buck Taylor. 6... 107 10 5 h & 2 4 1 4 n J. C. Nealon... J. Woods 10 li
3131 Foul Play. 5..... .110 7 83.61 6254 Nichols & Bowley..Mnce 2 5-2
3083 Intrada. 4........101 9 93 '71 7 1 Bl E. J. Wheeler..^J Daly 30 100
3160 Mallakwa. 6 110 5 2131 5 h 7 ji D. Cameron ... .Bullman 5 10
3155 Antolee. 4 104 8 61 '88 89 .8 10 D. Honig OConnor . 10
8145 Pupil. 5.. ;107 1 . 7 5 0 8 ' 9 10 Oil) C.Llnd. •+?* na , c , h £
3172 Woeful. 4.. 103 6 10 10 10 10 I. Morehouse... Donnelly SO 100
Time— To Y*. :22; to %. :46%; last %. 1:02%: short %. 1:12%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and- third driving. Winner. Miles Finlan's ch. g. by Montana-Pert. Mounte
bank spreadeagled his field. Thatcher can run some ln the mud. Buck Taylor came from,
far back. Pupil badly messed about. Foul Play, heavily played, away none too well.
I ¦ Scratched— gjgel'roulinl05^St :^Rlra^
I 3181. THIRD RACK— Three and ahalf furlongs; two-year-olds^ _to first. $325.
~T ~ ' j 7. ~ ! ¦ ~ '< I Betting.
IndexfHorse and 'Welght.|St. : %. v %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
:'.„.' Durazzo 118 2 ... « 2 1 1 % «1 1 G, B. Morris.. O'Connor 8 10
(3169) Sylvia Talbot..... 115 4 r ... 3 1: 2 4 .2 5 B. Schretber Mounce 1-3 1-3
3109 Adirondack ..:... 109 8 ... 4 2 3h 3 '4 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 3 5
.... Altawan .... 115 3 ... 11 4 4 4 4 Burns & Watrhs.-Bullmn •• ••
.... Delsegno ....... .118 1. .:. -64 5i: 5n Chlnn & Forsyth-.Conley 20 60
-Organdie 115 7 ... I -6J 6 4 W. McDonough.-.Shlelds 10_ 2O
31C3 Clarinette . . . 98 6. ..." 5 h' 7 7 Burlingame S. F..Jacksn Iff IS
Time— %. :24%; 3%f.,:43. Good sUrt. • Won first three driving. Winner. B. Schreiber' s
ch. f. by Balgowan-Parolee.. Mounce waited too long with the favorite. When he did
move, was carried out and bumped by Durazzo. Latter is a fair colt. •Disqualified for
. fouling and placed last. "Coupled with Adirondack. Scratched — Arabo lOti.
3182. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
_ T j . _ . _ __ _ r ___ , , , . _____
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y*. %. Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3156) Rollick. 4 104 4 2 1% 1 h 1 1% 1 2 "Burns & Watrbs.Ransch 6-5 9-10
(3033) Decoy. 5 ... .107 1 lh 2 2 ' ' 2 n\ 2 n George Miller.. O'Connor 5 4
(3148) Wyoming. *a. 109 2 3 % 3 n 3 2 3 h Brown & Co.-.J. Woods 3 4
3171 Herculean, 5 109 3 4 4 4 4 fb; V. Bell Bullman 5 6
Time— 1/4, :26; %, :51H; %, 1:16%; mile, 1:43. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Away
poorly, Rollick pounds the best. Wyoming not partial to muddy going.
3183. ¦ FIFTH RACE— One mile; Point Arena handicap; three-year-olds; to first. *$50O.
Index Horse and Weight. St. y*. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(2311) Corrlgan 110 6 6 411112 Burn3 & Watrhs. Ransch * 8-5 7^5
3148 Com. Forster ...105 3 2 n 3 n 3 2 • 2 2 J. W. Schorr.. .J. Woods a' 7-2
31BV Halmetta 95 2 4 1 5 3" 53 3 n - VV. H. Ketcheman-.Jackn 2O 15
3143 Ishtar 100 531 2n 4 243 Burlingame Farm. ..Daly 10 15
3039 Redan..'.. 108 4 .12 12 2% 5 15 P. Guilfoyle See 5 13
3158 Milas 107 1 5n 6 6 6 Jennings & Co. ¦ Bullman 2 3
Time— V*. :25}4; %, :50; %. 1:16%; mile, 1:43%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
, third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by Saln-Ada Reese. Jostled and
. cut oft on two or three occasions the first quarter, winner showed to be much the best.
Too far for Ishtar. Redan stopped. Milas couldn't gallop in the going.
3184. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age." Weight. St." %. %. Str.- Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op! "cl
-3154* Pompino.-a 105 1 4 h 2 % 1 1 12 H. Lewis See 4~ 4
3003 Redwald, 5 .107 2 2 1112 2 2 2 Jennings & Co.. Bullman 8 9
3171 Bard Burns, 4.... Ill 7 753532 32 D. S. Fountain... Mounce 4 5
(3168) San Venado, a... 110 5 32 4143 4 3 T. T. Rector. . .O'Connor 10 8
3171 Pat Morrisey. a.. 107 11 10 15 7 1 51 51 Dr. Rowell. .J. Matthews 4 '4
2943 The Singer, 5 107 3 6h H5 6261 Magrane &. Co...Troxler 12 1*
3087 Quiz II. 4 102 4 In 51 7 1 7% J. M. Crane Ranach 10 13
3171 Grand Sachem. a..lO5 8 81 S?« S?n SIX i Ji Moran Hoar 10 12
3087 Cuban Girl, 4.... 100 6 .5 19 10 9 10 9 10 P. Corrigan Jackson 12 7
.... Arbaces. a 122 10 H 10 10 10 Stemler & Co. .. .Tullett m 100
2879 Rio de Altar. 4... Ill 9 9 5 * Baldwin & Co. ..Ransom 4 g
Time— Y*. :24%: *5. :49%; %. 1:15%- Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner. H. Lewis' b. g. by Pury ear. D- Sweet Peggy. Pompino best. Redwald backed up
some. San Venado couldn't set up. Morrisey away Poorly^ Quiz quit. Sachem can dS
better. Cuban Girt outfooted. Rio de Altar badly injured. Scratched— Invictus l$°
•Fell. ;:' 3 ' --.">•-- < »-¦ .^-' -.- . ., . "".
3175 Monda » ..1071 3137 Gibraltar- 11T
31 >0 Bathos lloj 8168 Invictus 107
31o5 Aloha II ....107 (3160)Lavator .... 107
31i8 Captivate ....105 .1105 Flaraero 107
3142 Parsifal 107 2IKJ6 Diderot 114
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Rushflelds, Rim Rock, Bob Pal
mer.
Second Race — Marcato. Victoria S, Constable.
Third Race — Jennie McGowan. Adirondack!
Dotterel.
Fourth Race — Quiet. Dulcimer, Eendara.
Fifth Race — Muresca, Vasallo. St. Sever.
Sixth Race— Dangerous Maid. Diderot, Lava
tor.
SAN JOSE HOTELS PITT
ON" AUTOMOBILE SEBVICE
Eastern Tourists Will Be Conveyed
to Surrounding Points of
Interests.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.— The Hotels Ven
dome and St. James of thi3 city have In
stalled an automobile service In connec
tion with their hostelries for the benefit
of Eastern tourists. Many Easterners are
expected here ln the next few'months and
the automobile service will undoubtedly
prove an attraction to the sight-seers. •
A short time ago Orlando Stevens, man
ager of the San Jose Automobile Com
pany, received -ten automobiles from the
East to be run on routes to Alvlso. Los
Gatos, Saratoga and other suburban
towns. In the number were five immense
touring machines, capable of carrying ten
passengers each. The hotels have made
arrangements with Stevens to use these
"mobiles." The plan Is to make up parties
of tourists and send them about the coun
try to see the different resorts. A daily
trip to Lick Observatory will be made
and special visits to Alum Rock Park L03
Gatos, Stanford University and other
points of interest •will be arranged.
STOCKTON. Jan. 22.— The body of Jatne*
Beckett was found a mile and a half this side
of Midway, in this county, to-day. He had
been killed ln a runaway. - -
FISHER SECURES
BASEBALL TEAM
FIGHTERS FALL
IN GUN BATTLE
DURAZZO BUMPS SYLVIA TALBOT
AND IS SET BACK FOR FOULING
San Franciscan Falls Unconscious After
! ,. . . ¦* • ...-¦-.. _'...._,. ... ...... =¦ . , .¦¦ - c. ¦* ..¦...,¦...-. v ,*— " "¦ ¦ - - '¦¦¦*
Leaving a Train and Soon Expires.
SYDNEY M. SMITH DIES
SUDDENLY IN SAN JOSE
THE SAK FR AN CISCO CALL, TmJRfibAYJ JAyDABir ;23, 1902.
4
There is no poison so highly contagious,
so deceptive and so destructive. Don't be
too sure you are cured because all external
srgns of the disease have disappeared, and
the doctor says you are well. Many per-
sons have been dosed, with Mercury and
Potash for months or years, and pro-
nounced cured — to realize when too late
that the disease was only covered up —
Uke Begets Uke. JSSSgS
out again, and to their sorrow and mortifi-
cation find those nearest and dearest to
them have been infected by this loath-
some disease, for no other poison is so
surely transmitted from parent to child
a$ this. Often a bad case of Rheumatism,
Catarrh/Scrofula or severe skin disease,.
ed old sore or ulcer developing in middle'
life, can be traced to blood poison con-
i?e C ariy Tho Sin of tho Parent.
life, for it remains smoldering in the. sys-
tem forever, unless properly treated and
driven out in the beginning. S. S. S. is
the only antidote for this peculiar virus,
the only remedy known that can over-
come it and drive it out of the blood, and
it does this so thoroughly and effectually
that there is never a return of the disease
to' embarrass or humiliate you afterwards.
S^SSj /??fe) cures Contagious Blood
fej^ fijjT*^ Poison in any and all
>®k stages; contains no.
bwJ^J bjja m i nera l to break down
"5SJP your constitution ;;it is.
Eurely vegetable and the only blood puri-
er known that cleanses the blood «nd-
sl the same time builds up the general
health. ~ • /'¦¦ ¦ ".
. Our little book 'on contagious blood
pqison is the most complete and.. instruc-
tive ever issued; it not only tells all
about this disease, but also how to cure '
yourself at home. It is free and should
be in the hands of everyone : seeking 9
care. Send for it
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
Blood Poison
ADVZETISEMENTS.
«<m>NMtNNU|Mn MMMHM(HMNMMM|
o i" M.jL~4i > iy\/ I V/IJ Ji 2
8 •"' _ Do you want to be strong? Do •
© ' /^g&S% you want to feel the vim, tha snap §
S JraQg|jj||| and fire of vigor? Do you wantcour- O
9 a^^^r^, ' a S e » energy and ambition to support
• '^ft y° u * n your cares and troubles? ©
0 \faf * . I have devoted my life to •
• BB5S*Sr"^ "VfljiW both men and women. I've O
a taiySiw \ made a great success. My ©
• ' \ ' ' w3BjX& l v \^\ methods are approved by a
¦ K$$il' si- 1 >c the greate3t doct ors and qJ
Q rcini§' ¦ -«*- f^JSmfifehi ve P rove d that electric- S
«, WW J» / H&SSmh*. \ lt ? la the ba3ls Qf all an!- ®
® war '¦ ' 'Jm'' ' Smm^Wk^ \ mal llfe and that "weak •
¦® \W~ JrF • tasS&ffliiwiE** i men," dyspeptics, rheumat- O
O W jdSr lca - suf !erer3 from lost en- a
A / #lff 'JBraPfp ¦ , and shoulders from varico- 2
A /"* MM J$*&Sr^\k ' c f l8 and It9 , ? llle , d weaknesses. •
2' ' A jfiflralf -<a«HHBk.V h etc - are weak ln electrictty. Mv O
i'. ; .W" *¦¦. Y # Dr. McLaoghlin's 1
••¦'• J "i *"' ; Flfictrfr Rpif* *
© SI Dticrfbe your caas to me, and if *I* uw't »» -2
Q ' H cure you 1 .will guarantee to do so ' ¦ - ¦¦'•Judge Bumes decided an important point
for the State by admitting evidence that
might tend to show Mrs. Richardson's re
lations with Fife, which the defense had
yesterday sought to keep out, and R. A.
Morris testified to seeing the obuple to
gether on different occasions.;
The most Important witness of the day
was Bruce Stanton, a. clerk In the Fife-
Richardson store, ¦ who told of a quarrel
between Richardson and Fife in the pres
ence of the witness and Mrs. Richardson,
when all four were walking toward the
Richardson home. • \ ¦ ;• . -:-¦
PLATTSBURG, Mo,, Jan. 22.— The name
of Stewart Fife, the" young society man,
arrested recently at • ; North . Yaklma,
Wash.,' on a charge of -murdering ' Frank
W. Richardson, the Savannah," Mo., mer
chant, was brought in frequently to-day
at The trial of Mrs. Addle L: Richardson,
widow of the dead man. .
Judge of a Missouri Court
Opens the W a y f° r
: .Evidence.
with a large cargo of produce and merchandise.
The principal Shipments were as follows:
To Mexico — 327 bbls ¦ flour, - 240 cs powder,'
70 colls rone, 5 bdls paper, 14 kegs nails, o
drums sulphuric acid, 0 cs canned salmon. 150
lbs beans 90,000 lbs bluestone, 1990 gals 41- cs
wine, 95* crs potatoes and onions, 18 pkgs
dry goods 124 lbs butter, 160 lbs starch,. 203
lbs* cinnamon, 4 cs canned goods, 31 bales
bagrs, 191 lbs raisins, 17 pkgs hardware, 45
bales hay, 1 pkg machinery, 78 pkgs groceries
and 'provisions 3 cs arms and ammunition,
10 pkgs paints and oils, 50 gals whisky, 4E>0
lbs dried fruit, 678 lbs bread, 4 cs paste, 90
lbs ham and bacon, 17 bdls wire, 10 cs gaso
line. 5383 ft lumber. 20 cs coal oil, 12 cs boots
and shoes, 4.bxs fresh fruit. -
To Central America — 2579 bbls floUr, 28 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 100 pkga beer. 21 bx3
apples, 112 lbs raisins. 505 lbs ham and bacon,
300 cs coal oil, 200 bags salt, 45 crs potatoes,
SO* bbls cement. 80 cs whisky. 210 lbs dried
Truit, 540 cs powder, 2 es canned goods. .TH is
arms and ammunition, 55 cs gasoline, 480 gala
wine, 450 lbs millstuffs, 045 lba spices, 40 reels
barbed wire, 6 pkgs hardware, 45 pkgs paints
and oils. 3 cs drugs, 224 pes lumber.
Clerk Gives Some; New
Testimony in Richard
son Case.
THINKS FIFE
OWNED PISTOL
THURSDAY. JANUARY 23.
TO SAIL.
Nothing: i rattles ; a . timid belle like an
engagement ring.
The San Joaquln Valley Commercial As
sociation and the directors of the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association
have already indorsed the plan of the
State Board of Trade. Secretary Filcher
has spent some time in the preliminary
work, and finds that there is a general
agreement that it is advisable to have
California represented well at St. Louis.
"When the Supervisors of any county vote
to lay the special tax of one cent on each
$100 for exhibition purposes the State
Board of Trade will at once begin to get
up a representative collection for that
county, as the money when collected will
be a special fund, that cannot be diverted
to any other purpose-
Secretary Filcher says that the St.
Louis Exposition' will be the greatest in
dustrial show that the world has yet had.
Experience has taught California, how to
make an exhibition at the minimum cost,
and yet have it very superior. For the
Chicago- Exposition California appro
priated $300,000, and the counties in their
individual capacity appropriated $250,000
additional.' The present plan proposed by
the State Board of Trade will raise less
money than was required for the Califor
nia show at Chicago, but a better repre
sentation can be made at St. Louis if all
the counties take favorable action than
was made at Chicago.
To meet- the emergency the State Board
of Trade has evolved the Idea of asking:
the Boards of Supervisors in all Califor
nia counties to vote a tax of one cent
upon each 9100 of taxable property In their
several jurisdictions. An act of the last
Legislature authorizes the laying of a
special tax for the purpose of making ex
hibitions, and this has left the decision
to the Supervisors as i to how tney will
have thetr counties represented at tha
great St. Louis Exposition.
The State Board of Trade has begun a
vigorous campaign to secure for Califor
nia an adequate representation of its re
sources and products at the Louisinana
Purchase Exposition, which will open
April 15, 1903, at St. Louis. Xo appropria
tion by the Legislature will be available
for the purpose of sending a California
exhibit, as the Legislature does not meet
again until 1903. The time necessary to
gather up the exhibits that are needed
cannot be less than one year, judging by
the experience of the past. One reason
for this is that there is no month in the
year that does not have its distinct pro
duct in this State, and each can be se
cured to the best advantage only at a
certain time.
Organizations in Interior
Want Representation
at St. Louis.
INDORSE PLAN
FOR AN EXHIBIT
FROM SEATTLE,
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
waters at Fort Point, , entrance to . San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
, thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon andi Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office US N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco' Cal
. : January 22, .1902. . :.;V; -¦*;'
The time ball was propped exactly one sec
ond before noon to-day ..
-iV;*'.; W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge. .
The Herodot's Cargo. ""
The Kosmos line's >teamer ' Herodot; was
cleared yesterday for Hamburg and way uotte
- The ship Spartan will load lumber and mer
chandise here for Sydney or Melbourne (lump
sum). The bark Olympic loads merchandise
here for Honolulu. - i
The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe : * The
British ship Flintshire at 30s; the British bark
Llmena, 35s: the British bark Galgorm Castle,
35s (at Portland): the French bark La Fon
taine (at Tacoma), terms private.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The brig Turner, which left Port
Blakeley January 4 for Honolulu, put into
port yesterday for repairs. She broke one
of her windmill pump boxes on January
lh and later smashed her main pump. She
was leaking considerably and could not
proceed in safety, wtih her. pumping gear
so badly, disorganized.
The steamer Nome City arrived from
San Pedro yesterday with 115 passengers
and the City of Puebla got in from Seat
tle and Victoria with 142 passengers.
The German steamship • Herodot sailed
yesterday for Hamburg with a large
cargo. ... . . .
The schooner W. J. Patterson arrived
In port yesterday with her bowsprit car
ried away. . - .
Water Front Notes.
CLEVELAND, O.. Jan. 22. — Sam Kelzaather.
who has given thousands of dollars to Lake
side Hospital, has completed arrangements for
another donation to it approximating f 40, 000.
The Dutch steamship Wilhelmina, for
ty-four days from Moji, arrived yesterda"
at Port Townsend. Reinsurance was paid
on her at the rate of 20 per cent.
Wilhelmina Is Safe.
' Assistant Secretary of the Treasury O.
L. Spaulding, by request of the Secretary
Oi State, sent a dispatch to Customs Col
lector Stratton yesterday asking whether
he had received any information as to
the whereabouts of the British war ves
sel Condor. --.
Inquiry for Condor.
LONDON. Jan. 23.— The Daily Mail pub
lishes an alarmist dispatch from Madrid
giving the opinions of various prominent
politicians concerning the gloomy outlook
in Spain and their fears that the corona
tion of King Alfonso next May may be
the signal for, a revolution. The Daily
Mail's correspondent declares that in ad
dition to" the Carlist menadngs, "Weyler,
the Spanish Boulanger, Is troubling the
waters and playing for his own hand."
Spain Hay Have Revolution.
Captain Gilboy, Chief Officer W. J. Con
nell and Purser Thomas T. Hunt of. the
steamship Argyll deny most emphatically
the published report of a mutiny on board
the steamship Colombia of the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company. They abso
lutely deny having made the statements
attributed to them. On behalf of the of-
No Mutiny en the Colombia.
The schooner Sailor Boy, which arrived
yesterday from Aberdeen, reports that
January 17, in latitude 42.40 north, longl
tuae 126.35 west, she passed for three
hours through wreckage consisting of
portions of ship's houses, rails and other
woodwork. It is supposed to be part of
the ill-fated Walla Walla.
Passes Through Wreckage.
The steam schooner N.oyo went ashore
on Pinnacle Rock at 9 o'clock Tuesday
evening, when coming but from Fort
Bragg. She lost her rudder and pro
peller, but got off without assistance.
Noyo on the Bocks.
The steamship Doric left Yokohama
yesterday for this port with thirty-two
cabin passengers and 480 steerage passen
gers. Of the latter 223 are for Honolulu.
In her hold she brings sixty-five tons of
silk and silk goods. This shipment is
valued at nearly $600,000.
Doric Brings Fortune in Silk.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
decided to pay William Cronin's claim
for $5454 85, balance due jon the construc
tion; of the ferry depot, in two Install
ments — one-half at once and the balance,
at the convenience of the board. This
balance and Bateman Bros.' claim for
$4000 is all that is now outstanding against
the new building.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
MOV1LLE— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr ,Waes
land, from Philadelphia.
Sailed Jan 22 — Stmr Sylvania, for Eoston. !
N1CV' YORK— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Philadel
phia, for 'Southampton; stmr Augusta Victoria,
for Mediterranean ports; stmr Germanic, for
Liverpool :•> stmr Soutnwark, for Antweip.- !
ST MICHAELS — Passad Jan 22 — Stmi Ho
henzollern. from Genoa, j Naples and ¦ Gibraltar,
for NfcW York. • . • . •
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Teu
toriis. from New York," and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr St
Louis.-- from New York. • . : ,¦
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 18 — Stmr Tartar,
from Vancouver and Comox, via Yokohama..
OCEAN STEAMERS,
. CARMAN AH — Passed In Jan 22, at 3p m —
Br stmr Moana. from Australia 'and Hono
lulu, for Vancouver.- * -.' ' . v '
- PERNAMBUCO— Sailed. Jan 22— Br stmr
Carlisle City, for St Vincent. - . •
¦HAMBURG — Sailed Jan 22— Ger stmr Ama
sls, i for San Francisco: ,
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Kal
lua, from Hastings Mill.' : \ ' ' ;
"TABLE BAY— Sailed Jan IS— Br ' ship
SpriiiKburn, for Newcastle, Aus, and San
Francisco. . . • ¦
SYDNEY — Arrived: Jan 21— Bark Rufua -E
Vrood, - f rom Chemainus. .: : .
GIBRALTAR — Arrived, Jan 22 — Br etmr Mo
yune, from Tacoma, for London.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 22— Fr bark Mon
tebello, hence Ser>t 11'. .
GUAM — Arrived Nov 28 — Brisr John D
Srreckels. hence Oct 24, and sailed Deo, tt. for
Honopal. •_ ' ¦ ¦' ¦ ' - '
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 21— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver. • ' "¦.
. B'LUSHINO— Arrived Jan 20— Aus stmr Bor
neo, frcm Taconia. ' ' : . - 1 .
VENTNOR— Passed Jan 18— Fr,; bark Jane
Guillon. from Hull.- for San Francisco.
NANTES — Sailed Jan IS — Fr bark Jacobseh,
for Orc-~on.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Advance,
for Cclcn. v ~ .. j r ...
EASTERN PORT,
ISLAND PORTS. -
HANA— Sailed Jan 9— Brig Consuelo, for Eu
reka. ---'¦¦¦" . '
KAANAPALI — Arrived Jan 10 — Bark Hima
laya, from Newcastle, Aus.
HONOLULU — Oft port Jan 15 — Ger ship Ag
nes, frcm Hamburg.", ¦¦¦-.-.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 22. — Cap
tain W. I. Traeger of next year's football team
was to-day unanimously elected president of
the junior class. The other officers elected for
the semester are :\ Vice president, R. A.
Thompson; secretary, H. R. Johnson; athletic
manager. C. K. Studley; sergeant at arms, C
D. Hauverman.
brlan Warrior, from Valparaiso; stmr, Mar
gherita, from Valparaiso. ..
Sailed Jan 21 — Ship St Mirren. for Queens
town; stmr Geo W Elder, for San Francisco.
CASPAR — Sailed Jan 22 — Stmr Luella. for
San Francisco. *
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 22, at 9:40 a m
— Stmr Brunswick, from Eureka, for San
Pedro; 11:40 a m, stmr Melville Dollar, from
Grays Harbor, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSKND — Arrived Jan 22 — Dutch
stmr Wilhelmina, from Moji. .-.¦¦. .
•Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The attention of the British Humane
Society has been called to the gallant at
tempt to save life at sea made December 4
by «;hief Officer William Paul of the Brit
ish bark Forthbank. Upon the arrival of
the ship in a British port Paul will be pre
sented with the society's medal, a decora
tion highly valued by those that go down
to the sea in ships. Twice during the voy
age Cid Paul risk his life to save a ship
mate and in each case it was the same
shipmate. Norman Shadwick, a 19-year
old Liverpool boy, who was drowned on
December 4. When the Forthbank was ly
ing in Trincomalee, Ceylon. Shadwick
iumped from the wharf to recover a canoe
paddle. He reached the paddle, but was
caught by the current, and played out
vith the 'struggle against the tide, was
drifting to sea when Paul caught sight of
him. In jumped the first mate and after
a hard battle brought Shadwick within
reach cf a line thrown from the wharf by
some coolies. Shadwick was drowned De
cember 4, when he fell overboard. There
was a heavy sea running and the ship
was going about seven knots. Within
three minutes after the cry of "Man
overboard' had sounded the alarm a. boat
manned by Paul and four sailors was in
the water. The oarsmen were unable to
make headway against wind and wave.
Shadwick lost his head and sank. As he
rose Paul leaped from the boat, swam to
him and grabbed him by the collar. Be
fore the boat reached the two men a huge
wave tore Shadwick from Paul's grasp
and he was drowned. Shadwick was" the
only son and sole support of a widowed
mother.
Medal f or* Torthbank's Mate.
Barney Burns, a deckhand on the river
steamer Valletta, is thought to have
fallen or jumped overboard at 2 o'clock
yesterday morning, while the boat was
lyinr at Port Costa. Burns disappeared
suddenly while engaged with the othe*
hands in trucking freight. Some of the
men say they heard a splash and saw
something dark float past the bow of the
boat. It was too dark to make any inves
tigation, and when the. Valletta arrived
here yesterday afternoon the captain re
ported Burns as missing at the office cf
the Farmers' Transportation Company.
Deckhand Probably Drowned.
A resolution to add two European jur
ists to the committee of jurists to be ap
pointed to codify American international
law was unanimously adopted.
Peru's memorial on compulsory arbi
tration, in support of the treaty on that
subject which had already passed through
the conference, was temperate in tone.
The memorial, without being read, was
referred by the chair to the foreign rela
tions, department of Mexico, which course
had previously been taken out of respect
to a . memorial on voluntary arbitration
presented by the Chilean delegation. This
places both sides on an even footing in
the matter and gives satisfaction to all.
OIney \V. Foster, one of the United
States delegation, thanked the conference
for its resolution unanimously favoring
the construction of an interoceanic canal
by the United States-
"The republics assembled at the inter
national conference In Mexico applaud
the purpose of the United States Govern
ment to construct an interoceanic canal
and acknowledge that this work will not
only be worthy of the greatness of the
American people, but also in the highest
sense of the . work of civilization and to
the greatest degree ; beneficial to the de
velopment of commerce between the Am
erican States and the other countries of
the world." ¦ . -¦
The text of the resolution with respect
to an interoceanic canal, which was car
ried unanimously by acclamation, fol
lows :
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 22.-The Pan-Am
erican conference to-day adopted resolu
tions recommending the preservation of
archaeological remains; indorsing the
Louisiana. Purchase Exposition at St.
Louis; providing for sending a message
of congratulation to officials of the Buf
falo Exposition; indorsing the success of.
the Pan-American international copyright,
and approving an interoceanic canal.
COVELO, Jan. 22.— News just reached
here from Fort Bragg of the steamer
Noyo's narrow escape from being wrecked
at that.Dlaqe. When she pulled out for
San Francisco it was found that, the
steering gear would not work. The
strong under current soon^ carried the
Noyo ashore. ' . .
Lines were fastened from the boat to the
shore and the passengers were landed in
small boats. A tug has been ordered from
San Francisco to tow her to. that port.
No fcerious damage was done to the vessel.
To Belgium — 52.000 lbs dried prunes.
To Germany — 2156 lbs beeswax, 20 cs pam
pas plumes, 126 gals wine, 8 cs assorted canned
goods.
To Ecuador— 2350 bbls flour. 1OO ¦ c« canned
salmon, 080 lbs dried fruit, 20 cs assorted
canned goods, 50 cs whisky. 420 gals wine,
80 crs potatoes, 400 kegs powejer.
To Peru — 525 bbls flour. .200 cs canned sal
mon, 16S cs assorted canned goods, 50 pkgs
mill work. 33,306 lbs tallow. 6281 . lbs dried
fruit, 2720 lbs lard, 500 cs powder.
To Chile — 360 cs assorted canned goods, 250
cs soap, 50 cs canned salmon, 100 crates pota
toes.
Representatives of Re
public Applaud Na
tion's Plan.
Steering Gear Pails to
Work and She Goes
Asliore. '
FORTHBANK AND HER CHIEF
OFFICER, WHOSE HEROISM
ENTITLES HIM TO MEDAL.
STEAMSHIP NOYO
ALMOST WRECKED
fleers of the Argyll they, make the follow
ing statement:
The trouble on the Colombia, which has
been distorted in the telling into a mutiny,
occurred on New Year's night at La Boca,
where the Colombia and Argyll were both tied
up. One of the Colombia's crew, a Chilean,
went aboard his ship very drunk. Second
Officer Merrick ordered him to his quarters.
The man refused and pulling a knife defied the
officer to do his worst. Merrick called the
third and fourth officers and they put the man
in irons. Three other members of the crer/.
also Chileans and drunk, arrived on the wharf
and made some disturbance. They were locked
in their quarters. The whole trouble lasted
about half an hour. There was not a shot
fired. The Chileans were all at work when
the Colombia sailed two days later..
On behalf of the captain and officers of the
steamship Argyll. ¦ - - ¦ -
TV. J. CON NELL. Chief Officer. ¦
THOMAS T. HUNT. Purser. ¦ " - "
p~nr=^ HE British bark Savernake, which
i I sailed from here October 9 for
1 1 Queenstown, was wrecked JCovem-
JJL ber 14 on the island of Reao, in the
Paumotu archipelago. Captain
Tocle and three of the crew are missing.
Assistance has been sent to survivors
from Tahiti, which lies about 750 -miles to
the westward of the scene of the wreck.
The n<?v.-s of the disaster reached this city
yesterday in a dispatch from London.
The Savernake carried a cargo of barley.
¦n-hich was valued at $39,000 and covered by
insurance. Captaiji Toole assumed com
mand last summer in Valparaiso, where
Captain Haworth was obliged to leave the
ship on account of sickness. The Saver
nake was a three-masted iron bark of 1337
tons. She -was built, in July. 1869, at
Stocltton*on-Tees, by Richardson, Duke &
Co. Her dimensions were: Length. 21S
fcef beam. 37 feet: depth. 22 feet 7 inches.
She was owned by the Savernake Com
pany, Limited. •
PAN-AMERICANS
FAVOR A CANAL
DOMESTIC PORTS,
UMPQUA— Arrived Jan 20-^-Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro. ' ',
, SEATTLE— Arrived Jan' 22— Stmr, Al-Ki,
from Skarway. : . .-.'-.• '.'••• r • . -
Sailed Jan 21 — Stmr Dlrigo, for Skagway;
stmr Elihu Thomson, for Valdez. , .
• Arrived Jan 21 — U.S. stmr. Manzanlta, from
cruise. * - . ¦ '• • ' --¦¦-¦-¦' ¦•¦¦.• ;....' . .
Arrived Jan 22 — Stmr Pleiades, hence Jan 18;
bark Diamond Head, hence Jan 0; stmr Robert
Dollar, hence Jan 18: stmr John S Kimball,
hence Jan 19. • '¦¦¦.' -. - ¦ • "¦' ¦ - ' r
NEW WHATCOM — Sailed ,: Jan -22 — Schr
Challenger, for San ; Pedro.
¦ SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 22— Schr Zampa,
for Tacoma.- " '" ; • ¦'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦-¦:'
: Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
Jan 19: stmr South ¦ Portland, from - Seattle. ¦••
GRAYS HAR3OR — Sailed Jan 22— Schr
Mary Dodge, for. Hilo; ; schr Alice, Jor San
Francisco. ¦¦' . • ¦ _ ."•;"' • ¦'¦¦•' ¦ ' :¦'¦¦
¦¦; TACOMA— Arrived Jan 21— Br Rtmr ' Viv
torla. f;om Nanalmo. ' • ;. . : •
Sailed Jan ; 21— Schr Marion, . for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Ping Suey. for China.
EUREKA— Sailed Jan 22 — Stmr San ' Pedro,
for Grays , Harbor. - _ /-,:..-¦ . ¦_ ....
Sailed- Jan 22— Schrs-,J B Leeds and Bar
bara Hernster, for : San :Francisco. v • ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed: in Jan '22— Br stmr
Moana,' from Syd.ney.-vla Vancouver. '.
. • Passed out — Stmr. Asuncion, ; for • San Fran
cisco. '¦ ¦--¦ : -¦¦¦ ' ' '¦ ~- : • •
;• COOS BAY — Arrived Jan 22— Schr lyy, from
San Pedro.' .'¦•'•• -. - ¦> .. ¦
PORTLAND — Arrived Jan 22— Ship Cam-
POINT LOBOS.'Jan 22, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 22 miles. -,
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per schr Sailor Boy. -from Aberdeen, Jan 22
—Jan 17. lat 42 40 N.Uon 126 35- W, passed
through a lot of wreckage, such as portions o£
ship's houses, ship's rails ¦ and/, doors,' and
other -wreckage, for three hours.
Per brig Tanner — Sailed from Port Blakeley
Jan 4: from Port Townsend Jan 9. " On Jan
18 broko one windmill pump boxes and could not
make repairs. . Also broke main pump. : .Vessel
was leaking and decided to put in for repairs.
LONDON, Jan 22 — Br bark - Savernake.
from San Francisco Oct 9, for Queenstown,
was wrecked and totally lost, • ship and cargo,
at Reao, Paumotu group, Nov 14. Assistance
has been sent. Part of crew saved.- Captain
and three persons missing. ' ; v -¦ ,.- . -.
MEMORANDUM.' • ,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per bark Levi G Burgess — Jan 20, lat 30 30
N, . Ion 125 38 W, ship Two Brothers, hence
Jan 17, for Oyster Harbor. .
SPOKEN.
FORT BRAGG, Jan 22 — Stmr Noyo, bound
out from Fort Bragsr, for San Francisco, went
ashore en Plnnac'e Rock last night at »
o'clock. • Lost rudder. and propeller. Got off
unassisted and returned to Fort Bragg. .
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Swanson, San
DiegO. - • ¦ • . .
Stmr Pomona, She« r Eureka.:.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs,, Taconia. %,
Stmr Arso. Hughes, Bandon, Or.
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, Eureka. .
Stmr National City. Johnson, Fort Bragg. '
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, southern coast. ' '•;. ;
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, — — -. - /•;•¦.
Stmr- Melville Dollar. Gow, San Pedro. .
Ger stmr. Herodot, Brandenburg, Hamburg,
etc. ' ¦ .•¦-.' ¦ ¦ , ; • '
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederken. Ladysmith. , ¦
Br stmr Arab. Wills. Hongkong, via Kobe.
Br shiD Glaucus, Bennett,. Queenstown.
Br ship Eva MontKomery, Harrison,' Queens-
Sch'r Albion, Larsen,' Coqullle River. :;
DISASTER.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 22.
Stmr Aztec. Trask.'-Tacoma.
Wednesday, January 22.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 'Eureka; Goodall,'Per
kins & Co. • • . ;• '•••¦ • - -
Stmr Chas Nelson," Echage, Astoria; Chas
Nelson Co. '-'¦'-' ¦¦
Ger stmr Herodot, Brandenburjr, Hamburg
antl way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
CLEARED.
Stmr Melville Dollar,* Gow, 78 hours -from
Grays Harbor; bound to San Pedro; called in
for orders. ' "' •'¦¦' •¦• "'•
Stinr North Fork,' Fosen,.30 hours from Eu
reka. ., ' • ¦." •. '.' . ; •¦ ¦ -J ¦
Stmr Rival, Olsen,. S2 ; houra from South
e stmr Ruth, Higelns, 104 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 92 hours. .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, "34 hours from
Crescent City. ' *
Br shlD Jessomene, Thomas, .49 days from
Valparaiso. _ '
Br shin Marathon, Roberts. S 44 days* from
Callac. ¦ ¦ -j - • ¦¦ ". ¦¦, • -.-
Bark Harry Morse, Reynolds, 10 'days from
Astoria. • '¦**'¦ "',• • ¦ ' , ¦
Bark Levl G Burgess, Tounggren, 9 days
from Tacoma. • ¦¦ • £ -
Fr bark Gen de BolsdefEre, Made," 138 days
from Cardiff. ' ¦- ' ¦ ''¦'
Br bark Inverlochy, Symmers, 142 days from
Brig Tanner. Newhall, 18 days from Port
•Blakeley;; bound to Honolulu; put' In in dis
tress. - ¦ • ¦ ¦ . ¦
Sch- John A, Nlllson,' S days from Portland.
Schr. Marv Buhne, Dannevis, 5 days from
Kurcka. ¦ ¦.¦¦-¦
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 0 days from
Grays Harbor. ,- .
Schr .1 G Wall, Anderson,- 4% days from Eu-
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielssn, 11 days from Aber
deen
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, 39 hours from San
Pedro. • '"..'.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 17 hours from Mendo
cluo. • ¦ ' .'•.': :
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, "8 hours from San
Pedro. . '¦
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldsett, 34 hours from
Ventura. "
ARRIVED.
. Wednesday, January 22.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, hours from Eu
reka. -
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 50 hours from
Victoria.
Shipping Intelligence.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tideB, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a. minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth Riven by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL^vTHUR^^
Captain Toole and Three Sailors flay Have Been
Drowned—^Overdue Wilhelmina Is Safe.
BRITISH BARK SAVERNAKE GOES
ASHORE ON A CORAL ISLAND
"Richardson," said the witness, .'.'who
had been cursing Fife, turned on him tin
ally and told him he would have to. keep
away from ¦ Mrs. Richardson. Fife told
him to shut his mouth or he would shut'
it for him. Richardson and Fife started
toward each other and I told Richardson
to go into the house." . :
Charles, Glasner, also a clerk in the
store, was shown a revolver found five
blocks from the scene of the murder and
believed to be the weapon with ;rwrhich
Richardson was killed. It looked like
Fife's revolver, he said, but he could not
be sure. - . ¦ ' ¦ -. : ¦ ¦. .
the city front (Mission-street . wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
5
Steamer.
Fop.
ball*.
City Seattle.. Sltagway & Way Ports. I Jan. 23
Kxcelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.Uan. zt>
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Jan 27
Dolphin.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan 30
bltan-.er.
Destination.
! Sails.
iW.
Alliance...
C Nelson..
Czarina
Iaqua
Nome City.
Rival......
Columbia..
Fultcn....
Umpire. . . .
Eureka....
Lakme. ...
Despatch. .
I'oiui Anna
North Fork
Alameda. .
Santa Rosa
iioniia '
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
January 23. j |
Portland & Way Pts.|lO am. Pier 16
Aetorla & Portland. 0 nmjpier 2
Seattle & Tacoma... 12 ml Pier 8
Humboldt 5 pm|Pier—
Los Angeles Ports.. i a pmi Pier a
January 24. I
Willapa Harbor | 6 pmlPler "
Astoria & Portland, ill amiPier n *
Grays Harbor....... 5 pm Pier 16
Coos Bay io am Pier 13
Humboldt UamPlerl3
January 25. |- -
Astoria & Pdrtland. 9 amiPier 2
Seattle & Falrhaven 12 m Pier 10
jfoint Arena a piuiVicr 4
Humboldt »am|PUr 2
Honolulu ....... 2pm | Pier 7
January 2tt. |
San Diego & Way.. Oam]Pierll
Newport & Way Pts. u am *»i«rlt
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Seattle & Tacoma 10 am Pier 2
January 27.
Humboldt l:30piPler 8
January 28. •
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Panama &. Way Pta. 12 m PMSS
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January ,20. . i
San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Grays Harbor ....... 5 pm Pier 2
January 3O. .
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
China & Japan .. l p m PMSS
January 31.
HambVt? & WayPts :..... pi er
Putret Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
.February 2.
Seattle & N. What. . 5 pm Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier It
Pomona..'.
Arcata
Argryll
City Para..
Q. Elder...
State Cal..
Sequoia. . . .
Coos Bay. .
M. K. Maru
Nlcarla....
Queen
Rainier....
J. Kimball.
Spokane: . .
bteamer.
'rora.
•u«.
Empire Coos Bay ...I Jan. 23
Santa Ana... Seattle. & Tacoma |Jan. 23
Bor.lta....... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 2J
B&nta Kosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan. 23
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena '. . . . Jan . 23
Despatch. . — San Pedro . -. Jan . 2.1
Iaqua... San Fedro .7.. ......... Jan. 23
Fulton Redondo Jan. 24
Progreso Seattle *. ' Jan. 24
Sequoia Grays Harbor Jan. 25
G. VV. Elder. Portland & Astoria Jan. 26
Pomona Humboldt |Jan. 25
Eta. Barbara. San Pedro Jan. 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 'M
Nlcaria Seattle ....Jan. 26
Asuncion. . . . .Tacoma •". Jan. 27
Eureka. . . . . . jHumboldt Jan. 27
Titanla Nanaimo Jan. 27
China i China & Japan Jan. '27
Curacao I Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sierra... '.Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan." 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports ....Jan. 27
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan °7 !
Rainier Seattle & N. W'hatcom. Jan 28
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 2!) '
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Jan "'0 i
Columbia Portland & Astoria Jan. ."0
North Fork.. HumbGldt Jan. 31
Leelanaw.... New York, via Panama. Jan! -31
Umatllla. . . . . Puget Sound Ports...... Feb 1
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb 1
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Feb 1
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rise
O Time
!? • L. \V
23 4:1«
H W
24 0:10
25 1:00
26 1 :40
27 2:20
28 2:59
2!) 3:42
30 4:26
•s '(Vi
1*11)"-*"
: 7:21
5:22
.0:00 p. m.
' I
iTlmel
Time - Time
Ft. Ft.
L w .'HW
5:19—0.9
H W : L W
11:20 ' 5.8 6:01 — 0.S
12:10 .5.6 6:43 — 0.4
•1:01 5.2 »7:24 0.2
1:58 4.8 8:04 0.7
2:58 4.3 8:46' 1.3
4:01 4:0 9:331 l.S
5:13 3.7(10:201 2.3
Ft.
I
HW
Ft.
§
10:30
L W
5:09
6:02
«:56
7:53
8:50
10:00
110:59
6.9
I
5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.4
5.3
5.2;
I
- 2.2j
2.1
2.0
1.9
i 1.8
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rise
O Time
!? • L. \V
23 4:1«
H W
24 0:10
25 1:00
26 1 :40
27 2:20
28 2:59
2!) 3:42
30 4:26
•s '(Vi
1*11)"-*"
: 7:21
5:22
.0:00 p. m.
' I
iTlmel
Time - Time
Ft. Ft.
L w .'HW
5:19—0.9
H W : L W
11:20 ' 5.8 6:01 — 0.S
12:10 .5.6 6:43 — 0.4
•1:01 5.2 »7:24 0.2
1:58 4.8 8:04 0.7
2:58 4.3 8:46' 1.3
4:01 4:0 9:331 l.S
5:13 3.7(10:201 2.3
Ft.
I
HW
Ft.
§
10:30
L W
5:09
6:02
«:56
7:53
8:50
10:00
110:59
6.9
I
5.1
5.2
5.3
5.4
5.4
5.3
5.2;
I
- 2.2j
2.1
2.0
1.9
i 1.8
Steamer.
Fop.
ball*.
City Seattle.. Sltagway & Way Ports. I Jan. 23
Kxcelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.Uan. zt>
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Jan 27
Dolphin.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan 30
bltan-.er.
Destination.
! Sails.
iW.
Alliance...
C Nelson..
Czarina
Iaqua
Nome City.
Rival......
Columbia..
Fultcn....
Umpire. . . .
Eureka....
Lakme. ...
Despatch. .
I'oiui Anna
North Fork
Alameda. .
Santa Rosa
iioniia '
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
January 23. j |
Portland & Way Pts.|lO am. Pier 16
Aetorla & Portland. 0 nmjpier 2
Seattle & Tacoma... 12 ml Pier 8
Humboldt 5 pm|Pier—
Los Angeles Ports.. i a pmi Pier a
January 24. I
Willapa Harbor | 6 pmlPler "
Astoria & Portland, ill amiPier n *
Grays Harbor....... 5 pm Pier 16
Coos Bay io am Pier 13
Humboldt UamPlerl3
January 25. |- -
Astoria & Pdrtland. 9 amiPier 2
Seattle & Falrhaven 12 m Pier 10
jfoint Arena a piuiVicr 4
Humboldt »am|PUr 2
Honolulu ....... 2pm | Pier 7
January 2tt. |
San Diego & Way.. Oam]Pierll
Newport & Way Pts. u am *»i«rlt
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Seattle & Tacoma 10 am Pier 2
January 27.
Humboldt l:30piPler 8
January 28. •
Coos B. & Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Panama &. Way Pta. 12 m PMSS
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January ,20. . i
San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Grays Harbor ....... 5 pm Pier 2
January 3O. .
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
China & Japan .. l p m PMSS
January 31.
HambVt? & WayPts :..... pi er
Putret Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
.February 2.
Seattle & N. What. . 5 pm Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier It
Pomona..'.
Arcata
Argryll
City Para..
Q. Elder...
State Cal..
Sequoia. . . .
Coos Bay. .
M. K. Maru
Nlcarla....
Queen
Rainier....
J. Kimball.
Spokane: . .
bteamer.
'rora.
•u«.
Empire Coos Bay ...I Jan. 23
Santa Ana... Seattle. & Tacoma |Jan. 23
Bor.lta....... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 2J
B&nta Kosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan. 23
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena '. . . . Jan . 23
Despatch. . — San Pedro . -. Jan . 2.1
Iaqua... San Fedro .7.. ......... Jan. 23
Fulton Redondo Jan. 24
Progreso Seattle *. ' Jan. 24
Sequoia Grays Harbor Jan. 25
G. VV. Elder. Portland & Astoria Jan. 26
Pomona Humboldt |Jan. 25
Eta. Barbara. San Pedro Jan. 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 'M
Nlcaria Seattle ....Jan. 26
Asuncion. . . . .Tacoma •". Jan. 27
Eureka. . . . . . jHumboldt Jan. 27
Titanla Nanaimo Jan. 27
China i China & Japan Jan. '27
Curacao I Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Sierra... '.Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan." 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports ....Jan. 27
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan °7 !
Rainier Seattle & N. W'hatcom. Jan 28
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 2!) '
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Jan "'0 i
Columbia Portland & Astoria Jan. ."0
North Fork.. HumbGldt Jan. 31
Leelanaw.... New York, via Panama. Jan! -31
Umatllla. . . . . Puget Sound Ports...... Feb 1
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb 1
R. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock Feb 1
Coffee injures growing~ckildren"
even when it is weakened. . Grain-O
gives them brighter eyes, '. firmer
flesh/ quicker intelligence and hap-
pier dispositions. ¦ They can drink
all they want of Grain-O— the more
the better— and it tastes like coffee. 1
.- ¦'¦¦-¦ v ¦ , -¦: '¦¦¦':.. : : ' ' - • :-,'•'. ;•
All erocers ; 15c. and 23c. ;
I THE PURE
T" GRAIN COFFEE
<S> <«>
i ¦ t
i A Fine Tonic |
When a tonical stimulant
<j/ is needed 4>
& ' ;".'0; <S>
4^> t^m^t^jj JL Ml. ir»*A fc^'^W'' Ji. A,
% |pj Baltimore %
S^|^| s the purest and •••
% j^^^^g Perfection in |
? e » Purity, I
*> CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION* CO.. «»
? Inc.. 223-225 California St., SaD «&
Francisco, Cal. \-;v""'- a,
Telephone Main 873.
AD VEBTIHK WTBNT8.
y|L hq B SB DBOB H 4^Jb 'B h JB fl 2P%k BHi pH8v B fl B39D IS BSS3 fl MPtik BR H
S fl H fiwi H Jb€i H fl H H Bin B Jvn fit n fl R 9 9 JFB fl H S km *S
Are Men Who^^Recommend Pe=ru=ha.
[Ex-Briffadier General and Ex- Congressman J. Floyd King, of Louisiana, writes his endorsement.]
1 . , . *' _gtt Mr. R. H. Harris, No. 306 Potomac Ave.,
vZsS£&kC~~l ' ' Tfcn n -i^lirJ^S SWfc^^S^ "* have never enjoyed such perfect
laSr^Y iA'A V -^fahii.1 "^te^^sl^& JTi-^ 00^ Bt^""^ health as I have sir.ce I learned the
VJT ¦( &lft!j value 'of Peruna as a tonic and invigora-
L>/-vr VLTflslI g^ill^^^fc-al^^^SS^'J^^^yi^^C^MM^MM^^^^MMiwI t° r * I^st winter a severe cold attacked
W&S^tt/VSsk wiy " ia r^^ B *"}^ ;^^iie i W^^^g»v^sr^1^' H me and 1 lost my a PP e tite, and was un-
BfcMT raZEftMSa , LiigJ>'L J lJ |l ""!L^ !iJ ' '"iJLL \ i able to do my work. Peruna was called
BrP^^B^^ ¦¦ J >^^^*r^ /Hy >3>y^^CSaSgfcSL, * f» to my notice, and after usins it for four
Wi •gUwJfeJ?! I \^^^^ ' " " 1 daV3 J began to Improve and the cold
r5pj^jH_2alI >^^*^ >^^i^ § disappeared after taking one bottle. I
t-t^Ki/^l < t C$r " l B££S2§&&i. B fin<1 tc a safe S uard against col. is. and I
xiTn/A. / t^?\ n — ¦ TtT J**S* a^.g3t g often take a dose as a preventive."
YmOinW^ l, V^^^*"^ J$}h "^^^^S| P doctor bill, and a great deal of suffering.
f V il \\ ¦ — 4) g U. S. Navy, and ex-Con3ul General' to
t- 5^ , ¦ iff- »^ * ffl r""ujt"«»*'rF u " B^^ °f m y fr ' ends vfl ° havQ bden bcne "
* fited by the same, as well as my own
General J. Floyd King of Louisiana .was a member of the Forty-ninth Con- A fl _/_ ___ __ j- .7, rffinanir nnrl
. gress, and was Brigadier-General In the Confederate Army from the commence- experience as TO ITS emcacy ana
ment-to the end of the Civil War. He writes from Washington, D. C., as follows: qOOCf tonic properties, COUSBS me to
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, 0.: . •" recommend it to all persons."
Gentlemen — "Being personally acquainted with many distinguishad JAMES MORGAN.*
men, national statesmen and others of high character Jrom all over the if you do not receive prompt and satia-
.... j o , .... l j.L Li' • m l • ,i • . factory results from the use of Peruna,
United States who f observs by the public prints have givsn their endorse- write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
ment to your great catarrh remedy Peruna, I unhesitatingly state that I °JXyL c^t\^L^Vl
am convinced it is a medicine which will effect all the cures which is vice gratis.
~/ .*__~/ x,— ."ii ..— " • - ' / tri nvn nun Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
claimed for its use. > J. FLOYD KING. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
Ask. your druggist for a free Pe-ru-na Almanac. Every druggist has them.
THE OBSERVATION GAR
I ¦• *"";""• ¦¦ : -"-' '¦'-'¦ '.'¦' ' ' ' ¦
d WITH ITS SIDES AND END OF PLATE GLASS . B
H .AFFORDS AN UNOBSTRUCTED VIEW OF THE M
EJ SWIFTLY MOVING PANORAMA AS THE M
i SPEEDS ON ITS WAY FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO OVER THE §! It Is no disgrace for. "a man to be pooi
if he doesn't owe you anything.
Taking to the- tall timber seems to be a delusion
and a mockery these days in the City Hall. For
derelict clerks and political deputies it seems to be a
time for sackcloth and ashes. .
The students "of a "barbers' college" at Omaha
struck: the other day and left the 'occupants of the
chairs , half: shaved,, so there is .one instance,' fat )any\
rate, in-.which strikers cannot be: accused of bearding '
. Richard Croker for once appears to be in perfect
harmony with the rest of us. . He says that his re
tirement from tlie leadership of Tammany was theVe
sult of a long cherished hope.
A few days ago President* Roosevelt appointed a
man who had been dead six weeks ito be postmaster
at Greenwood; S. C. ' This faculty of the President
to choose dead ones for public office appears to be
drifting into a habit.
The question whether this or that European power
prevented a • coalition against us on behalf of Spain
may be interesting to them, but, it 'did .not .matter
much to us atthe time, and now we do not care any
thing about it at all. •
Courting Quits Early in Brooklyn.
. , Brooklyn, like . Philadelphia,- has long
been known as nothing if not a. city;oi
rest." New 'Yorkers • allege that no one
ever goes there except to sleep. : That the
allegation possesses something g of | truth
was shown ' last night, when ? a ; young
man, • innocent * of the town's habits, . at
tempted ; at 10:30' o'clock ' to call on an ob
ject of his devotion and got himself ar
rested f or , his ; indis'cretion. The ' young
lady in the case was "not at home at such
an v hour" explained ;. the : maid, -.who re
sponded ; to , the call of the bell ; and then,
acting 'on; the that the caller was
a burglar, or he would' not have called
at such an hour, she followed and 'had
him : arrested. ; This morning the '•Magis
trate lectured the prisoner on : the evils oi
late I calling and; then discharged ' him, - a
wiser young man. /; V;
The New England Genealogical Society is .reported
to have made a long investigation into American
heraldry and to have discovered^ that most of (it is
imposture, but we regret ' to say that jno report was 1
made as to what the remainder is worth.
One of the learned' professors i at Berkeley has
reached the startling conclusion that all. newspaper
men are lost souls who must be barred from entrance
to the sacred halls of learning. It would be interest
ing to know who" or what made the professor a judge
in this particular field of inquiry.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— The following
Californians - are in New York: From
San , Francisco— Dr. V. H. Hulen, at the
Manhattan; A. Rothschild, at the Gerard;
C.-M.,Goodall, D. J. MacDonald, at tht
Holland; 'J.T.Harmes, at the Grand;
A. J.; Little john '., at the Grand Union; A.
Martin .and *wife, at the Astor; H. A.
Saxe, at ' the Herald Square ; F. Baruch
at the Netherlands Miss M. Battles,
the 1 Normandie ; . E. Belasco, at the Ven
dome; M. Geldmachen, E. D. Morgan, ai
the Broadway Central; F. G. Gould, ai
the Murray Hill ; E. J. | Maguin, at the
Savoy ; C. F. Pratt, at the Cosmopolitan ;
H." E.'. Sterry, at the Imperial; C. H.
Wiener, at the Morton. ,
From Sacramento— A. E. Coolot anc!
wife, at the Cadillac; L. F. Brennon, ai
the Herald Scuare.: '
¦From Los' Angeles— Miss Norton, S., S,
Spier and wife- at ; the; Normandie.
Calif ornians in New Yor^c
The New Haven Palladium asserts that wild geese
that went south last fall are already returning north,
and it argues therefrom that we shall- have an early
spring; but after all it may be that the geese have
more sense than the average Florida tourist .and
know enough to get back before they are plucked.
Of 'course that story, like the rest, is true only so
far as it goes. Austrian diplomatists are not likely to
disclose who we're most willing to help them. As a
That much .we know, for it was done in public,
and except for the gratification of curiosity^ that is
about all we care to know. Even did we have any
earnest desire for the whole truth in the matter we
would not pay much attention to the assertions of
the diplomatists of Great Britain, France, Germany,
Russia and the rest just = now,.for we are well aware
that the aim of diplomacy is not to tell the whole
truth. Lord Cranborne's recent statement on the
subject in the House of Commons is said by. officials
of the State Department at Washington to have been
"strictly true as far as it went." The same may be
said of the statements that have emanated from Ber
lin and from Paris.
Perhaps the best and fullest statement we may ex
pect in this generation is that 'which comes from
Vienna. The Austrians frankly admit that they un
dertook to save Cuba to Spain, and that they tried to
form a European coalition for that purpose. Their
story is a plain one. The Queen Regent of Spain is
an Austrian Archduchess. She applied to her rela
tives for assistance and the Austrian court set about
doing the best it could for her. In describing what
happened the Vienna story says: "France was ready
to second the efforts of Austria. Germany and Rus
sia maintained a passive attitude. - Great Britain was
at first disposed to sign the proposed note, but after
a confidential - report from Washington declined
either to sign sifch a note as the Austrian Embas
sador proposed or to take any further steps." Finally,
Austria abandoned her attempts and after the decla
ration of war relied "on the efforts. of the Pope, who
was backed by. the tacit approval of all the powers"
All of this splutter about a bygone diplomatic
futility and all of these professions of friendship for
the United States are made with so much earnest
ness and in such evident belief that the American
people are longing to know the truth that the af
fair is genuinely amusing. To. us the issue is of ho
importance whatever. We are aware that just be
fore the declaration of war the Embassadorial dig
nitaries at Washington, with the dean of the corps at
their head, marched in stately procession and sub
mitted to President McKinley a mild coffer to inter
vene in the interests of peace, and President McKin
ley, with equal mildness, thanked them for the good
ness of their Governments and informed them that
no intervention would be accepted. Then the pro
cession marched out again and dissolved into viewless
air.
EUROPEAN diplomatists have for some ob
scure reason suddenly developed a lively de
sire to free themselves and their Governments
of any suspicion of having entertained a wish to form
a coalition against the United States to prevent the
declaration of war against Spain. They have one and
all avowed that a movement to effect such a coalition
was started, but they deny emphatically that they had
any hand in it, and assert that they refused to con
sent to it. Then in a vague way they intimate that
they could tell who led in the movement if they
chose to do so, and that they may tell if some other
diplomatists do not keep quiet.
A BATTLE IN THE CLOUDS.
W. H. Gregory of .Stockton is at th<
Russ. He is superintending. the shipmem
of a number, of mules and horses to Hon
olulu. . r
. M. H. Flint, connected with the Unitcc
States Mail Service, is up from Los An
geles and is at the Occidental.
E. S. Boyd, .Territorial Land Commis
sioner of Hawaii, is at the Occidental. Ht
is en route to Washington. . .
Captain Jerome. Clark, a United State:
army •¦ paymaster, - is , at the Calif ornis
with his wife. : v . .
R. Alexander, an old resident of Pen
dleton, is spending a ' few days at,th<
Occidental. ¦
H. C. Cutting, a mining man, is down
from Tonopah, Nev. , and is a guest at
the Palace.
E. Clarke, a wool buyer of Portland,
Or.,. is. among the arrivals at the Occi
dental.
Ex-Governor W. T. Jeter is up from
Santa > Cruz and " is .' registered at the
Palace.
J. Parker Whitney, a capitalist of Bos
ton, is at the Palace with his wife and
family. . .
J. D. Biddle, *an oil man and banker of^
Hanford, is among the arrivals at the v
Grand.
W. J. Hewett, who conducts the cyclery
at the Del Monte Hotel, is at the Grand.
Judge J. M. Marenson of Uklah is at
the Lick:
, J. M. Day, the well known banker, of
Woodland, is at the Lick. - •
John W. Buchanan, a mining man of
Denver, is at the Occidental. f ,
Guy B. Barnham, a young club man of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
George Beebe, City Attorney of Los An
geles, is a guest at the Palace.
P. C. Boyle, an oil man of Oil City, Pa,,
arrived at the Palace yesterday. - :-
Dingley was contemplating the purchase
of a country place and had driven his wife
out to look at It.
"How do you like it?" he asked.
"Oh! I am delighted; its beauty fairly
renders me speechless," she replied.
"That settles it," rejoined Dingley; "I'll
buy it this afternoon."— Tit-Bits.
He— I certainly had reason to think you
cared for me— you were so nice to me.
She— But I make it a point to be nice to
every man. no matter how stupid he is.
Detroit Free Press.
Customer— Gimme a cup o'chocolate
with lots o' whipped cream.
Boston waitress (shouting back to the
kitchen)— Chocolate solitaire in a pleni
tudinous setting of chastised lacteal
fluid!— Catholic Times-Standard.
A Chicago.man claimed M. De Rostand's
"Cyrano" and a St. Louis man claims M.
Santos-Dumont's airship. This shows that
Shakespeare and Milton were exceedingly
wise in harvesting a goodly share of their
fame before Chicago and St. Louis got on
to the map. — Cleveland Plain Dealer. '
CARL GREENE— Subscriber. City. Your
question, i "Is Carl Greene. Plnkerton's
famous "detective (who wort fame in hunt
ing down the James boys), still alive?"
was referred to the Chicago office of thu
detective agency named, and the reply re
ceived fron» "W. A. .Plnkerton is as fol
lows: "We never had a man named Ca.-1
Greene in our employ, and no one by that
name ever won any reputation with ua
through the hunting down of the James
boys or through any other matter. There
fore cannot tell if be is living or dead.
Whoever the man is, he is a fake so far
as his having any connection with us la
concerned. Never heard of him before."
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Look out for 81 4th st., front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c. #
. Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Since his retirement from the Navy Department
Maclay has undertaken a defense of his famous at
tack upon Schley, and says: "The word coward
does not appear in the book. I spoke of caitiff flight,
but that does not imply personal cowardice." It ap
pears the historian intends to work for a reputation
in future as a humorist.
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
papers, for no one identified with their
origin was present. Naturally so great a
weight of paper would have realized a
large sum. but the Chief of Police did not
consider it safe to "allow any part of •It
to leave the custody of the police, henfe
the consignment of the eight truck loads
to the flames at the Reduction Works.
INCIDENTS ATTENDING DE
STRUCTION OF TONS OF CON
FISCATED LOTTERY BLANKS
OREGON EXPOSITION— J. P., City. It
Is not proposed by the people of Oregon to
hold the grand exposition In 1903, but in
1905, the centennial of the exploration of
the Oregon country by Meriwether Lewis
and "William Clarke, who from 1804. to lSiifi,
under orders from President Jefferson, as
cended the Mississippi River to its source,
crossed the Rocky Mountains, struck the
head waters of the Columbia River, float
ed down to its mouth and explored nearly
all of the country south of the forty-ninth
parallel.'
We repeat there is no justification at all for delay
in this case. No court can justly plead that it is too
busy to give the hearing at once. It is an emergency
issue. It affects virtually all California, and all Cali
fornia waits impatiently for the decision.
Should a long postponement be permitted in a
hearing which is so important as this to the indus
tries and the trade cf the- people, something very
much like a judicial outrage will have been com
mitted against the State- itself. When justice is de
layed, justice is denied. If a decision of the Rail
road Commission can be set aside for weeks and even
for months without a hearing on its merits, then the
Government itself is mocked and the courts become
instruments of something very much like anarchy.
Such, a course means that the interests and the in
dustries of the people are to be kept in suspense for
indefinite periods of time solely, because corpora
tions are unwilling to submit their case to the
arbitrament of law.
No just reason can be given for any postponement
of an immediate hearing of the case. It has been
heard by the Railroad Commission and the com
mission has acted. It is the duty of the courts to give
due heed and recognition to the commission, for, like
the courts themselves, it is a part of the government
of California. When required to issue an injunction
suspending the operation of a decree of the commis
sion it is the duty of the courts to bring the issue to
a final hearing at once. When any other course is
taken the courts lend themselves to the subversion of
a branch of the government which is co-ordinate with
themselves.
The matter is the more urgent because there are
reasons for believing the railroad will ask not for
siight postponements but for a long delay to begin
with. It is said Mr. Herrin has already signified a
desire to have the hearing of the case postponed un
til he returns from a journey to the East, where he
goes to attend a meeting of the Interstate Com
merce Commission. That means, of course, a delay
until about the. end of February as a starter. After
that there will be something else. Mr. Herrin -will"
never be lacking in an excuse for delay.
Upon a prompt hearhrg the public has a right to
insist. An enormous amount of business is at stake
on a decision which will determine to a large extent
2t what price fuel is to be obtained for manufacturing
and other purposes. Great interests of that kind, so
important, so varied end so widespread, ought not to
be set aside for slight causes. It is the duty of the
courts to promote the general welfare. by acting as
promptly as they can in untangling legal technicali
ties that interfere with the industries upon which the
prosperity of the people depends.
The issue is not one of private parties. It affects
the whole community. It is a suit of such impor
tance that public policy dictates that the right of way
be given it over all private cases on the calendar.
The Supreme Court of the United States set a
precedent in giving a right of way for a prompt
hearing of the income tax cases. That high example
can well be followed by the courts of California in
CALIFORNIA is waiting on the courts for a
decision of the oil rate cases. The temporary
injunction still bars the way against the en
forcement of the order of the Railroad Commission.
The railroad has its triumph in every day of delay,
while the loss to the public increases. It is for the
courts to decide how long this delay shall "continue.
They can grant a postponement to the roads, or they
can bring the issue to a prompt hearing. The people
are waiting and watching to see which will be done.
NO TIME FOR DELAY.
STOLEN MONEY— Subscriber, Huanaa.
San Luis Obispo County, Cal. The fact
that a man 'who robs a bank or train se
cures a lot of money and secretes it is ar
rested, convicted and serves a term as a
punishment for the crime does not give
him any right to the stolen property. If
after I1I3 release from prison he should
dig up the stolen money it could be seized
and returned to the owner.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Men with garden rakes piled the over
flow into heaps and then into the square
cases, which -were numerous enough to
require eight large two-horse trucks for
their removal to the Sanitary Reduction
Works, Rhode Island and Alameda streets.
From 7a. m. until 2 o'clock in the after
noon the process of taking the immense
quantity of Chinese hieroglyhic 'square
slips to be incinerated went busily along.
The curling columns from the long chim
ney told the significant tale of how even
lottery tickets may end in smoke. There
were no regrets at the burning of ..the
CHIEF WITTMAN was well ahead
of any desperate injunction-seeker
yesterday morning, for long before
the sun was. ub for the day he
had a host of officers at work at
the City Hall carrying out what looked
for all the world like tea chests, but
which were in reality cases, not of Oolong
or Chuchong, but Chinese ware of an
other - kind— confiscated -Chinese lottery
tickets. •
CHINESE^-W. S. R., Stlllwater. Okla
homa Territory- Ton will find material
for a debate on Chinese exclusion by
referring to the Annual Cyclopedia and to
special articles on the Chinese question
that appeared in the periodicals, which
can be traced by consulting Poole*3 In
dex and the Cumulative Index of Current
Literature.
WEDDING— O, City. It Is usual for
the groom to bear all the expenses of the
wedding excepting the trousseau for the
bride. Depending upon conditions the
parents of the bride provide the wedding
breakfast, lunch or supper and often in
such cases, unless the parents 'object, the
groom furnishes the wines, if such are to
be used.
(Cri iTf* i ¦¦ ,1 r^H _ijlS. ¦ -(vJl S%JSjL
THURSDAY . JANUARY 23, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Attrttt All resusBBfeatiosi to W. S. I.EAKTi. Ktsager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE! Telephone Pros 2O4
ri'DLICATlOX OFFICE. . .Mnrkft and Tblrd, S. F.
Telephone Preii 201.
EDITORIAL. nOOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Premm 202.
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cenf« Per Week.
Stngrle Cojilm, S Cent*.
Term* by Mall. InclaJlnir Foitnftei
DAILY CALL. (icclcfiir.K Sunday), on* year.... ..ll.M
OAILT CALL <lndudiflc Ett^day). « x snths I.W
DAILT CALL (lncludlr.e Sunday), t month! 1.S0
n*Tt/T CALL— By Slnzl* Month ©o
fCNDAT CALL. On« Tear .... ',.. '. 1-50
VEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.0»
All poBtmaiter* are authorized to recelTe
¦nb'acrlptlon*. ,
Pasiple copies will be iorwarded when requested. ¦
Man cnbecrlben In enJerlr.g chansre of addrera should b«
rarllcultr to dve both I*EW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to tcture m. prompt and correct comnliance with their request.
OAlfLAKD OFFICE ...111S Broadvray
C. GRORGE KROGJTKS*.
If tEtf er Foreign Adrertitinr. Kirqmitt Bnildic?, Chicijj.
(Lcnc Distance Telephone "Central I61S-")
1CETW TOEK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIILTOX Herald Sqnnre
KEW YORK KEPRESEXTATTVE:
*TEPHE.V B. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlnjr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Aetoria notel; A. Brentano. n Union Square:
k:crr»y HUi HottL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
RKmiB Rodm: P. O. News Cc; Great Northern Hotel:
f «mcct Hoose; Auditorium Hotel.
xvAsmxGTOjf m. c> office. . . .i4on a <«t.. w. "W.
MOUTO.V E. CUA\E. Correspondent.
RRAXCH OPPICEf— OT. Montjromerr, corner of Clay, open
vntll J:JO o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 631
McAllister, open until t:20 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
t:«9 o'clock. IS41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
cntll • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open ' until • o'clock. KW.
ccrner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until * o'clock.
Z200 Fillmore. open until S p. m.
GRADES— R. H. G., City. California
street at Kearny is 35 feet above high
water mark; at Dupont street it is S6 feet,
and at Stockton 161 feet. Fillmore street
at Union is 60 feet above high water mark,
100 at Green, 170, at Vallejo, 236 at Broad-
Way and 242 at Pacific avenue, the highest*
point. .
BROQKLYN BRIDGE— Aurora. City.
The width of the Brooklyn bridze. New
York, is 85 feet; length of river span, 1393
feet 6 inches: length of each land span,
930 feet; length of Brooklyn approach,
971 feet, and of the New York approach,
1562 feet 6 inches.
. How far such views are correct it is not for us to
say at this distance from the people whose industries
are to be affected by the formation of trusts.
American. experience has proven that it is profitable
to agriculture to build up home markets for agricul
tural products by encouragement to manufactures.
It would seem, then, that the Russian Government
has acted wisely in taking thecourse it has. Still one
can understand that in -a. country, ' whose economic
conditions are so different from those of the United
States a system which works well here might be dis
astrous there.- Up to this time trusts have not in
jured the industrial prosperity of this country. They
are looked upon as "threatening" evil rather than ; ; as
having done any evil. It may be different in Russia,
but it would seem the Finance Ministry has done well
in deciding to .permit such organizations as the men
of affairs deem necessary for their good provided
they do not look for governmental aid nor organize
with an intention to artificially raise prices. 1
The declaration of the Ministry has not been favor
ably received by public opinion. It is argued in the
first place that consolidation will; tend to . diminish
the number of , manufacturing enterprises in the em
pire and thus defeat the very. object of the protective
system, and on theother hand that it will amount
to an injury to the agricultural classes. A journal
edited by the professors of -Moscow University
opposes the whole policy of- artificial stimulation of
manufactures and maintains that , the Government
should first build up agriculture.. "Our export trade,"
it says, *'is wholly agricultural, and to the increase of
such exports our attention must be first directed
rather than j to feverish, premature transplantation of
industries with the aid of foreign capital," which have
no foundation in our natural, social and economic
conditions."
The request for permission to : organize trusts has
given rise to so much discussion that the Finance
Ministry of the empire has felt it necessary Mo ex
plain the Government's on the subject.
Among other things it says: "If our, men of af
fairs, realizing the lack of such complete adaptation
and the imperfect character of their present organi
zation, shall see fit to seek a way out of their diffi
culties by means of co-operative and combined "ef
fort, the: Ministry of Finance will place no obstacles
in that path; but this attitude of the Ministry toward
industrial combinations can be counted on only in
case such combination is resorted to* without either
an avowed or secret intention to raise prices artifi
cially. In'any event such industrial consolidation
must be the business of manufacturers themselves and
must not depend on the encouragement or participa
tion of the Government."
Following the American, plan .the '-Russians have
attempted to diversify their, industries by building up
home manufactures through the "aid ." of protective
tariffs. In this country. agriculture ; : is .rich and pro-.'
ductive. It has afforded -a magnificent home market
for all kinds of manufactures,- and thus the protective
system has worked beneficially _frofn" the start. ' In
Russia, however, agriculture- is backward; .'the. peo
ple are ignorant of : the; best "methods; of farming and
the soil and climate are not so propitious; as with us.
Consequently the manufacturers have had but a scant
market at home andhave had to; ask from:. time to
time further assistance from the' Government. The
stimulus of Government assistance, however, has
only increased the evil, until now the manufacturers
ask the Government for a larger, liberty of combina
tion in order to meet successfully the new. difficulties
that confront them. >, .
BY translating from Russian official documents
from editorials upon : them in leading
journals of Moscow and St. Petersburg, the
Literary Digest has compiled = an- interesting
tation of the trust problem as it appears in that em
pire. The industrial situation is quite /different from
that in the United States, and therefore it is the more
curious that the same problem "should have "arisen in
TRUSTS IN RUSSIA.
SCHOOL OF DESIGN— JVC. Altamont,
Alameda County, Cal. For information
relative to the school of design connected
with the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
address a communica'tion to the director.
He will advise you as to qualification, as
to classes, etc.
Dewey, Miles and'Schley are said to.be willing to
run for the Presidency on the Democratic. ticket, but
Josiah Quincy wishes a man of broad^scholarship and
Henry Watterson wishes a - shockhead/ and it '.', is
doubtful if. either of \the heroes can 'fill' the double
bill. .r;"*> .-. / . . ;;V 'i,/*> '_-*.'¦
PORTLAND SCHOOLS— R. H. G., City.
For information about the schools of
Portland, Or:, address a letter of Inquiry,
Inclosing self-addressed and stamped en
velope for reply, to the Superintendent of
Public Schools, Portland, Or.
A NICKELr-F. D. S.. Vallejo, Cal. A
nickel of 1S83 without the word "cents" i3
worth 5 cents, no more: a. $5 piece of 1S47
does not command a premium, nor does
a quarter of 1857.
FASTEST TIME-J. E. S., Placervtlle,
Cai: The fastest time made on the Bur
lington route -was on a run from Siding to
Arion, a distance of 2.4 miles, in 1 minute
20 seconds.
DISTANCE— S., City. The distance from
~.os Angeles to National City, in San
THego County, CaL, is, via the Southern
California Railway, 132 miles.
RAZOR-A. H., City. It 13 not improper
to say that "a razor has teeth,' ' ; for a
razor la only a very fine saw.
It Uiould not be necessary to recall again to the
public ' mind ihe details of that wretched record of
vice, folly and crime, and give once more the names
of the unfortunate victims of a system of gambling
legalized by the <city. The Supervisors cannot
be ignorant of it and ought to be well aware thafa
renewal of track gambling will mean a renewal
of that series of appalling offenses which roused
popular indignation and compelled the closing
of the gambling games. Let the Supervisors profit
by trie disclosures" of the demoralization of the pub
lic service as revealed through the investigations of
the Mayor. That is enough to teach the lesson with
out waiting for crime to come and clinch it.
Not very long ago San Francisco took account of
the cost of track gambling here and found that
the cost included not merely an enormous loss
of money, both public and private, but the wreck of
manhood and womanhood, the ruin of families, every
kind of theft, from petty embezzlements to forgeries,
and crimes of all sorts, reaching to murder and to
suicide. .
The officials, clerks and deputies who may lose
their places because they fell victims to the entice
ments of the track gambling across the bay may ac
count themselves fortunate. They will have lost
little if the loss go no further than that. Other men
as good as they have lost money, honor, position,
hope and life itself.'
The answer to that question can be found in the
past records of the criminal courts, the prisons, the
poorhouse and the Morgue.
Since such demoralization of official work results
from the maintenance of track gambling at Emery
ville, what would be the result of track gambling at
Ingleside?
Track gambling is an evil carries its con
demnation with it/The moment it appears the
watchful eye can perceive the black shadow of wrong
and crime that follows it. Williams is not the only
employe of the city who has been led to the neg
lect of duty by its enticements. The Mayor states
that shortly after he took office his attention was
called to a carload of deputies and' clerks and other
officials bound for the ferry to take the boat to the
racetrack at Emeryville. He adds: "I was astounded
when the names of at least. a dozen on that car were
given me. I was expressing my surprise at the
audacity cf these employes when on the next car an
other group was pointed out to me, also -boflnd for
the racetrack, among them being Mr. Williams. On
the preceding car had been at least two of his depu
ties, and as this was a business day it struck me as a
most outrageous proposition that both principal and
deputies should thus neglect their duties."
ON Monday an ordinance was introduced at the
meeting of the Board of Supervisors to
amend the anti-poolselling ordinance which,
if adopted," will authorize the, resumption of track
gambling at Inglcside racetrack. On. Tuesday Maydr
Schmitz found it necessary to suspend Justices' Clerk
Williams from office because Williams had been
found to spend a considerable portion of the busi
ness hours of the day at the Emeryville racetrack in
stead of in his office.- In considering what they shall
do with the amendment proposed on Monday the
Supervisors will do .well to heed the significance of
the Mayor's action on Tuesday.
LOTTERY TICKETS GO
UP IN CURLING SMOKE
SOME ANSWERS'
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
After all the whole wrangle is but a battle in the
clouds. There, is nothing of solid earth at stake on
the issue. We are not holding any grudge against
Austria or her good ,- old lEmperor for. ""doing -what
he did, nor are we * feeling ' any ; profound } gratitude
toward those who declined to -assist him. • There was
a little cloud in the sky ; at the time, but it was never
dangerous and it 'soon' passed away, dissipated by the
concussion of Dewey's • guns. ."- Uncle V Sam confronted
it calmly then, and/looks back upon ; iti serenely now.
"With malice toward none, ; but with charity , to all,"
he is willing to forgive and forget. ' • ."¦¦
matter of fact, the chief > obstacle in the ;way of .a
European coalition was trie United States herself; .We
were . saved by our own- strength as, compared with
the weakness of a divided and' discordant Europe,
and the victory in Manila Bay did more to put an
end to Austria's efforts vthan any, confidence Austria
had in the Pope. ' . *' ' " - :
TRACK GAMBLING AGAIN.
THE SAN ;FRA-N& JANUARY 23, 1902.
6
By Win. G. Layng — Thursday, January 30, at 11 o'clock,
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
Central — "The Fire Patrol."
Alcazar — "For the White Rose."
Columbia. — "The Priacees Chic." «.
Orjiheunj — Vaudeville.
Gra=d Opeia-bouse — "Don Caesar de Bazan."
California— "The Mountebank."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlne.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
v HOW THE PHILIPPINES
SHOULD BE GOVERNED. —
By BrigadiavGeneral Frederick Funston. IIZIZZIZZZZZZZZZIZZZZIZ^IZ
ARE WOMEN'S CLUBS A =| the sunday call is the
BAR TO MATRIMONY? best literary paper OiN
- By Kate Tyson Marr. THE PACIHC COAST.
THE LATEST IN HOUSE =Z
DECORATIONS. ZT
EARLY DAY ACTORS AND ¦ . —
ACTRESSES. .
Next Sunday's Call
• '•• •.•."'" '¦/ •-,' ¦' ¦' '- "DICK BOYLE'S BUSt-
-.. •, . . •' / .-' . " — NESS CARD."
"' — - — '_'" / '"*".''• — • ' • A Wester n Fiction Story by Fret Harte,
~ ¦ — ,... '¦,,.. _.-'./..,,,',- . written in bis happiest Tein.
•¦¦v -•'¦¦-•¦• : :-- - ; ____ READ YOUR FUTURE IN
eight pages of color | THE STORY OF THE STARS.
;THAT ARE PLEASING TO .-, ~'l -
; &^ : Vra^^V--\:HrH- THE WOMAN WHO DRESSES
¦¦:¦ ,';.-/¦. ;"'•; " ¦ ¦ " ¦ "' " - IN' BLACK.
-¦¦:'¦¦ ¦¦ :'¦ ' ¦ ¦-.• ¦•. -.. : flight of the queen of
•.: ';::•. -¦•¦¦¦•.-¦-:•.• ,.:..-• :- Chinatown.TRAGEDIAN WHO WILL. EN
TERTAIN LOCAL ELKS AT
THE CALIFORNIA.
Members of the Deutscher:' Club' ¦¦'will
hold a reception at Golden Gate Hall. this
evening. 'A musical programme has been
arranged and dancing will ¦ also I form - part
at the, entertainment.
Deutscher Club to : Entertain.
;To-day.,we will put on sale one thou
sand pairs of ladies' shoes Jnvici kid and
patent . leathers, t French . ', and ; military
heels, -all^ sizes land -v widths,' up-to-date
styles for ' 51.85. ; ; No , pair I worth .less than
$3.50.,- Laird,' Schober &: Co:^ , 52.50 misses'
French kid' shoes for 50c; all sizes. ' At £rt
Kearny at..* near v Bush.: Formerly Rich
ard -Pahl's. • . •
Here Is a Hummer.
, Coroner Lelarid held an inquest yester
day in . the i case '. of Lily McDonald, the
young 1 telephone operator who was killed
In a - runaway accident' January 12." The
jurors 'rendered, a verdict ; to the . effect
that -the accident was caused by a run
away horse belonging to M. Rosa. & Co.
colliding with a Larkin street car, on
which Miss .McDonald 'was - riding, and
that they were unable to fix the blame.
Nobody Blamed for a Death.
; President, --'Mrs. J. C. Flood; vice presi
dents, Miss J."' White. I Dunne. M. Ma
lone and.|S. McLaughlin; secretary. Misa
R- Curtis; treasurer, ; Miss 'M. Quirk; ex
ecutive > committee.: Mrs. "T.. Brown, Mrs.
P. J. Haggerty and Miss H." Quirk.
Alumnae Elects Officers.
At the; secpnd; annual meeting, of the
Alumnae Association of St. Peler's 'Acad
emy, held .last Sunday, afternoon in St.
Peter's Convent, the ¦ following officers
were- elected: c ¦ -
r At the annuar meeting of. the board of
directors of the Pacific Hospital the fol
lowing officers were elected: Rev. Dr E'
A. , "Woods, pastor First Baptist Church'
president: Rev. Dr. :¦ J. Hemphlll ;¦¦" /pastor
Calvary Presbyterian Church, vice presi
dent: Rev." Dr. E. S. Ford, pastor -First
Christian Church, secretary; Rev." Dr. J
N. Beard, president deaconess work* di
rectors. Rev. Dr. E..Nelander, pastor
Evangelical Lutheran Church: Rev. J E
Moore, presiding elder' South. Methodist
conference; Rev. , Dr. William Rader nas
tor.'Third Congregational Church- J c
Campbell, commander Knights Templar-
G. T. Shaw, grand secretary I.. 0.-0 F '
Dr. H. A. Hess, surgeon ln'charge ''
Officers for Pacific Hospital.
The following divorce suits were filed
yesterday: Kathryn McElwee vs. James
McElwee, on the ground of cruelty: Mol
lle Robertson vs. Walter Scott Robertson
cruelty: Jennie Sumner vs. Glfford Sum
ner. desertion: ¦ Sophie. Bertand vs. Paul
E..Bertand, failure to provide.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a di
vorce to Mrs. S. C. Foltz from S. 0.
Foltz on the ground . of cruelty. Foltz,
who is a member of the firm of Wetmore
& Cushing. originally brought suit a&alnst
his wife, and she in answer filed a cross
complaint, charging her husband with
cruelty. The defendant tezffled.to specific
acts of cruelty and ; was corroborated by
•witnesses. The court therefore granted
her a decree. , ... :.
Mrs. Foltz Is Granted a Divorce.
The finance committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association met yester
day afternoon and arranged plans for
raising funds to liquidate the indebted
ness on the association's property. Tha
work of the committee has been so suc
cessful that it Is expected that the en
tire debt will have been paid by the jubi
lee year, which will be 1903.
To Liquidate Indebtedness.
; . At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Light Company
held Tuesday afternoon the following
named directors were elected: William B.
Bourn, George H. Collins, William J.
Dutton, J. Downey Harvey, C. Ossrood
Hooker, Frank B. King. E. J. McCutchcn,
Louis E. Monteagle, Daniel T.
Murphy. A. H. Payson and Rudolph
Spreckels. Of this number those who
served on the former board are Messrs.
Spreckels, Payson, Murphy, Hooker and
Harvey.
The new board immediately proceeded
to organize. W. B. Bourn was chosen
president and Captain A. H. .Payson vice
president.
The financial . statement presented by
the secretary was as follows:
ASSETS.
Real - estate, construction and .'' i'
plant ... *9.70S.573 33
Pipes, conduits, lamps and me- -
ters 4.36, r >,38l 29
Patents and licenses 150,000 00
Oil. coal. etc. llO.l.TT 65
Cash on hand V lb.741 71
Sundry assets GS.882 1.J
Supplies, tools, etc...."........... 122.105 -U
Amounts due from consumer*.... 119,100 06
Amounts due from sales of res
idue, etc 28.0G7 J>4
Total ........ ..S14.6S9.075 12
LIABILITIES. '
Bonds . $623,000 CO
Interest on bonds ; 7,415 00
Unpaid dividends ..V. 7,605 12
Pay rolls due 33,149 80
Sundry credits . .;.".. .'.T;... .... 202.854 SS
Bills payable .: , - 315.000 00
Deposits on gas and current. 43,512 21
Depredation and reserve fund.... 412,253 75
Capital stock 12,094,284 36
. Total. ..........: ..$14,689,075 12
Elects a New Board of Directors to.
Serve During the Coming
Year.
GAS COMPANY HOLDS (
ITS ANNUAL MEETING
.-• The forthcoming Juvenile Fairyland
Carnival being of ; the nature of the
"Brownies", and similar spectacular pro
ductions, and also. being given in the Pa
vilion on a special stage with hundreds of
little children 1 around, has resulted in
many remarkable discoveries of extraor
dinary'histrionic ability among juveniles.
Some three hundred children take part In
this carnival, and among them are very
extraordinary: performers on musical' in
struments, some little dancers. of national
dances, such as. Scotch,- Irish and Spanish
dances, who would be considered phenom
enal on the best professional stages in
the United States.' There are also some
very remarkable performers on the piano,
who will make a name anywhere.
The Juvenile Fairyland Carnival opens
on February 8 and continues until Feb
ruary 15 in the big Pavilion. There will
be a number of society days and special
days for the Orphan Asylums of the city
and the i children will be admitted free.
The Pacific Cat Club Is arranging for a
beautiful exhibit of felines. There will
be championship . contests i one night for
cakewalkers for prizes and medals, also
cash prizes for the best little specialties
by ( children, 'and on one afternoon during
the week the babies will have a day. In
stead of being arranged in rows . or on
chairs or sitting in- the mothers' laps,
they will be viewed from baby coaches,
which will be beautifully -decorated and
adorned,, and prizes will be given to the
best decorated baby coach,- as weir as the
prettiest babies. The baby coach , parade
will be given in the Interior of the build
ing. The, fair will be .one continuous
round of pleasure for the little ones arid
their, parents. . ¦
Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
John Ivans, stage robber, thanked United
States District Judge de Haven yester
day for sentencing him to six years' im
prisonment in the penitentiary at San
Quentin on an indictment charging him
with robbing a carrier of United States
mails. Ivans pleaded guilty a few days
ago. * He contended all along that the
gun with which he held up the Mendoclno
stage near Ukiah was not loaded, and
this fact might have some weight with a
jury if he had stood trial in a State
court. . "> •
Stage Robber Goes to Prison.
At that hour all parties were in court,
and the scene that ensued was at times
dramatic. The divorced wife showed that
she hated the present wife, who is n
quiet, ladylike woman,- and when Arguello
said that if- he had the intention of ab
ducting the girl he would have waited till
a steamer was leaving for Central Amer
ica the divorced wife cried out, "Ha, ha!
He- has shown his hand now," and burst
into a hysterical fit of laughter. The
Judge continued the case till to-day and
allowed Mrs. Arguello to go on $25 bail,
and fixed Arguello's bonds in $500 or $100
cash. . ; ¦. • " ¦,.-¦¦-
Julius P. Arguello, for whose arrest a
warrant was issued Tuesday on a charge
of. abduction, walked into Judge Cabaniss*
court yesterday morning, leading his
daughter, Claire, by the hand. He was
accused by his divorced wife of abduct
ing the little girl, who was given into the
custody of the mother when the decree
was granted about two years ago.
Arguello denied that he had abducted
the girl, and stated that, seeing her almost
shoeless and wearing clothes that were
shabby, he and his present wife took her
with them to their notne and bought her
a new outfit. He telephoned to nis for
mer wife, telling her wnere the child was
and that she would stop at his house all
night. The little girl denied to the Judge
that her father had abducted her and
seemed to be very fond of. him. The
Judge told Arguello to return In the aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock wtih his wife, who
was included, in the charge, and he noti
fied the other parties to be there at the
same time. ' , . ¦ .
Between Him and His Divorced
Wife.
Dramatic Scene in the Police Courc
Alice Edith Dickason Blythe Is
) Cross-Examined at Length by
Attorney Hart.
The cross-examination of Alice Edith
Dickason Blythe was resumed yesterday
in Judge Hunt's-court by William H. H.
Hart, attorney for Mrs. Florence Blythe
Moore. The witness was placed on the
stand Tuesday by Attorney William T.
Baggett, who represents Hiram A. Un
ruh, who has sued the heiress to the
Blythe millions for possession of property
deeded to him by Alice Edith Dickason
Blythe.
Quite a little furor was created at the
morning session when Attorney Baggett
presented the witness with a bunch of
violets to sustain her during the rigid ex
amination. He apologetically stated that
the witness was addicted to fainting spells
and the' odor of violets always gave her
strength.
As the witness' feet could not reach the
floor by reason of the height of the wit
ness chair, the attorney for Unruh sug
gested that the clerk place a large book,
before her that she might use it as a has
sock. Attorney Hart suggested that the
box used for impaneling a jury be used,
as the trial of this case would last until
next vacation. He later stated that the
case would take many months, as the en
tire Blythe case would be reopened.
Alice Edith was under a cross-fire of
questions all day. She was asked par
ticularly about her studio in the Blythe
block. It developed that the rooms were
opposite the offices of the millionaire and
were located on the third floor. The wit
ness testified slje had a number of pupils
but could not remember their names By
dint of hard questioning Attorney Hart
learned that one of her scholars was a
Mrs. Guttierez, who was then a Miss San
chez of Los Angeles. She stated she In
troduced Mrs. Guttierez to Blythe The
attorney for the defendant tried to learn
from the witness what sign she had on
her door, but the witness could not re
member.
Walsh Still Leads Alpers.
Edwin J. Walsh, candidate for Super
visor on the Labor party ticket, continues
to gain over Supervfsor-elect Alpers. His
net gain yesterday was seven votes.- To
date he leads Alpers by twenty, votes
When he started in he was forty-six votes
behind Alpers.' In the recount yesterday
the Democratic candidates for Supervisor
lost twenty-five votes apiece in the Alms
house district. The voters In all instances
marked their ballots incorrectly. On the
day's count Alpers lost eighteen votes and
\\ alsh eleven, giving the latter a net gain
of seven votes for the day. -
' Customs Surveyor Spear filed a com
plaint yesterday with the Collector against
Moses S. Blackburn, the watchman em
ployed by. the Government and detailed
on guard at the point where the coolie
walked out. Blackburn will be called
upon to explain why he allowed the im
migrant to pass unchallenged, or why he
v- as absent. from his post. ,
A Chinese immigrant in transit to Mex
ico and , confined in the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company's detention shed
made his escape last Tuesday between
noon and 1 p. m. The escape showed re
markable astuteness on the part, of th-»
immigrant. Heretofore the score or more
of Chinese immigrants who escaped from
the' shed made their exeunt from the sky
lights or the windows and lowered them
selves from the roof by means of ropes.
But this ( transitory coolie disdained to
lower his dignity by breaking through a
skylight and climbing barbed wire fencos
in the midnight gloom. He simply walked
down the main stairway like a gentleman
and took a street car for Chinatown. The
simplicity -of this manner- of landing in
the country without the aid of the Chi
nese Bureau is the subject; of universal
admiration in Chinatown.
Mail Dock's Detention Shed
Without Challenge.
Immigrant in Transit Walks Out of
ESCAPE MADE EASY
. FOR DETAINED CHINESE
ARGUELLO DENIES THE
. CHARGE OF ABDUCTION
The Hofmanrr piano recitals, that will
take place on Tuesday and Friday after
noons of next week at the Columbia
Theater, are creating a great deal of at
tention. The advance sale of seats began
on Monday last at Sherman & Clay Hall
and the sale promises an exceptionally
large attendance. Mr.. Hofmann make's
his first appearance here, and the event
is one of the first musical importance.
The sale of seats for the se'eond series
of symphony concerts, to be given at the
Grand Opera-house under the auspices of
the San Francisco Symphony Society, Is
progressing briskly and shows consider
able improvement over the sale for th<»
last season. Director Paul Steindorff Is
hard at work with his capable orchestra
with Giulio Minetti as concertmeister, and
he is confident that the forthcoming con
certs will be ¦¦" an* artistic success. ' The
subscription list will remain open at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s until the end. of the
week, and next Tuesday the sale of seats
for single concerts will begin. The first
concert will take place on January 31.
Ella Burt Is still coasting the chutes on
her bicycle.
George E. English, a commission mer
chant, living at 2417 Howard street, testi
fied that he saw a man knock Rice down,
after which another man fired four shots
at the fallen machinist. The defendant
was pointed out to the witness, but lie
could not say positively that he was ths
man who had done the shooting.
Louis R. Levy was on the car on the
night of the tragedy, and when he heard
the shooting he left the car and saw two
men' .running down Twentieth street to
ward Shotwell. On the following day he
identified Buckley as one of the men
who ran from the scene of the crime.
Witnesses will be produced to-day who
will positively identify the defendant ns
the man who shot Rice. The testimony
will also show that the murder of Rice
was deliberately planned and executed.
Dr. Thomas D. Maher, resident physi
cian of the County Hospital, next testi
fied to the fatal character of Rice's
wounds. He was present when Buckley
was placed before the dying man for
purposes of identification, but the latter
could not identify the defendant as his
assailant. All he knew was. that the man
who shot him wore a white hat.
Rice was on his way home and had
just alighted from a Howard-street car
at the crossing of Twentieth street, when
Moran, it is claimed, sprang from the
same car and knocked him down with a
club. Buckley, the prosecution allege!*,
then 'approached from the other side of
the car and shot the half-unconscious
machinist three times. Inflicting wouna.s
which resulted In his death at the County
Hospital the following morning.
Buckley was represented by Attorneys
Ferral and Murphy, and the interests of
the people were in the hands of Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Alford and Attor
ney Peter F. Dunne. The first witnedd
called was George W. Russell, draugnts
man of the Police Department, who ex
plained a diagram of the scene of tno
muraer.
The trial of William Buckley, who, with
Thomas Moran, Charles Donnelly and
Edward Duncan, is charged with the
murder of George W. Rice, a non-union
machinist, on the evening of October 11
last, was begun before a Jury in Judge
Lawlbr's court yesterday. No matter
what the verdict of the Jury in Buckley's
case may be, the trials of the other de
fendants will follow in quick succession.
Bert Parker thinks, according to let
ters written to Treadwell, that a woman
named Sadie Ward, who used to live on
Bouldin Island, may. have abducted the
child, as she was very fond of her. He
also suspects Mrs. Ed Dean, wife of tha
engineer of the steamer T. C. Walker, of
knowing something about the where
abouts of Ida. He will give a liberal re
ward to any one giving information that
will lead to her recovery. Ida was II
years old last August, has blonde hair
and. a very pale clear skin. Another
person whom Parker . suspects is John
Breslin, whose wife keeps a lodging-house
somewhere in : this city. He had been
trying to get possession of the child for
some time.
Treadwell alleges that he saw both the
matrons at the City Prison and neither
remembered of any little girl being placed
in their charge by Kane about that time.
He also alleges that the police deny 'that
Kane ever mentioned the matter of the
girl's disappearance to them. He says as
win. apply tor another writ of habeas
corpus to compel Kane to tell what he
knows in court about the girl.
j^arKer ttien employed 'l'readwell to find
out what Kane nau done witn tne child,
and Jureadweli says' that when he saw
Kane ne was tola that tne cniiu had been
stolen from him by some woman. : tie
had left tne child with one of the matrons
in the City Prison tiil he^went to the City
Hau to apply tor guardianship papers,
and during nis absence a woman had
caued to see the cmla, saying tnat Kane
had sent her. The woman kissed the
child and talked with her tor some time.
Next day the child disappeared. When
Kane was asked why he nad taken the
girl from her mother he replied that he
old it from notification received, but de
clined to give its nature. He said he had
notified the police of the little girl's ab
duction, but.no trace of her could be
found.
The child is Ida Parker, 11 years of age,
and her mother is the wife of Bert Par
ker, son of R. B. Parker, grocer, Center
and Lafayette streets, Stockton. The lit
tle one took Parker's name after her
mother's marriage to him. It is alleged
that while Mrs. Parker was visiting
friends at Clay and Powell streets, in
this city, about seven weeks ago with the
little girl Kane came into the house and
announcing his 'name and showing his
star said he would take care of the child.
The mother protested, but Kane took the
child away. A writ of habeas corpus
was sued out by a lawyer from Stockton,"
but service could not be made upon Kane
lor a month, as he could not ue found,
and the writ was dismissed.
:. A most remarkable case of the disap
pearance or abduction of a little girl was
brought to the attention of Police Judge
Conlan by ex-Judge Treadwell yesterday.
It places Frank J. Kane of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children in a peculiar light.
Parents of Little Ida
Parker/Say She Has
Disappeared.
Prosecution Endeavore
to Fasten Murder on
* William Buckley.
WITNESSES TELL
OF RICE'S DEATH
DEMAND THEIR
CHILD OF KANE
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president "of the
State University, mentioned that Gov
ernor Taft was engaged in the largest ed
ucational enterprise in the world—educa
tion in the highest sense. He gloried m
what the commission had done in quick
ening the sense of responsibility in the
Filipino mind. It was right to hold back
the arm of force to quicken this sense.
The danger Is that people of their tradi
tion will lose sight of government. It is a
fault of the Spanish' that they are bad
losers and that the minority falls to ac
cept the judgment of the majority. Presi
dent Wheeler fancied that such an object
lesson as Governor Taf t's daily life af
forded was just what the Filipinos needed.
Colonel Jesse B. Fuller, secretary of the
league, presented the merchants and ota
ers to the distinguished guest.
General James F. Smith, responding to
a call for a speech, said he had nothing to
offer beyond the suggestion that the op
portunity had arrived for spreading the
gospel of liberty and that the time' was at
hand for giving the Filipinos as large a
measure of liberty as they were capable
of • using.
In closing his remarks Governor Taft
said his armor was still on, and probably
would be worn for two years. When it
was laid aside he might speak with great
er freedom. He again assured his hearers
that the outlook for the adjustment of af
fairs on the lines of peace and prosperity
was encouraging. The Governor re
marked that he would return from the
East in two months. His speech was
warmly applauded.
General W. H. L. Barnes, being re
quested by President Pippy to speak, re
ferred to the difficult work accomplished
by; the commission in its dealings with
people whose thought was hostile to ours.
He remarked that the people here did not
believe the . reports that the commission
was fifty years ahead of time and that
guns only were needed to govern the Fili
pino. In closing his brief speech General
Barnes mentioned the loss sustained by
the country in the death of President Mc-
Kinley, and pathetically described the la
mented President's prolonged sojourn in
San Francisco.
We desire to run a good government in the
Philippines. It is true that the money could
be appropriated from the' United States Treas
ury- to meet the expenses of government, but It
is better that the Filipmcs should I pay. A
great deal ol misinformation is brought here
by people who have only seen one town in the
Philippines. Busy Americans hardly take time
to compare geographical facts with historical
facts. ¦ ¦ It is said that the people of the United
States know very little about the Philippines,
and "possibly this Is true. I know that my
geographical knowledge was limited. The sit
uation is difficult to describe, but it is plain
that the progress of civilization in the Phil
ippines will redaund greatly to the commer
cial benefit of California.,
At. the. Union League Club yesterday
afternoon Governor W. H. Taft met many
representative citizens- ok San Francisco.
The occasion was a recepuon in his honor
tendered by the lague- Colonel George H.
Plppy. president of the club, introduced
the distinguished Governor of the archi
pelago. In responding to the happy intro
duction Governor Taft 'expressed his
thanks, for the kindly greeting. He re
marked that the, relation of California to
the' Philippines was so close that Califor
nians would be something, other than
human if they did not take an interest in
affairs relating to ; the islands. The chief
difficulty he found in working for . the
American public was a desire of the peo
ple jj that everything should be done ; at
'once. The problems In the Philippines, he
said, were not capable of instant' solution.
Still he was much encouraged, and re
marked that the prospects of peaceful and
permanent adjustment were never brignt
er. Continuing he said:
the Islands.
Expresses Belief , That Peace
Will Soon Reign on
A ladies' skating match and the ama
teurs in a new bill are the special attrac
tions at the Chufes and Zoo to-night.
GAVE WITNESS VIOLETS
TO PREVENT FAINTING
The Da Coma family of men and women
acrobats is causing a furor at the Or
pheum this week. The Taylor twin sisters
give a unique skating act, and Ada Ar
noldson, the Swedish sweet singer, re
ceives several encores at every perform
ance. Besides these are Kara, the great;
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane in "Am I
Your Wife?"; Jacques Inaudi, the light
ning calculator; Arthur Buckner, the
trick bicyclist; the three Faust sisters,
acrobatic dancers, and the biograph. Next
week comes the great "cycle whirl," and
Josephine Sabel, the "little woman with
the big voice."
The Central has its usual kind of good
bill In "The Fire Patrol." The melodrama
is as stirring«as they make them and is
full of thrilling incident and picturesque
effects. The cast is comprised of the best
Of the Central Stock company, who till all
necessary requirements, and the me
chanical and electrical effects are unusu
ally startling. Next week another mys
tery story will be put on, entitled "A Man
of Mystery." . .
"For the White Rose" is running still at
.the Alcazar to good houses. The play has
found favor with the patrons of the house
and will remain the attraction up to and
including Sunday night. Next week a new
farce, on the order >of those in which the
clever company at the Alcazar has done
such good work, will be put on. It is
called "Coralie & Co., Dressmakers."
The Grand Opera-house has an excel
lent attraction this week in Edwin Arden
in the - Salvini version of "Don Caesar de
Bazan." Mr. Arden has made a pleasing
success in the name role and has proved
himself an actor of exceptional achieve
ment. He is, well supported by the house
company, particularly by Herschel May
all, who has a part that suits him admir
ably in Don Jose, and takes full
advantage of its opportunities. Laura
Nelson HalWs also^ pleasing, and the rest
of the cast more than usually effective.
Next week Mr. Arden's play "Zorah" will
be put on.
"The Toymaker" will hold the boards
for this week only at the Tivoli, which is
all too short a time for the pretty opera.
As before/ the Toymaker will make a
present of a toy from his store to each
child, attending the Saturday matinee.
Next week the opening proper of the reg
ular comic opera season takes place, with
Frank . Daniels' great success "The
Ameer" as the bill. The new and old
stars of the season, Anna Lichter, who
arrived here on Tuesday after, an absence
of two years; mostly spent in study, in
Germany, Frances Graham, Annie Myers,
Harold Gordon, Arthur Cunningham, Ed
ward Webb, Ferris Hartman and Harry
Cashman, will all make their appearance
and inaugurate a season that promises to
be one of the most successful that the
popular house has ever had.
."The Princess Chic" is proving a decided
success at the Columbia Theater, -where
it will remain all of this and next week.
The music of the work is bright, .catchy
and well rendered by the large company
of talented singers. Maude Lillian Bern,
who beads the company, gives an excep
tionally interesting and effective portrayal
of the title rple, and is ably assisted by
Hubert Wilke, Walter A. Lawrence, Fred
erick Knights, Thomas C. Leary, Edward
S. Metcalte, Neil McNeil, Dorothy Hunt
ing, Edna Floyd and others. "The Prin
cess Chic" will be presented every night,
including Sundays. t The next attraction
for the Columbia is one of special import
ance, as it is none other than Viola Al
len in her successful production of the ro
mantic play "In the Palace of the King."
Miss Alien is a favorite here, and will no
doubt be warmly welcomed by the play
going public. ' •
noted member of the order, and
the Elks have given him royal receptions
wherever, he has gone this season. After
the performance to-night Mr. Warde will
receive the local Elks at the California,
and there will be refreshments served in
the ladies' parlor. An overflowing house
can safely be counted on. jj To-morrow
night "VIrginius" will be played by Mr.
Warde and his powerful ' company, "The
Mountebank" Saturday afternoon and his
masterpiece, "King Lear," on Saturday
night. On- Sunday night comes popular
Ben Hendricks in his familiar Swedish
comedy. "Ole Olson."
TO-NIGHT will be "Elks' night" at
the California/- . with Frederick
Warde in his favorite role, "The
Mountebank." Mr. Warde is a
President of Philippine
Civil Commission at
a Reception.
Tragedian to Entertain Antlered Brothers at
California«=Other Theaters.
CITIZENS GREET
GOVERNOR TAFT
DELUDED GIRL
LEARNS TRUTH
Leo Nielsen of Berkeley
Pound in Chicago by
Detectives.
Haley Makes Confession' of
His Perfidy to the 0:
Officers."
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
. CHICAGO, Jan. 22.— Leo Nielsen, the
Berkeley. Cal.. girl who mysteriously dis
appeared from her home last November
in company with C. E. Haley, a married
man. has been located by detectives in a
Dearborn avenue lodging-house in :this
city. She has been restored to her sister,
Mrs. Howard Linsley, who came East re
cently for tlje purpose of finding the de
luded young lady and acquainting her
with Haley's rascality. The two women
left for San Francisco- on the evening
trainl ¦
Miss Nielsen was prostrated when she
learned of tlie true state of affairs, and
refused to allow Haley to see her. It wa»
learned from the girl that her supposed
husband had told her that he had been
divorced from his wife. They went to
Reno, Nev., and were married, as she sup
posed. They then left for this city, where
he secured a position as stenographer in
the office of a well-known drygoods firm.
She stated that he had been j very kind
to her, but that she had been greatly
troubled because of his desire to keep
their movements secret. Nevertheless she
had reposed the greatest confidence In his
representations, and the shock of dis
covery rendered her nearly insane.
The papers in a suit for maintenance
brought by Haley's real wife were served
on the deceiver, and he broke down com
pletely, making a free confession of his
crime. Mrs. Linsley states that the fam
ily does not intend to prosecute Haley,
and his wife, it is said, is willing to let
the matter drop provided he doesn't ap
pear in California again. It seems prob
able therefore that the young criminal
will be allowed to go unpunished. He is
said to belong to a prominent family in
Berkeley, Cal.
Mrs. Nielsen, the girl's mother, was
overjoyed when Informed that her daugh
ter had at last been found and would
soon be home. She says that Investiga
tions have resulted in the discovery that
the alleged marriage at Reno, Nev., was
a fake, pure and simple, intended merely
to deceive the young lady. v
DAYLIGHT BUEGLAB MAKES
AH" ATTACK ON A WOMAN
Exciting' Experience of Sirs. G.
Rapp in Her Home on Howard
Street.
Mrs. G. Rapp, 834 Howard street, had
an exciting encounter with a burglar
Tuesday afternoon. She had been out
for a few moments and when she re
turned she was surprised to see a man
in one of the rooms.
"What are you doing here?" she asked.
The man, with an oath, sprang at her,
and grabbing her by the throat, threat
ened to kill her if she made an outcry.
She screamed for help and the man threw
her against the wall and ran out of the
front door. He had evidently effected an
entrance by means of a false key.
Mrs. Rapp reported the matter to the
police and described the burglai> He did
not have time to take anything.
Last Night of Photographic Salon.
To-night- Mark Hopkins Institute. of
Art. Last concert and exhibition of Ar
ti&tic Photographs; 7:30 to 10. Admission,
25 cents. . ¦ • •
Sent to Folsom Prison.
Judge Dunne yesterday sentenced Feliz
Robins to nine years* imprisonment in
Folsom for robbery. Juries in his court
brought in verdicts of guilty against
James" H. Barker and J. T. Moran for
assault and for robbery. The defendants
will be sentenced next Wednesday.
FELLOW ELK5 WILL HEAR
WARDE IN "MOUNTEBANK"
\ THE SAK ; FRANCISCO: ' CAii^THTJRSDAY;;; JANUARY ¦-; 23, 1902.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers" district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance-
American and European plans.
AITUSEMS-NTS.
COLUMBIANS
EVERY XIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
All This Week and Next Week.
KIRkti LA SHELLE OPERA CO.
In the Merry Musical Success.' THE
PRINCESS
. O/-//C.
An Elaborate Opera Comique.
Seats for next week now ready.
Commencing MONDAY, February 3
VIOLA ALLEN,
And' Ccmpany presenting
"IN THE PALACE OF THE KING."
Seats ready Thursday ct next week.
Extra — Matinee Recitals — Afternoons of
TCEfDAT. Jan. 2S. and FRIDAY. Jan. 31.
JOSEF" HOF/VIANN,
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— $2. $1 50. « and 50c.
Seats selling at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a.
UATIXEES EATTTRDAY AXD SCXDAY
EVERY EVENTING THIS WEEK.
Continued Success of
EDWIN ARDEN -
In an Elaborate Production of Alexander Sal-
vici's Original Version of
"DON C£SAR DE BAZAN."
'POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 13c, 25c 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next "Week— EDWIN ARDEN in "ZORAH."
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane.
BELASCO^oTHALCQ^i^
¦ "^ vmn ui w tutu
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT. fW T~Y TT^ Th» Exciting
All This Week. ' I 8 B i/^ and Powerful
Mat. Saturday I fig T^. Melodrama,
and Sunday. JL A.JLJL-A
__ _. ____ Marvelous
PRICES. T^TTTlTTl Electrical
Evg E 10c to %4 I fLJ Li and
60c; Matinees. I 1 I JP1 § A Mechanical
lOc. 15c. 25c. •^ -^ -^ *• •^ — Effects.
PATROL!
JCext Week — "A MAN OF MYSTERY."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
TOT SOUVENIR MATINEE on SATURDAY
-\"i; AT 2 SHARP!
COME AXD 8HE THAT FUNNIEST OF
FELLOWS."
THE TOY MAKER
EVERY CHILD GETS A TOY ON SATUR-
DAT AFTERNOON.
MONDAY. January 27th.
F"R/\I\K: DANIELS'
GREATEST HIT!
"THE AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
A BIG, BUMPTIOUS BILL!
Da Coma Family; Ta'ylor Twin Sis- i
ters; Ada Arnoldson, and the Bio- !
graph, showing "The Living
Flag." Last times of Kara tha
Great; Three Faust Sisters; Ar-
thur Buckner; Jacques Inaudi, and
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane.
Reserved Seats. 25c; . Balcony, 10c; Box
EeatE and Opera Chairs, 50c.
ftYH bat r anMHk
BELASCO & THALL, Mgrs.
...LAST WEEK...
The Eig Romantic Success,
rOF Liie
White Rose.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c
Keit— COBALIE & CO., Dressmakers.
LAST TIMES— THIS WEEK.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Own Company.
THIS EVENING and Saturday Matinee,
"THE MOUNTEBANK."
To-Morrow Night. "VIRGINIUS."
Saturday Night— Farewell— "KING LEAR." ¦
Next— Sunday Night, ' /
MR- Bi N HENDRICKS
' In the Swedish Comedy Play.
"OLE OLSON."
SEATS READY. * '
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA QUIRT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
SPECIALTO-HIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
And a LADIES\SKATINfl MATCH.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
|ljl^> RACING
Every Week Day —
"^ Rsin or Shine*
.NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races rtarl at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:20. 2. 2:30 and 3 p.m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance ' to tb«
track. Lt&t two cars on train reserved tcr
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu.
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
- land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
sect frith San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
' teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
. Returning — Trains leave the track at 4: IS
and 4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
, CHAS. F. PRICE. 6*cy. and Mcr.
The Weekly Call.
St pci* Year.
After Over-indulgence
get your stomach and liver
into proper condition by us-
ing this renowned old family
remedy
j Sold Eyery where— In boxes 10c. and 2So« *
\ m F*$ LA I BSm ¦cvjcCkI Pf A fU3 utj m
' f I UnS ssV m VJS9 itt \b9SHb] VmB bWI m -
CENTRAL PARK,
Market street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS, SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
GRAND TOURNAMENT SATURDAY. Jan.
25th, for the benefit of . .
DOCTOR'S /DAUGHTERS.
Extraordinary
Bargains.
LADIES' CAPES, trimmed with fur,!
value for $4.09. Sale $| flfj|
price. iiuUi
LADIES' EMBROIDERED WOOL I
WAISTS, value for $0 cflg
S5.C0. Sale price. ZiOUl
LADIES' BLACK SUITS, tailor I
made, value for $15. $7 Cji|
Sale price....... f iJU 1
liiili
I 1146 MARKET ST.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Praises Pyramid
/ Pile Cure.
Mrs. Aaron Medron of Savannas, Ga., writes:
"I had piles and ] rectal trouble for years nnttl I
It 'was unbearable any longer. As I had often
teen Pyramid Pile Cure advertised I determined
to try it. and for two years have never ceased
to congratulate myself that I dtd so. for I
have been entirely cured of rectal troubles and
two packages of the Pyramid did It."
The Pyramid Pile Cure contains no cocaine,
opium nor any injurious drug whatever, and Is
absolutely safe, painless and never falls to cure
piles in any form.
Druggists sell full sized " treatment of this
remedy for BO centa.
corrftMHT i*m •» tm« PBOcrta A tuiaia co. cwewun
WITHIN REACH.
la of its low price Ivory Soap is
' Tnj within the reach of all. Besides its low
••[¦ cost it has the advantage that it is
entirely satisfactory for so many varied uses; ?
it will do the work of a half dozen kinds
of soap each intended for a special purpose*
t IVORY SOAP IS 99 *MZ» PER CENT. PURE.
AMUSEMENTS.
A Tl VH H.TTSn?.TVTTrKPPCNEW YORK, Jan. 22.— An Important
meeting •• of the \ directors of , the Cramp
Steel Company, Ltd..' was^held at the
offices of the company here January it
Mr. H. Prentlss Taylor of San Francisco
and New York was elected a director
It Is understood that the plant- of* the
company at Colllng-wood. which.. -will have
an output of 300 tons of steel dally will
be In full- blast in. June' next, -and' con
tracts are now. being. made for future de
livery. The. product will be 'chiefly mer
chant bar steel rods and billets This
plant will' be installed just as rapidly aa
the buildings are completed. It la alto
gether likely the company, will add a
Beam Mill to the present plant
CHICAGO, Jan. 22.— CATTLE — Receipts,
12,000, including 500 Texans. Westerns, steady
to 15c lower. Good to prime. '$5 CO® 7 40; poor
to medium, $4@U: stackers and feeders,: $2 25©
4 75: cows, $2 25@4 75; heifers, $2 50@5;c£V
ners', ?1@2 25; bulls, $2 25@4 75; calves, 82 00
@0: Texas steers. $3 25@0.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 58,000; to-morrow
40.000; left over. 12,000 head. Market slow and
10@15c lower. Mixed : and butchers', - $5 8O3)
0 40; coocl to choice heavy. $0 20@0 42V. •
rough heavy. f5 »0®0 J5; \Hght, $5 G0@5 95 :
bulK of sales, $5 85@0 30. x - . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000. .Sheep, steady;
lambs, feteady. to choice wethers, $4 300
5; fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 60; Western
sheet). $4 25@5 15;:. native lambs. $3 50@G;
AVestern lambs, S5@3 S5.
•ST.. JOSEPH. X^:/
ST. JOSEPH. Jan. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
• VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles,. 5c; String ' Beans ' from Los r Angeles,
15@20c; Cabbage, -40@50c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 50(31 75 per box and !
per.: crate; Dried. Peppers, 10@12VsC; per ¦ lb;
Los Angeles do, luffllSc; Dried Okra. "12^iS/
15c per lb; Carrots. 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@1'25 per dozen for, large and
50©75c for '. small ; Garlic, 1U@214c; • Los An
geles Green Peppers, ¦ 25c ; Egg . Plant * from Los
Angeles,. 20@25c: Summer Squash ' ' from Los
Angeles. ?1 25@1 .75; Marrowfat Squash. $8@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, ?S@10; Mushrooms,
nominal.. .
POTATOES— ?1@1 L'5 for Burbanks from
the. liver;. Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@i;75; Ore
gon : Burbanks.' $1, ,25©1 05; Oregon Garnet
Chiles.' $1 40@l 50; Rlvfx Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed. 51 30© 1 40; Sweets, $1 25
for Merced. ,r -.. ,• • ¦ -
ONIONS — Oregons, $1 75@2; Green Onions,
50@75c per bos. ,, . .. ,. . . ;¦ ?¦ ¦;.'%. -¦.:.¦..-
Receipts of Southern vegetables were light
and most kinds sold' readily, at- higher prices.
Peas. . which have been accumulating for the
past week. ; cleaned up and the market is. In
good shape. all around. • ¦ . ¦ ¦...-*. .-
' There is nothing new to report in Potatoes or
Onions. Stocks are ; plentiful and high prices
still rule. ¦ ' ¦ ¦;.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . . . March. May.
Opening 6 2>4 . R 2%
Closing ..,6 1% 6 2i&
PARIS.
Wheat — ' Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 21 70 „. 22 75
Closing 21 50 " 22 CO •
- Klour — *¦-•- .-
Opening 27 75 2S 65
Closing :. 27 G5 ' 28 50
' . WEDNESDAY. Jan. 23—4 p" m.
. Bid. Ask. I Bfd.Ask
Alpha — Ol'Justlce- ©5 06
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes ....... — 01 Lady Wash.. 01
Belcher ...... Of) 10 Mexican 20 31
Best & Belch • 12 13 Occidental ... 08 09
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophlr ....... go fcl
Caledonia ... 22 2-°. Overman 10' 11
Challenge Con 11 . 13" Potosl, .;..... 14 .jr
Chollar 12 n Savage 05 Ofi
Confidence . . 55 61 Scorpion .... <u
Con C & Va.l 30 1 35 Seg Belcher. . ttl at
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra- Nev. ..- is • 10
Con New Y.. — 01 Silver Hill .. 4-V 45
Crown Point. 07 C8 St Louis 05 _
-F.urekaCon.. 20 — Standard 3 10 3 40
Exchequer .'. — 02 Syndicate ... OO 07
OouUl & Cur 0« 07 1 TT tl lon Con .. 12 1.1
Hale & Nor. 33 -.14 Utah 02 03
Julia .........— 0 V Yellow Jacket 07 C8
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
There Is nothing new to report. The market
Is dull at the old quotations, except Pinks,
•which are weaker under free offerings.
'•BEANS — Bayos. $2 60(Ej!2 60; Small White,
$3@3 25: Large White. $2 90<g;T 1(»: Pea, $3 60
@4; Pink, $2@2 10; -Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye
$3 50@3 65; Limas, $4 40@4 65; Red Kldneya,
$3 50(S3 75 per ctl. ¦ ' ¦
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 S5@3; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40®2 75; Canar>,
3U@3%c 'for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utali.
8%c: Rape, lV»@19ic; Hemp, 3^c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25©1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 60 per ctl. •
Beans .and Seeds.
•Cubes, Crushed and . Fine Crushed. 5.05c •
Powdered." 4.90c; Candy, Granulated". 4.90c; Dry
Granulated,. 4.80c;.* Confectioners', •; A. 4.60c;
Fruit Granulated." 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb Mgs only). '4.70c: Magnolia A.. 4. 4Oc;- Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4. 10c ;> barrels, 10c
more ; hal f-barrels, ; 25c more : boxes, 50c more;
00-lb bags,;10c more. No orders taken for less
COAL t OIL— Water .Whitp. Coal Oil. In bulk
13%c;~ Pearl Oil, in , casesT^ 20c;- Astral." 20c-
Star, 20c: Extra Star,' 24c; Elaine, 25c; -Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c; In
eases. 21%c; -Benzine.. In bulk, 14c: In cat.es,
20%c; 86-degree; Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
cases, 2C\ic ¦¦. ¦ . - • . . .
f T1IRPENTINK— 65c per gallon- in cases and
59c in" drum;:, and iron barrels. .
SIJGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, . per lb; ¦ in 100-lb bags:
- Oil'— California Castor Oil, . in cases, No. 1
70c; pure, ;?1 20; - Linseed .Oil, In barrels)
boiled, . , J4c '.raw," 72c; cases, 5c • more ; Lucol,
64c for boiled and C2c for raw. in barrels;
Lard Oil.- extra, winter strained, barrels. 90c;
cases.- 93c: China Nut, • 57}4(g<$Sc per 'gallon;
pure 'Neatsfoot." in barrels, 7Oc; cases. - 75c:
Srerm, pure, • 65c; Whale Oil. natural white,
40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil, : - barrels, 5714c;
cases/ 42Vic: Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63Uc for
Ceylon and 5S%c for: Australian. •
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; . Southfleld
Wellington. S9: •'Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Coos Bay. ?5 50: Wallsend. $S 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, ifS 00; Cumberland, ?12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks;" Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
$15; ; Welsh. "Anthracite, $14; Cannel,: $11 par
ton;- Coke, ¦ $15- per ton- in .bulk and $17 in
sacks;: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and SS 50 per ton. according to brand.
.GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal • make, %c less than Caleuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c: " Fleece Twine. 7^@Sc. .
General Merchandise.
PORK— Ltve Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 6c:
under lf>0 ¦; lbs, 5H@5%c; sows, 20 per cent
off;, boars, .30 per cent off, and stags. 40 per
cent off ' from the above quotations; dressed
HOgS, 7@81SC. - ; : ; rl-'rj.-;-'.
VEAL — Large, ~Vj&0c; small, S@10c per lb
\ ¦ M1JTTON— Wethers, S@S^sc; Kwea, 7%@So
per lb.' - ' ¦'¦-¦.-
LAMB— Yearlings. 9@9t$c per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb.
. Hogs continue weak and some packers are
said to be securing supplies below : quotations.
A further decline is not unlikely. Other .meats
remain unchanged. .......
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: " y
BEEF — 7@7Vic for Steers and C@7c per lb
for Cows/ ' . ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
Cash quotations - were as . follows: Flour,
barely steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 72V.«S75u,c:
No. 2 red. 83%@S5c: No. 2 oats. 45V6<S>4»>i*c;
No. 3 white, 40V=@47Vic: No. 2 rye, l iS2 l^^iiiic;
fair to choice malting barley, Cl@64c; No, I
flaxseed. ?1 (57; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 71 'i;
prime timothy seed, $6 55; mesa- pork, per bar
rel, $10 25@10 30; lard, per 100 pounds, $i) SOffl
0 35; short-rib sides (loose), $8 20@R 40: dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $7 12V>@7 25; short
clear sides (boxed). $5 70@S SO; clover, con
tract grade. $9 C5@3 70.
Articles — J ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .....' 45,000 - . 31,000
Wheat, bushels 57,000 - ' 78.000
Corn. • bushels 121,000 » 100,000
Oats, bushels 2.K.000 217,000
Rye, bushels 10,000 R.OCO
Barley, bushels :... 62,000 > . 28.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery, 10®23%c; dairy,
14@20c. Cheese, steady, 10M@10%c. Eggs,
steady; fresh. 24@i>4J/jC.
.Hay dealers say that the rainfall Is still In
sufficient, and j.'port a continued firm market,
with . prospects for an advance . unless we get
more rp.ln. - • t '
: Feedstuff s are easier, but unchanged.
BHAN— ?1S 504119 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20<jJ21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1S@18 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at. the mill. J27@28; Job
bing.' ?2S r>0S>20: Cocoanut Cake, $3C(S21: Corn
Meal. $:jl@31 50; Cracked Corn, . $31 50@;C;
Mlxi-d Feed. $10 50017 50. . :
HAY — Wheat.' $95x12; fancy. $12 50® 13;
Wheat and Oat.' $9@12 50; Oat. $3 50011 50;
Barley and Oat. $S@I0; Alfalfa. 58©10; Clover,
$0 G0@7 50; Volunteer, $fi@S 50; Stock. . $G®
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. f
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra creem do, $l;:Oat Groats. $5; -Hominy:
*4«?4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4<g>4 23: Cracked
Wheat. ?3 50; Farina, . ?4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). ?(i 85@S 35;
In sacks. $6 50(§8: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75. ufcual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4G@3 50;
Oregon. ?2 75^?3 per barrel for family and $.Mi
3 S5 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $o$j!
Flour and 'Millstuffs.
Articles — Open. High. Low. ¦ Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .
January 75% 76Vi "5% 76U
May 7»Vj 7»Ti 7U 79%
July 70^ 70% 79 79%
Corn, .No. 2—
January ....'.... .... 60%
May 04% 64% 63% (H%
July <U% iii\i 63% (J4W,
Oats No. 2 —
May 4C.i,A 4<?i£ 45% 46U
July 4<Hi 40% 39% 4<Hi
September.. 33% V;.'..33%/ 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per barrel — "
July . . . : 1C 70 ' ¦ 16 75 '¦ - 16 55 1R GO
January . . ." ¦ • IB 20
May 16 07>,4 16 77% 16 50 16 5714
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January . . : . .... 0 30
May.... f) 52»3 9 57>4 9 45 fl 50
July 9 CO » 05 _0 53 9 00
Short Ribs, per 1C0 pounds —
January 8 25 8 30 S 25' 8 30 '
May S 52VS 8 CO " S 50 — 8 52^
HOPS— 0@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb.for
good to choice. Local dealers quote - lo@15c
lor shipment. ] " .
• WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin. 6©8c:' San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%<S8Vic; Middle County, -8@10c
per lb; Valley • Oregoa, spring, . 15® 15 >Ac; do,
lall. 14@15c?ner Ib -
HIDES AND SKINSr-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; .light, 9c: Cow
Hides, 9%c for ' heavy and . 0c - for 'light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9V.c; Salted Veal. 9'^c:
Salted Cair. 10c: Dry Hides. 16^c; Culls, 14c:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry CalfT 18SlS%c; Culls and
Brands, ICc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@:5Oi*
each; short Wool. 40<fi00c each; medium. C50
75c; long Wool. S0c<R$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
51 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@t 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium 'skins. 30c: winter . or thin skins, 20o.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. ~ 50c; medium, 35c."
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5^@6c per' lb;
No.- 2. 4%(a5c: grease, 2VS@3c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
' . ' Morning Session.
1000 Andes ....... 01 1000 Ophir S3
S(50 Best & Belch 12 200 Ophir 81
400 Best & Belch 14 1100 Potosl 15
400 Best &- Belch 13 400 Sierra Nev...' 20
70O Con C & Va.l 35 500 Silver Hill .. 44
200 Con C & V.I 32i,i 30O Union Con ... 14
900 Hale & Nor. 35 500 Utah 01
100 Mexican 31
Afternoon Session. *
400 Best & Belch 13 2C0 Hale & Nor. '34
300 Best & Belch 12 100 Mexican 30
7C0 Chollar 12% 200 Ophlr ¦ 8t
1000 Chollar 13 500 Potost 15
100 Con C & V.I 30 300 Potosl ....... 14
E00 Gould & Cur 07 500 Sierra Nev... id
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-b&rrals, 10c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces. 9%3 per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at S%c per lb for
compound and Uiic for pure: half barrels,
pure. ll%c: 10-Ib tins. 12'ic; 5-lb tins. 12%c:
3-lb tins. 12^ic. i
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12V.C for light medium, 13VjC for light.
14%c for extra light .find 15c for sugar-cured:
Eastern su«;ar-cured Ha-_i, 13c: California
Hams, Ilii(ffl2^c: M-rs Tieef, Sl0@10 50 per
t'&rrel; extra Mess, Kllfffll 50; Family, S12©
12 50: prime Mess Pork.^ $15; extra clear,
$22 MWJ23: Mess. $1S 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13Vj(ffl4c per pound.
Chicago was unchanged and reported a good
deal of scattered liquidation.
This market is very dull at the familiar
prices.
Provisions.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday,
becoming cloudy at night; light northerly
winds, changing to easterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, with
light to heavy frosts in the morning; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday; light northerly
winds.
The weather is generally clear over Califor
nia, but the pressure is beginning to fall along
tb> northern coast and the fair weather will
probtWy not last over thirty-six hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 'thirty
hours ending midnight. January 23, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, .with
rain Thursday night on the northern coast:
light northerly winds, changing to easterly:
light to heavy frosts Thursday morning.
The Etortn has moved steadily southeastward
end now overlies Arizona and New Mexico.'
Etow is falling in Northern . Arizona - and
Southern Utah.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CHICAGO, Jan. 22. — Business in tha wheat
pit was only fairly active to-day. Traders
were at a- loss to know which side of the mar
ket to espouse and as a result fluctuations were
as frequent as conflicting news came to hand.
At the outset cables were slightly: lower and
showed a tendency to follow the strength ex
hibited here yesterday. On other bearish news,
such as rains in California, promised snow in
the Southwest and hesitation in corn and oats,
May wheat opened easy. Vi@%c to %@V4c lower
at 79%c to 7914c. The coarse grains also felt
somewhat easy later, when wheat reflected
their condition. Denials came to yesterday's
rumor that frost . had damaged the Southern
Russian crop. • Sellers were prominent for a
short time, but the low prices Induced liberal
covering of the large short accounts and May
wheat went to 79;&c. Scalpers jumped into the
pit at every dip and helped a little to strength
en the market. Just when the traders began to
say that shorts had covered everything out
standing and that the market was in danger of
turning weak at 79VsC bullish news arrived
from the Southwest. Oklahoma wired that,
there had been no relief from the drought and
May sold up to 79%c, closing steady, a shade
higher, at 79%c.
Corn had only a fair trade and in the main
waited on wheat. May closed steady, a shade
lower, at O4?4c.
Oats were dull. May closed a shade lower at
46%c.
Provisions were weak on heavy hog receipts
and commission house selling. There was' some
covering by shorts on the breaks, but May pork
closed 25@27V4c down, lard 10c lower and ribs
7M:@lCc depressed. . •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Boston 44-3S Omaha 34-22
Cincinnati 38-2« Duluth 30-1S
Philadelphia 54-40 Chicago 34-
New York 50-42 St. Louis 36-32
Kansas City 32-18 Salt Lake City... 40-24
Jacksonville 68-42 Washington 50-30
Regular Morning Session — 2000 ctls, S3V>c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — There Is no further change to report,
the market* continuing as firm as ever.
Grays, $1 20S1 27V4; whites, $1 20@l 40;
Surprise. .<1 40(ffl 42%; black. ?1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20S1 30 for seed: red. $1 25@1 35
per rtl for feed and $1 32>4©1 40 for 'seed.
CORN — Chicago reported- the cash demand
poor, with liberal receipts.
The same condition prevails In this market
and offerings are considerably larger than they
have beep-
Largo yellow, ?1 Sl^Stl 42%: small round
do. $1 5O"B1 55: white. ?l 35^1 45 per ctl.
RYE— Firm at 83®90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 10,000
ctls, S2»ic: *C00, 82%c.
: Second Session — No sales.
Informal Session — 9:1."> o'clock — May — 24,000
ctls.. $1 CO; 26, C00, ?1 C91&. ;
Second Session— May — 4000 ctls, $1 09>-i ;
2000. $1 C0%.
Regular Morning Session— May — 2000. ctls.
$1 10; SCOO. $1 10Vi.
Afternoon Session — May — 12,000 ctls, SI 10;
10.000. $1 10V4. '¦,-.:
BARLEY — The spot' market, was firmer", with
sales of choice brlpht feed at'S6V»c
Feed,.S3@SC}ic for choice bright, 82>,A@S3%c
for No. land 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87«£@90c; Chevalier, oocQ$l
per ctL • : -. ¦
CALL BOARD <fALES.
¦ This market advanced on call, but remained
unchanged on the ertot. I •
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 07V-S1 0.3%; mill
ing, $1 10@l 12'4 per ctl.
W'HEAT — Paris 1 and Liverpool futures were
lower. ¦¦ t . . '
Chicago declined, but subsequently recov
ered. Lower cables weakened the market. The
recent snow in the winter wheat belt and rain
in California have done away with drought as
a bull factor for the time being. But, Kansas,
Indian Territory and Oklahoma report still a
lack of moisture and some«parts of Oklahoma
are reriorted "as dry as a bone:"
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, . sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — 4 Si)
New York Exchange, sight — 12V,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — -15
Silver, per ounce — 55Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal .. -45 @ 45^i
Exchange and Bullion.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, (itSTOVic; 40-50's, 4%@5%c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 00-70's, 3%«g4V4c; 70-SO's. 3Vi@3%c;
8C-90's. 2%@3V4c; 90-KWs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, '$2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 CO; London Layers — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown. 5Vic; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5 'Ac; Thompson
Seedless. 6V6c. Bleached Sultanas — Fancy,
SVjc; choice. 7>£c; standard. 9hici prime, 5%c;
unbleached Sultanas. 5c. Bleached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7'4c; prime, 6 ! ,aC. Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice. . seeded, 6%c; do, in bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice ' 6*-Jc per lb. .
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll«S12c: Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9¥>c; No. 2. 8@S%c: No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 10V3@12e for paper
shell" $>t?10c for softshell and fi@7c for hard
shell: Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts,
12(R12V.c: Filberts. 12@12i$c: Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY/ — Comb. 12@13c for bright and 10(9
l?c for light amber: water white extracted,
6@0c: lleht ambfr extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27UC29C per lb. v
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@S VjC for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks: Evap
orated Apples. 7%@8&c; sun-dried,' 4@4J4c;
Peaches, 5@7%c;, Pears, . 4%@S?4c; Plums,
pitted. 4Q5'^c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
514c for red and o%@6Vic for white; Figs, "4c
for black and 60@75c per box for white. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 22. 1902 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate as compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfall in the last twenty
four hours|
~——~ Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 16.16 30.41
Red Bluff 0.00 10.S0 15.41
Bacramento 0.00. 6.51 11.32
San Francisco 0.2S 6.60 13.01
Fresno T. 3.25 7.22
Independence 0.00 1.38 - 5.12
£an Luis Obispo 0.48 5.38 21.09
Los Angeles 0.11 2.71 8.23
San Diego 0.18 1.25 3.19
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
55; minimum. 44; mean. 50.
r, THE COAST RECORD.
•a ¦ ¦ k K a '» . 5
FTATIONS. S 8333 oS » o «
* £ • ** • 5 • o tr *% ' —
5 : 3 : 3 : 3 • - p
Astoria 30.06 46 36 NE Clear oTob'
Baker 30.12 30 26 NW Clear 0.00
Carson 29.96 36 28 NW Clear 0.00
Eureka 30.10 52 36 N Pt.CldyO.OO
Fresno 30.02 56 42 W Clear T.
Flagstaff 29.70 36 1« W Snow 0.02
Pocatello, lda.29.9S 28 26 SW Clear 0.02
Independence. .23. St 46 24 NW Clear 0.00
Los Angeles... 29. 96 «0 40 W Clear «0.11
Phoenix 29.80 62 34 W Clear 0.00
Portland 30.12 46 32 E Clear 0.00
Red Bluff 30.00 54 36 W Clear 0.00
Roseburg 30.08 42 3S SW Pt.CldyO.OO
Sacramento... 30.00 56 40 NW Clear 0.00
Halt Lake 29. S« 36 24 N Pt.CldyO.OU
San Frar.cisco.30. 04 50 44 W Clear 0.2S
S. L. Obispo... 30. 04 CO 42 W Clear 0.48
San Diego 29.98 60 46 SW Clear 0.18
Seattle 30.14 3tt 30 SE Cloudy 0.00
Spokane 30.22 32 20 S Cloudy 0.00
Neah Bay 30.04 44 36 E Clear 0.00
Walla Walla. .30.12 32 28 S Cloudy T.
Winnemucca.. 29.98 34 16 E Cloudy 0.00
Tuma.... 29.84 <54 SS W. Clear 0.00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern staions:
LONDON, Jan. 22.— Consols, 91^; silver,
25 7-16; French" rentes, 32^0; wheat/ cargoes
on passage, steadier; cargoes, No. 1 Standard
California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s
3d: English country markets, part cheaper;
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
63,000; Indian shipments wheat to Co«!nent,
18.0C0.- ¦¦¦¦..¦ w -
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 22.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet;
French country markets, dull; weather in Eng
land, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 4V=d.
Foreign Markets.
.NEW TORK, Jan. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,400 barrels; exports, 24,389 barrels; held
5@15c above buyers' views and ruled quiet;
winter straights, $3 6C@3 75.
WHEAT— Receipts, 95,950 bushels; exports,
152.778 bushels; spot steady: No. 2 red, 88c f.
o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 90c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 86',-ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 8S%c f. o. b. afloat. Option-
Disappointing cables, foreign selling and a com
plete absence of outside support were factors
that depressed the wheat market early to-day
in the face of small receipts and a better spot
demand from millers. The close was rather
firm at Vic decline. March closed at S5 r ;ic:
May, 84V>@S5V4c. closed at S5c; July, 84%@
84=£c. closed at S4»ic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice, 6c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7U@llc. Futures closed
steady, net 5 points higher; total sales, 61.500
bags, including March. $5 85@6; May. $<>@
6 15; July. $6 20@6 25; September. $6 30@6 50;
October. ?<> 40; November, $6 45; December,
$6 55<?(0 75.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 2 15-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3 7-ltic; molasses sugar,
2 ll-16c; refined was firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples are generally quiet in all
grades and steadily held. Demand is light.
State,. common to good, 7@S%c: prime, 9<?0Uc;
choice, 9%@10c: fancy. 10Vi@Uc. California
dried fruits are quiet and steady to firm at
quotations. Prunes, 3%ig'C%c. Apricots —
Royal. 10(gl4c: Moorpark. 9' / i@12^c. . Peaches
—Peeled. 14@19c: unpeeled. 7^@10c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 22. — WHEAT — Quiet and un
changed. Blue stem, 64c; club, 63c.
PORTLAND, Jan. 22.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 63@C3^c; blue stem, G4^c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
PEARS— Winter kinds 75c@$2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel- Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2®
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings. 30@75c; Tangerines.
$1@2; Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $l(j?2
for good to choice and $2 25@2 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1@2; Mexican Limes, $6@6 50;
Bananas. $1 75<fi2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
!foti4 per dozen. . . .
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for or
dinary. . ¦_...". •_
DECIDUOUS -FRUITS,
There is nothing new In Apples or Pears.
The Honolulu steamer brought J up 02CG
bunches of Bananas and 31 crates of Pineap
ples. The Bananas were mostly green, with
a few spoiled through being overheated. Good
rjpe Bananas are scarcer and quotations j are
higher.
Mexican Limes have advanced under light
supplies. . , . N .
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned yester
day.as follows: Fancy. Navels, $1 25@2 25;
choice, 90c@$l 55; standards, 50c@$l 05; fancy
Mediterranean Sweets, 85@90c: choice do. 75c.
Twelve boxes of standard Lemons were also
Bold at ?1 15 per box. Outside of the auction
prices remain as before, with a fair demand
for shipment on the Honolulu 6teamer, . out
Saturday. ¦* ; '¦ '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Nezu York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— The professional
operators in the market made an upward turn
of prices again to-day. The dullness of the
market and the congestion of the scanty deal
ings into a few stocks clearly reflected the
continued indifference of the outside public to
the securities market and the abstention of
the great banking interests which made the
great bull markets of last year from any hand
in the trading. Such narrow price movement
&s there was was pretty much wiped out j in
the closing dealings and many, stocks closed
below last night. Metropolitan Street Rail
way was the central feature and moved up
late in the day an extreme of S'i. on a volume
of dealings very unusual for that stock. The
gain of the day was 2%. Many rumors circu
lated to explain the movement, which was in
general agreement as to coming issue of stock
with subscription' rights to stockholders, but
which varied greatly as to the use to be made
of the proceeds of the stock sale. There was
talk of a C3nsolidation of all New Tork public
utilities and of a centralization of the pro
duction of electric power for the benefit of all
at them. The stock of other New York public
utilities did not fully sympathize, and reacted
sharply at the last. Advances of 5 points eaclk
Jn the Chicago & Northwestern stocks and 3%
in Lackawanna were accompanied by rumors
of a coming distribution of scrip. Sugar and
People's Gas gained nearly a point, at one
time. This about exhausts the ¦ list of ad
vances worthy of mention. The rain and snow
in the winter wheat belt and the promised
benefit to the crop were used by traders as ar
pumenta for an advance in railroad stocks.
Money was easier and the large subscription
reported in New Tork for the German Impe
rial loan argued an abundance of local re
sources, although the disposition to turn to
foreign eecuritles while the local" Btock mar
ket was bo neglected was taken to indicate a
tendency not altogether favorable. The. lively
speculation in Kaffirs in the London market
¦while stocks continued to be Bold in New York
for London account, showed the same tendency
for speculation to be diverted to foreign mar
kets. The character of a good part of the
day's dealings was shown by the expressed ex
pectation that the Supreme Court would clear
tip the Northern Securities question by a de
cision next Monday, which - is the day set to
hear. arguments whether the proposed suit shall
be entertained.' .
The railroad bond market broadened . out to
day, bringing forward many dormant mort
gages into activity. The dealings in some of
these — notably in the Rock Island 4s and the
Central of Georgia, income «bonds and Consoli
dated 5s — were very heavy. There were ad
vances ranging from 1 to 2% in the Rock Isl
and 6s and 4s, the Oregon Short Line 6s, St.
I»uis and San Francisco 6s and New Jersey
Central 5s. Central of Georgia Ists, 2ds and 3s.
Incomes, the Ohicapo and Pacific division 6s
end the St. Paul and Texas and Pacific Ists.
Total sales, par value. $4,€20,OO0.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET
, Sales. ! High. Lor. Close.
Atchison 1.500 75% ~ 75% '75%
Atchison pfd 8,300 06% 06 8C%
Bait & Ohio 300 102% 102 102
Bait & Ohio pfd... »6
Canadian Pacific .> ¦ 100> 114% 114% 114
Canada. Southern . 2.300 86% 8.1% 86%
Chesap & Onto ... 100 , ?C'/i . 46% . 4?>%
Chi & Alton 800 34 3314 .11%
Chi & Alton pfd .... .... 45%
Chi Ind & Louis... 200 51% 61% r»l%
Chi Ind & L pffl.. 400 7<5>.J 76 7«'
Chi & E Illinois.. 400 135% 135% 135%
Oil & Grmt W ... 2.200 23 22>/4 • 22>4
Clii & G W A pfd. 200 84 S3% 8:{%
Chi A G \V B pfd .... 43%
Chi & Northwestrn 8,600 21C 211% 214'/.
C R I & Par- 100 156X 155V4 155 "
Oil Terns & Tran«. .:.. 16=i
Chi T £¦ Trtn pfd. .:.. 3i«
C C C & St Louis. • " 600 5»$« O614 ¦ »«<J
Cc'.o Southern .... 000 l**i 11 g 14%
Money — ; ..>,.¦ Mining —
Call loans .4^5 Adventure lS'A
Time loans 4&5 AUouez 2%
Bonds— Amalgamated ... W%
Atchlson 4s.;.... 102 Baltic 34%
Gas Ists 80 % Blngham .... 21
Mex Cent 4s 82 Calumet & Hecla.580
N E Gas & Coke. 50% Centennial .. 12 •
Railroads — .; Copper Range 53
Atchlson 75 Dominion Coal... 61
Atchlson pfd 96 Fianklln 12
Boston & Albany. 262 Isle Royale 21
Boston & Maine. 192% Mohawk 29%
Boston Elevated.. 167% Old Dominion 22
N Y. N H & H..210 lOsceola 70%
Union Pacific 100% Parrot :..... 28
Mexican Central.. 28%iQuincy 132 •
Miscellaneous— | Santa Fe Copper. 2%
American Sugar.. 122%! Tamarack ... 2T.0
Am Tel & Tel...l5Sv4,Trimounta!n 57i:
Dom Iron & Steel. 28%JTrlnity ... ... l.sy*
Mass Electric :«%! United States 13%
Mass Elec pfd... D2 Utah w-j?
N E Gas & Coke. 5 Victoria .. """ ±i(,
United Fruit 86% Winona ....'. " 11?
US Steel.../..... 42% Wolverine 45
U S Steel pfd 94%'
LONDOX CLOSING STOCKS
Consols for money . f Mo. K & T pfd.. 53
_•••••••, w ?i:;? New Yo ' k Cent..iw,
Consols for acct.. 94 Vs Norfolk & Wstn. 57
Anaconda f»% Nor & Wetn pfd. 93
Atchlson .7% Ontario & Wstn. S4%
Atchiaon pfd . 09 Pennsylvania 7«2
Baltimore & Ohio. 105 Iieadlng 2S?'
Canadian Pacific. 117% Read let pfd*.!*.*.'. DM?
Ches & Ohio 47>i Head 2d pfd..... :aTJ
Chgo G Western. 23 Southern Ry 33
Chgo. M & St P.1C«% Southern Ry pfd. 95%
Denver & R G... 13% Southern Pacific. 60%
Den & R G pfd. .; 93%iunion Pacific. .. .103*2
Krie 40%|UnJon PaciHc pfd. 90%
Eric 1st pfd 72% us Steel...:... 433?
Erie 2d pfd 58 U S Steel-pfd.... 96»i
Illinois Central... 141% Wabash ..... '"vjiS
I»uisvl & Nash.. 107% Wabash pfd...".!" 42H
Mo. Kans & Tex. 25% Spanish 4s....... 77
I Bar silver, steady. 25'7-16d per ounce.
I Money. 1%®2 per cent.
j The rate of discount In the open market for
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Do adjst 4s 92% Norf & W con 4s.lO2%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 104% Reading pen 4s.. OS'A
Do 3%s 95% Pt L & I M en 5s.ll7%
Do conv 4s 104% ! St L & S F 4s.. 06%
Can South 2ds...l00;£ St L S W Ists.. flS<£
Cen of Ga 5s 110 St L S W 2ds . 7S%
Do 1st inc ..... 77% San A & A P 4s. S8
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 106 %, Southern Pac 4s. !l.>%
Chi & Alton 3%sr S4% 'Southern Ry 5s,..lli)%
C B & Q new 4s.. 95% Texas & Pac lsts.121
C M & St P gn 4s.ll2% Tol St L & W 4s. .s:.'
C -& N W con 7s. 140 i Union Pacific Is. .104%
C R I & P 4s...lO.S%l Do conv 4s 1O5X
C C C&St L gn 4s. 103 V 4 j Wabash Ists .....118%
Chi Term 4s SS% Do 2ds 114V.
Colo & South 4s. «3 Do deb B 67%
Denver & P. G 4s. 101% West Shore 4s... 112
Erie prior lien 4s. flil W & L Erie 4s.. IKS
Do gen 4s S!» Wiscon Cen 4s... 88%
Ft W & D C lsts.107% Con Tob 4s 6S%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO7% '
. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 10
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
Breece 65 Ophir 78 '
Brunswick Con . 08 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tunnel 05% Potosl / jo
C C & Va 130 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 18
Horn Silver 1 CO Small Hopes . 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard ... ...3 40
Leadville Con .. 05
Colo South 1st pfd. 400 60% 00% \ 60%
Colo South 2d pfd. 500 29 " 2S><i 2S&
Del & Hudson ' - 173
Del Lack & West. 1.400 272% '271 v270
Denver & Rio G... 100 43 43 4214
Denver & R G pfd ¦ ..:. ....' 70V*
Erie 15.600 39 ;4 3S% :!!)%
Erie 1st pfd ..... 5,300 71 70 70%
Erie 2d pfd 1,200 6tf% 06 55>i
G North pfd ex-dlv. .... 183%
Hocking Valley .. 100 09 09 08%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 82% 82Vi 82
Illinois Central 700 138% 13S& 13S%
Iowa Central 100 38 . 38 38
Lake Erie & West. 100 C5Vi 65% «6
L Erie & West pfd. 400 i'27 127 127
Louisville & Nash. 1,900 105?s 105 105"/S
Manhattan L 7,000 136% 135 % 1353i
Metropolitan St Ry. 51.000 171% 167% 170%
Mexican Central .. 1,900 28% -28V4 28%
Mexican National . 3.S0O 15% 15% 15
Minn & St Louis .. 100 10614 106% 105%
Missouri Pacific .. 4,700 100% 100% 100%
M K & Texas .... 200 25 . 25 24%
M K & Texas pfd. 1W) 03 53 52 •
N J Central ls«
N Y Central 7,300 161% 160 ' 100%
Norfolx & West... 300 56 56 55%
Norf &. West pfd. .... .X. 51 y.
Ontario & Western 200 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 9,500 149% 148V» 148%
Reading 21,000 56% 56% SliVs
Reading 1st pfd ... 1,300 82 81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd ... 4,900 03% 02-& 02%
St Louis &S F 300 02% 02% 02
St L & S F 1st pfd. 100 85 So S3
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 " 75% 75% 74%
St Louis S W * .... 26%
St Louis S W pfd. 500 59% 59 59
St Paul 6,500 163 ¦ Klj4 ¦ 161%
St Paul Dfd v .180
Southern Pacific .. 10,8t>0^ 5u% 58% 5$Ts
Southern Railway.. 1,200 ', 32% 32Vi 32%
Southern Ry pld.. 1,S(JO IW' V2% 92%
Texas & Paclnc . . 200 3SVi 3S 38
Tol St L & West.. , 100 la 1<J 1S%
Tol St L & \V pfd. 1UO 35% 35% 35
T- n J tm i aciflc 17,500 101% 100% 100 ',4
tjislon pfd.. 000 88% •-*»%• SSft
Wabash 2,2w 22 % • 22 22 %
Wabash pfd 1,100 41% 41 >4 41%
Wheeling & L E 171°
W & L E 2d pfd.. 100 25»% K»% 29 '"
Wisconsin Central. 100 lu»i 19» s lO-^i
Wis Central pfd... 500 40% 40% 40'i
Express Companies —
Adams la 5
American 212
United Mates... .". 101
Weils Fargo XS5
Miscellaneous — "
Amalg Copper 10,300 70 69% 09%
Am Cai & Foundry oyi
Am Car & F pfd.. 500 S6% 8t» 86
Am Lineeed Oil 15
Am L<nseed Oil pfd . 42
Am fcmelt & Ref.. 4,300 47U 46% 4(j%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 1,100 97 Vt 9S%/ 97 '
An&conda .Mln Co. 900 31 1* 31 30%
Brooklyn. Rap Tran 19,30<^ ISH% t5»i 00 '
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 Btf%' 80% SO
Consolidated Gas.. 500 217% 217' 217
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 900 11S% 118 118
General Electric .'. .... 279
Glucose Sugar 2.500 50% 4S% 49
Hocking Coal .... \\i-.
International Paper 400 13% 19»i la'
Interns tl Pai>er pfd .' 73
Jnternatlonl Power. 100 S7 87 87
Lacl«Je Gas - .... j>2V>
National Bis^iit... 400 45 44% 44%
National Lead '.... ir,.v
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd C3
.North American SS
Pacific Coast .... 7?
Pacific Mail 400 47»i 40 46%
People"s Gas 2,000 100% 09% 100 '
Pressed Steel Car.. 900 40 39% ;»%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 S3 S3 S3%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 22u% 220% 219
Republic Steel 300 16% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 68 «s' CS%
Sugar 7.100 123 122 122U
Tenn Coal & Iron. 200 02 V A 62 V4 62'
Union Bag & P Co. 200 lSH 13V. 13
Union B&P Co pfd .'. ...'. 73
U S Leather 400 11% 11*4 11%
U S Leather pfd... 2,400 81 80 80%
U S Rubber 14
U S Rubber pfd bO%
United States Steel. 2.600 42%' 42% 42K.
U S Steel pfd 5,000 94% 94% 94%
Western Union 90%
Am Locomotive... 1.QO0 . 31% 31% 31%
Am Locomot pfd... 300 91% 91% «i%
Total sales 317,000 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg... 108% L & N unlf 4s... 101
U S ref 2s coup..lOS% Mexican Cen 4s.. 83%
U S 3s reg 10S Do 1st inc - 32%
U S 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s..lO.'{l£
U S new 4s reg.l-XS% M K & T 4s... »*.%
U S new 4s coup.. 140 Do 2ds ..; 83%
U S old 4s reg.-lll^ N Y Central lsts.lOSVi
U S old 4s coup.. 111% Do gen 3V-s ...109%
U S 5s reg 106 N J Central *gn 5sl35%
U S 5s coup.....l07ii Northern Pac 4s. 104%
Atchlson gen 4s. 103% Do 3s 74%
PORTLAND, Or., Jan^ 22.— Clearings, $306,
263; balances, $334,955.
SEATTLE, Jan. 22.— Clearinzs, $458,545:
balances, ?129,209.
TACOMA. Jan. 22. — Clearing, $171,690; bal
ances, $53,919. 1 -
SPOKANE. Jan. 22.— Clearings, $232,730;
balances, $10,320. ,
' ¦'¦Business in Northern Cities.
NEW. YORK. Jan.- 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks were fairly active, with'South Africa
shares absorbing the bulk of attention. There
Is a confident expectation of a decrease in the
bank rate ¦ to-morrow.
Investment shares were - strong on the pro
nounced success of the local loans. An Issue of
£2.000,000 offered at 09 received tenders
£13,000,000 and it was placed above. par.
American stocks continue unsatisfactory.
New York sent some forenoon orders, particu
larly for Southern Pacific, but London is apa
thetic. , A 'firmer, close reflected New York sen
timent.'.
Rio Tintos sold at 41%.' although copper sold
at £47% the ton, or one down.
Money is steady and silver is weak on New
York sales and a French tender secured by
Hlrsch at an equivalent of 25 9-16.
Ceylon offers £1,400,000 3 per cent loan at
94%.
London Market.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— The offerings, at the
wool auction sales to-day were heavy, num.
berlng 14,096 bales. All classes were in good
demand and competition was keen at firm
prices. The bulk of the offerings was taken
by the home trade and the Continent. Soraa
new clip medium crossbreds were taken by
American buyers at an advance of 10 per cent.
London Wool Sales.
>3 Ixjcal . stocks and bonds - were quiet, but J
there were some, noteworthy fluctuations. I
Oceanic Steamship was considerably higher, j
advancing to $il, while Alaska Packers was
still lower at $16150. This' stock has been,
steadily receding of late. Gas and Electric
was also lower and declined to $41. 50. There
was nothing new . in the oil stocks.
The old board of directors and general offi
cers of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany have been re-elected. The past year
showed a considerable Increase in business.
The assets are S4.57D.013: reinsurance reserve,.
$1,700,013. net surplus, $1,542,555. Quarterly
dividends of 5 per cent were paid during the
year. ¦ .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 22—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 113 4s qr c (new)1393i —
4s qr reg lll%112Vi 3s qr coup. . 108% —
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s.. .101 103
Bay CPC 5s.l08%100i* Ombus C 6s.l30% —
Cal-st 5s ...116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 lOO^i
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 63.105 107*6
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pwl-st R 6s.ll9% —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
H C&S 5^3. — — SF & SJV5S.122&123
Do 5s .... — 100 Sierra Cal Gs — —
L Ang R 5s.ll9% — . S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — — (1009) 111% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910> 112&113
Do gtd 5s.lO3% — S P of Cal Gs
L. A Si P Ss.lOO — (lf»05)Sr A.108%108%
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (1905)Sr B.109& —
Mkt-st C tis.1-25 — (1006) 111 —
Do lem 53.121 %122 • (1912) 121 —
N R Cal 6s.llO% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s ¦ ....121?il22Vt c gntd 5s.llO —
N Pac C 5s.l05%107>i S P BrCal6a.l36% —
N Cal R 5s.U2%113% S V Wat 6s.ll2Va —
Oak Gas 5s.ll4 — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Trn es.l21Vjl22V, Do4s 3d m.101%102
Do 1st c5s.l0i>V4H0 Stktn Gas Cs.lO2& —
Oak W g 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74 75Vj[Port Costa.. 631$ 66
Marin Co 59 — ISpring Val.. 85 S5H,
- Gas and electric.
Cent L&P. 2% ¦ 2% Pac Light... — 62*i
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — , 5 S F G & E.. 41% 41 ?i
O G L & H. 51 — San Fran.... 5Vi 594
Pac Gas Imp — 4014 Stktn G & E. 8 —
' INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 275 /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 73 81 lI.P&A 166 169
California ..416»i — ! Mer Ex (liq). 18% —
Gal Safe Dp.112%115- 'S F Nationl.l37V'- —
First. Natnl..325 , 350 I
SAVINGS. BANKS.
German ...1925 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humbcldt .. — — Security Sv.305 350
Mutual Sav. C6 — ¦ Union Trst.. — 2475
S F Sav U..512Vi —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 170 Market : — 03
Geary — 60 Presidio 37% —
POWDER.
Giant 70 81 IVlgorlt — 4
SUGAR.
Hana 1*1— Kilauea 9% —
Hawaiian . . 34 . 40 Makaweli . . 25 25%
Honokaa 10 10% Onorr.ea Jj0 24^4
Hutchinson . 13 13% Paauhau 11
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161 163 Pac A FA.. 3 3%
Cal Fruit As 9f5% «S% Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine As 95% 9S iPar Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S Co 40 41" I
. • . Morriins Session.
• Board— .- \ - .: . - - -^ .
20 Alaska PaAers* Association... .162 50
95 Giant Powder Con SO 00
15 Hutchinson S P Co 13 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 37 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 3S 00
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 40 00
100 Pacillc Auxiliary Fire Alarm 3 £5
. 20 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
15 Spring Valley Water S3 25
$1CCO Spring Valley 4g (2d mortgage).. 103 00
- • Street —
70 Alaska Packers' Association 162 50
50 Contra Costa Water 74 50
109 S F Gas & Electric Co.; 42 37%
Afternocn Session. " .
Beard —
5 Alaska Packers' Association. .. .161 50
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 41 00
1C0 S F Gas & Elactric Co 41 50
Street—
25 Hutchinscn S P Co..'.' 13 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — .
100 Bear Flag 04
2000 Lion .. 08
50 Monte Cristo .- 1 45
500 Oil City Petroleum 21
100 Senator 67
Street—' •" ¦-.<¦
1000 Oil City Petroleum 21
250 Home 3 60
Afternoon Session. «
Board —
100 Four .' 52
. 500 Home :.... 3 65
400 Monarch of Arizona 19
500 Monarch of Arizona ;..... 20
270 Petroleum Center 06
f 100 Reed Crude ' 39
Street —
1C00 Reed Crude " .39
MINING STOCKS. •
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
1200* Best & Belch 12 100 Ophir 81
- 100 Caledonia ... 24 550 Potosl ......; 15
400 Con <j/& V.I So WK) Savage , w . OS
" 5(10 Hale & Nor. 35 500 Seg Belcher.. 08
200 Mexican 30 300 Sierra Nev.;. . lf>
200 Ophlr ....... SO 100 Yellow Jacket OS
Afternoon Session.
1100 Best & Belch 13 '500 Potosl 15
100 C C & V. s 00.1 SO 100 Sierra Nev... ls>
ICO Mexican ..... ."0 100 Union Con .. 13
1000 Ophlr SO *
WASHINGTON, 3 Jan. 22.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances' In the .general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division- of redemption, shows:^ Avail
able cash balance, $170,573,003; gold, $05,105.
053. . ... . ' . - •
Condition of the Treasury.
Receipts "were 10,100 pounds of. Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 898 cases of Eggs.
1 cases of- Eastern Eggs, 1900 pounds of
California < Cheese, pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25©2«c per lb for
fancy, 24c for firsts and 22®23c for second* ;
dairy. 17%©22c; store Butter, 14{JlGc per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@10c; Keg,
Ifi®l8c per lb. ¦ :
CHEESE— New, ll®U%c: old, 10®10&c:
Young America. 12®13c; Eastern. 13@15c per
pouod. - - ., • • ¦ . ¦¦• - -
EGGS— Ranch, 21c for selected large and
20c for good to choice; store, 18® 19c per
dczen. . . . . v'- -.-:. :
There Is nothing new in Butter. Stocks ara
fairly cleaned up and the best creameries are
quoted firm at 25c. but weak at any advance
over this figure. '
Cheese is weak and unchanged
' . Eggs continue to . arrive very freely and a
further decline is looked for any . day. Stocks
are too large : and steadily growing larger.
Dealers are selling as fast as possible to get
out from under.' -A car has just been shipped
East. ¦ •-. ¦ ¦ '¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.\
SUMMARY OF THE. MARKETS,
Silver a fraction weaker.
Wheat futures advanced and spot Barley firmer*
Oats ami 'Rye firuu Corn supplies increasing.
Hay said Jo need more raiiu Feedstuff s weak.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Butter and CItccsc unchanged. Eggs plentiful and zvcak.
Nothing new Ml Dried FruiL
Provisions quiet at Chicago and neglected here. t
Hogs zirak and tending dozvnivard under free receipts.
Some further changes in Pacific. Codfish. . ; £*
Fresh Bananas in from the islands. ><//?
Five cars of Oranges auctioned,
Mexican Limes m light supply and higher.
. Two cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— Money. on call was
steady at 3©3>4 per cent; closed offered at 3
pef cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5Va
per cent. Sterling exchange .was heavy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86-, K
for demand and at |4 84H@4 84% for sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 85 and $4 SS. tomr
merctal bills, $4 83?i(SM 84. Bar silver, Bo -AC.
Mexican dollars. 44%c. Bonds — Governments,
steady; States, Inactive; railroads, strong.
New York Money Market.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 10,308 Potatoes, sks.'.. KO
Oats, ctls .... 3,400 Flaxseed. sks... S.041
:, FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 22.
Flour, qr sks .. 16.802 Beans, sks .... 3.001
Whrat, ct!s .... 61.74U. Tallow, ctls .... 220
Barley, ctls "... 4.230 Sugar. ctl3 4,4f.O
Oats, ctls ..... l.Oir, Pelts, bdls 3.T0
Corn, ctls • - SIJO Hides, j No. 1.5M
Onions, sks .,... 100 Chicory, bbls .. _ 3S
Potatoes sks... 2.050 Wine, gals 18«.5fcO
Bran, sks 1 725 Leather, rolls .. 101
Middlings sks.. v 400 Quicksilver, flks 54
Hay tons'..... , 42S Lime, bbls .... 101
Wool. : sks . . t . . S(J ,
Receipts of Produce.
short bills is 2% per cent • '
The rate of discount in the open market for
3-months' ,bllls la 2% per cent.
NEW T^ORK, Jan. 22.— The cotton market
opened steady, 2 to B points lower, aod closed
barely steady with prices net S to 12 points
lower.' . ..¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEWTORK, Jan.-22.-A declineof, £2 5s
in prices for tin at London cloeed ; that market
at £100 forspot and at £103 for fptures.' The
local market was Influenced- by '.the decline
abroad and $23 C2Vj-was bid at the close.
Copper was quiet with email, Jobbing sales
here at- the former price oJ lie .for- lake. 10%c
for electrolytic and 10%e for casting.- London
copper prices at the close were 10s lower with
spot at £48 and futures at £48 2s 6d.
Lead was quiet,* but steady and" unchanged
here.'- with 4c quoted!. At London prices were
advanced 3s 9d to £10 lfis 3d. "
Spelter was 5 points lower here at $4 30.
London was unchanged at £10 Is 3d.
Iron was steady here and unchanged. Euro
pean markets were higher. - Glasgow closed at
49s Cd and Mlddlesboro at 44s. PIglron I war
rants were quoted at $ll<f?12: No. 1 Northern
foundry. $1(!«7>17 50; No. 2 Norfnern foundry,
*1C@1O 75; No. 1 Scutnern toundry. $l<Vfj>16 60;
No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $16@16 50.
New, York' Metal Market.
1800., Steady.- Natives! $3 50® 7; cows and
heifers,- 51 50@5 85; veals, $3 50@6 25 j stock
ers and feeders, $2 25@4 50. . ¦ "'-* • *". .
HOGS— Receipts, 8900:' 10@20c lower. Light
and light mixed, , $5 60©6 10; medium - and
heavy, $6 05@C 45; pigs, $3 25iJ?4 80> i.- ¦ : '
SHEEP — Receipts. - 100. - Steady. ¦¦ ¦¦¦ '- J - :r- [.: :'¦¦
than 75 barrels or ~ Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, B.30c:'. boxes.' 5.55c per 1b.
• PACIFIC CODFISH— Several changes have
been made. Revised prices are as follow*:
Bundles,- per lb, 3c; cases. Regular. 3%c:
cases. Extra Large. -39ic; . cases. Eastern
style. , 5% c: Boneless. AVio: ."Norway."
4 J ,*c; "Narrow Gauge," Be; "Silver King,'
fiUc; Blocks, "Orientals." 5&c; Blocks. •'Sea
bright," 5%c; Tablets, 6#c; Middles, 6%(ffl
7%c; 5-lb boxes. . Fancy Boneless, 8c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless. 7®3c; Desiccated, per
dozen. 73c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each. $.;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each, $4. .
POULTRY — Dressed - Turkeys. 15@17c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c | for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2«T2 23: Ducks. $4iQ5 for old and" $6@7 for
young; Hens, $404 50; youngr Roosters. $4 50(fp
6; old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers. $i@5; Broil
ers, $4@5 for large and - $3@3 50 , for small :
Pigeons, $1 CO per dozen for old and »?- 6US 1
2 75 for Squabs. •
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1: Hare, $1 25:
Rabbits. $1 BO for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, |2@3; Canvasback. $}@3 50; Sprig.
$1 £5@2; Teal. $l(f?l 2R;n Widgeon. 75c<S$l:
Small Ducks, 75c® $1; Black: Jack, ?1; English
Snipe. ?2 50;% Jack. Snipe. $1,00; Gray Geese,
$3; White Geese. $1 'im\ 50; Brant. $1 00®?
per dozen; Honkers, $3®i 50.
-Game Is still coming In thin and the market
is consequently dull. Several retailers, have
been arrested lately for having more Ducks in
their possession than the law allows. This also
has a tendency to weaken the market. ¦
The Poultry market cleaned up fairly well
yesterday. .Toung Roosters, Fryers and Broil
ers were higher. .. Two cars of Eastern came in,
making five thus far this week.'
Poultry: arid Game.
THE > SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23,; i902;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK* MARKET.
\ LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
0C£AK" TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. .
' L. Steamers ' leave Broadwt^
1 fflkfc-.. -Wharf, San Francisco:
fS^Sjw Tor Ketchikan, Junea-J.
SiR/*^-^ Skagway, e:c. Alaska— 11 a.
*XWJP>» m.. Jan. 11. ltf. 21. 2a 31.
rtSy_i?55 CAy Feb. 5. Chanso to company'*
; 943ff*SU5ft3 steamers «t Seattle.
r^s3S$j*SM For Victoria, Vancouver.
if- Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. New What*
cens— U a. m.r Jan. 11, 18. 21. 2C. 31. Feb. 5.
Chansa at Seattle to ttl» company s steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at SeatUa or T»-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka iHumcoldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo» An-
geles) — steamer Santa Rcaa, Sundays. » a. ro.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angles, calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfnrd
(San Luis Obispo). "Oavlota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, Saa
Pedro and 'Newport f*Bonlta only).
Bonlta. 9 a, m.. Jan. 2. 10. 18. 28, Feb. 3.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jan. «. 14. 22. 30. Feb. T.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joso del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
!ia and Guaymas (Mett.)--10 a. m.. 7th of eaaH
For "further Information obtalD folder*.
RlKht is reserved to change steamers or »»»-
OFFICE—* Ne w Moatjomery
Stre Jo4D*Atu?KRklX 3 & CO.. Gen. Agents.
UW V 10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
—TO —
PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DEUGHTFUjTwi-VTER TRIP.
Only $60. Including meals and berth for the-
round trip on board the Pacific Coast S S.
Co -s stumer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7. April 7. Du«
back 27th of each month. Will call at the fol-
lowing Mexican -ports: Ensenada. Magdalena
Bay, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La
Paz Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For $20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Ouaymas
by rail. For further particulars inquire at
TirkPt QflVe. 4 New Montgomery St.. or 10
Market St.. Sun Franclscc. ¦
O. #?:«& N* CO,
Only Stenmahip Xiln* «o
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Shorr Rail Line from Portland to a'l
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, r*'* rn'1 0* steamship and ran, a*
IjO'W^EIS'r RATES.
STEAXE2 TICE2T3 j^CLUDE BEBTH and M2AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Jan. 13. 24; Feb. 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. 18. 26: Feb. 7. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
, D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen, Agt.. 1 Montg'y. S.F.
TOYQ KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling al
Kobe (Hlogo), Sfagasaki and Shanghai and '
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
d-.r of salllnx. -
S3. HONGKONG MARU 4
Thursday, January 30th, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU.. ...'.
. ....Tuesday, February 23th. 1303
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March 21st, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reuueed rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's cfHce.
*21 Macket street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ag»nt.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON, LOS DON, PARK.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St Paul . .*. Jan. 2T1 St. Paul Feb. 19
St. Louis . . Feb. 5 St. Louis Feb. 2T.
Philadelphia ...Feb. 121 Philadelphia ..Mar. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Vaderland Jan. 291 Haverford Feb. 1!>
Kensington ....Feb. 5 Frlesland Feb. 2«
Zeeland Feb. 121 Southwark ....Mar. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION Ca,
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st v
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION .CO.
And Cia Surf AmeriG" a 'iVauorBJ
To Valparaiso, stopping at -Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL Feb. 6 PALENA Feb. 23
GUATEMALA . . Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger s*nrlc«.
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passensrer office. SIR California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK -VIA PANAMA • .QIREif.
Cabin, $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
K. S. Argyll rail* Tuesday, Jan. 2S
S. S. l«eelanaiv foil * Friiay, Feb. 7
S. 6. Argyll mil" .Thursday! Alar. 13
Frnm Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market St.
F. F. COXXOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
SS. AXAMEDA. for Honolulu. ..........
Saturday, Jan. 25. "02, 2 p.m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a. m.
i. 0.SP2ECXELS & BEOS. CO., Bearai Agents. 327 Sfcrkw SI
SaTl Passsngur Offiss, 643 Uarfat St.. Piar So. 7. PacSa !t
C0MPAGNI3 GENE3AI.3 TRA.HSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO 1IAVRE-PARI3 -_„
Eaillag every Thursday. Instead ot ;£*?<?¥¦&
Eaturday. at 10 a. ra.. from u!;r 4J.-»*«MiS
Xorth River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Fecon 1
elasa to Havre. UT. and ujwarrt. GENERA U
AQENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nevr
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Apfnts. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlcfcgta sold >>t «11 Ttafimart Ticket Agents.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB;U.''s.~"NAyY YAB3 AND YALLEJ3
Sieamarj GEM. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
»:ii «. m.. 9:13 and 8:20 x>. m.. except Sua-
6 ay. Sunday. *>:« a.m.. 8:30 p. in. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 aoon. 8 p. xr.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 3>i
cents. Telephone Main ISO.s. Landing aa J
office, pier 2. MIssUoo-atrMt dock. HATCH
UROS.
WEEK^ GAIL
16 Pages, $1 pep Year
AUCTION SALES
CL0SIN6=0UT SALE
Of. the Choicest of
27 PALO ALTO BBUflD MARES.
*A11 safe In foal to such sires aa MoKINXET,
2:11%: IRON ALTO. -.2:12%: N'UTWOOD
WILKES 2:l«^i: MENDOCINO, 2:13«. a : EX-
IONEER. AZMOOR. 2:20Vi: MONBELLS.
2:2T:>~i. etc. The great *e Azmoor. 2:2I>V».
will also be sold. Sale will take place at tna
Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard st.,
San Francisco, on Thursday, January o0. IOCS,
commencing at 11 o'clock a. m. Horses at
salesyarrt January 2(J. Send for catalogue.
WM. O. L.AYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
lC7"rhls will be the sranrtest opportunity
ever offered seekers after famous nr3t-clas».
handsome trotting mares In foal to the most
fashionable sires in California. There will ha
no reserve. Watch thia space fox further an-
nouncements.Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Gardner Wilson, 23
vears. Danville. and Lillian Lloyd, 19
Coulterville; Eli F. Dock, 44, and Laura
Deimer, 34, both of Redding; Thomas A.
Riggs, 30. San Francisco, and Etta S.
Flynn, 25, Fresno; Dutra Greome. 45,
Fruitvale, and Amalia C. Gloria, 29. Oak
land; Richard Ergenzinirer. 32. and Lena
Baham, 28, both of San Francisco; Edwin
C. Timerman. over 21, and Emily H. Hil
•on, over 18, both of Oakland.
¦ m •
Says Whisky Made Him Forge.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — Emmet Barnes,
aged 63 years and who served seventeen
years in the United States navy, pleaded
guilty to a charge of forgery in Judge
Melvin's court this morning and was sen
tenced to serve two years In the State
penitentiary at San Quentin. He forged
the name of M. Rose of Livermore to a.
check. He pleaded for a light sentence,
saying that whisky was the cause of his
downfall.
Another engine of the same type is on
the wav, and the two will be used in the
mountain service. They are expected to
do away with the oouble-header system.
The engine is of the decapod compound
type, having two cylinders on each side
and being supported hy five pairs of driv
ing wheels. The boiler, at the smallest
ring, is seventy-eight inches in diameter;
at the largest ring, eighty-eight inches.
The machine stands fifteen feet six inches
above the rails. The tender has a capac
ity of 7000 gallons of water and 2250 gal
lons of oil. The total weight of the en
gine is 262,000 pounds, and of the engine
and tank 293.C00 pounds, steamed up and
ready for service.
The engine has traveTed west of To
peka under Its own steam and has sur
prised railroad men all along the line
with the immense hauls it has made.
SAN BERNARDINO. Jan. 22.-No. USS.
the largest locomotive ever constructed,
is in the yards of the Santa Fe. It is
too long to get into the shelter of the
roundhouse. The big engine left Barstow
this morning, drawing sixty-one heavily
laden freight cars. Two firemen were kept
busy shoveling coal into the firebox.
Into the Yards in San
Bernardino.
Monster Railroad Engine Steams
SANTA FE HAS "WORLD'S
LABGEST LOCOMOTIVE
• Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Keystone, Mr. and. Mrs.
Thomas Ktrkpatrick, R. T. Ktmball, Miss
Florence Kustel. Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Kline,
Mrs. O. J. Kron.
W. D. Loveland, Reuben H. Lloyd, Dr. J.
W. Likens, Miss Lyons, Mr. and Mrs. B. H.
Langley, Miss Lindley. .
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Merrill. Mr. and Mrs.
George B. McKee, Mr. and Mrs. . Robert' Mc-
Millan, Mr. and Mrs. 71. B. • Moore, , r>r. and
Mrs. A. W. McKenzie, "W. S. Miller, Charles
H. Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Mangram,
William McKay, Mr. and Mrs." Byron Mauzy,
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Meyer, Mr. and Mrs.
Jamea Madinon. W. L. B. Mills, Mrs. H. I.
McLean, Mrs. R. TV. Murphy. Miss Georgia C.
Morse. - ". *.-..-' • * •<--
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Peel, Mr. and Mrs.
Mr. and Mrs. X. J. de Lamare, Mrs. George
E. Dow, Miss Lillian Dow, Edwin T. Dow,
Oliver Dibble, Mr. and Mrs. John L. Deahl,
Miss A. L. Day, Miss Dibble, Mr. and Mrs.
Jeff Doollttle, B. L. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. W. S.
Davis Major Percival Dolman, Mrs. A. Doud,
W.' A. Davids. - . •
Mr and Mrs. William Edwards. Miss Lulu
Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Emery. Mr. and
Mrs. I. A. Eddy. Mrs. J. W. Edmundson, Mrs.
J H Edwards, Mrs. H. T. Emery .
'Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Field, Miss Field,
Mr. and Mrs. 3. F. Firth, Mr. and Mrs. F.
E. Frazer, Mr. and Mrs. John Farnharri, Theo.
and Mrs. Frolich, Marshall Falrfleld. Mrs. F.
French, Mrs. M. Fonda, Mr. and Mrs. P. B.
Flint.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Gage, Mr. and Mrs.
W. L. Growall. Miss Mabel Gunn.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Hatch. Mr. and Mrs.
C. Hellwlr, Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Haskell, Miss
Lottie Haskell, Mr. and Mrs. Marshall L,. Hale.
Mr. and Mrs. J.. W. Hoy t, Mrs. J. H. Hal-
Bted, Mrs. A C. Hart, Mrs. H. B. Hunt, Mrs.
J. L. Hosmer. ,
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Jackson, Miss Alice
Jackson. Mies Ida Jackson. .
Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Booth, Mr. and Mrs.
C. S. Benedict, Dr. .and Mrs. J. A. .Black,
George W. Bauer. C. J. Bauer, Miss C. Bauer,
William H. Beard, Mies Bennett, Mr. and Mrs.
John H. Bennett, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Batkin,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Bruce, Mr. and Mrs. W.
J. Bla4ne. Mr. and Mrs. K. A. Buckingham,
F. W. Buttleman. Fr«d M. BiggerstoII, Mns.
George Buck. Mrs. T. Burgess. Mrs. C D. Bar
rows. Mrs. T. J. Bass, Mrs. C. L. BIgelow,
Mtb. J. O. Bloomer. Mrs. Charles E. Blake,
Mrs. Paul Breon, Mrs. IV. G. Brown.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs.
R. W. Campbell, Miss Campbell, P. D. Code,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Fessenden Clark, Miss L. P.
Clark. Mr. and Mrs. R. N. Carson, Miss Olive
H. Carson, Mr. and Mrs. George r>. Clark,
Mr. and Mrs. M. A. C. Christensen, Mr. and
Mrs. William Cluff, George E. Crothers Wil
liam Chlsholm, M. Cumbach, Mrs. A. W. Car
son. Mrs. C. E. Cooper, Mrs. H. A. Cummings.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Coleman, Mr. and Mrs. Car
roll Cook. . ' .
After the banquet and toasts were fin
ished, dancing began., The grand march
was led by imminent Commander M. D.
Loveland and Miss Lulu Edwards. Be
tween dances Frederick R. Biggerstaff en
tertained the guests with a splendid piano
rendition of Motszkowski's grand waltz.
Later tin a. dainty supper was served
under the direction of Sir Knights W. S.
Miller, J. M. Peel, William Ciuff, George
E. Dow and A; J. de Lamare. : . ;
Every feature of the entertainment
showed lavish generosity and! excellent
taste. The decorations In the - hall com
prised electric lights forming the com
mandery's nalne, a moon, a, bear sur
rounded with lights and a basket of foli
age including lOu Incandescent lights. Cal
cium lights were also used. Tne draper
ies were white with silver fringe and pale
blue. A papier mache battlesnip six feet
long was piaced in. the gallery and sur
rounded with two-candle power lamps.
There was also an abundance of foliage
in decorations. The guests were:
Golden Gate Hall was thronged last
night with a brilliant assembly of Knights
Templar, comprising Golden Gate Com
manaery No. 16. THe occasion was the
annual banquet and ball of the Knights
and their fair ladies. The guests wore
elaborate evening dress. Covers were
laid for 200 in tne banquet room. The
tempting menu was interspersed with
ShaKespeare's choicest* witticisms.
Redeemer. The affair was of
double interest jowing to the prominence
and popularity of the parties. Father Mc-
Quade performed the ceremony. The
wedding was a quiet one, only relatives
being- present. Hiss Angela Vallejo, the
bride's sister, was bridesmaid and Ed
McGettigan acted as best man.
After the wedding a reception was held
at the home of the couple at 4044 Eight
eenth nireet-
The bride is a tall, slender brunette of
charming personality. She is descended
from one of the old aristocratic families
of the State, being a daughter of Dr.
Platon Vallejo and granddaughter of Gen
eral' Vallejo. The groom is the son of
Edward McGettigan, formerly of Vallejo,
and a prominent politician. Dr. McGetti
gan graduated from St. Mary's College
and from the medical department of the
University of California with honors.
During the war with Spain Dr. McGetti
gan was lieutenant and assistant surgeon
in the Eighth Regiment, California Vol
unteers. Upon being mustered out he
opened an office in San Francisco and
soon established a large practice. Recog
nizing Dr. McGettigahs ability, the meai
cal department ot the State university
made him a demonstrator of anatomy.
He Is also one of the visiting physicians
of St. Mary's Hospital.
MISS FRANCISCA C. VALLEJO
and Dr. Charles D. McGettigan
were married yesterday after
noon at the Church of the Holy
"I'll tell you the truth of the matter"
said Braemer. "The old man and I have
been fighting for about six months and I
concluded to quit. Some errors had b°en
discovered in the books and it was mu
tually agreed to have an expert go over
them. In order to indemnify the company
Attorneys Cleveland and O'Hara were ap
pointed trustees of my estate and I turned
over to them the $72,000 in stocks. If any
shortage is found I will be to blame. My
salary was $30 a week and has been for
the past ten years. I owned 515,000 worth
cf stock in the company. In conclusion I
¦wish to state that if there is any short
age I know nothing of it."
No reports of similar character ever
created such a sensation in this city, as
Braemer always has been regarded as a
man of the highest business and social
standing. He owns one of the finest resi
dences in the city and it is furnished with
all that art could supplv. In all of the
sensational reports that have been pub
lished no reference is made to him as a
fast man or of bad habits, such as arc
usually coupled with such sensations.
The attorneys and other interested per
sons will give no assurance that the report
cf the experts on the examination of the
books will be made public when com
pleted, as they state that every possible
difference has already been adjusted satis
factorily by the property that Braemer
has turned over in trust. All the inter
ested parties stale that they expected,,
after the meeting last Sunday, at which
Braemer resigned, that all differences
would be settled without the matter ever
becoming- public.
Some Errors in the Books.
Braemer is 45 years old and has been
with the Scroths twenty-seven years,
most of the time receiving J25 per week as
bookkeeper and in recent years twice that
much as secretary and treasurer. The
firm did a -business of about $1,000,000 a
year, which was collected by Braemer.
When John Scroth died, over a year
ago, Lieutenant Governor Carl Nippert
became the attorney of his heirs, who in
stituted an investigation of the company,
which finally culminated in a meeting of
all interested parties last Sunday, at
which Braemer resigned and from which
the sensational reports of to-day ema
nated.
Lieutenant Governor Nippert, attorney
for the heirs of John Scroth, is engaged
with the Legislature at Columbus, while
Harlan Cleveland, attorney for Braemer,
and John W. O"Hara, attorney for the
company and also for the trustees, are
engaged with the experts In examining
the books. The accountants insist that
they cannot complete their work for two
or three weeks, and counsel say that no
reliable statement can be made until that
time.
Not a Han of Bad Habits.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 22.— Sensational re
ports were published here to-day of an al
leged shortage in the books of Theodore
Braemer, who resigned last ; Sunday as
secretary and treasurer of the J. & F.
Scroth Packing Company of this city. The
jstory as first published alleged a shortage
of from 51G0.000 to $400,000, extending over
a period of twenty years, and declared
that Braemer had turned over all of his
property and chattels in trust pending an
examination of the books by experts.
Braemer denied that there was any defal
cation, but admitted that he had turned
over $72,000 in personal property to Harlan
Cleveland, his attorney, and Joseph W.
O'Hara, attorney for the J. & F. Scroth
Company. While Braemer talked freely
about the case, the Scroths refused to say
anything, and the attorneys were also
reticent.
Collects a Million a Year.
Theodore Braemer, Who Collected a
ICillioa Dollars a Year, la the
Accused Man, but He Says
It Is Merely an Error.
Trusted Employe of a Pack
ing Company Turns Over
His Property. :^
Report of Shortage of
From $160,000 to
8400,000.
VAST THEFT
BY SECRETARY
IS ALLEGED
it CHICAGO,' Jan.' 22.— The campaign for pure
food has already .borne fruit. - Eighteen grocers
faced, Justice ..Richardson and paid fines of $•">
and costs for selling impure vinegar. - •
¦ -' ¦ . -i'-'d "¦':'} ¦'' ' '£¦( '¦."'/- \ •¦¦ "'¦"¦*'-¦' .-. ¦
Weds a , Palo ; Alto Miss.
-PALO' ALTO," Jan. 22.— Charles Quayle,
Stanford '00, - : and { Miss | Coral j Sanor were
married to-day In-thls^ity.^
. An. entertainment and dance was given
last evening In' Native Sons' Hall by the
Fremont Republican Club. There was a
large attendance and the programme ren
dered was appreciated. , The' feature i ot
the evening was' a lecture on the' Y"o
semite Valley by. \V. B. .Webster.,* Splen
did stereopticon views were, used , J W
Fisher sang, vocal selections were 'ren
dered by the Columbian Quartet and W
W. Bracken scored a hit a3 a monoloelst'
A. N. Macdpnald mystified the audience
with skillful sleight-of-hand tricks.
Fremont I Club : Entertains.
OAKLiAND; Jan. .22.— Edward Neal, who
was caughtYransacking . the First ' Presby
terian Church of 'Alameda, pleaded guilty
this morning * to a charge { of burglary in
Judge .Melvin's; court. Neal was \ stopped
In .his tracks at' the point of a pistol In
the hands^ '• of Policeman Keyes Just as : he
was leaving the church, and the evidence
was too strong for him to combat. Hia
attorney'^ told - the r . court - that Neal's - rea-,
sons for becoming a, burglar were that he
was out of work and hungry." After Glis
tening to this story Judge Melvin declared
thaffour years at San Quentin was suf
ficient punishment for the crime. ' , ;
to 'Steal.
Edward NealPleadslThat He Was
; .Out of : "Work-and .Was Forced
The substitute of Stanford's Carnot' 'team
was. present at the finals Monday night. ' It Is
a father ¦ unusual . thin* ,¦ that '. he should 'have
come here out of Idle curiosity. ",< He must then
have had some reason. That . reason f is easy
to conjecture. ;¦• A ; man well .informed on : the
subject debated canno.t help but learn . much'
of his opponent's line of argument,' even if b.6
does -not .take notes.' ; That Mr. ¦¦> Loofbourow
attended the - finals for ' the purpose of finding
out any thine that ' mieht be of future use • we
do not know., If he did not, we are sorry that
he made the , mistake of cominir; if .he , did, :
nothing that we can say would adequately ex
press our sentiments regarding such- ungentle
manly . action. . Were . Mr. -. Loofbourow not • of fl-"
daily connected with Stanford' s debating team
the matter would " not , present itself m ; thv
game light, but representing:, it as he does, we
cannot let ;the matter pass unnoticed. ¦;¦-:-
We sincerely. hope that the press and student
body of Stanford will hasten to assure -us that
the gentleman's actions were those of .an un
authorized v Individual _ and • not . of . a member of
her , Carnot "; team. "*: r .:., ,' ¦ ." < ';
BERKELEY, Jani 22.— Mr. Loofbourow,
the alternate : 'on the "Stanford Carnot
team, has been taken to-taBk by | Editor
A. F. Lemberger of the Daily Calif ornlan
for attending tl)e University of California
Carnot finals,' held here Monday. Lember
ger : censures Loorbourow, in an editorial
In this morning's college paper, and de
clares that it is rather unusual for him to
come here through . idle curiosity to listen
to the debate. The editorial says: : :r : ,
ence of Palo Alto Camot Alter
nate at Berkeley .Finals. ..
Editor of Calif oraiari Objects to Pres-
STANFORD DEBATER
RECEIVES CENSURE
"Being of sound and disposing mind, I
declare t..it to be my will.:, I give to my
son, E. B. Jerome Jr., .the . sum of : ten
dollars; to my .soni Leonard Stanley Jer-:
ome, , the : sum of -• ten ¦ dollars; .to J my
daughter, iuthol Ida Jerome; i Dequeatn
all property of whatever, kind I may be
possessed of at the time of my death,'in
cluding house and lot at 1331 Chestnut
s.ieet, Oakland, if not otherwise disposed
of before my death; the proceeds of my
life insurance policy in the New England
Mutual,. accident policy, etc., and appoint
her executrix wltnout bonds and consign
my son Leonard to her care. ¦ -., -.•¦¦¦j
; - 1 "E.B. JEROME.",. :.
The ages-of the children are given as
follows: - Ethel , Ada- Jerome,- 20; ,E» B.
Jerome Jr., 28; Leonard Jerome, 13 years.
Mr. Jerome's wlf e , died a' year ago; E.
B. Jerome Jr. is practically disinherited,
it is stated, because of an estrangement
between father and son 1 , several years
ago.. - .*' '¦",.: / '¦ .. .,*¦ ¦--¦ ";•¦/ " ; , ,.•-..: Si
The estate consists of the home at 1331
Chestnut street, valued at $4000; the in
surance policy at $4000, and personal prop
erty worth $500, making a total of $8500. •'
The will, .which is olographic, bears the
date of November 10, 1901, and reads as
follows: ¦ ; ¦-,;• . ' -
The will of the late E. B. Jerome, chief
clerk of the Custom-house at San Fran
cisco, who served the. United States Gov
ernment faithfully for many years, was
filed for probate to-day by. the deceased's
only daughter/Miss Ethel Adp, Jerome,
wno is the. executrix and ¦ chief benefi
ciary. It disposes of an. estate valued at
less than $9000— an attestation of the'in
tc -rlty of the deceased official. , '.¦'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Janr22..
Colonel E. B. Jerome's
Will Is FiledinPro-'v
bate Court.
1 As the result ¦ of '-. this ¦- fortunate conver
sation. Hurley is to come into possession
of his fortune. '
REDDING. Jan. 1 22.— John Hurley, tim
berman 1 ; at ; the Bully, Hill ; mine,' has re
ceived word: that a;fortuneof£98,0Q0 has
been * left ' to *• his j brother,". Cawley | Hurley,"
and himself. - \ John " Hurley ' .- hails *, : from
Middlesex County, " Massachusetts, I and
Cawley Hurley is a papermaker in Walt
ham. The fortune was left' by their great-'
grandmother, Hannah ; . Condln, who . died
two years ago at the age of 98 years.
; Lawyers have been seeking John for
two /years. .; Recently a -newspaper man
,who knew of the extensive bequest visited
the Bully Hill mine.' "While in the timber
shed, he heard some man speak to Hurley.'
He asked the latter If his name was John
Hurley. ¦; v ;•
"It Is. 'sir,? "replied Hurley. *
; "Do you- come: from Massachusetts?" I
"I do, sir," answered • the brawny tim
berman. ¦ '\$Ktt&»&iUe*&M&t&tt ii tf9x5bS&&K
BULLY HILL TIMBERMA2T
INHERITS LABGE rOBTTJlTB
1 . Bair • was particularly ; entertaining -and"
more or less magnetic, for he had resided
only a short time In •Fruitvale before he
Political and Social Leader.
Few of the neighbors ever crossed the
Bair threshold and when they did It -was)
only to chat in the parlor. The ' couple
frequently absented themselves from
home, going, away together for several
days at a time. The Bairs always had
money and never ran . bills. Never ex
travagant, they were i always tastefully
dressed; j and in • general purchased freely
and never/so far as is known in the com
munity at Fruitvale, with. bogus money."
One debt Bair was known to have— a
mortgage on the pretty place on East
Sixteenth street, '. where he has lived for
the last two years. - He paid $90 on this
Indebtedness the day before his arrest.
'Bair was of regular ¦ habits. He 'came
to this city daily and a short 1 time ago
showed a friend his "business" card, con
taining his name and giving his occupa
tion as assistant auditor of the board or
underwriters. ' ¦ " , ' ".'"-¦ ¦'" '"'.
The Bairs went to Fruitvale after sell
ing out a restaurant, conducted by them
at Tenth and Howard* streets, in San
Francisco. They- rented . a modest' cottage
on Bassett, street, residing there about a
year. Then, through H. A. Pleltner, a
Fruitvale real estate agent,' they built the
house on East Sixteenth street, which ha3
been a counterfeiting den as well as the
pretty home. of the couple..:
Last Monday night -Hazen and Moffltt
lay in the wet grass in the yard adjoining
the Bair cottage in Fruitvale watching
Bair at work In the lighted attic until 1
a m Almost up to midnight Miss Snicke
tanz played the piano in the parlor and
sang several songs. . - *,
: Bair had cards . printed representing
himself to be the auditor of the Pacific
Coast Underwriters', Union. This was
done In. order to divert suspicion, lest the
source of his income might be suspected.
The Bairs- slept in the Alameda County
Jail last night.
Fruitvale society is stirred to its depths
at the revelation of the - dual existence
of Mr. and Mrs. Bair. They were the re
cipients of cordial greetings and neighbor
ly, confidences by all who knew them.
They joined the local lodges, attended the
neighborhood socials and went out a great
deal. 'But it now occurs to their admirers
that the Bairs never, entertained. Their
house and grounds .' were groomed and
; garnished with scrupulous care, but ap
1 parently for > their otra gratification. ,
j "Neighbors Never Got Past the Parlor.
Watch Bair at Work in Attic.
an Italian peddler on Kep.rny street, near
Geary and gave him a counterfeit dollar,
receiving 90 cents in change. After - she
had gone, a little ways Hamill demanded
the dollar, but the peddler insisted that it
was good money, biting it at the same
time to test its hardness. The detective
gave him a good dollar in exchange for
thebad one. .»../..¦
became a prominent figure, not only in
the social life, but in a political way. In
fact, he had been mentioned as a possible
candidate for Supervisor in the Alameda
district, now represented by Supervisor
J. R. Talcott.
It was known among his friends that
Bair "played the races." That had been
a hobby of his before he went to Fruit
vale, and those who knew him well say ,he
sold out his restaurant in this city to
raise money to follow the horses. That
Bair only utilized the racetrack as a
means of disposing of his counterfeit coin
is now believed to be the fact. Quite re
cently he had become affiliated with the
Woodmen, the Red Men and other frater
nal organizations, and there was not a
question concerning his standing. His
friends say he will nave no trouble in se
curing the release of both himself and hi 3
wife on ball, arrangements to that end
being in .progress."
CLEVER COUNTERFEITER'S WIFE WHO IS ACCUSED OF "SHOVING
THE QUEER" IN THIS CITY, AND THE DWELLING IN FRUITVALE
WHEREIN THE SPURIOUS COIN WAS MADE.
The Chrysanthemum Club, • the ybune
members of which are so active in behalf
of the Children's Hospital, will give' a
ball on ' the evening 1 of February f « Ad
mission tickets, at $1 . each can- be pro
cured at /Arthur B. Plerson's stationery
store, 318 Post street, instead of 25 Post
as was originally announced. .
Mrs. Asa M. Simpson and Miss Simnson
will not. receive on Friday,/ the 24th inst
owing: to illness, but will be at-home fh'p
following Friday. January 31.
• . . * ' *
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Miller enter
tained a number of friends at the Palace
Hotel on Tuesday evening to celebrate
the fiftieth anniversary of their marriatre
Their, itour children and "five grand
children . were all present and the even-
Ing was a very happy one.
Miss Jennie Blair was hostess at a din
ner at the Richelieu Tuesday evening«1n
honor of Mrs. Anson P. Hotallng Jr. who
leaves for Seattle on Saturday, after
which she will go to Europe If or several
months. The decorations were most ar
tistic. Red was the prevailing color The
guests were: Mrs. Samuel M. Blair, Mrs.
Alexander Garceau, Captain and Mrs c'
Justin Bailey, U. S. A., Miss Maud
O'Connor, Miss Tinie O'Connor, . Miss
Grace Spreckels, Miss Lillian Spreckels
Miss Florence Ives, General S. B m'
Young," U. S. A.r Richard M. Hotaline'
Frederick Hotaling, Orrin Peck, Edgar
A. Mizner, Joseph Tobln Jr., John Charles
Wilson, F. G. Bottum and Eujrene
Murphy. - ' ... .
• ¦ • •
Mrs. David Green gave a pleasant din
ner at the home of Mr. and Mrs.~Albert
J. Dibblee, 2717 Pacific avenue, last even
ing to a number of friends. Mrs. Green
leaves, next week for Japan with her
parents. Mr. and Mrs. Rogers of Colum
bus, Ohio.
Miss Helen Dean gave an informal tea
at the apartments of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter E. Dean, in the Palace Hotel
yesterday, for one hundred of her friends.
The guest of honor -was Miss McCalla of
Washington, a daughter of Captain Mc-
Calla, U. S. N..- The decorations were red.
including red roses, poinsettia and soft
red shades. * Many of the young ladles
wore white. Miss Helen Dean was charm-
Ing 1 in- white chiffon over taffeta, with
dainty white lace. Those who assisted in
receiving were: Miss Alice Hager, Miss
Ethel Hager, Miss Elsie Sperry, Miss
Virginia Mokes, S Miss Madine Nuttall,
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Maud Bourn
and Mrs. Walter L.. Dean.
Mrs. N. G. Kittle gave a. delightful
dance last evening at her residence,
Steiner street and Pacific avenue. Miss
Cornelia Scott of St. Louis was guest of
honor. The drawing-rooms were done in
foliage. The artistic touch of the hostess
was apparent in every detail of the deco
rations. One hundred and fifty guests
were present. Those who received were:
Mrs. N. G. Kittle, Mrs. "William Taylor,
Mrs. George. Boyd and Miss Scott. •
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. "Wilklns, Mrs. C. Ware
house, Mrs. D. Walker, Mrs. M. H. Weed,
Walter N. Brunt, William GUndermann, Mrs.
William. GUndermann, Otto Grundle Mrs. Otto
Grundle. Dr O. F. Westphal Mrs. O. F. West
pbal. "
Mr. and Mrs. F. L: Turpin, Mr. and Mn
A. W. Turpin, Miss Clara Belle Turpin. Mi
and Mrs. A. H. Turner. Mrs. T. F. Tracy.
. Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Umhsen. .
W. Frank Pierce. Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Pei
kins.
Mr. and Mrs. Theo. Relchart. Mr. and Mn
H. B. Ream, Mrs. W. KeddinK, Mrs. H. r
. Robertson.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Sumner. Mr. an
Mrs. Clarence M. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. C
Spaulding, Mr. and Mrs. Ed A. Stevenson, Mi
and Mrs. Carl H. Schmidt, Mrs. Salsbun
Mrs. George Spauldlng, Mrs. G. L. Spear. Mn
A. Stadtmuller, Mrs. L. T. Sanborn. TCn-s. 1
E. Smith. Mrs. H. J. Sadler. Miss Beda Sperr:
Miss Emma Spengler, Austin Sperry. M. J
Savage, W. P. Stinson. Frank Sherman; Butle
E. Shaw. ¦ .
YOUNG COUPLE WHOSE WED
DING WAS A SOCIAL. EVENT
OF INTEREST. .
CHURCH; BURGLAR GOES
TO JAIL EOB rOUB YEAB5
As early as last November Secret Ser
vice Agents Moffltt and' Foster went to
work - to trace the , bad dollars , to their
source, and. after sufficient evidence had
been gathered to show that Bair. was t.ie
only person doing | this at the racetrack
Moffltt and Foster, J and later on Foster,
and Police Detective Archie Hamill, were
put on the "trail of Mrs. Bair, , -while Mof
fltt and Hazen shadowed Bair at the race
track and at his home.'. Mrs. . Bair was
accompanied by her sister, Miss Nellie
Shlcketanz, in her trips to this city. Mrs.
Bair- visited restaurants, .drugstores, dry
goods ' stores • and street flower peddlers
and passed the / bad dollars, .^receiving
change in good. money. 'As soon" as she
left one - place the shadowers ? went ' In'
and recovered the bad dollars, which they,
afterward marked as evidence/- The coun-'
terfelts were so good that It was with dif
ficulty that the sleuths could convince the
victims that the- money was' bad. One
day she bought a bunch of violets from
¦rj- - ¦rrX.YSSES G. BAIR and his wife.
I I' Kate, were transferred by Secret
• 11 . fl Service Agent Hazen to the cus-
tody' of United States Marshal
Shine yesterday afternoon after
Agent Hazen had sworn to- three com
plaints I against the prisoners. . The first
complaint . charges Bair with having un
lawfully in his possession on January 21
at Emeryville eleven j counterfeit dollars,
and with having passed six of them on
John Doe, true name unknown. ¦ The sec
ond complaint charges Bair with having
in his possession tools for the manufac
ture of counterfeit dollars. ; The charge
against Kate Bair is that of having
passed counterfeit dollars' uppn several
persons— restaurant-keepers and street
flower peddlers. The prisoners were taken
before United States. Court Commissioner
Heacock, and on motion of Assistant
United States District Attorney Duncan
K McKinlav ball was fixed for Bair in
the sum of $3000 and for Mrs.. Bair in the
sum of $1000. The prisoners were repre
sented by Eugene F. Bert. Next Monday
at 10 a. m. was fixed as the time for the
preliminary, examination. -
Was Paying for a Cottage.
It is more than likely that Bair will
waive examination and go before the
United States District . Court and plead
Kuiltv after the indictment shall have
been" found by the Federal Grand Jury.
Bair said yesterday that he did not'know
what he would do until he had seen his
attorney, but he had no hesitation in de
claring that he was guilty. All that he
asked was that he might not be dealt
with too harshly. He had disposed of the
counterfeit money, he said, at tHe race
track, and nobody had been injured there
by except the bookmakers or their pa
trons, to whom they had passed out the
bad dollars. He added that his winnings
at the racetrack averaged $600 per month,
and his surplus earnings went to pay a.
building and loan society for the pretty
cottage he lived in over at Fruitvale. on
Sixteenth street, the total cost of which
was $4500. He intended after the cottage
had been paid for to invest in a Bmall
chicken ranch in the country and earn an
honest living, he said. The plaster molds
with' which he finished the counterfeit
pieces he >dr6pped into the bay while
crossing over on the ferry. It was his
practice to make a certain number of dol
lars and then destroy the' molds, making
new ones whenever they were needed. .
' Skillful Counterfeiting.
Agents Hazen, Harry Moffltt and Thom
as B Foster say that the counterfeit dol
lars made by Bair are the best they ever
saw The ring is perfect and the molding
as sharply done as though the metal were
struck from a steel die. The great defect
is lightness, they being 25 per cent under
weight \* ¦ ¦ ' ' '¦ -*
At the racetrack Bair made five bets
on each- j-ace, each bet of $2 or $4. in the
first cas4 using a good dollar and a bad
one, and/ in the second two good, and two
bad dollars. He placed the good dollars
over the bad ones, so that the deficiency
In weight might not be detected, and al
ways waited tuntll »: there was a crowd at
•the pool boxes. After he had; placed a
bet with" one bookmaker he squirmed
through ihe crowd and placed the other
bets with other bookmakers. It was this
habit of betting at the . different stands
and always in silver that first aroused
the suspicions of the secret service men;
and his hand containing the money was
seized by Agent Hazen just as Bair was
passing it up to the bookmaker.
t Mrs. , Bair Shoved .the Queer. }
GIVES DAUGHTER
ALL THE ESTATE
A prominent member of the West In- '
dian sugar committee points out that in
spite of the vigorous action by the Amer
ican Treasury". Department regarding
Russian sugar, 'that department of the
American Government had not . so far
taken cognizance of the German and Aus
trian. "Kartels," which have proved an
important factor in the Brussels confer
ence, and which both the French and
British delegates to the conference have
declared to be more vital than the boun
ties. . '; ¦ -•¦- V ¦ - ;,..:: . - ; - , - . 7.
No "Kartels" exist in France, and un
less some modification ¦ of the existing
conditions be arrived at France's sugar in
dustry is likely to suffer equally with
Great Britain's, in spite of the French
sugar bounty, which i France has ex
pressed her willingness to withdraw in the
event of the suppression of the Austrian
and German "Kartels" and bounties.
The best informed opinion here is that
on the failure of the Brussels conference,
both Great Britain and France will bring
. forward in their respective legislatures
measures providing for countervailing du
ties upon German and Austrian sugar,
such duties to cover not only the benefits
derived from bounties, but also those pro
fits accruing from the "Kartel" system
of exportation.
Advices received from Brussels by sugar
magnates here are to the effect that both
Great Britain and France have demanded
that Germany and Austria not only,with
draw their bounties, but suppress the
"Kartels," which are represented as be
ing merely unofficial forms. for providing
subsidy for sugar producers. Germany
and Austria have so far maintained their
attitude, which expresses intoleratloh at
what they describe as interference i in
purely internal affairs, and while they are
willing to amend their sugar bounties
they utterly decline to discuss the "Kar
tels." ' , '¦:..-
The "Kartels" (organizations of sugar
refiners) in the latter countries formed
the rock upon which delegates to the con
ference wiir split. Yaves Guidet, ' former
editor of Le Siecle and one of the best
known publicists in France, who repre
sents the various French governmental
and industrial interests," recently had an
important secret . conference -.with Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancellor ' of the
British Exchequer, .with the result that
France and Great Britain are practically
committed to a commercial alliance in an
endeavor to suppress sugar, bounties.' ¦
" LONDON, Jan. 22.— It is ..learned to
night that the international sugar confer
ence at Brussels is practically . certain to
end in a disagreement between the powers
concerned therein, with the r result that
Fpance and Great Britain will take active
steps against the. Austrian and German
bounty, systems. .-.'".. '¦':..
Countervailing Duties May Be } Im
posed on the German and the ;
Austrian Product in Line
of Retaliation.
Demand Suppression
of Kartels.
Great Britain and France
European Nations WilJ.
Not Agree on -the
Bounties.
flaker of Bad Honey Says He Was W a
Month at Races and Buying a Cottage.
CONFERENCE
STARTS WAR
OVER SUGAR
BAIR'S COUNTERFEIT DOLLARS
HAVE A MOST SEDUCTIVE RING
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THpj^
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN
WEDS VALLEJO BELLE
Knights Templar and Their Fair Ladies Enjoy
Annual Banquet and Dance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GBAPE-NTTTS.
THREE CHICAGO DOCTORS
Failed to Do for Miss Mabelle L.
LaMonte WJhat Was Accom-
plished by Lydia E. Pin&Jbain's
Vegetable Compound.
'"DxJlB Mbs. PrsntHAac: — I was in
an awful state for nearly three years
with a complication of female troubles
which three physicians called by dif-
ferent names, but the pains were all
the same. I dreaded the time of my
ffwH *¦¦. . " iwmSpV - , "•' ." i Bsfll *
8MSar J^^^fe^f.v^j 0-j^E^^^
MABELLE L.XAMO2TTE.
monthly periods for it meant a conplo
of days in bed in awful agony. I final-
ly made up my. mind that the good
doctors -were gnessing ; and hearing
from different friends such good re-
ports of Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound, I tried that. I
bless the day I did, for it was the
dawning- of a new life for me. -I -used
five bottles before I was cured, but
when they were taken I was a well
woman once more. Your Compound is
certainly "wonderful. Several of my
friends have used it since, and nothing
but the best do I ever hear from its
i use." — Yours, Mabeixk L. LaMoste,
222 E. 31st St. , Chicago, 111.— fBOOO
forfeit if above testimonial Is nvt gertuln*. .
If Lydia E. Pinlvham's Vege-
table Compound could cure Miss
LaMonte— why not you ? Try it
and see for yourself .
; I- Mrs. Ptnlcham advises sick wo-
men free. Address, Lynn, Mass*
I? A charming |z
I breakfast dish |
GRAPE-NOTS
vi Uvv" t) oCI 1 *THE S41* FRANCISCO Z CALL; .THURSDAY, JANXJART 23, 1 902.
10
SPIRITUALISM. \''\"\
A^cT^T^n—^RT^oridTTamous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 pT m.; 50c. 1Q84 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. . medium ;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. ¦
MME. THYES..993 Market— Seance Sun., Tues.r
Thurs.; Independent writing, 25c; come skep-
tics; readings. ; ;'¦¦.''¦. ¦ ¦-. ' ;
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 3761 — Seances . Sun.,
.Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings, 10-0.
A— PROFTGEE, 108 Sixth st.; readings daily,
,50c and $1; circle every night, ' 10c. '.
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmjst. will
guide you right. 1583 Market St., near 12th.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium, rain
or sunshine, for short stay. 309 Turk st.r ;
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk. 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10o.
CLAIRVOYANTS.. x \ ¦'_.__
k^OW~THY~FUTURiT~™~~~^
And Prospects, for 1902 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD. * .
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
i, marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or ; Influence any. one
you love or meet; no charge unless. you find
him superior to all others. Hours. 10 to 7
daily; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms. 13,
14, first floor. 1104— MARKET ST— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's. .
MME. M. BERNARD,
- THE FAMOUS • .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., ¦ next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569..
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
" 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed . by mail ; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice; no long story;
just what you want to know; consultation on
all matters: love, marriage, divorce, family
troubles, sickness; we convince all. Parlors
1, 2 and 3, 607 Kearny ' st. '
ISMAR, ¦ the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. : ' .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;lRd!es50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads vour life correctly without
ques.: full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
50c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr., palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future: L. 25c; G. 50c. 24^ Minna, upstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la- i
dies 25c; gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana; j
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
MRS. LA VON. won9erful fortune teller; truth
¦ or no pay; 25c and SOc. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. .HIGGINS, 927 Market st., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
I and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful" secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prlceB-
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
" 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up ; plates, extractions free, $4 B0
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to Op. m. ; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;filllngs, SOc;
' plates $5. -full set: a>l work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. 5r! ii! g!
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin — Pain-
less ext., SOc: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.-
'*£ DOG HOSPITALS. .
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
. Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. - WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
____________
HEALD' S S^6^^F^_CTMC^_T'ET?Gi-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
catalogue free. ' , . ¦' - . ¦
AYRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
* typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat.' free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, - law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALIiAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50 ; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
I associated with theatrical agency securing
I positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
THE Raven awards handsome prizes > for bright
short stories. Forward manuscript to P. , O.
box 77, Berkeley. ¦-¦¦
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott ¦ bldg; Individual Instruction; • catalogue.'
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864/ Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. . 305 Larkin St.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkepelng and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. • San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st. . . . ;
A — THE Leo Cooper . School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons'. Hall, 414 Maton st.
LADY teacher would like a few more Juvenile
piano pupils; 50c an hour. Box 2879, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De.Flllppe'_Vcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl871;ablestprof8.
SHORTHAND taught by mail- or personally
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 802 Montgomery stl
VIOLIN, mandolin,' guitar. ! Prof. MERKI good
¦ teacher. 1008 Mission;. Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.- 10th
Pitman . shorthand, • typing, bookkep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S . DAY '. and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. . 424 Pine st. -
MARY P. WESTHAUS,; piano, mandolin; guitar
lessons, 50c;) piano for practice. r . 39 Fifth st. 1
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. St., S.-F.;
•founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. -:
employment;, offices. • ¦ ¦ .
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks &
waiters furnished at short notice. . GEO KI-
NOSHITA, 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501/
CHINESE and Japanese help;" estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY- & CO.;- 640 Clay.
JAPANESE ; and Chinese 'best .help; cook ; and
walter., : 421 Post.'GEO.: AOKI;, tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 % O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
- flee; all kinds help. : 315 Stockton; Main B188.
JAPANESE Intelligence : Office— Furnish" most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.-
ORPHEUM Employment Of flce^-Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
. HELP WAN TE D— MALE— Con. /
ENERGETIC man wanted to handle a line of
medium and fine pocket books and fancy
leather goods ¦ on * commission In connection
' with similar lines; they are especially suited
- for fine retailers. . as they^ range In price
from $9' per dozen up. Should have some
knowledge of the goods to haridle them suc-
cessfully. ¦¦ In replying give age. experience,
reference and territory proposed covering.
Pocket i Books, box 537. Philadelphia.
WANTED— Boy fourteen or fifteen years of
age to attend to errands and light office duties
by a large manufacturing concern: must
-be-neat obliging and Intelligent; reside with
parents, and furnish satisfactory references
- f as ¦ to honesty . and respectability. Address
"Errands," . box 3508. Call office.
WANTED^ — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
¦> inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information j apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis, St., San Francisco. .
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in U. S. Vols.
•to apply fpr two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court of Claims.
: CHAS. and WM. B. KING.
344 Phelan building.
WANTED— A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for ¦ Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
. 2279, Call office. " .' • ."*.
'WANTED— Honest man -with $250 cash; du-
' ties tend cash counter in restaurant: no ex-
perience; $50 month and board. BROWN,
1221 Market st.
A GOOD experienced man In real estate busi-
ness; some booking; reference required;
\ good salary to right party. Address box
- 2393, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Gentlemen of good appearance who
are good talkers to represent our company in
Oakland, San Jose and San Francisco. 819
¦ Market St., room 45, 9 a. m. to 12.
WANTED^ — Laborers and mechanics to knpw
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, Cal.
BARBERS, attention — $150 for a 1-chair shop
running over $25 per week. Box 3548, Call.
FOR SALE— Two chair barber shop, $150; pays
$30 week. 394 Sixth St. -
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
600 MEN to buy new and. 2d-hand army shoes.
SOc up; soling 20c up. 8.23 Howard St., nr. 5th.
PENSION atty.. B. A. Bullls, 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to SOc. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men' », shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near, Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIEX) advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?d
_ Valencia st. x ¦ • ¦
HORSES AND WAGONS. *
AUCTION sale. Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
- heavy wagon and livery horses at 11 :30
a, m. Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 and 72*
. Howard st. . . '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons.
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy St., 6
cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
1200; fine surrey horses.
FOR sale — Horse, top buggy, harness, good
condition ; also good bicycle. -442 • Pacific st.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome st.
A BARGAIN tn good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express -wagon, slncle: also light
.. camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, ¦ 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada nne year for SI.
' houses to _et.
A^SS^eImIsTTio^s^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1930, near Laguna — Eight rooms,
bath: fine marine view; rent $42 50.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
. ,--,- -i- -..-'i-n-ii i. .f i i , i I,,,. ., , ,' , ,, ,,_
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement, yard. Portola, off Waller,
bet. Pierce and Steiner. Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, ¦ this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 39. 139 Post st.
LOST AJfD FOOSD.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of ANNIE PEPPER. No. 185-519.
' The finder will please return to bank. v
LOST — Near Cypress Lawn, a gold beaded um-
brella with Initials M. T>., 18S8; liberal re-
- ward. Return 4032 Twenty-flf th, nr. Sanchez.
LOST — Between Oakland racetrack and this
city, Tuesday afternoon, a purse containing
2 certificates of depcslt. 2 foreign gold pieces
and other money. A liberal reward paid for
v return to owner, M. S. B., San Antonla.
room 15, 21 Taylor st.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and ¦ Loan Society of ¦ San Francisco, In the
name of ANDREW SEPP. No. 191-1034. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's sold watch. In the Mission. Re-
turn to 304% Guerrero St.; reward.
FOUND — In Post-st. car, Jan. 15, gold glasses.
Apply 665 Ellis st. ¦ -
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
' . gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS. '
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415^2 Sacramento st.,
- builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for Il3t. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized,, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
. medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases- taken; • the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
- confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to tha longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.," opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
80 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
; Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MEN— Why be' weak, when' you can be strong?
Dr.De Ford's Regenerator cures when all
- others fail. . Price 50c, 6 for $3 60, by mall -
a guaranteed cure. DR. ,D_ FORD'S -REM-
EDY CO., 136 S. Broadway, Loa Angeles, Cal.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business -
. home In confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
• of 1312 Golden Gate ave. ' , . *
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' - physician- 23
years' successful experience In S F *Ma-
. ternlty Home. 906- Market St.: opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB . and . MRS. DAVTES' original
method of treatment: maternity home- home
In confinement. : 1126 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN," 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS, DAVIS, ladles' specialist, returned from
New York; maternity home; low fees- best
medical : care. - 1382 Market st. ' -»
. LADIES, : consult the original MRS davtvh
at the old office. 122S Market 8?; 80 year*?
experience In obstetric and other cases.
Dr. Rosen, res. *. 1349 ; Alabama • st nr - 26th ¦
-.treatment $5 to $10:avold delay:none deceived"
DR TnE° JS?J, KE $'£ 10 Stockt <™ «.."' opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herba.
_;" MIAES AAD MIXING, t :,
A COMPANY,^' duly" _c^5oraTeT^^Jwni_c*2
' ffie P s e th 8 erto r !. la "^ «° .?™?%£
company owns and controls "many miles
i of , ancient ; river channels and gravel clalmi
> -carrying gold of high assays? l>fth In quanTl!
> .ty ; and fineness. Address for nter^w
{"Miner," care Palace Hotel. interview.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner blgTsT
-.' F. ; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season . 19021
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
;ie paxes. In. wraanex for maUime, S^jaexvaul
. -HELP -Con/^
A— MRS.;M. E. DAY & Tcoi vi Phone Main 1575
: . .... .-; .;.;.i Hotel Department « ;
.Waitress., flrst-class hotel, $22.50;, fare. paid;
8 waitresses, first-class, city ; and ' country
..hotels,. $20 and $25; chambermaid, $15.
•. ; . ....".. .... . . Family Department . . .'. . . • •
-Experienced infant's- nurse. $25; French
nurseglrl,$25; French second ¦ girl. $20 and
$25; cook. $30; cook, $25; 8 house girls, $25;
6 house girls, $15 to $25; many other choice
i places; best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
' :¦- 335 Geary st. Y . :, -,
WANTED— 4 cooks, small wash, $30; 7 second
¦> girls, $20-$25; chamberwork and sewing, $20;
.: restaurant waitresses, $7-$8 : week; Infant
'nurse $25; chamberwork and laundress. $25;
2 cooks, German style, $30; 4 chambermaids,
.wait one meal, $20; nursery governess, $25;
German nurse girl, $20; 2 waitresses, country
hotel, fare paid. $20; 46 girls for all kinds of
¦ housework, . city - and country; calL J. F.
& CO.. 334 Sutter st..
A — WANTED — Girls and women at S. F. Halr-
. dressing College to learn 'halrdresslng ii trade
¦ thoroughly In 2 "weeks;, course $5, including
.'¦ manicuring, massage, scalp treatment, bleach-
Ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving,' switch and
wig making; positions guaranteed eaoh grad-
- uate; no fake promises; our. pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions in stores all
; over city; 5 positions In leading stores open to
-those entering immediately; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks given money back; day _ eve.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
.. Factory, 32% - Fremont - st. ; . no - experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. -
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
. chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
. . Gough and Grove sts. ' . . . n ,
GIRL to help with light housework and do
; small washing; wages $15. Apply 50 Fair
Oaks st. . . ' . - . ¦ •
CULTURED woman for business position;
some experience in the nursing line desirable.
Box 3498, Call office.
WANTED — Girl to do second work and wait-
ing; also sewing. Apply. at Hotel Richelieu,
.'.room 18. : - . . " ' '.'. .
A LADY of indomitable energy/possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. -r F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
TWO assistants, inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
I ¦ ver University of Physical Culture, 1327 Mar-
ket st. . .- •-:•-¦•: . '¦ ' - ../¦
A GIRL to assist In general housework. Call
at 825 Hayes st. ¦ ¦' ¦ •¦-
COMPOSITOR — Girl on straight matter. 530
Commercial st. ,
A GIRL for light housework and take care of
a child. 1632 McAllister st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 827 Golden
| Gate ave. ; wages $18 to $20.
GIRL — General housework In flat; 3 In family;
; $18. 2527 Gough st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress, all ready for work, at
. 112 Kearny St., room 7 (steady Job).-
WANTED — Young girl for general housework.
¦ 214 Hyde St. ; references. ., '
PLAIN cook, family three adults; light work.
Call 1513 Golden Gate ave. ¦•..-.
WANTED — A yo'ung German or Swiss girl that
can cook well and do some of the downstairs
'work in family of 3 adults; -wages $25. Call
' at 1823 Jackson St., between 9 and 11 a. m.
CAL. College of Halrdresslng and Massage su-
perior to all others: ladles requested to visit
the classes; all who enter this week get full
course for $4. - 305 Larkin St.; take elevator;
ladles' work done free.
WANTED— Girls to fold . shirts • also a few
bright girls about. 16 years of age to work
- in shirt factory. Apply The L. ELKUS CO.,
-29 and 31 Battery st. ¦ '
EXPERIENCED tuckers can make big -wages
at BAUER BROS. & CO.'S, 21 Sansome st.
YOUNG girl, assist. with work,. help take care
children: sleep home; $15.* 1410 Buchanan
¦ St.. near OTarrell. -' ¦¦¦.-..
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 2027 Vallejo st., between La-
guna and Buchanan.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers, ventilators,
an apprentice . and experienced salesgirl. . 40
Geary st. • - &VS T?
APPRENTICE In millinery store' at 692 Mc-
Allister st. ; flrst-class teaching.
WANTED — Girl for plain cooking and gen-
eral housework; small . family. 1519 Grove.
AMATEUR performers wanted. Apply at
.. Chutes at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED^ — First-class waist trimmers; per-
-. manent position. COX. 1514 Pine st.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1134 Turk St.
WANTED — First-class' millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a. m.
A GMt_AN woman as governess; state re-
ligion; salary $30. Box 2994, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for,Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established - at 1096
Valencia st. " '¦ •
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
..OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
. Farmer and wife, $2 50 fare.. $45 and found
Farmer and wife, orchard. 1 . ..$40 and s found
5 pruners. orchard and vineyard. .$30 and fd
2 Italian vineyard bands; 10 farm hands and
-teamsters ....."..... ..$25 and $30
Blacksmith, city; 2 machinists.;.
Man to help on wagon..... ...$20 and found
Woodchoppers '........
... . Picket, Post and Tie Makers :..
150 woodchoppers. different places, stove and
cord -wood, 75c to $2 50 cord ; 25 tlemakers.
virgin timber, cheap fare; 5 men to make
pickets and posts, $1 fare; 25 men to learn
to make ties
- ............ Hotel Department
Baker, country shop, $50 and found, see boss
here 8:45 a. m. to-day; butcher, country, $30
and found; night cook. $16 week ; elevator
boy, $10 and found; cook and helper, country
hotel, $60; 9 cooks, waiters and kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
BURLEIGH driller, $3 day; flrst-cjass garden-
. er, $35 and found; driver for milk wagon.
- $30 and found; fruit farmer and -wife, $40
*nd found; setter for mill, $60 to S75; sec-
ond setter for mill, $60; panel man, $60; car-
jj penters, $3 50 day; man for wood and coal
yard. $35 and found; foreman for sash and
¦blind factory; woodchoppers, tlemakers and
others. J. F.' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
. mento st. . i\
BUTLER, $40- night cook. $50; fry cook $50;
restaurant cook, $14 week; waiters and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st...
.Blacksmith, country shop $2 50 a day
Farmer and wife for orchard. ........... .$35
j Baker, country shop. $50
4-horse teamster, city. .$35 to $40
2 milk wagon drivers... $30 and found
Experienced redwood tie makers..:.....^....
Gardener, private place, country.. ... ....$25
AN old man who understands hunting; light
..work: good home; $20. MRS. M. E. DAY
: & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED — An experienced salesman to - take
.': charge of lace and trimming department; 6
"o'clock -house. Address R. M. & CO., box
i 8500. Call office. . . ,,-... ..'.;,.
WANTED— Boy to run electric elevator; refer-
- ences ' required. * Address ; L. ¦ C, box 3541,
¦ Call office.
WANTED — Young < man as entry - clerk in
..wholesale dry goods house. Address ,wlth
references,' L. C, box 3540, Call office. -
WANTED — Strong boy, fair ¦ education and
good address; familiar with city; permanent
. ' position. Address, . etc., box . 1514, • Call.
"GENTLEMAN .of indomitable energy and push;
..'.good opportunity . to right man. F. PERSON,
' room 412, Parrott building. . _a,;
WANTED — Reliable young : man with • $175
•J cash; $15 week; steady place; no experience.
- If you have the cash apply BROWN & CO..
; 1221 Market st. ;;. •,-; • -i i
BIG snap — Fine opening for man and wife with
. $190;- restaurant; -receipts $10 day; ; ¦ living
". rooms. .. BROWN, 1221 Market St.
FOR sale— 3-chair shop; best in Western Ad-
: dltion ; ,' also one - furnished ' room ; \ good rea-
' sons for selling. Call 1344 Turk st. .¦.;' -'.
CASHBOYS wanted. S. N. WOODS & CO.,
-718 .Market st. \ ; • - . , k
WANTED — Compositors for straight matter."
.Apply SANBORN. -VAIL &CO., 745 Market.
WANTED— A good waiter at -¦ 1201 Flllmore
st.', corner .Turk. : " -. »¦. ;, .';- y : : - ¦..'.¦" ' !-¦
BOY. for - picture ; store. JONES & CO., 704
.; Larkin St., near. Ellis.- .*/•.-<,"..;;•.¦_-. '.'¦•':¦,-...".
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
'. shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 \ Third st. - .
MEN .- to learn ¦ barber trade ; barbers :¦ In - de-
.; mand ;, only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
: catalogue free. , MOLER'S BARBER COL-
~ LEGE; v 635 Clay st. v.
WANTED^ — Experienced ¦ domestic, salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. .
WANTED — Cash boy, - between thirteen and
fifteen years of age. Apply at HALE BROS'.
BARBER desires to buy barber shop with or-
wlthout baths. t Box 3547. Call office.-. v j -. r ?.
i BARBERS — $150 will buy a good-paying shop.
I Address box 8549. Call office, - ¦- LJL _Z^
_P»__5_^_*fl IB g^^M^rff*___MB%^'>^r^y*5_ v w " ¦ "~* '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER,: flrst-class; fitting and.trlm-
ES mlng | perfection; * experienced in . best ' work;
¦ costumes; remodeled; latest' styles. Address
J. P.. 1110 Larkin st. .
CAPABLE : young woman 'wants ¦ to work by.
day; laundress) or office or window cleaning;
reference.. Address Laundress, Call' Branch,
300 Hayes st: . '„,; '¦.... ;;',"¦' .. - . ' ¦
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do ¦ light
houseworks - Apply No. - 4i Sunny ." court, off
• Geary st, between Webster and Buchanan. - i-
RELIABLE experienced German girl wishes
* position as Infant's nurse. "Apply 638 Minna
"¦¦¦ st.,: near Eighth. - - ' '
WANTED — Employment of any kind at once.
'. Call or address The Oaks, 119. Third St.; room
130. , ,,-¦, - ¦•¦ / .. .; ¦¦. - -¦.>¦¦- .
STEADY young woman wishes light house-
. .work; neat . and reliable; wages reasonable;
« references; no postals. Call . 770 Folsom st.
WANTED — Position as > secretary or compan-
ion to lady by widow of physician; town. or
.country; highest references. Box 3496. Call.
RELIABLE dressmaker and ladles' tailor de-
sires sewing by. the day, city or country; best
. ' references. , Address 216 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A -position' as managing • house-
keeper by a woman; has one child. Box
3495. Call office. . - ¦ ,
CAPABLE woman wants a place as . house-
s-keeper where she will- have full charge; city
or country. Address box 2394, Call, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position,
preferably In Mission. Box 3401, Call office,
TWO respectable young ladles (sisters), who
wish to take a course through business col- j
lege, will exchange light housework In the
. . morning ¦ or sewing (fine musicians) In ex-
¦ change for. board and room; 'best of refer-
. ences exchanged. Box. 3535 Call.. .
YOUNG girl . wishes second work and sewing
.In Catholic family; will care for 2 children;
references. 1640 Hyde st. . •
YOUNG German lady with a child wishes a
position for general • housework, city ;. or
country. * Apply at 621 Commercial ; st.
WANTED — By ¦ a good, trustworthy - young
woman, position as child's nurse; best of ref-"
erences. Call or address 236B Ninth st.
WANTED — A ¦. resDectable, . elderly woman
would like one or two offices to clean. Ad-
dross MRS. SANBURN. 1332 -Folsom st.
WOMAN .wants work by the day, washing or
: house-cleaning. 14 Hayes st.", near Larkin. .
POSITION wanted by young lady as lady's
maid; good plain sewer. Add, box 3524. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, '2200 Fillmore.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
-. EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
! NURSE with good hospitaj and physicians',
•references; obliging and satisfaction always
given. F. M. JONES, residence 206 Van
Ness ave.; tel. South 857. ¦ . - ."
CHEF cook wishes position; city or country;
steady and^reliablo; best of references froi.i
"first-class houses. Box 3565, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as private gardener; ex-
perienced; 'best of references. -860 Union st,
Oakland^ , . - .
SITUATION wanted by a colored man; Janitor,
window washer, porter, dishwasher or scrub
man. Address J. CARR, 247 Stevenson .st.
WANTED— Situation as stationary engineer by
sober reliable man. Address box 3564, Call.
BARKEEPER would like to secure position;
city or country; reference. Box 3566. Call.
BUTCHER wants situation; city or country;
good reference. Address box 3542, Call.
WANTED— Position by experienced cook. Ad-
dress box 3532, Call office.
WANTED— Position as dishwasher. Address
box 3332. Call office. . .
CHEF cook wants position (at present work-
ing at a club) on br after Feb. 1 ; good ref-
. erences at personal interview; German cafe
or country hotel preferred. Box 3537. Call.
EX-SOLDIER wants any kind of honest work;
prefers < work - at plumbing under instruc-
tions; can wipe joints good. Address box
3536, Call office.
YOUNG butcher, German, 24, wishes position
to work in shop; also- pood sausagemaker;
either city or country. Box 3545, Call office.
RESPECTABLE man, experien6ed Janitor,
wants any kind of work around house or
store for small compensation. Box 3539, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position as cigar drum-
mer: has city and country trade; none but a
first-class house need answer. Box 8538, Call.
YOUNG man ' wishes work in evenings; good
hustler: can do bookkeeping. GEO. MOR-
GENSTERN, 213% Mason st. •
ENGINEER and electrician; can make all re-
pairs and do all wiring pipe fitting. Box
3533, Call.
RELIABLE man wishes position, care of In-
valid or sick person; gives electric massage.
A. ANTHONY. 1318 7th ave.., East Oakland.
THREE competent men want work at clearing
land or ditching. Box 3546, Call office.,.
MIDDLE-AGED single man, about private
place; can milk; cow; good gardener; clean
windows: low wages; best references. Box
3512. Call office. ..'•'....•¦
•EXPERIENCED cigar clerk who can command
a large trade wishes a position with reliable
stand. Box 3511, Call office.
EXPERIENCED man wants position as fore-
man on stock range or farm; city referneces.
Address box 3527, Call office. .
BAKER, good second hand, wants position In
country. Baker, 246 Third st. -• • , .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
..received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia at. * ' -¦¦--.-
~~~ FINANCIAL. ""—¦—
COMPANIES. Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
¦ teed and financed; stock taken, in payment
for services ; good propositions wanted ; gold
> bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 32C Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices -in operation; new method cf
placing stocks and bonds ; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
_ FLATS -TCrLET. ¦ _ _
A — SIXTH ave. and Fulton st., facing Golden
v Gate Park; brand new; modern; 6 rms., bath.
2 MODERN flats, 6 and 6 rooms; bath; store-
room. ' 26 Elgin" Park. •
NEW upper sunny modern flat, ; 5 rooms and
1 . bath. 069 Golden Gate ave. ; no children.
GEARY. 1131, -bet. Van Ness and Franklin —
. Modern lower flat 7 rms. & bath; rent $32 50.
.FURNISHED FLAT WANTED.
FURNISHED flat wanted by young married
- ; couple ; no children ; ' a neatly t furnished I flat
of 5 or 6 rooms; location north of O'Farrell
" and east of Devisadero; must be scrupulously
••' clean and 'contain modern improvements;
state rent. Address box 2884, Call office. >
' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
. , range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
~~ FURNITURE WANTED. ¦.'¦'-.
,^,-n'; - — - . . . - - ¦ -* ¦ ' , ',,,,..
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mlsslon.st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 13S1.
'gloves. .
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the wovid;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED*— FEMALE. ¦.-• O
AT^C^rT^HANSEN & CO 'S— Phone Grant 185
.•...;¦..¦..".¦..; Hotel Department '.....;...-
* 2 waitresses, ; flrst-class ¦ place, : country^ fare
paid. . j . : ... . ..... . ....¦; .$25
2 waitresses, short distance. . ........... . .$20
Waitress, mining town, arm ¦ work. $20
20 waitresses, city and country.. :..:.$20-$25
-. . Fancy ironer, country hotel ............. $30
• Cooks, country.'. .v .'.'• ';'. .:.".'."; ;..'. . .. .$30
; . . .... Family Department ,. ....;......
Cooks and second girls, same houses $45
10 choice places, house girls, city.. ;..$25-$30
.< Nurse girls, '.second girls, others. '^ ¦ . ; ;:-.:
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. . ... ... .104 Geary st.
A WOMAN for cleaning; steady place; no Sun-
day, work; $1 50 day. > C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
¦J: 104 Geary : st.v< '¦•-; rr ;; "¦":" ;•¦!•' *\. .-':,:.*' "* ; ".. -"
WANTED— Experienced | art «. goods • saleslady.
'-• Apply i between 8 1 and 11 • a. .:; m. ./ at -. HALE
•¦/'BROS'.. ' i-^-Ay,.:-. ¦¦ v v. ,.^. : -¦-,-¦ -. ¦.,•-,, -. ..-n-'-.-. '
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer. .: Ap-
ply at HALE BROS'., between 8 and 11 a; nu
WANTED — Compositors for , straight 1 matter."
.;.- Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741-745 Mar-
L'iket st.: '"..'¦,.•¦...•¦.¦; ¦,¦•;. ., ¦;.--., /c 'iOv •'."-.- r.'-.-'i-v
; WANTED— An' experienced saleslady ' for cloak
' -"-; and ¦ suit , ; department ; ' 6 ' o'clock - house." " Ad-
i M.- F. & CO.,. box 3499. Call office/ Y
.WANTED— -A' German | girl, i second work I and
V take care of child from l'fb 3. '2428 Jackson
street. ¦ ¦ ¦ -— ' - :"?X8tt&S&f*:*j?£&
! GERMAN ; girl for ' upstairs work and '. assist
;: with baby. ;-. 2520 Green -sC near Scott. ¦; :.C.
WAITRESS wanted— Central T Restaurant, . 1191
- Market st- /"¦"^-T-'.«'."--.-;*.'. 1 -' "..'¦>¦"¦¦*¦¦; .'.<¦: ¦'¦ - \
MISCELLAIS—OUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. _c-
. INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-10T Fremont gt.
TEN gas engines, 2 to 30 H. P.; fine condition;
woodworking machinery, electric motors,
some shopworn lathes, steam and power
pumps. BURTON. 44-46 Main St.. S. F.
A— BUYS*, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
eta. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. -
FOR sale — Good fresh cow; also family cow.
216 Hearst ave., Sunnyside; telephone Church
423. ; ¦
WALLPAPER 3c, worth' 10c; paperhangiug.
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.; tel.
Jackson 1321. • - '
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap: also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 816-520 Mission st. . .
GENT'S -black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st.. upstairs.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery >t.
CENTIFUGAL lau/idry wrlnjrer, for hand or
power: almost new. 322 Davis st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried tn stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR sale — New full dress suit; 38 breast. 248
Sutter st, room 17.
LARGE, modern fire proof safe cheap at 47
Clay st.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1813". worth $250. only
- ° $90. Portland Loan Office. S3 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50k Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ¦
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SAFES— New aad second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap; 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAS TS.
WILL pay cash and good prices tor old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hanft clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; ML Jessie 2831.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
»_ M OXEY TOLOAX '
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building'.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
: ...... on first and second motftxagea ......
t......... Life Interests In est\tes .........
....... Property being held la *rust .......
.....Undivided Interests in re*) estats .....
/..Life insurance policies, estate In probate..
..Financial problems of all sora and sixes. «
If You Need Money «
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 gx iminer big.
JU- MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (fie).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sa&s to suit)
City, Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortgages, life lnsurar^e and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5C2*. MAS-
MATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crotker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages...- «
Undivided Interest in real estate in pit bate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no daisy....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
. R McCOLGAN
¦ 24 Montgomery st., room 3.........
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing an-1 mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16L
1st floor. Chronicle bids. GEORGE E. O_3_M.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture, piano
. or household goods, without removal ; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st., op-
posite Lick House. - * -
___
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. sear
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84d
Market St.: Jel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 3471.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvata
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
On real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, _ on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HI_U r. 44, Merchants' Exch.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$100O; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note -with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $13 up; no r*-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. g Eddy.
$10 uz> on furniture, pianos; no com.; prtvata
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; na
commls.; confldentjal. Whlteheaa. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no- removal:
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister St.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without Indorser;- other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bis.
LOANS money on salary;. no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bldg.
aiPSlCA_ INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
. both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stein way dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
EOHMER <fc CO. Pianos. ""
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos ' "i. ¦*".'...• •
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos. . «\
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
- . BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS— -
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SONv 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited if purchased:
Installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos: bargains $25 up in Steinways. Heine.
' Chickering. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others." HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st. . -
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $85; six-octavs
Mason & Hamlin organ, $35; Steinway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275; Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS S*
SON, 23 Fltjh St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tirns
within 2 years and lull purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1S5O.
WE -have pianos to show you during the spe-
cial sale of this month that will cost you
very little In comparison with their real
.'. value: It is money In your pocket to take ad-
vantage of this offer. THE ZENO MAC-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. .760 Market st.
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at 933 Market St.; second-hand
pianos. $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
A— PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
' rent. . store or sell ; no reasonable cash offer
refused. • 217 Geary st.. room 36.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
BIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of, storage pianos: dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano -House. 1729 MIssp.
NEW piano sold at sacrifice; taken for debt.
Apply 108 Oak St. -
-100 NEW pianos $3 a month ; money allowed on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at.
PIANO. . pianola . and music -left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. . 217 Geary at.
PRIVATE -party will sacrifice account death
Inni1inin« naw. 3-De.d— L iuu__t slang* 2l>3 lei T t V
BUSINESS . CHANCES.' .
A^-$i3obTBAKERY, on leading business street
in Western Addition; established • 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
about 2^. barrels per day. Call R. ,G.
¦ WILKE, 20*4 Kearny st. v . ' , --
A — $000; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $1000; CANDY store on Mission St.; rent
$1£; place establ. years and doing a good pay-
Ing- business; value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKB. 26% Kearny st. . ;\
A — $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house In
Portland, Or.; rent ?25; lease; low expenses
and first-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner In office
of R. G. WILKE, 2614 Kearny st.
A — $1000; HAY. grain wood and coal yard on
Mission st.; rent $40; estab. 20 years; other
. business compels owner to sacrifice; a' good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 6 days' trial given.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
good paying business; low rent; location can't
be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
.A — $600; COFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; flrst-class paying; located
close to Chronicle .building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years'
lease; established years; located- on Mont-
gomery Et. ; good business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. ' •
A— $350; CANDY stand on Sixth St.. close to
Market; rent $50: good business; owner other-
wise engaged. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
HEALY & CARR, rnone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores . ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan ot. any of the above. .
$900 — ART store; 3 living-rooms; all furnished;
a fine business for man and wife or 2 ladies;
central. HEALY & .CARR, 6 Eddy st.
$225 — STATIONERY, notion and candy .store;
fixtures, showcases: stock invoice $500; liv-
ing rooms; the place for man and wife.
ETENBERG CO.. 759 Market st.
$250t-PARTNER wanted: suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary St., room 4.
A— $300; SALOON: established years; doing
good-paying business; value in sight: 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $25; other business. 88 Third.
J. H. ST ANTON, real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
BUSINESS men! — If you want quick sale list
your business for sale by McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st - . -.
BEFORE buying or selling your lodging-house
call on H. C. DECKER, the old reliable
agent, at 1020 Market st.; phone Mint 796.
$400— A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
A RARE business chance — For sale — A cafe
and restaurant: good paying business, with
elegantly furnished apartments, etc; located
In tenderloin district. For particulars ad-
dress R. A., box 3494. Call office. _^
ACTIVE man with $2500 can secure half inter-
est, have full charge of fine exclusive busi-
ness: principals only; refces. Box 3563. Call.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER, 921. Market st.
$500 — SALOON; corner location; fine stock.
Box S550. Call office. - . ' ¦ .
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N..S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton street.
HOME kitchen and bakery doing a comfortable
business can be secured at reasonable price if
taken immediately. 417 O'Farrell st.; rent
$17 50. ¦ ¦ .
$250 — MAN or lady partner to take cash
and assist; -will clear over $50 month,
with board: no experience required. Call
605 Clay. St., 11 to 2.
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; best
location. For particulars, P. O. box 151,
Oakland. .
$650^ — FOR sale, good-paying restaurant. Ap-
ply at 195 Tenth st.
$350— RESTAURANT for sale; good place for
man and wife. Box 3529. Call office. . -
RESTAURANT — Place man and wife or cook
and waiter; good business. Box 2814, Call.
$200— SHOOTING gallery. Inquire 443 Dupont
street. \
$600 — FOR sale: the Palace Restaurant. Val-
lejj. Cal.; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY]
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 281.
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. 600
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer 1650
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2200
20 rooms, snap, see It 850
38 rooms, central, clears $200 3200
30 rooms, cheap rent, money maker. . . . 1600
21 rooms, finely furnished, ' best location. 2700
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50 900
9 rooms, rent $32. good furniture 450
17 rooms, rent $60. good payer 900
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner 350
SPLENDID opportunity for a lady with a few
hundred dollars to manage rooming-house in
good location. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. S50 Market st. . -
60 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
see it DONALD INVESTMENT CO 850
Market st. ¦ - . ,
A — . v Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION' GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms, l-2[
Money to loan on lodg-
Ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
115 r. ; new building; clears $317 month.. $6000
34 r. ; part offices; fine carpets; oak
furniture: 2 floors; clears $109 mo.. 2200
22 r. ; dears $102 per month above all
expenses;' 8 blocks N. of Market;
elegant; flrst-class roomers.
12 r.; good furniture; rent $33; clears $40. 400
7 r.; rent $10; nice; easy installments. 300
WINSTON & WOLF. ¦. ~~
Reliable Brokers .'.1026 Market St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
100 rooms; brand new and modern building.
62. rooms; rent $150; fine location. $3500
63 rooms; workman's hotel; new and
* modern building; corner; rent $125;
price ....; 1000
39 rooms; offices; cheap rent; part cash. 2000
_29 rooms; rent *75; offices; see it 1400
26 rooms; rent $90; part cash ..2000
COO other houses to select from.
Call, we have the bargains.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE. ~
Call on Us ....:...
Any house sold on payments
Call and Get Our Large List
We have houses in all parts of city
A. H. RETSLOFF, Phone John 531, .-
. 906 Market st., cor. Ellis, room 12.
WE have 75 lodging-houses for sale from $300
to $6000: some very bargains; if you have
lodging-houses for sale list them with us: we
sell quick, and good prices. McBRIDE &
CO.. 765 Market st. ,
BUYERS. If you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or If you want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, - call on M . E
RIVES. 916 Market St.. rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market..
ROOMING house for sale. $225; must be sold;
cause, death; 17 rooms. 28% Clay st.
NINE-ROOM lodging-house for sale cheap:' Ap.
ply after 2 p. m., at 251% Stevenson st ,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages, tn wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
CARPET. BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating 'Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald.. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM& CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices,
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
Golden Gate ave. ; .telephone East 126.':
J. • E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission ¦ 74.
" „ ¦ ', C ,?- I^y' CT .'? y _ OFKICES. ¦
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.-..
; GEORGE W... KELLY'S Agency — No ? charge
I . unless successful. Room 810. 027 Market st.
I j COTTAGEf TO LET. '¦; -
< LOMBARD. 1643— Rent $16, cottage of 5 rooms
I and bath;, no children; reference. '•: -->¦ •
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30.p.'m. ¦
SCO Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
«B» McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
entil 9 p. m.
JOS Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m. ,
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9p.ni.
MEETIXQ NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yuerba Buena a&t
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and ~^r
A. Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will f\
be held in Commandery Hall. Masonio Jgfa.
Temple, on THURSDAY EraMf-GjKftT
''January 23. 1902. at 8 o'clock. Degree 13.
_^____.'3 > 1 &S_:
A SPECIAL meeting of San ««•«. •
Francisco Consistory No. 1. A. _kV*1/5L_^
and A. Scottish Rite of Free- £3h5?33KE|
masonry, will be held in Com- fgy*»&??^M
mandery Hall. Masonic Tern- «T WfS .^B3
pie, on THURSDAY EVEN- tfV-^*!^!
ING. January 23, 1902. at 7:45 .^57$gik^
o'clock, to arrange for annual v^^Jp/
meeting of stockholders of Scot-
t_ Rite Tgg&^gggtt^ Secreu _
*g£_ SS_f T__>%% D AY> A
EVENING. 7:50 o'clock. P. M. and «X
U. g. M. *»^ I g.«g_fcff gP
cA _f^sr _i-__ •• <_V
EVENING. January 23, at . :30 7&X
o'clock. Third degree. By order of /? >
the Master.
FRANK IJN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 12a F. and A. •
M. — Bpeoial meeting THIS (THURS- _J\-
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TEST
Flrrt degree. Masons cordially in- I V l
vited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. m
F. and A. M., meets THIS (THURS- to^ -
DAY) EVENING at 7 :30i o'clock torJtLjZ
third degree. Master _ae<ft_ cordially * V '
Invited. By order of the Master.
B. C. HARE. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. m
M. Officers and members are hereby
noticed to attend the fun«ral of our TLjK
deceased brother EUGENE CHARLES/ V^
ROBINSON from the Masonic Temple. Post
aad Montgomery streets, TO-DAY (Thurs-
day, at 2 o'clock p. m. By order of the
WT M. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — ¦
A lodge of Instruction will be held^\^
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at /KJ\
7:30 o'clock. By order of the Master. / ? »
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, L 6. < s_sagJ*^
O. F. — Meeting THURSDAY S_5£8s£_
EVENING, January 23, 1902.
Entertainment of a nature never
before offered the Odd Fellows of California.
Full attendance requested, both members and
visitors.
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. G.
W. W. CROSS, Reo. Sec _
MORSE Lodge. No. 257, I. O. O. .S_£8J_Ck,
F. The officers and members of -sStZSSb:
this lodge are hereby notified to
assemble at the hall on THURS-
DAT. January 23, at 1:30 p. m. sharp, to
attend the funeral of our deceased brother,
H. W. Cordes, P. G.
J. M. C, RIDDLE, N. G.
C. BRIND. Recording Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 61, K. of P., will a»
confer the Knight rank, long form. _ jEk :
upon one Esquire. THURSDAY «S6»E>
EVE. All Knights are cordially in- —¦—3^
vited to attend. . S. W. GATES,
K. of R. and S.
TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT! v CTn^
"Bums Anniversary, the social treat ijv QJ;
of the season — Clan Fraser Xo. 78, "VOwxis
Order of Scottish Clans, wil cele-
brate the anniversary of ROBERT
BURNS by a grand Scotch concert and
dance. Some of Bums' choicest poems will
be illustrated by several characteristic tab-
leaux. Oration, "Robert Burns," by Rev.
William Rader. The committee in charge
has spared no expense in procuring the best
vocal talent for the event. THURSDAY
EVENING. January 23, 1902. 8 o'clock. Odd
Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market sts. Ad-
mission 25c. . J. W. KING. Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
S. F. SCOTTISH Thistle Club meets «Tv.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at lA £% Jj
Fraternity Hall, 32 OTarrell St.. at
S o'clock. Smoker follows.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
ST. ANDREWS SOCIETY — The an- ~ «y j.
nual celebration of the birth of 5\ Smv/J
Robert Burns will be held In ""_!££*
Scottish Hall. Ill Larkin St., on <l «s9%
FRIDAY EVENING, Jan. 24. Professor
Lawson of the University of California, Berke-
ley, will deliver an address on the "Genius
of Bona"; Mr. James Smith ¦will recite, and
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard. Mies Millie Flynn. Mr.
J. C. Hughes and Mr. J. F. Veaco will sing.
Dancing to the mueic of Falrgrieve's orches-
tra will follow the programme. Concert at
8:15. Dancing at 10. Tickets 25c each. .
JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
GEORGE ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the lot owners In the Masonic ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 4. 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. m. for the election of four trustees and
such business as may legally come before
them. THEO FROLICH, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market Et.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.,- on MONDAY, the third day of
February. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a., m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and the transaction of. such other business
as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Union Trust Company of San
Frandseo -will be beld at the office of the
company lft the Union ; Trust . Company's
bwildlss. corner Post. Montgomery and Mar-
ket sts., San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY,
the 2d day of February, 1902, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
¦ board of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
' process from J. C Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsey. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon; from John Pascoe and W. H. Se-
com be. In the Chill Ravine gravel mine, near
Placervllle. El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings in Chili Ravine: from Warren T.
• Russell. In the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings In Happy Flat Creek, and from
Wentz Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room S9. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal., on February 3,
1B02. at 1:30 p. m.
A week's news'for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages, tn wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do yon want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
*nce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ARCHITECTS. "
1RCHITECTS wanted to submit plans and
specifications for high school building For
particulars address C. T. McGLASHAN "
Truckee. Cal.
ASTROLOGY. ""
HOROSCOPES— Prospects predicted, difficulties
avoided, advice in social and business af-
fairs; readings by mail. RAYMOND, 227
Taylor st. t
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
S. W. KING. atty. En miner building, room
013; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free-
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
1DVICE free: divorces a specialty;qulck:qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
kDVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
- ceesful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
1DVTCE free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
jb S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
1 WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing. <1 per yearl
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
iLLEN does the best repair work In the State-
moderate prices. 301 Larkin st. ¦ , '
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. «
BERKELEY— Good home for children; near
school; $8 up. 2127 Prince st." :
IERMAN lady would like couple of children to
board; sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD..
tOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C, Holmes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1916.NEW WESTERN HOT^L.
A L Hembree. Sacto
J Warneke, Nebraska:
M M Godman. w & ch,
¦'- Dayton,' ¦ Wash ¦¦¦
Miss J Lewis, Portld
T P.Didon."Idria .
E'L T»Coonan, Ky
J A Powell. Brentwood
D Goldy,', Portland ,: '
JC Laws. • Brentwood
J Kane,' Anaconda
E O Long, Stockton
P Murphy. , Seattle
J Shaughnessy. Sacto
C-B 1 Brown, Sacto
J Hagan. Rio Vista
W: B Mumford, Cal
J P.Lombard. Cal -
J.E Pike. Dos Palos
J C Laws, Dos Palos
L S ¦ Carruth, ¦ Fresno
HOTEL ABBJVALS.
VICTORIA. B • C— Arrived Jan 22— Br stmr
Moana, from Sydney, ' via' Honolulu;. Ger stmr
Nlcaria, , f rom . , . .
Sailed Jan : 22— Ger . stmr Nicaria. , for San
Francisco. .. .-.,/- - .
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA, B C, Jan 22— Pilot revenue' cut
ter Grant here reports finding a' sixteen-foot
ship's, boat, 'painted white, atern sheets Intact,
no name. , at entrance of Barklay Sound. Wreck
previously - reported : now ,- almost altogether
broken up two miles east of Cape Beale. -
MISCELLANEOUS.
\ -": Wednesday, January 22. :
\ Stmr ¦ Chas Nelson,' Schage, Astoria and
Portland. : . '. .
SAILED.
' ; Wednesday, . January 22.
••; Stmr Santa Ana. 'Strand, 4 days from Se
attle. ',. - ¦¦ .:••-.-.
• Schr Lena Sweasey, Hutman, 21 days from
Altata. -
Schr. W J Patterson. - Pearson, • 9 days from
Portland. ". . • " '
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— A meeting to dis
cuss the route ; of the interoceanic canal
will be held to-morrow evening at Blake
Hall, Eleventh . and . Clay streets, at 7:30
o'clock.- Former Mayor A. C. Henry, E.
M. Gibson, the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills
and others will" take part. : •¦ , • .,-
Discussion About Canal.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Because it had
been reported that women and girls were
being frightened by 'his actions, /Frank
Martin, a plumber, 25 years old, was ar
rested this afternon at First and Jackson
streets , by Policeman McKeegan. The
prisoner is a stranger in the city.
Frightens Women, and Girls.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— A violin recital
and orchestral concert will be given under
the direction of Alexander Stewart at the
First Unitarian Church Friday evening,
January 24. Mr. Stewart will be assisted
by Miss Beulah George, soprano, and "W.
B. King, : organist. A male quartet will
also render several selections.
Orchestral and Solo Eecital.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— The Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union has
elected the following: officers; President,
"Walter M. Bird; vice president, H. E.
Kelfer;- treasurer, "Wallace .Turner; re
cording secretary, Robina Jess; corre
sponding secretary, Herbert L. Breed;
Junior superintendent, M. Fraser of Gold
en Gate; assistant junior secretary, Miss
Julia Mincher. ;
Endeavorers Elect Officers.
It has been decided that Christian Science is
not the practice of medicine, and there Is no
law in this State that is being violated by
Christian Science methods.
The. health officer's communication to the
District Attorney carried with it a number of
newspaper clippings bearing upon prosecutions
of persons In other States. Error was made
to say- they referred to Christian Scientists.
One was a '"mental healer" and the other an
"astrologer," who had been charged with using
the malls for alleged fraudulent purposes.
Mrs. Schafer did her full duty in the matter
by notifying the health officer. He did not do
his duty, because he placarded the house with
out examining the case.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Frank ,W. Gale,
representing the publication committee of
the Christian Scientists, has made a state
ment In connection with Health Officer
von Adelung's queries of the District
Attorney in the matter of the death of
Marjorie Slater, a ten-year-old child, who
died from scarlet fever. The girl -was un
der treatment of Mrs. Zebuline Schaf er.
Gale said:
sition in the Case of Little Mar
jo rie Slater.
Christian Scientist Explains Sis Po-
DECLARES THE HEALTH
OFFICER WAS WRONG
. B. R. Thompson (owner) with C, P. Moore
(contractor), architects C. R. Wilson and G
A. Dodget— Carpenter, brick, iron and steel
work, stone work required In taking down old
brick front of --a - three-story and basement
building and building- new pressed brick front
wall, building in' seven new rear openings and
settiag wire glass in i skylights on lot on NE
line of. Main street, 133:4 SE of Market. Si:
183:4 by NE 137:6; $3550.
Callaghan Estate Company (owners). Metro
politan Life Insurance Company of 'New York
tenants, with F. W. Kern (contractor) archi
tect Edward R, Swain— Partitions, finishing
and polishing. . hardware, glass and cleaning
up for second-story brick, steel and iron aix
story building at junction of Market and Mc-
Allister etreets; $2566 20.
Builders' Contracts.
Delia J. F. Wood (executrix estate William
E. Brown) to George Fredericks, lot on SW
corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and H street
S 600 by W 240; $6337.
WUliam H. and Ethel W. Crocker to same
same, quitclaim deed; $1. •
Bay View Land Company (a corporation) tc
John Owen Bellls, lot 27. block 553, Bay Park
Homestead , Association ; grant.
Charles W. and Allie E. Stone to Florence
A. Kendall, lot on S line of Pine street. 112-6
E of Hyde. E 25 by- S 137:6; $6000.
Caroline, Arthur M., Solomon - A. and Eva
•I* Sharp to Harriett H. Molse (wife of Lionel
H.), lot on S line of Broadway, 87:6 E of
Larkln, E 50 by S 137:6; -$10.
James H. McHugh to 'Katie McHugh lot
on NW corner of Seventeenth (Marlposa) street
and Pennsylvania avenue, W 25 by N' 10O-
James Otis to Maurice V. Samuels undi
vided 7-9 of lot / on NW corner Sansome and
Greenwich streets, W 91:8 by N 69:9- $366<> -
Alice M. E. Wilmot, Eva, Charles F. and
Edmund E. Scott to same, undivided two
ninths interest in same; $12,833.
George C. and Phebe J. Thompson to Harriet
A. Jones, lot on N line of Filbert street. 20 W
of Mason. W 20 by N 85; gift.
Same to Sarah C. Moore, lot on NW corner
of Mason and Filbert streets. N 85 by W 20 •
gift. 1 .'' -
Patrick J. and Mary A. Mclnerney to Hugh
R McKernan, lot on W'line Potrero avenue.
84:6 N of Twenty-flrst, N 25 by W 100; $10.
William H.. Grace M.. Samuel A., William
H. Jr., and George S. Crlm and as trustee to
Adelaide D. Llndauer (wire of E. B. Llndauer)
and Gustave H. Llndauer, lot on SW corner
Twenty-second and Bryant streets, W 50 by S
100; $3500.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Edward E.
M. Hibbert, lot on NE corner Eighteenth and
Hartford streets, N 100 by E 25; $10.
Same to Joseph E. and Mamie F. Swift,
lot on N line Eighteenth street, 25 W of Noe
W 25 by N 100; $10.
K. G; Thomas to F. Q. Thomas (wife) lot on
N line Nineteenth street, 230 E of Noe. E 30
by N 114; gift.
Katie Fleischer to Charles Fleischer, lot on
SE line Bernice street, 80 SW of Twelfth,
SW 40:9%, SE 75, NE 39:5%, NW 75; $10.
Hobart Estate Company (corporation) to
Joseph Meyer, lot on E line Mission street,
1S5 S of Fifteenth, S 50 by E 122:6; $15,750.
City and County of San Francisco to John
I. Peterson, lot on N line Point Lobos avenue
88:9 W of Wood street, W 51 by N 81:3; — .
George- E. Tooker to Carrie H. Edwards, lot
on W line Ashbury street, 207:3 S of Waller,
S 25 by W 111:3; $10.
John Coop and James W. Smith to Sidney
L. M. Starr, lot ! on W line Belvedere street.
35 N of Frederick, N 50 by W 75; $10.
Sheffield B. and Frances B. Sanborn (Bald
win) to "William B. Craie, lot on N line Fil
bert street, 30 E of Devlsadero, E 27:6 by
N 137:6; $i0.
Rosalie Hackmeier to E. M. Galvln. un
divided % of lot on S line Chestnut street,
110 W of Buchanan, W 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Juliet J. Mezea and Cornelia J. Pringle to
Covlngton Johnson, lot on N"W corner Rose
avenue and Octavla street, N 60 by W 87:6;
$10.
Baker & Hamilton (corporation) to Edward
IX Van Praasr and Kate J. Meehan, lot on N
line Green street, 214:10 E of Octavla, W
25:10, N 137:«, E 26:11, S 138; $10.
• Jane S. McQultty to Bessie P. Hutchlngs
(wife of P. J. Hutchlngs), lot on N line Union
street, 124.41 E of Franklin, E 25. N 117.329,
W 25. S 117.329; $10.
Michael and Brldeet McGreevey or McGrea
vey to Edward W. Putnam, lot on "W line
Larkln street, 60 S of Filbert, S 60 by W 137:6,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of Catharine Burke (by Annie Peter
son, administratrix) to same, same; #2900.
Annie Peterson to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS-
In making the new move Dr. Baker said:
"We believe that the religious education
of our children should be made as much
of as the secular. It is almost impossible
to make it so without securing a trained
educator. Volunteer teachers are willing,
but that does not necessarily make them
competent. For someitime we have felt
that our Sunday school should be built
up, that is, made a more important factor
in church life than it is, and to that end
wo have secured Bingham.' s- services."
Bingham will, for the present, be with
the work on Saturdays and Sundays. His
home is in San Jose.
• OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Earl S. Bingham*
secretary or the California Sunday School
Association, has been chosen as supervis
ing superintendent of the First Presby
terian Church Sunday School, pending the
selection of a permanent salaried head of
that department of church, activity. The
move is in line with that recently taken
by the First Congregational Church,
which secured a salaried superintendent
of Sunday school work in the person of
State Superintendent Halliday of Maine.*
The committee in charge of the -First
Pr.esbyterian Church school is composed
of the pastor, the Rev, Ernest E. Baker,
D. Edward Collins, T. C. Bee and W. F.
Curtis.
Salaried Superintendent Is to
.Be Installed.
The Eev. E..E. Baker Tells Wly a
NEEDS TRAINED MAN AT
HEAD OF STTNDAY-SCHOOI,
Chancellor von Bulow, ' rising, -said \ he
wished it to be understood that his pre
vious reference to perfect recjprocity and
mutual appreciation referred not only to
the United States, but equally to the other
countries of the world.-
• The Chancellor's statement was greeted
with prolonged cheers from all parts of
the house. Dr. Oertel, Conservative, said
the Right attached as much Importance
to the maintenance of good relations with
the United States as the Left, but these
relations would not be maintained by
means of economic- concessions. The
closer these relations the more attention
should be paid to the preservation of re
ciprocity.
I express my thanks to Dr. Barth for the
"words and manner in which he has spoken of
our relations with the United States. I still
must , ask him not to overestimate the diffi
culties from the way in which we formulate
our tariff policy. I can only repeat what I
said three years ago In the Reichstag, and I
believe the views I then set forth in detail will
to-day meet with the concurrence of the House
— namely, that we are filled with an earnest
desire to maintain, on the basis of perfect reci
procity and mutual appreciation, the tradi
tional cood relations which have always ex
isted between ourselves and the United States.
The visit of Prince Henry to America is an
expression of these srood relations, and I am
convinced his reception will be in accord with
the friendly feeling the two great nations have
for one another. ¦ .'
I want to touch upon the political relations
¦between Germany and the United States,
which are traditionally friendly in character.
One hindrance to the promotion of this friend
ship, is the protectionism now prevailing in
Germany. It is pleasant, on the other hand,
to see that the predicted visit of a German
Prince i to the United States has disclosed the
existence of a large fund of good will and
cordiality among the American people for Ger
many. We recognize in the Union not merely
a great and economically effective community,
but . we know that the achievements of the
United States in other fields, such a3 civiliza
tion and culture, are very Important. The
cultivation of the friendship, of the two coun
tries is a thing to be grateful for. (Applause.)
Replying to Dr. Barth Count von Bulow
said:
.^BERLIN, Jan. 22.— During the debate on
iiha estimates of the Chancellor's Depart
ment in the - Reichstag to-day the Im
perial Chancellpr, Count von Bulow, re
ferred to the pleasant relations between
Germany and the United States and to
the approaching visit of Prince Henry of
Prussia. The Chancellor found his op
portunity in the remarks of Dr. Barth,
leader of the Frelsinnlge party, who, in
discussing the budget, said:
tions With American
.. - Republic.
Chancellor Speaks of Rela-
Praise for the United
States Sounded in
Reichstag.
GERMAN'S LAUD
UNCLE SAM
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, JANUARY 23, 1902.
11
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
, 1IERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY (2000 — Fine, well built house of 0 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot.
- on the sunny side of street: street work all
done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH J. MA-
SON, real estate. Berkeley station.
$2000 — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern:
one block from station: lot 50x110: terms to
suit; interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SNTDER. 467 Ninth St..
cr branch office. Adeline station. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
AN unnarelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 6treet cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F.; rent $35 a month; prlca
$4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building.
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultv^le Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
1 4;J0O— A BRAND-NEW HOUSE.
Location 20th and Webster sts.; lot 43 feet
! frontage; house of -7 rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest In every de- |
tail and finish; this property originally "be-
longed to an estate and It now must be sold;
only a few blocks from 14th and Broadway
local trains and business centers; this prop-
erty can be rented for $45 per month; house
a good investment if purchaser did not wish
to occupy It.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2000 — SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new 6- room house; note — (lot 50x140);
sunny exposure; street work all complete; in
tlrst-class condition; near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and our
instructions are to sell without reserve to
the highest and best bidder; terms only $500
cash, balance can remain on mortgage; pur-
chaser can pay cash if so desired.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
fSGOO— STRICTLY UP-TO-DATE COZY HOME.
Reception hall, front and back parlor, din-
ing-room and kitchen below, 3 fine bed-
rooms, closets and bathroom above; all fin-
ished In light hard wood, hall in white cedar:
front and back porch, 2 toilets, laundry and
cemented basement; nice lawn and flowers
front and rear; situate prominent 40-foot
corner, close In; bargain; will be sold this
week; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
?2S50— MODERN COTTAGE ON GROVE ST.
7 rooms and bath; laundry and cemented
basement; all In fire condition; sunny side
of Etreet; fine neighborhood: lot 40x116.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$150 CASH. $6 monthly— Cottage of 3 rooms,
hard finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine
home for a small family or bachelor, where
peace and . quiet reign; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town hall; 100 fam-
ilies located wifhln 2 years; soil, climate and
view the very beet; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings ; adjoining East Oakland;
price In all $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call cr send for circular. 455
Seventh st, opp. Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
J1OOO — BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot- water boiler;
Eunny side, close to San Pablo ave.; st»eet
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for
quick sale box 2378. Call office. Oakland.
S. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st. -
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
. vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot: lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come with 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
O.VKLAM) FCUMTURE FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The, 1773 Market — 2 housekeeping
rooms, gas range. |12; single. $7.' - -» .
BIRCH ave., 615 — 3 rooms for housekeeping,
unfurnished; rent $7. Inquire 642 Grove st.
CLARA, 152 — 5 rooms, unfurnished, for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping. 2 beds.
$14; 3. $20; 2 beds, bath, also single. $4 to $5.
GOUGH, 115 — Sunny, handsome modern rooms;
gas; bath; phone; $8. $13 and $20.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny completely furnished
connecting rooms; running water; also bay-
window suite.
HYDE, 412 — Newly furnished sunny front
basement suite; yard; laundry; gas; $20.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521 — 2 large rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for housekeeping;
rettt low.
MASON, 310 — 2 nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms and bath.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rooms, range, sink. $12; 2
basement ¦ rooms, $9; front room. $6; back
room, $7; all furnished for housekeeping.
SECOND, 212 — Hskpg rms.; clean; respectable;
Howard cars near; no children; reasonable.
SILVER. 165. near Fourth — 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. ¦ (
TEHAMA. 22 — Two large housekeeping rooms.
THREE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
ing. 58 Erie St.. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth. Howard and Mission.
VAN NESS ave., 934 — 2 newly furn. large con-
necting rooms and kitchen; phone: reasble.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an- i-ubscriptioni
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET Farm, and Ilnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAlirster— New,^elegant.'
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsbed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — EleganUy
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 1128 (Jefferson square) — Handsomely
furnished rooms; home privileges.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozatt) — Nicely furnished rooms
35c. $1 50 night; $1 50, $0 wk. ; open all night.
ELLIS, 41S (The Plerpont) — Beautifully fur-
nlshed rooms,- single or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths.'
FOLSOM. S34 — Sunny furnished room, with
closet; single or double.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GALT House, 1206 Market «t. — Furnished
rooms by day, week or month.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single: elevat.
HAYES, 671 — Nice front room, with or without
board; private family; terms reasonable.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Fur-
¦ nlshed room, $4 per month.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Office - or sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome eultes;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
OTARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. week. mo.
aFARRELL, 326— EleganUy furnished sunny
parlor suite and other rooms, with all mod-
ern conveniences. - , %
POWELL, 128 and 130 — Has changed hands;
- nicely furnished sunny rooms; also single.
hcsYAL House, 12C Ellis — Incandescent light
i fading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week, $2
to JS; month, f.s to $30; elevator ju ground
j f.ooi ; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
FOLK. 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
. i.<jiiiH. cheap «tnd clean, at the Ivanhoe.
fci: HUMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth it.,
rear Market — Furnished cr unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT ar.-Jall modern conveniences at
. Hcte: St. Denis. 24 Turk st. ;
TURK, C43 — Large front room; grate, gas and
'bath; light housekpg if desired; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reetived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A ' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
r nbscriptions has been established at 1091
nOOMS _ AXD BOARD. '_
THB^Irvingdale. 62U E-\dy — Suite , suitable | for
three gentlemen with board, $C0; single rooms
with board. $22 5.0 up; excellent table. . ¦
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished;' good
table; warm belt of Misslon._> 1070 Valencia
St.; conservatories. -- -,S .:. -¦ "¦
HANDSOMELY furnished front room, with
board; use parlor, piano, . phone. : 850 Van
Ness ave. \ . _~ ¦ ¦ . "•'..' -'-
CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
JflARA, 615 Taylor— Sunny rooms; - excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable. •
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter-.Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. ,
VAN NESS.' 519 — Handsome furnished, apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Three or four furnished housekeep-
ing rooms between Second and Seventh sts. ;
three In family; reasonable. Box 3493. Call.
"¦ RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE— Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market St.. ,
and get cured: treatment free. .
SPECIAL NOTICES. ' -
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
i gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902: Edna Dussure. 1 year 6
months; Gertrude Westphiel,, 6 years 0
months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwin, 2 years 'J months; Charles Kat-
to. 4 year$ 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 6 months;
Daisy Morres. 3 years 6 months; Pauline
Hoxall, 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 13 years; Will '
Hilltln, 3 years 10 months; George Hilltln.
2 years; Alice Murry. 5 years 5 months; Ger-
tie Murry. 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo, 5 years 1 month; Edmund
Munny, 5 years 11 months; Mary Carolina
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months; Thomas Donn.
5 years 2 months; -Albena Gazano, 8 years 9
months; Bernard Rose, 4 years 7 months:
Mary Vogelsange. 8 years; Ruble Denny, 0
years; Florence Wall. 3 years; Mary Green,
6 years ; Evalyn Segers, 2 years ; Mary
Weisen, 7 years 8 months ; Loretta Shanahan,
Jl years; Ada Whitney, 10 years 11 months;
Charles Buckbee. 5 years; Isabella Maguire,
10 years; Benjamin Pacllla, 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pactlla. 3 years 7 months:
Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith, 8
years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith. 4
years. ¦
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL .kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Slack 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell Bts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. :. phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND^SUPPLIES^
GREAT^ARGAINS i'lrTTYPEWmTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $.3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
,DIVIDESD NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, January 20, 1902 —
At a regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors of this company, held this day, a divi-
dend was declared, payable on and after
January 21. 1302. LOUIS WEINMANN. Sec.
NOTICE TO PROPERTY-OWNERS AND
CONTRACTORS.
HAVING recently acquired the Hentzell pat-
ent chimney, I am prepared to erect this
chimney from GOc a foot up; expert In curing
smoking or defective flues; chimney tops of
all descriptions erected; also contractor for
brick and concrete work of all kinds; founda-
tions and sidewalks a specialty; brick put
under old buildings; having my own- screws
and timbers I can do this work . cheap and
without any obedience to combined labor or-
ganizations; estimates gratuitous. 'JOSEPH
SMITH, 2U33 Mission St., or box 260, 318 Bush.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Danls J.. Hanlon. 33, 76G Hayes street, and
Bertie Powers. 19, 766 Hayes street.
Luther H. Johns, 28. 649 •£ Stevenson street,
and Emma J. Heimrath, 23, 640 Stevenson st.
Jess B. McAfee. 28, 148 Sixth street, and
Kate ReiUy, 24, 422% Ivy avenue.
William H. Lewellyn, 27, 237 Shipley street,
and Llllie M. Howland, 19, 237 Shipley street.
Albert E. Martin. 27, 219 Ninth street, and
Elizabeth B. Bruchner, 25, 219 Ninth street.
Allen C. Errington, 25, Vacaville, Cal.. and
May G. Murphy, 20, Eureka, Cal.
Mack Rosenshine, 32, New York City, ' and
Nina Kaufmann. 22, city.
Peter A. Hartman, 52, northeast corner Cen-
tral avenue and Sutter street, and Gertrude K.
Francis, 45. 133 Hyde street.
Demtrio Garvilis, 47, Oroville, Cal., and
Emele Beache, 35, city.
Joseph Swinney. 35, Clipper Gap, Cal., and
Mary C. Byrne, 18, 067 Church street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN.
LAINE— In this city, January 21, 1902, to the
wife of E. W. Lalne (nee Nagel), a daugh-
ter, i •
REICH— In thia city, January 14, 1902, to the
wife of Morria Reich, a son.
MAERIED.
BECK — STEIN — In this city, January 26, 1902,
by Rabbi Isidore Myers. Sigmund Beck and
; Josephine Stein, both of San Francisco.
BEVERSON— BEVERSON— In this city, Janu-
ary 19. 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Martin Beverson and Sarah Beverson.
FILORI— CARCASS— In this city, January 18
1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John A.
Filori and Rachel Josephine Carcass.
HARRIS-— ADLER — In this city, January 20
1902, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Sigmund H
Harris and Belle Adler.
LAKNER — FRENK — In this city, January 21
1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Max Lakner
and Louise Frenk.
NATHAN — JONES^ — In this city, January 16
1902, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, -Albert Nathan
and Lulu Jones, both of San Francisco
TURICK— WAHLEN— In this city, January
22, 1902. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wll-
eon, William Henry Turick of San Jose and
Bertha A. Wahlen of Petaluma.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-sAeet Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lv. SanFran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa 9:11 p
" Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27p 8:05a
" Visalia.. 3:39p| 15:00a
" Bakersfd 6:15 pf 5:20 pi 7:45 a
" Kan.City | 2:40 a! 7:.'K> a
*• Chicago.. | ..|2:15p| 0:00 p|
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cara through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation • of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace. Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:10 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
BAKiWAY TBAVEL.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
» DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. .
REMOVED!
mcGINN BROS, / v-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS • and EMBALM-
ERS,. to 224 and. 226 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy st. ' Tel. South 252.>J-">'
tCTTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltsd to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
'. (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 222S Geary street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem . high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment . Mount Calvary
. Cemetery. • ;,
BURKE — In this city, January 22, • 1902N-at
- bU »«M.nrA. J.M Franym ..~.t. John.
(ETThe funeral will, take place from the
• above residence • to-day (Thursday) . at 9
o'clock, thence, to St. Mary's Cathedral
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her'soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private
Please omit flowers. . . .•- . _. '
BRADY— In this; city, ' January 21 1902'
Thomas H., beloved husband of Margret*a
M." lirady, a native of New York NY
aged 49 years. ,. • ¦ _ .' '_,.';
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock,' from the - parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighth and Harrison streets.
AMES — In this city, January 21. 1902, at. the
residence of her uncle, T. W. Brennan l' > 22
Laguna street, Maude V. ' Ames, a native of
San Francisco. - . .» ,
ALBERSMEYER — In this city, January 21
1902. Adolph, beloved son of Mrs. Catharine
Albersmeyer of Bremen, and nephew of Mrs
Adeiheid Heise of San Francisco, a native of
Bremen, Germany, aged 36 years 8 months
and 21 days. . . . , .
Albersmeyer, Adolph McDonald, Annie R
Ames, Maude V. Mark, Henry
Brady. Thomas H. Murphy, Margaret '
Burke, /John Nelson, Mary
Buxton, William T. Olsen, Svend O.
Caveglla, Antonia Robinson, Eugene C
Cordea, William H. Ruffs, Florence
Coughlen, John W. Ryan, Winnie
Fay, Edward J. Saunders, - Joseph
Feusler, Edward D. Sheppard, Wilfred M
Flngler, Oscar J. Sheridan, Jane
Hallmeyer, Gertrude Sullivan, Mary
Haushield, Harry Tierney, Mary
Henry, Cynthia Tobin, Amelia S
H11L Mary , Uhl, Felix
Hilton. James G. Weisheimer, SoDhia
Johnson, Nelson E. Wilson, Harry
Lane, Bertha H. • ;
DIED.
wr«ir«i, it^tri'mp.vt* — eoi».
STILL rentins new pianos, J» per month.
6C0TT-Ci;UTAZ Piano Co.. r.(30 Hayes st.
fl75— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ.
16 ilcAllifter 6U. next Hibernia Bank. :;.:,;
SUPERIOR violins, rithers. old and new. H.
Ml'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert nnd Stelnway bargains.
XEW HYGIEMC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. FKATIiER. late or New York,
has permanently located at C07 Van Nes*
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1<21.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in (rood order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission at,
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckeis building. 827 Market et. — Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to S"5.
ASHTOX & GARDINER.
PALMISTRY.
ti. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Co!-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde ZttSX
li. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylcr ft., bet. G^ary and Post: tel.Black 581.
PERSONALS.
JTliKIVED — Ladies, don't look old; Dr. N. lie
SAVOY SKY of Paris, greatest authority on
leminine beauty, will meet you at La Verlte
Parlors and Instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth- and beauty; after
years of study Is able to give electrical treat-
ment tor deep wrinkles that excels anything
ever given In thia country; electrolysis with
modern European method clears the face ot
all blemishes without pain or scar; fiesh re-
duced; no dieting; no erercise; phone How-
ard 1861. lUo Market st.. opposite Hale's.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third bC. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bms and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
WORKING man. 32. with a good farm, wishes
to become acquainted with a working girl
•who would like a good home; object matrl-
mony. Box 3407. Call office.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
raxe«. Geo. Matthews, 70» Kiftii, Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white ehirts; selection 300 patterns.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for (10 apiece at 23S Sixth st.. room
11; call alter 7 p. m.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
6icr.es, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, IIS Geary st. Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTEBN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
I ONLY carry the best switches, free from
dyed hair, fl. $1 5u: hair dressing, 25c G.
LEDEUER, 123 Stockton st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
T>r. G.S.Moore,S32 O' Karrell ;send tor circular.
A— MAT McMILLIN is at La Verite Parlors;
hairdresslng 25c. 1140 Mkt. ; tel. Howard 18CI.
PRIVATE detective wcrk; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 457 Minna st.
ACTISA for eale by the A'Vida. Company, 7(33
Valencia st., cor. Nineteenth.
Skating rir.k, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINTTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Brigps — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 368 Sutter;tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed
MRS. ALLIE M. NUNN. IOO214 Dclores st.
JKWKLRT for sale: diamonds, precious stones
bcupftt. T. Fershtand. 128 Kearny St.. rm.29.
ELKCTK1C needle ervclalist: superfluous hair
& mole? <5f5troyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wIrs;
country orders. GOLPPTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal enstumw. 26 O'Karrell: country orders.
TATLOR-MADE FUits. 57 W); dress pants, $2 00.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. I>AMOTTE f S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the beet corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDT'MS KsTPtLan Henna: restores gray
hair t« H* natural fol"r: *lt at nil <V uee'lyts.
PHYSICIANS AXD SCItGEOXS.
A — DR. OLIVE GRTJVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DO.VXELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonial? at office. 115-117 Mason.nr.Ellls.
PL.A3TISG AXD TCRXI.\G MILLS.
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOB SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market, opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$70,000 — Reduced from $80,000; corner, 75x75
ft. ; within one-third of block from
Market et. and close to Hibernia ;
Bank; stores and lodging-house; best
Investment off Market bU; must be
sold.
JC2.000 — Large corner, within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st. and Zlnkand'e; a rare buy; S2
feet frontage.
$60,000 — Corner; 48x82:6 ft-: first corner facing
Market st. north; sold for $12,500 SO
years ago; want offer.
555,000 — Half block from Orpheum : 1 block
from proposed Crocker hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
house.
$40,000 — Geary-Bt. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net.
$20,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $35,000; lot €8:9x
71; rents -$2450 per year.
$35.000— Me Allister-et: corner; 85x98; good im-
provements; rents $220.
127,600 — Fillmore-st. business corner; best lo-
cation In Western Addition; store and
flats; rents $200.
$15,500 — Three new Ellis-st. flats; 27:6 feet
frontage: yearly rents $1560.
$12,600 — Sutter St.. near Jones; a choice buy.
$11,500 — Ellls-st. corner: stores and flats; 3
frontages; lot 37:6x87:6; rents $95.
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter*
rents $90.
$9.500— Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown In-
vestment.
$9.000 — Elegant residence: 8 rooms; best mod-
ern appointments; electric and gas
lighting; fine heater and costly man-
tels; will easily rent for $75
$5,500— Flats; rents $56; lot 42:6 feet frontage
$3,600 — Flat*, vicinity Third and Howard eta '•
rents $46 50; mortgage $1700 can re-
main.
• X. 11. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Our many sales prove It.
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-egg Xor investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., nr. H st.
$400 to $800 — Superb Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$100 to $250— 1>vel building lots, near Mls-
fion-st. cars; 50 per cent leas than actual
value; $5 monthly.
$1000, $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages;
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
Room 64, Chronicle Building:
fl250— MISSION cottage and lot. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market et. .
LOT on Lasgton et.. near Harrison, 25x80. at ¦
a bargain. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market, j
FOR sale — 8-room house, with garden an.1
etone walks. 1919 Oak Bt., facing Park." i
URAL ESTATE COUXTBY — For Sale
FOR 6ALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO I
Email tracts, $60 tiv$90 per acre, on P.-jr.ciio
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future vaiue assured, a*
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general furming. I Apply
io The Cotati Co.; 302 California et.. for pam-
phlets end information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, j>each .and prune
lands to sell; right loca!!*y: big ironey; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. C Eddy Ft.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R, WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent . to any address in the
United States or Canada one year tor $1;
poct&ge- paid. y, ¦.,¦'"-
NEW FIKM OF UiNDBrtTAKERS.
I Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers* Association; M. J.
McBrearty. ' with | the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green,' late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171' Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. .Telephone South 44. • ¦
' " 27 nna 20 Fifth St. Tel. South 107
niNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest ¦ Equipment at , MoJcrotf Hatga.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
BAN.BKTTNO filLLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
, J. HENDERSON. Manarer.
Mt. OI iy e t G erri e tery ,
Shanahan Florist Co.
>fc ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices' Reasonable .^
107 POWELL. ST. NCA *ELLIS SKSf 5056
RAILWAY TBAVrL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TrMlaa I *«%»«. »¦¦<! nr« <*¦*« to *rrlv« •**
man ntAMCiMo. ,-•..:¦*'¦¦-
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
*»*?¦ — Fkom D»c«mbsb & 1901. — ahmts
~:00a Benlda, Suiauu, Elinirm and Saera-
i memo ;."...". »:*»»
.tOO* Vacaiille. Wlct<:n.'Rom*ey ":34»
«i3Oa Martinez, S>iult»iiioo.V*l! t .Jo. N»r».
CalUK.gAaiidMu.nta l^onu «lS3r
' ¦»••* DaTis, Woodland, KaigtiM I injinz.
WarygTille. «»ru»llle 7tS*r
SiOO* Atlantln Ktpresa-Ogrfen and Cut »iS»*
¦i«»«a M!es. L%tbrop, Stockton 'Jfle^r
SiUOa NUea. Meudota. Hanford. Visalla.
Porterrllle <¦>.¦»»
liWl Shasta Express— IXula, William* (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Ua.1
Bluff. Portland. 7:33»
• iKftA Han Jine, Llrertuors, '.Stockton. 1 .'
lime. Hacranmuto. Plaewiile.
MnrysfillH. Cblc... Rail Blntr -l<93p
a:3»AOakiUl6.Chinese,8on»ra. Tuolumna «x«3«
Mi«n* Hsywitrd, Nileaaail Way tttatiuus.. I li.V}* I
ti«OA Tallejo ij : »3f
»i««» Loa Angela Express — Martinax.
Tracy. Ijathrop, Htocktou, MerccJ
Fresno and Lot Angslea 7:39.*
•iUOa Vallrjf.. Martinet ami Waj HUtlons ?:33r
¦ •(OVA Thn OTcrlaml .Mmited-Ogden. t>en-
ter. Omaha. Chlcairn n<3*3*
fliOOp RiMirmneuto ItUer ttteainnrn... |ll>l»ua>
' ki««r llcnicia. Winters. Hacramento.
. IVoHilland, Knlulits l,«ii(liiii!.
MarjiTlllr. Oroillln l»:.V1a.
ti80p naywaxJ. Miles and Way Stations.. 7:55f
-<iiMir Martluex. Hail llainon. Vallejo. •
N»|m. CKllat4>K». Santa Komt. ..... IliSSf
4tOOr Nlles, LlTermore. Btoekton. Lodt... 12 Wf
«.:t«»r Uayward. Nllea, !>an .».>«», Llicnnore »>»:5i*
4:SUrTli« Owl IJmleed-Ftoino.Tul.iie.
Hakersflelii. Haiigus {or SuuU Uar>
burn. f. us A ii felts .<£ SiS94
Si»Of Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrcp. Stockton Im'^t
5:<>op Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
eed. Fresno ia:3»»
•:««r Hayward, Nlles and Ban Jose 7iS.1a
t««»«r Vallejo Ui23»
•iO»r Oriental Mali — Ogdeo, Denrer.
Omaha, St. Louia, Ohio* co Ji23»
?i«Op Oregon and California. KxpreM.Maa.
rainfliit». llarja«lll«. UetMIii*. ¦
r»rMiin.l. I'nget HoiiikI and Kaa* Sa3S«,
•«•»» San Pablo. Pork Ccwta, Martin »
• fit Way tiUUoui 1 1i2»a.
JgiO-fp VallHio 7»tt3f
COAST LINK (fJurrow Clauge).
(Foot ot M»rket Street.) '
¦il»ANewark.C«iiterillle,HanJose.Ftrtto». ' '" '
Boulder Creek. bautaOmz and Way
8Utiona 8i8«»
tS*ISr Newark Oenteniile. Saw Jose, Sm»
Alniaileu, Fxlton. linul«ler Creelc,
Santa Cnu and liiiiclpal Way
8tatlous IOiA«*
4il3p Newark, Han Joso. I.oh Gatos tStSOA
a».3op Hunters' Train— San Joso and Way
Btotiong |7-»0»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm SIS msCISCO— Fool of Muket Street (Slip 8)—
17:16 9:00 11:00a. «. 1:03 3:03 B:13f.M.
rrtaOlIUlO — r««l»f Iru^it.- f8:00 XaM 13.0»
10:00a.m. 12:03 3.03 t:03r.M.
COAST LINE (Hrnul (lauge).
(Third nnd Townaerul Sts.)
UiIWa San Joaoand Way Utationa. «i40a
?:OOa Han Jose uml Way SUtluna f*= ui »»
/?!«»» New Almwlen / -a<l«s>
SiOOa Oo*st Lioe limited — San Jose,
•;.! ( Glln>y. Sallow, San Luis Obispo,
, ' Bant* Barbara, Lou Angeles and
principal intermediate station*.... 10i4&
¦lOftAHan .)<)¦«. Tres I'iiios. HanU «!rux.
rnoillc Kwml t-alinas. gan LnU
Obispo ami Principal intermediate
Hh .tknii 4il«V
IOiSOa Ss? Jpk and Way Stations. *;:«»4
I I:S9a Hail .i»e anil Way SUtiom U. Ifla
19: l»p Sa» Alati-o. Ueilnooil. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, ."aiita Clara. Han.ltiaa,
Trea Plnos. Santa Crux. Salinas.
Monvcrey »...! r.citlc GroTa |IOi«3a>
SsS«r Han Jose ami Way StaUona. li'«<»»>
«:l»r San Jose ami Vrlnctpal Wajrl Stations 8i309
«:30r Sunset limited-Mondays, Wednm-
days, Friday*, for Loj Angeles, El
Paso New Orleans and New York.
Arrires Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays li>tl.1j
fStOOrSan Jom. Los Gates and l'rh.ci p-l
WaySUtlons i<»:OO»
5t30p 8»n JogeainlPrinelpa! Way; Stations 6:3Uy
>:•()• r San Joiraml WaySUtiona 7i.lO9
"ii9Qr New Orleans Exprena — San Lu.'s
ObUpo. SanU K»rh»r*. T^s An- i
gelea. D-mlng. El Paso, Kew Or-
leans and East ?iS*a,
qllt-lSrSan .»ose»inl Way 7i3O9
A for Morning ' 1" for Afternoon.
t H it mlay rxceiited. ' ? Snudar only.
__a Saturday only. / Tn«dj y^ »ud Fridays.
C?*Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. »"F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WILSON— In this city, January 21, : 1902
Harry Wilson, a native of Finland, aged 42
years. - • ,
ipy The . funeral' ¦ will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the 'parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.T 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Church, California and
Dupont streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. . ' * -.• i
WEISHEIMER— In this city. January 22. 1902.
Sophia Hannah, dearly beloved wife of Au-
gustus Welsheimer. mother of Laura J. and
Estelle E. Weishelmer and Isaac . H. and
Orland Sproule, and sister of C. H. Huffman.
a native of Belrnze, La., aged 65 years and
' 29 days. (New Orleans, . La., and Merced,
Cal.. papers nlease copy.)
(£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral to-morrow
f Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence. 1257 Guerrero street. • Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
UHL— In this "city. January 18. 1902. Felix
. . Uhl, a I native of Paris, France, ct*ed 83
years.' . ¦ , . -.. ; - . ¦
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
S fully - invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 911 Bryant street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the renose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ¦. -
TOBIN— In this city. January 22. 1902. Amelia
S.- Tobin,' a pioneer resident of San Fran-
cisco, widow of the late James Tobln. and
beloved mother of Fltzroy K. Tobin, a na-
¦ tlve of England. . . . . " .
i tE7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
'Mission atreet,? ¦ .
TIERNEY— In" this city. January 20. 1902.
- Mary, .'dearly beloved and .devoted wife of
Thomas Tierney, and loving aunt of Mrs.
¦ Samuel F. Brady and the late John F. Brod-
erlck, a • native of the parish . of Temple
Michael, County Waterford, Ireland, aged 64
years. (Newburyport. v Mass., papers please
copy.) • .-." : . • ¦
o' clock, j where a requiem high mass will be
•'j celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
¦ termtnt ¦ Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦••-.'. ¦ ¦ ' . .. • ; . .
SAUNDERS— In this city,. January 22, 1902*
/Joseph Saunders, a native of Maryland, aged
55 years. , . " ' . .\ .
SHEPPARD— an this city. 1 January 22." 1902,
'¦ Wilfred M. Sheppard, a native of Kew "York.
¦ aged 71 years. ' . - .
SHERIDAN— In thla city. January 32, 1902,
Jane Sheridan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
• . years. w ,
SULLIVAN— In this city, January '22, 1902.
Mary, beloved* wife of Dennis Sullivan, a
native of Inashana, County Cork, ' Ireland,
aged 60 years; ' -'. ; :.-
KyThe funeral will-, take place to-day,
January 23, 1902, at 10 o'clock, from St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. .
OLSEN — In this city, January 22, 1902, Sven-1
Olaf Olsen, darling, son of -Mr. and .Mrs.
Captain S. Olsen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 22 days.
ICyThe funeral will take I place to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 7 Glover street. Internjent
Laurel Hill Cemetery- ..
ROBINSON— In this city, January 21, 1902,
Eugene C. Robinson, beloved son of Mahala
1 and the late Andrew Robinson, and brother
of Emma J. and Walter C. Robinson, a na-
tive of Qulncy, Plumas County, Cal., aged
36 years. . : - - "¦¦;•' •'¦ •
CT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
-. Carew .& English, .¦ 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Masonic Temnle, Post and Mont-
gomery streets, for services under the aus-
pices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A.
M., at 2:30 o'clock, thence to Oakland ferry,
when remains will be forwarded to Qulncy;
Plumas County. Cal. r by 6 o'clock train.
RUFFS — In this city, January 21, 1902, Flor-
ence.' beloved- wife of Ausrust Ruffs, a na-
tive of California, aged 44 years 9 months
• and 15 days.- • '
RYAN— In this city. January 20, 1902, Win-
nie, beloved daughter of Ann Ryan and the
late John Ryan, sister of William. Michael,
. Christopher and John Ryan, Mrs. H. Beas-
ley and Mrs. George Fredrickson,, and niece
of William Ryan, Mrs. James Nolan and the
late Patrick Ryan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged. 25 years. *.
lET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 23, 1902, from the residence of her
parents, 143 San Carlos, avenue, at 8:80
¦ o'clock.-' thance to Mission Dolores Church,
corner of Sixteenth and Dolores streets, at 0
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, at the
Mission of the Good Samaritan, Second
street, near Folsom. Interment ¦ Cypres3
Lawn Cemetery, by i train from Third and
Townsend streets at 3:30 o'clock.
NELSON — In Alameda. January 21. 1902.
Mary, beloved wife of Charles J. Nelson,
and mother of Mrs. J:. .W. Hartley and C.
5 W. Nelson, aged 68 years. ¦
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. '
McDONALD — In this city, January 21, 1902.
at St. Joseph's Hospital, . Annie R. McDonald,
daughter of the late James and Mary T. R.
McDonald, a native of San Francisco.
(C7A reaulem mass will be celebrated
Thursday, at 9:30 o'clock, at, the chapel of
St. JoseDh's Hospital. Interment private.
MARK — In this city, January 22, 1902, Henry
Mark a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
MURPHY — In this . city, January 22, 1902,
Margaret W. Murphy, beloved mother of
Mrs. Josephine A.- Wardwell and the late
Frank Murphy, aged 76 years and 7 months.
tCXFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 847 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where services will be held.
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILTON — In San -Jose, January 18. 1802.
. James Gilbert Hilton, dearly beloved hus-
band of Clarissa G., and father of Starr G.
and Howard F. Hilton, and son-in-law of
Mrs. E. C. R. Rldgway, a native of Illinois,
aged 44 years and 6 months.
JOHNSON— In this city. January 22, 1902.
Xelson Ellaon Carl Johnson, dearly beloved
'husband pf Nancy. Jane Johnson., and. father,
of George W. Johnson pf San Francisco, Mrs.
Joseph R. Durkin and James A., William R.
and S. E. Johnson of Los Angeles, Mrs. Ida
¦ Hudson of Nob, Shasta County, Cal., and
Albert and Frank Johnson of Portland. Or.,
a native of Iowa, aged 70 years 8 months
and 29 days.
LANE— In thla city, January 22, 1902, Bertha
Helen Lane, wife of David F. Lane, sister
of Mrs. John W. Gunn of Portland, Or., Mrs.
. N. S. -McCready of Snohomish, Wash., Mrs.
O. B. Young of Seattle, Wash., and John A.
and George H. Merkley. and'daughter qf-Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Merkley of Iroquois, On-
tario, Canada, a native of Canada, aged 24
years.- •
[ET" Remains at the ; Darlors of Carew &
English. 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. ¦ ;*• "-v ' ••• ¦
FAY — In this city, ! January 20. 1902. Edward
James, -.beloved son of Michael and the late
Ellen Fay, and brother, of Stephen, William
J." George H.f Ann!e and Thomas Fay, Mrs.
E. J. Rutledge. Mrs. N. J. Dougherty" and
Mrs. J. Sullivan, a native of San Francisco,
¦ aged 28 years 7 months. and 8 days. - -.,"
-' (EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3265 Mission street, between
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth, thence to
St. Paul's Church,. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ; ¦
FEUSIER — In this city, January 21. 1902, Ed-
ward D. Feusler, beloved husband of Philo-
mene Feusler, father of H. E. . C. Feusier,
and brother of Louis Feusler of Stockton, a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 06 years C
months and 24 days. \
C7'Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 24, 1902, , at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 719 Green street, thence to the
Odd Fellows' Hall, where services will be
. held at 2 o'clock, under the auspices ' of
Templar Lodge No. 17, L O. O. F. Please
omit flowers. :
FINGLER — In Santa Barbara, January 20,
1902, Oscar J., beloved husband of Eda Fihg-
ler, father of Ruth and Edna Fingrler, son of
Mrs. M. Flngler, and brother of Charles,
Willie and Eda Flngler, a native of Ger-
' many, ased 42 years. .
E7"Frlends and (acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and. Eighth. Interment Mount
, Olivet Cemetery. ".-.- : '
HALLMEYER— In Oakland, January 22, 1902.
Gertrude Hallmeyer, beloved wife of ! Louis
¦"Hallmeyer, a native of Germany, aged 57
years and S months. •
HAUSHIELD — In Alameda, Cal., January 21.
1902, Harry, beloved husband of Wilhelmine
Haushield, and brother-in-law of Wllhelm
and Johannes Sachau, a native of Strass-
burg, Germany, aged 42 years 6 months and
6 days.
in?"Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
ber* ot Jubilee Rebekah Lodge No. 239, I. O.
O. F., are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth, where
the funeral services r will be held. under the
auspices of Farnsworth Lodge No. 95,- L O.
O. F.. and thence to Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery, where the remains will be cremated.
OFFICERS and members of Jubilee Rebekah
Lodge No. 239. are notified to attend the
' funeral of our late brother. Harry Haushield,
at 2 o'clock. Thursday, from the undertak-
ing carlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission
street. By order of • .- , i
PRISCILLA MUNRO, Noble Grand.
HENRY— In this city, January 21, 1902, Cyn-
thia, beloved mother of John M.. Stephen A..
Joseph H., Cornelius E., Rose M. and Clar-
ence S. Henry, and sister of Joseph Lewis,
a native of Ohio, ased 69 years and 11
months. ¦ . '
HILL— In thl3 city, January 22, 1902,- Mary,
dearly beloved mother of Hugh Kelly and
¦John Restuch, and grandmother of Phena
Smith, Mamie Prolomester and Frank and
Carmella Aurigrlio, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, asea 67 years 5 months and 7 days.
EXFriertds and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
t fully invited | to attend v the ; funeral - to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his lateresl-
dence, . 157- Hickory avenue, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market streets,
for services. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
¦ . . tery. . . . : ' . * ..""¦"
COUGHLEN — In this city, January -22, 1902,
- John W., beloved son of John; and the late
Margaret Coughlen, and brother of Mrs. W.
E. Coe and the late James J. Coughlen, a
- native of San Francisco. • . ... •
daaily beloved- husband of Margaret Burke,"
E and lather of Joseph, Mamie and Marguerite
•v. Burke, a native of Claremoris, County Mayo,
.Ireland, ased 67 years. : „ . \ . .- .;•.. v -
BUXTON— In thl3 city, January 22, 1902, Wil-
• liamT.;' beloved father of Thomas H.,,. Delia
• F. J.. Garfleld. Etta M., Milton E., Paul A.
and. Vioiette A. Buxton, a, native -of -Eng-
land, aged 5£> : years. . .,:'¦.- V
CAVEGLIA— In the City and County Hospital,
January 22, 1902, Antonia Cavegliai a native
! of Italy, aged. 55 years. ;
CORDES — In this city, January 20. , 1902; Wil-
liam H., dearly beloved husband ofMaggie^
Cordee. father of William H. Cordes -Jr.,
youngest son of Anna and . the" late C. ' H.»
•'- Cordes, and brother of Henry Cordea, a -na-
tive of Brooklyn. N. Y. ; aged 45 years and
23 days. A member of Moss Lodge No. 257,
I. O. O. F. ' (New York papers please copy.)
zf^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispeasary,
M*y<r-J$K 629 nEAC.1i: ST. Established
CTTi*'wm'" **•'¦* for the treatment <>f »'riv«t«
55JISMjG*T Diseases, l.iwt Manhood. I>v»>!:ity or
gKSAWrffJljAiliw-aj" wearlnjrmi body ami miml and
Z'jJSEjTKyskin Disgusts. T!iel>octorcureswh<«n
QHMMa3n n thers fait. Try him., t 'Barges low.
*-«• re« Raarantrrd. • Cull ci wriwt
XI r. a. JT. Wiisos. turn r.-ancisco.- Calr
¦;'•-.'•.. Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencfng September 20 1901
FROM SAN'FitANOISCO TO MILL VALLEY
rAND SAN RAFAEL. *
. WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. "9:30. 11:00 a. m
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15.- ti:15.< 6:45 p m
- EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and" San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. n%
-SUNDAYS— *8:0O, •10:00.* «ll:30 a. m '1-15
3:15.*4:45, 6:30. 0:30 p. m. . < m - . "V *
. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK-DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35 1015
a. m., n2:25, 2:15.»3:35, -1:40, 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p • m
SUNDAYS— 6:15.' •8:00, 'lO^, •11:43 a " m
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. * '
.Trains marked (•)' Start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45: 6:45, 7:55. 8:55 10-30
a m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m. ' •
. EXTRA . TRIPS on : Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05.* 10:05 a. r m.. 12:05, 2:15
3:30, 5:00. 6:45 p. m. •.
... THROUGH .TRAINS.
¦6:55 a. -in. : week days— Cazadero and way
stations. •'¦•; FUKP^^OTSWffmU
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.: ¦¦ • ¦ ¦ -.fgtggm
..8:00 a." m.'- Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.-' <¦ ¦ . -
¦" 'Legal Holiday -boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ¦ - ,
-.»¦•¦ .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN- FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIrl'J
KAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market S:.
6an Franeiseo io &an Ratael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:«0, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. ¦ Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 ».3O. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. B:20 p. m.
ban KaJaal to f-'na Francisco. '- - - ¦
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:30. 9:20, 11:10. a, m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1;55 and' 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. .•
Leave | In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. (Apr. 28, 11)01 1 San Francisca
Week 1 Sun- I . I | Sun- I Week
Days. | days, j Destination j days. | Days.
T:30am| 8:00am| Novato, 10: 40am | 8:40am.
S:3Upm| 0:30am Petaluma, 6:lt5pmjlO:25ain,
5:10pm| 5:00pmjSanta Rosa. 7:35pmj 6:20pm
| Fulton.
7 :30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdaburg. 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm.
7:30am 5:0Opm Hopland, 10:40am 10 :25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. "lo.ipm; 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am|10:25am
8:00am Guernevlile. 7:35pmj
3:30pm 5:00pm | 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am ,
I and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm,
7:30am| 8:0Cam[ |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:0Opm| Sabastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers ; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-
ville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Willlts. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicla
building.
. H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Ant.
fiOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. ' Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- a..™.^^.. Sun- Week"
Ttn, Iwm ri»B«W» t. g«— H m! B ¦>¦¦». tl-l>.
HjJut 0a«i, 621 1IABJUCT STKUT >od SAlloALHO TX33X.I SALT LAKE^.Utah, Jan: 22.— Stephen A.
Dole, aged 59 years,' of Governor
Dole; of Hawaii, :died. 'at iTucker/ -Utah,
yesterday after, a long illness. ' Dole .was
for many years a resident'of Wasliingion,
D. C.~, and at one time ! , was Indian ' agent
at the White Rock Agency in Colorado. "*>
Death of-. Stephen 'A^ • Bole.
Mr.'- Towe.-. the freight agent, has given
.positive assurance -that ¦ the ; Adler cloth-
Ing stock, which left Chicago on January
5, will arrive here not- later than Satur
day.* If so, no: time will be lost in getting
it to the Lyceum. 915 Market street, which
place Is now being made ' ready.- for : thlt
beautiful stock of men's clothing. >•
Good News.
The Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco flledian appeal In .the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals yester
day fromUhe Judgment of , the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals in th*>
action , of . the ' bank against ¦ Assessor
Dodge- to restrain that official from col
lecting taxes on the capital stock of the
bank. - .W.-. -• . -• ¦ . ¦
Bank Tax Case Appealed.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 22.— By an action
brought in the Superior! Court by. one of
its directors, the Sunset- Water .Company
Is again thrown Into- litigation. I Director
A. J. Webster asks the court to settle the
right to the water on certain : sections/" In
his complaint he alleges conspiracy on the
part of other: directors of .the 'company,
whereby the. right of the company to the
water on the sections named was deeded
to F. M. Graham, the Occidental -Water
Company and others without proper com
pensation. •?,'
Makes Charge i of \ Conspiracy.
PARIS, Jan. 22.— The Intervention of Paul
DeHchanel, president of the Chamber of Depu
ties has averted the. projected duel between M.'
d'Estournelles . de Constant.' (Republican) and
M. ¦"- Lasles (anti-Semite) Browing out of ' yes
terday's incident in 1 the House, .both of .the par
ties to the dtspute having repudiated any ln^
tentlon to insult the other. '¦',. - '.--•.
BAKERSFIELD. ¦ Jan.* 22.— John Burt, who
has recently been >ln San Francisco, Stockton
and Fresno, { arrived in this city, this j morning.
It was learned he was afflicted .with smallpox
and he : was at once sent to the pesthouse. He
is ignorant aa to where he contracted the dis
ease. ¦••.-¦ ¦-. "' '.,-.-*' ": •"¦¦.¦"'.¦¦'• .¦¦-' '¦.•¦-'. :¦.' '- ; -, :'. ¦
. WILKESBARRE. Pa.,' Jan. 22. — The miners
at :• the West End . Coal ¦ Company's : colliery at
Mocanlq ua \ went on strike to-day because non
union | workmen ' were ; employed. "The : strikers
number 500 men. : ..¦£,¦ . ' ' . - - -
SANTA CRUZ,' Jan.- 22.— In denying an ap
plication for a writ of habeas ; corpus In ; the
RIchert : case to-day, ¦? Judge ; J. G. Smith • de
cided that the. liquor ordinance recently adopt
ed by the Supervisors is valid. •_ j ;¦ ,.
CANTON, O. , Jan. 22. — President Hay, of
the McKinley .National Memorial . Association,
has received from Joseph Jefferson, the actor,
a check for $100 to be added to . the memorial
fund. . - i " • : ;¦ .- . ¦-,
TELEGRAPH NEWS:
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— While waiting
to be called as a witness In. a civil suit
at the Courthouse to-day, Joshua H. Al
derson, formerly of Eureka, Nev., and
for the past fifteen years a resident of
this city, dropped dead, supposedly from
heart disease. He complained of feeling
111 and asked a friend to assist him . to
the corridor, where he died before medical
aid could be summoned.. Alderson was
prominent. in mining circles in Nevada
twenty years ago and is well known here
as a mining man and - oil operator. ' He
was 65 years old. . . v:
Palls Dead in Court.
Edward D. ¦ Feusier, formerly ' . a well
known commission merchant, connected
with the firm of. Martin, Steffanl : &
Feusier at 307 Clay street, 'and prominent
in " fraternal circles, .died Tuesday at
his residence, 719 Green street.- He was a
native of New York City, 60 years of age
and a member of Templar- Lodge, I. O.
O.' F., under -whose auspices h.e- will r be
burled on Friday afternooii. He leaves a
wife and a brother. .~ > - >- ?
Commission Merchant Dead.
'The alumnae of Sacred Heart Presenta
tion Convent j will give an entertainment
Wednesday evening, February 5, at Na
tive Sons' Hall for the benefit of the con
vent. The -feature of the occasion will
be the presentation of a comic opera, -for
which elaborate preparations ' are . being
made. The programme will be concluded
with a social. The great number of .tick
ets already disposed of indicates that the
entertainment will be a marked success,
The committee in charge of the affair is
composed of Miss M..L. Nolan, Miss. Lll
lie Power, Miss Lizzie. Ryan, Miss M. B.
Mulcare and Miss Agnes Fitzpa trick.
Alumnae to Give Comic Opera.
CHARGING V TROOPERS > •
DISPERSE THE MOB
Polish Demonstration at a Russian
Consulate Suppressed by Force
; : f- of Arms. ; *
; .LEMBERG, 'Jan. 22.— There was a Polish
demonstration before the ¦ Russian con
sulate here last night of such a- disorderly
character that , it became . necessary to
send a detachment , of hussars to disperse
the mob. ,; ; - . '¦ '¦%-. :' •>.
The outbreak. was started by a number
of students assembling In the cemetery to
place s wreaths on the graves of the Poles
who. were victims i of the . rising ln-1863.
The , crowd was -quickly augmented and a
mob of people marched ¦ through -¦• the
streets,' singing the national ¦ songs. They
broke • down the ~- police -• cordon drawn
around the^ Russian consulate ; and ad
vanced 1 upon the building, .when they were
dispersed by a charge of cavalry. -
s SAN.- JOSE, Jan. 22.— The convention to : be
held here to-morrow afternoon In the Interests
of the purchase of the Big Basin - redwood
park promises td be I well 5 attended by : promi
nent.persons from. every. part of the State.
A general uproar followed, arid it waa
only when the Vicar General prepared to
carry out his threat to clear. the hall that
Kenfeit consented to sit down. Shouts of
.'"Farce!" and "Conspiracy!" accompanied
Bishop Gore's declaration and the ad
ministration of the oath.
The Vicar General ruled out most of
the protests, whereupon Kensit in vigor
ous terms defied the Vicar General to
stifle him, declaring he would continue to
protest until ejected by force. /'
Bishop Gore'g editorship of Lux Mundi
and the" fact that he is the founder of a
monastic celibate society figured largely
among- the arguments of the protestors.
Numerous objectors to the confirmation,
among whom was John Kensit, the noto
rious anti-ritualist crusader, protested so
vehemently that what was intended to be
a semi-religious ceremony assumed the
character of a disorderly political gath
ering. ...
LONDON, Jan. 22.— The* ceremony of
the confirmation of the Right Rev.
Charles A. Gore as Bishop of Westmin
ster to-day was attended by an extraor
dinary scene of tumult.
.u A^^ ces from Chllpancingo represent
That Oovernor Mora and family are liv'in«»
•n a stable, where a temporary dwelling
'jas been provided. He offers 530,000 as a
personal contribution for rebuilding th^
pity. Many people *are reported to have
r?one insane as a result of the horrors
tit the catastrophe and from loss of rcl
£? v '£, u2 d * rte ?««. It is now proposed
to rebuild the city on another site.
MEXICO C1TT. Jan.
are bein? taken up here among American
,nnd British residents for the victims t)f
'he earthquake at Chilpancingo.
Three women were crushed to death In
the church of San Jose at Chllapa. whil»
ibey were engaged in. their devotion?
»Jne woman, at the first tremor, ran to
the door, hoping to escape, but was
t^ausht beneath the church tower as it
fell. Fortunately a large portion of the
population were in the main plaza at the
time of the shock, watching a tightrope
performance.
ACTION BY CONGRESS
CAJTNOT SAVE SCHEEPEBS
Boer Commandant Is Now Reported
to Have Been Executed !Last
' . Saturday.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— It has been dis
covered that through a cable error an
Associated Press dispatch announced
that the death sentence upon Command
ant Scheepers of the Boer army had been
confirmed' by General Kitchener and that
he would be executed next Saturday. The
fact is that he waa executed on last Sat
urday, January 18.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— In the Senate
to-day Teller offered the following con
current resolution/which he asked to go
over • until to-morrow : .
Whereas, It is announced that sentence of
death has been passed upon . Commandant
Scheepers of the Orange Free State army, now
& prisoner of war in the hands of the British
forces In South Africa-; and
Whereas - It is known that said Command
ant Scheepers was captured while lying sick
and wounded in a hospital, his capture being
in violation of articles 1 and 5 of the Geneva
convention; and .
Whereas, His execution by the British au
thorities will lead to acts of retaliation and
reprisals; be It • "»:„¦'
Resolved,' By the Senate, the House of Rep
resentatives concurring, that the President re
quest the Government of Great Britain to set
aside in the Interest - of humanity such sen
tence of death- and accord . to .. Commandant
Scheepers the privileges and Immunities guar
anteed under, the Geneva convention.
After reading press dispatches reciting
the statement of fact in the resolution
Teller said \ ¦- '-•".' J - .
- "I am told we can ; have by to-morrow
official statements that .the facts of the
resolution are correct. This is a case
which certainly calls for the intervention
of >i the United States or of some other
Government which has some feeling of
humanity.' War, wherever it is, should be
conducted : upon .; principles . of humanity,
or at least, -if not. we should enter our
protest against it.".
Blows Out His Brains With Rifle
. John Lunger, ' living at' 637 Vallejo
street, blew out his brains last night with
an old army rifle. He was despondent
and ¦ unable to do any "kind of work. Po
lice Officer Bakerllch heard the shot and
going to Lunger's "> room found him dead.
Cors«t Special This Week.
Jl quality, black, medium length, 50c ;
assortment odd corsets, different styles,
25c:all corsets fitted ~ChesterF. Wright.
6 Geary, cor. Kearny,,lat floor, upstairs*!..
Confirmation Ceremony
Interrupted by Many
Protests.
Victims of Mexico Earth
quake Are Bereft
of Reason.
FEAR DRIVES
THEM INSANE
At the , annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Mutual Savings . Bank of
San Francisco, held on Tuesday, . the
members 'of the old board of directors
were re-elected as follows: James r>.
Phelan, S. G. Murphy, John A. Hooper,
Ji.mes Moffitt, Robert McElroy, Frank J.
Sullivan, Charles. S. Neal, James M. Mc-
Donald" and Charles Holbrook. - The board
then elected Januis D. Phelan, president;
S. G. Murphy, first vice president; John
A. Hooper, second vice president; George
A. Storey, cashier and secretary; C* B.
Hobson, assistant cashier and assistant
secretary, and Frank J. Sullivan, attor
ney. ' ',
Old Officers Are He-elected.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Jan. 22.— Two armed
Armenian bands have appeared at Saudjak. in
the Mush • district of Asiatic Turhey. In an
encounter between the Armenians and a de
tachment of Turkish- troops, the latter lost an
officer and two men killed.
ARGRY WORDS
DISTURB CLERGY
THOMAE REPRIMANDED. — G. F. Thomae.
the defaulting complaining witness In the case
of P. B. Johnson, charged 'with burglary, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday. | He
explained that 'he had • sworn to the complain t
in a ' moment of anger and . thought if . he • did
not appear in •¦ court the case against Johnson
would be; dismissed. - He admitted writing .a
letter" to Johnson's mother In San> Diego, but
be. simply wanted his things back or the equiv
alent.- amounting to $il2. The Judge after se
verely reprimanding him for his , conduct. • al
lowed him , to, go."
; NEW OFFICERS ' ELECTED.— At the an
nual meeting of r; the California Surety Club
park > and building • committee, held • Tuesday
night; the -following- named were . elected to
serve as- officers for. the ensuing year: Presi
dent. Philo Jacoby; vice president. Fred Levers;
secretary. Otto Bremer; treasurer. L. Reubold;
directors, A. . Strecker,' F. Levers. O. Bremer,
U C. BabhvL. Reubold, H. Stettin and Philo
Jacoby. :'
DOCKRILL GETS SIX MONTHS.— William
Dockrlll, keeper of a sailors* boarding-house on
East street, was sentenced to six months' im
prisonment ' in the County Jail -by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday . for kicking his • wife in the ab
domen. Mrs. Dockrlll refused to testify against
her husband.' but the Judge Instructed the po4
lice -to find witnesses who saw the brutal as
sault'and they testified yesterday. - ¦'.;; 1
FISH - COMMISSIONERS ACTIVE— Felix
Laurlcella, j a Valencia street merchant, who
was arrested for violating, the bag limit law,
was found guilty and fined $25 by Judge Slo
gan yesterday. .. I. I>. Hoffman of the Mont
gomery. Market .was fined an equal amount for
the . same offense. \ A. Paladlnl, convicted of
selling salmon out of. season, was fined $200.
PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY.— Petitions In
Insolvency were filed In the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday aa follows: O. Lucas,
tamale merchant, -Sacramento, liabilities, $1171.
no assets; George W. Williams, carpenter, San
Francisco. . liabilities $7975, no assets. .
SMUGGLER PLEADS GUILTY.— Morido Su
zuki pleaded guilty yesterday in the United
States District Court to a charge of smuggling
Bilk handkerchiefs. He -will be sentenced this
morning.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
At the suggestion of the Secretary of State,
by request of the British 'Government,- you are
directed to report whether there has been any
signs on your coast of a British •warship In
distress, or any wreckage therefrom. | This In
quiry la made because of fear that an acci
dent may have befallen the British ¦ warship
Condor, which left Esquimau for Honolulu on
December 2, and has not been heard from.
A report of the wreckage found by the
revenue cutter Grant off the Vancouver
coast, consisting of oars, pieces of boats
and a portion of a cabin and also the
finding of a clinker built ship's boat by
Indians at the entrance of Barclay Sound,
was sent to the department. The boat
answers the description of, those carried
by the Condor, and It is the opinion of
shipping men that it belonged to the miss
ing warship.
The wreckage reported by the Grant Is
fresh and was not there several months
ago, when ' the Grant made a cruise
around that island. Captain Tozier say3
that, judging from the amount of wreck
age strewn on the . beach, the recent
storms played havoc with many vessels
of which no report has been made. The
Grant will remain here for a day or two.
In anticipation of orders to make an ex
tended cruise to search for the missing
warship.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Jan. 22.—
The British Admiralty has about given
up hope for the safety of the warship
Condor, according to a dispatch received
here to-day by Collector of Customs
Heustia from the Treasury Department In
Washington. The dispatch Is aa follows:
Clan Fraser of the Order \ of Scottish
Clans will celebrate the birthday of Rob
ert Burns to-night at^ Odd Fellows' "Hall
with a Scottish entertainment and dance.
Among the features of the entertainment
will be the tableaux j participated in by
numerous members of the clan In . full
highland costume. There wlll.be bagpipe
selections by I. S. R. Tevendale and Adam
Ross, the clan's pipers, and Robert Lloyd,
Mrs. L. M. Anderson and Mrs. J. D. Craig
are to supply ..vocal numbers. .There will
also be an original poem on Burns by Mrs.
Bessie Henderson and the Rev. William
Rader is to deliver— an oration on the
Scotch poet: The evening's entertainment
is to conclude with a dance.
To Observe Burns' Birthday.
Cutter Grant Picks Up
Oars aDd Pieces
, of Boats.
The Emperor's gift to the Archduchess
Elizabeth includes jewels valued at $1,600,
000..a yearly allowance of 1350,000, a gold
dinner 'service and several residences.
VIENNA. Jan. 22.— The Archduchess
Elizabeth, In anticipation of her marriage
January 23 to Prince Otho" von Windlsh-
Graetz, . who is not of _ royal blood, to-day
took the oath renouncing . all claims for
herself 'and her descendants to the Aus
trian throne. The ceremony occurred at
noon in the Privy Council chamber of the
palace in the presence of the Emperor, a
number of statesmen and the foreign dip
lomats. The Archduchess took the oath
kneeling before a crucifix.
Oath and Is Recipient of
Many Gifts.
Archduchess Elizabeth Takes the
RENOUNCES HER CLAIM
TO THRONE OF AUSTRIA.
WRECKAGE MAY
BE OF CONDOR
A dispatch .was received last evening by
the kinsfolk of ex-Senator John Fay an
nouncing that he was very ill at the.home
of his* sister, Mrs. Scott, Staten Island, N.
Y., and could not live many more hours.
John Fay Is well known in the North
Beach section of this city. He represent
ed that district in the Senate of the thir
tieth and thirty-first sessions of the Leg
islature.- He was a Democrat in politics
but did not acknowledge allegiance to the
bosses of his party. He was independent
and honest, and his associates in the Sen
ate never questioned his integrity.
nouncing His Ssrious Illness at
Staten 1 Island, N. Y.
Eelatives Receive a Telegram An-
, About midnight Wright and his com
panion reached 5% Grant avenue. Wright
started to ! ascend the \ stairs and had al
most reached the top when he missed his
footing and tumbled -backward down the
entire flight. . He lay . in an unconscious
condition at the foot of the stairs, and
¦when picked up and taken to St. Luke's
Hospital it was found that he had sus
tained a - fracture of the skull. Despite
the efforts • of the ¦ physicians at I the hos
pital he died-at an early hour this morn
ing. The deceased was a brother of
Henry Wright, 1 ., 224 O'Farrell street.
I John Wright of Hollister fell backward
down:' a flight of stairs last night at %
Grant avenue and received injuries from
which he subsequently died at St. Luke's
Hospital./ Wright and Daniel McClosky,
.both . well ,' known . residents . of Hollister,
went out last night to take a trip around
town and view .the attractions.
Attractions of the City.
Death -While Out Viewing the
John W. Wright of Hollister Meets
FALLS -BACKWARD DOWN
-: : '-A FLIGHT OF STAIRS
EX-SENATOR JOHN FAY
REPORTED NEAR DEATH
Despite the foregoing . non-committal
resolution the club instructed its five del
egates to the State federation to vote
against drawing the color line and also
to vote unqualifiedly for reorganization.
Whereas An expression of opinion on ' the
color line has been asked by the National Fed
eration of Women's Clubs; therefore, be it
Resolved. That regarding the question ... re
ferred to,' as in process of evolution, and not
yet. at a stage where permanent decision can
be reached the executive board of the-Cali
fornia Club, while respecting the conclusions
of the other clubs, believes it inexpedient, -at
present, to commit itself either in favor of or
against the admission of cluba of colored women
of the National . Federation of Women's Clubs. ;
(Signed): Mrs. E. L. Campbell, Dr. Dorothea
Moore and Mrs. K. H. Angeles.
Regarding the admission of colored peo
ple to tbe rights of membership the Cali
fornia Club has passed the following reso
lution:
f or ! Reorganization at the State
Federation. ,
Instructs Its Five Delegates- to Vote
CALIFORNIA CLUB FAVORS
DROPPING' THE COLOR LINE
After the raising up there was uancingr,
under the direction of Floor Manager J.
W. Kelly; assisted by, L. C. Bauer and J.
Byrne. ? - ' ' —
Oneida Council — Mrs. K. Adams. P.; Mrs. H.'
Beach,- Pocahontas; -Mra. A. Goodall. 'W. ;
George Dastagne. Powhattan; Miss J Mathies
and Mrs. M. Anderson, scouts; Mrs. J. Fondern
and Mrs. M. Crosby, runners; Miss II. Koch
and Miss M.Wilk-le. counselors;. C. Decleer,
Miss G.' von Arx, -Mrs. M. Stade and G. Erns
berger. warriors. ' ¦ : • >k
Ramona .Council — May Conroy, P. : May
Bauer,- Pocahontas; Lulu Bauer, j \V. ; Gus
Moeller, Powhattan^ Mary Garrity and Mamie
Stahl. scouts; Bertha Burchhorn and F. Con
roy. runners: Elsie Saur and Flora Thompson,
counselors; Euphemle Qrowe, G. T. : E. Shaw.
G. F. ; J. Howard, J. Brittan. M. Garrity and
John Cowles, warriors. t_ . - - -
Potomac Council— Miss Amand Suelfolhm. P. ;
Miss M. Sharkey, Pocahontas; Mrs. Richardson,
VV. ; Brother Beal'e. Powhattan; Miss "W. Shar
key and .Mrs. Hawthorne, scouts; . Miss W.
Suelfolhm and Miss Ryan, runners; " Anita
Provence and Miss Hack«>nberg, counselors;
'Miss . Manning, G. T. ; Miss Osgood, G. F.;
Brothers Richards, Pearson, Burke and Arm
stedt, warriors. ...
Alfarata Council— Mrs. Miller, P.; Mrs. But
ler, Pocahontas; Mrs. Hasklll, ,W.; M. Price,
Powhattan ; Mrs. J; Brie and Mrs. ,_M. . Belts,
scouts ; ¦ Miss Greeves and Miss Eeckman, run
ners; Misses - Coulter, counselors; Brothers
Krumleck. Brown, McNamee and Garcia, war
riors; Miss Krumbeck, G. T.; M. Levy, G. F.
Makota Council — Ada Schllnck, P.; Joseph
ine Phillips, Pocahontas ;.Preata McRowe, W.;
Henry EllinKer, Powhattan; Madelaine Black
and Mrs. ' Leggett, scouts ; Mrs. McRowe and
Miss Schllnck, runners; , Tlllie "Westphal . and
Mrs. Rowley, counselors: A. McRowe, G. T.;
R. Phillips, G. F. ; J. .Byrne, John Kelly, J.
Russell and J. Holman, warriors.
Kaweah Council — Mrs.' Merrill, P.; Mrs. De
Clute, Pocahontas; Mrs. Buness, "W.; George
Baltic, Powhattan; Miss Nolan and Mrs.
G. "W. . Baltis, scouts; Miss Isaacs and Miss
No'an, counselors; Mrs. Smith, G, T.; Mrs.
Muller, G. F. ..... .
Pocahontas Council— Mrs. J. Allman, prophet
ess; Mrs. K. Burns, Pocahontas; Mrs. Lizzie
Varney, Wenonah; M. Rivers, Powhattanr Mis*
H. McGrath and May LJppert. scouts; Bessie
Llppert and B. Malloy, . runners ; Mrs. Rivers,
guard ofthe tepee; Mrs. K. Gutstadt, guard
of the forest; Sisters Gluck and Kutch, coun
selors: Brothers Kayser. Trickier," Guidel and
Smardell, warriors. .
The public raising up of the chiefs of the
various local councils , of the Degree of
Pocahbntas, Improved Order of Red Men,
in Union Square Hall last night was wit
nessed, by many members of the order and
visitors i designated as "palefaces." The
ceremony of raising up of chiefs.' as the
installation of officers is called in that
organization, was impressively conducted
by. Mina Rew, great Pocahontas; Hattle
James, great prophetess; Minnie ¦; Belts,
great Wenonah; J. G. Smith, Powhattan;
Nellie -Ltbbing*- and' Ida "Wheeler, scouts;
Misa Cunningham and Mrs. DIerks, run>
ners; Mollie McKay and Mrs.i McKenna,
counselors; Brothers Allman, Hobart,! S.
Harmon and J. Harmon, warriors; Mrs.
Allman, guard of the tepee: Mrs. G. .W.
Baltic, guard [ of the forest; assisted by
George Wheeler as master of ceremonies
and Walter Dpxey as "senior past chief.
The, chiefs were raised up in the main
body , of the hall and. the stage, was ar
-ranged as an Indian village. The follow
ing were the chiefs raised. up:
Oberdeener lives on Haight street, near
Fillmore, and was on his way home. He
was walking, along the west side of Web
ster street, between Oak and Page, where
there are no houses, when he passed three
men. He had his umbrella up and did not
see them till he. was close upon them.
Just as he was passing | them one ,said:
"Say, young fellow, we want to speak to
you." He stopped and was told to throw,
up his hands and make no noise. The tall
est of the three men had something .like
a revolver in his hand and -kept it in view
of Oberdeener, while another of the foot
pads went through his pockets. =
After securing Oberdeener's money they
told him to "get," and not make any out
cry or he would repent it.. -As soon as he
got away he started to run and did not
stop until he reached the barber shop on
Haight street, near Fillmore.
Oberdeener notified -the police Tuesday,
and from the description he gave of the
three men it is supposed they, might have
been those who killed Policeman Robin-
Bon.
Three footpads held up Charles Ober
deener, salesman for W. Oberdeener, sta
tionery and f paper merchant, 18 .• First
s'trect, on Webster, -street/ between Oak
and Page, shortly after 7 o'clock Monday
night and robbed him of $5. all the money
he had in his possession.
The . appeal of Mrs. Abbie Rose Wood - in
the suit brought by her to recover a por
tion of her late husband's estate, and also
the appeal from Judge /froutt's refusal: to
grant her a family* allowance, were ar
gnued yesterday in. the Supreme Court./ln
the original action she failed ,' to : secure
judgment; on' the ground' that she waa a
divorced .woman and could not legally
marrywithin a year after, the decree had
been granted,, the court holding that her
marriage : to . Joseph | M. -Wood | at Reno,
Nev., wasan evasion of the laws of Cal
if ornia ana . the.retore invalid. ; -• .. .
The Chief Justice' and Justices McFar
land and Garoutte appeared to take the
view, yesterday that as the California law
stands , the. prohibition against divorced
parties marrying within one year after
uivorce coulo>only. apply to the case of
a marriage. in California; in. other words,
that the divorced party may: go beyond
the State and marry where he or she
pleases. ¦¦: r ¦ ; \ .
'Attorney Timothy J. Lyons, who argued
in favor of the validity of^the Reno mar
riage, claimed that the laws of the State
as .to marriages' only refer ' to unions con
tracted In the State, and that no State
has.any. right to make a law as to the
effect of any act done in another State;
also, that the: right of marriage is one of
peculiar- sanction in that marriage is the
foundation • of - human society, and that
the right of marriage is therefore a nat
ural one,, which may be exercised and en
tered into wherever the parties ."may
choose. Lyons also contended that it is
unreasonable to ask a court ' to undo an
act which parties have done under the
highest obligation to society.
Former Judge Oliver: P. Evans, counsel
for. the .heirs disputing, the marriage, ar
gued that a divorce decree in this State
did. not go intoJeffect until, one year alter
the 'judgment of . divorce was rendered.
He further argued- that., the.- divorced
parties remained in law married during
that one year of • suspension. •¦
It was this contention on the part of
Evans that called forth the questioning
remarks of the -Chief Justice and of Jus
tices-Garoutte and McFarland. '.
Evans,: was apparently angered at the
questions put .to film- at intervals by At
torney, ~W. S.'Wo'bd; who appeared as as
sociate counsel with Lyons. 'Evans also
complained of ' the criticisms of him con
tained, in the reply ' brief of "Wood and
Lyons and took especial objection to that
part of i. the criticism which, he said, was
an attempt, to teach him how to write a
brief. Turning to opposing counsel Evans
said bitterly, "I. take it whence', it comes,
and so let- it rest- on that."
The court took the -case under advise
ment.- . • . -.-. > -. . .. ¦ "•*¦ .
Many Members of the Order
and Visitors Attend the
Ceremonies.
Is Held Up Early in the
\ Evening While on E[is
Way Home. \
Point Raised in an Appeal
Taken From D ecision of
: ;¦¦ * "'Judge Troutt
Supreme Court to Pass
;dn the Question of
f Their "Validity.
Charles Oberdeener Be
* stows $5 Upon Trio
of Footpads.
Degree ;-. of PocahoDtas
Conducts Interesting .
Installation;
YIELDS UP COIN
TO HIGHWAYMEN
RENO MARRIAGES
MAY BE LEGAL
PUBLIC RAISING
OF THE CHIEFS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, THURSDAY, JANIJAR Y 2S~- l?02,
12
Wool waists are marked down. We are through with
them, but you are not- Worth more to save money in some-
thing you want than in something you don't want -
75c now: were formerly $1.25.
$1.00 now : were formerly $1.45.
$1.50 now: were formerly $2.00.
$2.oo now: were formerly $2.75.
And there's. a good range of sizes. But of course you mustn't
wait long if you would be sure of being fitted.
Lace vurtdin v/iiers.
¦ •V' 1 : A5c Curtains, worth 60c; 30 pairs.
' 57c for Curtains worth 75c and 85c, 136 pairs.
'67£c for Curtains worth $1.00 ; 41 pairs.
207 pairs Nottingham lace curtains ready for special sell-
ing this morning. They are a case of manufacturer's odd lines.
Woven with a good, strong, serviceable thread. Quite the
thing for attic or basement windows. At the drapery* store —
second floor.;
Drummer's Lace Curtain Ends 15c each.
960 of them.
Each \Yi, yards long, and in widths from 40 to 54 inches. Some of them
might be mussed a little. They have been handled so much that we got them"
under their worth, and so may you. 15c each.
Stationery of All Kinds
At Low Prices Just Now.
Think of buying fin^ bond writing paper at 19c per lb that sells every
day" at 25c, or Hurlbut's finest 35c box stationery at 25c, or
15c box Stationery at 8c. 20c box Stationery at 10c.
25c box Stationery at 15c. 50c Juvenile Stationery at 25c.
We never offered such values— could not begin to now if it were not a
dull time and we were anxious to keep busy. T--' 'i
100 Japanese Napkins at 8c.
That is the lowest price we know of them having been sold in the city,
and wr» would not do it now if we did not want to k£ep up the interest at
the stationery counter. They are in various shades; an extra good quality.
Note Tablets 10c. Thomas Glue 10c bottle.
Cream paper, ruled, extra quality, SO Fine quality liquid /glue, good for
leaves to the tablet. ... ' mending 1 crockery and woodenware. .
Counter Books 10c. Ink 4c bottle.
Canvas covered, good quality paper. Jet black, 4 oz. to the bottle.
New Satin Tucked Belts.
Made from the best quality of satin, finished with pretty buckle, which
gives a nobby dip effect — $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 each.
Black Beaded Elastic Belts 48c — comfortable and stylish.
Buckles 25c — many styles, new designs and shapes; they are made to give
j Market Street, y /W JfF^ $,*3^? f Market Street, j
' Opnosite Golden r^W ~j^'*Z*^~^ t^f*mSr& 'Opposite Golden I
iGats Avenue. J — *i^^* n "*r rcftC* I Gate Avenne.
I — 0 . . " o- -o
Hals's.
soap in stick form ;.^ : con-
yenience and economy in
shavinof. •
-It is : the best and cheapo
:est shaving soapJ . r ,
i ; .* ;•¦'¦ "Sold all over the world. /. =
T*m/ TAILORS
Market? Jt. • San Tt&khco
SpeGial Taken
FROM EACH DEPARTMENT.
To-day oniy these Specials
will be sold at almost
HalfPrice
QQ/. For DRESSING SACQUES . of
OOV good eiderdown ; fitted back ; hand
crocheted edge I of - worsted; silk I ribbon
; : bows ; nicely finished ; come in solid colors
of red, grey, pink and blue; worth dou-
ble - ¦¦ ¦¦'>• ¦<'; _"¦¦.¦: i,- .¦¦ /.; -/¦-. -.
QK r For WOMEN'S FLANNEL
UOt NIGHTGOWNS, made of heavy
.-material; come in pink and blue stripes;
• . cut wide • and extra long; . regular 65c
- value. : .,, ¦¦"-¦.'•_-.<¦¦<;¦" -¦_.,. ¦"
RA r For CHILDREN'S SOLID PINK.
0 \3 \* BLUE or CREAM I NIGHT-
-GOWNS, made- of .best' Cinderella Flan-.
nel;: collar, cuffs and yoke trimmed with :
: fine Torchon. lace; sizes 2 to 16; regular
price , 98c. -¦ t ••¦,-¦
RQr^Of $1.00 WOMEN'S FLANNEL
«JCrW» WRAPPERS.^made of heavy flar-
'.-, nelette,' dainty figures > and stripes : fitted
-¦waist lining; full skirt with deep flounce-
; prettily ; made . and trimmed. ; ¦
QOV> 75c ' WOMEN'S GERMAN
OcfC- FLANNEL WAISTS...; . XUM - A "
1 O/-» For ' WOMEN'S 35o . ALL "WOOL
ltfC BLACK HOSE. , : . ' " ./" ¦
QQ r For i 50c WOMEN'S 'DRAWERS :
At/Vmade. of *best muslin; trimmed
with clusters of tucks and ruffle of wida
¦ embroidery or lace. . . - ¦;
CHiLDREK'S; CLOAKS.
: <C 1 ¦ O Q For cholce of «• little lot of
O 1 • -£ *?• - CHILDREN'S , ALL , WOOL
REEFERS; many. among them are worth
.;, as high. as 53.00. : ; ; j, 7. . - \
•CO ; :QHJ' ; For''- regular 3 $5.00 - DRES3
ti>-^«CO SKIRTS; made of fine -broad.'
- - cloth : flounced « and trimmed - with bands
~ of batin . and cords. . : .- " -. - ', •
'WE CLOSE AT SIX O'CLOCK. :
1212-1214 MARKET SL;
• :.;< - Between Taylor and Jones.
THE WEEKLY CALL
31 per Year.
— ©\<w^mSfe^^. =====
Before Stock Taking Sale
Remarkable values now being offered in .every department.
iPriceshave been so greatly reduced — that all surplus stocks
must be closed out during the few remaining days prior to
stock taking — Feb. ist. . : *r.;Vy '
Ladies' Walking Suits Reduced
Only a "broken assortment" sale would permit such price
reductions. An opportunity no lady should allow to pass
without investigating,
Beautiful Walking Suits in.
Stylish Walking and Rainy fine all wool golf material- —
day Suits in all wool cheviots flare flounce skirt, 'stylish
and golf materials, in blue, norfolk and double breasted
gray, brown and tan, formerly jackets, were $22.50 (TiA CA
$12.50, $14.00, 515 (£7 ca a suit - - reduced to Cj)lO.3U
a suit --- reduced -to M>i.3U . High class tailored walking
Handsome Walking Suits, Suits, made of fine all wool'
made of fine all wool black golf material; skirt cut with
cheviot, with finely stitched flaring flounce— jackets in new
flounce and doubie breasted norfolk and eton styles;
jacket, formerly <t>tn j^a originally $26 and <t>™ aa
$15.75 suit, reduced lo Cpl^.e/V 529 a suit, reduced to. CpZl.Uil
Gloves at Half Price
The glove sale that began Monday will continue for three
days more. We have <o!d hundreds of pairs in the first three
days of this sale, but have enough to last until Saturday night.j
$2.00 '".Waggioni" Kid Gloves $1.50 Suede Gloves
their only fault buttons instead with 2 or 3 clasps for evening
of clasps — on sale at or street wear— on sale at
§1.00 a pair 85c a pair
Clean=Up of Boys' Sweaters
Boys Sweaters in excellent qualities — but assortments are
broken and they must go— Colors are cardinal, navy and royal
blue, in plain and fancy striped — originally sold for $1.50 and
Si. 75 each — Reduced to SI. 25. •
Stiil Farther Price Reductions in
Ladies' Knit Underwear
We continue to sell Ladies' Winter Weight Underwear at
absurdly low prices. Perfectly made garments — nothing
against them but a size missing or a color gone.
Ladies' Woolen Equestrienne Ladies' Merino Union Suits,
Ti£hts,knee!en2th,\vere$2.5O high neck and shirt sleeves,
a pair, now $1.00 were $4.50 suit, now $2.00
Ladies' Merino Vests, high Ladies' Merino Union Suits,
neck and short sleeves, were high neck and long sleeves,
$1.25 each, now 75c. were J5.00 suit, now $3.00
Ladies' Camel s Hair Vests Ladies' 'Merino Union Suits,
and Pants, alwaxs $1.25 each, low neck and no sleeves, were
now $1.00 S4.ooa suit,. now. $1.75
Continuation of the Art Linen Sale
Just a paragraph concerning ihe sale of Art Linens that
started here last Monday*; The quantity involved was very.
Jarge, there are stili splendid values to. be had in plain, hem-
stitched and embroidered Scarfs, Squares and Center pieces- —
but do not delay — Art Linens are not offered every day at
from yi to l / 2 less than regular prices. . . .
=1 Keariw <*nrf Sutkr Streets 1=
Sale's.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
||A5j1gON ABLE I
SUITS: I
I^^^^^^For the house,
\\{(\\ /\\\ t^ ie street ' out "
'// a\ I /K 4 oor pastimes,
( "Vvy v riding or cycl-
\yj A ing cannot be
Ifl Jk o b t a i n e d
- I in ready - made
\ v garments; they
\ \ must be made
\ i \ by the tailor
/ \ \ \ * rOm accura te
/ \ " \ \ mea s ur e- A
\^ _uV^ Lowenthal
"*** Suit ;
Has all good points that ladies require
in their garments — it has a character
and look in keeping with high class
tailoring and costs no" more than a
ready-made one.
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
HAMS, finest Eastern, lb !3zC
regularly 14%c . --;,
EGGS, fresh ranch, 2 dozen... 45c
BUTTER, first class, 2 squares. 75c
SWEET WlNES-bot 25c. gal Sl.00
Port, Sherry, Angelica and Muscat,
choice native wines,
regularly 40c and $1.50.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, qt bot.... 50c
Imported from Italy,
regularly 60c.
APETIT SILD, 2 tins 25c
Imported from Sweden,
regularly I5c tin.
BEESWAX CANDLES, 11). 40c
Pure Beeswax candles for
church use. 4 to the lb.
regularly 45c.
WOOD ALCOHOL, -hot 30c, gal 95c
For burning purposes.'
regularly 40c and $1.23.
ROCK AND RYE, bot... 50c
Best Rock Candy and pure Rye 'Whisky. '
regularly 75c.
SUGAR CORN, 3 cans... t .... 25c
Choice eastern Corn,
regularly 10c a can.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT
ATTENTION.
CATALOGUE FRH.E.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
Geo. H. Fuller Desk
REMOVAL SALE.
We offer our immense stock of OF-
FICE FURNITURE at greatly reduced
prices until February ist..
638-640 Mission Street.
rr»HIS WErX-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
.L Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea Gleet,
Strictur.-, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, free.
O *^ 20 r Pi V rs «'* x ? erie " ce - T< * rn " reasonable. Hours.
9to:i<laily:«::sOto'.;s}<»vY!*. Sundays, 10 in ic jftmiMl.
Cation free and sacredly confidential. Cal! oraddresa
¦ P. KOSI'OK BIcXULTY, 33. D.
26*4 Kearny St.. Saa I'ra.icisco, Cal.