POLICY IN CREATING GOOD
WILL OF EUROPEAN NATIONS
IS STYLED "FLUNKYISM"
Continued on 'PVge Three.
} PARIS, ¦-. Feb. • 14.— In a*- pastoral , letter
the^ Archbishop t_ptk Bordeaux J>- condemns
the : educational ' policy r of . the Government
aridj appeals^ to;, CatholicsT to -prdtest^by
votes ragalrist -the -closing \>f' : religious'
schools. : .The Lenten 'charge'of^the^ Bishop"
of Valence/idepartment of .Drome.'Jis also
conceived" in Hhe: same', spirit,*^ ;^^ ¦'.'¦ {
Appeals ;to : Catholics.
knee and kiss the hand of some English
King, that while this very pitiable spec
tacle is being, presented to us, it is being
heralded abroad that, in 1898, when we
were seeking to - strike the shackles of
serfdom from the aeels of Cuba, that
nation wa3'then secretly;in:our-a'wnv.cai»«i
ita^ attempting to form a coalition of .the
great powers, of 'the world to prevent that
interposition. : And it has not caused a
ripple in-diplomatic circles. It has been
the boast" of 'America,? diplomacy to the
contrary notwithstanding,/ that when our
State Department • said 'no' we meant
'no,' - and when it "said *yes* we meant
'yes.' ; It remained ' for the present and
the; Just closed Republican administration
to inaugurate -a system of European di
plomacy, with a kid-gloved, velvet
tongued gentleman, who had to travel
out of his way to .find a respo'nse to a
plain categorical question.
"We are destroying the integrity and
the pride and the intelligence and ;: the
honesty of that great department of the
Government. I have a respect for the
present "occupant of the White House, I
frankly- avow.". I: think he is too honest to
be palatable to the average Republican
partisan. A," "little . Quixotic.' it is true,
hasty-tempered, . full-blooded and not
exactly; desirable to many of our citizens,
and I. Indulge the hope that the lingering
element; of Americanism will induce him
at the first opportunity, to boot out that
man in "the State Department who in my
judgment-: has ; brought us ttJ this humil
iating condition.
.Is England a Friend P
\"England a friend of the United States?
I would - to God 'she were, but what a
spectacle have we. presented in order to
be able to boast that .we have the friend
ship of Great' Britain . and . have become a
world power. Never, before in the hlstory
of the ; republic has there been . a struggle
for .; freedom on the ; part * of any t people
that representatives; in this chamber did
not hasten to declare that we regarded
with ' solicitude the erideavors and . efforts
of -a people to obtain their own liberty.
For. more than four years we" have wit
nessed '{ Great Britain : maintaining . mili
tary, stations Inside the ; borders of two
republics. We have seen her agents go
ing '¦ up ' and " down' this • country enlisting
inen I and .buying materials of war.
"We have i swung ¦ farther, away from
Democratic . traditions, from Republican
ideas t and from .<. Republican ;. principles in
the 'last five years -than, in the previous
hundred years. Things- are now accepted
as j a matter of . course that would have
chocked the intelligence of our fore
fathers .- beyond " endurance— all growing
out. of this striving' to lock arms with the
great European powers and become a
world power, to foster. this new Idea 1 ot
diplomacy, sitting quietly by and allow
ing a. representative • of one great power
to assemble in his . residence in the cap
ital of ; the "republic the ] representatives of
every, other great nation and make the
cold-blooded' .'and deliberate • demand, or
request,; that they join with hlrii in a de
termination arbitrarily arid with force
to' prevent the American people' frorii ;ac
complishltfg what they had determined
to' accomplish. • It may ' be well enough to
treat the representatives" of/ foreign pow
ers with courtesy and, consideration.
Would i Send Away Pauncefote.
'¦'¦ "I J do that if the _ publication in
'the : press is. true, '^this" man -Pauncefote
ought : to be ordered , to take the first ship
to cross the waters. We want no such
man in the > republic. If he * comes here
to represent- his '"GoveVriment, well and
good, but if, he comes here to hatch con
spiracies, to ; attempt to - force ; his
arid, his; ideas* upon the American people,
PORTLAND, Or,, Feb. 14.— The . annual
meeting of I stockholders . of , the Pacific
States .Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany /was held to-day. Expenditures were
authorized -for r extension '¦¦ of the lines "of
the company; and f or/other ' Improvements'
which aggregate {2,100,000. V 1j m •'^'¦'< a j _;
graph Company Directors Au
. 'thorize Vast Betterments.
Pacific States Telephone and Tele-
WILL EXPEND MILLIONS
FOR EXTENDING; LINES
The mines and plants of the Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company are all located on
the line of the Colorado and Southern and
the Denver "and. Rio Grande. By the ac
quisition of : . the . Colorado and Southern
the Gates" syndicate. means to give all of
its business to this road and thus greatly
Increase Its earnings. - The stocks, bonds
arid liabilities of the Colorado and South
ern amount to $^7,201,870.
Syndicate.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.-The Tribune to
morrow will say: John w. Gates, John J.
Mitchell. Isaac Ellwood and those associ
ated with them in the control of the Colo
rado Fuel arid Iron Company appear to
have made- another railroad venture.' -It
Is learned from good authority that they
have purchased a interest in
the Colorado and ; Southern. This , road
runs from Denver, Colo., to .Texline, 1
Texas. 356 miles,, and its other division
branches and extensions comprise a mile
age*' of .785, making, -the total length of
miles operated 1142.- The company also
owns a majority of the .stock of the Den
ver and Fort Worth Railroad* and has a
half interest in the; Colorado Midland
Railway! ' which , runs from Colorado
Springs to Grand Junction, Colo. The Rio
Grande Western owns the other half in
terest of the Midland.
and Southern Passes to Gates
Controlling Interest in the Colorado
RAILROAD MAGNATES
v OBTAIN A NEW LINE
mand of Emperor William and that its
sole object was to establish the truth,
which had been . obscured by the other
Eide. J
','f.n the relation between Germany and
Great Britain there will now be no rea
son, so far as, Germany is concerned, to
enter into politics."
powers In a second note to the United
States urging a peaceful settlement of the
dispute with Spain, which , course The
Hague convention. declared It; to be the
duty of the powers when a dispute oc
curs between any two of them, and while
the .committee fully shares the desire
UNCONFIRMED RUMOR
OF TOLSTOI'S DEAfH
Conflicting Reports Are Sent Out
Concerning the Aged Author's
Condition.
VIENNA, Feb. 14— The Neueste Wiener
Journal publishes an unconfirmed ~runior
that Count Tolstoi .is dead.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 14.— The Mos-.
cow Courier says Count -Tolstoi's condi
tion Is hopeless. On the other hand, the
St. Petersburg Viedombstl publishes - a
telegram received from a physician yes
terday saying that acute inflammation of
the lungs and pleura set in February 6,
but that since then there has been. a
gradual improvement in .the patient's
condition, and that there is still hope that
he will recover." " ' '
EARTHQUAKE DESTROYS
THE TOWN OF SHAMAKA
Few Eouses Are Left Standing . and
Great Loss of. Life Is
Reported.
* LONDON, Feb. 14.— A . News dispatch
from St. Petersburg announces that the
large town of Shainaka, Trans-Caucasia,
has been destroyed by an earthquake. No
details of the disaster have been received.
Only a few houses' Irr Shamaka ' are
standing and the earthquake fwas attend
ed by great loss of- life'.' '
SIOTEB-S ABE SUPKEME
IN STREETS OF TRIESTE
Mob Stones the Police and Troops
Ars Stationed in Public
Squares.
TRIESTE, Austria, Feb. 14.— This city
Is practically in the hands of riotous
etrikers. All the factories are closed and
the few stores which opened for business
vere compelled to close, owing to the
snobs which paraded the streets. Traffic
en the street railroads was suspended.
The headquarters of the Austrian
Uoyds Steamship Company, whose fire
men were the first to strike, were pro
tected by -a strong force of police,' who
repeatedly charged and attempted to
drive back the rioters. The military have
occupied the public squares ' and other
points of. vantage. The mobs frequently
stoned the police and some shots were
fired.
A meeting held this afternoon in the
Piazza Grande was followed by a street
fight, during- which the troops fired a vol
ley into the mob, six of whom were killed
and twenty severely wounded.
The meeting was attended by 4900 strik
ers. It was addressed by the labor lead
ers, -who spoke In a pacific vein, but owing
to the singing and hooting they could not
obtain a hearing.
After numerous scrimmages the con
stantly growing mobs of rioters attacked
— a company of troopers in the rear with
volleys of stones. A licuteriant was se- '
verely wounded and fell. His men then
opened fire, killing six. The further dis
persal of the rioters was accomplished
by the police with drawn swords, and
many men were wounded.
The labor leaders have consented that a
court of arbitration settle the dispute of
the strikers. Altogether 2p t 000 men of all.
traces have gone on strike. The tram
ways, the railroads and the newspapers
are all affected. The city is auiet to
night. All the buildings are protected by
Sues for Quarter of a Million.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— Mrs. -Helen E. No
lan, formerly Miss Koch, wife of James
Nolan, said to be a wealthy mine-owner
of Pasadena. Cal., brought suit in - the
Circuit Court to-day for $250,000 damages
against John V. Farwell and Michael P.
Monohan, the latter, a saloonkeeper at &Q
Custom House court. Nolan's sudden dis
appearance a few days after his marriage
«tnd his failure to. return, which are al
leged to have been, caused ~ by : influence
exercised over him by the defendants, ' is
giyen as the basis of the suit. Allegations
( WilJ also be made, it. Is. said, tending' to
'show that '; representations ¦ were • to
Nolan '¦ by the defendants ; that -' he "<f had
xaad'i a mistake in marryingt^^^^^.^^^^^^
y-.r^r ¦ ¦ • •-. . ¦ - ¦.—;¦•;¦ - - .-^ . .
GREAT BRITAIN'S EMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES WHO
.TRIED TO CAUSE POWERS TO INTERFERE IN DISPUTE WITH
SPAIN, AND FOREIGN OFFICE PARLIAMENTARY SECRETARY.
- "We find now,' despite; the fact that' the
present; administration is; afraid, even \1K
the : face ) of j it'sygreat '. majority," .to ; ask : an
appropriation '•¦ of \ $60,000^ or j $100,000 (_ to - pay
some- shoulder-strapped,'^ gold-laced -flun
ky. . to cross "¦; the i.water --and " : * bow -" tha
Rooseveltl Is Quixotic.
' \'Mr. Chalrmari," he began," "I have read
with lively/ interest 'j the •; recent; exposure
and criticism j in the ; press of the I attitude
of Great : Britain* arid : trie [ other/ European
powers /toward ,: the : republic^ during ; the
war of 1898. ipijlsloris of public sentiment
among the -people) of • the jUnlted States,
are to '- be 'desired. { : But untir the • inaugu
ratiori of the President '.of 1897: there'fnever
was ; any " division"": of sentiment upon : one
great question arid -that 'was; the splendid'
isolation, of the 'republic /arid its 'fixed " de- •
terrniriation to . hold .. aloof /from jail (en .
tangllrig : alliances ¦. with foreign : powers.
Then the belief fand^ fixed -judgment of
well nigh every V: patriotic .' citizen '.'."was
overturned arid f or : trie first ; time we wit- "
riessed-a President of the? United States,
"aided arid . egged) on ¦ by a pitiable ; flunky
iri'the ; StatetDepa'rtment, v .stretching, his
arms across the water •; to ; embrace the
hlst9fic ,'enemies ; of ' the I American ; people. ,
From that good 'hour j until : now we h'aW
made ourselves a laughing, stock at every
court ¦ in Europe -because " of our . flunky-'
isriiV 9 u r truculency here and: the dls-'
graceful sycophancy \ of .the ; representa-.
tives of thefrepublic at . the": feet of Great
Britain," arid* hqw,\when ¦ it" serves : the pur.
pose of some other great nation, the pitla-'
ble: spectacle ; is" presented- that we have
beenhugging to ourbosom duririg ; the last
five years! a nation that has systematical*;
ly "and i persistently "attempted; to ; destroy,
r the liberties of :the ¦ American ffeople since
the 'battle of •Yorktownl ;¦
Wheeler* delivered his sensational speech
during . the r consideration of . one . of the
private pension bills. '-..-. . - -.
Flunky : in • State \ Department.
_. _ ASHINGTON, Feb. 14.-The
*N\.)\/ monotony of a private pen-
¦¦'"•¦ SlOn • day ~ Of • th - 6 : ¦ — ° U - Se : — aS '••
y V enlivened ta-day/by "a" very
sensational; speech from-Rep
resentative Charles : K. '. Wheeler- of r Ken
tucky Jn denunciation .of 'what': he .denoih-.
inated "flunkyism" to *f oreighV countries, j
He took the recerit statements emanating
from ; Continental 'cabinets- regarding the
attitude of Great Britain' during the Span
ish"war.as a" 'text for a. wholesale attack
upon the trend of our recent -diplomacy.
His speech aroused 'the -House to. a high
pitch of - excitement .- and ; elicited j from ;
Boutell of T Illinois • a spirited defense ' oi;
Secretary HayV whom he eulogized in' high ;
terms. ' r Several -other members 'on the
-Republican side toofc.a hand arid later. ini
the ' afternoon Grosvenor ; of . Ohio took
Wheeler to taskfor. his .''inopportune pro.'
test" arid . rehearsed :" history of the,
visit of ithe Prince 'of sWalesl to this coun«:
try in 1860 and 'his reception by-Presiderit;
Buchanan.
Lord Pauncefote during the discussion.
: which was of an Informal character,
•were personal to himself and not pursu
ant of Instructions from her Majesty's
Government. The discussion resulted in
on agreement to forward an Identical tel
egram to their respective governments
' suggesting a further communication to
the United States Government- . On re
ceipt of this message the British- Gov
ernment immediately replied by objecting
to the terms of the communication as in
judicious.
"Two days later Lord Pauncefote was
informed that her Majesty's Government
had decided to take no action. We, at
that time, had no information of. the at
titude of • the" German Government."
The committee of the International Ar
bitration and Peace Association in Lon
don to-day unanimously adopted a reso
lution to the effect that after full consid
eration o/ the reply of the Under Secre
tary of State for Foreign Affairs, Lord j
Cranborne, to Henry Norman
la the House of Commons "from which
It appears Great Britain declined to asso
ciate itself with the chief continental*
289S, said:
"The meetins: which occurred April 14,
1ES6, was convened by Lord. Pauncefote,
as dean of the Embassadors, at the ver
; bal suggestion of some of his colleagues.
Whatever opinions were expressed by
LONDON. Feb. 14.— The Parlia
mentary Secretary for the For
eign Office, Lord Cranborne, re
pl5"lng in the House of Commons
to-day to a question of Henry
• Norman (Llberai) on the subject of- the
j action of the British Embassadcr .'. at i
WashlEgton, Lord Pauncefote, April 14,
'REPRESENTATIVE FROM KEN
| TUCKY WHO DELIVERED A MOST
: ; REMARKABLE SPEECH.
"; ".We. hope," •¦ the; Herald • proceeds,, ''that ;
we ! now : have , before us a • period , of five
years •. of -; undisturbed . peace J in * the ¦ Fat
Eastri whichVwe * shall .riot, fail to -utilize
in consolidating relations with our Asiatic
neighbors.". - : , , ¦ ' 7 : . •
" The \ Herald ; concludes f wlth hailing • with
the i highest satisfaction ', the recognition of
the integrity, and ; ; independence' of .; Korea;
"as >f earsV, of *f Japan's ;, designs "; against
Korea : had : heretofore ' caused anxiety .; in
Russia." • : :^:
The - St. Petersburg • Zeitung • welcomes
the • general ? intent j_of the agreement t to
preserve the V,\ Integrity ,: of • ; China arid
Korea, "which Russia has so frequently,
fully arid entirely expressed itself in, favor
of. The aims of the 'two island powers
therefore in no wise clash with Russia's
intentions. I So the l agreement" raises no
anxiety, "whatever." ',{>... " d .^
The Herald 1 declares the alliance was by
no means unexpected, "as the Japanese
report kept the* Russian -Foreign Office
fully and loyally, informed of the progress
Of . events. * At the \ time \ of;, the '.Chinese
troubles . Russia' laid ' down its . programme
for the' integrity i of "China; :sodt_cari. have
no .objection to' Great ; Britain ; and Japan
formally, adhering to ' the ' same policy." -
The few morning •¦ papers which com
mented on the treaty intimated \hat".Rus- :
sia was a" party , to both '-. the r preliminary
negotiations and' the treaty itself. V
We accept- the news of the entente with the
most complete equanimity .and 'are happy to
ascertain that England and Japan are pledged
to maintain the integrity of China and the in
dependence of Korea, . two principles .which
Russia was the first • to establish as . the basis
of her ¦ foreign policy in the ' Orient. Russia
would willingly . have subscribed to the agree-'
ments in the preamble. The English- Japanese
say their convention has only essentially pacific
aims. ¦-. This makjps it all the , more ' astonishing
when they speak of. war and coalitions. What
power, they have in view we cannot say. But
in any case, if peace is menaced. in the extreme
Orient^ Russia, for her part, will not . fail ; to
take all the, measures necessary ¦ to safeguard
her Interests. '-All Russia's conventions' with
Japan have aimed at the , preservation ;. of the
Integrity; of China and the independence, of
Korea- and it is true that Minister Kurino
came to us immediately, to communicate the
text of . the ¦ agreement . and to - give ¦ the most
amicable assurance.'- "Wo" have reason to' be
lieve that - it is not', true that America, with
whom Veare in perfect accord," is a silent part
ner In the agreement/ ;We have given 'America
positive assurances that Russia will do nothing'
which will disturb the interests of America in
China. We do not believe America is anxious
about the.' situation. Furthermore, we have
'received satisfactory ; assurances that America
Is not taking any steps against us In China.
"Welcomes General Intent.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. ; 14.— The Rus
sian official view of- the Anglo-Japanese
treaty was communicated to a , corre
spondent\to-day as follows:
, LONDON, Feb. 14.— The statement pub
lished "by La .Lanterne. of , Paris that,: a
treaty of alliance has been signed between
Russia and China does not find support
in any quarter.
Conger Congratulates V China.
• PEKING, Feb. -*14.^Ah unusual incident
took :¦: place : to-day .1 at ; the 'Foreign <5f flee.
After • the foreign 'Ministers had j paid the
¦cu8tomaiyi(^*y^Y^ar's^li«arid;^r«eni»di
an' address^ of "^congratulation;. '^United
States '¦ Minister ...Conger, '^regardless of
precedent, made 'a speech tolPrince Ching,
congratulating- China; on .the. position., in
which she now finds herself. ; It is under
stood by fellow 'diplomats that Conger
referred to lthe~Anglo- Japanese treaty.
The report this'morning that the" United
States proposed to'; adhere to i the Anglo-
Japanese treaty is .emphatically denied.
The United States, it is ¦ declared, has no
intention of being ' a participant . in that
arrangement." . 'm* ',, .
"Russia insists that" the ; Russo-Chinese
bank is a private institution ,' and that
concessions '¦ given' to it are concessions*;
which any nation can give to its own sub
jects, for the Russo-Chinese bank, as its
name indicates," has Chinese capital in
terested in it * The State • Department ap
preciates-the injustice of this argument,";
but - is anxious that American interests
shall be protected.
CALL BUREAU," 1406 ,G STREET. N.
W.; * WASHINGTON, 1 : Feb.; 14.— Count Cas
sini, the Russian; Embassador,: called at
the State Department .this afternoon, and
for more than an hour was "closeted with
Secretary Hay. Such 'information as can
be obtained indicates .that the Manchurian
question, as affected by, the, treaty of al
liance signed by Great 'Britain and Japan,
was under discussion. - , So . far i as can ; .be
learned; the State Department . has iriot
yet'been advised of the signature of either
the Manchurian evacuation treaty or. the
arrangement granting concessions • -in
Manchuria to the" Russq-Chlnese -*bank'.".
This Government has. been in-'
formed of the . con tents of the evacuation
convention, and ¦¦there is - absolutely no
opposition to it. " "-_-•" .. ,
Special Dispatch '¦¦ to The Cell.
To-night he was'the guest'at dinner of «
his 'brother-in-law, 'Alfred C. Johnston,
of, this city. The Mayor; of New York
visited the Hohenzollern late in the after- .
noon, -. but : as the admiral .was absent • h«
remained only a f aw minutes.
- At 2 ; o'clock this , afternoon Admiral
Barker of the Brooklyn navy yard' re
turned, the call of Admiral von Baudissin
made yesterday. After" the American ad
miral took his departure the German ad
miral left for New York, in citizen's at
tire, • to ¦ make ¦ calls on several New York
families he met in Kiel. Germany. '
Major. General Brooke, commanding the
Department of -the East, called on tha
admiral shortly before noon and was re
ceived ; with much ceremony."
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— Admiral ~* von .
Baudlssln, commander of the German
Imperial • yacht Hohenzollefn, was" kept
busy. to-day receiving and returning calls.
In the morning, wearing full unif onii
with many : decorations and accompanied
by ' Lieutenant von Wurtemburg, be/
called upon Mayor Adolph Lanker of Ho.
boken. The two ¦' conversed for a few •
minutes in -German. Mutual compliments
were then exchanged in English and the
admiral was Introduced to some of the
city officials before he returned to the
yacht. .-'
"While desiring that . our country be
hospitable"" to Prince Henry, we . cannot
forget the attitude of his countrymen dur
ing the Spanish war."
Officers Beturn Calls.
_ "Before the bombardment of Manila
Admiral Dewey notified the foreign com
manders that he proposed to attack, and
he requested that they get out of the
way. ' The German and French anchored
on one side of the bay and the English
and Japanese took a position just in tha
American rear. In view of these cir
cumstances, is it strange that the senti
ments of the fleet at Manila were not
friendly to the Germans?
"It is true that the Germans offered to
surrender these persons to the Americans,
but Admiral Dewey had no place tor put
them and permitted them to be landed.
Just before the fall of Manila, a German
man-of-war conveyed the Spanish Cap
tain, General of the Philippines to Hong
kong.
. VThe Germans were constantly showing
their sympathy for i the Spaniards. When
ever their ships came In the harbor they
would ostentatiously salute the Spanish
flag. German ships brought to Manila the
families of Spanish officers who were sur
rounded by^ insurgents on Isla Grande.
"When Vice Admiral von Diedrichs sent
his flag lieutenant on board the Olympla
to complain at the interference of the
American ships. Admiral Dewey told him,
to tell his chief that if he wanted war he
was prepared to let him have it. This
declaration had a good effect.
That Message of Defiance.
"The German ships at Manila were con
tinuously running in and out of the har
bor, passing through the American block
ading line.' Launches were steaming about
the harbor at night, necessitating con
stant vigilance on the part of American
men-of-war, who might have fired on
them, mistaking them for Spanish tor
pedo boats.
"It jvas well understood in the Amer
ican squadron that . Vice Admiral von —
Diedrichs wanted the two remaining ships
of his squadron, which were with Prince
Henry at Kiachou, to come to Manila Bay
to reinforce him.
ner without special instructions. Instead
of sending one or evsn two ships to Ma.
nlla. Bay~'to • protect German interests in
Manila, he brought to the harbor five
vessels. «i,"'<
"Vice Admiral von Diedrichs acted In
a most, disagreeable manner toward
Americans. I do not believe that he
would have dared to act. in such a man-
" 'The United States does not want
Cuba,' responded Admiral Dewey, 'and
it is useless to. discuss that question.'
Dewey and the Prince.
"Just before the war with Spain Prince
Henry and Admiral Dewey engaged in a
conversation in the course of which the
Prince stated that the powers would not
permit the United States to acquire Cuba.
"So far as Prince Henry is concerned
his relations with Admiral Dewey in the
Far East were quite pleasant. The only
unpleasantness that occurred was at a
banquet at Hongkong. ; Prince Henry did"
not refuse to toast the United States, as
reported. At the time Admiral Dewey' 3
rank was that of a commodore, and . his
country was toasted after another power,
whose representative was of higher rank.
CALL BUREAU, UOS G STREET. N.
W.. >: WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.-Prince
Henry's letter to Admiral Eewey apolo
gizing: for the conduct of the German
squadron in Manila Bay during the war
with Spain, the gist of which was pub
lished by The Call this morning, created
a most favorable impression in official
circles In "Washington.
- While officers who served with Admiral
Dewey are gratified - that Prince Henry
has seen fit to make the amende honor
able for the conduct of Vice Admiral von
Diedrichs at Manila, they say that he is
somewhat late about it. One of these
officers said to-nisht: •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ueport That an Arrangement of Alli
ance Has Be?n\ Made; Between
Russia and China Is Not ' . ; "
-' -¦¦¦«¦ ,#""'-¦-¦ ,¦ ¦¦•-.•¦ ••¦-¦¦'"
Believed.
Officers Who Served "With, Dewey
Tell of the Many Disagreeable
Acts of the Squadron tra
der Von Diedrichs.
¦
America , Has No Intention of
• Participating in Anglo- -
Japanese Pact
Prince Henry's Letter Is Rather
Late in Making Amende
Honorable.
"It goes. without saying that the publi
cation of the note' was made at the com-
The paper also points out that it is al
most impossible for Dr. Holleben. the" Ger
man Minister at Washington, " to have
taken the initiative in such a matter with-,
out the Imperial Government's authority,
or that the Reichsanzeiger should" have
published the documents it did without
the Emperor's. express consent. The Na
tional Zeltung adds: X
i BERLIN, Feb. 14.— The National Zeit
"* urig. In a long article mainly devoted to
controverting the views and alleged mis
interpretations by London newspapers of
the Holleben- Pauncefote incident, de
clares that It is ¦well known in "Washing
ton : that the incident of Admiral von
Diedrichs in Manila Bay has been fully
- cleared up.
Taken the Initiative.
Declare ' Holleben Could Not Have
of all classes of the British that there
should be permanent peace and friendship
between Great. Britain : and the United
States, the committee views- with ¦ alarm
that there should be any attempt "to use
that natural bond as a means of offend
ing the moral sentiment of the rest of
.the world or in betraying those: supreme
interests on which depend general peace/'
GEEKANS -MAKE DENIALS.
Peculiar Conduct of .the
, Germans at Manila
Is Recalled.
Count passim Is Closeted
."With Secretary (of : .
StatefHay.
Lord Cranborne, Parliamentary. Secretary for the Foreign
Office, Declares Embassador Was Promptly- Overruled
When His Views Were Communicated to 'Government
NEW TREATY
SUBJECT OF
DISCUSSION
NAVAL MEN
REFUSE TO
FORGET IT
GREAT BRITAIN REPUDIATES PAUNCEFOTE'S
CONDUCT IN ATTEMPTING TO CAUSE NATIONS
TO MEDDLE IN AMERICAN-SPANISH DISPUTE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISqO, SATURDAY; FEBRUARY 15, 1902:
VOLUME XCI— NO. 77.
Wh^ejen of Kentucky Protests Against
Daughter Going to Lon
don ; and Sedffs at Prince Henry
The San Francisco Call.Count Not' to Be Extradited.
PARIS, Feb.'. 14— The 'extradition* to
Bremen" of ¦ Count . Toulouse ¦' Laurtre de
•.' CASSEL."; Hesse-Nassau,' Prussia. .Feb. .14. —
Five . members ; of ; the , board ¦ of »upervi8ion ot
the. Cassel 3 Grain j Drying i Company,/ • charged
with : concealment "of . the>;eompany's iaffairs,
wars sertenced; to-day to f rom * three . to seven
months', i impr "sonment.- In i addition H«rmanii
Sumpf r was { fined 10;»*C0' marks and UheJ other
defendants . were fined 5CC0 marks each, v/* -
' NORFOLK, Va., Feb. 14. —Trie ;town- of
South Mills, , N. '¦ C, :¦': near the s Dismal
Swamp, -,was : practically, destroyed. byflre
to : day andat last reports the iflames, were
heading:: toward the ; ' swamp. -The >J fire
started in a : negro shanty ., and ¦ spread
rapidly. : ;The , town , has no ; fire'; depart
ment. Four hundred families are report
ed homeless. ¦ A- rough estimate places the
loss- at $120,000. -V !; ..- ; ¦ ".-, .
Many, Families Are Homeless.
Itching. Blind,- Bleeding or. Protruding Piles.
No Cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by , manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund ¦
money where It fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how. long standing. ¦ Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases In fourteen days:
One application gives ease 1 and", rest. -'Relieves
itching instantly., This is a new discovery,' and
is : ths ¦ only . pile : remerly sold I on positive \ guar-.
antee,-no cure, no pay. -'A. free eample.wiU.be
tent by mail; to any one sending name and ad
dreES. Price,' 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 50c In stamps and ! we > will for
ward full size box by mail. ; Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO. , St. Ix>uis, Mo., who
also- manufacture the ¦' celebrated cold •¦ cure."
Laxative' Bromo-Quinlne' Tablets." • •"; .
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
. Although Count von Posadowski-Weh
ner,;. the imperial - Secretary of State for
the ;; Interior, , declared --.the , Government
could not accept the suggestion,, the com
mittee, -by,; a large '." majority,; adopted a
motion - to the "effect -that the tariff bill
should \ become •¦ effective * January 1, 1905,
;at the latest." 'This .was followed by sev
eral Liberal -motions which "Baron von
Khardorff refused 7 to entertain:
The Liberals and ' Socialists violently de
nounced-^the^chairman's: 1 ruling and the
committee -subsequently- 1 overruled the
chair. -The; chairman resigned. >.-•-«.*
;• • The '¦'¦ overruling of • Baron von Kards
dorff'led',to.an- unroarlbus outbreak and
Socialist';, shouts ¦ of-. ' "dictatorship" and
'"terrorism.". '¦*•¦-.': '¦'<¦ :¦' , >, ':¦'¦<
BERLIN? r FebV il4»-The : frequent 'differ
ences of opinion ¦ wnich have occurredin
the customs . committee of ithe- Reichstag
culminated this morning after several dis
turbing' incidents in an open split and in
the .resignation; of : the ¦chairman,; Baron
von' •Kardorff; one of the 'Agrarian* lead
kTS.- ¦', •"'. ;' '*¦¦>¦ .'.-•. .:-: ; -.'
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 14.— The ran
sora of Miss Ellen M. Stone and her com
panion, Mme. Tsilka, has been paid. The
limit of time allowed for the i release of.
the captives has not yet expired, but their
delivery to the' American' agents is ex
pected hourly.' *
SOFIA, Feb. 14.— Bulgaria, an "official
newspaper, declares that as a result ' of
an energetic note from the United States,
the Government ¦ has permitted the. open-'
Ing: of negotiations with | the brigands ¦: for
the liberation of Miss Stone on Turkish
territory. ' >
WASHINGTON; Feb. 1 14.— It may,, be
that' Miss Stone's 'release is'at^last im-"
pending:. The State Department has. beeii !
informed of a new .'arrangement contem
plating her liberation" by the ' Bulgarian
brigands who hold her captive, 'i Officials
will ' not say that there : is foundation for
the report that .the ransom has -been al
ready., paid'. and that Miss ¦ Stone is' to be
left at a point' agreed upon, where she
will be ; found by representatives lof ; the
American legation in Constantinople. At
the same , time ; they ' give the impression
that there, is some basis "for .It and 1 ex-'
press a "hope; that Miss Stone's captivity
.¦will- soon .be- ended. -. . ;
Dr. A. R. Blodln, health officer of this
county, la authority ¦- for the statement
that the alarm over the eltuatlon la need
less and unwarranted. He said to-day
that the disease first obtained a foothold
at Fort Bid well last summer, . and,: al
though a rigid quarantine was established
at that time, it spread to some of the
border towns.. It is now Dr. Blodln' s In
tention, SO far as Modoc County la con
cerned, to enforce a more stringent, ob
servance of sanitary ' conditions. In view
of the appearance of the disease In Ore
gon, Dr. Blodln : has Instructed alU post
masters in border | towns to fumigate mail
and in this way he hopes to; prevent any.
spread of. the disease in- this county. Dur
ing the last few . days he-- has - subjected
several '. arrivals from Oregon ; towns to
fumigation as a matter of precaution. ¦¦
ALTDRAS,. Feb. 14.— There is . come ex
citement in Northern California townc
over the reported spread of smallpox near
the California and Oregon border." The
disease, has appeared in Lake view. Or.,
and at other points in the same; State.
There are a half dozen cases 'among the
Indians at Susanville, Lassen County,
and one or two whites are afflicted. Spo
radic cases are reported from other towns
In the northern part of the State.'
Orders the Fumigation of Mail to
Prevent. Introduction of
Disease.
MODOC'S HEALTH OFFICER
GUARDS AGAINST SMALLPOX
Renewed Report. That
Mites. Stone Is Soon to
Be Releasd. ; ~
Reicfc stag Members Have
Sharp Debate Over -'¦¦
Hi 'Tariff: '
ANGER UPSETS
THE COMMITTEE
BRIGANDS GET
RANSOM MONEY
THE Alden Club valentine reception
and entertainment at . 1622 Clay
street yesterday afternoon was a
success- in every detail. - Many
friends of the club thronged the
room and added to the proceeds of the
affair. The club is well known to be a
branch of the International Sunshine So
ciety, and its members work with cease
less energy to give practical assistance
wherever it is possible regardless of creed
or social position. The bright spirit of
helpfulness of the earnest workers wins
admiration and the large attendance yes
terday was a fair, testimonial. The dec
orations were carried out in white, red
and gold. The International Sunshino
Society colors are white and gold, while
red belongs to the Alden. Foliage was
carefully blended with the decorations*
Over a table was a large canopy formed
by four \ strings of red hearts. : In the
drawing room was the Sunshine shield,
bearing the I. S. S. monogram, outlined
in gold and surrounded by red hearts.
The members of the Alden Club wore red
badges with gold letters. ... Three palmists
were present and added much' to the en
joyment of the guests. Numbers on the
programme were skillfully rendered and
warmly received. The programme was as
© I ..x.. I ..t.. I .. I .4.^.> I .. I .. I .. I .. I .i..i..i..x.^>
PRESCOTT, Ariz.,. Feb. H.-^-Grant Bros.,
railroad contractors of Los Angeles,' . were
to-day awarded the. contract for building
sixteen miles of extension of . the Prescott
and Eastern Railroad to Bradshaw Moun
tains. ; The entire length, of the- line will
be thirty-two miles', and tinder the;con
tract the first sixteen miles is to be com
pleted by June 1. Grant Bros.' have the
contract -for building- a nine-mile spur
from the main line of the Prescott and
Eastern to the head' of Big; Bug Creek,
whichis nearing completion.' They.trans
ferred a portion of their force of men to
the new contract -and .commenced work
on -It to-day. .
Building Railway Extension.
Savine, who was -.arrested,,' here . on. a
charge of swindling, has been refused on
the ground that the" charge against I the
Count was not sufficiently proved.' : x ;
,: The training school takes a very high
place in the city, graduates from it being
at the head of its own school, of the Lane
Hospital Training School, of the German
The prominent philanthropic : women
who constitute the board of managers of
the California Hospital and who
work' ceaselessly in' the^ interests of the
suffering are very much encouraged over,
the report for last year from the medical
department, which came up at ..the last
annual meeting of the members; of the
hospital board. ' Dr. Vowinckel, surgeon
in charge, reported- seventy-eight capital
operations and 183 of secondary impor
tance and minor operations having been
performed. Forty-nine free patients were
treated in the free ward and 7 147 in the
free clinic were given 434 treatments,. and
this by no means covers all the: r charity
work of the medical . staff. Nine deaths
occurred, but seven of the, deceased- had
been suiiering from cancer in advanced
stages. . -¦;•¦
Mr. and Mrs. Horace D. Pillsbury en
tained at dinner last evening. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Taylor of Boston, the
parents of Mrs. Pillsbury, were guests of
honor. Miss Taylor, Mrs. H. OMoffitt,
Dr. and Mrs. ;C. BI Brlgham and J. M.
Quay were also guests.
* *.. *
Miss Nettle Sexton, and Miss Virginia
Dare were among the most active,mem
bers of the club, their efforts largely con
tributing to the success of, the entertain
ment. ... . ' -..
follows; Character sketch in costume,
Mrs. John Looseley (the artist); waltz
(Moszkowski), Miss Lavinia ¦ Giesting;
light recitations. Miss" Alice May; songs
by children from the Chinese Mission;
violin solo, Miss Hazel Hubbardi: songs
by: Miss Grace Marshall. /
. Mr. and- Mrs. Charles Josselyn and tho
Misses Josselyn are at the Palace Hotel,
having returned from . their '. European
tour. -'V-i.-i '-¦¦¦, •
' General and ¦ Mrs. Eagan are again In
the. city, having returned from Mexico.
• : • ' ' •
Mr. and Mrs. William H. ' McKIttrick
returned to, their Bakersfield. home last
evening. with their niece, Miss Redmond.
General" Shatter will also leave in a few
days. •
* • •
Miss Minnie Evans was hostess at a
luncheon on Monday, 'given in honor of
Miss Alice Gardner, whose engagement is
soon to be - announced formally. The
guests rwere:'. all •. schoolmates of Miss
Gardner while she was at Miss Head's
School. The dining room was charmingly
decorated In violets. Covers were laid for
ten. ' ...
.Mr. and Mrs.S. Sussmann gave a din
ner on Tuesday evening in honor of Mr.
and Mrs. E. Arnstein of New York. Cov
ers were laid for twenty-five.
Mr. j and Mrs. S. Greenbaum gave: a
large dinner at their Pacific avenue home
on Monday evening in honor of Mr. and
Mrs. E. Arnstein of New York. "
Hospital Training School, of the Rail
road Hospital in Sacramento and of a
private hospital in the same city, while
another graduate is the head nurse of the
surgical department of the French Hos
pital. The ladies of the board make a
very earnest and special appeal to the
wealthy and 'charitable people of San
Francisco~for ¦ donations and- bequests to
help- them ,to carry on their work among
the poor and suffering women of the city
and State.
TWO POPULAR MEMBERS OF THE ALDEN CLUB WHO WERE AMONG
THE MOST ACTIVE IN .MAKING THE VALENTINE RECEPTION
GIVEN BY THAT ORGANIZATION AN ENJOYABLE OCCASION.
The forecast for to-day is. showers for
the central and southern', parts of the
State, with a possibility of a slight rain
fall in the south.
The heaviest rainfall yesterday was in
the upper part of the Sacramento Valley
and In the towns about the bay. The
winds were unusually high in Nevada, a
velocity of thirty-eight miles being at
tained in one instance. At Sacramento
a southeast wind blew at the rate of
thirty miles an* hour during the after
noon. -
Rain fell generally in Central and
Northern California yesterday. The
southern part of the State reported cloud
iness, with but little prospect of rain,
however. Forecaster McAdie states that
the storm struck the coast on Thursday
night and has been working northward
since that time. At 5 o'clock last night
it had reached Vancouver Island.
ation of Showery "Weather for
State To-Day.
Forecaster McAdie Predicts Continu-
CENTRAL AND NORTHERN
CAI/IF0RNIA GET RAIN
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 14.— The weather
conditions to-night are favorable for rain.
The temperature has risen considerably
and the sky is overcast. Rain has been
predicted for several days past and the
local weather bureau gives some hope
that it may come to-night or to-morrow.
Rain Is badly needed throughout the
southern portion of the State.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 14.— It is cloudy here
to-night and- the local forecast is for
possible showers to-morrow. While the
last rain did an immense amount of good,
another downpour would be welcome.
SALINAS, Feb. 14.— Salinas was favor
ed early this morning with a quarter of
an inch of rain. This evening at 6 o'clock
it began raining again, with a strong
wind from the southeast. The indications
are that Monterey County will receive a
heavy precipitation before morning,
which will be very acceptable to farmers
in this locality. In the southern portion
of the county rain is badly needed.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 14.— Heavy rainfall
began early this morning and continued
almost uninterruptedly the entire day. It
is the heaviest - precipitation of the sea
son. - ¦
MONTEREY. Feb. 14.— Frequent light
showers have fallen hereabouts during the
past twenty-four hours, and the weather
is still threatening. This section greatly
needs rain and a copious downpour would
be welcome Just at this time.
GILROY, Feb. 14.— Light showers that
proved the forerunner of the heaviest and
most beneficial storm of the season com
menced this morning at 3 o'clock, and
since daylight the downpour has con
tinued steadily.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 14.— After twenty-four
hours of southeast wind and heavy rains
In the mountains and foothills on the
south and east, rain began falling here
at 4 o'clock. The conditions are such
that all are hopeful for a good wetting of
the soil, which now contains but little
iroisture.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 14.— There was a
decided change In the weather here this
evening over that of yesterday and the
early hours df to-day. A cloudy, threat
ening night closed in after a warm, bright
day and those who keep an eye on the
"signs" predict a good rainfall before the
sky clears.
STOCKTON, Feb. 14.— Rain fell steadily
the greater part of the affernon and is
still coming down. Up to 10 o'clock to
night .44 of an inch had been recorded.
Grain is In fine condition.
FRESNO, Feb. 14.— There was a light
shower this morning. To-night the sky is
overcast with clouds and the Indications
are that it will rain before morning.
WOODLAND, Feb. 14.— A steady rain
set In this evening and the indications for
a good storm are bright. , .
N APA, Feb. 14.— Rain is falling here.
The river is bank full.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 14.— Rain began
I falling last night and continued until
noon to-day. The showers were resumed
to-night.
Tehachapi.
Has Not Tet Reached Points Below
STORM WORKING SOUTHWARD.
As Santos-Dumont landed the great as
semblage which had gathered on the
.shore acclaimed him with extreme en
thusiaFm. His first words of a hurried
interview, obtained as he made his way
toward his residence, were: "I am not
discouraged. My trip to Cape Martin is
only postponed. I will start again as
Boon as I can get ready. This accident
was due to the entanglement of the guide
rope with the screw and wires of the
balloon. The balloon was not fully In
flated when I started. Seeing that an
accident was: inevitable I pulled the
emergency cord, but nulled it harder than
I intended. Thifi made a bigger rent than
,1 wanted. Oon»p<iu<»ntly the airship col
lapsed too quickly."
The launch went alongside the half-
Cefiated balloon of the airship, which
.threatened at any moment to smother
Santos-Dumont. The latter was half
pulled and half clambered over the gun
wale of the boat. The Prince of Monaco
took him by the hand and urged him to
allow himself to be taken on board the
yacht to dry himself and change his
clothes. But the aeronaut refused to flo
this until the remnant of his airship had
"been saved. With the sea water dripping
from his clothes and looking like a water
rat the inventor stood in the bow of the
launch shouting directions for the salvage
of his airship. It was impossible to save
more than the silk envelope. The motor
had to be left to Its fate and It sank.
The launch with, the inventor then made
ior.the shore.
The balloon, which was then almost in
the sea, rose slowly for a few moments.
But the motor stopped again and the air
ship descended a second time until San
tos-Dumont was Immersed up to his-arm
pits in the water/ The aeronaut, with
the pluck which had characterized him
throughout his dangerous experiments,
could be seen standing up in his car ges
ticulating and shouting directions to
those on the launch, which was towing
him toward the Princess Alice. At 2:55
o'clock the end of the balloon burst and
the Prince of Monaco, who was on board
the launch, then gave orders to rescue
Santos-Dumont from his perilous posi
tion.
In turning the balloon the guide rope
caught in the screw and this, with the
erratic working of the airship, created a
situation of great danger. At the same
Time a squall burst from Tete de Chien
and Santos-Dumont tilted the head of his
balloon upward in order to disengage the
guide rope. But in doing so, the ballast
shifted and the oil used to run the motor
began to spread. Fearing an explosion,
the inventor pulled the emergency cord.
This ripped the envelope of tfte balloon,
¦which at once began rapidiy to descend.
In the meanwhile the steam launches in
the bay were making toward the spot
where it was supposed the balloon would
fall. The first to approach was the Prin
cess Alice, belonging to the Prince of
Monaco, and those on board seized the
balloon's guide rope, which somehow had
"become disentangled. At the moment this
was done a sharp cracking sound, made
by the motor, could be heard and the
screw was seen to revolve.
It was soon noticed, however, that in
stead of maintaining its usual equilibrium
the balloon rose and pitched • in a way
that caused considerable anxiety among
the spectators. The aeronaut, however,
kept on his flight, and, pointing his ship
to the left, continued to ascend until the
long guide rope was quite twenty feet out
of the water.
A big crowd assembled at the entrance
of the aerodrome, and, as the large doors
of the building rolled back, the airship
emerged at twenty minutes of 3. A num
ber of steam yachts and launches. In
cluding the Prince of Monaco's yacht.
Princess Alice, with several parties on
board, were cruising about the bay with
the intention of following the balloon.
Cheers greeted Santos-Dumont as his air-
Ehlp rose and its head pointed for the
middle of the bay.
MONACO, Feb. 14. — Santos-Dumont, the
aeronaut, met with a disaster here to
£&y and had a narrow escape from death.
His airship is a total wreck, while.to
rAgbt his motor lies at the bottom of the
bay of Monaco.
The ' morning broke gloriously, ¦ but as
there was considerable wind. Santos-Du
xnoct decided not to attempt flight. To
ward 2 o'clock in the afternoon, however,
the wind dropped and tho weather ap
peared to be perfect. Santos-Dumont an
nounced that he would make a trip.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
| EUREKA, Feb. 14.— The rainstorm that
has raged in this county for the past two
weeks will prove, it is believed, one of
the most damaging that has occurred
here in many years. Rivers have over«
flowed their banks and in many instances
encroached on the homesteads of farm
ers. John Gasner was compelled to move
out of his house near Ferndale because
of the flood. The floor of the Eel Rlvtr
Creamery building was covered with
water to the depth of 17 Inches and some
of the outer structures were swept away.
Ten bridges are reported to have been
swept away between Hydesvilie and
Blocksburg, and the ferries have not been
running for ten days, cutting off the peo
ple in the southern end of the county
from all connection with the towns.
The entrance to Eel River is now
straight out to sea, having changed about
half a mile to the north. As the rivers
recede they are cutting deeply into the
rich dairy lands along the banks. Eel
River is reported to be carrying the fer
tile lands along Its north bank out to
sea. It is feared that if the storm con
tinues the Eel will cut through into Salt
River and destroy a large area of the
finest dairy land in the State. 'Ten acres
of land on the extreme end of Cock Robin
Island, belonging to the Andreaeon place
has been carried away. More than 12
Inches of rain has fallen.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
The Honolulu papers all comment at
great length on the news from "Washing
ton.. The Star advises Governor Dole to
go to Washington himself and see the
President, and both the Star and Adver
tiser claim that the cause of any possible
intention on the part of Roosevelt to re
tire Dole is a long campaign of unfounded
charges and irresponsible misrepresenta
tions at Washington. The Star says of
Dole that he "has risked his fortune, his
liberty, aye, his life itself, to establish
this country upon a true American basis.
His reward, after he has succeeded, has
been to be hounded, traduced and ma
ligned."
The Bulletin . says that Parker is a
peace candidate, and claims to have a
dispatch stating that his appointment was
to be sent to the Senate on February 6.
It says that the appointment , of Parker
means an "end to the oligarchy which
President Dole took along with him /when
he became Governor." The paper adds
that, harmony under Dole is impossible.
"The appointment of Parker ought to put
an end to the home rule movement," says
the Bulletin. , : .
*: The Advertiser says that the report
from Washington is the climax of a cam
paign which has been , "a systematic and
constant stream of insinuations, misrep
resentations and false charges against
Governor Dole bruited in "Washington and
dinned into the. ears of the President,
Cabinet, Senators. Representatives and
subordinate officials. If the derogatory
statements that have been made to the
President are true, the sooner Governor
Dole Is removed the better. , But every
one here knows that they • are not true
that: Governor Dole is an upright, Chris
tian gentleman, the soul of honor, : of
spotless integrity. ; affable to a rare*de
gree; the one. man who could have suc
cessfully piloted Hawaii through the
stormy period from 1893 to 1898, and who
made 1 'Americanism , possible . here."
Honolulu Press Comment.
George Carter seems to be very nerv
ous at the situation in which he is placed.
His father was of the old missionary
families and the son has trained with
them. He has always been a Dole man
and an annexationist, but now seems pre
pared to speak against Dole and suggest
Baldwin for. Governor, who is acceptable
to .-e business interests. It is said if
Governor Dole had not been so consid
erate of all the native Hawailans in re
taining them in me public offices, but
had turned them out and given their jobs
to Republicans, mere never would have
been a murmur against him or his admin
istration. No matter who succeeds him,
should any change be made, he will be
the butt of the "outs" within a ¦ few
months, Just as Dole has been.
It is a fact not knowri here that Rear
Admiral Robley D. Evans made a report
to the President after his recent stay of
ten days in Honolulu. This report was
not- favorable, to the Governor, but
"Fighting Bob" is not Known to have con
sulted any people with large interests at
stake in the Territory, but rather to have
gathered his information from the loung
ers in the. hotel lobbies.. . v
•''Admiral Evans Investigated.
An Old Political Battle.
It Is one of the old political battles, for
which Honolulu has been, famous for
more than a couple of decades. It is as
serted that the only cause for complaint*
against the Governor is his refusal to
call a special session of the Legislature
to authorize a bond issue. Experience
with the Legislature in its former, ses
sion did not show any tendency on the
part of the natives, who are in control,
to do more than waste time and money.
Taxation, moreover, is frightfully high
and nobody would appreciate an increase
In this direction. Outside of this one
reason, there is nothing of an official or
personal nature - that can be charged
against the Governor, say his supporters,
and the "outs" form a mugwump section
of the Republican party, who have be
come sore simply because they are the
"outs."
Already there is a tendency to talk of
a compromise candidate, and J. B. Ather
ton, a friend of- Dole and a man who is
largely interested in the sugar business,
has led the way and expressed his will
ingness to support any man for Governor
who will be acceptable to both factions
of the Republican party in order to re
store harmony in its ranks. •
Carter, it is understood, will go to
Washington prepared with such a name —
that of H. P. .Baldwin, manager. of a large
plantation and one of the wealthy men
of the Territory.. Parker will be recom
mended for Secretary, and not Governor,
while the office of Treasurer is slated for
W. R. Farrington, editor of the Bulletin,
who has been the vigorous opponent of.
the Government's faction. - " .
Governor Dole told The Call correspon
dent this morning that he had not re
ceived any request for his resignation,
I nor had any desire for it been hinted at,
! as the dispatches stated. The Governor
said he only wished that President Roose
velt .would send Secretary Hitchcock, or
some other gentleman In whom he has
equal confidence, to Honolulu to make a
' thorough investigation of political condi
tions, and' he is perfectly willing to abide
by the result. This is the way that all
the Governor's friends feel.
HONOLULU, Feb. 7.— George R. Car
ter,'aon..of a former Hawaiian Minister to
"Washington, has been asked by President
Kocsevelt for his views upon the political
situation in Hawaii, and Carter leaves
for "Washington on Tuesday, February 11,
by the Oceanic Company's steamer Sono
ma. ' He should arrive in San Francisco
on -Monday, February 17.
Previous!} Carter had received a tele
gram from Samuel Parker asking him to
meet the latter in San. Francisco "at the
.President's request." Not understanding
the purport of the message, Carter re
mained at homel Now, however, he feels
it his duty to report in person to Mr.
Roosevelt, and during the few days he is
here he will be gathering the views of
both the opponents and friends of Gov
ernor Dele, so as to be in a position to
place them before the President..
Parker's avowal in Chicago that he is
to succeed Dole as Governor of Hawaii
has aroused the whole community, and
the hot-pot of politics is fairly seething
over. The "ins" are gloomy and the
"outs" feel expectant.
Special ¦ CorresDondence of The Call.
Prince of Monaco Is on Hand to
Eescue the Young Brazilian
From Waters Near
2£onte Carlo.
Waters Sweep ~ Away Ten Bridges
J Between Hydesville and Blocks
.burg and Ferry Service •
Ouide Rope Becomes En
tangled in the Craft's
, : Propeller.
H. P< Baldwin; a Plantation Manager,
May Be Made Chief Executive
and Samuel Parker
Secretary.
Talk of a Compromise Can-
for Governor to
.Succeed Dole.
Torrents' Are Cutting Deeply
Into Dairy Lands Along
Their Banks.
Humboldt County Rivers
Encroach Upon the
Ranches.
Inventor Santos-Dumont
Has a Serious Ac
cident.
President Summons Sen
ator Carter of Hawaii
to Washington.
AERONAUT'S
SHIP DROPS
INTO A BAY
HEAVY LOSS
BY STORM
AND FLOOD
SEEKS LIGHT
ON POLITICS
OF ISLANDS
ALDEN CLUB VALENTINE RECEPTION
PROVES SUCCESS IN EVERY DETAIL
Many Friends of Local Branch of the International Sunshine
Society Throng Rooms and Contribute Toward Fund
Which Will Be Used to Garry on Charitable Work
2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15^ 1902.
To Cure Grip in 1vioTia.js:'
Laxati ve 'i'Bromo-'Qui nine*: removes u the cause.'
iE. W.: Grove's signature on every box. • ,
l)ragged*Down
Feeling
In the loins.
Nervousness, unrefreshlng sleep, despon-
dency. :
', It is time you were doing sometnlng. v
¦ The kidneys were . anciently called the
reins— in your case they are holding to;
reins and driving you Into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparitld
Acts with the most direct, beneficial eCect
on the.tidneys.' It contains the best and
safest substances for correcting and toning
tnese organs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fluttering or irregular pulsa-
tions are an indication of weak-
ness of the nerves or muscles
of the heart. A weakness long
continued produces deformity
and organic disease, If your
heart adion is weak, make it
strong. Build up the muscles
and strengthen the nerves with
the greatest of all heart reme-
dies, Dr. Miles' Heart Cure. !
"The least exertion or excite-
ment caused my heart to throb
and nound and I had smothering
spells, pain and palpitation.
Three bottles of Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure overcame all these disturb- ]
ances and made me welL"
Mes. J. A. Couts, , m
Upper Sandusky, Ohio. ' *§
D*. Miles' 4
Hea*t Cttte ,
quiets the nervous heart, regu-
lates its pulsations . and builds
up its strength as nothing else
can. Sold by druggists on a
guarantee. 'j
. Pr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ini
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND. *
oliffF
SECRETOUT.
The Great Trainer Put
His Faith in Nerves.
ENDURANCE HE WANTED!
The ablest manager of professional ath-
letes In the world. Thomas O'Rourke of
New York City, writing to the proprie-
tors of Paine' a Celery Compound on Jan-
uary 11, said:
"One of the most important features in
the training of an athlete is to invigorate
his nervous system, and nothing: ever
takes the place of Palne's Celery Com-
pound to accomplish this! It facilitates
getting a man In prime condition. In my
experience in handling athletes I have
never found anything equal to it."
This from a man of whom the most
wonderful champion In the world said,
when one of Mr. O'Rourke's pupils had
won the -world's championship: "The se-
cret of O'Rourke's success I cannot un-
derstand. "Wonderful endurance and an
inexhaustible supply of nerve force dis-
tinguishes the men he coaches from their
opponents in every battle."
For the past eleven years Mr. O'Rourke
has been recognized as the greatest
trainer In the world. "While he was
coaching George Dixon, that young ath-
THOMAS I 1 . CROXJRKE.
lete was the world's champion. Sharkey,
who was at first a rough and tumble
giant, under O'Rourke's training devel-
oped Into an even-tempered, hardy, strong,
rugged boxer.
The above unsolicited words from Mr.
O'Rourke, who, by the way, has been the
owner of the Broadway Athletic Club,
the Lenox Club, the Coney Island Club
and Royals Golf Club, and who is known
to ba one of the finest gentlemen among
the devotees of the manly art. tell the
whole story. He found In Palne's Celery
Compound nature's food for the nerves.
"While this remedy has affected . thou-
sands of cures among those who are sick,
and has restored to healthy life innum-
erable men and women whose nervous
systems have been shattered, and who
were suffering from the symptoms of the
beginning of a deep-rooted impairment of
the nervous system— it is worth noting
that even in those exhausting contests
where absolutely perfect nerves are pre-
eminently needed, this remedy has also
been found equally as beneficial in re-
pairing the exhaustion due to the high
training.
If such men, who require above every-
thing else — above muscles (which cannot
develop without good nerves) ; above cour-
age, which no man with weak nerves
ever had— who require above everything
else perfect nerves— If such men have
found it necessary to feed the nerves and
brain with the food nature requires— it is
good proof that this greatest of all reme-
dies, the discovery of one of America's
ablest professors, accomplishes all that is
claimed for It.
Every man or woman whose nervous
system is not in perfect condition will
find that this remeay will make it so!
No other remedy In the world was ever
so universally acknowledged by physi-
cians, and all those who have manly and
womanly development in hand to be so
perfectly adapted to cases of falling
health and lagging vitality.
Skeens Painless Strloturo Cur* eradicate* cvcrj
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from t£*
start, allaying inflammation and enlargemenl
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No ratting, dilating, dragging or bougies. Wt
positively guaranta* a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in aver? case, and you caa
Pay When Cured.
We ffittn just what we say, and it costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
¦ plication to the affected part*, and i* absolutclj
i harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, ta
' any address, onr interesting book, " An Honest
, Talk;' containing many testimonials, also, *
COPC 15 DAYS*
: r fC U EL TRIAL TREATMENT.
; D. A. SIEEH CO.122 Atlas Bank Bldg., Cincinnati^
, — . . — , — — — — — — .
' GRS CHICHISTCR-S ENSUSH
yjrStjgspAYE. Alw«» rouble. tSdS^rtDr^jirt
&&«§& .** CHICHKSTEK-S KXCLJHH
fc'NLi^i^^vJa RE» and Gold iu«t»ajo box*.. *¦*:*&
1?7 1 £ s » \C)I |>"«e«roB« »a!>*t1tBa<mi sad Inlta*
I L ' W "***• B»7«ry«flrDr«c«l»t.orMBd4e.la
. «A. y turn M +11. 1O.0OO Tntlmonlikli. 9oldt>>
„ ¦ 7^ ' ' •" DmijUti. Cklchestsr Chemical C«,
£s^&&s3£<La remedy for Gonorrhoea .
1 n r-?&33 Gleet. Spormatorrhaa,
&*W CUHES >"SJ Whites, unnatural dia-
* /raffl bil to 5 diys. «i eharsoa, or any lnfliunni*«
fffifj* Gaor»cteed. to ** tioa, irritation or nlcera-
l nZZf Pi«T«t eont^gUn. «on of mncons =">™-
Sbv^a. r n \> branes. >on-astrlageo'«
t l»W H - Ews S CHEMlCAttO. s,,,,, 5 - jynggliZ.
I V^^CINCINSATI.O E3£» ot sent , n pIain wrapper.
y 1*&§®K V -*' X -Jg$* *? express, prepaid, , fS
» $1-00. or 3 bottle*. tl.>\
'«^S?@r^ 0 a Circular sent oa request.PHOENIX, ArlzV Feb. 14.— A man named
Watson left here last night, accompanying- a
special stock train en route to California. At
Glla Bend he fell under the cars and both leg*
were cut off. He was taken to Tucson.
locations have prestige over placer loca
tions in case of a contest, the quartz
claimant must show that a ledge of
quartz that would pay for the working
of it exists on the disputed claim if he
would hope to be successful. So an
nounced Judge Sweeny in the Superior
Court this afternoon in virtually giving
a decision to the plaintiff at the conclu
sion of the trial of the case of Benjamin
Hart against Martin Hofstad, which has
the attention of mining men.
Hofstad filed a quartz notice on-Harf-a
rich placer claim In the Old Diggings dis
trict and suit to quiet title was brought.
Although a decision was not rendered.
Judge Sweeny said that the quartz claim
ant had failed to make the showing in
regard to a ledge . that he considers tha
I law renders necessary.
Court's Opinion in a Suit Brought to
Oust Holder of Placer
Location.
. REDDING, Feb. 14.— Although quarta
MUST PROVE A PAYING
QUARTZ LEDGE EXISTS
It Is a long: document and one of Its
features is the clear and concise presenta
tibn of the facts regarding the Santiago
fight as given the President by the cap
tains engaged in that battle, who recently,
were summoned to the White House to
confer with him. The decision Is couched
In the President's characteristic vigorous
tone.
The President has given a good deal of
attention to the matter, and it Is under
stood that in the course of a few days,
probably by the middle of next week, he
will be ready to announce his conclusions.
Members of the Cabinet are extremely
reticent as to what the President's views
are, beyond the statement that his deci
sion undoubtedly will clear the atmos
phere somewhat upon many of the in
volved questions. t
The President outlined his views on the
Schley case by reading the first draft of
his decision. Some modifications were
made in it, and in view of the fact that it
is subject to further and possibly impor
tant changes in the text, members of the
Cabinet back their indisposition to dis
cuss it by the assertion that It is unsafe
at this time to predict what its exact ef
fect will be.
WASHINGTON, T*eb. 14,-One of th«
principal subjects discussed at the Cabinet
meeting to-day was the reply which tha
President will make to the appeal of Ad
miral Schley.
President's Reply in the
Schley Case Will Be
Vigorous.
TERSE DECISION
IS EXPECTED
VANCOUVER, B.C., Feb. ! 14.— A - special
from . Ottowa. Ontario, says: "The; t-White Pass
Railway : has accepted ; the . tariff prepared by
Mr.-< Tifgrln; • traffic ¦ manager: of the - Govern
ment railways, with a few. slight modifications/
Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry, and Private "Wil
liam E. Dillon, Company L, Thirtieth Volunteer
Infantry. • for . gallantry In action
aif Alacan Mountain, Luzon; "Sergeant Ernest
B. Hamilton, Company E. Thirtieth Volunteer
Infantry, for distinguished gallantry In action
at Rio Maasln, Luzon; Corporal William R.
Sullivan, Company E, Thirtieth Volunteer In
fantry, and Privates Christopher Robson, Com
pany E, Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry, and
Maurice E. FJye,. Company E. Thirtieth
Volunteer InfOTitry, for distinguished gal
lantry in action at *Rlo Maasln, Luzon.
Gallant men in Luzon.
Private ' Charles E." Umbarg-er. Conppany E,
Thirty-second -Volunteer Infantry., for - dis
tinguished gallantry In action near Llano, Her
mosa, Luzon; Private Lorenzo D. Donaldson,
Company F, I Thirty-second Volunteer Infantry,
for distinguished gallantry . in action at Abu
•cay. Luzon; Private George Case, Company
B, Thirty-second Volunteer Infantry, for con
spicuous gallantry in action at Vigan, Luzon;
Private - Emll P. Kelm. Company H, Thirty
third Volunteer Infantry, and James L. Chap
pelle, artificer. Company A, Thirty-second Vol
unteer»Infantry, for distinguished gallantry In
action near Lungeden, Luzon; Corporal . Fred
Carr, Company O, . Thirty-fourth Volunteer In
fantry, for distinguished gallantry^ in action
at -San Qulntin . Pass. Luzon; Corporal Fred
Ladsbaugh, - Company K. Thirty-ninth Volun
teer \ Infantry, •- for • distinguished -gallantry in
action near Tanauan. Luzon; Private John
Burns, Company G, Forty-third Volunteer In
fantry,- for distinguished gallantry ; in action
at Napora, Samar; First . Sergeant W. J
Brlckey, Company H. Forty-seventh Volun
teer ". Infantry, for distinguished ' gallantry - In
action near Malabeg, Luzon; Private John A."
Weimar, " Company B, Thirty-third Volunteer
Infantry, for conspicuous gallantry in action
at Vigan, Luzon; Sergeant George ,W. Wilklns
Company G, > Thirty-ninth Volunteer Infantry!
for distinguished gallantry ' in i action at San
Cristobal ¦ River, ¦ near Calamba. Luzon.
• China— Sergeant A. . S. Bernhelm, Ninth In
fantry,'for distinguished gallantry in battle at
Tientsin, in '< voluntarily carrying messages
across a. wide and fire-swept space and return-
Ing to his command; Sergeant John Pleasant.?
Ninth ' Infantry, ditto; Private J. A. Corning'
Sixth ' Cavalry, > for gallant ; service in : an en
gagement -with Chinese troops at Chang-Dlng-
Chow, China. In entering an lnclosuro first and
singly engaging several soldiers In a hand-to
hand conflict; Privates John Gallagher, Ninth
Infantry, and -T. i B.' Hickman. Ninth Infantry,
for distinguished service in the battle of Tien
tsin, in* assisting two other comrades — one of
.whom was killed at the time — in rescuing his
color sergeant,, -who lay -wounded- under heavy
lire; > Private John H. < Porter," Ninth Infantry
for distinguished service at Tientsin In sacrll
flclng - his , life In endeavoring x to gave his
wounded color sergeant. Private W.-C; Price
Ninth Infantry, for distinguished gallantry In
battle of Tientsin, in digging and * construct
ing: a traverse for the -protection; of a wound
ed - officer -^while -. under a severe fire at " short
range. ' ' ¦' ; ' - -
SALT LAKE, Utah. Feb. lt-A special
to the Tribune from Washington Bays
that the Oregon Short Line has filed maps
for a new railway between Garfleld and
Leamington, Utah. The new line between
these two towns will effect a saving of
seventeen miles, cut out heavy grades
end curves and will do away with a dozen
.bridges. The cut-off Is intended to be
t!sed as the main line to Los Angeles and
•will be built in the most thorough man
r.er. This is one of the most Important
pieces cf work to be undertaken this
year by the Short Line. : I '-<•
Short Line Has New Project.
There was a sequel to Wheeler's speech
later in the day when Grosvenor secured
Amid great confusion and cries of regu
lar order Boutell of Illinois said the
criticism made on the head of one of our
great departments should not go unan
swered. No man in recent -years, he de
clared, to the rattle • of Republican ap
plause, had reflected such credit. on our
diplomatic affairs as the present head of
the State Department.
Boutell closed with a declaration that
he could not sit silent while attacks were
being made upon a man who had shed
luster upon our diplomacy. The excite
ment occasioned by Wheeler's speech then
subsided and the consideration of pension
bills was resumed.
Grosvenor— On : the contrary, he came
under another name and the attendant
that was with him came Incognito also,
coming as a mere private citizen, and was
taken charge of by the Government dur
ing his entire stay In the United States
and dined at the White House by a Dem
ocratic President, at the time when Dem^
ocracy meant something. ; -
Wheeler— If the gentleman Is correct
then I condemn in unmeasured terms the
attitude of that Democratic administra.
tion.
Wheeler— That is a very different thing.
(Laughter and derisive cries on the Re
publican side.) We received him not as
we are receiving ' this man, if I recollect
rightly, but he came as the offlcialhead
of his Government
Wheeler — Xo, I would have been proud
to join in the commission to welcome the
Marquis Lafayette. He was a great sol
dier, a great fighter and fought for the
rights of the American people. (Applause.)
But this man represents tftat kingism or
flunkyism that seeks to enslave the labor
of every people under the sun. :', ¦
Glllett of Massachusetts — Does . the gen
tleman criticize the " Democratic adminis ¦
tratioa of Buchanan in receiving the
Prince of Wales?
Grosvenor of Ohio — If the gentleman
had been ¦ living at the time Lafayette
came to this country bearing the commis
sion of the King at France would he have
overruled the action of George Washing
ton in sending a commission to meet him
and accompanying him over the country?
Grosvenor Takes a Hand.
"I am only restrained from discussion
of what I regard as the most unfortunate
incident by the ordinary amenities which
should obtain between one gentleman and
another. I allude to the' fact of the oppor
tunity seized by the chief citizen of the re
public to send a member of his family
across the water for the purpose of par
ticipating lu the coronation of a King.
"I shall not discuss that, because it of
necessity Involves matters I do not care to
go Into here. I will, in passing, say that
it is a mofct unfortunate circumstance. . It
Is unprecedented In' our history and Is to
day deeply lamented on the part of every
country-loving man In the republic. I am
sorry he -did it. It Is establishing a pre
cedent that he ought not to recognize, and
it is but one moro link In the chain show
ing toward what end we are drifting.
"One other matter I wish to advert to.
In the next few days we .are to have a
brother of a ruler come over to this coun
try and take charge of a little tug, vessel
or yacht, whatever you please to term It,
built by some people up in New York. We
are appropriating thousands of dollars
and the Anglomanjacs and the European
maniacs are falling over each other to get
to see a little Dutchman' come over and
take charge of a little ship. (Applause on
the Democratic side.) What difference
does It make whether he Is a Prince Hen
ry or not? There are thousands of citi
zens of this republic following the plow
as noble, as honest, as intelligent ad
Prince Henry or Prince anybody : else.
(Applause on the Democratic side.) Why
do the American people give heed to this
foolish and disgraceful flunkyism enacted
by the present administration? What dif
ference does it make to us whether he is
a brother of the Emperor?"
the Booner we are rid of him the better it
will be.
The House then proceeded wllh the con
sideration of pension bills, 125 of which
were passed in thirty-two minutes, which
is the record since the Fifty-first- Con
gress for_ speed. •'¦ At 3:50 p. m the House
adjourned until Monday. . ¦
"I protest^ in the name of Democracy
and' Republicanism," said . he "not
against the Reception of this German, if
heJs-not a Dutchman-and it is certainly
not a. badge of dishonor to beaDutchman;
nor is it a badge of dishonor to be a Ger
man—I Protest against the official recep
tion of this German.', I object to the re
public of^the United States undertaking
to play the. flunky, at the feet of a little
German Prince, and I object to the
s Unlted States sending emissaries : abroad
to whistle their fingers and dance at
tendance-at the antechamber of some
Britisher because he is going to "wear the
trown. ' .
- Grosvenor described at some length the
visit of the Prfnce of Wales, In 1860 his
tour^of , the country, the honors showered
upon him by "President Buchanan, who.
he said, rushed out of the White House
and met him with extended arms, as if
he had. been "the/ traditional • prodigal
son, and the state dinner accorded" him
The Prince _was but a boy, he said, 'and
the honor done • him was honor only to
the royal blood in his veins. ¦ As to the
vlslt^oi: Prince Henry, he was a brother
of he .German Emperor. He was not
a Dutchman, but a Teuton, a German
He was an admiral of the German nayv
the same who had been sent to Manila
to protect German interests, and when
one of his, ships got in the way. Dewey
had informed hjm that If the ship did not
get put of the way in short order there
would be trouble.
"Then he took it away like a - gentle
man, . remarked Grosvenof , amid laugh
' Whe^er secured five, minutes in which
to answer Grosvenor. .
Grosvenor then took up Wheeler's
speech, reading from it 'the term "Little
Dutchman," which Wheeler had' applied
to Prince Henry, and his remarks about
his indifference to the good -will of the
German people. Grosvenor commented
upon this language, saying that while the
gentleman might be indifferent now as to
the goodwill of the Germans, it would
be. different "late: in the fall when per
simmons were ripe." . ; .
The Prince Is a German.
"So far as the young lady Is con
cerned," he added, "I can tell the gentle
man one thing. One thing she would give
him a great deal of trouble If she would
get into a debate with him as to the pro
priety of her going." (Applause and
laughter.) - . .
"Oh, If it is simply a matter of a young
girl going to the coronation of a gentle
man and a lady," observed Grosvenor, "I
will not pursue It."
Just at the' time, when the American
people were to be put to the test as to
whether they were gentlemen it was most
unfortunate that this protest should come
against. the reception of Prince Henry.
,The speech of the gentleman from Ken
tucky, would be exploited In Europe to
morrow, on the eve of the Prince s de
parture, as the message of the American
people to their guest.
Wheeler Interposed at this point to say
that he should gladly welcome any gen
tleman from abroad; what he objected to
was the official color to be given to the
visit. Then, as Grosvenor. proceeded to
read what he had feaid criticizing the
President for making a new precedent In
connection with the coronation of King
Edward, Wheeler interrupted to say that
while he had not desired to bring the mat
ter Into the discussion, what he had de
plored was ¦ the report that the President
intended to send a member of his family
to the coronation. ~ -
the floor and replied .at length to what
the Kentucklan had eaid. As to Wheeler's
denial of his statement regarding the>
visit of the Prince of Wales in 1860, Gros
venor declared that be personally could
bear witness to the truth of his assertion,
for he himself had seen the Prince when
he first Bet foot on American soil at Ni
agara. As a young man he had listened
to the Prince's speech, he said, with great
interest.
Continued From. fP ago One.
\ At 3 o'clook,' under special order," the
Senate began consideration of private
pension bills. In fifty-five minutes the
calendar was cleared of pension bills, 127
being passed.
A bill was passed authorizing the Presi
dent to appoint William B. Franklin, for
merly colonel of the Twelfth United
States Infantry, as a colonel, and then
place him on the retired list with that"
rank. V, ;
Another measure was passed granting
right of way through Oklahoma Territory
and Indian Territory to the Enid and
Anadarko Railroad Company.
Penrose' presented resolutions express
ing the sorrow of the Senate at the death
of the late Representative M. A. Brosius.
Eulogies were pronounced by Penrose,
Gallinger, McComas and Spooner, and the
Senate at 5 o'clock adjourned.
WASHINGTON.Feb. 14.— A Uttle flurry
was created in the Senate to-day, over
the employment since the beginning of
the session of a score or more ,of extra
clerks and messengers to committees. The
charges ; of extravagance made induced
the ' reference of the . whole subject of
clerical employment to a committee for
Investigation and report.
The bill creating a permanent census
bureau was under consideration for a
time, but was. not disposed of finally. A
large number of private pension bills
were passed. The bill to provide for a
permanent census office was taken up.
Allison, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, made an argument
against the , committee amendment in
creasing the salary of the director of the
census • from $3000 to $7500 per annum.
Quarles : made a vigorous defense of the
amendment. Allison moved to make the
director's salary $6000 Instead of J75C0.
This was rejected— 15 to 32.- The commit
tee amendment was adopted.
Charges of Extravagance
• Call for an Investi-
YOUTH WHO SAVED THE
LIVES OF TWO GIRLS AT A
FIRE. ;
SENATE FEARS
COIN IS WASTED
.James Mclntyre,' Company B, First South Da
kota Volunteer Infantry, and Private Pat Hussey,
Company B, , First I North Dakota Volunteer In
fantry, for most distinguished gallantry -at San
Miguel de Mayuamo, Luzon, May- 13,, 1699,' and
for most distinguished ; gallantry in , a charge
across, a burning, bridge in the face of. 500 of
the enemy at Cabon River; Private Frank Ross,
Company H, I First Dakota Volunteer Infantry;
Corporal -William F." Thomas.. Company. K,
First North > Dakota .; Volunteer - Infantry." and
Private John- Killion," Company H, First North
Dakota' Volunteer ' Infantry ,v for most <di£tln
gulshed gallantry in; a" charge against a burn
ing bridge in the face of 800 of. the enemy at
Cabon '¦¦ River ; : Corporal . Frank - Wallack, Com
pany; H.' Third Infantry, for i most conspicuous
¦ gallantry In action near Tibasuin, i Luzon ; Pri
vates -Ernest s Stokee,". 1 Company^. B, ;Twenty
fourth" Infantry;' Amos , H.\ Stuckney." Company
H, Twenty- fourth* "Infantry; Benjamin H.
Goode. > Company \ H, Twenty-fourth Infantry:
L.. J.- Clark,- Company H,' Twenty-fourth Infan
try, and Corporal John H. Johnson, Company H."
Twenty-fourth Infantry. • for most. distinguished
gallantry In action at Haeuillan, Luzon; Musi
clan.:Leo Speaker," Company E, Thirty-fifth
Volunteer. Infantry," for most 'distinguished gal
lantry In 'action at the Quinga River; Sergeant
Fred : J. : Leichman, Company: M, Thirty-eighth
Volunteer • Infantry. " for • most * conspicuous » gal
lantry; in action : near "San" Juan - • de ."; Bocboc, 1
Lusoa; : Private Robert H. ( Smith, Company L,
Charge ° on • Burning Eridge.
Cuba— Corporal William H. Flnnerty, ' Com
pany E, Second Infntry, for most distinguished
conduct * at . Santiago, " Cuba; Private Gray B.
Brlttain, Company E,' Second Infantry; Leslie
G. Shelter, Company ¦ K. • 'Second Infantry;
Thomas S. .Williams, Company E, Second In
'fantry. ¦ ¦ ¦ < • ¦
• Philippines— Private Ora Platt, Hospital
Corps, U. 8. A. , - for conspicuous : gallantry ;, in
action at '.Bubung;. First-class. Private David
D. Flannery, Signal Corps, for distinguished
gallantry in action at Big, Bend,' Luzon; Pri
vate Leon Crowell, Company B,- Fourth • Infan
try, • for conspicuous gallantry in action . near
Das • Marinas. Luzon; Sergeant ' Fred Johnson,
Troop I, Eleventh Volunteer. Cavalry, for dis
tinguished'gallantry in 'action near Tiaon, Lu
zon ; Corporal Spencer K. - Llpscomb, . Company
G, Fourteenth Infantry, lor distinguished gal
lantry in action near Manila; '.Corporal Martin
Burkart, Companj* F,' Twenty-second Infantry,
for distinguished gallantry in action near
Mount Corona, Luzon; Corporal Fred J. Winter,
Company ' F, . Twenty-second- Infantry, for dis
tinguished', gallantry in action at . Mount Co
rona; Sergeant Major Ernest : Wager, Thirtieth
VolunteerTlnfantry, for distinguished gallantry
in action at Dlngin, — 'Luzon; First Sergeant
Charles C. • Richmond, • Company L, Thirtieth
Volunteer; Infantry: Corporal William F. : Mi 1
l ,- er Company- L, Thirtieth .Volunteer Infantry;
William ¦ R. i Cooks,: Company L, , Thirtieth ; Vol
unteer Infantry, for distinguished gallantry ' in
action on Alacan : Mountain, : Luzon ; Sergeant
Henry .Williams, Company I, -¦ Thirty-ninth
Volunteer Infantry; Private . Milton ¦ McCoy,
Hospital Corps, U. S. A. ; Corporal -William H.
Ploog, Company- 1, '.Thirty^nlnth Volunteer In
fantry, Tor.: distinguished > gallantry : In . action
near Santa Clara,. Luzon; Private- Ell L. .Wat
kins,. Troop G, Fourth Cavalry. ¦
No .medals will . be issued in the cases
of those -recommended for medals and
who have' since died. '
- The certificates of merit list follows:
Captain Louis B. Lawton, 'Twenty-sixth"
United States Infantry, for most distinguish
ed gallantry in the battle of Tientsin, China,
July 13, 1000. in carrying a message and get
ting reinforcements across a ' wido and fire
swept space, during " w-hlch he was ; thrice
wounded; this while serving as first lieutenant
and battalion adjutant ' Eighth Infantry.
. Musician Calvin P. Titus. Company B, Four
teenth Infantry (since appointed cadet at the
United States Military Academy), for gallanr
and daring conduct at the battle of Peking,
China August 14, 1900, in the presence of his
colonel and other officers and enlisted men of
his regiment, in being the first to scale the
wall of the Chinese city, while serving as mu
sician, Company E.- Fourteenth Infantry/
Good Service in China.
Private ¦William B. Trembley. Company B,
Twentieth Kansas Volunteer Infantry, for most
distinguished gallantry in action. . In swim
ming the Rio -Grande de Pampanga, in face of
the enemy's flre and fastening a rope to the oc
cupied trenches, thereby enabling the cross
ing of the river and. the driving of the enemy
from his fortified position; this: at Calumpit,
Luzon. P.- 1.,- April 27,^1899.- .' .
Private Edward White. ' Company B. Twen
tieth Kansas Volunteer Infantry; ditto.
Sergeant Amos Weaver," Company F, Thirty
sixth Volunteer Infantry, for most conspicuous
gallantry in action, in charging, alone and
unaided, a . body tot', fifteen Insurgents, dislodg
ing them, .killing four and wounding several;
this in a fight between Calumpit and Magalong.
P. I.. November 5. 1698.
Corporal James B. Gillenwater,' ¦ Company A,
Thirty-sixth j Volunteer Infantry, for most dis
tinguished gallantry In action in defending and
driving off a superior force of insurgents, and
with the assistance, of one 'comrade, bringing
from the field of action the bodies of two com
rades, one killed and the other severely wound
ed; this while on a ecout-near Porac. Luzon,
P.- 1.. September S, 1899.
Private Thomas I. Sletteland, Company G,
First North Dakota ¦¦ Volunteer Infantry, for
most distinguished gallantry in action near
Paete. Luzon. P. I.. April 12. 1809, where.' sin
gle-handed and : alone, he defended his dead
and wounded comrades against a greatly su
perior force of the enemy.
Private Cornelius J. Leahy. Company A,
Thirty-sixth Volunteer Infantry, for most dis
tinguished : gallantry in action near Paete, Lu
zon. P. I., "April 12. 1899. where, single-handed
and alone, he defeneded his dead and: wounded
comrades against a greatly superior force of
the enemy.
Private ¦ Cornelius J. Leahy, Company A.
Thirty-sixth Volunteer Infantry (killed in ac
tion); in defending and driving oft a superior
force of Insurgents and with the assistance of
one comrade bringing: from the field -of action
the bodies of two comrades, one killed and the
other severely wounded;. this while on a scout
near Porac, Lueon, P. I., September 3, 1899.
Sergeant John A. Huntsman. Company E,
Thirty-sixth -Volunteer Infantry, for distin
guished'bravery "and conspicuous gallantry in
action against- insurgents near Banban. Luzon.
P. I., November 0. 1899.
Sterling A. Gait, artificer. Company F. Thir
ty-sixth Volunteer Infantry; ditto.
Por Bravery at Calumpit.
neath the water: this near Taal, Luzon, P. I.,
January 18, 1900. . . :,
POLICY IN CREATING GOOD WILL OF EUROPEAN NATIONS
Mayor Schmitz's speech was short but to
the point. In accepting the medal, Frank
Gorman blushingly said he had not ex
pected a tribute of this kind. Fire Com
missioner Watt paid a high tribute to
young Gorman, as did the other mem
bers of the board.
nessy and Fernandez, Fire Commissioners
Rolla V. Watt, M. H. Hecht, J. H. Grady
and J. S. Parry, Supervisor R. J. Lough
ery, Captain Splllane of the Police Sta
tion and .the young ladies who were
saved. *.'.;.-¦? •¦' ..
Chief Sullivan and the Battalion Chiefs
of the Fire Department were alive to the
deed. They decided that Gorman shou'd
be rewarded and they had a handsome
medal struck off. Yesterday was the time
set for its presentation. Among those
who were present were Mayor Schmltz,
Chief Sullivan; Ae^istant Chief Dougher
ty, Battalion Chiefs Dolan, "Wills, Shaugh
_..... .......'.
A PLEASING ceremony -was per
formed in the rooms of the Board
Fire Commissioners yesterday.
Frank M. Gorman, the brave
young man who, at the risk; of
his life, rescued Miss Nelly I* Healy and
Miss Delia J. McGrath, who were im-,
periled by a fire at 244 Stevenson street on
election day, was presented with a hand
some grold medal as a reward for his
courageous act. The presentation, speech
was delivered by Mayor Schmltz in the
presence of city officials and leading citi
zens.
The deed was a brave one. A live wire
dropped Into a pile of fluffy feathers in
the pillow and 'mattress factory conduct
ed by E. R. Sullivan. In an instant the
entire building was in flames and the two
young" ladles were cut-off. They appeared
at the wipdow of the fourth floor and the
crowd in the street below shouted to them
to go down the fire escape. They started
to do so, but became frightened by the
flames that enveloped the Ironwork. Gor
man succeeded in reaching the fire escape,
and, despite the smoke and heat, aided
the crirls to reach a place of safety. It
was the act of a hero. ¦ .
' ¦ Private James • McConnell. Company B Thir
ty-third Volunteer : Infantry. - for extraordinary
gallantry,- in- action, .at Vigan, Luzon P I -
December 4. 1899, In fighting for hour's— lying
between two s dead comrades — notwithstanding
his hat was pierced, \ his • clothing : ploughed
through by bullets, his face cut and bruised by
flying gravel. , '• .-¦••., , . -, • .-
Private William MaeLay, Company A. Forty
third-Volunteer, Infantry. -for moat distinguish
ed eallantry In action at Hiloneas, Leyte, P.
I., j May.. 6, 1900;, in -charging an occupied bas
tion, saving the life 'of. an of fleer, in a hand
to-hand 'combat, and destroying the enemy
1.- Joseph ¦' A. •¦'. Nolan, artificer,- Company B For- .
ty-flfth - Volunteer Infantry, for most - distin
guished gallantry in action near Labo Luzon
P. I.. May 29. 1000, in voluntarily leaving shell
ter and at great personal. risk."- passing through i
the r. enemy's lines ; and \ bringing ; relief . to be
sieged comrades. \
i i Private Frank O. Walter. Company F. Forty-'
sixth -.Volunteer Infantry. ; for most conspicuous
bravery. under heavy; fire of the enemy. In res
ettles ' a : dyin? comrade, who , was i sinking, be-' i
Sergeant Claranc*. M.' Condon, Battery G
Third Artillery (now second lieutenant of ar
tillery), for most distinguished gallantry ¦ in
action near Calulute, Luzon, P. ¦ i November
5. 1898, . while in command. of a detachment of
four men, when . he charged and routed forty
entrenched Insurgents, .inflicting on them heavy
loss. ¦ ¦¦-.'. ¦ - . ¦ . .
-Private Charles Cawetzka. Company F Thlr
tieth > Volunteer Infantry, for most distinguish
ed gallantry in action near Sarlaya, Luzon P
I. August 23. 1900, where single-handed and
alone, • he defended a disabled comrade against
a greatly superior force of the. enemy.- -
Private ¦ Joseph Eppes. Company ¦ B • ' Thirty
third-Infantry, for- extraordinary galiantry in
action at -the defense , of -Vigan, • Luzon • P.I
December, 4,. 1899, where he discovered a party
of seventeen 1 Insurgents inside a wall climbed
to. the top of tho wall, covered v them' with his
gun; and forced :th*m to stack arms and sur
render. ¦>, ' -••-¦.' • :..».
Prlvata George M. Shelton, Company I
Twenty-third " Infantry, for most conspicuous
gallantry in action, in advancing alone under
heavy fire of the enemy and rescuing a wound
ed comrade; this at La Paz, Leyte P i
April 26. 1900. . -.,¦¦>¦:, I ~^' '
• Serjeant Charles W. Ray, Company I, Twen
ty-second Infantry, for. most distinguished gal
lantry in action, capturing a bridge with the
.detachment he commanded, holding It against
a superior force of the enemy, thereby enabling
an army to come up and cross; this near, San
Isidro, Luzon, P. I., October 1, 1899 -
Captain Harry Bell, Thirty-sixth Volunteer
Infantry, ' for most conspicuous gallantry Jn
action- near Porac, Luzon, P. i. ( ' October 17
1899, . in ' leading - a successful charge against
a superior force, ! capturing and dispersing the
enemy . and relieving ' other members of his
regiment from a perilous position.
First Lieutenant Arthur M. Ferguson Thirty
sixth Volunteer Infantry, : for most conspicuous
gallantry .in action, with nineteen men resist
ing and at close quarters defeating 300 of the
enemy near Looc, . Luzon, P. I., October 21,
1000. '.'''--.,.''. . "
Private Louis X. Gedeon, Company G, Nine
teenth Infantry, for most distinguished gal
laiitry in action; single-handed and alone he
defended . his mortally wounded . captain from
an ; overwhelming , force ; of • the enemy near
Mount Amla, Cebu, P. I.', -February 4, 1900.
Private Charles H. Pierce, Company'l Twen
ty-8eco€& Infantry, for most distinguished gal
lantry-.'In action, in holding a bridge from a
superior force 1 and fighting, though most se
verely wounded, until the main body came up
to cross; this near ' San Isldro Luzon PI
October 19. 1899. * ' '
Heroio Conduct Rewarded.
Private John C. • "Wetherby, Company L,
Fourth Infantry (died November 29, 1899, of
wounds received November 20, 1899), for most
distinguished gallantry in action. .While car
rying important orders, on the battlefield he
was desperately wounded and being unable to
walk erect < iwled far enough to deliver .his
orders ; this near Imus, Luzon; P. L , Novem
ber 20. 1809. -- >,, 4
. Sergeant Henry. F. Schroeder,". Company L,
Sixteenth Infantry, for most tf/stingulshed gal
lantry in action in defeating, with twenty-two
men. 400 insurgents, killing' thirty-six and
wounding ninety; this at Carig, P. I., Septem
ber 14. 1900. ¦ . v -
Second Lieutenant Allan J. Oreer, "Fourth
Infantry, for conspicuous gallantry in action,"
July 2, 1901, near Majaga, Laguna Province,
P. I., in charging alons an insurgent post with
his pistol, killing one, wounding two and cap
turing three Insurgents with rifles and equip
ment. ' :
Lieutenant Colopel James - Parker, Forty
fifth Volunteer Infantry (now major of cavalry
and assistant adjutant general), for most dis
tinguished gallantry in the defense of Vigan,
Luzon, P. I., December 4, 1899. while in com
mand of the garrison, where with small num
bers he repulsed a savage night attack by an
overwhelming force of the enemy, fighting at
close quarters in tho dark for several hours.
Captain Hugh J. McGrath, Fourth Cavalry
(since: deceased), : for most distinguished gal
lantry in swimming the San Juan River in the
face of the enemy's fire and driving- him from
his entrenchments, at Calamba, Luzon, P. 1.,
July 26, 1899. -
First Lieutenant Matthew A. Batson, Fourth
Cavalry (now retired), ditto.
Lieutenant Colonel William R. Grove, Thirty
sixth Volunteers, for most distinguished gal
lantry in action -near Porac, Luzon, P. I.,
September 9, 1899, where, in advance , of his
regiment, he rushed to the assistance of his
colonel, charging, pistol In hand, seven in
surgents and compelling surrender of all not
killed or wounded.
Philippine Islands^ — Captain ' Joseph W. Mat
thews, assistant surgeon i Thirty-sixth Volun
teer Infantry, for most distinguished gallantry
in action near. Labao, , Luzon, P. I., October
29, 1899. in attending wounded under a severe
fire of the enemy and seizing a carbine and
beating off an attack upon wounded officers
and men under his charge. - . .
Cuba — Edward' -Lee- Baker. Jr., sergeant
major, Tenth Cavalry, \ lor distinguished gal
lantry in action at Santiago, Cuba, July 1,
1898, in leaving cover and rescuing, under
fire, a wounded comrade from drowning in a
stream In front of Santiago. . '
The medal of honor list is as follows:
List of i ; Medal-Winners.
The certificates of merit are all awarded
to non-commissioned ofllcers and privates,
and of the total number of fifty-six four
are on .account of the Cuban campaign,
forty-five on account of the Philippine
campaign and seven on account or the
Chinese trouble. -.
The medal list shows few names of per
sons familiar to the public, perhaps the
most notable ones being those of Musician
Calvin P. Titus, who was tne first to scale
the wall at Peking,, and -who afterward
was sent to West jfoint, and lieutenant
Matthew A. Batson, who commanded the
Macabebe scouts. „ - r
Medals of honor will, be awarded 'in
thirty-three cases, of which ten go to .com
missioned officers and twenty-three to
non-commissioned ;' officers and privates.
Only one medal was awarded on account
of the Cuban service, two in the case of
the Chinese campaign and thirty in j the
Philippine war. .
As has been stated, "President Roosevelt
has approved the recommendations made
by the MacArthur board for rewards ,. of
brevet, j medals of honor and certificates
of merit, with the exception of the recom
mendation that Colonel | Theodore , Roose
velt be given the brevet rank of brigadier
general ' for valor and services at the
battle of San Juan Hill. The list of bre
vets will be made public' when it is sent to
the Senate. .?¦.
.-"..WASHINGTON,-. Feb. 14.— Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin to-day made public; the report
of : the army, board of which General. Mac-
Arthur was ' president, • appointed I to ! con
sider and report . ; the names 'of - ; officers
and "enlisted men of the army, who distin
guished thmselves during, the' recent cam
paigns in ; Cuba, China and ' the Philip
pines,'so as to entitle them, to the award
either . of medals of ;honor . or ; certificatea
of merit. The ofncersTecommended for
brevet-rank. for specially meritorious ser-.
vice during the same campaigns will T be
nominated to the Senate by the President
in the regular way. '-
Iffedals and Certificates 'of , Merit Ar«
Given to ' a " I«ar ge Number of . '
- : : ) : . Brave Men in the / ;
¦ Banks; '¦ ¦— ;: . ' ¦. . *
"No, they are not."
Senator Patterson asked how th© people
had been made peaceful in the first place—
whether this result had been accomplished
by first battering- them with the military
and then demonstrating to them by the
acts of the Commission the benefits of
American methods. The reply was that
not only the civil government but the
military forces had sought to impress
the adx-antage of American rule. Peace
had been secured by crushing- out the
guerrilla warfare which had had the effect
of establishing a system of terrorizing
with which the people in reneral did not
sympathize. That, however, the people
generally, at least in some provinces, did
not sympathize with the insurrection, he
would not attempt to say.
Senator Culberson — Is it true that under
the existing law they are not at liberty
to advocate an {dependent or & separate
form of government?"
Speaking of the general condition of the
pacified provinces. Governor Taft said
that In ail these provinces the people are
going about their usual avocations. In
one province not a hostile ehot had been
fired for two years.
Troops Are Still Needed.
For himself, he thought it would be de
sirable to contiue small detachments of
troops at convenient points all over the
islands for the purpose of preventing dis
order and violence and serving as a moral
restraint. In this connection. Senator
Lodge stated that the Secretary of "War
had informed him. that when present or
ders are carried into effect there will be
left in the island 1225 officers and 26,231
enlisted men.
Senator Culberson questioned the wit
ness as to the necessity of keeping as
many as 30,000 American troops in the
islands, and the latter replied that Cap
tain Allen estimated that with all the
provinces pacified, 15,000 American troops
would be sufficient.
"I am bound to add," he went on, "that
the difficulty of selecting judges who are
above reproach makes it certain that the
selection of jurors would lead to nothing
but corruption and injustice. We are try-
Ing to lead up to the jury system, but
the Filipino mind Is such as to render
the average Filipino Incapable of looking
impartially upon a question involving tho
rights of two persons. There was no jury
system under Spanish rule."
Governor Taft said that in the matter
of arrest and imprisonment of Filipinos
who had been in insurrection, but who
had later surrendered, there had been
some unquestioned trenching upon the
functions of the civil authorities by the
military forces.
Senator Culberson asked whether there
is any part of the archipelago the control
of which could be trusted to native troops^
and the witness replied that he did not
think that it would be advisable. "I
Bhould not like to have the responsibility
of recommending such a course," be said.
"The experiment never has been tried,
but in a country so recently in insurrec
tion. I should cay that to put a thousand
rines into the hands of natives would not
be wise."
Cannot See Two Sides.
Governor Taft said that Judge Ide, of
the Commission, had prepared the code
of laws of the islands, and that the labor
had been so severe that it materially
damaged his health. This code included
the treason act. There is no provision for
a jury, as 90 per cent of the people are too
ignorant to sit on a Jury.
Governor Taft said that In June of last
year the Commission had passed an act
organizing a system of judiciary for the
entire archipelago, creating a Supreme
Court and seven Justices and -creating
fourteen districts. On the Supreme Court
bench there are, he said, three natives
and four Americans, and he believed that
any State would be satisfied with such a
bench. Of the courts of first instance
in the district 6lx are presided over by
native Filipinos and the others by Ameri
cans.
Senator Lodge asked as to the means
for maintaining tranquility. The reply
involved a review of the legal system of
the islands at present as under the mili
tary government and also under the
Spanish rule.
•WASHINGTOX. Feb. 14.— Governor
Taft of the Philippine Commission to-day
continued his statement before the Senate
Committee on the Philippines concerning
conditions in that archipelago, with the
intention of discussing the degree of tran
quility In the pacified provinces, which,
he said, include all the provinces except
Tabayas, Samar and Batangas.
Adjutant General. Issues a
List / of Distinguished .
Soldiera
ators.
Judicial System in the Islands
Is Described to Sen-
Army/Heroes of the Late
War Receive Their
:Re wards.
Governor Taft Explains
Some Filipino De
linquencies. •
UNCLE SAM
REMEMBERS
THE VALOROUS
POOR JURORS,
THESE NATIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1902.
GORMAN IS GIVEN GOLD MEDAL
FOR HEROICALLY SAVING LIVES
Brave Young Man Wjio ¦¦ Rescued'^Miss Delia
J. McGrath: and • Miss V- Nellie L Healy
From a Burning- Building Is Rewarded
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
You can hardly Btraighten up, the
back feels so sore. There's a chance
that it is kidney "trouble," and that
-~~~^ is something which
it is dangerous to
W / Asm neglect. The best
[W^ medicine for disease
/V'-*^ltf\l \fJfy)°t the kid neys is
/ *&^^9Sr7^7 Dr - ? ier ce's Golden
/ xii»'«ll3Wl f / Ie<^^ ca^ Discovery.
fcrf \Z%& / T^ euse ofthismed-
AV*A \$3aii \ \ c^ ie resulted
\ liJ^J^y^ in some remarkable
\ y&Z^&kSl cures. It increases
\ the activity of the
blood-making
Iffl&film glands, purifies the
i&'Wn 1 G$ blood and relieves -
' m¥ HUffi tne V^^ 11^? from
Mg clogging itnpuri-
iw wilH • y 00 kno<tr th *t l
''US i*J have recently advised
i$9 fcPlll a young eentleman
J^| fcjRj who was safifering bsd-
/&fj &^f k-idncy &nd
C3X fir bladder diseise to try
*^ your 'Golden Medical
Discovery.' " writes Frank Starts, M. D., of
Flatonia, Fayette Co., Texas. "He bought four
bottles from our druggist here, and after he had
used the first bottle he began to improve. Sotne-
tiznes he was unable to walk ten 6teps; now he
can ride any horse without any pain in his back'
end he looks as well and sound as a young boy.
His age is only 28. He has suffered for nearl}'
three years, and se\^ral other doctors called the
case incurable, but I had confidence in Dr. R. V.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I have been
oSTcrcA one hundred dollars several times al-
ready for my Idnd advice, but I would not accept
it because I want everybody to know what Dr.
Pierce's famous medicine can do.
"This testimony is absolutely true, and the
reason I haven't mentioned the young gentle-
man's name is because he don't want to have
his name published."
Accept no substitute for "Golden
Medical Discover)'." The sole motive
for substitution is 'to enable the dealer to
make the little more profit paid on the
sale of less meritorious preparations.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets stimulate
the action of the sluggish liver. They
6hould always be used with w Discovery w
•wlien there is need of a laxative.
I Jj * 'Delicately formed and gently reared, women will j
|U< : |rV find, in all the seasons oftheir lives, as maids or wives / f^^^^^^$^-
1 iW^ '- OT mothers, that the one simple, wholesome remedy / -^^^S^ii^^ \ I
? W£%\{ V) which acts gently^ and pleasantly and naturally, and I^W^.'fMiMI
SjR%£ry wui( ?k ma y fce used witn trul y beneficial effects, under l^iSSf v
¥f S^fft^ J any conditions, when the system needs a laxative— is— '^^^l^^ «r^^a^ ¦
ll/ C V/- J Syrup of Fig-s. It is well known to be a simple com- £®w' M&?M^^\
|fv\j,C?) bination of. the laxative and carminative principles of JW%W/ <rS^I%S' \%V,
- JljSfc plants with pleasant, aromatic liquids, which are V^ST"
P^S" agreeable and refreshing- to thetaste and acceptable v^^AS^^@^^^^^%%^
||^ ; to the system when its gentle cleansing 1 Is desired. * "%%^
iMw^^ Many of the ills from which women suffer are^of *^^^ : ''* \^S
1^^^^ a transienfc nature an d do not come from any organic I^Pt^^^M il*j^> %k%*
i^^^ps'. trouble and it is pleasant to know that they yield so Jfll'
' ||)^'*** promptly to tho beneficial effects of Syrnp of Figs, ¦ijW'v'^v • w-'-f'-ii $$¥;
lilt I but when anything 1 more than a laxative is needed it ' .^:V' " *'¦'£& §p&&
WMlj is Vest to consult the faniily physician and. to avoid f4&&£
ri^^"^ tne old-time cathartics and loudly advertised nos- jf-llp^^^^w y*^" j&%$0§
H^^P truins of the present day. When one needs only to i^^^\l^^^. tij*^* J&MfMi
f&S^ remove the strain, the torpor,- the congestion, or 1 /^ j&$$M$
I^E~?v .similar ills, which attend upon a constipated condi- \W^§rk^?^^ A -2^?^^^
||| Ijt** 1 tion of tho system, use the true and gentle remedy— %^^^^^S« x^a^^'^-^y'
|||^-^ Syrnp of Figs— and enjoy freedom from the depres- 'w$$fe?$^ 128*^-^
i^^fi^ 8^ on ' * fl e aches and pains, colds and headaches, which C*^^^^^ \\r
jii^^ju. are due to inactivity of the bowels. .^^^^^^^»
S^^? Only those ATh0 tuy tlie & enuine SymP of Fi &s I
Pii^ml' can n °P e t0 ff et ts beneficial effects and as a guar- 'w^W^f^i^v,
P j! i-J~ antee of the excellence of the remedy the full name '
wffitl: of the. company— California Fig Syrup Co.— is \^'^^M i W-
iiyt^ printed on the front of every package and without v^^^ :^ 3 I^C^'--
|i(|^^> it any preparation offered as Syrup of Figs is fraud- *
|i^^^S ulcnt and should be declined. To those who know the %^^^^^\^^v'i:
pEvI^*" Q.uality of this excellent laxative, the offer of any "^^^^^W^^l^^S^
Iff W'' 81ll)sti " tute ' wn en Syrup of Figs is called for, is l^^^^"fi||s%F i ' i
1;M>- always resented by a transfer of patronage to some '"^^^r
ifff'Ti-, first-class drug establishment, where they do not 1^
life recommend, nor sell false brands, nor imitation
i'lf -^ remedies. The genuine article may be bonght of all -^^^^^^^^^it^-.
pA^) reliable druggists everywhere at 50 cents per bottle. .
-_^- - -
I Get a Good T
M$taja&Ma Xt C03t3 but 1IttIa
BsSreHHufsbz anj " mor e than
iCTjSnalfan a rea(^ y made one
feKyhS&g? and will give you
g^RSn9X/V far greater ser-
£ggtSR^|=TV\l vice and satlsfac-
Ex&!!£gl£2t&' tion — will look
ra&sa&jnfa better, hold its
shape longer and
|jSMt*SH|l^ will fit vour fig-
KsS&TcSia ure Properly.
Our term.
KgniS One Dollar
, &S tSJm make our suits
Rujgr ' Bd easy to buy.
mj figf Open U1I3 (Sat-
¦ *i f#\ urday) . evening
Sv^^^sfei Be sure of our
- - mi name and address , VGill Is Hade Commissioner.
HONOLULU. Feb. 7.— W. J. Robinson,
who has just been confirmed by the United
States Senate as a Judge of the First
Circuit, has resigned as United States
Commissioner of Judge Estee's court.
Judge Estee has appointed E. S. Gill 'of
the law firm of Gill & Farley, - former
editor of the Republican, to succeed Rob
inson.
Dividend for Prune-Growers.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 14. — President Woods
of the California Cured Fruit Association
announced to-day that in ten days or two
weeks at most the association would dis
tribute $300,000 to the members In divi
dends. There is still much money to be
distributed, but this may not be paid for
gome daye, as recent large sales were on
sixty days' time.
Epecial Di«i>atch. to The Call.
EL PABO, Texas, Feb. ll^'Count" Ru
dolph, de Lucenay, who eloped -from Cali
fornia with Ruby Luckhardt and married
her here, was arraigned in the District
Court this afternoon on the charge of big
amy. After considerable wrangling on the
part of the attorneys the case went to
trial and at nightfall eleven jurors had
been obtained. . '•'- ¦:-¦
The courtroom was packed and the in
terest manifested was intense. Ruby
Luckhardt and the "Count" were brought
face to face for tbe first time since their
separation, and Frank Luckhardt. Ruby's
brother, created a sensation in the court
room by objecting violently to' the girl re
tiring to the ante-chamber with the
"Count" and his lawyers for consultation.
A few days ago the girl requested to be
permitted to visit the "Count" at the jail.
Her brother, upon learning this, -almost
went Into hysterics and created a scene.
He locked Ruby in her room, and declared
to friends that if the girl saw the "Count"
she would make disclosures that would
ruin her brother.
To-day in the courtroom. Burns and
Cbbb, counsel for the defense, asked per
mission to consult with the girl apart and
that her brother be prevented from intim
idating her. A scene of intensity followed.
Frank Luckhardt stood over the girl and
glared at the lawyers. He -whispered to
her almost constantly, urging her not to
go into the ante-chamber, where the
"Count" had been taken. He brushed be
tween Attorney Cobb and the girl, pushing
the young lawyer back with his hand.
Cobb's face flushed with anger, but he did
not strike. ."
Cobb appealed to the court once more to
prevent Frank Luckhardt from intimidat
ing Ruby. The court said he could not
compel the girl to . leave her brother
against her wishes. Her face was white
and she seemed to be struggling with con
tending tootions. She finally pulled away
from her brother and walked • straight
across the courtroom end entered the
room where the "Count" was already sit-
The lawyers for the' defense promise to
spring a sensation to-morrow in the cross
examination of the State's witnesses. The
girl has made certain accusations against
her brother which they declare she will be
made to explain on the witness stand.
Young Girl Who Eloped
Sets Lawyers to
Wrangling.
RUBY CAUSES
STIR IN COURT
Babe Drinks Gasoline.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. . 14. — Morgan
Futhey, the twenty-months-old, son of R.
S. Futhey of the Kern River oil field, is
dead in Mrs. Page's sanitarium, as the
result of gasoline poisoning. Gasoline
had been kept in a small bottle in a closet
of the Futhey home. In some manner
the infant got hold of the bottle and
swallowed a quantity of the contents.
Alaska Mine-Owners Organize.
TACOMA; Feb. . 14.— Mine-owners . of
Southeastern" -Alaska, representing 1500
claims, have. organized the Alaska Mine
owners' Association in Jurteau. Its object
is to promote mining development and the
introduction of capital. . Dr. Arthur Lov
ett has been sent to the Sound cities to
seek the co-operation of mining bodies of
this State. Dr. Lovett says that not less
than eight stamp mills will be Installed
this season in Southeastern Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE. Feb. 14.— For the tenth
time ln that number of years Cloverdale,
the "citrus city of the north," is a bee
hive of activity, preparatory to the open
ing of the annual citrus fair. Judging
from ' present indications this year's fair
will surpass any heretofore held" in this
city. Heaps of golden fruit piled here and
there about the immense pavilion are as«
Eurance that the quantity and quality of
fruit to be exhibfted will be -greater and
better than ever before. The association
has made satisfactory arrangements with
the railroad company for the accommo
dation of the crowds. The rates will be
Cheap and the train service convenient.
The board of directors of the fair has
offered a long list of prizes to be com
peted for. As no prize will be awarded
for any design that has heretofore been
exhibited in the hall this year's fair will
present an entire change of features.
One of the exhibits will be /an old
fashioned flourmill, with Its ancient
waterwheel, overgrown with moss, with
oranges and lemons i tucked in here and
there and all daintily fringed with flve
flnger ferns and emllax. The old mill
has nearly outlived its usefulness, but
the wheel still runs, though the grinding
has long since ceased. The water gate
has broken down and the water leaks
through.
Down at the farther ' end of the ' hall
and directly opposite the mill will be the
old Cloverdale flourmill in miniature,
with its overshot waterwheel. This will
be a reproduction of one of tbe marks of
California. - j -
Another unique exhibit will be a "drag
on spring" about six feet in diameter and
occupying the center of the hail. The
water will spout up to a height of three
or four feet above the basin and fall into
three bowls, ,each surmounted, by a
dragon. . .-. :. :
¦- One novel Idea will be an airship float-
Ing above the rest of the exhibits and sug
gesting to one the prospective mode of
travel in years to come. • . . .. ;J .
A reproduction of the anchor of the
Walla -Walla will be shown. All of the
best designers -who have exhibited here
tofore are preparing exhibits for this
year, which Is a guarantee of a fine dis
play of art as well as of good fruit.
Clover dale Citrus Fair
Gives Promise of \
Originalty. r
EXHIBITS MUST
BE UP TO DATE
Many, a man ; who claims to, be ''wedded
to] his art cant prove. it.
RENO. Nev., , Feb. 1 14.^-G1IH 8 D. Shkutx a
brakeman on the Central . ! Pacific, fell hot»»n
two freight cars ; last night while attempts
to couple them and was so badly Injured that
be died on the way to. the hospital!
Signal' Service Barometers', Stolen.
¦.SAN JOSE; Feb. 14.-Tw 0 ; United States
signal ; service ; registering ; barometers v be
longing to the local' signal service' station
were stolen from the roof . of the' Porter
block i last 1 night. A' s door was : forced • to
reach the roof. / ¦ -¦¦• • : . ¦
• Thieves Loot a Besldence.
SAN. JOSE. Feb. 14.-The residence of
E..W.<Herold, at 124 East. St. John street
was robbed yesterday afternoon i'durini?
the absence of the.family. Entrance wa^
gained through a aide window, a pai? of
gold bracelets a^gold collar, , button and
other personal effects to i the value of S73
were stolen. ; . * "*
To-Day's News letter.
There are sp-^many good ; ,things in to
day's News Letter, that one > hardly knows
where to begin to enumerate, them.* Of
course it has "a lot of valentine * verses
touching, up the; fads, foibles and pecu
liarities of - prominent , people.' ' There J is
also a dialect Jetter; 'very funny, telling
Hans' troubles : with , valentines. • -•W. O -
McGeehan has an interesting/lot of stories
about armylife in ;the ; Philippines, relat
ing hitherto unknown incidents i regarding
¦prominent officers.^ The Looker * On de
partment': has some spicy echoes :of : the
Mardi Gras, and the Town Crier, is' even
more pungent' than ever. • - , •.
Will of W. Q. Nevin:
LOS ANGELES, Feb. v 14.— The will of
the late W. G. Nevin, general : manager
of the Santa Fe lines in California, was
admitted to probate to-day( ' The estate"'*
consisting of .money, stocks, bonds real
estate and. personal" property, Is valued
at between $1SO,000 and' $200,000. The. heirs
are a son, a daughter, and the widow of
deceased. • . '. ¦¦>.-¦: v-
Pine' Home for San- Jose. Elks.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 14.— San Jose Lodge of
Elks is; to have an elegant new h6me at
the corner of Llghtston and Santa Clara
streets." A long lease of the upper part of
the Stone building has been obtained and
workmen are now making alterations. Six
thousand, dollars. will be expended in ren
ovating and furnishing the quarters' and
when the. work.* is completed the Elks
will have a home that will equal that of
any lodge on the coast. . In. the front Dart
of the building will be; beautifully ao
pplnted clubrooms. Back of these will
be the. lodgerooms, banquet room and
kitchen.' :¦ ' . .
OF -INTEBEST 'TO PEOPLE : ¦ \_
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the /Postal- Service;
• and More Pensions ¦ ' ,
Granted..^ v' ["'
WASHINGTON. Feb: 14.-^The Postofflce-.
Department to-day 'announced the' follow-"
ing: \ \ JPqstofflce established: -Oregon—
Early, Sherman County, , Herbert'K. Por
ter, postmaster. Postmasters commls-'.
sioned: Oregon-^-Charles . .R. Adams.'
Scholls; Margaret A. Ghormley. Pow
watka. Washington— Colla M. Miller,
Clark. Appointed: Oregon— Charles Pat
tison, Oakville, Linn County, .vice. WilHanl
McCawe, resigned; F. ~.. Springer, ,Vine
Maple, Clatsop County,, vice E, VL. Bitch-'
ard, resigned. ¦ , -¦¦ ¦S'.k'--'.it'.i~,^ 4
Rural tree: delivery will be : established
April* 1 at Garvansea' -Station,; L,os .Aage-'
les, Cal.y. Inez M.-. Adams,- carrier. The*
postofflce . at Verdugo to be discontinued ;
mail to Los. Angeles; -also. at, Sam Gabriel
Cal.; Samuel T. McCawley, carrier. • The
postofflce at Garvalia to.be discontinued ;
mail to Ban Gabriel.^..- , .¦•¦;
; These pensions wereXgranted: Califor
nia— Original— WilUam . T. ; Wells, -San
:Francisco, $3; DanieUM.' Collier/ Ander
son, IS; Lewis T. Evans," Reedley, JK~'.Ten
years' service— Martin vMortensen,- r Ala
meda. $7: ' Henry W. .Ganong, : Los ; Arvge-*
les,: $6; Robert R. Fox;, Sacramento- $8*
'Bertol Peterson, SanrDjego; $37- SO;
ard' Markle, '. San Pedro, ,%4; Horace- H-
Suttle, Richland. 58;': James- D. Mlnard*
Angels Camp, $8. [Mexican. War—Theo
philus Fisk ' Moo-dy, . Blgrgs. $12: Cormick
McNulty, Camptonvllle,- $12: WTdow Isi.
bel.Bunkers", Placervllle; $8.-^.;..- -
, t, Oregon— Hezekiah , H. r Winslpw, J. T ew
berg, J10.V ;¦ ;, ."-. . .... „;
.¦.Washington— Original— Robert ' 7 Weedin
Greenland, 56.: Increase— Hawsori ,S.« Coch
ran, Palouse. $12; Alfred JEI. Connor,' South
Bend, $10. , Widow, with Spain— Nellie
A." Delaney, Spokane;. $12.',- :
;; Navy ; orders announce [that Naval Con
structor/ E.: Snow Vis" * ordered jromuthe
Unlon-Jron- Works.- at ; San .Francisco to
Hongkong, . for - duty ' in * connection \ with
repairs, to vessels.- Naval Constructor T '
F.'Ruhmi is to continue under: treatment
at' the, Marine Hospital; Mare ;Island be
ing-unable to obey: a previous order to'
proceed^ to; the Asiatic station^ -.'• •
. ' An army order;. announces . thalVSedond
•Lieutenant James. T>J Walsbn. artillery
will Join. < the Sixty-second Company of
Coast Artillery at* Fort Mason.- CaU; Sec
ond. Lieutenant- James ;M.- Loud .- Seventh-
Infantry," -will .report to - Colonel C A
Collidge.. 1 : president' -of .-. the examining
aboard, ; Vancouvef ' Barracks; -Washington
for ;.'" examination ;¦ for ; promotion. First
Lieutenant t Sanf ord H. '« Wadhams. assist
ant surgeon.'-upon^belng* relieve"diat Co
lumbus •:-.. Barracks .' will- proceed' to San"
Francisco for transportation to the Phil-
HONOLULU. H. T., Feb. 7.— The dif
ferences between' Judge Gear of the First
Circuit Court and Attorney General Dole
as to the methods of proceeding against
"transition period prisoners" resulted? in
a remarkable court proceeding, g^luring
Which 1 twelve murder indictments j were
disposed of in an hour last Wednesday
afternoon. . • . • '. ¦ t'.j"
Dole. asked that the cases be continued,
as he, claimed that; they were dependent
upon a decision in' the Osaki- Mankichi
case at .Washington. Gear refused to
grant a continuance. There were several
•bitter courtroom passages between the
Attorney I General and the Judge.' Gear
•held that as the indictments had ; been
brought and the defendants demanded a
trial, he could not postpone the matter,
while Dole argued that as the defend
ants had been convicted before, whether
the conviction was legal or not, and the
question of the legality of the conviction
was pending in,, the United : States Su
preme Court, a continuance : should I be
granted. ¦• • , : ., .-,-..
When Gear finally refused a continu
al C ? u J and ord ered the; caBes tried, Dole
withdrew "from the; courtroom and re
0Y1 tL° take , a "> r ' P art . ln the . cases at
I}' a re f ult was that four, acknowl
edged murderers were brought ta trial
with^no prosecution and no evidence be
ing; furnished against; them: . The .: jury
each case was to return a
•w^iS 1 of * n i >t P>»ty- The police prompt
ly 'rearrested. the men as they were * set
V>, ow , e ,, ver ' and are holding them un
fr ™ '¦ ol(i con victlons. ' : :•:
r>ll~ , as hln^ton sustains the Attorney
General's position that majority" Jury;ver
fion S ?Si?ti' a ! ld: \ n Haw »" after,ahnexa
inrU^^L at trials without grand jury
' n , c " 1 v rat we ™ also valid; the prisoners
o hP?wL e » t( \ ser , ve the terms *» ven them;
r«inffl 8e Vi! n -- vIew - of the acquittals ob.
•SS^JS l^r^e?- 813^ '- trtals :v I™}' had
-Attorney r General Dole' attempted to
S tion P hm e -TV H nd % "«&ement e S P h1« • po°
•SiJLil'-'^K J «?*L e Gear refused to allow
very spirited passages ', betweei? thl" Attor
ney. General and the • Judge, ending J n the
fn l m t G n' i?tl Vins rthe * c o««-tf obm and ' ref us*
"S^^^e^^^^^to
cient, and that he did- not~deem it hi*
duty in any. one of the cases to enter a
nolle -:prosequl or ? to prosecute and he
itheref ore ; withdrew ' altogether '- *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 14.— All doubt as
to the Intentions of the Rock Island re
garding a future invasion of Southern Pa
cific territory on the ' Pacific Coast are
set at rest by a telegram, that was re
ceived here this morning from the gen
eral offices in Chicago. This .telegram
Instructs the local office * to prepare for
a dally service, to be established on March
1, between Chicago and Los Angeles, via
the new Rock. Island line to El Paso and
th« Southern Pacific to Los Angeles.
When the extension, from Liberal. Kan.,
was completed tolEl Paso there was talk
of the ultimate extension of the line to
the coast over one of the numerous, sur
veys made across New , Mexico and Ari
zona. It was then announced that the
Rock Island would not extend its sphere
of operations farther west than El Paso,
and that an agreement had been reached
whereby the Southern : Pacific and the
Rock' Island would not interfere in one
another's plans. If such •„ an agreement
was made it was a very one-sided one,
as the announcement made by the Rock
Island indicates. - A ._:¦->-;¦> ,v
Heretofore passengers for Chicago' from
Los Angeles were compelled to go via the
Santa Fe or Southern Pacific, and, if an
other route were desired, a change of cars
was necessary some- terminal In the
Middle West. .Under the new order pas
sengers may enter the Rock Island cars
in this city, from and after March 3, and.
without change, reach. Chicago in 'less
than three days, as :the Rock Island is
nearly 230 miles shorter than any other
road. ?-.: ¦•':' ;!'.-: ¦ . . • • ¦
The, telegram was a complete surprise,
in view of the supposed agreement, and
indicates that .the Vanderbilts are ' deter
mined to build up a business on the coast
that will sooner or later justify the ex
tension of theUrack to the-Paciffc. despite
all-agreements and arrangements to the
contrary. •*-¦¦..* -
Persons^ in Hawaii Ac
cused^of,Murder May '
•
The Rock Island Puts on
Through . S er vice to
Lios Angeles.
LEGAL CLASH
SAVES THE MEN
Special Dispatch to, The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 14.— A brutal assauft
and robbery was committed last* "night
near Klrkland, jiist across Lake Wash's-
Ington from Seattle. At 8:30 o'clock in
the evening four masked men entered the
barn of O. E. Jones, a farmer, living near
Kirkland, 'and ¦ overpowered, . bound and
gagged Jones and his brother,- Lawrence,
who were in the barn at the time feed'
ing the stock. The robbers then went into
the house, where they found Leonard
Jones, another member of the family,
when he offered resistance they beat him
on the head with a revolver until he was
insensible. 'He was bound hand and" foqt
and gagged and they then coolly searched
the house, taking almost everything of
value.: , ,'•¦"¦ . *¦;., ',>.,¦¦£,-*•.}
All four of the robbers wore heavy
flannel masks, which they, left In the
house. They carried long-barreled revol
vers. "When they left the house they went
In the direction of Klrkland. . -'
Young Jones. was seriously injured.
: f^LTURAS, Feb. ' li^Bplb/ sjdes in the
X^ookout lynching -trial rested' to-day, and
arguments V will I commence.^.to-morrow.
Several days will be spent -in/ argument.
The main effort of ¦ the prosecution to
day was directed toward proving the dis
tance from Miller's ranch to Lookout by
way ot. Hall'? ranch to . contradict the
Kresge alibi; the height of a window In
the office of Leventon Bros.' blacksmith
shop, and the good character of Robert
Cour,twright,- one . of the principal wit
nesses, for the: prosecution, whose reputa
tion was attacked by the defense.
Ira "Cannon, a member oi'the Grand
Jury;' taahlorr' Cannon and Peter Hager
man Vdecja red Courtwrlght's - reputation
was good. John i>epp said he had , heard
Courtwright. criticized, but why he had
been -subjected? -to - criticism was not
brought- out: Ira Cannon testified that a
person standing in Leventon" s ottlce could
easily see what was going on In Leven
ton's shop yard. Mahlon Cannon testi
ried substantially as his brother. He said
that - the Miller ranch * was twelve miles
tvoTO. Lookout by. the way- of Hall's ranch.
¦¦The defense introduced testimony to
show that "' Jerve Kresge stopped at Mil
ler's ranch on the night of the lynching,
and it was impossible for him. to have
been in" Lookout on that night. -Witnesses
for the defense testified that the distance
by the -most direct route from -Miller's
ranch to Lookout was nineteen' miles.
' Peter . Hagerman testified " that • Lookout
was twelve miles from Miller's -via Hall's
by "the way of a cut-off. Raker objected
to the testimony of the Cannons and Ha
german, ' asking that it be ruled out on
the ground that it was irrelevant, but the
objection was notsustalned by the court.
' Just' before the adjournment Post, for
the prosecution, . announced that the peo
ple rested their case. Some time was
taken up by, the counsel on both sides
discussing the instructions in the case,
and it was finally agreed that the instruc
,tkms be submitted to Judge Harrington
fbjr counsel 'to-night. He "will- look them
oVer and they will be discussed briefly to
morrow morning* in the absence' of the
Jury before arguments commence.
Many bitter .things were said by counsel
on' both sides' during the morning. session,
¦and 'the'eonrt se*veral''tlmes" censused". the
attorneys for.' the defense. On dismissing
the Jury for the. day^. he said that he
thanked God:that the crisis In the case
was approaching; • * v
An adjournment for the day was taken
to: permit- officers -of the court and 1 the
'counsel to attend the funeral of the moth
«r of - Clerk' Smith.; who died on -Wednes
day.nlght.- -
Judge Harrington Rejoices
Because the F.nale Is in
- .' ' - Sight. ¦
Beat One of Their. Victims
on the Head Until- He •
Falls Unconscious.
Chief a^nd Hts Two Sons
Are. Drowned Near
. Kiilisnooi/
Canoe Capsizes in Storm and
They Pail to Reach
the Shore.
Adam Alv-Yau-Ka was the chief of the
vV ash-Kee-Nas tribe. Three of his broth
ers live at Killisnoo.
The chief and hla family were return
ing from a. summer cabin twenty: miles
distant.^ They were within ten miles of
Angoon when ".darkness - fell and they
camped on the beach. At 1 o'clock in the
morning the wind began to blow furious
ly and the boys, went to look after the
canoe. . Chief Adam awoke and decided
i°-». a .*? chor the craft away from the shore.
While trying: to fix it where It would be
safe, Mra. Van Huebner says, a large
wave capsized the canoe and all three
men were thrown into the water. None
,r,w m succ eeded in reaching shore,
xi Tn « squaw was a cripple and her
daughters were unable to do anything, 30
the three women lived as best they could
on. the barren and uninviting beach for
tne next seven days, until another canoa
happened along, when theywere rescued,
more dead than alive, and taken t? An
goon.
Their joy -was soon turned to mourning
and the singing to walling. In the canoe
was the widow and two daughters of
Adam Ah-Yau-Ka. He and his two sons
were thrown from the canoe not more
than ten miles from the village and all
three were drowned.
The, Indians at Angoon had long been
preparing for a reception to the Taku
and Sitka Indians. 1- lag poles had been
erected and nags ralseti in front of all
the houses. At night lights are strung
up. On January IS the Indian lookout
noticed a light coming toward the viUaco
and believed "a party of visiting native j
was coming, so the village Indians com
menced to beat their tomtoms and sins
and dance In welcome.
SEATTLE, Feb. H.— News of . the
drowning: of an Indian chief and his two
sons ! within sight of the chief's squaw
and daughters is reported from. Killisnoo.
Mrs. C. E. Van Huebrier, who writes to
the Douglas News under date of January
2u says that the natives of Klllisnoa and
Angoon are in mourning over' t&a "Iat3 of,
the sachem. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, : Feb. :M.— Thio Vcornerstono
of -the new J50.000 Carnegie library will be
laid on Sunday under the auspices' 6f the
San Jose Lodgs of Elks. A procession of
Elks through the streets will precede th«
cerempnies. D. F. McGraw wlll.be grand
marshal. The procession will be headed
by a band and a squad of -police Citv
and county officials will be in line "as will
a number of prominent Elk officials from
other cities of the State. At the corner
of Fourth and San tFernando streets
where the library is now in course of
construction. Exalted Ruler Joseph R-
Patton will act as master of ceremonies,
and Past Exalted Ruler Jackson Hatch
will.be the orator. C. L. Southgate will
act as chaplain.
Elks to Lay the Cornerstone.
Counsel Will Begin the
% Closing Arguments
• To-Day.
Bold and Brut al --'-Deeds; of
Pour Unknown Rob
bers-Near Seattle.
TO-DAY furnishes the' final oppor
tunity of witnessing the Fairy
land Carnival at - the \ Mechanics'
Pavilion and the management ex
pects large crowds of visitors dur
ing the afternoon and evening.
Children . wUl be admitted free to the
Pavilion to-day on presentation of the
coupon printed in another column of this
paper. There will be special attractions
offered; at the carnival to-day. In addi
tion to the ballet by 150 children, all the
principal specialties presented during the
week will be repeated and additional
numbers will also be given. Little Baby
Kiefe, the 5-year-old tot, will whistle and
AFTER PACIFIC
COAST TRAFFIC
The children of- the Hebrew Orphan
Asylum will be the guests of the manage
ment to-day and will be accompanied by
their band. This evening the Pacific Cat
Club will announce the winners in the
contest and the result of the "popular
vote" contest will also be made public. ".'
dance; Luella Cook Is to "dance a sailor's
hornpipe - and fancy measures; .Master
Harry Mangels, the drum-major of < the
juvenile cakewalkers,' will be seen In his
specialties; Eleanor Saunders is to repeat
her buck and' wing ; dances; Juliette
Maher, the little French toe dancer, is to
give some of her dainty whirls, and there
will be a score of features to please both
young and old. Eunice Gillman and Mon
tague Burton will also be seen.'*. >
INDIANS MOURN
SACHEM'S DEATH
ALTURAS TRIAL
NEARING AN END
MASKED THUGS
RAID FARMHOUSE
TWO OF THE CLEVER LITTLE ONES WHO WILL TAKE • PART IN
BIG PROGRAMME] ..TO 'BE GIVEN TO-DAY AT CHILDREN'S CAR
NIVAL IN MECHANICS' PAVILION. : . v . -
. 1? ¦ - ¦# * v I - ' . . . • r< -
GREAT FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL
COMES TO A CL0SE TO-NIGHT
Management to Offer a Superb Bill of
Juvenile Attractions Including the -Ballet
.by Gne Hundred and Fifty Clever tots
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, SATUBDAY, FEBRUAK3T 15, 1902.
4
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question 'arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. - No boiling ! no
add boiling water and set to
cool, flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
at your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
_' ¦ - ADV^BTISETVrRTrTS. '
ABSOLUTE SEPXJRITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS miist
bear signature of y&*~?!0**6
Terr Vxaall and as easy '
to take as sugar.
QFP |#>a n-rrn>l F0R HEADACHL J ODD
bbb CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 5Cld<
S^Ibttif for biliousness. Ammilln
GENUINE Hivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
m PI I LS F0R COKSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPFR JKLJIjs fo« sallow skim. WRAPPER
WKArrhK I for thecomplexioh " n Arrcn
25 cSb I Pnrcly TegetaLle.X^w^^w:
•FISXISrTBTD ON.;RED ; PAPER,"
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BIIBB
Ho : — ¦ — o|
| How I Played the "Fiddle" g i
d in Dawson. g
| BY MAYOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ. jj
" ¦' - ' ¦ "' : :.-'^'/"'- ¦ ."¦'.. ¦
o g What I Hope to Be When I g 0
g Grow Up. | ,
*3 Fifteen Grammar School Girls Picked at H .
g Random Reply to This Question. ¦
q j I Read Their Unique Answers. a O /
0 g Most Original Society Girl in 5 , o
|| San. Francisco. g
g Hpwto^Serve a George Wash- S
*f injton Luncheon. 3
(¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBBHnBHHHHBHHHI
; NL<T SUHDAY'S CALL I
lo : Jsw
EBHBBBBBBBBMKEBBBBBEBBBEBHBBHBBBBiaBBBHBHBBBBI
¦9 — ..,¦ ,.- ; , t - . ., ..... .... ..?¦
§ San Francisco] Women Who n
i Have Colonial Costumes. I
1 ¦ Look for " Brockman's Mav : §
S erick." S
| Eight Pages.of Color That Are g
| Pleasing to the Eye. ; |
1 Correct Fashions for Lent. 5
' m • ¦ ¦ — ~ — ~~—r - ' ' ¦ v S
« THE SUNDAY- CALL PRINTS ¦'
, |J MORE CALIFORNIA STORIES THAN .ALL . ¦ ,
y THE- OTHER SAN .FflANCISCO .SUNDAY i
B . PAPERS COMBINED.: a
. eBEBaBBEBBBBBBIflflBBBBIBHBBIBB ; ._ .
; : — ~ . . . . . . t . : — —r^—^ -, . ¦ - ., •.. :;-«< : - •
¦; .' . - • ¦¦-¦>.'• '&¦ '¦**¦* -A%;--\ ¦ ' :¦ y : '. ¦ / ? •
I The remarKable popularity of B
J 1!^GYPTIAN USLaL 11JVO I
¦¦"¦'- '¦¦ v/ ' : * : ¦'¦' ; B ¦•'•"-¦' ¦"¦•"-¦''•• "-*••¦"¦''¦• : /<\t/-i a fi T7**T* 0 T % fT* O \\
; g is 4ue to their possessing all those j
H /things which appeal to a smoKer of ¦
fl high grade Turkish cigarettes. •¦Jin i
¦-?C"'l!^f*4|i^fe*""". .oiC- "«"«iiaoLli*yir r flaLvioir 1 and workman- 1
i ship they actually have no rival. The B
¦!NV''vBM4^8©^.:'itt4'- rsipidly increasing demand^ I
"1 f or ithese cigarettes and the secure hold 9
VJsB:£ife are sure B
ii|feSl^l®^^"li*^^ * he educated smoker of II
realizes that "No better H
vl Turkish cigarette can be made." i
I You c a n g e t, them -from your own 1
B %2d® r or from your club.
• B are.the same as DEITIES r^^-*** 0 ~. - (/ ]'¦ j
Wk :. Ghis signature is on eVtrg box. . fcj
isamSn M fi 1 Win i tMWwMmtfitoWMWMmnanKutBuiF*" '^iiiw*iiiiiiiiki™™TfliiliSilillli illlillHilSATUBDAT, FEBRUARY 15.
TO BAH*.
FROM SEATTLE.
The committee on direct communication
with Manila of the Chamber of Commerce
has arranged with the San Francisco lines
Direct Service to Manila.
For a McKinley Park.
HONOLULU, Feb. 7.— Subscriptions In
Honolulu for the McKlnley memorial
fund have . been started by a .local firm
with a donation of $1000. It Is expected
that $25,000 will be raised for the estab
lishment of a McKlnley park, with monu
ment, in some central location.
Captain Froggart of the British steam
ship Knight Companion, recently wrecked
In. the China Sea, has been held blameless
by the naval board that investigated 1 the
loss. . The board found that the skipper
had been misled by. a faulty chart. The
Knight Companion's cargo was valued at
$500,000. . '- .
Captain Froggart Is ; Exonerated.
Charters the Big* Indrasamaha.
PORTLAND, Feb. 14.— The Oregon Rail
road . and Navigation Company to-day,
chartered the steamship Indrasamaha. a
new 10,000-ton vessel." to take the place of
the steamship Knight - Companion, which
was wrecked last week off the coast of
Japan. ' 9BMHBM9B9B
' Notice - is : hereby -' given :¦ of the .* following
changes in the ¦ aids -. to ¦ navigation • In \ this dis
trict' whloh ¦ affect the list of beacons and
buoys/ Pacific Coast, l$02: '
Columbia River,. main ship channel from As
toria to Tongue Point., page-: Btt. — Wreck of
Sllva de .Grace buoy; No. 2%'. — The position of
this buoy, a red,* second-class spar, was verified
thisdate and the buoy found on the following
bearings: ; Buoy depot wharf post light NE.
% • N.V i outer end ¦ Thorn's ' cannery s wharf B %
N.:-.- wreck- of Silvade < Grace post llght-NW.
> Wreck -of Silva do- Grace, buoy -No. 4— The
position of - this \ buoy,"' . a red, .. flrst-class > nun,
was ' verified : this date ana tne '. buoy found - in
23 • feet of water on . the ¦- following " bearings :
Buoy . depot .wharf : post . light NEJ. Vk • N:, . outer
end of Thorn's cannery wharf B>% N., -.wreck
of Sllva fl« Grace post light N"WV by W. '
Notice to -Mariners.
' Branch Hydrographlc Of flce.' ; U." S." Navy,
Merchants' • Exchange. . San ¦Francisco, , Cal. r '
M. Byrne and August Haffen, sailors
on the British ship Pericles, were yester
day seriously Injured by. the breaking
down by the ship's capstan as the, vessel
was being heaved alongside the dock.
Some vital part of the mechanism carried
away and. the capstan ran amuck. One
bar struck Byrne, another laid out Haffen.
They were treated at the Harbor Hospital
and later taken to the Marine Hospital.
Capstan Lays Out Two Tars.
Fire in Cargo Extinguished.
PORTLAND, Feb. 14.— The flre .which
has been burning for a week in the hold
of the Portland and Asiatic steamship In
dravelli .was .extinguished to-t!ay. Only
five bales of cotton had been burned, but
the damage to the cargo from water and
chemicals may foot up several thousand
dollars. *
EUREKA, Feb. 14.— H. D. Bendixsen,
one of the most ¦ successful shipbuilders
on the coast, died in this city Wednesday
morning of > heart • trouble, . coupled with
an attack of Jaundice. •. Since he retired
from business" several months ago he had
made his home in San Francisco. He
came to Eureka two weeks ago to attend
the funeral of George Hansen. a son of
Vila lifelong friend, Captain John Hansen.
and it "was while visiting his old friend
that he was overtaken with the malady
that ended his life. He was about to
start on a visit to his Danish home. He
leaves a wife. His estate Is valued at
Ditley Bendixsen was born near
ronenhagen In 1842 and came. to Califor
nia in 1865, gaining employment "at Tur
ner's ship yards on San " Francisco Bay.
He came to this bay In 1868 and soon
branched out as a shipbuilder. For thirty
years be . ran - the ; Falrhaven yards, tak
ing neither rest nor vacation, and com
pleted 133 vessels; among the most notable
of which were the Alaska: Flyer, the new
steamer Humboldt, the ' steamers Nome
City, Jane L. ; Stanford and the John Pal
mer.. He retired from business about one
year ago," when his plant was turned over
to the H.I>. Bendixsen Shipbuilding Com
pany. The remains will ,be sent to Den
marK. . ... .. - • • • ¦ ¦
Death of a Shipbuilder.
The ship Columbia, bound from Ballard,
Wash.,' to Port Pirie, is reported ashore
near Shoal Water Point. • She will prob
ably be floated at the next tide. The Co
lumbia is owned' by Captain A. Anderson
of Lewis, Anderson & Co. of this city,
and commanded by Captain Nelson. She
was built . in 1871 by Houghton Bros, at
Bath, Me. She is registered 1472 tons. Her
length Is 205.9 feet. She has 40 feet beam
and 24 . feet depth of hold.
Ship Columbia Ashore.
ST. .LOUIS, Feb. 14.— A .summons has
! been Issued against A. W. Gilham," pro
iprletor of the Empire Hotel, • in which
eleven persons lost their lives last Sun.
day. commanding him to appear in th<»
First: District Police Court Thursday.
February 20, and show cause why he
should not be punished for violating In
structions of the city, ordinances-, which
require fire escapes on hotels three or
four stories high. Assistant City Attor
ney Stanton said that formal complaint
was made by Mayor "Wells.
Hotel Proprietor Must Explain.
The American bark Sonoma, which left
Australia for the Hawaiian Islands 97
days ago, has arrived at Honolulu in hard
straits. She was off the port two weeks
before' she anchored In the harbor, but
a sudden storm blew her out to sea. She
was leaking and short of grub when she
finally made port. All hands were pretty
well worn out with constant pumping and
considerably reduced in flesh as the re
sult of the curtailed commissary. She
will be overhauled in Honolulu just as
soon as her cargo is discharged.
Sonoma's Hard Luck.
' CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— Peter. Buschwah, a
pioneer real estate dealer of Chicago, was
found dead in his offlce to-day. The body
sat upright In a chair with the feet rest
ing on a desk near by. When the door
was opened eight gas Jets were found to
be open, and the police believe that
Buschwah committed suicide. The dece
dent at one time was possessed of a fair
fortune, but of late years is said to have
given It away in charities he could ill
afford.
Dies at His Office Desk.
VICTOKXA, B. C, Feb. 14— A dispatch
from Lighthouse Keeper W. P. Daykin of
Carmanah Point— the first since the wire
went down during the heavy gale of
Christmas night— announces the finding of
several cases ~ of salmon which bore no
marks of identification. . -
The finding of these cases of salmon
adds to the uneasiness over the ship Red
Rock. A 4 life - buoy and some cases : of
salmon were found • at Claya'quot some
time ago, as reported in these dispatches.
The buoy was marked "Red Rock, Glas
«row " and was : plainly . from the salmon
ship', which sailed from this port on No
vember 29 for Liverpool with 84,800 cases.
It was seen by officers of the survey
steamer Egeria during that vessel's
cruise • in search of wreckage from the
missing i Condor and ; Identified as a life
buoy of the salmon ship.
Ship Red Rock in Decem
ber Storm. ¦
Further Evidence of the Loss of the
SALMON CASES FOUND
OTF CAEMANAH LIGHT
Time BalL
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N".. Mer
- chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaL.
February 14. 1902. . -_¦
The Time Ball was not dropped to-day.
Wires out of order. ."W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
HONOLULU, H. T., Feb. 7.— A mass
meeting will be held to-morrow evening
in Honolulu under the auspices of the Re
publican Territorial Central Committee
to protest against the bill Introduced in
CongTess by Hawaiian Delegate "Wilcox
providing that the island of Molokai shah
be used for a national lfper settlement.
At present only a small part of the-
Island. which Is half a day's journey from
Honolulu, Is used for a leper settlement,
and there is a general protest through
out the islands against having the let-.
ritory advertised as a national lazaretto.
The subject has been discussed in the
local press with considerable feeling.
Protest Against "Wilcox's Bill.
A horse driven to a buggy by a small
boy fell Into the bay on Thursday^ after
noon through the roadway on East street
near Folsom. The boy was following close
behind a Folsom-street car. The roadbed
of the car . track had been torn up for a
number of yards and the car in front hla
the hole from the boy In the buggy. The
car crossed the opening all right on the
Bteel rails, and the buggy was all* right,
too, and could have - followed the car If
the horse had not dropped through the
hole.' The horse carried with It shafts
and traces. It took about two hours' hard
work to get the animal ashore again. The
men engaged in repairing the roadway
helped In the rescue of the horse, and
Hhen placed danger flags at the bounda
ries of the hole.
Horse Falls Through Street.
HOTE In' the above exposition ot tha tide*
?I,, e arly I morning tides are given In ih» left
band column and th« successive tlde« * of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth timi column elves tho laat nda of tn«
day except wh«n there are but tare* tides, as
sometimes occurs. Th« heights Kirm are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Surrey Charts, except when a mliraa ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
rfVen to BUbtracted from the depth, given by tn«
cbarts. The plane of reference U the mean of
the lower low waters.
worth Baxter, who la mentioned in a
dispatch from Salt .Lake as the defend
ant-in a- divorce case, appears not to be
known in this city. . Efforts to locata
htm have proved unsuccessful.
LOS ANGELES. Feb." 14.— Duke Farns-
•worth Baxter, a wealthy resident of Los
Angeles. The marriage took place in San
Francisco December 24, 1S94. The com
plaint alleges failure to support for tho
las*, six years.
Salt Lake Woman Begins Proceedings
, but Defend ant Is Not to Be
Found.
SALT LJLEE,. Utah. Feb. .U.-Mrs.
Hilda II. Baxter has filed here a suit for
divorce from " hex husband. Duke Farns-
SUES FOB A DIVORCEE
FROM WEALTHY HUSBAND
HONOLULU — Arrived • Feb ¦ . 6 — Jap ¦ stmr
Hongkong Maru, hence l Jan 80. Feb 0 — Bark
Sonoma," from "Newcastle,- Aus/- ¦ Feb 7 — Jap
stmr * Nippon ' Maru,' from Tokohama.
Sailed Feb 6— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, for
Tokohama; Fr.war stmr Protet.' for Acapulco;
bktn * Irmgard.- for ¦ San ; Francisco. .
; To '• «all : Feb • T — Nor bark Prince Louis,' - for
.Vancouver.' '- Feb 8— Bark Alden Besse, for San
Francisco. Feb; 9— Bark rHesper,- for Austra
lla ' j FOREIGN PORTS/ •'• "
LADTSMITH--Sailed Feb ¦ 13, 5 p ; m— Br.
ISLAND PORTS.
Friday, February 14. t
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co. -
Stmr Queen. Hall, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins & Co. .
0 SAILED. -
. >.''t- j ' •,'-¦ Friday, -February 14. ¦
S Stmr South Coast, Olsen, — ."
r Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, Grays . Harbor.
1 Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
SPOKEN. ,
Nov IS, lat 12 S, Ion 131 W — Br ship Many
down, hence Oct lti, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Keb 13 — Caotaln - FroKgart ; of Br
stmr Knisht Companion exonerated '• from
blame for stranding r vessel. . Chart faulty.
Cargo valued at £100,000.
Bark Sonoma, at Honolulu Feb 6, from New
castle, Aus — Pumus were . kept going continu- ,
ally throughout the .voyage. Vessel on arri
val was short of provisions. jt •
VICTORIA, Feb 14 — Several cases of salmon
have been found near Carmanah.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Jap atmr Nippon Maru. from China
and Jaoan — Moderate winds and seas, arriv
ing Feb 7 at -Honolulu. Sailed same date for
San Francisco; strong S to SE winds and
smooth to moderate seas.- ¦ •'
,.--. TELEGRAPHIC.
. POINT . LOBOS. Feb 14. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE, velocity 16' miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived . Feb 14— Schr F S
Redfleld, from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Feb .14 — Stmra Ruth and Homer, ; for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 12. " ' .,-
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb ' 13— Stmr Co
quille 'River, • for/ San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 13 — Schrs Mabel
Gray and Bertha '. Dolbeer, from : San Diego;
stmr Alliance, hence Feb 12, for Portland, etc.
Arrived Feb 12 — Stmrs Eureka and Bruns
wick, hence Feb 13; schr Barbara Hernater, .
hence Feb 12.
PORT. BLAKELET— Arrived. Feb 14— Bark
Prussia, ' hence Feb 9. •
TACOMA — Arrived Feb 14^ — Br ship Eaton
Hall, from Callao: . stmrs Al-Ki and Cottage
City, i from Skagway; stmr City of Puebla,
hence Feb 10; Aus etmr Java, from Shanghai;
¦hip S D Carrollton, - from Honolulu. ¦> ' \
Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Al-Ki, for. Skagway;
stmr City of Puebla. for San Francisco; . stmr
Cottage City, for -Skagway.
Sailed Feb 13— Schr J M Weatherwax. ; for
Ean Francisco. . . . ...
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Klntuck."
from . Singapore. " ¦ \
; Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Cottage City, for Bltka;
stmr- Al-Ki. for- Skagway. • ./ .
> PORTLAND— Sailed Feb 14— Bark Charles
Gounod, for Queenstown; stmr Fulton, ' for 8on
Pedro. ' • ¦
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed ¦ inward Feb 14
•—Bark S D Carleton. . from ' Honolulu. -
Arrived - Feb 14— Nor «tmr Mathallda, from
Manila; bark Prussia, hence Feb 9,. for Port
BI GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 13— Schr
Lillebonne. hence- Feb 8.
• Sailed Feb 13 — Schr James H ¦ Bruce, for
Honolulu: schr -.Wawona, for San Pedro; schr
Sophie Christiansen, for San Francisco;..' «chr
Dauntless, for San Pedro; stmr San Pedro, for
Santa Barbara: stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco; stmr Ncwburg, • f or . San Francisco;
stmr Coronado, for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb 14— Schr C A Thayer, from San
'sailed Feb 14-rStmr Grace Dollar. • for San
Fl TILLAMOOk— Sailed ¦ Feb 13— Stmr W ¦ H
Kruger. for San Francisco.
r NEAH BAT— Passed out Feb 14— Bark Tidal
Wave,/ from Port Gamble, for , San Francisco;
bktn Skagit, from Port Gamble, for San Pedro;
stmr Asuncion, from Tacoma. ¦ for San . Fran
•° COOS BAT— Arrived . Feb 14— Schr Glen,
hence Jan 28;- schr John F Miller, hence Feb
6; echr Una, from San Dlegro. - .
CLEARED.
- r ¦ ¦ Friday, February' 14. •
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 21 hours from Monte
rey. . •• • ¦•¦ : . ¦ ¦• ¦
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, 40 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 23 hours from Eureka.
Scht- Etta B. Campbell, 0 hours from • Point
Reyes.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Congress has appropriated money to
build a HghtshlD for this point, and bids
for the construction of the vessels have
been received. : r c
The steamship Pomona arrived yester
day from Eureka. She was six hours
late This was due. Captain Shea says,
to the stiff head winds that prevailed
throughout . the trip. When the Pomona
left Kureka news had been received ' of
the breaking, up at Point Gorda of the
wrecked schooner Occidental.
Point Gorda, where the Occidental met
her fate, is about ten miles south of Cape
Mendoclno, and has been the graveyard of
many vessels. The waters In the neigh
borhood are dotted with hidden rocks. A
treacherous current sets in toward the
rocks and has carried many a vessel to
destruction.
Among the vessels wrecked there were
the United States lighthouse tender Shu
brick, Victoria, steamship Active, . steam
collier Arago, the first steamship Hum
boldt, the French ship Llli and the steam
er Cleone. The steam collier Bawnmore
and the steamer Orizaba also went' ashore
at this point, but succeeded in getting
off. •;.--,
Occidental Goes to Pieces.
stmr Victoria, for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Argyle,
hence Jan 29. ¦ -- . -
PRAWLB POINT— Passed Feb 13— Ger ship
Mabel Rickmers, from Astoria, for Queens
town. ' . .-
SINGAPORE— Sailed Jan 2S— Br stmr Glen
artney, for Tacoma,
• VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan 25— Ger stmr
Totmes, for 'Hamburg.
COLON— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr AUlanca,
from New York. ¦ .
Sailed Keb 11 — Stmr Finance, for New York.
HARWICH — Arrived Feb 12 — Br bark De
vonby, hence Sejjt 28. . '
' NAPLES— Arrived Feb i>— Br stmr Glenfaw,
from Tacoma. .-:¦:' •¦¦ ...
HONGKONG— Sailed Feb 12— Br stmr Em
preES of i India, for Vancouver. -
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan ' 17— Nor stmr
Guernsey,- for Kobe." Feb 8 — Br stmr Tartar
for Vancouver. ,. ..,.,."-, . "
-Arrived prior "to- Jan 2-t— Jap stmr JShlnano
Maru. from Seattle. Feb 11-Br stmr Chins
¦vvo, from_Glasgow, for Seattle; Br stmr Ping
5S?'fS?vSSSS^ Br - Btmr .«?-?«-¦•«
ni^^F^^T^ Feb 14 - Nor Btmr Tlta 
vCALCUTTA—Sailed Jan 25— Br. ship Crown
of Scotland, for San Francisco. :
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The Italian ship Salvatore Clampa, reported
yesterday, is free, having mlbsed her canceling
date. . : ¦ •. -¦---.
The French bark Versailles is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Europe,\26s 6d.
The British ship Sierra Ventana.was char
tered prior to arrival for wheat from Portland
to Europe, 27s Cd. ; > . . • £&
The Dutch steamer Folmlna Is chartered for
lumber at Portland lor Manna, prior to arrival;
the British ship Star of Germany, timber, at
the same port, for China, prior to arrival.
The schooner Resolute loans lumber at Grays
Harbor for Guaymas; the barkentine Amelia,
redwood at Eureka* for Honolulu, chartered
prior, to arrival. • . • . •¦
The French bark Moliere' has been rechar
tered for wheat from this port j to Europe at
26s 3d. - »'•• * '
The Austrian steamer Java Is chartered prior
to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for St. Vin
cent, for orders, 36s 3d.
Shipping Merchants. ,
Matters of Interest to: Mariners and
NE'vtTS ; OF THE OCEAN.
Columbia River, short cut channel from As
toria, to Tongue Point, page 57.— Starboard aide
of chanenl buoy. No. 8. — This buoy, a red, sec
ond-class spar, was discontinued January 13,
bein£ no longer needed.
' Columbia River, main ship ¦ channel • from
Tongue Point to Jim Crow Point, page 57.—
Port side of channel buoy No. %. a black,
first-class spar, was established January 15
in 20 feet of water as a guide in the channel,
on the following bearings: Taylor Sands post
lieht N % E..- Tongue Point (E. tangent) E.
% S. buoy depot wharf post light SE. % E-
West side of channel buoy No. 1%, a black,
first-class spar, was established January 14 in
30 feet of water, as a guide in the channel, on
the following bearings: Beacon 2 post light
NE. by E. V, E., buoy depot wharf post light
S "puKet* Sound', page 78.— Decatur Reef buoy
No 2 a red, second-class spar, was changed
February 3 to a red, second-class ice, without
change in position. -
Sinclair Inlet, page 79.— Bremerton buoy No.
2. a red flrst-class spar, was changed January
31 to a red, second-class ice. without apprecta
able change in position. The buoy is now in
30 feet of water. • '
By order of the Ughthou«e_Bo*rf. ;
Commander TJ. S. N..
Lighthouse Inspector.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sorw—
Times and Heights of HigB m4 W*
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au«
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mls«lon-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later tnan at Fort Point.
the height of tide 1« the same at both place*.
THE j Japanese steamship Nippon
Maru, which arrived in port late
on Thursday evening, docked yes
terday morning at the Pacific
Mail dock. She brought a large
cargo and a fairly good list of passengers
for this time of year. There were only
twenty-three passengers in her steerage,
and of these all but two were Orientals.
She left Hongkong January 18 and had
good weather throughout the voyage. She
spoke the steamship China at 4:20 p. m.
February 11 in latitude 31.17 north, longi
tude 140.02 west. Her time between ports
was: Hongkong, 27 days 2 hours; Yoko
hama,.-16 days 2 hours; Honolulu. 5 days
21 'hours. She brought in. her cabin the
following passengers: Franz Bransch,
Otto Brockman, Mrs. F. W. French. F.
M. Knabel, C. Miller, R. E.. Purvis, Rev.
George Schneider, G. H. Nesbit, A. Schlele.
Alex Tison and wife, Rev. Dr. Tsike. Lieu
tenant Colonel Van de Wedden, William
"SVolff and V. Shlrkoff.
running to the Orient for a monthly ser
vice direct to Manila. i i; ",v"
WRECKED SCHOONER THAT WENT ASHORE AT .POINT GORDA, THE GRAVEYARD ' OF MANY VESSELS,
AND IS NOW POUNDING HERSELF INTO KINDLING ON THE ROCKSi ; A LIGHTSHIP WILL BE STA
TIONED ' NEAR THIS POINT TO WARN MARINERS. ' .- . .
--•::•-¦..-;;--:> . ¦ . ' -.. ' ¦ ¦ •.; ¦¦.''¦ ~ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ • J " -
The road will ' traverse the counties of
Woods, Grant, Garfleld, Kingfisher, Cana
dian, Logan, Oklahoma, Cleveland and
Pottowatomie In Oklahoma. The incor
porators are Smith H. Mallory of Chari
ton, Iowa; J. H. Cameron. Albert E. Yer
kea and S. T>. Cook of Chicago. 111.: J. S.
Coley and J. AL McCormlck of Oklahomi
City; L. N. Van Horn of Salt Lake City;
T. C. Lindley of Medicine Lodge. Kan3.;
H. K. Blckford of Alva. O. T., and J. M.
BIckel of Springvale. Kans. The Choc
taw, Oklahoma and Gulf is reported to be
back of this company.
The. road Is to run from Denver south
east to Marshall, O. T., thence via Okla
homa City, through the Seminole, ChlcVc
asaw and Choctaw Rations to Paris; Tex.,
with a branch from Colgate to the north
east, via South McAlester to Fort Smith.
Ark.; another branch from near String
town, Choctaw Nation via Antlers and
Eagletown to Texarkana, Ark.; another
branch from Marshall via Guthrie. Shaw
nee and Tecumseh to a point on the Red
Kiver. - v *
GUTHRIE, O. TV, Feb. It.— Secretarr
Grimes granted a charter to-day to the
Denver, Kansas, and Atlantic Kailroact
Company to construct 124S miles of road
and with a capital stock of J15.000.0CO.
poses to Make Developments
With Big Capital.
Denver, Kansas and Atlantic Pro-
COMPANY WILL BUILD
MAITZ" EAIXROAD LUTES
Encounters Fine Weather Throughout the Voyage~-Speaks
the Liner China Now Outwani Bound-~Wrecked
Schooner Occidental Is Rapidly Breaking to Pieces
JAPANESE STEAMSHIP NIPPON MARU
BRINGS PASSENGERS FROM ORIENT
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1902.
5
Steamer.
From.
! Doe.
Crescent City
J. S. Kimball
Zealand la .'...
Arcata
Mackinaw. ..
Empire ......
Washtenaw. .
Rival..... ;r.
Nippon Maru.
Lakme.'.
Argo. ........
Pt. Arena..::
Rainier.....;
State of Cal. .
Bonlta. ;.-..-.-.
Uraatilla
Eureka...:..'
Luxor. ......
Asuncion
Victoria
/Chehalis
Sonoma ......
Pleiades.....
San Juan...'.
Pomona.....'.
I Columbia:...'
Isls...
Tltania
Cnas. Nelson.
Spokane.....
Coos Bay
Mandalay....
City Puebla. .
Peru.. .......
North Fork...
Newburg. ..;.
G..W. Elder..
Czarina.....';
Crescent City .„.. . Feb. 1^
SeatUe & . Tacoma . . ! ! ! Feb. 15
Tahiti .....:.......... Feb jr
Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb! 15
Feb. 15
Cbos Bay. Feb. 15
Tacoma - Feb 13
WUlapa Harbor ....... Feb' 1%
China & Japan ........ Feb 15
Portland & Astoria .... Feb! 15
Coquille River ........ Feb.- 15
Point Arena Feb 11
Seattle &,N. Whatcom. Feb' 16
San Diegro A^Way Ports Feb. 16
Newport & Way. Ports. Feb. 16
Puget Sound Ports. . . . . Feb. 1C
Humboldt Feb., 16
Hamburg & Went Coast Feb. 17
Tacoma Feb 17
Oyster Harbor '.[ Feb! 17
5an Pedro .-.-- Feb 17
Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb". 17
beattle Feb 18
Panama & Way, Ports.. Feb! 18
Humboldt ....S..v..... Feb. 10
Portland & Astoria Feb 10
Hamburg & Way Ports. Feb. 19
Nanalmo • ............... Feb. 19
Redondo . . ..: Feb. 19
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb 20
San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 20
Coqullle River ......... Feb 21
Puget Sound Ports Feb! 21
China & Japan ........Feb 22
Humboldt .7 . Feb r 2->
San Pedro -"" Fe b 23
Portland ¦ & Astoria. . . . Feb *>4
Seattle & Tacoma .'..... Fet). 25
Iteatner.
'estlnation.
Sails.
Pier.
" Febrnarjr - 15. •
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Point Arena ;.:¦...-.
San Pedro & Way.
China & Japan ...
Honolulu'.;..;;....
Puget. Sound Ports.
' February 16.
Humboldt . . .". . ; . ; .
S. Diego & "Way Pta
Humboldt ,'. . . . .". . . .
- February 17. .
Coos Bay .........;
Coqullle . River ....
Grays ¦ Harbor .....
Mendodno City ....
Astoria ¦ & ' Portland
February. 18.
Humboldt '...*.'. . : -.*;
Coos B. & Pt OrTd
Humboldt ......;..
Wlllapa Harbor r...
Valparaiso & Way.
Panama & Way.Pts
Seattle & Tacoma. .
¦ February. ¦ 1O. ;
San Diego ¦ & Way..
Newport A Way Pts
Tahiti direct ......
Ftobruary 20."
Seattle * N. What.
Ptiget Sound Port*..
- February • 22. -
Honolulu & Kahulul
Astoria & Portland.
• February : 23. .-
Grays . Harbor ....
¦ February 25.
China ' & - Japan. . '..
Puget Sound Ports.
i .
Santa Ana.
Pt. Arena. .
Coos Bay..
Doric.
Alameda...
Queen.....;
10 am
2 pm
8 am
1 pm
2 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pomona....
Spokane....
North Fork.
1:30 p
9 am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier, 2
Empire....
Argo. ; .'. . . .
Chehalis...
Phoenix....
G. Elder...
10 am
4 pm
12 m
3 pm
11 am
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 28
Pier 13
Pier 24
S. Monica. .
Arcata.....
Eureka...'.*.
Rival......
Guatemala:
Acapulco. ..
X. Klmball.
10 am
12 m
9 am
6 pm
12 m
i|12 m
110 am
Pier ; 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 10
PMSS
Pier 2
State Cal. . .
Bonlta
Australia..
9 am
9 am
2 pm
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 7
Rainier.'...
Umatllla...
IS pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 9
Hyades....
Columbia. . .
12 m
11 am
Pier 20
Pier 24
Newburg...
5 pm
Pier 2
Nippon Mar
City Puebla
J 1 pm
(11 am!
IPMSS
IPler 9
Steamer.
For.
Balls.
Nome City. . . !
E. Thompson
City of Seattle
Dlrljto. ......
Dolphin.
Valdei & Illlamna. . . :¦.*. JFeb. 15
Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. IFeb. 15
Skagway &"Way Port«.|Feb. > 16
Rkagway ft "Way . Ports . (Feb. ' 20
Skagway & "Way . Ports. |Feb. 22
lun rises
!un sets •
loon seta (first Qua
7:00
." ...5:43
irter) 0:40 a. m.
3 Time ' Time
• Ft.
» H W L W
5~ 4:20 "Ti 11:31
7 0:11 2» 6:2»
L8 1:22 2.9 7:38
L9 2:24 2.9 8:41
>0 3:20 2.7 0:38
!1 4:11 2.3 10:31
a 5:00 2.011:22
Time ; Tlm«
Ft. Ft. Ft.
... H "W L.W
~O» ilEs 3.7 10:58 2.8
0.4 7:49 3.9
L. W H "W\
8.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4.2
5.4 2:40 — 0.2 9:44 4.5
6.6 3:29 — 0.4 10:23 4.8
5.7 4:14— 0.4 11:10 6.1
.5.7 4:56^0.3 11:48 5.3
6.6 5:36 0.0 f
Steamer.
From.
! Doe.
Crescent City
J. S. Kimball
Zealand la .'...
Arcata
Mackinaw. ..
Empire ......
Washtenaw. .
Rival..... ;r.
Nippon Maru.
Lakme.'.
Argo. ........
Pt. Arena..::
Rainier.....;
State of Cal. .
Bonlta. ;.-..-.-.
Uraatilla
Eureka...:..'
Luxor. ......
Asuncion
Victoria
/Chehalis
Sonoma ......
Pleiades.....
San Juan...'.
Pomona.....'.
I Columbia:...'
Isls...
Tltania
Cnas. Nelson.
Spokane.....
Coos Bay
Mandalay....
City Puebla. .
Peru.. .......
North Fork...
Newburg. ..;.
G..W. Elder..
Czarina.....';
Crescent City .„.. . Feb. 1^
SeatUe & . Tacoma . . ! ! ! Feb. 15
Tahiti .....:.......... Feb jr
Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb! 15
Feb. 15
Cbos Bay. Feb. 15
Tacoma - Feb 13
WUlapa Harbor ....... Feb' 1%
China & Japan ........ Feb 15
Portland & Astoria .... Feb! 15
Coquille River ........ Feb.- 15
Point Arena Feb 11
Seattle &,N. Whatcom. Feb' 16
San Diegro A^Way Ports Feb. 16
Newport & Way. Ports. Feb. 16
Puget Sound Ports. . . . . Feb. 1C
Humboldt Feb., 16
Hamburg & Went Coast Feb. 17
Tacoma Feb 17
Oyster Harbor '.[ Feb! 17
5an Pedro .-.-- Feb 17
Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb". 17
beattle Feb 18
Panama & Way, Ports.. Feb! 18
Humboldt ....S..v..... Feb. 10
Portland & Astoria Feb 10
Hamburg & Way Ports. Feb. 19
Nanalmo • ............... Feb. 19
Redondo . . ..: Feb. 19
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb 20
San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 20
Coqullle River ......... Feb 21
Puget Sound Ports Feb! 21
China & Japan ........Feb 22
Humboldt .7 . Feb r 2->
San Pedro -"" Fe b 23
Portland ¦ & Astoria. . . . Feb *>4
Seattle & Tacoma .'..... Fet). 25
Iteatner.
'estlnation.
Sails.
Pier.
" Febrnarjr - 15. •
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Point Arena ;.:¦...-.
San Pedro & Way.
China & Japan ...
Honolulu'.;..;;....
Puget. Sound Ports.
' February 16.
Humboldt . . .". . ; . ; .
S. Diego & "Way Pta
Humboldt ,'. . . . .". . . .
- February 17. .
Coos Bay .........;
Coqullle . River ....
Grays ¦ Harbor .....
Mendodno City ....
Astoria ¦ & ' Portland
February. 18.
Humboldt '...*.'. . : -.*;
Coos B. & Pt OrTd
Humboldt ......;..
Wlllapa Harbor r...
Valparaiso & Way.
Panama & Way.Pts
Seattle & Tacoma. .
¦ February. ¦ 1O. ;
San Diego ¦ & Way..
Newport A Way Pts
Tahiti direct ......
Ftobruary 20."
Seattle * N. What.
Ptiget Sound Port*..
- February • 22. -
Honolulu & Kahulul
Astoria & Portland.
• February : 23. .-
Grays . Harbor ....
¦ February 25.
China ' & - Japan. . '..
Puget Sound Ports.
i .
Santa Ana.
Pt. Arena. .
Coos Bay..
Doric.
Alameda...
Queen.....;
10 am
2 pm
8 am
1 pm
2 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pomona....
Spokane....
North Fork.
1:30 p
9 am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier, 2
Empire....
Argo. ; .'. . . .
Chehalis...
Phoenix....
G. Elder...
10 am
4 pm
12 m
3 pm
11 am
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 28
Pier 13
Pier 24
S. Monica. .
Arcata.....
Eureka...'.*.
Rival......
Guatemala:
Acapulco. ..
X. Klmball.
10 am
12 m
9 am
6 pm
12 m
i|12 m
110 am
Pier ; 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 10
PMSS
Pier 2
State Cal. . .
Bonlta
Australia..
9 am
9 am
2 pm
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 7
Rainier.'...
Umatllla...
IS pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 9
Hyades....
Columbia. . .
12 m
11 am
Pier 20
Pier 24
Newburg...
5 pm
Pier 2
Nippon Mar
City Puebla
J 1 pm
(11 am!
IPMSS
IPler 9
Steamer.
For.
Balls.
Nome City. . . !
E. Thompson
City of Seattle
Dlrljto. ......
Dolphin.
Valdei & Illlamna. . . :¦.*. JFeb. 15
Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. IFeb. 15
Skagway &"Way Port«.|Feb. > 16
Rkagway ft "Way . Ports . (Feb. ' 20
Skagway & "Way . Ports. |Feb. 22
lun rises
!un sets •
loon seta (first Qua
7:00
." ...5:43
irter) 0:40 a. m.
3 Time ' Time
• Ft.
» H W L W
5~ 4:20 "Ti 11:31
7 0:11 2» 6:2»
L8 1:22 2.9 7:38
L9 2:24 2.9 8:41
>0 3:20 2.7 0:38
!1 4:11 2.3 10:31
a 5:00 2.011:22
Time ; Tlm«
Ft. Ft. Ft.
... H "W L.W
~O» ilEs 3.7 10:58 2.8
0.4 7:49 3.9
L. W H "W\
8.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4.2
5.4 2:40 — 0.2 9:44 4.5
6.6 3:29 — 0.4 10:23 4.8
5.7 4:14— 0.4 11:10 6.1
.5.7 4:56^0.3 11:48 5.3
6.6 5:36 0.0 f
VULUIflJDIA LM1KG THEATRE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-^GHT— LAST TIME.
VIOLA ALLEN
And Company, Presenting
"In the Palace of the King:."
NEXT ATTRACTION.
BEGINNING MONDAY. FEBRUARY 17/
" ' WM. A. BRADY'S
Bis production of the successful Bucolic Drama,
"WAY DOWN EAST."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TO-MORROW (SUN.) NIGHT.
FAREWELL RECITAL.
JOSEF HOFMANN.
SPECIAL. PRICES— ?1 60 to 60c
MATTXEE TO-DAT.iATURDAT, FEB. 15.
Parquet, any eeai. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c
VAUDEVILLE AMBROSIA!
Hary Norman; Dempsey and Hack
Company; 3 Marvelous Merrills:
Winchennan's Bears, and The Bio-
graph. Last times of Rose and
Jeanne tte; Adelina Boattino;
Beichen's Hand-Balancing Dogs;
Victor Jerome; Lottie Fremont,
and Harry W. Welch.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"RAGLAF S WAY"
Week B»rinninr MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
GEORGE OBER
One of America's Foremost Comedians,
In Ch8A Hoyt's Clever Farce Comefiy.
"A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
CSVAL POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c.
6Oc. 75c. ¦
Good Orcheatra, Seatg AU Mtflnwi 25c %:
" ~- ,-.*.:' '.¦'"¦.*¦/¦ '
*TI¥©L1*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATTKEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE REIGNING FAVORITE IS
THE
AMEER!
THE KING OP FUN-MAKERS.
Next Opera — "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 75o
Telephone Bush 9.
Belasoo Jfc Thall........... .....Managers
'
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Play,
TOOGUE'S COMEDY]
Special Production— Costly Costumes.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND SUNDAY.
Seats en Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c
Bext — "THE ORIENT EXPRESS."
TO-DAT— To-Nlsht— All Next Week.
TTllllam Greet Presents . the Powerful Young
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES D ALTON
Zn WX&EON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama.
THE SIGN OF THE GROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
Note. — Seats for the sec-
ond and last week o? The
Sign of the Cross now
ready.
Theater Thoroug-hly Heated With Steam.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evening:— Last Time.
The Latest New York Dramatic Success.
A Young Wife
Don't Mies This Melodramatic Treat.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
ppifcr EVGS-lOc, 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
riULLO MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— "AN AFRICAN KING."
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURE
p>
JUDGE WILLIAM G. EWING of Thicago,
111., a member of the Christian Science Board
of Lectureship of the First Church of Christ.
Scientist, in Boston. Mass.. will lecture in
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON. Feb. 10. at 3 o'clock: subect. "Chris-
tian 6cience. Physician and Redeemer." Ad-
tnleglon free and the public cordially Invited.
HOFMANN^
TB.S GREAT PIANIST.
THIS (SATURDAY) AFTtRNOOM,
JU METROPOLITAN HALL, at 3 O'clock.
LAST DAY AND NIGHT.
FairylandJJarniva],
MECHANICS' PAVILION;
DOORS OPEN FROM 1 TO 11 P. M.
Absolutely Last Chance to See
* ELECTRICAL BALLET.
150 Children.
Children's Matinee, 3 p. m. Specialties and
Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 26c CHILDREN. 10c
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
COMMENCING TO-MORROW,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
THE FASHION PLATE DUO.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
gg|^ RACING
*• nfiln c !• Shins. I
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CL.VA
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. charp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
13:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting I
with trains stopping at the entrance to tt>«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all train* via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue 'cart at ! Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
SONG RECITALS
MONDAY and WEDNESDAY EVENINGS,
February 17 and 10.
Saturday Afternoon (Washington'* Birthday),
February 22.
SINGLE SEAT SALE NOW OPEN AT
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.!S
Prices, $1, $2, $3.
Coming — Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
I PALACE and j
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels ia the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and i
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city—depots, ferries and parks—
. pass the entrance..
American and European plans.
For Stomach Disorders*
•Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
YBgBlY
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
220 BROADWAT. N. Y.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ XF^ The LarrettAeatemlcal Museum in the \
m .« i!r"ii Worid. M e*ko«4«« or any contracted »
" MW *««?e »»«l«lTt.l/e»r«4 by the oldest T '
O fBJBi 1 i P eai:ist on th e Cout Est 36 years. Q
j t^&\ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ 1 SSPftl Consultation free and itrlcMr prirate. \
W I &efn Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ I KF m JPontiv* Cur* ia every ease undertaken. \
MFHYlSt w nte for Book. raiL»«ornY «f A
f IV 111 lannlAGE, MAILED FJtEE. (AT
\ ||, raluable book for mm) - \
9 DK. JOBDABf* CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
NEW WESTERN HOTm., .
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON 8T8.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free bath*;
hot and cold water every room; flre crates In
•very room: elevator runs all night.
>fS^OEWEY,STR0NG gcCO^gff^
/>V 'OctmmmmaammmmmmmmamZ.'y M^l
(1 -PATENTS! J)
MARKET ST. SF>&S^
ftirP n ft If I I /Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOYAEsBSfis
\J 1 1 1 !» ! 1 U I 1 1 U 6c Overcoats and
fjBPOT vallsea checked f re*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application. . . '
COAL, OOKE AND PIG IRON.
J- C- WILSON & CD-. Telephone "Sain 18m".
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C RHVPC £ TA Bnippin* Butchers. 101
JAJ- DllICDgtU Clay: TeL Mam 1»4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 171!).
PRINTING.
E.CBUGBES. ,U Ea^elt*: Si K.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
TUB H1CKS-JCDD CO.,
83 Flnt street. Eaa FrmcUco.
_^_^ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
;¦—-¦¦; ~~ -7- —
M ' ¦ a: m.i '¦¦ ..-¦-¦¦¦-; ••
5 Cigar* CALIFORNIA'S f^^^_^m^^^^ mw mm^^ ,~ ' xt7 ' Jf
\ 5C» "^^g&SlxiF* lT < AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. &'
*— — — : -: f.
i Glove Sate To-Day* I
1€ We have secured another hundred dozen of those e'egant Two-Clasp Glacs Kid G*ov« for Jf
X women in the newest shades of browns, tans, modes, beavers, white, pearl and "fQ „, j£
•J| fast black, with fir.e embroidered backs; extra good sewing and in a'l size;; £ *j&>Ql" if
. x which will be on sale to-day only, in main aisle, per pair . £
| Clothing Salem T Hosiery Sate. J
i 5 Men's Brand New Suits a Third Under Price An importer's sample line and short lots, *£
*^ — Choice of nearly '300 standard Emporium nearly' 4C00 pairs, for men and women; J
¦Jf- 512.50- suits, new wcolens in sttipeJ and divided into three lots ; ftx'ay only:
r.J checked e frecU,.aL.oplainbl^erg«iuntU 2 5c, 35c and 50c H«e-Kab $ .
I mWm •• $8.5O g||^ ; »: 4 21 C I
« Men's Long Cut . Ovzrcoats— With slash ..__. ':„ . »
% pockets and broad shoulders, all-wool oxford Womtn s 50c and 7ac Hcse— Pla:n black; *
* g-ay cheviots, less, than ' ¦ &g% Bg% " Wcnelieu and Rtmbrandt ribbed; fu!l Uce; »
-* 50 left; to-dav only ar W £ff *^ lace ankle; fancy hcse la str.pes, tt 3$ *%. X
J. .*4aat n- cTT c- o figures, etc.: to-day cn> . . 42a SJ) 2j» l(
X Boys J4-00 Two-Piece fuits — For ages 8 to 6 ' ' J £
J| 15 years only, all-wool fabrics in new shades Men's 25c, 35c and 50c 5oc**S — Plain back if
. oxford;gray, green, brown and blue, fancv and tan open work, fancy stripes, i^ m 1 f% 2»
3f mnrtures, etc., well made etc -> to-day -only, parr. . . mm m Mj> g
j and trimmed; to-day only^y^W* £r^5 J — i — '. — _ jf
X 'choice " to^iay onfy cf I Sq'pairathatTave WfiCSG ElTifo 1*01 SIB HCS *'
* - beensellingat for j^J^Q Halt PHCC |
'^ "~ 400 yards of Wide Embroidery, made on finest *
% Hats and Caps. *g»£$^ S
•J On accrunt of rain yesterday, the Frt- o i nc bes wide of which the sets are broken, X
JJ day Hat Sale continw.d io-dav. f \\\ narrow widths bebg sold; to-<lay half
J Men's $1.85 Fedora Ha's— All widths of iinlcs* g
jg brims, black, browns, nutria "9Q 3 °* yard for ' 1&O 7S« T»rd for . 33C %¦
JK or pearl color; cut to-day to 5PBBn&i0 40c yard for . 2 'O ji.oo yard for-5 OH
.& Boys* Golf Caps — In fancy and plain mix- 50c yard for . 2So $i-*5 yM& for. 63 D *[
2 tures, well made and of good *»
X materials; 25c values to-day only M*tG m -m. *-—>¦***¦* *'
I 1 — — — _ A Great Toilet Soap v
•j Candy Sale* Sale To-Day j:
S Mola«« and Butter Kisses-Smctly pure, -. value we .« offered . .^^ on!y Jt
.J high grade, made fresh last night and th,s four wr boxes-numb^ %
« morning in our factory on |P«»'»i that wr will not carry herea'ter-K^'a *?
,| regularly 35c Ib.j for Saturday "ggjf* Fm dc S iec: e , Milton, Savon de la Ducheae fc
J only, 600 lbs, at. . ... . mm**** and Savon d« VioleKes; box of <§f% in \
.f : — ~T '¦¦_, thr:e cakes, Saturday, for . . M^f® **
% Whiskey Sale. ¦ i
l^, j srti < srssa,' i syf <¦»*«» stocks izc*
5' gouJs. !,••:- 35° Stocks, made of three strands of *£
« Gallon, regularly f 4, to-day . ;' . $2*85 : ribbon, with lace effect inserting; _,
j» Bottle, regularly $t t to-day 73 O worth 35c; spec ; al to-daj . . . MJ&G V
THIS COUPON,
CLIPPED FROM THE CALL,
Admits One Child
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, If
TO THE
Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
AMUSEMENTS.Darieh canal project is not making so much
fuss > as Panama and Nicaragua: but it is youne yet r
i A writer in Harper's Weekly sa'ys Prince Henry- is
"one of the pleasantest royal gentlemen in the world.
Heis very good-looking and they say he has a clean,
sw'eet mind and a cheerful spirit.". ¦ After that ' there
can be no further, hesitation. 'Let him come in.
¦ The offer of the Brooklyn physician to submit his
body for vivisection has stirred up the District Attor
ney, who announces that if the vivisection be under
taken he will arrest every man concerned in it, and if
the doctor should die he will- try to get the operators
convicted of manslaughter. Thus we have a nice is
sue between law and surgery, and we shall see
•whether any of the would-be vivisectionists are will
ing to make martyrs of themselves in the interest of
science. - . . .
It is to be hoped the hill will be. adopted and the
efficacy of the plan demonstrated' by an American
t-'cmylc. The measure has many ebori. features^ • n
According to the report^ that come to us the. New
York bill is designed mainly to prevent the disfigure
ment pf the country by offensive advertising such as
has now become so prevalent throughout the United
States. It does not undertake to forbid such adver
tising altogether, but seeks^to make it less flaring and
obtrusive by imposing upon it a tax at' the rate "of
one cent for each two square feet of surface occupied.
It is provided that one-third of the revenue is to go
to the State and two-thirds to the county where the
advertising is displayed. .
. The Call has repeatedly directed attention to the
success of the taxation method of regulating the evil
and eliminating many of its" worst features. It has
been tested . on an extensive scale and for a long
period of time in France, and has been found to work
well in every particular. Should the New Yorkers,
therefore, adopt the proposed measure they would be
entering upon no untried experiment, but upon a
policy whose expediency has been demonstrated by
practice. According to recent reports the French
Government not only keeps the streets of its cities
and the landscape of its rural districts free from the
more hideous of advertising posters and lettering,
but it raises at the same time" an annual revenue of
3,000,000 francs from the advertising of the kind,
which it permits. . ,:j^; .-:: v v '-'I
SAN FRANCISCO, is not the only city where
high fences and billboards constitute at once a
nuisance and a menace to the community, nor
is it the only city where a difficulty has been found
in suppressing the evil. New. York is nearly as badly
off as ourselves in that respect, and. is now looking
for relief to the State Legislature, where a bill has
been introduced which undertakes to provide a "rem
edy by subjecting out-of-door advertising to taxa
tion.
REGULATING A NUISANCE.
A Massachusetts tramp .declared in . court that he
would rather go to jail for three months than to saw
wood for two hours, but probably the winter climate
had something to do with the decision. Sawing wood
is warming while it lasts, but it cannot keep a man
out of the blizzards fiom now until spring, and that
is what three months in >jail will do.
It' is not likely, however, that any germ has come,
down to this Congress from the old days when sick
and. wounded! soldiers lay in the basement .; of, the
Capitol. V There has been too -much whitewash used
about that building every year and at nearly all sea
sons of the year for any bacteria to have lived and
propagated through air the long period : that has in
tervened : since that bygone time. ; It is more likely
that the germs came from Washington itself; that
the door of the Capitol was left open, one night and
they blew in; or else that they were taken there by
Congressmen themselves, ' or sent' up in petitions, or
generated .by spontaneous creation. As for the lock
jaw germ, it may -have attained its admission by a
special .providence. What could • be better for* the
country than a ! prevalence of lockjaw among the
members of both, houses for the next. six months?
One speculator on the subject says the germs are
a survival of the Civil War, when the basement of the
Capitpl was for a time used as an emergency hospi
tal. A patriotic, people will not accept that theory.
The war has long been over, and all of its germs are
gone. Moreover, 1 a t soldier germ would not in
juriously affect Congress. It might prove beneficial
to almost any man in either House to get a good war
veteran germ in his blood., If it injured his health
it would at least give him a claim for a. Civil War
pension', and it. would be cheaper for the. Government
to pay him that than to pay him a salary as Congress
man. - -*.-'. • *
Here's a pretty howdy edo. Why should the Rep
resentatives produce twenty-three germs for every
seven produced by the Senators? Is it a mere ques
tion of the numerical .superiority of the membership
of the lower house, or is : there some deeper law' in
operation?
A WASHINGTON dispatch says: "More kinds
of disease germs have been found in the Capi
tol by Architect Woods than' exist in the
average bacteriological laboratory. He has secured
the bacteria of lockjaw, tuberculosis, typhoid, in
fluenza and many other diseases. The House has
produced twenty-three germs of various kinds to
seven found in the Senate Chamber.",
CONGRESSIONAL GERMS.
The jeymaturity of it is apparent. Reciprocity is
between independent Governments. The junta is de
manding free trade and promising reciprocity, but it
represents no government capable of making a tariff
or doing any other thing which governments may
do. Wait till Cuba has a government. Wait till we
see whether losing the sale of oiye-fortieth of her
sugar to Spain puts her in rags and tatters. Wait
till the American farmer is heard from on the subject
of a protection policy, of which he bears all the bur
dens and from which he gets none of the profits.
Meantime let experience deal with the woeful future
predicted for Cuba.
At present the free trade proposition is based upon
the expectation that Cuba will reciprocate by abating
her tariff on American manufactures. Why press
such a policy while Cuba has no government, • no
authority to promise anything nor to redeem any
thing?' t^r''- : 'i\
We know with much accuracy that free trade for
Cuban sugar means the destruction of our domestic
sugar industry. We know that it came into being
by protection. We know that it was the first signi
ficant extension of protection to agriculture, and we
know that the farmers of many States have profited'
by it, and that it means the addition of a new crop to
the variety by which they make a living from their
land. Extension of protection to them was an
economic experiment that has become a demonstra
tion. Why should it be abandoned, to the injury of
American farmers, in order that Cuba may be deliv
ered from hypothetical distress? Why not consider
the interest of the American farmer and make the
Cuban the subject of experiment? Why not let Cuba
go on, organize her government, take the indepen
dence for which she fought and which we gained for
her, and wait and see whether she goes over the hill
to the poorhouse by losing the chance to sell one
ton of sugar in Spain to forty sold in the United
States?
The statistics give the measure of that market.
Cuba sold in Spain from 189 1 to 1896 an average an
nually of $6,500,000. In the three years 1894-06 Cuba
Bold in Spain only 65,872 tons of sugar. In the same
years she sold in the United States 2,251,819 tons.
Our market is open to her on as good terms as in
1895-96, and if she prospered then, as it is declared
she did, when Spain was taking only one ton of her
sugar to forty tons sold in the United States, it is
somewhat difficult to see why. she is to be pauperized
by having the same market for forty tons to every
one ton she lost by losing the Spanish market
Over and over again the plea is made that by sep
arating Cuba from Spain we . were the means
of destroying Cuba's Spanish market, and she
has none left unless she can break into ours.
Inasmuch as the island was for twenty years
in a chronic state of rebellion against Spain
and her market, engaged in a bloody struggle
to separate from both, there is a far-fetchedness in
the accusation that we were guilty of the divorce.
Cuba made us weep the fountain of pity dry by her
talc of woe. We came to her rescue, and now we
are accused of losing her market for her!
rpHE free trade efforts of the Cuban junta con-
I tinue with unabated zeal, and profess to be en
•*¦ couraged by signs of weakening on the part of
members of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Cuban Boards of Trade and other commercial bodies
explode frequently with cries of distress, predicting
ruin and starvation for the island unless sugar, to
bacco and fruits get free entry to our market.
ECONOMIC EXPERIMENTS.
Sooner or later, however, there will be a reckoning
between the people and the War Office. Parliament
may postpone the issue and try to avoid disclosures
that would lead to a scandal,, but .the. public, mind is
evidently becoming excited over the revelations that
have been made by the press, * If the facts are not
made known by official investigation At is quite likely
some enterprising newspaper will take up the mat
ter and bring them to light. Too much has been
already made known for the question to be put by
altogether, and when once the coronation is over we
shall doubtless. find public sentiment forcing the Lib
erals to take up the fight or to abandon the field and
let the leadership of the opposition fass tnto the
more vigorous hands of the radicals.
The Liberals are not making as much use of these
disclosures as might be expected, but there is a prob
ability that their lack of vigor is due largely. to a de
sire on the part of the King to have a harmonious
Government and Parliament around him. at the time
of the coronation. 'Almost everything that is done
in Parliament shows the influence of a strong power
tending to peace and quietness. The 1 Liberals have
not only neglected to take the lead in making a sharp
opposition to the Government, but they have declined
to take advantage of the openings, nj^de : by the Irish
Nationalists. In short, .Liberals as: well. ;as Conserva
tives seem to have decided to let/tWs^session of Par
liament glide along as smoothly^as' possible to the
A specimen case is that of thV contract recently
granted for supplying meat to the army. Members of
the opposition in Parliament questioned the Ministry
on the subject, Jju.t the questions" were evaded. -An
investigation was undertaken outside the House, and
the result has been a statement that it can be proven
that the contract was sold three times.'. .The first con
tractor is alleged to have disposed of it for £10,000 to
parties who sold it afterward for £\o,boo % '-. and those
parties transferred it to Cecil Rhodes and the De
Beers group for a still larger sum. 'It is to be noted
that even, conservative journals that-ndo-not-join in
the cry of fraud admit that the expenditures of the
Government have been wasteful, or, as the Saturday
Review puts it, ''We have been swindled bn -a' very
large scale." ... . . . .
The Liberals have not made as yet any very vig
orous efforts to get exact statements from the. Min
istry,'but they have managed to bring about disclos-'
ures which tend to the conclusion that scarcely any
kind of supplies have been obtained for the army on
strict business principles, and with -due regard for
economy and efficiency. It is- charged that speculat
ing contractors have, obtained contracts from the
Government upon terms' which enabled them to'make
thousands of pounds by ...reselling them, and in some
cases the charges set forth specific, instances of such
frauds. . £ '.-'¦ ¦'' .'.-.
in South Africa threaten to precipitate upon the Brit
ish public a scandal of .vast proportions.'/ There are
rumors and reports of frauds in^qrc things than in
the prices paid for. horses, and while these are doubtr
less exaggerated, as such rumors generally, are, it ap
pears .that a thorough overhauling of the War Office
is something like a matter of necessity if the interests
of the army and of the, treasury are to be conserved.
DEVELOPMENTS : which have' followed the*
demand in Parliament "for an investigation of
the charges made against the War. Office in.,
connection with the purchase of horses- for,' the army,
BRITISH ARMY SCANDALS.
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 15. I9<«
' J0HN .J* p -L e i^
AUkn All CtnunsBlntieBJ U W. B. LEAKS, Htntpr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ..... .Telephone Pr« ¦¦
rUBLICATIOJT OPFICIS... Market and Tfctrd, S. P.
Telephone Press SOI.
nor Ton I At, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. /
Delivered t»r Carriers, X5 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. K Cents.
"'Termw Itr Mall. Inelndlnc Postarei-
DAILT CALL. (tadufiln* Sunday), one year $5.00
PAILT CALL flndudlnr Sunday), « month* 9.00
PAILT CALL <iDdu41n« Sunday). * month* •'. *•«•
PAILT CALL — By Eln#rle Month e5 °
FUN-DAT CALL. One Year I™'
WEEKLT CAI.U Oa« Toar •• l - <n
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies wIU be forwarded when requested.
Man subscriber* ta ordering chanre of address should b«
particular to tire both- NEW AND OL.D ADDRESS in order
to Smart a prompt and correct compliant* with their request.
• »AICLA>D OFFICE .1118 Broadirny
C. GEORGE KROGJfESS. . y
Xaaager Ttnign Airertising, Xarfnttta Building. Chieag*.
<Lcnt Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: '¦ - '. ' '
C C CAHLTON". . .... . . ... ...... .Herald Square
NEW TORE REPRESENT ATIVK:
HEPHEJV D. SMITH. ...... -SO Tribune BnlldlnK
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. . ¦ ', :
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cberman Hoocc; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremcnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G%U N. W.
MOttTON E. CRAM3. Correspondent.
BRASCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. AS?
McAllister, cfen until 9:30 o'clock. 61.1 Larkln, open until
«:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22<>1
JUarKct, ccr at* Sixteenth, open mtil 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until il o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 0 o'clock. ¦- 220O Flllmore. rpen until 9 p. m.
The anti-laundry people are described in general
terms as "covites," white, but semi-civilized. The
situation they have created is complicated by the peo
ple of Tullahoma, a near-by town, where civilization
has its outward and visible signs in a newspaper and
opera-house, who declare that they will defend the
laundry vi et armis. And there the situation stands,
in statu quo. The university is short one laundry
and two officers, and the cause of higher culture is in
danger. Well may* the collegian cry out for one hour
of the student body of Harvard or Yale, to put, the
Sewaneese under that discipline for which they are
celebrated. One initiation into a Greek letter frater
nity would teach that leisure class enormities of which
it never dreamed, and make its native barbarities_ look
like the sport of babes and sucklings.
They met the obdurate university a trifle more than
half way by notifying its officers that they would kill
them all. A skull and crossbones committee visited
the vice chancellor and steward of the institution with
a foot rule to measure the shortness of their shrift,
and steward and vice chancellor stood not upon the
order of their going but went at once, and are not
any more forever up to this moment in Sewanee. The
other professors are in a sort of siege, and the laun
dry is not going up.
The officers concluded the time had come to be ob
durate, and so they obdurated, publicly and defiantly.
But they had not counted on the persistence of the
leisure class of Sewanee. With them it was a ques
tion of having to go at work to support their wives
instead of being supported by them.
The faculty and trustees of the Southern Univer
sity ruminated over this wash business — chewed the
rag. so to speak— and decided to wash out the indig
nit3 r in another laundry. When this purpose became
known the leisure class of Sewanee served notice on
the university authorities that not only would the
new laundry be destroyed if built, but if the intention
to build it were not at once abandofted all the build
ings of the university would be blown up or down, as
the case may be, with dynamite. . .
But the Southern University aspired to wash its
Ov.'n linen; and constructed a laundry, with all the
modern improvements, for that purpose. Then
Sewance's leisure class arose with torch in hand and
burned the laundry to the bitter end, and notified. the
university not to build another, but to continue let
ting out its wash to the neighbors.
In its developmental period the washing for- the fac
ulty and students had been done, by the people of the
neighborhood. As it could be done by women it re
leased the bread-winners from responsibility and they
could hunt, fish/talk politics, lynch niggers and
drink red' 'liquor! Sewanee by this means had
achieved a "leisure class," which was highly appre
ciated, by itself.
Another case of neighborhood discipline, has just
occurred in Tennessee. Away, down at Sewanee, in
that State, the philomathic heart is turning ever, be
cause there's where the Southern University stays.
Down South there has arisen a form of university
trouble that is peculiar. The trustees of the Agricul
tural University of Florida found necessary the occu
pation." of. a part of the ground that in its period of
disuse . had accommodated the public as a by-way,
a cut across lots. The people resented the reclama
tion of their own by the trustees, and to emphasize
their resentment fired the house of the president at
night, nearly cremating his family and destroying the
cherished relics and scientific and artistic collections
of a lifetime. The fact that the president was 4 from
the North probably accounted for his selection for.
'admonitory purposes instead of the trustees, ¦• who
were. residents. The fact that the president had noth
ing to do with the land in dispute nor its disposition
did not figure with these promoters of public rights.
t IFE is not all Greek roots and logarithms with
I American . universities. True, the epidemic or.
-¦—'sporadic check of the millionaire maketh glad,
the heart of the faculty and causeth the student body
to carmine the campus, and commencement comes'
and goes in great radiance. The alumni meet and
dine and put garlands on the brick or marble brow
of Alma Mater and call the roll of great men suckled
by her. The graduates go forth' in the fond -belief
that the. world is a great pie, and, using their dip
lomas as a knife, they will cut a slice therefrom that
is just their size. But they find many at life's pie
counter, and with pick and spade some chip at it;
others use the sword and some the pen, and still
others try to carve a piece with a poker hand, and
the graduate must needs compete with many in a field
that he expected to. occupy alone.
Should New York adopt the bill. other States will
be sure to follow the example.: In the meantime it is
for San Francisco to decide whether she will be a
follower or a leader in a movement so beneficial to
the public. The present high fence ordinance has
been declared invalid. A new one must be enacted.
Why not try taxation? : ,.
provides a check upon a "serious' and increasing evil,' it
tends to free 'cities Siom .-thef, dangerous nuisance of
high inflammable fences along the principal "thor
oughfares, and finally if provides Wdesirable- addition
to the revenues of the community, by f a tax which, s °
far from being burdensome, will be positively bene
ficial to the public. Moreover, it will be a' tax which
cannot be shifted nor evaded, for billboard and.pos
ter advertising is too cdnspicuous to be overlooked,
even by ..the most dim-eyed of tax assessors or col
lectors. " ' , ;.'¦''' •'¦•''
PRESIDENT AND MRS. ROOSEVELT
WORSHIP AT DIFFERENT CHURCHES
UNIVERSITY DIFFICULTIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAEIi,- SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1902;
•FRACTIONAL CURRENCY— K/.H;,
City. One dealer In 'old coins offers for
5-ceht fractional notes of the .first issue,
with perforated 'edges, 'like ; postage
stamps, 25 cents 'for 10-cent *hote3 > of the
same issue, 40 cents, and for 25 : ceht notes
of that issue 50 cents. "For the'same. with
straight edges 50 per cent premium is gof
fered, ai5-cent ; note with the bust- .of
Clark commands a' premium: of 5 cents,
the -same with a red back a ; premium -of
15 : cents "and a : 25-cent note with the bust
of Fessendeh and " "25'' ' on : solid bronze
commands . a premium of " *2 25. .' These
premiums ; ; are - offered ' only "• for .- new < and
'orlftn 1 riotca.'"' ';'•"* '/" ¦ ' " * *'. ": '. -
PAID UP CAPITAL— P. M. f Santa Rosa,
Cal. If a '. number of men organize' a cor
poration with a stated amount of capital
and so many shares and the shareholders
pay up the full amount of the stock, the
treasurer should have in his hands or un
der his control the full amount of the cap-,
Italizatiori; less possibly such sums as he
may have been authorized to' pay for the
necessary. expenses; of the corporation.'
HOFF'S: REMEDY— T.' O., San Rafael,
Cal. y This. department has not' been able
to find any account of the medical world
having been electrified by any remedy for
the cure of consumption by a Dr. Hoff at
any time within the last ten years. Some
years ago Dr. Koch presented to the med
ical world a discovery for the cure of that
disease, being the injection of virus, which
he fully explained. . ¦¦¦' .'/-.'
13 PREFERABLE CORNERS— Al S.,
City. The most preferable corners within
Devisadero and Webster Btreets, Golden
Gate avenue and Post street,"' are for resi
dence purposes the northeast . corners, for
they . receive the morning | and afternoon
sun ; and , for that reason command a
higher price. For other purposes corners
are valued according to conditions.
DETECTIVE AGENCY— D. D. D. f Oak
land, Cal. 'This department . does nof in
dorse or vouch for the reliability of any
individual 'or firms and for that . reason
cannot advise you if a certain detective
agency in Milwaukee is a reliable con
cern. Suggest that you direct a letter of
inquiry to the Police Department of that
city. . •
ANSWERING A LETTER— A. B. C. D.,
Oakland, Cal. If you saw "the advertise
ment of a lady who wanted a gentleman
correspondent" and you answered; it with
stamp inclosed for a reply, and have not
had the letter returned to you, it Is like
ly that the lady received your letter, but
did not desire to correspond.
"Of party -politics, the stage, wars,
fashions, the stock markets, and .so
forth," the editor will say In the preface,
"the magazine will : have little to do.
Chatter about- the private lives of indi
viduals, will be studiously avoided. Of
the subjects ! which remain we shall deal
Another new monthly .comes out. An
other goes to sleep. "Tlie Country" is
the name of the newcomer, which -Is ex
pected to . make its bow early, next
month. It Is to deal in a literary man
ner with the life, industiy and sports of
the country, and all rural matters In gen
eral. 'Messrs. Dent & Co., who are
bringing it out, . have : gone to Words
worth for : a motto . with which to adorn
the- new monthly: '_...
¦-, "Come into the light of things; :iet
Nature be your > teacher."
¦ What has been the result? .The pub
lishers are feeling It now very badly.
The state of affairs from their point of
view seems to be growing worse rather
than better. The people who used to buy
cheaper editions now wait until the libra
ries are shedding their surplus stocks,'
when they can buy second-hand copies.
The publisher also said that there are
only three authors 'now whose novels
could be published at a profit in two
shilling form, and that he had just
printed a first edition of three thousand
copies of a novel which a few years ago
would have run into ten thousand.
The three volume novel quickened tne
demand for a book in this way. Several
books were published for which there was
a very great demand among readers, and
libraries were forced to buy large quan
tities of copies. Then a lady wrote a
portentously serious novel , which ; a
stetesman belauded. The result was that
there was not a library subscriber in the
country but wanted to read it, "and that
without, any 'delay. The -libraries
'A'kicked" on realizing the influence of
the power that Issued : the edict, which
was the death knell of the three volume
novel.
The "three decker," as the three vol
ume novel used to be called, has been
dead for many years now, but it'i3
rather ¦ curious to learn how its death
has affected the publication of latter day
novels. It was a crcat boon in many
ways to tha public and th© libraries. So
far as the author and publisher are con
cerned, I learn from an obliging pub
lisher, the departure of the old "three
decker," Instead of helping cheaper edi
tions of .their books, has damaged their
sales to a very considerable extent.
There has, besn a , steady demand for
several works that are ' already popular,
and also with the expiration of the copy
right in several works of Darwin an In-'
creased demand has ¦ been experienced.
J. Murray's cheaper rcprinta have been
especially in request.
EXTRA PAY-A. M. S. , Martinez, • Cal.
All volunteers who during the Spanish-
American war served in a foreign coun
try were allowed two months' extra pay.
All who are entitled to such' should '; file
application with the War Department at
Washington, D.'C.
The engagements are announced of
Miss Ellen Thorneycroft Fowler and her
sister Edith. They are the daughters of.
Sir Henry Fowler, M. P. The literary
career of the first named lady is well
known, but Miss Edith also has begun
to win fame as a novelist. Miss Ellen
Fowler has become engaged to Afred
1* Felkin. M. A., of the Royal Naval
College. Eltham. while Miss Edith i3 to
marry the Rev. W. R. Hamilton, vicar
of St. George's Church, Wolverhampton
Miss Margaret Warr end er, who is at
present engaged on the lif e of the late
Lady John Scott, is the composer of the
world famous song, "Annie Laurie"
The scheme to erect a memorial to
the author of "Lorna Doone" in Exeter
Cathedral has been entirely successful.
A sum of £200 ($1000) has been sub
scribed in this country toward sculptur
ing a bust of Blackmore, and, when the
American contribution has been received
it is Intimated the Ii3t will be closed.
with those which in some way are con
nected with rural life." In, the first
number the honorable Mrs. Earle la to
contribute an article on "Unfamiliar
Flowers." The Marquess of Granby is
down for "Midwinter Musing." "Notes
from the Royal Gardens" will be con
tributed by John Dunn, the head gar
dener of Windsor. The monthly maga
zine that goes to sleep 13 the poor little
"Thrush," which ~ piped for about a
year. Though many of England's best
poets have sung the public would not
listen.
H. Z. Osbourne, United States Marshal
of the Southern District of California, Is
at -the Palace.
Dr. Kelfer, a well-known physician of
Los Angeles, Is at the Grand with his
wife.
H. L. Shannon' of Redding Is at tn«
Lick. ,\ J. : --;} ;: : ::
W. D. TUlotson of Redding: Is at tnq
Grand. . . ¦;,'.
W. G. Kerchoff of Los Angelea la at tha
Palace.
C. C. Balding; a mining man of OrovHl*,
Is at the Lick.
C. J. Titus, a banker of Mountain "View,
is at the Palace.
C. M. Hartley, a fruit grower of Vaoa
ville, is at. the Grand,
J. A. Yerrington of the California and
Truckee Railroad is at the Palace,
Captain J. N. Patton, U. S. aL. stationed
at Mare Island, is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
CHURCHES ATTENDED BT U'HE PRESIDENT AND* "WIFE AND
THEIR RESPECTIVE PASTORS. MR. ROOSEVELT'S IS THE GER
MAN REFORMED: MRS. ROOSEVELT'S IS THE ENGLISH CHURCH.
John's Church has. always been known aa
the President's church. It is also known
as the English church. More than half
the country's presidents and nearly all
the members of the British embassies
have worshiped there. It is the chief
senatorial and cabinet religious rendez
vous. The many outsiders and strangers
who flock thither generally have to wait
until the communicants are in their pews.
The church is situated on Sixteenth and
H streets, just across Lafayette . square
from the White. House, opposite Secretary
Hay's home and a block from Senator
Depew's mansion. The interior is rich
and elaborate. The vested choir and the.
mighty organ are in contrast to the vol
unteer singers and the- melodion at the
President's church.
The Rev. Mackey-Smlth, the rector of
the chjurch. is very wealthy by In
heritance and gives over his salary to
works of charity for the "Washington poor.
He lives In a fine home on Sixteenth, street
near Massachusetts avenue. Sometimes
the children attend church with Mrs.
Roosevelt. They will be left to decide for
themselves as to what church they will
become members of. These two churches
are a Sunday sight for visitors.
SOME comment has been
caused by reason cf the fact that
; President Roosevelt attends one
• : church in Washington and Mrs.
Roosevelt another, says the New
York Commercial Advertiser. Some peo
ple have drawn deductions and compari
sons, and. attempted to tinge. the circum
stance with jugt a shade of sensational
ism. The President's church is democrat
ic; Mrs. Roosevelt's aristocratic, etc. The
simple fact is' that each attends the
church of his and her preference, and that
apparently is all there Is to the matter.
Both churches are small. The Presi
dent's church, the German Reformed, the
Rev. John Schick, pastor, is, ft is. true,
quite democratic. At the President's
church all strangers must come before 11
o'clock to be admitted,' for as the seats
are all free, the church is crowded by
that time. At the other only those who
come after 11:15 o'clock, when it. is sup-.,
posed alt the pew owners have taken their i
seats, are admitted. ' '
The President is of the Dutch Reformed
faith, but his church not being represent
ed at the capital, he attends the German
Reform. He is a constant and punctual
Sunday morning attendant, but he at
tends at no other time. He leaves the
south front of the White House at twenty
minutes to 11 sharp. He is generally ac
companied by two or more of his . chil
dren, and sometimes by friends he hap
pens to be entertaining.
The little church is a crude affair. It
was established twenty-three years ago
as a mission to the capital, but It was
thought several times it would have to be
abandoned. Its average membership until
recent years was but thirty-five. ' Under
the present pastor it grew to number 100
communicants.
Mrs. Roosevelt does not, like her 'hus
band, shine alone at her church. . St. j
ANSWERS TO QUERIES. :[
6
By Wra. G. Layng — Monday evening, February 17. at 7:45
o'clock. Rac«hor«es a^id Stallions, at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "In the Palace of the Kinc" . •
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houses — "Raglan's "Way."
CaUfornla — "The Sign of the Cross."
TI\ - olI — "The Ameer."
Central — "A. Tounc Wife.'*
Alcazar — "The Rogrue's Comedy."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
Ehennan-Clay Hall — Angelus Piano Player Recital this aft-
ernoon.
Metropolitan Kail — Piano Recital this afternoon.
Metropolitan Hall — Song Recital Monday evening. Feb. 17. !
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont,
somerr street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound,. in fire-etched boxes or Jarj baa-'
keta. A nice present for Eastern friend*
639 Market St., Palaca Hotel building. «
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townaend'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*Bell ; Teala' Briquettes, '[¦ $9 per ' ton. ' ' Best ' and
cheapest ¦ fuel ' for ; kitchen • and • grate. Phone
South W i about, mem. t> £• i: <_¦: j •
Only Reliable , Coal ¦ Dealers
MILWAUKEE. WIs.. Feb. 11— VTcri wm
received in Milwaukee to-day of the sulcidi*
by i.anslng Of David C. Jones, a weil-kmvwn
railroad man. at Ottumwa. Iowa. Jones for
merly . was division freight agent of me 3c
Paul road at Milwaukee, general Northwestern,
freight agent at Minneapolis, and later divi
sion freight agent at Cedar Ra^ldj, Iowa.
Dr. Wong Woo gave a New Year's ban
quet to many of his American and Chi
nese friends last evening at a restaurant
In Chinatown. ' Among those present were
Mrs. Nellie Abbott, Clyde Abbott, Mr. and
Mra. Bucket, Miss Buckel, Mr. and - Mrs.
A. J. Rravey, Miss A. H. Wandka, Mr.
and Mm. Lachman, Miss Rosely Sterelor,
J. Kick, Mr. and > Mrs. George Peters,
Mr. and Mrs. George T. Roberta Jr., Mr.
Chinese Doctor Entertains.
Overture, V "Silver';' Bell,"*'" orchestra; song,
George ' King ; violin : solo, ' Miss Bessie Tuhrer ;
duet, Messrs. Jones and Davis; selection; or
chestra : recitation. . Mrt. ' K. . P. Ockender : aria,
Mme. . Tetlua. ¦ Evans-Burrll ; sons. ¦ TV P. Jones;
inarch orchestra. . The accompanists ,were Mr*.
W. •¦•J.'-'Batchelder, Miss Elsa Tuhrer, Miss
Adami and Mfss Margaret Evans.
The first concert given by j the 'Orchestra
of the Howard Presbyterian: Church, cor
ner ' of Oak j'and ' Baker streets;' .was ¦ held
last night. The following interesting pro
gramme was well - rendered :
Howard Presbyterian Church Concert
The " Woman's .Christian -.Temperance
Union of San Francisco will observe the
anniversary of the death of Miss Frances
Willard on Sunday, ; February 6.". at ; the
United Presbyterian Church, corner of
Polk street and. .Golden Gate avenue.
Services will be conducted by the pastor,
Rev: Mr. Bell,', and a musical programme
will be rendered.y^i^S^^jjjjfej'^aSa^
Frances Willard Anniversary.
MacArtiur Visits Prescott
PRESCOTT, Ariz. . Feb. 14.— General
Mac Arthur, commander of the Military
Department cf Arizona, with headquar
ters iw Denver, arrived here this after
noon by special train with President S.
P. RIpley of the Santa Fa system. Gen
eral MacArthur will make an examina
tion of Whlpple Barracks, with the vie*
of determining the advisability of recom
mending- the re-establishment : of a mili
tary post here.
Music-lovers were not deterred by' the
rain yesterday and the symphony concert
was well attended. t Director Steindorff
led his superb orchestra with rare judg
ment and brought out the poetry in the
various selections rendered with feeling
and skill. The musicians played more in
unison and their efforts were greatly ap
preciated by their auditors. The first
m ov«me'nt of Franz Schubert's unfinished
symphony was well rendered by the or
chestra. A selection by Bizet was light
and airy and recalled this great com
poser's "Carmen." The programme ren
dered was as follows:
Overture "The Life of the Czar"..M. J. Glinka
PvmDhony No. 8, B. minor (unfinished).... ..
" Franz . Schubert
' '<a> Allegro moderate
<b) Andante con moto
Huldigun*'B march ........... Richard V> agncr
Suite l'Arleslenne, No. 1 G.Blret
Symphonic Poem. Phaeton ....C. Salnt-Sa«ns
Rainstorm Does Not Deter the Lovers
of "Music From Turning Out
in Numbers.
SYMPHONY CONCERT
DRAWS BIG AUDIENCE
This week's News Letter is a valentine
number and ¦ contains : some very pat jin
gles from; ; the saint, to several of our, citi
zen's. There is also, a clever valentine
correspondence in Katzen jammer dialect.
The News Letter's fearless stand on the
question of ' Chinese ' exclusion is being
widely read by both friends and . enemies
and this week's ' editorial ' contains some
startling facts.- "Leaves From a Volun
teer's Diary". Is! a' clever, paper by W. O'
McGeehan, giving some Philippine ex«
periences in a terse, humorous style.
There are some stories in the Looker On
that the gossip-lover- cannot < afford to
miss, and .the; Town Crier is divertlnply
satirical. • • ¦ • " > . ' ' •
To-Day's News Letter.
There was a large attendance, at ,the
recital given by the pupils of Miss Lotte
Siegel in Sherman',, Clay & Co.'a Hall! last
night. , The programme rendered was as
follows: f V
. (a) ."Aller8eelen.".'(b) "Fruhllnarslled," Miss
Lewkovltz; (a) , "Since First I Met Thee,"
(b) "Love Is a Bubble," (c) "Das Fruhroth
Leuchtet.'.' Miss > Emllie Plagemann; (a) "For
This." (b). "Through Sunny" Spain," Mrs.
George D. Graham; (a) prologue from "I Pag
llaccl." (b) '.'Wanderlust." Oskar Frank: (a)
aria and recltattv from "Figaro." (b) "Ich Liebo
Dlch,"- M I ss<OlBa, Wagner; (a) "•Sunset," (b)
"Le Parlate d'Amor," from : "Faust." r Miss
Lillian Wilson; Walter's* prize song from "Die
Melaterslnger," Luclua Solomons; "Elsa's
Dream," from "Lohengrin," Mrs. Lucius Soick
tnons. . "
". Amateur ; Vocalists.'
Rendered by Several Well-Known
Classical Numbers Are Pleasantly
MISS SIEGEL'S PTTPILS
GIVE A SONG RECITAL
The grand march was led by Harry As
croft and Mrs. Noah, past matron of Ivy
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star.
The members of the" drill • corps of tho
thirty-second degree' appeared in their
costly costumes of .black with baldric
trimmed with heavy bullion gold fringe.
Harry Ascroft, chairman of the even
ing, spoke a few words of welcome,' after
which "Every Day Waltz" was rendered
by the Knickerbocker male quartet. Mrs.
Grace ' Morris Dlckman sang a contralto
solo, which was followed by a 'cello 6olo
by Arthur Weiss. " Herbert Williams sang
"Violets" and "Absent" and William Lee
Greenleafe gave several impersonations,
including one of Bill Nye telling his ex
perience with a dentist. Mrs. L. A. Lar
een rendered a cornet solo and there was
a soprano solo by Miss Grace I. Davis,
a bass solo by L. A. Larsen, comicalities
by Billy Hynea and "Good-night" -by the
quartet. At the close of the musical pro
gramme there was dancing In the main
hall and in the upper banquet hall. Dur
ing the Intermission all present adjourned
to the lower banquet hall, where a colla
tion was served.
The main hall was ' elaborately deco
rated with bunting, American flags and
streamers and rose and white net, which
relieved an artistic arrangement of silver
bullion frieze. Over the stage, which was
a bower of potted plants and shrubs,
were the letters A. A. S. R. in electric
lights. The effect of the decoration, cen
tral and mural, together with the hand
some costumes of the ladies, produce'd an
effect that was most pleasing. A novelty
in. the. decorations was the Introduction
of a number of illuminated hearts in
commemoration of St. Valentine's day. .
. The entertainment and dance given by
the several local bodies of the Scottish
Rite Mason9 In Golden Gate Hall last
night was one of the most pleasant events
that has taken place here for years.
Despite the downpour of rain there was
an attendance that filled the main hall
to its fullest seating capacity. Among
those present were many of our most
prominent citizens. There was also a
large representation of ladles who are
well known In social circles.
William Coffey, who is employed by the
American Fish Company, was held up by
two masked men at the corner of Post
and Gough streets early yesterday morn
ing and robbed of $13. Coffey,' according
to .: his story, was- walking along Post
street, and when In front of the Protes
tant Orphan Asylum was attacked by two
robbers, one of whom . thrust a revolver
in his face with tho command to throw
up his hands. After relieving him of his
money one of the desperate fellows struck
him : in the face, knocking him down.
When he regained his feet the rohbers
had disappeared.
Shortly after the occurrence Coffey met
Police Officer John Davids, to whom ho
told the- story of being held up and
robbed. Davids at once notified Lieuten
ant Martin, who promptly sent two of his
men to hunt for the robbers. They visit
ed the scene of the hold-up, but failed to
get a trace of them. ; ¦
Coffey; described the man , who pointed
the revolver .at him as being about 5
feet 9 inches In height and dressed in a
dark suit of clothes. The other was about
four inches shorter and weighed in the
neighborhood of 160 pounds. They wore
dark masks. Coffey Is satisfied that he
could ¦; Identify the robbers in the event
they are . arrested. '
"I have said nothing about the matter,
find did not want anything said just yet.
Some one at Washington must have given
It out. - It is true that the President said
tha:, but he was in a jovial mood, and n«
doubt was just Jokingr."
Asked if he would accept the nomination.
Parry said: that' until .there was some
chance of getting it he would not antici
pate. ; ."•
Asked to-night If it was true that Pres
ident Roosevelt had asked him how h«
would like to go on the ticket with him
In 1904, Parry said:
Senator Beveridge has told Parry and
othir friends that he will not allow the
use of his name in connection with the
Vice Presidential nomination. It Is un
derstood here that he has his eyes, on a
higher place some time in the future.
Parry was at tho head of the business
men's organization which helped to elect
Beveridge Senator. The latter now wants
to pay his debt. fflSWVBSjw*
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 14.— D. M. Parry,
president of the Parry Manufacturing
Company and vice president of the Na
tional Manufacturers' Association, is be
ing backed for the Vice Presidential nom
ination in 1904 by_Senator Beveridge and
politicians of New "York and Pennsylva
nia, -who have been here to see Parry
within three weeks on the matter.
Parry was In' Washington two weeks
ago and called on the President with Sen
ator Beveridge. While the two were dis
cussing the possibility of having the Pres
ident in Indianapolis in May. when* the
National Convention of Manufacturers
will be In session, the conversation turned
to Indiana politics. President Roosevelt
jovially slapped Parry on the back and
said: '
"How would you like to be on the ticket
with me in 1904?" .
Parry smiled and said he was in Wash
ington solely to secure the presence of the
President at the convention.
Special D!sratch ¦ to Ths Call.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. I Feb. 14.— A mining
deal was consummated here' to-day by
whlch'Mrs. A. V. Kautz, widow of /the
late General Kautz, sold' the Copper
Group mines, consisting of - two claims,
to thc-McCabe Extension Mining Com
pany.. The exact price .was not given out,
but !t is" known to have been more than
$100,000. "The property Is located within a
mile of -that formerly owned by the Me-
Cabe Extension Company and , the same
distance from the McCabe and Gladstone
mines, both of which were sold recently.
Copper Group Mines Sold.*
* This question and the reply to it caused
Senator Morgan to enter on a course of
inquiry 'calculated to bring out the fact
that the coastwise trade would be better
nerved through the Nicaragua route than
through the Panama route. Morgan
stated that 57 per cent of this coastwise
trade is conducted by sailing vessels, and
the witness said In -. reply to the inquiry
that sailing vessels would.be better ac
commodated in the Nicaragua canal than
In the Panama canal. Senator Hanna
met these points with the statement that
comparatively little of the . coastwise
trade would cross the isthmus through
either canal. • ¦ ' - •'
"Taking the whole ' proposition, do you
consider the Panama proposition bettor
than the Nicaragua proposition?" asked
Hanna. ,
"I think It Is," promptly responded the
witness.
Noble said that it would be necessary
to have absolute control of the cities of
Panama and Colon in order to control
sanitation. He thought the .conditions
were favorable for yellow fever during
most of the year on the isthmus, though
he was not a sanitary engineer. There
was no yellow fever in Nicaragua eo far
as he knew. ¦;• ¦•', 'L.'"
Noble- said the principal engineering
features of the Bohlo dam on the Pan
ama route were more difficult than those
of tho Conchido dam on the Nicaragua
route. As to harbors, he thought both
routes about equal, as he had no doubt
about the possibility of constructing the
Bohlo dam. t .
Noble said he considered the price of
|40 000,000 asked by the Panama Company
for its property as fair and reasonable.
The expense of operation of the two lines*
would be in proportion to the length of
the canals.
Referring to the difference in the cost
of operating the two proposed canals,
which the witness had said would
amount to about $1,300,000 annually in fa
vor of the Panama route, Senator Hanna
suggested that this would be Interest on
the capitalization of J65.O0O.O0O, buf the
witness said that he had not made any
such calculation.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— Fred Noble,
civil engineer and a member of the Isth
mian Commission, was before the Senate
Committee on Interoceanlc Canals to-day.
William Ooffey Suffers
Beating at Hands
of Thugs.
Local Bodies Entertain
Their Lady Friends at
John Morrisey, the vaudeville manager,
has been made an honorary member of
the Widows and Orphans' Aid Association
of the San Francisco Police Department;
This honor was conferred upon him. Jan
uary 10. Lieutenant Martin and Captain
Wright called upon him yesterday and
presented him with a handsomely framed
certificate of membership.
Morrisey was surprised and delighted at
the thoughtfulness of the donors, but mod
estly refrained from taking any credit
to himself for the assistance given the
Police Department In their annual bene
fit entertainments. He said the thanks of
the department were really due the offi
cer* of the Orpheum Circuit Company, of
.which he is the representative.
In presenting. the. certificate, Lieutenant
Martin expressed the appreciation of the
members of the Police Department of
Morrisey's individual efforts in behalf of
their association. Morrisey appreciated
the honor bestowed upon him. and said
the Orpheum Circuit Company* would al
ways be ready and willing to aid the de
partment at any and all times.
Association.
of Widows' and Orphans' Aid
He Is Elected an Honorary Member
JOHN MOBBISEY HONORED „¦-.
. BY. POLICE DEPARTMENT
Engineer Says Fever Pre
vails on the -Isthmus
Route.
President Invites Parry
to Try for Second
X"\l£lC©.
and Mrs. T. J. O'Neill, Mrs. Katherine
Ross, Miss Alice Cnchton.' Miss Edith
Evans, Miss Hattle Lange. Chew Yin, Jug
Lee, Lue Yin, Jue Tung, Sue Tong Num.
Horn Tung, Miss Wong Lum, Yong Yen
and Louis Quong. The dinner consisted
of twenty-two courses.
YELLOW JACK
MAY MENACE
"WILL YOU RUN?"
SAYS ROOSVELT
. l ;• .L ;'.:¦¦ .:• . .
SOME VALENTINES CARICA
TURIST WARREN PREPARED
BUT NEGLECTED TO MAIL. '.
Governor Gage, acting on the advice of
his counselors, declares himself a can
didate for renomination. There is no
dcubt now that he will enter the fight
vigorously to win a solid . delegation
from Los Angeles County. The anti-boss
forces of the south have resolved to give
him battle in his own county, ana the In
dications are that the contest will be one
of the liveliest character. There Is a
strong sentiment in the south in favor of
redeeming the State convention promise
of 1S3S that southern delegates would
join hands in 1902 and give the guberna
torial nomination to some Republican in
the north. There is nothing of a sectional
character in the suggestion. The prin
ciple of fair play, however, is involved.
In 1S30 H. H. Markham of Los Angeles
was nominated for Governor. In 1894 M.
M. Estee of Napa received the nomina
tion. In 1898 Henry T. Gage of Los An
geles got the nomination, as he says, by
acclamation. If the rule of fair play Is
respected a northern candidate will be
nominated this year. In the convention
at the pavilion in Sacramento In 1298 Gage
heard the declarations that the south
would come up the next time strongly in
favor of a Governor from the north. An
acceptable nominee for Governor should
surely be found In a list embracing such
eminent names as E. F. Preston, Thomas
Flint Jr.. Dr. George C. Pardee, E. P.
Colgan. Harold T. Power, E. C. Voorhels,
E. B. Edson, W. M. Cutter and N. P.
Chipman. ;~.
Democrats Are Deeply Interested.
The Democrats are taking the keenest
sort of interest in the contest for the Re
publican nomination. Leaders of that
party entertain the hope that Gage's
nomination will be forced on the Republi
can convention by the sheer weight of
pressure from the machine. They fancy
that independent anti-boss Republicans
Will not enter the campaign .with any
spirit of confidence If Gage is placed at
the head of the ticket, and placed there
by such raw political methods as Walter
Parker, John Lynch and John Mackenzie
are apt to introduce.
Stale Senator Charles iZ. Belshaw of the
Contra Costa and Marln district arrived
in the city yesterday from Los Angeles.
Senator Belshaw, accompanied by his
wife left the State last September. He
visited New York. Boston. Washington,
D. C. Montreal. St. Augustine, Charles
ton, St. Louis, New Orleans and the City
of Mexico. In Washington he was kindly
received by the President, members of the
Cabinet and the Senators and Represen
tatives of the California delegation. In
the Legislature of this State Belshaw had
the pleasure of voting for both Senators
Perkins and Bard and was accorded the
honor of nominating the senior Senator.
It is quite well known in California that
Senator Perkins owes much of his ad
vancement in public life to the manly and
honorable support of such men as Senator
Belshaw.
Thinks the Gage Forces Are "Weak.
In Southern California Belshaw sized up
the political situation and It is his Judg
ment that the Gage forces are weak and
actually despondent, although they put on
a. bold front. He says that the organiza
tion of Flint clubs is progressing and that
the members joining are men who repre
sent the best elements of citizenship. Next
Tuesday one of the clubs will give a* re
ception to Senator Flint, who arrived In
Los Angeles day before yesterday. The In
formal greeting to Flint next Tuesday
will signify whether there is any enthu
siasm in Los Angeles for Gage's boldest
opponent. _
Word comes from the south that County
Clerk Charles W. Bell of Los Angeles has
entered the contest for nomination to the
> office of Secretary of State. Truman
beeves State Treasurer, is a candidate
for renomin&tion. He was In the south at
last accounts, rallying his forces for the
fray.
SCOTTISH RITE
MASONS DANCE
THE small boy and the ardent lover,
the little girl and her big sister
remembered that yesterday was
St. Valentino's day, and each ob
¦;J.v served the occasion in a befitting
manner. Every youngster laid in a sup
ply of comic valentines and sent them to
the people living in his vicinity. When
his supply was exhausted he chalked a
square in the entrance way, rang the bell
and at a safe distance laughed at the
person who attempted to pick up the
phantom missive. He also borrowed old
clothes and with the assistance of his
chums fitted out a "stuffed man." The
little wretches would place this in the
path of an oncoming electric car and
watch the motorman bring his car to a
halt with a suddenness that rattled the
back teeth of the passengers.
The ardent lover took the opportunity
to send tributes of love to his adored one.
These handsomely painted affairs were
filled with extract.? from the leaves of
MASKED ROBBERS
ASSAULT VICTIM
alleged poets.-. Some of them read:
I am thine. and you are mine
And nothing can cut bur love in twine.
You're my little love
. In many of the schools the children
were. permitted to tend pretty valentines
to each other. 'Of course the teacher was
remembered, but the little girl who re
ceived the most valentines was looked
upon in envy by her classmates who were
not possessed of as many ardent ad
mirers. Her big sister waited the com
ing of the overburdened postman. If she
received an anonymous enverope contain
ing a satirical va'entlne reminding her
that she was an "old maid" she had to
grin and bear it»
So. St. Valentine's day has come'and
gone. It brought pleasure to many and
disappointment to a few. Some received
handsome ones and others received cari
catures that first made them angry and
lastly, too.
Supervisors Comte, Brandenstein and
Booth were inclined to postpone action,
holding that action by the .committee
would not greatly affect the situation,
Eince attorneys and litigants would not
wait in any case for the courts to settle
the questions involved. They were on
the point, however, of recommending that
the request of the Justices that the ap
pointment of Windrow be approved be
denied. Riordan asked that no action bs
taken on that matter also, and the entire
question was postponed.
During, the discussion Ruef and Rior
dan had their usual number of tilts. In
one of these Ruef said he had been try
ing in some way to take. the question di
rect to the Supreme Court and get a final
decision, but that the Justices had de
clined to consent to this procedure. Rior
dan said that he was willing to agree to
that course and to join with Ruef in
taking the whole matter to the Supreme
Court on petitions for writs of prohibi
tion filed simultaneously by them or on
mandamus proceedings, each seeking to
compel the Justices to recognize filings
with his client. If a way can be found
to get the case before the Supreme Court
in such direct procedure that method of
settling the vexed question will doubt
less be adopted.
Postpone Entire Question.
"Meanwhile," interjected Ruef, "Win
drow is assuming duties which Judge
Cook has already said do, not belong to
him. He is usurping an office and rob
bing litigants of their,, vested property
rights. His acts and alleged official stand-
Ing should be investigated at once."
Riordan made the suggestion that a
postponement be had until Judge Cook's
decision should be rendered, which he said
he had reason to believe would not be
later than Monday or Tuesday.
"The question before Judge Cook," Ruef
said In reply, "is simply whether or not
Fredrick is de facto chief clerk and en
titled to the salary. The question you
are -asked to consider is much broader.
You are asked to determine for yourselves
who has the appointing power In this
case and to pass upon Windrow's claim
to the office."
"But, suppose," asked Supervisor Bran
denstein, "that Judge Cook chooses to
hold that Fredrick is not entitled to the
salary' unless he is de jure chief clerk and
further that he does not hold the office
de jure, would not that- dispose of a large
part of the problem?
"That ' would dispose of Fredrick's
claim," Ruef replied, "but it could not
in any way establish Windrow's claim to
the office."
"The question of the Mayor's right to
appoint," Riordan said, "is derectly in
volved, and Judge Cook will decide direct
ly whether the Mayor had that power or
whether he-did not."
Riordan Makes Suggestions.
The Judiciary Committee refused yes
terday to take up the questions Involved
In the conflicting claims of Powel Fred
rick and Joseph Windrow to the office of
chief clerk of the Justices* Court. Tha
members decided that in view of the fact
that a decision Is expected within a few
days from Superior Judge Cook that deal
with some or all phases of the problem It
would be best for "them to postpone ac
tion until they have this decision to guide
them.
Meanwhile the skein of litigation is be
coming' more tangled, and it will be many
a month before the snarl is straightened.
The Justices of the Peace refuse steadily
to recognize filings made with the May
or's appointee. Judge Cook in his instruc
tions to the Grand Jury practically de
cided that Windrow had no claim upon
the office, and many litigants are loth to
put their interests in Jeopardy by making
tilings with him. The wheels of justice
are clogged almost to stoppage, and in
the main only Interests that are threat
ened by the statute of limitations are be
ing taken into the Justices' Court In spite
of the certain ydanger of future complica
tions.
Fredrick and Windrow were both in the
Supervisors' committee room at 3 o'clock,
when the subject was taken up by the
committee. Thomas D. Riordan was on
hand to represent Windrow, while Abe
Ruef was there at attorney for the May
or and to look after the interests of Fred
rick.
Republicans Prepare to
Give Thomas Flint Jr.
a Reception.
Willing to Wait Till
Court Decides Vexed
Question.
SUPERVISORS SHY
AT LEGAL SNARL
BATTLE GROUND
IN THE SOUTH
THE. RAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1902;
Caricatures and Handsome Pictures Are Sent All Over
the City by People of Every Size and Description.
V Doggerel Verses Arev Not Appreciated by Recipients
VALENTINE'S DAY THE OCCASION
OF MUCH GOOD-NATURED CHAFFING
7
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CLEANLY WOMAN.
Erroneously Thinks by Scouring Her
Scalp That She Cures Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has an erroneous Idea
that by scouring the scalp, which re-
moves the dandruff scales, she is curing
the dandruff. She may wash her scalp
every day, and yet have dandruff -her
life long, accompanied by falling hair.
too. The only way In the world to
cure dandruff is to kill the dandruff
germ, and there is no hair preparation
that will do that but Newbro's Herpi-
cide. Hcrpicide killing the dandruff
£erm. leaves the hair free to grow as
healthy^ Nature intended. Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect. Kill the
dandruff germ with Herpicide.
#TK V TXIE.M. FOB
Coughs, Colds,
Asthma, Bronchitis,
Hoarseness,
and Sore Throat.
F&c-SftnUe jfy^ / /? V-. . ,. J . ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Miss W. Ohilds-Blackburn, Secretary of the Eock Island
Literary and Art Society.
Writes a Special Letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham Telling How She Was Cured. 7
« . ; : , — — ¦ — '¦ — £'»!•;.
The relation of woman's nerves and generative organs is very close ; con*
sequently nine tenths of the nervous prostration, nervous despondency and
nervous irritability;. of women arise from some derangement of the organism
which makes her a woman. Herein we prove conclusively that JLyclia E»
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will quickly relieve all this trouble.
MISS W. CHILDS-BLACKBURN.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkiiam: — I take pleasure in acknowledging thft
effects of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. In my estima-
tion there is no female remedy to equal it. AVeakness not properly
attended to, together with the close confinement at my desk brought on
nervous prostration, so much so that for a year I doctored continually. I
tried different remedies which only succeeded in poisoning my system, and
my stomach refused food. A neighbor who had suffered with ovarian
troubles and was perfectly cured, called my attention to your Ve^etab le
Compound, and I made up my mind to give it a two months' fair trial.
However, before one month had passed I was like a new woman, and
after six weeks faithful use of, the Compound I was in perfect health.
It certainly is of great benefit to women, and I wish every poor suffering
woman could have a chance to try it. Yours very truly, jMiss W. Childs-
Blackburx, 2922 Fifth Ave., Rock Island, I1L M *
" Nothinjr will relieve this distressing condition so surely as
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ; it soothes, strengthens,
heals and tones up the delicate female organism. It is a positive
cure for all kinds of female complaints ; that bearing: down feeling-,
backache, displacement of the womb. Inflammation of the ovaries
and is invaluable during: the change of life.
» ' How Mrs. Pinkham helped firs. Borst.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — When I wrote to you some time ago for
1 advice I really thought my days were numbered. I was so ill that I
could not stand on my feet for fifteen minutes at a timo. I had female
troubles in many of their worst forms ; inflammation and ulceration of
the womb; leucorrhoea; bearing down pains; headache and backache:
nervous prostration. My kidneys were out of order and blood in a bad
condition. Everyone, and even my doctor thought I was going into
consumption. I followed your advice faithfully for six months with the
result that I became a 5 well woman, and it cost me much less than a doc-
tor's bill. I feel that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
saved my life." — Mrs., Samuel Borst, 7 Cozy Ave.; Oneonta, N. Y.
The above letter shows how unerring is the atjvicc which Mrs. Pinkham
gives to women who write her about their sickness ; as the advice is free and
always helpful it is not strange that she advises more than one hundred
thousand sick women every year. Her address is Lynn, Mass. > ._^ L
HlPAAA REWARD. — W« hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn. $5000, I
V*l>|| I which will bo paid to any person who can timl that tho shore testimonial letters I
¦ a alii 111 are not geauiaet or were published before obtaining the writer's sp*cU1 per- I
VUUvU mission. Lydla E. Pinkham Jlodiclno Co., Lynn, Mast. |
_ ADVEBTISEMENTS. f::P'. ;o .;, >
TO THE MAN WHO THINKS.
H^^OOK yourself squarely in the face and see
/ |D) if you are not half ashamed to be without
! j|p Ivory Soap in your house. Worse than this,
1 QE^yi y Our >vife is without it. It is bad enough
for a man, though a man often doesn't care how
his comfort is mis-spelled. But a woman misses all
these little helps to housekeeping. And Ivory Soap
is one; its great potency makes it actually cheaper
than yellow soap for general work. It floats.
eornuOTr im «r the raoCTi* a cunt CO. ci«cih«»tiIt always - makes a < man ! mad • when in
after,. years; his wife laughs at the recol
lection of how be proposed.
A Hutchinson (Kan.) man has a mort- '
gage on his farm he wants to pay offt and
the loan company refuses to accept tha*
money. ¦ The farmer has begun suit to
compel the company to, accept hia money
Attorney Gross Arraigned.
Attorney '* Charles :¦". Gross appeared in
Judge Mogan's , court yesterday 'and was
instructed and arraigned on the charge of
forgery for erasing Ann ; KinseUa's < name
to a certificate of deposit, < inserting : his
own name and ' cashing i it." " By consent,
the case was continued till February 19.
Army-Street Sewer Extension.
..The- Board of Public "Works yesterday
awarded. the contract for. the extension or
the Army-street sewer, from San Bruno
avenue to Islais Creek, to William Bel
ser & Co. The contract price is $30,834 and
work will , be * commenced within thirty
days. Other bids were received from J.
J. Dowling," J31.879: .City Street Improve
ment Company, $31,790, and Union Pavlne
Company/ $32,125. ; .
Held for Burglary.
Orin Bean, alias. Newton, known as a
hotel sneakthlef,' was. held to answer be
fore the: Superior Court by Judge Conlan
yesterday on three charges - of • burglary
and cne of grand larceny in; $1000 bonds
on each charge. * He Is accused of break
ing into 614-Sutter street , on 'January 30-
Hotel Berkshire, 711 Jones Btreet, Feb
ruary 1, and 1001 Butter -street, February
8. The grand larceny charge is for steal-
Ing $240 from Mrs. Lizzie J. Burson. 728
Sutter street, December 22.
Spring Valley 's Assessment.
„ Assessor Dodge, yesterday 1" transmitted
to the ; Board of Supervisors ", a ' statement
of 1 the assessed value of the properties
of the Spring Valley Water Company in
this i city. The statement shows. that the
corporation - owns ¦ real ¦ estate, ; together
with improvements,- assessed , at $8,915,756,
'which amount includes a franchise assess
ment of $3,767,245. .
Fifteen Years for Burglary.
¦ Frank Contreras, who was' convicted, by
a Jury in Judge Cook's court Wednesday
on a charge of burglary, appeared ; for
sentence yesterday. As he had two prior
convictions against him for petty . lar
ceny, the Judge sentenced . him . to fifteen
years in San Quentin. , He broke into the
room of Miss Eva Johnston and Miss
Menjnger, at r 1008 'Van Ness avenue, and
stolo several dresses and other, articles.
Engineer Brum Arraigned.
Charles Brum, the " stationary engineer
who was arrested Thursday night on a
charge of! assault to murder, was in
structed and arraigned in Judge Mogan's
court veslerday. • The case was continued
till Febiuary 18 He is accused of shoot-
Ing Miss C. Beek at 434 Second street but
it is claimed the shooting was accidental
The wound is not dangerous.
Golden Gate Valley Club.
At a meeting: of the property holders
and business men or Golden Gate Val
ley, held at Steimke Hall, corner of Oc
tavia and Union streets, the organization
of the Golden Gate Valley Improvement
Club was perfected, to look after the de
velopment and improvement of the dis
trict west of Hyde street to the Presidio
and north of Broad-way to the bay* A G
Kleinert was elected president, P. Mlche- .
lettl first vice president. Fred Dubrow
second^ vice president. H. Casner secre
tary, Henry Brickwedel treasurer. Joseph
Cohn sergeant-at-arms and E. A Lorenzo
organizer. A committee was appointed
to arrange for a general meeting to dis
cuss the needs of the district and the
proposed bond Issue.
Store of Optician Kahn Visited and
One of the Criminals Ar
;. rested.
For the second time within a few weeks
thieves have paid their attention to the
windows of opticians' stores on Kearny
street. Shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday
morning thieves broke the window of the
store of . George E. Kahn, 201 Kearny
etr«^t- A passerby gave the ' alarm and
Policeman George Douglass, arrested one
of the thieves at the California Market
and locked him up In "the tanks" at the
City Prison. He gave the name of
Charles . Coulter, and an umbrella with
an iron-hooked handle - was - booked as
evidence against him. - He and his'con
federate had . stolen five pairs of opera
glasses from the window.
Coulter wore a long overcoat, and his
mode of operations was to break the win
dow with the - handle of • the umbrella
when no one was in sight: and -hook out
the articles, which he handed to his con
federate. If any one appeared he would
stand with his back to the broken win
dow. In this instance the noise of the
falling glass was heard by a. man who
unexpectedly came into sight,, and he no
tified Policeman Douglass. Coulter's con
federate got away with the stolen opera
glasses, but the police are using every
(effort to find him,,. : .
Hicks Used Bad Language.
William P. Hicks, an electrical doctor,
appeared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
on charges of fast driving In Golden
Gate.Fark and disturbing the peace. He
•was arrested by Officer De la Guerra who
claimed that Hicks used bad language
toward him. De la Guerra was corrob
orated by Mrs. Al Nelll. The Judge dis
missed the charge of fast driving,, but
fined Hicks $3 for disturbing the peace.
WINDOW THIEVES AGAIN
WORK ON KEARNY STEEET
M. Astorg, a Fifth-Street Butcher,
Loses the Coin in ' His ; Cash
; Register.
The two sneakthieves who are making
It a practice to rob the tills and casn
registers of storekeepers have been heard
from again. M. Astorg, a butcher at 108
Klftli street, is the latest . victim. -
Astorg reported to the police yesterday
morning that about 3 o'clock Thursday
afternoon a man about 5 feet 8 ; inches
tall, light complexion, small sandy mus
tache and thin face, walked into his
.store and asked to be directed to the
Palace Hotel. Astorg obligingly walked
outside to explain to him how to - reach
tho.hote! -8nd the stranger kept him in
conversation f or a few minutes and
walked "away after thanking him. •
When Astorg returned to the store he
discovered that some one had entered
through a door leading Into Minna street
and had emptied the cash register, which
contained *4? 20.
Divorce Court Proceedings.
Henrietta Silverman filed a suit for di
vorce, yesterday against Joseph A. Silver
man on the ground of failure to provide",
and Annie C. Walsh. brought a suit for di
vorce against Thomas E. Walsh on the
same ground. • • . • > :
Al Lean, who is suing his wife, Lizzie
Lean, for divorce on the ground of intem
perance, was ordered to . pay her $30 per
month, alimony pending the trial of -the
suit. ¦•
Judge Graham adjudged G. S. Matthews
guilty of contempt' of court yesterday for
falling to obey the. order to pay his.for
mer wife $20 per month. for the support of
their - minor child. , Matthews • was - given
until next Friday to make the payment. ~
Mayor Schmitz and Supervisors Will
Act on the Recommendations of
the . Grand ; Jufyv
At a meeting of, the Supervisors' Health
Committee, held yesterday. It was decided
that • the' committee, ¦ i in ; company ¦ with
Mayor . Schmitz, visit the - City and Coun
ty Hospital to-day for the. purpose of- in
vestigating : the • need . of : Improvements in
the institution ; as recommended by the
Grand Jury In a communication filed with
the board last Monday. Grand Jurors
Wagner and- Lichtenstein .addressed the
committee and urged an increase in ! the
appropriation for the proper support" of
the hospital. - '¦'.-. .
• The . committee also recommended the
passage of • a resolution ; directing the
Health Board to make chemical and bac
teriological v analyises . of • the water - "run
ning from Alameda Creek through* th<s
screen -dam at -Niles, belonging to the
Spring 'Valley Company.
SNEAKTHIEVES CONTINUE
TO ROB STOREKEEPERS
OFFICIALS TO INSPECT
THE COUNTY HOSPITAL
Trouble Over Horseshoeing.
The Supervisors' Police Committee and
the Police Commission are at loggerheads
over the matter of horseshoeing in the
police department and interesting devel-"
opments are expected. During the past
year the shoeing was done by five shops,
under tha direction of Supervisor Tobin
who was chairman of the Police Com
mittee. The Police . Commission winked
at the .violation of the charter, which
says that such work must go to the low
est bidder. "When Supervisor Boxton wa3
made chairman of the Police Committee
the old order was changed and the job
of shoeing forty-eight horses, at $2 50 per
horse, was given to Eddy Graney. Gra
ney, however, has not shod the horses,
because* the commission will not let him
do the work. "
Will Test Olympic Runners.
The final tryout of Olympic Club dis
tance runners for the cross-country race
on "Washington's birthday will be held
to-morrow. The start will be made
promptly at 10:30 a, m., the trial being un
der the direction of Captain-George James.
The runners will go over the' regular
course of four miles.
Polo at Burlingame.
If the condition of the field will , permit
the polo players of Burlingame Club will
meet, to-morrow afternoon in • the first
game of the season. It is expected the
teams will be made up as follows:
Reds — Charles Dunphy. W. S. Hobart, J.
Tobln Jr. and R. M. Tobln.
Whites — F. J. Carolan, J. S. Tobln. R. Mc-
Creevy end John Lawson.
Engrossed Resolutions to Be Present-
ed to Richard B. Chandler,
Coal Merchant.
The officers of the "Widows' and Or
phans' Aid Association of the Police De
partment met in j Judge Mogan's court
room yesterday afternoon and decided to
wait upon* Richard : D. ' Chandler, coal
merchant, next Monday and present him
with the engrossed resolutions passed by
the association at a recent meeting.
The resolutions are ' engrossed and
framed and are as follows:
Since the formation of the • Widows' and
Orphans* Aid 'Association of the San Fran
cisco Police Department Richard D. Chandler
by his 'liberal donations and this year by tha
further munificent sum of $500 as a Christmas
offering, for the benefit of its members, is do
serving of a suitable expression of our grati
tude and sincere affection.
Resolved, That it is the sense of this body
that our generous friend. R. D. Chandler is
entitled to and there Is hereby extended to him
the thanks of this association for his kindness
and friendship in aiding us to carry on the
principle* for which we are banded together,
and' we assure him he has our wishes for his
health, happiness and prosperity.
i The resolutions are signed' by the presi
dent, John Rainsbury, and by 'the secre
tary, J. J. O'Meara.
THE Belle Brandon cup stakes and
the California plate, two of the
richest fixtures on the coursing
calendar, will be decided one week
from . to-morrow at Union \ Park.
The Belle Brandon is for greyhounds
whelped last year. There are many roy
ally bred youngsters which will go to the
slips for the first time.
/ Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton will start
Phosphorus, the',, greyhound . which so
closely resembles the great For Freedom.
This dog represents the finest, possible
blood lines. He is by imp. Fine Fire out
of Maid o' Erin. Fine Fire is by Fiery
Furnace, the leading sire in England. He
is a three-auarter N brother to For Free
dom. Finej Fire's dam, Fair Floralie, is
an own sister, to Fabulous Fortune, a win
ner of the Waterloo cup and sire of Fear
less Footsteps, twice winner of 'the cup.
He Is also a brother of Fortuna Favente,
now owned by J. H. Rosseter of this city.
; Maid o*. Erin was ;'of the same litter as
Billy v Gladstone, Mayflower and Rath-:
bone. '•-. . : ' -" '-
. George MacE. . Malcolm will start Mat
ters j Much, from | the same litter, j She Is
pronounced one of the" most likely candi
dates for the stake.
- Sterl & Knowles will be represented by
an Eraln ; Pasha-Maggie N puppy.' This
one. was tried '; out last Monday with a
Rusty • Gold : puppy ¦ and ' proved . much ; the
better. Coursing . men who saw the [ trial
think the youngster will be a factor in the
stake. , . -.'.
"Jim" Smith has a good looking puppy
by Pretender-Dolly Varden which: should
cut quite a figure in the stake.
- K. Geary will send a " Snapshot-Bart's
Belle youngster to the slips. He is a good
looking greyhound.
George Starr has one of the two For
Freedom-Metallic puppies . which will
make a bid for first honors.
Two Fetter Free puppies were tried out
last ' Monday. . Lost Chord led and beat
Old Ironsides. ' ¦
P." M. : Curtis' Beacon - led War Eagle
five .lengths in a trial last Monday. The
blue dog was In tumbled by Rector. He
ran more than. two minutes. .
Wedgewood led Har lean Gladys good in
a. trial. • . .
, The ' California plate will attract - the
greatest greyhounds , In the : all-age divis
ion In the State. Sacramento Boy, Beacon,
Palo,Alto,;Xuxor and other cracks will
start. .¦ ,. ¦ : ' . " -' :. i • ¦" ¦. • ¦• •.- ,.
• The card . for to-day - and ' to-morrow at
Union . CourBlng Park, consists *of . am at
tractive : special ? stake and an open ¦; one.
Both stakes will be run down once to-day.
POLICEMEN THANK
A GENEROUS GIVER
City Attorney Says Consent of Sutro
Estate Heirs Must Be Obtained
for Time Extension.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the execu
tors of the Sutro estate have not the
power to grant an extension of two years'
time within which to complete the Dewey
Boulevard, nor have they the power to
consent to a modification of the condi
tions of the deed conveying the lands for
the thoroughfare. The end sought, how
ever, by such modification of the con
tract may be possible of attainment
through the consent of all interested In
the estate. Such powers must arise either
from those expressly granted to the ex
ecutors or must flow from the general
grant to be found In the law, and from
neither of such sources can the power
sought be derived, as neither the will nor
the law makes such grant.
Unless the consent of the heirs Is ob
tained, the land conveyed by Adolph Su
tro will revert to the estate and Dewey
Boulevard will remain in an unfinished
state, as the time within whlcbrthe city
was to have completed the improvement
Is about to expire.
Fastest > Dogs in the Sta' e
} .Will Be Started in the
Rich California Plate Event
Olympic Club Boxing.
De Witt Van Court, boxing instructor of
the Olympic Athletic Club, has arranged
seven special boxing matches. They will
be held in the club gymnasium, on the
night of the 26th inst. The following men
will meet:
M. Vaher, unattached, vs. B. Drlscoll, Key
stone A. C, at 1C5 pounds: James Snailhaiu,
S. F. A. C. vs. James McDonald, unattached,
at 118 pounds; P. Martin, unattached, vs. J.
Krelhlnr. S. F. A. C. at 125 pounds; W. J.
Leonard, O. C, vs. Joseph Limdie, O. C, at
130 pounds; T. Everett, unattached, vs. T.
Floss, Keystone A. C, at 133 pounds; . T.
Wolffe, Ariel R. C, vs. J. Peterson, unat
tached, catch ¦weights; Sam Berger, O. C, vs.
J. Sullivan, heavyweiphts. . ¦ . ¦ „ .
DEWEY BOULEVARD MAT
NEVER BE COaiPLETED
PHOSPHORUS, PROPERTY OF
DR. F. P. CLARK OF STOCK
TON, PROMISING CANDIDATE
FOR BELLE BRANDON CUP.
Handball Matches.
The handball matches in Phil Ryan's
court to-morrow will be between following
players:
W. K. Sieberst and D. J. Sheehan vs. J. R.
Bockman and E. Lynch.
P. Rvan and M. Berwin vs. M. L«vy and
M. Basch.
D. Connelly and W. Williams vs. J. Law
less and M. Joyce.
G. Hutchlnson and A. Pennoyer vs. M. Dil
lon and W. Kelly.
R. 5>cyle and J. McBrearty v«. M. Kirby and
D. Resan.
E. Barry and J. Foley v*. P. Talo and J.
Kirby.
J. Harlow and E. Curley vs. J. Riordan and
T. Leach.
J. White and W. Magulre vs. J. Collins and
R. Murphy.
James Fitzgerald and Tfi. J. Kilgallon vs. J.
C Xealon and R. Linehan.
The most ambitious circuit of dog shows
ever held' on this coast has been planned
for . April. L. A. Klein, manager of the
San Francisco Kennel Club show, is one
of the prime movers in the matter.
There will probably , be seven shows in
all..' A start will be made during the first
week in April at Victoria, B. C. Then in
succession will follow : Portland, Seattle,
San Francisco and Los Angeles. There
will be an open week after this show and
it is hoped to induce San Jose fanciers to
avail themselves of the opportunity of
giving a show in the Garden City. After
this the scene of operations will be shifted
to Sacramento; where the annual Street
Fair will be in fullswing.
Dog fanciers throughout the coast are
interested in the circuit. The best dogs
from here will go north and the northern
dogs will come south. In the same man
ner - there will be an interchange of
judges. It Is expected a number of East
ern experts will be here and will change
about judging different breeds at different
shows. /
The show which will be held here al
ready gives promise of being the most im
portant one held in this city. The dogs
will not be, benched as is past shows. In
stead of being laid out on- straight lines
the kennels will be scattered about the
entire lower floor of Mechanics' Pavilion.
Each kennel will be separate, thus giving
owners an opportunity for artistic deco
rating, ornamenting the temporary homes
of their dogs as , they see fit.
The coursing ¦ men have -taken up. the
show in earnest and promise the greatest
collection of greyhounds ever seen in
America. The California Coursing Com
mittee, the governing body of the sport,
has assumed charge of this section. The
following gentlemen will represent it: J.
H. Rosseter, -H. A. Deckelman, JEJ.E.
Shotwell, P. M. Clarkson and George
MacE.. Malcolm. ¦ ¦ ¦ . : • ¦ • .- ¦"¦ ,
The committee ,will select the judge, who
will then be named by the bench show
officials. There will be a reception room
connected •* with the greyhound • section,
where light refreshments will be served.
It is .the intention of . the ¦ leashmen to
endeavor to make their exhibit the most
interesting in the show* . ....
The prizes will be liberal. For the Best
greyhound in the show ' there . will • be a
$100 cup. In addition there will be many
money prizes. , • •
•One of the features of the show.will.be
a competition for a $100. cup to be awarded
to ¦ the best team : of four of . any breed.
This will be Judged on the first evening of
the show by a jury made : up of all . the
judges. .There will also be a sweepstakes
for. the best brace of any breed, to be
judged under the same conditions.
The proceeds of the -. show • will be 'de
voted »to "charity. ,..-
The uncertain weather of the past week
was not the bes£ for tennis, but when the
skies -rcere clear play was exceedingly
heavy. . As the days grow longer the
cracks are able to get some' practice after
business hours. It is doubtful if the courts
will be able to accommodate the players
who will get out in the late afternoon a
month . from now.
A handicap singles tournament on the
22d of February will be the opening event
of the spring season on the California Club
courts. It has not been decided whether
it will be a straight handicap or a class
singles. The latter seems the more popu
lar of the two f orms • of playing at pres
ent. As It is more satisfactory to the
players, it will probably be selected. It
will be an open tournament and will be
the largest ever held on the club courts.
Interest centers chiefly in the first and
second classes. In these the players are
evenly matched and it would be a difficult
matter to pick the winners. Several of
the best park players, Dunlap, Routh,
Beyfuss apd others, will enter. Many en
tries are also expected from Alameda
County.
The most important events following the
Washington's birthday tournament will be
the intercollegiate matches and the cham
pionship tournaments of the Ojai Valley.
Both will be held in the latter part of
April.
The University of California tryout is
looked forword to with more interest than
is the intercollegiate tournament. At
Berkeley, there are half a dozen men. who
are so evenly matched that nothing but
a tryout could settle the question of su
premacy. Some interesting matches will
result from a meeting of such men as
MacGavin, Brown, Hunt, Braly, Hendrick
and Baker, who are all first-class players.
The enthusiasts of Ojai Valley are anx
ious to get some of the -local cracks to
take part in their championship tourna
ment this year, but it is not likely any
will go. If the experts from this city go
south it will be to Santa Monica to com
pete for the championships of Southern
California. The Southerners ¦ are desirous
of having Grant Smith go south. Mrs.
Klncaid will try for the women's cham
pionship held by Mrs. Garland. The Ojai
Valley tournament will be held on April
24, 25 and 26, and will consist of the fol
lowing events: Ladies' singles and.dou
bles, mixed doubles and gentlemen's sin
gles and doubles. The Interscholastic
championship will also be decided. Hen
drick is the present champion.
Joe Tobin showed well in practice last
week. His half -speed drive Is accurate.
At present the four most enthusiastic
players on the courts are Judges Hunt,
Troutt and . Kerrigan . and Dr. Morrow.
These four Indulge in some lively double
matches.
' The trapshooters apparently believe a
wise move was made in the amalgamation
of the Olympic, Lincoln and San Fran
cisco gun clubs under the name of Golden
Gate Gun Club.
A permanent organization was effected
last night with the election of the follow
ing officers: President, H. B. Hosmer; vice
president, George H. T. Jackson
Ing secretary, Stanley G. Scovern; treas
urer, M. O. ' Feudner: directors, E. A.
Wands, Edgar L. Forster, Charles H.
Shaw.
The club starts with a membership of
fifty and the charter will be kept open
until April 1. The members will shoot
on the second and fourth Sundays of the
month, one day being devoted to live birds
and the other to bluerocks. The initia
tion fee will be $5 and the yearly dues $12,
payable $2 per month during the shooting
season. • . . -' • .
The matter of a shoot on Washington's
birthday was referred to the directors.
The members are in favor of holding one.
The question of handicapping or classify
ing the shooters was also referred to the
directors. Clarence Nauman and Edgar
Forster each submitted systems of handi
capping. .
Clarence Nauman is enthusiastic over
the wild goose shooting provided by
"Doc" Stuart and his party at Norman,
Glenn County. Mr. Nauman killed 103
in a day's shooting. Although the birds
come within close range, the shooting is
difficult, as they dart upward with great
speed. Mr. Nauman is organizing a party
to spend another, day In the field.
At the regular meeting, of the Alameda
Boating Club on Tuesday night twelve
new members were elected and nine ap
plications for membership were received.
The boathouse has been put in thorough
repair, some of the underpinning having
been renewed. The meeting room has
been comfortably furnished and supplied
with additional electric lights, j The club
is in a flourishing condition and. expects
to have a lfc-ely and successful .season.
Among the new members are several
young men who are desirous to learn to
row and to take • part in open* regattas
and club races. It is exp'ected the open
ing day will be held early In April, and
later in the season a moonlight fete- - will
be got up similar to those of ' previous
year3, but on a larger and more elaborate
scale. Preparations for this entertain
ment will begin soon after the season
opens. , i ¦ .
The suggestion of the Superintendent
of Public Schools in Alameda that a piece
of land be secured for a public recreation
ground before all the suitable tracts have
been covered with' buildings was dis
cussed at -some length and met with un
qualified approval. ¦ The members are of
the opinion that field sports and . outdoor
recreations are • necessary parts , of any
system of sound education and have
pledged themselves to do all in their
power, both as a club and as individuals,
to further the acquisition of a public
recreation ground. . •
Throughout the winter many members
of the Alameda - Boating Club have been
in the habit of rowing on the estuary
and are in good trim for the coming sea
son. All the club boats . will soon be
overhauled. It is probable some addi
tions will be made to the stock of boats,
oars and other equipment owned by the
club. The prospect for the coming year
is promising, and it is expected the club
will be fully able to maintain its high
place in aquatic sports. .,
The only city club that is manifesting
much aquatic activity at present is the
Dolphin Boating Club.- On Sunday last
a four-oared barge crew, . consisting of
E. , O. Kragness, John- Reimers; T. R.
Dixon and Leo Wienand," went out 'for
practice. It is likely^ this crew .will stay
together and will represent the club in
the -junior barge race, at the first open
regatta of the season. F. • J. Sherry is
practicing in the outrigged skiff. A partv
of fourteen members of the Dolphin Club
rowed from North Beach to Tiburon last
Sunday . In one of the large pleasure
barges, taking forty minutes for the i trip.
After enjoying dinner on Albert P: Roth
kopf's ark they rowed back to the city,
the trip against a' flood tide occupying
two hours and ten minutes.
L.* A: Weidenmuller, a member of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, is a candidate
for membership in the Dolphin Boating
Club. - v
This Year's Event- Promises
to Overshadow Any Ever
Held — Some Innovations
To Be Held on -California
Club Courts Washington's
Birthday— Other Matches
Golden Gate Gun Club Will
: Take trie Place of' Three
Old - Time Organizations
Are / Practicing ... Regularly
on the Estuary and> Will
Procure New Race Skffs
ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB
MEN SHOW ACTIVITY
KENNEL CLUB SHOW
OF GREAT INTEREST
TRAPSHOOTERS PLAN
AN ACTIVE SEASON
TENNIS PLAYERS PLAN
ANOTHER TOURNAMENT
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, which was held on
"Wednesday evening ' in . the Merchants'
Exchange, the regular 'ticket as nomi
nated by Dr. T. L. Hill. W. G. Morrow
and J. R. Savory was elected unanimous
ly. The report of the retiring commodore.
-W. N. McCarthy, for the past year show
ed that the club, while it lost several
members from resignation, death or ex
pulsion, had gained a larger number, of
new members, so that It now has 130 ac
tive members, as against 113 In 1901.
Commodore McCarthy stated that Las
Amigas, the ladles' club, which has the
use of the clubhouse at certain times, had
turned, over to the treasurer the sum or
$103 as the result of an entertainment
given in aid of the fund for finishing the
main hall. To this sum the directors
have added $250, and several member3
have lent their aid on Sundays and Hi
the evenings to put up the lining and do
other work on the hall. The commodore
stated the club had given a clam bako
instead of one of the scheduled dancer,
and recommended that this policy be fol
lowed, since a clam bake attracts yachts
men and promotes their acquaintance
with each other, while dances are attend
ed chiefly by men who do not advance
the interests of the club. He stated -tha
Crowninshield yacht, which is nearly
ready for launching, is the best construct
ed vessel ever built here. He suggested
that a collection should be made of
photographs of all the boats that have
contended for the Perpetual Challenge
cup.
The club began the year 1901 with a debt
of about $600 left by the previous board,
but this was wiped off and a small bal
ance on the right side is in the treas
urer's hands. It will, however, be neces
sary during the coming year, in order to
save the club property from deteriora
tion, to paint the clubhouse, which will
cost about $230. Dr. T. L. Hill recom
mended that when the membership roll
reaches 130 an initiation fee of $20 be re
quired to be paid with an application for
membership. At present there is no en
trance fee, and a member has no finan
cial interest to induce him to remain a.
member when he can resign and be re
elected at a future time without any
other liability than for the annual dues.
Secretary W. M. Edgell's report com
mented on the apathy and lack of club
spirit as evidenced by the fact th^t on.
one occasion he received only thirteen
and on another only twenty replies to
140 reply postal cards sent out. He also
urged the printing of a new book con
taining the roll of members and yachts,
and the new racing rules as prepared by
the regatta committee, stating he fre
quently receives such books, from other
yacht clubs, but is unable to send any
thing in return.
A communication was read from Gov
ernor George W. Baxter of Monterey, re
questing that the commodore in drawing
up a schedule of events for 1902 make ar
rangements for a cruise to Monterey and
a race in the bay there for a cup to be
presented by himself and contended for
under conditions drawn up by the regat
ta committee. The receipt of the Gov
ernor's letter has been acknowledged
and the matter referred to the board of
directors.
W. G. Morrow on behalf of the syndi
cate by whom the challenger is being:
built, stated that the total cost will be
$2451. nearly all of which has already
been collected. The work of construction
has been greatly aided by the timely and
generous assistance of James Kitterman.
formerly port captain. A hearty vote of
thanks was given to him for hia valuable
help with regard to tha building of the
challenger and for his wmingness on
other occasions to give the use of his fine
launch America for club cruises and tow
ing up creeks.
A suggestion that a. certain sum bo set
aside monthly to reduca the mortgage on
the clubhouse and that all rent received
for the hire of the main hall be devoted
to the same purpose provoked consider
able discussion. As the whole clubhouse
must be painted this year, and It is pro
posed to complete the decoration of the
main hall and to add a float on the north
side of the wharf, it Is hardly likely that
much can be done during 1902 to reduce
the indebtedness, especially as the race
for the Challenge cun is certain to call
for some expenditures. Dr. T. L. Hill is
in favor of giving a benefit performance
at the Tlyoll. and a committee of two will
be appointed to confer with the Tlvoll
management on this matter. "With the
cordial support of the members of the
yacht clutt and their friends the house
ought to be well filled and the perform
ance to result in substantial gain to the
club.
The newly elected directors of the Co
rinthian Yacht Club met for the first
time on Thursday night.
Although the Oakland golf team suc
ceeded in last Saturday's match on the
Point Adams links in reducing the lead
obtained by the San Francisco golfers on
Saturday. February 1, as was expected,
it was unable to win. The Oaklanders,
however, made a gallant struggle, five of
their men scoring an aggregate of 19 up
against the visitors. The only Presidio
golfer out of the first six men on the team
to defeat his opponent was John Lawson,
who beat E. R. Folger 2 up In the first
round and 1 up in the Becond round, mak
ing- 3 up on the eighteen holes. At this
stage Oakland was 16 up, with two
couples to be heard from. By an error
in signaling from the top of the hilr to
the waiting crowd at the home green It
was understood that A. H. Higgins was 3
up 2 to play on L. O. Kellogg. When the
match ended L. O. Kellogg proved to be 4
up, and as H. C. Golcher beat G. p.
Greenwood 1 up the Oakland totai for the
match was 11 up, which, deducteo. from
the 18 up scored by San Francisco lu the
first half, left the Presidio men winners
1 up. " •"'¦
Some of the players were under the im
pression that the loss of the' match meant
that the Oaklanders would have to give
up the trophy for good. But this is not
so The cup will remain in the San * ran
cisco golf clubhouse until the next match
has been played, which will be in April.
If the Oakland team should win the sec
ond 36-hole match a. tie will result, which
will be played off over eighteen holes on
neutral links. This happened in 1899, in
which year the Oakland team beat the
San Francisco men in the deciding match
on the links of the Burlingame Country
Club.
Next Thursday, the 20th inst., play will
begin on the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club for the men's amateur
championship of Southern California, at
present held by Walter Fairbanks of Den
ver. It is understood the champion will
be on hand to defend his title. Other par
tciipants in the contest will be C. E.
Maud, twice runner-up for the champion
ship and winner of the Del Monte cup
for two years: C. E. Orr, champion of
1300; H. M. Sears and Winsor Walton.
The Qualifying round, over thirty-six
holes, will be played on the first day. On
Friday, February 21, the first and semi
final founds of match play, over eighteen
holes, will be decided. On Saturday, Feb
ruary 22. the final round, over thirty-six
holes, will dp played.
Early in March, the second competition
for the Pacific Coast Golf Association's
men's amateur championship will be
played on the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club. It is believed that Ernest
R. Folger, who won the championship
when it was first competed for last year
on the Presidio links, will go down to
Southern California to defend his title. It
is hoped John Lawson, who has been
playing a strong game recently and has
defeated E. K. Folger both on the Pre
sidio links and the Oakland links, will
also make the journey. Whether B. D.
Adam son will go is doubtful, but J. W.
Byrne and L. O. Kellogg are likely to
make the trip. In addition to E. R. Fol
ger it is likely that W. P. Johnson. F. S.
Stratton, R. M. Fitzgerald and J. A. Fol
ger will go. All of these devote a great
deal of time to .golf and are strong play
ers. Except J. A. Folger, who has played
lately on the links of the Burlingame
Country Club, none of them has had much
experience on the "skin" greens of South
ern jCalifornia.
On Monday morning next at 9:30 o'clock
the qualifying round, over eighteen hales,
medal play, for the first competiton for
the next Council's cup for ladies will be
played on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club. The eight ladies who make
the lowest scores will play in the opening
match round on Wednesday.
On "Washington's birthday there will be
competitions for ladies and for men- on
the links of the Sausalito Golf Club, both
being handicap medal play contests over
nine holes. Play will begin at 10 o'clock
in the morning, and prizes will be given
to the -winners of each event- .
on Initiation Provokes
; Some Adverse Senfment
Suggestion to Impose Fee
Contest for Championship
of Pacific Coast
Is Next Notable Event
Competitions for Men and
\ Women at Sausalito on
Washington's Birthday
Directors Propose to Add
Improvements to House
and Finish Social Hall
PRESIDIO GOLF GIRLS
WILL BEGIN BATTLE
FOR COUNCIL'S CUP
NEW SAN FRANCISCO
YACHT CLUB BOARD
ENTERS UPON DUTIES
GREYHOUNDS ARE N0W IN TRAINIMG FOR CLASSIC STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO^-CALL, 'SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1902.
8/ TKCE3 CDAIJIJ& iR^OJ^C^FpRJM: CHART
OAKLAND RACETRAOK-^Friday; Feb. 14.-^-Weather showery. Trackjrioppy^
32OO.^ FIRST RACE—5% furlonga; gelling; maiden three-year-old 'fillies: to first,- »32S.
7— —~~T. ~ ; —, 1 ¦;...--¦: ...,. ~~~; ~ •. - . '. 7. . r Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. SL %. ,%. ' Str.. : Fin., Owner and Jockey.. OP- C1
3282 Annie Max. .1....112 3 2 Vi 2 1- 2 % In . P. Sheridan....J. Woods 2 .5
.... Mildred Schultz...lO7 6 12 1 1. 1 % 26 H. I.. Wilson.... Ja,ckson « 1"
S282 Oratossa ........107 13135 3 3 3 5 A. B. Sprackels....Blrk _1O av
.... Lana ...:.. .107 4 55 4 2 4 2 4 5 , Chinn & Forsythe.Bdfrn 7-S »-o
•2468 Atnlpap .'.'...'... .100 8 < ¦ 6-1 -* ' 6 2 • 6 6 6 8 Papinta .....Troxler SO to
3253 Clear Sky......-..107 9 8 2 716 161 . T. Fox.........,McGinn -40 15O
•82H3 Tibs- ............ ..112 2-9 8 1 7 17^ McDonald & Dunlp.. Bull ; J la-o
•8200 Sterling Towers.. 107 7 42 53 8386 Mustp & Ruiz. ....Hoar l&
-3263 Knocklngs 112 5 7 2 9 0 9 C. Earl & Co..O Connor O 0
Time—Vi.-:25%; Vi. :51%: hW. 1:12%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
. P. Sheridan's b. f. by,"Maximo-Annie Lewis, i Mildred tired badly from the paddocK on.
Oratoesa has plenty of speed. . Lana went the longest route. Knockinga no speed, tids
¦-^¦"A I"- yi^0?'-''- - - 1 -L;- - I'-'- - - -- J^I.J Ll^^^^^w^ww^^^^^w^N^-^^^
3300. iSECOND RACE—Seven furlongs; selltng: three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
-r- —'...-.. . . ....':¦ . .: - - . . , ~ ~ ~~, j BetUng.
Index Horse,. Age. Weight. St. ¦ tf. ¦%:'-. Str.,' Fin.: Owner and Jockey..-'. Op. Cl.
3266 Grafter, 4......'..Ill 5 2 n 1 3; 14 16 I* A.'Blaslrigame^Jcksn 1-2 2-5
"3293 RushJlelds, a.....114 1 1 1 2 V, 2 1 2M C. O. Ray Tr °*le, r § :*?¦¦•
,8276 Vaaallo, 3 ...; 97 3 3 2 ' 3 % -3 2 88 . Burns & Waterhs.. .Birk 3 4,
S240 Expedient, 5.:....114 2 5 2 -6 .4 1 41 : P. E. Smith....Bullman 8 18
>S203 Intrada. 4.. :1O9 44% 46 55 5 5 ' E.I. Wheeler......I>yer 100 300
3276 Tufts, 3.... .101 6 6 .5 5' 6 6 '. C, W..'ChapRell.,Watrbry 100 200
3293 William F. 5....; 109 Left ...'... ... John Kane Prior 30 • 8P
Tlme^-^, :25; Vt. :50^;..-%. 1:1S^; %, 1:33#. Good start. • Won easily. Second and third
¦ • driving. Winner, L. A. Blaslngame's b. g. by Cicero-Leap Tear. Gallop for the winner.
• • Ruahflelds ran a good race. Vaaallo outfooted^^^^^^ _^ w^u1n^J yv%A^AA'vv>'
3301. THIRD RACE —Five and a halt furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
—r~r~- ~~ ~ p j ¦ —: ~~~ I ~~~ ~~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. '%. %.: Str. Fin.' Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
320s"Quiz II, 4.... 99 2 2 2 1 1% 1 4 1 5 J. M. Crane Hoar 8-5 7-5
(326fi) Eldred, 4......... 97 631 3 2 312n. Gedrge Ashton. .Redfern 6 T
3207. Patsy Dolan, a...101 4 11 2 1 2 % 3 h H. Butts.....Blrkenruth 40
3*36 Mid. Chimes, 5...101 1 .4 1 4141 4ti Joseph Maiden..Jackson 8-5 8-5
821)2 Casdale. 6 103 3 63 55 55.55 Hamilton & Co..Winslet 60 6O
2784 Loving Cup, a 101 8 7 S , 7 5 6 4 , 6 2 G. W. Mlller.-Waterbury . 10 30
3281 Kath. Ennls. 4...101 6 52 647475. Mrs. F. Spiers.. Ransom 12 16
..:. Accompt, 4 97 7 8 8 8 8 M. Allman J. Daly 40 100
Time— M, :24%; %, :51%;6%f. 1:10. Good start. Won easily. Second-and third driv
ing. Winner, J. M. Crane's b. g. by St. Florian-Queenstown. Quiz made-Katherlne Ennls
stop and then .won easily. Eldred ridden very wide on turns. Patsy Dolan improved. Mid
night Chimes must have been short. Loving Cup . may improve. Scratched —Talma 103,
Rinaldo 103. ; ¦_,:. w l^;;jL~.-L^U--^^-~-^----- ~——-~——~—^^
3302. FOURTH RACE—Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to flr3t. $325.
;¦ *• — 't t^t-.- v—^~-—^T77 . - -,-.<;,.- - • , . -Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
(3215) Sharp Bird. 5...'.112 3 14 18 18 IS' Ezell & Lazarus.. Birkrh 5-2 2
3H2 Col. Ballantyne, 4.109 6 6 5 5 5 2 12 2 D. Wheelihan...Jackson "6-2 7
3298 Mission. 5 .......109 1 3 n 3 V, 8 % 3 % , James Wilson...Bullman 5-2,-3
32S5 Kickumbob, 5 ...109 5 5% 68 58 46 G. B. Morris..O'Connor J 10
3205 Gibraltar, a ....112 2.2 124 4 h 6 20 H. J. Jones....E. Jones 10 7
3279 George Dewey. 4.. 106 8 74 78 64 65 Mrs. F. Reed.. Wlnslette 200
3269 Ravino..4 100 7 9 9 7 1 7 1 W. D. Hayes.. Prior 100 200
'3281 Ida. Chief II. 4..106 0 82818282 E. E. Randall IHoar 60 SO
¦3184 Cuban Girl. 4 107 4 5 4h 9 9 P. Corrigan T. Burns 8 ,12
Time—Yi :23%: Vi r :49>4; % 1:17; %, 1:31. Winner. Ezell & Lazarus' b. b. by Ragnorok-
Ollie Bird. Sharo Bird spreadeagled his field. Colonel Eallantyne ran a fair race. Gib
raltar sulkod.. -Mission did W^Jje^^Scj^tcji^l^I^;^
3303. FIFTH RACE—One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325. ¦
I ~ I • ~ I : J ~~~T~> ~ BetUng.
index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. - %. Etr. Fin.. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl- -
3279" Barnato. a ......102 1 13 14 Ts 1 1 J. J. Shannon...Jacksor. -15' _40
3273 Constable, 3...... 97 1 2 Vt 4 4 i£ • 2 rs Ezt-11 & Lazarus.:.Blrkrh 8-5 8-5
(3289) Formero, 0 .. 107 6 r 6 10 5 2 2 h 3 h J. Hackelt. ...J. Woods . 2 8-5
3203 Phil. Archibatd. 4.100 53n-3h 3h4^ Crane & Co .Redfern .15 30
(3292) Flanvro '6 '......107 S -4%-2 1 5 3 53 D. Cameron...-O'Connor 3 5-2
(.•!27S)|The Gafrtr ¦ 4 102 2 5 1 O 25 6 30 « 20 J..-H. Simpson. 4-.. Hoar . 12
3279 iSand de L4e. 3... 85 7 R 8. 7 6 7 3 Ted HayeA ....W Daly 200 300
3103 I Sam Creen. 5....1C8 8 76748 8. Frank- Duffy...-Webster 200 300
Time—M iA. :51»i: %. .1:18: mile.^1:46%. Good>start. Won < ridden out Second
- and third driving. Winner, J. J. Shannon's b. g. by Bradford-Minerva. It must have been
: the same Barnato of a few days back, only with a higher polish, • Constable was messed
.. about some and with Formero came very wide through the stretch. Flamero backed away
\.back. 1. Scratched —Ting-a-Llng.
3304. SIXTH RACE —Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
J— ~—~— '¦ : ~ ¦¦¦..¦¦'.;¦.¦¦¦ ~ : ~~ BetUnsr.
IndexlHo'rse. Age. Weight. St. %. %1 Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
327fTiBard Burns, 4....iofl 5 2 2 1 *£ 1 n 1 n ID.. S. Fountain ..McGinn 7-2
S2Gfi Gusto 6 ........112 2. -1.% 2 3 2 2 2 1 Ip.Hawley ....O'Connor 8-5 .1
3261 Dunblane. 5 .....112 3 4 n 3 n 3 3 n |Jennin»?9 & Co..T. Burns 3 4
3^73 Com Forster 3..i>7 1 3 14 5-4346 |J. F. Schorr..Birkenruth 46
3200 GXnthW.4^.106_4__5__5 5 5 . , |J. Coffey .Jackson 2- 9-5
Ttmo— %i. -23Vi- % •A81A; %. 1:14; 6i£f. 1:24. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner D s' Fountain's ch. h. by Matt.Byrnes-Bar Maid. McGinn on Bard Burns rod* a
strong' race. Gusto ran his race. Burns on Dunblane lost all the ground possible. Galan
: thus no Bpeed. - ' .' ' ' '•' ¦ ' .*-¦"•' ¦"" ¦-'¦'¦- - '"-¦ ' •¦¦•¦''
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From
San Francisco— J. F. .;. Bourke," at ; ; Bar
tholdi;' O. J. Oppenheim, at Netherlands ;
A. -M.- Womble, at Continental; P. *E.
Booth, . E. B. Parsons, at Imperial ; Mrs.
C. Carlyle: at Glleey: C. D. Lane, at Hol
land; F. S. Latt, at Park Avenue.: From
Los Angeles— C. R. Drake, at ¦'.; Victoria;
G. O. Nolde, at Imperial. .From San Jose
_J. Eslee and wife, at Delavan.
Calif ornians in New York.
Colonel Ballantyne, which finished sec
ond to Sharp .- Bird; was - claimed for $525
by John Bobbins, trainer of Mission, the
third horse.
"Joe", Dyson, a turfman well known. in
the earlier 'days, now a resident of Para
dise Valley, Nevada", was' a spectator; at
the", track yesterday. . Mr. Dyson comes
to .Oakland to see -the' handicap decided
to-day,- and is accompanied by his daugh
ter : Alattie, .who • rode • ¦ in - several' races
some years 'ago ¦ at : the Reno Fair. - She
frequently outflnished some of the best
Jockeys then riding oh the country ; cir
cuits.-.; . .
The • $10,000 Burns ¦ handicap, at one and
Track Notes.
REDDING, Feb..i4.T-Mr's. R. A.; Martin,"
wife of/.the, Southern' Pacific agent' here;
is dangerously ill as the: result, it is ' be
lieved,"of. eating a peanut at a church so
cial yesterday afternoon.- Mrs. Martin ate
but .one peanut. "It 1 Is believed to ;¦ have
been not roasted - sufficiently, ; and* its I ef
fect ¦ upon ¦ her . was v. similar . to •- that of
strychnine. In a few-minutes after par
taking of the nut Mrs. Martin was -at
tacked by -violent illneBS. She - appeared
as "- if : choking; ' her ?. eyes - were distended
and'her finger nails turned: blue.. While
being conveyed across the street from the
church, -she lost -the use ¦¦'. of - 1 her >; lower
limbs,, and -before .the physician arrived
she was unconscious. No fatal termination
of the attack is expected, although she ia
still very ill. , ; ¦
Reddiitg ; Woman Suffers as Though
> From the Effects of ] .
/ ¦.'"'• : :', , "-..-.?; /"''.Poison.';.'
BECOMES SERIOUSLY ILL
AFTER EATING A PEANUT
1. GIBRALTAR— Paused: F«b ¦ 14— Stmr' Yang
tse.-from Liverpool, 'for Seattle,' via China and
Japan.'. 1 ¦'¦¦•'¦.'"• "'¦ 1 "''' '¦- • > .".- •; ¦ •¦ -•¦. ¦
• GLASGOW— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Ancho"ria, 
from New;;,Tork.- . -;- - v-.- ;
,-.-¦ HAVRE— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr IVAquitalne,
from' New York. i*.. •.-.•,-. , /* , ,.._ *,
.LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Tunia
ian.'for-St John.. . - ...
! - Arrived : Feb r 14— Stmr. Bohemia, from ' New
York ; i stmr Dominion, " from ' Portland, " Me. ¦¦*..•' .
. ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr 'Ams-
U BOULOGNE- Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Rotter
dam.-from. Rotterdam,- for; New: Tork. -
-¦• KOBE— Sailed. Feb ,13— Stmr Claverlng, from
Hongkong, ' for ' Tacoma^itMgSHtaigttUnlUN
s.'. NEWCASTLE; f Aus^-Salled Feb 1^-Stmr
Cronipton,; for- San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
: VICTORIA, B C — Arrived, Feb 14— Nor stmr
Tltania, hence Feb . 10; -.Dutch 'stmr Folminu
ordered back from i Vancouver to quarantine. ;
FOREIGN PORT.
/ASTORIA— Arrived Feb ', 14— Stmr Columbia.'
from ' San Francisco. V .,
DOMESTIC : PORT.
, , . Friday,. February/ 14. -
Stmr Meteor. Jensen, 32 hours -from ¦ Re
dondo.iHWWBi**!''* . > • ,
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
Selections for To-Day.
First race-constable, . Bassenzo, Phyllis.
¦ Second . race — Gold Van, Nlgrette, Adiron
dack, y. , r • ¦ • . ¦ . - ¦ .
Third race — Floronso, Shell Mount, Sea
Lion. , , ,
¦* Fourth r«ce — Articulate, • Nones, Diderot. > . '
•Fifth 1 rac9— Dtickoy,^ Kenllworth. Meehanua.
Sixth race — Silver Fizz, Esternell, Joe . Rip
ley. .. / : -. '.. -- ¦'
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.-Mlsa Alice
Roosevelt left Washington at 4:50 for
Groton, Mass. She was accompanied by
the White House steward. .
At each taking of the chart the .' res
piration, puls6 and temperature of the
patients were normal, and from all ap
pearances the convalescence was unin
terrupted- It is hoped that the boys .will
be able to Bit up, by. Monday. Young
Roosevelt's lunfes are rapidly clearing,
with' the possibility of resolution being
completed in a very few days, r The re
port from the sickroom to-night at 3
o'clock showed all. the boys asleep. From
now on they will not be awakened for
the administration of medicine, as it is
believed Bleep. will be the most beneficial
thine for them. ...
GROTON, Mass.. Feb.. 14.— This was an
uneventful day at the, Groton School.
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. has Improved
very rapidly and for the first time since
his illness he partook of solid food, meat
being Included in the diet. . The boys rest
ed comfortably all day. ,_
Roosevelt Show That Danger
Is Passed..
Reports From Sickroom of ' Young
PON OF THE PRESIDENT
RAPIDLY IMPROVING
• . Dr. Rixford 'explained how descriptions
of diseasesarenot as valuable to medical
science as a' representation of their effects
as seen in sculptures and paintings.. "The
artists,'.' he said,--. "are the true scientists
of the middle. ages. 'The value of the an
cient Grecian . and Egyptian sculptures
was very great to the present generation,
he explained, In. that the. evolutions of
various diseases could. easily be deduced
from a clear ¦ exposition of their earlier
forms. . / ,• . , ;
• The. lecture. was Illustrated with stere
optlcon views of the work of some of the
first sculptors of whose existence the
modern 'world is aware.
In spite' of the inclement weather, a
large audience was present at Cooper
Medical College last night to listen to a
very interesting lecture by Dr. Emmet
Rlxford' on; "The Pathology of Art."
cient Paintings • and Sculpture
to Medical Science.
Dr. Bixf ord Explains Value of ' An-
INTERESTING LECTURE
ON PATHOLOGY OF ART
yf^>. N Monday last at Oakland enough
¦¦/f : --vV money was bet on the chances of
II If Barnatb, a rejuvenated cripple,
and one of the eight : starters in
- the second event, to sink a battle
ship Winnie O'Connor had the leg up on
that occasion and couldn't get the geld
ing to untrack himself/ Yesterday; with
fifteen pounds less weight up and a more
sloppy track > to run over, Barnato ap
peared a different horse altogether. Forty,
to one in the ring, he went out In^the
mile selling run and "tin-canned' his Held
fromStartto finish. Constable and For
mero the , two [ favorites, fought it out
for the place,' the former. getting there by
a nose The winner was not overlooked
by any means,' several of the books getting
hit to the ; race after "bumping" the two
choices.'-, - ; ', •
Despite the muddy going, horses ran
• fairly weir to form, favorites dividing
•honors with the longer priced ones In tho
betting. - Rain i fell almost continuously,
making it unpleasant for the riders and
spectators alike. ,. V . ¦ : tl ,
' Two or three good things were untied
in the opening sprint, but failed. to come
through. .! At the .start. Lee Jackson On
imp. - Mildred / Schultz, \., played from 20
down to 10, Jumped away in front, leading
almost to the wire. Johnny Woods astride
.Annie Max : gdt up at this stage with the
¦third choice, winning by a neck, a
warm one from the Chinn & Forsy the sta
ble, and. a 7 to 5 chance, ran* unplaced.
• Right at -home in the slushy going,
Grafter, with Jackson ' on his back, took
the sevemfurlongi event in 'an ordinary
gallop/ - Rushfields, a 12 to' 1 shot, led
Vasallo out for: place honors.
¦ During one period of ' the betting , about
the only kind of tickets' the . bookmakers
could peddle out ;on the third race were
those calling for Midnight -Chimes. The
mare was once 6 to 5, ,but later receded to
8 ' to ' 5 and her apparent ; lack of speed
would 'indicate^ that she was not ready.
QuiZ'II, backed '/, from .twos to 1', to 5,
showed irt front most of the route, splash
ing in nearly' half a dozen lengths-. ahead
of Eldred.. Patsy Dolan.at 40 to I.:' ran
i There waft no thing, to the second seven
furlon"g>uri"but-Sharp-Bird. The -Ezell
& . Laiarus entry; closed ,"a . slight : favorite
over Mission, and. In track parlance, "won
a' city block."; ; Colonel Eallantyne moved
up In the stretch, beating Mission' for the
P McGinn rode •-."a". 1 better . race on' Bard
Burns In. the final; number than he did
wh-m beaten by. Dr. Boyle some days ago.'
He ¦ raced ' out In lead : with: Gusto,-; and
notwithstanding Uhe /fact that,. O'Connor
on ' the > latter brought ¦ all of his • skill • into
play, the ; Bar d earned the decision \ by .1 a 1
Sixth race — One mile, selling; three-year-olds
and UDward. . •
(3276)The Weaver.. 99 3262 Louwelsea ... 94
3262 Ishtar .....:. 94 3285 Joe Ripley....ll9
3287 Urchin .116 3278 Esternell ...: 94
3264 .Tyranus . .... 96 32S0 Silver Fizz. ..104
S302 C. Ballantyne.114 •-
Fifth race — Six furlongs, the Amador handi
cap; three-year-olds and upward..
3290 Duckoy ......1101 <324S)Kenllworth ..130
<3272)Mureeca .;.\. 98) (3266)Meehanus ....110
Third race— One mile, selling; three-year«olds
and upward. . • . - -.
(3291)Khell Mount.. 951 (3285)Wolhurst 107
3243 Legal Maxim. 85l (3295)Sea Lion. .....108
321S Floronso .....1071 3256 Captivate .'. .. 85
Fourth race — One, mile- and , a quarter, j the
Burns handicap, ' purse $10,000; three-year-olds
and upward.' '• ' . •¦
.... Nones 119 3235 Black Dick.. .107
3290 Horton .104 <r>261) Articulate ,.;112
(31fl4)Scotch Plaid. .103 (3290)Diderot ......102
(3256)Eonlc 88 3248 Frangible .... 82
3176 The Fretter. -.108 32«1 Joe Frey,.... 113
3236 Greyfeld 1CW <3218)CorrUran .....100
29S2 Obla 105
Second race — Four furlongs, purse; two-year
olds. ' -' .
(3283)Adirondack ..108 3283 Nigrette .....101
3210 Gold Van..... Ill 3283 H. Chancellor. Ill
r3257 Len Reno.. ...108 , ' .
neck. Galanthus, the favorite, . lacked
speed, finishing- last.
Following are the entries:
First race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds. • -¦ •
3296 Bassenzo 109 3284 Phyllis ......107
3303 Constable ....100 325S Silva Cruz 112
3282 St. Chester... 107 2706 Estado 112
3276 Baldo ........100
Allegations of attempted fraud are made
against some of the defendants. Nearly
5%00,000 is in dispute, the coal combine
claiming that this amount was Illegally
withheld from it. An injunction its asked
for. The list of defendants is the largest in
any recent suit and is comjJbsed of some
cf the most prominent people in Alleghe
ny County.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 14.— Attorneys R. T.
Watson and John S. McCleave, on behalf
of the Pittsburg Coal Company, the rail
road coal combine, have entered suit in
the County Court against William P. de
Armit, John Walker, 'William H. Berger,
George Lauder and many other prominent
former stockholders of the New York and
Cleveland Gas Coal Company, the Fidelity
Title and Trust Company. Moore &
Schley of New York, the Pennsylvania
Mining Company and others.
pute in a Coal Combine
Case.
Nearly One Million Dollars in Dis-
FORMER STOCKHOLDERS
ARE ACCUSED OF FRAUD
ALTOONA, Pa., Feb. 14.— Three men
killed, four probably fatally and two se
riously injured, one freight train a com-'
plete wreck and another nearly so, are
the results of an accident this morning
on the Pennsylvania Railroad on a steep
grade a few miles below the Horseshoe
Curve. The dead:
A. S. GROVE, conductor. .
W. B. WESTNOR. brakeman.
T. W. COONEY. brakeman.
The probably fatally injured are: M. W.
Han man. flagman; B. W. Kinkead, en
gineer; K. XV. Fluke, engineer; Simon
Frederick, brakeman.
Seriously injured: The firemen of both
engines, names unknown.
Control of the second section 'of an
eastoound freight train was lost soon af
ter emerging from the Callltsin tunnel,
and two miles west of Alegrippus it
crashed into the rear part of the first sec
tion. Ten cars, the caboose and two en
gines were completely wrecked.' Grove,
Webster and Cooney were in the caboose
of the forward train. Their bodies were
torn to pieces. Hartman was standing
on the front platform, of the caboose and
the shock threw him far down over the
mountain side. Engineer Fluke of the rear
train and his fireman jumped when they
saw the train ahead of them. Fluke was
found unconscious fifty feet away from'
the track. •-¦ ¦»¦
Terrible Disaster Occurs on the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Line.
THEEE KILLED IN WRECK
. Resolutions regarding; the construction
of vessels In the United States navy yards
were adopted by the San Francisco Labor
Council at its meeting last night. The res
olutions recite that the Government ] has
several large and well-equipped navy
yards, representing- an investment' .of
$150,000,000, and the Sentaors and Repre
sentatives in Congress from California are
urged to give their assistance toward hav
ing a measure passed providing for the
construction of at least one warship in
each of-the Government yards,
i An amendment to the by-laws was in
troduced preventing any delegate • who
holds a political position from taking part
in the deliberations of the council.
A resolution was received from the San
Francisco , lodge of the machinists' union
advocating the creation of a Board of La
bor by charter amendment, if necessary,
or by action of the Board of Supervisors.
The head of the board is to be appointed
by the Mayor and have a salary of $2400
a year. • ¦ --- ¦ ' ¦ :¦ ¦¦ . ' * ¦
The, retail clerks will give a vaudeville
show and dance at Native Sons' Hall,' on
March 6.- '•¦: ,..-:'¦.,'¦ "¦'¦-,
gressmen to Advocate Passage
of Such a Measure, -i
Labor Council Urges California Con-
WANT WARSHIP BUILT
IN GOVERNMENT YARDS
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— In the swimming
contests at the Sportsman's show to-night
J. Scott Leary won the 200-yard race from
Brewer In 2:39 4-5. The race was close.
Both men belong to the Olympic Athletic
Club, San Francisco.
Olympic Club Swimmers Win.
LOS ANGELES,: Feb. 14.— Two more
ball players have been signed by" Manager
Morley for - the Los f Angeles I Club. They
are Pitcher William i J. . Slagle and Out
fielder F. L. 'Du Shane, -rhe new pitcher
comes from - Norfolk, in the Virginia-
North Carolina. League, where he estab
lished a good reputation last year. Du
Shane is at present Los -Angeles agent for
the United States- 'Fidelity Adjustment
Company. He played' last season with the
Quincy Western League team. k r ¦'."-
Ball Players for Los Angeles.
So far - in the tournament Sigourney
stands high man. having won five out of
his six games. But should Norrls beat
Conklln to-morrow It would be a tie for
first place. In case Conklln should beat
Norrls there would be a tie between
Conklln, Norris and Mlal for second place,
and the tournament in consequence -would
not end until next Tuesday or Wednes
day. ;•. -'
"Wilson H. Sigourney— 0. 1. 1, 14, 0. 1. 6 0.
32. 24, 1 19. 2. 0, 9. 1. 12. 23. 6, 3. 9. 0. 0 0.
0, 0. 8. 8, 0, 0, 0. 0, 0 0. 10.- 10, 0. 0, 1 6 0
6. 31, 5. 3. 3, 0, 3, 0, 2 0, 6,. ft, 6, 0, ol'4 3.
5. 15. 19, 19. 14. 2, 0, O, 0. O. 12. 1, 2, 2. 9* 0.
6. 0. O. 7. 2. Total. ioO; average, 5 5-79.
Charles Threshie^ — 14, 16. 1 0, 1. 13. 6. 1. 4.
0» 0, 2, 0. 0, 7, 3. 0. 3. 5, 0, 0. 3. 1. 1. 0. 0.
T. 0. O 0, 0. 1, 1, 2. 22. 7. 12, 0. 24. 0. 0, 9. 11.
2-1. 6, 0, 6, 6. 2. 0. 1. 1. 0, 0, 3. 19. 27. 3. 7,
17, 1. 13. 2. 4. 1. 3. 4. 15. 4. 0. 13. 9. 0. 7. 13.
1. 1. Total, 376; average. 4 36-79.
The afternoon game between SIgourney
of San Francisco and Threshle of Boston
was the longest but two of the tourna
ment, and resulted in a victory for tho
Pacific Coast champion by a score of
400 to 376. It was a slow game, but its
closeness kept the interest of the onlook
ers always on edge. The Boston man led
during the first eight innings, but after
that the Californian crept slowly but
surely away, from his opponent, winning
out by twenty-four points in seventy
nine innings." Score:
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— In the- class A
billiard tournament at the- Knicker
bocker Athletic Club to-night C. S. Nor
ris of New York defeated Dr. Mlal, also
of this city. Score:
Morris. 400; average, 7 22-54; high runs. 48.
25. 24.
Mlal. 841; average. 6 23-53; high runs, 41.
25. 24. ,
ing Game in UTew York.
Expert Eilliardists Have an Interest-
SIGOUR2TCY DEFEATS THRESHTE
Jeffries expressed . . himself as well
pleased when informed of Fitzsimmons' in
tentions. He arranged to meet Fitzsim
mons to-morrow to sign articles. He said
he would be ready toi fight in April or
May. The battle will probably be held on
the Pacific- Coast. *»i— ' :
SALT L&KE.Feb.Tlfs-^VSllent" Rowan
of Anacondar- and 'Phil Green- of Salt Lake
fought to a draw in a twenty-round con
test for the- feather-weight championship
of Utah and Montana before the Salt Lake
Athletic .Club to r night; -
This is the result- of the long negotiation
and wrangle between the two men/in the
course of. which Fitz has held out for an
even division of the money. " It seemed at
one time that the .fight. would fall througa,
owing to his obstinate contention, but it
appears that he was only sparring for the
advantage. Finding that the champion
would not yield he now consents to fight.
1 NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— Fltzsimmohs has
decided 'to; accept : Jeffries' terms"" for 'a
fight of 60 per cent to the winner, 40 to" the
loser, -.Fltz favors giving .-lthe-_clubs.. a
chance to bid for the fight."- ; -...-. ¦ .,
Pugilist as, to the Division of
. Proceeds dlBoutv;': '
Accepts the . Terms, of the Calif or uin
I'lTzsnoroNS agrees ; . ¦;
TO FIGHT JEFFRIES
It is thought that there ¦ are others
killed or buried under the sand at tHe
scene of the wreck, as there are several
missing and yet unaccounted for. A crew
of workmen are clearing the wreck and
looking for the bodies. If the engineer
had not stopped the train when he did the
entire train might have been hurled down
the embankment.
Just back of the caboose there were
three cars of sand and many of the men
were burled underneath the sand, which
was thrown forward by the terrific im
pact. Six men are known to have been
Killed outright. Three were left on the
scene and three were brought to Little
Rock on a train that was dispatched to
the scene as soon as the news could be
sent to the city. Fifteen injured persons
were brought to Little Rock and are now
at St. Vincent's Infirmary. One of the
most seriously Injured died on the way
to the hospital from the station.
The train was going; slowly, but was,
almost upon the rocic when it struck the'
track. Engineer Nasor reversed his en
gine at once, but the rock struct' it with
almost full force. The caboose was at the
head of the train and ¦was broken into
splinters. Most of the men who were
killed and injured were in the caboose.
There was a crew of fifty-four men,
white and colored. - ,
The work train was headed west, the
engine pushing six cars and a caboose. It
was in charge of Conductor G. R. Gamble
and Engineer Nasor and Fireman W. H.
Evans. As the train was passing under
the high bluffs bordering the river, two
miles west of Little Maumelle, the crew
saw a heavy rock rolling down the steep
declivity, it having been detached from
the hillside by the rains.
The injured are: Bill Pannager.^ fore
man of gang, leg broken and internally,
injured, serious; William Logan, Boone
ville, hurt internally, Andrew
McGee, colored^ Little Rock,_ internally;'
Freeman Davis ; John Connor ; Edward
McGlnnis, foreman extra gang; Frank
Powell, colored; Emmett Burnett, col
ored; John Hollins, colored; Jim Carroll,
colored; W. H. Bellew, white; D. C.
Hardin, colored; Otto Paylor.
TWO UNKNOWN MEN:
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Feb. • 14,-Seven
men were killed and at least fourteen
were seriously injured by a huge bowlder,
weighing fifteen tons, which crashed into
the caboose of a. work train on the Choc
taw. Oklahoma and Gulf Railroad, twen
ty miles west of Little Rock, at 10 o'clock
this morning. The dead are: - : .
SAMUEL SIMON, white, Booneville.
Ark. - ,
B. T. JONES, white, Booneville, -Ark. -
ORANGE FOSTER, .colored, Little
Rock.' f . .. :." " : . " "-*",
JOHN WILLIAMS,' colored, North Lit
tle Rock. ' :'
HENRY McGEE,, colored. Little Rock.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— The War De
partment's bill for the reorganization of
army staff branches and the creation of
a general Etaff corps was transmitted to
day to Chairman Hull of the House Mili
tary Committee and by him Introduced.
It consolidates the quartermasters', sub
sistence and pay departments Into a di
vision of supplies under an officer rank
ibg as major general, with brigadier gen
erals in charge of the branches of sup
ply, commissary, finance and transporta
tion. The "General Staff Corps" is to
consider the "military policy of the coun
try and prepare comprehensive plans for
the national defense and for the mobil
ization of the military forces in time of
¦war." It also has charge of all questions
affecting the army and the co-operation
of the army and navy, plans of campaign,
armament, equipment, etc A lieutenant
general is at the head of this board with
one major general, one brigadier general,
four colonels and numerous officers of
lower rank.
The provision creating the general staff
corps follows:
The President is authorized to detail from
the army at large officers of the rank here
inafter named, who shall be designated the
general staff corps and whose duties shall be:
To consider the military policy of the coun
try and prepare comprehensive plans for the
national defense and for the mobilization of
the military forces in time of war. To con
eider and report on all Questions affecting • the
welfare and effioacy of the army. Including
organization, methods of administration, arma
ment, equipment, transportation, plans of cam
paign, collection of military Information and
such other professional -matter &s^ -may . be_. re
ferred to them.
To devise means for the co-operation of the
military and naval forces of the United SU.tes
with & view to harmonious action In time of
war. To prepare and supervise the preparation
and arrangement of material for the military
history of the United States, and to serve as
an afc-ency through which all means of pro
fessional military Information Ehall be. at any
time, at the disposal of the War Department.
The chief of the general staff is to have the
rank of lieutenant general, and is to be detailed
by the president from officers not below the
grade of brigadier general. With him are as
sociated a major general, >6ne brigadier gen
eral, four colonels, six lieutenant colonels,
twelve majors and twelve captains. There >¦>
a proviso that General Miles shall be chief of
the general «staff while he continues in com
mand.
Inspection of troops is to be made by the
general etaff and the inspection of money ac
counts is transferred to the Treasury Depart
ment. Provision is made for the gradual ab
eorption of the inspector general's branch by
the general staff corps, and its ultimate discon
tinuance. Provision is made for the promo
tion of non-commissioned officers to the grade
of eecond lieutenant by a system of examina
tions, and a number of ether provisions de
eigned to increase our military efficiency are
incorporated in the measure. - • - -
The Secretary of War is given authority to
take poesession of vessels for military purposes
upon a reasonable charter price. Patents by
army officers are made the property of the
United States. The number of military cadets
to be appointed by the President is not to ex
ceed ten «r year.
"We have no business to sit silent while
women who go as teachers, as commis
sioners and as benefactors of the 'Islands
are under perfect subjection to, men"
, The convention then took up the ques
tion'of deciding "upon th'e next place of
meeting in 1003. Niagara Falls. St. Louis
Denver, New Orleans and Baltimore were
in the field for the honor. The Rev
Anna Shaw* strongly favored New Orleans
and moved that the invitation from that
city be accepted. The motion was unani
mously carried, - . "; . .
Toward the. close of the afternoon ses
sion" ex-Senator Frank Cannon of Utah
addressed the convention. He declared
that- 'women, have .the right to vote the
BB.zaes as, men. The. only question involved
was, is I it ;a duty ? : Men discharged the
duty of voting in -their, own 1 way, but the
question. -was . whether ; ,they have dis
charged, their duty before God; and man
kind 1 so .that -women are not needed to
assist In Its discharge. ' At one time he
rhad been, opposed to', woman suffrage
said, but he. long since had changed' hit*
mlnd.'\< It was: the women who,; had
brought' about- the redemption" l of»'New
York; City." He concluded by - asserting
that women' will hot degrade politics
"Think of them being put under the
heel- of barbarians of the Philippines and
the barbarians sent- from this country
who are worse than the Filipinos. '
' This latter 4 remark was loudly ap
plauded." Continuing, she said:' •
"Therefore," she said, "we- must go to
them." She pleaded for suffrage for the
women of Hawaii, Porto Rico and the
Philippines. After referring to the school
teachers who had gone to the Philippine
Islands, she said:
Susan B. Anthony said she believed in
carrying the gospel of woman suffrage to
every convention of men and women that
could "' be ' reached, because Catholics
Presbyterians, Congressmen and others
never come to the conventions.
Plea for the Islanders.
' Speaking in behalf of the committee on
legislation. Gail Laughlin said that their
duties were somewhat restricted from the
fact that this is "an off year" in politics,
but that in eight States holding elections
this year the State suffrage associations
are making efforts to obtain larger rights.
"It behooves us," said Mrs. Catt, "to
hasten the day when women may vote in
order that they may be eligible not only
for Government positions, but that they
may have an equal opportunity with men
In all'-the industrial lines of work."
Mrs. Catt said in response to these re
marks that it was not so much a wonder
that woman Is being closed out as it Is a
wonder -that she ever was appointed at
all. Only the depletion of the number
of men during the Civil War, she said,
was responsible for women holding office.
As the pressure for patronage grows
stronger, she declared, it is but natural
that those who have no votes shall be
considered less and less eligible for Gov
ernment positions.
When: the convention was called to or
der Clara Bewick Coldy delivered an ad
dress on "Industrial Problems." In which
she criticized' the pending legislation in
Congress providing for the abolishment of
sick leave of Government clerks, on the
ground that women were constantly ab
senting themselves. This, she said, was
a covert attack on womanhood. In the
Interstate Commerce Commission, where
no Women are employed, she said, the
percentage of absence for sickness was
greatest.
Sick Leave for Clerks.
Miss Mando of Maryland agreed with
the suggestion of Mrs. De Merrltt, saying
that a woman in | looking over a paper
for recipes: for mince pie and fruit cake
or something to beautify her complexion
will stumble across a paragraph about
woman suffrage if there is a woman's
column and that she will undoubtedly
read and digest- it.
Mrs. Chesbrough of Buffalo pleaded for
clear, condensed and up-to-date articles
for' the- press. The" '."difficulty that the
wotnan suffrage organization encountered,
she said, was in furnishing to the news
papers something new, showing what ad«
vance has been and is being made in the
work. -
Mrs. Funk of Maryland said her ex
perience .had been that when articles were
properlyi prepared the newspapers accept
ed' them. A "suggestion from Mrs. De
Merritt'was favorably received. Her idea
was to have the newspapers adopt a
"woman's column," devoted to .woman
suffrage in the main, but seasoned with
other items of interest.
/:\Mts". Young of South Carolina said she
found newspaper work the greatest factor
lnthe dissemination of equal rights ideas.
•As a member of. her State Press Associa
tion, she declared, she had. never had any
opposition in. the association on -account
of being a woman editor except from one
tna-n.-who had insisted -that it would ruin
any press , association to have 'women
members.-' ' 1- . • . - . ,.
WASHINGTON, -Feb. . 14.— Before the
National" 'Woman- Suffrage" " Convention'
met to-day the 'delegates gathered in in
formal conference for the purpose of dis
cussing press" work. ' Mrs.' Elnora N. Bab
cock . presided. . She announced ; that '.''as'
different portions of ' the : . United States
heeded different remedies and-, as. the
South, was a fertile field. the time would
be allotted to hearing from delegates from
the Southern States. ... ¦ ,. ' ; .
Second race, three and a half furlonss — The.
Don won. May Allen second. Royal Deceiver
third. Time. :43.
Third race, selling, on© and a sixteenth miles
— Zack Phelps won, Uncle Tom second. El Mo
ran third. Time 1:49%.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs^ — Marie-
Bell- won. Ben Hullura second. The* Hoyden
third. Time. .1:13%.
Fifth race, selling; one mile — Banish won.
Bluo Ridge second. Choice third. Time. 1:40%.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Egyptian Prince won. Lindenella second. Bal
loon third. Time. 1 :48.
First race, seven furlongs — The Four Hun
dred won. Panther second. Chickadee third.
Time, 1 :29. ' ,
NEW- ORI^EANS. Feb. 14.— Crescent City
summary;
New Orleans Races.
Suffragists xfalk of the
¦'¦;*. : ' Press and of the
K%;^-:7-Bailb^iSl^i'
Seven Men Are Killed in
a Disaster in
Arkansas. :•' "
War Department Sub
mits Important Bill
to Congress. )
Contrary to agreement, -Parker hit his
opponent in ¦; several - clinches. . -Referee
Otto C. Flototatvthe -close of- the fifth'
round announced he would disqualify the
man who failed to break clean. As Arm
strong up to this time had kept the agree
ment it-was not difficult to see who the
warning was aimed at. -Everything went
all. right until the seventh; when Parker
let fly a stiff right jab to Armstrong's ribs
just as the men had come to .'& .clinch.
This, while it did no damage, was quickly
noticed by the referee, who disqualified
the Kid and awarded decision to
Armstrong. Armstrong floored the | Kid
several times with/ right 'swings to -the
head. -These, while not particularly dam
aging, forced Parker, on one occasion to
remain down eight seconds.- .
..: DENVER,- Feb. 14.— Billy, Armstrong of
Calif ornia won ! from" Kid' Parker of Den
ver on a foul to-nlghtin the seventh round
of what was scheduled to be a ten-round
-boxing bout before the -Denver Athletic
ClUb.-. r.:- ; .,..¦...;,.-• . ., ¦¦; • ... ,-, ¦ ¦^..; ;
Boxer • Through a Foul.
Gains the. Decision., Over the , Denver
ABMSTEONG DEFEATS PARKER.
WOMEN PRAISE
THE NEWSPAPERS
ROCK CRASHES
UPON A TRAIN
¦ BRITT. - . ¦ • ¦ IRWIN.
A 5 feet-6 inches.. Helght..5 feet 7 inches
.: .133 pounds.... -.Weight..... 133 pounds
( 65% inches. .. . .Reach .68 inches
gS 36% inches:.. ..Chest.... .38% inches
-28 inches."....-. .Waist.-., .32 Inches
•10% inches .'...Forearm.... 11% inches
: 12 Inches. , . . . . .Bleeps.'. . . .13% .inches
. 19% inches.'.... Thigh..... 22% inches
'13 inches Calf ..14 Inches
• In' the first round Walcott sent Handler
to the floor with aMeft. to the wind, fol
lowing it up with a left. to the. jaw. Hand
ler took the count and went to. a clinch.
They were hugging. when the gong soundr
ed. In the second round Walcott dropped
Handler twice," the latter coming back
each time. "Walcott . finally, dropped him
for good with a left on the jaw. . ••;
1 CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— Kid Broad of Cleve
land and Young. Mowatt* of '-Chicago
fought Bix:rounda.to:a draw to-night at
the Illinois Athletic Club. The fight was
an even affair. all, the way, neither man
being able to gain much advantage at any
time during -the contest. . -• • ¦ . :- .¦
PHILADELPHIA,.' Feb.v 14. — Jimmy
Handler-was knocked out in the second
round- by Joe Walcott to-night at .Indus
trial Hall: . It .was to have been a"six
round -bout. ¦'„?¦'¦ '¦¦* , ¦• •/ '-: » ¦ ;. ¦.'-¦¦':'«'•'
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RACING
IT ; Is | many -years since so' much senti
ment has Ibeen shown over the' pro
fessional debutofa boxer,ashas de
veloped, about the first appearance In
; : the ring-'ot Jimmy. Brltt.'- ' ¦']'
.This, is owing to , his. , wide .ac
quaintanceship and .his meteoric career as
an amateur," in the -boxing .tournaments of
the Olympic Athletic Club. He has never
been defeated, ¦ apparently outclassing ' all
the men against whom he has been drawn.
1 How far his j amateur;, experience .will
carry, him . next Tuesday night ?when he
meets -Toby Irwin, a young , though sea
soned professional/Is the question. which
cannot be' answered until Referee. ; Jack
Kitchen has the winner. Both
boxers' have youth, strength' and : game
ness," a good foundation for the work they
¦ have outlined for themselves.
1 , Although each boxer weighs 133 pounds
< Irwin is one'lnch taller than his opponent
ARMY MAY HAVE
A STAFF COUPS
tested fight that has ever taken
place in Oakland. There were many who
thought that after the draw battle be
tween these two men on July 4 last the
fight to-night would be tame. In this
they were agreeably disappointed. The
fight started in from thrf first round and
lasted until Nelll completed his work in
the tenth with an uppercut that landed
squarely on Thurston's Jaw. It was ten
minutes before he recovered conscious
ness. There was not a moment of the
OAKLAND. Feb. 14.— Al Nelll
knocked Charles Thurston out In
the tenth round of the fastest,
hardest and most stubbornly con-
ninth, round; giving Thurston ¦ the elbow.
This made Thurston: angry and /in '.the
tenth- round there was. a whirlwind' of
fighting, in .which Thurston got the worst
of the argument. " The 'round' culminated
¦with 'a- terrific uppercut that put .Thur
ston out. ,'• ' .¦- ¦-'•'/' V /¦ "'¦ ''o f
I The first ; preliminary'-, was "between
Bobby. Johnson and Willie Borneo John
•son.*had all the^best'of the fight; but Ref
eree. Williamson, gave., the decision- .to
Borne on a. foul. in the third. round. ..
Louie Long took the measure of /Jim
Dorety , of San Francisco without ,any
trouble, '.^knocking ; him out" in the fifth
round. Dorety'.was' saved -by" the bell in
the second round, when he was practical
ly knocked •. out. He . barely : stayed three
rounds more. :. ¦
Neill started out with a steady deter
mination to win his fight," and even the
wonderful recuperative powers of Thurs
ton could not overcome the .persistent
hammering that Nelll . administered.- Dur
ing the early pt»rt of the fight JCeilli kept
persistently punching- Thurston ; In- the
8tomR.cn. and in the fifth rourid landed
a right-hand swing that . fairly - lifted
Thurston off the ground and caus'ed him
to groan. . r : . ;-
In the seventh and eighth rounds Thurs
ton revived and began -to show-signs tof.'
returning strength while Nelll seemed ' to
be showing the effect of his hard work.
Nelll saw this and >mlxed matters in the
ten rounds that the 'two big men were:
not banging away at each otherln-a way{
that made, the spectators cheer. ¦.;• •
a quarter miles, will bo decided at Oak
land this afternoon. From the present
. outlook eleven will face the barrier. As
Joe Frey will be an absentee. Johnny
, Woods has been engaged to ride Articu
late. Jack Atkln made a stronger talk
to Green Morris for the services of O'Con
nor than did P. Ryan, so Winnie will
pilot Diderot' Instead of Obia. As All
Green Is, a non-starter, John Buflman at
last accounts was disengaged.
and his measurements show him to be
larger all over, as the accompanying table
indicates. - Irwin is much larger about the
chest and waist: His underpinning is also
much stouter, but in his work Britt has
always shown sufficient strength In that
quarter to carry him through the fastest
bouts. Irwin. has the longer spread of
arms. Not much Importance attaches to
this. "Walcott has a short reach, but per
forms •wonders, j
Britt's'work has attracted many visitors
to his training quarters. Those who saw
him. boxing with Leonard and Long wit
nessed some remarkably clever glove work
and hard hitting. He has practically end
ed his training and will taKe only such ex
ercise as will keep him in health.
An unusually, large crowd will cross the
bay.to*witness the light.
MEASUREMENTS
OF THE BOXERS
Negro Welter-Weight Shows
;• He Still i All- 'of
His- Skill : and ; Gunning
Each Man Is Busy Throughout ;; the 6ontest v sVVith Neill
Showing More ||jji|||u|f||^^^^^^QuSptting
Power— Bobbie Johnson koses-to -VVillie Borne on i aFoul
He Is .Knocked f put :inv the
Second Round 'of ; ; a: Fight
¦ in - a :: iPhiladelphia^Ririg
DESPERATE FIGHT IN RELIANCE CLUB
BETWEEN THE RIVAL WELTER-WEIGHTS
HANDLER NO MATCH
FOR JOE WALCOTT
IN A BOXING BOUT
PUGILIST NEILL KNOCKS OUT BOXER THURSTON IN TEN ROUNDS
THE SAN FRAK CISCO : CAU^TURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1902.
JFIiari-Has: Developed Over a Similar Case in Many
JYears-^Large Attendance • Expected by Acme Officials
'i^ore^ in the Ring
JAMES BRITT'S PROFESSIONAL DEBUT
IS ATTRACTING MUCH ATTENTION
9
POSTUM^CEREAL.
A STEADY WORKER.
CoSee Works Slow but Sure.
Many people use coffee day after day
¦without an idea of the serious work it
does with nerves, stomach, bowels and
sometimes with the eyes, heart and kid-
neys. Its work is done gradually; that is,
the poison affects the nerve centers a lit-
tle to-day and a little to-morrow and: so
on, and finally the nerve cells are slowly
broken down and then Nature begins the
call for help.
It is a safe proposition that if a man
or woman has headaches, stomach trou-
ble or any such ailments come on at in-
tervals, something is wrong: with the
food or drink, and this question should be
investigated carefully, for healthy is the
best capital anyone can possess and will-
fully breaking it down is a piece of child-
ish folly.
It is easy to leave off coffee if one will
take Postum Food Coffee." properly made,'
for Postum has a delicious coffee flavor
and a deep, seal-brown color,' which
changes to a fedden brown when cream
is added, -and it satisfies the coffee
drinker without any of the bad effects "of
coffee; on the contrary, the result -of
¦using Postum is the rebuilding of the
broken-down nerve centers by the food
elements contained In It.
Postum Is a pure food beverage made
by scientific food makers and can be de- \
pended upon absolutely for Its- purity!
and the good results tha.t follow Its use.
To bring out the flavor and food value
Postum must be boiled' at !ea«t 15 min-
utes after the boiling begins.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
I The Furrows *
The wear, the tear and the +
* t worry of life plough deeply. -*".%•
;< Physicians prescribe a lonical *
I ii Hunter*
J Btf Baltimore -,J
* am in ivY^ *
-?t fS * i I ¦ -^^ Jf-
¦k ' @c flL ' ¦
i BiaWt VJL' j**wig cheer and com- *•
* |^li**|^j^ fort - *
* For the F h y sical *
¦*¦ %yf^r^**?f&f^ nescb of women, *¦
%. v?tt*m) \ W ff ;'] "^Axj when recom- J
-k g^|Wyyf f^tH^^i mended, it is the ».
* purest tonica! *
* stimulant.
- 1 j .
CHRISTT & WISE COMMISSION CO.. J
*'. Inc., 223-225 California at, +
•k ; Francisco, Cal. . >
* ": Telephone Main 873, r j
60H03RICSA AND UBCTA2T 9ISCSABSS9
w* J / *%f £ On wb new
A CURE IX , 48 . HOURS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAJfA BITTEBS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
¦treocth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.t@10c lower; mixed 'and "butchers', $5 80®6 30;
good n to choice 'heavy, $6 25@6 45; *' .rough
l<eavy, $5 90@6 20; Ught, $550®5.90; bulk; of
sales, $5 85@6 25. r ... . • , i -
( SHEEP — Receipts,"* 7000: sheep and lambs
I steady. . Good _to choice wethers, $4 75i?5 25;
fair, to choice/ mixed,. $3 85@4 60: Western
fcheep, ;'$4 90@6; native lambs, . $3 75®« 75;
Western lambs; $5 25@6 75.
" '- ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH.. Feb. 14.-^CATTLE— Receipts]
2700. Market steady.' Natives. $3 50@«; cows
and .heifers. $1 86@5 40; veals, $3 75@6 75:
e tockers and feeders. $2 35® 4 75. * ¦ ,
. HOGS — Receipts, 9000. Market steady. Light
and light ' mixed. $5 55@6 10: \ medium and
heavy, $5 80®6 40; 'pigs, .$3 50@5.
SHEEP— Receipts. 500. ". Market' 10c higher.
Western lambs, $5 50®6 65; Western sheep,
$4 25@5 50. ¦ ,
Northern Business. -
PORTLAND.^" Feb, , 14.— Clearings, $426,215;
balances. $52,983. , ...
SPOKANE., Feb.-' 14. — Clearings. • $307,552;
balances.~$49,482. \ - - ' . * '
Feb. 14.— Clearings, $227,454; bal
ances,' $35,012. ' ' ;
¦¦ SEATTLE, Feb. 14.— Clearings, $620,523;
balances, $73,131..
- '¦-'. Northern Wheat Market.
;/¦." ¦¦-< ,¦ r . . . \ ..¦¦ ¦¦¦•'¦•¦- y
' OREGON. '
Portland; Feb. • 14.— wheat— steady at
full.flgures. Walla Walla, 65®65%c; Valley,
65%c; Blue Stem, 66%c. • ;
' Cleared — French. bark'.- Charles . Gounod, for
Queenstown, with 111,188 i bushels of wheat;
German " • bark Windsbrant, for Queenstown,
with 70,902 bushels of wheat. :•
Captain Vyddon Leysey has been appointed
as Lloyd's surveyor at this port.
'WASHINGTON.
.: TACOMA; Feb.- 14.— WHEAT— %c higher;
Blue Stem, 65%c;; Club, 64%c.
Foreign Markets. ¦
: ¦ ¦':'.:. ' ' • . .„
LONDON, Feb. 14.— HOPS (Pacific Ooast)—
Firm. £3-lO*0£4Bs. - . -.-.'•;
' LIVERPOOL,\ Feb. 14.— Receipts of wheat
during the past three days were 121,000 centals,
Including 95,000 American.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Business failures in ¦ the United States for
the week number 265, as against 247 last week,
226 in this week last year, 199 : In 1900, 160 in
1899 and 209 in 1898. Canadian failures num
ber -25, as against 29 last week and 39 in this
week : a year aso. • ¦¦¦ -. ', • "
tionally large ¦ buying by wholesalers from those
sections. .: Water J la reported ¦ scarce and ; rail
ways are ?. reported - hauling lit- one ¦ hundred
miles. .-. Kansas City ! and -• St. ' Louis, therefore,
are probably the « least favorable reports "¦ for
.a. Ions' time 'past.- — ¦ ¦ ¦•
Continued strength "is" to" be noted'in'aH- the
cereals "and flour, .fractional- advances , being
shown ; during >¦ the week, ;> while hog " products,
country • produce generally," iron "and steel and
otner metals are also quoted higher. The high
est prices In years have been reached by butter
al i 1 gKa • as ¦ a - result ? of « the ¦ cold weather;
wnjch ;• in the ; northern . part • of . the country,
particularly in the < East, -has, checked ship
ments and imneded 'collections.* ', The advance
in raw. cotton has been rapid, ¦ %c for the week
and %c j. since the present • movement began.
.Patient bulls are at last reaping the'reward of
their confidence in higher prices for the South
ern staple. • Despite increased receipts, visiblt
supplies will probably show another falling off
this jweek, ": and the heavy' export movement,
shipments tor .five , months" being 13 per cent
larger than last season, leads to | claims that
domestic - manufacturers • are -not- as . well . sup
plied as expected, and that relatively cotton is
being over-exDorted.'. " Cotton s goods have felt
the quickening influences operative In the raw
product, : but also reflect the increased demand
at leadins markets for all- varieties. -Print
cloths are. 3-10c higher on the week. Prints
and ginghams . are active, the flatter, being
heavily sold ahead, ' and ' advances in staple cot
tons have 'been numerous, this latter branch of
trade displaying more animation.
• Despite car shortages, which reduce sup
plies of .; fuel, cause : banking of furnaces j and
prevent, shipments of finished products,- pro?
ductlon and demand for I iron and i steel - are
Soing forward at a record-breaking rate. 1
- Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate. 3, 175, 481 bushels, as against 4,400,-'
470 last • week and 4,814.878 in : this week last
year. .Wheat : exports July l, x 1901, to date
(thirty-three weeks) aggregate 173,322,458 bush
els, as ajrainst 124,691,063 last season. Corn
exports aggregate 527.366 bushels, as against .
164,145 last week and 4,760.422 last year. July
1. 1901, to date corn exports - are 22,568,766
bushels,, against 123,122,481 last season. ¦ .
New York Grain and Produce.
Bank Clearings.
THE COAST RECORD,
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Dun's Review of Trade.
STOCK MARKET.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
!' ; Least; favorable advices. come from.the'South
and • Southwest,' though ; Chicago} notes . excep-
*~ ~ ; — . ¦¦¦ . ¦ .-- .''¦. .". --...' . *
- .NEW: YORK,' Feb.; 14.— Bradstreet' s "to-mor
row,will say: ¦- " . .-¦¦..
': :8alea' for spring account;. demand for manu
factures; and - industrial •; 1 operations '¦- generally
are ¦.: expanding, ' while *T prices V are : hardening.-
Specially '[ favorable '-', reoorts: came;- from th<5
West; and" Northwest,, and "the pleading Eastern
markets „' also ' note the ;, growth .'•' of i sales for
spring.'... -. ' ."¦'-'¦"¦ ' ¦" -: : , ¦"¦¦;¦-¦'¦ ¦'¦',•• '- '¦ : ¦"¦'-¦ '¦¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 38,000:-", to-mbrrow, :
32,000; : left over. * 8000; ; opened t weak; ". closed
CHICAGO,, iFeb.,; 14.^-CATTLE^Receipts,*
2500 : j steady . at '.Thursday* s ¦ advance! ; Good l to
prime v steers, • $6 50@7, 25 ; ; poor, to medium,' ~$*
@6 . 25 ; s tockers and feeders,' $2 60@4 60 ; cc-ws,
$25O@5; i heifers/ $2 50@5- 25;- canners", $1 25
02 25; bulls, ,?2 50@4 60;: calves.'s$2 60@7 50;
Texas fed steers.'' $4- 25@5 25. " ¦;.
CHICAGO.
Eastern j Livestock [ Market.
New York; Cotton' Market,
' NEW, YORK. Feb.; 14.— Cotton^closed steady.
3 points higher to, 3 points; lower. - • ' ¦¦
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcutfas; Wool Bags,
82@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c. .
COAL— Wellington, $9 per 'ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; "WaUsend." $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
- — ; Welsh Anthracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $!J 45 per 2OC0 lbs
and $8 60 per ton. according to brand.
Harrison's circular says : - £ESI«M
"During * the week there . have • been two ar
rivals of coal from Washington with 4000 tons:
three from Newcastle. N. S. W., 6982 tons;
two from Swansea. 4572 tons; total. 13.554
tons. Over 4000 . tons of English coke have
been, received here this week, and comes to a
good market. It -is seldom that not a -single
cargo of British Columbia coal has arrived here
during the week; this is forcing consumers
of house fuel to burn various grades of Aus
tralian coal On .the absence- or. Wellington),
the most popular of which is the^ •East Greta*
from Newcastle. There is a - cargo of this
grade now discharging. Business in coal for
steam uses Is very quiet, except for the .'off
shore'- demand ' for - transports and bay and
ocean steamers; 'inshore' < deliveries are
diminishing monthly as fuel oil ' has the call
and- is growing generally more - popular
Freights from Australia remain low. business
has been, done at 10s . per . ton. and • more ves
sels are offered at . same 'figure; at a small
shrinkage from this rate, ships will -prefer to
come ' in - ballast. - - This - has happened before
and it is now approximating to ballaat figures'
These low quotations work a hardship to our
coast- products, as their, values are regulated
to an extent, by the colonial competition- fur-
General Merchandise.
i Iron ruled firm and quiet here. -..The English
markets " were ¦ firm,- : closing with Glasgow ¦ at
51s and Mlddlesboro at . 46s 7%d.< Pigiron
warrants closed here at $11 50@12 60; No. 1
foundry.. Northern, $17 60@18 60; No. 2 North
ern, $17018; No.' 1 . foundry, • Southern, $16 500
17 50; No.- 1- foundry Southern soft, $16 50®
Spelter ruled; steady but quiet* here at $4 10®
4 15 and -London was 2s 6d higher at £17, 15s.
Lead .was. quiet .;- and' unchanged here 1 at
$4 12% and -London -was [also .'unchanged and
quoted at £11 12s 6d.' - > ¦• • ¦.-.,' ¦ ¦:> • .
-¦ Copper was. quiet and ; unchanged here 'at
$12 37%@12.62% for lake, $12 25® 12 50 : for
electrolytic and $12 12H@12 37% ' for -casting.
London -closed 2s 6d . higher. - with spot at
£54 15s and futures at £M 5s 2d.'., : ¦'• • -
NEW YORK, Feb.-- 14. —Very little that was
new developed in to-day's . market*. '; The ; New,
York for tln;was, a- shade.' better, : ,at
$24 87%@25. while" London Improved 15s; 1 clos
ing:' at . £113 16s for ¦ spot and . at ' £108 17s ' 6d
for futures. 1 . .- :.--:;. v ¦ "• j*. ¦
New Yorh Metal Market.
- There Is .nothing new " to report In the Po
tato market. * The Oregon steamer waa ex
pected with fresh ; supplies yesterday, but had
not arrived up to a late hour and receipts from
other sources were light. '¦'
\- Offerings of Onions are plentiful . and an easy
.feeling 'pervades the market. • .'
v Choice' Peas from : Los Angeles were slightly
higher, but wet and otherwise poor stock were
offering ¦ at . low prices.*: \ Other Vegetables from
the south continued scarce and -high. ¦•• Three
boxes of new Rhubarb were received and met
with quick sale at the quotations.- There were
'436 -.fcjoxes . Mexican ; Tomatoes . received per
steamer Thursday, but as. the steamer was late
in unloading no sales ; have been ', reported.
POTATOES— $1 10@l 35 for-Burbanks from
the' river;? Salinas ¦ Valley Burbanka, $1 GO®
1-86: 1' Oregon Burbanks, $1 25@1 66;, Oregon
Garnet Chiles." $1 40@l- 65; River Reds. $1 80O
1 60; Early Rose,': for seed, f 1 50@l 75; &mau
Burbanks. for seed, $12501 45; Sweets, $1 4t>
©1 50 for Merced.
*- ONIONS— Oregons. $2 25@2 60. flrtt hands-
Australian, $3; Nevada. $2 65; Green Onions
50@65c per box. • ¦:*•-.-. . • .-,...
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 10c ; per lb;. Greer.
Peas I from Los Angeles,- 5@flc; String Beans,
from Los 'Angeles,, 12%@20c, including Wax;
Cabbage," 40@50c per _ ctl : ; Los Angeles Toma
toes $2 ' per • . box and $2 60@3 per crate ;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2@3 per box ; * Dried ; Pep
pers. : 12%@15c ¦ per ¦ lb; . Los -Angeles do, 150
17Wc: < Dried, Okra. . 12%@16c per. lb; Carrots.
35® 50c ¦ per - sack ; - Hothouse -. Cucumbers. $1
per ,doien for;; large and .60@75c for small •
Garlic, '1%@2%c;Lo« Angeles Green, Peppers.
25c ; Mexican do. '-. 20®25c ; Egg ' Plant from
Los Angeles." 25c: Summer Squash '-from
Los 'Angeles.-* $2; Marrowfat Squash. $8@10
per ton; Hubbard' Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms,
40c@$l 50 per box. V^ffiMltefaS'^P
': Poultry > arid -.Game.
The. Poultry. market continued. firm for young
stock, but old Roosters were plentiful and dull.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Feb. 14—2:30 p. m.
, UNITED STATES BONDS. :
Bld.Aski Bl&Ask
4s qr reg....H2 112% Oceanic 5s ..101 —¦.-;•
4s qr coup.. 112 112% 43 qr c (new)l3SW130*i
-MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. . •
Ala A W Co. 76%103 lOrabus O 6s 131 _
Bay CPC 5s.lO» 100% Pac /G Im 4s. 95 9714
Cal-st 58.... 116% — IPkAC H Ba.105% — '*
C C Wat 5s. — ¦¦—/ Pk&O R 63.117 l">0
Ed L &P 6s. — • — ' Pwl-st R Bs.llftU _
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Sac EGR 5s. 95 9714
Geary-st, ' s - — — ?p & 8JV5s.l22%123t,
H C&S 5%s. — — Sierra Cal 63105 110
Do 5s .... — — 3 P of Ar 6s
L Ang R 5s. — 121% U909> 112% —
L A Light 6s — — (1910) Iia4ill4tl
Do gtd 63. ¦ — — 3 P of Cal 63
Do gtd 5s.lO4% — (W05)Sr A.lOfl —
L A & P 59.101% — (1906)Sr B.109% — "
Do lent Ss.lOt 103 (1906> 112 —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125% — (1912) '.'". — —
Do lem 5s.l21?4122V^ 5P of Cal 1st
N C R 6a.. — 111% c gtnd Ss.120 —
Do 5s. ...123 — Do stmpd..llO% —
. Continued on Page Thirteen.
*[- ¦ 4
- There was a very fair business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, but varia
£!P< nS T W . ere sll « ht - Gas and Electric sold at
*^ TheTt > was nothing new in the oil stocks
There was no noteworthy change In the aft
ernoon. Business was dull.
The PJedmont Oil assessment of 3%c was de
linquent on the board yesterday. The Gould
MffrVh I? a«essment of %c falls delinquent
At the annual meeting of the California. Titio
Insurance Company on the 13th the old board
of directors was re-elected. Quarterly dtVt
dends at the rate of 6 per cent per annum
were paid for account of 1901.
A dividend of 4 per cent m the liquidation
of .the deposits of the California Savings and
Loan Society is now payable. p ana
, Th >^, Standa r d Consolidated Mining Company
of Bodle will pay a regular dividend of 10
cents per share here and in New York Febru
ary 24.
. LIVERPOOL.
-."Wheat — . -¦ March.- ' i May.
Opening.. I. 6 2' 6 2%
Closing .'.-. 6 l?i > 6 2%
. ¦¦ )¦¦¦'. paris. : '¦'-¦*, -¦:¦¦¦¦¦:¦
Wheat— '.•/•..-• . Feb. • May- Aug.
Opening 2140 22 60
Closing..... 21 30 • 22 45 '
" ' Flour— - '.. jg • • • _..,¦'¦ -. ¦ . j; ' ;
Opening... ~.r. 26 70 ; 28 10
Qoslng ..."...•:.. 26 70' 28 10
The demand and supply about balance in all
descriptions and . quotations show no change. '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:.
BEEF — <5%@7%c for Steers and 6®7c per Xb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8@9c; small. 8@10o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®8%c; Ewes. 7%©So
per lb. V ¦¦•-'
LAMB —^Yearlings, 9®9%o per lb; Spring
Lamb. - ll@12^c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6®
6%c; 200-lbs and over. 5%@5Tsc; feeders, 6%"c;
sows,- 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs. 7%®9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Foreign Futures.
/.There was no further change In Beans. The
market was dull. - . . .- . -
EEANS— Bayos, $2 3502 60;, Small White,
$2 90@3 20; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea, $3 5Q.
@4; Pink. $1 00@2 20; Red, $2 75@3; Black
eye, $3 60@3 75; Limas, $4 45® 4 65; Red Kid
neys. $3 86@4 • per/ ctl. - •--¦
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 85@3: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax,- $2 40®2 75; Ca
nary, 3^4@3%c .for Eastern; Alfalfa, ~. from
UUh 8%c; Rape; 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles, $1 25@1 65; Green,
$1 25©1 50 per ctl. '^ ,
• Beans and' Seeds.
• Failures for ' the . week numbered^ 240 in the
United. States. ; acainst 257' last ' year, and - In
Canada 33, against 40 last year. :¦;• .
.Interruption to movement. by deep snow and
the • holiday was not sufficient • explanation ¦ of
the decrease : of Westsrn • receipts of wheat ' to
2,294.932 bushel", against 2.940.368 bushels last
year, or* of corn to .1,351,600 bushels, com
pared with 4,402,639 bushels' a .year ago. 1 ¦¦¦•, If
present • high figures are not attractive enough
to bring, out a more liberal- movement, there is
evidence of. light supplies and prospect of con
tinued • 8treneth.>; On the other -hand,-, some
neutralizing influence must be * recognized * in
exports of wheat, flour included, from all ports
of the United : States, I aggregating only 3, 429, -
820 bushels, against 3,099, 050. bushels last year, ;
while ports senfout but 396,076 bush
elsof corn, compared. with 3,926,602 bushels £¦
year aao. -\ ¦'. •--•o : ¦ ¦. .•,-. -. -v. --•-.•.,.. } ¦.
' In the Iron and steel industry ir is now be
ing demonstrated that ' there is such a • thing
as too much prosperity. ¦ During the last few
years there has been such; a marvelous expan
sion in domestic business that the capacity of
furnaces and mills as. well as transporting fa
cilities have failed to keep pace. ¦' ,"
Business continues to progress | satisfactorily,
notwithstanding heavy losses through the ele
ments. The new year has been. unusually han
dicapped ¦ in this way, floods and - sno\» block
ades beins closely followed ; by. flres and-ex
plosions, destroying much property and retard
ing traffic. It Is only another evidence of (he
"solid basis upon which the -nation's 'Industries
are established that in each case plans for re
building on a. grander scale are made before
the shock of the catastrophe ' had fully passed/
The , labor situation has .distinctly . improved
during the past week. Disputes at woolen mills
were adjusted except as to , the weavers; threat
ened disturbances in coal'- mines were averted,
while some railway employes received : volun
tary advances in wages. -A slight decrease of
3.5 Der cent ; In railway earnings for the- first
v/eek of February as- compared with the same
time last; year was not surprising In view of
the manyi severe storms and the diminished
movement of, eraln. • • • , : .
NEW YORK. Feb; 14.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was firm. Creameries, 17@28c.
les, 16%«j)22c. Cheese, firm, 10@10%c. • Eggs,
irm; fresh, -29c. ¦ • . '. .¦
The heavy rain checked trading In Hay.yes
terday, but values remained undisturbed,
though the feeling. was naturally easy. Feed
stuffs were also easy, with a pause in the de
mand.
BHAN — $18 50S!19 per ton. . . . • -.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. |19@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27f28; jobbing.
$28 60<g20; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal.
$31@32; Cracked- Corn, $31 50@32 60: Mixed
Feed, $17<K18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAT — Wheat, $10@13 60; fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat. *10@13 6O; Oat. $9@11 60: Alfalfa.
$S@11; Clover. $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@9; Stock,
$«S'8 50 Der ton.
• BTRAW— 40@ti5c per bale. -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull,
r.@10c lower; No. 8 spring wheat, 73%@70%c;
No. 2 red, 76%@78%c; No. 2 yellow corn,
60Kc; No. 2 oats, 43%@44c: No. 2- white, 45%
6459ic: No. 3 white, 44»,4®45%c; No. 2 rye,
C0V4c; fair to choice malting barley, 6O@O4e:
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 67@1 68; No. 1 Northwett
ern. $1 71%; prime timothy seed, $6 60; mess
pork, per barrel, f 15 65@15 .70; \ lard, per 100
pounds, $9 22%@9 25; short, ribs sides (loose),
$8 30@8 50; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7@
7>4c;. short clear sides ' (boxed), $8 75®8 85;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 31; clover,
contract grade, $9 30@0 35.'
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Klour. barrels ...30,000, : 25,000
Wheat. : bushels ...71.000 - 55.000
Corn, bushels 44,000 ' 57,000
Oats, tushels 70,000 89,000
bushels .... . . . . . . . 2,000
Barley, bushels 36.000-:; " 32.00O
HOPS— 10@llc for fair and ll%@12e per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 109
16c for shipment. .
WOOL — Fall,. San Joaquin. 6®8c; San loa
qutn Lambs', 7%@8%c; Middle County, 8310c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do
fall, 14@15c per lb.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2Va@3c.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c - under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; 'medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9o for heavy and 8%c for light;
Stags. 7c;. Salted Kip. 9c;- Salted . Veal, S%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 14c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30c
each; short Wool, 40® 60a each; medium. 65®
75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75©3 for large and $2 5O for medium.
$1 ~3@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry. ?1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium.
$1 25 . for 1 small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 60c; medium. 35c. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— The reaction which
developed in yesterday's stock market con
t nu«"l this mornir-s. but was checked during
the day and a level of prices was established
ruhFlantial'y above last night. The market
became unsteady again and closed rather
heavy. The question of a tax on stocks as
collateral for call loans seemed to play an
effective part^ in the day' 6 dealings, yester
day's decision. to collect the tax being appar
ently lesponsible for the weakness of the mar
ket this morning. Later reports that the ques
tion was still open to construction was followed
fcy the rally in the market. The special stocks
v-hlch rul«>d the recovery f.-ere^apparently in
fluenced by individual causes also. The deal
inpF in Colorado Southern were on a very large
scale.. The preferred stocks were also strong. <
The rumor )n the Ftreet to account for the
movement is that competition for control vt
the road is goinp on. probably between Union
J aciftc and the Gould interests. The strength
of Sugar was due to the decision to take up
the Cuban rr-ciprocity Question in Congress af
ter the war tax reduction measure Js out of j
ine way. Baltimore and Ohio was In very I
acMvr cemand and more than' recovered its
wmi-annual dividend of 2 per cent, which
came off this morning. Brooklyn Transit
ma<!e a notable recovery from yesterday's de- '
Iiression and Manhattan yts strong - In sym
pathy, but Metropolitan Street Railway fell
away over a jjolnt at the last. No public an
nouncement had been made in the street of
the Metropolitan's readjustment plan. The
Chicago and Great Western 'stocks roee from
1 to 2 per cent on reports that the company
had acquired the St. Joseph and Grand Islanj.
Southern Railway preferred rose on the belief
that it is to tie plaeed on a 5 per cent dividend
basis. The- advance In Southern Pacific wasT
aiso resumed for. over a point. Amalgamated
Copper was' the leader of, the specialties in
point of activity, and dropped 1% at cne time.
The Glucose Sugar stocks lost 2% each. Some
of the minor stocks which have recently ad
vanced suffered particularly from profit-tak
ing in the morning. Burlington, Cedar Rapids
and Xorthern Jumped 6 points on two transac
tions. Sterling exchange hardened slightly to
day. The reduction in the pr'ce of gold in
London shows that the pressure for gold from
Paris h3» relaxed, which makes demand upon
New York for gold Improbable.
Bonds were again active, but' the movement
of price* was irregular. Total sales, par value.
{3.545,000. . .-"¦•. ¦
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW TORK. STOCK LIST.
Stock* — I Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison .....' 6.700 78% 77% 77«;
AtchiBon pfd ...... 7,000 08^ 97% »8&
Bait * Ohio....... 4l>rifl 105% 103*4 105%
Bait A Ohio pfd... 100 * 84%- . 94% 94Vi
Canadian Pacific .. 1,200 115«4 115 115
Canada Southern .... S7%
Chf>£ & Ohio....... 1.300- 46% 45»i 46%
Chicago & Alton... 1.000* 34»4 34 Sill.
Chic & Alton pfd.. ..... 75s£
Chic Ind <& Louie.. 4,000 '54 B2% 54
'Chic Ind & L pfd.. 1.100 78 78 7»
Chic & East III.... 141
Chic &' Great West. 17,4'JO 24% 2*»i 24'i"
Chic & G W A pfd. 400 S6 S5' 86
Chic & G'W B pfd. 1,000 47% 46 47Vi
Chic & Northwest. 1,200 218% 216% 217'A
Chic R I & Pac.-.. 1,800 165 16314 164*4
Chic Ter & Tr 16%,
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. .31%
C CC & SI Louis.. . COO 102% 101% 101%
Colo . Southern ....50,900 13% 17% 19%
Colo Sou 1 Ft pfd... 9,200^ 67% 65% 67'i
Colo Sou 2d pfd... 13,500 35 83' 34^
Del & Hudson.;... 1.000 173 172 172
Del Lack & West. 7,900 283 281% 281%
Denver. &-RG..*... 44%
Denver & R G pfd. 300 83«4- 93% .03%
Erie ...-.'.' 7,600 40% 33% .39%
Erie 1st pfd:... 2.500 70% «9% "69-a
Erie 2d pfd ' 200^,56% 66 66%
Grea-t Northern pfd 600 188 18S 188-
Uodias Valley ... 200 -68% C8 68%.
Xexv York Stock Market.
Articles — '-• Open. - High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .•
May,.. 78% 78% 78 78"14
July.- ........ 78}i - .--.. 78% 78% 78%
Corn No. 2 — .
May 62&" 62% , 61% 62
July 62 -62H ' 61% 61%
Oats. No. 2— ''-¦- -.~ ¦; '• >-• ' . .
May ........ 43?i 43% 43% 43%
July ¦;.-.; 37^, 37% '. 36% 37
September .. .32^ 32^: 31*4 ¦'. 82
' Mess -Pork, per barrel —
May 15 85 15 00 15 85 15 871^
July ........16 00 16 00 15 05 15 07^
Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦ ¦ • '¦'¦•¦••.' '--Ji
May .....:.. 9 42Va 9 42^ 9 40 !) 40
July ........ 9 52% . 9.62% .-•» 60' 9 50
- Short- Ribt, per 100 pounds— . • ~
May, .8 52% 8 52 V4 8 47% 8 50 '
July 8.62J4 8 62^ 8 57% -8 60
September ..8 70 8 70 ¦¦ ' 8 67%' 8 67%
Chicago was, easy, being affected by the
weakness In grain. Traders were bearish. Re
ceipts of Hogs continue large, and the cash
demand is poor. Prices, however, are more or
less maintained by those who expect diminished
receipts very shortly.,
-There Is nothing new here.'
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy. 12c for lieht medium, 13c for light.
14c ' for extra light and 14^@i5o for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12®12}ic;
California Hams, ll@12c; Mess Beef, $9 50®
10 per barrel; extra Mess, $10 50<g 11; Family,
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$22 50@23; Mess. $18 50619; Smoked Bejf,
13%@14c per.lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for coin
pound and 10Vj©llc for pure; half barrels.
pure, HVic; 10-lb tins, 11 %c; 5-lb tins, 11%;
3-lb tins. 12c. .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. . 10%c; thre»
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierce*.
0%c; live tierces, 9Hc per lb.
Provisions.
Temperature— 7 a. m., 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. . .
A stnrm of moderate energy is now central
c.ver tho coast of Washington and will prob
sbly move eastward over the international
boundarj-.
Rsin has fallen en the coast from San Fran
cisco r.crthxvard and in the valley from Fresno.
Cloudy weather prevails in Southern California.
High southerly winds are reported in Nevada
and in the Sierra.
The river at Hed Bluff is 17 and rising; at
Sacramento and rising.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 15. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers; fresh south
f-riy winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday, pos
r:t!y light rhowers in the morning; light south
erly winds.
Nfvcrta — Cloudy Saturday; fresh southerly
v.indE diminishing.
San Francisco and vicinity'— Cloudy Satur
day, with showers; fresh southerly winds
\v ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
CHICAGO.NFeb. 14. — Wheat ruled dull and
weak throughout the day. Yesterday the hope
of a better export business and a good short
demand had strengthened the tone materially.
To-day, however, the better export demand
did not appear -as -expected, and there wa«
practically no short demand to keep up prices.
Cables at ¦ the start were a little better, but
the slight Bain was soon lost.- Outsiders kept
out of the buying side of the market and locals
sold both. The small cash demand growing
bearish sentiment , contributed - to the decline.
Stop-loss orders .were reached ' on the decline
and this occasioned more selling. May opened
a shade to %@Hc lower at 78%@78%c, sold
oft to 78c and closed weak, %@%c lower at
78}ic ¦ .. . - -..•-,.-..¦.
Corn trade was small with a leaning most of
the tlmo to the selling side. -May closed weak,
%c lower at 61%@62c. ; . . : .¦
Oats' were almost featureless. May closed
easy, : %c oft at 43%c. '- ¦
There was very little doing in provisions.
The grain weakness - and large hog receipts
caused a weak market. May pork closed - 2%o
down, lard 7}»>c lower and ribs 2%@5c down.
The leading futures ranged as. follows:
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 60@73 Squabs, per pair.50@80
Young Roosters. Doves, per doz — ®*1 5a
.each 50<gS5 Rabbits, each ..13g20
Old Roosters. ea.&0@63 Hare, each &"0
Fryers, each 501? 63 English Snipe ¦
Broilers, each ...4*^50 pe r dozen ..'—©$4 CO
Turkeys, per lt>..18@22 Jack Snipe...— @$2 50
Ducks, each ....50@75 Wild Geese per
Geese, each 11 50©2 pair 75c@$l 00
Pigeons, pair . ..40@50 Brant, each ....25033
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligator Pears. Dried Figs, pr lb— ©10
each 23-950 Grape Fruit ner^^
Almonds 15@20 dozen , 30®75
Apples 3@ 5 Limes, dozen ...10©15
Pecans — @20 Lemons, dozen ..20S30
Nuts 20@— Oranges, dozen. .20^Ct)
Bananas, doz ...15@25 Pears. Ib 8@l^i.i
Cranberries, qt.. — ®20 Pineapples, each. 30350
Cocoanuts. each.— @1O Raisin*, per lb.. 5313
Chestnuts, per lb.l5@20 Walnuts, pr lb.12%313
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, dz.|l®l SOjOkra, dried, lb..— @10
Beets, dozen 10®— Potatoes, pr lb..2®2'~.
Beans, white, lb. 6®— Parsnips, per dz.lOQwl
Colored, per lb. 5@— (Radishes, dozen " LU ' S^
Dried. Lima, lb.. 6® 8, bunches 13.® 20
Cabbage, each... 0@— j Rhubarb .. ..:H®12^
Celery, head 50— | Sweet Potatoes
Cress, dz bnchs:.20'foOI per lb . ' 2%3 4
Cucumbers. dz.*130@2jSage. iox bnchs.25®30
Egg Plant, lb 30®— ( Strtng Beans. pe r
Ga ''lic 4'S 6 pound 203 /> 5
Green Peppers.lb.30i®40 Summer Squash
Green Peaa. Ib.l2%gl3 per pound .'.-^23
Lettuce, per doz. 13<920j Sprouts, per lb 6® 6
Leeks, dzbchs..l5(?20 Spinach per lb B3>—
Onions, per lb.2%^3% Thyme. ' dz bch'^lr.o
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz.iol—
bunches 15® J) Tomatoes per lb " > 0'5 11 ">
Mushrooms, lb... 15^30i io.^-S-o.
FISH—
Carp ... ..I...— ®\2%$ Sea Bass — (313
Catfish -^12% Smelts ... ..." ISuS
Codfish 15@- Soles WOWA
5 0 « nd e« 10@— Skates, each .>. s|l!
Halibut — @13 Squid __«_
" e "J n S, 8@— Tomcod .'i6@mi
Mackerel — <§t_ Turbot . .^ . . i v»«%
Do, horse .... .— ®— Trout ... _I
£ e rch — ®— Brook Trout " * "_iZ
Pomplno ....75cg$l 00 Whlteflsh ... ."iol— •
Rockcod ... ....-©15 Clams, gallon ...50@—
Rockflsh — ®t5 Do^ hardshell,
Salmon, fresh ..20-S23 per pound sairt
Do S moked ...151*25 CrawflsS ... IV.l-S
Sardines — <g>_ Crabs each 15-a^o
o?i li, 15®— Oysters, Cal lOO.^O-fJoO
Striped Bass Do, Eastern, d Z .23|40
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats : ¦ _ -
Roast Beef .V..:i0@18iRoa3t Mutton.. 122M21-4
Tenderl'n Sfk.l5@17Vi [Mutton Chopa..lO@12H
Porterh'se do.,17%@20 Mutton Stew ...-nfl's
Round Steak..l0@12',i|Pvoast Veal 10ai5
Beef Stew ...... 8@10 Veal Cutlet» ....15®18
Corned Beef 8@10 Roast Pork ,...12% ©13
Roast Lamb ..12%@13 Pork Chops' —©13
Lamb Chop 3 ..12%@13i
Butter Is somewhat dearer, being scarce,
and the cheap keg goods are about all cleaned
up. Eggs and Cheese are unchanged.
' There is no variation In Meats. *
Fruits, Vegetables and Fish ¦ remain about
aa they were last week.
COAL, per ton— .:'.-.;,.';-
Cannel $ ©13 00. Southfleld
Wellington @11 00 Wellington $ — ©11 0O
Seattle. .... @ 8 60|Coos Bay ...»—© 7 00
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.—
Butter, choice. sq55@ 001 Common Eggs. — ©2214
Do. good 45S60 Ranch Eggs per
Packed, per lb..25@— dozen 22%S23
Cheese. Cal 15@17 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern . 17@20 pound lS® 1^)
Cheese, Swiss ...20@30 Do, extracted.. 8@10
MEATS, per lb—
Bacon 14@13|Poric Saa«age».12%@15
Hams 13@17 Smoked Beef ....17^20
Lard ...... ....15®— I • *
" Evaporated Apples are very firm, and sellers
say that stocks in first hands are down to a
baker's dozen of cars, the lightest ever known
at ¦ this time of the year. Prices, however,
stand the same. The other fruits continue firm
and unchanged.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7®8%c for Royals and 8
©13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 8@8%c; sundried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6<gi7%c: Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums, pit
ted 4@5 : %c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines.- 5®
6%c for red and 5%®6%c for white; Figs, 3c
for black and 60@75c per b^. for white.
PRUNES— 1901 crop areTquoted as follows:
30-40's. 6@6%c; 40-50*8. 4%@5%c; 50-60's. 4%.
®4%c; 60-70-s. 3%@4%c; 70@S(ys, 3%@3%c; 80
9(Ts 2»i@3%c; 90-10Cs, 2%@2%c per lb?
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6U
@7%c; -Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 6%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 73>
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers, $1 25
©1 35. ¦ ' ? '
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 8®8%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c- No. 2, 7c: Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell 0@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell' Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. ¦ • ¦
' HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 10®
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 6tfy
6c- light amber extracted, 4® 5c; dark, 4c.
. BEESWAX— 27%@20c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14.
Flour, qr sks... 20,e47|Hay. tons 32B
Wheat, ctls 1.490 Straw, tons 15
Barley, ctls 6.400;Hops. bales - 8»
£&$«. ctls 543i Pelts, bdls 150
Tallow, ctls 234 ' Hides No 421
Sugar, ctls 708iBrandy. gals " S.05O
Beans, sks JMiOiWine, gals 03.30O
Potatoes, sks... TZSiLeather. rolls... ert
Onions, sks 127 i Quicksilver, flks 3
Middlings, sks.. 500 Chicory, bbls... 10
Bran, sks 760 Lime, bbla 182
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks ¦ are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats.' $5; Hominy.
S4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4® 1 25; Cracked
Wheat, S3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@
8 35; in sacks, $6 5008; Pearl- Barley, $5;
Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family . Extras, $3 50@
3 75, usual terms ; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75#3 per barrel for family and $3 fit
3 35 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $3@3 35.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal 'Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, 88c. December— 6000, 80%c; 2000, 80%c.
Second Session— May— 20,000 ctls, 87%c; 10,
000,88c. /
. Regular Morning .Session — December — 6000
ctls, 81%c. . -\
Afternoon Session — February — 2000 ' - ctls,
91%c; 2000, 91%c. May— 2000, 88 %c. December
—8000, SHic - .
OATS — There was better local buying yester
day at firm but unchanged prices.
Grays SI 22%<s*l HO; whites. $1 25@1 42% ;
Surprise'. $1 40®l 45; black," $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and- $1 22%@1 32% -for seed; red.
$1'27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed. ' ; .
CORN — Chicago was lower, but reported a
little better cash demand at the decline. There
was no change whatever here.*
Large yellow, $1 37%<5-l 45; small round
do, $1 fO: white. $1 SO@1 40 per ctl.
RYE— -Quoted at 85©90c per ctl. ¦ - - '
§ BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
• Feed, 95c for choice bright. 02%@«3%c for
No 1 and 90c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades. 07 %c@$l; Chevalier, 95c@$l 20
per cental. - - ' ; •
BARLEY — The copious rains naturally gave
the' market an easier appearance, but the sta
tistical position of the market is one of
strength, as frequently mentioned of late, and
there was no decline. Local buyers, however,
held off, aa they always do when it rains. Fu
tures were lower. . ¦-
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, $1 10; 4000, $1 09%. December — 4000,
$1 10.
Second Session — May— -6000 ctls, $1 00%; 2000.
$1C9%; 2000, $110; 6000, $l'10%; 18,000.
SI 10%; 2000, $1 10%; 2000. $1 10%. December—
4000, $1 10%; 10,000, $1 10%; 42,000. $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 12,000 ctls, %X 10%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
In this market futures -were unsteady, and
fluctuating, owing largely to the rain, with
active trading. ..Shipping quotations remained
"spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%; milling. $1 10
(3*1 12% Per ctl. . ,-
Chicago opened dull and easier on different
cables and general snow in the' Southwest, and
the buyers of Thursday were sellers, though
there was a better cash business at the decline.
Considerable long wheat came out around 78%c.
There was more. inquiry for export and forty
five loads ' were worked, principally for Ger
many. Exports of wheat and ' flour from sea
board ports for the week were 3,175,841 bush
els. ¦ - . ', . -.
' WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. A London I dispatch said that rains
in the Argentine during the week had been well
distributed and ' that the condition of corn had
materially improved. * .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
3"urtka 33 ../.. 32.57
tted Bluff 92 16.90 18.83
Sacramento K> 8.81 13.80
Pan Francisco 58 9.671 14.70
Fresno Trace 2.7S 9.31
Independence 00 1.3© 5.47
fan Luis Oblfpo Trace 6.38 26.33
Los Angeles 00 4.21 13.59
B»a Diego .00 2.46 8.55
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
C7: minimum, 50; mean. 34.
The Icllowing maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 34-2T | Washington 26-14
Cincinnati 26-RK)maha _ 26-16
PhilaCtlphia 30-2Sl.Ouluth ...22-12
New York XO-!>- 1 Chicago ..., 28-18
Kansas City 2S-2?|<t. Louis 34-24
Jacksonville . . . ..«2-:a I salt Lake City... 40-30
Sterling Exchange. 60 days..... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — • " 4 88
Sterlinp Cables — 4 S»
New York Exchange, sight — ; 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — . " 65?j
Mexican Dollars,, nominal...... 45 Q . 45%
Exchange and. Bullion.
*- — — — r— - — — — : *
The following table, . compiled by Bradstreet.
shows the bank clearings 'at the principal cit
ies for the week ended February 13. with the
percentage of Increase : and decrease, as com
pared with the corresponding week last year:
. ¦ . Percentage.
Cities — ¦ Amount. Ina Deo.
New York .".$l,219,870,ll« - 12.9
Chicago 141,487,145" 15.6
Boston 154,953,870 .8 ....
Philadelphia 87,205,208 9.2 ....
St Louie 47.655.207 16.2
Pittsburg 31,261,467 .... 14.0
Baltimore 21.620.0S3 3.5 ....
San Francisco.... 22,025,382 .... 4.1
Cincinnati 18,257,S0O .... ....
Kansas City .... 10,004,638 38.1 ....
Cleveland 11,570,320 ...-. 17.7
Minneapolis 9,920,290 15,6 ....
New Orleans .... 13,272,844 17.5 ....
Detroit ..: 10,115,573 20.1 ....
Louisville 9,735,009 4.3 ....
Indianapolis ..... 10,247,436 34.7
Providence .... 6,403,800 .... • 2.3
Omaha 6.222,147 6.1
Milwaukee 7,295,308 16.7 ¦ ....
Buffalo... 4,820,229 ....
St. Paul 4,170,022 ¦.... 9.3
St. Joseph 4,767,257 28.9 ....
Denver 4,356,117 2.0
Richmond 4,/00S,722 14.0
Savannah 3,172,951 28.4
Salt Lake City... 3.318.021 11.7 ....
Albany 2.C04.872 .... 4.0
Los Angeles 4,743,202 62.9 ;...
Memphis 3.189,901 8.7
Fort Worth 2.521..150 ...-. 4.3
Seattle : 2,306,582 12.1 ....
Washington 3.407,509 12.3 ....
Hartford 2,315,050 6.1
Peoria 2,681.141 40. 0 v ....
Toledo 3,148,100 57.3 ....
Portland. Or. ..... 2.G1S.692 30.0
Rochester 2,065,952 11.2 ....
Atlanta 2.728,407 17.8 -....-
Des Molnes 1.570,501 14.7 ....
New Haven 1.492.319 3.7 ....
Worcester 1.723.292 22.4 ....
Nashville 1.S19.04S 11.4
Springfield, Mass. 1.388. Kti ¦
Norfolk 1,621,581 24.9 ....
Grand Rapids 1.S39.724 10.3
Scranton 1,207,138 1.0
Portland. Me - 1.3S7.44(' 20.1
Sioux City .. . 1,6OO,3SS 34.9 I...
Augusta.. 1.226,«5<*> 23.8
Syracuse 1.304,159 33.4 ....
Dayton. Ohio 1.392.776 38.0
Tacoma 978,383 8.3
Spokane 1,210,706 40.3
Topeka 1,356.825 . 20.0
Davenport ....:.. 893.S30 17.0 .../
Wilmington. Del.. 971.614 13.0
Evansvllle 856.363 "5.7 ¦
Birmingham 959.046 ..:. ' 4.1
Fall River l,0o/.V15 31.5 * ....
Macon . fVM.OOO ' 10. t ....
Little Rock ..... • .750,615 14.6 ....
Helena •50«,05S .... • 44.1
Knoxville 701,004 38.7 ....
Lowell 600.585 18.5 ....
Akron 572.000 .... -.3.2
Wichita 742,427- 29.0
Springfield. IIL . . . 423.319 16.0
Lexington 53S.S87 "2.7
New Bedford ....' - 480,824 .... 8.5
Chattanooga 4S8.0S8 2.7-
Youngstown ..... 541,364 69.0 ....
Kalamazoo 468,392 51.9 ....
Fargo 296,803 .... 14.2'
Binghamton ..... 2S9.300 12.1
Rockford '379.798 7.0 .... .
Canton '390.600 23.7 ....
Jacksonville, Fla. 422,135 31.8 ....
Springfield. Ohio.. 392,304 21.7 ....
Chester 258,081 ....
Qulncy ...: 347,505 • ....
Bloomlngton 287, 4R5 2.2 ....
Sioux Falls ...... 204,895 18.6 .
Jacksonville, III.. 144,870 6.6 ..._
Fremont -156,fi3fl 45.7 ....
tHoueton 11.895.070 52.2
tGalveston 8.049,000 .... 2.2
tCoIumbus, Ohio.. 7,812.700 23.2 . ....
?Wheeling ....;.. C61.039 -
•Wilkesbarre '". ... 602,066
•Beaumont; 428,861. ..:
Totals TJ.S..$1.02S.n2l.«02 - 1.4
Outside N. Y. 709,550,546 • 6.2 ....
CANADA.
Montreal ..*. $18,465,255 40.8 .;..
Toronto ...... 13,045.013 23.2
Winnipeg 2,635,769 29.4 :...
Halifax ...: 1,629.816 . 21.5 .:..
Vancouver. B. C. 783.546 24.8 ....
Hamilton 741,875 .6 ... .
St. John, N. B... 692,027 .... 6.4
Victoria. B. C... 473,343 .... .6
•Quebec ¦ 1.034,087 ....
Ottawa 1,600,073:
Totals. Canada $38,366,545 30.2 ....
tNot Included in totals becauee containing
other items than clearings. 'Not- included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
#_ — : — : — — - — ¦•;• ;»
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. ' "
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 0%@
12%c -- ¦-. ¦ •.
PEA.CHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, • 7%©
9%c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10,450 bushels; spot,
easy. 4 No. 2 red, 88%c f. o. b. afloat;, No. 2
red. 00%c j elevator; No. 1 Northern' Duluth.
S6c f. 0/ b." afloat ; ( No., 1 hard , Manitoba, 88%c
f . o.' b. afloat/ j More snow through the South
west occasioned a rather sharp decline in wheat
to-day, which even a fair export demand in' the
last hour failed to overcome-. Professionals were
free sellers at times and the only demand came
from shorts. , The market closed easy at%c net
decline. March -closed at 84%c; May, S4%@
84 5-16, .closed 84c; July, 83 11-16@84 3-16c,
closed 84%c. .
HOPS— Firm. '
HIDES— Dull. '
"WOOL— Firm.' Domestic fleece. 260:28c.
COFFEE— SpofRio, . -dull. No. 7 Invoice.
7%c; mild,, quiet; Cordova, :8@12e.' Futures
closed net 5 points lower. • Sales, 25,250 bags,
including: March,- 5.35@5. 40c; May, 5.50e;
June, 6.60c; July, 5.70@5.75c; September, 5.00®
5.05c; October, 5.95@6c; November, Cc; Decem
ber, 6.05@6.15c. - .
SUGAR— Steady, 'Raw, steady. Fair refin
ing, ' 3 %c ; centrifugal, / 00 teBt, , 3 %c ; molasses
sugar, 2%c. , Refined, steady..
DRIED FRUITS.' .
NEW : YORK, Feb. 14.— A fairly firm and
active market prevails for evaporated apples,
prime meeting with good demand from export
ers. State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9@
9 %c; choice,- 9%@10c; fancy, 10% @llc. .
California dried fruits are generally . quiet
without feature. Apricots are- having a -fair
Jobblns attention. ¦"."• ¦ . ; .
¦ NEW YORK, Feb.; 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,322 barrels; exports; U606 barrels; steady In
face of the wheat break with a fair trade.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 75c®$l 25
for standards. $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 U0
for fancy; Seedlings. 75c@?l 50; Tangerines.
$1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets. |1@1 50; Malta
Blood Oranges, $125 per half box; Lemons,
50c@51 for common and $1@1 60 for good to
choice and $1 75@2 60 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
$l®-2; 'Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $2@2 00
per bunch for New Orleans and $2®2 60 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. ;
Two cars of New Orleans Bananas expected
yesterday were late and will probably arrive
to-day.
APPLES— $1 5C@2 25 per box for extra, tl@
1 50 for good to choice and 60@75c for ordinary.
PEARS — From cold storage, 75c@$2 50 per
box.
Strawberries continue to come in from Santa
Barbara and were sold yesterday at 30c per
basket. If these Berries were received in time
for- the morning trade they would probably
bring better prices. As it is they do not com*
to hand until late in the afternoon and have
to be carried over until the "following day.
Five cars of Navel Oranges were sold at
auction at the following prices: Fancy, $1 30
@2 65; good to choice^ 90c© §1 75; standards,
65c©$l 20. In the open market business was
dull, as the demand for shipment to Honolulu
is over and the wet weather put a damper on
the local trade. There i was a noticeable ' im
provement in the movement of Fancy Lemons,
but prices have' not advanced. Cheap grades
of Lemons continued slow. \
The steamer Pomona is at hand with 761 bxs
Apples for this market. * ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
reason, inA rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 14—5 p. m,
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The : stock market ' was \' irregulai-r -.' closing
above ' the ¦ opening. • Consols > are •' still » Inclined
to drag on 'rumors 'of a fresh loan to meet, the
NEW YORK,: Feb.' 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London . financial : cablegram says ; ¦
London Market.
LONDON. CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 94% Mo Kan & Tex... 25%
do for acct. .... 94% ao prefd ....... 64
Anaconda .....:.. 6% N. f; Central. .. ..lSS'/i
Atchison ..: .".'79% Norf & West... 59'i
fio prefd 100% do prefd 92%
Bait & Ohio ;.106% Ont AjWeetern... 35x?
Can Paclflc .....117% Southern Ry ..... 34%
Ches & Ohio .47% Uo prefd .;...-.." 98%
Chi Gt Western.. 23% Southern Pac ... 67-Ti
C M & St- Paul... 170% Union Pac ....... 105H
Den & R G ...45V do prefd e/> .
do prefd 95% U S Steel ........ 45%
Erie ...40% ' do prefd .. . 96*2
do 1st prefd i71% Wabaah ......... 23%
do 2d prefd 57% > do prefd .44%
'". •'•:-— '-1 1441< . Spanish 4s ..77%
L & Nash '..107%
Bar silver,' firmer, 25%d per ounce. Monev
2%62% percent .. . T'
.The rate of discount' In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent. / "
The rate of discount ¦ in the open market for
three months', bills is 2%@2% per cent.
Rand. 12%. , De Beers. 46%.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ~
Money— ;' v ; . . Westinghse Com.. 88'
Call loans. .....3 @4 Mining —
Time loans 3%fcf4% Adventure ....... 10%
Bonds— Allouez ..: .3
Atchison • 4s 102. Amalgamated 68%
Gas lsts 74 Baltic, tr ?,g-
Mex CentraJ 4s... 82 B|ngham 52%
N E Gas & Coke. 62 Calumet & Hecla.630
Railroads — Centennial ....... 13
Atchison 78 Copper Ransr» 68'
Do prefd 98 Dominion Coal. . 71 v
Boston St. Albany. 262 Franklin . iaii
Boston & Maine. 192^ Isle Royale . "" 2014
Boston Elevated.. 101 Mohawk ...... ¦ 32
N YN H & H..210 Old .'Dominion..'." 21%
Fltchburg prefd.. 145 Osceola ¦"..-. il
Union Pacific.. ...103% Parrot .;...:"."" 31
Mexican Central.. 28% Qulncy ........ '142
Miscellaneous— Santa, Fe Copper 3V«
American Sugar. .128% Tamarack .... 24-1
Do prefd... 119.- Trimountaln ...". 74
Amer Tel & Tel.. 1.18% Trinity 13
Dom Iron & Steel. S0% United. States.... ley*
General Electric. 290 Utah 23%
Mass Electric... 30 1* Victoria . " r ¦
Do prefd ... 94% Winona .. 114
N E Gas & Coke. 6% Wolverine 49
United Fruit..... 81 v, -
-
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 84% 84% 85
Illinois Central ... 1.600 141% 141 141%
Iowa Central S.700 48% *7% 48%
Iowa Central pfd.. 1.800 81% 80 81
Lake Erie & West 68
Lake E & W ptfl .... .135
Louis & Nash..... 4,200 105% 104% 105
Manhattan L 13.100 133% 131V* 132%
Metropolitan St Ry 13.200 171% 169% 170
Mex Central 2,500 28% 28% 28%
Mex National 1.600 16% 16% 16%
Minn & St Louis... 600 111 110% 110%
Mo Pacific 3,000 104>4 103% 104%
Mo Kan & Tex 200 25% 25% 25
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 800 54% ¦ 63% 54%
N J Central 600 194 194 193
N T Central 2,100 165 163% 164%
Norfolk & Western. 600 58 57 «• 57%
Norfolk & West pfd 100 91 91 90%
Ontario & West... 1,500 34% 34 341,8
Pennsylvania 11.800 151 150% 150%
Reading 24,700 . 5S% 57% 67%
Heading lEt pfd.... 2,800 83% 83% 83%
Reading 2d pfd.... 22,100 bSVs 67% «7%
St L & S F 100 62 02 62
St L & S F 1st pfd. 100 S3% 83% S3
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 74 73% 73%
St L Southwest 27
St L Southwest pfd 1.600 59% 59 69%
*=t Paul 14,800 16«% 165% '166 '
St Paupl pfd 100 191 191 190%
Southern Paclflc .. 48,700 67% 65% 66%
Southern Railway. 35,400 34U 33% 34
Southern Ry pfd.. 16,200 97 y, 96' 97
Tex & Pac 9,300 42% 41% 42
Tol St L & West.. 300 21% 21% 21
Tol St L & W pfd. 2.400 41% 41% 41%
Union Pacific 18.200 103% 103% 103%
Union Paclflc pfd.. S00 89% 83 »i 89%
a v as u :y 2 - 200 24^* ssh 23%
J\ abash pfd 4,300. 44% .43% 43%
Wheel A L Erie.. 400 19% 19 19
W & L E 2d pfd.. -200 30% 30 , 30%
Wisconsin Central. 400 20% 20% 20%
Wis Cent pfd 300 ' 40% 40% 40%
Express Comrmnies — ~\
Adams 200
American ;-;- # 236
United States .... '. . ;"* 117%
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 42,200 69% 67% 68%
Am Car & Foundry - 700 29% 29 29'
Am Car & Fdy pfd 1,000 88% 88% 88%
Am bmelt & Ref... 1,200 47% 46% 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 200 ' 98 98- 08
Anaconda Min Co. . SOO 32% 32% S2%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 23,900 63% 60'i 62%
Colo Fuel & Iron '*.... 86%
Consolidated Gas... 1.300 221% 221* 221^.
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 100 116% 116»i 117 '"
General Electric... 600 202% 201 4 °90
Glucose Sugar 2.000 45 43' 43%
Hocking Coal 500 18 17% 17%
Internatnl Paper... 200 20 20 ' 19%
Internl Paper pfd.. 100 75% 75% 75%
Internatnl Power.. ..." 86
Laclede Gas 200 91 00% 90%
National Biscuit... 900 47 46% 46>4
National Lead .- J714
National Salt ; ' " " 23
National Salt pfd ..'. '-";';] eh
I North American... 92
, Vscitie Coast t • . . . • " " ' 73
Pacific Mail ........ 200 45% 45% 45K
l£ople's Gas.ex div. 1,300 100% 100 100 "
Hressed Stee! Car. .200 40% 40 40
'£^f Sed -1, Car Pfd " •" •• 83%
ralman Pa! Car.,. 100 221 221 ¦ '20
Republic Steel .... 2.S00 16% 1CU ~16%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,000 09% 69 69»i
f** 3 *^--; 2 *' 3 <>0 120% 126% 128%
Tenn Ctai & Iron.. 7.000 66% 65% 65%
InionBagiPCo. 300 1414 14% 14.'
tTnl-jn BAP Co pfd. 200 77 7?,^ 76
}¦ S- Leather. ...... 1.400 11% u% 11%
US Leather pfd... 100 81% Slit 81%
U S Rubber WO 14 14 iiy
US Rubber pfd... -100 Rl% 51U 51
}l | Steel 23.100 J>4% 93% 94
Ij S Steel pfd 12,500 44% 43% *4
\\>storn Union 700 91% ni 91
Am I^ocomotive 1.400 31V, 31 ti ai.v.
Am Locomot pfd.. 1,900 93 02% 02%
Total sales 651.000 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
u S ref 2s reg...lO8% Lr & x unl 4s 101%
Do ref 2s coup.108% Mexican Cent 4s. S2^
Do .,! reg 108% Do • 1st inc.. 31il
Do 3s coupon.. 105% Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s reg.l33U M K & T 4s..... 05
Do new 4s coup.ia9% Do 2ds.. 82
Do old 4s reg..H2 NY C lsts. .
Do o.d 4s coup. 112 Do gen 3%s 108
£0 5* reg 106 N J C gen 5s.. 137%
a/^?. 6b coupon. .100 x Pacific 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 104 K, Do 8s 74 \L
Do adj 4s 93% N &-W con 4s. ¦.'.¦.103%
Bait & O -Js. 104 Reading «n 4s.. 09
£0 3VJS 06U StL& I Mcon 6s.ll7
Do conv 4o .108% St L & S F 4s. 97%
Canada So 2ds. ..110% St L Swstrn lsts. 98%
Central of Ga 5s. Ill Do 2ds.. ; 7914
¦Do lst.Jnc 70 's,A & A P 4s ." 02
Ches& O'4% S ....109% R Paclflc 4s.:... 95
Chicas & A 3%s. 84 S Railway 5s.... 120%
C B & Q new 4s. m% Tex & Pac l 8 ts..l20i4
C M & St P_g 43.114_ Tol St L & TV 4s. 85%
i C & N con 7s....l3«% U Pacific 4s..... .106%
C R I & P 4s. ...110% Do conv 4s. ....10*5%
Cj C C & StL g 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts.. llS%
Chicago Term 4s. S« Do 2ds. Ill 2
coio & go 4s..... a* do deb b.:;;;: "1%
Denv & R G 4s. .102 West Shore 4a.. .112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 0S% TV & L E 4s. .. 93U
Do pen 4s 8S% Wise Cent 4s.... R8i|
F WiA DC lsts.110% Con Tobacco 4s... 65%
Hocking Val 4%s. 109
NEW YORK MINING' STOCKS.
Adams Con 20. Little Chier. . .'. .. 12
Alice 45,Ontario ...........6 60
Brcece 65 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con 00 Phoenix 04
Oomstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi --> 14
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage '.'.'.'"' 08
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra. Nevada • 12
Horn Silver 1 *0 Small Hopes...." 30
Iron Silver. <Hi Standard ...3 10
Leadville Con 05 - - •
therxnore it would not surprise the writer if
the "Newcastle collieries would make a reduc
tion in price specially for San Francisco.
OIL — California* Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
76c: raw. 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 6-4c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c; cases. 00c;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in. barrels, 37%c: cases, 42%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
53%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c; Extra' Star. 24c: Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20%c; 88-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
cases, 26% c. ¦ •
TURPENTINE— «7c per gallon tn case* and
61c in drums and iron barrels. ¦
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed - and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Eztra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c: barrels. 10c
more; half- barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domincs,
half-barrels, 6.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
Butter Is higher, in spite of larger receipts,
as there is now a lively demand for both local
and northern shipping -account, and stocks are
very, light. In "fact, .there is not much Butter
here. The demand is chiefly for the medium
grades, or to be more specific, for first-class
goods at second-class prices, if the buyers can
persuade sellers to sell that way. The exhaus
tion of packed goods has led to a largely in
creased'call for dairy and other second grade
descriptions, and the market is stiff at the
advance. '
Eggs are. easy in spite of the shipping and
Lenten demand, as receipts have been much
larger during the past several days. The north
would be liberal buyers in this market if they
could get a concession of a cent or two, and
even as it is they are taking hold of the mar
ket very well.
Receipts were 45,200 pounds, 15 tubs and
1 bbl of "Butter, pounds • of Eastern
Butter. 1401 cases of Eggs. cases of East
ern Eggs. 8250 pounds of California Cheese.
pounds of Oregon Cheese and pounds
of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery', 28%®29c per lb for
fancy, 27%@2Sc for firsts and -26®27c for sec
onds; dairy, 17%@27%e; store Butter, 14@18c
per lb. '¦ ¦ •-• • ¦ • •
CHEESE — New. 11 %c; old, 10@llc; Young
America, 12@13c: Eastern, 13®15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 21c for selected large and 193
20c for good to choice; store, 10c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat unsettled. Barley futures lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. .
Trading in Hay checked by the rain. ~ Feedstuff s easy.
No further, variation Hn Beans. .
Butter cleaned up, higher and very firm.
Eggs easy tinder increasing receipts. Cheese steady.
Evaporated Apples very firm, with small supplies.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat quotations as before.
House Coals firm and steam Coals weak.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables generally unchanged.
Poultry market in' good shape for sellers.
Fruit market quiet, owing largely to the rain.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
GAME— Kare. SI; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for' Brush; Gray Geese.
$3; White Geese .75c@$l ;' Brant. $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50; English Snipe. $3;
Jack Snipe. $l|50@2; Robins. $1 50 per dozen.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 17©20c: Live
Turkeys. 13@14c • for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2®2 25: Ducks. $5<ff5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4 50@5 30; young Roosters. $50
6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4 50@5 50;
Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and $3@4 for smjll:
Pigeons. $160; per dozen for old and $'1 ZZQ
2 75 for Sauabs.
Old Pigeons were- 'higher tand in , demand ¦ for
trap - shooting. ' Receipts ' of Dressed Turkeys
were 24 cases and the market cleaned up well
at good prices.
Receipts " of Game were 50 sacks and prices
remained. the same.
the ; san :erRANcisca^ February is, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Condition of, the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance, $174,498,734; gold, $87,336,557. -
' \ NEW TORK, Feb. 14.'— Money on " call was
steady at 2% ©2%- per cent;, prime. mercantile
paper, 4©4% per. cent; sterling exchange was
steady, with actual ; business < in bankers' bills
at $4 87@4 8-14 for demand .and $4 84%@
4 Si% for sixty days; posted rates, $1 85%
and $4 SS; commercial bills. $4 83T4@4 84%;
bar silver, 55%c; Mexican dollars, 43%c;
bonds — Government,' steady; State, strong;
railroad, irregular..
New York Money i Market.
The prospectus of the ¦'¦ Imperial • Tobacco
Company in opposition to the American com
bination, to be , published on Monday, -will
show a share capital of £15,000,000; of de
bentures. ;£l;500. 000. The public ' wlll"'be"of
fered £3,000,000 5% per cent - preferred :. stock
and £1,000,000 debentures.*,; The -/'¦ prospectus
Fhows average profits; of ; fcl,000,000.\ The
twenty-five directors are all practical' men.- <
Copper dipped, but recovered to £54% I and
Rio Tintos closed at £45% : after touching
£46%. Grand Trunk was flat on the dis
appointing dividend. > -'-./: - ¦
expenses of the Boer war. Tho reported in
disposition of the Austrian Emperor was an
other" disquieting: Influence. •
American shares opened at above parity, but
business was slack on - New - York' s opening.
Prices sagged with: Erie leading in the down
ward movement. r The market dislikes' the
fresh break in Amalgamated Copper and the
January decrease in American exports.
10
o g g o
3 2£ »5 33
3 SgE3 sS
stations. ~ : i : I : §
m ¦
•1
I
I
A:
Ei
Ci
Ei
n
f:
r.
Ir.
I.'
l'l
r<
n<
n-
£3
e.
Bj
>".
v.
¦u-
Yi
storia 29.74 52 42 S
laker 30.12 iiS 36 STV
arson 2».0S 52 20 EW
iur^-ka ».«2 <W 48 S .
resn.i .-J0.10 OS 34 SE
lEfTEtall 30.10" 4S 18 SW
ocatello. lda.30.12 4S K SE
r.depcr.dence 30.04 5S 30 SE
,os Angeles.. 30. 14 «"4 44 W
'hoenis: 30. (Kt T4 42 W
ort]a:;d . 29. S2 S2 42 S
ted Bluff 30.04 54 40 SE
:c*eburg 20.80 68 42 SE
acramento . .SO. (Hi 5% 40 SE
aJt Lake 30.10 44 30 SE
an Franclsco.30.06 5S r>0 SE
. L. ObiEpo..30.18 06 38 S
an Diego 30.14 C2 40 XW
eattlc 21). 78 50 ns HE
rokar.e 2^.04 40 30 SE
cell Bay 2D.ti2 44 42 E
I'alia Walla. .29. 02 49 32 S
i'inn«-mueca .29.08 54 16 W
uma 30.00 78 3S SW*
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Ooudy
Cloudy
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
.40
.04
T.
.33
T.
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.10
.92
.22
!l6
T.
.58
T.
.00
.1(5
.08
.47
.03
T.
.00
o g g o
3 2£ »5 33
3 SgE3 sS
stations. ~ : i : I : §
m ¦
•1
I
I
A:
Ei
Ci
Ei
n
f:
r.
Ir.
I.'
l'l
r<
n<
n-
£3
e.
Bj
>".
v.
¦u-
Yi
storia 29.74 52 42 S
laker 30.12 iiS 36 STV
arson 2».0S 52 20 EW
iur^-ka ».«2 <W 48 S .
resn.i .-J0.10 OS 34 SE
lEfTEtall 30.10" 4S 18 SW
ocatello. lda.30.12 4S K SE
r.depcr.dence 30.04 5S 30 SE
,os Angeles.. 30. 14 «"4 44 W
'hoenis: 30. (Kt T4 42 W
ort]a:;d . 29. S2 S2 42 S
ted Bluff 30.04 54 40 SE
:c*eburg 20.80 68 42 SE
acramento . .SO. (Hi 5% 40 SE
aJt Lake 30.10 44 30 SE
an Franclsco.30.06 5S r>0 SE
. L. ObiEpo..30.18 06 38 S
an Diego 30.14 C2 40 XW
eattlc 21). 78 50 ns HE
rokar.e 2^.04 40 30 SE
cell Bay 2D.ti2 44 42 E
I'alia Walla. .29. 02 49 32 S
i'inn«-mueca .29.08 54 16 W
uma 30.00 78 3S SW*
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Ooudy
Cloudy
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Rain
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
.40
.04
T.
.33
T.
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.10
.92
.22
!l6
T.
.58
T.
.00
.1(5
.08
.47
.03
T.
.00
AUCTIOLJA^
fe GRAND AUGlToN SALE fe
_ — OF-^
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
AND CHOICE
THOROUGHBRED STALLIONS.
BY ORDER OF
J. W. Schorr, A. B. Spreckels. Burlingam*
Stock Farm, S. McNaUghton. Chinn & For-
sythe, D. McCarthy, consisting of the '° n °^°f :
Joe Frey (California Derby winner. $3000),
Esternell, Greenock - (stake winner). Ordnung.
Commissioner Forster. John Peters. Triaditza
(stake winner), Ishtar. Finch (great hurdle
Jumper). Clarinette; Saul of Tarsus (a very con-
sistent racehorse). Montoya, Rosalbra, Flash-
light (stake winner). Trappean, Puryear D
(stake winner), Pegalong. Breton, etc.
Sale Will Take Place
MONDAY FEBRUARY 17H. 19C3
Commencing at 7:45 P. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard St.. Near Third.
. Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.' v Rev. M.' P., Smith, C. S. P.. will preach
the course • of . sermons at :St. Mary's
Church " (Paullst) at ' the 11 o'clock mass
during the Sundays of .Lent.: The subject
of his sermon; for to-morrow will be "In
differen'ce/*ja^««^Hj^4UjffiE8SSKfS«Mi$
Lenten Services at St. Mary's.
Joseph Cuppers, keeper . . of a sailor
boarding-house, was ; arrested ' yesterday
by United : States Marshal Shine for de
taining for an alleged", board . bill, the"
clothing. of a sailor. named Charles Han
sen. ' - ¦ ¦ ..•.¦¦.¦¦.:: ¦¦_:;¦: ¦ ¦ ;.
Boarding-House Keeper Arrested.
. LOS ANGELES, Feb. 14.— A serious
blow, was given to-day by a Police Court
jury to the ordinance adopted on May IS
of last year prohibiting: the conducting
of places where poker . is . played for
money, checks, chips, credits or other
representatives of value. H. Davis, on
trial f or ~ misdemeanor in Police Judge
Austin's court, was acquitted.:
Jury Upsets Anti-Poker Law.
V. "A combined effort • will • be made' by the
directors and trustees of the Young Men's
Christian : : Association to 5 cancel the in
debtedness on its .building. A^ special
meetlng;was held yesterday by the com
mittee on the « "Building" Canvass" and
plans- were;' discussed -with -that * end In
view. . . Delegates \ who \ attended . the • gen
eral •- convention" at' Pasadena -were pres
ent and; told of. the being made by
,the ! association toward helping ¦ the. youth
of | the I n 1 1 I iP n 'I f i ii 'litJrlilHMWll'lJPIB HllMii'lllilll
Trying to Raise Indebtedness.
' Major General Young 'returned from
Washington,: D. C; yesterday. He ex
pects to take up the duties, of his position
as ¦ president of the * new -¦ war.- college at
Washington at an early date, so his stay
in. this city will probably. be brief.
General Young Returns.
.California Parlor of the. Native Sons of
the , Golden ; gave" a ; "ladles' night"
in , M ative Sons' building Thursday/ There
was , a ' large attendance of members \ and
their ' friends; who enjoyed the following
programme: Vocal . solo, ¦: Miss ¦ Jon«s; in
strumental' solorE. A., Jaujou;. recitation,
Ed *oorrlsey; monologue, M. Baker; piano
solo,'- Mrs. .Isidore Jacobs; recitation, : g.'
E. Harrison; > specialties.- Lloyd Spencer
and < E. , J.'T Lambert; baton : swinging, . Cal
vln • Dix, . and '¦ recitation, ; J. E. Bowen. - J.
"P. Unehan, past president.. was presented
by E. Myron^Wolf,!on behalf of the, par-,
lor, ;wlth: a -past president's badge; set
with diamonds. , ;u ., . ; ¦ "
{ -, California »• Parlor proposes to • give an
entertainment 'every month.- -
California's Indies' Night.
Chief Food Inspector Robertson report
ed to the Health Board , y.esterday that
his deputies- dumped 321 gallons of adul
terated milk on Thursday night. In all
fifty-five wagons were inspected and one
arrest was made, that" of. John Kelleger
of Kelleger Bros.
Condemn . Adulterated Milk.
Petitions In insolvency, were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: A. A." Lindstrom, Hauor mer
chant, Oakland.' liabilities $240150. assets
$40O;:H.-W. Nicholson, farmer. Lakeville,
Sonoma County, 1 liabilities $18,268 82, - as
sets $1100. ' :..-* ¦¦ - .'-".: ¦- . ¦ ..
Petitions in Insolvency.
* Passenger Traffic Manager : E. O. . Mc-
Cormick of the SouthernPaciflc sent word
to this city yesterday, that, he had made
application to Chairman' Charleton of . the
Transcontinental Passenger Association
that the colonist rates may go into" effect
the first of .next month.' ' . ¦ ¦¦
The rates that Passenger .Traffic Mana
ger McCormlck makes are 525 from the
Missouri River,' $33 from Chicago' and $30
from St. -Louis. These rates are half the
present ' fare. ¦ '. •' ' . . ; : - ;
The colonist rate" : was a great " success
last year. ' Tickets ' were sold from ¦ the
Eastern ticket offices every Tuesday, • and
there were over 11,000 travelers who ¦ took
advantage of. this rate.
Charles Josselyn,; who went to Paris a
year • ago . for : diversion, . has returned to
San- Francisco - with: his ;'family.*' ¦ He
voted . much' of his leisure time abroad to
the ¦ compilation of Napoleonic histories
and sketches. A new book on Napoleon,
illustrated in the highest style of art, will
soon come from the press of a' well-known
publishing house. » Josselyn submitted his
manuscript to eminent readers and was
advised to publish the volume. .; • . -
Charles Josselyn. Returns to City.
McCORMICK APPLIES . : ,! "
FOR COLONISTS' RATES
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 14.— William - Hu
ber, 23 years old, who pleaded guilty yes
terday to an attack upon 6-year-old Annie
Jensen, was sentenced by. Judge Hart to
day to life imprisonment In Folsom. Judge
Hart said he regretted he could not sen
tence Huber, to death.
Life Imprisonment for Huber.
9 On January 27 a man fell from his chair,
while eating [ lunch in a Japanese restau
rant at ; 624 r Clay I street and expired al
most immediately. ; The body. was removed
to the Morgue, kep£ there the: usual time
for - identification and • then buried as an
unknown. Yesterday the .watch and chain
and other, effects of j the dead man were
identified at jthe Coroner's office by Wil
liam B.-Kregh; as- those' of William A.
Harrison, a carpenter. ..who- resided at the
Capital House. He. had employed Harri
son; he said, for thirty ryears. as a carpen
ter. , Harrison »was unmarried and went
on a spree a few days 'before his death.
Death was due to. heart 1 disease. - < •
Dies Suddenly While Eating in
, ; a Japanese Restaurant. .
William A. Harrison, a Carpenter,
Those caught in the. drag net were W.
P. Keenan, Louis Wintjens, Julian Nicho
las, Ed Salomon, Michael Shaw and Peter
Douglas. The six men were sent to police
headquarters and locked up after their
names were entered on the "small book."
The men are suspected of being- concerned
in a number of robberies that have taken
place recently' and charges will be placed
against them to-day. ,
Six notorious opium fiends and petty
larceny thieves were arrested last night
by police officers and detectives in a raid
on the den known as the Baltimore
House, on the corner of Bush and Du
pont streets.
Detectives Harper, Armstrong, Dinan
and Wren, with Police Officers Peters and
Douglass, comprised - the raiding- 1 party,
and every avenue of escape was carefully
guarded when the signal to enter the re
sort of the opium fiends was given. -
LONDON, Feb. 14:— Sir Archibald Mil
man, formerly Clerk of the House of Com
mons, died to»day. ¦ He had been- In • the
service of the House from 1S57 until re
cently. , - ¦-¦ ' ¦¦¦¦'• -¦¦ ¦ ¦; ¦
Sir Archibald Milman.
Captain '¦¦ Seymour received a dispatch
from Policeman P. Sullivan .yesterday
iiiorning in - which Sullivan said .he left
Prescott,' Ariz., yesterday with Edward
Furey. for this city. Furey was a special
officer for the Risdon Iron Works during
tho lecent strike, and" on August 21 was
arrested' for: assault to murder for shoot-
In % at Peter • Callahan, . a marine fireman.
He was held to answer by Judge Conlan
ou | November : 30 and gave $500 cash ¦ ball
for his aiyiearance. '.When ,the case ; was
called in Judge Dunne's court, Furey did
not make his appearance, and a few days
ago lie we ii arrested in Prescott. -
Furey Being Brought Back.
Preparations are already being, made
for the celebration ot St* Patrick's day.
At a meeting of the. committee having in
charge the arrangements for the celebra
tion, it was decided to hold it in the
afternoon and . evening; at Woodward's
Pavilion. The committee ' on programme
reported that it had partially: arranged
for ' suitable exercises for the-. afternoon
and evening. The printing committee
was Instructed to have the tickets for. the
celebration ready for- sale as "soon : as
possible. . . , . • .
St. Patrick's Day Celebration.
MAN REPORTED MISSING •
.IS BURIED- BY THE CITY
POLICE OFFICERS ARREST
NUMBER OF OPIUM FIENDS
CFarrell street, wrote a letter to hii
eweetheart on St. Valentine's eve. laid it
on the dresser, put one end of a piece of
tubing in his mouth, turned on the gas,
¦tfrew the bed clothes over his head and
bade farewell to love and life.
His dead body was discovered yester
day morning in the Brunswick House, 148
Sixth street. ¦ The note was addressed to
Miss Hattie Beck, 519 Natoma street, and
reads as follows:
My Dear Hattie: From now on you are
free. That's all I can tell you, my dear. I
may sec you in the other world. Your loving
JOE KAHN.
Kahn engaged a cheap room In' the
Brunswick la?t Thursday night at 10
o'clock. In the morning there was a
strong odor of illuminating gas In the
hall and it was traced to Kahn's room.
Two physicians were called, but » Kahn
was bevond their power to help, and
bte body was taken to the Morgue.
Baker Kahn Hopes to See Miss Hattis
Beck in the Other
Joseph K«hn, a baker, residing at 1434
RENO, Nev., Feb. 14.-John R. Bradley,
one of the best-known cattlemen of Ne
vada, died of apoplexy at the home- of his
son-in-law. Jay. Clemmons,' this morning.
He formerly had large. cattle interests in
Eastern Nevada..' -. '^;-'":
John B. Bradley.
WRITES TO HIS LOVE
AND TURNS ON THE GAS
MILWAUKEE. Feb.- 14.— Mrs. Alexan
der Mitchell, wldow^ of Alexander-Mitch
ell, late first vice president of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad,
and mother of former United States Sen
ator John L. Mitchell of Wisconsin, died
to-day at Villa Alexander, a suburb of
Jacksonville, Fla., aged 84 years.
Mrs. Alexander Mitchell.
The annual conference of Iroquois clubs
cf California will be held in the wigwam
of the local club, 909 .Market street, next
Saturday, February 22, beginning at 10
o'clock. The policies of the Democratic
party for the coming State campaign will
be outlined. The annual banquet will be
held at Delmonico's at 7 o'clock.
Fifty-three new members were elected
at the Iroquois Club meeting last night.
A resolution commending the seven Demo
cratic Supervisors who voted against the
opening- of the Ingleside track and by
implication condemning Braunhart for
voting for the Lynch ordinance was a
subject of heated debate. The resolution
was favorably reported by the resolu
tions committee, but a number of mem
bers, among them, numerous City Hall
employes, objected to immediate action,
pleading for postponement to give- the
Supervisor whom it was proposed to
censure a chance to be heard in his own
defense. That* element prevailed and the
resolution was postponed for two weeks.
BRAVES PREPARE FOR
ANlTUAIi CONFERENCE
SPRINGFIEIiD, 111., Feb. 14.— Dr. John
L#.- Million,* one' of the- most prominent
.physicians in this city, died to-day, aged
75 years. He was a surgeon In the Thirty-'
first' Illinois Infantry—General John A.'
Logan's regiment— during the Civil. War.
For thirty years he. was chief medical ex
aminer of the Ancient Order of ..United
Workmen and was a member of the. Board
of Pension "Examiners under Presidents
Cleveland and McKlnley. Death was
caused by a complication of heart and
kidney trouble' and pneumonia."^|^g(fit|g
Dr. John L. Million.
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of directors of the Merchants' As
sociation was held In Its rooms at the
Mills building " yesterday. Special com
mittees of six members each were ap
pointed to assist in preparing for the
conventions . of ; the Knights of Pythias
and the Mystic Shrine, which are to be
held In this city within' the : next few
months. It Is desired' to make San Fran
cisco more attractive than ever as a: con
vention city. •; ' ",,¦ ' ..
A resolution was adopted requesting
the Chief of Police to have the patrolmen
throughout the city exercise greater vigi
lance in preventing 1 rubbish from, being
swept into the streets.
On vote of the members of the asso
ciatipn the board elected a committee of
three, who as representatives of ,.the mer
cantile community will confer with a
central committee appointed .' to promote
•the scheme of establishing 1 a central bu
reau for Indorsement of the charities of
San Francisco. - • - x
Henry Eisenberg, Shanahan Florist
Company, W; T. Beck & Sons, Haskell &
Jones ' Company; Hagbplan & Co., A. H.
Greenberg and Robert Wallace were elect
ed, to membership in the organization. .
San Francisco More Attractive
in the Future.
Merchants' Association. Plans toKaks
The hearing of the petitions of-M. J.
White, ' secretary of the j Society, for the
Prevention of Cruelty -to- Children,-.- and-
Mrs. Catherine Biter, proprietress of the
Biter "baby farm" at San Rafael, was re
sumed in Department 9 of -the Superior
Court' 1 yesterday. The proceedings • were
enlivened by the presence in the court of
the nfteftn children who are quartered_on
the' "farm." All -the little ones testified
that they were well fed and well clothed
by the Biters, and that they were happy
and contented. - . - ,, • '¦ ¦'..¦¦¦
Christopher Becker; M. ¦ Morrowv and
George Ring, members of the Marin Coun
ty Grand Jury, which investigated the
"baby farm,", contradicted the stories of
the Biter ¦ wards, however. The Jury
men testified that when they visited the
place they found the little ones dressed in
rags, unclean and presenting an apear
ance of neglect. They said further that
they did not consider the home a fit place
for the young people, owing to the pres
ence on the premises of the brother ; of
Mr. Blter, v who, they said, is an Idiot:.
The testimony • of Nellie Allen, who t is
but 14 years of age, afforded the court
considerable amusement. When questioned
by the court about her sleeping apartment
she said: "I do not think that a very nice
question for a. man to ask a youn&,gjrl."
The case will be heard again next Friday.
Scribe Their Life at .Marin
County Farm.
I/ittle Ones Appearv in Court and De-
The Supervisors' - Finance Committee
met last night to consider overdrawn de
mands, amounting .to J2S00, on the fund
set aside for the maintenance of boys' in
the Boys' and j Girls' Aid Society. S. C.
Blgelow, trustee of the society, and M.
Lewis, superintendent, informed the com
mittee that many boys were recommitted
to the Institution that should be sent to
the reform. 1 schools. : Police Judges Ca
baniss and Fritz stated that they had no
power to send the boys to the reforma-
The committee agreed to recommend
two propositlon&-one to pay $10 monthly
for each. inmate, the society to accept alL
boys not to exceed sixty; the other to ap
prove all the bills so far incurred and to
pav $500- per month ''f or the rest of the
year, provided that the commitments per
month do not exceed seventy., The society
will decide what proposition It will - ac
cept. ¦ ¦ : ¦
The committee approved a demand for
the return ¦ of . protested taxes amounting
to.. .$372 92 : to Albert Rosenbaum. The
money ; represents ¦ the taxes paid for the
sinking and interest funds on | bonds de
clared invalid by the .Suprome Court. .
The demand of $450 in favor of Matthew
O'Brien for drawing .-plans 'for the new
subpolice station was • allowed.-
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
Agrees to Pay Overdrafts on Fund
for Maintenance of Inmates.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 14.— Dr. Thomas
Neal S Penrose, medical • director, United
States navy, retired, died last night at
the United Stated Naval Hospital here of
heart and kidney trouble. He was 67
years of age. Dr. Penrose was born in
this city and ¦was - graduated from the
University of Pennsylvania. At the be
ginning of the Civil War he entered the
army as assistant surgeon and served
throughout the war. From 1872 to 1874 Dr.
Penrose was stationed at the naval hospi
tal here and In 1803 was in command of
the- naval hospital at Norfolk. - He was
retired in 1897. . ...•;.;./ •
Dr. Thomas Neal Penrose.
Duo, "Slavlsche Tanze No. 6". (Dvorak),
Miss Green and Miss Dresbacb; "Curious
Story" (Heller); "Fairy Tale" (Tschalkowsky),
Miss -Josephine Seaman; "Romance," Op. 44,
No. 5 (Kubinsteln), Miss Irma Dresbach; "Nor
wegian Bridal Procession" (Grieg). Miss Lydla
M. Greene; quartet, "La Regata Veneziana"
(Liszt) Miss Howell. MIbs Spieker. Miss Gowan
and Mies Barrett; "Fourth Mazurka" (Godard),
Mrs. F. A. Stevens; "Nocturne" (Chopin), Mre.
G. H. Varney; "Caprice Hongrolse" (Ketterer),
Miss Georgie Alice Spieker; duo, "Danee Ma
cabre" (Saint-Saens). Mrs. Varney and Miss
Gowan: "Tbe Two Larks" (Leechetizky), Miss
Edna Lucile Howell; ¦ "Polonaise," E major
(Liszt), Miss Elizabeth Gowan; quartet (one
piano) "Galop" (Lavignac). Miss Spieker, Miss
Howell, Mrs. Stevens and Mrs. Varney. - .'
A iarge attendance of the friends of the
performers attended • the piano recital
given by the pupils of Miss Mamie C.
Barrett of Sacramento at the residence
of Mrs. E. Gowan, 1325 Devlsadero street
The entertainment was a high artistic
success from a musical standpoint and
was much enjoyed by the many prominent
society people present. The programme
consisted of. twelve numbers, one of
which was rendered by the daughters of
the hostess. The programme follows:
PIANO BECITAL GIVEN
AT GO WAN RESIDENCE
BERKELEY. Feb. 14.— Fletcher.. B.
Wagner of Stanford won ; the
eighth annual debate for the
Carnot medal held here to-night
in Harmon Gymnasium between
the University of California and Stanford
University. The little group 'of half a
hundred rooters who. came up from Pah)
Alto through the rain went wild when
Wagner's name was pronounced as victor
and physical discomfort fled before the
joy of a well and hard earned victory. ''
Wagner's debate was clever. He pre
sented his arguments clearly and with
force and bis personal magnetism, held his
hearers. The debate was. close, for the
judges labored together nearly: _half. an
hour before the decision was made.
In spite of the rain that fell steadily
Harmon Gymnasium was crowded. Every
seat was occupied and the standing space
around the galleries filled. From the
known number of chairs in. the big build-
Ing it is estimated that over 2500 people
heard the debate. The front seats on the
north of the main floor were reserved for
the California rooters and opposite them
the Stanford supporters cheered. \. .-¦¦¦
Bantering: Precedes Debate.
The larger number of the former made
TO AID IN PREPARING
- FOB CITY CONVENTIONS
WABDS OF THE BITEBS
'.SAY THEY ABE HAPPY
their cheering and- singing far more
f ective - than Stanf prd>rt>ut - the . 'latter
had the last cheer; Good natured banter
ing preceded the debate. The; Stanford
men discovered, a burning oil stove on the
stage near one of the tables for the de-
J *'Is CS that oil stove to,, keep your feet
warm, Berkeley?" they shouted in uni-
B °"ifs on you/ side, Stanford. We
thought you'd need It," retorted Berke
ley! and like a flash the Stanford men
came back. "It's off side.".
The question under .discussion was,
"Resolved, That the . President of the
French Republic Should Be Elected by
the Direct Vote of the People." It ad
mitted of but few .arguments, for each
side brought out no more than three In
the. support of its contentions. Ths de
cision of the judges. was based on the in
formation on the subject, the skill In de
bate and delivery of the Individual and
not on the^merits of the sides. ¦- .
Herbert L. Rothchlld . of California
opened for the affirmative, outlining the
general policy of the French Government
and arguing that the proposed system
would develop political parties in 'France
—necessary adjuncts for the correction of
evils in parliamentary governments. His
PLANS BELIEF FOB BOYS* '
AND GIBLS* AID SOCIETY
F. H. Allen spoke for California on tha
negative, arguing that the French con
stitution would not warrant the. change.
L E. Martin, for California, closed for
the affirmative and Herbert C. Jones of
Stanford for the negative.
Professor 'Charles M. Gayley of Cali
fornia presided at the debate and the
judges were E. S. Fowler, F. H. Wheelan
and Samuel Knight.. .
The winner of the debate spoke on the
.affirmative. He" brought out that the
present form of election, that of tha leg*
lslatures choosing the President, is a com
promise with the old monarchical institu
tions and a: tyranny, as true as the mon
archy. The reform would be democratic
and It would give the executive power
that he would not be afraid to use. . The
French people have always survived re
forms and had learned the value and use
of the ballot. Wagner^s rebuttal was
short. .
E. W. Rice of Stanford spoke next on
the negative, basing his main argument
on the proposition that popular erections
would not fit into the existing political
economy of France. . ; -
Winner Speaks in Affirmative.
rebuttal weakened, rather than supported
his first argument.
.#_ . — -+
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; . 1118 Broadway, Feb. 14. :
Louis Ghlrardelll, one of the firm,- of
Ghirardelll & Co., manufacturers " of
chocalates. died at his residence, 1117-.^Pop
lar street, after a. brief Illness. ¦ He was in
good. health until Tuesday of thL$"week,.
when he took to his bed to cure himself
of what he thought was merely a touch
of rheumatism, \ but the direase turned
out to be nneuraonia In an -acute form,
and in spite of all efforts It soon exhaust
ed his. vitality.
Ghirardelli was a- native of Italy, 47
years old. He was a son of the late D.
Ghirardelll and was for years- associated
with his father in the manufacture of
chocolates. His brothers, Domingo and
Joseph, who are also members of the
firm, are well known in- Oakland. A
wife and five children survive the de
ceased.
The funeral will take place Sunday at
2 o'clock from the late residence.
<?TAKT5V>Tm STTIDFNT WHO WON THE CARNOT MEDAL . AT ' THE ANNUAL DEBATING CONTEST BETWEEN
CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITIES. HELD IN BERKELEY LAST
NIGHT.. AND TWO OTHER CONTESTANTS FROM PALO ALTO. ,.;:.^
THE DAY'S DEAD
"The Court Commissioner, having no
bond," said Snook to-day, "is In a posi
tion where he cannot be punished for
any wrong act. But as the law requires
That he shall give bonds we may take
steps to force him to furnish them.
Vv'e are not making any move at all to
circumvent the other side In the matter
of Daniels' arrest. If the Sheriff arrests
him then we will do something. "What
that will be I am not prepared to say."
If a subpena can be served on D. Ed
ward Collins, the plaintiff In the suit, his
deposition will be taken to-morrow morn-
Ing in Attorney William Lair Hill's office
before Notary Public Sarah M. Steele.
Attorney Snook directed to-day that Col
lins be served with a subpena ordering
him to appear. The defendants wanted
Collins to testify a week ago, but he went
off to Southern California before they
could serve him with a 6ubpena. Now
that he is back, however, there may be
r.o trouble in serving him.
The demurrer of Henry P. Dalton to
the Collins complaint, was to have been
heard this morning in Judge Ogden's
court, but as all the defendants had not
appeared in the matter the Judge said
he preferred that argument be deferred.
The attorneys consented to the proposal
end next Friday was set as the time
when the demurrers will be taken up
Attorney Snook, in behalf of the de
tense, has discovered that no penalty for
false arrest can be visited upon Court
Commissioner Babcock, because he has
not filed an official bond, although there
is a section of the code that requires that
every official shall file a bond when he
takes office. «
Hay Take Steps Against Commissioner
In the meantime the parties to the con
troversy will remain passive. In case the
pistrtct Attorney says the Sheriff Is safe
in arresting Daniels and the Sheriff ar
rests him, the defendant's attorney will
proceed to have him released on habeas
corpus proceedings heard in a regular
court of record.' Should the Sheriff de
cline to make the arrest on the advice of
the District Attorney, the attorneys for
the plaintiff will take tbe necessary steps
to force him to do so through mandamus
proceedings. In any case the disputed
.question will be taken before the Supreme
Court and decided there definitely.
Will Appeal to Supreme Court.
District Attorney Allen says that there
are two questions to be solved by him in
determining the legality of the duty im
posed upon the Sheriff. One of these is
the right of the Court Commissioner to
exercise judicial powers and the other the
lig-ht to issue a warrant for anybody's
arrest, even if he lias the judicial powers.
These points he will determine to-morrow
in time to submit an opinion so that the
Court Commissioner can act upon it when
he orders his court in session at 1 o'clock.
••This is a case where an arrest is made
in a willful manner," said the Sherilf,
"and the person making an arrest with
out legal authority puts himself and
bondemen in jeopardy. 1 don't care to
take any chances. 1 might make myself
liable for false imprisonment and becom
jielled to pay damages.
"The placing of the warrant with me
puts me in a peculiar position. Snook &
Church are the attorneys for Daniels in
this matter and they are my attorneys.
But that does not matter. I am going to
abide by he decision of the District At
torney."
Sheriff Rogers, on receipt of the war
rant, appealed to District Attorney Allen
for an opinion. The Sheriff said he would
not undertake to act on such a question
able case without having been first ad
vised-
Sheriff Is in a Quandary.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— Court Commis
sioner Babcock made an order to-day
commanding the Sheriff to arrest G. B.
Daniels, editor of the Oakland Enquirer,
for contempt of court. The order was
placed in the hands of Sheriff Rogers to
serve, but that officer refuses to act until
Ue has been officially advised by District
Attorney Allen that the proceeding is reg
ular and that the arrest can be made
without liability to himself or his bonds
men- 'Allen set himself to the task of
looking up the law on the questions in
volved, and as he was still searching at
the end of office hours, declared that it
would be some lime to-morrow before he
gives out his decision.
The proceeding was to have gone on
before the Court Commissioner this morn
ing at 10 o'clock, but at tuat hour Attor
ney Ach sent word that he was 111 ana
could not appear. Ach, however, sent the
warrant for Daniels' arrest, which he had
spent the night in preparing. The Court
commissioner took a couple of hours to
examine the papers to see If they were
correct ana then turned them over to
under Sheriff Harlow.
The order lor the arrest cf Daniels con
tains a review of. the proceedings leading
up to the judgment of contempt and re
quires the Sheriff to apprehend the de
lendant and retain him in his custody
until 1 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, when
he is to appear before the Court Commls
eioner and be visited with punishment.
The bonds are fixed at $500.
District Attorney Allen Is Asked to
Giv* an Opinion on the
Merits of the Con
troversy.
ENJOYS BUT A FEW
SECONDS OF FREEDOM"
Habeas Corpus "Writ Is
Beaxrested.
Witness Released From Prison on a
SAN JOSE, Feb. It.— Lawrence Yesces.
the principal witness against A. VT..
Brandt, who was brought back from
Stockton a few days ago to answer to a
charge of arson, was before Judge Lori
gan this afternoon on a writ of habeas
corpus by which he sought to obtain hla
release. For a couple of days Yesces has
been held a prisoner In the County Jail.
This morning Attorney B. A. Herrlngton
obtained a writ of habeas corpus return
able at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The at
torney alleged that the young man was
deprived of his liberty without a war
rant. Sheriff Langford produced a signed
statement from Yesces to the effect that
the prisoner had not employed Herring
ton to represent him and that the peti
tion was presented without his knowledge
or consent. Herrington, however, claim
ed that friends of the young man hai
employed him.
Judge Lorigan granted the writ on tha
ground that Yesces was held without duo
process, and ordered Yesces released. His
liberty was of but a few seconds* dura
tion, as Sheriff Langford at once arrested
him as a witness. Yesces' bond was placed
at $5000, in default of which he was re
turned to Jail.
Brandt also has been unable to supply
the- $5000 bail demanded In his case. The
complaint . against Brandt -was sworn to
by J. C. Arthur, the owner of a house on
Minnesota avenue, which Brandt is al
leged to have set on fire.
Slot Machines Are "Banking Games."
FRESNO. Feb. 14.— Judge Church in the
Superior Court to-day in the case of the
People vs. L. Samuels decided the Fresno
city ordinance against nickel-In- the-s lot
machines to be unconstitutional. He
holds that the machines constitute a
banking game and come under the State
law. On that account the city has no
power to legislate against them. The at
titude of the cigar men is as yet un
known. If they put the machines into
use they probably will be proceeded
against under the State law against
banking games.
Scouts Kill a' Deserter.
MANILA, Feb. 14.— The Fanay scouts,
under the command of Captain Walker,
in an engagement in the Island of Samar
recently captured seven rifles and numer
ous bolos, killed a number of Filipinos
and also killed the officer In command,
who -was a- notorious renegade named
"Winfrey, a deserter from the Forty-thinl
Regiment, whom the American troops had
for months been endeavoring to capture.
A man named Long, who deserted with
Winfrey,, is still operating with the Fili
pinos. ; •':*-
Fears Court Commissioner
May Have Exceeded His
Authority.
The speaker appealed for an Immediate
and searching Inquiry Into . the remount
scandal and commented generally upon
the Government's seeming want of pol
icy. In' Malta and Wei-hai-wei. In con
clusion he begged that his hearers would
not be too ready to allow their -hands to
be tied by the Anglo- Japanese alliance.
Regarding the war Lord Rosebery said
he had been ignorantly ridiculed for the
suggestion of "casual peace negotiations
in some wayside inn." but he thought the
innocent mission of Dr. Kuyper, the
Dutch Premier, bore a fairly close anal
ogy to such a course.
The speaker said he thought the reply
of Lord Lansdowne. the Under Secretary
for Foreign Affairs, to Dr. Kuyper was
fitting and dignified, but he thought the
Government had acted ¦wrongly In declin
ing to reckon with the Boer delegates in
Europe and allow them to send a deputa
tion to South Africa.
"The trouble with the Government,"
said Lord Rosebery, "is that they are
always thinking of the present. X try
to think of the future, ¦ when Boer and
Briton will have to live together In South
Africa." . ¦«.} .
I am not prepared at any tlm« or under any
circumstances to - grant them an independent
Parliament. No sane Derson would ever con
sent to handing over the destinies of Ireland,
situated in the very heart of the empire, to a
Parliament controlled by those who have ex
pressed the earnest wish that we might be
overthrown In battle. The Irish question is too
large for any one party. It will need the en
ergy and"- the patriotism of both. great parties
to deal therewith.. \ These are my personal sen
timents, but I wish to make them perfectly
clear on returning., to public life. . ' •
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 14.— Lord Roseberry
received a ' tremendous ovation at the
great 'f Liberal demonstration here this
evening. His lengthy speech, the princi
pal one of the evening, was attentively
received and heartily applauded. He
failed to throw any fresh light on the
war situation, but he strongly emphasized
his hostility to the Irish party and his
desire to utterlyialienate.it from the Lib
eral camp.
During, his remarks Lord Rosebery said
that the greatest change in heart and
head undergone during his five years' ab
sence from public life was In regard to
the Irish problem. Gladstone's bills were
dead and buried, though that statement
cast no reflection on the great statesman
wha originated them. The Irish party had
now indignantly repudiated any connec-,
tlon: with -the Liberal party,, and he be
lieved they had acted wisely. It was
both to their interests and to those of
the Liberal party. The Irish-leaders had
played their full hand. They, had de
manded an independent Parliament in
Dublin, and thereupon he had cried
"Halt!" . This remark was greeted '..with
applause. .Continuing 1 , Lord Rosebery said:
Some months ago Brockway came into
prominence by reporting- to the police that
he "and a '.woman .who*, were, at Ingleside
together had been robbed of jewelry to
the amount of $3000. The story created a
sensation at the time, and it is mooted
that there is a connection between the
Ingleside episode and the proceedings of
yesterday. * ~
Stone refused to say a word in expla
nation, of the mysterious proceedings and
also refused to give bis address; but last
evening he was located at 256 Turk street.
With profuse apologies Stone declined
to say anything for publication, or in ex
planation, but promises in a few days to
have something interesting to relate. In
the meantime the Sheriff is making a
vigorous effort to find the missing Brpck
way. If he Is discovered and brought
before the courts he will not be released
unless he finds bail to the sum of $3000.
That much Attorney Maguire admitted.
An indemnity bond of $500 was given by
the complainant's attorneys before the
action was taken.
When Mr. and Mrs. Stone entered the
lawyer's offices on the fourth floor of the
Parrott building they were in custody of
Deputy Sheriff Hollingsworth. When they
left the offices in the evening they were
free to return to their home.
Deputy Sheriff Holllngsworth during the
afternoon left the Stjnes in charge of
Deputy Sheriff Timothy J. Murpky while
he went In search of the missing Brock
way, and from information given, it was
thought he would soon have his man.
The nature of the examination held by
the attorneys for the plaintiff was not re
vealed, but it resulted in those gentlemen
releasing the Stones and a vigorous search
was at once instituted with a view of cap
turlag Brockway.
The mystery surrounding the whole pro
ceeding was enhanced when Attorney Ma
guire . and hfe colleague refused, with
many regrets, to account for the hearing
of the case in their private offices or to
say why the Stcnes were released." On
being asked for the plaintiff's address
there was a. similar restraint and abso
lute refusal. The most that the attorneys
would say was that they were taking the
depositions of Mr. and Mrs. Stone.
A courteous but firm determination not
to answer followed when Inquiry was
made as to the identity of L. M. Kittrell,
or Ketrell.
A suit was filed yesterday In the Supe
rior Court by L. M. Klttrell to recover
$3500 from Charles B. Brockway. A. \V.
A Stone, a clairvoyant, and Mrs. A. W.
a! Stone. It Is alleged that $3000 v of the
amount claimed Is represented In dia
monds wrongfully taken from one L. J.
Harris, for whom Kittrell was assignee.
There was also a further charge of fraud
ulent concealment of property.
The defendants, A. "\V. A. Stone and
Mrs. S'.one were arrested yesterday and
taken to the offices of former Judge
James G. Maguire and Attorney E. T.
Barrett, who represented the plaintiff. .
Klttrell charges that November 8 last
Brockway, for whom the Sheriff Is
searching, and Stone- forced Harris to give
up possession of six diamond rings and a
gold watch set in diamonds. In fear that
the defendants might leave the city. Dep
uty Sheriff Holllngsworth was armed with
warrants for their arrest, lssed by Judge
Cook- Later Judge Kerrigan issued an
order by which the attorneys for the
plaintiff were empowered to release the
Stones from custody if they so desired.
Nearly the whole of yesterday the Stones
were under examination in the private
offices of Attorneys Magulre and Bar
rett ¦'••:- <v . ."'l-'.^"
In regard to Mrs. Etewet, Brodrlck said
there was no .objection to her leaving
South Africa, but she would not be al
lowed to reside In Cape Colony.
BERLIN, Feb. 14.— The German relief
committee has voted an Immediate grant
of 300.000 marks, half In cash, and half In
material comforts, for the use of tha
Boers In the concentration camps of
South Africa. ;••:•> -v.,". ¦¦
LONDON, Feb. 14.— War Secretary
Brodrlck Informed questioners In the
House of Commons to-day that he could
not undertake to give the Houae an op
portunity to discuss the matter, should
the death sentence be passed upon Com
mandant Kritslnger, who was captured
by General French last December, before
the sentence was carried out. He could
not Interfere with the discretion of Lord
Kitchener.
War Office Will Not Inter
fere if the Sentence Is
Death.
Speech of the Former British
Premier Creates Some
Enthusiasm.
Litigants and Their Counsel
Aotin a Very Mystifying
Manner.
to Serve Order for
His Arrest.
Sheriff Rogers Refuses
Rather Strange. Com
plaint Is Filed in the
Superior Court.
Rosebery Would Alien
ate It From the Lib
eral Camp.
Pate of Boer Warrior
in Hands of British
General.
JAIL DOORS
ARE CLOSED
TO DANIELS
CHANGES VIEWS
ON IRISH PARTY
KITCHENER MAY
HANG KRITSINGER
DIAMONDS FORM
BASIS OF SUIT
THE ¦ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .FEBRUARY 15, 1902.
Blue and Gold Go Down to Defeat Beneath
the Clever -and Forceful Argument of
Eloquent Defender of the Cardinal
WAGNER OF STANFORD WINS CARNOT
MEDAL AND THE ROOTERS GO WILD
11
W6tl O
Soap for toilet, nursery,
bath and shaving. Match-
less among all soaps in.
the world for fckese • pur-
poses.
Cold all over the vorld.
APV±iKTTSriIYl EZMTS.
An Ideal
Medicine.
A New Discovery Which Cures
All Forms of Catarrh.
- The. tablet is the Ideal form In which to ad-
minister medicine, but until recently no suc-
cessful catarrh tablet had ever been attempted.
There is now, however, an excellent and pala-
table remedy for catarrh In tablet form, known
£3 Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and sold by drug-
gists, composed of the most recent discoveries
In medicine for cure of catarrh, and results
from their use have been highly gratifying.
The j old time • treatment of catarrh was la -
the form of inhalers, washes, douches, «pray».
etc. Later on internal remedies were used
with - greater success; but being In liquid or
powder form were Inconvenient to use and like -
all * medicines In .liqnld or powder form los»
their medicinal properties when opened or ex-
posed to the air.
¦ Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain highly con-
centrated antiseptics. Red Gum. Blood Root,
etc., which kill the catarrh germs In the- blood
and mucous membrane, and in this respect arc
. strictly, scientific and modern, because all au-
thorities are now agreed that catarrh is a con-
stitutional blood disease, and local application*
can have only a transitory effect.
The use of Inhalers, douches and sprays Is a
nuisance and inconvenience and can In no wise
compare favorably with the same antislptica
given in tablet form Internally, where they caa '
reach the stomach and blood and kill catarrh
germs right where they are produced.
A prominent lawyer and public speaker of
Pittsburg says: "I have been troubled with
catarrh of the head and throat for twelv»
years. In this climate it seems impossible to
get rid of it. . The continual dropping of mucus
from tbe nose Into the throat caused irritation
and hoarseness, seriously interfering -with my
public speaking. It took me an hour or more
of coughing, gagging, expectorating and sneez-
ing every . morning before I could settle down
to work, and this condition gradually brought
on catarrh of stomach, causing loss of appe-
tite, • poor digestion and a foul breath, which
annoyed me exceedingly. My physician - ad-
vised me to try Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and
I took them for two months and was aston-
ished to . find how quickly they cleared - my
head, throat and stomach, and I have no hesi-
tation in recommending them. • They are not
only pleasant. to take, but they seem to get at
the. very root of -the trouble, because sine*
using them I have had no trace of catarrh."
Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at SO
cents for full sized package.
They can be carried in. the pocket and used
any time and as often as desired, since they.
contaih no cocaine; ¦ mercury or any other to- '
iurious drus.THE SAN FRAyciSCXi CALL, SATURD A Yy FEBRUARY 1 5, 1 902.
12
SAW FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFI'ICE.of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICER— 51'7 Montgomery street.
cn:n«r Clay; rpfti until 9::»0 p". ra.
- ¦**' Haves street; ci,cn until t>:30 p.m.
< : -'JV« McAllister street: cpen until !»:30 p. m.
, "15 L«tki3 street: <>pen until O:W> p. m. ¦
IW1 MiKFion street: open until 10 p. m.
«fil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntl) ft ¦>. m.
J06 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
J0TW5 Vnlencia rtreet: enen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky m-wts: open until 8 p. m. >j»>HgsiBW8
• C20O FHImore street: onen until P v- m.
~ .MEgTIXG NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and • •
A. if.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- _^V_
NOON ht 2:-:<i o'clock. Thini <'.egxfH?. TuJT
Master Masons cordially invited. By'xT^
cider of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 100. Frand.A. M. - /i
— Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) .^V-
EVENING at 7:.10 o'clock. First d<»- iCjf
gree. «. E. ALLAN. Sec. ' ~ *
DORIC Lodjre No. 2ic" F. and A. 11. — m
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY/) _JV .
EVENING fit 7::l" o'clock. Third VV
degree. Master Masons are invited. *^r '
By order cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary..
HAIITNAGF.L Supreme Arch Chapter No.
»¦•;. U. A. O. D.. Druids' Hall. 413 Sut- £jB
ter st. — The officers and members are J6 -™-
hereby notified to assemble at their hall
SUNDAY. Feh. 1<5, l&ft;, at 1 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
cur lEte brother. Fa«t Chief Druid HENRY
A. CHASE. Funeral services at Red Men's
Hall. 020 Post St., at 2 p. m.
JAMES F. MARTINONI, C. D.
JOHN HUTTON. Secretary.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. ISO, A. O. U. .**D>
W. — Officers and members, ycu are£<C§t£
notiflec! to mwt at your hall to attend &§£§
the funeral of cur late brother, JOHN
TURN'ER, SUNDAY, Feb. 16. sit 12:30.
WM. P. MURPHY. M. W.
J. H. CATTRAX, Recorder. ( .
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, W^J '
American Association " f '/jlf ||in fc
. Masters and Pilots— Officers Ml 5 ls2^B^
.'.nd members are hereby [ tsi&&^^^
requested to attend the fu- li^
ijeral of our late brother. Captain JOHN
~>-K.NER, from his resldenc*. 406 Brannan
ft., on SU.VDAY. Feb. 16. at 1 o'clock p. m
thence to James A. Garfleld Post. Alcazar
building. Interment National Cemetery,
Prefidio. R. N. PIPPY, Secretary. ':
W. M. RANDALL. Captain. . *: .
ANNUAL meeting Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company— The regular annual meeting of the
«r>ckholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Ccmpany wJli be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market et.. In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 1st day of
March, 1002, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to rerve for the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Tue6day, Februarv is
1SC2. at 3 o'clock p. m. *
H. XV. THOMAS, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received an application to mine by the hy-
draulic process from R. A. Pemberton. in
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo. Shasta
County, to deposit tailings In Dry Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. Ban Francisco, Cal ,
or. March 3, 1902. a! 1 :S0 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany- — The reciUar annual meeting of the
etockhoMers of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office cf the
company. 327 Market Bt.., In the cHy and
county cf San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, ca WEDNESDAY, the 26th day of
February. l»02. at the hour of 11 o'clock
e. m.. lor the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year.
and fcr the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer bocks will close on Saturday. Feb-
ruary 15. 1902. at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual rr.eetiac of the stockholders of the Kll-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
st the office of the company. 327 Market St..
in the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1002. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing &
Board of Directors to serve, for the ensuing
;ear ar.d for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday. Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY. ~~™
HOROSCOPES cast; future predlctedTreadlngs
by mail if desired. ' Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
[ ATTOKXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner buildinp, room
€13: al! cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gagfa. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges: open eve's: call or write.
ADVICIi free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments: mort*ag-es;bills of sale;partner-
*hir..£; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.SW Market.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :<julck; quiet;
iio charge without success: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. f>27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.,927 Mar-
ket Et.: ccnsu!tatlon free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast: ewell-
est thing out: agency Columbia, Monarch oth-
erg; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquarium* ; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1540Market Et.,bet.8th & 9th.
FOK CHILDREN.
BERKELEY— Good homTl'OTncwidr^nT'near
school : SS up. 2127 Prince et.
MOOKS SfKW A.\D OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Hclraes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
IIL'SIXESS CHANCES.
A — $650; CORNER saloon on choicest part of
Montgomery et. ; place paying; flm-class:
good fixtures; large stock. For particulars
tcfc R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
|S5o — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store;
2 rooms; rent $30; near Geary and Lcaven-
¦M-ortli sts.: a good paying business; rare
cliantt for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE, 26'zs Kearny et. '
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes st.; rent (20; living rooms: good
buEincts. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V& Kearny.
A— *450; RESTAURANT on Fourth St.. close
to Market: rent $30; good paying business ;
value in Eight. Call R.* G. WILKE. i<6 l A
Kearay st.
A — $o000; DRY coeds and notions store; best
location; etock will Invoice the price; sickness
compels owner to leave the city. Call H. U.
%V1LKE. 1'S^ Kearny et.
A— $7£0; SALOON established years; close to
Kearay and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE.
'M % Kearny et.
A-^450; COFFEE fcaloon and restaurant on
I-'ourth St.; rent $25; dally receipts about
$25: owner to leaVtJor Nevada. Cal R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A — $UO0; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theattrs; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. tt. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $t'0O; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished year*; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
foon. R. G. WILXE. 26»i Kearny st.
A — CALIFORNIA Hairdressing College; 2
rooms nicely fumteht-d; will stay one week
with buyer. ROHLFS CO..- 41 Third Bt.
A— HOTEL wltk first-class bar; C7 rooms; cen-
trally located; best buy In the city; $8500.
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A — CIGAR stand on Third st. : this is a - bar-
gain; $125. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third St.
FOR sale — Saloon In Mission ; sold on account
of removal; this lc a bargain ; price $400.
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third Et. . .'. .
FOR sale — Saloon on Market st. ;" transfer cor-
Iner; well rtocked. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
*E salmon cannery business is the most
profitable business In the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call uoon our
agent in your city and let him tell you about
It. The Interstate Fisheries Comnany of
Seattle, Wash., incorporated under the laws
of that State. • making Its stock fully paid
and absolutely non*aFsessabIe, offer a limited
amount of its stock to you at 15 cents per
Fhare and esy positively to you that the next
block gees at 25 cents. Look Into it at once
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY 302-
U03 Pacific block. Seattle. Wash., or ' branch
offlce. ERWIN & CO.. 1104 Market St.. room
B, San Francisco, Cal.-
EALY & CARR.phone James 2771.
<i Eddy st.: rooms IS and 19.
t Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
' etoree. cigar stores, -ranches, oil lands, leases;
Money to loan on any of the £.bo\'e. ."'
PARTNER to buy H Interest In* corner- gro-
cery and bar; established 16 ! years; "amount
required $1000; value in *icht. -. ADply' HOL-
TL'M PROD.. 545 M-irket-st. .... ¦¦'¦¦;. :¦?
nCSI'MSSS rHAXCKS Ci>"tlnn»il.*.. '
JOSEPH STRAUB. . j
SiO Ma.ktt st., cor. Stockton.
Telejihone Grant 177. j
Real Estate Accnt. i
Property bought and sold. •
Rents collected. ' -
' Loans neeotiated.
Leritimate Business !
Asent. |
Do you want 'to sell your business or do you
want a partner fcr legitimate business call en
above address,
-'Bakery in good location, south of Market;
old age and sickness cause tor sellinsr;- low
rent; price only $900.
Hotel in one of the most flourishing interior
cities; good bar; 30 rooms; 45 beds;. steady
boarders: low rent: lease; only $000.
Saloon; corner: north of Market; good pay-
ing place; C fine rooms upstairs ;.rent $00.
Saloon on principal business street* good
opportunity; lease; rent $100. j
Restaurant: one block from principal the-
aters; large banquet hall for' weddings and
parties; rent $60; cheap.
Restaurant; beet location in Vallejo; good-
paying place; cheap; rent $40. , " ;
i Bar and merchants' lunch; In wholesale
: district; good paying; price $1500. j
• • . ¦ !
Restaurant and bakery In the best bueine<8 }
part of the city: this Is a very good oppor- ;
tunity; investigate; price $13,000. J
A— $225; DELICACY store; good trade: 2 j
rooms; rent $15; bargain. STRAND & CO., I
209 Kearnv st. . . .. . > I
A — FOR RENT — Corner cigar store: near Mar- !
ket; rent $15. STRAND &.CO., 200 Kearny.
FOR Sale — Retail hay and grain business ;.es- {
t a Wished 15 years; splendid retail location on j
main thoroughfare; capital necessary about j
$1200. Principals meaning business address
box 3074. Call.
A — $250; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
I young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary Et., room 4.
STANTON & LILLIS. 77714 Market; teL Black
4497 — Buy, sell and exchange lodging-houses I
and business places In all parts of city. j
A CHANCE to make money. I have the saf- j
ept axd surest way to win at the races; In- !
vestigate. MME. BERNARD, 17 Third st. 1
A — THIRTT cigar f tsnds that net 52 60 to $6 i
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrctt bids.
"WANTED— A lady partner In first-class hotel; I
excellent location; $2500. Box 3970. Call.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula- I
tion i« the safest and most profitable ever !
devised; average monthly profits over SO per '
cent; explanation free. " N. S. HAND & CO.. j
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st. |
SALOON, corner lot. property, stock and fixt- |
ures for sale, or rent; opposite railroad depot <
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
jPaso Robiet. Cal.
WANTED — Partner with $500 in good bust- i
ness; money can be paid back in one month; !
no experience; no risks: investigate." L.,
room 218. Emma Spreckels building. I
RESTAURANT— Must sell this week: receipts
• $20 a day; connected with 50- room house: in-
vestigate. M. Turman & Co.. 439 Parrott bldg.
P"OIt sale — Saloon in Vallejo: one of the best i
ctande. Particulars at 312 Battery st. j
CIGAR etand for sale. 1445 Market St., $300; |
one of the best in city. ;
FOR sale — Route on this paper in business part
of city. " 1S30 Market st.
$500 — CIGAR store at Point Richmond; a bar-
galn. GIBB & CO., Eastyard P. O.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER ...... 1020 Market Bt. i
Phone Mint 796 Before Buying. I
¦French Spoken. I
24 room*: Geary; owner sick; bargain. .$1750 I
30-room hotel and bar; rent $125; snap.. 2000 '
38 rooms; Market st ..- 20i0 i
14 rooms; owner retiring 350 <
17 rooms; Sixth st.; only -. .-. 750 i
21 rooms; rent $45 .• l S50 I
19 rooms; transient: 'make offer '¦
20 rooms; Turk; transient; just listed.. 1000 !
* SPECIAL.
This office will be closed until Monday —
17th
RETSLOFF & CO.. 906 Market st.
A— McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO.,
953 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2S11.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
14 rooms, newly furnished: clears $00; Al
location; on Market st. ; only $1700.
23 rooms: elegant corner on, Geary; *eelect
roomers only; modern building; must sell.
18 rooms; transient; clears $100 month; cen-
trally located; two rooms pays rent; good
furniture.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ~-
850 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 2S1. !
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels, \
business chances and real estate.' ¦,•-!
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. •
A. CAMERON & CO.. "
. 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell.. list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city, j
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433. t
Buyers for lodging houses; call and see our •
large llEt, from $300 to $6000: fair and hon-
est trade: sellers list your houses with . us
for quick sale.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale: from $800
up. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
11 ROOMS; elegant new furniture; sunny flat;
bargain. 823B Eutter st..' 1-2 p. m. .
1* R.— Velvet carpets. . elegantly fur. ; worth
.$3000; sell less than $2000 cash. '3701. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. -MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues., Frl., Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1034 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. .1164 O'Farrell -st.; Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st.: readings daily,
ROc and $1; circle every night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily
phone .Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A 60©— SOc— BOc. . .7. ... .... .—A
PROF. BROCKWAY, Prof. Brockway
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough.
Offers for. a short time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his offlce and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p.m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 p. m. . •
Scientific and Expert. Lifd Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth
interest manifested in each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled In
this city at any figure. Prof. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
. uninteresting feature! and not . tiring you
with matters entirely irrelevant to the case
in hsnd. as has been the case in readings
you fcave had in the • past. Prof. Brockway
reads your past, present and
SOc — SOc — 50c. .
MME. M. BERNARD. . ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate,
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c"
up; satisfaction guaranteed.; Tel. Black 4569.
MRS.^DR, F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect • satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. ' Dally and : Sunday. .
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant.tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife-
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215yfr 6th.
ISMAR. the ¦ Egyptian ' Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. ¦
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant
• crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l: 10 a. m: to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.; nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant • water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 15C.1
50c, $1— Prof. Weller, clalrvoyant,.palmlRt, card
. reader ;mall orders ;stamp for clrc. 1007 % Mkt.-
MRS. MALLORY. 617 Howard, ; cafirvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c.' G.- BOc." |
MRS. B. , Baumann, - well-known fortune teller'
has removed from 222 Eddy, to 407.0'Farrclll
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; ; business
advice; names given; 25c uo.' 5 Fourth tu -1
I CARPET BEATIXC A.\D CLEANING.
j V.'HEN . you become disgusted with poor , work
send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer I Carpet-beat-
i Ing Works. 35J-3G7 Tehania st.; tel. South 40.
' AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
/renovated, relaiil. 104 "14th st. ;¦ tel. ¦ Capp L'54-\
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;;
tel. Main H'M. GEO. -.WALCOM & CO.. Prop."
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263."
CONKLIN'S Superior: Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East ¦ 126. : •
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
¦ vatlng Co.. -240. 14th st. ; . tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, OIti Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
__'B4^abIe body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. »27 Market st.
___^_ COTTAGES TO LET.
A COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $9™? Lombard
st., near Hyde.
m COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED— Small sunny cottage, Jlarge~yard;
: any part city I having direct communication
¦ with Market Kt. 720 Central ave.
i Aij. ije.vtists. i
i A T t>I S S ' HIg'gins; 027TMarket s\.r Em'ma !
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason- j
, able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other
j fillings. $1; gold and porcelain" crowns $5
up; plates, a full . set of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed. $0 up.
Painless extraction.
i I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free ;' pricts
cheapest • and guaranteed; lady attendants.-
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC/ S09~ Market; cor
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our speclaltyigcld
crowns. $3 60 up; plates.extractions free $4 50
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager!
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and- manager, '
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;flllIngs.50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge: both warranted lifetime:
crowns, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown; 64 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. 1 Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; -fillings, 60c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth -without plate." DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 16=41 Folk et.
DR.R. L. WALSH, 815»iGeary,nr.Lark!n— Pain-
less ext., SOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates: patterns cut. 1010 Market St. 'I
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM. !
PILGER. 121. Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt. j
— ....- I
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the. Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
H^AXD^S^CHOOL OF^ELECTRICAirENGT
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ' '
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market j
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran- i
tees a complete bus. education;- shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free, j
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. — Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short- ]
hand students write 200 words a minute " on i
test. Typewriters at home -free to student*.
' Nine positions last week. i
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST~ i
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; i
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining !
.engineering; day and night; catalogue free. ¦
A — The LYCEUM, an. accredited preparatory
¦ school for the university,' law and medical
colleges: references. -President Jordan or any j
Stanford professor. TPhelan building.; j
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad- t
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. .
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 210 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlning.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day,' eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern ir.ethods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. S05 Larkln st; ,\
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native' Sons' Hall 414 Mason st. '
PIANO lessons by lady teacher; homes visited
If desired; $3 month. Address box 3006. Call.
MARY P. WEgTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
"lessons, BOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFIllippe'sAcademy
of Languages.^OPost ; estab'd 1S71 ;ablest profs.
C HOFFMAN, . the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.' 6th.
SHORTHAND taught" by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, "typing, -bookkep.; : $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night- class. .? 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue; free. -
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. ' Geo.
. Kinoshlta, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.'
CHINESE and Japanese help;'estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help: ; - : ;
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post.: GEO. AOKI; tel.'Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleaning. . 628 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188/
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish most
. reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516. '.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese, Chi-'
nese help. 426 PowelI,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED^FEMALE?
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian and German cook,
understands hotel and ' boarding-house '- cook-
ing, wishes situation. J. F. ' CROSETT ¦ & ¦
CO., 334 Sutter st. . . . ... . : -
WANTED — Situation as companion or house-
keeper to elderly lady by widow with daugh-
ter 10: years old. -Box' 3684, : Call of flee.', ¦
YOUNG lady wants place, In smalL family; no
windows; more a pleasant home required
than high wages. Box 3068, Call of flee.;.
COMPETENT American woman would like a
position as working housekeeper; wages $20;
no triflers. ' Address. Housekeeper, 214 Fifth;
HOME washing done at 3645 ' Twenty-third
st.; ladles' linen and gentlemen's flannels a
specialty. '-/§K&Bkw8H$mkWtkA
GOOD cook will . do general ¦; housework In ¦ a
small family; small wages. 7 Hunt st. off
Third. MngsSSaMMBBBB
YOUNG German girl wishes position In pri-
vate; family; wages $20. , Box , 3695, Call.-
RELIA BLE woman ; wishes work ' by the day
washing, ironing and. housecleaning. 685
• ' Seventh st.
"' VV , INCI £5 STER Hous e. 44 Third st.V near Jlar-
. ket—200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 . week ; convenient and respectable ; ¦ f ree
bus and baggage to and : from ; ferry. • . . ; ••¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, . 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call . advertisements and
; . subscriptions has been established ¦ at 1096
' Valencia 6t. ' , . ; '::•.,,. ¦_,-. .- y
EMPLOYMENT: WANTED— 31 ALE.
COACHI*AN — Position .:, wanted by competent *
reliable; .young Englishman; understands
gardening; can milk. - Address box 3969, Call."
STRONG ¦ boy .17. years old desires opportunity
to learn baker's trade; small ¦ wages. Box
BARKEEPER,' good ' experience : and reference/
wishes steadv . position : city : or country; not
,_•; afraid, of .work. Box 3700, Call office. : ; ' , .
A YOUNG German wishes a position" as driver •
well acquainted with the city; Box 3971. CalL
I :'il E ,MPL6Y3IENT WANTED — -MALE.
STOUT young man - wants "work of . any ' kind ;
" Rood , references. ' Address W. M., box «903.
Call office. - - - - . ' . ; ¦
SITUATION wanted by a gardener who knows
his . business; » Private or ranch : foreman: • or-
chard, vines, grafting, pruning, propagation,
horses,, cows, -etc ; ref G years; Southern
Congressman; ref. 3 years private place; ref. 1
..-., 2 -years nursery work- ref : S years ¦ foreman
¦gardener park. J. s. S00 Mission st.'. S. F.
TOUNG. married man desires position as driver
.of laundry ' wagon • U years' experience . as
driver of milk wagon; first-class reference;
state ¦ inducements. Box 3912. Call 'office.
GERMAN, .",8 year3 old, married, wishes situa-
tion as saloon porter- good references; wages
¦•; ?25 to $:<0; handy all around. Address box
¦-. 3005, Calb of flee.
YOUNG man: who is desirous of learning elec-
- -trical and civil engineering would like posi-
tion with some good establishment. Box
3099. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS flange turner and general boil-
ermaker wishes situation out of San Fran-
cisco; Rood reference and is now working.
Apply Steady Work, 500 Kearny st.
A YOUNG man of previous experience who de-
¦ sires to i finish trade would like work as
helper in retail candy factory. Address L.
- S.. COS Third st.. room 30.
YOUNG man wishes to do light work for 'a
good home; please state age of children, if
gny.. Box .".on. Call. . , ¦ ¦ '. "•,".¦
BARTENDER wishes steady position; " city or
) country;, good references. Box 5694, Call.
POSITION as porter wrapper or assistant
packer by March 1. Address r N. LINTON.
1 435V; Minna st. ' : . ¦
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledge of stenography. Address
. box 3216, Call. (1 ".
EXPERIENCED invalids' nurse wants posi-
tion; reasonable; good reference. 810 Tele-
~ graph ave. .Oakland. - :
A YOUNG Japanese wants a position at
chamber work; $S week up. I. S., box 3013.
Call offlce. • ¦,
WANTED — Work by good carpenter *and box- i
maker. Box 3697, Call.
BUTCHER,;: good all-round man, wants a
place; hotel or restaurant. Box 3916. Ca!l."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A ; BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
;-¦ subscriptions has been established at 1038
1 Valencia st. .. /'
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services: good propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MININli
AND INVESTMENT CO., .U. S. licensed
stock brokere. 320 Post st.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
L- have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-O Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET..
WASHINGTON. 3040— Finest flat In the city;
recently renovated throughout. Apply MADI-
SON .t El'RKE. ,
A— MARINE view; new; 2922 Pacific ave.;
sunny side; swell location; 3 rooms and bath.
I "~ ~ '¦¦•--. - — ' — : ~
j NINTH. 404— Nice flat of 7 rooms and bath.
TO LET— FimSISHED.
MODERN newly furnished, five-room flat for
sale cheap. 647 Kills st. - -
FLATS FOK SALE — FUKMSHED.
NICELY furnished sunny S-room flat for sale.
¦ 324 Ellis st. .
I J't'R.MTl'BE FOR SALJT
I 4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with~l?oT7
| range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
; 6 ROOMS, all rented: nicely furnlshsd corner
house; 2 bicycles with brake. 874 Howard.
FURNITURE fcr sale; C-,room flat; cheap.
Apply vlOai Market St.. room 6.
FURMTURE WAXTEIX T
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mitsion St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red l.'iii.
¦ GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede gloveTbesTTn'tnTworTd:
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave; "
HELP "VV ANTIflD — FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY-4 CO.'S. .. Phone Main 1575
-...-... . : . . HOTEL . DEPARTMENT . . '...".
5 waitresses, . rirst-claEs new -. hotel, $25; 3
.more waitresses, Coronado Beach, ?20, hnlf-
rates lares; 2 waitresses,; commercial- hotels
South, ?25, fare' here; 12 other waitr«?s-sea,
city and country, *20 and S25; 3 chamber-
maids to wait. ?20; 2 chambermaids, South.
*20. . r ¦ ¦ .- ¦ .
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German rook, .535: American family cook,
$SO : .private waitress. ?2O; • housegirl, 2 . in
lamily," North, '?25, fare paid; housegirl,
Fresno, {25; housegirl, Martinez, ?20.
WANTED — Cook,, plain wash, Los Gatos, '$3u;
4 second, girls, $20 and $25: " 6 waitresses,
city and country, $2U and $25; : dishwasher
for institution, $20; wsjtress for sanitarium,
$20; 2 governesses, $25: 3 chambsrmaids/
walt 1 meal, $20; C cooks, no wash, some
plain wash, for American ¦ and Jewish fami-
lies, .$30 and $35; 39iglrls for housework. in
nice families, city and country, $20, $25 and
$30. ' Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
; Sutter st. .
"A 'WOMAN for children's dining-room in insti-
tution near city; ?25, With board, room and
laundry. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only: steady work;
electric power; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market at. ---.
"WANTED — Experienced - operator on woman's
wrappers; steady • work; good pay; electric
* power. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st. -
WANTED — An experienced tucker; steady
work. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st. ./
WANTED— An apprentice. MARKS BROsH
1212 Market st. - • ¦-••-.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32'^ Fremont st.; no experience
necessary; good .pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— -In a laundry, a good lroner on
ladles' starched goods; steady work; v good
wages. : Address box 05, ¦ Santa Barbara,
Cal. ; state references.
WANTED— A refined German girl to take care
¦ of child 2 years- old; must have references;
wages $25. Apply Saturday and Monday,'
from 3 to 5 p. m.. 1018 Franklin street.
WANTED— For one month an educated - girl
, for light second work and waiting; must be
good reader; sleep at home: $15.; 710-
Leavenworth st. ¦ ,.
GIRLS learn halrdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, halrwork from A to Z In 2 weeks'
course, $5; must nil 5 positions within 2
weeks; day and eve class. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
WANTED — A woman in family of 3 ; ¦" light
housework and cooking; no washing; wages
$10. Call at 914 Taylor St.. above Pine. .
WANTED— Coat finishers. Apply factory S.
- N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
GIRL to assist with baby. 2843 Bryant st.y
' near Twenty-flfth. ¦ - -.
•GOOD girl for plain family cooking and down-
¦ stairs work. .1533 McAllister st. . ,
WANTED— A waitress at restaurant corner of
Sutter and Devlsadero ; sts. . -
WANTED— Experienced arm waitress.. '200
Fourth St. ..-:;••: --;¦.,-,
BODY ironers, . $10 per week. United States
Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.: „
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for plain cook-
' Ing;. sleep home. 721' Polk st. i ¦-• '. .
GIRL , general housekeeping and cooking;.' no
window cleaning; small washing. 1303 Oc-
tavla st.
TOUNG girl to assist In- housework and; care
of children. 1122 Noe st. :
A ?. X .5 L for "Kht housework and take care of
:K child. 1632 McAllister. - - '; •.,,-"
WANTED— Experienced . ironers.. OAKLAND
; LAUNDRY, CO.,; t)80-29th St., Oakland. . :
GOOD s maker and apprentice wanted in mllli-
nery store at 602 McAllister., st.
GIRLS • from 16 to . 17, for factory I work; ; apply,
."_-" at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento.
A .GERMAN . woman 'as • governess; ' state '. re-
. llgion ; ; salary $30. , Box . 2994. Call. . / . 1
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call, branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beenv ertablished at 10J8
Valencia st. , . .
¦"¦¦: HELp 'WASTED-^MALE.
WANTED— A young man for bookkeeper; must'
¦ ha ve had • experience, • write '' a good hand, ¦ ac-
¦; curate at figures and be able to furnish good
; references.';,. Address, stating, references, 1 , sal-
ary. expected, • box • 3054,? Call offlce. % .'. j -
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers" In demand;
only, requires s 8 - weeks; . tools donated : • cata-
logue; free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,'
,__635 Clayst. ; ¦-. . '¦•¦¦; ¦ ¦*;-:-.. .- . ¦-.-.;¦
WANTED— Youngi man ¦ for ; porter .work; ' state.
, ,.***. ; and exnerlence. ; Box 3014.*, Call , office. :,r ;
.MUSICAL 13 _SJTJIT;MENTS 1
*- up. credited if pu.rnaj-d;
installments $'S up: old pianos bou^in and
exchanged: bargains >25 up In dteiaway.
- Heine ChKkerin*. etc.; a?ent3 w.inte-.l for
Krcll* Heir.*. KaMet & Davis and 20 other
makes: we give tall **a*h discount if you caa
Pfcv *25 down and *!»• a month; som* ne«»
piano, for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. Uir
Geary *t. ¦ / -
AGAIN we remind you that our piano «.>:«.
both new and secend-hand. Is the largest w»st
. of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New planes sold upon
easy payments of $6 per monlh: »cw *r>o*
ptanos for $3 $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN". CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers. cof»-r
Kearny and Sutter «s.. Sail Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st..- Oakland.
fcOHMER A CO. PUnoa.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Piinos.
HAMILTON Pianos
.¦BPE1LMAN.1 Pianos.
OECILIAV PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. .".OS-310-312 Post »t.
BYRON MAUZY. 3(18-310-012 POST ST.
, Pohmer. Byron Mauzy. Lester. Pplelmann.
¦Hamilton pianos: Cecilian Piano Player, best
in th& market; fine large room for storing
Pianos. $1 per month: planes to rent. $- per
'month up: new pianos from $175 up; every-
thing warranted to be as represenfd.
ATTENTION. BAKU A1N-H UNTEIt:*—
Setond-hanrf upright pianos from *."*5 ui».
Kecon<i-b»nd square pianos from $M up.
eecond-hand crscans from *23 up: new upri;ht
pianos from $1T5 up. BENJ CURTAZ i%
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
ft Hamlin. Voee. Sterling pianos. <
A FINE assortment of good second-hand Up-
right* are on hand for you to select from.
The prices are low. the quality excellent. W*
have many new Deckers, Wlssners, Bauraels-
ters and others. Payments aocepted If you
desire -to buy that way. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any Urns
withlr. 2 years and full - purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regoUr
price; costs you only 20c a day to 'buy a piano
from ua. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
. St.; established 1850.
A FINE Urge upright. $130: a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany ca*».
in 'use only a few months. $273: new piano*
to rent. $3 60: squares. $1 60 and $2: Beck-
cteln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 5th St.. agts for Ivers £ Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate cash
have stored frith as for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for aala at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they moat
go; easy payments; other storage upright* $40
up. "WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market at.
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. FIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14th and Church,
A FIXE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allea
Co.. 031 Market st.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON, 8 Flood big.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk st.. near Markst—
Shonlncer. Schubrt and Stainway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate are.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up;
easy paymta. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Mlssa.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per """"»
SCOTT-CTTRTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hay— rt.
$1"5— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHillTZ.
16 McAllister it., next Hlberola Bank,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and sew. H.
MULLBR. maker, repairer. 3 Lathan placet.
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent in Napa— The large store*
front in? on both Main and Brown streets:
the best located store In Napa; now occupied
by Thompson. Beard & Sons; will be for
rent on 15th March. Address W. TV.
THOMPSON. Napa. Cal.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg. 92T Market St.; of-
flcea -with light, heat and Janitor. $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
LOFT, light and airy. 25x100, with water and
gas; suitable for light manufacturing; rens
$18. WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth st.
BUNNY offlce* Jnst below Kearny st.: $10;
also lance store. Keys ft3ft Clay »t.. room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order: all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
I PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
1 Booms papered $3 up; whitening & ttitting~don<N
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st. ; tel. Red 3521.
Papering room, $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
tonablg. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan; tel. Park, I."..
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific palmist, parlors
12 and 13, The Vendome, 1104 Market st.;
hours from 0 a. m. to 10 p. m. "
CHIROLOGICAL -College. Branch 2— Character
reading and palmistry taught. MRS. WM.
McMANUS, 731 Guerrero; phone Church S0S5.
MME. G. L. NEERGAAKD reads 1 to 4. TOO
Post st.. corner. of Jones: phone Foltc S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 315
Taylor St.. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 5fil. .
PERSO.VALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order
$15; with these suits we make an extra parr '
of pants free of charge: other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 00 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from -tha ferry.
WHT guess? Tou can be certain of style and
fit. by using Standard. Patterns: March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W
EVANS. Domestic offlce. 1021 Market. nr.6ta.
A-WHAT do .you think O. BERMAX, 4a
i Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic ! removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Misa C.Dudley. 1702 Market.
A school to learn halrdreasing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1703 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
FIRST-CLASS champoo for 50c; hair dried
with warm air In 10 minutes; hair dreaalns
28c G. LEDEREH. 123 8todrton at.
WHITB enamel iron beds, single. three-<raarter
or double. $2 25. KASTERN OUTFTTTtMO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st..- near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell '.send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. Harris. 426 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; '10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Mrnna st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,ll70 Market.
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electrla
needle; trial free. Mme. Boling. 407B Hyde.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vlda Company, 763
Valencia St.. corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings: 10c; ladles free.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly: 10c and 25c. AH druggists.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 068 Sutter: tel.Larkln3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigj;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-^
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders. a
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50."^
Ml3flt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. -
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION^Xu
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk st... corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hour3 10 to 3. ,
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021^ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY-OWNERS A CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired. the Hentzell patent cttia:-
r«y. I am prepared to erect it 60c a foot ap;
expert In curing smoking or faulty fluei ;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected: con-
tractor brick and concrete work: foundations
and tldewalks tpecialty. brick put under oil
buildings; having my own screws and timberi
I csn do t.hls work cheap an4 without obedi-
ence to labor organisations ; estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2933 Mi?«lon.«r hnx 260. 31S Rg3n.
•-.;.';;. rilOPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.Y Vancouver Barracks.
Waah .'',. Febnlary 10 ' 1902 — Sealed proposals.
In triplicate, will be received here until 11
a. m.. March 11, 1902, and then opened for
the construction at Fort Wright, Wash., of
one double barrack building, brick For full
information, plans and sp»cin*ationa apply
to this offlce. U.S. reserves right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Prcfposals for construc-
tion of buildings -at Fort Wright. Wash..'*
?£D e f ll £ res -. sed to undersigned. ,.J. W. JA-
luos, C (J. H.
___ LOST^ AXD FOUND. "
$25 REWARD for 2 tin boxes lost from \Z1
Montgomery: only on condition of immediate
. return; ''no . questions asked.- Address : 131
Montgomery. St., room "'¦>. ' . #
MATIII3IONIAL.
OK.NTLKMEK wishing to marry wealthy
ladies fend 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.-
3IATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO . order, also cleaned and- sterilized. . uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
«t.: te». Bu>h 421. - - .
¦-_ '¦ ' aiEDICAL.
LADIES— All who ars sick or m trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in. all cases taken; tne most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
.ment; free. confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all , classes of female
complaints treated: relief to the longest cases;,
all private diseases in both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured 10 to 30 days. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity. Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladies
. before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15: rm.. board, $5 wk.; infants
• adopted: will take 2 to work at my private
resld.,.60C Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist:
30 years' experience : instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 OTarrell at.
FREE Museum of Anatomy; 9 to 9; free medi-
cal lecture, 8 p. m. dally; one door from Hall
of Justice. DR. LANDERS & CO.. 714
Kearny st. ,
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old offlce. 122S Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave,; now 112 Mason.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician;. 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
in confinement. ' 1126 Market St.. S: F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, Ills Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. ,
MINING AND ASSAYING?" 7
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoil-
-, dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County, 15 miles north . of Auburn: 3
patented, claims. 8-stamp quartz ¦ mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling:, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for inspection. Further particular! from A.
MEISTKR. Sacramento. Cal.
MINES AND MINING. ~~
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big.. 8.
F. ; branch offlce. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
-MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
OLD BUILDINGS FOR SALE. ' --¦¦¦•• '
Situate SOUTHEAST corner of BATTERY
r.nJ UNION STS.
One 2-story frame, 25x120.
One 3-story brick, 25x60.
One 2-story brick. 25x60..
One 2-story brick. 25x120.
For further particulars inquire at room 68,
- Chronicle building. .
4- INCH centrifugal pump, with gasoline
engine, all complete.... ....$200*
8 H. P. gasoline engine.......... 150
' 8 H. P.; Scotch marine boiler... 100
15-inch engine lathe, complete :. 150
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A — BUYS, .sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers.- water pipes., shafting, pulleys.
. etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust: condi-
tion and quality fine; cost originally $250. fcr
$100 cash; a beauty. Box 304S. Call offlce.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments: billiard
and pool -tables: eas>- terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
A— ?:J M) DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar-Price Hatters. uSO Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE sutt3, $10; dress pants. $2 75." MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c: paperhanging, palnt-
. ing. Merigan. 1302 "Webster; tel.Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Monts'y.
NEW oath .register, for sale. . Call .at. ££3
Broadway. . '
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
¦ good order; complete; cheap. 1015 Mission.
.WO TO 10.C0O feet of 3, 3«/i and 4 inch pipe.
IPS Vallejo et.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
. BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beate st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
. MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern ertgines and boilers
bought, gold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD fc BRECK, 131 Post st.
.MISCELLANEOUS WASTS~'
PORTABLE 1000-foot well boring modern out-
fit, in good condition,, for cash.- Send full
particulars to box 3043, Call offlce.
WILL pajr cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276, Call offlce.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce. 25 Stockton nt.: phone Bush 4S4.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2851.
\_\ ; JLOAN.
H^KMAST^nntI^xC^i«*^Examlnei • oulldiniT
$4,500,000 at lowest rated
on first and second mortgages ......
Life Interests la estates
.....".. Property being held in trust .......
.... Undivided interests In real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..'
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
; BEE HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country propertj :
tecocd mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY. AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.-
First, second and third mortgages
. . Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
. Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
..:..... R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
MONEY TO LOAN. ¦ ': ¦ ~~
........$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates
..' 1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages...
Undivided interest in estates, insurance poll-
. cles, furniture or anything else
" PACIFIC LOAN CO., 646 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; •> per cent: first.
' second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, Interest in - estates, legacies, . undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
. cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
. 1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OL3EN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY.: respectable : private place to obtain
'liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. - Baldwin Jewelry Store. 843
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's).- 1710 Market.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages '& on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; 'any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 613.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
•. household goods, without removal ;ccnfldentlal.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery St., opp.. Lick House.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
: quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
• n^e: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on^ furniture, "etc, by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory . bldg.. 301 ' Jones.'
ONE per 'cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
$10 UP. on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy; rm. 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
"HILL, r. 44. Merchants'. Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture- and pianos: $15 up;- no re-
..moval.'-rhone Black 1700. Room 81. .9 Eddy.
O.'. salaries.- N.-Y. plan: .Indorsed paper dls-
. : counted. : TOUSLEY CO..- 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture.! planes; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. . LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you vrant a'homo I will-loan you monev to
', buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222' Sanwmt it.
ON '¦ salaries- without ' indorser: other ¦ proposl-
tlons. < S. F. Discoua t Agency. 14-t Phela n big.
LOANS monev on salary; no Indorser;' Eastern
• .plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelaa bid*.
r -HELP. WAJfTED— MALE Con.
MURRAY. & -READY. . . .'. . . .Phone Main 5848
...: Leading Employment' and Labor Agents.."
... ... ».-. . . . ; .-.-.¦¦ tS4-«<6 . Clay . ... ......:....
. .OFFICE OPEN 7 A..M......
-•— CHEAP. FARES •:'. . . . .". . ... . . .
«¦" .-: .". ¦. . ."Tr-rkwooocHopplRS : r.Tr.rrrrrr
.45 woodchoppers to chop cordwood In a new
camp. , virgin timber, level ground, big wages
can . be made on the job, - work will last 2
years, cheap R.R.fares.... .................
Prices: . ••
.'...'......... Red wood SOc per Cord ...........
R ............. Pine SI 25 per Cord .vrr.'.r.'..'.:.
...:... ..Oak $1 50 per Cord...
¦ 30 . tiemakers ."": ". lCc to • lCc each i
Machinist, country. .... ........ .$3 50 day
Furnace man" for mine, ¦ $2 50 day; ;2 slack
coopers ;•; machine hand: for planing ¦¦ mill,"" $3,
day; foreman brlckmaker; 10 pruners, large
. fruit ranch,'§30 and found: 5 !arm hands; 2
dairymen; .gardener, $52: buggy .; washer,
"country stable, $30 and found; old man to do
*• chores,, country. $f5 and found: 2 cooks, coun-
"-, - try hotels, $35 and $50 and found ; camp cook.
¦ near city; cook, restaurant." city, $9 week; 4
' waiters; 5 kitchen hands; etc., etc.
MURRAY & t READY. ..... .(i34-C36 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary, st.
Railroad Work. .Free Fare
............... FOR NEVADA ..... .
f>0 teamsters. .'..... $2 a day
f^) laborers. .'....... . .?2 a day
¦ f'O rockmen. .?2 a day
....... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK .......
-.:..... BIG TUNNEL ...........:..
,20 header and corner men.'. .."... .52 CO a' day
20 drillers and muckers.. .. .'.$2 to $2 25 a day
'....:....: Ship To-day '..;............
FREE FARE. . . . FREE FARE
' ......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Waiter for hotel in Nevada. $40 to $45
• Herman Lutz, the '. pantryman,' please report,
C. R. ,- HANSEN & CO ........ 104' Geary st.
3 CAR builders, $3 to $3 50 day; poultryman
: and wife, - $50 - and found;, farmer and wife,
$35 to $40 and found; young- man with some
experience at stone cutting; 2 Italian pruners;
tiemakers, 10c to 14c, : and others. J. F.
' CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento Bt. :. -
PIANO player for country, fare advanced; but-
ler. $35 and found; hotel cook, $45 and found;
restaurant cook, $9 week ; boarding-house
waiter and house man, $25 and found; hotel
waiter, country. $25 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT. & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT_W.~D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st.......
Swiss milker $.15
German boarding-house waiter ..$25
Walter for. institution...: $20
Brick burners ..¦...". $2 60 a day
. Pruner for vineyard .". . $">8
for milk route.. ........... ;..$30
ANDRE 1 Si Office, ; 316 Stockton St.— Walter,
small place, $7 a week; dishwasher for club,
$10; kitchen hand, ?30; cook, $0 a week; sec-
ond cook, $65; lunch cook, $30; gardener and
: -help Indoors, $35. 'etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
._. 2__bellboys,^clty hotels.
MASTER Barbers— All barber shops close Feb-
ruary 22 (Washington's birthday) at 12
o clock noon and keep open until 11 p. m.
the day .previous. ¦ .
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Arply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
WANTED— Young man who has had experiencs
in running an electrical lever elevator. Ap-
ply between *'and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Experienced dress goods salesman.
gPPly .between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age business old-established house; bona-flde
weekly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
with all - expenses from headquarters ; money
advanced for. expenses. Manager, 339-Caxton
building. Chicago.
"WANTED — An ¦ office boy about 16 years of
age;, must write a good" hand and have had
. -some '-'office experience.. Address box 3973.
Call ofrir-fl.
PARTNER in manufacturing business: whole-
sale and retail: stock for invoice price; large
profits: incoming partner tend place/ Par-
tlculars 257 Fourth st., near Folsom.
FOR sal?— Newly ] furnished 4-chalr barber
shop; finest fixtures; best locat.cn; rent only
?20; must sell on account of leaving city;
only ?3P0. box .'J0G7. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS men's tallor~and~cutt~»r with |
rmell - capital: excellent business opening.
_Inquirejit JtEISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
TOUNG man, about IS to 20, who has had~ex-
pertence In otflce work, for shipping clerk;
-state age, experience, etc. Box u974, Call.
YOUNG man wanted. Enterprise Lunch
kitchen. City Hall Market. Market st., op-
- pcslte Seventh. >.-.
EASY: chance to .'make money: best preposi-
tion on the market: $2 to 810 easily earned
dally; Investigate. 003 Market st., room 1.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted. . 130
; Sansome st... roqm 7.
'BARBER wanted Saturday; : 10c shop. 803
'__Kearny St.
A— STEADY man with' ?D0 cash can make $75
month. Apply. 200, Kearny st., room 1.
WANTED— Shlpjoiners. Apply atlllsdon fron
-. \vorks' offlce, corner of Fols<om and. Steuart.
WANTED — Second cook at New AVashington
__Hotel._ 3S4 Fourth" st.
THE Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company 13
ready to contract with desirable men to intro-
duce their New Intermediate Policy through-
oat the 'Pacific Coast; liberal contract and
good territory * Apply Intermediate Depart-
ment, Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Co. Pa-
clflc Mutual bid?., cor. Sacramento & Mont.
•WANTED — Recruits for the "marine • corps, U.
. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character,, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further- information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San "Francisco. ;. /.--:
WANTED — Men. to learn barber trade; eight
weeks: tools donated; situation guaranteed;
.catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
"WANTED — Laborers and 'mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
"runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per nlght:,$l-to $2 per week.
WANTED— Honest man with $2*50; tend cash,
restaurant: $50 month and board; no experl-
ence ; snap; , come quick. BROWN. 1221 Mkt.
WANTED — Experienced, .reliable German as
driver for, bakery wagon: good wages; state
. references. , Box 3952, Call office."
WANTED — Flrst-cla6s steward ' at the Palace
of Art. 16 Post st.
ATTENTION— Ex- vol. soldiers, for extra pay
apply at 630 Market St.. O. E. HOWE.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. "- Call
I or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.-
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
SOc up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. ,8. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
,\ big: Past Com. Geo. H. Thoma* Post, O.A.R.
SAILORS/ ordinary, for ships for all parts Uf
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to 50c. .563 Mission st.,ibet. J 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ; 563 Mission . St., ¦ bet. 1st and 2d sts,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket —^200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms •
¦. free ' bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
:. received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call' advertisements and
subscriptions , has been .' established at 1006
: Valendast. • .
HORSES AXp;WAGOXS.
A LOT of - horses for • sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; also . buggies, wagons
harness, etc. : auctton sales every Wednesday
. at 11 a. m., JOHN J: DOYLE. Auctioneer, v
" FOR sale— Gentle, stylish riding horse 14U
hands, - dark < color; also gentle riding and
¦ driving .. Indian ". pony; cheap. Santa Clara
-Stables, 164 Golden Gate ave.
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold;. new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market st.y corner Eleventh.
HORSE and phaeton for sale: fine gentle liorse
for - family, driving.' - 1000 Geary st. .
AN , A No. . 1 express wagon, - single: also light
. camping wagon for sale cheap, j 532 1 Mission.
FOR sale— 1376 Eddy, St.; stylish single-footing
saddle, horse. 1 .; '. ' ,-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call"
- I" pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
. . 't -;. ¦ . - . . : houses : .to * let. 7
A— PRINTED list housesito let; send for cir-
><:¦ cular.-> Q: H.'.UMBSEN, & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
MISSION.". 2723— House of .7, sunny rooms; new
;-¦ plumbing;. large basement and yard.
: HOUS ES i TO * LET IN Jpi EDMONT^
.ToTeMnorXm^mhs^Th^^
2 baths: recently built; artistically furnished -
on car line. Address R. A: , BRAY - 220 Clay
'-* .¦ st.;* San. Francisco. ."—".- : .; ¦¦?.¦-, ¦.¦¦¦..:, ¦ .- , - ,
: HYGIENIC HAIR ':.. TREATMENT. ,';
LADIES :' and gentlemen, this Interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
, by; applying to MR.": and 'MRS. HARTLAND.
¦ room 30,:13fl Post.st., Liebes building. t : -..
BUILDING," ; loft • or .' room, '•„ with ; water "power
and steam for laundry. Box 3924, Call." 'Continued From Page Eleven.
COMfflERCIAL NEWS
Pensioners Will >. Draw.- Monthly.
¦\'At . -a '.^pecJal," meeting of the Board of
Fire '-¦ Pension'' Fund I Commissioners - held
yesterday it f was -decided' to -pay^the-pen
sioners >: monthly ¦¦ -\ hereafter, instead * of
quarterly,: as' has been;the custom hereto
fbraL.';V.-; : ": ; " : • ,» a. :'. -•;' ' /" ;' • "_- ¦ , - - . ;-; |: j. " •"
¦ CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS. ' • ¦
tf FRIDAY,': Feb. 14— 4 p.* m.:
¦..•; v -' -,", -Bld.'Ask. :_. .-:¦.¦ :;:¦¦ ,Bid:As^
Andes;.'....;. — -06 Justice....... O8.-;12
Alta •<....'.'... 04 ,00 Julia ........ ¦ 04
Alpha-...'.....' 03 : 04 Kentuck" :01* 02
Belcher .:."... "06 ;07 Mexican ...... .31 '32
Beet & Belch: 24 ; 26 Overman •..:.. 06 s 08
Bullion... .... ;02 .03 Ophir ...:.;.., 86 87
Con C&Va.l 25.1 30 Occidental ."...10 11
Chollar .:...'.V.O9'," 10 Potosi.;. ...... 11 12
Confidence'..: -) 66 ¦ 61 Savage \ ... . . -v07 '-jO8
Caledonia ¦..-.; -26 ; . -27 Seg Belcber.. 02 •' 04
Challenge ... 16 18 Silver Hill...-. 6» ?70
Crown^Point.C 06;, 07 Standard- ....3 20 ' —
Exchequer ....' — ..,• 02 Sierra Nev..; .15 16
GouM.& Cur.: 12 14 Utah J.. ..:.;, 02 03
Hale & Norc: 30 31 Union :......; 20 21
Imperial.-.. ..;;v01 02 Yellow Jacket ; 15 16
BONDS.
N Pac C fis.109 : — S P BrCal6s.l39 — -
N Cal R 5s.ll2^ - S V Wat 6s.ll4 114%
Oak Gas- 5s. 114 — ¦ , Do- 4s \ • 102% —
Oak Trn. 68.122 Do 4s 3dm. 101% _
Do 1st c Bslll 112 Stkn Gas 6s 102U —
Oak W,G 6s. — ,103% 3s qr. coup.. 108 J4 109
.- - ' WATER STOCKS. • '
.Contra Costa 73% 74" -Port Costa.. 63'4 68
Marln CO .;.. 69 — Spring" Val.. %~% 88 -
; " " .. GAS"A^D ELECTRIG
Cent L & P. ' 2--' 5 v'Pac Light... 44 —
Eqt G L Co. S : - 3% Sac E G&RC 24 26
Mutual .. .•.'.^-^'•.'J.4% S!F-^G &'E..-45 ' 45%
O G L & H, 52 -..-. — -5an Fran..-..: 6V4 6
Pac G Imp. 39 S 39}4 Stktn G-& E S ' —
\ ' INSURANCE. \
Flrem's Fnd. —. 275 ,/;.-'¦
-¦) -:"*" 1 .--" •-.-¦ /-•" BANKS.",,"" '
Anglo-Cal ..80 ' % V & "A.i*.'.Jl66 —
California -.420. -v Mer Ex;(liq) 18W -^— .
Cal Safe. DRvll5%116 . ¦ S F Nationl . 137 Vi —
l?lrst.Natnl..325,, 35O--"--' •' ¦- -
" .": : . r. ..SAVINGS. BANKS.
German .'..1950 — "Sav,* Loan.'— 100
Humboldt 1**** .— Sedtirity. Sav.303' 350 "
Mutual Sav..:65- • 80 ¦ Union Trust. — 2200
S F gav.U.:512%' — ¦'¦' : ' "
: ' ;" : ..STREET RAILROADS.
California .. . .— •. 172% l-Market .....'— 00%
Geary ...... -^- CO I Presidio .... S3 45
.: POWDER;*
Giant 78% 7?%Jvigorlt — '4%
. . ' ;-" : ' .'-aUGAR.-.' '..;. ...
Hana ........ 3% . 4- iKUauea .... 9% 10
Hawaiian ..37% — -" ..jMakawell .. 26% 27%
Honokaa, ... 11% 12% Onomea ....-23 24%
Hutchlnson . 14 — Paauhau ... 12 12%
• MISCELLANEOUS. • " ' • .
Alaska Pack.l64\4164% Pac A F A. — ' 3%
Cal Friilt "As. 97% — Fae • C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine "As. 99%100%' Par Paint ..16 —
Oceanic r S Co' 36% ,40. ." .
... t- • - Morning. Session; . j
Board — ' • ¦. ! *•', ' . ¦ . '
2 California -Fruit Canners ..;.... 07 50
¦ 10 Contra Costa Water 74 00 ,
100 Equitable Gas 3 25
10 Giant Powder Con '. 79 00
100 Hana Plantation Co...... s DO"
30 Hawaiian * Com' 1.' and. Sugar. .... 38 00
'80 Honokaa S Co. 12 00
: SO Hutchinson S PCo, 1412%
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s. ."...':..... 123 00
¦ 1» Sacramento Elec, Gas and Ry.. 25 00
65 S F Gas and Elec Co. .'. ......;'.. 46 00
$2000 S P Cal 1st cons 6s (stamped).. Ill 00
35 S V Water, s 15. :...... •.... 87 75
"" ;^ Afternoon" Session. .,:
¦ . " Boar.l — -.¦¦¦".¦ ¦ .
10 Giant Powder, Con.*. ............. .79 00
$1000 North' n Ry of Cal 6s:...... 111 25
$2000 S P of Arizona (1910) ..113 75.:
$1000 SP Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). . .111 00 -
$5000 S P of Cal 6s (1912) ....122 00
. 60 S V Water, s 15. ..'... ."..'. .:.... 87 M
$3000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage), cash... . .101 87%
Street— . .
1 5 Giant Powder Con. . ... I .......';. 79 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
i Morning Session.
: Board —
.400 Four 53
100 Home ............................ 3 00 ¦
200 Home, s 90.. ..... ..-.-.: 3 90
2500 Monarch of Arizona. .;. 1 is
100 Monte Cristo ..................... 1 37%.
100 Monte Cristo.s 90......: '.....' 1 35
500 Occidental of W.Va. .;............ 17 -. ,
3500 • Petroleum Center,' ='b 60.. "..... ¦ 06 '
500 Petroleum Center..: yg
, . ; ¦ . '¦'.¦" Afternoon Session. .... "
Board —
100 Home 3 90
100 Junction .......:.........'... ; 19
60 Thirty-three ...... .\ .:.... , 7 75 ,
.- >¦'¦ . MINING STOCKS.
Following the ! sales in the San" Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange . Board yesterday: ...
. .' . . . . Morning Session.'; . ...
200 Chollar ".'..... .10 500 Overman. .... 07
.100 Con Cal, & V.I 25 1000 Potosi ....... 11
,200 Mexican ..... 31 400 Savage ...... 08
200 Ophir .......,'87 , 100 Sierra Nev. .. 13
700 Overman; .... 08 :800 Silver; Hill... P 70
; "¦¦.-.•., . Afternoon Session. .!
800 Best & Belch. 25i; 100 Overman .... 07.
300 Chollar r. ...... 09 100 Potosi ; n
200 Hale & Norc. 30 500 Silver Hill... 70
200 Occidental v.'.'.:' ; -;10 . 500 Utah ........; ,03
Following .were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:; . •, , '¦¦¦.¦
: . ; . ¦ Morning Session. .
'200 Alta -.....'.... 05 800 Ophlr ''¦ -87
800 Besf& Belch. 1 25 200. Ophlr :.;..."*¦.' 86
200 Chollar . .'.-. . . 10 200 Ophir . ........ 85
100 Con C & V.I 27% 200 Overman- 08
800 Gould & C?ur. 13 500 Savage ...../; 08
'200. Hale & Norc. 28 200-Slerra Nev... 14
500 Hale & Norc. 29 .200 Silver Hill. .....69
" 200 Mexican. -.'. ...-. 32 ¦: ¦¦¦:.--. .> -¦ %
: - Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch.. 26 300 Potosi ... ' ¦-' H
100 Caledonia .... : 26 500 Savage . . . . .' .' 08
100 Con C & V.I 27% ; 200 Sierra Nev.".. 14
300 Mexican ..'..'.*- 31 -200 Silver Hill.. . 70
200 Occidental ..; ; 10 200 Silver. HIM... -71
.200 Ophlr -...,... 86 200 Silver . Hill... v 60
1 > HIrschfelder & Meariey, (owners) with Thomas
Butcher ' (contractor), • architect Clinton - Day?—
Excavating.*. brick,* granite and > iron .work for
warehouse > and shed . on » NW ' corner of . Twen
tieth and " Bryant •. streets. .N..100' by W 80;
$4R40.-^- ' , .•¦>-.•:- " : '•=¦' •¦¦ ¦-¦ v :¦, r.i, . .
, J - J ¦ Dlgnan > (owner) with Elston Bros, (con
tractors).'architects Rousseau & Son — AU work
except painting plumbing.' tiling.' art class, pic
ture molding, center. pieces.: arch brackets.. man. 1
tftla. ;, eu . fixtures and ' shades for a two-ston-
¦ Hoyghton ? Sawyer . (owner) .with • F.'j L. ;' Han
sen (contractor), plans by owner; — All'workfor
a three-story: and basement frame * apartment
house,* on E line of Jones street. 65 N -of Sut
ter. NSaby-E' 68:9; $7860.'. *.; , ,
: John ¦ Courtney -(owner) with C. A: Ingerson
and C "A.*; Gore (contractors), 1 architect none—
All- work fori a ! one-story ! . brick buildlriB:,- on
SE line of: City -Hall avenue, 175 . NE : of City
Hall square. ,NE 25 by 100: $1200. ,.-
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) -with Williajn
F. = WUpon ' Company = (contractors), ! architect
Nathaniel- Blaisdell— Steam- heating and steam
piping, jcoverlnsr, pipes and boiler, etc.; for a
six-story and ¦• basement brick building, " on ' S
line ofEddy: street, 1 137:6 W of Mason, W^55
by S 137:6; $2229. ,. " ¦ : •
.---. Hawaiian - Fertilizer ;• Company (limited)
(owners) with Thomas Thomson -{contractor),
architect Julius.* H. ".-¦• Smith— AU - work for
wharf and shed on lots 34 and 35. block. 68.
Butchers' -Reservation: $11,700.
Charles > Berxlund *' (owner) . with Anios > Dan -
nefelser '(contractor), architect none— AH- work
except gas ¦ fixtures, . mantels,' electric I work and
shades for a" one-story and attic frame cottage.*
commencing ¦ 588 N-from-NE corner of Nevada
and Wisconsin streets, :N 26 by E 100; $1750.
"William J. O'Connells (owner) with Edward
Ginley (contractor), plans . by owner— AH work
except gas fixtures, shades,, mantels, water and
gas service and grading for a two-story frame
building, < on- E line of First 'avenue, 28:4Vi S
of Clay street, S 25 by 101:2; $2700.
Same- owner>,wlth Eastman : Bros.' (contrac
tors), architect same — Plumbing,- gaa and water
piping, sewering : and tiling • for same on' same;
$4690. v ' ." ..' '¦- ¦¦¦.'¦ ¦'¦•"•• ¦ -, ...
Same owner, with Charles F. Sheahan (con
tractor)i ¦, architect sam&r- Painting, staining,
training . ; and varnishing for . same : on same;
$2105. .i!iw»swfep«aw«i8a5«5i(a65*»'» '• ¦¦ = . ..--¦¦¦
¦ Sperry Flour Company (owners) with George
Goodman ' (contractor), ... : architect -Nathaniel
Blaisdell — Excavation,- timber,', .foundations,
wrought Iron tires and anchors, 'concrete work,
pumping, granite, curbing, cementing and as
phalting for ' office ¦ building ¦ and <¦ warehouse
building, on NE'llne Of Spear street, 183:4 SE
of Mission, SE 45:10 by NB 275; $11,500. --rtV->
. Mrs. Rose Levy (owner) with Robert' Trost
(contractor). • architects , Salfleld & Kojilberg —
Excavation, brick and carpenter • work, hard
ware, -tinning, - glazing and ' plastering for a
two-story and. basement frame building on lot
on S line of Jackson street. 192:6 E of Steiner,
E 27:6 by S 127:8%: $5460. ¦ , -.">,..
P. G. " Somps ; (owner) with Fred Miller (con
tractor), architect E. J. Vogel — Carpenter work,'
tinning. • roof, ' glass, plastering/, electric work,
wiring, hardware, : no - plate glass • for stores.
for a three-story frame building (ten flats. and
five stores) on > NW ;. corner of ! Mission and
Twenty-second streets. N 112. W 250:9, S 59:5,
E 125, S 36:10. E-125; $28.83a •¦¦."• .
Same owner with M. Buzzlnl Jr. (contractor),
architect . same — Concrete cementing, patent
stone and iron doors for same -.on same; $4724 |
W. J. Carlln (owner), with . Josepli Bucher
(contractor) t *arcljltects Kollotrath '& Deane;—
Alt work except plumbing and painting for a
frame cottage, on block 202. : H. : A. 245, on N
line of Seventeenth (W of- . Douglass, 2"45-. N of
Seventeenth, N 27 by W 136); $1835.- -.' ...
- H. Labell (owner) with Val Franz (contrac
tor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer— All work for
alterations-' and additions,- except ; plumbing,
painting, electrical work, . mantels, gas fixtures
and shades; to make a three-story basement and
attic: frame building (three . flats), on.E line of
Octavia street, 95 N of Post, N-55 by E .82:6;
$5680. ' : .' ¦' . - ' S . ' . :
Peter 'F. Goodwin (owner) with White Bros,
(contractors), tarchltects Martens c& Coffey — All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, -painting,
graining, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for
a two-story, f rame. build ing, .on. N line of-Fred
erick street. 96:10% W of : qiayton, W-25 by
N 110; $5400. • : •
" D. L. Randolph and Sampson Tarns (owners)
with Healy, Tlbbitts & Co: (contractors); archlr
tects" Meyer & O'Brien — Furnishing and driving
plies for foundation of a four-story and base
ment of brick building on lot on SW line of
Spear street. 183:4 SE of Market, SE 78:10
by SW 137:6; $65 73. ¦ »; :
1 Anna,- Alice C, George -E. and Frank -B.
Knlppenberg (owners) with Mager & Conrad
(contractors), architects Henry Geilfuss & Son
— Excavation, brick,' ¦ concrete, carpenter, mill
and stair work, plastering, glazing and hard-,
ware for a three-story , frame- building, con
crete foundation (three flats) on lot' on SE
corner of Waller and- Pierce streets, -S 90 by
E 30; $7568.. ' ~ - _ ...
Same owners with H. Williamson Company
(contractors), architects same — Plumbing, gas
flttlng and sewering for. same on same; $1202.
I Elizabeth Buckley (owner) with Joe Bucher
(contractor), architects Salfleld & ¦. Kohlberg —
All work except plumbing, gasflttlng, painting,
electrical. work, tiling and mantels for a three
etory frame building with basement on lot on
NW corner of McAllister and Buchanan streets,
N 56:9 by W 72; $12,700. v. ...
¦ Same -owner with. Henry Hufschmldt. (con
tractor), architects same-7-Plumblng.. gasflt
tlng and sewers for same on. same; $2282.
j ¦ Same owner with Gust .Frlcke > (contractor),
architects same — Painting and tinting /.for same
on same; $1050. :{>".'. . - • i- "• - ;
¦ Sommer & Kaufmann \ (owners) with Moller
& Sasa • (contractors), —architects 'William
Mooser & Son — Remodeling of store . and front
of building on lot on E line of Kearny street,
between Post and Geary. 26 Kearny : . $1150. :
Builders'' Contracts.
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al.(by
G.' H. Umbsen, referee) toOrville D. Baldwin,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth and Michigan
streets. E 100 by -N 400; $700. • .
Same to same/ lot on NE corner of Tulare and
New York streets. E 100 by N 400; $1300.
Same to same, lot on' N\V corner of ' Marin
and Virginia streets, W 100 by N 400 ; $1850.
Same to same, .lot on NE corner of Marln and
Ohio streets, E 200 by N 200; $925.
-. George F. Lyon to • George Thistleton and
Loula Levy, lot I on E line of Twenty-seventh
avenue 150 N- of Point Lobos - ' avenue, E
132:914, NW 50:3%. W 127:7. S 50; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John Curtln, un
divided M, of lot on SW corner of O and
Eighteenth streets. W 240. S 206:0. E to point.
N 219:8; $10. , :¦¦•. .-¦¦.¦¦ , ; ' .."
Estate of John or William Duncan (minor)
(by Annie J. Kelly, ; guardian) to Delevan B.
Bowley lots 136 and 138 r Gift Map 1; $600.
William and C. T. Nlcol to Bernard Smith,
lot on SW corner of St. Mary's avenue and
Marsily street, NW 81, SW 125, SE 64. N 127.
block 2,'De Boom Tract; $10. . - . -'
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al. (by
G H. Umbsen. referee) to Henry G. W.Dln
kelsplel, lots 864 and 3G6. Gift. Map. 3; $130.
Margaret Gray (widow) to James R. and
Charles R. Gray/ lot on SW line of Sickles
street, 31 SE of Wyoming. SE CO by SW 105,
block 8. Sears subdivision West End.^Iay 2;
B Allen H. Piper et: al. vs. Ella Doll et al. .(by
G Hi Umbsen; referee) to Julius Newman; lot
on 8 line of Bush street, 114:6- E of Franklin.
E 25 by S 120; $4050.- , ,. ' T •¦„
Julia O'Connor (widow) to Julia L. Kava
nagh lot onN line of Vallejo street, 172:6 E
of Webster. E 27:6 by N 137:6; gift.
¦ Sarah' and . Joseph " A. ' Cianclarulo and Mary
A. Arena to Sarah . Cjanciarulo; lot-on W line
of Devisadero street, 112:6 N of Haight, N 23
by W 112:6; Kift. "*¦¦ r -,. *¦:.••*; ¦->¦ r ¦ ¦¦
' John A. end Belle Hoots to L. H. Sly, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 208:9 "W of Broderick,
W 25 by N 107:6; $10. ,. .:••• . ' >
John Coop and James W. Smith to Lawrence
F. and Jennie S, Walsh, lot on W line of Bel
vedere street. 35:9 S of Waller, S. 25 by W 100;
$.10
Jeremiah. Crowley to. John J. Crowley.'lot on
N^llne of Clara" street. 100 SW of Fifth,' SW
25 by NW 80; gift. ¦
Jemima McD. and .William F. Smith, Eliza
J. Kennedy and Mary E; Hughes to Edward
McDevitt, lot on Sline of Turk street, 107:0
W of Leavenworth. W 30 by: S 87:6^$10. '.
Clayton B. Wilson to Mercantile Trust Com
pany of ¦ San Francisco, lot bn'Nff line of
Welsb/street, 130 NE of Fourth, SE 20 by NW
62:6; $10. ; ¦ .,- .-.-.: . ..-
John .W. Quick to Ernest Al Lackman, lot
on-N line of Waller street, 131:3 E of Pierce.
E 25 byN 137:6; $10. ~ ¦,- , . --
' A. J. Rich to John E.- Hill, lot on S- line of
Valle jo street." 62:6 W of Steiner.- W. 30 by.S
137:6;. $10. l - : " . .
: -, Joseph and Max . J. Brandensteln • (trustees
under will of Albert S. Rose'nbaum, deceased).
Joseph and Jane ".-' Brandensteln. ¦* Samuel; M..
Albert M. and Charles W. 'Rosenbaum and Vir
ginia and ' Julia Strassburger to same, same;
flO. ..-: . .-¦-..... ¦ •-
John E.'. and Margaret ¦ E,-H1H to ' Alice H.
Masten, same; $10. ; " ;
- Solomon or t Sol ¦ Lewis/ Sophia Hirshbaum,
Caroline Foreman and Frances or Fannie "Hess
to Rosa" Lewis' (wid,ow),- lot, on- NW- corner .of
Washington and Laurel- streets, N 255:4%, W
1K7:6, S 127:8%,E 25..S U27:8V4, E 112:6; $10.
John Gllfoy to Leonie Gilfoy (wife),- undi
vided one-half of lot on S 'line of Seventeenth
street, 210 E oftNoe. E 25 by S 114; gift.-
William M. and Alice Bunker to Goran and
Augusta A. Bergstrom, lot on- W-. line of Eu
reka street, 75 S of Nineteenth,' S - 37 by W
ifichael Dolan ¦ to Robert E. Dolan, : - lot on
SW, corner of ~ Twenty-sixth and Diamond
streets, W 80 by.S 68; gift. ¦ :
EmilioL, Clara M.- and Laura M. Dorris.to
Matthew Kavanagh, lot on NW corner of Cali
fornia and Dupont streets, N 117:10, W 137:6,
S 20:4, E 25, 8 97:6, E 112:6; $10 -
Arthur G. . and Lydia B. Fisk and Flora E.
Wertheimer to Mrs. Lizzie Fox lot on E line
of. Powell street. 32 N of "Washington, N 25:0,
E 49:2, N 2:6, E2:10, 8 28 W 62; $10
Amelia B. Sherman. Harry S.' and Lizzie K.
Dana (Sherman) to. Joseph G. Demlng, lot ou
N line of Turk street, 84:2 W" of Taylor, ,W
28:4, N 112:6, E 25, S 25. E 3:4,S 87:0; $10. -
. Hopkins .Investment Company to A. AV. Wil
son, lot on N line of. Turk street ,137:6 W of
Jones, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $16,500. -
A. "W. and Rose Wilson to D.- S. Dorn.-same;
$10. : ¦.;-. -,- '- !-.;•:• ¦¦:.- ¦ ".-.:¦ -- ¦
Union Trust Company of 'San -Francisco and
JV F. D. ' Curtis (executors estate of Amelia
V. R. Pixley) toVA.K.,Daggett. lot onE line
of Steiner - street, 75 S " of Union, S 25 by E
93:9;.?1250. . ... 4
•City and County, of San Francisco to Eliza
beth L.: S. Hooker, s. lot " on ' SE. corner of Ellis
and Laguna streets, E 137:6 by S 120; '%-—.'
'¦'Edmund C. 'Burr to. Anna B.' Burr^wlfe),
lotr on ,'Ni line of iVallejo - street," 82:6 E of
Gough,=E 91:2-by N 137:6;gUt. • ,.
¦ Mart In : Fennell ¦ to same,' .' lot ; on : N ; lin« of
Filbert street, 166:8 E of Franklin, E 33:4' by
N'.137:6; ; ?10. •';>>.' % : ";-,- :C* •'?¦;""." '-" ..'I' V
, .Hibcrnia Savings arid ¦ Loan Society to .'Alexf
ander J.- 'Forbes,'*:, lot "¦ on . S lirJe * 'of Greec wlch
street,'. 166': S Epf Franklin, E 33:4 by. S 137:6;
$1400.'' -•.':•"..-. ¦' ¦- T ,-•'•••-". ¦¦"¦ -'¦' ¦}.¦¦ ';.•£•':•¦
ItEAL , ESTATE * THANSACTI0NS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY; FEBRUARY 15, • 1902.
; NEW WEST]
F T Collins, Iowa
J Warneke, Nebr
C L Green, Cal .
J | Carnn, Denver
L. C Davis, Los Ang -
J Aronson, Kink City
Dr I R Ballow, Bing
hamton: ¦
J Kisch, Seattle -.
F T Evans, Portland
F Wendt, Lbs Angeles
L M Smith, Los Ang
HOTEL ARUIVAIiSw
:RN HOTEIa
T. W Pldnore. Napa
T O Stevenson & fy,
Rlordon, Wis
P N Tramm, & fy, Wla
P Tramm & fy, Wis
J M Gilbert & w.
. • Seattle .
M R Sims & w. Seattle
T Caldeon, Sacto
S McWhlrt, Or .
H C Macy. Ind . :
Peter J.. Mary C. and Jane C. Flnley fown
ers) with Carl N. P. *Ahljrren (contractor), ar
chitect Charles J.- I. Devlin— All -work except
painting for a two-Btory attic and basement
frame building on E line of Franklin ftreet,
27:6 S of r ValleJo,' S 27;6 by E 92:10%; $6733.
Watson & Watson (a corporation) (owners)
with Cook & Young (contractors), architect Al
bert Sutton — All work except plumbing, sras fit
ting, sewering, painting. ¦ elevator and heating
for a five-story apartment house on NE corner
of Bush and Powell streets. N 68:6 by E 67:6;
$30.900. . .
A. W. Wilson (owner) with Duffey Bros,
(contractors). . architects William Mooser &
Son — Sewering, . gas fitting and plumbing and
fixtures for a elx-story ¦ and basement brick
building- on N line of Turk street. 6»;9 W.of
Hyde. W 68 by N 68; $5650.- v .
Mrs. Fannie Buckland (owner) . with Ludwl?
Koenlg- (contractor), plans by owner — All work
for a two-story frame building on W line of
Seventh avenue, 100 S of A street, W 120 by
S 25;. $3075.
Same owner with Allen & Looney (contrac
tors), architects rame — Plumbing for same on
same; $650. -. *.'••
and basement frame building (flats). on E line
of Cole street,, W5 N : of . Frederick, N'25 by E
125. W. A. 678; 34859. - .. ..
13
OCEAK TRAVEL . .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, L^ '¦¦*>¦ • Steamers leave Broadway
QL..' Wharf, San Francisco:
K?taj«ftw For Ketchikan. Juneau.
ifflaJd^W^ Ekagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
leVl&Sf£& m- Feb. B. 10. 15, 20. 23.
E^'9h9^83 March 2. Chans* ta com.
I F«J*r^«*4a pany's steamers at Seattle.
WM^ffl For Victoria. Vancouver.
*>¦ p O rt Townsend. Seattle, Taeo-
/^^•H rna.- Everett. New Whatcom—
II a.' nu Feb.- 6. 10. 16. 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at SeatUe or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
¦ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Feb 1, 9 11,' 16, .21. '26. March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara -Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An.
cteles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays ,'9i a. m.
Steamer State ot Cal.. Wednesdays. » a. m.
' :For Los.Angeles. calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey.- San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
neme,' East. San Pedro, San Pedro and.'New-
port (*Bonita«.only).' : . -¦• ¦«' .*••._
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Feb. 3, 11 10 27. # March 7
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 7. 15. 23. .larch 3.
8 For Knsenkda,. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mes.)— 10 a. n>.. 7th of each
month. ¦ ¦
For further information obtain folder.-
Right is reserved to change steamers or satl-
Ine dates.' ~" = - .
TICKKT CFFTCE — ? New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelV- ¦•
GOODALL. PKRKINS &'. CO.. Gen. Agents.
v - 10 Market «t.. San Franctsco.
O R Sfi TV. CO,
Only Stoamshlp Xjine to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor*- Rail line from Portland to all
points Eaut. Through Ticket* to all
point-*. •»•' r^" »»» Rtenm«h!r> nn^ rail, at
, IiOVITEST RATES.
£TE \MEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH ani MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
.' Feb. 12, 22; Mar. 4. 14. 21
SS.* GEO. W..ELDRR Sail
Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 9. 10. 2&
Steamer nails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
,D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. 3. F
TOYO KISBN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First nnd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. . No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.
: ...'..¦. .......Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
....Friday. March 21st. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU -
'. . Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
Round-trip I tickets.- at -reduced rates: For
freight and passage apply »t company's office,
421 Market street. - corner First..- *m — . .¦
W. H. AVERT. General /Agent;
PACIFIC STEAM;NAVIGAT!ON GO.
And Cia M Americana do Vapors;
' To* Valparaiso, ." stopping at Mexican. ' Central
and South American ports.' Sailing- from How-
ard 3. Dier '10. 12 m. ' . '
GUATEMALA'.: Feb. 18'. SANTIAGO
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEL...
These steamers are bullf expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SIS- California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R,kS
TO NEW - YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. .
S. S.Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. la
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
" From ' Howard-street wharf at 2 p.m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 . Market st.
: F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Axent. .
UC£OI!!L5.5.V4! S Z"LANO axd SYDNEY
Vyvmn»V»v»vv9 DISECrtlME TO TAHITI
SS.' ALAMEDA.- for .Honolulu.-. .....:
-. i •;.... i ;";;.... Saturday. Feb. 15. '02, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, -for Tahiti, about Feb. 19.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
. .land and Sydney.. Thurs., Feb. 27, 10 a. m.
i. D. SP3ECXELS & BROS. CO., fianerai Agents.- 327 Harfcsi St
Gen'l Pauengar QfScs, E43 Market St., Pier lo. 7. PaciSs St
i AMBRICANLINE. ;
. NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
. From New York Wednesdays at 10. a. m.
St. Paul .. ..Feb. 19 Philadelphia .'.Mar. .5
St. Louis....... Feb. 26St. Paul .Man 12
RED STAR LINE.
•-NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford ..^..Feb.' lOJSouthwark. ....Mar. 3
Frlesland ... ..Feb. 26lVadertand .....Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
COKPAQNIB SENESltl TRAN3ATLANTIQUJ
DIRECT' LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -j*^
Ealling every Thursday, Instead of <«N?m
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, taAHesa
North River, foot of Marton street. ¦
First class to Havre,* $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 82 Broadway ) (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 1 6 Montgomery avenue, ¦ San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND B.IVEB STEAMEBS.
FoFuT^SniAvT^RQ AND^ALLEJO
•Steamon GEN. FRISBIB'or MONTICELLr
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 0:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. ' Sunday. 7 «. m., 4:15 p. m. Faro 60
cents. • Telephone • Main 1608. Landing and'
office, - pier • 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
,BROB.\ ¦:.. ¦¦¦ ¦: ¦- 4 . -. . -¦ :
y RAILWAY TBAVJEiL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Ferry ,-
Commencing September 29, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
; • - AND SAN RAFAEL.
'. WEEK DAYS— 6:55.. 8:30. »d:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. 'OaS, 6:45. p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley . and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. v
SUNDAYS— *8:00,.*10:00, *ll:30 a. m., »1:15.
3:15 *4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p.,m. ;. ... ¦;•
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN ¦ RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:2T. 7:45. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.; »12:25. 2:15. »3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
,' EXTRA' TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. ¦ -. ¦ ¦
- SUNDAYS— 6:15.^8:00, *10:00, . 11:45 a. m.,
•l:40, a »3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p.m. . .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a.- m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p: m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on -Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . • -, .
-' SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15,
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. , ' '1' " i 'mBTCQElnliBO
:¦-.-. THROUGH '.TRAINS.-
: 6:55 'a. m. - week days — Cazadero and way.
stations.' \ -•",-;-"'-:'" ••'• ¦ :
.':1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. • . . '.". -:, . :
;: 8:00' a." m. 1 Sundays— Duncan. Mills and way
stations. ¦¦ ¦ •' ' ... ¦ • ' . ¦ ' ' .
¦ .Legal Holiday boats and-, trains will run on
Sunday time. ' - . '-6^^^Mft»BBiB
Wf ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS - •
Pr/cbs:'/feas6nab/e^fffg^
107 POWELL ST.NiA«ELL!S«f 5OS6
ROOMS AXD HOARD.' V ;j ;
iil-.hti;i Hi, '1YS Turk — Sunny. Uoiit rounir;
" Fiect.ic listtt: hot nnd cold water; .modern;.
lirsi-claFs board; reasonable; phone South -SI..). :
iLAMBOURNK. 420 Eddy— High clacs hotel; fur.
suites or single; board'cptlonal; steam heat.
CROCKER. The7 9I"> . Leavenworth— Sunny
inu.; ein. nnd tuites; grounil flivl tennis ctt.
EDDTT. G2«. The lrvingdale— Sunny euU»«;
large double and single rooms from $21 «0 up.'
ELL1E. 101S— Exceptionally " w.ell -furnished
Bunny rooms, with excellen^ board; private.
JOHNSON. The. COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; gpac+ous grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA. CIS Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terma re&sonaole.
CALIFORNIA. SOT (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rate6.
RUPTURE SAMTARIUM. L
RUPTURE^CURE— TREATMENT FREE..
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1200
Market 6t.. rooms 5 and 0; new system. .
special xoTicEs;;' : ; :
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECT!^
CO.. 4lS Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 6580.
SEWISG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates ; • phone Howard 3264. .145 6th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, rc-
palrtng; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4th.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.,: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BF.KINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. . ;
! PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
j pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone • Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BAROAINS IN TYPEWRITERS~-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
: house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
j Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :eistimate free. 209 Sansome.
pIVIDEXD NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by I the ! Cali-
¦ fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable on
and after Friday. February 14. 1U02. at the
oHce of the society, Mills building, second
floor, room 28. • ' -. >
CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON.- Secretary.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were -Issued
yesterday: ¦ - ¦ . ¦ . • • •• -
Edward E. Gfrbardt, 20. 563 Third street,
and Frances M. Freeman, 18, 663 Third street.
Eugene A. Hentzel, 23, Oakland, and Iva A.-
Henry. 23. city. . - - ' - • ; . .. ;
Sebastlano Lombard!. 34, S02 Larkin street,
and Candida Stefani. 32, 1905 Pacific avenue.
Lyman F. Hastings, 37, Modesto,' and Stella
A. Cornwall, 29, city. • ,. :-..
Char!e« Welz. 24. 604 J4 Third street, and
Henrietta Groennlnger, 22, 611 Valencia street.
Christen P. Christensen, 22, 2173 Fifteenth
street, and Maud E. Walker, 22. 2173 Fif-
teentn street. ¦ -
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices cent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be' handed
In at either of the , publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0BN.
CAHN— In this city, February 11. 1902, to the
-wife of M. L. Cahn (nee Kutz), a son. •• • ¦'
N1CHOLL6— In this city. February _, 1902,
to the wife of Thomas H. Nicholls, a son.
PAIN — In this city. February 12, 1802. to. the
wife of W. B. Pain, a son. •
WEGENER— In this, city, February 11, 1902,
to the wife of George N. Wegener, a son.
WILLCUTT— In Frultvale. February 13, 1902,
to the wife of H. V. Wlllcutt. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BOWEN— HINDMAN— In this city, February
12, 1902, at the Stewart Memorial Second U.
P. Church, by the. Rev. W. E. Dugan,' Char-
lie Luther Bowen and LUlle Mae Hindman,
both of San Francisco. " ., ¦ :
DIED. , V
Bendlxsen, H. D. •• •" 'Heaney,- 'Minnie J."
Buckley, Gertrude Henrici. Mrs. J. R.
—Burns, Julia ' - - " - Holmes,' Mary E._' '. '¦
Carlson, Edward Jones, Wlnneld S.
Chaae, Henry A. . Kahman, . Lloyd *• • -.
Churchman. Joseph. Klein. Max . .
. Clancy, Patrick Kramer, Bertha
Cooney, John P. Mayberry, Elmer E.
Dethlefsen, Edward Markle. Charles H.
Dodds, - DavldS. Moresl, John D. -¦-
; Dovey, Rose F. ' " ' Mosebach, F, C - *
Duryea, Henry Murphy, John J. ' ;
rhitchler, Georce Regan, Thomas
: . Fitzgerald, Michael Schlott, Oswald H,
Folsom. George T. Speck, Andrew M. '.'
' t Foster, Mary E. • Sprung, Ruby. - v
Ghlrardelll, Louis Turner, Cant. John '
Giustl. Adele White, Mrs. Isabella
Hansen. Carrie Wilbert. Margaret ¦ -
Hatton. Annie C. Willestun. Adoniram
1 Haughton. Eliza F. __ ;.
BENDIXSEN— In Eureka, February 12, 1902,
H. D. Bendixsen, beloved husband of Emma
1 Bendixsen, a native of Thlsted, Denmark,
axed 59 years. ¦
; BUCKLEY — In this city, February 13, 1902.
• Gertrude ' Mary, dearly beloved - daughter of
P. A. and Lizzie Buckley, and loving sister
J of Raymond J., Evelyn F. and Mabel E.
I Buckley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 10 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 10:30. o'clock, at her
parents' residence, 923 Filbert street, thence
1 to Holy Cross Cemetery for • interment.
Please omit flowers. " ,
J BURNS— In this city. February 14, 1902, Julia,
I beloved sister of Hueh, Owen. Joseph -and
John Burns and the late Mrs... Mary^Schmltt.
• a native of County Monagban, Ireland, aged
27 years. - v
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the .resi-
dence of her brother, Joseph Burns, 3039
Twenty-second street, "thence to St. Peter's
Church for services at. 1 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery. •:¦:
CARLSON— In this city, . February 13, 1902,
Edward, beloved husband of Harriette Carl-
eon, and father of Dr. C. Hadley Carlson
and Ferd W. Carlson and Mrs. R. V. Rieley,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, . aged C9
years. . . < ¦¦¦..¦ '.¦'¦¦¦¦¦
E7 Friends are Invited to attend the fu-
1 neral services to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, at £20 Post street, under the aus-
. pices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G.
A. R. Interment strictly private. -
' CHASF— In this city, February 13. 1902, Henry
A. Chase, beloved father of Fred H. Chase,
" and beloved brother of Louise M. Chase of
; Baltimore, , Md., a native of Baltimore, Md.,
.aged 67 yeara 2 months and 18 days. Past
great sachem and member .of Manzanita
; Tribe No. 4. I. O. R. M.; past noble grand
and member of Laurel Grove No. 17. U. A.
O. D. ; a member of Exempt Fire Company;
¦ a member of Hartnagle Chapter, U. A. O.
> . D. ; a member of San Francisco Typographi-
cal Union No. -.21; a member of American
Eagle Lodge No. 2204, K. of H.; a member
of San Francisco Castle No. 2, K. G. B.
K7-FrJends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the above-named lodges and members
of eister lodges are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at ¦ 2
o'clock, from Red ' Men's Hall. 320 Post
street, where funeral services will' be held
under ¦ the auspices of the Great Council of
California, Improved Order of Red Men. Re-
> 1 mains at the funeral parlors of the Gantner
• & GunU Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
; ==================
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. •
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher) '
• ¦¦¦¦- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
¦ FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
; 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
, - Telephone Eouth 80. .
: Mt Olivet Cemetery,
; SAN BRUNO HILLS. '-'
OFFXE 916 MARKET STREET.
I . V* V • ' .- 9. HENDERSON. Manager.: •
i JAMBS McGINN,
: Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
- I JNEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. .
Samuel McFadien. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
.years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral . Par- .
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephon* South 44. .
I REMOVED!
medlars bros..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
EES. to Tli and 228 McAllister st: (For-
tn*rlv nt :sl 1-M«1>- «f T»t. South 3SJ.1 - '¦.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
¦ On and after- Feb. 22, 1902, ¦ we' will 'occupy
OUIi OWN. BUILDING at 1000. Mission st.;-'
bet. 15th and ltit«i. TELEPHONE MISSION
1OU. . CHA6. - H. J. TRUMAN ,& CO.. I'uneral
Directors and Embalmers. ; r"*%RSBBm
REAL KSTATF. — CITV — F< * R S r AI '. ! !': I"
WAS^E?WTo"7iiirphs>eT Jits north of Broad- j.
way and rn er.y street most of \r.n J\e»8e\e. j
to the Presidio reservation, call on \i..j. •
Gl'NX. fi'O Caiifcrni.1 ft. __¦ •';
AlTTr^eaTa^T'rurch^r can be found for a j
residence in the district bounded in A an 1 (
N-ess sve. en the east. Lyon ur l'-"^ 13 '" "¦* 1
Joseph ST RAi:n. rke ; co^ cp stockton> .
i. .- Telephone Grant :17T.
Real Estate m ;
Rents collected. '¦ -'"¦'' : - i
11AVE you a let to exchange for corner lot.
C3xlOSl on Alcatra; ave., block from fian
Pablo ave.. Golden Gate. Oakland; close to
Kchoolhousc"' and station; value $9OO; Trlllpajr
JoOO to ?1000 cash difference. I* H.
¦MOISE, 220 Sansome Et. •
fl^O FOR sale business corner grocery with
f. living rooms and etable: 8-room flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton ct. ' - - ¦ ¦¦ -
»1GOO— BARGAIN ; handsome flats; choice loca-
* tlon; Mission warm belt. Owner. 3972. Call.
A' WEEK'S news lor 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 cage*, in wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
HEAL ESTATE— COtfXTRV—-For Sale
£AV MATEO — Good land cheap; one-acre lots,
!J-acre lots: city blocks at acre prices: In
Redwood City, 3 minutes' -walk from am de-
pct and Courthouse; rich, deep eoll; great
Obks: improved avenue; prettiest offering on
peninsula: double track; all trains stop; best
property for least money: don't wait: come,
iee U!. WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY. C34 Market Bt.. and San Jose.
. -FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO ¦
Small tracts, $60 to *O0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 Calif ornla St.. for
pamphlets and Information. >.' ~ -¦
PROFTTA SLE orar.ge. lemon, peach and prune
lands ti sell: right locality: ble money; easy
peymems. HEALT * CARR. « Eddy st. |
VE have several fine fruit ranchei to exchange
for city or Oakland property. HEALY &
CARR. 6 Eddy St.. 8. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send j
etamp for free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma. j
CHEAPEST and best in America — The -Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
.United States or Canada one year for |L
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY KEAJ_ ESTATE.
$5000— HOUSE. 12 rooms: stable; near unl-
verslty. ; ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery 6t. .
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL, ESTATE. ¦
j N lunuaralleled opportunity: 200x130 feet. cor.
"wilaon ave. and Hopkins St.: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
.tage of 6 rooms; etable. chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from 6. F\: rent $35 a month; price $4090.
Apply J. R- FREUD, Mills building:, or H.
A. PLEITNER. rrultvale Station. j - -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
7 NEW homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all first clasi;
Merrtaae or Twenty-eighth st.. between Tel-
?•graph ave. and Grove at.; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
E. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAND ROOJIS. - ~ r ' :
TO responsible couple or a elngl» gentleman.
large sunny parlor, furnished as a bedroom.
2 bay-window s and grates; also single sunny
rooms. Apply 641. Nineteenth. St.. Oakland.
OA^AAD^URXITjroj^
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh tt.. Oakland.
ltOOMf. FOB. HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and 60lar flats. C25 and r.31 Turk st;
first-class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL, --Sites- 1773 -Market — Front - parlor suit
¦vrlth kitchen and gas range; rent $20.
ELLIS. 1162 — Elegant parlor suit with kitchen;
every convenience; private. ' "
HOWARD, 1063—2 eunny connecting; conv
pletely fur. hskpg. rms. ; raage; run. -water.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front basement BUlte. |18;
aiso rear suite, yard, laundry, $14.
LAP.KIX, 901, corner Geary — Two *unny front
rooms and kitchen.
11ISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished hoasekeeplng
rooms; no children.
OAK, 119 — One eunny basement room; fur-
nished for housekeeping; stove | storage; $6.
BCTTER, S23B — Elegantly ¦ furnished ¦ sunny
suites; coal or gaa; phone; eingle rooms.
TWELFTH, 12. near Market — 1 or 2 bedrooms
with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 23 — 2 Bunny housekeeping rooms;
no children.
TWENTY-THIRD, 8726, near Dolores— Three
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat and
complete. • •• • . ¦
Virginia, 1005 Powell— 2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH clflca for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti
Valencia St. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fan, and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant.
eunny; grill attached; 75o day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per sight; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— Small room for gentle-
man;. running water and closet; $1 20 week.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. - 1364>— Fur-
nlEhed rms., suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
CHELSEA, 6, off Bush, near Powell— One large
euncy room, suitable for 2. furnished or un-
furEished; also glrtgle room. . . *; J
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
fumlrted tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 316— Eleeantly furnished sunny front
;ooin; refined couple or two gentlemen; every
convenience.
EDDY. 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished attic for studio.
EDINBURGH. 329 Powell, cor. Geary— Loea,
tion most central; large well-furnished suites
and single front rooms as offices; modern lm-
provements; electric llxht, etc.
8 *, 321 < Mozar t>— Nicely furnished rooms.
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
ELLIS, 41S, The Pierpont — Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished room.
$1 per week. . .. .-
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 3C3. bet. Powell and Mason— Elegant
k suite, beautiful furnishings, for offices or llv-
%*. ing rooms.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed eulies and eingle; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a Quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit,single;elevat.
GRANT, 245 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; rets.
KEARNY. 34. and- 47 Post — Office or eunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
§ JONES, 402 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
mofiern conveniences; central location. ¦
MARTINET, lTci Geary — Handsome suites;
private, baths; newly furnished singln rooms.
NATOMA; 217— Near Third, eingle or double,
one large front room. • "
NEW ARLINGTON. 3015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OTARREIX, 20 — Supny furnished rooms and
cf flees; elevator; elec. lights: day. week. mo.
POST, £35— Large, tfunny furnished room; 1 or
2 jrer.ts; references. ' ¦ " • '
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 £0; week, 12
to $K; month. $8 to $30; elevator on grouna
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ETEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Penis. 24 Turk et.. . -
6TOCKTON, 332 — Nice eunny suites and einele
rooms; bath; phone. ' .
. EUTTER. ,1003 — Sunny well furnished -corns.
I en* suite or single, for gentlemen. . ¦ . ' .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
vubsciiptibns has been esteablished at lojii ¦
Valencia et_
JIORESI— In this city, February 11,-1002,' John
D.; dearly beloved husband. of Aurelia-- Mo- \
;'resi, and father of Adele Moresf, and brother
. ot\,Mrs.' J.' Reall, Mrs. . G. , Petralll and: Jo-
' ; -Keph Mores), a' na0ve". of Switzerland, aged
. "53 years 1 month", and/ 14 days. : ..•;,.*
¦' (n?*Frlends and ; acquaintances are respect-
-fully invited ' to' attend -funeral services af
San Jose.' Cal.'. ¦ February '16, .1002, at 1:30
.- o'clock, -at hl» late!: residence, .78 "Devlne
% street. | Notice—^Please omit flowers. • • '
MOSEBACH— In this city. February . 14,- 1002, , ,
• ' F. 'C. '.'Mosebach.^ beloved husband, of Lydia
S "A. ' Mosfebachi father of F. C- Mosebach Jr.;.
• "and. : brother Mrs. ' Dorothy Petersen . and
; "William,; Henry and Zettie^Mossbach. ,
MURPHY— In -this - city," February 14,' : 1902,
• John J., beloved father of .Morris J. Murphy
. : and Mrs.' A. A. Whitfleld.a native of County
¦ :Cor!c,. Ireland. - : ' - .' "¦ .'••:,*-
¦- ; (CTFriends and acnuaintances are respect-
'¦'•? fully Invited to- attend the. funeral- to-morrow
(Sunday)."'- at: 12 : SO o'clock. : from / his -late
' residence, • C32 Natoma - Rtreet. 5 Services ¦ -at
.St. ' Joseph's Church... Tenth :, street. :. at. 1
o'clock. Intermsftt Holy Cross Cemetery," by
carriage. Requiem high mass will be cele-
brated Monday, at 9 o'clock, - for the repose
¦-' of -his .soul. -.-. ¦./({•.:¦¦-•..• ¦ :..-,•¦.-
REG AN— In this '. city. February 14," 1902,
s. Thomas Regan, a, native, of -County Roscom-
mon, Ireland; aged 75 years. -; ¦¦-,%'. .-
SCHLOTT — In . this -. city, February 12, .1902,
Oswald H. J. Schlott. 1 a native; of Flensburg,
' Schleswig-Holsteln, Germany, aged 30 years.
(ETFriends and ' acquaintances ¦ are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock. '¦ from the parlors
; of.Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. ¦ Inter-
-' ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
..funeral car from Eighteenth and-.Guerrero
* streets. . ¦ ¦ -•¦¦'.• .-.'},- ;.vj . .;. : ., -':<'¦ ••¦
SPECK— In Tucson, r Ariz.. February 12; 1902,
¦ Andrew Meyer Speck, .beloved son of the late
'John. Henry add. Sarah Ann Speck, ani
brother of John Henry, D. : Mason, George
. A., G. Boyd, Jennie and Bertha Speck and
Carrie G. Scott, av native of Pennsylanla,
, age-1 36 years and 4 months.' (Lebanon, Pa.,
' papers please copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. '
TURNER— In "¦ this ' city, February .- 12, 1902,
Captain John Turner (navigator), dearly be-
loved husband of the •: late Sarah Campbell
•¦" Turner, father of Alice and Lillian B. Tur- 1
¦ ner, and son- in-law; of .Thomas and Cather-
ine Campbell/ a native of Massachusetts,
aged 56, years 7 months and 29 days.
: i IC.The funeral will take place Sunday,
February 16, under the auspices of James A.
Garfleld Post No. 34, G. A. R., of which de-
ceased was a member. . Services will be held
5 at 2 o'clock, at Post room. Alcazar building.
¦ Interment National . Cemetery, Presidio.
BPRUNG-^-In ' this! '¦ city,' February 14,Vl902,'
Ruby, beloved daughter' of -Hiram and Mary
¦¦; Ann 'Sprunsr,. and , sister . of -'Hiram,-. Mabel,
I Frederick, .Walter, Ray and Milton Sprung,
' a native of San Francisco, aged: 22 years.
WHITE — In. this city, February 14, 1902 Mrs
Isabella M. White. - wife of. the late W. S.
White, pioneer ¦ of 1849/ beloved mother of
Mrs. WelllnsTton. Greg*. Lambert and Robert
.' W. .White, a native of .'Alabama, i aged- 71
years 'and 9 '. -inonths.'- (Sacramento ypapers
/please copy.) -¦¦'¦ ;.- ..¦¦U;- i ' - ... . ¦ -. — : .
-' (DrThe-.funeral.-will : take place at the par-
lors of Clark &- Booth, 1013 -Fourth street,
1 Sacramento. February. 16,' at 3:30 o'clock.
i Remains at ¦ the • parlors ; of Halsted" & Co.,
¦948 Mission-- street. -.«v ," ;V.\ •¦ ¦ '. •-."
WILBERT— In thisi city,- February 14, 1902,
.'Margaret, beloved wife of 'Valentine P. Wil-
;bett,- mother of Fleet S.'and Elizabeth Wll-
; bert, and sister of ¦Mrs.'-FleetF. Strother, a
native of Ireland. • ¦• ¦ ;:•
WILLESTUN— At .Fabiola Hospital, February
. :14, 1902, • Adonlram Willestun, aged 70 years.
V. CARD OF THANKS. •
Mrs. Lizzie ..Schmidj; . and members, of the
family wish to express to their friends and
acquaintances their sincere thanks for their
kindness In their sad bereavement.
: '. sion street. ¦ between ; Eighth ' and ' X Inth,'. un-
til. Sunday at J>.o'cloel{. •:-.... ..•.:'•-; ?-^'
.GHUKCh'maK— In this ' citj% February 12.
) r"li»C2. 'Jotefth'ti. Churchman, a native of -1111-
; note, : ared 1 . 52 years. ! t!,
ICT'FrlenOB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the ' funeral services
at Ventura Sunday, February 16, ¦1902,: at 10
o'clock, at the:Chrietian Church, under the
at-B.iices of the Masons. -.: Interment .'at. Ven-
; tura. .Ventura County. Cal. ./-¦.--•.'
CLANCY— In - this city. February 13,' 1P02.
Patrick, beloved husband of Hanna Clancy,
and father of Mrs. J. H. O'Brien and" Denis,
Margaret - a"nd Nellie : Clancy, . a native: of
County Cork; Ireland, ' aged 64 years 7
> months and 13 days. A 'member of Harmony
Lodge No. 9; A. O. U. \V., and' Court Bonlta
No. 43. F. O. A. ¦. •.¦¦-:•'•- '.",.¦. '
" ¦¦' ¦'CT'Frlends and. acquaintances are Tespect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), at 12 o'clock.' from • his late resl-
.• dence, i 2842 Folaom * etreet; ' thence- to - St.
g Peter's Church for eervicea at . 12 :30o; clock.
" Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. : A requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the v repose
. of his soul at St. Peter's Church Monday,
February 17, at d o'clock.- • ,. : • .'. .5 •
COURT BONITA No. 43, F. of A.— Dear Sirs
and'- Brothers: Tou.are hereby notified to
assemble at your hall. Twrenty-fourth ¦" and
Folsom streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 11:30
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral .; of" our
late brother, Patrick' Clancy. A fine of $1
. for non-attendance will be. strictly. enforced.
By ' order of "'
CHARLES A. WILSON,' Cl'R.
D. O'CALLAGHAN. Fin. Sec.
COONEY-r-Jn this city, February, K. 1902.
John P., beloved hueband of Louise Coonejr,
and father "of Gladys and Frank Cooney, and
beloved son of Mrs. M. Cooney and the late
Daniel Cooney, and brother of : Daniel; .'An-
drew, Frank and William Cooney and: Mrs.
L. Juzlx and Mrs. M. J. ' Cloney, a native
" of San Francisco, ! - aged 35 years 9 months
and 5 day3. (Massachusetts papers please
copy.)* . . . ;
ityFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully lnvlte<l to attend the funerar to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of fcis brother-In-rlaw, Mr. Almeron Gres»,
22SVi Eighth street, thence to the • French
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
, Cemetery. - - - • •
DETHLEFSEN — In this city. February 13.
"1902, Edward F, Dethlefsen, beloved infant
eon ot Fred and Katie Dethlefsen,' anil
brother of Thomas A. and Francis H. Deth-
lefsen,' a native of San '¦ Francisco, aged 3
months ajid 20 days. . • . ' .
¦ (E?"Friehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
- February 16, ' 1902, at 2 o'clock,, from the
residence , .of the parents, 1410 Devlsadero
'Mreet. " Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . :.
DODDS— In this city, February 14, .1902, Da-
vid S. Dodds, beloved son of Helen Dodds, a
native of j Glrvan. Scotland, aged 56 years 10
months and 17 days. .A member of Lakota
Lodge No. 52, I. O. O. F.;tof Lakota, North
Dakota. . % . . . • - - ... .. : . • ¦
DOVEY— Iii this city, -February' "13. 1902,
Rose Fern, beloved daujthter of William and
"Rose Dovey, and sister of Dr. .W. R. and
Alice. Dovey, a native of Nevada,-, aged . 16
. years .8 months and. 20 days. * * ¦••-. ¦¦ -. ,
. Cy Friends .are .respectfully invited to at-
tend the. 'funeral to-day .(Saturday), at
10:30 o'clock, from her late, residence, HOB
j Hayes street. Interment strictly private. _
DURYEA— In this, city, "February 14,. 1902,
' Henry, eldest and dearly belov'ed son of Wal-
ter and Julia Duryea. and devoted brother
of Mrs. Ralph Evans and Isabelle. ,, Ora,
' Earl. * Julia, 1 Gladys,' Goidie,"' Margaret and
Marjorie . Duryea. a' natlye' of Sacramento,
aged; 17 years 5 months and 26 days. (Mer-
ced and. Auburn papers please copy.) .- • \. ¦ . •
• IC7" Services will be held to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the family- resi-
dence, 112 Alabama street, between * Slx-
' teenth and Seventeenth.'^ Interment -private.
-Cypress Lawn Cemetery. 'by electric funeral
car from Fourteenth and Kolsom Btreets; • .
DUTCHLER— In Oakland. February 14," 1902.
George,' dearly beloved - husband ofBarbary
Dutchler, and father of George and Bernard
Dutchler, a native of Switzerland, aeed 66
. years. . .', . , . . '
FITZGERALD— In Grass .Valley, CaU Febru-
ary 12. 1902." Mi«iael, beloved husband of
Mrs.' B. Fitzgerald, father of Richard . J.,
Johanna, Emmet, Catherine, Marsraret* ¦ Ed-
ward - and Frances Fitzgerald, Mrs. John
O'Neill and Mrs. William U. Bowen. of San
Franciaco, and brother- of - Mrs. M. .Quill
" and Mrs. J. Bresnan, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 6(5 years. - ' ' * :
FOSTER— In this city, February 14, 1902. Mary
B., beloved wife of William Foster, ¦ mother
of P. Jl Gray, Mrs.' Jame's E.- Power, Mm.
J. Brooks and . William and Mary Foster,
and sister of P. V., George, Edward, Wil-
liam.. Thomas and Joseph Barrett and Mrs.
! A_ Kelley, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
61 years 1 month -and 22 days. ¦ ; - \ - '
• ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tQ-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her '•'son,- P." J. Gray,- 3763 Seventeenth
street, thence ; to St. James Church for ser-
vices at 1:30 o'clock. Interment" Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' ' ' .' . . . '. . ....¦..-:
FOLSOM — In. this* city. February 14, 1902,
George Thorndike. Folsom. .-a native of -New
York City, aged 69 years '4- months and 24
days.' • • ••.• ¦¦¦ - ¦¦¦.-.•¦-• ' '. ' & ¦ ' '¦¦
C7Funeral services to-morrow (Sunday), at
• ;2. o'clock.— at."*is late 7 1001 .Pine
street.' Interment "private. ¦-...":•
GHIRARDELLI — In Oakland. February 14,
1802,. .Louis- Ghlrardelll, beloved husband of
Johanna Leerlar Gblrardelll, and brother of
Domingo, Joseph and Eugene Ghlrardelll and
Mrs. Charles Sutton and Mrs. Chris Jorgen-
sen. a : natlve of- San 'Francisco, aged 44' years
2 months and 13 day«.;;- "
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 16, 1902. at 1 o'clock,- at
his late residence, 1147,. Poplar street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
GIUSTI— In this city. February- 13, 1902,
Adele, dearly beloved, wife of Alfonso Giustl,
and loving mother Of Mrs. Ida Cervelll, Mrs.
Lizzie Solary and Alfonso Giustl Jr., a na-
tive of Florence, Italy, aged 69 years 1 7
months and 23 days. ,'
|E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 16, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, from the
¦ undertaking parlors of ' Valente, Marini &
Co., 1624 Stockton street. ¦" ! Interment New
- Italian Cemetery. :
HANSEN — In this city, . February- 13, 1902,
Carrie Hansen, -beloved . sister ot Jens Han-
Ben and the late Christine Hansen, a native
of . Denmark, aged 32 years 1 month and 9
. days. • -
. (cy-Frlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect*
I fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street. • In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
HATTON — In this city IT February 14, 1902,
Annie C. H&ttoiv daughter of Margaret . B.
Duff, a native of Pennsylvania, ' aged 43
years. (Harrisburg, Pa^ papers please copy.)
. C7"Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
February 15, 1902, at 4 o'clock, from Charles
J. B Metzler's j undertaking parlors. 636
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ¦ .' ¦ ¦ .
HAUGHTON— In Golden Gate. Cal.. February
13, Eliza F., relict of the late James H.
Haughton, and mother of E. H. Haughton
.and Mrs. A. W. HIgson and Mrs. J. A. Mc-
Pherson, a native of. Nantucket, Mass., aged
79 years 1 month and 13 days.
E7Frlends - and "acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1021 Sixty-third street, thence by 12
o'clock creek boat to San Francisco. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car
leaving ferry at 12:40 o'clock.
HEANEY— In this city, at her residence, 844
Twenty-second • ¦• avenue, near ! Point -Lobos,
February 14, 1902, Minnie J., beloved wife of
Frank G. Heaney, /daughter of Mrs. Mary
Dowan, and eister of Sister M. Xaveria, Mrs.
¦J W Heaney, Mrs. Charles Harkins, Mrs.
Charles V. Lynch and Alice M., Thomas and
Roberta E. Dowan. a native of Australia,
aged S5 years and 27 days.
HENRICI— In this city, February 18, 1902,
Mrs. J. R. Henrlci, widow of the late C. H.
Henrlcl, and mother . of ¦ Edith, Use . and
' l Ralph Henrict, a native of Qulncy. 111., aged
''42 years. 5 months and 20 days. (Chicago
papers please copy.) .
L* jpr services and Interment private.
HOLMES— In - this 1 city. February 14. 1902,
Mary Elizabeth,- daughter of Mary J.,~ and
sister of John R. and J. N. Holmes, a na-
• tive of California, aged . 41 years 3 months
¦ "and 1'flayi^tLos Angeles, Cal., papers please
copy.) • ¦¦• ¦ • ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦ • ¦ .
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the. funeral Sun-
: day, at 2 o'clock., from her late residence,
318-.Ritch street. .\ Interment. private. ..
JONES — In this city, February 14, 1902, Win-
field S. Jones, a native of Washington, D. C.
(Washington, D. C, and New York papers
please copy.) • -1 . . • ¦ •- •¦ ••
ICTFuneral services will be held In Grace
• Epiecopal Church, corner. California and
Stockton . streets, on- Sunday, February 16, at
' 2:30 -o'clock. • Interment private. •. .- ¦
KAHMANr— In " this city. ' February 14, 1902,
Lloyd, beloved aon of August and. Emma" G.
Kahman,,and brother of William G.^Rlch-
ard#A. and Ford Kahman. a native of San
Francisco, aged .7 years 3' months and 14
days. ' ' •' ¦ ' /* ' ; » • < '¦*:*¦'. - ' ¦ . ,
• . (^Interment fltrlctlyi private.
KLEIN-^rln this city, February 14. 1902. Max
Klein. ¦.''¦-¦¦;.
KRAMER— In , this city. February . 12, ' 1902.
Bertha, beloved wife of Louis, and mother of
Maurice S. Kramer, . a native . of Qsthelm.
Germanyr- aged 52- yeara 4 months -and • 1%
¦ ¦ days. . ' • ¦ : ¦¦- ¦¦¦ ' •'-.'''•.'• ; '.'¦'-.¦•'. :': '.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited . to attend the funeral - Sunday,
'at. 10- o'clock, < from , her Jate .residence," 1806
: Ellis, street. Interment 'Home • of Peace
¦ Cemetery, 'by. 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend street*.,'.-, ¦. >; - » ; v ¦; .-.
MARKLE-^-In ( this * city. . - 14. 1902,
Charies Herbert, beloved child of Wallace
and Edith Markle. a native of Canada, aged
• 7 years -5 months and 23 days. '., . , .. „ , . . ;-
I MAYBERRY-rln this city, February 14,' -*1902,
Blmer.:E.'' Mayberry, ! 'a native of Brooklyn,
*. N. Y..' aged .48 years. ¦•-, ;v> . ,:
! cyjiemajns .at the. funeral parlors* of H.
¦ F; Maafif. 917 -Mission .street. - ' .-¦ ,'-.'. '
RAILWAY TBA VEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
MAN rilAMIJKI'U.
(Main Lliie. Foot of Mnrket Street.)
LIATE — FROM FEBttCAEV 9, 19C3 — ARBIYB
~:OOa Bnileia, Sulsun. Elmira »od Sacra-
lnrnio.. 8 31?
7:OOa Va<M»iUe. Win ter J, Kimi!».,T 7:33f
J s3« a M»rtii>«», Hum Itaanm. Y*li«ju. N»p«s .
U«H«'<i» a»<) -s.mtji Kim*.. ....... HiSSp
»:O«a IHtN, W .Midland, Kni e hts f.aiidlng.
, MursTllle.OmTllln 7:»Sp
S>OO« Ailantlr Kitiress-Oztloii »iul Kaat H:V3a
,»:«»* Xlles. Ii*throp, Stockton ' * *>a->P
»:«O k Nile*. .Memlot*. Ilanford. Visili»,
roriftrrill* 4i53y
flt3tt* ShMta Kxi>r«ss— Davis, Williams v fur
llartlett SfTines*. Willows. B*l
. -• r.iuir. rortiomL". . t >»a*
»i:in»S»n Jimr, I.iTtjrniorr, Mkiicktnii,
Imie. Htcriiiiii-iitn. ritcrrTltle, • ¦
MtrT«Tili«t, Clile.1. Itwt Wnir li2.Tr
; Ni»i>a <U!iiUi'-. Chiiieso,S<.noi*. 'luolurane % 4:3.1p
»:««* lUywanl. Nili ¦ »ml V.'ay Mutiiim.. 1I:.1.1a
BiOOa Vall.Jo... ,...., IStaSp
UiOUa J/on Ansoles Etpresn — Martlnex. ." :
Tr»cr. l*t»>r»l». rttookton. MrrcrU ;
yroMiwt »tt«l Los Anxoles .......... 7iSS4
Ws3O* V»+lt-).., MartliHMi itn.t \V»y Station* 7i»»F
1 0:0» A TbeOrerlaml IJinlted— OgdeiK L>«o>
- . Ter.Uinaba. Chicago..* »i33p
»l:»M>pHser»iii«iif(>i:i?f>r3tB«ii><ir«. ........ flllOttr
SiOWr llenicia. Winters, Naeramsnto,
Wo.mIIuu.1. Kulkhts I^udilif.
M»ry.Tillr, Orovilla IAiSSa
»:SOr IlavwMtl. Nil. • ni»l W»j Buttons.. 7:33*
- 4. nor M.rtli.er... H»n Kumm, Valtojo.
- ¦ Nn|"» «!»H«LnnK, S«nt» lluu ¦ •¦*•¦»*
4tO»r Nile», Lliermore. Stockton. Lo.U... I 2*3t
4iSt>r lUywanl. Nile*. Naii.l.>»e, LiT.rmorB t9:33A
4iS»pTli« Owl 1 Jmlted '- Fiesno, Tulare,
¦ <:.-. . lUkarsOaUl. Haogus for SanU Uat-
bara, lx)i AiiKeles.. .' ¦:8«1a
S mor Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 *»S3a
BtuOr MartliiT. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
cod. Frei.no 1»*«3*
i:O«r Ha/waiti, Nile* a nil San Josa Ti>V»*
t«:0ttp Vnllejo II»a3*
•iO»r Oriental Uall-Ogrten. Denrer.
. : Oiualia, Bt Louis, Ohiosgfl 4:23p
7iOOi» Orrgou ami California, Kit>mm.Nao-
r>.ni<f»t... Maryd.llla, lti..l.Mn«.
|-i.rt.Uii.l. PiiKot rloiiuit »n.l East SiSSa
S<«3r San Pablo. r.>rt Coata, Martiaex
>>..l Way Htatious »•>*»*
t»:O.tr ValUju itaar
COAST LINE (Sarroir «»n B »).
. (Foot otMntket Street.)
¦sift A Newark.Uanb>Mllle.Han.los«,Ki>ltou,
lioiil<l«rCnek.MautaOruzaudW«y
HUtloii*. »«3«»
t*tl»p Newark, Usntarvlll*. San Ji>««. N«w - -
Almailan, Teltnn. itonlilar Creek, -¦
StnU Cnix and 1'rlncipsl Way
suuons..:.. n»in»A
4tl.tr Newark, Sa» Jose. I^sOato* |S:SOA
«U.3op Uantrn' Train -San Jose and Wajr
- 8tatlon»... t7^«>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS raASCISCO— ?m\ of MtrVet 3tr«et (Slip 8)—
'¦ Vl-.U 3:00 11:00*. U. 1:03 3:J3 B.lSr.M.
rrisOUUIII— fill triiuawa*.— 1«;09 {d;00 J3;0»
10:00a.m. -12:08 3.QQ l:33r.tl.
. COAST L.INE (Brosil Wans*)..
(Thlnl »ml To'Tnsen.l Sta.) .
OiIOa 8an Jose and Way Htatioos. «>-««•*>
7:00a Nmi'Jiim ami Way Statlmia ,. t9>««A
/7i«mu N«w Aliradsn.. / 4fl*T
8:0»a Coast Line Limited — sw Jo«e.
Oilmy. Salinas. Sar. Lnis Obispo.
• ' - Hanta Barbara. Im Aneeles end
principal intermediate sUtioii*.... !•*•»»
, •iOO A H»n Jiiaa. Trea linos. MmiiU i.'rnz.
r»cliic »Jr..««. balinaa. San I-nii * '
• Obispo and Principal intermedia**
.sutii.ns *itor
10i;t0A San Joae and War Htaliona. »:3«»
1 1 i:tl» A 8a» -lima ami Way Skaliou* Ol-lOA
fSlt-iap flan Mateo, ltedwoo<1. Mrnlo Park, .
l'alo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .lima. '
Trei Pioos. Bauta Cnp. Saliuaa.
- - . Mornerr, aii.l raeille (trove |l«t4SA
S:S«r Han Josa and Way Stations. l.»i»r
M:l5p San Joieaitd Principal Way Htgtloiii 3iU0»
4iS«r Sunset Limited— Mondaya, WednM-
dajs. Friday a. for Los Angeles, El
Pmo. New Orleans and New York. -.'¦,¦..
Arrtres Sundays. Tuesdays and
> ¦•:¦-.¦ Thursdays.* l»«iaA
fliOOr S»n Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations l»i«O»
BiUOr San Jose »H(lPriuoip»nV»y. Station* . O:SOp
«ia»p Ban .loir ami War .Stations 7>:i«t
7t00p New Orleaoa Eipre«s — San Luis
Obispo, Santa. Barbara* Loa An-
. (teles. D-miojr. SI Paso, New Or-
leans and E«sk I1:S«*
«lli4Sp8an.lo«»H».l War -Stations 7»—»
A for Meriting. I* for Afternoon,
taun.lay exsanted. t Sunday only.
' tlatarclay oaljr.._ / Tuesdays and TrldafC,
Santa Fe
Tnains-Daiiy.
Leave vtarteet-street Ferry Dcoot.
; : 7i Local llta-Nt Ovrl'd Loc«l-
\ Dally Da »y Dally . Daily
t „ c.r. u>r«n 7-"0al 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 y
•• viaalla 3:30 p. 3:0O a
"¦ mfed «:15p 5:2Op 7.43a .-
'¦ •• TCan-Clty '..:... 2:40a 7:30a .......
~ a ior morning, p tor aiternoon,
9-00 a. m train Is- the CaUfornU Urn-.
Ited carrying; : Palace Sleeplne Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnair Car
runs to Bakersfleld "for accommodation ot
local flrst-class passengers. No MCotd-
c^ass Sts are honored on_thls train: Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
\4-20 p. m. l» Stockton. Merced and
Fresno local. Corresponding train arrives
at 12-30 p- rn. dalll*-^- ¦ ' ¦ ¦
l 8 „• m is the Overland Express, wltb.
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
F?ey Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Bleeper. which cuts out at Fresno.-
Corresponding train arrive* at «:00 p. m.
a. m. i» Bakersfleld Local, stoppln*
mt all polnta In San Joaqum Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
C^flces-e41 Market atreet and 1 In FWry
pepot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway.
CAUFORNIA NOmWESTEEN Rl Cd
SAM' FRANCISCO AMD NORTH -PAClflf
RAILWAY COMPANY. -\ ..
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ot Marfcat SE.
San Franciaco to San Rafael. -
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12X3.
3:30. 6:10. »:30 p. - m. ¦• P' 1^*'?- 1^!?
•trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. »
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3«.'
6:00. 6:20 p. m. .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60^ 9:20.-11:10 a. m. :
12-45. 3:40.-6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:65 and 6;35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
' 6:08. 6:25 p. ta. ' '
Leava I In Effect I ArrlY«
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 19011 San Frandaca
Week |-<Bun- I - - I 8ua- I Wee*
• Days. {days. | Destination [ days. |.X>ays.
7 :30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:06pm 10:23am
6i 10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. T :35pm 8:20pm
Fulton. ¦ M
7:30am Windsor. 10 :25am
. S :00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 8:20pa
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Pklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7. 30am ~ 10:40am 10:25am
V** 1 *™ 8:00am auernerUle. 7:35pm -
8:30pm 6:00pm •:29pm
'7:30am 8:00am ..Sonoma ,9:19am 8:40am
¦ and - .
i 6:10pm 6:00pm Olen Ellen, g :05pm < :20pm
7 :30am I 8:OOan7j • " ' I10:40am|10;25ara
8:30pml 6:00pm[ Sebastopol. t 7:35pm| ft: 20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's TSanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
•Westport. Usal. Willits, Lay tonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's ' Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. EcotU
"to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays' round-trip tickets to all points
beyond 8an Rafael at half rates. ,
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle.
WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
I MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
i Leave • Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve -
' San Fran. Foot of Market St. Sin Fran.
Pill {£^^1111
8-30 a. 8:00a. j*^, u. m „ 1M l.OO p. Ma a.
- : 1:15 p. A - M -^- k * m "^ 7 \ &S5r. ',
F.r«, Sui Tnnti\*n to Samratt tad JUBirn. »10a
' OekttOScH. «tt MA&S2T iTMXT «4 iiUMUIO TZ23.X.
y^Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L%O*ita <>^^ KBABST «T. Kstablished
K*l¥^7i58i ln 1S34 for the treatm«-nt »>f l'rlvi«t«
R if^SfSr Diseases. Lost Mmnbood. Deblilt.r or
H8BMH|dI.<tf m* wearinfon body and niiixi and
rSre^vfcjPHSkln DUenscs. The Doctor cures wi.ea
. fair. Try him. rharsr* low.
l m a r'*Min*' -. r -—~-*~*. c»u 01 wrli*
'. Dr. J. JT. WIUEOS. tiau rraoclrco. Cak .Continued From Page Eleven.
COMfflERCIAL NEWS
Pensioners Will >. Draw.- Monthly.
¦\'At . -a '.^pecJal," meeting of the Board of
Fire '-¦ Pension'' Fund I Commissioners - held
yesterday it f was -decided' to -pay^the-pen
sioners >: monthly ¦¦ -\ hereafter, instead * of
quarterly,: as' has been;the custom hereto
fbraL.';V.-; : ": ; " : • ,» a. :'. -•;' ' /" ;' • "_- ¦ , - - . ;-; |: j. " •"
¦ CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS. ' • ¦
tf FRIDAY,': Feb. 14— 4 p.* m.:
¦..•; v -' -,", -Bld.'Ask. :_. .-:¦.¦ :;:¦¦ ,Bid:As^
Andes;.'....;. — -06 Justice....... O8.-;12
Alta •<....'.'... 04 ,00 Julia ........ ¦ 04
Alpha-...'.....' 03 : 04 Kentuck" :01* 02
Belcher .:."... "06 ;07 Mexican ...... .31 '32
Beet & Belch: 24 ; 26 Overman •..:.. 06 s 08
Bullion... .... ;02 .03 Ophir ...:.;.., 86 87
Con C&Va.l 25.1 30 Occidental ."...10 11
Chollar .:...'.V.O9'," 10 Potosi.;. ...... 11 12
Confidence'..: -) 66 ¦ 61 Savage \ ... . . -v07 '-jO8
Caledonia ¦..-.; -26 ; . -27 Seg Belcber.. 02 •' 04
Challenge ... 16 18 Silver Hill...-. 6» ?70
Crown^Point.C 06;, 07 Standard- ....3 20 ' —
Exchequer ....' — ..,• 02 Sierra Nev..; .15 16
GouM.& Cur.: 12 14 Utah J.. ..:.;, 02 03
Hale & Norc: 30 31 Union :......; 20 21
Imperial.-.. ..;;v01 02 Yellow Jacket ; 15 16
BONDS.
N Pac C fis.109 : — S P BrCal6s.l39 — -
N Cal R 5s.ll2^ - S V Wat 6s.ll4 114%
Oak Gas- 5s. 114 — ¦ , Do- 4s \ • 102% —
Oak Trn. 68.122 Do 4s 3dm. 101% _
Do 1st c Bslll 112 Stkn Gas 6s 102U —
Oak W,G 6s. — ,103% 3s qr. coup.. 108 J4 109
.- - ' WATER STOCKS. • '
.Contra Costa 73% 74" -Port Costa.. 63'4 68
Marln CO .;.. 69 — Spring" Val.. %~% 88 -
; " " .. GAS"A^D ELECTRIG
Cent L & P. ' 2--' 5 v'Pac Light... 44 —
Eqt G L Co. S : - 3% Sac E G&RC 24 26
Mutual .. .•.'.^-^'•.'J.4% S!F-^G &'E..-45 ' 45%
O G L & H, 52 -..-. — -5an Fran..-..: 6V4 6
Pac G Imp. 39 S 39}4 Stktn G-& E S ' —
\ ' INSURANCE. \
Flrem's Fnd. —. 275 ,/;.-'¦
-¦) -:"*" 1 .--" •-.-¦ /-•" BANKS.",,"" '
Anglo-Cal ..80 ' % V & "A.i*.'.Jl66 —
California -.420. -v Mer Ex;(liq) 18W -^— .
Cal Safe. DRvll5%116 . ¦ S F Nationl . 137 Vi —
l?lrst.Natnl..325,, 35O--"--' •' ¦- -
" .": : . r. ..SAVINGS. BANKS.
German .'..1950 — "Sav,* Loan.'— 100
Humboldt 1**** .— Sedtirity. Sav.303' 350 "
Mutual Sav..:65- • 80 ¦ Union Trust. — 2200
S F gav.U.:512%' — ¦'¦' : ' "
: ' ;" : ..STREET RAILROADS.
California .. . .— •. 172% l-Market .....'— 00%
Geary ...... -^- CO I Presidio .... S3 45
.: POWDER;*
Giant 78% 7?%Jvigorlt — '4%
. . ' ;-" : ' .'-aUGAR.-.' '..;. ...
Hana ........ 3% . 4- iKUauea .... 9% 10
Hawaiian ..37% — -" ..jMakawell .. 26% 27%
Honokaa, ... 11% 12% Onomea ....-23 24%
Hutchlnson . 14 — Paauhau ... 12 12%
• MISCELLANEOUS. • " ' • .
Alaska Pack.l64\4164% Pac A F A. — ' 3%
Cal Friilt "As. 97% — Fae • C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine "As. 99%100%' Par Paint ..16 —
Oceanic r S Co' 36% ,40. ." .
... t- • - Morning. Session; . j
Board — ' • ¦. ! *•', ' . ¦ . '
2 California -Fruit Canners ..;.... 07 50
¦ 10 Contra Costa Water 74 00 ,
100 Equitable Gas 3 25
10 Giant Powder Con '. 79 00
100 Hana Plantation Co...... s DO"
30 Hawaiian * Com' 1.' and. Sugar. .... 38 00
'80 Honokaa S Co. 12 00
: SO Hutchinson S PCo, 1412%
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s. ."...':..... 123 00
¦ 1» Sacramento Elec, Gas and Ry.. 25 00
65 S F Gas and Elec Co. .'. ......;'.. 46 00
$2000 S P Cal 1st cons 6s (stamped).. Ill 00
35 S V Water, s 15. :...... •.... 87 75
"" ;^ Afternoon" Session. .,:
¦ . " Boar.l — -.¦¦¦".¦ ¦ .
10 Giant Powder, Con.*. ............. .79 00
$1000 North' n Ry of Cal 6s:...... 111 25
$2000 S P of Arizona (1910) ..113 75.:
$1000 SP Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). . .111 00 -
$5000 S P of Cal 6s (1912) ....122 00
. 60 S V Water, s 15. ..'... ."..'. .:.... 87 M
$3000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage), cash... . .101 87%
Street— . .
1 5 Giant Powder Con. . ... I .......';. 79 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
i Morning Session.
: Board —
.400 Four 53
100 Home ............................ 3 00 ¦
200 Home, s 90.. ..... ..-.-.: 3 90
2500 Monarch of Arizona. .;. 1 is
100 Monte Cristo ..................... 1 37%.
100 Monte Cristo.s 90......: '.....' 1 35
500 Occidental of W.Va. .;............ 17 -. ,
3500 • Petroleum Center,' ='b 60.. "..... ¦ 06 '
500 Petroleum Center..: yg
, . ; ¦ . '¦'.¦" Afternoon Session. .... "
Board —
100 Home 3 90
100 Junction .......:.........'... ; 19
60 Thirty-three ...... .\ .:.... , 7 75 ,
.- >¦'¦ . MINING STOCKS.
Following the ! sales in the San" Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange . Board yesterday: ...
. .' . . . . Morning Session.'; . ...
200 Chollar ".'..... .10 500 Overman. .... 07
.100 Con Cal, & V.I 25 1000 Potosi ....... 11
,200 Mexican ..... 31 400 Savage ...... 08
200 Ophir .......,'87 , 100 Sierra Nev. .. 13
700 Overman; .... 08 :800 Silver; Hill... P 70
; "¦¦.-.•., . Afternoon Session. .!
800 Best & Belch. 25i; 100 Overman .... 07.
300 Chollar r. ...... 09 100 Potosi ; n
200 Hale & Norc. 30 500 Silver Hill... 70
200 Occidental v.'.'.:' ; -;10 . 500 Utah ........; ,03
Following .were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:; . •, , '¦¦¦.¦
: . ; . ¦ Morning Session. .
'200 Alta -.....'.... 05 800 Ophlr ''¦ -87
800 Besf& Belch. 1 25 200. Ophlr :.;..."*¦.' 86
200 Chollar . .'.-. . . 10 200 Ophir . ........ 85
100 Con C & V.I 27% 200 Overman- 08
800 Gould & C?ur. 13 500 Savage ...../; 08
'200. Hale & Norc. 28 200-Slerra Nev... 14
500 Hale & Norc. 29 .200 Silver Hill. .....69
" 200 Mexican. -.'. ...-. 32 ¦: ¦¦¦:.--. .> -¦ %
: - Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch.. 26 300 Potosi ... ' ¦-' H
100 Caledonia .... : 26 500 Savage . . . . .' .' 08
100 Con C & V.I 27% ; 200 Sierra Nev.".. 14
300 Mexican ..'..'.*- 31 -200 Silver Hill.. . 70
200 Occidental ..; ; 10 200 Silver. HIM... -71
.200 Ophlr -...,... 86 200 Silver . Hill... v 60
1 > HIrschfelder & Meariey, (owners) with Thomas
Butcher ' (contractor), • architect Clinton - Day?—
Excavating.*. brick,* granite and > iron .work for
warehouse > and shed . on » NW ' corner of . Twen
tieth and " Bryant •. streets. .N..100' by W 80;
$4R40.-^- ' , .•¦>-.•:- " : '•=¦' •¦¦ ¦-¦ v :¦, r.i, . .
, J - J ¦ Dlgnan > (owner) with Elston Bros, (con
tractors).'architects Rousseau & Son — AU work
except painting plumbing.' tiling.' art class, pic
ture molding, center. pieces.: arch brackets.. man. 1
tftla. ;, eu . fixtures and ' shades for a two-ston-
¦ Hoyghton ? Sawyer . (owner) .with • F.'j L. ;' Han
sen (contractor), plans by owner; — All'workfor
a three-story: and basement frame * apartment
house,* on E line of Jones street. 65 N -of Sut
ter. NSaby-E' 68:9; $7860.'. *.; , ,
: John ¦ Courtney -(owner) with C. A: Ingerson
and C "A.*; Gore (contractors), 1 architect none—
All- work fori a ! one-story ! . brick buildlriB:,- on
SE line of: City -Hall avenue, 175 . NE : of City
Hall square. ,NE 25 by 100: $1200. ,.-
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) -with Williajn
F. = WUpon ' Company = (contractors), ! architect
Nathaniel- Blaisdell— Steam- heating and steam
piping, jcoverlnsr, pipes and boiler, etc.; for a
six-story and ¦• basement brick building, " on ' S
line ofEddy: street, 1 137:6 W of Mason, W^55
by S 137:6; $2229. ,. " ¦ : •
.---. Hawaiian - Fertilizer ;• Company (limited)
(owners) with Thomas Thomson -{contractor),
architect Julius.* H. ".-¦• Smith— AU - work for
wharf and shed on lots 34 and 35. block. 68.
Butchers' -Reservation: $11,700.
Charles > Berxlund *' (owner) . with Anios > Dan -
nefelser '(contractor), architect none— AH- work
except gas ¦ fixtures, . mantels,' electric I work and
shades for a" one-story and attic frame cottage.*
commencing ¦ 588 N-from-NE corner of Nevada
and Wisconsin streets, :N 26 by E 100; $1750.
"William J. O'Connells (owner) with Edward
Ginley (contractor), plans . by owner— AH work
except gas fixtures, shades,, mantels, water and
gas service and grading for a two-story frame
building, < on- E line of First 'avenue, 28:4Vi S
of Clay street, S 25 by 101:2; $2700.
Same- owner>,wlth Eastman : Bros.' (contrac
tors), architect same — Plumbing,- gaa and water
piping, sewering : and tiling • for same on' same;
$4690. v ' ." ..' '¦- ¦¦¦.'¦ ¦'¦•"•• ¦ -, ...
Same owner, with Charles F. Sheahan (con
tractor)i ¦, architect sam&r- Painting, staining,
training . ; and varnishing for . same : on same;
$2105. .i!iw»swfep«aw«i8a5«5i(a65*»'» '• ¦¦ = . ..--¦¦¦
¦ Sperry Flour Company (owners) with George
Goodman ' (contractor), ... : architect -Nathaniel
Blaisdell — Excavation,- timber,', .foundations,
wrought Iron tires and anchors, 'concrete work,
pumping, granite, curbing, cementing and as
phalting for ' office ¦ building ¦ and <¦ warehouse
building, on NE'llne Of Spear street, 183:4 SE
of Mission, SE 45:10 by NB 275; $11,500. --rtV->
. Mrs. Rose Levy (owner) with Robert' Trost
(contractor). • architects , Salfleld & Kojilberg —
Excavation, brick and carpenter • work, hard
ware, -tinning, - glazing and ' plastering for a
two-story and. basement frame building on lot
on S line of Jackson street. 192:6 E of Steiner,
E 27:6 by S 127:8%: $5460. ¦ , -.">,..
P. G. " Somps ; (owner) with Fred Miller (con
tractor), architect E. J. Vogel — Carpenter work,'
tinning. • roof, ' glass, plastering/, electric work,
wiring, hardware, : no - plate glass • for stores.
for a three-story frame building (ten flats. and
five stores) on > NW ;. corner of ! Mission and
Twenty-second streets. N 112. W 250:9, S 59:5,
E 125, S 36:10. E-125; $28.83a •¦¦."• .
Same owner with M. Buzzlnl Jr. (contractor),
architect . same — Concrete cementing, patent
stone and iron doors for same -.on same; $4724 |
W. J. Carlln (owner), with . Josepli Bucher
(contractor) t *arcljltects Kollotrath '& Deane;—
Alt work except plumbing and painting for a
frame cottage, on block 202. : H. : A. 245, on N
line of Seventeenth (W of- . Douglass, 2"45-. N of
Seventeenth, N 27 by W 136); $1835.- -.' ...
- H. Labell (owner) with Val Franz (contrac
tor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer— All work for
alterations-' and additions,- except ; plumbing,
painting, electrical work, . mantels, gas fixtures
and shades; to make a three-story basement and
attic: frame building (three . flats), on.E line of
Octavia street, 95 N of Post, N-55 by E .82:6;
$5680. ' : .' ¦' . - ' S . ' . :
Peter 'F. Goodwin (owner) with White Bros,
(contractors), tarchltects Martens c& Coffey — All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, -painting,
graining, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for
a two-story, f rame. build ing, .on. N line of-Fred
erick street. 96:10% W of : qiayton, W-25 by
N 110; $5400. • : •
" D. L. Randolph and Sampson Tarns (owners)
with Healy, Tlbbitts & Co: (contractors); archlr
tects" Meyer & O'Brien — Furnishing and driving
plies for foundation of a four-story and base
ment of brick building on lot on SW line of
Spear street. 183:4 SE of Market, SE 78:10
by SW 137:6; $65 73. ¦ »; :
1 Anna,- Alice C, George -E. and Frank -B.
Knlppenberg (owners) with Mager & Conrad
(contractors), architects Henry Geilfuss & Son
— Excavation, brick,' ¦ concrete, carpenter, mill
and stair work, plastering, glazing and hard-,
ware for a three-story , frame- building, con
crete foundation (three flats) on lot' on SE
corner of Waller and- Pierce streets, -S 90 by
E 30; $7568.. ' ~ - _ ...
Same owners with H. Williamson Company
(contractors), architects same — Plumbing, gas
flttlng and sewering for. same on same; $1202.
I Elizabeth Buckley (owner) with Joe Bucher
(contractor), architects Salfleld & ¦. Kohlberg —
All work except plumbing, gasflttlng, painting,
electrical. work, tiling and mantels for a three
etory frame building with basement on lot on
NW corner of McAllister and Buchanan streets,
N 56:9 by W 72; $12,700. v. ...
¦ Same -owner with. Henry Hufschmldt. (con
tractor), architects same-7-Plumblng.. gasflt
tlng and sewers for same on. same; $2282.
j ¦ Same owner with Gust .Frlcke > (contractor),
architects same — Painting and tinting /.for same
on same; $1050. :{>".'. . - • i- "• - ;
¦ Sommer & Kaufmann \ (owners) with Moller
& Sasa • (contractors), —architects 'William
Mooser & Son — Remodeling of store . and front
of building on lot on E line of Kearny street,
between Post and Geary. 26 Kearny : . $1150. :
Builders'' Contracts.
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al.(by
G.' H. Umbsen, referee) toOrville D. Baldwin,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth and Michigan
streets. E 100 by -N 400; $700. • .
Same to same/ lot on NE corner of Tulare and
New York streets. E 100 by N 400; $1300.
Same to same, lot on' N\V corner of ' Marin
and Virginia streets, W 100 by N 400 ; $1850.
Same to same, .lot on NE corner of Marln and
Ohio streets, E 200 by N 200; $925.
-. George F. Lyon to • George Thistleton and
Loula Levy, lot I on E line of Twenty-seventh
avenue 150 N- of Point Lobos - ' avenue, E
132:914, NW 50:3%. W 127:7. S 50; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John Curtln, un
divided M, of lot on SW corner of O and
Eighteenth streets. W 240. S 206:0. E to point.
N 219:8; $10. , :¦¦•. .-¦¦.¦¦ , ; ' .."
Estate of John or William Duncan (minor)
(by Annie J. Kelly, ; guardian) to Delevan B.
Bowley lots 136 and 138 r Gift Map 1; $600.
William and C. T. Nlcol to Bernard Smith,
lot on SW corner of St. Mary's avenue and
Marsily street, NW 81, SW 125, SE 64. N 127.
block 2,'De Boom Tract; $10. . - . -'
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al. (by
G H. Umbsen. referee) to Henry G. W.Dln
kelsplel, lots 864 and 3G6. Gift. Map. 3; $130.
Margaret Gray (widow) to James R. and
Charles R. Gray/ lot on SW line of Sickles
street, 31 SE of Wyoming. SE CO by SW 105,
block 8. Sears subdivision West End.^Iay 2;
B Allen H. Piper et: al. vs. Ella Doll et al. .(by
G Hi Umbsen; referee) to Julius Newman; lot
on 8 line of Bush street, 114:6- E of Franklin.
E 25 by S 120; $4050.- , ,. ' T •¦„
Julia O'Connor (widow) to Julia L. Kava
nagh lot onN line of Vallejo street, 172:6 E
of Webster. E 27:6 by N 137:6; gift.
¦ Sarah' and . Joseph " A. ' Cianclarulo and Mary
A. Arena to Sarah . Cjanciarulo; lot-on W line
of Devisadero street, 112:6 N of Haight, N 23
by W 112:6; Kift. "*¦¦ r -,. *¦:.••*; ¦->¦ r ¦ ¦¦
' John A. end Belle Hoots to L. H. Sly, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 208:9 "W of Broderick,
W 25 by N 107:6; $10. ,. .:••• . ' >
John Coop and James W. Smith to Lawrence
F. and Jennie S, Walsh, lot on W line of Bel
vedere street. 35:9 S of Waller, S. 25 by W 100;
$.10
Jeremiah. Crowley to. John J. Crowley.'lot on
N^llne of Clara" street. 100 SW of Fifth,' SW
25 by NW 80; gift. ¦
Jemima McD. and .William F. Smith, Eliza
J. Kennedy and Mary E; Hughes to Edward
McDevitt, lot on Sline of Turk street, 107:0
W of Leavenworth. W 30 by: S 87:6^$10. '.
Clayton B. Wilson to Mercantile Trust Com
pany of ¦ San Francisco, lot bn'Nff line of
Welsb/street, 130 NE of Fourth, SE 20 by NW
62:6; $10. ; ¦ .,- .-.-.: . ..-
John .W. Quick to Ernest Al Lackman, lot
on-N line of Waller street, 131:3 E of Pierce.
E 25 byN 137:6; $10. ~ ¦,- , . --
' A. J. Rich to John E.- Hill, lot on S- line of
Valle jo street." 62:6 W of Steiner.- W. 30 by.S
137:6;. $10. l - : " . .
: -, Joseph and Max . J. Brandensteln • (trustees
under will of Albert S. Rose'nbaum, deceased).
Joseph and Jane ".-' Brandensteln. ¦* Samuel; M..
Albert M. and Charles W. 'Rosenbaum and Vir
ginia and ' Julia Strassburger to same, same;
flO. ..-: . .-¦-..... ¦ •-
John E.'. and Margaret ¦ E,-H1H to ' Alice H.
Masten, same; $10. ; " ;
- Solomon or t Sol ¦ Lewis/ Sophia Hirshbaum,
Caroline Foreman and Frances or Fannie "Hess
to Rosa" Lewis' (wid,ow),- lot, on- NW- corner .of
Washington and Laurel- streets, N 255:4%, W
1K7:6, S 127:8%,E 25..S U27:8V4, E 112:6; $10.
John Gllfoy to Leonie Gilfoy (wife),- undi
vided one-half of lot on S 'line of Seventeenth
street, 210 E oftNoe. E 25 by S 114; gift.-
William M. and Alice Bunker to Goran and
Augusta A. Bergstrom, lot on- W-. line of Eu
reka street, 75 S of Nineteenth,' S - 37 by W
ifichael Dolan ¦ to Robert E. Dolan, : - lot on
SW, corner of ~ Twenty-sixth and Diamond
streets, W 80 by.S 68; gift. ¦ :
EmilioL, Clara M.- and Laura M. Dorris.to
Matthew Kavanagh, lot on NW corner of Cali
fornia and Dupont streets, N 117:10, W 137:6,
S 20:4, E 25, 8 97:6, E 112:6; $10 -
Arthur G. . and Lydia B. Fisk and Flora E.
Wertheimer to Mrs. Lizzie Fox lot on E line
of. Powell street. 32 N of "Washington, N 25:0,
E 49:2, N 2:6, E2:10, 8 28 W 62; $10
Amelia B. Sherman. Harry S.' and Lizzie K.
Dana (Sherman) to. Joseph G. Demlng, lot ou
N line of Turk street, 84:2 W" of Taylor, ,W
28:4, N 112:6, E 25, S 25. E 3:4,S 87:0; $10. -
. Hopkins .Investment Company to A. AV. Wil
son, lot on N line of. Turk street ,137:6 W of
Jones, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $16,500. -
A. "W. and Rose Wilson to D.- S. Dorn.-same;
$10. : ¦.;-. -,- '- !-.;•:• ¦¦:.- ¦ ".-.:¦ -- ¦
Union Trust Company of 'San -Francisco and
JV F. D. ' Curtis (executors estate of Amelia
V. R. Pixley) toVA.K.,Daggett. lot onE line
of Steiner - street, 75 S " of Union, S 25 by E
93:9;.?1250. . ... 4
•City and County, of San Francisco to Eliza
beth L.: S. Hooker, s. lot " on ' SE. corner of Ellis
and Laguna streets, E 137:6 by S 120; '%-—.'
'¦'Edmund C. 'Burr to. Anna B.' Burr^wlfe),
lotr on ,'Ni line of iVallejo - street," 82:6 E of
Gough,=E 91:2-by N 137:6;gUt. • ,.
¦ Mart In : Fennell ¦ to same,' .' lot ; on : N ; lin« of
Filbert street, 166:8 E of Franklin, E 33:4' by
N'.137:6; ; ?10. •';>>.' % : ";-,- :C* •'?¦;""." '-" ..'I' V
, .Hibcrnia Savings arid ¦ Loan Society to .'Alexf
ander J.- 'Forbes,'*:, lot "¦ on . S lirJe * 'of Greec wlch
street,'. 166': S Epf Franklin, E 33:4 by. S 137:6;
$1400.'' -•.':•"..-. ¦' ¦- T ,-•'•••-". ¦¦"¦ -'¦' ¦}.¦¦ ';.•£•':•¦
ItEAL , ESTATE * THANSACTI0NS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY; FEBRUARY 15, • 1902.
; NEW WEST]
F T Collins, Iowa
J Warneke, Nebr
C L Green, Cal .
J | Carnn, Denver
L. C Davis, Los Ang -
J Aronson, Kink City
Dr I R Ballow, Bing
hamton: ¦
J Kisch, Seattle -.
F T Evans, Portland
F Wendt, Lbs Angeles
L M Smith, Los Ang
HOTEL ARUIVAIiSw
:RN HOTEIa
T. W Pldnore. Napa
T O Stevenson & fy,
Rlordon, Wis
P N Tramm, & fy, Wla
P Tramm & fy, Wis
J M Gilbert & w.
. • Seattle .
M R Sims & w. Seattle
T Caldeon, Sacto
S McWhlrt, Or .
H C Macy. Ind . :
Peter J.. Mary C. and Jane C. Flnley fown
ers) with Carl N. P. *Ahljrren (contractor), ar
chitect Charles J.- I. Devlin— All -work except
painting for a two-Btory attic and basement
frame building on E line of Franklin ftreet,
27:6 S of r ValleJo,' S 27;6 by E 92:10%; $6733.
Watson & Watson (a corporation) (owners)
with Cook & Young (contractors), architect Al
bert Sutton — All work except plumbing, sras fit
ting, sewering, painting. ¦ elevator and heating
for a five-story apartment house on NE corner
of Bush and Powell streets. N 68:6 by E 67:6;
$30.900. . .
A. W. Wilson (owner) with Duffey Bros,
(contractors). . architects William Mooser &
Son — Sewering, . gas fitting and plumbing and
fixtures for a elx-story ¦ and basement brick
building- on N line of Turk street. 6»;9 W.of
Hyde. W 68 by N 68; $5650.- v .
Mrs. Fannie Buckland (owner) . with Ludwl?
Koenlg- (contractor), plans by owner — All work
for a two-story frame building on W line of
Seventh avenue, 100 S of A street, W 120 by
S 25;. $3075.
Same owner with Allen & Looney (contrac
tors), architects rame — Plumbing for same on
same; $650. -. *.'••
and basement frame building (flats). on E line
of Cole street,, W5 N : of . Frederick, N'25 by E
125. W. A. 678; 34859. - .. ..
13
OCEAK TRAVEL . .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, L^ '¦¦*>¦ • Steamers leave Broadway
QL..' Wharf, San Francisco:
K?taj«ftw For Ketchikan. Juneau.
ifflaJd^W^ Ekagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
leVl&Sf£& m- Feb. B. 10. 15, 20. 23.
E^'9h9^83 March 2. Chans* ta com.
I F«J*r^«*4a pany's steamers at Seattle.
WM^ffl For Victoria. Vancouver.
*>¦ p O rt Townsend. Seattle, Taeo-
/^^•H rna.- Everett. New Whatcom—
II a.' nu Feb.- 6. 10. 16. 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at SeatUe or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
¦ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Feb 1, 9 11,' 16, .21. '26. March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara -Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An.
cteles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays ,'9i a. m.
Steamer State ot Cal.. Wednesdays. » a. m.
' :For Los.Angeles. calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey.- San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
neme,' East. San Pedro, San Pedro and.'New-
port (*Bonita«.only).' : . -¦• ¦«' .*••._
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Feb. 3, 11 10 27. # March 7
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 7. 15. 23. .larch 3.
8 For Knsenkda,. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mes.)— 10 a. n>.. 7th of each
month. ¦ ¦
For further information obtain folder.-
Right is reserved to change steamers or satl-
Ine dates.' ~" = - .
TICKKT CFFTCE — ? New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelV- ¦•
GOODALL. PKRKINS &'. CO.. Gen. Agents.
v - 10 Market «t.. San Franctsco.
O R Sfi TV. CO,
Only Stoamshlp Xjine to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor*- Rail line from Portland to all
points Eaut. Through Ticket* to all
point-*. •»•' r^" »»» Rtenm«h!r> nn^ rail, at
, IiOVITEST RATES.
£TE \MEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH ani MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
.' Feb. 12, 22; Mar. 4. 14. 21
SS.* GEO. W..ELDRR Sail
Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 9. 10. 2&
Steamer nails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
,D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. 3. F
TOYO KISBN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First nnd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. . No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.
: ...'..¦. .......Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
....Friday. March 21st. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU -
'. . Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
Round-trip I tickets.- at -reduced rates: For
freight and passage apply »t company's office,
421 Market street. - corner First..- *m — . .¦
W. H. AVERT. General /Agent;
PACIFIC STEAM;NAVIGAT!ON GO.
And Cia M Americana do Vapors;
' To* Valparaiso, ." stopping at Mexican. ' Central
and South American ports.' Sailing- from How-
ard 3. Dier '10. 12 m. ' . '
GUATEMALA'.: Feb. 18'. SANTIAGO
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEL...
These steamers are bullf expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SIS- California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R,kS
TO NEW - YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. .
S. S.Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. la
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
" From ' Howard-street wharf at 2 p.m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 . Market st.
: F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Axent. .
UC£OI!!L5.5.V4! S Z"LANO axd SYDNEY
Vyvmn»V»v»vv9 DISECrtlME TO TAHITI
SS.' ALAMEDA.- for .Honolulu.-. .....:
-. i •;.... i ;";;.... Saturday. Feb. 15. '02, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, -for Tahiti, about Feb. 19.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
. .land and Sydney.. Thurs., Feb. 27, 10 a. m.
i. D. SP3ECXELS & BROS. CO., fianerai Agents.- 327 Harfcsi St
Gen'l Pauengar QfScs, E43 Market St., Pier lo. 7. PaciSs St
i AMBRICANLINE. ;
. NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
. From New York Wednesdays at 10. a. m.
St. Paul .. ..Feb. 19 Philadelphia .'.Mar. .5
St. Louis....... Feb. 26St. Paul .Man 12
RED STAR LINE.
•-NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford ..^..Feb.' lOJSouthwark. ....Mar. 3
Frlesland ... ..Feb. 26lVadertand .....Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
COKPAQNIB SENESltl TRAN3ATLANTIQUJ
DIRECT' LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -j*^
Ealling every Thursday, Instead of <«N?m
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, taAHesa
North River, foot of Marton street. ¦
First class to Havre,* $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 82 Broadway ) (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 1 6 Montgomery avenue, ¦ San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND B.IVEB STEAMEBS.
FoFuT^SniAvT^RQ AND^ALLEJO
•Steamon GEN. FRISBIB'or MONTICELLr
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 0:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. ' Sunday. 7 «. m., 4:15 p. m. Faro 60
cents. • Telephone • Main 1608. Landing and'
office, - pier • 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
,BROB.\ ¦:.. ¦¦¦ ¦: ¦- 4 . -. . -¦ :
y RAILWAY TBAVJEiL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Ferry ,-
Commencing September 29, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
; • - AND SAN RAFAEL.
'. WEEK DAYS— 6:55.. 8:30. »d:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. 'OaS, 6:45. p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley . and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. v
SUNDAYS— *8:00,.*10:00, *ll:30 a. m., »1:15.
3:15 *4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p.,m. ;. ... ¦;•
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN ¦ RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:2T. 7:45. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.; »12:25. 2:15. »3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
,' EXTRA' TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. ¦ -. ¦ ¦
- SUNDAYS— 6:15.^8:00, *10:00, . 11:45 a. m.,
•l:40, a »3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p.m. . .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a.- m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p: m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on -Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . • -, .
-' SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15,
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. , ' '1' " i 'mBTCQElnliBO
:¦-.-. THROUGH '.TRAINS.-
: 6:55 'a. m. - week days — Cazadero and way.
stations.' \ -•",-;-"'-:'" ••'• ¦ :
.':1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. • . . '.". -:, . :
;: 8:00' a." m. 1 Sundays— Duncan. Mills and way
stations. ¦¦ ¦ •' ' ... ¦ • ' . ¦ ' ' .
¦ .Legal Holiday boats and-, trains will run on
Sunday time. ' - . '-6^^^Mft»BBiB
Wf ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS - •
Pr/cbs:'/feas6nab/e^fffg^
107 POWELL ST.NiA«ELL!S«f 5OS6
ROOMS AXD HOARD.' V ;j ;
iil-.hti;i Hi, '1YS Turk — Sunny. Uoiit rounir;
" Fiect.ic listtt: hot nnd cold water; .modern;.
lirsi-claFs board; reasonable; phone South -SI..). :
iLAMBOURNK. 420 Eddy— High clacs hotel; fur.
suites or single; board'cptlonal; steam heat.
CROCKER. The7 9I"> . Leavenworth— Sunny
inu.; ein. nnd tuites; grounil flivl tennis ctt.
EDDTT. G2«. The lrvingdale— Sunny euU»«;
large double and single rooms from $21 «0 up.'
ELL1E. 101S— Exceptionally " w.ell -furnished
Bunny rooms, with excellen^ board; private.
JOHNSON. The. COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; gpac+ous grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA. CIS Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terma re&sonaole.
CALIFORNIA. SOT (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rate6.
RUPTURE SAMTARIUM. L
RUPTURE^CURE— TREATMENT FREE..
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1200
Market 6t.. rooms 5 and 0; new system. .
special xoTicEs;;' : ; :
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECT!^
CO.. 4lS Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 6580.
SEWISG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates ; • phone Howard 3264. .145 6th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, rc-
palrtng; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4th.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.,: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BF.KINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. . ;
! PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
j pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone • Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BAROAINS IN TYPEWRITERS~-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
: house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
j Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :eistimate free. 209 Sansome.
pIVIDEXD NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by I the ! Cali-
¦ fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable on
and after Friday. February 14. 1U02. at the
oHce of the society, Mills building, second
floor, room 28. • ' -. >
CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON.- Secretary.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were -Issued
yesterday: ¦ - ¦ . ¦ . • • •• -
Edward E. Gfrbardt, 20. 563 Third street,
and Frances M. Freeman, 18, 663 Third street.
Eugene A. Hentzel, 23, Oakland, and Iva A.-
Henry. 23. city. . - - ' - • ; . .. ;
Sebastlano Lombard!. 34, S02 Larkin street,
and Candida Stefani. 32, 1905 Pacific avenue.
Lyman F. Hastings, 37, Modesto,' and Stella
A. Cornwall, 29, city. • ,. :-..
Char!e« Welz. 24. 604 J4 Third street, and
Henrietta Groennlnger, 22, 611 Valencia street.
Christen P. Christensen, 22, 2173 Fifteenth
street, and Maud E. Walker, 22. 2173 Fif-
teentn street. ¦ -
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices cent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be' handed
In at either of the , publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0BN.
CAHN— In this city, February 11. 1902, to the
-wife of M. L. Cahn (nee Kutz), a son. •• • ¦'
N1CHOLL6— In this city. February _, 1902,
to the wife of Thomas H. Nicholls, a son.
PAIN — In this city. February 12, 1802. to. the
wife of W. B. Pain, a son. •
WEGENER— In this, city, February 11, 1902,
to the wife of George N. Wegener, a son.
WILLCUTT— In Frultvale. February 13, 1902,
to the wife of H. V. Wlllcutt. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BOWEN— HINDMAN— In this city, February
12, 1902, at the Stewart Memorial Second U.
P. Church, by the. Rev. W. E. Dugan,' Char-
lie Luther Bowen and LUlle Mae Hindman,
both of San Francisco. " ., ¦ :
DIED. , V
Bendlxsen, H. D. •• •" 'Heaney,- 'Minnie J."
Buckley, Gertrude Henrici. Mrs. J. R.
—Burns, Julia ' - - " - Holmes,' Mary E._' '. '¦
Carlson, Edward Jones, Wlnneld S.
Chaae, Henry A. . Kahman, . Lloyd *• • -.
Churchman. Joseph. Klein. Max . .
. Clancy, Patrick Kramer, Bertha
Cooney, John P. Mayberry, Elmer E.
Dethlefsen, Edward Markle. Charles H.
Dodds, - DavldS. Moresl, John D. -¦-
; Dovey, Rose F. ' " ' Mosebach, F, C - *
Duryea, Henry Murphy, John J. ' ;
rhitchler, Georce Regan, Thomas
: . Fitzgerald, Michael Schlott, Oswald H,
Folsom. George T. Speck, Andrew M. '.'
' t Foster, Mary E. • Sprung, Ruby. - v
Ghlrardelll, Louis Turner, Cant. John '
Giustl. Adele White, Mrs. Isabella
Hansen. Carrie Wilbert. Margaret ¦ -
Hatton. Annie C. Willestun. Adoniram
1 Haughton. Eliza F. __ ;.
BENDIXSEN— In Eureka, February 12, 1902,
H. D. Bendixsen, beloved husband of Emma
1 Bendixsen, a native of Thlsted, Denmark,
axed 59 years. ¦
; BUCKLEY — In this city, February 13, 1902.
• Gertrude ' Mary, dearly beloved - daughter of
P. A. and Lizzie Buckley, and loving sister
J of Raymond J., Evelyn F. and Mabel E.
I Buckley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 10 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 10:30. o'clock, at her
parents' residence, 923 Filbert street, thence
1 to Holy Cross Cemetery for • interment.
Please omit flowers. " ,
J BURNS— In this city. February 14, 1902, Julia,
I beloved sister of Hueh, Owen. Joseph -and
John Burns and the late Mrs... Mary^Schmltt.
• a native of County Monagban, Ireland, aged
27 years. - v
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the .resi-
dence of her brother, Joseph Burns, 3039
Twenty-second street, "thence to St. Peter's
Church for services at. 1 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery. •:¦:
CARLSON— In this city, . February 13, 1902,
Edward, beloved husband of Harriette Carl-
eon, and father of Dr. C. Hadley Carlson
and Ferd W. Carlson and Mrs. R. V. Rieley,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, . aged C9
years. . . < ¦¦¦..¦ '.¦'¦¦¦¦¦
E7 Friends are Invited to attend the fu-
1 neral services to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, at £20 Post street, under the aus-
. pices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G.
A. R. Interment strictly private. -
' CHASF— In this city, February 13. 1902, Henry
A. Chase, beloved father of Fred H. Chase,
" and beloved brother of Louise M. Chase of
; Baltimore, , Md., a native of Baltimore, Md.,
.aged 67 yeara 2 months and 18 days. Past
great sachem and member .of Manzanita
; Tribe No. 4. I. O. R. M.; past noble grand
and member of Laurel Grove No. 17. U. A.
O. D. ; a member of Exempt Fire Company;
¦ a member of Hartnagle Chapter, U. A. O.
> . D. ; a member of San Francisco Typographi-
cal Union No. -.21; a member of American
Eagle Lodge No. 2204, K. of H.; a member
of San Francisco Castle No. 2, K. G. B.
K7-FrJends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the above-named lodges and members
of eister lodges are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at ¦ 2
o'clock, from Red ' Men's Hall. 320 Post
street, where funeral services will' be held
under ¦ the auspices of the Great Council of
California, Improved Order of Red Men. Re-
> 1 mains at the funeral parlors of the Gantner
• & GunU Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
; ==================
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. •
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher) '
• ¦¦¦¦- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
¦ FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
; 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
, - Telephone Eouth 80. .
: Mt Olivet Cemetery,
; SAN BRUNO HILLS. '-'
OFFXE 916 MARKET STREET.
I . V* V • ' .- 9. HENDERSON. Manager.: •
i JAMBS McGINN,
: Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
- I JNEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. .
Samuel McFadien. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
.years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral . Par- .
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephon* South 44. .
I REMOVED!
medlars bros..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
EES. to Tli and 228 McAllister st: (For-
tn*rlv nt :sl 1-M«1>- «f T»t. South 3SJ.1 - '¦.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
¦ On and after- Feb. 22, 1902, ¦ we' will 'occupy
OUIi OWN. BUILDING at 1000. Mission st.;-'
bet. 15th and ltit«i. TELEPHONE MISSION
1OU. . CHA6. - H. J. TRUMAN ,& CO.. I'uneral
Directors and Embalmers. ; r"*%RSBBm
REAL KSTATF. — CITV — F< * R S r AI '. ! !': I"
WAS^E?WTo"7iiirphs>eT Jits north of Broad- j.
way and rn er.y street most of \r.n J\e»8e\e. j
to the Presidio reservation, call on \i..j. •
Gl'NX. fi'O Caiifcrni.1 ft. __¦ •';
AlTTr^eaTa^T'rurch^r can be found for a j
residence in the district bounded in A an 1 (
N-ess sve. en the east. Lyon ur l'-"^ 13 '" "¦* 1
Joseph ST RAi:n. rke ; co^ cp stockton> .
i. .- Telephone Grant :17T.
Real Estate m ;
Rents collected. '¦ -'"¦'' : - i
11AVE you a let to exchange for corner lot.
C3xlOSl on Alcatra; ave., block from fian
Pablo ave.. Golden Gate. Oakland; close to
Kchoolhousc"' and station; value $9OO; Trlllpajr
JoOO to ?1000 cash difference. I* H.
¦MOISE, 220 Sansome Et. •
fl^O FOR sale business corner grocery with
f. living rooms and etable: 8-room flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton ct. ' - - ¦ ¦¦ -
»1GOO— BARGAIN ; handsome flats; choice loca-
* tlon; Mission warm belt. Owner. 3972. Call.
A' WEEK'S news lor 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 cage*, in wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
HEAL ESTATE— COtfXTRV—-For Sale
£AV MATEO — Good land cheap; one-acre lots,
!J-acre lots: city blocks at acre prices: In
Redwood City, 3 minutes' -walk from am de-
pct and Courthouse; rich, deep eoll; great
Obks: improved avenue; prettiest offering on
peninsula: double track; all trains stop; best
property for least money: don't wait: come,
iee U!. WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY. C34 Market Bt.. and San Jose.
. -FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO ¦
Small tracts, $60 to *O0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 Calif ornla St.. for
pamphlets and Information. >.' ~ -¦
PROFTTA SLE orar.ge. lemon, peach and prune
lands ti sell: right locality: ble money; easy
peymems. HEALT * CARR. « Eddy st. |
VE have several fine fruit ranchei to exchange
for city or Oakland property. HEALY &
CARR. 6 Eddy St.. 8. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send j
etamp for free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma. j
CHEAPEST and best in America — The -Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
.United States or Canada one year for |L
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY KEAJ_ ESTATE.
$5000— HOUSE. 12 rooms: stable; near unl-
verslty. ; ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery 6t. .
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL, ESTATE. ¦
j N lunuaralleled opportunity: 200x130 feet. cor.
"wilaon ave. and Hopkins St.: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
.tage of 6 rooms; etable. chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from 6. F\: rent $35 a month; price $4090.
Apply J. R- FREUD, Mills building:, or H.
A. PLEITNER. rrultvale Station. j - -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
7 NEW homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all first clasi;
Merrtaae or Twenty-eighth st.. between Tel-
?•graph ave. and Grove at.; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
E. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAND ROOJIS. - ~ r ' :
TO responsible couple or a elngl» gentleman.
large sunny parlor, furnished as a bedroom.
2 bay-window s and grates; also single sunny
rooms. Apply 641. Nineteenth. St.. Oakland.
OA^AAD^URXITjroj^
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh tt.. Oakland.
ltOOMf. FOB. HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and 60lar flats. C25 and r.31 Turk st;
first-class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL, --Sites- 1773 -Market — Front - parlor suit
¦vrlth kitchen and gas range; rent $20.
ELLIS. 1162 — Elegant parlor suit with kitchen;
every convenience; private. ' "
HOWARD, 1063—2 eunny connecting; conv
pletely fur. hskpg. rms. ; raage; run. -water.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front basement BUlte. |18;
aiso rear suite, yard, laundry, $14.
LAP.KIX, 901, corner Geary — Two *unny front
rooms and kitchen.
11ISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished hoasekeeplng
rooms; no children.
OAK, 119 — One eunny basement room; fur-
nished for housekeeping; stove | storage; $6.
BCTTER, S23B — Elegantly ¦ furnished ¦ sunny
suites; coal or gaa; phone; eingle rooms.
TWELFTH, 12. near Market — 1 or 2 bedrooms
with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 23 — 2 Bunny housekeeping rooms;
no children.
TWENTY-THIRD, 8726, near Dolores— Three
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat and
complete. • •• • . ¦
Virginia, 1005 Powell— 2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH clflca for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti
Valencia St. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fan, and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant.
eunny; grill attached; 75o day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per sight; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— Small room for gentle-
man;. running water and closet; $1 20 week.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. - 1364>— Fur-
nlEhed rms., suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
CHELSEA, 6, off Bush, near Powell— One large
euncy room, suitable for 2. furnished or un-
furEished; also glrtgle room. . . *; J
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
fumlrted tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 316— Eleeantly furnished sunny front
;ooin; refined couple or two gentlemen; every
convenience.
EDDY. 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished attic for studio.
EDINBURGH. 329 Powell, cor. Geary— Loea,
tion most central; large well-furnished suites
and single front rooms as offices; modern lm-
provements; electric llxht, etc.
8 *, 321 < Mozar t>— Nicely furnished rooms.
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
ELLIS, 41S, The Pierpont — Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished room.
$1 per week. . .. .-
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 3C3. bet. Powell and Mason— Elegant
k suite, beautiful furnishings, for offices or llv-
%*. ing rooms.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed eulies and eingle; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a Quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit,single;elevat.
GRANT, 245 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; rets.
KEARNY. 34. and- 47 Post — Office or eunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
§ JONES, 402 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
mofiern conveniences; central location. ¦
MARTINET, lTci Geary — Handsome suites;
private, baths; newly furnished singln rooms.
NATOMA; 217— Near Third, eingle or double,
one large front room. • "
NEW ARLINGTON. 3015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OTARREIX, 20 — Supny furnished rooms and
cf flees; elevator; elec. lights: day. week. mo.
POST, £35— Large, tfunny furnished room; 1 or
2 jrer.ts; references. ' ¦ " • '
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 £0; week, 12
to $K; month. $8 to $30; elevator on grouna
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ETEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Penis. 24 Turk et.. . -
6TOCKTON, 332 — Nice eunny suites and einele
rooms; bath; phone. ' .
. EUTTER. ,1003 — Sunny well furnished -corns.
I en* suite or single, for gentlemen. . ¦ . ' .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
vubsciiptibns has been esteablished at lojii ¦
Valencia et_
JIORESI— In this city, February 11,-1002,' John
D.; dearly beloved husband. of Aurelia-- Mo- \
;'resi, and father of Adele Moresf, and brother
. ot\,Mrs.' J.' Reall, Mrs. . G. , Petralll and: Jo-
' ; -Keph Mores), a' na0ve". of Switzerland, aged
. "53 years 1 month", and/ 14 days. : ..•;,.*
¦' (n?*Frlends and ; acquaintances are respect-
-fully invited ' to' attend -funeral services af
San Jose.' Cal.'. ¦ February '16, .1002, at 1:30
.- o'clock, -at hl» late!: residence, .78 "Devlne
% street. | Notice—^Please omit flowers. • • '
MOSEBACH— In this city. February . 14,- 1002, , ,
• ' F. 'C. '.'Mosebach.^ beloved husband, of Lydia
S "A. ' Mosfebachi father of F. C- Mosebach Jr.;.
• "and. : brother Mrs. ' Dorothy Petersen . and
; "William,; Henry and Zettie^Mossbach. ,
MURPHY— In -this - city," February 14,' : 1902,
• John J., beloved father of .Morris J. Murphy
. : and Mrs.' A. A. Whitfleld.a native of County
¦ :Cor!c,. Ireland. - : ' - .' "¦ .'••:,*-
¦- ; (CTFriends and acnuaintances are respect-
'¦'•? fully Invited to- attend the. funeral- to-morrow
(Sunday)."'- at: 12 : SO o'clock. : from / his -late
' residence, • C32 Natoma - Rtreet. 5 Services ¦ -at
.St. ' Joseph's Church... Tenth :, street. :. at. 1
o'clock. Intermsftt Holy Cross Cemetery," by
carriage. Requiem high mass will be cele-
brated Monday, at 9 o'clock, - for the repose
¦-' of -his .soul. -.-. ¦./({•.:¦¦-•..• ¦ :..-,•¦.-
REG AN— In this '. city. February 14," 1902,
s. Thomas Regan, a, native, of -County Roscom-
mon, Ireland; aged 75 years. -; ¦¦-,%'. .-
SCHLOTT — In . this -. city, February 12, .1902,
Oswald H. J. Schlott. 1 a native; of Flensburg,
' Schleswig-Holsteln, Germany, aged 30 years.
(ETFriends and ' acquaintances ¦ are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock. '¦ from the parlors
; of.Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. ¦ Inter-
-' ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
..funeral car from Eighteenth and-.Guerrero
* streets. . ¦ ¦ -•¦¦'.• .-.'},- ;.vj . .;. : ., -':<'¦ ••¦
SPECK— In Tucson, r Ariz.. February 12; 1902,
¦ Andrew Meyer Speck, .beloved son of the late
'John. Henry add. Sarah Ann Speck, ani
brother of John Henry, D. : Mason, George
. A., G. Boyd, Jennie and Bertha Speck and
Carrie G. Scott, av native of Pennsylanla,
, age-1 36 years and 4 months.' (Lebanon, Pa.,
' papers please copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. '
TURNER— In "¦ this ' city, February .- 12, 1902,
Captain John Turner (navigator), dearly be-
loved husband of the •: late Sarah Campbell
•¦" Turner, father of Alice and Lillian B. Tur- 1
¦ ner, and son- in-law; of .Thomas and Cather-
ine Campbell/ a native of Massachusetts,
aged 56, years 7 months and 29 days.
: i IC.The funeral will take place Sunday,
February 16, under the auspices of James A.
Garfleld Post No. 34, G. A. R., of which de-
ceased was a member. . Services will be held
5 at 2 o'clock, at Post room. Alcazar building.
¦ Interment National . Cemetery, Presidio.
BPRUNG-^-In ' this! '¦ city,' February 14,Vl902,'
Ruby, beloved daughter' of -Hiram and Mary
¦¦; Ann 'Sprunsr,. and , sister . of -'Hiram,-. Mabel,
I Frederick, .Walter, Ray and Milton Sprung,
' a native of San Francisco, aged: 22 years.
WHITE — In. this city, February 14, 1902 Mrs
Isabella M. White. - wife of. the late W. S.
White, pioneer ¦ of 1849/ beloved mother of
Mrs. WelllnsTton. Greg*. Lambert and Robert
.' W. .White, a native of .'Alabama, i aged- 71
years 'and 9 '. -inonths.'- (Sacramento ypapers
/please copy.) -¦¦'¦ ;.- ..¦¦U;- i ' - ... . ¦ -. — : .
-' (DrThe-.funeral.-will : take place at the par-
lors of Clark &- Booth, 1013 -Fourth street,
1 Sacramento. February. 16,' at 3:30 o'clock.
i Remains at ¦ the • parlors ; of Halsted" & Co.,
¦948 Mission-- street. -.«v ," ;V.\ •¦ ¦ '. •-."
WILBERT— In thisi city,- February 14, 1902,
.'Margaret, beloved wife of 'Valentine P. Wil-
;bett,- mother of Fleet S.'and Elizabeth Wll-
; bert, and sister of ¦Mrs.'-FleetF. Strother, a
native of Ireland. • ¦• ¦ ;:•
WILLESTUN— At .Fabiola Hospital, February
. :14, 1902, • Adonlram Willestun, aged 70 years.
V. CARD OF THANKS. •
Mrs. Lizzie ..Schmidj; . and members, of the
family wish to express to their friends and
acquaintances their sincere thanks for their
kindness In their sad bereavement.
: '. sion street. ¦ between ; Eighth ' and ' X Inth,'. un-
til. Sunday at J>.o'cloel{. •:-.... ..•.:'•-; ?-^'
.GHUKCh'maK— In this ' citj% February 12.
) r"li»C2. 'Jotefth'ti. Churchman, a native of -1111-
; note, : ared 1 . 52 years. ! t!,
ICT'FrlenOB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the ' funeral services
at Ventura Sunday, February 16, ¦1902,: at 10
o'clock, at the:Chrietian Church, under the
at-B.iices of the Masons. -.: Interment .'at. Ven-
; tura. .Ventura County. Cal. ./-¦.--•.'
CLANCY— In - this city. February 13,' 1P02.
Patrick, beloved husband of Hanna Clancy,
and father of Mrs. J. H. O'Brien and" Denis,
Margaret - a"nd Nellie : Clancy, . a native: of
County Cork; Ireland, ' aged 64 years 7
> months and 13 days. A 'member of Harmony
Lodge No. 9; A. O. U. \V., and' Court Bonlta
No. 43. F. O. A. ¦. •.¦¦-:•'•- '.",.¦. '
" ¦¦' ¦'CT'Frlends and. acquaintances are Tespect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), at 12 o'clock.' from • his late resl-
.• dence, i 2842 Folaom * etreet; ' thence- to - St.
g Peter's Church for eervicea at . 12 :30o; clock.
" Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. : A requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the v repose
. of his soul at St. Peter's Church Monday,
February 17, at d o'clock.- • ,. : • .'. .5 •
COURT BONITA No. 43, F. of A.— Dear Sirs
and'- Brothers: Tou.are hereby notified to
assemble at your hall. Twrenty-fourth ¦" and
Folsom streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 11:30
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral .; of" our
late brother, Patrick' Clancy. A fine of $1
. for non-attendance will be. strictly. enforced.
By ' order of "'
CHARLES A. WILSON,' Cl'R.
D. O'CALLAGHAN. Fin. Sec.
COONEY-r-Jn this city, February, K. 1902.
John P., beloved hueband of Louise Coonejr,
and father "of Gladys and Frank Cooney, and
beloved son of Mrs. M. Cooney and the late
Daniel Cooney, and brother of : Daniel; .'An-
drew, Frank and William Cooney and: Mrs.
L. Juzlx and Mrs. M. J. ' Cloney, a native
" of San Francisco, ! - aged 35 years 9 months
and 5 day3. (Massachusetts papers please
copy.)* . . . ;
ityFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully lnvlte<l to attend the funerar to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of fcis brother-In-rlaw, Mr. Almeron Gres»,
22SVi Eighth street, thence to the • French
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
, Cemetery. - - - • •
DETHLEFSEN — In this city. February 13.
"1902, Edward F, Dethlefsen, beloved infant
eon ot Fred and Katie Dethlefsen,' anil
brother of Thomas A. and Francis H. Deth-
lefsen,' a native of San '¦ Francisco, aged 3
months ajid 20 days. . • . ' .
¦ (E?"Friehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
- February 16, ' 1902, at 2 o'clock,, from the
residence , .of the parents, 1410 Devlsadero
'Mreet. " Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . :.
DODDS— In this city, February 14, .1902, Da-
vid S. Dodds, beloved son of Helen Dodds, a
native of j Glrvan. Scotland, aged 56 years 10
months and 17 days. .A member of Lakota
Lodge No. 52, I. O. O. F.;tof Lakota, North
Dakota. . % . . . • - - ... .. : . • ¦
DOVEY— Iii this city, -February' "13. 1902,
Rose Fern, beloved daujthter of William and
"Rose Dovey, and sister of Dr. .W. R. and
Alice. Dovey, a native of Nevada,-, aged . 16
. years .8 months and. 20 days. * * ¦••-. ¦¦ -. ,
. Cy Friends .are .respectfully invited to at-
tend the. 'funeral to-day .(Saturday), at
10:30 o'clock, from her late, residence, HOB
j Hayes street. Interment strictly private. _
DURYEA— In this, city, "February 14,. 1902,
' Henry, eldest and dearly belov'ed son of Wal-
ter and Julia Duryea. and devoted brother
of Mrs. Ralph Evans and Isabelle. ,, Ora,
' Earl. * Julia, 1 Gladys,' Goidie,"' Margaret and
Marjorie . Duryea. a' natlye' of Sacramento,
aged; 17 years 5 months and 26 days. (Mer-
ced and. Auburn papers please copy.) .- • \. ¦ . •
• IC7" Services will be held to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the family- resi-
dence, 112 Alabama street, between * Slx-
' teenth and Seventeenth.'^ Interment -private.
-Cypress Lawn Cemetery. 'by electric funeral
car from Fourteenth and Kolsom Btreets; • .
DUTCHLER— In Oakland. February 14," 1902.
George,' dearly beloved - husband ofBarbary
Dutchler, and father of George and Bernard
Dutchler, a native of Switzerland, aeed 66
. years. . .', . , . . '
FITZGERALD— In Grass .Valley, CaU Febru-
ary 12. 1902." Mi«iael, beloved husband of
Mrs.' B. Fitzgerald, father of Richard . J.,
Johanna, Emmet, Catherine, Marsraret* ¦ Ed-
ward - and Frances Fitzgerald, Mrs. John
O'Neill and Mrs. William U. Bowen. of San
Franciaco, and brother- of - Mrs. M. .Quill
" and Mrs. J. Bresnan, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 6(5 years. - ' ' * :
FOSTER— In this city, February 14, 1902. Mary
B., beloved wife of William Foster, ¦ mother
of P. Jl Gray, Mrs.' Jame's E.- Power, Mm.
J. Brooks and . William and Mary Foster,
and sister of P. V., George, Edward, Wil-
liam.. Thomas and Joseph Barrett and Mrs.
! A_ Kelley, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
61 years 1 month -and 22 days. ¦ ; - \ - '
• ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tQ-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her '•'son,- P." J. Gray,- 3763 Seventeenth
street, thence ; to St. James Church for ser-
vices at 1:30 o'clock. Interment" Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' ' ' .' . . . '. . ....¦..-:
FOLSOM — In. this* city. February 14, 1902,
George Thorndike. Folsom. .-a native of -New
York City, aged 69 years '4- months and 24
days.' • • ••.• ¦¦¦ - ¦¦¦.-.•¦-• ' '. ' & ¦ ' '¦¦
C7Funeral services to-morrow (Sunday), at
• ;2. o'clock.— at."*is late 7 1001 .Pine
street.' Interment "private. ¦-...":•
GHIRARDELLI — In Oakland. February 14,
1802,. .Louis- Ghlrardelll, beloved husband of
Johanna Leerlar Gblrardelll, and brother of
Domingo, Joseph and Eugene Ghlrardelll and
Mrs. Charles Sutton and Mrs. Chris Jorgen-
sen. a : natlve of- San 'Francisco, aged 44' years
2 months and 13 day«.;;- "
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 16, 1902. at 1 o'clock,- at
his late residence, 1147,. Poplar street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
GIUSTI— In this city. February- 13, 1902,
Adele, dearly beloved, wife of Alfonso Giustl,
and loving mother Of Mrs. Ida Cervelll, Mrs.
Lizzie Solary and Alfonso Giustl Jr., a na-
tive of Florence, Italy, aged 69 years 1 7
months and 23 days. ,'
|E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 16, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, from the
¦ undertaking parlors of ' Valente, Marini &
Co., 1624 Stockton street. ¦" ! Interment New
- Italian Cemetery. :
HANSEN — In this city, . February- 13, 1902,
Carrie Hansen, -beloved . sister ot Jens Han-
Ben and the late Christine Hansen, a native
of . Denmark, aged 32 years 1 month and 9
. days. • -
. (cy-Frlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect*
I fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street. • In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
HATTON — In this city IT February 14, 1902,
Annie C. H&ttoiv daughter of Margaret . B.
Duff, a native of Pennsylvania, ' aged 43
years. (Harrisburg, Pa^ papers please copy.)
. C7"Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
February 15, 1902, at 4 o'clock, from Charles
J. B Metzler's j undertaking parlors. 636
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ¦ .' ¦ ¦ .
HAUGHTON— In Golden Gate. Cal.. February
13, Eliza F., relict of the late James H.
Haughton, and mother of E. H. Haughton
.and Mrs. A. W. HIgson and Mrs. J. A. Mc-
Pherson, a native of. Nantucket, Mass., aged
79 years 1 month and 13 days.
E7Frlends - and "acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1021 Sixty-third street, thence by 12
o'clock creek boat to San Francisco. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car
leaving ferry at 12:40 o'clock.
HEANEY— In this city, at her residence, 844
Twenty-second • ¦• avenue, near ! Point -Lobos,
February 14, 1902, Minnie J., beloved wife of
Frank G. Heaney, /daughter of Mrs. Mary
Dowan, and eister of Sister M. Xaveria, Mrs.
¦J W Heaney, Mrs. Charles Harkins, Mrs.
Charles V. Lynch and Alice M., Thomas and
Roberta E. Dowan. a native of Australia,
aged S5 years and 27 days.
HENRICI— In this city, February 18, 1902,
Mrs. J. R. Henrlci, widow of the late C. H.
Henrlcl, and mother . of ¦ Edith, Use . and
' l Ralph Henrict, a native of Qulncy. 111., aged
''42 years. 5 months and 20 days. (Chicago
papers please copy.) .
L* jpr services and Interment private.
HOLMES— In - this 1 city. February 14. 1902,
Mary Elizabeth,- daughter of Mary J.,~ and
sister of John R. and J. N. Holmes, a na-
• tive of California, aged . 41 years 3 months
¦ "and 1'flayi^tLos Angeles, Cal., papers please
copy.) • ¦¦• ¦ • ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦ • ¦ .
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the. funeral Sun-
: day, at 2 o'clock., from her late residence,
318-.Ritch street. .\ Interment. private. ..
JONES — In this city, February 14, 1902, Win-
field S. Jones, a native of Washington, D. C.
(Washington, D. C, and New York papers
please copy.) • -1 . . • ¦ •- •¦ ••
ICTFuneral services will be held In Grace
• Epiecopal Church, corner. California and
Stockton . streets, on- Sunday, February 16, at
' 2:30 -o'clock. • Interment private. •. .- ¦
KAHMANr— In " this city. ' February 14, 1902,
Lloyd, beloved aon of August and. Emma" G.
Kahman,,and brother of William G.^Rlch-
ard#A. and Ford Kahman. a native of San
Francisco, aged .7 years 3' months and 14
days. ' ' •' ¦ ' /* ' ; » • < '¦*:*¦'. - ' ¦ . ,
• . (^Interment fltrlctlyi private.
KLEIN-^rln this city, February 14. 1902. Max
Klein. ¦.''¦-¦¦;.
KRAMER— In , this city. February . 12, ' 1902.
Bertha, beloved wife of Louis, and mother of
Maurice S. Kramer, . a native . of Qsthelm.
Germanyr- aged 52- yeara 4 months -and • 1%
¦ ¦ days. . ' • ¦ : ¦¦- ¦¦¦ ' •'-.'''•.'• ; '.'¦'-.¦•'. :': '.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited . to attend the funeral - Sunday,
'at. 10- o'clock, < from , her Jate .residence," 1806
: Ellis, street. Interment 'Home • of Peace
¦ Cemetery, 'by. 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend street*.,'.-, ¦. >; - » ; v ¦; .-.
MARKLE-^-In ( this * city. . - 14. 1902,
Charies Herbert, beloved child of Wallace
and Edith Markle. a native of Canada, aged
• 7 years -5 months and 23 days. '., . , .. „ , . . ;-
I MAYBERRY-rln this city, February 14,' -*1902,
Blmer.:E.'' Mayberry, ! 'a native of Brooklyn,
*. N. Y..' aged .48 years. ¦•-, ;v> . ,:
! cyjiemajns .at the. funeral parlors* of H.
¦ F; Maafif. 917 -Mission .street. - ' .-¦ ,'-.'. '
RAILWAY TBA VEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
MAN rilAMIJKI'U.
(Main Lliie. Foot of Mnrket Street.)
LIATE — FROM FEBttCAEV 9, 19C3 — ARBIYB
~:OOa Bnileia, Sulsun. Elmira »od Sacra-
lnrnio.. 8 31?
7:OOa Va<M»iUe. Win ter J, Kimi!».,T 7:33f
J s3« a M»rtii>«», Hum Itaanm. Y*li«ju. N»p«s .
U«H«'<i» a»<) -s.mtji Kim*.. ....... HiSSp
»:O«a IHtN, W .Midland, Kni e hts f.aiidlng.
, MursTllle.OmTllln 7:»Sp
S>OO« Ailantlr Kitiress-Oztloii »iul Kaat H:V3a
,»:«»* Xlles. Ii*throp, Stockton ' * *>a->P
»:«O k Nile*. .Memlot*. Ilanford. Visili»,
roriftrrill* 4i53y
flt3tt* ShMta Kxi>r«ss— Davis, Williams v fur
llartlett SfTines*. Willows. B*l
. -• r.iuir. rortiomL". . t >»a*
»i:in»S»n Jimr, I.iTtjrniorr, Mkiicktnii,
Imie. Htcriiiiii-iitn. ritcrrTltle, • ¦
MtrT«Tili«t, Clile.1. Itwt Wnir li2.Tr
; Ni»i>a <U!iiUi'-. Chiiieso,S<.noi*. 'luolurane % 4:3.1p
»:««* lUywanl. Nili ¦ »ml V.'ay Mutiiim.. 1I:.1.1a
BiOOa Vall.Jo... ,...., IStaSp
UiOUa J/on Ansoles Etpresn — Martlnex. ." :
Tr»cr. l*t»>r»l». rttookton. MrrcrU ;
yroMiwt »tt«l Los Anxoles .......... 7iSS4
Ws3O* V»+lt-).., MartliHMi itn.t \V»y Station* 7i»»F
1 0:0» A TbeOrerlaml IJinlted— OgdeiK L>«o>
- . Ter.Uinaba. Chicago..* »i33p
»l:»M>pHser»iii«iif(>i:i?f>r3tB«ii><ir«. ........ flllOttr
SiOWr llenicia. Winters, Naeramsnto,
Wo.mIIuu.1. Kulkhts I^udilif.
M»ry.Tillr, Orovilla IAiSSa
»:SOr IlavwMtl. Nil. • ni»l W»j Buttons.. 7:33*
- 4. nor M.rtli.er... H»n Kumm, Valtojo.
- ¦ Nn|"» «!»H«LnnK, S«nt» lluu ¦ •¦*•¦»*
4tO»r Nile», Lliermore. Stockton. Lo.U... I 2*3t
4iSt>r lUywanl. Nile*. Naii.l.>»e, LiT.rmorB t9:33A
4iS»pTli« Owl 1 Jmlted '- Fiesno, Tulare,
¦ <:.-. . lUkarsOaUl. Haogus for SanU Uat-
bara, lx)i AiiKeles.. .' ¦:8«1a
S mor Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 *»S3a
BtuOr MartliiT. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
cod. Frei.no 1»*«3*
i:O«r Ha/waiti, Nile* a nil San Josa Ti>V»*
t«:0ttp Vnllejo II»a3*
•iO»r Oriental Uall-Ogrten. Denrer.
. : Oiualia, Bt Louis, Ohiosgfl 4:23p
7iOOi» Orrgou ami California, Kit>mm.Nao-
r>.ni<f»t... Maryd.llla, lti..l.Mn«.
|-i.rt.Uii.l. PiiKot rloiiuit »n.l East SiSSa
S<«3r San Pablo. r.>rt Coata, Martiaex
>>..l Way Htatious »•>*»*
t»:O.tr ValUju itaar
COAST LINE (Sarroir «»n B »).
. (Foot otMntket Street.)
¦sift A Newark.Uanb>Mllle.Han.los«,Ki>ltou,
lioiil<l«rCnek.MautaOruzaudW«y
HUtloii*. »«3«»
t*tl»p Newark, Usntarvlll*. San Ji>««. N«w - -
Almailan, Teltnn. itonlilar Creek, -¦
StnU Cnix and 1'rlncipsl Way
suuons..:.. n»in»A
4tl.tr Newark, Sa» Jose. I^sOato* |S:SOA
«U.3op Uantrn' Train -San Jose and Wajr
- 8tatlon»... t7^«>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS raASCISCO— ?m\ of MtrVet 3tr«et (Slip 8)—
'¦ Vl-.U 3:00 11:00*. U. 1:03 3:J3 B.lSr.M.
rrisOUUIII— fill triiuawa*.— 1«;09 {d;00 J3;0»
10:00a.m. -12:08 3.QQ l:33r.tl.
. COAST L.INE (Brosil Wans*)..
(Thlnl »ml To'Tnsen.l Sta.) .
OiIOa 8an Jose and Way Htatioos. «>-««•*>
7:00a Nmi'Jiim ami Way Statlmia ,. t9>««A
/7i«mu N«w Aliradsn.. / 4fl*T
8:0»a Coast Line Limited — sw Jo«e.
Oilmy. Salinas. Sar. Lnis Obispo.
• ' - Hanta Barbara. Im Aneeles end
principal intermediate sUtioii*.... !•*•»»
, •iOO A H»n Jiiaa. Trea linos. MmiiU i.'rnz.
r»cliic »Jr..««. balinaa. San I-nii * '
• Obispo and Principal intermedia**
.sutii.ns *itor
10i;t0A San Joae and War Htaliona. »:3«»
1 1 i:tl» A 8a» -lima ami Way Skaliou* Ol-lOA
fSlt-iap flan Mateo, ltedwoo<1. Mrnlo Park, .
l'alo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .lima. '
Trei Pioos. Bauta Cnp. Saliuaa.
- - . Mornerr, aii.l raeille (trove |l«t4SA
S:S«r Han Josa and Way Stations. l.»i»r
M:l5p San Joieaitd Principal Way Htgtloiii 3iU0»
4iS«r Sunset Limited— Mondaya, WednM-
dajs. Friday a. for Los Angeles, El
Pmo. New Orleans and New York. -.'¦,¦..
Arrtres Sundays. Tuesdays and
> ¦•:¦-.¦ Thursdays.* l»«iaA
fliOOr S»n Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations l»i«O»
BiUOr San Jose »H(lPriuoip»nV»y. Station* . O:SOp
«ia»p Ban .loir ami War .Stations 7>:i«t
7t00p New Orleaoa Eipre«s — San Luis
Obispo, Santa. Barbara* Loa An-
. (teles. D-miojr. SI Paso, New Or-
leans and E«sk I1:S«*
«lli4Sp8an.lo«»H».l War -Stations 7»—»
A for Meriting. I* for Afternoon,
taun.lay exsanted. t Sunday only.
' tlatarclay oaljr.._ / Tuesdays and TrldafC,
Santa Fe
Tnains-Daiiy.
Leave vtarteet-street Ferry Dcoot.
; : 7i Local llta-Nt Ovrl'd Loc«l-
\ Dally Da »y Dally . Daily
t „ c.r. u>r«n 7-"0al 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 y
•• viaalla 3:30 p. 3:0O a
"¦ mfed «:15p 5:2Op 7.43a .-
'¦ •• TCan-Clty '..:... 2:40a 7:30a .......
~ a ior morning, p tor aiternoon,
9-00 a. m train Is- the CaUfornU Urn-.
Ited carrying; : Palace Sleeplne Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnair Car
runs to Bakersfleld "for accommodation ot
local flrst-class passengers. No MCotd-
c^ass Sts are honored on_thls train: Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
\4-20 p. m. l» Stockton. Merced and
Fresno local. Corresponding train arrives
at 12-30 p- rn. dalll*-^- ¦ ' ¦ ¦
l 8 „• m is the Overland Express, wltb.
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
F?ey Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Bleeper. which cuts out at Fresno.-
Corresponding train arrive* at «:00 p. m.
a. m. i» Bakersfleld Local, stoppln*
mt all polnta In San Joaqum Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
C^flces-e41 Market atreet and 1 In FWry
pepot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway.
CAUFORNIA NOmWESTEEN Rl Cd
SAM' FRANCISCO AMD NORTH -PAClflf
RAILWAY COMPANY. -\ ..
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ot Marfcat SE.
San Franciaco to San Rafael. -
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12X3.
3:30. 6:10. »:30 p. - m. ¦• P' 1^*'?- 1^!?
•trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. »
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3«.'
6:00. 6:20 p. m. .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60^ 9:20.-11:10 a. m. :
12-45. 3:40.-6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:65 and 6;35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
' 6:08. 6:25 p. ta. ' '
Leava I In Effect I ArrlY«
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 19011 San Frandaca
Week |-<Bun- I - - I 8ua- I Wee*
• Days. {days. | Destination [ days. |.X>ays.
7 :30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:06pm 10:23am
6i 10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. T :35pm 8:20pm
Fulton. ¦ M
7:30am Windsor. 10 :25am
. S :00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 8:20pa
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Pklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7. 30am ~ 10:40am 10:25am
V** 1 *™ 8:00am auernerUle. 7:35pm -
8:30pm 6:00pm •:29pm
'7:30am 8:00am ..Sonoma ,9:19am 8:40am
¦ and - .
i 6:10pm 6:00pm Olen Ellen, g :05pm < :20pm
7 :30am I 8:OOan7j • " ' I10:40am|10;25ara
8:30pml 6:00pm[ Sebastopol. t 7:35pm| ft: 20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's TSanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
•Westport. Usal. Willits, Lay tonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's ' Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. EcotU
"to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays' round-trip tickets to all points
beyond 8an Rafael at half rates. ,
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle.
WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
I MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
i Leave • Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve -
' San Fran. Foot of Market St. Sin Fran.
Pill {£^^1111
8-30 a. 8:00a. j*^, u. m „ 1M l.OO p. Ma a.
- : 1:15 p. A - M -^- k * m "^ 7 \ &S5r. ',
F.r«, Sui Tnnti\*n to Samratt tad JUBirn. »10a
' OekttOScH. «tt MA&S2T iTMXT «4 iiUMUIO TZ23.X.
y^Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L%O*ita <>^^ KBABST «T. Kstablished
K*l¥^7i58i ln 1S34 for the treatm«-nt »>f l'rlvi«t«
R if^SfSr Diseases. Lost Mmnbood. Deblilt.r or
H8BMH|dI.<tf m* wearinfon body and niiixi and
rSre^vfcjPHSkln DUenscs. The Doctor cures wi.ea
. fair. Try him. rharsr* low.
l m a r'*Min*' -. r -—~-*~*. c»u 01 wrli*
'. Dr. J. JT. WIUEOS. tiau rraoclrco. Cak .Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Burnett delivered
en interesting lecture on "The PaBsion
.Play at Obcrammergau" in Union Square
Hall last evenlr.g for the benefit of SL
Matthew's German Lutheran Church.
Exact pictures of the scenes and princi
. pal characters were presented. Mrs. Bur
nett spoke entertainingly of the play and
her husband manipulated the stereopti
con.
Xiecture on Passion Play.
. It -r ill no longer be necessary for those ;
•who wish money orders to go from all
parts of the city to the main "Wells-Fareo
office at 49 Second street. For the con
venience of its patrons Wells, Fargo
& Co.'s has opened money order
offices In San Francisco at the following
points: 25 Market street. 61S . Market
street, 643 Market street. 2325 • Mission
-street, northwest corner Hayes and La
puna streets, 2035 Fillmore street:" 330
Clement street, corner Fifth avenue;
southwest corner California and Hyde
streets. 533 Halght street; corner I>eaven
worth and Pacific streets.
Establishes Branch Offices.
o'clock Dr. Smith-will speak on the sub
ject i "Modern Methods of Dealing With
the Insane.". ....... :
¦ At l .the- afternoon v session, which is to
be\ held- at South Park: Settlement, Mrs.
"W7 B. Harrington, president of the Chil
dren's Hospital, -will deliver an : address
upon the t6pic"Care of the Child in Sick
ness." There will be a paper Jjy Dr. Eva
K. -Willets, followed by a' general discus
sion. . In the evening at. the. Auditorium,
"Prison • Reform in California"- will, 1 be
discussed by Robert M. Fitzgerald and
Robert ; T. . Devlin. Osgood Putnam will
ppcak on "Probation." A general discus
sion; to be opened by, Dr. Smith, will con
clude ¦ the . day's ; programme.
George D. Gillespie was found guilty of
manslaughter last evening by a jury that
had listened- for some days to the testi
mony in the trial of the defendant for the
murder of William D. Grlffln oh the night
of August 20 of last year. The jury was
cut four hours. Sentence will be pro
nounced this morning.
Gillespie, who Is well known in labor
circles, shot and killed Griflln in the lat
ter's room at the lodging-house at 119
Ninth street, of which place Gillespie was
the proprietor. According to the prosecu
tion, the defendant was called by his wife
to quell a disturbance in Grifl&n's room,-,
where Griflln was abusing his wife. The
prosecution claimed that Gillespie being
a man of most violent temper went to his
office, secured his revolver and returned
to Griflin's room and then .resumed the
quarrel, shooting Grlfiln without sufficient
provocation.
At the morning session of the trial the
prosecution t sought to introduce photo
graphs of Griffin in order to compare his
physique with that of the defendant, Gil
lespie, but Judge Cook sustained an ob
jection made by, the attorneys for the de
fense. •-• .
Fred Heywood was placed on the stand
by the prosecution for- the purpose of
showing that Gillespie was a man of vio
lent temper and that the witness had been
beaten by him In a quarrel. The, court
again sustained an objection of the de
fense to that line of examination.
Gillespie and his wife were next re
called and testified that after. Griffin was
shot no weapon was found in Griffin's
room. i
, The prosecution and the defense waived
a written charge to tne Jury and the
closing arguments were made.
Porter Ashe for the prosecution argued
that Gillespie was not Justified in killing
Griffin and that there was no evidence to
show that he had been threatened by tho
man he killed. Counsel characterized the
defense as one that could • not be be
lieved, and declared that Gillespie had
shot Griflln while the latter was seated in
a chair.
Attorney Roy for the defense argued
that Grifiln had threatened the life of
Gillespie and had also flourished a carv
ing knife.- The defendant then procured
his pistol and returned, to the room. Rdy
claimed that the quarrel was then re
sumed and that Gillespie pointed his pis
tol at Griffin to intimidate him, when he
made a motion to draw a revolver. Tho
defendant, being unfamiliar with a double
action revolver, had shot Griflln without
any intention of doing so.
Attorney Farrell made the closing ar
gument for the defense and. based it on
the . lines -' of . accidental homicide. He
claimed that the actions of the defendant
Immediately after the shooting were
those of an innocent man. and asked for
a verdict of acquittal at the hands of
'the jury.
Special Counsel Black closed the case
for the prosecution. He made a brilliant
address to the jury and ridiculed the de
fense offered by Gillespie. Black argued
that the evidence of Gillespie showednhat
he had gone to his desk to secure a pis
tol; that he had returned to Griffin's room
and resumed the quarrel and had shot
Griffin deliberately.
•Judge Carroll Cook- delivered -a long
charge to the jury. He instructed ' the
jurors as, to the legal definitions of mur
der of various degrees and also as to the
law of justifiable homicide and self-de
fense. . v
The case was given to the Jury at 4:20
p. m. «
FLAHERTY FTRED TO KILL.
Witnesses Testify to the Shooting of
Frederick ' Roller.
The preliminary examination' of Thomas
G. Flaherty on the charge of murder was
continued before 'Judge Conlan yesterday
afternoon.. Ho is charged with shooting
and killing -Frederick H. Roller in the
saloon of William -Umland; 311 Franklin
street, on the night of January 28.
The- witnesses > examined were • Julius
Levy , John J. t Sullivan . and F. \V.- How
ard, who were standing at the bar at the
time, and all testified to Flaherty coming
In "and demanding the dog, otherwise he
would kill everybody. Roller tried to
prevent him -from shooting and was shot
and: killed;.* J. -W. ; Stapleton also testified
to hearing the shots ; and Flaherty shout
ing, there was more , for : them. • ' Stapleton
lives 'over, the saloon..: Dr. W. R Stevens
testified ; as • to the fatal wound; The ex
amination will be continued. at 11 o'clock
; this morning.: ¦
Try the Cafe Zlnkand for lunch. - Good I
meats .well cooked, well served, • I
The ; Supreme Court handed 'down 'a de
cision yesterday affirming - the r judgment
of ; the lower court,^ which '-. held that ', the
Board .of ; Supervisors "" ot.' San ' • Francisco
was '. not:- compelled :,to ) accept the *. bid, of
the . Stanley-Taylor \ Company.1 f or j munici
pal printing;. The ; BUit .was "instituted
early . in 1900. - . The : petition of < Frank i R.
Donlan;. who : was ; convicted'. of ' murder ¦ in
the ', first degree in the : Superior ' Court ; of
Tulare; County.' for,a«newi trial .because
of the admission of certain ! alleged Illegal
- ¦ * . ¦ • a -'¦•;
Supreme Court Decisions.
C. A. : Murdock'- next .spoke.-. He: ex
pressed regret > that the: functions of. the
State Board of Charities and Corrections
were -too little understood by; the people
at large. . He- contended that .nothing
could do so ' much ¦ for the State /in pro
portion to cost as such a body.-- He -> told
: of the difficulties to be encountered In : the
.Legislature whenever a : bill- designed to
benefit, the people of the State' ig offered
for introduction. The . average 'legislator
would make promises to do certain things;
but the fulfillment of his promises "was
an entirely different matter.) He 'believed
the time was ripe for 'the creation of a
State: Board of Charities and' Corrections
and he hoped that '.the work of ¦; the con
ference ' would ¦ be crowned* by ; success.. ' •
.A' resolution advocating the creation of
a State Board was 'submitted*. by Osgood
Putnam; and, , at the suggestion 7 , of .Dr.
Smith, it \ was referred.to. the -resolutions
committee to.be redrafted; .. The .confer
ence ;then adjourned to , meet at : 9 ', o'clock
this morning, when the-' section meeting
of the ¦; delegates will,; be held.r- At 11
• •M"i',''i"iVin i i i'i'T''i tith-i-m- •
. The "speaker | then .explained the differ
ences "between a State Board of Charities
and a; State Board of Control.. .While both
had their defects, the former under;com
petent' management ''was the most ¦ deslra
ble^-It isthe duty of the Governor of a
State to 'know-all about the ; charitable
institutions under his charge 8 and. the
Board of Charities' is better qualified v to
supply him with the. information he needs
In • order to see that their/ management is
'properly' conducted. -In conclusion, '-;- the
speaker said: ; ¦;. .-> . ¦ - ..'.. • ;.'..,
J ,Tbe trouble ,with most of our 'institutions -is
tfiat- the 'men "¦who . superintend • -them - have 'bo
much to do that they seldom find time to study
the' needs of those 'In their ' charge. -' Experi
ence ' has- taught us . that the - trustee system'
¦which acts in co-operation" with the- State 'has
•been adopted by most of the States.', Eighteen'
States have established • boards | of charities ) and
corrections. No new Idea has been- advanced
by. any State not having: such a' board. : It
co-ordinates all these institutions ' and .. binds
them together. I hold: that a bad system' well'
administered is far better than a good: system!
badly administered.' The question of the : per
sonal; politics of the superintendent of a State
institution is nobody's • business. -As* long as
public positions are used as spoil for party
• tricksters, or as a ¦ football i by i place-hunters'
possessed of ¦ greed, -. there ¦ is nos hope - for • this
betterment - ¦ of ' . our public -. institutions. -. "We
want ¦ practical men In charge of the State ln
etltutlons. It la a shame that "laborers are:
called to care for our insane: •¦ They .should -be
trained men and : women. ."• What ,¦ we* lack Is
proper education . without which. the settlement'
of the great ' questions which ' confront us can
not be secured. ¦- . ¦ .' c ' .--. r- ,
' Functions Too \ Little ' Understood, i
Differences Are Explained.
municipal' governments in ¦ Europe V than * In
America. "• It is a fact that they . are • more
advanced,' more ' economical and more intelli
gent in the municipalities across the -sea. .The
reason for this is that there Is van affinity
between-the center, of the municipal, and the
center of the state governments. . The relation
of the central government to. the municipality
Is a distinctive feature of government in XJu
rope. • In Paris the people vote 'the -taxes while
the general government spends them. , AH
charitable institutions In the European;munici
palities are managed directly by the central
authorities. -, ¦¦. -.¦¦¦• . ¦ , .'
Dr. Smith • was Introduced by ' the chair-'
man as the 'first : speaker, to 'address . the
convention on the work at hand.- His sub
ject was "State Board of Charities Versus 1
State Board of Control." " He defined" the
difference existing between private .bodies:
and those of- the State- operating -in -the;
fields of charity and correction.- Resum
ing, he said: : ; ; . . • . ,;. ¦>"¦"¦
. Never has there been a time when methods
of education were.- political - questions. ,- The
State must be regarded as a benevolent or
ganization having certain duties •: to ¦> perform.':
The State takes care of the feeble-minded, not
only because it is the State's duty; -but .be-',
cause In so doing It aids, the -family and pre
vents Its retrogression - to ¦ • pauperism.,. The,
State, as we ordinarily term It, 'undertakes tbe
education - of dependent cntldren because -that
Is one of the functions -of .government. The
chief matters this conference, therefore, must
consider are the care of criminals, feeble
minded and dependents. - ' • •-•••
We sometimes ask why. they have, better
State Board of Charity.
Executive — Osgood Putnam, Herbert i Lewis, j'
O?car Cushing, C. Ar Murdock, IT. H. .Wheelan. •
Nominations — B. • -Pendleton, - Miss ¦ Jessica
Peixotto. John F. Merrill. ' •• ; ¦.¦-,• '¦
Time and place— Mrs. . Pauline Dohrmann of
Stockton. T..J. Stewart, Katherine .B. ; Felton. .
President -Davis next explained-the pur
pose for which the conference was called.
It was designed to exchange ideas with a
view to diffusing reliable information re
specting charitable work and with . the
aim of assisting the work of charities and'
corrections in California.! It wagfthe hope
of the conference to interest the Legisla
ture and philanthropists In the. work and
secure their aid in the prosecution of its
aims. . «.-.; ; . ; . - • ; :
The president, then announced '.the fol
lowing committees of the convention:
your objects are noble ones and I ftel that you
will accomplish much good. True charity . is
an assistant to the needy who -are wot thy of
assistance. I hope you will achieve the ob
jects you have set out to 'accomplish. - nay. I
believe you -will. Again I welcome you -in be
half of the people of this city. - - -. '
PRESIDENT OF THE STATE CONFERENCE, WOMAN WHO HAS CHARGE: OF THE .'ARRANGEMENTS ;FOR
THE RECEPTION TO DELEGATES, AND A LEADING WORKER IN / THE CAUSE -WHO IS: ATTENDING THE
CONVENTION THAT OPENED LAST NIGHT. . , . , J .; • ¦' \. , . ,
He said he was walking along Kearny
street and was accosted at the corner of
Sutter street by a stranger who asked him
if he could drive a cab. He replied in the
affirmative and climbed up on the driver's
seat, while the stranger, he says, got In
side. He drove the cab down Kearny to
California, where It was struck by a Cali
fornia-street car and badly, wrecked. Mc-
Donald was thrown to the ground, but an
investigation failed to show that-any
body was inside the cab.
It is supposed by the police that Mc-
Dcnald. who had been drinking,' drove off
the vehicle as a frolic. It Is not thought
that the disastrous joke will have a fatal
termination. The driver of the cab missed
his vehicle and telephoned its loss to
police headquarters. It was restored " to
him later in a badly battered condition
George McDonald, a young man who
**5's he is employed as a clerk on the
steamship Guatemala, was brought to the
Receiving Hospital at an early hour this
morning suffering from numerous abra
sions of the hands and face and a possible
fracture of the skull.
George McDonald Buns Away With a
Cab and Collides With a
Streetcar.
HIS FROLIC KEAELY
COST HIM HIS LITE
Jury Finds the Killing
ofW.D. Griffin Was
Manslaughter.
G. D. GILLESPIE
IS CONVICTED
Captain Seymour obtained a description
of a man in Oakland who is said to resem
ble Bennett, and Mr. Krone spent yester
day afternoon across the bay in company
with a detective looking for the suspect.
It was learned that he had come to San
Francisco, but he had not been located
last night. No great importance Is at
tached to this clew, but In accordance
with the policy adopted in the "beginning
every bit of information that appears of
the least value Is sedulously Investigated.
Hugh Grant, the police court lawyer
¦who has figured prominently in the case,
and whose connection with it has been
thoroughly Investigated, was before Cap
tain Seymour again yesterday. He said
he had come to explain the matter of
having assaulted a woman in his offices
In the Emma Spreckels building, accounts
of which have been published in the pa
pers. He admitted the facts, and said
thaf the woman was his mistress with
whom he frequently quarreled, and that
he frequently chastised her physically,
but without doing her any serious injury
Conductor Fairweather of the Sutter
street line, •who is well acquainted with
Grant, told Captain Seymour that he had
let the lawyer off his car in front of the
Sutter-street house where the body was
found, but was unable to say that he had
ever seen G.-ant going into or coming from
the house. As Grant lived only two blocks
from the house in question, he might
easily have been carried beyond his desti
nation by accident. The police admit
that they have no evidence connecting
Grant with the murder of Nora. Fuller.
A waiter from the Cafe Royal, on noto
riety bent, called on Captain Seymour
yesierday and said be had been ap
proached by somebody, of whom he gave
a hazy description, and asked to carry a
rote to Nora Fuller. As this incident was
alleged to have occurred only a few days
ago, the waiter and his story were dis
missed as absurd. --•-" .-¦¦
At first he was somewhat struck by the
resemblance it bore to the man who gave
his name as Bennett, but after a careful
study of the features he decided It could
not be the much-sought murderer. He
said the face was coarser and the nostrils
too t. ide to correspond with Bennett. Be
sides the suicide had lost his upper front
teeth, while Bennett has a full set of ex
cellent teeth, which are well . taken
care of.'
As day follow/ day without any devel
opments in the Fuller murder case that
promise in any way to solve the hideous
mystery of Unit inexplicable crime, the
police and public bt^iu to doubt that. the
perpetrator will ever be made to answer
before a hurran tribunal. Yesterday pre
sented absolutely no new feature or sug
gestion, and the old matters connected
with the murder were threshed over, un
a.vailingly. Apparently everything con
cerning the criminal and the crime that Is
known to any lawabiding and innocent
citizen cf the community has been dl
vuiged to th« poilcf, out the solution of
the puzzle is as remote as it was when
the body ot Nora. Fuller was first found.
Captain Seymour franKly admits that only
unexpected aevelopments In the case offer
any char.ee of tracing down the criminal.
Some hope was raised yesterday that the
tangled titfcin of crime might be unraveled
parUaliy by an examination of the records
of the Morgue. It was discovered that
the body ot an unknown man who had
committed- suicide In Golden Gate Park
had been brought to the Morgue on Jan
uary lii, which answered in every detail of
height, dress, general appearance and
features to the description given of Ben
nett by J. \V. Krone, proprietor of the
Popular restaurant, where the murderer
arranged to meet his victim. I Mr. Krone
accompanied a Call reporter to the
Morgue and viewed the photograph of the
euicide.
The.' meeting was called to order by
President Horace Davis. On the stage
were Mayor Schmitz, C. A. Murdock and
Samuel G. Smith of St. Paul, Minn. The
Mayor was introduced amid applause. He
said:
I extend to you a hearty . welcome in the
name of the people of San Francisco. I know
days' session In the Auditorium of
the Young Men's Christian 'Association
last night. . The proceedings did not lack
Interest, however, and : the ¦ • preliminary
work-of the "conference was accomplished
to the satisfaction of all : concerned. .¦ .
THE Inclement weather • interfered
.. materially with the attendance a r t
the; conference' of * Charities and
Corrections, which : began a three
Resemblance to Bennett,
but Is Not tne Man.
Unknown Suicide Shows
No New Light Shed on
the Baffling Mystery
of Girl's Death. £J£-'
Delegates Are Welcomed by :;M
the Pedple^of San Francisco and Dr. Samuel G. Smith
-. Opens Session V/ith an Eloquent^ Thoughtfulv Address
FULLER MURDER
STILL UNSOLVED
STATE CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES
AND CORRECTIONS BEGINS ITS WORK
FIXES PENALTY
AT LIFE TERM
Thomas Moran Is Saved
5 From th"e Gallows by
Leniency of Jury.
Second Conviction Secured in
/ Trial of G-. D. Rice's
Murderers:
"Guilty of , murder in' the first degree,
with life imprisonment," was the .verdict
returned .last • evening by . the jury, in the
case : of -Thomas i Moran, who , was. tried
before - Judge? La wlor .on ; . the • charge * of
complicity in the brutal murder or George
W. V Rice, # the non-union . machinist -who
was , foully^ murdered at Twentieth .and
Howard streets on October 11. The jury
was, out- more than four hours before it
'agreed -upon the verdict.
. The defense put a number of witnesses
on the stand yesterday to testify as to
the defendant's good character, but
contrary to ¦ expectation Moran. was not
called. ¦ ' .:.'>•• *
! 'Attorney Peter F. Dunne commenced
1 the .'argument before the jury for : the
prosecution and reviewed the- evidence at
length. He argued 'that there was 'a con-,
spiracy to murder Rice and Moran was
one of the" conspirators. He "dwelt upon,
the : contradictory . statements made by
Moran after his arrest and his final ad
mission that he and .three other, con
spirators went out to the Mission on the
evening of October 11 to "get a scab."
He concluded , by demanding that, justice
should be meted out to the defendant for
his participation in the , diabolical crime.
•Attorney .George - D. Collins -made a
lengthy argument for . the defense. He
pointed out the ¦ discrepancy between the
witnesses "for the prosecution, Piatt de
claring that Moran wielded the club that
felled Rice to the ground, while Keaveny
declared that * the .man who wielded the
club rode on the car in front of him and
attacked Rice as soon as he stepped from
the car, contradicting Piatt. Then there
was-the evidence of the boy Arthur
Cleve, who saw Moran standing beside
Buckley when Buckley fired the shots
into Rice's prostrate form,. but he did not
see Moran use a club.- He claimed that
the prosecution did not try. to prove that
Moran was the man who wielded the
club. /; ' . • _.
-He argued that no conspiracy to mur
der had been proved, which was essential
before a- verdict could be brought against
the defendant." All that was shown was
that' the men met in a saloon and some
one said they were going out to the Mis
sion to "get a scab," but that did not
show .-that murder . was intended. He
urged the jury: as reasonable men to
acault the defendant. «
Assistant District Attorney Alford
made the closing argument and replied
to the arguments of Collins. , ;
The jury then retired* and reached the
foregoing verdict. . ¦
Rifles Entertain.
Despite the inclement weather a large
audience was in attendance at the enter
tainment ?.nd dance given "at Odd Fellows'
Hall last night,' under the'auspices of the
headquarters staff and officers of ! tHe
American British Rifles. • The programme
was : made up of twelve interesting:- num
bers and each well merited the liberal-ap
plause. Notably so was the exhibition of
expert swordsmanship by Sergeant Major
R. F. Reid '.of; the Rifles, announced as
the , champion ; swordsman , of the '¦¦ world.
Some- of : his tricks, with a keen edge
sword, were cleverly executed. " The
members of the committees having the
entertainment in hand, who were in evi
dence during the, evening in their natty
khaki uniforms, were: Major Frederick
"W. d"Evelyn, , chairman. Reception com
mittee—Major Wright, Captain Milton
Nathan, Lieutenant Colonel E. Peacock,
Lieutenant A. E. Sykes. Floor manager-
Lieutenant C. E. Peacock; assistant, C.
C. Williamson. ¦"¦¦'.•• ->¦
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, /FEBRUARY 15, 1902.
14
Hale's. . | Hole's. I
t^^^ r^^W^^<^ Men's Shirts.
Laundered Ones at 55c ; Un-
Jb~*£^Good Gooo*s< laundered Ones at 35c and 50c.
We close this evennqond every Unusual values to-day. Good
o j j '"¦" '. "-~ ~+ d X'~fA~L> enough shirts and well enough made
Saturday evening at 6 o clock. {or a £ y man to wear
— Those at. 35c are of good muslin,
Tp/vjlr><- C^an pr llAV linen bosoms, reinforced front and
lOIietpOcl^J, 5^ DUA, back, seams are all double, con-
Three cakesLin a box» and a very tinuous facing, split neckbands,
good soap it is, too. >Petromilk, cpn- 35c each or three for $1.00. Every
.taining' petroleum and' buttermilk. size. *
Cakes are usual 'size., At. 43c— Unlaundered shirts: are of
TVfcrvt-fi.Pnvvriet* • New York's mills' muslin.' It's up
lOOtll KOWOCP--- to the standard in every way. Re-
m.^K "r m «i ±*\* *U u inforced and protected wherever
1 OOtn OPUS n the strain comes . i t « s t he best bar-
It is Evan's Listerated tooth soap, gain in a white shirt we can get.
antiseptic, the very thing for clean- Sizes 14 to 17.
ing, beautifying and preserving the Laundered Shirts at 55c — Have
teeth, as well as hardening the gums. linen bosoms, are reinforced, have
The Brush, is an imported bristle continuous facing, gussets, split
one. It in itself is worth 15c. Buy neckbands, continuous bosoms,
the two torday for 15c. • Sizes 14 to 17.
Children's Box Reefers at $1.50.
. • " ' To-day ior the First Time.
They have notched collars, trimmed with braid. In red, castor and blue.
Sizes 4 to 10 years.
'Misses' and Children's Jackets at $2.50.
To-day for the First Time
Some have shoulder capes, some coat collars, some are double-breasted.
In some we have only small sizes, in others only big sizes. Taking them right
through we can fit any one from 4 to 18. Colors red and blue.
Choice of these Reefers arid Jackets $8.95.
Original values were from $5.00 to S7.50; a few of them were as high as
$10.50, double-breasted, fitted jackets. Some have velvet collars, some are
braid trimmed, some are silk-lined. There are not all sizes in everything,
though we are sure to*find a size to fit every one ffom 4 to 18 in the lot.
Sale of "Mackintoshes.
Ppices Reduced This Mopning.
—$2. 50 ones' are $2. 00.
—"$3:95lones are $8.00. v
-i$5.00 ones for $8.75. .
—$6.75, $7.50 and $8.50 ones at $5.00.
This season's in perfect condition. If they don't sell
now we are afraid they won't be in perfect condition next sea-
son, so we take this loss when you can profit most by it.
At $5.00. At $3.00.
Were $6.75, $7.5O,$S.5O Yes- Wer6 93.95 Yesterday—Women's
.terday — Women s mackintoshes, in . . , . . ., -
tan, navy and Oxford gray checks, d misses ' in brown ' blue . Ox "
with cape; others in automobile ford and checks, with cape; others
• style. '-:• '-• ¦ '- r in automobile style.
At $3.75. mx «« nn
Were $5.OO Yesterday-^Fancy m . „. " /It J»*' uu<
doth front mackintosh, brown Were *2.oO Yesterday—Women's
mixed .shades, with cape; a splen- and misses' mackintoshes, in white
¦ did durable garment. checks, with capes. ' *
SPECIAL BARGAINS,
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 22£ lbs. $1.00
Extra Special. Limit $1.00.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50c sack .... 80c
_. Market has advanced. Reg. 90c.
POTATOES 8&m BURBANKS, box . .$1.60
Reg. $2.00. Limit 1 Box.
Best L Bros.' Brand PICNIC HAMS, Ib. 10c
_„ Sugar Cured. Re*. 12c.
CHOICE Pdnt Reyas EUTTER, square. .40c
Reg. 50c.
FINhsf CREAMERY, Our Special, square 45c '
5AN f A ROSA RANCH EG6S, doz .... 22is
. "Ree. 23c.
BEST MISSION EGGS....... ......25c
Gathered and Received Daily. "Reg. 27«c
McBRAYER WHISKEY,. quart bottle "85c
.-.- Old Sour Mash. - v Distilled from selected
• g F,T? lli J 8 absolutel y Pure- Extra Spe-
;. a.^V^- ?113 -. By th * « aL
BES^EASTERN CODFISH, 21 lbs.... 25c
BAKtSV BEST COCOA, Mb. can. . . .20c
Special Request. Reg. 25c.
ZINFANDEL and CLARET, 2a,*" - n!. ¦ 75c
8 Tears Old. Reg. $1.00.
MACKEREL in Mustard SAUCE, can. . .I2ic
Reg. 20c. , *
EXTRA TAaLE FRLUS, 3 2Mb. cans 50c
Peaches, Pears, Apricots. Rejr *Oe can
ANT.StPTIC Red M. SOAP, ID cakes. 25c
Cleanses. Scours and Polishes
Everything. Reg. -6 for 25c
CARNATION -uREAM, 3 cans 25c
Reg. 10c can. f
BESl sUtiAS UiJRN, 3 cans 25c
Reg. -12%c can. Limit 3 cans.
CREAM FLAKE MUSH, 10 lbs 25c
Reg. 8 lbs 25c.
FRENuri UASTiLt SOAP, 3-lb. tar. . . .25c
Virgin Brand. Reg. 30c.
MACAhONI, SPAGHETTI, btt ...20c
Vermicelli. 1 Rejr. 25c,
PETIT POIS FRENCH fiAS, can I2*c
• Rtg. 20c can.
JAPAN HdAD RICE, 4 lbs 25c
Reg. 10c Ib. - * UU
MUi>TOMAT SAUCE, bottle 25c
King of All Sauce. Reg. 35c.
1348-1354 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Store*.
SEE THE POINT ?
Of leaving •with us. or having: ua call for,
your soiled linen, underwear, socks, etc.?
"Well, the gist of the matter Is that we
do our work well, get the clothes clean,
starch and Iron them promptly and return
them promptly without tearing them to
rags or making undue inroads Into your
pocket— a point well made, is it not? No
saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSU
Office lOO4Markst Str»»=.
Tefephone— South *2O,
Oakland Off lca-54 San Pablo Ava.
t DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOS MW.
Established 13SL Coo-
eultatlon and private boo«
free at offlce or by xaaiU
*-ur«a guaranteed. .
•731 MARKET ST. }
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
SALE OF
Rainy-Day- Skirts,
SLQS For "WOMEN'S . WALKING
•P*»*J SKIRTS. ;- cut;\,with flare
flounce, •- strapped . .seams, Inside
: seams bound and tailored; made of
. heavy all-woor suiting; deep stitch-
Ing on bottom; -regular $3 50 value.
%2 ?S WOMEN'S STYLISH WALK-
#C.CJ ING SKIRTS, made of heavy
Melton cloth, with beautiful flare
.bottom; finely stitched with many
rows , of tailor stitching; actually
¦: -worth 'double. . -
i? SA For WOMEN'S FINE MEL-
ft.JV <TO N CLOTH WALKING
SKIRTS, all seams ¦ heavily welted;
.new flare flounce; regular $3 75 value.
Half price on all we've left of
CHILDREN'S CLOAKS, made of all-
wool cloths/ In Venetians, kerseys,'
cheviots, cashmeres and tricots; sizes
2 to 12 years. ... . . ... :
C? QQ For regular $6 Cloaks.
Higher or lower priced .garments re-
duced in same proportion.
Another Hosiery Snap To-bay
WOMEN'S FANCY COLORED HO-
. SIERY, full finished and fast colors;
: regular, price 16c;- on sale to- Q«
day ..-.../..........;......... >PaIr 7 C
WOMEN'S 25o ' BLACK ! LISLE 5 RIB-
BED HOSE, Hermsdorf dye; on 17/4
sale ......:...:.....:........:. Pair '. 1 «r
CHILDREN'S 15c HEAVY' or FINE
RIBBED BLACK HOSE: on%H«
sale ....Pajr i 1 *^
3 CORSEt SPECIALS.
Our regular guarantee goes with*
. each pair. You can ; wear :-. a .corset
bought of us 30 days; if then not sat-
isfactory, 'return .the i.worn' corset and
we'll' refund your money." _ ,
Qfi« For choice of any. $1 60 CORSET
7O V ,in the store; this. Includes the
newest Tape Girdle Corset,. all col-
ors/- Sold all over the city.at $1 50.
Ci'IO' For choice of any $2 CORSET
¦P W7 in the , store.
WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR.
7Q/» For choice ; of any 50c VEST 'or
V~^ : PANTS in the store.- This offer
•" takes in : about 15 different 1 lines long
"or short sleeves, heavy, medium ; or
light : weight. 'iiHMHiMBHH
QO/» For. choice of any $1 50 ALL-
yOC .WOOL VESTS or PANTS in the
. '-.¦ store; ' in colors' of' pink, *ed,
white, or." ecru.V About- 10 , lines at
, .this price to select from." ,
Only about'. 10'- dozen WOMEN'S
FLANNEL WAISTS left.
< To-day we'll sell regular,.
$1.00. .WAISTS at.................... « c
$2.50 at.................... Qtoj,
$4.66, WAISTS at. .......... ••••••• J^Q
FLANNEL WRAPPERS; 7
OQ« For ¦ regular SI 50 ; WRAPPERS.
O7W^ ma d e i O f ' best flannelette, » In
; ¦ pretty' stripes and figures ; prettily
¦ trimmed with -braids;, flounce 'bot-
tom. ' • ' ..-¦'':
«j OQ "• 'For -WRAPPERS, made of
•P 1 * 6 '-• German Flannel; waist and
; ; sleeves i lined; : stylishly ¦-: made '. ' and
''trimmed; full skirt ..with deep flounce;
/¦ regular,; $2 ivalue. ' •' :¦> ¦,
'^'e're Open r To-Night Till 11 O'C/ock.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.;
i - <'¦ :* ' f 1 Between Taylor "and Jones.
Made of Pure Grape Cream of Tartar. \
against alum*
>pyal utMHQ rowt>t« co., 100 wauMn $t, # hiw 'von** ±
/«KfOR^^«fe::--TO BE \
' /YOUR SIZE :f rffia&i^g^FIT.TED
P^Must Be
- * S^Ul a sat '8f action " to Jwearers of ¦"'.
, .; • SOROSIS Shoes to realize that they :
; : a r°.not now marked down to half
\ '. the price originally • paid '• for them.
Shoes . that are marked • up have to'
be . marked " down. SOROSIS Shoes
>. come !n ;¦ 100 . styles, every leather, \
, • and sell always at the slightest mar-
J - £ Kln_ above; cost.' < $3.50. • :' .
i • - e do - not hay e shopworn . sales.
;¦, ;. -Even ..with daily' shipments .from ?
our . factory .. we . find it difficult at
¦ tl mes to supply : t he ' phenomenal : de •
mand.for SOROSIS.. They, there-
. * ore . > never, grow, musty with ' age. "
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY . AT •
50 Third SL
»j , t *'; Second Shoe Store from Market.