no_textt/Then many were surprised to remember
in "Bras de Fer". an athlete- who "was
born- and had' lived alii his life in ; Paris.
v •'-• .; ¦>-"¦-¦ • • ¦ '. ¦- ¦¦ ¦-¦' ¦¦ ¦¦¦ : ¦¦
There came many then to the house in
the Rue Quatre Croches,! and when : the
messenger came with a" medal. to the Un
known from the Emperor as a reward for.
his bravery in saving the soldier .from
the Seine he -found, "Bras de* Fer,'' «* now' 1
known as M. .Alfred. Perrier,' engaged in
lifting a dumbbell weighing 140 ' pound;?
with one ' hand: Three - times he put -it
above his T head. by -the strength of one
hand, and the messenger and those with
him went away wondering.,'.. , ¦
osity was rife and gossip loud concerning
him. It was finally all solved by a curi
ous passer-by in the Rue Quatres Croches,
who saw through an open entresol a man
putting up dumbbells of great size in the
courtyard beyond.;- The marvelous ' ease
with which he handled them, as also
something; in the outlines 5 and poses of
the man, caused the curious passer-by to
stop and ask of a serving maid ' near by
who" might inhabit the house. -She replied
that, Mons. Alfred Perrier dwelt there
with - his ' family; and. just then a voice
called out, into ': the ; courtyard . from, an
upper window: "Bras de Fer!" It was
thevolce of : the girl.of the Hippodrome,
now his wife. .The passer-by did not wait
for confirmation *of what 'he had already
suspected, but -went and -, spread t it . far
and wide that through him the "Un
known" was known.
but who, when the time came to show
his greatest ability, as a wrestler, had
preferred to set all Paris guessing.
- There came another medal from the
director, of - the Hippodrome in recognition
cf this ability. Following this was an
offer for an engagement with the Clrcque
Prince Imperial, which M. Perrier accept- .
ed, and the towns of the . French - pro
- vinces showered f .-esh laurels upon "Bras
de Fer" 'In" many, wrestling .; matches ' and
exhibitions of strength, for he thought
nothing of holding by histeeth a cask of.
¦nine containing 300. litres. .'
The. following is. the quaint notice that,
appeared in a journal of Orleans during
the provincial tour: "Behold. i M. Perrier,
. known as 'Bras,- de Fer,'. '.and' Frederic,
two champion "'wrestlers .before each
other; they" were'- magnificent — to look
upon, these champions who find, them
selves in a contest for. the first time; one
" attacking ' with caution,"' the other pre-'
. serving: the defensive and watching any
mistake of hi3 adversary; "Bras de Fer'
won' the contest.",: On the return from
this trip M.V Perrier spent some time in
. Paris and 'engaged in "fencing practice
¦with the expert M. Paul de Cassagnaci •
Then "Bras de Fer". went to London,
where his fame had ' preceded him, and
during the year speht ; ,thefe, appeared at
the f Crystal Palace, the Alhambra.and
-other resorts In the wonderful _ feats* of
- strength that, had; made him famous.
Among these: may be mentioned the feat
of lying down and holding up a cask of
wine with his teeth . while a^ horse and a
None" but a practiced athlete of great
strength could have performed such a
skillful feat and avoided being struck by
the head [ of the falling man. While in
London ¦ a poor woman who had heard
much of the. courage of "Bras de Fer"
came to him and wanted him to take her
two sons and do -for- them • . and '.make
them famous athletes ' like himself. He
took them and did what; he could for
them, and one of them traveled with him
for years, afterward coming to San Fran
cisco with him..- M. Perrier appeared
with Blond in many times in London and
also received Invitations from sixty-seven
professors in London inviting him to visit
the gymnasiums and give exhibitions of
bis. strength. M. Perrier- came to San
Francisco in the early /seventies s.nd,.with
him" , was . the , young man ' whom he had
taken to train in London. They did a
trapeze act together and onco they had*
an" -accident, which came near beins a
--•¦¦»
. man stood on a board platform laid upon
his chest. •¦ \
He also met and vanquished some of
the best known English wrestlers. His
strength and courage saved \ another life
at a fire In London. M. .Pefrier was
among the crowd before a burning house.
The steps of the interior had burned
away and a man was waving appealing
arms 'from the second-story windowl
¦ Perrier called to him to jump. Then he
braced those wonderful arms of his, and
as the man shot down he caught him
with a quick sure grasp right around his
body without so much as a quiver of tfie
rescuer's limbs., .'.."¦•
M. Perrier is entertaining and vivacious,
and one can sit by the hour and listen
when he begins: "I jump, every night Into
zc carriage, ze horses fly like zs wind. Zen
comes ze big door of ze Hippodrome It
fly open andzen I am rere. But it is not
me after all. for I myself forget, and I am
,'Bras > Uc Fer," ze masked wrestler at
Paris." ALFRED DEZENDOEJ.
At the restaurant on Montgomery street
he is always ready to talk over the o'd
days, and he may even give you a feat
or two that will astonish you.- Not so
long ago at a little dinner the guests were
treated to something not on the menu.
The waiter brought on the wrong glasses
for one of the comforting liquids without
which no French dinner is complete. Per
rier reproved him, but the man made a
second mistake, whereat "Bras de Fer"'
pretended to be exceeding wroth, and
taking the side of the table in his teeth
picked it up bodily and started to walk
after the waiter with U.
" - He was for some time engaged with the
members of the San Francisco police
force, and trained them In athletics, car
riage, etc.
M. -Perrier gave up wrestling as a pro
fession some years since,' but the memo
ries of the days of the masked wrestler
of Paris are not empty ones with him.
for his strength still makes him a for
midable adversary. -i
Currtculurr. It was^snccessluliy «.c=a-uct
ed by him for some time. He also was
an early member of California Lodge No.
12 of the Elk3, and is still a favorite mem
ber of that popular order.
After the three months at the Hippo
drome: the unknown disappeared as . sud
denly as he had first appeared, and curi-
Only for a brief recognition, and then
the rumble of the coach was but an echo
in the distance. But the story of the
rescue spread, and the next night at the
Hippodrome flowers and greeted the
champion as he entered the ring.
and splashed over after the soldier. His
arms were strong at swimming," as they
were. at wrestling, and in a few 'momenta
the would-be suicide was safe by the
roadside, muttering "Bras tie Fer," as. the
unknown bent over him.
Three drunken soldiers, just returned
from a ball on . this . January midnight,
were, trying to'dissuade one of their num
.ber.from some terrible deed evidently.' As
| the coach came abreast of them the most
violent one, who seemed to be in , great
and desperate trouble, slipped from them,
leaving his coat in their hands, and with
a cry, .rushed across the road, scaled the
low wall and plunged into', the river. In
the same second, almost,' "Bras de. Fer,"
still masked, was out of the coach
> As; they drove along the road separated
by a stone .;¦ wall - from' . the Seine and
"neared the military, barracks there came
the sound of a scuffle.' r;':-!-''';?
'.There came the celebrated Andre Chrls
tol to be thrown and thrown again by
those arms of iron.' Then the unknown
had an adventure that made of him a
hero in reality, but of his own will a
hero without a. name, j Surmises of course
flew over the city, but so carefully had
the mask and his own efforts so far con
cealed his identity' . that * the populace
knew him only as "Bras de Fer." One
night : .as he ' left the Hippodrome , by j an
unknown exit, as -was always his cus
tom, and urged the horse ' onward - to
reach the ; spot, where the coachman had
orders to let htnvallght— -a spot some dis
tance from where j he really -made his
abode— a strange thing happened.
For three months the 'Hippodrome was
filled ..nightly to see. the* unknown van
quish many, among them Charlemagne,
the champion of the Paris Gymnase.
tlon of the amphitheater. This was won
dered at until one night, in a tensely ex
citing moment in the bout, when it looked
as though the man in scarlet would gain
and keep his vantage, some one saw
"Bras de Fer" bow his head and make
the charmed sign. His eyes gave one
brief but direct glance toward the east.
There in a lofty seat far from the ring a
plainly clad young woman rose for one
brief second and waved her glove. By a
quick, dexterous grasp "Bras, de Fer"
forced his opponent to his knees. Then
the" interest in the unknown was doubled,
for it was certain that he was no-sor
cerer, but worshiped a demoiselle. . .
The common stable fly, or horsefly, is
of three kinds. The large mourning
horsefly is of auriiform black; ¦ the white
lined fly differs only in dress, being of
the same annoying species; the smaller
golden-headed r horse and. ox flies have
banded wings. The female alone sucks
blood, while the male feeds, daintily upon
flowers. The larvae, however, are car
nivorous.
The mosquito and the black fly we speak
of together because of the equally, pain
ful discomfort of their biter; but zoolog- .
Ically they differ a little. The mosquitoes
are cullcidae, culex being Pliny's name
for the fly. They have feathery anten
nae and a fringe of hair on the hind mar
gin of the wing. The larvae develop on
the surface of stagnant pools. As the
larvae have a respiratory tube open at
the tall end, they rest vertically ' near the
surface of the water, head down and the
tail at the surface, in order to breathe
through that end. The reason they are
killed by pouring kerosene oil over the
water Is that the oil makes a film through
•which they cannot breathe, ¦ which liter
ally smothers them to death. The black
flies, on the other hand, are long-horned
flies, the nematocera. '. What boy In the
Adirondack woods this summer, or in
past summers, has not seen and felt them!
The females alone, like the female mos
quitoes, are the blood-suckers. -The larvae
also live .and develop on the .surface of
the water.
You may ask possibly what good do the
flies and what real harm, or which do
they more than the other— good or harm?
The diptera directly and indirectly are. a
nuisance to man, because the horsefly and
the horn fly torment horses and cattle;
the buffalo gnat actually ' kills some bf
the domestic animals, as does the bot
fly; the larvae of some kinds -of flies, in
jure gall gnat, destroy clover and. Its
seed; the Hessian fly does great damage
to wheat and to Indian corn. But we
cannot deny that some of the, diptera
do great good in preying on injurious,in
sects. There is .a! robber fly which at
tacks and devours the common
house fly, . v the stable fly, bumble
bees and dragon . flies. ( The lar
vae of the horseflies are carnivorous;
they prey on many kinds of insect
larvae. Some of the diptera act" as scav
engers. Have you never heard what good
, work is done by the mosquito larvae?
They are scavengers.. We might have the
work done by a pleasanter workman; but
at least give them their due for the only
known benefit they confer., upon the hu
man race. The carrion fly eats deca yinj?
animal matter, * while some diptera - eat
decaying vegetable matter. The crowning
work of all is that of the larvae of flies
which, by; boring into" rotten wood, helj)
make the forest mold. You will not, we
think, find any scientific man who would
dare to say that mankind 7 would be bet
te: off if all the diptera were gone from
the face 'of the earth.-Our Animal
Friends. . •
A LOT OF INFORMATION ABOUT
THE PESKY LITTLE FLY.
<? F there is any living creature that you
I think you know, it is the fly. But
II while you have seen flies, and have
perhaps been tormented by some of
that family this summer, how much do
you really know about them?
" The flies you know best are the house
fly. the stable fly and the mosquito. Their
general family name is dlptera, which is
given as well to other members of the
family, for it is legion. "Diptera" means
twice-winged— a term which belongs to all
two-winged Insects. The larvae of the
house fly and of the stable fly are born
in filth, but as soon as they are fully de
\-eloped they soar Into the sunshine and
free air. Only on damp days do they care
to enter houses and stables; for files can
not bear to be out In the -wet. So sensi
tive are they to moisture that they will
go almost anywhere to avoid it. We do
r.ot need to tell you that to drive flies
from the house you should darken the
rooms and give the little creatures a
chance to escape into, the sunshine. They
will avail themselves of it readily enough.
As the flies of which we are speaking de
velop In filth, it is natural that cleanly
human beings should do their best to be
rid of them. Flies swarming upon arti
cles of food are a menace to health, as
any physician will tell you.
To keep to the house fly ana to be^in
at the beginning, we must tell you that it
is one of the short-horned diptera, its
special name of brachycera meaning
short-hern or antenna, because- the an
tennae are short. They are also three
jointed, with the third joint ringed. If
you can look at a common ¦ house fly un
der the microscope you will at once sec
what we mean.- This fly lays its eggs in
manure cr other filth, and as 100 or 200
eggs are usually laid by a single female,
you see that a mother fly - is very much
like the famous old woman -who lived in
a shoe. In warm weather it takes only a
lew hours for the eggs to hatch in mag
gots or larvae; It takes only a week for
the maggots -to become, full-grown flies;
within, two weeks' they are busy starting
families of their own. , If t..e common fly
had no enemies it would torment mankind
far more than it does. Nature manages,
however, (o keep her balance, even with
§a fly. Tiny parasites destroy many of the
larvae before they have half a chance to
develop. In the autumn you will find a
fungous growth choking the life out of
the flies that- it infests. Have you never
found dead flies on the window pane, their
bodies wrapped in an odd sort of winding
sheet rn&de of very fine white threads
; ticking- out in every direction?. If you
iiaven't, you may look for them this au
tumn, and feel that you have learned
something of the tragedy which can come
tnto the. life of a Gr. .-
speculation as to who this "Bras de Fei-
might be,- and would the defeated masked
man ever, dare ; to stand up " before : him :
again, or would he have the 1 chance, for.,
the unknown disappeared^ as completely^
as though he^iiad never* been." ¦.;:": j" '
Days afterward a street .gamin 'stoutly
averred before an open-mouthed group of
. his kind that The had Seen going toward
the Hippodrome - a '¦ coach ;• and in • it sat •
the masked man in black. :The next
morning -Paris knew, that "Bras de Fer'
had declared his willingness to meet all
comers at "the Hippodrome for the cham
pionship In feats of : strength and wrest
ling. The former champion, the man; in
scarlet, not content with his defeat, ap
peared again and again, but never in the
space of a month could he regain his
former position .' In the hearts of the
Parisians, for not once did he vanquish
"Bras, de Fer, the masked "wrestler of
Paris.". '".'••• .• %¦¦¦ '¦ . -
One thing was noticed" among -the su-;
perstitious. Bras . de Fer, before encoun
tering an adversary in the • ring, always
made a sign that looked like that of tho
cross, and always : toward a certain por-
serious one for the lad. He dropped from
'the trapeze in which he had been sitting
with M. Perrier to a small platform pre
pared to receive him just above the
. stage. The .platform, which was slight
in construction, gave way and the young
acrobat was precipitated into the orches
tra-; Fortunately not much harm was
I done I further . than : scattering the musi
cians.
At Woodward's Gardens M. Perrier ap
peared In feats of strength, and was re
ferred to as the French Hercules. One of
fcis feats was sustaining a bear by his
teeth while hanging from a trapeze. He
also : app'eared in many wrestling bouts,
meeting Andre Christol, Mons. Vincent.
M. Vanon and others. Here he had a fall
from the trapeze, which laid him on the
shelf for three weeks. He offered a pres
. ent to any one lifting his 260-pound dumb
bells with one hand, but no one offered
to do so but his partner, M. Vanon. M.
Perrier afterward opened a gymnasium on
Sutter street and called it the Athletle
Promptly on the hour appeared the
masked man, the athlete of mystery, a
tall, strong figure in flaming scarlet and
a vivid mask. Scarcely had the bravos
begun that greeted him when at the other
extremity of the ring stood the unknown,
an exceedingly lithe figure, tall also, and
made more impressive by its habit of
v masked wrestler of Paris is in
I San Francisco. -lie it is who in sun-
I ny France was called "Bras de Fer,"'
I and whose arms of iron were for
many months the terror of all other
wrestlers who fell because of them at the
Hippodrome. Here he is the proprietor of
a French restaurant in the Latin quarter
and caters to the palates of many of the
most noted bon vivants of San Francisco.
Prior to this he was famous in this city
also for his wonderful feats_ of strength
and skill in wrestling, and was known as
the French Hercules. Woodward's Gar
dens was the scene of some of his most
wonderful and daring exploits. .
The story of how he came by his title of
"Bras de Fer" in Paris is a romantic his
tory, with the touch of the spectacular
In It that the volatile Frenchmen delight
in. The youth who grew to be called the
masked wrestler of Paris through his
feats of great strength was the son of a
builder of Paris. His athletic career was
in full swing by the time he was 20 years
of age. In 1S62 he appeared in public at
the Hippodrome in Paris, and that ap
pearance, with its dramatic incidents,
made him first in the affections of the
sport-loving public.
Paris was just then enjoying the mys
tery of a masked strong man, who was
appearing at the Arene Athletique. He
had vanquished many in wrestling and his
identity was surrounded by the deepest
mystery, which was added to by the suit
and mask of blazing scarlet which he al
ways wore.
Stories flew thick and fast concerning
his wealth and lineage, and a chateau In
the north of France, which it was said he
left simply because he was a trained ath
lete, strong beyond compare, and would
fain gratify his desire to show his
prowess. That his face had never ap
peared save behind the scarlet mask had
its charm also for the Parisians, for did
it not give one a mystery to solve?
He was the champion of all he surveyed
so far, for-no onenad yet met him in the
ring and survived his onslaught. But time
went on, and then one day Paris, was
glad to have an "added chapter in the
n ystery of "L'homme masque."
The report went on the boulevards and
Sn .he cafes that the masked man had
'•ec'.ived a challenge from an unknown to
•r°ri. him for a wrestling bout at the Hip
. 'rome. "On. the third night," the chai
!• nge read; and all Paris cculd hardly
wait. But the time came, and never were
7 he seats of the amphitheater so fulL Ex
pectation buzzed, and even the music had
a question in it. .
Thus began the -career of "Bras de Fer,
the masked wrestler of Paris," for,
though it was never known who called
him by that name in the hippodrome, ; yet
it clung to him. Then there was much
As the voice pealed through the still
ness, the unknown threw back his head
as if to acknowledge the name', but no
sound came from nisi lips, and the black
mask was as if it had never moved. Then
with a graceful bow to the defeated
wrestler in scarlet, the unknown disap
peared, followed by shouts of applause. '
The tension grew greater at the begin
ning of the third bout, for this was to de
cide if the sporting world of Paris .should
have a new idol. After some narrow es
capes on both sides, the unknown threw
open his arms, allowing the man in scar
let to grasp him around his waist and
raise him from the ground, but^ before the
scarlet could throw him he had squirmed
out bf danger. Then came the crucial mo
ment. Both men grasped each other sud
denly and the unknown, twisting the man
in scarlet over on both shoulders, pressed
him down— down— down, and then. In the
silence, tense and expectant, two things
happened. As. the unknown pressed his
opponent down in the fall that gave him
self the match', the black mask in some
way became loosened and fell, partially
revealing his features, and simultaneously
.there rang through the hippodrome, the
voice of a man who cried, "It is he, 'Arms
of Iron.'" ,"
From the beginning, of the second bout
it was evident that the unknown intended
to do his utmost. He seized the man in
scarlet, and swinging around him caught
him with both hands and threw him over
his shoulder; but he, landing on his ha.nds
and knees, pounced upon the unknown,
and seizing him around his body, threw
him on one shoulder, several feet "from
him. The unknown landed on his hands
and knees: then followed some fine exhi
bitions of skill and finally the unknown,
by a quick motion, threw the man in scar
let upon one shoulder, both men lying
shoulder to shoulder with the man in
scarlet at 1 a disadvantage and the un
known edging over his breast, pressed the
other shoulder to tlfe ground, winning the
fall. Then again the amphitheater re
echoed with 1 the bravos, but this time they
were for the man in' somber black. .
somber black, and to further carry out
the signature of the challenge, "the un
known" also wore a mask of the same
dead hue.. Another round of applause and
then the contest was begun. The open
ing bout was exciting enough with Its
lively action and ended with the masked
man In scarlet pressing his shoulders upon
the face of the unknown, and forcing him
fairly to the floor.' The sports of Paris
were wild with joy that their idol, their
man of mystery, should not be dethroned,
and the huzzas lasted during the ten min
utes breathing space before the next chap
ter in the contest.
l^pioits of the §Feai
the Wastes
0? the ;
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE FAMOUS
"MASKED WRESTLER
OF PARIS"
NOW LIVES IN
SAN FRANCISCO
2. %/ .< ,;..:f. . :¦ - ¦
•THE. ; : ;SU^"D^-Y^?CAI;Ii.-. v
3: The statement ought to have some ef
fect on the well-established business of
finding "heirs" for vast estates. Dozens
of astute persons, disinclined for ordinary
labor, have made comfortable livings out
of credulous people who have contributed
to funds to secure these estates." to which
they believed themselves entltled*aa heirs. ,
The claim agents have not restricted their'
operations to any one . country— Canada,
the United ¦ States, the Continent of Eu
rope. 1 the British colonies, have provided
a living' for them. Great Britain and
Ireland have done so. too, though It la
"American estates" that have been used
as bait In England to some extent.-
I? T is sho-K-n by offlclal . returns to Par
11 liament that in the' English chancery
li there is about £36,000,000, or say, $2S0.-
COO.OCO, of which all but about $6,000,000
is kept subject to the orders of the court
in cases now before it. This sum of $fj,
000,000, known officially as "dormant funds .
in chancery," Is the only amount of chan
cery for which owners are not absolutely
visible, and for a large part of these dor
mant funds owners are pretty certainly
known.
UNCLAIMED GOLD.
the sound or the scent of ' your- party '
reaches their ears or their noses, the
great herd of four hundred come like a
¦whirlwind over the tundra. The word has '
been passed among them that there is an
excitement, an arrival. They come to see,
as boys rush to a" fire,; They come to
listen, they come to smelL ¦
Then, like a trained chorus entering for
he. was allowed one hundred and twenty
five of the deer. He, was so successful in
raising them ; that; he increased. his herd
to four hundred and died then, leaving
Mary, his wife, to care for his property.
This she has done ever since,, arid 'she.
has shown as good business ability ' as
Charlie did. - , *
If Mary decides to receive you she , will
come out to meet you dressed in her best.
which a costume of such furs asi a .
; queen may well wear. The parka is of
the finest reindeer fur. spotted and dap
yled. , It is tremendous and flpwing. . The ,
sleeves are, either one, • largo enough :for>--.
• an ordinary shoulder cape. The parka de- ; .
velops into a sort of hood at. the top and .
flares at the edges, being bordered with;;
long red fox fur that makes a halo around
her. face. ¦ No wonder Mary's ' people look.
;upon her as the Rising Sun. -
• SIj.ry'3 home is a 'good-sized clapboard
house that accommodates, her -and " her \
children and 1 her: servants. ..The
servants attend to the : work of the. house .
and help Mary in her immense business <
of raising reindeer. -The children are ; -'
countless. They swarm. : They have been
. picked up here, there, everywhere,. when- -
ever Mary has happened upon a waif who x
was cold or in a 1 hurry , for . his dinner ;.
which was not fcrthcoming. They are lit
tle; and brown 'and .'greasy' and- they are
¦'bundled in: miniature parkas withrninia
ture halos around their dirty little face:;.
Augook is the most sinful of : theni~arid the\-:>
most promising'. Kii hug:'is!ai very": warm '
¦'arid, furry and dirty lone,' but you-vrtU. like
it. He will reach out his little armatto
you, • out of the ;far, frozen-up * North,
where: even'" little biys' hearts are frozen
'"; irost of the year. ¦ " \ , ' *';
The/ house contains a wonderful room,"
¦.with 'a dresser and looking-glass. There
is no such 'thing as. this In any other Es
kimo house. ¦-, It is.'onVdisplay'.in'the parlor
and the proudest Eskimo, is always over-,
whelmed with i^s magnificence. ,"; A eight
of that dresser alone would quell an un
ruly culiject if Mary, ever had brie. c
The sleeping:' rooms 'are in a loft j above.
Thither one must climb 'every, night by
. mean's of a. shaky ladder.. Odds' arid; ends
of rooms axe used for the" servants and the
work. ; ' i ¦ ¦ -y. ¦/. '
For Mary, although a •. Queen, ;"works
•like, all of her. people; except that she car
v_rles'"on't business on . a .larger, "scale. She
lives by the profits'that her reindeer bring
• her, and : those ¦¦ are ; large. ¦: - : ,v
-'" In i the first'. place, the deer cost ¦ almost;
nothing. The land is as good as hers. The
food upon which 4he" animals live is the
.white 'moss which the tundra 1 and
grows of its own free-will In great, plenty.
The moss is? /ufRcicnt to keep them -In
STood condition" the year round. They'need
no other food. It will sustain human life,
by the. way. and might have saved many
a traveler if he hnd known it. - ¦
.'¦¦.' The deer are estimated.' at a value of
abniit $200 apiece. This means a fortune
of SSO.OOO, which is immense .wealth to an
Indian. • The income is larger to'_ Mary '
than it would be to most people,, for she is
n business. woman born a^ifl madei and she
gets every cent out of those deer that
there Iz to get {
She gets It in different ways, by a sys
tem of economic industry that is as up-to
date as a B'eat American packing heoise
or cotton factory. Not one product is lost
in working for ot,hersl ..'. V !
i Some of the deerbrlng in an income for
use in transportation. "The troops hire
them for this purpose.' One Is furnished
by 1 he shrewd lady for something like $100 1
a: month. .The' creatures are well worth
the money she gets- for their hire, how
ever, for they can travel ten miles an hour
over frozen snow, drawing as much as 200
pounds' of freight^ to say nothing of, tne
sledge. ; They sometimes cover 100 miles
in a' day. .. . v ' "V: :
The deer are at certain times killed and.
sold for food. This \ Is .- when they could
not bring in a better income by. hauling.
Mary watches and she never slips on her
transactions. Reindeer porterhouse steak
is V Nome delicacy, and it brings a" fancy
price ! in, the market. '.'.'. - '¦'•¦¦'¦•'.
But; the. dead; deer is Worthy far more
than his price as steaks." His skin is pre
cious as' cloth of gold, and^ when
"arid her: women; have wrought it into par
kas and '. rhucklucks it brings ' in a goodly
sum. Day after day they sit and cut and
sow, making, the garments,; which 'are
later Tori sent) down the thirty-mile , road :
[that leads south to Nome. On the cold
est days they work indoors: .,' when the
sun . makes it possible.* they may be seen
sitting [under the shelter, of an .up-turned
\ boat/ -all {bundled in 'their 7 own parkas.
- each : with her halo of fur 'thrown back
that she may see. It is this* same halo
that • can be drawn" over : the facej inTai
snowstorm to break the force of the cut
ting', drift. ' [ ';*.,': ¦ : ;."¦': •_•/ .
The. ¦ fancy mucUlucks; made ; of "the fin-"
cst reindeer i fur and exquisitely,. stitched,* ! >
sell ffr S12 or ;15 a pair. . Plainer on=s
usually bring as much as $10. A parka
may be sold at any price from $15 to $100.
according to the 1 value of the fur user!
and the elaborateness of the style of mak
ing. It costs money, you see, to live in
the far north, and Mary takes advantage
of the fact. '
Ma'ry is a healthy specimen and there
fore remarkable. She has never taken ta
the hcuch habit, which: is killing off tha
Alaska Indian 'in great "numbers. S&e is
too keen on- business to be intemperate
and she has no use for drunkVnness. She
is an .immense woman, tall and broal,
with a heavy, masculine face and a shock
of straight,' coarse black hair. Her right
arm is a* splendid. one and deals promptly
with ( emergency -.cases, but never uniler"
the influence nfliauor. . - -
Her education is profound, as the'In
dian regards it. She knows a few words
of English, also of Russian. This is. be
ing a scholar. She is wonderfully quick
to grasp new ideas* and can be taugjit
readily any Words.
r.Mary Makridoff Is as superstitious as
the rest of her race, but her great : love
for Sinrock Charlie broke down her super
stition upon the occasion of his .death.
She , let him die in ths house. Such' a
privilege has never been accorded, to 'any
other Eskimo .by his people. The Eski
mo's terror of death is supreme, born and
bred in him. A' dying parent, child.' hus
band or wife is cast out of doora like a
poisoned rat and; left : to finish what little
life may be left on the 'snow
"bleakness of the . tundra.' - But it was not
so' with;Sinrock^CharHe. Ausensook.
.- Mary loved him. It , was the love of her
life, a romance that ' had lasted for . years.
Charlie ,was. a good Indian, a busy, intel
ligent and ; faithful one, Tarid : Mary loved
him with all theiheart there. was in her.
When she knew that he was going to die
she did not caro if .his cold, body lying In
the house brought destruction to all. the
members thereof. , It "might, for all she
cared. She was going to care for' : him
until! the last bitter moment.when she had
to' let ; him sllpT from -her . h*old— care for
him as she "always had . done. She," gave
him • food and warmth and ; tenderness as
long as he could feel them and she defied
the 1 god of 'her people, " of har, fathers ' and
«*» yr ART MAKRIDOFF. the Re!n
t \ f\ deer Queen of Alaska, Is queen- '
I j[ I ing it all by herself now. -Fox
I Sinrock Charlie Augensook is
. dead.
Sinrock Charlie was her husband, and
she loved him. He died, leaving her ;ii
entire charge of his immense e::tat?
which means many miles of white tundra
and the greatest herd of reindeer ever
owned by an Eslilmo.
Mary represents to her people not only
the highest degree of rank and honor,
but of wealth, culture and fashion as
• •well. Her power over them Is one with
their time-honored superstition. Her
I mother before her was Queen- of AtesKa.
From her came Tiary's right to rule. Her
father was a Rucsian Y.-ho had. the knowU
edge of a few written 'words, and this
caused her to rank as the daughter of t
scholar. Ker hurlrand. Sinrock Charlie
Auginsook, owned and bequeathed to her
his famous reindeer herd. This has given
her. the distinction cf fceing the wealth
iest of all her people.
Therefore Mary is Queen in every sense
of the word. Her c!apboard house Is pala
tial to the Eskimo eye. Her garments are
regal. Her word is law.
Her home !ks in the midst of th? vast
tundra where her reindeer pasture. There
in the cold land stretch railes upon miies
of her moss-covered ground, white wheth
er with or without enow, for the cummer
moss take the place of the winter snow
and whitens the ground, springing up
in a few hours after It is nibbled away.
On approaching you see 'only white
ground. The deer air far oft, where the
moss is thicker. Ttca cf a sudden as
. . \ ."¦'¦- : *7*
their fathers before them to punish her
for her love. Sinrock Charlie died In her
arms. ,
Not far f rern her houae is the. burial '
ground, which la not a pleasant sight.
There lies, or did He, the body of Charlie
and of .all other dead members of the
tribe. It Is a pen fenced In with drift
wood, a mere pen built out on the cold
tundra, and there the dead bodies are
flung. Malamut dogs prowl there by
nl^ht.
Mary Is the widow of a much-loved, hus
band, but she does not devote her time to
mourning:. She recently gave a gorgeous
party. The guests Included no white wo
men except the guest of honor, but there
were white men of every nationality, such
a mixture as only mining countries know.
The native women were not enough to go
around, but nobody played wall-flower, for
there was too much gayety on hand for
that. An accordeon furnished the music.
The company danced until the little Klon
dike stove with Its glowing box had to be
squelched. They were put through a
quadrille under the white visitors' leader
ship and they fell to with magnificent
spirit, caring not a whit for mistakes and
making fewer, she says, than seemed pos
sible for a first attempt.
Mary watched with tremendous delight
while she, three Eskimo women and four
miners went through the figures. She
was delighted again when the guest sang
"The Irish "Washerwoman," and returned
the compliment by chanting her own na
tive songs and some Russian ones as well
which she had learned from her father.
American games followed: the Indians
became so excited over "button, button,
who's got the button?" that Mary had to
break the string on which they were pass
ing it In order to get them away to sup
per.
• f The supper was a marvelous conglom
eration/ Sherry could never match it.
There were seal meat and porterhouse
deer steak; there was dried codfish dipped
In seal oil for an entree, together with
cold unleavened bread snread with lard.
The dessert' was the piece de resistance;
a splendid pudding made of blueberries,
stirred Into a mixture of flour and mashed
fresh fish iivcr."
Mary is a royal entertainer, and to the
few who are privileged to enjoy her hos
pitality It Is worth many miles of mush
ing over snow and ice to reach the Rein
deer ! Queen's palace. *
flary Makridoff
Who Owns Over
4OO Reindeer Valued
at S89 ? O0O and
Who Allowed Her
Husband to Die in
the House.
4
.¦ '. THE y iSUNDiY- CALL. t|
a well-rehearsed number, they make for
the nearest knoll and draw up there.
They draw up'in a great semicircle. They
stand with their ar.tlcrs branching up
ward like a forest, ani! there they trum
pet loudly for a good half hour.
That is the picture that you will al
ways remember cf your first sight of th »
famous herd. It is a herd known Alaska
over. When reindeer were^imported from
Siberia by the United States 'government
they were in many cases given to* Ti
llable Indians. Sinrock' Charlie was a
good. Inila-r. even before he was dead, and
THE REINDEER
QUEEN
OF
ALASKAIt is stated that .three-fourths of the
Irish members of Parliament are teetotal
era.
loading of bloodshed and help his com
rades.
He was not always at the front. He had
his , house In Washington and received
many men of note. .
He did well and the people were proud
of him; but the people forgot. -
So many people in a nation do well at
such q. time, and so many in the war did
more than well. It is easy to forget.
Later on, however, this little man was
to the fore again and he became receiver,
of Government funds to the Territory of
Arizona and that at a time when Arizona
was licking the blood of the Texas hoof
and was at her. worst.
He stood the test and looked", after
claimants. He saw . right done and was
not afraid. Millions passed through his
hands and he, received the thanks of the
Territory at the end of his administration.
, Colonel Dailey came at last to San Fran
cisco and ran in 1890 for Surveyor General.
The late Senator Stanford saw, him sev
eral times and regretted that he could not
support him, in that lie was already^workf
Ing for another man. The Senator said
Dailey's letters of recommendation were
the finest he had ever. read.
Eight years ago 'the, colonel settled him-;
self at. the beach. • His. health had' been
falling him r and ', he desired God's air, as
It /was brought to him over the sea and
There 1 was not much to go \ on when he
went out there;"" but his 'friend, !the ocean,
stood by him and sent him driftwood and
out of the presents from the sea he. built
him .a housei ¦ ,;' : ,
He planted, and -planted and "the sand
SOME CHRISTMAS GHOSTS
THERE was a dull rattle of chains,
a creaking of old bones and out of
J the heavy atmosphere grew the
J shape of Christmas-Ghost. The
time had come, it knew, for its an
nual expedition into the world of fiction.
Away from the Limbo of Ideas it must go
to perform its part in the great festal
day. For a little while it was alone, and
after examining all its parts to make
eure that it was Itself, it brgan to prac
tice its groans and to rattle its fetters to
see that they were properly out of ac-
Just as It was beginning to wonder !f
it might not be ahead of time. Christmas-
Dinner-to-the-Poor emerged from b'.s
•murky environment; be was seernlngiy
accompanied by a little limping figure,
but Christmas-Ghost took no notice of
this. Thore had alv.-ays oc-en a bit of riv
alry between these two Ideas, each one
claiming the dominant place In the mas
ter's story, but Tim, Tiny Tim, they both
"Humph!" ETunted the new-comer,
"you're on hc::id. aren't you? I might
have known that you'd be here. But 'first
come,' you know, 'Is last taken.' "¦
A doleful wheeze, coining from no
where, going nowhere, was* the . first re
ply to this greeting, and then the Christ
mas-Ghost whispered eerily (it had to be
eerie, even with its fellow Ideas, to keep
to practice):
"They can't do without me, without me,
my dear fellow. A« to you, what with
charities and societies and meal tickets
and turkey raffles I really don't see. why
they want you at all. Miser's-Christmas,
now is such an Improve "
They wore interrupted by a gruff cough.
"You can leave me out of the discus
sion." Jt was Miser's-Christmas Itself
that epoke, and it thrust its heavy, waile:
of bills into its breast pocket.- "I am thi
modern exponent of both of you. Ghosts
have been scientifically ' investigate-!.
They no longer exist. J»o one sees them
any more, not even very rich men, ami
as for you, Christmas-Dinner-to-the-Po jr. ;
There, against that Incoherent mass,
was. Faithful-Maiden-Heart that Z~ had
waited so long for its Sailor-Lover. Its
fingers were in" its ears Just* now because
The atmosphere was becoming thinner,
so many. Ideas had assumed form and
shape. On every side could be seen origi
nals and parodies, while lying about in
piles were the Christmas properties— Santa
Claus, his packs and reindeer; lh<j: waits,
in loud plaids and. checked shawls; hur
rying messengers; delayed messengers;
postmen; expressmen;' wagons and trains.*
-. Here, on this side! was the Old Lover
wondering whether he would, this year,
be returned to Eliza or Ann or— was It'
Jane? Yes, dear little Jane; he rather
¦hoped it. would be Jane. "And then, of
. course) the Jane, Eliza and Ann Ideas had
to be somewhere.
"My, what a turn you gave me! I
thought I'd got here ahead of myself."
Such a high, nervous voice it was! "But
you're only Christmas-Dinner-to-the-
Poor, aren't you?" And Family-Reunions
sniffed disdainfully at the plebeian turkey
odor emanating from the other idea.
"We'll think of you at our dinner,- of
course, and wonder " — • •
. But Miser's-Christmas, ignoring its com
panions, mused softly: "An automobile
to the daughter of the 'man I' wronged,
or " .¦-'/•.
"Ha, ha; what would you give to do
that, old man?"
The fragrance of roast turkey, of cran
berry sauce, of plum pudding and mince
pies filled the air.
"Can you improve on that?" sneered
Chrislmas-Dinne'r-to-the-Poor. - \ : ' {.. v'
And the Christmas-Ghost, groaning and
clanking its chains, chuckled gleefully.
would any self respecting millionaire con
tent himself with giving just a dinner?
No. eir. .„' This," and it slapped the bulg
ing Idea. In its breast pocket, "this pays
for something more substantial than tur
keys and" — with a withering glance at t!ie
little fellow behind Christmas-Dinner -
"turkeys and pickles."
While Sutro was alive he felt sure and
safe, but; another old friend went and he
is afraid. .
.Old, worn out wltn the , work he has
faithfully performed for the nation,
Colonel" Dailey sfill bears a brave front.
He Is grit through and through, "and his
home is home after all, and he still keeps
it and improves it. _ ;
But every day, he asks himself the ques
tion: "Shall I be allowed to live here un
til I Join my friend3 'over the divide'?"
i. "if I could only be sure of my .little
place I would be so happy," says the
Colonel.
Ttiere was ho face to greet him. His
old friend lay in his bed with the high
fever that pneumonia carries In its wake.
They never saw one another again.
When ilr. Huntington was going over
the electric line on his last visit to thes
coast he baile the observatory car stop at
the little station where Dailey's camp .'3
and he looked over toward his old
friend's cabin.
That was three years ago.
/Each year, when the magnate visited
the coast he came to Dailey's camp and •
to-day the colonel has no greater treasure N
than the glass, carefully wrapped In
tissue paper, from which Huntlngton took
his toddy.
'Tis true as they grew to manhood they
had gone their different paths. The one
had been given Government positions, the
other .bent his will to building gigantic
castles, not of air, but of solid Iron, on
which tons of steam machinery ran.
They are on the other side of the divide.
C. P. Huntington was Dailey's best
friend when he was allvo and no ona
mourns his loss more than he does.
Born in the same town they had played
together as children.
It is as much home as any place can
be to him. Ills wife Is in the Eaat and
his friends are gone, never to come back.
disappeared and the jreea ease* into evi
dence, and the little place gxe-w homelike.
A mere scrap cf sand dune and upon it
a tiny wreckage cabin, which he built
with the labor cf his own hands.
And yet even this scrap of dune and bit
of a cabin is threatened.
Had Sutro, his friend, been alive, ah!
what a difference there might have been.
Does it not seem as if a man mirht be
granted at least this much to call his
own?
He has held this morbid farcy for eight
years. Now his fear is that the little
home, the home of skeletons, may be
ip. k- n away from him.
Not a plank, nor a window frame, not a
shelf in this home of his but calls up a
raging wind and groaning masts and wail
ing women and mad men.
Xot a plank, nor a window frame, nor a
ehelf but is formed from the wreckage of
a dead shin.
OLD COLONEL DAILEY lives In
the midst of skeletons. More than
that, he has bu!lt him a house of
than- He has wov&n the great
j>cnes and the small bones into
joists and rafters and 'beams. He has
shing'ed with them and clap-boarded with
them. They are his reef and his shelter.
They are the skeletons of the great sh.ps
cf the sea, the ships that sailed out of
harbor and never came back. Bit by bit,
as their scarred and broken spines ana
ribs and limbs were washed upon the
beach, old Colonel Dailey gathered them
In '- - "-' -
it is a strange far.cy this, to live in the
midst of death.
Sutro -owned that whole long streak oi
land s^ 1 - loved this old man and would
have watched after him and protected
him.
' Bflt now the estate o-^ns the land.
Carved out of driftwood "Is this man's
home, and for eight years has he listened
to the beat of the surging waves and the
hurtle of the winds. .
One wenders why he comes to face the
storms, but his health demanded God's
ozone. He was r.o longer young. - He had
called on nature pretty hard and she was
getting tired.
The year 1S38 saw the birth of the colone.'
in Connecticut. When he came to man's)
osta;e he studied to become a physician,
but the knife was hateful to him— he
could barely witness an operation; the
sight made him sick. •
So when the Civil War broke out Mr. •
Dailey became military State agent for
Connecticut, and was present at the.hor
rors of Bull Run, Gettysburg and Fred
cricksburg.
Here, indeed, he got his fill of that
which he most hated— the shedd ng of
blood.
At Gettysburg the bullets hailed so fast
that the trunks of trees were drilled with
them and so undermined that they "
fell. In these three bloody battles he was
here, there and everywhere attending the
comforts of the wounded. The conscience
of the man in the duties - before him
taught him to overcome and eradicate his
¦ THIS MAN, WHO WAS _
ONCE MILITABT STATE
AGENT FOB CONNECTICUT,
FOUGHT THEOTJGH THE
CIVIL WAB, BECAME BE
CEIVEB OP GOVERNMENT
rXTNDS TO THE TEBBITOBY
OF ABIZONA, BAN FOB
SUBVEYOB GENEBAL OF
CALIFORNIA, WAS A
WABM FBIENDOFAEOLFH
SUTBO AND C. P. HTTNT
INGTON, AND NOW HAS
FOB HIS HOUE BUT A
HERE SCBAP OF A SAND
DUNE ANDATINYWBECK r
AGE CABIN.
5
THE V : ? SU3vfp^LY-> CAXAj.
Miser's-Christmas, its mind off : itself for
a few. moments,; was expatiating" on the
fact that lovers, especially, sailor lovers,
rarely, if ever, really turned up on Christ
mas day. ' ¦
"For, my part, I cannot see how" this
particular ¦ Idea ever did, obtain' an en
trance into : the ' Limbo "of Christmas
Ideas."- ,
Then the"Rich-Old-Antiquarfari-Remem
bered - By - His - Relatives-dn-Christmas-
Day\ reminded his Brother Idea"that Litri
bo was merely a place for cast-off rubbish,
In fact, a. waste basket. And Practical-
Christmas-Joke cackled : - ,¦
."Out of the waste basket into; the Intelf
le'ct." ; / ../ ; >'".v'-" ;,/;.;;"/¦¦;,'; ;.
k '_ But this was all lost on : Faithful-Mai;
den-Heart because it suddenly caught
sight of Sailor-Lover craning its neck. into
the proper^: position to peer into the cot
tage window.' ¦ / '¦ v ;" '•:... , ¦ "' • . ' •
Ragged :] little :¦ '¦¦ Repentant-Prodigal : Son
handled ; lovingly . "the neckerchief folded
such : - long ' ; years ¦ ago' about his throat by
fingers,", etc', while Children's-Chflstmas
Party skipped , from place to place . asking
if it. would, have a story all' to Itself of if
it .would. be run in with one of the others."
This little , Idea' /seemed .so 'important . to"
itself and was quite so sure ,that;if it
could do the .writing / instead*.; of : : being
merely an Idea, it would make a charm-
Ing;. 1 story, 'just 'about 'a '. Christmas ¦ party
and, nothing else. . ,\ * ¦ .'',...
'Chrlstmas-Hold-Up, in -mask and boots
and pistoled tbelt, consorted with > Christ
mas-Burglar in ' an out-of-the-way! corner.
They, knew (hat they were too disreputa
ble [ to ¦;. associate with the other good old
Ideas I of 'fine family and ' ancient : lineage.
i Christmas-In-Camp, : ; the
youngest *in the \ crowd, swaggered from
group_ to • group insolently wagering but
tons * arid ; bones ¦• that it -would be '! chosen
the oftenest. .'¦¦¦• - ; ,\ ''¦''. '¦ ''¦¦¦^.Xzjjffls^Mjw*
atmosphere;: now was of .crystal
1 clearness and '. through . it beat ; a , mythmir:
note. .',- '.'Peace j on ' Earth ,\' Good /Will j to
Men; ; Peace- on . Earth,;' Good -"Will to
Men. * I am ; the oldest " of : all, - 1 am " the
mightiest Vof;'all;',Jbut'f -I':' ami least".; of ten
chosen." 1 The voice , sank : into k a .• low sob,
yet ever' arid anon arose in. the same re
traln:':<:"¦,¦'¦'? - :'« : ; : '- - ' '' - f - v. . "¦- '-'.;'/ - "
iTime swung himself .arrogantly along In
his allotted "path ', and'it.was apparent that
a restless: apprehension^ was taking pos
session of ¦ the assembled multitude. The
days ' and hour3, were' passing.: had
and of all the motley crew not one had
been taken, not one had disappeared. The
bells L rang out 'their joyous notes, the tin
horns . blared their, discords. ! Over all the
land Christmas reigned supreme, and the
old Ideas gazed at one another in speech
less/dismay.' Then each .one realized the
truth. ShPSbBm
1 They vbelonged to a' bygone century, a
century that was dead. "A new cycle had
dawned.' This was ' the first Christmas I of
an infant century and- for. them/ the old,
time-worn" Christmas ideas, the bells were
iii very truth ringing out the old, ringing
in the new.
"Well. I'm in pocket; by this," growled
Miser's-Christmas. , "If -they , don't 1 want
me,. I don't want them." .The last. words
were Indistinct, so swiftly did this ignored
Idea dissolve into the fast thinking ah\
"We'djbetter meet again next yeaf," ad
vised ¦Family-Reunions; "they'll find that
they can't get along without U3, without
me, at anvrate." ¦ ¦
The .Ghost's groans were merely whis
pered breaths and its clanking chains and
creaking bones were heard, no more.
, "But'Peace-Ori-Earth, no longer sobbing:,
moved softly out over the land.' "Whether
they* want me or. no, I will go to them
and abide with " them."
''And so, after all, the last faint sound la
thVdeaerted place was a child's vole*,'
"God bless us all, every one of us.** <
KATHR YN "¦ JARBOHl>
MAN WHO LIVES
AMONG SKELETONSPresidenis' Jfeads on Stamps
IF President McKinley's portrait is put
on one of the postage stamps of this
country, as dispatches from Washing
ton have said is likely to be done in
case the Postofflce Department brings
out a new issue, his portrait Will be the
ninth of a President used in that way.'
Aa the regular series of stamps, exclud
ing 1 the Columbian. Trans-Mississippi and
Pan-American Exposition issues, has now
been in circulation with or.Iy slight
changes in watermarks and the like since
1S90. a change of seme sort is expected
soon ,by philatelists.
Ever since Uncle Sam'a postofllce began
making stamps, in 1S47 or thereabouts,
t..e lace of .Washington haa appeared on
one of. the stamps in every regular issue
and with single exception on a stamp of
low value and general use. Benjamin
Franklin's face has always adorned post
age stamps of low value and has thus be
come familiar to' people who send or re
ceive letters ever since 1S47
Presidents other than' Washington
whoso face.ilhave appeared on the stamps
are Jefferson. Jackson. Lincoln. Garneld.
Grant. Madison and Ta-ler.
Of the stamps of higher values the
e-cent stamp r.ow bears Sherman's pic
ture, the 10-cent Webster's, the 13-cent
C.ay's. the SO-cent Jefferson's, the .".0-cent
i- vf rs , on s : the dollar stamp Perry's. ta«
»- Madiaon'3 ar.d t; le *i Maranairs.
"Tbcy Are Very Happy," Said Lorry.
of his thoughts. The greatest problem of
them all was still to be solved.
As they left the room he dropped behind
and walked out beside Lorry, rather tim
idly detaining him. until the others were
some distance ahead.
"You were closeted with. the. Princess
this morning. Mr.-; Lorry, and perhaps you
can give me the. informatlon'l desire. She
has called a meeting of the Ministers and
leading men of the country for. to-morrow
morning. Do you! know" why she has Is
sued this rather unusual call?. She did not
offer any explanation to me." ,J '¦'-?
"I am only at liberty to say. your Excel
lency., that It concerns the ' welfare "\ of
Graustark," answered the. other, after a
moment's thought.. They walked on in
silence for some distance.
"1 am her uncle, sir, but I love her as I
woul«i love my own child.- My. life has been
given her from the /day that
her • mother, my sister, died. .You
will grant me . the ¦, right to
ask you a ; plain . question. Have you . told
her ttiat you. love. her?*.' ¦; The Count's face
was drawn and. white. . ' :.
"1 have, sir. I loved here before I knew
Bliewas a" princess. Asherjprotector, it
was to you : that I would .have told the
story of my unfortunate 'love 'long ago,
but my arrest and escape ; prevented. It
was not my desire or Intention to. say to
her what I could not speak about to you.
I do not .want . to be looked; upon ,;,as a
coward -'who -dares 1 not '.face ' difficulties;'
My^ love has: not been willingly.:clandes
tine, and i it haa been in spite of 'her 'most
righteous objections." - have both seen
the futility of love,' however strong and
pure it: may be.. I: have hoped," your Ex
cellency, and always shall. "> ...
"She has confessed her love to you pri
vately?" asked Halfont.
"Against her will, against her judgment,
sir." -^ l^lWTBfl^TV^^'Mffl^
"Then, the worst has come ;to;pass,".
groaned the'old Count.' - Neither spoke for.
borne time. They were ; near the foot [ of
the. staircase when . Halfont paused { and
grasped: Lorry's arms. , Steadily they
looked into each other's 'eyes. '-, : .
"I admire : you ' more * than ) any..: man . I
have ever known,", eaid the -Count, husk
ily. "You are the sour'of; honor, of cour- :
8ge, of manliness^ But* my'Godi' you can
not : become ; thV husband ; of ; a'. Princess of
Graustark! I need not tell you 'that, how
ever. ¦ You r surely, : must* understand."-. .-" :
"I ; do i understand ,'_' said ¦ Lorry, • dizzily.:
"I f am - not -a Prince,? asfyou areVsaylng
over and'over. again a to ; yourself.".- Count
Halfont, born American. may,7be
come . ruler .' of the greatest"' nation of the
scious admiration mingling with the sad
ness in his eyes. %
.'.'There are some obstacles that bra very
and perseverance cannot overcome, my
friend," he said, slowly. "One of them is
fate."- ; . : ¦
"As fate Is not governed by law or
custom, I have, the best reason in. the
world to hope," paid Lorry, yet J modestly.
.: VI would.- indeed, sir.' that you were a
Prince of the realm," fervently cried the
Count,' and Lorry was struck by the
fact that he repeated word for word the
wish Gaspon had uttered some' hours be
fore. ¦ .
' By this time they were joined by / ,the
others, whereupon Grenfall hurried eager
ly, to' the balcony, conscious of being half
an hour early, but glad 'at the chance' af
forded for reflection and solitude.- Sittine
on the broad stone railing he leaned back
against a pillar and looked into the night
for. his thoughts.'. Once more the moon
was gleaming beyond St. Valentine's,
throwing against the sky a jagged sil
hoiiette 7 of. frowning angles,, towering
gables and monstrous walls, tlie. moun
tain and the monastery blending into or.2
great misty product of the ; vision. VoitPo
came up from below,* as they did on | i !•« t
night fl\'c weeks ago; bringing the laugh
ter,' nnd ! song ¦ of happy .hearts.' -Music
swelled through the park from the band
gallery; • from afar off .came ¦ the sounds
of revelry. The people of Edelweiss were
rejoicing, over the ; unexpected deliverance
from a' fate Jso: certain'; that the' ¦escape
seemed barely short of. miraculous. ;/
Every.- sound , - every rustle ; of the , wind
through'the plant3 : . that ; were ;• scatterea
over the ' balcony,'-/; caused ¦ him ;• to .- look'
toward ¦ the ; door through which she must
come. to him. :,'-/ :¦ '. . , *
"¦ At last she appeared, and he hastened to
meet her. ' As ' he took " her hands ; in his,
she said' softly^ dreamily,* looking over . liio
shoulder. tpward'the mountain's crest:
; ."The same fair moon,"Jand smiled into
his eyes.- ¦ " . ¦ . ' V-- _: ¦ :--¦. : .'
."The same' fair "maid and "the, same
man,'.- /lie 7 added. "1 1 believe' the^ band ",'a
playing the same air ; '• upon my. soul 1 1 'do "
.''Yes,' the.' same air,'- 'La Paloma.'-^-ray
favorite. It : is my lullaby. Come,' let us
walk.' v 1 ; cannot sit ¦ quietly ' now. <• .Talk .to
me, //dearest.. Let ' me listen "¦',; and ', be
happy." * * . •: . /
% Slowly they paced the ..wide ¦[ balcony,
through ; the . moonlight . and -;. the ' shad
ows, ' her : hand X: resting '¦..' on : his ; arm." his
clasping' it ; gently, i Love -obstructs ? the
llo w. • of: speech ; ¦ the's heart-beats - clioke
back the l^words [ ; that ¦ ; fill ; .the (thron t.
Lorry^.talked - but little, .she not, at all.
Times thcrc ; were when they covered v the
getting to be a Princess."
"No; ;it is. because you no longer. l<H«k
upon me as you did in other days. It is
because -I am a possibility, an entity in
stead iof "a. shadow. - Yesterday you were
the Princess and looked t down- upon the
impossible : sujtor; to-day " you find that
you have given yourself to him and;that
you/do .not the barrier !as insur
mountable.. You were not timid until you
found ¦ your power i to '¦, resist gone. ; To-day
you admit that I may hope, and in doing
fo you open a gate, through the walls of
your" pride and prejudice that can. never
be closed against the love within and the
love - without. - ¦ You are afraid of me be
cause I am no longer a dream,* but a
reality. • Am. I not right. Yetive?"
She. looked out over* the hazy, moonlit
pink.'- "" . ' _¦- " 1.
•"Yesterday I ' might have disputed all
you say; .to-day;I can deny nothing."
Leaning upon the railing, they fell Into
a siient- study of the parade. ground. and
its strollers. 1 Tiioir ' thoughts were not of
the walkers and .'chatterers,, nor of the
music, nor,' of the night, f, They were of
the day. to come.
"I shall never- forget how you said 'be
cause I lovcv* him,' this morning,', sweet
heart,", sakl: Lorry, betraying his reflec
tions.' VV'ou' defied the whole ' world ¦ in
those' four Words. They were worth dy
ing for."
"How * could I help it? ¦ You . must
not; t forget -that, : ypu,-. just 'had leaped
into :.J the ".lion's den defenseless, be
cause you loved me. -Could;i; deny you
then?; Until, that: moment: I had been
the Princess 'adamant; in a second's time
you", s'we'pt 'away, every safeguard," every
battlement, . a-nd ,1 surrendered *as only, a
woman can. /But It really, sounded shock
lng.' didn^t it? So theatrical!".
. • "Don" t look so distressed . about it, dear.
You couldn't help it, ; remember," - he" said,
approvingly. .. ,
, "Ach.il dread to-morrow's ordeal!" she
said, and : he felt '• the arm . that touched
his own tremble. y'What will they say?
What will- they do? 1 v, ;
. "To-rnorfow -w-ill tell. It; means a great
deal 'to ' both, of us.^If they 'will : not- sub
mit—what ithen?"
\'.',\Yhat .; then— what then?"* she mur
mured,^ faintly. e :
J Aeross;the parade,, coming, from the -di
rection"-'of.'the fountain. I Harry 'Anguish
and ; Dagmar -.were . slowly, walking.' ' They
:were very i close - together, fandj hi3 head
was bf-nt until it almost touched ', hers.* As
they • drew- nearer,,* tlfe "dreamy! watchers
on; the .balcony; recognized , them.- . "
(• ''They ,, are /"very * ; happy ,"/t said ¦ Lorry;
• CHAPTER XXVI.— Continued. f -
THE GUESSING OF ANGUISH.
•^ABRIEL'S lips parted, but nothing
I I more than a gasp escaped them.
I f>f Involuntarily Ms eyes sought tho
VLX. door, then the windows, the pecu-
liar uncoptrollable look of the
hunted coming into them. Bol.irox
aliovcd his gaze*to leap instantly to that
l>a!Iid face ;md every eye in the room fol
lowed. Yetive was standing again, her
face glow- ing.
"An accomplice has confessed all. I
have Lbc word of the man who saw the
< rime committed. I charge Prince Gabriel
with the murder of his Highness Prince
J^orenz:"
With a groan Gabriel threw his hands to
h!s heart and tottered forward, glaring at"
the merciless face of the accuser.
"Confessed! Betrayed!" he faltered.
Then he whirled like a maniac upon his
little coterie cf followers. "Vile traitor!"
lie shrieked, "I v.ill drink your heart's
blood!"
With a howl he leaped toward one «if
the men. a dark-faced nobleman narnod
Keriowng. Tho latter evaded him arid
1 usheO toward the door, cryins:
*"Il is s. Iiol a lie! He has tricked you!
i did not confess!"
The Prince was seized by his friend.?.
stru?s!;ns and" cursing. A peculiar smile
lit up the face of Harry Anguish.
"I repeat, be is the as^ossinr'
Gabriel broke from the detaining lsarsfls.
srxl drawing a revolver, rushed for the
door.
Allodc njet him at the -curtains and
jrrasped him in bis p'J^v^rftil arms, IJaron
Danglos-s cuU others tciirinp the weapon
from his har.<J. The utmost confusion
reigned— W(.im<n screaming, men shouting
—and above- all «ou!d be heard the. howls
of the accused Prioccj
"Let me go! Curse you! Curse you! I
will not surrender! tct me kill that trai
tor! Lot me at him!" Ecrrowag had been
Fcized by willing-hands, and the two men
glared at each other, one crasy with rage,
the other shrinking with fear.
Dansioss and Allode half carried, half
dragged the Prince forward. As he neared
Bolnroz and the Princess he collapsed and
became trembling, moaning suppliant for
mercy. Anguish's accusation had struck
home.
"Prince Bolaroz. I trust you will not ob
ject if the Princess Yetive substitutes the
true assassin for the man named in your
promise to Graustark." tnid Anguis'i,
dramatically. Bolaroz, as if coming from
a dream, turned and knelt before the
throne.
"Host adorable Yetive." he said, "I suo
for pardon. I bov, r low and lay my open
heart before the truest woman in the
v.orid." He kissed the black lace hem of
her gown and arose. "I am your friend and
ftlly; Axphain and Graustark v.ill live 11.1
more with hatred' in their hearts. From
you I have learned a lesson in justice and
constancy."
Prince Gabriel was ravir.g like a madN
iv.an as the officers hurried him and Bcr
rcw3g from the. room. A shout went up
from thof?e assembled. Its echo, reach-'
Ins the halls, then the gardens, was final
ly Taken up by the wailing masses be
yeng the gates. The news flew like wild
lire. Rejoicing, such as had never been
knoA-n, shook Edelweiss until the monks
on the mountain looked down In wonder.
After the dazed and happy throng about
the thrcne had heaped its expressions of
love and devotion upon the radiant Prin
cess a single figure knelt in subjection,
just as she was preparing to depart. - It
v.-as the Duke of Mizrox.
"Your majesty. Mizrox is ready to pay
bis forfeit. My life is yours." he said,
calmly. She- did not comprehend until
her uncle reminded her of the oath Miz
rox had taken the morning after the
murder.
- "He swore, on bis life, that you killed
Lorenz," ehe said,, turning to Lorry.
•'I was wrong, "but 1 am willing to pay
tbe penalty. . My love for Lorenz was
greater than my discretion. That is'my
only excuse, but it is one- you should
not accep^." said Mizrox. as coolly as if
announcing the time of day. Lorry look
ed lirst at him and then at the Princess,
bewildered and uncertain.
"1 have no ill will against you. my. Lord
Duke. Release him from his bond, . your
liishncss."
T'Gladly. sine? you refuse to hold him to
his oath." she said.
"I am under an eternal obligation to
you. sir, for your, leniency, and 1 shall
ever revere the Princess who pardons so
graciously the gravest error."
Yetive begged Uolaroz to continue to
make the Court his home while in Grau
stark. and the old Prince responded with
the declaration that he would remain long
enough lo sign a>:d approve the new cov
enant, at least. Before stepping from the
throne. Yetive called in low tones to Lor
ry, a pretty Hush mantling- her check: -
""Will you come to me in half an hour?"
"Fcr my reward?" he asked, eagerly.
"Ach!" she cried, softly, reprovingly.
Count -Halfont's face took on a troubled
as he caught the swift com
munication in their eyes. After all, she
w»s a Princess.
-She passed from the room beside Hal
font. proud and happy in the victory over
despair, glorying in the exposure of her.
heart to the world, her blood tingling and
dandng with the joys of anticipation.
Lorry and Anguish, the wonder and
admiration of all, were given a
kliert but convincing levee in the hallway.
Lcrds and ladies praised and lauded
them, overwhelming them with the hom
sge that comes to the brave. But Gaspon
uttered one wish that struck Lorry's
T,ann. leaping heart like- a piece of ice.
' -"Would .to God that you were a Prince
jof the realm," said the Minister of l^i
i:£i!cc a look of regret -and longing in
his eyes. That wish of Gaspon's sent.
Lorry away with the sharp steel of deso
lation, torturing intensely as it drove
deeper and deeper the reawakened pangs
of uncertainty. There still remained the
fatal distance between him and the ob
ject of his heart's desire.- ¦
.He accompanied Captain Quinnox to his
quarters, where be mado himself present
able before starting for the enchanted
apartment in the far end of the eastle.
Eager, burning passion throbbed "side by
Elde with the cold pulsings of fear, a
tremblinsr race bttT.een two unconquer
able emotions. Passion longed 'for the
voice, the eyes, the caresses; fear cried
ajoud in every troubled throb; "You will
see her and kiss her and then you will
be banished.'*
-The two emotions thus thrown together,
clashing licrcely for supremacy, at last
wove '.themselves into a single, solid, un
comuroani«inu whole. Out of the two
fe-rcw an aggressive determination not to
be. thwarted. Love and fear Combined to
give him strength; from, his eyes fled the
hop^Jess look, from his brain the doubt
from hits blood the chill. * .
"Qizhznox, give me your ' hand— don't
ntinu tile blood! You' have befcn ? my
friend, and you have served her almost to
tfcc death. 1 injured, and would have
killed ycu in that cell.' but it was not in
juiger. Will you be my friend In all that
is to follow?"
*^3he has said that she loves you," said
the captain, returning the hand clasp. "I
am your slave as well as hers."
A few moments later Lorry was In her
presence.. What was*eaid or done during
the half-hour that* 'passed between Jiia
entrance, and the, moment t that brought
them side by^sluQj'rom,th<^,rpi>m.ne(pjl, not
be lold. 'Thar^li^'intcri'lcw'ha'd ifad its'
trricuss p.ide was ."plain. . The troublod,
cnxlour ••*>*¦ «f *ks> nirl'ruvl .'the rebellious.
dogged- air, of the ,man told of a conflict
now only in abeyance.
"I will never give you up," he said, as
they came from the door. A wistful
..gleam nickered in her eyes, but she did
not respond in words.
Near the head of the stairway an ani
mated group of. persons lingered. Harry
Anguish war. in the center and the Coun
tess Dagmar was directly in front of him.
looking up with sparkling eyes and part
ed lips. The Count and Countes Ilalfont,
Gaspon. the Baron Dangloss, the Duke of
Mizrox, with other ladies and gentlemen,
were being entertained by the gay-spirit
ed stranger.
"Here he comes," cried' the latter, as he
caught sight of the approaching cguple.
"I am delighted to wee you, Harry. You
were the friend in need, old man," ; paid
Lorry, wringing the other's hand. Yetive
gave him her hand, her blue eyes over
flowing.
"Mr. Anguish had just begun to tell us
how he— how he " began Dagmar, but
paused helplessly, looking to him for re
lief.
"Go nhcad. Countess; it. isn't very ele
gant, but it's the. way I said it. How I
•got next* to Gabriel is what she wants to
pay. Perhaps your Majesty would like to
know all about th» affair that ended so
tragically. It's very quicliiy told," said
Anguish.
"i am deeply interested," said the Prin
¦ cess, eagerly.
"Well, ill the first place, it was all a
WuC," paid he, coolly.
"A what!'' demanded Dagmar.. * :'/ -j
"Bluff,"' responded Harry, briefly;
"American patois, dear Countess."
"In what respect?" asked Lorry, begin
ning to understand.
"In ¦ all respects. I didn't have "the
slightest sign of proof against the festive
Prince."
"And you— you did ' all that 'on a
bluff?' " gasped the other.
. "Do 1 understand yotr to sdy that j-ou
have no evidence against Gabriel?" asked
11 hI font, dumfounded.
"Not a particle." "
"But you said his confederate had con
fe5i:ed," protested Dangloss.
"I didn't know that he had, a confeder
ate, and I wasn't sure that he %vas guilty
of the crime," boasted Anguish, compla
cently enjoying the stupefaction.
"Then why did you say so?" demanded
Dangloss, excited beyond measure.
"Oh, I just guessed at it:"
"God save us I'.' gasped Baron Dangluss,
Chief ot Police.
"Guessed at it?" cried Mizrox..
"That's it. It was a bold stroke, but
it won. Now, I'll tell you this much.
I was raortaily certain that Gabriel
killed the Prince. There . was no .¦ way
on earth to prove it,' however, ami
I'll admit it was intuition or something
of. that sort which convinced me. Ho
had tried to abcuct the Pnnn_ss and he
was madly jea!ous of Lorenz. Although
he knew there was to be a <iuol he was
not certain that Lorenz would ;iube, fo ho
adopted ,a- ; clever plan *to get r:u ol two
rivals by killing une'and casting
on the other.' These «ledu<jUoi:s J made
soon after the . murder, but, of course,
could secure no proof. Early this morn
ing, at the hotel, 1 mado up my mind to
denounce him BUddeniy if 1 had the
chance, risking- failure but htvping for such
an exhibition as that which you saw. It
was clear to me that he had an accomplice
to stand guard while he did the stabbing,
but. I did not dream it was ' Berrov/ag.
Lorry"s sensational appearance, when I
believed him to be. far away from here,
disturbed me -greatly, but it made it all
the more necessary, that I should take. the'
risk with Gabriel. As 1 watched him I
became absolutely convinced of hia guilt.
I'll'* only way to accuse him was to do
it boldly 2nd .thoroughly, so I rang in the
accomplice and the witness features. You
all know how the 'bluff' worked."
"And you hed no more proof than this?"
4 asked Dancloss, weakly. .
'That's all," laughed the delighted
eirate-riEt.
Dangloss started at him for a moment,
then threw up his hands and walked
away, shaking his head, whether in stupe
fied admiration or utter disbelief, no one
..knew. The. others. covered Anguish with
-compliments, and h«? was more than ever
the hero of the day.' Such confidence
paralyzed the people. The only one who
was not overcome with astonishment wa3
his countryman. ,
"You did it well.", he paid in an under
tone to Anguish; "devilish wcll.'V :
"You might at least say Tdidut to the
queen's taste," growled Anguish, mean
"Well, then, you did," laughed Lorry. '.
XXVI I-ON THE BALCONY AGAIN.
Throe persons in the royal castle of
Graustark. worn by the dread and anx
iety.'of weeks.' fatigued by the sleepless
nights just passed, slumbered . through
the long afternoon with the motionless,
deathlike sleep of the utterly fagged. Ye
tive, In hrr darkened" bed yfiamber,
dreamed, with smiling lips, of a' tall sol
dier and a throne on which cobwebs mul
tiplied.' Grenfall Lorry saw in his dreams
a "film soldier with 'troubled -face and
averted, timid eyes, standing guard over
him- with a brave, stiff, bacjs and chin
painfully uplifted. Captain / Qu'nnox
dreamed not. for his mind' was tranquil
in the assurance that he had been for
given by the Princess. .
. While Lorry slept in the room set apart
for him Anguish roamed the park with a
happy-faced, slender young lady, into
whose ears he poured the history of/ a
certain affection, 'from the tender begin
ning- to the distracting end.- And she
. smiled and trembled with delight.' closing
not her ears against the sound of his
voice nor her heart to the love that craved
admission. They were .not dreaming.
. After dinner that evening Lorry led the
Princess out into the moonlight night. The
November breezes were soft and balmy
and the shadows deep. .,'
"Let us leave the park to Dagmar and
her hero, to the soldiers and the musi
cians," said Yetive. . "There is, a broad
portico here, ••with the tenderest of memo
ries. Do_ you remember a night like this
a month "or, more ago— the moon, the sen
tinel and some [ sorrows?_;. F would again
stand where we stood on* that^nighf and
again look up to the moon and the solemn
sentinel, but not- as we saw them then,
with heartache and evasion.",
"The balcony, then, without the old re
strictions." Lorry agreed. "I want to see
that dark old monastery, again, and to tell
you how, I looked from its lofty winodws
through the chill of wind and the chill of
. life- into the fairest Eden that was ever
denied man."* •
• . "In an hour, then, I will meet you
there." . \ ¦
"I must correct you. In" an hour you
will find mo , there."
She l?ft him. retiring with her
aunt . and the Countess ... Dagmar.
Lorry remained, in 'the ha!l with
Halfont, Prince ! Bolaroz, Mizrox and
Anguish. The conversation ran once more
into the ever-rccurrlnk 'topic of the day,
Gabriel's confession. - The Prince of Daws
.bertjen was- confined -in the Tower ' with
' his confederated Berrowag. . Reports from
Dangloss • late m the; afternoon conveyed
the'intelllgence that the prisoner had fall
en snto melancholia^ '* Berrowag admitted
to.the police that he had stood guard al
the door -"while Gabriel * entered'!:, the
Prince's roomand killed him fas heslept.
;;.IJe;descr,lb^
fort to turn suspicion lo the 'American
b>\ leaving bloodstains., The "ether Daws
bergen nobles, with. the exception '¦ of twe
- V. ' ¦¦ . »
"I . ask you, my lord?, .to acknowledge
tho marriage of your ruler to Grenfall
Lorry. I am to be his wife; but I entreat
you to grant Jme' happiness '.withoiii mak
ing]me endure the misery that will come
to me if, I desert .my; father's : throne and
;the people' who ' have ; worshiped , me ' and
tbVwhom I am bdund.by a tie that cannot
be; broken. I,do -not plead so much'for
the right to rule as I do for.the one who
may rule after: I am .'gone/ I want >my
• own to follow me on the throne of Grau-
"My child, my child!" he cried, lifeless
ly. "You cannot do this thing!" -
"But the people?" cried Gaspon. bis
eyes gleaming. "You cannot act against
the will 'of the people. Our laws,
natucal and otherwise, proscribe the
very act you ' have in mind. The
American cannot go upon our throne; no
man, unless he be of royal blood, can
share It. with you. If you marry him the
lav/s of our land— you know them well
will prohibit us from recognizing the mar
riage."
"Knowing that, my lords, I have come
to ask you to revise our laws. My throne
will not be disgraced by the man I would
have share It with me." She spoke calmly
as if she were making the most trivial re
quest instead of asking her Ministers lo
overthrow and undo the laws and customs
of, ages and of dynasties.
"The law of nature cannot be changed,"
, muttered Caspar, as if to himself.
"In the event that the custom cannot
be changed.' I : shall be compelled to re
linquish my. right to occupy the throne
. and 'to depart from among you. I would
break my heart, my lords, to resort to
this monstrous sacrifice, but I love one
man first; my crown and my people after
him."
"You would not leave us— you would not
throw aside as despised the crown your
ancestors. wore for""centuries?" cried Gas
pon.' "Are you mad, Yetive?"
Tho ; others were with open
' mouths and icy hearts.
"Yes, as much as it wouljj grieve me. I
would do all this," "she answered, firmly,
not daring to look at her uncle. She knew
his eyes were upon her and that condem
nation lurked in; their depths.' Her heart
ached to turn " to ' him with a prayer for
forgiveness,^ but' there could be no falter—
Ing .now. ¦
The silence of death stole into the room.
Every man's eyes were glued upon the
white face of the Princess and none could
break the spell. They had expected it,
yet the shock was overwhelming: they
had feared / it, yet the announcement
stupefied them. She looked straight be
fore her, afraid to meet the eyes of her
subjects, knowing that sickening disap
proval dwelt In them. Not a word wa3
uttered for many seconds. Then old Cas
par's tense muscles relaxed and his arms
dropped linjply from their crossed position
on his breast. ,
"My lords." she said, : summoning*, ail
her strength of mind and heart, "I am
gratified to find you so ready to respond
to the call of your whimsical/sovereign.
Yesterday you came' with heart bowed
down and in deepest woe. To-day I as
semble you here that I may ask your ad
vice concerning the events of that strange
day. Bolaroz will do as he "has promised.
We are to have the extension papers this
afternoon, . and Graustark . may - breatho
again the strons. . deep .breath of hope.
You well remember my attitude on yes
terday. You were shocked, horrified,
amazed by my seemingly ignoble effort
to preserve my preserver's life. We will
pass over that, however. It is to discmy
my position that I have called you here.
To begin, I would have sacrificed my
kingdom, as you know., to save him. He
was innocent and I loved him. If. on yes
terday, I would not let my kingdom stand
between me and my love, I cannot do so
to-day.* I have called you here to tell
you, my lords, that I have promised to
become the wife of the man who would
have given his life for you and for me—
that I love -as a woman, not as a Prin
cess."
Expectancy, concern, the. dread of un
certainty marked the countenances of
Graustark's Ministers and her chief men
as they sat in the council chamber on the
day following, awaiting the appearance of
their Princess, .at whose call they were
unexpectedly assembled. More than two
score eyes glanced nervously toward the
door from time to time.
All realized ] an emergency. Xo sooner
were they out of one dilemma^ than an
other cast its prospects across their path,
creating the fear that rejoicing would be
short. While none knew the nature of
the business that called them together
each had a stubborn suspicion that it re
lated-to the stirring declarations of the
day before. Not one in that assembly but
l'ad heard the vivid, soulful sentence from
the throne. , Not one but wished in secret
as -Gaspon and Halfont had wished In
open speecto. •. •
When the,. Princess entered with the
Prime Minister they narrowly scanned
tho face dear to them. Determination an/1
cowardice were blended in the deep blue
eyee. pride and dejection In the firm step,
strength and weakness in the loving
smile she bestoived upon " the faithful
counselors. After the greetings, she re
quested them' to draw chains about the
great table. Seating herself in her ac
customed seat, she gazed over the circle
of anxious faces and realized, more than
at any time in her young life, that she
was frail and weak beyond all compari
son. How small she was to rule ' ovcV
those strong, wise men of- hers; how fee
ble the hand that held the scepter.
XXVIII— THE MAID OF GRAUSTARK.
knowing that she was also watching. the
strollers/
' "They are so sure of eacb other." she
replied, sadly. •
When almost directly beneath the rail
the Countess glanced upward, impelled by
the strange instinct of an easily. startled
love, confident that prying eyes were upon
.her. She saw the dark forms leaning
over the rail and rather jerkily brought
her companion to a standstill and, to a
realization of his position. Anguish turned
his eyes aloft. . ' ..-.
: "Can yo 4 u,"fa!r maid, tell me the names
of those beautiful stars I see in the dark
dome above?" he asked, in a loud, happy
voice. "Oh, can they be eyes?"
"Eyes, most noble sir." replied his com
panion. "There are no stars so bright."
"Mcthought they were diamonds in tho
sky at first. Eyes like those must belong
to some divinity."
"They do, fair student, and to a divinity
well worth worshiping' I have heard it
said :that men offer themselves as sacri
fices upon' her altar?."
-"Unless ray telescope deceives me, I (
discern a very handsome sacrifice, up
there, so I suppose the altar must be
somewhere in tht: neighborhood.'", ;S
."Not. a" hand's breadth beneath her
eyes," laughed the Countess, as she fled
precipitately up the steps, followed by the
jesting student. "
•.'Beware. of a. divinity in wrath," came
a sweet, ,- clear voice from the balcony,
and Anguish called out from his safe
retreat, like the.boy'he was:
. "Ah, who's afraid:" •
The Princess was laughing softly, her.
eyes radiant a3 they met those ~of her
companion,' amused yet grave v
"Does he have a care?" she asked.^"'V
"I fear not. He loves a Countess." *
"He has not to pay the price. of -am
bition, then?" said she," softly.
"Ambition is , the cheapest article in the
world," he said. "It concerns only a
man's self."
¦ • •
"GoinV back. I sec." said Sitzky,. the
guard, stomc months later, addressing a
very busy. young man who was hurrying ,
down the* platfc-ura of the Edelweiss rail- '
way station ' toward the special train
which wa? puffing impatiently.
"Hello. S'.tzky! Is it you? I'm glad to
pee you again. Yes, we are going back to
the land of the stars and stripes." ' The
speaker was Mr. Anguish.
"You'll have fine company 's fcr as Vi
enna, too. D'-you ever see such a cele
bration's dey're havin' here to-day? You'd
fink d' whole world was interested In d*
little. visit her Royal Highness is goin' to
pay to Vienna. Dummcd if d' whole city,
soldiers an' ail, ain't down here to see 'er
off. Look at d* crowd! By glory. I don't
b'lleve we c'n pu!l d' train out of d' sta
tion. 'Qualnted wid any of d' royal
crowd?"
"Slightly." answered Anguish, smiling.
He was watching a trim figure In a tailor
made gown* as it approached, drawing
apart from the throng. It was 3Ir3. Har
ry Van Brugh Anguish.
"Say. you must cut some ice wid dese
people. But dat's jest like an American,
dough." the little guard went on. "De
Princess married an American an' dey
say he's groin* to put d" crown away where
d' moths won't git at it an* take her over
to live in Washington fer six months. I3
it a sure f Ing?"
"That's right. Sitzky. She's going back
with us and. then we're coming back with
her."
"Why don't he keep 'er over dere when
he gits her dere? What's *d' use— whafa
d' use?"
"Well, she's still the Princess of Gran
stark, you know, Sitzky. She can't live
always in America." >
•'Got to be here to hold her Job, eh?"
"Inelegant, but correct. Now look
sharp! Where do we find ourT-Ah!" His
wife was with him arid he forgot Sitzky.
The guard turned to watch the proces
sion—a file of soldiera, a cavalry troop
carriages and then-the carriage with
Fplnted horses and gay accouterraenta.
It stepped with a jangle and a man and
woman descended.
"The Princess: 1 ' cried Sitzky
Jive the Princess!"' cried tha
crowd. "God save our Yetive'"
Sitzky started as if shot, staring at the
tall man who approached with the smil
ing sovereign of Graustark. "Well " he
gasped, "what d* you fink o' dat!"
The train that was to carry them out of
15 ,h k ,\ tO , the West puffed and *™«
lt', " clanced - the People cheered.
*« u? V , 7*1* ° ff - Houra later as the
v/t. W m v, ° Ush the Hun &arian plain.
Yetive. looking from her window, said in
that exquisite English which was her
very own:
: "An. the world, the dear world! I am
suggested by the. Princess— coupled with
the threat to abdicate— was the Weight-^
ies^ yet the most delicate question that
had ever come before the thief men of
Graustark. It meant the beginning of a
new line of Princes, new life, new blood.
a complete transformation of order as it
had come down through the reigns of
many Ganlooks. For the first time in the
history of the country there was a wom
an sovereign; for the first time there had
been no direct rr.alc heir to the throne.
With old 'Prince Ganlook's passing the
masculine side of the illustrious family
ended. ~So matter whom his daughter
took for a husband, the lire was broken.
Why not the bold, progressive, rich Amer
ican? argued some. Others fell In with
the views .of the few who first surren
dered to the will of Yetive. untH at last
but one remained in opposition. Count
Caspar held out until all were against
him. giving way finally in a burst of, ora
tory which ended in tears #nd sobs and
which made the sense of Ahe gathering
unanimous.
The Princess Yetive won the day. so far
as her own position was concerned. But,
there was Lorry to be considered.
• t'Mr. Lorry knows that I called you, to
gether in consultation, but be does not
know that I would have given up my
crown for him. I dared not tell him that.
He only knows that I was to ask your
advice on the question; of marriage, and
that alone. I-ast nlsht he told, me he was
confident you would agree toithe union.
He is an American, and does not appre-^
ciate the difficulties attending such an
espousal. Over there distinction exists
only in wealth and Intelligence— position.
I lelieve they call it, but not such as
ours* He is a strange man, and we have
yet to consult him as to the arrange
ment," she said to her lords, pursing her
lips. "1 tear he will object to the plan
we have agreed upon,"' she went on. "He
is sensitive, and it is possible he will not
like the idea of putting our marriage to
the popular vote of the people."
- "I Insist. howe\ er, that the people be
considered in the matter." said Gaspon.
"In three months' time the whole nation
can. say whether it sanctions the revision
of cur laws of heredity. It would not bo
right or just for us to. say who shall be
their future rulers for all time to come
without consulting them."
"I have no hesitancy in saying that
Graustark already idolizes this brave
American," said Halfront, warmly. "He
has wen her affection. If the question in
placed before the people to-morrow in
proper form I will vouch for it that the
whole nation will rise and cry: 'Long live
the Princess: Long live the Prince Con
sort" "
i
Then followed a Ion?, animated discus
sion, growing brighter and more hopeful
as the speakers* -willing hearts warmed to
the proposition. Lorry was a favorita
but he could net be their prince. Hered
itary law prohibited. Still his children, if
God gaxc them to him, might be declared
rightful helr3 to the throne of their
mother, the Princess. . The more they
talked, the more the problem seem
ed' to . solve Uself. Many times
the Princess and her wise
men met and overcame obstacles, huge at
tirst, minimized in the end, all because*
they loved her and she loved them. The
departure from traditionary custom, as
;\ THE; /SUNDAY": CAM,",
6
who^had gone to the capital of their coun
try with the .newk.of the catastrophe,''re
mained close to fhe hotel. ' One of them
confessed that: but little eynipathy' would
be felt at for Gabriel, who was
hated by-his subjects. Already there was
talk among them of Prince | Dantan. his
younger ; brother, ; as his successor to tho
throne. The young-Prince was a ! favor
ite with the people. '
Bolaroz was pleased with the outcome
of the sensational accusation and. the con
sequent'removal 'of;. complications '¦ which
had in reality been unpleasarjt to him. :
One feature of the scene Jn\the throne
room was not discussed, although it was
uppermost in the minds of all.y The posi
tive stand taken by the Princess and her
open , : avowal of love for .'the dashing
American were never to be forgotten. The
serious wrinkles on the brow of Halforit
and the faraway expression" that i came
frequently to his eyes revealed the nature
wor'd— the ..United- States.'*/' His, home »is
his kingdom; his'r/!fe, his mother. Ills'
sisters are his Queens and his Princesses;
his fellow •citizenn are hi3ailrniring sub
jects if hs is wise and good. In my land
you: will find the poor man climbing to
the highest -pinnacle;; Bide by side with
the rich roan. .The woman I, love , Is '* a
Princess.:- Had she been the lowliest^maid
in all that great kind of ours?/ still would
she • have been \ my Queen. I ; her : Kins.
When first I loved the mistress of 'Graus
tark she was. v you must- not forget, -Miss
Guegenslocker. I have said all this, to
you, sir, not in egotism nor Iir bitterness,
but", to show my "right: to* hope in the faco
of -ail obstacles. We recognize little as
Impossible, r Until death destroys: this
power to love and to. hope I. must say to
you that I shall, not consider the Princess
Yetive beyond my reach. Frankly, I can
not, sir." 1 , . ,' . :•:¦:.;
The Count heard him through, uncon-
.-jfull;, length ,of the ' ; balcony iwithout. a
word. : .' And : yet they understood' each
other.. -The "mystic.- the'enchanting silence
of lovo was fraught with 'a conversation
felt, not 1 heard.
"*Why are you so quiet?" lie asked, at
last;- stopping near the rail. •_:
"I cannot tell you why.- It seems . to
roe; that I am afraid: of you," she an
swered, a, shy. Quaver in her' voice. • \
¦•„. "Afraid- ."of me?" I don't understand." ,
¦ '-'Nor do I. You, are not as youwere
• before^ this ; morning-. " You 'are different—
'¦ yes, you i make me. feel that I . am j weak
and helpless and that you can say to me
'come', arid 'go" and I must! obey. Isn't it
'odd that I, who have never known sub
misslvcncEs. should so suddenly find my
self v tyrannized?" she asked, smiling
faintly. *
- "Shall I tell you why you arc afraid of
me?". he asked.
. "You will say it is because I am for-
GRAUSTARK
THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONEON Page Eight of this sfceticn/of The Simday. Call you will
find the second in that serits .of splendid poster pictures ; by
J Ed Borein. The lilustretioa fe'r this week 2ias bsen 'printed . in
specially selected colors and-, will prove a gem to add to. your collecr ¦< ¦'.
tioa of Western Posters., Mr. Bc|reia is theone artist >of the United '
States who catches the true ring, end dash of life 'in. the great
Southwest. His pictures speak for themselves. They are the perfect
embodiment of animal fire "and Action', and this series will represent .'
as a whole the best types of the sturdy, manhood of the plains that •
have ever been published, in any. newspaper" at home or abroad.
Have the care to select's, mount for this 1 poster 'that will- match the''
delicate tints of , the picture made possible by The Call's latest. color }" ,
proccEs, and the result will prove 'a- decorative addition to any, wall. ¦ :
ANOTHER SPLENDID POSTER PICTURE.
ccrns back to their loose Crdgbt and sr.t
down to watch for customers. I>rays
thi;r.dered in under the blgfi rhed oT Hit:
wharf and rattled oat asain.-tes.vtng l*e
hind them piles of all sorts «f tpjS. lor i!"e
trucks of the sicaacr hands to taif «>:i
board. And they took it on board with *
rattle and o rush, and the hoars* cry cf
"gangway" made inar.y a -wouJd-bc' : pTt»- .
senger look to his safety, for there was but
one gangplank for passengers anfl frelshi.
The bow of the boat had been cleared,
and a coal cart was- filling it with dastr
coal. The cart was a. rfumsr *SCalr. U»e
horse fiery and stubborn. It was no easy
matter to back the concern down the stoep
Incline to the boat safely considering the
motley mass of people and trucks that
made a continual stream over the jrang
planks.
Suddenly Tuftsey sprang:, forward,"
clutched a young woman by the arm and
gave her a sharp pull to one' side, just as
the big wheel of the coal cart was about
to strike her. The carter had Jerked ih*
were floating and dipping over the wavc3.
"I gcess, Tuftsey," he said/ "I guess—' '
/Just then there - w&s a cry\ from . the
Pteimer, followed by a'splash.7. Some one
had fallen overtoard f:om the stern of the •
bonti ; A ' large, cfowd ; gathered on ¦ the
edg'e'of the, wharf. opposite the point, and
gathered so quickly and packed so densely
'.that'Tuftscy'dnd Rags«y founa lt : aimost
impossible to get through ¦'; it, although
thcy.'v. were ..used to wiggling through
crowds and ; had run at . the first .'alarm.
| Suddenly, | while Tuftsey .was stniggilns '
to g?t to.the. front to sec.what ,was hap
pening,' he heard some one cry, out," "Ifs"
a woman!" and then some one, else said,
"She's sinking again!": ';'(.. ..
-The face of that pretty girl he- /had
: pulled; back from under, the cartwheels'
•came; before ' Tuftsey's eyps, andihe feit ;
¦ . somehow • that it* was she : that. was in th*
.water. ,. So strong was this feeling'that he'
seized 'the coat-tails of- 'a ; fleshy • mnn
.whose ¦ form -barred' his. c way- to- the edge
Tuftsey shook his head. "Ragsey." h$
said, with a sort of half wail, "wot's the
use of doin* anything?"
And .Ragsey. with a hard lump in hla
throat, answered despairingly. "NothinV*
\ "Don't!" cried Ragsey. -.' '• v
"Well, she didn't go that day cause sh«
fell in the water, and she. never heard
from the Stockton feller till Just last
Tuesday. Then nhe got a letter, an* th«
feller wrote that he was married, an' that
if she hadn't thought enough of him to
come to Stockton he guessed she wpuldn't
break her heart because she'd lost him—
but 'she did. Ragsey, she did."
."Tuftsey," said Ragsey. "le'3 go away
le's git on one o' them big ships an' sail
off somewheres. I don't want to live hers
— not now."
"So did I. but she's— she's dead, Rassey,
dead."
Ragsey laid his hand on Tuftsey's kne«.
"Dead!" he cried. "Tuftsey, yer lyin*!"
But the tears trickling down through
Tuftsey's fingers proved that he wasn't.
"She died this mornin'," he whispered,
brokenly, "an* I come down to find you."
They sat for some time without speak
ing 1 , both looking away over the bay. The
cries of the wheeling gulls came whim
peringly through the air; the whistle of
a far-off tug sounded like a dismal wail,
and the slap and smash of the waves on
the piles under them was aa if the sea
was weeping also.
Then Tuftsey told how it all happened.
"You. know, Ragsey. she was goin' to
meet a feller up at Stockton. They was
to be married there ' and then they was
goin* to go a-tourinV She'didn't have' but
just enough tin to pay her fare: that's
why she didn't buy any papers. You re
member wot you said "
"Doc said as how it was de heart— kind
o' got tired an' give up its job."
"De heart— give up Its job? Wy, wot
do you mean?" . ;.
"Ragsey," . said Tuftsey. with deepest
solemnity, "did you love Miss Doris?"
"Sure!" ' — '
you seen Miss— Miss Doris lately?"
Ragsey was breaking a splinter of wood
into small pieces and throwing them out
to the wheeling gulls. He half paused In
his occupation and then said slowly, with
out looking up':
"I ain't been up there for weeks."
"Then you don't know about it?"
"About wot?"
"Ragsey," said Tuftsey, solemnly, "Miss
Doris has been sick." .
"Wofs that?"
"Sure! She was took bad last Tues
day an* she dl- — " he stopped abruptly
with a sulp.
"Wot was de nratter?" Ragsey was sit
ting up straight and trying to look into
Tuftsey's shifting eyes.
• . ¦ ¦".. , 71', .— ' '**
stood uncertain. There was Tuftsey, hll
hand outstretched, a pathetic smile on
his face. Ragsey hesitated a moment and
then he seized the hand. "Tuftsey. . old
fellow!" he 'cried. They stood a moment
so and then they sat down together.- For
a while there was sllenc© between them,
then Tuftsey spoke:
"Ragsey." her said, "have you seei* "
he choked oddly, then recovered, "have
clock. would start for Stockton.
It was after 4 o'clock now, and there was
ronsidcrahle bustle about the boat. Tl:.;
passengers were going on board, too, and
every once in awhile Tuftsey and Ragsey
wmad leave their seats to remind some
man that "Here's da. evenln* papers, lat
est edition." But no one seemed to care
for the evenin' papers; no one wanted the
latest edition, or the earliest edition: and
no one took any interest in the horrible
murder they described. So it was that
Tuftsey and Ragsey sold but few papers,
and business was by no means bright
Rith them. ;;*r.:
They ; made a tour of the .steamer—
aroimd the promenades, through the
jabins, and over the top deck— and thea
<-jwL*FTSEY and Ragsey Eat on some
I loose freight that was piled up en
J the Clay-street wharf, and watched,
I the brawny river-men load ili«?
•^ steamer that at S. by the ferry
The girl looked at Ragsey. then down at
Tuftsey. and at the papers under the arm
of each. Her hand went to her pocket
"Evenin* papers!" called Ragsey. osten
tatiously, looking far away over the wa
ter. ¦ ' - . ¦ ¦ ; .
Tuftsey promptly doffed the ragged ex
cuse for a hat that partly covered his
curly head..
."I Just pulled you out th* way o' that
cart, miss." he said.
The girl looked at the cart," compre
hended and smiled.
•Thank you.'" she said. ' She hesitated a
moment- - . -
horse roughly by the bit because It
wouldn't back to suit him. and maddened
at this treatment, the animal had reared
suddenly and thrown itself backward.
Tuftsey had been watching and when the
young woman attempted to pass just be
hind the cart to reach the boat, he saw
her danger. . ' ..
She stood looking- at him now. somewhat
startled and surprised. .
wasn't ; Bhe pretty, Rassey, ole : feller?
Hair all fuzzy an' brown an' teeth' jist *fs
white— an' suy! did you -see .the smile she'
give- me?- An' her dark eyes— my! da was
the clearest, softest eyes-^— V
Ragsey was looking at him with a
scornful curl to his thin, pinched | lips.
"Guess" her eyes wasn't no softer! n your
''¦ head," he said, and with that parting shot
elbowed his way; through a crowd to -sell
'a paper. '/¦¦'_ •' .'•; - . '¦'• - "?'¦¦<>
'. When he came back Tuftsey's mood had
changed. He was disheartened. r
"Ain't no use in stayiri' here'.- Tuf tsey,"
said Ragsey: "Le's go down da front."
Tuftsey snook his head. . ' . ¦ ;
"Well, ; le's so up to da odder boat,
then." '\- " : . -: '
Tuftsey banged his papers, down on the
¦ empty potato boxes beside him and turned
on Ragsey fiercely:
"Oh< wot's da use of anyfing?" he de
m«nded. ¦
Ragsey let* his pale eyes wander - over
¦the wharf and out to where the seagulls^
of the wharf and tugged at them fiercely.
"Lemme through!" he panted. The man
. v.as well-dressed; and he turned and
shoved Tuftsey back. "Get out of" here,
you ragamuffin," he said, roughly,. -and
then he called out: "Hurry up with that
boat— she's gone down the second time!'
The words made Tuftsey frantic. / Ho
gripped the fleshy man by the arm. "Say,
mister," he said, "kin you swim?*;, "Yes,"
said the man, shortly, :. without turning,
and then he began calling <againMo the
steamboat, crew to. hurry up. Tuftsey
looked around, saw * Ragsey : at his elbow,
whispered something to him' and then, be
fore any one knew what they were,- doing,
they had' given the fleshy man' a shove
that sent him. with a yell. into. the water,
and leaping- to this- edge of the. wharf
had dived, like two shadows, toward. the
struggling woman-, now really drowning. .
Tuftsey and Ragsey were the heroes of
the hour along the water front. Their
pictures were' in' the papers, along witk
generous praise of their heroism, and the
' other newsboys .-_' were most • envious j of
.them-^and envy is the highest compliment
among'such. But Tuftsey and Ragsey
were niodest and unassuming and bore
their new honors with beseeming: grace.
They sold papers, night and morning, the
same as usual, and the fact of their hav
ing saved that girl's life made but little
difference with their, lives except that
they sometimes went up to the house
where ' she lived. ; The house was far up
on a steep hill— a little - cottage with -a
tiny green yard and one shade tree. Some
times : :Tuftsey would go up alone, and
the girl," Miss Doris, would sit under the
tree and read to him while he lay stretch
ed out by her side. These were happy
times for -Tuftsey, for. he liked to be read
t|>,, and,, besides, ever since thatincident
at-the.wharf he had felt a" great. nameless
sbmetliing under his ragged coa,t,' which,
drew.' him. toward Miss • Doris,- and made
her; appear prettier and sweeter , every
time Jitr saw her. It was a! something
which made him forget that -he was only
a street- gamin and that- Miss Doris, be
sides j being j a great deal . older than he,
was a T superior being. ,-. So ., Tuftsey often
went / up- on I the - hill.'.,; He felt
something of a traitor on these occasions,
for he' generally brought them about by
grossly- deceiving- the unsuspecting Rag
sey into believing that he was going some
where ;else.- . -r '¦., ':•'¦ ¦;._ /•.- ¦;; -,' ;
But one day..Ragsey ; c»nciuded; that he
wftuW <pay-aUvtsit.', to : ftlisV' Doris' r . Without
TuftsVyi ;ySo 'he ¦ climbed; up-, the\'steep j hill
to »Vfic«h{jti se.^Tu'ere .was ' Miss; Dorjs and ,
Tufts'cy^uhtler'the tree.- Ragsey was
>li'rprlsTO— so.-'was ¦ Tuftsey. '^at- Miss'
Do.ri5)look]ng : notice— she only jnHde Rag
f-py.' come and sit . down beside I'her and
she" Ttalked. tt» j him just as she 'talked to
'rfjfisey"."iThP'y had > very pleasant after-;
noun', f but 'when they got; started, away
-Ragsey turned on his friend.
.. "I tought you was goin' down to de
.wharf'dis afternoon?" he said.
"Well, I didn't," said Tuftsey. VSce?"
. "You said you wos !" answered . Ragscy
fiercely, "an" instead o' that you sneaks
off ud to see Miss Doris!"
- ''Wot's that?" demanded Tuftsey, stop
ping and doubling his fists. '-
¦ "That's; jist wot you are!"- said Ras
sey—"a sneak!" '. : :
'¦'¦ The next moment Ragsey and Tuftsey
were' mixed up in one grand commingling
' of belligerent fists and twisting legs, and
when they, at last separated themselves
they; were considerably the -worse for the
scrimmage. - Tuf tsey's eye was swelled
and Ragsey's nose was bleeding 1 . .
¦-"•'"bat's all right." said the latter as he
wiped the injured member with his coar
sleeve; "but if you don't want more 'n
a black eye, Tuftsey, you jist see 't you
keep a way from Miss Doris— dat's. all!"
Tuftsey spat the dirt out of his mouth
with art action , of scorn. _ .
"Huh!" he said. . "Guess I'll go see Sliss
•Doris, whenever Iwant.to! She likes_me
best, anyhow, ¦ an' if, you don't want
more'n yer face smashed you k«ep away
from her. -See?" ; . , • .
And so they parted.
• -" ¦ : ' ' ¦ ' • .•'•*¦.-.
Residents of Jhe water front were sur
prised when they came to know of the
unfriendliness between Tuftsey and
Ragsey. But to all questions these per
sons 'answered that' "nothin* was de mat
ter." Nevertheless,, they-, never spoke,
though they met almost every day. They
both visited Miss Doris . once in a while,
but neither found occasion to | carry out
his. dire threads against the other for the
simple reason that each took care not to
get in the way of the other. But after
some days Ragsey 'got a .steady position
in a • chophouse and he ceased visiting
Miss [Doris. . . .. ». _ :
One Sunday morning Ragsey was sit
ting on the extreme end of a wharf, look
ing ; out over the bay. He had a vaca
tion for that day, -and he had come down
here, to think. He watched ; the " gulls
floating and' dipping and the ferry-boats
and tugs gliding by. He saw the great,
black-hulled ? vessels, that, were moored far
out in" the bay, and he longed to be able
to embark on one of them and sail fat
away. For, as Tuftsey often said,. what
was. the use of anything? Ragsey was no
body—nobody at all— and probably never
would be. And Miss'Doria was good and
lovely and; a fine lady, if she; was very
.poor./ Ragsey loved -Miss Doris— he, felt
as : if.:he never could tell how A much-^-but
Miss Doris 'was much older; than he; , and
then, no doubt,' she did like Tuftsey bet
ter - than him anyway. If he was only
rich—.-. .•-.- fj ¦'¦¦_' ¦-.;'.¦; ¦'¦
"Ragsey!" called a familiar voice at his
back:-:' .- ' ;'••?•¦»••'•..'••-';'';'• •¦.-, •:¦*¦.-•< '. .: •
< Ragsey leaped to his feet, and then
"Oh, wot yo' givin' us!" said -Tuftsey.
"It wasn't much to-do— jest .pull -'er.baek
— an' I guess shs wasn't rich nohow. ;' But
"Didn't ' o.ven buy a paper!" continued
Ragpey with a subdued snort. "Oh, dat's
jest like 'em! Da never " :
Tuftsey. was silent.
"Yes,. sir; she Tanked me like cr. lady!"
said Tuftfcey, proudly.
"Le'sgo up town an'have somethin* <to
chew on it." - ' '.' -¦
"On wot?" . ' • ¦
"On da lady's Tanks— yo' seem- to f^nk
it's wort' somethin'." ¦ •• . .
arid then was slowly withdrawn while a
pained expression came into her. eyes- She
openrd;her lips -to *a>ealc, then shut them
tightly and turned away. : '<A. moment later
she had faded amid the crowd of human
ity on the steamer and Tuftsey went back
to the freight pile and sat down. by Rag
sey.; ; : V,;.; \<'J^ ¦¦\ : -. • ;';V : \» *'. : .\ -.'.,.: '",
"DId'she t'ank ye?"' asked Ragsey,- sar
castically. • ' # ¦ ' - *
THE STORY OF TUFTSEY AND RAGSEY
7
THE SUNDAY CALL;THE SUNI)A Y CALL.
8In Adams County, Indiana, there live
several thousand members of the Amish
church, who are ; ref usiru* ?• jm» 7 their
taxes on religious grounds, rxty abso
lutely refuse to make oath to any state
ment, and so far have declined to swear
to the tax lists after makins them out.
The population of the Isle of Pines la
8193, composed of 2090 Cubana, 195 Span
lards and 14 others. Their citizenship is
classified as 2S1S Cubans. 32 Spaniards, 334
in suspense and 15 aliens.
Nightingale: ; Mrs." Sammis was Ha-ta-lea
Na-tloy, f or '.-.Sxhlling Chanter. /":
'- Besides the:: maKe-belleve bucks and
ding, equaw dance. Zunl love songs,
gambling games and a reproduction ¦ of a"
celebrated powwow (at which will be
HssT^MliSBBBBW^SBlisaBBBBMBa^lSsOl I M II M^Bfc ¦¦¦ i II
loved mustaches, which fact caused : the
only flaw In the "make-up. Each of these
performers took an Indian name and was
known by It during the evening.' and 'on
the printed programme. For Instance,
, Miss Collins was Tom-ah-no-tah, or
fitted with seats like an amphltheatar
for 100 guests. Across the and of the
studio and facing the -street was tha
Hogan,' or. house of the Indian, hung with
the brilliant Navajo blankets In bright
est red. blade and yellow v At th« doors
were tho water bottles, the pappoosa bas
kets, the weapons and the Implements
used in dally life. Everything used for
house I decoration as well as the dresses
and .; Jewelry worn once belonged to the
Indians of the Southwest
After an explanatory talk by Professor
James the real Indians opened the en
tertainment with incantations of the
medicine man, the announcement of the
death of a- chief and tho election of a
new- chief. V
Then began that part of the programme
which was rendered by the amateur In
dians. A real Indian song had been
learned by Mr. Sammis and was sung
with the strange wailing tones that are
peculiar to Indian music. ; It took much
practice to accomplish this, but the result
was so successful that the real Indians
beamed with delight at the realism.
That most .touching little attention' of
the mother-in-law to tha future son was
reproduced— the ceremony In which the old
lady shampoos the youth with cal-a-wash.
He had to endure being very, well ducked,
for the amateur - mother-in-law had no
mercy upon him.:;, "
KEY TO THE LETTER OF INVITATION.
*quaws ¦ there : were five . bona-flde Indians
present,: members : of the Blackfoot- and
Iroquols tribes, who came to help out the
festivities arid give, "atmosphere." Pro
fessor .James t and s Mr. Pepper,-^ students
of Indian < lore, : assisted ; in ca -Tying O ut
the ceremonies ; accurately. . The whole
performance; had been "careYully studied
and . rehearsed - for ' weeks \ before the af-1
fair, came off.'. ' . ; ; ¦•. 1 j
Mrs. . Goodwin ' hunted up old hlstoriesl
¦ and legends*. She kept to /accuracy ' inl
every detall^of costumes, ceremonies andl
decoration. ",The .studio, which occupies'
i the entire • upper floor of her ; home,' was
1— Osbil m Attention! (AH look
. ' • Into the same eye.)
2— Nocke*..:.........After 14 sleeps.
3^-Tah.. In the third > moon. \
4^-Tee...... ........ ...Plant your footsteps.
&-Eshlah .......In the direction < of. }]¦
6— Estah........ White man's Hogan.
1— Soset „ There will be a feast.
S-f^Say-pee... "..To Bucks and Squaws.
»-Nosh-tle •....Plenty of meat and
corn.
10^-Xlsnah... ....... ..".Plenty of drink..
11— Sla-Katah... Afterward.
13— Nockee-taUh You will be welcome.
13— Tah-catah.. :...... To the ceremonies.
U--T«*-»atah.........Maji with black beard
called Big Bear will
. 'talk to both.
nien and women.
15-Eslatah. r .........i ndlan lorw gmcIn#
. • and courting
18-Estatah ; Indian wedding.
I7-So S ee-aatah.......i nd i aa gquaw S!n*-
Ing to her Pappcos*
M-Say-pee-zatah.... The Dance of Thank-
Ins the Great Spirit.
19-Msna-zatah. . . . . ..Celebrated Powwow
(between U.S.Com
missioner and Nar
- ~ -. «Jo Indians).
S>— Notteen ......Afterward.
21— Notteen OshU..... Plant your footsteps
In the , direction *tf
your hom*.
n-Notteen Kocks^.Tak* a, rwrt.
»-N©tta«a Tail .Drwun ant t\
, • ¦ ' ; . ¦ \
ambroiderles passed from hand to»hand.
Tha bocks swapped wives with great
realism, bargaining cannily and seizins,
their new possessions with great delight.
The wives played their role wltn true In
dian stoicism, soemintfy well satisfled
with the transaction.
The pow-wow was carefully carried out.
being an authentic representation of one.
as It really happened. Many Indiana wera
present Mr. Goodwin himself took tha
part of tha Commissioner.
The wind-up, of the affair was a wild
dance, supposed to b« in thanksgiving;,
and a wonderful feast which was brought
all the way to New York from Arizona,
Chim-a-wota, or Navajo tea, was there,
and pinon nuts and Indian bread made by
a Navajo woman "who lives forty mile*
from a railroad station on th« desert of
Arizona. A Navajo woman waited on the
guests, who sat about In true Indian
fashion on the sanded floor.
It was a splendid feast from an Indian
point of view, and if any of the ruests
made for their own pantries upon reach
ing home, then the blame was to be laid
only to their civilized appetites, spoiled;
by many generations of pat»-de-f ole-gTas *
training.
Thlrty-flve of the guests prepared • to
take part In the programme. They were
turned, fcr the time, into bucks : and
equaws, an<t their costuming was elabo
rate. Women sacrificed pompadours and
curls to wear the straight dangling locks
of the squaw; men painted their faces,
but iver* not willing u* part with be-
On the following page appear the in
vitation and programme rendered in plc
tographs for the uninitiated, and a key
follows - for the enlightenment of the
many.
rre=ent noted Indians from other tribes'* ,
all scientifically authentic; ceremonial
sor.grs and dances by real Iroquols, Black
foot and Onondaga Indians. • - V
Your scalp be upon your own head if
you fail to appear. " t . .
After fourtee'n sleeps In the third moon
of the civilized year 1501 you are com
manded to turn your footsteps In the di
rection of 467, on the west side of Central
Park, which Is the Hogan of Mr. and
Mrs. Frederic S. Goodwin, who will give
a fiesta, to the members of their own
tribe and all visiting Indians. When the
moon is in the 6ky there will be much
food and drink.
You are cordially invited to witness the
after ceremonies, not later than nine of
the white man's clock, when the Pellicana
with Ihe black beard, called "Big Bear,"
known as George Wharton James, will
tails to all the people, both men and
¦women. "Hostino Kllsh," the Snake
Man, otherwise George H. Pepper, from
the American Museum of Natural His
tory, will also be present-
There will be a Tsavajo Indian wed-
Attention!
FIESTA.
THERE Is sometmng new In the line
of entertaining. . .-¦ •
Perhaps you thought that every
thing under the sun had been ex
hausted between the time when
our grandmothers attended quilting bees
and the time when their granddaughters
began bridge whist. But the Indian fiesta
makes bridge whist and rummage sales
look l:ke back numbers, and besides be
ing new It gives the best kind of a good
time as welL
Mrs. Frederick Goodwin of New York
Is the woman who . originated the fiesta
last winter. Others have followed in her
footsteps until the thing Is now a fad, but
no one has succeeded in spending as
much time and money and thought, the
moet important of all, on decorations and
programme. Consequently Mrs. Good
win's affair stands out as the model to be
copied, and it la worth while trying to
copy either for raising money or for a
private entertainment. ";;•..-,"
Navajo bread, a squaw dance. Zunl
love songs and a first class powwow all
In your own home, at your own fireside —
pretty lively idea. Isn't it?
And not an Impossible crrreV eltHer.'TVhat
one clever woman planned and carried
out others can imitate.
In the first place. Mrs. Goodwin sent
out her Invitations In swagger style. The'
book is bound In eavag'e red, with a por
trait of High Bear on one cover and a
Kavajo derlgn on the other. The "bid"
reads thusJy:
IXVITATION TO KAVAJO INDIAN
9
The wedding was a solemn ceremony In
which the* bride and groom had many
mystical words said over their heads
while they squatted upon a rug. The brida
- wore marvelous strings of beads, but the
groom's costume was less elaborate, his
trousers being cut from American flour
sacks according: to a popular fashion o£
: the more or less Americanized Indian of
to-day. ":>i
The' aquaw dance was a splendid affair.
In which all the squaws and bucks Joined.
It was entered Into with no less enthusl
- asm by the white dancers than by the real
Indians, who taught the steps and figures.
The red man's musical Instruments fur
nlshed mualo and there was a grand
clashing of savage noise. The shouts anil
walls that accompanied the dance rose
louder and louder as It progressed, and It
was not ended until every man and wo
man was out of breath and too exhausted
' to dance another step.
The squaws' gambling was excitedly fol
lowed by a ring of watchers who gathered
around the mat whereon the game was
played. Stones of different sizes were ar
ranged on the mat. following Its pattern.
The game was , simple, but the stakes)
heavy, for valuable, strings of beads an4
zy p u© y 5 so^ss $^d |§ ft fist- '
. w TT li ~ i r^, fesaSa? i *„/ B5sb»
NEW YORK'S
LATEST FAD
ENTERTAININGIn the!. success of the penetration lies
the revolution of the steering system to
a -, large extent^ during 3 fogs of \ not only
steamboats on the bay, but on all large
rivers, like the; Thames and the Mersey,
for Instance/- where fogs are so prevalent,
and. will be of great assistance to ocean
liners. "/.¦..-'[';¦ ':'/ : -...;.¦ ,-'.. .-¦' -...
V Ott the banks of Newfoundland, where
the fogs are like the Himalayan snows,
everlasting, .the benefit to be derived from
this discovery would be'of untold value. . *
'¦¦-. Shbuld Mr." Whorf's ideas proved conclu
sively correct his "next suggestion "¦' would
be the placing 6t a projector with a green
light \ of : great power .* on each ; ferry-boat
abaft the ' pilot box, - sufficiently \ elevated
toithrow, Its light : fair, and square through
the center of the fog, not for the guidance
Mr. Whorf Intends to use for his first
experiments a marine searchlight project
or, which will be placed at a given height
on the tower, having a - power of r.bout
forty-five amperes. Each ampere will rep
resent about one million candle-power,
so he will have a forty-five million candle
power In all. . •'
With this projector he will- use certain
lenses in' order to concentrate the rays as
much as possible and thus give- it the
most possible penetration.'. '
Thenuestion arises. In which direction
shall this powerful light be thrown?" The
answer to that rests very, much with the
captains," and they must decidewhether It
shall be directed to the Oakland mole or
•over to Goat Island. . .
It will be Mr. 1 Whorf 's aim to focus well
one of the boats who is more than posi
tive in his mind regarding which light is
the best, for after making his landing at
Mission-street wharf the other night,
where the new lights have recently been
placed, he said very emphatically that
"them green lights was the guckoos of
the water front." And there was more
truth than humor in that Swede's re
nwk.
And now it is to be hoped that this light
which human • ingenuity " and brain* is
about to attempt to bring to the highest
pinnacle of the- electrician's 'art may
prove to be the means of averting all fur
ther disasters on the bay, relieve the cap
tains* minds of that eternal anxiety and
become; the "guckoo" of not only th»
water front, but of the universe at larjx
IF THERE is anything new under the
Bun. that new thing Is about to be
eprung on the universe at large And
this city in particular, and its discov
ery will belong to a San Franciscan.
If all goes well this San Franciscan will
be considered the acknowledged savior
of this bay and coast and will be regarded
as the "Marconi of Green Telegraphy."
It is to be hoped that very soon all
chances of future disasters like the Rio
de Janeiro and the more recent sinking
of the ill-fated San Rafael will be im- ,
possible.
The problem which has exhausted the
minds of all prominent men interested In
the matter of light piercing fog is about
to be overcome.
The day is at hand when land fogs will
bring no fear to the navigators of our
bay, and, fog or no fog, the captains will
be able to handle their wheels with equal
case and precision.
During the winter months there is no
more dangerous piece of water than the
bay of San Francisco. The land fogs
come stealing down the Sacramento River
and from the San Joaquin and envelop the
waters in their folds.
It Is not like the sea fog. which can be
penetrated by the eye for a short dis
tance, but the black fog Is thick and al
most impenetrable, rising to an altitude
of from fifty to 150 feet and there stop
ping, thinning gradually from the base
up and leaving the air clear above it.
The penetration of fog by any light has
generally been considered an impossibil
ity, and attempt after attempt has been
made to overcome the difficulty.
The white light simply threw a strong
I glare against the fogs, and the millions of
molecules overwhelmed it and threw. the
glare back with full force. . .
The red light fared better in that it was
softer and more penetrating, still it was
so unsuccessful that It seemed futile to
make any further effort in that line.
And so the matter rested "in statu quo,"
a hard nut to crack.
But If penetration was an impossibility, {
there must be some way of getting round '
or over this fog difficulty and "over" is
the word that will probably do the trick.
While these disasters have been hap
pening a quiet, self-possessed man has
been doing a lot of figuring and thinking,
with' the result that a number of experi
ments are about to be made, with a very
fair chance of success.
This quiet individual is none other than
F- E. Whorf. the Harbor Commissioners'
electrician.
The tower of the ferry will be his "con
ning tower, and a light of sufficient power
and especially arranged his fighting gun.
The largest .single one is $4,177,638 85,
which was presented by a Cuban' eugar
company incorporated under the laws of
the State of New York. From this sum
the claims run down to $7000 or $8000, al
though such small amounts are the ex
ception, the average claim, not counting
those filed on account of the disaster, to
the battleship Maine, being between $200,
000 and £250,000. '- ¦ '• =
Most of these claimants evidently think
Uncle Sam is about the easiest "picking"
the world ever knew. The statements
they have filed with the commission -set- .
ting forth the damage they have suffered
might well rank as humorous* literature."
An examination, of some" of ' ; them' <- fur- ¦-
nlshes more' entertainment^ than v Mark '
Twain's sketches.-, .' - , ;
The Cuban mule must have been a table
delicacy before and during the late insur
rection. Judging from the value placed on
him by the patriots who wish to dip their
hands into Uncle Sam's pockets. Every
cow must have made an American Jersey"'
look mean, if -we are toaccept the values
placed on them. The fences separating
one plantation from another must have
been silver plated. The huts which the'
native workmen 'inhabited : must ..have
been furnished with Brussels carpetsaiid
mahogany bedsteads and ' equipped ••. with
onyx mantelpieces and • porcelain ,' bath
tubs, although the Cubans were not noto
rious for their bathing propensities. ' /'.' --.
And the sugar cane— it ' was the finest
quality, just ready to be harvested i and
FOUR HUNDRED AND NINETY
FIVE persons, firms and corpora
tions want $57,000,000 from the
United States for damages done to
their property in Cuba during the last in
surrection against Spain. The last claims
have been filed with 'the Cuban claims
commission and an examination of them
shows that most of them think the United
States will pay high prices for low com
modities. • . ' •'
FUNNY WAR CLAIMS THAT
BOTHER UNCLE SAM
And how is this to be' accomplished?
How Is this menace to be overcome? By
what means is this prdblem that has made
brainy men gray-headed to be solved? ',
The bay of San Francisco is the trickiest
In the, world: there are currents and un
dercurrents. - - . f, -..-/' , .
An accident occurs, a ship founders, and
not only do those unfortunates so sudden
ly deprived of life disappear in the wa
tery depths. -but their bodies are often lost
for all time and "the ship itself is phan-
tomized. "• The bodies go out to the ocean,
sucked there by, the currents, the tons of
steel, and Iron are v moyed and' shifted to
God kntws '.where. ; .'.'.*,'¦"'- i •
The land fog3 of winter cover .the bay
with'., a blanket through which the , boa t
lights are powerless to pierce.; ;¦ V-
A captain's life on.board the ferryboats
is not all bread and marmalade. .He has
so many hundred souls under his individ
ual protection— men, women and babies.
His responsibility is . enormous and his
marketed at a handsome profit. It must
have contained choco'ate creams and bon
bons, placed there by the lavish hand of
bountiful nature. ..
But valuable as' were "the crops, the
beasts of burden and the oth«»r adjuncts
of 'a well-kept Cuban plantation, they
were cheap compared with other things
for which' damages were claimed. 'For
example/ 'a* man who was arrested during
the insurrection because he could not give
a satisfactory \ account of himself ¦ to the
Spanish authorities ¦ calculates that the
wear and tear on his dignity and, peace
of mind could not be remedied or repaired
for less than J10O.0CO. v Of course the^Span
ish prisons where American suspects were
lodpeu pending an investigation of their
cases were not moaels of comfort and lux
ury, but many a respectable, citizen, can
be found who would sleep there" and s keep
company with a few Cuban rats and bats
for less than $3000 a night.
Many claims have been .filed for alleged
false imprisonment and one for less; than
575,000 is an exception. :
Here is. an itemized statement of a claim
filed by, an American citizen who.was;ar
rested because he 'was suspected of being
in'colluslon 1 with the insurgents .outside
of Havana^ a short time before the United
States and Spain went to war: For im
prisonment .and refusal to hold communi
cation with the American Consul General,
$ou,000; for.' mental and physical suffering
and indignities.. $25,000; ,' for ¦ permanent
mental and; physical injuries,. $15,000; for
defamation of \ character, $9000; for •. extra
expense on account, of imprisonment to
obtain release, or cash expended, $1000. To
:'tal.< $100,000. ¦.¦¦-'•-¦ "•/¦¦.. v.. ;- . ' , ;
¦-. 'A man with a name decidedly- Spanish,
I averring that he was > naturalized in : the"
city .of New York, who asks : for $25,000
.damages for the alleged -ruination " of
what must have . been a veritable Garden
of Ederi'in the province of Matahzas, puts
. down : his mules at $150 each • and , every
ahorse on the plantation at ; the same fig-,
ure.—6t. Louis Republic., V ./ '•'¦;.;•; '^
heart only beats evenly" when he feels his
boat gliding into the pier. \ ' .'
-Of course' every captain, ' be; he on an
ocean liherVor a smaller, boat, has his.re
sponsibilities'from the hour he. takes un
der his wing; hid freight of human souls
until he ,has delivered -i.them safe and
sound at their port of. destination. ' .
On th&bay/ tiowever^ther^is 1 the .con
tinual strain of "the ; coming- and' going.,
the crossing Tand. recrossing r that contin- .
ual effort, to see through the wall of fog. T:
The "question- of lights that may ; help
to protect the passengers and aid the)cap
tain is therefore one of no small "moment.
With;the : theories of 'the East apd.:the ; '
Old World to figure with Mr. Whorf com
menced to further ideas of his own, with
the result that experiments on a largo
scale will shortly take place.
For years, in all the great railroads of
the world, three lights have, up to quite
recently, been used, the white, the red
and the green, but now" the white 'has
been dropped altogether- and the; red is]
the' danger signal and the" green means
"all's well."
, Not long ago green lights were placed
at the end of |the Mission and Washing- ,
ton street wharves and the [captains of
the. incoming 'boats have declared them
very satisfactory, showing up well in the
fog, and greatly aiding them In reaching
their berths. .. ', - i:'. ; ! *.
Mr." Whorf therefore devoted his atten
tion entirely to the green light. He^knew
it • had the greater penetration. "'•; Lantern
experiments/and, trials made in. Europe
and the assertions of .the captains on the
bay of San' Francisco had proved that to
him, and he figured that if a power suffi
ciently strong -could be placed at a high
enough • point "the 'penetration ?would-. be
sufficiently great to pierce the densest fog:;.
Harbor Commissioner Kilburn inter
ested himself very, much' in' this- matter,
and; after several conversations 1 with. Mr.
Whorf he instructed hrm to go ahead and
make good' his ideas.
':-, In .the case of a. land fog the ."modus
..operandi" ; is; materially,' facilitated. The
height • of the .' light would depend on the
fog, the projector being I so jj placed \ as j to,
throw ; a- blaze of enormous • strength* and
magnitude some feet above the fog. Th-s
man 'at .the wheel on - : catching sight '¦¦ of
the rays through' the fog can be 'sure. of
his bearings and be guided. to his landing
place. ;...-: ."-'••' ';."¦¦;.-/ ¦.'- -'-'.v '.'•.¦ /¦-.'¦'/;.,
In the event of a fog. of great altitude
the, concentration is made: more, intense
; by;. the ; aid of lenses arid piercing the fog
at mizzen height; in order not to be in the
eyes, of -the; helmsman, ; and performsits
functions 'as : a guiding star , in the same
An Invention Tha| I^rppses to Put an
of the boat itself, but for the boat comine
to meet it. ¦'¦.' ';"¦ \ .
All boats would have these lights each
for the ruldance °* the other.
In ""these very ¦' dense - fogs sounds are
often deceptive. The" foghorn sounds often
farther aVay than it really Is and the ex
act direction is'a matter.'of guesswork.
With the steady light showing the exact
whereabouts of, each boat, her exact
course, there could be no excuse for a
mistake. .':- ' ' . v
above the pilot box In order that the *lar.
may in no way interfere with the man at
the wheel, and in the dense.tl.foi :h» ex
pects to be able to pierce the tot with his
40,000,000 candle-power of green u«« ¦«
completely that the boats may «uide their
course without fear or anxiety. • ; , ;¦
The captains on the ferry-boats all «eem
to' be in accord in regard to the «reen
light being the beat, although some or
them are more earnest in their declara
tions than others, but there is » m»t« on
THE SUN DA Y^ GAIAj;
10
THE MARCONI
OF GREEN
TELEGRAPHYWord comes from Honolulu about th«
James . Neill Company. • A native feast
called, a luau was given after the first
.night's performance In honor of a niece of
Edythe Chapman. No plates, knives or
forks were allowed and ferns were used
for napkins. It is said that Julia Deane
adapted ¦! herself -to the stylo of eatlns In ¦
-. r bewitching a 'manner that Mr.,Neill
• threatened to forbid lier U3ing any fork .
but'herfinsers in the future.
•Grace' Van Studdiford, who came to us
last season as a vaudcvilllan, is singing
aiaid Marian "with the Eostonlans. .
Walter E.' Perkins has been to see Mary
E. Wilkins "at her New England home..
He expects to play in the dramatization
of her. story, "Jerome, Poor Man," and
the author and the star are confabing.
Annie .Russell has: produced her new .
play by Clyde Fitch. "The Girl and the
Judge." Her role is said to be charming
ly suited to her, although the play has no
logic. Mrs. Gilbert, who has been very
ill. has recovered sufficiently to play and
wa3 : received so enthusiastically the first
night that she* forgot her Iine3 f rom sheer
excitement:
Mrs. Humphry Ward's novel, "Elea
. nor,'.* will probably be produced with Mrs.
Patrick Campbell In the title role.
Another play by the author of "Zaza"
is to be produced under Frohman's direc
tion. It is called "Yvette."
- "Monsieur. Beaucaire", has lately been
given its first New Yorlj production, hav
ing been tried on the dog otherwhere. The
play is 'different from the novel in tts
ending— Beaucaire is made to remain with
Mary.and win her Instead of turning her
down at; the critical moment. Thus tho
most artistic point in the book Is lost and .
the play, becomes stereotyped and much,
like all the popular historical novel plays.
It i3 dolns well financially. :
Lorena Atwccd has been engaged ¦- as
leading woman by Howard Hall, who Is .'"'
¦ keeping up ¦ his caged lion specialty in
."The. Man Who pared." .
Anna Held has broken the Casino's rec
ord for receipts, having played to $2303 on
an ordinary Saturday night.
. It seems that Maurice Thompson and
Virginia Harned were great friends and It
was the author's wi3h.that the'star should
take • the part , of . '/Alice o.f Old Vin
cennes." He made the request before, ha
died. BIMBffftWiW ¦
Frank' James, the once dreaded . outlaw
and now a demure citizen of St. Louis, Is
-to soon the stage.. He. has been living a
quiet life for the past nineteen years since •
r .3 acquittal. For some time past he 'has *
- been" doorkeeper in a St. : Louis
' and he has had plenty [ of chances to be-
part of the- show. -He has turned
down * many offers, but there 13 ¦ money ; x
enough in the latestohe to induce him to
'accept." "Across the Desert" is* the narna ;
offthc melodrama in whiclj he will maks
his debut. He Iay3 much stress on the '
fact 'that it will notencoursge lawbreak
. The highest waterfall > in , the world,
geography tells usi la the Cerosola Cas- V
'cade,*' In the i Alps', having aT fall of : 2400
fe'et; t that of Arvey. in Sajoy, Is 1100 feet.
:arid .the falls of Yoseniife~i..V alley" rango .
< from 700 ; to; 1000 ; feet. But higher yet Is
'the waterfall in the San" Cuayatan Can-*
,yon. in the State of Durango, Msxico. It
•was discovered by some prospectors ten. : ,
years ; ago ' in the . great '¦ barranca district; I >
which is called the, Tlerras-Desconocldas.!
.While searching for, the famous lost mlno, .
Naranjal, a great " roar; of -water * ; w«u§ .
heard. " Wilh .great difficulty 'the p-irty ¦ ,
pushed" on and up and down the" mighty •
chasni : until thev beheld the superb fall,
which is at-least 3000 feet high.— Land of
, Sunshine.
HISTORY OF THE SYMPHONY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
WHEN an old-timer in the local
musical world; sits down to. tell
you about San Francisco's sym
phonic history, he wiir take
you half way. back to the days
of gold. ' ¦ . ¦ • ¦¦¦¦'.¦ '. ; '¦'.. ; ;
•A' quarter o(a century ago or there
abouts, thiji was "supposed to-be aj rather
raw city; and' yet. symphony, concerts' ex-1
Isted and were- patronized. We needn't,
feel ourselves so tremendously up-to-date
at this beginning of the centurj ; ; Just be
cause we' are. being. entranced' by. a stase
full of orchestral" harmony; our parents,
enjoyed something very ¦ much like it. -
Kerrold was the early day leader. Some
thing like _ a quarter * of a century ago',
when San Francisco was 'considered 'the
parvenu of cities/ old ", Herrold, father of
the present He'rrold,- led his celli ', and ; his
violins and all the rest of them along,the
drudging road that winds toward artistic
success. He: was a good leader, the ol;l-,
timers say, and he didn't put up. \yith any
nonsense. : .; ' • ';-¦¦>¦
-Right' there comes " In that wonderful
difference leaders. '. In Uhe <laily
work of rehearsal the- personality :oV the
nian^cbynts. His- musical ability is far
from being all-^there; are" those who will
tell ycu that* it is the least : part. '•- Ho
ne'^s all ' the qualities that-'ah; arrhy.'a
general needs and a few- more ; thrown in.
* Herrold got; a great deal out of his ra:i'-'
slclans, , and • so did Rosewald, : who i fol*
lowed him. Rosewald was a violinist
himself, and he wasj enthusiastic.' He ; held
his concerts, in Irving Hali; which old
residents will . remember, '„ on Post . street.
It "does 'not ' exist now", a nd , the"hard \ work
that he dedicated .. to -his I aft I is largely*
forgotten. ; Yet -, : Rosewald : did ; accbrnpllsh'
much, : for,; he " started;a- great ideal * of In
terest is" rolling ; along like* a growV
ins -snow' ball." . .; .-~;
" Bauer; .twice leaders at the Tlvoll, - gave /
his concerts at . that ; house. '¦ He -had,' a i
good deal of^ zest in ,his discipline, ..butiit - v
wasn't . a ¦' patch -on . that . of , the. famous >'
Fritz! Scheel- who came; to the. Midwinter/.
Fair . and ''stayed to , lead a symphony; or
chestra. .His concerts were : the most sen- •
sational ,that;eveV" took, place' here,; and-"
everybody .-who ... knew : San ; Francisco \ in -1
the^ year.-o'f . oiirj Lord ¦ one-thousahd-eight
hundred-and-nlnety-f our* remembers : them^ '
as.ajbig part"; of; its. history. . >.;.'. ".l\)'*$*\
'¦¦ Fritz," : so ' those who • played ; under him .
said, had the dickens , of >a temper. ; ¦ Ufl',
cussed ¦'. like 'a l major. /.There has - never.-"'
beeii^a , leader who led ;nien ;. by, the , nieta
phorical,: hair of their heads , as Fritz .
Scheel ; did.' lilt ¦. now ' and .then : came very,:
near .'being- a rough-and-tumble) fight. But t
he knew- music fand «he .Knew -men; ., He" :
might " have " bettered ; the - method : but -f he
could •never'Jiaye bettered' the? reeults.l He/
ijad'held«thejposition|of Tconcerttnielster *
for • something; . -twenty : years .( under^
Hnns< von' Bulow*. and was .5 his J
gospel to him. ; He: made- men 'play >;and j.
he made" theni play; welir-and r his 'methods-,
of 1." discipline "were* . so".; strenuous "; that :
every ; v nian '^'ho, ever '^^played' under^ him .
fe'members . them": with 'i the^ feeling'.df ,a
mental^bruise.' '•''.«¦.¦'.¦ '. ; ¦ -^
.'- Hlnrlchs ' came ' next, \, about' four •* years V'
ago: then',' there' was ' one ..concert .which i
Hirschfeld . cave^'on '• his jo^n ;hoQk.^Thc^
others ' had ¦ be eh' r subscribed '.to, ; '¦ \ but :-
Hirechf eld was"- independent 'and '.tried hla *
own"win'gs.' ; ; They did . noV fly ; far. " '.':. .'. ¦ „' f- ;
Then; came't Holmes.;-, Where 'Scheel had ;
ruled by: blankety-blanketing .^Holmes at^ -
tempted ':. to do "¦ " the v v same* ¦ by •""¦"If •; you :•
please."^ It (did ; not ¦ work.' ;-¦ Musicians • are '
children.' \They/grew' lax in 'response; to
his methods. . NbJ man .ever/ had -. a heart *
fuller,! of -.music 'than the pld.-Engllshmanl";
but; his ¦ method : was t too gentle. .It lacked r .
the 'military, sharpness which, is 'needed.. -
v.ThisbriTigV us down^tb'Steindorff. _
' jdne"of his 1 musicians says:' "Steindorff
commands 'respect "without* losing histem
per.'¦'.;./',.;'>.¦ ,.¦-.'¦'¦. j.; V : •"•"
¦ '-Watch ) the >big .lionlike • man ;. at / his ' -re
hearsal .andVyoii wiil know what; this
means. i\ He /comes. -In with his .head ;Up,
h(s rchlrT-* in ". thejalr.,-; He "doesn't stop ; to
talk^.';IIe.gqes 'straight about'' business. , ,
;'.-; Everybody else, does . likewise. ;The "¦ mu
siciaaC^ do notvwait'.to.'beJtold^that it is
tin* ? »^» ¦; begin :'.'., They '.{start •; hustling , and
rustling oh"; the instant • that he appears
andVthey' : keep;'itiup; .- ; |His'»batofl'rswinss
cut His ' 'commands "accompany
iri ; quick,*, ringing , tones. ..There Is ' an at
irosphefe of of interest; of bual
nees peryadlng^the rehearsal.?. \. ',
» "/That i is why, he : ought to succeed.'' the
musicians : . say.' ; "He -j : makes , " U3 ; stand
around.'fibut "he /doesn't; raise; a .rough
it took two Interpreters to ask him if
he liked to play the role feminine. —
' "Nein!" he responded, with a trcmerid
ous shake. But he didn't look aiMf .he"
nieant it" The! Herr lifted the hem of h's
gown to see if he had on the right shoe*,
and Otto made a tremendous m.:ck flut
tering and pulling'down of the tskirt. :'¦
He is the jolly one of ]the trcuye. -JHe
has an' uncanny face, wilh. big, 'merry
black eyes. ¦ He. Is the only - one that' has
an unpleasantly large head,; but 1 e has
brains enough in it to-make up for^the
lack, of beauty."- "These, midgets, aie; none
of them' children In intellect.
-Adoll Is? the oldest. He is " : the fat: one,
as his manager calls him; but he is" not.
too fat to be the strong, man ;of the 'lot.
He has; a'qufcer. litn-v fi! .us face: the'
corners of -his r-f "th • cir— vp ¦ hke-thove- of
the moon's, ruiny'exprLSo. on., and.his.fore
head, is t wrinkleci from s'de to sde. ¦ ¦ •',
The other Otto t the mite of them, the 19-'
year-old ., one ..who thrashes ; the big drum
in''the: Salvation Army : ' "performance,*- is
Adolf's ': brother. ; Their' father, : Herr •
Schemmel, .. was a huge man 'and his
was a fuli-s!zed'woman.. /They... are. both
dead .now and Adolf ,jand Otto jlook',upon
their, prof ession as [ their only tie . in life,
and they are as ambitious about it as any;
other "performers.; _They don't ihtend'that
their "singirig;and lifting, ,aud /'wrestling;
shall be' r wonderful .for midgets, ¦ but .won-]
derful anyr way.' . A" ; ,woman 'of . ordinary •
strength:- cannot '.lift • one . the ..weights:
which Adolf; handles:^^^^^^^
- It-is a Iqinely-scrt W-llfe thatlthese lit-i
tie people • lead, ' mostly j^ apart '¦. from, other,
men. They seek e*ach'qther's. company' in.
preference td'that of big people.,^ And yet
they are never, churlish when' approached.^
They!^ are ¦• happy-' and; healthy ,'..- thouglr
without the': bo'n'; vivant ; tendencies .which'
carried-" off the \ famous gourmet and high
liver. Major .(Mite./.. His .- miniature . jaks .
were . the : death} of him. s These '- little Ger- .
mans "'¦ are sober,; steady ; workers, < with; a
keen , eye ' out to : the nialn • chance. ;¦ - 1 < ,' ¦¦ '
.- It ¦' is -'now\ forty; years'- since" Modjeska^
made; her. debut in- Poland.'' " • . : "'•" ¦¦.._-.
-Blanche. Walsh hasydecided'- to '•try: an
other.-hew. play.: >. "The! Hunt; for Happi- ¦
ness". Is the.name of It.' Itls'a problem^
play, with a, blistering heroine. "; The first
thr'eeTacts take place [ In America," thie last
at Monte Carlo. . , . , ..'¦'. ¦'. j -¦ -,-.-* ,.' ,
: Hall Caine Is dramatizing. his own novel,
"The Eternal City:".'. It will be put on by
Llebler~ with, the" kind of big scenery that
they, make: a specialty of. -^ . .
jThe '.Cohans, who are -known here as
vaudeville skitters, 'v. have . branched out
and are-heading a company -in a musical,
farce. '"All of the' musical numbers are by
Geofge|c6hani who used to .write the fam-
fly''skltsV ¦ ; : ; .''.¦ ¦'"¦¦' .'"-. • ", . r ' '".
-;': '.'Madame . Butterfly" , is revived In \ the
East, 1 with"' Pilar * Morin in . the' .title.: role.
She once before took > a' Japanese part in
a'" pantomime by .Vance 1 Thompson.
long tramps. They are athletic and, they
delight in out-of-door exercise. They don't
get as much as they want here, for Rit
ter says it attracts too much attention
to take them out except In a carriage. "
In front, of their Eerlin hume -lies a
miniature garden plat, where they work,
weeding and " planting. The roses grow
little just for them; and the big pans'.es
turn into johnny-jump-ups.
They enjoy their traveling except for
the fact that this world wasn't built to
fit them. Its furnishing3 are too. large.
This makes . them uncomfortable. Down
in . their . clean whitewashed • dresf-ing
room they were taking turns standing on
a chair to look into the glass while' Frau
Ritter helped them. She travels along
with her husband to' look after their
wants. There are a great . many incon
veniences about being a midyet— you have
to have somebody ;to hand.thlngs to you
and to turn on' lights. -
Dressing Is a laborious process, for ths
Lilliputians are lightning. change artists,
and there art; .various costumes . to "be
stowed away under ; the one that . appears
first. There must'be the. purple wrestling
tights, 'and then the acrobatic tinsel, "and
the Salvation Army garb goes over all. %
Otto, the comedian, strolled out into the
hall clad' In his curly-wig and bonnet.
He shook his tambourine in his manager's
face and dodged like a cat when the Herr
,made for him.
T4E four Lilliputians at the Orpheam
are groirg through the same oid
diSrcuIticp. They are thrust Into
a dressinc-rooin *.vhere the mirror
har.gs cbsunJ'-y high, the table. Is
where the picture melding ought to be.
and the hooks are feet beyond the reach
of any genuine midget.
Besides this, there are troubles at the
hotel. The furniture Is made for a race
o' giants as big as the. one that Jack
killed. No midget can sit comfortably at
the dining table, and as for the dishes,
they are proportioned as If for gour
mands. There !s no sense in it.
The Lilliputians will be glad when they
get back to their Berlin home. There they
are comfortable. There they will find
awaiting them chairs that they can . sit
in and still touch ihe fioor, mirrors that
they can dress before without climbing to
do so, dishes that lit their baby appetites.
In Berlin is their miniature mansion.
Herr Kilter has built it for them. He
is the big German who takes them around
the world, from sea to sea. He it was
who managed their tour all over Europe,
and finally grew so progressive that he'
took them to Buenos Ayres. From there
they made the two months' voyage to
New York, and they, will tell , you in
voluble, vivid German that they haven't
got their sea legs off yet, for they suf
fered from a. seasickness that was not
midget-like in :t<5 proportions.
They are as German as kraut, every
one of them, and they don't bother to^,
learn the ' languages that they pass
through on their travels. Their home is
in Berlin. There Herr Ritter, who has
accumulated a neat sum by touring, has
a prosperous hero.'? with c prosperous gar
den attached, and In this garden is. the
house of the Lii:?pu*.ians.
Four tir.y beds are in it. built .to^ fit
them. There' Is a iivins-roeni with eaj-y
chairs and a. table and couches. Hsre they
wi'.I spend the evenings of their vacation,
studying the -stamp's'. 'that they have col-.
Jectcd in their travels. Stamp-collecting
is their fad. and they have an album al
most too big for then to handle. They
are experts as collectors.
They are great r*a:ler.«. too. They like
books and they like newspapers.. They
keep\well posted on German politics.
They 'are as up-to-date as four young
men between IS and 26 usually are. ; They
have low lamps to read by In their Berlin
livlngr-roaxn, and bookshelves within
reach.
Out ion the smooth paths of their garden
they ride their little bicycles and take
THS POUR- UrUUgUTTANS
4nd how , THsy :§i!H
11
THE SUNDAY CALL.
HERE'S
A BRIGHT
BUNCH
OF
MIDGETS, A j girl ' 4 . with' modern,' /'advanced'', Ideas;
: Is .the. heroine' of x."A" Sunny 'Southerner,'*;
by; Julian Magruder.t? Born ,' r - In i art family
.which • hoida'f ast to* the j tradition of ante-, ,
V helium"; days^ In ; thel: South-^that ;\the ; de
n scendants of the '.: cay alters are 'o(a dlff er- v 
• ent ¦] mold ' from Kthe ;-rest i o"f .iAmerlcans- 1 
r. this f girl, 'i Honora^ Chllterh,* believes I that '}
'{¦[ one; manj is ? entitled \ to : as "much *: consid-":
1 eration^ socially Tas If any,, other i, if * by ,\ his }
he deserves it. • ; Miss Chlltern j has 1
' the opportunity^ put her ideas into prac-':
S tice. ¦ Her father. rebuilds the! old homei of «
his f ancestors,;; One; of: the ;workn5entem^<
'/ployed, 1 :, upon Itho ; new ;Honora ;
to* be; a fine,; noble '¦; fellow, and ;
% with*' him i shel proceeds Vto fall t In love. .
iWhen ' Mr. ', Chiltern }¦ finds »¦ ; out V that ", : his «
'i daughter, has had|the;rashness to form, an <,.
:. acquaintance; with J this • nian' he f t
'/.the latter! .from"' his "employ.'lAlittle 1 later.
i: Honora Tgoe's '; to Newi York on (a visit ; to a
'r'cousin.-^.While \ there : '\ she > meets again'; the {
. quandoni' laborer, 1 , who turns out to be the
•'; ¦¦/ :.?' ¦> IV ' •'''" " :¦¦¦: : " •.¦¦--¦•'. ¦;. : "\ ' '•' ; "/". '
A Sunny Southerner.
George W. Jacobs & Co." issue a^ little
volume entitled 'i ' '365 ¦ Breakfast' Dishes. ''¦,
The ; recipes given in it are taken from the
works, of I Mrs.', Lincoln": and of other well
known'- authorities | on- cooking.', : . The* book
must prove' a useful aid in suggesting new
dishes to housekeepers." (Price ,40 /cents.)
Preakf ast ' Dishes.
LOVE'S ITINER ART— By J. C. Snalth. D.
Appleton & Co.. New Tork. %\.
.•. . Books Eeceived.
¦. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
«
HASTY PUDDINO POEMS —Compiled and
edited by Rodney Blake. New-Amsterdam
Book Comsany. New Tork. 75c.
BT ROCK AND POOI*—By. Loula Becke.
New Amsterdam Book Comoany, New York.
$1 50. ;
THE STARS—By Eugrene Field. New Ams
terdam Book Company, New Tork. $1 25.
lost 'half-brother, ;\ who would have
been Mrs. Mordaunt's heir if he had lived;
The , story : turns . about ; the? struggle; of
this 1 man to I keep • the "property; after - his
motherls death, in; spite of the real claim
which his cousin . presents. ; : Each i of the
rivals • presents such > a strong : plea 'i for.
sympathy in the, presentation of his case,
that the virtual! compromise < which'\des
tiny brings about Is the only satisfactory,
solution ¦ to the difficulty. (Published by
• D.? Appleton & Co.', New York. .Price;
?i,50.).;-; ; ¦i;; : . : -';; ;;,.¦¦; ;, :
Almost, all; of the tales • are sad. The^
two exceptions ' are "John", and "Annette j
de Viroflay," both of which are stories of
I the good I which follows the wisely; direct
' ed efforts of noble women. ,;" John?; Is a
Dutch girl, who •; might , well V bo the best
sort of a modern American girl. ,• When
her family are on s the brink J of j financial :
ruin, , John^ takes r the management of \ af
0 fairs out of ; the inefficient ; hands of ? her
• brothers and saves -their \ fortune, ' while
. insuring her own happiness. :;
"Annette 1 de Viroflay" ?i3 a, charming
: young ,. French "¦ matron, who . -. employs a .
clever ruse to i keep for; her, husband ; the
fortune which r he is not' able ¦ to save j for
'himself. ,-;¦ .'' -.' '•'.;" , ----'-¦•'.'^i'¦'¦'.,- :
: ,The other heroines of these stories. are'
¦ for the most part women of ; wealth ~ and :
position, ; whose ¦ adventures; while \ Inter- ;
esting • in description; ' are not of . the kind I
which : make f or ; ; the ¦ quiet '¦. happiness , of
themselves and others.* .¦ ... ..',.:
.. Mr. Maartens - has > written ¦ a ; charming ¦*
dedication of the book: f v.v-:i-vWMm
; ;. .'••¦ -'- •- •-. ¦:.-¦, to; v ; '- - ¦ ,;¦•'¦' '¦ ' ¦"¦
the 'women without' a history;
. THESE HISTORIES OF, WOMEN.':' 1 '?'£
(Published by D. ! Appleton'&'Co.rrNew-:
York. Price $160.) :-,;-; ; ¦- ;>,;'; i-
The Princess Cynthia.
.' "The Princess ;Cynthia," 'by! Marguerite
• Bryant,' is an : absurd' story ' of .'adven-V
tures ; r which :'i befell • certain .-'.handsome
1 youths " and '¦' maidens ' at :. the > court 'of I the ;¦>
¦ beautiful sister; of 'asking 'of, somo ; place fi
; whose real locality, the authoress does not
? disclose;! -The ; story ? is . apparentlyjmeant ;.;
¦ to bei a brilliantly .written; record^ "of events ji
¦'. in the lives of fascinating lords -and ladies j
¦ of high degree. As a matter of.fact'it is .
"Little Mary'.' is . a , pathetic story, of a
humble | little woman, whose unselfish de
votion to her mother and sister bring her
In return unklndness and sorrow.
her duties'as wife and mother, she pauses
an ¦¦ instant in uncertainty, : and then
lives her life as before.
Under the title, ','Soine Women I . Have
Known," Maarten Maartens, : the-; Dutch
novelist, has written a dozen short stories
of women ; whose ¦ lives : have • contained ¦ at
least one {dramatic I episode. The stories
are all Interesting, and " are ; written with
the finished power one has learned to look
for, in MaartensV work. , The characters"
are drawn with, the assured touch. of 'the
artist, ' and ; the - dialogue is ,-> bright -J and
sparkling. : The stories * are i dramatic • in
the extreme. *. The" only; fault ; to : be found
is that In some-of,these~ c histories* of wo
men' Maartens shows the" influence ; of the
French : school . of ' fiction not only - In ' the
Some Women I Have Known.
Flore, the heroine, is an unusually beau
tiful Italian girl whose family, once noble.
Is ' now of the peasant class. Flore, \ In
spite of disadvantages of training, pos
sesses the dignity and grace as well as
the beauty which In former times char
acterized the women of her house. At
the time the story opens Fiore is engaged
to be married to an Englishman who has.
been staying In her native village. This
man Is supposed by Fiore and her fam
ily to have neither wealth nor position.
In reality he is a nobleman, though" not
wealthy. Lord Castleton, for such is his
name, is about to depart for England for
a short visit there, when he meets an old
college friend, Horace Bowdoin, an Amer
ican. Bo wdoln Is traveling through Italy,
hoping to forget a girl to - whom he has
been engaged, but with whom : he has
quarreled. .When Bowdoin speaks - of re
maining In Italy for a' while, Lord Cas
tleton asks him to ) stay near Flore to
counteract the influence of her friends,
who wish her to marry a rich } farmer. of
the place. Upon the departure, of Castle
ton ' a number of complications arise.
Bowdoin j half falls in love with • Fiore,
who is a good deal of a coquette, after all.
Moreover, lie arouses the Jealousy of : the
farmer, who one day nearly, succeeds in
•killing Bowdoin. While • Bowdoin Is . re
covering from his wound, Castleton re
turns, but Fiore will have none ' of him,
.and'so be goes away for. good. Bowdoin
is tenderly nursed by Fiore. / Moved by
gratitude for her kindness and by her un
doubted charms/ Bowdoin asks Fiore to'
marry him. She consents. . ; When - < the
wedding: day arrives, and Fiore and Bow
. dcin are in the "church about 'to, be mar
ried, .there "appears upon the V scene . a
. graceless scamp, whom ; Fiore^ has J loved
all along. -This man carries Fiore ; off'
from Bowdoin and takes hereto a life of -
poverty, ? in .which, : however, " she > finds
"happiness. Bowdoin finally returns to his
first love, and the book closes upon a set
tlement of all difficulties.'' (Published ? by
the Lothrop Company, ; Boston. Price,
51 50-" ¦ ' ¦ . - ' '"¦>.' . ¦-¦.,' , ¦ : -
A Princess of the Hills.
"A Princess of the Hills," by Mrs. Bur
ton Harrison, Is a story written in the
well-known style of that writer. . In this
Instance it is Italy which furnishes hero
ine and scene for a novel.
The woman whose personality makes
her ths. strongest; factor In the develop
ment of the story is Portia Matthews, the
wife of a . general in the volunteer army
and the daughter of Senator West, a poli
tician from the Middle West. Mrs. Mat
thews is described ' as being at once j the
most beautiful and ' the ¦ most; Influential
woman in Washington society. Possess-
• ..among members of official life in
Washington at the time when Lincoln's
first term of office was drawing to a close.
That part of the story, which contains; the
chief interest deals with. the efforts made
by a beautiful woman, of society; to win
for her father the , nomination for ; tho
Presidency. The catastrophe in which the
story ends is the failure to accomplish
this, and the sorrow occasioned to the
woman and her father^ by the means
which the former . has' employed ; to gain
her end. The story is sad, as must be any
history, of ungratified' ambition, but , its
gloom is lightened by the introduction of
a pretty romance, which reaches its ful
fillment as happily as if It had been en
acted in a stateiof society where all'am
bitions are gratified. ' ' .
PAULINE; 13KADFORD MACKIE
has laid the . scene of her latest
novel, "The Washingtonians,"
ing unlimited wealth In addition to a very
charming presence, ' Mrs. .Matthews has
made the arbiter of fashion. ' But
there is one step further .which she wishes
to take. .The position of first lady. In the
land appeals to her; ambition. However,,
she is not' ambitious for; herself .'alone.
Between j her father a nd herself there ex
ists a strong bond of affectionate admira
tion; - Mrs." : Matthews believes ; that Sen
ator West is the man best fitted to
sent that group \ of (Northern \ politicians
opposed i to • the policy,- of Lincoln; -Dlssat- '
isf action with ',the ; . methods' used, by .the
President in carrying on 'the war; is; exf
pressed by many, t Senator West, as \ a
member, of Lincoln's , Cabinet, has | shown
himself fitted to cope at a time of crisis
with j questions / of, great moment. ,; Why,
then/thinks Mrs., Matthews, is he not;the
man .to ; settle jj all the difficult ! political
problems created by the war?. Unfortu
nately., for the cause of * Senator 'West,
though '-¦ he- is a* man of % acknowledged
ability, he Is not popular with the | people*.'
His manner,. reserved to the point of cold
ness, repels those who do not' know him
intimately. ..''. '" '.'•; '": /: ;\ : ;.;-j .'.' ...''; '- • \
. Mrs." Matthews throws hersejf heart and
soul into the struggle for the nomination
of Senator -West. : She gains nothing, by.
her efforts, however,* but \, rather loses
In strong .contrast to x the /character of
Mrs. f Matthews is ;that : of a* charming
Southern girl, a niece of Senator .West's
wife. This girl, Virginia, I has grown I up
in the home of Senator West and has de-r
veloped { into a 6weet,' guileless maiden. 1 ,
The- Senator's 'private secretary, ; David
Prentiss,; learns from long. years of asso
ciation with "Virginia to appreciate" in her
the : unaffected : simplicity; lacking in so
many, of i the'; women by, whom . he Is ,*sur
rbundedJ • He; falls: in 'love with Virginia
and in > time wins her.S The: story of. their
love comes ' as j a : pleasant relief among
scenes ;of I political' struggle" and: intrigue.
(Published -by L. C Page &, Co:, Boston.
Price;?! 50.) v - ', '•¦;¦:.¦: ;
•'¦ ¦.¦:'•• ..' ¦ ' - •¦' :--.." : t, - -. '.'
much. '.Without, her father's knowledge,
she . issues , a campaign document, which
in the end proves to be a hindrance rather
than a help to the cause of Senator West.
When the Senator; finds; out that it^ was
his daughter, who published this document
his anger against | her is so great that It
puts j an i end' to 'affectionate relations be
tween" them.* The ; novel closes with; the
news of, the nomination of Lincoln. When
this news arrives, Mrs. Matthews Is a dis
appointed ( woman,: .with nothing to con
sole her. except the affection of her hus
band, which, up to this time, she does not
appear to have valued very" highly.
the story of the book. A simple theme. It
is true, but one filled with the patho3
excited by the terrible earnestness of life
¦when it appears shorn of the graces and
conventions of a cultured society. .
To many alms-giving Kieans, at the
most, but a denial of luxuries; to these
people of the "Southeast" it meant labor
added to a life already full of toll, anA
at times a denial of all but the barest
necessities of life. Appreciating this fact
It can be readily seen that the carrying
out of an enterprise entailing a continu
ous outlay of money would become
freighted with great significance to a
group of very poor people. But by these
apostles of the Eastside sacrifices were
made with the cheerfulness characteristic
of those who follow an ideal with single
ness of purpose. So, while their history
at first sight excites pity, perhaps, after
ell, people of their way of thinking get
out of life a happiness whose reality
dudes the understanding of others who
are quite content to have their expendi
ture of time and money bring them a
merely material reward.
The vitality of the religion of these mis
sionaries was shown In the reformation
it effected In the life of Jemmy's father.
Pug Maskery, who. from being one of the
worst characters In a neighborhood re
nowned for Its depravity, became a quiet,
law-abiding citizen. The following prayer
of Pug's is a sample of the oratory of
60 me of these religious enthusiasts:
"Ho Lord, '00 Is like hunto thee hln thy
f Oly Temple. 'Ow marvelous . are thy
•works, ana thy goodness tords thy peo
ple. Thou *ast permitted thy children to
eet hup a Banchwary w'ere the light of
thy wusshup shall be kep a-burnln'. May
the door of It never be opened fur wus
shup but wot thy child'en shall git a per
sonal 'old of thee; may thy glory alwus be
revealed unto 'em In 'ere so as they sh'n't
faint by the way, a-knowlng wot you've
got In etore for them 'at loves thee. * • ¦¦
"An' when the bread is broke an' the
wine poured ant, may those '00 eat an*
drink know fur a certainty that you your
selfs ben a-breakln' an' a-pourin' for 'em.
May tbey see thee by the heye an' feel
thee by the 'an of faith so astlnckly 'at
their faith shall become certlng knowl
edge. May these yer doors -never be
hopened for the prcachln' hof the blessed'
Gorspel of Jesus wlvout souls beln'born
again; In the years to come may thou
nan's look back to this 'ere cow-shed as
was, an* say this is none hothcr than the
gate of 'eavMi. An' Lord, don't let anv-
FRANK T. BULLEN, the well-known
writer of eea^stories, has chosen to
lay almost all the scenes of his last
book on dry land. "The . Apostles
of the Southeast." as this tale is
called, Is a work of decided merit. It is
a history of missionary work carried on
in the slums of London by a little band
of uneducated men and women. These
people are as poor and lowly as those
they try to teach; but they are filled with
the splendid enthusiasm of their cause,
which in other times and places produced
martyrs and the great saints of history.
The leading spirit of this little com
pany is a chimney sweep, poorer even
than many of his class; for he is not only
not clever at. his trade, but all the en
thusiasm and most' of the energy of
¦which he is possessed are spent In fur
thering the Interests of his missionary
¦work. Jemmy Maskery, this sweep, has
gathered about 4iim a few kindred souls,
who, like himself, are filled with a desire
to carry to others the message which
has made such a vast difference In their
own lives. These people are conriected
¦with no church. Their aim is to reach the
large mass of the poor which is beyond
the influence of the majority of churches. ¦
Their public services are open-air meet
ings, to which gather the moral dregs of
a great city.
Maskery and his friends wish to rent a
hall in which to hold service when It Is
too cold to be out under the open eky.
The efforts which they make to accom
plish their purpose, and the success of
the mission which they establish, form
The book has been cleverly Illustrated
by Wallace Morgan. (Published by the
Henry Altemus ' Company, ' New York.
Price 5L) .
Who lived upon fritters and fruit:
He curled with great care .
His long golden' hair,
'And he wore a Lord Fauntleroy suit.
N was a nautical Newt,
Who couldn't count further than ten; -
. So when she got through ;
With the numbers she knew
She just began over again.
H was a humorous Hen,
Twenty-six • of the animals inhabiting
the realm of fairy tale say each a stanza
of the alphabet drill, of which the follow
ing will serve as an example:
A was an affable Ape. -
Who lived on an old fire escape.
He served afternoon ¦ tea | '
At a Quarter past three.
And offered each caller a grape.
. . • • - ¦ •
E was an elecant Eel,
Who purchased an automobile, .
But whenever he tried
To go for a ride
He got all tangled up In the wheel.
Since rwe first heard of them, Aladdin
and others, according to Miss Wells, have
taken to the composition of the delightful
jingles which are sprinkled through" 1 the
book. Here Is one of the effusions of
Simple Simon:
To-day I invented a diet.
And asked all my neighbors to try it;
But they said, "If you 'Wish
To eat pins ¦with your fish, '
. Just eat all you want, and keep quiet.".
The April Fool Is responsible for this:
A GREAT EVENT.
Once on a time, I know not when.
Some place, I know not where. !
Something- occurred, but what it was
I neither know nor care! •
A little girl, Florindai, or Folly, as she
Is familiarly called, is resting after, the
festivities of Christmas, when • she . sees
enter- the room two children, who declare
themselves to be the Babes in the Wood.
They take Folly, with them to Fairyland,
where she meets certain heroes and hero-
Jaes of the class of fiction which is fa
miliar to every child* whose education in
fairy lore has not been neglected.
Among the mass of children's books is
sued this season one which attracts at
tention by Its brightness and fun Is "Folly
In Fairyland," by Carolyn Wells. Those
who are fortunate enough to be acquaint
ed with Miss Wells' work know that she
could not write anything 'dull if she tried.
Her latest -book is, like the others, bub
bling over with wit and merriment. It is
a fairy story which she has told this time.
Tolly in Fairyland.
A CLEVER STORY --- "THE WASHINGTONIANS."
Get -wise to how the Hoodlum Sonneteer
Has flim-flammed poor . old Petrarch's classlo
. . - Muso
Until the lady wobbles In her «hoea
And doea some steps extremely on tha queer—*
Perhaps she's orey-eyed from modern beer.
Instead of Jove's refined Olympian booze.
And bidding let-'er-rip and turn-'er-looae
Has gone clean loco in her running pear.
But yet ten thousand books have hit the plk«
And still the two-bit josh la selling, selling.
The rain can't stop the sales which, very like
An ulcerated tooth, ar 3 swelling, swelling.
Perhaps to take the money were a shams—
The "Hoodlum Sonnets" gets there Ju»t the
'¦. same. ¦
.- :¦ ' ' '
"The Love. Sonnets of a Hoodlum" Is
written by. Wallace Irwln, a recent grad
uate of Stanford University and now edi
tor of the "Overland Monthly." with an
introduction by Gelett Burgess of "The
Lark," and published by Elder & Shepard.
San Francisco. Repeated printings have
been called for, the very latest being the
Bandana edition, bound in genuine hand
kerchief. (Price 50 cents.)
An entirely new edition of "Chambers*
Cyclopedia of. English Literature," in
three handsome volumes. Imperial octavo
in size. Is being published by J. B. Lippin
cott Company. Volume I Is now ready.
The work is edited by David Patrick.
LL.D., and la illustrated with nearly 300
portraits, specially reproduced - for this
book from the most authentic paintings
and engravings known. \ Thi3 edition,
although based on the former book, is
practically a new work, as it has been
greatly extended, and in large measure
reconstructed and rewritten. The eaitor
has been fortunate in securing the assist
ance of many of the best-known literary
men of the day, and articles of special In
terest have been contributed to the pres
ent volume by the Rev. Stopford Brooke. -
Edmund Gosse. A. W. Pollard, Austin «
Dobson, Andrew Lang, Professor Saints- ?
bury, Sidney Lee, Dr. P. Hume Brown, A.
H. Bullen. ¦
It is a coincidence that two of the books
which Doubleday, Page & Co. publ'sn
this month are by authors whose per
sonalities are entirely unknown. : One, of
course, is "A Modern Antaeus," by the
mysterious author of "An English
Woman's Love Letters." The other is
-"The Making of a Country Home," the
-new story -by . " the author of "AJ
Journey . to Nature" — J. P. . Mow
bray, who was formerly known to
the public only by the initials "J. P.
M." The rumor was afloat that they
stood for J. Pierpont Morgan, but thla
the publishers deny, though the stories
deal with a Wall street broker and a
young married couple who leave the city
to live some very delightful experiences
not far from the west bank of the Hud
son, where the author, himself, Is said
to have his home.
J. ' A. Altsheler's successful novel,
"The Wilderness Road." which pictures
St. Clair*s defeat and the victory of
Wayne, whose success had so much to
do wifh the winning of the old North
west, has found appreciation In London,
where an English edition is shortly to be
brought out. In addition to Mr. Attschel
er's "Wilderness Road," three other of
D. Appleton & Co.'s recent Americar.
novels— Mr. Barr's "Shacklett," Mrs.
Peattie's "Beleaguered Forest" and Mrs.
Cruger's "Mrs. Clyde"— are on the point
of publication by various London houses.
This is not Mr. Altsheler'a first appear
ance in England, since his "Soldier of
Manhattan" also found an English pub
lisher. '". ;-/> : i
Dr. Edward Everett Hale will be 81
years of age next April, but he appears
to be as vigorous In body and keen in
Intellect as he was a score of years ago.
He is seen frequently on the streets of
Boston, and ills voice Is often heard at
public gatherings. His pen. too. is ex
tremely « busy, but his writings are con
fined principally to magazine articles, etc
Dr. Hale has been a prolific writer. The
new uniform collected edition of his,
works, published by Little. Brown &
Co., consists of ten interesting vol
-umes. His famous story. "The Man
"Without a Country," Is one of the clas
bIcs which 13 ever In demand.
Idterary Notes.
In Harold MacGrath's mJ^el. "The Pup
pet Crown," there is what the lovers of
animals call a bully good dog. He is in
no way a minor character, but a hinge
upon which the story turns. A San Fran
cisco woman was told about this dog. of
his love for his royal mistress, of his be
ing abused by the rabble because he was
hers, and of his timely rescue; but she
did not quite catch the title of the book.
Prompted by a curiosity to learn the
poor animal's fate, she went into a book
store and Innocently asked: "Have you
the Pup and the Crown?"
/The January Country Life in America fa
a California number with superb pictures
characteristic of this unique and beautiful
magazine.' and wholly devoted to the out
door world on the Pacific coast. The spe
cial covers show big trees of the Sierras,
and , a magnificent frontispiece, the
blooming orchards at the foot of snow
capped mountains. : The leading article,
by;L. H. Bailey, tells of the diversified
. beauties and peculiarities of ths land thai
'flowers In winter and sleeps in summer
where thunder storms are not, and where
¦ the sun shlne3 everlastingly. Pioneer day!
are recalled by ."The Heroes of the Firing
¦ Line," a. poem by Joaquln Miller; th«
trend of wonderful development Is th<
theme of "Country Life in California," bj
A. J. Wells, and "The Story of a Greai
California E3tate," by Charles Howard
- Shinn, naturally follows. Throughout th<
unusual opportunities for illustrating Cal
ifornia at its best have been well taken
but of particularly striking beauty an
several series of photographs. Of these
"The Cypresses of Monterey," show t
picturesque feature of the Southern coast
the Yucca palms and Glla monsters. th<
weird life in the Mojave desert, and th(
. poppies and poppyworta furnish the coloi
that gives California its fame as a lane
of flowers. Then, in a practical way, i
portion of the number is devoted to th«
making of homes and gardens, the cultur<
and commercial handling of fruits, am
to many aspects of the soil.
ing herov James V of, Scotland, and
James Barnes has a rattling story of the
Boer war. Two short poems. "Individual
ism," by William H. Hayne, and "Magis
of the Past," by Paul Kester, complete
the ' number.
"The Apostles of the Southeast," as an
account of actual- experiences, might be
read with profit by those 'who do fashion
able "slumming" in the belief that the
light of their countenance is the cne
thing needful to lift the gloom from the
lives of those who form the masses.
(Published by D. Appleton & Co.," New
York. Price Jl B0.) .
.Mr. Bullen has written this story .; with
an .and an evidently- sincere
sympathy with his subject, somewhat.un
usual in this day of the pot-boiler order of
romance, when at times one looks in vain
for more than a simulation of real emo
tion. This may be due ; partly, to the
fact that the book is a record of the lives
of people with whom the author is ac
quainted.
body as works .for thee 'ere do It fur
money. We. knows an* luvs lots; of your
dear child'en as do preach fur money,. but
we don't want 'em "ere. We all onus feels
'at we owes you alLthe light of our lives.,
We're yourn fur .service, an' if you gives
us souls for our 'Ire we're mightily: over-:
paid. | Fill all. thy people 'ere so full ' of
love that it'll keep on a-bublin' -up ; an' [
runnln' over all roun' 'em. An 1 don't: let
any of .'em be mean. Keep 'em alla-pay
ln' just a little mofe'n their share, so's
t'elp any pore brother or . sister 'at'.s
dahn on their luck. An' don't let's , 'ave
no tattlin* er mlschief-makin .'ere, Lord.
Do, dear father God, -keep thy people
sweet, keep 'em knit together " in the
bon's of love, and make this 'ere little
'ouse a center of sunshine, for all Rover
hive, for Christ's dear sake, Hamen."
artistic ' finish of his stories, but also in
the peculiar moral tone which character-"^
lzes the. work of many 'writers of- that
school." "•"• Still, these . tales : : are ¦ not ad
dressed to fan audience of youngpeople.
•Without doubt, in spite of a hint of. cyn
icism," and * a prevailing tone of ' melan
choly,- the | stories present,- as ' is affirmed
on "the ' cover of the book, a gallery of
charming : miniatures. ' . ;* ¦ . ;
All the stories are cleverly told; and it
Is difficult to speak in praise of one rather
than of another. "Mrs. Russell" ; is the
study of a woman- of the f Jellyby ' type,
• \irho wrecks j the happiness ' or j her \ hornet
in • a~ selfish . desire i to • figure^ prominently 1
as a philanthropist ! Even - when it is ,
brought home to Mrs. Russell what mis
ery she has occasioned by the I neglect
possible to} 5 understand. : ;The -J authoress j
has been completely successful In one dl-*
rectlon, that of concealing the identity of j
the '. kingdom \whlch * is , the scene ! of her
story. ; ; She \ lias ' invented • names I for • the
places and the j people of the land with ' a I
reckless • abandon ? which >J would v drive ' a
philologist t to >. distraction. '. Mo on« ' conld '.
possibly; guess] the ; locality of "a country ,
whose , inhabitants have names : which ! arc
not only, Latin,' Greek, French, German or ?
English,: but .which are of an original ,va^- ?
riety ; whose component: parts ' exhibit' the •
symmetry, of the chimera. ;>; ' ' ~^-<?'fz5 '.
¦¦ The" Influence of i Anthony, • Hope Is erd-*.
dent ' In the \ entire construction of "The '¦¦
Princess Cynthia,".; but unfortunately, the
brilliancy,' and .wit'of that writer are lack
ing here." | The romance is a' fair example '
of what j a long-suffering, public \ Is asked
to read when a i writer of originality." and
talent has set the fashion for a particular}
style , of : story. (Published . by,- Funk'&
Wagnalls - Company, . New -. York. . ; Price
$120.):--- : - y . ¦; ; , ;
¦'. '¦:'¦¦> ¦¦:¦¦.•:.'. The Alien. :.-..' \ "-.:
•"The "Allen,".' by Miss F. F. Montresor,
is al strong, story ¦ of , the far-reaching of-!
fects of the love of an 1 " Englishwoman, for
her prodigal, son.;: Mrs. Mordaunt,V ¦ the
owner of a small estate,; is. unwilling to
hjr death to the j distant
'cousin to . whom ! it has * been j willed. \ She
Is supposed to have no children living;
but she ;really 1' has' a son'' who -has lived
for years in South ; Amerlca^> This son has
no claim to the estate of his mother, ; but
1 on' his i return to England, yielding to her.
persuasions*, heV pretends to be a long-
a^badly; written , account , of hysterical
creatures, 1 who" engage in. page after page
of dialogue whose ; meaning It Is often im-;"
and commercial ¦ situation, with /particu
lar reference to the . inroads which Ameri
can, trade is j making, oh the whole', world.
There ! never 'was l a more ' important ¦ sub
ject for,, this country, and Mr.' 1 ? "Vanderlip,'
through," his ..training ' as a" journalist and
as an officer of our ', Government, is ex
actly } fitted 1 to '¦; write upon it with ; judg
ment r and ' to make ; it entertaining/ The
first of, his articles on I the '"American -In
vasion", of Europe will appear In the \Jin
uary ¦Scribner's.;^:'"- ¦;.-,' ,;
' On the cover "of the January '.Pearson's
appears the i portrait ': of Captain ; Kettle— a
celebrity in. the world of fiction, whose re
nown has; spread throughout , the" English
, speaking : countries.":' "More 'Adventures ¦ of
Captain Kettle**, is the! promising title un
der which Cutliff e", Hyne; again ' Introduces
his amazing little hero.: The opening story
of . the new . series deals with Kettle' s " deli-*
cate ;. handling ¦ of , a "diplomatic : mission '• In
the heart of Africa, and' there is an'enter
taining; account : .of ¦; an V ; unexpected : en
counter with a pretty French /woman,* who
is more .than a ; match for,, the ' redoubtable
' captain. , ; There are six T excelleht \illustra
tloris.V')'.'' ':¦ ¦- ¦, -;" r '-.' \ ¦. '\ ¦' : ' ¦ -' :'
i*The, contents ,r of V; the Popular Science
Monthly,; f or ' January,' apart ; f rom , numer
ous " shorter, contributions;! are' as folio ws :
"The j Minnesota : Y Seaside! Station," ; Pro
fessor f Conway .' MacMillah ; {¦' "Antarctic
Exploration," A Professor? J.t-.W.f Grftory;
i"The - Possible Improvement of j the Human
Breed lUnder, Existing Conditions * of; Law
and Sentiment," Dr. "Francis Galton; '.'The
End I of A-hi Filth , Theory^ of .! Disease,'^ Dr.
Charles y.lChapln"; "Recent Totaf Eclipses
; of *the % Sun," 'i Professor i Solon - I.V Bailey ;
Roger Bacon,"- Dr.fEdward S." Hol
deh;';],''Lamarck, ¦;¦. the > Founder >; of Evolu-r
tlon,'.' : ;Prof essor /. -W; ); H. ; ! Dall i\. VComets";
Tails, '; the ;Corona f and - : the ; Aurora . Bore^
alls," i Prof essor; John; Cox. ' ' \
Thackeray's second 'visit to the United
can newspaper, correspondent, abroad, and
knew well f most of : the *; great < men , and
women ; of ; his day. ;In ..this.' paper '"he
writes, of Rosebery, Arthur Balfour," Sir
Henry, Campbell \ Bannermah, , H. H. . As
quith' and \ Sir}Edward '.;" Grey,' - discussing*
not 1 their politics ;but their personal qual-
i ties *. : 'and ~ f social 1 - ' charm^ -. .''The v Forest
Runners,',' j Stewart \ Edward '-.White's ' nov
ette of ; the -Michigan forests," is conUnued
In . this f. number. -VTelegraph t Talk3 , and
Talkers,", by LJ'C.Hall.is a' revelation of
some "of I the of 'the, Morse lan
guage'of dots anddashes; by- an old tele
grapher. ¦ : Cyrus { Townsend ¦ Brady ? writes
an account r of David Crockett and the im
mortal '; defense 5 of , the >- T Alam6 ; \ Cleveland
Moffett [tells of his • explorations "In ' and
Around ,the Great Pyramid" ;¦ Robert Barr
recounts another venture of his , captivat-
In the January McClure's a dog story
Is .given : the post of honor, and "Army
Jack,','- by W. J.'' Carney and Chauncey
Thomas, goes straight to the spot by vir
tue of its soldierly t frankness. and sincer
ity. ""Along with "Army Jack" goes "The
Demon, in' the Canyon," a bear story by
Henry Wallace Phillips. ¦• A good many
people •will," doubtless; open this number
to the page with*" Josephine Dodge •, Das
kam's name on top,' aad ; they will not "be
disappointed. "Edgar, the Choir Boy Un
celestial," i is perhaps '. the^ most iunregen-'
er|ited and ; irresistible '.of ' all , Miss * Das
kam's ; young scamps. - A notable * paperj
the first of a .series. | is j George Washburn
Smalley.'s personal , recollections ; of : "Eng
lish Statesmen and ; Rulers." V Mr. t,Smal
ley was for many, years the chief Ameri-
somely illustrated | articles of ', the famous
Briarcllff Farm* in New York, by Mary
C. Blossom, and a ''Day's Work on a Cat
tle Ranch,'.'.- by j Earl Mayo, give variety
to this special "looking outward'* number.
Many stories and Interesting facts about
our foreign trade are told in "Among the
World's Workers.".; in which appear*, also,
letters from, Consuls stationed In various
lands. v
Bureau , of ," American , : Republics. "¦ Hand-
With "The. Era of Exclusiveness Is
Past'V for "a text The World's Work for
January , devotes its space largely to the
political commercial expansion of the
country. Nearly every article gives not
only vivid incidents of America abroad to
date, but is' full, as well, of suggestions
toward ma'king the incidents of our trade
in every limits of the earth a great uni
fied movement. . In "Our New Horizon"
Frederic Emory gives, with epic sweep,
a view of our activities. Chalmers Robert
relates Btories of American' Ministers
abroad, and Gaillard Hunt tells how the
consular service, which is doing much to
further American . Influence at the [ out
posts, should be reorganized. The rapid
growth of Pacific Coast trade Is stirringly
shown In "The New Pacific Empire,", by
George Hamlin Fitch, and a striking in
cident in It Is told by Arthur Goodrich in
his description of the building of the big
gest ships in the world. "Merchantmen
Twice as. Big as Men-of-War," to ply be
tween Seattle and '' the ,'¦ Orient. The so
called'American Invasion of England is
discussed by Ulysses D. Eddy., in , "Our
Special Partner— England," ' and in "More
Stories" by an American in England. Re
markable developments In our trade. with
Spain since j the war^ are related by Ed
ward. Lowry, and: Henry- Harrison Lewis
tells of the adventures of American goods
abroad. The new relations with "the peo
ple of ;our own continent are interpreted
by Oscar ' King Davis,' writing . from the
Pan-American Congress , in Mexico, and
W. : Woodville Rockhill, the director of the
' "Prince Reckless," by Arthur Grlssom,
is the leading story in the January num
ber of the Smart Set. Alfred Henry Lewis
contributes in historical story article, en
titled "One . Eighteenth Century Day."
Its characters are beaux and literary and
histrionic giants of London at one of the
most picturesque periods in, English his
tory. Elizabeth Duer (Mrs. James G.
King Duer)is the author of a story en
titled "Sinful Sara." "The Enchanted
Rug" is the title of another of Edgar Sal
tus' enchanting articles and "The Hatred
of Friends," by Gertrude F. Lynch, is a*
, study, of feminine nature that will be for
cibly appreciated by. many women. An
amusing Story Is,'"Object, .Matrimony,"
by A. S. Duane, and a queer, fascinating
tale is "What M. Maurice Pelot Says," by
John Regnault Ellyson. "Modern Fox
Hunting,'; by, George F. Underhill, an
English, authority on the sport, will be
read with interest by all followers of the
hounds." A unique and decidedly amusing'
story is "A Sentimental Journey, 19C2," by
Francis M. Livingston, and other notable
tales are "The, Lotos" and the Bottle," by
O. Henry; "Tie's of Auld Lang Syne," by
Ethel -Watts ' , Mumford; "The Secret
Panel," by Countess Loveau de Cha
vanne, and "Expert Assistance," by W.
Pett Ridge. . The chief features in verse
are "Le Masque _ de 1 1* Amour," by Guy
Wetmore Carryl; "Rebellion," by Julien
Gordon; "A Yule Song," by Clinton Seol
lard; "At Phaedra's Tomb," by Bliss
Carman, and "Awaited," by Charles Han
eon Towne. .-
It has almost always been taken for
granted that § Mrs. Trollope's deliberate"
purpose in. writing her book was to vilify
and caricature • everything American.. Of
such "a purpose, however, the book itself
gives absolutely not a single Indication.
The whole drift of what she wrote is, of
course, distinctly. unfavorable; but" It \a
evidently set down with, a distinctly hon
est purpose.' Mrs. Trollope -herself, . as
her son has told us, had come to America
with a strong desire to be pleased with
what she was to flnd, being: something of
a radical in her politics at home and im
bued with notions. % verging even upon
gommunlsm. That )¦ with • this .friendly
predisposition | she wrote so bitter a I book
is to be attributed partly to the peculiarly
feminine cast of her mind, as set forth In
the paragraphs Just quoted, but more
largely to the circumstances of her stay.
She spent but little time in the older and
more settled portions of the country,
passing through; them only on her jour
ney home. The New England States- she
never visited at all. Her first and most
lasting impressions were formed in the
course of > her three years' residence in
Cincinnati.— From "Mrs. Trollope's' Book
on the Americans." By Harry Thurs ton
Peck, in the January Bookman.
New Will," by Richard Le Gallienne ;
"The "World's Richest School and Its Pur
pose," by Beauford A. Mason; '.'Trans
forming Forests ' Into . Newspapers," by
Frank Hix Fayant; "Raising Values." by
Dr. Orison Swett Harden; "President
Roosevelt's 'First Message," by Walden
Fawcett.
,;¦,];.: > The Magazines.
With the' January number of The CritleJ
will begin a notable , series articles on "
"The Great . Reviews," /.the 'first install- ;
ment; cbverinff'.'Thoi English. Reviews,"'
the text being by Arthur ,Waush and the.
Illustrations covering many Important edi
tions both past and present; as 'well aa ¦¦
facsimile reproductions of title pages, etc; ;
Mr. Waugh will sketch the -history , and '
principles of the leading English reviews
from ;¦ the ''-Edinburgh Review- onward,*
giving many \ interesting facts ' about j the
inception of- these/ reviews as-well ; :as
stories i of their founders and chief con- ,
trlbutors. " ,
and the Larger Life," by Edwin Mark
ham; i "Why ' I Am Certain - of Reaching
the'North Pole," by Evelyn B. Baldwin;
"In the West Theodore Roosevelt Won
Health and Streniiousness," by Hon. W.
F. Cody ("Buffalo .BUI"); J "Premier Lau
rier "Won Leadership by Personal Merit,"
by : Cy Warman : "How to i Develop Per
sonal Power," .by Ella Wheeler Wilcox;
"Marquis Ito's Courage Made a Great
Nation," . by . Hajlme Hoshi; "The Pos
sibilities of; the Automobile," .by Henri
Fournler; "Culture-Contrasts In America
and England," , by Professor j James Wil
liams and Dr. Charles P. Timing: "Sat
ire's \ Smoldering Embers Need Fresh
Fuel," by James L. Ford; "Stand With
I "When . Frank A. • Vanderlip resigned na
Assistant ; Secretary of the Treasury he
went abroad with letters to all the Min
isters of Finance- in, Europe : and spent
many months ", investigating the' financial
dom, : _will .flnd them presented here In an
attractive form. .'(Price ;$1 50.)
;. Some of the notable articles and poems
in the January Success > are : "Business
lion of thdaeaison— a .wealthy, man, whose
Interest In sociology has. led him to make
a' personal investigation of the i condition
of the classes/. The story,; ends
in = the f . way i of I old-fashioned' fairy: tales,
where 4 the j prince; throws off . his disguise
and claims the hand of the princess. (Pub
lished by L/C Page & Co., < Boston. Price
n ; 25.):-;v~, : -. -' . •..¦¦•!. ¦•'¦_¦'•..• . ; . .
Chesterfield's" letters. .---,._
'.A* new edition /of :, the ' letters "of Lord
Chesterfield is issued by the Dodge Pub
lishing' Company,; New York. Those who
wish to possess these well-known models
of ' epistolary , art, with ' ; their graceful : ex
presslons of, the best sort of worldly wis-
States (1S55-B6) will be the *¦ subject - of
James Grant .Wilson's second paper on
the : novelist's relations with America, In
the January; Century. ; LJkp. the previous
budget j of reminiscences. It will be pro
fusely Illustrated .',wfth v rare portraits of
Thackeray and "sketches ' from bis own
humorous pea! -From some of his letters
to his friends on this side of the water, it
would ; appear '_'¦ that the-, distinguished
author, was not I averse , to Investments in
American securities, some of .which failed
to prove Immediately profitable.' General
Wilson's list of; Thackeray, manuscripts In
this • country Includes ; the - Brookfleld let-,
.ters, in two volumes,', for ; which J. ' Pier
pont Morgan paid $16,200 at the Ausustln
Daly sale, y ."'¦•¦ . ' '
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
12
THE SUNDAY^ oCAlilii
I n^ II
lliW i
Love Sonnets oi a j
I By Wallace Inrin.
intrcductica by
Deiiciovsly Absurd
Irresistibly Clever
¦25c:
Bandxna Edition, Bound in Genuine
Bsndraa Handkerchief, 50c \
•»'•?.¦«•"¦
Elder and Shepard, . I,
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ '" ¦ < -•:
p ¦ . o"
NOW ISSUED.
Charles Wsrr en Stoddard's
"In the Footprints
of the Padres."
•'Mr. Stoddard sets forth in this
work his recollections of early
days in California.' ; Beautifully .
illustrated; - Book : collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
. tion.
PRICE SI CO NET.
X. m. RO3ERTSON,
Pubik'her. ,'26 Post Street.madame knew how . to bind two rival ¦
cliques with a chain bo "fine ; and *.. sb
strong that' there would be no breakingf'it'
and no desire to break it. She was takf
ing her first steps in applying the' subtle
art^ of the Freilchwoman 'to' matters
strenuous arid American..,"
Town and Gown was founded, and It
throve. It set out to be exclusive' arid
?t kept to that standard^ But not to'the
extent that it* should become , unpopular/
Never ' that. - Mme. Paget • is immensely
Wise. •¦ "¦ .•:--::,¦
. Now you must know . that a woman's
¦ club is a? fearfully and wonderfully.; made
thing, full of .whims and complexities and
nerve. Each , individual woman "that; the
Lord ever ' made f, was ; that ; f , each" individ
ual, woman that, the Lord ever, made 'had
enougft •' of . ( these ' distracting ."quail ties.-; to
bewilder .'any. one who should :try.to'rnan
' sge .them ; ; how ;, much rnore so a ' club
full of .them." each multiplied by : one • h un
dred .*- and / seventy-five^" ; forsooth T^The" 1
"driver of' a'.hundred-and-severity-flve-in
handtmust'hayea -finger that feels the
least? twitch on any one. of the' lines.
' T is a queer thing that a French
I woman who cannot speak our tongue
•without giving her race away in the
' first sentence -should come to Amer
ica to teach some of our women of ¦
Rkclcy the most American thing that
cy have ever learned. Mme. Paget It
«s wlio taught them the art, of club
ng.
This tall, thin. gray, powerful French
)man has led them over there in the
Ilege town across the bay. She has
id "You shall" and "You shall not,"
<d they have fallowed. She found them
:thout a club such as she considered .
cy needed. Che told them they must
.vc such a club: she organized it and
.irt-d it. She r.-cnt abcut rclslng money
ct the club might own Its house and lot
*1 this she accomplished. -All ; tho
jmen of Berkeley obeyed.
IVhat Mme. Pagct said to them was in
fnificancc this:
*You have no real club here. It Is up
-<3ate and American to have a woman's
ab. You must have one.'"
She showed them how to be American.
1 the while she was talking * with f a.
"¦" wher-i the "th" should have . been,
•c Had not left a single shrug nor ges
re behind her at the Custom-house,' and
31 she showed them bow to be Ameri
n.
Tour years ago Mme. Paget founded
e Town and Gown Club. It was hers.,'
I hers. She ordained that It should be
•'Je.up of women from the university :
d from the town. Whatever she or
inc-d was carried out.
This town and university ' arrangement
re the stamp of the • diplomatist. The *
'The Best Known Club Wo
men of the Pacific Coast?!' Do
you know who they are? Or,
in knowing who they are,
have you ever studied their 1
personalities to know why
they should be considered the
"best knownp" This sketch of
Mme. Paget is the ninth in an "»
Interesting series on just those
lines.
be endowed with excellent health and will
live to great old ages. The boys will be
successful money earners and the girts
will ' have attractive personalities. . ;
January 5, Sunday— The children born
upon this day. will not be very fortunate
and will need careful training and guid
ance during their youth. The boys will
become professional men and the "girls
will marry while quite young.
January 6, Monday— The children born
upon' this, day. will be handsome of form
and lovely of face. They will need to cul
tivate*, intellectuality. They should suc
ceed in art or music or in fruit-raising and
gardening. SSS
January^ Tuesday— The children born
upon this day will possess mild, agreeable
and , patient dispositions. They will seek
knowledge and will be of curious tempera
ments. The boys should become natural
ists, explorers, inspirational speakers and
.writers. The girls will be lovers of home,
/children and pets. ;
January, 3. Wednesday— These children
¦will bo liable to sickness and to accidents
In youth and should not be sent to school
under seven years of age. They should
choose . an ; out-of-door life, as farming,
fruit or. stock raising, or. florists and will
be fond of traveling and hunting. ; .*^{EGH]
, January 9. Thursday-f-The children of to
i day.^will be fortunate and long lived. The
boys should become good judges, lawyers,
gbveriiment^ofnclals; railroad men or tele
;graph operators. '.The girls will make ex- Y
' cellent teachers.
¦"¦ January 10, Friday— The children born .
"on this "day ; will succeed in any. kjiid, of
mechanical employment. They, should
¦ also become excellent surgeons or chem- .
' ists ' and :; will r be fine t business managers. .
The girls will take great prids in home life
ami in fine surroundings. ,\
. January iir Saturday— The children of ;
.*; to-day i" will. be '"witty, and bright arid "wlli*
lead liappy,. merry lives. They, will . make
"fine public entertainers., and will be fond »'
of Jmusic. rdanclrigand acting.'. They^wUl j ,
imarry, while quite '. young and will always'
find a means of livelihood.
'" ¦ _ ;v:';Biftis^'-V; :.;;;¦< .
The children born during this week will
"* January Jll,' Saturday— Those ,who'cele
brate i their ""birthdays .to-day" twill'; liveia'
merry ,** happy 1 life .during "the next ; year
"sirid^will 'banish -all care, ''l'hey ' may' bo
too convivial for their own welfare. '.
¦•January' 10, •Frlday^Thosc whose blfth
'days fall upon this day: will be liicky . durV
ing I the next Wear- In finding ' lost treas^
ures^and; In" locating I mines ; or'oll ] wells.
Doctors "and . nurses will ; find ¦ this > aT- suc
cessful'year. . .".'.. , :¦: '-. v -'
.; January ) 9,; Thursdayr-Toung . ineii : will
flhd.ithat lnaportarit^ changes :> will " take
place in "their 'lives * during, the* next ; year.
, Young v wonien. will 'travel; extensively arid,
some will : marry* before'. many ' months '• if
theirjbirthdays fall upon '.this date.". ';,
f January 8, Wednesday— Those who cele
brate'the anniversary! of their birth upon
this day, may. experience a disappointment
or a disastrous love affair during the next
year, 'although ¦ all ? will i be fortunate Vin
making- money. Real estate dealers and
thoseVwho :buy ; and sell 1 will be especially
lucky.'*';';-':'"..--*" ''V' 1 -
) January 7. Tuesday— Those whose.birth
days ii fall ", upon this day ; will make many
friends during the next "¦ year and ¦ will be
successful socially.-' Young men engaged
in official or clerical work will; meet with
recognition. All should take care to avert
accidents.-
January 6,: Monday— Men of middle ' age
who; celebrate .their birthdays upon this
day "will be very ; successful !ln -acquiring
money '.within the next year. Young peo
ple had best take no long journeys or any
undue' risks .within the next twelve
months." ' ¦.;.%'( - ¦ , ¦
¦' January , 5.- Sunday— Those . born 'upon
this. day. ' who are.";of inventive or me
chanical predellctlon, will experience a
fortunate -1 and profitable year. 3 Profes
sionarworkers will fare better than those
In lines. There' may be ¦ dls-'
appointments for sorne, and young women
should be careful in making new acQualn
tances..'-"''""''"¦¦'.' . : ". ¦: *" ..j-"*':?' '? *..'
Birthdays.
boom upon this day, and there should be
Important business consummated upon
this date. T.
Wheat and other cereals should lead the
market, 1 which will open" with an uncer
tain aspect, and may go down by 10 but
rise and be at * its . highest . point- by 11
o'clock., y.; . J . •-.-.' : '¦.-'-;
January * II, \ Saturday— Dealers In pro
visions and commission, merchants will
find this a lucrative day.' Large business
contracts can be made upon this date. '
. '.Iron .and .sugar should rise to-day.
Cereals should open a little low but should
go up by 11 a. m. .
'^Januaryi 9.',Thursday— This day la a good ':'•
o'ne'iuponv which : to Vmake -real - estate Hn-l ¦'.
'vestments.^Jx',; .'^fi.^/^il.' '\'^/y' •¦"[•' ¦^¦ : '-y,\
vj Mining;"; stocks, ; oils,** minerals arid : all '^
earthly |* products ; should] lead " the t market •.'
* to-day..-: The ¦> market'4:Shduld ¦¦' o Deri .'.low, 1 ••:
. should;go;up-by;10.' down at noun and up "T
again at: l.p.'.m;. l'-"i-. [','-;'. L-j'r' ¦';;,,.: ¦
January,' !(),': Friday— Retail trade will
¦ , Under. the dominance of Mercuryispecui
latloh r should ¦' be lively arid > very, change
ableX:,•,',;;"* ¦".-- ;;"^* t v r^-'y-.:. ..:.';. >^ ;.:..
*¦(! January 8." Wednesday-^This: is an excel
lent- dayj for, all .'engaged ¦ in; trans
portation, and '.for; Importers, of wines and. 1
fruitS.^Vil.;;:;^.;^,.;; v'., ' /:'-• •;.:•', .'
V"" The stock market , will' be a con tlnuatlon
of '¦yesterday!s' ; 'f changes. >^ Speculators :
shouldfcarefully, watch;theirJmargins.,.' .
.¦Speculation will be very, changeable, arid
one : of \ the :,. unusual .; lines will likely > lead
the market' c:h;'ci<.. ¦ . :,; '.'o'.^.;
'January ,7,' Tuesday-^Thls dajrwlll prove
a" profitable one for ' those engaged in pro
fessional £ fields/; 1 '¦'., Retail • dealers ",* should
realize ; largely . through '. this' day's * deal
lngs.".fy^;".:-'\' J .'-"r:i/ i ' HiV'.v>r. : ;;-':>' CXv'^.i'--
' January, M, Monday--Buslness should be
gin upon this day under the most promis
ing ¦•: conditions.''; Wholesale , trade
flourish and merchants "should v take^Jn
large orders^Thia!eritlrel'week' i r wHl; be a
propitious i one \ for; traveling [salesmen", f
¦ 'January 5, SundayT-This is an.excellent
day ' f or revivals ' and "for ' religious iwork
of: all denominations.' i v lt / Is -.a good tlirie
for rest " and ; for -social , eh joyment. . '-. ; -:¦. : .
Business.
";\ -This ; week ¦ Is - not ! a* very propitious one
f or i Insuring > peace ' and harmony j through
matrimony. The ; sixth Jaind seventh" dsys,
however, ', are ; riiore ' fiill : of than
the other ' days of the week. ¦ ~"i ' ¦¦¦
Marriage.
¦ .The-' weather. ; for.;the . week, -will. '.be
changeable.'/; The ¦ first L few. days '-. should
be clear;: and .' cold; then , moderation '; and
snow— folio wed l Z by .? a^coldi'w ay e"i on-^the
10th or 11th.
..The new rriobn In the ninth house close
to; Saturn and \ Jupiter '[ calls for a busy
manufacturing -trade'. ,' : -; .
- Speculation shpuld; be active in. stocks,
mining ¦investments and long-time; good
securities?. ¦/ t>' \
. Ih/luences . render health signs : fairly
good,' but people should take unusually .
great ;* care* for the prevention of pulrrion- s
ary f tfoubles. , ".' .-. ,.'.-i ¦;'- •' ; • '¦:
THE . : week beginning on Sunday,
January 5,: will ; show ; remarkable
enterprise' in the' business : world.
Plans : will be /completed - for new
companies, and contracts .will* . be
carried into effect. Arrangements will be
made for the year, and large bookings
made.f : "-r ¦->"-'¦; '•' ; - ; ¦-. '. :-• ' v ¦' '.-' ? ' ". ' ' ' "
'Somehow- Mme. Paget.' got hold • of
those whims ; arid complexities and, nerves
and wove them into a harmonious 'whole.
Town 'and 1 Gown was formed smoothly.
• : This was riot sufficient for her, however.
. She \was doing much, . but she : had not
broken, a record ( as. yet. Other women,
\ rare women, t had organized and managed
' clubs. \ She roust do more. .-;
. was ¦ one j way in which she could
'excel;., :Her club could; buy Its own. home.'
;No other woman's "club on the coast owns
its vine and fig v tree. .
She set about raising money. It: came
• ' In little lumps, in. big lumps, , in [middle
sized lumps./ She 'didn't care how, so long
.rs; the; end was accomplished.- What in
terested her was the fact that it came. .
In time : there was enough, for. the. club
to-buya lot on the corner of Dana street
and Dwlght way.: It was not a long time,
cither.; It was only /a year and a half
after the club was 'founded. . ••"".
. .That was two and a half years ago. The
/[club ". lriimediately went to work to' build,
I arid the home ;that ; everybody knows now
was erected In quick « time. To . be ¦ sure,
It' wasinotall.paid for at once;, but; the
mortgage*, is. 'paid now and the property
is absolutely that o^f Town and Gown.' ;
Mme: Paget) is not, president, -but; her
. flrih tiand'sUll does, a~g6od 'deal' of guid-;
i ing. The club is busy In many lines, > arid
!she keepjs up wlthjill of them to a greater
or^ less' extent/ 1 . It Is- not, divided;^ntosec-'
tloris, . as i itaT neighbor club, the" Ebell, is;
But It .studies along: similar, lines 'by 'the
arrangemeht of Jcommittees. These ' com
mittees- represent * literature, music, art,
politlcalVclence.and scTonJ'' .-'" ¦¦'¦/\ '-¦'"'•:* -'
Besides 'the " T, 0^ ?;" d . Gown work she \
takes" upon 'herself some of . the Oakland
Ebell'si duties. ls;an ; active, member,
of that club. : Moreover , she Is enrolled as
a ; member -of v the Berkeley' Political
.Equality Club. . V / '
5| "Oh, / yes; j I .am' a' member." . she> says,
with al shrug. .'!,'ButvI,do ; 'riot know | if 'I
In it.-. ' AVo cannb t ! tell yet " I f It .will .
' be « good or, if j 1 1 \wil 1 ¦ be \ bad l, tha t ; women '
£ yote.'; I know 'Mrs.: Keith,- and, I ; thlnk'she
is t a 7 most . lovely .woman, Ibut 'I ' do /not
know if /she'is* right In, wishing- that we
vote. . I * am ¦ a ' member, thbugh-^what do
;I'care?^;".-' '•¦¦'..: .-''^' ¦"::'¦;-,', ; ¦¦ 'J ,¦ ','fC'\
K -[.Stie': Is., deliclously, humorous about 'it,
and; the satire ia there.'
."We "women; are so busy now, are we
!-not7^.;^;».' :^V' ; >'''VO;; .- ; ¦ ¦ ,¦¦;'¦' '•••,•,¦"
' •;• .The shrug again. , . . ;"". ¦' ? ~^'
v; ',,'Theyj say ¦ we should make politics' bet
vter.'^Why,";I 'I wonder.', why;.; I- say.": Is it
'that',we are better," then, ithari men? ..""We V". 1
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You
BEST-KNOWN CLUB WOMEN ON THE PACIFIC COAST
"transparent, like* a pale ruby among
pink roses." Less poetical, but more prac
tical. Is this old recipe that nails should
be not long, not round, nor altogether
square, but of a fair shape, and with- a
very little boss, uncovered, clean and
A poet's description of a pretty nail is
"a. rose leaf with a crescent in it," or
Often pinching the ends does a good
deal -toward making the flngers taper,
and there Is more than one case on rec
ord of girls with thick, stumpy fingers
who have been made to wear thimbles at
night on each finger to produce the taper
ing effect. Ten little thimble-shaped cap3
of silver, which kept her fingers finely
tapering, were always worn at night by
Madame Patterson Bonaparte, whose
great beauty was her hands and arms,
a beauty preserved to extreme old age.
It is also recorded of her that she wore
.gloves continuously day and night. An
other ' celebrated character, Madame
Recamler, preferred dinners to any other
form of entertainment not for the sake
of the pleasures of the table, but be
cause her feet, . which were not pretty,
were hidden, and her exquisite hands and
arms -were .well displayed.
turned upward; then with even and con
stant movement each hand is bent up
ward, downward and sideways without
moving the arm. For the upward mo
tion bend the hand from the wrist as far
as possible In the direction of the ( backs
of the hands, then return to the original
position. 'Bend the hand downward as
far as possible. For the sideways move
ment bend alternately toward the thumb
side and the little finger side. During
these movements the fingers are first held
together and then extended. Slowly bend
the fingers enough to, form a fist,' and
then quickly and forcibly open them; re
peat several times. This is good "five
finger exercise," and shapeliness of . hand
and suppleness of wrist are coaxed by
these methods.
The hands require their own proper ex
cise, and should be well manipulated at
le joints to promote both firmness and
tpple movement The symmetry of the
ind may be vastly Increased by hand
itatlon. This Is the method of proce
tre: Extend both arms at right angles
; the body, the backs of the hands
Hand Rotation-
(Copyright, 1901. by F. Smith.)
BEAUTIFUL hand is one that is
I not only white and shapely, but
"""1 supple and expressive, full of
• I strength and character.. Such a
hand may be even more fascinat
ig than a beautiful face, and nothing
iore strongly marks the person of birth
nd breeding.
The fashion of ungloved hands for men,
sine years ago. Is said to have arisen
cm the fact that certain aristocrats de
fied that nothing showed their posses
on of blue blood and differentiated them
•om the new rich like the hands, there
ire a showing of these members was de
reed, in order that on social occasions
le true aristocrat might enjoy the ad
tntage of all his privileges.
The ideal hand is In color a dean,
talthful white, with a tender, firm sur
ice, "as though It were of fine silk or
if test cotton"; the hollow beauty of the
I'.rns suggests sea shells, rare petals or
fcatever else Is delicate of tint; the fln
ers are flexible and tapering, with nails
ear, thin, yet firm; the wrist round,
hite and delicately veined. In regard to
te shape, the most beautiful hand is one
eld eo that as the eye scans the outer
lge of the little finger and of the palm it
ppears wedge shaped, the thickest end
eing, of course, at the wrist and the
"edge tapering out to the finger ends. 1
he whole hand should be thin when it
tows this wedge shape, and the effect
III be marred if the joints are swollen so
i to interrupt the regularity of the slope
? the finger ends.
good plan, aiter drying the hands* with an
ordinary towel; to use a silk handkerchief,
• which will: absorb "any Jmolsture left. It
.-• is : often ! the ! careless * way; of drying the
hands-^-not half drying them.— after wash-,
; ing them^Y which \ makes them chap. * One'
• of the cures for chapped hands is made by
I taking equal parts of honey,, glycerhVand
: liquid camphor: put it all in'a bottle and
;' shake thoroughly, until the ingredients are
;;well ¦¦ incorporated ; cork I tightly : and | keep
8 ready; for use. . . Rub " this , on at - night, or
often during the dajv ' :
/The American Hand.'
.There is a distinctively. American hand,
I according' to the description r of "Le Yah
kee," contained . in .Michel •;, Chevalier's
•'Letters on North America." » "In* a na
tion such: as this,'* he says, "there* can
not 'exist' any % but \' hands which are
spatulate ] and fingers .which \ are; square.
a The size of .the hand indicates ; a | capacity
'to;, seize' the meaning of an entire > sub-..
: ject, and analyze Us details 'with- equal
rapidity; -.the .palm shows love "of pleas-':
ure^and great mental activity; the thumb
denotes , an 'equal ' amount ( of will .power '
and common sense, neither, overriding tho
other. /'•The ; fingers also.- show.- a . love "of
• pleasure.?' Dominating the entire /charac
.ter Is a keen intuition and a good natiired
spirit of criticism."
.''¦ 'A 'Hint or Two. .
If gloves are worn constantly. at' : night
the hands will become yellow. Occasional
. . ¦ , . .
use of gloves, however, is advisable/white
kid the best, and they must be loose.
;- A preparation to 1 keep the handssoftand (
white is made by dissolving a little white
wax: in almond oil; apply this mixture ¦
while, warm, and gloves must be "worn
to keep the wax In place, as it soon coola
and: will 'peel off. ¦ -
.-If ammonia Is used to soften hard water
a:, little cold cream .must be ; rubbed 'in
afterward, as ammonia destroys the natu
ral oil on the surface o* the skin; It also
makes the nails brittle^ . _ '
'."Warm feet have much to do" with white
'hands'; when feet are habitually cold the
hands are always red or blue."
To cleanse the hand from stains, pure,
white vinegar. Is ' the best application;
lemon juice shrivels and yellows the sur
face. '¦ - ; 7 -¦: •" ' .;. [•.-;::,¦ , '¦ '.
'¦ In using a file or emery paper take care
never to use on the flat surface of the
nail. -
Sleep with the hands by the side, and. if :
possible, lightly closed.
„ Hands and Feet.
; Associated with the care of the hands
Is the care of the feet.' Neither too large,
nor too- small, but proportioned to. the
stature it supports is the rule for a foot:
"the ideal, one is white, well arched, with
- a' regularly . curved outline and a smooth
'surface, the toes as ; straight ' as possible.
; If the toes are inclined to crook and over-*
I lap ,, each .. other ¦. a.\ thin ' splint should be
placed under them at night,, to which the
toes are. -tied closely and . firmly. A
I crooked toe - may sometimes • be straight
ened .by putting cotton-wool " between it
and Its neighbor^ Soft corns may often
' be ? entirely cured by means ' of . cotton
wool bound firmly about. them. "Although
the cure is slow; It Is usually effectual.
' . Feet should "¦ of ten be well rubbed and
manipulated, after a , warm bath, the toes
each coming in for a, share of rubbing,
which Is. a preventive .of corns. Emery
' paper will remove any rough skin. Nails
-should be cut 'square; If cut in rounded
shape they are more Inclined to grow into
i the i flesh. Ingrowing nails, as a rule, are
caused. by ill-made or short shoes. The
scientific name of this most painful dis
ease— ingrowing toenails— Is onyxls. It is
a turning in of the nail, causing inflam
mation and ulceratlon, and, if not attend
ed to, . proud flesh. Corns and bunions
come from an enlargement of the natural
papillae and the hardening of. the Integu
ment which covers i them. They, too, 'are
caused by ill-fitting shoes. Bunions should
be painted with Iodine; turpentine may be
used occasionally with good effect on both
bunions and corns. For chilblains nothing
is better than a wash made by dissolving
alum in warm water. Apply with a soft
cloth night and morning; the relief Is al
most instantaneous. Do not use the alum
too strong and do not . soak the feet In
alum water. For excessive perspiration
of the feet the best application is a lotion
made by infusions of sage or rosemary;
the feet afterward powdered with starch.
Stockings should often be changed. Bath
ing* feet in salt and water Is a relief to
tired feet. , To rest the feet take off tho
shoes and stockings, lie down, face down
ward, with a pillow under the Insteps of
both feet, so that every Inch- of the
breadth of the feet rests upon the pillow.
The foot is then at ease. Nine out of ten
colds are taken through the ankles: there
fore keep them warm- and well protected.
Comparison with Greek casts shows that
feet have not changed very much; the
second toe used to be longer and more
salient than the others, and this was un
doubtedly the original form of nature:
but the shape has been changed by the
modern shoe,, The Greek feet— the hand
somest of. them— were hollowed out well
both Inside and out, the heels were short,
the toes long and straight, slightly spatu
lated at the ends. Court beauties used
often to wear white ; satin gaiters so
closely fitted that they had to be sewed
to the foot instead of laced, and the foot
thus encased bore a marked resemblance
to the marble foot of a Greek statue.
Answers to Correspondents.
Agatha— Steam your chin over boiling
water for a quarter of an hour; then rub
gently but firmly with the flngers. If the
black specks seem to have vanished after
sponging. the face with tepid water, close
the pores by using a few drops of tinc
ture of .benzoin added to rose water and
left, on "to dry. If,' however, 'the specks
have not disappeared, steam a little long
er, or squeeze out carefully, 1 and then use
benzoin. Many thanks for your remarks
on the cream throat bath. I am al
ways glad to hear of treatment which has
proved effective, as it may be useful to
others.
L. S. L.— Possibly you will find what
you require about hands In this week's
article. ,If not,' write again. There are
several recipes for whitening the hands
which are safe and. can be home made.
Never cut your nails with a knife; it
spoils them. Use a nail file or a pair of
curved scissors.
Donna Brunetta— Few .women realize
that the secret of face care la to treat
each* feature separately. Rarely is the
skin of nose and cheek of the same qual
ity, and what la healing for one may in
jure the other.
A WOMAN NEEDS FAIR HANDS TO CHARM WITH
EVENMORE FASCINATING THAN A BEAUTIFUL FACE
SOME SUGGESTIONS FOR BRINGING THEM INTO GOOD
CONDITION AND KEEPING THEM SO - COMPARISON
WITH GREEK CASTS SHOW FEET HAVE NOT CHANGED.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
Predictions for the week by
a professional astrologer
showing lucky and unlucky
days, for business, -love and
marriage, giving birthday ad
vice and life forecasts of in
fants born during ths next
seven ¦ days.
well kept, so that at the base, tho
white crescent is visible. The art* of car
ing for tho nails requires some experience
and experimenting.' In the first place it
must be remembered. that no two sets of
finger nails : can be treated quite alike,
not alone because of their texture; but of
their formation. To trim" some nails "6 ver*"
much would be to render them j thick arid
ugly, . to leave others too ' long, uncut' or
unpared would increase their tendency to
brlttleness. Brittle nails should iiever.be
cut' until the fingers! have been soaked in
warm water or rubbed with an emollient.
Always, after washing : the ¦ hands, press
the skin around the nail carefully away
from it, so that thb crescent or half-moon
will show, as It is considered a sign of
beauty. The. half-moons are ' indications
of physical, strength, and' are.never seen
on the fingers of invalids. The nails, of a
thoroughly strong person grow more rap
idly than those of a weakling, hdr do" the
nails of two lingers grow with the' same
degree of rapidity, the nail of the mid
dle finger growing with the greatest rap
idity; and- that of the thumb jeast.. It
has been Computed by a clever person
that the average growth of the finger
nail is one. ihirty^sec'ond of an inch per
week, or a littje more than an inch and a
half npr vrar. *
One of tne. minor Ills to which flesh is
heir, when winter's .. chilly* blasts i search
.^oiit and : discover .weak spots is roughness
¦ of the', skin* or.; chapped - skin.. . 'To ¦', guard
: against, 1 and, \. if ; possible, » prevent the'on
* Bla'ught'bf. the : frost, is a- first corisidera^
: tion v arid 'curj?Ulf. prevention, he i out of ,th$
tquc j sti6^the^next^duty.":The chief'.rea
* son' of j this common butHiresqme'.accbm
¦ paniment'orcold weather ..Is that the skin,
.losing: its "elasticity": because of a lack, of
1 natural secretion, at a time that atirios
: pheric conditions do hot: Induce?perspira
tion, becomes unduly dry and contracted,
and so is liable to crack. It is a tender
'skin that" will do this, • because tender
skins are thin and- delicate and ."cannot
• stand- what- tougher 'ones will.;-Another
¦ cause of so uupleasant an effect is care
lessness in drying the skin "after, washing
it; particularly" in ¦ this • the case . if such
washing^ takes? place immediately, before
- or after "contact- with the open air. Many
persons, j in cold ¦ weather, cannot , wash
| thejr, hands; either] before going; out. or
immediately after/ coming "in, for* if they
¦* do the hands will burn, so as to.jbeposi
. tlvely painful. Nevertheless" they do. not
care to have their, hands soiled, and'need
not, if they will, rub them .with an'eriiol
, lient,"' allowing it to : remain on -the.-skin
for . a | moment or. ; . so, and then remove
with a snft nlri silk hanrlkprrhlpf '*Tt Is'n
THE
BEAUTY
QUESTAt the belt line th&._ I -
gown suddenly takes
princess lines, and then
you realize that the cross ¦>.;
folds of velvet are onl> j
waist ' trimmings, that ' tht> \
¦whole Is a' princess gown decor- . .
atefi with folds upon the waist., j
- Conch shell Jewelry, and pink jew- 1
elry of all kinds Is worn with pink
panne,; so that the whole will be in'.,
harmony..: k
Pearls go with all dinner , gowns, and
the fact that pearls mean tears Is forgot
ten in the revival of these gems. The fact;
also that . they can , be ; imitated makes
them popular, and • It is*!' claimed* that the
artificial pearls are worn ' by 'people ,- of ;
high j quality, those who could - afford the
real pearls, but * who prefer; to wear the *
artificial, while the .'., priceless '¦- heirlooms ;
slumber lna, safe deposit vault.
,The panne silks aro almost as satisfac
tory and are still lighter In weight. They^
are much . like , the old changeable t silks,
with a great' deal more softness and "his- ;
ter. There Is a perfectly beautiful j and
much Lto be desired : gloss upon them, ;" a ;
something which makes -them .'; picture;
gowns, . and (which quite ; does- away -with .
the • necessity for ¦ any.", trimming, >. beyond ;
a; little lace and mayhap a *••¦ contrasting :
belt.' : Black Is quite ; Indescribably good
upon the panne silks of all colors.
A gown of panne; silk -.was In : grayi ¦]
with a", little blue . light .crossing it. The
modistes' will -tell you that 'panne is; like;
water.' ' It reflects ; the overhead.'":
Under "a .blue ¦ celling j a ;. gray.; panne wjll ',
Ehow/blue, under ,a;whlte,- cream. '¦¦•It Is
certainly worth studying, for. In ; this day;
of artistic dress nothing. can be lost sight'
Of. - :¦*/'., :¦ • » y .J> / ;-.,, • ; ' :
- A Sat in-Gray., -
"With* this gown, ' which was a calling '
dress In gray," there was worn "an English;
walking, hat, all of gray chinchilla.: It- was \\
entirely ' covered with ; the ; fur,*; top; ¦, sides, \
brim; • facing ] and | all-r-just j chinchilla. /But?
rglht i in.' the ; top;] lying • low ; and I nestling i
closed were a dozen pink silk roses. There'^
they were,; all- crowded together;: making
a trimming for 1 the .crown. , .They ; did not ; s
rise a whole inch above the hat,' and. there
was no nod to them," but, • oh ! how. pretty
they were!- .-;."/ ¦.'";:• y~. : : . :¦ ,.';- {
The panne cloths are sheer, j so that you
can eee ; your: fingers ' through . themviyell- "
Ing, ; you will . ; exclaim fas ¦ you r see .' them/
but the salesman wlU show. you the sheen;
and will Bay, "Panne." C^ ''SajBBi
y. In ; buying your dinner , gown or.' your ¦
street gown don't, ; dear 'jWoman "* of ;; 1902, v
economize. ..Try to ; purchase the' beautiful \
; things I and . let ¦! the } purse take*;~care of ¦
itself. •; ''Awful % counsel, % this/ . but ' " advice ; ;
that. can Tie pardoned *", ¦'...
coming; from- one who
-has: spent, the day -look- '¦¦ - ¦*.
"ing at new^, materials ;ano.
studying ¦¦} new ;. styles."!-;. The , ,'.',
word I economy; has I been \ left •{¦
i out .of the note book of the im
', porters, and one goes hunting for . ;.
, It' In vain In the domestic! economy
'of the native establishments. "C . . ;
' ,. -Yet .there ; Is _ a • ray of -light { and Bomo . '
hope to be 'gained In a. study of the pres^J
• ent modes.V f or.V: though Uheyfare v fabu
lously •¦¦ expenslve-^$500 s for i a gown, : when.;j
you. want to make $500 last aWholeyearT^"^
yet the, Imitation?, gowns, as they mayi be N :
¦ called, are so : excellent r that you forgive ''?
themfor not being ;th"e real;
T . "Imitation" Govma.']
:. To go back. to dinner 'eowns..,- A dinner.':
dress of black silk tissue, really^yery,. ex'\\
pensive,^ • embroidered ' In*, hanging ;'... trim- ;
>rnlng3'ofcut steel. Jet, turquoise v and;gun \\
. metal,' ¦an\ernbrbldery.vthat.'costv$25|;per: r
• yard, - wa3 1 exactly imitated '-by f a ; woman i
' with : only ; |25 [ to herjname .. • lnl; a "-" cheap -:
"moussellne ; de sole * and In Imitation [ tur-' *
. quolse] and ' little steel,' gun metal arid ; sll- ', ;
;\ ver Jornamerits.X costing . not • over , a (dollar i,
: a'; handful. 'To be,' sure,'!., there wero holes -
7 In '. the : "gems,"J and • some'of ; them , looked ; '¦
, r a* little^llke ¦ mere ¦ spangles,'; but . when v she ':•
had it on, the effect was yery good and the;
thought 'that • she \ had saved . nearly J500
was better. '\ v
rj The best dressmakers declare that thera
: "was j never/ a'- season • when . women; could --
i dress \ upon less, ;¦ but "• they^ 'add [ that; this ! la-/
;: only possible for. the /wonian "with* talent in £
- her. hands arid Industry, in' her flriger Vtlps.^,
¦ i It is very interesting to" watch the" evolu-f^
i tion'of the fur coats of to-aay.T.Testerday^ :'
they, were : Tbng.stO:
day.,, they'' are . cut /oft ;.
short;./ / and ",-i to-morrow
the; 'coat/; cut; .up,' J.will- ; ,
trim a' dlnner_walst.vjEgpS!K*j
A bit : of Persian 1 lamb, : of
the :, kind -"understood v as .breit-.'., ; -,
Schwartz, i, was < cut'; Into
bands/ no ;.wider than ' a' straw,"'- and E j
used ito* border.^ the upper, edges fat fa';. .
pair, of i very v deep. cuffs. ; -The sam^'fui -.¦¦.
was employed upon <theedge: of : the ivest,
¦which'^was '"a^baggy ¦ thing ;ln -chiffon; o.Y>
pouched i In' front, • but : bordered '..with 3 fur,"
The "collar/ was 'a^very J deep,'.; flat r thln?r.'
coming .way- 1 out > to \ the shoulders with ¦ tho
very /'.tiniest \ band 1 of * f ur,f upon : lt,*»"and;'
doubtless,"' if Jthere^ had been : fur enough
left: over .'jit'ij would/have "edged Uhe -.belt;
which \ was ' ' r very ' narrow ' and , pushed very
lOW.-.iC-..V'-' v -.-;¦¦./ •.'.-' "."¦-"¦v' -'-'- : ¦'""-• - y ¦'¦-:¦': ¦''..,. t
; Fur looks quite out of place at the head
ders and was the same' aft around, except
that j it -had little clasps down the -middla
of the .1 front. ¦- ; Strange i to f say. though
called a bolero,- It was ' pulled low; almost
ber for a dancing gown, but mousselin*
de sole la very much In favor. '
Continued on Page ", Sixteen.
are flowers appllqueo.
in great quantity, and.
these are placed not I in
scattered design, .. but in
bouquet shape. The stems
are below with a few roses t
scattered around their roots, as 4
though dropped from the stems
above, while higher up grow the.'
roses. . r/'v ¦¦'.' -
The Uses of Blowers.
The woman who seeks, in her considera
tion of spring suits, to avoid the lavish
use of artificial flowers, will find that not
only Is she out of style, but she Is neglect-
Ing the most effective of all the season'3
garnitures, for flowers will be to the gown
this spring what applique was a year ago;
what, passementerie was the year before,
that; what the tinsels and galloons were
three springs ago, and what stitching was'
for years to . the best modistes and the
finest gowns.
All the remnants of the years will re
appear, but they will background the
violet decorations and they will supple
ment the trimmings of lily of the valley
and the embroideries that show the gar
den flowers gathered In a bunch.
Upon your ! spring hat you will wear a
market bunch, a. gladiolus,' a rose, .some
geraniums, may be a few cherries, and
who knows but the lilac and the hyacinth
will be added to the list. These have been
kept by themselves, a thing apart, some
thing of spring delicacy, but- they may
Join the great majority this spring.^ '.'.'
If you contemplate a gown for dinners—
and what woman is there who does not
glance longingly at the dinner gowns, of
the season — then give up the idea of some
thing heavy and go In for something thin.
Do it. even though your last six dinner
gowns were thin, all made with a-trans
parent yoke and all showing the lining be
neath.
-Transparent Yokes.
Try for novelty in the transparent yoke.
Have It so thin that, your neck looks as
though uncovered and lay handsome ap
plications upon It. fastened bo as to show
off the best points of your .. throat , and
neck. ¦ Let your stock be absolutely, novel
— there are many ways of securing novelty,
—and ' around the : very upper -edge | run a
little strapping of colored ribbon. Let the
ribbon match the color motif of some part
of the vest,, or the belt, or the sash. ¦ . .
The dinner sash deserves /a chapter of,
its own. It is so very good and necessary/
There are so many sashes, ¦ too, ; all In the
best of form. The chiffon sash is charm-.
Ing. You know its possibilities; but when
you have done admiring, it then •turn to
the sash of panne and you will begin to
admire all over again.
If you really are tired of the transparent
dinner gowns, then turn to , the . pannes.
There is panne velvet, delightfully adapt
able.. You feel, that you are wearing vel
vet and you know that you look velvety, 1
yet there, is a lack, of .weight. " -:
* The mirolr pannes , are ; beautifully; be
coming to all. One of pink, made, for
Miss Fuller of Washington, shows a little
blue across its sheen and there is a won
derful mingling of ; blue andTplnk, ¦ all to
gether looking like 'grass In certain lights,
yet not at ; all ; like grass, for : there Is no
green, yet if you have an eye for .color
you will see a little" green in it. 1 . That is
what makes it so becoming. Its soft' shad-
Ings.:"'; '"¦ -..:.. +¦ . ! •¦-..'• . -' :' ¦ /
Harmonies In Pink. -
This gown Is .very plain as to the -bod-
Ice, - which is ; laid in plaits, ..Very \ tight,
running across! the; front of \ the waist.
They are loosed a little across the bust.
WITHOUT
chiffon a wo
man set ting
foot Into the>
fashionable worlfi
cf 1302 would be to despair.
There Is no one fabric so much
In evidence, no jtne material so
much needed In the schemes of dress,
no one stuff half as becoming.
Without chiffon the robes of 1902 would
be robbed of their gauzlness and the gen
eral effect of the lightness would be gone.
Chiffon Is seen both winter and sum
mer and has been called the connecting
link between these two extremes of sea
son. On Fourth of July a woman veils
herself In It and makes her stock of It:
In midwinter her gown Is trimmed with It
and her bodice Is fashioned entirely of It.
Her fur coat Is decorated with It, and her
linings partake of Its puffings, while her
underskirts rejoice In Its ehlrrlngs.
Chiffon means more to-day to the
woman of fashion than It ever did before
and the prophets say that It will continue
to increase In meaning and In fashionable
growth. / ¦
The new uses to which It is put are too
many to be mentioned and too varied to
allow of description. As a veiling It now
comes In dotted form, the dots of differ
ent colors on the opposite, sides. If this
very French form of veiling cannot be
purchased ready made a woman dots It
herself, using a fine needle and much pa-
The "Ways of Chiffon.
A Queen Louise stock Is another article
ef chiffon which she wears. This Is a
long veil coming from the back of the
winter hat. often -from the back of a fur
hat. falling right out from under a much
tailed animal, and this she twists around
her neck many times until it forms a
stock. The two ends, are, now allowed to
hang down the front in stole fashion, and
of cours* these ends are embroidered.
But this Is not all the ways of chiffon.
As a bodice stuff it is so much seen that
to attempt to tell of new ways of treat
ment opens up a field lnexhaustive. , But
there Is a chiffon bodice that may be new.
It is made upon a foundation.- for chiffon
Is too sheer to go alone, and It Is shirred
every Inch, to make Inch-wide puffs.
These are attached to the under part or
lining until a waist Is formed— an entire
shirt waist, all little soft chiffon puffs.
The . Duchess of Marlborough wore one
cf these. And over It, coming well up un
der the arms, she wore a gray cloth prin
cess skirt, as lustrous as can be imagined,
¦with a wealth of arbutus embroidery
around the foot, where it decorated the
flare flounce. A petticoat, nearly all pink
chiffon, was In evidence, with a Cash of
gray In it
An odd chiffon trtmmlnp was worn by
the Duchess one day. It was one of th«
many receptions given In her honor and
the two little ones, the Marquis of Bland
ford and Lord Ivor, aged 4 and 2 years,
were present They were In British trou
sers, dear little fellows, all whlta linen
and made sailor fashion.
Her Grace's Gown.
But her Grace wore a black grown with
a looping of pink chiffon around it It
went around "the skirt in leaps, one big
puffing, tied every elx Inches with a nar
row black satin ribbon. The looping was
pink chiffon and this, tied with the black
ribbon, and draped upon the black skirt,
just at the head of the flare flounce, was
certainly pretty.
But It Is not In the ways of using chiffon
alone that this fabric is remarkable.
Much more note may be taken of the new
kinds of chiffon. These are really nu
merous, varied and wonderful in many re-
Epects.
One reads that at- the coronation ' of
TCing Edward there will be three fab
rics. One is ermine, one is minever— if a
fur can be called a fabric— and the third
is chiffon.
They are trying to get a new name for
It and are succeeding part way. The
new gauzes are really " the '. old chiffons
under a new name and" the heavily deco
rated gold and silver tissues . are j really,
when you come to look at them, our 10
year-old friend— chiffon!
A magnificent skirt to be . worn at on«
of the beautiful* functions arranged 7 for
her Grace will be a. very thin Bklrt," per
haps mousseline de foie. It is so sheer
that it really, lacks a name. But upon
the skirt, which Is a very long one, there
over the hips. »»©\
«o» with something 1 ox
a fur girdle, with about
the same amount of fu?
above as below the belt.
It Is reaching the stage again
when a woman can take off *ier
lamp shade and wear It, to a par
ty. The ' new party skirts ar* et
¦ dancing* length and consist of many
"Wrti, ©f different tengths. er looped to
look go. They are of different colors and
trimmed variously, just"* In cood lamp
shad* fashion.
Go-mis for Parties,
In "party" gewns— for.the old-fashioned
name has been revived— there are to be
two ' extremes. There will be the very
plain and very, acant eowna, the Prlscilla
type, and the fluffy one. In the same co
tillon on© will see the girl in turquoise)
panne with her skirts hugging her hip*
end nothing but plainness noticeable,
dancing elbow to elbow with the" fluffy
skirted girl. The latter will be a masa
of rufflea. She will "cascade" around tha
feet and her skirts will be short enough
to allow her to trip the light fantastic
without coming: out a bed of rags, -
The trying part will come, not upon th«
edge of her grown, but upon the sides, for
the weight of the embroideries and the
garnitures will pull down the chiffons
and make them tear, 'Not even grena
dines, those tough stuffa, will withstand
the strain put upon them and you will
find them pulling apart Just when they
ought to stay whole— and Just where th«
holes show most— upon the hips.
One black dancing frock Is a necesstty
with every woman. It la a gown upon
which she can fall back. If Invited out
much, and the styles are planned In such
wise that sho can by making a certain
few changes In It wholly alter Its appear,
ance.
Young girls . consider It very smart ta
own one black evening gown, and they
dance in it, quite reveling In the novelty.
The accepted thing is a skirt In black
lace trimmed with embroidery and Jots
or gems over a skirt of black. The all
black effect must be preserved, except for
the glitter of the trimmings.
A "Washington Frock.
'A sown worn by a "Washington gtrl at
a little flrst-of-the-year dance was In
black filet lace without Jeweled em
broidery of any kind. The skirt
was made over another skirt,
the second one of black net
lace. A third black skirt,
the undermost one, was
of black taffeta.
Black peau de sole ts
altogether too som-
.' ¦¦•. ¦¦l±^:\'-:.' •". ,; h-r-J: :¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ - :'¦ ¦ -.rJ t .-..
14
J'-:'«t a Iae« flounce, but
ttz softness koon rec
onciles It to its position,
little croup of fur tails
-,-j the shoulder of a lace
waist and occurring / in the
rery middle of m ehou of duch
ess was seen upon an evening bo
.dice and a bunch of tails ornament
floSce! 16 Per^ Pa * * dee P :^»
/^^T 0 "^ ftir^ands can be employed upon
die finest and lightest of eoras and as
TeUn7th fMl tt «'"PHi is abroad in
'-, L^ tten -get out your old fur coat
r JT < i rn i?" Spot3 co »a*-and cut npt
h« hi.!T hO t 11 ™** h « muff over
1L. d 5. nd wor9 u a» a bolero
U "f. W York. A fur bolero,
nun*, tco, tras seen at an after
noon affair, when the wearer
was gowned in brown cloth
• the color of mink.
The bolero was with
out sleeves or shoul-
CHIFFONS
FINE FABRICS
AND JEWELRYnights at one camp an' some nights "at
another, keepln* cases on the deaLV ,, t
. "It's at. one of my camps one ~ evenln'
when. I crosses\up :flrst with -this , yere
Hardrobe. • His son, Bloojacket, Is I with
him. " Hardrobe himse'f is mebby. goln'-dn
fifty, while Bloojacket -that a-way ain't
more'n 'say twenty-one, c Shore, '-they're
out for cattle, too;^them v savages has : a
heap of cattle, . an' they -nacherally 'finds
ag* inst- e ?; stiff :- game the ; way things is
mixed 7up,v I " yields'; conse'nt. ¦ Which 1 1
yields -the more pleasant* for; if ear, Blnce I
drive3 .through the Osage': country now. an'
then." this • yere f Hardrobe i an' , his.; heirs
plays. even •byJstarri'pedin',' nay-'cattlesome
eyenln'-lf : I ;dbn't.' : .Thar's nothin'^ like -a
dash'- of' se'f . interest ; that; a-way, to", make
a : gent J plumb ; urbane, i an', so,"" as ; I • relates,
I invites Hardrobe an' Bloojacket to' make
: -: i -¦ a- v-w (. --a i<--'>'"l' ¦¦'¦ -. -;, vvv>3..". f v..'
with \ notions : agTnst; an* then | aversions
will; simmer. an'* subside | ontil! he's frlond
!y ; f with folks he ; once honed ' to • shoot on
tight.' : If. turns : out ' that a-way. about me
an'- this yere Hardrobe ; Injun ah'. his son
Bloojacket. '.>\Vhat;. he'ps," .' no V doubt, V is
they're 'capar'soned. like folks,' with big
hats,*; bloo. shirts, trbwsera, cow-laiggln's,
boots * an' j spurs, ) an'. ' all plumb "\ ready | to
enter a^civillzed parlor at the drop of the
. "You-all can put down a bet I'm no idle
an' listless spectator that ' blizzard time;
which 1 grows speshul active at the close.
It shore behooves us Red River gents of
cattle to stir. about a whole lot. Them
•wild-ridtn.' knlght-errants of the rope an'
epur who cataracts themse'fs upon ,us
with their driftin' cattle doorin* sa:a tem
pest looks like they're plenty cap'ble of
drivin' our steers no'th with their own
sort o' makin' up them deefidencles of the
Btorm. I brands over 4000 calves the spring
before, which means I has at least 20,000
head— or five times what I brands^-skalll-"
hootin* an' liybernatin' about them ranges.
An* bein* as you-all notes I'm '-some
strong on -cattle, an* not allowin' none for
them Yellowstone adventurers to drive
come of 'cm No'th none, I've got about
•leven outfits at work overhaulln' the
herds an' roundups- an* ridin' 'round and
through 'em. weedln'.. out my brand an'
throwin' 'em back on my Red River range
a whole loL» Shore, . I. has to do it, or
them YcllowetoBt sharps would have stole
me pore a« Job's turkey. ' ,
, "Whatever Is a 'outfit' you asks? It's a
chuck wagon with four mules an' a range'
¦cook, with two hoss hustlers to hold the'
ponies, eight riders an' a bunch of about
seventy ponles;-eay • seven to a rider.
once attends where. a lecture sharp holds
forth as to that Napoleon's retreat from
Moscow. Nacherally I sets silent through
them hardships. But : l shorely could, if
I'm disposed to become a disturbln* ele
ment or is out to cut in cantankerous an'
disppotatious on another , gent's game
have showed him' them French experi
ences that Moscow time is mere Sunday
school excursions compared with these
yere trips the boys makes when on tha
breath of that six weeks' blizzard they
swings south with their herds. Them
ycoths. some of 'em, Is over 8C0 miles from
their home ranch; an' I must say she's
the first an' only time I ever crosses up
with a Yellowstone brand on the Lower
Canadian.
gins the catherin' of the cattle an' the
slow northern drive of the return. Which
the spring overtakes 'em an' passes 'em
on Us way to the no'th, an' the grass k.
green an' deep before they're back on
them ranges ag'in.
"It's a great ride, says you? Eon. I
"The chuck wagons ' of a thousand
brands ain't two days behind the boys,
an' by no time after that blizzard sim
mers thar's campfires burnin* between the
Canadian an' the Red, an' reachin' all
along from the Choctaw country as far
west as the Panhandle. Shore, every cow
puncher makes for the nearest smoke,
feeds t.p an' recooperates. An' then be-
twines an', twists between: an' final, you
runs up 1 on boys along the Canadian who's
come from the Upper Missouri. An' as
for cattle! It shorely looks like it's one
onbroken herd from Fort Elliot to where
the Canadian opens into the Arkansaw. -
» cussin". They comes spatterin' through
the rivers, an' swoopin' an' whoopin' over
the divides that -lays between. They
• crosses the Heart an' the Cannon Ball an'
the Cheyenne an' the White an' the Niq
brara an' the Platte an' the Republican
an' the Solomon an' the Smoky an' the
Arkansaw, to say nothin' of the hundreds
of forks an* . branches which flows an'
folks is as Colonel Sterett says 'a leetle
drinkin'.' Then when the public clamors
for more she sings something which be
gins: '
Thar's many a boy who once follows the herds
On the Jones an' Plummer trail;
Some dies of drink, an' gome of lead,
An' some over kyards, an' none In bed;
But they're dead game sports, so with naught
but rood words
We elves 'em "Far'-vell an* hall."
"Son, this yere sonnet brings down
them memries; an they so stirs me I has
to vamos that hurdy-gurdy to keep my
emotions from stampedin' into tears.
Shore, thar's soft spots in 'me, same as
other gents; an* that melody a-makln* of
said references to the old Jones an' Plum
mer days comes mighty clost to meltin*
everything about me but my guns . an'
spurs.
"This yere cattle business ain't what
It used to be: no more is cow punchers.
Things Is gettin' effete. Now it's a case
of chutes an' brandin' pens an' wire
fences an' ten-mile pastures, an' thar's
so little" ropin* that a boy don't have
practice enough to know how to catch
his pony.
"In them times I'm dreamin* of all this
was different. I recalls how we frequent
works a month with a beef herd, say of
four thousand head, out on the stark an*
open plains, ropin' an' throwin' an' run
nin' a road-brand onto 'em. Thar's a
dozen different owners' brands in the
bunch, an' we needs a road-brand com
mon to 'em all that a-way, so in case of
stampedes on our trip to the no'th, we
shore knows our cattle ag'in, an' can
pick 'em out from among them local cat
tle which mebby Ihey takes to minglin*
v/ith. It',s shorely work, markin' big
strong steers that a-way! Throwin' a
thousand-pound longhorn with a six hun
dred-pound cayuse is shore tellin' on all
involved, an' a gent who's pltchin' his
1 ope halfway industrious will wear down
five broncos by sundown. '"¦
"But I notes that you-all Is some im
patient about how I cuts the trail of that
onfortunate Osage buck Hardrobe. I'm
gettin' along towards the event a heap
clow, I admits, but we'll corral them de
tails presently.
The UUck oF\ Hapdro.be-
Corrrlctt. X9C2. by Robert Howard Russell.
WHICH I tells this yere narxatif
first, back in one of them good
old Red Light evenin's when
it's my turn to talk."
The Old Cattleman follow
ing this remark, considered me for a mo
ment In silence. I had myself been hold
ing: the floor of discussion in a way both
rambling and pointless for some time. I
had spoken of the luck of Indians and
the latter's superstitions and other sub
jects various and sundry. My discourse
had been remarkable perhaps for em
phasis rather than accuracy; and this,
too, held a purpose. It was calculated to
rouse my raconteur and draw him to a
story. Did what I say lack energy, he
might go to eleep. in his chair: he had
Cone this more than once when I failed
to interest. Also, if what I told were
wholly true and wanting in any ripple of
romantic error, even though my frienu
did me the compliment of vrakefulness,
he would make no comment. Neither
was he likely to be provoked to any re
cital of counter experiences. At last,
however, he gave forth the observation
which I quote above, and I saw that I
had brought him out. I became at once
wordless," and lighting a cigar leaned
back to hear him through.
"As I observes," he resumed, follow
ing a considerable pause which I was
jealous to guard against word or ques
tion of my own. "I tells this tale to Col
onel Sterett, Old Man Enrlght an* the
ethers one time when we're restin' from
them Wolfville labors of ours an* Is re
nooin' our yooth with nose paint in the
Red Light bar. Jest as you does now.
Dan Bcgss takes up this yere question
of luck •where Cherokee Hall abandons
It, an' likewise the subject of them sav
eges where Texas Thompson lays 'em
down, an' after conj'inin' the two in * a
way I deems a heap footlle. allows plenty
dogmatic that luck, for good or bad that
a-way. Is confined strictly to the paleface,
eaid aborigines not knowin' sufficient to
become the target of them vicissitoodes
ci fortune, excellent or otherwise.
" 'Which Injuns is too Ignorant to have
what you-all calls "luck," ' says Dan, an'
as I says, he's '¦ttighty dogmatic over it.
'That gent who's to be affected either up
or down by "luck" has got to have some
mental cap'billties. An* as Injuns don't
answer no sech deescriptlons. they ain't
r.o more open to "luck" than to enlight'n
ir.ent. "Luck" an' Injuns, when took to
gether, is shorely preepost'rous! It's like
talkln' of a sycamore tree havin' luck.
Gents, it ain't in the deck!' An* tharupen
Pan seals his views by demandin* of
K'.ack Jack the bottle -with glasses all
'round. . '. . J
" "When it comes to that. Boggs.* says
Colonel Sterett. as he does I>ab honor "?&
four fingers of Valley Tan, "an" talkln' of
luck, rm yere to offer odds that the most
poignant hard-luck story on the list is the
ttory of them Injuns as a race. An' I
won't back-track their game none further
than Columbus at tha.t. Which the sav
ages may have found life a summer's
camp prior to the arrival of that Eytalian
mariner an' the ornery Spaniards he sur
rounds himse'f with. But from the looks
of the tabs, the deal since then has shore
ly gone ag*Inst 'em. Them Injuns don't
vrin once. White folks, that a-way, of
themse'fs Is bad luck incarnate to Injuns.
The savage never so much as touches 'em,
or listens to 'em. or Imitates 'em. but he
perishes right thar. "Which the paleface
$horely kills said Injuns on the nest! as
my old granddad used to eay:'
"It's a sharp winter an' cattle dies
that fast they simply defies the best ef
forts of ravens an' coyotes to get 'away
with the supply." Thar's one time when
the ravens is a plumb month behind on
eyes alone. An' eyes,- bein' from .the
standp'int of . ravens -a del'cacy, is tte
first thing them black buzzards goes for,
disdainin' all else while a eye is left.
"It'3 been blowin' a blizzard of snow
for six weeks. Them gales is from the
r.o'th an' they lashes an' whips the plains
from the Bad Lands to the Brazos.
"When the storm first prounces on the
cattle, way up yonder In the Yellowstone
country, them he'pl ess. beasts jest simply
turns their unprotestin' ¦ tails an' begins
to drift. For six weeks • that , tempest
throws itse'f. loose/ an'; night an' day.
what f cattl'ea-keeps - their.^ feet 1 - an' lives
comes -driftin* on. x " , 7" '
"Nacherally the boys comes with 'em.
Their winter sign-camps breaks up, an'
the riders turns south with the cattle.
No, they can't-do nothin'; you-all couldn't
turn', 'em 'or hold 'fcm or drive *em no'th
¦while, the storm lasts. But it's the dooty
of them punchers to keep abreast of their
brands. an'. : be thar ready the moment
that blizzard abates.
"It's shore a spectacle! For a wild an*
tossin' front of .five hundred miles, from
tvest ¦ to ¦ east, them ¦ storm-beat herds
comes driftin*. An' ridin* an' sw'arin' an'
plungin' about comes with: 'em the boys
on their broncos. No, . they don't have
nothin' more'n the duds en their backs,
an* mebby their saddle blankets an*
slickers.- But' they . kills beef to eat as
they needs it, an' the ponies paws through
the snow for 'grass,- an' they exists along
all right- For six weeks they're ridin' an'
" 'When I recalls the finish of old Hard
refce,' I eays, eort o* buttln* Into the arg
yment, the same beta* free an' open to all,
'an' I might add by way of a gratooity
in lines of proof, the finish of his son.
Bloojacket, I inclines to string my chips
elong with Colonel Bterett.'
" 'Give us the details of an* concernln*
this yere Hardrobe,' Bays Doc Peets. 'For
isyse'f. I'm prone an* eager to add to my
Information touchin* Injuns at every open-
In' .'
"As Enrlght an' the rest makes expres
sion slm'lar. I proceeds to onbuckle. I
don't claim much for Eald tale neither.
BUll, I wouldn't copper it none, for It's*
the trooth. an* the trooth should allers
be played 'open' every time. I'll tell you
all this yere Hardrobe etory as I onfolds
It to them."
It was here that my friend began look
ing about the ble hotel parlor with a
vaguely anxious eye. I saw his need and
preBBed the button.
•1 was almin' to summon my Mack boy
Tom,** he said.
When. a. moment later", his' favorite de
car.ter appeared In the hands of one of toe
barboys of the hostelry, who placed it on
0 little table at his elbow and withdrew,
the necessity for "Tom" seemed to disap
pear, and recurring- to Hardrobe. he Trent
"Hardrobe Is a Injun— a Osage buck an*
belongs to the war clan of his tribe. He's
been e<J<3!cated East a whole lot an* r»n
read In books some an* pow-wowa Ameri
can that a-way mighty near as flooent as
1 does myse'f. An' on that last p'lnt. I'll
Jest take a chance an* go as" far as you-all
Mkos that I ain't tongue-tied neither.
'"Which this yere is a long time apo.
Them is days I'm young an' lithe an'
rtronR. I can heft a pony an* I'm six foot
'wo In ray moccasins. No. I ain't so tall
by; three Inches now: old age shortens a
cent up that a-way.
"My range Is on the south bank of Red
nivor— over en the Texas side. Across on
th* no'th «s the Nation— what them map
folks calls the 'Injun Territory.* In them
«T>ocks. we experiences Injuns free an'
frequent, as our drive3 takes us plumb
ccroas the Nation from south to no'th the
v.-Hest way. We works over the old Jones
an' Plumrner trail, -which thoroughfare I
cllocflcs to former. I drives cattle over it
an' I freights ever lt-me an* iny eight
mule team. An' I shorc'y knows where
p.M the prrEss an* wood an' water Is. from
the Red River to the Flint Hills.
"Epcakin* of the Jones an' Plumrner
trail. I onca hears a dance hall girl who
volunteers some songs over In a. Tucson
hurdy-gurdy, an' that maiden sort o* dims
my Eights some. First, she gives us The
Dyin* Ranger,' the tame bcln' enough of
itself to start a sob or two; epeshul when
. "It's yere this hard-luck tale I starts in
to recount begins. „ • Which six : months
later, mebby, I hears how Hardrobe weds
a dance-hall girl over to Caldwell. Shore,
she's white, an* as beautiful as a flower
an' as wicked as a tranfler. Hardrobe
brings her to .his ranche in the Osage
country". The next tale I gets Is that this
yere Bloojacket. likewise, becomes a vic
tim to them wide-flung fac'nations of this
Caldwell dance-hall damsel, an*. that him
an' Hardrobe falls out; said 'Hardrobe
goln' on 1 the ¦ warpath an* '. shootin' Bloo
jacket up a whole lot with a Winchester. 1
No, he don't land the boy at that; Bloo
jacket gets away : with a shattered arm.
Also. , the : word Is out that 1 Hardrobe Is
BtlU gunnln* ' for Bloojacket; the latter
havin'' gone 'onder cover nome'ers by vlr
choo of said 'pinion. As Colonel Sterett
eays, : these pore aborigines experiences
them gloomy rackets of bad luck the mo
ment ever they takes to braldin* In their
personal destinies with ., a paleface." I
don't blame *em none, 1 neither. I sees this
yere CaUhwll seraph on one o'casion my.
sa'f. an' she's shore a beauty' Also, shea
plumb aware of them 'attractions; an'
whenever' she throws the lariat ' of her
loveliness that a-way at a gent, she's due
to : fasten.
"It's mebby a month f ollowin' ; thlj dlt
•Then Hardrobe an* Bloojacket rides
over an' fixes a little Yoonlted States flag
they've .got in their war-bags to a pole
which sticks up'ards outen this yere tomb,
flyin* . said ensign as them savages allers
do, upside down.
" 'See thar,' says this Hardrobe one
day. We're in the southern fringe of the
Osage country, on Grayhoss Creek at the
time, an* he p'ints to a heap of stones
piled up like a oven an' chlmley, the same
bein' about four foot high. I saveys,
nacherally," that thar's a defunct Osage
Inside that a-way. this yere bein' the
Osage scheme of. burial. Shore! you-all
will behold them piles of stones on every
knoll an' hill in the Osage, country. 'See
thar,' says this yere Hardrobe, p'intin'.
'That's my squaw. Mighty good squaw
once; but heap dead now.'
"Son, them savages, havin' lead hosaes
that a-way, rides in on Merritt by fifth
drink time— say 'leven o'clock that morn
in'; one 'hundred miles In 'leven hours;
Bloojacket some wan an' weary for a sav
age, a-leadln' up the dance. Mighty fair
ridin' that boy Bloojacket does! Two
hundred miles in "twenty-one hours over
a dost country ain't bad! Which it's me
who says so; an' I shorely, one time an*
another, shoves plenty of scenery onder
the hoofs of a cayouse myse'f.
"About them foogltif Cheyennes? Oh,
Merritt moves up to the War Bonnet, like
Stanton su'gests, corrals 'em,, kills all
their ponies an' drives 'em back to the
agency on foot. Thar's nothin' so lets
the whey outen a hossback Injun like
puttin* him a-foot that a-way; an' them
Cheyennes settles down In gloom an*
peace Immediate. • *.' .
1 "While this yere Hardrobe an' his aon
Bloojacket is with me, I'm impressed
partic'lar by the love they b'ars each
other. Which their affections that a-way
would do credit to whites; I shore never
does cut the trail of a father an* son who
jest simply gives themse'fs up to one an
other like this . yere Hardrobe an' his
Bloojacket son. I can see, an' turn my
head the other way, that Bloojacket re
gyards that old Hardrobe parent of his
like he's the No'th Star; an' as for Hard
robe himse'f, he can't keep his eyes off
that child of his. You'd have his life
long before he'd let you touch a braid of
Bloojacket's long ha'r. Both of 'em
plumb handgome for Injuns; tall an' slim
an' quick as coyotes, with hands an' feet
(like all them Osage bucks) as little as
a woman's. Which, of course, I don't so
pryin' 'round this , Hardrobe's private af
fairs savages is plumb "sensltlf of sech
matters— but all the same I learns, inci
dental, that Hardrobe Is plenty rich for
a Injun— rich even for Osages; an'
they're, as I tells you yeretofore, the
most opulent savages which ever makes
a trail or paints their faces. Later, I
finds out that Hardrobe's squaw—Bloo
jacket's mother— is dead.
"Stanton, who's a big body of a man,
an' nacherally some road-weary, writes a
letter on the agency steps by the light of
a lantern. He tells Merritt to push on to
the War Bonnet an' he'll head them
Cheyennes off a whole lot. Then he sends
the Red Cloud interpreter an' four local
Injuns with lead hosses to pack this yere
missif back to Merritt, who's camped
waitin' at the Raw Hide Buttes. This
Bloojacket, for all he's done a hundred
miles already, declar's himse'f in on this
second excursion, to show said Interpre
ter the way. »
" 'But you-all won't last through,' says
Stanton, where he sets on them steps,
quamn* whisky an' lnvig'ratln' .himse'f. •
..;." 'Which if I don't I'll turn squaw, 1 sayn
Bloojacket, an" gettin* fresh hosses .with
the others he goes sailln' off into the mid
night. ,'" :' V' -'.. .
"Stanton, who's actln* chief of scouts as
I describes, takes four of his savages an*
lines out for the Red Cloud Agency. Bloo
jacket is one of the four. From the Raw
Hide Buttes to the Red Cloud Agency is
one hundred even miles as the crow flies
or a bullet travels. What makes it more
imp'resslf, them one hundred miles is
across a trailless country, the same bein'
as rocky as Red Doe whisky an' as rough
as the life story of a mule. Which Stan
ton, Bloojacket an* them others makes
her in twelve hours even, an' comes up,
a' plaster of dust an' sweat, to the Red
Cloud agency at midnight sharp, j Them
Cheyennes is already gone eight hours
over the . Great Northern trail. :
handkerchief. Ceasln* to rope for rea
sons,' however, it's enough to- say these
savages an' me waxes as thick as hoss
thlefs. Both of .'em's been eddlcated, lik"e
I states, at" some Eastern Injun school
which the gov'ment— allers buckin' the
impossible, the gov'ment is— upholds in
them vain endeavors to turn red into
white an' make a savage Into folks.
"Bloojacket not long prior is down from
the Bad Land country himse'f, bein' he's
been servin' his Great Father as one of
Gen'ral Crook's scouts in the Sitttin' Bull
campaign. Which this Trere young Bloo
jacket—who's 'bubblin*. over with the
sperits of -exyooberant yooth that a-way
—has a • heap, of interestin' narratifs
about the 'Gray Fox,' as all them sav
ages allers calls old Crook. It's doo to
Bloojacket to say he performs them doo
ties of his as scout like a clean strain
sport, an' quits an' p'ints back for the
paternal • camp of Hardrobe in mighty
high repoote. Thar's one feat of fast
hard-ridin' that Injun performs, which I
hears from others, an' which you-all
might not find oninterestin' if I sawa it
onto you.
"Merritt with three hundred cavalry
marches twenty-five miles one mornln*.
Thar's forty Injun scouts along, among
'em this yere Bloojacket; said copper
hued auxiliaries bein'. onder the command
of Gen'ral Stan ton, as game a gent as
ever packs a gun. It's at noon; Merritt
an* this yere outfit camps at the Raw
Hide Buttes. Thar's a courier from Crook
overtakes 'em. He says that word comes
trallin' in that the Cheyennes at the Red
Cloud Agency is makin' war medicine, an*
is about to go stampedln' off to hook up
with Sittln' Bull an' Crazy Hoss in "them
Sioux croosades. Crook tells Merritt to
detach a band of his scouts to caper over
to Red Cloud an* take a look at the Chey
ennes' hand. / ¦ .
"Which five minutes goes by, If one goes
by, an' thar them two stares into each
other's eyes; an' never a word from either.
Them poker bucks keeps on with their
gamble that a-way. over onder the cot
. tonwood, an' -no one looks at the two
or seems like they heeds their existence.
Shore, them poker savages is onto every
move; but they're troo to the Injun idee
of p'liteness, an' won't cut In with even
so much as the treemor of a eyelash on
other folks's plays.
"Bloojacket an' the Caldwell beauty Is
still gazin'. At last the Caldwell beauty
goes back,, an' then slow an' shore, she
searches to- the front a eight-inch six
shooter. Bloojacket. with his exe still on
her, an' never a flicker of feelln', don't
speak or" move. The Caldwell beauty
smiles an' shows her white teeth. Then
cockin' the six-shooter, she lays the bar"l
across her left arm. an' all as solid as a
church. Her pony's gone- to, sleep with
his nose between his knees, an* the Cald
well beauty sort o* settles herse'f In the
saddle, bo's to be ready for that plunge
she knows is comln' when she turns loose
the gun. The Caldwell beauty lays out
her game as slow an* deliberate as trees;
Bloojacket lookin' on with onwinkln*
eye, while them red blanket bucks plays
along without a sign of Interest.
- •Which this yere pistol overshoots a
lot.* says the Caldwell beauty, as she
runs her eye along the sights, 'an* I must
:aim some low or I'll shore make ragged
work.'
ten feet away, offers no
retort; he stands moveless as a stachoo.
Thar's a. flash an*, a crash an* a cloud oi
bloo smoke; that aroused bronco makes a
standln' Jump of twenty feet. The Cald
well beauty keeps her saddle' an' with
never a swerve or- curve goes flashln*
down the brown, sunburnt August ' trail.
When the smoke drifts aside, Bloojacket
lays thar on his side an* face, an' thar's
a bullet hole as equar* between the eyes
as you-all could set* your finger-tip.' Which
he's dead— dead without a motion; while
them poker bucks plays ca'xnly on."
' My venerable friend came to a fall stop.
Alter a respectful pause I ventured an in
quiry. •
"And the Caldwell beauty V I said.
"It ain't- a -week when she's ag*m tha
¦tar of that Caldwell hurdy-gurdy whero
she ropes up Hardrobe first. Her laugh
Is a3 loud an' as free, her beauty as pro
foundly dazzlin* as before; she swing3
through twenty quadrilles In a evenln.*
" from 'Bow to your partners' to 'All take a
drink at the bar'; an" It she's preyed on bv
them Osage tragedies, you shore can't tell
vision In the house of Hardrobe whan t
runs up on him In person. I crosses his
trail in one of them little Jim crow res
tauraws you-all finds now an' then in ths
Osage country. Hardrobe an' me shakes,
an* says 'How!' an' then he camps down
ag*ln at a table where he's feedln' oa
fried antelope an' bakln' powder biscuit.
I'm standln* at a bar across (he wickeyup
from Hardrobe. *
"Just as I sets down the bottle, thar's
the crack of a Winchester to the r*ar of
the j'int. an' as I turns, Hardrobe goes
onto the floor as dead a Osage as ever
transpire in that tribe. /In the back door,
with one arm in a sling, an* a rifle that
still smokes, ca'm an' onmoved like them
Injuns allers is, stands Bloojacket
" "My hand is forced.' he says, as ho
passes me his gun; 'it's shorely him or
me! One of us wore the death mark an*
had got to go.'
" 'Couldn't you-all have gone with* CrooK
agMn?* I Bays. "Which you don't nave to
infest this yere' stretch of country at alL
Thar*s no hobbles or sidelines on you;
none whatever.*
"Bloojaeket makes no reply, an* hii
copper face gets expressionless an' plumb
inscrootable. I can 6ee through, how
ever; it's the hobbles of that Caldwell
beauty's Inflooence that's holdln* him.
j "Bloojacket walks over to where Hard
robe's layin' dsad an* sqrt o* straighten*
him 'round— lalgs and arms— an* places
his big white cowhat over his fae#.
Thar's no more sign of feelln*. whether
love or hate, in them eyes of Bloojacket
while he performs these yere ceremonies
than if Hardrobe's a roll of blankets. But
thar's no disrespects neither; Jest a great
steadiness. When he has him composed
out straight, Bloojacket looks at the re
mainder for mebby a minute. Then h«
shakes his head.
" "He was a great man.' says Bloofacker.
p'intin' at his dead father with his good
hand; 'thar's no more like him among the
Osages.* . .
"Tharupon Bloojacket wheels on th*
halfbreed who runs the beanery, an*
who's standln' still an' scared, an' says:
" 'How much does he owe? Then h«
pays Hardrobe's charges for antelope
steaks an' what chuck goes with it. an*
at the close of # them fiscal op'ratlons re
marks to the halfbreed— who ain't sayin*
no more'n he can* he'p: 'Don't touch belt
nor buckle on him; " you-all knows me!*
An* I can see that halfbreed restauraw
party 13 out to obey them mandates a
whole lot.
"Whatever becomes of Bloojacket?
Which if you'll redooce yourse'f to atten
tion, son, I'm reckonin' on tellin' you.
Bloojacket gives himse'f up to the Osages
an* Is thrown loose on p'role. Them sav
ages ain't got no calaboose; no savage*
has, bein' too Ignorant for bars an' bolts
that a- way. So when a buck is charged
with murder, or whatever is that felony
he commits, he allers goes lopln* 'round
plumb loose an* permlscns. an* nothin* t»
detain him but bis Injun eddlcation. But
that'a plenty; thar's never a record of
one of 'em runnin' away. No, they goes
romancin* about, footloose an' free as. tha
ravens; but they shows down to be tried,
an* later they walks in an* is shot to
death onmurmurin'ly, wherever an*
whenever them leadln' bucks who's deal-
In' the trial-game for the tribe decides.
"But Bloojacket never gets tried. It's a
week later, an* he's standln' in front of
the agency, sort o* xnakln* up some views
touchin' his destinies. He's all alone,
though forty foot off four Osage bucks is
settin' together onder a cottonwood play
in* Injun poker— the table bein* a red
blanket spread on the grass — for two bits
a corner. These yere sports i In their
blankets an' feathers, an' rifflin* their
greasy deck, ain't eayin' nothin' to Bloo
jacket, an' he ain't sayin' nothin' to them.
Which Jest the same them children of
nacher don't like the idee of downin' your
old gent none; an* It's plumb apparent
Bloojacket's already exiled a lot. A3 he
stands thar roominat'n', .with the hot
August sun beatin* down, mebby thar's
a atmosphere of sadness to go with this
Bloojacket. But If thar is, you-all would
nave to guess at it; his countenance Is
shorely as ca'm as on that murderln*
evenln' In the halfbreed's restauraw.
"Bloojacket la still thar. an* them sports
onder the cottonwood Is still gruntln*
over their aoker, when thar conies the .
patter of a bronco's hoof. Thar's a small
dust cloud, an' up sweeps thla yere Cald
well beauty; which Colonel Sterett calls
her the 'casus belli' when I relates this
tale that Wolfvllle time. She comes to a
halt in front of Bloojacket.
"That savage glances' »p with a in
qulrin' eye, an* the glance is as steady
E3 the hills about him. The \ Caldwell
beauty — it seems she disdains mourain'—
la robed like a rainbow: an* she an* Bloo
jacket, him standln', she on her bronco,
looks on each other plenty Intent.
"Son, as you-all must ' have long ago
tracked! up. on the information, it's shore
sooperfluous ; f or :• me to , su'gest that a
gent gets used toothings.' Which he gets
used frequent to ¦ things that he's born
my camp their headquarters,- like I'd been
yearnln'- for the chance. Which they ac
cepts a heas grateful.
These yere 'leven outfits, as I calls 'em, is their bands an* bunches gets all tangled
ecatteredfeast an' west- mebby she's* a' up with , them Yellowstone aliens : doorin'
hundred miles along the no'th fringe of; the blizzard. Hardrobe an' his son Bloo
my range that time a-combln' an* jacket rides up an'^ asks, can they work
a-searchin' of the bunches' an' cuttln\ r out . with an outfit of mine.' . '.•;•. ; : • ;• •. ¦¦'¦¦
all speciments of my brand when found.- "As I -explains previous,' ¦•, I'm. a *¦ heap
For myse'f, personal, • I'm ' romancin* averse to' Injuns, ; but this yere Hardrobe
•round-on the loose like, stoppin 1 ¦{'. some is a onusual Injun; an' as he's'settin'in
15
¦¦. TBDE :; : SU NDAY^ ' v C AI/L.; ;
WOLFVILLE STORIESwho filled their galleries with foreign slg-
natures simply because they were foreign,
To-day these men buy what is good of'
every school and nation; in the finest pri-
vat© residences pictures of-American ar-
tists are hung side by side with Corots.
with Rousseaus, with Ostades, a Whistler,
a Sargent, a Broughton or an Abby.' The
vigorous, poetic and sensitive tempera-
ment of our artists has expressed itself
with every accent of every school of every
nation with the result that it has a tech-
nique universally acknowledged pre-eml-
nent, a poetic, subtle feeling and above all
a noble aspiration truly American. :
There are among the American artists
many Individual and forceful men whose -
work can compare favorably with that of •
any of the modern painters of any nation. :
Why then should not this discussion
which has been taken up terminate In-a'
result, and that result be the establishin
of a school of art which shall be known
An^erfcln 9 ' WUh the ages as :;dlstlnctl
An odd occupation and one in which the
erTrmoTh^ S'VSJKMS'nn "SK
?*nvfa!™£ot\£»rt&^t£W n&l
wSa" «f « 5.infin» u?i t^m n»S
to indfSft^ft,°wftP™ «^f^r^^i^^t
™WS^ tai^t iy «'S. cuSS eSr IJi5uiS:
without a "provenance" is Just as valu-'
able as one with, for many of the Euro-
nean exn^rtq-taup nnintirura for th«Mr ini •
herenl^aX^tlSt^Snl uiS^thB; .
history. One thing these -expertsThave to
look out for,Is a spurious "provenance,"
for like everything else there is a manu-
factory for the output of these, men are
also hired to- forge letters, bills of sale,
etc., concerning old masterpieces, but this
fraud is one of the oldest."known. '
An art journal records that not long ago '
a complete collection abundantly fortified
wlth seals and documents was sent on
to New York to Tie sold to the American
market, ,but the pictures, which were
merely copies of the originals, were, with
few exceptions, so atrociously bad that In
splte of the credentials no • one was de-
ceived. Also the forging of signatures is
an every, day occurrence. -There are men
who make a profession of-doing this, the
placing of names upon unknown worjes of
art. Many of the oldest pictures are un-.
signed, the reason 'for-this being, it Is
said, that most of-the old masters placed
their signatures upon the frame Instead
of upon the canvas as the modern paint
do. With the style of framing nelng
changed, the signature is lost or. if put
on the canvas. It being the last-thing
painted and that generally over the yar
nish, it is also the first to disappear when
the picture Is cleaned. Many of the great
painters - rarely signed their work at all.
for before they let a picture go out of
their possession. It was signed all over
with their Individuality which meant more
to them than a. written name. Amongtho
genuine signatures rarely, found are Ve
te«?i. R V b a e"^^ b"S%,?r^r I^iff;
5P&S 1"'J^Thf?^."Si Jn, nf V
?. £'i°" dayf^J^fA VJS sL gn}™F i?¦ n&,inr2
J",^-niost difficult thing.tor.its presence
J™"* ™l< a"**' «Jl? „>£"£«? T» n <rfrrii»I
."M? "¥""£« «^£5 S3?&J^PhS5fv
g:.^^ character of the^"^ " b °ld £
P^ d , lt *¦.¦«» to detract from the main
^^The first exhibition of note to welcome
!? raDnic "saTo/wnich onens^the^rk
Hopkins the evenVg of JaS
uary-9 with a reception tendered by the
members of the Art Association to the
San Francisco Camera Club. This exhi
bi£ o" I^ r e33±* *&*•
;^est. for have eomejn^epre
"«iJSS;l-1f? of Z™0*°™*/. »n
various parts of the - world, but.of. the
J«» re t c h elved <»£¦«> ™« accepted.; This
n f > e>ili i, 8 4 afe,^?,^P^ y<&at
l h ?5 e'-^ ' a^« well: wort*i studying, ftom
b? th ar Jr^ rtIst\ c <v ar, d a 'Plctorlal , polnt 41 °£
y'f^- .Jhe. exhibition, commencing the
10th > w111 be °Pen to tne Public two weeks,
Art in the local circles has been at a
standstill as-far as work Is concerned
during, the holiday season, but most • of
the studios have been crowded with buy
ers and many of the smaller canvases
have changed hands in. Christmas gifts,
G. Cadcnasso had a run on pastels,.sell
over, a dozen : of California scenes,
Pastel is always soft and effective, al
though for some reason or other few art
ists. work in it.- Many, collectors prefer
a pastel to a water, color; In fact, It is
sometimes eoual to oil. One of its dis
advantages is,»however, its liability to
damage, for the .least brush will wipe
away an entire landscape, although it is
easily repaired. One of the superior points
is that It never changes color. -Many of
the European artists work In it, although
very few of the originals ever reach this
country. *Not long ago I saw a photo
graph by a pastel by Degas, "Le Lecon de
Danse," which the German Government
recently bought for the Berlin museum.
Also one of Fritz Thaulow, a Norwegian
painter, and it is said that he Is particu
larly partial to pastels, putting as much
work upon them and charging for them,
the same price as for oil.
In Kennedy & Rabjohn's gallery. . on
Post street, there has been recently placed
a large canvas by Ada Romer Shawhan
—a Chinese jar filled with great feathery
chrysanthemums, the , composition of
which is unusual and exceedingly attrac
tive. This artist has overcome the fault
generally observed in the work of all who
paint this flower, that of making them a
glaring yellow; she has painted them in
a mellow tone with soft lines which give
a wonderfully natural appearance with
out the usual . studied effect. The back
ground is harmonious and the picture Is
one of the best floral pieces In the gal
lery.
Frank McComas, who came up for the
club exhibition, has returned to Monte
rey, where he will remain for the balance
of the winter, making some of those stun
ning water colors of the old adobes and
pine for which he has become famous.
Edith Whitefleld. whose work was much
admired In the recent exhibition held by
L.. P. La timer In the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel, has had several commis
sions for Alameda marsh scenes, for
which she Is best known. Also one of
the finest from her brush, a stretch of
marsh showing the bay in the distance,
has .been recently added to the private
gallery of Charles Lombard.
- E. W. Currier, who has been making
special studies of Chinatown, sold a num
ber of canvases. Mr. Currier is at pres
ent making a night study. In the Celestial
quarters, and a very effective piece dis
closes an old medicine man standing over
a huge copper kettle under, which a fire
Is blazing up. He holds in his hand a
stick and occasionally stirs the mixture,
which sends up little clouds of steam.
The picture and the study promise Rood
results. HARRIET QUIMBY.
WHY NOT AN AMERICAN SCHOOL OF ART?
0U> Calif ornians will tell you that
tha society gatherings of early
days were far more enjoyable af
fairs than those of the- present
time. That Is probably so, and
eeveral reasons may be assigned for it.
Society 'was smaller and was more like
one large family, not yet being divided
tip Into cliques. Then, too, the entertain
ments were df a more Informal character.
Tbera waa no. lavish display of wealth,
no aping of foreign customs, and people
wex« content to enjoy themselves in much
simpler fashion than nowadays.
Particularly was this the case during
the holiday season, when many a party
of grown people Joined in games such as
blind man's buff and third man, im
promptu charades and tableaux, entering
with zest into the redeeming of the for
feits. Foremost in all these merry gath
erings was the McAllister family. Mrs.
McAllister loved dearly to have a crowd
of young people around her and she was
ably seconded in all. her hospitable plans
by her sons Hall and Cutler and their
pietty wives.
Mrs. William M. . Gwln was a lady
whose eggnog parties were renowned and
on- New Year's eve she always gave a
merry dance, ¦when that insidious concoc
tion wao the feature of the evening's
pleasure. On the other hand, that old
pioneer. Colonel J. D. Stevenson, was a
famous brewer of punch, and a Christ
mas o/ a New Year's eve party at the
Steverfsons' was sure to be jolly. *
In fact, merriment was the key note at
aU social gatherings in the "good old
days." Who in these days' of form and
elaborate ceremonial can fancy the do
light experienced by matron and maid
alike, beaux old and young, over punch
ing the bag at a New .Year's eve party
given by Mrs. S. F. Butterworth, whose
lovely daughters, Cora and Blanche (now
Mrs. Sidney V. Smith and Mrs. Louis
Haggln) ably seconded their genial moth
er in her hospitalities. This game con
sisted of two huge paper bags, which
were hung side by side In the archway of
the folding doors; one bag contained
gifts, the other flour. Each guest in turn,
being blindfolded and provided with a
long stick, proceeded to "punch the bag"
— L e., try to make a hole in the side and
release the contents. In the event of the
gift bag: being punched, the article fall-
Ing at their feet became the property of
the lucky puncher. When the bag of flour
was struck the result— to the "striker"—
was not quite so pleasant. Imagine
Judges Hoffman and Hager, Lloyd .Tevis
and J. B. Haggln. General Halleck and
even Bishop Kip scampering like school
boys to get away from the white shower.
Apropos of the Haggina, the mother of
the present youthful wife of the veteran
millionaire— Miss Laura Sanders— was in
her girlhood the beauty of the ffaggln-
Tevis connection. She - resided with her
sister, who was Mr. Haggin's first wife,
and who, In true Southern style, always
gave an. eggnog party on New Year's
eve. Mrs. Tevls. the sister, usually gave
a small dance during Christmas week.
The family of Colonel Ransome was
quite renowned for unceasing hospitality
which, at the holiday season, took, the
form of Christmas tree parties and dances
on New Year's night. Dr. and Mrs. A.
J. Bowie, the parents of the popular beau
Allen St. John of to-day, always gave a
big New Year's eve dinner, when "ter
rapin" and eggnog were features of tha
menu.
A New Year's eve party given by the
family of Isaac Friedlander was noted
for • its Jollity, for fun reigned supreme.
They had large rooms which were twell
adapted for the impromptu charade of the
four seasons, which was the "hit" of the
evening. Hall McAllister tn" his shirt
sleeves, with a wreath of artificial flow
ers on his head, personated Spring; his
brother Cutler, in a long dressing gown
and fur cap, « was Winter; Colonel Fred
Sawyer as Autumn held a bundle of hay
under - his arm and', wore a garland of
poppies around his shoulder; Judge Hager
as Summer carried a huge fan and wore
white draperies. They circled -round and
round the room amid the plaudits of the
guests, the carpet-bag carried by Cutler
McAllister being a special point of amuse
ment . : • ' . - ' ; *"" "
W. C. Ralston, the banker, was the
most munificent and untiring host Cali
fornia has . ever ? known, even in early
days, before the era of Belmont. One of
the most unique of his l many frolics was
chartering a steamboat In which he took
a party of his f fiends to -a New Year's
eve ball in Sacramento. 'Another banker
of that period, Julius' May (Rothschilds'
agent), always gave a "Saballion" party
on New Year's ave. They were, however,
chiefly stag affairs. The Julius Bandmanns
were also givers of St. Sylvester feasts a
decade later. The Swiss Consul, Francis
Berton, and his handsome wife, to whose
residence on Mission street a huge music
room : had been built, gave notable New
• Years' gatherings, generally suppers and
dancing, many of their most elaborate
- feasts being in honor of foreign naval
officers. . " . - = • - -
- Major S." J. Hensley of the Steam Navi
gation Company, a magnate of that per
iod, gave a water party during one holi
day week which goes, as old Calif ornians
claim,, to prove that climatic conditions
1 for such affairs were much more favor
able then than now. / - ;
• When Mrs. Henry- Barroilhet (nee
Rabe) essayed to enter the sacred portals
of San Francisco's then Four Hundred,
she wisely chose the holiday season as the
CHIFFONS. FINE FABRICS AND JEWELRY.
Continued from Page Fourteen.
The all-black dancing skirt is short, for
Its delicacy forbids that it be permitted -
an opportunity to tear. Pedestrian length
one would call It, if it were a walking
skirt, dancing length for evening, v^-
There Is one comfortable reflection- to
be found In a study of • the , gowns . of . the •
coming year. though beginning as
transparencies and without: much fit, or,
one might say, trimness, they will not
easily show wear and tear.: , They can be-j
mended and\darned and.'' patched and-* 1
pieced, and they will look .quite nice 1
through it all.; This is /very comforting
when one has a" lace "gown; pretty well
torn, and is out looking for chiffon roses
warranted to cover the holes. J '¦_':':. -
Hoses of all ' sizes, and -.one might say '
of all shapes, can be- obtained, and cer
tainly In all colors. For bad patchings
the black rose* are best; and it "can cer
tainly be. said that they are the smart
est,, for Queen' Alexandra wears them. in
preference to pink roses, and the Queen •
can do nb wrong. '
Slim Effects.
The woman with too much figure Is to
be pitied this season. "What can she do
to be saved? Well, there are various pos
sibilities. The first thing that suggests it
self is the new corset that laces the abdo
men perfectly, flat and sends a 200-pound
figure elsewhere.-. If this fs too .severe,
then there are : the usual resources for;,
slim effects— using: Dr.- Banting's methods -
meanwhile. >. -'_ -v.'t.-". '. ¦'-.'- . ¦-•'•:'
It is only the indolent woman who la
too fat nowadays, and;the modistes have
come to dread her, fpr^not only Is sho
-impossible to fit, but she" objects to stand-
Ing and positively will not walk upstairs.
Sho dHnks .- a j deal \ of ; water, ;• puffs : : and -
makes ; herself red' in the -face telling' you f
how. little she eats. 1 ;- Now,' fat is made of;
food and not of air, 'and ¦ "if the fat woman i'-,
were put upon; the_ diet of • her- slim nelgh-J
, bor "for, a month "¦' her ' flesh ', would . melt?.
: away. : : ".'' ..-'"T. T5 1'":.. "^*^-/ '"f£<"" : '" ' ''<*£
This ls.partof a sermon t^on' dress, 1 this *,
talk of reduction methods,* f or rwithoutif
.a good shape nothing ', looks "well.'^'iTry-- to ?<",
¦ dress up . something that is ' deformed ¦ and j
< you .. will. ?gret: the idea.. ' Un til * stomachs":'
\come • In style and . 44-inch bus ts are - ad- %
'mired, then somethings must J be done, by .
the women who own them,- for they, are
not in style now. ; -'-\;, ..¦¦¦¦., ¦¦¦ ¦¦-.•-
The scented dinner gown Is a pretty ex-' ;
travagance of spring. . ; It costs money to:
smell nicely, but there is really, no more.
attractive feature ahout a woman's gown. .
Sachet is used, noCIn the lining,: but; in
little bags which are disposed in conven-'.
lent. places upon^the gown.; The latest-
French wrinkle Is to stuff the hollow, just •
¦at the. front of the shoulders, with a bag
In which there lies a deal" of violet sachet.,-
The muffs are perfumed 'with it and a
few little bags are concealed in the stock
and in the front of the gown. The French '
make this .as much a - feature of good I
srownlns: as eood linlnzs and the manner
In which the up-to-date dresses are
scented would make more than a fashion
volume. ¦ i ¦ ."¦-.-
'. Gowns and Odors.
It Is not the real thing to use always the
sameperfume.- One ffets tired of It, but
a • variety i is much „ liked. . One : day : a
violet odor, next day a cut rose, next day
pink, and so on through- the list of sweet
smells. The French, too with "an ideal
delicacy, match the ; lining to the odors
and jUhat. lovely daintiness .of - person
which- is so noticeable wherever it exists
is detected at once. '
. There /is- no more desirable trait* of
dress . than ', absolute neatness. That mas
culine peculiarity: which,- compels -,.»' the
throwing aside of all "annents.wom more
than a day or so.'and in the case of col
lars and cuffs an ' hour or . so, is j rarely
found in the feminine persuasion, yet.lt is
one of ¦ the most attractive ¦ features - of
fashionable . gqwnlng, and one ¦ which tha
couturieres are preaching- and teaching?.
They, advise the wearing of satin and silk
cuffs that can be slipped off and sent'; to
the cleaners and they will Bhow you lists
of materials .that can be tubbed, though
you~ would never suspect such plebeian
possibilities. ¦¦••.. * ' - • . . ¦ . • . •
The cashmere shawls that are -never
washed and the laces that are shaken out,
generation after ; generation, world with
out end, are now being . cast aside for
pretty silk crepes that can be cleaned
and winter laces that can go to the laun
dry.. ! '
' The pleturesqiw era is undoubtedly here,
but.with.it there will come the era. of
neatness, and for a combination of these
the would-be woman of fashion ran than k
those who hold the destinies of her gowns
In the hollow of their good right hand. -
*^f LMOST for the first time the ques
f I tlon of a- distinctly American
r—i school of art has been seriously
I taken up and discussed both here
\ JL and abroad. . There is an English
school, a Dutch, a French; why not, then,
an American? Is not the work of many
of our American artists peculiarly dis
tinctly* and Individual with little trac
ing of American influence or of Parisian
technique?
Have they not attacked subjects that
few but Americans have attempted— for
Instance, the Indian, the Rockies or Ni
agara and have not the creators of
these pictures been recognized abroad and
their work taken as a representative of
an American type?
For years past foreigners have long
been acquainted with painters from
America who went to Paris and showed
their remarkable faculty of quickly as
similating the teachings and Influence of
Europe, but those students who remained
in Europe merged themselves more or
less completely in the new environment
and stamped out any tendency to assert
their Americanism. Of those who re
turned to America they, too,' carried away
with them the Europeanlsm that had
been absorbed, consequently the paintings
they sent to the expositions were but the
reflex of the French, of. the, German or
of the English painters. There was noth
ing to distinguish the American art; even
the painters themselves had lost the ac
cent of their mother tongue and spoke In
the echo of the Europeans.
But In the last few years condition*
are changed. The foreign artists have
been forced to consider the possibility of
a new school and the foreign critics are
vigorously discussing It, for the exposi
tion of 1900 contained an American sec
tion which could not be passed over
(slightingly. A dignified consideration
without a patronizing tone pervaded all
the Parisian criticisms and foreign re
views. The pictures submitted were no
longer the reflex of Europe; they were
at last representatives of the difference
which the American environment steadily
impresses' upon those who live and paint
at home. A New York critic who at-
tended the exposrtfon writes: "On view
ing the American section in the Paris
Exposition one is conscious of a sobriety
and earnestness, a' simplicity— in fact, a
more obvious connection in the Ameri
can work than In that of the French sec
tion as a whole. The Americans do not
as of other years seem" to be painting in
evidence to some vogue; still 'less with a
purpose of creating one, they did not
thresh about for motives which should
electrify or thrill and prove brief sensa
tions, nor do they seem to be bent upon
exhibiting the particular -advantage of
this or that method of technique. Their
work for the most part is unassuming
and straightforward, penetrated with
realism and tempered with poetlo feeling,
not less suggestive of the true painter
like way of conceiving the subject be
cause It was exeouted with so little de-
Bire to exploit the, mere facility of brush
work, yet showing a sound and advanced
acquisition in technique. In fact, . the
American work shows superior to that of
Norway, with the fresh vigorous spirit
of which it otherwise had so much' In
common.'* ' ¦_ ¦ • ' -
A foreign review says "that the quali
ties of earnest force, of directly straight
forward vision and strong treatment evi
denced In the American work of the
Paris Exposition almost forces one to the
conclusion that there is a possibility in
the near future of a distinctly American
school." _ -
True If Is tha^.our country is young/' It
cannot expect. to compete all at once with
tliose of Europe that have passed through
centuries and centuries of changes culmi
nating at last in complete civilization. But
art in America has advanced and will con
tinue to become more serious for, though
we have no leisure class, no kings, as had
the older countries, to stimulate art and
its followers, few corporations or churches
that have offered scope for an American
artist's skill, we have still collectors, too
few as yet, but those few are a keen eclec
tic emulating set of men who gradually
are beginning to make their powers for
good and the advancement in our ; circle
felt. The men of wealth, the collectors,
the connoisseurs are .taking a new stand—
they no longer follow in the footsteps of
their grandfathers and great-grandfathers
HOLIDAY FESTIVITIES
AMONG THE EARLY DAY
FOUR HUNDRED
THE SUNDAY CALL.
time and a ball as the medium for her
social plunge, and securing the late Mrs.
Hall McAllister as her society sponsor
issued her invitations with Mrs. McAllis
ter's card inclosed. The effect was magi
cal.. Mrs. Barroilhet, who was hitherto
almost unknown socially, became in a
moment famous, and the ball was a great
success. '
A house noted for the Jollity .of Its gath
erings at holiday time was that of Mrs.
William Hooper.,, who had able assistants
in her son, Willie Little, and her daugh-#
ter Augusta. The latter, as Mrs. Felhany
Ames of to-day, keeps up the family tra-(
ditlon for hospitality. The Hoopers were\
much giveV to holiday week gatherings, >
when the amusement consisted of gamosl
of various kinds, dancing and supper. g
:The late Ed Sheldon, who gave suchj
dainty bachelor dinners and suppers tod
his lady friends, and Ed Greenway.j
Peter Martin and Harry Holbrook, who*
shine as hosts, are by no means pioneers t
ill that line. Probably the first who can
lay claim to being bachelor hosts were
Messrs. Alfred Godeffroy and William
Sillem, the pioneer partner lumber mer
chants, who between 1S55 and 1S60 kept
Bachelors* . Hall together out on Powell
street, - near Green, and. gave many a
merry party, to the ladies of that day.
Then there was F. L. A. Ploche, the
French capitalist, -who delighted to en
tertain musical stars at his bachelor
abode on Stockton street, and to • whom
he always presented some article of Jew
elry as a memento of the occasion. As
for Instance his New Year's eve supper to
Mme. Parepa Rosa, when she found a
magnificent bracelet hidden In the fold of
her, napkin at the supper table.
In noting these festivities 'of the holl
iJay season, one of the chief pleasures —
to the ladies at least— must not be omit
ted, which was the New Year's day calls
made by the. men upon their lady friends,
and to It many a belle looked forward
the whole year round.' Calling began
about 11 a. m. and lasted, with slight in
terruption, until ;far into the evening. It
was like the "tea" of the present day. In
that the lady of the house was surround
sd by a bevy of lovely "assistants," but
unlike in that men only were the visitors.
The call lasted from two to ten minutes,
the stay being largely regulated by th»
length of the man's calling list. Refresh
ments more or ¦ less elaborate, were>
spread on. a- table in the. room with the ;
receiving. party. i> I
In some cases the rooms were art!- J
Rcially lighted and the ladies wore decol-J
lete costumes, but in the majority of!
bouses the' bright sunshine was not ex- J
eluded, And afternoon reception dress was *
the rule. Occasionally a hostess who had \
\ number of ladies receiving with her I
would invite some of the men to return J
In the evening for a dance, and thus the |
16THE BARK THAT SENT THE WALLA TO THE BOTTOH^ AND [SCENES FOLLOWING : THE CATASTROPHE^
' Their, rescue was a thrilling one, and to
the keen eyesight of Third Mate j Wooil ' of
the rescuing steamer is due their salv a-
afternoon about half past 4 o'clock by
the steamer Nome City, on which they
reached this r>ort last night.
The raft was picked up off Trinidad, in
latitude 41.04 north and longitude 124.49'
west." -"'.'-'<¦. ."• C^;-.'\
Continued on Page Eighteen. "
Pomona;. sis •¦Bringing
5up/iyorsi;Ffom ¦ -.; -^
"?- '"Eureka. ; - -„',: ?
ONLY ONE
RAFT YET
MISSING
* Continued on Page -Eighteen.
at Big Lagoon^ yesterday morning arrived
in Eurek'a "from .Trinidad' this afternoon
and took their, departure on the Pomona
with "the Withers.*..' Of this" boatload all but
one wore happy,, faces. ,Thatone was H.
Kalzscha'ni .' an engineer , in j the '< revenue
Cutter .service^; attached to the Manning.
tie locked-; the* picture V of -grief and "do-;
s'pair.' ,-¦¦ He .was the - man •.whose: wife
ished when their .lifeboat landed In the
§urf near the'lagooii. His experience Was
a trying, one— afloat; in* a boat with nine
passengers" ,' and but one; sailor :to assist
him/- From : the '.scene of the ] wreck to
where . they landed the distanc© 1 : Is sixty
miles. They were on ' the ocean thlrty-
lying." at ; the docks .and waved farewells
as .long; aa ithey ..could . , be .seen.. ; Cheer
after cheer went up from the populace as
thej steamship' left' the twharf. " The v sur
•vivors shouted their farewells.to.the.peo
ple, who. had 'so nobly r 'come' to "their as-
Is'stance,',' bought., them clothes "and rhln
istered to their wants. ": One' 1 man from the
Wallahs engine department shouted
juet aalthe! Pomona. pulled away:; "Boys!
let us thankth'e whitest people on\ earth","
and theyViJld. v^' ' , ; " VC j '"! . ''~~. '_.' r _' ..'. '. ; ¦
• •'A'-'number^of • the '-rescued-: were with:
greatVfllfflculty.*. got aboAr'd: j ? Four .were
carriedito.the Pomona on. litters' and sev-'
eral' persons,with broken legs and bruised
knees liad;' to be assisted by .members of
the^cr'ew. ¦•'¦'-'.¦•;¦?.'¦:•*¦;;¦ ';' - ? . ,/' : "-."-. : '~ : -./r...
*¦¦ Eight -of the^teri survivors' who landed
;;TT7^ UREKA,: Jan.- 4.— It-is now. pos-
I .'': : "'_'. ¦.';' Vsible,". {sjnee; the '¦ atrivai ; " this
H ¦ ' morning . of ¦ the ' seven* surviyofa
R . 1 ' • " . of ' th e • Walla7 Walla^wW- igo t !
h J ' El ? h f ) r® •^Sr^^y- LfSoon.N" near,
. , \ '';;;', Stbiie 1 4 Lago6n,;' _to',' give' aii r ap^
.proximately-. correct^ list ;of : the- missliig.
The -'passengers '-_ and v crew "who Vsalled;' oh
the* Walla' Walla- numbered ; 158,-: of %hora
.110^hav^V t b^en r ,rejjcued'^ere.'vjFoV^
are' yet unaccouhtedjforat this port., :^\[
V \ When ] the\ steamship^ Pomona ' sailed • f or :
: San Francisco '¦.this afternoon -, with : /sur";
vivbVs of •>^the ;.Walla.; f Walla! dlsaster^the
wharves .were"',black''wltti_"'people'.^.' Men
"climbed ' into " the i ¦ r Igcin* at the KdioonerA
KNOWN VICTIMS OF WRECK
AND THOSE STILL MISSING
:DBiA;El.
I? J A k S3E31TC3-E3K.S.
Mrs. ; Henry Erickson* and' three
; children/ ;: ' -- . :¦
LonlH H.Krnbe.
Mrs. Herman Kotzschmar Jr.
OFFICERS, AND..OH.BW.
Mri.'.'Mlnna- Reynolds;-* Stew
;;;ardeM.:-^;;.^,,f-..v- :¦.:-.
John. Wilnon, Quartermaster.
AVIlliam Bartel, Fireman.
TIKE : 3^ESSI3SrO.
passhnoidWs/
George Ij. Field.
' ; J.v A".' Gray;\r;>";';; t ' •; ¦' ,'
'-"¦ br.''B^ F.vAllen.
F."*Allen.'
.;. C. * LarsenV" I ; ',.' ¦,..' , V *.-
¦ Gca. H. '", Crosby, s Chief ; Engineer.
, ;..'.B5." IiI*.Nuttman, -, Purser, fi!'"-, 1 ''.'-:-'!
';•. John . Huicfhes, ' Third >Offlcer..fv-i !
> ¦ B. ¦ F." Potter, Second'.. Assistant
'.•'rvs'-Enirln eer.jv-; i:iy.\ ¦:¦?:$-,' '.¦^r'.ij'i:;:;; ;V-.-,
James": A. .• Dann, Q,nartermnster.
%' John ' Enfflisb., ¦ Qnartermnster. •¦'.'
.•y>s?-,f4. i ."r. .• i's>F,';rb ¦"--¦:.• •*¦:;:•'-' \'^<~,:,
; Charles \>ff. ; :
' Mrs.* L." Johnson. ''
| M. r ;B." Mborer> - V - f . .. •
'. L. ¦ 31. Hanselnian. ., j-.
¦ -S.' 'Carlion, Watchman. N
R.. Sonxers, 'Seaman. ¦ .
¦ '"; M. Hoave, Searann. />;!'. V
\\ •W., > P.rDorlands,* Water .Tender.
j J. Rooney, Fireman.
)¦' G.': GofeJ- Coal "Passer. ; /
i ' D/. Galla gh e r, Coal ' Passer.
M. ;. Ci -. Marsh. <. -
G."F." Spencer.
G. Xieholson.
A. Hanson.
John Cal la ha n, Coal .Paiier.
J. Connell, - Steward.
Frank, ; Rea r don. Porter.
F. Rhode,'- Messhoy. '
I. Hollo way,' Walter. ,'
T. B. Williams,^Walter.
Ed Rel«s,' Waiter.
Advices from Eureka place '
the total number -of passen-...
gers , and members of the creyr< '.
v_ of v : t^ ;^alla;VWallaV stilL %
; missing : at 'forty-eight. ; "St'r'ik- ': <
' ing from the list' the names of :
' six • suryivor"3 \ broughtv to~ San';
; Francisbo ,' byv the V; Nome^City," ¦; '
the •number "is.-; reduced Y. t° n
f ortyrtwo: £, One. life . raft r has r .;
¦ not , yet \ bsen; ' accounted^ for,;";
, and .it r ; isjf feared that 'j all .of ( [¦
those aboard were .lost.; ; ;'A11- of .; '{
-. the other and rafts havo '¦
I come' a'shbre or been* picked.up ffl
;'-.:at sea. ;.;.-' »• •¦¦¦[)"}' ; - '¦¦'^,. : ',~ V-;
F^-S SHS3STG3-EPt S .
Mrs. O. Hastings, Victoria.
A. B. McClelland, San Francisco.
Mr*, n. S. Edcar, San Jose.
Jacob 3IuI!er and wife, Seattle.
Joseph Robertshont, Seattle.
Miss Gertrade C&dien, San Fran
cisco.
Mrs. J. L. Tlmmoni, Damon.
Llentenant Herman Kotzschmar
Jnnior.
Charles R. Went, San Francisco.
\V. P. Sandemon, San Francisco.
Theodore Haltfbt, L<os Anselei.
Dr. E. F. Adams, San Francisco.
A. Mcydenbaaer, Lakeport. •
Mrs. A. Bleydenbaacr, Lakepart.
John Gilbert, San Francisco.* ';,
A. H. Sell, Sun Francisco.'-
D. Stern and Wife, Seattle.
MinM R. E.Peterw, San Francisco.
Thomas W.' Stream and' wife,
Taconta. -
Mrs. A. F. Stream, Tucomn.
F. \V. Daly, Eyerett, V/nsh.
J. II." Drown andwlfc, Van
couver.
M. C. Blorchoiute, Seattle.
Rev. Henry Erickson. ..
D. Larson, San Francisco.'
U. Hderernon, San- Francisco. ;.Y
R. Xevin,- San 'Francisco.
O. H. Smith, Seattle. ¦
S. X. 'Leperine, Nevada. f
James. Cannon,- San Francisco.
M. Dnhlar.
F. de M«r, San Francisco.
OFFICERS .A.3STD OIEfcEW;.
Andrew L,. Hall, Manter.
Peter !Vilscn, Chief Officer.
Frederick Lupp, Second Officer. .
Cecil Brown, Fourth Officer..
J. A. Reed, First Assistant En
eineer.
Carl Brown, Third Assistant
EnKl&eer. - '-- .
A. Holmes. Boatswain.
O. Olson, Carpenter.'
JT. \V. Bttershank, Qnarter
mMter.
MeC. Lincan, QuartermaKter.
Daniel Hoean, Chief Clerk. '
II. Haiiplnvout, Assistant' Clerk.
31. Xeilson, Seaman.
J. Thornton, Scama'n.
\\ T . O'Learr, framan.
p. Abrabam*on, Seaman.
C. Machio, Seaman.
O. Johnson, Seaman.
¦
C. Peter, Seaman.
K. Johnson, Seaman.
It. Kelson, Seaman.
A. Jnhnxon, Scnmnn.
n. Wissijar, Deckboy. ,
-.. J. naunisrartner, Deckboy. •¦ . "¦
P. Harold, Water Tender.
F." If na«;h\Tont, Oiler.
James Xagrle,' Oiler.
A. Orresro, Fireman. . ,
' R. Woodn, Fireman.
J. McCallnm, Fireman.
M. Mannlnsr, Fireman. , * ..
John Flanneco, - Fireman. '; • '
r, \nnnn, Fireman.
\V r . Kelleher, Fireman.
A. Mnriiliy, Conl ritxner.
E. - Alexander, . Coal - Passer.
II. Parron, Coal Passer. - ¦
¦ W. Goldsmith, Coal Passer.
Peter Schofleld, Coal \ Passer.
wKBtSBBSBtBaSSBBtSESSSBStSOKBtHKi
| ;m.; Hurley, Coal passer.
Georjfe Shivers, Second Steward.
, H." Ifa rrlsi," Steerage Steward. ¦
¦ S. Williamson. Bnrkeeper. >.
. Vi S. 3Inr»lialJ, Cook. '
'. ¦ T.,Larrabaster, .Second 'Cook. Vf .'.
.--.I. Morea, Third: Cook.
I" J£. : Senrle,- Balcer. ¦•' - ¦ '¦•*¦
.#. r-»I)iel, Pantryman. .
. . : ,
;;:Jl?.' aiancett^Messboy.,
\ ' ¦¦ \? Johnson,* Mesnmaji. ,".*
- ticorKG Relss, :, Walter. '
(i. Olmpman, Walter. v
' E. Gibson, ;Walter k .¦-.'.
; H.*L.; Furman,:Waiter.
; * J. : O. ¦ Johnxon, Walter. '
'¦ I George Morrison, Walter.
• ">-,W. B.LSmltni' : .~;';:V:^.-V7. .'¦¦. ¦^-¦1-/:1:.
-¦'p.* Good.' ."•,¦.; .;, .\ v -\'.
¦ . Continued on Page Eighteen, j
SAVED FROM DEATH WHEN
STEAMER SANK INTO DEEP
SIX survivors of the Walla Walla,
after thirty-six hoiirs of buffet
ing on a tempestuous sea on a
life raft, without food cr water
and with no hope save the for
lorn one of being: picked up by a
passing vessel, were rescued on Friday
. The weather was sufficiently clear so
that 'women could be seen on the deck
of the passenger steamer when the colll-
V French bark Max, In. ballast from
Havre for San Francisco, off. Cape Men
docino on January 2. The Max reported
having: been in collision with. an unknown"
passenger steamer at 4 o'clock on the
morning of the 2d and had three .holes
stove -in her. bow and her stem bent to
port. - No lives were lost on . the Max.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4.— A dispatch
from Neah Bay says:. The steam
. collier Washtenaw, from San
Francisco . for Seattle. repo«3
• having been in company with the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fight Against Death
for Many Long
Hours.
French Vessel Re
ports Sinking of
Steamship.
STRUGGLE
BRAVELY
FOR LIFE
BARK MAX
THE CRAFT
AT FAULT
SIX OF THE SURVIVORS OF WALLA WALLA
DISASTER ARE RESCUED BY THE NOME CITY
Pages 17 to %
Pages 17 to 26
The San Francisco Call.
PJRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 36.
SAiN FEANCISCQ, SUNDAY, v JANUARY V5, 19027-THmTY-SlX -PAGES: IIt seems that Charles Hopkins had at
different times fallen Into a trance or
cataleptic etate, during which he would
remain as one dead, but he always re
vived. -. On Monday, : December 9, while
chopping wood, he bad h fainting fit and
was carried to his cabin, where he lay
for four days without giving a sign of
The facts are absolutely authentic and
are attested by H. H. McNaughton of
Haines over . his own signature, of date
December 19, who asks that the case be
given full publicity. The excitement at
Haines over the affair was Intense- when
the Dolphin sailed south.
SKATTLE, Jan. 4.— A story of the death
of a Seattle man by being buried alive
at Haines Mission, twenty miles below
Skagway. on. Lynn Canal, reached this
citv to-day from the north en the Dol
phin. The victim of the tragedy was
Charles Hopkins, aged €2 years, a Grand
Army man, a member of the Masonic fra
ternity, and who Is supposed to have left
a wife and two sons in Seattle.
So great became the indignation when it
was learned ! that such summary action
had been taken with the body that the
existing doubt resulted in the grave be
ing opened on December 19, six days after
burial. The coffin was taken out and the
top unscrewed. The body showed a life
like color; and the. flesh was natural to
the touch. All were mystified. - When the
body was exposed to the cold air the skin
turned purple. . The peoplfc congregated
around were awed and some of the super
stitious secured the body and privately
had it buried again without. waiting for
further developments. - • . - * ¦
Now the physicians at Skagway express
the belief that the man was just being:
brought out of his trance again and was
burled alive. Hopkins, left considerable
mining property and had frequently as
serted that he would be buried alive.
There was no physician .at Halnes to
prove the certainty of death, and the peo
ple who burled him, it is claimed, under
the existing " circumstances were too
hasty.;. ' . • . •" ' , .
life. At the end of that time he was
buried, though it was the opinion of many
that life was not extinct.
CAPTAIN HALL SAID
TO ACCUSE FUtEMEN
WAS BURIED ALIVE, SAY THE PHYSICIANS
SEATTLE, Jan.' 4.— Dr. E.' B. Allen and
wife, who are among those reported miss
ing in the steamship Walla Walla disas
ter, v were residents of Fox Island, about'
twenty miles from Tacoma. Since taking
up his residence at Fox Island Dr.' Allen
gave up the practice of medicine. Ac
companied by Mrs. Allen, he went to San
Francisco to visit his son-in-law, George
Macklin. Both Dr. and Mrs. Allen were
very old. Many years ago he was county
physician of Pierce County. His son is
secretary of the Seattle' Young .Men's
Christian- Association. -.. •;
.*; News of the wreck of the Walla Walla
caused the greatest excitement here until
the names of the passengers .-."; were ' re
ceived and at was found thafc so few Vic
torians were aboard. Mrs. Johnstons, who
•was reported missing, is the. wife of Cap
tain Johnstone, late of Dawson, who was
in. San Francisco lately trying- to charter
a vessel to engage in the halibut "fishing
business. She lost two daughters in the
Point. EUice bridge disaster here five
years ago.. Anson F. Bowness is , night
manager of the Western Union offlce here:
R. Nevin Is believed to be a former cyclist
of this: city. -W. Dutler. is "not known
here.- Mrs. Hastings was returning from
a visit .to friends in San Francisco.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. : - 4.— Miss Wil
liams,' one of the surviving passengers of
the steamer Walla Walla, is principal of
the^Girls' Central School of Victoria and
was" returning home after visiting Mr.
and Mrs.' H. Clausen of Sausalito.-'
Is Principal of a Girls'
i r M''C' "School.-;
Miss Williams, One of the Survivors,
VICTaRIANS WHO/WERE ' ¦'¦
ON THE •WAIiIi A WALX&-
Reported to Have Charged . Three of
the Walla Walla's Crew With :•
Desertion. -
EUREKA, Jan. 4.— It is reported that
Captain A. Hall of the Walla
Walla has made a sworn statement be
fore Deputy Coroner Skinner that An
drew Murphy, M. Schofield and A. Orrego,
the "firemen who took the' first boat and
left without taking others aboard, are
guilty of deserting the ship. It is said
that the three men heard Captain. Hall's
commands to return and take on some of
the passengers, but deliberately disobeyed
them. • :¦«¦;•; . . . - : . -
Some of the crew believe .that these men
are more ¦¦ unfortunate : than> blamable,
claiming . that : their boat drifted . away,
from the Walla Walla and filled, making/
It impossible for them to get back to the
sinking ship. - :. ¦ * • *\* -i
SIX OF THE SURVIVORS OF VTHE WALLA WALLA RESCUED
Says Bark , Displayed .Lights.
When asked concerning the collision, he
said: : ..• : • • ' .•
- *'I came on deck as soon afterward as
'. . Last . Survivors Arrive. -
The ' occupants "of the other boat — the
last one-.to come -ashore '• of the eight
launched— did not arrive in time to take
the Pomona. There are seven survivors
in this party, which landed at Stone La
goon, a few miles -above Trinidad. Boat
swain Holmes was in charge of -the boat.
With , him - were E. Johnson, sailor: ~- P.-
Naucett, messboy; Arthur Johnson, sail
oi; J. O. Johnson, watchman; | Rudolph
Nelson, sailor;' George Morrison, watch
man. •. , ¦ : '
These men : reached ; Eureka to-night.
The boat was beached near Stone Lagoon
yesterday forenoon at 11:15 o'clock. When
it struck the beach the 'sailors were
thrown into the surf, but all succeeded in
.reaching land.,' - ¦ '¦ i
Against the members of this boat there
is bitter feeling among- some of the offi
cers and passengers saved from the Walla
Walla, i Many claim to have heard Cap
tain Hall give orders for this crew' to go
to the stern and rescue passengers. In
stead, it is' said, they pulled out to sea.
Their story is quite different. Boat
swain. Holmes in an interview to-night
said:- ¦ ¦
"I was the last one of the seven to get
into the boat, and I left in the last boat
that left the ship. v)ur boat was got off
on the opposite side from that whejve the
passengers -were. It 1 was' the smallest
boat on the ship. It soon filled with
water, and we had to keep bailing. It had
no plug in it and Nelson used his hand
kerchief for a plug. • When we were go
ing around the ship I thought she was
sinking and we got the boat away to keep
her from being sucked down. We heard
some " cries among the ' wreckage, and
pulled in that direction, .but the cries
ceased. I kept the boat in that vicinity
until daylight, but found no one. We had
in the boat one good oar and one oar
with half the blade gone. With these we
rowed to" where we landed. We were
thirty-two hours on the ocean. The
roughest weather came on the first fore
noon." • ¦ • ' v- ' . v v ;;;
one hours. All suffered greatly from ex
'posure, but no one was lost until the
beach was reached and an effort made to
land. , - ' .
¦ "I was against i landing," : said Kalz
schan, "but I could not prevail on them
to wait. Some j of them 'were like crazy
men, threatening to kill themselves. The
landing was made, but my wife, was car
ried'away by the waves. I .went after
her and. reached -her, but lost her again
through the force of the undertow. ¦;-'. I
caught hold of her a second time, but the
undertow wrenched her from my grasp.
I then became unconscious and was res
cued by some of the others. Oh, it is
awful to think 'of her suffering- bravely
throughout it all and then to be lost at
the last! I want to get away from those
men .1 have been with. I never want to
see any of them again." - '
With this Kalzschan left, the' offlce of
,the steamship company, where he i had
rested for a -minute, = and asked to-be al
lowed tto • so somewhere where he could
be alone: Many of - the bystanders who
have * heard and witnessed many sad
things during the last two days turned
away to hide their sorrow, for this man's
grief -marked face and sad story were the
most lamentable they had. seen or heard.
• Tne remaining: two men who lajided at
the Lagoon, W.*H. Weaver. and Charles
Glesson, were left at Trinidad, 'being too
badly used up to-be moved at present.
Although the life saving crew was out
all last night and to-day no sign of the
missing rafts .have been discovered. Last
evening- itt . was believed that a raft had
been sighted. The rife saving crew went
after. the object seen in the. distance. It
proved, to their disappointment, to be an
abandoned ¦; sail. ' The people of Ferndale
patrolled . the ; Centerville beach, near,
where the accident occurred, . all nicrht,
and built, fires at Intervals j along • the
shore. Nothing was seen by them to I in
dicate that there had been a wreck .in the
vicinity. . A ; ,
I could. .When I reached the deck I saw
the vessel. that struck us. She was plain
ly, showing a red light anda green light
and sent up rix rockets. Afterward j she
turned . a flash." ' ' ;
Continued From Page Seventeen.
¦ Mrs. Minna .Reynolds,- , the .'^stewardess
"of ( the- Walla Walla, was quite , well known
rh, Alameda, .whern V she" made ' herr home
for several >years. * Her ¦ close f riendj Mrs.
Anton N. Vogel of 2163 . Clinton '.avenue,
says " that ¦ Mrs: Reynolds' . death • at sea
had been foretold by a psychic • operator.
In 'speaking of the -prophecy which came
That Accident Would* Befall ¦ Her.
Medium Informed , Mrs. £ Reynolds
HER DEATH; WAS PROPHESIED.
i Third Officer Hughes' home was at 1868
Seventh street," Oakland, i ; He was a . na
tive of England and 45 years old.
i : Bome confusion seems ¦ to exist - at the
ofnee of ' the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company ¦ regarding the ' identity ¦ of the
third offlcer of the Walla Walla.- On the
list v furnished by the head ' office of the
company * the name of • George . Healdrom
,is given. ; At paymaster s office on
Broadway-wharf it was stated that Heal
drom. had- --rtotr been • on the * Walla- Walla
on. the previous trip."-- ." . ¦; .
Learning . that there was a, vacancy,
John Hughes, • who ¦ resides at West ' Oak
land, applied, for the vacant berth at the
paymaster's on- Broadway •*; wharf
and - was ¦' engaged ¦ on' showing the neces
sary papers. While the main office is cer
tain'that;Healdrom sailed as third offlcer
.the paymaster's office is equally certain
that Hughes went out in that capacity./;
John Hughes, third offlcer of • the
wrecked steamer Walla Walla, has_ been
fourteen years in the. employ of the Pa
cific Coast' Steamship Company. Another
>ad feature in connection with. the uncer
tainty of his. fate is that since the .Walla
Walla left San Francisco his wife has
died. , An effort was made to reach him
before he sailed, but it' was too late and
his;wlfe.was buried three days ago with
'¦ put- his knowledge. •.- "
Third '• Officer's -Home.
Sad Condition Prevails in Missing
HUGHES LOST AND WIFE DEAD.
• The Nome City had a little ' adventure
of her own on the way down. She left
Seattle ten days ago and was. proceeding
toward Portland 'when her high pressure
cylinder blew out just as Cape Flattery
was rounded. A slow run was made to
the Columbia River and a delay of two
days and a half was encountered there on
account of the fog. - -
As soon as the Nome City tied up at
the wharf the Rev. Mr. Ericksen was sent
to. St. Mary's Hospital In' the ambulance
of. the Harbor Emergency Hospital. He
was very weak and all intercourse with
him was refused by the hospital author
ities. First Officer Nilsen went to the
company's to •' report and the others
hastened to their . homes. •
This statement," which embraces 'the
story as related by the different surviv
ors, explains why so many of the officers
were found on the one raft. All others
had left the ship and they were waiting
the last chance to save their own lives.
to stand by, but she drifted away and
was not seen again. Shiel says he heard
the order given > and heard a reply in
French. The Walla Walla' floated for an
hour and ten minutes, Captain Hall stay
ing on the bridge all the time. He gave
the order for all boats, to stand by. These
survivors were at the stern of the vessel
trying to get the big boats off when she
went down by -the bow and they jumped
into the water and managed to reach this
life raft." ¦ • .
Contijaued From : .-^age ' ! Seventeen.
BARK MAX mum. AT FAULT
\ Peter ' Naucett,- one, of ;the^crew of the
Walla Walla,, who is/now reported among
the ; survivors, | is* a -resident of * Alameda,
living with his; family at theVnorth end
of Jay ¦ street. J Mrs.' Naucett \ ;ahd ' her
children - were ' overcome by . the first re
ports :- from ¦ the ' wreck, ¦- as ' the husband
and -:- father was not •'mentioned. When
they '.'; ascertained last evening that he
was safe, their Joy was /boundless.
Peter Naucett's ; Family \ First Be-
lie ved He Had • Been Lost.
THEIR GRIEF TURNS TO JOY.
V In" the list of second-class . passengers
published- yesterday there; appeared the
names of J. Brown, D.. Jones and'F. L.
Smith. These names were" given by, a trio
of stage hands in Iwrd luck, -who wanted
to get to Seattle to take positions there in
one of the show houses. ; The lirst two are
fictitious, the real names' of the men giv
ing them,, as given out; yesterday *by the
steamship company's - agents, being V.
Tara and- J. Wilson. , . -
Wreck, Try to Conceal Identity.
V. Tara and J. Wilson,' Survivors of
GIVE \ FICTITIOUS \ NAMES.
This is the fourth shipwreck in which
Steward Connell was. one of the victims.:
His first experience occurred twenty years
ago when . the steamer Grand Republic
went down off the' Oregon coast. He was
on the steamer Queen when she was
wrecked twice. ,¦ i: : •^ r '.^.
Chief ! Steward John Connell, who is
listed among the missing members of the
crew of the wrecked steamer Walla Wal
la, is one of the oldest employes of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, his
term of service extending over twenty
two years. -He was known to thousands
who have taken voyages between Pacific
Coast ports. He resided at Twelfth and
Poplar streets, Oakland, with his three
sisters, who are anxiously ; awaiting news
''of -him. •• ¦ • ' ¦ . ¦ . -
Chief Steward John Connell Had Four
Exciting Experiences.
VICTIM OF MANY WRECKS.
Relatives of James A. Dunn, who re
sides at 1266 Folsom street, are making
anxious inquiries about him. • He signed
as quartermaster late on the afternoon of
December SI. taking the place of one who
failed. to appear. In the list of those
saved < appear the names of two - quarter
masters—J. W. Ettershank and McC. Lin
gan. The name of the third quartermas
ter is John Wilson, who is reported among
the dead. No trace of the name of I Dunn
appears in. any of the lists. \ :
Dunn was about 24: years of age; and
unmarried. He has been in the employ of
the Pacific Coast • Steamship Company at
irregular periods during the ; last', two
years. ' . - - • ¦
Walla and May Have Perished.
Sailed as Quartermaster on -Walla
JAMES A. DUNN ALSO MESSING.
ADDITIONS TO OTJB NAVY
NOW UNDER CONSTRUCTION
"I am not expecting any package," said
the* lady of the house.
"This is the number," persisted the
driver of the delivery wagon, looking at
his book, again. "Name's Higgins, ain't
it?"
;;Yes"^ t .. . ,
"That's our number."
VThen it's foryou."
"I think .not. It must be- a case of mis
taken Identity."
VNo, mum. It's a. case of beer."—Lon
don Tit-Bits. , , ¦
New York has been told that It has in.
a Stanton-street block the "wickedest
block in the world." Rev. Robert L. Pad
dock made the astonishing statement in
an address at the Columbia College. Said
he: "The block opposite the Episcopalian
Pro-cathedral In Stanton street 13 tha
wickedest place in all the world. It has
seven houses. ' It contains a thousand
families. Families of from five to twelve
persons live in two rooms." Speaking of
Western and Southern plague spots he
said: "They have plague spots there, it
is true; but there is nothing in San Fran
cisco to compare in utter degradation and
shamelessness with that block across the
street." Of course, an Investigation was
made and - scores of angry tenants were
interviewed, but not one of them, would
admit any truth in Rev. Mr. Paddock's
impeachment. The only admission gained
was from a woman, who said: "Maybe it
is. It all depends upon how you look at
it." The ruling sentiment or the block
to-day appears to be. "Mind your own
business."
THE HOST WICKED BLOCK
IN THE WHOLE WOBLD^
Information concerning- our new battle
ships and armored cruisers which are now
in process of construction is furnished in.
the annual report of Secretary Long. The
following table gives the names of the
new Ironclads, together with the approx
imate date of commplotlon:
.... BATTLESHIPS. [ '; Jk
Maine ..October, 1302
Missouri.-.....;.;. ;..¦.. ...,i."..March, 1903
Ohio May, 1903
Virginia ...May, 1904
Nebraska July, 1904
Georgia July, 1904
New Jersey July, 1904
Rhode Island.. July, 1904
ARMORED CRUISERS.
Pennsylvania .January, 1904
West Virginia February, 1904
California August, 1904
Colorado January, 1904
Maryland February, 1904
South Dakota August, 1904
Besides the vessels above named there
are now being constructed at the various
navy yards nine unarmored cruisers, four
monitors, twenty-five torpedo boat de
stroyers and seven submarines.
Secretary Long in his report- recom
mends the building of three additional
battleships and two additional armored
cruisers. On account of the importance
which the navy to-day plays in the
world's affairs he argues that no expedi
ture is wasted .which is Judiciously used
in increasing our naval strength.
Goliath wasn't in the infant class, yet
David rocked him to sleep.
true, ¦ Mrs. Vogel said last night;
, '/During last April I consulted a medium
on Buena Vista avenue, who told me that
Mrs. Reynolds would 'pass out in a wTeck
at the first of the year,' and that I should
get her children' and. care for them. >: : 'I
have always loved the little'' ones and
want to-adopt them. Mrs."- Reynolds also
consulted the same - medium, after ' I > had
seen : her in April and she, too, was in
formed that about the beginning - of this
; year something would .happen -.to her. Tt
is terrible -the way the predictions have
proved correct and -I am almost pros
trated by the sad disaster." !
. : .- \ _ .-'••- '' ¦¦'::¦.- .<¦¦¦
18
Steamship Pomona Sails From % Eureka for
San Francisco With Passengers and Mem
: bers of th£ Crew Who Escaped Death
ONLY ONE RAFT BEARING
WALLA WALLA SURVIVORS
YET UNACCOUNTED FOR
THE SAN FE^N^ISGO CALL, STJNDAT. JANTJART 5, 1902.
*' Ibsen , still , remains ! In ; poor ¦ health and
his ; friends ¦ say .that the end must • come
within a ; few. months. His wife Is nursinc
him : with the ¦ greatest care," never, leaving
him r. day , or : night * and ? refusing : to ¦ allow
any other nurse to help her. -.
. : The bark Max,'- Captain'; Roberts', Is a
three-masted steel. bark/:builtin;i900 by
A. Dubigeon of Nantesl'.; She :is owned by
G. Ehrenberg . and \ : her y home '< port v is
Havre. ¦'* She i^ias a' gross , tonnage ¦ of' 20TS,'
and 1562 tons net. 'i Her length Is 253:3 f eet;
her w|dth 37:4 feet and her depth 23:6feet
; The i Max ' Is : 118 . days : f rom . Glasgow!
bound for San Francisco. .¦'':',¦ -- .
6lon ; occurred. :'> ;>';...>;.-¦ ; •¦
- The ;Washtenaw,offered"to;tow- the Max
to. Puget Sound, but -the' offer, was re
fused, . as" it was .-.believed: the .vessel' could
ba navigated to Sari Francisco; " •• ¦:
tion. -Far off in the distance, fully two
miles away, he discerned a tiny speck.
He called the attention of Captain Dan
iels to it, and through their glasses they
discerned what appeared to be moving
objects. They drew closer, saw that the
objects were human beings,- and; the en
gines were sent ahead at full speed."- .
Preparations were made to lower a
boat, which was placed in charge of First
Mate Buckard. With four sailors the
boat was driven through the rough waves
as fast as the lusty sailors could ply the
oars The raft was reached and the snip
wrecked men taken into the boat. Tney
were given a little stimulant' and provid
ed with blankets, i In a short time the
feeble survivors were aboard the Nome
City, and tender attention wa3 given their
wants. . .
NAMES OF THE RESCUED. V
Six persons comprised the party rescued*
from the raft. These were:
Peter Mlsen, first officer. . • •>
Frederick Lapp, second officer.
Cecil Broivn, fourth officer.
! The Rev. Henry' Erlclcson.
J. Shiel, pantryman. v >
J. Morea, third cook.
A 16-year-old son' of the Kev. .Mr.
Erickson and a, woman whose name Is
not known were originally - on the • life
raft. With this load on board the raft
eat -very low in the water, and all were
repeatedly partially' submerged. :, Finally
! the woman was transferred to a lifeboat
which happened near, and an effort was
made to direct the course of the raft to
the Mendocino shore, some thirteen miles
away. As the hours passed young Erick
son sank lower and lower, finally dying
in his father's arms. His body was ten
derly consigned to a watery grave.
As the day wore on- a keen watch was
kept for passing vessels. Finally a ves
sel, since known «o be the Dispatch, was
sighted and in the distance was^seen to
stop and lower boats. Efforts were made
to signal her. A wet coat Was fastened
on two oars and hoisted to attract atten
tion. After an hour of expectation • the
Dispatch was seen to make for : the har
bor of Eureka. Then the sufferers settled
down to watfch for another -vessel. <
Toward nightfall the Dispatch was seen
coming out of the harbor of Eureka and
most strenuous efforts were made to at
tract her attention. But these "were as
unsuccessful as before and the Dispatch
proceeded on her way W without ' having
sighted them. In the gloom ,of the/.twi
light-a heavy fog settled down on ' the
sea and the shadows of night were added
to by the discomfort of a choppy # sea.'
' WITHOUT FOOD 6& WATER.
" : Er1ck'son, crazed by the'loss of^his fam
ily and the/death of his son, was in • a
half-demented condition.- He began drink
ing salt water, despite the advice of those
,with him. He cried for. water,,^ and while
the others- bore up with fortitude it- re
quired the care of others to restrain him;
from- jumping into the sea.^;.The' night
slowly | wore away and.- the -day ¦ dawned
again without a sail in sight. Late in the
afternoon the Nome City /was seen, the
signal was again brought Into play and
.the exhausted men saw -rescue, at last. - '
; After the. story of " the .wreck .was ; >
learned, from the rescued men.. Captain-
Daniels, cruised -around -until- nightfall.'
He described a circle of six or eight miles
and remained in the .vicinity ''for': several'
hours, when he came on* to. the city; land-'
ing at Spear-street wharf about 8 o'clock
last night.
-According to' the stories' told the of
ficers of the Nome City and as related by.
Purser Shaw of that vessel the disaster
occured -at -4:30 a." m., thirteen r miles > off
Cape Mendocino. - '. Purser r Shaw said last
night: ¦-- . ¦'..-¦:'.¦¦•.¦. -;¦•-:•:¦.-¦ ¦¦'.! ¦ ¦: ¦ ',
FLARE LIGHT IS SEEN.
"Second . Officer, Lupp : says : he '.:¦ had
turned. in some time before," but had not
gone to bed, as he was engaged -in .writing
his log. Third Officer Hughes was;on the
bridge when - he • saw • a t flare • light. > " He
ordered '-¦ the : helm : hard aport ¦ and ) it .was
done. Hughes was relieved about .twenty
minutest later by.' Chief Officer T"Nilsen.
Captain Hall was called to the ..bridge
.and told of the change, in .'course.'^ He
went down toward his ; cabin, . when "; the
bark loomed up ;¦. on t the - 1 port < side • and
crashed into the steamer '-a "little* abaft
. the pilot house about • the second hatch.
.."The bark was . hailed and asked
Continued From Page Seventeen.
CATARRH ROBS WOMEN OF HEALTH AND BEAUTY.
ADVESTISEMENTSw '
Humors y
"They . take possession of the body, and
are Lords of Misrule. . . '
: They - are attended by; pimples, boils, the
¦ itching ; jtetfer,"? salt ¦ rheum, arid . other cu-
taneous eruptions; by feelings of weakness,
languor, general debility and what not." - K
; They cause more suflerlng than anything
;else.'s-i~;^.vvu ¦ : ¦ ..v^-. ¦. v ; -' : '--:¦¦ ¦•']
.Health, .Strength, Peace and r : Pleasure;
require their expulsion, and this; Is posl-
- tively effected, according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by ,.;.;," ; ~
iHwd's'Sdnaparilfa
'i Which ;. radically i and permanently drives
; them out and builds up the whole system.
Pe-ru - rva Makes Healthy
' - -"¦ |^»^J: - B—^f^-^^ -J |T-|T< J I" '
There are a multitude^ of women, //• 11 kii %^ V^ . 11 W
especially housewives, and all . other I! IV^I^V If S^\&sA \\ \\
women obliged to, be oh their feet con- 'r - . Vl'-'ll J?/T*^r L. \\ II
tlnually, who are wretched beyond de- \\ H J%\ tt /m/ J^v ]i II -
scrlption,, simply because their strength VsAV • /ir V " /xrX ItJf
and vitality is sapped away by catarrhal V kAnf'tn.* Fiw _^._ -n.u-j-n- / V^V*^
discharges. V MWA InA KROCTER S
Peruna is such a specific for such cases X^l • •» / »^ | nwiM^ /
that when patients hay© once used"" it xx ~^
they can never be , Induced j to quit it j^
begins to relieve the disagreeable symp-
toms at . once. The backache ceases, the Mrs. Ida Proctor, prominent society matron, president Brooklyn Woman' ¦
trembling knees- are strengthened, the Century Club, writes from 45 Hoyt street. Brooklyn, N. Y.I
appetite restored, digestion made per- _ ... . . . , . ' ', - »
feet, the dull headache is stopped and "Two years ago my health was entirely broken down from social cares
the weakening drains are gradually . ¦"¦ •/•#..."¦- , , £ .. ., , , . . , •»# mo
cured. These results certainly follow a and responsibilities, and I felt that / vas going to be very ill. As Peruna
C MiII ''io^^Miho 1 ? P 3 en aien Bailie had been used by other members of the family^with good results, I thought
SF^fe-S^fbiSAtarfflr :%St& b0st i0 9 u ° 0, a tr/a/ 6efor ° P uttin 9 ">!**" I" M* °*™ 'of a physician;
° f "About^ a yS?5o T r 1 '5S so run down and was 9 lad tftat /<fld s0 ' for ifie US9 °* four boitles ™stor3d my strengm
that r had to take to my bed. a friend and vitality, and * a dose once or twice a month keeps me in excellent
advised me to try Peruna and in two . -- ... ., ' .»«« , n * nnnn-vnn
weeks I was out of bed and In a month- 1 health. MRS. IDA PROCTOR.
was perfectly well. I now find that my T - . . 5, . , ,,¦-•¦.¦"- '_•'.• li" '. . ¦„.
health is much more robust than for- If T0U "° not a erive prompt and satisfactory results from the use of Peruna,
merly, so that I take Peruna once or write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a full statement of your case, and ha will
twice a month and keep well." be pleased to give you his valuable advice gratis.
-¦'¦-- : MISS LOUISE MAHQN. Address Dr. Hartman. President of The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. •
4m®^ .. THE FAMOUS %Wt
M JENNESS WL
H MILLER Pi
JM§k ARE NOW ON SALE IN OUR BIG t J0Sk
HttKm. Beinj; for 35 years the leading Shoe /^§i^ i
vjx&F% Dealers of" the Pacific Coast, and our store
r^*J l^ e ' ar 2:est and most conveniently located in '^"t'^M
lifclMf San Francisco, we have been selected by the '^§0W
Rgirsir manufacturer for the exclusive sale of these «ai§V
1§F Too much cannot be said for them. For \jgf
,:^ .style, fit" and durability they are unexcelled, ifajK.
Aipjk and they are made on strictly hygienic lines. AS*^i.
fc^fjfjk All the latest styles in Vici Kid, Box Calf. aM^^.
MSfrJL Velour Calf.- Patent Leather, Patent. Kid and j^^^W '
WaKS6^ see them in our windows.
JM NOLAN BROS., ,W
* PHELAN BUILDING y'.^^
.- 812-814 MARKET STREET.. 'Im?
= STEALING FUBNTrURE=
.^g^ffj^ggsgb uuiucn UaK
i ¦¦¦^BBL';:--- ' I ; Bureau | '
1 : //If' . ( . $13.50.- '
Ij ¦ / / / l/wi j tt\ Common pric^— uncommon bu-
n[ i ¦ ' 1|\ .i : ; First, the beveled plate^mirror is
U.U', x - / ~s .s.. -'] JXj - . ; larger than common— -22x28 inches
Vv^K^^^^^p^rf/ Then notice the pretty finish at . the
j^^S^^^gg^5A^^_ to P of th e mirror frame— and the
- y.. > \. ' j.^-'|>^ gracefully carved standards that sup-
W - :g^J^gl|fj§!pS^jr^ll f T^ e Jt> UI> cau top is made, double,
B 1 -~~-- 1 1 two thicknesses of oak, to prevent
W '/V",V f.' '•,- *?, \ . warping. Drawers are quite deep— -
A? y/ %^£ v ' t v inches, 6y 2 inches and 7 inches —
£ j \,y ¦" - * * . - y the lower one being the deepe'st.
g ____ —j_ . _^=- _: , The bureau is 42 inches wide and
I -er' r^^- V^f~~ * ; 34 inches in height. The mirror adds
\ " Z-%=J ~ ~^~Z. -•'« V 40 inches more to this: ¦— —
h ' ' ~~~~ - ¦ ' We'll guarantee the drawers "to
4a jjiji u,f, V^^v -fl^-z^- —^ \ ¦ work smoothly. If during damp
-spl s^SF-*y^''^^- r}^r S J weather the drawers should stick, as
_i % i -~T- ' '¦ ¦-• ?^T^L_ll^ aU draw crs will, let us know and
.- 7? r - ¦.-'¦" .. :r T^ :r: *~i : -*e'll be only too glad to send a man
Costumcrs $1.00. /
Golden Oak or Mahoganized Birch. ¦ N^^'f'
They are just 5 feet 7 inches' in height, and the solid l|j
oak beam is 2 inches in diameter. Picture shows the X
turnines just as they are.
" " ¦ '¦'•"¦ '-¦ ¦"• " ¦ S?. -
4j. ~ v: — j l r . '. .1
I-^F%H .:•- 111
I ! \\ f
' «^ ' ' -¦:. .. \£> '¦'.' .. — "¦ • •
Towel rlicks $1.00.; jA. .
Also made of oakV 32 inches, long, 38 inches high;* has J&Cy %%V
nine cross rods — four of .which can be: folded out of the ¦// • -... *-^ u
. Handy for a "'score of 'places; -.'.. " ' ,,
y/c*d bz ghd lo have you open an account us.
Ysu can mik: th: payments to. suit your convenience
STEALING furniture Cpmpany
1039 MARKET; OPPOSITE McALUSTER.
gf The Owl Drug Store will ' help you save money during
¦ iff the new year — in fact, you ought to save on drugs, medicines %
UK-; and toilet articles all the time. No sense or economy in paying \A
i/fflj more than we charge - for drug store goods. This list of special «
iftj 1 prices good until Saturday night, January nth. Telephone w\
/ffl orders delivered— South 556- — Open day and night. • *i\ .
||i Rcnncr's Malt Extract bot 15c Whiskey at Cut Prices !|U W
H Carl Rentier's German Malt — made , Hermitage — very fine— 65c \\\ B
Hi in Munich— »ellj regularly for 20c Peter Keegan'j Scotch Whisker, 95e i|H M
Jp. » bottle— special price thl» week by Cutter A I Whiskey— 75c '
j I thedoz. $1.75, good to build you up The tuaal quart bottles * Ijjtf :
|ij Yvettc Powder 25c Pabst Best Tonic boi 25c fll '
v ; ' for le *ct 1^ powder ~ nroaUr * eU * ThIi week b y the doz - **•*>' m\
l«\ Epsom Salts. r,!lb. 5c 47H White Rose Soap • 2 for 25c : I \\
W\\ - Sells regularly for ioc a lb.* Regularly ice each ' JnS [\
\W.v Wash Rags 5c Swan Down" 3 boxes 25c Mil \\
»vV A regular ioc article /.Regular price ioe each Js// 1
w\ Glycerine ' . pint. 35c Java Face Powder 25c iff ft \\
\\vU Jiganta for the Mutton Remedies /yj/ • \
• ~ \§\' for Bright' '* Disease and Diabetes \Mw \\
ADVEBTISEHCENTS.Second Officer Frederick Lupp was In
good spirits when he left the Nome City
last night, despite the terribUj experience
he underwent on the raft. He talked of
his plight and that of his companions and
"I cannot describe how we suffered from
cold, hunger and thirst. It is bad enough
to be exposed In an open boat, but on a
raft one has no protection whatever. We
were drenched again and again by the
waves that washed over us. With all our
hardships, however, I do not think that
any of us gave up hope. I know I would
not have ceased to hope for relief until
death itself came. We were picked up by
the Nome City Friday afternoon at 6:30
o'clock."
"This left but the six men who were
rescued by the Nome City and young
Erickson aboard the raft on which I was
riding. During the remainder, , of the
morning we endeavored to ro,w toward the
shore, but our raft proved rather an un
wieldy affair. The wind and waves were
against us and we were unable to make
any headway.
"When t,he morning cleared we were
still near the scene of the wreck.' We
could see the Dispatch about a mile away.
We tied two of the oars together and tried
to signal the boat, but we failed. We also
saw several other rafts with people
aboard floating about, but we were not
within hailing distance of them. Several
times we attempted to propel our raft to
ward the shore, but our efforts failed.
Rafts under ordinary conditions are not
made to be rowed, and we were badly ex
hausted from being exposed to the frosty
morning air after our plunge Into the icy
waters. We finally gave up trying to row
and allowed ourselves to drift, in the hope
of being picked up by some passing boat.
We saw a number of vessels passing dur
ing the thirty-six hours that we were
adrift, but none, unfortunately; happened
to see us.
"We certainly had an experience that
none of us will ever forget. The raft on
which we were drifting when the Nome
City picked us up was only an ordinary
ship's rait, sixteen leet suuare. It ar
loraed us absolutely no protection from
the cold night wind nor lrom tne waves
which frequently swept over us. . The
greater part of the time some portion or
tne raft was under water. Our clothes
were drenched, and tnis morning they
were almost frozen stitt. X oung Erlclc-:
son died from exposure and we . were
forced to toss his body overooard even In
the presence of his father, who was, him
self almost overcome. It had to be done,
as we could not possibly retain the re
mains on the raft.
"When the bark collided with the Walla
Walla I was in my bunk. I immediately
rushed on deck and as soon as I found
out that a hole had been stove in our ves
sel and that she was doomed to go to tha
bottom I- Immediately commencea to work
for the safety of the passengers. Almost
without exception the passengers were
asleep in their berths and in some in
stances we were compelled to use force
and pull them out.
"I worked at rescuing the , passengers
until the Walla Walla commenced the
final plunge. As the boat was going
down a young woman whose name I do
not know came to me and asked for help.
I seized her in my arms and jumped over
board. I swam about for a considerable
time looking for a raft or boat on which
to put her. At last I found a raft, but it
was crowded and I could only find room
for the young woman. I put her aboard
and then swam off to look for another
raft or boat. I do not know whether she
was rescued or not.
"I found another raft, but I should
judge that there were already over thirty
people clinging to it. 1 managed to catch
hold, and very soon afterward another
raft with but a few people aboard cauio
floating by. Part of the people from the
raft to which I was clinging went aboard
this second raft. A little while after we
came in contact with a" third raft, and
again we put some of the people from our
raft aboard.
Brown had the same tale. of suffering
from exposure, hunger and thirst to tell
as was related by his comrades on the
raft. Regarding his experience and that
of his companions while adrift, on the sea
be said: /
;¦' ¦'•""•=¦ Brown is", a young and a
hardy seaman and enured to hardships,
he was scarcely able to walk when the
boat reached the dock last night. So
much had he suffered from the cold and
exposure while he was afloat on the open
raft that he was bowed like an old man.
Brown hurried at once to his home at
575 Powell street to carry in person the
news of his rescue to , his mother and
father. .
CECIL BROWN, the fourth of
ficer of the Walla Walla, was
one of the six survivor's who
•were rescued by the Nome
City, having : been afloat - for
thirty-six hours. Although
:The actor may get a . longer vacation
than the ribbon-counter clerk, but the lat
ter continues to eat ' regularly.
A FRESNO, Jan.- 4.— The unanimous sentiment
of ¦sthe - raisin growers, > assembled V to-day In
response to President Kearney's call for a pub
lic meetlne of . the s California , Raisin Growers'
Association,, was that .the association shall not
be disrupted. 5£ri£Ci2SJ«a«8SIS30&3!fr
¦ ¦';¦ STOCKTON,' Jan. \ 4.— Two new ' cases of
smallpox i were : discovered to-day." Strict
quarantine regulations * are > adhered to and it
la -believed * there will be no general . spread "of
the disease.*- All the patients are doing. well. -
; . SACRAMENTO, '. Jan. 3.— Charles Ross, 15
years old, ;. received a: fatal shock | of | electricity
this ' afternoon ¦ by ; coming; Into contact ¦ with a
small voltage supply wire while he was stand
ing on , wet ground. r '^ -<';,." •/'¦
PHILADELPHIA. Jan.' 4.— The" historic Lib
erty Bell, which is to be placed on exhibition
at the Charleston Exposition, . was taken from
Indeixmdenee Hall. this afternoon to the Penn
sylvania Railway station, where It will re
main guarded until Monday morning, when < It
will start on its southern . Journey. The bell
was accompanied to the station by a military
escort and rartovui beada of department*. *
ST. PAUL., Jan. 4.— The engagement of Miss
Ruth Hill, daughter of President J. J. Hill
of the Northern Securities Company, and Lan
sing- Beard, a New Tork attorney, a « college
classmate of Miss Hiirs brothers, is announced.
NORFOLK. Va.. Jan. 4.— One of . the ¦ build
ing* of the Eastern State Hospital for the In
eane at .WlUlamsburgr was destroyed by fire
«ariy to-day. It 1b feared that one or more
of the inmates perished.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— District Attorney Je
rome announced to-day, that the case, of Albert
T. Patrick, . accused of the murder of William
M. nice, will be called for trial before Re
corder Goff on January 15.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
AtONG THE COAST
. . Sergeant . Conboy and posse,' acting un
der .instructions of Chief Wittman, , raided
a lottery " Joint at -720 i Dupont ' street ¦ last
night and arrested the dealer and two vis
itors.'- The Chief of Police is putting forth
every t" effort to stop gambling inChina
t — * in tPtiUI irl { lilrT^iiviMaaiifimiiTiiTrffgi*
Chief "Wittman After Gamblers.
Crosby and Butler : were ¦ well received.
Their steps were clean cut and . graceful.
: The small -boy and his. big brother in the
gallery -~ -won ¦ championship , "¦ cake walk
prizes for.. the Stewarts at the California
Theater last night. Not that they, did not
deserve- the i applause that greeted them
throughout-; their • fancy motions, but be
cause they were local walkers. ¦ The noise
that. filled the playhouse during the decid
ing of the contest was , deafening. That
part of audience that ! occupied seats
in the orchestra,' dress circle and balcony
favored^ James : Crosby /and Ida'- Butler,
members of : the . company, but their ap
plause, was Insignificant compared with
the tremendous sound - generated by the
gallery gods. - . .
Oppenheimer, perforce, ' had ' to
give a decision tq# the couple securing the
greater applause; and he : therefore pre
sented the immense cake and gold medal
to the Stewarts. Had he bfeen a Solomon
he. would: have given the cake to one cou
ple and the medal to the other and called
it a draw. But .being- the manager of the
theater, he had to decide with the majority
of — ..-a-- i|j'iiini \r " || j jTi(i»ifirtBrttir~*tfirr" '. "
cided in Favor of Local
Dancers.
Contest at California Theater Is De-
STEWARTS CAPTURE THE
CAKE AND GOLD MEDAL
Of the defendants, Neely, Rathbone and
Reeves were seated on one side of the
room and Moya and Mascara, the Cuban
stamp clerks, on the other. Neely showed
no signs of his confinement. He has
grown stouter and was in good spirits.
Upon the opening of the court Rathbone
was informed by the Judges that his
counsel, Senors Lanuza and Desvarnina,
had withdrawn. The .court asked the
other counsel for the defense if they
would assume charge of Rithbone's case
and being answered in the negative ap
pointed Lawyer Pascua. a court employe
and gave Rathbone one hair in which to
consult with his new coutsel.
The court then asked Neuly to plead and
the latter responded that he had never
heard the accusations against him; but
after consulting with/ his counsel he en
tered a plea of not guilty. . Rathbone
Moya and Mascara .also pleaded not
guilty and Reeves was granted permis
sion to wait until the next session of the
court before making his plea.
Senor Zaya, Neely's counsel, asked that
the accusation against his client be read.
He said he had not given instructions to
Neely, as the court. had not allowed him
to consult documents and examine papers
in order to prepare his defense. The
complaint was- read in Spanish, consum
ing two and a half . hours. During the
reading Rathbone rose and said he de
sired to protest against the continuance
of the trial until he should have time to
get counsel of his own selection; and also
that if his plea was to be taken as a de
position he wished to withdraw it. " The
court said - that the plea would not be
taken in the circumstances and that
Rathbone's protest would be considered.
The court In its refusal to postpone the
trials said that there was no reason for
delaying the proceedings because the in
terrogatories and other evidence for the
defense had not arrived, since they might
arrive at any time during the trial. , The
defense takes the ground that the Gov
ernment is submitting a great mass of
documentary evidence, and~ that the
twenty days given them. in which to file
an answer Is not sufficient. :
HAVANA. Jan. 4.-The trial of the
cases arising from the Cuban postoffice
embezzlements opened to-day In the Au
dencia Court before five Judges The
courtroom is located over the prison in
which Neely has been eonflned. One hun
dred and eighty-two witnesses have been
called to testify and of these about elehtv
reported to-day.
-. The . overdue ship Hyderabad, seventy
days out from Newcastle, Australia, ar
rived \ln port last night. She ; encountered
stormy; weather during her, voyage and it
was feared that she had gone down in a
storm near the eauator. ;¦ -"
• During the voyage Boatswain William
Elliot, • while 'at work on the main rail,
fell overboard and was drowned. A life
preserver was thrown to him and a boat
was lowered with. the chief officer in com
mand. They cruised about for two hours,
but . saw ¦ nothing of ¦• the boatswain. On
returning to the ship and while on the
port quarter the boat capsized and the
chief officer ' and five men were thrown
into the water. They were all saved, but
the boat was swamped . owing to the
heavy sea which was running at the time.
•The Clan Macpherson also reached dock
last night. She came from Newcastle,
England, and had an uneventful • voyage.
liot, Who Fell Overboard From
the Main Rail.
Loses ; Her Boatswain, William El-
OVERDUE HYDERABAD
¦ ; V Jhas stormy voyage
Hearing of Cuban Post
office Fraud Oases
Begins.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Dorothy H: - Buckley against Joseph J.
Buckley for intemperance, Edwin W.
Plass against Hettie M. Plass for deser
tion. and Albert H. Piepenberg against
Eva L. Piepenberg for intemperance.
In the Divorce Courts.
NEELY APPEARS
BEFORE JUDGES
Calif ornians in New York;
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Tho following Cal
if ornlans are in New York:
i From 'San Francisco— Dr. Sweeney, at
the Victoria; J. B. Steenbock. at the Im
perial;-M. Ward. and wife, at the Gerard;
I. ¦ Carpenter, at the Continental; C. B.
Critchlow, M. D. Juday, at the Broadway
Central; H. G. Tanner, at the Grand
Union; A. "Werthelmer, at the Park Ave
nue. . -.'
From Los Angeles— W. D. Carter, .M.
Pinard, at the Grand Union.
struction of Sewer Through
Sand Dunes.
Flans Have Been Submitted for Con-
.At a recent meeting of the executive
committee of the Sunset Valley District
Improvement Club Chairman Edward
Ewald submitted a report embodying sug
gestions having the approval of the Park
Commissioners to utilize • the sewage
from Sunset main storm sewer as a fer
tilizer and for Irrigation ' of the sands of
Golden Gate Park, west of Twentieth
avenue. The construction of this sewer
has been somewhat delayed. A change in
the plans, and specifications was neces
sary and the City Engineer's office 'has
been hard at wont to send them to the
Board of Public Works Saturday, Janu
ary 14, -1902, which will Immediately ad
vertise for bids for its construction.
The sewer will be constructed from its
present termination on . Fourteenth ave
nue and H street west, along H street to
a point not far west of Twentieth avenue
From this point the sewage will be deliv
ered into a septic tank to be placed in an
unfrequented - part of Golden Gate Park
west ' of Twentieth avenue.
Chairman Ewald also wishes to procure
an appropriation for 1 the grading and
macadamizing of H street from its Inter
section of Frederick street to the west line
of Twenty-fourth avenue: to grade and
macadamize Twenty-fourth avenue or any
other avenue near the center of Sunset
District from' Golden Gate Park to Ocean
avenue, and to grade and macadamize J
street from Twelfth avenue to the great
highway near the Pacific Ocean.
LISBON. Jan. 4. — The' Dutch steamer Danae
has landed here the crew of twenty-seven men
of the Italian steamer Sclpio, which was burned
at sea January 1. • .
FIRST OFFICER PETER NIL
SEN of the Walla Walla pro
ceeded to the offices of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company
after he landed from the Nome
City last evening, ' and there
made a report of the loss of the
vessel to which he was attached. \-"^
After leaving the offices Nilsen went to
his home, 236 Collingwood street, where
word of his arrival had preceded him. Nil
sen received a warm; welcome, from his
wife and two little girls, and though tlfe
hour was late, many friends were present
to' congratulate > him on his escape: from
a watery grave.
In speaking of his experiences, Nilsen
said: . ¦
"I' was asleep in my berth when we
were | run into, j The first I knew of any
thing wrqi;g was the terrific crash that
woke me up. I slipped on some • clothes
and' rushed on deck. I did not. see any
thing of the ship that had run us down.
Captain Hall was on deck when I got
there and he was giving orders in a cool
manner. The crew behaved with perfect
discipline and the panic. among the pas
sengers soon subsided. (¦ ¦ • ...
"The boats and • rafts were lowered in
good time and we had no trouble in get
ting the .'. passengers into them. The
weather was nasty and very cold. I
stayed with the Walla Walla - until she
went down. I was drawn .under water for
quite a distance and then I came to the
surface. .1 climbed on to a raft and then
transferred to another one. Three rafts
were in company -for • a time and then
parted. There were six people on my raft,
exclusive of myself. : I had five of the
crew and two passengers — Rev. Mr. Erick
son and his 16-year-old son. -- :
"When the mist cleared away in the
morning we could see the Dispatch, which
I then judged to be about a mile away
from us. She was headed toward the
harbor. We fastened . two oars | together
with a ivet coat stretched between them
and attempted to signal the Dispatch,
but our efforts were in vain. She evi
dently did not see us, as she proceeded
directly into the, harbor. We also at-
gave them all due credit for their hero
ism. He said: '
"From the minute the big French bark
crashed into our «steamer until we ¦ were
picked up nearly starved and frozen to
death our party underwent a harrowing
experience. Those of the crew that were
with me did more to help out everybody
on the ship than anybody else. -We
launched eight boats and • five life - rafts
and were trying to launch the last big
lifeboat on the upper deck when the
steamer settled so far that we all had to
scramble-for our lives. . : -; -
"We got to the side of the steamer and
jumped onto alife raft and shoved away,
but . were scarcely more than out of suc
tion range .when the Walla Walla went
down. We stayed- around the scene of
the i wreck and picked up several people,
including Mr. Nilsen, the chief officer/and
the Rev. Henry Erickson and his son,
who afterward died from exposure and
the effects of his submersion. We picked
up a woman, but our raft could not hold
her, so we placed her on another, raft. •'
"The suffering we | endured after we left
the scene of the wreck is simply ; beyond
human comprehension. We did all we
could for young Erickson, who died,
and as the father was fast succumbing
to the cold .and- exposure and the sight
of his- dead son .lying on the same raft
we ; dropped the body overboard. It was
a merciful act to do, both for our own
sakes and for the sake of the distracted
father. - , . «
"The fourth officer, the cook, the pan
tryman - and myself ' all : turned * to and
worked with a will with the oars, but we
could not make any headway toward the
land. The sea was running high enough
to harass the progress of the life raft,
and we made a game struggle against the
elements. We saw the Dispatch going
into Eureka and saw her come out later,
but we could not signal her. When the
first day passed we were all well nigh
worn out. r The night set in cold . and
blustery | and ¦ ; nearly every wave that
came along washed over us. 'We thought
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS
FOR THE SUNSET VAI.LEY
Captain Daniels lives in this city at
Fifth avenue and Le&ora street, where
his family at present reside. He is well
known on the Sound and in the Nor in -
west and had been engaged in operating
the fishing schooner for . years. The
schooner is one of the old timers in the
local fleet. During the summer she had
been in the habit of operating on the hali
but banks below Cape Flattery, . off the
straits, but in the winter went to the
north with the rest of the vessels simi
larly engaged. ' " • ; .
The first advices of the destruction of
the '. Sunde • reached Wrangel Narrows,
where the- steamers take aboard the fish,
and was there sent down via the Dolphin.
Purser McClinton endeavored to learn if
any of the crew had been lost, but no one
seemed to know whether they had been
saved or not. The craft was owned by
her captain, John Daniels, but E. B. Dud
den of the firsh company had a slight in
terest in her.
. | The steamship Dolphin, which reached
port from the north this morning, brought
news j of the wreck. ¦ Tins ' particulars are
very meager and ;only go to . show that
the vessel is on the rock beach, hopeless
ly damaged by the wind and waves. She
went' ashore during a blow succeeding
the storm of Christmas night, -which
brought grief to so many vessels in
northwestern waters.
SEATTLE, 'Wash., Jan. 4. — Th«
schooner Norman Sunde of this city, one
of the best known craft of ' the fishing
fleet, is a total wreck on Five- Fingers
Island in Alaska, and Captain! John Dan
iels and his crew of four men have not
reported. ! It is thought extremely im
probable, however, that any lives were
lost, as the men aboard undoubtedly had
a good opportunity to reach shore safely.
Special Dissatch to The Call.
Well -Known Schooner
a Total Wreck rbh
Alaska Rocks.
VESSEL ASHORE;
CREW MISSING
I was not on the bridge when the acci
dent occurred nor was I in charge of the
ship when the Frenchman struck her. I
was relieved by: the other watch ' exactly,
at 4 o'clock, and at twenty minutes past
4 we were run down. Third Officer John
Edward Hughes was on the bridge when
the two vessels came together,, and as I
had not turned in I went to his assist
ance. That is all I, care to say about this
matter until the investigation comes off.
I will make a report to Mr. Goodall to
morrow, and .until then I do not care to
discuss any, of the matters pertaining: to
the collision."
"A good drink of whisky as' soon as
they put us. aboard seemed worth any
price* The captain and crew of the Nome
City treated . their shipwrecked : mates
with the utmost consideration. They did
all in : their power to make us comfort
able.. •¦•;-...- - - .
every minute that Mr. Erickson would
die, and all the boys spent a great deal
of time paying him little attentions that
might ease him or make him. feel that
there was still hope.
"All day the next day we rowed hard
to keep up r our courage and warmth in
our bodies, , and when we saw the Nome
City coming along we put extra steam
to our pulls because we knew it was our
last chance. We made signals to the
Nome as best we -could and ' at last at
tracted their attention.
The news of Nilsen's safe arrival home
spread through the Mission last night and
caused much rejoicing as Nilsen numbers
his .friends by the hundreds.
"Yes," the father replied, "I prayed to
God also out there . on . the . lonely water,
and he answered our prayers." -
Nilsen -was hardly . able "to speak last
night owing to the • severe cold he had
contracted and the exposure he had been
subjected to on the raft. Tears were in
the eyes of the rescued officer as his lit
tle girl, ¦; Agnes, climbed to his, knee and
putting her arms around I his • neck said.
"I knew that God would give you ¦ back
to us, papa, for I prayed to him all night
to send you to us. Did you pray to God
also?" . . - .
Not until last evening did Mrs. Nilsen
and her ' children ¦• receive news that
brought consolation ' to . their stricken
household. Immediately Nilsen landed he
telegraphed to his wife of his arrival and
a few minutes later Mrs. Nilsen received
a telegram from Eureka from her. brother.
' VOur raft commenced to drift down the
coast, and while we were drifting we
again saw. the Dispatch. She- was com
ing out : : once , more to the scene . of the
wreck, i Again we attempted to signal
her. but again ' we ¦ were unnoticed. •
• "When young Erickson died I did my
best to lighten the grief of his father,
who was very weak and exhausted. We
held a consultation and decided that it
would be best to cast- the body off the
boy into the sea. '
"Our experience on the raft was an
awful one. We were afloat for thirty
six t hours without a drop of water to
drink or a bite to eat. Air that time we
kept a lookout for. the other boats or
rafts, but never sighted them. Last night
about 5 o'clock we sighted' the Nome
City and they saw our signals of distress.
Theybore down on us and came just in
time, for we were exhausted. ' The Nome
City, brought us down to San Francisco
and all on board worked hard to make us
comfortable."
Nilsen's wife was. utterly prostrated
when, the news of the Walla Walla's loss
reached her. In addition ¦ to her husband
being on board she had a brother in the
crew— E. Johnson, a seaman.
tempted to row In after her, but we could
make no headway with our unwieldy
craft. .-.--.' ¦¦¦-'¦ ..,'.-..¦ ¦ . ¦ • ¦¦ •..
After the body of the boy had gone
overboard the father became more and
more despondent Despite the advice of
his -companions, time and time again he
filled -his hands with water and drank
it. down. This added to his misery,, and
his companions feared that he would be
the next to succumb. J'he sea was run
ning high and dashing over the raft, but
all clung on tenaciously through the long
hours of. the day and the longer hours of
the night. They hoped against hope^hn
til the Nome City picked them up. The
Rev. Mr." Erickson was the first to be
lifted aboard. He was at once placed in
bed and as carefully tended as circum
stances would permit. - It is thought he
will recover from the terrible effects of
the exposure, unless he succumbs under
his great grief.
¦ : thirty-six hours' battling with
the waves, now lies at St. Mary's Hospi
tal, a physical and almost a mental
wreck. , To add to the misery of those
thirty-six hours of terrible torture the
pangs of thirst drove Erickson to frantic
attempts to slake his thirst with salt
water.,
The. Erickson family. • excepting: the
mother, were second class passengers.
When the crash: came they were awak
ened, and^all got on the upper deck to
5Si n - ?f. r i- Erickson and the two
younger children got separated from their
father and elder brother. What their fate
was is not known, but it is presumed they
W^i e dr< ? w i Ie , d when the - vessel went
dow _ n - '¦¦- Erickson and his son clung to
fi e j; * a ?w w . er , e P ltch ed into the water
clear of the sinking steamer.
They floated around for some time and
finally were picked up by the life raft, on
which were a number of. the officers of
the Walla Walla. It was almost day
break when they were found, and they
were in an exhausted condition. Father
??. L S K n * W u re l . I)ulled on the "S ht struc
ture, rbut the boy was too weak to stand
the exposure. A few hours later he died
In his father's arms, and after the heart
broken parent Bad bowed his head in si
lent prayer over the corpse of his son the
body was consigned to the waves as ten
derly as it was possible under the circum
stances. .•-.... ...
f . ¦ HE Rev. Henry. Erickson, who
I sailed with his wife and
i three children, had the mis-"
.- ¦.'¦""• fortune '.of. losing: all his
I family, one son dying in his
•¦¦ arms from exposure, and, after
Officers of the Walla Walla : Give Gra Hours on
the Open Sea, Drifting on a Life Raft, Unprotected Frpm the Gold and
Waves and Without Food or Water, Before Rescue by : the Nome "City
AGONY OF HUNGER AND THIRST
TO THE HORRORS OF SHIPWRECK
THEf .SAN; FRANGISCp, CALL, SUNDAY; 5, 1902.
The Nome City came into port last evening with six survivors
of the 'Walla Walla wreck aboard. They were Chief Officer Nilsen,
Second Of fleer : Lupp, Third Of fleer Brown, the Bev. Henry Erick
son, J. Shiel, _ pantryman, and J. Morea, third cook.*. They were
picked up off Trinidad after thirty-six hours of exposure, without
food or water. The Rev. Mr. Eiickson's 16-year-old son reached
the raft ; with 1 his father, but died from exposure a few hours later.
The survivors tell harrowing' tal 6s of their sufferings.
19
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES COUGHS
IN A^EW HOURS
0%^m Coughs
7* — /^ftyjr re stopped in twenty
fl'Jlrw r— minutes and cured in
ilniuralf^jr two days by simpiy
T inhaling Hyomei a
"""~Tfcp»aLr""- few minutes ' every
Irritating Coughs
Dr.; Piexce's Pleasant Pellets should be
used with .". Favorite Prescriptiou when-
ever a laxative is" required." .
n Favorite Prescription " makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
no ¦ substitute - for } the "medicine ;: which
works 'wonders ' .for {weak : women.
"I had female trouble for eight years," writes
Mrs. L. J. Dennis, • of 8a8 Bast College Street,'
Jacksonville, Ills, j « Words cannot express what
I suffered. '<; I sought rtlitf among, the [ medical
profession and found none. ' Friends urged me to
try Dr. plerce't Favorite Prefcription. . iWhcn I
commenced taking this medicine I \, weighed
ninety-five pounds. Now I weigh one hundred
and fifty-six pounds — more than I ever weighed
before/ I was so bad I would lie from day to
dav and long for death to come and relieve my
suffering. I had Internal inflammation, a dis-
agreeable drain, bread ng-down pain, and such
distress every month, but now I never have a
pain — do all my own work and am a strong and
healthy woman.";-' :•:;:. .. ¦
"FRUIT OF THE LOOM."
IF WE FAIL. TODO AS WE AGREE. SPE- .
¦-'dallsts for men., Aa.many physicians anJ
others have -nq a '.red regarding our ORidlNAL
NEW, METHOD ; of treatment 1 for all troubles,
we have 1e: : 3jd'to demonstrate by. send'ng't»
all who may desire A FREE TRIAL TODAT-
MENT r UNTIL , FEBRUARY 1ST. . State ¦ case
plainly 'and- receive plain package - by mail.
I >nK.vWILLIAMS & CO.,. 140 Geary et. -
$lGG0Reward
OUR CUSTUMtrii,
EXPECT BARGAINS.
We have alwaj-s boasted of giv-
ing better values than our compet-
itors, and our customers have al-
ways found us honest and true,
and that is why they have confl-
uence and trade with us. They ex-
pect something extra good and are
never disappointed. Here is a rec-
jrd-breaker to start the year right: •
f>adl**s' vici kid laoe-^hoes. straight
foxed latest coin toes and tips, %
double soles wiin extension euge*.
THE PRICE REDUCED TO
SI. .S3. £izes 2% to 8, widths A
to E-.
CLP fi
Boys 7 Armor Clad.
Built for wear and tear. Neat In
Bppearance, but solid and durable.
Boys' satin calf lace shoes with
coin toes and tips and double votes
studded with circlets.
Youths' siies 11 to 2 81,20
Boys' sizes 2% to VA $1.45
We close at 6 p. m. on week day*
and 11 p. m. on Saturday, and wilt
continue to close at those hours,
provided all other shoe stores do
the came.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
IO THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.
.Swamp-Root, discovered by . the" emi-
nent * kidney and bladder specialist,
promptly cures kidney, liver.- bladder and
uric acid troubles. . .. ..;
Some of .the early symptoms' of weak
kidneys are pain or dull acne in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, ner-
vousness, catarrh of the' bladder,, gravel
or. calculi, bloating, sallow - complexion,
puffy or dark circles under. the eyes,, sup-
pression of urine, or compelled to 'pass
water often day and night. " 1" .«
The mild and extraordinary . effect of
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is soon real-
ized. It stands the highest for Its won-
derful cures of the most-distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have
the best. . ;"
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney, liver,
blander or uric acid trouble you will find
it Just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes. You may have. a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it. Including
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers cured, both sent free by
mail. "Write Dr. Kilmer & Cq.> Bing-
hamton, N. T., and please mention that
you read this generous offer in The Sun-
day Call. - ;¦*.,*
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT PBEE BY MAIL
The ; : .6reat Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Eemedy.V
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
;i)i- TnT.ivrRB's swamp-soot.
Tho Bev. Dr. Joseph Pullman- •
STAMFORD, Conn., Jan. 4.— The Rev.
Or Joseph Pullman, presiding elder of
the \ev Tork East Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church. ««*
Dr Pullman was a delegate from the
?ew York conference to the General Con^
Terence of the church in 1888, 1S92 ana
1900.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Men and women of taste and judgment
go into ecstacies over the •wonderful pat-
terns, textures and colors which are "the
fruit . of the loom." , But • there is one
fruit of the loom >y.
they rarely con- \v^V
8ider, and that' i9 * —sev \\V
the frail and faded t&MM ///
woman, old before fjS3v%3 M/fi
her time,' because ffS^^ V '/ —£_ .
necessity compels . . jSc^^r / jf"' '¦
her to work under . . /^">$ liffljlffijfjr ¦
conditions,, which j I -Y \ V 1.
which weaken and /JjESBk '
may in almost all r^^
cases be cured by >Kk^ > '
Pierce'a Favorite H^^n \*\\
establishes re g u- ra^ffl j-4
ening drains, heals v •J^SwSBHMaBn| |
inflammation > ' and JIEbBSHm»|
nlceration. . and ¦ BratffBMHBHflsWM
cures female weak- BlBIHiWP^^
|j Fan Francisco. Sunday. • 5 January, 1902. §
fpr j.>j > J yya»MlM»A^*BS»i5»n JsMBBMasaaksMaffaraa* 1 B
Facts about our I
sectional bookcases I
Probably no line of furniture has sprung into favor so u
| quickly as sectional bookcases, and yet it is easily explained. H
as the expansion system is almost a necessity to N house the B
accumulating books. As this condition arises an additional a
section is purchased at slight cost, and the bookcase grows | |
with your library and meets your requirements. As there Jj
are several makes on the market and all are about the same B
i price, therefore merit is the main consideration. B
All of the objectionable features, such as iron bands on ¦
the sides and shelves projecting between doors, have been fl
overcome in the system we offer. In this system, while of ~
necessity built in sections, they are so nicely joined together / . Q
that the outward appearance is that of a solid, handsome piece 9
of furniture and an ornament to any room. S
The doors operate on roller bearings and cannot possibly B
bind. This ingenious device allows the door to be operated M
with a single knob, leaving one hand free for removing or K
replacing books. This is the only system in which a glass can B
be replaced by. simply unhooking the door. In all other makes I
the books must be removed and the case taken apart. As to S
the quality of lumber, cabinet work and finish, these we guar- I
antee to be first-class. Your choice of oak in golden finish or fl
mahoganized birch. M
Sold in separate sections as follows: Top section, $2.55; S
Q}£-inch book section. $3.45; n$4-inch book section. $3.75; |
I3f4-inch book section, $4.35; base section, $2.25. ¦
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) V I
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue, j
B.KATSCHlNSKi |
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
10 THIRD STREET. SAB F3AKC1SCD. §
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Send Name and Address To-Day~You
Can Have It Free ; and Be Strong /
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
How any man may quickly cure himself after been 'extraordinary. It nas completely braced
years of suffering 1 from sexual weakness, -lost- me up. I am just as vigorous aa when a boy
vitality.' night losses, varicocele, etc.- and en- an . d n *° u cannot realize how happy J am."
large small; weak organs to full size and vigo. n^l^^uT^T^fJ^^^
Simply send, your name and addrew to Dr. I*, and .vigor have completely returned and en
W.'. Knapp. : 1373 Hull, building, 'Detroit; -Mich., largeznent is 'entirely •satisfactory." . ."
and; he will /gladly,: send the i free receipt, witn • "Dear Sir— Yours was received and I hart ««
full directions so that any man may easily cure trouble In making use of the receipt as dirert»ri
himself at home. ;. This is certainly a' most gen- and can truthfully • say it Is a boon to wpftr
erous offer, and. the! following extracts .taken, men." :I, am. greatly improved In size strana-th
from his daily mall show what men think of and vigor." ;-. . »ir»ngta
his generioslty:^MeeaBSEffiMEaBaiHMB9BSK.*' All correspondence Is strictly connd»nr<^i
* ."Dear < Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. Tne
for yours, of recent date.- I have given your is free for th« asking and ha wanta mvmJ^J ™
treatment a thorough. test and the benefit has to have it. -. \ •-, -»«r man
i \ which keep you
>=3L*~Jlj! I n q , -wake all night.
/ S> are relieved in
l&Mf\ fyn Y&£ ten mlnutes and ¦
>9vSsf' \ J I i£~^?- cured before
J*V*3tMl/f f?^g%f' mornln S by
"g^TVL^U/ \k yyipT placing twenty
i *~*£^~^xCV/£__-"-'->' . drops of Hyo-
Tjfc 1 ) mei on a piece
J^v \1 1 7, of ' flannel and
Vm \ >/' ¦ pinning to : the
I (yty - night robe on
i' retiring.
\ *' *
free from the disease.
- Hyomel is the only s remedy which, csm
be inhaled Into the air passages; and thus
by direct application "destroy - the" germs
causing' the disease. 7 ) .
-HYOMEI is eold by all druggists or. sent ; by
mall.: Price $1 00. Send " to , The R. T.' Booth
Co.V' Ithaca," N. ? Y.'; - for, a : five j days'^ treatment
free and you will never take another teaspoon-
ta\ of stomach ' medicines - for such ' diseases, v
' ATH/ V. t^.T*TWT!TW KM'I'H"The Era of the French Republic,", or
the "French Revolutionary Era." beean
September 22, 1792, and ended December
ol , loUJ.
• Several pairs of pigeons which a sci
entist has observed in Paris have raised
their young in nests madfrentlrely. of hair
pins i collected on the paths of the Luxem-
Golden Gate Company of the Uniform
Rank will give a ball in Pythian Ca<3tle
on the night of the 14th inst.
Installations are now in order and the
new officers are being inducted Into their
several stations for -the current term
"When Supreme Chancellor Fethers re
turns to this city from Honolulu, about
the 22d inst., he will remain here for two
days, to confer with the merchants in re
lation to convention week next August '
H. Echaffner, grand keeper of records
and seal, will visit the lodge at Palo Alto
on th3 night of the 16th inst.
A new branch of the order is to be. or
ganized at San Bernardino on the 22d c*
February. Four new lodges are under
process of organization in various part
of the State.
Grand Chancellor Calkins . will, pay an'
offlcial visit on the night' of the 7th to
Dirigo Lodge in Oakland, and on the foi
lowing Saturday he will be with the lodge
in Macera.
Knights of Pythias.
• Miss Cora ¦ Smedberg ¦ leaves to-day", for
a trip East., Her departure -was put off
until after the McCutchsn entertain-
-The matinee tea given, 'yesterday by.
Mrs. A. Howard Turner at her home, 2121
Lyon street, was a.charmirig affair. One
hundred and fifty guests were received ; be
tween 3 and 6 o'clock. The Turner draw
ing-rooms were decorated in red berries
and foliage. ¦ Mrs. Turner was assisted by
her mother,"" Mrs. Charles H. Mann, I and
five other ladies— Mrs. James G.Spauld
ing,.Mrs. B. J. Root, Mrs.' Charles Gom
pertz, Mrs. F. I. Turner and Miss Nellie
Taggert. .
Miss Stella Fortmann was obliged" to
give up her luncheon and Uheater party
yesterday on account of severe illness.
Ten guests had been invited to a luncheon
at the • Palace grill and a. matinee at ' the
Columbia afterward, and those who were
to be the guests were quite as disappoint
ed as was the young lady. who was to act
as hostess. Miss - Fortmann has been, ill
in bed for two .weeks at her- home,' 1007
Gough street, and had no alternative but
a postponement. " The date of the next
luncheon is quite indefinite and depends
upon the young invalid's progress toward
convalescence. •
... . - ... : - '.. : . ... \
Mrs. Henry J. Newhall gave a charming
tea yesterday afternoon at her residence,
3521 Clay street, from 4 to 6 o'clock. .One
hundred guests were received and the af
fair was delightfully informal. [ The deco
rations were simple'.and artistic, consist
ing chiefly of roses and pinks! it
Mrs. Newhall was assisted, in receiving
by Mrs. H. F. Allen, Mrs. Nokes.:Mrs. : E.
W. Newhall; Miss Brown, MIbs Allen and
Miss Minnie Rogers. ,,. . , .'• • -
MANY CALLERS
AT SATURDAY
MATINEE TEAS
BOSTON. Jan. 4.— The six-day bicycie
ra.ee at Park Square Garden ended to
night in a fist fight which became gen
eral in a few minutes. McFarland and
Maya were the victors In the race. The
six leading teams were on even terms in
the distance traveled during the week,
the winning places being taken in the last
fcprint. The battle for firet money started
on the last mile. Until the fifth lap the
order was: McFarland, Freeman, Gou
grlotz, Leander, McLean and King. Then
Lc.ander, in a burst of speed, went ahead
of the field. He was going very fast and
McLean was after him. While rounding
the bank into the etretch Gouglotz and
McLean came together and went down,
the others running away from them.
Gouglotz was the first on his machine and
away he went. Leander held the leading
position until the beginning of the la«t
lap. McFarland jumped and won first,
with Leander second. Freeman third.
Kins fourth, ¦ Gouglotz fifth, McLean
sixth. Chevalier and Fisher captured sev
enth prize and Krebs and Keegan eighth.
Muller and Jack, who remained in the
icce until the finish, got ninth position,
but were outside the prize money. The
final scores were: • ,
McFarland and Maya, Leander and
Kntz, Freeman, and Munro, King and
Samuclson, Gougoltz and Simar, McLean
and Butler, 1193 miles 6 laps; Fischer and
Chevalier, 11S3 miles 2 laps; Krebs and
Keegan, 11S3 miles; Muller and Jaak, 1192
miles 7 laps.
Trouble began almost as soon as the
men were over the tape. McFarland, who
had won first place oniy by inches,
jumped off his wheel and hashed at Lean
der. Other riders and trainers made, a
grab for the men and got Leander out of
the way. Freeman next went after -Lean
tier and struck him full in the face*
Thereupon riders, trainers and spectators
took a hand, and for a few minutes the
affair looked like a riot. Policemen
lumped into the mass of men and
straightened out matters, but the eaccite
«ient was intense.
Tbe fight had been brewing: all day. It
Participants- In a Bicycle Contest
End It With Battle.
FIGHT AFTEB THE RACE.
•Miss. Margaret Olcese of Oakland enter
tained a number of | young \ ladies at , a
luncheon and theater^ party ! in this city
yesterday in honor , of Miss ', Eda- Collins
whose ¦ marriage to Herbert '¦¦¦ Gasklll wili
take place next Wednesday. Miss Olcese's
guests were:- Miss Eda Collins, Miss Eva
\orker, Miss Geraldine Scupham and Miss
Clothllde : Chichizola of . San ". Francisco ;
Miss Clara Archibald/ Miss Edith Larkey
Miss Ida • Larkey, * Miss Pearl ;• Morrison'
Miss Nettle Stevens, Miss Lois Stonesif er
and the Misses Archibald of New York
and-Mrs: R.^ S.< Kitchener. -
?' "_¦¦• »
This is the, second day of Mrs. E. ' J.
Rodolph's house party at jj San : Mated.
Miss^Gertrude Jack.'a guest of Mrs. V.
H.' Bryant, 2422 Buchanan street,' is guest
of honor.- Twelve people ¦- are ; enjoying
Mrs. Rodolph's hospitality-fdr three davs!
The coaching^ party yesterday was espe
cially delightful. • Miss Jack won . many
new: friends at . their informal reception
last evening. • ... "
i' A^ drlve , and a muslcale' are planned for
¦ T So , me . of- the" guests are:.' Miss Gertrude
Jack. Mrs. L..H. Bryant, Dr. H. ! Staats
Moore, Walter Feldmann, H. ; Broadworth
Plum, Frank ..-.'Rodolph.-'- Miss Louise
Hoffacker, Mrs. ¦ Ruby Bond and Miss
Hopkins. ¦ ¦ ; . • . -
MISSM.A. Will, leaves to-day for
Paris, where she will meet Miss Florence
Breckenridge and accompany her on an
extended tour . of / Europe. The trip
abroad : means more to both ladles than
two seasons of social functions.
merit, In order that she might take part
In the programme Friday evening. Miss
bmedbergr has been especially busy re
nearsing for some weeks and added so
much to the pleasure of the guests Fri
?ay evening, and incidentally her own.
that the function was well worth staying
over to participate in.
Leander's sprint bfoke up the alleged
combination, as it proved hard for the
three men said to be in It to keep the
places in the bunch •which would have
given them the advantage at night. Then,
to add to the friction, Leander started the
final sorint, and it was sooner than Mc-
Farland had figured on. It led to the spill
and made the race anybody's.
Referee Kelsey. who Is the New Eng
land member of the board of control, said
after the race that It was probable the
National Cycling Association would in
vestigate the affair, which he called one
or the most disgraceful on the track.
Afterward Freeman went to Kelsey to
protest Leander.
While trying to break the - three-mile
record Will Stlnson's front tire collapsed
and he was thrown. He received many
bruises and was unconscious for : some
time, but no bones were broken.
grew out of Leander's sprinting in the
afternoon, which threatened to break up
a supposed combination between MeFar
land, McLean and Freeman to take the
race in that order.
CLERK OF THE BOARD OB* SU
PERVISORS WHO DIED Eft
ALAMEDA,
The installation of the officers of Cali
fornia Castle of the Knights of the
Golden Eagle will take place on the night
of the 8th inst., and those of San Fran
cisco Castle ' .will be Installed on • tha
10th. The installing officer will be George
A.' McGowan, D. S. C. who will be as
sisted by W. 0. Miller* W. O. Macdougall
and F. E. Barrus. These officers will be
attired in the uniform of the degree of
chivalry, and it will be the first time that
such has been worn at an installation la
this city.
~ Pacific Temple, ladies' auxiliary, will be
instituted with appropriate ceremonies on
the 14th Inst. in Native Sons' building.
There are a large number of names on
the petition for a charter.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The funeral .will take place to-morrow
afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, in this city. The" body will be
cremated at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Mayor James D. Phelan has appointed
Supervisors Booth, Connor and Wilson as
a committee, of arrangements on behalf
of the Board of Supervisors.
Three ; months . ago Mr., Russell was
obliged to take to hte bed again and al
though the best attention was given him
he succumbed to ' his illness. It became
obvious that Mr. Russell was dying sev
eral days ago, when he experienced sink-
Ing sr>ells, each of which left him nearer
the end. ~"
Tf OHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk of the
1 . Board | of Supervisors ! for th© last
¦ thirty-four years, died at his home
QJJ in Alameda at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning. The* Immediate cause of
Mr: Russell's death was heart failure, su
perinduced by an attack of paralysis, with
which he .was stricken In November, 1899.
Since the first stroke Mr. Russell never
fully, recovered . hi3 health, although he
returned to his desk for a period of ten
months, shortly after the present Board
of Supervisors took office.
John A. Russell was long identified with the
Masonic ' order in San Francisco, was a past
master of Mount Moriah Ledge No. 44, F. and
A. M. ; a member of California Chapter No. 5,
Royal Arch Masons and of California Coman-.
dery No. 1, Knights Templar.
John' A. Russell's wife was a Miss Bevlns,
daughter of John A. Bevins, one of the prom
inent citizens . of San Francisco in his time.
They made their home on Telegraph Hill, where
Mr. Russell was one of the first settlers. "They
had four children — one son, John A. Russell
Jr., who died four years ago, .and three daugh
ters, Mrs. Dr. Edward A. Younger, Mrs. Edgar
Fainter and Miss Ado Russell, who, t with their
mother,- survive him.
• Fcr some years after his first assumption of
the office each new administration would have
some new man "slated" for the position of
Chief . Clerk, but would soon find the services
of Clerk Russell to be Indispensable and re
elect him to the position.
Mr. Russell was gifted with a special apti
tude for his work, and with a good memory,
and systematic habits he soon became one of.
the best posted men on municipal affairs in the
country, and was recognized as an authority on
all questions pertaining thereto.
Of his kindness and affability, both in and
out of his office, too much cannot be said. He
was respected and beloved by all the public, as
well as his friends and family. " -
Disappointed, , but not disheartened, by this
piece of bad faith Russell lost no time In find
ing other, employment. Still fond of the sea he
choee the water front as his Held and engaged
for a time as a stevedore. Soon he was made
secretary of the Riggers' and Stevedores' As
sociation, which position he was holding when.
In I860, he was selected by the late James W.
Bingham.then Chief Clerk of the Board of Su
pervisors, to be his assistant. Mr. Blngham
died on April 23, 1868, and Mr. Russell was the
following day made his successor, with Thomas
H. Reynolds as his deputy. From that time
until his death, thirty-four years, Mr. Russell's
service as Chief Clerk of the legislative body
of the I city was continuous. He was a strong
factor In modeling the laws and t ordinances
under which San Francisco has grown from a
small ; haphazard governed town to a proud
and powerful municipality, now already aspir
ing to soon reckon her half-million of popula
tion. . "
He had succeeded in building up. quit* a
profitable trade, when, one day his partner
sailed away.' with their vessel and was never
heard of. axaln. . ,
In his eighteenth year he came by way of
Cape Horn to the newly discovered gold fields
of California, arriving at San Francisco early
in 1&50. Leaving the sea he journeyed up to
the placer mines of Calaveras County and went
to digging. He had a. fair run of luck as
things went then and by. the end of the season
had' accumulated a few thousand dollars In
cold dust. • ¦
Toward the end of the year he paid a visit
to San Francisco, and while here saw an op
portunity for a profitable enterprise. .
He had never been so fully enamored with
a miner's life as to make him forget his first
love — the sea — and he concluded to remain
here near it. He Invested a good part of his
money In a small sloop and with a partner
set about supplying the need of San Francisco
for fresh eggs by gathering those of the sea
fowl on the Faral!one3 and selling them to the
dealers and restaurant men of the city.
John A. Russell was born In Edinburgh,
Scotland, in 1832. He had already received a
good grounding in the • schools of his native
town when. ' while yet a mere boy, he went
to sea. This , life he followed for about five
years ' durinsr which time he visited many of
the great seaports of both hemispheres and
gained a knowledge of affairs and an experience
with men that stood him In good etead in after
life.
of the Pioneer Days.
Experienced All the Ups and Downs
JOHN A. RUSSELL'S LIFE.
To-day Rich lies in . the .Walla Walla
jail, and may go to the penitentiary. He
dwelt In remote Coppie" Canyon,: In the
hills twenty miles from here, with a
woman named Ostrander.' Angered at a
neighbor squatter he shot the latter's cat
tle and was Jailed. Then he led an at
tempted jail break, and now is on bread
and water In a dungeon. Meanwhile the
mother and father In the East mourn him
as dead. No one has told them that "the
bad man of Coppie Canyon," or "Giant
Jack Andrews," is their, son Charles,
while no one here knew that "Giant Jack"
was of wealthy , Eastern stock until to
day. Rich, alias Andrews, will be tried
in the Superior Court this. month.
To-day it was discovered that John An
drews was Charles Rich and that he had
deliberately deceived his numerous Penn
sylvania relatives and prompted all the
information given out. It was because he
got into trouble here and wanted to save
his mother from the shame of knowing
it that the wandering son took this
course. Masquerading as Andrews, he
wrote back that Rich had lived forty-five
minutes after the explosion, ami that his
last thought was of his mother and his
last words "E>on't tell'her.".
WALLA : WALLA, Jan. 4.— Two years
ago Charles Rich, the son of wealthy
Philadelphia parents, left home to seek
his fortune in the West. ¦ Last fall the
parents received letters from John An
drews of this place, saying that' Charles
Rich had been blown up in a* thresher ex
plosion in the Palouse country. Through
Thomas N. Berry of 2511 Patton street,
Philadelphia, the parents investigated and
found corroborative evidence that Rich
was killed. . . ' .' '•¦•' ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Offenses Against the Law
Reveal the Man's Iden
tity. - •- ; - :
Philadelphia]! in • the
Northwest Deceives
|;|^^His^aTnily^
TELLS PARENTS
OF HIS DEATH
JOHN A. RUSSELL JOINS
THE GREAT MAJORITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1302.
20
THE FREE WEEK OFFEB EMENDED!
TO ALL WHO APPLY BEFORE JANUARY 12th.
JaS 1 ?^.!! F Ses^a?l?r1 R £ ffiS: 4 th6 BDFEKORni ° J D™.«S?2Xr
1^^- ' l» v Come to-day, come Monday, come any day this week, and Dps*
iPS&fey &£§!> I Shores will give you as a "test" of their skill and methods;
,^5^" ; ¦" One Week's Treatment ;
iLi^-jr V ' 1 ¦ . and Medicines Free!
/ ''jMm£$^>i*™\/!£j' . ' ' • * THIS GRAND OFFER WILL GO INTO EFFECT AT OVCE AVT> FiriT>m rro n>t\
/CHwavJk! i" in'i/»'."l /»>>TAV OAiOKUAI INlljlil Al f> (J I^LtULxv., JANUARY 11TW Tfl ATT U'Hn \ ddt v t.
WILLIAM L. BIUxVN. .CINES and FREE TREATMENT FOR ONE WEEK " MEDI-
Lost He srlrn^ Restored at 80-Years S lg not A CHARlTY.OFPER'it i; • piam mi.ine. a proposition, demon--
-William Evermont Bryan. 546 Pacific avenue, don'TBRJNOA CEN'TWTH vrm JP E m CE ?' k thrtr ne T treatmcnt -
for twenty year*. A good many, people know • KciVlfciVlDt K llilS- When Drs. Shores say they will give free treat-
me. I LOST MY HEARING in my right ear J*\ . . u t !"„> . . ment and medicines, they MEAN IT. The7 do not
about one year ago. I was TOTALLY DEAF ,. "* « to B™. " *°,]?' in °, un a broken-down practice. They do not give free treatment. AS A
in that ear-, bo deaf I could not hear a .thing B^ IT » h to B , e i y <P U 4.5. t 5L th / lr »1 f flces and then ROB TOU - Dr »- Shores' ONLY object Is to en-
out of It. The other ear was also affected. ; abl ° tha sick to TEST for themselves the ABSOLUTE HUPRRIORITY of their new treat-
¦-- This was my'condition w»en I applied to Drs. SJS^JttS^E.^ V°JS?> r S4£ > r i CATARRH -* ASTHMA. DEAFNESS. BRONCHIAL AND LOO
Shores for treatment. K have- doctored with \ T r^?^ B^?rD? Y v^^ SI dVr? HEUMATISM - HEART TROUBLE. SKIN DISEASES, FE-
other doctors formy. deafness, but their treat- ' }^ L MjS^F^ J '^^ e^ W> ' EY AND LIV ER TROUBLES. EPILEPSY AND ALL FORiI3
ment never did me any good. I can feay Drs. °^ CHRONIC AND DEEP-SEATED PRIVATE DISEASES.
Shores' treatment helped me from the start. . : '-*fV • » a. T*% 4 ' >^ '. • w*.
After I had taken THREE treatments from I'lAtl T r"£l 1X7 O I .qf fl t"l O KOfyl
Drs/ Shores I FELT MY LOST HEARING RE- '^vll U UUy d Vdl 111 d Dci^l
OOULD N HEA a Ri«YSvAVcH d TI O CKDisTmCT- ' :^^^ V^DISEA^Fq I^PS^.$S»^?l? °«AND TKEATME^T FOR CATARRH
LY from the deaf ear. My catarrh In my head 55^ CHRONIC DISEASES FOR ONE \VHOLE WEEK. WITHOUT PAYING OUT ONE
and eczema on my no*e and face Is much bet- tT.'= m,.».. „„#-,,
ter. MY HEAD. WHICH WAS STOPPED UP. Vv L ki iJ ?I fv, . offiCQS "* capped with the latest and most MODERN APPARATUS
IS NOW CLEAR, and I breathe»good. through Jt thl J^^ * ? j t r . medlc>at e« and soothinf: balms and HEALINO OILS to
mv nose.' •,-¦ ev er J P a^ f « - f * h f ™ *J mbranc of the nose, throat, eustachian tube?, and lutign. curing many
, Wlt ; is, now over four months since I stopped caB !I?, n O / „/?£ nCS , *' S, 1 ?™, 11 an^ i" ns double that have herptoforp teen th.viqht lncnraMe on
Drs. Shores' treatment, and I can say the gooa *"?" nt ?l F'"JS: "if^J "^ *?„ f ?> t D Vi e " < U^ IT ALTZ ED AND HEAUNG nALMS.to.thp <ll S cax°3
leeults received Yrom Drs. Shores' . treatment jC'nHPnw niap? A J R - H> ? EA p»ESS. BRONCHIAL or LVNq TROUBLE or ANY
have been PERMANENT. .,' >. ,-:.-»••:;. .... J^fL^t O^« l S «i? opportunity of testing the virtues of this r»w
•¦I heartily recommend Drs. Shores & Shores to treat i? en^ ,4 BSC ; Lini y B !'X FUF.T5 OF CHANGE
all in ne^d of compftpnt heln. . • ¦¦-•.: ' ,¦ } ne burden of proof of the absolute permanent HEALING virtues of Dra. Shores' NEW
¦(Signed) -¦¦¦: •'- WILLIAM .E. BRYAN, .. treatnient now rests on these doctera.; It to^ts- vou »b«nJut*>ly nothing- to learn what Dr«
; -:: 516 Pacific ave.. Alameda. Cal.'v Shores new treatmtnt will do for you. IF YOTJ APPLY BEFOBJE JANUARY
Free MeJiciass bylMail , '^ v "'"¦ - — — —— —
¦' If you .llvo^away from-' the city. "and :cannot f\ F% C* £> 9 9 /\ BTk HT '£% t\ OBI) »>. r- r>
call. WRITE to Drs. Shores, fully describing 9 Q }# BKCr Js 8=9 S S| Sw° 8- VSv C • •• «
your case, and Inclose 25 cent*, in stamps (to LrflttV_J« OI|\/8bLc/ Os tjfl B«ff|« Q «3« !
pay:for packing: and; to prepay, postage or ex- - ¦ • • . =¦ . -^T u a ¦— >_»^r »- x*«*ji»i»j«.»jj
r 5^^^^AT^i?5Sv a 3^^SK CST^3Tn tly WILEY B. ALLEN BUILDING 933 M&RKET ST
TREATMENT ¦ " AND ' MEDICINES. . ABSO- i-ocatea in /J, ' j !n. • °' """ "» rt "ft»-l Will
LUTELY, FREE AS A- TEST OF! THEIR V : - '•''•( * hl »*d FIOOP.) SAN FRANCI6C0, CAL.
SKILL. CONSULTATION; FREE TO ALL. OfflM Hours^-Week Day,. 0 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 3. Sundays. io a. m. to 12 noo*
g— . ¦_¦-. . . : ' ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ V ' ; '-..¦'¦¦ •¦'' - ' - '¦'"' - ¦ ¦ ¦. . ¦.. ' - - .— ¦¦"'¦ ~T5
V 0 ft f) fl fl 111 ft Ai/ r^^^^ BPfek IB^^ MjSL R3j W^L M Pi ' m a^| fA MM in^Ei R ET^^ iijfl DTkA SSi B« M Bj^^ ' B^L H K^^^ —^w
y~ . _...-. "i >¦.--...,•¦ £j£, . . ''...'.¦ : . -:'; :^f ?'¦'.'-¦.",. ' ... ¦*' .y; ." i. .-'¦'¦' .¦'¦.» ' V : ' ¦ ¦" i -^S'
% GREAT LINING SALE. I Tl iR,cElcufTMic W EV^R KINOWn" 0 I EXTRAORDINARY ||
M w f «*•"*, no r«* EMBROIDERY 3
«^~ We offer, commencing to-morrow, 4000 yards . , , . ¦? ¦ i™. -»"*»«. _ ¦ . • "r"T ."**'¦¦'¦-.¦» ¦,V:- :^ ¦,. ••' . . <
9C= Broc&ded Armure skirt Lining. 32 inches wide, phenomenal sales in our history. There has been no busier RARPAIWQ "^ -
imVfT 1 * 6olor8 and black: a "i^io^v^ store in San Francisco for the past week than this one. The " Drt v" /I ! I H'; 3
SI sales so far lead all previous records. The GREAT VALUES bS^^aiue^TeXTpSU^^^V 611 ?" 2
SS» iirn/fmiTm r*i» •/ iiAnrrnr . ... . ¦ •• . . .. • . • . • v ji ¦ oroiaery values we nave ever been able to of- *^*
•" MLKLtKIZtU oILK MOREENS. are the result of our determination to make a quick disposal fer. we contracted for them months ago m 12
60c Quality o- 31c Yard of all Odds and Ends and Fall and Winter stocks. Again- for £?« i^ll^l 3
St: An unprecedented offering of hijrh-srade silk this week we have prepared a list .of bargains unapproachable and insertions^ .... , ,
£ a^nSSSSt^-^ar^iiSa in ever y :™***. and *™*.™ *«*°™ * »*' e*™*™ ™»* :&SS^:tS^^::igJS-^\ '3
Quantity left. Every yard worth 00c; ealo breakers. These items are only a few Of the many placed On 25c .Embroidery, 7 Inches wide.... 18c .yard "2
g— crice :ilc a. yard sa l e . - - . , -1 | 35c Embroidery, 9 inches wide. .. .a2e yard ZS
•£= Great Glove Bar- r»- j j /\f»(» • ' • JT*1 ¥!• :r JL'' \T 1 Remnants of Dress v
e tessarli Greatest Offerings in The Biggest Values .*
C= J?~SJ£ lr &tteA aUd - . ¦ °- ' OO * Every short piece o«J ==S
-i srfe^s Black and
•^ a^l 5? and W £ 8 75 a ' . i : - ' . of original
"^ f*^" v a , ssort ™" nt Last week's sales of Silks have made this section the We want to make the coming week still busier than i^"! or , C0£t -- a3 *°»- -m :
iuTtoiSiSarSI talk of the city. Great inducements were backed up by the last one. therefore had to prepare for greater val- IJ^^ 8 -------^
¦£. the best colorings; the sterling: qualities. To-morrow's prices are even lower ues. Here we quote some of them, which we declare $ 1#5O $2 <ioods!;75c
ZZ re*i F^nch* Wd; b ?he an(^ preparations are trade for ano.ther week of EX- have never been equaled: • • , , ' LACES -^
latest etltched backs. TRAORDINARY SILK SELLING. . ,- unUCQPIIMQ «5 pieces • All-wool' Homespuns. 40 Inches To . oh cn Laces '' Edr
ZZ with fashionable clasps. , , , /OC HUMtirUflO w | d e. extra heavy: a very serviceable Ings and Inser'^nf" =S
£ bath rob s PANNE FINISH PEAU DE SOIE. ™*Jr£SZ££ l £ l l?r& AT 44c YARD, S5S. 0 Lu% ra Z?£™'y£Z 'Stf^llSSF
g $2.93 Each. $1,00 QUALITY 59c YARD. p k eVb a &$ q th a e ity P o r Vr CTearance price • • "" ?v-,v---™ 4 *« Sffi 'Z*& L^Tol 3
Broken lines of la- weave for complete dre^es or waist*; Panne' finish Peau dl STORM SERGE BOc YARD. 1 Price '^ yar^
St: dies' Bath Robes, made Sole that is well worth $1 a yard; in colors of white, cream. dIUnffl OCnOC OUC IMnU. storm Serge; a dependable Price . . . . . .. =r -^J
of all-wool Eiderdown light blue, turquoise, cardinal, ol.i rose, reseda, tan, royal, nray Kegnl« V»ln« 85e wearing cloth , in^Bhades^ of •;......... TanlOW
S StTn^nr^r^,?- "* SSS 59C and^cadet'th, S5c kind. Sale |^^p^^K Gr ™^ Oddg
SILKS AND FOULARDS K,r^ e^ d X^. BL'CK CHEVIOT 48c YARD. JL^'J^JSS a^ : O L^^ 3
B "•"¦••••^$2^ 50c YARD. w n .ii M in J » H^MSiH negnltr Valw " 8 V"S^^FZ$& JSS i&&8&£& 3
T^L *"«Or"f«r <i r1i»«= PenUne effects,; Jn the most exquisite color combinations. In value 75c yard. Sale-price '.... ...Yard4Sc j"L, s ° IIe^ : n c ° m P r £ in S -2
t>9c for S»l Belts dark and ll S ht. Also Silk Foulards, broken lines; 24 Inches, iir|irTiiu lun O^rtAnPI OTU The quality for which you al- etc? si and «Kn =^
•»- We have gathered iie - in handsome designs. Silks that sold as high as $1 25 VENETIAN AND D.iUAUbLU I fl ways pay at least ?1 35 a yard, riduJt \%A *' 3
together many of this a y ard - To cIose « ..¦ Yard COc QQ p YARD Bj? V»l. $1 35 A dependable wearing cloth; to 25c and • OUC
»- eeason> best selling „,.„,, „-,,, «- ««,^ i"J^ -v, ', 5*OC lAnU. ft '3 '»>• ?*•»» Btr ictly all wool; fully 52 . * * • . H2
Jt: «yle^ of Ladles* Belts BLACK PEAU DE SO E 12 .°° > ? rds Black lt peau de S ° ie j an inches wide: of a fast black dye; well adapted for tailor-made EV BROIDERY ¦' Z^L
S= in tucked and corded r%O« VIDn t «. i , «tra heavy quality, guaranteed to lt Reduced for this sale. Special Yard O8c RFWiWAWTS ; IT.
satin and velvet; all 98C YARD. *«Ui $1-35 g^4~t,^ '-^/. T^?^ *| OE pSllirPU A Here we present the greatest value in Dress f r ,^^ NT8 u „
ZP are made In the latest at ?1 35. During this sale dresses, grand^aiue J|,^jj ftfUIULLA Goods that we have been able to offer you f r L «S5 Uuill Hjlf.
j^. dip effect and have the ur.gtmssaie xara,«sc .. y.nn for some time, for every yard placed on sale Hundreds of nem-
lCeS M»^ dIZ^ S i', Ver $1 % RfiNHfT TAFFFTAThls is. without a doubt, one of the tfOC * MnUl is good value at $1 25. This cloth- is of nants in Edgings ami^2
«E= £?.th^Ln^^^ 2l'£? DUIinCI.IArrtIA flnes t silks manufactured. It gives a satin and very lustrous finish; strictly all wool and for a Insertions. In the =25
it *i ifwi sTS? », 92C YARD. excellent satisfaction to the wearer; stylish street costume there Is nothing more appropriate than choicest patterns on _*«
g- ?,, *i = ttL ' "X^ . Zi,,,, I I . ful 'y 23 Inches wide, extra heavy, satin-finish Prunellas. Your choice of the following colorings— Cambric and Nalnscok;
~Z AU markea... «Q/^ of a brilliant finish and regularly sells at SI 25 a yard. Clear- tan, mode, brown, old rose, reseda, royal and navy. - On sale, marked at less than "12
«— ach wt/v ance price , Yard 02c beginning to-morrow, at Yard 85c half price.
1 MARVELOUS REDUCTIONS IN- WHITE BLANKETS AND HOUSEFURNISHINGS. i
£ sale are of the highest order, well known and standard brands-all of them will b, .^
*r SHEETS AND PILLOWCASES. LINEN TOWELS-300 doz. 17x32; TABLE NAPKINS-200 doz. all-linen 2
Sfc to^ "alu? at S.Tbo nSr sa^^« T: G«*tly reduced for this sale; are stan- good quality; worth 15c. Sale price, Napkins, good quality, in choice de 8 igns; 3
Srici Da?r SS ° dard qualities, hemmed ready for use. . each:.... lOc regular value ?1 75 a dozen. Sale pfice. ~2
*— v ' v v *" r 300 doz. Pillow Cases, size 45x36; worth 200 dozen, size 19x3S; worth 20c. Sale P*r dozen $1.35 =3S
SZ -^ I** 0 - Sale price, each ...lie price each 15c " ¦ ¦ . . "*"•
200 pairs 11-4 White Blankets, extra heavy, 75 doz. Pillow Cases, size 50x30; worth 18c. ' -. • •• • ...... TABLE NAPKINS— 250 doz. soft Tin-
«£= S5 50 0V Zri^° r ™w '' worth 5i> ft b ' , J?* 1 ? prl^;, eacl l; / • • 1 : • v c - • • 13 « HEMSTITCHED TOWELS-150 d oz. Ish Damask Naaklns. 22 inches square. -J
j^ ?j* bale price, pair QJO I2o doz. Pillow Cases, size 54x36; worth .All Linen Huck Towels, with damask a " new deslsrns; never sold under $2 50 rS
«T~ j-o __,_ aU _ . ... '.,. _, J-L ' ale pHce « each 15c figures; size 20x38; crand value at 35c. a dozen. Sale price, per dozen $l.O5 —
\£¥i^4 e F-^^ & S lafe E P r rSe- 5 S ***«" |l^e *** *«"' «"* " $&i TABLE LINEN-25 pcs. 60-,nch> fine 3
n ss?' o; » th $ * M - £ale pric %S4- Sj :::::::::::::::::::::44c cbash toweling-ioo pcs . r us - bie ach ed Tame Damask, •» good quamy. 3
*^ * 72x90 eacii ..47J,4c sla Crash, a soft and absorbent qual- nice patterns; regular value 65c. Sale
SI BEDSPBEADS-20 doz. Honey Comb IK £& gfe lty: Worth81 - Sc - Special, yard...... 5c . Price, yard .......44c
SK= worth%i a 23 ae £ie ' h 5 m " ed : BATH TOWEis-100 " "doz '" extra LINEN TOWELING-50 pcs. Barns- TABLE LINEN-20 : pcs. 70-lnch 12
£= S ' 98C - heavf- Bath Towels si-e -1x44- re^ilS ley All Linen Crash. 17 inches wide; sold Bleached Linen extra heavy, desirable^
S= a »/OW 5^ J 22^ Sate priM. each. TT.IO^SS all over at 15c. Sale price, yard .... lOc Quality; worth $1. Sale price, yard..75« TJ
£ MARSEILLES QTJrLTS-15 doz. full BATH TOWELS-150 doz." dou"ble- COMFOBTEBS-Extra heavy, for BED COMFORTERS-20 doz. Com-
Z— 6iz« Marseilles iQmlts, Inelegant designs; threaded extra heavy Towels, 24 inches double beds, covered with - best silk- forters, filled . with "botton and covered^
— - we ". worth *2 2o. Sale price Cri-75 wide. 1% yards long; regular value 35c ollne; pure white cotton filling; great with silkolinc; worth ?1 50. Sale price --S
y~ each •- Ol each. Sale crice. each 24c value at f2. Sale price 91.30 ¦ each ; '.-.-. ..yt.nV -^
1 GREAT CLEARING OF LADIES' SUITS, SKIRTS, SILK AND FLANNEL WAISTS. |
it's f n $r£Jg l £5%?Sk nTw 'Sord^Uki ™\£. %*gi & 8lDgle ° V " r lnt ° 8eaS ° n ' D ° matter > t What l0S8: 3
£ $30.00anil$27.50ajQ 7c; $25.00 SILK toff rft $6.00 RAINY- ©0 fiO $7.50 and $3.50 ft Jj (\r 2
g SUITS dlO.fOEach OBESS SKIRTS I .UU Each ; DAY SKIRTS OU ,ud Each SILK WAISTS 54.ll D Each 2
S of^hfse^onT^erf^t \l NOte partlcularly the great bargains in , broken lines of Rainy Day Skirts that A Wreat" opportunity, for purchasing some 2
•= of the finest materials: high class "in every Women<s Dress sklr ts. an Immense saving selling at $6 00 each made Of the flnest Sllk WalEts at »'«~«t sacri- ==-
SC= way; made of imported Cheviots and Panne on everj' one. These skirts are made of pave De en semng at Sb.uo. each, made flce Inc i ude d are some of the handsomest — •
¦^ 3 «rtt fUMr^mmi d ' P £ heaVy PeaU de SoIe *** Taffe t«. In plain, of all-wool -hair line stripe Cheviots; of the season . Made of Satin Peau de Sole;
SH and Newport style; handsomely smened! fancy and hemstitched tope, fashionably; flounce nicely stitched, perfectly tail- trimmed with lace and Persian trimming." =35
Jt: also trimmed with velvet, silk and satin trimmed with fluffy ruffles of liberty sllk pred and fit guaranteed. The entire wearins. taffeta,- with accordion, plaited 2^J
bands. Skirts have full flare and graduated and satin, with gracefully hanging gradu- , f r An - A f ' t ., , . strap , effects. In the best colorings and -rg
i J^! D r aB iifm° Q8r I 55.50 and $6.50 00 A t m M0REEN CO QP $85 ° p™^ tR Rfl
E SILK WAISTS dZ.30 Each FLANNEL WAISTS &j.4O Eac'i PETTICOATS O/.Do Each PETTIG0A1S d3.3U.Eash
g— The largest ¦« alst business ever done in V* 1 • v La " • , w ™' " Don't miss this Petticoat offering, for it ~~~Z
this city naturally means many broken Novelty wool Waists— a grand collection, Ladies' Silk Moreen Petticoats made Is Indeed extraordinary. Broken lines of
»_ lines of fine garments, and tliese we must pf the handsomest waist styles of this ¦ - „ „"* «,, o n*. r . .„ +»,„ A"ji1 •{ Ladles' Silk Petticoats, made of a reliable -*»
»- close out at once. This season's styles of season; made of French Flannel and Cash- 0I a gooa Quality, in the leading col- wearing Taffeta, with accordeon plaited rS
2^; fine Taffeta silk, in hemstitching and tuck- mere; open front and back; embroidered ors; . with deep accordion-plaited flounce and ruche trlmmlns; In the bett —^
€^~ ing; fine fitting waists in the best color- and appliqued effects; in the leading color- <i nilrl ... ' n iwnv« ««1r» ot unn ! colorings and black; sold at, ?7 50 and — •
y- ings; were $6 00 and ?5 00.«£Q.i»8 Ings. Were f5 50 and $6 50. ToCQ.45 flounce, always sola at J4.1W. fi>Q.es $ 8 50. All have been reduced 'to. <C ps. u =S
5~- For, each O^ close, each .' (?O J3alo price, each ...:.. *P^-< — each ;,-,.q>t) _^ ,
I IMMENSE FLAMNEL BARGAINS. UNDERWEAR AND 'HOSIERY REDUCED. 1
g— This will be the banner week in our Flannel Department — the, values are better than fU i |Hl»"t1* « I^r* Hncf» I orliiac' Q^/- lln/lQm.^^.. :=s
i£Z- ever and preparations have been made to serve you better and more promptly. Read . vlHIUI Cll » IUC« HUOC iidUICa OOC UiiaSPWear
•fc- these Items carefully: " ||q Pflip ' ' ' •• O9r FqMi -^Z
CA^NTON FLANNEL-40 pieces. OUTING FLANNEL-200 pieces Children's fancy Black Hose heavv • "acn.
Bleached and rnbleached Canton Flannel; good quality, warm and fleecy Flannelette, • wpleht dnuh p knw«i »n<l XiM<. ?Ani- ; Ladles' Jersey ribbed Vests ani'^
n good quality; regular price 10c. y c in pink and blue stripes and checks: (* r sizes 5 to W- the reeular 15c 1 J»' Pants, in gray or ecru; neatly trim-
Sale price Yard C C the 10c quality. For :...YardOC ' g*es at O 9%. the regular loc J j q med> flnls hecl seams; gOOdOQr*^
•»- CASHHIEHE FliA "TNELE'ITE— FRENCH FI/A2OTELS— «5 pieces * p ' " value 35c. Sale price, each.... 4Ov r^»
5X '23 pieces Fleeced-back, Cashmere-finished All-wool French Flannels. In solid colors, *>PZ^ I T n J an . .,U.« M . .• - . -" . ' " —- •
«•- Flannelette, in rich dark colorings; suit- including the best shades of the sea- OoC UnuerWcaP . '' i : ~~~ -^
J^; ai.le for wrappers and waists; regu- Qf> son; regular value COc yard. Sale QQs> Olr F«rh I »Hl£*a' Nrt\/*»l*-»r Hnca ~~-
S^ larpricelSc. Sale price Yard */C price .Per Yard OoC DaCli. - . ,: . LaaieS NOVeity ilOSe _*,
EIDF^'OWN IXAUNELS — 60 NOVELTY FBENCH - FLJLN- Children's Underwear Vests and \ Q| c p a \ v ¦ . =38
pieces German Eiderdown Flannels, a NELS— 15 pieces Novelty French Pants. In fleece-lined. Jersey ribbed. " &1^ "P" • -^J
J^: heavy and fleecy quality, in pretty stripes Flannels, in all the rich color combina- .splendidly finished garments; in all Broken" lines of Ladies' Hoisery, in = 5»
op— and scroll effects and rich colorings; tlons, in stripes and dots Persian and sizes; gray and ecru; the regular 30c a good assortment of colors; In nov- -^
*— rerular price 25c. Sale price l^r* scro11 designs; sold at 75c and 85c AQ.r> and 35c kind. Sale price, each.. Qln elty effects; the regular 35c Cb 9 /-? -^n
'^. • Yard itlKf a yard. . Sale price Per Yard T^Ov -£IV* kind. To close, at, 'pair.......... 1C
I gUCCTIMP AMn DMinWPACIMP C ° UNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION ' ' ¦" . . . ' '. : ' ' ' ' "•';'"'
oHtcllNb AND FiLLuWGASINB. j4&*$P '•¦ /3L*c*s iiSfo SALE 0F 2
*' « SPECiAL OFFERING, xKttR 4 /So .L^m ¦ ' Rl Kf*tl \/n 1/rT D * r* D /TV \i £" ""**
SH We have been extremely fortunate In pro- JlT-* *iW/«yf«5 49$to f\ jwdfifflW W^Tff^PS&R^ "L^CI\ VLLYL! K!DCU>IO. *"*
cnt mill price. The entire lot goes on sale for f^^m._ff^/SW/ &/%[$&%&? '%m3TI& X^^m/ .*^ • . J IQW^ regular prices. They are all silk, satin t2»
m~- tail prices, as follows: a^g^\^8jS^^T <fytf&* _^<<*^r O- l--^* 1 ?^- value 50e. Safe price 40c piece
ST: 45-inch Bleached Pillow Casing; regular ir • . ?' " 'jfi ¦?^, c >'^ d - or . S0c a piece .^2
•T value 13'ic yard. Sale price Yard lOc Til'W > i[IHft)l ¦ u. u. hul i j i imii II iTTTTTgO^ No' . ; 4-"'At I2o 1*1*' ° r $J'VS a pIece =2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GUARANTEED CURB for mil bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, font mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion snd dizziness. . When your bowels
don't move regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases
together It is a starter for tha chronic ailments and long years of suffering that come
ifterwards. No matter what ails you, start takinc CASCAR&f S today, for yoowill nerer
get well and bo weUall the time until you put your bow«ls right. Take our advice, start
with Cascarets today under an absolute guarantee to cure or money refunded. Sainpio
'and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 503
:.. • ATlv jjnt'j.'lSETVTIK'N TS."Wanted Money Prom His Fiancee.
Justice of the Peace Long gave Judg
ment yesterday In favor of Miss Martha
Schwartzberg, who was sued by Harry
Spiegel for X180. alleged to be due him for
services and materials furnished. Spiegel
testified that he was to have had a share
of the profits of a candy store at 201
O'Farrell street, which was purchased by
Miss Schwartzberg, and that. Incident
ally, he was to have married the lady.
Miss Schwartzberg testified that her
fiance had drawn on the finances of the
concern and had reimbursed himself for
a loan to her of $25. A. Lefkowitz, who
said he was a "matchmaker" In the way
of bringing- loving couples together for
the matrimonial yoke, corroborated Sple-
Kel's testimony, but Judge Long- found
lor the fair defendant. " .„•¦¦ . -
Ignatz Beck, a druggist at Ellis and
Buchanan streets, who was convicted by
a jury In Judge Fritz's court Thursday on
the charge of tapping the wires of the In
dependent Electric Light and Power Com
pany in hi? store, with the object of de
frauding the company, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. Attorney Samuels made
a motion for a new trial, which was de
nied. The Judge then sentenced Beck to
pay a fine of $100. with the alternative of
fifty days In the County Jail.
"Shall the finebe taken out of the bail
money? asked the Judge.
Attorney Samuels replied, "Let the mat
ter stand over for a day or two." to which
y ie i/ u $£ e * conse i!? ted ; l That m eans that
Beck will take that time to make up his
mind whether or not he will give notice
of appeal. . -.; , -. ,/...
Fraud by a Jury, Appears for
Sentence.
Ignatz Beck, Druggist, Convicted cf
FECTED FOR TAPPING
THE ELECTJ&TC WIRES
The ball which was to have been given
by Company C. formerly I, of the First
Infantry has been indefinitely postponed
on account of the death of General Sea
mans.
The Marlon has been hauled into the
stream to permit of certain repairs being
made to the wharf where she ties up.
Gn Tuesday next work for the season will
commence, and Captain Nerney says that
it will be kept up •with spirit and vigor
until the next vacation.
Active work in the First Infantry com
mences this week, and an effort will be
made to bring the sinking regiment to
the front again. A movement to increase
the membership of a. number of the com
panies will be started, and another wll!
be in the matter of securing an additional
company, so as to make the regiment a
three-battalion organization. It Is feared
that if something is not done, and that
soon, "the gallant First" will drop out of
sight.
The companies of the Fifth Infantry
will enter upon active routine work this
week, and about the 15th of the month
the field officers' school will be opened.
The class will be Instructed by Colonel
Whitton and Lieutenant Colonel Hayes.
This Is the first time in the history of the
regiment that it has had such a school.
The regiment is waiting for an answer to
the request to be permitted to hold a reg
imental camp this year.
There is considerable talk In National
Guard circles at this time about the pos
sible successor to the late W. H. Seamans
in the office of adjutant general of the
State. In local circles there seems to be
a hope that the Governor will appoint As
sistant Adjutant General Bangham, as he
has done nearly all the work of the office
during the last three years and Is well up
as to the condition of the guard and its
necessities. Captain Jensen of Troop A
is raid to be a candidate for the office,
and there are some who say that Colonel
Burgin of the^ Second Brigade staff would
not be averse to accepting the title of
brigadier general, which goes with the of
fice of adjutant general.
fantry.
a Effort to Be Hade to Revive In
terest in the First In-
TALK ABOUT SUCCESSOR TO
LATE AD JDTAlTr GENERAL
The efforts of the hospital section of the
social science department, which is a part
of the California Club, were greatly ap
preciated by the inmates. The thanks
that were given were fervent, and the In
vitations to return and repeat the enter
tainment were many.
Miss Elsie Tooker, Miss Grace Freeman,
Miss Eugenie Brown, Miss Helen Vanderwin
ken. Miss Elsa. H. Koch. Miss Elizabeth Lyie
JCavan&urh, Professor James Hamilton Howe.
Miss Marie Lawler, Irwln Burnett, Mrs. Eva
Tenney. Frank Howard. Teddy Greenfield. Miss
Kila V. McClosky, Miss Queen Montgomery,
Miss Edna Montgomery and Eduar<l Montgom
ery. .1 i. _-V';
Mrs. J. R. H&nify. Mrs. Robert White. Mi&s
Alice Washburn. Miss S. J. Dunl&p, Miss O.
H McMsJxon Miss E. B. Grace, Miss Rodney
Kendrlcks. Miss E. P. Schell. Mrs. M. A.
Cachot. Mrs. Thurkelson and Mrs. Poultney. ¦
Among the artists who furnished the
entertainment were:
The novel visit was under the direction
of the social scelence department of the
California Club. Mrs. A. W. Cornwall,
chairman of the section, and other ladies
of the club got up the entertainment. Re
freshments were prepared and sent to the
bi? hospital, and from 2 o'clock until 5 the
unfortunate sick and injured were royally
treated.
The entertainers were many and they
were divided into squads. They went
from ward to ward, singing sweet melo
dies and rendering musical solos.' "A ve
Maria," sung with effect by Miss Ella V.
McClosky, brought tears to the eyes of
the listeners. Miss Grace Freeman played
the intermezzo from "Cavalleria Rustl
cana" with feeling, and also moved tho
simple people who heard her render the
plaintive melody. _
ail^s Mary Patton, superintendent of
nurses, and "Secretary Wolff escorted the
visitors through the institution.
Mrs. George E. Bates was 'in general
charge, and Mrs. W. P. Buckingham had
charge of the musical programme. Mrs.
Bates was assisted by the following
named ladies:
Through the thoughtfulness of the la
dies of the California Club and the kind
ness of artists of this city the Inmates of
the City and County Hospital were enter
tained yesterday afternoon. The various
¦wards in which the helpless lie were
brightened with song and music. Grati
tude shone on the faces of the helpless,
and after each selection the musician or
singer was heartily encored.
California Club Women Do
Noble Work Among
the Sick.
City and County Hos
pital Inmates Are
Entertained.
FILL THE WARDS
WITH MELODIES
forcing Schedul^.
The Southern Pacific Railroaa Company
applied to the Superior Court yesterday
for an injunction restraining the Board
of Railroad Commissioners from enforcng
the schedule of rates for transporting oil
In Fresno and Kern 1 counties adopted by
the board last month. The rates objected
to by the Southern ¦ Pacific Company 'are
the result of a suit brought by John Le
Blanc, an oil man. of Kern County, .last
April. The petition will be , heard before
Judge Hebbard. :*
The railroad company alleges that 'the
rates afpresent In force, which according
to the papers filed in the suit brought by
Le Blanc are excessive, are so low now
that there, is little profit, if any,' for. the
company in transporting the oil. ; Accord-
road Commissioners From En-
Asks Superior Court to Enjoin Rail-
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CLAIMS
NEW OIL BATE IS TOO IA>\V
VThe '•' Monarch -will; go. out ;. of existence
and 'all: goods; must be /disposed^ of ; this
week.' *¦; To-morrow.' there .will 5 be^on sale
men's all-wool suits,*, worth $15.00 for $4.15,
$2.60 ' hats f or ; 85c, - underwear ;. that ¦ is re
tailed in this city for. $1.00 a suit for 25c a
garment,' 25c neckwear for, 10c; men's hose,
regular ; 25c," for -10c ; everything • must * go
at ence at the closing sale of the Monarch;
915; Market street; opposite; Mason. ; . ¦ ••.•
Last- Week.
Robert Methmann, carpenter, living at
4595 Eighteenth street, reported to the'po
lice; yesterday i that: Friday ¦ night ; sb/irtly
after i 6 'o'clock -while .entering his * home
he was by, three y6ung. ; men.
He was knocked down ; and had his scalp
injured." * No \ attempt ' was made . to rob
him, and he ; Is at. a.' ; loss "to' understand
the motive of the attack. The young men
were unknown to him. ¦• > >7i., '
Attacked at His \ Home.
V The work,; it is i estimated,, will cost • 540,
000.. After '.the! plans' have been approved
by. : the. Board of; Works .bids will be- in-
-'-. City Engineer Grunsky * yesterday sub
mitted V tp -the Board: of Public Works
plans sand* specifications; for the ] Sunset
main 'sewer," . an important improvement
which was" provided -by, the 'Board ) of [ Su
pervisors 'in >;¦¦ the * last s tax .budget/,-' : The
plans; asv-decided ,; upon", contemplate the
extension, of 'the sewer .which now termi
riatee ¦ at.'the crossing of ,H street .and
Fourteenth avenue.'" From there the sew
er I will ! cross ¦ the": park | and | connect ' with
the . Point ¦ Lobos and ¦ Bakers Beach! sew
ers,", also? connecting: 1 ; with ¦ the '"•¦ Richmond
outletsJ^"--"' '"..',:' i'.i ¦¦.¦¦' :;;- • '-.
Specifications for ¦ Improvement
to Cost 940,000. ;
City Engineer Grunsky Prepares
SUBMITS PLANS FOR' >
' SUNSETS MAIN SEWER
vlted and 'the contract awarded' within
one month's time. ;¦: , - ¦ ¦ . , -
The great manufacturing; sale, of shoes
will start Thursday. It is worth your
while to wait until then 'for your shoes.
The savins will be sufficient. $50,000 worth
of the very, best footwear will be. on. sale.
Everybody is 'welcome to' take advantage
of this offer. No preference will be shown.
Your, cash is as good as the wholesalers.
You are welcome. to one or as many. pairs
as . you ¦ want, but not before Thursday,
when the doors' will "; be opened for ." the
Public Shoe Sale of . the - Bee Hive Shoe
Company, 717 Market street, near Third. •
nity at the Beginning of 1902.
The Greatest Shoe-Buying Opportu-
ing .to the complaint filed yesterday the
actual cost of transporting oil in the dis
trict covered by. the order of the Commis
sioners is 9.2 cents a ton per mile. -.The
schedule which the Commissioners seek
to enforce reduces the rate to from C,to S
cents a ton per mile, according to the dis
tance the oil is hauled. The new rate will
g-o into effect January 8 unless the injunc
tion is granted. • v
Alleged Inf rfngement of ; Patent on;
the nilmore-Street Electric and
Cable Road. .
The - Eiectric Railway Hill Cable Com
pany filed an action * in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against the Mar
ket-street. Railway Company for $300,000
damages . alleged to . have been ! sustained
on account of an infringement of patent." j
-¦ >The complaint, drawn by, John" Ia. Boone,
attorney for^the complainant, recites that
prior to - August 1,-1892, Gardner r E. i
Beach and Morris J. Kern of San Fran
cisco ; Invented - a combined electric and
cable ; railway and on that date conveyed
to the complainant all their' right, title
and interest in the same. The allegation
•la) made that since that ' date I the Market
street Railway has without the plaintiff's
consent unlawfully used and . is using the
combined electric and. cable railway con
taining this invention to the damage. of
STREET ; CAB ACCIDENT
LEADS TO A SUIT
' Mr. Bpone states that tne patent is be
ing inf ringed on the Fillmore-street Una
in the cable switch at the point where the
accident occurred on ' the evening: of-De
cember 23, in ¦which Miss Mary Phelan
was killed - and several other passengers
were Injured.
CONStJMPTTON" CUBED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed In his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cure of Con-
Bumptlon, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung- Affections; also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
derful curative powers in thousands of cases
and desiring: to relieve human suffering, i wm
send free of ; charge to all who wish it this
recipe, in German, French or English, with
full directions for preparing and U3inp. Sent
by mall, by addressing, . with stamp, naming
this paper, -"Vy". A. Noyes. 347 Powers bloc£
Rochester. N. Y.
the complainant in the sum of 5100,000. for
-which sum together with $200,000, the to*
tal being three times the actual damage,
the plaintiff brings suit.
"¦'¦¦'.'- , ¦¦ - ' . t ..;'¦¦¦ ¦ » ¦'' i ../-, - ¦ ¦' : V '" .,.-¦• .- - ' ' + %¦'¦*¦' r : > ' ¦'-¦ ' ;: ',-, ¦ -"¦'¦-. : >,"' - -,-' ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, 1 SUNDAY; JANUARY' .5, 1902.
21
Be sure and have it well
boiled to bring out the flavor
and Food value.
You can make the job easy
and pleasant if ycu take on
Postum Coffee.
If coffee 'ampcrs -with your
hec.rt or nerves, suppose you
break away for 10 days and
see how much better you feel.
POSTUM CEHEAL.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOEIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
tw. ; EMPOEIUllff.
THE EMPOEIUM.
$ Shoe Prices j^ T ' The Emporium's 5
i Go Down* - femoorLu/niS ; :Xjrea£' : .jectr£Ui -*&VG/J.C~- * "riiuJZ %»» I
V ..ion ,»'i -tatho h«b, .W, thajfwoi .n- * /C - / '¦: y y*r *-?-£/ - • < ~> X ' f / L *'f U ?!,<S/ ¦'¦¦¦//',.:'' pan In npU »«=*»,>, Kllh, s tic n™. of U* «
J , formerly $2. 50 and J3.00 a pair; "c!ean-up" • ! ¦ • — — — ' — ¦ ¦ — — — — — ¦ ' — ' ¦ ¦ ¦ — — — — — — ¦ » ' : — — ; ¦ — day,' the bargains of the hour, or of any erent of !»
5* «fepn« • '• ' ' jSf a 23 At this great and growing greater store of thejp^j^s, at this gnSBst|ffi!taU store of the Pacific Coast; will « eneral bterest which we choose to^p^y »p- >
J" Lot^l-LadiVwgh" grade French Kid Shoes on k.^ It reqmrcs no optntor; it b an Mtomatic . .- J
If: (the well known maki of Foster & Co.), to the .winter season exclusively, goes now) at some price." £#/>#;/ to find the best of bargains^ in maxv - 1 re others like it in the world. . j»
* nearly 400 pairs in lace or bdtton, cloth or price, but do expect to find every broken line, every '-surplus piece of goods, thousands of winter garments; every odd sfec which is left in stock, marked now at See it to-morrow night. jj
\ J ' 6ole,^tratleath^rTr^d d tiT el LoJs X yv- 1 or immense re^ ucrions ' The rc^ ab i^ " .. ' - *{ %
it leather heels, shoes that were formerly $4. 8c ' ' ' ¦ ' ZIZ _ _ - - ' ~^ ¦ - -¦ - •_ ' ¦ t r%k : ' ' mm ¦ ' - ¦ " ~~ ~t ¦ ' '" " ' • '' . ..-.•.¦¦ - . ...-¦-.. .-^ - .-•• -^^~ ._ _ ¦ - •. '.'¦'• : **'Jf
I 3e^::^ n ? p :^3.50 $ilk and Veivef ?'%£-y p Dress Goods " Glean-Up." jo,ooo Yards of g
Jf Lot 3— 243 pairs Ladies' be=t quality Vxd Kid PriCeS tO SUrprJSe the FTlOSt expectant buyers— tempt- a75O yards of45-inchall-woo! Striped vCheviot $1.50 and . Ja.oo- Imported Plaidi, excellent £"HJ^F/*O#l/(BI*/eS ¦ 9
K °. x f°r d T icS ' *" sevcral P°P«'«- «tyl« f all : n{y nff^rino-c that wr\U \\rh\ok tKp varH<; nflt in fl iiffv ; Mixtures, in ten handsome effects, in Wuej, colorings and Styles, marked for the o o^- ' Ji». O -.-,-» **,#€?-•#*• *
ar wth hand-turned sdes and Louis xv hceis, m " oueYmgs mat will wtiiSK tne yarab out in a jiny. gray3j tans and brown3> vvorth 75C ; d> « c i ean . up » sa i c 38c on Special Sale* $
*; were formerly .$1.50; * JB ** Od^ffc " 0r y^**d— For about 500 yards of Lyons ;.Silk Velvet that orig : n a i'v sold . at the special "clean-up" price of «_ 450 yards of Sflk Striped Challies, imported .. < '.t •' X
*. "dean-up" sale price . S B & 3'%9 QhPv'C^ .from J$i. 00 to $2.00 per yard; in handsome shades^ of Gobelin, Brow Old .:,.':.....-.. .... . . 4r#O silk and wool fabrics, in handsome assortment Beginning Monday morning, we present a ft
»»" lotA in mI™ «f r,/ • \r • vi rx e j Rose, Bluet, Fawn, Yellow, Tan, Heliotrope," Cerise," Emerald, Light Blue, '¦'-, " I \ ." "' ' ' \\rr-'- of stvles- the 8 cc and £1 ookinds — . timely opportunity to sare: a splendid chance ••
i- TieTdoJh^Ln, ?a *; ?1 Bron «» Pink and R « eda » «i aI » 5°° of S » tn Brocade, very ,ich finish; b shades of *°? ,y^ds of plain and str.ped Wa.stings in ¦.%gg* f ™ £%!£££? Se S9C «> **J Sb seal's choke productions of 2
K £ tJl^ m^Ti° rdt 1 Nile, Maisand Lavender; regf^arly sold aVesc and 75 c per yard- :,. large assortment of co onngs; regularly 65c, ..^^S^msS sStly^1-woouSnch Cambric Ud Nainsook Edgings and Insertions at 5
E £^>.^d2?atf ?e -l^ e *-ii:^ aild Also ab^aoo yards of85cFLne!de Sole, fn'shades of Brown, Green and Blue- |?> and «Sc;. special "clean-up" Qf% I5-JJ* Jg^'^S? 11 S * fuDy one-half their mlKE" and this fa the g
* dean-up sale pnee Qn. A , so about . , - yards of Nayy Printed . Sa<in |,,ma M e, that sold regularly at 75c a yard. Begin- P««,P" yard ......... - J».oo aiortingf, cleanup £J^J£ face of decided adTancea mada by the Swiss ' S
% Lot 5-Men-i B^ Box SS |^j|^o^^an^^ .-g* 6 ° m^^^ " f", * "**< |
»* GoSttTSdJ r^, S n h - OeS> jn 7 T t ° C 1 S> &ti tf £» £X**r yard-For a beautiful assortment of extra fine French Novelty "W and myrtle; worth _ f _ £ ' to ji S .oo'a suit , choice'now "^ These beautiful Edgings and Insertions were g
$ fa^o^r pair «ck» a25 STSS *&& b1H& Silks; rich Satin' Brocades, Print Warp Louisine, Grosgrain Brocade!, the yard; "dean-up pnee.. $7«M- £ J\ ' $2.50 manufactured to sell at I a#c and S
&'- up" sale prices 5 1 co'and StosSlI .. More Faconne; the colorings and designs are superb, and will make ex- g 1.2 5 all-wool Pla'ds, very pretty styles — «_ 54-inch all-wool Golf Skirting, the gm Q 15c per yard; beginning Mon- ||ffi^y
t£ lyty _ mav^gv quisite evening gowns; quant' t'es limited; were originally sold up to $5.00 per yard. .. • . and color effects; "clean-up* ', price 79C '¦ '': $i.*5 quality, now . . . . . .. OwC - day, sale price.. ..... '5
1 Ladies' Garments, MiSienery^ !e^ /p " 'Housekeeping Linens, "Clean-Up" 'Sale of Muslin I
I ean T' Underwear* 1
*• J&s% /&5ktWk ' in th5s department is now deeply price . Trustworthy. Linens, from the leading linen weavers • i t will pay to 'buy your Un- '* ?
K dS& W$^m -'^* <£-^r£f Miirn" .of the world; Table Cloths and Napkins; excellent Tow- dermusiins for the coming season CB /r> >[
*k -i^i&Cfffi Y^r f^r Season Goods must go. Come to- e ' s 5 ready-to-usc Bedding of all good sorts; warm winter Flannels and • Flan- now; every price nam;d means W^»^\ ffa$tpf **
ft ¦ '^r^Lj />3k. j^^v; morrow if you «n, but come any day rie'cttcs— all 'at record-breaking, * c clean-up". sale prices. Bargains that are in- money in your pocket. These T/A >» JMI!!td. -- <*
J* /l <~ and >OU WlU find bg bareains " d:ed a rarity, even in this store, the bargain-giving center of California. goods are our regular stock. - This Ay f f^-s^\ *•«
K /I \ /^v^^n'il jyA Jackets ant! Goats Darrrask Table Cloths— Fine bleached, 3 yards long, that were $3.50 each, __ gm O great ""c!ean-up" sale begins. Mon- \ \*^Q^;^L\| t^^^<^^^ •*<
! /6v4-J^w'ftHn\ ¦*»*-•*•.¦¦ IM^^y^^-^W^im&mM^f^ ¦f' r jf/^v"^**?^Vi « r I Hl^.f# I
2* \ tf J^ >( lekl \ L:tl— Assorted lot of fine medium and $2.50 Cloths, 2 yards long, Mclean-up" price . . ..... . . ........ .$1,78 M^ 1 Uncietmusiins at one " hal l )' LS YFr*rfB/ X "5
/- 'iff, h\\\ >)/ heavy all-wool, warm Jackets, short Extra-grade Napkins— 24 inches square, many matching above cloths, that i_ __ price. No two garments alike. fj^iPvJ / rf*k_ >Hl
*% M^< i <«Dt ' j^ and medium lengths, all colors and were J3. 50 per dozen, now at the "clean-up" price . . . . . .... . *&/&m*J$£ A splendid chance for trousseaus. _^—^J> / w /frll^JS^^M
H /y:jMlfiii s V^\ V '^-^ siz - s 36 to 42; have b«n from Damask Tray Cloths— That were 50c each, fine hemstitching, ''cleanup" price. . r. . 3 |a.oo Chemise, finest materials, cut to . "To / fW^ll *"«
S>' ,F J**tmmi\MMimKni xiA • J 4 57-SO to J20.00; "clean-up" price Fine Bleached Huc< Towels— 19x38 inches, no dressing, were $2.25 p;r dozen, - V^ <C# nn / TiTS/ZM 7 l 1 \i'ft I I 1
Z -MiP&iW^ I - , ..*..:.. JsJon C ''^-'r.-- .-. • • • • ••• • /4» f^o' downs; nn^ma-te^fut to" ] ffiWJ LU J £
V flHKnHilH U11Y< fffl V \ Lot 2— Assorted lot of some of our finest silk Elegant Wh!te California Blankets— Fully 72 inches wide and 8 lbs weight, g*^, "« o ,.-.... 52 OO J^K jKwW \N^-f / '. 5
* ¦'¦' >^rli!vm Pli 1 Hned 22 t0 27 inch J ackets and un!incd Such as y° u P a y f °r ordinarily, our "clean-up" sale price f 6.ooGowns'cu\ to*. .' .'.',. .".. .$3,QQ > )V~ y>M0 ¥MA \ \ J A Jt
•f Wf fiiKaiiyMlHKW V three-quarter Coats, in all the newest and Flue Write B an^ets— From the Stockton Mills, 5 lbs we : ght, instead of $4.95 &** **** $4.00 Skirts cut to $2.OO iff/ J/ / tUTT w
K ' best shades and styles; have been $12.0=, per pair "clean-up' V price, . .-....•. . . . ....... . . $3 .^hZS $,o.oo Skirts cut to . $5.00 W M§WSftCM\ \£A Avfe\ %
*>* ' nwBliaJiBfflBPT^ft'' $15.00, $16.50; "clean-up" price . ..$9*45 «H< New Sanitaiy Comforfer— Filled with Australian wool (not the old styles, cotton-filled ar- 1 9 00 Silk Skirt Chemise cut to $4 50 \a\u "'*'
J* Sl^^feST^^^-v Lot 3-Assorted lot of all-silk lined, three-quarter tic.'ei), covered with select silkoiine, now at the price of the imported wool, each . . $2.31 25c Tucked Muslin Drawers cut to .". ' . ¦ 19C V fltMftk \
%' 'WS%m(($t llia%^© : Coats » and extra fine 1 7-inch Jackets, some ~~^T~T~~Z ~~ : ~~i ««. - J\T : : ~ *nt mm 5°= and 3 S<= Corset Covers, mixed lot, cut to. 2£?O > :-^ c - MU^i/l^ w\^=f^^^^ "5
»? ( > fe#i^S r ' fur trimmed, in black and all co'ors, high and turn #3 MS ' ITEgS 3 ffS ' 23&S SS £&&&§+£§£* B+(P> GlG^n-Up .fl.oo.Conet Covers, mixed lot, cut to 5DO IMfl jj^f f«X2^S» S
if 'iil'\\NL''l^^^r <?own collars, finest kinds only; havi been $20.00, " VMf * a***BH 48BBM H~W* «^«^f «? Sale. 'M 7Sc Lawn Nune Aprons, tucked bib and shoulder,, cut to .. r W^^^^J^^ 2
X dVm^\\f1%£sM&' $22.50, 125.00 and I30.00; "clean-up" price. . In connection w!th the "c'.ean-up" sale of a'l the odd pairs and single >¦'-'¦• • • ; • ; • ;• • • • • *j£ C /J/^WJ^^^^^^ X
jf •• ••¦••• s '** s ?ri? rei ¦" our own " ocl '. wc Phiia. gr^sssafiss^i:: : : : diet ymMmmP^ %
*>° ' Loi4—Eull length Long Coats," extra stylish garments', "Iphia who were withdrawing their enure hnecf Portieres, etc., from the j 3 . so Lace Skirts, various styles, cut to ..... S2.5O •*
K in Kerseys and Meltons, lined to waist, in b!ackj Pacific Coast, and they gave us the opportunity of buying all tiey had on hand $6. 00 -Elegant Lace Skirts cut to. . .... . -. $3*50 (/
jf . oxford and dark tan; have been fzo.oo, $22.50 here at a great sacrifice. ' r, ¦ ' ' ' ; ' ' l ¦ - ' $4.00 Nainsook Gowns cut to ••• $2*75 ¦'- jt
$ _ ., „ and price.. . .$14.95 Beginnng to-morrow we shall offer /*, fc, ( brains in .PorU-re* <v:r seentn this citn $\'* * ' ' ' ' \ ' $1^S^%
2* '. 7a»ro?> Dresses Reduced. Orenal effects for couch covers, SilkVortieres for single doo.s, handsome Tapestry Portieres, Cambnc Gowns cut to . . ....... . ... i?^£ J«
V Let I -Assorted lot of newest Tailor Dresses, and Rainy Day Suits, made the latest and b:st etc., at but little mo"> 'hntt half their prices in the regular way each ' ' f 1.50 Cambric Crowns cut to . &J,1U tg
I t$£*$0M ."? ! n ."'" !i . h ! v - ten| . 3O " oo '. f "" S0 :^^ GhlKrB»> S C a ps, t CJoak S and Dresses ¦ -|
5 Lot 2 — Assorted lot of our finest medium priced Dresses, all highly tai'ored gowns, and finest . ". . . .'. . . ... ... . . ... . . . ... : : ...75oto$45Q nGOUHOO fOi* GlGSUI-Ufl SQlQm 'x
tt finishing and making, trimmed and plain, black and all colors; regu'arly $25.00, .-'^7.50, Furiture Tapestry — 108 yards of 50-inch Furniture Tapestry, .green and blue, regular 75c $1.50 Co'cred Silk Bonnets, a s'yles, Cut to . . . . . ... .$1.00 *S
* $30.00 and $31.50; "clean-up" price ... . . . .... .... ... ._317.&S' qi-ality, "clean-up" sale price, per yard. .'. . .... .'..1./. ...... . 45c $5.00 this season's Hat, of velvet and chiffon* cut to . ". . . . . &3.f*O "?
j» , Lot3 — A splendid assortment of our finest ttilor and dressmaker styles of Dosses and Costumes, 24-inch r* UJhlSilk— 60 yards only, regular value $1.00 per yard, f 'clean-up" -sale^ price . 35o J15.00 Tailor-made Suits, ages 10, 12, 14, cut to. ..... . .' . ... . .$850 $
jf bcautiftil goods and sry:es; # have been a 30.00, $35.00 and $40.00; "clean-up" price. . ..'.'.. . . jfiiic L:cV Curtiins .{3] 4 and 6 pair lo s)— Irish .Points, Brussels, Arabians and^Batten- J6.50 Heavy Covert Jacket; ages 6 to 10 years, cut to . . . .. . . . . . . . . . $4,95 *
*• }'l'':' '.'¦ '-/':' '':'".' * - ' " ' '*¦ —••••••- • - . • • • • ' • $24 75 bergs, beautiful patterns and real gcod at these very low prkei— - - •" ' ' $12.50 Box Coat, silk Hned, fine Kersey; ages 6 to 10 years, cut to .... ... . $7.50 «
j^« Skirts ' Raduccdm _, , ; - b o V™li* & }? n^7. n W'* r fyJhS°>lvV*-.-- ••••••....'. .; S 6 25 $5. 00-; 4. "50 Sailor Suits, mixed lot, ages 4 to 12 years, cut to . . . .$3.50 }f
tf Lot I— New Rainy Day and dress length, aU-wcol Skirts, all this season's, black and co'ors; rrgu- 46 pairs, asorted, regularly $10.50 to $13.50, pair .,;.".'.. .-. .... :$& m 25 50c InfanU* Sott-sol= Shoes, black, tan, choco'ate, cut to ...... ...... . 1Qo &
* larlyfs.oo; "clean-up" price. ...... . .:. . . . .... ... \$3 75 ';' 3° P a j ra » assorted, regularly. $14.00 to J 17.00, pair .'. .:-'. •..;.. i ... i ; . f 5.75 Infants' Short White Dresses, for age 3, cut to . ......... . . $3.QO 5
jj Lot 2 — A splendid lot of Rainy Day and Dress Skirts, black and cokrs, pla : n and trimmed, 1 new- ' '.° P 3 '". assorted, ''regularly $18.00' to $25. ooj pir . . .< . .'. .\. ........ $14*50 75 Infants* Tennis Gowns, embroidered edge, cut to. . > »'-.-,'. ....... . 53C ]t
If cst and best styles and finest making; have been <6.oo, $7.00 and jS.oo- "clean-up" price. .¦ Comlrters— For medium-sized beds,' fine white .filling, nicely tufted, at the remark- ,__ 95c Nainsook Infants* Gowns cut to .. . 50o &
1 *f ... . ... .1 . . . . . $4-.&5 ab'e "clean-up" sale : price, each. ... .,. ... ; .'.".-. : ..... 7mC 50c Genuine Stockinet Diapers cut to . : . 35O *S C Genuine Stockinet Bibs cut to ... tOo
|j[ Lot3— A great lot of very finest Broadcloth and Cheviot Skirts, most beautfully made and White Bed . v preads— For large s'ze beds, the best 3-p'y thread, instead cf $1.10 each, . -_ _ Children's Long and Short White Dresses reduced. ChHdren's Box Coats, ages 4 to 14 years
jf tnmmcd, very latest srjlcs; have been $12. 50, $15.00 and $16.50; "e'ean-up" price. ££,,©5 "dean-up" sale price.. ..> . . . . .-..;.:: . V> ........ . . &mfG all reduced. Children's Fine Pattern Hats,' were $15.00, reduced to $7.50. Corsets, k-:'JT
K , WaistS Reduced. ¦' ' F-ne^hite Flannc-The . all-wool kind, sa useful for many purposes, a really good '-. splcndid sty ; es rciuced . :v f ;. . ¦ <t
S Lot I— Assorted lot of fancy Flannelette and Wool Waists, wen $1.00 $i.2C and $ t co- article, marked at the "clean-Up sale price, per yard. \ . ".:. ". .,. Y. . \ . . ESfB ' ¦¦-.-- - ' - ¦ ' «
:J "clean-up" price. ............... . ..*..'. 59c te Sha " F ' anrc '~ 3 1 inches wide, fine, close twilled wejve; yard '/ .* -•: .'-.' . '¦ • . . . .9q . ¦ • » 3*
|g Lot 2— A splendidly assorted lot cf new, All-Wool' Waists," mostly' lined throughout' in all the Tu " kish TcweJs— An extra well-made Turkish- Towel, fully b'eachsd, 54 inches long, , £ _ |rW<f& £j?^jf» S^BB ff*F8 M& b8 2M £9 '**
|g newest and best-colors and black, all sizes, plain and trimmed, tucked and corded and fleated, - '^ 3°^ kind, at the spec al "clean-up" price; each .,... ... . . . .-; .-.B&G ga*"tf<gay *T~ **M * M O •*** mm aM*J #
j* regularly $2.00, $2.25, $2.50 and f2. 75; "clean-up" price $148 '" m ~*Z * Z "7 ' ~~ — ' ' *"* 81tBfi*S*BVamB Btt* ? V
J Lot 3-A greatly assorted lot of Velvet, fine Silk and finest French Flannel Waists, trimmed, DCCP .•PFiCe-i+tMt'S - LffiSeBg IFs/©©, , r %0**SMM m %J§9 «9«flC?* <|
J ¥™Jti7^X^*"^?^^ -to Silverware * B: t^ M^Xt^^^ f 3^ A ' Beginning Monday these and many, crther unusually;^ |
£ Lot4— Assorted lot'of fancy Dress Silk" -Waits, one and two of a kind, "highly "trimmed"^ the . >fP»o''V~..;utin i-elfe^^taUei-fo^SferSS^S 1 .!^ attractive OffeHngS in the'HOUSe FumiShing Department £
K biggat bargain we ever offeredj Waisti in this lot that were up to $i8.oc, not any ever less . il^^Sk^SSSS^sd* - 7 : rcgu ar value 20c a yard, „-, nn-mflin flnnr " 2
* than <S. 5 o; "clean-up" pnee. . . . . . . .$6.45 ' —l^^^^^P^M^/ ' at the.'Mern-up' 1 sa!= price . " '. . S^© UM IUdlll 11UUI. „ . .--^ g
at- Wrappers. PettfCOatS, GtC* Reduced* : ; , Al£o Moire Skirt" Lining— 750 yards, 34 50c Foot Tub-Oval shape, 18 Inches across, $4.00 Oil Heiterj— The best on the market, X
* Lot I— Assorted lot of new Flannelette Wrappers, lined waisti, all sizes; have been $i.a 5 and ?;" " '^r'^ ¦¦ ¦ , inches wide, black 'watered effect, medium Japanned, side handles; "clean-up' sale absolutely guaranteed, smokeless and ordor- £
S $1.50; "dean-up" price . . . ; . . .\ «?£»#» n • • ' V, j " • or o t, '". o weigh tj ah extra good value at 15c the fftftf* ' P" ce • • • • - - - - - • • • --33C less, fitted with handle so can be moved from jj
K Lot2— Assorted lot of new fin: Flannelette Wrappers, bst making and trimming, lined' wains all ¦ Be P? t ?' n 5 Monday, we offer Roger.. Bnw.^.ig^ d f the! h , « tc]ean . up " pr ; ce »*« J5c Sauce Pot— Bes| quality enameled, 11 room to room; very special "clean-up" ' x
Jf sizes, reguarly $r. 75 ; "clean-up" price. .......... ' B '^ Dcsser Spoons and Forks, fancy patterns, _j. "¦ > P . P ¦ P ¦¦ -. quarts » ca p acity . si d e handles; "clean-Up" sale price. $3,57 *
J Lot 3-Assorted lot of fine "Near Silk" and "Near Satin" Underskirts, in" all "the fin^t cctrs th ;.««ll regularly from ,2 50 to J3.1 5^ «ts os _/^ LtiMUOi** P«« . . . . 57O '- f-\ , ) 50c Butter Dish - S
tC y P P ' - ' SSC __ __ __ _ : . but one of the regular Emporium Grorery Sale. «, not flimsy but a Q- '. ClfaS^! /^^^g^ with Glass Saucer— "x
» ' " • ¦ 'mwn i» n' *"'-¦''' j. tnat bnngs hundreds cf customers where they . ' _n^» t ,n,i r MW.mi(. i-.-V^= . . ==. / 7/- lnnlr« Iifc» a ,f,,i™» «•
S **£5il0*£un-BJn** 95»/<p» .TftQD&iinsatQr aBidc*nb» y Lb^ 'o£Sh -332' 5
I Crockery Bepartment. v*w«^ wi«a^.v ff^^^w iiSslh . \
§ **^ . *T~ m ** aM *MmM**vmmom, Fashions— While the number of style, pre;- the same good brand that the Emporium of- f am ;i v ,-«« . $f.88 * >^-^=J lUr~£lri& \~^m/ . . . . . . 22O X
$ A general Overhauling Of thiS StOCk diSClOSeS manv " nt ? M*™ 0^™?™]™ ™>™*™e m O vI7 t !f y ' nonsbutthebc ? t ' $3g* 35c Slop Jars— Painted and covered; ioquartsize; assorted colors.... .'240 J
| small lots and surpluspfeces. Here are a few of the 'sffilfe^ ci B^^^W^i^^M^^^^^ A I
If ifpmc F>\re>r\r niPrP UQpflll Cir\r\ HpQir^hl^" - don and Paris keep readers informed of the trend . Monday . -. .-,?. . ... •'.: .,' . . . . 39c <5 uart Capacity .»..........,; .000 -m
g iLClllb evtfiy piece Ubeiui dliu UCblldUie. of fashion in those citifs-.The Monthly L-<sons Koru Coffee— On Monday; ib . /. 1Q G I5c Tea and CoHcc Slrafncr— Nickel plated enameled handle...' \.9o 5
Jf DccoraUd PorcclaM Larp— Bowl, 7-jnch Good heavy Water Tumbl-rj, having sl%ht in Dr.fsmaking, by Mrs." Gorman, are of great- Afmore's Mince Meat— Best .jualityj Monday: 85c- Oil .StOVC— -One* burner for light COOkine. perfectly Constructed, nicely «
K shade, burner nng and ch:mney complete, • scratches from factory mould?, regularly 50c est ben:fit to amateurs and also to profc.'siofial ReguV QOC 5 -lb jars for. . . . . 4 75© ¦ "fi-UU-J ; ,»S1I n t . m «11 «r e m rt lr-f «^l«n ««»' .,U «i^. : CoL *
o rreu'ar'vo'c "clean-uD 11 «a!e nr'ce f%7f+ dozen "dean-ua" c;,'-. n ,;-- oo« r *ru -1 \t r> j d 1 t il • c nUlSied, Will not Smell Or SmOKCJ "ClCan-UD .Sale price 69O "2
l» regu.ar.j93C, cleanup .aie pr.ee . o^C? cozen, ciean-up si e pruc . . . . 32C modistss. The articles on New Dress Goods Regular 65c 3-lb jars for 55o pa t, .,,/. c n t> v 1 • j 1 *
V Ji.15 White Scrn:.PorceIah Pitcher and large Decorated semj-porcelain Dessert Plates;^ green and Trimmingi have been made more valuable' Saga cr Pearl Ti'ploci-s lbs-. • . . 25o 50c. Straight SaUCC Pan— Best quality. enameled Warf, 3 quart Size, covered and 3f
* rolled edge bas:n, "clean-up" price . . 89o or pink decoration, regular jrice Ji.oo a by illuitr'adons of the most popular fabrics. '•>¦- OyslcK— Selects, i-lb tins;' Monday . "\ f(J C '-handled/.-.. 37c 5
jf Si. 25 vrmte semi-porce- - dozen, special *«c!can It also contains : articles on i Athletic* for Pineapple •- Choice Singapore,' z}4-)b tins;' I - ¦ - - ¦¦' ' '" £ ¦ ' ' ' ".. S
j£ Iain ilep Fai , with \*7" ? A • -up' r sale price ... Women. •' The first of, an illustrated series on Monday. ..'..'.;. .... . . 15c '-'__ '_rm_ M m* **± o mm : -
I M "¦soo ¥» f fff li^ip^ X^^^^rm §^^:M^-m$$ ; "Clean-up" Sale Hosiery -f
j jf ;.oc Crysul and Emerald ffl i *2*{ I \i£r M \JM ' Lamp . . : . . 1Q C number. Thi contributors to this s-r:es are Dr. Cedar Run i Whiskey— Our rsgular fa.50 per • --^L mmmi ' M§mamf*r* ' mm* m ******* mm ' Jl
K fancy fuied Vase, 1 z tf^^|, >S< : JS, Wm 2 ° C Decorated China T « -W. L. Savage, Anthony Barker, Regis Senac,' goods; Monday ... . . . $1.60 " SMbHS Wn83&*T^Uir&33JFm *
: £ _ inches tall .. . 14c ">._ _-tfl /^p\ /sS3S^Jy|fl p °t or. Hot Plate Stmds Ellen Bernard Thompson and Ed^n Sandys. / Hock White Wine— Choice table quality; Mon- t j- > j y^l_-u , , |P , ; U I „ o -± \i *. X
soc fancy gja.s, on or (&&£&{/ -^-\ fettg^lm • • • • • • 146 For ths chiidre.i- Miss Beard opens a new ' day 5 gallon ;....... .i v 45 O Ladies and Children s Stuttgarter Sanitary Vests, %
8 vincgar BotUer ' { 2o \jj>* J WWlUiX 1 in .£» n«^r; and a d«ided v.n v. waHam,, :pj^ and Combination -Suits,- odd sizes, to be closed out J
X • ¦««• ,;::V^':,i. \ bluc and god decora- novelty has been providld In a s;nes of(. stories - regularly |i. 15 bottle; Monday .. . 97 c V u if f tu * 1 " »» 1" J»
X Imitation cut glass Sauce or Berry Dishes, regu- tions. ". . . '.'.'. •". . . . . . .33q written by Silas G/ Pratt, in each of which will Wood; Alcohol— For burning ''purposes,/ quart at OIlC"flZllI 01 IHC rC£Uu*T pWCCS. £
3 lar'y 7cca Jozen, set of 6 . . . . . 24fS 50c Glass Breakfast Sets, consisting of Sugar °e 'woven a song or instrumental p'ece. Clarkes ¦'• bottles; Monday ...'..-¦...; 3QO Ladies' Vests and Pants— Two-third* woo), Ladles* Imported Two-thread Maco Cot- 5
Jj loc iemi-pcrrelain Mush and Mil'-t Bowls, Bow', Butter DisS, Spcon Holder and Cream Me Llva'ne wi 1 also contribute a series of Natural Oin— Thorns & Sons, imported, regularly $1. 00 rests long sleeves, pants ankle length with < ton Hose Extracted polka dots, red only, \L
X colored decorations, each . .... . . 60 Pitcher, "dean-up" price . . . . 39C History sto ies.. , - 7 r : ¦' bottle;" Monday ......... ..76O French bands, small sit it 0*1?) regular hi|h-spl!ced heel, and double sole; regularly 5
« U anir § Pninioti /l«al ' «/««« ¦ In the Pattern ¦Department a 'copy,, of the Whiskey .— Willis Anderson County,- straight price 75c each, "clean-up" sale price. 30© 35c and 15c pair, "clean-up" sale price .. J»
x nttnu reMtnieU Upas VwarB February Fashion Sheet can be obtained without goods, spring '91; gallon 13.50; bottle.: . . Ladies' Wool PantJ— Pure Australian lamb's ' . . 17o w
5' ".-•'¦ Half Off RSffUfer PrfceS, Consisting Of ¦ any charge. Butterick Pattern Department - ...;:.: . . . . ,$/»0O wool, steam shrunk, white only, all sit«; . . - Mrte . H __ rforf B la C t Fxr™ fin, 5
2 o '•„¦¦ . V> xr d • • t, r, , ¦ • , main floor, unde.- the ladies' parlor. . V Fort or.Sherry— 5 years old; bottles .'. SOc regularly *i.»e each, "clean-up" price. 73© Ladl «; Im P« ted Hermsdorf Black— Extra fine J
g , Collar and C U ff Boxes, r e >u any Rose Bowls; regaarly each 35c. " \ ".•- '2_ J ;','.' "- '— . ,,.,', : -'.:., " '. ,: .. Ladils' Vests-Impor'ted Swiss kbed, silked : -V* 1 * M "° ST"? "f? i™! T T 5
$ each 65c. Boudoir , Sc:_S;'of six pieces, regU- *W* WMW1 E WkM W^ttSl&W^kW M MM M 1^ thread, low neck, fincy hand-crocheted °J™ J n J*'» J $ h ' S^ y ! «^rlj dc jS* '«
X , ' ' -p- " ' • ° C ma <mM& B&a lS» *?t - - -^ ' .. lM.Xt|y HB Bffl ffl bSshBIb Ladies" Imported Fancy Cotton and Lisle-thread Children's Us It-Thread Hose — Extra fine -5
X each 55c. r.aques regular.^ 25c to $2.OO. gS **^ Ca.lifori\iaJ^> L2^r<$CSt~ MWIffl >' Hose — Vertical Extracted figures and Roman quality, extracted polka dots, colors red and '5• BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
FIRST OF NEW STARS
THAT WILL TWINKLE IN
THE TIVOLI FIRMAMENT
BY GUISARD.
PARIS SWAPS DRAMA
FOR TH E CIRCUS --- THE
BERNHARDTS FOR BARIUM'S
Guillet's New S Tear** extra mince • plei, lc«
cream and cake. 905 Laxkln; phone East 19&. •
The discovery that* there are' microbes
in ice will make it necessary, of course
to boil it. ¦ - '
S»>ecial information supplied dally ~. to
business "houses and public men by the
Presj Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 5<Jc p^r Ib at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhounrl candy. Towr.send's.*
Choice candle?. Townsend's, Palace Hotel."
.. ' Possibly Gastro of Venezuela has provoked the United /States, Germany, France and Great
Britain for the purpose^ of -getting a grand naval parade around the Venezuelan^ ports: merely ."to
show his people \yhat a big man he is.
.-It' is said that Habid Ulah Khan, the ' new 'Ameer . of Afghanistan, I has ; - declared '¦ himself
opposed to "education by missionaries" and has avowed an intention 'to -set up* 'government
schools, so we may look out now for hew troubles on the old campground.
# T. P. O'Connor, the Trish leader, is.reported to have said recently: "I ; believe ; that : in half
a century from now no man will /rise, to the height of any profession, in the field; in the forum, or
at the desk, who is not- a teetptaller." It is' hardly : necessaVy to : say that M
off and has hot yet worn off the exuberance of hispledge.
Calif ornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The following
Calif ornians ' have arrived at . the hotels :
St. James— D. F. Fox and wife,, Sacra
mento; William Jarvis, E. L. • Jones and
L. G. Carpenter, San Francisco. Shore
ham—W. Galvin and wife, San-Francisco
Ebbitt— R. S. Lyng, G. H. Preston and
Mrs. Preston, San Francisco. New Wil
lard—C.H. Hopkins and wife. P.' C. Hop
kins and George A" Knight, San Fran
cisco. ' ¦ •¦:
Physicians say. that swinging Is health
ful exercise— yet many a poor fellow has
met his death thereby.
His plan is a simple one.. He would enforce an examination upon every applicant for
a stage career, and permit no man or woman to appear- before the footlights who could not per
form up to the standard. Next he would subject play-writers and managers to a r censorship.
They, like the performers, would also have .to pass, an examination. A man who could riot prop
erly answer questions as to the true purposes of the • theater and the rightful ends of dramatic
work-would' not be permitted to conduct a theater.' In short., the gentleman aims .to give New-
York City a civil service stage, and the country will be well pleased if the -Legislature give the
thing a .trial. It. is : time that 1 something were . done, and since expostulation has been in vain a
statute may be effective. :
:_Jt is hardly necessary to say that, the- legisfat^ who has undertaken the work hails from a
rural district. He has been to .the big ..city, has seen the show and has returned convinced 'that
the : stage needs the kind of purification that : Mayor , Low . is going to apply to Tammany* Hall. He
has thought out the various problems involved in the proposed reform and has prepared a bill
providing what he deems. a true remedy for every ill that affects the' American stage.
A CTORS, moralists, preachers, critics, scholars and some prize-fighters have each in
/\ their various" ways sought to elevate the stage. The press and the public, have watched
/ \ their efforts with sympathy and have frequently found occasion to applaud. , Sometimes
/ *" they have even found occasion to hope. All, however, has been in vain. The stage has
remained at the same level, or it may even have sunk a little. There have been times when it
seemed as if the "legitimate'' would become a side show and the vaudeville would -be the main
thing. Under such circumstances it is gratifying to know that a new reformer has arisen. He is
a member of the New York Legislature, and he announces that if his bill becomes a law it will
elevate the stage of New YorkCity as thoroughly as the civil service law has elevated . the tone
and temper of those departments of political administration where it has been applied:
LEGISLATION FOR THE STAGE
The Earl of Fingall, whose home Is In
County Meath, Ireland; • arrived at th»
Palace yesterday, accompanied by Harold
Sessions. During. the South African war
the Earl served In the Imperial Yeoman
ry as a lieutenant. He Is touring the coast
for pleasure.
C. 8. Wynn, a mining man of New York,
arrived her» yesterday and , Is at tn«
Grand. . ¦ \
. Frank K.- Roberts, a business man of
Santa Cruz, Is among: the arrivals at th«
Lick. .
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttlt of
Stockton is spending a few days at tha
Lick.
C. Carr of Monterey Is at th* Grand.
M. D. Kelly, a mining man of Sonor*,
Is at the Grand.
A. T. Gilbert, an Insurance man. of Bay
Unas, Is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
'r B * HE first of the new 6tars that will
I twinkle in the Tivoll firmament
3 when comic opera returns is Har-
I old Gordon, a lyric tenor with a
* voice of unusually fine quality. Mr.
Gordon is a native of Boston and
has an encouraging musical history.
He was the pupil of Sbrielia, who
taught Jean de Reszke the few things
nature left untaught, and is a lyric
tenor of the heavier kind. He has
had experience both In Boston and
New York. For some time he sang with
the Castle Square Opera Company, also
with the Kurwen Opera Company and
with the Southwell Opera Company. 'Mr.
Gordon has not confined himself to comic
opera, but has achieved success as Ra
dames in "Aida," as Don Jose in "Car
men" and in other grand opera roles.
The singer will be first heard here in
"The Ameer," that will follow "Little Red
Riding Hood" when the present furor for
Hartman's pleasant extravaganza has
died down. Besides "The Ameer," other
comic opera favorites ¦ to be given are
"The Fortune Teller." "The Serenade"
and "The Singing Girl." and by a com
pany that will be distinguished from most
comic opera companies by being able to
sing. • The voice limit is usually repre
sented- by 0 In the light opera bands that
are visited upon us, except with such as
the Perley people and they don't, come
around as often as they might But the
home company will have voice, fun and
good looks, down from principals to. cho
rus this year, that can give most travel-
Ing companies "cards and spades." Mr.
Gordon, as before eald, is the tenor, Ar
thur Cunningham's good baritone is as
favorably as it is well known, and Schus
ter has been mentioned as the basso. Then
there is Edward "Webb among the. come
dians, with a thoroughly pleasing organ,
and Ferris Hartman' and Harry Cashman,
whose • voices are never mentioned, . but
who are funsmlths of the first order.
Anna Llchter is to be the soprano prima
donna, which fact ensures the soprano
.roles a thoroughly musical presentment;
¦ Frances Graham, the handsome contralto,
; will again lend her beautiful voice to light
opera, and Annie Myers, the fetching sou
brette, will be another indispensable mem
ber of the. company. Meantime,' "Little
Red Riding Hood" still holds sway, with
Robert Drouet was by much the best,
the only Armand that has been seen here.
It is easy to believe from his performance
the little story as to why he lost his place-
In the company he was In before h*
adorned Miss Mannering's. "They say"
that in spite of his subordinate position
in the drama in which he was appearing
Mr. . Drouet by sheer weight of natural
brilliance so far outshone the star as
quite to dim ; her luster.' This would not
have mattered only that the Impertinent
public recognized the fact So ho lost
his place. i
. Mr. Drouet' s Armand was a masterly.
effort, full of grim, convincing: passion,
polished, tender, everything that It should
be. He is one of th© most gifted players
that have com© round this way— would
there were more' like "him.
ward the Shakespearean drama, and with
Mary Anderson a memory only, Ada
Behan disappearing Into the. past and
Julia Marlowe deserting "As Tou Like It"
for. "When Knighthood "Was to Flower."
It Is high time some one came up to fill
the place. I suggest Mary Mannering.
FAMOUS ACTRESS WHO WILL'
BE SEEN AT THE COLUMBIA
. THEATER.
The problem should not be left to the risk of a hasty solution in . the way of; municipal
water works undertaken in a hurry. Capital should be interested in the subject at once. At the
present time there is an abundance of unemployed money in the East seeking permanent profit
able investment. No better investment offers 'than thatof supplying San Francisco. with -moun
tain water, nor will there ever be in the. future a better time for making the investment. .
It is of course altogether probable we shall have the desired rainfall. Many -a dry season
'at, this time of the year, has given place to a season of abundant rains later on. While, however,
there is nothing about which to be alarmed, it will belworth while for the far-seeing men of the
community to ..consider the future. The population of San Francisco is 'increasing. The demand
and the need for water will be larger, every year. The local rainfall of the winter cannot be relied
upon always to supply, the year's needs of so populous a community as is now growing up
all round the bay. Sooner or later, we must bring water from the mountains where the flow is
abundant at all seasons; and the sooner we do so the better, /v _....
A correspondent of The Gall in a thoughtful article published Saturday says: "The writer
personally knows from an examination of the San Mateo reservoirs and the records of the reservoirs
and- water supplies as declared by H. Schussler, chief engineer of the company, 'that there is not
: now water enough in these reservoirs used together with air the company can get from Alameda
L County and. Lake Merced to supply the city through the current year- — also that a rainfall of not
less than 15 inches in San Francisco before April 1 will be required to make up the deficiency.".
SUCH citizens of San Francisco as are averse to, giving any consideration : to the water
, supply of the city until thejneed" of 'a better \ supply becomes 1 urgent may find. in the
present prolonged spell. of dry weather a sufficient reason for interesting^ themselves in
the subject at once. The, present water supply of the city is dependent upon the rainfall
in this locality from season to season, and the absence of rain may yet precipitate upon the
people a water, famine of a very- serious nature. -
OUR WATER SUPPLY.
A. good programme Is ] promised . by the
Minettl string quartet for Saturday even
ing next, to take place in the Young
Men's Christian Association * Auditorium.
The quartet will -be* assisted by F. Big
gerstaff and' the following numbers will
be given: Bazzini, string quartet in-D
minor, op. 75; Rubinstein," piano arid 'cello
sonate In D major, op. 18; Schubert, string
quartet in D minor, op. 14.
'Who has a one-act opera - "up his
sleeve?" Signor Sonzogno, the modern
Maecenas ; of Rome, offers ; a ¦ . prize of
JlO.OOO-for the best "one-act opera, in any
language, that is submitted to him.withln
a specified time, the said opera to be per
formed at the International Exposition,
Milan, 1904. It will be remembered that
it was by the kindly offices of Signor Son
zogno that Mascagnl got his first big op
portunity, the composer's now famous
opera, "Cavalleria Rustlcana," winning
the first Sanzogno prize. some years ago.
This is well, worth .remembering, by the
aspiring opera builder. It means not only
the handsome prize of $10,000, but the cer
tainty of production and In " the hand
somest " possible fashion. Further than
that it means immediate fame and almost
the certainty of continued prosperity.
Who has an opera?
• , • •
Mr. Steindorff reports satisfying prog
ress in the accomplishments of the band,
and Mr. MInetti, the coneertmelster, is
not j less enthusiastic over his confreres'
good work. Also the Interest taken by
the concert-going public in the : society
is highly encouraging, and it seems at
last as if here was an orchestra. that had
come to stay. Certainly San Francisco is
rich enough, certainly her citizens are
generous enough and sufficiently musical
to support the organization. It needed
only the awakening of public spirit to the
recognition of the need and importance
of the undertaking, and it would seem as
if this . had been actually accomplished
already. The audience for Friday after
noon next promises much to exceed the
audience of the inaugural concert. Still,
there is room for a few. more, and it will
not be fashionable to be found among. the
missing. . • ¦¦'>.-."
*/'\*iV'*
It is not probable that the captiously in
clined will find anything In the. pro
gramme of next Friday's symphony con-"
cert to cavil at. Mr. Steindorff, In hi6
modest, and, under the circumstances, en
tirely suitable opening programme,
was mistakenly held by some peo
ple to have underrated the intel
ligence of his hearers.' Needless to
say, this captious contingent was in
small minority. The rest of Mr. Stein
dorff's audience appreciated . fully, and
valued as highly, the reverent and unpre
! tentious spirit that guided the conductor
! In his choice of the opening programme.
'Next Friday's concert will be more am
bitious, and a varied, dignified and charm-
Ing programme has been arranged for our
entertainment. There Is to be the Beetho
ven C minor symphony for particular de
light, and other numbers will be the Saint-
Saens Symphonic poem, "Rouet . d'Om
phale";"a Lassen overture; the Scherzo,
from the "Midsummer Night's Dream";
and the "Wagner prelude from "Die Mels
terslnger." '£': i'fi,
• • •
no sign of any abatement of its popular
ity. . :/",>•
WELL KJCOWN EASTERN ARTIST
.WHO. WILL. SING IN COMIC OP
. BRA .AT .THE TIVOLI.
A FAIR exchange is no robbery,
Paris sends Bernhardt to us
we send Barnum to her. The
"greatest show on earth," the
old original.- brassy, noisy, saw
dusty, glaring, flaring, glorious old circus
with its pink and glittering beauties, flerj
steeds, venerable Jokesters and weird
side shows,, Is the very. latest craze ir
artistic Paris. The circus opened on No
vember 30, but the city was agog wltt
excitement for days before the perform
ance over the huge posters that adorn th«
walls. ' The big poster Is almost unknowi
In Paris. It Is not permitted, 01
Its use Is not customary with th«
advertisers, and, of course, it re
sulted in . crowding .the' circus, tc
suffocation . at : every performance. . The
Americans In Paris are highly amused
over tha success of the show, .but they
turn out themselves night after night, in
the same old way, "to take the children"
or, to "see the Paris folk go crazy over
an 'ornery* old home circus," or for any
• other overworked old reason for going.
. ; There are some Quaint stories told in
connection with the show. An American
girl, looking with tears In. her eyes at the
familiar posters, overheard a woman in
quiring of a. man at her. elbow: -
"Who Is Barnum?"
."Barnum Is the Emperor of the United
States and he is coming to pay a visit to
the President," the man replied. In all se
riousness. » .
The= same young woman -writes of -her
visit to', the circus: "We went on Tues
day to Ba mum's and It was really su
perb. The .building, the Gallerle de Ma
chine, is beautifully adapted for a circus
and I felt no end patriotic. > The band
played ragtime "almost altogether, "Hot
Time in the Old Town,' and so on, until
I wanted to do a cake walk around the
ring myself. . During the entr'acte we
¦went to see the side shows. • They have a
great many elephants and the keeper was
inside the ropea trying- to keep the
Frenchmen from annoying the animals.
He was yelling at them in English, 'Here,
keep your hands off!' We stopped to talk
with him, knowing that" he would like to
hear a bit of good American, and we told
him he should say 'No toucher . pas* In
stead of 'Hands off,' but he said 'this
darned French gibberish was too much
for him!'
• "Then one of us asked him where the
peanuts" were; there were none to give
the ¦ animals, and we were sure they
missed them.
¦' 'Ah, ma'am,' he said, sorrowfully,
•tahVt only, the animals, that's, got to do
without their V. peanuts In "this blamed
place/ -. •• . ' ,.- ' ' . . r
"We couldn't help laughing, he.; looked
so heartbroken over It, but it's' the fool
ish little things like peanuts and pie that
make ; the difference between home and
other 'places after all. They have- been
away..' four .years from 'America and do
not return until next fall. But the show
was gorgeous and the people here* have
gone wild over it." .. ;. ,""
. • • • \ -
-': The King himself has followed her,
' . .When she has walked before.
"King Henry VIII"- will : follow "Janice
Meredith" at the Columbia Theater this
week, with Mme. ; Modjeska as Queen
Katharine and Louis James as Cardinal
Wolsey. The production -.Is said to be of
the sumptuous order, and the company
concerned in its j representation numbers
thirty-seven people. Norman Hackett,
Thomas Cooke, Wadsworth Harris, John
Hons, Jerome Harrington^ Aphie James,
Mrs. Wells and Lois Gale are of the com-
There have. been three Camfoles of note
here within the last half-dozen years.
Bernhardt, Nance . . O'Neill, vivid .and
crude, and" now Mary Mannering, each
as different from the other as Mr. Drouet
from all the other Armands that have
drifted our way. BE9
It Is to be remembered that this was
Miss Mannering"s first performance of the
role v though from Its ease and finish the
fact could not have been suspected. Her
effort was remarkable throughout, no less
for its sharply defined limitations than
for its discovery of Tier characteristic ca
pacities: Camllle 13 out of -her gamut -in
an : exigent ' part of its ' compass- the sug
gestion of .the , wanton-^but coincident
wlthithe discovery /comes, that of a wide
range of high roles that lie easily. within
her. reach- The tragic note Is lacking, but
there ¦ Is a strong emotional power, a
womanly .tenderness, a touching .sweet
ness, , a delicate reserve, simplicity and
pathos that are fit equipment for the best
types of womanhood that adorn the stage.
Her youth shows Itself in lack of depth
and climacteric accent , and occasionall j
undisturbed -. poise, but ; these* will be at
tained, and conquered. As a picture noth
ing more beautiful than her Camllle couk
be asked. . .- -
To -me, her bent: is very evidently to-
Such a system, underrigid official oversight, it is believed, will amply protect? the public
and serve its convenience. In the; discussion of the banking law the people have, been meas
urably educated but of some popular illusions about banks. The; idea was once quite general,
and still prevails in some sections, that a bank is an injurious institution which- makes money
scarce by hoarding it. It has; come to be known now that, among the misfortunes that a bank
shuns, is the. idleness of its 'capital which compels hoarding. If a bank loaned' no money,. sold •
no exchange, discounted no paper, it would be, in exactly the same fix as if its capital had been
lost and its doors closed by insolvency.' . '..;'...": -
'A better understanding of the use and principles of banking is one of ttie useful results of
the campaign of financial education which began in 1896. The people know more about banks,
and among them there has started a movement that has been taken 'up by Congressman McCleary
of Minnesota and put on the inquiry list for investigation.
/ Under the law as it stands national banks must loan their funds on personal security only.
This is based upon sound principles, which require that a commercial bank shall' keep its assets
in a form of security that is readily controvertible. It is this principle which stands against the
emission, of a credit currency directly by the Government. The Government has only two ways
of getting the specie required to make such currency good, by: making it always immediately
redeemable. in actual value. One of these is by taxation, the other by borrowing. The first is too .
slow, the second too costly. ¦. The- system was exposed in all its. dangers during the panic of
1893, when the greenbacks ran into the treasury for specie redemption until it was empty, and the
Government had to borrow gold on its bonds to avoid suspension of specie payments and
national. bankruptcy. . The inquiry undertaken by Mr. McCleary is intended to develop how .
far this N principle may.be departed from in the case of national banks, by permitting them to loan
a fixed percentage of their funds upon realty security.; * ; . \
It is proposed to limit* this permission to small banks, whose patrons are rural people,
owners. of realty and needful of borrowed capital. ' ;;•-"¦ *
Loaning on realty is the proper function of savings banks, which' look for a more perma
nent form of security. Theyare not subject to some of the emergencies that beset commercial
institutions. The law benefits them by a time limit, to which they may subject depositors, and
within which. they may realize on realty securities. , V
Extending the proposed permission to commercial banks must' be carefully considered in
its probable effect upon them, by impairing their power to meet emergencies, and . also in its
effect upon savings banks. These are the trustees of the people, who are benefited by their
power to earn interest. Permitting national banks to enter the field of realty security may impair
that power to the injury of savings depositors.
Against this last consideration it may well be urged that people in cities have ready access
to both kinds of banks, while country people, have only commercial banks to resort to for accom
modation. The subject is of great, interest, and it is evident that Mr. McCleary intends to ap
proach it conservatively/ It will be interesting to know-how the national bankers the'mselves
•regard it. S^I^SS' •' : - .-/;,'¦%''
DISCUSSION of changes in the national banking system has gone far beyond, the orig
'•;., irial "propositions, which were lowering the minimum capital to $25,000 and providing
an elastic currency, by permitting the : issue of notes on assets . other than Government
bonds. The latterhas . not yet been effected. It is of great interest to all • business
. men, remote from the financial centers, because it will provide an emergency currency that will
not congest in those centers,; but will serve its temporary purpose and flow back into the bank"
which emits it.
REALTY SECURITY
r±±n SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUAKr 5, lyutf.
T^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN P. -SPrt ECKELS; Proprietor. - :; Address Communications to W. S.LEAKE, Manager
sunqay ;..... .: . .... \~. .;:.:.. ;.'.V.v'. . . ..:;;... ... .•¦:: :¦:'.••'.' . : . . ?::. : .. . . . . : .'. . .>. •¦ ._.- .January 5, 1902
Publication Office ............. cf^fe^^fe> .... . .... . . 1 ......... . . .Market and 'Third.': S. F.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
01 * Vk £2 bA
€€mnsm99
At all Druggists 25 cent»,/or mailed on re-
ceipt of price. Doctor's Book Mailed Free.
Humphrey's Homeopathic Medicine Co., ear*
ner William and John »t».. New York.
If you have all. or any one of these
symptoms,. take "77'; it restores the cir-
culation, starts the blood coursing
through the veins and "breaks up" tha
Cold. - ' .
flHfelHMHIHBtHHH^HBBb3
*-GSIP Is the concentration of Colda.
Catarrh, Influenza, Cough, Sore Throat,
all rolled Into one. Congestion of the head,
running 1 at the nose and eyes; dry, hot,
swollen, sore throat; it next creeps down
on the chest— cough, hoarseness, difficult
breathing and pain often down to the
stomach and bowels; chills up and down
the back, with lumbago and soreness. Tha
prostration caps, the climax, and you feel
too sick for anything.
Dainty |TT|
. Parlor \\JJ
Table |T\'
in Birdse3e '! lf\\
; Maple, Oak or V fc\
Mahogany, |
suitab'e for bay-window I
: or corner ....$1,851
We make a specialty of fur- I
nishing homes, flats, hotels and B
rooming- houses. Let us estimate H
the cost for 3'pu. Special after- 1
holiday reductions in all 'depart- \
! ments. Credit if j-ou v.ish. - We i
close at 6, except on Saturday. !
X BRILLIANT^
; TURNITURE CO., !
338-342 P^T STREET, |
Opposite Union Square. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.REDDING, Jan. 4.— Edward Moran, the
desperado held with Michael Gratz and
E. M. Silvey for having robbed and at
tempted to murder Harry Conway in a
box car of a moving train near Castella,
was arraigned to-day and . pleaded not
Desperado Fully Identified.
The New. Year's Edition of the \ Pacific
Oil Reporter is full of, hews, interesting to
oil men..- For sale by, all newsdealers. :..
For Oil Men.
\ BETHANY, Conn., Jan. ¦, '4.— Edmund
Peck, a retired . . Methodist . clergyman,
aged SO J years, and ? his daughter, Mary
Peck, aged 35,' were burned to death early
to-day in a •¦ nj* which destroyed ¦ their
homestead on the Bethany, turnpike.
Charles Peck of Waterbury, a son of Ed
mund- Peck, was. seriously, injured in?; a
jump from 1 the second story. The origin
of the nYe Is a mystery. 7 .
Clergyman and His Daughter Perish.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— A formal
proposition - to sell . the Panama ; canal
properties to the Government of ; the
United States. for $40,000,000 was submitted
to the authorities here to-day. It was
made by M. '. Bouef ve, ; representing "the
company, to 'Admiral Walker j as chair
man j of the Isthmian Canal ¦ Commission'.
Bouefve acted under .... cable Instructions
received to-day from the Panama Canal
officials : at : Paris. Admiral Walker
brought the proposition to the knowledge
of the 'Secretary of. State and the: Presi
dent,; going directly to the State Depart
ment for that 'purpose. . '/;, ¦ .
The submission of this offer carries out
a plan which , has been; under. considera-,
tiort for the last, two/weeks. The firststep
was taken; when Hutin retired from U the
presidency 'of ¦ the Panama Canal Com
pany.'- .This brought about" "an entire
change in j the : agreement, I the main ' j fea
ture of the change being that those in au
thority' desired; to make : > a Vdeftnite of
fer of the Panama properties to the Gov
ernment,'for $40,000,000; ; There have; been
numerous meetings at* Paris with this end
in view, but, the one which brought about
the final proposition was held "yesterday.
In substance the notification delivered to
Admiral Walker, was as follows: . . '
- "The Panama Canal Company, declares
itself • ready, to transfer : to the '. Govern
ment of the United States,* on payment of
$40,000,000, its properties and . concessions,
estimated at that amount • by the Isth
mian Canal )'. Commission," . in conformity
with the terms ¦ and conditions of the I es
timates of. said commission." ' "
Except -to submit, the proposition in the
foregoing terms I there - was no ¦ discussion
with Admiral .Walker as>to what further
steps were likely to ..be * taken - except i to
bring the • proposition to • the attention of
the Secretary; of State and; the President.
% It can be stated. that the President will
communicate the proposition to Congress.
This course will -be pursued the
administration " holds that the canal ques
tion Is now, purely one for,; legislative de
termination, : and .: that. . as ..Congress ; is
about Uo ; consider the ' subject* it should
have : possession", of * all facts > that ;: have
come to * the ; knowledge . of : the executive
branch, i '-*,'¦..» •' ' ,' -,'. "¦¦',¦;' ¦¦¦•¦; .
.-' The offer ' as ¦ made to Admiral 'Walker
and I later . communicated ; to the President
and "5 Secretary 'of State -refers to Uhe es
timates of the Isthmian Commission's re
port. 'This feature ,:of the commission's
report appears 1 under ' the : caption, "Total
Value • of , the ;J Panama ', Canal,"., and Is ? as
follows;-- .:'-;".¦¦-'¦<¦".,¦•¦.:¦> ¦-;•¦¦' ¦-';:, --•:¦ y
T VSumming ud • the '¦. f oregoirlff . items - the
total .value ofithe propertyis found, to be:
Excavation ; already < ', done, T $27,474,033;
Panama-railroad- stocks at "par. $6,850,000;
maps/? drawings and ! records, • $2,000.000; J to
which add .10 per cent\ to cover omissions^
making the; totals, valuation': of the Pan
ama*Cana.li?40,000,000." t -' : '
Panama Company Makes
an Offer to United
. States.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4. — John Delany, 15
year-old son of J. P. Delany, was burned to
death to-day by an explosion of kerosene.
CANAL PROPERTY
IS NOW FOR SALE
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Jan. 4.— A party
consisting of Oliver LippincotE, T. N.
Chapman and Winfield Hogaboom of Los
Angeles and Alfred Doyle of Flagstaff
started at 2 o'clock to-day in an automo
bile for the , Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado,'seventy miles distant. They expect
to make the trip in three hours and a
half. Their specially made machine car
ries 1000 pounds baggage. The weather Is
favorable for the attempt.
'Mobile Trip to Grand Canyon.
While the Hanna man swept the board
in the House, the Senate nominations In
clude only one pronounced Hanna man—
Richard Lynch, for enrolling clerk. -
The result of the Republican . nomina
tions made to-night- affects more. than the
Legislature, which convenes next Mon
day. The prestige of , the Ohio Senators
with the national administration and in
future- national and State campaigns, the
reapportiohment of the Congressional dis
tricts so as to affect those who are now
in Congress and also those wanting to go
to Congress,' the nexf gubernatorial and
other nominations" for State offices, as
well as the re-election of Senator Hanna
two - years hence, . have, been openly and
freely discussed as the contest has waged
the Past week. , . .. .
McKinnon wa? nominated over Price
on the first ballot by a vote of, 38 to 30.
After McKinnon's address of acceptance,
Price was called out and made the sensa
tional speech of the day by nominating
and declaring himself for Hanna for re
election to the -Senate two years hence
Price said that he found It easier to get
pledges than votes and eulogized Hanna
and McKinnon, to whom he credited hla
defeat, as men of the highest character.
A. G. Comings of Oberlln, one of the
Hanna leaders, was nominated without
opposition for Speaker pro tem. '
Burgess L. McElroy was nominated for
re-election as Chief Clerk of the House
over H. V. Speelman on the first ballot
by a vote of 43 to 25. The Foraker repre
sentatives made their last hard stand for
Speelman. The other nominations were
made without opposition. •
In the Republican Senate caucus most
of the time was devoted to the selection
of a committee to apportion the standing
committees. F. B. Archer, the Foraker
candidate, was nominated for president
pro tem without opposition. F. E. Scobey
was nominated for chief clerk over W. B
Uhl, whose nomination Senator Hanna
had strenuously urged, by a vote of 14
to 7. .•¦¦¦-.•¦*>. .
Representative Guerin in presenting the
name of Aaron E. Price of Athens for
Speaker repeated the statement that Price
had been indorsed originally by both Sen
ators'and other Republican leaders. He
denounced "outside - influences" and the
threats to make."one-termer3" out of cer
tain members. • ¦
The Republican Senate caucus was short
and featureless, but the House caucus
was animated and lasted . several hours.
Representative Cole in presenting the
name of W. S. McKinnon of Ashtabula
for Speaker denied that McKinnon's elec
tion would be construed as a humiliation
of Senator Foraker, whose re-election
they all desired. - .
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 4.— In the Re
publican caucuses this evening for the or
ganization of the General Assembly the
Hanna men secured control of the House
and the Foraker men of the Senate. Some
of the nominations for officials of the Sen
ate were made without opposition, but
there was a "fight to a finish" for those
of the House, especially for the Speaker
ship. There was no compromise in this
case. In the Senate the Senators' make
up the standing committees themselve3.
In the House the Speaker appoints all the
committees, and the contest was primar
ily for the Speakershlp, with everything
else as secondary.
Hanna Gets Control of
House and Foraker
of the Senate.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— Judge York to
day annulled the marriage of D. D. Bacon
and wife of Monrovia, because Mrs. Bacon
has discovered that her former husband,
whom she believed to be dead, is alive in
San Francisco. ' • V
The Bacons were married in 1S99 and at
that time Philbrook, the former husband,
had been missing five years. Under the
belief that he had" died the second-mar
riage took place and was supposed to be
valid until Philbrook appeared in* the
north. It is supposed that the now Mrs.
Philbrook will obtain a divorce from Phil
brook and later will re-niarry Bacon, her
second husband. . ¦ . ¦¦-
BIGAMOUS MARRIAGE
ANNULliED BY : COURT
RIVAL LEADERS
SHARE HONORS
Carnegie himself to make the public an
nouncement. • . .
The articles of incorporation of the Car
negie Institution were filed with the Re
corder of Deeds In this city to-day- The
incorporators are Secrelary of State John
Hay. Edward D. White. Dr. John 8. Bill
ings. Daniel C. Gill man. Dr. Charles C.
Walcott of the Geological Survey and
Carroll D. Wright. The articles fix the
name and title of the institution as "Car
negie Institution" and show that It Is or
ganized for a "perpetual term."
Its objects are the promotion of study
and research, the power to acquire, hold
and convey real estate and establish spe
cial funds; to assist investigations in
science, literature or art; to co-operate
with governments, universities, colleges,
technical schools, learned educators and
individuals; to appoint committees of ex
perts to direct special lines of research,
publish and distribute documents, con
duct lectures and hold meetings, acquire
and maintain a library, and in general to
do and perform all things necessary to
promote the objects of said institution.
The affairs, funds and property . of the
corporation will be in general charge of
a board of trustees to consist during the
first year of twenty-seven and thereafter
not to exceed thirty members, except by
a three-fifths vote of the board.
German Officer Kills a Student.
JENA, Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisen
ach, Germany, Jan. 4. — Lieutenant Thieme
of the Nirfety-fourth Regiment killed a
student named Held, of Halle University,
In a duel here to-day. The encounter was
the outcome of a quarrel on New Year's
day, when Held assaulted the lieutenant.
Thieme was slightly wounded in the duel.
SAX DIEGO, Jan. 4. — Twenty-flve freight
cars,' loaded with machinery for the California
Kins Gold Mining Company, are sidetracked
at Yrnna. waiting for transportation by wagon
to Picacho. This is the flr»t consignment of
more than 1OOO tons destined to go into the es
tablishment of the company's dry cru^hin?
roller mills.
CARNEGIE COIN
TO BE UTILIZED
Prominent Men Form a
National University
Incorporation.
WASHINGTON.. Jan. 4.— Secretary Hay
and & number of gentlemen Interested in
the Carnegie project of a national univer
eity met at the State Department to-day
and formed an incorporation known as
the Carnegie Institution. It is understood
that Carnegie has removed the obstacles
that existed as to the acceptance of his
510,000,000 donation to the cause of educa
tion and to-day's action was the first step
toward giving legal form and substance
to the proposition.
• Besides Secretary Ilay, the Incorpora
tors, all of whom were present at to
day's meeting, are Edwin D. White, Jus
tice of the Supreme Court; D. C. Gilman,
fcnnerly president of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity; Charles D. Walcott, superintend
ent of the Geological Survey; John S.
BillingE. ex-surgeon general of the navy.
and Carroll D. Wright, Commissioner of
Labor. Marcus Baker of the Coast Sur
vey was also present, not as an incorpo
rator, but charged with the preparation
of the articles of incorporation.
The meeting consumed about an hour.
There was an indisposition on the part
of those present to enter into details of
the project based on a desire to allow
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 4— The body of
the man found at the oyster beds near
Millbrae yesterday, by Robert Dunphy
and Arthur Pohelm, was to-day identified
by Marv Ducroux ¦ of I San Francisco as
that of her brother Fred. Deceased was
between 17 and 18 years of age and has
been missing from his home since early
in December, at which time he and his
brother Louis started out in a boat to
gather clams.* The boat, with the body of
Louis aboard, was found on December
13, near Millbrae, and only a short dis
tance from where that of Fred was found
yesterday. It Is almost certain that both
young men met death together, and it! Is
almost equally certain that death in each
case was accidental. 7 The theory that
Louis was murdered by Fred was given
up longr ago." Coroner Crowe and Sheriff
Hansfleld both feeling satisfied that the
body of Fred would in .time be discovered
In one^of the creeks near Millbrae. >
Digger '• and Has Brother Met
' \ Accidental Deaths.
Little • Doubt' That Millbrae . Clam
BODY IDENTIFIED AS
THAT OF FRED DUCBOUX
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G' STREET, N.
W., .WASHINGTON, D. C./Jan. 4.—Mem
bers of the California delegation are prac
tically a unit; in opposition to. tariff con
cession in favor of Cuban sugar. Not all
of the members are now in this fclty, but
it is well known that the substance of the
views quoted voices the sentiment of
the entire delegation. "When asked to-day
whether he favored free trade in Cuban
raw sugar, or the admittance of Cuban
sugar at less duty than other raw sugars,
Senator Perkins said: : .
"I am decidedly against each proposi
tion and utterly opposed to granting any
tariff advantage', whatever to . Cuban
sugar. .It would be a great blow to' the
beet sugar industry of this country, 1
which I desire to. see. fully protected.
Any tariff concessions on Cuban sugar
would inure to the benefit only of a lew
Cuban planters. -Many influential Repub
lican Senators favor the scheme, but I
hope it may .not succeed." *,V . >
i Representative Metcalf, in reply to the
same question, said: '« : '
"This question is coming up fdr consid
eration before the Ways and Means Com
mittee, of which I am a' member, and
therefore I do not wish to discuss it now,
but you may say I am heartily opposed to
the granting of any tariff favors to Cuba
which would injure any of our own indus
tries. I am against all reciprocity treaties
and shall not favor any tariff legislation
which will have an injurious effect upon
Pacific Coast industries."
Representative Kahn said:
"I am against trade In Cuban sugar at
less duty than other foreign sugars. Sta
tistics of the beet Sugar, industry show
that California farmers are more than
ever interested in it. I believe in . fully
protectlng It."
Representative Loud said:
"As • an abstract proposition I am op
posed to admitting Cuban sugar free or
at less rates than other sugars. But there
might be circumstances surrounding the
consideration of the question which would
impel me to favor such legislation."
Special . Dispatch to } The v Call. J
Protection of the Beet Sugar
Industry Is Demanded by
Men of tne West.
California :Congressmen
Give Their Views on
Cuban Tariffe.
OPPOSE GIVING
ANY CONCESSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNbAY, JANUARY' 0, 1902'
guilty. Morah admitted to two previous
convictions In Utah, which show him to
be none other than Edward St Clalr, who
served terms there for robbery and for
wounding Chief of Police Fred Melasner
of Ogtien, with whom he had a running
fight. . . .
23
Radwa/s
Pills
Purely i vegetable, • mild and • reliable. Causes
perfect . digestion, complete absorption - and
healthful > regularity. <r -•-' ". . .* .•¦.¦¦-.
'• For the cure of all disorders ot the Stomach •
Liver,'" Bowels. :' Kidneys. , -¦ Bladder,' .i Female • Ir-
regularities.': Sick ; Headache, ' Biliousness, • Con-
etipatlon,- Piles, and; all: derangements of the
Internal .Viscera." 25c a > box." At : Druggists, or
by malf ,'v;i'' ,'RADWAY & CO., New York.,
STOMACH BITTERS
Grandfather John Harris, Claytonville,
Kans., says: "I have used your Bitters
and attribute my long life and continued
good health -to its use.'!, *" . •"
Men and women who have
reached advanced years oT life
need a medicine to tone up the
system and strengthen the j>tom-
ach and kidneys, which after so
manv years' faithful service have
become weakened. The best mea-
icine to meet tiieir needs is Hos-
tettei's Stomach Bitters. Do no:
fail to trv it. fg ' [:
OLD FOLKS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦SBBBUBIflBBBBMIianaBaBB
B •- « ' ' '¦ "•''*¦ ' ,¦'¦'-¦¦.- ' ' '- • '¦¦
I rj*^i St Ve^ rti " M OW lively in progress. The ]
1 T^fSN I f Dressers Weathered Oak enormous holiday trade leaves g
8 fir^ il <^ e Furniture, us an immense array of broken ¦
g J|fr-£f-^^l S2i -rrames 8 '" 5 of fi^ e merchandise which we g
I JliiSiliiM Dining chairs; Propose to dear away by means of 1
q (~^^T^^ g^ u vorrisEasy most radical reductions, or 60, 50, S
n i^$&^^^Bi ? v ma - chairs, 40, 30 and 25 cents on the dollar. S
=Ji LJ> — * - Jl^— - 1 "ogany, Parlor Rockers '• ' HI
I W=S£^^^^2P Piati | O d««n Portlpr^ Bras s Beds, French D<- Music Cabinets, H
I *gg£55Sigf ml r° r pfZlT DeSk *' Va0S ' Hall Trees, |
n |^SS5S^$| «"iy Parlor Lamps, , sideboards, Gentlemen's i Chamber Suits,
a 1 J2 C II 1Z. Enamel Beds, Ladies' Dress- Desks, Vernis Martin j
i : . VllilJ Chiffoniers, ing Tables, Office Chairs, Cabinets, EJ
n W§ 4«5ifiOT ML' 3 . 6 Laree Handsome Couches, rococo Rattan Furni- Hal Chairs, ' rj
? VW VjGLr**' shape, guaranteed construction, coverings *„_„ r; n _ inHlx stnnlc a
a l*k P5aJ»3r of imported velours c»o 7c ture, tine India Mools, U
a $&^>~ ' 3)1.3. /O Lace Curtains Flem.sh Tapes- H
S \g&~*~ /Eml Extension. Tables <10. like cut, solid oak, C( mbination tues, H
S * ' * - - ; '••¦••• *^g^,^ highly polished tops, large column legB n p .i, ., I Ihrarv Furni. B
¦ • of handsome design, cut to CiQ Te " e , tP1 uoraryiurni
a ... ; T^r. •• only; „... 3>1"«^3 Bookcases, ture. |j
¦ 162 Elecant Eockers. • M:**™"** gft: I H U ft!.... J.!.!'..... .'.... "'.... J . 18.00 B
H golden or mahoganv ftn- If* 0 ~ r5r • Body Brussels, 8 ft. 3 In. by a
¦ 1sh. beautifully hand *• 10 ft. 6 In 18. OO I
3 carved, high arms and Fancv Solid Oak Chif- Eleerant Diners <llke English Brussels. 9 ft. 2 in. by „
XS embossed leather cobbler foniers <?ee cut), special cut), 60 dozen of them, 10 ft. Sin 1T.5O n
g seats, to close out quick- lot of five drawers ajid carved back, braced arms Wilton Velvets. 8 ft. 3 in. by » ¦
[ ly reduced to.. CI CA well made Ci • 7K and cane seat, to QK r 12 ft 19.00 H
*DI«3v «3> •¦ J close out, only.... " 3<rf And many other sizes. B
gBBBBBBHBBBBEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
89--,..,.r ,.,,-, ¦ ¦..¦¦.,.,.,.¦¦ ... .. ---... ..-..-- — - — - — — — r—. r—. -o •
| remnant sale J
| begins tG=mor row {
S The greatest sales of remnants San Fran- f^^^j^S^if^S^^Sm^^ ' S
S Cisco; has ever known have been conducted A very heavy, serviceable,; doth, for short' walking •
Z ¦¦ ¦'.- .' -• . skirts, cycling costumes; rainy r day shoppinR- dresses, »
J by the. Market - Street Store OI Kohlberg,; . etc—full inches wide-^lengths from 2 x A<to 6 yards J
• ; Strauss & Frohman. Last year pur success^ \ 1°^^^^^^!°^" '£&%&& §
2 was ' phenomenal — the store was crowded Remnants of. Curtains— '/ . , S
• .¦':' ¦¦¦ - , . , . , • . < ., , •¦•- ¦¦.. ' -, '¦¦•¦¦'¦ -• Manufacturers* samples, sale ' samples; curtains that •
•, from early in the morning until late at night. , have been used in windows for exhibition purposes. # in •
S Tn-mnrrnw wp start anntlipr salp and will sell ' single. and half 'pairs 1 , i All slightly , soiled— Irish **
m vlO-morro\VAve Start another sale ana will sell . Point> Brussels Net, Madras and fine' Nottingham' •
9 off the entire accumulation of remnants in " curtains among' them— some sold as high as' $17.50 a; •
O ,,_ , , . ., -' ' • , " ¦' r , ¦•¦ , r .ti ; 1 pair— the greatest sale of > odd -.curtains ever, held in
O the last six months at from J4 to.^ the. usual; San. Francisco begins here to-morrow mdrnintr from g
e price." A wonderful opportunity to get many ¦.' f^^s^p^^i 1^^^^^.^^^^^^^. •
Z e . r J & . J - Remnants of Linens, Sheets and Towels, etc. •
remarksble bargains — waist lengths, skirt; Over 500 remnants of !bleached and unbleached table O
g lengths, suit lengths-all must go— arrang- \ ¦"'^^^e^r^San^ol sheeting and over ] %
5 £d on ' tables for easy, choosing. Extra help , Turkish and : damask towels go on sale. beginninK o
• .:.-,.. / s . ° . to-morrow, at a tremendous reduction — *I1 these are ©
J to serve you — come mornings if possible in slightly soiled, bift the prices make uo for this dam- O
• order to avoid the, crowd '¦' : -age— all at half: the original marked price. »
w oraer to avoia tne crowa. Remnant ale Odd Comforters- •
•, TABLE NO. 1-Side Ais'e. 75 odd comforters of full size— the kind for doable 2
• Remnants of Scotch Plaids— {; .7 . , beds, filled with pure white cotton batting— in gooJ |>
• Wonderful values— the newest styles— the briRhtest patterns, i he regular $1.25 kind-r-on the sale tables
5 colorings for children's dresses, shirt waists, etc. — v until soldat..'..-.:.. ...¦.,......-.. ..OOc each •
double: fold, silk bar effects— Remnants from 2 to 10 R:mnante oi Foulard Silks — . •
0 "" yards long— 25c quality— on the table. .....10c yard • -Printed, foulards *and changeable silks —^in the very g
0 TABLENO.2-Front. newest shades, and patterns — the kind we have been 2
• Remnants of Black Sicilian Alpaca— sellinier for 60c— on the tables. in remnant lo 1 *. begin- o
5 ;Thefamous English, iron frame make, the kind that £ in * to-morr6w, at..:........... ...25c yard o
Z has been selling in such quantity all the season' for Remnants of German Eiderdown— .,;. :.-^ - : - ; o
S $1.00 a yard— full 48 inches wide— over 100 remnants Over goo remnants go on a table to-morrow of the ©
• from 2 to 7 yards long-on the table to-morrow at ?"«* hea ;vy German eiderdowns we have ever seen— ©
• . .,......'. ; 50c yard in figured and striped and plain effects— omk. blue. g
...... ' V"'*^ '!¦''' *'"'^"'' B i'' A '.'i'""" cream, old rose and red are . among them— Just the X
8 R=n,na»,s oT Si.k Finished Henriettas- . «™ jg gg£?S££2Z?ZZZZ.gFS8 8
• For. party dresses, tucked waists, tea gowns, kimonas, Remnant Sale of Bedspreads — o
2 f, c — °l o f tlv e^ nin « shades,. such as ¦ cream, baby Big enough for double beds and extra heavy— white •
• blue, pink, cardinal I, old rose, mle,. heho. geranium. croc h e ted spreads in Marseilles patterns— well hem-. ©
S e t c -— $ in ches wide-our great 35c and 45c grades on me d_a jrreat value at a dollar-I-an odd lot in a lira- g
Z the tables in remnant lengths............. -lc yard ited quantity. 73c each 2
• TABLE NO. 4-. entsr Aisle Left. - Remnant Sale of Pillow Cases- g
0 Remnants of Pclrola IVovelty Suitings- An extra kood, heavy grade, a 36x45-inch pillow o
• The greatest fabric of the season— two-toned effects— case, made of fine undressed muslin— the . kind that *$
2 .in red, navy, brown, garnet, green, mingled with sold at I2^c — on the remnant tables, beginning to- O
S -black— figured effects, neat designs^ — very latest morrow Oc each •
o styles— full .17 inches wide— the most popular 50c and yf// o f the above items are for sate at the S
O 6bc line of dress goods we have ever carried — rem- MARXFT STRFFT STORE ONLY it nil *,*** a
© nants from 2 to io yards long-on the table, beffin- MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY. As all are •
• ning to-morrow ....../... .........25c yard remnants, orders for samples cannot be filled. g
S The Following Items for Sale at Both Stores. |
2 A Great Sale of Fancy Ribbons— * V - ' Our Great $5.OO Silk >Vaists Reduced— O
• All-silk fancy striped ribbons— 20 different patterns— • Just: like the illustration— the greatest g
• tfA and 4 inches wide— selling at 25c, 30c and a silk bargain we have ever shown— peau 1B» to
2 yard— on sale, beginning to-morrow, at.... 15c yard de soie or taffeta, tucked front, pouch (J&&&L ©
2 ' -¦-." a style, very latest sleeves and collars — RT$ x lilw\ ©
© Ladits* Handkerchiefs Reduced— thoroughly up-to-date in every way— °
S Pure linen hand embroidered — a little mussed frbm white, blue, lilac, pink, delf, reseda, car- VS^i f>
% ¦• the .'Christmas' rush, otherwise perfect— regular 50c dinal, gray and old rose— a wonderful [Wfj %
O grade.. special.. :.' 25c each special, beginning to-morrow^. .._. vM&r O
• -; Regular 23c and 35c ; grades, special.. 10c each $3.15 each N.W*
g ¦¦' .'- ; ." .- •¦•',• • „¦ ¦"/•-...- . ;. ¦ ¦. • ' •
Belt
¦ T h c : 'Dr. . .-if- vu-^. ' : A 1 d # n Ki^rf *-\o
i e l ; i™»tn !5svj3'C " 'Open sory)" is
guaranteed ,*? a *^ . to 'possess all the'
curative properties of: the expensive "belts'
now gold by doctors and druggists, it elves
a very strong current of electricity and Is
easily:, regulated.; Bound to supersede
; others.^ Can be ! had • the : undersigned :
only ; NO ' AGENTS ; NO ; DISCO UN T .Clr-
, cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.; 206 ; Post st.. : San Francisco, or
1145 . Broadway, ' New ;. York. . - ., ' ¦¦¦'¦¦¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBUHHBBBlBBIBHBlMHNNMmB
I MUST HAVE CASH. MUST SELL GOODS 1
S \ ANNUAL GASH RAISING CLEARANCE \
\ SALE OF OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF g
j EXCLUSIVE FINE TAILOR-MADE CLOTHmG j
¦MUST HAVE ROOM FOR SPRING STOCK, PRICES CUT TO PIECES. |
|?$12iO MEN'S SUITS ANT OVERCOATS for... $9.00 ¦
1 15.00 MEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS for. 1LC0 ¦
¦17.50 MEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS for.........;.. 14.08 ¦
1 20.00 MEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS for. ......... 16.00 |
I 25.00 MEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS for :...;...,..., 20.00 |
| $2.50 MEN'S PANTALOONS -tt^^^^^SStSI^I:
¦ 4.00 MEN'S PANTALOONS for .....;;. = .2.50 S
f 5.(10 MEN'S PANTALOONS for 3.50 |
1 7.00 MEN'S PANTALOONS for .-;;..:;........ 5.00 g
! $6.00 YOUTHS' SUITS AND OVERCOATS for..;;.......:$4.50
! 7.50 YOUTHS' SUITS AND OVERCOATS for....... 6.00 B
¦ IQlOO YOUTflS^ SUITS 'AND OVERCOATS for, . . . y. . ;. ¦ . , 7.50 5,
1 $4.C0, BOYS' SUITS AND OVERCOATS for........;. $3.00 B
! 6.00 BOYS' SUITS AND OVERCOATS for.;. 4.5« g
B 7.50 BOYS' SUITStAND OVERCOATS for. ;... 6.00 B
i • 2.00 BOYS' LONG PANTALOONS for. 1;25 3
! IM BOYS' LONG PANTALOONS, for;...... .......... 2.50 B
J: -75c Boys' Knee Pantaloons -for , ; 50c B
j $LCO Boys' Knee Pantaloons for. ...... .,....:....... 75c -B
1 Sale Commences To-Morrow, Monday, at 8 O'clock li
| MAIL ORDERS GIVEN PROMPT ATTENTION. - «
I DURING SALti; ALL GOODS NOT SATISFACTORY a
j WILL BE .EXCHANGED OR MONEY REFUNDED. a
! J. J. GlMlA & GO., !
g THE RELIABLE CLOTHIERS. ' v H
¦ W756 and 758 MarketrSt^Cor: Grant Avc. B
BITlUWWH. IM 1IHII|T>I> II I II I fHlllil ¦ till III I > T I 4 il ill I ... ¦ - M
QaaB39aBBa9BBIIBBBBBBIBHBBHHBBHaHBBHBflflBBBflB5
l _ l ____ ADV^EBTISEaiENTS. __L_
Impairment of hearing robs one of many were intended for them. What happened
of the joys of life, exposes to danger, in- to them is of frequent occurrence and in
terferes with capacity for usefulness, three cases out of four might have been
limits ability to transact business and prevented by the use of Stuart's Catarrh
earn a living. Many annually abandon Tablets. These tablets cure all- kinds of
their plans, ambitions and hopes on ac- catarrh. They can be bought In any drug
count of loss of bearing. btore for 50 cents a box.
In nearly every case of partial or com- , That Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do ef-
plete deafness there is another feature fectually cure catarrh of the eustachian
that to many is more troublesome than tubes and head noises and deafness
the difficulty of hearing— the distracting resulting therefrom is. attested by the. fol-
head noises. ' These make such an im- lowing: \
pression on some as to almost drive them Mrs - J * n * Barlow, the famous modiste,
insane. The everlasting buzzing, ring- Bays: I finally had to give up personal
irj?, snapping, rumble or roar distracts attention to my customers, and in conse-
them by day and prevents rest at night. S" 6 ", 06 JlSSS^f vJ ~T i W H n * elsewn J re - x
It should be understood and constantly Armv Rurzenn C S Rpvpriv )io/.on,«»«
borne in mind that to restore the hearing d^rf^om SSSrh that ' fa€ f wVf o^d ?o
and Bilence the distracting noises a treat- re slen his Dosition and abandon ht«nrn
me-nt is required that will allay inflamma- ?Sn. He IS "of course my P i£
*ion in the eustachian tubes, reduce the herent professional prejudice was hard to
congestion and swelling and stop the se- overcome, but knowing of the gTeat ben"
cretlon of mucus so that the tubes will flt you had received, my dear General
be and keep open for the free passage of through the use of Stuart 1 rf Catarrh Tab-
a f i nt0 e - ml<S il?, **** J fo ,! oca i l5r . a ?" let8 « 1 use <* thera - The great and almost
plied medicme will effectually do this, immediate relief I experienced was truly
only a searching constitutional alterativo astonishing. , I am now entirely cured and
and resolvent will cure catarrh in the have no fear of. the' disease returning. I
deep recesses of the head. go back to my old post next month.'!
Two acquaintances of the writer were Stuart's Catarrh Tab rets have done it
run down and killed by the cars in one do do it. will do it. Try them and be
year. Both had catarrh of the head, convinced. They are for sale at any drug
which had extended up the eustachian store at 60 cents a box. It will put you
tubes, leading from the throat to the mid- to very little trouble or expense to prove
die ear, and were quite hard of hearing, what they will do for you. Send to F. A.
In both cases the coroner's jury decided Stuart Company. Marshall. -, Mich., for
that they came to their death because of their free book about catarrh.- A postal
inability to hear and heed signals that card will bring it.' Write to-day.Edward E.. ! Beard, sexton of Trinity,
Episcopal Church, Gough and Bush
streets, reported to , the police . yesterday
that he was held up by. two men ! shortly
after 7 o'clock Friday night in •; Lafayette
square, while walking to his home at 2423
Buchanan street. - One,- who had'hls'. face
concealed by a', white handkerchief.; held
a revolver pointed at Beard's^head, while
the other went through his pockets. They
stole the "keys of 'the 'church named but
overlooked $7 and- a. watch. , ' ¦. '
They Take From Him the;; Keys of
Trinity ¦ Episcopal Church ; on
Gough Street.
MASKED ROBBERS HOLD
' UP CHURCH^ SEXTON
Going, Going and Gone
Must and will be every suit of clothes of
the bankrupt stock. Other goods are
awaiting to be put into the store, so bet
ter hurry and get your all-wool men's
suits that are worth $18.00 for only $4.65.
To-morrow as a special 500 nice stylish
suits and overcoats for $4.65 at the Bank
rupt Clothing Sale of the Boston. 773 Mar
ket street, near Fourth. ."&tvV'-; *
Knowlton Held to Answer.
Major Joseph Knowlton was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan yesterday on the charge of
felony embezzlement in $2000 bonds. He
was accused of embezzling $120 from his
brother-in-law. James' H. Doollttle of the
St. Nicholas Hotel, while he was cashier
there. Doollttle at the time of Knowl
ton's arrest staled that the total' of hU
peculations would amount to about $23,
000, covering the period of seven years he
had been cashier at the hotel.
,Too often producers outside of that field fail
?to remember, that i the Kern River oil field has
a dominating .influence upon - the ¦ entire oil ¦ In
dustry of the State. „ A number' of competent
Speaking incidentally of the influence
that the, Associated Oil Company is likely
to have . upon - the > oil Industry | of | Calif or
nia;? the Los Angeles Herald says .in the
course of a thoughtful review of the facts
as = they existed at -the end r of the : year
1901:.: ¦¦¦:¦. .,"•-¦ ¦¦:¦•. -- " -li-A \- : . :-;¦¦¦:¦'¦
Combine's Great • Field.
The Standard < OH Company has « the ma
terial for thirteen tanks with a capacity of
455.000 barrels, or 3000 carloads, on the ground;
it has the grading done: for sixteen tanks with
a ; capacity of.6C0.000 barrels, or 3600 carloads,
making a total 'of elxty-one tanks with 'a ca
pacity of. 2,133,000. barrels,' or ¦ 13,725 , carloads
completed ' and ¦<. under ."course \ of •. construction.
Besides this, the corporation 'has announced Us
intention of building thirty-nine additional re
ceptac es with a capacity of ; 1,365,000 barrels,'
or, 8775 carloads. This will make a total stor
age capacity, of 3,500.000 barrels, or 22,500 car
loads.' .This 1b ; equal to 450' tralnloads of fifty
;cars i each. \ The basis ; on which ¦¦ these figures
are made ; is that in a , 35,000 barrel tank 223
carloads ; of ; oil ~ are ' storedr
The Bakersfleld Calif ornlan makes an
annual review of- the operations in tho
Kern River district. The statement Is
summarized by saying that during • the
year 1901 there was an increase in the
district of 243 producing wells in eleven
sections. Outside of these sections about
seventy-five other wells have been com
pleted, in twelve months. There has been
a marked advancement in the district dur
ing the year, notwithstanding the slump
in prices for oil.- Where there were only
the beginnings of pipelines at the opening
of, 1901 there is now a perfect network ot
such lines. Railroad spurs :have been run
to many sections. Loading facilities have
been provided. The operations of the
Standard Oil Company. In. the district have
been on a large scale. That company has,
according .to the figures,
6800 carloads of oil from the district stored
at -Tank City. The Californian: says:, .
An Annual Review.'
From this date Interest will . attach
closely to the Associated Oil Company.
The talk of a pool of other companies
that have not merged in the Associated
Oil Company seems to have . come to an
end. In the immediate future* the work
of the Associated Company will be to the
end of improving prices. The combina
tion of so many large companies into one
does away with the competition in which
they have been engaged. They , are not
therefore an element in the cutting of
prices. The Kern County, companies that
are outside the combine, or that have not
decided. to ;come in when^all the prelim
inaries are arranged, are very few.
There are some who have imagined that
when the Associated Oil Company was in
corporated the work was well in hand.
As a matter of fact, it was then only be
gun.- The project depended upon the
merging of large producing oil companies
in the Associated Company. This waa
attended with difficulties, but the solid
arguments that were advanced by the
promoters made their way and insured the
merging of properties, as announced ex
clusively in The Call; .'
The actual beginning. of operations ,by
the Associated Oil Company has brought
the oil .industry of California to another
and highly interesting phase. The great
combination began its .work on the first
working day of the present year.' For
many months there has been uncertainty
in various' quarters as to whether the
promoters of the Associated Oil Company
would succeed In gathering in the great
oil producing companies of the region
north of Tehachapi. .Up to the very .-last
of the old year the- insiders kept their
own counsels well. When the deeds »had
passed for the properties that have 3,000,
000 barrels of oil to deliver under annual
contracts already made, and there was no
longer any doubt of the wisdom of pro
ceeding actively, the company made its
announcement. • ¦ :. „ ¦ '
Fat pork, baked in honey, was a favor
ite, confection among the ladies in the
days of Horace.
Kern River District Is
Key to the Oil
Problem.
TEACHERS WILL PERFECT
A STATE ORGANIZATION
Committees Appointed to Draw Up
Flans for Advancing Their
Tti f PTPctc
A.U. LCivS CSe
At the annual meeting of the California
Teachers' Association held in Pacific
Grove last month, the president of the
association was empowered to appoint a
committee of five whose duty it shall be
to perfect a plan of organizing the teach
ers of the State into one body for the
purpose of advancing their Interests.
The committee consists of the following
ranted: W. C. Doub of Kern County,
Superintendent Hugh Baldwin of San
Diego County, Superintendent J. W. Lins
cott of Santa Cruz County. President C.
C. Van Llew of the State Normal School
at Chico and Richard D. Faulkner of the
Franklin Grammar School of San Fran
cisco. ••-",¦ *'•¦.'.
The committee will act under the fol
lowing resolution adopted " at Pacific
Grove: i' . .,":
Whereas. It Is deeded expedient that the
teachers of thle State organize eo that they
may act as a unit In order to secure much
needed reforms In methods of school work, in
order to make the profession of teaching more
attractive, to the end that ¦more men and
women of ability will choose teaching as a
life work, and in ordfr to secure the enact
ment of Iaw5 which will make the public school
•sj-Rtem of more practical value to the masses
of the people: therefore, be it
Ttpsolved. By the California Teachers' Asso
ciation, that the president of this association
appoint a committee of five whose duty It
shall be to work upon this question of or
ganizing the teachers of this Htata and report
the result of its labors to this association at
its' next regular meeting.
Two Years for Burglary.
ilichael Kelly pleaded guilty to a charge
of bui glary before Judge Cook yester
day. He was sentenced to two years in
Folscm Penitentiary. On October 31 he
broke open a tool chest In a new build
ing, -To Guerrero street, and stole a num
ber of tools belonging to Joseph Paganinl,
a car:»entcr.
The Judge in dismissing the cases said
it was an outrage to have arrested the
defendants. It was clear to him from the
testimony of disinterested witnesses that
Mrs. Kilbourne was- very much under the
influence of liquor that evening and she
had made so many contradictory state
ments that her testimony was unreliable.
There was nothing proved against the
character, of the defendants and he had
no hesitation In dismissing the cases.
The cases of Frank Morrissey and Mar
tin J. Flynn. charged with robbery and
attempted assault, were dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday. Thomas Crouch,
who was also arrested on the same
charges, was acquitted on Thursday. The
complaining witness was Mrs. Ruse Kil
bourne of Santa Rosa.
and Martin J. Flynn Are Dis
missed.
Charges Ag-ainst Frank Morrissey
JUDGE CHARACTERIZES
ABKEST AS AN OUTRAGE
COMBINE HOLDS
STRONG PLACE
Professor Howard Lectures.
A small but select audience listened, to
Professor*Burt Estes Howard of Stanford
University lecture in the Academy of
Sciences Hall last evening on "Education
and Democracy." The lecture waa a part
of the University Association of Chicago
series. . ' ~t,-'
"When You Feel Vaguely
That something la lacking to complete your
happiness order a bottle of EVANS' ALE. It
surrounds you with contentment. Leading
dealers. *
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4. — Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury H. A. Taylor will retain his
position under Governor Shaw, the new Seere
tary of the Treasury. The retention of Mr.
Taylor waa agreed upon at the consultation be
tween the President and members of the Wis
consin delegation.
enelneers In makinc a survey of that field,
after -mt exhaustive Investigation, based upon
an analysis of the oil sand and the relative
amount of saturation, as well as the extent of
the -oil sand ns determined by the extensive
explorations that -have been. made, arrived at
the conclusion that there Is oil remaining un
derground comauted at 1.185.000,000 barrels,
approximately twelve hundred million barrels.
The present oil consumption in California -was
also investigated and found to be about 0,000.
000 barrels annually. An annual consumption
of such an amount will require 200 years to
consume the amount of oil believed to be
stored In the underground reservoirs of the
Kern River field. It thus. appears that this
field alone is capable of supplying California
with fuel oil for the next hundred years, and
that after allowing: double the amount of the
present consumption. And this oil Is produced
cheaply. ¦ • ¦_
Politicians of the Democratc party who
happen to livo in Lob Angeles do ¦ not
speak of Synder with glowing enthusiasm.
Down in that region of the State Wash
ington Dodge is regarded as the real
Moses, but hereabouts Synder. Is exalted
as the leader. There seems to bo a fine
opening for Dick Beamer to butt in for
the leadership, as the city candidates ap
pear to lack some of the elements of pop
ularity. ¦ " ¦=. •
Franklin K. Lane, City Attorney of San
Francisco, called on Mayor Snyder In Los
Angeles a few days ago. The Herald as
cribes political significance to: the : visit,
quoting a remark made by Lane ."that
there was talk in tha north of. Snyder for
Governor." V
Speculation is rife around the City Hall
as to whether the Intended programme to
appoint Charles Fay to the
caused. by Mr. Russell's death will be car
ried, out to-morrow. Many expressions of
disapproval are heard * over. Pnelan's
scheme to appoint a successor to a man
who lay on his deathbed. It is said that
a clerk of the board must be elected on
next Monday when the board meets, as
no official business could be transacted
unless a clerk had qualified. None of the
Supervisors . would discuss the matter
when. seen on the subject, but in all like
lihood a successor to the late clerk will
be appointed at once.'
Will Appoint Clerk for Board.
On© Important change in Mayor-elect
Schmltz's: slate for the commissions will
be made. A. Gruenberg will not go on
the Police Commission. The latest deci
sion places H. W. Hutton on the slate for
the Police Board. In order to extend rec
ognition to Gruenberg further revision
may become necessary. The City Front
Federation strongly advocated Hutton's
appointment and the pressure was- so,
great that the Mayor-elect was con
strained to change the list. Hutton is a
Republican and Judge. William T. Wal
lace, whose term will expire on January 8
next, is a well known Democrat. The
Democratic party, however, will have
representation on the board In the per
son of Commissioner Mahony, even lf
Schmitz should appoint a Republican to
succeed i Wallace. J. A. Drinkhouse's
name has been considered and the claims
of Michael Casey have received consider
ation. It is known that Mr. Drinkhouse
is earnestly supported by men who . are
clcse to Mr. Schmitz. Mr. Casey is also
strongly indorsed and assurances' are
given that he would -accept the office of
Police Commissioner if it were tendered
to him. :¦..'??<.>:'<• .
Hutton for. Police Commissioner.
Registrar Walsh has prepared some in
teresting information regarding the
changes which will result from the appor
tionment of the city into new Assembly
districts, which went Into effect January
1, 1902./
The hold-over .State. Senators are J. M.
Plunkett, Seventeenth District; Richard
J. Welch, Nineteenth; Edward I. Wolfe.
Twenty-first; John G. Tyrrell. Twenty
third, and J. H. Nelson. Twenty-fifth. The
outgoing Senators, S representing the
Eighteenth, Twentieth. Twenty-second
and Twenty-fourth districts, are R. Por
ter Ashe, S. Bettman. John A. Hoey and
F. W. Burnett. Under the reapportlon
ment several hold-over Senators repre
sent territory that was not embraced in
their ' districts when they were • chosen.
Wolfe and Tyrrell, for instance, represent
voters who took no part in their election.
The inclination to move out of a district
represented, by Wolfe may. be strong, but
the expense of moving is considerable. No
Senator is to be elected this year south of
Market, east; of Eleventh . and- north of
Drannan streets, the. old Thirtieth As-
Bembly District having been entirely shut
out. The Mission elects two Senators, the
Western Addition gets one and the down
town districts one. The new Fortieth and
Forty-first Assembly districts are added
to the Fourth Congressional District, hav
ing been transferred from the Fifth. The
Thirty-second Assembly District is trans
ferred from the Fourth to the Fifth Con
gressional District.' Clever . scheming In
the interest of Julius Kahn was done at
Sacramento.'
City IHstricts Are Readjusted.
do not go representing the executive
committee of the Union Labor party. I
go as a delegate from the union to which
I belong and will resist to the utmost all
efforts on ' the part of politicians to use
the convention to further their political
schemes. I go up to Vallejo with our
delegation to-morrow evening. If deter
mined resistance is necessary to defeat
a movement to indorse candidates or
commit the convention to any course of
political action in the next compaign, I
will open headquarters and organize
forces. Of course, the convention will
consider such subjects as the Chinese ex
clusion and anti-injunction laws and will
take measures to secure labor representa
tion in the Legislature. . I do not know
who Is putting up the money, but I hear
that delegates have been offered their ex
penses and a good time."
J. H. Parry, chairman of the executive
committee of one faction of the Union
Labor party, will go to Vallejo this even
ing to attend the convention as one of tha
representatives of I the Pile Drivers' and
Bridge Builders' Union. In speaking • of
the convention he said:'
Parry Will Go to Vallejo.
The sentiment among the local labor
ieaders is against the indorsement of can
didates ana against the introduction of
political cuestions.
. ¦ ¦ - v
Alert politicians are scheming to gain
some advantage at the annual convention
of the California State Federation of La
bor. The convention will meet at Vallejo
to-morrow. It is expected that three'hun
dred properly accredited delegates will at
tend. Agitation is caused by rumors that
an effort will be made to force the adop
tion of a resolution commending Governor
Gage. It is said that plans have been
cleverly formed to spring a resolution of
this character. While the adherents of
Gage are planning the Democratic poli
ticians are interesting themselves in. tho
affafrs of the coming, session. A Demo
cratic-syndicate with money to burn is
supposed to be taking a hand. The story
goes that delegates have been assured'
that all their traveling and hotel^. expenses
will be paid and provision made for , a
good time generally. Delegates availing
themselves of the hospitality of the'Dem
ocratic syndicate will be expected to sus
tain a resolution to create . a State Cen
tral Committee. ,-;::/ J *>Ci'^":^O:
Governor Gage and Demo
cratic Syndicate Are .\
on the Lookout, i
Plan to Capture Dele
gates to !the La]3or
Convention.
WILY SCHEMING
OF POLITICIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN0AY, JANTJARY 5, 1902.
Values Her,' Affections Highly.
Charles Anderson, a wealthy Klondiker.
who, i, rumor has ¦It,- has;, had'; more £ love
affairs than It- Is- decreed should '• be > the
portion of any one- man,"- has had one too
many, if Miss Alma de Bretteville., a well
known young artist ¦ of this ¦. city, is ; to : be
believed. , Just what Charlie's other * ex
periences •, with Cupid have cost " : him i is
not- known, , but his affair with; Miss' de
Bretteville .will . cost : him ¦ a fortune ; if the
Superior Judges of, this county value her
affections * as, highly as '¦ she > does ; herself.
She is suing \ Anderson for * $50,000 ¦ for
breach of contract.*' alleging in . her com
plain: . that the Klondiker. promised to
•"•"•» her November ' 5." 1901. '¦ i''".:- ." T> •'.-
24
AnnoDncement
K J ' TO THE
J^ PUBLIC
Ir 1\*77/' T> o 171110 t 0 tan tx-
\V I \ )lA// // Tor * 1 >l« orttlclara and,
IV I \J> j I //¦ many Inquiries received
by us from the medleal ¦ prof asaion and othars
Inter»ita4 nranllnr our ttatstnent that tl»» bo-
caUed weakness of men U not a weakness, but
symptoms of Inflammation of the Prostata
Gland (neck of bladder), caused by contracted
disorders and early dissipation, and that Lot»
ot Vitality, Prematurtneu. ate, %n Invariably
cured by procaduru directed toward eorractlna
,tb.!s tnflasunatloa, w« wish to stats to thes*
many .Inquiries, In th* columns ot the press,
that it takes approximately ten weeks to cur*
these disorders ot tha male. Tha treatment la
entirely a local one. as no dronrlns; the stomach
to necessary, and that th* patUat may treat
himself at bom* tinder our direction, w* win
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to anr
reliable physician on request. Th* colored chart
•f th* «rrans, which w* send fre* en applica-
tion to any on* interested in th* subject, will
t»e found a mat advaata«9 In "Bom* Dlacno-
¦la." as well as a study for all Interested i*
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DR. TALCOIT 4 CO., 997 Market St,
That May Yet be Realized by f^^^^^^pjlii t v.|||^B
Blood Poison Sufferers- 11®
¦V It is, the hope of every man to some day establish a home of . i^8!2i
his own where he can enjoy the sweet companionship of a loving wife B|f| 111 IllllJ^^^^l^^^^riSlvVii 1 'il'^ff^^
and brig-ht. happy children ; and many times in the quiet and seclusion pif§ | j if^^^^^^^pll 3wM^^^^M'll|j7 s -
of his ¦bachelor quarters his imagination paints beautiful pictures of | gff, || |j^^^^rtj^ii Ill^SfP^^^^
domestic happiness, and he sees in fancy a peaceful and contented little MOi f^^^^^^'S^f#^(TONN !
family circle, into which the cares and "worries of the outside world are jk^ ||k|| \
never allowed to enter, and where love is the only law. Mill m\ i^j^
Poverty keeps many from marriage, but their number is small JnIS^^^'^** 16 * 3 ""^ l i
compared to that mighty host of unfortunates who are victims of that "'.
heinous disease, Contagious Biood Poison, and shut on t from the enj^yinent of matrimanal happiness. Riches in plenty,
social position, and the highest honors may have been won, but all these would the unnappy lover exchange for health and
the assurance that no symptoms of this loathsome malady would ever come back; that no taint of this black sin remained
in his blood to be transmitted to posterity or blight the life of the one he has promised to love and protect.
r j, : Contagious' Blood Poison has brought more misery into the world than all other diseases combined. There is no limit
to its powers for evil ; happy homes are broken up, and confidence and affection turned to distrust and hatred by this slimy,
hissing serpent. So highly contagious and treacherous is ¦ * •¦¦ •!• r*>
this disease and so surely transmitted to others that.those PatFCIYtS Responsibility vireftt
whose blood has been polluted by this awful virus may well .
pause and consider— is it safe for me to venture? Will my marriage bring happiness, or degradation, suffering and shame?
Often-times all evidences of blood poison disappear andmarriage is contracted under the mistaken belief that all
danger of contaminating others is past, but your dream of happiness is rudely disturbed when you behold the return of the
disease, and the pure and, innocent wife must share your shame, and the weakly little infant bear upon its body the marks
of this loathsome malady.
Whoever relies on Mercury and Potash as a cure for Contagious Blood Poison takes desperate chances, for these drugs
cover up and mask the symptoms but drive the poison deeper into the blood and system, where it feeds upon some vital organ
and periodically breaks out upon the skin. The effect of Mercury and Potash upon the system is simply terrible. They
eat out the lining of the Stomach and destroy the gastric juices, producing a bad form of dyspepsia. They also penetrate
the bones and muscles, when Rheumatism and offensive sores are the result. Salivation often follows their use, and the teeth
and gums become so sore^ that solid food cannot be taken, and the body wastes -away for want of nourishment. We have a
standing offer of $ijooo for proof that S. S. S. contains one single mineral ingredient. It is a combination of vegetable alter-
atives and tonics that make it beyond all question the purest and safest of air blood purifiers. For many years S. S. S. has
.^^m^. *>^^^^. been recognized as a Specific for Contagious Blood Poison, and a perfect antidote for the virus
if>rfB^ri B| H^J M^"^^k ma k es this disease so terrible and far reaching in its effects upon the 'human system.
\ U V'^b^^^ * a thoroughly and completely does S. S. S. cure this disease that no recurring
symptoms are ever seen,, and the blood is ! made as pure and strong as before the taint of
&*wZ^ fc^-%-1 fc^I_'Ii -J fearful curse entered. It will cure you and remove all danger of transmitting to future
C!!^^^r h^^^^f P oster^ t y blood poison in any of its varied forms, and its use will bring back health to
those you have unwillingly infected, and your home be made as bright and cheerful as
heart could wish, and your dream of happiness becomes a living reality.
We will gladly help through our Medical Department those who write us about their case. Our physicians have had
large experience in treating Contagious Blood Poison, and you can have the benefit of their skill without charge. Self treat-
ment book, containing valuable -information about this disease, will be sent free.
/ The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RPTTQT-TCQ FOR barbers, bak-
JL/X1 \J OXli-iO *rs boot blacka. batr-
housei*. billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannen,
avers. liourmMls. fuunUrles. laundries, paper-
hangers, printer?, painter?.' shoe factor!**.
kiablemen. tar-roofen, tanner*/, tailors, ttc.
1SUCHANA.N BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento S*
WONGVVOO,
•Kf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
764-C& Clay St., S. F. , Cal.
y^Ji^^W A LL DISEASES CURED
'WUasea*. t-\. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3COO varieties being used. Hours
9:K0 to tl a. ro...l to 3 ana 7 to » p. m.
DR. HALL'S EEINYIGORATOR^rafSi
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Fiv« &&9 u tcM
hundred reward for any cas<> w» fSSa Su4T\
cannot cure. ThU secret remedy 9 »
cures Emissions. Impotancy tr^n Btra
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. W« V25I
Strictures. Drains. Lost ManI Ufcil tbVl
hood and all otBer -wasting ef- K5 H33
fects of self-abU3e or excesses. jStfCTV**!
Bent fealed. J2 bottle; S bottle*. »5; guaranteea
«.fi r .^ VI?^"*- Ca " or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 865 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073£
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book.
@A| sS rag §a r^ n »ra h
F'riedman'g Furniture j
The Biggest
Roll or Carpet
ii/Vcr ivxsiQ©
Has an "end," two of them you may say,
but its the last ends of big rolls we want to inter-
est you in — the first were sold during the last six
months of the biggest carpet year we've ever had.
There are hundreds of short lengths, up to 18
yards, mostly Axminstcrs, Body Brussels, Velvets-
and Tapestries; just as good as if cut from the full
roll. Some with borders; all to go as they arc:
Tapestries 65 10 upgrades 40 cents yd.
Velvets /* 1. 15 g«dcs 55 cents yd.
Body Brussels $ 1 so » $> 6s 65:cents yd.
Axmlnsters $1.50 to ?i 6 S 65 cents yd.
/ '; — -Xhese prices do not Include laying
You may '
-I : . A piece of, furniture the last time you
dtlS-V© . pCCn were in that you liked, but were not quite •
'_.¦[¦¦ -'¦'-'¦• , ready to get. That same article may be
among the many on which we have made great reductions, especially if it
isin the parlor or the dining-room, furniture. Many reductions on odd
pieces all over the house. Reductions are marked on the ticket that car-
ried the original price (in plain figures), as is our custom. '
. ¦«« The Credit House." Six Storiei- High.
• - ¦ ¦ ''iHmffHHIBBrl ' '. 3 7
Ir Makes eye-glasses andT
spectacles to order at moder-
ate cost. Expert mechanics
to do the work.
For other eye troubles
(consult your oculist.
.642 Market St. .
rE^S^^j CHARGES REDUCED FOR (MW^{
L*£2£J SEVEN DAYS ONLY (_££££_!
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
WORLD'S GREATEST PALMIST. C LAIKVOYANT AND SPIRIT MEDIUM.
Specal Offer for Seven Days Only!
' ncalizing there are many skeptical people in San Francisco Sir Henry has decided to
giw all an opportunity to test hJs wonderful powers at the special price ot
HIS FORMER $5.00 READ- $4 fill lf Readin 9 s
ihp Rnwpcn Tn «J I I Si Not Correct
INb RfcDUGED TO . ¥ | B |J|J No Pay.
> Three questions answerer! by mall $1.
i incloM si. date of birth and 2c stamp for reply.
i Unlike the fortune" teller and pretender, he asks no fee tn advance, and absolutely re-
• fuses to accept same unless perfect satisfaction is elven.
KNOWN FROM OCEAN 10 OCEAN as the MARVEL OF TWO HEMISPHERES.
Former adviser to Her Late Majesty Queen Victoria.
Founder and President of Prlchard'a "School of Palmistry." London.
I* . Jk _,^ " 1.1 . Comment of European Press
u 1 1-^ -JUwiiJ^^IljiLl-J* v^l.'-'li'.iJJMWuil.' 4Jt l *M!ar/fl &WII1 and ome Distinguished
i * — «M_vM_^ W M^aM«^a^^^MB M * M^^^^^ ha will last for seven days only.
As a i e3t in the Reading li.' Will Tc»! Your Name, Age, Occupation.
Whom and When You Wi I Marry
No matter what troubles you may have with yourself or others, come and he will guide
you. He advises you with a certainty by a higher than human power.
HE GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS, speculation. Investments. Insurance, changes,
travels, health, sickness, love, divorce, marriace. law cults, separations, wills, deeds,
mortgages, patents, claims, collections, etc. He will tell you what trade, business or pro-
fession you are adapted for. >
He is the foremost medium of the day. He fully understands the responsible position
he i? placed in by the remarkable gift he Is endowed with, and will help those who need
help and advise these who are in need of advice, and do all in his power to show all hon-
est callers plainly and in forcible language how to gain happiness and prosperity.
HIS REVELATIONS ARE* MOST WONDERFUL and acknowledged to b« of the h!*n-
r-ft order, not made to satisfy idle curiosity only, but Intended to Rive those who seek the
truth a permanent 'relief. He does not cater to the superstitions of the Ignorant, credulous
people. If you are in doubt that he can and will perform all he claims, feel yourself In-
vited to call and he wCI give you a more, substantial proof of his marvelous power than you
have ever before received from mortal. ¦'• •", ,:-'
WHY CONSULT AN INFERIOR MEDIUM OR PALMIST WHEN SIR HENRY
PRICHARD. THE ACKNOWLEDGED LEADER OF THEM ALL. IS HERE, AND HIS'
FEE NO HIGHER THAN THOSE LESS COMPETENT?
Reading* Daily, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday, 10 to 5. All business sacred and con-
fidential. Maid in attendance.
All mail matter and P. O.- money orders should be •' addressed to- Sir Henry's private
secretary. Mr. C. F. WALSH, this address. Private parlors and office.
1104. iarkpf Sfrppt P4. corne n«^ rkst
Iiy 1 ? lilUll\5l OIIUUI lltiT ! Opposite ZinkandV
Suites 11. 12. 13. 14. 15 and 15%. THE VENDOMK,
: ... ¦---*:*.: . .Upstairs. First Floor. Reception Rooms 1.1 and 14.
I l_ .WEAKNESSES AND DISEASES OF MEN
If you are tired of experimenting, apply to us at once. OUR
I NEW VACUUM TREATMENT is Nature's Remedy, and is a
guaranteed cure for LOST VITALITY, VARICOCELE NER-
f VOUS DEBILITY. WEAKNESSES. Spermatorrhoea STRIC-
\ TURE, INFLAMMATION- of and Enlarged Prostate Glands
I PREMATURITY. LACKOF NERVE FORCE AND VITAL-
| ITY and KINDRED DISORDERS.
Jj CURES when all else /ails. For the purpose of advertising
E our New Method we are coin? to give away. ABSOLUTELY I
I FREE, one of our VACUUM APPLIANCES to each sufferer I
; who applies to us at once. Call or write at once, for the offer will. I
j be\held open for ashort time only. ¦¦,
: Cures Varicocele in five days. Cures Inflamed Prostate Gland B I
\ in five days. , , ,fll
a This is NOT A FREE TRIAL- or deposit proposition — we \\
1 mean absolutely what'. we say. The VACUUM APPLIANCE will IB
| fcc sent FREE OF CHARGE. Call or address II
K THE IMPERIAL VACO-APPLIANCE CO, §1
J rept.'25— No. •«> Ellis' treet, Pan Fra' cisci, v"al. II
®. Office Hours-, 9 a. m.. to 5 p. tn.; 7 p. m. to 8 p.* m. Sundays. 10 to 12 m. JkmTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
SUNDAY. JANUARY B,
NOTE — In tha above exposition of th« tides
the' early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tba
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
cexnetiraes occurs. .-, The heights ¦ given t ara : in
addition to the soundings of the United States
' NOTE) — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf)- about
twenty-fire minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
thority of the Superintendent.
'•"' Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Surrey —
Time* and Heights of High and Low
;.; Waters at fort Point, entrance to San
; Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. E. Navy, in Charge.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
!.:•.. at noon of , the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time .-'¦¦
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal.,
January 4, 1902.
Time Ball.
' SACRAMENTO. Jan. 4.— The mangled body
of a young man found- lying: by the side of
the railroad track in Tolo County last nlKht.
eight miles tveat of this city, was to-day Iden
tified as that .of ; Frank McNamara, a section
employe. ' ¦; ¦' '. ¦ >. ¦ ' •'- > " - ...."¦'
Rev. Joseph HIckey will preach at. the
10:30 o'clock mass at St. Ignatius Church.
Rev. Father Sardi -will preaclK'in -the
evening after vespers. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ; -:.*.-:
Rev. Milton Buck of the Trinity M. E.
Church? will preach v this morning ,on
"Gaining Life -by Losings It," and in the
evening on -"The v Past Years Returning."
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on "New Bottles for New Wine,"-* and in
the evening on "A New Year's . Exhorta
tion.".f." . -p. 2:\ ''¦' . ~\ : - '-•¦? - tUi *
Rev! Frank K. ' Baker of j the First M.
E. . Church . will j preach' this morning; ; on
"The . Death ' of Jesus and Its ..Signifi
cance,"'and.in the evening ,on "A Fatal
Choice Which Wiped i Out •' One . < Man's
Name From Biblical History." " - '¦ '
, : Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson 1 Me
morial M. . E. Church will r Rreach ,this
evening on. "The Great. Requirement 7 .'.'- v
Rev..F.. M.VLarkin of. the Grace" Mr-E:
Church wiliu preach this- morning :on
"Famine Experiences in India, ", "arid In
the evening - - on V- "New . Year's Resolu
tions." :'. . ' : * . - -v .- ¦. .
. Re v. F: W. Ketflh of the Epwqrt h M: : K.
Churdh will; preach this mornirg 6n";,"The
Christian's Armor," " and. | in I the evenin-j?
ori'.'Tlie-Alpha'and Omega of Our Lives;"
Rev. F.-W." Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. - Church : will preach this evening on
"A Neglected Salvation." •' : / My '
ReV.* John "A. B.-T Wilson of the Howard
street M/E.; Church will - preach this
Local Pastors Will-Dis
, cuss Many Important^
Topics, "j ':'/: -;:\
VARIED SERMONS
TO BE PREACHED
-BANDON, Or— Arrived;- Jan 4-fStmr Manda
.lay.^hence 1 Jan 2. - ¦' ' ..' -. "S
¦ SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr West-"
port, Erlck«on. : from ;* Eureka ; '* stmr Alcatraa,"
Cart eeh, . from Greenwood." ¦ ; ,.
Sailed .^ Jan ,. 4— Schr Orient, Sanders. \, for
Grays Harbor, In .'ballast; schr Sadie , Wester
dal. for Umpquft, "in ballast; stmr Brunswick,'
Andersen.- ;fnr' San tFrancisco. - • .-.-' • --,v -'¦'::¦
SOUTH BEND-^SallCd Jan" 4— Stmr Rival.
DOMESTIC PORT9.
POINT : LOBOS, Jan : 4, ; 10 ;. p • m— Weather
hazy; wind NB,. velocity q; miles: per hour.'
TELEGRAPHIC,
Ped Ger schr Hercules, from Jaluit. Jan 4 —
On Deo 6, lat 80 N; Ion 178 E, sprung a leak
and had to Jettison 100 tons copra.
MEMORANDUM.
Schr Norman Sunde Is a total wreck on Flv«
Fingers Island. Captain and crew of four are
mlselng.' Vessel • was driven ashore during . a
storm Dec 25. ' ••¦*•-¦»-
PORT TOWNSEND. Jan , 4 — Stmr Dolphlni
f rpm Bkarway, reportB having . met heavy
weather, . during which decks were continually
flooded, carried away forward " companion way,
panels in ¦ the cabins were knocked out. win
dows in staterooms broken and twenty feet of
forward port rail carried away. ' -
DISASTERS
Deo 0. lat 7 N, Ion 30 W— Fr bark St Ro
gatlcn, from Swansea, f ot San Francisco. ..
Dec IB. Ion 33'W— Br shlo Scottish Glens,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco..
SPOKEN
. ' Saturday, January 4.
Strrir Scotia, Walvlg, Rockport.
Stmr John S Kimball. Thwing. Seattle. ¦
' Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino. .
Stmr Greenwood, Fageilund, Greenwood.-
I Stmr Newsboy, Johannscn, southern coast.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen; Eureka. : V;." 1 '
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos > Bay.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Grays Harbor. "
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, Honolulu.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmlth.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, Honolulu,
Yoltohama and Hongkong. ¦
Ship S P Hitchcock, Gates,' New York. .
Ger ship Elfrleda. Meyer, Queenstown. :•'.
. .Ger ship. Willy Rlckmers, Boncke. Queens
town. - .
Bark S C Alien, Johnson, Honolulu.
\ Br bark Sierra Blanca, CorkhIH t ' Queens
tewn. . : '
Bktn Addenda, Perry, Columbia River.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Benedlkston, Eu
reka. . .¦ '.¦.¦¦.'./. . ¦ , -
Schr" Monterey. Panzer, .'
Schr Conflanza. O'sen, Flshermans Bay. !
Schr Eliza Miller, Johnson, Coos Bay.
SAILED,
CLEARED.
r .*,' ?V Saturday, January 4.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwing, Seattle; E"T
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro: Good
. Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman. Honolulu; J>D
Spreckels & Bros Co. ¦ ¦'?„?
Aus stmr Maria. Hreellch, Nanalmo; John
Ropenf eld's Sons Co. ¦ , ' _- '
Jap stmr America Mam, Going, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong; W H Avery. i
Bktn Ruth. Cameron, Mahukona; The Chae
Schr Halcyon, Johnson, La Paz and Altata;
Hlckman & Masterson.
Saturday, January 4.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, 9. days from Se
attle, via Astoria 8% days. „ r
Stmr Cella, Adler, 15 hours . from. Bowens
Landing. ¦ . . ,, _.. .
Stmr Lakme, Nelson, 4 days .from Portland.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, hours from
Seattle, via Portland. ¦ „'._>..
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, 16 hours :from
Albion; bounfr south; put In to land passen-
Be cfe'r ship Peru, Schierloh, 50 days from Val-
Pa Br iS s°tmr Santiago, Reid, 39 days from Val
paraiso and way ports.
Br bMv Clan Macpherson, McDonald, 147
&a.ys from Newcastle, England.
¦ Br ship Hyderabad, Scott, 70 days from
Newcastle, NSW. „ "-¦*' " [
Bark Coloma, Beck, 28 days from San Diego.
Fr bark Duchesse Anne, Bochet, 140 days
Fr bark .Diichesee Anne, Bochat, 140 days
F F? bark "" MarKuerite Dollfus, Sautrel, 133
days from Fleet wood.
Br bark Socotra, Hardie, 142 days from Ant-
W ¥clir Archie and Fontle, Skipper, 3% days
from Fisks Mill. .
Ger Bchr- Hercules, Warners. 61 days from
Jalult
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
for San Francisco.
POINT TIE YES— Passed Jan 4, at 10:20 a m
— Stmr Aztec, from Port Los Angeles, for Ta
coma. ¦'¦•¦"¦• -
SIXJSLAW - RIVER — Arrived Jan 1— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Dec 11. Jan 2— Schr
Sacramento, hence Dec 19.
TACOMA — Arrived Jan 3— Schr Bangor,
from Unga.
Arrived Jan 4— Bark Levl G Burgess, . hence
Deo ¦ 28. - .> ••¦ ' ' - ¦ * ¦ • ¦
PORT TOWN SEND — Arrived Jan 4^ — Bark
Levi G Burgess, hence Deo schr A • F
Coates. from San Pedro; schr Mary E Foster,
from Honolulu. • - - .' > .
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skagway; U S stmr Manning, from
cruise. - * • ' ¦ - . : ¦ ¦ : - ' ¦ ¦.''-¦. •'.>.-.
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr City of Puebla.for San
Francisco; stmr Rainier, for Everett. t .
FORT BRAGO — Sailed Jan 4— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco. •"-' ; . .-_
" Arrived Jan 4 — Stmr Noyo, hence Jan 3.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Jan 4 — Schr Wm
Renton, for San Franci«co. •
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Jan 4 — Bktn
City of Papeete, : hence Dec 21. ¦ -
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Jan 4— Schr. A F
Coats, from San Pedro. V
• NEAH BAY— Arrived Jan- 4 — Stmr Wash
tenaw, hence Jan 1,. for- Tacoma. '-C--.;^
EUREKA — Sailed Jan 4-^Stmr Pomona, for
Ban Francisco. ' U. ,
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr G W Elder,
for San Francisco. Jan 4 — Stmr j Fulton, , for
San Francisco. , • • ¦ '.- -•
• PORT LOS -ANGELES — Arrived Jan 4 — Stmr
State of California, from San Diego, for. San
Francisco. ' ¦
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr San Matep. for Nanalmo;
stmr Alcazar, for Fort Bragg. • ; - . ' .• .
PORTLAND — Sailed Jan 4— Ship Ilala. for
Queenstown; Btmr Strathgyle, for - Hongkong ;
schr N J Patterson, for San Frenciaco. ¦¦„*;- , :
.? EASTERN ' PORT.
"NEW. TORK— Cleared. Jan 4-^-Stmr Oregon
ian, for San Francisco. - h^" -", - ;'
FOREIGN PORTS. . .. ; ;
• MOJ1 — Sailed Jan ,. 1— -Dutch . stmr Folmina,
for Vancouver. -¦'¦'¦, • . ,
¦••• SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Jan 3 — Ship Ser
vla, from -Vancouver; , bark Haydn Brown,
hence Oct 13. ¦/¦ ;.-, ¦_"¦ . - _ \ . .:
• YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 1— JaD utmr
Idzuml Maru, from' Seattle, and sailed Jan 2
- '^MANILA— Sailed Deo 9— Nor stmr Thyra.
for San Diezo. . - • -./;,» ,v
,-;• •-OCEAN:: STEAMERS. . . ¦ ;
NEW : YORK— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for.. Algiers, Genoa, etc: stmr '¦ La
ChampEEhe, for Havre; stmr Princess Vic
toria I.ulse, for)VVesZ Indles.'.crulse: stmr. Kron
Prinz AVilhelm, for Bremen, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg;: stmr Umbria, for Liverpool; sirnr
Patricia, fo? Hamburg, via Plymouth . and
Arrived'jan 4— Stmr Cymric from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan' 4— Stmra Georgic
and Ktruria. for New- York." :- 'J '¦ I*!"'"* *,' ~
ANTWERP — Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Southwark.
for New York. . : - •'¦ : '¦ ¦" ¦>
BREMEN— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr .Koln. for
New York.,- • ¦ '.-•'¦* -. • ¦ -^' ¦ '¦'•¦•¦•
• HA VRE— Sailed Jan ; 4— Stmr La Gascogne,
• CHERBOURG- rS^lled " Jan 4— Stmr'St Louis,
from Southampton. . for.: New York. •
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the' numbw
given is subtracted from tha depth given by tha
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low, waters. *
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
To Japan — 20 crs bicycles and sundries, 6057
lbs butter, 415 lbs bread, 1457 bales cotton, 4
cs champagne, 16 pkgs electrical supplies, 1462
bbls flour, 224 pkgs groceries and provisions, 40
pkgs hardware, 2 cs hose, 3 cs liquors. 1054
pigs lead, 40 rolls -1 cs leather, 400 lbs mill-,
stuffs, 15 pkgs machinery, 224,630 lbs nitrate
of soda, 12 pkgs paint, 19 cs rubber goods, 7773
lbs tallow, 1474 gals wine, 14 cs 50 gals
whisky. . .
To Manila — 1500 bbls flour. 1250 gals wine,
765 cs assorted canned goods, 151 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 50 cs honey, 8 pkgs
paint, '61 pkgs hardware, 2 cs nails, 23 pkgs
electrical supplies, £200 lbs millstuffs, 2000 lbs
beans, 2000 crs potatoes. 2100 lbs lard, 7910 lbs
ham. 6000 lbs coffee, 425 cs and 25 half-bbls
salmon, 9 cs shoes, 2 crs bicycles, 400 lbs
starch, 40 cs candles.
To East Indies — 291 cs canned salmon, 600
gals wine, 260 lbs dried fruit, 178 cs assorted
canned goods.
To Corea — 5 pkgs machinery, 621 lbs borax.
3 pkgs hardware.
To China— 13,350 bbls flour, 3 crs bicycles,
437 cs assorted canned goods, 2471 lbs cheese,
900 lbs codfish, 1612 bales cotton domestics. (550
lbs dried fruit, 636 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 7190 lbs ginseng, 915 lbs ham and ba
con. 720 lbs lard, 1151 pigs lead, 20 cs 8 bbls
malted milk. 3 pkgs machinery, 280 lbs 1 cs
millstuffp, 14 crs onions, 1000 lbs dried peas,
200 bxs pearl barley, 100 lbs raisins, 122 ;cs
canned salmon, 23 cs spirits, 1401 lbs seed,
42 gals whisky, 750 sals wine.
The Japanese liner America Maru sailed yes
terday for China and Japan with a* general
cargo valued at $2S6.418. manifested; and
destined as follows: For China, $167,029;
Japan, $92,793; Manila, $24,120; East . Indies.
$1764; Corea, $703. The principal exports were
as follows:
Exports to the Orient.
J Tha schooner Halcyon -was cleared yester
day for La Paz and Altata with the following
carffo, valued at $5365: .
296.612 ft lumber, 400 bdls shingles, 1000
railroad ties. 100 cs oil. - -
A Cargo for Mexico.
Th« French bark Conetable de RIchemont Is
chartered ror wheat v to Europe at 35s 6d. The
brig Geneva will load redwood at Eureka for
Sydney, 50s, chartered prior, to arrival. . ;
Shippings Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
T-VTO mall boats saileji yesterday,
one with Honolulu as her final,
destination, the other to stop
there. While ostensibly neither
Is trying to make Honolulu first,
still the first vessel there will have , a rec
ord. Tee captain of the America. Maru,
which sailed at 1 p. m., had orders to
make regular time* while .the. captain of
the Alameaa, which sailed at 2- p. m«,
was ordered not to out-do . his sched
ule speed, and burn , no _ more coal than
necesBary. It was a question of •; owner
versus master and engineer all aloug the
line. On the America Maru 'the captain
was told that 4f he raced he would los«
bis position. Th© "Alameda 1 ar captain and
chief engineer were told that every pound
of coal they burned over the regulation
allowance would be charged up against
them and that the company was absor
lutely against racing. ¦ " .- ..
In spite of all these orders the America"
ilaru went out througn the Heads like
a white streak, while the Alameda fol
lowed her at full speed an hour later on
"a hind chase." Chief Engineer Horgan
of the Alameda and Chief Engineer
Thomson of the America Maru have ex
plicit orders to run on schedule time, but
the betting is 2 to 1 that every man in
the fireroom of the Alameda and Amer
ica Maru is working like a beaver to
make time on the run to Honolulu.
The America Maru has little to gain !n
the run. as she can carry neither pas
sengers nor freight from San Francisco
to the Hawaiian Islands. She is the
crack flier of the Toyo Risen Kaisha
line and can reel off her thirteen knots
day in and day out without any trouble.
On account of the "stopover" privileges
she has to stop at Honolulu, and that is
¦why she calls at that port. The Alameda,
however, is the mail steamship and that
is her only port of call. The latter has
been refitted and remodeled and is now a
fast ship, but Captain Herrlman Bays he
can't race, while Captain Going says it
means instant dismissal to make more
than the regular time Nevertheless
there's a race on.
America Main's Passengers.
The Maru carried the following cabin
passengers:
For Yokohama — W. O. Fitch J. W. Grace,
A. Groener, K. Iwahara, Mrs. K. Iwahara, T.
Isaka, D. McBirney. G. D. Morgan. H. T.
O'Brien. John Stableford, W. E. Sullivan. H.
W. Stover and W. R. Tagne.
Shanghai — F. J. Dennis. Rev. W. H. Lacy,
Mrs. V. G. Lyman and three children. Dr.
Rosa W Palmborg. Mrs. M. K, Wilson, Miss
M. Wilson, Miss A. Wilson.
Hongkong — J. N. Anderson, Mrs. J. N. An
derson and child, E. G. Asay. Mrs. E. G. Asay,
Mrs. P. G. Anderson. Miss Ella Beach. Mrs.
K. F. Coe, Lee Dun, Mrs. R, S. Dodson, Miss
F. Dodson Master J. H. Dodson, Chun Yen
Gee H. B". Hunt. Mrs. H. B. Hunt. Miss R.
Hansen. Mrs H. H. Johnstone. A. J. Kennedy.
Miss K. Kennedy. F. S. Mason, Henri Schlff
mann. Miss Ida Thompson. B. F. West, Her
bert "West, Harold West.
To Join at Honolulu — \V. F. Browning, F.
W. Fox and Mrs. F. W. Fox. . •
The Alameda's Passengers.
Those -who went away in the cabin of
the Alarneda \iere:
S. T. Alexander, "VT. M. Alexander, Mile.
Ancion. J. G. Anderson. Mrs. Anderson. R.
.A.rras. Mrs. Arras and child. John Baker Jr.,
Rev. H. E. Banham. B. R. Bath. C. P. Bangh
man. O. Bellesen. J. H. Berry, P. Bluett. A.
P. Bozio, Francis Brown, J. Bunth and infant,
"William Burd, A. C. Campbell, A. J. Camp
bell. C S. Clemens. John Deltorelli. Mrs. Del
torelli. Mile. E. de Mowza. E. A. Douthltt.
Mrs. Douthitt, Miss Duff, Robert A. Duncan,
J. Ferrari Mrs. Ferrari. B. Flatt, Mrs. Flatt.
George D. Gear. Colonel J. B. Girard, ' Mrs.
C. D. Green. G. W. Green, Mrs. C. W. Hath
away Miss L. M. Hathaway, Ferdinand Hei
tfueka. Miss F. Hill, G. VST. Hind, C. S. Hol
loway" Mrs. Holloway and maid,* J. A. Ken
nedy. E.- J. Lea. Georgre Lee, W. F. Lehlgh.'
Colonel <!.- -VT. Macfarlane, Mrs. Macfariane,
child, g-overnees and nurse; C. J. McCarthy, A.
Michael. C. Kilssom, Mrs. Nllssom and two
children. N. JJudelman, E. Olmsted. Mrs. Olm
eted, Profe6sor Powell. Mrs. Powell. A.
Powell, A. Raas, G. A. Eemington, G. J. Rem
lnrton.- J. G. Rial. Mrs. Rial. Mrs. C. F. Rey
nolds, Miss B. M. Reynolds, Miss E. M; Rey
nolds, Miss G. E. Reynolds, A. Rudd, A.
Balermo and valet, Mrs. Salermo and'lnrant,
H. P. Sauers, Mrs. Eauers. Mrs. -G. Schneider,
P. Schneider. J. Shaw. R. Stevenson, Mrs. G.
6tevenscn. E. E. Paxton. F. St. Onge. Mrs. St.
Onge and J. St. Onge. "V «;
Arrives From South America.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Compa
ny's Santiago arrived from South and
Central American ports yesterday. She is
snaking her first visit to San Francisco
end brings the following' named cabin
passengers:
Herbert A. Epeakman, Professor G. E.
twain and F. H. Humphries, Panama; Peter
Keane and Mrs. Keane and infant, Champer-
Ico; Edward Perez and George A. Lewis,
Acajutla; Jean Jacques, Mazatlan, and Mrs.
tomlinson, Valparaiso. .
Mrs. Tomlinson is from New York and
has made the round-trip on the ship and
Is so enthusiastic over, the joys of life in
Central and South American that she has
Ceclded to take up her abode in the latter.
Chehalis Has Trial Trip.
The new steam schooner Chehalls had
-fier trial trip on the bay yesterday. She
left Main-street wharf with a big- crowd
6-board at 10 a. m., and during a run down
the bay made nearly eleven knots. After
a long: spin she docked at Mission 2, and
those who did not desire a run to Bonita
•were put ashore. After that the steam
ship was run out under a"clear*' bell until
the Farallones were in sight, when she
put about and came back to the city.
The Chenalis is a good ten-knot vessel
and is a welcome addition to the coast
fleet.. . ..-vr.— • . . -
Water Front Notes.
Th« Naval Reserve tralnlngr ship Marion
vrtll have to make another move. The
place where she is now lying: has to be
itredffed, and in consequence eho must
tnovs across the clip. In a week, however,
£he will be back in her old place and
The new challenger yacht for the "per
petual challenge cup." presented by James
Macdonaugh, 1 will Be launched neit week.
She has been built "by John- Twieg & Sona
for. a syndicate composed of members of
the^San Francisco Yacht Qub, and is in
tended to win the cup. now held by a rival
club.. The launching will be observed
with^ great ceremony and every yachts
man In the State-will.be present. The new
boat is built on plans furnished by. Crown
insnieids; and" is expected to be a world
Anyhow,- the San Francisco Yacht
Club boys expect*. to- lift the cup with her.
everytliins will - be , as it * was on New
Tear's day. : . ;
A new: gasoline schooner for the Bis
marck Island trade is now nearing com
pletion at Turner's yards, Benicia. • The
captain and engineer for the new vessel
are already here and -expect to take com
mand la a few days. As soon as the new
6chponer is turned over she will be put In
commission and taken- to ¦ the southern
-seas -to -run-aniong:- the German posses
sions.. ¦.— '¦¦ - ",- ¦¦/' -•¦*
Rivalry Between Skippers of Alameda and
America Maru Too Strong to Allow of Re
straint and Vessels Start Under Full Stearri
TWO BIG PACIFIC LINERS
ARE RACING TO ISLANDS
: The Park Band 'will render, the follow
ing selections in the "park to-day:/' "
Overture^ " "Zarripa" .......'. '. Herold
"Serenata Cubana"-. : :: ......... ; , ; ; . '.Chambers
Selcc lion. * 'The - Singing Girl'.' v . .-.V. : . •. Herbert
•-••Cnntlque -Je Noel" :: ........Ad^ir.
'"Kgi'ptian Ballet" .-V. .". . . .'..'.'. . : . . . . ."Mrfjulgirif
"Weddlrij? - March" . . .-.-. .'....;..... Mendelssohn
Flute:: solo, '^Souvenir . d«. Naples" . .". Brlcclaldi
- •¦• ' ; ".'.'A.'' Lombardo." •"¦¦'¦- v : '.%
Select ion.' ¦ "Aida".: -V.\ .;-. . :*.'. . . ;.;.:'.', ;. .Verdi
¦Waltxi VKo»o Mousse"'.,.. ...Hose
41isri.ii. "Creole Belles". ..;..'.... Lampe
Music in the Park.
J.-V. Rives, captain; : A. W. Wehner, O.
\V. -• Bennett. J. O. Albright, A.: R. More
house,;J. O'Brien, J. -T. Kane, G. S
Crooks; .G. • R. Thomas,' H. Anselan, • J.
McCannell. E/M. DelandTR.E. Guptil, M
F., Hawkins and O.Hurkett.
Woodmen Dxiir and Dance.
Tliere%was an -exhibition drill, arid ball
last'-Jiigbt in Union '^Square'. Hall?, under
the/ausiiices of Redwood"- €amp of -the
Woodnien of the World. Tlie drill, which
waavbyitheUeam'^of Golden-Gate. Camp,
under command I of : Captain' L. E. ; Healey,
and' tthe,"\teani : ;ofr Mjsslon v <>ajrip./. Captain
SteWart,-was> witnessed ¦ by r"a | large rhum
ber of ngighbors. of , Woodcraft and.ifriends
of Redwood; Camp, who gave prpoj!^ of
'the
two teams by loud' applause. " During .the
evening- H. C. Smith, the, banker, of .the
camp^ delivered "a short address. In which
he^announced that Redwood Camp is or
ganizing ;'a degree nnd" drill. teanr and "ex
pects 4o make it one of th^ best in the
city."- Then follov/ed a well arranged pro
gramme-of dances, under the direction of
J. T. ¦ Kane, floor manager.'and F. C. Rus
sell, J. V. Rives. I. L. Isaacs and H. Wes
sels, ; ; his . assistants. .The 'officers of the
camp composed the ' reception , committee
an<l the following. members pf the degree
team "were - the . committee - of arranse
nicr.tszpHHgraHBgSBwMHBnBPfabpdarijgv- -
A feature of the situation Is the mili
tant attitude of the women. At meetings
of workingmen during the night It was
decided to strike for a reduction to nino
•hours- workr per day'and~to 'support the
toeir strikers; Women are, nqw prominent
In all the street demonstrations^-.^ ;
¦ -There, has been a large influx of people
inta Earcelona from the surrounding vil
lages, :and the socialists and anarchist*
are active in organizing attacks on the
factories, which have b«en compelled to
close. . A well known woman anarchist,
Theresa Claremont, is among the persons
arrested. ¦
' A' general strike in all. trades has been
decreed in support of; the striking metal
workers. Strikers are constantly, parad
ing the streets and pelting. the workshops
and factories with stones, necessitating
the calling out of cavalry to restore or
der. The tramways have suspended op
erations.. The police of Barcelona are
guarding ' the ! suburban tramway cars,
which have to run the gauntlet of volleys
of rocks. . .
MADRID, Jan. 4.— Martial law- was pro
claimed to-night in Barcelona and Its vi
cinity. Already there have been serious
disturbances between the strikers and the
civil > guards "and. a number of persons
have been wounded and many arrests
made. " . : ; • ¦¦'\-\y-
Disturbances in Barce
lona Require Bule
by Soldiery. . %
WOMEN LEND
AID TO MOBS
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational,-Church will , address the
young men of the Y. M. C. A. this after
noon. His subject is "The Young Man
Passing Through, the Valley .EschQL'V ..,
Rev. iTV Bfpwji . of ithe'. A.« M. \"E£,Zton
Church i(cqlored) will preach thfs morn-'
ingoVi "The- New Year and^-Jts Grave Re-.
sponefblJitiesV and- in the ravening a spe4.
cial lermon.;^^? .. . ¦<--. , -'L-u* .v;, v : • ¦ vl
v Rev., W. Q.;Day of the Olivet CohgfegA
lionarChurch will preach this morning on
"Beginnings of Christian Life," and 'In
the evening on "A Crowded Year—A*,Re
view." - ;
Rev.. E. J. Harper, of. the -Centenary M."
E, Church will preach this morning on
"New Year' Vows," and in. the '. evening
oh "Wlist Does. It Profit a:Mari?''', \: : V:-
-Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian .Church will preach this morning
on "A- New Year's Sermon." • .j ..--...
Rev. E.H. Avery/of the .Westminster
Presbyterian Church, will -.preach- -this
morning on "The Meaning and the Wprtn
of Believing," and in the ' evening on
"Forward March." \' - • ¦:
ixkv'. John Hemphill of the : Calvary
Presbyterian-. Church will*! preach • this
morning on ''New' Consecration .for ; the
New Year,"- and .'.in .'the j evening,' Mr.
Eldredge will preach ; on "What Do We
Leave and What Do .We Take?"
;"God" will *be the subject of the lesson
at the. First Church of Christ this morn
ing.- ;»*!' ¦; .': .••¦. . . - '• ¦•¦ " ¦'' '¦¦
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church-will- preach thi3' morning on "The
Old and- the New," and in the evening
on "Seeking and Finding." . . .
• Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing oii : "The' Weapons' of Warfare," and
in the. evening 6n."The Tempest, or the
Supremacy of the Righteous .Siiul Over
Its Surroundings."'" . .' ' ¦"•' ' •"'
morning on "The Dynamo of the Uni
verse-," and- in . the . evening- on -"The ! Se
cret of; Our Prospective Success."- - -..-'¦
' Kev. .Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on' "How Can We Prepare the
Way of the Lord in , 1902?" and in the
evening \ on "How Can i We • Keep Pace
With -the Divine Movement of the Age?"
... Rev. George C. Adams of the-Flrst Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Yet I Am Not Alone,", and in the
evening on "A Door Opened."; •»
¦ . ¦: : ¦¦•¦ '.¦¦¦:, ¦ •¦•*.' . . ¦¦:¦ • -¦ . ¦•
THE SAN FRANCISCO ID^LL; SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1902v
25
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Al-Kl .... Bkagway & Way Ports.lJan." 5
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak |Jan. 7
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 10
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan^ 1 j
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
B. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
January 5. I
North Fork Humbold t 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
January <J.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Umatllla. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier" sJ
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... 8 am Pier 11
January 7.
M. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona... Huinboldt l:30p Pier u
Curacao... Mexican Ports ...... 10 ani Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Ta coma.. 12 m Pier 8
January 8.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
San Jose. . . Panama & Way Pta. 12 ! m PMSS
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24
Hyades . . -. t Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 10
Santiago... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
January 9. | /
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Ean Pedro. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Homer Los Angeles Ports Pier 2
Nome City. San Diego 2 pm Pier 2
Strathgyle. China & Japan...... 12 m Pier 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
January 1O. .
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts. 9 am Pier 11
Zealandia. Tahiti direct ...... pi er 7
¦ January 11.
Point Arena Point Arena ........ 2 pm Pier %
City Peking China & Japan.....) 1 pm PMSS
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
• -. January 13. •
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
January 13. . |
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
I Duo.
City Peking.. I China & Japan Jan. 6
Pomona JHumboldt ...Jan. 5
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. Ports Jan. 5
Argo.... '...'.. Coquille River ......... Jan. 0
Ventura..... Sydney & Way Ports... Jan. ti
Xewburg San Pedro ............. Jan. 6
Strathgyle... Portland ......... *...... Jan. 0
Santa Barb.. San Pedro ;.... Jan. fi
Crescent City J Crescent City Jan. 7
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. .7
Asuncion Tacoma ................ Jan. 7
Eureka Humboldt . .<*. Jan. 7
Newport Panama, & Way Port*.. Jan. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. 7
Sequoia Grays Harbor Jan. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Mineola Xanairno Jan. 7
Rival ... Willapa Harbor ........ Jan. 7
Denderah.... Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Oxford Jan. .8
Progreso Seattle Jan.' 8
Titanla Xanaimo Jan. 8
Pt. Arena. ... Point Arena Jan. 0
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .....Jan. 9
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 9
Washtenaw.. Tacoma ...:..../ Jan.' 0
Pleiades Seattle ..*... Jan. lo
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Jan. 10
Gaelic 'China & Japan....'..... Jan: 10
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 11
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 12
Mandalay . . . . Coquille Klver '.:...: .*. Jan. 12 "
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 13
Argyll New York via Panama. Jan. 14
R. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma...... Jan. 14
Sun rises . ...
Bun »eta ....
Moon rise* 7..
"sVes'i
.7:26
..6:06
t~ m.
...........
D Tim*
P Pt.
• L. W -
6 1:40 2.8
6 2:25 2.0
7 3:09 8.0
8 3:4b 3.1
H W
9 0:14 4.5
10 0:50 4.7
11 1:24 4.7
12 1:56 4.7
ITlmel
H W
8:16
8:64
9:20
9:0S
L -VV
4:80
5:10
5:52
6:40
Ft.
5.4
B.6
. 6.6
6.4
Time
L W
8:10 0.4
3:47 0.0
4:21 —0.2
4:50 — 0.3
H W
10:28 5.4
11:03 8.3
11:45 5.2
12:28 4.9
[Time I
H W
10:10
10:50
11:34
I Ft.
< 4.0
4.2
4.4
3.2
3.1
3.0
-2.8
h W
5:30
6:05
6:40
7:14
—0.3
-0.2
0.0
0.8
Sun rises . ...
Bun »eta ....
Moon rise* 7..
"sVes'i
.7:26
..6:06
t~ m.
...........
D Tim*
P Pt.
• L. W -
6 1:40 2.8
6 2:25 2.0
7 3:09 8.0
8 3:4b 3.1
H W
9 0:14 4.5
10 0:50 4.7
11 1:24 4.7
12 1:56 4.7
ITlmel
H W
8:16
8:64
9:20
9:0S
L -VV
4:80
5:10
5:52
6:40
Ft.
5.4
B.6
. 6.6
6.4
Time
L W
8:10 0.4
3:47 0.0
4:21 —0.2
4:50 — 0.3
H W
10:28 5.4
11:03 8.3
11:45 5.2
12:28 4.9
[Time I
H W
10:10
10:50
11:34
I Ft.
< 4.0
4.2
4.4
3.2
3.1
3.0
-2.8
h W
5:30
6:05
6:40
7:14
—0.3
-0.2
0.0
0.8
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Al-Kl .... Bkagway & Way Ports.lJan." 5
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak |Jan. 7
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 10
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan^ 1 j
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
B. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
January 5. I
North Fork Humbold t 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
January <J.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Umatllla. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier" sJ
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... 8 am Pier 11
January 7.
M. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona... Huinboldt l:30p Pier u
Curacao... Mexican Ports ...... 10 ani Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Ta coma.. 12 m Pier 8
January 8.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way... 9 am Pier 11
San Jose. . . Panama & Way Pta. 12 ! m PMSS
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24
Hyades . . -. t Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 10
Santiago... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
January 9. | /
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Ean Pedro. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Homer Los Angeles Ports Pier 2
Nome City. San Diego 2 pm Pier 2
Strathgyle. China & Japan...... 12 m Pier 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
January 1O. .
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts. 9 am Pier 11
Zealandia. Tahiti direct ...... pi er 7
¦ January 11.
Point Arena Point Arena ........ 2 pm Pier %
City Peking China & Japan.....) 1 pm PMSS
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
• -. January 13. •
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
January 13. . |
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
I Duo.
City Peking.. I China & Japan Jan. 6
Pomona JHumboldt ...Jan. 5
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. Ports Jan. 5
Argo.... '...'.. Coquille River ......... Jan. 0
Ventura..... Sydney & Way Ports... Jan. ti
Xewburg San Pedro ............. Jan. 6
Strathgyle... Portland ......... *...... Jan. 0
Santa Barb.. San Pedro ;.... Jan. fi
Crescent City J Crescent City Jan. 7
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. .7
Asuncion Tacoma ................ Jan. 7
Eureka Humboldt . .<*. Jan. 7
Newport Panama, & Way Port*.. Jan. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. 7
Sequoia Grays Harbor Jan. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Mineola Xanairno Jan. 7
Rival ... Willapa Harbor ........ Jan. 7
Denderah.... Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Oxford Jan. .8
Progreso Seattle Jan.' 8
Titanla Xanaimo Jan. 8
Pt. Arena. ... Point Arena Jan. 0
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .....Jan. 9
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 9
Washtenaw.. Tacoma ...:..../ Jan.' 0
Pleiades Seattle ..*... Jan. lo
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Jan. 10
Gaelic 'China & Japan....'..... Jan: 10
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 11
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 12
Mandalay . . . . Coquille Klver '.:...: .*. Jan. 12 "
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 13
Argyll New York via Panama. Jan. 14
R. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma...... Jan. 14
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
Bombarding: a stomach with hot bis-
cuits and warm pie, plenty of butter,
fcacca, greasy potatoes, and' a few other
choice delicacies will • finally : cause . the
fortifications to give way. Then" how to
build back on good food is worth knowing:.
| a. m&n In • FactoryrlUe, Pa., attacked
tils stomach In about this way and' says:
''The sign of. surrender was.plainin'my
vrhlte, colorless- face. At that time every
article of food distressed me, and 'heart-
burn kept me in continued misery.. I
liked all sorts of breakfast foods, but they
flld not agree with me. Of course, much
of tho food that I ate contained nourish-
ment, bat my Btomach could not get the
BOTiriEfcmeat out. I tried pepsin and other
Hds to digestion which worked for a time
and then gave out.
"Finally I reasoned, when In an extrem-
ity, that If the Btomach could not digest
the food why not take some food that was
(dready digested like Grape-Nats. 'So I
etarted In on Grape-Nuts and the new
food won my palate straight away and
agreed with mo beautifully. '. v
"The heavy, oppressive feeling: r disap-
peared and I became thoroughly Im-
pressed with the new food and began to
improve at once. Little by* little' my
strength cam« back and slowly and sure-
ly I gained my lost weight. The wasted
tissues and muscles built up, and to-day
I am well, buoyant and strong.
"I unreservedly give the chief credit, to
Srape-Kuts which met' me In a crisis and
trough t me . over tha dark • period of de-
epondency. Nothing else did It, for noth-
ing else could be endured.
"Please withhold my name."
Name can be given upon application to
ft* Portum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
SURRENDERED
To Hot Blscnits and Warm Fie.
OBAPE-NUTS.
I The Bpason Why Joe M)seiiberg Sells Cheaper than \
B A **vy f\+l% £±w Qtiw** Because we buy in combination w^ %
B! Ally vllllCr 3lV*PV*^!tic^d.''- ; - ;^^ any two stores in Frisco, so it can m
B * ; be easily yndcrstbolt^^ to jet; greater M-:
m K price concessions than buying independently. When they get a ra^ »
tm o— — : — — -—— — — "Q : p— — ~ — — — — ¦ — - — : — ¦¦ - o i^arivfac* P ~' ¦ ' — ~~" — ~~ ~° °~~ — ? w
B aomclhing New. 4Qc Ribbon Now 29c. hirer'- Something Entirely New A Somelhin^ f or the H
M "^cSk vl™ I fSld?eswr^ Taffeta Eitbon -^">^- Corsets. " . , jKI little (faeS. . |
i ; • ( <^p|^y2^S^ 1 'lt'aS-: i i^r^^v^: ?? mpl - y^^V It's " the Ferris waist. ¦ M
*m \\ X^X\ sorbs the perspiration 5000 yards NEW SATIN TAFFETA LlflC OI - ; Tt l« : tof rnTiqKT for l<MMs\ made of best quality Jean. ft
-?? A^^sjr/' and in a great measure .. RIBBON, five inches wide, in all the .**¦ W V - jJSQ .; _",. ™J anTit D^iitive^ '» (&/¥«': with double row of buttons . 0
# ¦ l?» / --pent3<!alnt!;wal S s newest and daintiest shades of green, Shell . " V§ . fy °rJdu^ the abdomen rl- \F_%< > sewn in with linen tape, ¦
M BUT from bein B 'soiled.. ; IL blue, .pink, red, maize and cream. -^ ;. ' *J V-' ¦¦• fevM thie who are ohS- " which < makes It- Impossible • -• • ff
« Wm? absolutely covers and Only... : .^..20c COmbS '^C^' Icato weak rive S a S- - ¦: : ¦ to *i>e torn out. Money- ¦
B ¦. ml Th 0 e t raremade r o r f"Kood Handsome bows tied free, by expert) They ' a r . e ¦• i-^n-- :^» fl^"'- ;^ -ftSSSa :' saving opportunity..... 25c B
m MkWK ¦ mi»mv iSerlcanf ilk bow makers. ' "made of the .W^ V ¦'¦* perfect flttir.gr "dress. All ' ' * -¦' - ' -'^-,iii ¦••••-. ¦-- \ .. .. -«- -, ,. .• . :. -'.* B
1 -,. . . : iWm '. ¦:¦¦?„ "pYnkrbSe? cream cl - , ,. - very best' 'Wl ™* ** accoiriplljhed by .the AppTCClatnifl the LaiTO ' -...- .rM-
I ¦ • and black, neck ancfsle-W crocheted Flanndstte 60WnS. ; . -exfraheavv- ¦ loM ' n^aA^A^SSSi Demand fOP Belt« B
1 gS^^l&SrtSAt 1 ™™ Large 'assortment of flannelette iowns, gJwJd tSt " igi -.in^S^-^^A^i ! "?™™ " 10T * f^' " " v j . *-;
H M* understand InT aDoreciate r-for In 7 er i" P re «y st "Pe effects, made wHh , . w j 1 1 . „,,> t ; «k^ aewn on the front- ' of . the ' T We have a full and complete -line ' •;¦«
m verv littllmonev appreciate iot a double^ yoke back, front yoke of solid break- finely er.rset andhave a downward " "At the most-reMonable crices. - - -=' B ¦ •
n very little money....................ouc , cr eam, - tucked and hemstitched; with poliBhed and- tendency; following, the outline of the - H«c m osircasoaa Die^ice* . f» '
®" ; •»« t*l n j t\ t dainty ruffle. Rolling collar hem- finished form reduces and raises the weight E&$S$3mK' FOR EXAMPLE, fa .
H In Olir Leather GOOClS IlSPI. stitched and trimmed with wash braid, .teeth.'lf you of the abdomen. It is short Ha^,^5 ! '-,^ LADIES'- *B 'EL TS, * v- } B*£
m A . , ,!,,„ 1 in, new sl , e eves hemstitched and braid are in need, under,., the arms and long below '^•mSS^P** ' made of 'good -Quality . " v «i .
ra A stOx-y cl more than passing tsxo trimmed, full length, extra wide; unri- here Is -,x the waist, with extra extension hip me $%?r^, tucked satin, boned B
1» terest to every buyer of Purses. valed in duality and price. Only. SI. OO chance to pieces,* boi:ed -with genuine whale- .'¦•' '' ,". '¦'.'" : . .with featherbone.new . , mat
H ,-. . LADIFS' COMBINATION PURSE ALSO CHILD'S GOWNS, made of buy them fcr bone, capped top ant', bottom with graduated buckle that gives the long B
H and CARD CASE, made of best Mo- good striped flannelette, double yoke half. triple strip which •¦prevents the "-steels *ront effect; B f^ e o^.^^iS 1 "-^I B ¦¦ i ¦¦
rocco pressed leather, riveted frame, back and front, new full sleeves braid 75c kind now or.-bones from cominc through the dized metal f set with stone center, ihe If,
Ilk suede lined machine sewn, block bot- trimmed, full length and width; well . ;.......'{5c cloth, which is very best .quality- cou-' small store 3 price -oC fflf
*zk torn In black or brown. Two purses made, neatly finished. We are the JlOOkindnow til... No . $10 made-to-order corset can OR, LADIES' BELTS, made of best B ;
WA here for the price of one elsewhere. manufacturer, hence this remarkably *5Oc equal this one in durability, appear- quality patent leather, patent on both B"
Note this price.. .:......:........5Oc low price,..' ...48c J150kindnow ance and finish. Only SS.OO sides- good. strong buckle. .Only.. lOtc B rr*>
Vk q . ; O O ... ¦ — : ; O .75c O— — ; ¦ Q Q : : — — — — O B ¦, '
% \wcrc $1.25—? °Special— Oncol Our^ ° a The Stout Women's C Sp2ci3l— $1.50 Gloves Iqr 89^° t Little Items With / M '
m\Now75c. Special Oiferings ,. ;. /^Friend. , rrz^ ' : g8^L&'<Z&i£x.^ /M
\ Ladles' Under- In our Muslin Underwear Dcpt. ru\ -r,£2§£££ H0SE su . p - ] - £^fmr s Picked lambskin, stitched' • stockinet Shields, / M l -- : -'' : -. '
i\ V&L \ skirts, made of .• •'OO nairs of LADIES' it - ? ,' .- m J adQ , it . Y lth ¦ Mh back * patent two-clasp - best quality..... 7c / MS • Y\ ¦ ¦
•d^ m \ Italian twill -j'-fek DRAWERS made of Mm sateen, pad, lined with best , /ft^lll fasteners, perfect fitting, Ww., w^/ B& iJt
/T^S. \ cloth, deep I^y-^f th7 hPst soft td ffJ " twilled silesia, with best qual- :!f///.HUI • all colors, including black; ¦ ?,,,,»?" ,Li { /• Mf ¦ , €»
/fe>f\%\3!- J2^-.£* :*TX?,*tK Q °" - y °' se '"" s - ; --oOy Bought From a Genls' ' g®*^ 7 # (( W)
\V zJ m \SJ* In Our Hosiery Department. o— —^— — — — o Furnishing Goods House gsSS, / M Vjf V ..$@|
S» V 5C GENTS- SOX, made ot good Maco • Winter Underwear. Their enlire line of Liien Collars, «f» / MT -k^
Sb,^. 'ffik \ cotton, double heels and toes, In black Th| , _ PHENO11ENAL • ' Ladles slzcs - ¦ . French/ MS ll/fx
iff^V \ or tan. Extra special at tms price, xuc SALE on account of the FINE QUAL- *£l- They made a mistake In make,/ iSJr 1 1^ V .\
9\\ lik \ v . 1« c* Mr- C t,l 1TIES and LOW PRICES. We can as- F% buying small ¦ -sizes and Oc / Jf y* \JO m 1
- ll \- Another StriKing bpeCial. sure you that nothing greater in the - jriL were willing to sell" them • / MM #1* f J
V T^TT^e J a ¦ #v , way. of GENUINE BARGAINS has ft^^^i at any price. : Their, loss— . ¦/./,. ML* V^» h M
GENTS' MUFFLERS made of best ever been offered you here or else- r~T^ your gain. They are made / £& J f
3T twilled silk, life yards long, 27 inches -where. * 'f ' of best four-ply linen. / JBW B >^-^\^
W wide, best-fast black. .Well made and rnMRTWATTfiv double' collar, in v sizes 13 / JEW %\
If selling without profit to us at this sum made oKnuaHtv *^— and 13%. Regular 15c col- tf B
1 fa 4*k .m prlc^......'.. -: 89c lYrJvikn^rnf Wgh^rfJS lars now selling .for.... ¦.¦....: 61ie U jEgT . |
m | B « ST* ~~~~> " ~ — * s ' ./¦¦¦••'¦"¦ Y^tX lon S sleeves, ankle length, O— r~ JEW 0* fl A^\' A^±
m S| I f&nJ : " O i '¦- ; ' r o \jj neck crocheted and drawn <v _ "- ' ¦ ¦¦''• — — — — O J§5&r B fl H \ a H
l/ljl m. J M JiS^nd'w^hTw.ce^h'i THave You Ever Tried a / JBr 1 fl IF"*
~: -**¦ • lor You , ( J >«- ¦!$£gffii&™g£ | CycilstlCowett XA^ X^,V/\^
>^. \ Hand-made Battsnberg \ // TION, SUITS, made of ..good , i For ease, grace and / J§Or - .
¦Twi "ft \. made of best all- W long sleeves, ankle length, •' ; nll! ,| Athiptlc wn- / ~^33&mm^ »
I m B X linen braid, \ / Oneita style, seamless and men will wear X JBffiT i^k ¦-• 1
fi^VAJ VilW^i Vi Scarfs, ALSO. LADIES' UNION SUITS, larize it, X B%im %>J 4^J \** 1 f hJ \j M W\
*""" • \ $'J.w y made of good quality all wool, ribbed, . Sl.OO X -ifflr : «.^p "^"^ »^ ""^ " —^ 1
f J B N^ buttoned down the. front, neck and tty- 'X \ ¦ "' f A
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOS KOSENBEB^KS.
IOOO REFERENCES.
45- CHRONICLE : BUILDING,
.'VSa-'n Francisco," ~Cai. f
California Commercial
Guaranty Co.,
For 'Information Bend Postal to
BAD BILLS
COLLECTED FREE
f EN|FREEIO MEN!
A iost Remarkable Remedy \That
. v.Quiekly Restores Lost Tlgor
?ztxZfi : Z '¦¦': v f^[
A Free Trial ¦ Package Sent toy' Mall
:r v-- tq^All Who Write.-- l>t :
: ' Free " trial ' packagea of a most 'reinark-
able remedy, are being mailed to all who
will write to the- State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost 'manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It la a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation* of parts can now curs
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and- development Just where It la needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute.* 32S Elektron building, ; Fort
.Wayne.* Ind., stating that you desire. one
of their ' free trial packages, will , be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who . are .'unable ¦ to • leave home to r be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them. to.- see how, easy it Is to be cured of
sexual .weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. .The Institute makes
no restrictions..- Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample; carefully, sealed in
a; plain package, so that Its recipient need
; have .rio - fear-, of • embarrassment -or ! -pub-
licity. Readers ara ¦ requested to . writs
without delay. r ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
joe.kosen:
iEKG'S.
- : Ja:> '^ADVERTISEMENTS. -V > r :\*'
* < Awful Pile Agon^.
" :'. - Sioux Falls,' S./D., Feb. 13. 1901.
, ..'/For .32. years - I. suffered ,; constantly^
from I protruding piles and ¦ finally; had • to
abandon my. trade. of ¦stone-masori/. Four,
months i ago ; I s began vusing ,• Pyramid '- Pile
Cure, 4 * and ¦ before»i£ : had used, up ' one ,50c
box.; the dlseasa; had -entirely, disappeared
and 'there, is vo sign of its ever, returning."
I ' am i completely, cured. <V F. Capp's,'^ 216, N.
.Minnesota ,'ave.~.; Sold 'by all /druggists,
50c5a "box.- BoQk,i-r"Piies,'.c Causes ".'and
Cure, "^mailed 'free. •.¦Pyrarnld* Drug' Co.; :
Marshall,-; MicH.; " "" " ¦-¦• ¦ v
JOB BOaK^iLhlitG^S.1310 Hayes street. There Dr. Bodkin, who
attends, the members of No. 6 Truck, was
called In. He found that Franks was suf
fering from"internal Injuries, the exact
natureof which cannot be determined for
forty-eight hours. -----..-..- - v . .. .4 ......
• Franks Is a married man and the father
of ifour'chlldrenlTHe "stands "six' feet'hlgh
and weighs 1 220 pounds. He has been about
¦' fourteen years in ¦ the service oft the Fire
'¦Department of;the city, arid has never be- .
jfor,e met with accident or in3ury.' ," / •.>
Bionhart's FlaxBeed Balsam
-Will cure your coush. 50 cents at all druRglsts.';
Vincent McDonald, who was taken from
the Dewey, House, ¦¦* on • Mission:' street,^ to
the Harbor Hospital oh Friday. night, suf
f eriner from opium j poisoning, • died 'at ; the
General 1 Emergency Hospital ¦ at' 11 o'clock
yesterday. ,When he realized • that death
was approaching ..• he., was sorry. ; ; for. his
rash act,' but it . was too late. V V •
McDonald Succumbs to Opium.
1 Trapper's Oil cures rheumatura and neuralrl*.
DrOKClsts. SOe flask.* Richard Sz Co. 40« Clay. ;' # ; :
, The demurrer to the suit for a writ re
straining the Board 'of "Education 7 from
acting on the resignation? from .her posi
tion ¦ as a teacher "in the 'public ,. schools
of this city .filed by Miss \ Annie . Slavan
was argued and submitted' before. Judge
Seawell yesterday. Miss Slavan withdrew
her resignation!. some, time' after 'it -I was
filed, but the board' evinced' a desire to
overlook the withdrawal-.' -and ..give : the
lady her liberty. Miss Slavan applied for
a writ of; prohibition and the -board de
murred to her complaint on the "ground,
that it .'did' not. state sufficient cause 'for
action.- V . ¦ • '- , ' •- : .. ¦ ;; . ';.-.. -
Board's Demurrer Submitted.
Fairbrother descibes , the ¦ man • who ' car
ried away the rings as about 40 years ot
age, five feet- five inches tall, •-. weight
about 160 pounds, dark mustache- and
hair, looked like a> foreigner and wore a
long heavy overcoat. The man who pur
chased the two collar buttons was about
35 years of age, five feet %ix Inches tall,'
slim build,- weight .about .140 pounds and
•was smooth shaven. ... .."¦ ";¦-. ¦ ; '
Fairbrother lopke'd around ; and ¦ found
that the first man had^disappeared, but
he thought he had not Keen satisfied with
any of the rings on the tray and had left
without saying anything. . Two . or • three
hours later it. occurred to. Fairbrother to
look for the tray which he had shown the
Intending purchaser^ and to *hlg ¦ amaze
ment discovered that it was missing.
Then It ' flashed upon him-" that he^ had
been tricked by two clever crooks, and he
at once notified Captain . Seymour,' who
detailed Detective Hamill on the - easel'--
About 10:30 o'clock a man entered the
store and asked to see some. rings. ; Fair
brother - showed him a plush-lined ¦ tray
containing flf ty-six assorted rings valued
at $300. While the man .^was examining
the rings another man entered the store
and asked to see some collar buttons.
This man kept Fairbrother in conversa
tion on various topics. He finally had se
lected two collar buttons, which he paid
for. .'¦-•¦- ;¦ ¦ ..•'-. -;:¦ •-,:;? :; '-¦ ". '
A clever sneak trick was. played upon
Tom Fairbrother, a jeweler at 226 Ellis
street, yesterday morning, and it was sev
eral hours before he. discovered his loss.
He then immediately notified the police.
They .Abstract a Tray
¦ Containing Assorted
Rings/ v VJ
Poker a cinch. Benzon, 220 Mason.
William Murphy and Thomas Jeffery,
non-union molders, who were 'arrested
.Thursday in Gately's Hotel, Potrero, by
Corporal Shanahan for carrying a con
cealed weaoon, produced permits from the
Board of Police Commissioners issued to
them last "July, and the cases were dis
missed. The Judge instructed Shanahan
to lay the matter before the Commis
sioners and have the permits revoked.
The defendants were in Gately's barroom
flourishing their revolvers and raising a
disturbance.
Wants Permits Bevoked.
The cases of James Dooley and John
Rolkey. charged with robbery, were called
in Judge Mogan's court yesterday.- They
were accused of taking 75 cents from John
Harrington, an old man, at Fifth and Fol
6om streets, December 2. The evidence
was weak, and as the defendants agreed
to plead guilty to petty larceny the Judge
convicted them on .that charge and- sen
tenced them to six months each in the
County Jail.
Dooley and Rolkey Sentenced:
Drs. C. C; and A. •;D." Gleaves' have "re
sumed practice of medicine and dentistry
at S\V. corner of Powell and Geary sts. •
SNEAK THIEVES
TRICK JEWELER
-, r|—?^.RILL. at Nq. ? 7 truckhquse, Sev-
Sj I ¦' VV enteenth _ and Fqlsptn '¦' streets,
v li-rjI^abFup'tly.vr^fitQPPfi^^^elS^ip
liLs^r fnbrrUrf^^thrqugli 'ait' accident' rb'
. '• ¦ James Frank's,, truckman "of N'p.'
-6: ...The '¦drill 'had?. been, satlsfactocily. perf
.formed by th^ fire laddies. and Franks_was
descending from the top' of the : ; tower,:
"which is ninety feet high, _with.. the 'scal
ing, or Pompier, ladders," when the hook
of the ladder which he was descending
got loose,' the iflreman j falling a-distance
of twenty feet or more. He was caught in
the net and- at first thought that, he = had
escaped injuries, but after being assisted
to the fire station it was soon determined :
from symptoms he developed that he had
been severely hurt. - , ¦ • '
Dr. Partridge was immediately sum
moned and upon" his advice an ambulance
from the German Hospital was called into
service to convey the man to his home.
Sapphire corsets:. $2.5«: Royal Worcester
«orset. black. $1.25 quality. 65c. All cor
eets fitted. Chester F. Wright. 6 Geary
fct., cor. Kearny. first floor upstairs. •
Corset Specials for This Week.
The demurrer interposed by Attorney
Henry Ach to the complaint in the cases
of August Franzini of the Cafe Royal and
R. Schrensky of the Baldwin Annex,
charging them with playing a percentage
game of poker, was sustained by Judjfe
Cabaniss yesterday. The chief point in
the demurrer was that the complaint al
leged two offenses, one under the ordi
nance and the other under the State law.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley was
given permission to amend the complaint
and the cases were continued.
Percentage Poker Test Cases.
The total number of deaths for. the cal
endar year 1901 was 6963, against 6507 for
1900, an increase- of 56. The tottl-births
for 1901 were 5393, and for 1900, 5071, an in
crease of 322: l '¦• - •
. Tctal deaths from all causes 586, equivalent
to a rate of. 1.627 Der 1000 for\the.. month or
19.524' per annum. The deaths lor the , cor
responding month of 1000 were -685,. beinsc ,a
monthly rate of 1.902. or 22.S24 per ahnuhj. •-
Total number of ..Wrths" registered .for the
month were 437. .¦ equal to .-a', rnonthly- "ratte^or
1.380, or 16. SCO per annum. "The difference In
favor of the death rate would .'indicate that a
large number of births occurring in the city
are not registered, •••.»...•.¦¦'•• -¦-.':,¦,. •
The deaths !by. sexe«:wer« 377 -males and 209
females. Principal ;-«aus*»:'*^Plr*itherla;v; 19:
scarlet fever, 2; ' typhpld : f ever, • S: cancer,- aU.
varieties. 34; .pulmonary tuberculosis, fel; alco-'
holism, 6; cerebral apoplexy, IS: diseases. of
the heart; 71; pneumonia (broncho and lobar),
53; digestive system, 46; Bright's disease, 29;
misadventure and negligence," 41: homicides, 6;
suicides. 13. _ • . ¦ . •..-
E. M. Coffey, statistician of the De-"
partment of Public Health, submitted -the
following report yesterday showing'' the;
deaths in this city for the month of De
cember, 1901: v _ " ,, . ., .. :
Compiles Figures on Deaths
- and Births.
Edward M. Coffey of Health Board
SUBMITS REPORT ON
- VITAL STATISTICS
He passed the examination for. a com
mission over a. year ago, and when word
was received that he .had really got his
commission his friends were beginning to
fear that his case had been smothered* in
the sea of applications which has of late
deluged the War Department.
Colonel de Clairmont' is well known in
military circles through his book "Re
form." He has some time since retirea
from active service. He is- one of few
thirty-third degree Masons in California.
He also bears the distinction of being the
first man to ride a bicycle in San Fran
cisco. He is 72 years of age, but still hale
and hearty, and to this day an enthusias
tic bicvclist.
He was in the Presidio Hospital for
many months. ! When -almost recovered
he returned to duty and for -some time
acted as clerk to Colonel Rawles. :
Colonel de Clairmont- was formerly
chief of Btaff of the, army' of Guatemala,
and it was In the military, academy: or.
that republic that Lieutenant de Clair
mont received his first lessons In war.
After graduating he came to San Fran
cisco and engaged for a few years In
civil pursuits both here and m South
America. His . military instinct was
strong, however, and he enlisted as. a pri
vate in the Fourth United States Cavairy.-
At the end of his term of enlistment he
had acquired the rank of sergeant major.
When war was declared with Spain he
re-enlisted In his old 'regiment and ac
companied the command to Manila, He I
rose rapidly to the rank of sergeant, and
duiin« his Philippine service acted as of
ficial Interpreter. • - : -
Young De Clairmont speaks -Spanish
with Castilian '¦ purity, and his services
were invaluable in holding communica
tion with the natives. He proved himself
to be - absolutely without fear ¦ and" had"
done much to inspire in the natives confi
dence In the" good Intentions of"the"Amer-'
ican Government, when two bullets, one
through the t right arm and the other
through the left lung; I ended his useful
ness In the Philippines. ' ¦ ¦ ¦
Word* has Just been received In San
Francisco of the. promotion to a second
lieutenancy In the United States army of
Lorenzo de Clairmont, eldest son, of Col
onel Ralph de Clairmont of this city. Thlo
promotion, although tardy, was In direct
recognition of splendid services per
formed In the Philippines, - where -Lieu
tenant de Clairmont received,, wounds
from *hich he has barely recovered.
Is Twice Wounded While in
Philippines, Where He*
Wins Distinction.
Lorenzo de Olairmont Is
Now Second Lieuten
ant of Infantry.
BRAVE SOLDIER
SECURES REWARD
James Franks, a Truckman, Is Precipitated
to the 'Ground Through; the Loosening
of Scaling Ladder Hook While at Drill
FIRE LADDIE MEETS
WITH SEVERE INJURY
EDNA STANLEY
TIRES OF LIFE
Says Stepfather Turned
Her Brothers' Af
fection S.
i ¦ ' ¦
Finds Pistol Under "Pillow
and Shoots Herself in
the Breast. ,
"' Edna Stanley, nineteen years _ of age,
and., residing, with .her- brothers and step
father, at 176 . Seventh street, , lies on a cot
in the female ward of theRecelylng Hos
pital with a self-inflicted bullet 1 wound in'
her breast. • Tired of -life and with bltter
; ness in her heart against her v stepfather
she: sought >. the endiof/all. ; - - r
-By the chance of :\ fate the wound ; did
not prove ; fatal. The '. bullet entered the
body at the second rib : and : passed to the
left shoulder.. The deflection caused by
the striking ' of the rib will in all prob
ability save the girl's life..; •/¦. y V
. Edna Stanley, says she tried to ' take her
own life on account of the -acts .of her
stepfather, Francis Cain. I Her life, she
claims, has been ruined, by him, the man
who..turned the. affection of her brothers
from her. But the brothers impeach the
statements of their sister. They declare
that" the • stepfaher was a kindly .: man.
one ; who = treated his family with great
consideration. Edna, they say; was: dis
posed to have her own way, even though
it called for a reprimand from her father.
-The girl kept house for the family,
"which consisted of two brothers and the
• stepfather. The mother died two years
ago.- ¦ ¦'- - • • ' ¦¦ " ¦. •¦'!
That Edna intended to take her life is
quite evident. ; In red ink she wrote a
note"on- the- back of an envelope, bidding
her • brothers good-by. They are. Joe.
"Allen and Dick Stanley. The pistol she
used belonged to her brother. She found
It under the pillow of his bed.
Sunset Magazine for January contains
much interesting matter; artistic half
tone pictures, wide-awake descriptions of
California and the West. .Contents—Mid
winter Roses of- Monterey (poem).'E. C.
Tompkins; The Sequoia's Death— A Fan
tasy, Dr. Nathan M. Babad; Fresh Fields
for Rod and Gun— Sonora, Mexico, T. S.
.Van Dyke ; In / Orange • Land— Riverside,
California, . Alia Aldrlch Clarke— prize - es
say written -for Riverside Chamber of
Commerce; Hassayampa (poem), Amy
Dudley. "Articles on Onion Growing in the
Santa Clara Valley, by Jessie Juliet Knox
and H. L.' Wells; Greeting to 1902, C. S.
'Aik^n; Horses of California (Sixth Paper)
—Sunny Slope, Joseph Cairn Simpson;
Gold Hill on the Rogue, Caspar W. Hodg
son. '• / . . .- . .. ¦"
Published by the Passenger Department,
Southern Pacific Company, San Francisco,
Cal. i One Dollar a year. For sale by all
newsdealers. • ;•.,;
;jRev. P. R.'; Lynch, rector of St. James
Church/who 'was; extremely 111 during the
last! month,' is" now ; on; the road to '.recov
ery. He suffered with pneumonia and for
a' time his life was despaired of. ;
Father 'Lynch Is Recovering.
THB--;SA:N: ; VT 5, 1902.^
FIREMAN WHO WAS SEVERELY
I INJURED INTERNALLY BY. SLIP
PING OF A SCALING LADDER, -t i
26
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOFING SLATE.
¦ i- ¦¦ ......... . .''.'.
'¦¦ We are prenared to furnish unexcelled black.'
also cray. roofinur . slate. " manufactured at | our
quarries in El Dorado County. We Invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate. ,
On application full information • will b» fur*
nlsbed Intending builders.
. EUREKA 6LATE CO.
Room 15. Second Floor. .Mills Building,
I' ' San •: Francisco; Cal.T . . '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND 1 WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated..' KING.- WAR1J A
CO. - European : plan. . : Rooms, . 50c to $1 SO day;
J5 to (S week;-JS to J2O month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every, room; fire grates is
every . rcom; elevator runs all j night. .
Tb« moet wonderful aphrodisiac and SpectAi
Tonio for the Sexual Organs, for bota aaxa*. .
- The Mexican Remedy for XMseaaea of tta» KJd-
nej» and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merit*.
- # NABBB, ALFS ft BBUNB, Af «at«,
123 Maxkat at. S. F.-C3end for OrcoUn^ |
IS A GREAT RESXOPwA.TIVB. E*VlG0aA-
* tor and T Ti i iilnii i— i jiljimii Hh^1)uim»Nii iimml.
Damiana Bitters
BAJA CALIFORNIA
L . soul of f man,":the power^ of 'silent .thought," " the development ; 'of will power,
, nerve force arid hundreds of others things of intense interest to every man
1 and womanywho ,wquld get the rnost "out of, life.*, --.;¦¦ . .' . ; . , . , .
1: ' Write.for the* book, to-day. >, Remember it's free. c Address 'American Col-
'Tlege;<>f Sciences,; Depti 18^P,;420^Walriut'street, ; Philadelphia; Pa.- ;
"experiences :^and, makes ; many -wondeVf,ul disclosures 'regardlngr t the mind and
' -grrand; work . it is giving! away. It has' been of -incalculable benefit 'to me.".
. Mr.' JohnlM. .Guard of Palmer ; I^ke» J C6lb.;'say f ar beyond
I "anything of the^kind I have ever, seen. I nowruse hypnotism every day of
' my life.- Your splendid methods. of instruction -enable me" to get in touch
; 'with. people and wield an influence that I did not dream it was mine to pos-
| • sess." ;/. . ".•¦¦¦;' ',;•¦¦ *i .':...•¦¦¦''•¦•.; : '.'. . , - '. „ /¦¦¦¦•¦ "."_:
, The book will be sent absolutely, free to any address. 1 ; It divulges the
\ whole truth about the most ] mysterious and useful power known to man*. It
'. reveals the \true 'secret' of -all " personal control; it Jay's '.bare Tthe mysteries of
: the Dark Ages; , it gives io man that knowledge of -himself., that Is essential
• (to- his. health,- happiness." 'financial. and; social; success. -: It; is full- of ; startling
-; ";¦ Mr.;Y. T. ; Greenwood of -753 Brook ; street,' ;Beloit, . Wis., wrote for , the
above book, learned hypnotism and immediately cured his wife of a com-
plication of diseases from which, physicians 'said she : must "surely die.
Mrs. : Effle M. Watson' of Martins ville," Ind.,:,'says: "I advise every, woman
in this country to writeto the: American Colleke ¦ of Science Vand get fj. the
If you wish to ascertain how susceptible you are to hypnotic Influence
place yourself in an easy sitting position and look steadily and intently at
the black spot (pupil) in the center of the eye above for five minutes.; While,
looking at the eye count very slowly to yourself, one, two, three, four, arid
so on to five hundred. Do not permit your eyes or mind to wander for one
moment. At the end of five minutes,- if your, eyelids. feel heavy or tired; if
you feel slightly drowsy; If ypti have a' slight tingling sensation in the
arms or hands; if- you have a peculiar sensation in the head,, or if you feel
during the time an inclination to wink the eyelids, you are "quite susceptible
to hypnotic influence!, and you should atonce learn the science for your self-
protection. ..•"" ; • ¦;¦¦..¦•¦;• ,'•, .-¦> .¦¦¦:;¦ -.- ¦ ¦
The eye or a , person who understands hypnotism is a thousand tlme3
more powerful - v than, the cold, 'lifeless picture given above. To tell how sus r
ceptible you would be to a real hypnotic'- eye, multiply the effect you per-
ceived by 1000. *.,..'¦; : : "./.* .¦'. "'..'/.'¦' • ¦•.'. : ,'. .¦/ ; "
The most eminent specialists ¦ of , modern 'times. have Just written a mar-
velous- new" book on I ''PersonaHMagrietlsm; ; Hypnotism, Magnetic Healing,
etc.," ' 10,000 copies of which are [to | be given away^ for the benefit of the pub-
lics The book is richly illustrated by the finest half-tone engravings, show-
Ing various positions of subject and operator.. : / ;^ . ,
I : By the * late ? methods to which this book [ calls attention any one can
learn - hypnotism, and" acquire wonderful magrnetic^ power in "a few days at
his j own home and use it : on his friends • and associates . entirely without
their . knowledge. The ¦ person affected does r not! dream that his . mind and
will have been taken possession of and controlled by another. The most ob-
stinate chronic diseases are speedily cured by" this mysterious force and bad
habits. banished, never to return. - • . ;:^, .. ¦ ,, ¦.-:-. ¦.•..-: ; -.. ',•-.-,^--
¦¦¦flBBBIIBaHBBBHHBBaHBIEHEBaHaBBBflHBIlHBBBSB
I A Clearing in shoes— -I
? • " \* g
P The reductions at this sale are so great, and at the' same tim=- H
¦ so unusual, that we feel a few explanations should be made. gf
a The shoes are certain lines, incomplete in all sizes because ol S
a the heavy holiday trade. We never'ask regular prices for goods ¦
g not containing all sizes. The reductions are 25 to 50 per cent. H
¦ The shoes are high gra<5e, first-class footwear, from Laird, Schober §
¦ & Co., and other well-known makers. • a
n Friday and Saturday's lively selling shows that ycu must buy q
Jg quick in order to get your size in the style you want. H
C2 Here are but a few of the many bargains: ®
I infants' soft Boles, patent leather Laird, Schober & Co.'s common O
n va pP^^ th white . blue or Pink tops, sense button shoes, either light hand B
u only 40C-. • turned or medium hand welted shoes; K
« ,_.,,., • — : — , ~ „' . the finest shoes. for ladies who ap- . m
55 Ctilia s and misses suppers in predate comfort; sold regularly in IS
¦ white, blue or pink. pa.tent leather every city in the United States for $5 E
B kid or bronze, not all sizes, though and $6; sale price here, S3.S5.
there is a fair quantity; sizes 8^ to , lC "' . g
« U. 90c; WA to 2. 81.1Q. Ladles' extended sole lace shoes In B
I Little boys' l^Tshoes inkid or fe^feffl f 28i? I 8,S' li !
res calfskin, made like men s, with ex- . ' *»¦*¦• ¦*-«>• ra
B ns l°5l soles : slzes 9 to P rfce onl y Men's Imported enamel and patent S
q. S1.1O- leather or calfskin vici kid and box g|
m _ Boys' calfskin lace shoes with cholcest e goods, S 'llght or^eavy^olcs 8 " fl)
3 heavy quilted toes, for boys who are *:\ 11 , "*' oo^b, k\
(H hard on shoes; sizes 13 to 2, 81.35; * BO * XU - - B
g 2^ to 5%. $1.00- Take a look at them In our win- ' 5
| Child's all Whi^Tlnk or blue but- 111 fl " d TOme vaIues ¦ ¦
¦ ton shoes, of the -finest material. . ' - ra
¦ made by Laird, Scbober & Co.. sizes ON BARGkAIN COTTKTT<"R<a ' n
g llSsS'^^h^pS ftSHo°r: Odds-and'-enTln SSJS^nar- B
HI Sizes 3 VO .0, wllll J3UIIUK Ilccis, lor- rnvu siroa nnlv C1 f\t\ n _j a»-i iJV» -—
g merly 52.00, now at 81.25- ow S12es only ' 83 ' 00 and S1.5O. B
¦ m^T-Jp™ 1 ** SllPPerS> thC Odds.-and-ends—i; child's arid -"
B made. 7oCv v :^ misses' shoes, alb high grade goods. 5
rx ¦ but badly broken in sizes; - some S
q Ladles* felt Romeos in red or black, worth J2.60, now to be had at 50c "
S hand turned, S5c- . and 7f»e._ ..._._ . _ . . . .;. H
« OJC • i>vrvtVC«i 1 w*n,ta^,i^ v El
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
WEIRO THINGS DOHNDER ITS MYSTIC SPELL
Can You Look at It Five Minutes
Without Being Hypnotized?
READ THE DIRECTIONS BELOW AND TRY.
Office Chief of Police.
One of San Francisco's most efficient police
officers Joins Admiral Dewey in RECOM-
MENDING Mr. George Mayerle, the German
Expert Optician. 1071^4 Market street, and
sends the following testimonial:
"It Bives me much pleasure to recommend
to the public Mr. George Mayerle of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses for the past
four years, and during that time have • ecn-
BUlted Beveral opticians, but not until I con-
sulted Mr. George Mayerle and had him fit
Flasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction.
Most respectfully. J. H. ANDERSON.
"Sergeant of Police, San Francisco."
CUT THIS OUT.
asw Mayerle' ¦ Superior Qual-
lty Eyeglasses, which are
•^<*B* B^i3fiefc.Ti the only ones Indorsed by
/JfcJSKSv* 1 *' the hlgheet U. S. Army.
aOeffy^v Na\-y and Government offl-
dais, can be had only of
George Mayerle. at 1071H Market St.. near
Seventh, San Francisco. Mr. George Mayerle
does not travel, nor does he employ traveling
cpticians to represent him. Telephone South
C72. German Eyewater, 50c.
NOTICE!
ADMIRAL DEWEY,
Whs used Mayerle's glasses during the Spanish-
American "War, and is 6till using them with
much satisfaction, hlgrhly appreciates their bu-
pcrtorlty. and sends the following testimonial:
MR. GEORGE MATERLE, German Expert Op-
tician, 1071 M Market Street, San Francisco,
My Dear Sir: I am still using WITH. MUCH
SATISFACTION the rla-sses you sent me at
Manila; also the new ones suit my eyes per-
fectly. Very truly yours,
• - GEORGE DEWET.
EMBROIDERIES
jl |{^ PLnrt-^a @
' This week will commence our ANNUAL SALE
OF FINE WHITE EMBROIDERIES. We will
; off eraiout 6500 -uarfls CamLrlc, Nainsook and
Swiss Edrjinus, Insertings and Allovers, at
'i;.; prices ranging from 5c to 50c per yard*
These Embroideries are a special purchase
: v- ftom a St. Gall: manufacturer, and will he
found veru much less than regular prices.
25,000 Yards
ENGLISH 'TORCHON LACES, hoth Edgings
•and Inser'tings, from one to four inches In
width. These comein about fiftu different
patterns. Prices 30c, 40c, 50c and
60c per dozen yards, and are the best
Yalues ever offered bu us,
We will also have on sale this week about 450
dozen Ladies 1 and Gents 1 UN LAUNDERED
LINENHANDKERCHIEFS, Embroidered, Hem-
stitched and Initialed, Prices $1.00, $1.20,
$1.80 and $3.oo Dozen. These Handker-
chiefs -arrived late for our holidau trade,
k ¦':;^;'j*Mf^?> l^/ lij.; ;ii9, 121 post street.
DR.MCNULTY.
nPHIS WELL-KNOWN AUTD RELIABLE OLD
.1 SpeciallsteurM Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture, Me initial Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, free.
OverSOyeara'experience. Terms reasonable. Hours.
9to3daily:8:30toa.30ev'es. Snndays.lOtoK. Consul-
taUonXreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. itOHCOE McXULTY. M.D.
SOU Kearny HU, San Francisco, CaL,
ZXPEBT OPTICIAN.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
The Independent Gas and Power
Company announces that its new
and complete plant is rapidly being
finished.
It has placed orders for about ten
thousand (io,ooo) tons of pipe, and c
has on hand about two thousand
(2000) tons.
The laying of mains will com-
mence immediately after January
1st and be prosecuted as rapidly as
possible.
This company will make contracts
to supply gas for two years at the
rate of severity-five (75) cents per
thousand cubic feet in all 'districts
as rapidly as the necessary pipes can
belaid. '
INDEPENDENT CAS and
POWER COMPANY.
A. M, HUNT, General Manager.
Gil i v (Hi f% M 1 M 1 IiiiTrn
ALIrORNIA LIMITED
The greatest train across the conti nent. High speed combined \wlth
high-class accommodations have mads it tHs most popular with travelers.
- ' ¦ • ¦'.-..•¦.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A.M.
City Ticket Office, 641 Market St,
•Ivvwrr:-.":.: '. .•-w.^,v i -•- ., .¦ .
I",- ....WE.DWM.OUfl.OWK BlirLPlNG-WE PAY NO RENT,
]Vv y JXJy /^^^3h^>9 Late arrivals. Hat racks in quarter-
' V\ //M§tP^^'tKC^ Jl 3awe<^ oa^ - Golden oak finish and
• )^•¦•'^fl^ 1^^ " laWi' "^* if All sizes, all prices — fit a small hall
t/~ " {S!2,\ fl^^ 1-to® S^*l ant^ a sma H purse, or a large hall and a
$T ¦HI JlW -4& r at P oc^ et- book. Needn't bring: your
ll '"i'nw'l^^ |je ffir) TTt a money, though; your credit is good
\i J^i fi * *¦*¦ «5here, for you don't have to borrow any
\X *M *a .xS^ <-^y • OT "r» montf y } n order to get in. We carry
<is| 1? •' P-HK. everything in Furniture — can St you out
1 t^Sl&K \ perfectly from kitchen to hall a,nd draw-
«\ cXd. ingr-room complete.
- (/ ML^^^SI 7 This eek °? lv - Better grades. 65c.
I y.f~~ T^ a^xZ~^_ *J *£> -^^ sewed, lined and laid. We have
|\ ES ••""¦>-"^/^ i iV^aP^| > the very best quality and patterns. The
\ tw ~-i^^^M»S§^ latest designs and newest ideas cost no
'.a eL&s^SESSfSflffllS!^ -~^ more an ast ve ? r ' s stock. Come early
V ' i~T_*^^'*^"* i '~7 '|Jf "jff S e t your choice of these bargains in
' gul**^ Carpets before they are picked over.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THEJ. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., J«c,
1017-1023 Mission Strest, above Sixth, San Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI>VER.TTSE3(rEINTS.SANTA ROSA. Jan. 4,-Judge Albert -G."
Burnett to-day filed an opinion in the Soc
rates mining case. -.The action was one to
quiet title.- The decision of the court Is
that the. plaintiff., F. - A: Huntington, is
entitled to S62V2 feet, ' the. Carr -Realty
Company, -to 750 , feet; , John Lloyd, as as
signee " of John A". / Robinson ', to ' 150 .• feet V
and Defendant Troop to 200 feet. .The. suit
grew, out of complications arising: through
numerous ¦• transfers ' made during '¦' the
past twenty, years, when the property was
considered of little Value/ .
Decides Socrates Mine Case.
were Fitzgerald and Heathcote. The name
of the other is not known. The canoe and
several dogs were picked up on the "beach
near the mouth of the river by men from
Wrangel, which is only a few miles dis
tant, out the bodies of the unfortunate
men were not found.
The men were coming down the river
en a pleasure expedition. They had their
tanoe heavily laden and in the rapids,- de
*plte the effort to -keep It upright, the frail
?raf t turned turtle. It ie probable - that
the bodies have been washed out to sea.
Eticfcecn Rapids on December 29 by the
overturning of a canoe. Two of the men
SEATTLE, Jan. 4. — Three Northwest
mounted police were drowned in the
Canoe Carrying Northwest Mounted
Police on a Pleasure Trip
Capsizes.
THREE MEM PEBISH IN
THE STICKEEN RAPIDS
¦:,-'¦¦.-:¦..'... y- ¦'.-... -¦- ¦¦,-•. -.. .--.-:•..'¦ ;. -.;
-.BERLIN.'; Jan.. 4.— Herr -yon 'Pilgrim
Ballazzi;,.:the, German Charge d*Aff air es
at; Caracas, handed President Castro a
-fresh" note ."on 'Thursday: reciting in simple
language '.what Germany -desires ' Vene
zuelav to do respecting all 'her claims ami
the * questions ;in'-;' dispute. -. An . official «-f
.the- .Foreign Office .states that , the neV/
note Is so phrasedjthat no possible offense
!can be taken. Itlcohtains no % suggestion
.of : a ah --ultimatum*, and -no -time, limit for
compliance with .the" terms of the note. is
named, > though /¦; in ' 'presenting > it .the
Charge. d'Affaires - asked ;fon- an early -re
ply. : ; -The? object "of the note" is ,to afford
President 'Castro "an opportunity' of ; yield-,
Ing "gracefully and '; it 'conveys «nor intima
tion ;of. what-'Germany /.will £ do . if •Vene
zuela" refuses -to pay the German 'claims.
! -- Diplomatic, opinion - here considers ¦ that
Germany's v representations to | the Unl ted
States . regarding Venezuela Indicate j that
:the' German'. Government entirely accents
The edict mentions the hall, in which the
Emperor will receive the Ministers. It Is
in the Forbidden City, and is the same
hall where the members of the council
and the highest nobles are "received. This
conforms with the peace treaty. ' ¦ H ; •:'•'
: It ' is ' reported that a building, along the
route of the procession will be provided
PEKING, Jan. 4.— The Dowager Em:
press has issued another edict displaying
a desire to conciliate foreigners. She says
friendly relations with the Ministers
should be resumed immediately on the
court's return to Peking, , wherefore it: is
desirable that the Emperor, grant an audi
ence and order*that an early date be fixed
for the reception of the Ministers.: Her
Majesty recalls the pleasure ehe expe
rienced twice in receiving the ladles of the
diplomatic corps, and announces that she
will soon 'arrange another, reception.' V
•if. Mobilization : of the ; reserves has: begun
in -the northwestern, provinces. \The 5 Call
correspondent^ has -. learned. i; the "- details
about the /last' Incident 'In ;' the /Chilean
trouble. ¦ Af ter ;;-*• a' .' conference
President Riesco of Chile.'.hls Secretary, of
Foreign" Aff airs,' Serior »Yanez/' arid*- the Ar-'
gentina .• Minister, :'Senor ?^Portela,*. they
agreed ;to draft* a • protocol based ion the
instructions >. to ;v Minister. s. Portela:- from
Buenos Ayres. ~, It;. was arranged, that -.the
protocol, should '-.be signed' in the. private
residence .of President Riesco. ¦' The draft
was ; prepared i and-- while ; the : - • clerk u. was
copying it <Presldent^Ricsco r invited.Minis
ter, Portela to have a glass of. champagne.^
Finally the- clerk 'brought -In a xopy;and
Secretary '.Yanez , hastened \ to sign- it. .• Se
nor Portela then added. his- signature: \ '
i Afterward ¦ it was noted', that .the proto-'
col said: %'To continue negotiations . with
'. BUENOS ATRES/Jan* 4.'— Great secrecy
is being observedin regard to the, Chilean
question, -but i there are - evident' signs": of
alarm.^ 1 / .¦¦'.::¦.• Y ; <~.A '^\yl:~Ui\?i'i?/~r}/\\.±
Unfounded i. Charge .Against VArch-.
• :¦ aeblogist {of Smuggling 1 r Aitec "
' r . Belies 'Across the Border. -< • - i
¦','¦ AUSTIN,' Tex.^Jan.il— 'A'dlspdtch from
Oaxaca.' Mexico, "says' that ; Professor '; M:
H/v Seville 'ofrNew-York^City^tbeinotcd;
archaeologist,-" who : 'has* made extensive
explorations ; of j the -Aztec; ruins . in I South
ern - Mexico,- arrived at' the ruins of, Mitla.
to-day t and ,will-- immediately resume • his
excavating work at: these ancient. temples
and pyramids. .- At; the ', Mmer Professor *St-;
vllle leftMexico;: several months .ago.*: tha"
report was widely published- that , he had
smuggled va'^vast: amount., of i valuable'
Aztecirelics-acrossithetborder and thaflt
would be made t the.subject | of i official in
quiry;by-,the Mexican Government should
he return ,' to •¦Mexico.'^. It-is Jnow defclared'
that; the i charge against' Professor Sevlll«
was": unfounded.': <He I has * a ", commission!
from the -Mexican Government to conduct'
' the archaeological researches, d After, com-;
pletingi his '.work at • Mitla-he .will j spend
some ". time .•'. exploring ¦• the 5 ancient 5: aban- ,
doned cities situated in the; Oaxaca'Val
ley:;!..;- ¦¦- •-•.'¦•.¦ ; "\ ; ,:-'Vf. ¦¦': ¦>.'; ;.'•'/!
PBOFESSOR-- SEVILLE'S /¦¦; v
r-'V-'i RESEARCHES IN : MEXICO
Great Respect for
Ministers.
' ' u'i'. : , .-¦ ¦' ¦
Dowager Empress Has
Chilean Question Is Still
Causing- Preparations :; j
... \\ • > .'.ibr.War./^:ill¥;
, Gonveys-Nb; Fearful '...
:'\lx :.^Threats; -
GERMANY TRIES
GENTLE WORDS
ARGENTINA AGAIN
CALLS RESERVES
the object of regulating* the; police' service
which it-may be necessary to establish in
some regions of- the- disputed territory."- i
*¦¦¦ Minister- Portela declares: that the word
ing should .have been:- .''Some regions of
tliat . territory," ; meaning .Ultima -Esper
anza. -..The, Chilean - Minister, Senor Con
cha, promised on Friday to submit an ex
planatory . note 'from • his . Government, put
no such note has been received from San
tiago>v. ...... ¦¦.,.:/ j-;-..^:' ¦¦¦¦:¦;:.¦:¦. '.¦../;¦.:¦:
i ' ' Senor- Portela' arrived here. on. Wednes
day, and hid' a long conference with Pres
ident Rcca ,and ¦' the Minister of r Foreign
Affairs, Serior. Alcorta. :,.;"•.-¦ ¦¦'-., ,¦-. •.. -,
The proposed measure to prohibit Chi
nese from crossing the United States in
order to enter. Mexico and South America,
where many of them have large interests.
will greatly damage trade, It is declared.--
To-day's edict confirms the report that
two \ missionaries were victims In the
Kaanan massacre, and. orders the vigor
ous punishment of the persons ' concerned
in the outrage. ¦
The Foreign Office .has received a peti
tion signed by a multitude of Chinese
merchants in the United States request
ing the Government to oppose the re-en
actment of the Chinese exclusion law.
The petitioners assert that the best people
in the United States are opposed to the
law, and that only the coterie surround
ing President Roosevelt favor It; that all
Chinese entering the country are regard
ed and treated as. criminals; that both
sexes are stripped and examined for,dis
ease, and that the feelings of the re
spectable Chinese are outraged by the or
deal, and it is further alleged that many
delicate persons have ' died I as the result
oftthis treatment. . " -r: ' ' • . "<• - ; .v- r . ¦¦, ;,-:¦
where the [foreign ladles may witness tha
court's re-entry Into Peking by,' order of
the Dowager Empress.- This is a remark
able innovation. . .¦•: -u ¦ " '
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Jan. 4.— Late ad
vices from Caspar state that Sheriff Rick
cr, the Natroca County officer who was
pursuing the Woodward brothers and two
other escaped prisoners, was not killed
In a battle with the outlaws, as at first
reported, but was murdered in cold blood.
When he reached the Woodward ranch
he was shot down and dragged into the
tarn, where he was robbed cf his valu
ebles, his head beaten in a horrible man
ner and a bul!ct fired into his brain. One
of his deputies is reported to have Joined
the outlaws and fled with them to the
mountains. Posses have been sent to the
ecene from Lander, Sweetwater County,
and Casper, making over 100 men now on
the trail of the murderers, and they can
not escape. The people of Casper are
preparing to lynch the outlaws if they
ere not killed by the officers.
and Flans Are Hade for
Lynching.
Posses Now on Trail of Murderers
Om'LAWS TAKE LIFE
OF PTJBSTJING SHEBIFF
Seamans' Remains on the Way.
¦WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The body of
General William H. Seamans, who died
here yesterday, left to-night for San Fran
cisco, accompanied by his widow. His
former business partner. E. W. Johnson,
of Salem, Mass.,- who was present when
he .lied, was. unable to Join the funeral
party. •• ¦ '• ¦ i . -
the Monroe doctrine. The papers have
partly taken the same view. The Tase
blatt says: * • ¦ . w 
•The phrase. 'America for Americans,'
is- an Irreversible fact."
Some newspapers, like the Cologne
Volks Zeitung. a leading Centrist organ,
see in.. Germany's, consultation with the
United States an unnecessary recognition
of the , latter's "pretensions on Central
America," and the paper last named
avers that the representations of the Ger
man Embassador, Dr. von Holleben, at
Washington,- were ' followed by a "freah
outbreak of Insolence upon the part ot
the American press." •
Professor Frank Parsons of Boston is
here, j After studying the industrial con
ditions of thirty-six European cities he
found in all countries some apprehension
that the United States is likely to under
sell in all the open markets. He says
Austria especially is feeling insecure, so
much so -that gaeat manufacturers and
financiers are unwilling . to contribute
capital for new ventures except In small
amounts, as the United States is fixing
prices? of rubber goods, • bicycles, soaps,
photographic- materials and several lines
of; machinery. .
Almost equal concern regarding Ameri
can competition exists -in Italy, but- In
Germany Professor Parsons finds that the
manufacturers feei able to take care of
themselves. The thing here that aston
ishes Professor Parsons most is the health
and good spirits- of the men who are
working sixteen and seventeen hour3
dally for sixty and , sixty-five cents per
day under conditions which would not
be tolerated in America. .
Professor Parsons has gone exhaustive
ly into the question of workmen's fond,
and his general conclusion is that while
Germans, Austrians and Italians are
underfed. -Americans are overfed, almost
to gluttony. -- The -professor will go . to
Boston at the end of the present . month.
'The nftWtyear's; prognostications of the
financial and industrial journals are dole
ful. .They, describe the outlook as con
fusing. • Taking into account the tariff
hostility;of Russia and Austria.the com
petition of the United States and the in
tense depression at home, there are slight
grounds f or ¦ expecting Immediate ts>
provement, "
fej Judge Cherry said that he had been au
thorized to', proceed \ under.' an order from
the Attorney^ General office -and waited
for/ Assistant . Attorney- General Post I to
file an order. Post refused todo thisand
V. The. thirteen men who are under arrest
were .taken - before "Judge -Cherry, this
afternoon*, for arraignment. . As., they
marched down the street from the jail
to". Stewards JHall, '.where- the 'court .was
to be held/hot a word /was spoken," though
the streets'- were ' lined -.with people, j At
torney John E. Raker appeared for all of
the defendants and' objected j to. their; be-,
ing arraigned - at this time on the ground
that the writ of habeas corpus was. pend
ing in the- Superior. Court In /the interest
of the defendants', and- that the Justice's
Court had';no: Jurisdiction to proceed with
the hearihguntil the. writ. was disposed of:
JURORSf AND LEADING -WIT
,; NESSES IN - THE ALTURAS
I LYNCHING CASE. '
¦ Myers':; confession is of the utmost im
portance, : as - it /embraces details of the
conspiracy from Its , inception, -,beginnins
.with -the' issuing' by. Myers- of y warrants
.for? 1 the --arrest; of: Hall and his. sons in
order; to place. them in the clutches of the
; mob.V; ¦- '¦¦¦': ¦ ¦. > u : ¦ -' \ ;. . ¦ ¦.'
j-' -Judge .Myers , Confesses.
. Laie, this afternoon' It was reported that
another 'lyncher .". had f made . a^ statement.
This witness ,1s- J.:R. Myers, j who: was
Justice • of ;..the \ ; Peace -in Lookout at ;'the
time [ of the hanging "and before whom
warrants were issued ': for ' the \ arrest of
Calvin i Hall ' . and ' ; the others.' • A lu<al
clergyman .-named -Simmons ,had Myers
closeted with '.-him- in his rooms iin ¦ the
Stuart > building". all afternoon, 'with Mar-;
sha'.lTaylor on guard outside. At 5 o'clock
Simmons; hurried from .his. rooms' to the
Grand /Central/; Hotel and -returned with
Assistant Attorney General Post.
¦'.When Miller was arraigned. in court to
day "Judge Harris asked that the prisoner
be, searched : and disarmed. This was not
done. -as 1 Miller' claims to be a State of
hcer. The' feeling r agarnsf Miller Is very
bitter ¦on'.the part of the lynchers* sym
pathizers. ¦¦ : ••¦ . ¦ :
Payne- declares that but for his appear
ance at an opportune moment there would
have been a killing. •; - • ¦' . . ; ; i
Miller; .who is known as a "gun fighter",
and : is said ; to-be ... the .bodyguard h of As
.slsiantAttcfney^Gcneral Post, got into an
altercation 'yesterday ¦ with . -Brownel'l 5 in
the> hallway of , the tGrand -Central ¦ Hotel;
accusing Brownell - ; of -having -threatened
•Post. ¦¦-Miller.. Is. °< alleged. to ; have drawn^a
: revolver. ; At """this juncture^ Clerk Payne
of- the" hoteT appeared in- the hallway ! and
rushed: between the : two men, exclaiming :
"ForGod's' sake; don't shoot him.'.' -Miller
was finally induced to put up his revolver;
Dan ; Miller, who was arrested ¦ shortly
after dinner on complaint of E. .W. | Brow
nell on the charge of a'sasult with a deadi
ly weapon, was brought before Justice of
the Peace Spargus this "afternoon j for a.v
raignment. ; He was ; placed' urider a'. $1000
bond* for. his appearance, which' was sup
plied by' District Attorney Boyd | oftasi
sen- County' and" George ' A. - Sturtevant j
Assistant' Attorney- General. ; These gen :
tlemen, with C.-N.- Post,'. appeared- for the
defendant., District Attorney Bonner, G:
F. Harris. and J.:E. J Raker represented the
prosecution. ,i. ' *,; V K-; ¦' , ¦ : ; 7-*-'-' .._';" ; .'• :"-. -¦ :
asked that the case be continued • until
1:30 o'clock" on -Monday. The wrifnow
pending will.be passed upon on Monday
forenoon.- ' **,'"¦¦ I ' r '-''.'¦'.*' -- vV .••> */':?J
. % Miller Is Arraigned. V
CHINA'S LESSON
WELL LEARNED
Hutton Before the Grand Jury.
John Hutton was before the Grand Jury
h greater part of to-day, making his con-
The thirteen men- for whom warrants
were issued yesterday are In prison. They
are: ,E. S. Trowbridge, Frederick Rob
erts, J. J. Potter, J, R. Myers. A. L. Col
burn, William McDaniels, Henry Kr:ox,
Claude Marcus, W. Claude Brown, Jerve
Kresge, Louis Polmanter, Orrin Trow
bridge and Joseph \V. Levcnton.
has been expected for weeks
seems to be at hand. Friends of the thir
teen men charged yesterday with com
plicity in the lynching of Calvin Hall, his
three sons and Daniel Yantis last ¦ May,
swear vengeance, and it is feared an at
tack will be made upon the Modoc Coun
ty Jail to release the prisoners.' John
Hutton, whose . confession, divulging the
full details of the lynching, resulted in
the wholesale arrests, will be lucky if he
escapes alive from Modoc County.
Toward him the vengeful wrath of the
frontiersmen is directed and threats. that
he and others who confess will be made
to pay dearly for the assistance given
the State are made openly on the streets.
ALTURAS, Jan. 4.— Alturas is in a
turmoil. Armed men patrol the
streets. War talk is heard on
every side and the tragedy that
John Hutton has been unaer .surveillance
in a room in the Grand-Central. Hotel for
the past two and a half .days. It is be
lievcd that the Grand Jury will return
seventeen indictments as a result of Hut
ton's testimony.
fession. Hutton^swears that he was a
member of the mob of lynchers, and, be
sides the thirteen vmeri for whom warrants
were Issued yesterday/ he is said to have
implicated others. It has been reported;
the Claude Morris . also j had confessed.
This is denied by Morris, who this morn
ing told his mother . that he ' made no
statement to the attorneys for the prose^
cution and that. /he -had- no statement'
whatever to . make,; as ' he had told all
that he knew. when he was on the stand
in court, j Mrs. Morris walked up and
dewn the corridor of the Grand Central
Hotel all last nightrbegging to seei her
son. He was returning from his home In
Lookout last night on the Adin-'and'Al
turas stage. A short distance below the
town he was taken from the stage and
put into a covered .wagon by three men
supposed to * be detectives and- driven
about until dark and. then brought to the
Grand Central. - The -entire night was
spent in trying to get him . to make a
statement, but he declares the attempt
was unsuccessful. , , . •
Attorneys for thf>PfoseGutioh Claim to Have
Obtained a Detailed Confession From
JUstice of the Peace Myers of the Hang'ng
Authorities Fear an Attack May Be Made
Upon the County Jail to Release the
A leged Leaders of the Lockout Mob'
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The action of Sir
Ernest Cassel in placing £200,000 at the
disposal of King Edward for charitable
cr utilitarian purposes, which sum will
fce devoted to the establishment of a sani
tarium for consumptives, has brought
prominently before publia notice one of
the most interesting characters in Eng
land. Comparisons are noV drawn be
tween Andrew Carnegie and Cassel. In
this connection the Spectator says:
"We hope the gift will be the precursor
ef many more. English millionaires do
not behave well in this respect— far worse
for instance than their American rivals,
•who have spent this year £25,000.000 in
the endowment of universities, colleges,
libraries and art schools. It is thorough
ly discreditable to us that Oxford and
Cambridge lack a million apiece required
lor their cost equipment."
Sir Ernest Cassel is an instance of those
•who have worked from the bottom to the
top rung of English life. He was born
f.fty years ago at Cologne. His father
¦was a. German baker. Sir Ernest entered
the London financial house of Benschoffs
fceira & Goldsmith as a clerk, rinally at
taining a partnership. He was made a
Knight Commander of St. Michael and
St. George for important financial serv
ices to the Egyptian Government a:id was
kIso decorated by Norway, and Sweden
¦ for assistance rendered to ratUoad enter
prises in those countries. L»*iy Casse!.
his wife, died in ISSL While he is of a
Jewish family, Sir Err.est does not belong
to the Jewish community. In racing Sir
Ernest has long been prominent.
CASSEL AND CAKNEGIE >»:<
rmsT nr p titt, a itthbopy
British Millionaires Urged to Emu
late the Man Who Gave Money
for Sanitarium.
Washington: Richard M. Johnston
(dead). Tacoma. $17. Original widow, etc.
— Kzelia Johnston. Tacoma, $12. - *
Army orders: Lieutenant Colonel Mor
ris.'. C. Foote; Ninth Infantry, has' been
assigned - to - duty in the Department of
California until May 1 next. ¦
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The . Postofflce-
Department • to-day Issued the following:
Postofflces discontinued January 21: Cali
fornia—Mollno, Sonoma County, mail to
Sebastopol; Rockville and Manka, Solano
County, mail to Suisun City. Postmas
ters commissioned: . California— William
H. Merrineld. Udell. Appointed: Cali
fornia—Charles D. Phelps, Cazadero. So
noma County, vice George S. Montgom
ery, removed; Juan S. Soto, Lordsburg.
Los Angeles County, vice Robert L.
Schleider, resigned. Rural free delivery
established February: Deep Creek, Spo
kane County, Wash. Sub-station No. 10,
Oakland, Cal., Postofflce. < established
February at 1113 Washington street.
These pensions were Issued: Califor
nia: Original — John Donnelly, Larkln, $8;
Andrew D. Westerfleld, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. JS: Silas S. Woodard, San
Francisco, $6; Nelson A. McCoy, Vet
erans' Home. Napa, $8. War with Spain —
Henry M. Breiner, San Francisco, $10;
Charles K. Welch, San Francisco, $10.
Mexican war— Samuel M. Hlghet, Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $12; Charles Coonrad
Barricklo'w,', Sacramento, $12. Widow —
Susanna .Berger, East Oakland. $3.
Oregon: Original— George M. Jonsa.
Fairmount, $6; John L. Stockman.
More New Pensions Axe
Issued.
Changes in the Postal Service and
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 4.— It Is report
ed from Panama that General Alban has.
chartered the steamer Chirlqui and ' the
Pacific Mail Company's steamer Isabel,
and that with these vessels and the gun
boat Boayaca and a canal boat he will
leave shortly to attack the fleet of the
revolutionists.
For some time General Urlbe-Urlbe has.
been at Tachira. Venezuela, with an army
of 2000 men. He has tried time and again
to get past the Colombian Government
forces - but always without success. In
these attempts he was assisted by troops
of the Venezuelan army. He has now ac
complished his end wltn a force com
posed only of Colombian Liberals. En
trance was gained into the Department of
foantander and it is expected that there
will be severe righting soon.
Other advices received, by Dr. Restrepo
are that the insurgents under General
Ardilla have captured the city of Buen
caramanga, which is one . of the most
important towns In the country and the
capital of Santander. ¦
Another attempt to take Panama Is
now being planned by the insurgents.
The news is confirmed that their fleet,
consisting of. the gunboats Darien, Pa
dilla and Galtan and a few sailing vessels
carrying cargoes of war material, are in
the vicinity of the isthmus. It is even
reported that some of these have already
been landed. General Benjamin Herrera
is the commander of this expedition.
Dr. Restrepo said to-day that in a few
days he expected to hear of th« renewal
of hostilities at Panama.., ' .
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-A cablegram to
day from General Vargas Santos, chief
of the Colombian rebellion, to Dr. A. J.
Restrepo, diplomatic agent of the rebels
in this country, announces that General
Rafael Urlbe-Urlbe had effected an 'en
trance into Colombia from Venezuela. . !
Special Dlasatch to The Call.
The Venezuelan Government, according
to the advices from Caracas, Is without
money and is vainly trying to buy war
supplies in New York.
It is further asserted that the employes
of the Government of Venezuela have
been without pay for the last six months
and that they are only awaiting favor
able opportunity to take part in the re
volt against President Castro.
The death penalty has been abolished in
Venezuela and prisoners cannot be legally
executed. «
General Rlera, the revolus.
tionary leader who is here, expects to
join in a cotzplo of days about 1500 follow
ers, near Coro, the capital of the State
of Falcon.
Latest advices are that President Cas
tro has been apprised of the arrival of
the Ban Righ on the Venezuelan coast,
and has sent a couple of war vessels to
capture her.
The decree of President Castro declar
ing that the steamship Ban Righ Is a
piratical craft is regarded here as likely
to result in an increase of international
complications. Should the Ban Righ be
captured and the ship's company exe
cuted, it will be a case of the Virginius
ever again.
There are on the Ban Righ four Ameri
cans, five Frenchmen, three . Englishmen
end three Cubans, all of whom are under
command of Venezuelans. The assertion
that the Ban Righ is a pirate is consid
ered absurd.
It is said that the vessels of the Vene
zuelan fleet are short of coal, that their
engines are in need of repair and that the
search for the Ban Righ was very lim
ited.
Another report has reached here that
the Ban High anchored last evening at
"Machurucuto, about sixty miles west of
Guzman Blanco.
.Venezuelan coast, near Guzman Blanco,
port of Barcelona, and has landed Senor
Mat os and his revolutionary expedition.
WTT-LP^TSTAD, Jan. 4.— Advices have
reached here that the steamship Ban
High, cow called the Libertador by the
Venezuelan insurgents, has arrived on the
SzweUJ Dispatch to The Call.
Fleet Manned by Revolutionists
' Beaches the Isthmus, and Fan- .
ama Is Again to Be
Caracas Government Is in Sore Straits
and Is Vainly Trying to Buy
War Supplies in New
York.
Rebels Under Ardilla Succeed
• ¦ ¦ . . i
in Capturing Capital
of Santander.
•Castro Sends His Crippled
Navy in Pursuit of the
Expedition.
Entrance From Venezu
. e!a Gained by General
Uribe-Uribe. /;, ¦;
Invaders on the Ban
Righ Reach the Coast
in Safety.
INSURGENTS
RENEW FIGHT
IN COLOMBIA
MATOS' BAND
ON SHORES OF
VENEZUELA
FRIENDS OF THE MODOC LYNCHERS SWEAR VENGEANCE
AGAINST THE MEN WHO HAVE TURNED STATE'S EVIDENCE
Pages 27 to 36
Pases 27to 36
v' ¦JJr >5S^ -^- .ifrrihfsS^iayr uTijTr jrrl ri'MT^rn ¦-*"^ .•¦;.'••¦; a=ii *^ .-^^
SAIST FRANCISCO SUNDAY, JANUARYi 5, 1902.3OS9.' FIRST RACE— Mile and 00 yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. . $325.
Time— -M, :24%; %. :49%; %, 1:10%; m, 1:41; lm 50yds.: 1:44%. Good start. Won eas- t
_ ily.- Second and-third driving. Winner J. Rothert's b. m.,by Mars- Specialty. Had Burns .
*: on Kitty Kelly opened up more of a gap. th<j mare might have .won. Plead showed lm
- provement. Malaise had worked well and ran a fair race. Ulm is peculiar.- McNamara
quit. Osmond may do later on. Mission ran poorly. Einstein ran llko a sick horse.
•Mont Eagle bumped at first turn. Scratched— Lost Girl 106. -
3O9O. SECOND RACE^l%~mnel»rHu^dle~hlndi^pT1ro^
Time — 2:34 ] 4. Good start.' Won first three driving. Winner. Burlingame Stock Farm's ch.
1 , S- by Goldflnch-Carina:'. Finch quite a promising "lepper." Duke of York outgamed.
¦.Henry rode a weak race on Favorite ¦ Archibald bumped and within an ace of losing
his -rider at first obstacle. Solano.wlU do later on. - Scratched— Master Lee 125, Dis
tance 125. ¦ •Feliy . '¦'¦< .. . ¦¦ ' •..-•..: ¦- ' :
3091. THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds r to first, $325?
Time— Vi, :25; %, : :495i; -.%,\1:15%. Good start. VWon easily. V Second and third driving.
AVlnner,.G. Summers &:Co.'a ch.R. by Watercress-Helen Scratch. Winner outclassed his
company. ¦; Others no ' account. -. Scratched^-The ¦ Giver ¦ 113. • ¦'. ' -• . .- • . :
3002^ FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
-U, :23%;:%, :36.. -Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns & Water
se'8 ch. g. .by Altamax-Talluda. Thadde'us is .fast and enjoyed-clear sailing. Favorite
oft before he left the barrier. ¦ He was much .the. best. Venecia absent. Tom Mitchell
.bear watching. > • ' . ¦¦ ¦ ' \. ; , - ..- . . . .. N
' SOFIA. Jan. 4. — Prince Ferdinand has In
trusted ¦ Dr. Daneff. Minister of Foreign Af
falrs. with the task of forming & new Cabi
net
W. H. Taylor Jr. and Joseph S. Tobin
were at the California Club eourts yester
day to try conclusions with the club's ex
perts.
Allen and MacGavin defeated Tobin and
Harry Haight In a slow game by a score
of six to two. In a second match
between Taylor and Allen and Haight and
Tobin the latter team redeemed them
selves by winning a fast contest, 6—3.
What proved the best match of the day
was between Tobin and Taylor and
George Whitney and MacGavin, each
team securing one set, 6—3 and 6 — 0, re
spectively. . Some clever net work by
Taylor and Tobin and terrinc driv
ing: • from the back court by Whit
ney and MacGavin were the features
of this contest. Other scores of the day's
play: Mackenzie and Schmidt beat C. S.
and F. R. Kempff, 6—4, 7—6. Crowell beat
Gardner, 6—3, 6—1, 6—2. ' Stauff and Whit
ney beat C. Smith and Powers, 6—2, 6—3,
7-6, 10— S. Grant Smith beat Wallace. 6—2.
6—3. Mackenzie beat C. S. Kempff, 6—2,
&-3, ZS. 6-3. G. F. Whitney beat Mac-
Gavin, 6—3.
Play in the concluding rounds of the
New Year's tournament will be called at
10:30 o'clock this morning:.
Allen Is expected to make a strong bid
for honors In to-day's tournament, when
the final rounds of the New Tear's
event will be concluded. His opponent,
R. N. Whitney, is conceded to be a much
better player under ordinary conditions;
.but with the handicap of "half thirty"
which he allows his opponent it Is ex
pected the contest will be. replete with
brilliant strokes.
The match in to-day's play-off between
MacGavin and Brown Is creating some in
terest, /as both players are evenly
matched. On past occasions when they
have opposed each other they have played
a star game.
In last year's try-out at the University
of California MacGavin defeated Brown
after a close and exciting match. Since
then Brown defeated MacGavin In the
California State championship tourna
ment. - _ - ¦ ; - - -
Will Allen, who* showed remarkable
form In the tournament on New Year's
day, continued to improve, as was shown
yesterday In his match with J. D. Mac-
Gavin, whom he def eated handily by a
score of 6—0, 6 — L
'.The tennis players spent a busy day oil
the California Club courts yesterday,
many high-class matches being decided.
Whitney and- MacGavin Play
> Tobin and Taylor a
- Tie Match. :
Crowd the Many Courts
of the California
-- Cluk
TENNIS PLAYERS
ARE ENERGETIC
3093.: FIFTH RACE — G% furlongs; Nnglee Selling Stakes; 4-year-clds and up; to first, $1200.
3094. SIXTH RACE--One mile; Bay City Handicap; three-year-olds and up: to first, $500.
Time— y 4 . :23% ; . Vir :47?f ; %. --l'.tS; ! 6%f,: 1 :20'4:' --Good-rstart except rHeadwater. Won first
three driving.;'. Winner, -T', H. 1 ?, Ryan's b.'- g.,by Brutus-Constellation. .' It took, considerable
" out of Candles to. get' to; the -front and she tired -at the -end.-.-- Constellator a good horse to
day. Ordriung-.wiU'jbearywatchins'in future races.; •¦•-Sweet- Tooth had speed. Sly gave It
up. Headwater-propped. ¦•Coupled, with Sweet -.Tooth. ' Scratched — Gusto' 100, Meehanus
110,. The Pride. 109. --•¦ -v- ¦.¦*.'*••'.-:" *;.,......;...,.-. .: .
Time— %, :25%; %. :60; %, 1:14%; mile." 1:40%. Good start. Won first three driving* Win
ner, G. B. Morris" b. g. by Brutus -DecoV Duck. Redfern did his best, but with a stronger
ride Position would have won. The Fretter ran a nice race. Ormonde quit. Andrisa far
from being at her best. ..-•-. • " ""
First race, six furlongs — Severy -won,
Grantor second, Saint Cuthbert third. Time,
1:13. a;;;. '
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan.- 4.— Crescent
City summary:
Alard "Wins Audubon Handicap.
just long enough to stall off the rush. of
Position. Red fern .had been hard at
work on the latter for some time, but the
little -fellow was a trifle light to do the
gelding full justice. .
Second race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards — Sir Florian won, Arak second. Eva Rle^
third. Time, ¦ 1 :42J$.
Third race, handicap, five and a half furlongs
— Marie: Bell won, Amigarl second, Dolcie Far
Neiente third. Time, l:0S.
Fourth race, the Audubon handicap, one mile
and a sixteenth — Alard won. Tayon second Pe
tit Maitre third. Time,. 1:48. sec ?na. «
Fifth race, handicap, one mile— Piedrich won
Velma Clark second. Malay third. Time, l:4l'
Bixth race, selling, one mile and a quarter—
Srd B> Time? 2nol CampUS *^nd. Dal Keith
' WASHINGTON, Jan. ; 4.— C. Howard i Buck
ler • of: Baltimore, formerly ' chief s clerk -, to ¦ the
Third Postma«terJ General, • has been I appointed
chief I of • the ¦ nnan«e ; division >¦ of ! the '. Postof Hce
DefartmenWHHMMHnn ' *: -
;. LONDON, Jan?; 4.— Lord Kitchener; re
ports; to ' the !i"War.> Office '; under date ¦ of
; Johannesburg,^ January 3,"as follows: '
; ''Bruce, Hamilton/ operating to the eaat
.ward.of Ermele' since December = 29, -has
captured 100 .prisoners,', including General
Erasmus." ¦ v . - c • .-. . ; • - -;
:--: The : <War Ofnce"to-day; published an ad
ditional list of forty-five- men wounded at'
Zeef onteln, making ; the total ninety-four.
Hamilton ;Has Made Erasmus
% . ;,-" a Prisoner. , ':"'"¦.'.
Lord ; Kitchener Reports That ' Bruce
BOEH JGKNEBAI* TAKEN"
i, "'.:. BY BRITISH
;". TOPEKA.j Kans., - Jan. 4.— The ) Central
Congregational - Church,' 1 :" the o pastor //of
whichjis the.Rev.C.'M.; Sheldon;, was en
tered: by vandals" last night and badly ;de
faced. •'".¦ Caricatures < were .'drawn on - the
walls . and , furniture and l books' and other
articles ! were v destroyed. '" Several ; small
articles were; stolen. '
Vandals . I>esecrate' a Church.
¦SEATTLE,- Jan.- 4.— The steamer Dol-,
phih .arrived ¦ to-day from Alaska :,with :
news " that k the 'mission ; near ? Ketchikan
was burned * two. weeks" ago ! and : the ' girl
scholars who were sleeping in the building
escaped with, only t their night clothes. > No
lives were lost, but the structure, with its
entire contents, --.was destroyed.
Fire Hazes .Alaskan Mission.
•> In h the • afternoon Justice v Marean ren
dered , another , decision •• upholding the
police ; magistrates. ; > President V ; Alfred
Steers r of • the. Board . of Magistrates ; of
Kings County -.has arranged For a . meet
ing:of,all the rival claimants next Wed
nesday; \ when *, an effort will be « made - to
settle ¦ future • court assignments, provided
no action of ; the Supreme Court is taken
to Interf erel.wlth .the : meeting".
.The validity of, this act was attackedvin
injunction : proceedings. Supremo -Court
Justice Marean in Brooklyn- dissolved the
Injunction on the ground, that: the action
was not properly brought, but held the
opinion, nevertheless, that the law. creat
ing!, the dty magistracies was ' unconsti
tutional. /The injunction proceedings were
brought by appointees of ex-Mayor Van
vvyck against those elected to the citv
magistracies last November. , , -
.v. Relying : upon ; Justice Marean's decision
both the old and^the new magistrates to
day- appeared at , the • several .places of
holding , court to conduct the courts and
ast a result there .was - 1 much confusion
Three, of the police magistrates^ had slept
all the night before in barricaded courts
and one of the new city magistrates was
arrested during the, day by order of the
police magistrate he was supposed to Suc
ceed..There were several other: similar
incidents.,: . \» ¦
j NEW YORK, Jan. 4.-A great legal en
tanglement: was precipitated in the Police
Court of the.bo'rough of Brobklyn'to-day.
The last Legislature passed an; act abol-
Jshing 'police . magistracies fand providing
for the election of city magistrates, whose
functions [ should embrace | those
¦by; the police magistrates." ' f
, JOHNSTOWN, Pa., Jan. 4.-Because of
a wrong signal at -the Nineveh tower late
last, night .the fast eastbound'Pennsylva
nia mail and express train No/14 ran into
a'. slow/freight ahead,'. five : miles ; west of
this city, and a few minutes later a west
bound freight crashed: into" the wreck,
causlrig'the death of four persons and the
serious injury of at least ,. five 'others. ; : . ;._
Train- No. 14 got - a clear ' block at ' the
tower, and : running r - ahead at -full •» speed
crashed into the rear of extra freight No.
490, wrecking the engine and two cars of
No. 14 and. the caboose and two cars of
the, freight. Westbound No. 893 almost
immediately piled into the debris, the en
gine and ten cars tumbling into 'the -river.
The dead are: > . . ;v
JAMES G. BLACK, - engineer - of Nor
893, found dead in his cab; .perhaps
drowned. .. ¦ . . ' ".;¦- . -^
•FIREMAN WILLIAM PAUL, of Pit
cairn, died in hospital- from injuries.
' ROBERT S. NOLAN: of Pltcairn,'. first
brakemanV- V :; - '- ;'". . •¦" >¦ -' "• -~ ¦¦•¦¦-¦¦:
ENGINEER. -JAMES ; WINTERS of
Pittsburg, in charge of No.\ 14. ¦'•->. ; ;.
.- The Injured are: William Steele, fire
man; Edward .¦; Gallagher, brakeman;
George Smith,' brakeman; John: Fogarty,
mail,clerk; '¦ Jesse " E.' " Butler,
These persons, it is; thought, will all re
cover. - .1 . .
The Coroner's jury" found that the
young man came to his death ,at the
hands of "parties unknown." The jurors
were undecided as to ; whether Terry Rog
ers followed an unusual , method" of selfr
destruction or. was the victim. ' of ' a hor
rible 'murder. - Justice -of the -- Peace
Thompson of Keswick Township was evi
dently sattsfled, as to the nature ' of 'the
tragedy. He ' has held John ~ Metcalf ' to
answer for the murder .without bail.tDls
trict Attorney Dozler says : he •' does -not
6ee " that he - can .hold the" prisoner -and
does not realize how the. charge came to
have been placed against Metcalf. J ¦
According to the story told to. Henry
Clineschmidt, the Temple -Hotel landlord,'
by : . Metcalf, the ; prisoner is ' a much
wronged man. ; Metcalf said that instead
of : being an ,- enemy ; of ¦ Rogers, • who ¦ lived
in a ' cabin , on a mining | claim , lying -half
way between Keswick and Keswick Sta
tion, the ownership of' which is contested
by • Metcalf • and Deputy ¦ Constable ' J. . J;
Crum of Keswick, he was his friend. Met
calf had been working as a carpenter at
the .Hart ¦¦ mine, -: across • the Sacramento
River - from ¦ Keswick Station, ; and v when'
arrested he had several sticks ' of "giant
powder in his pocket." He explained their
presence to Clineschmidt by saying \ that ;
he had been to do" some (blast
ing at the Hart property and. carried "off
the dynamite sticks by .;¦-¦ ~ \ -
Deputy Constable Crum -was here from
Keswick this afternoon. = He says that
Metcalf lost the disputed mining- claim
and he bought it at, a; Constable's; sale.
Hard feelings arose over the matter;, and
Metcalf still, 'claims the property. On- New
Year's day Metcalf^ warned, Rogers 'to
Stay away from; the cabin,':, which' the
smelterman had been occupying at Crum's
invitation. . Metcalf v said ;• he i intended 7 - to :
; have It 1 occupied by, men .who ;.were [ going
to /work the. claim -for him. re
ported "the warning ; to:* Crum, who told
him to hold the fort, at all , hazards.-, Met-"
calf's friends say everything points to eui-'
cide, ;V and that the man , under, arrest I could
not be euilty. of 'the awful -crime. -,i
REDDING, Jan. . 4.— The l circumstances
surrounding the tragedy at Keswick are
nothing' if not peculiar. Terry Rogers, a
smelter " employe," was .found ; in. ( his i cabin
in bed, his head blown "away by; a stick
of dynamite. He- either, putrthe explosive
on his neck or chest and lay -watching the
fuse sputter until the crash; came or some
one crept C into his ' cabin as\ he slept,
f)laced the dynamite across his chest and
ighted it.-- - .- i • .
Double Disaster in
'Pennsylvania..
Wrong.;>Signal Causes a
Redding Officials Disa
gree About a Cabin
Tragedy.
Police .Magistrates of
Brooklyn Are in a
Quandary. :
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 4.— Henry
Lambert -was to-day awarded ,$1054 dam
lff,?», by a D ju fi'- Tne defendant was the
Southern Pacific Company. About a vear
hf?* 1^^ 1 ' W , bi ) e d K rfvln S t0 Sant » Bar
bara, was run Into by an engine at a
n2ne^Vi e nJur S e U d mn3erland -. hI ™ k>
Damages Against Railroads.
Inspection of Passengers.
PORT TOWNSEXD, Wash., Jan. 4.—
Under instructions from 'Washington Ur
M. H. Foster, United States Quarantine
Officer for the Puget Sound district, will
inspect all passengers sailing from Port
Townsend and Victoria on Pacific Coast
pteamers for San Francisco, so that no
delay will be caused on arrival at San
Francisco after Inspection hours. A quar
antine officer will be sent to Victoria to
inspect passengers boarding vessels at
that port. ¦ . -.* rri^s.'
LEGAL TANGLE
HALTS JUSTICE
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO A WRECK
Youth Who Eloped With Ruby Luck
hardt May Be Captured in
Mexico.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.-F. R. Luch
hardt Is so confident that John Baltimore
N. Flood is the abductor of his 16-year
old sister. Ruby, and that Flood is the
person who caused to be taken from him
all of the papers proving heirship and
title to a $20,000 estate in Mexico, that
to-day Ire swore to a complaint charging
Flood with grand larceny.
When Miss Luckhardt disappeared last
Tuesday morning it was soon discovered
that all the documents proving title and
management of the Mexican estate of
which she is joint heir with her brother
had disappeared. Luckhardt not
fear that Flood can make any successful
claim to the estate, but the work and ex
pense of obtaining these necessary docu
ments are valued at $5000.
'Flood's age is stated at from 20 - to 25
years. He was -for some time in. the cm
ploy of the Los Angeles Railway Com
pany as a conductor, and bore • a good
reputation. He claimed. to be from Rich
mond," Va., the scion;of an old familv
The alleged wife of Flood, a young and
pretty widow who it is claimed he mar
ried but three : weeks ago, has told tl«e
police that her husband ran away with
$S00 of her money.
Luckhardt means to run down his sis
ter's abductor, .and he is convinced that
the runaway pair can be found in Mexico
.He will leave at once for Tia Juana
Mexico. - '
GK AND LAECTENY ADDED
TO ABDUCTION CHARGE
Open stake; first round — Kelley & Hanley's
Naughty Girl beat J. Learmouth's Wee Waves,
6-2; J. Carroll's Maester'CJalr beat J. H. Mc-
Neil's Black Hawk, 14-6; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat El Neave's First Foot. 4-0; K. Short
etag's Crawford Lass beat H. Lyneh's Lilac,
4-3; P. M. Clarkson's Sofala beat Pasha Ken
nels' Regal, Attire, 17-12; J. Dempaey's Jingle
Bells beat W. Cairns' Imperial, 6-2; J. Shea's
Slim beat J. P. Sweeney's Cottage Lass, 21-15;
D. J. Healey*s Fine Form beat F. Rosenberg
er's Master Bly. 17-0; H. Lyneh's Black Bart
beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Sara, 6-2; H. Lynch' s
Lottie M beat T. Cox's Crockett Hill, 17-8;
W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick beat P. Stein
hofTs Veto, 8-1; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face
beat J. H. Muller's Cruiser. 6-4; George Shar
man's Sir Pasha beat E. Geary's Roy Hughle,'
fi-0; W. H. Robinson's Rosie Freedom beat
S. A. Smith's Petronius, 5-0;- L. . S. Barre's
•Amedee beat Pasha Kennels' Real .A-ristocrat.
•5-3: Sterl & Knowles" : Sleety Mist beat C- O.
Peterson's Lady Nellie, 0-0; Sterl & Knowles'
Oleta beat J. Hurley's Gramercy, 8-1; F.
Rosenberger's My Nell beat H. Perlgo's Penne 1 
grant. U-«; D. J. Heaiey's .Elista beat George.
Sherman's Chicago Boy, 10-8; Pasha Kennels'
Rocker beat Ed Neave's Wedding Bells, 14-11;
George Knltrht's Shadow beat D. Dillon's" Eu
ropa. 4-O; J. -J. Kec nan's Dread Not beat; E.
Reddy'n Full Moon. 5-1; C. Bonar's WlId'Norai
beat C. O. Peterson's Haphazard, .3-6; D.
Henry's Alks Louise beat L. S. Barre's Boodle
Boy. 1S-15; George Kethercott's Red Rock beat
M, R. Parkinson's Ben Lomond. 2G-6; George
Sharman'g St. Ives beat George Nethercott's
Hickory Dick, 3-1: T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy
beat E. Geary's Bonnie Huehie. 10-8; P
noyle's Thelma beat George Nethercotfa Freda'
C, 8-6; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle beat Pasha
Kennels' Real Article, 17-9; Q. Zahl's Miss
Wilson beat W. Calms' Gold t>re, 12-3- E
Geary's America beat C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud, 8-4; Ed Neave's Spiteful beat J. M
Halton's May Hempstead, 8-4; George Shar
mar.'s Royal Flush beat E. Geary's Minnie
Sankey. 25-12; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist
a bye; George Graham's Lady Newark beat
D. G. Frantz's Dorothy M, 7-3; Pasha Ken
nels' Rich Argosy beat George Sharman's
Black Flush, 7-5; J. Dowllng's Sir Lawrence
beat J. W. Fahey*s October Lad 13-7; A.
Vandertvhite's Lear King beat J. Hurley's
Living Picture. 3-1; H. H. Gray's Rona beat
P. M. Clarkson'g Promnto. 25-18.
Amedee is first choice for stake honors
in the Ions odds book at 5 to 1. Olita
and Rocker follow at 6, and Fine'Form,
Tom Hurlick. Sir Pasha, Elista and
America at S to 1. Outsiders look to have
a good chance to figure at the finish.
Likely winners In the second round are
Master Clair, Crawford Lass, Jingle
Bells, Fine Form, Black Bart, Tom Hur
lick. Sir Pasha, Amedee, Olita, Rocker,
Shadow, Wild Norah, St. Ifcs, Tralee
Boy, Miss Wilson, America, Rural Artist,
Rich Arsrosy and Sir Lawrence.
In the Inaugural stake Rector is quoted
at 3 to 1, Tiburon at 4, Charta at 5 and
Cold Shivers. Freeze Out, Little Sister
andy Wedgewood at 6 to 1.
Following" are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Full Moon, at 1 to 5, laid off and lost
to Dread Not. In a long, hard race Alice
Louise beat Boodle Boy at 1 to 3, and
then Thelma, through lavor of the hare,
outworked the stake possibility. Freda C,
at 1 to 6. Rich Argosy's defeat of Black
Flush at 1 to 3, St.' Ives' quick victory
over Hickory Dick, and Fannie Hughie
outgaining Real Article at 1 to 2, added
more misery to • the lot of the men of
money.
Rosle Freedom was the first to • break
the monotony for the pikers. Petronius
was her opponent, and the wise ones fig
ured him an easy winner. Five -to one
was auoted that he would outpoint the
fast daughter of For Freedom, but that
somewhat "erratic - performer was in
coursing humor and took the flag with
out allowing Petrdnius to score!
In the nineteenth trial Elista out
worked Chicago Boy, a 1 to 2 choice.
From that time the talent had to weather
a hard storm. Every second course re
sulted contrary -to the' judgment of the
wise ones, and in several instances were
expensive enough to be annoying. .
7
The run-down of the 78-dog open stake
at Union Coursing Park, yesterday, result
ed In many .hard-fought and interesting
trials.
The hares were strong and took their
pursuers several limit . courses. During
the first half of the"stake the. talent had
easy sailing, but one short end being re
corded up to the eighteenth course. '
NationalsjDefeat All- Americas
by a Score of
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 4.— Miss Joan
Dessner and Thomas M. Edwards of San
Francisco were married here to-day. Ed
wards met Miss d'Essner on Market street
yesterday by chance and the couple de
cided to elope. They went to Petaluma
last right on the steamer Gold, where
they were the guests of Mr. and. Mrs.
John Morris. To-day, accompanied N bv
Mrs. Morris, they came to the countv
seat and were quietly wedded by Judge
Erown. The groom is an architect, with
an office in San Francisco, but his homo
is in £an Mateo.
Joan Dessner and They Wed
in Santa Rosa.
,. I L'? be ' Waddell and Lee will do the
pitching In to-day's 'game between the vis
iting tearr.r:.
ARCHITECT EDWABDS
riGUHES IN ELOFEMEXT
Goes to Sonoma County With Miss
Runs responsible for — Bernhard . 2. ¦ Schmidt
1. Two-baee hits — Lajoie. Beckley. Sacrifice
hits— Steinfeldt. Hulen, Schmidt. First base
on errors — AIS-Amerlcas 2, Nationals 2. First
base on called halls — All-Americas 4. • Left on
bases — All-Americas S. Netionals 3. Struck
cut— By Bernhard 1, by Schmidt 2. Hit by
pitcher— Irwin, Sullivan. Double plays — Stein
feldt to Mertes to Beckley; Pickering to Lajoie:
Mertes to Beckley to Steinfeldt. Time of game
— 1:30. Umpire— J. McDonald. Official scorer
— Harry Cashman.
SUMMARY.
. In the fourth inning the first three men
up were safe, tilling the bases. —By clever
work the Nationals prevented them from
scoring. Sullivan flew to deep center and
the ball was lielded so well the man on
thJrd remained there as if anchored. Bern
¦ hard struck out and Pickering flew out.
¦ The Nationals did not score until the
fifth inning, when they bunched their hits
and sent three men home. Beckley was
safe at first; Steinfeldt hit past shortstop,
een31ng Beckley to third. McHale hit
over second, scoring Beckley and Stein
feldt. Schmidt was out at f rst on a sac
rifice hit. Van Haltren singled, scoring
McHaie. Hulea retired , the side, going
out at first.
Beckley scored. the last run of the game
for the Nationals in the seventh. He sent
the ball out to the housetop at center
field. It dropped back into the lot and he
made only two bases on the hit. McHaie
hit to shortstop, who fielded it home to
head off Beckley. The latter ran back
tow.ird third. In throwing the ball Sulli
van hit Beckley with It and it rolled off
toward shortstop. He sent it to the plate.
Bernhard, who was "backing up" Sulli
van, dropped it, allowing Beckley to score.
The score:
ALL-AMERICAS.
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering. 1. f 4 1,-0 0 2 1 0
Barrett, c. t 4 12 0 4 0 1
Frater. r. 1 4 0 10 2 0 O
I-aJoJe, 21} 4 O 1 O 4 5 1
Davis, 1b. 3 0 0 0 13 1 0
Bradley. 3b 3 0 1 0 1 4 0
Irwin. s. e .3 0 10 0 4 ;i l
Sullivan, c 30 1 0 1 4 0
Ecrnhsrd. p 4 0 0 0 0 01
Totals 3G "2 T 0 27 19 4
XATIOXALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Yen Haltren, c f 4 0 2 0 3 12
Hulen. 3b 3 0 11110
Mertes, 2b .....4 0 0.07 3 0
Chance, c 4 0 00 2 00
Lee. r. f ............ 4 • © 0 0^ 0 O •:©
Beckley. lb ..4 2 2 ©-'- 8 10
PteSnfeldt, 8. b S 1 O O 1 3 0
McHaie. I. f 211 05 0 1
Schmidt, p r-«2. 0-0 0. -0 I \0
Totals . ... .......30 "'• 4 ¦ G 1 27 10 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Nationals ........ 00 0 0 30 1 0 0 — t
Base hits 1 0 0 03 Oil O — 6
All-Americas 2 0 0O0000 0 2
Bate hlu 3 0 110200 0—7
The »A1I-Americas started well, scoring
their two runs in the first inning. Picker
ing, the first man up. was given a pass:
Barrett, the reliable, singled and went to
second on Van Haltren's error. Fraser
hit safely, scoring Pickering. Fraser
thought he could reach second ahead of
the ball, but he failed. Lajoie lined out
a two-bagger, sending Barrett home. The
next two men went out, retiring the side.
In the fourth inning, with the bases full
and no one out, the All-Americas could
not score owing to the clever .fielding of
the Nationals. There were an unusual
number of brilliant catches during the
game. JtcHale, Chance. Van Haltren and
Barrett being the principal performers.
Lajoie made his first error since he came
to this city. He also struck out. To off
set this he had four putouts and five as
sists to his credit.
There were several thrills in the base
ball game at Recreation Park yesterday
jsetween the Nationals and the All-Amer
icas. The former won by a score of 4 to 2.
Short Ends Figure Often in
the Run Down at -
Union Park.
MYSTERY VEILS
SHASTA DEATH
Lee Jackson 'on Duckoy just snatched
the verdict from Position by a nose at
the conclusion of the Bay City handicap,
over a mile,- with seven starting. Beau
Ormonde framed up the pace for over
half the route, after which he tendered
his apologies. The Fretter was in turn
passed by Duckoy, which horse lasted
With The Giver scratched from the
fourth event, it left a practical walkover
for Waterscratch. The chestnut was held
a 1 to 5 chance and won hard held from
Legal Maxim and San »Lution. Senator
Bruce was. the only other starter. "
• Foucon, the- old-time- rider, made his
debut as a hurdle rider in this part of
the . country and piloted the winner in
Finch, a 10 to 1 shot. Foucon , took the
outsider out in front from : the time the
barrier was released and finished more
than a length before. Duke, of York, the
second choice, at the. wire. At the first
jump "Stew" Peters, -astride Phil Archi
bald, the favorite, was bumped and un
seated, but managed to climb back into
the saddle. His . chances, however, were
ruined. RAt -the second obstacle Sam
Green made a mistake, dumping Evans
overboard. Taking the last hurdle St.
Anthony .fell and Alviso had a hard tum
ble. Both riders escaped I with -a few
trivial bruises. ... . ,1 ¦ ... .
: Although -a mile and fifty yards looked
a trifle far for ¦ hpr, Kitty Kelly appa
rently possessed the speed .: of the big
bunch of platers starting in the: opening
event. and. closed favorite.. She made all
the running,, but at the end was collared
and beaten easily by Plead, : an '8 ' to • 1
shot, ridden by Hoar. Malaise was third.
The Naglee selling stake at six and -a
half furlongs resulted in a victory for
Constellator, a 12 to 1 shot, ridden by
Ransch, which beat Tower of Candles,
the second choice, a head. The latter
mare cut out the pace with her 93 pounds
in /ths saddle and only at the paddock
began' showing distress signals. . Fitz
kanet finished third, a neck before Ord
nung. A barrel of coin went up in smoke
on Headwater, which, coupled with Sweet
Tooth, came in for a fierce play, at odds
of 8 to 5. When the barrier v/as released
Headwater propped with Buchanan and
was left: The stake was worth $1200 to
the winner. ! ' .¦ '. .
Constellator First by a Head.
A Certainty f or Waterscratch.
The race in question looked a two
horse affair, and of course, with The
Giver in a "dopey" state, it would have
been a certainty for Waterscratch. How
ever, it may develop that the three-year
old was only suffering from some ailment
common to the equine species.
Strangely enough," several years ago,
while the Bay District track was in
operation, Owner Boots had a horse
doped, which fact caused quite a sensa
tion at the time. Lucrezla Borgia, owned
by Elmwood farm, was matched against
Seraphim, backed by W. S. Hall, since de
ceased. The/ night preceding the race a
colored boy named "Cuba" gave the filly
an opiate of some kind. Danny Lynch
was accused of having a hand in the af
fair, and the case came up in the police
court, but a political pull was brought to
bear, fortunately for the offending per
sons, and the matter, was eventually
quashed. • .
There were many surprises in store for
the big crowd yesterday; in, fact. Water
scratch alone upheld the reputation of
the favorites, and he *as held a prohibi
tive 1 to 5 chance. Plead, Finch, Thad
deus, Constellator and Duckoy were /ill
quoted at fancy odds. s
On Friday evening, when the employes
of the stable answered dinner call. The
Giver was playing, about in his stall ap
parently in the best of spirits. Otf their
return' one of, the men -opened the stall
and found the colt frothing at the mouth,
fVetful and nervous and with: no inclina
tion to nibble at his feed. Charles Boots
referred the case to the track officials
yesterday and Dr. Talbot examined the
colt. ' The veterinary said that while : the
symptoms indicated that some sort of a
decoction had been given the colt, his
condition was not dangerous. The mat
ter is under investigation. Dr. . 5"albot
said that by to-day he would probably be
able to determine positively whether or
not the animal's condition was superin
duced by a drug.
Later on it developed that Owner Boots
scratched The' Giver because her feared
the colt had been poisoned... From 'all', ac-r
counts there appears to be some founda
tion for his fears. " ' i . '
NINE out of ten of the Saturday
• throng | of racegoers to Oakland
track were nearly, as much-: in-'
terested in the T meeting *of " 'the
: two clever three-year^blds, The
Giver and Waterscratch. .in '¦the ¦fourth
race 'on the card, as.they were, in' the
outcome of the Naglee; selling:, stake.
Judge of their keen disappointment, then';
when it was, discovered that The Giver
was a non-starter, having been scratched.
Curtis' Hound Is Picked
to Win Inaugural
Ol/dK6.
•
Clever " Fielder Offsets
This- by Accepting
Nine Chances.
LAJOIE MAKES
HIS FIRST ERROR
SPEEDY RECTOR
IDLES FAVORITE
CONSTELLATOR WINS THE NAGLEE SELLING STAKES BY A HEAD
LAWYER DEFEATS
A SOLDIER BOLD
They Meet in Deciding
Game of a Golf
Tournament.
San Francisco Club Elect3 Its
Council for the Ensuing
The tie between Captain IX J. Rum
baugh and Warren Gregory for first prize
in the thirty -six-hole golf handicap on
New Tear's day was played off yesterday
on the Presidio links. It was won by
Gregory after a close and interesting con
test by two strokes. The scores were as
follows:
Warren Gregory— .._-..- s .»
Out 6 4 4 5 5 4 5 O 8 — 15
In . .8 5 5 4 5 S 6 4 8— IB
Total -. ". .... •
Ia..V...:.:..6 5 e 8 I 4 6 6 7-5O
Total • M
As Captain Rumbangh's handicap for
eighteen holes was eight and Warren
Gregory's six, Captain Bumbaugh re
ceived two strokes from Gregory, who
won by the narrow margin of two strokes.
Warren Gregory carried off the silver
mounted berry bowl, and Captain.RUm
baugrh annexed the spirit decanter.
The annual meeting of. the San Francis
co Golf Club was held yesterday at the
clubhouse. The report of the secretary
and treasurer showed the club to be In ex
cellent financial condition, with a. full
membership and many names on the wait
ing list. The nominating committee, H.
B. Goodwjn and Leonard Chenery. hand
ed In the following nominations for mem
bers of the council for the coming year:
J. W. Byrne, Andrew Carrigan, warren
Gregory, W. E. Lester and Lansing O.
Kellogg. These nominees were elected.
At the first meeting of the* council the of
ficers will be chosen from among them.
Professionals on the links.
TLOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— A tMrty-slx
holo golf tournament for professionals
was played on the Pasadena Country Club
links to-day. A number at well-known
Eastern experts took part. The match
was for a pur3e and was won by Alexan
der Smith, who entered from Corqnado.
Willie Smith, Hotel Green, Pasadena, and
Arthur Rlgby, Los Angeles Country Club,
tied for second honors. Following are the
scores of the first six players i Alexander
Smith, 160; Willie Smith and A- Rigby, 164
each- David Bell, 165; Alexander Baxter,
166; William Anderson, 175.
¦WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— Admiral Dewey.
who leaves for Florida next week with Mrs.
Dewey who la 111. ealled on. President Roose
velt to-day to bid him good-by and express his
regret that ho will bet unableto be present at
the State functions at the White House this
winter.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5.' 1902.
28
Entire Matter Now Under Investigation by the Oakland Track Offi
xials;—Long- Shots via the Betting Nearly Sweep; the. Card.
Duckoy Leads f^ositidri Out a Nose: fpn^the Bay City Handicap
ALLOW "THE G I VE R" TO BE DRWN
BECAUSE OF SUSPECTED POISONING
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Saturday, Jan. 4.— Weather fine. Track fast.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Index
Bettins.
Op. Cl.
Horse. A^e. i Weight.
St. '
' %.
%.
Str.
Fin:
Owner and Jockey.
3070 rieid, 4 ....... .101 11
3066 Kitty Kelly, 5 106 3
3049 Malaise, a .. ....100 1
3070 Ulm, 5 ...:... ...108 0
3081 McNamara, 5 .,..113 4
;:i)36 Osmond. 6 .f.... 108 10
307« Expedient, 6 108 2
(3052) Mission, 5 ...:.. 113 5
3070 (Einstein, 6 : 110 7 :
3042 Bagdad, 5......10S S
(29S7)|Mont Eagle.JS^.li;; 0
Oh 6 1 215J1 IVj
1 VA 1 2\i 1 h 2 6
3 h 2:h 3 h 3 %
8h71 6 1 ¦ 4 n. '
5 h 3 1 4 J/4 6 3
7111 71 6h
. 4 V» 4 h 0 -h 7 1
2 n 5 hi 8 2 8 1.
O.h-10 1 0 10 1
10 2 8 h 10 4 10 0 P
11 U 1 11 11
J.' Rothert Hoar
W. 'L. '- Btanfleld.'. . Burna
Musto & Rulz.-Blrkenrh
Holcomb & Smith. .Trox
Magrane & Co..Bullman
C. W. ChappelLJ. Woods
P. E. Smith J. Daly
James Wilson.. .McGinn
L ' Levy ........ M ounce
H. Lv Haskeli:..Jack8on
C. P. Fink Ran3ch
4 "
3
:' s ' 6 C'
6
. 80
. 1& '
10
8
' 8 -¦
8
' 8
~\4
S
9-2
8
15
30
20
12
' 8
' 12
"¦ I- I
Index Horse. Age, -Weight. St.
Std.
' %•
Str.
Owner and Jockey.
I Betting.
I Op. •..«.
Fin.
3084 Finch,- 5 ' . . .125 3
3070 Duke York II, a.. 133 2
.... Solano.'a,.... .-...130 5
(3054) Favorito, 5 .'. . . .150 G
.3037 Rio Chico. 6..... 130 1
3054 Phil Archibald, 4.133 4-
1S05 Rosalbra,- a : . . 130 8
3054 St.' Anthony 5.:. 120 0.
J054 Sam Green, 5 135 7
1 1
2 1
4 V*
3 1 •
0 4
6 4
7 10
2 10
\'Vi
3 8
. 6 10
4 2
5 6
i7 10
8
' 1'5 12 ' Burllngame Farm.Foucn
2 20 2 25 I." Morehouse ...Mattier |
3 8 3 C G. Lapham ....Higgins
1 4 h 4 Vt- Klunder & Burns. Henry
5 B .6 10 Frisco S tables. McMahon
6 1 ' 6 1 J. M. Crane & Co. Peters 8
7 ' 7 D. McCarty Brodie
• ...' John' Kane ...... Alviso
... ... Frank Duffy ..... Evans
6
3
15
3 .
0
" 4
G
15
5_
10
0-2
20
. . *
C
5-2
12
40
9-2
Index [Horse
¦ and -
'? Weight.] St.
".%;
%..
• Str. '_..
. 'Fin.
Owner and Jockey.' .
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
.... Thaddeus ..: 115 2
3072 Artvls :. .....113 8 '
3072 Prince . Eugene . . .113 1
3079 Tom Mitchell • . . .110 4 .
3072 Hudson .......... 11 1 ' '¦ (i
3072 Clarlnette ... . . . .110 11
3072 Past Master . : . .113 5
3072 Venecia .......... 110 fl
Orfeo ....:.... ...118 10
(.'5079) Montezuma ..:... 118 7 •
3072 Little Margaret. ..110 3
3072 Arabo ........... 11.3 1.3
. . .*. [Narcissus H5 12 -¦¦
3 1 *
" 2 1
.4 1 :
5 3
n 63
• ;-7;2 •
M.Sl
: 9 i
1 10 i a
11^2
12 4.
IS -
V 1 . % ' . Burns - &~ Waterhs.Spenr|
K 2% : G. B. -Morris.. O'Connor
3 % • M. ¦•-Allmitn-. '. . . . .Troxler
r 4 % . G. P. McNeil.. A. Kelly
. 5 4> B. ! Schreiber .'". ..Jackson .
63 ' Burlingame . Fann..'.Blrk ¦
72^4 Chinn & Forsy the. Burns
¦•8 1- Baldwin &".- Co. .Ransom
¦ 01 ,, W. O'B. Macdori'gh.Bull
:10 1 Long & Capps..E. • Jones
11 8,, Caesar Young.. .Mounce
12 0 W. B. Jennings. .'. Woods
13 G. Van Gorden.McCarty
C ' 10
S-5 11-10
20 30
25 40
. 15 15
30 ' 30
10 12
8 10
5 10
3 16-5
30 30
15 15
15 30
index
Horse '
' and ;
'Weight. St.
¦¦%.
%:
Str.;
Fin.
OwneVand Jockey. ¦
Betting.
Op. Cl.
3020 Waterscratch ....111 1.
:tO73 Legal Maxim. ... .108 4 ;
30<;i San Lutlon.. ...... 105 2 .
3067 Senator Bruce.. ..108 8
3 3
2 % •
•'•'¦1 2
2 4 ¦- .
3 3
-4
1 :%V
.12,
3 5
Ay -'
2 14
11.
2 «"
3 5
4 ?¦¦¦
Summers & Co. .Bullman '
Jones \ & Co ... Buchanan .
¦ James! WHsbn::. McGinn :
Clayton.- & Co Troxler .
1-4
4
.•:'-i2
.^12
1-5
7
16
20
Index
Horse. '.Age. .WelBht.JSti,
" '.&:¦: ;
: 'M- ".-
;. Str.
Fin. • 1 '\
Owner and Jockey.
Betting.
Op. -Cl.
3062 Constellator. 5...101 4 4 W~
(3059) T:'. of Candles, 4.. '93 --8 ¦ 1 •%•'.
3069 Fitzkanet,' 4.......103 5 = 6 4£-
3058 Ordnungr. 6..7....107 3. 2%V
3062 SweetVTooth. 4... 09 ,7 ¦ -5 V,'.;
SOtii! Goal .Runner, . C..110 2 71;-..
!'«.{ Sly.H a..'..i,..v. ,.107 1- - 3 1
swa* Grafter. i*4. -•.:.-¦.-. -105 ;s. ;' 8 ; : --
:!027 Headwater, 6,. : j!07 I>eft . :,.
• S. 2 • 4 ¦ 1 > 1- h x: H. Ryan . '. :. : . Ranscli
,•14 . 1:1, 2 114 Caesar Young... Jackson
:.7'1- '.52 >¦ 3 n ¦ W. M. Rogers... Troxler *
.. 2 n 2 h 4 M, J. W. . Schorr. . J. Woods
; 5 % 3h;»- 5.1 K L. : V. ¦ Bell : ..¦.'....» Dunn
,- 8' .¦.¦• r -6:i^j;«!'2- i J Alaska Stable. ...Mounce
,4 i4"r2-*7.8 '. D. M.Han!on.. O'Connor -
V«-%/. 8r ,'.-¦.' 8 ,,:¦.*;. Ln A.-^Blaainsame.Bams - :
... .:.._... •¦•¦- Jones & Co.. .Buchanan /
6
4
* 8
6
. 8
¦. 5
: 12
1 •
8
7-2
15
9
8-5
20
0
15
•
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
st. ; -,
vi-%;Y
'<%:
'. : ..-.'.
'Stn' : '
Fin.
Owner and Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(3051) Duckoy. 5 102 7 -.4 Vi *3 % 2 n - 1 ns G. ¦ B. Morris. ...Jackson
(.1056) Position, 5... lOfi G. 7' -• : 6 2 2-2 2 D. S. Fountain. .Redfern
3074 The Fretter.' 6. . .105 1 2 2' 2 Vi In 8 4 F. J.O'Rourke.:. Burns
300S Beau Ormonde. 4. 97 '.i • 1.1%1-1%'4 4 V.4 2 • W., McDonough . Ransch
.... Frangible, .5...... 100 .2 5 n. 7. 5 2 5 2 F. D. Boas Hoar
3075 Orleans, 4...'....; 90 5 6 %" 5 1 6 1 G 1 J. Burrows J.Daly
3050 Andrisa. 5. . .•...:. 100 4 3 1 -4 h 7 7 Jennings & Co.. J. Woods
8
• . 3
3
5-2
15
10
5-2
5
. 18-5
4
13-5
60
.13
.4
Index
Bettins.
Op. Cl.
Horse. A^e. i Weight.
St. '
' %.
%.
Str.
Fin:
Owner and Jockey.
3070 rieid, 4 ....... .101 11
3066 Kitty Kelly, 5 106 3
3049 Malaise, a .. ....100 1
3070 Ulm, 5 ...:... ...108 0
3081 McNamara, 5 .,..113 4
;:i)36 Osmond. 6 .f.... 108 10
307« Expedient, 6 108 2
(3052) Mission, 5 ...:.. 113 5
3070 (Einstein, 6 : 110 7 :
3042 Bagdad, 5......10S S
(29S7)|Mont Eagle.JS^.li;; 0
Oh 6 1 215J1 IVj
1 VA 1 2\i 1 h 2 6
3 h 2:h 3 h 3 %
8h71 6 1 ¦ 4 n. '
5 h 3 1 4 J/4 6 3
7111 71 6h
. 4 V» 4 h 0 -h 7 1
2 n 5 hi 8 2 8 1.
O.h-10 1 0 10 1
10 2 8 h 10 4 10 0 P
11 U 1 11 11
J.' Rothert Hoar
W. 'L. '- Btanfleld.'. . Burna
Musto & Rulz.-Blrkenrh
Holcomb & Smith. .Trox
Magrane & Co..Bullman
C. W. ChappelLJ. Woods
P. E. Smith J. Daly
James Wilson.. .McGinn
L ' Levy ........ M ounce
H. Lv Haskeli:..Jack8on
C. P. Fink Ran3ch
4 "
3
:' s ' 6 C'
6
. 80
. 1& '
10
8
' 8 -¦
8
' 8
~\4
S
9-2
8
15
30
20
12
' 8
' 12
"¦ I- I
Index Horse. Age, -Weight. St.
Std.
' %•
Str.
Owner and Jockey.
I Betting.
I Op. •..«.
Fin.
3084 Finch,- 5 ' . . .125 3
3070 Duke York II, a.. 133 2
.... Solano.'a,.... .-...130 5
(3054) Favorito, 5 .'. . . .150 G
.3037 Rio Chico. 6..... 130 1
3054 Phil Archibald, 4.133 4-
1S05 Rosalbra,- a : . . 130 8
3054 St.' Anthony 5.:. 120 0.
J054 Sam Green, 5 135 7
1 1
2 1
4 V*
3 1 •
0 4
6 4
7 10
2 10
\'Vi
3 8
. 6 10
4 2
5 6
i7 10
8
' 1'5 12 ' Burllngame Farm.Foucn
2 20 2 25 I." Morehouse ...Mattier |
3 8 3 C G. Lapham ....Higgins
1 4 h 4 Vt- Klunder & Burns. Henry
5 B .6 10 Frisco S tables. McMahon
6 1 ' 6 1 J. M. Crane & Co. Peters 8
7 ' 7 D. McCarty Brodie
• ...' John' Kane ...... Alviso
... ... Frank Duffy ..... Evans
6
3
15
3 .
0
" 4
G
15
5_
10
0-2
20
. . *
C
5-2
12
40
9-2
index
Horse '
' and ;
'Weight. St.
¦¦%.
%:
Str.;
Fin.
OwneVand Jockey. ¦
Betting.
Op. Cl.
3020 Waterscratch ....111 1.
:tO73 Legal Maxim. ... .108 4 ;
30<;i San Lutlon.. ...... 105 2 .
3067 Senator Bruce.. ..108 8
3 3
2 % •
•'•'¦1 2
2 4 ¦- .
3 3
-4
1 :%V
.12,
3 5
Ay -'
2 14
11.
2 «"
3 5
4 ?¦¦¦
Summers & Co. .Bullman '
Jones \ & Co ... Buchanan .
¦ James! WHsbn::. McGinn :
Clayton.- & Co Troxler .
1-4
4
.•:'-i2
.^12
1-5
7
16
20
Index
Horse. '.Age. .WelBht.JSti,
" '.&:¦: ;
: 'M- ".-
;. Str.
Fin. • 1 '\
Owner and Jockey.
Betting.
Op. -Cl.
3062 Constellator. 5...101 4 4 W~
(3059) T:'. of Candles, 4.. '93 --8 ¦ 1 •%•'.
3069 Fitzkanet,' 4.......103 5 = 6 4£-
3058 Ordnungr. 6..7....107 3. 2%V
3062 SweetVTooth. 4... 09 ,7 ¦ -5 V,'.;
SOtii! Goal .Runner, . C..110 2 71;-..
!'«.{ Sly.H a..'..i,..v. ,.107 1- - 3 1
swa* Grafter. i*4. -•.:.-¦.-. -105 ;s. ;' 8 ; : --
:!027 Headwater, 6,. : j!07 I>eft . :,.
• S. 2 • 4 ¦ 1 > 1- h x: H. Ryan . '. :. : . Ranscli
,•14 . 1:1, 2 114 Caesar Young... Jackson
:.7'1- '.52 >¦ 3 n ¦ W. M. Rogers... Troxler *
.. 2 n 2 h 4 M, J. W. . Schorr. . J. Woods
; 5 % 3h;»- 5.1 K L. : V. ¦ Bell : ..¦.'....» Dunn
,- 8' .¦.¦• r -6:i^j;«!'2- i J Alaska Stable. ...Mounce
,4 i4"r2-*7.8 '. D. M.Han!on.. O'Connor -
V«-%/. 8r ,'.-¦.' 8 ,,:¦.*;. Ln A.-^Blaainsame.Bams - :
... .:.._... •¦•¦- Jones & Co.. .Buchanan /
6
4
* 8
6
. 8
¦. 5
: 12
1 •
8
7-2
15
9
8-5
20
0
15
•
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
st. ; -,
vi-%;Y
'<%:
'. : ..-.'.
'Stn' : '
Fin.
Owner and Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(3051) Duckoy. 5 102 7 -.4 Vi *3 % 2 n - 1 ns G. ¦ B. Morris. ...Jackson
(.1056) Position, 5... lOfi G. 7' -• : 6 2 2-2 2 D. S. Fountain. .Redfern
3074 The Fretter.' 6. . .105 1 2 2' 2 Vi In 8 4 F. J.O'Rourke.:. Burns
300S Beau Ormonde. 4. 97 '.i • 1.1%1-1%'4 4 V.4 2 • W., McDonough . Ransch
.... Frangible, .5...... 100 .2 5 n. 7. 5 2 5 2 F. D. Boas Hoar
3075 Orleans, 4...'....; 90 5 6 %" 5 1 6 1 G 1 J. Burrows J.Daly
3050 Andrisa. 5. . .•...:. 100 4 3 1 -4 h 7 7 Jennings & Co.. J. Woods
8
• . 3
3
5-2
15
10
5-2
5
. 18-5
4
13-5
60
.13
.4
Index [Horse
¦ and -
'? Weight.] St.
".%;
%..
• Str. '_..
. 'Fin.
Owner and Jockey.' .
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
.... Thaddeus ..: 115 2
3072 Artvls :. .....113 8 '
3072 Prince . Eugene . . .113 1
3079 Tom Mitchell • . . .110 4 .
3072 Hudson .......... 11 1 ' '¦ (i
3072 Clarlnette ... . . . .110 11
3072 Past Master . : . .113 5
3072 Venecia .......... 110 fl
Orfeo ....:.... ...118 10
(.'5079) Montezuma ..:... 118 7 •
3072 Little Margaret. ..110 3
3072 Arabo ........... 11.3 1.3
. . .*. [Narcissus H5 12 -¦¦
3 1 *
" 2 1
.4 1 :
5 3
n 63
• ;-7;2 •
M.Sl
: 9 i
1 10 i a
11^2
12 4.
IS -
V 1 . % ' . Burns - &~ Waterhs.Spenr|
K 2% : G. B. -Morris.. O'Connor
3 % • M. ¦•-Allmitn-. '. . . . .Troxler
r 4 % . G. P. McNeil.. A. Kelly
. 5 4> B. ! Schreiber .'". ..Jackson .
63 ' Burlingame . Fann..'.Blrk ¦
72^4 Chinn & Forsy the. Burns
¦•8 1- Baldwin &".- Co. .Ransom
¦ 01 ,, W. O'B. Macdori'gh.Bull
:10 1 Long & Capps..E. • Jones
11 8,, Caesar Young.. .Mounce
12 0 W. B. Jennings. .'. Woods
13 G. Van Gorden.McCarty
C ' 10
S-5 11-10
20 30
25 40
. 15 15
30 ' 30
10 12
8 10
5 10
3 16-5
30 30
15 15
15 30
] HOW /CURE % \
• WFAK PUNY MFN !
• ''Give me a man broken down from excesses, dissipation, hard work •
2 , or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow
5 my advice for three months and I will make him as /Vigorous in every. re- 9
0 spect as any man of his age. . **
% I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never a
Q intended by nature to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make O
• better than he is; but theman who has been strong and has lost his •
® strength I can make as good as he ever was. #
5 -, I can give back to any, man what he has lost by abuse of the 'laws of •
q nature/ . '¦; -¦' ®
q . . '¦.' A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps 2
© badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who Is eaafly dls- S
• couraged,' inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost am- •
O bition and enerpry to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity •
2 which the Dr. McLaasrhlin Electric Belt supplies." ... O
S The. whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your anl- •
5 mal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any man- 2
Q ner my Belt will replace it. and will cure you. z
• Mr. Harry TJ. Jackson, Valleton, Cal., writes Oct. 1: "AlthougS y<m &r« c
© -a stranger. to me, my heart warms toward ¦ you as a treat benefactor and *
S friend; and I am more than gfrateful to you. Already I can feel the vigor of 2
S new life In my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every success ?n 9
5 your work." ¦ 7 " •
q Letters like that tell a story which mean3 a great deal to a sufferer. 5
O They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from S
• useless doctoring. I get such letters everyday. . - S
• ;¦%/; My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It O
• braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy In a ©
J man. ' . > '¦¦';•¦' ®
2 I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted 5
5 twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after every- S
10 thing else has failed are my best arguments. §
0 Mr.'Roy Burks, McKlttrlcka, Cal., writes: "From the first night I wore A
a the belt I felt, new life in f every part of my body. The drain stopped lmme- 2
2 diately and I am now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I 2
S thought of the belt, for In no other way could the money bring me so much ®
J pleasure." ; O
J Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles §
a or joints; "come-and-go'-' pains in his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica §
© :ln his; hip, Lumbago. Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt A
• will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign S
® of pain.' No pain can exist where my Belt ivworn. <q
• C, -Mr.'J/lpBalrd of Orland, Cal.. writes October 13: "My back fa entlr»i T •
• v well, » and - 1 would not take S10O for my belt If I could not get another T It 9
• is^ the best, thing onxarth for a lame back." noinw< xt j§
© 'They come every day from everywhere. There i3 not. a town or ®
2 hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric ©
J Belt. . - - . ¦¦---. . . v ©
a . , Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? ' If you are not what S
© you.oughtto be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? I 3 a
• there a remedy which is as -simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and 'S
g as cheap as Dr.McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one You •
2 must try it In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for *
.2 x their. future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ouirht •
'J. not be delayed. 1 -. K ©
a It's as good for women. as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes n
O no trouble: You feel the gentle, glowing heat from, it constantly but no m
.• sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. . S
2 '¦',-., Callto-day/or.sendformybeautiful book, full of the things a man »
J .likes toread if he wants to be a strong man. I send it scaled free ®
I Dr. M; G. McLavghlfai, W^m^^i- I
O OCUce Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. o. Sundays. 10 to 1. S
-Ji ...
<e I a^ Jb e 1 I aJ' T r stp
* . J ust one ol many stunning rigs we carry. Drags, cab- -
nolets, runabouts* smart vehicles of all sorts. We fre-
quer.tly create the fashionable demand and always cater '
tojt most satisfactorily. To see equipages well *and styl- '
:shly made |^ j n every detail drop in.at ;
O'BRJEN 8a SSOI^S
Ooi>piav Gate Aznz. an d PoixsMSelections (8 to 8:20), march, "My LaSy
Hottentot" (H. von Tllzer); selection, "Gas
parone" (Mlllocker), Slchel's orchestra; con
tralto solo (selected). Miss Ethel Lucas; first
appearance of George Hammersmith after
playing Proctor, Keith & Moore circuits, Kos
ter & Dial's the New York Theater, etc.;
selections, Master Melville Callsh (phenomenal
boy soprano); musical selection, Sichel's or
chestra; "The Little Sentinel," a farce comedy
lit one act, with George Vevoda, Leo Keith,
Charles Travers, Margaret Hawes and Grace
Johnson In the cast.
\ The National Union.
The first entertainment of the current
year by the National Union Social, and
Literary Club will be given in the As
sembly Hall of the Odd Fellows' building
on the night of the 8th inst. and it will
be the twenty-sixth of the series. Nor
man R. Arter, the Mayor of Mill Valley,
will be chairman of the evening and will
see that the following programme is faith
fully carried out:
On the night of the 31st* of December
Jubilee Lodge closed the year with Ini
tiation, which was followed by a colla
tion and a watching of the old year out
and the new year In.
attract the attention of the community
and realize a sum -that will place the
home in such a condition that it will be
a long time before . another appeal for
aid shall be made. • ¦¦ . .
- The officers of Walhalla Lodge (German)
will be installed on the evening of the
11th Inst., and after the ceremony there
will be a social hour in the Odd Fellows'
buildine. \
The chiefs of the local tribes will ¦ be
raised up in the council hall of each tribe.
On the 27th of last December Awashtee
Tribe adopted ten palefaces.
¦ Halo-Cha-Pu Tribe of Willets instituted
about a month ago, gave a masquerade*
ball on the last day of 1901 which was a
great success.
and the' one in Palo- Alto will take place
in the council chamber of the tribe in San
Jose in the latter part of February.
On the evening of the 8th inst. the chiefs
of the various tribes In Alameda County
will be raised in public in Pythian Hall,
Oakland. There will be a dance after the
ceremony. Each one who shall attend
will receive a fine souvenir programme. -.
At.tho lastheld meeting of Spartan
Lodge the two degrees were conferred
upon one -stranger. - •
: . Some time since Grand Recorder Spen
cer asked all the lodges to make a:show
ing during the month of December in the
matter of adding new members. AIL the
lodges reported initiations.
In the membership contest between
Michigan and California, on the 1st of
December California was : forty ahead.
The gain- In. December was a good one,
but it Is not known at this time what the
exact figures are. California hopes to win
the banner from Michigan.
The State of California has been divided
into five districts for the purpose of in
creasing the membership. A fine silk ban
ner-is offered to the district that shall
within a stated time make the best show
ing in the securing of new members. San
Francisco is in district No. 4, in. which
there is also Alameda, San Mateo, Santa
Clara, Santa Cruz, San Benlto and Monte
rey counties.
The next social entertainment, to be
srlven by the members of Valley Lodge
No. 30 will be on the night of the 29th
inst, when the committee in charge will
present a pleasing programme.
' R. H.McPherson, the "recording angel"
of Prosperity Lodge No. 309, was, on the
last meeting night in December, presented
a handsome gold watch in recognition of
his services for the order and the lodge In
particular.
- Silver Spray Lodge of the Degree of
Honor I closed the old year with a watch
night meeting and a banquet in Excelsior
Hall.. Grand Receiver Booth of the An-
On his way east Grand Recorder Spen
cer stopped in Los Angeles, where he vis
ited St. Elmo Lodge. H* was given a
splendid reception and during'- his visit
learned a great deal about/ the lodges In
that section of the jurisdiction.. He ascer
tained that the lodges j are all | taking In
new members and that the lodge he vis
ited and Orange Lodge had each initiated
a class of ten recently. 1 v* - .
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Yosemite Council of Alameda closed the
year 1901 with a masquerade . ball, which
was well attended, and there was a great
deal of , fun : for the participants and the
onlookers. - • ' . ¦¦¦ > •
Pocahontas Council on the last night of
last year saw the old year out and the
new\ one in. -There was a soiree dansante
that did not break up until after the new
year had been well ushered in. - There was
a. good attendance of members and
friends, who preferred dancing to the
noise of ' tin horns and cowbells on the
street. ..
Great Pocahontas ' Mina Rew is work
ing to secure a charter for the Degree of
Pocahontas. She reports that she has vis
ited many of the councils and finds them
all enthusiastic in the work of .the order.
The public raising up- of the chiefs of
the local councils of the Degree of Poca
hontas will take place in Union Square
Hall on the night of the 22d inst. .- v r
While the entertainment that was given
some time ago in aid of the Orphans'
Home was a success and netted a hand
some sum for the benefit of the parent
less, there is some talk at this time of
getting a monster entertainment that will
Installations are In order at this time
In the Rebekah branch of the Odd Fel
lows. Yesterday Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart.
district deputy president, and her staff
Installed the officers of Templar Lodge.
To-morrow she will install those of Loyal
Lodge; on the 8th, those of Oriental
Lodge; 11th, those of Mission Lodge;
14th, those of Jubilee Lodge; 18th,
those of California Lodge, and on the 25th
those of Amity Lodge.
The Bebekahs.
Four Contests Are Placed on the Pro-
gramme, Including One Ten-
Bound Match.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The West Oakland
Athletic Club will give a boxing tourna
ment next Thursday evening, January 9.
Four contests are on the card. There is
a four-round match between George
Brown of the West Oakland Athletic Club
and Joe Wilson of the Oakland Club.
weights at 130 pounds. Tony Cadossa,
Reliance Club, and John de Ponto of the
West Oakland Club will meet in a six
round bout. A second six-round go is'
scheduled between Gene Young, Magnolia
Club, and Billy Bevert, Reliance Club, at
135 pounds.
The bi» event will be ten rounds be
tween Dave Barry of San Francisco and
Billy Woods of Los Angeles, at 154
pounds. Vv oods has a good record from
Southern California and Is looking for
more laurels in this section of the State.
WEST OAKLAND CXUB
ARRANGES BOXING NIGHT
Fidelity Lodge will give another of Jts
high class entertainments in its hall in
the Odd Fellows' building on the even
ing of the 6th inst. The officers in charge
will present an exceptionally fine pro
gramme, which will be followed by danc
ing.
District Deputy Grand Master J. T.
Gibson will install the. officers of West
ern Addition Lodge on the 9th inst, those
of Parker Lodge on the 14th, those of
Morse Lodge on the 15th and those of
Presidio Lodge on the 16th.
District Deputy . Grand Master F. E.
Smith on the 3d inst. installed the offi
cers of Sargent Lodge.- On the 7th he
will Install those of Golden Gate Lodge,
on the 8th those of Spartan Lodge, on the
9th those of Occidental Lodge and on the
13th those of Fidelity Lodge.
On the last Tuesday In December Unity
Lodge. L O. O. F., had initiation work,
and tfcen closed the .old . year with a
spread and talk suitable to the occasion.
Templar Lodge at its next meeting •will
initiate a stranger who is about to leave
for Germany. He will be furnished the
requisite credentials to enable him to pay
a visit to Templar Lodge of Berlin. The
new officers of this lodge will be installed
on the night of the 15th inst.
Terba Buena Lodge will visit Magnolia
Lodge on the 14th Inst., when the team
of past grands of the visiting lodge will
confer the degree of initiation on a can
didate for the visited lodge.
Odd Fellowship.
which Mrs. Catherine Enos executed on
her deathbed to Joseph Bernardo of West
Oakland. Public Administrator Hawes at
tempted to have the deeds set aside on
the ground that Bernardo obtained them
by fraud and undue influence, one of the
charges against him being that he se
cured an ascendency over the deceased
v.-oman by furnishing her with liquors.
The Public Administrator was induced to
take up the case through some neighbors
of Mrs. Enoa, who found that there was
nothing in the estate to pay claims which
they held against it for se rvlces rendered.
Bernardo's defense was that he had
taken care of Mrs. Enos a long time be
fore her death, furnishing her with food
and money when others refused to do so.
Judge Hall expressed the opinion that no
fraud had been practiced and that Mrs.
Enos was fully sensible when she made
the deeds.
Joseph Bernardo.
OAKLAND. Jan. 4.-Judge Hall ren
dered a decision to-day upholding the
deeds to Oakland and Berkeley property
Finds That Mrs. Catherine Enos "Was
Not Unduly Influenced by
COUET UPHOLDS DYING
WOHAITS DEEDS TO FEIEND
"Mrs. Booth-Tucker has had a severe
inflammation of the middle ear. which
spread to the mastoid bone. To prevent
the spreading of the Inflammation to the
lirain a mastoid operation was performed
January L Since then the temperature
end pulse have been normal. The wound
was dressed to-day and a perfectly satis
factory condition found.
"KASPAR PISCHEL.
"N. H. CHAMBERLAIN.
1 "A. L. CUNNINGHAM."
''All of the plans with regard to the con
euI's part in the tour of the United States
are abandoned. The remainder of the
party will fill the dates without her. Staff
Captain Higgins left to-night for Los An
geles to rejoin the travelers".- *
"Our Christmas celebrations throughout
the United States v.ere the greatest in our
history- We fed 200.0JX) people on Christ
mas day. In New York alone 26,500 people
were given Christmas dinners."
At the sug-grestion of the physicians and
members of Consul Booth-Tucker's party
who were here the following bulletin con
cerning her condition was issued at 3
o'clock this afternoon, shortly after the
commander's arrival:
Staff Continues Journey.
"My etay will be prolonged until the
consul can be safely taken home to New
York. Her sudden and unexpected illness
has, of course, checked all our plans. We
had arranged for a national congress of
officers, to take place in- New York City
next month, but this plan has been aban
doned.
"I am delighted that Mrs. Booth-Tucker
has such surroundings as that beautiful
hospital can bestow upon the sick. The
6i:rgeons t too, are doing everything' that
can be done.
"As soon as I received the dispatch an
nouncing m|' wife's serious illness, I
started for Oakland," said the Salvation
ist leader this evening at the French resi
dence. "Having arrived, I find, after' lis
tening to the physicians, that Mrs. Booth-
Tucker's condition is much better than I
had expected, but she is in a serious
state. The inflammation has 'been
checked, but If it should reach the brain
there would be a very critical stage of
the case to meet.
Consul's Condition Serious.
After that he was much relieved, al
though far from content to allay all un
easiness concerning the patient's condi
tion. After leaving the hospital, the com
mander ¦went to the residence of Colonel
George French. 1457 Eighth avenue. East
Oakland, where he will remain during his
indefinite stay on the coast.
Commander Booth-Tucker remained at
his wife's bedside for several hours and
had a long consultation with the physi
cians who are In charge of the consul.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— Summoned by the
urgent news of his wife's serious illness.
Commander Booth-Tucker, head of the
Salvation Army in the United States, ar
rived this afternoon In. Oakland from
New York on the Central overland train.
The commander was met at Sixteenth
street depot by Staff Captain HIggins,
chief secretary of the army, and together
they proceeded at once to Fablola Hos
pital, where Mrs. Booth-Tucker has been
cared for since Thursday, when an opera
tion for abscess of the ear was performed
upon her.
Finds Consul's Condition Less
Serious Than' He
Expected.
the East.
Salvation Army Com
mander Arrives From
Miss Ivy Perkins, a member of Ivy
Chapter, O. E. S., and. a very popu
lar one, but who is at present residing
outside of the city, was at her former
home last Friday, when a number of the
members of the chapter paid her a sur
prise visit, and a very pleasant time was
had.
California Chapter had a business meet
ing on the 2d inst., when one applicant
was ejected and seven petitions were pre
sented and referred to committees on in
vestigation. After the regular business
there was a general talk in connection
-with the grand party that is to be given
on the feth of February in aid of the mu
sic fund for the boys' band at theMa
sonic Widows' and Orphans' Home. There
was a pleasant evening after the zneet
"jvt the meeting of Oolde'n Gate Chapter
on the 3d inst. there was routine busi
ness transacted, and at the close of the
mcet'ng there was a pleasant social hour
for the members and the visitors.
- Fitty members of Unity Chapter No.
C5 organized a surprise party given at
the last meeting to the ofilcers and mem
bers of Berkeley Chapter No. 178. That
was the first meeting of the chapter un
der the new corps of ofllcers, and the sur
prise was in the nature of a reception to
Worthy Matron Mrs. A. L. Sleeper and
Woithy Patron William A. L. Knowles.
The chapter had been formally opened
with only its own members present and
all had settled themselves for a quiet
meeting, when the Oakland friends, head
ed by i their worthy matron and worthy
patron, filed in one after the other and
literally took possession. Several mu
sical numbers by Worthy Matron Mrs.
Kdwards and a score of short appropriate
remarks made an Interesting programme.
Noi- Mas this the end of the surprise, for
•later in the evening the members of
Berkeley Chapter, apparently the guests
of the evening, were invited to the* ban
quet hall to enjoy a sumptuous repast
prepared by the visiting friends. Mirth
and merriment rang throughout it all.
Voluntary, organ, F. Delleplane; soprano
solo. Katherine Black; bass solo, Frank
H. Lockyer; trio, "Lift Thine Eyes"; so
prano solo. "I Will Extol Thee, O Lord,"
Mme. Celestine Delrnara; violin solo.
"Berceuse," • Professor Johann Raith;
alto solo, Miss Xena Roberts; tenor solo,
"Singing In God's Acre," Robert W.
Smith; quartet and solo, "Oh for the
Wings of a Dove."
After the proclamation the new patron,
on behalf of the chapter, presented the
installing officer with a silver gold-lined
bowl. A fine gilt clock was presented to
tiie acting grand marshal and a silver
card receiver <o Grand Secretary Mrs.
Kate J. Willats. Mr. Marais then, on be
half of H. D. Pasquale, a member of the
chapter, presented a handsome velvet, gold
embroidered baldric of office. Then there
were congratulatory addresses by the
grand officers named, Mrs. Partridge,
past most worthy grand matron; Mrs.
Mary A. Flint, past grand matron; Mrs.
Dohlman. D. D. G. M.; John H. Gray,
past grand patron, and Mrs. A. i?.
Hlckey, associated gj».nd conductress.
pointed officers of San Fran
cisco Chapter No. 186, the local "baby"
chapter, of the Order of the Eastern Star.
The installing officer Vas "Worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson. assisted
by Annie Marie Johnsqn, district deputy
grand matron, as grand marshal, and
George L. Darling, past grand patron, as
grand chaplain. The new officers who are
to rule the chapter for the current year
are:
Charlotte E. Marais, worthy matron;
Charles Louis Peter Marais, worthy pa
tron; Maud M. Sippel, associate matron;
Eva Sheeline, secretary; Bertha E. Mac
krett, treasurer; Lottie Rothman, conduc
tress; Carrie Robinson, associate conduc
tress; Annie Cattermole. Adah; Jennie M.
Coon, Ruth; Laura Lowrie, Esther; Sophie
Suter, Martha; Christine Soreneen, Elec
ta; George W. Geauque, chaplain; Mary
H. Lewis, sentlnetr Emma .Healing,
warder; and Fanny Owens, organist.
The following was the music that was
rendered during the ceremony of installa
tion:
<IJFL lunig TTFFF was a large gathering
/^fy^ of ladles and gentlemen in the
a \ 'j? commandery hall of the Ma
ft I sonic Temple last night to
X*jbW witness the public Installation
""¦" B of the recently elected and ap-
BOOTH-TUCKER
AT WIFE'S SIDE
AS TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS OF LODGES
29
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY,
On the last Monday In December Great
Chief of Records Bliss visited the tribe at
Santa Clara and .witnessed" the 'adoption
of eight pale faces, four for the sitting
tribe and four for the tribe in San Jose. ?,-
The ' contest in • the adoption ' degree - be
tween teams of ¦ the tribe in Santa Clara'
ImpToyed ' Order of , Red Men.'
' NEW TVESTE
E 6 Payne," Bakersfield
J B Kobeson. Sta Cruz
H P Wilson.. Sta Cruz
Ross Harvey, Seattle '
Jas Madlson&w. Cal
W W.Stanley, S Miguel
. H Boade, Artesian, S D
Naylor Williams, -Nev
E T Riesburgr,' Fresno",
Vf ' O Anderson. 'Vallejo
ERN HOTEU
Jaa Mulvoy, Ingleside
C Hanaen, Hay wards
A J Thomas, Oakland
R Nelson, Rio Vista
J L. Curtis, Vallejo
O W Smith, Sausalito
J R Tyler. Martinez
VV D Carter.StaBarbara
W J Carter.StaBarbara
HbTEL ARRIVALS.
OAKLAND, Jan.. 4.— The funeral of the
late Edward 1 Everett, . a - former member
of the Board of -Education,- was. held this
afternoon .from ;the- residence, .719 Eighth
street." The Rev." Charles <R. V Brown offi
ciated.., The .services, were .Of "the sim
plest character. -.The; pallbearers were F.
F. Huff, J. M., Bassett,' Charles, H.- Gray
and : A. L.;. Fish. The H Interment was
In -Mountain* View Cemetery.- '
Funeral of Edward ; Everett.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Clarence K. Leslie,
aged , 23 years, Berkeley, and Rosle M.
Bob worth, 20, Oakland; James C. Ange
vine.'over 21, and Sarah E. Peters, over
18, both 'of Loa Angeles: Bernard P.. Bos
worth, over 21, and Rena Thompson, over
18, both of Oakland; Harry W. Hartman,
27. San Francisco, and Annie P. Ramos.
19, West Berkeley; Joaquin A. Sllveria,
25,' and Mary J. Sllva, 17, both of San Lo
renzo; Frank J.Schrick,21, and Alice M.'
Roberts; 18, both of San Francisco:
Charles A. Jackson, 39, ¦ and Lucre tia L.
Harringan, 45, both of San ¦ Francisco;
Frank R. Raines, 26, Vallejo, and Evelyn
M. Howard, 22, Grayson; Charles Mosero."
35, and, Lulu E. • Wards, 24. both of Oak
land, .v •"» '
Licensed to Harry.
Manzanita Grove has grown to such size
that It has been found necessary to secure
larger quarters in the Druidlc Temple.-. It
met. there for the first time last Thursday
night. ; The grove is arranging for a grand
banquet on the night of the 16th Inst. in
one of the downtown cafes.. , :¦'.¦-:,
Fifteen members of the , Grove at Cen
terville paid a visit to the grove in Liver
more last week and conferred the second
degree for the sitting grove: Four appli
cations were read that • night and after
business there, was a banquet. .. • ;
St. Helena Grove has procured new re
galia for Its- officers and members ¦. at ' a
cost of $150. This grove has initiated four
teen strangers since the 1st of last No
vember.S^^ty SBctry*iiMBfc^^gSJa&^*ife"'^w a
The Past Arch Association of the United
Ancient Order 'of Druids at its meeting
on the last Sunday in December had
about forty members present. Three ap
plications for membership were received
and a favorable ballot followed. The
proposition to change the time of meet
ing from Sunday afternoon to some other
day was voted down. It was decided that
the association pay a fraternal visit on
the night of the 24th Inst. to McKlnley
Grove. E. Maginiss, John Hutton and Jo
seph Wolff were appointed a committee
to prepare an installatlo/i ceremony and
report at the next meeting. The associa
tion received holiday greetings from Mc 7
Kinley Grove and from Grand Secretary
Martinoni.
A meeting will be held on the 11th inst.
on the . invitation of the Past Arch Asso
ciation to make arrangements • for tha
proper observance of the memorial day
of the order. The meeting will be in the
committee room of the Druids' building. -
Aurora *Grove since the 1st of last No
vember made an increase of twenty-five
In membership and it is now busy confer
ring the second and the third degrees.
Noble Grand Arch Godeau and Grand
Secretary Martinoni are arranging for a
visit to the groves in the southern mines.
They will be absent about ten days.
El Dorado Circle of the Druidesses at
its last held meeting initiated two stran
gers in the amplified form and on the 27th
of last month had a Christmas tree party
in Washington Square Hall, which was
attended by more than 400 persons; includ
ing about . half of that number of little
ones. It was a glorious festival, at which
J. Thornhill, as Santa Claus, distributed
presents to the children, after which there
was dancing for the grown folks.
On the recent visit of Noble Grand Arch
Godeau and Grand Secretary Martinoni to
Olive Grove in Colma they were accom
panied by Grand Trustee A. M. Arm
strong, Past Arches L. A. Wolff, J. Wolff,
H. G. Armstrong, Dr. J. Craigh and J. L.
Gomez and four members of Olympla
Grove. - During the evening the 'grove,
with J. Luce as noble arch, Initiated one
stranger. There were interesting remarks
by the visitors and then Colma hospitality
followed. l^*f a ™ ! ff^Mi'V9m
Druidism.
Mrs. Bigelow succeeded a short time
ago in securing a purchaser for the acres
at the advanced price of $3000. She want
ed to pay off the debt on the property
and retain $1665 as her portion of the bar
gain, but as the son held the deeds he re
fused to allow her .to do so. She then
began' suit against her son, which result
ed in the decision by Judge ¦ Hall to-day
that she has no right to the money de
manded. The son maintained that the
property belonged to him and that he was
entitled to the proceeds of the sale.
Out. of a legal struggle between mother
and son that. was fought out. in the Su
perior Court, Involving the right to the
proceeds of the sale of certain Llvermore
property, the mother comes defeated.
Judge: Hall decided to-day that as the
property in question stood in the name of
the ; son the court could not award • any
of. the proceeds of the sale of the prop
erty to the mother, although she was the
original purchaser and had helped to pay
a portion of the indebtedness. ¦
Charlotte Ann Bigelo w, the mother,
purchased twenty-three acres ' of ' ; land
near Lavermore a long time ago for $309,
borrowing the money from her son, Al
bert A. Atkinson, in order to do so. The
deeds to the property, so the mother tes
tified during the trial, were held by the
son as security for the 'payment of the
debt.'. i: : ¦• . ; *•¦-.,
, Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. ;.4.
Mrs. Charlotte A. Bigelo w
Loses Suit Against •/
#' Offspring. «...
fer and holding the first meeting of the
year. The council had arranged for ths
first initiation, but the candidate was un
avoidably absent, so it was satisfied with
another first record, which was the first
installation. The officers, whose names
have already been published in The Call,
were inducted into office by Deputy J. N.
Bunting, with the .assistance of Friend
Maas.
During- the coming two weeks there will
be a number of installations in this or
der and when the officers are all "In
harness" there is a promise of an exces
sively active campaign. „
MOTHER AND SON
FIGHT IN COURT
California Camp, Woodmen of the
World, will have its officers Installed In
Cabrlllo Hall, In the Xatlve Sons' build
ing, on the night of the 6th inst., and
those .who attend will receive a genuine
Woodmen's welcome. This camp is mak
ing arrangements for the proper reception
of Head Consul Falkenburg in February
and is training its ¦ renowned Hayseed
Band to give him a serenade some night
during his stay In this city.
Woodmen of the World.
Future installations will be as follows ;
January 6. Fidelity Circle by Deputy
Wanderlich; 7, Loyal by Deputy Tackley.
Ivanhoe by Deputy Day; 8, Bohemian by
Deputy Assman, Artemis by Deputy Ga«j
turm; 9, . Sherwood by Deputy . Hursey,
Bournemouth by Deputy Sands, Calif o«>
nia by Deputy Vizzard; 10, .Justice by
Deputy Fernandez, Santa Amanda by J.
Falconer; 13, Mazzlnl by Deputy ¦ Gulstlo,
and 14, Washington Circle by Deputy
Kate J. Wood. ... . ,
On the 2<J inst. John Falconer. P. S. G.
C. C, installed the officers of Pride of the
Forest Circle in Oakland. The same niglit
the officers of Eureka Circle were in
stalled by Deputy Mrs. Jonas; those »f
Franklin Circle by Deputy Miss Ward.
The eighth social of the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of the A. O. F, will be given «.n
the social hall of the Foresters' building
on the night of the 11th inst.
Court Twin Peaks will give a social !n
the Foresters' building on the night of
the 9th inst. ... . •
On the night of the 2d inst. the officers
of Courts Lincoln, Bournemouth, Gar
fleld, German-American and Vlctolre were
visited by members of the board of depu
ties and had their officers, installed for
the : term. On the 3d inst. the officers of
Courts Star of the West, Apollo and Del
Monte were installed, and on the 4th
those of Court America were Installed In
public by Deputy C. S. Smith and a full
corps of deputies. - >. \. >¦-•.-:¦
On the 3d inst. J. W. Chute, High Court
secretary, visited Court Garden City in
San Jose and was accompanied by the
high chief ranger and Deputy High Chief
Ranger P. G. Gwinn. - ;.
High Chief Ranger Boehm on the 2d
inst. visited the court of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters at Point Richmond and
there installed the- officers for the cur
rent term. V ; > ) • - .
Ancient Order of Foresters.
On the night of the 14th the officers of
the court In Colma are to be Installed in
public and at the close of the ceremony
the committee In charge will provide en
tertainment for all who shall attend, t
• Court Barbarossa has elected the fol
lowing named for the ensuing term:
George De Witt. C. R.: J. Glannlnl, S. C.
R.; Ed Nordhoff, T.; H. Haab, F. S.; J.
Wl3sing, R. .S.; Phil Witsch, S. B.; John
B. Blum, J, B.; G. Loeb. S. W.; Nic Nye
hpuse, J. W.; J. Waldstein, trustee.
Grand Sub Chief Ranger Wolffe will
make official visits as' follows during the
current month: > January 15, to Court Ma
drone; 16th, to Court Justice; 23d, to Court
Defiance; 28th, to Court Golden Gate. On
February 7 he will visit Court Rose Hill.
- The new ritual of the order went into
effect on the 1st inst., and on the night. of
the 2d Courts Washington, Defiance,
Golden West, Justice and United States of
America worked under It. .
.Last week thefe was a meeting of the
representatives of the, several circles of
the Companions of the Forest of America
for the purpose of taking action in the
matter of getting up a monster minstrel
entertainment at a date to be fixed. Twen
ty companions who have good voices were
selected to tak« part in the entertainment.
The officers of the circle in Elmhurst
will be installed in public on the night of
the 8th inst., after which there will be an
entertainment and a social hour.
Court Pride of Alameda, which has
passed the 100-mark in membership, will
install its officers in public on the" night of
the 10th inst, af*er which there will be an
entertainment and dance.' ~
Court Capital of the Foresters of Amer
ica has arranged for a grand banquet to
be given on the night of the 15th inst.-
Foresters of ' America.
dent Order of United Workmen, was the
toastmaster and proved a. witty and jolly
one. There . were responses . to toasts by
Mrs. Morrison,' chief of honor; Mrs. Stew
art, past superior, chief of 'honor; Mes
damesHollis," Potter, Lewis, Zahn, Gould
and ; Lawton - and Messrs. Lewis, Arm
strong, Bartels, Herzog, Stewart, Morri
son'and Cooper. There were' original po
etry by Sam Booth and Mrs. L. C. Me
Near and songs. At midnight all present
joined in . wishing one another a happy
new year, and . all wished prosperity for
Silver Spray Lodge.
• ' ' ' - , ; '¦:*¦ ' I
THE PATRON AND .MATRON OF
SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER, ~. OR
DER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
Yosemite Council on the last Friday in
December elected officers who will be in
stalled on the last Friday in the current
month. After the meeting closed there
was a drawing for turkeys and 'three for
tunate members went home with a fine
bird each for the Sunday dinner. During
the evening the council was visited and
addressed by Deputy J. N. Bunting.
On the night of the;2d inst. El Capitan
Council -made the following record for the
beginning of the new year; that is, se
curing the first application for member
ship, receiving the first members on trans-
TO SELL GOODS BELOW COS!
>^^^ A New Corporation Ab=
/ "• Combination of Retail Stores
wMi^~^^^ml\ f - Under One Management to
Wlm 'If! ' Sel1 Re i ected stocks of
Wlllm n^ v Eastern Manufac-
H. LESSER, President of the New tUFeiiS.
Corporation. , < ' ' •
Articles of incorporation were recently nied with the County Clerk which
announce the formation of a new combination of retail stores under one man-
of the new company is "The Lesser, Danzlger Co.'. Inc." This
company/ of which Mr. Lesser Is president, owns and controls . the Bee Hive
Shoe Store. 717 Market street; the Bo a ton Clothing Company. 773 Market street;
4he California Shoe Company, 1506 Market street, all of San Francisco, and one
large clothing company, in. Astoria, Or. T . _, ¦" . „' „.
•7-: Mr. -,H. Lesser is also president of H. & L. Lesser & Co.. pwning_and con-
trolling the 'Monarch Clothing Company, 915 Market street; Richard Pahl Shoe
. Company, 324 Kearny street, all in San Francisco,; two clothing stores in San
•Jose and a clothing store In Sacramento." ¦ ¦"-- '¦- , . -
> In the Interest of both of- these companies Mr. Lesser has completed ar-
•rangements with Eastern manufacturers .whereby his j stores jire to receive all
goods manufactured for the Pacific Coast that are rejected by the for -
whom manufactured— that is to say, if a shoe manufacturer of SL Louis or a
clothing manufacturer of New I York or Chicago ; ships r. an ¦. order to * a Pacific
Coast' firm and the goods are not delivered on time .or not in accordance . with
the contract, nor In good condition," or, for any other reason the dealer desires a
rebateior discount on account of his goods! not coming exactly as ordered,,. the
; factory* simply closes all negotiations with the: original purchaser and' turns the
goodsover to : Mr. Lesser's stores at adlscount of 37%; per cent on the manufac-/
•-turer'scost."^:'. .;¦¦.,: -." ;''¦"¦¦.•.,¦.':..¦•¦-¦.¦¦•¦:.:', "• ..' ,, f ..'¦
'j.r.? By this new and novel arrangement ;. the -manufacturers are able tp become
"more .independent,- and have anunllmited market for all goods which the Pacific .;
Coast firms reject," whether for good reasons or not. .: ¦ ¦ ? : ; _
¦' T-But, better still/ it puts Mr. Lesser's stores in a position to secure goods that
• are manufactured I for. the ¦ highest clas s firms on the > Pacific Coast at less prices
than it costs to manufacture them, consequently, < the nine ;- stores controlled by
¦,Mr.- Lesser are In a position to sell merchandise at lowest possible prices. .
¦ However,. Mr.' Lesser's stores have agreed -to take allTejected goods,, conse-
quently are compelled. to sell at very low prices in order to keep the goods mov- ¦
¦ing as fastas they come In. ; In, fact,: they cannot • do ' this with but- nine stores,',
and it will be necessary to open new stores in Los Angeles; Cal.; Seattle and Spo- •
kane. "Wash.;: and Portland, Or. / ,; ' ¦ - .'.- ¦:-.¦¦ r ..
¦)•¦ This-.willbe done just as soon as competent men: can be employed: to man-
*age the new stores— men of brains/capable of earning large salaries, are very
much desired, by the new. corporation. - .'' . - • - v . ' .
.-..No such a combination of merchandising interests 'has , ever .. been . consum- ¦
- mated; on the Pacific Coast betore., ¦„' : . . : ,. " - ¦%
-;:.' . The large stocks necessary to so extended \ an enterprise and the number' of
stores operating under a' single ; management with ' unity ! of : interests, cannot < fall 5
.to be' : a material; factor in lowering the price'of footwear, and clothing in all the-
'clttea wherein the combin&;has its establishments.: ' ; ; - ¦
! Important to Men j
| NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID |
S Dr. Meyers & Co. Will Wait for Their Fee Until Patient Is .Cured. 2
O It is the ranJcesb sorb of folly to ima,gin<:G S
O that a weakness or an ailment will get\vell nJlH-Mt**-* •
? without proper treatment. m &&zj&ti£8$!feb a
q It is both dangeroiof and expensive to m£&g£r '^^^^x %
© treat with inexperienced doctors or to at- Wm& y •
*2 innpb to cure yourself with free trial treat- i&&£ *a^kW& '*
(^ meats, pitent medicines, electric belts or ffj?. m?il »*f %
O other dangerous stimulants. \^1L" aj^i •
® For nearly twenty years we have been Jm^B}. °
9 curing contracted diseases of men, including N^twslPaF S
O contagious blood poison; also, lost vitality, gen- Jt^^^^M 1 °
q eral and nervous debility, varicocele, rupture, /%OtJS^^» ©
O stricture, piles, diseases of the kidneys, blad-£_ §
g der. etc. ' O
q We are specialists in curing these ailments. We cure at any %
• stage of the disorder and restore the patients as quickly as is " O
q consistent with a permanent cure. Our remedies, which are 5
O always effective, but are never harmful, are furnished free to a
q our patients from our own private laboratory. •
O Consultation and advice free at our offi:e or by mail. Full*
information and our private book, sealed, free. Home cures a ©
O specialty. Remedies sent by mail or express'. §
I DR. MEYERS & m,731KS; |
q HOURS— 9 to 4 daily; Sundays, 9 to 11. "5
AND SEVENTEEN MORE!
. "We have a fancy mahogany, largest size
upright piano, retail value $425, now J26Or-
$25 down a'hd'JIO a month. •_,.";
Choice of three remaining fancy English
mottled walnut, regular $500 styles, now
$287, same, terms; another, fancier and
mpre elaborate style, in English quarter-
sawed oak; retail price $550— now $330. And
one of the very, fanciest Instruments con-
tained in the sale, '.now $387. Same terms
of payment to. close out.
Two; new Estey : uprli|hts. mottled» wal-.
nut. ; and oak -cases. $21S and $247 respect-
ively. ¦ •'. .'.-..'-
One "brand, new Richmond upright, ma-,
hogany case, raised panels, $176— easy pay-
ments;jjnflgnAPwWnfiB0H*
.-'.Three-very .choice mottled mahogany
and* fancy walnut '¦ standard made .up-
rights, prices $218 and $246 respectively.
Worth .nearly -double 'this price.: Easy
payments also. ' .
. One regular $300 piano for $156: do, plain
case, $137— pay $17 down and $S a month.
Hallet & .Davis square, good order, $34;
Emerson square, same price; Steinway
square. Great . Union aauare, Hallet &
Cumston square, at • prices - ranging 1 from
$28 to $100— pay $5 to $10 down and $3 or $4
a month if you desire.
¦ Remember you; can secure these instru-
ments at • the f above named Prices. to-mor-
row; and to-morrow only; j at Elters Piano
Company sacrifice sale. 645 Market at in
the BisWop building; opposite Kearny.' -*
¦ ¦ - . \ ¦'"'•¦¦ V -
Never heretofore in the history of Saa
Francisco have good dependable pianos
been sold for such little money. Never was
such a beautiful and large selection of
brand new instruments displayed on one
floor as during this sale. And never wera
people so quick to realize and take ad-
vantage of the benefits to be obtained by
patronizing: this sale and probably never
again will it be possible to obtain a first-
class, reliable new piano for such little
.money, r
With the exception of seventeen brand
new uprights and four or five second-hand
square pianos that we accepted during ths
past few days toward payment tor new
Klmball and other pianos every Instru-
ment originally included in this sale has
been disposed of, and in order to make a
clean sweep of the whole matter and wiftd
up matters completely we will offer the
remaining instruments for sale Monday
at the sale prices — but remember that
there will be no more and that when these
are gone there, will be no more at the
former cut prices.
The most remarkable and without doubt
the fairest and greatest bona fide piano
sale ever witnessed in the West came to
a close last evening at the .wholesale
salesrooms of Kilers Piano Company,
where, exactly as advertised, a tremen-
dous stock of choice new pianos consist-
Ing of the New. Scale KimDall, Steinway.
Emerson, Whitney, Estey, Gramer.
Hinze. . Starr, Richmond and other new
pianos were closed out at wholesale prices
during; the past two weeks. • -
Exactly a hundred and eighty-three in-
struments ¦ were disposed of during that
time, and we are pleased to present here-
with a partial list of the residents of San
Francisco- and vicinity who purchased
pianos of us during the sale. With one
exception there has not been a complaint
or - expression of dissatisfaction from a
single customer who has dealt with us,
and we are pleased to refer all who may
be interested as to the general satisfac-
tion given and the -high standard of ex-
cellence of the instruments, that were In-
cluded in this sale to each and every one
of these.
Look over the list carefully. No* doubt
dozens of your friends and relatives are
among them. We know of no better ref-
erences. Here is the list:
R. M. Amphlett, fancy mahogany Kimball.
H. Roper, fancy mahogany Klmball.
- Miss K. Dahl, stenographer Sherman. ClsT
& Co.
J. H. Thomas, fancy oak Whitney. '
J. R. Smith, .walnut Starr piano.
C. F. Searles. fancy . mahogany Klmball.
Mrs. John Simpson, rosewood Demorest.
Mrs. Basslnl, prop. Mme. Idallne Face Cream
Company. Steinway Baby Grand. :
Mrs. Sullivan, oak Walraven.
M. E. PfelSer, Oakland, mahogany Kimball. -
Miss Garden. French walnut finish Whitney.
F. W. Rowley, fancy oak Kimball.
Andrew Larsen, French walnut finish Klm-
ball.
F. W. Wolmer. rosewood Whitney.
. Sam Buckby. fancy mahogany Klmball.
Mrs. G. Metzger. fancy English oak Kimball.
F. C. Jackson, fancy English oak Klmball.
Mrs. Mary Krleger. Oak Hinze.
Frank Llljenberg. mahogany Arion. '
J. W. Welgel, fancy English walnut KlmbalU
. James Barry, ebonlzed Hardman.
Fred C. Moser,' mottled walnut KlmbalL .
Miss Reglna Upmann. mahogany Whitney.
J. B. Wallace, mottled walnut Chickerintf*
Isaac Cohen, oak Hinze.
' Mrs. J. B. HafCen, fancy mahogany Klmball.
Miss - M. Thompson, rosewood Klmball, -
. Rev. "W. O.. "Waggoner, rosewood Leicht.
Mrs. O. G. Scott, French walnut Klmball.
Michael Kenney, walnut Emerson.
- James McBoyle. fancy rosewood Kimball.
J. H. Greenwood, mahogany Whitney.
Mrs. M. E. Taylor, mottled walnut KlmbalL
. F. E. Miner, mottled walnut Kimball.
M. E. " Moore, mottled walnut Klmball.
Mrs. A. Lltchfleld. mahogany Steinway grand.
Mrs. E. Acker, fancy mahognay KlmbalL.
Miss Bessie Hurley, rosewood Hinze.
H. Britten, fancy mahogany Kimball.
W. L>. Dalley, mahogany Klmball.
Albert Cohn, walnut Arlon. . • •.-•
Jos. Hofmeister. French walnut Klmball.
j Mrs. T. M. Jones, mottled oak Klmball.
Gustave Lederer. oak Emerson. .
H. P. Bostick. walnut Arlon. .
F. E. McCullough, mottled walnut Arlon.
Mare Island Naval Hospital. . . . ., • , »<i
F. E. Sands, walnut Emerson. SftfJ?
Miss M. Silva. fancy oak Kimball.
A. R. Hoon, walnut Kimcall.
Mrs. J. Duckle. fancy oak - Klmball.
H. E. Jerard. fancy mahogany Klmball.
R. F. Thelle. fancy oak Hinze.
Jos. E. Kinney. mahogany Milton.
Mrs. D. E. Hodgens. fancy oak Klmball.
F. ' E. Corwln, French walnut Whitney. -
F. H. Arnsburger. rosewood Leicht.
R. E. Byers, fancy oak Kimball.
Mrs. T. F. Rogers, mahogany Hinze.
B. R. Munson. French walnut Kimball. ¦
Mrs. S. C. McCall. French walnut Kimball.
D. E. Doran. fancy mahogany Klmball.
Mrs. Li. M. Richardson, French walnut flniifc
Kimball.
A. J. MeKelvey. fancy oak Hinze.
Alex Quelssar. fancy English oak Klmball.
E. R. Dodd. fancy walnut Klmball.
E. B. Coy. rosewood Klmball.
Olga Ulbrandt. square piano.
C. R. Corwln, walnut Milton.
Judge Conlan, fancy mahogany upright.
L. Lohmeler, oak Emerson.
Geo. Scheldt. French walnut Klmball.
E. G. Penner, rosewood Steinway.
A. W. Miller, fancy walnut' upright.
J. J. Egan. mahogany Schlrmer. ¦-
Mrs. G. De Lucca, fancy mahogany Klmball.
¦ Miss A. Weiss, mahogany Steinway. . ¦-.,¦*;
A. G. Blangy, fancy walnut Klmball.
H.- C. Paylow, walnut Starr upright.
Mrs. E. H. Crawford, mahogany Demorest.
Mrs. J. A. Josslyn, oak Richmond.
Geo. Voelker, fancy French walnut Kimball.
J. H. Maddeaux. mahogany Kimball.
James Nelson, World's Fair. style KlmbUL,
Charles Wilson, French walnut Hinze.
Mrs. L. C. Keating, fancy oak Whitney.
Ul. C. Chamberlln, oak Gramer.
Sarah Connelly, mahogany Hinze.
Mrs. A. E. Bush, rosewood Klmball. :
* F H. Doane, fancy oak Klmball.
J. B. Johnston, walnut Gramer.
F. W. Cook, walnut Milton.
¦ A. G. Berg, mahogany KlmbalL
Thomas P. logle, French walnut KlmbalL
E. Lettan, rosewood Estey.
M. W. Llttlefleld. mottled walnut Milton.
John Morgan,, mahogany .Gramer.
Etta. L. Tiedemann. mahogany Steinway.
James RUey, . mahogany Steinway.
- Ed -Lynch, fancy mahoeany Milton.
Mrs. A. H. Shackle, English oak Kimball.
Masonic Lodge, 'Paso Robles, oak Estey.
J A. Sutton, . French walnut Klmball.
T. Walker, walnut Klmball.
Frank Hill, oak Whitney.
A. H. Warner, rosewood Whitney.
George Chapman. English oak Klmball.
R. E Scott, fancy oak Whitney.
A. H. Meatscham, fancy mahogany Klmball.
Mrs. A. W. Forbes, mottled walnut Milton.
H J. Pine, mahogany Milton.
¦ Dr. j. W. Thayer, mottled walnut Milton.
1 E. A. Schacht. fancy oak Kimball.
. Mrs E. F. Fay. World's Fair oak Klmball.
Mrs! T. G. Foard, rosewood KimbaJl.
.Mrs. E. O. Brenner, fancy oak Whitney. .
J. E. Lincoln, walnut Gramer.
E. Palme, mahogany Hinze. "
Miss Nora McDonnell, oak Estey. •
A. R. Martin, mahogany Milton.
I Miss E. Brown, mahogany Milton. .
- Mrs. W. H. Batcbeldcr. mahogany Whitney.
Fred Frledle. oak Gramer.
" E. M. Van Frank, fancy mahogany Milton.
J. R. Lowe, walnut Emerson. ¦.¦;-.
J. M. Warren, fancy walnut Whitney.
-J. A.- Seegar, rosewood Kimball.
J. Fruechtle. fancy oak Kimball. '.-,'¦'
James Sexton, rosewood Klmball.
1».- J. Fenton. French walnut KlmbalL
L.'W. Wllber. fancy oak Whitney. ¦
J. W. Souther, fancy walnut Kimball.
• Mrs. R. Duffy, mahogany Richmond.
Mrs. S. B. Smith, fancy oak Hinze.
Where they went and what they were.
Dozens of your friends and rela-
tives surely in the lot. Another
chance for bargain hunters,, but
"positively the last. A lot of square
¦ pianos, ten cents a day.
A PARTIAL LIST OF NEABLY
A HXTNBBEB AND FIFTY.'
A REMARKABLE RECORD.
THE END CAME YESTERDAY
AD VEBTISKMEJTTS.United Moderns.
The officers of San Francisco Lodge of
the United Moderns were Installed with
appropriate ceremonies on the evening of
the 3d Inst. In the Shiels building.
The officers of California Lodge will be
installed on the night of the 13th Inst. In
the Foresters' building.
Mrs. "J. E. de Ruyter and Miss Ada Sul
livan sailed from New York for Alexan
dria, Egypt, on the Hamburg-American
line express steamship Fuerst Bismarck
on the £th Inst.
There will be a> reception at their resi
dence. UO514 Powell street, this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock. .
Mr. and - Mrs. Peter i s Hanschen cele
brated their silver wedding on ! Christmas
day at their residence. 1030 Filbert street
Their, home was .handsomely .decorated
with, holly and berries. Many valu
able presents were received. Among those
present were : Mr. and Mrs. Harder, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Selke, Fred Seike, Mr. and
Mr. and Mrs. I. Friedman tendered their
son, Nate-W., a pleasant birthday, party
on the occasion of the twenty-first an
niversary, of his birth at their residence,
121 • Russ :-. street, \ last • Saturday evening
December 28. The evening was spent in,
music and dancing and at : midnight the
guests repaired to the dining-room, where
supper greeted them.\ A; .L- Friedman
acted as toastmaster : and • the various
toasts received great applause. The rooms
were beautifully, and tastefully decorated
the dining-room being a mass . of smilax
and hollyberries. Fifty guests were seated
at the table. -, - ' ; ¦ ; -
Among the charming social affairs' of
New Tear's day was the reception given
by Miss Louise Heppner and Miss Mabel
Phillips, at 1857 O'Farrell Btreet. The hos
tesses were assisted In receiving by Mrs.
Thomas Graham Crothers, Miss Florence
LipBher -and Miss Alice Hunter - of -Napa.
Among the guests'- were: '•'.Albert. 'Caine
William Hooke. "William Corbett, Arthur
Meussdorffer, Oscar Meussdorffer, Walter
Farnham, Harry Murphy, . Philip Heuer,*
Judge Kerrigan, Judge Cope, Lieutenant
John Mel, Bert Kleinhaus, Carlos Hlttell
George Craig.' Charles Craig, T. G. Croth
ers, George Crothers, D. T. Berry, .Walter
H. Robinson, John Bannerman, George
W. Whltaker, Dr. A. T. Derby Dan
O'Callaghan, Dr.' Joy Stephens. Eldridge
Moores. Howard Smith. Dr. Jr. C. Stinson
Horen Patlgian, Haig Patiglan and Oscar
Barber.;
Home Parties.
The basis of old-fashioned lithographic
ink was lampblack, shellac, wax, tallow
and soap.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St George at its meeting on the last
Monday in December expeditiously dis
posed of business and then closed the
lodge and had an evening of merry mak
ing, singing, dancing and English games.
Past President E. Booth of Jubilee Lodge
of Sacramento, and many visitors from
other lodges were present. Refreshments
and a collation were served and then at
the close there was an expressed wish for
a prosperous new year.
Daughters of St. George.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Aurora Lodgfe No. 202 of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor has decided that the re
cently elected officers shall be installed
in public in its hall, in the Union Square
building, on the night of the 6th inst The
ceremony will be followed by "a social hour
and the extension of the hospitality for
which this very progressive lodge is noted.
There will be a private installation of
the officers of West End Lodge on the
night of the 16th Inst, at 20 Eddy street.
Foresters' Hall.
A number of toasts were given, compli
mentary to the bride and groom, and hap
py responses were made. The attending
guests were the relatives of the bride and
groom. After the banquet the party spent
a short time ushering, in the new year
after which' the bride and groom left the
parental home for .their own at 641 Turk
street. " . • I <
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Funge, 136 Tremont avenue; on December
31. 1901, their daughter, Miss Nannie P.
Funge, was married to Arthur L. Daves,
Rev. Mr. Lion of the Episcopal Church
officiating.
; After the ceremony the guests retired
to the dining hall for supper, where elab
orate, preparations had been made for
their entertainment. The several apart
ments were elegantly decorated for the
occasion.
The Rev. Fred Sheldon, pastor of the
M. E. Church of Clarksburg, officiated.
After congratulations the guests sat down
to an elegant wedding breakfast. Thero
were present: Mrs. T. B. Key, Miss Mas
Hodnett, J. McC. Anderson, R. T. Marsh,
Lucy L. Dennis, Lou Rego Young, Olie
Kilgore, W. A. Johnston, wife and fam
ily, D. C. Connor, wife and family, Ethel
Bryan. The bride and groom left for an
extended trip through the southern part
of the State. On their return they will re
side in Alameda.
A pretty home wedding took place at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs.' H. S. Con
nor, near Clarksburg, New Year's day,
when their daughter, Clyde, was united
in marriage to Isaac N. Templeton, a
prominent insurance man of San Fran
cisco. " ' ---,..
On Thursday evening, January 2, at the
residence of the bride's parents, Miss Na
talie Scharousky, eldest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Albert Scharousky, .was united
in marriage to Robert Maxwell Healey.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
George C. Adams of the First Congrega
tional Church. Mr. and Mrs. Healey left
for a short wedding trip. On their return
they will reside at 274 Ninth avenue. -
The marriage of Miss Mayme Shea of
Stockton and Hugh Emmet of this city
took place at St. Patrick's Church Tues
day at 2 p.m.. the Rev. Father Cummins
officiating. Mr. Emmet is the business
representative of the Tomllnson Printing
Company.
Miss Bessie "P. Schwartz and Harry I».
Cohn were married on New Year's day.
The wedding occurred at the residence of
the bride's father, 2023 Pine street. , Owing
to the recent death of the bride's mother
the wedding was a quiet one. The cere-r
mony was performed by the Rev. Dr.
Levy. Mr. and Mrs. Cohn left for a trip
of several weeks. On their return they
will reside in San Francisco.
Theyrfe Married.
All the other parlors are getting ready
for Installation and also for the official
visits that are to be made by the grand
president.
Darina Parlor will install its officers on
the 20th inst, and Golden State Parlor
will install on the lath.
On the nigat of the 2d inst. the mem
bers of Buena Vista Parlor, after having
transacted routine business, had their de
layed Christmas party, with Miss Belle
O'Brien as Mrs. Santa Claus. She dis
tributed gifts from the tree to all the
members with a lavish hand and every
one received two or three presents and
they were all very nice ones.
Miss Laura J. Frakes, grand secretary,
has returned from her vacation at her
home in Sutter Creek and resumed the
duties of her office. ; . ..
Our Native Daughters.
Hereafter the resident grand officers
¦vrill hold a meeting on the second Friday
of every month, and will have present at
such meetings all the presidents of local
parlors. There will be a school of instruc
tion so that the work may be done uni
formly in all the parlors, under the direc
tion of the president of each parlor, and
at such meetings there will be a general
discussion on the subject of the best
methods of increasing the numerical
6trength-«f the organization.
The officers of Nlantic Parlor are to be
installed on the'Tth inst.. but the installa
tion will be for members of the order
only. San Francisco Parlor will have its
officers installed on the 10tn inst
Another new parlor is in process of or
ganization.
On the night of the 2d inst. the officers
of El Dorado Parlor were installed for the
current term by District Deputy Grand
President James P. Dockery. The new
officers are: J. C. Martin, P. P.; George
F. Suhr. P.; J. Keegan, James Broad and
A. Rossi, V. P.'s; J. Britt M.; E. P. Egan,
R. S-: J. J. Crowley, F. S.; B. McKibben.
O. S.: J. Guinane, I. S.; Drs. Hawkins,
Fleming. Conley and Frlsble, surgeons.
After the installation, which was a pri
vate one. and was witnessed by L. F. By
ington, first grand vice president, and
other gTand officers, there was the pre
sentation of a past president's badge to
the retiring president. There were ad
dresses by the grand officers.
The officers of Alcatraz Parlor will be
Installed on the night of the 9th inst
The following named have been elected
officers of Rio Vista Parlor No. 199: Dan
iel Fraser, past president; D. W. Fraser,
president; Otto Jensen. Claude James and
"W. E. Pratt, vice presidents; A. Laurit
sen. marshal; J. L. Pedro, secretary; M.
Christensen, treasurer, and F. F. Nunes,
trustee.
The grand officers residing in San Fran
cisco have arranged to make official visits
to the local parlors and have arranged the
dates to conform with installation nights
as much as possible.
During the absence from the city of
Frank L. Coombs, grand president, in
Washington, D. C, First Vice President
Lewis L. Byington will be nominal head
or the Order of Native Sons of the Golden
West
Native Sons.
Miss Alice Ticoulet, grand chief com
panion, paid a visit officially to the circle
in Vallejo on the night of the 3d inst She
was accompanied by a number of grand
officers and members of local circles.
The members of Inter Nos Corcle of
the Companions of the Forest of America
gave a surprise party on the night of the
last day In December to Miss Mitchell,
the recently elected chief companion j of
the circle, at her home, 934 York street.
About forty attended, and there was a
night of song, story telling, recitations
and music, and then there was supper
and dancing. The new officers of this
circle will be installed on Tuesday even
ing. \^
Golden Era' Circle returned to its old
home in the Alcazar building on the night
of the 2d inst., and it will in the near
future have an entertainment to celebrate
the event.
Robin Hood Circle had a." large meeting
on the night of the- installation of the
officers for the current term. Under good
of the order there were a number of ad
dresses by visitors, including Grand Sub-
Chief Mrs. Worms, Deputy Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Harrington, Supreme
Sub-Chief Mrs. Atwood and many lesser
lights. It is reported that Miss Mamie
Schoen, who retired from the office of
financial secretary after serving in that
position in a very creditable manner for
a number of years, did so in order to give
her an opportunity to change her name.
American Companions.
Mrs. Charles Adler announces the en
gagement of her youngest daughter, Mae,
to Harrie Stenge of this city. They, will
receive Sunday, January 5, at the Hotel
Wellesley, 1433 California street, between
2 and 5. . . .
The engagement is announced of Miss
Ethel T. Homer, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Homer Sr., to Stanley S. Mor
ris. -¦ • • ¦ ¦'• - .- ..¦;/¦:.-:¦•,.;.;>..
Judge S. C. Denson has authorized the
announcement of the engagement of his
daughter Laura to George M. Mott Jr. of
Sacramento. After a home wedding at
Judge Denson's residence, Devisadero and
Sacramento streets, in the early spring
the young couple will live in Sacramento.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Kaufman announce the
engagement of their daughter, Nina, to
Mack Rosenshine of New York. At home
Sunday, January 12, 521 Devisadero street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Hlrsch announce the
engagement of their daughter, Gertrude,
to L. D. Stoff. A reception will be held
at the Hirsch residence, 817 Bush street,
Sunday, January 12, from 2 to 6 o'clock. : |
The engagement of Miss Annabel Ellse
Wenzelburger to' Adolphus E. Graupner
was announced Monday at an informal
telephone tea given by Miss "Wenzelburger
at her residence, 3022 Sacramento street.
Those who assisted Miss Wenzelburger in
receiving were: " Miss Ella A. Wenzel
burger, . Miss Emma Moffat, Miss Eliza
beth Mills, Miss Marion Wilson, Miss Ed
na Donaldson, Miss Mabel Donaldson,
Miss Florence Yates, Miss Edna Wemple.
Miss Janet M. Pendegast, Mrs. -William
Gardner Cooke and Mrs. Lewis Sayre
Mace. Miss Wenzelburger Is a senior at
the! University of California. Mr. Giaup
nerjis an attorney of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Cohn of Marysville
announce the engagement of their niece.
Miss Paula Beck, to Emanuel A. Stern of
this city.
At a tea given in St. Helena December
£8 at the home of Dr. and" Mrs. Cornelius
E. Davis the engagement of their daugh
ter May Eva to Dr. Samuel Garvin of Ne
braska City, Neb., was announced. Miss
Davia has a host of friends around the
bay and throughout the State. She - is u
sister of Maude L. Davis, a pianist of
Oakland.. Dr. Garvin, a native of New
York, is a brilliant minister and lecturer
of the East. The wedding will take place
some time in the spring.
The engagement reception of Miss Jose
phine Fox and Charles Franklin will be
held Sunday afternoon, January 12, at the
home of her cousin, Mrs. C. J. Mund, 1903
Steiner street. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Schwartz announce
the engagement of their daughter Birdie
to-'Millard H. Krueger.
The engagement; of Miss Charlotte G.
Jewell, to Robert Oppenheira of Paris,
France, was announced at a reception
Wednesday, January 1, at 601 Brbderick
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Silver announce
the engagement of their daughter Rose to
X3. Davis of this city.' . ¦ ¦'¦¦.-. .
•The engagement reception, of Miss -Mae
Adler, youngest daughter of Mrs. Charles
Adler, and Harry Stenge will be held this
afternoon* between . 2 and 5 o'clock at the
Hotel Wellesley, 1433 California street. '•:
Theyr'e Engaged.
The dances most largely attended were
the Friday Fortnightly, the Argonaut
Club assembly and the Entre : Nous co
tillon.
The week before us will be crowded with
gayety. ¦
The chafing-dish party given by Mrs.*L.
H. Bryant at her home and that given by
the officers at the Presidio were delight
fully informal. Mrs. Eleanor Martin and
Miss Blakeman gave two popular eggnog
parties. .-
dental.
SOCIETY has been especially occu
pied during the past week getting
the old year disposed of and the
I] new one properly ushered in.. ; ,This
i due pomp and ceremony has been
the occasion of chafing-dish parties, egg
nog parties and late dances.. A ¦ goodly
number of optimistic couples began the
new year'bygetting married. Among the
marriages were *the Sch-wabacher-Blum,
BOlemnized New Year's day, and the
Parker-Campbell nuptials at the Occi-
. The hop to have be"en' given at the Rda
.noke:.Hotel/- on Bush' street; last. evening
has been postponed to 'January 18 our: of
respect to the memory of Miss Mollle Tay-
. On -Friday, December ; 27,~ the • ladles of
the Informal Luncheon Club were enter
tained fat; a; Christmas tree" and^ luncheon
byi; Mrs/ O. " B. • Caldwell' of,- C802 'Adeline
street,'. Oakland. The decorations were- in
red and holly berries; as Indicative of the
holiday season. | Santa Claus,' represented
by - Mrs. C. ; J. ' Lancaster, .distributed the
gifts. -Only .'members' of * the' club were
present.: -- ."¦ . •'.-' ¦.. ¦'- •: ¦ ', ¦ . , :¦¦¦ :'.J.'a.;.\.
Club Parties.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. , William Mitchell Bunker
of this city have taken rooms at the Nor
rnandie Hotel,' Washington,' D. C, for'the
winter. •
Mr. and Mrs. R. Kalis*ky and Miss Feli
cia B. Jacobs have taken apartments at
the Holland. = : <
/Miss Sybil I. Blum has changed her res
idence to the Holland, 1007 Bush street.
Mrs.- Georgie E. Mayhew, formerly of
1653 Post street, has changed her risidenco
to 1551-Post street. At home; first Thurs
day. /
The many friends of Mrs. Luke Robin
son will be pleased to learn of, her recov
ery from her recent illness and that she
is now recuperating at the Cumberland,
where she and family are guests for - the
winter. ' '
Dr. M. L. Fernandes of Pinole, who left
New York City six months ago for
Vienna, is spending the holidays In Rome.
Mr. and Mrs. John McGaw have taken
a residence at .2209' Jackson street, and
will receive on the first Wednesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Schloss have left for
the East on a two months'. trip.
Mrs. Robert Howard Bennett will re
ceive with Mrs. Walter Ellis Rountree
Wednesdays, in January, at 1602 Vallejo
street. .... ' -;-.-• :¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦.-• .-• ¦_:.
Latest arrivals at Hotel Rafael are: J.
H. Fritch, J. H. Benedict and -wife; Miss
Stilla Ziff eres, F. S. Glass' C. A. Burch
ard, John Piver and wife, Mrs. Anderson,
Miss Anderson, I P. I Stein and wife, Mrs.
S. B. Schloss, J. H. Polhemus, R. D. Mer
rill, wife and son, J. Bly and wife, Mr.
and Mrs. George E. Starr and Mr. • and
Mrs. Thomas Woodward. San Francisco;
Mrs. E. Davis and J. E: Morse, Boston;
T. Ena, Berkeley; Richard Sperry, Sausa
llto; F. A. Schrader and wife, Livermore,
and Mrs. E. B. Whiteside, Chicago.
Mr. and 'Mrs. M. Llndheimer cele
brate their golden -wedding anniversary
this afternoon. They will- be pleased to
see their , friends at their residence, 1 222
Van Ness avenue, ibetween 2 antl 5 p. m.
Mrs. . G. C. Sweeney Is passing the win
ter at the Jordan, San Rafael.
:..-Mrs." Clarence R.- Stern of San Diego is
visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. B.
Wacholder of 1641 O'Farrell street and will
be | pleased . to see her friends this after
noon, from 2 to 5.'-
: Mr. and Mrs.' Ellas Hof mann announce
the bar mitzvah of their son Alfred, Sat
urday, January 11;, 1902, . at the Geary
street Temple, and will be pleased to re
ceive their friends Sunday, January 12, at
1124 Gough street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mrs; S. Stencil has ' returned from Eu
rope and Is staying • with her daughter,
Mrs. J. P. White, 1747 Sutter street. They
will be at home the last Tuesday of each
month. .- • .. • . ¦ ., . ¦-.
-'¦'¦, Mrs. '¦:. A. ¦-' T. .'-' Barnett" and J Mrs.". : Brodek
have returned to the city and are residing
at 504 Steiner street.? At home first Mon
day. • ¦ ; ; '.» : '. ¦ ' f ¦ " ¦ ....
Miss Gerke has taken apartments at 912
Bush street. v '•-•-. :-; ~\ ¦¦¦
•Mrs. Charles H." Watt has returned from
a few weeks' visit to Los Angeles.
i The .bar mitzvah of .Master Joseph, son
of Mr. and Mrs. . Louis Goodman, took
place yesterday . at Temple Emanu-El.
lor, the pianist, who died Wednesday
after an operation for appendicitis.
•A' very pleasant New Year's party was
given at the home of Miss Viola i Ken
nedy, 127 Preclta., avenue, on 'Thursday
evening, January 2. . The ; '. evening was
spent in singing, , dancing ' and * playing
games. Those present were: The Misses
Elsie, Lily and Viola Schrader, Miss
Emma Moore, Miss Tessle O'Connor, Miss
Alice Nelson and 'Miss Viola Kennedy;
Masters Richard Doyle, Frank Doyle, Ed
die Nelson. James ~O'Rourke, Charles
Campbell, Robert O'Connor and. Joseph
Kennedy; Mr. and . Mrs. . Charles Medau,
Mr. and Mrs. Jake Schrader, Mr. and
Mrs. , McDermott, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Rice and Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Kennedy. -.
. On New Year's night Miss Josie Hana
van gave a delightful reception to a nuni-'
ber of her friends at the residence of her
parents, . 2712 Seventeenth . street. Tho
evening was most pleasantly, passed with
games, vocal and instrumental music and
social- converse.'. ,. Those .present '.were;
Miss Josie - Hanavan, Miss ¦ Dolly . Hansen,
Miss Alice Twissman, Miss Annie Rentch
leiy Miss Agnes Simpson, Miss Mabel
Rentchler, Miss Carrie Miller,' Miss Kate
Raisch, Miss . Madge : Hanavan, . Miss
Marie Hanavan. Miss ,"¦ Agries Hanavan,
Al McDonald; Ed Rlley, Thomas I Fitzger
ald,- Edward Stone, Frederick Rentchler,
Harry Morgan, Albert Warstaff , John
Hanavan Jr., -Eugene C.; Keefe..' Bolls
Ribicki, Minor Leddy,' Mr. and Mrs/ John
H. Hanavan, Mr. and Mrs.; John T. Hana
van. : '"?¦,:¦•-¦;¦- ¦ :¦¦•: - ; .•¦••¦.. ¦•- ,•.¦/',-•-;
Mr. • and Mrs. | F. | Holz gave a ¦ delight
ful; party at their residence New Year's
eve. Among: those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Walters, Mrs. F. 1 Holz,
Miss Alvina Oeltrich, Miss :¦ Blanche
Brpwell, Miss Camille White, Miss Jennie
Malcom, C. Hathaway, F. Holz, G. Pred
dey and H. ; Holz. . - \ :
On New Year's eve Mr. and Mrs, W. B.
Webster of Lyon street celebrated the
twentieth anniversary of their wedding.
The invitations were tastefully painted on
porcelain and were typical of a china
wedding. Mr. and Mrs. Webster were the
recipients of many presents. Covers were
laid for forty guests and the favors were
decorated steins filled;, with bonbons.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs; -W.: 13.
Webster,^ Mr. and Mrs. -Charles ¦ Deane,
Mrs. William Andrew, -Dr." and Mrs. A:
McFadyen, Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Kin
sey. Dr. and Mrs. Burritt Dow, Mr. and
Mrs. Edwar'd G. Zeile, Mr. and Mrs.
Washington I. Marion, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Myers Dr. and Mrs. A. P. Wood
ward, Mr. and Mrs. Byron Dlggins.Mr.
and Mrs. Edwin Goeller, Captain and
Mrs. George Korts, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
C. Biggs, Mr. and Mru. > Cornelius Vaw
ter, Mr. and Mrs. John Lubben, Mr. and
Mrs. James E. Field, Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Lighthipe, Miss Bert Klnsey, Miss Mabel'
Korts and Mrs. Lola Rivera.
An enjoyable surprise - party was given
to Louis Basch at his residence, 1176 Ellis
street, Saturday evening; December 28, by
his many friends. Games were played
and a few stunts were rendered by Chase
and' Wilson, comedians.- Supper was
served at midnight and at a late hour the
gathering dispersed. Those present were:
Misses Mabel Allan, Addle Morris, Rose
Simmons, Sadie Straussberger, Minnie
Jastrom, Josie Horn., Cora Davis, Ida
Labllng, Lucy Breslauer, Lillian Bres
lauer, Clara Willner, Florence Jones,
Bertha Gordon, R. Gordon, Mrs. Martin,
Mrs. Willner. Mrs. Basch and Sarah
Basch; Charles Simmons, I. Lippman,
Jules J. Verdier, Joseph Borgan, Joseph
Ames, L. Meyer, L. Herzog, W. Armcorst,
I. Simmons, H. Donovan, Fred Lutman,
Wilson and Chase, M. Lippman, F. Coop
er, Charles Rednall, Charles Cohn. Mr.
Schwartz, Louis Basch, Carl Basch, Jo
seph Basch and Ed Simmons.
On the last - Friday in December there
was a pleasant party, combining a delight
ful Christmas tree and a birthday sur
prise to August Eggert - at his home, 384
Fourth street, it being his thirty-eighth
birthday.; Those who attended were* Mr.
and Mrs. F. Rathjen, Mr. and Mrs. Aug
ust Eggert, Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Meyers,
Mr. . and Mrs. J. J. Bahrs, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles ! Loewenguth; J. J. Applegate,
Charles Herrmann, William Herrmann,
Walter Herrmann, Fred Herrmann, Mich
ael Straus, Mark Straus, Henry Norman,
Miss Annie Herrmann, Miss Bertha
Straus, Miss Allene Meyers; Miss Augusta
Eggert, Master Able Meyers, Master Wil
lie Eggert, John Munster, Professor Banz,
Charles Adam, Theodore Lutze, ' Charles
Herrmann, F. Rathjen, Charles Tolowsky,
Emll Mergolf, Carl , Burmeister, George
von der Woll, . George Wledeman, H.
Nienburg, Henry Koerner, William Muhl,
JuliU3 Spreckels and William Gerken. f
On New Year's night the home of Miss
Lou Siqueira was the scene of' great gay
ety, as the friends of the young lady gave
her a surprise party. Games', formed the
greater part of the amusement, after
which refreshments were served. Those
present were: Misses Anna McArthur.
Jjdttle Carr, Rose and : Gertrude Maurer,
Eva Pease, Ray Leper and Lou Sisqueira;
Messrs. Will and Walter Stephens, George
Kennedy, Ray Williams, Ed Evans, Al
and Fred Clark and Ed Sisqueira.
A New Year greeting and surprise party
was given to Mr. and Mrs. Anton Kreig
Jr. at their residence, l£0a Ban Bruno ave
nue. The evening was spent in dancing,
games and other amusements. At mid
night supper was served, after which the
merrymakers continued games, etc., un
til a late hour. Those who participated
were: Mr. and Mrs. A. Krelg, Mr. and
Mrs. Jere Counihan Mr. . and Mrs. A.
Widman, Mr. and Mrs. Pratt, Mr. and
Mrs. Walters, Mr. and Mrs. Meinert, Mr.
and Mrs. Coalstrup, Mi\ and Mrs. Carr,
Mr. and Mrs. Broughan. Mr. and Mrs.
McDonald, Mr. and Mrs. Wondolleck;
Misses A. Ayres, 1 M. Shea, N. Regan, M.
Conway, T. Peguillan. F. Eckles, A.
PederBon,.K. Shea, E. Peguillan, M. Me-
Carty, S. Counihon, H. • Coalstrup and L.
Gounihan; Messrs. G. Pratt, . J. Conway,
H. Roskamp, G. Dolan, D. Deans, J. Con
way, J. Regan, O. Thomas, J. Stack, A.
Dolan, C. Melnert, A. Krelg, G. McDon
ald, R. Blanchard, J. Counihan. H. Con
way, H. Fitzpatrick and H. Meinert.
A New Year's eve party was tendered
Mrs. M. A. Smith by her friends at her
residence, 1111 Buchanan street. The
evening was \ passed in music, dancing
and games. ,The principal features of the
evening were the instrumental selections
by Mrs. W. Commary and Miss Medey
Corlett. Among those present were: Miss
Hope Gunther, Mrs. Ada Lake, ¦¦, MessTS.
Hope Gunther and Smith, Mr. and Mrs.
W. Corlett, Miss Aileen Commary, 1 Mr.
and Mrs. C. Davenport, Master Orson
Davenport, Miss Nita Plum, Miss Zelpha
Hermann, Miss Grace Meyer, L.. Budd,
George Leg, . Miss Medey Corlett, . Mrs.
M. A. Smith, J. Holmes and Miss Mar
garet Stearns. '
A -Christmas party was given at -the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Kull, 1370
Eleventh avenue, Sunset District; Pro
fessor Alfred C. Monola and wife enter
tained in : legerdemain and- there was a
cakewalk 1 by Master Darrell and Irene
Kull; recitations by Alfred and Constance
Kull; songs by Dorothy Jones and Alice
Foley. Among those present were: Magr
gle and ; Josie Keller, Eveline and Ethel
Sommerville, Irene and Hazel Harring
ton, Dorothy and Guy Jones, Erma and
EarL Jothson, ! Anita and M. Diez. Alice
and A. Foley, Maggie, Myrtle and Lulu
Curley, Mabel and Hubert Jones,' Alva,
Nora and •¦ M. ¦• Jeffries, Fred and Lester
Ewald and Ward and Ray Cox. • : _/•
¦ A surprise . party was given to I Harry
Rothenberg, ¦: treasurer of the Cynthia
Literary and Social Society, by the mem
bers of the society Sunday evening, De
cember 29, 190L The ballroom was decor
ated with' the society colors. The hours
were pleasantly . spent In ; dancing , and
other entertainments. Among those pres
ent were: Miss Sadie Meyer, Miss Stella
Roman, rMlss Leonora Goldschmidt, Miss
Hilda Flyshaker, Miss Pauline Olcovich,
Miss Albertlna Newman, Miss Mabel
Rothenberg, j Miss Mabel Sinay, Miss
Myrtle Samuels, • Miss Dora Michaels,
Miss Edna Ansell, Miss Birdie Kantro
wltz, Miss ¦.' Sarah Fruchter, Miss Wa
Kantrowitz; Harry Rothenberg, A. M.
Mendelson, M. " Meyer, D. Kragen, J.
Schoenberg, I. Rothenberg, 1 J. M. Breyer,
A*. Ulman, M. Goldsmith, B. Nordman,
I. Bayer, J. Olcovich, M. Newfleld and C.
Crown.
Mrs. C.\ Brandt, Mies. Jennie Quinn, Jos
eph Harder, ; Al Selke, Miss Jessie Harp,
Miss Nellie- McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs.
Kraft, Miss Tina 1 Tledemann, ' Miss , May
Tledemann, Mr. - and ' Mrs. P. Hanschen,
Ida Hanschen, Walter Hanschen, Elf riede
Hanschen, P. Hanschen and Marguerite
Hanschen. . \-/;- ; ¦ .-...,:...>-..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUN DAY; JANUARY 5, 1902.
SOCIETY EVENTS
30
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«: . : Steamers leave Broadway
jffiw- Wharf, San Francisco:
rag55Bik^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. •
eSISS^W-^. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 18. 21. 2«.
»i£»kSK>*irK 31 « Feb. 5. Changs to com-
gSvJ^H \«3 pany'9 steamers at Seattle.
' 4L**reCStf1*al For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
NB^^j C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
*^ Tacoma, Everett and NfW
¦ ¦•—•¦^ Wbatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Jan. 1, 6, 11,^16. 21, - 28. 31. • Feb. 6. Chans;*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
i for N.- P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Bareka (Hnmboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Ar.sreles and Redondo (Los An-
eelen) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
Steamer State of CaL. Wednesday*. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles, calling at Banta Cm,
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). (Gaviota. Bonita only).
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. East San
Pedro, San Pedro (Newport, Bonita only).
For Er.senada. Magdalena Bay. San Joae del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.) — 10 a. xn., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain the com-
pany's folders.
The company reserves th« right to ehangs
pteamers. . calling days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. : •
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st, San Francisco.
f. - — — —
The 'Greatest of All
It begins here to-morjow and continues throughout the week. Every lady now wants more or
less BLAGK silk; we : have been carefully watching the demand for it grow greater and greater.
So we planned, and procured' from -the best manufacturers in the world an immense quantity of
various. weaves of New, High-Grade Silks, A^-L BLACK, to sell at very liberal concessions in price.
Thus the entire offering is staple and choice. Following are the styles and prices:
Black Peau de Soie Black Taffeta V Black Satin Duchessc
20 iiu worth $1.00; sale price $ .75 yd. 19 In., worth $ .70; sale price $ .55 yd. 19 in.,' worth $ .75; sale price $ .50 yd.
:2oin.,worth 1.25; sale price .95 yd. 21 in., worth .8s;^ale price .65 yd. 19 in., worth .85; sale price .65 yd.
20 in.j worth 1.35; sale price i.ooyd. 2? In., worth 1. 10; sale price . .85 yd. 24 In., worth 1. 00; sale price .70yd.
24111., worth i. 50; sale price 1.25 yd. 26 In., worth 1-25; sale price i.ooyd. 23 In., worth 1.1 5; sale price .85 yd.
24 in., worth 1.75; sale price 1.30 yd. 36 in., worth 1.50; sale price 1.10 yd. 27 In., worth 1.75; sale price 1.29 yd.
Black Satin de Lyon Black Faille Francaise Black Gros Grain
20 in., worth $1.25; sale price $ .85 yd. 19 in., worth $1.25; sale price $1.00 yd. 23 in., worth $1.50; sale price $1.10 yd.
24 in., worth 1.35; sale price i.ooyd. 21 in., worth 1.50; sale price i;25 yd. 25 in., worth 2.00; sale price 1.35 yd.
Black Satin Lumineaux Black Armure Black Peau de Cygne
19 in., worth 85c; sale price 55c yd. 19 in., worth $1.00; sale price $ .75 yd. 19 In., worth $1.00; sale price 65c yd.
FanCV Black Silks- In Choicest Designs
Black Fancy Satins Black Faconnie Moire Black Stripe Taffeta
1 in., worSt^^S Snco yd. * 4 % "^ * 3 '°°> '** $2 '°° f? ln " WOrth *** yd '
22 in., worth f.25; skie price i.ooyd. . Black Polka Dot Poplin Black Pekin Stripe Gros Grain
22 In., worth 2.00; sale price 1.50 yd. : r ",
?4 in., worth 2.50; sale price 2.00 yd. 20 in " worth $1.25; sale price 85c yd. 21 in,, worth 51.50; sale price Ji.oo yd.
Special Sale of
Ladies' Muslin Underwear
Our regular semi-annual Muslin Underwear sale begins to-morrow (Monday) on our third floor.
The sale comprises samples from one of America's largest manufacturers, and also the balance of our
fall stock. We can assure patrons who have attended our. former Muslin Underwear sales that this
opportunity not only equals, hut surpasses all our previous efforts. These hints of the prices:
Corset Covers , .......?. 20c, 40c, 55c, 75c, . up to I2.65 each
Drawers..! 25c, 45c, 55c, 75c, up to $3.ooapair
:Chemises... 40c, 50c, 70c, 85c, up to $3.35 each
Skirts.l..... ".... ; 50c, 80c, $1.05, up to J8.25 each
Gowns... 70c, 80c, £1.00, $1.25, up to £4.00 each
ChojCe TapeStrieS — At Reduced Prices
On our second, floor we are closing out odds and ends, in the Tapestry stock. They are this
season's newest goods, in lengths varying from three to twenty-five yards each, and at the prices
they are marked they certainly will not last long. . vi'
50-inch Tapestries in the choicest of Oriental 50-inch tapestry in a great variety of designs —
r«ripes and colorings; also Satin. Russe in a good some in self colorings, some in fancy figures, all
assortment of .colors, very desirable for couch in a splendid assortment of shades, that originally
covers, portieres and door hangings. sold for $1.00, now ||||tr '
o 1 • • • V - j . o 1 ' • * •• 1
: , i bale price, 37c a yard bale price, 67c a yard
Mail Orders receive prompt attention
1 foamy and Sutter Sfrgg/sl— — —7==
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon
Frlesland .. Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. S
Southwark .... .Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb 12
Vauerland .....Jan. 29lHaverford .....Feb" 1!»
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
: .-... -- CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st
Stopping at Cherbourg, .westbound.
From New York Wednesdays . at 10 a. m
Bt. Louis.. .....Jan. iffSt. Louis. Feb. 8
Philadelphia ...Jan. 221 Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
St.- Paul Jan. 29JSt. Paul....... Feb. 19
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, 80OTHAMPT0N, LONDON, PARIS,
or & ni. co.
Only Stm.m.hlplilnoto
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Shop* Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
, points. »O rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST HATES. ¦¦
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS '
SS. COLUMBIA Sails 1 Jan. 3. 13. 23
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER Salla Jan. 8. l£ 23
Steamer valla from foot of 'Spear st., 11 a m
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg*y, S.fI
•• -•• ..About Jan. 12 '02
S3. VENTURA for Honolulu/Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thurs., Jan. 16 10 a. m
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu...'
• • Saturday. Jan. 25. '02, 2*p. m.
J, D.SP3ECXELS ft BBDS. CO., Banerai Agents. 327 farkritt
fisa'l Passsngar Office, 643 Miriest St., Pier lo. 7. PacSc St
8ceamcs.s.C0 o »»»»"«
Cl-tECT LIKE TO TAHITI
SS. ZEALANDIA. for Tahiti
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATIOH CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. • Sailing from How-
Krd 3, pier 10, 12 m.
SANTIAGO .Jan. 8|GTJATEMAlAA.Feb. IS
TUCAPEL Jan. 28 IPALENA^T: .......
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street
¦¦ BALFOUR. OUTHR1E & CO.. Gen. Agents.
.; Cabin, 1105; Steeraje. |40; Meals Fre«. .
6. 6. Argyll bails Tuesday, Jan. 21
S. S. Leclanaw sails Monday, ' Feb. 3
tt. 6. Argyll , soils Monday. Map. .3
From Howard-street whart ' at S p. m.
Freight and Passeneer Of nee. !30 Market «t_
' F. F. CONNOR. Padflc Coast A e «at.
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK ;V1A, PANAMA OlREGr,
IIIIIIBIIIIIHIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIBIIUUIUIIII
5 >7 ¦
WE take stocK January 31st and arc anxious 'to ¦'
reduce our stock- Wrjat a soap. Just thinK of K
H it. Every article neW, of tbis season's % purcbase. No ¦
§ old past inventory goods to resurrect. Remember, 5
g only during January will we offer the following ¦
¦ reductions — a
¦ • • . - ' ¦ '' B
¦ r ' ! - : -' /••"-.-¦i '- st ¦ b
B Ladies'. Misses' ai)d Children's B
C . Raglans. g
U THree-Quarter Coats, Jackets. B
q Cloth Capes. i9
2/SX d\ / Tailor-Aiade Gowns. g
finS W / SilK. Sateeoaod Woolen Waists. . ¦
« BJ /O s Kirts. UndcrsRirts. q
w r| / Wrappers and Tea. Gowns. *§
k% p SealsKiQ Jackets. H
Ky^ Persian Lamb Jackets. Kl
'%^r Nearseal JacKcts. '. sj
P Jackets. H
H F^F^ F^R CflPES — Our entire stock. 1
§ M over one thousaQd, to select ¦
jr. from. . ™
¦ "pur Boas. • Bj
q Feather Boas, ; / K
G Lace Ruches. j B
S WHILE WE ARE SMASHING PRICES RIGHT AND LEFT, WE S
| ARE ALSO OFFERING THE CLEANEST AND FRESHEST B
| STOCK OF GOODS IN SAN FRANCISCO. §
| ROBERT WALLACE, I
| 219 GRANT AVENUE. |
B m
BHBBBnBBBHBHHBBBBHBBfl&RHBEBBBBHBBBBBaBBniBSSIll
CITY » F #fe PARIS I
Dry Goods *^^^^p ¦ Company, |
FINAL CLEARING SALE 1
COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS. I
Black NoYeltu Dress Patterns, reduced to $7 CH 8
(Formerlu $6.00 to $9.00) W*im I
Black Noveltu Dress Patterns reduced to «c 00 I
(Formerlu $9.00 to $12.00; |
Black NoybHu Dress Patterns reduced to XI cjfi |
(Formerlu $10.50 to $15.00) ' *fp£ i
COLORED FABRIC^. I.
ODD DRESS PATTERNS at Great Reductions to make «
room for the new Spring Importations. 8
REMNANTS i
COLORED and BLACK DRESS GOODS (from 11 to 5 1
yards) marked at prices to close. |
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
££. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square. &
Mail and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention. . '<§
¦ 0:43^ m..'3;15 and 8:30 p.m.. except Snn*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. in., 4:15 phTVImJO
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and
S, f 5SS; pler 2 « Mission-street dock. HATCH
BltOS. fl^HHRBflB!BMBSSB>S9nwMMW9lMiMaASMM
FOB U. S. NAVY YAR3 AND YALLEJO
Steaman GEN. PRISBIS or MONTICELLO
BAY AND BTVEB STEAMEBS.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
.AGENCTT FOR UNITED STATES and CaS£
ADA, 32 . Broadway (Hudson bulldlnc) New
York. J. F. fFUQAZI & CO.: Pacific Coasi
Agents, ft Montgomery, avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
COKPAOSrS aEHEBlI,^ ¦ ; 1EAH8ATLAHTI0IIZ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS 1 ,^.
Sailing every Thursday, instead otJ|W«r$^»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pter 42,SmsSkS
North River, foot of Morton street.
Some people can't drink: coffee;
everybody can drink Grain-O. : \t
looks ';aad tastes. like coffee, but it
is made from .pure grains. No
coffee in it. : '
Grain-O is .cheaper than coffee ;
costs about one-quarter as much.
THEPURE V^jf
grain;coffee
NEWMAN. & LEVHTSON.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29; with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
OCEAN* TRAVEL.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
oer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko), Nagasaki - and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
BS. AMERICA MARU .%..
ES. HONGKbNO'ifAi^T:.^^.*^. 1903
BS. NippON-MA^^^.f^^.f 0^:. 1902
Tuesday. February 28th, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSca,
421 Market street, corner First.
W.. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
For further particulars inquire at Ticket
Office, No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 10
Market St.. San Francisco. -
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $60, iacluS-
tng Meals and Berth, for the Round Trip. Pa-
cific Coast Steamship Company's Steamer Cu-
racao, sailing from San Francisco Tuesday,
January 7th. due back January 27th. will call
at the following Mexican ports: Ensenada.
Magdalena Bay, San Josa del Cabo. Maxatlan,
Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia and Guaymaa.
Ports in Mexico.
ADVj&ttTittttnfFiNTS.The Carson River Mining Company will
be . resurrected . and dredges ¦ will be • con
structed at a. cost of $20,000, according to
Dredging in Nevada.
Electric power. is now transmitted from
the plant of the Keswick Electric Power
Company on Mill Seat Creek, near Shin
gletown, to the ' famous Iron Mountain
mine. The extension of the line to the
mine has just been completed. The power
is used for lighting of the smelters, but
will be applied to the working of the plant
as .soon as the proper machinery is in
stalled.' * ; ,
-The. Redding Searchlight says that the
old mining camp of the Mount- Shasta
mine will be revived. This is on Clear
Creek, near the town of Shasta.- The site
has been graded for a new mill and build
ings will -soon be erected and machinery
installed. Mr. Gabb is the superintendent.
The Butler group of mines having been
purchased by ' outside : capitalists, it is
given' out that water will be brought to
the property, , aV distance of forty-flve
miles, and that extensive explorations
will be put, on. foot. The ore sacked up
to date has been taken out by the leas
ers and has been hauled sixty miles 'to
the railroad, paying high transportation
and smelter, charges. \ Butler is the post
office address of the mines." In 'the 1 town
are now- about 1000 miners, with:" their
families, and a year, has seen the growth
from a population' of eighty to the pres
ent size. The. town of. Butler now boasts
of a bank, a newspaper, a school and a
church. Butler is in the desert atan al
titude of C000 feet above the Bea level,
Next to oil, and in fact, once holding
first place, is the mining of asphalt, il
limitable beds of- this valuable • paving
product have been located here and
streets in many cities of America and
Europe are paved with Santa Barbara
asphalt. At the present time the output
is limited because of the restrictions of
the asphalt combine; but independent
companies are at work and the time is
not far off when the Santa Barbara ma
terial will again take first place In the
list of the available asphalt supplies.
During 1901 efforts were made to reopen
the quicksilver mines of the interior
ranges, but the product has not yet
reached the market. ' Development work
is progressing rapidly with success
assured. Gold has been gathered along
the beach at the mouths of some streams,
indicating its existence in the mountains,
but no discovery of importance has yet
been made. With many prospectors now
in the Santa Barbara ¦ hills, the outlook
for the county as a. mineral producer is
very bright.
The Santa Barbara Morning Press says
of the mineral resources of Santa Bar
bara County:
The Erin Go Braugh and Clodman
quartz mines in Tuolumne County have
been deeded to the Harvard Gold Mining
Company. New York parties have taken
under bond, mining claims on the Doyle
ranch, west from Columbia. An agree
ment has been recorded by which W. C.
Price of Los Angeles will purchase the
Blue"bell and Turnback quartz mines. The
company operating the Feliciana mine on
the Tuolumne River has failed to make
payments and the property has reverted
to the owner. \ The Melones Gold Mining
Company has taken up four claims at
Robinsons Ferry. Sixty men are employed
at the App mine. The Gaguere mine at
Tuttleville is about to resume, according
to current report. The Peterson place on
Big Hill has been bonded by L. R. Peter
son to R. W. Yuill of Columbia.
Santa Barbara's Prospects.
P. C. Dubois, field assistant in the State
Mining Bureau, furnishes the following
general account of the operations in Fol
som that have resulted in the discovery
of rich gold-bearing gravel: ¦'- ' •
"The new Gray-Wing drift mine is the
property in which the strike was made.
It is about four miles southeast of Fol
som and adjoins the old Blue Ravine drift
mine which has yielded richly in past
years. The region is a rolling one in the
very lowest of the foothills along the west
side of the Sacramento Valley. Through
this region an old river channel, belong
ing to recent time rather than to the
Tertiary system of dead rivers so promi
nent along the high slope, can be traced
for several miles. The gravel of the old
river bed lies deep and has been
mined more or less by drifting
along bedrock, but it has not, 1 been
extensively explored. Guided by the
past operations of the Blue Ravino
some Oakland people leased the adjoin
ing Plumb ranch of eighty acres and went
to prospecting the channel by the drift
method. A shaft reached bedrock at
sixty-nine feet, and after. some slight ex
plorations along bedrock the shaft was
sunk in the latter thirty-one feet, from
which point. a tunnel calculated to reach
the middle of the channel was run hori
zontally forty-five feet north. An in
clined upraise of twenty-five feet broke
into the gravel early In December. At
this point the bed of the channel was
found to display a low raise or hummock,
and behind this the richest gravel was
encountered.^ Another bedrock .tunnel
from the bottom of the shaft had been
run sixty-five feet south, and an inclined
raise to the west also broke into pay
gravel. It is reported that the richest
dirt encountered yielded from $140 to $160
to the pan. The workings of the Blue
Ravine and Gray-Wing Indicate a chan
nel width of 400 feet, with the rim not
reached on either side. Mining operations
are actively proceeding under the super
intendency of Pope Gray. The mine is
equipped with a steam hoist, the neces
sary buildings, washing: plant, etc., and
twenty men are employed. • The gravel is
loose, free from large boulders and is
taken out to a height of six feet above
bedrock. The dirt is washed through
sluices in 'the ordinary way."
Work on the big ditch for the Sweep
stake mines in Trinity County has been
suspended for the season. The pipe lines
are reported to be complete from Weaver
Creek to the great reservoir and the water
will soon be turned on for a test. The
Redding Free Press says that the man
agers could .begin, hydraullcking at once
if they so desired. •
Folsom's Rich Gravel.
The Redding: Free ! Press says that the
Afterthought copper mine near old Fur
naceville is now owned by the Tarbet
Syndicate of Salt Lake City. The En
right smelter, on the same authority, has
also been bought by the Tarbets. The
mine was under a bond for $50,000. The
Free Press also says that the Old Span
ish mine in the Lower Springs district
will -be put in wor King- order. :
The Amador Record reports that the
Peerless mine in Jackson district has
closed down and the machinery has been
taken out. The new mill at the Key
stone mine will be running In February.
A very rich quartz prospect is reported
to have been found at the summit of
French Hill in the eastern suburbs of
Mokelumne Hill. The George Upton mine,
north of Plymouth, has been fitted up
with a ten-stamp mill, which was brought
from Quartz Mountain.
Several milling plants of the Coffee
Creek region of Trinity County have been
closed down oh account of the cold
weather. The cyanide plants have been
especially affected, the pipes freezing and
making it Impossible to work the ores.
The Golden Jubilee and the Nash mines
are among those that the frost has
stopped.- Several smaller plants In the
vicinity of Union Creek have been shut
down.
'From several mining' counties news
comes concerning active • inquiry on the
part of outsiders for California' mining
properties. The Yreka Journal tells of a
syndicate of Oregon people concerned- In
bonding a large amount of mining ground
in the Callahans • district in Siskiyou
County. A Pittsburg company is also re
ported to be securing much land along
the south fork of the Scott P.iver and is
using a large dredger to work the stream.
The Journal says i^ench capitalists have
arranged to g;aln mining lanu at the head
waters of Scott River, on Scott Moun
tain, at Jackson- Lake, Boulder Creek,
Wild Cat and other sections. : The Coroto
man mine In Sierra County, which has
been under bond to Southern California
parties, has been purchased fbr $15,000,
according to the' Grass Valley Union and
Herald.
The Salt Lake Tribune of the 1st inst.
contained a review of the mineral output
of Utah for the year 190L The statistical
part Is largely supplied by the returns of
Wells, Fargo & Co. .The total export
value of copper, unrefined lead, fine sil
ver and fine gold, is stated at $17,580,457 88.
The 'Tribune increases this total to $19,
402,431 67 by placing the silver and gold at
their mint value. This 'is placed by the
Tribune against the total valuation - of
$17,402,431 67, making an increase in 1901 of
$1,668,305 91. Of course the figures for 1901
were based on estimates. The Tribune
explains its figures as follows: *
"In arriving at the totals gold was com
puted at $20 67 ; an ¦ ounce,, silver at 60%
cents an ounce, -copper at 15% cents a
pound and lead at 4 cents a pound— each
an average at which the respective metals
ruled in 1901. In approximating the value
of the output of 1900 the values of gold
and lead corresponded with those of last
year. The argentiferous output of that
year, however, was computed at 62 cents
an ounce, .while that of copper was com-'
puted on a basis of 16 1-5 cents a pound —
not a small advantage when looked at in
the aggregate." ¦ ' ,
A pamphlet has been Issued by George
L. Walker on the "Copper Mines of the
Southwest." In it occurs the following:
"Those who have kept a careful record
of the dividends paid by the reporting
metal mines credit the copper mines with
over 55 per cent of the whole. ' In other
words the copper mines of this country
apparently pay their owners larger gross
profits . than the gold, silver, nickel, zinc,
lead, tin, quicksilver, antimony, Iron and
all other metal mines combined. It is
only fair to say in this connection, how
ever, that a very large portion of the iron
is. mined by companies that are engaged
also in manufacturing and that the profit
made on the production of the raw iron
is In most cases credited to manufactur
ing and is not considered by those who
make up lists of metal mining dividends."
A company has been organized in Los
Angeles to develop the copper properties
In Jerome Canyon. There are eight
claims to be worked. . '
The Scott Valley Advance says:
"Miners are In .demand In all Northern
California at good wages. No idle man
need go through the mining districts If
he has any knowledge of handling a pick
and 'shovel. A number of B hands were
put to work in many of the properties all
over Siski you the past few weeks. The
cause of the scarcity is owing to the fact
that our county Is fast coming into prom
inence among mining promoters ana cap
italists who are investing 1 their money
within our surroundings, giving work to
many and opening many new mines." .
Total disbursments $1,214, 759 99, of which
1958,237 40 was paid in teachers' salaries. -The
total appropriation was $1,214,759 99, leaving a
surplus for 1001 of : $6860 01. Add s to this
$5911 10, balance brought forward January 1 1,
1901, and $5097 15, returned to the general fund
from the Children's Playground, makes a total
sum to the credit of the school fund of $17,
858 32.
present plans, to recover the tailings from
the Comstock that have been deposited
along the river bottom. According to tha
Pacific Coast Miner, A. C. La Bud will
put his scoop dredger | at work . on the
Zelma Bell river mine, seven miles north
from Colfax, on 'the north fork of the
American River. /%
Miss Elvina Berard was assigned to the
Falrmpunt School, and Mlsa Adelaide M.
Cobb, on account of Illness, was trans
ferred from the Bernal School to the eli
gible list.
The resignation of Miss Alice H« . Mar
quis as teacher in the Haight School was
accepted, and Miss Marie D'Or was ap
pointed to the vacancy.;
Assistant Secretary Charles A. Berliner
filed a financial statement of expenditures
for 1901, for which he received a vote of
thanks from the board. The statement
follows: ' ¦ ; . •¦ ; > ; .,
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Eebecca ; Jacobs and Miss Adelaide M.
Cobb.
Miss Lucy Wade was transferred from
the Hancock Grammar School to the Park
Primary School;; Miss Sara Allen, from
the Park Primary School to the Hancock
Grammar School, . and -Miss Ellen G.
Gaines from the Noe Valley School to the
Jean Parker .School. ¦ \ ¦.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and elected five new teachers into the
School Department. The resolution on the
subject follows: . , •
Resolved^ That the following named persons,
having passed the last written competitive ex
amination, the five highest in the order named,
be and they are hereby. appointed to the eligible
list of the Public School Department of the
city and county of San Francisco, subject to
the usual probationary period of two years:
Miss Alia B. Wright, Miss Emma G. Barron,
Miss Ethel C. McLellan, Miss May Wollner,
Miss Rene Cullen. /-
Frost Causes the Stoppage of
Cyanide Plants in the
North, .
Makes Several Assignments
to Regular Places in
Department.
Puts Five Successful Ap
plicants on V Elig
, ible List.
P. 0. Dubois Describes the
Folsom Beds as Der
yeloped.
CAPITAL SEEKS
PAYING MINES
BOARD ELECTS
MORE TEACHERS
31
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1902.
.£v : ;; AMUSEMENTS.
t* fl I '" ¦ I BLH D I A m FBANKSCO'8
bULUIVIDIA LEADING THEATRE
BEGINNING ~MOND AY.
TO-MORROW, mVFnUM I •
WAGENHALS and KEMPER Present
America's Foremost Theatrical Organization.
MODJESKA
; 'MODJESKA. ;¦:,¦; III 1 9
t MODJESKA as
Katherinc.
JAMES as
Cardinal Wolscy
¦ The most Complete,
. Sumptuous and Scho-
lastic Production Ever
' Shown in This City, j
Two Carloads of Spe-
. Special Music by Carl
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF, *
"A LADY 0F_ QUALITY."
Week Commencing; TO-MORROW (Monday) j
. . EVENING! ,
• : ,-:, '—FAREWELL WEEK OF ¦)'. :
MINNIE SELIGM AN
In a Grand Double Bill of A. Carrano's
"CAVALLERIA RUSTIC AN A"
' And W.S. Gilbert's,
"COMEDY AND TRAGEDY."
POPULAR ¦ PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, , 50c. sT5c.
Good Orchestra Seats, all Matinees, 25c.
GRAND OPERAJJOqSE— SPECIAL.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON,, Jan; 10,
. ATC:15 SHARP.
Second Symphony Concert
X . Under the Auspices of the ,'. .
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
Paul Steindorff, Director;
Orchestra of , Fifty-flve Musicians. Glulio
¦ ¦.:.:: Minettl, , Concertmeister. .
: RESERVED SEATS, ?1 50, 51. 75c and 80c
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a, Tuesday
Mornlnfc". Jan.. 7,. at 9 o'clock. .'Last Concert
Friday Afternoon. Jan. 17. . ( v
TO-NIGHT, ; SUNDAY. JANUARY , 5,
. / ¦ (Only Matinee Saturday)
Mr. Myron ; B. • Rice Presents the ¦ Effervescent
;-.;..;">rv:a'.b'^'i^Ecatag;. ..-...¦¦. :
WHOSE BABYl
ARE YOU?
••».. ¦-! : .: •; f- ¦¦-.,¦¦, WITH ."'''-"^T™™ 1^™^-^ - ¦ • . .
CHAS. wt n B0WSBR
-.'"And a Stronsr Company. \SWKJ "
SEATS. READY. ]CWsl
.Next Sunday— RICHARD GOL- /•Sf«t^> '
.• -^, , - k •'¦: ;*-.¦¦ .DEN. ¦<¦¦:¦'¦¦- ¦-• .
,In."OLD JED PROUTT.". .. ,. tf-jJ^SR". I
•SEATS THURSDAY. ...
: THE GREAT PIANIST. '•
JOSEF HOFMANN,
Can " Be . Ensaged . for Private ¦ Muslcalea In ' San
'.:¦ ¦ .'¦'¦ Francisco -and "Other"' California'; ';"-.-.¦.
; -(•'(:¦ '.''M "'-¦'- i-< Cities. '.•' ;• . -/¦'..¦-¦ v.
' .HENRY WOLFSOHN,' ''
Care of Sherman-Clay Music ', Company.' -*"„
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
Thursday Night-rr-iThe Amateurs
THE DARING LADY -. CYCLIST, COASTS
THE ' CHUTES . ON A BICYCLE.
ELLA BURT,
GOLEM AN* S WONDERFUL TRAINED
'DOGS AND CATS.
INCLUDING
Big Vaudeville Show
CHUTES and ZOO
AMUSEME2ITa.
Evenings at $ Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
"The Season's Brilliant Success!"
MONDAY. Jan. 6th— Fourth "Week of
Ferris Hartman's Jolly Spectacle, •
RIDING
Musical Director— PATH* STErNDORFF.
EVERY CHILD SHOULD SEE IT!
f-ffSADi "I'm Tired," "The Mermaid,**
¦* I -»i^«V "How the Irish Beat the Band."
"Mary Green." "My Ebony Belle." "When
Mister Shakespeare Comes to Town.".
CF?f7 The Beautiful Ballets, the Gorsreous
v *-'*-» Costumes and Scenery. Frederick B.
McGreer'a Lovely Transformation,
Nursery Rhymes of Mother Goose.
Coming*— "THE AMEER," with the Finest '
Company in America.
Popular Prices — 25c, 50c and 75c
•^ Telephone — Bu3h 9."
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GBACE, Jndgt ; JAB. F. GRACE, BUjpar.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - January 6U,
Annual Inaugural
— a:td —
Open Stakes.
CflAHPION HOUNDS TO
CONTEND.
94— NOMINATIONS— 94
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves - Third and Townsend streets 10:1%
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. xn. ¦ Twenty-,
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every four -
minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CEyrTS-^-LAPTES FREE.
81 liJ'B w J VB^ Hi BpsssB h Bli
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth. I^JH
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
SATURDAY "and SUNDAY.
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels la the wholesale and manu- .
facturers' district— on 'the other re- -
tail etores,' clubs,", railroad and
. newspaper offices, banks and ; the-
aters. . Street cars to all parts of
. the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
The Sorcnsens; < Max ¦¦¦ Stelnle; linns. D'Aul-
nals; > Mile: . Atlantis; - Carlta; - Paloma Quartet;
Valkyra Family; • Joseph ' Lyons. ' and Hinrichs*
Orchestra.- Reserved Seats, 25c. ' Matinee Sun-
day. .: ¦ ." . ¦".•¦ ' •¦'•' " -. • • >-
FISCHER'S .concert, house
ri 9;Hf l f <n :B' ¦•¦*. Admission 10c..'.
RACING
i^T *^^^^0^* «Cvery Week Day—
:^mr \ ¦. . , Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORN1AJ0CKBYXLUB
OAKLAND ¦ RACETRACK.
-Races start at 2:15 p. in/sharp.
' Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 ra and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 8 p. m.. conneotta«^
With trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry ' tickets to ' Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with ' San Pablo avenue
electrlo ¦ cars at Seventh and ¦ Broadway, ¦ Oak-
land. Also all - trains ¦ via . Alameda mola ¦ con-
nect with San Pablo ; avenue cars at ; Four-
teenth and Broadwr.y, Oakland. < These electrlo
cars so direct to the track in fifteen minutes. •
: Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:10 and
<:45 p. m. and Immediately after the laet race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President..
. CHAS. P. PRICE. Secy, and Mst. - - . v-
THISTLES AND DANDRT7FT.
An Interesting Parallel and a Valu-
able Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting down thistles no more relieves
the land of thistles than does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff.^ In each case
permanent relief can only come from
eradicating j permanently the cause. - A
germ that plows up the scalp in searching
for the hair root, where it saps the. vital-
ity, causes dandruff ,. falling ; hair and
baldness. If you kill that germ, you'll
have no. dandruff, but a luxuriant suit of
hair. Newbro's Herpicide is the only hair
preparation in the world that cures dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness by killing
the germ. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect." .
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
COMBINATION SALE.
$75,000 aSati.^'fis Wholesale Cost
':¦;•.... ¦'..... GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE. 1230, 1232. 1234 Market St. San Francisco.}
¦.GENTS : Referring to your offer, we have concluded to accept the same and hereby close out our entire stock of TAILOR
SUITS, JACKETS, RAGLANS, CAPES and SKIRTS at 44c on the dollar NET CASH, and inclose herewith invoice of same.
New York, Dec. 14,1901. v L. KATZUAN & CO.
Together with above goods we shall offer our enormous stock of Fall and Winter Garments at
=iUNHEARD-OF ! "JTjrrz
The public knowing that we never have made anything but a GENUINE SALE, will no* be disap-
pointed In THIS SALE, v >
THIS SALE WILL ECLIPSE OUR FORMER EFFORTS.
Goods and Prices Exactly as Advertised. Great Sale Commences To-Morrov/, Monday, Jan, 6, at 9 A. M.
¦ o — — — ; — ' • - • ' . ¦¦ __ o
TAILOR SUITS $I00 ° Jackets for.......... $4.95^ $ 3 .oo ' All wool. ' black.
iniLUll OtIIJ. is.oo Jackets for.......... homespun Skirts, with
$10.06 Tailor Suits will be . 20.00 Jackets for 25 rows of stitching, at ? .85
15.00 Tailor.; Suits for..... 7.45 17-50 55-inch Long Coats 4.50 Golfing Skirts for... 1.95
20.00 Tailor Suits for . 9.45 for % , U.9* tm Golfinc Skirts for 2.45
25.00 Tailor Suits for....... 14.95 20.00 Long Coats for. 12-4o S.00 boihng bkirts for... -«
30.00 Tailor Suits for..... 17.93 25.00 Long Coats for 14.0., . 6.50 Misses and Child s
0 . 15.00 River Mink Capes at 7.95 Fancy Trimmed Suits
— — '¦ — 10.00 Electric Seal Capes at 5.95 f or 2.45
.L^.; r ™ • 6.00 Fur Collarettes at.... 2.95 I0 .oo Misses' Suits for. ... 4.95
-. JACKETS.;: .95 5- a H w ool he
$4.00 Jackets sold for..': $1.45 2 . 5 o Melton Skirts. Cheviot Capes, 30 mch- f
5.00 Jackets for........ -.2.45 LINED THROUGH- cs long:, for 1.95
6.00 Jadcets for....... .7. 3.45 OUT, for........ .. .75 7.50 Embroidered Capes at 3.95,
©_ : —^>__ i — i — _ : : « --— i : -1— o
NO GOODS EXCHANGED DURING THIS SALE.
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
¦ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TrmSmm Iraf* »«J •»¦"• *¦• »• »•-«•••• m*
man rKAN«:i««:«. ¦ j
(Mam Line, Foot of Market Street) -*
UATB — From December 6. 19C1. — *Rnm
?c*Oa Ecnicia, imieuu, Elmln and fiacrm.-
rneuto .^... .............. 8:89y
-sMa VioTiUe, Wlut«n, Eum«<-j 7<O3»
¦: 1 8« a M fcrtlnez. »*" Unnoo, V ailejo. K*pfc.
CalUtof* *uil SanU Rota «:25f
fc:<MU D»tU, Woodland, KcigtiU Landing,
Marjeuiie. Ororille. ?:S5r
S:»*4 Atlantic C.xpreu— O(deu aad East *:25a
ftrtMt* NO** Lithrop. Stockton T:23f
mv«iM!« Mendota. Huiord. VlamlU,
PorterriU« «tS3»
8 :to* 8ba«<a Uzprew— DatU. VTillinni (for
IUrtlett Springs), Willow, ReJ
Blufl, Portland. 7:&3»
Si>*« San •><>*<:, Lit ermore, fctocktoii,
lone, Kaerutirtito. PiacerrlUe.
M-rjulUe. Chlco. Ued Bluff 4>S9r
SiS«a Otfcdale.Ohineae, tenor*, TuohuniM 4:25p
»:«HI» Haytrard. KlleB and Way BUUods.. I I:U*
•iOOa Vallejo IStSSy
K:«Ot Los AscelM Expren — Martinet.
Tracy, Lathrop, block ton, Mrretd
Fresno and Lot Ansdec 7:53*
«:««* Vaiirjn, Martiuaz anil Way Btatlom 7:53r
I e.-vu a The Orerland Limited— Ocden, Den-
«er, Uniaba. CUioag« StSSr
fliOAr Haorauiieuto Itlver ftteamnrs \ lltOOV
8:««r Hruicia, Winter*. Bacnunento,
V.'otiilland, KnU'l>U landing,
T.1«ry»Ti;!r, OtoTille l«:53a
t:S*r najrwurd. Nilci and Way SUtioni.. T:55f
«:»«p Mki'Mner.. 8au IUuiou. Vallejo.
Na|>a, Oalistoca. Hanta (tosa WtBSr
<iOOrN!le5. LlTrrmore, Stockton. Lodl... I2t»Sp
4 iSnp Hajrwmrd. !<¦" lies, San J nu, LI? ermore 1 ft :3 5 a
«:SI»rTi>« Oirl United — Fresno, Tulare.
Bakersfleld, haupu (or Sauta liar-
bar«. Lot Angelet 8;53i
SiOOr Port Coat*. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1U:23a
Stoer M&rtisrz. Atitioca, fatockton, Mer-
ced, Fiw.0 ltiSSv
• :o«r n»rw»ra, Kile* acd Ban Jolt....... ?<O9a
1«:O«r Valleje Ilt£34
O.OOi- Oriental Mail— Ogden, DanTar.
Omaha, St. Louis, Ohioaco *:23*
7t00p Oregon and California UxpreM.Rae-
ranteiitii, Marjirllle, Jttddhlg,
Portland. I'ntet Koui.d and Itaik >:S3a
•¦•3p8an Pablo. Port Costa. Martines
and Wajr BUUons A... 11>SSa
f««ap vaiitjo.!:. ..........„.!.¦ 7;5»y
COAST LiLNE (Karren Uang*).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
S<t8aKewark,Ceuter«llle,Saa 3 Me, Felton,
Boulder Oreek.gautaOtuz and Waj
etatipns ttfB
i *i 1 0 r Pc«tk Ceu terrtlle. bar Jose, Kew
Almaaen, Feltoa. lloulder Creek.
Santa Utn and Principal YF*jr
Slatioui .-: !•>»••-
«i1Sp Keirark. 8aa Jote. Lo* Gatos i8:S0&
€*.3or fiuBtert' Train— San Jom and TTsy
BtatloM 17^0f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tNB EU rtiS CISCO— Fo«l ef Market Street (Slip E>—
tl:lt t.-00 11:00a.m. 1:83 |.C3 E:lBr.«.
rriKcaun-ruurjrtWi..T.-t«:co ttM ts.-o*
ie:Wi.M. 13:03 8J3 i:tir.u.
COAST LINE (Broad ««¦{¦•).
(Third and Townaend Sta.) ' — .
~ «il«A6aa Joae and Way StaUons.. ....... «<4Oa
?:S«a Sau Jostand Way fiUtluiil f8r«*V
/7:O«i New Aliradf t> / «tlOf
*:OUACoaet Ltse Limited — Bu Jom.
Gilrcy, BaHaaa, Saa Lu5§ Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Ixm Angeles attd
nrlndpal icterznedU ' e stations.... 1O:«3»
•tOOA Han Jum. Tres linos. HuiU Crux,
f.rii.c (Ireve, halinsa, San Lnis
ObUrpo and Principal intermediate * ¦•
Mailrtin 4:t*r
l*t30A B&a Jose and Way StattottL. M:3«4
I I:1»A han .lose ami Way Stations 0:4*A
1t:«!>p Ban Matro. Uedwood. Uenlo Park.
Palo Alto, han t a Clara, Ban Jaee,
Trea Finos, Satita Crux. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific Gro»e 11<):45a
»:S»r «-sn.1esBaiid Way Stations. !:*•»
Hzlir SanJostauil rrincirxl Way fetation t Si30f
« :30r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, WidayK. for Los Angeles, El
J'aso. I«ew Orleans and New York.
ArriTe* Suodays. Tuesdays and
Thursday* 1O:ISa
fSr«*rSan Joee, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 1":00a
S>3«r San .lose and 1'riuelpa! VTay SUtlor.i 0:30f
S:3«i> San.lnsmiicl \V»y .surunm ?<t*V
t:Mp New Orleans Exiirens — San Luis
Obiepo. Santa Harfcara. Loa An-
celes. D -mine El Paso, Kew Or-
leans and li«st 7:30a
«ll:4.Sr San .linr>n.l Way Stations 7:301
A (<w MiiniiitK I' for Afternoon.
fMuiiilav t x««!>ted. ! Sundar on!y.
( /Tu«dsrs laid Fridays^
Street, San Francisco.
Rooms 4, 5 and O, 26 1-2 Kearny
Frank H. Wray, M. D.,
.FIDELITY BCPTUBE CURE,
Such being the case, I shall use
every bonest endeavor to bring this
cure to tbe notice of the afflicted,
and hope that thereby many suffer-
ers will be enabled to benefit by
this one and only hope that ean l»e
held out to the ruptured, for the
"FIDELITY" Cure does cure, and no
other treatment accomplishes tbe
desired effect. For this reason X
bestow unqualified praise upon the
"FIDELITY" System and advise
every victim of hernia to avail him-
self of the cure it offers beyond
'Question or doubt.
Dnrinar - the past eleven years . I
Have closely observed the projrreas
made by the "FIDELITY" , Cure, and i
Bcarcely a day has passed by that I
have not pursued investigation
through some one of the avenues of
information which open . to those
who seek truth and esteem facta
above all theories. As a. result I
have had before me case after case
wherein all other sources were ap-
pealed to in vain, but which yielded
to the potent power of the "FIDEL-
ITY" system, which brought perma- '
nent cure in every case coming to
my notlee. Ik the lijrht of such facts
I do not hesitate to declare that thin
system of treatment offers not only
the only hope, but also a positive
cure to every sufferer. >
The fact that our doctors do not
receive si cent until a cure is accom-
plished is sufficient evidence of'
their honesty and responsibility, as
well as their faith in the power it
possesses to permanently cure rup-
ture In 'whatsoever form it may!
occur. .
nut even the reliability of its
physicians or the financial reipon-
slhlllty of the company alone would 1
not entitle the "FIDELITY" Method;
to commendations, but I have gone'
further than this and demonstrated
by Indisputable evidence that thisj
treatment Is all that Is claimed, for!
last month X corresponded with sev-j
eral hundred patients who received
this treatment years ago, and their
reports were that it can be depend-,
ed upon as a cure sure and perma-;
nent beyond the slightest peradven-,
tore of a doubt. i
To the readers who may be rup-
tured We have . a -word of earnest
warning. Let not the vletim of;
hernia lay to his soul the flattering; j
unction that, because his rupture is
not as serious as some, he stands in!
no danger. >"o one, not even the
surgeon, can predict irhat a day.
may bring forth to the ruptured,
although, relatively, lie does not
appear to have as bad a case as;
others who are victims of this dread'
malady. *«-. . <
The ruptured man Is never safe|.
strangulation may occur without a
second's warning; he is always in
peril* always upon tbe brink of the!
volcano. A slight strain,* a fit of
«oughin*7, a sudden step— any off
these may be the cause -which accel-
erates Ms doom and brings to bint;
a fate worse than death, for the]
victim of strangulated hernia is;
practically beyond hope, the only;
recourse being a difficult and pain-
ful surarlcal operation, which train-
ed surgeons regard as being not
only the last resort, but, at the
•ante time, a dangerous expedient,
•which more frequently leads to
disaster than to success. This being
the cate> it is worse than folly to
pursue the suicidal course of refus-
ing the proffered aid of a thorough
and effective curative system such
as the "FIDELITY" Method alone
offers. It costs nothing to call and'
wave an examination made, and:
costs nothing for the treatment;
until a permanent cure has been;
accomplished. In the light of sneh
facts, It is the duty of every suf-
ferer to avail himself of this oppor-
tunity, or if he is not sufficiently
appreciative of it, his family physi-
cian should lend his entreaties to
effect the action, for every day and
¦«-%-cry hour the ruptured postpones
his cure Just that long he is in dan.
KTer of imminent disaster, if not
death..- £¦•-:,
"Whilst entertaining: a. most favor-
able opinion of the "FIDELITY"
Rupture Cure, I ara frank to confess
that the results have been far in
advance of my most sanguine expec-
tations.
In ttff =.=*T^raI czuvzz of Its dlatrl-
•tation thfa paper Trill fall Into the
hands of many reader* who are suf-
fering TritU hernia, and those who
have friends who are victims of this
terrible affliction j and to suoh this
article li especially directed, for ft
brina-s with it tidlnars of nope,
which every- raptured person may
realize If he desires to do so.
The Weekly Call.
$1 per Year.
J K ATX WAY TBAVEL.
I NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
; : >i'J r ; ;: Via Sausalito Ferry
; Commencint; September 29, 1901.
1 FltOM FAN KRAXCISCO TO MILL. VALLKT
A\D SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK. DAYS — 6:55. 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 0:15, »C:15, 6:45 p, m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
1 Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
: <:ays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
I SUNDAYS — *8:O0, *10:O0, »ll:30 a. m.. *1:15,
i 3:15. *4:45, C:SO. 9:30 p. m.
1 Trains marked <•> run to San Quentln.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 0:27. 7:45, 8:35 10:15
a. m.. '12:25. 2:15, •S-.SS, 4:40, 5:30 p. m. :
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
snd Saturdays at 0:45 and 9:55 p. m. .
SUNDAYP— fl:15, •6:00, »10:00, »11:45 a. ra.,
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45, *0:30 p. m.
Tralim mcrked (•) start from Ban Quentln.-
TROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:W, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. -Wednesday!
ccd Ralurdcys at. 7:10 and 10:3S p. m. -
SUNDAYS — 8:05, 1«J:O5 a. m., 12:05, 2:15,
= :30. 000, 0:45 ;i. m - ¦ <? •
THROUGH TRAINS. !
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero , and way
Buttons. , . . * -¦¦-....'•
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
Ftatlons.
8:<X) a. m. SundayB-r-Duncan Mill* and way
station*. - "... ¦¦>¦¦: < : . .
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. .. .-.. , .
fjr*. Cr4ICHZ9TER'8 ENGLISH
t3 __vfL"~v Url(l>»T und Unif tieaalm.
tor CmOliKSTER'K KNGLfiilk
&<•*&&%& la UE1» a&<3 Uold meUUlo ber«. aealcl
~£\ r~?%ite ""'"> Wm ribbon. Take bo other. Hefuta
T?* tt*^ VVJ Di«ctr*u femk«tlt«tl«a* and Imltw
I / *~ ftr tlonn. Bn/ of year Cruejlit. or Mill 4e. is
I • kT iiBpi for PnrtlcDlan, Teatlmontals
\ w* C7 »«« **Iten«rfor Ladies," fc> fercar, »/ ro.
— \T ~-__Ar tnm MkII. lO.OOOTotlmnnlali. Soli bj
teato* this piptr. HadlsM. ta«ari, l'UXLA , *\£
l visit DR. JORDAN'S great
OF flHATOMY
0 Cjd !Csl2fAEn:Tjr.bt.e:ht7i,S.F.Cil.
\ ,QT The LareeM Anatomical Muieum in the
& i— | ijnfn, World. Weaknesses or inf contracted
" C5?K?tf *!.«»« po>itfv«l7 cared hy the oldest
Q jgHl bpedilin ou the Coast. Est. 36 years.
A |^w fl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
1 f Ct^fc5n Consultation free and strictly private.
A I JOTS/ H Treatment personally or by letter. A
V fl nr <n B Potitivt Curt in every case undertakes.
A P .7 Wot Write for Rook. PBfLOflUPnY of
V I tf I PI BiABtBIAGE, MAILED FREE. (A.
\ (i (L valuable book for mm) .
" DB. 2OBDAN A CO.. 1051 Alnrkrt J?t..S. P.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Sc.
Sen Franci«co u> can Rafael.
V.iTEK SATS— 7:30. a; 00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
*:£«, £:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursday* — Errr*
trip at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays — .Extra tzlpa at
1:60 and U:§0 p. m.
£UNDAT6— f.UQ. 8:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:M. 8:30.
6:00. fi:2a p. m.
baa ttniite. to -' na Francisco.
WEEK JjAYfi. — b:lu. 7:&O. »:20. 11:1« a m.;
LZ:«£. 8:10, 6:U p. za. bauiraays— £ztr»
trips at IM and 6:36 p. m. ¦ \
EUKDAYS— 8:10. »:«•. U:lo a. m.; 1:40. 3:M.
t:05. 6:2» p. m. -
Leave ( In Effect"! Arrive
S*n FrancUco. JApr. 28. 11K>1| Sa.n Frandaoa.
Week j Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I gays. | Destination | days. | Days.
«:S0aaa 6:0o&m| Nova to. 10:40am b :40am
H-.iXifiL. »:30ai& Petalum*. 6:05pm 10 :25aa
6:10pial 6:(K?piaiSacu, Rosa. 7:S6pm «:20pQ>
Fvitoni j
7:30am Windsor. 19:28ua
j 6:00pB Bealdsbuix, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyserville.
£:SCpm 8:00axn Cloverd&le. 7:3Epni 8:20pm
7Ut0am 6:00ptn Hoplaod. 10 :4oam 10:25am
aj:&bpm b :00am and Ukiah. 7:25pm 6:20pm
7^0am 10:40am 10:23am
S :00&m GueraevlUe. 1 :SSpm
S:S0pm 5:00pm - 6:20pm
7:3Uam 6 :00am Bonorr.a 9:l£am 8:40am
and
6:10pm & :00pm Glen Ellen. C :05pm C :20pm
7:30aral 8:00sjn| |10:40am|10:25am
'¦i:S0pm| 6:00pm| Sebastopol. I 7:25pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and Whit* Eulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
Go-Hrvill* for £t»Kc» tprlruea; at Cloverdii*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Eprinrs. Kelseyvllle Carls-
t«d Springs, Soda Bay. Lekeport and Bartlett
hiTlr.gs; &t Uklkh tor Vichy Bprlngs. Baratog*
bprin^s. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
tarings. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierlcy"*. Bucknell's.
Kanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr'» • Hot
hj.ni^s. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags, West-
i-ort, U&al. W'llUts. Laytoaville. Cummins,
1M1'» Kprines, • Harris, Oliten'a. Dyer. 8coti*
and Eureka.
Saturday to tfo&day roucd-trlp tickets « re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polats
bevond Ean RaZael at half rates.
Ticket office. 65C Market street, Cnronlcla
kvUdlCf.
a. c, whiting. n. x. rtan.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Para. Act.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
j Local Llm'd j Ovrl'd Local
\ Daily Daily | Daily Daily
Lv. Sanrranl 7:20 a| 9:00 a! 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.|lO:18a!ll:45a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced.. .112:25 pi 1:17 p| 1:30 a 9:11 p
*' Fr*sno...) 2:05 p| 2:35 p! 3:15a!10:50p
'• Hanford.l 3:12 pj 3:27 pi 8:05 a
•• Visalia ..] 3:39 p 5:00a ...
*• Eakerefld 6:15 p 5:20p 7:45al
'• Ivan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a..
" Chicago..} j.2:15p 9:00 p|
a for morning, p for afternoon.
y:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, earning Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining- Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in Ban Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — C41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
L^ve \ia Sausalito Ferry Arrive
Sinj^nin^ Foot of Market St. San Fran.
St.! *£ ».«,,,,«..*._ £^ wg-
Tur, Urn FrwiKs to SiMimH ui lUtmm. % 1 M.
• AMUSEMENTS.
©o — • 9«
g Week Commencing Tills Afternoon, g
JANUARYS. 0
• | NEW BILL |
• FOR NEW YEAR! %
_ Q
m Latest European Importation,
1 JACQUES |
| IMUDI J
2 The Mental Marrel. . 5
• iEDDIE GIRARD |
| -AND- O
• FLORENCE GARDNER g
0 j "The Soubrette and the Cop." f£
1 TBE THREE WESTONS I
O "Musicalltles." . ©
I ALF. HOLT |
S Whiatlinc and Mimetic Comedian. q
• JESSIE DALE g
0 Phenomenal Girl Baritone. 6
O : — ' '-—. ©
fB> * . MR. AND MRS. ©
g GARDNER CRANE g
5 Legitimate Farceurs. a
g HITTER'S TRAINED DOGS S
• ' Marvelous Canine Actors. O
• THE BIOGRAPH g
S With a. New Set of Views. S
• < ¦ . LAST WEEK OF ©
g A PICOLO'S A •
g T<..LILLIPUTIANS..rr g
0 -. Comedians and Gymnasts. 0
5 Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony. 10c; 2
• children, any part except reserved, 10c. •
ti) A few front Orchestra rows, reserved. O
2 B0c: front rows of Balcony, reserved, A
• 25c -- ¦-"• ' / --'-- ' - o
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 15c. 25eF=~
, TO-NIGHT, East Tune,
Denman Thompson's Great Play,
THE TWO SISTERS.
¦DON'T FAIL TO SEE THIS FLAY. -
DDTfPC' Evenings..... .......10a to 60c
rlilwCd Matinees ......10c. ISo. 25o
TO-MORROW -EV'G—AU Next Week—
' Leonard Grover'o Fascinating . Melodrama,
" LOST IN NEW YORK.»»
One of tha Big; Productions of the Season.
• "* ' ¦ ¦ - ¦ - — — •
MATINEB TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT."
' LAST TIME— THE BIO HIT.
CHARLEY'S AUNT.
Beginning; TO-MORROW. EVG.
Superb Production of Belasco and De Mille's
Great Masterpiece. ,
WIFE.
, '. Reappearance of Mr.- George ' Osbourne.
PRICES— 15c. . 28c. 8Sc. BOo and : TBc'
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS
¦VS.:
NATIONALS
TO-D4 Y.A T -Zs3Oi V
R EC RE A TION PA RK,
¦¦ EIGHTH AND: HARRISON STREETS.
i'here is n^tluag more certa'n
' in this world than that Raaam's ..','.
Microbe Killer will cure any casi
" of
CATARRH,
Ko matter how long: standing. If
taken according to directions. It
positively kills the germs of dis-
ease and frees the system of them.
$1 a bottle. $3 a Jug.j Circulars
and blood examination free.
SADAM'S MICROBE KILLER
».O., 147O Market St.. S. F.
Agencies Los Angeles, Portlan .
C, and Seattle.
AMUSEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1902.
32
• ¦'*-'; SPIRITUALISM— Continued. >
25i£r?r£rv : ERT^^^
..brockway: ...... brockway
:-.;-. 1052: Ellis, bet Franklin a"nd' Gough. .-
- Every . one receives a reading ¦ to-night at
Brockway'a. . . *-. - '. ¦ - -
¦ Prof. • Brockway Is •¦ a ¦ past ' master among
eeers and stands among the gifted of earth's
" sons. • • . ; . ¦ ¦
;-: He twill: tell you your errand' without your
having : to explain It to', him, and .will point
out - the . manner In which you may . over-
come : your present troubles; and will point
outto you also the shoals and quicksands of
troubles to come, that you may avoid them.
IN THE MATTER OF LOVE AND
COURTSHIP HE STANDS 'WITHOUT, A
PEER.- . . - / ;. . . .¦--. ¦ , ' ¦ ¦ ,. .. '
Prof. Brockway can reunite lovers If sep-
arated ' from any cause and bring about - a
. reconciliation among friends who . are ; . es-
tranged, from any cause.. He can restore the
. absent and : missing one. to r your : hearth-
stone, or he can tell how to charm and bring
•tO T you the one you 'love. ¦ ' . _
_ If you are contemplating marriage. Prof.
Brockway will tell you whether your coming
union '.will: be for your best interests or not;
whether your wedded life is to be "ono
-grand, sweet song.", as Grover Cleveland
-¦aid: of 'his, or whether discord will be your
lot. Consult him, and he will tell you .wheth-
er you are about to draw a prize or a blank
• In the lottery of ' marriage. Whatever of
, life s troubles may be spoiling your days and
nights, and mingling with . bitterness every
draught of life's happiness which you. seek
to quaff. Prof. ¦ Brockway can rentove the
difficulties and smooth away the troubles
from your pathway; can put away the thorns
' and bring out the roses in your life. ./
No one will have the benefit of this oppor-
: tunity who does not arrive before 8:15 p. m.
. and after 6 p. ¦ m.- to-night AM others will
be turned away. Special readings daily.
1052 Ellis at., bet. Franklin and Gough.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance,, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY' S psychic seance to-night. 25c.
1052 Ellis St., n bet. Franklin and Gough.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st. ; readings, 50c,
$1; circle Tues.. Thur.. Frl. night. 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
-Meyer; sittings dally; teat to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EMPLOYMENT .WAJTrEI> — FEMALE.
WANTED^-To sew in families; $1 per day and
car fare; city or country. Address D., box
2962. Call office. . '¦ ¦-- '--
YOUNG girl of 15 wishes a situation to «"»}st
in light housework or to take care of a cnim.
Please call at, 40 Lower Terrace, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth sts., near Asn-
bury. - ;
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, 'good fitter
and skirt maker, sews 60c a day or $3 00
a week. M. G., box 2955. Call office. ¦ ¦
LADY would like, work In rooming-house;
small wages; competent; good worker. Ad-
dress box 2958. Call office. '
A GIRL" wants' position to assist with house-
work; is kind to children. Call 219% .Te-
hama. st. '
TYPEWRITING of all kinds neatly done; rea-
sonable, rates. Address box 2982.' Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes position In email family
to do general housework; Just from old coun-
try. Call Monday. 320 Lexington ave., near
Twentieth at. - . -
WANTED— By competent woman from the
East, position as ladles' maid or companion.
Address MRS. L. G. HANNA. 1354 Tenth
ave.. East Oakland, Cal. ¦
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day wash-
ing. Ironing or housecleaning. Please call
608 Second- et
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
322 Third st ¦..'-¦¦-. ' - -
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements,
surgical or confinements; -terms reasonable:
reference given. Call or address :> Ladles
Nurse. - 127 Seventh st - - '
YOUNG lady 18 wishes to act as companion
to elderly lady or take .care of children; will-
• Ing to travel. . Box 2980. Call office.
WANTED — By an experienced young lady;
bookkeeping or assistant bookkeeping; salary
moderate. Box 3173, Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS modiste desires engagements by
the day; city or country; Btreet, evening and
cloth euita. Call up telephone Sutter 1873.
COMPETENT young woman wants position as
housekeeper; wages not less than $20. K.
L., box 2970, Call office.
WANTED^ — By young ' lady holding first-class
references from large Eastern firm, position
as stenographer; wholesale house preferred;
salary moderate. Box 29S6, Call office.
DRESSMAKER from New York wants en-
- gagement In families; tailor-made ''and beau-
tiful gowns; satisfaction guaranteed. 631
' Geary st. ' ¦ ' ,"
SITUATION wanted — Expert will go to ladles'
homes to give scalp treatment, facial maa-
. sage, etc.; best of references. MISS A. DA-
VIS, phone Folsom 131.
COMPETENT mother and daughter desire sit-
uations; city or country; -good references.
. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress de-
sires situation; good reference. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WELL-EDUCATED and refined young lady
wishes position as companion to old lady, or
will teach the English branches to children;
experience; best references. Box 2946, Call.
LADY wishes work by day or washing to take
home. Apply at 139% Fair Oaks St., down-
stairs. _
RESPECTABLE lady would Ilk* t» get work
In a rooming or lodging house from 9 to 4.
Address 37 Ivy ave., upstairs. '
A YOUNG lady wishes to take care of children
and assist with light housework; Jewish pre-
ferred; sleep home. O-, 1941 Mission st.
POSITION as ; housekeeper by neat, capable,
• elderly woman with references; good plain
. cook and laundress; likes children; wages
$12 month. Box 29S9. Call office.
POSITION wanted by a plain reliable German
. woman, with 2 girls, 9% and 2% years old,
in a good family. In . the country only, for
cooking and general housework; no objection
to children. Call or address MRS. ABEL,
. 717 Howard st. near Third.
A WOMAN wants a situation to do general
housework In small American family. Call
at 17 Hawthorne, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
YOUNG lady wishes a place to take care of
children In country or city; no work. Box
2037. Call office. . -. - -
FRENCH lady wishes to take care of children;
good home. 919 Pacific st. '
WANTED— Position as housekeeper, about Jan-
uary 1. for 1 or 2 elderly people, by mlddle-
' aged American woman. Address box 2380.
Call office. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket-J-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 SO
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; fre«
¦ . bus and baggage to and from ferry. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch-office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A YOUNG man wishes position In city as ap-
• prentice for cabinet maker or carpenter
trade. Box 2968. Call office..
A YOUNG man of 25 wants position to drive
delivery wagon of any kind,, or would work
in packing-house; 8 years' experience in
dried fruits; good references. Box 2997. Call.
FIRST-CLASS, shoemaker wishes position on
-repair work.* Apply 483 Tehama st
AN Al piano-player wants situation In city or
/country. Address box 2960. Call office.
WANTED — By a practical engineer of 10
years' - experience, understands the dynamo,
gas engine- and oil business; moderate
wages;' good: references. Box '2932. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work on pri-
vate place or small ranch or any other light
position In country; small wages; good ret-
. erences. Box 2957, Call office, r. * .
GARDENER, German, practical, understands
gardening In all ' Its branches, wants situa-
tion private family. H. F., box • 2956, Call.
POSITION . as " stationary engineer; thorough
knowledge of steam, high-speed engines and
generators; references. Box 2949, Call.
PRACTICAL electrician wishes position; 20
years' experience; references. Box 2950, Call.
SITUATION as grocery clerk by young man of
experience. Box 2974, Call. ..
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet: neat ap-
pearance, sober, . willing and obliging; expert
horseman and driver; fine all-round man; best
city references. M. M., 832 Mission st. city.
WANTED^ — Situation : by young man of 30; 10
years' exDerience in provisions, butter,' eggs
'-. and dried fruit: city references; bond If re-
quired. Box 2972. Call.
COMPETENT man wants place as Janitor.
Address box 2977. Call.
EASTERN young man; employment at any-
thlng; not afraid of work. Box 2978. Call.
A STENOGRAPHER and asst bookkeeper,
'.with 7 or . 8 years' . exoerience, wishes posi-
tion; best city references. Box 2983, Call.
YOUNG man and - wife. - German and Dane.
looking for work; man fine hand to take care
. of horses; i* good driver; worked before In
.dairy business. WESTERGOORD. 1710 Bush.
BY trained nurse with . hospital experience; care
of sick, rich or poor; will charge according to
means; massacre and electrical treatment;
best recom. Nurse, 518 Folsom; tel. James 11.
BY a young man, position as ¦ watchman or
man about place; wages no object. Address
' A. E. SMITH. 162 Perry st
YOUNG man with some experience In a whole-
sale . liquor house would like a position;
wages : no object. Box 2947, Call office.
BRIGHT young man, not afraid of work, wants
position as junior shipping, stock, freight
• clerk and wrapper; - best of references can bo
- furnished; wholesale houso ' preferred. Box
17. Call office.
SWEDISH man: desires 'position to do any
kind of ¦ work;- best^ references given. 253
. Fell st. ; telephone Kate 20.
VERY good cook (German) desires situation;
• saloon lunch jobl where . good .- cooking la
.wanted preferred. Address ,'W. • D., 5 Howard
: court between Fourth and Fifth sts.
MUSICIAN; piano and cornet; city or country
Box 2942. Call. ..¦->¦.'¦>
A -YOUNG man < wants work as laborer. Ad-
dress J. H., IS Hayes st
GARDENER. Englishman, would like a sltu-
I ' atlon as gardener for private family; 0 years'
practical experience in California. Address
C. L., 217 • Third st .
WANTED — Position by - experienced farmer
and fruit grower, . understanding laying out,
' planting of vineyard, orchard, etc. Box 3030
Call office.; _ . '
WANTED— By elderly wide awake American,
work with . private family; city or country.
Address box 3176. : Call of flee. ' . ¦ ., .
BUSINESS man desires position as bookkeeper-
long experience; best references. Box 3195*
Call office.
YOUNG man, American, wants place to work
while v attending . school; has had- experience
. . with horses. - Box 3197. Call office. - - _
A GARDENER, single, German, understands
propagation of plants, ; pruning, grafting,
greenhouse work, can milk cow handy with
tools, wishes position. Address Gardener
Baldwin House. 30 and 32 EHI9 st.
A SINGLE; _ temperate.' . experienced privat«
. coachman, good references. ¦ wants situation;
city or country; private family only. Ad-
dresa Advertiser. : 1123 Sutter st.
WANTED: by well educated, energetic and re-
liable young ' man of -20. . salaried position
$<5; ¦ six ' years' - experience in - office work
thorough accountant. - Box 3118. Call office.
JAPANESE, "educated ; young .man, wants t
-. few hours' ; work In' th« evening. • E. A., 801
Polk-st . '
m;si\R«» nuvnF.s — .<-v» ~ »>»«-»¦¦» a. _^
$l()0^RESTAURANT; : fine location; $50 1 to
.$60 dally. MILES & CO.. 927 ¦ Market,, r. 203.
§050— GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; In
Mission; good business: splendid: location.
MILES & CO.. 027. Market ¦ St., room 208.
$C00 — SALOON; 3 rooms; low rent; long lease.
- MILES : & CO.; 927 Market St.. room 208.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771. -'
- 6 Eddy St., rooms- 18 and.lU. ¦
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
. stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of
any kind. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearney st
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF you want "to 'buy' a business or : sell go to
DECKER. 021 , Market St. .... "
TO Let— Unfurnished, in ¦. Ban Rafael; a flnt
-brick hotel, containing . 40 rooms, situated In
center of town; when well managed has had
good patronage; fine climate; town growing;
. prospect very encouraging. Box 29 1 0, Call.
$.1000 — a SNAP; country 1 hotel: San Joaquln
Co. ; 88 rooms, 4 barroom and dining-room ;
all well ; furnished; clears over $200 month;
: full Investigation invited. C. F.. MOORE,
- 935 Market st. room 6. -.-.•-.
A DRUGSTORE; corfter; for rent;, first-class
location: Western Addition s\ two oar lines
pass; cheED rent; will make alterations to
suit tenant RIVERS BROS..' 205 Mont-
gomery st ".-.¦¦-
iO PER CENT average monthly profit 011 our
plan of speculation past 4 years; particulars
. en application; mention paper. : A. D. HAM-
: ,MOND & CO., 21 Park Row. New York. .
FOR $2000 will * sell half Interest in manu-
facturing business established _ 14 years, and
give Inside position at $150 per month. Ad-
dress K. L. W.. box 2953. Call office.
TO let — A store almost completely furnished, as
a restaurant; a good opening for cook or man
and wife; but little money required. Call or
address H. G. MEHRTENS, 1620 Webster
st, Alameda. . . -¦¦¦--. '¦- >> ¦
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery, baking over 2
bbls. a . day; store trade only ; ¦¦ kept by the
present owner 16 years; retiring from busl-
. necs cause of sale. Box 8199. Call.
A HAIR and scalp specialist retiring from a
business of long standing, will teach and sell
her business. Including valuable formulas,
cheap If taken at once.-Box 2607. Calliofflce.
$500 — PARTNER; Market-st restaurant; du-
ties are light; only to attend to cash; -fine
chance for a steady" man. Business Board
Trade. 326 Pine St.
PARTNER wanted In an established business;
can make $100 mo.; short hours: no experi-
. - ence req. Cal. Busslness Assn.. 865^ Market.
•r,oo — PARTNER wanted In profitable busi-
ness; no experience required; . no ' agents.
Room 10. 935 Market St. ¦
AN established manufacturing, wholesale and
retail,' 'business for sale cheap. Call at > 247
¦ : Flfth St.- ; ¦ ¦'
FOR sale— Branch bakery, laundry office, etc.;
S living-rooms; near large school; cheap.
Address box 3000. Call. - .— ¦ ¦
WANTED — To buy business for cash; will in-
vest about $1500 or $2000; no agents, need
apply. Box 3193. Call office. . -'.'
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St., Santa
Cruz, Cal. ¦ ¦ . ;
$450— RESTAURANT suitable for * man. and
wife; good business;. must be sold. Box dio4.
Call office. - - - •¦'--"-
FOR Sale^ — A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg, Cal.
A LADY or gent; $500; partnership mfg. spec,
laities ; immense profit. Box 2938, Call.
FANCY dry goods for. sale, cheap; ¦ splendid
opportunity. 1531 Devlsadero-st. ¦ ¦•
ESTABLISHED undertaking business in Oak-
land at Invoice. Box 700. Alameda.
WOOD and coal yard; fine location. Cornei
Fifteenth and Clay sts., Oakland. - v
FRUIT store for sale on easy terms; paying
business. 151 Ninth st. -',.-¦--¦ .
WANTED — A partner In trained animal sho-w
business. Fourth and Delaware sts.,- Berke-
ley. ; - . - .¦ :..-¦¦¦ '
A — $850; CANDY factory and Icecream parlor;
clears $150 mo. Strand & Co., 209 Kearny.
GROCERY store will be sold cheap if bough)
to-day. 1201 Golden Gate ave. •
SALOON and restaurant to let cheap. Applj
908 Laguna st. ¦ - '
I WANT to buy a saloon or grocery and bai
either side of Market.. Box 2941. Call office
WANTED — Laundry route, horse and wagon
state price. Address box 2992. Call office.
BROOKSVILLE Hotel and bar at. R. R. sta-
tlon, Holy Cross Cemetery, for sale or trade,
MECHANIC with business ability desires busi
ness Interest for small capital. Box 2990. Call
FOR sale — Saloon. Inquire 613 Sansome st.
¦cheap. ¦": ' --•¦:..->¦ . ; ' ¦
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; bes
location. Address A. B. C. Oakland.
FOR SALE— First-class fruit and vegetabli
store. Call 557 'Geary st \'
BAKERY for sale; shop trade; over 2 barrels i
day. Box 3026. Call. .
CANDY store and factory with living room fo:
sale account Illness. 2474 Mission st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200.... $1900
14 rooms; worth $800 600
10 rooms; only ..'........ 300
24 rooms ; near Powell and Geary 1850
-. 18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms: transient; clears $150... 1250
23 rooms;' clears $100 »5Oi
100 rooms; clears $400. 6000
-; 10 rooms; on Eddy st.... 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN. ... . .
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 70C
60-ROOM HOUSE, SURE- TO CLEAR
.$300 EVERY MONTH. PRICE $3500...
Payments to suit DECKER, 1020 Market
S9-ROOM HOUSE
Price Only $1900; Payments.*. ......
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st
A ¦ '¦ Near the Call Building.
. Phone - Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-
2. Money to loan . on
lodging-houses or on
real estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at
my office. All for sale on easy terms. Call.
22 r. ; rent $66; central;l floor;clean;full.$1200
35 r.- clears about $60 each month $750
25 r. ;rent $50;income $150;3 blka of Mkt.$1600
.36 r.; 40 boarders; first-class location; clears
$175 mo.; owner sick; exchange for small
house or real estate; Investigate; make offer.
13 r. ; fine carpets; low rent; a bargain.. $350
47 r. ;elegant ;clears $147 mo. ;slmply lst-class.
A — WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market; photo-
graph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211. -
Invite you to call upon them If you desire to
¦uy a lodging-house, and- you are certain to
. ¦ obtain fair dealing. Specials:
30 rooms; rent- $76.. $1400
46 rooms; rent $100 ...8250
45 rooms; rent $125........ 2900
16 rooms; rent $67 675
14 rooms; rent $60..'. .1000
18 rooms; rent $37 60................... 1060
, CALL ON RETSLOFF. HE CAN SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner sick;. must sell........ $200
12 rooms; corner; clears $45 625
100 rms. ; grand cor. ; clears $500; paymts 5500
.21 rooms; Al location; payments....... ."1000
8 rooms: Just listed; good.. 300
18. rooms; well furnished; bargain... ...1250
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale...! 8000
.10 rooms: best In city; payments....... 600
Money to loan. . •¦ A. H. . RETSLOFF, -
(Tel. John 531.) 008 Market st., cor. Ellis.
, AA. . . ATTENTION, : BUYERS ¦. . . .".'. . AA
; . ¦ You may buy any rooming-house In the
; . city and pay for It . .. •-.
In monthly . payments . ',• : ¦ .
From the profits of the house. .
We furnish vacant - houses
And loan money at lowest ' rates.
¦ DONALD INVESTMENT ' COMPANY,'
; 850 Market st. - - Tel. Davis 281.
! $1500 — 100-ROOM . house ; cheap rent : ;
$400-r-34- room house; cheap rent. ¦- ¦¦ '
Good-paying workingmen'a ! houses ; 70 houses
" more on list; some good bargains; before you
buy call and investigate. ! . McBRIDE & CO.,
; . 7C8 Market st . .. ¦ ¦ : - >--*,.•
! BUYERS, ¦ If you want a' lodging-house that
will pay. or to borrow money at 1% per cent,
call on M. E. . RIVES. 916 Market st ; tel.
» Main 128. .... .•"•..' -.„-'.
¦ J. ' H.' ST ANTON. ! real estate and 1 , business
; • chance agent; removed from 84 Kearny st. to
777% Market st;- hundreds of ( lodging-houses
! . and business chances.' . • -¦ .
A — NOTICE — We , , have rooming-houses, , < all
" sizes and prices. • in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt
! A— WE buy, sell or exchange lodging-houses of
% . any kind. ., STRAND - & CO.; 209 Kearny st.
: .'/.¦:. SPIRITUALISM., .
} ! DON'T fall to read SIR HENRY - PRI-
CHARD'S large ad on page 24. .' ;.'•-,-. ¦ ¦¦
- ' BROCKWAY, - 1052 « Ellis,' bet Franklin -and
• , Gough; • phone .Larkin 3761— Seancea 7 Sun ;
• Tues.;; Thurs.',' 8:15 p.jm.; 25c; readlnga, 10 : 5.
A^-C.' V. MILLER/ world's famous materiallz-
' ing r medium; spirits speak' face to face; seance
. Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p.m.; 50c.' .1084, Bush st.
• TEST . seance to-night .- 25c, 1 - BROCKWAY7 . the
Psychic, -1052 Ellis, bet.' Franklin and Gough.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead: hanplness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
eight Into the future; if you are In trouble of
any. kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied • In .. life, consult "-Ismar. for- she Is a
prophetess of world-wide -fame, and her name
has become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice; Ismar can
be consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m., at her office,
1148 Market st, opposite- Sixth. . . -
! SPECIAL— Owihg to a large number of In-
quiries from country patrons, • Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfa-ctory as In person; . readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD,
• THE, FAMOUS. '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your ' life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you. are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them.. Valuable" advice In all affairs of. life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— $5 READINGS REDUCED TO 50 CENTS.
|10 READINGS REDUCED TO $1.'
This week only; Wesley - Oman, clairvoyant
and p3y chic palmist; I tell you what you came
for, anything you wish to know; who and when
¦I you will marry; I reveal everything; hours, 10
a.m. to 7:80 p.m. ; closed Sundays. 417 Ellis.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
. 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: ' send- stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ~;
DON'T fall to read SIR . HENRY FRI-
CHARD'S large ad on page 24.
A — LINCOLN,' CLAIRVOYANT, ~~~
. - HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when all others fall; permanently
- located at - 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS. ' ~T- > - : ¦¦ . - ",
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all.'-. 607
Kearny st, parlors A; 2, 3. " ; ; v ;^
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant tells past,
. -future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture. future husband or wife;
, y fee 25c ¦ and : up : •• -„ satisfaction to ¦ everybody ;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to S p. m. ; 215% , 6th.
MME.. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
¦~ reader,-. born , with' double veil — second sight;
;* diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS ' M. ¦ WILLE,'; S26A . Ellis ; '. clairvoyant,"
seer; reads your life correctly. without
.ques.; full'names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m."-to 8 p. m.
ISMAR, ' the Egyptian • Gipsy," > : clairvoyant and
; palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
jposjle Sixth; private readings dally.: 10 a.', m.
s '.to 5 p. m. ¦" Sundays . from 10 , to .12 , a;-, m. '
MME.' HANSEN, ' well-known% life : and card
i. ; reader ' and . palmist. 25c. ' 148 .; Sixth, t r. ; 14.
CONSULT the elf ted < clairvoyant v 349%' Mln-
• -na nt. near'Flfth. '';¦¦..-¦:.;-.'.' • -.
MRS. MELVILL,- well-known clairvoyant, water
' reader. 11 Cth: German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1663.
MME. ¦."WALTERS,' great card reader; lad: 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MEETING KOTICES.
FUNERAL Notice: California Com-^*
mandery No. 1, K. T.— Officers and lrffi
members are hereby notified to as-
semble In the asylum on SUNDAY, Janu-
ary. 5, at 1:15 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
I of attending-, the -funeral of ou£. deceased
frater,
; _ SIR ARCHIBALD F. GILFILLEN, ;
-"S^aimander of Honolulu Commandery -' No.
1, K. T., who accompanied this commandery
• to the Triennial Conclave at Louisville and
participated In the grand parade as one of
our members. A full attendance is earnestly
By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
FUNERAL Notice: California Command- ,<i—
ery No. 1, K. T. — Officers and memberiTrir*
are hereby notified - to assemble In th« lUJ
asylum on MONDAY, January 6, at N5 / .
1:45 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
conducting the funeral of our deceased frater,
SIR JOHN ADAM RUSSELL. Templar
burial service. By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M. — The officers and members of the -.0\ r
above-named lodee are hereby notified 75JT
to attend the funeral ot L Brother AR-'W *
CHIEALD FOREST GILFILLAN. late a
member of Hawaiian Lodge No. 21, at Hono-
lulu, H. I., In King Solomon's Hall, Masonic
Temple. THIS DAY (SUNDAY). January 5,
at 2 o'clock p. m. Master, Masons and friends
of the deceased are Invited. By order of tho
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— j&mfe*.
Installation of officers MON- fc^£23!K&
DAY EVENING, Jan. 6. Vis!-
tors welcome. "V7IV&-
E. O. PARADIS. N. G.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. cjg&lgffife.
F. — Members are respectfully re- ¦§2?23x£h
quested to assemble in Memorial
Hall. Odd Fellow«" building, cor- -^w»w ? *'
ner Seventh and Market sts., at 8:30 o'clock
sharp. THIS tSUNDAY) MORNING. Jan.
5, to attend the funeral of our late brother.
HANDEL HART ZOBEL. P. G. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Loyal •fJillltT-r
Rebekah Lodge No. 215, I. O. O.
F.. are requested to assemble In
Prospect Hall. L O. O. F. build- Swl^
ing, on SUNDAY, January 6, 1902, at 12
o'clock m.. to attend the funeral of our late
sister, MARY A. SWEET. By order
JENNIE WRIGHT, N. G.
ADA L. LAWRANCE. Rec. Sec.
BURNS Anniversary, the social treat .'«» n».
of the season — Clan Frazer No. 78, 3V, CaJ/j
Order of Scottish Clans, will cele-
;.. brate the anniversary. of ROBERT
: BURNS by a grand [ Scotch concert and
dance. Some of Burns' choicest poems will
be Illustrated by several characteristic tab-
leaux. Oration, "Robert Burns," by Rev.
William Rader. The committee In charge
has spared no expense In procuring the best
vocal talent for the event. THURSDAY
EVENING, January 23, ldo2. 8 o'clock, Odd
Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market sts. Ad-
mission 25c. J. W. KING, Chief.
A. KING, Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the Association of the Hospital for
Children and Training School for Nurses will
be held at the hospital, 3700 California St..
THURSDAY. January 9, at 1:30 p. m.
ELEANOR L. MILLER. Rec. Sec.
THE annual meeting of- the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will
be held at the "Home," corner of Franklin
and Geary sts., THURSDAY, Jan. 9. at 2
p. m. ALICE BROWN, Rec.' Sec.
MEMBERS of the Riggers' and Stevedores'
Union Association — You are hereby notified
that a special meeting will be held on MON-
DAY. January C. 1902. at «03 Front St., for
! the election of officers, at 7 :30 sharp. A • full
attendance is requested. By
i A. CAMPBELL, President
i HUGH McKURTT. Recording Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM — To the stock-
1 holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
I Please take notice that the annual meeting
j of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
j poration. will be held at the principal office
' of the company. In the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market St., between Fourth and
Fifth, In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, on THURSDAY,
the l€th day of January, 1902, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may properly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
327 Market St.. San Francisco, Dec' 31, 1901 :
j Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
; stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-:
1 pany will be held at the office of the com-:
j pany. 327 Market st., in the city and county
j of San Francisco, State of California, on
i WEDNESDAY, the lDth day of January,
: 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
j the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
i nirpose of amending article III of the by-
¦ laws of the company, .relating to the annual
I meeting of stockholders and for such • other
¦ ' business as may come before the meeting.
I Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 4, at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from L. Lagomarsino, In the
Romy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings on a fiat; from R. H. War-
ren and K. F. Jones. In the Hard scrabble
mine, near Oak, Shasta Co., to deposit tall-
Ings in Clear Creek, and from Joseph Rup-
- ley. In the Nemo Flat placer mine, at Negro
Flat. El Dorado Co., to deposit tailing* In
Negro Gulch, gives notice that, a 'meeting
will be held at room &9, Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal., on January 13, 1902, at 1 :30
p. m. •
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 126- Stockton st.. San Francisco, Cal..
at 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the 8th .
day of January. 1902.^0 elect trustees to
serve for the ensuing year and for »he trans-
action of such other • business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco,
December 26. 1001.
PELHAM W. 'AMES. Secretary.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house. 301
Montgomery st. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and ! the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE -GRANT, Secretary.
Ban Fmnrtsoo. Tt^—gtritwr m.-lSOI.-
[ ASPHALTUM ROOFIKG. j
CITY 'aBPHALTUM : CO. ."(532 Market's t— Roofs',
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTSOLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out; prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful venture*), by mail if
desired. RAYMOND. 227 Taylor et.
ATTORNEYS • AT LAW. :
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck, quiet;
¦ no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
* Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
R. W. KING, attorney. Exam, bldg., 6th floor;
all cases;. fees low; estates, collections, etc.;
consultation free; no advance fees; open eves.
ADVICE! free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp.' Mason.
L. a CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
1 BICYCLES— For 8ale or Eschange.
¦ NEW bicycles for children,* men and women;
i largest assortment on the Pacific Coast
• BAKER & HAMILTON.* Pine and Market sts.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN. ¦
! A GOOD home for 2 children: /furnished room
lor parent If desired. 25 John St., off Powell.
' WANTED— A child to board; mother's care;
; will do sewing. 1671 Ninth st. Oakland.
I BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
' FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical - books
; go to 142a Market st. S. F. .. -
1 ; '
i BUSINESS CHANCES. • .
$1000 — A FINE . grocery, business, paying well;
horse, harness and wagon; scales, coffee mill,
• fixtures,- show cases and nice clean stock of
: staple groceries; rent of store and 6 livlng-
t rooms, .$20, including barn; owner 1 selling
on account of sickness; six blocks from any
store; fine location.
- . . • E. J. STEWART & CO.,
Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co.,
" . . ' 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
" $3500 — GOOD cor. grocery - business,' all ¦ com-
1 pltte and paying well; will accept part trade.
" , " ALDEN CO., .1118 Broadway, Oakland.
ALSO: ' . •'
j $2000— Candy store and ; business.
¦ $1300— Grocery and 5. rooms; a bargain. /
S.'OO — Livery stable: a snap.
$7500 — Drug store and property.
I ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
"' . CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
MRS.^MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
? -spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. oOc.
CLAIRVOYANT: card reader from Louisiana;
".• only 10c ;< from l'to 8: 262 Minna st. jr. 4th.
MRS. RROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
Vdies 2Cc; gents 50c; readings daily.- 132 Sixth.
6O0 and $1— PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant; sd-
entlflc palmist; card -reader. 1007% Market
MRS. LA VON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
-or no pay; 26c and 50c. 953 Folsom. cor. 6th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price ?1. 519% Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
,has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'FarrelL
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names ¦ given ; 25c up. B Fourth St.
CARPET SEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted. with, poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama at. : tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
8c renovated, relald. - 104 14th st. jtel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning; laying; clean-
lng or. floor. Phone Mint 301: 023 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. . G. H.
STEVENS. . Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng.Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74. -*\..-.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COL^JM3LTN^aw~linT^ollTO«on~A^en^yr^th
floor, 916 Market st; advice free.- Tel. Bush
¦ 194 ; able body of attorneys. . ' .:-
GEORGE- W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
' unless successful. - Room 810. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO* LET— FURNISHED.
TO let — Completely furnished modern 6-room
cottage; water free; piano. Apply 1070
Sixtieth st. Golden Gate. Oakland. ¦
- DENTISTS.'
A^3^."T^~i7^G"GIN^"92 ; rMarket St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other nil.
ings. . $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
, plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. . .
Painless extraction. '. ¦-'-•;
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, ' bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, - painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done paln-
lessly;teeth without plates our specialty; gold
' crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
,up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone— cannot break;
; warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fllllngs SOc;
plates (5, full set ; all work painless and war-
: ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry;' lst-class prices; lst-
class.resuits. W. C. HARDING.M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ;palnless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
¦on weekly installments; lowest rates.-
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth,' 54; crowns, $3; fllllngs.SOc.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; I painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st ¦• '. •
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.rir.Laxkln— Pain-
less ext., SOc; plates $5 up;- phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD n! LEA^^ canine"speciallsT
. late of New York City, has just located at
A06 Jones st, where he will adminster to tht
'ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
. 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085. ,
;>v;i;*;V- DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S,- C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
. Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WAI.
¦ ( PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL. ¦
SECOND term night school . for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Elhd
ets. ; 15- week courses, beginning January 6;
.bookkeeping course $5, electrical course 15,
--English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes In algebra, Anglo-American I history,
architectural drawing,' arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, oivll government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law,' elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
! leg, geometry, German, - mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,,
political science, social ¦ economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
, .-. ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
j A. MACURDA. Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF. ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free. . . ;
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $3 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
spcl Ing, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth f ol-
- lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
position^ Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
' graduate & bookkeepers in account's; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par*
rote bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech.surl
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
. der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton/ nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis - bookkeeping and the
'Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business • College. 1236 Market st. .
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
, moved to Native Sons'. Hall, 414 Mason st.
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
'MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery Bt.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons,. 60c; piano for practice. 89 Fifth st
C. I Hoffman,": European ' tenor & ¦ voice builder;
I . Ital. meth. ; concert I & oratario. . 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th,
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $0 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY - and
¦ ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
¦ founded 1863 ; - new -80-page catalogue | free. -
ARITHMETIC. • bookkeeping,- frammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5, mo.* 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th,
EMPLOYMENT "OFFICES.
A. S.NAKO. 509 Bush st. Main. 1640— Japan-
ese contractor and employment of flee;, con-
tracts taken for general farming helpriugai
beet field help, canneries or factories.
A — JAPANESE ' reliable house-cleaning. I cooki
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI.
:. NOSHITA. 1233 Page.' cor.Lyon;tel. Fell 8601.
JAPANESE and Chinese best' help;- cook trni
..waiter. ; 421 Post.' OEO.AOKI; tel. Bush 135
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
¦Best help. '411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment - Of-
-.: flee;. all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce^-Furnlsh mos
.reliable help.; 624 Bush st; tel.'. Bush' 516. '
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi
nese help.,426 PoweH.nr.Suttcr:tel.Black 5072
EMPLOYMENT : WANTED— FEMALE,
GOVERNESS,, • first-class, " pianist, ' etc. ; bes
"'" references; * also? two . trained • nurses; "wisl
". . situations. . : See ; J.'. F. CROSETT & CO., 33-
.. 'Sutter, st' ; .V. .'.;/ ', *:;• ....
A - YOUNG , woman -wants work by the day a
. Ironln.T. ' washing - and ¦ housecleaning; wage
¦:..; Sl.r/MR3. T - BONNET, 1103 Powell st. ;
MIDDLE-AGED 1 German: person wants ; plac
'.for light housework and plain : cooking. Cal
; -' at 3 Leonard ' place, - off ¦ Leavenworth ' ¦ st.
. .near ,Turk^-«* ':..¦-"¦ •¦- • ; '
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes house
. keeper's place in Christian family; reference
- given. Call, no postals, 770 Folsom. it
SIR IIENRY PRICHARD.
TRANCE-CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST.
¦ Direct frorf.Hotel Cecil, London.
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THE
XV -r^ ¦;:.;,. QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
Have a psychic reading or a palmletry
• reading, and learn what the future has , in
store for you. -VT^'i: '•-?.'-
$100. $1 00. $100. $100.
His former $5 reading reduced to
ONE DOLLAR. - ONE DOLLAR.
ONE DOLLAR. ONE DOLLAR.
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Prichard has been consulted ', by the Czar
of Russia, Emperors of Germany, China and
. Japan; also by distinguished men and women
. in every walk of life. : ' • C'
FREE! FREE I FREE!
. IF NOT CORRECT.
So positive am I of my powers to tell the j
Past, Present, Future and exactly what you
¦ want to know that I will make ¦
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!-
Unless you obtain perfect satisfaction and
find me superior to all other mediums, clair-
-voyants and palmists In 'this city.
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCESS,
HARMONY^ PEACE. POWER AND
. HAPPINESS. •
You are experiencing either domestic or
business difficulties. You are worrying about
something. You are In doubt. You suspect
that everything is not as It ehould be. -You
are i unhappy — at times • very melancholy.
:, Everything seems '.to go ¦ wrong with you.
Why not seek the advice of one who has
, helped and advised the greatest men and
.women of the .world? . You may never have
another opportunity to consult a man of the
reputation and standing of Sir Henry Prich-
ard. ¦ —
Make no mistake when you undertake any-
thing of importance — get his advice- first
Hundreds of others havfe been put . on- the
road to fortune by him, so why not you? ¦ ¦
-HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME, MOTH-
ER' 8. MAIDEN NAME, ETC. HE ALSO
GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS SPECULA-
TION. INVESTMENTS, insurance, changes,
travels,' health, sickness, love, divorce, MAR-
RIAGE. LAWSUITS, separations. WILLS,
deeds, - mortgages, patents, CLAIMS, collec-
tions, etc. He will . tell you what trade,
business or profession you are adapted for.'
• LOVE, . COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives .truthful revelations on all love af-
faire, troubles, marriages. and by. proper ad-
¦: vice restores lost affection, reunites the sep-
arated, settles lovers' quarrels, tells you
WHEN AND WHOM YOU WILL MARRY
and how to WIN the man or woman - you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you. and how to ' overpower all.
your enemies; gives full secret how to con-
. trol and charm any one you love or meet.- I
HE NEVER FAILS TO GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
., You are told how to avoid weakness,
warned . against all \ treacherous friends. Lo-
cates burled treasures, mines, old estates,,
lost friends, etc. , ¦'':¦'',¦¦' Y ; : ,<
TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES.
If you cannot call, write and send. $1, 2c
stamp, date of birth and 3 questions and re-
ceive correct answers by return mail. All
mail matter and P. O. money orders should
¦-be. addressed to Sir. Henry's . private
' secretary. Mr. C. F. Walsh (this address).
Sir Henry Prichard Intends to make 'this
.city his permanent . home, and this reduced,
''fee is to introduce himself properly to the
: people, and will last for seven daya only.
Hours — Dally. 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
10 to 6.
Suits 11, 12, 13, 14, 16, 15% (The Vendomej,
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104 . .
Near corner of Turk.
Nearly opposite Zinkand's. Up' stairs.
First Floor. Maid In Attendance.
See display ad on page 24.
f BAJT KItAXCISCO CALI*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ran Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every nlKht In the year. ' ,
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
"00 Haros street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«3» McAllister street: open until 9:30- p. m.
."15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
inu Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22(51 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
J0« Eleventh street: open until 9 P v Tn -
1090 Valencia street: open until 9 p.'m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 0 P- m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church, Mission St.. between Sixth
and Seventh. — Pastors, Arthur H. Brlgg* and
Herbert F. Brigps. 11 a. m.. eermon and sac-
rament of the Lord's Supper; 12:45 p. m.,
Sunday-school. Rolla V. Watt superintend-
ent- 6:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian En-
deavor; 7:30 p. m.. concert. Programme of
concert is as follows: Organ voluntary
<Clark); anthem. "God Be Merciful" (Reed):
<juartet. "He That Soweth Little" (Florin) ;
violin solo (Bruce). Mr. Chas. E. Robson; so-
prano solo, "Ave Maria" (Gounod). Mrs.
Alice E. Cramer, with violin obllgato; an-
them. "The Lord Give Ear to Thte (Rheln-
berger). Under the direction of VTr. Roscoe
Warren Lucy, organist and choirmaster. »
p. m.. sermon. The seats are free and the
people are welcome. ¦
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan ets.—
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Topic for the
evening, "The Great Requirement Excel-
lent music by large choir, with male chorus.
Seats free. All* invited. Sunday-school at
15:45 p. m. Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin eta.— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns. minis-
ter emeritus: Charles A. Murdock. superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
is at 10 o'clock. The morning service Is at
11 o'clock. The minister will preach "A
New Year's Sermon." Music by augmented
choir. Professor Bacon's Bible class at 10
a. m. All are cordially Invited. There Is no
evening sen-Ice. _^_^______—
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth st*.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Morning theme. "How to Make It a Happy
New Year." Evening theme, "Bibllolatry.
being the first of a aeries of lectures on the
Bible.
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth St.,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader. pastor.
11 a. m.. "The Weapons of Our Warfare";
7:80 p. m., "The Tempest, or the Supremacy
of the Human Soul Over Its Surroundings,"
fourth In Shakespearean series.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson St.;
telephone Jackson 1941. Sermon themes — 11
a. m., "How Can We Prepare the Way of
the Lord in 1902?" 7:45 p. m.. "How Can
We Ke«p Pace With the Divine Movements
of the Age?" ' Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
C. E. Society, C:45 p. m. Seats free. A cor-
dial welcome for «very one.
CALVARY Presbyterian corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla «ts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hlll. D.D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge,
associate pastor. Dr. Hemphlll will preach
at 11 a. m.; topic. "New Consecration for
the New Year." and at 7:30 p. m. at th-
Second-et. Mission Mr. Eldredge will preach;
topic "What Do We Leave and What Do
We Take?" Morning Sabbath school at 10: ;
afternoon Sabbath school at 12:30. Y. P. S.
C. E., 6:30. All cordially invited. :v-'
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van i
Ness ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11 :
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. : Sunday-school at 12:45 '
p. m.; Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m.Rev. ;
William Kirk Guthrie will preach both morn-
ing and evening. All are Invited. .¦'„•:.¦'
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
ets. — Rev. F. W. Clampett, D.D.. rector.
Holy communion at 7:30 and 11 a. m. Morn-
ing service 11 o'clock; Bermon by rector.
Confirmation class, at 3 p. m. in chapel. Af-
ternoon service 4 p. m. People's one-hour
service 8 p. m. ; sermon by rector. All seats
free. : 4 -
EMMASUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett St.. near
Twenty-third. — Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Sermon by Rev. J. George Gibson; subject,
"He made It Again." Evening services, 7:30;
subject "A Beginning." ' Barytone solos by,
the pastor: "His Love Can Never Fall" (Ex-
cell); "The Sword of the Lord" iTullar).
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts. — Great macs meeting for men this (Sun-
day) afternoon at 3 o'clock, to be addressed
by Rev. George C. Adams, D. D. Mr. H. H.
Barnhart will Blng. All young men welcome.
LOWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin Bt. — Special
address by Mr. Alfred Mace. "The Five
J3ooks of Moses as Found in the New Testa-
ment " Sunday afternoon, Jan. 5. at 3
o'clock. Gospel 'addresses Sunday. Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday evenings, at 7:45
o'clock. Free to all. Come and bring your
Bibles. .
FREE religious sen-Ices, conducted by the Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills, in Golden Gate Hall.
«25 Sutter st., at 8 o'clock. Mr. Mills will
deliver a New Year's address on "The Signs
of the Times." Mme. Carrlngton will sing.
Admission free. Doors open at 7:15.
THEOSOPHICAL^Free public lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building. 809 Mar-
ket st. To-night. "The Other Wise Man."
by Miss M. A. Walsh. Bible class Sundays.
11 a. m. Inquirers' class and lecture on
"Thought Power and Culture". Thursday,
2:30 p. m. Free library, open Monday.
Thursday and Saturday, 1 to 4 p. m., and
Saturday. 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.
THE Theosophlcal Society. — Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building, at 8 o'clock,
by Mr. Thomas Prime of Birmingham. Eng-
land; eubject. "The Planetary Chain" — part
No. 2— illustrated by stereopticon views. In-
quirers' class Sunday. 11 a. m. Children's
group, "The Golden Chain." Sunday. 11 a.
m. Public meetings Thursday afternoon at
2:30. Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock. Lending
library open dally from 1 to 4 p.m.
MEETINGS — SUXDAY.
AN independent writing and psychic seance to-
night. 25c: Chas. Brockway. renowned the
world over for his convincing tests; at this
seance every one receives a test. If you are
about to make a change. If in doubt as to
domestic affairs, financially or otherwise, at-
tend this seance and receive satisfaction.
1052 Ellis St.. between Franklin and Gough.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 908
Market. Subject. "Obscure Diseases" (scien-
tifically illustrated). Free ticket for X-ray
exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday eve. Seats
free; no collection. Question Box. ;
MRS. EBERHARDT6 spiritual test meeting
to-night. 3250 Twenty-second st., between
Mission and Valencia; 10c.
SPIRITUAL meeting. 909 Market front hall—
11. free; 2:30-8. 10c. The regular mediums;
quarterly meeting; entertainmt. -dance Jan. 7.
K. HUESSM ANN'S test circle to-night 25c.
1774 16th et., near Guerrero; sittings daily.
W. G. KEBGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday ; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
SPIRITUAL meeting, 909 Market rear hall —
11, free; 2-8. 10c;Swan, Maxwell. Wrenn.othrs.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists Occidental Hall,
305 Larkin — Jan. 5. 7:30 p. ra.. Mrs. R. S.
LUIie. speaker. Free.
MRS. HANDLEY, celebrated platform test
medium. Sun, eve.. 909 Market rear hall.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Sunday eve. 325 Ellis St.; SOc.
"NOW lecture, Henry Harrison Brown. Odd
Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m. Seats free. Music.
MR8. STODDARD. convincing test circles: 10c;
Sunday, Tuesday; readings daily. 278 9th ; st
MME. TOUXG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance. 8 p. m.
10S4 Bush st. near Leavenworth; 60c
A. SCHEMEIL'S last materializing seance tc-
day. 2 p. m.; SOc 1804 Post, nr. Franklin
A — PROF. GEE. 1OS 6th — Circle, to-night, 10c;
gives full names, relationship, business com.
SPIRITUAL test meeting 7:45. 107S% Market
nr. 7th: Mr. & Mrs. Perkins; readings dally.
MEETIAGS Universal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society (non-political and
unwcUrian) meeting to-night at 310 O'Far-
rell «t— Subjects, "Idol* and Ideals" and
"Angel or Nemesis." Musical selections.
All invited. -¦¦'.
AGESTS WASTED.
i:NTS — A grand opportunity to make monej
Hint our new pocket atlas of the world;
ntains over 400 pages; including - maps ol
ery State In the Union and every foreign
untry; over 100 pages of valuable descrip-
.-fc natter and the new census, giving the
pu!&tion of every incorporated city, towr
id village, also every county In the United
ates. Send 25c for sample copy and termi
aetnta. RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chi-
go. 111. -
IVASSERS. male and female. In every clty
wn and village; article absolute JieceEslty
les constantly increasing; 100 per cen'
ofit; permanent agency possible. SUTH
RLAND, room 14, Flood building.
•:NTS — Do you want something more profit-
>le and easier to sellthan books or insur
ence? Ad. F. PERSON, r.' 412.. Parrott bids
SPECIAL discount to agents this month 01
all the new subscription books en the mar
Uct THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
AGENTS on salary and com. Manhattan Foo<
Co.. 1253 Folsom St., 8. F. ¦¦•¦-.
TWO men -wasted to canvass something new
1VC7 Market at, room 1.
EMPLOYMENT . WASTED MALE.
SI?UATION 'wanted by a first-class creamery
operator: married. E. -E. C. IS Rose ave.,
Oakland. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' . __^
BAKER foreman, steady and competent, wants
place. Address Baker. 223 Third St.. Oakland.
COMPETENT middle-aged man. weight 2157
best of references wants position as watch-
man. Box 2379. Call office.
WANTED— rBy bright German, position to so-
licit and collect; best of references given; also
bond or cash security. Box 3133. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Filltnoro.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091)
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices: good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MtNINO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 328 Post st
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — W«
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 307-8-0 Parmtt bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A McALUSTER and Geary-st. cars take you
to the elegant new flats being finished. S and
6 rooms, social . halls, nice yards, porcelain .<¦
bath. Sixth ave.. near Fulton st. j
A SWELL new. 4 or 5 rooms, now read a
Myrtle ave.. near Van Ness.
JONES, llll.nr.Callfornla— Sunny lower flat of
,4 large rooms; bath & nice yard; adults; $20.
OAK, 1000— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new: never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule: all modern Improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 SO; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic;
elegant location, view and grounds: NW. cor.
' Waller ana Portola; bet. Pierce and Stelner.
RELIABLE party to take flat. 8 furnished
rooms and board man and wife. 20S4 iiar-
ket st. '
$22 2 CORNER flats; 6 rooms and bath each;
, stable extra. 2051 Fifteenth st
$12 — NEW 4-room. yard, cellar, water and ash-
man free. 20 Stunner st
NEW flat 5 rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. 23 Merrltt »t. bet. 17th and 18th.
¦ FI*ATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
$35— A HANDSOME, sunny . and modern 5«
room carlor flat: nicely furnished; splendid
view; few steps west from Castro car. line.
4230 Twentieth »t. ¦.'¦".
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, X
year, with reference. Box 3049/ Call.
FOR RENT — 2728 Howard st, furnished flvs-
roomed flat, with piano. $28.
FliATS WASTED. ,
WANTED — A furnished or unfurnished flat,
close In town: 6 or 8 rooms; best of refer-
ences. Box 2964, Call. '
WANTED— About 5-rooxn flat or part of house" >
located in Mission, between Tenth and Nine- .
-tesnth by couple ; no children. Box 2971. Call.
WANTED — A flat or house of 8 to 10 rooms,
between Franklin and Jones and Sutter and
Golden Gate ave. 736 Ellis st
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FURNITURE of 9-room flat: central location:
' rooms now occupied pay rent of flat: Inves-
tigate this if you want to live rent free; no
agents. Box 2969, Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture 8-room flat; no dealers.
1230 Octavla st; $650. ¦
ELEGANT new furniture and carpets; will
sell whole or parts. 1912 Flllmore st.. near
Bush; flat 3.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale at a bargain.
356 Corbett road, bet. 18th and 19th sts.
FUUMTIUE WASTED. *
< 1 ¦¦'¦ -¦
WILSON buvo all kinds of household goods.
. 1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1331.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
6";OYES.^^ r
CHRISTMAS present — Danicbeff glove- order;
factory price guar.; kept to repair. - 12> Grant. *.;
HELP \VANTED--FEMALB.
ATC" R. H AN SEN~&"cO/sd Phone Grant 185
FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA HOTELS.
2 chambermaids, Coronado Beach, half
fare paid ....$20
2 chambermaids, Santa Barbara, naif fare
paid $20
2 pantry drls .....$25-$30
Vegetable cook $40
FOR CITY AND COUNTRY HOTELS.
2 head waitresses ....$33-$4O
2 waitresses, new hotel, city $20
25 waitresses, city and country $20-$25
Chambermaid, city.. $20
Chambermaid, to wait one meal $20
Cook, few boarders, springs ...$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, four In family, references $30
Second girl and sew, same place $25
Cook for 2 gentlemen $30
House girls, cooks, second girls, nurse girls.
$10-$S0. C. R. HANSF.N & CO.. 104 Geary.
AN infant's nurse; care of baby 5 weeks old;
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t »
WANTED — Laundress for institution. $32;
cook for Monterey, no washing, see lady
here, $35; cook and second girl, same house.
San Rafael, $25. $20; cook, small restaurant
' room. $30; 6 second girls, city and Oakland.
$20, $26; restaurant waitresses, $«, $8 week;
housekeeper for Shasta Co.. $12 50; 8 cham-
bermaids, wait one meal. $20; 3 nurse girls,
$15, $20, $25; cleaning woman. Institution.
$20; 40 girls for all kinds of housework, city
and country, call Monday. J. F. CROSETT
St CO.. 334 Sntter st.
FINISHERS and tuckers on ladles' shirt
walets; good wages; also a presser for mua-
.lin underwear. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 San-
some st. ...
• ¦ ~
LADIES — No need of growing old; Dr. N. d*
— Savoysky of Paris, dermatologist to Empnu
of Austria, will meet the ladles and teach
them how to preserve youth and beauty. His
method deep wrinkle treatment surpasses
anything ever given in this country. Elec-
trolysis treatment without pain or scars by
modern European methods. Hours 10 to 12
and 2 to 4; consultation free. ' 1140 Market
st.. opposite Hate's.
CAL. College of Hairdresslng and Massage; ac-
knowledged superior to all others: every
branch of the trade thoroughly and prac-
tically taught In 3 weeks; tuition $5; our
pupils are our living advertisement ¦ Call
Supreme Court bldg:. 305 Larkin st. ; take ele.
CO OPERATORS on ladles' walats. 658 Mission
, st, fourth floor.
50 OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 65a
Mission st. fourth floor.
50 GIRLS to learn - to operate: paid whilst
learning.- 8S8 Mission st.. fourth floor.
HAIRDRESSING, muaage, manicuring taught
In 2 weeks: positions secured; day and eve.
classes. San Francisco Halrdressinx Col-
lege, 233 Geary st. rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; sleep
¦ home. 849 Hayes at. ' ¦ '
"WANTED— Good. exDerienced girl for general
housework In good place. Berkeley: small
family. Call 465 Eddy st. Monday, bet.10-5.
YOUNG elrl to assist with housework: wagea
$10. 3704 Twenty-second; take Castro cars.
WANTED — A useful young lady for factory
for errandi. etc. A. & H. HOFFMAN, 723
Market st.. room 11.' v
WANTED — Advanced atDrentlce on coats;
steady work; good pay. 208 Sutter at
GIRL, tcenerai house-work: family of 2: good
home; wages $12. 3675 Jackson, nr. Maple.
OPERATORS on silk and wash waists. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 507 Market st
STENOGRAPHER- In wholesale - house; stats
- wages. Box 29GS. Call. > ....
LADY for easy office work; $3 week. Box
2981. Call. -¦¦¦•.
NEAT cook and houseworker for 3 adults; call
Monday. 2700 California st
GIRL from 14 to 17 to assist light housework.
2034 Stelner St.. near California.
SMART young girl; learn to be medium; travel
on road when taught Box 2061. Call.
APPRENTICES wanted to learn glove making.
Globe Glove Co.. -52 First St.
GLOVE-MAKERS wanted. Globe Glove Co.."
52 First . st. .'StHHHMM
1 . !_, .
GIRL assist general housework; small family;
moderate wages. 484 Frederick, nr. Stanyan.
COMFORTABLE furnished housekeeping room
In exchange for housework; services also
young girl * to care for baby dally from 10
a. m. to 4 p. m. . 721 Devlsaden> st. •
WHOLESALE house . requires the services of
refined woman; experience In office work not
necessary. Box 2959. Call office.
GIRL. 14 to 16. to assist light housework; good
home; $6; call after 10. 626 QTarrcU st
A LADY ' of indomitable • energy, possessed of
-•elf -assertion; good opportunity to right p«r»
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1902.
33
'ARTISTIC -bait-dressing," manicuring,'- sham poo-
•--.' ing,, etc.,;. at > moderate - prices \ In- America's
best-appointed V parlors. •: The • !'BON-TON."_
324 Post st. ; switches at bargain prices. '
BEST heir dressing in the city. 25c 1 shampoo-
Ing, '50c: wrinkles removed, 60c: manicuring.
25c Quint onica? removes dandruff, makes
• hair grow, 60c bot G. Lederer,.» 123 Stockton.
DO you write ads? ' Send address to-day ¦ on
your, business stationery for: invaluable in-
formation free.' Harper Syndicate. Columbus."
¦' Ohio. ; . ' . .¦¦-.... ,,":-•¦ - . ¦'¦ .'.'¦" -'¦¦*¦
A-iWHAT do- you: think? . O. .BERMAN..-48
Ellis, makes colored 6hlrts to order; $leach;
.same as white shirts;, selection- 300 patterns.
RAG. carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
• carpet twine, in ¦ hank 1 er chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS; 709 Fifth, Oakland.
MISS MARY BURKE, who formerly worked. In
San Mateo, will 'hear something to her ad-
yantage by calling at 213 Fourteenth st t
ANTIQUE i Jewelry. ¦ diamonds,- pearls, precious
Btones. antiques and curios bought. The Old
; Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladles' ready to
.wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F.- ADAM8CO..150 5th.
• WHITE enamel Iron beds, single;- three-quarter
; or double.. 1 $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. vl31Q-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
TYPEWRITING, mimeographing, I hektograph-
3 . Ing dene: cheapest rates: work guaranteed.
v T. ¦ E. : POWELL. Fulton House. . -.-.'","¦¦/
"MARRIAGE- paper 'containing c hundreds- of
I "Personal" i advertisements of marriageable
people, many rich, mailed free, J. iW..GUN-
. NEL8, .Toledo. Ohio. . . .
YOUR fortune . told . and -every thins revealed:
send dime -and birthday. J. MYERS, - 105
Lincoln Park station. Chicago. -' .-. . '¦:''¦
GENTLEMAN. 41, with means, wishes to mar-
ry lady .under .130 pounds; send rhome' ad-
dress. 'Address box 2951, Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
• skins... Address at once, box. 1205, Call of flee;
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wlta
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1110 Sutter st
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 116 Stock,
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found flne stock of ladles' underwear.
A — IF your hair is falling or youare bald call on
- Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A.. VIDA Company permanently, cures stomach
trouble.' 763 Valencia st, corner 19th. ;
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates;. 10
years' experience. J.B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
JEWELRY for. sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St., rm.' 29.
Mrs Brlgg»— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 068 Sutter; tel.Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
¦ & moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE 'costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders., GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrt-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell;*country "orders.
TAILOR-MADE i>ult». $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists. - ¦¦¦'
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: '$1: at all druggist*.
REAL ESTATE— CITV— FOlt SALE.
oTK^ALlDwBr&^ON, ~ - "^;. "T" : ; , ',"¦ T.
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10,000— Rents $97 50; 3 new flats of 6, 6 and 7
... rooms and bath: all the latest Im-
provements: Panhandle district - 9 Ve
$1.200— Fifteenth st, bet. Noe and Castro: 24x
DO: street accepted; concrete sidewalk.
SI, 600— Northeast cor. 15th. and Castro: 24x90;
street bituminized: concrete- sidewalk.
$3,800 — Northeast corner Folsom and Norfolk;
: 3Sx75: suitable for stores and flats.
$2,000 — Cheap lot ' on California St., near
Baker; 24x100. : '. -:.¦¦
$12,000— McAllister St.. north side: best busi-
ness block; 30x137:0; 3-story building;
rents $00. ¦
$0,000— Rents $80: northwest- 'corner on Bry-
. ant st.; store and flats: lot 76x75. .
$16,000 — Howard 'st.. near Fourth ;• 4-story and
basement building containing stores
, and lodging-house; .rents $125; bank
mortgage of $9000 can. remain; pays 14
per cent net on equity. 1
$2,000 — New cottage of 5 rooms and porcelain
bath on Fifteenth st, near Castro; lot
42x103; very cheap. -. ¦ * . .- .
$5,000 — Bush Bt., near Fillmore; north side;
27:6x77:6;. 2 nice flats. ¦¦
$2,600 — Bluxome st. nr. Fourth; 25x120; cheap.
$3,000— Shipley, nr. Fourth; 3 flats; rents $34.
$8,000— Very choice lot on Pacific ave.. near
Laguna Et:; 30x127:8: the cream of
¦ ¦'..' ¦ : the city.' >. .... ".-.,..-.-.
$5,250 — Vallejo St.. north .aide, west of Fill-
• ¦ more: 34:4x137:6; : finest marine view
• lot In town. ; / * .•. "•"¦.,.'•.
'$2,500— Lots on Guerrero st,. near Twenty-
third; 25x100 each; on grade; ready to
build upon. '-':.• ... ¦: •¦ . .... ..:. .
$5,250 — Rents $46; northwest corner on Green
**-*• st.; near Kearny; with store and. flats.
$62,500 — Mason st., near Eddy; close to Market;
lot 65xS2:6. 1 •
$3,000— Elegant new cottage of 6 rooms, por-
celain 1 bath, sanitary plumbing, etc.;
• . - . basement and attic; Fifteenth st, near
Dolores; a charming: little home.
$2,500 — Sunny key lot: north side of Clay st.
• ¦ -¦¦ 81 feet east of Lyon; 25x105; (a daisy).
?75,O00— Large corner on Fourth st, inside of
Howard; fine building; rents $425 per
_ month. ' :. ¦ . f .-' . ¦ ¦ .
$0.000— Third st. near Harrison; 25x80;' 2-
story house; can be raised and store
- ' put In below; will pay big Interest.
* ¦ ¦..'."•• A SNAP." • ¦ ¦ '
$3,500 — Cottage on Larkln st, near Pacific; 6
rooms and bath; stable, etc.; 27:6x
87:6. ¦ .
LOOK AT THESE FINE LOTS.
$2,500 only— Larkln st. east side, near Pacific
ave.: 25x87:6; lots on grade; street
accepted. . . .
$5,500 — Sacramento st., north side; : key lot,'
east of Larkln, 23:0x137:0 to an alley;
good house of 6 rooms and bath; room
for 3 flats in front; a bargain.
$3,000 — New. cottage of 6 rooms • and bath;
basement and attic; Fifteenth st., near
Dolores: street accepted ;. house tinted
and . decorated; see this , snap.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO., '
205 Montgomery st . - ; Opp." Mills Bldff.
. Elegant Western Addition residence ;- large
modern house on Fulton St.: handsome man-
tels, frescoed walls, etc.; cost $8000. but ow-
ing to a pressing need for money by owner
$5750 buys if .
Biggest snap in the market to-day; few
! feet from. Powell st, and close to Market St.;
: owner, who lives In Europe, authorizes us to
1 ,-make an immediate sale; improvements mod-
ern building of 20 rooms, 4 baths and can
be used as 4 flats or apartment house; will
pay 10 per cent; price $12,000. . . ;
'. To. close an estate— this property must be
sold to satisfy claims, debts, etc.; property
consists of 6 good flats on large- key- lot:
rents ?376; $4000 will buy .it if sold this
week.
New Mission fiats; go out to-day and see
them; 29 Eureka st. near 18th; large lot.
• with 2 swell flats of 6 and 6 rooms and. bath
. each; well rented, and $5500 will take them.
Choice downtown investment; 3 fine mod-
ern flats; lot 32:6 ft frontage; 2 car lines;
v pays 9 per cent; price $15,500. .>'-•. v 1
. Splendid downtown Investment; three mod-
ern flats of .7. 7 and 8 rooms and bath, front-
" ing city 'park'.' few blocks from Market and
Taylor sts.: large lot and price only $11,500.
A snaD in the Mission and close to the
lfith-st cars; wide bituminized st; 2. flats
and cottage en lot 25x100 ft: reduced from
$3000 to $2250 to force Immediate sale.
Foreclosure sale— chance ' for builders; two
choice lots In: the heart of the .Western Ad-
Idltion on north side of best car line street;
elze 5&xl37:A; can be sold for amount of
mortgage, $6000; flats adjoining bring $3C.
NELSON. "JOHNSON 4 CO., '¦}¦.' '
205 Montgomery st. Opp.. Mills Building. .'
POINT RICHMOND LOTS. - '.- - •-•¦"- • -
*¦"""* - 8ANTA FE TRACT.
• Closest lots . to Santa Fe shops and round-
houses. Near* the Immense works of the
STANDARD OIL COMPANY. ¦
Terminus .of « Great .Santa Fe R. R.
All -lots level — street graded. • ¦ '
Prices , low — will rise rapidly.
$125 and up; $10 cash. $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS., 11$ Montgomery st,
- , Sole : Agents. -^ ,» . .
$10,000— Rents $120, which can be Increased;
large lot with L in the rear 75x70, and
.main lot, '51x137:6;. improvement* in
j> ¦ . good order; must be, sold at once;, a
' • bargain.' ' :. • • V > '
jGOO — 150x100: sold for absent owner, who
needs - the , money ; ¦ well-located lot m
the Excelsior - Homestead; ' Mlsslon-st.
¦¦ / ¦ cars.. •••-.; ' ¦•'-•'¦' --.¦¦¦".¦ -. ¦.¦..." .--.. -.
' .-McEWEN BROS. 118 Montgomery I st.
$5000— BROADWAY, near Octavla st ; 8 rooms
:and bath: 25x130. -¦-¦¦' ;
$2000— Florida st:; No. 1221; cottage of 5 rooms
and bath;. lot 27x100.
$2350— Alabama st. : Nos. - 020 and 020% ; . 2-
~ ' story frame of 6 and 6 rooms and bath;
;- lot 26x100.-.,,'* .' •. '!..'¦-:•¦;
$1250— Bryant st, near Eighteenth; 25x100;
utreet bitumlnlwd.' - H '
- W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery gt. -
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivisions. M-
vara lot. south-Una Union st.;. 137:6 feet east
. of - Pierce. Lot, northeast' corner ¦ Green > and '
'-; Pierce ¦ 'Bts.,^. 103 :6xU7 :t - . . feet. »• >- Inquire -¦ ot
¦ CHARLES C. ! BEMIS. Real ; Estate Broker,
.';• 824 .- Montgomery; st . ¦ -. '¦;, v .;. .!>¦< ";,, -.;,.;. . , ,
A SACRIFICE— Cottage.' 4 rooms. $1050; small
¦ payment down. .balance same as paying. rent'
: : Apply BE. ¦ cor. •¦• Montcalm and Alabama sts.
A'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
, 16 pages,' In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
." HOUSES FOR SALE^
NEW, modern house, facinc west; sun all day;
large basement and yard. S Waller and Por-
'_ tola, bet Pierce and Stelner: easy payments.
j SALE. '
A ¦ NEWSPAPER route earning about $45 per
month;, requires , about 3 hours per day . to
look after it; good for a student or some one
- engaged part of day. Address box 1, Call
Branch Office. 106 Eleventh -st.",.- -¦ :
SILVER-PLATED B flat cornet for sale cheap.
Write to or call for H. B.. 503 Haight st.
A GENUINE old Hopf violin for sale at 3772
•Twenty-fourth st, near Church, rear house.
ORANGE colored, Belgian and English
canaries, cheap. 673 38th st, Oakland.
FOR sale — Columbia chain wheel, 1901; flne
-condition; coaster brake; $25. 141' Thir-
teenth -st. , - '
BABY carriage in good condition, cheap. 450
Frederick st, near park. . .
COCKER spaniels: a few choice reds of Cham- !
¦ ! plon stock for sale. 1823 Turk st. ¦
BOILERS, engines, 1'd-hand machinery. Me-
V INTOSH &.W0LPMAN.. 195-197 Fremont st
FOR sale^ — A Schonlnger New Haven orchestral
organ,' In perfect order; suitable for church
or Sunday-school; worth $200;. will sell cheap
for cash or will trade. Call bet. ¦ 4 and 7 p.
- m., or address W. H., C28 Golden Gate ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc- WHITEL AW. 253-255 Spear st. ,
LOT 2d-hahd pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 616-520 Mission St. «
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
et. upstali-3. ¦
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine."
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
• CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay. scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth $250. only
v $90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 60. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined-. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 6 drawers: oak:
. complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage Dald. ' - . v • j
BIISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand panel planer. E. L.
FIFIELD & CO.. 71 Stevenson st.
WANTED — A few . diamonds: will pay cash
orders at once. Box 2973, Call office.
TILTON ¦ wants good second-hand clothing and
• theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office! 23 Stockton.
MINES AND BIINING.
ANOTHER Chance to Make Honest Money.
The Copper King Mining Syndicate has sixty-
five claims' In the Carbon River district, north
of and near Mount Rainier. The mines of the
district are rich, assays showing $16 to $200
In copper and gold. SO per cent of ,the values
being in copper. The company is negotiating
for coal lands, with excellent prospects of
securing a valuable tract. . Development work
is going briskly forward 'during the winter.
Machinery Is to be Installed early In the spring.
Engineer's report says: "The company plans
to make its mines productive the first year."
Prices will be substantially advanced after the
first Issue of shares is placed. At the price
they offer honest speculation, to say the least,
with the chances strongly in favor cf their
becoming, with early development of the dis-
trict, a profitable holding to the buyer who Is
! not. impatient for early, returns. Now is the
time to buy a block of these shares for a hand-
some profit, which they will most surely yield.
The largest sales of these shares have been
made the past week to - members of our ex-
cursion to the Montezuma mines last summer.
This significant fact should not escape the in-
vestor who would place his money wisely.
¦ "Watch for our next excursion to Washington.
j. Par value , of shares, $1; first issue being
i rapidly subscribed at Be cash or 6c on easy
Installments. Write now for preliminary pros-
pectus or neglect it and be sorry.
- N. B.— See the page of Montezuma pictures
in Sunday Bulletin.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST
. COMPANY,
- , 328 Montgomery at.. San Francisco.
WANTED— To secure a good gold mine; will
..incorporate company and purchase. Call at
room 406. 4th floor. Spreckels annex. S. F.
V MONEY TO JLO AN. ~~
HERMAi^iMUR>HY.'^8O3nSaminernbulidl^'
$4,500,000 at lowest rates ...... f'.
...... on first and second mortgages ....
Life interests in estates .....
... Property being held In trust
..... Undivided interests In real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
- If You Need * Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). "
$300,000 at 554 Sc 6 per cent in sums to suit*
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securt-
. ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a'.ove securities. TeL Red 5024. MAN*
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. , '¦: -~ ?
First second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.. .
Get tny terms before doing business elsewhere
....R. McCOLGAN
...:.... 24 Montgomery st, room 3 ........
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing: and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st noor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established tn 1863;
proper place to borrow . money on diamonds
, Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Of flee. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt. ; tel. Black 6471.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or Pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8
BECKER & CO.. 027 Market st. room 613.'
' i •' — — ~~ - - - - ,.'-¦-
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave ' near
Geary et. ; phone .Red 1603. ¦
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtaln
liberal, advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
: Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 009 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos/furniture, no removal, llbra-
' ries, goods Jn warehouse, etc.: any am t: low-
" O3t rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on ' furniture, I etc..' by private
• party;: no removal;,- no commission; confiden-
tial, . Room 3 Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos ;\ no removal : money
-quick: lowest interest: easy terms :< no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery. St.: r. 1.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. J . ' " "
10 Montgomery street.
PROMINENT BUSINESS CORNER.
KENTUCKY ST., POTRERO. ¦"?'.
$27,500 — Rents, with present old Improve-
ments. $155 per month; lot fronts 3 street*;
\ 75x200.
BUSH ST.. NEAR LARKIN.
SPLENDID INSIDE LOCATION.
$7250— Large house of 14 rooms, bath, con-
servatory, etc.: can- be easily converted Into
3 flats; lot 30x137:6. .
MISSION-ST. BRICK BUILDING.
NEAR FOURTH.
Price $35,000— Rents $2400 per annum net:
under lease; only expenses are taxes and In-
surance; pays 5 per cent net per • annum; .
Mission st; in business portion; 4-story ana
basement brick building; elevator.
STORE AND FLATS
ON SIXTH ST.
Price $27,S00; rents $250 per month: splen-
did 3-story bay-window frame building. In
j .thorough repair and condition - throughout:
- contains stores on ground floor, flafy above;
large lot. 75x90; no better business thorough-
fare. . :
PROMINENT. TRANSFER BUSINESS COR-
• NER— PRICE $l«,0CO; RENTS $112.
Splendid building, containing stores, base-
ment and 2 rooms, on lower floor; 2 larg»
bay-window . flats above; 8 rooms and bath
, each; stable and sufficient vacant ground on
end of lot to further 'improve; lot 37:6x100;
. splendid place for a grocery man.
BUSINESS INCOME PROPERTY.
PRICE $18,000; RENTS $1704. '
- Located on best business portion of Hayes
.st; improvements in splendid condition, con-
sisting of store and flats: large lot doubio
• frontage: worth investigating; always renU4
and stores In demand.
V SITE FOR APARTMENT HOUSS.
PRICE $20,000.
Inside location In near vicinity of Post and
Mason *ts. ;. Improvements at present pay
. $120 per month; lot contains 6200 square feet
of ground space; have tenant for 50- room
' house; will pay when Improved 8 per cent
net.
HAIGHT-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
SPLENDID BUILDING.
.-- $12,000 — Business corner; price reduced
from $14,000. prominent Improved corner
on Haight St.; store and 2 flats; rents low at
$1080 per annum.
Send to our office for a copy of the "Buyer
and Seller," a catalogue published by us
: monthly, containing a complete list of tha
properties, both Improved and unimproved,
offered by us for • sale. Mailed to any ad-
dress free upon application.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
- 10 Montgomery street
SELLING FAST.
SEE THEM TO-DAT.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Building lots on H st and Nlneteenth-ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
Prices moderate Terms easy
Lots level Streets macadamized
Official grade ..Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps.. 'Water and mall service
- On car line. On Park entrance
' ........: Low Prices
Bound 'to increase in value; your ova
¦terms; Interest only 6 per cent. .
Call at once at our branch office (open
week days. Sundays and holidays), corner of
' H st. -and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gato
Park, and ask to be shown these beautiful
lots.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
¦ 10 Montgomery street.
NEW houses, cottages and flats for sale cheap
on easy terms in Sunset District, near the.
music stand and all Golden Gate Park attrac-
tions. Call at our branch office, open weelc
days, Sundays and holidays, corner H it
and Ninth ave.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO. ~*
NEAR VAN NESS AVE.
$18.500— RENT $165.
Large corner. lot and elegant 3-story build-
ing of store and flats, brick cellar; lot worth
over $12,500. and building could not be trutit
for $12,000. This is a sacrifice; one of the
best corners on the market
. A FINE RESIDENCE AT A BARGAIN.
$10,000 — An elegant 3-story residence of 12
rooms and bath, near California and Frank-
lin; finest location in the city.
McALLJSTER-ST. HOME.
$7CS2 60 for a key lot 27:6x137:9, on Mc-
Allister st. near Fillmore, and a modern
residence of 10 rooms and Jbath which alone
cost the money.
CHANCE FOR BIG PROFIT.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
¦¦''¦'• e.—. $13,000— Rent $110 a month.": -.<
Store and 2 floors above; rented to 1 tenant,
who pays water and makes all repairs; only
60 feet from Fourth st, and not far from
Market; don't fail to see this at once.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$56,000— Rent $385 a month.
A half 50-vara lot and new building; steady
tenants; paying large Interest
$150,000 — Large corner, 73 ft frontage,
few feet from Market; pays good Interest uu
old Improvements.
A SACRIFICE.
$10,600— Rent $82 50 a Month.
For 3 flne houses and large lot; having 2
frontages; only half of lot Improved; short
ways from Fell and Market ets. ,
INCOME PROPERTY.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$5125— Business property, store and fiat;
close to Fourth st; 1 tenant for over 8 years;
rent $(i0 a month. ¦
BUILDERS ATTENTION.
$32.500 — Rent $14O a month; very large lot,
75x146. with-L 37x60; only partly improved,
on California st, near Polk; Just the place
for apartment house or club; pays now over
5 per cent net and only small part of lot
built on.
APARTMENT FLATS.
$36.000— Rent $257 5O a Month.
. Very stylish location; facing public square;
fine view; sun all day; 6 elegant up-to-date
apartments; no better built flats in the city;
always rented.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ 20 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.). ~~
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16,500— Turk, near Jones; 27:6x137:6; two
2-story houses. '¦'.¦: "¦ .
•-$12,500 — McAllister, near Gough; 27:6x120 to
Tear street: S flats; rents $92.
$10,000 — Noe, near Seventeenth; 60x96; ¦»
flats: rents $72 SO.
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 flats;
rents $67. •
$5000— Union place, near Green; 20x58:9; two
bouses; rent $41.
$5000 — Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new Cats: rents $49.
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rests
541 5O. . . ...-;...*•.
$4500— Oak, near Scott; 23x137:6; house of 7
rooms and bath.
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31. . - .
$4250— Fell, near Devisadero; 25x127:8; house
or 7 rooms and bath.
IINIMFROVXD.
California, nr. Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
137:0..
' $9500— Corner Buchanan snd Pine: S5xSl:3.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10xl37:«.
$5250 — Corner Jackson - and Locust; 37: 6x
102:814.
• $5000— Waller, near Webster: 60x130 to rear
street. " • .
Corner Nineteenth ave. snd Clement st; 200
xl20. .
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert sts.; 23x70.
$3500— Fulton St. near Flllmore; 32:6x137:9.
Point Lobos. near 22d ave.: 53:4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100.
$3000— Clay, near Lyon: 27:8x100: key lot.
$2250 — Union st.. near Webster: 34:4^x137:5.
$21G0-~Fol»oin, nr. 24th; 23x123:0.
$1250 each— Polk st. near Chestnut; 3 lots.
57:6x87:8.
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 23x105.
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
«J0 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
-oad passes.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
: New purchases of blocks and lots enable n»
to offer unexcelled bargains.
We will save you money; see us before
buying 1 .
$100 to $430— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots;
beats any Investment In the world; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful • Sunset Iota; choice* t
of them all: streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. 9th ave., near H st
$400 to $800— Best located Richmond lots:
$10 monthly. ¦ . ¦
$100 to $250 — Level building lots near Ml «-
slon-st. cars; 50 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
A ¦ -¦ . ' -¦ " '..' '¦¦;¦„
, $1000. $1330 to $2000— Spltndld cottages, all
bargains, on '¦ easy terms.
\ SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
- 'Room 64. Chronicle Building.
2 LOTS: 2 blocks of Mlssion-st. carhouse: $230i
at $10 per month. S-room house on Mission
- it. : rents for $20 per "month; $3000. Inquire
- at D. COFFIN'S cigar store, open Sundays.
3322 Mission St.. corner Twenty-ninth. ' :
CHOICE BUILDINO LOTS— EASY TERMS. ~
r We are offering the northwest corner of
Hayes' and FiHmore sts. In subdivision*
25 and 27:0 feet front; an ideal location for
residences or flats. G. H. UMB3EN A CO
14 . Montgomery at' -"
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, In wrapper for mailing;, $1 per y«a»'
REAL ¦;, CSTATE— C1TV — FOR 8ALBL
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ' ~~~~
: . ' • 638 MARKET. STREET.
: AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY...:.. ....-./.JANUARY 14. 1002
At Our Salesroom, No. 638 Market st.
: At. 12 O'clock Noon.
1 - ¦ ¦ .- ¦ ___
; ELEGANT, WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
. East side (No. 710) Cole st, 43:3 feet south
of Waller; - a beautiful modern residence 10
rooms and porcelain bath and basement, wine
room, billiard room, etc. ; lot 25x95 feet; street
bituminized; cement walk. ;
••'" SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. !
. Northwest side (No. 3») Clara st. 220 feet
northeast of Fourth; a large well built house
' of 12 rooms and bath, which at a small expense
could be remodeled ' Into two' flats; large lw .
27x75 feet .:'.'.*
ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
East side (No. 182) Tremont ave., 746 fee*..;
south of Frederick; an elegant modern cottase ;
of 6 rooms, bath and. finished basement; Ju»*
completed;} lot 25x80 feet.
- WESTERN - ADDITION UNIMPROVED
.. / PROPERTY.
'. South side <1613) Turk st. 165 feet west of
Pierce through to Elm ave.: a fine large piece
of property in a growing neighborhood; im-
provements old: flne site for flats: lot 27:6xl2»
feet. - {... - ¦ ... T ...
MISSION COTTAGES.
West side (Nos. 56 and 58) Lundy's, lane. 50
feet north of Esmeralda st. ; 2 fine cottage3.
one. of 4 rooms and one of tt rooms and bath;
close to the Mission carhouse; lot 50x70 feet
MISSION INVESTMENT, i '
South side (Nos. 537 and -53714) Elizabeth
St.. 105 feet east of Castro: store and 4 rooms
and flat above of 6 rooms and bath; rents $o0
per month; lot 25x114 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION STORE AND FLAT.
North side (No. 2004) . McAllister st; 105
feet- west of Central ave.; store with 2 rooms
and flat of 6 rooms and bath^sunny side of
street; lot 25x100 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
West side of Devlsadero st, 84:8 north of
Ridley; fine large building lot In a. fine neigh-
borhood; lot 25x125. feet.
: CHOICE BUILDING SITE.
A flne large building lot on the northeast
corner of Ashbury st. and Corbett road.
BERNAL HEIGHTS UNIMPROVED PROP r
. . KRTY.
Lots Nos. 436, 438, 528. 530. 626 and 628.
AIHn Gift Map No. 3, situated on Cherubusco
and North aves. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE- & CO..
< . . 638 Market st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. „,
. . . 638 MARKET STREET.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
ALL BARGAINS. ALL. PAY BIG. INTEREST.
IN THE BEST PORTIONS OF THE CITY.
$26,000— Three moflern flat3, S. 8. 9 rooms and
bath and a rear house 4 rooms; north
of Market and only three blocks from
; Powell and Market sts.; rents $2100
' i " per, annum; could be easily Increased
- ,20 per cent; lot 25x137:6 feet
$14,000 — Three new modern flats of 7 rooms
and bath each on Webster st, near
Eddy; leased for $1350 per annum; lot
27:6x100 feet.
$14,000 — Three new modern flats of 7 rooms
and bath each on the-north side of
Page st, near Buchanan; rents $1500
per annum; lot 27:0x120 feet to Lily
ave.
$12,500 — Three new sunny flats of 6. 6, 7 rooms
. - * and bath, on the north side of Page
st., near Park Panhandle; all rented
* - and' pay $112 50 per month! lot 25x
137:6 feet.
$11,500 — Rents for $1440 per annum: three
flats 6. 6, 7 rooms and bath; new and
modern and up to date; on north side
of Page st, near Park Panhandle; lot
25x137:6 feet
$8,000 — Two new modern flats will be com-
pleted January 15. . 1902. of 6. 7 rooms
bath, on the north side of Clay
st. near Devlsadero; rents $090 per an-
num; this is one of the best buys in
the market.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
$4 # 750 — Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
each; near Harrison' and Tenth sts.;
only € years old and In first-class con-
dition; brick foundation; lot 25x85 feet
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM CITY HALL.
$25,000 — Make offer: three* houses and 4 flats;
renting for $1872 Jjfr annum; on Uie
north -side '.of street: key lot from Van
Ness ave. W5xl2O feet; this Is an es-
i tate and the owners are very desirous
of making a quick sale.
HOWARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
$20,000 — Northwest side of Howard st, be-
tween First and Second; flne large lot
¦••--• 50x85 feet; present old Improvements
. renting for $60. per month; in. the
heart of a rapidly improving district.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦.¦¦:.h'?.';; . ""• 638 Market st
G. H. UMBSEN^CO..^
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$20,600— Rents $160 per month; Hayes-st. busi-
ness property; new buildings consist
of store and 6 flats; 2 frontages; lot
25x120.
$15,000 — Rents $105 per month; Sansome-st.
corner; a substantial brick building
of store and 45 rooms used as a hotel
and under lease; tenant pays water
and makes repairs.
$12,500— Rents $112 per month; Oak st. oppo-
* site Park Panhandle; 3 new elegantly
finished flats , of 7-8 rooms and bath
each; 25x100. ' .. ¦
$12,500 — Bush. st. corner, store and 2 flats, all
- In perfect order and steadily rented.
$3,000— Rents $62 per month, which are ex-
ceedingly low; Union st, near Jones:
- 4 bay window flats of 6-5 rooms and
bath each, brick foundation, etc. ;
large lot 40 feet front.
$7,000— A new elegant residence, nicely slt-
. uated In the Mission warm belt and
commanding a flne view; large lot 50
, xlOO. -
$8,500 — Rents $45 per month: Folsom st., near
-. . Twentieth; 2 new bay-window flats of
5-6 rooms and bath each; brick foun-
dation, etc. ; 25x95. .
$6,000 — A choice northeast corner close . to
Park Panhandle. 46:10x100; an ideal
lot for flats.
$5,700— Rents $45 per month; Nineteenth st,
near Guerrero; 2 very desirable bay-
window flats; 25x100.
$5,600 — Rents $42 per month: Devisadero St.,
near Haight; 2 bay window flats; must
be sold in order to close ajx estate;
25x100.
$5,500— Rents ?47 SO per month; inside store
property 2 i tores of 3 rooms each I and
flat of 6 rooms; this is a snap.
$3,250 — Lyon st., close to Sutter; residence of
8 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
' etc: 25x119; no reasonable ofter re-
. fused." •;¦••:¦ - ¦•¦-¦¦
$2,100— A new, cozy bay-window cottage of 5
rooms and bath near. the Misslon-st
: . car line: 25x100. - ¦ ; -
- Sand for our. Real Estate Record
containing a list of properties for sale
. In all parts of the city. ¦ .
. \- . -Latest Pocket Map of San Fran-
. Cisco, 25c. . .... -.--, i
. G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
¦ . 14 Montgomery st
NEW 8-room snd. bath. house. on 23d st: easy
5 terms; near Douglass. .
•¦ 6-room and bath house on Alvarado St.;
easy terras; near Hoffman ave. -
' ' 6-room and bath house opposite' terminus
: Valencia and Mission; easy terms; 28th st -
- ' $150— Lots on Buena. Vista st., near 23th
and-MI«sIon; $10 down, $2 CO monthly.
'- ' . $160 — Lots an Silver ave.. near. San Bruno
cars: $5 down. $1 monthly.
„- $150 — Level lots fronting San Mateo elec-
trtc. car; street graded; $10 down. $2 B0
' monthly. , ' j
." $50— Lots ¦ in Alvin tract, Elmhurst sta-
tion; $1 down, $1 monthly; 15 minutes' ride
from Oakland. - .
> - $650 — 4-rcotn car houw and lot 25x120:
- 47th ave. and J St., Ocean boulevard; $25
down, $5 monthly. « . . : ..---.
-¦¦¦¦-- JACQB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st
SUNNYBIDE.
$900—231 Jooet ave.: nice 4 -room cottage: no
. payment down: monthly payment
. - $13 60; same as rent
$1250—42 Circular ave.: store and 5-room flat:
. - . ¦ store rents for $S per month: small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
$1250— 6-room house, bath. - etc. ; large base-
ment; rents for $12; $250 cash, balance
$14 a month. ,
$1000—220 Chapultepec, near 29th . and Mls-
'. -iSlon; this Is a bargain; no payment
down: $14. a month. ' -
$050 — 1819 16th ave.; house,' 4 rooms-
small payment down, balance same as
. rent. - - 7i '"rufl^Qil'fouiJlliJjff'JO'i'WIM
$2200— 3508' Mission, st:. store and living-
: rooms; small payment down, balance
. same ,. as rent. •-•"¦*„¦¦•
\ A ¦•••-•- A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ARTISTIC HOMES—; _-
. . : COMMANDING GRAND VIEWS.
•: $3350— Best houses ever .offered - for the
money; large. sunny rooms; 'all latest conveni-
ences; big -lots, - 30x137:6;- splendid - neighbor-
hood ;> terms same- as rent; open on: Sunday for
inspection : Filbert, - bet. ¦ Broderlck ¦ and Baker.
. LYON & HOAG.
•V . . 114 Montgomery s t
IUBKH ACER & PERKINS.
., Real Estate and , Business Brokers, room 44,
: Parrott t building, fourth floor, JS25 Market
street -..Phonj South 432. ; .'.'¦/
2 CHOICE level lots: suitable for 1 residences or
.:, flats; close to Park Panhandle; to be -ofTerea
• at a bargain or will exchange. G. II. UMB-
SEN & CO., J.4 Montgomery st. -
HELP WANTED — MALE— Cnn. *
"WANTED — Practical gardener; single man pre-
ferred. Apply 215 Hayes st.
WANTED — Old man to. take care of place. oO
Hannah et. Watts Tract. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 563 Mission sty bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to epeak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 -Ellis -et. San Francisco.
"WANTED — Men to learn barber .trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Lo 8 Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
run3 Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st
BOYS wanted. 16 years of age and upward;
wages $1 per day. Apply at Rope Works,
Potrero. . - . - . - . •- •
TAILOR for repairing" clothing. 655 Clay st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A, E. Co., 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50o up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.nr. 5th.
PENSION atty.. E..A. Bullls, .3, 40. Pheian
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas PoEt. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
th« world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- i
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ¦ established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ . ; '-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
BEAUTIFUL span Palomemo carriage horses,
4 and 5 years old. 16% bands high; full
brothers; standard bred. For particulars,
1328 Mission st; horses at 810 Thirteenth
st. Oakland. . -.. .
DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wednes-
day. Jan. 8. at 11 a, m.. at the Arcade Horse
Market 327 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. . . . • - - •
30 HEAD of fine draught horses; weight from
1200 to 1600. For further information apply
at 1238 Stockton st
ONE second-hand undertaker's -wagon, one t-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
YOUNG, gentle business horse for sale, cheap.
2453 Mission Et .
A GOOD top-buggy, almost new, cheap. 2545
Howard Et" '
FOR SALE — One bay road horse; fast; will
be sold at a bargain. 1611 California st.
HORSE, $20; mare, $25; also big plow horse
and coal wagon cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
2 BLACK teams; brewery or hacks; $350 each.
Star Stables. 2125 Mission st.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. Johr H. HALTON. 1732 Market
A BARGAIN In good carriage, i saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave. j
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light i
camping. wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission, j
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irrltationsTposltively '
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicate!
massape treatment; consultation free. MRc.
HARTLAND. Hair.Speclalist. r. 39. ISO Post.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTIC magnetic institute; diseases, habits
cured: lessons given. Dr. Conrad. 7 Grant ave.
1X)ST AND FOUND.
LOST — Route book with name Earnest A. Lee
with Caswell Co. Return to 415 Sacramento
st. ; reward. > N
LOST — Envelope containing $25 gold; reward.
Finder address box 2345, Call office.
LOST — December 31, round gold scroll brooch,
one diamond in center; prized as a gift; $2O
reward. 2121 Larkln st.
LOST— December 26. lady's gold watch; name
and date Inside: initials "A. M. P." Return
to L. SILVESTER, the Audubon. 1105 Hyde
St.. and receive reward. . |
LOST — A package of canceled checks. Please
return to Donohoe-Kelly Bank, corner Mont-
gomery and gutter sts.
LOST— Silver skye terrier dog. Jack; tag 4265. I
Return 156% Silver St.: reward...
LOST — Thursday evening, on Clay or Jackson
Bt. car line or at corner of Clay and Powell
f>ts. a brown alligator skin purse; reward.
J. H. BISHOP, 632 Market st.
THE party that took the bicycle yesterday
from City Hall library - please leave at 1508
Howard st. and receive reward; no questions.
MRS. W. J. SPOTSWOOD.
LOST — A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KNUD JANSEN, No. 174-502. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MICHAEL McGUINNESS, No. 114-
788. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Diamond heart brooch; $50 reward.
Return CARRAU & GREEN. 220 Sutter st.
LOST — Pearl opera-glasses in black crocheted
bag. "Wednesday, Jan. 1. at 2 p. tn.. on Fill-
more st... bet. Golden Gate ave. and Turk
Et Return to 1015 Fillmore st ; reward.
LOST — Sealskin collar on Pine st, between
Van Ness ave. and Jones st Return to The
Colonial Hotel and receive reward.
LOST — A memorandum-book. If finder will re-
turn it to S17 Davis, city, will receive reward.
ROUND gold locket and ribbon; S, H. on
locket Return SOS Van Ness ave.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and rtlver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS. .
ENEIGN Machine Work\ 415^ Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mipe hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIJiO.M.iL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AJiP PILLOWS.
TO - order, also cleaned * and . eetrt llzed, uphol-
rtery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROfc., 411 to 415 Powell
st; teL Bush 421. .
MEDICAL.
DK. O'DOXXELL — All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines =ave been used for many years. by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases nave
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential s-ivlce on all subjects of a deli-
cate natnre: ill classes of female complaint*
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. a.
W. Q-POSKELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
Berlin. In midwifery cases; takes ladles before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
-ment. $15; room and board. $5 week; Infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
residence. 606 Guerrero, or. ISth; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 OTarrell st
MRS. M. WEGEXER ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement 210 Eddy st, near
Taylor, forreily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MBS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years* successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 1228 Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F. *
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; beet medical 'care; low fees.
WANTED — Betz whole body hot air apparatus.
Hoover Baths, 1327 Market st. • .
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen, re*. 1349 Alabama
st., near 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by, herbs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
. 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
.. . .: HOUSES TO LET.
A^RlNTElTllst houses to "let ; senT^or~cl£
cular, G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MODERN 2-story furnished house; best, part
Alameda: $30 month. Write with references
F. W. D.. care Johnson-Locke Merc. Co.,
123 California st ',
1WOVEV TO LOAJt- -CoT»ttnT.--V .."'¦¦-
3% ON : furniture arid Dianos:; $15 v up: ¦ no re-:
; moval.v Phone Black 170a. .'Room 81,6 Eddy. ;
Lowest rates, furniture,- pianos; no removal: no
. commls.; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt
ON salaries, N.-" Y. ' plan;, indorsed paper 'dls-
. counted. :. TOUSLE Y CO., 321 Parrott: bldg.
ON furniture,' pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st v.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON SALARIES without lndorser;- other propo-
, sltlons. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Pheian big.
'LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
. \plan. Western Loan. Co:.'- 300 Pheian bldg. :
MONEY ; WAXTEO.
WANTED— LoarTof VoOO "at 1 percent" sTmonth;
good security. Box 2906. Call office. ¦ .- .". '
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. .
DIt~cTc~O'DONNELL — Office and residence"
1021% Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats alt diseases of the human body: see!
testimonials at office. 115-117-Mason. nr. Ellis, j
PLAXIXG ASP TCRMXG MILLS. . '
WOOD and Ivory Turning. '. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— To buy cottage^ 7 rooms, bath, in
Alameda. with view of bay. Address C. H.
L.. room 3, 30 Geary st. .'¦-.'¦
MUSICAL 1NSTRUJ1KSVS. j
THE finest and best assortment of pianos ever \
shown In the city, is to be seen In our ware-
rooms; what \s better, we are sailing them at
such low prices that you cannot afford to go
elsewhere; every Instrument fully warranted
to be Just as we represent and we look after
and keep. them In order. We have the "Wlas-
ner. Decker & Son, Baumeister. Steger and
Singer for you to select from and the price
will be made -satisfactory:, you are accom-
modated with easy- payments If you desire.
THE ZBNO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 709
Market at.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
| both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and . includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
4 eaty payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER- I
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stemway dealers* corner I
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco: cor-
ner. Broadway and Thirteenth, sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
, LESTER Pianos. I
HAMILTON Pianos. i
SPIELMANN- Pianos. ¦ ¦ J
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER. I
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 I'.-t >t.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand cquare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand "organs from $25 up; new upright
Manos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
& Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos. *
FINE pianos at special sale: no smashed up
or old trumped up pianos of unknown mak-
ers, but all first-class instruments; fully
warranted at unheard of low prices. Special
terms this week. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood bldg. - I
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased: i
installments $3 up; big allowance for old I
pianos; bargains $23 up In Stelnways; Heine, j
Chlckerlng. etc. Agents v/anted for Peerless I
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st. '¦ . ¦ ¦¦ ." . . .
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $S5; nix-octave i
Mason tk Hamlin - organ. ¦ $35: ' Stelnway
square. $100: elegant* burl walnut Cameron
: upright, used only few months. $275; Bech-
i stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS & I
j s SON. 23 Fifth St.: IVERS & POND, Agents.
' ANY piano sold by us taken back any time !
within 2 years and full purchase price a!- ¦
; lowed on s. new peerless Knabe, at regular ,
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano i
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrtil I
6t. : established 1850. k^ |
A STECK. Everett, Hardman, Ludwlg. Pack-
ard, Kingsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 033 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy, terms! ' ¦ -
OUR p!anoi>, the leading makers: price $100
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th ft Church.
PIPE organ; new; 5 speaking stops and pedals.
S15 Webster St.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
Sacrifice account unforeseen circumstances, up-
right piano, magnificent tone, case. -043 'Turk.
A FINE Conover cabinet grand piano for sale
cheap. 1250 Mission st. . ¦•:
PARTY roIiik away: must rent, sell or store
upright Stelnway piano. Box 31S6, Call.
$150— ON sale, upright grand; cost $600; make
cash offer. Room 36, 217 : Geary st'
$175— A RARE chance;- fine upright.
SCHMITZ. Ill McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition,
$75; Erard upright. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert . and Stelnway bargain*.
XEW HYGIENIC ¦ TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET..
STORE 30x30, with basement 40x80; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st. . . -
LARGE modern ! store, 120 feet deep, with
basement full length; 429 Bush St., opposite
California Hotel: runs to rear street. VON
IIHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California.
TO let— A flne large basement. 660 Mission
St.. near Third. Apply upstairs.
- : -- . 'OIL. ', ¦" . ' ¦ '
OIL tanks, second band, in good order: all
sizes: cheap H. P. WHITK. M« Mtwlon st.
PALMISTRY.
DON'T fall to read SIR HENRY PRI-
CHARD'S large ad on page 24..
G L. Neergaard. president St ' Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2033.
i H. JEROME FOSEL.LI, scientific palmist, 615
. Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
. PATENTS AND PENSIONS. \
i PENSION advice free; .general practitioner.
¦ Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
1'BHSONAIiS. \
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; entire
trade: $5 course Includes manicurinr. mas-
sage, weavintr, ventilating, switch. and wig
making, etc; human heads for practice; po-
sition secured each graduate; no fake prom-
ises; - call and- sret names of students in
stores, also In business for themselves; hair-
dressers with a run of private customers
earn from $75 to $125 per month; our school
is the best, being i the first, oldest and hav-
ing the most : fashionable and experienced
teachers; day and evening classes. S. F.
HalrilresHlng College. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
FRECKLES— I possess the valuable secret ot
the only lasting freckle "oure in the world.
It removed my own big black i freckle? - and
gave me a perfect complexion after all other
remedies had tailed. . No return guaranteed
and proved before you pay a. cent. I have
testimonials from beet people of • city whom
I have cured. ' MISS . SL'RNEY, room 62,
Columbian bldg., 01G Market st Cut this out.
ABOUT your hair— To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop
falling - and - grow new : hair. The Star Hair
Remedy is ' superior to all ' other tonics and
restoratives. It Is clean and healthful, is not
gummy or sticky; no grease, -no stain; never
v fails. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our
office. 385 Geary st. The Star Remedy Co.
A HOT OFFER— MARTEN, THE TAILOR,
701 Geary St., ' cor. , Leavenworth; phone Lar-
kin 1016:. any suit or "overcoat in the store to
' order for $20; no more, no, less; any style;
send for samples; suits pressed ¦¦ 60c; ladies'
and gents' garments remodeled ; ! goods called
' for .: and delivered. free ; of charge. " : ; -
THAT BROKEN STOVE."":.;. . .". ....... . -..:...
We repair it good as new; see HOCKING &
ADAMS for lowest ¦ prices on French ranges
; and laundry, furnaces; repairs for all ranges
¦ and stoves; waterbacks : our specialty/ l 383
,, Geary. st;, phone .Black 2456. ¦ . .
"AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15: with these suits we make an. extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on lnstall-
' ments. $1 weekly." L. > LEMOS, HIT Market
. st. between Seventh land Eighth.;-; .- <.-¦.,
LISTENiilt'B not what you pay for our $5 all-
wool pants; it's what you. get for what you
'.' pay. , They are world-beaters; best value on
: earth;) made to order./ MASTEN, The Tailor,
; ¦ 701* Geary ¦ st., . corner : Leavenworth. ¦
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
' 'fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready, j J.,"VyV EVANS
r Domestic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light ',. In ! every : room — Winchester
... Hotel. , 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ¦
HELP WAJTTBP-— FEMALE-^Con.
—- — — ¦ •
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay; also have a. few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
FOR office afternoons, also assist some on ac-
counts; young person attending school pre-
fcrrcd; state wages expected. Box 2943. Call.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
and good pay. 864 \% Howard st, room 4.
INTELLIGENT lady to manage office; refined
position. Address with stamp box 2940. Call.
YOUNG lady for office; must understand plain
bookkeeping: wages $5 per week. Address
H.. bcx 2939. Call office.
A VOL'.VG girl of 16 to assist with light house-
iv, tK: no washing: go to school If so desired.
MRS. H. TAYLOR. 1S23 Pacific ave., Ala-
nieda. ,• .
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer;
rtate age. experience, salary expected and by
whom previously employed. Box 3171. Call.
A NEAT young girt, living near the park, for
very light housework; sleep at home. Apply
¦ 228 Frederick st, near Clayton.
EXPERIENCED operators . on welted work;
large Singer machines. Carson Glove Co.,
35 Market st. ' -
GLOVE operators and - apprentices; steady
wcrk. B. BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 25 Battery.
SEAT girl, general housework, plain cooking;
2 In family: $10 month. Call mornings, up-
t »er flat. 1225 Webster St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
suits and waists. Call 107 Post st.
WOMAN for washing at home: German pre-
ferred: call Sunday p. m. 237 Golden Gate.
LUNCH waitress wanted. People's Restau-
rant €31 Clay st
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss * Co.'e Overall
Factory, S2Vi Fremont st; no cxperlenes
rseoeecary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
tUt DAVIS.
AN elderly German lady to take car* of two
children; must have come experience as gov-
erness: state religion; Ealary, $30 and found.
Box 2394. Call office.
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call at
2706 Sacramento st. '
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to do light
housework; plain cooking. 1013 Treat ave.
A GIRL wanted to do upstairs and wait at
table. 232S Pacific ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
HELP AVAXTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 5S48
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office Open 7 a. m
Blacksmith for ranch, steady Job. 75e fare. .
$52 and found
Furnace man, married or Eingle. .$65 & house j
4 teamsters, large ranch, south.. $30 and fd |
Machine hand, planing mill $3 day
8 farmers and orchard hands. .$26 and found
4 pruners, Eame orchard, long job; 2 ma-
chinists, city; 3 choremen; 5 woodehoppers,
$1 25 and SI SO cord, tools furnished
50 woodehoppers and tiemakers, 75c to $1 50
cord end 10c to 15c each
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waiters for bakery $10 week and board '
Restaurant cook, S5c fare.. $14 week and fd I
Cook, country hotel, $1 25 fare.. $40 and fd !
7 cooks, city and country hotels: 5 waiters, !
country: dikh washer, no night or Sunday I
wcrk. $25; kitchen help
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
•WANTED — Men now engaged in representing j
wholesale tailoring firms and have been euc- ¦•
t,-essful In the line; very largest wholesale j
tailoring concern in U. S. will give 6uch men ]
opportunity to make more money than they |
ere making at present: best sample equip- ¦
ment woolens on consignment swatches.
«-tc. will be furnished; branch stores opened ,
without requiring Investment of salesman: I
salaries guaranteed to right parties; good \
salesmen will find this their opportunity. :
A. H. NICOLL. Lock Box 529. Chicago. III.
TOUNG tnan about 16 years cf age to make
himself generally useful about our cutting-
rooms. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gougli
and Grove sts.
BOY to learn carriage blacksmi thing; one with
experience - and references preferred. 828
Harrison st.
BOY wanted at ' JOE ROSENBERG'S, II
..QTarrell <&.„ -- - - .-, . . — .
PARTY to take contract to cut 1000 cords oak |
wood. Room 534, Parrott building.
. !
2 BOYS wanted. Apply at 725 Mission st.
TAILOR, presser ladies' suits; Sunday, 10 to
12. end Monday. A. KAHN. 142 Geary et.
MEN experienced soliciting daily papers; high-
grade proposition; good pay. Box 2966, Call.
MAX of rood appearance for circulation -work;
call Monday. 240 Montgomery et., room 7.
WANTED — Business men, to present a good ;
proposition: we want good talkers; salary. >
M9 Market, room 45; room 41, Macdonough '
bldg., Oakland; room 55, Porter bide., San !
Jose. i
BOYS to work'on delivery wagons. City De- j
livery Co., 504 Stevenson st. j
FOR Sale — First-class barber chop; 6 chairs, I
1 4 electric lights, first-class washrtand. 0 i
large mirrore, 8 looking-glasses. 1 large rair- ;
i ji (IS feet high by 18 wide), cash register. |
linoleum, carpets: place established 8 years; j
the best fixtures and business in the city; the :
cause of tale, sickness. Shop. G32 Montgom- )
ery st: price $2500. ;
A YOUNG man to help on lathe; $25 month. !
2S08 Twenty-fourth et.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor; must have very
Itf-st recommendations. A. CAILLEAU, 114
Kearnj' st
WANTED — Dress goods and domestic sales-
man. Apply 1220 Market st, Sunday morp-
ing. 10 and 12, Monday 8 and 9.
CASH boys wanted. LIVINGSTON BROS.,
ia Post ct.
WANTED — A young man to drive & grocery
wagon and take care of two horses. Box
2354. Call office.
BOY wanted to attend telephone and office.
¦^11 at residence. 3481 Twenty-second Bt..
Sunday, bet. 10 and 12. or office, Monday, at
13 Howard st
WANTED— Honest young man with $250. take
cash and assist in restaurant: $50 month; no
experience: only those having the cash and
mean business apply. MOWN. 1221 Market.
BltlGHT. active boy. about 15. who reside*
with oarents. for tea and crockery store;
must come well recommended; steady posi-
tion for an honest and industrious boy. Ap-
p!y Columbia Tea Co.. 1037 Market «t.
CN* elderly man for country. German preferred,
to talce care of stock and main* himself e*n-
erally useful about place: wages $10 month.
Apply 2C5 Stevenson ct.
WANTED — Recipes' for :¦-. jubes, gumdrops and
packet table lellles: will pay $5 each for
recipe* witii demonstration. Box 31SS. Call.
SHOEMAKER for ceDeral repairing. Phila-
delphia Shae Co.. 10 Third *t.
COST clerk In manufacturing machine shop;
must be exD^rieaced; references required-
salary $50 at fiist. Box 2979. Call. '
A. LEADING San Francisco dally paper desire*
the service* of ten flrsl-claas solicitors, and
'win- pay m. salary and commission to those
meeting Its requirements. Ad. box 2984, CalL
CIVIL eervlce Government positions; 9SS3 ap-
pointments last year; probably 10.000 this
year; common school education required for
examination ; information free. Columbian
Correspondence College. Washington. D. C
CPLCIALTY salesman to sell retail trade; ver7
attractive proposition; good territory for
HM2. the Elreian Mfg. Co.. Detroit Mich.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to rirht man. F. PERSON,
room *1X Parrott building.
DISHWASHER wanted; $15 and found. 1224
Point Lobos ave.
WANTED— A good pressman at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — Buehelman; steady work. Apply
308 Bush et. .. ¦ ,
roUNG men — Learn rapid lettering for signs,
show cards, tickets, etc: home study; book-
let free. W. A. THOMPSON. Pontlac. Mich.
WANTED — Good honest man as partner In of-
nce business that will pay from $15 to $35
per if»<V; this is no fake; come Investigate
ims; $ioo required. 88 Third st. room S.
WANTED — Experienced young man in general
lin* of business, bookkeeper and chipping
clerk. Apply to H. SCHELLHAAS, the
furniture dealer. Eleventh St.. Oakland.
APPRENTICE wanted in Job printing, press
and type. Whale Printing Co.. Polk and Pine.
"•'ANTED — Person In each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarter*: money advanced for expenses;
Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope.
Manager. 229 Caxton bldg, Chicago.
k ANTED — First -class experienced floor walker
for dry goods store; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply ¦ box 3172. CalL
ti^L dze men'* shoes, slightly damaged, half
Price, 663 Mission ct., bet. 1st and 2d sts. .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^: JAK1JARX oi 1902.
34
[*_r Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
.. fullv invited to attend the funeral servlceb
to-moirow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from
the r*«idence of her , daughter. - Mrs. A J 3.
Fey; 2553 > Van Ness avenue. -.between Union
/ nnd Filbert «treet«. thence. to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church, corner": Dupont and
Filbert streets, where a solemn requiem high
muss' will bo celfbrated : for the repose of her
¦ s-nil. comm<»nclne at5lO:.TO o'clock precisely.
Interment Holy- Cross Cemetery. '
DELL'RY — In., this . city.- January . 1. 1002.
: George. : beloved l*rsbn.'>d- of the late <Ellza-
' hpth Delury, nnd father "of Juvne*. George.
Willitm,. Jeremiah, Daniel. Mary Kathryn
(CrFrlenda are lnvit*rt- to attend the fu-
' neral Monday. January t!. at 11 o'clock, from
¦his late residence, northeast' corner Eighth
and Brush stre'els. Oakland, " Cal. Interment
private. ' . -." ¦* -¦• y
CUNEO — In this city, " January ¦' 3. 1002 Mad-
dalr-nn Cuneo, dearly boioved wife of the late
Anrtrea Cuneo. and - loving mother of Mrs
• Joseph Cnneo. Mrs. E. Barblerl and Mrs j"
S. Fey. a. native of Italy, aged 75 year's **
months and 8 days. .'
(CTThe funerar will take place to-morrow
(Monday), tt 8:3(1 o clock, from the resl-
' dence of her sister. 135 Face street, thence
to -Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, oommenclnc at 9- o'clock. Interment
¦ Holy Crofs Cemetery. <
CH1LPRKSS — In Oakland. January 4. -1DO-
S. S.' Prenllss Childress. beloved brother of
¦ Mrs. T. R. • Hutchlna.m. nnd uncle of ¦ Mr*
Ernest C. Pelxotto. - Mrs.* Bernard Ransome"
Mrs. ' William . Bull l-rlngle and Dwlght
Hutchlnson. '. a - native of Vlcksbunj:. , Miss
aged 60 years. (New Orleans papers please
copy.) -¦ y>*tagr1H*"-|B ¦,»[;• . - - 1 • - .
DIED.
Anderson. Katie McLean. Joseph R.
.Chlldress. S. S. P. Mitchell. , David
Cuneo. Maddalena ' Morrison. 'Walter C.
, Delury. - Georee O'Brien, Christopher
Drayeur. Fortune- O'Neill. Lawrence
' Ducroux. Fred . Parcells. Charles B.
Dunn. Catherine * Pollns. Mary
Entzminger,' Lizzie Prescott. Jacob
Forcada. Joseph Russell. John A.
Gilflllan. Archibald Ryan. Mary F.
Graham. Ann . Stake. Hulda E.
Hag«?erty, .Mary Stevens. George
Hanlon. Joseph A. Sullivan. Eugene > '
Hanovan, ; Bridget ' Swanton. William
Harrington, Hanora Sweet, Mary a.
Hart. John Wall. Perry -
Linn. Mrs. Nancy Watts. ; Esther H.
•Llnder. Phillip Jr. Welsh. Maggtei
Lindskos. H. G. M. Zobcl. Handel H.
ANDERSON— In this city. January 4. mno
Katie, dearly beloved sister of William and
I Nell Anderson and Mrs. William Relterman
a native of San Francisco. ¦
REAL ESTATE — COttyTRY— For Sale ,
FOR SALE , - ,
"- V~OR EXCHANGE.
A highly improved country home and vine-
yard property, situated adjoining the town of
Saratoga, Santa Clara Co.. and consisting of 50
acres; there are SO acres planted - to ' the . best
resistant vines grafted to choicest wine grapes;
a few acres are In family orchard ; the Im-
provements consist of a large 12-room modern
residence, with spring water piped throughout:
the house Is surrounded by handsome grounds,
with lawns, flowers and shrubs; there are also
stables and other ranch buildings; the house
sets on a sufficient elevation to command a
beautiful view of the Santa Clara Valley; the
wine Industry is assured good prices for years
to come and wine grapes are selling for $25 to
$30 per ton, which makes a resistant vineyard
an Investment proposition; this property is
worth your immediate Investigation; price
$15,000. For'full information call on or address
McAFEE BROTHERS, .
t_ 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
THE CHOICEST BODY 3
• OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
3660 acres. ,. . .
No waste soil.
2800 acres under cultivation.
1 Remainder will be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre.
One and one-half hours
From San Francisco
By rail or water.
For sale . •
On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable
. parties. - ; , ..-.__ - -
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
VILLA SITES
In the heart
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS,
San Mateo.
• In view of the great demand for building
sites In El Cerrito we have been instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale
the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions .to
be seen at our office.
Terms one-third cash, balance In one and
two years.
MeAFEE BROTHERS.
IPS Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
VINEYARD, ' ~~
WINERY,
DISTILLERY,
In Napa County.
1150 acres.
"¦00 acres resistant vines.
400,000-gallon cooperage, " ¦
Fine brick residence.
• Price only $80,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS.
SAN MATEO,
I MENLO PARK. .
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and
homes in these beautiful places; also some
handsomely furnished houses for rent.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come' producing orchard,, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. " Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being the owner of an
Income , producing orchard and vineyard, can
Intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lands and bargains in the State.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
AT $60 per acre, 4S acres fronting on Sonoma
Creek at the town of ' Kenwood, Sonoma
County; half Is the finest valley land; re-
mainder hill, finely timbered; 5 minuted from
station.
Three tracts from 3 to 14 acres in the town
of Kenwood; finest land in the county.
Three small tracts from 10 to 15 acres, near
Glen Ellen; 5 minutes from station and school
Two small places In Kenwood, improved;
finest valley land; near El Varano, In tracts
to suit.
10 acres 2 miles from Santa Rosa; new 4-
room cottage, barn; 5 acres in young vineyard;
8*4 acres 1% miles from Santa Rosa; 5-room
hard finished house, barn; 0 acres in orchard
and vineyard: Vi acre alfalfa: never failing
Btream. , J. T. PETERS. 11 Montgomery st.
$2650— PRETTY and profitable home in San
Joaquln Valley, % mile from R. R. town;
- ' handsome 6-room cottage. . completely fur-
nished; lance barn, 6 chicken bouses. 100 Im-
ported chickens, steel windmill, 2000-gal.
tank: 6 acres in bearing orchard; 2 acres
vineyard; completely fitted for chicken
ranch; horse, Jersey cow, wagon and full
equipment of tools of all kinds; rents for
$250 per year; If you are looking for a snap,
, come and see this. C. F. MOORE. 935 Mar-
ket st.. room 6. .. -.,.-' :
SNAP for snap hunters — For sale or ex-
change. 9 acres orchard. 1 mile from Camp-
bells; finest fruit section in State; set in best
varieties of fruit; modern 7-room house; good
barn and outbuildings; good water; see photo
here. GAMMILL & MOCK, 20 Montgomery.
FOR SALE CHEAP. ~~
. Small tract of sugrar pine timber land; ex-
ceptionally fine; large stream of water ana
stage road through the land; shakes sell
for $5 per 1000 on the place. For further
information call at room 67, Flood building*.
E. N. EMMONS has moved his real estate of-
• flee from Petaluma to 11 Montpomery St.. to
handle all kinds of property in Sonoma,' Men-
docino. Marin, Lake and Nana counties.
Calls and correspondence solicited. •
IF you have a tract o£ redwood timber" in
Humboldt County you will bond. I can sell
jit. Call rm. 406. 4th floor, Spreckels annex.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to Bill: right locality; blsr money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
240 ACRES first-class farming and - timber
land; may be had cheap: located in Butte
County, Cal. Box 29S5. Call office.
FOR-cash rent, hear Haywards, 10 acres," fruit.'
well improved. . Owner, 2926 Sixteenth. 8. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
fr>e list. C. R. WINFIKLP. Prtalumw. Cal.
"Treal. estate to exchange. '
MAGNIFICENT bulldinjr lot.- Oakland. 16Ox
125, for city property: clear or encumbered.
Box 2067. Call. - . , ¦ -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
11ERKELEY REAL; ESTATE.
DON'T pay rent to your landlord, that he may
use the money to build other houses.' Be
your own landlord. We have some of the
best bargains In Berkeley to show you.
A good modern house of C rooms and bath;
5 minutes' walk to station, stores, churches,
etc.; large lot; all fenced; price $1600; $200
down, balance same as rent.: . > -r •
1 .. HOME REALTY CO. ,
A new cottage of 5 . rooms and bath ' on
large lot near station, etc.; price $1500; $200
down, balance $16 SO per^ month. ¦'¦
HOME REALTY CO. .
Modern 6-room house; only 1 block to cars,
etc.:a snap at $2000; $100, down, balance
same as rent. .
HOME REALTY COY
A pick-up! 6-room house on good large lot;
only 1 block to station; price $1250; easy
terms. ¦ ' • : -
HOME REALTY CO..
Lorin Station, ¦ '
Open Sundays. . Berkeley, Cal. : -'-
$4700— ll-ROOM house, near U. C. grounds,
east of /Telegraph ave. ; about 1 year old.* .
$1600 — One of the finest corner lots in Scenic
Park Tract; 00x125.
Corner lot on Shattuek ave.: worth $3000;
want an offer j for quick sale.
$750 — Corner lot.* 8 blocks from Berkeley sta-
tion. . .
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
• Opposite First National Bank, Berkeley.
$200 TO $225 — We are offering a few lots at
¦ this extremely low figure; each 40x135; street
" sewered: all ready to build on: a snap. MAY
6 MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
$650 BUYS a lot 40x135; right up. In town, at
North Berkeley: street work done; these: are
bargains: call and see us. •¦• MAY & MORTI."
MER, Berkeley Station. ¦
$500— LOT 50x125: In the hills of the beautlft-1
Scenic Park Tract; near college agency for
the sightly Wheeler and Scenic Park Tract.
I MAY & MORTIMER, 2123 Center St., Berke-
; ley ' Station. ¦
$1400 — HOUSE of & rooms* lot 50x120; only 1
block from station; a snap.~.sgag6*3*ais3s&
. , JOS. J. MASON. , :
¦¦ Berkeley Station.
¦ $1800 — HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: 2 blocks
- from station; on the sunny Fide of street *,
JOS. . J. MASON.'
¦ . ' ¦ Berkeley Station.:
$6600— HOUSE of 9 rooms, thoroughly modern;
one block from U. C. - grounds and east of
Telegraph ave. JOS. J. MASON. , V v .
' - Berkeley Station. -
— UERKELEY i ROOMS. ~~~"
IN Berkeley, 2730~Dwlg¥tTwaViv"bet7rcoirege
:-• and Piedmont aves. — A," new' apartment of
2 large well furnished sunny, corner ¦ rooms,
with large closet and dressing-room and sta-
tionary washstand : both adjoining an open*
-fireplace: small gas kitchen suitable for light
housekeeping; very desirable;, references re-
5 quired: $25 per month ;, also in' same hous«,
a.deslrable eingle room, well furnished, ¦-'¦¦¦:
BUCKLEY — DEWAR— -In San Jose. January
1.1U02, at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev.
Fathei Sasfa, Paul Kane Buckley ot Ala-
meda and Anabel Dewar of Nevada.
HERRING— REULE1N— In this city. Decem-
ber 31. .1901. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
William J. Herring and Maude A. Reuleln.
HEALEY— SCHROWOSKY — In this city. Jan-
uary. 2. 1002.' R. M. Healey. srrandson ot
Captain G. S. Munn. H. M. Eighty-sixth
Regiment, and Matlia Schrowosky.
McKINLAY— NIHELL— In this city. Decem-
ber 28, 1901, by the Rev. John Stephens.
William McKinlay and Helen M. NIhell
both of San Francisco.
MOISE — MASON — January 2, 1302; by the
"-Rev. -Mr. Marshall, Warren Hubert Molse of
Marlposa and Laura Mason of Sonora. No
carda.
SIMMONS— HUCK— In this city. December St.
1001. by the Rev. John G. Vogel. Charles Sim-
mons and Lulu V. Huck. both of San Fran-
: Cisco. > — •-.:.-
MABBIEJJ.
ALAMEDA, ADVERTISEMENTS:
..ALAMEDA: REAL ESTATE. :
NICE" HOMES IN ALAMEDa"
:' For Sale Cheap.
, Great Bargains This -Week.
A Chance toGtt a Home at Cost. • - '
INVESTIGATE OUR OFFER. , ,
Only $450 buys a lot 50x150; a snap. -
Only $1000 buys a fine 0- room and bath; near
trains and schools. \ .' . . -.
Only . $1(100 buys a fine 4-room cottage ; , near
trains and schools. >.'. • >
Only $1350 buys a 5-room cottage;, large lot.
' Only $1500 ¦ buys a ' 5-room 2-story house;
nearly new; a .bargain. _. *
Only $2200, buys an elegant 5-room cottage;
corner lot; choice neighborhood.
OnlyjS^SOO buys a 5-room cottage; all mod-
ern improvements.
Only ?2500 buys a' C-room house; lot 40x125;
a snap. . ., ¦ ¦ • ¦. -
- Only $2500 buys a C-room cottage; lot 50x150;
must be sold, • >
Only $2750 buys a 7-room colonial house;
(foreclosure); see at oiice ¦ '"
Only ?2t!00 buys an 8-room house; lot 35x150;
choice locality.
$3500. $4000 and $6000 homes sacrificed.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
Office open Sundays and evenings. 1
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY, 1
¦ . 1500 Park st., Alameda. „
10-ROOM cottage, all on 1 floor; modern im-
provements; grand home for large family:
half acre of ground: close to station ;. must
be sold. E. D. JUDD CO., 1421 Park St.,
' Alameda. ' " , a . ¦ . .
NEW- cottage. 6 rooms; lot 35x120; $2500.
New cottage 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200;
teims. .:, /
J. H. YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park St.
A SACRIFICE — Two modern cottages for face
mortgage; alwayB rented: no agents. Box
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES, g
NEWLY and beautifully furnished house in
the choicest part of Alameda; will rent for
a term of ti months or a year; $80 a month.
Address P. Q. box 364, Alameda.
ALAMEDA FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat. 4 rooms and bath; separate yard;
stationary wash tubs. 1410 Ninth St., near.
Kncinal station. - ¦¦
FKUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
• $700 — House of 4 rooms; stable and chicken-
house; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50x140; all
fenced: $100 cash, $8 monthly.
' $750 — House of 3 rooms and attic; « small
barn; good well and pump; lot 125x115; easy
terms if desired.
$900 — $50 cash. $12 50 monthly; -cottage of
3 rooms, hard finished; 7- foot basement;
chicken-house; lot 75x100; all fenced; fine lo-
cation and a bargain. . ;.
$2200 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; marble washstand; stationary tubs; 7-
foot basement: good brick foundation; fruit
trees, etc.; lot 77%x3C3; all fenced and cross-
fenced; fronting main county road.
$2500 — 2V4 acres of sandy loam; cottage of 4
rooms and ' bath, basement, etc.; barn and
chicken-houses; good well, windmill and tank*-
cholce location; fine place for raising chickens.
Chicken ranch of 3 acres; house of 4 rooms;
stable: .7 chicken-houses; for rent at $10 per
month; stock and fixtures for sale, consisting
of 250 laying hens, 3 . chicken-houses. 1 incu-
bator, brooder-houses and wire fencing; all for
$275. '. ... ¦ .
'For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER.. Frultvale Station. Cal.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
$1000 — Modern cottace of O rooms and bath;
4 blocks from station; lot 37:0x140 ft.;
$21 uer month will buy this home; no
payment down. .
$1300 — New house of 4. rooms and bath; 4
short blocks from Fruitvale station;
corner- lot: $100 cash; balance same as
rent. %.. ¦ j ¦
$1500 — New house of 5 la—e ¦ rooms; lot 50x
170 feet; Forest Park: $21 per month
will buy this home; no payment . down.'
$1500— House of 0 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x
14G feet: 4 blocks from station: $21
per month will buy this home.
$1600 — New bakery and 5 rooms; right at sta-
tion; brick bake oven, cost $400; a
good business opportunity; terms to
suit. .
$1200— House, C rooms; corner lot, 45x145;
$16 SO per month will buy this home.
$1600 — New and modern house, 6 rooms and
bath; 1 block from Fruitvale-ave. car;
this is mortgage price; terms to suit.
W. E. RUDELL.
Frultvale ave., south of Railroad Track.
Office open from 8 to 10 a.m. ; all day Sunday.
Kite r«'\ \i,i-; :• i inisincn hoi;ses.
AN unparalleled opportunity; *i00x!30 feet,cor. :
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot--
tage ot 0 ro'-.ms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes lrom Oakland or one
hour from S. F. : rent $35 a month: price
S4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building.
or H. A. PLKITXFn. Fruitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCt— 1118 BkuADWAY.
O4KI.AMJ KRAI, KSTATE.
A SACRIFICE. ~~~
Two fine 8-room modern new homes, with
loans of $3000 and $3500 each; builder wants
Immediate offer each loan; choicest central
location; extraordinary chance to get a choice
"home on small cash payment and monthly
payment less than rent: see at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
400 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.-
$22,000— PALATIAL .MANSION.
• ."Beautiful for situation,"; possessing ad-
vantages of near remoteness and accessible
seclusion; only one. year constructed; a rare
home offering. i
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
' $13,600— Cost $20,000; Lakeside District;
elegant home, ••* 100x150; In Al condition; a
still greater sacrifice to sell -at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$7000 — Absolutely- no -choicer up-to-date
S-room cozy home In Upper Piedmont sec-
tion; grand panoramic view; surrounded- by
elegant mansions; superb home. *
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
' $3000 — Right down town; bargain; .7-room
cotta.Be; corner. CO feet; rents $18; cost $1300;
lot worth' more than price; to divide Interest
a sacrifice for quick sale.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1450 — Neat, cozy ba»window 5-room and
bath cottage; fronts right on -Telegraph ave.;
lot 33x120; mortgage $80; quick sale wanted.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2500 — Adjoining. home Joaquln Miller,. Up-
per Krultvale; 7-room house; 3 acres fruit;
on proposed Syndicate electric railroad. •
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.'
\* . $2250 — Neat bay-window cottage,. 7 room*;
lot 7C>xl40; street work complete; Lake Mer-
¦ rltt view; lot worth price.;- .^ •
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$12S0 — Neat 6-room house; - lot 100x125:
sewersd;/ near cars and school; East Oak-
land; terms easy.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
S2750 — Ninth st.,' near Center; new colonial
two-story house, .7 rooms and bath; up-to-
date. -. - :.:.'-. v > - ¦ _ - ¦ • . .
LAYMANCE . REAL ESTATE CO. '
$10O0 — A chance to get. a home at- a big
bargain; 5 rooms, bath, hall, porcelain 6ink.
hot water; sunny side Filbert et., near San
Pablo ave. 1 street work done, sidewalks, etc.;
half cash. ' - ¦ '
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO.
I - $1500 — Cottage. " 5 ¦ rooms ; lot double front-
age; Teralta. near Thirty-fourth;. 26x125.
LAYMANCE REAL. ESTATE CO. ;
. $1500 — Two-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
Tenth, near Campbell: lot 50x125.
LAYMANCE REAL 'ESTATE CO.
$1500 — Mortgage SHOO; new colonial 1V4-
story. 5 rooms and. bath; all modern ;,Thlrty-
eiijhth, near Telegraph 'ave. j ¦¦
LAYMANCE REAL; ESTATE CO.
$1000— Hubbard. • near Park. Emeryville; 5
rooms,' basement; lot 60x133; brick- founda-
tion; rented $8 a month. . . ¦' I ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦- '
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO.
¦ $1200— rMagnolla, ; near. Thirty-fourth - st.':
modern cottage, B rooms and bath; rented 810-
a month;. lot 50x133. ;* >.
. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE ' CO., :
400 and 462 Eighth St..
¦¦ 1. Oakland. -
E. J. STEWART & CO., -.- ~T~ ' - ¦ :",-'¦.
' ¦ - * ' . ¦ ¦-. 1008 : Broadway, Oakland.
,,$4500— Lovely. home of nine rooms and bath;'
large high basement;" lot 32x125 ft.; good ex-
posure;' an exceptionally fine location, being
central and near High and Grammar School and
churches: cost $6000rjust as good as new; own-
er must go to Ean Francisco; see this at once.
r $2350 — Brand : new story and a half cottage;
modern and pretty; between Telegraph ave. and
Grove st. electric car lines; 6 nice sunny rooms;
35 ft. frontage; fine neighborhood;. terms if de-
sired.' . ¦ V .--;-; ¦' ¦ .•¦ ¦ - ... ....... ¦ • .-- ¦- s
. $2400— Very . comfortable cottage of 6 rooms
and bath ; good brick - foundation ; , high base-
;ment; lot 50x135 ft.; ea*y walking distance "of
center of town and local, trains; mortgage of
$1500; Insured, for three years; a regular snap-
call or. write. ; —— *
X $10,000 — A. flne ; large, home; .¦' centrally lo-
cated; sunny, all day; 22 rooms especially
adapted for a sanitarium; house is In first-class
condition; plumbing perfect: easy terms can be
arranged; cost $15,000 to build. - : . .
E. .1. STEWART & CO.,
¦¦'. ¦--- ' ¦ .'.1003 Broadway.: Oakland.' ,'
HOUSES of -every; description and price for sale
' or.- rent. r Apply to .W.-E. ; BARNARD. 111S
', . Broadway; telephone ; Main - 10..
REAL ESTATE CITV— FOIl SALES.
A, j. iuCH & CO .T.T. . . Real Estate AgenU,
112 MONTGOMERY bT.
$150.000 — A grand factory site with buildings
of urick; 400,000 -square feet.
$120,000 — Post tt.; large corner; 3 frontages;
new modern building; pays $S400 per
annum; gilt-edge investment.
' $75,000 — A corner on Sutter st. ; 70x137:0; pays
$4250 per annum; well Improved store
' and flats.
$43.B00 — Sutter st., northeast corner; 60x80;
pays $275 per month; can be increased
to $300 per month..
J*2,600 — Stockton et.. near Union Square; pays
$2400 per annum; can be increased; 4-
etory brick building.
$37.500 — Polk rt.; fine business Investment;
pays well; 78 feet frontage; stores
and flats; never vacant.
$35,000 — Fine downtown Investment; brick
building: Ga feet west .from Kearny
St.; lot 4S:9x94:<>; 3-story brick build-
ing; pays under lease |2400 per an-
num.
$35,000— Seventh St.. near Market: a good in-
vestment for present and future.
1 A. J. RICH & CO..
_» 112 Montgomery st.
AT AUCTION!
By order of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco, executor of the '"Van Den Berg es-
tate.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 7. 1902. 12 0"Clock M.
A J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery Street.
Sixth st.. northeasterly line. 175 feet south-
easterly from Bryant St.. Nos. 533 to 549 —
Stores and lodging-house above; lot 100x90;
rent per month. $131.
Howard et.. southeasterly line, 37:6 feet
northeasterly from Moss vt.. bet. Sixth and
Seventh — Two slores and Eat above; 1061 and
10u;; lot 27:6x100; rent $G7 50 per month.
Elfrbth st.. northeasterly line, 245 feet south-
easterly from Folsom St., No. 321 — Old Im-
provements; lot 30x129.
A. J. RICH & CO., Auctioneers.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January, 1S58.
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
C26 Market st., Opp. Palace Hotel.
Market-st. gore lot intersection of Ridley
¦t.. 'M feet on Market; cheap buy; only $16,000.
Choice piece business property on Kearny.
near Market st., paying 0 per cent on asking
price.
Sacramento et. — Two modern flats, near Fill-
znore; lot 25x127; price $6S00.
$9750 — Grove st., near Webster; 4 flats; rents
(72 per month; lot 33x82:6. ,--
$6250 — Clay Et., near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
bath; in good order; 27:2x127:8.
$5500 — Flats on Pleasant St., near TaVIor:
renting for $42 per month; this property Is In
good order and is always rented.
$12,000 — Rents $1116 per annum; 6 good bay-
window fiats and lot 39:6x97:6; Inside property.
$3750— Pays $S64 per annum; 4 good fiats and
large lot in good renting locality; Western Ad-
dition.
$e000— Howard St., near Twenty-third; flats
6 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $43; lot 27xS5.
$S250 — Rents SCOO per annum; Woodward 1
ave.. near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats; !
lot 25x70. J
$3S00 — Very cheap comer; Church and Valley
(ts. ; store and flats; rents $36; only $3S00.
$3500 — Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
•t.; rent $340 per year.
$5000 — A nice sunny home; north line Bush
rt.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot-
t 84x137:6.
$3500 — Twenty-sixth St., near Castro; 2 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114.
(3400 — Jones Et.. near Jackson; 2 Cats; rents
ISO per month; 35x62:0.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.
near Eureka; modern. 5 rooms and bath; lot
65x75.
$4000 — Valencia St.. near Twenty-flfth; partly
improved: 36x90 to an alley.
$C5C0 — Seventeenth St.. near Dolores; 4 flats;
rents $59; lot 36:6x57:6; offered low to force
tale. MADISON & BURKE,
. , C26 Market st.
BOVEE. TCT & SONNTAG,
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS,
Beats Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
<i24 MARKET ST.
$13,000 — Choice three-story house containing
12 rooms and bath, on the north line of Mission
•t., near Sixth; lot 25xS5; rents for $55 per
month.
flZ.OCO — Sacramento Bt., near Scott; modern
three-story residence containing nine rooms and
bath; lot 50x127:6.
$11,000— Eddy St., near Lacuna; two flats
_nd two rear houses: lot 29:9x120 through to
rear street: rent $78 50 per month.
$10.000 — Three elegant new French flats; Oak
•t.. near Park Panhandle, containing seven
rooms and bath; rents $102 50 per month: size
9f lot 25x100.
$S500 — Two choice flats on Frederick st., near
Ashbury; rents $70 per month.
$7500 — Choice residence of 12 rooms and bath,
«i north line of Washington et., near Fillmore;
rented at present for $<j0 per month.
$<;5<:K) — Two choice flat?" on Green St., near
<Veb£ter; 0 and 7 rooms and bath each; lot 2C:9
cl37:6: rents $55 per month.
$(j750 — Pierce st., near Haight; two modern
late of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:3;
rents f55 per month.
$-»0f»0 — Choice cottace on 12th ave., near
mement St.: C rooms and bath; <? table; modern
in every respect: lot 50x120.
$3250— Let 50x137; on McAllister Et* near
Lypn.
$3000— Three-room cottage, on Sanchez st..
Beer ICth: lot 27:6x100.
?."'C00 — Choice cottage on Octavia St.. near
filbert; containing 0 rooms and bath; lot 27 '0
tlOO.
$3000 — Choice lot en the north line of Call-
tornia St.. near Baker; rize 25x120.
$300C — NE. comer, en Sacramento st.. near
«st ave.; size 37:6x100.
$2800 — Cottage of five rooms and bath- large
ittic and basement; lot 27x120.
$25OO — Choice lot* on Jackson Bt-, near Lau-
!»1: size 25x127 :8Vi. overlooking Presidio reser-
ration; streets bltumlnired.
$22T-0 — Cottape of five rooms and bath on 23d
rt... near Douglass: lot 25x114.
flCCO— Two choice lots on Clay st.. near
rherry: size 24:11x127:8.
Further particulars of V- -",
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
LYON & HOAG, , '. : ;?i
314 Montgomery Street.
$2.700 — Cheapest lot In Panhandle district;
north line of Page St.. near Lyon- 25x
100: pplendid light and sun.
$4,500— Two handsome new bay-window flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot
25xlC0; street accepted: pays good in-
terest on the investment; Steiner st.
$..750 — Re;ite 5S2 50: brand-new Clay-st. flats:
sunny side of street: 2 flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; positively the
very cheapest investment In the shape
of flats now on the market; first-class
neighborhood: will make an excellent
Investment.
C5.O00— Rents «140; new corner flats on Clay
et. : large lot more than 30 feet front-
ape by a rood depth: flats 10 and 12
rooms each; exceptionally good Inter-
est paying property; this property is
new and modern in every respect; fine
renting locality.
Q0.750— Bents $102 50: not far from the corner*
of Haight and Ashbury ets.; 3 brand-
y new bay-window flat* of 7 rooms and
bath each; all rented; marble steps
end every modern Improvement' lot
27x100: see them at once. '
M.750— Vw-y desirable key lot on Sacramento
Vii . nea T. Web « ter : 37:6x132:6; splen-
• ' _.. did locality for flats.
M.250— Rents $104; 3 handsome new flats on
McAllister rt.. Inside of Pierce; con-
M * «~. !?' n " room » »nd bath each; lot 25x90.
Q0.600— Three fine flats on Bush St.. Inside of
WSIB Larkin, cpT-U'nlr.gr 6, 6 and 7 rooms,
bath, etc.; each; lot 27 feet front.
Send for our complete printed list of prop-
•rty for eale In all Bect'.oas of the city.
LYON & HOAG,
i 1 114 Montgomery st.
ffAWKS * SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$8000 — Scott et., near Union; fine bay view*
nodern. 8 rooms and attic; Scott st. improving
art from Paciflc . , . .-
•MS250— Octavia st.. near Broadway; modern
Jouse. S rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
,$11.000— New flats; Broderick st., near Grove*
s 6. 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum. ¦
$15.000— Southwest corner Leavenworth and
rrten ets.; 137xlS7; rood bouse; superb view
»»sy approach from Hyde • or Union st. cars'
aske an offer.
SGOOO — Valencia et. Investment; 2 houses, 7
oom* each; rents $45 per month; cheap.-
$5000— Lot west side of Polk st, north of
«nion: 60x100; very fine bay view.
$3100 — Lot , on south elde or ' Chestnut St..
»e*t of Hyde: 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$."5000 — Lot In Potrero; corner Vermont and
Ilghteenth sts.; 110x100; street graded and
twered.
HAWKS & EKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
ROOMS^ ATOPOARD.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished; good table;' in .warm belt of* the
MUsion. 1070 - Valencia st. '
ROOM and board; elegantly furnished congenial
home; pri. ; mod.- con.'; 1 reas. Box 2943. Call.
HOTEL Dennistcn. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt" : free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. ' ¦'. .
THE Irvingdale. 628 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $G0; single room3
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
CALIFORNIA.- 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table: popular rates.'
NIARA.; 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board: terms reasonable.
HOTEL Impeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, M9 — Handsome furnished apart-
m«;nt»: t»nv.: 2 to "5 gents: best table board.
__ Ilt'PTURE SAXITAHIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER* SSANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st. ; treatment free; only
invention In the world that will not torture.
* M'KCIAI. NOTICE!).
BAD tenants ejected "foV$4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10;tel.S530.
>IS\yia G t M A CM l» KS AN H SiJyFLljgS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest latea. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
___S_TOj< A <K K AX » WARE HOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storaga and Movlnr Co..
of flee Post and Powell sta.: tel. Main 6713. ¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
slon St.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
UEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.:
t«>l. Main l«4O: chlppintr at cut rates.
T\rt:\viuTi:us amj suii'Lies.
GREAT BARG~AuTs1n"t"yp^Wr1t1eRS^W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the c'ty; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 5.16 California; telephone Main 2U6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctrrsiestlmate free. 20!> Sansome.
IHVIDKM) XOT1CKS.
CAUKOHNIASAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
» try sts.— For the six months ending Decem-
' ber V.i; 1001. dividends have been declared
on d«p<iFi; k in the savins* department of this
company as follows: On term deocslts at
. the rate of 3 G-1O "per ' cent Der annum, and
en ordinary deposits at the rate of St per cent
per annum, tree of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
tear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1. 1002. J.
DALZF.LL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY. 101 Mont-
Komery st.. corner of Sutter — The board of i
directors declared a dividend for. the term '
ending December 31, 1901, at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after'January 2. 1902. Dividends
nut called for are added to and bear th»
Mine rate of dividend m the principal from
and after January 1. 1002.
_^J Rt^_?' - CARMA NY. Cashier.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
sts.. San Francisco. Dec. 30 1901. At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum, on all de-
posits for the six months ending December
31. 1001. Free from all taxes and payable
. on and after January 2. 1002. ROBERT J.
TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend. No. 37, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of -the company has been declared
payable at the office of the comnany. 435
California St.. '¦ Pan Francisco, on January
30th. 1002. Transfer books i close January
3d. 1002. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Sec.
H1TMBOLDT Savings and I,oan Society. 13
Geary st.— The directors have declared a
dividend of .1 per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2. 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: • ..-, \
- John B. Ampuero. 32, ' city, and Addle
Sell lu esc hen, 25. city.
. . Benjamin F. Gaylord. 25.' 2217 Larkin street,
and Ella Kinkle. 2G. Napa. '
Karry Hook. 21, city, and Louise Pfelffer.
IS. city. ,
Clarence L. Johnston, 25. Denver, Colo., and
Lena F. Myers, 22. Denver, Colo.
Victor G. Veckl. 44, city, and Minnie A.
Veckl, 28, San Jose.
George F. Laushlln. 23, 100 McAllister
street, nnd Alice R. Cottrell, 23. 049 Sutter st.
Otto W. Schweitzer. 32. Lovelock, Nev., and
Jennie A. Brown, 22, Boyer, Nev. ¦
William H. Johnk. 34. 230 Powell street,
and Rosie Wigen. 35. Seattle. Wash.
Harold R. Wilbur, 25, city, and Ila L. Hen-
derson. 23, Stockton.
Charles Shrakkart. C5. 1429 Twentieth ave-
nue south, and Caroline Stoehr. 40. 1429 Twen-
tieth avenue south. s «•,
Michael Shaw. 24, Martinez, and ,Eva Wal-
lace, 24, Marlonville. Mo. *
Robert E. McCauley, 25, 1975 Howard street,
and Delia G. Burbank. 22. 2124 Howard street.
' Elmer E. Pierce, 22, 112% Grant avenue,
and Grace B. Trudijen, 21. 44 Third street.
B 1RTHS— MARBI&GES- DEATHS,
AITCHISON — In Ocean View. December 31.
1901. to the wife of George Aitchlson, a son.
BARLOW— In this city. December 25. 1901. to
the w!fe of Arthur J. Barlow, a daughter.
CUDWORTH— In this city, January 1, 1902.
lo the wife of Royal W. Cudworth. a son.
DONLEAVY — In this city. January 1. 1902.
. to the wife of M. F. Donleavy. a son.
PAUL— In this city. December 18. 1901. to the
S wife of John Paul, a m-n.
STOLZ— In ; this city, December 29. 1901, to
the wife of H. F. Stolz, a daughter.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
: OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1700— ORIGIN AL COST, $3500.
Fine corner.: 38x100; store'and 4 large living
rooms, barn; an estate and must be sold; No.' 1
business location for a grocery store, butcher
shop or laundry. In fact any kind of business;
a great . sacrifice and must be sold this week
without reserve. -
J S. MYERS & CO..
• ¦_ 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$6500 FOR A~$10,000 PROPERTY. . . ,
•Location; Sixteenth and Grove sts.: only four
blocks from business centers; lot 00x100; mod-
ern tt-room house and bath; very sunny and
first-class location; first come.' first served. ,
J. S^MYERS"** CO..
"-.¦•- • 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3100— ORIGINAL COST $5600. "
New house • of. 7 rooms, cement basement,
trunk closet, nickel plated and open plumbing,
large lot, driveway; surrounded by $15,000
homes; four blocks to local station; near cars,-
schools, etc. ; owner non-resident and must
sell; $2500 can remain on mortgage; first come,
first served. ' ' . - . ¦ -
•' J. S. MYERS & CO.,
•' - 1002 Broadway, Oakland. .
$4250— SHOULD BE $C000. ' • ¦¦¦"-.¦ £
Object, .quick, sale; near : Fourteenth and
Broadway; large, lot; good neighborhood; in-
terior decoration and finish of. the latest and
best in Oakland; space too expensive to extol
its charming qualities; seeing is believing; will
rept for $45 per month; only $1000 cash, bal-
ance can remain on mortgage; .must be sold
this week. v.
. J. S. MYERS & CO..
-.,.:' / 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
100 ACRES, near Niles, * $5000. good house,
bearing orchard." unlncumbered, will sell or
¦ exchange for city improved; >61G acres. 7
* miles from Oakland.- $28 an acre:, 300 acres,
3 miles from Oakland, $75 an acre; two-thirds
of purchase price can be borrowed on this
land at 0 per cent Interest. WYMAN LAND
CO., 1137 East Fourteenth st., near Twenty-
' third ave., Oakland ; phone Brook 123. '. j
$1200— NEAR Twenty-third ave. station; 6-
room house; $100 cash, balance $15 a month:
same as rent. WYMAN LAND CO.. 1137
East Fourteenth st., near Twenty-third ave..
. Oakland. -
$400 CASH, $10 monthly— 5-room cottage; 2
acres; artesian well: outbulldlntrs: Immense
shaae trees; profusion of shrubbery: creek
running water the year round; superb soil
and finely sheltered; away : from fogs and
winds; an ldealspot for a home; city water ;
and sewer; streets macadamized; electric cars
front the property : posto'fice, school: churches, \
J stores, etc. ; business center: a rare buy: ad-
joining F.ast Oakland: price, all' told, $2C0O.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st.. op-
posite Broadway Station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. '
$70 PER foot— East of Broadway, overlooking
- the Lake; electric cars pass the property;
convenient to local trains and schools and.
churches; surrounded by beautiful homes; 40
xlOO tt. (note the size).
E: J. STEWART & CO.,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$2250 — NEARLY new and all modern residence.
7 rooms: porcelain bath, etc.: near Telegraph
. ave.: well worth $3500; a snap. ALDEN CO.
1118 Broadway, Oakland. ¦
$350 CASH — Balance $33 20 per month; new 8-
room house; 10 minutes' walk to local. WM
P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
IfOOO — BIG bargain; cozy G-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot water boiler:
Runny side, close to Ban Pablo ave.: street
work all ! done.. Including stone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for quick
eale to box 2378. Call office. 'Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGKS TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms: eiectrlc ser-
Vlce throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; lar&j
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rert
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
ave. electric "cars. < corner Washington and
, - Efgrhtji sts., come within I block. Call or
addreFS 1C59 Ninth ave.. East. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO " LET.'
EIGHTH, 59, . Oakland— 8-room house, fur-
nished or unfurnished; all modern.
OAIOAS1) KUKIVITI'KE FOIl SALE.
An introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MOO.MS Tti 1.KT — Kuril, find Uiuuru.
ASH ave.,- 88 — Large back parlor, $S; also
sunny roon:. $5. . » •
AROTLE Hotel. *m McAllister — New, elegant.
sunny: grill attached; 75c. day upward; rated
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUN SWICK House. 113 Sixth— Rooms.
2*>c to $1 per night; $1 **5 to $5 pec week, and
% light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 410 O'Farrell st. — Neatly furnisned sunny
front rooms, en suite or single.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 13G4)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH,* 727 — Sunny furnished ' room for gentle-
man; gas, bath.
CLAY, 145G— A large sunny front bay-window
furnished room, with running water and
fireplace 1 . - .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
lurnlshed eunny rooms; prices reasonable. . .
EDDY, 303. "corner Jones — Sunny single front
¦ room : clean, well furnished ; phone. . . ¦ -j
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
oSc, $1 50 night: $1 £0. $6 wk.; open all nlght.
EVELYN, £08 Powell— Sunny front suite;
nicely,, furnished; suitable for offices; first
floor; also sunny- singles, $1 f>0 up. »¦
FCLSOM. 820 near Fourth — Furnished ro-jtna !
to let.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant sul'es; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
I GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated
GEARY. 1012, near Van Ness ave. — One nicely j
I furnished room with use of telephone.
GEARY, 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
- rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission —
¦Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
HAYES, 671— Nice front room, with or with-"
out board; private family; terms reasonable. \
HYDE, 133. bet.* Golden Gate and Turk — Nicely !
furnished rooms; running water; grate.
HYDE, 841- — Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; fine location; everything new.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Office or sunny i
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
LARKIN, S01 — Sunny single room, suitable for'
gentleman. §1 month.
MINNA, 260 — 3 sunny rooms; yard; rent reas-
onable. • ' , •
MINNA, 435 — Front' hall room, ' with large
closet. $5 50 with gas, $5 without.
MINNA; ' 43G— Large " sunny"' furnished front
room, .suitable for one or two gentlemen; $7
forl; 5S for 2. <\ .. ,
MINNA, C67. cor. Sth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. •
NEW ARLINGTON. IMS Market— Nicely fur-.
' nlshed rooms; $2 a week up: 35c a day. up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
V offices: elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
C^FARRELL, 1 279— Airy rooms, $1 50. $2. $5
"week^runnlns water-; transient. 50c, $1 day.
PQST. 42<S— Rooms - suitable '• for . 4 Bents;" 7 also
¦ single rooms, $2 up. ,
POWELL, 230. cor. Geary (Edinburgh)— ElT-
- gantly, furnished sunny, suites and singles;
__also handsome front rms., "suitable for offices.
SEVENTEENTH, 3705^"$15T : modern "bay-
wlndow flat, 4 rooms, bath;. water free.. ;
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,-
•near Market — Furnlstied or unfurnished. .
TEHAMAJ 331— Front and back parlor to let.
TENTH.. 153 — Good-sized room; large closet*
¦ 'for 'steady .man;- $0. .. .
TURK. 543— Clean quiet single room, $5 month!
with bath; private. , . .
UOOJiS . KOR HOIISEKEKPCRG.
GEARY. 408— 3 nicely furnished rooms; $20.:
FIFTH, ?.53— 3 Curnlsfced housekeeping/ $12; 3
connecting, 2 beds.:.1>15; also single,. $5 to $7.
MISSION, CC1. near Second— Large front room
'and kitchen, furnished complete for housekpg.
MINNA. 281.; cor. Furnished sunny
front 'rooms, cheao; also housekeeping, com-
1 * plete; ¦ reasonable. , . v^..- . -.rr-
OAK, 11&— 2 sunny rooms, furnished for house-
. range, yard; hot- water; $11.
PAGE.' 28." near/Market — 2 rooms complete for
y housekeeping ;/rent $12; no children preferred.
POST. 1 ' 902— Suite or 3 rooms.'J'.'S; single rooms
' from $7 to $15 . ¦ • .. :^ : .
SECOND. 1 212— Furn. rms.. housekpg. ; » others ;
• clean, respectable; 'reasonable;, no children..
BELL."; The.- 1773 ! Market— Sunny front • room.
¦ with ; kitchen, j gas > range.': ?15; single rm.; $«.
VAN NESS ave.; - 9TI— Newly furnished sunny
- front suite; ; privilege : light Housekeeping;
._¦ phone. •' ¦•.-"'.• - - . >
'NICE.' rooms.'.wlth* board." 30 Liberty" st^
• ; Mission : warm belt.'- near. Valencia, 'between
. Twentieth .and. Twenty-fli »t. ' - . ' :•
ROOMS and board— Private . : family: • brother
.nnd. sister: 'i meals;north of, Sutler, west of
; Mote; terms. "Address A R. I., Sta-
1 : ticn D.vPcstoffice." .'¦•;• ::"¦ - £#, '¦ k 1 .. ¦
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery st.
f 12.500 — Income property: close to water front;
rents $07 50: pays o per cent net. -
$6,000 — California-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenant pays
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$9.250 — Northwest corner Sacramento et. ;
flats. 7 and 8 rooms and bath each:
latest In every way; lot 37:6x57 feet;
rents $75.
$3.500— Jackson, near Larkln; 23x137:6 feet.
$16,000 — Business corner; Western Addition;
rents $127; four tenants: substantial
Improvements; lot 87:6x100 feet.
$2,000 each — Capp St.. near Sixteenth; 2 lots,
23x105 feet each. . ~
$7,750 — Residence, Washington St., near Wal-
nut: 10 rooms and bath; lot 34:4>jx
127:8*4. .: • •
$14.000 — Callfornla-st. residence: 2 stories and
basement: 15 rooms and 2 baths: lot
34:9x137:0 feet; fine view of the city.
$12,500 — Grove 6t.. near Larkin: lot 30x120.
with tine building of store and 2 up-
per floors; rents $45; one block from
City "Hall.
$1.000 — Liberty, near Sanchez; 50x114 feet: a
bargain.
$10,000 — MIsslon-st. Investment: rent $130;
substantial building, stores and rooms
above; lot 50x122:0 feet.
$6,000 — Valencia st. corner Seventeenth; lot
25x100 feet: just, the place for store
and fiats. « 1
$4,500 — Valencia st., between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth; 25x100 f e^ or 2 lots at
same rate. . '
$8.000 — Two-story brick building downtown,
close to Montgomery St.; leased to one
tenant: $50 per month net; will pay
over 6 r>er cent.
$11,500 — Post St., sunny side, near Larkln; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath: rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to
rear street.
$10,000 — Paciflc ave.; modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms, 2 baths: hardwood finish on
main floor.
$7.000— Oak st.. near Market; 2 flats and cot-
tage; rents $53: lot 27:6x120 feet.
$25,000— Mission St.. near Ninth; lot 40x160.
feet; cnVrch building on Mission st.
and 2 dwelling houses on Ninth.
$5.500 — Howard Bt.. between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third ; .substantial resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x
122:6 feet.
$5,250 — Capp st., between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third; 2 modern flats of (J. 7
rooms and bath; lot 20:8x122:6 feet.
$7,500 — Jackson St.. near Maple: modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath;' lot £0x129
feet; must be sold.
$3,150 — No. 3049 Twenty-nrst gt., near Church;
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; large lot, 50 feet front by
114 feet; grand view of the city; a
positive bargain: must be sold.
$7,000 — Lyon St., near Page; modern and
well-built residence, 9 rooms and bath;
renting at present for $52; lot 25x100
feet.
$5,000 — Nineteenth st.; near Valencia: 2-story
frame dwelling of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25xS5 feet; mortgage $1500 can re-
main.
$12,500 — NW corner of Oak st., with store. Hat
and house; pays $100 per month; lot
42:8x68:9 feet; near Market St.; a
snap.
$10,500 — Washington St., N. line, near Stelner;
substantial two-story residence of tt
rooms and bath;,lot 44xld2:S J ,i feet.
$11.250 — McAllister st.; hew building of three
flats; 7 rooms and bath each; rents
' $104; will pay 9 per cent net after
paying all charges and expenses.
$6,000 — Devisadero-6t. flats, near Ellis; pres- ;
ent rents $40; could be largely in-
creased if a little money was spent on
the building; lot 23x90 feet: lot alone
worth price asked for the property.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Mortgomery St.. Mills bldg.
McAFEE BROS., 108 MONTGOMERY ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
Nets nearly 7 per cent; warehouse property,
stone and brick building, on Sansome st., under
'•ase; corner lot; price $18,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
A fine key lot on Spruce et., nr. Washington;
j commands marine view* size 27:8)4x137:6;
price $3500.
! NEW FLATS.
1 3 fine modern flats on Oak et., facing the
Panhandle; 7 rooms and bath each; rent
! $102 50; price $10,250.
MCALLISTER STREET; !
Lot on McAllister St.. nr. Devisadero; 27:6s
137:6; price $3250; fine for flats.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Lot with old building on Shipley St., near
Fifth; only $1450.
NEW FLATS.
In Ashbury Heights, 7 and 9 rooms; all lat-
est modern improvements; rents $60; lot 25x
137:6; price $6000.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms on Bartiett St..
near Twenty-first: rents $42 50: price $5100.
ON VALLEJO STREET.
Vallejo st.. between Webster and Buchanan: ;
splendid modern home, almost new; 9 rooms. 1
bath and basement;' commands a beautiful
marine view: price- $13,600. , . .
PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three new flats. Just completed, of 7 rooms
each: all the very latest Improvements; price
$10,500; all rented tor $98.
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott ft.* between McAllister and
Fulton; 25x106:3; price $2750.
CLAY-STREET FLATS.
New and modern: fine, sunny lot; 6 and 7
rooms; rent $82 50; price $7750; a fine Invest-
ment. ¦ !
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond lots; sold on
terms if desired. Lot on California St.. near
Second ave.. 25x100; only $800.
LOTS ON SIXTH AVENUE.
North of Lake St.. 25x120: $G00 each.
i MODERN HOUSE.
On Vallejo St., near Buchanan: Just put Into
first-class shape; fine sunny lot and marine
view; 7 rooms and basement: price $SO0O.
CLAYTON-ST. HOME.
Modern 8-room house: lot 25x125 feet; price
$5000.
MISSION COTTAGE. _ . V
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots.
LARGE CORNER.
In the Mission; suitable for manufacturing
site; 170x160 feet; 3 frontaees.
McAFEE BROS..
10S Montgomery st-. San Francisco.
j A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market, opp. Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$70,000 — Reduced from f80,000; corner, 75x75
feet; within one- third of a block from
Market st.. and close to Hibernia
Bank; stores and lodging-house; best
investment eft Market st.; must be
sold.
$60,000 — Corner; 4SxS2:6 feet; first corner fac-
ing- Market, st. north; sold for $42,500
20 years aco; want offer.
$40,000— Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net.
$30,000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
fiats; building cost $25,000; lot C8:0x
71 feet; rents $2450 oer year.
McAllister-st. corner; 85x98; good improve- j
ments; rents $220. • ¦
$27,500 — Business corner; best location In
Western Addition: store and flats;
rents ?200.
$16.500 — Panhandle corner; . 2 new buildings ;
rents J142: lot 37x115.
$15,500 — Triree new Ellis-st. flats: 27:6 feet
frontage; yearly rents $1560.
$15,000 — Leavenworth-st. investment: 57 . feet
front; rents $105; always rented.
$13,000— Post st.. near Jones; lot 27x137:6, and
Improvements.
$11,500 — Ellis-Et. corner: stores and flats: three
frontages; lot 37:CxS7:6; rents $95.
$11,000 — Modern fiats; near Hyde and Sutter;
rents $90.
$9500— Rents $103; lot 60x80; downtown in-
vestment.
$4950 — Two modern flats; only half a block
from Market st.: Tents $40; cost nearly
$7500. . * ;
$3600 — Flats, vicinity Third and Howard sts. ;
rents $46 60; mortgage $1700, can re-
meln. .
• '..-.- 'c ¦¦ '
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St. ' .
$1300 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath; lot 416x10.1.
$000— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 50x100; In Sunny-
side.
f5C00— House. 9 rooms, bath; lot 25x73; Pine
Ft., bet. Taylor and Jones. - -
$4250 — 423 Lombard St.; 2 flats; lot 25x90, to
rear street.
$2500 — 2 cottages; 5 rooms, bath each; lot S9x
145. ¦
$2S00~Cor. 28th and Church: lot 34x100.
$5500 — S20 Waller st.; 8 rooms, bath; lot 25
xll2. .
PATTERSON & CO..
— ¦ ¦¦¦' 11 City 'Hall square.
IF you have some iarse Income properties In S
F. to sell I would be pleased to try and sell
them for you Ca» at room 400. 4th floor,
Spreckels Annex building, S. F.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and finished basement; on sunny side of Jer-
sey St., near Noe. ' . " . ¦
$5000— BARGAIN: handsome flats: choice loca-
tion; Mission warm belt. Owner, box 2995.
Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, ltt pages, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
ONE of th« finest vineyards and wineries' in
Napa County. 1% miles from town, consist-
Ing of B4O acres; 75 acres in vines; winery
with most modern equipments; cooperage of
320.000 gals.; also distil. This property cost
over $50,000. and It has been developed from
its own resources. For a good reason it will
be offered for a short time at $30,000.
20 6-10 acres la one of the finest valleys
around the bay; well Improved;, ideal coun-
try borne: owing to death In family property
will be offered at the ¦ sacrifice of $3600
S. S. QUACKENBUSH. >' ,;'.-¦
' 2171 Shattuck ave..
Opp. First National Bank, ; Berkeley.
FOR EALE NEAR SAN ' FRANCISCO —
. Email tracts.*' $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma, Co. : future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is Browing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. "Apply
to The Cotati Co.; 302 California et.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
WANTED— To . get the sale of a large cattle
ranch. What have — ou? Address room 40C,
fourth • floor. Epreckels annex, S. F.
• and Thomas Delury. Mrs. James B. Cham-
bers and the late John M. Delury, a natlv*
of County Kerry. Ireland.
GTThe funeral will take plac* to-4aj
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late res',
dence, 911 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 12:30 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at St.- Patrick's Church Monday.
January 6. at 9 o'clock.
OFFICERS and members of Valley Lodge No.
30. A. O. U. W.. are hereby Invited to at-
tend the funeral of Brother Georee injury.
Assemble at the residence, as above, at 11:30
o'clock. By order of the M. W.
THOMAS H. LORD. Recorder.
DRAYEUR — In thi3 city. January 3, 1902. For-
tune, beloved wife of August C. Drayeur.
mother of Claire Drayeur. daughter of Jean
and Florentine Auger, sister of Constant.
Albert and Almee Auger, and daughter-in-
law of August and Sophie Drayeur. a. nativt
of San Francisco, aged 31 years and d
months. ...
(CTFuneraF to-day (Sunday), at 9 o clock,
from her late residence. 1445 O'Farrell
street, thence to French Church of Notr«
Dame des Victoires. where services will bti
. held, commencing at 0:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
DUCROUX — In Belmont. Cal.. December 11.
1001. Fred Ducroux, beloved son of Jean and
Vlrsinle Ducroux. and brother of August.
Joseph and Mary Ducroux. a native of Port-
land. Or., aged 17 years 6 months and 20
days. »
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral services
Monday. January 6. at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his brother. 1115% Bryant street,
between Ninth and Tenth, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victoires. where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
— Cemetery.
DUNN — In this city. January 4. 15)02 Cather-
ine E. Dunn, beloved daughter of Catherine
Delaney and the late Michael Dunn, and
sister of John. May. Hanna and Michael
Dunn and Andrew Delaney. a native of San
' Francisco, axed 10 years and 10 days. •
C7Remains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street.
ENTZMINGER— In Napa, January 4, 1002,
Lizzie, beloved mother of Lizzie and Emma
Entzminger, and sister of Kate Hess, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 44 years.
E7Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2475
. Mission street, near Twenty-first,
FORCADA— In this city, January 4. 1902, Jo-
seph Forcada, beloved father of Nicholas
and Frank Forcada. and brother of Francis-
co Forcada. a native of Spain, aged 62 year*
and 4 days.
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January C, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors or
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ,- .-„
GILFILLAN— In Philadelphia. Pa.. December
23. 1901. Archibald Forrest Gilflllan. late of
Honolulu, son of the late John F. and Eliza-
beth Gilflllan. a native of Philadelphia, aged
47 years 7 months and 20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
GRAHAM — In this city. January 3. 1902. Ann
Graham, beloved mother of G. W. Payton. a
native of England.
HAGGERTY— In this city.. January 2, 1902,
Mary, dearly beloved daughter of Timothy
and the late Julia Haggerty. and sister of
* John, Margaret and Joseph Haggerty. .a na-
tive of San Francisco.
tE7*The funeral will take pl-ice to-day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Alemany street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for mass. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANLON — In this city. January 4, 1902. Jo-
seph A. Hanlon, beloved son of Mrs. M. J.
Hanlon and the late John Hanlon. and
brother of Mrs. T. Peckham and Frank.
John and Dr. Edward R. Hanlon. a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
C7*Funeral to-day (Sunday), at 1:45
o'clock, from his late residence, 1423 Bush
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
services will be held. Interment private.
HANOVAN— In this city. January 2. 1902.
Bridget Hanovan. a native of Ireland, aged
74 years, f * .
HARRINGTON— In this city. January 3. 1902.
Hanora, dearly beloved mother of Kitty.
, Mary, John and Louise Harrington, a na-
tive of Berehaven, County Cork. Ireland,
aged 49 years and 7 months.
(C7Frlend3 and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1C3 Perry street, between Harri-
son and Bryant. Third and Fourth, thence
to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
HART— In this city, January 3. 1902, John,
beloved brother of William. George and
Alexander and the late Robert Hart, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 4
months and IS days.
tC3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 11JV Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem high mass wilt be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LINN — In thl3 city, January 4. 1902, Mrs.
Nancy Linn, aunt of Mrs. Alfred Bennett.
Mrs. James Quick. T. W. Kelly of Santa
Cruz. J. M. Kelly of Napa and J. F. Kelly,
a native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
IE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reposa of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
LINDER — In this city. January 4. 1902. Phil-
lip Jr.. dearly beloved husband of Emma
Linder (nee Kammerer), father of Phillip E.
Llnder. and eldest son of PhiHlD Llnder of
New VYork. a native of New York, aged 31
years and 9 months. (New York papers
please copy.)
(tryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-moFrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 623 Hyde street, between Geary and
Post. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LINDSKOG— In this city. January 1, 1902. H.
G. Maurice, beloved husband of Louise \V.
Lindskog. and father of Otto. Hermion. Roy
and Allan Lindskog, a. native of Stockholm.
Sweden, aged 61 yeant 4 months and ll>
days.
(CTFriencIs and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of the California Undertakinsr Com-
pany. 405 Powell street, near Post. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McLEAN— In this city. January 4, 1902. at his
residence. 1021 O'Farrell street. Joseph R..
.beloved husband of Hattle A. McLean, and
devoted father of May McLean, a native of
Prince Edwards Island. Canada, axed &2
years and 27 days.
MITCHELL — In the City and County Hospital.
January 4, 1902, David Mitchell, a native of
England, aged 39 years.
MORRISON— In Los Angeles, Cal.. January 3,
1002. Walter C. Morrison, a native of In-
diana, aged 46 years.
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 706 South Third street, San Jose. In-
terment private.
O'BRIEN — In this city. January 3. 1902. Chris-
topher J.. beloved husband of -Nellie V.
O'Brien, and brother of Mrs. William Bowes.
Mra. Lawrence Murphy and the late Mrs.
Mary T. Kentzell, and son-in-law of James
II. and Ellen Rlley. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years and 11 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mla-
h Ion Btreet. thence to St. Rose' s Church for
services nt 10:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crrs* Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In Mlddleport. N. T.. December 21.
- 1901. Lawrence O'Neill, brother of Felix. Ed-
ward. Frank and Mary O'Neill, a native of
Massachusetts.
PARCELLS — In Oakland. January 4. 1002.
Charles- B.. beloved husband ot Anna L.
Parcells,' and father of Franklin M. and
Charles E. Parcells. a native of New Jersey,
aged 04 years 10 months and 18 days.
"TFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Tuesday afternoon.
January 7. at 2 o'clock, at his late resi-
Continued on Page Thirty-Five.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
- (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAK, Msr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
.Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
j§S$j$ "BAN BRUNO HILLS.
CFF.CE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
~~ REMOVED!
MCGINN BROS..,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMERS.
1 to 222 and 22C McAllister street. (Formerly of
; 31 Eddy street. Tel. South 252.)
UNITED^UNDERTAKERS^
I 27 *fM* >9 Fifth St. Tel. South 187 1
rUNERAL Dl HECTORS AND CMBALMERS.I
I T\nm%t Equlpmitt stt Mod*r»t» ' H^f tTl
I JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros..' has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. b«t.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 67*.
-
NEW FlttAl O*» Ui^DgitTAKBRS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O* Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
. and Eighth. ¦ Telephone South 44. ¦.: WHEAT--r-Llverpool futures and cargoes' were
weak..* Paris ¦ futures stood about the same.':' :
; r Thls^i market ' was" ' ijulet i arid 7no"t '.'materially
Wheat ¦• and-. Other Grains.
.The America x Maru_took out a treasure list
of $118,942. 'consisting" of $727 1 In Mexican dol
lars,. $145 In gold, coin, 5 $115,800 in silver, bul
lion, and! $2270 in Chilean . silver. : , •
Sterling Exchange,60 days.*....";"— • $4 84%
Sterling; Exchange, sight....... _ . 4 87H
Sterling Cables >.:..... y :..: '... — 4 88Vj
New York Exchange, ' sight. . . , . — -. 02%
New .York Exchange, telegraph. — . . ; 05
Sllver,:per ounce. .............. _ , ..66%
Mexican -Dollars, nominal...... .44%. @j46 s
Exchange , and. Bullion.
'-. .The Orange market ' Is at - present' : in good
Shape. s ... Large ] sizes 'are' scarce and flrm 'at
the I advance I noted. 5 Medium sizes meet with
pood i sale. ' but the smaller sizes are weak ' and i
plentiful.. Two cars, are expected*- for the-auc
tion Monaay. : There is ; not much demand for
LemOhs.- and . they are lower. ,.¦¦; .¦¦¦,.-•¦ •>
Apples are' moving better. Cheap and wormy
stock is almost cleaned up and the demand for
better-grades 'is more- brisk, •.-•--v-.r .-•;•• .- .
Good ¦ Winter <Nellis Pears flrid ready sale at
good prices, . but poorer grades are • dragging.
. J'.;.. DECIDUOUS: FRUITS. .:
APPLES— $1 • 50@l 75 , per box j for' extra.; 75c
©$1 25 for good to choice and 25@COc for ordi
nary; Lady 'Apples.. ;75c@Sl. 50. • ,,- . , J ¦ :-^V
¦ PEARS — Winter kinds. 75c@$2 60 per box. • '
' PERSIMMONS — 50@65c per box. ..
; CRANBERRIES-^Coos.Bay,'$2 60 per box. v '%
I i CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 1 75c@$l 25
for standards ,*. $1 25@2 . for , choice ' and $2 25
@2 75 : for . fancy ; • Seedlings, 50c@?l ; . Tanger
ines."'$1 25@1 60; Japanese -Mandarins. "" 75c@
$1; iLtembns, 50c@$l for common and.$l@l 75
for good to" choice,, -«nd , ?2®2 60 for /ftney;-
Deciduous and ' Citrus* Fruits.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet. No. 7 invoice, 7c;
mild, quiet; Cordova. 7%@llc. Futures opened
steady, and - unchanged - in ' price to 5 points
higher,, and closed steady, net unchanged , to a
decline of 6 points.' Sales, 18,250 bags, lnclud-
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice r 1901
crop.*;ll@ ; 15> / 6c; Pacific Coast, 1901 crop, : 11®
15c. .• -•-•¦ •" m . •" . ¦•¦¦¦'.¦'," ¦•¦: • -¦ '¦
HIDES— Steady. California, 19%c; Texas
dry,.13%c. -
WOOL — Dull. Domestic fleece, 25®26c:
Texas, 16@17c. '¦ / .-. .¦• ¦--.. .
NEW, YORK, Jan. .A.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,032 barrels; exports, 3330 barrels; very firm,
but still too high for much. business outside of
the usual Jobbing lines. Winter patents. $3 75
@4; - winter straights, $3 50@3 65; Minnesota
patents, $3 85@4 15; winter extras,- $2 90@3 20;
Minnesota bakers, $2 »5@3 35; winter low
grades, $2 7002 80. v ¦. :¦
WHEAT — Receipts, 5650 bushels; spot, firm.
No. 2 red, 89%o f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,S7%c
elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 88'^c f. o. ;b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 05%cf. o.-b.. afloat.
Options were active and stronger on better ca
bles than expected and a vigorous demand from
the Southwest, j Local ( traders ; having • oversold
yeeterday.were forced . by • these conditions and
the cold wave west io cover , freely. < Closed
flrm at %@%c net advance. March, 88Vi@8894c
closed 88%c; May. - 87 7-16@88c, . closed 87%c ;
July. ¦ 87,6-16@87%c, closed 87%c. ; v ',-:• v •
LONDON.^ Jan. 4; r -Consols, , - 94*54 ; silver,
25 15-16d; French rentes,^ lOOf 40c; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes Walla Walla."
29S'6d. '• - ' ;;¦'•¦• ¦ -• : ~
LIVERPOOL.- Jan.-4.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, no stock; wheat In Paris
steady: flour in Paris, steady; weather In Eng
land., cloudy. '•- V . • " ¦.
¦• COTTON — Uplands,- 4 7-16d. , '¦: '. .
Foreign Markets.
: . . SATURDAY, Jan. 4-^12 m.
- . -Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha...!. ..;• .01 ...02 Justice....... 08 07
Alta ..:..... J 05. 08 Kentuck '.:.". :'/:—' 02
Andes*;..:... 01 02 Lady Wash;.' 01 —
Belcher . 10 12 Mexican*..;..- 37 38
Best & Bel...' 12;. ,14 Occideptal ;•.. 07^ 08
Bullion ...... -02 •%, 03 Ophir -..-.'.•.;. 90" -81
Caledonia ". . ; 21 ., . 23 Overman . . . .: 09^ ". 10
Challenge ;..- 13 15 Potosl,..::;..- 10. .12
Chollar....... 06 07 Savage ...... 05 .06
Confidence • '. . .62 .'., 60 Scorpion ...... — > 04
C C * Va.".,.l 651 70 Seg' Belcher.. 03. 04
Con' Imperial. — > 02 Sierra Nev... '22 33
Con NvY...:. ' 0l:"— 1 Silver HHI... 48 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
300 Best & Bel..: -12 200 Ophir .'...... 86
500 Best& Bel. . 12ft -.100 Ophir".'. *. 90
1150 Best & Bel.. V 13 200 Potosi ...... .12
¦ 500 C C &.Vai.l 67% 1400 Potosi ;V 11
200 C C & Va.%.'.l 70 500 Sierra. Nev.. „¦ 22
'800 Crown Point. 09 ,300 Sierra Nev... 21
800 Goutd & Cur. ; 07, 200 Sierra Nev... '23
.200 Mexican ..... 35 200. Union Con... 18
,200 Mexican..... 36 - , .
'"•The" followlne "were the ' sales In. the Pacific
Stock 'Board yesterday:. ¦ . •; • '.: ,'>;i --¦
Morning Session.
100 Best &• Bel.; 12 100 Mexican'..... 36
200 Caledonia ... 21 200 Ophir 86
200 Chollar ....... 07 600 Potosl .- 11
200 C C & Va....l 65 200 Sierra Nev... 21
600 Gould & Cur. 07 100 Silver Hill... 45
200 Mexican '..... 35 . 200 .Union Con. . . 18
Morning Session
'.The following were the sales ln the San :Fran
ci'sco Stock and -Exchange Board 'yesterday:
MINING" STOCKS
Portland's. Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. • 4.— Clearings, $354,329;
balances, $36,091. • ;.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— To-day's treasury
Btatement' shows:' Available " cash • balance,
$172,332,102; gold, $112, 76B.204. . ; •
Dealers i are marking down : prices of Eggs
With, a vengeance.:- The annual .'selling, fever,
common ¦ at this , time • of thS ¦ -year. = seems to
have started? in in earnest. The trade do not
want to get. caught .with large lines on their
handu, and are letting go right and left, though
stocks continue small. Receipts, however, re
main about tho same. -'. ""¦ -¦ •: - -. . v, '
Butter . and Cheese •, remain about as before.
Stocks of the former are moderate, and of the
Receipts were 28,200 pounds of Butter, — —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 601 cases of Eggs,
I cases : of '' Eastern - Eggs, 2200 pounds cf
California" Cheese and'- — -pounds, of. Oregon
Cheese.' ":",:-/• '¦¦'." ¦ „ •'*¦:? .- : , /
• - BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c : per lb for
fancy i and 20@23c . f or . seconds ; dairy, 17 % @
22c; store ' Butter, 1 14@17c per . lb; .-• Creamery
Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; • Keg, 16@18c
P6 CHEESE — New, j11U@12c; 6ld;> l6@ii c ;
Young America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@10c.
¦ EGGS — Ranch, 31c for selected large, "150o for
good to choice and 28@29c for fair; store, 24@
26c per ! dozen; cold storage, - 20@25o; Eastern,
20®26c. ¦ - -i r ;J • ¦ '¦ ¦¦-.-. -v ' ¦' v .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Sales of stocks and bonds oh the Bond Ex
change in 1901 were as follows, compared with
1900: Of; stocks, 882,117 shares, against 898,
280; of bonds, $6,805,420, against $3,742,970.
Sales on' the Oil Exchange last week- were
61,190 shares, . valued at .$26,982, the leading
sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 1000 shares;
California Standard, 31.060;- Four, 10,400; Su
perior, 1100*. Oil City, 1200; Occidental. 8350;
Lion, 3700; Monarch, 4500. -
.-For. Saturday business was very good on the
Bond -Exchange, but fluctuations were narrow.'
Gas and Electric was weak at $40 50@40 25,
and Spring Valley.- Water lower, at . $85 50.
There was no particular change in* the oil
stocks.' j- ¦¦¦¦ . : -. ¦' •
companies. A number of low priced industrials
developed ttrength during . the day, especially
the producers of railroad equipment, fit." Paul
&<2v£inced on its increased earnings for the
fourth week in December. The announcement
that this company would discontinue state
ments of weekly earnings gave rise to some
doubts among speculators over ths railroad
outlook. The market closed generally easy,
but with some slight recoveries from the low
eft.
The activity and strength of Stocks this
week has reflected a hopeful end confident
epirft>over the outlook for the new, year. The
J'*ar-*n<! etrinccacy cf the money market has
•** n ignored in the confidence that a few days
»-oul<3 eee a .relaxation ef money rates with a
r«urn to the channels of the money market
<* van rfesourcr-s through the unprecedented
o.pour.sfment's on act-ount of interest and dlvi
<«rMs, and of the currency -which has • been
¦n active circulation to accommodate the needs
'.'- ™* creat holiday trade, the %'olume of which
s:»f t;**n an index of the great prosperity which
ir.<- country enjoys. The conviction has long
wen |n-<r,-aJpnt that the January relaxation of
jV'-^y rat<>e would bring a rise 1n stocks, and
"• baying of last ewek anJ this hae repre
ti F 8 <; " c rt W anticipate the January rise,
i litre has been little evidence of what Wall
"«'t c-iilK ov-trid» lntercjrt In the market,.
"•,." r ! lnB the rank, and Ma of speculators the
r,r '—"7 rver - T1 V oi/fraticn* bear the ctamp
« Mfislcrai traders of larsc meanf! Joined ln
'ir^« e Vyndlcatcs ancf cf bankers and
io i , an " :al Interest*-. The movement seems
«*«£. "fsfefl [on gfnpral considerations of'con
nro"rTn. the F '* l >Mty of values, the sustained
«nUburau£z*XF lhe '-'"•Wtry and a prospecUve
tLtir £1 of (a l )ll » | S invest in securities at
«*tr "^^ t-sh level at valuations. The
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The disappointment
over the weekly bank statement to-day made
it difficult -for the Etock market to make head
way against the selling to take profits, a good
part cf the gains were wiped out after the
statement "appeared end some of the weak
Ftocks fell a point or more below last night.
Realizing was in evidence from the outset
among the coalers and some others, but the
heavy absorption of the United States Steel
etocks end a rife In Amalgamated Copper
gave Kome tone to the market. Copper
promptly relapsed and selling also met the ad
vance in the United States Steel stocks. The
rlee in the copj>er stock was based on the re
ported dissolution cf an injunction against the
payment of di\iden<5s by one of its subsidiary
New York Stock Market
TACOMA, Jan. 4.— Wheat quiet. Bluestem.
63c; club; 62c. . ; '.
WASHINGTON,
OREGON.
, PORTLAND, Jan. ' 4.— Wheat flrm and
higher. Walla" Walla, 62@63c; valley/ C3c;
bluestem, 64c. ¦ ' ; ¦¦ , * ¦¦*
Cleared— British steamer * Strathgyie, for
Hongkong, with 29,852 barrels of flour; British
ship Ilola, for Queenstown, with, 72, 619 bushels
of wheat. ' K • •-' ¦ ¦¦'¦-¦' ¦ >.• • ¦
Northern Wheat Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London . financial 'cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was fairly brisk and
cheerful, especially Kaffirs on South African
Boer captures. ' Consols were \ strong on the
cxpectaion that next . Monday's distribution of
£5,000,000 Government dividends will enable
the market- to- repay its indebtedness to the
Bank of England. Heavy" Government war
disbursements are expected,.
Americans ! were inanimate with the excep
tion of United States Steel, which New York
and the Continent bought upon an expectation
of a good report for the quarter ¦ ending; with
December. - •
Silver is heavy on New York sales and lower
¦prices in India. ¦ . ;
LONDON, Jan. 4. — HOPS — Pacific Coast,
steady, £3 3s#£3 6s.;..' ¦
London Market.
• ?:S;^. Receipts; of Produce. ' ,'.¦
FOR SATURDAY, JANUARY 4. ' -' '
Flour, qr sks... 48,574 Brandy, gals... ¦ 6,800
•Wheat, ctls. . W 1S4,S58 Qulcksil. flska.; 7g
Barley, ctls. . . . . 5S.350 Straw, tons.; . . . • ¦ 4j)
Corn, ctls. 883 Hay, tons...... 818
Sugar, ctls....". 2,808 Broomcbrn,-bdls 62
Beans,, sks .' 831 Middlings. -sks.. 693
Chicory,- bbls:.._- . 30 Bran, sks 8.852
Pelts, bdls 132 Potatoes, sks.... 2,630
Hides. No. .:.... 305 Onions, sks; .... 48
Leather, rollsi;. 40 Lime, bbls....;. 182
Wine, gals.. ;... 22;400 • ¦••¦>..-.
OREGON. '.
Oats. ctls....... \ 630
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 28; inarket, steady. .. _.
HOGS — Receipts, 3200 ; . steady. Medium and
heavy. $6@6 70; light and light mixed $5 75
@6 45; pigs,_$3 60@5. •
SHEEP — Receipts, none.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
good .to prime, $6 50@7 60; poor to. medium,
$4@6 25; stockers and feeders, $2@4 50; cows,
II 25@4 75; heifers, $2 60@5 25; canners,
$1 25@2 30;. bulls. $1 75@4 75; calves, $3©
6 75; Texas fed steers, . $3@5. : - .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, . 22.000 ;. Monday, 39,
000; left over, .8000; opened* steady; . closed
weak. Mixed and butchers', $6@6 65; good to
choice heavy. $6 85@6 65; rough heavy, $C@
6 25; light. $6 75@6 30; bulk of sales, $6 10®
6 35.
- SHEEP — Receipts. 2000; sheep and lambs
steady. -. Good tp choice wethers, $4 25©5; fair
to choice mixed, $3 50@4 25; "Western sheep,
fed, $4 25@4 85; native lambs, $3 5006 25;
Western lambs, $5@5 90. ' --
Eastern Livestock Market.
Poultry and Game.' *
Receipts of local Poultry, were, light yester
day, as Is- usual on Saturday, and . the .market
cleaned up easily. ¦ '.There was not much In
quiry for Dressed, Turkeys. .._- Receipts-,- were
twenty-eight ' cases and the quotation remains
as before. Thera will be two cars , of t Eastern
. Poultry on > the market :, to- morrow, '; one- , of
which arrived yesterday, making eight cars
for the week. .- t . ¦
Receipts of i Game were 110 • sacks. There
was little change in prices.
POULTRY — Dressed . Turkeys, : 14® 16c;
Live Turkeys, 12%@13%o for Gobblers and 13
@14c ¦ for • Hens; ' Geese, per pair. $1 50<8>l 75 ;
Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks, $4 50® 5 for old and
$6@7 for young; Hens, $4 60@5 50; young
Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
$4(34 60; Broilers, ¦ $4@5 for large and $3@3 60
for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 per. dozen for
old and $l-75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, -$1; Hare. $1@
1 23; Rabbits, $1 25@1 60 for Cottontails and
$1 for Brush; Mallard, $3@3 60; Canvasback,
h@ii :. Sprig.- n o 76®2; Teal. $1 25@1 50;
Widgeon, $1 25; Small- Ducks. $1 25; Black
Jack, $1@1 25; English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe.
$1 60; Gray Geese, $3@8 60; : White Geese,
$1 60; Brant, $1 60@2 per dozen; Honkers, $3
@4 50.- . - ' ' ¦-
The pressure has fallen eiowly over Califor
nia and Nevada, and has risen over Washington
and Northern Oregon. The weather has been
generally clear, except in the San- Joaquin Val
ley, where foggy weather prevails.
Abnormally high- temperatures are reported
along the coast from Point Conception to San
Forecast rsade at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 5. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday ; fresh easterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday; light
northerly winds, changing to nouthwest.
Wind ~~ C1 ° Ufiy SandaJ " ; 1! * ht northerly
' — f VI Fr | ncl ? co and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
l^^ 8ur^ y ' WIlh f0 * ln the morning; light
northerly winds changing to fresh eoutheast.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
' Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANT> GENERAL.
NEW YORK, Jan. '4.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices 3 to 6 points lower
and closed firm,- net 2 -to 9 points higher. -
New York Cotton Market.
NEW, YORK, Jan.: 4.— The copper situation
was still unsettled, , but quotations were ruling
at ' yesterday' s figures and : sales i were being
made at ' that. Lake Superior was quoted at
12% and electrolytic at . 12c and casting- ¦ at
ll%c. -
Tin' was weak in tone, but not quotably
lower, spot being quoted at $22 75@23 30.
Lead was dull and unchanged at $4, as was
spelter at $4 30.
Iron. was very quiet at $10 50@ll 50 for pig
iron warrants. No. 1 Northern foundry $15 60
@16; No.. 2 Northern -foundry, $15@15'60; No.
1 Southern foundry, $15 50@16; No. 1 Southern
foundry, soft, $15@17. " • ¦
As usual on Saturday there were no cable
advices from abroad. * " .
New York Metal Market*
POTATOES-^-85c@$l 10 for " Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60;'- Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; River Reds, $1 50®
160; Early Rose, for seed, $1 15@1 25; Sweets,
25@90c for Merced. '¦¦•••'•• • -• ¦ .
ONIONS— $1 C5@l 85 per ctl; Oregbns, $1 60
@1 90. , " - V '. . : •
. ..VEGETABLES— Green Peas from* Los- An
geles, 2@5c; String Beans from Los- 'Angeles,
7@10c; Cabbage, 40@50c per." ctl; Los" Angeles
Tomatoes, . $1@1 60 per box and;$l@l 75 per
crate; Dried Peppers.- 9@12%o per ib; Los An
geles do, 15@17%c;> Dried: Okra. 12%@15c per
lb; Carrots,' 35@50c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@
75c; hothouse do, 50c@$l'75 per dozen; Garlio,
1^4i@2 1 /4c; Los Angeles Green" Peppers, ~8@10c;
Egg Plant from Lo» Angeles, 15@18oj
Summer Squash, from Los. Angeles, .$1 25®
1 60; Marrowfat Squash, $5@8 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $5@8; Mushrooms, . nominal.
Peas and Beans -are plentiful and the.-mar
ket continues weak. ; Other vegetables from
Los Anseles are doing well. •-. .'•¦;•-
• Receipts of 'Potatoes were light and thert Is
a good local demand for sound stock. ; The re
cent arrivals from Oregon per steamer were
not in the best condition and did not clean
up. Two cars came in from Lompoc. 1 Onions
remain as before quoted. ; - The last lot re
ceived from Oregon, like .the Potatoes, were
not strictly fancy. There, are no good Sweet
Potatoes in the market, but some which hare
been stored in the country -. are expected to
morrow. .... ' • . . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c;- Pearl Oil.- in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 24c: Elaine, '25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove. Gasoline, m bulk. 15c* in
case3=21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases,
20%c; 86-degree . Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases. 26%c. : ' " ".-. : * ¦'¦¦ -¦¦¦
TURPENTINE^-58%o per gallon in cases
and 62c In drums and iron . barrels.
•-SUGAR — The Western - Sugar ; Refining Com
pany-quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 0.03c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy-- Granulated, 4.90c;
Dry Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c*
Fruit Granulated, 4. SOc;' Beet Granulated. (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A^ 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels 10c
more; half -barrels. - 25o: more; boxes.; 50c more
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c:.boxes, 5.55c per lb.
OILS-r-Callfornia Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels? boiled,
67c; -raw, 65c; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. 'in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, . barrels, 85c; cases. 90c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, > barrels, 63%o for • Ceylon and 68%c for
Australian. ' •- • • ¦ ¦ -- . ¦¦-
.-COAL — Wellington,- $9 per- ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Cooa
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $8 50; co-operative Walls
end, $8 60; Cumberland." $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15:
Cannel.-$11 per' ton; -Coke; $15 per ton -in bulk
and S17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $8 45 per. 2000 lbs and $8. SO per ton, ac
cording to brand. ¦ .- : - - - ¦ >
GRAIN • BAGS— Calcutta Grain . Bags, 7c : lo
cal make, lie less -than. Calcuttas; Wool, Bags,
32@35c: Fleece Twine. -
General Merchandise.
• rt". — • Liverpool; ' . >'
Wheats— ¦ • March. May.
Opening ........'... 6 3%- 6 8%
Closing .....:...... 6 3% 6 8%
PARIS. " ¦'¦•'.. ' - '
.'Wheat— / ':;"; Jan.. Man- June.
Opening 21 80 22 75
Closing.. ...:.;....... 21 80 '-. ,22 75
Flour— ¦' .: '¦''•'.¦.
Opening;. 27 50; .. 28 60
Closing. 27 60. 28 60
Beans continue quiet at unchanged, prices.
The shipping' demand has not yet materialized.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30@2 40; Small White,
$2 76@3 15; Large Whlte,?2 80@3;-Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink, $1 80@2 10; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye,
$3 50®3 60; Llmas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 50®3 75 per ctl. - " : • .'¦
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40®2 60;. Canary.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa.- from- Utah,
8%c; Rape,;l%@l%c; Hemp,. 3%c per;lb.. [
. DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25@1 65; j Green,
$1 25@1 50 per ctl. • . -...-. k. . ,.-
Beans and Seeds.
Loans were increased : $11,586,467, probably
representing joperations Incident to preparations
for .coupon . and interest payments. Deposits
were augmented $15,334,300, which amount
very nearly agrees with the total gain of loans
and of cash. .The surplus reserve was reduced
$375,775. This item now stands at $7,715,575
against $14,150,075 at this time last year. The
statement was doubtless made on rising "aver
ages for cash. The heaviest payments into the
banks by the treasury were in the early part
of the bank week, and the offsets resulting from
the above noted operations of this office were
distributed throughout the week.. The larger
banks were among the heaviest lenders of
money after the middle of the week, indicating
increased supplies of cash. Notwithstanding the
6ome.what unfavorable character of the banks'
exhibit as regards surplus, the condition of the
money market may be expected to grow more
normal during the current week. -•
• NEW YORK. Jan. 4. — The statement of- the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans, $869,546,600; increase, $11,586,
400. Deposits, $026,204,100; Increase, $15,334,
300. Circulation, $31,874,200; increase, $18,100.
Legal tenders. $54,257,800; Increase, $2,267,200.
Specie, $164,808,800; increase, $1,190.600.j Re
serves, -$239.066.600: . increase.. $3,457,800. /He
serve required, $231,651,025; Increase, $3,833,
675. Surplus, $7,515,575; decrease, $375,775.
The Financier says: The movements of; cash
this week, so far as they affected bank condi
tions, are estimated to have resulted in a gain
to these institutions of $8,622,000. This in
crease was partly due to the heavy disburse
ments of $3,155,000 by the sub- treasury - for
unmatured bonds, which were bought early in
the bank week, and largely to a return 'move
ment of $7,250,000 net from j nearby interior
points, much- of which money was that which
had been withdrawn previous . to the holidays
for expenditure during the festive season.' and
was returned through the customary channels
of trade. The most important offset to the
gain last week was $2,528,700. which resulted
from the fiscal operations of the sub-treasury,
and also from the payments by ' New York
banks, for themselves and for their correspond
ents, of lawful money for the purpose of , re
tiring bank note circulation. " Gains . In cash
cf magnitude, it may be noted, are usual at
the beginning of ¦ the year, not only f rpm in
ternal sources, but from the distribution of
dividends and Interest incident to this period.
Last year, for example, the bank statement of
January 5- showed a
gain in cash of $6,800,000, compared with the
last week in the previous year, and the increases
In cash were each week thereafter during Jan
uary — $11,900,000 January 12, $14),000,000 Janu
ary 19 and $7,400,000 January 26. Influences
now operating, however, may tend to make, the
weekly gain of cash by the banks less impor
tant than in the previous year, but that there
will continue to be more or less of an Increase
in cash seems highly probable. The bank state
ment falls to 'show the above estimated grain,
the increase in cash being only $3,457,800. This
discrepancy of more than $5,000,000 between the
estimated and the acual gain . cannot be ac
counted for except upon the supposition that it
resulted from the average system. . . .
Associated Banks' Statement.
Morning Session.
Board —
3000 California-Standard (cash)........ 33
' 200 Home i.. 340
100 Junction 22
200 Junction 20
400 Monarch of Arizona. ............. 21
1000 Monarch of Arizona. ............. 22
100 Peerless ". 6 00
100 Petroleum Center 04
300 Reed Crude 35
Street —
1000 Occidental of W. Va. b 30. ........ 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGJE.
PORK— Live Hogs. from. 150 to 250' lbs. 6c;
under .150 lbs. B%@5%C; sows 20 -per cent off;
boars.' 30 per cent off, and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
LAMB— 9<§9%e per i Ibv
¦ ¦ BEEF— =-7%@8c for Steers and 6%@7c per
lb for Cows. • • . ' - - - ¦ . - . . ...•"•
VEAL — Large. 7@8%c; small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers.- ¦8@8%c; Ewes, 7%©8o
per lb. '. ¦¦-¦¦ \ .-. ¦ .
¦ No further chango In quotations is reported.
Supplies of all ' descriptions i about balance the
demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : • ¦ . . -
S&n Francisco Meat Market.
: Articles — ¦ • .. Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ 63 000 . '-.... 3-S.OOO
¦Wheat, bushels 89.000 ...... 61,000
Corn, bushels 242,000 10«,000
Oats, bUPhtls. ........... i243,000 .- 17,000
Rye, bushels.:. ':".'. 14,000 9,000
Barley, bushels ...i 40,000 '-¦¦¦ 30,000
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported 'from Eastern stations :
Boston ...... '. 3O-20; Omaha 24-10
Cincinnati 24-16'Duluth .16-02
Philadelphia 32-24 Fait Lake City 3S-2C
Ken- York ...... .32-3 %'. Chicago ~20-16
Kansas City 24-WlEt. Louis 24-16
Jacksonville 70-4 1! Waehbigton 34-18
Eureka, 0.00 15.81 26.12
Red Bluff O.OO 10.S6 12.51
Eacrtmento 0.02 6.33 '8.68
£an Francisco 0.00 6.94 8.52
Fresno 0.00 3.25 5.73
Independence 0.00 1.84 2.90
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.66 13.20
Los Angeles 0.00 3.46 6.79
San Diego 0.00 0.77 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2: minimum, 45; mean, 48. - :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
O20tn Meriflian — Pacific Time.)
EAS FRANCISCO, Jan. 4, 1902-=5 p. m.
Weather Report.
• Hay, and feedstuffs maintain their advance.
Hay- being especially firm. Unless. rain comes
shortly a further advance is not unlikely. - As
it is, some descriptions show, a further slight
Improvement. .¦-¦-¦ - ' ¦ '¦ .-. : - .- ' ;
. BRAN— $17 50@18 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $ia@20 50 per ton. 5 ¦¦',
'." FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Baripy, ¦" $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at • the mill, $27@28; :job
bing, -S28 50<g>29; Cocoanat Cake, ' ?20@21-, Corn
Meal, $31@3l50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $16@17. - • , . : '•" •
HAT— Wheat.- $9@11 60; fancy/ $12@12 50;
Wheat and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $8@11; -Barley
and Oat. $8@10; Alfalfa, $8^)10; Clover,$6 60
@7 50; Volunteer, $6@8 50; Stock, $6@7 50 per
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. - '
Hay and- Feedstuff s.
Flour, slow; winter patents, $3 70@3 90;
straights, $3 30@3 70; clears, $3@3 40; spring
specials, $4 30; patents, (3 50@3 80; No. 2
spring wheat, 79@80%c; No. 3 spring, 76®
79%c; No. 2 red, 85%®88c; No. 2 oats, 47%@
47%c; No. 2 white, 49 %c; No. 3 white, 48@49o;
No. 2 rye, 67%c; fair to choice malting barley,
59@62c; No. 1 flax seed,. $1 60; No. 1 North 7
western, $1 65; prime timothy seed, ; $6 55;
mess pork, per barrel, $16 95@17; • lard, per
100 pounds, $9 90@9 92%; - short ribs, sides
(loose), $8 5O@8 60; dry salted , shoulders
(boxed), • 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 90@9; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 82;
clover, contract grade, $9 75. . : .
Cash quotations were as follows :
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin, 6®8c; Ean.Joa
quin Lambs', 7%@8%c; : Middle County, 8@10c
per pound. . . . ¦ . . -
HOPS — 03110c for fair and ll@12c^ per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. • '. ¦ ' ,
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under . quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. lCc; llght^ 9%c; Cow
Hides.. 9%o: for heavy ' and 9@9%c " for light;
Stags.' 7c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted' Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, 16%c:' Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, ,15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; Short
Wool, -' 40@60c each; medium. 60@83c; long
Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 CO
@2-75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75
for> small and 50c for Colts;! Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium. SI 25
for small and 50c for -Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, .35c: fall or- medium skins.
30c ; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, '75c; large and' smooth. 80c;
medium, 35c. ¦ • ' , . --. . ¦
TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered. 5%®6e per lb;
No. 2,'4%@5c; grease, 3c.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount . to the - trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7;.' Corn Meal, (3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25 ; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. - - '
FLOUR— California ¦ Family Extras, f3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' -Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family -and $3®
8 25 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 25.' ¦ - ¦•- - '• ' : - ,-•,';-•• -¦ '•:
Articles — Open High Low Close
Wheat No. 2 — -
.January '...'. ; 78% ' 79' • • . 78 ' .79
May*.. ...... K2% . .83% 82% S3%
July. ... "82%. .; V 82%-- 82% 62%
Corn No. 2 — • ¦
January .... 04% : ..... .... - 64%
May 07% ' 67% 67 ' 07%
July ........ 66% .,.'.' 66% 66% 60%
Oats No. 2— '
May..' .46% 46% 46%: 46%
July ........ 39% 40% 39% -'40
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January ... .16 95 17 00 . 16 95 16 95
May .:.:.. ..17 35 - 17 42% 17 32% 17 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds — .
January ....9 92% 9 95 9 87% 9 00
May ........ 9 95 10 00 9 92% 9 97%
'• Short Ribs;' ner 100 pounds-
January '. . .¦ .... .... ' '8 65
May ........ 8 82% 8 85 8 80 8 82%
"Dates were steady, with a fair demand for
Khadrawi end Sair at quotations. Peaches
and aprlcote ¦were steady, but very quiet.
Fancy apples were wanted, some very fancy
£tate pack 6elling up to 13c. Nuts were dull."
-* ¦
"Prices on seeded ' raisins were withdrawn
all the week by the combine. Loose were
cffere4 at the basis of the last advance, but
two-crown were hard to get. New prices on
eeeded are expected this week and Intimations
are that they will show another advance of
%c or more. Prunes were firmer from a basis
of 3J4@3%c, f. o. b. coast, for Santa Claras,
with other varieties offered at %c less. Ore
rons were firmer also, holders on the coast
generally asking a 2%c basis, an advance of
Ic within the past month or to.
"There was a very limited trade last -week
in dried fruits, but spot crocks were light and
the market showed a firm tone In practically
all lines. Currants were somewhat unsettled
In the early part of the week, but at the cIom
•were rather lirmer from 5%@5%c for Amallas
on the spot, some asking up 10 &%c. Goods to
arrive per Miramar, which on Saturday was
eeveral days overdue, were quoted from S%@
5%c. Demand for currants was very light.
Mail reports from New Tor* eayc
Dried Fruit in New York.
The leading futures ranged as. follows:
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
were $26,034,479, apainst $19,305,044 during
the same week last year
practical consummation of the conversion of
Northern Pacific preferred stock intb common
Btock, which was an essential to the plan of
organization of the Northern Securities Com
pany, has been an -element of strength for
stocks. The adjustment of hostilities which
6eem to be still latent in the transcontinental
railroad • situation was felt to be i dependent
on the success of this plan and Its progress
relieves anxiety caused by the evidences of
obstruction to > it. It - is hoped - also that the
way has been opened for a resumption of some
of the Important projects for further combin
ations which were interrupted by the shock of
the Northern Pacific corner last. May. The
lock-up of capital which resulted 1 from that
struggle of financial giants has been admitted
ly an ' element or embarrassment ever since.
Now that a prospect of release of part' of that
capital, speculators' are hoping- to see a re
newal of the stimulating effect of powerful
combinations of capital In the stock' market to
further the flotation of new securities which
maybe the product of new corporations. • The
special strength of anthracite carriers during
the week is the reflection of the impression
that those properties are first on the list of the
plans for a merger. On the prospect for the
coming year in the stock market, opinion in
the financial world is by no means unanimous.
The present high level of prices is a subject of
eome misgiving, even among the bulls.. It Is
pointed out that not a few departments of the
market recovered after the May panic to higher
prices than before,- notwithstanding the excess
of speculation, which resulted in that upset to
the market. There are many stocks whose
prices were the highest on record at the end
of. the year. I The speculation which made those
prices was counting upon • continued increase
In the earning power, rather than upon mere
maintenance of that power. The Amalgamated
Copper incident and the developments in that
trade are felt to be pregnant with suggestion
of possible results to flow from a decline in
demand for products of other industries, capi
talized on a basis of heavy consumption at
high prices. The course of the country's for
eign trade toward decreases - of manufactured
exports and .increase of imports is suggestive
of lessening demand and indicating competition
from the depressed foreign markets. The lack
of the financial . stimulus of enormous foreign
credits by reason of favorable trade balances
has already been. conspicuously evident. Signs
of revival In foreign financial and industrial
affairs raises the question of the relative at
traction for capital or a turning point froni
depression and a level far advanced toward
expansion. If not- Inflation. The balance be
tween these considerations and the apparent
purpose of prominent capitalists to embark on
further large enterprises which are dependent
for financial success upon large demand for
securities and a strong stock market give
promise of two parties in the speculative field
fn the future.
The bond market has been fairly active, but
somewhat irregular, an*' there has been no
striking investment demand for mortgage se
curities.
United States refunding 2s declined % ' and
old 4s % and the 5s advanced % per cent from
the closing call of last week.
NEW IOHK STOCK LIST.
• Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison- 3.100 81 80% 60%
Atchison pfd 4,500 103% 103% 103%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4,700 107% 106% 106%
Baltimore & O pfd. 100 96% 96% 9*Hi
Canadian Pacific... 3,100 116% 115% : llSVi
Canada Southern .... .S5*i
Chesapeake & Ohio. 300 48 47% 47%
Chicago & Alton... 600-36% 86% .38%
Chicago & A pfd.. 300 77% 76% 77
Chicago I & L..... 2.200 54. 53% 53
Chicago I & L pfd.. 400 76% .76 ,76
Chicago & G W.... 1,500 24% 23% 23%
Chic & G W A pfd. . 84%
Chic & G W B pfd -.... .... 46%
Chicago & Nwstrn. 200 209 208% 209
Chicago R I & P.. 1,100 156% 155% 155&
Chicago T & T. :.. 1.100 16% 16% 16
Chicago T & T pfd. 100 31%* 31% 30%
C C C & St Louis.. 200 98 97% 97
Colorado Southern.. 1.000 15% 15% "15%
Colorado So 1st pfd 1.000 60% 60% 60%
Colorado- So 2d pfd 2,800 29% 29% 29 V*
Delaware & Hudson 1,200 178 177% 177
Dela Lack & Wes. 254
Denver & R Grande 100 45 . 45 45
Denver & R G pfd. 500 93% 93 92%
Erie. 11.500 43% 43% 43M.
Erie 1st prd...: 4.S00 74% 74% '74%
Erie 2d pfd..r 2.000 €2% 62 62
Great Northern pfd 400 189% 189% 188%
Hocking Valley. 400 70% 70 70
Hocking Valley pfd 100 83% 63% &3>4
Illinois Central ... 200 140% 140% 140
Iowa Central ...... 100 3D% 39% 39%
Iowa Central pfd.. ¦ .: 75%
Lake Erie & West. 100 70% 70% 69
Lake E & W pfd.. 126
Louisville & Nashvl 900 107% 107% 107%
Manhattan L 3,000 137% 136% 136%
Metropolitan St Ry 700-163% -163. .162%
Mexican Central .. 14,200 28% 27% 2S%
Mexican National.. 3,000, 15% , 15% 15%
Minn & 8t Louis.. 100 106% 106% 106%
Missouri Pacific 3,100 104% 102% 103
Missouri JS. &. Tex 100 27 - 27 26
Mo Kans & Tex pfd 400 53% 53% 53%
New Jersey Central ..... ...'."' .'. .. 192 ¦
New York Central. 1,000 168 167% 167%
Norfolk & Western 1,300 68% 58% 58%
Norfolk & West pfd 200 92 92 . 91
Ontario & Western. 4,600 35% 35% : 35%
Pennsylvania ., 4,600 151 150% 150%
Reading 10,900 57% 57 57
Reading 1st pfd... 1,800 82% 82% • 82%
Reading 2d pfd • 5,100 .65% 64% 64% :
St Louis & S F...'.- 1.100 58 57 57%
St L & S F 1st prd. 100 83% 83% 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,600 74% 74% 74
St Louis Swestern. .... 2T%
Et L Swecstern pfd. 700 60% . 60' 59%
St Paul 9,900 167% 166% 166%
St Paul pfd .... 188
Southern Pacific... 9,800 : 61% . 61 • 6l%
Southern Railway.. 1.300 34 33% 33%
Southern Ry pfd... 600 94% 94 93%
Texas & Pacific... 800 40% 40% 40%
Toledo St L & West 300 20 20 .19%
Tol St L & W pfd 1,900 37 36% 36%
Union Pacific ..... 1,100 103% 102% 102%
Union Pacific pfd. . 1.800 90%. 89% 89%
Wabash-....* 5,200 23% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 2,000 43% -43 43
Wheel & Lake Erie ..,.. ........ 18%
Wheel & L E 2d pf 30
Wisconsin Central. 400 20%' 20% 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 400 42 41% 41%
Express companies —
Adams ...'......... 100 199 199 200
American ...,212 '
United States 300 99% 98% 99
Wells-Fargo 190
Miscellaneous — ¦ - "
Amalg Copper 14,000 71 69% , 70J*'
Am Car & Foundry 10,700 31% 30% 31%
Am Car & Foun pf .500. ,87% 67% 87%
Am Linseed Oil / 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd' ; ' ..: 44
Am Smelt & Refln. 800 46 .'. 45% 45»i
Am Smelt & R pfd. 200 06% 90% ' 96%
Anaconda Min Co.. 600 30% 30% 30%
Brooklyn Rapid Tr. 6,500 <5S% . 66% ' : 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 88% '67- 87
Consolidated Gas... 200 '• 219% 219% 217%
Continental Tob pf 100 116% 116% 116%
General Electric... 800 281 "280. '280
Glucose Sugar .... .... .... 33%
Hocking Coal .... 16
International Pap. . 20%
Internat Pap pfd.. 800 76?j 70% 76%
International Powr 700 S8% 88 88
Laclede Gas . . : . .\ -....-'.... • HO \
National Biscuit. -.. 1,500 45% > 44% -.45%
National Lead . .... .... 16%
National SsU , ....' ....... 32
National Salt pfd.. ..... .:. ' 61
North' American... • ....- ¦...-. .02%
Pacific Coast- ........ - .... ...-.•. - 72
Pacific Mail 1.800 48 " 47 47
People's Gas ..... 800 106 105% •¦1055s
Pressed Steel -Car. . 1,400 42% 42 42.
Pressed St Car pfd 500- 80 85% 85
Pullman Pal Car .... « 217
Republic Steel. .... 900 16% 16 16
Republic Steel pfd. 300 . 69 . 68% . 68%
Sugar 2.000 117% 117% 117
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,800 - 66% .66 • , 65%
Union Bag & P Co. 100 14% 14% ~, 14%,
Union Bag & P pfd ¦%.-.. 73 . '
V 8 Leather.. .....•« 8,700' 12% ]2 12
U S Leather pfd.. i 1,100 82% ', 82 • 82
U S Rubber.. ... ../ KX» ' 14 ' 14.' .14
U 8 Rubber, pfd... 100 ¦> 60% ,50% 50
US Steel 40,300 , 45% 44% ¦ • 45%
US Steel pfd..... 41,900 95% 05% : 05%
Western Union.... 200 02% 92% 92%
Am Locomotive ... 54,400 34%. .32% XJU
jaa Locomotive pfd 6,800. 90>,# ,89%. 90%
\Total sales'..... 427. 000 ;
. Provisions were dull and steady. There, was
some changing of May for January and some
small outside buying of pork. . May pork
closed ;l0o- up, lard 2%c higher 'andrlbs^2%c
up.' ¦¦ . '- •-.--;¦ '; : . .- : • • ":;¦¦¦
-Oats had a fair: trade, -.the market working
In sympathy with other grains. May closed
strong, %@%o up at 46%@46%c.
Corn was. strong throughout the : short ses
sion. . The speculative- market was broadening
noticeably. "The. strong cash, situation caused
considerable covering by ! shorts. May closed
btrong, %@%c up at 46%@46%c. .v • ¦¦'
CHICAGO, Jan. 4— Trade in wheat was.ner
vous, and ' active j with traders generally some
what skeptical' as to the genuine- strength of
the market. <, The crowd was soon reassured,
however.' | upon . the appearance of | an abund
ance of 'buying' orders in the pit. Cables gen
erally showed strength in foreign markets and
were given some attention. Prices advanced a
little i under the influence of - outside buying.
Reports' from the' Southwest stated that winter
wheat was bringing more in its principal ¦ re
gion of growth than- in Chicago. On the oth<>r
hand, excellent J Manitoba wheat was being
offered I delivered at Montreal at . the opening
of . navigation for 81 . cents. Receipts wero
small, though weather conditions were im
proved. ' When the commission ¦ house business
began • to pick up scalpers came in the mar
ket and trade grew heavy. . In splto - of Sat
urday realizing May sold up to 83%c ai'.d closed
at that figure. ¦ •¦ - .- -, •
Weekly bank clearings show a gain over last year.
Shipment of $118,942 to China. .
Very fair business in local stocks and bonds.
Wheat futures higher and Barley futures lower.
Oats zrry strong. Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay very firm, zcith indications of a further rise.
Bran, Middlings and Flour quoted strong.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions steady and unchanged.
Good large' Oranges in light supply and zvanted."
Apples moving off better. . -
Eight cars of Eastern Poultry in last week.
Eggs declining rapidly. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Local dealers cutting Hams sharply.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged., . .
AH Meats as previously quoted. ¦
. . — —
• NEW YORK MINING STOCKS..'
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ......' 12
Alice 45 Ontario ......... .8 50
Breece 75 Ophir 83
Brunswick Con ,.:"15 Phoenix .......... 5
Comstock Tunnel.. 5% Potosl ............ 8
Con Cal & Va...l 60 Savage ........... "-4
Deadwood Terra ..50 Sierra Nevada ... 18
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes .V. .. 40
Iron Silver CO Standard . .' .3 60
Leadville Con ... 5 -
-¦ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— : United Fruit .... 88
Call loans i..5@6 Mining — ' -
Time ! loans 5@6 Adventure . .'. .'. . 19%
Bonds — ' 'f .. Allouez .....'....¦ 3
Atchison 4s - ... .102 Baltic . . . ... : . . . . 37
Gas 1st ..... 83% Bingham ........ 24
Mex Cent 4s 81% Calumet & Hecla. 600
N E Gas & Coke/ 55 Centennial ...... 13%
Railroads — v \ Copper Range ..." 56
Atchison ¦ .....80% Dominion Coal ..:55%
Do pref d . r. . . . 103 Franklin 13 s
Boston & Albany.262% Isle Royale . . 21
Boston & Maine.. 191 Mohawk ........ 30
N Y N H & H..211 Old Dominion*.. . 24
Fitchburg prefd..l44%" tJsceola ......... 31
Union Pacific ...102% Parrot .......... 29
Mexican Cent ... 28 Quincy .. .¦...•....135
Miscellaneous Santa Fo Copper. 3%
Amer Sugar . 117% Tamarack 260
Amer T & T 162 Trlmountain 31
Dominion I & S. 28% Trinity 14%
Gen Electric 279 Utah 22%
Mass Elec 35% Victoria 5
Do prefd ...... 92% wolverine ....... 49%
N E Gas & C... 40% • -
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money' 94U N Y Cent. '. .'. 177%
do account 91% Norf & West 60%,
Anaconda ....... 6% do prefd ....... 04
Atchison -.'. 82% North Pac prefd.. 102
do prerd ...105% Ontario & West.. -36%
Bait & Ohio:..... 110% Reading 23%
Can Pacific 118 % do 1st- prefd ..... 47 Ji
Ches & Ohio 49 do 24 prefd o3V*
Chi Gt -West.:.. -2494 Southern Ry ...-.-30%
C M & St Paul.. .176 «o prefd 90%
Den & R G .. 48% Southern Pac .... 62%
do prefd -..96 Union Pao ., lOGVis
Erie 44% do prefd .....".. 93
do 1st prefd... 76% U S Steel. 46>6
do 2d prefd 60 do pfftffl " ••"».' ,
Illinois Cent ..'..144 Wabash 1... 2J%
Louis & Nash. . . .110>4 dp prerd 44%
Mo Kan &-Tex.. 27% Spanish 4s <2%
do prefd ....... 51% . ' •
Bar silver, 25 16-16d per ounce. Money,."l%
©2 per cent.- - • ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ -• . , . , ¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is — per cent. ' .
The rate- of discount in the open market for
three-months' bills Is — per cent.
'¦- '¦¦!¦•'. 'NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS. '-'' '
US ref-2s regr...lO8%'iL.& N Unl4s.;.101%
Do coup .....'.108% Mex Cent 4a ;... 82
Do 3s reg 107% Do' 1st inc 33%
Do coup ......108% Minn & StL 4s.. 103
Do new 4s reg. 130JA M K & T 4s 08%
Do coup 130>,i Do 2ds ....... 83%
Do old 4s reg.lll%iN Y Cent lsts...lO2%
go coup. 111% Do gen 3%s ,.108
,. Do 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s. 132
j Do coup ......107% Nor Pac 4sV....104%
Atchison gen 4s. 103% Do 3s ;.... 73%
v Do adjt 4s . 95% Nor & W con 4s. 102%
Balto & Ohio 4S..103 Reading Gen 4s.. 98%
. Do 3% g e5 i£ s L & I M con 5s.ll7 *
Do conv 4s ....100% S L & S F 4s 97%
Canada So 2ds"...110% StL S "W lsts. 97%
Cent of G 5s. ...106% Do 2ds ........ 77%
_Do 1st inc .... 77% S A & A P 4s... 87%
C & O 4%s.....lO7 ,So Pac 4s ......93%
C & A 3%b.'.... 84% So Ry 6s ......121%
C.B & Q new 4s. 00% Tex & Pac lsts..llOVi
C M & S P g 4s.H2% T Bt'L & W 4s.. 83%
Chi & Nor con 7s.l40 Union Pao 4s ...105
C R I & P 4s 105% Do conv 4s ....106%
C C C & S L g 4s.l03% Wabash lsts ... .118%
Chicago Term 4s. 87 Do 2ds ..... 114^1
Colo &.Bo 4s '91% Do deb B 68
D & R G 4s 101 West Shore 4s ..112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 99% W&L E 4s.;.. 93^
Do gen 4s 89% Wls Cent 4s .... 89%
Ft W & D C lsts.108% Con Tob 4s .... 66%
Hock Val 4%s...lO7% . *v ™
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bay CPC 5s.l08%10» Oceanic 5s.. — 103%
Cal-st. 5s ...116% — Ombus C 6s. 130% —
C C Wat 5«. — — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
Ed L & P 6a. — — Pk&C H 6s. — 109%
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6s. — 120
Oeary-st 5s.. — 100 Pwl-st R fls.118%120
H C&S 5%s. — — 'Sac EGR 5s. 95 97%
• Do 5a 99%10O% SF & SJV5S.122 ¦' ;
X. Ang R 5a. 113 119ii Sierra Cal 6a. — —
L A Lght 6s. — — 8 P of Ar ft
Do gtd 6s. — — (1909) .... 110^111 ft
Do gtd 5s. 103% — (1910) ....111% —
L A & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6s -
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (19O5)Sr A.108 —
Wkt-st C 6s. 125 126 ¦ <19O5)Sr B.109%109%
Do lem 5s. — 12a (19OB) ....110461111*
N R Cal. 6s. .-109% — (1912) 120% —
Do 5s >...121S4 — S P Cal 1st
N Pac C Bs.104%106% c gntd 8s. 110 —
'N CalR 5s. 112^113% S P BrCa!63.136% —
Oak Gas 5s.. 113% -|8V Wat 6s. 113- —
Oak Trns 63.124\il26 Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st cos.108% — Do 4s 3d mlftl 101%
Oak W g 5a. — 105 Ptktn Gas 6s.lO2 105?*
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% — .Port Costa. . 63%. 66
Maria Co.... 58 — j Spring Val.. 85«» — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2%|Pac Light... 43 —
Eqt G L. Co. 3 111, Sacramento . — 35
Mutual ..... — 5% S F G & E. 40% 40%
O G'L & H. 51% — [Pan Fran.... S% —
Pac Gaa Imp — 40 IStktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.247%260 .J
"BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..78% — II. P & A 163%168
California ..420 430 Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe D..112 — JF S Nationl.135 —
First Natnl..325 350 1 .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1S85; — iSav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — [Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — I Union Tr»t. — 2475
S F Sav U. .510 — 1 '
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 — (Market 90 90%
Geary — 50%)Presidio 35% —
, POWDER.' ~;V'-;
Giant SO 81 fVigorit ..... — -4%
SUGAR.
Hana — , — .Kilauea .... -^ 12
Hawaiian ..34 40 IMakawell .. 2T * —
Honokaa ... 10 ' — I Onomea .... 22 . —
Hutchlnson . 14% 15 IPaauhau ... 10% 10%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.174 — Pac A. P A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As; 95. — Pac C Borax.165 —
Cal Wine As. 05 — Par Paint... 15 . —
Oceanic S C. 35 35%
' ' - ' Mornins Session.
#»0 Alaska Packers' Association... 174 00
10 Giant Powder Con Si oo
'" 15 Honokaa 10 OO !
100 Hutchinson S P Co j 14 25
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal Ss bonds... 121 62%
10 Oceanic Steamshi» Co, s 90.... 25- 00
. o'Paauhau 8 P Co * 10 12%
4 Pacific Lighting 45 00
70 S F Gaa & Electric CO..; 40 50
WSP Gas & Electric Co 40 25
10 Spring Valley Water. ......... b3 60
. • ! Street—
100 Honokaa Co 10 00
IIO.WO N P C R R 5s bonds 105 00
$5,000 Oakland Transit Co. 6s ...124 50
•'$5,000 Oakland Transit Co. 5s ,.108 50
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
4a quar coup. — 113 f4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar reg..lll%112&|3s quar coup.lOS'Ji - r
SATURDAY, Jan. 4—12 m.
AND BOND EXCHANGE.
t-.%- ..¦'.¦¦ . . .
Crown Point. 08 101 St. I^>ul3 . — 04
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 60 3 73
.. — 02 Syndicate ... 06 07
Gould i& Cur. 06 07 Union Con.... 18 19
Hale & Nor.. 24 2B Utah ....;... 05 07
Julia ........ — 01 Yei Yacket... 07 ¦ 08
COTTOLENE- One > half -barrel.. 10%c: three
half-barrels, ; 10c;. one tierce. &%c;.two tierces,
9%c; five: tierces, 9%c pe? lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at. 8%c per lb for
compound and : ll%c for pure; - ha.lf barrels,
pure. ll%c; 10-lb tins; 12%c; 5-lb'tins, 12%c;
o-lb .tins, 3%c. -. . . , - ". .-
CU3BD MEATS^-Bacon. 12c per lb : for
heavy, 12%C;fot light medium, 13%c for light.
14%c for extra light and 15o. for. sugar- cured:
Eastern suear-cured . Hams. L 13c; . California
Hams, 11 %c; Mess Beef. $10®10Mper barrel;
extra Meas. $11@11 60; Family. *12@12 50;
prime Mesa Pork. $15;. extra clear. $22 30@23:
Mess, $18 50@19;- Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound. .¦-,', "< :¦• . ¦ "
Chicagp was- steady to. firm, and.5@10c high
er. A liberal run. is expected in the receipts
this week. f Tho world's stocks January 1 were
194,000 'tierces., against 169.000 on the same
date last year, an increase of 55,000 tierces in
December.* .*¦ .. ' -v -. ¦• ... < • •
Cutting of Hams, particularly of the local
product, - is lively, .and the latter . are .lower.
Eastern are weak, 'but quotations remain un
changed. There is nothing new in Bacon and
Lard...v . . ¦/• ;,. ¦ : ,-. • - ,- -
Provisions.
i NUTS— Chestnuts, nominal; -Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No.-l hardshell.
9c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 10%®12c for paper
shell. 0@10c for softshell • and 6<gTc for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pfecftns. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. . - . : ! / ' ';
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
\¥& c forll *ht amber; water white extracted.
S®**; "sht amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c
;. BEESWAX— 27%@29o per lb.
RAISINS— (Price -per 20-lb box): Clusters-^
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $175; 4
crown,' $1 60; - London Layers,' — Three-crown,
$1 35;. two-crown, $ 1 25. Price, per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Fctor-crcryra^ 5%c; three
crown, 5%c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless • Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 6%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c:
choice, 7%c; sUndard." C%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. • Bleached Thompson's
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, $>c; stand
ard, 7%c;. prime, 6%c. Fancy • seeded; 7c;
choice seeded, 6%c; do. In- bulk, fancy 6%c;
choice, 6%c Der lb. :. •
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40" s, 6@6%c; 40-50" s, 4%@5%c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 394@4Uc;?7O©80's, ; 3%©3%c:
80-90's, ; 29£@3%c;-90-100's, •2%@2%o perlb. S
-,.FRUITS-^-Apricots,';.7@8%c < for Royals and 8
@13c fo_r standard j to fancy; Moorparks ; ' Evap
orated "Apples, . ,7@8%c;> sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears,' 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, -4@5.%c; unpitted, l@2c;. Nectarines, 6@
&%c for red and 5%@6%c for. white; Figs, -4c
for black and 6O@75c. per box lor white.
: The market continues firm, ' with no : further
change in 'fruits. .'¦'¦ >: . .
Dried'FruitSj Nuts. and Raisins.
- Informal Session^-0 :15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, $1 09%; 2000, $1 10.
Second Session — May — 24,000 ' ctls, $1 09%;
£6,000, $1 09%. ..';•. • - .
Regular : Morning- : Session— May — 12,000 ctls,
$3 09%; 6000, $1 10.
BARLEY— Closed . the week steady and un
changed on the spot, though - futures . were
somewhat lower. - * * . . '
Feed, S2%e for choice bright, 80@81%c for
No. 1 and,77%@78%o for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 85@87^>c;, Chevalier, 80c
@$1 pef Ctl. : " ¦¦ :¦
V. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales. -.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 81 %c; 4CHX»,
Sl%c. - «..:.. ' • is •',•••¦ -' ¦¦ . : . .
.Regular Morning: Session — No sales. .
- -OATS — The market continues stiff. -'.The de
mand Is chiefly • speculative, although there is
something doing on consumptive account right
along. ' ... ..•..; •¦-¦'. ', . ''..
Grays..; $1 20@l 27%; whites, $1 20@1-40;
Surnrise,$l 40@l 42%; black/ $1 10@l?20 for
feed*and $l-20<g>l 30 for seed; /red,;. $1 25@1 '35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for seed. •:
CORN — Prices remain, as. before and the .mar
ket- is quiet, s Chicago was tinner. ; - The. cash
demand there' is not urgent, but 1 the selling
pressure is I not great. .' The whole , Southwest
is bullish and I speculative buying is - the chief
support to prices. Large yellow, $1 35@1 42%;
small round do, $1 35@1 40; white, $1 35@1 40
per ctl. • ' •'. ': - -
RYE— Steady and unchanged at 77%@81 Vie
per ctl. - . •. ¦'¦'•¦ •' :
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per cental.
\ Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL,. BOARD SALES
¦ Chicago' wires to | Bolton, | De Ruyter & Co.
tald : "The : tone) of., the ; inarket !.was -again
strong, r Little,*;- if"; anything, • is ! doing in ; the
way of cash business, but - there is . a large
general speculative '.trade .and speculative sen
timent as a rule is rather, keenly, bullish.. The
relatively 'low price cf wheat is- at .. the:,, root
of it. . Winter . wheat • farmers are tenacious
holders.'/ Feeding, -of wheat, : throughout- the.
winter wheat sections-is also quite general: and
there is a good , domestic milling demand : at
winter,, wheat centers. "Then-, again' there -are
more or ' less reports that ' th* farmers'/ deliv
eries-in 'the -spring .wheat country, are small.
Against this we have the large stock of wheat
in this country, with 'a fair, amounts afloat for
Europe and <" seeming - unwillingness! of - Euro
pean markets to follow | advances, here. " So • far
as . this market ¦ is concerned < the 'Strength ¦ is
purely speculative • and' as ¦ Chicago . practically
carries the whole visible supply of ; the country
' and | a portion of the stocks afloat ! for Eu rope,
it makes a. tremendous load for speculation to
lift. There are some oomplaints of damage to
winter wheat, but at this season of year such
factors are usually of 'small value. Nothing
can be known "-¦: as . to ¦ damage for several
months to come.". '• -.- • " '
Spot Wheat-^Shlpping, $105@106}i; mill
ing, $1 07%@l 08% per ctl. , ¦ .
changed;- except ; - on'-' call, 'where "' prices 'were
several fractions " higher. 1 . ~\ ;;:.;'... ,.'. . .. . .
:-;,-. .DRIED FRUIT.' •;'-.-. ¦"¦¦-.• .
: NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The market for evapo
rated apples ruled rather quiet, but held steady
in tone at unchanged prices.' State,' common to
good, 6@6%c; prime, 9@9%e; choice,- 9%@10c;
fancy, 10%@15c. -• * . -.-., -,,, -f ¦
California ¦ dried • fruits ¦ were quiet and un
changed. - ; ' ¦ < . • ' •¦¦¦ ':. ¦
PRUNES— 3% @7c.: -: •¦¦':•
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%@
13c- • ' ¦¦¦ ¦•-¦'.¦ ¦ ¦ ' -¦•' • ----...'
PEACHES-^Peeled, 16@20e; iunpeeled, 7U@
12%c.
ing : January," 6.C5(§6.70c; March, 6.75@6.S0c ;
May, ..6.v5@7c ; J July. 745c ; ! September, 7.30@
7.S5c; December, < 7.40c. . •'."/.' . ' - ¦" .
SUGAR— Raw steady. *• Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2% c;
refined, steady; No. 0, 4.15c; No. 7, -4.05c; No.
8, 3.05c ;i No. 9, 3.00c; No.' 10, 3.85c; - No. 11,
3.80c; No., 12. 3.80c; No. 13, :3.75c; No. ;14,
3.75c; standard- A,' 4.55c; ..confectioners'.' A,
4.65c; mold. A, 5.10c; . cut • loaf,: 5.25c; crushed,
6.25c; powdered, ¦ $4. 85c; ...granulated,' 4.75c;
cubes. 5c. ' : '
Grape' Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexican > Limes, v- $4®
'4 50; Bananas, $i 75@2 75 per bunch. for New
Orleans.' aha | - for Hawaiian; I Pineapples,
$3@4 Per dozen. - /.. ' • . • . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALiL, SUjSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1902.
Chicago Grain Market.
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
inarket was steady. ¦ Creameries, ¦¦ 13@24c.
Dairies. l4@20c. Cheese, C%@109Jc. Kggs,
firm; fresh, 26@2Sc.
Foreign Futures.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 47 degrees.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
35
STATION.
d
3
1
K 2 O m *fl
Hg HJ 2» 3
jlfl.ls f \
Aetoria
Baker
Carson.
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Poeatello. Ida.
Independence. .
Los Angeles...
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburg-
tacramento . .
Salt Lake
Can Francisco.
6. L. Oblspo..
Fin Diego
Seattle ...:...
Cpokane
Xeah Bay
"Walla Walla. .
"Winneniucca .
Yuma ........
.3(
.3(
..3
3'
.3(
.3(
¦an
.:>(
.3(
.3;
.sc
-3(
.30
.S(
M
.23
.30
.30
.3C
.3C
.3C
.S(
10.26
10.42
$0.34
JO. 30
K). 30
».38
SO. 22
0.02
0.04
;o.so
0.26
0.30
0.26
0.36
0.26
0.10
9.88
0.32
0.40
0.26
0.36
0.40
0.04
54 46 XE Cloudy .42
46 34 SW Clear .00
48 24 N Pt Cldy .00
54 48 W Clear !. 00
52 *6 NT7 Cloudy .00
52 14 S Clear .00
44 28 EE Cloudy .14
58 3S SW Pt Cldy .00
86 CO W Clear .00
SO 46 E Clear .00
54 60 KW Cloudy .00
60 38 E Clear .00
60 48 N'E Clear .04
4fi 42 XE Cloudy .02
30 20 S Cloudy .00
52 40 N. Clear .00
76 €2 N Pt Cldy .00
M 86 X Clear .00
C2 .. S Cloudy .C2
48 42 S Cloudy .00
48 44 E Cloudy .06
S6 50 XE Clear .00
44 50 XE Pt Cldy .00
70 60 N Clear .00
STATION.
d
3
1
K 2 O m *fl
Hg HJ 2» 3
jlfl.ls f \
Aetoria
Baker
Carson.
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Poeatello. Ida.
Independence. .
Los Angeles...
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburg-
tacramento . .
Salt Lake
Can Francisco.
6. L. Oblspo..
Fin Diego
Seattle ...:...
Cpokane
Xeah Bay
"Walla Walla. .
"Winneniucca .
Yuma ........
.3(
.3(
..3
3'
.3(
.3(
¦an
.:>(
.3(
.3;
.sc
-3(
.30
.S(
M
.23
.30
.30
.3C
.3C
.3C
.S(
10.26
10.42
$0.34
JO. 30
K). 30
».38
SO. 22
0.02
0.04
;o.so
0.26
0.30
0.26
0.36
0.26
0.10
9.88
0.32
0.40
0.26
0.36
0.40
0.04
54 46 XE Cloudy .42
46 34 SW Clear .00
48 24 N Pt Cldy .00
54 48 W Clear !. 00
52 *6 NT7 Cloudy .00
52 14 S Clear .00
44 28 EE Cloudy .14
58 3S SW Pt Cldy .00
86 CO W Clear .00
SO 46 E Clear .00
54 60 KW Cloudy .00
60 38 E Clear .00
60 48 N'E Clear .04
4fi 42 XE Cloudy .02
30 20 S Cloudy .00
52 40 N. Clear .00
76 €2 N Pt Cldy .00
M 86 X Clear .00
C2 .. S Cloudy .C2
48 42 S Cloudy .00
48 44 E Cloudy .06
S6 50 XE Clear .00
44 50 XE Pt Cldy .00
70 60 N Clear .00
!07 POWELL ST. WM aEU4S SS3T 505$
Sfianahan KlorisT Co.
S^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS -
Vt Prices Peasonab/e '
Continued From Page Thirty-Four.
dence, 1409 Webater street. Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Pleaas omit flowers.
POLING— In this city, January 2, 1902. Mary
Poling, beloved mother of Mrs. Virgin. Mrs.
Cottrell and William Houston, and slater of
Mrs. Alex. Robertson, a native of Scotland,
aged 60 years 5 months and 7 days.
CSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend the funeral • to-day
.(Sunday), at 12:30 o" Mock, from her late
residence, BS-4 Sixth street Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
PRESCOTT— In this city, January 3, 1902.
Jacob Fresco tt. brother of Abraham Pres-
cott, a native of Prussia. Germany, aged 72
years and 8 months.
E3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
' to-day (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock,' as th«
' parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment ' H11I3 of Eternity Cemetery, by
2 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. • ¦ ". "
RUSSELL. — In Alameda, January 4. 1902. John
- A., - beloved husband- of Mary E. Russell,
and father of Mrs. Edgar Painter, Mrs. Edw.
- A. Younger and Misa Ada Russell, a native
of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 70 years. ¦
C7 Friends are invited to attend the fu-
. neral services to-morrow (Monday), at 2:30
o'clock, • under the auspices of California
Commqjidery No. 1. K. T.. in the Masonic
u .Temple. Interment private.
RYAN— In this city. January "3. 1902, "Mary
Florence, beloved wife of Michael J. Ryan,
and daughter of Mary I. and the late Ed-
ward H. Keating, a native of San Francisco.
. aged 2S years. (Cumberland, Aid., and Win-
chester. Va.,- papers please copy.) ¦ ¦• . ¦
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Monday),' at 9:30 O'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 481 Fourteenth street, thence to Mls-
elon Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of' her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • ¦ ¦••../ ¦¦-:; >
STAKE— In this city, January 4. 1902, Hulda
E. Stake, beloved ., sister of Deni9 H. Stake.
• a native of Sweden, aged 25 years 5 months
and 21 days. v . .••*- ¦
STEVENri — In this city. January 3, 1902.
George, deaxly beloved eon of Lenore and
- James Stevens, and loving brother of Mel-
ville. Alma. Raymond .and Clifford Stevens
and Mrs. F. J. Ghlselll and of the late Hes-
ter Stevens, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 7 years. ¦ •
SULLIVAN — In Phoenix. Ariz., December -81.
1901. Eugene, beloved husband of Llzals
Sullivan, and father of Michael. James. Eu-
gene and ' the* late Margaret .Sullivan, a na-
tive of the parish of Eveeleary, Ireland.
ITjr Remains at the parlors of J..C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter. • ¦
¦ SW ANTON — In ' this city, January 1, 1902,
William- Swanton, a native of Queenstown,
¦ Ireland, aged 44 years. . . ¦ ¦ .
£3"rhe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. • O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for service*.
¦¦ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:30
o'clock - train from Third and. Townsend
streets..
SWEET — In .this city, January 1, 1902. Mary
Anna Sweet, beloved daughter of Mary A.
Dohrney, and mother of Charles N.. Frank
- P. . and Joseph P. Brust. a native of Louis- '
. lana.^Mo., aged BS years. (St. Louis. Mo..
" papers copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances and members
- of New Century Circle No. 513. C of F. of
, A., Meade Corps No. 61, W. . R. C. and
Loyal Rebekah Lodge No. 215. are respect-
fully Invited" to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday),' at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin &. Co., 319-O'Farrell street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
¦WALL — In ¦ Oakland. January 4, 1902, Perry,
husband of Hattle Berry Wall, son of
* A. S. and Louisa Wall, and ' brother of
Mrs. J. - Schwan and Raleigh,' Laura, Claire
.and Gertrude Wall, a. native of Nevada
' County, California, aged 25 years 9 months
' and 26 days.
C7 Funeral services Monday. January 6. at
11 o'clock, at the residence of James Taylor.
1211 Clay street, between Fourteenth and .
Fifteenth streets, Oakland. Interment prl-
WATTS — In this' city, January 3. 1902. Esther
Hidden ' Watts, sister of *Martln S. Hidden
of Peacham. Vt.. and Mrs. Albert Lovejoy
of North Hart land, Vt.,- a native of Ver-'
mont. aged 77 years 11 months and IS days.
WELSH— An anniversa.-y solemn requiem
ma? s will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday),
at 0 o'clock, for '.the repose of the soul of
. Maggie Welsh at Mission Dolores • Church.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend..
ZOBEL— In this city. January 2. 1902. Handel
Hart Zobel. beloved son ef Jacob and Rose
-" Zobel. aged 26 years and 1 month. .
• c?" Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
- fully • Invited to attend the funeral to-day
",«Sunday). at' ft o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, under • the auspices of Apollo Lodge
. No. 123,: I. O. O. F.. thence to Odd Fellows'
Crematory. *, Please omit flowers.
AUCTION SALES
100 sets ' single and double harness; surries.
buggies, carts..' wagons and saddles: also a
large assortment of horses, to be sold at 1140
Folsom. street,- January 7, 11 a. 1 m.The cases of John Ludwig and Herman
Goodruff, marine firemen, charged with
assault to rob, were dismissed by Judge
Mogan yesterday. It was Bhown that tne
defendants wanted to call upon two young
women living <n Louis Roder's lodging
house, 612 Howard street. New Year's eve.
and they took from Roder the keys of the
girls' rooms. They offered to return the
keys to Roder, but he refused to take
them, and had them arrested.
Wanted to Visit Friends.
William Adams and John McFadden
appeared before Judge Cabanlss yester
day on a charge of burglary. They were
accused of breaking into the residence of
Charles Denlcke, teamster. 720 Railroad
avenue, December 20. They were arrested
by Policeman Buckley for discharging
firearms within the city limits; and while
being taken to the Potrero police station
one of them dropped a watch that had
been stolen from Denicke's house. That
was the only evidence against them and
the Judge dismissed the case.
Burglary Not Proved.
Practically every purchase made in 190J.
either was paying or could by building imme
diately have been made to pay a fair income.
Never in the history of the city have so many
manufacturing firms bought their own business
sites. In Investment properties buyers have
bought where bueinees was established.' even
though, in many cases, the location appeared
to be passe. For the best retail properties
top prices compared with past figures have
been paid, buyers preferring to pay premiums
for the best rather than a'ttempt to anticipate
where business might go. Real estate sales
were very greatly increased last year by own
ers of stocks and bouds selling them and in
vesting the money in city' business property/
In the seven years' dullness from 1831 to 180.$
nearly all large owners of money would not
touch real estate at all; nothing but stocks and
bonds were in favor then. But fluctuations in
B*nv of these securities - and heavy fail* m
Ar.fl to this increase should really be added
the price paid for the westerly halt of the
Blythe block, the negotiations for which took
place in July, 1901, although the deed will
not pass for several days yet. Xor is this all,
cither. Although our figures are for the .whole
of 1901, there were really only nine selling
months in It. During nearly a Quarter of the
year the labor strikes prevailed and nearly put
a stop to transfers for that length of time.
Buyers believed that If -the strikes were pro
longed prices would -weaken, and they held off
from purchasing for that reason. . Many of
them have not bought yet. A look backward
over the last ten - years shows that 1890 was
the banner year for heavy transactions, the
tales for that year amounting to S36.545.SS7.
The year 1898 was the poorest -year for sales.
The total value of the sales or that year was
only $10,747,102. It is interesting. Just now,
to study the ups and downs of real estate in
past years, because of the greater importance
now attached to San Francisco as a coming
commercial and manufacturing center. The
past year approaches -1S90 in . the monetary
value of sales made, but it does not - compare
with 1890 in the number of transactions. In
18dO there were 6CS0 tales made, and in 1901
'there were but 4261 sales. The reason why
the number of sales was so much smaller for
the past year was because there has been 'no
outside land speculations and no general pur
chasing except for use on the part of small
buyers. The amount of money Involved in the
transactions of the past year was very large
in proportion to the number of sales made, be
cause the great majority of sales were of valu
able business properti*s. . The Southern. Pacific
and Santa Fe Railroad companies wer* large
buyers last year. The Blythe block, too, was
the largest single Kale ever made in San Fran
cisco. The most notable feature of 1901 was
the absolute absence of speculation.
1901 far surpassed the entire
year of 1900 In the sales of realty in this
city. Since then the complete figures f or
the full year have been received. From
these it appears that the increase was $10,-
C20.155 over 1900. and that the sales out
numbered those of 1900 by 1002. The total
sales for 1931 were $23,147,969. In 1900 the
total was $18,527,814; in 1899 the total was
$14,555,137; in 1E98 the record made was
$10,747,102. These summaries are made ud
by Thomas Magee & Sons in their Reai
Estate Circular. Concerning the sales of
1901 the Circular says:
THE fignres published In The Call
last Sunday in connection with
the weekly real estate review
showed that eleven months of
Henry. Kahn- has resold to the Sperry
Flour Company property bought by him
seme time ago from, the estate of Charles
8. Johnson, on the northeast line of Spear
street, 183:4 feet southeast from Mission
street, getting an advance from the price
Deeds have been recorded, completing
the transfer to the.Rlsdon Iron. and Lo
comotive Works from the Pacific Rolling
Mills of property at the Potrero, an old
transaction, for $550,000; also' transferring
the old Pacific Stock Exchange property
on Montgomery and Leidesdorff streets
from George , W. McNear to the * Mer
chants' Exchange. for $150,000. '
Leon Carrau has sold . ;to Walter A.
Green the southeast corner, of Geary and
Buchanan streets for $40,000.
.The estate of Annie M.;McCormick has
sold to Lipman C. Coleman 137:6x25 feet on
the north line of Turk street. 181:3 feet
west from Larkln, for $9700.
The Barikers' Investment Company is
about to complete the purchase of the
Blythe Droperty, in the center of the city,
by taking in the western portion, facing
on Market street,' Grant avenue, O'Farrell
and Geary streets. For this portion the
sum to be paid is $1,205,000. This makes
the total for the whole, including the
Blythe properties acquired previously by
the company, $2,255,000. This deal was ef
fected by Thomas Magee & Sons. %
The Nobman estate has sold, the south
west corner of California and Fillmore
streets for $42500. The lot is 87:6 feet on
Fillrnore street and 78 feet on California
street. ..• ,
Large realty deals are still the order of
the day. During the last week the block
bounded by Bay, North Point, Powell and
Mason streets has been sold for $140,000.
This is the site of the wire works. Tha
block was sold by the heirs of the late A.
S. Hallidie and others. The block is 412 :6x
275 feet. .
The coming year promises to be a good year
in real estate. While business is now good, it
really . should be far better. The year 1001
closed on a steady, conservative market that
has been absolutely void of speculation. Buy
ers -will only buy inside paying properties. For
three years past the only business properties
that have advanced. have been in the retail and
wholesale sections or along the outer edge of
the retail - section. We now believe ¦ that all
property will soon increase in every section of
the city. - It will not come as a surprise if the
total sales of 1002 reach forty millions. With
an ample rainfall these figures may be ex
ceeded. There has not -been as interesting and
instructive and more solid year in real estate,
without any excitement, than the year ¦ 1901.
There have been three periods in . the history
of the city in which the sales were much
larger than in 1901. but -these periods
were characterized by reckless inflation and by
buyers paying only 25 to 30 per cent cash, go
ing into debt in a wholesale and headlong fash-
Ion- with the final results -of terrible depres
sions, many foreclosures and I long periods of
fall In prices. ¦¦•-•.' '
Thomas Magee makes the following
forecast for the year 1902:
Forecasts the market.
others gave holders of them severe' cramps of
disappointment and caused great numbers to
take their money out of these securities and
ro back to their first but long despised lave,
city real estate. . <
SAN FRANCISCO'S RECORD OP REALTY SALES FOR 1901 IS NEARLY THIRTY MILLION DOLLARS
Charged With Grand Larceny.
K. Knaka, a Japanese window cleaner,
ased 20 years, wa* chargred at the Seven
teenth-street police station yesterday with
grand larceny. Knaka entered the Jew
elry store of D. Leland, at 2025 Mission
street, and asked to be shown some
watches. He was accommodated and
while the salesman's back was turned ha
slipped one of the watches Into his pocket
and departed. The Japanese waa inter
cepted on Sixteenth street and placed un
der arrest. On being searched at thV sta
tion the stolen article waa found on his
Bice Blurder Trials Set.
The cases of th© four men charged with,
the murder of George W. Rice on Octo
ber 11 were set for trial by Judge Lawlor
yesterday. ¦William Buckley will be tried
on January 20, Thomas Moran on Febru
ary 3 and Charles Donnelly and Edward
Duncan, who demanded separata trials,
on February 17, the District Attorney to
select the one to be tried first on that day.
he paid of $41,325 to $44,000.
Charles H. Ahearn has bought from
Marie Maubec and others for $25,000 57:6
feet on the south line of Bush street, 80
feet west from Stockton street. .
Jean " M. and Caroline R. • Gales and
others have conveyed' to Edward. J. Le
Breton the northeast corner of Montgom
ery avenue and Kearny street, the con
sideration named In the deed being $50,435.
Sales by Brokers.
Baldwin & Howell report that the de
mand for income paying properties 18
on the Increase and the difficulty which
investors find in securing what . may be
termed strictly first class business prop
erties is creating a demand for . well lo
cated flats and apartments. During the
last few weeks they have invested for
clients nearly $100,000 In this class of prop
erty. A sale was recently effected by
them of the three-story building, consist
ing of three flats, on the south ' side • of
Eddy street, west of Franklin, for $20,000.
During the last week they have sold the
lot, 62:6x100 feet, on the southwest -corner
of Eddy and Scott streets, the improve
ments consisting of eight flats, renting for
$200 per month, for $25,000. Another sale
was - consummated ! by them . this week ' for
$20,000 and another one for $80,000 of the
same class of property, particulars .of
which will be ready for announcement
within a few days. The same firm has
also sold the property on the east side of
Stockton street,' between Pacific and
Broadway, conslstine of a lot 36:9x57:6
feet, with two-story building;' the lower
portion being used for stores and the up
per for lodgings, for account of Jean Lo
•rang.to August Dietrich, the price being
$8000. In the Potrero district Baldwin &
Howell announce that they have sold the
property on the southwest corner. ¦ of
Twenty-second and Kentucky streets,'
consisting of a" lot 50x100 feet, one-half of
which is vacant; on the remaining 25 feet
there is a frame building, consisting '• of
a store : and , flat above. ; . The ; price , paid
for this ¦ was $10,000." . The following is a
list of, additional sales reported by Bald
win & Howell: ¦ - ¦ '¦¦. ¦¦":-
Lot on the west line of. Eighth avenue, north
of O street, .50x120, for $750; lot' on" the | east
line of Eighteenth avenue, * south of: H- street.'
50x120, for $1900: lot on the southwest corner or
H street 'and Eighteenth avenue,- 32:6x100, for
$2250; lot on the west side of Mississippi street/
north.. of '¦ Twenty-third, 30x100, . f or^. $500 ; - lot
and improvements on ; the . west : side 1 of • Morris
avenue,' south" of : Bryant * 6treet,*. -25x85, '..for
$2750; lot on the east ! side of I Sanchez I street, '
north of Twenty-flfth,- 28:6x100, for; $1000; lot
and improvements on the south side of Geary
street, west of Buchanan, 25x95.. for $3000; "lot
and Improvements on the southeast line of Min
na street; northeast of Fourth, for $6000; lot 17,
block 1,, Castro-street Addition, for 5500; lot on
the east side of Eighteenth avenue, south of'H
street. 25x120, for $050; lot 32, • Bernal ¦ Home
stead , Association, for , $350 ; lot and < improve
ments on the west side of Guerrero street, south
of Fifteenth. 25x100, for $2000; lot' on the , east
side i of Potrero ¦ avenue, ¦ south ¦;, of * Fifteenth
street, ¦ 41 :6xlOO, v for $1800; lot v and - improve
ments on the east' side of Harrison street, north'
of Eighteenth, 25x124 :3, S for. $2000; lot on the
west side \ of \ Nineteenth avenue,/ north t of T I
street; 50x100, r for . $1900 ; lot : on r the < east iide
of Nineteenth avenue, south of H street, 25x120,
for $1100; lot on the southeast ' corner of San-
; .N..^M.." Peterson, 'chief patriarch; G.'W.
Lemont," ; high priest ; ¦ W. t T. Webbi senior
and 'Frank /Carson- junior warden; ¦ A.
Hovey - recording ; and ., George - H. Wilson
flnanclaH secretary; J.:,F. Magee, treas
urer; ' W. i S.'-i Matthews ¦ first,-' J. A. Lopp
second.* J.^ Moody third = and < J.\ R.- Fraser
fourth x watch ; ; M.l P. Crepps first ? and ¦ S.
Hansen i second 'guard - of > the :• tent; ¦ T."
Mienecker inside and Harry Rogers , out
side : sentinel. *..'>-: '• ...
.The ' following officers of -. Oriental En
campment were installed: last night by R.
C.'Black, D..D.;G. P., assisted by a full
corps of officers, all In full dress uniform
of the Patriarchs Militant:.'. r .-.¦¦¦,
' Bessie ' D.; Munroe, ¦ noble; grand; Lottie
Carson, vice grand; 'Annie Baker, record-'
Ing '.. secretary ; Fred : ; Parker, 1 - treasurer;
Carrie Coffin, warden ; O. F. Gould, out
side : guard ; Bora Ostoff, . : inside guard ;
Maude : Hoi tzlander, conductress ; Maggie
Hovey.: right -• and ; Julia ¦ Dries left sup
porter j to , noble ; grand ;, Lottie Williams
right and Ada", Bernheimer left supporter
to vice grand ; Winnie Dowle, chaplain.
.'The installation was . followed • by the
presentation of a handsome diamond-set
emblematic jewel -to -the retiring past
noble grand, .Winnie Dowle, -and a-hand
somely embroidered collar to Mrs. Geneva
H. / Ashworth, the retiring noble grand.
She was also presented : 'a ,beautifuubou
quet,':tied with the i colors of the order-
Nile green . and ? pink. . Dancing ; followed
tho ceremonies. »
The first installation of the term of offi
cers • of Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. ,F., ' waa
held j last night j In the ' Memorial ' Hall of
the Odd Fellows' -building,' and being pub
lic was -witnessed by -nearly ,400 persons.
The I charming '¦ and impressive ceremony
yras^ conducted .by. District Deputy. Presi
dent I Mrs. V Floy ,; C Urquhart, assisted : by
her staff : of seventeen- officers. : The new
officers are: .r v
LODGE AND ENCAMPMENT
?;£ '!?:¦:: INSTALL^NEW OFTICEBS
f. Contracts f-i amounting^ to",- $19,130 - ? have
been let by N. L Vasilatos for the construc
tion'of j a" four-story^ and "basement- frame
; Flats will > be erected - on \ the ' northwest
corner/ of ; Haight •' and Broderick , streets
by Morris Slminoff to cost $3500. ' • "
?-,The/, San- Francisco "Girls' < , Union has
mortgaged- Its property, on- the j south line
of ' Bush " street, . near • Powell,", for ¦ the pur
pose; of - improving. ' ::.¦'•.: •• .....
s Hermann : Meyer will • build • a two-story,
frame ' structure *• on : the northeast | corner
of ¦ Laguna' and Eddy . streets to • cost ' $7100.
Among' /the Builders.
< Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold eighty
five, acres near Haywards, in Castro Val
ley,- for ¦ W.- E." .' Kerwin " to M. Marsh - for
$25,000 ; ¦ also 600 acres of stock and grain
land near, Ukiaht for' J.G. Roberts to:W.
E. • Brady for $12,000: • ; • ¦ ¦¦¦¦=>.
•'-" The -" California-- School ' of -. 'Mechanical
Arts' has: loaned ,$64 ,000: to Robert 'Dalziel
on • various , pieces . of ; property, on ' Mission
street, between Second ' and New. Anthony;
r> Isidor: Schwartz ; has ,- borrowed \. $20,000
from 'the Mutual Bank on property on. the
east : line . of .Van • Ness avenue,' near, Bush
street:.:", ¦¦:¦¦''¦¦¦ ; ¦ •¦—,.._• .•,¦-,
'.-Oscar Heyman has sold five lots on.Sil
ver : avenue and : Fulton street , for $650; a
four-room cottage on -; Twenty-ninth ave
nue and P street' for , $1250; a*, six-room
cottage on California ? avenue, near Vir
ginia street, for $2750, and a five-room cot
tage ¦ on . the east - line of *. San \ Bruno ave
nue, ;150 1 feet ¦ north '¦> from t Twenty-fourth
street, for $1950. . •. . v> >"¦ • '•'¦¦- •' •-¦¦¦»¦
Baird Estate Company to W. B. Prlngle,
100x137:6. on the northwest corner of Haight
and Ashbury- streets, $15,000; 25x87:6. with
two flats, on the west side of Fillmore street,
112:6 north of Fulton, 6Old by August Schaefer
for $(000; Emma H. Warren to John A. Hoots,
50x80 on the west side of Tremont avenue.
310 feet south from Frederick street," for $2000;
Crocker Estate Company to Carolina M. Han
sen, lot 25x100 feet on the south side of Waller
street. 100 west of Shrader. for $1600; lot 25x
65 feet, with Improvements, on • the southeast
line of Stevenson street, 180 feet northeast of
Tenth, bought by the F. Thomas Dyeing
Works for $2200: Mrs. E. J. Pringle to W.
Schwarke, three flats on ' east side of Broderick
street, 110 feet south of Oak, for $9000; -John
Willis to Hugo Urban, lot 22:6x114, with im
provements, on south side of Paciflo street,
«ast of " Leavenworth, f for $4000; for Samuel
Morgenstern, two flats, Nos. 1120 and 1120%
L*avenworth street, to Joseph T.. Senecal for
$5500; to Henry. von-Bremen for Mrs. Meta
Ecks.two flats, Nos. 1130 and 1132 Buchanan
street, for $6500; for Emily Cosgrave. the cot
tige, . 4214 Twenty-sixth , street, to Thomas
Kelly, for $1900 : to John '. C. Jordan for C. J.
Burt, cottage, 200 Twenty-seventh' street, for
S2200; tor Covington Johnson, /the northwest
corner of Octavia street. and Ron* avenue, lot
00x87:6, with three houses, for $10,500. \:
3 The following sales are reported by
Lyon & Hoag:
Other Transactions.
chez and Elizabeth street*. 25x92. $1200; lot
and Improvement*, on the south side of State
street, east of Douglass, 42x62:11%. for $1000:
lot on the north side of Carl street, east of
Haight. 25x137-6, for $2000; lot on the north
side of Fifteenth street, west of Dolores. 25x80,
for $1400; part of lot 4, .El Cerrlto Park, San
Mateo County, for $1000. and lot in the Bowie
Estate Company's Tract, San JIateo County,
for ?2000. . • • ¦ -i _ . h
The Building Review gives the total of
the building operations in this city for
the .year 1901 at $7,728,963. This is the
largest total. of any year since 1891. The
total. for 1900 was $6,149,807. The preceding
year made a record of only $4,710,909.' .:
building on the north line of Eddy street,
137:6 feet east from Hyde.
John E. Mason has contracted for the
erection of a two-story, attic and base
ment frame dwelling: on the southwest
corner of Spruce and Washington streets
to cost $17,475. -
Julius H. Berghauser will place a three
story and attic frame building on the
north line of Washingtorf street. 165 feet
east from Devisadero, to cost $7500.
N. Gray & Co. - will erect a three-story
brick building . on the north line of Sut
ter street, near Stockton, the cost of
which will be $25,000. .
Mrs. ; F. S. Spring has had plans pre
pared for twelve flats which she will
build on Capp street, . between • Seven
teenth and Eighteenth, at a cost of $18,
000. •• ¦ - ¦:¦,:.' - ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1902.
36
9y ¦-¦¦ ' '.' !•; ¦ ¦ . ;' : ..\v: •"•¦/" i ' V • ¦''-¦¦¦'•-¦ K-}'s - : ¦ ¦ i -V- • ; '¦ ', '¦ ' ¦¦V--: ' . ¦ M*' ¦,¦'¦
rS-T/ie Reductions . "> Is the great attraction of this week.:- :' : -'---- / ¦/¦¦:. --'^' -'¦¦ These Reductions
Are- so deep and definite, they are worth reading carefully.^ . Everything about it is so unusual we don't see how any^ thrifty >oman (whether she is in . Mean a substantial saving. Not-, one has been overstated.
~ — — ~ ~~~~ need or not of ar skirl, a waist, a wrap or suit) T can afford to keep from buying ' . ' ' " ' "- n ~~ - ~ - Vr» V r^V
f~ — ———? $3.00 Ones $i.95- l#'5i I nru tr s^ ?^JI-wool Suits $4.95
DrCSS SkirtS That means $3'°^ worth of;st y le "There's a definite saving at every ? -, point. "We're willing:to lose money to^ gain our end; .' j fl© 15111 XS» " | Real value $7-5°- Cheviot, in
j. — — o and tailoring and cloth for $1.95. straightened stocks and a greater" measure ofthe people's good-will. \ • i__ • "*••"'¦ -' '• 'o'- navy and black, half fitting jack-
More than we can ever give any other time for the money. Made 'Next: ¦''¦'¦ v / ; - . ¦ ',:-¦ ¦.;;.-¦ ¦¦v;^ : '"; .; ets. lined with silk serge; skirt is bound and also lined. One 6r two
from fine mohair figured, percaline lined; round the bottom is a -. Q5 V Flil V^C + ttt* I 5 tTl I t" " ZCS are missin S' so to close out what's left we have marked them
deep flounce, and water-proof binding. ' Black only. . ' >/lA 1/Cl^ O lllV L< I 111 1 L» ; , '/ $4-95 • jour "size is not here and you insist on being fitted,' we
All-Wool Cheviot Skirts at $2.95. .v We give ourselves just one .week, to get : in shape. Some said /'impossible," the captain must charge $^00 forthe alteration. _
IJ^^tflSZ^'^.1^^ Hegrith^ _ e^^kJ[s. lined with silk serge. .flare
stitched satin. . ¦' , - . -v ¦ . A^aill ' ' ' '""' i;; - / • , ./,.:..' , SKirt, gray only. ... ¦ ... Ao'r/f
, J 7 \ S 9 ?, re J\ Ski : r t sa K$ 5M -', t * ,,h „.' ' TiwPso:much|f : :CT«ltiing,^ : Yb U .kn W :weVe beeii.kSepihg theVI«raaei stocks in the A1I Jj£ ;0° Suits (^JPtJ^^/Li 8 ££i .u K h,d
u£FZ23ifag&£3£b£r&^^S^^ ..-. .: c ity. This is the first b^eak. It won^t^ast'long. ' ' - '- O SSSK S? ffia -^ M »' i '^
ir. a £££&£%. Srtn^^f 51^2^ .« -„, '%$*$£% ;; ¦> : : ¦.:.;•; . . \ : m Wi-M ,tl6:eo Pebble Cheviot Suits at $11.75.
of satin ruchinr all around, lined with nearsilk. . , You don't take a bit of risk This Wouldn't be'the P"Ood- P"OOds Store it is if we didn't make the All-wool cloth, with tight-flttingr, double-breasted Jacket, reveres faced with
Other Silk Skirts up to $75 and cloth ones as high as $15. marked down in ' , x uu uon l iaKe a 1 x x"s> .woman I De ine gooa gOOUS Siore II 15 II we aian I maKC uic p eau de sole, satin lined, tailor stitched seams, velvet collar, skirt with graduated
proportio r nf u * D - .. ., . bargains as safe as the Regular values. . ¦ . , . fiounce. -black and brown —¦•¦¦"---¦ £*£'£&&
n ' o .r v-x d> a " n '" ~" ¦• -i^ '.'.'"¦'¦' - ¦zS'iL $18.75 Suits Cbt $>l!2.7o. '**
T . *C,OO UnCS vB^.O 1 ?. ¦ T «« » . -¦ . • ¦¦ . ¦: ¦ T Of Si 1^ WnrtH (tR HO fli <ft9 QR All-wool cheviot, half-fitting double-breasted Jackets, with eton back, dip front.
£7f_ a. r*^^A.~ \^O 9Xjyj v^i«w^ v^-*.vO ¦' ;\iL7"^'2 -'A.^' " UI rvOni\.--.i.WUrLll.-:--vpO«V/V^a;--a.L-;.vP^«C70«. taffeta lined, strapped back and front, graduated flounce skirt strapped with
Port COatS.
O^-. . ail WOOl Kersey, tOO, Dngnt, . -¦• , ..,...¦,.. | \J{ VV UUl, WUrLl 1 ClL y/UVi Cheviots, blouse Jackets, taffeta lined and trimmed with broad bands of
pretty mercerized lining, tailored seams; black. It's a. fine starter ; Here are the best bargains |^ll| They are waists'you will all like-perfect in every par- $^&gft£^X%^^ at^ la pretty '*'«» aduated
among thc jackets.^ It will arouse much comment. ticulan They are as ¦ gQQd . {n and; makjng and ag s t y ii s has any waists you can find at fulP ? ? $10.7^ OlieS $8,OC;.
$7.50 Coats at $4.95. „¦ m prices;. but we're winding 'up the season. ; : -What's on handwill be closed out at quickstep prices. [ A firv C* nof f t h t t -J
All-wool kereey. black, tan or castor, fitted backs, shaped collar flare cuffs. *, J., ... . . \ - , ,,, , Ir , . , I— <U1IS£" VUClLSt Long Swell yoke COatS, Wide
silk serge lining, and six big pearl buttons in front. It's, a big money's worth at &*i GO Silk, UVaists at $2 Q^ ' £ 1 *>O Wool WafciTat O^G 1^^ «> *,*~r* | & j .
$7.60, «o you don't have to bi told what ablg money's worth it Is at J4.93, *p J.UU OLIK, YrutSIS Ul,p .i.yy. ,*. . t p l.JU VY UUl YrUlSIS Ul,y}U. A SkeVeS. Velvet COllar. Slashed
<iS nn R«v nnnie nf ff^T 7K • • • A" of Givernaud's taffeta, solidly tucked and hemstitched. : They are all wool, too; straps round: yoke.', buttoned In A , .. . . , ,° . / »«'*-•¦ wuai » ai °"^ u
tfO.UU JJOX L>OCbTS at/ #0.1 O. They have the . newest collar and sleeves, -lined, --and there is front,,new collars, and cuffs. We can't buy them as cheap as POCketS. As Stylish in the rain as in the SUn. To eet a bargain
All-wool kersey. 27 Inches lone, partly fitted backs, stitched cuffs and pocket, every color— black,- old rose, royal, red, blue, pink,- green, this in big. lots ourselves.- What a chance it is for you! ¦ f , ,. ., . J , . ,
as well as down the front and around the bottom, turn-back cuffs; lined with white, and every «»Ize. It's a bargain without a drawback. in this Sensible CO3t means a whole lot.
Bilk serge; tans, castors, black or navy. It s the best silk waist offer we know of. ~~ $ 1 .7$ lYdlStS <Zt$ 1 .25. ' ' «7 K nn ir~U. „-¦;-» W,7^« n*~ + o~+ $1 & V X
At ?10.0&li-wool kersey, box sty!,, yoke front |d back, pocket, cuffs .-» ...,- WaM , at nn , ' i |?^g||g^|^ " al5t - %!%!%&^$2} -»¦ f ">«¦» ¦—. « *>°?"« cap.,; «h,,, « pl^n.
. ~n > I^^S^SSffi^ P^^^^^SUl """^ "'" "
Sneets and Pillow L-ases. $ 10.00 waisu^$6.75. waists worth $3.00 at $2.25. c^zr~~~c 7 TT r^"- ::
-- -¦¦¦ . • ... ' ., , Fil l e EOft taffeta, hemstitched collar, tabbed cuffs, hemstitch- All French flannel, new collar and cuffs, tucked yoke with l^S llCV S VC Z\ ¦ CT
Lowest Prices We KnOW Of. - Ing down the back, front Is hemstitched in pointed designs; clusters of tucks down the back. Colors— green, blue, red * *¦* ¦"*^*7 ¦*—'** 1V*J C* K, "^ V^* - • ¦• ¦ -
. .. 1-UWCbL rntcs "t iviiuvv wi. black and colors; taffeta and peau' de. sole. ' ¦ . and black . •* >> ~ %J \J
(Read the footnote on Muslins.) .% - ¦¦¦ • ¦' ¦ ¦•' - ¦ . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'¦' *. j Were 75C and 85C
_ It .isn't the stew prices that make their isuch big bargains-it's the fine qual- _. <— * ¥-^ 9'j WT >i ! "> And every yard is pure silk. ":
s^iSSSS¥ioc Best Sale-Knit Underwear i^lliSESSES^"-'"^^
XSx?6 Inches and from a heavy firm muslin: 2-inch hem. Everybody talks about V We EveP Held* ' Several Pieces BfOCade Satlfl
:0c cbszs. but none of them we know of measures up to this one. - _ , ,.. — -— — — .. _ \ — — :- — In a rich cream, also Roman stripes and Pllsse effects: other, in" open-work
Bleached Sheets 39c Best Garments Made— —Plenty^ of Them— —Near^ Half Price rsn^tw^tnVo^^ife 1^ 0^^^^^^^
S3xS0 inches and hemmed: made from a good'muslin. 44c sheets. # 72x90 Inches. ; ¦ ¦ ¦ • . - £?n*i' T>t*>-nnlr*ril*J-T* ~4- CUT ry - 7 o »» n •.* ~~
«c sheets. £1x90 Inches. 34c sheets. 30 inches square. . Women's only O 1 ' ' ' — : ~— — O 9 UC -^^ r OiCb LtOttb at ZOC. 7oC OTld OOO SuitlTlgS 59c
, 7Ji PmowCaseMusnna,,4C.- |^^^BI|iBM| SisBlii S ±^m^^^-
xr^V^^w^ 0^ 6^-^ 06^ 1108^ 61^"^^^ r^ cotton, merino or-pu re ,Jobir: "- '- = I1.25 Underwear at 75c?- W$M Golf Shirtin* tl.75.
' 35c SHEETING AT 29c-H>-quarter width. It's a rare opportunity to save Enough of everything for every woman— no matter what her taste may be : , « , r i n n j,.,,,., r ¦ + rraV 50a fimiRrik nf, £Qr Was $260 and Si7S
money en such high-grade sheeting. We underbought !t. we undersell it . -and for about half regular prices. - gI '5° Underwear at 79C. , , „ , , /^L Th°»» stylish pSd-b!5k reversible rood,
' - ¦ ¦ O— ; O' A. yard wide goods; dark, serviceable so much In vogue now for walking and
\ ' ,,. ,. ,. : ' ' . ., .' "*.--" ' , .'.... colorings; all -wool — think of that! To rainy-day skirts. They require, no llninx
r^« 9 nn*^~ f T --^^«^ u .u C ° Uldn ' glVC . y ° U b< £ tef «" derwe . ar xf vou w ™* : to «Rular stocks and pa!d full prices. If you did you'd likely close out what', left we've marked It 23c JK5.?*S? r * Bl S n^ 1 »«^_5<>lor combina-
flen s Ties ana underwear, twc s nffht aIong at ?L5 ° is 79C in this saIe - or dolla f instead of^ ss iSt. t So^ c P h a^^c e e-Si T^
A SnecialMfferin*. We^er h^oWthinglikeJt before. Yet it's easy to understand: ,, «^ median
Broken Unes at broken prices! i Th f* ]\\ t 1 1 Sf^'tl He I Tc ThpJ t* Qif Pfli * 1 CT w^puY^^aSc^prt^o^Sem^c^ 1 PleCCS " e lc " : to mak8 ' them «° anIckly .
You're prcttj' apt to find something to suit you. It may take a little time. 1 -.11 W" IT 1 1 11 4^CllUd ¦ U& 1 Ilwli • * them-33c. ...
but isn t :t worth ;t? ,- 7 • ,« r . • t0 se " at a Ioss .- -"They wanted to thank us for business we had given them. We found the garments so perfect— of I 51 fTl til C f\\ I fWAH*!* Pf*!rAC
3.11 dUC J\ eCfCWear at <5OC' the same superior quality and _ finish as what we had in 'stock— that we could have made double money marking them * **f-f*^ **w L«v WWl 1 I lWvji
Tecks. imperials, band bows, bat wings, reversible four-in-hands— a fine lot regular prices and keeping still. No! a dozen times, No!. We saw the best opportunity we ever had to make new This is our clearing time— your harvest time. We can't promise you fall
of styles and colors; the last of the lot we had for Christmas, mo of them at mends tor tne store. - _ • *¦£ : . ", : ; " assortments— that's why we are taking this loss.
the last counting. - _ 3 5c for 5 oc Ribbed Vests. 5oc for 75c Ribbed Vests. $1.00 Decorated Lamps at 69c.
All This Underwear Now 79c ' - 68: for Si.oo Vests or Drawers- White and natural merino. and^ffie^fi^^^
Wool and part wool j^nnents in jrray and broxvn and blue. The pnees up , y OC for $1.25 Vests— Fine ribbed, white and natural; alsODantS first time 63c _ " ror toe
»jg$Z?^&^£m^gMM^%EM 7 9 c for $1.5o Garments-Finest Australian wool, white and natural. ¦ ..^^S^SSKL 89^ „ Mtc! ,
think of a size that's missing. • ; r regular %\J5 lamp; marked Ce to-morrow. » •* «• m» n»ica. uur
"^^K^ W & °Market St.,? . SJOC Tights at 35C. {W^^^^^^^^^^^^^ °Market St.,? ffl <»
tig &*ls£ pp. bo.den Bl?t these hal{ pr5ces don » t hal{ telI the story The bi^ est part of thc bargain in th ; garments themselves— Golden /fflf JSzl^ — •
GOO&Q>^^ • j. ate Ave. the quality, the finish and the perfect shaping. . . . ¦ %: Gate Ave. J==l ~^^^J!*PO£> GOOD&*-*^
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
fejp&SjgggSg^ S J!?*^®i-3fi5 taking * cleaning
rr^W*^ir iSrrzjTp-ri^ , , — , ! *yt -,. -~- r -_\ i * out, and -we put
J;T^«ri> g;^^M v^ rj'i^gsv^sgg^rr^j-' ; j jff^fggrjggS ; j U C U . M U U 1 11
{j^yjffflgjf Lg^g^^gfe*-,.! (||§|K^iS§£ °n sal e during
IjIpIm w^^^^^i WS53£< ior comins wee *
||||||g|j- jkj^Kfi ii|||§|l|f $I2- 50
|pSil£!f we«et p?®Ss§| Because We^Must
Have Room.
They are beautifully finished in Golden Oak. are substantial, and pre-
- . sent a very decorative- appearance. Bureau has German bevel plate m'.r-
ror and , three commodious drawers.
0I REMEMBER THAT YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD WITH US.
ML---"-";-: ; ¦¦¦• -.":- ¦ • - S