PASSENGERS:^
Georjfe -Xi. Field of Alameda.
J. A; Gray.
A.', Kotzschnur • and wit e. •
Mrs. Erlckson.
Charles Neif.'," .-.-. •. , " ' / "
Dr.B/P. Allen < and Trif e; ,
- Mrs. L. Johnson. ' ;
li. M. Hanselman. •• .
W. B. Moore.
M. C. Marsh. ;, ¦,'...;-. -.'-->
H. Erlckson and three children.
F. : McCrlinmens. • ,
G.'Pi! Spencer.- .. '
( 'li. ;m.'- Paperne.
L.Drnbe. '._"• :•",*, •
; G.Nicholson.
•A. Hanson. :
:C." IiaWson." , *..
OFFICERS AND * GRE1A/:I
f- : Chief Officer , P. Kilsen.
L; Chief; EnBineerGeo.H. Crosby.
' Second Officer F« Lupp. •
.'? Third Officer 'Gebrgre. Haldoon. , •
Fourth Officer Cecil Brown. ; -
'. Purser *E3. Ii. Xuttiunn. , ¦ ;
'¦ Stewardess Airs. Minna Reynolds.
' '/ A. Holmes. ." ' % .:¦ ¦
S.'XarlBon. ; . . .; - . .
I' v Joh'n VVllsbn.* '' "
John "; English. /
H.. Somen."-
E. Johnson.
R. Nelson.'
M.Haaye.,: ,,
A.'. Johnson.;
\V. B. Doirlan d.
W. J.Bartei.
•¦; J.'Rooiiy. ,.'
g; cove.;; - - :
;ui Gallasrher. ;:•
J. Calla'shan.
J. Council.
S.JMnrillo.
Frank Reardon.
John Shell; it
• ¦;-,P.' i Xausett- / ;
s I^j Halloway.
"T.-B.' "WllHams.
J. Q. Johnaon.
.George Morrison.'-
THOSE WHO ARE STILL MISSING
AND MAY BE VICTIMS OF WRECK
"*"~*?*flflHHBBBBBflB^- "
which may v yet ibe^ picked up , at
sea. " ' -' * i _¦:.;¦.. :¦}::
EIQHT BO ATS ; ARE %l i AUNC'E^n>l
'?. Eiglit^ofithje '^ailalWalla's' tenj
•boats were : launched^successf ully )
two beingr cirushed- by J wreckage
itiy the ) water, v' In ; addition,* six
rafts i were^thrbwri^-overbdard^
¦ of the collision and the last lurch
H UREKA, Jan. 3. — The
steamship Walla Walla.,
a one of the best known of
¦ the vessels plying between
: San Francisco, and north
" coast points, lies at ; the
bottom of the Pacific. * During.a
fog she was struck and sunk at
4:10 o'clock on Thursday niorn
ing by an unknown bark, be**
lieved to be flying the French
flag. An intend of thirty-five
minutes elapsed between the time
¦women : went down with the ves
sel 'Chief ; Engineer Crosby and
Purser E.;L.Nuttman are also
among the: drowned.
¦the Walla Walla was unknown
until V she loomed up on* the
. Just how - the accident oc
curred; may! never be known. Sec~
ond ; Mate F. Lupp was on the
bridge in 'charge . of the ship at
the , tinie," and he is believed to
have perished. It is claimed that
the 'French bark displayed no
lights and that her proximity to
Graft That^ls Responsible for the Disaster
Sailsi Away Lending Aid
lilllte^ tn thp ImnorilPn
W--UIC;;. IIII(IBI IIBU;
Ignores: an Appeal forl Assistance and
Makes No Attempt to Lie to and
» ¦ ¦ ¦ . .^- ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captain and : Grew Work Coolly? in the
Face of Death and Prevent; Panic, ;
on Sinking Steamship.
men of the Lost Vessel- Are Not
Accounted; ror;
SCENE HVD^ED
STEAMSHIP WALLA WALLA IS STRUCK AND SUNK
BY UNKNOWN BARK AND MANY LIVES ARE LOST
SAN ;FR ANOISCO, M ; S A-TJJRI) A: Y \ \#T&N U ARY 4, 1 902
VOLUME XC1.— NO 35.
and plunge of the doomed steam
ship, and in that time lifeboats
and- rafts were lowered and' most
of the passengers- and crew were
taken off.. In the semi-panic that
followed' the crash, however, some
jumped overboard and were lost,
while disaster overtook r two \ of
the small boats and many of their
occupants .were drowned. Other
•passengers and - seamen, injured
in . the \ collision or overlooked ; in
the ; excitement, went -down] with
the ship./: Out: of -ant estimated
.'total ?of^ 144 persons {aboard— -64
passengers' snd 86 iri^the crew-—
55 : have -not been accounted for,
and^of hthat Vnuraber at least
half are i^known to ;haye been*
•drowned. i ' The remainder of : the
.missing life grafts
The San Francisco Call.
v%i<$^vmlAftjsp^
at : Trinidad ithis; morning. . l^rorh
this : b6at J seven ".were ¦ drowned 'in
making [ a vjan'dingf. through the
surf. • Another ; boat, , : containing
fourteen;'; was ; picked I up by,; .the
tug. Ranger this : morning;;at 1 1
o'clock; ¦ ; The ; remaining - . two
.boats r came $ ashore '-; to-night : ; at
Big . Eagoon. -They carried fif
teen'persons.' The missing-' rafts
left ;th^KWalla; Walla ;in charge : of
'First Officer Nilson -'; and ' Second
Officer; Lupp.
| ; s It -'is^ known ' - that .the *- stew
ardess, oMrs several
Some i: of - ¦ the V;'. passengers and
crewj refused^ to go : in .the boats;
believing, it safe to remain 'oh the;
ship. . Four ¦ rafts ;and > fob r j boats, ;
witH ! their, chilled ¦occupants;,were
•pickeci ; up!by I the ! steam schooner
-Dispatch, ) an d \ another I in -{chargeContinued on Page Three.
STEAMSHIP GOES DOWN
WkTH WHISTLE BLOWING
Engineer Remains at His Post and
Signals Sound as Walla Walla
Sinks Beneath the
Sea.
EUREKA, Jan. 3.— One engineer, at
least, perished at his "post on the Walla
Walla, and the wrecked vessel went down
with her whistles blowing. ' According to
rescued passengers, shortly before the
Walla AY alia began to settle a series of
blasts came from the whistle. That some
man was still at his post Is certain, for
the blasts varied In length, showing that
some man" was at the whistle cord and
intended •¦ them as signals. Just as the
Walla Walla plunged downward there
were , two short blasts and one long one,
the latter ending only when the vessel dis
appeared beneath the, sea.
dry goods, 102 gals wine, 2105 piga of lead and
12,050 lbs hops, i .
THE Walla Walla had : done much
coast ; service in her : day.' She .was
built a collier, in 1881 at Chester, Pa.;
by. John Roach &: Son: for* thePa
, ciflc s Coast' Steamship-; Company.
Fori eeven years \ she Jlied' between
,; Puget Sound ports and this cltyi and
v ; as then converted' at .the \ Union flron
Works into a passenger steamer. The al-^
teratlons"*cost $175,000. ' '/¦
'.As a collier the Walla "Walla met with
a single ) accident, 1 running., ashore once in
the, Sound. Asa passenger boat' she rode
the, seas safely r until '.the awful disaster
THOSE KNOWN TO HAVE REACHED SAFETY
AT COAST POINTS NEAR SCENE OF WRECK
PASSENGERSi
A. B. Maclellan, San Francisco.
Mrs. C. Hustings,' Victoria. ¦.' '"-
Joseph . Roberts, ¦'¦ San Francisco.
Miss; Gertrude' A. Cadien, San
.' Francisco.
Mrs.' It. S. Edgar, San Jose. V
Mr. and ' Mrs. Jacob jaiiller, Se
> uttle. . ' ¦.,- .¦..:¦.¦ VT.
Mrs: J. L. Timmona, Dawion.
C. P. Swan.
3Irs. A; T.Shovan.
Dnnicl Iloynan.
Miss Williams, Victoria.
Charles ; R.'i,AVest, ¦ San Francisco.'"
W. P. Sanderson,' San; Francisco.*
F. ; W. . Daiy,~. Everett, AVash.
Theodore , Haifirht, Los Angelea.
Dr. E. F. Adams,' San Francisco.
Albert Meydenbauer,' Lakeport.
John Gilbert, San Francisco.
A. H. Sell; '
Mrs. A..F. Stream, Tacoma.
Captain John. Gilbert, San Fran
cisco. , , '¦
D. i Stern and wi t c. -
Mrs. A. Meydenbauer. •
Miss' Rose' Peters.
F. 1.. M. Smith.
T. XV. Stream and wife, Tacoma.'
J. H. Drown and wife. .
1). Larson, Snn Francisco. * '
G.'Helgesdn. • '
Victor Fara. Chlcoso.
R. N"e veni, San Francisco.
W. Duhler.
H. C. "Wilson, Seattle.
C. II. Smith.
8,:S. Le PrerWe, Nevada.
James Carman, San Franclseo.
. sprear.
Charles : Gleason.
OFFICERS AND CREWi .
Captnin'Andrew L'.Hall/
J.;A.*Reed, llr»t assistant engl-
L;-";neeri N i;. : ; ' ; ;«• "."•.:' '>¦.">> •.-'¦'.
Charles ¦'; Brown, : third assistant
engineer.' -¦:",..• • •.••:¦/'¦•¦./'¦•/:
D.:HoKnn,clerk." : : '.
H. Hatffflnnont,' second : clerk.
CeorRe Shivers," second' steward.
P.' Harold; Trater tender. "I".
Ja nieH^ Nagle, 1 oiler." i:'" r - :
F.'' HnuKliinnnt, oiler. ; •'
M.'MannlnB.nremnn.
:P."-G. Good,: fireman.". ' '¦ ¦
.McC.'*t<iii!Bran,".a 1 uartermaster.~'
; J.' Thorn ton, sailor. ¦'.;. :
O. Olnon, carpenter.
¦ J. nauniKarten.'de'ckboy. '• .'
P. Abramson, sailor.*-
O. Johnoon,' sailor. .- .
Paul WlsHlg, dcckb'oy.
S. AVillianiHon, bartender^
H. L. Freeman, waiter. :
G. Chapman, • waiter. .'-.
E. Searle, i- -waiter. ; • '
J.', Peters, ; deckhand.' ;
C. , Machlo, deckhand.
George nelss, Waiter.
K:1 Gibson,' waiter. •"
Henry Rehin, waiter.
Frank Larrabasteri,' waiter.
Andrew Orrego, fireman..'
J. WV Etteshank, qaartermastcr.
H.- HarriJi, steerage steward. .
Kd Marshall, cook. -
• John McCallam, fireman.
William Shinn, coal passer.
John Flan nn«rnn, fireman.
Peter Seholield, tireman.
A. Murphy, fireman.
Peter Woods, fireman.
Daniel Patten, llreman.
• M. Xelson, sailor.
. M. Hurley, fireman.
.W. Goldnmith, fireman.
Peter Xnnan, fireman. :
E. C. Gnerd, storekeeper.
. W.T Kelleher, fireman.
P." .C ' N lsaen.
A. Johnson.
E. Alexander.
Mrs. J. I>. Tlmmonf.
V A. Kotzschnar.aml tvJTi .
Mrs. A. Meydenlinu'.T
J.* Miller and »vir< .
11. Erlckion, wife - onil three -
. J» Hrown.
D. Jones.
F". MeCrlmmenw.' , . •
~j Jnmi't Cannon.
' & F» I3c^Jor.
fc V, • itlCUOIIIIEl.
FOR TACOMA.
John Gilbert. V . -:,'*i'*.-\.
T. W. Stream, wife and mother.
Dr. B. F. Allen i and wife. . „
J. W. Daley.
,J. nnnmprnrten.
John Flannagan. \i
Peter Schofleld.
Frank Hear don.
l\ Rhode. *,.\.
coi-jre Rciai. . . '
".il lie Iks.
George Morrison.
Mrs* J. Johnson.
. 13. F. A (limit*.
Ij.'M. Hansel man.
Mr». .Hnattugrs.
FOB VANCOUVER.
¦1, ji. Droirn and xvlfc.
A. U. Maclellan.
OFFICERS AXD CREW.
Cnptnin A. L. Hall.';
¦Chief Officer V. Xilsen. . ,.
Second Ofllcer V. Lapp.
Third Ofllcer Georsre Haldoon. -
Fonrtli Olllcer Cecil Droivn.
Parser E, L.;Nnttmnn. . _¦
Chief Engineer Gco. H. Crosby. .
First Assistant Engineer J. A.
Reed.
Second AsKlatant II. F. Potter. '
Third AKatntnnt C. Brown.
SteirardeftH Mrs. M. Reynold*.
Freight Clerk D. Hognn.
AKKlstant Freight Clerk II.
IlnuBlimont. . .. '• •". '
. A. Holme*. ; . *
to. Olson.'.
J. Carlson. • +
John Wilson.
Collier at First, Then
Rebuilt to Garry
Passengers^
PASSENGER LIST AND THE ROSTER OF OFFICERS
AND CREW OF THE ILL-STARRED WALLA WALLA
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itchlns Blind. Bleedlns or Protruding Piles.
No Cure, No Pay. All dniggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where It fails tor cure any caae of piles,
no matter of how Ions standing. Cures ordinary
cases in >ix days; worst cases In fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
is \'ci only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee no cure no pay. A free sample will be
K«r.t by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 60c. It your druggist don't keep
it In stock send 60c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
of. Thursday morning. She was licensed
to carry. 469 passengers, and had" ten life-'
boats arid five life rafts. , As a passenger
steamer she, was. unusually comfortable,
well arranged and. much favored by ocean
traffickers. ¦ v ¦ .
.' The owners value the lost vessel. at $250,
000, and , will recover ¦ part' in insurance.
She. was en route to Seattle and carried a
cargo | consigned to, British Columbia. The
value of the cargo, apportioned according
to, destination,: was as follows:
. To British , Columbia, $7361 ; to Montreal,
$7S34; to Melbourne, $18G0; to Curlew, Wash.,
$1723; tcTNelson, $2183.
The, cargo Included produce and mer
chandise as follows: .
74,130 ibs mait, 7375 lbs raisins, 4475 lbs but
ter, 1000 feet lumber, 15 pkgs arms and ammu
nition;'25 cs paste, 20,014 lbs oil cake, SOW
lbs oil cako meal, 5 cs canned fruit, 5000 lbs
evaporated fruit, 19!) pkss fresh, fruit, SO pkgB
fresh vegetables, : 46 bdls iron., 19 bdls steel,
, 14 kegs rivets, 217 lbs hams, 3 cyls ammonia,
1050 .lbs tobacco, 10 cs honey, 10 pkgs drugs,
27 pkgs lubricating oil, 280 lbs shrimps, 390 lbs
mlllstuffs, 20 bdls vire, , 8 , pkgs , varnish, 1 cs
¦ '¦¦•, -' • ¦ -¦ ¦ ' ~ ¦ . ¦ ¦ -.¦¦"¦.' '¦¦¦¦ ¦ - i\S-'.'*"-'\ ¦ ' '"'I 1 "¦'''
THE ILL-FATED STEAMSHIP AND PART OF HER STAFF OF OFFICERS, SOME OF WHOM ARE MISSING
. ' AND PROBABLY LOST, AND THE STEWARDESS. WHO ALSO IS NOT AMONG THOSE. REPORTED AS
. SURVIVORS OF THE DISASTER." ' • ' / '-
. • V ••'¦,.¦¦'•'. ¦ ,, • -.¦¦'.'.' ¦ » -.- -¦' i t-M
WALLA WALLA
BORE A GOOD
REPUTATION
GRIEF COMES INTO
HOMES OF THE LOST
Louis Herman Drube and Len Han
selmann of This City Are
Among Those Not Ac
counted For.
Louis Herman Drube, who resided at
14 Lily avenue with his wife and three
children, was not in the boat that reached
Trinidad.
connected with the Olympic Club for a
number of years In the capacity of col
lector and bookkeeper. He is an unmar
ried man and resided with his 'brother's
family at 18C9 O'Farrell street. • - £fyi
P. Nilsen, who lived at 263 Collingwood
street -with his wife and two little
daughters, is believed to be among the
lost. His wife has heard nothing from
him. •
George L. Field, whose name is on the
Walla Walla's passenger list, is a com
mercial traveler for C. N. Young, a
wholesale dealer in linens. Field is mar
ried and his wife is prostrated at their
home, 2250 Buena Vista avenue, Alameda.
Field sailed on the Walla Walla on
Wednesday bound for Seattle\on.one,Of
his regular business trips. ¦
Not a word had reached Mrs. Field at
a late hour last night concerning her hus
band. The suspense was very trying. .The
wife kept up her courage as long as she
could. "I feel sure," she said, "that my
husband is not dj-owned. He must -have
been among the saved, for he «vas strong
and active and could get around in such
an accident quickly." •
Mrs. Minna Reynolds, stewardess of the
Walla Walla*, until a year ago : made her
home in Alameda with the family of A.
N. Vogel. 2163 Clinton avenue.- She was a
widow and 38 years of age. She leaves
three children, two girls, aged 11 and 12
years, -respectively, and a son, 10: years
old. They are now in a private school
in Victoria,. B. C. .¦ ,-.. X v
' Drube, for the past two years, ' con
ducted a barber shop at 708 McAlliater
street and a month ago sold out to Jacob
Holcenbcrg, - having determined to try his
fortune in Seattle. •
Mrs. Drube was taking lunch with her
son Herman yesterday afternoon when
Elmer, the .second son, rushed in weep
ing and broke the news of the disaster
to the family. The unhappy woman's
grief was so Intense that the sons were
i-larmed and sought the assistance of
kindly neighbors to come and give her
whatever comfort was possible under
such circumstances. • • . .
The passenger llst'of the Walla Walla
bears the names of A. Kotzschnur and
wife, who were bound for Tacoma. Thfs
Is believed to be an error, the name prob
ably being Herman Kotzschmar Jr., sec
ond assistant engineer of the internal rev
enue cutter Manning, now : stationed at
Tacoma. • •¦•*'.
Inquiry at the office of the United Slates
revenue cutter service last night devel
oped that 4 Kotzschmar was appointed to
the service in 1895 and that he was grant
ed a leaxe of absence several weeks ago.
He came to this city with his wife and
for some time has been staying at Sausa
4ito. His leave was about to expire and
he determined to return. to his post on the
Walla Walla. The couple are counted
among the missing.
'Lennle ~M. Hanselmann, drummer for
the Cleveland Faucet Company, 202 Ellis
street.- <1s among the missing. He was
T. W. Stream of Tacoma and His
Wife Are Saved From Wreck.
•In the Hat of those who were rescued
from the "Walla Walla appear the names
of Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Stream, a promi
nent young Tacoma business man and hi3
bride, who were, wedded in this city oa
the 31st of December. The bride was Mls3
Leonore Kelley, daughter of Mrs. J. J.
Kelley of 5S9 Haight street. The youn?
couple were on their way to the groom's
home in Tacoma. They were accompanied
by the groom's mother, Mrs. A. T.
Stream, wife of Captain A. T. Stream of
the Tacoma Ship Building Yards.
The Intelligence that the ship which
was carrying the young couple and Mrs.
A T. Stream was wrecked reached this
city early yesterday morning, but it was
late in the afternoon before Mrs. Kelley
received a telegram from her son-in-law -
announcing that they had all been saved.
Mrs Kelley was almost prostrated by her
anxiety for the safety of the young:
couple and Mrs. Stream. The telegram
also announced that they had lost their
entire baggage in the wreck and that
they would return to this city before
going to Tacoma.
Mrs. T. W. Stream is a very charming
and popular young lady. She was born
and educated In this city, where she has
a host of friends. She is but, 19 years of
age and her mother desired a postpoue-
BBI3XE AND GROOM BESCTJED.
HIGHT upon the heels of a ferry-boat
sinking,' a railroad wreck and a fa
tal street car collision comes the
news of the wreck of the steamship
Walla Walla. At the best the in
formation received in this city yes
terday afternoon from telegraphic
sources was meager and most unsatisfy
ing.
Ban Francisco itself was enveloped in a
thick, wet fog when the report first arr
rived.. Crowds gathered around the bulle
tin boards, eager for news that could not
be furnished.' Men whose friends sailed
last* Wednesday on the ill-fated ship be-
Eieged the office of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company or kept hallooing
through a telephone trumpet in order to
appease their anxiety. The tension of
those interested increased as the day ad
vanced, for all the facts and details of
the wreck received here told but a small
fraction of the entire story.
Edwin Goodall, president of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, flrst learned
of the sintawig of the Walla Walla when
he reachea* his office, shortly after 9
o'clock yesterday morning. He was then
handed a telegram from the company's
agent at Eureka containing the simple
news that the Walla Walla had been sunk
in collision with an iron ship and that
Captain Hall with sixty' passengers and
members of the crew had arrived at Eu
reka.
Mr. Goodall was much concerned over
the wreck. "Our information." he said,
"is extremely meager, and It is Impossible
for us to tell how many lives were lost.
There were thirty-eight first-class and
twenty-eight secpnd-class passengers, and
seventy-eight in 'the crew, making a total
of 144 persons aboard." Of Captain Hall,
Goodall had words only of commendation.
"This Is his first sea misfortune," he said,
"and we had utmost confidence in him."
Hall Is well known as a mariner and
bears a splendid reputation In his voca
tion.* He was successively chief officer of
the Vmatllla, master of the Coos Bay and
of the Corona before being Invested with
the (captaincy of the Walla Walla. His
brother. Charles Hall, was the command
er of the Centennial on her voyage north
when she broke down and drifted for
days In bad weather, finally landing on
the Alaska coast miles out of her route.
I BOUT half past 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company received the following
dispatch from Captain Hall:
EUREKA, Cal.. Jan. 3, W02.
January 2. 4:33 a. m.. wind •entheaat.
haz" iron bark collided with ATalla WaUa.
No. 2 hatch cut to combings and 3 feet below
waterltae. Ordered boats and \lf rafts
launched. Port boilers blown, down- -Pumps
working when* ship foundered 4:50 a. in. Shi?
listed and lurched forward, sinking bow flrst.
Second officer on watch. Officers stood by
ship saving passengers until ship went down.
Saved: Crew— Captain Hall. Clerk Hogan.
Clerk Haughmont. First Engineer Reed. Sec
ond Steward Shivers. P. Harold. J.Nagle. F.
Haughmont, M. Manning. J. Flannagan, P.
Schofield. A. Murphy. D. Pa"on^ w J5?£f'
P Gocd. M. Hurley, A. Orregod. W. Gold
smith P. Noonan, W. Kelleher, M. Chingan,
J Thornton, O. Olsen, J. Baumgarten. P.
Abramson, J. Peters, C. Machlo. P. Wlsslg,
S Williamson. H. L- Truman. E. Searle. O.
Keiss, E. Gibson. H. Benin. F. Larrabaster. H.
Harris, W. Etteshank. Reported Janded at
Trinidad — Engineer Brown, E. Marshall. C.
Warhouse. J. McCullen,- W. Shinn, W. CLeary.
W B Smith.
Passengers here— Mrs. C. Hastings. Mlsa
Williams, A. B. Maclellan. Mrs. R. F. Ed
gar. J. Miller and wife. J. Roberts. Mrs. Ca
dien. Mrs. J. L. Tlmmons. C. R. West. W. P.
Sanderson. F. W. Daley, Theodore Haight. Dr.
E' F. Adams, A. Meydenbauer, J. Gilbert, J.
A. Sell E. Stern and wife, Mrs. Meydenbauer.
Miss Peters. F. Zu M. Smith. F. W. Stream
and wife. Mr». A. F. Stream. J. H.-Br»wn
and wife. Miss Milllgan. J. P. Farmlie. Sec
ond class — C. Larsen, G. Helgeson, V. Tara.
R. Nevlns. W. D. Miller. H. C. Wilson. C. H.
Smith, S. N. Leperine. J. Carmen, F. De Witt.
Others reported on beach.
Facts Recited Briefly
in Telegram From
Eureka,
GoodaH, Perkins & Go,
Unable 10 Give
Information.
Meager News Is Re
ceived by the
Company.
Steamship Captain
ires Home
¦ • ' i 11 J _
Ml PQ
Ullllu,
FEAR FELT
FOR THOSE
ON VESSEL
GETS WORD
FROM HALL
ON WRECK
MEAGER NEWS RECEIVED IN THIS CITY FILLS THE FRIENDS AND FAMILIES
OF PASSENGERS AND CREW OF THE WALLA WALLA WITH DREADFUL ANXIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JANUARY 1902;
2
' ¦'¦¦' : ADVERTISEMENTS. * '../:
SJieumatlsm
/ ;•'•¦ What is the use of telling [ the rheumatic
that he feels as'if his joints were being "dls*
located ?;;H^v|; '/''¦.:¦ .^ :
He knows 'fct , his sufferings j are very
; much like the tortures of the rack." ;.": : '"¦'} :¦ ¦.:
. : What he teanl* toknow Is what will per-
manently cure his disease. ''-¦¦¦¦¦¦'
! That, according; to thousands of grateful
" testimonials; is ;• .'' ;- '¦'¦ ¦'''. •-:•, ¦
Hopd's Sarsaparilla \
¦{ It ; promptly neutralizes tho acid in)tbo:
;. blood on which ' the disease ; depends,' com- :
* pletely . eliminates ' it, and i strengthens . tha ;
ey stem against Its return. Try Hood's. ;• : <
Stops the Cough
And - works off the cold. - Laxatl v« Bromo
Quinine Tablets curd a cold in ono day. No
Cure No Pay- Price 25 cents. •BRIDE AND GROOM WHO ARE AMONG THOSE SAVED -FROM THE WRECK j OF THE: WALLA WALLA AND
, TWO PASSENGERS WHO ARE STILL MISSING. IT IS ALMOST CERT AIN ' THAT . LOUIS H. DRUBE WAS
N-.' LOST FROM A BOAT. ''¦&¦$¦[ \'\: ?,:'"¦'..- S.
"When the vessel went down I was
Etruck by a heavy epar and badly
bruised. This, with the exposure, left me
In a very weakened condition; In fact,
"I went down with the ship. After I
had been down, I don't know how long,
the social hall deck broke off and I
floated to the surface with it- Sighting
e life raft I commenced swimming- and
succeeded In reaching it after a hard
struggle and was pulled en 'board by the
other three occupants. We floated about
nearly all day and early in the evening
were picked up a few miles to the north
of the wreck by the Eteamship Dispatch,
which was proceeding to Seattle.
Captain Sinks With THg Ship.
"We had about sixty-five first and sec
ond class passengers on board and about
163 souls all told. We had no knowledge
of the approach of the vessel striking us,
the weather being so thick that she was
not seen until we were struck. It was
very dark at the time and the uncertain
light Interfered to a great extent with the
rescuing of the passengers". I remained on
board, assisting them in every way possi
ble.
"In a few moments all the life boats
and rafts were out with the exception of
two which were smashed. One of these
boats contained nine or ten passengers.
All were thrown Into the water, but man
aged to board the life raft, which had
been launched a few minutes previously.
The second boat was smashed by striking
a heavy object In the water, but all the
passengers were rescued by another life
"Those of the passengers who had not
been awakened by the crash were aroused
e.t once. The vessel began to fill Imme
diately and she sank in thirty-nve min
utes. There was little confusion on board.
The officers and crew kept the passengers
from becoming panic stricken. The crew
was immediately ordered to man the life
boats and raits and an effort was made
to save the baggage. This was given up,
however, the vessel filling at such an
alarming rate that no time was wasted on
anything but the safety of the passengers.
I gave orders to have the port boilers
blown out, it being necessary to give the
vessel a list to keep the gaping hole in
her side out of the water.
little Confusion Aboard.
"After the crash the bark, which I be
lieve was a Frenchman, judging from the
l&cguage of her sailors, rebounded and
scraped along the Walla \Val!a."s side. I
called to her to stand by, but she drifted
away and was lost to view. I could not
tell how badly ehe was injured, but I do
not believe she was severely damaged, as
she struck us bow on. Though her for
ward rigging might have been broken, it
Is not likely that her hull Buffered mate
rially.
E'UREKA, Jan. 8.-Captaln A. L. Hall,
master of the wrecked Walla Walla,
gives a graphic account of the dis
aster.
"We left San Francisco on
Wednesday, bound for Victoria and
Puget Sound." said he to-day. "The
weather thickened as the night advanced
and on Thursday morning a heavy fog,
accompanied by a light rain, set in. At
4:10 o'clock I was suddenly awakened by
an awful crash on the port side, well for
ward. Second Officer Lupp was on watch
at the time. The housing, especially in
the vicinity of my cabin, was badly shat
tered, the main force of the collision strik
ing the Walla Walla Just forward of my
stateroom. My bunk was struck and
thrown across the room on my table.
The captain and the crew of the Dis
patch were very careful to give every
attention to the wants of the passengers
and their wardrobes were depleted in sup
plying cldthing for the unfortunates..- .
Captain Johnson was loud in his praises
of the women rescued by him. Two In
particular, he said, were entitled to much
credit for the calmness they displayed.
According to Captain Johnson, the women
were far more nervy than the men and
gave valuable assistance in caring for
the survivors as each succeeding raft "or
boat was picked up. In most instances
it was with great difliculty that the sur
vivors were got aboard owing to the
heavy sea running.
Women Display Heroism.
"Several boats and rafts were picked up
at different intervals, the last about 4
o'clock on Thursday afternoon. Some of
the survivors were badly played out, es
pecially those on the life rafts... 'There
was a nasty, choppy sea running, and
this/ washing- over continually, interfered
with the tomf ort of the passengers to
such an extent that many were utterly
exhausted when picked' up.
"Of the passengers rescued several were
Injured. One's leg had been jammed and
two others were cut about the head and
shoulders. \ Captain Hall was Injured by
a spar as the vessel went down. Several
of the women were more dead than alive
when taken aboard and with difficulty
were resuscitated." * '
"About 8 o'clock on Thursday morning,"
said Captain Johnson, "my attention was
called to a small boat which was manned
by three men and coming toward us.
Owing to the fog we did not discover her
presence until ehe was right alongside.
As the boat approached nearer the men
hailed. This was the first Intimation that
I had that a marine disaster had oc
curred. The spokesman of the party in
formed me that the Walla Walla had
been sunk by an unknown vessel off the
Mendocino coast. The party proved to be
three firemen from the wrecked vessel.
We took them aboard, and lay to the re
mainder of the day.
Captain Victor Johnson of the Bteamer
Dispatch, to whom a majority of the
shipwrecked passengers owe their lives,
was seen shortly after this vessel was
docked at the railroad wharf.* The • Dis
patch was bound for Seattle and left San
Francisco several hours prior to the de
parture of the Walla Walla. The latter
bteamer, being the faster, passed her at
Point Reyes about 3 o'clock on Wednes
day afternoon, gradually pulling away
until 'she was lost from sight.
Captain Johnson's Account.
"From the information I have concern
ing the rescue of passengers and crew,
I am not able to say how Targe the death
list will be, but in my opinion it will not
be less than twenty. A -number were in
jured by the falling timbers. It is cer
tain some- of the steerage passengers per
ished in this manner, the housing to the
forward being split into matchwood.
"Among the survivors few'were serious
ly injured, and while it may be possible
many were shockingly mangled those for
tunate enough to escape were. singularly
lucky. But few cuts and bruises came
under my observation and these for the
most part were received by the occupants
of the life rafts. While not very rough,
the sea was nasty and choppy and tne
continual wash over the rafts < was a
hardship, especially to the ladies, many
of whom were nearly in the last stages
of exhaustion when picked up by the Dis
patch."
we were all more or lees played out when
captain Johnson took us aboard the Dis
patch. - - .
Walla Walla's Injured Master, CarrTell
Down With the Vessel, Rises on
Wreckage and Is Rescued.
SINKS WITH HIS SHIP , BUT LIVES
TO TELL STORY OF THE DISASTER
¦. MEW 1LU WALLft IS STRUCK AND SUNK BY UNKNOWN BARK-
Continued Froni Pag-e One.
Continued on Page Five.
' '„ LEAVENWORTH."; Kana. . '¦'? Jan. - • 3."— The"
Leaven worth 'Light: .- and -- Heatins ¦ Company's
i plant iwas ; sold | to-day to I ReddlngTBertron : and
Richard $ S.r Storrls ¦ of j New;- York. - \Whlle ; no
statement '¦ of ; the sale • price was Kiven ¦ out,'' it
1m ' understood. to hava been T"W find Ifjiii Mhifflyi
From Astoria on December28 sailed. the
French '-. bark T.-Francls ". Coppe,'- bound ': for
Queenstown.'". On ; December 31 the French
bark "Jean •>; Bart,", bound '.for ? Queenstown,"
left 5 the ' same port. " At v Astoria are ? dua
,the t French .5 bark .iBossuet,;: 124"; days- out
from « Antwerp,*, and* the French" bark ' Du
quesne,'(123 days out from Nantes.".:" :
.; PORTLAND, Or.;^' Jan.' '3.— Shipping 1 ; men
here ¦ believe that the vessel l which was in col
lision .with the steamer .Walla Walla near Men-'
docino is the 'four-masted French bark Europe.-
The ; Europe left here : December 11 ! for. Queens
town with a: cargo : of ' v/heat.' • Under ordinary
weather; conditions ' the ; " Europe : would • have
been ; farther.- on .her " Journey, • but- for .-several
weeks ¦ tho ' weather I has been - rough, * and : It Is
.very; probable, shipping men say, that the Eu
rope was ithe vessel'. In " collision. '.* She , carries
a crew, of ; thirty men. , ¦-, . ' *; '
:. The. following- telegrram may throw, some
light 'on ' the ; conjectures as , to ; ,the name
of ;- the * bark, that?' cut Into the Walla
Walla : . ' .' ',¦ ¦ •- ' ' ¦:.'¦ ¦ . J ; .':• \ : -V ¦¦ \
: i The ;. general opinion ' among:^ shipping
men'lnUhis city is that the French bark
thatf ranjnto 1 the Walla Walla went down
*afte'r> theV collision Vor was so badly dis
'abled as to be carried far away from .the
scfene of the wreck. _ •
,Was X the Europe—Local £z
¦.\ ~ perts Fear She Was V- ,
Shipping r Men of Portland Think > It
CONJECTURES AS TO
/IDENTITY OF BARK
/The- wedding ceremony was solemnized
by -- Rev; 1 Father Lagan of the Sacred
Heart parish.- 1 The bride, frightened by
the. number of; railroad- accidents t which
have recently occurred; refused toitravel
by rail; She. considered It safer to go by
. water.°^B^^6BtgagB8flBfellBIBBBlBB|i- • i
T. W. : Stream, the young. groom, holds
. a. responsible position in the Tacoma Ship
Building Company. He : Is well known in
Tacoma, where he Is a member of a nuia
ber pf clubs and societies. . • . :.
ment'of the wedding, on account of her
youth, but • the. groom's impatient ardor
would brook no delay. The wedding was
originally set for last night, but the cere
mony -was .performed un December 31 in
order. ; to ¦ allow , the : young couple to take
passage on '.the Walla Walla for * their
future home in Tacoma. . ¦. .
was seen-on Thursday by vessel's]
imperiled souls, the fact remains
that no trace of the French craft
be guilty of craven desertion of
It was here that the most de
plorable incident of the awful
disaster occurred — deplorable
because in it there was no
element of that heroism and
hardy courage that seamen ; are
wont to display when the oppor
tunity is offered to save human
lives. Leaving the disabled -Walla
Walla to her fate, the ship that
was responsible for the collision
sailed off into the night and was
not seen again. Those aboard
the sinking steamship were left
to care for themselves as best
• they might. Possibly the stranger
craft, herself damaged, was un
able to shorten sail and heave to
until she had got so far that she
could not find her way back to
the scene of trie collision; but,
though seafaring men are loth to
believe that ship's officers could
passed on.
BABK GIVES NO ASSISTANCE.
steamship's port side and so near
that* It was impossible to avoid a
collision. The stranger struck
the Walla Walla- bow .on, well
forward on the port side. Re
bounding from .the impact she
then shot forward again and
scraped the coaster's side as she
It was in the lowering' of the
lioats that the first loss of life 6c-
Following the crash there was
but little excitement on the Walla
Walla, and here the heroic con
duct of the American crew
stands out in glorious contrast
to the action of those aboard
the disappearing bark. Officers
and seamen stood at their posts.
Boats were lowered and every
effort was made to save the pas
sengers. Seamen were assisted by
the cooler ones among the male
passengers in fastening life-pre
servers around women and chil
dren. The latter were given' first
place in the boats. Not an t>ffi«
cer of the steamship left his post
until the vessel began to settle:
Captain Hall, himself badly ' in
jured when the prow of the- • bark
crashed through the" "Walla
Walla's side, refused to enter 'a
lifeboat and went down with his
ship. . A piece of the social hall
deck, to which he clung, broke
off and bore him back to the.sur
face and after, a hard struggle he
succeeded in 'reaching a life raft.
* TWO LIFEBOATS WEECKED.
cruising in the vicinity to pick up
survivors of the Walla* Walla."
Apparently she continued on her
course, without turning back to
learn the extent of the damage
she had inflicted, or to succor
those in danger.
''just as the Walla Walla -was
settling' beneath <the waves : her
boilers exploded and the ship was
rent asunder.' Portions \. of the
woodwork were hurled a great
distance, and men who had at the
last : moment leaped - into the sea
with the - hope of swimming: to
one of the crowded life rafts were
either struck by the flying., tim
bers or carried down by /the
suction.. .
The officers of the '.Walla
Walla"; are able to throw no light
upon : the identity of the bark that
sank their craft: .There was great
excitement. on the strange vessel
after the crash, and tHe voices ot
her officers could be heard giving
orders to the -seamen; -> The dan*
guage spoken .was "French; ; A1-;
though \ Captain -, Hall, ; because of
the injury 'he .sustained : in : his
stateroom, 'which was, penetrated
by the bow 'of the bark, was y sev*
e'ral minutes; late in ; reaching - the
deck/'the strange craft was yetsb
Captain Hall believes that a
half-dozen or more persons went
down with the \ Walla Walla;
When the bark's i bo\v penetrated
the steamship's 'hold there -was a
crashing of' timbers,/ and ' the
staterooms in the^ vicinity of v the
point of contact were wrecked.
Some of the steerage passengers,
he fears, were either too badly in
jured to make their . escape or
were pinned in their quarters and
were .unable to extricate, them
selves. - , ¦
SINK WITH THE STEAMSHIP.
of the heavy seas. When at last,
there appeared to be no hope ot
further rescues the Dispatch
abandoned her trip and put into
port.
To the steam schooner Dis
patch and her captain, Victor
Johnson, most of the survivors of
the wreck are indebted for their
lives. The Dispatch, which was en
route from San Francisco to Se
attle,, was hailed by three men. in
a small boat, which/ in the heavy
atmosphere, was" almost alongr
side before it was seen. The; oc
cupants of the boat proved- to'be
firemen of the Walla Walla, and
Captain Johnson was soon - in
possession of details of the dis
aster. , He at once : altered his
course and steered for the -scene
of the' collision. For hours he
cruised about, picking up several
ofthe' Walla Walla's small boatv
crowded with men , and women
who had escaped / death an i the
wreck. Everything , was done
for the comfort of the survivors,
the crew of the Dispatch deplet
ing their wardrobes/ to
warm' clothing /to replace" trie
drenched garments of i those ; who
had ; for hours been' at) the ; mefcv
curred. Two of the small craft
were smashed by colliding with
floating wreckage, and a number
of their passengers sank before
they could be dragged aboard
the life ' rafts. "The boats - that
finally got clear of the sinking
steamship were buffeted about on
a heavy sea and one was thrice
capsized before it finally reached
the shore near Trinidad. Of those
who embarked upon it more than
half were lost. The survivors en
countered 'great suffering, -drift-,
ing helplessly for nearly thirty
hours before they reached shore
near Trinidad. During. that en
tire time they were without food
or water.
near that he could hail her. This
he did, asking that she stand' by
to render what assistance she
could. The bark's crew paid no
attention to his appeal, and -as
she' passed . out of . sight there was
no evidence of an intention to lie
to and lower her boats.
GETS 'WORD FROM- HALL ON WHECK
Continued ' From Page Two'.
"One of the coolest men was Chief En
gineer Crosby.. The last I saw of him
A. B. Maclellan, traveling salesman for
Murphy, Grant & Co. of -San Francisco,
who is going to Alaska, spoke of the
wreck as follows:
"I was awakened by the crash, hurried
ly dressed and ran" to the bow, port side,
where the. Walla Walla was struck, f
could plainly see the French bark lyintf
away at a distance of about 200 yards.
She carried no lights, but I could see her
plainly. I cannot understand why the of
ficer on watch did not see her. There must
have been Inattention to duty, else this
accident could have been avoided. In our
fcpat was a Greek sailor named C. Machid
He was the only one that knew anything
si- Ol rwi« t a T n< l WaS °£ grreat ««vlce to
S?U, C I* ta i n J ° hnsQn ,i Purser Stubbe and
srsstSrsUii^. r>ispatch deaerve
. E ; Gibson, one of the waiters, was on«
of -those who .went down with the ship,
Ogaln "* finalIy sot
"Some of th© boys awakened me. I
dressed fully, washed myself, rolled a
cigarette and went on deck. There was
considerable confusion, of course One
boat filled with women and men had been
lowered. Al . Johnson, mes3man, was in
charge. After all the boats were lowered
rafts were thrown overboard. When the
snip went down a mast toppled over and
crushed the skull of a passenger on one
of the rafts. ,
"The noise was terrible. I never shall
forget it. I was sucked down with the
ship. When I came to the surface I got
Into a boat. In which- there were four
men and one woman. This boat was full
of . water . and turned over. The woman
swam to a raft.
Blames Officer on "Watch.
Entire Family Perishes.
Mrs. Tlmmons, who was bound for her
home in Dawson, was one of the two
women who had to wear boys* clothes
provided for them by the ofllcers of the
Dispatch. When interviewed to-night in
the Western Hotel she said she found
them quite comfortable, but would be glad
when the ladies of Eureka, who had taken
her measure, should return with a supply
of feminine attire. When asked to relate
her experience she said: <
"I left the Walla Walla on the second
boat. The waves were mountains high. I
never expected to be saved, but thought
every wave that washed us would swamp
the boat. The men were kept busy bailing
to keep afloat. It was terrible, and when
the Dispatch hove into sight I could
scarcely realize that we were to be saved.
God bless.. Captain Johnson and his
yaliant crew. I can't say too much of
TT e J, r braver y and kindness. And Captain
Hall, too, conducted himself as a man and
a brave officer throughout.
\ :T .?, e m £ st la mentable sight I saw was
a little girl who kept calling 'I want my
papa and refused to leave the vessel. The
father, mother and . four children were
lost. - '. h ... .
picked us up. Moat of the passengers and
crew were scantily dressed and some of
the ladies left the ship In their ni«ht
clothes. - , •¦•¦.'¦
¦ "I wa3 in' the third boat launched from
the ship. The first boat contained three
firemen, who took a boat and did not heed
captain Hall's commands to .return fur
the passengers. The second- boat, con
taining about fourteen persons, was
launched a few moments after the first,
and then came our boat. I threw mv
clothes into the boat against protest and
then jumped on top of them.
, "George Reiss, one of the crew of the
walla Walla,' attached to the steward's
department, proved himself a brave fel
low during the danger, and kind and
thoughtful after the danger was passe.;.
To him I owe my life. I cannot speak «Tb
highly of Captain Hall and his officers
and most of his men. Captain Johnson
proved nlmself to be one of God's noble
men. After picking up the first boat tie
spent the entire day in search of the oth
ers, and did everything a good man could
to alleviate our sufferings and supply our
wants. His crew also gave us every, at
tention.
EUREKA, . Dec' 3.— Survivors of tho
Walla Walla disaster are all loud
I In their praise of the conduct of the
oncers ¦ of f the wrecked steamship.
They Bay that Captain Hall re
mained coolly, at his post, calming
/the passengers* and endeavoring to
get every one aboard ¦ the life - rafts. In
this he was ably. seconded by his subordi
nates. Considering the appalling nature
of .the disaster, it' is .remarkable that
there was no more excitenlent aboard.
Not until. the .Walla Walla began to set
tle, before all j had 'been' taken Into the
lifeboats, was there anything resembling
panic. - .. ' '¦'. ' ' .
The survivors encountered great suffer
ing before they were picked up. Heavy
waves Jwashed over the life, rafts, drench-
Ing , the ' occupants, . and there was neither
water nor food aboard. When finally
picked up the < women were utterly ex
hausted, yet during 1 the time ; ; the boats
drifted about they bore" up bravely under
hardships and, the uncertainty of rescue.
George Relss of San Francisco, who was
one of the crew on the -Walla Walla, gave
the following account of the disaster:
"It was 4 :10 - o'clock when the French
vessel hit the Walla Walla bow on. All of
the passengers were asleep when the
crash came, but they, soon rushed out of
their staterooms and. the deck was crowd
ed. Captain Hall went down in the steer
age and found a 4 family, of seven persons
fastened in a room. Two girls of 12- and
14 years were pinned between timbers.
The girls were released and the others as
sisted out of their, berths. . .
Lifeboats Are Soon Filled.
"Every one . prepared 'to leave ' tho ves
sel, the captain • saying she would soon
sink. Lifeboats and rafts .were lowered.
LJfe-preservers were put on and the pas
sengers were lowered to the boats. The
vessel did. not sink untif 4:45 o'clock, giv
ing crew and passengers thirty-flve min
utes to leave the steamer. : Sixty-three
persons were lowered/ and the Hfe-savlng
boats being filled the excitement grew In
tense among the remaining passengers.
Women 'screamed, and: men .and boys
Jumped off the . steamer. - Several, how
ever, did not leave until she started going
down."- 'The officers were cool and collect
ed, doing everything possible to save their
passengers.:. • - ¦ -.:- ¦ . • ¦
."We could learn nothing as to the cause
of the collision.- After, the crash the
French' vessel withdrew, leaving. the pas
sengers, at .the. mercy of the high sea and
lending no assistance whatever.
"We were drifting here and • there, six
ty-three of us, in . the • lifeboats and ralta>
for more than five hours. The boat I was
in had twelve survivors, two of them la
dies. One woman gave me a red shirt to
signal the steamer . Dispatch. .We were
recognized : and: soon were <- rescued. The
Dispatch's officers, learning of the wreck,
searched for the others, and finally sixty
three were ; taken ' aboard. The Dispatch
was bound from. San Francisco to Seattle,
but pulled into this port to land : the,' res
cued passengers. • - ' ;.•¦.¦
. "When the Walla Walla was partly sub
merged' both boilers exploded, sending
pieces of the vessel In every direction." -
Saves Mother axid Wife.
G. "W. Streams was awakened about 4:10
o'clock, on Thursday morning by a -heavy
crash, and- making his way forward
found the deck, strewn with rubbish. and
broken 1 timber. T. .. ; . . ,- '
"I went ¦ back . to the stateroom' whero
my mother and wife 'were," said he. "I
took them' to "the -saloon -and- soon after
ward placed them on board lifeboat No.
1. The boat was lowered before It was
filled. I climbed over and slid into it. We
pulled away from the wreck and re
mained for some time outside. In twenty
minutes the .Walla Walla's lights went
out and "we could see nothing more. As
we left she was going "down rapidly for
ward anu before we were very, far away,
we could ; step from her , deck into .the
water. * .
"We pulled slowly for Mendoclno light,
with a heavy sea and a wind - in our
face. We rowed hard all that day, but
could gain but little headway- with- the
strong, choppy, sea. Toward evening we
became thirsty and hungry and resorted
to : the hard tack which was in the boat.
No one drank the water, as it. was very
stale, and our - hunger • becama so ! great
that one orange was divided among four
teen. We were at one time from one-half
to three-quarters of a mile from the Ran
ger, but she failed . to sight us and - we
continued our progTess • in toward the
Mendoclno - light, hoping to . reach ' that
place ¦ before dark. . As ¦ the heavy sea re
tarded our progress," we were compelled
to 'lie in the open ocean all night. .For
tunate y tho.sea became moderately calm
and we passed the night without any ac
cldent.°;.aq&^3HS£S*«Mtf0MgBBRaptt0lM
"About ' daybreak we once more started
for shore and, had a hard- fight with the
breakers... A woman's red shawl was used
as a distress flag. It 'was hoisted from a
pole and at 10:30 , o'clock it : was sighted
by the tug Ranger, which came out after
a bark. • As soon as she sighted us she
left the bark, and came to our assistance
and picked us up and brought us in short
ly after 11 o'clock."
C.W. Streams Is the son of the well
known- ship - builder, and tugman who ¦ Is
vice president- of the Tacoma Shipbuilding
Company.';
Helps to Lower a -Boat.
. Henry Guihln , pantryman on the "Walla
Walla, says that he was awakened about
4:10 o'clock on' Thursday morning • by a
heavy crash.*. He dressed * and went Jiar
ward anci saw that .the steamer bad been
pierced a little fore of midships. Hurry
ing back; to his room he grabbed what
clothing he could and went out on deck.
"The captain v stood ¦ near," said he,
"commanding; every man to get into tha
lifeboats. : I let . down lifeboat • No. 4 " and
It 1 - was • soon < filled : with • twelve ¦ men ¦ and
two women, -and we Immediately pulled
away. There, was a heavy; head sea and
we; had -a hard -time; to keep up. When
far enough away from the > wreck to avoid
the suction':from'the ship we waited until
she sank.' - Then,, returning ,to the wreck
we found nothing but drift wood. It was
about " fifteen ' minutes ¦. after we" left her
when her lights -went out, and we turned
our', course -toward "the shore. -As »«
made . no \ progress • we . remained 'in- the
open ¦ sea " and > three ' hours • later^ we were
picked '.up by -the Dispatch.*.' __ ,
- Ejays Firemen Proved Cowards.
- Mrs. R.F. Edgar "of San Jose was on
her iway.i to '~ Vancouver. ; She Is ¦ a . news
paper; correspondentand writes under the?
name of^'Crls McJtae."." Mrs.- Edgar said:
•''.'Iiwas'readlng -my : 'Bible on:.- the -.night
of the accident; when suddenly there came
to me a presentiment that something seri
ous was;goingto occur. I got;out of 'my
bunk; and -placed i my - clothing -so that rl
could easily ¦ reach- it.- '; I :.was wide ' awake
¦when our;- ship; was 'struck 'and -the' bells
were rung; to arouse us.*; I was. fortunate
lnhavlng my, clothing, where I could eas
ily, find: it,' : f or I* had need, for it all before i
brave Captain J Johnson -of the Dispatch (
Occupants of Lifeboats, Drenched and
Utterly Exhausted^ Are Picked
Up and Cared for.
STEAMER DISPATCH DOES
SPLENDID RESCUE WORK
SURVIVORS PRAISE THE GALLANTRY OF CAPTAIN HALL AND HIS SUBORDINATES
IN THEIR EFFORTS TO GET ALL PASSENGERS SAFELY ABOARD THE LIFEBOATS
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CAIjL., SATURDAY, JANUAKY . 4, - 19052.
3
"To say a pleasant
word to anyone was
almost impossible."
"I. was troubled with female weakness for
eight yea:»s ; and suffered more than I can tell,"
writes Mrs. Gnst. Moser of Ovando, Deerlodge
Co., Mont. ™ My disposition was affected to such
an extent that to say * - ~- -
a pleasant word to f/j5S?15*55*3>'x3wj»i3S3
tions performed bv *S5fv!u^$V\SwP*'™iW^fil
one of the most skilled BESfflS|B8BjM|yfll|aM|M
surgeons of the West, MagaisSRIgvCTEg JftBHilH .
but did not get relief. riK^LSjuiaJl \t^' €y>cBl.2ij
Dr. Pierce's ¦ Favorite H ¦ J^ S
Prescription and H .'.
* Golden Medical Dis- ILLaMa^
covery,* and also fol- jg_ -^ L %%2r*~^ •«.
lowed the advice cfltfCSi ' #2£*^*^
piven la the Common |&/afci3 aoJ^&^
Sense Medical Ad- ? y^*^ ig*g$^-*'
- "I continued this
treatment for three
months, and to-day • ¦_ ..
am as healthy and V<^^
well as a woman can H^
be. . I cannot than t. \ J&. , ¦,
Doctor Pierce enough \
for his kind / letters \ V^
-Womanly die- \
eases, as a rule, ,\
tSn 1 ,"' because°of J^5|j§i|
the extreme nerv- * —^^^— fflWiWa
ousness and suffering they cause. \ Hap-
piness -as well as health is restored to
the woman whose diseased condition is
cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. .
After eight years of suffering and two
fruitless operations, three months' use of
n Favorite ; Prescription", restored Mrs.
Moser - to perfect health . This great
remedy forewoman's ills, establishes
regularity, dries weakening drains," heals
inflammation and ulcer^ion and cures
female weakness..
The Common Sense. Medical , Adviser,
iooS large. pages, in paper covers," b sent
free on receipt of 2 1 one-cent stamps to
pay expense of ¦ mailing only. Address
» Pr. R; V. Pierce, Buffalo; N,--Y,• W. B. COUTTS. ONE OF THE BEST
KNOWN HANDLERS'" OF' POINTERS
AND SETTERS' IN AMERICA. ON
THE LEFT 'IS "JOE" TERRY'S
"LADY." IN ; TrfE CENTEJr IS T. J. -
/; A. TIEDEMANN'S NORTHERN HUN
TRESS, WHILE ON THE RIGHT IS
CLINTON E.' WORDEN'S ALBERTA.
THE PHOTOGRAPH "WAS TAKEN
RECENTLY AT SANTA MARIA,
WHERE THE, DOGS. ARE BEING
"> PREPARED FOR THE FIELD
TRIALS. / ;'.•:. ¦ . "
Much interest is being shown by sports
men in the ninteenth annual meeting of
the Pacific Coast Field Trials Club, which
commences at Santa Maria one week
from Monday. The principal strings of
dogs have been on the ground some time,
being prepared for their important en
gagements in the Derby and the all-age
Etake. ' "
The men who make it a practice to at
tend these interesting meetings each year
will be present, and their ranks will be
augmented by many others from all over
the Pacific Coast. Among the well-known
fanciers of field dogs who will be present
will be: W. W. Van Arsdale, W. S. Tevis.
Henry Keller of Santa Monica, Joe Terry.
J. Kilgariff, Andrew Jackson, Jim Brown
ell. P. D. Llnville, Albert Betz. - H. T.
Payne, Fred Butler, L. A. Klein, Schuy
ler Hodge, E. Courtney Ford, W. W.
Richards, Frank Maskey and his guest.
Mr. Rowland of Nevada; T. J. A. Tiede
mann. Hugh Hopkins. J. W. Flynn, Clin
ton E. Worden. T. S. Van Dyke, J. A.
Shoemaker. C. A. Sumner, Ed Tufts. W.
O. Kerckhoff, John Hauerwass.H. Mar
tniis and others from Los Angeles; F. W.
Emery of Pasadena, Joe Banning of Cata
llna and F. J. St<v» of Fresno. George
Anderson of San Ztze is expected to head
a part>' from the Garden City. F. R. At
kins, secretary of the Pacific Northwest
Trials, will probably accompany Judge
John A. Balmer from Seattle and may
bring four or five in his party.
The dogs will be handled chiefly by "W.
B. Coutts, J. E. Lucas, Charles Babcock
and R. M. Dodge, the best known profes
sional trainers on this Coast.
All the great pointers and setters owned
on the coast are entered for the competi
tion except Clipper W, owned by Dr. Wil
son of Nevada. This is a disappointment
to the men who expected to see him meet
W. W. Van Aredale's Peach Blossom.
There was a difference of opinion last
Many Prominent Sportsmen
Throughout the Coast
Will Attend the Meeting
Handlers and Their Charges
Are on the Ground Where
• They Must Soon Perform
TRAINERS WORK
GREAT SETTERS
AND POINTERS
LACK OF WIND
SPOILS SPORT
OF GUNMEN
Ducks Being Undisturbed
Remain Quietly on the
Bay Instead of Flying
Scored- Limit Bags Under
Other Weather Conditions
Many Sportsmen Would Have
The absence of wind last Sunday spoiled
In a degree, what would otherwise hav«
been great sport for the duck shooters.
For some reason there were few men or
the marshes as compared with previous
Sundays. The weather was too quiet for
the blrd3 and they remained on tho bay
throughout the day Instead of flying in
land or seeking the baited ponds on th«
preserves. Had the weather conditions
been more favorable the majority of the
men would have secured the limit. As it
was everybody on the marshes secured
a Teal are unusually numerous on th«
marsh along the lower bay. Sprig are
also numerous. The spoonbills secured
last Sunday were thin, aa though they
had come a long distance.
The members of the Field and Tule Club
would have had a record shoot last Sun
day if there had been anywlnd stirring to
keep the ducks moving 1 . The day was cold
and the birds kept to the bay. "Johnny '
Coleman killed 44. H. I*. Miller 43. H. B
Hosmer 37, A. M. Shields 27. Frank Bell
32. J. Homer Frltch 27. Artnand de Cpur
tieux, a guest of F. H. Bushnell killed
forty-seven, while Mr. Bushnell could
bring down but three.
On Wednesday the members opened the
new year auspiciously: J. J. Wlrtmer
killed 20, F. H> Bushnell 46.. E. E. Drake
1?. A. M. Cummins 43. 1+ Harrison 5, L.
Harpham 24 and Dr. A. T. Derby 45.
1 Louis Cuneo killed nineteen "cans" at
San Pablo last Sunday. "
• Donald McRae secured the limit near
Mount Eden last Sunday. "Fete" McRae
killed twenty-five at tho same place.
Achille Roos and H. B. Hosmer spen*
Xew Year's day at the former's Sat
Pablo preserve. They each secured the
limit allowed by law. Mr. Roos secured s
splendid bag of fifty "cans" last Sunda>
on the same preserve.
F. M. Haight and Frank Ireland spent
FIELD TRIALS DOGS AT SANTA MARIA
THE SA1S JFEANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY- JANUARY 4, 1902;
Handball Champions in Action.
The handball experts who will meet In
facial matches to-morrow imSan Fran
s=co Court areas follows: - \ ¦•
W. Williams and P.. Ryan vs. D. Connelly
and M. Joyce; D. R^an and M. Klrby vs E
Barry and I'. F«io; D. McDonald and P. Mcln
tyre vs. M." McLeod and , G. McDonald; "W.
Walsh 'and H. ,H.- I.lsaner vs. ,W. Kavanaugh
and R. Long-abacii: E. White and J. Glynn vs
Ti.- RegU and;A.tWMtcs>an: E..Maloney and a'.
l'eunoyer vs. M. Dillon and fl. Hutchinson; J.
Ktordan anJ J.- Harlow vs. . E. ' Curley and M.
J. XUgallon; J. C. Xoalon and U. Llmhan vs.
A. Hampton- and J. Fitzperald; J. White and
B. Murphy vs. J.' Collins and W. Magulre.
Members of Ariel Sowing Club Will
Give Their Annual Entertain
ment Monday Night.
The Alameda Boating Club held a
Christmas Jinks for members In the boat
house last Saturday night. The election
of officers will take place on Tuesday, the
lith Ir.et. ,
On Monday night the 'Ariel Rowing Club
will hold its annual jinks and installation
of officers In the San Francisco Cadets'
Hall, McAllister street. A programme of
vocal and instrumental numbers has been
prepared, and there will also be some box
ing bouts. Members of the various row
ing clubs on San Francisco Bay have
lx'en invited to - be present. -- .
.Tfctr • Dolphin Rowing Club will hold its
annual banquet at a downtown restau
rant on Saturday, the Sth inst. /Accord-
Jug to the usual custom, the newly elected
officers will be installed. •'
The South End Rowinjr Club members
feeling eecure in their quarters for eiijht
rrn months to come, will arrange a hand
ball tournament to keep up the interest
n( members until it is time to begin pre
paring barge crews for the n«xt rowing
season. - . ,. , '„ :. ;
OARSMEN HOLD JINKS
AND INSTALLATIONS
Will Tramp Over Marin Hills.
William Grcer Harrison, president of
the Olympic Athletic Club, will set a good
example to the younger members of the
club one week from to-morrow. He has
expressed the intention of accompanying
those members who go -on the 'cross
country walk to Bolinas on that day.
Dr. Washington Dodge and other "old
time members -will be of the party. Tha
pedestrians will leave thia city on the $
a. m. boat and will travel to Ross Station.
From there they will walk to the Summit
House, where luncheon will be enjoyed.
Captain George James will be in charge
of the -outing. There will be no running
and no prizes, except the prize appetites
which are expected to be- developed in the
open air.
the Corinthians must be up and doing,
if they are to keep all their honors. Ha
also said the success of the Corinthian
Club is due to the harmony and good fel
lowship that have been characteristic of
the club since Its foundation. "Vice Com
modore E. F. Sagar. who will be elected
commodore at the annual meeting on the
29th inst., made a good speech, touching
on club politics and urging the members
to do- their duty aa voters. The dinner
was one of the most successful ever given
in the Tiburon clubhouse,, and was under
the capable management of Port Capt**«»
John H. Keef e. PHnaMIV.
The California Yacht Club has for a
long time past found the distance of its
anchorage from the open waters of the
bay a serious drawback, and the members
hope to secure In time for the opening of
1 the season a location at' the mouth of
Oakland Creek, where the yacht3 may be
moored safely. During the winter- they
will be laid up either in Oakland Creek or
San Leandro Bay. If In the latter place
a shed will be erected for the storage of
spars, sails and. other equipment, so tht
boats may be outfitted there at the open-
Ing of the season.
;- — ¦ • ¦ — '
MADRID. Jan. 3.— The treaty of friendship
between Spain and ¦ the United States having
been examined by the Cabinet wiU now b» sub
mitted to the Supreme Council of JBtata.
'.-«''...-• ... ¦ r ••¦'¦¦. »
The tie for first place in the New
Year's "day handicap of the San Francls
co Golf 'Club, between' Warren Gregory
and Captain p. j, Rumbaugh," both , of
whom made -net 'scores ol 171 • for the
thirty-six holes,- will: be played ,off to-day
over eighteen holes. ."¦.-. Captain ¦:' Rum
baugh'.s handicap : being/ltt tor thirty-six ;
holes and Warren Gregory's being lJ,.j
Captain ¦ Rumtja'ugh .'will /receive two I
strokes on two rounds. The winner 1 ' v.v-11 !
take thtf-tirst prize nnd the .loacr.- socund i
prize. • The.. third *.' prize: was won ¦ by \
Charles 1'age with a score ot 133 less. 12—
173. -'.¦.¦:;. . ¦', , -¦•:¦:
Three contest? were played en the pre
Bldlo , links ; on New . iff ai^'s . day. twenty
tix .competitors handing": in 1 scores.: Uf
tho-totai number three,'. B.' D." Adair,3on,
K. Eddy und R. I. Bentlcy, played - the
lirs-t two rounds only, whlon wero fbr-the
Liverpool KQld medal. - Four, competitors,
E.*: N. Bee, Major. Charles ChriRtengen,
T.-H.. Beaver, and Rolla V. AVatt.' played
the last .,t wo rounds, only Xov. tt\e -Liver-'
pool, silver medal. _¦ . ;• . . . >¦'...,,
: On Monday evening, beginning at 9:30, '
tho qualifying round3 over eighteen holes,
medal play. lor the fifth compeUtion J for
the Council's cup.'for ladies .of , the" Ban
¦ Francisco * Golf Club, -will beplaved on 1
Oie Prosiuio liiika. The eight ladies -who
hand in i the lowest , scores will bo • entitled
to enter the' first' match^ play round,'
tvhich .will: take . place >cn AVedneailay, 3
January^, beginning at 3:20, n: m. - The
four winners w in "the opening --round
will play in the . second ¦ or - semi-final
round-ori: Friday "-morning, . January • lo
beginning at.the same hour. The- finai'
round in the.' same competition will be
played <on; Monday,- January ;13.,; Entries
muat be made' hot later than - 6 ' o'clock
this rat 'the -clubhouse, v- As the
ladies' cup becomes the permanent prop
erty - of ' the lady - who first , wins it three'
times.', and two fair golf era; Mrs. R/ G
Brown and "Miss Alice. -C V V Hoffman, al
reudy» have two victories; aplede' to 'their
credit, 1 it is expected this competition will
dtcide the ownership of •. the trophy
sThere is again tal«: of laying, out 'a* golf
course L .3 ill Uo.lden Gate Park. . ' The pub
lic lawn tennis courts have, .'proved -•o
creatian attraction! that on fino days all
thecourts are^ occupied by players It
is • likely .: a golf ; course - would : prove "quit"
¦ as great an attraction as the lawn tennis
courts, -and it is said that * suitable • land
forja- course can be- found in the city's
pleasure 1 ground. ; . ,.?:.•¦'• '¦-, --,*,:
.- * William >Johristone . of the : San Fran
cisco Golf; Club says ii= would 'be possible
tolay^outat least" six holes without any
great. outlay. :.1 he town of. Bournemouth
in . Engjand, 1 .has* public links,; which are
much i used : by.! visitors,^ and ,in -Scotland
! golf, '!' so -far . from ,t being .almost wholly
confined to rich? people, as istthe casein
the ; United SUtes.ris • played by every
body. 1 A There fare •;. some ¦* public - linka In
'American cities. . •
i-vr - •;-.. .., •-...¦...-.
A matter- of 'much Interest to yachts
mtn all over the bay of San Francisco ts
bcing,dlscussed. It 13 well known there Is
no safe winter anchorage on the bay, Sau
ealito being exposed to the force of south
easterly storms and Tiburon Cove -to
southv/esterly, gales. The California
yachts are safe in Oakland Creek, ; but
Corinthian" and < San ' Francisco owners
must out their- craft into the lagoon be
hind Tiburon. This la a job of some diffi
culty* ami- even a Httle' danger, as the
boat.s have -to be towod in -through the
narrow opening ¦ made by raising the
drawbridge. Every year minor accidents
befall the, yachts, and it is only by thej
exercise of great' care that, serious onea
are 'averted. . ' .
It is n. well-known fact that San Fran
cisco Bay has not received as large appro
priations f rum Congress as many other
sea ports' of the United States; 'and it Is
proposed- to make a strong effort to se
vuru an appropriation for me dredging of
Tiburon Cove to' make > It a safe harbor
of refuge at all times of the year for
tmall craft. ;
a Tiburon is becoming; & bay port of some
importanco for schooners carrying lumber
and other ¦: cargoes. .'The inhabitants of
Belvedere and Tiburon and the California
Northwestern Hallway - officials > are
strongly in favor of the, project. -.A peti
tion has already been prepared, which will
be placed In the hands of the California
Congressmen, for presentation to the
HoU&e of Representatives.- This is a mat
ter in -which -all owners : of small craft
trading - schooners, \ • launches, arks and
yachts are interested and is expected to
meet with general support. ~
To make a safe harbor it will be neces
sary to dredge the mud out to a uniform
depth and, erect i a "mole stretching out
from Belvedere. Point to keep the mud of
the upper ,bay. from "accumulating and
filling the cove again. ¦:¦¦--..
rAt the annual .New Tear's day* dinner
of the Corinthian Yacht Club the large
hall of tho 1 Tiburon clubhouse was hand
somely decorated with', prize and signal
flags, green leaves and red berries. Over
the fireplace were, set the- Macdonough
and Interclub Association cups, won by
the Corinthian yachts Aeolus, Edna and
The/cooks and waiters included F E
Sohober, W. H: Westerfeld, J. C. Brlckell*
Charles Gerlach, W; F.' .Fisher T F
Tracy. L.« B.' Chapman, E.Kolb, C. Bar
rett. D. McLaughlin and. Walter Crowell
Commodore H. D. Hawks made an excel
lent president, though the presentation of
a handsome pair of marine binoculars - to
him by, ex-Port Captain H.'Ej.Pennell. <jn
behalf of the club, almost knocked him
out for a time. ..
'3**% 'cppinjo-dore alluded to the Crownln
shield boat,;, now. nearly ready to be
launched^by a syndicate of .members of
the -San, Francisco Yacht Club, and said
Fourteen fast coursers are entered in
the Inaugural stake, which is on the card
as a special event for to-morrow's attrac
tion at Union Coursing Park.
The stake Is for greyhounds of class and
has' on its list of entries coursers that are
recognized as champions. ' .
Albert R. Curtis' kennel, it is figured,
has an excellent chance of running one,
two, in the event. The fast' young repre
sentative Rector, to ail appearances, is.
the strongest ' candidate for final honors
and should run the deciding course with
his kennel mate Chart a.
While the stake looks, to the admirers
of vhe Curtis dogs a presentation to that
kennel, the other -candidates for honors'
axe not without good backing. The.-win
ner of the, last Futurity, Cold Shivers, is
a dangerous opponent in any company,
and Freeze Out, his clever sister, has
Ehown her worth against the crack per
formers in many stakes. Wedgewood, is
running In first-class form' and it will not
cause great surprise if he shows the way,
in the contest for the final flag to the Cur
tis kennel aspirants for honors.
With his fast hound Tiburon D. J.
Healey figures to get within the big
money, at least. , and expects to have his
courser a contestant in the day's . last
trial.
Honors in last year's Inaugural were j
won by Eugene Geary's champion, Palo
Alto, and that speedy traveler kept up his
,rapid pace throughout the year and
earned the season's laurels.
During the stake Palo Alto met and de
feated in turn Narcissus, Flying Fox and
Beacon, the Curtis kennel. cracks, and
wound up his clever work , by beating D.
J. Healey's Lady Clare in the hnal.
Coursing enthusiasts will miss Palo -Alto
in . this year's event. While in- training
for the stake the chamnion fell over an
embankment near the Cliff House and re
ceived injuries that will necessitate his'
withdrawal from the game for some time.
Mike Walsh- of - Benicia ha3 been sus
pended by the Pacific Coursing Club of
Stockton hecause of alleged ill treatment
of his dogs. The club has notified the Cal
ifornia Coursing Committee of the suspen
sion and asks that that body ratify, it3
action. Thunderbolt, a. greyhound run by
Walsh In last Sunday's stake, died on
Monday under, what the club declares
suspicious' circumstances. ; ' \Valsh* denies
that he , was in any way responsible for
the. dog's death, which he says ,was due to
natural causes. 1 •
Sacramento Boy has .been withdrawn
temporarily from active coursing and will
be bred to .M. C- Delano's Brilliantlne
Delano owned Sacramento 'Boy. but nre
sented.him when' a puppy to Walsh and
Hee.ian of the' capital: city.' He has al
ways been an admirer of the fast dog as a
courser and will experiment with him as
a breeder. . ¦ , ¦ • ¦ ¦ - -...-- - . .
Albert Curtis has in his kennel a, lot of
youngsters by Beacon-The ¦ Fram, from
which he expects several" stake ¦; winners;
dBBiMMMlittJfcBJ^ ' " ¦¦¦y.v-' - ¦
J. J. Moore, acting master of the ; San
Mateo County Hunt, has issued the fol
lowing schedule of fixtures for the pres
ent month, showing the two days in each
week when the hounds will meet: ' '
Saturday, January 4. 2:110 p. m., Tanfcran
Park, San Bruno; -Wednesday, January «,
2:30 p. m., Crystal Springs Dam (North Side);
Saturday, -January 11, 10:30 a.- m., Moor
meads, Fairoaks; Wedricsday, January 15,
2:30 p. m. t Reed's School, Belmont; Satutday,
January 18, 2:30 p. m.. Sixteen-mile House,
San Jose road: AVednesday, January 1 22," 2:30
p. m?, Old Tollgate, Spanishtown road; Satur
day, January 25, 2:30 p. m'., Cross ways, Burl
ir.game; Wednesday, January . 20, 2 :!J0 p. m.,
Spring Valley Cottage, Upper Crystal Springs
Lake. ¦ . ¦ . .. ' ¦ • '-.' ¦-' .'•;¦ ' • ., :':'¦.'.-]':'
The hounds are in excellent -condition
just now, and with some rain, to soften
the ground after the recent north, -wind
excellent sport should, be, enjoyed. The
fields are not as large as they should • be
when all conditions of country and fences
are taken into consideration. - On , New
Year's day several good horsemen cast in
their lot with the golfers instead of- with
the hunt. . - , .
The outlook for polo at Burlingame-is
not promising. Charley Dunphy, Tom
Driscoll and Walter '- Hobart have an
nounced themselves "as : out of the game
for this season. The polo field is carpeted
in green and Is in excellent condition for
play. The ? ma jorlty of the ponies, have
been turned out and are shaking with fat.
San Mateo Drag Hounds Are
in Condition - to Afford
Sport of .Highest Class
Tennis Experts Will Meet
To- Morrow to. Decide the
Handicap Singles Matches
The last important event, of the, winter
season of tennis will be the open class sin
gles tournament,', scheduled for Washing
ton's birthday.
. The tournaments held during the' past
two months, have brought out a : larger
number of players tlian ever before on- the
coast. The Christmas; tournament' broke
all records, there, being forty .. men en
tered; •- \ :¦ \ j ; ; .•'.¦ . ! . , ¦ ...-..
• ' The tournament held On "Wednesday, be-'
ing open to club members only, "brought,
out twenty-seven players and some inter
esting matches resulted. A 1 straight han
dicap singles tournament is, the leas'.
.popular- and mos\ unsat.sfactory of- all !
events'in tennis. ' A' scratch man by the j
hardest kind of -work beatstbe limit- man!
with -an allowance of "half, forty.". ,Wlih t
this handicap each game must necessarily'
be a deuce game. 'Afteiv throe long: eels'
the scratch man is ¦ again cuiled Upon to
give a large handicap. By the time ho
has; won two-such matches he' Is -so. fa
tigued he: has .absolutely no, 'chance of
"winning. ... ."Victory *-•; usually ; > goes -. to • a
handicap iipan, "\ who, ' aided \ by' his odd?,
invariably wins his matches without difll
culty: Thustho handicap singles tourna
ment ;¦ becomes a- teat of ; endurance -'and'
not of skill," with the odds . alt in favor.
Of the- poorer player. ¦ -,-. '. ; ¦' - »•
. Four of the best -.players In the tourna
ment are left to play in the semi-flnals to
morrow: R. N.. Whitney will allow Will
Allen odds of "fifteen and four-sixths.'.'
¦He must be at his btst to win...
-•The 1 match -between '•Fred { Brown- and
Drummbnd - MacGavm, the best two play
,ers of • the x Univyrsity of California, ..will
probably bo the fastest- of. the 'tourna
ment." Rivalry between these. two' players
is ; keen, and the match .will settle which
is thebetter player. '••-• ,; '- -.-: >¦'* ¦ ¦ '-y-' :¦¦".¦ •,
¦ At their last meeting in the State cham
pionship; tournament "at ; San "Rafael
Brown f won from MacGavln" byVa small
margin. " The: latter has shown: great Im
provement ' since ¦-¦ then ; and his >• admirers
are confident he can" defeat Brown.' They
will i meet on • oven terms. ' - . .'.•-•
y'A '., class singles tournament is In \prog
ress : on the '¦¦ courts ; of the Bcllevuo Club,'
Alameda/i The^class^winnersiv/ere: 'Class
A; rPercy.f Murdock; .- class "\Y; "Hamilton
. Murdock; ]• class 2, ', Ernest ' Porter ;< class S;
Chauncoy ¦•¦ Pond. < v In ¦ the - class " play-off
Percy;; Murdoek .'. allowed "Pond i "thirty'.','
and, won- c— 1, 6— 0; ; Hamilton .Murdock al
lowed ; Porter "owe fifteen"; and won $-rl;
C-^l. finals • between * the : Murdock
brothers -' will'- be ' played- -to-day iwhen
Percy-will allow Hamilton odds of-"fif
ii i n " fWfyt'frfittnn^Mtf*^'!*^ -•¦' ,¦ ;..,. ¦¦•"
i: Will \Tay 1 or . and Joe ITobiri figured : in ¦ a
lively match , last: week in; which; the 'other
contestan ts ¦-. were ; . George .' .Whitney "and
Sumner -Hardy: ;; Each i of the : players has
been," a' champion \, of . the"; coast; at ¦¦'¦ some
time r in his ', career. ' Whitney ¦ and Taylor
i joined forces and defeated Hardy and To- ;
1 bin .in three straight- sets." - ;- ¦ ; ¦•.. *
• ¦ ¦ •
Yachtsmen ; Seek a' Winter
Mcqrir'gs f--r- Small Craft
i Where They Would Be Safe
Charm of Golden Ga e ; Park;
-May ; oon Be Added to by
Laying Gut Pubic Links
Coursers ' of Record Are on
the Card for the Inaugural
Stake at Union Park;
CLASS HOUNDS
WILL COMPETE
LADIES PLAY
GOLF MATCHES
HUNTING DATES
ARE ANNOUNCED
year as to the placing of the two great
dogs. They were matched to meet at the
Manitoba trials as an outcome -of the dis
cuesion. This match fell through.
. They met again at the Northwest trials
at Seattle, when Clipper W was returned
¦winner. Since then i Henry Betten, the
trainer of Clipper W, has retired- from
business. The dog was returned to his
owner and ¦was thrown out of training.
Dr. Wilson was anxious to enter him, but
without a professional handler could do
nothing in the premises.
Cuba Jr., the property of W. S. Tevis,
is the unknown quantity in the trials. He
has Just returned from the Eastern cir
cuit, and has won more prizes than any
Derby entry. While in the East he de
feated some famous dogs, , being pro
nounced the best broken pointer on the
circuit. His work has been done on prai
rie chickens and bobwhites. How be will
•work on the tricky California quail and
under different conditions of grounds and
weather remains to be determined. R. M.
Dodge, who handles the Tevis string, has
been successful on the circuit. With a
small number of dogs he has won nine
times this season.
The most convenient train for the trials
Is that one which leaves Third and Town
send streets each day at 8 a. m. This
reaches San Luis Obispo at 2:30 p. m. A
train of the Pacific Coast Railway can
then be taken, reaching Santa Maria at 5
p. m. The trials will be held a short dis
tance outside Santa Maria.
WOULD DREDGE
TIBURON COVE
FOUR PLAYERS
IN TOURNAMENT
last Sunday at Ahiso Slough in quest of
ducks. The former killed twelve and the
latter twenty-eight. The bag was made
up of teal and "cans."
Bert Patrick. Thomas Deffenbach, F. J.
Johnson and Ed. Nlles shot over . the pre
serve of the Marin County Gun Club. All
had good strings to show as the result of
their weekly shoot.
J. W. Baker and Lew Ohleyex were the
guests of George Ohleyer of Tuba City
last Saturday and shot on the Sutt*r- Gun
Club preserves. They succeeded in kill
ing the limit. The bag consisted. mainly
of mallard and sprig. The ducks are in
an unusually fine condition in that section
of the country, one pair of mallards tip
ping the scales at six and a half pounds.
The Joint bag- of five members oi
Spooney Gun Club on Sunday was 175
ducks. The bag was a mixed one. The
members, of the clnb who shot over the
Mount Eden preserve were:. Georga
Morse, Mr, Guyatt. Dr. E. N. Short. L.
R. Larzalere and WfUiam Whitehead.
. C. E. Urfer .killed forty-six, mostly
"cans" and bluebllls. on the Alamcda
marsh last Sunday.
J. B. Hauer tramped the hills to the
west of Sausalito last Sunday In quest of
quail. He secured a limit bag of twenty
live. .
The dogs will be tried in -the near future
and should they come up ; to expectation
Beaoon : will probably be retired to ; the
stud. In the meantime the great blue dog
Is withheld from active coursing. ..-:•;
Judge John Grace has -been- presented
with a handsome diamond locket, the gift
of John J. Laven,' secretary of the Pas
time Coursing Club . of St. Louis. Judge
Grace went to St. Louis in' August last to
Judge, the big; meeting 'of ; > the -Pastime
Club and a warnufriendship'sprang up be
tween him and Secretary La\-en. , :
In addition 5 to; the-, Inaugural stake ; a
seventy-eight-dog open event will" serve
as the .week's attraction at Union Park. •
The- open -stake *wlir be run to-day." Qn
Sunday (the Inaugural' will be run .in 'its
entirety, and the open ' finals concluded. = /
-The winners lookito.be: 'Naughty, Girl,
Master Clair; ¦'. Liberator, Lilac.;- Sofala,
Jingle Bells, Slim, Fine Form, Black Bart, 4
Lottie '¦ M.; Tom Hurlick, Fiery Face,, Sir
Pasha, Rosie Freedom, ; Amedeo, ' Sleety
Mist, Oleta,' Pennegrant," Chicago, Boy,
Rocker, Shadow, '-Full -Moon, i Haphazard,"
Boodle Bay, Red Rock, St. - Ives, Tralee
Boy, Freda C, Silver Cloud/' May ; Hemp
stead, Royal Flush, Rural- Artist, Dorothy
M, Black .Flush, Sir Lawrence, rLear< King
and Rona. ••' i • ?.•'¦ ¦"¦, '-. .-¦-.-,¦- .->,-¦ .:, v:.,--> ,; : . -...--¦¦¦.</.
.In the Inaugural likely, winners are: Lit
tle Sister, ¦• Homer.' Boy,-, Roman 'Athlete,*'
Wedgewood, Rector, Cnana and : ; Harlem !
4_ The first table cutlery i made In : the
P 11^ states was in Greenfield,- Mass.,
in loot. ¦ ,- • -•.¦¦
Establish! Patrols': Along the : Coast
and Bend r Tugs in Search* of
¦ Missing Boats anil .
Bafts.
. EUREKA^ Jan., 3.— Word was ' received
( from Trinidad . to-night - by * telephone of
the * Walla : -Walla lifeboat V that s put '- in
there. : "The survivors * on 1 the , craft had a
terriblei ; experience and [only ; five or six
CITIZENS; OF EUREKA
TAKE PROMPT FACTION
Pacific * Coast Company Carries Two
Hundred Thousand Dollars
Insurance on the "
.Vessel, t
SEATTLE, . Jan:. 3.— The . Pacific Coast
Steamship . Company carried $200,000 in
surance on the Walla Walla, . which . it
valued at $350,000. Her transformation
from a collier several years ago and sub
sequent changes • and repairs are said by
the company officers to' represent , an ex
penditure of $200,000. giving her a value to
the company of more than tSOOJXM. -
WALLA WALLA VALUED
AT A HALF-MILLION
A meeting 1 of the "Jack Dempsey Me
morial Fund Association" will be held to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in room 33.
Columbian building, 916 Market street. A
large attendance is desired by the officers
of the association.
For the Dempsey Memorial.
BOSTOX, Jan. 3.— The riders in the six
day bicycle race at Park-square Garden
merely kept up the monotonous grind to
day. There were no changes in the posi
tion of the teams. Score at end of fiftieth
hour: Freeman and Munro, McLean and
Butler, McFarland and Maya, Gougolt
and Simar, Leander and Rutz, King and
Samuelson, 1000.7: Fischer and Chevalier,
1000.5: Krebs and Keegan. 1000.4; Muller
and Jaak, 1000.
Cyclists Continue Their Grind.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 3. — Broken down phyelc
r.V.y and mentally through long suffering, John
H. Gee, a miner I»0 years of age, recently from
Salmon City, Idaho, ended his life In this city
io-day by standing in front of a mirror, placing
a. revolver to his breast and sending a 45
e»liber bullet through his heart.
Captain Hall, who, in addition to his In
juries, suffers from the effects of-expos
ure, is confined to his bed in a local hotei
EUREKA, Jan. 3.— The Walla ..Walla
.survivors brought to this port by the Dis
patcl} included six ' women,' Captain Hall
and .several of., the officers J and - crew of
the wrecked vessel. As soon as the DJs
patch arrived .with the survivors they
were taken In charge by Agent Stone of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company and
sent: to '.the ¦different . hotels, v Many of
them are., badly bruised •¦ and 'cut, while
others - have : broken ¦ bones. - » Most of the
passengers escaped without either clothes
or money. ' -,
Captain Hall, Suffering From .Inju
ries and Effects of Exposure,
. Is Confined to His
: , Bed.
COMPANY CARES FOR '
RESCUED PASSENGERS
Tremonts — Romer, Dreyfus, Barnes, Bodle,
Jeffries. Raymond. Bellini, Asmann, Finnigan,
Cook and Quesser.
Bushnells— Schoefleld, Eager, Hoar, Bora
dona. Sullivan, Scatena, Morris, Radford, Reed
and Brockhoff. 'mwCiif Wl f «St
Midgets — Loh. Mahoney, Scott, Easterbers,
O'Nell. McKlnne, Martin, Ryan, Fenton and
Crawford. n#rH"~
Carters — Williams, Lyson. Burnes, Svetnisch,
Carroll, Kagan, Lent, Walters, Barnett and
Dashwood.
Two games of baseball will be played
to-morrow at the j Presidio . athletic
grounds. They mark the opening of the
Amateur Baseball League's winter season.
The first game will be played at 12:30 p.
m. The teams are made up as follows:
Amateur Baseball League.
The theory that the bark may have sunk
is scarcely borne out when it is realized
that .vessels cruising about the scene of
the wreck found- no trace of survivors or
wreckage of : the sailing craft.
EtjREKA, Jan. 3.— There 13 much spec
ulation-here as to what became of the
French bark that sank the Walla. Walla.
Nearly all of the survivors say that she
displayed no lights after 'the disaster and
soon disappeared, while a few claim, to
have" seen her for some minutes after the
collision, during which time she was mov
ing - rapidly away. There are some per
sons who are inclined to the belief that
the bark may have gone down after the
collision, but the great majority are of the
opinion that, finding his vessel practically
undamaged and realizing the terrible
catastrophe for which he was responsible
the captain of the strange craft crowded
on call and hurried away.
After Striking th© Walla
Walla Finds Little
Credence.
Theory That She May Have Sunk
GUESSING AS TO FATE
OF THE FRENCH BARK
The football elevens representing Com
pany A and Company M, League of the
Cross Cadets, will meet In the deciding
game for the league championship to
morrow at 2:30 p. m., at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets. The teams will line-up:
Company A. Positions. Company M. r
CNeill L — E — R. . . . J. Sullivan
O'Brien t, — T — R Fitzsimmons
Lane L — Q — R Ridden
Thompson Center Adams
Hig&ins R— G — L. McCarry
Solen R— T— L Merle
Kalbenberg R— B— L Henno
Sloan and Finn... Quarter R. Sullivan
Kelly. - L — H — R ; Power
Junker R — H — L>. .. . .". Kiddermann
Faull. Full McKevltt
League of the Cross Football.
EUREKA, Jan. 3.— Mrs. Miller of Seat
tle, who with her husband was rescued
from the Walla" Walla,' relates' a pathetic
Incident of the disaster. •
"Just as one, of the boats was about
to push off," she said, "it was discovered
that there was ; room for ' another lady
and Mrs. 'Allen, wife ofi Dr. Allen of Ta-'
coma, 'was told to get into the boat. She
asked if there was room for her husband
and when told there was not she said s*he*
would remain with him. I believe born
were drowned." . -
Wife of Tacoma Physician Refuses
to Enter Lifeboat While He
v Remains Aboard the
.;^;:- : . '¦ '"¦ • Wreck. :
George Chapman, one of the waiters on
the wrecked steamer, said to-night: '
• VI * was asleep when ; the -'vessel ,cut us
down. At the first crash I sprang from
my bunk and rushed on deck, to find that
an immense sailing vessel had smashed
into us on the port side Just abaft the
fore rigging.' The. captain was giving or
ders-to have the ' boats provisioned and
swung out on the davits.* The entire crew
and passengers behaved splendidly - and
Manv Acts of Heroism.
Williamson stayed .with tHe ship until
she was about to go down. Then he
grasped a rope and swung over the side.
He tried to keep on top of the wreck, but
as the vessel began to sink he was caught
in the propeller and had a hard time to
free himself. He at last was picked up by
a raft, and, with a few others, v was res
cued by the Dispatch. The raft was under
two feet of water and the men were com
pelled to sit in this water and hold on -to
prevent' being washed off by the - heavy
seas. They maintained this position until
they were picked up.
S. Williamson, a bartender of the Walla
Walla, was the last to leave the wreck.
When the crash came he went forward
and saw a large bark was just '.passing.
The bark was so near that he could have
jumped on board her at that time. The
passengers were hastily getting into the
lifeboats and soon the deck was quite
well cleared. ' One - family, consisting of
five, supposed to be foreigners, remained
in the bow of the boat. Different mem
bers of the family were asked to get into
the boats, but. there not being * room for
the entire family they- clung together,
wishing to die together rather than be
separated. They were in the steerage of
the Walla Walla and happened to be in
the end shut off from the compartment
where the. bark pierced her. The timbers
of the boat were so crushed that persons
in the other end of the steerage were cut
off from the exit and were thus closed in
with no hope for escape or chance to free
themselves. Two of these were got out,
but others are supposed to have . gone
down with the ship. ¦ .-. ; : .
Steerage Passengers Penned In.
"Chief Steward John Cornell refused to
leave the ship, saying there was plenty
of time; nor would Purser Nuttman take
a boat. The water was full of wreckage.
It was impossible for us to get away
from it for over an hour.
"It was pitiable to hear the people on
the. wreckage crying for help. We could
not get near them to help them." •
When asked whether the French bark
carried a lleht he said:
"I did not see any until about a half
hour after the collision, when one ap
peared."
Refuse to Save Themselves.
was when he started to look for Captain
Hall, to make his report.
STAYS WITH HUSBAND
AND BOTH ARE LOST
EUREKA,^ Jan. 3.— Among the victims
of the Walla' Walla, wreck who are known
to have , perished - or for ' ,-• whose safety
there is scarcely ' any hope are ; the fol
lowing: Mrs. Minnie "Reynolds, steward-'
ess; Chief Engineer George H. Crosby;
Mrs. A. ; Kotzschnur "or :Kotzschmar. . who
died ¦ from "exposure '.'In .the boat' that
reached- Big " Lagoon; : L. Drube of San
Francisco. Dr. and. Mrs. .-B.-'F. Allen of
Tacoma, Purser E.-,lv^uttman, and John
Wilson ! and William/Bartel, members ; of
the 'crew. .•'..;• . .
¦ ' The -; following » persons were on-one of
the .. boats that . reached ¦ Big • Lagoon - to
night: G. • Sprear, R.~ McKee, Fred Mc-
Clement, H. Halschaw, A.< Swanson, 1 Dan
Larson,' Charles Gleason,- H. H. < Weaver,
passengers; .A. Johnson, jmessman; E.
Alexander, coal passer.' \ .
-Mrs. ¦•¦ Kalzschan * was : one ¦ of the . party,
but - died of * exposure. : . H. '¦ H. ; Weaver ; is
badly atVBigi Lagoon. The re
maining members are at 'Trinidad. " They
will leave at 7 o'clock \ to-morrow to;catch
the ¦. steamer * Pomona,' (.which H ' Bails' at 2
o'clock. - ¦- :\"^SmwaKaPnrib^MR|pi
The* names of those who ' reached ; land
Passengers '"and Members of ., Crew
for Whose Safety No Rea
sonable Hope Re
mains.'
THESE ARE KNOWN TO
HAVE LOST THEIR LIVES
"The captain remained at his post dur
ing this entire time and went- down with
his vessel. He reappeared at the surface
almost Immediately and . was pulled upon
an improvised raft, .where he lay for some
time upon the, flat of < his : stomach, . as
though suffering great pain. Hia compan
ions did what- they could for him. under
the circumstances, and in a great part
are to be credited with the saving of the
brave man's life.
"The raft upon which I managed to ob
tain a place carried ten persons., among
whom were First Assistant ¦ Engineer
Reed, a waiter named Gibson, two oilers,
a fireman and four passengers.- We were
picked up • by the Dispatch after having
been tossed about on the waves for almost
twelve hours. A heavy sea was running
andmade it almost .impossible for us to
stay with the raft. A stiff breeze was
blowing, driving the spray against our. al
ready, chilled bodies and adding greatly
to our. misery. When we were taken on
the Dispatch we were .so weak from, ex
posure that we could scarcely talk.
"This terrible .disaster will always live
in my memory and. I dread to recall the
piteous calls for help from the doomed as
the vessel sank beneath the waves."
many were the acts of heroism that oc
curred during those . few minutes. The
women among the passengers were gath
ered on the main deck and awaited their
chance of -rescue, while many of the men
did what they could to aid the crew, in
launching lifeboats and liferafts.
PARKERSBCRG, W. Va., Jan. 3.^-Colonel
John T. McGrawand Melville D. Post, repre
senting creditors of the Flemington Coal Com
pany, with. offices in New York and mines in
"West Virginia, have presented a petition on
behalf of numerous creditors to have the com
pany declared an involuntary bankrupt.
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 3.— Clarence Forbes
of Chicago was given the decision over
Maurice Sayers of this city In a six-round
bout before the Milwaukee Club. Young
Scotty of Denver knocked out Kid Black
of Chicago In one round.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 3. — Thomas Broder
ick of Yonkers, N. Y., was knocked out
by Joe Gans qjf this city in the sixth
round of a fight scheduled for twenty
rounds at the Eureka Athletic Club to
night-
FHILADELPHIA, Jan. 3.— James Ferns
of Kansas knocked out Jack Bennett of
McKeesport, Pa., in the second round at
the Industrial Athletic Club to-night.
The fight was to have gone six rounds.
Ferns' punches were more effective than
Bennett's.
Gans Knocks Out Broderick.
. Tim Hegarty, the Australian prize-fight
er, who was arrested December 16 las»t
on a charge of defratyling an innkeeper
on awararnt sworn out by Joseph D.
Hegarty, who keeps a hotel at Colma.
filed a suit yesterday against the last
named for $10,050 damages. The pugilist
who was acquitted of the charge by a
jury in, Justice of the Peace Cunning
ham's court in San Mateo, charges that
the hotel-keeper had him arrested for t?ie
purpose of causing him annoyance and
humiliation.
Hegarty Sues for Damages.
pn the second boat at Big Lagoon are not
known. -
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 3.— Results:
. First race, one mile — KHza Dillon won. Konjt
Tatius second, Zocapa third. Time, 1:44.
Second race, six and a. half furlongs, selling
— Ecome won, Samivel second, Homage third.
Third race, one mile and an eighth-, selling—
Meggs won, Lady Chorister second Mattie
Bazar third. Time, 1:57. -
-Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Death won. The Rush second. Siren SonK
third. Time, 1:22.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
Monos won, Judge Steadman second Governor
Boyd third. Time, 1:57. . J
Sixth race, one mile — Lingo won. Dr. Hart
second. Hayward Hunter third. Time, 1 :43.
The committee has also chartered a tug
to go . outside and - cruise . In search of
missing boats and rafts.
As soon as the news of the wreck was
received a committee of citizens-was at
once formed. The Chamber of Commerce
and the Mayor and Common Council took
every measure »to insure the comfort of
the survivors. A committee of ladies took
charge of the women from the wreck and
provided them with everything they need
ed. -The citizens' committee has arranged
for a patrol system covering forty-five
miles of the coast, both north and south
of so that should any survivors
come ashore they will be cared for.
were left out of the boatload. > The tele
phone dispatch stated that thirteen were
lost." The boat was capsized several times
in rough weather on Thursday morning
and each, time several persons lost their
lives. The survivors are now on the road
to Eureka.
DENVER,' Jan. 3.— Fully two thousand
citizens of Denver j held a mass meeting
in Lincoln Park to-night for the purpose
of effecting an organization to"ald in rid
ding this city of the thugs that have. for
the past two years maintained a perfect
reign of terror by the robberies, murders
and assaults committed in all . parts ¦ of
the city. The immediate cause of, the
meeting was the murder of Harold- Frid
born and the assault on his 16-year-old
sister on the night of December 31.
Movement Against Thugs.
After the installation Miss Mamie
Schoen, the retiring financial secretary,
was presented with a chatelaine pin in
gold and pearls in token of her faithful
services for several terms.
Deputy Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Harrington, assisted by Mrs
Helena Worms, grand sub-chief compan
ion, as marshal, installed the following
officers of Robin Hood Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America:
Mabel Miller, chief companion: 'Sirs. A
Mlcbels. sub chief; Bertha Bruce, financial
secretary: Mamie Heintz, recording secretary
Martha Hilken, right, and Betsy Wood, left
guide; Annie Schoen, inside, and Mrs. Ml
Khrardt. outside guard; . M re. O. C. Miller,
treasurer.
I* D. Gordon, noble srand; J. de Haven,
vice srand; Georce W. Dixon. recording, and
G. La.th.rcD. financial secretary; A. Hay. treas
urer; O'Gremlerk, warden; \v. W. Lyon. con
ductor; W^. Carter, right, and C. Griffith, left
supporter to the noble grand; R. Moody, right,
and H. D. ICeinhaus, left supporter to the vice
grand; Pablo Fells, right, and H. Burkholm.
ieft ccene supporter; John McLauglUin, chap
lain; H. D. NeinhauB, trustee; A. p. Ely, in
fide, and Harry Rogers, outside guard.
District Deputy Grand Master Frank
E. Smith Installed the following: officers
of Sargent Lodge. L O. O. F.. last night,
assisted by his corps of officers:
Frank Van Xess Cox. Junior past grand; W.
H. Gibson, ncble crand; W. K. JCorcross re
cording secretary: Victor C. Post, financial
secretary; Kobert B. Downie. warden; H. B.
Piicksher. conductor; A. J. Doyle, rieht, and
R- F. Lange. left supporter to the noble grand;
Ira C. Bush, right, and E. M. Coffin, left sup
porter to the vice grand; T. F. Munroe. right,
and A. Banrendt, left «cene supporter; J. W.
P*rry. chaplain; Henry W. Patrick, organist;
H. L. Curtis, W. C. Johrjson and J. R. Aitken.
past grand, as trustees.
Apollo Lodge of the Odd Fellows had
Jts officers installed last night in the
presence of z. large membership by Harry
D. Saville, district deputy grand master,
assisted by W. W. Peck, A. H. Kingsford,
Louis Hammersmith and W. H. Blunden.
The new officers are:
EmU Poch, chief patriarch: Fred Rotger,
high priest; H. F. Schlichting Jr.. senior
warden: Fred L. Horn, warden; F. Ludemann,
conductor; G. Moennlruc. secretary; Charles
Quaat. financial secretary; H. Barthold. treas
urer; C. Gudehaus, Inside guardian.
After the installation there was a col
lation for the members and visitors.
Walhalla Encampment of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows installed its
officers for the current term last night.
Deputy Grand Patriarch . Henry F.
Schlichtingr, assisted by K. Ludcmann as
grand marshal, conducted the installa
tion. The new officers are:
the Forest, Makes Presentation
to Retiring Secretary.
Robin Hood Circle, Companions of
2OT7S FRATEKNAI, LODGES
INSTALL THEIR OFFICEES
WASHINGTON,- Jan. 3.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt, the eldest daughter . of Presi
dent Roosevelt, will christen the German
Kaiser's new yacht, now building at
Staten Island, New York. This decision
was reached to-day. The Kaiser's invita
tion to Miss Roosevelt was extended
through Dr. von Holleben, the German
Embassadcr to the United States.
"Will Christen Kaiser.'s Yacht.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — J. Bil
lington, W. Armacost, H. Wolfe, W. Cavan
augh. A. Hay. E. Drlscoll, T. Boyle, N. Stern,
C. Hanlon, W. Gorman, W. Fuller, W. Cook,
J. Irving, J. Vanderberg, J. A. Jackson, W.
Fisher and C. Crist
One-hundred yard ¦ race, amateurs — F.
Crowder. O. Beyfuss. F..Keal. W. Stockton. H.
Dougherty, J. Murphy, E. Peters, L. • Doud,
F. Moody, P. Maine, W. Gorman, J. Ring
rose, J. Holton, G. Flynn/ C. Donovan, ' E.
Winfleld, J. Bevins, W. Fisher, E. Martin and
W. Gilbert.
Dirtng for plates — E. Paine, J. Llllle. F.
Hoffman. S. Ualton. E. Klpp. C. Wyret, H.
PfuhL F. Berges. E. MeClure. - E. Woods, C.
Mason, L. Britten, C. Meyers. E. Smiley, P.
McDermid, B. Ferrill. W. Carroll, J. Morris,
H. Lelcken, M. Roche, C. Naylor, W. Cook,
J. O'Keefe and J. Schustro. V •
Fifty-yard dash — J. Wilson, P. Sundberg. W.
Carroll. T. Sullivan. J. O'Brien, J. Llpman, L.
Jacobs. R. Bush, L. Pearle, C. Lundin, T.- Mc-
Farland, G. Austin, A. Miller. E. Van, J.
Whlttier, F. Baker, O. Swett. . J. Schrimp, C.
Wallott. C. McCarthy, G. Carter, O. Schults,
J. Deane and A. Heinze. i
The swimming and diving contests to be
decided to-morrow at Sutro Baths at
tracted the following entries: •¦¦¦-. ••'.•
Aquatic Sports at Sutro's.
The tournament will extend over a
period of two months, games being played
one night in ; each week. '.
The J schedule and ' tournament commit
tee is mode up of Dr. C. F. Morgan,
Frank Smith and W. H. Lee. The prize
committee: Dr. "W. J. Hawkins, Marc
Davis and E; Dreger.
There are seven "teams entered — the'En
gineers, Echoes, El Dorados, LJncolna,
Nationals, San Franclscosand Excelsiors.
Each team will meet all the. others. When
they meet they will play a series of flvo
games. The scoring will.be by games, not
by pins. The members of winning teams
will receive medals and a" special medal
will : bo awarded the player - with the
highest average. ' There will be no cash
prizes. .
. The board of directors of the San Fran
cisco. Bowling, Association met last night
and perfected arrangements for the .tour
nament - which commences about the 13th
inst. >
;0AJKLAN^^
30S3.. FIRST RACE-^-Mlle and seventy yards; selling; 'four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
- '.. | .-¦¦.• -•• - :-':- ¦ | ¦•¦¦¦- '¦ ¦ " - )¦¦ ; ¦-.¦¦••. ¦ . ¦ Betting. "
Index Horse. '.Age. V.Weigfht. St. - %. %. Str/ r Ffn.- jOwner and Jockey. ' Op. . . Cl.V
3055 El Mido, '6..1.: ..126 6 9-82 6 10 <ins • J.B.i Campbell.. Mounce
5049 Lost Girl,, a.'..,.. 129 .2 ' 2 2 2 1 . 11 2 2 " E. G.' McConnell. . .Hoar V^-iX^ . 10
3060 Helen Smith;. 4... 114 7:; 3 .3 %. 3 1 3.1%' J. iConway. ... . J: Woods ". . 12» 13
3050 Free Lance, a . . . . 134 1 4 Uf 4 1 -4 n 4 n . \V. H. Ketchemn..TroxIr «3.\ -. ,4
UCtJO Nllgar, 6.. .....:. 131 4' 13 1 2 - 2 % 5 5 Mrs. Jones &. Co..Jacksn :r\J2 a - 15
3070. El Fonse. -4 126 3 6n «2 8h.B 10 ; Burns & "Watrhs..Spencr *5-2>j.6-2
3029 Intrada, 4.... .. ..114 5 5 3 5 n 7 12 7 15 K. J. . Wheeler. . Blrknrth ~ • 20 I 60
30C4 Koenig, a....\ ...12(J » 7 2 7^88. 8 6 A. Geneveln.r. ...Howell ,\ 8 1 ' .12
3076 Kastalne; a. ...¦'¦124 8 8 y 2 ' 9 9 9 • K: M.Borchert.. Ransom 20 25
Tlme— 1 A',^:25; &. :50%;%, 1:16V>; mile, 1:43;- lm- 70yds, 1:47. . Good start. Won ¦' first
¦three: driving. Winner, ,J. S. Campbell's b. g. by" Sir rModred -Ethel." It took hard riding
.to get El- Mido up. - Free' Lance has dixiky, underpinning. : Nllgar . quit. ¦ El ' Fonse stopped .
-to .nothing in • the stretch. ., ; .„-..,- .... . ,. '¦„...
3084. j SECOND RACE-^-Six ,rurlongs; selling; fpur-year-olds and' up; ,t(> first, ¦ $325. "'
- ! ¦ ; ):;.¦•¦¦ -' •¦¦•• ¦¦'••¦ ' '¦ ¦¦...,-•.••••¦•.¦.";: ¦•¦.- ,-• : -~ '¦,•••• ••¦ ~ 7 ~^~- ~ r ' Betting.
Index Horse;: "Age. Weight. St. ' '%. " %:"' . Str.'" Fin.' " /Owner and Jockey, v : Op. Cl. ¦
3075 Saul of Tarsus, 5..107 2 1 h 1 1 12' 1 3 S. McNaughton.... Burns 1 3-5
3003' Ned. Dennis, 5.;.'.107 7 i 4 2 ; 2 1- 2 3 -2 5 , Piedmont Stable.. Winslt 5" 9
3008 Bard Burns,. 4. .:. 109 6 3 1 3 1 3 1 '3 2 D. S. Fountain.. Mounce ..' 8 . . 12
2U4S) Invictus, 4 : ..104 10' • 9 6 • 8 1 4 % 4 2 ; James Wilson .-..McGinn . 10 15
itiOO Har. Thatcher, 5.100 3 5 % 7 y% 6 1 5 1 W. Johnson .....See 15 60
2572 William F, 5... ..107 -88 6 6 1 6 % - 6 2 John Kane ..Prior 20 100
•5CW2 Finch, 5.. .107 4 7 1 .6174. 7 5 Burlingame S. • F..V.Btrk 6 '20
28uf> - Scallywag-, 4. ....104 lv2 3J 4 2 ' 8 10 '810 J. I...' Crooks. ....Ransch ,¦ 6 , 15
3040 Chappie; a....... 107 5 6 h ~ 9 10 - 9 8 9 10 I. Morehouse ...Troxler 6 9
26G4 Cath.Bravo, 4...107 9 10 10 10 ' 10 : Logue .......... ..Lbgue ; 8 50
Time— %; :24%; V*,- :49%; %. 1:15%.' -Fair start. Won easily. . Second and third driving.
Winner,' S. McNaughton's ch. g. by -Watercress- Judith. .- With a stronger rider up Ned
jj Dennis 'might have given winner ' a " race.' Bard'- Burns Improving. Invictua, away ' poorly, ¦
•" ran a fair, race. r Finch no speed this day. • Chappie derailed on far turn. Engineer not hurt.
' Scratched-^Carilee 102, Bill .Bohmahson 104, Sea Llon_114._ _ _.'_-^_ • r
30S5.; THIRD RACE,— Futurity course; -selling; thre'e-y'ear-blas; to first, $325. y . ,.. -:
-i ' ¦ ' ' ' ' '. '¦ ¦ .-¦- r ~ :T - ¦ ." '"• ' ~. '.:.•¦.¦ • : ~~ - - • • -- ¦ • Betting.
Index Horse _ and _ Weight. St. %. - ', %. ,. Str.- ' Fin, ¦ ; ' Owner and Jockey. - Op. Cl.' '
(3024) Huachuca .'......114 7 5 % j4 4 3h!"l 1 f3 G.W. Bald win... Woods : 8-0 6-5
(3067) Ishtar ...... .109 5 ,3 n 3 %.¦' 4 « : r '2 %'¦ Burlingame S.* F..:.Birk 5-2.. 3
3017 Dr. Scharff.. .....114 T 2 4.^2-6 -1 n ' 3 2^4 O'Neal $' Co. .Buchanan 3 6
30U5 Nonie ....... 109 2 1 h 1 1 2 % 42 M.-Kane .Troxler 10 20
3057 Bragg ."....?. 114 6 61 .7 5153. Thomas Rowe;.... Burns 10. 12
3035 Dandy 114 3 .7 6 1.7 .Mil. Montana Stable.. Mounce 10 '15
(30C5) Torso Maid. ..109 4 4 1- 5 1 6n 7 J. Weber ...Ranach y 6 . 8
Time— To 14,' :21%; to;%, :45%; last %,l:0iy 2 ; short 94,-1:11%. -Fair start... Won. first 1
: three driving: Winner G. w. Baldwin's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-La Plata. Huachuca,
! away very badly, was much the best and got through i on' the rail. '. Ishtar i did not i have
: clear sailing through, the stretch. .. Dr. Scharff - ran' a nice race. Nonie quit after -getting
away on the fly. Dandy no speed. Torso Maid blew up. Scratched — Colonial Girl 109,
- Bassenzo 111, Legal Maxim 111, Tyranus 111, Phyllis 109. ••... '. : .- • '
3O8C: FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; San Pedro handicap; three-year-olds; to' first, $400..;
¦ . ¦ ' ' I ¦ • - • i - " . • : ¦ T7~ ...-..- -¦ , ¦ • ¦> Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. ',%.' %. Str." " Fin. Owner and Jockey.. Op. : Cl.
(305S) Byrori Rose. 4... 109 1 1'2.' 1 2% 12 11 Roy Wilson . ... 'I Ransch S T^
(:»075) MattHogan. O...1O8 2 ..2 2 :. 2 2 ,22.21'// Magrane & Co. .Bullman 5-2 5-2
(3000) Princ's Titania, 4.101 3 3 10 38 383 10 Caesar Young. ..Redfern « 1 6-5
27(31 Rey Dare, 4...J.M06 4 4-44/4 C. G.- White ...T. Burns! 4 7
Time-^Vi. :24&; i4,'-:4S9:i; %;'l:13%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.'
Winner, R. Wilson's ch. g. by Ducat-Rose of Magenta. Byron . Rose possessed " speed to
.loan. Hcgan ran -well till ; he lost his breath. . Princess Is not a "good doer" -and needs
: freshening up. Rey Dare .runs better after a race or two. • '• U:-^t-r'. :^
30S7. ' FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325/
• > . ¦ ¦ . . •'.-'•': • . Betting
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. y t .'- %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3033 Grand Sachem, a.107 3 2 n ¦ 2 n 1 1% 13 J. J. Moran ...'..... Hoar 10 15
(2974) Katie Walcott. 5.105 2 ,- 1 3 . 1 1% 2 ¦ 2 % E. Kaufman. .Buchanan 10 " 15
3036 King Dellis, 5...112 7 82 82 5 131 C. Lind . . J Woods \4 - 4
3064 Pat Morrisey. a. .100 8 6 h- (J 2 4 1 4 % Dr. H. E. Rowell...Birk ' 6 ' 9-2
3040 Cougar. 4'.. ..113 4 42 4^ 3h'52 Elmwood Farm. Bullman 5-2 14-5
2901 Flamero, 6 ......111 5 7 2 7 h 6 1 6 1 D. Cameron Mounce 5 5
30C0 Ulloa, 6 ..... 105 9 9 1 9 20 8 10 7 5 . A. B. Spreckels.T. Burns 5 4
(3029) Quiz II. 4. '.....:. 106 1- 3 2 3 1 7 1 •' 8 2 . J. M. Crane Ransch 8 15
(S049) Cuban Girl. 4... .104 .6 .". 5 h '. 5 1. 9 10. 9 10 P. Corrigan .. Jackson 8 1O
3034 Tizona. 5 ....... ..109 11 11^20 10 20 10 20 10 20' Partington Bros.. Troxler 8 15
.... Pacemaker, a ....114 10 10 1 12 11 1 11 1 A. H. ,Vlvell..:..Howell 50 60
2979 [The Hoodoo, 4. ..102112 ' 12 1120 12 ' 12 |T. H.iRyan. ... ..O'Neill 50 100
Time— U. :24Vi; Vs. :48: %. 1:14; %, 1:27%. Good start. -Won easily. Second and third
driving. - Winner, J. J. Moran' s b. g. by Tammany-Belinda. Grand Sachem came in topar
- tlclpate in tho big snake dance unheralded and unseen. His showing was a revelation to
the palefaces. -^First two away sailing. .Morrtsey. and.Klng Dellis- off badly. Cougar ha£
bad knees. Ulloa might have. won with: an: even break. - ' .,, . -*,-.-:< .-•'--.¦''. ,.'•. • "'
3088^ SIXTH RACE-^ne "arid a sixteenth miles'; 'selling; 3-year-olds 'and'iip;,to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. • Vi- • " %¦' Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.
3031 Floronso, a". Ill 1 1 2: 1 1 1 3 15 B. McGuire ...J. Woods "^ 3* "3^2
<3044) Diomed. 5 118 2 ,.4.h .3 1. 2 4 22. Brown &: Co.... Jackson • 5-2 7-2
(3050) Bedeck, 4 1 .:..;. ! .114 3 : 3 2' 5 h 4 1 :"3"1%' W. H. Ketcheman.Troxl 8-5 ' 3
3071 Sir Lewis, 3..... 97 4 6 2 6 3 3n 45 M.Daly ........J.:Daly 6 '?'8
3076 Darlene. 4 .100 5 2 % 2 h 5 3 6 % Dr. H. E. Rowell.Jacksn 10 - 8
2991 Lpdestar, a ......111 8 7 15 7. 12 7.6 6 5 O'Keefe & Co...Birkrth 7 ''12
5050 Dawson. 3 87 C 52 4h (Th 78 W-. B. Sink Jr. .Redfern 8 20
Tamm'y Chief. 4.111 7 8 8 8 8 . F. D. Boas Maunce 10 ' 25
Time— Vi, :24%; %, :50; %, 1:15%; m 1:42; 1 l-10m, 1:48%. Good start. Won easily Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, P. McGuire's b. g. by Fonso-Florence E. Winner prob
ably best. Diomed handled his impost to excellent advantage. I Mr. Ketcheman is a clever
trainer and Bedeck will Improve. Lodestar couldn't handle his weight. Tammany Chief
will win later on. Scratched — Larry Wilt 92. Tufts £9, Cromwell 112, Nellie Forest 102. -
(3051)Duckoy 102 J 3075 Orleans ...... 90
3074 The Fretter...lO5 3056 Andrisa ......106
3068 Beau Ormonde 97 . . : . Frangible 100
(3056) Position ..... 106 ' ,
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Kitty Kelly, Ulm, Einstein;
Second race— Favorlto, . Sam -Green, Phil
Archibald.. • .
Third race — Artvls, Montezuma, Hudson.
Fourth race — "Waterscratch. The Giver, San
Lution.
Fifth race— Young stable, Headwater, The
Pride. I , :!'£/[
Sixth race — Position, Duckoy, Andrisa. .
Track Notes.
The Naglee selling stake will be the
feature of the card at Oakland this after
noon.' .Headwater, . The . Pride, Ordnung,
Sly, Meehanus and Tower of Candles will
be among the starters. j - ...-•...-
Following are the entries:
First race — Mile and ; fifty yards; selling;
four-year-olds and upward:
. 3070 Einstein .....108 3042 Bagdad 108
(30r.2)Miaslon ......113 3070 Ulm ...... ..:108
•3070 Expedient .-. .108 306C Kitty Kelly. ..100
304ft Malaise :."..'. .106 3081 McKamara ...113
(209T)Mont Eagle.. .113 3036 Osmond ..;... 108
3076 Plead 101 30S3 Lost Girl. ....106
Second, race — Mile and three-eighths ; hurdle
handicap; four-year-olds and upward: ; ;..
3O54 Sem Green... 135 .... Solano .......125
3000 Master Lee... 125 3054 St. Anthony.. 125
(3054)Favorlto 150 3054 Distance...... 125
1805 Rosabra .....125 3037 Rio Chico 130
3064 P. Archibald.. 133. 30S4 Finch 125
3070 Dk. of York 11.133
TTiIrd race-^ — Three furlongs; purse; two-year
olds*
3079 Tom Mitchell'.llO 3072 Arabo 113
3072 Hudson" ......113 .... Narcissus ....115
3072 Clarinette 110 3072 Pr. Eugene... 113
3072 Lit. Margaret. 110 3072 Past Master.. 113
. : . . Orfeo 118 Thaddeus 115
3072 Artvts 118 3072 Venecia 110
(3079)Montezuma ..118
.Fourth race — Six furlongs; Belling; three
year-olds :
3020 Waterscratch 1111 3073 Legal Maxim.106
3067 Sen. Bruce... 108 30G1 San Lution. . .105
(30S0)Tlie Giver 1131
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; the
Naglee Selling Stakes; three-year-olds and up
ward:
3069 Gusto 100 3027 Headwater ...107
(3059)T. of Candles. 02 30C2 Goal Runner.. 109
306S Grafter 104 29S9 The Pride 1OO
3CK52 Constellator ..101 3069 Fltzkanet 101
80t52 Sweet Tooth.. 09 3058 Ordnung 107
3019 Meehanus 110 2443 Sly 105
Sixth race — One mile: Bay City Handicap;
three-year-olds ¦ and upward :
STEAMER DISPATCH'S RESCUE WOBK
Continued From Page Three.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The correspondent of
the Daily Mail at Cairo says ' in a dis
patch that several hundred half-starved
Turkish troops mutinied at Bayrout,
Syria, last Sunday, and demanded their
arrears of pay. They attacked the Gov
ernor of the province and the command
ant of the garrison and flogged them. The
mutineers also repulsed the cavalry seni
to rescue the officials. , ¦
Mutiny of Turkish Troops.
Mr. Ward disclaims all knowledge of the
woman, or why she came to hi3 place or
business. Neither does he know what the
capsules contained. .
A woman about the same age^ giving the
name of Miss Claubon,.' suffering from,
hysteria, and" who said she had no home,
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital early last evening.
Mr. Ward immediately notified the po
lice and she was removed to the Harbor
Hospital, ¦where she was treated for hys
teria by Dr. McElroy. For a. time she
failed to answer questions, but when told
that she would be sent to jail, claimed
that she went there out of curiosity. After
resting In the hospital she was discharged.
A woman about 23 years of age. giving
her name as Annie Ward, was takan to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital from the
metallurgical work3 of C. A. Luckhardt,
V Stevenson street, yesterday afternoon,
fane" took a box of capsules to the works
containing a white powder, which she re
quested should be analyzed. When A. H.
Ward, proprietor of the works, informed
her that the firm did not, make chemical
analyses, the woman fell in a faint on the
floor.
When Refused Falls Into a
Hysterical State.
Asks for an Analysis of Capsules and
YOUNG WOMAN CEEATES
* SCENE -IN LABORATORY
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The Bombay corre- 1
Fpondent of the Times says that Maba
roukh, the Sheikh of Kowiet, is moment
arily expecting an attack from lbu
Bashid. the Ameer of Nejd. .who is»,
marching on him. ilabaroukh's capital is
in a state of defense, and the British gun
boats have lent him several field pieces.
The cruisers Perseus and Fox left for c
the Persian Gulf yesterday.
Ameer Marches on Sheikh.
ALL-AMEBICAS DEFEAT
- NATIONALS AT BOWLING
Two Teams of Eastern Baseball Stars
Test Their Skill. at the In
:• . door Game, i
Six members . of \he All-America ¦ base
ball club defeated «. like number of the
Nationals in a bowling match last night.
In three games the winners ran up a
score of 2548 points/ to 2413 for their op
ponents. . <The complete score follows:
In compliance with, the request of the
United States, Germany is awaiting tho
result of - the . revolution : before enforcing
the measures which she expects will re
sult-in the settlement of the, claims of
her subjects against Venezuela.. The
cruiser Gazelle will . leave Germany in a
few days for La Guayara, and the Berlin
Government will then have .five men of
war in the Caribbean Sea. It Is pre
sumed in official circles here that the re
inforcement of the German squadron is
the result of information showing ; that
Castro. proposes to resist any attempts to
occupy La Guayara.
CALL BUREAU; 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— There Will
be no international opposition offered to
the descent of General Matos and 350 of
his, followers Venezuela. .Even if
foreign warships fall in ; with ; the steamer
Ban Eigh, conveying -the 'revolutionary
expedition j to a j port -. of . Venezuela, she
will. not be Interfered with. ; The moral
sympathy of European nations and of the
United States is with the revolutionary
movement," and in view of the fact that
the Ban Righ has been fitted out as a
warship ; at Fort de France, the charge
is - made by. sympathizers of President
Castro that France is actively • encourag
ing the revolution against him. If Castro
succeeds in crushing the . revolt he may
go so far as to .submit a claim for dam
ages against the French . republic. ' Such
a claim will probably receive no consid
eration from the Paris 'Foreign Office,
though international lawyers say that a
government which knowingly permits the
fitting i out of an armed ship for the pur
pose of operating against a state with
which .it. is at peace has committed a
breach of the law of nations and is liable
for damages.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•^On December 1 I made the first pay
ment of $250 to . Sullivan, who signed a
receipt with a fancy name, agreeing' to
furnish me with ten men for a further
payment of $300. Next day he raised the
price to $550. He admitted that this price
v/as illegal and explained that that was
the reason why he did not sign his own
name, adding that unless I paid $550 at
once "he would again raise his price. On
advice of other captains, English and Ger
man, I paid." - .
"I was threatened by Sullivan with hav
ing to go without men if I did not allow
my crew full liberty to desert. I con
sulted the French Consular Agent and
several captains. They all assured me
that Sullivan was such a power in Port
land that I would have to treat him with
consideration and buy sailors at his price.
I had finally to allow my cabin boy,
Eterville. to desert, after several at
tempts to prevent it. The first mate de
serted in open day. I had to return the
effects of the cook, who also deserted his
bread at daylight after stealing a quan
tity of goods.
The captain of the Lamoriciere writes on
December 10 that nine of his men were
so kidnaped. Even a little cabin boy,
Gaston Brossard, he says, was removed
from a hospital and has since disap
peared. He had to buy fresh hands and
pay a fine. The captain of the Bourbakl
writes on October 12 that his men were
supplied with liquor until they became
insubordinate and four deserted. Of
these he arrested three. ' Then, he de
clares, a gang kidnaped five other men
by night from the ship after stupefying
them with liquor. The captain of the
General Mellinet writes: .
As soon as a vessel arrives, . says Schi
vob, this gang entices the men to them
with drugged liquor until they have been
entered as deserters and then sells them
to other captains. This, after all, is
merely a classical form of the "crimping"
trade. It is aggravated against French
captains by - the .imposition of a tine of
jjl25 on each vessel fiyjng the tri-color.
bulllvan. the editor says,, has imposed
this penalty because one of the French
captains insisted on arresting a deserter.
The unfortunate Gauls : whose | crews
have been debauched -and induced to de
sert must therefore pay $125 to the ga.ng
before they can get fresh , hands, for
which they have to pay a further $o5 per
man. As the law of France forbids de
serters to return home, each of the men
led astray is practically lost to his coun
try, ceases to support his wife and fam
ily and diminishes . the strength of the
naval reserve.
PARIS. Jan. 3.— Maurice Schlvob, editor
of the Phare de la Loire, publishes an
other article on what he calls "White
Slave Trade In -American Ports,".' or, in
other words, the "crimping" of French
merchant crews at Portland , Or. Wi linn
a month, he declares, nearly 100 seamen
have been lost to France and eight ships'
crews have been hopelessly disorganized.
All this is said to be' the. work 1 of an or
ganized gang headed by a local political
"doss." a person named Sullivan.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Baron Boilleau had many wealthy
friends in London who would have will
ingly advanced him any sum of money
needed. Among these is the executor of
his mother's will, who lives in one of the
largest mansions in Park lane. Baron
Boilleau, however, kept his troubles to
himself, and when found dead in the. rail
road carriage he had only one penny in
his pocket. His estates in Iceland and in
terests in America, which are intact, are
valuable. V
The suicide was wealthy, but lately he
had spent large sums in endeavoring to
pet the Iceland Parliament to permit
English vessels to lish within the three
mile limit. With this end in view he was
getting up a wealthy English syndicate.
He recently sent to America for £1000,
but only received £2J0, and appeared
despondent at the delay of the Icelanders
in coming to an agreement.
Home Payne, a lawyer, testified that
the deceased, was a French Baron and
the son of a former French Consul Gen
eral in Canada. The Baron had been de
pressed on account of business matters.
He iived in Iceland, where he had a large
estate.
Baron Boilleau's father was formerly
firet secretary of the French legation at
"Washington. He was appointed by Em
peror Napoleon III, and held the addi
tional office of Canadian Consul General.
While in Washington he married Senator
Thomas H. Benton's daughter, thus be
coming a brother-in-law of General Fre
mont. The elder Boilleau later was
French Minister to Peru and married
again. His widow is now living at Pisa.
The suicide was the elder Baron Boil
leau's youngest son by his first marriage.
The deceased had two brothers in Amer
ica. The eldest. Baron Benton Boilleau,
resided at New Orleans.
LONDON, Jan. 3.— A verdict of suicide
during temporary insanity was returned
by a Coroner's jury this morning in the
case of Baron Charles Cauldre Boilleau,
•who was found shot in a railroad carriage
at Loughborough Junction on Sunday.
PARIS, Jan. 3.— The Courier du Soir
publishes another article this evening tc
the effect that the United States is pre
paring . the way for intervention by the
powers in South Africa.
OTTAWA, Ont., Jan. 3.— Lord Kitchen
er cables the Governor General of Canada
accepting the offer of five Canadian
nurses for South Africa. Lord Kltchent-r
asked also that some scouts be sent alon^r
with the contingent which is now berns
organized.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— Lord Roberts has is
sued an official contradiction of -the
stories circulated on the Continent of the
violation of Boer women by the troops in
South Africa and the employment of Boer
female refugees for immoral purposes.
, PRETORIA, Jan. 3.— General Dewet has
ordered the Boer commandants to reUnl
the work of extending the British block
houses at any cost. Further fighting {nay
consequently be expected. General Bruce
Hamilton has captured another Beer
laager and twenty-two prisoners on iha
Swaziland border.
General . Botha has sent a note to all
Boer commandoes requesting them - to
keep on fighting, for the British Parlia
ment is to be asked for another war vote,
which will induce the -British nation to
demand that the war in South Africa bo
stopped.
JOHANNESBURG, Jan. 3.-Lord Mll
ner, the British High Commissioner in
South Africa, started the machinery of
the Johannesburg Star anew to-day, and
the Star has resumed its publication,
which was interrupted by the war. ¦
BRUSSELS, Jan. 3.— The Count, da
Turenne, who holds the grade of Minister
Plenipotentiary in the French diplomatic
service, but who has no. post at present,
has sent a remarkable letter to the Inde
pendence Beige, suggesting a basis for the
settlement of the South African war. The
communication excites comment, not only
on account of the boldness of the diplo
mat in interfering in such questions, but
from the fact that the Count de Turenne
is related to prominent English famil'ea
and at the same time has been intimately
associated with Kruger and the Boer rep
resentatives on the Continent. The Count
asserts that, in view of the present situa
tion, he is confident Kruger will accept
autonomy for the countries south of
Bechuanaland, ' without any restriction
except the suzerainty of Great Britain
ove# their relations with foreign Govern
ments. ! $*SSfl83MM * . -
Howe ver, the ; Movem ent to
Overthrow Venezuela's •
V^Ruler Is Popular.
Meanwhile Boers Under Botha
and Dewet Continue Most
Active.
Letters of Captains Tell of
Wholesale "Crimping"
--; * cf CfewaS^O
Disappointment Reason for
Nobleman Boilleau's
Suicide.
Almost backed off the boards, Floronso
¦with Johnny Woods in the saddle romped
in winner of the final mile and a six
teenth selling affair. The old cripple
showed first from the start, leading, out
Diomed five lengths. Bedeck, starting for.
the first time in Harry Stover's colors, ran
third.
Had Huahuca, favorite for the three
year-old sprint, not been pounds the. best
ne could -not have landed. Away last to
a straggling start, .he gradually wore
down the lead of Nonie and Dr. Scharff
and at the wire beat Ishtar a length. Dr.
Scharff lasted long enough'to take show
honors. . Bragg does not seem capable of
handling any weight. • ¦ i r —
¦ Of the big bunch which started in the
seven-furlong selling affair, Cougar,, the
Elnrwood farm entry, carried the biggest
commissions, closing favorite. The chest
nut horse has bad knees and was unable
to crowd in among the first three. Grand.
Sachem, a. 20 to 1 shot, passed Katie Wal :
cott in the stretch and scored with Hoar
easing up. King Dellls propped down the
backstretch, but finally got' the short end
of the purse. • .
With Sea Lion scratched fronvthe'sec
ond event, the only horse looking to have
a chance to beat Haul of Tarsus was' Ned
Dennis, and the owners of that' gelding
were permuted to ride Winslette, a green
boy. ' As a consequence all the "open and
shut" bettors backed Saul o£ Tarsus oxf
the boards. He won at leisure. Ned
Dennis finished second, in front of Bard
Burns. .
El Mido closed favorite over El Fonse for
the mile and seventy yard curtain-raiser
and just nipped the outsider. Lost Girl, on
the last stride at' the wire.- Mounce, who
rode the first choice, hadtb pick his way
through the bunch and was fortunate to
win. El Fonse died away to nothing with
Spencer. Helen Smith took the show. •
Just three favorites got across the line
first, but the books were hard hit, espe
daily over the wins of El Mido, Saul of
Tarsus, Huachuca and Floronso. Grand
Sachem furnished a surprise by taking the
fifth race at odds of 20 to L
\ fluous amount of .cash it .pos
sessed by he'r disappointing showing in
the San Pedro handicap yesterday at Oak
land. ¦" The mare picked up eleven pounds
from her previous performance, but it was
not figured that 101 pounds would' prove
an anchor and she ruled a. pronounced
favorite. It did, though, for Redfern
could never- get the j Princess ¦ up closer
than third any part of the journey and
finished in that position. Byron : Rose,
piloted by Ransch, and 7 to 2 in the ring,
Won in runaway fashion from Matt Ho
gan, the second ' choice. ' Rey . Dare, j the
only other starter, did not "appear ready
for a grueling contest. -;<:,. • >: : '.; ¦':
PRINCESS TITANIA, the elongat
ed piece of. racing bric-a-brac
from Caesar Young's stable,' sep
arated the talent from any super-
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Such Is the Charge That
Castro. May Soon
' Make.
London Jury Decides the
Reason for Baron's
Death.
Charges Against Port
land Persons Made
by Paris Editor.
French Diplomat Sends
Peculiar Letter on -
South Africa
Grand Sachem Beats a Big Fieldat Odds of 20 to 1— -Huachuca a
Fortunate Winner-— Books "Get a; Scorching- Over Victories of
Floronso: and' Saul of Tarsus— Naglee Selling Stakes To-Day
FRANCE AIDS
REVOLUTIONISTS
ENDS HIS LIFE
WHILE INSANE
COUNT HAS PLAN
TO END THE WAR
FRANCE LOSES
HER SEAMEN
BYRON ROSE DEFEATS MATT HOGAW
FOR THE SAN PEDRO HANDICAP
A LONG SHOT LANDS AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY; JANUARY 4, 1902.
5
AI^L-AMKRICAS.
NATIONALS.
Davis 112 163 173 Steinfeldt .. 140 144 142
Fraser 176 123 150| Bernhard . . 122 14T 1«>
Lee..;..:. 105 143 142 j Barrett .... 78 It35 170
Mercer .... 152 150 1441 Sullivan ... 96 130 143
Hulln ..... 154 109 135 Waddell ... 102 168 117
Cantllllon . 107 115 13ll Pickering ... 162 123 121
Totals .. 80e|8G3lS70| Totals ...|700 8771863
AI^L-AMKRICAS.
NATIONALS.
Davis 112 163 173 Steinfeldt .. 140 144 142
Fraser 176 123 150| Bernhard . . 122 14T 1«>
Lee..;..:. 105 143 142 j Barrett .... 78 It35 170
Mercer .... 152 150 1441 Sullivan ... 96 130 143
Hulln ..... 154 109 135 Waddell ... 102 168 117
Cantllllon . 107 115 13ll Pickering ... 162 123 121
Totals .. 80e|8G3lS70| Totals ...|700 8771863
A'TiVrtR'TTK'ttM'TrM'T'a,
Pears' soap is dried a
whole year. That's why it
lasts so. It wears as thin
as a wafer.
Sold all over the world.
Epilepsy
weakens the body and de-
grades the mind, lp saps
the nervous strength that
is the source of all health,
and perverts the
of every organ. Because
of its stubborn nature, it is
often called incurable. This
is 'not true. There is one
medicine that never fails to-
check the nervous spasms
¦and give new strength to
the entire system. .
. " Our baby boy had epileptic spasms
and the physicians were unable to do
anything to help him. - We heard of
Dr. Miles' Nervine, and from the time
he took the first dose he never had
another attack," Mas. J. Penner,
459 N. Meridian Ave, Anderson, Ind,
D*. Miles' '
Nerviiae
allays nervous irritation,
stops spasms, restores di- ,
gestion and mental vigor.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
¦' Dr. Miles Medical Co, EUchart, lad.That railroad earnings are all .right this v year is
made evident by the . fact ' that !, George Gould has
thought it' worth while to tell the country that he is
ah optimist. . / •.'";¦'¦ ..-'.' '• ;¦
Californians in "Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. . 3.— The following
Calif orniaris , have arrived at the hotels:
Shoreham— P. ¦ C. Perkina; . Raleigh— L. H.
Boch and C. L. Wilcox; National— J. V.
Young, ; San Francisco. StJ James— S. V.
Morden, Los Angeles.
In a frolic recently given by a party of young
ladies for their exclusive entertainment two bad boys
robed as girls sneaked in and had the humiliation of
being discovered by the size of their feet. It is un
fortunate that the affair did not take place in Chi
cago.
The new year looks as if it might be quiet for
'omc months at least, but all the same it is just as
¦.veil to remember that Congress is in session and the
Populists of Kansas are going to have a convention.
There are many doubts as to what Congress will
co in regard tb most of the problems before it, but
it seems conceded it will get away with the surplus.
A Chicago Judge has decided .that- a man who has
a job paying $25 a week can afford to get married,
and. by 1 parity of reasoning it would seem that a loss
of the job would entitle him to divorce. \ These Chi
cago Judges have bright ideas,-|n"d if all their deci
sions were'printed there wouldnever be any lack of
American humor. " ;. . ;
When the United States did not wish to purchase
the Danish West Indies the people of the islands
voted almost unanimously for annexation, but now
that we arc willing to buy them it is said the fickle
people. object; and we may never get them to con
sent again unless we make up our minds not to.an
nex them on any terms.
Because a Pawnee medicine man dreamed he saw
an immense herd of buffaloes coming over the plains
of Oklahoma'the Pawnee braves have concluded tHey
must drive the whites out to make way for the ani
mals, and now there Js a row which -will be serious
unless the medicine man can whirl in and dream that
the white i men have . left.
It is said to have been decided that Congress will
not send a delegation , to attend the coronation of
King Edward. There are lots of members of the two
houses who would enjoy the junket, but hone of
them : has a court dress, and, what is_ more, none. of
them 'would dare face his constituents at the next
election after having worn one. ..
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco— G. A. Knight, H.
G. Tann and wife, I. I. Levitt, W. Ries,
at the Albert; J. L. Flood, Miss C. . J.
Flood, W. H. Laboyteaux and wife, A. B.
Blake,; at the Holland; M. D. Judah, at
the Broadway Central ; A. Clark, Miss
Clark, at the Netherlands P. C. Corcoran
and .wife, at the Metropolitan; ; G. B.
Hecht, W. B. Morrison, at the Manhat
tan; Miss H. Lund, . at the Grand Union;
Dr. McGallyendy-and wife, at the Herald
Square. ., "..
From Los Angeles— M. Hartranft, at the
Gilsey; Ai S. Rouse and wife, at the Ash
land; Mrs. Davidson, at the Cadillac.
From Oakland— C. , Crowell/ at the Im
perial.
From San Jose— E. Haven, at the Hoff
man. : . .
From Santa Clara— L. , L. Morse,' at the
Manhattan. ¦ - S&£StiS96f&l
Calif ornians in New York.
In all the turmoil and hubbub of the Venezuelan
row President Castro has at least one congratulation;
he is friends with nobody. With a revolution on his
hands, with France, Germany and England clamor
ing at his doors and the United States standing dis
dainfully by. Mr. Castro may take what pleasure he
pleases in the thought that he has made a world of
enemies.
ANTS-J. C. F., Oakland. Cal. It is
said that a few, leaves of green' wormwood
scattered among the haunts of black ants
will dislodge and disperse them.; Such
may be destroyed by the use of an infu
sion of four ounces of quassia chips boiled
for ten minutes in; a gallon of water and
then add four ounces of soft soap. -This
should be squirted into the places where
the pests congregate. , Powdered borax, it
is said, will, if sprinkled around Infected
places, exterminate both red and black
ants, r: ¦ "¦¦¦& '-I;-* ,-:' i
Since Iowa has two' members in the Cabinet she
has been blowing a little too much' to please Massa
chusetts, and so a Boston paper rises to remark that
Secretary Hay has his summer home in New Hamp
shire, Secretary Shaw Ayas born and ; reared in Ver
mont, . Secretary , Long lives in Massachusetts and
Secretary Payne was born there, and, finally, Secre
tary Hitchcock -was educated in 'New. England.
Upon that showing it is expected Iowa will go .way
It is to be noted y that while the smaller banks have
as a rule been established 1 for the purpose of getting
the benefits of circulating notes, the larger banks
have not, had that object in view. A report from
Washington- says: "The bonds deposited to secure
circulation by the smaller banks were $4,731,600 in
par value, or a little more than one-third of;the capi
tal of the banks. In the case of the larger banks the
bonds deposited were only $6,872,500 in par value, or
considerably less' than 25 per cent of capital."
The v increase in the number of national banks does
not represent an equal - increase in the -number of
banks in the country, as many of them have ' but
taken the places of other banking institutions. Be
tween the passage of the gold; act and;' the. close of
last November 108 State banks, with a total capital
of $8,240,000, were converted into national banks."
i One gratifying feature of the operation of the Jaw
The increase in the number of banks has not been
accompanied by anything like a proportionate in
crease in the amount of capital invested. That" is due,
to the fact that most of the new banks have been es
tablished under the clause- of the^ law which for. the
first time authorized the establishment of national
banks with a capital of less than $50,000. Within
the interval under consideration there have ' been
chartered 518 such banks, having an aggregate capi
tal of $13,559,500, forming about two-thirds of the
total number of new banks, but having less than one
third of their aggregate capital.
AN estimate of' the beneficial effectiveness of the
new "banking law may be derived from the
statement that from the enactment of the gold
standard law, on March 14, 1000, down to the close
of November last there has been a net increase of 692
national banks; located in well nigh every part of the
country. The increase is the more notable because
a good many of the older banks have closed up or
consolidated with others during the period. More
over, the full benefits of the law have not yet been
attained, for recent reports from Washington an
nounce that in the first half of December ten addi
tional national banks were chartered, and the Comp
troller's office has on file upward of 100 approved'ap
plications for charters. . •
BANKING FACILITIES.
"I have heard Cardinal Imperial! say:
'There is no man whom fortune does not
visit once in' his life; but when" she does
not find him 'ready to receive her she
walks in at the door and flies out at the
window.' "
A. FRENCH QUOTATION— Reader,
City. The quotation submitted is from
the French of Montesquieu (16S9-1755) and
is to be found in his "Pensees Diverses."
Translated it is: -.
CHILDREN'S GARMENTS—Subscrib
er, Sonoma, Cal. A person who makes
children's garments apd then goes from
house to house offering to sell such be
comes a peddler and must have a license.
There is, however, no objection to secur
ing orders and delivering the goods.
ing the Finns to be Russians was being carried out
briskly. At the rate of forty lessons a week, backed
by the birch rod, a child would probably learn Rus
sian pretty pronto whether he wished to or not. . /
A short dispatch from St. Petersburg announces
the dismissal of the superintendent of a school in
Finland because he refused to introduce into the cur
riculum a scheme of studies including forty lessons a
week in Russian. That looks as if the task of teach-
LABORERS' WAGES— Subscriber, Orin
da. ¦ The question asked in relation to the
amount a laborer can collect from a firm
he has been working for is not sufficient
ly clear to enable this department to un
derstand what you desire to know.
THREE-CENT PIECE— J. C. F., Oak
land, Cal. Eastern catalogues show that
dealers offer from 25 to 50 cents for a sil
ver three-cent piece of 1865, according to
the state of preservation it is in. "
ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA—Tech
nique, Stockton, Cal. This department
suggests that you read "Antony and
Cleopatra" for the answers to the several
questions asked. ;' /'f- '¦¦-';
HANDBALL-S.^ City. If In playing
handball the ball jiinders one of th© play
ers and hits up in the court it should be
played over again.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Dyspeptic American <In Liverpool shop)
—How .much for those hot water bottles?
I expect to be sick on the way over, and
I want something I can keep on my
stomach. — Harlem Life. ¦
First Golfer— What the deuce is that
horrible odor around here?
Second Golfer— Dot vos mine pet
scheme. I put limburger cheese on der
balls und den I don't lost 'em, ain't it?—
Judge.
Mrs. Gull (angrily)— I heard what you
said to that Miss Seamew.
. Mr. Gull— Heard what?
Mrs. Gull — Heard you say just as plain
as day, "Meet me at the pier, dearest."
Mr. Gull— Oh, rats! You just ran into
one of those wireless messages from that
steamer.— Judge.
George E. Goodman, a banker of Napa,
is at the Palace.
Jules Roger "Whal of Paris is? at the Pal
ace with his wife.
"Willis P.ke of Fietno Is among the ar
rivals at the Grand.
Dr. T-homas Flint and wife of San Juan
are guests at the Palace. ,
E. A. Douthitt, Assistant Attorney Gen
eral of Hawaii, leaves to-day -with his
bride on the Alameda for the islands.
Leasing Rosenthal, a prominent busi
ness man of Chicago, is touring the coast
with his wife. They are at present stay
ing at the PaJace.
"W. H. Bullen has been appointed Pa
cific Coast agent of the Grand Trunk
lines, with headquarters at Los Angeles,
vice "W. F. Botsford, resigned.
The Army and Navy Journal, the organ of the
united service, expresses the opinion that Secretary
Root's humiliation of General Miles in a published
order was not only unjustified but was itself a viola
tion of the articles of war. Such an act toward the
general of the army is held by the Journal to be dis
tinctly a punishment that could be legally adminis
tered only after the officer receiving it had been con
victed by a court-martial, and there is evidence that
this view is approved by army officers. The older
men among them recall the trying experiences many
worthy soldiers had during the reign of Secretary
Stanton, who during the Civil War did not hesitate
to treat even President Lincoln with indignity, and
who sometimes seemed to inflict humiliation upon
officers for the mere pleasure of showing his temper
and his power. The country is not in ; the highly
passionate condition «vhich characterized that period
and will not accept a return to methods that were
then a parr*6f the whirlwind.
Obviously only one way was open, and that the
separate expression of his opinion. He would have
held a questionable place in history had he signed
the findings and, after his official function had ceased,
had stated his differing judgment. In such case he
would have laid himself liable to discipline for unoffi
cial criticism of a judgment in which he had appar
ently concurred officially. He did the only thing left
possible to a brave officer and honest gentleman in
his situation. His expression was therefore the offi
cial utterance of the president of the court, in dis
sent from his colleagues. Civilians are not yet able
to see just why General Miles' comment on that
public and official record was an injurious violation
of army discipline. Among civilians the question
runs, Would he have been harshly reproved and
humiliated if he had dissented from Dewey's view
and rebuked him for its expression?
The Schley hearing was a public and official mat
ter. Admiral Dewey presided over the court of in
quiry with commendable firmness and fairness. ' If
the balance tipped it was not his fault. As president
of the court he was compelled by the regulations io
certify the findings by his signature. With the find
ings, however, he did not agree. They represented
the judgment of the two other admirals who, with
Dewey, composed the court. As they did not record
his full judgment how was Admiral Dewey to make
his dissent known to the service and the country?
' I sharp reproof of General Miles by the Sec-
J retary of War for remarks approving the con
*• elusions of Admiral Dewey in the Schley case
has proved interesting to civilians.
MILITARY DISCIPLINE.
Such being the case, it is certain that while the
effort now being made in Paris to induce. capitalists
to enter upon a comprehensive scheme for connect
ing- our railway system with that of Russia may fail,
a good deal of railway construction will be under
taken in the immediate future in Alaska. Thus there
will be formed a northern movement ' of American
lines which sooner or later will have comparatively
close connection with the Russian roads. The great
undertaking as a ' whole may. therefore be . accom
plished by piecemeal, as it were, in a period compara
tively short. There was a time! when it was sup
posed that a railroad across what was called "the
American . desert" would be unprofitable. In that
desert there are now established some of the most
prosperous of American communities. The Alaskan
wilds may prove in the end to be as profitable to
railway construction as was the so-called desert.
In his recent report upon Alaska the Secretary of
the Interior, after giving statistics of the output of
gold, says: "Silver and platinum have been found in
paying quantities, and there have been allegations of
the discovery of tin and cinnabar. Mountains' of
iron are available, but very little attention is paid to
iron on account of the search for gold. Copper
mines have been opened upon the shores of Prince
William Sound, Prince of Wales Island and Dall Isl
and. The Governor expresses the opinion that the
mining interests of Alaska have become so extensive
and valuable as to render advisable the appointment
of a Commissioner of Mines, whose duty would be
to exercise general supervision over the mining
operations of .the district, to protect mining compa
nies against unjust litigation for damages, and to re
quire the companies to conform to regulations ; pre
scribed for the protection of miners."
. That Alaskan railways, through the mining regions
at any rate, would prove even more profitable than
the Siberian line, can hardly be questioned. The re
cent explorations of the country have proven it to
be one of the richest mineral regions in the world.
Gold is by no means the only m ! that could be
profitably mined if once railways constructed to
provide cheap freights between the seaboard and the
interior. , '
There can.be no question that the frozen north is
much richer than was supposed by *even" the best in
formed people a few years ago. The Russians them
selves did not know the wealth of Siberia nor the
profits' that would accrue from the construction of
a railway across its vast plains. The road was under
taken mainly for military purposes. No great
amount of traffic was looked for, and accordingly it
was constructed 'as inexpensively as possible. .No
sooner, however, was the Siberian country opened up
than traffic increased, and American. Consuls in Rus
sia have reported that one of the reasons for the slow
advance of the line is that large stretches of it have
had to be torn up and relaid with heavier rails and
stronger roadbeds to accommodate the traffic that so
unexpectedly sprung up. • • . .
-The propose/! route has been discussed in a specu
lative way for a long time. 'In fact, ever since the
Russian Government entered earnestly upon the
gigantic task of constructing a railway across Siberia
the thought that the line might be eventually
brought into close connection with American lines
has been in the public mind. The unexpectedly
large traffic that has followed the building of the
Siberian line has had the effect .,, of . reviving the
greater project from time to .time arid giving it an
increased amount of attention from practical men.
Of late the extraordinary development of Alaska has
further strengthened the hopes of the advocates '¦[ of
such a connecting line between the two continents,
so that the Paris reports may mean, the beginning at
least of a serious effort to accomplish the project.
A CCORDING to reports from Paris a number
' A\ of enterprising men in that city are endeav
/ *¦ oring to enlist capital to undertake the con
struction of a railway to connect the Siberian sys
tem with American roads so as to open a through
line from Paris to New York. It is said a' number
of Americans, and Russians are interested in the en
terprise, which is described as being feasible and cer
tain to be profitable. -»
ALASKAN POSSIBILITIES.
SATURDAY .• JANUARY 4, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
litrtn All r«mmcn!«tioni to W. S. LEAKS. K»r»7tr.
MIVACER'S OFFICE ...:.;.. Telephone Pre»* 2O4
PCBLICATION OFFICE... Market nnd TUird, S. F.
Telephone Pres» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Frcn* 2O2.
Delivered Iiy Carrier*. Ifi C-nt« Per Weelc
Single Copies. 5 Cent*. .
Terms by Mall. Including Postage!
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year JS-00
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). « I- anths t.W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months.. 1-50
DAILT CALL-By Single Month «j*
6CNDAY CALL. One Year 15 °
WEEKLY CALL. One Year '.. 1>00
All postmaster* «re nnthorlied to receive
¦ubxcrlptlona.
Cample copies will be :orwarded when r*qwsted.
M«I1 subscribers In crderfte change of afidres* should b«
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt ana correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGSESS.
Ktsmgcr foreign AcrertUiiig. HiriwtU Building CMe»g;».
fLonc Distance TeleDhone "Central 261S.**>
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald San*"
JCEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH. ...... .30 Tribune Unlldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eberman Hosk; I*. O. News Cc~: Cre*t Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140G G St.. I*. "W.
BiORTOX E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
BBJLXCB. OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
irotll $:» o'clock. 3C0 Hayea. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until »:M o'clock. €15 Larkin. opea until
•:» o'clock. ISti Mission, cp»n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
eorser Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 109S Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
BOO Flllxnore. open until I ji. m.
The offer of the Panama company to sell their
canal to the United States for $40,000,000 has been
favorably received by many influential papers in the
East, and there is, danger it may lead to anotherde
lay in beginning the work. Those who - favor the
Nicaragua route and wish to have the enterprise un
dertaken at once must prepare to work lively.'
PERSONAL MENTION.
In the month of January oi each year, in
addition to the facts and statements required
of water supplies, a further statement seal*
be therewith filed with the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors showing under oath the na
ture and cost of properties added during the
preceding year and devoted to such water sup
ply use, and also similarly of properties that
have, during the second period, gone into disuse
in such water supply, and also showing the
total quantity of water supplied to the" clly
Provided further, however, that the money
cost shall be inclusive of legal interest during
the period of construction for utilization; that
no value earned, or claimed to be earned by
special use In connection with water supply
shall be considered as part of the money cost;
that riparian rights, lands solely watershed
lands, or works for filtering or purifying water
shall not be considered part of the investment
cost; that if part only of the service of any
of the works shall be actually devoted to tha
supply of water to San Francisco, then only
the proportionate part of the cost of such part
of the works shall be counted as partaking of
the investment, but no deduction shall be
made when part of a reservoir,' canal, tunnel,
submarine conduit or right of way capacity
1b used or to be used In connection with the
development of power or transportation.
(c) — That for the purpose of determining the
gross earning power, the amount of twelve and
one-half (12%) cents for each and every 1DOO
gallons delivered and distributed during the
preceding year is declared the just and
reasonable price for water and 5 per cent the
just and reasonable basis of estimation of the
capitalization.
(b) — Additionally to this money cost, the
value of the franchise or. water rights, which
is hereby declared to be the capitalized sum
based on the. net earning power of the water
delivered, after deducting from the gross earn
ing power Interest at the rate of five (5) ycr
cent on the cash investment aforesaid anci the
f.ctua! operating jr.uir.-ou-ruo an.* taxation
expenses.
(a) — The money cost of lands, structures
and machinery actually in use -in whole or In
part in the storing and diversion of water from
its natural channels or situs and in the c:n
veying or distributing of the water to the
city and county of San Francisco, and the in
habitants thereof.
Provided, that in the exercise of the powers
named in this section the Supervisors may
consider the investment of any person or per
sons, company or corporation engaged in the
business of supplying water to the municipality
of San Francisco and the inhabitants thereof,
and that such investment so under considera
tion shall be limited to the following elements,
viz: . . ,
Proposed Charter Amendment.
Add to section 14, chapter- 2, of the charter,
the following: .
boards of supervisors, the belief is not re
movable with the law asr it stands.
• As it' is, there is no rule to limit the acts
of the Board of Supervisors. They must deter
mine the valuation of the investment and then
must determine a fair compensation or inter
est rate on It. Finally, they fix rates, dis
tributing the payment of the compensation
among the consumers. The investment Is thus
made a variable quantity for which there is
no fixed rule of estimation. Experience has
shown that ' the current rate of interest is
eeslly ascertalnable, and not disputed to any
cerious extent as being a fair measure of com
pensation. The Investment valuation, however,
is. as experience has demonstrated, an uncer
tain matter in the absence of a rule for esti
mating It. Really its ascertainment should be
a purely formal matter, incapable of being
made. the subject of a dispute. If eliminated
as a disputable matter and made a matter of
record the writer believes private capital could
be induced to consider a proposition to bring
water Into San Francisco from the- Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
To effect its elimination the writer has pre
pared the following rule for estimating the
valuation of a, water works for the fixing of
water rates, which is suggested as an amend
ment, to the charter:
The first difficulty that would deter private
enterprise is the belief that the power of the
Board of Supervisors In fixing water rates
might be exercised to practically. confiscate the
Investment or at least impair its earning power.
The belief is based on the annual wrangle
with the Spring Valley "Water "Works and the
difficulty Oakland has with the Contra Costa
Water Company. While a new company with
water in its works and with no water in its In
vestment would not - come in conflict with
ANSWERS TO, QUERIES.
Official Estimates Not Justified.
The so-called estimates of cost of the City
Engineer and Board of , Public Works ranging
from $31,205,200 to $39,400,000 have no Justifi
cation in engineering business or morality.
They are simply a scandalous fraud on the tax
payers of San Francisco who have paid $50,000
for a pretense of what was expected for the
money.
The bringing in of water from the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains by private capital is possible,
but two difficulties are in the way .that make
it improbable that it would be undertaken.
There Is an existing condition as well that may
make it impossible. :
The water supply that this city needs now
can be brought to it from the moutnalns, ex
cluding the cost of a city distributing system,
from the five possible sources in the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains, for from $10,000,000 for the
nearest to not more than $17,000,000 for the
most remote. No private company would pro
vide works other than such that these sums
would pay the cost which includes contractors'
profits of construction. The city should not do
more or pay more than a private corporation.
Tho cost of bringing a water supply . from
the Sierra Nevada Mountains is readily deter
minable. The pipes and excavation are meas
ureable quantities. Both can be bought at
prices which are readily and accurately known.
It is not necessary to build the works for the
people who will live in San Francisco in its
distant future. | Those people can jj pay for
their own \ water . works. The, people here to
day, do all that the future can In reason expect
when they, provide for that future its source
of. supply and pay for It for tfie future. So
Tar as works for bringing the water to the
city are concerned it is neither business nor
necessity which would require more than what
would supply the people here now. "A private
enterprise for profit would certainly do no
more than this and the city should not. • ""
There is no physical condition in the general
problem of bringing a water supply to San
Francisco .from the Sierra Nevada Mountains
that necessitates ; the fantastic plans proposed
by the j City Engineer. There is no real occa
sion for the . childish fears of unknown dan
gers with which. he seeks to justify his plans.
The public should not be deceived by tho City
Engineer's and the Board of Public "Works' in
firmities of effort. ' -• ,
The engineering problem of bringing water
from any of these sources is nofdifflcult. Noth
ing in the way of construction is required to
be , done ' that is not already an accomplished
successful construction in \ other! water works.
The 'pipe lines are long, but longer ones are in
use elsewhere already. The pressures on the
pipes projected would be less than on water
supply pipes . already in use. The pipes would
be of - larger . diameter, but there are larger
diameters in use in the water supply of nearby
cities. Dams have to be built; but they ar<\
insignificant structures when compared with
dams built for the water supply" of other
cities. The conduits have to be tunnels for
greater or less distances, but other water sup
ply systems now have longer and 'more , diffi
cult tunnels in service. The. conduits would
cross rivers and it may be the San Francisco
Bay. Other cities bring their water supplies
under or through rivers, lakes and bays, under
severer conditions and for longer distances than
would be required here. . ¦
never-falling : supply, of water" to meet
the anticipa table' requirements of a million
population. Two of these (sources could meet
the anticipatable requirements of two million
or more of population. ¦¦¦'
EDITOR of The Call:. There are at least
five - sources ' of . water supply in the
¦ Sierra Nevada Mountains, any one of
' which will give to San, Francisco a puie
(The Call does not hold itself responsible for the opinions published below, but presents them for whatever value they may have to its readers.)
Operating under this amendment the private
enterprise to get a value on its franchise
would have to sell water. Until It sold some
thing like 3O,0CO,00O gallons a. day it would
have no franchise valuation whatever. The
amendment doe3 not Impair the power of tha
Board of Supervisors to make at different
times 3. 4, 5. 6 or " per cent as the rate of
Interest they will allow as Income on the
Investment. On the other hand the private
enterprise has every Incentive to economy and
no incentive to waste or extravagant expendi
ture. The reason for excluding watershed
lands and works for purifying and protecting
the quantity or purity of the water is that
the risk of the quantity and quality is the
risk of the purveyor, j He is presumed to know
the limitation in Quantity of the water he la
doing business with and is presumed to pur
vey pure water.
The writer believes It would be much to
the advantage of the city to adopt the amend
ment suggested and that capital would then
consider and take up the bringing of water to
San Francisco. The second difficulty with th«
first overcome would not be regarded as serious.
It Is the practically complete displacement of
tha Spring Valley Water "Works as a sup
plier of water. It would have to be done to
make the business profitable. It could be done,
however, and private enterprise would not fear
the commercial risk of competition.
Spring 1 Valley Supply -Inadequate.
The condition that might make private en
terprise impossible is of a more serious nature.
The writer personally knows from an exam
ination of the San Mateo reservoirs and tha
records of the reservoirs and water supplies
as declared by H. Schus3ler. chief engineer of
the company, there Is not now water enough
in these reservoirs used together with all that
the company can get from Alameda County and
Lake Merced to supply the city through th«
current Also that a rainfall of not less
than 15 Inches In San Francisco before April 1
will be required to make up the deficiency.
Fifteen inches of rain can come, but it may
not. If not what then ? The grave conse
quences you write of will be on the city.
The mischief will be done before any steps
foward averting it can be expected from
private enterprise. "Whether it would be bet
ter for private enterprise to provide a water
supply or for the municipality to provide It
would hardly be a practical question. The city
if it would avert the consequences of not hav
ing a water supply at all In time would seem
compelled to act in its own behalf simply be
cause' it could not afford to wait on the un
certainty of private enterprise.
RUSSELL. I* DTTNN.
San Francisco. Jan. 1. ."*.'..
and Its inhabitants during the preceding year.
In the event that any person or persons,
company or corporation shall hereafter con
struct water works for the supply of water to
the city and county and to the inhabitant*
thereof it shall have the right to make to
the Board of Supervisors a format declaration
of Its Intention together with a statement of
Its • money expenditures on account of said
works a3 Inventoried on the ta.ee of said state
ment and thereupon the Board of Supervisors
shall by asent make a verification of the In
ventory and money expenditures and on such
verification being made shall record it in their
proceedings and thereafter the inventory and
money expenditure verified shall be considered
in all proceedings before the Board of Super
visors as having been finally determined and
adjudicated.
The amendment 33 suggested above has been
drafted with ereat care and it Is believed
that its adoption would be constitutional and
not in conflict with the existing statute. Tha
object of the law as It stands Is to prevent
extortion from the Imposition of an unfair
price for water. Why not then agree on and
declare- what Is a fair price and fix it as a
Jurlsdlctional fact in the charter? Twelve and
one-half cents per 1000 gallons 13 suggested as
a fair price. It is about one-half the pr?sent
price of the Spring Valley water. With mu
nicipal ownership a price as low a3 8 cents
could probably be had. but a private enterprise
cannot build entirely on borrowed money nor
can It borrow at 3Vi Per cent.
The fight will soon be on in both houses of Con
gress. The country is flooded with the .specious
statements of the junta. The organization is perfect
and works day and night. The farmers of the coun
try are great; but unorganized, and their side is un
heard except in the papers friendly to their cause. In
each State they should take care of their members of
Congress. How is it with California? How do our
members stand?
That is the compromise to which .the junta intends
to retreat, and it should be resisted just as firmly as
the picket line of free sugar is resisted.
All that is sound and sensible. It is unanswerable.
It states the situation with great clearness. But in
the same editorial the Tribune walks right into the
last ditch of the junta" by saying: "The duty on 'raw
sugar should remain as it is, with one proviso. That
is, it may be expedient 'to admit Cuban sugar on
terms more favorable than those given to other for
eign sugars."
Certain Eastern papers which oppose free sugar
are already proposing a compromise. The Chicago
Tribune says, truly and forcibly, that, the agents of
the junta "will argue that the revenues of the Gov
ernment are too large, and that no-simpler or better
method of reducing them can be found than that of
taking off the sugar duty. The natural reply to such
an argument as this is that tampering with the>sugar
duty to reduce the icvenues has been tried before.
It was resorted to in 1890, so that high duties on
manufactured goods might be retained. The conse
quences were disastrous. " A surplus became a deficit.
The Republican party surely will not be guilty of the
same blunder twice. The revenues are excessive.
The way to redu«e them is to take off the war taxes
which remain on the statute books. These were im
posed with the implied understanding that when the
war ended they would be taken off.- The people
would much rather get rid of them than of a sugar
tax they do not feel."
\ We appeal to the press" of this State to get into
action and" to rouse the people. So far but one gen
eral demand has been made upon our delegation.
They are under instructions to re-enact the Chinese
exclusion law. That is an issue in every Congres
sional district in the State, upon which every member
must answer to his immediate constituency. But
beet sugar is not yet grown in every district. Some
members may yield to the pressure which is pulver
izing a Cabinet and bringing into action the guns of
the War Department, in the expectation of justifying
themselves at home upon the plea that their, districts
were not interested in the subject. But this will not
be a correct statement- Every acre in beets anywhere
in California is withdrawn as a productive competitor
of an acre elsewhere that will yield more profit to its
owner in another crop. The interests of a great State
like this cannot be segregated. They wax or wane
together.
To supply the domestic consumption of sugar in
this country will require 40,000,000 acres of land and
employ thereon 400,000 people. ," Do our members
comprehend the importance of such Tin : industry and
will they stand by it against the War Department,
the generals and the junta? " „ •
Governor Taft of the Philippines has suggested a
reduction of 50 per cent in the existing sugar tariff
as applied to the Philippine product. The' junta has
seized upon this and is ready .to fall back upon it for
Cuban sugar if routed from their demand for free
trade. The proposition should not be . accepted,
either for the Philippines or Cuba. The California
members should hear from home on this subject.
This Statehas many peculiar interests at stake. Our
fruit and its products need the intelligent attention of
our members, to the end that producers may not suf
fer from sentimental reciprocity planned in behalf
of manufacturers and pleaded. as a means of enlarg
ing their exports. Our beet sugar industry is the
junior of our agricultural family. It adds a valuable
crop for rotative use of. land! As wheat declines
sugar takes its place. Our sugar profit may soon
equal that of wheat and fruit combined. .
HOW do our California members of Congress
stand on free Cuban sugar? Will they not
only refuse to vote for free sugar, but also
stand against any abatement of the existing tariff?--
SUGGESTS A CHARTER AMENDMENT
TO ENABLE PRIVATE WATER SUPPLY
is that it has increased the;, banking facilities of dis
tricts of the; country "remote '" from the gr^at finan
cial centers. Thus a larger number of the . new na-
ticnal banks have been established in Texas than in
any other State. ; , Other sparsely settled States also
rnak^'a good showing, and it seems safe to conclude
tha'. the law is I working beneficially to the whole
country.
CALIFORNIA SUGAR,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 19U2.
The rainfall in December is said . tqi have been the
smallest since 1878. ; It gave us a glorious Christmas
season,but now we would like a change. ¦•
6
C6 ysmnry mnr» a g s 6 g'a "o~o"g o a a a a a THroTa tp\
o jLPJUUlftflJLg-P-P-R 0 ftP-ff-Q ° QPOPPPgag Q.SL2JL a
°2 riPYT -' is
00 100
I Sunday's i
too . W oex
)O0( ' r~ :^ - ; J 00
oS Willi JAN - g * t9 ° 2 ' 65
00 . - - ••'"_- _¦¦.,.. . |Oo
IZ Read the Story b* the £S
I Man Who Lives I
• ; ¦¦-_ . 00 Joo
o |a Among Skeletons B c
Read The Reindeer Queen of Alaska Read
Sunday's How the "^mtimers" Sunl!a ¥' s
Cal1 - Spent their Holidays Call<
>— r^. ...Read the... ZZ ~«
II Wolfville Stories ||
joo By Alfred Henry Lewis. |oo
£3 The Best Western Stories Ever Written. £o t
cSj ' PAGES OF FICTION and f j££j *
£3 ' HUMAN INTEREST STORIES, fc
'oo| The Famous Masked Wrestler of gi
£3 - Now Lives in San Francisco |°«
|ii THErSUNDAY CALL |i
00 \ Is the' High-Qass g«
22 Literary Paperof the West. GS
jooj 8-Pages In Colors That g,
fe Are Pleasing to the Eye-8 gi
¦ g"' -.¦¦¦•.--- --- - U o
- y» K woo'o <f yoTroTTB"TroTnroTfTnra~6"a sinnnrsTrs Z
V^ojLPJlPJULPJLJLPJUlPJj^
AMUSEMENTS.
Central — "The Two Si*tera."
Alcazar — "Charley'B Aunt." -'.V
Columbia — "Janice Meredith."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Lady of Quality."
California — "Blade Patti Troubadors.'*
Tivcii — "Little Red Kidlntr Hoofl."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vasco Ban Game.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candjr".' Townsend'a*
CaL Glace Fruit BOc per 1b at Townsend's. •
Special ,' Information . supplied .daily, to
business ' houses and public : men ty tha
Press Clipping Eureau (Allen's), 510 Monv>
somery street. Telephone Mala 1043^ - «Goes AshorJVin Dutch Harbor and Will Probably Be Total Loss.
Captain James McKenna, Master of the Vessel, Seems to Have
Played His Last Card in the Game Against Misfortune
STEAM WHALER FEARLESS IS A WRECK
IN THE FROZEN SEAS OF THE NORTH
TO SAIL.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. - ¦ Times and ¦ Heights :. of High and Low
;•" Waters at f Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. - Published by official ¦ au
thority i of the Superintendent. • \.\y-;.'
NOTE— The " high and; low waters occur at
• Sun, : Moon ; and Tide.
Professor Burt Estes Howard of Leland
Stanford Jr. University will lectura to
night, before tho. Economic League 'at
Academy of Science Hall. ¦ His v . subject
will'be '.'The Evolution: of Economic and
Religious Ideas, Education 'and Democ-
Lecture by Professor Howard.
" NOTE— In ' the ' above exposition * of ' tho tides
the early I morning ; tides are , given In tbe lett
band I column and the successive I tides . of ths
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth i time , column : gives the last tide of tho
day, except whenttbere are but three tides,' aa
sometimes occurs. . The '¦ heights given are ' in
addition to the soundings of the united States
Coast Survey. Charts except when a minus (— >
sign precedes the height.) and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low > waters.
¦ The Time ' Ball - on the tower - of .. the Ferry
building .was dropped | exactly at noon to-day.
1. - e.. at - noon ' of the . 120th- meridian, or at 8
p.. m., Greenwich mean time. " ¦ » ¦ ¦ ¦• -
: W. H. STANDLBT, :
\ Lieutenant U. S, Navy, in Chare*.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. . N. Mer
¦ chants' , Exchange, ; San , Francisco ' Cal
' January 3, 1002. ' , . ¦, ¦
Time Ball.
' Forecaster McAdle reports that no rain
fell in California yesterday." "Washington
and the northern part of Oregon, how
ever, were thoroughly drenched and- the
storm appears to be moving southward,
so that there is a possibility of a shower
this afternoon. .-.--¦ ¦ .-
Rain Misses California.
The combination and handle of the safe
were knocked off with a hammer. A hole
was drilled into the outer door, filled with
dynamite and exploded. This shattered
the outer door and a similar attack was
made on the inner door, which also yield
ed. Two distinct reports were heard In
the neighborhood. ' Nothing was found in
the safe, as all the money had been re
moved the previous afternoon. Detectives
Graham and Fitzgerald have the matter
in hand. ' . *¦
Burglars broke Into. the barn of Charles
H. Healey at 3142 Mission street on Tues
day night and wrecked the safe. A hole
was cut hi the side of the barn large
enough to admit a large sized man. The
safe was In an adjoining structure and
entrance was effected Into this building
In a similar way.
Year's Eve.
Use Dynamite in. Strong Box in
Charles H. Healey ? s Barn New
BURGLARS BREAK SAFE
BUT GET NO PLUNDER
' Be Revoked.
The Merchants' , Association met yester
day and decided to take steps for'the en
couragement of a larger tourist travel- to
San Francisco. Efforts will be made to
seture- from the railway companies an
agreement to sell round-trip tickets to
Central California on conditions equally
as fair and reasonable as those issued to
travelers to the southern part of \ the
State, f
. The recent riots of soldiers near the Pre
sidio, which had their, oriein in saloon
quarrels were discussed with the- result
that a communication was ordered sent
to . the Police Commission recommending
that the licenses of saloon-keepers in that
neighborhood be revoked as the only
means of preserving the peace.
•The various propositions to be included
In the bond issue for. public improvements
were considered. A special committee
was appointed to report upon the plans of
the City: Engineer for the improvement
of Telegraph Hill. •
censes, for Saloonists Near the
Association Demands That the Li-
MERCHANTS TO ENCOURAGE "
* LARGER TOTTRIST TRAVEL
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Despatch,
hence Jan 1, for Portland: stmr. Pomona, hence
Jan 2. :- . , . ¦ ¦ .. . , .
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 3 — Etmr Bertha,
from* Valdez. ¦;•• ;•:;• . ' .
Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Dirlgo, ¦ from Skagway;
stmr Rainier, hence -Dec 31.
' Bailed Jan < 3 — Btmr Robert Dollar, for Ta
coma; -'Jap stmr - Shlnano Maru, for : Hong
kong. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 3, 10 > p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 6 miles per hour. ~
TELEGRAPHIC.
* Friday, January 3.
. Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, . '
. Stmr Gicay, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria. . ; • '.
Stmr Arctic, Erlckson. .
U S stmr Hugh McCulloch/ Falling, to scene
of wrecked stmr Walla Walla, to search for
missing boats and passengers.
Br chlD Sir Robert Fernie, Cannon, Hull.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christianson, Coos Bay.
SAILED.
• Friday, January 3.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria: O R &
N Co.* •
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodali, Perkins A Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmith; R
DuiiKmulr's r Sons Co.
Ship S P Hitchcock, Gates, New York; John
Rosenfeld's Sens.
. Ger shin Elfrieda. Meyer, Queenstown; Gir
vin & Eyre.
Br ship Chelmsforo, Burd, Queenstown; Sol
Warzcnheim & Co. • • .
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & ¦ Co. '
CLEARED.'
Friday. January 3.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 105 hours from Se
attle, j
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, ¦ 14 hours from Al
bion. ¦
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlfglns, 20 hours from Port
Harford. ¦>
Ger stmr Xicarla, Brunst, 121 days from
Hamburg and way ports. • ,
Bargft Santa Paula, McOovern,- 33 hours from
Ventura; ud river direct; in tow tus Rescue.
Schr Louise, Farhka, 15 ; days lrpm San
Pedro.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. BOSTON, Jan. 3.— Information from
Washington shows that Captain Richard
B; Leary, United 1 - States navy, who died
at Chelsea recently, died a rear admiral
without being conscious of the fact. It
.was a promotion which he had. looked for,
and it is said to have been the one thing
which troubled him in his; last moments.
The appointment was made the same day
he died, but it was only when his broth
er-in-law,' Dr. . I win, returned from his
funeral at Minneapolis that the appoint
ment was made known.. ;
the city front , (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the came at both places.
Bear Admiral on Day of His
Death.
Richard Leary of the Navy Made
DIES WITHOUT KNOWING
OF HIS ADVANCEMENT
The ship S. P. Hitchcock was cleared yes
terday for New York with the following cargo:
300,000 gals and 3 cs wine, 5120 cs canned sal
mon, C37 bbls asphalt, 10 pkgs . artillery, -300
bblB grease, 1 cs cement, 1084 sks mustard
seed,' 3 pkgs household goods, 2302 pkgs old
army goods, 14 pkgs pumps, 4442 ctls rye, C4
bales rags, 11 crts shoe dressing, 3 lots scrap
Eteel. 89 cs scrap tin, 8 pkgs soda fountains,
300 bbls tallow. 9 cs tooth wash, 116 csks whale
cil.
A Cargo for New York.
A resolution heartily Indorsing the
George Washington Memorial Association
In Its efforts to establish a great national
university at Washington, but recom
mending that It make no effort to secure
funds by contribution from schools, was
unanimously passed. A resolution deplor
ing the attitude of the University of Cali
fornia In making Latin an entrance re
quirement to all culture courses was
voted down. The following persons were
appointed additional members of the
Council of Education in accordance, with
yesterday's action, increasing that body
from fifteen to' twenty-five members: O.
W. Erlewine, Sacramento; R. D. Faulk
ner, A. L. Mann. San Francisco; C. E.
Keycs, Oakland; C. C. Van Llew, Chico;
R. L. Sandwick, Pacific Grove: E. M. Cox.
Santa Rosa: M. E. Dailey, San Jose; E.
C. Moore, University of California; S. F.
Black, San Diego.
Great interest was aroused among the
members of the association this morning
by the developments of the history de
partment papers. Unstinted criticism
was pronounced against the notebook
system now obtaining in the State, espe
cially with reference to the reQuirements
for entrance to Stanford University. One
of the strongest papers in disapproval of
this system was presented by Miss Edith
Jordan, teacher of history in the Salinas
High School. Miss Jordan is a daughter
of President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford. Professor R. D. Hunt of tho Uni
versity of the Pacific and an eminent au
thority on history, addressed the history
department on supplementary work in
local history as an aid to the study of
general history.
Tbe afternoon session was called to or
der at 2 p. m,. and the first exercise was
a demonstration of the methods of teach
ing music in the primary and grammar
grades by Milton L. Lawrence of San
Jose, the talk being illustrated with songs
rendered by a chorus of 200 children from
the Pacific Grove and Monterey schools.
The closing business was then taken up,
the annual reports of officers and com
mittees being presented and adopted. A
noticeable feature of the treasurer's re
port was a recommendation that the as
sociation take action at the next conven
tion to fix a permanent meeting place and
that such place be San Francisco or Los
Angeles. This recommendation was made
for financial reasons.
In the kindergarten department Dr. H.
V. O'Shea, professor of pedagogy in Wis
consin University, made his farewell ad
dress before the members of the conven
tion, speaking of the kindergarten as an
organized factor in elementary education.
He said that the kindergarten In this
country Is at the crisis of its existence
and that in his belief the devotion of Its
teachers for its methods would carry it
through. Dr. C. C. Van Llew of the Chtco
State Normal School also spoke upon the
same subject.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 3.— The work of
the thirty-fifth session of the California
Teachers' Association ended this after
noon. Department work of an Important
character occupied the morning hours,
each session being; largely attended.
Senators Foraker, an(J Hanna' both re
main continually in touch by long dis
tance telephone with their friends here.
While Foraker. will have no opposition
for the Republican nomination ior Sen
ator,- the name of Charles W. Baker of
Cincinnati ; and Judge A. W. Patrick of
New Philadelphia will both be presented
for the Democratic nomination for Sen
ator, with the odds in favor of Baker.
While Dick, Cox and others are after
recruits their lieutenants are having live
ly times in ' holding their men in line.
Members : on both sides are accompanied
by friends wherever they gc, even to their
meals and to homes. There are sentinels
about the hotels and about the railroads
to see that none gets away. Representa
tive Willis turned on his escort to-day
and. publicly, denounced the "organized
espionage 'on both sides." , He afterward
attempted ': to start a movement to drop
both Price and McKinnon and take up a
new man for Speaker.. , -^
The Price men' concede McKinnon only
twenty-nine of what are called first, last
and all the time men. But conservative
onlookers say that each has thirty-three
of that class and that each needs at least
two more. George B. Cox, who is the di
rector general for Price, said to-night: '
"There are still seven doubtful Republi
can Representatives. We need two or
three of them, and the others four or
five."
"We gained two in the declarations of
Blnckley of Perry and Fisher of Medina
to-day, and we want a couple more."
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 3.— On the eve
of the Republican caucus the so-called
Foraker-Hanna contest over the organiza
tion of the Ohio Legislature is an open
battle, with neither Price nor McKlnnon
assured of the thirty-five .votes necessary
for the Republican nomination for the
Speakership of trie House.
While McKinnon and Price are claiming
thirty-seven votes each their managers,
who "keep books," are more conservative.
Congressman Dick, who is director gen
eral for McKinnon and the Hanna fac
tion, says:
A protocol with Costa Rica identical in
form with that with Nicaragua, except In
the matter of price and territory leased,
has been In course of negotiation, and it
is understood that a satisfactory - conclu
sion wilt be reached with that Govern
ment. •
No exact information is obtainable as
to the price specified in the protocol as
payment to Nicaragua for the grant to
this country. It can be stated positively,
however, that this price is much less than
was expected when the negotiations be
gan, and it is considered by officials as
reasonable. It is understood that at the
outset the view in Nicaragua was that
$20,000,000 would be a proper figure for
the grant to this country and about
$5,000,000 for Costa Rica's • grant. But
while there is no information as to the
final sum in the protocol, it is known to
be far short of the above figures. As the
cession takes the form of a perpetual
lease, it is probable that the protocol In
cludes the feature of an annual rent as
part payment. * ¦
Besides the authority of American
courts and of the American police in the
six-mile zone, the chief features of the
protocol are in giving a lease in perpetu
ity of this tract to the United States and
at the same time giving an American
guarantee that the Independence, sover
eignty and integrity of Nicaragua shall
not be disturbed by the rights thus con
ferred upon the United States.
The entire policing of this large tract
also is placed in the hands of the United
States, so that it has the power to pre
serve order and after that to issue judic.al
processes extending throughout the zone.
WASHINGTON,, Jan. 3.— Some of the
main features of the protocol between
the United States and Nicaragua referred
to in President Zelaya's message to Con
gress have, been made known in recent
press dispatches from. Managua. But
there" are many other important features
which have not been disclosed, one of
these being the complete American juris
diction and the establishment of Ameri
can courts, civil and criminal, throughout
a zone six miles wide, extending from,
ocean to ocean, and including the pro
posed canal termini— Greytown on the At
lantic and Brito on the Pacific.
Elementary Education
the Theme at Pacific
Hanna-Foraker Contest
in Ohio Grows. More
Exciting.
Uncle Sam to Preside
Solely Over the Canal
Zone.
The German ship Elfrieda was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with 60,392
ctls wheat, valued at $G6,430, and 15,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $225.
The British ship Chelmsford was also cleared
yesterday | for Queenstown, for orders, with
84,790 ctls wheat, valued at $83,000. and 22,000
feet lumber as dunnage, valued at $254.
Wheat Exports.
The schooner Emma Claudina loads redwood
at Eureka for Honolulu; the tiarkentine Plan
ter, merchandise at this port for Honolulu. ;
The British ship Scottish Minstrel is char
tered prior to arrival for wheat at Portland
for Kurope, 35s.
The British ship Alcinous loads wheat at
this port for Europe, 35s Cd, rechartered.
The British bark Northern Monarch Is char
tered for wheat at Tacoma for Durban, for or
ders, 35s. prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Phil Cohen's many friends will be glad
to hear that he is able to be about again
and has gone to Pasadena to recuperate.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will
send out the Zealandia In place of the
Australia on the 10th Inst. The lattor
vessel requires a considerable overhaul
ing, but will be ready for service when
the Zealandia returns. The latter vessel
came down from Martinez yesterday and
will be at once got ready for the run.
The Alameda sails for Honolulu to-day.
Among the passengers will be George U.
Hind of Hind, Rolph & Co., who goes to
the islands in connection with his father's
estate.
The Kosmos liner Nlcaria arrived from
Europe yesterday. She played in hard
luck, naving been twice ashore. She was
not damaged in any way, but neverthe
less the accidents caused delay. She left
Hamburg on September 6 last, and on her
way here called at London, ', Puenta
Arenas, Valparaiso, Callao, Guayaquil,
San Jose de Guatemala, Mazatlan and
Ensenada. She does not bring 1 a large
cargo for this port and has no passea
gers.
Water Front Notes.
AMERICANS WILL
HAVE ALL POWER
KINDERGARTENS
OF GREAT VALUE
GUARDS WATCH
ALL THE VOTES
The steamer Eureka will get away for.
Humboldt Bay this morning, after one of
the quickest pieces of work ever done
here. She arrived at 1 a. m. yesterday,
and after partially discharging went over
to Hay & Wright's, shipyard. There she
had a new propeller put on and was
cleaned and painted. She came off the
ways and the remainder of her cargo was
discharged. Then she was loaded again,
and after her passengers get aboard she
will be ready to sail about noon to-day.
Quick Work of Eureka.
steamer Tellus says that never in his ex
perience has he seen such an enorm:JS
.ground swell as Is now prevailing: along
the coast. It is breaking right up on
Tatoosh Island, and the roar of the surf
can be heard for miles. "I never saw it
so deep before," said the captain yester
day. "We had fine weather all the way
down the coast, but the swell was some
thing terrific and there must have been
a hurricane somewhere off the coast. I
think you will hear of many disasters bo
fore the month is out. Off Tatoosh there
was a big sea running, and from the dis
tance It looked as though the rollers were
breaking clean over the spot. I made a
good offing and had really a fair weather
trip all the way."
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr
Alcazar. v : .
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan 2 — Schr John A.
Sailed Jan. 2— Stmr Geo W Elder. . for San
Francisco. ' ¦ ¦ ..'
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 2— Schr
Peerless, from Santa Barbara;' schr Reporter,
hence Dec 2(1.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jan 3 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Jan 2. . ; .,¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Jan 2— Schr
Bangnr, from Unga, for Tacoma:
Arrived Jan 2 — Br ship Northern Monarch,'
from Callap: schr Comet, from San Pedro.
Passed in Jan 3 — Br ctmr Glengarry, from
Kobe, for Tacoma; stmr Kalnler, hence Dec 31,
for Seattle. - ¦
TAOOMA — Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Dec 29.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 3 — Stmr Meteor,
hence Jan 1. ...
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 8— Bark Carl,
from Mazatlan; bark Cactor, from Tocopilla.
Sailed Jan 3 — Stmr Coaullle River, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 1— Stmrs New
burg and Brunswick, from Grays Harbor.
Arrived Jan 3 — Stmr Santa Barbara, Zad
dart, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Jan 3 — Schr Wm Olsen, Rorblk. for
Port Ludlow, In ballast.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior- to Jan 2—
Aus stmr Klek, hence Oct 27, for Antwerp.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan 2— Br bark Wan
derer, for Pugret Sound; - , .
CENTRAL AMERICA — Arrived Dec 13 — Ger
Btmr Ramses, hence Nov 25, for Hamburg.
IQUIQUE — Sailed Nov 21 — Br | ship . Loudon
Hill, for Tacoma, ¦ ¦
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 2— Schr A
J West, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Dec 27 — Schr Forester, for Puget
Sound.
• MA55ATLAN — Sailed Jan 1 — Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Dec 30— Schr Viking:, for
Ban Francisco.
ALT AT A — Sailed Dec 29— Schr Lena Swea
sey. for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 3— Ship Emily Reed,
hence Oct 28.
ACAPULCO— Arrived about Jan 1— Schr
Vine, from Mendocino, for water. Was to sail
same day for Salina Cruz.
OCEAN CTEAMERS.
"LONDON — Sailed Jan 3 — Stmr Manltou. for
New York. . ¦ .
MOVILLE — Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Pretorian.
from Glaseow, for Halifax.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Jan 3 — Stmr Vader
land, from New York, for Antwerp.
HALIFAX — Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Ionian,
from Liverpool, for St Johns.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
JAMES McKEttNA of
ff ~ the whaling steamer Fearless has
(I again played in hard luck. A tel-
egram to the Merchants' Ex
change reports his vessel a total
less on the shore at Dutch Harbor, tut
luckily the crew was saved and many
of them reached Seattle on the steamship
Bertha.
The Fearless was the last of a once
numerous iieet owned and managed by
Captain >icKenna- In 1891 he sent north
the brib., Alexander and W. H. Meyer,
the bai~s Northern Light, Hunter, £>ea
Bre«ze, James Allen, John F. West and
the schooner Bonanza. The Alexander
went ashore, the Meyer was never heard
from after sailing for the Arctic, the
Northern Light and Hunter were sold for
debts and later were lost on the ftome
coast, the Sea Breeze was wrecked on the
Alaskan coast and the James Allen in
the southern seas; the John P. West was
burned off the Hawaiian coast, but the
schooner Bonanza is still at work on the
coast.
Nearly all of the vessels named were
lost within a year or so, and Captain Mc-
Kenna, in order to recoup his losses, de
cided to go into steam whaling. He ac
cordingly went to Norway and purchased
the steamer fearless, which he took di
rect to the Arctic. Ill luck again pursued
him and he came home without having
made expenses. Then a number of his
friends got together and the Fearless was
once more commissioned in March last.
During the entire season only one whale
was taken, and HcKenna was comiru;
home, a broken and disappointed man,
when the disaster occurred. A number of
her original crew was not aboard .when
she went ashore. William Mogg, first
mate; H. C. Slate, third mate, and Chris
tian Sten, fifth mate, remained at He' - 
schel Island, while John H. Whitham
came home some weeks ago. All the
other members of the crew got ashore at
Dutch Harbor and were taken to Puget
Sound on the Bertha.
The Fearless was a bark-rigged. steamer
of 146 tons burdep and flew the Nlcara
guan flag. She was built in Norway in
1SS3 and was 116 feet 5 Inches long, 25 feet
2 Inches wide and 11 feet 8 Inches deep..
A dispatch to Madison, Bruce & Sel
lars, the agents, says: "Captain of the
steamer Bertha informs me that the
Fearless went ashore in Dutch Harbor
and that twenty of the crew returned
with him. He thinks the Fearless will be
a total wreck."
THE WELL, KNOWN STEAM WHALER FEARLESS THAT WAS- WRECKED LAST MONTH IN DUTCH HAS
BOR. SHE WAS THE LAST OF A ONCE NUMEROUS" FLEET OWNED BY CAPTAIN JAMES McKENN.
AND HER LOSS MEANS PRACTICALLY HIS RUIN.
•TELE SAN FRA Is CISCO CALXi;' SATURDAY, / -JAN U AJbt Y/- 4, itfu^a;
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Nome City... Seattle Jan. 4
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan. 4
Santiago..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. 4
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 5
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
State ot Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan. 5
Argo Coquille River. Jan. ' 5
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Jan. t5
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports... Jan. B
Newburg San Pedro Jan. 6
Strathuyle... Portland .Jan. 6
Fanta Uarb. . San Pedro- : Jan. 6
Crescent City . Crescent City J an . 7
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 7
Asuncion Tacoma .'.... Jan. ' 7
Eureka...... Humboldt." Jan. 7
Newport..;.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. .7
Sequoia. ..... Grays Harbor Jan. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Progreso . . . . . Seattle ...1. Jan. 8
Tltania Nanaimo Jan. 8
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena ..Jan. 0
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacttma ..:.. Jan. 0
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. t)
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 10
Gaelic....... China & Japan Jan. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt '. Jan. 11
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Rainier.;.... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 12
Mandalay.... Coquille River ..Jan. 12
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. i:{
Argyll . ..:... New York via Panama . Jan .14
R. Dollar.. .. Seattle & Tacoma Jan*. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
; Sails.
Pier.
M. Dollar.. 1
Kureka. .'. .
Point Arena
J. S. Klmba
Amer. Man
Alameda —
North Fork
Santti Rosa
Lakmo. . . ..
Newburg. .
Umatllia...
Coos Bay..
Argo. .....
Pomona...
Curacao.. .
Czarina. . . .
January -4.
Grays Harbor ...:..
Humboldt
Point Arena ........
Seattle & Tacoma. . .
China & Japan ,'. . . . |
Honolulu
January 5.
Humboldt ..........
San Diego & Way..
January U.
Astoria & Portland.
Grays Harbor ......
Puget Sound Ports.
Newport & Way....
January 7.
Coqullle River .....
Hmnboldt
Mexican Ports
Seattle ! & Tacoma . . .
January 8.
Willapa Harbor ....
San Diego & Way...
Panama & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland..
Honolulu -& Kahului
Valparaiso & Way::
I January 9.
San Diego I
China & Japan......
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd
.January 3.O..
Grays I Harhor .;..;..
Newport & Way Pts.
Tahiti direct . . ......
• January 11.
China &, Japan |
Puget Sound Ports . . I
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier lli
2pm|Pler «
10 am|Pier 2
1 pm|PMSS
2 pm | Pier 7
9 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 5
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
l:30p Pier 1»
10 am Pier 11
0 pm Pier 8
5 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
111 am Pier 24
: Plerl'i
12 m Pier 10
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 27
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier. 2
I 9 am Pier 11
....;. Pier 7
1 pm PMSS
111 am | Pier 0
Rival.
State Cal..
San Jose...
G. Elder.;.
Hyades... .
Santiago. . .
< i ' ¦
Noma City.
Strathgyle .
Arcata
Sequoia...".
Bonlta.. ...
Zealand la.
City Peking
City Puebla
Steamer.
For,
Balls.
Al-Kl..' Skajrway^& Way Ports. Jan. B
Bertha.. Valdez; and Kodlak Jan., 7
Farallon. ".*..'. Skagway . & Way Ports. Jan. 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Cottage City. Skagway &. Way Ports. Jan. IB
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
Sur
Sur
Moi
rises .'..............
seta ...............
in rises . . . .*.*. . . .'. . . ,
•*iiv.v.':....7:25
,«..'......... 5:04
2:43 a. m.
D I
P j
"I
ITlmej
[Time)
Time I
Time
Ft.
H W - ¦
9:18 "Juj
10:10 4.0
10:55 4.2
11:34 4.4
L""\V ".**."
5:."0— 0.3
6:05 —0.2
t 6:40 0.0
i
-
H W
F ,
lu.wl
Ft.*]
4
'; 0
0
- 7
8 I
0:51
1:40
2:25
3:00
3:48
H W
0:14
0:50
1:24
2.6
2.8
L2.9
3.0
I 3.1
7:35
8:16
8:54
9:2G
0:5S
L\Y
4:30
5:10
5:52
-5.4
5.4
5.5
5.5
5.4
2:20
3:10
3:47
4:21
4:56
H W
10:2S
n-.m
11:45
~o!i
0.4
'0.0
—0.2
—0.3
9'
10
U I
4.5
4.7
4.7
3.2
8.1
3.0
5.4
5.3
5.2
Steamer.
Destination.
; Sails.
Pier.
M. Dollar.. 1
Kureka. .'. .
Point Arena
J. S. Klmba
Amer. Man
Alameda —
North Fork
Santti Rosa
Lakmo. . . ..
Newburg. .
Umatllia...
Coos Bay..
Argo. .....
Pomona...
Curacao.. .
Czarina. . . .
January -4.
Grays Harbor ...:..
Humboldt
Point Arena ........
Seattle & Tacoma. . .
China & Japan ,'. . . . |
Honolulu
January 5.
Humboldt ..........
San Diego & Way..
January U.
Astoria & Portland.
Grays Harbor ......
Puget Sound Ports.
Newport & Way....
January 7.
Coqullle River .....
Hmnboldt
Mexican Ports
Seattle ! & Tacoma . . .
January 8.
Willapa Harbor ....
San Diego & Way...
Panama & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland..
Honolulu -& Kahului
Valparaiso & Way::
I January 9.
San Diego I
China & Japan......
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd
.January 3.O..
Grays I Harhor .;..;..
Newport & Way Pts.
Tahiti direct . . ......
• January 11.
China &, Japan |
Puget Sound Ports . . I
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier lli
2pm|Pler «
10 am|Pier 2
1 pm|PMSS
2 pm | Pier 7
9 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 5
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
l:30p Pier 1»
10 am Pier 11
0 pm Pier 8
5 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
111 am Pier 24
: Plerl'i
12 m Pier 10
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 27
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier. 2
I 9 am Pier 11
....;. Pier 7
1 pm PMSS
111 am | Pier 0
Rival.
State Cal..
San Jose...
G. Elder.;.
Hyades... .
Santiago. . .
< i ' ¦
Noma City.
Strathgyle .
Arcata
Sequoia...".
Bonlta.. ...
Zealand la.
City Peking
City Puebla
Steamer.
For,
Balls.
Al-Kl..' Skajrway^& Way Ports. Jan. B
Bertha.. Valdez; and Kodlak Jan., 7
Farallon. ".*..'. Skagway . & Way Ports. Jan. 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Cottage City. Skagway &. Way Ports. Jan. IB
E. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
Sur
Sur
Moi
rises .'..............
seta ...............
in rises . . . .*.*. . . .'. . . ,
•*iiv.v.':....7:25
,«..'......... 5:04
2:43 a. m.
D I
P j
"I
ITlmej
[Time)
Time I
Time
Ft.
H W - ¦
9:18 "Juj
10:10 4.0
10:55 4.2
11:34 4.4
L""\V ".**."
5:."0— 0.3
6:05 —0.2
t 6:40 0.0
i
-
H W
F ,
lu.wl
Ft.*]
4
'; 0
0
- 7
8 I
0:51
1:40
2:25
3:00
3:48
H W
0:14
0:50
1:24
2.6
2.8
L2.9
3.0
I 3.1
7:35
8:16
8:54
9:2G
0:5S
L\Y
4:30
5:10
5:52
-5.4
5.4
5.5
5.5
5.4
2:20
3:10
3:47
4:21
4:56
H W
10:2S
n-.m
11:45
~o!i
0.4
'0.0
—0.2
—0.3
9'
10
U I
4.5
4.7
4.7
3.2
8.1
3.0
5.4
5.3
5.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Nome City... Seattle Jan. 4
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan. 4
Santiago..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. 4
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 5
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
State ot Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan. 5
Argo Coquille River. Jan. ' 5
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Jan. t5
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports... Jan. B
Newburg San Pedro Jan. 6
Strathuyle... Portland .Jan. 6
Fanta Uarb. . San Pedro- : Jan. 6
Crescent City . Crescent City J an . 7
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 7
Asuncion Tacoma .'.... Jan. ' 7
Eureka...... Humboldt." Jan. 7
Newport..;.. Panama & Way Ports.. Jan. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. .7
Sequoia. ..... Grays Harbor Jan. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Progreso . . . . . Seattle ...1. Jan. 8
Tltania Nanaimo Jan. 8
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena ..Jan. 0
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacttma ..:.. Jan. 0
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. t)
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 10
Gaelic....... China & Japan Jan. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt '. Jan. 11
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 11
Rainier.;.... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. 12
Mandalay.... Coquille River ..Jan. 12
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. i:{
Argyll . ..:... New York via Panama . Jan .14
R. Dollar.. .. Seattle & Tacoma Jan*. 14
Heavy Swell Along the Coast.
Captain Pedersen of the Norwegian
NEW AD VEETISEMEUTS.
.^v^THE HAIR BRUSH.
Breeds Dandruff, Which Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness..
Prof. Unna, Hamburg, Germany, Euro-
pean authority on skin diseases, says that
dandruff is as contagious as any other
malevolent disease, and that one common
sourcs of the spread of dandruff is the
use of the same hair brush by different
persons. The way to avoid catching
dandruff or any other disease from an-
other's brush is to insist on the use of
Newbro's Herpfclde. It not only kills the
dandruff germ, but it is also an antisep-
tic that will prevent the catching of any
disease whatever through contagion of
another's brush.
AMTJSEME.NTS. ,
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
ELLA BURT,
The Daring Lady Cyclist, Will Coast
the Chutes on a Bicycle.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT,
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK
Telephone for seats — Park 23.
RACING
*>a^'* Every Week Day—
¦^ Ram or Sninc»
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. <
Races start at 2:10 p. m. «har».
* erry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
I.:o0. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with train* stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two car» on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking;. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains. vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cam at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. -These electrlo
cars ko direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
nJtrJ?.V al L a lmnv?d lately after the last race.
roFo M £ Ai L H - W "- L IAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Becy. and Mgr.
BASEBALL,
ALL-AMERICANS
vs.
- NATIONALS
TO-DAY AhT 2:45 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
R EC RE A TION PA RK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS. '
AMUSEMENTS.
MATIN'EES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-XIGHT and Sunday Evening — Last Times,
Der.rr.an Thompson's Great Play.
THE TWO .
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THIS PLAT.
r Superb Production. Novel Specialties, etc.
Di>rrCC Ev«r.!nes 10c to T>0c
PalLE J Matinees 10c. 15c. -C5c
Next Monday— The Big Production,
"LOST IX KBW YORK."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Jan. 4.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: balcony. 10c; chll-
tren, any part except reserved, 10c.
PICOLO'S LILLIPUTIANS,
RITTER'S TRAINED DOGS
AKD LAST TIMES OF
THE GKEAT
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
* a iwOLl*
Evenings at P Sharp.
Matinee SATURDAY at 2 Sharp. ¦
"The Holiday Show of the Year."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extra vaganta.
Little Red
Riding Hood
BE BURE AND BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
TO-DAY AND TO-XIGHT
LAST TIMES
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS
Special Feature — Grand Gold Medal Champion
CAKE WALK
GRAXD FINALE TO-XIGHT.
§TO-MORROTV (Sunday), Jan. 5.
; WHOSE BABY
j ARE YOU?
Don't You Remember?
j-l.,*.?.- SEATS READY.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"A LADY OF QUALITY."
Week Commenc'g MONDAY EVEXIXG XEXT
FAREWELL WEEK OF
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Grand Doable Bill of A. Carrano's
"CAVALLEKIA RUSTIC ANA" i
And W. S. Gilbert's
"COMEDY AND TRAGEDY."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c.
Good orchestra. Eeats all matinees. 25c !
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-XIGHT — Farewell performance
MaryMannering;
— m —
JANICE MEREDITH.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
MODJESKA and JAMES
And an Incomparable Company In
"HENRY VIII."
Tbe Most Complete, Sumptuous and Scholastic
Production Ever Shown in This City.
— SEATS NOW READY'.
Be'-A£co & Tha.Il, Mgrs. ijy _ . j#k
MATTXEE TO-DAY anl JhJiS: ***£f
TO-MORROW. jVSyfrfflfr
LAST TWO XIGHTS. t±te?C? 'tt+Si
LAST TWO NIGHTS. *^^^&*^BS
Oir Holiday Fun, iAjj^^SSS?
CHARLEY'S R^m*
A Lauch a Minute for 2 x* % jL^8
Prices — 15, 25. 25, 50, 75c. /tt.6* taj&&!**~
XEXT MONDAY- Su- ¦T«T^SS#*I£'b!<
perb Production of "THE - tTgT'^^V
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth. ,
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
SATURDAY "and SUNDAY.
- ADMISSION 25c AND SQq
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4th, 3 p, in.
AnEelysZ Recital
ASSISTED BY THE
KEW VICTOR DISC TALKING MACHINE
Mr. Herbert Williams Will Be the Tenor Solo-
ist of the Occasion.
DWKSTftV FKFF But to P«vent over-
tll53IUI\ taLL crowding of the Hall.
Tickets ehould be procured at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s Music Store, Kearny and Sutler ets.
p|CrHI7D'q CONCERT HOU3<i
Prof. A. J. Topping; The Boreneens; Paloma
Quartet; Mullen and Lord; Valkyra; Ethel Cui-
breth; Coleman and Mexie; Billy Johnson, and
Hinrichs 1 Orchestra. Resened Seats, 25c
Mat! nee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is ihe wholesale and. manu-
Zacturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferric* and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
I CIGARETTES I
I are trie highest standard for I
i excellenbe in quality ever I
Era ¦ ' ' - ' ' ! lyi
I knownin TurKish cigarettes 1 ! §
I There is no better tobacco 1
I or paper or wor&manship in |
I any other Turkish cigarette, I
I arid for this reason "DEITIES" 1
I are more in demand than ever. I
I Every "DEITIES | smoKer is I
I loyal to "DEITIES," for they I
I are above and beyond imita= I
I tion or substitute, and with all I
J;^who; :; B^ow- what constitutes I
I excellence in Turkish cigar= I
I ettes "DEITIES "stands for I
I satisfaction. I
I Egyptian . *f
I E.MBLEMS M^fljj/f2$0 I
J§ > are the same as DEITIES /^^^*-'" -l (/ (/ If
ill . Ghis signature is on eVerp box. ||lTHE DAY'S DEAD,
As a method of settling difficulties be
tween two parties, at the congress a sug
gestion was made that delegates repre
senting governments favoring compul
sory arbitration sign a treaty embodying
The Hague plan and an independent
treaty requiring compulsory arbitration.
Another hitch has arisen, the "exact
character of which Is not understood, and
a deadlock has taken place. The State
Department is trying to settle the differ
ences, but apprehension Is felt that this
time it will be unsuccessful and that the
congress will after all come to an Inglori
ous end. .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— How to pre
vent the Pan-American Congress from
breaking up In a row Is a problem which
the State Department is now trying' to
solve. Several weeks ago the delegates
of Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Peru,
Bolivia, Santo Domingo and Venezuela
were on the point ot withdrawing be
cause of the unwillingness of the remain
der of the republics to accept the plan
contemplating compulsory arbitration.
By the exercise of careful diplomacy
Secretary Hay was able to keep them in
the congress. The United States has an
nounced its support of a plan Identical
with that adopted at The Hague, and this
has met with the approval of Chile, Co
lombia, Ecuador, Costa Rica, Nicaragua,
Salvador, Hayti and Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prospect That the Con
gress May Break Up
in a Row.
Washington Murderer J.s Hanged.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3.— William A. Seaton
was hanged at S o'clock this morning for
the murder of his uncle, Daniel Richards,
December 6. 1900. Seaton died claiming
that he was not responsible for the killing
of his uncle. The execution was. devoid
of sensational features. At South Park,
between 4 and o o'clock on the afternoon
of December 6, 1900, Seaton, armed with
an ax. brained his sleeping uncle, Daniel
Richards, severely wounded Myrtle Hap
good, aged 7 years, and Hazel Hapgood,
aged 5 years, and seriously cut his sister,
Mrs. Roy Clarke, aged 22, known in South
Park as Anna Seaton. He slightly wound
ed a neighbor, John Kennedy, and re
ceived a pistol wound In the neck while
resisting arrest by Deputy Sheriff Mike
Kelly.
Architect Kills a Miner.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Jan. 3.— George
H. Colson, a miner and pros
pector of this county, was shot and in
stantly killed early this evening by J. A.
Gale, an architect of this place. No one
•witnessed the shooting and particulars
have not been ascertained. The killing
occurred at the Gale house. The body
of Colson was found in the dining-room
Gale surrendered to the authorities at
once.
Professors Selected for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 3.— Dr.
Jordan announced to-day that Professor
Smith, head of the mechanical en
gineering department from 1894 until 1900,
and his wife. Dr. Mary Roberts-Smith,
associate professor of economics from 1892
to 1901. will resume their work in the
¦university next September. *
PAN-AMERICANS
ARE IN DISCORD
In this case Cox paid the prosecuting
witness $250 to cover doctor bills and
court costs. Giles, whose ear was badly
bitten, will have a piece of flesh taken
from his arm and grafted into his ear.-
He says the physcians have agreed to do
the job for $150.
The mayhem at Garfield was the result
of a drunken row. Cox and two compan
ions went to Garfield and announced that
though it was a prohibition town they
would run it themselves. Theyyissued an
edict tabooing white shirts. Giles came
down the street wearing the offending
garment and a free fight resulted when
Cox and his companions attempted to en
force their edict. In the fight Cox bit
Giles* ear.
SPOKANE, Jan. 3.— Manley Cox, who
was arrested in Garfleld six weeks ago
for biting a piece out of George Giles' ear,
was arraigned in the Superior Court at
Colfax to-day and dismissed on motion of
Giles, who said he had received satisfac
tion for the damages. This action was
taken under the State law, which permits
the compromising of a misdemeanor by
cash settlement with the party injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,'
Mayhem Case in Wash
ington Compromised
for Cash.
First Lieutenant H. L. Roosevelt, ma
rine corps, is ordered from the marine
barracks. San Francisco, to Cavite, P. I.
Colonel Dallas Bache, assistant surgeon
general, recently stationed at Los An
geles, has been placed on the retired list
at hie own request after forty years' ser
vice.
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, assistant
eurgeon general, is placed on the retired
list on account of age. .Since his return
from the Philippines, where he rendered
valuable service, he has been stationed at
San Francisco. .- •'; '-.-¦ • ".
Oregon— Original— William J. Emmltt,
Canyon City, $6. Increase — Adelbert Mat
teson, Portland, 58; Alfred H. Gaunt, Har
risburg, $8; Jonathan Vincent, Zion, $8.
Washington — Increase — Peter Dagan,
Eallard, $6. *Widows— Mary E. Benson,
Seattle, 58.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Carl A. Forsell, San Francis
co, $6; Thomas Hundson, Hollywood, $6.
Increase — Royal G. Sparks (dead), Los
Angeles, 512. Mexican war — Anton Xeidt,
Golden Gate, $12. Widows— Minor of Zeph
aniah W. Jones, Igerna, $10; Susan S. Van
Denthuysen, Nevada City, $8; Martha M.
Shattuck, San Francisco, $S.
Rural free delivery will be established
February 1 at Norwalk, Los Angeles
County; postofHce at Arteria to be dis
continued, mail to Norwalk.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoffices established: California—
Athlone, Merced County, Sarah Hollister
Postmaster. Washington— MacRay, King
County, Gus A. Jones Postmaster. Post
masters appointed: Washington— John W.
Boston, "Hartland, Klikitat County, vice
Mrs. R. E. Clark, deceased; William H.
Isaacs. Peshastin, Chelan County, vice
William S. Newland, resigned.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Servic*
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE <
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
REDDING. Janv 3.— What looks like a
horrible murder was committed at" Kes
wick during Thursday night. At 1 o'clock
this afternoon the dead body of Terry
Rogers, a miner, aged 35 years, was found
in a cabin he occupied on a mining claim
half-way between Keswick and the rail
way station. The man's heart • had been
blown to pieces by half a stick of dyna
mite placed on tho body and touched. off.
The ownership of the mining claim was
disputed by John Metcalf, a carpenter at
Iron Mountain and George Craig. Met
calf wanted no one to occupy the cabin,
but Rogers was living there. Metcalf is
said to have sworn Thursday that he
would blow up Rogers. Metcalf was ar
rested on suspicion by Constable' Kelly
Friday afternoon. He had three sticks
of dynamite in his pocket.
It is believed that some person stepped
Into the cabin while Rogers slept Thurs
day night, laid a piece of the stick of
dynamite on his body, lighted a. fuse and
tied. The heart was torn out, but the
body was not moved from the bunk. The
supposed crime suggests an Ingenuity
truly fiendish, for Just enough of the ex
plosive was used to kill the man in a
hideous manner without blowing the en
lire body to pieces. It must have re
qulrfd great cunning to enter the cabin,
place the charge, lay the fuse and fire
It without awakening the victim or caus
ing him to stir.
The only other theory Is that of suicide
and this is considered untenable.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.lL
COIN SOOTHES
A BITTEN EAR
. LTURAS. Jan. 3.-The mystery
i\ that has for months surrounded
' lj\ the lynching of Calvin «Hall. his
£ i\ three eons and Dan Yajitis. at
Lookout, in this county, Is now
to be uncovered and those who were
guilty of the terrible crime will undoubt
edly be brought to Justice with a rapidity
calculated to amaze the most criminally
hardened among: them. ' i —
This has been a day fruitful of sensa
tions in and out of court. The Informa
tion is abroad to-night that one aud prob
ably more of the witnesses in the trial of
Brown, who is accused of having been a
leader of the lynching mob, have turned
State's evidence and will furnish In court
every detail of the tragic story.
One of these men is believed to be John
Hutton. All day long he has been re
quired to remain in the Grand Central
Hotel, and during the entire morning As
sistant Attorney General . Post was closr
eted with him. So important was this
conference that Judge Post was unable
to attend the opening of court and sent
a request that a recess be taken until 2
o'clock In the afternoon.
"Whether as a result of this' conference
with Hutton or for some other reason
thirteen men were . arrested to-night on
complaint of Mary Lorenz, the daughter
of Calvin Hall, who was the principal vic
tim of the lynchers. These persons, who
ln the woman's , complaint are charged
with the murder of Hall, are B. S. Trow
brldge, Orrin Trowbrldge, Frederick Rob?
erts, J. J. Potter, Claude .Brown, J.' R.
Myers, Joseph Leventon, A. L. Colburn,
William McDaniels, Henry Knox, Louis
Polmanteer, Claude Marcus and Jerve
Kresge.
The arrest of these men, the significant
action of the prosecution and the pros
pective unveiling of the truth which con
spirators here have so zealously sought to
conceal, have 'come as thunderbolts out
of a clear sky to disturb the peace of
mind of the persons who assisted in the
crime. Alturas will be awake for the
greater part of this night discussing the
momentous developments- of to-day, and
preparing for the worst v that is promised
to happen. -
When the court met this morning Gen-:
eral Post's reauest for a recess was read
and was immediately granted. The after
noon session was again devoted to an ex-
Special Dispatch, to Tb.e Call.
change of repartee and doubtful compli
ments between the Judge and : attorneys.
The examination of Lafe Harris, the
vaquero, was continued. He testified un
der cross-examination . that he did not
hear George Courtwrlght say that he was
to get $500, as claimed by the defense.
The court and Attorney Raker for the de
fense at this point became engaged In an
argument on the court's [refusal? to let
Raker ask certain questions on cross-ex
amination and the court accused , Raker
of many offenses, general Post and Raker
then accused each ;other of making | mis
atatements of the testimony and the court
charged Raker ' with ungentlemanly .con
duct. Raker appealed to the record, but
he was not allowed to have It read.':
The next witness, George Howell, stated
that he was in Levontoh's blacksmith
shop at Lookout on I Monday before the
lynching | and that Joe Levontoh j and
Henry Knox were \ talking about Frank
Hall and- said they j did not * have -him
where they wanted him yet. The defend
ant, Brown, was not there." The men de
clared they wanted Hall ; with a "rope
around hia neck. He ' did not remember
hearing any persona' say they would like
to pull the rope. ¦ . \ ¦, -.
Mutilated Body Found in a
Cabin Near the Town
of Keswick.
Prosecution in the Celebrated Calvin Hall Case 'arAlturas Reported
to Have Obtained Confessions From Participants in the Terri
ble Crime, and Thirteen Persons Are Now Lodged in the Jail
Evidence of a" Terrible
Murder at a Shasta, j.
Claim.
DYNAMITE RENDS
A MINER'S HEART
MODOC MEN TURN STATE'S EVIDENCE
AND AGREE TO DIVULGE SECRETS
OF LYNCHING AT LOOKOUT BRIDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANXJARY 4, 1902;
PROVO, Utah, Jan. 3.— Norley Hall and Ray
Leepham, , aged 16 and 18 years respectively,
broke ) through the ice while skating near the
shore of Utah Lake and were drowned.
Judge Morton declined to grant the writ,
but delayed definite action to enable the
husband and •wife to come to an agree
ment. Chiquita - admitted the S "animal
king" spanked her after learning of the
marriage, but. denied that Bostwick was
holding her prisoner. She did not like to
break her. contract. :
; BOSTON, Jan. 3.— Chiqulta, the smallest
woman In the world, figured in a novel
court proceeding here to-day. Her • hus
band,; Tony C. Woeckener, a lad of 17;
came from Erie, Pa.,' to get possession
of," her by a" writ of habeas corpus. Tony
claims that Frank C. Bostwick, the "ani
mal king," spirited his wife away from
him in Buffalo two days after they were
clandestinely ' married and ' has since il
legally held her prisoner and exercised
alleged undue cruelty upon her at his
arena in this citv.
J -Special DlsDatch to The Call.
Manager Spanks Chi
quita Afcer She Re
turns to Show.
LITTLE WOMEN
MARRIES A LAD
WALLA WALLA, Wash.. Jan. 3.-
Dreaming that a- man was in her. room,
lone Lowe, a seventeen-year-old girl, liv
ing at Dayton, thirty-seven miles above
here, is now a raving maniac and at
times has to be held down. To-day she
is on her way to Stellacoom, Wash., to re
ceive special treatment at the asylum for
the insane. The young lady is a daughter
of : ex-County Commissioner Lowe of Co
lumbia County. She was formerly a hard
student and it is supposed this weakened
her nervous system.
Dream Causes Her Insanity.
{The rangers were on a scout when they
came upon . a party of ¦ Mexican border
outlaws driving off a '^herd of cattle krf
longing to Mrs. Richard - King. The
rangers- made , an. attack on the thieves
and, shot two of them, killing one Mexi
can' outright .and' . badly wounding -an
other. The. other members of the band
are being pursued. . ¦ :
. AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 3.— Adjutant Gen
eral Thomas Scurry to-day received par
ticulars of a desperate battle -which two
State rangers, . Harry Wallis ¦ and Thomas
Nayton, had yesterday with • a band of
Mexican cattle thieves on the Lower Rio
Grande border. 1 " •, •'
Wounded While Driving Stolen
• V ¦¦;. ¦-¦.; - - Cattle. -X--'^ : .t
One Mexican Is Killed and Another
RANGERS IN BATTI/E .-
WITH .CATTLE % THIEVES
The claim of Major Pico has been be
fore 1 every. Legislature for twenty years
or more, but although the major lobbied
laboriously for its passage he did not suc
ceed, until. the recent session of the Legis
lature in having -his bill passed and
signed. The Legislature, after auditing
the claim, made it payable January 1,
1902. ¦ . , =-,./
¦¦ Pico during the past few years has
made many assignments of portions of
the money he expected from the State.
The assignees selected J. C. Wood, Dep
uty • Superintendent of Public Instruction,
to exercise their power of attorney ln
drawing, the money ' from -the State.
Among those who .will receive slices of
the Pico. claim are Judge W. A. Ander
son of Sacramento, in the sum of $500, for
legal services, and Frank McQuald of San
Francisco in the sum of $1500. Whatever
is left will go to Pico's wife. The claim
of Pico ¦ was based- on expenses incurred
In organizing and equipping a volunteer
cavalry troop during the civil war.
: Frank Moore of this . city, who aided
Pico financially during the recent terms
of the Legislature, has levied an attach
ment on the money for $500, which he al
leges | is due him for advances made.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. . 3.— State Control
ler Colgan has issued* a warrant in favor
of j Major Ramon Jose Pico for the sum
of $8111 15, and. the amount has been
drawn from the State but it
may be some time before the major sees
any of : the coin.' ¦' '.- > . ¦
Special , Dispatch to' The Call.
Ready to Claim Their
Sharea
Numerous Assignees Are Now
Warrant for More Than
Eight Thousand Dol
lars Issued.
PICO'S CLAIM
PAID AT LAST
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Cole W. Ayers,
at one time Washington correspondent of
the Kansas City Times, dropped dead in
the Citizens' National Bank to-day. Cole
Ayers was born in Lynchburg, Va., , 5n
1837 and . served with distinction ln the
Confederate army. He belonged-ito tho
famous Richmond Blues and wa$, *. mem
ber of the company that " offlciatedMat the
hanging: of John Brown.
lieutenant H. F. Frick.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 3.— Lieutenant
H. F. Frick died at his home in this city
to-day, aged 50 years. His last cruise was
on the Nlpsic, which was attached to the
United States squadron at Apia.tSamoa,
at the time of the destructive hurricane
of* March, 1889, when, a number of war
ships were sunk and many lives were lost
George "Wilson Coulter.
JAMESTOWN, Jan. 3.— George' Wilson
Coulter died 'this morning. He was 84
years old and one of the best-known hotel
and stage men in the southern mines.
He . was a Mexican war veteran and a
California pioneer.' 'In 1850 ,the town of
Coultervllle was , named after htou
Robert Falligant,
SAVANNAH, Ga., Jan. 3.— Robert Fall!
s;ant, a Confederate veteran and Judge of
the" Sucreme Court of 'Chatham County,'
died to-day. He i had been in both houses
of the Legislature and was prominent in
political circles.
Moses F. Hobbs.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 3.— Moses F.
Hobbs, aploneer. of Lompoc Valley, died
suddenly to-day, aged 70 years. 'He leaves
a fortune but no known relatives.
LISBON, Jan. 3.— The House of Peers adopt
ed a resolution of condolence ¦ to-day - on the
death of tb« UU President McKlnley.
• BARCELONA, Jan. 8.— The strike situation
here Is so alarming that large reinforcemnts of
troops have been concentrated in and about the
city. ' The strikers now number 20,000. <\
GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. S. — A very destruc
tive fire visited Catoosa, I. T.,r yesterday, rag
ing all night. Practically every business
building In the town was burned and the total
loss is estimated at $80,000. ; :
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— Stockholders of the Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy to-day ' met for
the ninth time since November, 0, ¦ 1901, in an
attempt to hold their regular annual meeting.
Another adjournment for one ¦week was taken.
COLUMBUS, Nebr., Jan. 3.— The Blue Val
ley Bank , at Bell wood, Butler County, ' was
robbed last nieht • of $2000. The vault was
blown open with : dynamite and the : robber*
escaped. It is supposed that there were three.
TOPEKA, ; Kans.. Jan. 3. —Smallpox is
breaking out in numerous Kansas towns. The
State Board of Health is .taking all' the pre
cautions possible to check' the disease, and the
indications are that it will not.be so general
as last : winter.
VIENNA, 'Jan. 3.— The report published' to
the effect that fourteen . Jews . were massacred
at Zawesna, Gallcla, by a mob headed by three
land-owners," turns out .upon ; investigation « to
be a common murdering affray, in which three
Jews, were killed. ¦- •. . . -•• , •
. LONDON, Jan. 3.— Lord • Btrathcona ¦ and
Mount •-. Royal, the Canadian •, Hleh Commis
sioner, has . sent : a"- check for £25,000 to the
authorities of Aberdeen University. The
money Is to . go ,: toward completing > the exten
sion of the university. MSHfil ' <°
¦WASHINGTON, Jan. '3. — In pursuance of
action taken at the recent meeting of Catholic
Bishops of the United States. Dr. Henry Gansa
has been .- ¦ appointed • financial agent of the
Bureau ¦ of ! Catholic - Indian ¦ Missions. He ' will
have his headquarters ln this city. .
LONDON, Jan. , 3.— The American line
steamer , St. . Louis, which : , is :- to sail •¦ from
Southampton Saturday, next, will take among
her passengers | Senator and Mrs. : Chauncey I M.
Depew and Mr.- and Mrs. Nat C.f Goodwin.-
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.-James' Paley,
an orchardist living, at Alhambra, Is in
a strange predicament. He has discov
ered the fact that although he is pos
sessed of "all his faculties and has never
been deprived of his freedom and liberty,
according to legal records he has been
an inmate of the insane asylum for /sev
eral years. . "-•'-•¦: ';'•¦¦'¦'..-' :/ - 1 :-t-.^
A few days ago Paley negotiated a real
estate deal and ordered an abstract of
title. The abstractor made the report
that while the title in Paley appeared to
be all right, that j gentleman could not
give a deed to the property, as the rec
ords showed that he had been adjudged*
Insane and committed to the asylum, ana.
it would be necessary to have a guardian
appointed in order to have a transfer
made. • . ¦-.,./-
It appears that the man In the asylum
is not James Paley. but Joseph H. Ander
son, his brother-in-law. In September,
1897, Paley became convinced that Ander
son had lost his mind and swore to a
complaint to that effect. Anderson was
examined by a commission and was
found to be Insane. But in drawing up
the papers | and writing - the records the
clerk gave the patient's name 'as James
Paley instead of Anderson, and he was
eentito the asylum under that name.' The
mistake was 'hot' discovered until the ab
stractor examined the ¦. title ¦ .to Paley's
property. Paley has engaged ' an attor
ney to take the necessary legal steps, to
correct the records and make him master
of himself- once more. ,', • •
Tug Crashed Into Schooner.
PORT "TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan.- 3.—
During last night's storm a collision oc
curred in the straits - between the tug
Rainier and the schooner Comet." The tug
crashed Into the schooner, cutting a big
hole in her i. port beam from the water
line up and as the vessel rolled with the
sea the cabin and hold were flooded. The
Rainier towed the schooner here this
morning, where she was turned over to
the tug Tacoma and taken up the Sound.
The Comet was from San Pedro in ballast.
Railroad Engines in a Crash.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 3.— An open
switch caused the Santa Fe limited west
bound train to leave the track at Bar
stow early to-day. As the engine top
pled over it struck the engine of the
limited south-bound for Los Angeles,
causing it to topple over. Trains were
badly delayed but no one was injured.
The damage done by the wreck was not
heavy. ¦ . .
Smallpox Decreases at Randsburg.
RANDSBURG, Jan. . 3.— The smallpox
situation is improving. \ Thorough quaran
tine is maintained, every house suspected
has a yellow^ flag attached and no inter
course is allowed with outsiders. There
have been no new cases for the past two
days. ' .
The company who gathered to do honor
to the daughter of the Chief Executive
was a thoroughly representative one of
Washington society and also included a
generous contingent of gentlemen from
Harvard.- Yale and Princeton universities
and other, society folk from out of town.
Among the family connections present
were: Mrs. James Roosevelt of ' New
York and her daughter, Misa Roosevelt;
Mrs. H. L. Roosevelt, also of New York,
and her daughters, Miss Dorothy and
.Miss Rhett Roosevelt: Miss Christine
Roosevelt,^daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Em
len Roosevelt, and Mrs. Roosevelt-Scovel
and her daughter,^ Miss Cordelia Roose
velt-Scovel. • • - •¦¦•¦-
The dancing, which bogan shortly after
10 o'clock and included a programme of
twenty numbers, was held in the large
east room, the scene of so many brilliant
functions of the past. The golden carpet
on the floor of that room was removed
yesterday and a handsome figured gray
linen crash put down to form a dancing
surface. The large number of dances
kept the company until after midnight.
The Marine Band, under the leadership
of Lieutenant Santellmann, and the ar
tillery corps band from Washington bar-"
racks alternated in furnishing the music.
A buffet luncheon was served In the
banquet-room, where the* decorations were
very much the same as. at the Cabinet
dinner last- night. The conservatory,
brilliantly lighted, was opened during
the evening and was i a favorite place of
promenade between , dances. ¦
- When the guests arrived at the White
House they were conducted to .the blue
parlor, where the presentations were made,
Mrs. Roosevelt introducing her daughter.
The latter presented a charming appear
ance in a dress of white chiffon, with
white roses, and wearing the jewels which
her father gave her at Christmas. Mrs.
Roosevelt wore pure white, with white
lace and trimmed with lilac orchids. Miss
Helen Roosevelt; a cousin of the Presi
dent, and who also was one of the immedi
ate party of the hostess, wore white chif
fon with white satin ribbon,"" and -Miss
Cuttin white lace trimmed, with mulle
and white roses. Miss Roosevelt was the
recipient of many floral pieces in beauti
ful design, sent to her in commemoration
of her "coming out" day. The President
enjoyed the occasion heartily and mingled
freely among: the young folks.
When the ball was opened to-night the
interior of the White House was most
attractive. , Never before have the floral
decorations been more beautiful. Tha
massive mirrors, chandeliers, columns
and ceiling of the east room, > where the
dancing occurred, were • festooned and
garlanded with smllax, maidenhair fern
arid asparagus trimmed with bouquets of
carnations. 'More; than a mile of green
festooning was used in this way. The
window recesses were filled " witn palms
rising out of banks of variegated foliage.
The mantels were banked with roses and
azaleas set in tropical cretons and
crowned above with screw pines. Eng
lish holly was used in profusion ln the
decorations. The red, green and blue par
lors were adorned on the same lavish
scale.
Miss Koosevelt is the first Whit© House
debutante since 1873, when Miss Nellie
Grant, the daughter of President and
Mrs. Grant, was presented to society at
a ball which was the gayest social event
of the decade. To-nignt's entertainment
was given a personal rather than an In
formal character by Mrs. Roosevelt,
whose wish was that Miss Roosevelt
should make her debut much as though
it had taken place in her own private
home, rather than in the White House.
There was no cotillon and consequently
no favors.
WASHINGTON. /Jan. 3.-Miss Alice
Roosevelt, eldest daughter of • President
and Mrs. Roosevelt, was formally pre
sented to Washington society to-night at
a ball given In her honor at the White
House. About 500 guests were present,
many of whom were either connections
of the Roosevelt family or well known
society people living outside of Washing
ton. v
Southern- California Or
chardist in^ a Pre
dicament. /
Five Hundred Guests at
-Brilliant White
House Ball.
GREET DAUGHTER
OF PRESIDENT
RECORDS CURB
HIS FREEDOM
8
ADVERTISEjirENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Jl Steamers leave Broadway
' ifcw . "Wharf, San Francisco:
t^^EBSfc. For Alaskan ports — tl a.
m - Jan - '• tt - n « 16 - 21 - 2a -
i *2* S^ffCS«l Slt Ii " eb - *• Change to com-
'¦'rTS.t^a pany's steamers at Seittle.
' CflC^i!**n1 For V1 ctorla, Vancouver (B.
£«^S©^4i C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
'if- Tacoma. Everett and N'eir
--'^Qm Whatcom (Wash.) — XI a. m.»
Jan. J. 8. 11.^18. 21. 26. 31. Feb. 5. Chans*
at Seattle tc this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N P. Ry-S a* "Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Far' Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. nu.
Ja«. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Ixw An-
_ e l, a ) steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays B a. ra.
For Los Angeles, calling at 8anta CrtK.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
i San Luis Obispo). (GavJota. Bonita only).
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenenw, East San
Pedto. San Pedro (Newport, Bonita only).
For Ecsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabb, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain the com-
The company reserves Hie right to chants
steamers, tailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. •"¦ . '¦
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PJ5KKIS9 & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
Ports in Mexico.
A dellshtftil "Winter Trip. Only $60, includ-
ing: Meals and Berth, for the Rotmd Trip. Pa-
cific Coast Steamship Company's Steamer Cu-'
racao, eaillnsr from San Francisco Tuesday.
January 7th, due back January 27th. will call
at the followine Mexican ports: Ensenada.
Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan.
Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia and Guaymaa.
For further particulars inquire at Ticket
Office, No. 4 New Montsomery St.. or No. 10
Market St.. San Francisco.
O.f?:«R AT- -CO.
Only S-tactxtaslilp Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor* Rail Line fprm Portland to a)'
points East. Through Tickets to all
points. gM rnil o- steamship >nd rail, a:
lowest :Et_£k.rr*2E:s.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BfiRTti and VEILS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 3. 13. 2S
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8, 13. 2S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mont«"y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMEK3 WILL LEAVE WHARF. COK-
cer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
! Kobe (Hioico), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting: at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board ga
day of salllns:.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4th. 1903
SS.- HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30th, 1909
BS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 23th, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company'] offlca,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PAKI3,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Lout3 Jan. iffSt. Louis Feb. 5
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22 Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
St. Paul Jan. 291 St. Paul Feb. 19
RED STAR LINE.
Nev/ York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Frlesland Jan.. 15 Kensington Feb. 5
Southwark Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb. 12
Vauerland Jan. 29 Haverford Feb. ID
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Centrat
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. .
SANTIAGO Jan. « 'GUATEMALA. Feb. 15
TUCAPEL Jan. 2SiPALENA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, SI Si ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $106; Steerage. $40; Meats Tree.
6. S. Argyll calls Tuesday, Jan. 21
«5. S. Leelanaw calls Monday. Feb. 3
6. 6. Argyll sails Monday. Mae. 3
From Howard-street wharf it I p. a
Freight • and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
. ' • - P. F. ' CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
oceaiHcs.g.co. s^aas
S3. ALA1CEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Jan. 4, '02, 2 p. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
About Jan. 10. "03
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., Jan. 1Q 10 a m.
J. D. SPSECKELS k 2H0S. CO., Bineni Agents. 327 U*ti SI
len'l Passangar Office, 643 Markat St. Pier No. 7. Pacific St
C0MPA3XI3 GENERALS THAS3ATLANTI3UJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^,.
Sailing every Thursday, instead o»,/fitTi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42.'iHai*jS
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seeon.l
class to Havre. J45 and UDwarrt. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR (TirNA\FYAR^^
Staamsn GSN. FRISBIB or M0NTICBLL3
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 n. in., except Sun*
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a.'m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 50
cents. Teleohone Main 1508. Landing and
of nee. pier 2. Mission-street dock. ¦ HATCH
BROS.
The Weekly Call.
Si. pep. Year*.
Army Surgeon C. S. Beverly became so
deaf from catarrh that he was forced to
resign his position and abandon his pro-
fession. " He says: * "Of course " my in-
herent professional prejudice was hard to
overcome, but knowing of the great bene-
fit you^had received, my dear General,
through the use of Stuart's Catarrh ¦ Tab-
lets, I usedi them. The great and almost
immediate ' relief I • experienced was truly
astonishing. I am now; entirely cured and
have no fear of the disease returning I
go back to my old post next month " '
• Stuart's Catarrh Tablets have ¦ done 'It
fio'do^it, :will do it. Try - them -and be
convinced. ¦: They are for sale at any drug
store at 50 cents a box. It will put you
to very little trouble or. expense to prove
what they will do for you. . Send to F A
Stuart • Company, 'Marshall, Mich., for
their: free book about "catarrh." A -postal'
card will bring itVWrlte to-day.
Mrs. Jane Barlow, the famous modiste
says: + "'I finally had to give up personai
attention to my customers,' and In conse
quence many of them went elsewhere I
was In despdlr for specialists seemed pow-
erless to help me. - Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets cured me in just • a little while so
completely that now I hear as well as
ever."
That Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do ef-
fectually cure catarrh of the eustachian
tubes; and^the head noises and deafness
resulting therefrom is attested by the fol-
lowing: : .
were . intended for them. What happened
to them is 'of frequent occurrence and in
three cases out of four might have been
prevented by the use of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets. These tablets cure all kinds of
catarrh. They can be bought in any drue
store for; 50 cents a box. ,. •. B .
'.Two : . acquaintances - of ' the • writer i were
run , down and killed i by the ' cara ln one
year. Both r had catarrh ¦ of <¦: the ¦¦¦ head,
which 'had extended "up the . eustachian
tubes, leading from the throat to the mid-
dle ear, and were quite hard of hearing.
In both '. cases the coroner's '¦ Jury; decided
that : they came | to . their death because of
Inability ¦ to hear and heed • signals ¦ that
'¦- It , should be • understood and constantly
borne In mind that to restore. the hearing
and silence the distracting noises a treat-
ment-is required that will allay inflamma-
tion; in .the. eustachian tubes, reduce; the
congestion and swelling an,d stop the se-
cretion • of . mucus so that - the . tubes : will
be and' keep open for the free passage of
air Into .the middle ear. : No locally ap-
plied medicine will effectually do ;this,
only a searching constitutional alterative
and resolvent will : cure < catarrh . in " the
deep recesses of the head.*3jAHV£gB£; .' ;i,
, Nine cases out of /ten of head noises and
progressive -hardness Sof ¦ hearing, are due
to catarrh of the"middle ear or of the tube
leading from it to the throat.
'.In nearly every case of partial or. 1 com-
plete deafness there Is another feature
that ¦ to many Is more ' troublesome • than
the difficulty of hearing— the distracting
head' noises. ¦ These ¦ make such an * im-
pression on some as to almost drive them
insane. ¦ The everlasting buzzing, ring-
Ing, snapping, rumble or roar - distracts
them by day and prevents rest at night.
Impairment of hearing robs one of many
of the Joys of life, exposes to danger, In-
terferes with capacity . for usefulness,
limits abllity-,to transact' business and
earn a llvlngr Many annually . abandon
their plans, ambitions and hopes . on ac-
count of loss of hearing.
ADVERTISEJ&ENTS. :
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CA|TER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
. bear signature of St&s^J^&^gi
Very sxcall and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF fi^AOTTtfc1 F0Ra£ADACHLv SEE
L Uml tKo for dizziness. uuu
GENUINE Hi VFR roR torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR JhJJss "a sallow skik. WRAPPER
"PRINTED O3ST K.E3D r 3 -A.P > E3I?,. n
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TURNOVER
A NEW LEAF
On New Year's Day and send your laun-
dry work to the U. S. Laundry. Then you
will .always be sure to have the finest
work it is possible to do. Tour linen will
look better and last longer. We deliver
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Strast
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San PablouAve.
GOHOBRHOEA AND URINARY DISCHABGB3
A; CURE IN 48 HOURS.
JBUSEUH OF JWflTOMYJ
\ j3[ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m -jLjfl^i-— World. Weaknesses or any contracted g
V disease positively ca red by the oldest T
0 jffesjjjl Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 jr=irs. ©
iflS^fl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
f fSHSjB Consultation free and stiictly private. \
I YjHy H Treatment personally or by I'tter. A O
¦ T a| Pant iie Cure in ersry case undertaken. Y
FH Hot W r :te for Book. PKI1>OSOPUV or A
I I* B*n*MGE, MAILED FREE. ( A Y
A (J fj. valuable book for n*n) \
f JDK. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. P. 9
R00F1MSLATE.
. ' We are prepared to furnish unexcelled black,
also cray. rooflnsr slate, manufactured at our
quarries in El Dorado County. We invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate.
On application full information will be fur-
nished Intending builders.
EUREKA SLATE CO.
Room 15, Second Floor. Mills Building.
' San Francisco. Cal. - i :^'
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881, Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures suaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
£31 CNICHEQTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pslls
H.«<m*^V Original and Only Uenulna.
F-O*&>J\SAS"E. Al« its reliable. Ladle", ut Dragftrt
>.f \ J>S& tor CHICHESTEK'S ENGLISH
{W*^?W$5\ia KEO aa4 Gold mef»lUc bo««. «»l.d
j|^ ribbon. Toke bo other. Beftu*
I?) | S ft * *xJ »M«Ccrova *nh«tltu tl r>«t« Bad Imlta.
I V '-, ' *D tlo "»- Bu 7 of y°"' Onolil. or »«nd 4«. in
IX & "¦f*£*» to . r . P«»»*leul»r«, T*.tlm«»lmla
\T?» f? * n<1 JRell«rfor Ladlcis'tnletcer, by re»
•A. ff turn Si nil. 1 0,000 Testimonials. Sold by
¦7-""""' •JtDroKiita. Chiohe»t«rChem!esl Co-
Mtntion tail paper. Ma<Msoi\ Squmre, 1'HILA, K£
*i wt Bi * f* u * non-pofaonotw
. Jr^fmlBaaSa^r* B remedy for Gonorrhea*.
1 n r7"Qfi3 Gloet, Sporxnatorrhcea,
jEmW CURES Tra Whites, nnnatnral dia-
gBBglnWo & d»j«. la charges, or nnr inflatoma-
ygfjf Guaranteed to ** tion, irritation or ulcera-
R. M r» . — .-.; — tion of znQcotis mem-*
gfc-« Frarea* conia»ion. ¦ fc Non-astringent.
Bfl^THEEYANSCHEV13AtCO v Sola by 1,^^
l^^ CINCINN *^ l0 'E§cPor Bent in plain wrapper,
U. 8. 1. JSfti by espreas, prepaid, for
AJ»KtfBghv 1TOa rfjW h iW I.1.0O, or 3 bottle*. f2.7J.
¦^^l^giggg^jsOfci Circular sent oa requast.
&CO./^?g^
Cl 1 )
MARKET ST. S R^alSy^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD "USE DAMUNA BITTERS THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives nealth «-nd'
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 523 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES:
Catalogues and Ppiee Lists Mailed
- on Application. V
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
I f WIT SftN fe fft 00 ° Battery Street.
J»V WlLJUfl g hV: Telephone Main 18M.
, FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RftYFS £ fft Shipping Butchers. 10 1
JAJ« DUIC3 g WU Clar. Tel. Ma;n 12&4.
_— OILS. " '
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 171'J. *
PRINT IlSd.
EC/ HUGHES C u S » 3 , : ,
PRINTERS, BOOKBINtlERS.
' THE : HICKS-JITDD CO..
' 23 First .treet; San Francisco.
AJVEBTISEMENTS.
o- ¦ ¦ §
! Baltimore 1
Has Taken I
The Lead I
I And Holds It I
rv CSSI8TT A WOT OOXXI88ZOH OO^Ine- S
~X SJI Sansoine Et., Ban Fmnelteo, C*i V
p* Telephone ilaln «7«. . ¦ ' O¦; Gus Davies,' who lives at 149 Third street.'
reported "to Policeman 'Morrlssey' shortly
after .2 1 o'clock \ yesterday morning that v a
sburglar "¦ had " broken'?: Into -.the fi room -.' of
Frank Renwick. . ' Morrissey !,went to the
room and ; found Teddy * Boyle : there, • who
had v a bundle, of clothing wrapped .up
ready • to. be carried? away.' Boyle was
'. arrested and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of ; burglary. ; '*¦'¦;
... - . .
Burglar Found in- Room.
The suit of Paul *Vincent I or ; an order
restraining Chief of Police Wittman from'
blockading., the court in , the rear of 115D
Dupont street came up before Judge Sea
well yesterday. ¦: A. '. demurrer ito • the'^ sup
plemental complaint filed by City Attorney
Lane was i argued and submitted and fur-"
ther hearing set for January 16. • The suit
for an injunction filed by. Mrs. Paris, who
keeps a ; lodging-house at 60 Bacon place,
restraining- 1 . Wittman from blockading
that place, will be heard January 14.
In junction Cases Continued.
The reading pf affidavits filed ln.the suit
of Randall vs. Willett, manager, and as
sistant j: manager .'•; respectively ot .'the
Wakelee Drug : Company, -. whose . quarrel
over r the- finances of ¦• the firm Is being
aired in the' courts,, occupied ¦> the atten
tion ; of ¦ Judge v Seawell - yesterday. * The
affidavits were- made >. by ~x business ;men
,who have i had dealings with the firm, and
were all alike in that they certified to the'
business "abilities and gentlemanly, quali
ties of the quarreling 'druggists. \: :The trial
proper will be. heard January. 9. ¦ .
Many Affidavits- Bead.
Robert Dunphy of Mlllbrae and Arthur
Poheim of this city found the badly de
composed body of a young man on the
bay shore near Mlllbrae yesterday morn
ing. They notified Coroner Crowe bf Red
wood City, and the body was taken to the
Morgue at the last named . place. .;
•The remain* are those of a young man
about five feet seven Inches in height; anil
are supposed to be those of - Robert De
croux of 1207 Twentieth avenue, South San
Francisco, who disappeared from home
ten days . ago. . ' ¦ ' ; . ¦.- i
The deceased wore white or gray under-'
clothes; brown : overalls "~ and • a blue, or
black linen shirt with white stripes. An
inquest will . be held on ¦ the remains by-
Coroner Crowe this mornlne.
Duck-Hunters', Locate Decomposed
Body Supposed to Be That of
; Robert Decroux. ;
REMAIN'S OP YOUNG MAN
ARE FOUND NEAB MILLBBAE
A burglar with a lighted candle last
evening tried to enter the residence of
David Franklin, an electrician, at 935 Bu
chanan street, but was frightened off by
one of- the Inmates. The matter was re
ported to the police.
Frightens Off a Burglar.
A wagon loaded with coal, and driven
by William McAdam, was struck by an
electric car at Folsom and Main streets
•last night. McAdam was thrown from his
seat and perhaps fatally injured. The
wagon was completely wrecked. McAdam
was removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Struck by an Elec^ic Car.
The , Board of Education met yesterday
and transacted considerable business. '-,-
Chester : A: Wetmore and John Drew
"were nominated for teacher of science in
tho Missiftn High . School. •;¦ Wetmore re
ceived three votes and was appointed.
The vacation of the Buena Vista School
was extended until January 13, 1902,; as It
Is undergoing repairs. , . .- ;
The recommendation of Principal Mor
ton of the Lowell High School that' G/ H.
Stolz be assigned as nead of the'classlcal
department In the school. was approved.
• The resignation of -Mrs. Hannah Lang
ley as janitress of the Irving Scott School
was accepted. ' .. :
j A vote of thanks was • tendered Store
keeper Charles E.McAuliffe for, the able
manner in which he has attended to his
duties. .-•.'.¦ ' ¦ ;-•' ¦
-Miss R. Cassasa having served her pro
bationary term, was elected . a regular
teacher.'"."'- - . , ' • . .". '.
Mrs; Julia Lange (nee Beck) and Mrs.
Smith O'Brien. (nee Dyer), not having re
ported for duty for more than two years,
were dropped, from , the ¦ evening eligible
list of teachers. ¦ . ¦- •
Miss K; R: Paxton was transferred 'from
the: Irving, Scott- School^^ to the Buena
Vista School/ • .- ;
Leave of ' absence was pranted to Miss
A. Thelsen and Miss M. E. " Mower. ¦ .•
• Mrs.: Mary Howley was appointed Jani
tress . of the - xrvlng M. Scott School, to
take effect January 6. 1902. . •
List .for Failing to Beport
' V for Duty.
Teachers AreDTopped From Eligible
B0 ABB OF EDUCATION
MAKES APPOINTMENTS
• ' Mrs. 'William 1 F.- Herrln received a num
ber, of callers yesterday, at", her beautiful
home, ¦¦ Broadway. ' and • Scott street. ¦ Mrs.
Herrin „ was .; assisted'? by > her r daughter
Miss Catherine Herrln, the debutante who
is winning the -hearts of every.'. one- she
meeta. : , ,-¦ a r - '. • ; . •. j . . -,
•Mrs. Fair fax H.'.Wheelan gave a' mati
nee tea- yesterday : afternoon -at her resi
dence,. 1915: Baker street. The tea was a
small' one and, quite. inf ormal. ..
The guests leave to-dayfor San Mateo
at 2:30 p.' m. and will be given a coach
ing party upon ; arrival, v Fifty . guests
have been invited to meet- them in the
evening in Mrs. f Rodolph's. drawing-room.
A ¦¦¦ drive is the feature arranged for ' Sun
day'and a'musJcal Sunday evening-. ¦ -:
Some of those .who will attend are:
Miss. Gertrude r Jack, Mrs. L. H. Bryant
Dr. H.I, Staats Moore,* Walter Feldmann'
H. Broadworth ; Plum, . Frank <; Rodalph,
Miss Louise Hoff acker, Mrs." Ruby Bond
and , Miss Hopkins. . ¦- ;: . - ,. •... . .
. Mrs..B. J. Ro'dolph of San Mateo Is giv
ing, a charming house party from Satur
day to Monday, .The guest of honor will
be JMiss. Gertrude Jack of San Luis Obis
po, who is visiting Mrs. L.;H." Bryant at
2422 Buchanan street. > : •
Among 'the email : dinner parties given
before ..the Fortnightly Cotillon were
those Jby.-Mrs. Eleanor Martin' and 'Miss
Patterson. The latter Invited twelve
young people, to dine at her home before
going- to the cotillon. .• ,- .- ¦¦.¦¦¦
Dr. C. Clark 'Collins,- TJ. S. A led the
german. Mrs, Monroe Salisbury was as
sisted by Mrs. C. P. • Robinson and Mrs.
Eleanor Martin. Mrs. Ira Pierce was not
well enough to assist: -' -¦:-?¦¦ -¦ • : -
The ever-enthusiastic Fortnlghtlys.held
their^regular cotillon last night 'in Cotil
lon Hall and. the usual number of guests
were present. ¦ • ; . 6 w -
The Argonaut' Club Assembly in the
maple room of the Palace Hotel last even
ing was a great success. About two hun
dred young people -in- elaborate evening
dress danced-, until a late hour." A deli
cious supper was served' at midnight. The
orchestra was especially, «rood. 'The Argo
naut Club is composed .of fifteen young
men who are popular at many of our
winter cotillons,: and. they.', endeavored to
return the courtesies thaUr have been
shown them on previous occasions by kIv
ing, an assembly complimentary to the
lh? f Thell ~ eftor <? were. appreciated in
this Instance, especially.^ >The -gentlemen
who had. the affair, in charge were: Da
vid B.*. Torres, Herbert Walters, F. C.
-Stratford, . Louis; Forner, Robert McGIIl,
Robert Marshal, -Joseph B. Dueein
Frank^E. -Buckley, D. E . Stewart^A. w!
Dlmond,, M.' de'Lyon,, Walter ' J. : Foley
and Dr. Calvin W.Knowles. Among the
young ladies- present were: Miss Teresa
Wheeler. Miss Gertrude. Sullivan. Miss
Marie Rose Carew and Miss Mae Nolan.
performance at the Alcazar Theater.
¦ ¦ Mr. _and ¦ Mrs. Parker will leave in a
few daya for -Washington, where they
will spend several weeks before returning
to Honolulu. : ' ..
Samuel Parker and Mrs. James K.
Campbell,- both . of -Honolulu, were mar
ried last evening at the Occidental Hotel.
The ceremony was performed ? by I Judge
J. C. Hebbard of th« Superior Court,
The bridegroom is • ¦ a wealthy cattle
raiser and extensive land -owner. He is
one 'of the .most prominent and , popular
residents of the islands.' He was under
the regime of the dethroned Queen. Since
the annexation of the .. Islands he has
been an active. National Republican and
is now a Congressman. -.
-'-Mrs. James- K. Campbell was a;wldow
of wealth. ; She ; owns - ..vast • properties
both In San Jose, and at; Honolulu, v .
The wedding- ceremony was .Very mod
est. Last evening. Mr.* ParWer, his pros
pective." bride, '-Prince '. David . and " a> few
friends- took dinner at the' hotel.'-i During
the repast a native Hawaiian band played
selections and; sang native songs. ;, -After
dinner the wedding, ceremony, took> place
in a private" prirlor. Judge Gear of Hon
olulu acted as best man and Miss Abigail
Campbell, • daughter of the -¦ bride, . stood ¦ a t
her mother's, side. At, the, close-, of -. tho
ceremony the entire party ; witnessed tho
; buckets of water for three consecutive
i .» . minutes at one and the same time.
The live fish in this tank of real ink were
. caught in Lake Merrltt.
KTKeep' Your Seats, There is No Danger.
"THE SONG OF THE SHIRT." ¦'¦-'
The same being an animated moving picture
¦ of the washout on ths line of the
;.,.¦' i Great Oriental.
I ' . - -Third Buzz of Uproarious Otiera.
> ¦ 7 - ' "PAGLIACCI."- f.v!
A dainty bit of acting, .
••"" ". "A little dash of song; — " T~~*~." •
;'; , It's all so very pretty, '
¦¦'. -/It cannot last too long. ¦*;..'
Of ; Special Importance — During this artistic
picture a- stick of dynamite will positively be
Ignited on -the- stage without m'arfcedVlncon
verilence to- the audience. Keep your eye on the
roatch'.;> -¦ • • ¦ • •¦ '." • ..¦ -.
' '. THE AVHEEZY SIX.. : ',¦'¦
A- Sextet of Emerald Voices fronv Emeryville,
j (This Galaxy of Youth and Loveliness will -
.execute a most remarkable pastoral In
;•• ¦¦"¦ one ecene and three hysterics,' -, \
>/. entitled, >. ' '-.' .--.'-.¦ ¦. .
"THE DROLL DUTCH DYKES OF DAM
STERDAM. OR WHO* BLEW OUT
THE rWINDMILL."
C7In the fifteen minutes that the curtain
remains up twenty years of woe and trouble
are supposed to elapse.
Many of the most amusing and serious
situations on the modern stage were bur
lesqued end satirized and the appreciation
of the audience was mest keen. ¦
" Elaborate preparations had been made,
a stage havjng been erected In the draw
ing loom and mechanical devices procured
from the theaters for thunder, lightning,
etc. . In "Die Walkure" (as Wagner never
hoped for it) - eight people were required
behind the scenes to produce" effects in ad
:Everything was well arranged and. the
entertainment was thoroughly clever and
original. Signs .were carefully painted and
placed at intervals with the words
"Standing room . only," which caused
much merriment upon the guests' arrival,
dition to- the performers. -•- ¦ • . --
The decorations were elaborate, a dainty
supper was served' and everybody had a
thoroughly good time. . .
The honorary pallbearers were: Reuben
H.' Lloyd' and J. F. .Merrill, representing
the Grand Encampment, Knights Temp
lar; Frank W. Sumner and A. G. Booth,
past commanders of Golden Gate Com
mandery; Alex G. Hawes and Hugh M.
Burke, George H. Thomas Post, G. A.
R.; W. R. Smedberg and C. Mason Klnne,
Loyal Legion: George 1>. Clark and C. L.
Field, ; -Golden Gate . Commandery. ~ and
George A. Moore and Dr. WV-R. Cluness,
PacitiC Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Numerous and beautiful floral tributes
at the altar and beside the casket attest
ed the sympathy of many, friends. There
was a brief service at the cemetery, clos
ing with prayer offered by Rev. Dr.
Adams. ¦..• .
At. the First Congregational Church,
Rev. Dr. George C. Adams pastor, the
Knights Templar of Golden Gate Com
mandery held beautiful and impressive
funeral services yesterday afternoon over
the body of Major ."William O. . Gould,
founder, of the commnndery, and its first
commander. Assembled at the church
were many representatives of the Loyal
Legion. Grand Army of . the Republic,
members of. the Masonic ' fraternity and
many' others who appreciated the manly
qualities and character of Major Gould.
Music . was ~ rendered by the Masonic
choir, Samuel D. flayer organist.
.After the services in the church the
Knights Templar of Golden Gate escorted
the casket to Masonic Cemetery. The
final Interment will take place at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
gregational Church by Golden
Gate Commandery.
Ceremonies Conducted at First Con-
BEAUTIFUL SERVICES IN
MEMORY OF W. O. GOULD
FOLK SOCIETY GIRLS WHO LOOKED VERY CHARMING AT THE AS
SEMBLY GIVEN BY THE ARGONAUT CLUB IN THE MAPLE ROOM
OF THE PALA.CE LAST NIGHT. • ,
Lionel Jasperson, the newsboy who
snatched a purse containing 5170 from
William Riley, an employe of the South
ern Pacific Railway Company, near the
corner of Third and Minna streets last
Thursday night, was arrested yesterday
by Officers A. J. Nolting and P. J. Mc-
Namara and charged with grand larceny.
When young Jasperson was taken into
custody he had but $9 90 of the stolen
money In his possession. After the rob
bery he cut a wide swath and nothing
was too good for himself or his compan
ions. To two of his comrades he gave $20
s piece and to another the sum of $10.
Then he took them to the Chutes, where
he feasted them on soda water, ice cream
and candies. He gave 50 cents to each of
his acquaintances . among the newsboys
and purchased shoes, fancy neckties and
handkerchiefs. He liberally tipped all
the clerks who waited upon him.
erally Tips the Clerks Who
Serve Him.
Feasts His Companions and Liber-
1TEWSB0Y IS LIBERAL
WITH STOEEN MONEY
When, these entertainers were ap
proached for information they only shook
their heads wisely and discouraged their
questioners furtner by stating that they
would know quite as little after reading
the programmes and explanations. - "¦*• :• r
The programme in full was .as follows:
DRAMATIC ACTS. •- ¦ F' .
Both instructive and amusing, as elaborately
elucidated by the Great Pacific Heights
ALL-STAR. BUT NOT STARVING COMPANT
On the night of January 3, 1902, at 2016
Pacific avenue, of the burg of San
• Francisoo. Time called at 0 p. m.
' . A Sketch.
• "THE CHRISTMAS CHIME."
Conscientiously culled and plquantly produced
by trained trackers of dilapidated drama?.
(Argument — On a bright rainy day of Apri!,
toward, the latter part of July, in the middle
of the winter- of 2»0a, tlsa was crossing the
fee at the headwaters of the Columbia River,
where it flows Into the Bay of Biscay. To
her horror she found the river catching flre
and the frigidity melting beneath her feet— In
another instant she would fall through Into
the whirring wheels of the buzzing sawmill.
Suddenly the fog cleared, discovering Reginald
whizrfngr o'er the flakelets to win from the
teeth of death' a blushing brldelet.)"
Pog— Furnished by Alambda. River—Cour
tesy of Thames Daily Current. Ice—Compli
ments of Frozen Ice Company. Sawmill—'
Loaned br O. K. Lumber C6mpany..
i_ Note — Lc ok out for the dog. - . \
First Whiff From the Opera.
A one act Hummer, unearthed at great ex
pense from the catacombs of the.AIham
bra and telegraphed out for this .
performance.
There was a. young lady from Spain,
Who left Don Jose In the rain;
He sang a short song
-/¦'•'. -That didn't take long, . '
. ' And never came singing again.
¦• ¦ - • : '\ '
"UNE BELLE MARQUISE."
A - setting that rivals anything Tiffany or
• • Klralfy ever attempted.
439 knlghta and ladles, SO horses and 8
C wagons before the calcium at once. - ,
Performed In London for 3S0 nights in one year.
Note — This being their souvenir performance
'Any email . testimonial from the audience for
each star and planet will not come amiss. -
; A Dialogue.
"TROUBLE FOR TWO." . ;
Coftfidentiar conversations by - kindly people
craving cautious criticism. . -,
fiecond Whin* of Mefodlous Ozone, j
Consenting to repeated requests, hU Growl begs
- to announce an extra performance this
evening of ' .
"DIE WALKURE."
(Made In -Germany.)
As Wagner never hoped for It.
Note — Unfortunately • Mine. Amy Aymes can
not take the leading role, but Mrae. Rusty
Belts, Mme. Shoeleeg-Heink and. Mile. Frijky
Cook will do the best they can— th« rest , of
the cast In proportion. , • ¦ ¦ - ; - .
-> Horse— Courtesy of Petaluma Chicken Food
Company. Weather — Furnished by McAdle.
(?Tarts of acts I, II. Ill and IV have been
omitted for benefit of last: boat commuters.
A Revised Dramatization ; of Jules ¦ Verne's
1 - ¦ . Famous Story. . ¦'¦::
'iAN INCH UNDER THE SEA." •
Moft realistic rescue act ev#r attempted ' on
any stage. - :
The hero will positively hold his head in" three
5>T|=ssHE handsome McCutchen resi
1 dencc, at 2016 Pacific avenue, was
I the scene of a brilliant assem
sJL blag-e last night. The affair had
been looked forward to eagerly
by the one hundred and fifty people who
had received invitations and very few of
them stayed at home. The only words re
garding the entertainment on the cards
were "Curtain rises at nine," and the fact
that everything else was such a secret in
tensified the curiosity. No amount of per
suasion could Induce those who were pre
paring the programme to reveal their
plans. The participants were: Mr. and
Mrs. Ed Schmledell, Burbank Somers, Mr.
and Mrs. Lathrop, Miss Bessie Ames, Miss
.Carolan. Miss Genevleve Carolan; Miss
McBean, Sam Boardman, W. S. Burnett,
Mr. Burrage, Harry Poet, Charles Marks,
Mrs. Smedberg, Captain Benwick Smed
berg, Frank Owen, Miss Sarah Collier,
Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Edith Preston.
Dr. Armlstead found that in one of the
wounds on his scalp an iron washer was
imbedded. . On • its removal he regained
consciousness I and reported the loss , of
his silver watch, which he thinks was
stolen by his assailants. He assigns the
same reason for the assault as did Nich
olson. Detective Thomas Gibson has
been detailed to investigate the reports of
the two men. • ¦ .
Shortly after the arrival of Nicholson
at the hospital Ernest Egley, an em
ploye of the Western Sugar Refinery, liv
ing at 181 Shipley street, was brought to
the hospital in an unconscious condition.
He was also walking ¦ along .Kentucky
street and was set upon by a crowd of
men and rendered unconscious. - -
•John- Nicholson, an' employe ' of the
Union' Iron Works, living, at .610 Jessie
street, was treated last night at the Cen
tral Emergency .Hospital for a number of
severe contusions on / the " head. . Nichol
son was on his way home and was walk
ing along Kentucky street, about a quar
ter of a mile from the works, when he
was' set upon by five men and badly
beaten with clubs. He claims the assault
was a result of the recent labor troubles.
From, Recent Labor Troubles.
Police Are Investigating Claim Made
v by ;Both That Beatings Resulted
TWO MEN ARE ASSATJI/TED
NEAR UNION IRON WORKS
Wells, Fargo & Co., $59,119 84; H. E. Hunt
lngton, $17,896 SO; Sunset Telephorfe Company,
$19,500 GO; Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company, $53,679 30; the Consolidated
Giant Powder Company (franchise), $2t3S4 44;
Giant Powder Company (franchise), $2925 51;
Contra Costa Water Works (franchise), $14,
760 50; Henry Hoffman estate, $665 54; Lon
don, Paris and American Bank (bonds),
$4028 84; Manhaln. Dlbbern & Co. (franchise),
$313 46; Oakland Water Company . (franchise),
$9780 50; H. F. Windell estate (bonds). $718 35;
California Powder Works, $10,939 74.
S. G. ( Murphy. " $823 22r Calvin Paige,
$ 1 152 60 ; J. D. Phelan, . $3558 34 ; George C.
Perkins, $329 28; J. Frowenfleld, $1205 07: C.
C. Hopkins, $320 28; Mrs. C. Qoodalt. $375 39-
Mary Burton Harrison, $1265 80: Mrs. S A
Edwards, $329 2S; James Callaghan, $319 51;
Slnwn Backman, $362 20; J. K. Mofntt
$329 28: L. Woodward,- $663; Henry Knorp.
$1205 97; I Kohn, $1807 38; Rosa S. Kugelman.
$903 94; William H. Brenner, $701 68: Orestos
Pierce, $1016 57; C. Adolph Low, $1755 1)0;
Eleanor Martin. $6331 91; Louis Schueltz
$459 15; B. M. Allen, $903 93; Mary M. Bald
win. $1114 83; A. S. Burnett, $903 0-1; George
Crocker, $7089 18; Mrs. J. M. Driscoll, $1881 60;
H. H. Howlett, 53030 02.
The corporations that are made defend
ants and the sums sued for follow:
Attorney A. Ruef, representing the Col
lector of Delinquent Taxes, filed forty-one
suits for taxes due and unpaid yesterday*
The defendants in the . suits are all
wealthy people and the complaints state
that they owe amounts ranging from $200
to $60,000. Contrary to the custom usually
pursued, the suits are brought against
those -whose taxes are due on franchises,
bonds and bank stock' 'and not against
people whose taxes are due on their homes
and personal belongings.
Owners of -Block in the First National
Bank of this city, ¦ who claim that the
stock is not taxable, are among the de
fendants. • The question of the validity of
taxes levied on bank stock is now before
Judge Morrow of the United States Dis
trict Court, but the suits instituted by
Attorney Ruef will nevertheless be prose
cuted with vigor. Those who are being
sued by Attorney Ruef, and the amounts
it is alleged they owe on shares of stock
in the bank, are as follows: ¦ : ,
Compel Capitalists
to Pay Up.
Effort Will Be Made to
• The evening. was devoted to a discussion
of the best means or advancing . the In
terests of the organization. '
It- was decided to hold the annual ban
quet on -the-' evening . of -Washing Jon's
•Birthday. -The board of trustees was em
powered to make the necessary arrange
ments.Mr. 31enfleld offered an amend
ment to the constitution to do away, with
the Initiation fee.. The matter will be dis
cussed at the next meeting. ' - ¦
On retiring from the office of sachem
Mr. Cannon took occasion to ¦ call the
members' attention to the fact that the
club was in a rut. He advised the mem
bers to take a greater and more active in
terest in- politics. He thought the Iro
quois Club should be a dominant factor
in national, State, and municipal politics
instead of passing resolutions. He stated
the club was beginning to be looked upon
as a resolution club. He thought. if the
members showed greater'interest. in af
fairs of state, there would, be no necessity
to reduce •<. the ,-. initiation, fee to secure
members... - v , ... ..¦•; . "'_
. Sachem. J. ' B. Keenan;; senior and junior
sagamores, 1C. Gorman and W. H. Kline;
recording: secretary, E. R. Zion: corresponding
secretary, H. L. Bienfleld; financial secretary,
Augustus Pratt; treasurer, W. A. Asmussen;
trustees— W. J. Bryan, L. Metzger, Charles A.
D. Lemon. C- J. B. Butler, L. V. Merle and
W. J. Locke.
' War- ¦whoops' and commendatory words
greeted the | newly elected officers of the
Iroquois Club when they were installed
last evening, j The ceremony . of installa
tion was v ¦ simple, but impressive. Ex-
Sachem William Cannon read the ritual
and the members raised their voices at the
proper time. The officers installed were:
* ' Affairs.
Installation and Discuss Local
Iroquois Braves Hold an Interesting
SUITS BROUGHT
FOR TAXES DUE
GBEET THEIR OFFICERS
WITH LOUD WAR-WHOOPS
GATHERING DATA
FOR A MESSAGE
Interstate Commerce
Commission to Begin
Investigations.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow will say: -The Interstate Com
merce Commission will begin a series of
three investigations in Chicago next Tues
day, which Is said . to have for its
purpose- the gathering- of data for a spe
cial message by President Roosevelt to
Congress. It is said that in this special
messagevPresident Roosevelt will deal
with tnreo subjects, as follows:
First— Railway combinations.
Second the Interstate Commerce Com
mission.
Third— Legislation governing interstate
traffic
Originally it was the purpose of the
President to cover these subjects fully in
his annual message to Congress, but ow
ing, to the Inability of the Interstate
Commerce Commission to get all the facts
necessary, these subjects were touched
upon but briefly, and were left to be han
dled In a supplementary message. The
investigations which will be made, and,
which will supplant those already made,
are:
. 1. Tuesday,' at Chicago, the transportation
of packing-house products and dressed beef.
¦ 2. Wednesday, at Chicago, the Burlington-
Northern Paciflc-Great Northern combination.
3. Thursday, at Kansas City, grain and
grain products to Eastern and seaboard points.
4. Friday, at Chicago, packing-bouse prod
ucts and dressed beef.
United States Marshal Ames' deputy'
was busy to-day serving and trying to
serve subpenaes on representatives of
packing-house interests. He had six sum
monses and succeeded in serving two.
Several of the men sought are said to
have escaped service by leaving the city
hurriedly, one of them missing the deputy
by only a few seconds.
While the packing-house men are ap
parently shunning the investigation, the
railroad men are not seeking to avoid it.
Many of them believe that anything is
better than the present conditions, and
that with stable rates would come lower
rates, to the great benefit of the entire
country. The packing-house men who
were served with subpenaes are: George
B. Bobbins, president of the Armour car
lines, and W. B. Jenkins, superintendent
of transportation for the Hammond Pack
ing Company. No subpenaes were issued
for the railroad men. but in their stead
letters were received from the commis
sion requesting their attendance at the
Investigation.
It is said that every person In charge of
traffic on a road centering here and known
to carry packing-house products and
dressed beef has received a copy of the
letter.
It Is understood that the legal counsel
interested In the organization of the
Northern Securities Company— James J.
Hill. E. H. Harrlman, J. P. Morgan,
former President Hays of the -Southern
Pacific, President Bur.t of the Union Pa
cific and.J. C. Stubbs, traffic director for
the Harriman lines— have been asked to
attend. None of these men were subpe
naed, but Darius Miller said that he ex
pected to respond to the commission's re
quest, and it is presumed that others will
do the same. -
It Is also the purpose of the commission
to inquire into the purchase of the South
ern Pacific by the LTnion Pacific and Into
all that has transpired within the last
year as tending to show the workings of
the community of lnterets' idea.
Railroad men have .been given to un
derstand that the Investigation Into rate
matters is not for the purpose of inflicting
punishment upon any one, but simply in
the line ot - Investigation ' for facts and
data. This fs understood as confirming:
the purpose of tho President to send a
special message to Congress.
league Club Entertainment
The second entertainment and ball of
the League Club -will be herd at Odd Fel
lows' Hall Friday evening, January 10.
The members have secured high-class
talent, among 'Whom, are C. Belmont. the
female impersonator. The programme
will terminate with a roaring burlesque on
"Romeo and Juliet," by J. E. McCormick.
Frank Gilson will star as Terence O'Hou
lihan in - the role of Romeo and George
Shaw .will . appear,' as the entrancing
Juliet.- Dancing -will close the evening's
entertainment. - ¦ ¦ . ¦¦
Amusement Company Formed.
Articles. of incorporation of the Wood
ward Amusement Company " were filed
yesterday. -The directors are William B.
Peel, Edwin Kendall, J. E. Slinkey, Jo
seph I*. Taaffe and James H. McCIure*
The capital stock of the corporation la
$75,000, of which $37,500 has been sub
scribed, •-cis^ftag i' Hi >n iiiwiiiHBaal
"How about' the occasions when you are
going from one place to another, Chief?"
• ''Well, we will have . to wait until we
reach the destination," said Sullivan. "But
as far as the police are concerned, I think
the Chief will find some means of meeting
the difficulty. As a rule enough apparatus
and noise attends a fire to give a general
Warning. The first day of the- new sys
tem, which is a negative one at. the best,
'will find its first operation to-day if there
Is a fire. Then experience will do the
rest." v:.-.?; •-- • v •..-..•¦- --\ . ¦¦ v ¦¦•- . - '.
Chief Sullivan of the fire department and
Chief Wittman of the police \ department
entertain different ; ideas- on the new sys
tem of whistle-suppression. :No longer
will be heard the terrifying fire whistle.
Chief Wittman thinks the new plan
adopted by , the Fire Commissioners is
neither feasible ' nor . practicable. ... Chief
Sullivan is of the opinion that all will go
well, and time will prove him right.
"I don't see how it can work successful
ly,", said . the Chief of -Police yesterday.
•'Policemen, must. go to the fires ..to keep
the crowds back and to preserve ord^r.
How are they to find out when there is a
fire? No, sir; it's not practicable." +
Chief, Sullivan is more, optimistic. "We
have been preparing for the abandonment
of the whistle alarm for three years.-
Where the men are accustomed to get
shaved orto eat, or where they live, fire
alarms will be placed, so, you see, no in
convenience will result on that score."
.It Is required of the battalion chief to
inspect air the buildings In his district.
When' engaged ¦ in . such labor he has an
escort with him. Under the new order
the escort must be an operator,- who will
be stationed : at a flre box and know ex
actly^where the battalion chief is all the
time. * ¦ • ¦-¦ -. • ,-- -
A suggestion by B. J. S. Cahill that the
balance -of the fund raised for entertain
ing the soldiers and sailors who returned
from the Philippines be placed at the dis-~
poEal of the memorial committee elicited
a reply from the Mayor that there was
the sum of $25,000 on hand, and that it
would be used to erect a monument to the
Californians who died in serving In the
late war.
The time in which sculptors may send
in designs was fixed at ninety days. On
motion of Irving M. Scott, Mayor Phelan
was authorized to appoint an executive
committee of five, the Mayor and officers
of the committee to be ex-offlcio members
of the executive committee.
As Mayor 'Phelan will shortly leave on
a vacation he asked that a vice president
be elected. The committee gave the honor
to Irving M. Scott.
The committee adjourned to meet at the
coil of the presiding officer.
In order to raise the balance of the
money needed lists will be prepared and
letters sent to prominent citizens. It is
expected to raise $10,000 by this means.
Treasurer Murphy stated that a certain
number of gentlemen were pledged to
make up whatever balance is required
when the public subscriptions cease.
Vouchers -were ordered paid for $500.' in
cluding postage, printing and the salary
for two months of Secretary Ross, whoso
service? will now be dispensed with. .
More Money Is H«quired.
Location for Monument Selected.
A communication was received from
Mrs. Zelia Nuttall outlining plans for a
park museum, to cost $400,000, and sug
gesting that if certain citizens would do
nate that sum of money that a suitable
memorial to the late President could then
be erected in the shape of a "McKinley
Lecture Hall."
The letter of Mrs. Nuttall was received
and a suitable reply was ordered 6ent to
her expressing sympathy with her view3,
but regretting that the memorial com
mittee was unable to accept the sugges
tion.
It was decided by the committee that
the memorial to the late President Mc-
Kinley should take the form of a monu
ment or statuary, and that all sculptors
in California Bhould be asked to send in
designs.
The committee decided that it would not
award prizes to competitors, and that de
signs should be sent to the Hopkins Art
Institute.
The question of the location of the me
morial was then taken up, and in order to
guide the sculptors in making their de
signs and for the information of the pub
lic the committee resolved that its present
cense was that the monument should be
erected at the junction of Market street
and Van Ness avenue, where it might
be constantly viewed by the public and by
all who participate In processions.
Mayor Phelan announced that 2179 sub
scribers had donated to the fund, exclu
sive of the general donations of the school
children. , ,
Treasurer Murphy reported that the
subscriptions on hand amounted to 530,
304 S4, and during the meeting a further
donation of $300 was received from, the
Chinese Six Companies.
It was the unanimous sense of the meet
ing that the sum of $50,000 should' be
raised in order that the monument to the
late President might be worthy of his life
and also of the city. Mayor Phelan de
sired that the public might learn through
the press that the subscription lists had
not closed and would remain open for an
indefinite time.
The treasurer was authorized by the
committee to place the money on hand in
the savings banks of the city.
The committee appointed to secure
funds for the erection of a monument In
this city to *he late President William
McKinley met yesterday aTternoon in the
office of Mayor Phelan. In addition J.o
Mayor Phelan the following gentlemen
were present: S. G. Murphy, Rolla V.
Watt. William H. Jordan. D. J.. O'Leary.
A. Sbarboro, Irving M. Scott, William
Greer Harrison, Raphael Welll, E. B.
Pond and B. J. S. CahilL
Chiefs Sullivan Is Satisfied
That All Will Go
- Well.
Committee to Ask More Do
.nations, as $50,000 Is
Required.
Chief 'Thinks
New Scheme Is Not "
Feasible; "¦;•
Memorial to Take Form
of a Monument on
Market Street.
POLICE DESIRE
FIRE WHISTLES
M'KINLEY FUND
GROWS STEADILY
BURLESQUE AND SATIRE AMUSE
GUESTS AT McCUTCHEN HOME
bociety D.vides Its Energies Between Histrionic. Efforts on- a Stage,
Erec:ed in th? Drawing Room, and Operating Machinery to
Imitate Nature's Forces When Tragical Effect Is Necessaiy
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAfcLy SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1902.;
This question arises in • the family
every day; Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and . healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. ¦ No boiling ! ' no -
baking! add, boiling water and set to
cool, flavors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a packago
*t your grocers to-day, io eta." -
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
"If some of these nervous, tired, Irrita-
ble women would only leave off coffee
absolutely and try Postum Food Coffee
they would "find a wonderful change In
their life. It would then be filled with
sunshine and happiness rather than wea-
riness and discontent. And think what^n
effect it would have on the family, for the
mood of the mother is largely responsible
tor the temper of the children."
"My husband and little daughter were
subject to bilious attacks, but they have
both been entirely free from them since
we began using I'ostum Instead of coffee.
I no longer have any headaches and my
health is perfect.
"About five years ago a friend urged me
to try Postum Food Coffee. I made the
trial and the result was so ' satisfactory
that we have used it ever since;
Mre. C. K. Larzelere, Antlgo, Wls., says:
"I was taught to drink coffee at an early
age. and also at an early age I became a
victim to headaches, and as I . gTew to
womanhood these headaches became a
part of me, as I was scarcely ever free
from one.
Coffee blots out the sunshine from many
a home by making the mother, or soiree
ether member cf the household, dyspeptic,
nervous and Irritable. There are thou-
sands of cases where the proof is abso-
lutely undeniable. ; Here is one.'
A LITTLE THING
Changes the Home Feeling.
POSTUM CEREAL.
MONDAY.
genjjT all depends upon- what you want in a soap.
§|j$|B K y°" require simply a dirt remover, almost
any soap will do. But if you care at all about
fef I the thing which is to be washed, you must
IT FLOATS.
eOPVRISHT IW* •* THl PaOCTCR * GAMBLE CO. CINCIKKATI
think twice before you act. Any soap will clean linens
and muslins, but Ivory Soap leaves them as white'as
snow. Any soap will clean sheets and table cloths, but
Ivory Soap leaves no cparse, strong odor. Try it once I
ADVERTISEMENTS.riCHICAGO. Jan. 3.— At the opening prices'in
wheatv were ..depressed ,by? lower y; Liverpool
cables." ; had it; however,/ .that ';$ the
cables i had ; . been ' Vinfluenced"^: over.: night ; by^
the ; local ! bull clique,- the' leaders 'of ,whlch were'
credited ; with " having sent i selling,' orders to , the
other side .with! a!vlew, to 'depressing, the;mar
ket 1 here ' hi Vrder/ to ¦ buy; in' for, a I campaign fat
low ' prices.!* New ; York » traders ( sold ' early - on
the i bearish s foreign ¦- news, " but ' as s soon , as the
¦story, got ; out ; and < leading bulls, • began | to , buy
In .heavily .the ' early -short v,- sellers^- repented
their; rashness ' by buying back- their i own 1 stuff
at ¦ a . loss. . On -¦¦ top of - this ; factor » came 1. the
news .that 1 the v Southwest ; had ¦ little . .wheat.
Shipments I of . the cash | article : were , reported | to
New '.York and ¦ the ' Southwest * at I better I prices
thanS May was. commanding.'- here.'? -".The .cold
weather also had its bullish. effect,'; for. the win
ter; belt ii was ; reported ~ bare \ of i- any i snow ; pro
tection. Receipts also were small.'-' May, "which
opened f %©%*: .- down ; " at •• 82%@82%c, ,- Jumped
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco data : 'Maximum temperature,
S8; minimum. 44; mean, 51. - .
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures v.-ere reported from Eastern stations:
Boston .". . 4O-3OI Omaha .' 2S-08
Cincinnati 42-20 Duluth ...12-04
Phildelphia .... . .40-40! Sslt Lake City. . .40-34
Jitvr Tork 36-:!2! Chicago .........38-08
Kansas City 40-28iSt. Louis ....50-20
Jacksonville . . . . .C6-44! WaEhireton 42-34
THE "COAST UEXTORD.
The market for bonds was active and -broad,'
but still . somewhat irregular. ' Total sales,
$5.10.0.000. •
United States bonds were all unchanged • on i
the last call. : •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — - Sales. , High. Low. Close.
Atchison. :.. 31,CC0 v 81% 80% 80%
Atchison pfd 1 0,000 - ia?% 102% 102%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 13.000 108% 106% 107%
Balto & Ohio pfd. . 400 97 «t>% UtfU
Canadian Pacific . »oO llti'ri 118 . 11514
Canada Southern... 1,300* 86% 86 85%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,500 43% 47% 47%
Chi & Alton 1,500 36% 36%, 36%
Chi & Alton pfd.;." 1.100 77^4- 7«% 77
Chi Ind & Louis... 5.G00 54 53% 53%
Chi Ind & Louis pf 600 77 78}* 7C5i
Chi & Eastern 111.. ..... . . .". .... 135 ,
Chi & Gt- Western. 6,800 24% 24 24 .
Chl&GtWApfd .......' 84%
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 200 ... 47% .. 47% . 47
Chi & Northwest.. ". . 206 '
Chi R I & Pac... 2,900 158- 155 155%
Chi Term &'Tran. GOO lfl>4 16% 10
Chi Term & Tr pfd «00 32 31% 31
CCC&St Louis.. 100 97% 97% 97^
Colorado Southern. 4,100 15% 15% 15%
Colo South 1st pfd. 2,900 "61 C0% C0%
Colo South 2d pfd. 2,100 . 29% 28;* 29-
Del & Hudson..... 1,500 179»i 177% 177.
Del Lack & West..' .. .".:.". ..... 253 .
Den & Rio- Grande ..... . 45%'
D & R Grande, pfd 100 9.3% 93%- 02%
Erie .40,400 .44% 45% 43%
Erie 1 st pfd 13,700 75% 74 % 74 %
Erie 2d pfd .8.100 63% 62% 62%
Gt Northern pfd.. 4,800 190% 188% 189 •
Hocking Valley:... 800 70«4 70 70 -
Hocking Val pfd.. 700 84% 83% . 82%
Illinois Central :.. 1,100 141% 140% 140%
Iowa Central . . . 1.000 40% 39% 33%
Iowa Central pfdL. 2,4.00 76% '75 75%
Lake Erie & "West. 600' 71% 70% 70 -
L E & West pfd... . 100 127 127. 126
T^ouis & r Nashville. 3,700 108 107% 107%
Manhattan . Elevat. 30.100 138% 13C% 138%
Met Street Ry..... 8,700 1«5 163 16.3%
Mexican Central... 4,800 28 27% 27%
Mexican National.. «,100 15%.' 14%; 15-
Minn & St Louis..- 1.400 . 100% 100% 106%
Missouri ; Pacific. . . . 18,900 105 103% 103Tfc
Missouri ;K & Tex. .700 27 -20% 26%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd SOO 54 % 53.% '. 63%
New Jersey Central •..'.:. .". . . " : . . . 194. .
New York Central. 5,200 1G8% 167 • 167%
Norf & Western:.. : 7,000 C9% 58% .-.. S8\
Norf'& West pfd.. •• .100 02 91% r 91»I
Ontario & Western 11.200 ,'36" 35% 35^n
Pennsylvania 21.G00 ltil% 1504; 150V a
Reading 111,800 59 57 67%
Reading 1st pfd..'. .- 8,000 . 83% . 82% 82%
Reading 2d.pfd.... 31.700- * 66% «5 65%
St L & San Fran.;' 0,600 '58 57 . 57%
St L & S F.lst pfd ..'....- .... 83
St L, & S F 2d pfd.' 7.400 .75 ".74% 74U
St Louis Southwest. 300 -281.4 28 28-
St Lou!s SW. ; pfd.. 1 4,900 , ; 60% . .59% 60%
St Paul '51..100 16S%' 160% 166%
St Paul 'pfd :.*...'..! 200 1S9-. ;i89 ' 188%
'.Southern Pacific: 30,600; 62% 61 " ' 61 Vi
I Uouthern .Railway.. '11.400 34% ¦ 33% 33^
, Southern Ry pfd.. 4,400 ' 94>/4 9*. . 93%
Texas & Pacific...; - 200 40T4 40% 40%
Tol St L & West.. .200 19% 19' ¦ , 19%
Tol St L & W.pfd. 2.000/: 36*^ 36% .36
Union Pacific . ...".'47.200 . 104U"-"102%" ¦ 102%
Union Pacific prefd 3,800 91 - SO 90-
Wabash ..... .12,400 23%: 22% ,23^
' Wabash prefd ....^ 17,000 43% '"42%: 43 -
Whaling & L.E... - 100 '. 18% 18% 18%
W.&'L E prefd:.. ... ... 30
; ; Wis, Central ...... - 400 - 21% -.20% 20%
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Mason. Season
Eureka O.OO 15.31 24.30
ITted Bluff O.O0 10. 3G 11.27
Sacramento 0.00 0.31 7*70
<5an Francisco 0.00 5.94- 7^30
Fresno 0.00 3.23 5.43
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.31
Ran Luis Obispo O.OO 4.06 10.20
I>js Angeles O.OO 3.46 C.T9
San Diego : 0.00 0.77 £ 1.73
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
'C. There are a few Eastern Cranberries still on
the ¦ marlset, selling slowly at $9 75@11 50 per
barrel.
/Five cars of Oranges were auctioned, /as fol
lows : '' Fancy Navels, $1 S0@3 05; choice do,
$1 25@2 70: standard do, 50c@l 45; choice
Lemons, Sl@l 25. . The high prices paid for
the . Navels were . over tlv. market, and were
due - to competition among, several dealers to
fill an order for the Honolulu r steamer,to-diy.
Fancy • well colored Oranges are > now scarce
and firm. : . There is no change in. Lemons and
Limes.'"/ / ¦ " " •- . -';.' - • ¦ .'
• Apples .and /Pears remain, as' previously
quoted. -: Persimmons . are almost out.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra/ J5c
©SI 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordt
£ary: Lady Apples, 75c@$l 50. '
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@?2 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS — 50@65c ' per . box.
. CRANBERRIES — Coos Bay,- $2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges ; -75c@$l 25
f or rstandards, %V 25@1 50 for choice 'and 81,75
@2 25 for fancy; Seedlings, 50c(g$l; Tanger
ines, $1 25@1 -50: Japanese . Mandarins. 75c@
$1 ;- Lemons, 50c@$l - for common and $1 50@-»
for ' good to ; choice, and $2 50@3 - : f or f ancy •
Grape- ' Fruit. $1®2 50; Mexican '- Limes,- $4@
4 50; Bananas. $1 75(S2 75 »per, bunch for New
Orleans andk75c@?l>75 for Hawaiian; Pinean
ples. 53@4 per dozen. . ,
'Dried Fruits, Nuts and-Raisins.
! 0- It is expected that prices for seeded Raisins
¦will : ; soon be ,' restored, ; as a meeting of the
two '¦ bodies ' disputant • will ' be- held ; to-day ' for
that purpose.- Otherwise there is nothing new,
the : general i market ' for \ fruits \ being still firm'
with a good: demand. 1 . :'.-¦¦ " '
* FRUITS— Apricots,- 7@S%c f or : Royals' and 8
®13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%cT sun-dried, 4®1U C ;
Peaches. 5@7%c;.^Ptars, J 4%^8%c; Plums
pitted. 4@5%c; . unpltted.^l@2c; ¦ Nectarines, 6®
5%c for. red -and 5%@6%Ci for white; Figs, 4c
for black and 60@75c per box! for whit%.
; ."PKUNES-fl90l •¦ crop , are quoted l as follows:
New York Metal Market.
. NEW. YORK. Jan. S.— -The . United , Metal
Selling 'Company 'announced a ; further cut . in
copper prices, bringing Lake down
%c ¦ to 12V»c. electrolytic to" 12c, and casting to
ll%c.f This was not a surprise "to r the trade.
r A :, good ' business was : : reported - done - at the
lower ¦ level. '¦ • At " London - copper - declined £1
to £48 -for spot and £43 12s od for futures.
Tin In: London suffered a severe setback to
day and- at the close of ' business 'was £3 ? Bs
below the previous day's ' figures, v> spot being
quoted -'at'^ £102 10s . and ; futures atr£100'15s.
Here ; the market n was. weak . and lower, with
spot - quoted I at I $22 . 75@23 SO.'igSKGeSKfl^IliSpafi
. Lead . was unchanged - at . home ' and abroad,
closing at ? 4 and ; £10 3s.9d respectively." .
Speltertwas dull and unchanged' at .London
atv£16;12s , Cd, but values .here eaafd off. 5
points : to ' $4 30 . under "an ¦ absence of support." :--. '¦{
..Iron was quiet and unchanged." ¦'¦ Pigiron war
rants, ¦>' $14 G0@15 60 ; No. » 1 Northern i foundry.
$15 60@lCr»: No. ; 2 - foundry; >>¦ Northern.- $15®>
15 50; :No.'-l-- foundry.;' Southern. '-$15 50@16;
No.- lfoundry. 1 Southern,': soft; .$15@15 .76. r : :' •
Glasgow, iron .'warrants closed at 48s lOd and
Middlesboro at 43s 3d.'.-.- . ¦ ' /,
Wheat and; Other Grains.
CALL" BOARD SALES
WHEAT— The. r markets: East and abroad
showed little change.' Chicago was firm enough,
but inactive, and the general opinion ,waa that
the decline at Liverpool was manipulated from
this side. '' Reports from- the . Argentine were
encouraging, *and predicted "heavy -'crops: of
wheat* and corn : if ;. no adverse | conditions '.were
encountered from now : on.' There " waa'exten
sive realizing - at ', Chicago at , 83o and : above,
which ¦ caused a', reaction. ', :The : shorts "covered
and the Southwest bought on the weak? spots.
; - This market ' was : steady, and not materially
Spot ."Wheat—Shipping. $1 05@l 06%; mlll
,lng.$l 07%@l 08% per ctl. . -. . .-.: : .
Informal Session— 9 :15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls," $1 09%; 2000, $1 09%. " •c^gfeteSNtBW
Second- Session— No sales. -..* . '1 -. . ¦ ¦ . ¦
' Regular Morning •, Session— May — 2000 ; ctls.'
?1 09%: 2000.- $1 09%; 4000, $109^.- • . .
¦-., Afternoon Session — No sales. : 'r .
BARLEY— Quotations showed = no further ad
vance," but the market was quoted steady.
• • Feed,'- 82%c < for 1 choice ' bright, 5 80@81 >4c | for
No. . 1 • and 77%@78%c for ; off grades ; - brewing
and shipping: grades, 65@S7%c;: Chevalier. SOc
@?1 per ctl. i&«QSBBfeQH£MdBHBhsJnSg!l|6B&aSi$l
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:i5 o'clock— May— 2000
ctlsr-82i4c.V-- ¦: ¦< • ¦• -..•: ... - • . ¦.
,. Second • Session — No sales. .-•: . . ¦-.
Regular IMornlns ; Session — No sales. '
Afternoon • Session — No. sales. -.- -- . ¦
' OATS— Continued ¦ very : fjrm at the . advance
rioted ; yesterday. .Buyers can , either ; pay . the
prices or leave ; the goods alone,', for sellers are
very- independent. "•:.•- - ¦- •'.;•••>' - ••- ¦ -_'¦-'¦-
Grays.- $1 20@l 27%; whites, $1 20@l 40; Sur
prisi. $1 40@l 42% : - black, - $1 10@l 20 • for feed
and \1 20@l 30 for seed;; red. ?1 25@1 35 per ctl
for . feed and • $1 32%@1 40 for seed. . •
CORN— Chicago ?; was -firm, ' ' but :' dull. \ This
market ' was \. quiet i and ."¦ showed .' no , further
change. ; Large • yellow, ". $1 35@1 42%; - small
round do, 91 35@1 40; white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
RYE— 77%@81tfc per.ctl.-. ¦< - v ." "
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted! at f 165 per cental.
FloiirandtMillstuffs.
Flour is firm at the advance noted yesterday
Other ; millstuff 8 ! remain ; as '-. bef ore. f .iTJBfWBBW
'5 FLOUR— California' Family ' Extras, :' $3 {J0@
3 75, \ usual , terms; . Bakers'.'; Extras, ' %Z 40©3 SO;
Weather Report.
(120th Meridlsa— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. S, 1902 — 5 p. m,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to*
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
¦ > • '"• - ' ' " : '--• ¦'.'< ¦ ¦
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — |4 84%
Sterling, Exchange, sight .— 4 87%
Sterling Cables ................ — .'¦ 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight. . ... — 02%
New York Exchange, telegrkph. — 05
Silver. -per ounce. . . . :: •- .".". — - . 66%
Mexican Dollars, ¦ nominal ..;... Hft © ; 45
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change there was a fair business, chiefly In
small lots. Gas and Eletftrto was firmer at
$40 50 and GSant Fowdef fen back to $81.
Oceanic was weak at $37 50@37.
, On the Oil Exchange Four was the active
stock, selling at 50@53c.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was still
firmer at $41040 75. while Oceanic was still
lower at ?35 50®35. There were sates of Maka-
Wf 11 Sugar at $26 50@27.
' 'Sales of mining stocks on regular calls or
the San Francisco Stock Exchange in 1901
were 1.821.1U5 shares, against 1,804.180 during:
1000. . . V.
Four Oil will pay a dividend of la on, the
15th lnst.
The Red Bank Oil assessment of 2c was
delinquent on the Exchange yesterday.
FRIDAT.' Jan. 3 — 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOITD EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS,
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. — 113 |4s qr c (new)139>.al40
Is quar reg- .lll*ill2i.V 13s quar coup.luS^ —
., . MISCELLANEOUS; BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s.lOSV41O!> Oceanic 5a.. — 103
Oal-st. 53 .. .110% — pmbus C 6s. 130^ —
O C Wat 5s. — — Pac G Im 4s. 9G 100"
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s. - 109^4
Fer&C H 6S.120 — Pk&OR6s..— 12I»
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Pwl-st K «5s.llS%120
H C&S 5'£s. — — EGR 5a.- — 87^4
Do .53 (I9ft'9»% HF & SJVSs.122 —
L Ang R53.118 119 Uierra Cal 6s. — —
LALghtGs.— — IS P of Ar 6a .
Do gtd 6s. — — (1000) ...A\0%inyi.
Do gtd 6s. 1O374 — I (1910) lllft —
LA & P 5s. VO — IBP of Cal 6s
Do lem Ss.101 . 10TJ (1003)Sr A. 108 — :
Mkt-st C 63.125 128 (l£H)O)Sr B.109%109^
Do lcm 5s. — 123 (1906) ... .HO^lllt;
N RCal 6s.. 100% — - (1912) ....120% —
Do-Og ....121% — S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s.lO*H103*4 cgntd5s.U0 • —
N Cal R 6s.ll2%liaV4 S. P BrCal6s.i:j6l4 —
Oak Gas 5s..ll3*i — S V Wat 6s. 112 —
Oak Trns.6s.124 121% Do " 43 ."...102% 103 u
Do 1st c53. — 110 Do 4s 3d mlfll 10tV t
Oak W k 5s. — ?tktn Gas 63.102 105%
- . WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 74 'Port Costa.. 63% 6«
Marin Co... 5S — Spring VaJ .. 86 .86^
GAS AND ELECTRIC,
•^entli A P. 2% 2-% »Pac Light... 45 —
Kqt G L'Co. -3 3T» i Sacramento . — 33
Mutual ..... — 5-%|S F G & E. 40% 41
O G L & H. 51 San Fran.... 5?4 53i
•Fac Ga3 Imp — 40 'Stktn G &. e S —
INSURANCE.
Firem' s Fnd.217 %260 /
Anglo-Cal .. 79%— |L PA A.... 162 169
California ..420 430 Mer Ex.<Jiq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.112 — S F Natlonl.325 tJP^W
First Natnl.". 325 350 '•
SAVINGS BANKS..
German ....1SS5 — ' Sav & Loan. — ¦ ' 00
Humboldt . . — 'Security Sav.305 350
-Mutual Sav. 'KB ..'— •¦ 1 Union -Trst. — 24T5
S^ SaV U..510 — '
Continued on Pasre Tnirte«r
¦*— ...•¦. : - ¦¦¦ .. >I '-
NEW YORK, Jan.'. 8. — Bradstreet's\.to-mor
row, will say: Satisfaction with ¦ the , old - and
renewed confidence in the "• new 'year "are the
dominant features in the new industrial, com
mercial and financial sltuatiori7 "' The week: has
naturally been quiet , to f the : verge . of ¦ dullness
as regards new business."" the main attention be
ing concentrated in gathering, up" the threads
of old business, '¦ in stock-taking and in prep
arations for the future." . '•¦.'¦ .; '
A conspicuous' exception to the" general quiet
ness is : found , In the. Iron . and ; steel 'situation,
which gains rather than loses activity. ' , Here,
however, the car shortage question cuts'a'dis
turblng figure, and' one whiclv inview'of ithe
advanced stage of -» the -season,' "•bids 'fair,; to
continue to unsettle both production and con
sumption considerably. ¦•¦- Supplies X)f • coke : at
the ovens are piling up,* but the ¦¦ blast Cumaces
are shutting down because : of tho^ necessary
link between '¦¦ the two, an abundance of 'cars
not being forthcoming. Southern pig iron 'has
advanced 60' cents per ton and - the Western
trade is - getting Its chief supplies from this
source. - At the East pig ' Iron ,¦ is also firmer.
Plentiful orders are offered, " but none ¦ are " ac
cepted for. delivery, before ' July 1. Mesaba
iron ore has been advanced In price. The only
appearance of ' weakness ; in ¦ finished ¦-. products
is in wire and nails, which" are* $2*per .ton
lower "• owing to i increased . competition . of - out
side makers. I Heavy railroad orders for Mexico
are ¦ reported * pending '.and;, international . com
petition promises. to be^keen In this respect. i --j.'
.'Prices show few changes on- the, week. -The
. cereals are on the whole higher, : due mainly
to the strength of wheat, ' which ¦ still supports
the coarser grains.'. Small deliveries and firm
cables, with some better . export ".buying early,
checked later by • the " advance, coupled - with
good buying by the country are.the strengthen
ing, features. Winter wheat crop 'reports are
in the • main favorable. Provisions < are i steady
except' lard, '. which* has : weakened slightly.;. .
Quietness - is . the ' t feature : in" leather . and
kindred trades, but an access rather : than the
loss In • strength • ol prices : Is looked • for. . Shoe
shipments . are^ smaller than, of late, but still
is in excess , of - a year ' ago: ' \ New prices for
rubber goods show ,an advance; of v&, percent
over ayear ago."/ .'-"". ."*'- -.-":... ',
Copper has been again cut, this, time to 12c
for lake, * and "tin Is also lower." while lead Ms
unchanged. Brass . has been ¦ lowered ¦ to meet
the decline in copper. ¦ ' ; V ; '. ; .
. Wheat,' Including -flour, exports, for the week
aggregate ¦.'¦ 4,816; 471 bushels, as : against 4,291;
543 bushels- last week and 3,414,301 bushels
in this week last year. " Wheat exports.. July 1
to "date. ¦ aggregate *• 149,746,561 ¦ bushels, :as
against 00,800,545 bushels" last '.week;' "^ ••-.- -•
7 Business failures in: the -United'. States for
the week number 270. -as against 219 last week
and 26(1 in this = week last . year,- 220 ', in ¦ 1900,
237 in 1899, 333 in 1898 and 488 in : 1897. ~ -
' For the week Canadian .failures ¦ number 25, ;
as against. 16 last week.' 24 . in 'this week a year
ago. 26 in 1SOO,;48 in 18O9.and 65, in 1808. ¦
London Market,
I.' NEW .TORK, "Jan.. 3*— -The' Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial -cablegram says: K.'---
The ; stock ;¦, market r to-day '} was i active I' and
firm.- ae a ".whole,'! with "• the i buoyancy: in'^ South
. African . shares absorbing : the bulk : of ; the ' in
terest.* ¦> The ' canard ' about the : assassination > of
Lord ,-MHner, " High ¦ Commissioner A- of : > T South
African had little s effect : on • the • market. . . Con
sols were strong,. advancing to 04%. : .:.
American , shares were . strongest around ; mid
day. ¦ From that time on • they * see-cawed ¦ and
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON,' Jan. * 3.'— Consols, 84%; silver,
28 l-16d; French •rentes, 100f42%c;, cargoes on
passage, quiet -and steady; cargoes >No. . 1
standard California, 80s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 3d ; English country ; markets, ¦ firm.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 3. — Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4^ad@6s Bd; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris,- quiet; weather, in
England, overcast. 3H33B
COTTON— Uplands, 4 17-32d. .
CLOSING.
' Jan. 3. — HOPS— Pacific . Coast,
steady. £3@£3 15s.
"' NEW YORK. JanI * 8.— FLOUR— -Receipts,
41,101 barrels; exports, 4591 barrels; "quiet, but
firmly held, with buyers 10@20cunder the mar-'
ket. s -'-;,7.v ; •' ¦ v-'v- ' • ' : ,'¦'¦' '
WHEAT — Receipts, 82,650 bushels; spot,
quiet;. No. 2 redf 82%c f. o. b. afloat; No.' 2
red -'87%c " elevator;" 1 No. 1 Northern ;Duluth,
S8}ic f. 0.. b".. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 85c f.
o.'b.: afloat. Options opened. barely steady, with
considerable short selling on' the lower cables.
Then they rapidly advanced: on" bullish winter_
wheat crop news. • light offerings,- a broad out
side speculative demand, ; good cash demand
West large clearances and coverings. In the
lasfhour wheat yielded to realizing and closed
dull * and - unchanged. , March . closed - at 88 % c ;
May. 87^@87 15-16c, closed at 87%c; July,
8ti%'5S7%c, closed at 87c. •, .-. • - ¦ :
HOPS — Quiet." .«•¦'¦ 'V " ¦'¦
HIDES— Steady.' - .-
WOOL-^Dull. ¦¦ :,' ./.-' "V-; • ¦- ¦
' CQFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; ; No. 7 invoice. 7c;
mild.- dull; Cordova, 7V6@Hc
SUGAR— Raw. dull; fair-refining. 3V4c; cen
trifugal.- 06- test,'. 3?4c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, - steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading was light In the" market for-evap
orated apples to-day. State, common to good,
6@8%c;-- prime, * 0@9%c; choice, 9%@10%c;
fancy, 10U @Hc. Calif ornia" dried fruits, quiet
and unchanged. Prunes, 3% ®7c. Apricots —
Royal . ' 10® 14c ; Moorpark, ¦ 0 Vi @13c • Peaches —
Peeled,/- 16@20c; unpeeled, .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY 3. j
Flour, qr sks... 60 Tallow, ctla ...¦ 2.*>8
Wheat, ctls ... 49,800 Pelts, bdls .... 84
Barley, ctls ... 040 Hides, No .,... 352
Corn, ctla 1,240 Lime, bbls .... 408
Potatoes, sks .. 1,407 Wine, gals .... 24,1<:9
Hay. tons 50O Quicksilver, flslc 418
Onions, - sks ... • 57iLeather, rolls... 38
Beans, sks .... 171 1
OREGON. .
Flour, qr sks... 6,4041 Onions, sks .... -896
Potatoes, sks... 1.750! Bran, sks 1.820
WASHINGTON. -j
Flour, ir sks... 9,488 '.Corn Meal. ska. "340
OREGON.
Northern- Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, . Jan. 3.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 63c; club. 02c • .
PORTLAND,., " Jan. 3.— Wheat firm and
higher. Walla Walla, 62%c; valley, 63c; blue
stem, 63%c- . i .
Cleared — Ship Tarpek. Queenstown, with
107,094 bushels of wheat. /
Poultry and Game.
.Dressed Turkeys continue dull and weak, as
there is no call for them. Only 7 - cases came
in > yesterday." Receipts of live Poultry con
tinue . light and young stock is cleaning ud
readily. P
-Ninety sacks of Game came in. Prices stood
as before. -¦ . ¦ • •
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c:
Live Turkeys. 12%@13%c for Gobblers and 13
@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75-
Goslings.. $1 75©2; Ducks, $4 50@S for old and
$6@7 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 60; young:
Roosters, $5®6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
$4@4 50; Broilers, $4@5 for large and $3@3 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 25®1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 75@2 for Squabs. 1
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare. $1®
1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for Brush; Mallard, $3@3 50; Canvasback,
$3@4; Sprig, . $1 75@2; Teal. - $1 25(31 80-
Widgeon. $1 25; Small Ducks, $1@1 25; Black
Jack. $1(31 25; English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe
$1 50; -Gray Geese, $3@3 50;- White Geese.
$1 50: i Brant, $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers, £3
@4 50. : . '
Butter jJCheese and Eggs.
' Eggs are lower. ; The Exchang'e reduced its
quotations to 32c. as the top for the best ranch,
and v 34c was about the best price realized
around on the street. . Stocks 1 are still light,
but »• receipts are : Increasing, and dealers are
making > concessions to sell, as they feel that
larger stocks . and a declining market are now
only% question of a few. days. - - — -
Cheese continues weak, with large stocks,
. Butter shows little change. Fancy cream
eries clean up without difficulty, but the lower
grades are rather slow. There Is not- a great
deal of Butter on s. the market, however.
Receipts were. 20, 600 pounds of Butter,'
pounds of Eastern Sutter, 473 cases of Eggs.
— — cases of Eastern Eggs, 34,500 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese. ; . .
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per lb for
fancy > and - 20@23c for seconds : dairy. 17%tfJ
22c: store Butter. 14@l"c per lb: Creamery
Tub, -¦ 20c ; P! ckled Roll. IS® 19c ; Keg. 16@lSc
per lb. ¦": . "
CHEESE — New,. ll#@12c; old, 10@llc;
Young America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
— Ranch, . 33@34c for selected large. 31
@32c for good to choice and 30c for fair;
store," 24@27%c ¦ per dozen; cold storage, 20®
25c; Eastern, 20@26c. : . .
Portland's Business.
Jan. 3.— Clearings, $490,802;
balances, $60,242.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Jan 3.— The .cotton market
opened" steady, with prices 1 to 3 points lower,
and closed barely steady at a • net decline of
11 to 1-i points.
New York' Coffee Market.
NEW. TORK,-: Jan. :8.— Coffee futures closed
quiet. B points lower. '- Total sales, 1 . 41,250 bags.
Including: January. $6 65; March, $6 80; May.
$6 45@7- June, $7 05; "July, $7. 15; September,
$7 35@7 40; November, $7 75.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of the
lumber trade: j
The Lumber Trt
"The last month of 1901 saw the ending of
one of the most prosperous years the lumber
manufacturers and dealers or this coast have
ever participated in. The sales all over the
West have been exceptionally heavy, . while
prices have .been forging ahead since the mid
dle of the year. All sections of the coast have
benefited by the improvement in the lumber
trade circlas and every class or dealer is feel
ing that, at last, there is some reason for him
to exist.
"The last six years have not been* over and
abave happy ones for either the manufacturer
or the merchant, as the current quotations have
been lower than they should have been and the
margin of normal profit was readily eaten up
by the prevailing high shipping rates. Mills
were in danger of being closed down all along
the coast and in the interior. This year, how
ever, saw all this • altered £nd conditions of
trade are greatly Improved.
"The redwood mills are overcrowded with
orders, and in many instances overtime pay
allowances are being made to the employes.
Eastern • and foreign demands are responsible
for this state of affairs and the tendency is
toward radical increase along all lines. The
almost total absence of dried redwood lumber
in this market and at the mills is responsible
for the turning down of many large and re
munerative orders from all sources, but the
feeling in all the companies, with the possible
exception of one -or two offices. Is that a gen
eral increase in their plant capacities will ad
vance the interests of the redwood companies
of the State. This is the right kind of feel
ing to encourage and it is to be hoped that
the coming season will find this work well
along .toward completion. The redwood men
are encouraged at the current aspect of trade
and the opening of 1902 finds them hard at
work in their endeavor to solve the problem of
keeping up with their Increasing range of or
ders.
"The sugar pine field Is rushing along now
CX far as orders are concerned. The mills are
ell closed during the winter season, but the
demands are corning in for thousands of feet
that cannot be filled during the entire season.
The Pine Association is proving a. great suc
cess and illustrates what can be done when
perfect understanding is reached among the
manufacturers in any line of trade activity.
Eastern buyers have been rushing about this
city endeavoring to have their contracts
signed, but have been generally met with
answers that such heavy orders cannot be pos
pibly met at this season. The result is that
Inquiries are coming in for pine timber lands,
but St is found that there are few if any acres
of this valuable land in the market.
"The retailers are all rushed with orders
for the building " trade of this city and its
vicinity is crowded with contractors' orders.
Realty reports show that over 3500 buildings
are in course of erection in San Francisco,
v.hile L06 Angeles and the other secondary
coast cities are encountering the same issue
All in all the close of 1001 finds the lumber
manufacturers crowded with orders and the
prevailing prices about the best that can be
expected for some time to come, even though
the receipts of lumber from the Pacific North
west were over 30,000,000 feet and the redwood
deliveries practically doubled over the record
of last month."
New York Stock Market
NEW TORK. Jan. ;3. — The preliminary - fig
ures of the weekly cash movement furnished
by the banks themselves gave; assurance that
the return flow of currency from the channels
of " domestic trade has set In In" force.' .There
-was a quick response in the. money market,
where enormous offerings of funds carried the
rate down to tf per. cent Standing : loans were
already marked down to that rate at ' the re
quest of the borrowers. ¦ This Is exactly ' th«
development that the recent rise In stocks was
intended to anticipate; yet' the stock market
yielded to-day to overwhelming offerings to
realize profits and ended at a level substan
tially below, that of last night. There were
points of strength during the day, - and the
speculative liquidation was kept well In hand
with the assistance of the strong spots in the
market, which were in part due to manipu
lation. There was a palpable shifting of spec
ulative accounts from Reading into United
States Steel, but there were evidences of sim
ilar transfers at other points in the market.
Early in tbe day the strong points predom
inated over the weak ones, but the profit
taking became general as the day progressed.
The transactions in United States Steel were
on an enormous ' scale and the stock held its
advantage. Local traction stocks showed
strength, led by Brooklyn Rapid Transit, which
Is one of the few stocks on the list which
started this year at a price far lower than It
did last. There was strength also in a.num
ber of central traffic "and Southwestern rail
roads. The .Wabash stocks were conspicuous,
and the Toledo, - St. Louie and Westerns were
unusually active on rumors of absorption by
the Vandertoilt interests. On the other hand,
all the recently prominent speculative •' favor
ites were under acute pressure. - These in
cluded the coalers, especially Reading, the
grangers and - Pacifies. : An advance of 3% in
Great Northern preferred and bidding up ' of
Northern, Securities Company on nominal tran
sactions in the outside market failed to deter
speculators from selling the Pacifies. There
was nothing in the day's news of sufficient im
portance on the side of depression to acocunt
for the reaction and- it was attributed purely
to realizing of speculative profits. This devel
opment rather - discredited the • recent theory
that the latest strength of the market was
due to support by great capitalists and bank
ing interests with a view to , prosecution of
future projects and seemed to put the profes
sional stamp ' on the . recent '.bull , movement
The easing of the money rate was accompanied
by sales of foreign exchange and the simul
taneous relapse of Sterling exchange in Paris
narrows the margin toward the point of profit
in gold . exports. A further cut in - the price
of copper was a slightly disturbing factor and
the report of requests for extension " of ac
commodation by a large promotion syndicate in
Ohio received some consideration. The . mar
ket closed active and easy at about the lowest.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS^ — Calcutta Grain Bags. .7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32335c; Fleece Twine. 7:%@8c. .
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $8 60; Cooa
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50: co-operative Walls
end. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15:
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions. S3 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, ac
cording to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
67c: raw. 65c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 58c for
boiled and 56c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c;. cases, 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c r
Whale Oil.' natural white. 40®50c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c; cases,:42%c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63%e .for Ceylon and 5S%c for
Australian. (
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c- Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In,
cases 21Vzc: Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20%c; SB-degree Gasoline, In bulk,* 20c; la
cases, 26% c.
TURPENTINE— 5S%c per gallon in cases
and 52c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany qflotes. per lb. in 10O-lb bags: .
Cub«s, • Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c;
Dry Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80c:
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated, (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken fop less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c: boxes, 5.55c per lb.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. .-..3.— CATTLE — Receipts,
8000. Steady , at late advance. ; Good to prime,
nominal, $6 50@7 50; 'poor, 1 , to" medium. $4®
6 50; stockers'.and feeders, ,$4@4 : 25;^ cows,
$2 25@4 75;vheifers,"$3@5 25;.canners, $1 25®
2 30; bulls, $2 25@4 15 ;. calves/ $3@3 75; Texas
fed steers. :$3@4 90." ' '> ¦ •:. - '• ¦ .
HOGS — Receipts ; to-day, 38,000. Closed
strong.. Mixed and butchers, $5 80@6 35; good
to -choice heavy. $6 40@6 85; rough heavy,
$0 10@6 35; light,, $6@6 35; bulk of sales, $6 10
@6 45. • .:.¦- -:
SHEEP— Receipt*, 11,000. ¦ Sheep weaker,
lambs 5c -higher. Good .to ¦_ choice wethers,
$4 25@5; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 25;
Western sheep, $4 25@4 65; native lambs, $3 50
@6 25; Western lambs, $5@5 90.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 3. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1000; market, weak to 10c lower; na
tives.^ $3' 60@7 25; cows and heifers. $1 50®
5 25- veals, $2 50@5 75;- stockers and feeders,-
S2 25@4 35. ! " ;
HOGS — Receipts. 8200; market, steady; . light
and light mixed, $5 90@6 45; medium and
heavy; $6'30@<$ 70;. pigs, $3 75@4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800; market, steady; top
lambs, $6; top yearling wethers. $4 '75; top
ewes. $4. •: - •• . ' ¦ , .
San Francisco Meat Market.
With the exception of a slight decline In
Beef there are no changes In quotations. Sup
plies of Hogs are sufficient for all current
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: -„,_-
BEEF — 7%@So for Steers and 6%®7c per
VlSvL— Large, 7@8%c: small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8®8%c; Ewes, 7%SSo
per lb.
LAMB — 9<39%e p«r lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, ec;
under 150 lbs. 6%@5%c; sows 20 per cent off:
boars 30 per cent off, and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7©8%c.
Silver in ipoi.
Prices for silver in New Tork ranged as
follows during 1901:
Highest. Lowest
January «4e OOHc
Februarv «1% 60%
March ."... <Sli,i 59%.
April 60% 58%
May CO 59%
June «0 59%
Ju!y B9% 53^
August 5S% T.5%
September SS% 5S%
October 58^ 57%
November 57% 54%
December 55% 54
The extremes in the London market compare
as follows:
Highest. Lowest.
January 29 9-16d 27 12-16d.
February 28 8-l«id 27 14-16d
March '... 28 3-lt5d 27 14-lCd
April 27 14-lCd 27 5-16d
May : 27 10-10d 26 5-16d
June - 27-9-I6d 26 4-16d
July 27 4-16d 26 13-16d
August 27 l-16d 26 13-16d
September 27 Od 26 15-16d
October 27 14-16d 26 6-16d
November 26 7-16d 25 10-16d
December 25 12-16d 24 15-164
In l»00 the extremes In the London market
were 20-^d to 29%d for December and 30%d
to 'Sli for the whole year.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— v March. May.
Opening 6 3% f f%
Closing r: 6 3% * ; 6 3%
>-*>¦». ;.. paris. >;- (
Wheat— •' : :Jan. :i Mar-June.
Oneninsr 21 80 22 75
ctt^.::::::.... v ......2i8o 2275
Flour—- ' * ¦ * ''-*•-'
OneninK ...... :."..........~27 55 '.' 28 65
fflng 8 .:..:".....:...-...:. 27 55 ; 28 60 -
*Bank Promotion.
A. L Black, who hag been connected with
the London and San Francisco Bank in the
various departments for twenty-seven years,
was appointed cashier on the let Inst.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Potatoes are very firmly held, and the gen
eral market continues In good shape. Receipts
from Oregon are light. Five cars of Salinas
Burbanks came in late Thursday, and one from
Oregon yesterday. '
Onions stand about the same.
There are two or three cars of Sweets on the
track which are unsalable, being frost-bitten,
and they will probably be dumped. There are
now no good Sweets on the market -In first
hands. -. - ',
Peas and Beans have been accumulating since
the - holidays, and as the dally receipts are
heavy' and there la a good deal of frost-bitten
stock offering, the market is weak. *
The following new rule3 of the Produce Deal
ers' Protective Association, relative to sales of
Potatoes and Onions, have just gone into effect.
Heavy penalties will be Imposed for- violation
of these rules: .
. Rule 1.. No member of this association shall
sell any potatoes or onions from any wharf,
boat, car or railroad station In the city and
county of San Francisco to any one who Is not
a member thereof, excepting for reshipment
outside of the cits and county of San Fran
cisco. ..i ... : . ';..-.
Rule 2. No member of this association shall
buy any potatoes or onions located In the city
and county of San Francisco from any one who
is not a member thereof.
• Rule 3. No member of this association shall
sell or Issue an order for less than fifty sacks
or boxes : of potatoes, or . twenty-five sacks of
onions, .on any wharf, bulkhead, boat, or from
any car or railroad station .In " the ¦ city and
county of San Francisco, provided that when
the manifest quantity is less than the above
amount, the entire lot shall be sold and charged
to one party, and one order Issued for same. ¦
¦ Rule 4. No member of this association shall
haul or cause to be hauled less than fifty sacks
or boxes of potatoes, or twenty-five sacks of
onions from any wharf, boat, railroad depot or
car in the city, and county. of San Francisco,
unless upon an order for a smaller amount, ex
cepting upon written permission of at - least
two members. of the executive committee.
: • Rule 5. No member of . this association, or
their : employes, shall sell or attempt to sell,
potatoes or onions 1 on . any wharf, bulkhead,
boat or from any car or railroad station In this
city before 7 . a. m.
POTATOES— S5c@$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river; < Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60- Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25©1 50: River Reds, $150®
160; Early Rose, for. seed, $1 15@1,25; Sweets,
25ffi90c for. Merced. '-¦•*,. . .'
ONIpNS*-«l 65@1 88 per. ctl; Oregons, $1 50
@1 90. iV. ii'!| : • .
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. S@5c; String Beans from ' Los . Angeles,
5@8c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1@1 25 per box and $1 25®1 75 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9@12%c per lb; Los An
geles do. 15@17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@15c per
lb; Carrots. 35<@50c per sack; Cucumbers. 25®
75c; hothouse do, 75c@$l-5O per dozen; Garlic
lV4@2Mc; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 5@7c -
Egg Plant from Los Anseles. 10@15c
Summer Squash,- from Los Angeles, $125©
1 50; Marrowfat : Squash. ' $5@8 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $5@S; Mushrooms, nominal.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly "along the
Washington coast, and a storm of some Inten
sity appears to be developing over Vancouver
Island. This disturbance will probably move
rapidly southward and nay. cau^e rain as far
south as San Francisco by Satuprday night and
possibly in .. Southern-, California _by- Sunday
night. Southeast storm warnings are . dis
played along the coast from Point ' Reyes , to
Eureka. '•?* 'fiflA ¦ ~.'.:,r' .--" ' - • ¦ -
Very warm weather . prevails • in [ Southern
California. At Los Angeles a maximum tem
perature of 86 degrees Is reported and. at San
Diego SO deerces. . ..-¦¦¦¦ ,
i-'orceast made at San" Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight,- January 4,' 1902: • • :
•^-Northern California — Cloudy, 7 unsettled
weather Saturday, , probably rain ; fresh south
east winds; high off shore. ~
Southern California— Increasing cloudiness
Saturday and Sunday, with conditions favor
able for rain Sunday night; light northerly
winds changing to southeasterly. . '
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday;-- light northerly
winds changing. to southerly.. . -
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, with conditions favorable
for rain by night; light northerly changing to
brisk southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
'¦¦?¦: "-¦- : Forecast Official.
WJs Cent prefd'. .. 200 42 . 41% 41% <
Express Companies— ¦
Adams 195 :
American ..... 400 212 212 210 ',
United States ..... 400 98 '4 98 -98
Wells Fargo ; ...... : ..' .."-.. " 185 •" .
'Miscellaneous — ' • " .
Amal Copper :....' 57,800 71% 69% 69%
Amer Car & Found . 3,500 31 30% 30%
AC & F prefd.... 1,300 87% 87 87%
Amer Linseed Oil.. ..... .. .. 15
Am Lin Oil prefd.. " ..- .... 44;
Amer Smelt & Ref 3,000 30 35% 35%
Am S.& R prefd.. s 200 . 97 96% 96%
AnacondarM Co.. .-1.000 30 T 6'30Vi 30%
Brooklyn R T. . . . . 60,800 . 68% 65% 67%
Colo Fuel & Iron." 1.S00 88% 88 87
Consolidated u Gas . » 000 220 218%
Con -Tob prefd....' 200 116 ' 115% .115%
General Electrio .. 700" . 292% . 282 -.281
-Glucose Sugar .... 200 39% 39% 39
Hocking Coal ..... 100 16% 16% 16
Internat Paper ... 200 21% 21 20%
: In. Paper prefd.'... 300 76% 76% 70%
Laclede Gas ...... ...... .. ¦". . ¦ •- . 90
National Biscuit .., 300 44% 44% 44%
National ; Lead ..;.. . .. .."n 16%
National Salt ..... ........ .. ¦ 32
Nat Salt prefd.. ....:..... .. 61
North , American. .... 100 93% 93% 92
Pacific Coast 200- 73%.. 73%^ 73
Paciflo Mall ......' 2,100 47% 46% 47%
People's Gas . . . i . . 12,500 . 105% ¦ 104% 104%
Pressed "Steel Car. . 2,200 42% 41% 41%
Press Steel C prefd 200 86. . 85% 85%
Pullman , Palace . Cr .. .. 217-
Republic Steel .... 1,700 16% .16 16
Rep. Steel -prefd... . 700 .69 68% 68%
Sugars ............./ 7,300 118% 117% 117%
Tenn Coal & Iron/ 8,400 -,67% '65% "'65%
Union B & P Co :.. .. 14%
Union B & P -prefd . ... . . „ 73 -
U S Leather 2,200 12% 12 .12
US Leather prefd. 2,200 82% 81% bl%
U S Rubber ... ... ... 14%
U S Rubber prefd • . . . . . . B0
U S SteeT .........107,400 45% 44% • 44%
U S Steel prefd... 89,300 95% 94%"--. 94%
Western Union ... 1,500 93 92% . 92%
Amer Locomotive.. 1,300 82% 32 32%
Amer Loco prefd. 1,300 89% 89 . ;-._ 89%
Shares Sold ...1.027,100 ,'/•
NEW.YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO8% L & N Uni 4s.;\ .101
Do 2s coup..... 108% Mex Central 4s... 82%
: Do 3s reg......lO7% /Do 1st Inc.. ...32%
Do 3s coup 10S% Minn &. St L 4s.. 103
.Donew 4s reg.139% M K & T4s. ...".. 1)8
, Do new 4s coup.139% I Do 2ds. ...... . . 83%
Do old 4s reg...lll% NY Central lsts.102%
Do ; old'4s coup. 111% Do gen 3%s. ...10S
" Do 5s reg......lO7% N J Cent gen 5s.-.132
Do 5s coup 107% NorthernPac 4s..l04%
Atchison gen 4s. .103% Do 3s.......... 73%
Do adj 4s .. 95 N & W con 4s. '..'.102%
B & O 4s 103% Reading Gen 4s.. 98%
Do 3%s. ....... 95% S L & I M con 5s.H7
Do conv 4s... -..106% S:L & S F 4s.t.. 37%
Canada Sou" 2ds. 1109% S L SW lsts. ...r97>
Cent of Ga 5s. ...106% ''Do 2ds. ........ 7S
Do -1st Ino 77% S A & A Pass 4s. b~%
Ches &.O 4%s...lO0% Sou Pac 4s Wi%
Chlo & A 3%s... 84% Sou Ry 5s........ 121%
C B & Q new 4s.. 96% Tex & Pac lsts..H9%
C M&S P gen 4s. 112% Tol S Jf& W 4s.. 83%
C & N con 7s.... 140' Union *>ac 4s... ..105
C-R'I & P 4s.... 105 Do conv 4s....'. 106%
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts ....119
Chic Term 4s:... 87 Do 2ds. . . ;<.: ..114%
Colo & Sou 4s.... 91 Do Deb-B...... 67%
D & R G 4s.... . .101 West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior. lien 4s. 90% W & LE 4s 92%
Do Gen 4s. .90 Wig Cent Bs-;.... 89
F W & D C lsts.. 108% Con Tob 4s....".. 66%
Hock Val,4%s... 107% " ,' ; " _x"
¦ NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. /
Adams Con ...... 20 Little Chief....... 12
Alice .*.. 45 Ontario .*.. ........8 50
Breece 75 Ophlr ....i. 85
Brunswick Con. ... 15 Phoenix ...:05
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl ............ 09
Con Cal & Va....l 60 Savage ........... 04>
Deadwocd Terra. . 50 Sierra Nevada. . .'. , 20
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver ....... -60 Standard .........3 70
Leadville Con .... 05' \
-.'- BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' ' '¦ " I U S Steel ........ 44%
Call loans 6@6 Do pfd.... 94
Time loans ....... 5@6 Mining — .
Bonds — : " " Adventure . .". . . . . - 19
Atchison 4s .....102 Allouez .. ... 3"
Gas lsts 82 Amalgamated ;... 69%
Mex Central 4s...- 81% Baltic ..:........ 37
N E G & Coke. . . 55 Blngham ....:... 23%
Railroads — • Calumet & Hecla.600
Atchison : '80% Centennial. 13
Do pfd '. 102% Copper .Range . . ; . " 56%
Boston & Albany. 262% Franklin. .:.13 .
Boston & Maine. ;191 U Isle. Royale..... . 21
Boston Elev 166 Mohawk 29%
N "? N H & H..211- Old Dom 23%
Fitchburg pfd. .: .144 Osceola 81%
Union. Pac ..102% Parrot. 29
Mex Central ;."... 27% Qulncyl... ...135 "
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Am Sugar ..'. 117% Tamarack 260
Am Tel & Tel.... 162 Trimountain .... 32
Dom I & S 29 Trinity 14%,
Gen Elec . . . : . . . .281 ' United" States ... 14%
Mass Elec .36 Utah'..'-. ..22%
Do pfd 94 Victoria 5
NEG&Coke... 4% Wlnona 1%
United Fruit .... 88% Wolverine ....... 50%
LONDON' CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money... 94%| NY Central ....172%
Do for acct."... 94% Norfolk & West. .,60%
Anaconda • • 6% Do pfd. ........ 93%
Atchison ........ 83% North Pac ¦ pfd.. .102.
. Do pfd 105% Ontario & West.. 36%
B & O .....110% Pennsylvania .... 77%
Canadian Pac ...118% Reading ......... '29%
Chea & Ohio.... .49% Do 1st pfd..... 42%
Chic G West. -.'..'. 25 Do 2d pfd .33%
Chic M'& St P...172% Sou Railway .... 35%
D & R G. ...... .i 47% Do pfd ..... 96%
Do pfd....:.. ..96 Sou Pacific .".... .63%
Erie ...;;........ 45% Union Pac ......106%
'• Do 1st pfd..... 77- Do pfd 93'A
Do 2d pfd... 64 U S Steel... 45%
• Ill Central .144% Do pfd..; 97 »4
, Louis &. Nash.... 110% Wabash ....... ..^Vi
! M K & T. :...... 27% Do pfd.......:. 41%
Do pfd...'..:... 51i*i Spanish 4s 77%
¦ Bar sliver, firm, 26 l-16d per. ounce. .V
¦ Money, 2@2% per cent. v
' The mte of discount in the open market for
1 short bills is 3% per cent. ¦
The rate of discount In the open market for
: 3 months' bills Is 3% ' per cent. <
" On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 15@24%c.
Dairies, 14@20c. Cheese, ,9?i@10%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, . 24@25c. J : .. . >: :'_ , " ¦•;
Bank Commissioners' Call.
The Bank Commissioners request statements
cf condition of all banks at the close of last
year or the morning of January 1.
, t . . . >
Walla Walla.. 30. 22 60 38 S . Cloudy .02
Wlnnemucca .30.48 54 24 N Clear- » .00
Yuma ........30.08 80 52 N Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50 degreeB.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy «alted
Steers, lie; medium, ice; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides." 9%c for heavy and'»@3%c for light;
SUn. 7c; Salted KiD. 9%c: Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted'Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; CuUs, 14c;
Dry KiD, 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool. 40®60c each: medium. 6038oc; long
Wool. 80c@31 10 each: Horse Hide*, salt. $2 oO
@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, *1 i5
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large. $1 23®1 50 for medium. $1 .25
for small and 50c for Colts.. Deerskin*—Sum
mer or red skin3. 35c: fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Ansroraa. 75c; large and smooth. 00c;
n> TALL'0W— No. I rendered. 5%@6o rer lb:
No. 2. 4%®5c; ffrease. 3c.
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. 6@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%@8^c; Middle County, 8@10c
psr pound." _ _ .^
HOPS— 9@10c for f air . and ll@12c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15o
for shisment.
Articles — Receipts. ' Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......"...... 32.000 ; 45.000
Wheat, bUBhels ........... 78.000 : S8.000
Com, bushels.... 185,000-, . 124,000
Oats, bushels- .,.."...191,000 184,000
Rye, bushels. .............10,000. 10,000
Barley, bushels . . . ... . . . . . 62.000 9,000
Beans and Seeds.
There la nothing new In this market. Trade
continued dull. :* " ' ..-
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30®2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 80@3; Pea. $3 30
@4; Pink, $1 80@2 10; Red, $2 5003; Blackeye.
$3 50@3 60;.Limas, $4 25@4 60; Red Kidneys.
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. - - .. ¦;.'¦¦ -«--¦
SEEDS—Trieste -Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Canary,
S^eSHc'for Eastern; ¦ Alfalfa, from Utah.
8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp,- 3%c per lb.
-DRIED -PEAS — Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl. , •
Cash quotation*- were as follows: .____,,,
Flour, steady; No. S spring wheat, 76@i3%c;
No.,2 red, 85%@87%e; No. 2 oats,; 48%@4694c;
No. 2 white, 49c; No. 8 white,: 48049c; No. 2
rye, 66%c; Fairto choice malting barley, 59®
62c ; No? 1 flax : seed, $1 58 ; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 62; prime timotHy • seed, -$6 55; -mess
pork, per barrel. $10 90@17; lard,- per 100
pounds." $9 92%@9 95: short ribs sides (loose),
$8 60@8 62; dry salted shoulders (boxed)," 'i%©
7%c; . short clear sides (boxed), •% $8 90^9;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 33; clover, con
tract grade, $9 75. , '..'Yi-ifrC
. NEW YORK. "Jan. 8— The = following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at'all the principal cities "for the week
ended January 2, with • the ; percentage of In
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year:-, r; . .— "!,.;.
-.' : - ' , : Percentage.
• Cities-^- . . ,. . " Clearances. Inc. Dec.
New Yonc $1,377,072,540 .... 13.2
Chicago ........... 149,732,616 ¦-'- 0.4 .'.7 .
Boston ...1..;..... 136,693,253 .... 13.7
Philadelphia • 02,679,020 .... 7.9
St. Louis 43.222,443 ..... 6.5
Pittsburg 37,595,918 6.T ....
Baltimore ......... 19,016,972 12.5 ....
San Francisco ..... 20,895,109 .... 8.8
Cincinnati ...;..... 18,232,400 .... 4.1
Kansas City ¦ 16,809,162 1.6 ....
Minneapolis ....... 14,381,240 SO. A .....
Cleveland , 12,890,497 , 5.0 ....
New Orleans ...... 14.340,441 . 28.1 .....
Detroit...... 10,514,274 15.6 ....
Louisville ....%....* 8,091,944 > .... 8.0
Indianapolis: : 9,170,268 5 49.5 ....
Providence ........ 6,584,700 10.9 ....
Omaha 6,774,641 .... .1.8
Milwaukee ........ 6,210,897 7.4 ....
Buffalo 5,310,321 .... 15.6
St. Paul .......... 6.657.034" .29.5 ...'•
Savannah" 2,741,731 .... 25.2
Denver 3,744,143 .... 6.4
i St. Joseph ...;..... 4,039,235/ 20.8 ....
Richmond .....'.... 2,566,956 .... 19.5
Memphis ;.•........ 2,612,356 .... 12.1
Seattle ........ 2,497,651 -39.9- ....
Washington,.. , ,2,452,600 1.3 ....
Hartford .......... '2,723,469. .... 16.2
Los Angeles :...... 3,057,245 - 41.1 ¦¦".....
Salt Lake City..... . 3,115,274 '5.4
Toledo ...:..-..-...... '3,267,024 78.3 ....
Portland, • Or. 2,448,438 17.3
Rochester ......... - 2,501,300 .... 27.3
Peoria 2,381,678 12.2 ....
Fort Worth '....... 2,749,751 13.4 ....
Atlanta . . .... ... . . . 2,163,780 • .'. . . . . . .'.
Norfolk .....:..¦...> 1,311,648. 21.3 -¦;'.'..
Des Moines ." 1,537.346 .......2.4
New Haven \ ;....." I 1,587,087 . : .". ....
Springfield, Mass.... - : 2,054,682 2511 ....
Augusta ........... 2,345,636 64.3 ....
Nashville .......... .1,686,807 .;... '3.8
Worcester ......... > 1,511,804 ..:.. 1.4-
Grand Rapids ". ...."• 1,354,772 6.1 -
Sioux City ........ 1,292,410 36.0 ....
Dayton.- O ........ 1,238,795 4.7 .:..
Syracuse ...... 1,277,659 .... 8.3
Scranton ........... 1,450,003 ..... ....
Portland, Me. ..... 1.616',543 21.0 ....
Spokane............ 2,131,161 ¦ .... 6.1;
Tacoma . ....*.:.... 906.380 ;.:. .11.3
Evansvllle ... .. 837,823 * 1.3 ....
Wilmington, \ Del. .". 1,304,917 31 . 1 ¦..:..
Davenport ......... ' 989,561- .... 5.1,
Fall River 1,380,679. 36. T ....
Birmingham..'...... •: 1,175,288 16.2 ....
Topeka 1.173,574 27.4 ....
Macon .:...: 602,000 11.6
Little Rock 910.310 / 36.2 ....
Helena ".....' 548,350 ",.:.. 15.8
Knoxvllle .......... 591,602 .... 12.7
Lowell ...........:" 578,636 .... ....
Wichita ....... 556,331 ...."
Akron ............. 598,000" 83.4 .;..
New Bedford 494.400. 9.2
Lexington- ......... 436,62:4 15.4
Springfield, 111 475,801 .... ..:.
Binghamton ....... 366,100 .... 8.9
Chattanooga ......; - '* 548,466 , , , 85 . 1 ....
Kalamazoo 494,540 .27.9 ....
Fargo .406,709 .... ....
Youngstown '663,217 104.0 ....
Eprlngfield, .O.:.... . 364,730- 15.1 ....
Rockford .... .. . 322,810 31.4 ....
Canton '..;.'.. 334.600 _ 23.7 -....
Jacksonville 318,857 34.7' ....
Sioux Falls ........ 250,576. 54.3 ;
Fremont ........... 176.234 60.0 ....
Bloomington, 111.... ,285,923 .16.3 ....
Jacksonville, 111.... / 162,935 • .... .2.4
•Columbus, O........ - 6,647,400 .....; ....
•Galveston *-' 7,339,000 .... ,7.9
•Houston .- 11,441.672 163.3 v
••Colorado Springs.. 805.817 .42.2 •..•¦
••Wheeling, W, Va. 632,160 .... ....
"Chester..;..:...".. ¦ 299,194 ....
??Wilkesbarre ...... ~ 888,740 .... ...:
Albany, N.Y..."... 1,031.388 ;.".. ...."
Beaumont ; 266,517 .... . ... i
Totals U. S.... .$2,093,613,162 .... 9.4
Outside NY....; .716, eOO,621 .... 0.8
„ CANADA.,..
Montreal $15,254,545 6.5 ....
Toronto 12.346,705 . 16.1 . . . . .
Winnipeg... 3,735,923 • 47.6 ....
Halifax " 1,629.084 .... 1.8
Vancouver, B.C. : 952,701" 144.0
Hamilton .:........ 778,038 .-<...-. 12.6
St John, N. B 743,815 82.4 ;
Victoria. B.C.... . 737,831 .... 22.1
••Quebec 1,116,970 ....
Total?, Canada. ... 35,814,893 )\ 8.6 ..
, »Not Included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings. "Not . Included in
totals because of no : comparison ¦ for last Mar.
Condition ofc the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, , Jan. 3.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of ¦ the . $150,000,000 ' «?old re
serve, in the; division of redemption, "shows:
Available -cash balances, $171,725,076; gold.
Silver higher. Exchange about the same.
Lumber trade reported in good condition.
Oats continue very strong. Corn and Rye steady.
Beans and Seeds still inactive. . ..; :
Hay rising under moderate stocks and dry weather.
Flour, Bran and Middlings very firm.
Potatoes end Onions well held.
Eggs lower. Butter andXhcese unchanged.
A few Eastern Cranberries still on the market:
Prices for seeded Raisins may be restored to-day. : r ' -iBl
Dried Fruits continue firm arid in demand. :
Local houses cutting Provisions again. \; ;'
Beef a fraction o ff. Otherwise Meats stand the same.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Five cars of Oranges auctioned.
More 'business in local stocks and bonds.
Articles—Open. High Low _ Close
Wheat No. 2— '¦'. ¦¦¦'¦¦;: ::• , _..
January ........ -78%. 78% . i«v&
May......... 82%' 83.% §2% 82%
July .:.....'. 82% . 82% . 82 82%
Corn No. 2— f ¦¦ _ > „,.,
January • ¦ • • . ¦ .'. . . . - ¦ « • • • "** /8
May ........ 00%:. ; 67V4 V «<5% 68%
July ......... 66 '66^.-65% C6%
Oats No. 2 -.- • • ; • „
May ...... .-. .46% 46% 46 -. 46J4
July ..."..... 40 40^-39% S0%
faeptemter ... 33% . 33%.- 33% : S3%
Mess Pork, per barrel— •¦ , - ¦ ,;lv,
January:.... 16 90 16 90 16 87% 1« §«%
May ...'.:... 17 30 17 37% 17 20 17 27%
Lard, per 100 pounds — '•• ¦¦ „ -„,,
January ....10 00 10 02% 9 87% 9 92%
May . . . . : f . . 10 00 10 05 9 90 • .- .^9 P5
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—: ; - "-
January *....> :....*.., .... " .... ; ,5»&%
May .....:.. 8 82% 8 85 \ r 8 75 ."-. 8 80
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Hay and Feedstuff s:
The fizzling out of the rain has left the
Hay market very firm, and' local .dealers re
port sales quick. at full figures. Holders are
very confident of a strong market as long as
the dry weather lasts, and refuse to make any
concessions. They say that the market is $2
per ton lower than at this time last year," with
lighter stocks, and the smallest rainfall in
December since 1878. In addition - there are
large shipments to interior points, such aa Ne
vada and northern mining: districts. , and the
South is expected to enter the market as a
buyer soon. Under these circumstances the
tendency of the market is decidedly upward.
Sales at $12 50 are reported, and all fine wheat
Hay is quickly taken up at 512. -
Bran. Middlings and Rolled Barley rule very
BRAN--$17 50@18 50 per ton. "
MIDDLINGS — *19@20 50 per ton. -^ '
. FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27©28; Job
bing, $28 50@29: -Cocoanut Cake, $20^:21: Corn
Meal,' $31@3150; Cracked Corn. $3150032;
Mixed Feed. $16@17.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50: fancy. $12@12 50;
Wheat -and Oat, $9@11 50: Oat. $7 50@10 50;
Barley and Oat. $7 50®9 50; Alfalfa. $8@10;
Clover, $6 50®7 50; , Volunteer. $6®8 50; Stock,
$5 60@7 50 per ton. ' :
STRAW— 30@47>%e per bale.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— Money on ' call was
firm at 5@7. per cent,' closed jbld and asked 5@
6 per. cent. Prime mercantile .paper, 6@5%
per cent.. Sterling exchange was firm, with
actual business - in bankers' bills at" $4 86%@
4 87 for demand and at $4' 83% @4 84 for. slxty
days. / Posted rates, $4 84% and" $4 87%. Com
mercial, bills, $4 83@4 83%. Bar silver, < 56 %c.
Mexican - dollars.- 46%c. .. Bonds — Governments;
steady; railroads.- Irregular; States.- inactive. ,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
finally closed. aHthe' lowest," "save for. United
States Steel. There • is talk that Canadian Pa
cine.— which "-New 'York largely- bought,*, will
increase • dividends later ; and - give ( some - stock
rights. ; No i gold is v going : out. " but ; the Con
tinental demand is reviving.': The spurt in silj
ver, due to " short ; supplies, : seems ended.
quickly to' 83%@S3%c. The volume of busi
ness -for the day was not „ large. : but a con
siderable selling pressure to realize; turned the
tables . on the bulls and May reacted, closing
only easy/ %@V*c lower ¦ at 82%@82%c. ; ' • .
¦ Corn .was Influenced ' early . by wheat, but
later- in 1 the session turned individually strong
and r even lent ; strength to wheat. The close
was strong. Hay ¦%<§>% c -up at 6&1' a c- - . ' ¦¦¦ ¦¦
; The . corn advance and' an imprqyed 1 casn de
mand kept oats '¦ moderately active with (gener
ally'better prices. May closed only .firm, %e
higher.", at 46% c. .: > .,, .-: , . i •:'¦!.¦ CjJ '
. Hog products hardly held steady. The leat
ure • was I the continued I selling of , May I lard' by
brokers. Narrow j fluctuations were the order
of j the , day, .- though • selling depressed • prices
slightly.- May: porki. closed 2%c down, lard
5c < down ' and . ribs a shade lower.
I The: leading futures ranged as lollows:-
Oregon. $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3|
3 25 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers . $•>©
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are "Al
lows, usual discount to the ' trade : ,p ra harn
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75, .Rye
Peas. ?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
30-4(ys 6®6%c; 40-5CS. 4%@5Hc; 50-eO's, \y+
©4%c;' e^A 3%<34%c; WO's. 3%@3%c* :
8O-0O> 2%@3%c; aO-lOO-s. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Prlc- per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial.. $3: Dehesa. $2 50: fancy 5175; *.
crown $1 CO; London "Layers,— Three-crown,
$135; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatel3— Four-crown, E%c: three
crown, 5^4 c; two-crown,' 4-%c; Seedless Musca
tels 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c:" Thompson
Seedless, 6%c: Bleached Sultar.aa — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7 %c; standard, 6%e: prime; 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c- Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choicer Oc; stand
ard. 7%c; prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded. Tc;
choice seeded.^6%c; do, in bulk, rancy, 6%c;
choice, «%c per lb. J_ --— ; :
v NUTS — Chestnuts, nominal; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell »M>c; No. 2. S<ffiS%c: No. 1 hardshell,
be- N"o 2. 7c: Almonds". 10%@l2e.for paper
shell 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts.
12@l2%e: Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecan3, ll@Uc:
Cocoanuts. $3 5C@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10f?
M%c for light amber; water white extracted.
5#«c: IiKht amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, ic.
BEESWAX — 27%@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Considerable cutting of prices for cured
meats has developed In this market lately, aa
a new house Is marking etown its prices to
open up trade and some of *. the Chicago
branches are meeting Its cuts. General quo
tations are not yet actually lower, however.
The market Is reported quiet.
Chicago • was weak e r again.
CURED MEATS— Bacon.' 12c per lb " for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hami, 12c: Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Me«3. *1I@11 50; Family. S12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear, $22 oO@2.5;
Mess, $18 60019; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
P °LARD— Tierces, quoted" at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c; 10-lb Uns. 12%c; B-lb tins. 12%c;
§-lb tins, 3%c. • <„,
COTTOLENE — One half-barrej. 10%e: three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tlercea.
9%c; five tierces, »%o per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, '..-SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1902.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
New : York , Grain and Produce.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS:
10
» ' g 2 o -. ,™ »o
§ Hg ?s? 3jf ¦ *
station. 3 53 = 3 i.= . 5o '?¦'
5j . : | : 3 : a fyA'^'r
Astoria 30.10 M 4S S ¦ • Rain Too
Baker 30.44 42 30 KW Cloudy .00
Carson ........50.40 50 "24 XW Clear .00
Eureka ......30.40 02 02 KE'- Cloudy ".00
F"reeno .......30.3(5 B8 48 NW Cloudy .00
FlagsUtt 30.28 04 24 S ; Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello, Ida.39.52 44 32 BE Clear .02
Independence S0.30 C2~ 3G W Clear .00
I^oe Angeles. -30. 08 . K3 48 NW Clear .00
Phoenix ...:.. 30.06- 78 4O • W Clear .00 |
Portland .;...30.1C 68 44 S • Cloudy .18 ,
Ked Bluff 30.34 .Gi 44 N- Pt Cldy .00
Koseburg ....30.28 <S ' 44- SE Pt Cldy .00
Bacramento ..30.X4 58 M E Clear * .00
Salt Lake :J0.52 38 ,34 SE Fcffgy'T.'
6arrFranclaco.30.34 CS 4« N Clear .00
S. L.' Obispo..30.20" 72 54 N Clear .00
Ban Diego..... 80.O2 80 r»4 X Pt Cldy .00
Seattle .......30.06 50 48 SE Rain • .71
Spokane 30.28 46 36 S Cloudy .02
Keafa'Bay 29.88 54 48 EW Kala .78
» ' g 2 o -. ,™ »o
§ Hg ?s? 3jf ¦ *
station. 3 53 = 3 i.= . 5o '?¦'
5j . : | : 3 : a fyA'^'r
Astoria 30.10 M 4S S ¦ • Rain Too
Baker 30.44 42 30 KW Cloudy .00
Carson ........50.40 50 "24 XW Clear .00
Eureka ......30.40 02 02 KE'- Cloudy ".00
F"reeno .......30.3(5 B8 48 NW Cloudy .00
FlagsUtt 30.28 04 24 S ; Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello, Ida.39.52 44 32 BE Clear .02
Independence S0.30 C2~ 3G W Clear .00
I^oe Angeles. -30. 08 . K3 48 NW Clear .00
Phoenix ...:.. 30.06- 78 4O • W Clear .00 |
Portland .;...30.1C 68 44 S • Cloudy .18 ,
Ked Bluff 30.34 .Gi 44 N- Pt Cldy .00
Koseburg ....30.28 <S ' 44- SE Pt Cldy .00
Bacramento ..30.X4 58 M E Clear * .00
Salt Lake :J0.52 38 ,34 SE Fcffgy'T.'
6arrFranclaco.30.34 CS 4« N Clear .00
S. L.' Obispo..30.20" 72 54 N Clear .00
Ban Diego..... 80.O2 80 r»4 X Pt Cldy .00
Seattle .......30.06 50 48 SE Rain • .71
Spokane 30.28 46 36 S Cloudy .02
Keafa'Bay 29.88 54 48 EW Kala .78POPUI/AR YOUNG COUPLE
WHO WILL BE MADE ONE
TO-DAY.
i ¦
ThatXgirl has 'yet -to be -born who ob
jects to being told she is pretty.
In" one New York factory > SO.OtR'.OOO . • t:i
gurettes.a week are turned -out "on" "an
average all the year. round.: .
. •: "Have : you , got - your ; pye on ills ; yet?" ¦
VOh,' my.. no! ; I married him. -you know,
and I, can' t - k<?ep ; my, eye on him no w."—
l"onkers Statesmam.; • V
'.'Do you . remember that young man you
had 1 ymir'eyo:on: when. 1 was here three
years ago. dear?". •" * ¦ . :
'.'Oh.- yes: .'„ I remember." . ¦ . ! \ '
OAKLAND; Jan. 3.— Jesse L." Wetmore,
a pioneer citizen,. who amassed: a fortune
in real estate in early days in. Oakland,
died New Year's day, at his' Piedmont
home, where the funeral , was . held i to-day
at 2 o'clock. • The deceased .was a* native
of New Brunswick and SO years old. . He
leaves - filxf children, one ¦¦of -whom is
Charles J. AVetmore,:the vineyardist. ¦
." V.' '" ¦ ' * ''¦'•¦. '¦,'.-¦
Death Takes ¦ Pioneer Citizen.
, OAKLAND, •« Jan. 3— William King«
buryi formerly a- member of -the Oakland
police force, ./is reported to. be dying m
Uklah. He was recently, stricken with
paralysis.' v ,.\
Former' Policeman Dying.
BERKELEY . 1 Jan/3.— The incoming OWi
and: outgoing < Los Angeles Express ,wcr*>
delayed this morning by. a derailed gravel
car at ¦ Third*: and'. Gilman streets. For
about two hours, traffic. was suspended be
fore the wrecking crew could get the car
back ! on the track. : . .- . :¦
Derailed I Car;' Belays Overlands.
OAKLAND. Jan. > 3.— The Acme Athletic
Club has 'postponed the Young Gibbs-Jacic
O'Brien contest ¦ , until * January 16. The
men. will thus be given ample time to get
into condition.. -•?>¦¦/.
Acme- Club Fight Postponed.
Will Testify Against Companions.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 3.-It de
veloped to-day that Stilson V. MacLeod,
indicted with City Attorney Lant K. Sals
bury, Thomas E. McGarry, Henry A. Tay
lor of New York and others for conspir
acy in the attempt to foist a $4,000,000
water contract upon the city, confessed
his share in the affair to the Prosecuting
Attorney last Tuesday and has agreed to
turn State's evidence in the' trials of Mc-
Garry and Taylor. Salsbury has already
been convicted. The case against Mac-
Leod is to be dropped in consideration of
bis action.
Will S«ll Her Dunsmuir Home.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Edna Wallace Hop
per has left for New York and it seems
to be certain that the Dunsmulr * place
near San Leandro will be placed . on the
market. KiMiHEiCfSttS'tS
C. H. Lovell, tb". administrator of the
estate of the ¦ actress' mother, says that
he expects within a few. days -to receive
orders to dispose of the beautiful country
place. /
Express Company Cashier. Missinsr.
CINCINNATI, Jan. %— John G. Thomas
cashier of the Wells-Fargo Express Com
pany in this city, was. to-day; reported to
the police as mysteriously missing. Since
Monday night, when last seen, . no trace
of him has been found. An examination
of his books and accounts shows - every
thing correct and there Js no clew to the
cause .of .his, absence..!. He came here
twelve years ago . from St. ¦ Louis where
his parents live. ;•/
Bacon— Is your wife improving in -her
cooking? .
Egbert— Oh, yes! -When I first began to
eat her food I had' to have. the doctor;
now I Just; have to take some little thing
for. Indigestion which I happen to havo in
the house..— Yonkers Statesman.
"If you are going to the other side of.
the lakel" the man with the red nose was
saying, "I should think-you would rather
travel by the boat. You get there almost
as quickly as by rail, there is no dust or
discomfort, and It's so much more soci
able." '
"Sociable!" echoed the stranger. "That's
the very thing it Isn't. I went across four
or five days ago* an/I the boat was full of
passengers, but they divided themselves
into small groups— generally . couples, in
fact— and there wasn't a soul I could
talk to." , \
"And you didn't catch on? Why, man.
you -were, on the Lovers* St. Joe Special!"
—Chicago Journal.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Isaac N., Conklin
the. ex-soldier charged .with bigamy, was
this • morning arraigned in the . PolU-o
Court. The preliminary; examination was
set for. January 9." ¦
Conklin : Is : Arraigned.
. Major W. A. Glassford has been relieved
from the position of chief slgnal'ofncer of
the Department '¦ of/ California and will
go to Manila to take charge of the signal
service work, In that city. -
Lieutenant Colonel C.H.v Noble, > Six
teenth Infantry, who has been on recruit
ing service at ¦. Indianapolis. Indiana, .has
been recently assigned to this department
by the Secretary, of -War. .: , .: . -.
Lieutenant ¦ ,\V infield . Harper, has- been
ordered to ,'Angeh Island for ; duty in the
discharge and detention camp.
News in Army Circles.
Divorces were granted' to • Mary E.
Walsh from Patrick. H. .Walsh for deser
tion, and James ,Tretheway from Kitty
Tretheway for desertion.'
Mamie Nelson has ¦ asked the : Superior
Court to annul' her marriage to Charles
Nelson on. the ground that her consent to
the ceremony was obtained by fraud. She
alleges that. Nelson and several others a
few: days before the ceremony,- was per
formed plied herewith liquors to such an
extent that she became mentally weak,
and that while she was in that condition
they prevailed upon her to consent to be
come-.the .wife.. of -Nelson. They were
married October 29, .1901. Mrs. Nelson's
maiden, name is Mamie James,, and she
asks permission to resume ft. ..
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday, by
Mary 1 Thompson against George Thomp
son- for ..desertion,, and Charles" S. Holt
man against Hattie S. Hoffman for deser
tion. • . "¦'.¦¦" • i ¦- .
perior Court to Annul Her
Marriage. .
Mrs. Mamie Nelson Asks the Su-
SAYS SHE WAS INCOMPETENT
WHEN SHE BECAME A WIFE
Charles Murphy and Arthur Page were
arrested early yesterday morning by Po
licemen Butler and Reilly and locked up
in the "tanks" pending an Investigation.
The officers observed the two men sneak
ing into doprways and , determined to
watch them. Murphy and Page turned
into Market street from Oak and were
overtaken at Hayes and Market. When
searched one had a revolver In hi3 pocket
and the other had a bunch of keys.
"Were Acting Suspiciously.
CASPAR.VVyo., Jan. 3.-In a fight with
four escaped prisoners to-day Sheriff W.
C. Kicker was shot and probably fatallv
injured. The outlaws- are Clarence and
Charles Woodward, David Foote and-C
U. Franklin. They escaped the night' of
December 31 and Sheriff Ricker ' followed
them to a noint seventy-five miles west of
Caspar, where they were in ambush They
fired on the Sheriff's; party, and Ricker
received a shot In the breast from which
he cannot recover. , The posse has ; con
tinued the chase for the men, none of
whom is thought, to have been hurt
Outlaws Shoot a Sheriff.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— Licenses to marrv
v.ere issued to-day to Joseph Porte, aged
31 years, and Josephine Failleur. 22, both
of Oakland; John J. Kenna 23. and Min
erva Livinerston. 28, both cf San Fran
cisco; William E. Jones. 27, and Anna J
Pierce. 28, both of San Francisco; Edward
O"Malia, 26. and Minnie Carrington **2
both of Oakland. ' "'
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Consul Booth-
Tucker of the Salvation Army, who un
derwent an operation for an abscess in
the ear yesterday at ¦ the Fablola Hospi
tal, continues to. improve and her physi-.
clan now holds out hope forher/recovcry.
She was considerably stronger to-day
than she was yesterday, and the. severe
effects of the incision back of the enr
have almost passed:' away. Dr. ,N;i If
Chamberlain Said to-night that the most
dangerous period in Mrs. Booth-Tuck»»r's
condition had been passed, but that tiiere
was still a possibility of, a relapse. He
would not f commit himself- to any-, posi
tive; statement that she would get well
although he is of the opinion that th»
patient will : recover. ,
Recovery of the ; Salvation
Army. Leader.
Physician Holds Out Hope for the
CONSUL BOOTH-TUCKER
, CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
ALAMEDX. Jan. 3.— D. J. Renfro • and
Charles , Johnson, I special policemen, : had
their stars plucked from their breasts to
day by Chief of Police Conrad for exer
cising undue authority and using vulgar
language' on the: street cars. The men,
accompanied by a sailor, boarded a High
street electricYcar " New ¦ Year's night at
a late hour and refused to pay. their fare.
A war of words ensued between the spe
cials and the ' car men, during which ,the
former used, unbecoming language in the
presence of some lady passengers. Chief
of Police. Conrad heard of the affair and
summoned the men to the police station,
where, he iVlsited punishment upon them
by "summarily depriving them of their
lrislgnlas of office. -
Chief of Police Conrad Tears the In
signia of Office From Their
Breasts.
SPECIAL POLICEMEN
LOSE THEIR STAKS
BERKELEY. Jan. 3.— A Chinaman and
a water pitcher routed a burglar during
the early hours this morning while the
thief was attempting to gain entrance to
the Snell Seminary at 2721 Channlng wsy
Shortly after 1 o'clock the cook, Jim Slov
heard some one trying to unlock the back
door and as Jim's room is located in the
rear of the house he raised his window
and ordered the intruder away. Jim had
hardly got to sleep when he was again
awakened. This time he was mad Ho
caught up a big pitcher full of water'
rushed to the door and threw the vesgel
contents and all. at the startled house
breaker, who fled.
enware at Him.
turbed by Intruder, Hurls Earth-
Chinaman at Snell's Seminary, Dis-
COOK ROUTS BURGLAR
WITH A "WATER-PITCHER
CAMDEN POINT. Mo., Jan. 3.-At 2
o'clock this morning four, masked rob
bers entered the Bank of Camden Point
and wrecked the vault with dynamite A
P. Sarrhurst, assistant cashier of ". the
bank, and H. F, Rixey, a local merchant,
returning from a country dance, passed
the bank Just as the explosion occurred
.Hastily arming themselves with . shot
guns and summoning a small posse head
ed by Book Cullins, the crack shot of the
town» they surrounded the bank and
opened flre on the robbers. After a fusil
lade lasting several minutes, in which one
df the robbers was shot in the shoulder,
the bandits broke away from the bank
ran to tho railroad tracks and escaped on
a handcar. They secured no booty. Sev
eral armed Dosses are in Bearch of the
robbers to-day. ¦ , . . .
Missouri Citizens Hear a Dynamite
Explosion and Have a Battle
With. Bandits.
FOUR BANK ROBBERS
SURPRISED AT WORK
Montez' s defence is that he was suffer
ing from rheumatism and was sitting in
a chair in the saloon, when Rosa shoved
a fiddler on top of him. A fight followed
and as he was getting the worst of it he
stabbed Rosa.
Frank Montez, a sailor, may have to
answer to a. charse of murder. He wan
arrested on December 12 for assault to
murder for stabbing Joe Rosa, another
sailor, twice in, the side during a fight In
a saloon at Drumm and Jackson street*.
Rosa was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital and from there to the City an«l
County Hospital and a few days later was
discharged.
"When the case was called in Judge Slo
gan's court yesterday the Judge was no
tified that Rcsa had been taken back ta
the City and County Hospital and that
he was likely to die. *The Judge contin
ued the casq till to-day so that he could
receive a medical report as to Rosa's con
dition.
Frank Montez, Said to Be
Dying-
Jce Rosa, Who Was Stabbed b.;r
MAY HAVE TO ANSWER
TO CHARGE OF MURDET&
Dr. W. Allen and Dr. Trueblood were
summoned and It was found that young
Schad had received two fractures of the
left arm. a fractured shoulder and severe
lacerations and • bruises on the body and
head. -Although his condition is serious,
hopes are entertained (for his recovery.
The boy was hauling lumber in a small
wagon when the horse took fright ana
commenced to run. A sudden turn threw
the lad out of the wagon and into a front
wheel. The body was whirled around
several times before being thrown clear
of the wagon. Passersby picked him up
and carried him to his home at 2125 Es
sex street. ' •
BERKELEY. Jan. .3.— George Schad,
the -14-year-old .son of A. F; ( Schad, was
caught in the wheel of a runaway wagon
this afternoon and seriously injured. /
and Caught Between Spokes of
Revolving Wheel.
George Schad Thrown From Wagon
BOY IS BADLY INJURED
IN A RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
The management has accepted the situ
ation calmly and there, are signs of weak
ening in the ranks of the strikers. The
"scabs" have combined forces on several
occasions. ' • ' .'
Ihe'- Hercules- party remained away
from the club. They. stationed pickets in
the. neighborhood of Third and ¦; Linden
•streets. Their war cry was ; "scab," and
the "outside" youngsters that dared ac
cept tho courtesy offered by the men that
footed. the bills were beaten.
Outsiders were invited to share the ben
efits bagged by the Hercules contingent.
Some of the invitations were accepted.
The trust assumed a lighting formation
and equipped with agitators, walking del
egates, pickets. and a boycott, declared
war on their benefactors.
All went along smoothly until the bene
factors discovered that their charity had
been cornered and consolidated into a
trust and that the benefactions^they Im
agined they were showering on the Oak
land boy at large had been corraled for
the exclusive benefit of a select few band
ed under the brand of Hercules.* •••
The settlement Is conducted by an asso
ciation of citizens who pay all the ex
penses and entertain and instruct the boys
frec'of charge. The boys that have been
in the habit of accepting this bounty con
stituted themselves into the' Hercules Ath
letic .Club. V '-
Because the courtesy of the gymnasium
of the Hercules Athletic Club of the Oak
land Social Settlement has been extended
to.Ji few outsiders the Hercules youngs
ters-are out on strike and have instituted
a boycott on the philanthropic establish
ment. - . '•";¦ -J* '¦-'* '; '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: 1118 Broadway, Jan. 3.
Try to Limit. Settlement
Benefactions to a
Select Few.
A wife and two children. Mrs. Everett
Ames and J. Carleton Everett of Guaya
quil, Ecuador, survive him. The funeral
will be held from the residence Saturday
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Everett was agent for the Gutta Percha
and Rubber Manufacturing Company at
iian Francisco. He was a native of Rock
ford. Me., where he was born seventy
three years ago. Coming to California
in lb6S, he resided for eight years In San
Francisco and then came to Oakland. In
1SS1 Everett was elected to the Board of
Education, serving for ten years.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.-After a long ill
ness that culminated in a paralytic
stroke, Edward Everett, a former mem
ber of the Board of Education, died last
Ki'pht at bis residence. 719 "Eighth street.
Resident of Oakland Dies After
Long Illness.
Former School Director and Pioneer
EDWABD EVERETT DIES
FROM PARALYTIC STROKE
After being sweated for some time they
5SX5 th ?J. r ! i arnes a^ C " F - E"is, James
MfeDonald, James Thornton and Harry
Edmonds. ._,¦¦• .
The boxcar was surrounded and tho
robbers ordered to lay down their guns'
and come out one at a time. They obeyed
after some hesitation and were bound
securely, loaded Into a spring wagon and
brought to Leavenworth. They are now
being "sweated" by the Chief of Police
a.t headquarters.
The robbers were caught in a boxcar
which was on the sidetrack at Pleasant
Ridge, a little way station, about 6 o'clock
this evening. Two of the robbers went
to a grocery store about a mile from their
hiding place and bought some crackers
and «« che t se - Tne storekeeper had be*>n
notified by the police that the robbers
were headed in this direction and he sus
pected who the two strangers were. The
storekeeper telephoned to police head
quarters here, who sent three officers to
the scene. ~ -•
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Jan. 3.-The
four Camden Point Bank robbers were
captured at Pleasant Ridge, ten miles
west of here, this evening. Three mem
bers of the Leavenworth police force, a
farmhand and a telegraph operator com
prised the party which captured the out
laws. . '
Arter an experience of some eighteen years
the St Paul - Trust Company has found that
the conduct of the trust business, under condi
tions and restrictions existing here, has been
unprofitable and has decided to liquidate Its
affairs, to accept no new business and within
two yeans to retire from the field entirely.
AH «f the fund to ths credit of the trust ac
counts. Including all agency business, has long
been set aside, as required by law. In deposits
separate and aDart from Its own • moneys, so
that any or all of them can be paid on de
mand at any time. "With its other creditors
it has arranged to go into voluntary liquidation
and undertakes within two years to convert its
lie sets, which are largely * in real estate, now
beginning to be salable, and to satisfy all
claims against It. and expects to thus wind
up Us affairs fully, amicably and honorably.
The most serious case against the com
pany, however, was that of the estate of
O. D. Stronz, whose estate showed a de
preciation of more than $100,000 during the
ten years it was in charge of the trust
company. The Supreme Court held that
there had been no criminal impropriety,
of action In handling the- Strong estate,
but that the trust company must make
good the $100,000 depreciation in the value
of that estate, such falling off in value
having been in real estate which the
company, as trustee for the Strong es
tate yurchased from itself as owner of.
such property. It Is stated that the com
pany will be closed up by new officers.
The assets of the company consist
largely of real estate and notwithstand
ing the depreciation in realty values dur
ing the past few years the assets still
l->reely exceed the liabilities. The total
assets are given at $510,574 in the last
published statement of the company. To
day's action was taken with the consent
and approval of all the creditors and the
Public Examiner was simply notified of
the action taken, not having taken _any
official part in the discussion of the direc
torate J. W. Bishop, president of the
company, late this afternoon issued a
statement, in which he says:
The company has carried on an exten
sive business and administered several
large estates, the greatest having" been
that of the late Commodore Norman Kitt
son, who left five or more millions, - the
last action on his big property having
only recently been taken. There has been
much litigation of this estate, the "heirs
contesting the trust company's claim for
compensation and securing a big cut in
the amount claimed.
Public Examiner Pope made the an
nouncement of the company's decision at
noon, stating that from his knowledge of
the trust company's business he believed
all creditors would be paid in full, al
though the stockholders probably would
lose part of their investment.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 3.— The directors
of the St Paul Trust Company, a well
known institution of this city, of which
General J. W. Bishop has been president
Fiiice it organized in 18S4 with a capital
of $200,000, have voted to go into volun
tary liquidation.
HERCULES BOYS
GO ON A STRIKE
Oakland Office San" Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 3.
The Union Savings Bank has plans In
hand for an eight or a ten story building
to be erected on San Pablo avenue, about
a Block north of Fourteenth street, on the
Soudry property. The site has a frontage
of 150 feet on both San Pablo and Tele
graph. avenues, and is opposite the City
Hall. The main depth of the lot Is 263
feet.. The plans will include an office
structure with a home for the bank, safe
deposit vaults and all modern equipments
for the transaction of business.
Work, it is expected, will begin within
sixty days. The plans are in the hands
of Architect Walter J. • Mathews. They
have been completed in the rough and
now await 1 formal acceptance^ Dy the
board of directors ot the banK. The build
ing will be of brick, stone and steel. It
is provided- that on both avenue frontages
tne tacings shall be> most ornate.
The details of construction have been
decided upon, but there may be some tie
lay in getting the' steel work from the
Ea«t At ail events the bank people are
desirous of completing the work as rap
idly as possible. The site is now occr
pied by one and two story frame build
ings, all of which are tenanted.
As soon > as • the plans have been com
pleted and accepted the demolition cf
these buildings will be commenced. . i
The announcement of this uptown move
oh the part of the bank was received with
much interest. President William G.
Henshaw Is the - prime mover in tho
change. It is looked upon as very sig
nificant in view of the known close rela
tion that Henshaw holds with the Realty
Syndicate, thepakland Transit Company
and. other. heavily interested enterprises.
The First National Bank Is also said tj
be looking for an uptown site.
Three Are Held to Answer and One
Is Instructed and Ar-
V *K raigned.
Louis "Wade and John Case were held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a charge oS
assault with Intent to commit robbery In
$1000 bond3 each. They were in the habit
of hanging around the Baldwin Annex
and about 11 o'clock on the morning of
December 18 It is alleged that they tools
Andrew Pillman, 504 Howard street, whlia
Intoxicated to a rear entrance on Ellis
street and knocked him down and at
tempted to rob him.
Aibin Peterson, known a3 the "MInne-"
apoli3 Kid," was instructed and arraigned
in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday on a
charge of robbery and by consent the
case was continued till next "Wednesday.
He is accused of being one of the men
who knocked down and robbed \V. . H.
Hanson, a lumber dealer, of a gold watch
and $200 on Geary street, near Stockton,
last Sunday morning. He was seen by
two witnesses following Hanson along
Geary street and leaving the scene of the
robbery.
Nicholas Newman was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on the charge of robbery
in $2000 bonds. It is charged that on the
night of December 23 he snatched a purse
from the hand of Mrs. Amelia Carey of
4 Winter »>lace while she was walking oa
Stockton street, near Bush.
St. Paul Firm Decides
Upon a Voluntary
Liquidation.
Four of Camden Point
Outlaws Taken in a
Boxcar.
This includes little of intrinsic value
and consists principally of tableware,
pictures and wearing,. apparel that. once
belonged to Mrs. Garcelon. The most
valuable thing in the collection is a pair
of solitaire diamond earrings. Inventoried
at J150.
Attorney Bosley petitioned the court to
sell the heirlooms, explaining that the
proceeds are needed to settle the ex
penses of administration of the estate. Aa
n.e property is onl- worth $750 and the
debts-amount to $17,000, the lawyers are
having a hard time to figure out how they
are going to satisfy all the creditors.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3— In order to pay
some of the debts against the estate of
the late Catherine M. Garcelon it will be
necessary to auction some of the family
heirlooms that are now in the possession
of Orestes Pierce, executor of decedent's
will. Judge Ogden granted permission to
the executor this morning to knock do wn
to the highest bidder personal \ property
amounting to about $750.
Order to Pay'Expenses of Ad
ministration.
Executor Prepares to Sell Them m
GARCELON HEIRLOOMS
WILL BE AUCTIONED
ALLEGED ROBBERS APPEAR
IN THE POLICE COURT
Union Bank* Makes Pub
lic its New Building
Prqject.
BANK ROBBERS
ARE CAPTURED
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. — The Mothers* Union
of Golden Gate held its annual meeting
last night and elected the following offi
cers for the coming year: President, Mrs.
P. Cahill; vice president. Mrs. S. H.
Strite; secretary. Mrs. W. H. Bedford;
treasurer, Mrs. E..A. Young.
Mothers' "Union Annual Meeting.
was ordered by Judge Ellsworth to-day
to pay Charlotte Seabury, who secured, a
divorce from him a year ago, $5 a month
for the support of their child. He said
that he only earned $175 a day and could
not afford to pay his former wife much
money. Seabury is a. son of Forrest Sea
bury, who was once noted as a landscape
artist, and a brother of Alfred Seabury,
the actor, who made a hit in his imper
sonation of the character of Chimmie
Fadden.
Minnie Stillwell was granted a divorce
from Edward Stillwell by Judge Hall and
awarded the custody of the two children.
The ground of divorce was habitual in
temperance.
James A. Turner was granted a divorce
from Christina E. Turner on the ground
of willful desertion.
Peter A. Cary failed to answer the suit
of his wife, Lottie A. Cary, and a default
was entered against him.
' Arthur Seabury Pleads Tliat He Is
Too Poor to Pay Five Dollars
a Month.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— Arthur Seabury
ORDERS SON OF ARTIST '
TO SUPPORT HIS CHXLD
Griffiths, Major Wadsworth and Captains
Barker and McGee delivered short
speeches and after the wedding the bride
sang a solo. ¦ - • . ¦
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— On account of tha
prevalence of scarlet fever the Swett pub
lic school, Thirteenth avenue and Ease
Twentieth street, will not be reopened un
til a. -week from next Monday. The Board
of Education so decided this evening after
consulting with Health Officer von Ade
lung.
Scarlet Fever Extends Vacation.
ROME. Jan. 3.— The Giornale dl Italie
to-day publishes an interview with Mi
Delcasse, the French Minister of -For
eign Affairs, in which he confirms tlie
statement that an agreement. has been
arrived at between Italy and France re
specting Mediterranean questions. In this
interview M. Delcasse refers to the
friendly relations ¦ of France with the
United States and Great Britain.- He
says: "They are our best markets and
we welcome the riches of America, which
has need of our articles of luxury."
With regard to the American invasion
M. Delcasse says that the. best course is
to seek to copy American systems, and it
was for this reason France had decided
to establish a commercial and industrial
school in the United States. '- •.-¦ ¦-;¦ •» --
SALVATION ARMY LASSIE
WHO BECAME A BRIDE NEW
YEAR'S DAY.
Minister Delcasse Says
Some Nice Things
. About America.
PLANS EDIFICE
ON UPTOWN SITE
S'C. HARSHBURGER and Miss
Ella Fitzpatrick, both of whom
are employed in responsible po-
O sitions at Hale Brothers, will be
quietly married this morning.
"While the announcement of the intended
wedding will not come as a surprise to the
employes of the big dry good store who
have watched the progress of the young
people's courtship it will surprise many
of the friends who were not, let into the
secret ' ' ¦¦
Mr Harshburger has been in the employ
of Hale Brothers for a number of years
and is now one of the department mana
gers of the concern. He worked himself
up to this position of confidence and trust
and is well liked by. both his employers
and fellow employes. Like her husband
to-be, the bride-elect is a highly, trusted
employe of Hale's. She is manager of the
millinery department. ¦ • ¦
After the wedding ceremony the young
couple will leave on their honeymoon trip
to New York. Before returning home they
will visit all of the larga Eastern cities.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— The Coroner's Jury
which to-day. investigated the shooting on
New Year's day of 12-year-old Amos "Wai
ton returned a verdict of accidental death.
The inquest was held at the residence off
the dead boy's aunt, Mrs. "W. W. Walton,
1201 East Twenty-second street.
Lester Loveland, the . 10-year-old boy
who fired the : shot, and Grover Jurgeson,
the 9-year-old witness to the accident,
told their stories.
Loveland was taking aim at a bird.
Jurgeson, who was standing beside him,
stooped down to adjust hl3 stocking. In
resuming a standing position his head
bumped against Loveland's arm; the rifle
exploded, and Walton, who was standing
a few yards away, . fell to the ground.
The bullet had severed his jugular vein
and death was almost instantaneous.
The funeral was held this afternoon
from the Walton residence. ' .
ing Amos "Walton.
land of Responsibility for Shoot-
Coroner's Inquest Clears Lester Love-
TRUST COMPANY
CLOSES DOORS
Mr. and Mrs. Smith will pass their
honeymoon in Sacramento. Upon their
return they will reside in this city.
Miss Annie Loane was bridesmaid and
Jesse Pritchard, brother of the bride, best
man. Staff Captain Crawford, Captain
The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas C. Pritchard of Fresno. The
groom is in business in this city. He holds
a captain's commission in the Salvation
Army, Is president of the Young People's
Legion and has charge of the local prison
work.
/
OAKLAND, Jan. 3. — The marriage
on New Tear's night, in Hamilton
Hall, of Captain Henry R. B. .
Smith and Miss Lola Marguerite
Pritchard was an Important so
cial event In local Salvation Army life.
It was strictly a halleujah wedding. The
severity of the red-trimmed, blue uni
forms was relieved with satin sashes and
bows and the ceremony was conducted
according to army regulations.
Bride and bridegroom are active soldiers
in the religio-mllitary organization. The
ceremony was performed by Staff Captain
Crawford, the commander of the Oakland
corps. The headquarters' brass band from
San Francisco rendered a lively wedding
inarch and contributed several selections
of martial music.
JURY DECLARES DEATH
BESTJLT OF AN ACCIDENT
Deceased was 75 years of age. He was
a member of the Knights of Pythias and
Evening Star Lodge of Odd Fellows. The
services will be held Sunday afternoon at
2 o'clock from, the residence.
Ir. his young days the deceased pioneer
came to California with his wife, who is
now so seriously ill that she Is not ex
pected to long survive her husband. In
1S60 the family settled In Redwood Can
yon, where they conducted a dairy. Two
years ,later everything they owned ¦was
E^ept out of existence by a flood. Then
they came to Oakland and conducted a
general merchandise business for years.
Mr. Schimrnelpfersnig had been well to do.
Three ! years ago he had to retire from
business, a stroke of paralysis nearly
blinding him. The surviving family in
cludes six children*, who are a eon. Fred
erick, and five daughters— Mrs. Thomas
B. Le Ballister and Mrs. Gustave Calberg
of Oakland. Mrs. D. J. Sullivan of Ala
meda, Mrs. George Tichenor of San Fran
cisco and Mrs. E. C. Shuman. • •;. -
OAKLAND, Jen. 3.— After a residence
of forty-one years In Oakland, Frederick
Scfcimmelpfennlg died last night at his
residence, 462 East Twelfth street, pa
ralysis being the cause of death.
Oakland Passes From This
Life.
AGED PIONEEB DIES
SUDDENLY AT HIS HOME
Frederick Scbimmelpfennig of East
FRANCE SHOWS
HER FRIENDSHIP
In order to facilitate the work that is to
be undertaken In the future the board pro
poses to secure larger headquarters, as
the present place,at Fourteenth and Wash
ington streets is considered too small."An
other reason. for the-change is that it Is
planned to establish an exhibit of the
county's products that will be open the
year round.
q 4.. I ..r.. I .. I ,. : .. I ,. I ., : .. I .. I .. : .. H ., I , : r I..I..1..J..H. o
; The selection of Edward Stearns to the
position of secretary was made after a
committee had been sent to Los Angeles,
to inquire into his capabilities. He was
found to be a successful business man and
manager, and the' committee decided lo
recommend that he be "engaged. Stearns
was invited to look over the field before
accepting the post, which he did, the re
sult being his entire satisfaction with the
situation. Stearns Is a newspaper man
and has been a member of the staff of the
Los Angeles Express for a number of
years. ¦ •
The Board of Trade has begun the new
year by making a "change in the most im
portant office at its disposal and resolving
upon a vigorous co.urse in behalf of Oak
land for tlio future. The resignation. 1 of
Craigie Sharp, who has been secretary of
the board. for a number of years, was ac
cepted at a meeting this morning, and a
successor, -in -the person of Edward
Stearns of Los Angeles, was immediately
elected. All the members agreed that the
board should exert itself to the.utmosl
during the coming year to promote the.in
terests of. Oakland, and the proposition to
widen the scope, of the organization's
work met with unanimous approval. .".
Oakland % Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 3.
"When Mrs. Remington called for the
child last Sunday I refused to let her have
it. I knew she owed my sister money for
the baby's board and I thought she ought
to settle before taking him away. My sis
ter was in Oakland nursing and the next
day I wrote to her regarding Mrs. Rem
ington's visit. She replied, telling me to
give up the child in case hi3 mother called
again. SWCSK
BERKELEY, Jan. 3.— A crippled baby
boy, taking the part of forcibly detained
security for a board bill, was brought to
the attention of the local peace authorities
last night by Its distracted mother, who
sought aid to secure her child. The boy
was held by Mrs.' M. C. Church at the
residence of her - sister, Mrs. Clara C.
Simpson, a professional nurse residing at
1S08 Prince street.
According to Mrs. Church, her sister
took the child of Mrs. M. Remington of
San Francisco to board some six months
ago. About $60 was owing on the child's
board when the mother ¦ called for him
last Sunday night. Mrs. Church refused
to give up the child on the ground that
money was still due for the baby's care.
Mrs. Remington returned to the Simpson
residence last night with Deputy Marshal
Alden and again demanded the little one,
Mr3. Church consented, saying that her
sister, who was away, had ordered tha
child's surrender in case his mother re
turned for • him. Mrs. Remington said
that her object In getting the child was to
put him in a place where he could be
boarded cheaper.
Mrs. Church said: ¦. • • ¦ ' -'. -"^1'
The fire had entirely burned away the
curtains from the windows and had
ignited the woodwork. The carpet was
burned and the bier was badly scorched.
The casket and body were covered with
the burned curtains, but escaped further
injury.
Mrs. Martin's funeral occurred this
morning from St. Joseph's Church. She
was an old and highly respected resident
OS this city.
The body was in an open casket resting
on a bier in the parlor of the house. At
the head of the bier were several lighted
candles on a table and close to the table
was a window open at top and bottom.
The wind blew the lace curtains against
The candles, igniting them. No one was
in the room at the time. Mrs. McAvoy
discovered the smoke and on looking into
ihe room saw the flames leaping to
the ceiling. She rushed out of the house
and called for help. Several neighbors
responded and succeeded in extinguishing
the flames.
BERKELEY. Jan. 3.— The body of Mrs.
Mary Martin, while lying In the residence
Of her daughter. Mrs. H. McAvoy, at the
corner of Delaware and Fifth streets,
West Berkeley, narrowly escaped incin
eration last night in a flre which threat
ened the destruction of the house. Only
the prompt assistance of the neighbors
averted the horror. *
Neighbors Put Out Fire in the
McAvoy Residence and
Save Gasket.
Members Favor Enlarging the
Field Covered by the
Organization.
Infant Is Returned After
Serving as Security
for a Week.
Mrs. Church Keeps Child
From Its Anxious
Mother.
Selects Edward Stearns
o ¦¦ ¦ . • - ¦• i--^ •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • >¦ ¦.
. ; to Succeed Secretary
Craigie Sharp.
Remains of Mrs. Mary
Martin Barely Escape
Incineration,
Marriage of Captain Henry R.B. Smith and
Miss Lola Marguerite Pfitchard a So
cial Event of Importance in Army Life
HOLDS CRIPPLED
BABY FOR BILL
BOARD OF TRADE
MAKES CHANGES
CANDLES START
BLAZE AT BIER
Will Be Married To-Day and Then' Leave
for an Extended Bridal Tour of the East
S. C: :Harshburger and MissvEila ;Fitzgerald
QUIET WEDDING WILL
END THEIR COURTSHIP
HALLELUJAH WEDDING
JOINS SALVATIONISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SATURDAY,
11
GRAPE-NUTS.
? Men fn general and
\ women in particular
: enjoy a toothsome
¦jj nourishing brcak-
I fast food and they
| find it when
j they try . I
I Grape-NutsTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 4, laoi.
12
I SAX FRAXCISCO ; CALL.' .
I'FIN'nPS CFFiCE of The San Francisco
. cnrr.T of Market and Third streets: open
I 12 o'clock every nljsht In the year.
1AJCC1I pfFlCES-MJ Montgomery street
*r «"!c.v:.<ip"n until ;t:30 j>. m.
0 J:~.vcp >trert: open until 0:30 p. m.
'¦• McAUUtPr ctrect: oi^n until *J:."0 p. ra.
5 Larkin *t-?ft: c;>tn until 0::tO p. ra-
il KbEtosi EtrTct; open until 10 p. m.
r ;i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
i '¦> 11. ni. "
~i Eleventh Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
•HI Val.-ncia street: open until 9 p. ra.
ttthwcKt comer Twenty-second and Ken-
v streets; ojw>n until 9 p. m.
00 rillr.iore street: open until 0 p. m. . . .
Cni'RCH SERVICES.
LoSvERSeottiiFh Hall, 117 Larkin st.— Special
nddress by Mr. Alfred Mace, "The Five
Books of Mores as Found in the New Testa-
ment " Sunday afternoon.' Jan. 5. at 3
o'clock. Gospel artdresses Sunday. Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday evenings, at 7:45
o'clock. Free to all. Come and bring your
liiblcs.
MEETING NOTICES.
P-CXERAL Notice: California Com- ¦».
ir.andery Xo. 1, X. T.— Officers and fRj
members ere hereby notified to as-
*<?ml>Ie in the asylum en SUNDAY, Janu-
ary 5. at 1:15 o'clock p. ra.. for the purpose
ot attending the funeral of cur deceased
f rater. /
SIR ARCHIBALD F. GILFILLEN,
Commander of Honolulu Commandery No.
I, K. T., who accompanied this commandery
to the Triennial Conclave at Louisville and
participated in the grand parade as one of
our members. A full attendance Is earnestly
requested.
By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ¦"
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SATUR- J%
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. D.'if 3f
a. By order of W. M. /XrN
1 EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MISSION Lodce No. 109 FTand A. M.- T~~
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) Jv
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- ** \f
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec /%?*
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders cf The Emporium, a corporation:
l J lecse take notice that the annual meeting
of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-,
poiation, will be "held at the principal office/
of the company, in the Parrott building, lo-'
osted on Market St.. between Fourth and
Fifth, in the city and county or San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY,
the 10th day of January. 1902. at 2 o'clock
fv. ra., for the purpose of electing directors
end for the transaction of such other busi-
ness es may properly come before the xneet-
inje. By order cf the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS, Secretary.
Dated January 2, 1902.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
S27 Market Ft. San Francisco, Dec. SI. 1001:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholder* of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held Et the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market >t.. in the city and county
of San Francixn. iitate of California, on
WEDNESDAY ti..- K.th day of January,
lf>C2, at the hcu*- of 11 o'clock a. ra.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to rerve fr.r the ensuing year and for the
I'UrpoKe of aroendinz article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting cf ftockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Jan-
uary 4. at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president H. W. THOMAS. Secretary-.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from L.. LaBcmarsino. In the
Romy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
I deposit tailings en a flat: from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jcnes, In the Hardscrabble
mine, near Oak. Shasta Co., to deposit tail-
Si:fs In Clear Crwk. and from Joseph Eup-
!»>•, in the Nesrro Flat placer mine, at Negro
Flat. El Dorado Co.. to deposit tailing" In
Nejrro Gulch, pives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 09. Flood building. San
FranciEco. Cal., en January 13. 1902, at 1:30
P- rr. ¦ -
AKXCAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER V»"ORKS— Thp annual meeting of the
'tookholrW* of the Spring Valley Water
Works •will be held at the office of the com-
par.v. 12is Stockton tt.. San Frsincisco. Cal.,
et 12 o'clock nv on WEDNESDAY, the 8th
£av of January. 1!W2. " to elect trustees to
Ferv<* for the ensuing year itnd for *Jie trans-
action" of Fvch otter business as may be
broupht before the meeting. Ean Francisco.
' December ?ft. 1901.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary..
7HK annual rneetins of the stockholder of The
Kevada ICati-mal Bank of San Francis*"".
<~al.. n-iM be held at Its banking-house. 301
M< v nter'Tr.pry st.. Ean Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY, January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for tlv» e'.ecticn of directors to serve
f<r th» TiFiiinp year and the transaction of
Fuch ether busin.o** as may pome before the
m*»t1n«-. fiEORGK fiRAKT, Pecretary.
RpI- F— r>»~»T'-tu>~ IS. 1JXVI.
ACEXTS WAJfTEO.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
10C7 Market gt.. room 1. .- - . ;
ASPHALTliM ROOFUG;
CITY A EPKALTUM" CO. . C*2 Market Bt— Roof 1,
FidewRlkF. floors: chean rates. Tel. Red 2332.
4STKOI.OGV. *
HOROSCOPE written out, prospects, qualifica-
tion, ur.dertakinss. difficulties avoided, your
lucky davp, successful ventures, by mail if
deslr-pp. RAYMOND. 227 Taylor et
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :qulck. quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
©r-en evenings byappointment;phoneJohn31Sl.
O. W. HOWE, S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
R. W. <KIN'<5. attorney. Examiner building-. Oth
floor; ail cases: fees low; estates, collections,
«>tc.; consultation tree; no advance fees; open
evenings.
ADVICE free; divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments : mortcages; bills of sale: partner-
FhipF: deeds; wii'.s drawn; no fee unless suc-
ces-j-ful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,818 Market
ADVICE free; mi charge unless successful. W.
TV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. C27 Mar-
ket -t.: ponMJltntion free: no fees In advance.
KMV«;i.K«i — I'or Sale «r E-cbnnge.'
JviCW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — A child to board; mother's care;
will do tewing. 1C71 Ninth st. Oakland.
BOOKS MiW AXD OLD." '
TOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to HVj Market st. S. F.
HLii.VK'sS CUAXCKS.
A — K12.V); DKATH in family causes the owner
of one of the best-known, best-located coffee
and chep houses to take in a partner; a rare
chance lor honest and actU'e man. See R. G
WILKE. 2«.«i Kearny Ft • - . -
A — $:;i*tXi: CORNER' saloon; choicest " location ;
place «;lear» above $250 per mofcth; rent $7i.
This is a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
'MVj Kearny tt
A— K.i(*; BRANX'H bakery and confectionery;
close to !ar<je schools: living rooms; rent $20;
\aiue in tiefct. Call R. G. WILKE, 2<j',4
Knarry t-t.
A — $Ot; COAL and wo-mI yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagons; business is located In Oak-
ia.ml- established years and flrst-class pay-
ing. Al! particulars R. G. WILKE. 2O'/j
!;» ; arny rt. .
J4f:0: SALOON on water front; rent $20;
l«3<1 payUtg business; investigate at once; a
no chance. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 2C>4
icanir tt.
¦'iOAK ?tand; fixtures, lease, good will for
I'JO; Ktuck at invoice; location "can't be beat
all K. G. WILKE. 2G'^ Kearny st
ixdOpi CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
.. ; rent $25;" place established many years
nd doins a good business ; value in sight
all R. G. WILKE.. 26% Kearny et
MXC; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; cs-
. iblish2d years:; .flirt-class paying; located
<iose to Chronicle building: bargain; call
.-».on. It. G. WILKE. 2fiy* Kearny. st
A— ifSOO; COFFKI3 saloon In wholesale* dtj^
trict; rent $50: no Sunday or night work,
:md oearinc above $20t' per month. Call R.
. G. WILKE. 13SU Kearny =t
HEALY &- CAKR. phone James 2771. -¦ --
(i Eddy ft., rooms IS and 19.
Hotel?. restau:-ants. ljJKinir-houses, grocery
. Mores, cigar stores, ranches, «H lands, leases.
Money to lean on any c.J the above.
StTO—PARTXER wanted : Market-st chop
housr; clears ?l^0 monlh: duties laJto cash
r.n<5 holp; no experience; come quick if you
went a map. BUOwN. 1221 Market ct -
. ?<7-rt — GJIOCERY anil bsr; : 4 living rooms; in
Mission: coo.'l business;, splendid location.
MILES fc CO.. t)27 Market et. room 208.
< A— THIRTY <M&arTtands that net $2 50 to $8
_j".iily. Ai=k C. L'. HEDGES. 4U2 Parrott bids.
tSCC— RESTAURANT; central; don't fait to In-
vcstUfete: barciOn. D. Melt AE. 637 Mission.
mrSINESS CHAXCES— Contlnocil. j
A— $350pSALOON.- city front: rent $15; re- j
celpts $15 day. STRAND & CQ.. 20D Kearny. j
A^$12oT~ BRANCH bakery: good trade: 3
rooms; rent $12. • STRAND. 209 Kearny st
A— $150; DELICACY store; good trade: Sixth
st; 2 rooms; rent $15. STRAND, 200 Kearny.
A — WE buy sell or exchange businesses of i
any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st |
TO let — A store almost completely furnished, as J
a restaurant; a good opening for cook or man
and wife: but little money required. Call or •
address H. G. MEHRTENS, 1520 Webster
Bt. Alameda. .
GREAT inducements to party who can furnish
or associate $5000 or more capital to control
a very valuable Invention. Address Prouty
Mfg. Co., 35 Oliver St., Boston. Mass. .
WANTED — Good honest man as partner In of-
fice business that will pay from $15 to $35
per week: this is no fake: come Investigate
this: $100 required. 88 Third st. room 2.
AN established manufacturing, wholesale • and
retail, business for sale cheap. Call at 247
Fifth st. -
GOOD paying cigar store for sale. For par-
ticulars call at 149 Sixth st ¦
WANTED — Laundry route. . horse and wagon;
state price. Address box 2902. Call office.
BROOKSVILLE~Hotel and bar at R; R. sta-
tion. Holy Cross Cemetery, for sale or trade.
MECHANIC with buslrfess ability desires busi-
ness interest for small capital. Box 2990, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery, baking over 2
bbls. a day; store trade only; kept by the
present owner 16 years; retiring from busl-
necs cause of sale. Box 3199, Call.. -,
FOR sale — Branch bakery, laundry office, etc.;
2 living-rooms; near large school; cheap.
Address box- 3000. Call. -'
$500— PARTNER wanted in profitable business;
ordinary business experience required; no
agents. Room 10. 035 Market st. .
WANTED — To buy business for cash; will In-
vest about $1500 or $20C0; no agents need
apply. Box 3193. Call office. :
ROUTE for sale — A route on' this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St., Santa
Cruz. Cal. .
f450— RESTAURANT suitable for man and
wife; gocd business; must be sold. Box 3154,
Call office. » •"
FOR Sale — A good planing mill in a lumber
- yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 45'J, Healdsburg. Cal.
FOR sa!e — Saloon. Inquire 013 Sansome st.;
cheap. •" . ' " ; * ;¦'; : V r . „• •— '¦
FOR sale cheap: established dental office; best
location. Address A. B. C. Oakland.
FOR SALE — First-class fruit and vegetable
store. Call 557 Geary st : .
BAKERY for gale; shop trade; over 2 barrels a
day. Box 3C2C. Call.
CANDY store and factory with living room for
gale account illness. 2474 Mission st.
LODGING-HOUSES I "OH SALE.
bO-ROOM HOUSE. SURE TcTcLEAR . '. .'.'. '..'.
...$30Q EVERY MONTH. PRICE $3500.:.
Payments to suit. DECKER. 1020 Market.
59-ROOM HOUSE
¦ Price Only $1900; Payments ;..
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
3G ROOMS: 2 entrances; clears $200 $l!>00 j
14 rooms; worth $800 500
10 rooms; only «00
' 24 rooms; near Powell and Geary ' 1850 |
: 18 rociri*; sunny corner 1O0O ;
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250 ;
23 rooms; clears $100 950 ;
100 rooms; clears $400 C000
10 rooms; on Eddy Et TOO
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 7JMS.
A^— Near the Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71» Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
Bite free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call. .
21 r.: fine location; clears $115 mo $1500
30 r.; Frlendid. "sunny corner that dean $103
month; on account of sickness owuer will
tell for part cash or exchange for smaller
rooming-house or for real estate $4000
23 r. ; low rent: clears about $C0 month.. COO
10 r. : rent $.•«: clears $:^> 300
A. CAMERON &. CO..
W--.'A85O Market st and S Stockton «t.
Rooms 21. T2 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
SPECIAL SALES
10* r. : low rent. Ions lease: flrst-class. modern.
6 r.: modern flat: rent $40: elegant ?t>50
U r.; prl. board.; lst-class loc; clears $200.3500 j
2S r.; rent $125; trar.s., perm.; clears 150 |
24 r.:rent $85; elegant fur., carp.... 2500 1
17 r.: rent $45: cor.; oak fur.: clears $100. 850
11 r. : Jones rf«ld»nce: nice home 600
CLEAR ; TITLE OR NO SALE
CALL ON RETSLOFF— HE CAN SUIT YOU
8 rooms; owner sick: murt sell $200
12 rooms; corner: clears $45...'. 52%
100 rms.; grand cor.; clears $500: paymts 5500
21 rooms; Al location; payments 1000
8 rooms: just listed: pood 300
15 rooms: well turn? shod: barcain 1230
35 rooms: clears $200; exclusive sale.. 3000
10 rooms; best In city: paym«r.ts 600
Money to Iran. A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 531.) 906 Market st. cor Ellis.
A — NOTICE — All buyers of lodging-houses will
find it to their advantage to call upon us.
We have a great many large and small
houses on our books and stand ready to give
you reliable information and help you with
rnnney at low rate of interest. WINSTON &
WOLF. 1126 Market rt: phone Jessie 2211;
photograph g-allcry entrance.
jl ii! STANTON'. real estate nnd business
chanc* ngent: removed from 34 Kearny st to
777V* Market st: hundreds of lodging-houses ,
and biisinPM chances. .. 1
A NOTICE — We have roomlnff-houfes. all
sizes and prices, in nil parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO.. 7fl!> Market st. — We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying investigate our list ¦ ,
A WE buy, f»11 or exchange lodaring-houses of
any kind. • STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny et
; , . SPIRITUALIS3I.
A — C. V; MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. : 50c. ' 1084 Bush St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin 10S6 — Seancea Sun..
Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings. 10-5.
A— PROF. GEE. l«l Sixth >t: readings. 50c,
$1: circle Tues._ Thur.. Fri. night. 10c
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mr*. C. J.
Meyer: fittings dally: teft to all to-nlghtlOc.
clairvoyants.
one~dollar! • • • - .one dollar!
. . clairvoyant— palmist,
sir henry prichard.
., Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry readlnj and
know thy fMture and prospects for 1902.
$1 00! St 00! $1 00! $1 00!
His Regular $5 CO Readins'Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ...ONE DOLLAP.
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic .troubles, nettles . lovers' quarrels, . re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
bow to overcome all enemies; gives. full eecret
how to control cr influence any one you love
cr meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 0
Sundays.
Reception iroms. 13. 14. first fioor. - •
1104— MARKET. STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. I
THE FAMOUS *~>.
Clairvoyart and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bld«r. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
tcrlptlon of the past, reveals the . present hap-
penings and portrays events, to occur In .the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult ' this great
medium and you will be told -how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all cffalrs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45K).
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranco
medium. Is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
20: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; eend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
.A— LINCOLN', CLAIRVOYANT, ~
' _. , HIGH PSYCHIST.'
- The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast*
he succeeds when nil others fall; permanently
'ocated nt 125 Turk st; readings by mail.
THIS NOTICE AND loTcENTS* 7 " '¦ r ~T~
Just T.hat you want to know; choice of three
expert .palmists and . clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 007
Kearny st. parlors l.:2. • 8.
MME. ARNDT. the crreat clairvoyant, tells past
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
¦recrr-t: shows picture future husband or wife-
fee 2r»c nnd. tip; eatl«factlon to evcrvbody-
open Sundays: hours." 10 to S p. m. ?I5>4 Cth!
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & cari
reader, born with <Joub1»> veil — second sight-
diagnoses diseases with life rer.dlng:ladlps."jbc
gents $1; palm, nnd clalr. elt; $1 T>0. 12C Turk!
A— MIS5? M. ' WILLE. 32GA - EllTjT; f clairvoyant
crystal seer: reads your life correctly. without
»JH?*j : _I u L'_n anlc ' > COc-$l; 10 a; m. to 8 p."-m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana •
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 202 Minna st; nr,:4th.
CARD- reading; .ladies. 10c; gentlemen 25cT;
hours •! . to S. . fi25 Minna ¦ st - ¦ . • ..*.',-
MRS. BROWN; clairvoyant, caid reader: la-
dies 2£c; gents 50c; readings daily.' 132 Sixth..
VO Y AXTS— Con 1 1 11 ned. J
1SMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant "and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from: 10 -to 12. a. m.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant: scl-
. entlflc palmist; card reader. 1007% 'Market.
MME. ZELLA. clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and 50c. 783V£ Market st. ; bring this ad.
MRS. LA VON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
" '. or no pay; 25c and 50c." 959 Folsom, cor. 6th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium. price $1. 019% Leavenworth st., S. F.
MRS. B. -Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlEgusted with : poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, rela Id. 104 14th st:tel.Capn 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM fir CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning: laying; clean-
Ing or. floor. Phone Mint '301:. 023 -Mission."
RUDOLPH & CO... carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mission 2<TC.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning . Works. .
33.1 Golden Gate ave..: telephone East 12(5.
CITY Ste'am Carpet-beatlr.g , Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr- 33-40 8th st. : tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlne Co.. 240 14th utt tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, Cth
floor, 010 Market st; advice free. Tel. Bush
1R4: able body of attorneys. ' < ¦
COTTAGES TO LET— FURNISHED.
TO let— Completely furnished modern 6-room
cottage; water free; piano. Apply 1073
Sixtieth st. Golden Gate. Oakland. .,
DENTISTS.
A^DR. T.sThIGGINS" B2Y MarketstT^mma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pyre gold fillings, $1 50; other 1111-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. , . '
Painless extraction. - '
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT -prizes for best crowns, i plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by ,my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free: prices
. cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. '
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S00 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions dons pain-
lessly ;teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns.$3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to O p. m. ; Sundays,
_» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. ?3 50;fillings 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results.' W. C. HARDING.M.D.. dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister et. ;palnless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fllllngs,50e.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 0 Eddy'st. — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
COc. N. Y. Dentists. 069 Mission, SE. cor Cth.
SET of teeth without plate. " DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. >
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Oeary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, fix-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist
late of- New York City, has just located at
906 Jones st. where he will adminster to th«
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
nOG. HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTItKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class ratfs; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WAI.
PILGER. 121 Poet, over O'Connor & Moffalt
""^EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellid
6ts. ; 15-week courses, beginning January C;
bookkeeping course ?5, electrical course. $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $1;
classes in algebra, Anglo-American history, 1
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assayiiv,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English,, free-hand draw-
, ing, geometry. German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, raval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. A.V-
ply at olflce for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA. Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary-
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI.
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
. practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
speling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or ary
Stanford : professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters 'of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship |50; catalogue.,
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Halle t School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
I modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER * College— Shorthand, tyj>-
ing. practical bookkeeping.- Rooms- 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, «>lec., mining, meeh, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $G0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
. moved to Native Sons'- Hall, 414 Mason st.
SHORTHAND taught by 'mall and personally.'
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 002 Montgomery st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
le*8on«, 00c; piano for practice. SO Fifth st.
C. Hoffman. European tenor • & w>lce builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratario. .1017 Sutter.
VIOLTN. mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
• teacher* 1C08 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
. Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $C mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTQN'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night olass. ' 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. - 24 Post st, S. F.;
. founded 1803; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
l etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 MissIon.nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT/ OFFICES. :
A. & NAKO. GOO Bush st; Main. 1040— Japan-
•' -ese contractor and. employment office; con-
tracts taken for general farming, help, sugar
beet field help, canneries or factories. -
A— JAPANESE : reliable ' house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page,'.cor.Lyon;tel.Fcll S501.*
I JAPANESE and: Chinese : best help; cook, and
! waiter. '421 Port. GEO. AOKI ; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
, Best help. 411'/* O'Farrell st; tel., East 420/
¦ RELIABLE Japanese-Ch Inese I Employment O f-
I flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton ;Jtfaln: 5188.*
JAPANESE : Intelligence Office— Furnish .most
reliable help. . 524 Bush et. ; tel. Bush 510. „ , v
• ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^Japanese. 1 Chl-
' neso help. 426 PoweH.nr.Sut>er:tel. Black 5072.
. EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALK.
TWO trained nurses," one Germany cook,' all. best
y of references, wish • situations. * J.> F.' CRO-
SETT fc CO., 334. Sutter st: ; ,; . ;
POSITION- as housekeeper by . neat;. -capable,;
elderly ¦ woman with ¦ references : ¦> good •. plain
cook and. laundress;^ likes children;' wages
$12. month. -Box 29S9,' Call. office. \. :.
MIDDLE-AGED German - person '. wants ¦ . place
for light : housework and plain - cooking; . Call
". at 3 Leonard place off •• Lcavenworth st
1 near Turk. -, ; :
CAPABLE woman, wants .work by. day; .wash-
ing, : ironing, house or '.window; cleaning; ref-
erences.. Address Laundress, . Call branch, 300
1 Hayes st. . ¦ - / - • - > -,, . -,;,.,
ESIPLOYMENT * ; WASTED FEMALE.
POSITION, wanted by a plain reliable German
woman, .with 2 girls, O'/6 and 2& years old,
¦ in a. good family, .in the country only, for
cooking and general housework; no objection
to children. Call or address MRS! ABEL,"
717. Howard st. near Third. ; .
A WOMAN wants a situation to do : general
housework in small American family. ' Call
at 17 Hawthorne, bet Folsom and Harrison.
YOUNG lady ¦ wishes a place to . take car* of
¦•¦ children in country- or city; no work. Box
; 2987. i Call office. - a
FRENCH lady wishes to take care of children;
good home. 919 Pacific st
GERMAN woman wishes any kind of house-
S' 0^,,??, °SZ' or restaurant work. MRS.
SAMMEL. 9^ Welch gt. (rear). , ¦
NURSE night or day, or would go as house -
. keeper. 44 Freelon st . - r .
WANTED— Position ae housekeeper, about Jan-
uary 1, for 1 or 2 elderly people, by middle-
a-ged American woman. Address box 2380,
Call office, Oakland.
DRESSMAKER, experienced in tailor and
fancy suits, wishes a few 1 customers by the
day, or will take work home. 029 Pine st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third 1st.', near Mar-
et 7Z rootns : 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $« week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT^ WANTED— -MALE.
GARDENER, Englishman, would like a situ-
ation as gardener for private family; 6 years'
practicar experience in California. Address
C. L.. 217 Third st.
WANTED— Position by ¦ experienced farmer
and, fruit grower, understanding laying out,
planting of vineyard, orchard, etc. Box 3030,
Call office.
YOUNG man, with typewriter desires a posi-
tion as stenographer ' and assistant book-'
keeper; moderate salary; references. Ad-
dress box 2083. Call office. -
WANTED— By elderly~w7de awake American,
work with private family; city or country.
Address box 317C, Call office. , -
BUSINESS man desires position as ' bookkeeper ;
long experience; best references. Box 3105,
Call office.
Y °UNG man, American, wants place to work
while attending school ; ha3 had experience
with horses. Box 3197. Call office.
WANTED— Situation for bright boy as errand
or. office boy. G7 Rausch st., bet. Seventh
and Eighth. Howard and Folsom. •
A YOUNG man (married), aged 20, expert
horseman and driver, good all-around man,
willing and obliging, can drive truck or sand
wagon, acquainted . with the city, wishes
work of any kind. Address J. B., 4-13 Valen-
cia st; telephone Mission li: ' ,
A GARDENER, single, German, understands
propagation of plants, pruning, grafting,
- greenhouse work, can milk cow. handy with
tools, wishes position. - Address Gardener,
Baldwin House, 30 and 32 Ellis st.
A SINGLE, temperate, . experienced private
coachman, good references, wants situation;
city or country: private family only. Ad-
dresa Advertiser. • 1123 Sutter st ¦
A RELIABLE man, 25, 'would like work In a
wholesale house or t'.rlve a team of any kind;
knows the city well; best .of references.
2422B Greenwich st.
— ¦ »
A YOUNG man of 25 wants position to drive
delivery wagon of any kind, or would work
In- packing-house; . 8 . years' experience In
;lrted fruits; good references. Box 2997. Call.
WANTED by well educated, energetic and.re-
*, liable young man of 2fl. salaried position,
$<5; six years' experience In office work;
thorough accountant. Box 3118. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class creamery
operator; married. E. E. C, 18 Rose ave.,
. Oakland.
BAKER foreman, steady and competent, wants
- place.'' Address Baker. 225 Third st, Oakland.
COMPETENT middle-aged man, weight 215.
best of references, wants position as watch-
man. Box 2379, Call office.
WANTED — By bright German, position to so-
licit and collect; best of references given; also
bond or cash security. Box 3183. Call office.
A TOUNG man with good recommendations
wishes position in store or to drive small de-
livery wagon. Address 1286 Eddy st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
EXCHANGE.
"WANTED — To sell or exchange, a Chlckering
, parlor grand piano for good upright with bo-
nus to owner of grand.. Address S. S., box
3106, Call office. ,
COMPANIES a promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast, Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and' bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
N FLATS TO LET.
OAK, '1909 — Flat to let and furniture for sale;
•new; 'never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
'-' looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock, t
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished -attic:
elegant location, view and grounds; NW. cor.
Waller and Portola, bet. Pierce. and Steiner.
RELIABLE party to take flat, 6 furnished
- rooms, and board man and wife. 20S4 Mar-
ket st. . r ; ":- ;.'¦
NEW flat, 5 rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. 23 Merritt st, bet 17th and 18th.
SUNNY modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.- 965
Golden Gate ave., opposite Jefferson square.
FLATS TO LET. — FURNISHED.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, 1
year, with reference. Box 3049, Call. -.'
FURNITURE FOR SALE. '
ELEGANT new " furniture and carpets: will
sell whole or parts. ; 1912 Flllmore st. near
Bush; flat 3. > , .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50Twlth No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.;. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for *ale at a bargain.
350 Corbett road. bet. 1 18th and 19th sts. -
WILSON buv« all kinds of > household goods.
1710 Market st; tel. South 413. ¦
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
prlae for second-hand furniture; tel. Red i;t3L"
TEL.' ¦ Jessie 7(31 before "selling furniture, car-
pets, piapos. etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
' GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Danlchen* glove order;
factory price guar. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
H ELI' WA\ TEU- -V'KM ALE.
MRsTm! E. DAY" & " CO ¦ .V . '. Phone Main 1575
fe»T .-. TT: ... ¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Arm waitress. -: Nevada, $25. fare paid; arm
waitress, restaurant. $6, room and board,
"short distance, fare paid; waitress, commer-
.clal hotel, $22 50, fare paid; 15 waitresses,
city and country hotels. $20 and $25; 2 cham-
bermaids,. $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20;
¦;¦, woman cook, $40; 2 dinner waitresses/ $12
and $15..:.....rC.. ........¦...-..¦.:.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . .......
2 cooks, $30; second girl, San Rafael, $25.
"see lady here: 2 sisters as cook and second,
. $15. small family; many other choice, reliable
¦ places. 7.. .... .'.--. .;. .7. ."....¦..*... . ... :: . ;. .. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ....... . . 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for family, ' Monterey County,
"- no wash, see /lady : in office, ' $35; cook and
second girl, same house. - short distance, $25
and $20; 6 second girls.: $20 and $25; 8 wait-
resses' for. city and country family hotels, $20;'
6 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7 a week: 4
¦ chambermaids," wait one meal, • $20; 0 cooks,
' plain wash; $30; S girls, general housework in
'¦-' small families. $25; cook, family • boarders,
; $:i5 ; . and many ; others. . J. F. CROSETT ; &
CO., 334 Sutter st
A YOUNG girl of~16 to assist with light house-
. work; no.washlng; go to school if so desired.
MRS. H. TAYLOR, 1823 Pacific ave.. Ala-
ii *neda. -¦ k
EXPERIENCED, girls wanted to work on
coats;apply Saturday morning, S. N. WOOD
.& CO., 27 Geary st. ¦ ¦-¦::,.'
; WANTED— Flrst-class "' millinery trimmer;
" state age, experience, salary: expected and , by
: whom ; previously . employed. :, Box 3171. Call."
A NEAT, young girl, living near the park,' far,
. very> light housework ; ¦ sleep , at home. - Apply
' ». 228 Frederick et.- near Clayton.: ' ' ;y-,-v?
¦ EXPERIENCED , operators > on "-¦ welted , work ;
• large Singer \ machines. ¦ Carson Glove : Co.-,
35 Market st. , •
'A .YOUNG -.woman to help care ¦ of baby " and
¦"•assist in house; ;no cooking; $20 and 'found.*
; Box 2991.; Call. « ¦ ..;-<¦
WANTED— Neat "¦ girl :, for : general housework ;
. i must- be good plain cook;? no washing; refer-
enaes , required. ¦ Apply 2148 Sutter. st.
50 OPERATORS on ladies', waists. ".' 656 Mission
' st... foli rth' floor.-. ? ' . .;.',:. u"
WANTED-^Tallors. BOOS BROS,; 25 to ; 37
- : ' r Kearny.'- it." : -.; ¦ ¦ .*.'. , ¦
GLOVE '-- operators ' and ' apprentices; ' steady
work. B. BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 25 Battery.
-J* F-T'TP y* rA y^f E t>— FE3» AXE— Con. _^
NEAT ' girl,. general housework, plain cooking;
2 in family; $10 month. . Call mornings, up-
per fiat,', 1225 Webster St., Oakland. ¦
GERMAN, or Scandinavian woman -for general
housework; 2 In family; wages $20. 2416
Webster st. '. --. •--.•• "¦¦,'.-
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands on
suits and waists. Call 107 Post st '
REFINED ! girl for second work and waiting;
' - : call between 10 and 12. ¦ 2203 Buchanan St. .
GIRL to clean glass samples. U. S. Glass Co.,
18 Sutter st. ¦¦-¦.-•¦..--.-
STEADY, respectable girl; light housework;
3 in family; $15. -1916A Golden Gate ave.
WOMAN for washing at home: German pre-
. f erred ; call ! Sunday p. m. 237 Golden Gate.
50 OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 656 Mis-
sion St., fourth floor. '
50 GIRLS to learn to operate; paid while learn-
lng. tS56 Mission st, fourth floor.
GOOD restaurant waitress wanted. 631 Clay
¦etreet. ?
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. C31 Clay at
LUNCH waitress wanted. People's ¦ Restau-
rant. 631 Clay st. . ' ' . : '. '
A GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
after 10 a. m., 1053 Market St., upstairs.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, J2H Fremont st; no experience
r.e<KEeary: good pay, steady work.. Apply to
i:r. davis. . .
CALIFORNIA College of Halrareselng and
Massage; leading school of the West; prepares
young ladles for the latest and most profit- |
able profession for women; full course $.>.
Supreme > Court bldg.. 305 Larkin st; take
elevator; visitors welcome. - . .
WANTED— A good Swedish or Norwegian, girl
for- general housework; must be good cook; 4
adults In family; references required; call
Saturday, between 9 a. m. and 2 p. m. 14
Broderick st. .
AN elderly German lady to . take • care of two
children; must have some experience as gov- I
erness; state religion; salary. $30 and found. ;
Box 2004, Call office. \ - ¦. j
WOMAN wanted, refined and educated, of good j
appearance; must be over 30 and competent I
Box 3194, Call office. . {
A GIRL to do light housework in Alameda; 2
in family; good home; references; $2 a week.
¦ Box 2606, Call office.
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call at
270C Sacramento st. .
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to do' light
t housework; plain cooking. 1013 Treat ave.
A : GIRL wanted to do upstairs and wait at
table. 2328 Pacific ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 109tJ
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED—MALE. j
A — MURRAY & READY Phone Main C348
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
i . . . . .OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY. .
2 miners who understand timbering for a
¦gold mine $75 j
2 carpenters, ranch $52 and found j
Hostler, truck stable, city. $40 j
Choreman and wife, good Job.. $45 and found j
4 plow teamsters, large ranch south ;
..... / . $30 and found |
Furnace man for mine $65 and, house
8 machinists machine hand planing mill
15 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
50 wood choppers and tie makers.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, plain hotel; $40; 5 cooks, different,
places; restaurant cook, $14 week; German
waiter, $30; 4 waiters, city and country;
kitchen help. . /
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary st
Railroad Work. Free Fare
20 drillers and headers $2 to $2 60 a day
20 muckers .'. $2 a day-
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare i
Blacksmith for Central America, $3 50 a day
and board, see boss here. - •¦
v; HOTEL DEPARTMENT
/Head cook, country hotel $75
' Short-order cook, hotel, country.......... $75 j
' Fry cook, city ....'.. $70 1
Steward, country hotel ..'....$50
Baker, ¦ country hotel, $40, -fare advanced; 20
kitchen hands, dishwashers and others, $20
to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
GROCERY clerk for country, young single
.man, $45; setter for mill, $60 to $75; 2 fruit
farmers and wives, $40 and found: farmers.
$1 day: young- German to drive milk wagon,
$30 and found; laborers for country, $2 day;
woodchoppers, tlemakers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
SECOND butler, $35 and found; 2 restaurant
cooks, $60 month and $14 week; lunch cook
and porter, $25;. boarding house cook, coun-
try, $40 and found; waiters, dishwashers and !
others. J. F.' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Person in each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide - weekly cash salary $18 paid each
' "Wednesday, with all expenses . direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses;
inclose self-addressed stamped envelope.
Manager, 320 Caxton bldg, Chicago.
YOUNG man 18 to 20, stenographer and type-
writer and to assist on books; no knowledge
of bookkeeping necessary- Box 3175, Call.
WANTED — First-class experienced floor walker
for dry goods store; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 3172, Call, h
WANTED — Partner at once with $100; old-es-
tablished business requiring two; a rare op-
portunity. Address 1016 Market st, r.10. .
GOOD barber' for Saturday. 433 Pine st.
2 BARBERS wanted. 644 Clay st
BARBER wanted Saturday evening and Sun-
I day morning. 394 Sixth st. ;£,
BARBER wanted for Saturday. '- 39^ Turk st
BUSHELM AN wanted ; good wages. PAU-
SON & CO.. 200 Kearny st • r,
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d>sts.
LUNCH waiter" wanted. 225 Grant avenue.
MAN wanted to work on ranch.' Girls' Dlrec-
' tory, Central ave: and Waller st
WANTED— Lasters on men's shoes. 26 Main
at., WENTWORTH-SWITZER Shoe Co. '
WANTED — Strong boy about 13 to run errands.
106 Pine st.," upstairs.
A GOOD cook. 434 Fifth st.
WANTED — Errand boy. • Flower store. 317
Sutter st. ¦ ¦ .
GET your shoes half-soled while watting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Practical gardener; single man pre-
• ferrcd. Apply 215 Hayes st. *«
WANTED — Old man to take care of place.' 30
Hannah st, Watts Tract, Oakland.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
1 S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
S less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. , For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office," 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation' guaranteed;
catalogue - mailed free; discount this month.
.Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
v that • Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, ¦ etlll
runs Denver. House, 217 Third st; 150 large
*.'¦ rooms; 25c, per night; $1 to $2 per, week.
i MEN. to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
; mand;.only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. - • MOLER'S BARBER COL-
; LEGE, C35 Clay st ; , , /:• ¦' .:
BOYS wanted, , 10 years of ¦ age and upward;
wages ' $1 per day. , Apply at Rope Works,
-. Potrero. .. - -'•.¦; ' ••'.:¦:•¦
WANTED— Business man capable . presenting
•new proposition; salary." Call 9-12; -r. 45/ 819
' Mkt.S. F., or 41 Macdonoughbldg., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical •' draughtsman ¦ and
: designer for detail work on heavy machinery;
. state experience In detail. ' Box 3101, Call.
TAILOR for repairing clothing.' 655 Clay" st ¦
WANTED — Boy for mercantile house." Address.
• stating age, box 3198, Call office. *
YOUNG * man to do ," janitor . work '¦ and ¦ learn
trade at S. F. Barber^ College,' 741A Howard'
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
,. hand shoes for sale i 50c up. .-- 241 Third st -
'ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
: propositions. A; -E.' Co.,': 1413, Call -building. , '
600 MEN, to buy neW'and 2d-hand army shoes,
t 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.nr. 6th.
PENilON,?atty.; E. A. 'Bullls,. 3,- 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo.' H. .Thomas Posf'G.A.R.
SAILORS," ordinary, for ships for all parts of
. the ; world./. HERMAN'S, ,. 20 ¦ Steuart st. -'
WINCHESTER House, '44 Third st; 1 near Mar-
. ' .¦ ket— 200 ¦ rooms. ¦ 25c -, night ; X reading * rooms ;
free Ibus • and ¦ baggage ¦. to and from ferry. ': \,
, A; BRANCH, of flee, for Call advertisements and
¦ .subscriptions ¦ has ' been ; ; established ; at ; 1098
-.Valencia 'st. , ¦ ' ;. ,:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at, Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
...... y
HORSES AXD WAGONS. .
BEAUTIFUL span Palomemo carriage horses.
4 and 5 years old. 16^ hands high; full
- brothers; standard bred. For particulars,
132S Mission st; horses at S19 Thirteenth
St.. Oakland. , ' ¦ ¦ ¦' - *-
DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wednes-
r day, Jan. 8. at 11 a. m., at the Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. '_^
FOR -sale at a bargain, well advertised horse
. market: complete outfit for breaking and
-handling horses; • low rent; good location.
Box 307C. Call. .¦;¦'¦ - ; ¦*
30 HEAD of fine draught horses; weight from
1200 to 1600. For further information apply
at 1238 Stockton st. - . -.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
' VILL MFO. CO.. 4S Eighth st.
400 FINE young mules for sale or exchange.
Parker's ranch, Lockford. or A. F. BOOKER,
Stockton. - ' : -' ¦¦
HORSE, $20; mare, $25; also big plow horse
and coal wagon cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. Jor.r. H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. avf.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MODERN 2-story furnished house; best part
Alameda; $30 month. Write with references
F. W. D.. care Johnson-Locke Merc. Co.,
123 California st.
HOUSES - TO LET— FURXISHEP.
10 ROOMS, beautifully furnished: good house;
everything new. 2511 . Sacramento st.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp Irritations positively
cured, Icdies or gentlemen, by medicated
massape treatment: consultation free. MKS.
HARTLAND, Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post.
LOST AM) FOUXD.,
1 LOST — A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KNUD JANSEN, No. 174-502. The
finder will please return to bank. r<
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MICHAEL McGUINNESS. No. 114-
788. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Mastiff bitch doz, on corner pf East
and Mission; reward. Return corner East
and Mission. .
LOST — Diamond heart brooch: $50 reward.
Return CARRAJJ & GREEN. 220 Sutter st.
LOST — Pearl opera-glasses In black crocheted
bag, Wednesday, Jan. 1, at 2 p. rn., on Fill-
more st.,, bet. Golden Gate ave. and Turk
st. Return to 1015 Fillmore ft; reward.
1 LOST — Sealskin 'collar on Pine St., between
Van Ness ave. and Jones st Return to The
- Colonial Hotel anS receive re-ward.
LOST — A memorandum-book. If finder will re-
turn It to 617 Davis, city, will receive reward.
LOST — Black curly bob-tailed ) dog; name
"Bob." Return to S. P. Co.'s general bag-
gage room, ferry depot; $10. reward.
LOST — St. Bernard yellow and white bitch
pup. Return to 175 Chestnut gt; reward.
LOST— Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny; reward. 626 California st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Wai.cn Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and Mlver to make new watch cases.
M ACH IN E WO KKS.
' ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento st.
I builds models and experimental machinery:
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRI3IONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for Il3t. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
"MATTRESSES AM> 1'ILLOWS.
j TO order, also cleaned and setrilized, uphol-
; stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st: tel. Bush ill. - - .
DBJ O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
I medicines save beau used for many years by
thousands ; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by. my medical treatment: fre«
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; ill classes of female complaints
'treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. Cr.
. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St. opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
1 Berlin. In midwifery cases; takes ladles betore
- and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment, $15; room and board, $5 week; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
• residence. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies' specialist ;>
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement 210 Eddy st. near
Taylor, fcrrroily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.'
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st. opp.' Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 122S Market st. ; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of 'treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement - 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. 'Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
st., near 26th; avoid delay: same low fees.
DR. - NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
_MISCEL.l*AJIi EO
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st
FOR sale — A Schoninger New Haven orchestral
organ, in perfect order; suitable for church
or Sunday-school; worth $200; will sell cheap
for cash or will trade. Call bet 4 and 7 p.
m., or address W. H., 628 Golden Gate ave.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
.- lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
8. WHITE, 516-520 Mission st
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, S3 Stockton
st.. upstairs. • , • .
FIREWOOD. $2 per load delivered. iE cT
PITCHER & CO., Sixth and Hooper sts. ;
- phone South 375. ;-.'-.'
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
I CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
2 BLACK teams; brewery or hacks; $350 each.
Star Stables. 2125, Mission st'
FOR ' sale — Fresh Jersey cow for family use.
3878 Mission st .
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel
- lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
OLD . Schweitzer violin. 18J5, worth $230. only
$00. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office, '25 Stockton st
2G-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined $5/
MlsSt Parlors. 23 Stockton at. . .— .
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERTGAN. 1302 Webster: tel. Jackson 132L
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-band. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in, stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ' ¦¦ > -
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
. and launches. J. E DOAK, oOC Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st. -~ -
SAFES — New and second-hand. • THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.: 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
: bought, sold. Krogh Mfff. Co., '0 Stevenson.
NEW- Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth."
BARioutflts. showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-band moving plc-
tures. BULLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any; address In the
United States or, Canada one year for- $1
postnee paid. - - . ' ••.-"•.
MISCELLANEOUS \VANT3.~
WILL pay ¦ cash and good prices " for old seal-
Eklns. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.,
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Pth st : tel. : Folsom 232"_».
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand cftuhlng bought
& sol<L,Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom ;tel.Fo'.somli01.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
\
aiOXEJ-JTO^LOAN.^^,
HKRM AN JJUiTPil X'. W>3 Kxamlner building.
- " ii3 0U,IM> at lowest rates ........
'on first anti becond mortgages
""-* ,\. Life Intefeita in estaie3
... Property beins hdlU !n trust
Undivided interests in real estate .
Life insurance policies, estates in probate
Financial problems o£ all sorts and sizes..
If You Need" Money ....
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at u^ & C per cent in sums to s-Uit:
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, liie insurance and aeeurl-
tiea; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate anU legacies.; win pur-
chase a' ove securities. Tel. Red 0024. J*AN-
HVTTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocktfr big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get m? terms before doing business elsewher*
..R. McCOLGAN .'....;
24 Montgomery st. room 3 -
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room It's
1st Hoor.Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1S«3:
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
'jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt. ; tel. Black S471.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount: lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO., 927 Market St.. room B13.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Sin
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at B per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. : any amt ; low-
est rates: private. Ormsby. 28 Montgomery at
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party no removal: no commission; confiden-
ts!. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
aw: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture: S5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
3"!. ON furniture and Pianos: $15 up; no re-
'moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commla.: confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott hMg.
— i, -
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 115 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without lndorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
r>l»n. ¦Western Lr>an fo.. Soft Photan W«1?.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED^Loan of $300 at 1 per cent a month;
good security. - Box 2006. Call office.
SICSICAL IS'STUCMESTS.
A GOOD thins to remember— We are not
conducting a "fake" sale of pianos nor sell-
Ing for less than cost; neither are we giv-
ing pianos away for the sake of getting them
out of the house: no reliable or honest firm
does, or claims to do any of these things.
If you want a good piano at a reasonable*
price, we have Just what you want, aa you
can find out by calling. You can select
from WIssner. Decker & Son. Baumelster.
Steger or Singer. Payments accepted if you
do not car«? to pay cash. THE ZKNO
MACVAIS MUSIC CO.. ?8& Market «t.
AGAIN we remind you ihat our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
cf Chicago and Includes the most reliabla
makers to choose from. Nex» pianos sold upon
ea&y payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
EOHMER A CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
8PIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS. - •
, BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from *55 up. .
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURT A Z *
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerinc. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited if purchased:
installments S3 up: big- allowance for old
pianos; bargains $25 up In Stein ways. Heine.
Chickerinjr. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $S5; clx-octav«
Mason St Hamlin organ. $35: Steinway
square. $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $273: Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS Sk
SON. 23 Fifth st: IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any Um«
within 2 years and full purchase price «;-
lowed on a new peerlesa Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'FarTcll
st: established 135a : -
A STECK. Everett. Hardman. Ludwlg. Pack-
ard. ¦ Kingsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OUR r?ano*. the leading makers; price $100
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
Sacrifice account unforeseen circumstances, up-
right piano, magnificent tone. case. 543 Turk.
A FINE Conover cabinet grand piano for sal*
cheap. 1259 Mission st- •,.••«
PARTY going away; must rent, sell or stors
upright Steinway piano. Box 3136, Call.
$150/ — ON sale, upright grand: cost $600; mak»
cash offer. Room 36. 217 Geary st
$173 — A RARE chance; fine uprlght-
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$125— SCHLEIP UDright. excellent condition.
$75: Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'8. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Phonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargain*.
XEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OIL.
OIL- tanks, second hand. In good order: ail
sites: cheap. H. S. WHITE. BIB MHstnn »».
__._' ___ ; ; _ PALMISTK Y.
G. L. Neergaard. president St Germain Col-
¦ lege. reada 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. S15
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
1*ATK-Vr!» AXD 1«KAS»1O.\3.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
FEUSONALSf.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$13: with these suits we make an extra pair
¦ of pants free of charge; other salts on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. lEMOS. 1117 Market
st. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
nt by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
ana The Designer now ready. J. W. EVAN3
Domestic office. 1021 Market st, near Sixth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Wlncheste-
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms-
25c to $1 00 per night; $t 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC halrdre3slng, manicuring. shampoo-
Ing, etc., at moderate prices In America,'*
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
324 Post st; switches at bargain prices.
DO you write ads? • Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus
Ohio. ¦ . -
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MISS MARY. BURKE, who formerly worked" 111
San Mateo. will hear something to her. ad-
vantage by calling at 213 Fourteenth st
Shampooing. COc; wrinkles removed. COc; hal.--
dresslng. any style. 25c; the best switches.
$1. $1 50. $2. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques anil curios bought. Th« O'.cl
Curiosity Store. IIS Geary nt Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts. ¦ on,
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 15« 5lh.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. -1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mcles destroyed with,
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 3utUr K.;• GUTHRIE.'O. T.. Jan.S.^-The Creek Nation
ia being . overrun f by :: negro , lmmigrranta-'from
the ¦ Southern .. States, ; who ' come ¦ expecting ¦ to
find\rreft land. 'A'Darty of eijrhty-three more
arrived; yesterday. from Texas. I Governor;Por
ter "of , the 'Creeks has been called. upon; by his
people to : put ' a check • to • the influx. " .' \ — ¦
JRNiiHOTEL. ',
I 'J- Gender & w S Ros
E CStatler,^ Mo ".' • .
E- Tracy. Seattle '. :.,
O C Johnson, Denver
X A Bulgar, Martinez g
W T. Harake, Dawflori
A Roy, New Mexico ; -
T C Smith, Oakland <
Mrs Swan. L Ang.. -
Miss Goodwin, L Ang
-• .' ;,. NEW -WESTI
J R Bowen,' Colo •'
H J Raisch & w.Oakld
Mrs H BOrdway & 3
c, Garey, Kansas ,
Ed- York, : Kansas :
H - C TVebb, . Chicago
W AV.' Stanley; Cal y ;; .
Ji"Warneke,*Nebr:-- '
C T Cunningham. NY
H Beade. S Dak ; '
January, 190?.
CALL CALENDAR.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Heirs Reward Trustee.
Charles F. A. Talbot, trustee "of es-
tate of Andrew J. Pope, the deceased lum
berman", who died in this city December
18, 1878,' leaving an estate valued at sev
eral hundred .thousand ''dollars in. trust,
for. his sons and, daughters; , was . released
f rom . his ¦. trust: yesterday by .¦ order, • of-
Judge Seawell, he; having complied- with
the ¦ terms ~ of the testator's will. Talbot. '
William- T. -Babco'ck- and Jerome" Lincoln
were the original'trustees named by Pope."
Babcock resigned fas trustee, and Lincoln
died shortly after ; the ' Pppe will was.pro
bated. -Since then the estate has 'been
cared for solely by. Talbot. So well dW he
carry; out the terms of the will that the
Pope- heirs reguested. the court- that -he, be*
released from his ¦; trust" without " an-- a.c-r
counting.' : , .'"•'; ¦"¦>- *¦ '<¦;¦;: \ ¦¦¦> ; . ' -'.
'"¦'¦';¦ : ¦ ' ; -'• ¦•"¦¦ ' Friday, . January >• 8. i -
Stmr Navarro, Devltt. . ¦ >>¦:••¦ •'..-'•¦¦
' .: DOMESTIC PORT: y : " -':
¦ EUREKA— Arrived Jan S-^Stmrs Pomona,
San Pedro, Alliance, hence Jan 2; brig Geneva,
from San. Dle^o. '. ¦¦. * .
, Sailed Jan> 3 — Stmr Despatch, for'. Seattle.'-' '
I*ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
" Shortly after '8 o'clock about twenty Chi
nese, who have been. allowed to enter the'
theater without* paying for i the privilege,
appeared and demanded admission. When
the'- special watchman.'.who ' Is employed
at -the theater, refused to admit, them
theystarted ta assault him. After a brief
skirmish they were, put to flight, but not
until several heads of the attacking party
were broken. 1 i . - ¦¦';¦:•. :-. .- ,. ... . :
There came j near .being a ¦; rlo.t in | the
Jackson-street Theater .last night, due to
the refusal of .the manager to admit a
number of "dead : heads." . ¦';'¦.-. -
Bow. in Chinese Theater,
; .- CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
: ' ."•¦ •, FRIDAY,. Jan, 3— 4 p.-rn, ¦•
" Bid.Ask. .".'¦":. . ¦ Bid Ask.'
Alpha 01- 02 Justice ..;.:. 06 07
Alta ......... 06 08 Kentuck ;.:.. — 02
Andes 1 .'.;...". 01' '02 Lady Wash.. «01' •-• '
Belcher 10 11 Mexican . 36 '37
Best & Belch: 12"' 13 Occidental"... 08 0U
Bullion . .02 03 OphlrT..;.... 87 89
Caledonia .... 21" -23 Overman .... " 00 10
Challenge Con ,131 15 Potool ....... ' 11 * 12
Chollar ...... .06' 07 Savage, ..-05 08
Confidence .. ,65 60 Scorpion- .... — .04
Con Cal & V.I (53 1 70 Segr Belcher..- 05 0C
Con Imperial. * — . 02 Sierra Nev... "21. ~ 23
Con. New Yk. ¦ 01 ; — Silver Hill:... 45 48
Crown Point. ', 09 10 St Louis ....- 04
Eureka Con.. 20 • — Standard:... .3 '50 3 75
Exchequer ... • — , . 02 Syndicate' .;. :06' 07-.
Gould & Cur.. 07- -08 f union Con... 18 19
Hale !«'* 17 Utah ........ 06 07
Julia.'.::..... -f 01 YeUow Jacket .08 10
la . dismissing :. the _ writ, the Judge said
In his opfnibn there" was some: evidence
that the killing was the result of'a'pre
concerted'conspiracy, .and there was evi;
dence of a meeting of the petitioners pre
vious to the commission of the crime twitH
those' who committed It, and there was
evidence :- of, 1 contradictory statements
made by them, from which the 1 commit
ting magistrate" might"' 1 be justified In
drawing conclusions., Under section 31' of
the ; Penal Code', all persons Concerned in
the commission -of. a crime were princi
pals, whether -they aided and- abetted . in
its commission ¦" or whether, -.not being
present, >they had advised ' and encour
aged'its'commission." ; • \" . ¦ " . ¦'
- It certainly, could not '•¦ be' said- that the'
record in the'ease was devoid of: evidence
upon' which the magistrate might have
concluded that these defendants, although
absent at the time of the commission of
the crime,' did advise and encourage it.'- Of
course,' if -'they, -did advise and" encourage
it they were concerned in Its commission,
and whether they were on the car or not
and whether they were present, at all; or
not would-'be immaterial: . they. 'would
still, under section 31 of the Penal Code,
be principals In ' the crime 3 committed.
Judge Cook , yesterday dismissed 'tho
writ of habeas : corpus for the release" of
Edward Duncan and : Charles Donnelly,
who were 'held' to answer- by .Judge Mo
gan, alone .with - William. Buckley and
Thomas Moran, for the murder of George
W. Rice, -a •non-union machinist, at.How
ard and Sixteenth streets, on the evening
of October 11.: Duncan and Donnelly were
remanded' into the custody of. the Sheriff.
Trial for George W. Bice's
Murder. . •
They . Will Have ; to Stand \ Their
DUNCAN AND:. DONNELLY .. j
¦ REMAIN >_IN JAIL
- ' ; -. : -. - Morning Session. ..'. ' ¦
600 Best & Belch. 14 100 Occidental ... 09
100 Caledonia ..'. ' 22 600 Ophir ....*... 89
300 Con Cal & V.I 70 800 Potoel ' 13
200 C C i Va..l 67V/ 300 Savage 05
300 Con Cal & V.I 65 700 Sierra Nev... 21
400 Gould & Cur. 07 300 Sierra Nev... 22
200 Mexican ..... 42 200 Union Con. .. 19
300 Mexican .41 300 Union Con:.. 18
800 Mexican ...... 40 200 Utah 07
. Afternoon Session. v •
200 Belcher ...... -12 '200 Ophir 8S
.300 Best & Belch.. 13 200 Opbir '....... 87
300 Chollar ,. 01 600 Potoel....... 12
100 Con Cal 4 V.I t>5 600 8avage - 00
BO C-C & Va..l 62% ' 300 ' Scorpipn 02
400 Goujd & Cur. 08 900 Sierra Nev..'. 23
200 Hale & Norc. 15 100 Silver Hill... 50
200_Mexican •....., 40 500 St Louis ..... 05
200 Mexicfn 36 200 Union Con ... 18
200 Occidental . . . 08 300 Yellow Jacket 09
100. Ophir ...;... 8yj 600 Yellow Jacket -08
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange, yesterday: .. | -•
. . Morning Session.' , . ¦
800 Bullion .'..'... 03 300 Ophir .....,.'80
100 Chollar .. 08 600 Potosi ....... -12
200 Con Cal So V.l 65 400 Potosi ....... 13
200 Crown Point. 10 1000 Savage ...... 05
400 Gould & Cur. 08 100 Sierra Nev... 22
500 Mexican "..,;. -39 "300. Union' Con.'.: ' -19
90Q Occidental ... 09 200; Utah ....... v. 07
¦ - , . Af ternoori Session. '
300 Belcher .... . . 11 500 Potosi ....... 12
200 Belcher ....... 10 300 Savage 06
600 Best'A Belch. 14 200 Seg Belcher.. 05
100 Con Cal & V.I 65 1000 Sierra Nev... 23
.600 Gould & Cur. , 08 300 Silver Hill.;. BO
100 Ophtr. ........ 89 ,200 'Silver Hill... .49
400 Ophir ....... 88 500 Utah 00
The following were the sales in the .San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board ¦ yester
day: . , .. -.- .' .•.-:-•-. ¦.
MINING STOCKS.
Afternoon Session. " ' ' .'-. .,
Board —
200 Junction '..'„..;.'" .:.'.'.'. .......... » 23
100 Monarch ¦ of , Ariioria ,....' 21 - ;
200 Monte Cristo ....'................ 1 65'
100 Petroleum Center ..;*:..... 04
60 Sterling ...: .. ...... 1 17%
.Morning Session. - '¦ - -
Board — -. . . : : . ...
100 Chicago Crude ....::.; 25
4700 Four (b 90)...;.; 63
4600 Four -C ...,,...- 60
10O Home ,;;..;; . S 4O
500 Lion 08
500 Superior ....... .,' 07
¦ ; -Street • ' • ¦
1000 Cala-Standard .....\\... 35
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
The lectures,; which ; commencefl^thelr
twentieth ' annual*, course j last- evening,"
were designed by Dr. Lane that the pub-'
lie might.be lucidly informed of matters
pertaining.to- health. ,1 I . . -t*
The college,' the speaker s4id.- has- beten
wisely fourfded ,to instruct men and-wo
men to perform' very necessary ¦ duties , to
their fellow men' and the lecture hall was
conceived that errors ,.'; and -^prejudices
which were . detrimental,'might be dis
pelled and that- the people might be guid
ed by the' philanthropic-. lectures. .-.Tlie
lecturer then pictured the pestilential vis
itations and the consequent fatalities of
past' centuries, /when dire.' diseases ; were
heralded by^disturbancesof the elements
from Asia to -¦ Africa, . thence to- Europe.
He described the ravages, wrought by the
white. and the black plagues when mil
lions of lives were sacrificed, .when'nox
ious vapors brought death/when putrlfied
locusts in swarms even darkened the sun,
The' ravages in the Orient were* terrible
and in European countries- the visitations
of the black plague proved no.les»vshock
ing.- The doctors of those times, , heroic
as they x were. had admitted their Inability
to cope ; with' the pestilence, but medical
science in these times had so far advanced
and with. the. intelligence -of the people
that the plagues could never repeat .them
selves again. ' ' .
The lecturer proceeded • to thrash with
his logic those who opposed, or would op
pose, ."'the' progress" of medical science.
Me extolled Jenner and by figures, au
thoritative statistics i showed the advant
age of vaccination and applauded the pro
visions that required that all. children at
tending schpols must be vaccinated. He
desired- to prove to those whofeared vac-:
cination that at this period there was
absolutely no danger since the cultivation
and the- preservation of virus, was abso
lutely: perfect and. he wished -that .Cali
fornia would adopt •' the ' vaccine farms,
such as they have in. the East and North-,
west. He had no sympathy., he said, with
the class. that would put obstacles in. the
way of the good order of things— "the an
ti-viyisectionlst," "the anti-humanitar
ian" ; and "the anti-vacdnationist."
.* : Dr. ¦ Ellin.wood in regretting the enforcea
absence of -Dr., Lane -through: lndlsppsi-*
tlon spoke of his great; andi good work in
the Interest of medical science "and there
by ¦ for the . good ; of the , people. ; -»S -• '.: ¦ ¦ . . ¦
¦ Epidemics were . diagnosed and ¦ micro
scopically examined into last night at the
Cooper Medical \ College . ty.J Dr- c: N; BIt
linwood. , The lecturer; was ; introduced by
Dr. Henry Gibbons owing to the' absence
of j Leyl ', Cooper .' Lane, ': who 'was < tS " have
occuuiedthe chair.' : u v J: . ..: : . -L .
Lecturer benpunces All Who
Oppose Prevention Against :
V Disease. f ' . ;.•¦;;.' .
So Declares Dr. O. N.
Elliriwdod at Cooper :
- , " Medical College. (
¦ -_ : -STREET , RAILROADS, i •
California ;'.16O "— /Market V.. '.\ 89*4 90 Vs
Geary. ...... — „ 50%J Presidio .... 35^5 — . :
• - ; . v , . ;K powper^ . '; ,-\ ¦ . -,
Giant ........ 81 / .— ' vlvigorlt .•.'... — ;'.. 4%
"' . '¦¦¦ " '¦'¦ ""¦ sugar; ' i ¦.-'.
J|ana •• — - — Kilauea .... r— - : , 12 -
Hawaiian . .. ¦ 33% •' — ., Makawell ... 26% .— . - ,
Honokaa ... — — . Onomea.... 22 — .
Hutchinson . :14% — * Paauhau V... 10 ' 10V4
''j ' ' ' - MISCELLANEOUS. ;
Alaska Pack.l73H175 Pac A F A.. 2% — ¦
Cal Fruit As, -95 100- Pac C Borax. 165 — '
Cal "Wine As. 95 . — Far' Paint. .. 15 . —
Oceanic S C. 34% 35% ¦ " - . .'.-¦ <
r - ": Morning Session. V • • -•
' - ¦¦ Board — :.-.¦>.- ... ; . .- -, . •: .
,20 Alaska Packers' Assn 174 00 \
5 .California Fruit : Canners 98 00 .-.
¦ 10 Giant Powder Con ; .*...- 81 26 r
10. Giant Powder Con 81 00 •
25 Honokaa S Co ..;....... -...10 00 :
100 Hutchinson S. P .Co.. ....... .;..14 25 >
$2000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.121 62%
10 Oceanic S S Co ....;.. 37 80 •
. 10 Oceanic S S'Co' '...: ; 37 00 •
30 S F Gas & Electric Co. .......... 40 50" I
?2(KX>8 F &S J V.bondg...,..........122 00
105 Spring Valley Water ............ S6 OJ : '
. i Street— . .
100 Cal Wine Assn ......'........... 95 00
$20,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 124- 25
$1000 S F & S J V bonds... .',....122 00
?25,000 S V 1 per ct (3d mort) (b 3).. 101 00.
• -. .Afternoon Session. -
'¦'.: '.' : Board—" 'r. .." ' i: I . V • .'
¦. 10 Alaska Packers 1 Assn..,.. 174 00
50 Cal Wine Asaij ................. 95 0a
v 40 Giant Powder Con 81 25
.20 Giant Powder. Con 81 00
'60 MakaWeli ./...¦........¦.".......;. 28 00
25 Makawell .'.;......'. .:"... '..'.•..".. 27 00
12 Market Street Railway* .;."..... .V 90 <H>
$2000 Oakland- Water 6 per cent... ..-..102 60
10 Oceanic S- S'Co. ..-..-.-... '.-.< S5 SO
60 Oceanic S S Co (s 90)..... 35 OO
-V10 Oceanic S S Co'..., 35 00
•15 Paciflo Lighting ...; .V 45 00
113,000 S F &'S J Valley bonds,...,. 122 00. ••:
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 41 00
'15 SF Gas &. Electric "Co.". '....-..;. 40 7S
$1000 S P Callst con» 5 per cent.:.. 110 25'
.100 Spring Valley ' "Water ...'..."; 86 00
/¦'-¦--".. Street— . ¦ , .-...., ¦ . .
$3000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds.... 105 00l
$4000 Los Angeles Lighting 5 per cent. 103 25 •>
1 5 Market Street Railway ........... 90 00
EPIDEMICS CAN
NEVER SURVIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO X3ALL, SATURDAY, 1902;
COMMERCIALNEWS
ContJnu?cJ From' Page Ten,
13
""¦
• x -
...y.
*!
Moon'B Phajtfg
— I
~
fc 1
Rt
1
IE
•9'
ml
•'*:
,15 . January .1;
Last Qr.
glj^ January 0,
w New Moon.
10
JitT
-
:i3
Hi* 7
15,
fir
- — :
12
20
;27i
1 21;
;
! 2»j
h=:
25;
"la, Janu'ryl6,
J Flrat Qr.V;
/OjJanu'ry 23,'
Wyuii Moon.
/f? Janu'ry 31/
I
19
20
;soj
,31;
: — -
""¦
• x -
...y.
*!
Moon'B Phajtfg
— I
~
fc 1
Rt
1
IE
•9'
ml
•'*:
,15 . January .1;
Last Qr.
glj^ January 0,
w New Moon.
10
JitT
-
:i3
Hi* 7
15,
fir
- — :
12
20
;27i
1 21;
;
! 2»j
h=:
25;
"la, Janu'ryl6,
J Flrat Qr.V;
/OjJanu'ry 23,'
Wyuii Moon.
/f? Janu'ry 31/
I
19
20
;soj
,31;
: — -
rEn.SOICAX.S Contlnaed.
istig Cheng & Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 5CS G«ary. bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine etock of ladles' underwear.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.e.Moore, 332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
A. VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 7C3 Valencia St.. corner 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna St.
JEWELRV for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fcrshtand. 126 Kearny st., rm. 29.
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 96S Sutter: tel.Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
&: moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
Country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal coEtumer. 26 OTarrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE *cuite. $ 7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Psrlor, cor. Bush end Dupont.
PR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to itg natural color: $l;-at nil druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
;<r.--j Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
X>rt. tVONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, or. "Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; Eanitarlum,
764-766 Clay gt. : see testimonials at office. '¦¦
PtASING AXD TDRSISG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
KK-VL ESTAtE CXTV KOR SALS.
FoiT¥ALE^y^Sol£A^M^CSEE^&~foONsT'
5 Montgomery st.
WAREHOUSE AND MANUFACTURING
SITES.
$160,000 — 250 feet square on a corner near the
docks; masmiflcent site. i
f 120,000 — 275 leet oa Towneend et. tracks, with I
* depth of 137:6 feet; large brick ware-
house already on the lot; corner lot. !
$50,000— King and ISerry et. fronts with a
depth of 240 feet; switch can easily
be had into this lot; in the manu-
facturing district.
5S0.OO0 — Eight 5o-varas, with three frontages.
, 240 feet of which face^railroad tracks. 1
f 75,000 — 275 feet on Townsend Et. tracks, with
¦ «xtra large dejrth ; leased at present
for $225 a month,' :
f C0.O0O— Sixth st.; lar.d filled ln with clean i
rock and sand; fine site for factory j
' , or warehouse; three frontages; 65,000
square feet on solid clean earth. (
SCO.CCO— A full 50-vara in the northeastern j
part of the city, one block from ]
permanent water front and deep j
water; with old one-story brick build-
ing; fine buy for the near future.
$40,000 — 240 feet on Seventh et. tracks on
Southern Pacific and two other front-
ages; four 50 varas.
$43,000 — Bluxome et., with frontage on Bran-
nan; 137:4 on Bluxome, with brick
warehouse; also new warehouse on
Hra.nna.xi.
$3t(,000 — Great warehouse cite on Brannan st..
running back to rear street. 137: 6
feet on both streets; would pay splen-
¦ dldly as an investment If. built on. .
$25,000 — Townsend St.. ln • manufacturing,
warehouse and storage district; lot
70x270. - . -
(25,000 — Folsom St.. suitable for factory; two
frontages. 160 feet on ea^h street;'
over 45,000 square feet of- ground.
$22.500 — Corner - 50-vara en Townsend 6t.
tracks, with eood brick warehouse;
undivided one-half for sale; rents
$250 a. month,
$20,000— Four frontages of 1023 feet; will
lease this piece for 5, 10 or 20 years,
or will build to cult tenant on long
lease. . .
£18. (XX) — Second st., in line of manufacturing
district: 137:6x125; can easily have
it rraded free.
J16.500 — On Harrison st. tracks; over 130 feet
front, with 235 feet depth; two front-
apes; fine area for large factory.
$15,000 — Factory site on Eleventh St., . two
frontages of 100 on one street and
150 on the other. ; ¦ . - .
$14,000 — Two water lots on Berry et. to Chan-
nel; very cheap; vessels can unload
rteht at this lot. .
$12.500 — Channel et, lot, running through to
Berry; two f rontages- •
$12,125 — Corner on Channel, with frontage of
137:6 on another wide 6±reet.
$12.000 — 2"»6 feet front on railroad tracks; a
cheap buy for factory purposes.
$10,000 — Second st corner (manufacturing dis-
trict); 160 feet on two streets; brick
building already on the lot.
$GCKX) — A very cheap lot on Berry St.. with
old frame building.
|2250 — FINE new cottage of 8 rooms and bath
and finished basement; on eunny side of Jer-
sey St., near Noe. I . .
$r>«00 — BARGAIN; handsome flats; choice loca-.
tlon; Mission.wann belt. Owner, box 2995,'.
Call office. • ..
CHEAPEST anfl best ln America-^The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE — COCSTBY — For Sale
E AN ifBjiiiClSCO^^
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho.
Cotati. Sonoma, Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet' for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California et.. for pam-
phlets and information.
A — TO rent: the best 120-acre ranch In Napa
Valley; good buildings and fully equipped;
$1000 or on shares; call to-day.
N. D. SICKLES, the LAND AGENT, 6 Geary.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
land's to sell; right locality: big money: easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, 6 Eddy 6t-
TOR cash rent, near Haywards, 10 acres, fruit,
well Improved. Owner. 2926 Sixteenth, S. F.
FOR homes for health and profit see J. ' J.
B AMBER. Ekyland, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for Bale; write for
rr^e list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petalnma. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALA5IED A REAL ESTATE.
JCEW cottage 6 rooms; lot 33x120; $2500. -
New cottage 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200;
teims.
J. H. TOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park et. :
BARGAINS; improved Si unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; Vz cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERICEXEY REAL ESTATE. ' "
liVoo-^HOUSE of 5~ rooms; lot 60xi2oTonly~l
block frcra nation; a snap.
JOS. J. MASON, .
Berkeley Station. .
I1S0O— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; 2 blocks
Xrem elation; on the sunny side of street.
JOS. J. MASON,
¦ Berkeley Station.
$5500— HOUSE of 9 rooms, thoroughly modern;
one block from L. C. grounds and east of
Teiegrafch ave. Jos. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
_yu.y.iT\K\jR rrrtxtsHEn hocses.
IN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor
Wilion ave. and Hopkins et; 2 blocks from
2 street car? and public school; furnished cot-
taxe of ti rooms; 6table. chicken-house, pig.
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply 3. R. FREUD, MJlls building
or H A. PLEITNER. Frultrale StaUon.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
-- ¦ ¦ ¦ , ._
51000 — BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot water boiler;
minny tide, close to Ban Pablo ave. ; stre»t
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for quick
fa'.e to hex 2378. Call office. Oakland. ' -
OAK LAM) COTTAGES Td LET. !
BUNNY Jower flat, 8 large rooms; electric eer-",
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; largr
'wner j o t; lawn; fruit end shade trees and
ncwers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to catisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
£. v? - Jlectric cars, corner Washington and
E.ghth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
Bddress 1CS9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET. -
niGI E T P :> 59. Oakland— 8-room house, rur-
nlshed or unfurnished; all modern.
JUAKLA3VD FURXITrttE FOR SALES.
An introduction to you from H, Schellbaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.*
J BUPTl'RE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER' S S ANIT A-
RILM, 1206 Market tX.% treatment free; only
invention in the world ihat will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for. $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt..roqms 9-10;tel.55S0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
KEWIXG M A9inME8_ AXD SUPPLIES.,
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL. kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone, Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOIJSES^^
PIEUCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,'
office Post and -Powell sts.; tel. Main 5718.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse; 840 Mis-
sion et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Et.; phone Jackson 28L
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;,
tel. Main 18*0; chipping at ajit rates.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG^j
BELL. The, 1773 Market — Two or three eunny.
housekeeping suites; gas 'range; $15 and $20.
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping, ?12; a
connecting, 2 beds. |15; also single. $5 to $7.
MINNA, 2S1, cor. Fourth — Furnished' sunny
front rooms cheao; also housekeeping,' com-
plete; reasonable.
MISSI'OX. 845-^Kront room, with bed
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping. .
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; range, yard; hot water; $14.
POST. 9C2 — Suite of 3 rooms, ?25; single rooms
. from ?7 to $15. • • .. ., '. •
SECOND, 212— Furn. rms., housekpg.; others;
clean, respectable; reasonable; no children:
VAN NESS ave., 034 — Newly furnished .sunny
front suite; privilege .^ light u housekeeping;
phone.. '•<•'•
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100C
Valencia st. - ¦ • - ¦ ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. nnd Unfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister^Ne^w?eTegantI
¦ eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
i A— BRUNSWICK. House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to ?5. per week, and
¦ light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
I AT 416 O'Farrell st. — Neatly furnished eunny
}. front rooms, «n suite or single.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old Xo. 1364>— Fur-
. nlshed ras., suites, single; also unfurnished.
I ,
j BUSH. 1628 — A large sunny room to let. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished - sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Elegant sunny suite; single and
double rooms; travelers solicited; quiet house.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. $1 50 night; $1 50. $8 wk.; open all night.
FOLSOM. 820 near Fourth — Furnished rooms
to let. : -. . . ¦„• .->¦¦
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
. transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; thoee requiring a quiet, orderly
¦ : home at moderate charges; suit. slrigle;elevat.
KEARNY, 34. and 47 Post— Office Or "sunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FABBELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec- lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279— Airy rooms. $1 50,. $2, $5
week, running water: transient, 50c, $1 day.
SEVENTEENTH. 8795 — $15; modern bay-
window flat, i rooms,- bath; water free. !
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office,22O0 Fillmore st.
A- BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. . . ¦ - ¦ '-
ROOMS ' AXD' BOARD.
HOTELDennistonrcorrValericlii^^^
— In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first. class. . . -
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
- three gentlemen with board. $00; .single rooms
with board. $22. 50 .up; excellent table.,' ...
CALIFORNIA,- 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NI ARA, 615 ' Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; epedal rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 819— Handsome furnished apart-
ments: conv. : 2 to 5 pents; best table board.
ROOMS AXP BOARD WASTED.
ROOMS and board — Private family; brother
and sister; 2 meals; north of Sutter, west- of"
Taylor; state ' terms. Address A. R. I., Sta-
tlon D. Postofflce. - , . -
ROOMS WASTED. £
FOR light housekeeping, 2 furnished rooms for
2. months; no children: would take care of a
home in the absence of family; best of refer-
ences. Address box 3192. Call office..- ¦ • '
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES. -
GRlEA^r^AlRGAlNTlN^^raW^HE^S^We!
sell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266. •
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors estimate free; 20DSansome.
_ DIVIDEND .NOTICES. ' /
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST.
COMPANY, corner California and Montgcm-
' eryets. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been - declared
on depoetta In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10- per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for. are added to the principal and
bear the same rate' of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January. 1. 1902. . J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager. .
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY. 101 Mont-
gomery. st., corner of " Sutter--The board of
" directors declared a -dividend for the term
ending December 31, 1901, at. the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able *m and after January 2, 1902. Dividends:
cot called for are added to and - bear the
came rate of dividend as the principal from'
and after January 1, 1902. • ¦ •
_ CYRUS W. CARMANY.- Cashier. .'
OFFICE of the HIbernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and- Jones
«ts., San Francisco, Dec. 30, 1901. — -At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared, at the rate of three and one-
eighth <3Vt,) per cent per «nnum, on all de-
posits for tbe six months 'ending December
31. 1901. Free from all taxes and payable
on and after January 2. 1902. ROBERT- J.
TOBIN. Secretary. . . ¦ - .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 Montgomery st.. Mills building — For the
half-year ending December 31, 1901, dividends
on term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be payable
on and after January 2, 1902. S. L. ABBOT
JR.. Secretary. ;.. -; .-.-- •,
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder. Com-
pany Con. — A dividend. No. 37, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
Payable at the office of the company, 435
i'<£u ornla 8t - San Francisco, on January
loth, 1902. Transfer books close January
3d, 1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Sec. -
HCMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 13
y* ar 7 «t. — The directors ' have declared a
dividend of 8 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2. 1902.'
¦ -' ERNEST BRAND. Secretary. .'
CH * E i AP ?,? T " afld b ** t ln -America— The Weekly
tt .7 } cFt***- Bent to an y address, in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
Vdterda O "-° Wln * marrlaKe "censes were Issued
Otto N. Larsen. 24, 3020 Eighteenth street,
4«£, n ? a % ? rone «v23. 3920 Eighteenth stl
Wilhelm E. Letsche, 27. 418 Brannan street,
, and Johanna. C. Chamberlain. 42. 470 Ninth st.
K^C^pbelf^.H^o^u 0111111 - ?*/*****
Leung ?£ $£#&£^ mt «S&..7*
BIRTHS— MARRIAGESt-DEATHS^ ; ¦¦
™ I n r 2iii m^ T i! a *. ft ttnd " ath notices', sent' by
f L i L not b , e lnserted - They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and. be *
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published/,'*
B0KN-.
COHEX— In this city. December' 31, -1901, < t»
the wife of A.. E.. Cohen, a daughter.
KOWAL3KI— In) this city, January J, 1902, to
the wife of Leon Kowalskl. a daughter.,
RAILWAY TRAVEL. '.
Santa Fe
Tpaiiis^-Daiij;/.;-;;
' * ' Leave Market-street * Ferry ' Depot. '
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
- : - Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p .7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 0:11 p
•r v Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:60 p
.".. Hanford. 3:12p 8:27p 8:05a ........
" Vlsalia.. 3:39 p ....... 5:00a ........
• " -. - Bakerafid 6 :15 p B :20 p 7 : 45 a .......
"Kan. City ....... 2:40 a 7:30 a 1
".¦•Chicago.. ....... 2:18 p 0:00 p .......
- a for. morning, v p fcr afternoon, j ,.-' '
'9:00 a. m. train Is the California'. Llnv
. lted." carrying Palace " Sleeping Cart and
Dining Cara through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs I to ' BakercSeld | for ' accommodation I of
local - lirst-claaa- passengers. No gecond-
class - tickets ara ¦¦ honored • on this train. ¦
Corresponding , train ; arrives at 7 :05 a. m. v
- 4 : 20 p. m. is Stockton,' Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. -m. '• dally. , ¦ -v. ---•¦•. ;-..
-8:00 p. m.- Is '.the Overland Express, with
' through '". Palace and Tourlat * Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at. 6:00 p. .m.'
•¦• 7:20 a. % m. i« • Bakersfleld < Local." stopplnc
at all • points' in : San Joaquln "Valley. - Cor--
train arrives at 8:40 a. ra. dally.
;wi Offices — 641 • Market street and In . Ferry
Depot, San^v Francisco ;.' 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.'.-': ""-. '.'-.' J --". '.*¦:.¦.......... ;
'¦<;'- " '¦ J : ;MARBIED. . ..; ... -." : .
BARTELS— WATERS— In 'this city. January
2, 1002, by the Rev. 'William C. Pond, Fred-.'
erlck W. Bartels and Esther Waters,- both ot
San Francisco.-'." .:..-.-..,.¦• .-'-.c
DICKMBYER— NARR— In this city. January
2. 1002,, by the Rev: J. D. Klooz of the First
United Evangelical ; Church, -. Twenty-fourth
. and Harrispn streets, Frank J. Dickmeyer
. of Oxnard, Ventura County, • Cal., and Em-
ma C. Narr of San Francisco, j '
HAAS— WEISHE1MER— In this city. Decem-
ber .31. 1901, *y the Rev. J.- J>.r Klooz of the
First United Evangelical ¦ Church, Twenty-
fourth.' and. "Harrison streets,, William J.!
¦Haas and Lena 'M-vWeicheimer, ' both of San
Frarxisco. -.
JOY— McFADDEN— In this 'city, . Januaiy 1,
¦ 1902, . by the Rev. Arthur H. Briggs. pastor
of Central M. E. Church. Charles Henry Joy
and Mary. Elizabeth McFadden. both of Ala-
medo. ¦' : - ¦ ,
KOERNER— NELSON— In- this city-, Decem"'
ber.ai, 1901, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Georire H. Koerner of San . Francisco', and'.
Sophia M. Nelson of Elk'Grove. Sacramento
; • County, Cal. . ' - ¦ - ¦ t
SANFORD — BARTLING— In Berkeley, De-
cember 28,. 1901. at St. Mark's Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. D. O. Kelley, Edmund
Clark Sanford of Worcester, Mass.,. an.t:
Florence Bartllng of Oakland. Cal. • ¦ . v
¦ DIED. ;: *¦ ,.,
Ahem," Patrick •. " '..Monahan, P. ,
*-'" Beattj', Mary . Norton, Kate "
• Bristol. Henry C- O'Brien. Christopher
• Canepa, - Bartolomeo Parsons, Charles J.
Coggins, Charles S. Perini. Abondla :
• Connelly, Thomas Petersen. Anne C.
Daniel, Daisy M. Poling, Mary
Delury, George Rainford. Mamie J.
'•-¦- Drayeur, Fortune Randolph, George' F.
Garland. Sarah E. ' Ryan,. Mary F. .¦¦--¦¦
Gilfillan. Archibald j Schimmelpfennig,' F.
Haggerty, Mary Schweer. -Ansreline -
Hance. George Sullivan. Eugene
Harrington, Nora Swanton. .William
y Hart, John • ' SWeet, Mary A.-
Higgs, Alice > . Toomy, Henry
Hughes, Dilys Turner. Herbert J.
Kittredge, Fannie L. Walker. Eliza
. "Lindskoir, H. G. M. . > Wehr. Gustav • • \
'.McGlinn. Catharine White. Mrs.. Jane "
Miller. Annie E. ...
AHERN— Ih this city. ' January 2, 1902, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Eliza- Ahem.- ana-
tivc of Mitchellstown, County Cork, Ireland;
aged 84 years. A member of the Sodality of
St. Ignatius Church. : ¦ • .. .- .
inyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clopk, from his late
residence, 310 Gough street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, -Tenth street, where a -re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for. tbe
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. .Interment
private in Holy Cross Cemetery. '¦• " • ¦ ¦• .¦-."-
BEATTY — In this city, January 2, 1902. Mary,'
. beloved mother of Mary E. Beatty, a native
of County Louth, Ireland.. • ¦ . .. '.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1243 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn roQUiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at -9:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via
¦ •; the 11 o'clock creek route- boat. " ¦.9. "
BRISTOL— In this city. January 2, 1902, Henry
C. Bristol, a native of New York, aged 71
years. ¦
E7" Will be burled Sunday, January 5,' at
11 o'clock. . Interment private.
CANEPA— In this city, January 3, 1002, Bar-
tolomeo Canepa, a native of Italy, aged 72
years and 4- months. , .. ~. ¦. ,• -. . • .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral Sunday,
January 5, at 2 o'clock, from Garibaldi Hall,
423 Broadway." ' Interment " New Italian
Cemetery. - Flowers omitted.
COGGINS — In this city, January 2. ' 1902,
Charles Sanford Coggins, beloved, husband of
Mary E..' and father cf • Charles W., Leslie
I., Frederick J., Leon S. and Leila A. Cog-
gins, and brother of George H., Clifford and
L^Y.. Coggins, a native, of Lemoine, .Me..,
aged C3 years 2 months and 22 days.' A
member' Of Chico' Lodge. A. " O. U. W.. of
Chico, CaJ. , . -
tC^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the' funeral to-day (Saturday), at 10
o'clock,- from his "late residence, 1807. Fill-
more street, corner Sutter, and thence -by
electric funeral car leaving corner Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 11:15 o'clock to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery for Interment.
CONNELLY— In this' city, January- 2... 1902,
Thomas Connelly, | a native of Ireland, aged
55 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ? to-day
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral-
parlors of H. F. . Maass, 917 Mission street. -
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,- by 10:30
o'clock train from Third and- Townsend,
streets. ' '
DANIEL — In this city, January 1, 1902, Daisy
' Maud, beloved* wife of Wilford W. Daniel.
¦ and mother of Maudie M., Laura E. and
Virgie Daniel, a native of Washington, aged
23 years 7 months and 12 days. ; ' •'•
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 11' o'clock, at the mor-
tuary chapel of McGinn Bros., 222 and 226
¦ McAllister street, opposite; New City Hall.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦..;•¦•
DELURY— In this city, January 1," 1002,
George, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Delury, and .father of James, George,.
William,: Jeremiah, .Daniel, Mary Kathryn
and Thomas Delury; Mrs. James R. Cham-
bers, and "the", late 'John M. Delury. a native-
of County Kerry. Ireland.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow"
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late 'resi-
dence, 911 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for cervices at 12:30 o'clock..
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ( A requiem
* high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at St. Patrick's. Church Monday,
January 6, at. 9 o'clock. • :\
DRAYEUR— In this city, January 3, 1902, For-
tune, beloved wife of August C. " Drayeur,
mother of Claire Drayeur, daughter of: Jean'
and Florentine Auger, sister of Constant.
¦Albert and Almee Auger, and. daughter- In-"
law of August and Sophie Drayeur, a native-
of San Francisco, aged 31 years and 9
months. ¦ - : -. " " ¦ > . ' ¦ ¦ •: •
"• icy Services 'to be held Sunday, January 5,
1902, at 9:45 o'clock, at French Church 'of
Notre Dame des . Victolres. ' Interment pri-
vate. ¦ • i •¦¦¦••.'
GARLAND— In Detroit. Mich., Sarah E. Gar-
land (nee Dorr), , widow of the. late William
' D. Garland, a native of Maine.' -Formerly of
San Francisco.. • . . -
GILFILLAN — In Philadelphia, Pa., December
23,. 1901. Archibald Forrest Gilfillan, late, of
Honolulu, son-of tbe late John F. and Eliza-
beth Gllflllan, a native of Philadelphia, aged
47 years ! 7 months and 20 days. .. . • - ¦ ¦
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
HAGGERTY— In this city. January 2. 1902,
Mary, dearly beloved . daughter of Timothy
and the late Julia Haggerty, and ' sister . of
John, Margaret and Joseph Haggerty, a na-
tive of. San Francisco. . • ... ¦..;•.
- • C7The • funeral will take place ; to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from her late resi-
dence, 11 Alenf&ny street, thence to Mission'
Dolores Church for mass. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . • " •••:.;
HANCE — In Los Angeles, December ; 31, 1901,
; George, beloved eon of Annie Hance, a na-
tive of -Yorkshire, England, aged 30 years 6
months and 25 days. . . '
HARRINGTON — In this city, January- 3,' 1902,
Nora, dearly beloved mother of Kitty, Mary, ¦
John and Louise Harrington, a native of
Ireland,' aged 49 years and*7 months. / •¦ ¦ '
HART— In this city, January 3, 1902, John,-
beloved brother of William, George ¦ and
Alexander and the late . Robert Hart. . a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 0
months and 16 days.
(C7Remaina at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
HIGGS — In .Elmira, Cal., January 2-, 1902,'
Alice, beloved daughter of John and Alice
Higgs, and sister of Tom and Fred Higgs, a
native of San Francisco, aged 16 years -4
months and 22 days.
icyFrlends and acquaintances "are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Satur-
day, January 4, from. the 10:55 o'clock boat,
. thence to the Odd Fellows' Crematory. ,
HUGHES — In this city, .January 1, 1902. Dilys,
beloved child of Richard J. and Elizabeth
Hughes, and sister of Lizzie Hughes, ¦ a na-
tive of California, aged 2 years 10 months
and 6 days. •
¦"IC'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . Saturday,
January 4, at 2 -o'clock, from > the residence
of her parents, 181 Noe street. Interment
Mount , Olivet Cemetery, ; by electric funeral
car from corner " Eighteenth ' and Guerrero
streets at'2:30 o'clock. .' " '
KITTRBDGE— In Oakland. January 1, 1902,
Fannie L., beloved wife of John--R. .Kitt-
' redge, eister of James E. and Lizzie Damon,
and mother of Mrs. Edmund C. . Lyon.
LINDSKOG — In this city, January 1 , 1902, : H.
1 G. Maurice, ¦ beloved husband of Louise W.
LindFkog. and father of Otto, Hermion, Roy
and 'Allan: Ltndskog. a native, of Stockholm.
Sweden, aged . 61 years 4 months ¦ and - 19
' ; days. . "¦¦¦.'¦.¦¦. ¦-. ¦ -.' . j
tCJr Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to •' attend 'the funeral 'services j
to-morrow . (Sunday), at 2 -o'clock, "at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Cora-
• pany, 405 Powell, street, near Post. Inter-
ment 'Laurel .Hill Cemetery. , ' : ¦,
McGLINN— In this city. January 1, 1902, Cath-
arine McGlinn, a native of Ireland, aged 70
¦years." . • ¦,.'."/''' -¦'¦-.¦ .". ¦ ,..,...
|E7Frlenda\ and acquaintances are respect-
fully-. Invited to attend ,the funeral • to-day
(Saturday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the parlors
: of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, ,1209 ./Mission, street,, between Eighth
. HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO;
- (Successor to'Flannagan & Gallagher.) '; ,"
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. : ' i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa'
... ' 20 Fifth' st., opposite Lincoln School."
, ¦. •-'-:.: Telephone South ." 80. '• :'"
Mt. Olivet Gernetery,-
' . . ; : EAN.' BRUNO HILLS. 1 ' , l - " ' "
;/¦ OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET, r"
. ; ". ' ' 'j." HENDERSON,' Manager.'
t -¦¦ - - ¦ ¦ --. . '.
'.'.JlVEW FIRM OP UNDERTAKERS.'- I
; r Samuel. McFadden, 18 yeara manager for
the- United Undertakers'- Association; M..J.
: McBrearty,' with the same, company for ; 18
years; P. F. Green.-late with. J. c. O'Con-
'fior & Co., have opened new Funeral" Par- '
lors at 1171 Mission 'street." between Seventh <
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.". ¦ .•
and'Nlnth,. thence* to - St. 1 Joseph' B .Church,'
corner .'. Tenth ¦" and IV Howard •- streets; t where
/mass wlllbe -celebrated for the repose of. her
{ soul; commencing? at. 8 o'clock.-., Interment"
.' Holy. Cross : Cemetery. . ;¦; ._¦,¦...-¦¦ : ¦•¦
MILLER— In ; this. c}ty,' January! 3, % 1002, 'Annie
' Elizabeth,!. the deafly ¦ beloved.. daughter of i
¦ J Annie E. and James H. . Miller,, and sister of
¦¦James, Daisy, Charley, Mamie 'and- Hester
" ; Miller," a ; native of ' San Francisco, i aced • 17
yeara 1 month and "7 4ays. -• .;¦ , r,< '; V : . : ;
!. (C^Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-'
" fully .i Invited ' to /attend \i the funeral, services i
Sunday, Januarys, at 51:30 o'clock.rat the
.family residence.; 4" Regll' place. Interment
-. Laurel : Hill. Cemetery. .. ¦ . ;. ,
MONAHAN— In Oakland, January 3, 1902, P.
. r. Monahan,* father of Mrs. I TV P.-. Hogan, I Mrs.
Ed,.- Kelly , and Mrs. Mollie Phelps. G." E.
. Monahan of Oakland and .Thomas Monahan
• ¦"of San Jose,- a - native -of: Roscommon,- Ire-
. land, aged 87 years and 2 months. , •-. i - -
.NORTON — In thi's : city, January 1, 1002, Kate,
:~ beloved" wife • of ! the late ' John ¦ Norton, and
mother of Lee-and William H.v Norton,' ¦ a"
• native of .Ireland, aged 58 years, ¦ .¦..¦¦.
: •" C? Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the •¦ funeral ". to-day
' (Saturday), ¦ at ' 0:30- o'clock, from her- late
• residence, • 2633.. Bryant street, '.thence to St.
Peter's Church", - where a; requiem high mas-j
/will. be celebrated for the repose. of her soul, :
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
' " Cross Cemetery.. ;„¦ • ./ ¦ ¦••-.-.''.,
O'BRIEN— in this city," January 3, 1902. Chris-
. topher f J., ¦ beloved ¦: husband -of Nellie V..
¦ O'Brien, and brother. of Mrs. William Bowes.-
'. Mrs. La.wrence Murphy; and ; the late • Mrs;
Mary. T. ' Kentzell, ¦ and son-in-law • of ; James
; H. . and Ellen Rlley, ; "a native . of San | Fran-
cisco, aged 24- years and 11 days.'" - • '. .- >-
py Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
¦ (Sunday), at JLO o'clock, from the parlors of
. McFaflden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 M1b- :
. blon. street, thence to' St."- Rose's ' Church for-
services : at 10:45 ¦ o'clock. ¦¦.> Interment Holy
Cros3 Cemetery. ' - ¦- . , .-. • '. . . .
PARSONS — In ' this': city, ' January 2, 1002,
ChArles ¦ J., husband of -Josephine -M. Par-
sons, a native of England, aged 70 years and
. ¦ 7 months. • : ;JK -• " • ¦.•..'.¦ :
(T7"The funeral : wili take ' place to-day
fSaturday)i at 2 :30 o'clock, from' his late resi-
dence,' 75 Zop street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. '!
PERINI — In this city, January 1, . 1902, Abon-
dla, dearly beloved wife of F. A.' Perlnl.and
loving' mother of Mario, Angelina, Felix,
Peter/and Eugene Perini, a native of. Switz-.
Crland, agej 20 years. . ¦ .
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to ¦ attend ; the - funeral services
Saturday, ' January 4, at S o'clock, » at >Jier
j . late residence, 500 Berlin street, near- San
Bruno- road. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery. . :.•• ' ¦ . . } ¦:' ¦ : ' ¦ ' ¦¦.<;¦, ¦ ¦; -.-
PETERSEN— In this city, ' January \ 2,' 1902.
Anne C. ' Petersen. . beloved' mother of Chris
P.; ' Lydik and'-Antonfe .Petersen and Mrs. J.-
An'dei-sen and -"Mrs. F. t Miller,- a ' native ' of
Denmark, aged 7(5 years 1 month and 9 days.
,-.'¦ JTSTFriends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully. ..invited 4 to attend- the funeral, services
to-day (Saturday), • at -" I--, o'clock., at the
residence ¦ of -eranddauehter, Mrs. C.
fckillen. 221 • Chattano.oea street, j Interment
Mount Olivet -Cemetery. . ¦ ". . -. -
PODING— In' this city, January: 2.-1902, Mary
". Poling, beloved mother of. Mrs. Virgin, Mrs.
Cottrell- and William -.Houston,".- and sister* of
• Mrs. Alex. Robertson;, avnative -of Scotland,
ased 60 years 5 months and 7 days., ¦¦¦¦¦•
C^KrieiWs and acquaintances are 'respect-
.fully invited to-- attend the-funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday)? - af 12:30' o'clock, from her late
residence, '584'Sixth street. Interment. Mount
- Olivet Cemetery. - - < .•..'¦' ••. .-.
RAINFORD— In. this , city, < January ¦ 1," 1902,
Mamie J., beloved wife . of . Samuel C. Rain-
ford, • daughter ¦ of the f late John and Mary
Foley, and sister -of Daniel, Patrick, Mich-
ael and . Jeremiah Foley,' a native ot 'San
Franciaco, aged 22 years . 7 months and 12
' days.--.- '¦-. .-. < . ...>•...' -.;.:¦*- ¦ "¦ .
G7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attentl the funeral, to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
• of the United Undertakers, .'27 and: 29 Fifth
street; thence to St. -Rose's. 'Church for ser-
vices at- 10 o'clock.; 'Interment Holy , Cross
. Cemetery: •• ¦ ¦'"•• ¦•¦-¦•.•. -¦ • <>¦
RANDOLPH— In this, city, , January 1, 1902,
George F..". beloved husband of Geor«tie,A.
Randolph,, and ' belpved- father of Ruth- and
Georgie Randolph, . a native, of
aged 40 years 5 months and 14 days.;' ¦
(C7"Frienda and ¦ acquaintances ara .
fully "invited ¦ to attend the funeral to-dav
- (Saturday), at 10:30- o'clock.' from the fu- -
neral parlors of Porter & "White. 122 Eddy
street: ¦ Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery. •-.
RYAN— In this city, January 3, 1902, Mary
Florence", beloved wife of Michael J. Ryan,
and daughter of Mary " I. and the. late Ed-
ward H. "Keating, a . native of ' San Fran-
cisco. .- ' . . ¦ ¦ . .j...
•SCHIMMELPFENNIG — In Oakland, at 462
East Tweltth street, January 3, 1902, Fred-
i erick . Schimmelpfenniff, a: native of Ger-
many, aged 75 years 9 months and 28 days. •
SCHWEER^January 1. 1902, Angeline Bernal,
beloved wife ; of } Antone . F. Schweer, and
. mother of Irene Schweer, ased -29 ¦ years 8
, months and 3 days. . '. • .
• (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully "invited to attend the funeral ' January
A, i at 11. o'clock, from .- St. Augustine's
Church, Pleasanton, Cal.,. where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her- soul. Interment St. .Augustine's
Cemetery. ' :
SULLIVAN— In Phoenix,- Ariz., December 31.
. 1901, Eugene Sullivan, a native of the parish
of Eveeleary, Ireland. ' '
¦ ' cyNotice of 'j funeral, hereatter. .,-.'•-•" •-
SWANTON— In this • city, January 1, 1002,
William Swanton, a . native of Queenstown,
Ireland, - aged ¦ 44 "years. ¦ .. -
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
¦ (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
- of J. C. O'Connor. & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to" St: T Patrick's Church . for services.
Interment * "Holy Cross' Cemetery, by 10:30
o'clock train from "Third and Townsend.
streets.- ¦¦»- .-.• • "i: : ¦". \. r . ~- ¦'".'¦• ¦,'¦;¦¦
SWEET— In this city/January 1, 1902, Mary
Anna. Sweet, beloved daughter .of Mary , A-
Dohrney, and . mother . of . Charles N.. Frank'
P. . and Joseph ' P. Brust/ a native, of Louis-
iana, Mo., aged" 58 years. . (St." Louis," Mo.,
papers .copy.) . , .' . . .-¦ ... "¦¦. - •¦ ' . .•
(CTFriends and acquaintances and members
of New Century Circle No.' 613, C. of F. of
." A., ¦ Meade Corps No. 61, "W. R. '• C, and
Loyal Rebecca Lodge . No. " 215, are respect-,
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors.
' of 'A'. AW Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Mount Olivet -Cemetery.' ¦ • ¦¦
TOOMY— In this city, January 2, 1902, Henry,
husband' of. 'Alice .Timmons Toomv, and
• father of Lily 1 A-» and the late Harry H. and'
William, Hamilton Toomy.'age'd 78 years. |
inyThe funeral will., take -place, to-day
(Saturday), from the Cliapel of the Passion,,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital. First and
Bryant streets, where a solemn requiem
mass-.wili be celebrated for the repose of his
. coul, commencing ¦ at . 9 o'clock. • -Interment
' private, Holy Cross Cemetery. ,. , . >,
TURNER-^In this cityi" January 2,'19O2. Her-
bert James," dearly - beloved son or Thomas
R. and ! Annie , L. Turner, and Mother- of
Thomas, Grace. and Harold Turner, 'a. native'
of. San Francisco, aged. 10 years 10 months
and 23 days. ¦¦¦.-' ...:..¦- . • - . - ,
- (CTFrlends-and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited -to atteril, the .funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o"cl6ck. from the residence
of his parents, 2300 Vallejo street, th'ence to
St. Brigid's Church, wfiere a requiem mass will
be. celebrated for the repossof his soul,, com-
mencing ': at 9:15 • o clock, thence by ,10:40
o'clock train from Valencia and Twenty-
. fifth streets. .Interment Holy .Cross Ceme-
tery. '¦ Please omit flowers. .... ;.- , ,-
WALKER — In "this city, Janiiary v 3, 1902, Eliza
' Walker,- 'beloved. wife of' J. C. Walker, and
mother of\ Ethel Ruth Cohen. John- M.- Ruth
.and Ldtta. Ruth .; Walker.- "a native, of vLon-
• don, aged 55 years. ¦_ (Fresno papers please
copy.) - - ¦ . . ; ' ¦ - . .;
C7"The funeral will .. take nlace to-day
. (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence, 1131. Geary street. Interment private.
WEHR— In 1 Mill Valley,' January 1, 1902, Gus-
' taV'-Wehrv beloved son of Gustav and -Katie
Wehr, , and i, brother. of Freddie, Emma. Meta;
¦ and the late Willie Wehr, who. died' October
10, "1901. aced 14 months, both natives -of
California,-' aged 13 years: and 9 months. ; ¦ ,-'
JC7"FYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the- funeral services
in'San Rafael Sunday.- January 5; 1902, at-
1:30 o'clock... Take 11:30 o'clock boat from
¦San Francisco. . , '. .. v . .:.. .
WHITE— In . this I city. January 1, 1002. Mrs.
Jane White, aged 63 years, i . . , ; .
C3 r The \ funeral will Hake 'Placer ' to-day
.(Saturday), at 1. o'clock; 'from her late resi-
• dence, 1512 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
' seph' s : Church -for services. Interment 'Holy
Ci6s3 Cemetery. ¦' . ''¦.'.. ¦¦. . :; . •
Florist Cfr
W ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
¦•'¦'. 'Prices Reasonable '. - -
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS 5056
Eggs are declining ln the wholesale markets
FAMILY RETAIL' MARKET.
and retail prices will soon be affected. There
19 no ichanse ln 'Butter and CheeseJ^gjjjjQjWKB
• Turkeys are In good supply and cheaper, but
otherwise- the Poultry market keeps up, ¦ aa.
receipts of domestic fowl are not large. Tbe
West c continues" to send us large quantities, .
however, seven cars haying come ln thus far
this week.
Green Peas and String Beans from, to* An-
geles ara^comlns In more or less frostbitten.
Otherwise there Is nothing; new In Vegetables.
Fine ripe and well-colored Navel Oranges
are rather scarce at the moment. •
. Coal, ser ton— .
Cahnel ....$ ©13 00! Southfleld •
.Wellington'.— ?-©U QO\- Walllncton- S—U 00
SeatUe @ » ©0|Coos Bay... © 7 00
Dairy Produce, etc.— '
Butter, choice, 8q50®53 Railch Eggs, per
Do,gooel...'...40@45 doxen .........35®40
Packed, per lb..25@— Eastern Egrgs....— ©30
Cheese. Cal.. 15@17 Honey Comb, per '
Cheese, Eastern.. 17@2O pound .; .15930
Cheese, /Swiss.... 20®33 Do. extracted.. 8©X0
Common Eggs...— @30 . . - -
Meats, per pound —
Bacon .-. . . .-. . . . .14@13 Round Steak. ..10@12}4
Beef, choice..... 15@20 Sirloin Steak.. 12 H©1*
: Do, good 12%@>— Tenderloin do laifflT
Corned Beef 1OQ— Porterhouse do.l7%@»>
Ham 15@1T Smoked Beer 1T©2O ,
Lard — @15 Pork, salt X0«12W
Mutton 10012^ Pork Chops .— ®I5
Lamb %'. 12@i5 Pork Sau«ag«s.l2H®15
Pork, fresh 15@— Veal 15®ia»
Poultry and Game —
Hena. each. . . . . . 5O0T5I EnsHah Snips. ¦ •
Young Roosters, per dozen. . .*3 00© —
each ........ ..50@85 Jack Snipe. .'.7 1 75®—
Old Roosters, ea.50.'ff(.a Mallard. palr...73cSll
Fryers, each 50@63 Canvasback.
Broilers, each ...40@50 pair 73c® SI 33
Turkeys, per lb.'.lS@l.S Sprig, per pair. .60)073
XXueks, each 60^75 Tea.1. per pair . . -25<©-4O
Geese, each.. $ I 50® 1 75 Widgeon, pair... 35^80
Pigeons, pair 40S5O Small Duck. pr..25©—
Squabs, per pair. 60® 60 Wild Geese, per ¦. °
Doves, per da. — @$1 25 pair ..75ofi91 00
Rabbits, each:.. 13®2O Brant. each.....25@33
Bare, each — @20
Fruits and Nuts — '
Alligator Pears, Grape Fruit, per
each ..........25@50 dozen 75c@$l 00
Almonds ....... .15020 Limes, dozen —mo
Apples '. 3® 3 Lemons, doaen. ..20®30
Pecans — @20 Oranges, dos SOigtJO
Brazil Nuts 20® — Pears, lb S@12H
Bananas, doz. ... 15^25 Pineapples, ea. ..30030
Cranberries, qt. . — 015 Ptrsimmons, doz.—^20
Cocoanuts, each.— #10 Raisins, per lb.. 5@15
Chestnuts, per lb.l5®20 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2^@13
Dried Flga. pr.lb— @10
.Vegetables . .'.•"?¦ V."-",
Artichokes, dz..Sl@l BO Okra, dried, lb. . — @40
Beets, dozen 10^— Potatoes, pr lb..2@2^
Beana, white, lb. 6@ — Parsnips, per dz.10®—
Colored, per lb. h® — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® 3 bunches 13S20
Cabbage, each.".. 5(&>— Sweet Potatoes,
Celery, head Zip— p«T lb 2fp 3
Cress, dz bnchs..24@30 Sage, doz bnchs.23@30
Cucumbers, doz. 20025 String Beans, per
Egg Plant, lb....30i»— pound .10®12%V
Garlic .......... 4® 6 Summer Squash.
Greeni Paas. lb... 10® — per pound — ® 15
Green Peppers, lb tViplO Sprouts, per lb.. 5® 8
Lettuce, per doz.l3@20 Spinach, per lb. . t>(ce — .
Leeks, dz bchs..l5@20 Thyme, dz . bchs.25®30
Mushrooms," lb...50@75 Turnips, per doz.lO§—
Onions. ?er lb.2HO3H Tomatoes, per Ib.l5#—
Flab—
Carp ........... — @10 Pea Baas. — @ —
Catfish ...12%® — Smelts ©13
Codfish'.... .15@20 Soles 8®1O
Flounders ....12%®— Skates, each 8@10
Halibut — @15 Squid — @—
Herring ........ 6Q — Tomcod 12^013
Mackerel 13® — Turbot 13®23
Do. horse 10® — Trout — <Gh—
Perch ........'.. 8®10 Brook Trout.... • — <5—
Pomplno .;..T5c©$l 00 "WhlteHsh iO®—
Bockcod —015 Clams, gallon... .50^—
Rockflsh 10#12tt Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh... 13323 per pound 8D10
Do, 'smoked lo@25 Crawfish •. — @10
Sardines ,.10® — Crabs, each 15020
Shrimps ........ — ®10 Mussels, quart... — @ 9
Shad 10®— Oysters. Cal, 100.40950
Striped Bass 15©20 Do. Eastern, (12.25340
SOUTHERN PAOIFia;
Tralaa 1*htc nail nr« <¦¦• »• »rrl* • at ¦
. j -»an ruABitsiavo. - » •
' (Mala Una. Foot of Market Street) •*
XMxr* " — From Dxcxmbxs 6. 1901. — XUUWM
"iOOa Benida, Suiraa, Elmlra and Saora-
¦"•"'•¦ mento...... 8tUv
TiOOa VaeaviUew Wlnteei.'Baaisay 7j33»
. «i3oa M*rtliiei.3*nlt«ajoo.V»lleJo.N»p».
• • Calistaca, and Santa, Roaa, «i33»
. 8:00 A D»»U, Woodland. KnignU Lkndlag.
•taryiville. OroTille. 7<S-1»
8i00* Atlantic Kxprew- Ogden and East 8:23a,
• ««»a Nile*, Lathrop. Stockton. ?>33r
. . alOOANUes. Mendota. Haafozd. . VisaUm,
ForterrtUe 4iS3»
•iS«a SbaaU BxoreM— D»»i. WIUiamjMor
BarUeU Springs). Willows. Bod
Bluff, PortUndV.. 7t8»»
¦ ' 8iB*a Ban - Joie, Liieroi^ra, Stockton,
' - ¦ - lone. - fl»crmment», PlMerrille.
M»ry»tllle, Chlco, lt"»U Btiiff 4.23r
aiae» O»kd»Ie. Chlnn«,8onora, Tuolumoa 4:S3>>
¦iO«» Htrwud, NilMtait WtjSUUoui.. 111.13*.
ttooA Vaiiejo laiasr
Ii«Oa Loa' Aoeeies Express — alvti'iez.
: -. '. ; ; Tracy, JUthrop, Htoekton, :*-rc?d
• Fresno »ud Lc« Annslei . ... 7:53a
•iS* A Valleln. Martinet auct Wi> , ,.r:i 7>S9r
I»iOI»a The O»9jrlaucl Limited— OgJe. , 1 m-
Tor, Omaha. Chicago SiMv
troor Sacramento Kl?er Sceameis.... fHiOOF
t :"»r Btnlcia, Winter*. Naorantento, ;
• ¦ - Wowltand, KufgitU Landing, /
UtrystllU, Oroillle IOiSSa
8>S0p H« jw atd, Nile* and Way Buttons.. . 7i33t
4t»«r Marthiex, Mau lUinon. - Vall»]o.
N»p». <:»li«ti.fa. MaHtalloi* «.3JIp
4t00r Nlle\ LlTermore, Stockton. Lodl... ia>S3y
4i»«»p Hayward. N tla.f, Uaa JaaaTUvcnnora tSiSSa
4:Sl»r The. Owl Limited - Fre*no. TuUnw
: BakenOeld, fjaagas for Santa JJax-
bara. Los Angeles StSSa
S«OOp Port Coita. Tr«oy. Emthrop. Stockton 1u:33a
8>OOr Hartinrz. AnUoeh, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno is«sa»
•>wOrBaiward.KUesand8anJoae 7>33a
1«s6«r Vaflejo 11:234
¦ i*j«r Oriental Mall— Ogden. - Dourer.
Omaha. St. Louia. Chicago «tS«A
7tSOr Oregon and Calif orula Kziireaa, Nae-
: ntuieukt. MarjBillle, UrnMIng, -
.'. ' . rortluml, Tiiget Hound and Rssk 8i33*
' 1 8iO3p San Pablo, Port Coata, Martines
aud Way SUUous lliZSa
« t»»pnr Vall<.»... 7«J3»
• COAST IjINB (Sarrow Ua«ge).
' . ' „ ' . (Foot ol Market Strecl.1 •
-8iI3a Newark.Cen te»«Ule. San Jo*9,F#l ton, .
.'. " ' . ¦• Ilonld«rOrtek.Sauta0n»andWay
- ';"< . StaUon* 8t0wa>
tSilSr Newark Centerrlllo, San Jose, New
" v Almatien, lhiltoii, lionlder Creek,
. ' .-••'-. Santa, dux and Principal Waj v
; •¦- SUUons... 101.104
¦ 4il9r Newark. 8»n Jose, Los Qatos 1S:3«*
«*.3or Hunter*' Train— San Jose and Way ¦•-•-.
" Stations t7J»a»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm S1I /aiSCISCO— foov tt mrket Street (Sh'a 8)—
17:1ft 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:09 3:00 B:15r.tf.
fumOilUKJ— N«l .f3fi»^w.T.~trt:00 JS:OO J8.-C8
10:00 >.M. 18:00 2.00 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Br*a4 Mange).
• '•¦-;• CrhlrJniidTownien.l Sta.)
ei I »a Saa Jose and Way Htatioaa... ........ «>4*a
• 7iOOA «»ii Jo/10 »ml Way Statluua fftivv*
- /7i««* N*w Alinadan /*>10a>-
St««A Coast Lino Limited — 8aa Jose, ¦,
¦ - Gllroy, 8anaas, Saa Lais ObUpo,
-.- :' - . Santa. Barbara, Los Angeles and ' - • ' - -
. — principal intermediate stations.... 10:43a>
1 wiO*A Hnn Joie. Ties rinos, H»nt» Vrnx.
rnclilc Uro««, Halinsg. San Lois
, v . Obispo and Principal intermediate
-;. Mutlims^ .VT. 4lI8».
IOiSOa Ban Jcse aud Way Stations.... S:3«a/
llia«A bail Joaaauil Way KUtlniw ........ . MU
" t*> !•"»» San Matro, ltedwoo<!, Mrnlo Park.
Valo Alto. Hanta Clara. H*.i .!«»«.
Tres Plno», Hunt* Crux. Salinas,
:-\- M otitmvy «iM 1'aetOe GroT«...... |IOt43a
Sisor San JoMAndWay St»tt«i,». liaa*
. 4«>ISr Ran J«M«ml l>rindi<»t Way HUtlnna ¦•>••
¦ 4iS0r Sanset limited— Mondays. Wednr*.
days. Friday*, for Los Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and '-'"•
Thursday* .;..... lllilS*
13i00r 3an Joh, £os Oatos aud 1'rludpal
j . . .-Way Stations t»iO©A
SiSOr Ban Jns«aii<l Principal \7ay HUllous . 6i3Or
- 8<aa r AwnJnecaud WaySeannim 7j1«»
7lO«r New Orleans Expreiw— fan Lola
Obispo. Sa.uU IUrhara. Lea Aa-
(eles. D'mloir. Ei Paso, New Or-
* -• ' -leane and Eaal 7>3w&
all»43rSaii Jo«e»nd Way Sutlons 7»»— >
A f«c Morniuf }' for Afternoon.
¦ t Siiii.lar cxceHted. t only.
- a Saturday only, .. /Tundayn and Fridayij.
, C9BTB i PACIFIC COAST RAILfidAQ.
V . "¦ Via Sauaaitt* Terry.
. ¦ Commencing September 2tf. 1901."
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO M1LX. VAJJUKX
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:fio, 8:S0. *»:30. 11:00 a. xa»
•1:45, 3:18. 4:15. 5:13. •8:i3. «:43 p. ra. -
¦ KCTBA". TRIPS— For Mill Valley and £*••
Kafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sjxtmm
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
BUNDATS— »8:00. »10:00t 'Hito a. m., U:ii
S:15. •¦»:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. ra.
' Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
,? WEEKDAYS— -5:23. «:27. 7:*3.-8:3Sbl0a*
-ai nfT'ia:29. »••«. •3:38. 4:40. 6:30 j>? nV? *"
EXTRA - TRIPS oa Mondays. - Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 9:SS p. m.
* 8DNDATfr-«:13. •8:00. 10:00. »U:i5 a, u^
U:40, •3:18.- *:«. *«:30 P. m.
- Trains marked (•) start from Saa Qaentln.
FROM MIIJ* VALXJET TO 8AN FRANCasOQ.'
WEEK DATS— «:4». «:45. 7:59. 8:53. IoTm
a. m.. 13:35. 2;«v 3;60. 8:10 p. m. "?.
EXTlWf TRIPS on Mondaya, Wednesday «
and Uatordaya at -7:10 and 10:33 p. ra.
.STJNDATS— 8:03. 10:08 a. ra.. 12:08. lUi
8:30. 6:00. 0:45 p. m.
* v«b. THROTJOH TRAINS.
6:85 a. m. week- days — Cazadero and wtiy •
atatlooa.-' ' ¦ '
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan ililla and iray
stations.- -¦¦• . . • • ss»
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills i0« u
stations. <-•¦¦• *MUsa*4j*MB»M|!«MaBSvsjajajBjsaaw2ZaMiaflBi
L*cal Holiday boats and trains will ru oa
¦asday time. • < ¦ ' ¦ ..
WeeklyrGall» $1 per Year
y ; j railway ; travel:; vO j;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY Jca
V .'..-• ->¦•¦. -. - LESSEES -'^ .>. : - :
SAN FRANCISCO AND; NORTH PACIFIC
; .'--y RAILWAY 'COMPANY/^ :
Tibufon Ferry.* Foot of Market St/
Caii FransUco 10 San RafaaL . *¦ \\
\V£EK" DAYS— 7:30. »: 00. 11:00 a. m.{ 13 -.M..
8:30. 6:10. 8:30 p. ia. Thursday* — Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m.. Saturdays — Extra- trip* « .
1:60 and U:80 p. m.
SUNDAT3— 8:00. »;30. U:00 a. m,; 1:50. 3:3^
• :00. 6:20 pi m. . . -j-
,'.;' t>aa Kliiaj; io ! iC\ Fr«ncl«co. v; "'"- ;
WEEK. DATfS— «:10, . I:6U, >:w, UUv a. m. 1 ;'
;i58:«. 8:40, 6:16 p. m. 6*t\utav^-Sxtn
trips at 1:60 and 6:35 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. li:lo a. ml; 1:40. 3:10.
6:05. «:2S p. m.. . .-,.._•. ;
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Franciaco. |Apr. 28. 1801) San FrancUoe.
Week I Bun- |- ~ I • Sun- I Week
Day. I day a. | DeatlnaUon | daya. | Day*.
7:30an> 0 :00am Nova to. 10:40am 8:40am
a :30pm 8:30am Pttaluma, 6:05pm 10:23am
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Ro«a. T :88pm fl:20pa
• . • •¦¦¦.' Fuitoa.: * ' • ¦¦ • ¦ • •' ¦' ¦
; T :30am ¦¦. , Windsor.'/ -> 10:2&aoi
¦ . 6:00pm HealcUtmrs, 10:40am
: * . ¦.. ' '...- ', Lyttcn." . ..- . ¦ •,;
- " ' GeyMrvlUe,
• :30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:Mpm 6:30pm
! 7:30am 8:00pm Hopland, ¦ 10:40am 10 :25am
' >;3uDln 8 :00am and ukiali. .,7:8Spm| tiaopm
7:30am '" ~ J ~~ 10:40am 10:28u>
, - 8:00am GaeratriU*. 1:86pm
:8:80pm 0:00pm ¦' . . e;gQpm
7 :30am 8 :00am Sonoma B :15am 8:40aa
:y-'"-. ¦• ¦ - ¦ *ad - ' .-...-...¦
6:10pm 6:00pin Glen Ellen. 6:08pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| - ¦ - • )10:40am|10:25am
S:30pm| 6:00pm| Sebastorol. [ 7:35pm| fl :20pm
6ta«e> connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark Weat
Bprlng* and Whlt« Sulphur Spring*; at Pultoa
lor Altruria; at 1 Lytton for Lytton Spring*: at
Gey nervine for Skarsa Spring? ;. at ClovetoaU
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Bprlngs, Highland; Bprlngs. KelieyvUle. Carls.
bad Sprlnc-a. Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlngs; at Uklah Xor Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring*.' Upper Lake, Porno, -, Potter Valley.
John Day" ¦, Riverside. Uerley's, Buclcneiri!
Santoedrin^'Helghti, --BolMU* - Orr-* -_Hat
Kprlnrs, Mendoclno City. Fort HtWtgK, W««t-
port^-traal. : ; - WlUlta, Laytonville. Cammlna.
Bell's Springfl. Barns, .. Olaen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. - v ¦* >¦¦• l • --• ¦' ¦
Baturdajr to Monday round- trip ticket* at re-
duced-rates. ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦.-;*¦¦¦ ," • . :¦-.--
. on Sundays round-trip, tickets - to All points
beyond San Rafael at bait rates." .•-¦" * . j
Ticket office. - 680 Market street. - , ChronlcU
kulldlng. • - '¦ - "¦ " ¦¦;••• -• ->
-H. C. WH1TINO. R.X. U RTAN,
.- ¦ -¦-¦;¦-: Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS .RAILWAY
- ¦¦¦ Leave . Via Sausalito Ferry - Arnve
San Fran. . Foot of Market St. 'San Fran..
Week i Sun- i nliA*- _ .:i..^:,2i. Sun- Week-
9-30 A. S:0Oa. ZT. lMmb^ u.« „ *» 1-00 F. 9:45 A.
ru«, Su rnsalm I* Summit >ad Rstnrn. H.M. ' 3BS§5
TtakrtOOcw. «31 HAJUUSt 8TRZSI tod SACSjOHO MWlt. •
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABXT ST. Published
In 1S34 for tbe treatment of Pflvate
Diseases. Lost Manbood. . Debility or
diMtaie- wearingon body and mind' and
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cores whea
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(.'umgnarantred. Callorwxte
Ur. J. JT. CtlBBOJf. ban Franclaco. CaL ' _¦QUEENSTOWN, • Jan. - 3.— The Cunard liner
Campania, which < sailed from ¦ New : York ¦ De
cember 2S for - Liverpool ' and arrived ; here . to
day, rei>orts • that fierce weather , was • encoun
tered : on tbe trip - and . that : she . was i forced to
proceed at reduced speed • on : December 31 and
Jujury-1.- _^ . ¦ : •
[-John' D. Lefevre. was ; held • to -answer,
before, the Superior. Court 5 by Judge Fritz
; yesterday ion - the^'chargeS of 'assault -.•' to
, murder : in '91000 ibonds.-i-«. He Iwas i charged
: with ' firing a shot • at : Morton • Gey er ,"•; a i ca
ble^ car ; conductor; * In - the -Western 'Add!-"
'tlon on November. 6 last. ' " r (
Shot at a Coiiductor.
Street Contract [ Is Nullified.
4 : Fred Trieste appeared before/ Judge Ca
baniss yesterdayjori flve'fcharg'esXof petty,
.larceny. " .The ; complaining 'witness -; was
James Basch, wholesale woolens," 809 Mar
ket ;• street,' who : informed ;the 'Judge | that
Trieste had paid .the value of ; the goods
stolen and he did • not want? to • prosecute
him. The case was dismissed. • ¦
Saved, From 1 Prosecution.
Kpocked Down by. Automobile. ; "
C. '.jC. -"¦¦ Hopkins,' : salesman • in VT.- ; h; ) B.'
Varney's vautomoblle ':' establishment? ion
Market ¦street," was,charg<?d:iri = Judge",Mo
gan's court' yesterday -with- battery -and
the "¦ case -.was continued ', till . January v J.-
Hopkins ¦; was '; driving . an v automobile on
Market i street i Thursday,- afternoon v and
collided with Bernard Allvett/aboy,' frac-'
turlngthe boy's thigh. : -r ; ;r
: ' ;Sauer- Appears: in; Court.
, Frank- Sauer,",; the -special \ officer .; who
fired. five ? shots .Thursday "'over, the : heads
of : a ': gang of "rrien ,whb ,were ' at : work ¦ in "a
trench »at ! ¦ Michigan V and i Twenty-third
streets,; appeared , iri -fhe ? dock " of Judge
Mogan's : court . yesterday.. He "looked
meek ; and 1 humble from . the' thrashing j he
received \ at ! the ¦ hands "of Corporal ; Shan
nahan,: who- arrested "him. Judge Mogan
continued ;the hearing- of * the case until
the 8th. inst. ..r'.;-, .-v-'-r .^- ;.
Eligible as Dairy Inspectors.
V Captain ;Salmund's suit' of yesterday Is
in answer uto his wife's charges.. He de
nies that he; deserted his wife and claims
that-; he ' has: never failed'' to; act : toward
:his ;spouse' as a good- and, dutiable hus
band; should." * ¦ In his ; cross-complaint -the'
captain charges .¦ his wife with .treating
him . cruelly/— He ' alleges 'that = she s is ' in
sanely jealous and | ha3 frequently had ' his
footsteps ¦ dogged ;• by ¦ private detectives in
her \ efforts •< to v prove r him ?; an unfaithful
¦ husband, v Salmund further ? alleges * that
he. frequently-, took : his wife, north with
him. on ; his :vessel;ibut that she made her
self ; so . obnoxious ; that , he received I orders
from' hls'employerscto leave her at T home.'
, Mrs. - Salmund, =', alleges v her/ husband,
slapped, his v face SeveralUtimes,';threat
ened . to ; shoot { him on '¦ another;; occasion;
; and then j followed ¦ him to a house ; on Pine
street, and- abused • him' in . the • presence - of
-his • friends. -r'.'.J *.v.-- .;:¦;.•.' . ¦:¦ . >
•'-- The/ captain - further ¦ alleges that" .his
.wife swallowed ' a . powder In his presence
one: day : and '-then Informed, him .that "she
, had taken poison,' .thereby / causing : him
great > mental ? anguish: y-V- ¦"--•¦"». .;. - .
Captain '. Colin ', Saihiundi': who for the
last twelve years has been An command
r SSlS&?^? a ™.^r Wellington,,? and "who\ Is
one .' of ; the ' iribst '. popular sailing masters
[running out-of this port/ is suing his wife,
:to ' whom :'¦: he- . was: "marrfed in 1887,
f or . ¦¦ divorce .*- on t ;, the i ' ground • of (ex
treme fcruelty.-. .: His?t complaint; was
filed ¦. yesterday, ?j and l\ according* to; it
Jie -has had" a. merry : time 'of • it ' since
embarking 6n:the sea of matrimony.: The
; suit was brought; about through Mrs. Sal
mund's. efforts to . secure' $100 > from the
captain every, month.: She filed a 1 suit: for
maintenance December 10" of ; last, year,' in
.which she asked the" court to compel her
husband^torpayher $100 a] month for! her
support?," alleging In her complaint that he
had. deserted her.' .; -¦-'.-.•:. ;
'. THe'offlcers and members' of, this'cdrjQ'mit
tees having the affair In charge vwere: ftr.|
Olflcers— ¦William H. ; Jordan,' president;) John
W.-Rlchards; vice president. . •••»^'ii
• Entertainment - committee— Ed ward ¦. L.". Bald
win (chairman),* ¦- Norman : R.'- Arter,'" O. ;A.T,
Scheer, C. C. • Wadsworth,'; M.V D. ; ¦ M.\- R. ; Krig
baum. •" . •¦•*¦ •"".•-'. "•-'•-.. ¦• '- *" ';¦•' '•' : *
Reception ¦ committee — Hon. ;. Norton P. Chlp
man/Rolla * V. Watt, ', Colonel' A..J Apdxe.vs, '; H.
H.. Colby, F.'> H.' Bushnell, >F. , A.'.Blocksom,-
Benjamin B. Haskell; . Robert" E.'- Dickinson,' E.-
J.' ' Ensign. H:- H. : Fassett, 7 W.;. Fassett,;,W. -. D. ?
Fennlmore, E. i "W., Currier, ~W. ¦ H.- Minor,- Hon.
W.-.-C.; Van '-Fleet;? Henry Hilp, . Louis P. . Mc-
Carty, B. F. McKlnley,' Fred . B.'; Maule, Byron
Jackson Jr., Dr. E. 'A:: Kelley.-L.: F.VTuttle,
H. 'Wadsworth, A." Arter. F. ; B..WestcottrJ.'A.
Whiteslde, < N. • H. ¦ Baughman. ,¦¦"¦ • , ' . -. f
Native Sons' Hall was filled -last, even
ing with members' a'nd~lhvited guests - of
the Ohio Society of California.', The; occa-.
Bion was a social '. given by \ the ''-¦ ofganlzay
tion. \ The guests .listened .to !• a; splendid .
programme .-arid'/ 'discussed^ their /native
State! : ; Refreshments ',-, were ; ; " served ',- \ in;
abundance. - , '- ~ . ,- > " " :''¦*-
Music waa; furnished c.by/. the ¦ United
States marine band.'- The musicians 'were
attired in brilliant ¦ uniforms, t. The r hall
was decorated in gay, colors.:* The- stage
presented- the appearance*. of <aV Japanese
tea ', garden ¦ .with its - lattice-work . and
plants. .¦'•: . ¦ : ¦ :-. .-.;:, -; ; : ->v : :/, > -'[¦,'.
The programme rendered was as ; fol
lows:. -.-¦• ' ;¦:.--•. ¦¦¦>- ,r,r. •r:'--.'.. : .-->'U-;- : .T-f
Overture, "Comique" (Belsslg); magrlcal , art.
'Angus ' N. MacDonald ; "DeuBo - des '¦ Sultonea,".
Polat and 'Daniels; selection, ;. Miss .'Either
Macomber; waltz. "Mlsterlo" ; (Artlz) ; r'Muglca
Probita" (Gastaldon).; Miss 8. ,Rottanzl; ; (Mlsa'
M 'Rottanzi, accompanist); quartet from- "Rifc-'
oletto" (Verdr) ; < "ZlKeunerwelsen" '., (Sarasate),
Professor T>.~ Cantilena; march,-"The Tuvlriclbl©
Eagle"-'- (feousa); duet,'--"LaKrlmas," •¦ VHaba
nera" (S. Arrlllaga),. words by' J: Costa, Misses
S. arid-M. Rottanzi; "Tremolo" "(Gottschalk),
Miss- H.-Andrade; Cathedral; Mandolin -.Club;
duet, Dr. F. Bonlno and, Miss .Welch; Cathedral
Mandolin Club. 1 . - ,¦•:.':•-;:.
The most Important matter to come be
fore the 'convention;, will be the> passage
of resolutions urging the re-enactment of
the Chinese exclusion law and Its exten
sion to all Asiatic labor. The delegates
will discuss • the antl-lnjunctlon bill and
outline a policy to secure the best repre
sentation in JState and. Federal.legisla
tive * bodies. The convention will also
seek to secure the enforcement of ; the
eight-hour law on . all oGvernment • work.
- It- is • stated - the convention will recom
mend : that the labor organizations take
steps ' to - place In . nomination ' candidates
for i Governor, , Congressmen .. and a com
plete State' legislative ticket. ' .
Secretary' 1 Guy, Lathrop denied yester
day that the - convention would take any
such step, but that it would probably de
cide to indorse such candidates as were •
favorable to the labor unions. . •'¦ ' ." ¦
President CD. Rogers of^Oakland will
call the convention to order, and among
those ; who are expected to take a promi
nent part are " Harry W. Smith of Val
lejo. M. Davis '¦: of San Francisco. - F. C.
"Wheeler of ; Los • Angeles, W. McArthur
of , San'- Francisco, T. Johnston . of. Sacra
mento,' T H. Rodgers of- the State Printing
Office and E. r Rosenberg of San* Fran
cisco. The delegates \ will : leave Monday
morning: at-7:3O on the steamer Monticello
from Mission-street .wharf No. 2.
The California State" Federation of La
bor will hold Its second annual convention
at r Samoset Hall, Vallejo, on Monday
next,' and will be In session for three days.'
It. is expected that more than 200 dele
gates .representing the. various ; labor
unions ? throughout the State will . attend.'
Delegates Expected to Authorize
Nomination of Political Can- .
. didates.
LABOR OEGANTZAIONS
TO HOLD CONVENTION
Captain of the* Steamer
Wellington Sues for ;
Divorce. •
Brilliant Gathering in
N^bwW Sons' Hall ' ;
" Last .Night. '
JEALOUS WIFE
CAUSES TROUBLE
Mayor-elect Schmitz will be requested
to be present at. the meeting of the com
mittee this evening and give such' sug
gestlpns as his judgment may, dictate.
It is believed that ¦ he ..has .: many sugges
tions to offer, and the apparent Intention
Js to defer-to his wishes as far as pos
sible. > , , ¦ .. ¦ ¦
Supervisor Curtis will probably remain
'.n his present position as chairman of the
Street Committee.*' The same may be said
of Booth, whose record < as the -head - of
the Printing Committee has given, great
satisfaction to all elements.' 'Branden
stetn is slated for the 'chairmanship of
the Finance Committee, which is general
ly regarded as the stepping stone to the
Mayoralty. Comte - has had his . eye on
the same- position, but it* is .practically
settled that, he will . be ' given the chalr
fchlp of the Judiciary Committee,; of
which he has been . a member for two
> ears. Connor will ' retain ¦ his • place as
head of the -Water Committee, .while
Dwyer will continue as of old at the head
of - the Fire Committee. Boxton ; will be
chairman of the Police Committee, of
which Tobin was the. head. It is hinted
lbat Braunhart is also seeking the same
honor,, but the . disposition is' to . pjt
Braunhart at the •. head of the- Public
Utilities '; Committee. < D'Ancona ¦ is the
logical head of the Hospital Commlttf e
and his selection- seems- a, certainty. The
minor committees - will -. be ; divided ' among
the new Supervisors, who are in the min
ority," and therefore in no position to
make demands for ¦ the more influential
committees. -'.
Board of Supervisors last night. • There
were present Messrs. Alpers, Bent, Booth,
Bokton,: Braunhart,^ Comte, Connor, Cur
tjs, D'Ancona, Dwyer, Kggers, . Lynch,
McClellan, Wilson and Wynn. Messrs.
I Brandgnstein, Payot and Sanderson were
absent; Neither Mayor Phelan nor
'Mayor-elect Schmitz was : in attendance.
While the primary object of the meet
ing was to give the members ' of the in
coming board an opportunity 'of making
each other's acquaintance, considerable
time' was devoted to the discussion: of the
personnel .of •„ the various - committees of
the board which are to be made up. TKis
duty, is generally performed by the mem
bers who agree among themselves as to
>he chairmanship of the committees. This
accomplished they are formally, presented
to the board by. the Mayor for ratifica
tion.
• Although no deci.ied rivalry for the
more important committees, 'such as
water, gas, fire, police and . streets, ' has
thus far manifested itself,. there is a hard
fight being waged. in secret by various of
the - holdover members for the principal
honors. After an hour's discussion last
night it was apparent that no agreement
could be reached, and on , motion *_• of
Supervisor Booth, Chairman Braunhart
appointed a subcommittee of six to make
up a committee list and present it to tbe
majority of the board for action after
the meeting on.; Monday next. The com
mittee consists . of Messrs. Braunhart,
Conn6r and Dwyer, representing • 'the
Democratic * members of. the -board;
Messrs. Wilson. and Boxton, Republicans,
and Supervisor-elect Wynn, .Union Labor
party. The committee will meet in the
chambers of the board to-night and pre
pare the committees.. The selections will
be subject to the approval of the remain-
Ing members next Monday. , •
* t A cocference 1 of the Supervisors-elect
was held in the committee room of the
to Determine Upon the Chair
manships. • •
Members . Appoint a .Subcommittee
SUPERVISOBS TO ARBANGE
THE COMMITTEES TO-NIGHT
OHIO SOCIETY
GIVES A SOCIAL
W. H. Seamans. late adjutant general
of the State of California, was born in
the town of Harford, Susquehanna Coun
ty, Pennsylvania, September 14, 1834. .
He was living in Massachusetts at the
outbreak of the Civil War, and in Octo
ber, 1881. he enlisted in the Thirtieth.Regi
ment of Volunteers from that State.' In
December following he was ' made first
lieutenant, his regiment being at the time
attached to General N. -P. Bank's com
mand in the Department of the Gulf. In
the spring of 1862 he was ordered to Ship
Island, on the Louisiana coast, just above
the mouth of the Mississippi, and in Au
gust following resigned on account- of 111-
- "When asked by the friend- as. to - the
cause cf his sudden flight Marron refused
to say. but intimated that he was In dan
ger of going to jail..
"Don't, say that you saw me. he^re
marked to his friend as he boarded the Ore
gon express. "Keep my destination to
y As soon as the police learned that Mar
ron was on his way to the north they sent
telegrams to the Chiefs of Police of Port
land, Tacoma and Seattle, asking them to
be on the lookout for him. All day yes
terday an expert was going over the
books of Marron, Taut as far as is known
there was nothing wrong discovered. The
wife of the missing shipping clerk still
clings to her belief that he is the victim
of foul play. » ¦•: • • . -
She discredits the story that he was
seen boarding a train for the north, and
challenges the informant of the police to
prove his statement that he met her hus
band at the Sixteenth-street station.
Marron, according to the police, has
been leading a gay life, and, expecting
trouble, left the city, deserting his wife
and infant boy.
, "I am up against it," he is said to have
remarked, "and rather than disgrace my
wife and child I- am going to Seattle. I
intend to do what is right."
George Marron, shipping clerk for San
born, Vail & Co.. whose mysterious disap
pearance was' reported to the police
Thursday, night, is on his way to Seattle.
On the day that Marron disappeared he
was seen at the Sixteenth-street station.
Oakland, and to a friend, whom he first
tired to avoid, he, said he was in serious
trouble and. Intended to go north.
Absent ShippiDg Clerk
Is Seen Boarding the:
Oregon Express.
<< to-day after an '¦ illness of
three weeks. The immediate cause of
death was inflammation of ."the heart and
lungs which followed an acute attack of
inflammatory rheumatism. He is sur
vived by a widow and married daughter,
Mrs. Grace E. L. Barnes of Sacramento.
Seamans was prominent as a member of
the G. A. R. and Loyal Legion. Tbe re
mains, accompanied by the . widow and
under" the escort of .Douglas 'White of
San Francisco, will.be taken to that city
and the interment will probably be in the
national cemetery at the Presidio.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.—Briga
dier General JVilliamH. Sea
mans,"." adjutant general of
California, , died in this ,: city
health from fevers, contracted in the low
lands 'Of-* that section. , ..'
¦ In November following he was maJe
captain of Company G,.Forty-flrst Mas
sachusetts Volunteers, . and ' ln< December
next" after was attached to the staff of
General Grover, commanding' a division
of- the Nineteenth Army Corps. During a.
part of this period .Captain Seamans was
provost marshal of Baton Rouge, and
also participated in the battles of Port
Hudson and Bayou La Fourche. He again
resigned July 23, 1863, on account of phy
sical disability.
Some time, after the close of the war
Captain Seamans came, to California and
settled in Los Angeles; where he engaged
in various pursuits. ••>..: .
He later became -better known' to the
people - of California through the medium
of. the Los Angeles Tribune, on the staif
of which he served for some time.. He
had held several local offices previous to
President Harrison's election, and was by
him appointed Registrar of the Land Of
fice In Los Angeles. After, the expiration
of (his term he accepted an -appointment
under Governor Budd's administration as
clerk in the Lunacy Commission. He was
a member of the. Grand Army of the'Re
public and the Loyal Legion, being com
mander-in-chief ( of the g latter organiza
tion at the time of Gage's candidacy for
the Governorship, and' in recognition of
hlsTservices In that gentleman's behalf
was by him appointed to the office of ad
jutant {general June, 1899, which office he
held u^til his death.
THE LATE ADJUTANT GENERAL OF THE NATIONAL GUARD OF.
CALIFORNIA, WHO DIED AT; WASHINGTON YESTERDAY AFTER
AN ILLNESS OF- THREE WEEKS. '•. ' . •.
MARRON ON HIS
WAY TO SEATTLE
ASKS DAMAGES FROM -
THE UNION IBON WOBKS
Russian Company . Alleges That
Steamboat Machinery Built for It
.. Has Latent! Defects.
Suit was filed yesterday In the United
States Circuit Court by the Union Com
pany, a Russian corporation, with head
quarters at Blagoveschensk, Siberia,
against the Union Iron Works of this city
to recover $32,050 damages alleged to have
been sustained by reason of a /violation
of a machinery, contract. The. com plaint
recites that" the defendant contracted, to
build, certain machinery for a steamer to
run on the Amoor River, the machinery to
be delivered, at -Vladivostok, and that by
reason of latent- defects in. the machinery
it was unfit for the uses intended. In con
sequence of such defects the steam, cylin
der of the engine exploded while U»e
steamer was on the Amoor River, neces
sitating Xhe landing of the cargo on the
river bank and causing damage to the ex
tent of $32,050. John H. Miller is attorney
for the plaintiff. . . - '
Hunter Dismisses His Suit.
The j suit of James Hunter against
Thomas Pollard, Calvin Stewart and other
directors of the v Bear Harbor Lumber
Company to recover $400,000 damages for
alleged mismanagement of the company's
affairs was dismissed yesterday on mo
tion of counsellor the, plaintiff in Judge
Kerrigan's court. ' .
Finds Half Horses.
Assistant Secretary McCurrie of the So
ciety for the Prevention of. Cruelty to
Animals states that he found a number of
horses-belonging to George Green in a
half-starved condition in the Gum Forest
yesterday. Green could not be located
but it is said that he will be arrested for
cruelty as soon as-possible..
Mayor Phelan, before retiring from pub
lic station to taste the sweetness of
private life, will appoint a Park Com
missioner to succeed Colonel Walter Mar
tin. If he were so minded he could trans
fer the responsibility of choosing Colonel
Martin's successor to Mr. Schmltz. but
the outgoing Mayor is keenly sensible of
the fact that the incoming Mavor will
have a world of trouble in distributing
the official patronage which rightfully be
longs to the new regime.
Park Commission the Test.
As Colonel Martin is a Democrat it may
be argued by the Jeff ersonians' that Mar
tin's successor should acknowledge al
legiance to the Democratic party. It is
common belief in San Francisco that the
park board is the best commission that
Mayor Phelan appointed. It is good, cer
tainly in one respect.- The Mayor could
not exact a promise of the commissioners
before their appointment and could not
force obedience to his will afterward.
There Is strong belief that Mr. Schmitz
will pay tribute tp Phelan's sound judg
ment tn the selection of Park Commis
sioners by reappointing John A. Stanton.
Here is an example of harmony. Stanton
is an artist' with brush and palette -and
Schmitz is an artist in music. Art is at
last in the ascendant.
Will Demand Office Next Monday.
The opinion of the City Attorney that
the Mayor and other officials elected in
November last cannot be inducted into
office before January 8 will not change
the purpose of those elected to visit the
City Hall Monday noon and make formal
demand for the places to which they were
respectively chosen* The law' seems to
be plain enough that the present regime
was elected to ser,ve for a term of two
years and having taken office on January
S. i900. are entitled to hold until 12 p. m.
of January 7. Acting on the advice of his
counsel Mr. Schmltz will present himself
at the Mayor's office Monday next and
signify his readiness to relieve Mr. Phe
lan. The Mayor-elect is advised that fail
ure to appear at that time might result
to his disadvantage in the event- of a
court decision that his term of office be
gins on the first Monday after the first
day of January.
Other members of the board were not
favorably inclined to Fay, although will
ing to appoint a successor to Russell. At
all events the scruples of at least ten of
the Supervisors have been overcome and
the resolution will be introduced next
Monday. The resolution will be adopted
immediately, and unless some hitch in
the proceedings occurs Fay will be pro
vided with a comfortable billet of $300 per
month- The resolution will be introduced
by : Supervisor . Braunhart. who acts ; for
the Mayor In little matters of this de
scription. . v.\ •
. The programme decided on some weeks
ago to appoint Charles Fay \ to succeed
John A. Russell as clerk of the Board of
Supervisors will in all likelihood be car
ried out at next Monday's meeting of the
board.' This will be the final meeting of
the Supervisors and will be the last
chance Mayor Phelan will have to secure
a soft berth for the man who has been
his private secretary ever since the late
William Sullivan resigned the position
to become Chief of Police.
At the last meeting of tne board Mayor
Phelan, in adjourning the meeting over
until Monday morning instead of tne aft-,
ernoon. as is the usual custom. - signifi
cantly said that there might be some
business to settle up in the event that the
City Attorney should decide that the in
coming city ofhcials should assume office
at 12 o'clock noon on Monday instead- of
on Wednesday, as he has 'since decided.
It i3 quite likely that his Honor had in
mind. the prospective appointment or his
best man to the responsible position held
by Rutsell. N
An attempt was to have been made one
month ago to supplant Mr. Russell, who
has been a sick man for months and un
able to attend to his duties. Some of the
Supervisors were averse to ousting Rus
sell, who has served the city faithfully
for more than thirty years. They felt
that it would be in bad taste to dismiss
a man who lies- on a sickbed from which
he will probably never arise.
The residence 'of Julius Gall, 2131 Broad
way, was entered on New Year's night
between 8 and 11:30 o'clock. AH the mem
bers of the family and the servants "had
left the house, about the former hour.
When the members of the family returned
'it, was at once seen that some one had
been there during - their absence. Every
room in the house had- been. visited. Bu
reau drawers . had- been .thoroughly
searched for plunder, and even the mat
tresses, on the beds had been thrown on
the floors. \ •¦¦'¦'
Among the articles of jewelry stolen
were a pair of diamond and torquolse ear
rings, ¦ a. ; diamond ¦ and •¦ sapphire N ring, a
lady's gold watch and neck chain, a
lorgnette and- pair of opera-glasses, gold
link cuff buttons, gold key chain and oth
er; articles to the value of between 5400
and $500.. The burglary was reported .to
the police,; and Detectives « Harper and
Armstrong were detailed^on the case by
C^aptain Seymour.
Captain Seymour yesterday received a
list of the articles found on Cereghino and
Lowell when arrested in Sacramento, and
there was no doubt they had been stolen
from the Gall residence. After procuring
the warrant • from Judge Cabaniss he de
tailed Detectives Crockett and Armstrong
to go to Sacramento and bring them back.
. Cereghino and Lowell were released
from San Quentin on December 16 last.
.They had been sentenced on two charges
of burglary, but after serving- their first
term and -a. part of the -second they were
released on a writ of habeas corpus,' as
both sentences should have run concur
rently.' .
Ttfo ex-convlcts,. Eugene Cereghlno and
Charles Uowell, who were arrested in Sac
ramento . Thursday, .night \ while dlsposlne
of a lot of jewelry, will be brought to this
city.: by Detective's Crockett and Arm
strong to answer a charge of burglary.
A warrant was sworn out for their arrest
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday after
noon. '; ' . - - -'.
They, Broke Into Residence
of Julius Gall on
Broad-way.
Final Conference Called to
Adjust the Committee
Chairmanships.
T"vvo Ex-Convicts 'Are
Under Arrest in
Sacramento.
May Succeed Russell in !
Office of Board of
Supervisors. ' \
Adjutant General of the National Guard of
California Dies at Washington From
Inflammation ; of the "Heart and Lungs
FAY IS SLATED
FOR CLERKSHIP
CROOKS CAUGHT
WITH PLUNDER
WILLIAM M. SEAMANS
IS CALLED TO REST
THE SAN FKATSr CISCO CALL, SATUEDAT', JANUARY 4, 1902.
14
As a result of the recent civill service
examinations for dairy Inspectors the fol-_
lowing, list of eligibles in , the "order.".; of"
their ' standing 'has • been ' certified ; to the '
Board of Health:: James C. Quinlan, Ells
worth r C. Smith. Edward B. • O'Connqtf,
Augusttlten, William E. Lend rum ,£2Jhrt*
thew J.* Brady, Andrew N.- Dethlef son,'
John ' J. Sullivan. " James r J. ¦ Flannagar.,-
Henry P. Giannini, Charles •W. : Apgar,
Thomas A.'O'Rourker Sylvester J.' Carty,
Enoch Lv- Jewett,* John E J O'Brien , Alger
non S. • Ashe, J. H.'-P. ¦ Gedge, William • F.
Thomas, ?William ; Heffernan and Richard
H." Patterson. ; . .¦'¦_.. :¦¦ ••
- The : Board - of works , yesterday
"lidopted .' a r resolution nullifying \ aYpennit
granted 1 to" ; ; the * San - Francisco ; Construe-'
tion Company . to ,' construct \ an Ironstone
pipe; sewer -in: Fredericks street* between
Buena Vista s and -Masonic . avenue. "The
company • neglected ' to- begin* work' within i
the.tlrae specified In the> permit.
9 DEPARTMENTS
REPRESENTED IN
TO-DAY'S GREAT SALE.
. — \
WRAPPERS. -
Rf>r T,t T 'fe^lar $1.00 : WOMEN'S
y CFy FLANNEL WRAPPERS.
$% 1 ; OQ *"or -nwular $1.50 WOMEN'S
9 li y £ ' FLANNEL. WRAPPERS.
-^* These «WrapDers are lined, flounced and
trimmed. . Sizes 32 to 46.;
; WpMEiS'o OVERSKIRTS.
$1.1 5 ' ISflR^i Ular " $2 -°° TALKING
63.15;;^ R^m^e'oVlne I^o^
V cloth, flounced and trimmed.
»*> CLOAKS.
' $ 1 .05 F or regular ; $3.50 CLOAKS.
:gO Qg For resrular $5.50 CLOAKS."
: These Cloaks are made of AH-Wool T Mel-'!
.ton Cloth, etyllshly made and lined with'
best materials; sizes 2 to 8 years. '
'WOMEN'S UNDERSKIRTS. '
. , "We've " taken s about one hundred : of • our
regular $1.00. and $1.25 Skirts for, to-day'a
Special * Sale — your choice to-day -BL t\ *+ •
only of this lot . . . . : . : O UC !
'.'<-': Flounces" of ', these ! Skirts are lined and"
trimmed . with •< Ruffles, . Cords and r Accor-
¦ t deon Plaltlngs ; come In " all the new. colors. >
!7'A*r> For our regular $1.25 <BL-ACK-
¦iTtvand .WHITE . MERCERIZED
; SATEEN -SKIRTS., - ' .._ ~t : -7 .
CQr'I'or- our i regular $1.50- BLACK '
Ot/W ITALIAN SATEEN SKIRTS. -
DRESSING SACQUBS.\:
"^.Qr»' ?For ' our regular 1 .75c EIDER-
. "4- *jy ; DOWN DRESSING SACQUES.^
OCfeW' For "our recular" $1.00 EIDERl
:O«7V^ DOWN DRESSING SACQUES
WOMEN'S; WAISTS.
Q Ckc ¦ For UBu al -75c GERMAN FLAN-
¦OyCrNEL; WAISTS^, ;..-•¦• ; *-*;'
OO^» For usual $1.23 GERMAN FLAN-
O*7C;nel waists. .^ . Ai \ J ;- UAN -
' Ct 1 1* Q C| . For '-. usual ', $2.50 s, FRENCH j
' 5J> 1 iO y- FLANNEL WAISTS. " £ ' 1N >
I '-These,. Waists arer lined : throughout
¦ nicely made ¦ and ¦ trimmed ; :• sizes 32 to 44 '
>j;v'>.-VV>-yHOiItirtY.v>. i v: / '.-';¦¦: ¦
Q^-, Pair— For 'i our '. reffular " 12i«c WO-
' OV MEN ' s BLACK COTTON HOSE. • \
-'¦» Ckr- "' "¦ Patr-^-For " our : regular - S5c : WO-
;.*VV 'MEN'S "ALL-WOOL HOSE. -
IOl« ¦ Pair— For - ; our iresrular 20c
1 <£.i\* : C H I L D R E N'S HEAVY O"
", FINE ; RIBBED ; COTTON HOSE. ; ;
: -^ These Hosiery •' Specials : are ' fast colors':
-and 1 are; full finished.'- -..-... .^» .;-..- ¦¦
•;:co^bF.Ts.C;v ; ;-
C* QV> :'• For ! choice 'of j any , $1.00 CORSET
iVFC/.y- in • the . house. ,
' O Q /-»'" FoV ' choice f of " any $1.25 ' CORSET :
OB^yjlnJtbe^house.W
¦ These ' Corset ' Specials are • • for ' to-day!
1 only. ""You ; can ¦ call for • any ; of the : prom-
inent' $1.00 and $1.25 Corsets and get them*
to-day at the Special Price. . .^r
;;:;v"::; ? ;. ? NficK : ;RUFFs^ '-'.•'
: . Every NECK RUFF * and . : JABOT in the
I house reduced : ONE-HALF.-SaaftaiMMBBgW|
">JK1.5O for $3.00 Ruffa.r * '» .: 'v. \
; r $2 JM) for $5.00 Ruffs. ; . ' C ;\\
; v -i 75c for $1.50 Jabots. 1 . y
. $l.OO.for,$2.00 Jabots. .,.-.,¦*..'.', ; : ; ./?«. >.
OPEN;TO-NIGHT TILL 11- O^CLOCK. / : :
1212-1214 MAJRKET *ST ,;
-2 Bet." Taylor and Jonas.
SPECIAL BARCAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
"WHO Is interested In SAVING' MONEY and
Jsssenlng ths cost of LIVING see us. Write
to us. Give ' us a trial order and be CON-
VINCED.
Granulated Best Cane Su?ar, 22 lbs. . .$1
Extra Dry Spreckels Beet.
Fairbanks' Gold Dust, 3-lb. pkg: 15c
Saturday only.
Choice California Floor, 50-lD.sjck.. 80c
-Extra special." Reg. 90c. — ¦">
Choice Point Reyes Butter, square. . -37*c •
2 squares 73c Reg:. BOcT
FINES I DHEJMESY BUTTER, rqaare.45c
Fine Butter our motto. Re«r. 55c.
PETAtUMA RARCH E66S, dozen.-. -.-25c
BESlftlSSiOH EGBS. dozen . . : 35c
" Received daily. Res. 45c. '
Fresh Shrimps, extra- quality can. . . . 10c
Unusual bargain. Res. 20c can.
01 i GoiL-Mmsnt Wiilsky, quart botiL 1 90c
Extra special. Res. $t 15.
6L0SS STARCH, 6-lb. bmf 50c
Kinssford's or Duryea's. Res. 65c.
Eastern buckwheat. Flour, UMbrsack 30c
Res. 45c. • . : . T-; '-:.—
POTATOES, best Salinas, box..-v. : .$!.5O
Res. n 85.- -•.--
Olio, Puro d'Oliio.v gal.......... S?.I5
.- Special -request. -Finest .Imported - ..
Olive Oil from - Toscana. Italy. ¦ •/-* t --*^-
' . . Res- $1 50. ¦ '-•¦-.
TABLE FRUITS. 2VI&. can:. I2£c
Peaches, ' Pears, Apricots,
Good quality. Res. 20c can.
Jesse Moore Whhky, quart bottle.... 65c
-"•". Reg. 85c.
Herring, New Holland Miichner, keg $1.10
Mixed, $1 00. Res. (1 55 and 91 25.
CREAM tUKE MUSH, 10 lbs 25c
- A bargain. Reg. 7 lbs. 25c. <
REDM. SOAP, 10 cakes — .25c '
Cleans, scours and polishes; Is
antiseptic. Rejr. 6 ¦¦ for 25c. - *
SANTA CLARA PRUNES, 5 Iil3 25c
Large size. Res- 3 lbs. 25c
SMALL WHITE BEANS. 6 lbs. 25c
Res. 4 lbs. 25c V
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS .
Can take advantage of these "special"
' sales. We ship free of charge within 100
miles on all orders excee'dins $5. Ask for
. monthly price list — free.
1348-1354 Mnrket Street.
OppV Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch* Stores.
/ ' : i- - :- ' .¦¦ ¦'¦
Skeens Palnlsss Strlotur* Car* eradicates everj
trace of Stricture, cleansing and fasalin-f f rorxtb«
start, allaying in&q tarnation and cnlargemcnl
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lest Vitality,
No cutting, dilating, drag-sing or bougies. \r«
positively gutrants* a thorough, painless and
permanent cure ia tvery case, and you caa
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, and it cost* nothini
to investigate. Our remedy Is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. ' Will mail in plain sealed envelope, ta
any address, our interesting book, "Aa Honest
Talk; 1 containing many testimonials, also, i
PPCP 15 DAYS*
"" ** EL EL TRIAL TREATMENT.
D. A. SXEEH C0.1 22 Atlas Bank Bid*., Cincinnati.^
dkmgnulty:
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND BKLIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist ewe* Blood Poison, Gonorrhata.Gleet,
Stricture, seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, free.
Ov#r20jrearj|>xperience.T<»rnm reasonable. Hour*.
9to3daily;S:.'5nto8.o0e-» 1 gs..Sind*y*, into 12. Con.^ul-
- tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ilOSCOE McXULTY, M. D.
2OK Kearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
><••-¦• ¦ *> ¦".-¦ ¦ ' ' ' ! ~~~~~~
Al PP nnill I Corner Fourth and
uRr^t HU I AL i r SS
. ¦ valises check 3d rre*
IBROWN W l
Pifty years of success -prove these
troches the simplest and; beat remedy
for > Coughs, > Hoarseness, » Bronchial
and Lung Troubles.*
: '!*> boxmm-novei' sold la bulk.
¦ Haie's is a busy place. Traveling Bags
So busy it makes folks talk, Reduced. "
for it isn't that nervous, buy- * * ,
in-a-himy busy-ness/ where Good bags, too; as" worthy and
• nobody thinks of anything. serviceable as any you can
but a sale. If we wanted to find-
be careless we 'could be. busier Haven't ~ full stocks, so< we
than we are, but we are build- can't ask full prices.
.; ing for the future. We don't $1.25 Shopping Bags, 50c.
.want 'the business worn out A^a^^jg^^^ &^.
in a year or two. STWhSS? "em £S^ J c a them 3£
As much, -difference in stores "^Ji*- 01 * flrs ; tlne D 50c eac ' ff
as there is between a light, 92.00 Traveling Bags, 75c.
. , - . j it. Sheep skin made to look like alligatorr steel
nOlSy Suburban train and the frame, brass trimmings, linen lined: not
•^ ,,,.,. ,..., many left— thafs iyhy w© are willing to
- powerful, gilding" limited. take so much less than they're worth for"
r . _-.--.¦ ¦ o . ¦ & them; 75c. regular value $2.
Swinging Mirrors $2.00.' $1.75 Congress Bags, 95c.
'' Worth S2 75. Genuine grain leather, cloth lined. Japanned
They have gold plated f rafhes with frame, braas trimmed: a bas we « been
French plated bevel edge glass, 6x9 « cllln ? re^f rly at ?1 * 5 ' to " day tor the
Inches. Usually J2.75. first time 9Sc.
Imitation Cut-Glass , $1.25 Va/lSeS at 50c.
SalvQ JarS at 15C. Imitation sheep skin, but so much like the
„._ „¦¦ - - ,-. •_ . ,r . real thing that you could not tell the dlr-
They are large size with gold plated or feren ce. They have two leather straps
silver gray tops. A very pretty orna- that go around and help to strengthen it;
ment for the dresser and at this low- . ]» a ther handles, nickel trimmings. A va-
ered price to-day will prove doubly at- use that has been marked $1 23. This
tractive. morning for the first time. 50c.
Choice French Creams 35c.
Our candies are as pure and wholesome as if you made them yourself.
They're made- especially for us and under expert care.
While we are aj the candy counter we must call your attention to
Oup Dandy Snap,. 2 ozs. at 5c.
Something we got up ourselves, made from the test maple iyrup. peanuts, cocoa-
nut and popcorn. It is the way it's cooked and recooked and baked that gives
It such a rich delicate flavor.
* / ¦ _
$1.00 Medallion Pictures at 65c.
We put on sale this morning a large and choice assortment" of medallion
pictures, size Hj4xi3j4 inches^ They have, gilt frames with 2-inch gilt mat
on which are various subjects in water colors. This special price of 65c
makes them a very tempting offer. ;i
Celluloid Photograph Frames 40c.
Cabinet size with easel back, gilt decorations. . . .
ADVEBTISEaiENTS.
- ' ft |
The Independent Gas and Power
Company announces that its new
and complete^ plant is rapidly being
finished, .... •.
It has placed orders for about ten
thousand (10,000) tons of pipe, and
has on hand about two thousand
(2000) tons, v
The laying of mains will com-
mence immediately after January
1st and be. prosecuted as rapidly as
possible. • ¦ -;• ;; "^
This company will make contracts
to supply gas for two years at the
rate of seventy-five (75)" cents per
thousand cubic feet in all districts
as rapidly as the necessary pipes can
be laid.
INDEPENDENT CAS and
POWER COMPANY.
A. M. HUNT, General Manager.
For best Cloth at Moderate r rices
GOTO
JOE P0HEI5I, THE TAILOR
ico Different Styles All Wool
£^ Suits to Order,
1!T $15.50 and $1730
A?\ /rV\ 150 Designs forDressy
/ \S |\ Suits to Order,
/ 7 l\ $ 25 * 09 and $ 30 ' 00
I J ' \!y Overcoats,
L Al I $20.00 and $25.00
n rHl * Pants t0 ° rder '
f I $450 to $10.00
I W\ soi-aoj Montgomery St.
I n\ iiio-iii* Market Street,
I i!^®\ Sr " FRANCISCO
tf^" LOS flNGELES |
SWORN STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND VALUE OX DE-
CEMBER 31. 1901. OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OF THE
Sim FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
A CORPORATION
' Dcir.r BusmeEs at
532 CALIFORNIA STREET
JJE. Corner of "Webb Street.
City and County of San Francisco,
State of California.
ASSETS.
1 — Promissory Notes, secured by
first lien on real estate within
this State, the actual value of
which notes is $12,931,516 S5
2 — Bonds of the United SStatr-s
Government and bonds und
stocks of munlcioal, quasi
public and Industrial corpora-
tions, standing: on the books
at 12 £33,504 60
The actual value belne $450,-
O00 00 in excess thereof.
Part of these are kept in the
vaults of this corsoration and
part In a box rented from the ¦
National Safe Deposit Co.. la
the city of New York.
S— Dank Premises 400,000 00
Situated at the northeast cor-
ner of California and Webb
streets, in the city of San
Francisco.
4— Other Real Estate 1.413.2T0 55
Situated in the State of Call-
• fornia; sart of it is productive,
and Its value is the amount
stated.
C— Loans on Bonds and Stocks... 2.778,799 24
All said bonds and stock certi-
ficates are kept in the vaults
of this corroratioa.
C— Safes and Furniture in the of-
fice of the Bank of the value
of 5.000 00
7 — Sundry Accounts In Process of ¦
Settlement 29.395 88
These accounts embrace amounts
' the final application of which
has not been determined. - ¦
8 — Cash in U. S. Gold and Silver
Coin 1,379,454 OS
Of which there is: ¦
In Vault $ 366.605 49
In Bank 1,012, S49 49
Total Assets .$31.770. 772*30
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~~
1 — To Depositors this corporation
owes deposits amounting to. Jr'XJfi
and the actual value of which
i*- 1 ..$30,026,451 55
The condition of said deposits is ¦ ,
that they are payable only out '"¦ '.>, — ' "
of said assets and are fully • ' • *i
*ect!i«d thereby.
2 — To Stockholders:
Capital Stock.$l,000,000 00
Reserve Fund. 230.007 60
The actual value of which
is 51,230,907 60
The condition of said liability
• to Stockholder* is. - that no
part of the amount can be
• paid to them, or in any way
withdrawn exceDt in payment
of losses, durin? the existence
cf the corporation, nor until
all depositors shall have been
paid in full the amount or, .
their 'deposits and declared
dividends.
8 — Contingent Fund, including ' -
the amount of accrued, but "
uncollected Interest on invest-
ments $ 480.203 71
4^ — Dividends Undlsbursed. 6,286 64
6— General Tax Account. Bal- : ' -V- •- i
ance undlsbursed 26,922 80
Total Liabilities .$31.770. 772*80
San Francisco, January 3d, 1902.
(Signed) E. B. POND. President.
.(Signed) LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
State of California, ?
City and County of San Francisco. < ES -
E. B. POND and LOVELL WHITE, being
each separately, and duly sworn each for him-
self, says: That said E. B. Pond is President. "
and said Lovell White is Cashier of the San
Francisco Savings Union, the corporation above
mentioned, and that the foregoing statement
la true.
(Signed) E. B. POND.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 3d
day of January. A. D. 1902.
(Signed) JAMES -M. ELLIS.
[SEAL.] Notary Public, In and for the City
and County of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia- ¦ ' .
For Stomach Disorders-
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, .
KEARKT AND WASHINGTON • STS.—RE-
modelcd and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 ~Ji da> -
15 to JS week: J8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates in
rverg room: elevator runs all night. -
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
NOTICE! y
_^^ < Mayerle's Superior Quality
Eyegrla*ses are the only oofs
-*^2**««»3^t, Indorsed by the highest U. S.
/jj^Sr* 11 Army. Navy and Government
fifwp'Tv -v. of flclals. ; Can be had only of
, . George -Mayerle, at- 1071 %
Market et-, near ' 7th. Ban * Francisco. Mr. "
George Mayerle Aoea not. travel, nor does he
employ traveling " opticians to represent - him.
Telephone South 072.V German Eyewater, 00c.
<SBXTHIS OUT - '