no_text"They do that. They give the double
cross whenever they are clever . enough, '
but the other side Is always looking out
for that, and if a worker is caught every
one that. she brings -in Is challenged, and
you see she is out of the race very early
in the game. You wonder how the other
side knows. Well, that's easy, and ' it's
an old trick. Did you see that stack of
blotters on the table? Well, when a
"But why,. if these women are in poli
tics for " the money, do , they not sell to
both parties and . get all ; they can ¦ when
they are so unscrupulous?" I asked.
"If he refuses he: is given a chance to
get- sick at the last 'moment and receives
the same pay. but if he still holds but he
Is 'landed,' and then any old judge is put
in his place.". -•;
" 'Lalded'— what do you mean?"
She answered: V Well, I mean 'Jugged,'
•jailed' for any , offense— buying stofen
goods, buying votes or any excuse at all
will do: and thep the third judge Is sure
to be air right See?" v •
"The Judges!" she exclaimed contempt
uously. "Oh. they know their business.
They are fixed. Tou see, whatever party
Is In power Is allowed two judges, and as
soon as the opposing party picks out Its
judge some close friend who • is a . good
worker approaches .him and finds out if
he will stand in.-
"Oh, that is quite easy," she said.' '.'when
you know how. Alma. Beswick and' her
workers first go to, the saloon-keepers, and
lodging-house keepers and give them'a list
of names and- numbers. of people Vw.hom
they are to register from each house; they
pay them "a sum agreed upon, then the
workers register those names. ' On ; elec
tion morning, as the voter's are driven
from one precinct to another, they are
handed a new slip of paper with a dif
. ferent name and address typewritten, and
all they have to do is study that while
they are going along; they hand it back
as they leave the carriage. After they
have voted they return to the hack and
receive another clip, and so on during the
day." - ..':..;-.y. .••;
"The judges," I said;, "what are they
doing? Are those women never chal
lenged?".
"But how,"'! asked, '"is, it possible*, for
these women to remember. a .new -name
and address for every precinct? ; And how
can they escape -detection?" - '
"She goes to the girls who .work—teach
ers, saleswomen, milliners, sewing" girls,
waitresses, chambermaids, laundry^ wo-J
men— she gives a few doUars tonhe.one
who leads each crowd— and there" is al
ways one— to bring in a bunch ; to ' these
*be gives a dollar a' vote, pr $10 for all
day; which, means that they will start in
under the care of a worker on the morn-,
ing of election day and drive from one
precinct to another and " vote different
names and addresses at every " one.' So
at the' end of the day you can see what a
number of votes the little boss "is able
to deliver when you take Into considera
tion the fact that, she has every lodging
house ' n town" 'stuffed.' ". ' ,.i. .-¦_¦' ¦ '
. J , • ¦ - ' i ' -
over to the other side' for a litt'e more
money, but she is under obligations to us;* ..
and I will see that she gives you tfie ln
£ide workings of both parties." , ; . i
He stepped tothe'phone; said-pomcthiusr. '
and in a short time a woman .appe'ared in "! ".
the office. He*'^poke a' few words" to her-'- '
in an undertone. ttJeh-JntroduecJ "Jicr anrl ¦¦
told her to "put -me on'the'lnsid^traek.^'^.:.
In appearance she wa? the' op^roslte uf .'
the lady boss.' She; was -as'ifaC.jis^-Alniar;-'
is slight. . : ' ' - > -""" ;; ;'' ; .:':-<''i.^^i^f4 :
Her stories were wonderful.- If she. ba«f -
not taken me around and proven tlie'trutli'
of her statements," ana ir the bribes -^adl,
rot been offered me. to;- vote;-; although 1- 1. >
stated plainly." that I had been i only a' ; :
¦«ve»k in Denver, J could not. have; believed ' >
them. Said my informant: "Alma" Bos-. V
wick Is the biggest crook of a politician In ¦
Denver, or on earth, for that matter..;!;.';
fully believe. Influen'ce? Well,; I: ratf)et-;v;
think she has: That's how she huids nor \
Job. She certainly delivers from:,twblu •
three thousand votes on election"iiay ami';
this is how she does It: •_' •„> r"..-'.-.
Franciscan— he said: - "Oh. yes; Alma is
ell right; could give cards and spades to
:ld Chris Buckley. God rest his soul; but
ill you'll get of the inside workings from
Alma is just some skim milk. I'll put you
on to one of her lieutenants, who has
iriven her the double crocs, although Al
ma haen't found it out yet She haa gone
This little woman, or jdrl— for she is
c>nly about -25 years old — says: "Women
sre out of place in politics: as a general
thing they are no use there, they make
simply two voters out of a family instead
ft one. for they vpte as the male mem
bers of the family advise, and they are
wis* In keeping the r>eace.
"Those who have not a family, so much
the worse for them. The influence' that
turrounds them Is bad. If you are not a
*rorker you count for nothing, as the men
have no conndence in you, and if they
have no confidence In you, why, you get
no position, that is alL If I could do as
well out of politics I'd leave it right now.
5k> you see I am in it for what I can make.
f?o i? every woman I know except one.
Tou know that cannot be good for either
the women or the country. Tne whole
tiling is degrading and demoralizing, and
« very dollar you receive you earn, and
more, both morally and physically. Gen
uine hard work counts, but your asso
riaies are not always what you want, and
ns you must use them you must also as
ncclate with them to some extent.
"It's true." continued Miss Alma-Bes
•wick—for that Is the name of the little
boss— "I would vote for my party, or use
ray influence in its favor, because such
are my principles even if I were not in
politics, but if I could make the same
amount of money at ¦ any other work, I
would never be a worker in politics for
another day. The a\*erage woman has not
a political brain, and the only use men
have for her Is to get her to do the dirty
work. ICine times out of ten she does It.
'oo, and receives very little pay {or it."
"Tou don't mean that women do -unfair
work in politics as men do?" I exclaimed.
"Oh, no! of course not," she said, and
1 here was a funny little laugh In her eyes.
"I don't do anything unfair; I only, work
lor rcy party with all the strength and
intelligence at my command, and I do
tny best to -min; but there are many on
the other side who do unfair and dirty.
work. For instance, you see that rooming
houce over there? Well, we are watching
it now; that woman who keeps it has ex
itctly eeven legal voters In the house,
find there are^ sixty-three men and women
registered from there. That Is only one
cut of several hundred houses in this
city that women run and vote illegally.
"These are the reasons why I believe
m-orr.en should not be in politics. The
i"mptation is too great, and the trend is
downward. Now, good-by! Come and see
me again," said the boss, as a delegation
of wo»en— fat, thin and. middle-weight;
strong-minded, weak-minded and appar
ently no mind at all— came trooping Into
the headquarters, all demanding money
for this expense or that, and all speaking
«t the same time. I waited about for a
while and had a word with the little boss
(i gain.
"What are they?" asked I.
"Workers," eaid she. I
Just then another battalion swooped
down on her. and I could hear the swish
of their silk skirts and admire the well
tailored cut of their coats as they whifc
}5ired to her in a corner.
When they moved away I looked up,
cjueetloningly.
•"Oh, they are office-seekers," she ' re
plied. "Doctors, school superintendents,
political clerks and the like, who are de
tlrous of holding their positions or of get
ting better ones; but they won't get
them; they are not workers, and they
don't count. That crowd over there"—
. tointtag to the workers^-" will be wearing
the silk skirts next year. Come and see
ne again." she said, as a body, of slip
shod men meandered upstairs to the head
<; uafters.
As I was telling my experience .to a
veteran, newspaper man— an old Ban
too— strongly and clearly, and to a cer
tainty she ought to know, for she has
more knowledge of and Influence in things
political than any other woman in the
rity of Denver.
She Is perhaps the greatest political
ness that Denver ever knew: she has the"
nays of Denver politics at her finger tip?.
t.riti she holds a good plenty of Denver's
votes in the palm of her hand. Her pro
fession, her whole work Is polltlcs-^stlll
she says "No!"
THE Lady Boss Buckley of De»* /•<>»
«ays "No!" And Ehe says it v* % >
ncntl;-.
She says it every time you ask her
:he question. "Do women purify poli-
Ucs. or are they bettered by the law of
BUffrage in Colorado?" This question has
been asked by many in the last few years.
To-day the Lady Boss Buckley of Denver
answers "No!" and she gives her reasons/
another, we put en a brown wig. a Uttl*
tan\.powder, a cape, and there you are.
In the afternoon when the society maid or
matron comes along to do her voting, aa
she will If there happens to be any real
swell on the ticket, she finds that; sha has
voted already and she only gets the
laugh."
And the chief workings of this immense
system of the making of votes ar«
.planned, controlled, carried out by th»
Lady Boss Buckley of Denver. She Is aa
plain ; and unostentatious a little woman
as you could find on American soil; still
she is the most interesting woman In Den
ver to-day, so the men will tell you. with
a - tone of admiration In their voices and
an exclamation or two thrown In such as:
"By jove, she's a stunner!" "A brick!" "A
good one!" The women, too, admire her,
but in a different way, according to their
vocabulary. One will. say: "Oh, yes, in
deed; she's extremely clever, but most un
scrupulous;" or "She's very successful,
but"— or again. "Yes, she's a clever
enough poll, but she's no good. See!"
The voice of admiration, envy, pity or .
jealousy— and they're all heard In th«
foregoing phrases — make not the sllsht
est difference to Miss Alms. Beswick,
County Investigator, for that Is her trads
when she is not doing politics. . She sim
ply goes about her work systematically,
coolly and practically, like any. .general
putting his troops through tbeir best
paces in anticipation of a display.. And
her followers ebey her as Implicitly as If
she were really their general. Her con
trol over a large class is absolute; they
vote according to her dictates, • no matter
what • their former politics have been.
Her Influence extends to all the working
classes and many of the professional
classes, such as_ school teachers, . doctors,
lawyers and clerks who want .to.' better
their political positions; their vote, or a
large part of it, is at the command of
the little boss.
Her power reaches' over a large army
ot working, girls who are poorly paid and
to whom a few dollars are a luxury,. who
care not a snap about politics, anyway;
who have not an hour in a month to
think of anything but holding their poor
ly paid Jobs ? ami listening for the bell
that wakens them at 5 in the morning.
If you speak of her influence to the ladles
and gentlemen who ride around In their
handsome carriages they smile con
temptuously at toe very idea, and never
dream for a moment what a terrible
power this slight little woman wields
over jthe-.very- laws that govern them. Yet
ihat^she Is al tremendous factor t In mak
ing "¦th&e laws no one who studies the
situation can deny, and she is honest in
her belief that laws she assists in mak
ing are for the betterment of the many,
"Oh, yea: they cry fraud," »he aatd to
me when I met her next day, and her
deep, humorous, dark gray eyes smiled
mischievously. "Fraud, indeed. Why, I
succeed where they do not; that's the
only fraud that I perpetrate; both parties
work Just alike. How do I do It? "Well,
I work, work, work all the time and I
keep my word. It I promise anything 1
fulfill that promise: that is all; so the
men can rely on me and the women, too;
• but ' the women are harder to convince.
Yes. they talk of fraud. Why, at this
very moment they have bought my lieu
tenant whom I have been training fop
four years— you know, the fat one that
. was talking to you yesterday — they expect
her to deliver half my followers on elec
tion day. Well, she won't do It," and th#
gray eyes laughed again.
"Will you put her in Jail?" I asked.
"6hi no; she's a good sort, when you
know how to handle her. but In politics
you must never get so friendly that you
cannot turn one down and never get so
angry that you cannot call them back
when you want them. No, she is a good
worker, but she talks too much, and lately
she's got .the big head. She won't vote
.this time and she won't deliver a single
buhchVand I won't put her In Jail either.
Pass ... by that long white house In tha
morning. and you'll understand why. Oh,
.we have many good politicians In our or
ganization. Now, good-by until election
day and when you see Chubby again
she'll be able to wear a smaller hat."
I could arrive at no conclusion that
night as to way Chubby shouldn't vote,
and I hastened downtown early next
morning, wondering how I should know.
As- 1 turned the corner there was the. flax
III g^^t^t ©f liiii
f||p:||||||p|k|t^^|^M|f|p5p arid #& : v/otrriS gj i Qfty ar\d
dead ones, but . eleven, on election morn
ing. ; - I'm:', supposed to be just .watcn.ng
them and stacking up that house. ..'but ;
that's where. I'll- sleep the night before
election, for If Alma got a whiff of s" the '
layout I'd spend the- next day In jail,' and
she smells out about everything, it- seems
-'to:me,"' :¦. •.'.'¦-. . • "•¦
"Who is that person in the carriage at
the drugstore?" I inquired, as . I saw a
female with a complexion like; .cross
grained, antique oak. a canary-colored
"wig. an ermine cap. a sealskin coat and
many large diamonds flashing on . her .
hands and at her withered neck. ' ' '
"That ' old hippopotamus! Oh. -she>
something Noah threw out of :. the ark '
and Darwin dug up, thinking it was ,the
.missing link: that's old Madam Lovejoy;..
the ugliest woman in Denver," and at tb'-i
my guide laughed immoderately. "Tou
should have 'seen her last election: she
thought she r was ,a great stateswoman
until, then:, Alma's boys had been to see
.her, again and again, to have her throw
-her. influence— and she has lots of It— but
' It was no use. No. indeed: her girls wero
no trash, and they would vote the oppo
sition ticket. Neither, money nor prom
ises could .change her. She had a pull-r
the best in the city— and her crowd would
vote as she pleased. The boys were at
their wits" end, when they came for ad
..v!ce to Alma.
".'Oh. that's. easy.' she said. 'When' the
carriages drive up in the morning to take
¦\them to the; polls have a few patrol
wagons'-there. and start to load them in;
they'll take the carriages ail right, and
-youMl save that much, for the party has
paid for ' them,' ' Sure enough they i did.
Alma has a head and no mistake." ,
' "What have, you against Miss Bes
wick?" I asked. "You do admire her, I
eee:" • ¦¦ \ .. ¦ <
"' "Oh. nothing.". she said. "Alma's clever:
'^he has' brains; she makes money. But
I am just as clever,; just as ambitious and
a! whole lot better looking, and there is
no reason -why,.!, should !not make the
money, too: so as v there cannot be two
- bosses in one -party I've' gone over to' the
ether, They are ' lots more high-toned.
an>;way, anti there's no telling where a
brainy, s'ood-looking woman may land."
and she flashed a satisfied glance from her
Jironriinent black eyes.'
. "You. wanted, to .'know how the society
women and, their daughters vote, eh?
AVell, go down to the. store. and hand the
fluffy, tow-headed girl this card and she'll
tell-you all; about. It. \-Now; good-by. Let
politics alone, they,'re not for you; you're
not .built that, way;', I guess."
'•."I guess it's " so,. >. too," and we agreed
perfectly. She waved her hand, saying:
"I'll, see you election morning." She
. didn't.^ though : butvthat's another story.
.'•" I- looked ' over the big store for "the •
fluffy, tow-headed girl." Finding her, I
.handed her Ihe/dard, feeling a little fool
ish,- for 'there/ were only -three straight
Hrjie*- on-ltV But, to my relief she said:
VThat's. all' right;i'strlctly; confidential: I
.'understand.- Now^what. does '.Chubby
. want?" ; ,;• /¦;'¦:.';, l^' ¦' '" ..\y"- : '" r
\ "She wants you to "tell me tiow the so
ciety ladies, and their daughters vote." ¦
'-"Stoop- over.- and examine these goods'
that I am selling." I did so, and she'een
tihued:: "Well.vthey don't vote.. at : least'
very seldom : | we girls dp vthe' voting for
them.' We get up early , in the morning,
take' a. carriage and the names' and ad
dresses on a slip of paper: we dress up
..real qutet and nice and have a few' roses
in our hands ;. we get out of the carriage
2
THE SUNDAY CALL.v
THE WOMAN "BOSS BUCKLEY" OF DENVER
"She.a'power in politics! She get an. of-,
flee! .'.Why,; she stands. 'about as - much ;
chance for; an bfflce'as I do for. President,
this year.' : Oh,'' yes;' she. turns in a little
bunch of .-'.old; hens ¦from- the ;. clubs, that
don't know, they are alive; and she never
turns. 'them" in 'but qhce. '.No, ! she don't
count." Now there goes Miss ; Radcliff."
as.a'na.tty.vybung;xoman : in.a tailor-suit
pas5cd i !Jn.' : "She's- a good worker for Al- '
ma, in a great number ;of strag-J
glers, and repeats} to beat the -band ;¦ was
arrested for it; fbut'that : dbn',t count. . Shei
wants' to ;bc matron ' of the jail,; and she'll
get : it': sure!^; And "there's Mrs. Frenkie"
— as, a woman stepped up to.whis- •
per with the ; boss— "she wants to be police,
matron, and j she. ought • to^get it," for she
has ! t :fouf* children'; and. a parSlyzed.,hij's
bandi''and-she's a worker from way back;
why-she has' almost as nany dead ones
young woman buttonholed the little boss.
"She wants to be "elected Superintendent
of Schools. ; She belongs to half, a. dozen
or more clubs. .but she knows better, than
to expect a baker's ,dozen\of ' theiri votes,
although sh'e has .done everything, that Is
straight and. clean for the;partyJ She
knows.enough to "come here to", the work
etfi when.she wants to be elected'and I
believe she will. She . Is a" power in a"
straight way. all by hersejf.*' -.^
"The opposition women ;' T how"; do, they
work and,who are they?'?. I. asked, for so
far "the. talk was all of Alma's: party.
¦'/'Well, now, -there ;is Mrs. Abbott;, she
does good work with the 'Grand Army;
and '¦ Mrs. Howard j takes well ; with, the
C. T. I'., and several othersjhave a little
influence, but not' much! ; . Among the
workers," she- . continued,-- "are Mrs.
Wright," .Mrs. Maxey-and myself; v there
are., many ' others, ' who are . not : w'e'.l;
trained yet. butlf you are here nsxt year
you'll see fun. I'l show them a. thing or.
two.".-'/ ' / - : ' t \ ¦ .' ¦ tt*f ' ' ': . . vi ' '' : ' :
.'•Butyou seem to be working for Alma's
party,". I, said.>' ¦' . • * v ; ¦. ¦ _
,¦ '/ph. .yes, .'seem,'" shr* replied, "but the'
flay after election they'll v know "bett<?r,
when I will have i turned over about fifty
houses that' they think are stackod for
• ¦. .•••. ¦¦ '.¦--..- -¦. ¦ ' ¦¦
bunch befonging;to any worker begins to
vote, the, name of the. party must be writ-,
,ten'on. the- ticket. ¦"¦ -A heavy. stub_ pen lv
used. /The- blotter ii applied and "enough
imprint is/left for the watchful .'ey'e.Vjf
the. judge-to 1 detect. A signals; given/at
once snd^ the bunch is challenged: or- .let
pass, as the- case may be. The "sign this
year j is " to" 'throw the hand up | carelessly
to push the hair back! or knock';off t a.'fly—
that is, if everything V all ri jht.> Yir.the
-voters are ; double-cro»«lns the hand. drops
to 'the pocket and' then the danc« begin?.
. They -arc Arrested for repeating: and -re
ceive a free ride .to the jail.;. « " '-¦'/;¦ \; ,:»•
..\'Now," she continued,' "there is .Mrti.
Bell ; that old . lad y^ there.' J : : ; w «)' > .? h .^ h#?
Just eleven voters /in nejr'^ house,' and : ; to
save her !;so'ul „ she -cannot: . get", three, ; of
them to vote anything; but \ the opposition
ticket, . although ,she' has > taken Jtwenty
flve dollars from Alma Beswick's';. work
ers, and there are sixty-four voters reg
istered from her place. She's a proper
enough member of Alma's -.party at
heart, but she cannot deliver the goods';
so what do you think she^ does? : ' : - Well,
she consults Alma and goes .back \ to. the
opposition boss and offers to deliver. the
whole bunch for thlrty-flve dollars. ; The
opposition boss jumps at the chance. :You
see she has not bad the proper 'training
yet, nor has she: Alma's head. ,- t 'so.' off
marches Mrs. Bell with her sixty-f out
voters. On .election 'day she votes. \her
three heretics first and the signal hand
of .; the judge drops' into his pocket. As
the fourth vote is oast, however," the sig
nal hand brushes back his ' hair. '--The
bunch passes, and now; she has . made
Sixty dollars for one day's work.
"Are there many, of these, lodging-house
women who work that i way?". I asked.
"Many," she exclaimed. "All of them,
every one. Alma herself will vote a bunch
of forty from that house that . she has
charge of while her friend -is away. I
know every one in that house, and they
are' real nice people,;* but I there; are -only
three sure enough "votes there." ¦«
Every one In San Francisco and Manila
remembers the ; stand : taken \ by Dr.
Rose - Kidd-Beere of Denver, in the food
question during * the misunderstanding
with Spain. This lady is no less energetic
in politics here to-day than she was when
charging on-; the Presidio officers .for.' the
embalmed ' beef. •*f;;< ' ( " -.'-..'
.' The divided - skirts are: like, those, she
wore then..' Of course I was anxious to see
her at- close range, and I did.; She is just'
as active and as strong as in the old' day sr
and a stranger would think that 'she had
tremendous ' L power f; in < politics, • but -my
guide gave me the following answer when
I Inquired into the case; . v .;
on'tha list as Alma herself." .
. "Dead ones; , -what do you rr^ean?"
'. "Oh. you know; the ones that are reg
istered, but never were alive. Say, hut
you should see her. swipe box after box
'of cigars from, the^backs -of the buggies
that; the opposition had for their,- ganj.
then go among her' own* crowd and divida
them, up. Oh, she's a worker, all right,"'
concluded my informant, with admiration.
\"I have; been up to' the Brown Palace
where a club meets every afternoon: it's
always packed with . handsomely^ dressed
ladicj. who talk very cleverly; there are
Miss ' Meredith, Mrs. ; Stansbcrry and a
numbcrof others,; who are at the head of
the club; and Mrs.s Clark' and lira/ Brad
ford of the Woman's Club and a hundred
others/who are both intelligent and earn
est; .surely," said I. '¦:'/' they ! must have a
good influence and do good work.'.'
• "Oh.,' sure; those ladies of the dress par
ade, who put in their time throwing bou
quets at,. themselves and fixing up have
lots of, Influence -on one vote— their, own—
and perhaps another, ; if Ithey' happen to
have a frf end from the East who is out
here for her lungs, but .that's^ all. ; They
are \ bright: ladies and talk well; but they,
are; not grafters, .and it's, the graft that
countsi ; They couldn't have a fellow ap-'
pointed .to' keep, the flies '. off j them;; and
they never vote! to elect any woman, any
way;'they cast their, vote to defeat her
every. time.; Jealous?,, Oh, my!" .< . fi£
; V "How.de jyou know?:,' I asked. •
,::,."Oh,\you forget the blotters, 1 :.' she re
plied,, "and the. judge who dives his hand :
into,. his-, pocket. ¦.' ¦ .¦¦'¦¦:'¦ '"¦'¦¦'. ¦
/'"Look! ."There , riow'.'is Miss Emma M. ;
Here'y,". she went ,'on;i as a bright, stylish
them;. then they'll know.'!' -. -.
. "Why. do you not coroe'out and declare
yourself? \ I am sure your work would be
more effective," I urged. ,\ l %' ¦' V... '¦'.'"'.
. "And show, my; hand before: I'm ¦ flush,
and let Alma Beeswax-^-that's :-.what we
call her on the sly— have' me .thrown Into
the cobler^for. repeating. : or any; old 'thing
before- 1 > could, deliver, one bunch? h. Well,
not on- your- tintype! "Oh, .you'd < never,
make a ppl, you'd- better keep -out." ; she
advlsed. ; "But 'next, election, -if " I "don't'
melt-beeswax~and'tbrow inenough dough
tol keep : her .from ; sticking, ', then '.my: eyes
are not black: . See ? ; Look ' , at .that long
•white" \ building;/ down v there. ,lWell, : ; I'il
turn in a hundred and ninetean vbtes^all
a block of! and come In different ¦ direc
tions to the polls; we cast our votes and
drive around Capitol Hill to another poll-
Ing .' place ; :. cast ' : another vote and go on.
Sometimes, if we;. want to vote fox th«
of Alma's party floating from the. «n,
trance to. the house where Chubby was
to spend the night before election." Then
I realized why Alma Beswlck. 13 tn« Lady
Boas Buckley of Denver.-O|ND the greatest of these Is
/ J charity." Tiius said the Master.
( I Nowadays we translate charity
I into love, but after all it means
the same thine, and is further ex
plained in the commandment, "Love thy
neighbor as thyself."
No one Is so trul y charitable as he who
curtails his own pleasure or comfort to
give another pleasure or comfort. "The
greatest of all virtues Is that .of giving."
Th'jre are people who sneer at the society
girls, saying they are butterflies and
never do a thing for others, "that.self
denial is a virtue to them unknown," and
all that sort of thing. They say that as
long as charity means assisting in a fair
or a social function society girls are
to the fore, but let them be asked to
sevr 4 a flannel petticoat for a poor woman
or visit the homes of the poverty-stricken
they are counted out.' Now a little story
that is told about Jennie Blair refutes
this slander.
One rainy day Miss Blair was rung up
by one of the secretaries of the Doctor's
Daughters and asked to. go to a family
where the mother was dying. Miss Blair
reached the poverty-stricken home before
thf; physicians arrived. The poor mother
was made comfortable, and then theGood
Samaritan took the baby on* her/ knee.' In
came the doctor in a hurry. He -did? not.
know Miss Blair and took it for granted
shfs v,-as his patient's neighbor.
"Come, fly around," he Eaid. „ "Drop the
oaby and get to work. Bring basin, water
'*nd towels."
And Miss Blair followed his directions
as If. she had been born and -bred a nurse.
When the doctor went away he said:
"You're all right. Just. keep it up. Mind
the patient, and see that the children are
cared for. Don't forget. the medicine."
A few days later the physician met
Miss. Blair at a reception, but failed; to
connect her with his able assistant: , He
began to talk about society charity work
ers, and said they were absolutely use
less in a sickroom. H(). then recounted
the story of the sick woman and praised
the conduct of "the good little neighbor
who showed such" common sense' in. an
emergency." • •" ..
And it was not until somebody told him
that the Good : Samaritan and Miss -Blair
were one and the same . person that he
"caught on.". After, that he only had good
words for society workers. '
Miss Blair, is probably: the most promi
nent • among the young women - of •• the
smart . set who are numbered " among the
charitable worker^ If it were' not for
her: energy and enthusiasm /the Doctor's
Daughters would not have held '• together
»o well. She gives money to/ the^'gbod
work, and what is more . valuablef-tlme. r
She personally visits the poor and this
Titian haired angel is thoroughly .beloved
by the; recipients of her bounty.
Other Doctor's ¦Daughters— one, speaks
of the unmarried v Daughters 'arid :not the
matrons, of whom* there- are; many in the
society— are Suzanne : J McEweri,, 'v Helen
Wagner, Charlotte Field, Annie' Buckbee,
Margaret.Sallsbury.Olive'Holbrobk^Ber
nlce Drown and Katherlne Dillon. ! . Miss
Dillon, by. the way,' is -interested in- all
sorts of. charitable schemes. , She helps
clubs - for working girls' and -contributes
to . _ libraries for W .them. She is never
thoughtlessly, generous,' as many, arei She
looks Into the charities and helps'under
standingly. V /. / . :> > :
Bernie Drown is th<?' "boofer lady"^ of
the Cliildren's Hospital. . When ] she was
abroad the poor little invalids missed' her
very" much, 'and 'since' her "return , their
faces have . been one vast," substantial
smile, " like Tiny Tim's In the Christmas
story, ; Dickens' immortal "Carol.'' .
Kindergarten' work , appeals • to so- many
girls because there is such a >lot 7 of -va
riety in it. There is the visiting^ for one
thing, and .the helping get'up Christmas
fetes and summer outings. Any.: number
of society girls are interested in the work
of the Golden Gate kindergarten Society.'
Among the managers' are 'Olive* Hqlbrobk,
Therese Morgan, Helen Stubbs and 7 Mary;
Taylor. On the visiting committee'/ are
Annie Field, Marie Voorhles and Ella
Bender. Among the contributors; to the
kindergarten "fund are ' Rose ' Hooper, Ber
tha Dblbeer, Cora ; Smedberg, ' Pearl Sabln,'
Helen Dean, , Edith' McBean, the Duttons/
and all' itie v Crockers. Therese ; Morgan is
a "most enthusiastic visitor. ¦' She is : besides
onetof -the most'generous.'glvers:'Ih;the
swim. Her purse Is always 'open to the,pe
titioner. ; li. -. . -'/• ¦':-:.¦••"
'. It' was Miss Morgan, . was It Jnot/: who
one ; day , found ', a . little • girl crying ' in; the
street ? ';. She found that the child .was be
ing sent from : Ventura to . Eureka' and the
woman : who /. had] co'rne /as;, far ; r . as if San
Francisco with her nad*just>tlmetb7cat_ch
her Town* train, .-~ so/the child • was"'' left
lamenting. / • y .She Ihad : not' ¦ the ./slightest
Idea | where to i find : her ¦ boat: • ;'The ; kind
society; girl \ f o'und \ the^: child's ;-,boat "^foV
her and saw her' safely, off for; her desti
nation/ :, ; : •*.,:',%'•* ."¦; ¦>/'-• <-cC, ; : ';!^*:/'. : --/x S
'The Stubbs; sisters" are 1 very •? much''in
terested" in^slum- wprk and: kindergartens.
Marie ! Voorhles al^o^dellgritsr In 'teaching
the'little ignoran'ts'ofrthe slumg; ;" Ber.tna
pblbeer has \ this ' kind spi ri t that \ urisel f
ishly/does'for" others'." >.i >/.'¦' '•¦ '¦.}}"..".. \. ,\'
>palsy Van Ness,. with heV. clever j needle;
turns out- any-; number /of; " garments'? for
the : poor. / She ; canjmake . ; the' r 7- sweetest
baby clothes ¦and.'do'esinot^Isdain ihe'less
attractive ' gingham for^aprons' for: the'; bid
.women.- '/'¦'¦¦; ¦ '.'•¦''-.¦' -.!*¦• ¦ •.:¦'. \''z -''I:, -'si;'
The Smith /Bisters.-Lucilje^and/' Juliette^
areall-round charity, workers! 'They 'cook
turkjeys and /prepare" cranberry/ sauce;, for
very.*: poor/families Xdurlngl/th'eV^hbliday
seasons, carry, flowers j, and fruits v to *the
hospitals and '. sewy for 'other : poor peopie
the whole'; year round." Y ; • ¦¦"•¦" -- 1 . -^j'iJV "; '^ ¦
/' Laura" McKinstry's;. great : . heart -/was
stirred 'by the : 'needs' df, > thje ; poor k soldiers
in the. hospitals during the Red! Cross ' ser
vice and it ; was- that/ which Tdecided7her
to become ¦•; a ' trained- nurseiT;"' Jtist* now
home sorrows and slqknesshavey kept' MIs's"
Mckinstry. f romV her -chosen/ work^ "''She
always lends aijsympathetlc • ear ;, to' '; tales
of. woe i and; has :a/ sweet/ way ; of?adrnin"
isteflng^ comfort' that makes her univeraai
ly' beloved. ]¦ : ; ' , V. '¦» :'^ V; 4 ( r'V; : 7 ;¦;,:.; \- : „ v ' /
The Hopkins sisters, .while »they; do not
.;. actively 1 / engage . in '': charitable • work,- are
•;-'¦ ever. ; ready ' to • help ; {.with ; their .-money.
' They attend all /the society .events 'given
;.- for. sweet charity '. and • help -out ¦ In ; other
ways. Ethel- and PAllce^Hagerj'are 'also
: -, among' the always generous givers.??'* > ."• :
! v. .'Alice Hoffman . Is \ willing: to do anything
V.'ttiat'vwiir be" of. .'assistance.' 5 ; If it is a'baby
, . that " needs ; ' clothing ; jshe ; will i sew'- her
/•.fingers to'^the bone ¦ for ." it. "v If a child-has
'Sc'ut its /finger 'she. knows how to dress'the
s; wound.! ! ;¦ If ; , somebody ; Is * needed • to v ca rr'y
¦!.- f bod : to, a; poor 'family ,".if i Miss - Hoffman' is
; : "askedtp xlbjit' she" will iwiliingly^accede.V
1;; Helen" do vYoung'ja'a/kind'-hea.rtedrllttle
C •'. maid ahd'Owhen" she 2 is 'in; town with her
'^¦grandmother Joinsin.the good .work of the
y. Catholic £' Ladles'. , . Aid .Agnes
.xTpbiri is also Interested in this noble'char
/ityV^V- ; :fyV/v;-: ; - ¦'¦-^''y ' A\ : : y h ¦ v. ; "
'.M; '< A ' cliib ,,of ; ladles that ' sew/ for ¦ the , poor
>Vand aids', in other ways js ¦ trie" Mizpah ; So
„••' clety. ' Among ; the : young women {workers
, V inUhe ; MlzpalT^are i M. ; . L.7\ Elliott,! < Alma
;j DoaneV' Ruth'; Rath' bone"! and\Ruth Turner.
¦; .There "' t are ; many, soclety.'/girls^ helping on
. the; work^of' the "'Fruit and/ FlqweVj Mis
. ; slon/.''also:tnatybf*the ; Little;Slsters'-In-
-fant Shelter;^ ///¦/. .¦.I/'/',', v,- . '-/^ri':-
?','?*. Daisy Burns,' one ' of , -last "season's ibuds.,'
- is • an ¦• energetic:' charity worker;/ She' de-
v lights ' In.^ sewlng",.for; and ¦ assisting v the
•)-pobr.\, ' '-, ¦ ¦ ¦/'¦/:'< v 7. .';;"" .
:'.' ".'But* probably 'no charitable^brganlzatlon
". "contains * so - many,; workers . from '.\ society's
• -'ranks '.£ as /does ;; the Young Women's
•« 'Christian >• /Association. ;j are-^'so
,> many - branches l; connected- with ' this -
3
THE • ¦¦; ¦ C AlH . \ i
Sonne of San
Fi-anCTSCO'i
>ia!ds and
yHatrorjS Vrt|O
apg^food
the Cause
oF Chatty- ¦•
training. classes, /visiting, lunch "t rooms,
Thanksgiving v and/ Christmas dinners,
teachers' . aid department, cooking school,
King's . Daughters, . etc.— that a huge
army of workers ¦" is required, to :.carry
them , out \ properly. V Among the ', young
women Vwho ".help^execute the ; many , de
mands of .the Y.-W. C. A. are Helen
Van .; Winkle. May Scott, Agnes I Sadler,
the Lohman sisters, Jennie" Martll, L.
Baker/ A. ;Uhger and Mary. Farquharson.
-^These are only a- few of the' society
girls ..who .' do ¦ good ' work "in His ¦ name."
Many, are. In '{private charities. Some give
music r lessons ." to*'- those too poor ; to • af-
other, or still more frequently, the eyes
are not the same or, placed In the head in
exactly the same .way. People have 'been
identified by the fact that the pupil of one
eye .was larger than that of the other.
The nose is very seldom exactly straight,
but swerves a little to the right or left,
though the defect is not noticeaole to the
ordinary observer. Above all, a man who
is starting out on a criminal career should
never go to a dentist. The' filling of the
teeth • is a sure " record, and ' even- if the
criminal has : all his teeth pulled his • false
teeth will be as sure a means cf identifi
cation.—New York Press.
ford to pay a professional teacher.
Others help by buying liberally from the
tables of the "Woman's Exchange. Many
are ; enrolled amang the church aid so
cieties. Truly the greatest of these is
charity. * x
TRIVIALITIES
THAT
FURNISH
CLEWS FOR
THE POLICE.
' —y VERTBODT carries Bboxit ¦with
ml him many trivial distinguishing
[ f marks by - means of which a
Vt t shrewd detective can discover his
identity. Take the matter of
clothes. Most men get all their
clothing from the same tailor: but
whsther one does or not, and however
careful he may* be to cut off every tag
and mark, the tailor who made the
clothes can identify them. Thread. stitch-
Ing,, buttons, linings, all tell their own
tale". More especially do these extras
which the tailors call "specials." These
are , the extra pockets, fountain pen or
pencil pockets, eyeglass pockets, watch
pockets lined with wash leather, cigar,
ticket, flask and inner waistcoat pockets.
It will be remembered that it was by
means of a trousers* button that the Iden
tity of , Norcross, the man who tried to
blow ¦ up - Russell Sage, was discovered.
Then your. finger nails, are liable to be
tray you. Any manicure will tell you
that it takes between 105 and 130 days for
a new finger nail to grow upon the hand
of a man In ordinary health, according to
his age, the nail growing .quicker on the
young and slower on the old. So -any
bruise; or other mark, received on the
white crescent at the base of; the nail,
•will take nearly four months to. disappear.
It was a knowledge of this fact that.en
abled a detective to arrest the , forger
Simpson in Paris not long ago. He ieatrned
from Simpson's landlord, in " Bristol, Vhat
a window had fallen upon the man's ha mh,
and bruised his thumb some time In the
first week of March— a few days' before
he disappeared. 'Pour months later, when
the detective met" Simpson in Paris the
black spot was just disappearing from the
tip of the thumbs nail.' It was the only
means of Identification, for Simpson, by
shaving his head and dressing like a
priest, had absolutely changed his ap
pearance.
Some. time ago a criminal was brought
to justice : by . the testimony of his own
watch, one which he had carried for
years. He was charged with murder, and
his defense was an alibi, which he nearly
proved. He said that' he had not been
near the scene of the murder for three
months, and no testimony could be pro
duced that he was not. telling the "truth
until one of the detectives, who at one
time had been a jeweler's apprentice, hap
pened to look at the man's watch.. Inside
the -watch case, written in signs i that only
a watchmaker could read, was the. evi
dence that' the timepiece had been in the
hand3 of a; repairer of watches the day
before the murder. With. the watch In his
hands the detective visited the town
near which the murder had been commit
ted, and went around from one Jeweler's
shop to another until he found a watch
maker who recognized the - timepiece , as
one In which' he had put a new mainspring
on the day preceding the murder. Thus
the alibi was broken down and the pris
oner finally made a full confession.
Again, only one man in -215 is not lop
sided and badly put together- Many a
man who is a fine athlete and In splendid
physical healtlf would be amazed to find
how unevenly he is made up if he should
undergo the ¦ test of a measuring tape.
Either one arm or one leg is longer than
the other, one shoulder : higher than tn*
SOCIETY GOOD SAMARITANS; ¦ *¦'¦' ¦':¦ ¦ ¦ :'•¦¦¦.. ¦-.. . ¦• ¦ ~" • ¦ ~**
>GLOSSY,^ ELASTIC AND
ALIVE WITH COLOR IS'
THE RULE ';'¦¦; POIll HAIR— :
NERVES MUST BE UN
:.¦¦ KNOWN— DIFFERENT FIG
MENTS AND ' GLAND COL
ORING — BLONDE, BRU ¦
| NBTTE AND CHATAIN—
THE FAVORITE HUE IN
THE MATRIMONIAL MAR
KET. . ' \ .
"The Best Known Club Wo
men of the Pacific Coast?" Do
you know who they are? Or.
i:i knowing who they are,
have you ever studied their
personalities to know why
tliey should be considered the
"best known"? This sketch of
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall is the /
tenth in an interesting series
on just those lines.
Predictions for the week
by a professional astrologer
snovring lucky and unlucky
days for business, love and
marriage, giving birthday ad- '
vice and life forecasts of in
fants born during the next
seven days.
be Venus charcters. They will possess
high-strung, intense temperaments, with
strong emotions and affectionate natures.
They should become talented artists, mu
sicians, literatteurs and actors.
January 12. Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be curious and ambi
tious to learn. They will be fond of travel
nnd will ream about before finally settling
down. They will be interesting and ver
satile, and will always find means of live
lihood.
January 13, Monday— The children born
upon 1 his day will prosper in all worldly
matters. The boys will have excellent ex
ecutive ability and should become man
agers >f large concerns. The girls will be
romantic and should heed advice In their
love affairs.
January 14, Tuesday— This Is a lucky
day, and the children born upon this date
will be governed by favorable" astral con
ditions. They will be fond of out-of-door
sports, and will choose open-air pursuits
as naturalists, surveyors and architects.
Girls will not be very happy in domestic
life, but will prefer independent careers.
January 15, Wednesday— The children of
to-day will be lovable and personally at
tractive. The boys will be brilliant men
tally and will possess fine business ability.
They should become successful manufac
turers.- The girls will be talented in art,
music, and literature, and will make ad
vantageous marriages.
January 1G, Thursday— This is a fortu
nate c?uy for little ones to make their ad-'
vent into the world. The boys will be
fond «if travel, and should make success
ful diplomats. Some, will be gifted drama
tists. The girls will be talented in his
trionic and literary lines.
January 17. Friday-The children born
upon this day will be quick, lively and of
cheerful dispositions. They, will develop
early and be independent, although they
may never accumulate great fortunes
The boys should fill honorable positions
and the girls become prominent socially
January 13. Saturday-The children born
upon this day will be rash, self-willed and
will be inclined to be arrogant. They may
meet with misfortune while they ¦ are
young, but toward middle age they should
become successful men and women.
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You
Op^HE week beginning on Sunday, Jan-
I uary 12, , will b.c . marked by moat
I* satisfactory: commercial results. ¦.
I , ; > Mercury and Venus . change into
% l X the new slgn : during the next seven
days, arid Venus will be the -dominant
power.; : T - V
v This influence ; will induce* great confi
dence in ! business. . The mechanical, and
artistic -trades will be most noticeably
benefited. • . ; , . ; .
i Speculative markets will he under a
yielding vibration, andthere should be, a
reaction^ "of . prices. ; ; -'- There ,'will be somu
heavy, investments made during the week,
r. Conditions render health Bigns favorable
for the first part of the.week.^but the last
days of the -seven will -produce a'depress
!ngr effect upon people.', ,,-¦ -.
"The weather. .will be pleasant for several
days, followed by storms.'
/.This week 'is not propitious .for happy
marital ..unions. On Thursday, .the 16th,
from 11 a. m. to 1 p. m.," is the mo3t ta
vorable period for. marriages," and thi.^
time had best be chosen by couples who
are to bo .wedded during the ¦ coming:
week. - . ' ¦: .V- ¦''¦*' , " .
;V -¦?¦''¦ rj'/i' I-l'tinsSS. .. ¦'
January. 12, Sunday— A r good day for so
cial enjoyment and recreation^ Do ' not
sipm any Important papers upon thi3 date.
January j 13, Monday— This day should
bring unexpected good foi tune to all large
business enterprises. Contracts shpuld^ba
signed to-day v only from 9 to, 11" a. m. and:
from 2:30 to 3 p. m., for influences during
.these' hours arc , most auspiciouk. ¦ Specu
lation should- . be /heaviest : in \ railroad
stocks and foreign securities. Metalsand
ironshpiild rise,' but at noon sugar, should
lead the, market: ' ; •
I.January; 14,. Tuesday— This is an excel
lent day upon which to "seek, employment;
ask favors { and . to i>ush all business ? af
fairs^ ; Speculation will be.very'uncertain,
withisuddenchanges when least expected.'
aridrmuch '.money will be lost-upon this
day.' v ,;, "/;• ¦ : . .'-.¦ . - : -.-'-.-'^'¦/ .-.
}l January -15, ¦ Wednesday— Influences ren
der this day a good one for all matters of
law. iThls IsalsoV a propitious time for ;
personal business affairs and for complet- ' ;
ing /arrangements and ; making contracts
with publishers.^: Much caution ] should .be '¦
used in speculation: on this day;., The mar- v
ketv will .open" low,' but should be": subject
to rapid "changes. , .';"', .
January.16, Thursday— Inventions should:
be pushed "upon" this day and mechanical;
lines ; should ( flourish. _ Those 'engaged ' in'
musical .or j artistic ; "professions should
meet\with; great' success ,upon ! this date.
Speculation opens 'fair. Grainshould go
up by.10, but' may, be very changeable un
tilil2 m:;:'-^ : V. .' ; t ¦'.• . :•-. '^ ¦ ;
January 17 A Friday— Wholesale business
will be most active upon V this -day, and
large financial results will be realizes.
This is a good \ivs.c for solicitors to be at
.work. ; -
The market will be very lively upon this
day." Metals should lead the market at
noon. Grain and sugar should rise a few
points at the close.
January IS, Saturday— This day should
be a profitable one for the retail dealers.
There' should be s.ome Important changes
instituted by the railroads upon this date.
Favors should be granted, if asked, be
tween the hours of 10 a. m. and 12 m.
The market should open low and be at
its highest point by 11 a. m..X>:
Birthdays.
January 12, Sunday— Those who cele
brate the anniversary of their birth upon
this day will experience a fortunate year.
They should meet' with success in busi
ness enterprises^ or" In professional work.
Young girls should have opportunities to
wed during the coming year.
January 13, i Monday— Those whose
.birthday falls upon this date will- meet
with happiness and success in; courtship
and in domestic life.'
; Young men had; best make no changes
in. their business, 1 nor should they specu
late during the coming twelve months.
January 14, Tuesday— The men who cel
ebrate the anniversary of their, birth upon
this day will be fortunate In -.making
money, but , should ; take . no great risks
nor enter new ventures. Young women
should be most careful In regard to mat
ters of marriage and. divorce.
January 13, Wednesday— Those who buy
to sell again will experience a lucky year,
if their. birtnaay falls upon this day. This
willr.riot be. a' propitious year for travel
ing arid Teat judgment should be used 'in
all. love affairs.
. .Young men should meeljj, their life part
ners during the coming year. ¦
January 16, Thursday— Those who > are :
so' fortunate as to celebrate their birth
day upon this date will, meet, with- great
success during the coming year. Inves
tors; literary and musical people will be
especially-: lucky in receiving . public ap
plause. AH should resist the desire to*
live the life of a' nomad. .
January 17. Friday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this day should be fortunate
in; money; matters and some may lie left
legacies during the, next .twelve, months
All should exercise great care in s the pre
vention of accidents and. sudden Illnesses
, January-lS. Saturday— The first ' half of
the year will be racst auspicious for those
celebrating! the anniversary of their birth
upon this day. but the last six . months
will bring family dissensions and law
suits.
Young girls^wlll make sudden and quite
happy, marriages. '\
Births.
The children' born during this week will
eta will
«T* JT RS. CORNWALL objects mo«t
/ \ i\ strenuously to 4>eing called one
I V [ of California's most famou* -
V I clubwomen. She contends- that
JL she isn't famous. She is only h
clubwoman, and not a very experienced .
one at that. She has been but a few
years at the business and counts herself
merely a worker without fame.
She is delightfully modest about it all,
and ehe hasn't the least idea that all
the time she has been working her repu
tation for that same work has been grow
ing behind her back. Her labors in the
California Club have helped to make thnt
organization known as one of the great
est bustlers on the coast. . ¦
She has charge of the social science de
partment, which is one of the three. thit
compose the club. Fifty women meet and
6tudy under her leadership; they listen to
lectures from outsiders on the theory of
social science, and. what is far more to
the point, they work to help social science
advance. This department has the same
keynote as the whole club, which is ac
tivity. . : :'-%&A
People interest Mrs. Cornwall. Their
needs; appeal to her. That is why she has
always been an active officer in the Red
Cros:s. She is at present chairman of the
transportation and relief committee. She
says that Ehe likes men and finds them
a great deal better than they are gen
erally supposed to be. and the fellows that
the Red Crcse helps are every one of .
there, dear to her heart, which is a big "
Although t>he makes a specialty of this
sort «f work, ehe never lets it absorb all
of h?r time. She has been a member of
the Ssketch Club for a long-time, and she
has a strong leaning toward art. Her
hotel rooms are full of rare old rugs and
shawls r.tid ornaments'. She says that
ehe cares ubout these 'ust because, they
are beautiful, but that sho hasn't an
ounce of reverence In her soul for a thing
just because it came over in the JIaj
flower or because a Persian maiden >
prayed on It.
*1 don't know wh£t my mother will say
¦when she sees her cashmere shawl cut
up to make cofa cushions," she eays,
"but Jt ruaiies such good cushions. The ,
colors blend so beautifully. I can't keep
things in a glass case. I think beautiful
thircs were made to be enjoyed. . I gave
away one of the pair of ancestral candle- .,
sticks because cne was enough for mo
and 1 didn't want to pack away the other
and leave it to tarnish."
She is by no mean* a sentimentalist,
you see, but a very practical woman of
thia busy world. ¦
The -work of which che has most pres
ent .reason to be proud is the Girls' Por
teoiis Club. It Is the child of her depart- 1
ment of the California Club, and it car
ries out her ideas of social science—help
ing others to help themselves. .The club
is aow independent and she is looking
for*»-ard to new labors— still more — that
fchidl add to the good already done by thr
Best-Known Club Women on the Pacific Coast
Amons well known society women in
New York the pure blondes are Mrs. Orme
Wilson. Mrs. Frederick Vanderbilt. Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid, Mrs. Robert Goelet. Mrs.
O-rden Goelet and Mrs. ' I-orillard Spencer.
Tiie brown-haired women are Mrs. Astor,
who has light brown hair, now touched
with icray; Mrs. John Jacob Astor, Mrs.
Levl'P. Morton. Mrs. Seward Webb. Mrs.
Oliver P. H. Belmont and Mrs. Burke-
Roche. Mrs. Geortro Gould.. Miss Helen
Goultl and Mrs. Richard T>Minsberry are
brunettes: Mrs. Duncan Elliott belongs
t.o»tho type known as chatain, chestnut
hueii hair, a fair s v in <*nd dark zray eyes,
po «lark thnt they look brown. Women of
this type are always beauties.
with the.satre number of brown hairs
one is almost bald. It takes IS), 000 blomte
and VXJKO brown hairs to cover an ordi
nary head. Still another advantage can
be rlaimed by the rpd headed, as a rule;
people thus endowed have the gift of
rhyming and versification. They are also
usually pood mathematicians. In Spain a
woman with red hair is such a novelty
that she i3 considered a beauty, no mat
ter how plain of feature. In New Zealand
a red-headed wornan Is regarded as on the
right road to paradise. In China a baby
with red hair is regarded with a wonder
which place3 it almost among the super
natural.
A homely proverb asserts of the colors
of hair that "black's for beauty." Cer
tain it is that the brunette, whether she
have beauty or not, is generally endowed
with courage, physical strength and en
durance. If the blonde type is dying out
and'we are becoming a. race of dark,
haired people, perhaps we are growing
stronger physically. Pisrment takes the
place of nitrogen and feeds and gives
vigor to the system. Li^ht-haired people
have always been considered more sus
ceptible to disease than those of darker
coloring. Age and worry also show more
p'ainly and quickly in the face and eyes
of the blonde than in those of the
brunette..
(Copyright, 1901, by F. Smith.)
THE twentieth century message in
regard to hair, if one would possess
•woman's crowning glory, luxuriant
tresses, is "the magnetic touch."
Fashion seats herself in a comfort
able chair, takes a. book for an hour's
rest, and as she reads an attendant goes
over her hair and scalp, tress by tress,
and inch by inch. Utterly oblivious of
all things but the work in hand, the ex
pert places the tips of her fingers lightly
on tlis head, beelnningr at th« forehead.
The whole scalp Is carefully manipulated,
.every movement being followed by the
mind of the operator, firmness of pres
sure, and rapidity of motion being in
creas«sd as the magnetic currents accu
mulate through the fingrers. The move
ments are continued until this force Is
thoroughly spent, every inch of the scalp
being treated. Before the operation the
roots of the hair, but not the hair itself,
are thoroughly wet. either with water or
a lotion.
After the manipulation the hair is care
fully combed; Instead of beginning at the
head, the first combing should start at
the end of the hair. In other words, it is
combed upward to avoid tangling. break-
Ing and tearing out the hair. This rack
ing of the hair also will remove the dust
and fiva free ventilation. The brush is
the next weapon. With this held firmly
in th«: right hand and the hair grasped
Two brushes are necessary for the toilet
of the hair— a penetrating brush and a
polishing brush.. The penetrating brush:
is made of Btrong, elastic hairs, , but not
so hard or coarse as to Irritate the skin:
The polishing brush should lie made of
The head or scalp cannot be rubbed and
brushed too much; the more attention it
has in this direction t' more healthy
will be the skin; the re healthy its'
functions, the production and mainte
nance of the hair, and, by a reflected
power, the more healthy the individual.
This treatment, which, of course! can
only be given by a person possessed of
a magnetic touch, feeds the hair, by di
recting- a fuller flow of blood to the hair
follicles. One chief reason why hdir fades
and falls o*ut is because it is not fed.
Once a week the magnetic treatment Is
necessary, with a daily manipulation of
the head every, night with the^tlps of the
fingers dipped in tepid water. If the hair
Is very dry dip the fingers in perfumed oil
and rub it well Into the roots of the hair,
as a final stage of the process. Use only a
very littfe oil. '
loosely with the left hand the hair ." is
brushed with a slow, glldlru? motion, every
strand being brushed up, down, right, left,
in semicircles' from the forehead . to the
center of the head, then from the nape
of the neck upward to the same point.
This operation requires from half an hour
to an hour; at the end of the time the
head is all in a glow, and the hair glossy,
elastic and alive with color.
arjdf. a "^a^FUT Df^tavy. ¦ -.
THE SUNDAY OALI^
4
BEAUTY QUEST
fine, soft hairs, thickly studded.
It may not always be possible to com
mand the services of an expert for this
treatment of. the hair. In such case ono
may be one's own operator, and by care
fully following directions in regard to
manipulation.\ combing, and brushing ob
tain nearly as good results.
" .-¦ A Careful Diet Necessary.' »
That there Is a relation between the
scalp and the stomach is a -fact upon
which the wise woman-ponders, and reg
ulates her dietary 'accordingly. '¦'. Certain
I'ooris are detrimental to the growth of the
hair and others nourish it, Baldness is
caused, more or less, by lndlsestlon and
dyspepsia, and gray hairs, too, often ac
cumulate from the same cause3. --Women
who have the finest hnlr live principafly
upon frultB. gi'ains nnd vegetables.. ; Vege
tables and cere.il3 are > hair -tonics; too
much meat and milk cause atrophy of.
the roots, and, of cocse, the'halr come3
out as a result of this condition. Milk
is the poorest diet for the. hair; the loss
of hair, In fever! patients is partly. due to
feeding them almost entirely ..' on milk.
Nor are tea and, coffee much, better as
promoters of hair jcrowth. If the hair Is
falling out cat little meat and drink no,
milk; live upon fruit and vegetables.
Fruit gives luxuriant Iock3, especially
those containing iron. One authority
mentions prunes, cranberries and spinach
an necessary articles.- qf diet, arid advises
eating with due regarSvtq^ the" albumen;
and. gelatin required for "giving color, and'
softness to' the hair.' Hair that grows
coarse is losing -its gelatinous matter.'
" iv.-^portantDctallj. "
'i The ./jfiTlf 'Hho'uld he brushed dally, but;
...the . nearly should be -brushed more : than
It should be pushed, but nut
kofteh/i -Frequent cuttinssT' at regula,r Jn-
Ltervuls'; .say.^ovcry flfteeh vdays," wheth'er
the "hair be .poor, weak. of. abundant.' -.Is'
I indispensable. The • method : of cutting
is on. the eame principle that a gar
dener-would give his roses— cultivation
Herc-a^plant of .weak growth must b9
putY off >• near, the. i<urace -so, that- its
stem :Vmay ; receive more' sap, and the
pldnt 'may. grow up thicker and stronger.
Another* retires lopping only at the sum
mlt.vwhlle every now and then shriveled
plants require "ln,..a" particular*
way'.^ Indeed, _th« head may always be
; playground ;,nt. Seventh 'atid Harrison
streets, and the jail labor. 'She says that
; . as soon' as a work Is under way, and able
-to take, care yf Itself It must be left-Help'
: must- merely, tide those who'needlt over
-the rough, places. The sick must be
heluedronly until they are able to do for
themselves/;- It Is not true social science
.,to take out. of. one's pocket merely to
put Into another's.
# In her; report; of, the girls' club, : an or
. sanitation v'to^promote/' social 'relations
and-,:to; stimulate a desire for studies
-.among; glrla: employed during the day,"
ehe shows'. what zeal may/accomplish. |
. "What Is the Porteous Club? In th's
• bustling, club-ridden land why should we
;be asked to pause and tako an interest In
¦ ;the PorteoU3? ,>f - ;' :-,-.- v
."Firstly because it is young'and tcn
• der-a veritable babe among female clubs
—and the maternal pplrit which 'yearns
over all .'fledgelings 'should .make I our
/hearts go out to this blrdlet, just leavintf
the nest apd trying Its wings.' :
"Secondly, because : the Porteous I? a
next experiment ' In clubs-an attempt to
lighten the-lot of*the -weary toller by "t'hV
Interchange of mutual sympathies and ex
ercise, of mutual aspirations. The ordin
ary; club claims, the woman of leisure; the'
Porteous is | for her who labors j withy her
hands and has scant time for the pleasant
byways of culture and refinement. ."
"Thirdly, because every attempt : to 'le,v
•1, upV the ruts and furrows , in the path
of the working woman or girl should ap
peal, to her sisters all over. the land as an i
, incentive and example. The success or
failure of every such attempt acts directly
on the future of the nation, if or .if the
workingman .is' .the . nation's, bono and
sinewthe workingwoman is its marrow. 11
. The club ;glves attention .to n cooking
class, grammar lessons, '.health talks, lit
erary meetings, social meetings,' physical
culture,- choial singirfg;- sev.ing and needle
work lessons. All, these things 'go on in
their '; own clubrobms. /Mrs. Cornwall
writes: ..i ........ . . /
"I wish my readers could. accompany me
to the. prettiest 7 little, clubrooms in. San
Francisco. =¥A ; home . it Is to many "of the
girlsMn the most restful 'sense. The'Vtt
:. ting-room, with' its -warmth ;and comfort,'
its cozy chairs,-, its piano invitingly open,
greets , the weary, one who'haa perhaps
•passed her day amid'depressing surround-'
:.ings, and. she realizes straightway that
life holds something worth living for. Be
yond;the«,sitting-roonv;Hes the 'combined
dining-room and , kitchen', .'spotlessly clean',
shining with '.the/polish . left' .by; willing
hands, its blue , arid white china standing
invitingly, its- gas stove ready; for. active
service. ? Here the tired girl re
vives; with- the housewifely instinct upon
her. she throws aside hat'and cloak, pro
duces the provisions she has'purchased on
the way . and proceeds • to 'cook .the : tiny
meal.ywhich "has* to ¦ be t merrily i discussed
; and cleared, a way before ''the evening's oc
cupations -begin.- When -the" hour arrives
she is refreshed,; cheered , ; full ' of renewed
r energy." -. - ; ,.-. ¦ ¦ . | •¦ ;•/,>* •:. , - ,
'.- And ,:this { ;is'; only one of the works ; ac
complished; under.; the guidance ' of -this
woman .who . places ¦ herself down— a' long
way; down— on; the list "of. successful club
women.- '¦ ¦ - ¦ • ¦ -
treated as though.it' were a garden, each
halra little, plant thnt 'must have special
care— Liitting 1 , writer and air. The hair
grows faster when cut than when '\ te'.t \
alone: when frequently cut- tlian left
nlone: In youth than in old age, and by
•» day than by night.
" Diseases- of the hair are quite d'stinct
fronr diseases .of -tile sculp; - the iaUer
arise from some disorder of. the boo J;
the former solely from oversttaned
nerves. To the peasant girl of France
nerves are unknown; it follows, then.*
that she has the most beautiful hair
In, the world. Unfortunately, thinking
or .usins.' the. brain. .too much is bad for
the hair; Sliall it; he less thinking and
rmore hair or . theireycrse? - . ,
f : .Use as few.'kuirplns as possible. Give
, the hair plenty of exposure to. sun nnd
-wind. 7 To accomplish this let the hair
hang.uneonflncd as much and a3 often
as possible.
'To keep the hair bright and. free from
¦ the ever-Hying dust Wash hair brushes
oncea week in tepid water and borax
with soap. ' . - . '
v Soap" splits the hair, unless thoroughly
• washed off after using: nor is the fre
quent use of soap advised.
/Although crimps and curls are no longer
the ' fashion, a wavy :' lock or two—just
enough. for a lover to swear by— should be
coaxed," not by means of hot" Irons, but
by something.' which Is absolutely harm
|,lcss; n,weak solution of isinglass, for ex- 1
' ample, or. Iceland, moss, a 'quarter of an
ounce belled in a quart or less of water,
with enough' ,rectliled | spirits added to
kcep.lt sweet. ¦* These. "little sugar curia"
of his mother were particularly dear to
Bflrrle. as . any one will recall who has
read the. charming story of "Margaret
OjrilVy.y All men, as well as most women,
have a penchant , for Iocka with just a
suggestion cr more of wave and curl, and
many a strong hearted Galahad, who has
successfully defied brushes and dimples,
succumbs without a struggle to the seduc
tion of love locks. . • .
» Hair of Different Hues.
Experts In pigments and gland coloring
tell us that the decline of the blonde type
in England, Ireland, Germany and In the
United States is so rapid as to give cause
for wonder as to the reasons which lead
to this change of type. In New York
City the falling off of the blonde is most
noticeable; not more than 10 per cent of
the women are blonde; but amons men
the proportion l» a'trifle larger. Of the
Tltlnnesque order — that is, the hue be
tween blonde and red, really a reddish
gold—statistics show that maidens pos
sessing tresses of this shade have a mat
rimonial advantage over blondes 'and bru
nettes, being: preferred as wives. Titlan
hued women have played prominent parts
in the world's- history, Helen of Troy.
Lady Godlva, Catherine I of Russia, Jean
of Arc, Ninon de. l'Enclos and Lucretfa
Borgia— all are famous, and no one will
pa'nsay their cleverness, though it lay In
different directions.
Red hair — not auburn, but red of an un
compromising shade— seems to he as much
of a favorite In the matrimonial market
as Titian tresses, a red-headed old maid
being almost unknown. Perhaps one rea
son of this is that red , hair is a rarity,
only one woman In twenty hnving hair of
this color. People am less liable to bald
ness who have red h^iir than those who
own fair or brown hair. The reason
thereof Is that one red hair is as tb\r\
ns tive blonde or three brown hairs. With
30,000 red hairs the scalp Is well thatched:uusexen by .the. df*«*«;lopTnent- of ..natural-
jhyfilcal*q'ualltie*,: but-:pure ; arid capable'.'.
H* all .thlngs^T;- rejoicing^ In* their. 5 strength -f
andiwlth;the;h'euith and ambition.; to. en- •
eble'theiTi to, play the. larger part'in the '
profercsa ; oi . the ; -race. -'rcither-' as ¦Individ-'-
r.als «r as mothers' of families.
; I. rejoice -that America has* been among
the foremost to combat Old . World tra
ditions ; with regard to woman's place
among: the; powers for. enlightened ad
vancement and her increasing' physical
fctandara toward entire equality witn
man. This does not imply any danger to
his achieved .position, but with eraulatHm
and xeal rather will he be. helped and
strengthened in all enterprises toward
tneir mutual good. *
It requires eleven players on'a side,.per
mitting a larger number of girls to share
in its benefits. Interclass basket ball : has
given rise. to hard feeling and has made
the struggle for places oh teams, very bit
ter/ but with two hockey teams from each
The advantages of hockey. over basket
ball for the college girls are considerable.
First,,,it is played in the open air, while
basket ball requires a gymnasium.
There aro five clubs at Vassar, and a
match will take place In two or. three
months. At Smith it Is planned to have a
first and a second eleven at each house
and. as there are twelve or more houses,
there will be more than 250 girls con 6r
ganlred teams. ,
THE college girls aro deserting bas
ket ball for hockey. Vassar was the
first to take up this new sport end
was quickly followed by Smith
lege. Mount Holyoke girls are discussing
whether the rougher sport would be too
much out of keeping with their conserva
tive ways.
The Amherst men cannot be shooedoff
the back campus', aVid .they' are enthu
siastic; spectators. " :,'< V T
The Amherst College men.like the adop
tion of x the game by the Smith girjs, for
they have a chance to see the latter at a
match, something .that was not permitted
them when the girls played! basket-ball in
the gymnasium. * \ ¦
Good stick work is lacking, and the girls
are clumsy at wiefdlr.g the sticks.. Good
driving by. the back's and clever, passing
by the forwards are points, in which the
girls are not at all nklllful so far, b'ut
promise Is given of clever playing later,
and meanwhile the girls enjoy the game
because it is good fun.^.v
At present the sirls are not all adept in
the game, and many a fair collegian is
nursing a. bruised shin and is walking
with a halting gait r.nd stiff knees; ; but
such hurts are things to be proud of, for
they show that the victim is a true sport.;
' ¦¦ v, • ¦ ¦ "
house, a large enough .number of girls
may play the match games to do, away
with any unpleasant rivalry.^
COLLEGE GIRLS DESERTING BASKET
BALL FOR HOCKEY.
Not that the young maiden has lcsf
need of the slowly developing ¦ process 0:
sun3hirie and ozone, for her after, duties
In, life were bound to be-just as- severe,
but an absurd j and cruel "convention | for
bade.. Little by 'little this*' false point if
view gave way to one. of completef sah«"
ity. It has taken many years to eradicate
this fallacy, but, as in many enterprises,'
America has. taken themost decislve.lead:
To-day onb : cannot -pick up a ; newspaper
-without seeing the. exploits of this 'or that
'young "women's football* team or.' read of
more-modern Dlana.of the hunt.,. .
j ,< Woman has^become an expert whip, au
tomobillst, "srolf; player. and /what, not,; by
no means" to the loss of womanly charm
in the eyes of her Bisters or of ; men, - bul
with a y d!stlnct galn ; ln their .'.'estimation'
She 'has : ceased to. be" thet faraway ' shrlnt
for man's :and his •- sonnet
eering.lnabsence, and^ has become more of
his "guide, '.'phUbsopKer" and /¦friend,'" 'lils
chum ¦ and equal companion Iri sports and
.pleasures','-; assuming an- equal . responsibly
ity: in- his, labors.': She Is, not -less tender
and sympathetic ;with this broader knowl
edge' this" disciplined J&ody; ; ¦::. ; ; •¦
- Strong men s are proverbially : modest
find gentle.; '- Among ; the tens ' of \ thou?
tahds . whom I have , known • I , : have . met
with few, exceptions. V; In .the same, way
:1 s have found .strong women in. no , wise
An Absurd Convention.
• ¦¦,' ,, ¦ ,¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ . ¦ .-;• . ••'¦..; ¦¦¦;¦ ',j-"--. ; - ' ¦¦"¦¦¦
Modern *...comp»'tttive .methods .have,
placed : woman'.: In the ra.ee whether. sh€
will or noti.whether it is a matter of rarn- ;
Ing dally bread or of merely keeping ur
with the procession in every branch oi
human activity. '¦ Action .is the wa:cli
word, and' in no country 4 is indolence tin
crime that it Is in America. For,- many ;
generations young children were allowed
to Indulge in games and sports'" with equal
freedom till the ' period of adolescence.'
when the young girl was' housed .up be
tween four - walls and taught to I07I'':
shrlnkingly subdued pahd palely .interest-/
ing, while' her brothers took golf sticks;
fishing rods or shotguns and went forth
into the' sunshine. •. ?
fr'a&..!ty a lapse, from the antique ideal
through . persona r carelessness and . in the
gentle flattery (\t man's vaunted Superior
ity by contract with her pliysicalfraiUy?
Surel,y never was a woman's life so full
of action and Interest, rjevor so full of the
real toil that means progress, Individual
and national. If she is destined for spin
stcrhood, never was there such a call to
dedicate her life to good works, never
such a commanu that she must do somo
thing. If she marries, the bringing forth
and rearing of children was never sucli a
responsibility, as the stress of life your
by year grows greater.
There ure certain exercises which. In
dulged 5n for a few moments each day,
will overcome all of the ills and weak
nesses brought on by this Gallic perver
sion. When the father of • English medi
cine was dying, and his friends deplored
that the v/orid should lose such a brilliant
exponent of health, he affirmed that he
was leaving behind him still the two
greatest physicians the human race had
ever known or ever would know— namely,
fresh air and exercise. It Is a matter of.
One cannot walk though the Vatican,
the Louvre, the Elgin room of the British
Museum or any like institution of classic
edification without being struck with the
wonderful beauty of the Roman and
Greek idea's of feminine beauty. It is
unfortunate that while the exigencies of
modern social life have imposed onerous
obligations upon woman, certain atroci
ties of fashion, the corset, for Instance,
have placed an added handicap upon her
chances cf achieving the highest ends. I
am not bo rash as to advocate the imme
diate abolition of the corset, for custom
has made this implement of deformity a
necessity through long abuse. Women
have so Ions bound themselves In this de
vice that to abolish it would be nothing
:-h<>rt of i-xu ell y, us in the case of an arm
carried for some years in a sling and then
compelled to do ho some strenuous labor.
The corset has* become a necessity, and
yet a v-oaian Is not compelled to remain
altogether a slave to its' impositions.
This is but carrying out the ideal statp
Cf Plato, who, in his "'Republic," advo
cates public exercise for both sexes, of
fering to women the same advantages as
to men, teaching them by the ramc meth
ods and with the came care, that they
might strive for bodilj- perfection on co
operative principles. If the enterprise
ever assumes practical form, as I have
every reason to believe, America will be
the first to inaugurate it. It will be a
proud day for the republic and a fore
runner of many reforms for the general
advancement of the race.
America to Lead.
Since coming to this country, after a
lapse of -.some years, I have not only
found my views thoroughly coincided
with, but also further illustrated in tho
general interest taken by wumen in every
form of what might have hitherto been
called "mt.nly sports": not cniy in' all the
echocls and institutions of general cul
ture abroad in the land, but in the homes
of rich and poor alike, restricted to no
class, from lowest to highest, nor to any
age, from babyhood far on past middle
age. Indeed, I am cf the opinion that the
equal sharing of many forms of sport by
men and women will proceed to a point
where both sexes may enter into competi
tion on ec.ua! terms, without restrictions
or reserve, and without the natural envy
Incident t3 such an enterprise, and that
the Olympian games of the future will see
¦women record breakers, without any loss
cf sex distinction or gentle charm.
This worthy practitienc-r deplored the
increasing attention paid by woman ti
all forms o:' spcrt, afflrrnins that not drily
oid men indulgence unlit her for tbc
duties of her sphere, but tended to unsex
her, as it v.ere. making her mannish, ag
gressive and dictatorial, suppressing in
ber those qualities which men admire hi
women, while not taking* on any new
rhanrif by competition with man at his
own same.
There was a serious controversy at the
time, and 1. atr.or.g others, entered heart
ily into the refutation of such a pr^os
terous charge, bringing many Instances
to bear in illustration of the proof thai
the new movement was not only raaUin;
the race stronger, but was adding ir.li
nitely to women's natural charms, rather
than taking from them one jot of tho
graces wh:.ch enchant mankind. •
ry* CELEBRATED weman
f I of London placed herself on record
I I in some of the foremost periodicals
I rot mai'v months ago as a rirrn be
licvy- in t!:e theory that the de
terioration of the race, if t-uch there was.
could be directly attributed to the inter
est which was awakened in physical sci
ence for women.
What Is there in the life of the average
woman that Justifies her disregarding thn
health-giving sports and exercises in
which her brother indulges so freely? Is
«he la reality the "weaker sex," or is this
Great strength Is perfectly consrstent
with beauty In woman, for the muscle* dr>
not take the. masculine form of masses,
but distribute their tncrcusc over thei»
full Ipr.ffth, becoming firm.' close knit aid
rounded, a fatty lawyer of tissue inter
vening between them and the surface
fkln, giving that beautiful evennesB of
outline and the symmetry which we a?e
in the highest classic types. Mofc than
that, with this* exercise the lungs are
made free.* the blopd becomes; properly;
oxygenated and a better digestion waits 'j
on appetite and health on both.
Strength and Womanly Beauty.
I think the time will come when women
will no mere think of binding In their
forms than of emulating the Chinese wo
men by binding their feet, ilowever. as
the sudden elimination of this implement
of vogue is impossible, one can but sug
gest a general method of, overcoming the
evils which are the result of it—cjm
preyed liver. Impeded abdominal circula
tion, lateral curvature cf the spine., short
•windednesf*. cramped lungs and retardt-d
heart action. Ten minutes of thoughtful
and conscientious escrclBe at morning and
again at night will expand the mu$:-u!ar
tissues that are vitiated by compression
throughout the day, developing the mus
cles, which in woman are long and ten
sile, the opposite from man's, which are
short and Inclined to ridges and knots.
There need be no fear, of taking on muscle
to a point of deformity, for the feminine
construction, of the anatomy dees not ad
mit of ft.
The Increased strain cf modern life no
longer exhausts and crushes to earth ths
victim of annemia and hollow convent'ons
which for centuries kept woman In tho
boudoir while her brothe:s v.ere in the
field gathering red blood 'and healthy tis
sue. It was to this age of woman's shelv
ing on silken divans, with guitar and.
French novel accompaniments, that we
nwe the crippling cf woman's Io;ko In
Etce! splints ;.hat do not conform, but de
ferra. after certain accepted idcu's of
fashion, and that have kept thete mor,t
important muscles undeveloped, sa that
woman tar.net d'.scarj them w thou'. gr,.at
im or.ven-er.ee. or even danger.
Strain of Modern Life.
conKTMtu'.ation ;nat the snacmic ape o£
womanhood is passed and : the more en
lightened era is physical science Is. come;
that, unlike hvr sisters of fifty or even
twenty years ego. ail sports and athletic
exercises are now open to her without
cavil or criticism from either her own or
the opposite Bex.- The effect is very whslc
some.
By ©jgene Sandow.
T//£- A7OST FAMOUS STRONC
MAN THE WORLD HAS EVER
KNO VJN WRITES A PAPER
i FULL OF COMMON SENSE
AND PRACTICAL HINTS FOR
FAIR READERS.
5
THE SXJNT>AT : CAM,.
MAKING A WOMAN ATHLETE SANDOW SHOWS HOW IT SHOULD BE DONEIn the construction of a roof garden it
should be borne in mind that the roof, as
a rule, is not built to be walked upon:
consequently to avoid wear some kind of
false floor should be used, even if it is
only an old piece of matting. The plants
should be grown in boxes or pots , and
raised by a bench to the level of the para'
pet. Boxes and pots should have good*
sized holes bored in the bottom for drain
age. It is not easy to grow such plants
as violets unless you can give them shade
at midday, but marigolds, asters, chrysan
themums, primroses, nasturtiums, gera
niums, wall flowers, mignonette, poppies,
carnations, heliotrope and the old-fash
ioned sweet William are all healthy flow
ering plants and will thrive almost in
spite of you. If on the other hand you
are practically inclined parsley, mint,.,
thyme, sage. lettuce, borage and mustard
and cress will all fill space to advantage:
and if you are still more ambitious and
desire," to be independent of the vegetable
man you can grow sweet corn and cab
bages in pots and good white celery In
boxes, as your neighbors in the Latin
auarter do.
build one of these cuoolas there would to*
a great deal more comfort derived from
the investment and if the opinion of vis
iting: critics is worth anything a material
improvement in appearances. -\ ._
THE SUOTAT CXLI*
Tms Is a practical , scheme even for less
wealthy.- builders. ¦-.. In the; East numbers
of s bouses \ have.'- these • cupola - observator
ies, and, here in San Francisco if some of
the money; that' goes.to'make' a false front
to a house were* diverted r andcmDloyed to
PVnpHuap
For privacy; for fresfc -ir, for the giv-'
ins of novel entertainment to your friends
the roof holds many possibilities. You *
may be crowded in every other direction, \^»
but there is always room on top. Jr
DAVID ATKIN3,
The ; roofs • are ; divided ¦ from each • other
by high fences— ominous looking erections
" One 6t the ' gardens, an Italian's, was
given up almost wholly, to flowers. There
were). carnations,'; chrysanthemums : V and
climbing ? geraniums that overflowed ' the
stone parapet : and ; showed : a gay ¦ line , ; of
color to the \ street- below ; and the chief^
charm of this 1 garden lay not in the flow:"
era alone but in . their, background ; ( the ' irV
regular masses "of .architecture^. the, deep
cut city streets, canyons through^ which
flowed streams of busy people, .and, ' : }_ be
yond all, ; the' dull outstretched waters ..< of
the bay.'? Here was a background "for! an
unfolding rose! . ...
. * In \ Chinatown the ¦' roofs are " utilized to
their ; utmost capacity, some as • flower,
gardens, "some , for.. drying,. clothes, .- arid
others as curing yards for; fish. . In every
direction .'can be ; seen ; touches ; of * color,
the yellow, 'white and ; green ¦ of chrysan
themums-predominating. ,'¦; ¦ ._
In • the Latin j quarter you j will find that
the roof garden is used mainly to . grow
the all-important salad ; j but ¦'¦ it is , none
the less . picturesque for : that. Thyme,
mint and sage are grown -interspersed
with : flowers. Even pot celery is . culti
vated, and small, cabbages. It is hard to v
imagine' a\ greater) pleasure 'than aVtrlp.
to" one's 'own 'roof- garden . before dinner,'
and the. subsequent salad, ':¦ fresh;, and
sweet.; Even the gaps left, by the gathered
lettuces recall j festive j memories, | so that
the 'whole" garden has fragrant
tions. .. 7 '.."•;¦ i . ;>•:-.:. - K . r '-'- .¦¦.¦'';'¦¦/
and though they have other admirers -on
Third street besides their owner'; they are
none of them close admirers. »
*\ In t the .residence end of '• San Francisco
the roofs * are ; not used ¦ as ; much '.' as : they
might be, j though one .sees": an occasional
pigeon-house or conservatory. ¦*; A- few of
'the - larger, 1 houses |have cupolas, 'such as
.the Crocker house on California- andTay
lor, where it ; is ' used as a smoking-room.
, In I the business portion of the city al
most the only use made of the roofs is to
print blue prints '„ and other photographs.
High up .> on I the" roof ' the lady , assistant
has her./ domain and,*' as she can. do ' no
work there unless it is sunny," has on the
whole "very, pleasant quarters. • ¦
'/'You "want to know* what for Fdh Sing
put^high; fence, on his.roof?" he asked ..
again.',- .
.".Yes.Swhy?" .* ;
"He keep chickens," he replied, turning*
away." • ¦." ¦ . "¦ '-' ; ; ' •-.;.' -. . •¦ ',. ; ¦;• :'¦.-.
I: assured him that I was not.
that project over the eaves; as you may
see for yourself in Portsmouth Squaw.
They suggest all the romance that in
olden days 'attached itself to moats ' and
battlements — midnight >¦. elopements, : fight
ing,' feud .and "duel. ' I asked Chinaman
after Chinaman what they were there for;
but they pretended to know nothing. This,
of course, confirmed my suspicions. ; Why
all this secretiveness if the fences were
there for any creditable, purpose? -I ad
ventured upstairs, .but was driven back.
What could it be* that they desired'so
earnestly to hide? , At last there appeared
a Chinaman who was both able, and wilW
ing ' to talk. I ; asked .'again what those
close,- high, forbidding. fences meant—ask
ed if they were not placed" there to divide.
the ; warring • tongs. "_ s : • .
>;- "What you want to know for?" he
asked; "you -Ian' lord?"
V.hen a man pays as much for building
trace as be must in San Francisco, it
accommodation, and If one observes care
fully It will be seen that they are not
without their occupants. Here and there
are patches of green;, these are the roof
gardens proper. In greater numbers ap
pear patches of white; these are the laun
dries. And there are other signs of occu
pation not so easy to be made out; you
_w!H see on the downtown buildings, such
as the Palace Hotel, the Mills building
and the Emporium building, erections
that lcok like cottages on an otherwise
empty block- Something is evidently tak
ing place at these giddy heights If one
could but find out.
Her! in San Francisco ! if you trudge
along Kearny street past' the new Hall
of Justice and climb by the old worn
wooden sidewalk to the top of Telegraph
Hill you will see stretching away to the
west and south great valleys of roofs, out
of which, like giant trees, spring our few
towers and steeples — The Call building,
the twin pinnacles of the synagogue, the
ferry building, the City Hall and the old
shot tcwer. These, however, like tall
trees,- have no great roof to them; even
the best affords little more perching room
than would be demanded by a respectable
weathercock. But the othere, the flat
topped bushes of this forest, offer better
The Latin races and the peoples of the
Orient can show us what to do with our
roofs if we are not too proud to learn.
Even In the Latin quarter of San Fran
cisco, or In Chinatown, you may gather
wisdom. But if you scorn the wisdom
proceeding from such humble sources
turn to the East and see what great
things are done in New York; think of
their roof garden vaudeville, their open
air concerts, their restaurants. Or if the
near East Is not convincing, turn to the
Far East and read how the roofs were
used in Jerusalem and of the hanging gar
dens of Babylon.
side you front the street and
on the others are embraced to the point
of suffocation by your fellow sufferers.
WHAT use do you make of your
roof and what use do your
neighbors make of theirs*
None probably, though on one
On the top of the Palace Hotel. are the
servants', quarters, and from , points . of
vantage you 'can sometimes "' see them
making their way 'over the roof on the
slender bridges. This roof is also a hos
pital for sick palms and ferns, and in one
corner the corps of house painters which
the huge hotel keeps constantly em
plcyed has ' its . ¦ headquarters.' A few
years ago the guests were given the priv
ilege of the Palace roof, but those gay
Up there are the weather man's Instru
ments—the anemometer or. wind meas
urer, the anemoscope, the rain gauge, the
sunshine - recorder, a'thermometer and ¦ a
thermograph— and they are ; all self-re
cording. The weather man sees that tho.y
are running smoothly, then locks^the door
and goes dov.nstairs to figure things. out
in his warm office. There is ho end to
the "Ingenuity of man 'when he wants to
keep out of the wetr ? While you 'may have
a couple of ; inches of rain in ; your ; shoes
and another couple of inches down your
neck, you still find it hard to say accu
rately how many inches of rain have
fallen; On , the other hand the weather
man, who keeps himself as dry. as a bonor,
can tell 'you -'to a fraction. And it. is' the
same way with the sunshine arid the
wind.' You sweat like a field laborer, find
your collar all crumpled up before noon,
and . only . know vaguely . then that it - is
hotter than you care to say, while the
weather man sits in his tenth floor, airy
office aid drink iced drinks and • yet
knows a great deal better than you
whether it Is really the -hottest spell we
have had for years, or he can tell- you
accurately the rate of the wind without
stirring: from his chair, while the ¦lay
man, who ha,s chased a new- hat for three
blocks, can only guess. :
probably occurs to him— unless his taste
In architecture runs' to steeples— that
when- he lias put up hr» building he still
has, fifty or sixty feet up. just as much
ppace as he ever had, and how he man
ages to refrain from adding just one story
Is a puzzle. You see. If you 'only go high
enough there is the possibility, that, the
Federal Government might take the roof
for an astronomical observatory., As a
matter of fact, the roof of the Mills build
ing is used as a station by the United
States Weather Bureau.
It is in the district lying between Mar
ket, and Mission streets, however, that
you will find the most practical . and in
genious use of roofs. Here the people
arc hard put to it to. find -.: room. The
athletically Inclined * get. out and swing
their dumbbells there' in .the early morn-
Ing;, the economically inclined who ; do
their own washing may, be seen emerging
flushed and panting on a Monday— which
Is by general consent washing day— with
their baskets* of tJghtly wrung clothes,
which they unfurJ and hang; to dry on
the nearest* telephone wire; the" zoologi
cally inclined ' hide away on their roofs
strange birds and beasts and reptiles.
Parrots, puppy dogs and goats are eom
mon; alligators and snakes, of course,
are comparatively rare; but there are two
flne Alaska eagles moored by. clothes lines
to the roof of a house on .Third street.
.They belong to a bold sailor., named Neil
sen, late of the United States steamship
MacArthur. They were captured after
an exciting j climb ..when, they were not
fully fledged. , Now they are' well devel-'
oped birds and they spend , their time
hopping about . on the , cliff -like buildings
of Third street, listening to the roar of
San • Francisco's traffic instead of the
surge of the northern • sea. .-. The sun they
know ; for an old acquaintance; . and -they
sit . and watch It unblinkirigly for t hours ;
and at night they serve the strange pur
pose of roof watchdogs; not a cat in San
Francisco is. brave enough "to. venture
within half a block of '.. the * end of • the
eagles' tether, and there is consequently
peace in the region # that they;guard.
While Neilsen was 'arranging his pets
for. their photograph he , got a tap ¦ from
one of them and the ¦ talon : pierced • his
coat, a, white starched linen cuff, a thick
flannel undershirt, and, even then, '¦ drew
bloody-but 'that i was s only - play. '• If . the
birds cared they could strike to the bone,'
On the Emporium are. condensers for
the conversion of the steam back; again
into hot water to feed the boilers. These
consist of huge fans, which cool the
steam on the same principle you employ
wlien you . blow on' your coffee In, the
morning as your wife thrusts a piece of
buttered tcast in your pocket and tells
you that the car is coming. ; •
• - - . • ¦
days are gone and none. but employes are
now 'allowed -on the root '.--.'¦ -.
WHAT MANY OF OUR' CITIZEN'S HAVE: FOUND
FEASIBLE IN THE WAY OF SCIENTIFIC
RESEARCH. GARDENING AND
CHICKEN-RAISING.
QUEE/f POBSIBILITIBB IN
THE TOP OF A HOUSE;. .
6
HOW THE ROOFS OF SAN FRANCISCO ARE USEDTHE :SimDAI : CALL. ¦
7
this buckle be c tch the binding of
6carl La and from the middle of the
£ ou we lrt tong feathers start and^ curl
buc £Jd over the top of the hat. hang-
Cl down at the back In sweeping fash
;«n This resort of hat Is very good with a
Klf-woni suit, while the boa completes
•he transformation.
gS 1 nature in all its liveliness and one
ven' interesting or Intensely not so.
The plateau hat is with us for the re
mainder of the year and. one sees iU
rtoS cousins approaching for^ Eastei
wear but even the plateau can be mail*
2 TakTone V o e r y {ho S e flat hats without be
ginning and without end— Just flatnes
every^here-and cover its top with shor
feathers of a deep scarlet order. Btacl
feathers are often used «or this purpose
, but a red top is so very good that "jnus
' be recommended. Let the feathers ap
pear to come from the center and to in
?ery flat, as though a bird were laid oui
5* AW SS.-fflL.rRS i^ t x
better, a small bunch at one side o£ tne
back: a big one at the other.
In Bed. cna nivx.
9JS r tS rlcauty who sets the fashions
te?3»c5srt if KM6 Edward, w ano»
Ha? "sap sra's l ftv !!S "
sri ¦s-.&» 1 as 1 a t sf ¦ sn -s
think it the only complexion color. -
\V th such a hat as this a curling orna
ment of dull gold would go well and could
be caught around the front of the brim
I % at to make a lovely finish to the hat.
I It is really getting so that one can
* scarcely tell a winter hat from\a sum
\ m*r hat. a fact that the milliners deplore. .
It is only the very reckless woman who
buys a hat nowadays - for one ¦ season
only; and the great majority of hats are
to "be worn all the year around. A hat is
changed only with a change ¦ of cos-,' ¦
lume, and lain aside only when there fs
nothing in the wardrobe -that matches.
A "match" in a hat is something that is .
demanded, but the "seasonable" hat has
been quite forgotten. All hats are built
•>erennia.lly seasonable. - • •. -.
a hat that is doing duty this . winter
was a rather expensive hat of la£t sum
mer. It is a plateau, with the top cov- \
ered with alternate folds of chiffon and v
satin. One side is elevated 1 and there is ;
a black satin chou upon "a bandeau. Over \
the upper side curls a long ostrich plume. -
I^ast summer, when flowers bloomed "
everywhere, there were pink roses where
the feather now rests.
The coming Easter hat will show such V t
an array of flowers as to unfit It for au
tumn use. yet there will be ways and \
means of making: It over, greatly asstst^o *
Trimmings a" Hat - ¦
k . and be brought alii ™ n le ngthwlse 7
\ over It. enUrely^^"^ /he brim anct
\ upon all haj of the 5 w ?, h l s ls * 0 °*
shape varietv , r/I e English walking
«nd hat£ " g' ai? d dP UP<) H n f 1 round hau
rims. S5 a "_ descriptions . that-haw .. . .
tualVneed^V tri^« 1^ that '4s . ac
rf flu « ' for 'he. hat 'Is -of -velvet 01 .
? v. « a tre mendously large chou Mi
the front and another 'very, large ¦ chou .
in the back. The loops upon these 'tan -•
be pulled out and 'spread out -until they- .
fairly cover the hat. From under tne
front chou there - can. • come long para
dise plumes or other effective feathers.
The buying of a hat just now is to Jje
recommended to all who have economy as
a dress motif-and few there be : \vho ao
not. Millinery is greatly educed and tne
bargain counters contain much that is oc
¦sirable. A mark down of 50 per cent ' is
not too much to expect and this for tht
reason that the dealers do not want w^ .
•carry Roods over. H a " d f om t t, p ir *fZ\e
"made" hats-that will »»old their-^ yie
several seasons, can now »»e plckea up wj
velvet, these and many _t?er ™ ini | nat , 8
l^rt n oto-.f»ple g «aU^»
4 pToduce the bird like result. ; ;
' •: The New Bow. ¦ .
at M sidT of the. top of the crown In
tnrh a manneras to. stretch from front to
\ A^ck and in the rnWme.pf each bow there .
' is a little buckle. Or the bows are plain, ..
\ depending upon their material for their ,
¦- be The y Alsatian bow is one df the most Im-
\ portant in taillinery. forming as It does .
". P the trimming for the front of a .
. hat It is very good, indeed, upon tno
theater tonue,. and more than good UP°"
the hat with^narrow front brim. It ehould
be mathematically precise and should oc
cur just over the middle of the forehead.
In this spot it gives a classic outline to
the eyebrows, and in case of a natura.
regularity of feature a very sweet expres
sion to the face. The fact that the Alsa
tian does not die from year to year Proves
that it is a good thing and well sustained .
in popular approval. • •
The bow under the side of the hat is -
something' to be Btudied. The women who
tie bows professionally are trying to in-.'
troduce the very long, very flat- bow, to
bo laid flat upon the bandeau. There is a' !
'certain sweep to this bow that carries
style, and it is noted upon' many of the
fashionable hats. ¦-¦¦'-.
Mrs. Alfred Vanderbllt. who' Is thfl
youngest matron In society these days
. and whose appearance with the heir upon
"Fifth avenue in the handsome white auto .
mobile which has been built for her ana
presented to her by an adoring husband.
.wears a hat tilted at one ., Bide and
trimmed with the long bow. The ribbon la -
. no more than three inches wide, and there
are sharp ends at each side pointing front
and back. The loops are five in number..
' two on one side, three on' the other. •¦. \ t ¦/.
; Mrs. Mackay's Hat. ¦ ' :
Mrs.. Clarence Mackay, another young
matron— for it is a season of young ma
trons—wears a hat with a top of jet. It.,
is lifted/at: one side and under the lift
there Is a long bow with medallions 'upon
each of its ends, arranged so that the
¦.medallions fall upon the hair. ¦,"'¦¦ .
Mrs. George Gould, with Miss Edith
: KIngdon Gould,' the ¦ ' latter. v aged five*
months.was seen out, the other day upon r
rT^HE midwinter or our fashionable
1 discontent is made glorious by th«
I hats of January. These come In d'.-
I rectly alter the holidays and relieve
A. the monotony cf the dull schemes of
ress which t% this time prevail.
It is against all rhyme or reason—
gainst all chance belief— yet it is true.
aat the appearance of a gown can be al
?red by a change in hats; and those who
•oum look like new women can accom-
Ush the result by replacing the winter
'orn millinery with something fresh.
vWth an extravagantly long and very
JfFe boa. whether of muslin or feathers.
"* lur or of sltk, and with a new hat top-
ping and finishing the boa, a. woman can
look as though freshly gowned.. Try. it, O
woman of unbelief, and believe! - .- ¦ - ¦
Take your. gown of tobacco brown, a
little passe, and make for yourself a won
derful boa of black taffeta, bound upon
the edges with scarlet panne. Let.lt be
in the form of a double niching and let
its ends depend to the very ground, t
Now get for yourself a new hat. Let
It be in black: your old walking, hat will
do If. covered with black velvet. Perhaps
you. prefer to have it in brown, in which
case use brown cloth, though black is
very good. 1 ou can cover it yourself,
trimly, yet without too great regularity.
At the front let there be a very long
very narrow buckle of silver with Roman
v n rouna of Informal calls. Her hat was quite a dream In taf
feta, with brims of satin straw. The top was one-big chou of '
taffeta, lace and chiffon, all in butter color. A very long, slen
- hat curved and jetted, ,was curled around the top of the
Her mother, Mrs. KIngdon, wore a hat which might serve as ¦
a model 'for 'an elderly, woman. In : dull black It , showed a regu
larity of ; outline. The sides, were, turned up evenly and I there
was suggestive of rakishness. -The- absurdity cof . the
tilted hats, slightly askew, upon faces of 40-year-old placidity,
Is apparent to -all- who view. them.. This hat.was placed, with'
all regularity upon the forehead and the sides were trimmed, 1
one. wit-Ira puffing of black jetted chiffon, the other with a jet-*.
- ted feather. ¦ • ' - ¦ • . ¦>.-.• . .-.-•-* *••
,The trimmed.feather Is in and will stay In for/ the present.
It Is treated in many ways. Beads, embroidery, hand painting
and'shirrlngs of chiffon are carefully: disposed along each edge
of. the feather. , Others - have little : silken > dots placed - upon
' ¦ • . ' . •. - , . T-,
the flat parUof the feather and blackyel
vet diamonds pasted here and there. These
and many other ornamentations will be
seen upon the feathers . of iate winter.
Quills are specially susceptible to treat
ment. The ostrich feather, on the othsr
hand, is liked better in Its plainness and i3
not even jetted as frequently as of yore.
Shaded feathers will appear witn tho
spring. They are seen in colors, shading
from light to dark and from dark to light.
Miss -Helen Gould, who is really one of
the best dressed women in New York,
wears a hat trimmed with "a very costly
plume, one side of which is white and
the other side jet blJck. To hold the
white from the black there Is a mingling
of olack and white, just at the central di
viding lines. r
. Embroidered Felts.
Among the novelties seen just now are
the hats of embroidered felt. These are
very expensive -to buy, but very easy to
make. Like so many things that are hand
done, they class very high In the dress
'schemes and are sold at really extrava
gant prices. In .these goods the woman
who is handy -with the needle possesses
advantages untold.
- A bat of tan colored felt, while a simple
thing with a big, floppy brim and a little
top trimming, had embroidered around
the brim a number of red roses and silver
leaves. The effect was new and very
good. The under part of the brim, was
faced with black chiffon.
Velvet hats, especially those in black
velvet, are more than effective, embroid
ered in natural flowers, and many there
are that will follow tneir fashion. The
black velvet that responds more quickly
to embroidery than any other hat under
the sun and comes out a really elegant
affair. The black velvet Gainsborough,
or the Ronrney; or the very stiff black
walking hat, with one side of the brim
higher than the other, can be embroidered
very well. • j
A hat showing a green leaf embroidery
was trimmed with green panne. Another
hat. this an English walking hat in black
velvet, had violets entirely covering Its
outer brim. ';' • . %
The facing of a* Gainsborough was In
pink wild roses and the top was a mass
of feathers. . . -
picture bat was ; In. Gainsborough shape,
with the longest feathers draping Its top.
The feathers fell over the back of the hat
and caressed the neck and shoulders.
Fortunately the wearer was one of the
tall girls of New York society and meas
ured a sufficient number of Inches to look
well with such a length of feather trailing
down her back. . .
Her Gainsborough was faced with brown
; ; velvet and upon this brown velvet fac
• Ing. there were embroidered sprays or
stems of carnations. . 'i n.e tiny but in
tensely, green, leaves stood out with a!'
the stiffness from the stalks, which were
slightly curved to allow of their being dis
posed upon the inner brim. They crossed
and intercrossed, each stem toppeu with a
carnation,. • . - ; -
The Boa Season.
Those who have not already succumbed
to the temptations of the modern boa
must be prepared to do so, now. Under
certain conditions it is not becoming.
The boa does not look well upon the
short woman.
The boa is . not adapted to the double
chin. -. , ,
The boa requires a certain length of
neck.
The boa, to be gracefully worn, must
have the coiffure built high for it.
.In spite of these restrictions It Is to be
seen upon everybody, of every size and
. shape, in the feminine persuasion,
; - The popular ostrich feather adornment
: iS very well known and its possibilities, as
.'well as v its. price,-' fully gauged. It can
hardly be equaled in either. .->.. ¦ - - '-
". Then there Is toe. boa, of short, -Irregular
' 3 feathers, uncurled, : an* TmaTiy ;qf ' '•' them- •
• V stiff. These feathers- exactly r?s«nble the-/
- feathers in a feather duster arid one has
an uncomfortable feeling that 'the fj. are,,
'¦some that have escaped 1 , that fate t^aiicj
been elevated to a position- of temporary.*
' : - i ...,««> vi»t the fashion leaders at» '
prominence^ .^et we wh<r bought <a yJ!r
town. • ->; .- fh . mUS Un boa.- ThJjJ }*S
¦¦¦jP^tofSu" muslta and Is compose* ,
made out of su*™ instead o£ a ruch-.- /
of a double box Plaiting^ and is' -v
VoVn a^&rS^Jljb. and caught ;
as 1 ?
ChMtai. as a boa material, holds its |owr
soft look. The white chiffon boa »f mor«
than good, and the black one Is as njoaisn,
an all-around article as one could have -
for the- neck. There Is Jio .objection
to finishing the edge of, the big, soft,
double ruching with the tiniest border of
eiderdown, no more than an eighth or an
Inch wide. - •: ¦*,,,,., ¦ •¦
Great boa effects can be looked for. this -
spring. One now seen upon a woman wno
orlngs advance styles each year Irom ;
Paris shows a very long string or sliK •
muslin with a ruching of chiffon wound
round and round it, td make a very heavy,
rope-like uffair. This is caught every lit- ;
tie way by ribbons .that are tied tightl?'.
around roses that hang from long stems,
•six -roses, all upon stems of varkni?/
•engths, are very pretty and it can cer
iainly be claimed for them that they dress
up the gown. Floppy, hats, boas, long, :
rat and. fluffy, trailing skirts, and plenty
"V J£ welr y hangings will be ±he properties
of the spring outnt. - : , •
The woman who can go out with a hun
,flred dollar bill and return with one cent
; of it /is indeed strong-mlnded-if she is
guided to that most tempting of allspots,
-he jewelry counter. This/ fairly groans
inder a metallic load of attractiveness.
; Jeweled : HangingB. ' •
.?, he , flrs t itenr of "Jewelry" is the belt.
..his is. of, much width, often nearly a.« ,
deep as from. the belt to the arm. pits 'an<? v '
is made upon an elastic foundation.! It?
surface- is studded with steel nail heads
« r 'fl lv^ T lf ,, vou -Prefer, or- gilt, of .you .
would be still more, ornate. You. can get '¦
these belts positively glistening, and > the '
more so the better. The buckles are very
Jong and very narrow, anxl many of them
are made, of steel, beads or of jet; or of- '•
gold beads, bo' that they, are pliable and '
.give" to the waist a little., This pliabll- -
uy is something to be considered whtu
one Is Ituyingiso wide an affair.
• «i^, e w!de belts thaf have buckles' front
»nd back are out of their class. Empire in
: *i ame> they d0 not follow. empire lines.'for 7 "
tne true Josephine has only the- front
buckle. But. the two-buckled ones are bc-
1 "^^ and, like the new boa, and tho
new hat, they. dress; up the gown groat
•£y= and In many; cases utterly change Its-
The -diversity in ; belts is growing more
'kw ?i ore .Pronounced. 'The tallor-mado
•pelt, though apparently simple, is one of*
the expensive trifles. Of stitched taffeta.
1!< ?* m ?r. e ' than one In ch wide and fastened
with the smallest of gilt harness buckles, -
it Is sold for $2 by; those who; handle tall
™"f made trifles. It is very stout and does
in ? *S kH 1 of shape. ¦•". It is slightly, wider
1 "_t he back than in the front.. ¦• - ¦'¦ •. ¦ ¦
There Is a tailor-made method of fasten
ing. the belt to the skirt,' and, strange to
f av > ".la effective. This depends not upon
the skirt nor the belt >nor the waist. v It -
ls gather ¦ a method. The , shirt - waist.
whether, it- be of flannel, ¦ of taffeta, of
lace or of novelty,. Is pinned to the corset
securely^ with, safety plns.r A .little strip
of muslin : applied :: by hand ¦ protects , tho
' fabric. . ¦.¦•;,• • ¦¦' ¦••¦
Small Appointments.'.
Tne . skirt, Is'tiow slipped . on and is
SI"."? ° *? tne 8hIrt waist ¦ with common 8
*t , et & plns * It -must, be- lifted high and A
caught securely, and, for .the purpose, at ¦
least two safety. pln3» are required. . •¦
The narrow, tailor made belt is now put ..'
on. ana. .is located- exactly over the safety.' pins, covering tho
band; of. the skirt at the- same time. -The belt hf pulled down
in rront; and if the • work- has been • well done it' will positive! v
stay-in , place. This is. the -method -taught-by all- the-tailor«
?£ ".certainly effective in joining waist and skirt. Treated
tnus_they positively will not sever, their, diplomatic relations,
v '1/ ? J^ weled . bag is something .that . hangs from \ every smart
belt. In jets or In steel it costs upward, considerably, upward,
of one dollar, and in silver it runs from o'ne 1 dollar, for a tiny
one, up. to $20 for a handsome one of good "dimensions.; Those
wluv dress regardless of .cost, hang. one ; of these belt bags from
tne belt and trim it with a monogram upon ¦ the -. front. A bag
of gold- chain: had', a" big; turquoise letter and along, the upper
edge •.' there were ". three ,; big turquoises. =-> The -A catch which
fastened the ; bag to the band. of the skirt had three turquoises
set in it. .V, ..•:-", •.;'•¦'- ,.•¦¦:..-; ¦'¦::.,¦-¦>'¦ .:v.-- ¦-.. -
'.} The dangle,' that feature of ; feminine' delight, is now seen ; in
new shapes. ,~The locket, "the watch, * the 1 ; writing -tablet, the
engagement booK, the pencil ana pad. tne
charm, the seal and even the cigarette
holder all depend from the chain which
hangs around the neck.
• It> is to be a decorative • season," as far
as jewelry, is concerned and turquoise will
lead In favor. Small and Inexpensive sets
of .: turquoise pins set In a rim of gold are
worn upon the front of.' the, waist that
opens in; the back: and great blue
brooches adorn the belt, the. stock and
the middle of the • chou. ' . » ¦
Central . Kansas - Is . complaining: of a
horse famine. The farmers have been too
ready to sell their horses to English army
purchasing agents, and now the farmers
are -compelled to pay from J125 to $140. for
anlmals-that a year and a half ago found
no purchasers at $75.
In dealing with the famine In Southern
Russia the authorities have, adopted a
novel method of testing: the needs of the
hungry. They tap the bodies of the hun
gry folk; and If any one is found well fed
he is denied the assistance of the famine
funds and sent - to prison to expiate his
crime. «."-,...
: — ¦ ? ¦ '. — .
The numerous restrictions recently
placed upon the manufacture of matches
in Ireland have led to the closing of two
factories In Belfast About 400 operative*
have been thrown out of employment.
HATS FOR THE DULL DAYS OF JANUARYTHE SUNDAY CALL,.
8Continued on Page Ten. „-
baby whlte-plne crosses they sets up on
the little jim-crow stone-heaps along the
trail to the tomb, meanwhiles, howlln*
cald dlrfres constant.
"Which, now I thinks, I might bresh
up them recollections of a mornin' when
J rolls over, blankets an' all, onto some
thing that feels as big as a boot lalg an'
plenty squirmy, an* how I . shows - great
real a-gettln* ..to my feet, knowin I'm re
posin' on a rattlesnake who's bunked .in
£.g'in my back that a-way to warm him
se'f. It's worth any gent's while to see
how heated an' indignant that serpent
takes It because ol me turnln* out so
early an* eo uwlft.
, "Then, thar'si a mornin' when I finds
royse'f not five miles down the wind from
a prairy fire; It's crackin' an' roarin' in
fleme-sheets twenty foot high an' makin'
lor'ard jumps of fifty feet. What do I
<Jo? Go for'ard down>-the wind, set fire
to -the .grass myse'f (and .let her | burn
ahead -of me. In two minutes I'm over a
burned derestrict of my own, an' the lime
trim orig'nal flames works down to my
lire line that a-way, my own fire is three
ir.ilea ahead, an* I myse'f am ramblin'
uionp: cool an' saloobrlous with a safe,
shore fiiea of burnt prcJry to my r'ar.
"An* thar's a night- on the Serrita la
' ¦ .. v - -. ¦: ¦'¦.'¦ :.C -.-¦
holds the bow sort o' flat down .with his
left hand, his errers -in their cow-skin
quiver sticks over his right shoulder. This
way he would Hash his right* hand "back,
yank forth a errer, slamlt-onrhis -bow,
1-ull it to the head an' cut it -loose, is
shore a heap earnest.- '-.Them, missels
would go sailln'off for. over three hun
dred, yards, an' I sees .him ¦" get seven
started before ever the' first one strikes
the ground. They acquires four antelope
by this yere archery, an' shoots mebby
some forty errers; all of which they care
fully reclaims when that excitement sub
sides. She's trooly a sperlted exhibition
while she lasts, an' I finds it mighty en
tertainin'. 5 .. ¦ . .
"Which I throws these yere hints loose
this a-way merely to show : ; you what
might be allooded to by way of narratlfs,
grave an* gay, of sights pecooliar to the
trail, if only-some gent of long: experi
ences ups an' devotes hlmse'f- to them
relations. As it is, however, an' recurrin'
to Tom an'. Jerry— the same bein' as 1 in
forms you, my two wheel, mules— I-reck
ons now I might l>etter set forth" about
how they comes to die that time. As I re
marks at the go-off, it's his , obstinacy
downs Jerry.. while pore.. tender Tom, per
ishes a victim— volunteer at that— to: the
• - • -¦'.¦<¦¦ ,.'¦ .- ¦ • ..:'..•••''¦' ' : - -.-'¦¦
never makes : ,them i crosses.: -As a roole
he's plumb defiant, of sperits: an'. 'even
when he ain't, he don't ' nacherally- see no
r^fobge In a cross. | Mexicans, on. the
other hand, is- plenty strong on> this sym
bol. Every mornln'- you beholds a Mexi
can with. a dab of white on his fore'erd,
an' i on each ¦ cheek [ bone. : an' - also ' on - his
chin, where he crosses ;hlmse'f^ with flour/
Shore ; ¦ said i custom > is ' yooniversal r an'.-- it
takes a;'quart: of 'flour -every mornln*:to
orga nize a • full blown Greaser household
ag'inst them antic'pated perils of the'day.
"Which,: no "sooner am I.cl!ar of Vegas—
I'm camped near the Plaza :de/la- Concep
clon at thetlme^ when I sort^ 0'.' rounds
up them .eight mules an*, looks 'em over
with reference to -their characters. . Itrs
allers jest , as- well ¦ for .a "gent to; know
what he's' ag'inst; -.an'* you-all can- put
down: a = stack -on ; it,^ the disp'sitions of
eight'- mules 'that a-way, is shore a prob
lem.. "•• ,-^\.:' -.;¦'> ¦¦• :; '" ¦.-''-¦.,'•-. ¦:'¦-.'. --. ....-¦<,,
"Said review.Is plenty satisfactory.'! The
nigh 'leader, is, a "steady, practical . person
same; as a lead mule oughter be,- an'.- 1
notes by -his'ca'm jedgmatical eye that
he's goin'>to give himse'f- the benefit, of
every - doubt, . an! • ain't; out, to - go •. stam
pedln' off none : without; knowin'. the < rea-
Bom.why.~-'.- His mate, atv the.-other ¦ end.- of
ftf his— 'full of p'int as a bbwle. knife, ..they
be— shorely - cheers an' lifts the sperits of
theJ rest« ; The' off swlng^ is a ; heedle3*.
jolly creature; who regyards his facetious
mate as the -very-parent *of • fun% an'-~he
goes about. with . his y'ear.cocked an", his
mouth' sort oV ajar. -organized to -laugh
them;'hah.*hah!'tlaughs of.his'n.at. every
word. the^clowjj, mule, turns loose.-- ¦''/ .-'¦¦ ;
4 '¦¦ "Tom f an' Jerry - is : plumb ; different from
the others. Which ,bein'. bigger,' an* hayin'
besides; the " responsibilities - of .the hour
piled- onto.them— as wheel mules must—
they cultivates: a 1 sooperior air, an' ; Is a.
heap distant > an' reserv* in their atti
toode's' towards them former, six.:. As to
each other.' their pose., that a-way, i needs
more deescriptldn.^ Tom,- the nigh wheeler
—the one I. rides when drivin'— is - infat
yooated tb : the limit of beln'ediotlc with
Jerry/' I hears a > sky .sharp aforetime
preach about:. Jonathan, an' David., Yet
I'm yere to assert, son. that •. them : sacred
people ain't* on fcpeakin' . terms compared
to the way that pore; old lovln' Tom mule
feels towards -Jerry. ;;
•" "This yere affection of Tom's is plumb
amazln'. speBhully- when you-all ' recalls
the fashibnin. which that sullen Jerry re
ceives . 1t. ¦¦¦- Doorln':.. the "several . years i
spends in the s'ciety of saldteam 1 never
¦ : ,
mentions tms yere onaccountabi© infat»
yooation- of Tom. 'This Jerry mule loves
that. Tom mule friend of his. only he ain't
lettin' , on. I knows a lady once, whose
treatments of her husband is a doopllcate
of Jerry's. -She metes out the worst of it
to .that long sufferin' sport at every bend
on the trail; it (looks like he never wins a
good word or. a soft' look from her once.
An' yet when that party cashes in. what
ever-does this lady do? Takes a hooker
of whisky, puts in p'isen enough to down
a dozen wolves, an 1 drinks off every drop.
"Far'well, vain world. I'm ¦ goin' home."
says ' this; yere lady; "which I prefers
death ; to sep'ratibn. an' I'm out to jine
my beloved husband in the promised
land." - I knows, for I shore attends the
fooneral'of that fam'ly— said fooneral is
a double-header, that. a-way, as the lady,
bein'. prompt; trails out after her husband
before, ever he's done pitched his first
camp — an' later assists old Chandler In
deevlsin' a epitaph for 'em, the same
caperin*. off in these yere familiar words:
.- She sort o' got the drop on him.
In the dooel of earthly love; .
.; Let's hope - he Bets an even break '
• .When they meets. In heaven above.
i"-'VThar.' concloods Dan. 'is what I re
eyarda as & parallel experience to this
1 earns if ever it swallows one! — is torn up
' omplete. an' the bottom of the river is
A li'ilin* eand, with a shallow here an*, a
::ole deep enough to drown an' "sink a
boos* in scooped out jest beyond. An* I
' an't pau*e that week or two fer f he
¦iver to run down an' the ford to settle.
: o I goes spatterin* an* tumblln* an*
: wimmln* across on Tom. my nigh
u heeler, opens negotiations with the LIT.
.ranch, .an' Bob Roberson. the managt-.r,
ran his riders round-up the pasture, an*
' omen tihargin* down to the fore with a
i.unch of one thousand ponies; all of 'em
•lancin' an' buckin' an' prancin' like
fhil'cn outen school. Roberson an' them
J^IT. riders throws the thousand broncos
serous an' across the ford for,mlghtv
Mkely it's fifty times. They'd flash 'em
ihroagh— the whole band together— on the
run. an' then round 'em up on.theop-
M'site bank, turn 'em an* jam 'em throug.n
:s'in. When they ceases, the bottom of
•he river. is tramped. an' beat out plump
hard an* as flat as a floor, an* I hooks up
:m' brings them wagons over like the
ford— bottomless quicksand she is a hour
¦i yrlor — ii« one of these yere arphalt streets.
\ "Or, [ might relate about a cowboy
' tournament which gets pulled off ov»r in
the flat green bottom of Parker's arroyo;
firing. This Kingman ain't got no wln
» .i.in-s; its door is four-inch thick of oak;
¦.in' thar's loopholes for riHes in each
~ide. which shows them sports who
juiida that edifice In the stormy long-ago
.s shore lookin' for more trouble than
comfort, an' prepares themse'fs. Them
iwo • cow-puncaers 1 rinds 'in charge is
:-cared to a standstill; they allows this
yere Kingman's ha'nted. They tells me
how two parties who once abides thar —
rather an' eon they be — sets downed
focie j'«ars prior by a hold-up whose aim
:s pillage, an' who comes squanderin'
along one night, like 1 does, an' butchers
-aid fam'ly in their sleep. Them cow
¦ uiicherji declar's they, hears the spooks
i,o scatterin' about the room as late a.s
ihe night before 1 trails in. I ca'ms 'em
— not beln* subject to nerve stampedes
none, that a-way— an' that same midnight
when the sperits comes ha'ntln' about
LLg'in, I turns outen my blankets a whole
;ot an' lays the specters with the butt of
mv mule whip — the same bein' a couple of
kangaroo rats. This yere would front
up for a mighty thrillin* tale if I throws
inyse'f loose with its recital an* daubs la
(be color plenty vivid an' free.
"Then thar's the time I turns off an'
swings over to the H. S. ranch for corn—
bein' I'xa out of said cereal — an' runs up
0:1 a cow gent's spurs, laigine, gun-belt,
big hat an* the full regalia, hangin'. to the
limb of a cotton wood, dead as George the
Third, t.n' not a hundred feet from the
viinch door. An' how inside, I finds a
half-dozen more cow folks, lookin' grave
:ui" eayin' nothin'; an' the ranch manaj;*»
:-.as a bloody bandage about his for .- I
.in* another holdin' up his left arm, li. £
nandage, half sling, that a-way; the \v.t
I .nsemble,' as Colonel Sterett calls it.
:-howin* sech recent war that the blood's
still wet on the cloths an" drops on the
as we talks. An' how none of us
.-:a3's a word about the dead gent In the
• .-cttcnwood, or the manager who's shot
jp: an' how the same manager outfits me
with tei Racks of that mule food an' I
;;ces p'intin' out for the Southeast an 1
:orgets all I sees an' never mentions it
iig-'in ontil jest now.
'Then thar's Sim Booth of the Fryin'
Pan Outfit, who's one evenln' cammed
with me at Antelope Springs; an' whe
: addles up an" ropes onto the lalgs of e
<iead Injun where they're stlckin' forth^
bein' washed free by them rains— off t»
one **id«!. an' pulls an' roils that copper
colored departed outen his sepulcher a
whole lot, an' then starts his pony off a(
;i canter an' port o' fritters them remains
obout trie landscape. Sim does this on the
.-.rgyment that the obsequies, former,
-..ikes place too near the spring. This yere
Sim's pony two months later, steps in a
:>rairy dog hole, when him ah' Sim's go
in' afons full swing with some cattle on
a stampede, an' the cayouse falls on Sim
tut breaks everything about him lncloosif
if hl« neck. The other cow-puncher allers
.illows it's because Sim turns out that
;;borig1rie over by Antelope Spring that
I imer">Jow, that episode, properly elab'
rated, might feed your attention an* hold
:t spellbound some. . . ¦ .
"Son. If J was to turn myse'f loose on,
great an' little, them divers an' sundry
.rscidentn of the trail, it would shorely
• onsoome years in the relation.- I couM
;p11 of cactus flowers, blazln' an' ¦ brilliant
::? a eye of red fire ag'ln the brown dusk
w "f them C»serts; or of mile-long fields of
Spanish bayonet In bloom; or of some
Mexican's doby shlnin' like a rooby in the
: unllght a day's journey ahead— the sam»
it in" a onbroken mass from;, roof to
ground of them peppers they' calls chili,
i.11 reddunln* in the hot glare of the day.
"Or, II all-you has a fancy for stlrrln*
incident an* lively scenes, thar's a time
•vhen the rains has done raised the old
¦ '.Miadian ontil that quicksand ford at
Tascaso— which shorely eats a' hundred
volubility into other and what were to
* me, at least, more interesting channels.
A "Tell me of the trail— or a story about
animals," I urged. "You were saying re
cently that perfect systems of oral, if not
verbal. . communication existed between
mules and that you hud listened for hours
to th«ir gossip. Give me the history of
one of your freighting trips and what be
iell along the trail; and don't, forget the
comment thereon— wise, doubtless, It was
100— of your long-eared servanis of the
rein and trace-chain."
"Tell you what caances along the trail"
Son, you-all opens a wide-dung range for
iny mem'xy to graze uver. 1 might tell
you how once, I'm lost freighun' from
Vegas Uuto the Panhandle, an' am two
uavs without water — biazin' Jooly days,
t-o hot. you couldn't touch tire, chain or
i.oli-heati without Irym' your lingers. An
aow at the close of the second day, when
i hauls in at Cobra springs, 1 lays down
l.>y that cold an' biesseU. fountain an'
dlinks till I aches. Which them two days
of thirst, terrorizes nie to sech degrees
;;ai far one plumb year tharafter I never
n;eets up with wattr when I don't drink
u quart, like I'm, layin 1 up ag'ln another
uarched spell.
••Or, I might relate how I stops over
one night, from Springer on my way. to
ihe Canadian, at a Triangle-dot camp
called Kingmiin. This yere is a one-room
u.i:u- house, out stark an' sullen an' alone
on the desolate plains, an' no scenery
ivorth mimin' but a half-grown feeble
I interfered to trap the currents of his
r\ BSTINACY or love, that a-way,
f when folks pushes 'em to excess,
Ui is shore bad medicine. Which I'd
" be a heap loath to count the num
bers them two attrlbootes harries
to the tomb. Why, son. It's these yere
sentiments that kills off my two wheel
mules. Tom an' Jerry."
The Old Cattleman appeared to be on
the verge of abstract discussion. As a
metaphysician he was not to be borne
•with. Tti«re was one method of escape;
Copyrlrht. 1902. by Robert Howard Russell.
Tom and Jerry,
Wheelers.
Cruz doorln' a storm, when the Ilghtnin'
melts the tire on the off hln'<i . wheel of
iny lead wagon, ah" me layin' onder it at
the time. An* it don't even .wake me up.
Another time, I com«s up with, eighty In
juns at Chico Springs, who's be^n down
buffalo huntin" W> the South Palb'-Druro,
an' has with 'em four hundred odd-iponles
loaded with hides an" buffalo f beef fan'/ all
headedffor their home'feamps overs back
of Taos»- : .'Them rbuoksis resting. up ? .fpr. a
clay or 'two' wlien . I fides In .0$ . 'em; an'
later me-anf a,Jialf-4p ien " Jn'raps a band
of. antelopes Jest 'rourid-a-tp'fcrft-of rocks.
Son. yt>u-al 1^ would * hiv^Vadmired* to see
them • savages shOot~* qeli5£errers. £ I 06
serves'brie young buck -a'-'heaD "dost. ," He
love he b'ars that contrary mate of his. -t,
"Them mules. Tom an'. Jerry, is ..obtain- v
ed by me, orlg'nal. In- Ve|ras. They're the?
wheelers of a .- eight-mule Xteam, ah\ SI*"#.
gives Frosty— who «s a>. gambler '¦an'.'i'w\ns^'
'em at monte of some.loCded- sport from ",.;
Chaparita— twelve. ;hutidrfcd lh-:; J
cloosi f of wagons, "Jor^he-'outfit. -. Which A'
the same is cheap -'aTf^easy^at? double the \
dinero. '.'•. -..V .•-'¦'•ii./S *r^v-'V"-»T r '' 1^--'--- VtV.'-''
"These yere mules^fi^s- been' 'part "ah',
passel of *tfte estates. ¦ot-^ome Mexican,;
for I finds Across marked' on eachr'har-fv,
ness an'^likewise onboth^wagonsJ 'Mexi^v
cans rl6es thi«ito run'a'bluffonany.evilX
siierit that ¦.d-way-3n'ho ; . com eB^projfectin'";^
•round.-. ; Ho. your American skinner
the Jockey stick, is nervous an* hysterical;
she- never -tries to solve no riddles of ex
istence, herse'f, this. Jane mule don't, but
relies von -.Peter, her mate that a-way, an'
pljtys ..Peter's system blind. . The nigh
.plint^er is a decorous form' of mule with
indiibad habits: while his mate over the
chain is one .of these yere hard, se'fish,
wary parties,- an\ hislittlegame is to get
as/hiueh! of • everything except work an"
ttcublevasthe lay of the kyards permits.
My nigh: swing mule-is a wit, like I. tells
,you the other day. ;Whlch this anamlie
Is^he'-llfe-oirthe. team; 'allers lettin' fly
some 'dry, nualntiobservatlon. This yere
Wag;is?par Tl lc!lar? excellent at a bad ford
or;a J hard crossfnv an", them gay remarks
ones detects Jerry In any look or word of
kindness to Tom. Jerry bites him an'
kicks .him an' cusses him out constant;
he never tol'rates Tom closter than twen
ty foot unless at epocks when he orders
Tom to curry him. Shore, pore Tom sub
mits. On sech o'casions when Jerry issues
summons to go over him, usln' his upper
teeth for a comb an' bresh, Tom Is never
so happy. - Which he digs an" delves at
Jerry's. ribs that a-way like it's a honor.
After a • half-hour, raebby, when Jerry
feels refreshed su'flcient. he w'lrls on pore
Tom an' dismisses him plenty abrupt with
both heels.
" 'I traks up on folks who's jest the
same,' says Dan Boggs one time when I
«n* Jack Coombs throws a rope an' fas
tens at one hundred an' four foot: while
Waco Simpson rides at the herd of csittle
one hundred foot away, ropes, throws an'
ties down a particular steer, frees his
iariat an' Is back with them jedges ag'in
«r. forty-eight seconds. Waco wins the
prize, a Mexican saddle— stamp-leather
;.n' solid sold she Is— worth four hundred
dollars, by them onprecedented alacrities.
"Or, I might impart about a Mexican
fooneral, where the hearse ¦that a"; way
Is a blanket with two , poles, along the
alge, game as one of these yere battle lit
ters: of the awful ¦ songs the mournful
Mexicans sings about the departed; .of
th« candles tiey burns, aw'. the dozens of
Tom and Jerry. This lady plays Jerry*
system plumb through, yet you-all can
see In the lights of that thar soolclde she
loves him a whole lot.*
" 'That's all humbug, Dan,' says En
right; 'this lady you relates about 13 sim
ply locoed that a-way.'
'Why-ever If Bhe'a locoed then." ar
gues Dan, 'don't they hive her a heap In
one of them madhouse camps? She goes
chargin' about as free an' fearless as a
cyclone.'
¦ " 'AH the same,' says Texas Thompson,
her cashln* In don't prove no lovln' motlff.
Mebby she does It so's to chase him up
an contlnyoo onbroken them hectorln's
of her's.. I. could onfold a fact or two
about that wife of mine who cuts out said
divorce from me In Laredo, that would
lead you-all. to conclusions sim'lar. But
she wasn't your wife none, an' I don't
aim to impose my domestic afflictions on
this yere Innocent camp. "Which bein'
troo. I mutely stands my hand.'
"This Jerry's got one weakness; how
syer. I don't never take advantage of It.
He s scared to a f rienzy If you-all pulls
four gun. I reckons he allows, with all
:hem crimes of his'n preyin' on his mind,
that you're out to shoot him up some.
Jerry Is ca'm as long as your gun's In the
belt, deemln It as so much aameanln'
hardware. But the Instant you pulls It
In play, he onbuckles Into plercln'
screams. I reaches for my six-snooter one
evenln' on account of antelopes, an' that's
the time I discovers this yere foible of
Jerry's. I never gets a shot. At the sight
of that Colt's Jerry evolves a howl, an'
them antelopes simply hits two or three
high places an' is miles away. Shore,
they thinks Jerry is some new breed of
demon.
"When I turns to note the cause of Jer
ry's clamors, he's loppln' his fore-laiss
over Tom's back an' Is sobbln* an' shed
din tears Into his mane. Pore Tom sym
pathizes with Jerry an' says all he can to
teach him that the avenger ain't on his
trail. Nothln' can pacify Jerry, however,
except Jammin' that awful gun back into
Its holster. Which I goes over Jerry that
: evenln' patiently exploring* for bullet
marks, but thar ain't none. No one's ever
¦ creased him; an' I flggers. final, by way
. of a s'lution of them fits, -that mightV
likely Jerry's attended some killin' be
¦-tween hoomans, inadvertent, an' has his
: apprehensions tharby set on alge.
; - '"Jerry is so high an' haughty he won't
, come *up for corn in the mornin* onleas I
• petitions him partlc'lar an' calls him by
- uair.e;;. - To jest whoop 'Mules!' he holds
' don't lnclood him. Usual I humors Jerry
•an'. shout3 his title speshul, the others
.-.be" in :Ca*Ted in a bunch. When Jerry
-hears bis;, name, he walks into camp, de
-hb'rate'-an l "dlgnifled, an' kicks every mule
- t £i=R leces Jarna-trlea to shove. In ahead.
- ~"*Orrc*7 feelirt f some malignant myse'f, X
tries^ Jerry's patience out. I don't call
/Jerry.'wslniply, whoops 'Mules' once or
_ twice/anriets it go at that. Jerry, when
tur"tioii<XB I don't call him none, lays his
y'-ears back;- an' although his r'ar ele
'.'vatiDBs^ls .toward me, i can see he's hot
. t?r than a lady losin'. money. The faith
>ful.T0Jp abides with Jerry, though he
v tells him' it 3 feed time, an' that them
i others with a nose bag on each of 'cm
• is already- at their repasts. Jerry only
¦_££U 7ra»tide£ an* lays for Tom an' trl«a
i to bite., him, ,Af ter ten minutes, sullen an'
. sulky,^hunger beats Jerry an' he comes
chargin-lnti/ cramp like a bar'l down hill
ah'-erfses hrs \aina by wallopin' both hind
hoof* Into- them innocent mules, peace
fuUy;.munchiu':.their rations. Also, afttr
Jerry's, let me put the nosebag onto bim,
*he reevarses ? his p'sitlon plenty sudden an'
-lets fly'at me": But nacnerally 1 ain't In
n6' trance, an* Jerry misses. No, I don't
*frale him;-I eaveya it's because he feels
• so lroomiliated, me not callin" him by
?namenhat time.
: -"As a roole, me an* Jerry gets through
' our dooties harmonious. He can pull Ilka
- a_ lion an' never flinches or flickers at a
- pinch. It's shore a vlct'ry jest to witness
the heroic way Jerry goes into the collar
at a ¦ hard steep hill or some swirlin',
rushin' ford. Sech bein' Jerry's work
habits I'm prepared to overlook a heap
of small moral deeticiencies an' never laya
It up agMn Jerry that he's morose an' re
pellant when I flings him any kindnesses..
"But while 1 don't resent 'em none by
voylence, still Jerry has habits ag'inst
which I has to gyard. You-all recalls
how long ago I tells you of Jerry's beln*
a thief. Shore, he can't he'p it; he's a
born kleptomaniac that a-way. Least
wise 'kleptomaniac' Is what Colonel Ster
rett calls it once when he's teflln' me of
a party who's afflicted sim'lar, back In
Texas yonder.
'* 'Otherwise this yere gent's a heap re
spectable,' says the colonel. 'Morally
speakin' thar's plenty who's worse a
whole lot. Of course, seein" he's crowdln'
forty years, he ain't so plumb innocent.
He ain't no debyootanty; still, he ain't
no crime-wrung debauchee. I should say
he grades in between. But deep down in
his system, this yere person's a klepto
maniac. An' at last this weakness gets
its hobbles off an' he turns himse'f loose
an' begins to take things right an' left.
No, he don't get put in Huntsville; they
sees he's locoed an' corrals him in one
of them asylums where thar's nothln"
loose an*- little kickln' 'round, an' thar
fore no temptations.'
"Takin* the word then from Colonel
Sterrett. Jerry Is a kleptomaniac. I used
former to hobble Jerry, but one mornln*
I'm astounded to see what looks like snow
all about my camp. Bein' she's In Joone
v that snow theery don't go. What is it?
Flour: this yere kleptomaniac Jerry has
done crope to the wacons while I sleeps
an 1 gets- away, one after the other with
fifteen fifty-pound sacks of flour. Then
he entertains himse'f an' Tom by p'radin'
about with them sacks in his teeth,
phakin' an* tossln" his head, an' nowder'n*
that 'Pridft.of Denver' all over the plains
.Which Jerry shore frosts the sityooatlon
plenty llb'ral. *
"It's the next night an' I don't hihbte
Jerry: I pegs him out on n lariat. What
do you-all reckon now that miscreant
does? Corrupts pore Tom. who. of
course, is svmpathirin* 'round v all night,
an* makes Tom go to the wagons, ."teal
the flour an' pack It out to h'm where
he's pegged. This scoplne Tom— who.
nacheral. is the soul of integrity that
a-way— abstracts six sacks for Jerry.. an'
it daybreak that wretched Jerry's stand-
In* thar white as frost himse'f. an* flour
r foot deep in a cirkle whereof the ra
r!ius is that lariat. Tom's gazln' on Jerry
like he allows he's shore the greatest
sport on earth.
"Which this last is too much. I ropes
up Jerry fcr punishment. I ropes.
Ihrows an' hawpr-ties Jerry, an* lie's
Icyin* thar on Jjis side. His eye Is ob
uurate. an* thar's neither shame no>* re
pentance in his heart. Tom is sort o*
Bobbin' onder his breath, which Tom
would have swapped places with J#»rry
loo quick, an' I sees he half has It »n his
mind to make the offer only he knows I'll
turn it down.
"The other six mules comes up an*
loafs about attest! f an* respectful. They
(estiflesmy arrangements: besides Jerry
is plenty onpop'lar; with 'em by reason
[•f them heels. I can hear Peter, the lit
tle lead mule.sayin' to Jane, his mate:
"'The boss is goin'-to lam Jerry a
whole lot with a trace chain. Which it's
shore comln' to him.*
"I w'irla the chain on high an* lays it
along Jerry's evil side, kprwh'llup! Every
&ther link bites through the hide, an' the
jhain plows a most excellent an' whole-
WOLLVILLE STORIES:"A11 this time she was waiting for a
chance to appear here on the stage in an
English part. She was alone a good deal of
the time, her husband, the Count Bozenta,
being a great deal in the south on ac
count of his health. So I did a good deal
of the looking around and the business ne
gotiations lor her. No one could speak
English faster than I could when I got
ready. That was in the days when John
McCullough was a theatrical manager.
But then Modjeska was what might be
called totally unknown in the theatrical
world here.
"She was a beautiful creature, with a
grace that I have never seen equaled. I
was a young woman then and I loved the
madame always.
"Then began a struggle, which often
lasted for nights as well as davs with her.
For three months and a half we studied
»nd then she had a chance to use her Eng
lish. When I saw that it was hard for her
to learn the conversational English I pro
posed that she should only learn the Eng
lish of the various parts she was anxious
to play in that language. So we began
with the study of Cleopatra, a part that
«he had never done In Poland or anywhere
else. She spoke, of course. French and
German very well, and once In a while
she would come to an English word hav
lns a. sound something like a word la
either of these languages. Then sho.
would make the Queerest kind of a. hier
oglyphic on the page over this word to
help her remember It. 'She had a wonder
ful . memory and at the end of three and
a half months she had memorized in Eng
lish the parts of Cleopatra, Adrienne Le
couvreur. Juliet and OpStlia.
She speaks of Modjeska. as of a close
and very dear friend, and never tires in
praising her. I asked her. when her
friendship with the actress began.
"Well, the first time I met her, I
think," she said, "'and it has lasted ever
since. Toil knew after the colony down
near Anaheim, which failed to work well
financially, even with fo majiy clever peo
ple and altruistic principles in it, Modjes
ka and her husband came up here in the
spring cf 1S77. a year after their arrivai
In America. They stopped on O'Farrelt
street, a few doors from where I then
lived. J-!y people were from Pomcrania
nnd I felt almost a Pole. Moreover. I had
a great desire to meet the gracious wo
man ¦whom I often saw, and 1 was de
lighted when I had a chance to serve her.
Modjes-ka waF very eager to learn the
English language, and I heard she wanted
i lady to come every day for ?ome hours
and teach and converse with her. As
luck would have It I. met her at her own
house very soon after this and I raaSe
arrangements to become her teacher -in
English. i
*» If ODJESKA will liable to renew
/ \ /I to 1 " old memories and friend-
I y I enl P* <* urln *r this visit to San
V ¦ I Francisco, the city in which she
X. made "her American debut. Per
haps the story of that debut, witb its
attendant struggles, has never been told
In a more Interesting way than as re
counted by Miss Josephine Tucholsky, a
clever woman, who. as instructress In
English to Madame Modjeska. did a great
pervlee to» the American stage. She Is
enthralled In the bonds of loyalty and
8dmiratlon- which the lovely characteris
tics of the great actress seem to entwine
around the hearts of all those who know
her. ;
"I think a great tribute to the lasting
genius and lovely personality of Modjeska
was the ovation tendered to her in Po
land on her last visit there. She was es"
pedally and wonderingly gratified, too at
the progress art had made In her native
country since her days in Warsaw. ) There
are a number of famous people in the ar
tistic and musical world who have a good
deal to thank Modjeska for. She was one
of the principals in a benefit given to
raise money for Paderewski to go to VI- ¦
-
"Since then I have always kept in toucii
with Modjeska. and very pleasant have
been the meetings I have had with h"fcr
when she has been here, i expect to
spend some time with her this summer at
Arden. her beautiful home in Orange
County. To me she is a most remarka
ble woman in other respects outside of
her dramatic genius. She Is both a fino
linguist and a poet. She is regarded In
Poland as an authority on her own lan
guage, so perfectly does she speak it
fehe can translate parts of Shakespeare
into Polish and still keep the meter ¦
She will be on the stage as long as she
is nble I am pure, for life to her -to be
nappy must be busy. If she were not on
the s-tage she would be occupied with
something else, for she has too much cre
ative ability to be idle. She paints and
?hS A«Y ery f ' n n u Fhe alw *ys Paints
the designs for all her costumes. I re
member an incident of her illness a few
years ago that showed the ambition of
her nature. From the nature of her ill:
ness, caused by a clot of blood on the
jugular, her left arm was useless to her
for three months and had to be k»m
pointing upward. With her right hand
she wrote a fairy story in Polish for her
little grandson and illustrated It with
the most exquisite drawings in black and
white. The story, too. if I remembeT had
a queer motive: every one in it was'suD
posed to be the color of their qualities
and the good and bad qualities had sig
nificant colors. ¦ B
"Soon after the termination of the en
gagement at the California Modjesku
made a tour of the State with 'CamilJe'
and 'Delilah* added to her rcpertoin?.
She had also succeeded in mastering in
English by this time part of the tragedv
of Marie Stuart, which, she afterward
made so famous in America, and a»pari
of the lines of Beatrice In 'Much Ado
About Nothing.' Success was the rule
from that on. and after the return from
the tour Sargent, the Eastern theatri
cal manager, who was here tnen, signed
a contract with her and she. soon fol
lowed him to begin a series of appear
ances in the East.
"The next morning at rehearsal, when
John .McCullough went to again congrat
ulate Modjeska, he suddenly burst into
tears. Recovering himself, he exclaimed.
'I bring you the tribute of my tears.'
And that was only one of many tribute*
of the same sort. The newspapers be
came as vociferous in her praise- as they
had before been silent, and the- theater
was packed nightly. McCullough was
given a benefit and played Hamlet. Mod
jeska giving a most wonderful interpreta
tion ot Ophelia in Polish. She had played
this part many times in her own coun
try, and had even spent several months
in a madhouse lo study the various
phases of the 'inmates. - •
"After the play we had a little supper
at the Palace Hotel tor only a ie»v
friends, and among them was a young
man who has since had a large xneasui j
of fame— Henry Sienkiewicz, the novel
ist. By* the way, ho has promised u
write a new play for Moajesha. He was
a member of the colony or' .Polish people
down south and then came up here, trum
where he was writing letters to Pollsn
papers. He was quite a young man then,
but returned to Poland goon at tor
Madame Modjeska went East. .He mar
ried a very rich girl in Poland, and it
was through her encouragement that he
did some of his best literal* .work. She
has since died. Another who&waa espe
cially Invited to the little supper to cele
brate the success of Modjefka's tirsl
American appearance was a. colonel Hm
ton, then editor of the PostT the only
newspaper man who had given-Mpdjeska
any attention or notices before "/he got
her chance to appear. , .
"1 shall never forget that night In Au
gust, 1&77, wnen this talented woman, wiio
had trod the boards in her own eouhtrv
since the age of ]•>. first appeared up._»;i
the American stage. The piay \vii.<
"Adrienne Lecouvreur,* and fcupportii.x
ModjeFka were Tom Koenc as xviauri^i
de Sax« and Harry Kdwards as AIjcuoucO
Uhe house wae not tull, for as business
manager 1 knew that $4ti5 was all we
took in. But to an artistic sense ' thjf
•play's the thing' after all. and on:-: tlmt
night it was a triumph.- • I' think then*
was never anything like it seen in a San
Francisco theater Defore nor since. Peo
ple stood up, they cheered, they cried,
they wanted to stampede upon the stage
and shake the hands of this woman who
had made their emotions the plaything.*
of her genius. On that night I was
hanpy. too, though 1 was prompter, nian
«^r^» and everything elsetnat 1 could be.
Modjeska was hampered in expressing
her thanks, even at this time," for all the
English she knew was the literal word
ing of these few parts. ;
"The next day- we went dov.-n again
and Hill had McCullough there to hear
Modjeska recite on the stage of the the
ater. She had her English ..well . undor
command, with a little foreign accent
that gave it an added charm,' and -.-is
Juliet in the balcony scene.* ¦ which she
first recited, vfhc wafi a vision of. liveli
ness and charm. Then fbllojvcd the tragic
story of Adrienne. if possible rendered
with more power than before. Before t!ie
day .closed she had been engaged for u
two weeks' engagement at the California
Theater. —
"And then standing simply In the mid
dle of the floor. "with no stage effects or
surrounding*, and with one man, th.»
most bored looking stage manager you
ever saw, for an audience, the great Pol
ish actress recited the last. act of 'Adri
enne Lecouvreur' as I have never heard
it before nor since. I read all the other
parts save that of Adrienne, watching the
f&ce of Barton Hill carefully, as the
heart-breaking story was pictured before
us Ihroi'-sh Modjeska's marvelous face
and voice. The change in Hill's face from
an expression of weariness to that nf the
most rapt enjoyment and' wonder was in
itself' a- drama.* When the last anguished
v.-ords of Adrienne were uttered before
death finished her sufferings we were all
in tears. When Hill recovered he warmly
congratulated Modjeska and exclaimed:
'My dear madame. you can play at th->
California at any time and for as long <-s
you want.' • , ¦ . . .-
there." I said. So we got out of the Cali
fornia Theater and Into Pacific Hall we
went. ..» ¦
THE WOMAN WHO GAVE THE GREAT ACTRESS HER
FIRST LESSONS IN ENGLISH HAS AN INTER
ESTING STORY TO TELL '
. "I camps two days where I'm at that
a-way. an' rounds up the region for them
trooant*. I shore rides James to a show
down." That bronco never Is so lon<
fnder the saddle since he's foaled. I don't
reckon he knows" thar'a.so much hard
work in. the world as he does that time
when we goes ransackin' about In quest
of Tom an' Jerry.
"It's no use; the ground is hard an*
dry an' I tan't even cut their trails. That
country's so rollin', too, Its no trouble*
for >m to hide. At last I quits an' throws
my. hand in the diskyard. Tom an' Jerry
is shore departed, an' I'm out two mule-;
1 hooks up the others an" seeln' it's down
hill an' a easy trail I makes Tascosa an'
vefits.
"No. I never crosses up on Tom an*
Jerry In this yere life no more. What
ever Is their fate? It's a month later on
my next trip back. I'm camped. about a
half day's drive of that same locoed plaza
of Trampera3. As I'm settin' in camp
with the sun still plenty high— I'm com
pllln' flapjacks at the time— I see3 eight
or t«-n ravens wheelin an circlln" over a
swell about three miles to the left.
" Tom an' Jerry for a bloo stack!* I says
to ¦myse'f; an' with that I cinches tha
saddle onto James plenty pcecip-tate.
"Shore enough! I'm on the scene of that
tragedy. Half way down a rock slope,
where thar ain t grass enough to cover tha
brown nakedness of the ground, lies the
bones of Tom and Jerry. This yere lat
ter, who's that obstinate an' resentful he
won't go back to camp none, when I
warns him on that gray mare day, allow*
he'll hide off to one side a whole lot an'
worrit me up some. While he's man
ooverin* about he gets that - half-inch
rope he's draggin' tangled good an* fa*t
in a bush. It shorely holds him- - that
bush is old Jerry's last plcket-his last
camp. Which he d a mighty sight better
played his hand out with me. even If t
does ring in a trace-chain on him at need
ed intervals. Jerry je«t nacherally starve
to death for grass an' water. An' what'«
hard to believe that a-*ay. the faithful
lovin Tom. troo to the last, starves with
him. par's water within two miles, but
Tom declines it He stays an' starve
with Jerry, an' the ravens an' the coyotaS
plc^s their bones." coyota.
"Its pure, onadulterated cussedness
that a-way! Jerry, with no hobbles an*
merely draggin' a rope, can lope about a
heap free an' permiscus. Tom, with
nothin' to hamper him but his love for
Jeiry. is even more lightsome an' loose.
That Jerry mule, hatin' me an' allowin"
to make me all the grief he can. simply
leaves the trail some'ers, after I turns
him an' touches him up that time. An'
now Tom an' Jerry is shorely lost a whole
lot.
"When I overtakes old Jerry, I pours
the leather into him speshul. an' the way
him an' his pard Tom go scatterin' for
camp refreshes me a heap. An' yet when
1 rescoos Peter from the demoralizing in
flooenrcs of that gray mare, an' begins to
pick up the other members of the team
on the Journey back. I'm some depressed.
I don't see Tom or Jerry. .Neither is
them mules by the wagons when I ar
rives.
"As I passes tnem pilgrim mules, I
turns them an' lilts about a squar* inch
of hide off each with the blacksnaka whip
I'm carryln' by way of p'intln' ou,t their
errers an'breedln' In 'em a eagarnesa to
get back to the wagons which is .their
destiny. They takes it humble an' dootl
ful.-an' relinquishes all idees of reachin'
that gray mare shrine.
"Which I finds that team strung all
along between my camp an* Trampera3.
Peter,, the little lead mule, bein' plumb
agile an' sharp on hobbles, gets cl'ar thar;
an' I finds him devouring' that goddess
gray mare with his eyes.
"vVnicri a well organized mule team
that .a-way aners carries alone: a. bronco.'
'lms yere steea, saddled an" bridled, trots
through the cay alongside of the off
wnetier, his Dttuie rein caught over tne)
wheeler's name. This bronco is used to
round up tfte Mules in event they strays
or. aecn.iea' to come into camp when
callea. Stch bein' the idee, this yere ca
youse is amis Kept strictiy in camp.
" 'James' is my bronco's name; an' the
eve'nin' followin' the sight of that Tram
peras gray mare. I manes onusual shore
that Jamej stays with me. Xot that gray
mares impresses James, or Is doo to prove
temptations to him; but he might have
other pians an' get strayed a lot prose
cootin' of 'em to a finish. So I ties James
to the trail-wagon, an' followin' bacon,
flapjacks, can tomatters an' seen. th«
same bein' my frugal fare when on tha
trail. I rolls in onder the lead wagon an'
gives myse'f up to sleep.
"Exactly as I surmises, when I turns
out at sun up, thar's never a mule In
sight. Every one of them besotted idola
ters goes poundin' back as well as ever
he can witn his hobbles on. to confess his
sins an' say his pray'rs to that old gray
mare. Even Jerry, whose cynicism should
have saved him. pulls his picket pin an*
takin' Tom along, goes- curvln' off. It
ain't more than minutes when James an'
me is on- their trails.
".We traAeis all cia.y, lollowln' my team
glimpsiu' inat flea-bitten cayouae at
i Je.i.ptras. wut tnem mules can't think
or taut oi nutiun' else. It arouses their
religious . ei.iiiuosiasm to highest pitch;
even tne cyme jerry gets sort o' Keyed
up. over It. .Nacherauy i looks for trouble
i..«tt' tugni; an' panic tar l pegs out Jerry
p.enty ue*p an' strong. The rest is hob
uito all except Tom. Gray mare or not.
1 i* gamble the -outfit, Tom wouldn't
ubanuou Aicrry, let tne indoocement be
tv er; st» aiii.oi in'.
".N'o, this yere gray mare don't Ilk*
mules none; she abhors 'em an' kicks a.n"
a ous.ee 'em whenever they draws near.
.but uiem 1001 muies don'i care; it's ec-
MuSi to ihem tu simpiy Know sne'a llvin',
an inac rnu.e's cup of Joy is runnln' over
vno iiiias unnje'l permiaea to crop grass
wunin loriy iujt ur tins yere olo, gray.
beii-uedecKtd idol of hi?.
"Speakin* gen'ral thar's mebby two
hundred mules in one of these yere gov
'raent pack trains. An' In the lead, fol
lowed, waited on and worshiped by them
mules, is a aged gray mare. She don't
pack nothin' but her virchoo an' a Uttla
bell, which last la hung 'round her neck
a lot. . Of course, this yere old mare with,
nothin' but her feelln' an* that bell to
encumber her goes fa'rly speakin' flyln*
light. But go as fast an' as far as sh»
pieases. them long-y' eared locoed wor
shipers of hers won't never let her out
en tneir raptured sight. Whlcb the last
one of "em, panniers, freight an' all, would
go chargtn' to the topmost pinnacle of the
KocKies if she leads the way.
"But as I su'gests at tha start, tfiar
comes a day when I loses both Tom an*
Jerry, It's about second drink timo on«
'August mornln" an* me an' teem eight
mules gues pirootln' through a little Mail
can plaza called Tramperas on our way
to the Canadian. , Over by a doby stands
a old flea-bitten gray mare; she's shore
hideous.
"Which If mules has one settled sajT
overmasterln' delooslon. It's a gray mare;
tine's the goddess of the mules. This yera
knowledge is common; If you-all Is ever
nut to create a upheaval In the destinies
of a mule, the handiest, quickest lever Is
a old sray mare. The g-ov'ment takes ad
vantage of this yere aberration of tha
mules. Thar's .trains of pack mule3
frel«htln' to/the^ov'mant po3ta In tha
Rockies. They flggers on three hundred
pounds to the mule, an* the freight 1b
packed In panniers. Them eov'ment
freighters not bein' equal to the mangold
mysteries of a diamond hitch, don't ua«
no reg'lar shore-enough pack-saddle, but
take* refooge in their Ignorance in pan
niers. ¦ . ¦
—
tteV cold an 1 indifferent to him that sv
way. -
THE;;SUNDAT CALL.
enna and Stu«y gtt the beginning of his
career. Both J ean^nn Edouard de Re*zke
first appeared at a concert under Mod-
Jeska's auspices. Madame Calve and Jean
de Reszke are the godparents of her little
prandson Charles .' Modjeska - in Chicago.
This little; fellow, six years old. is quite
a musician, . and recently played two
numbers at a piano recital ln>. Chicago,
his name heading the programme. . ;
"Modjeska never studies from a printed
or a typewritten manuscript, but always
writes out her own parts for herself and
to suit herself. She Is ;. artistic to her
very soul, -and particular about her cos
tumes, and she is particularly 'so about
the sleeves., They must be of Just such a
cut and fashion, and she very - often
makes them herself. * She thinks she can
make a better 'sleeve than any one else.
Fabrics under her hands fall Into artistic
draperies., I remember once In her dress
ing room seeing her take yards and yards
of some soft rose pink -gauzy stuff and
Just pin It around and about, the white
satin- she *was ?. wearing as Juliet. ; It
seemed: to' fallas if in a picture, 1 -and as
she came out on the, stage catching a
long floating end that seemed like a rosy
cloud over her head,; one of "the stage
hands standing I by ; said ' to me quickly.
'What picture , does - she remind you of?'
and -I renlied just as quickly, - 'Aurora.'
I have many more memories, and they are
all pleasant ones, of this woman -whose
magnetic personality is one -of her most
compelling charms, ! a ¦ charm so : strong
that every one on the stage with her feels
It, as they «o the loveliness and strength
? f £ h V ftcte £r W , b * }P ne 80 thoroughly
to Madame Modjeska.". >,-% "
Tom and Jerry,
w neeiers. .
Continued from Page Nine.
some furrow. As the chain descends,
pore Tom Jumps an' gives a groan. Tom
feels -a mighty sight worse than his com
vannero. At the .sixth .•wallop. ¦ Tom can't
b'ar no more, but with tears an' protests,
comes an' stands over Jerry;, an' puts it
tip. he'll take the rest himse'f." . This yere
evidence of brotherly love is too much.
an' r for Tom's sake I desists an' >throw.-»
Jerry loose. That old felon— while I sees
he's onforgivin' . an', is a-harborin" of ha
treds ag'in me— don't forget ¦_ the ' trace
chain, an* comports hlmse'f like a law
abldln* mule for months. Which he even
quits bltln' an' kickin* Toma heap, an*
that lovin' beast seems Ilk© he's goin' to
break - his - faithful' heart over • It, 'cause
be regyards it as a sign that Jerry's get-
"But when she knew 'Adrienne Lecou
vreur 1 by heart In English, and also the
balcony scene from 'Romeo and Jul'et ' I
went to see Hill again and asked him if
he would not make an appointment to
hear Modjeska. read in English. He tried
i<. get out of it with excuses, but I flnaJlv
made an appointment for the theater a*t
11 o'clock the next morning. Modjeska
and I were there promptly at the hour
named, but were chagrined to find the
carpenters at work in the theater and
making so much noise as to give Hill a
\ alid excuse for not irlvinj? us his time
and ear. He was ready to declare the
appointment off. but I saw the disap
pointment in the madame's face and so
1 played a trump card. 'What's the mat
ter with Pacific Hall next door? Let's go
"He paid he cou'.d not set Coghlan to
play Hamlet, but McCullough. who was
i-tandirg near, said that some time he
would pjay Hamlet and give Modjeska a
• ¦nance lo play Ophelia. His words were
1'iophetic In the light of subsequent
«.-vents. except that God and the genius
of the actress made her chince then and
over since. Barton Hill could not realize
that Modjeska was fast learning English,
and h» always spoke French to her.
"Well, one night after I had been dis
ciifFing English plays and appearances
with the madame I went to bed 'to sleep,
perchance to dream'; and I did dream
that Modjeska had "her first appearance,
playing Ophelia to the Hamlet of Charle*
CogbiaiC That put an idea in my head
and I posted off to see Barton Hill and
ntk Mm such a combination could
Dot be ma***.
"Though she had been for ten years
leading lady at the Imperial Theater at
Warsaw, selecting her own plays and ap
pearing almost when she chose, it did not
serve her as an introduction here — or at
least not as an introduction of use. The
managers here seemed to regard her as
some titled woman who had taken to the
*ta.ge as a fad. There was one woman
appearing here then with the name of a
KusElan Princess, and she was a fake
and the managers were wary. So, though
Barton Hill and McCullough saw Mod
jeska often, they never took much stock
in her. Th"y were more than polite, of
fered her boxes, etc.. but when it came
10 th<? matter of an appearance or an en
gagement Fhe c-ould never pin thorn down
10 anything. Charles Coghlan was play
ing here at that time, and playing to
empty benches, too, for no one appreci
ated what he really was.* Madame Mod
joska saw him often, perhaps because, as
hhe frequently remarked, he reminded her
<jf her brother.
10
MODJESKAS STRUGGLE TO GET ON THE STAGETHE ',"> SUNDAiVSCAliii;;
11
accepts Miss Anglin now as one of "our
foremost actresses."
Nordica is said to be getting ready for
a big lawsuit against the United "States
Government. She wants four million dol- -
Iars that she claims belong in her pocket
book because she' Is the direct descendant
of one Ichabod Norton, who owned ships
in Revolutionary times that were seized
by French privateers. The Indemnity col
lected for the seizures was cabbaged by
the Government instead of being handed
over to Ichabod's .heirs. Thomas B. Reed
.will be Nordlca'a lawyer-
Frederick ' Warde i3 . producing * a/j;
tragedy by Virna Woods. • a Sacramento
woman. He accepted the play when he
was last here, but the production was long
delay ed.>
Sadie Martinot is talking about starring .
in Germany. She. wants to play Sapho.
John "Drew's daughter, . Louise, has
joined his company.
The Goodwins are returning from Lon- *
don to play in bur' country : again. They
wilt produce a new play in the spring.
from start to finish; a Leslie Carter role.
She ' is said to rise to a higher plane of
emotional ' acting than ' in "Zaza."
The first •', act shows her. a ! milliner.
Cosse-Brisac Is her lover and she plans
happiness with- him. Then the plans are
broken— the proposition comes that she
go/ as a decoy j into ) the" gambling rooms
of La'Gourdon. Here she finally attracts
the fancy of the :King and later on
reaches her famous position of /power, in
his- court. Her : real Jove, her honest love
for Cosse-Brisac is always waging war
with her: life, and in the end she sacri
fices everything to save him. The King
.becomes | antagonized/ denounces her,' and
she is in the end led to death. •
"The tragedy; of .the j thing Is terrible,
hopeless.; Mrs. Carter is said to give It
all the power it calls for.
¦•¦' Margaret " Anglin has ; made, a second
great : hit in - "The .Wilderness.',' '.It is an
English play brought over largely, for. the
sake of y the . talents that', Miss Anglin
showed, in "Mrs. Dane's Defense."." The
play contains strong emotional" work arid
is : iraihted* in' modern colors.'. New York
¦ Just go on; don't mind your pa;. lie' a not a. bit
f«3 •;»pe"rtlenlar.-» .*- > : < 7:j-'->-" s: "-' 1 - ¦¦ '¦
"The house- is insured' ten thousand plunks, (
.And. it's worth atmost Just three,'.. ¦ . • -. , ,
V- So< go on, -my son; and continue the fun, ,. •
• And don't ; mind me. ... i >•;•::. -, ;j
¦ .'Hilda' 'Spang: is ...to. play Esmeralda in, *
new ".melodrama founded upon Victor
¦""HUgO'S" "Hunchback- of -Notre -Dame." *lt
/Is written , by, Paul Jotter.- It wijl be pro
"duced.by.Dan Frohman at his New York
stock theater... „ . . .', .' ." " '--..' "'
.Herbert "Kelcey. and' Effle Shannon are
playing "Her. .Lord and. Master." ' : '
i Gillette's ."Sherlock 'Holmes" Company
has been plaiying in; England, and the"en
tire ¦ company v was \: dined.^on Christmas
day,by 4 .Conan Doyle at his _hbme in'Hind
head. ,/ .';'"_ i/;..vi ¦•:'•¦.'?¦-';•;,"-¦.'•• •-- .' ¦ v '.
-.-Terry '. McGovern ?has a. lurid play, by
the: lurid name of "The Road to" Ruin."
i '.'?¦. Edna -.Wallace Hopper; will retire, froin
•the . "Floradora"., cast. - Her tlmeis' ; nx^d
t for I January .' 25, . . when .the . production
T leaves ; New "S"ork. ;.•'''!; :;';.' ; - " ;
, v ,"D"u 'Barry,".!with *a tremendously; loiig
'.cast reopened .at ; the. Criterion , on* Christ
. mas night' ". Mrs.* .Carter has been getting
\ ready tp play; it [for "so. long 'that every
one .knows what the.gist' of the play '.s.
"¦ It';*isjsaid _to "be ' builded; "in i>.the clever;
c sure ;way _' that /."all., "Belasco's"; plays . : are
'•'..biiilded,'* and* he :is already .being 'accused,
| as before.' of 'drawing upon" his scrapbook
- for - bits.'; It '; Is tremendously'; melodramatic
•and 'intense. -The part of Du' Barry is.
." anese Wife," . VThe" Importance of Being
Earnest," "Squire?: Kate" ¦ -"¦ and. dozens 'of '
'¦[¦ others which have been '¦, played , by" star's \
: and stock companies, most. of- them hav
ing been seen here before.'. • , '¦: . '¦':¦: ¦"': .
: -¦-•¦•.¦¦.¦¦."•: ')¦'¦'¦'-'-.•/¦•'¦'¦• i' •''':'": ::-'-'~- V - '
May Trrvin has returned' to "The. Widow
.-^onej?,'l_hjRr.Qlcl-inas.cflt..^It...was.. ; the-.play.
'in which" she commenced starring.. .
j§ Maude 'A'darns is ¦••'mow thirty years ''"old.-.
; - ' The English ; players are making" tremen
dous preparations {for.; the 'coronation se'a-
, ¦•'•- son. • It will-be '. to a England what : 'a'!pan
• A merlcan\ exposition is to ; us| ;a 'season'
when every one makes an effort- to T)ut-lii3
". best jj foot foremost: There will : be mariy
American dollars translated, into" English
money,; and the playhouses, look forward!
to raking In plenty : of ; these.;: Sir 5Henry
Irving has his plans pretty .well completed.
He, will;produce a' ..revival of ,"Fau5t" at
; the Lyceum.'-/;, . r v "/„ , : '. ¦ "/¦•'¦ -A^i; r. • '¦•.'• •'••;
Frank Daniels, has a successful ..opera
this season entitled "Miss Simplicity." The
hitsong is called »"poh't-Mind-Me!"*and
•¦runs in ; this wise: ' ; '"^ .^ ; - : ' ¦ •¦'. " v"'\ : •
; Some folks get quickly: worried if they get : a
-;¦;.:.< little shock, ¦>; i .' .,/'¦. '. • ¦;-',] >
:', But' I'm amongst i the number that. are,- firm as
• ¦¦.:- J -;:..any'rock.- ¦;:..-.;¦¦ ' •_, , . .-.,..- . ...
.For. instance. . yesterday-, when ;I r got home.Mt
. . struck my gaze: > , ' - 5 .". ','•¦ .¦ ... ':. ... ;,
, My brother Bill . with kerosene ' was setting the
" ~~~ ;''.'« . . iliefrain)-. I said:^
r Don't" mind me. ¦ Don"t mind [iae«Sp
quickly uncovers lair. A low growl comes
frcm tiger.) ,
• . .* .'•- Feed ¦ upon me, starving mother! ' : - '¦ '.
¦;. ¦', I give ir.y flesh and bones' to. thee! ,,•
: (Throws himself into the lair. .There' is
a fierce roar from the hollow and noise
like the crashing plunge of a beastV Hal
ya screams and falls prostrated ; .
Besides whati.tis doing. for local tal
ent, the Alcazar has some new things on
its list as well as the old and tried.
"Nicandria" ' is a weird ¦ and naughty
mystical farce that has never- been • seen ¦
this side of . the pond. London" was"
startled by it. It is the story of > a mis
chief-making lady who is brought • from
Egypt in the , form of a : serpent.^,' The
scientist who brings her warns every, one .
against letting the serpent out from its
box, and every one obeys strictly, until, a'
certain lady lets -fall -her opera >lass;;
breaking the top: of the; bo*. ,,Out comes,
the mischief-making lady, who thereupon •
proceeds to turn things .topsy-turvy in
very much the same way as the magic
power in "A' Midsummer Night's Dream,*' ¦
so "that fairy., queens ; fall ¦ in" love with,
asses and so on through/ the 'dramatis,
personae.v The. play is paid to have every ¦¦
advertising advantage that the risky ele
ment gives. It was sriven to the Alcazar
by David Belasco, who has. the American:
rights, and the- local house will be -the'
firft in America to produce It. • > T-J'.i--y-
"For the White Rose" Is still another
new production, or a«5 good asnew.~ It has';
been tried on one or. two small Eastern;
dogs, but San Francisco will be; the* first,
of the big.cities;to see it.'. It Is an. Irish;
historical drama, historical in the senso!
that all the present day faddish' plays are
—a background of history is painted over'
¦with colors of fiction. -The War of the'
Roses forms the theme of the plot: V' r .
Most of the others on the Alcazar's list
are old plays revived, such as "His ; Jap-
THE Alcazar has always done more
than its share in the line of pat
ronizing home industry and this
season it is getting ready to give a
chance to three local talents.
Clay Greene, Francis Powers and Char
lotte Thompson have all been encouraged
in their time by the little O'Farrell street
house; they have all been given a show^
with the best of them, have had their
I.ilays produced at as much expense and
with as much advertising as if they had
been Henry Arthur Joneses or Pineros. .
£.nd they could not complain that budding
talent was not boomed. It was up to
them to show what they could do and
they have good or otherwise ac
cording to their deserts. Without the lit
tle Alcazar to be a foster-father to their
manuscript offspring they might still be
beprging for a chance at managers' doors.
This season, all in one season, mind you,
we shall have a chance to see the work
of three local writers. If you realize in
any measure what the expense of a pro
duction is, for even one week, you know
that this means a big chance. The man
agement must either draw good houses or
lose hundreds of dollars of hard cash.
Still the Alcazar is going to risk it. It
is going to take another chance en that
brave or foolhardy Francis Powers, which
ever the years shall prove him to be;
the man who made for San Francisco its
greatest dramatic success in that hyp
notic play, the "First Born," and caused
a J.ai-d-vrorldrg iranagerrent twice to lose
tv^rd -earned money in "When Turk Meets
Creek" and "Mother Earth." But Powers
has a certain reputation to back him; it
is still mere guesswrrk to reckon the
probable success of the play by Charles
F. Bryant and Mrs. Lotta Coleman. ' They
are as yet practically untried.
Bryant has every odds in his favor In the
line of practical stage training. He has
been stage manager of the Alcazar for
y«?ars past, and the scrapbooks only know
how many plays he has put through in
that time. The stock company work cov
ers everything from French farce to
Sbakespeare, and by the time a man has
looked after the practical detail of a hun
dred or so out of this infinite variety he
ought to know the technique of the stage.
That, of course, is only one-half of the
tiling, and artistic and commercial/ opin
ions differ 'as to whether it is the bigger
¦ . ' ? - '
or the'smaller half. It is too booh Co" even
guess whether Bryant has originality in
his conceptions, for even the' title of the
play Is unrevealed owing to copyright.pe
culiarities. This much is told— the scene
Is laid in rural New .England, probab'y
among Mary E. Wilkins*. types, and. Mr.
Bryart went East last summer to study
the local color. : . .
Mrs. Coleman is an Eastern woman
now, a Californlan originally, and- on?
whom ¦ Sari Francisco remembers as ? a
writer. Her stories were mostly laid in
early California days, in the northern
part of the State, above the mines, where
primitive pioneer life 1 - flourished./ Mr.
Bryant is already collaborating, with her
on another play, laid among the scenes
and people of her stories. "" • '
As for Powers' new play, it Is as wildly
eccentric as all of them. It is called "The
Enlightenment" and deals, with'. Buddha
and reincarnation. /Like all of his, it must
be' a big success or a' big failure — he Is
never non-committal. .
The play Is founded upon the life of
Gautama Buddha and Is. by. far the most
ambitious thing that Powers has -yet
done. It Is a poetical drama of deep eth
ical purpose. Ahdra of the first act, after
ward Prince Gautama., "resolves never
under any circumstances to take the life
of his fellowman and gradually comes to
the conclusion that to take, the life of
anything is wrong. .An act of mercy to a
savage beast encompasses his death,' but
places him in the next Incarnation con
siderably higher, where he comes to life
aeain as Prince Gautama in act second."
The scene in which, he gives his life for
the starving tigress is the fiercely dram
atic, ending of. the first act. j* The scene
is laid in the mountains. The cry of , a
tiper is heard coming from a , covered
hollow.
. . . AHDRA. , , / .
I know that cry! Brahmanas!,,. •
It comes from a starving tigress
Tod weak to roam abroad for food.
Her savage cubs tugr at her breast.
Drawing the life out of her body.
This etarvinp beast has had nonfood
But bones and bits of flesh I've thrown
, Into her lair. - .
He then appeals to the soldiers for her
life, but in vain. He intimates' that 1 he
•will . give himself to her \ for food. - His
wife, Halya. -implores him : to live, but in
vain. -At last:
No! I will not harm thee, mother beast, '
Or any other thins that lives! ' ?
The law of self I will not follow!
When man ehall love all living things '
The law of justice will be known.."
(Throwing weapon ¦ to the ground," ho
MUSIC AND THE DRAMAMr. Mitchell, who has been the editor of
'/Life" for so many, years, could easily at
tain' a dace as an author if all his era.'
Amos Judd.
"King Lear" is the third volume in the
new .."Dowden ; Edition of Shakespeare,"
issued by, the Bowen-Mcrrill Company in
i America and by - Methuen & Co. in Eng
land. Under, the direct supervision of Ed
¦ ward. Dowden, who is one of the greatest
of the Shakespearean editors, W; J. Craig
has edited and annotated this play. As in
preceding volumes, . "Hamlet" . and
"Romeo t and ; Juliet.V the: text. Is perfect
and the letter-press clear and large. All
annotations i are ; made at the bottom of
the page."- being at once accessible , to the
student,^ and inno wise interfering with
tho reading of the ; lines. "King ¦ Lear" . 13
¦ bound in red » cloth and gold, uniform in
every respect with the other volumes of
; this edition. ,V yt:--.;
The Dowden Shakespeare.
trials of life is "Thoughts for Every-day
Living." It Is a collection of passages
taken from sermons of the late Dr. Malt
bie D. Babcock of | New York. . Dr. Bab
cock left no written records of his ser
mons, but after his death there were-col
lected from notes.taken by of
his congregation -when the sermons were
delivered ' and from articles which Dr.
Babcock contributed to religious ' period
icals the sayings, preserved now in: per-.
manent form. The different subjects of
the passages are those which have to do
the active life' of the Christian.'
Through the selections there breathes 'a,
noble, kind, wise, • loving and eminently
practical Christian spirit— in short, one
which would naturally animate a teacher
capable . of offering instruction which. ¦ as
the title of the book implies, is applicable
to, the problems. which confront the man
or; woman of affairs /who is v trying to
make a v life in the world conform to. a
standard of ideal morality. " The follow
ing: selections will show something of Dr.
Babcock's manner of conveying the truths
.which he tried to teach: .^
"Spirituality is "best "manifested on the
ground, not in the air. Rapturous ' day
dreams, flights of heavenly fancy, long
ings to see the Invisible,' are less expen
sive and less expressive than the plain
doing of duty. To have bread - excite
thankfulness and a; drink • of water send
the heart to God is better than sighs' for
the unattainable. To plow a straight fur
row, on Monday, or dust a room well on
Tuesday, or kiss a bumped, forehead ton
Wednesday is worth more than the most
ecstatic thrill under Sunday : eloquence.
Spirituality is s&slus God in common
v i . .. ¦ !7\
ceases when Its warning has stirred the
soul to thought and remedy .'and '.brought
back health, or it ceases when. the battle
is lost. Like a ¦fire.bell,'. it. stops when the
fire Is put out or burned out. Let us not
resent it. It has. a kind heart/ though its
hands hurt. An engineer does . not like to
see a red flag, and yet he Is only too glad
to see it. That we may know;*. the truth,
and sor be made free from Ignorance and
peril, is part of the mission of pain." •
"The kindliness of his manner and the
forcetulness of his remarks were a pow
erful stimulant to me, and 1 felt fully
half, a foot taller and more of a man In
every way. As I was deciding that I
would follow, his advice and try to. beat"
even the great Rudyard Kipling he con
tinued, 'No, I'm no good for you; but put
your address on this, card and I'll speak
to a few fellows I: know who might be
able to use you and. then let you know.'
Then he gave me a hearty grasp of the
hand, said 'Good .^luclf'- to you,'"and'I
walked back to my lodging house as. rich
In . optimism :. and - determination as any
South African millionaire who has ever
passed out of* the -Mount "Nelson '¦Hotel in
the good old days before the war." '•
Through- the kindness - of. Kipling the
young American was placed r - on the field
staff of the London Times until' C. Arthur
Pearson engaged him as manager for the
London Daily Express in South Africa
and sent hirfl secretly to the Boer side.
".'That's just where- you make. , a;,mis
take,' he snapped out energetically; 'you
should think yourself every bit as good
as I and make It your object to beat me
at my own game. You are a newspaper
man, and out here to write what you see,
and that is all I'm doing.. Keep yourself
thinking that you can do better than I
can, and don't let yourself think anything
else, and perhaps then you will be able. to
do so.' Then, after a pause for breath,
he added, with a twinkle in his eye, 'But
I've got a pretty good start on you, and
don't intend to let you or any one else
catch up with me if I can help it.',; . !
"'But, Mr. , Kipling, I hope you don't
think for a moment that I am so foolish
as to think myself in the same class with
you?'\ . , .. W
.".'You see,' he added, by way of ex
planation, '1 could never have a man in
the came line as myself with me. You
would be. using my material, and if you
wouldn't, you .should— I would in your
place; : in fact, I'd do anything to secure
a beat on anybody else.' I heard him out
patiently and then said: '
"'Oh, I guess if you've been over the
Chilkpot you have all the necessary quali
fications.' . ' • " t
•"My hopes by this time had reached the
boiling point, and just as I expected him
to say, 'All right, I'll take you with me,"
he said; the other thing.
'poison him with my cooking?' And then,
when I told him that I was an old Klon
dlker, Jie chopped his questions abruptly
off with: ,
" 'I like your nerve; but why. don't you
sink your nationality and join one of our
corps of rough riders or scouts? There
you'll get the real thing.' -,
"I replied that this would prevent my
having the necessary 'freedom of move
ment, and then " suggested that he. take
me with him as his. secretary, servant,
driver or in any capacity, he could use
me. Mr. Kipling hesitated a' moment,'
and, then put me through the most -ex
haustive examination I have .. ever, had;
Could I cook, pack a horse, ride and
drive, put up a tent, beg, borrow or. steal
forage, tell the truth or lie if necessary,
mind my own business and never see or
hear things not to be seen or heard; was
I 'discreet,' and was I sure I would not
"I. briefly told hitn of my aspirations to
be a 'youngeter jerked on at the end of a
telegraph wire*; and. how, now, that I had
failed, I was ready to attempt rhy last al
ternative of getting captured by the Boers
on my return to Sterkstrom, .and try my
luck as a soldier of fortune in their army.
Mr. Kipling appeared much Interested and
said:
" 'Well, what are you doing out here?'
"I knew Mr. Kipling was staying, there,
and the Impulse came over me to call on
him. I sent in my card, and a few minutes
later found the greatest little, man- of -all
England looking .pleasantly, at me with
extended hand, saying: : ;
"I had less than thirty shillings left,, all
my resources were exhausted, the time
had passed for a reply from America, and
I realized that I could expect nothing
from • that source— In short, j I was 'up
against if and I knew it. The" band was
to play in the Municipal' Gardens' that
evening and I walked up the long avenue
until I found myself at the Mount Nelson
Hotel: : ; ; -• ;¦'
slenderest possible connection with •
the press, inspired by an account in one
of Kipling's books of "a youngster jerked
on at the end of a wire," and how he thus
became a successful correspondent. ""After
numerous vicissitudes Mr. Unger acciden
tally ran across Mr, Kipling and sought
an interview with him, of which he gives
the following account in his book, "With
'Bobs' and Kruger." which has just been
published by Henry T. Coates & Coi,
Philadelphia. Price $2..
FREDWKIC ,W. UNGEH Is a >oung
man w-ho went out, to South Africa
to be a war correspondent, upon. the
Somebody wrote "to Robert "W. Cham
bers, author of "Cardigan," suggesting
that -possibly Mr. Chambers had painted
in too dark. colors the character of Wal
ter: Butler, who, as every one "knows, is
an historical figure ¦ picturesquely intro
duced Into "Cardigan." The author
claims, on the contrary* that his picture
severe eaourt.-«nd
• "Let a child have its will and it will not
cry ."but its parents wilL— L. de^V. Mat
thewman, in the January Era.
"In matters of taste there can be no
dispute," for every man Is so firmly con
vinced that there la no standard by which
his taste can be measured.
"Whate'er Is best administered is best"
for the" one who administers.
, "Ignorance is the mother of Impu
dence;" no father Is named.
"A roan who! will not flee will make his
foes ilee," but what if his foes be made
of the same metal?
"Every man for himself and the (devil
take the hindmost" is the cry of those
who are well in front.
"A wise man is moved from his course
neither by force nor entreaty," but the
same often applies to a mule.
"Possession is nine points of the law."
and frequently all the profits.
"It Is hard to pay for bread that has
been eaten." but not so hard as to get
bread to eat that has not been paid for.
"Only that which Is honestly got Is
gain"— the rest Is velvet.
"Labor overcometh all . things," even
the laborer^. . '
"Employment brings enjoyment," when
It brings the means to enjoy.
"Before you run in double harness, look
well, to the other horse," but see to it
that .: the other . horse doesn't have a
chance to look well to you.
"Pity Is akin to love,'.' but kinship does
not always signify friendship.
The publishers of "The Right of "Way"
have received many letters inquiring why
Mr. Parker did not call his novel "Beauty
Steele." or, by some title other than the
one he eventually decided upon. ;In read
ing the book, one wonders for many pages
about the why and wherefore of the title,
but isn't this an additional charm of the^
story, this , threatening of the problem,
this questioning of the significance of a
poignantly beautiful love story? Even
tually, the reader reaches .this meaning-,
and on page 312, as the drama draws near
its close, occurs in these brief words the
only mention of the title: "Kathleen has
the right of way, not Rosalie"— Kathreen.
the former wife, not Rosalie, the -loving
and the beloved of the anguish-stricken
"Beauty Steele." #
"Eadie's Biblical . Cyclopaedia," which
has just been published by J. B. Llppin
cott Company, is the twenty-seventh edi
tion of that work. It is presented after
thorough revision " by Professor W. M.
Ramsay, D. C. L.; the Rev. Vernon Bart
let of Oxford, Theophilus Pinches of the
British Museum and the Rev. Henry A.
Redpath, M. 'A. | Special articles on the
Septuagint, the Apocryphal books, the
Hebrews, Hittites, Egypt, and the division
of the nations, together with a rewriting
of the portions of the book dealing with
natural history, are special features of
the edition. New plates, prepared from
photographs and -engravings, and new
type are also mentioned among the
means employed to improve the work.
President Roosevelt's "Strenuous Life"
has been reprinted four times since its
autnor succeeded to the Presidency. The
latest edition contains six addresses de
livered since the material for the first edi
tion was collected In 1900. The character
and importance of the new matter are
indicated by the titles: "The Two Ameri
cas," "Manhood and Statehood," 'Broth
erhood and the Heroic Virtues," "Na
tional Duties," "The Labor Question" and
"Christian Citizenship."
The first of the New Year's* publications
coming from the Bowen-Merrill Company
is Charles E. Russell's beautiful volume of
poetry. "Such Stuff as breams." These
graceful arid tuneful poems will be widely
welcomed by Mr. Russell's many admir
ers. He has long been a contributor of
verse to the magazines and daily papers;
and his poems are' watched for with ea
gerness by discerning readers.
Messrs. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. an
nounce that they have in press for imme
diate publication a new novel by Lucy
Cleaver McElroy, author of "Juletty."
The title of the new novel is "The Silent
Pioneer," and has for its setting old Ken
tucky in the time of Daniel Boone. The
manuscript for this J new novel was com
pleted shortly before the death of Mrs.
McElroy, which occurred on December 1&.
Literary Notes. •
Book News for January announces a
•new department that will hereafter ap
pear under the heading "Book News Biog
raphies." The purpose of this department
is to furnish, each month brief, interesting
sketches of recent writers. George Gibbs
is the subject of the monthly portrait
and biography, and the customary depart
ments are well represented.
"Pride of Race," by B. L. Farjeon, is a
lengthy story of the struggles of anEng
:Hsh Jew, Moses Mendoza, to gain for his
dearly beloved son the social recognition
which the father feels his son'a talents
demand. The sacrifices which Mendoza
makes to give hi3 son the best educational
advantuges are all very noble, very pa
thetic. For many years Mendoza is very
poor, but eventually the tide of his for
tunes turns and brings him great wealth.
After Mendoza has become one of tho
great financiers of London he arranges a
marriage between his son and the daugh
ter of an Earl. At first the young wile
has only dislike for her husband and con
tempt for her father-in-law.' But the good
qualities which both men possess in the
end win over Lady Julia and she discovers
that pride of race, cannot endure when
measured against moral worth so great
that it wins from every one a sincere re
spect. (Published by George W. Jacob3
& Co.. Philadelphia. Price ?1.)
The Pride of Race.
The Author of "With 'Bobs' and Kruger".
.;; An: objection ,may be made to" taking
seriously stories of this class, in which
the : characters are animals endowed with
the well-deflned emotions and passions of
mankind,, oh -thc^ : ground; that the. mental
power of animals as &hown by their ac
tions Is not as greatly developed as Aesop.
Kipling and others might .wish us to imag
ine. But the objection vanishes if we con
sider'these mythical beings simply alle
gorical "characters who tell some very
pretty tales and who- help to increase our
knowledge of the motives underlying the
conduct of ' men . if not that of animals.
(Published by Charles Scribner's Sons,
New York. Price $1 25.)
i THE 'MORNING STAIt.
. ,1 thrill with joy to view afar
The pale, resplendent morning star.
Radiant within the pale-gray skies ¦
H'-'fore the burning sun arise,
' As. each wan flower Is glistening.
As early. birds begin to sing. •
It seems some vestal pure -and fair ¦
• - 'Within God's vast cathedral there.
It is the. star In all the host
• : • .- Of atars that I still love,the most;
' ' V; The star of hope, the star of love, \
Who In those regions pure above j ' •
'V. '-. Seems. iiTjU' passionless repose
Like to' a white and virgin rO se
Placed by a seraph on that shrine
Whose holy Incense blends with mine.
., LULLABY SONG. .
In the fields of heaven are all Ins sheep: ¦
Lo, the pale shepherdess them attending!
God hath given 'her them- to keep,
I All her. grace Is his' befriending.
t she knoweth what thay are,
• -, 1 . !"Well she knoweth— each a star —
Slowly "from the azured steep", -
' Slowly, slowly,' Is she descending.
Why do you weep, my little one, why do you
weep? -^
Sleep'. Sleep!
In the fields of heaven 'tis time to reap: •
See, where {he rearer Is onward wending.
The winds of heaven before him creep.
And the golden poppies are lowly bending. ;
Well he knoweth, near or far, iC
Where the blissful harvests are;
;For God has called to hip put of the deep,
It, is his messenger he is sending.
Why do you weep, my little one," why do you
weep? . . . %
¦ •:• - .' . Sleep! Sieep!~
(Published by Elder' & Shephard, San Fran
. Cisco. Price, ; %\.)
-'¦ Ttye Outcasts.
i -A doj? and a bison are the heroes of
"The Outcasts," by XV. A. Fraser. The
. former/ A'tim, who claims -to be a dos.
¦ but who is. in truth, half dog and half'
.wolf. Is hated and shunned bjr,both sides
of his family on account of his mixed
breed.. One day, as he is roaming; about
alone on the prairie, he comes across the
other outcast. Shag,' who because of his,
J advanced age has been driven from his
position of Reader of the herd. ThS two
animals join, forces and set out to seek'
their fortune in the northern land, of
whose glories A' tim sings praises to Shag;
They" have many adventures on the way
thither, In some, of which Shag shows
great, kindness to A'tim. The two ani
mals arrive at their destination -only to
find. that while 1 there is for Shag feed in
plenty there is nothing whatever which
A'tlm can' eat. Then "the treacherous
wolf natureof A'tim asserts itself and in
cites him to make several attempts upon
the life at Shag in order that he may'
feast upon^the body of his comrade. But
. "A'tlm merely brings "about his own de
feat and a separation from Shag, who has
become once again, and this time in a.
: land of peace and plenty, leader of a herd
, of bison. v . i '• ./'.
One crown less from the world around us, '
One wreath less worn on the pale, sad brow ;
, O love, we have'v found love ! Had love not
found us, '
What were the -worth of the world to us —
. •¦ now?
, Could I deem it ideal, or glorify it
With Eong, devoted to song for love's cake?
The lark rings sweetest to heaven when
nigh it; - * ; . ¦- '
Could it sing to the earth and its heart not
\ break?
So I sang to heaven, for heaven was thes,
love; •
¦What garlands of flowers my wings could
1 bind? , , .
I y»arned for the dawn, and my pinions were
. - free, love, -' ' . ¦ *
Soared heavenward, leaving the earth behind.
-"¦,.. ; - - . ~ ' - ~ ¦ ¦ ¦ »^
And having soared with thy soul bes'.de me.
And having sung with, thy. soul to mine.
The crown of fame which the world denied me
, Is replaced, by 'the crown oC thy love divlna.
Ono crown less won from the earth around us;
Alas! for such crowns as the world can give.
O love, we have found love! Had love not
found ub,
"What were the worth of the life that we live?
LOVE'S CROWN.
j A charming volume of verse entitled "In '
the. Realms of Gold" contains the results'
of the Jiterary work of Lorenzo Sosso
since the publication, of "Poems of Hu
manity"^ In 1S91. These latest poems of
Mr. Sosso are short, the longest extending
not more than. a few pages, und for the
most part they, are written on the simple
themes which . are . concerned with_ .tho
everyday life of nan. But it Is in this;
simplicity that much of their charm lies.
As a result of It they show none, of the
labored effort ; which plays such a larcre
part in the production of the many books;
of verse which are, by the quality of their
contents, destined to a very brief fame.
This work of Mr., Sosso show3 a fresh,
natural \spontaneity of expression/ added
to, a 'grace, of diction and a fineness of.
thought '-which .cannot - be absent from
verso if it is to attahv the rank of true,
poetry. The following poems will givf a'
fair Idea of the quality of Mr. .Sosso's
wcrk: : . / -. • / . ' .
In the Realm, of Gold.
"TVe now come to the regency of the
Queen, where we shall see, as in a pic
lure, the various revolutions of fortune;,
of what nature Is that climate called the*
•court; Its corruption, and how fortunate
should they estime themselves who are
not fated to live fhcre. The air Is never
sweet cr serene for any one. Even those
who apparently in perfect prosperity are
adored as seds are the ones most threat
sned by tempests. The Jhunder growls
incessantly for great ar.d small and those
whom, their compatriots regard with envy
know no calm. It is a windy, gloomy re
gion, filled -with perpetual storms. Men
live thcro Httlo and during' the time that
fortune Ucc^.t them there they are always
ill of that cents pious malady, ambition,
which Lill3 their peace, gnaws their
heart, rcr.us fumes to their head and
Mme. do Motteville at times appears
1o be something of a philosopher. Scat
tered among the historical notes are her
reflections upon the careers of the people
of whom she writes, or upon the events
In which they play a part. Accustomed
to the dazzling brilliancy of a court re
nowned for the perfection of its graced,
Mme. de Motteville, thanks to the stabil
ity of her character, was unaffected by
the glitter which surrounded her to such
an extent that, while she was able to ap
preciate its beauty she could see
beneath its artificiality the play of natural
emotions. It is the combination of good
sense and wit displayed ¦ by Mme. de
Motteville in writing her memoirs which
makes them afford more entertainment
than can be derived from a reading of
the bare facts of history. Apropos of
these remarks may be quoted the passage
which owns the account of the regency
of Anne, in which Mme. de Motteville.
after a long experience of the good and
the .evil of court life, sums up her esti
mate of its worth.
"She seemed to me as beautiful as any
of those who formed her circle. Her fea
tures were not delicate, having even the
defect of too thick a nose, and she wore,
in Spanish fashion, too much rouge; but
phe was fair, and never was there a finer
Fk'n than hers. Her eyes were perfectly
beautiful: gentleness and majesty united
in them: iheir color, mingled with green,
made her glance the mere vivid and full
of all the charms that nature gave them.
Her mouth was small and rosy, the smile
admirable and the Up* had only enough
pf the Austrian family to make them
more beautiful than many that claimed
to be more perfect. The shape of her
fae? war handsome and the forehead well
made. Her hands and arms were of sur
r.p.rsiris' beauty, and all Europe has heard
their praises; their whiteness, without
oxagceration. equaled that of snow; poets
could not pay enough when they wished
to laud them. Her bust was very fine,
n-ithout being perfect. She was tall, and
her bcarinp lofty but not haughty. She
had great charms in the expression of her
face, and her beauty imprinted in the
hearts of thote who saw her a tenderness
which did not lack the accompaniment of
veneration and respect. Besides these per
fections she had the piety of her mother.
Queen Marguerite of Austria, dead, in the
odor of sanctity, who. having had the
care of her daughter's education, had im
printed in her heart the sentiments which
filled her own. This it was that produced
in her thr.t great inclination to virtue
¦which drew to her the grace that God
gave her throughout her life to prefer it
to all things else."
Mme. de Motteville discusses but briefly
the reign of Louis XIII and the ministry
cf Richelieu. The memoirs are given up
principally to a description of the re
gency of Anne, the career of Mazarin and
the first years of the reign of Louis XIV.
Still, within the compass of a few chap
ters. Mme. de Motteville gives an excellent
account, though one necessarily con
densed, of the condition of France on the
death of Henry IV, of the reign of Loui3
XIII and of the most important people at
court. Anne of Austria she describes a3
fellows:
Mme. de Motteville was in a position to
speak •with an intimate knowledge of
much which she described. She was lady-
In-waltlng to Anne of Austria and was
the intimate friend and confidante of her
royal mistress. She was a woman of ad
mirable tact and discretion. So great was
her reputation for an ability' to keep se
cret the confidences reposed In her and
for sense and good judgment that the ac
counts of many of the events of whicn
ehe writes were discussed with her by tho
chief actors. Her memoirs are valuable
chiefly as a supplement to the history of
her time. Mme. de Motteville had that
liking for the discussion cf personalities
which seems so trivial when it concern*
itself with people of one's own time,' and
yet which becomes dignified by distance
into eomcthlng of real value to the stu
dent of history, giving him. as it docs, an
intimate knowledge of the makers of his
tory which is not to be gained from h
formal chronicle of events.
THE memoirs of Madame de Motte
ville on Anne of Austria and Her
Court" are issued in a fine edition
of three volumes by Hardy. Pratt
& Co. These memoirs contain a his
tory of Frame and of. French court life
from the death of Henry IV in 1610 to the
oeath of Anne in 1666. This long period,
comprising: as it does the reign of Louis
XIII and part of that of Louis XIV, with
ihe careers of Richelieu and of Mazarin,
ie particularly full of Interest to the stu
dent of French history. The account of
in!* lime given by Mme. de Motteville m
rarefully minute and exact. She herseJf
fays cf the accuracy of her observations
on contemporary life and manners: "I
usually write only of what I know my
self or from tho?e who have been either
nctors or confidants." As a consequence
the pictures which she draws of peop'e
and events are Interesting, as well for the
fidelity cf their reproduction as for their
Intrinsic interest. v
ductlons could equal his charming story,
"Amos Judd." The book came out a fow
years ago and although its first uypear
ance was a most modest, edition, it wa3
received with great enthusiasm und won
it3 way among the books one wishes to
keep and enjoy. The story i:; a unique
one, involving they question of environ
ment and heredity. The hero, Ames Judd.
is an East Indian Prince, who: is spirited
away from his people in the midst of nn
uprising,' taken to America and brought
up on a New England farm.
To give the story in detail would de
stroy the charm for many, and it is a
book that all should enjoy. A spirit of
melancholy pervades it throughout, but
the charm is irresistible and the whole
tale thoroughly unique and delightful.
Those who have read it will enjoy, again
this latest edition, which is very ¦ tittrilc
tive, and those who do not yet know it
have a rare treat in store for them. .(.Pub
lished by Charlas Scribner's Sons, New
York. Price $1 50.)
All through the memoirs Mme. de
Motteville sings the praises of Anne of
Austria, and yet praises not unqualified.
If this Queen does not appear in histories
as great and as good as her lady-ln-wait
ing .would have us believe, there may be
reason for concluding that while, on the
one hand a long intimacy with the Queen
may have prejudiced Mme. de Motteville
in her /avor, yet pn the other the harsher
estimate of history may be as unfair in
its way. It is scarcely probable that of a
woman without great worth Louis XIV
would have said, as he did of Anne of
Austria, "The Queen, my mother, was
not only a great Queen; she deserves to
be put In the ranks of the greatest
Kings.
Of Anne, Mme. de Motteville says in
conclusion: ' - -^
"Tho King, as soon as he saw his Min
ister approaching his end, showed that In
the future he meant to govern his king
dom. He said that he did not approve of
the life of -a do-nothing King, who let
himself be led by the nose. He added that
he saw plainly that people might re
proach him for having done what he
blamed; but that his past conduct must
be attributed to the esteem he had had
for the Cardinal on account of his ability,
and to the habit of submission and de
pendence to which his childhood had ac
customed him. The, Queen, his mother,
who had felt the burden of the yoke
which she had Imposed upon herself, was
resolved in the future to submit to no
other power than that of the King, her
son; she was therefore most desirous that
he should work himself, and for himself.
She was not ambitious, but she was' a
sufficiently good mother to wish to help
him in every way she could."
• The remainder of the memoirs contains
an account of the plans for the marriage
of the young King, the death of Mazarin,
the establishment of absolute power in
the hands of the King and the death of
Anne. Immediately after the "death of
Mazarin, Louis XIV assumed the author
ity which had for so many years been
given over to the two Illustrious Ministers
of slate. ' Mme. de Motteville has this to
eay of the sentiments of Louis in regard
to the rights of Kings:
"The "English court spent some time at
St. Germain, where it was little frequent
ed by our Frenchmen. Scarcely any one
visited either the Queen of England or
the King, her son. Certain great English
lords had followed the fortunes of their
King, and these composed his court. Their
solitude is not surprising; ill fortune was
its cause; they had no favors to bestow.
Theirs were crowns without power, which
gave them no means of elevating men or
of doing them benefits. They had follow
ers enough v/hen wealth, grandeur and
dignities were theirs, for those brought a
crowd around their persons. The unhap
py Queen had formerly had joys and
treasures in abundance, for I have heard
Madame de ChevreUse and many others
who saw her In her days of splendor say
that the court of France had nothing like
th«* beauty of hers. But her joy was now
a subject of despair: her past riches mads
her feel the more her present poverty."
This same fickleness showed itself ami!
different conditions and among a different
class of society. The widowed Queen of
Charles I of England and her son, the fu
ture Charles II, had taken refuge in Pari3
after the execution of the King. Mme. de
Motteville has this to say of their condi
tion there:
"When the King and Queen arrived the
crowd parted the gendarmes, tho cavalry
escort and the whole suite from the royal
carriage, blessing the King and Queen and
speaking to the advantage of Mazarin.
Some said he was handsome, others held
out their hands to him and assured him
that they liked him very much; others de
clared thaf they would go and drink his
health."
During a lull In the war of the Fronde
there occurred an incident which illus
trates well the' fickleness of the populace.
The Queen and her Minister had decided
to brave danger' 1 and enter Paris, the
stronghold of the Frondeurs. It was at a
time when the unpopularity of 'Mazarin
was at its height. "The Queen arrived in
Paris with the King on the ISth of.Aug
ust. We now wondered at a marvel which
was scarcely believable in view of what
had passed. The King and the Queen
were received with acclamations and with
the customary shouts of joy practiced by
the populace on such occasions. • * *
Tho entrance of the King on that day wa»
a veritable wonder find a great victory
for the Minister. Never did so great a.
crowd follow the King's carriage; and s t
seemed amid that public gayety as' If tho
past were a dream. The hated Mazarin
sat in the royal carriage beside the Prince
of Conde, attentively looked at by the
people, who said to one another, iis if thcy
had never before seen him: 'That is Maza
rin.' Some, observing a carriage with the
sides carefully closed, cried out that he
was within it and Insisted, on eesins him;
but this was more in jest than malice*
"Cardinal Mazarin did v%-ith intuits what
Mithridates did with poisons— which, in
stead of killing him, came at last through
constant use to nourish h!m. They served
him to acquire with the Queen the mem
of suffering for her sake and of being th3
victim of the unjusr .passions of^ the
Kiqg's subjects."
often deprives them of reason. This dis- •
ease gives them a continual disgust for
better things. They are ignorant of the
value of equity. Justice," kindliness. The
sweetness of life, of innocent pleasures,
of all that\hc sages of antiquity counted
as good, seems to them ridiculous. They
are incapable of knowing virtue and fol
lowing its precepts, unless chance may
happen to remove. them from this region.
Then, If they can by absence be cured of
their, malady, they become wise, they .be
come* enlightened, and no man can be
come so good a Christian or so tritfy a
philosopher as a disillusioned courtier."
The memoirs contain a full account of
the rebellion of the Fronde, in which
some of the leading nobles united in an
endeavor to regain the political power
which had been wrested from them by
Richelieu and Mazarin. The stanch sup
port riven at first to the cause of the
King by the Prince de Conde. his gradual
disaffection and his ultimate withdrawal
1o the party of the Prince of Cor.ti and
Cardinal de Retz. is described with a min
m<:ness commensurate with the import
ance which the treason of a Prince of the
blood would naturally wsume in the eyes
of one who believed in the divine rijjht
of kings. Mme. de Molteville had r.o" per
sonal reason to like Mazarin, yet, either
from her loyalty to Anne, or from tha
instinctive dislike of a French noble for
a party which could ally itself with tha
canaille against the sovereign, her rym
pathies show very strongly for the side
of the King. Still, her descriptions of th«
leaders of the court party and of-, the
pilncipal Frondeurs is on the whole fair
and unbiased. Mme. de Motteville cou'd
see clearly that there was much
that wa/s admirable in the conduct,
of Conde, and that the cause of the court
party was not without ita weakness. A
remark which .she makes about Mazarn
hints at her attitude toward him and in
cidentally shows something of her tren
chant wit. Mazarin was at the time de
scribed the- subject of the most- bitter
e?-.tcrations on the part of the Frondeurs.
Mme de Mottevitle says:
"She made no paradeof her noble qual-.
itles; she rarely spoke of herself or her ;
feelings; "they had to be drawn' from her i
heart or her soul by the T force of action 1
which sometimes obliged her to speak out
Her humility has been thV reason why the |
excellence of her mind and the soundness \
of her judgment have-not had allthe.;
fame nor all the esteem which she ought
to have received from the public. If she
had taken more pains to let' their great
ness be seen she ; would have won. more
praises during her life; but we may quote
with truth of her this verse of Psalm
xlv, which served as a text to one of the
finest of the funeral orations . that were
made upon her after her death:
"Omnis gloria eius filiae regls ab intus."
Thoughts for Every-Day Living.
A book which many will find a source
of comfort and encouragement in the
"Death Is a great preacher of deathless
ness. The protest- of- the soul against
death, its reversion, its • revulsion, is ¦ a
high instinct; of life.". '.'¦>'-- ¦/ .'
"As far as this* goes, jj he has .the least
assurance of immortality who can be best
satisfied ? with eating; and drinking and
'things!; he has the surest hope of on
goings and far, distances who does not
live by bread alone," whose eye is, looking
over the shoulder of things, whose, ear
hears mighty waters roiling ; evermore,
who. has 'hopes naught can satisfy be-;
low.' The limits of which death makes
us aware, make us aware of life's Hmit
lessness. • The wing whose stretch touches
the bars of its cage knows it was meant
for an 'ampler ether and diviner air.' '\
'•.'¦'' ¦••'..•• • ' *;i '¦¦¦'¦
"Pain is a friend rather than a foe. It
stands between extremes ' of life - and
death, calling us ever toward life. ; It
"Prayer is a breath of fresh air;. much
else,; of course, but certainly, this. ; It is
inspiration on a hilltop for new toiling on
the plain." (Published by Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York. Price 31.)
"You are not responsible for^he dispo
sition you', were borrv with, but you, are
responsible for the one you die with."
things and showing God in common
tasks.", :
The International Monthly begins th«
new year with a number of strong and
attractive articles, all for the most part
devoted to the larger themes and inter
ests. Associate Justice Brewer of the Su
preme Court in an admirable study of the
"Jury" pronounces unequivocally in favor
of retaining the system, especially be
cause It secures the direct co-operation of
the people in the administration of jus
tice, but he condemns without any re
serve those features of its present work
ings which have done bo much to destroy
public confidence in its efficiency. Tha
seat of the evil, he finds, above all else.
Is the rule requiring unanimity, which,
indeed, as he believes, "threatens tha
overthrow of the whole system." To abol
ish this rule would be to lighten and les
sen the struggle of counsel over the "sin
gle helpful juror," who by his Ignorance,
or. worse, so often defeats the ends of Jus
tice. Edmond Kelly In a vigorous contri
bution on "Things Municipal" (in New
York) declares that if the recent victory
over Tammany is to be permanent good
government must be made to appeal more
directly in the way of practical benefit to
the average man, who is as yet but too
little sensible of the disgrace of a corrupt
municipal administration. Mr. Kelly pro
poses to win -the "dweller of the Five
Points" for an honest government by a
mild species of collectivism that will
make life easier and cheaper for him, as,
for example, by the municipal ownership
of gas and tramways— this though the au
thor is by no means a "collectlvist" In tha
severer sense of the word. The foreign
contributions to this number are especial,
ly excellent. "German Tendencies," by
Professor George Simmel of the Univer
sity of Berlin, is a valuable study, with
something of the ideal tone In It that one
Iearn3 to- expect In the best German lit
erature. Adolph Furtwangler, the great
archaeologist (founder of a school), gives
an account of the "New Excavations at
Ae£ina." Mrs. Bernard Bosanquet studies
in detail tho conditions of the working
women In England, and M. Camille Mau
clair, the well-known Parisian art critic,
contributes a brilliant sketch of "French
Impressionism"— theory, history and influ
ence. His tribute to Whistler must prove
of especial Interest to all American read
ers. There are interesting book reviews
by M. Andre Lebon aDd Professor Brand
er Matthews.
cedure" in its various aspects. In his ca
pacity of Librarian of Congress, Mr. Put- ,
nam Is amply uuaUried to speak upon a'
matter which is often of vital importance
to readers as well as tt> writers of books.
Mr. William Archer's eighth "Real Con
versation," the current one with Mr. Spen
cer Wilkinson, is particularly apropos at
the present moment, ana. a» usual, Mr.
Archer manages to induce his subject to
say just what he should say and in the
way we would have him say it. Reviews
of the drama by Mr. J. Kannen Towse, of
recent fiction by MIs3 Cornelia Atwood
Pratt, and a witty parody on Mr. Henry
James, entitled "The Hoiy Pump," com
plete the minor features of the present is
sue of the Critic, which is, as usual, in
troduced by an apt and pictorially inter
esting "Lounger."
With the January number of the Critic
begins a notable series of papcr3 on "Tha
Great Reviews," the present installment
covering "The English Reviews," the text
being by Mr. Arthur Waugh. The article
is fully illustrated after portraits of the
founders and editors of the English Re- ,
views, from the "Edinburgh Review" on- f
ward, and is a complete sketch of their
inception and principles. Mr. Waugh
writes with interest and enthusiasm of
the work accomplished by these- reviews,
and his article serves admirably to intro
duce the subsequent papers. Lovers of.
, Dickens— and they are innumerable— will
¦welcome the two papers on Dickens, also
fully illustrated after portraits and draw
ings. Mr. B. XV. Matz writes of "Dickens
and His Illustrators," and Mr. Georga
Glssing pays, in his appreciation entitled
"Dickens in Memory," a delicate tribute
to a man who in many respects has been
his inspiration. The tive unpublished por
traits of Dickens add substantially to the
novelty of these two papers. Among the
more serious contributions are reviews of
"The Letters of John Richard Green," by
Mr. George Louis Keer, and Mr. A. I. du
P. Coleman's paper on "Essays Worth
Reading." Mr. Beer, himself a close stu
dent of history, reviews the career of
Green with sympathy and with scholar
ship, while Mr. Coleman tinds much that
is admirable in the series of essays which,
he comments upon. Of a semi-literary,
semi-legal nature is Mr. Herbert Put
. nam's consideration of "Copyright Pro-
. Diversity Is the keynote of the -Outing
poHcy. January Is a special army and
navy nv.mber. containing some of Fred
eric Remington's most effective work, and
several articles dealing with athletico in
the army and navy. But the regular in
terests are not forgotten. There is plenty
of stirring adventure: "On the Frontier
With the Indians,',' Illustrated by Fred
eric Remington; "After Kangaroos in
Queensland"; "A Wild Horso Drive in the
Australian Eush." and so on.
For the man witn the ¦ gun tnern is
plenty of shooting; shooting deer In Col
orado; ptarmigan in Canada; ducks alons
the Columbia: bob-cats in Texas, and
mere likewise.
Of animal stories "The Taking of ihe
Beaver", la the first of a series of "Tlw
Stary of the Trapper." by A. T. Laut.
which begins with . this number. "D(»
Animals Think?" and "Collectors and
Collections of Pistols" are both interest
ing, arid the latter is Illustrated with six
full pages of striking plates. >_£'
Caspar Whitney, as usual, has his say
in tne sportsman viewpoint.
that Butler was a veritable scourge. It
will be remembered by readers of "Car
digan" that Butler first appears in tha
story as a schoolmaster, and that Car
digan and Silver Heels were his pupils;
thut he fell in love with the charming Sil
ver Heels and that the jealous Cardigan
forthwith loathed him. The real Butler
was the son of Clone! John Butler of
Butler's Ranger^, an intimate friend of
Sir Wintom Johnston, and figured in
many of tne thrilling incidents of anto
revolutlonary clays, \
THE: SUNDAY CALL.
12
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
« . \.
I Leisure Hour I
FICTION
j KimcounthaDibal I
H Righlolwayctcrn I
I Alcilythcwashin |
IGtonianslazarrc. I
20% I
DISCOUNT. ' • I
Eltet and Shepard I
e 258 POST^ STREET. J
J NOW ISSUED. °
Charles Warren Stoddard'*
"In the Footprints
% of toe Padres."
Mr. Stoddard sets forth in this
work hi 1 * recollections' of early
days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE $1 30 NET.
A. M; ROBERTSON, %
I Publisher. 126 Post Street.
0 6trator as sne . sews *' them through ' and
through -with- pink^cord: just below, the
'shoulder." She /handles her big, needle
!exterously. and:the .broom is* drawing
near, to .being finished ' when . she gets'
through with it J."- One of, the neatest sew-':
er3 at the home- Is" a» French woman, who
suffers :from-. : the .twofold affliction of be
ing i blind and deaf. ;* If -you compliment
her. upon her, work she may smile and say.^
"Well.' Ido:not. work very fast. -but I am :
careful."- Sho. la. so i deaf that 'it takesi
gome time ;for a compliment, to. reach her."
but her glad smfle. shows' that she appre
ciates pr&ise. ;.-;.; _¦-; ¦¦;'¦-¦_. . -. ¦'¦[
•Sqriie of these .women make as much < as
t«h br. fifteen' dollar! ; a" month. ", They are
! all ' paid, wages thepe^at; thai home, ani
the brooms 'ar'<e sold and find a ready mar
ket.'- : Brooms are rqade at ' the home for
use In the navy, and the .railroads order'
« good. 'many whisk; brooms. 'from these
skilled blind workers for use In the Pull
tnans. v ? ¦• .y: „•; -v v ." "\".- •-¦¦.--. .*, ¦_- ..'._, -.'..'¦":.•. fj '•" i
; ¦ Chairs are : sent • from all over Oakland '
to \ be ' caned . at , the ; bome and th* : fWiwa. j
In a two-story frame building one hun
dred and fifty feet long by thirty wido
are the .workshops of the men. It glve3
one a queers indescribable feeling to pass
along through' the ranks of men each
busy at .his appointed task, working so
swiftly* and with his hands,
and to know that the lovely and grateful
sense of sight is denied them.
¦" In' the lower part of this building are
kept. supplies.. broom corn. etc.. about six
ty orisevehty ton* of which Is scattered
around in different spots, for. the State
do«8" not; Insure ¦ the- materials needed,
which. a». on -hand now run up In value
to ; seven or eight "thousand dollars." ,~ The
best of the broom corn $s obtained from
the '.Kast... 'Above is a large room divided
Into two* sections. ¦ In one are. the, men
who ' size the broom corn and . a number
who; stem it, or take out the bad part
from the good. This room looke like a
harvest granary, so. filled is It. with gold
en. 1 sheaves and' bundles. - Here works a
nan,: an employe who- can see, and his
It is necessary that the applicant ton
admission to this home shall have beer
a resident of the State of California for
three years prior to his application foi
admission. Applications ar.c constantly
reeeive.«l for admission from persons liv
ing out of the State, which la not allow
able under the rules of the institution.
The shops were closed for some. time, and
were. only reoipencd at out eighteen months'
ayo. There is now a steady market at top
price* for all the brooms that can be
turned out: and the demand Is an Increas
ing, one. The home has an ¦ appropriation
yearly o r 522.5OO.--.lt is gratifying -to not?
that the institution has on hand a goodly
cash surplus ." No admission fee is re
quired for entrance to the home, and only
certain requirements • must be complied
with. Dr. George H. Derrick is resident
physician . at the ¦ home. The following
are the board of directors: Colonel John
P. Irish, president; N. \V. Soauldlng, vice
presidsnt: G. E»:Rardolph, H. M. Sanborn,
W. Olney and George S. Meredith, secre
tary and treasurer.
The entire home has - accommodationl
for one hundred and two inmates and i!
now full, less one. In the main building
arc the offices, parlor, dining J rooms,
kitchens, and the ten rooms devoted to
the use of the women, who all take cart
of their own rooms.
There is not a buster spot on the plac*
than the women's shop, back of the malt
bulldlng-a big, broad room, with no ob
structions to getting around easily in it
Some of the-women spend the day here
in waning- chairs, and there may be u
whole row of them in- line, their fingers
flyinjj inward and outward as deftly, ae
possible in this weaving Jn straw. One of
them is a full-blooded Indian woman, whe
nas. memories of a northern home /and
the massacre of her tribe by warring In
dians, leaving only herself and a few oth-"
? rs A?. tel1 the ta!e - Taking the plcturei
for this article furnished a pleasant dlver
tlsement. and one of the workers began
to sing unconsciously Just about the time
the camera was being focused. When told
to get ready and. keep still she remarked,
Oh, well: he can't take my voice."
Over near the sunny windows Is a line
of workers tying and sewing brooms, and
it Is wonderful to watch their fingers as
they wind the wire over and over the
bunch of broom corn that makes the be
ginning of the broom rr whisk. After It is
shaped and the "shoulder" finished comes
Is unli-orm and never changed, for tn»
movements of the blind are largely gov
erned by familiar given distances. The
rooms are comfortable and are alwayi
left oren. ;
Here in this shop are nearly twenty
women, ranging from a young girl to an
elderly woman. They are all busy each
day from fc:30 in the morning: to 4 In the
afternoon, with an hour for lunch, and
there are few seeing people who show the
anxiety to get back to manual labor that
Is thowa by these men and women from
whom lias been taken eight, the guiding
sense that gives to all the others the
greatest zest. It is no small task to train
a blind person In a trade and some of the
skilled hands at this home in broom
making ppent from six months to two
years bffore their hands could start or
finish off a broom.
The knowledge of being handicapped by
to wide-reaching an affliction as blindness
was thu cause that made many of them
Bhow a great lack of confidence in their
ability to learn anything useful. One
old gentleman, now one of the most ex
pert broom-makers at the home, spent
much time when he started to learn the
trade In .crying and trying to get as far
away from the machine as possible. In
teaching these people no one could do it
as well as one afflicted as they are, a man
who has been blind from early boyhood
and who hae never seen the face of the.
handsome young lad who calls him
father.
This raan is Joseph Sanders, the super
intendent under whose years of careful
end c>pert management the home has
reached Its present stage of advancement
and usefulness. To reo this kindly man.
who secirs to forget his own affliction in
the world has use lor the labor of their
hands.
O-j BIG rcoin. with opposite rows
f | of windows, through which fall
r""*1 long bars of sunlight. Outside the
V» I preen grass and God's blue sky
JL and all the things with which na
ture delights the eye. And how the eye
lingers over them and drlrjcs their beau
ties In! From out the open door comes
the sound of animated voices and one
breaks :nto a snatch of song. Enter and
you will find a number of women all bus
ily engaged In work. You vill watch
them and listen to them with interest and
you will furget thut for them the worid
is bounded by the touch of their hand*
and that the sunlight, the blue sky and
even the faces of their mends are hidden
from them.
Just for a moment you will forget it.
perhaps, until you have gone round an4
looked into the face of each of these
cheerful blind women, who spend their
days iii making- brooms and canin«r chairs
in this shop at the Industrial Home for
the Adult Blind in Oakland. But one can
not bur. wonder as they realize the afflic
tion that has blotted out the world for
these people at the salvation that cheer
ful activity has broupht to them. Here is
a place ¦where the blind are made to
rsaJize that other senses may take the
place <>f that which is lost and find con
solation in the fact that tliry ;ire able to
t«* of L;f>«? to themselves and others in th?
world. I^5fe doe* not seem without hope
for them j=o loujr as they ca.u u«»».u.- tha.t
The main or executive building was
once the home of one Regan, known us
the "Silver King," who was killed by
being thrown from his buggy right at
the entrance to the circular lawn, that
with its great fountain forms such a
pretty foreground for the buildings. On
the right of the driveway as one enters
is the cottage of the superintendent, a
cosy place embowered among shrubs
and vires. Still farther on to the right
stand the men's quarters, dormitories 1
and 2. where about seventy-five men
make their homes, two men to a room.
H 4< interesting and pathetic to ndte the
careful placing of the articles of furn'
ture J- Miese rooms, an arrangement thxf
Superintendent Sanders, who In long
years of service at the home. "has demon
strated the superior capacity of an expert
blind teacher, was formerly in a large
institution for the blind in Philadelphia
and taught there the trade of broom
making. The home was organized in 18s r i
as a State institution 'and some of the
inmates arc . still there who learned
through the teachings of Mr. Sanders
how to help' themeelves in the eariier days
of thi home. The place itself, sjtuated
Ht the corner of Thirty-sixth street and
Telegraph avenue, is an attractive spot.
ris neipiumehf for others. minpli::s with
those who are watching always for th«>
Found cf his voice as he coffles through
the shops to greet and make helpful aug
trestions to them at their work, holds a
pathetic lesson for all.
th* cutting at the top wttn a sharp knife.
,; and you watch to see If the Angers of the
blind Workwoman will not be cut square
ly off. But, no, the knife «oes "down like
' a chopper,- Just- misting the fingers , but
cutting: oft neatly the superfluous . mate
rial. It la seldom that these broommakers
have- an - accident -except In' the early
fttagts -of. 1 learning' to guide their fingers
\ in the work. L >¦;__.¦... ¥ . ¦ .: , •
,Th«y'' u*e ¦ hammers tor-pound, the
"shoulder" of the broom into shape. They.
¦. wind wiretlllit looks as if laid side by
side by machinery. They pick' out uner
ringly one from the many 'tools needed in
' the work.andv^wlthal. they do. the work
a .so: neatly -that .it: could not. be. improved
upon 1 by-' a .seeing.; person. * After' the
, i broom passes from the hands of the tyers
..It Is put. .with the broom end standing up
: ward. In a machine called a prees, which
holds it like a'vise. Then comes another
¦ exhibition of skill on the Dart -of the op-
men are no longer formidable competitors
with these workers in this Industry.
Many people order work and brooms from
there in preference and as time goes on
and the 'work of these afflicted ones be
comes better krewn the demand for their
brooir . **11 in 'ease. As It is they have
all that ihey ran reasonably do. One
skilled blind i./.iman at the home can
make as high a.» one hundred brooms prr
day. Some of the workers make eighty
cents a day and upward. About eighty
men and women are engaged in the
manufacturing of brooms. Another
branch of, industry which engages tho
time and attention of a number of them
is mattress making. Several grades nro
made, from a very good article to the
small ones made from sacking. Manuel
Marmalejo. a tall Mexican who 13 blind,
is. a good mattress maker nnd he is one
of. the workers on a lot of cheap mat
tresses now being made for tho County
Under the management of Mr. Sanders,
an expert in the care and teaching of the
blind, materially aided by Mr. WlUiatoa.
his secretary, this Industrial home is now
fulfilling its objects, which are, to instruct
the adult bliijd in some trade in order to
enable them 'to contribute to their own
support, and to furnish a workinjr horn*
for them-
One blind man whoae eyes have a par
ticularly vacant look was given much at
tention at the hands of a Christian sci
ence healer. He had treatment after
treatment for a few days, and the healer
was sure that he would see In spite of his
discouraging answers to her hopes tha,t ha
could "sec a little better now, can't you?"
Perhaps he had the idea of a joke on her
from the first, for the fourth day when
she asked that question he promptly an
swered, "No. madam. I cannot, for I have
glass eyes," which, as a matter of fact, he
has. There are Russians and Scotchmen,
Hawailans and Englishmen, nil brought
together by a* common affliction and all
being helped to bear it like men. The
waitresses fly around busily, and frojn thi>
big kitchen and pantry near by com*
savory odors. Home-made bread is pro
vided in abundance, and the cuisine Is
well managed and good. Turkey, and
plenty of it, is furnished twice a year—
on Christmas and Thanksgiving.
¦PHI
mmm
th I C t isTmost cosmopolitan **$*«& and
traVie system, which keeps both their
minds and finders occup.ed. The Wf *»«;
ir"-room. where the men to the numbor
of •eventy-five assemble, Is an Interesting
s'-hl at no^n. It Rives one a sensation
35ans« " feeling of something njWrl
o-.i.-- and unknown, as of *> eln S V?, th .*
presence oJ people of * noth " Y,?:i d ; h a "
the door opens and one after another .they
co silently to their places. There » no
faltcS. but perhaps a »"* e ™f°^£l
out and soon the scats are filled and
luncheon is under way.
Sonic of the olJer encs and more recent-
Iv afflicted tic a little piece of string: to
their chairs and when 't is neany [cached
tho useful hand readily finds it. The
vounscr cues show an amazing bump or
locality end few who see could reach
their destination more readily. Amow
the number is a youns man, just begin
ning hi-j ljfe. who was made blind by a
piece of steel (lying in hte eye while en
gaged in his work at the Lnlon Iron
Worto' Near a 'ark faced man from the
¦Vzores sits an old man who was blinded
bv an cxuloslon in a mine. One of the
sad ifst cases Is that of a man who shot
himself through the forehead. The ball
passed through from one side of the head
to the other.' destroying the optic nerves,
and instead of ending his life, as he in
tended, the man Is left with the power or
thought, but without sight.
THE SUNDAY ICAIiLl
13
A DAY AT THE OAKLAND HOME FOR THE ADULT BLIND1 .' -. ¦ '-"¦ .
I cross. Tuscany W crazie » crazies vertical
' lines. 3 lira. The four rare Spains, Saxony
error, Bavaria' C Kr/ broken circle, Brunswick
• :> silber croschen. Meeklenburs-Schwerln 4-1
rouletted. . Br. Guiana 2c type set Al^ice 3
centimes Inverted net. The three rare Tapar
. .plate numbers. 10 sen plate 5. 20 sen plkte *
and G sen plate 22. Ceylon 4d rose, 8d browi
unperf. and Sd yellow brown perf. Hongkong
4c perf. . 12i,A and 06 yellow brown. Mauritius
1st stage plate Id and 2d. Straits Settle
ment the . error 32c witnout surcharge. La
buan 12c' C. A. sideways $t on 16c blue and 2c
on 16c blue rare type. India 8 annas. Tas
mania'Id blue. New Zealand pair 2d'blu«
pelure paper. South Australia 4d violet
nerf. and roul. "Western Australia 1st isaiv
¦ 2d' brown on red. 6d bronze, 2d violet error, (ii
on bluish. Tasmania 2d yellow grreen no WK
Mauritius one shilling sreen small perf. . Re
union 30 centimes. 5 Cauca, Sweden error 3C
ore. Canada lc laid paper. Rare Transvaal
Inverted surcharces. Slieet of Coamo 5c
United StatPS, August "61J Sc and 10c. 5c ypl
t low. a block of 11 24c lilac, considered the
, rarest of U. S. stamps, strip of inverted 2c
Pan-American. 3c searlet. Lacros 10 shilli.T-s
Fiji rare surcharges. Philippines error coroi
in pair. The catalogue value of these 100 un
used stamps Is nearly $20,000 and as all these
nre mint condition they are worth in many
instances more than catalogue. Amon? great
rarities In used stamps In Mr. Crocker's col
- lection are Hawaiian Islands. 1051 -R2 13" blue
type I. plate II: 13c blu« type II. plate II- i:?c
blue type I. plate I. St. Louis 20c gray 5c
Cray, and 10c greenish. 1 British Guiana," 4c
oranjre, 4c yellow '¦ pelure. 12c blue sugar pa
per. 2c yellow, lc pink. 4c blue. Lahuan •[">*
«-rmiaa.u.own and C. C." 1SS0 0c on 16c blue,
Mr. Crocker's fine plate number collec
tion of United States stamps dates from
plate number one to the present time
1200, all .unused.' Rarities are stamps
from plate eighty- nine, which whole issua
when printed was sent to ' Shanghai
where 500,000 American stamps are sold
yearly. In this -United States collection
There is one - stamp yet 'missing from
Mr. Crocker's unrivaled. collection of Ha
wailans; only one out of over 100 'different
varieties that have been issued in Hawaii
altogether. This is one of the early
"missionarj-" 2-cent stamps, which, when
discovered, will be worth at least $3000 to
any collector. Mr. Crocker has ten of the
early 5 and 13 , cent missionary stamps,
and also, shows eleven plates of the Ha
waiian numerals, now. exceedingly rare
stamps. A number of the . missionary
stamps appear on the original letter, aa
they were sent, and range in value from
§1000^up to 51500 each. They are given the
special care of being covered by glass
slipped Into the page. Some of the stamps
were printed and distributed by the Ha
waiian Government by favor; others were
from surcharged issues. The issues down
to the time of the revolution of 1892 all
bear portraits of the sovereigns '^during
whose reigns they, were used, or of mem
bers of the royal . family closely con
nected with the succession. The stamp
bearing a ! portrait statue of Kamchame
ha I, whose reign ended about the begin
ning of the last century, is an 1 exception
to this rule. - , .
A very rare Egyptian stamp is one on
which . the overprint reads- ten paras,
when It should have, been five. "Only, a
very few of these are known. One dozen
of these little squares of paper in Mr.
Crocker's collection will catalogue in
value $2530. This dozen represents stamps
from Newfoundland, New Brunswick and
Nova Scotia. :' . ¦ - " •
whic. is a stamp containing some;uniii
tent.onal peculiarity and / issued for use
in that condition, may be cited the V/est
ern Australia twopenny stamps' in Mr.
CrocKer's collection, valued at $75 each.
These twopenny stamps were printed in
the. wrong color in London and were sent
out to Australia, as sixpenny stamps. But
there the public discovered -the error
and Would pay but twopence for \ them
when purchasing them at the " PristoSlce.
The only way the Postmaster could get
even on the deal was to send them to out
side dealers sending in orders fur stamps
as sixpenny stamps, and charging accord
ingly. ¦ ;. •¦¦¦¦ ¦*-;¦¦:" ¦¦' -•¦¦ -. ,-;:¦.
ALFRED DEZENDORF.
1SS3 2c on lCc blue, oominica 1886 Id .on v.'
green (with jruarantee). -Mauritius' 1848 2d
blue, bluish (error pence). Switzerland 10R
black ana red on yellow, no frame; 10c yel
low green (double), 2%R. red and black post
local (no frame). Great Britain. 4d green
plate, 17, lOd brown red plate '2 on cover lid
chestnut plate 13. ¦ the three almost uniaue>
Tuscany 3 lira ochre. . Barbadocs 1878 Id oii
Vs ot 5 shillings rose (en pair). South Aus
tralia 3d on 4d blue double surcharge. Brit'
irh liechuanaland 4d vermilion and black sur
charge inverted. New South Wales 3d "rrecn
watermarked 2 (en pair), 2 Sydney view Vic
toria od . blus rouletted (pair on cover) ¦' New
foundland 1 sh. scarlet vermilion. " Ouada
loupe. 4c 'blue unpaid letter. Cape of Gotx*
Hope 4d.rcd error, wood block. Transvaal lil
red. .-vride- roulette (50a). Canada 12d black,
two copies. Newfoundland 2 searlet vermlN
Ion. Tasmania Id blue. Spain perf 14 l -> c
blue and rose, frame inverted unpe'rf orated
frame inverted. United States of America 15c
24c. 3Oc v picture Inverted. Buchanan tfc on
cover Brattleboro, 6c. Be brown embossing
covering entire stamp on cover. These last
100 catalorue over J?0 000 and to^k th« first
prize at the recent exhibition in New York.
A . great rarity among the American
stamps is a. United States 3-cent of 1S61
surcharged _"C. S. of A.." issued by thy
Confederate government immediately aft
er the breaking out of the war of seces
sion and used pending the distribution of
the stamps issued by the Confederacy.
Others of value are two specimens of the
Baton Rouge on original cover, valued at
$50 each, and also u McCormick "error"
of this stamp, valued at $100, and" an un
severed pair of the unperforated United
Stfttes 30-cent orange of 1S56, worth $503.
Among stamps which may.be expected
to soon advance in value are the Japanese
and, also; the English issues, bearing the
' •-''•.¦ ..:¦:': > • ¦ - - >
" ' * '„* '-¦ /
Is proud of three of them, -'-mere are also
errors from Sweden, Russia, Bu garia
and one from Prussia valued at $400. . ¦-.
'Invthe stamps of Spain,. Cuba and. the
Transvaal there, is an unusual amount of
historic. Interest'. and rarity, as showing
,tbc many changes in government through
which these Countries have passed. • Tha
stamps of the, Transvaal now , bear' tha
royal initials E. R ; I. in place of V. R. I. -
Other curios In the eyes of philatelists
are '» stamps from ¦ Liberia, issue of 1S92,
with the head of Cheeseman, then Presi
dent, inverted: -a 4-cent stamp- of -the
same "country 'with an inverted, elephant;
a 10-centime stamp of Belgian Congo with
,the falls of . the Congo inverted. 'This
stamp is valued '. at i $30. An interesting
stamp is a 5-center- of Coamo, .which
brings up memories of the capture of that
place? by- the Americans. A very rare
French stamp is the 15 and SO centimes of
the Isle; de la Reunion, ; black 'on -blue.
Thesi^are valued at JS50 and Mr. Crocker
A curiosity in American stamps are the
2-cent- Pan-American stamps on wh'ch
the train Is inverted. About four sheets
of these with this error, or 400 in all, were
issued.' They were sold to a commercial
house "and -use of them was begun before
the error was discovered. ' Then collectors
flocked to secure- them at $100 each. The
1-cent Inverted? steamship is also shown
in blocks of four. - * - ¦¦ ¦
are two of the St. Louis 20-cent stamps,
known to have sold as high as $3800 each.
.They have an interesting history.. Before
the United • States Government ¦- issued
stamps the city of St. Louis employed a
card engraver to engrave six stamps on
a: plate the size of . a' card. - rhe \aluos
were four 5-cent stamps and two tens.
For. a long time it was thought that tlieso
were all the stamps issued by St. Lou!s.
but later it was discovered that they had
need of some 20-cent .stamps. ¦¦ The- sam
, engraver being called upon, took the same
plate, turned it over, beafout on copper
the original two fives and inserted the 20
instead.. The stamps as printed show
traces of; the amendment. These 20-cent
ers now rank as therarest stamps of the
United States. >, . . - . •,'.;. '
and New York Philatelic associations, at
which Mr. Crocker was awarded the goid
xieual lor the best exhibit of one hunured
ased stamps, have been the oceuoitm of
renewing interest, much swapping anu
unprecedented exhibits on the part of tiisj
many interested in this lad or industry,
whichever it may be calltu, in the inter
est of which are issued moie journals and
periodicals than- any other Jine of busi
ness or art can boast of. Mr. Crocker's
i-uperb- Hawaiian exhibit has twice take'i
Jirst medal at exhibitions. He carried
away first prize, a silver medal, at the
exhibit of th$ Boston Philatelic ' Society
in September, -1901, in the face of what
was said by experts to be collectively the
Snest exhibition of Hawaiian philately
Ever seen in the world. Mr. Crocker has
ti^f a i U i rU c gO , ld . medal from the Chica-j
3'"* ¦ £? cle ,£' » lso the tribute . com
pelled by his $2o,00o worth of Hawaiian
slumps,
u.t 1 ,*; Crocker recently sent for ex
hibition at Uie exhibit of the New York
Philatelic Association two hundred of his
choicest and rarest stamps, divided into
used and unused, and reaching a valua
t!o " of "early forty thousand dollars.
nf «iE i n ° 6o ? b ± £. hat the- appreciation
of this pleasant hobby, which develops
progresslVenefc* and a'so gives the eoi
ector a keener pleasure in unconsciously
renewing his studies -In -history and geos-
Kr aSg n Wn wonderfully in the past
.ew years. There are many in San Fran
:isco who are making the collecting of
stamps a serious pursuit. «nd among th*
WHH» I JE M ?. !ne 2i t are: SJIUV" H " Crocker
\VilIiam Gardiner. A. H. Webber, am
Messrs. Kschman, Greenebaum. Phillips
vvillcox. Cowan, Koenijr. Montea^le*
Frederick Tillmann and Timothy Hop
n°?h °f the . rarest and prettiest stamps
Ji the Crocker collection, which repre
sents much search and expenditure on
,he part of Jtfr. Crocker for the past
.hirty years, is the fir«t postage *tamn
>yer Issued, the ircutftice of which took
place j)n May 1. 1SR These eaVly English
itamps are very handsome and perfect
specimens of engraving. They have an
flHSS^ifi Portion in the large book
r«l i, th V the . stamps cf Great Britain
and her American provinces, making a
:ollection alone worth $35,000. The plate
numbers or engravers' marks of the Ene
l)Fh stamps alone form a study, so mJn
utc are they, and so cleverly hidden
irnong the larger designs of: the margin
-f the stamp. .
A block -of four sixpenny Canadian
stamps, unused and in mint condition
is grazed at with envious eyes as a raritv
unknown in any other collection. An
other page consists of Canadian sixpenny
and twelve-penny black unused. The Aus
tralian and British colony stamps shown
are worth $25,000. Of these the "Connell"
stamp is one of the most interesting, from
the quaint bit of human vanity and hH
tory connected with it. It is a stamp of
New Brunswick, but unlike its con
temporaries in that it does not bear the
engraved head of the Queen. Instead
.here is the portrait of a somewhat sheep
ish looking gentleman, with retreating
whiskers and a general "Oom Paul" air
And thereby hangs the vanity. The'gen
tleman Is Charles Connell of "Woodstock
N. B.. Postmaster General at the time
these stamps were issued. $ He Uhought it
would be a pleasant change to seo his
own face on the stamps and at the same
time relieve her Majesty, so he had the
change made. The issue of these 5-cent
stamps was suppressed - almost as soon
as it was finished, and the gallant Connell
lost his berth and salary of six hundred
pounas a year, or as an. old poem has it:
Sax hundred pounds to see hl« face
Posting around from place to place.
But fame has at least a place , for him.
as stamp collectors are eager to I buy his
stamp pictures at £25 each. * :
As an example of the error stamp.'
Among the rarest unused ' stamps in Mr,
Crocker's collection are the Canada 12d. Tn»
six varieties of Canada 6d Including a mint
block of 4. Turk's Island shilling: and 4d on
1 shilling. Cape of Good Hope 5 shilling yVK.
C. A. pair of Granada, the rare - surcharge 4d.-
St.' Vincent 4d dull blue pert. 12. Great Brit
ain 2d Is crown pert, 16; 4d rose medium
tarter, the 2 1 pound TVK. cross and an
chor, Id plate 77, 6 shilling plate 4. 1
pound I. R... official and 10 shilling WK.
cross. Nova Scotia shillings. New Brunswick
shillings, the Gd yellow and the Connell stamp.
Newfoundland 2d, 4d, Ud and 6%d and 13
complete in both the vermilion and orange
shades, the Olid orange being the rarest o{ all.
Thtss are abs-jlutely mint condition. The ms
dlo peso rose of Peru, Egypt error, surcharsr^d
Niger Coast rarities. The 4R. Zurich with
jut lines, loR. small figured, 5c post local with
out frar"-». Two Sicilies Vi Tornese arms w»d
head or Queen Victoria. Since the pass
ing away of the Queen • it has become
quite a fad with collectors to make a
page at least of Queen's head stamps.
A scarlet book of auaint Japanese de
sign is- a volume full of treasures in th«
shape of rare stamps of that nation
Mr.' Crocker has also a very inter
ssting and. valuable collection ol
Western franks, representing all the .early
letter-carrying? express companies, such
as, the Pony express, Freeman's, Hum
boldt's, Weaverville and Adams & Co.
One .specimen, of the frank of the Central
Overland California and Pikes Peak Ex
press Company, is valuable, and • unique
in its story. It Is stamped in green Infc
and for a long time no one could make out
the- cause -of the error, as all the other
franks of the company were stamped in
black. This was in green and bearing
date March 17, which .-suggested to a Ger
man that the expressman must have been
of Irish nationality and had changed the
color of the ink on his stamp in honor oi
"ould St. Patrick." Which was undoubt
edly the case.
. That was the opinion of Henry J.
Crocker when he succeeded in getting
two of these rarities to add to his col
lection, which stands seventh, among the
largest collections of the world, and Which
has .made his name a famous one, amoiijj
connoisseurs in stamps. Mr. Crocker's
many handsome books of stamps are es
timated to be r -vorth two hunured thou
sand dollars in their entirety, and his
collection of Hawaiian stamps is the
finest in the world and has not been ap
proached in point of rarity or. value. The
rinest collection of stamps on the globe is /
that of Ferrari of* Paris, the second best'
is the Tapling collection, now in the
British Museum, and then follow in tha
crder named the collections of Beitfus,
Iilirabaua, Dcveen, Schroeder and H. J.
Crocker of San Francisco.
There are in the United States no less
than 2du,viW active stamp collectors.
.Europe has about 5,000,000 stamp col
lectors, among whom *nay be men
tioned Queen Wilhelmina of Holland;
Alfred de Rothschild, who has written
several books on' the subject; the Duchesj
cf Marlborough, also the late Victor
Emanuel, and King Edward's eldest son,
the Duke of York.
The recent exhibitions of the Boston
rp.HREE THOUSAND EIGHT HUN-
I ' DRED DOLLARS for one postage
I stamp! It sounds rather expensive,
I doesn't it? Methlnks I see the lady
jI in the rural district who may
chance to read *he first sentence. of this
article putting her specs* a little farther
back and exclaiming that- It can't be pos
sible that "stamps bev riz so." But o
course she does not know that this valu
ation is put upon what in the eyes of
pLJlatelists is one of the rarest of stamps
—a fc-t. Louis 20-cent stamp— and worth ita
thousands accordingly. '
THE SUNDAY: CALL.
14
HENRY J. CROCKER AND HIS STAMP COLLECTION15
THE SUNDAY OALIi.
•^rytW e V 5e^S B«pS; Henry Ujg \
be able to ? lrln g W9 hu nB \
Hi
THE CAMERA CLUB EXHIBIT•TITR AY C A -titf.- '
16of a commission to' take charge of tha
exhibit, one commissioner being appointed
from each county by the commercial
bodies, subject to 'the approval of tho
Board of Supervisors. The Idea suggested
In the resolutions la that each county
disaster, was called , and gave his testi
mony in a matter-of-fact way. He is a
young* man and held the position of
fourth mate on the "Walla Walla, having
joined the steamer on her last trip.
Brown Tells. His Story.
In answer to Questions he said:
"I was In bed at the time of , the colli
sion. My room was on the starboard
side on the main deck, close to No. 2
hatch. The moment I was awakened I
dressed and rushed up on the saloon
deck. I took a look around, saw the Max,
but did not notice any lights on her. I
THE investigation of the collision
between the lost Walla Walla
and the French bark Max was
nearly concluded yesterday.
There are but a few more wit
nesses to be examined.
Alec Holmes, boatswain on the Walla
Walla, was the first witness examined
yesterday.
"I was not on deck," h© Bald, "when
the boats collided. As soon as I heard
the crash I rushed above and lowered
elcht boats before I left the ship. I^was
In charge of boat No. 8. Six of the crew
were with me. I was the last person to
get into that boat. One of the oars was
In good condition and the other was
broken off. The boat had considerable
water In her and the provisions put in
her were lost After we pulled away we
heard cries and tried to locate them, but
it was too dark."
"Did you see the French bark Max
when you first came on deck?" he was
asked.
"Yes, sir. She -was about 100 feet cX.
•with her bow toward us."
"Did she show any lights?"
Dominion Minister Meets Death.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Jan. 11,— Sir Willfrid
Laurier, the Premier, . received .'a ,: cable
dispatch ; this afternoon saying that R. ; R
Dobell, a member, of the ; Dominion Cab
inet without portfolio, had been skilled at
Folkestone, England. He was thrown
from a horse which he was riding. .¦
woman May Unveil ; Mystery!
WASHINGTON, Jan. ll.-Mrs/. Ada Gil
bert Dennis, who was attacked in \ her
apartments some weeks ago, -- has i suffi
ciently improved to talk intelligently. The
attending physicians , are , more *.; hopeful
than I ever J of ( her | recovery j and < ¦will '. try
to-morrow to secure a statement from her
that may throw some light on the' case ;
Coin for Ifational Opera-House.
LONDON, Jan. ll.--The Earl of Dysart
has offered £10,000 toward' the. erection of
a national opera-house 'In', London,, pro
vided the remainder of the £5C0.000. which
he believes is needed is raised in six
months.' The Earl has longbeen'lnterest'
ed In this scheme, and -has ' assoclatea
1 himself with Professor. Stanford' and Sir
Alexander Mackenzie in . an '"endeavof'^to
get the county council to assist arid' sub
sidize a British homo for,": opera; It is
doubtful If the Earl's present effort will
stimulate Interest in the matter, oV meet
with a satisfactory response. •¦¦ -¦: v
Bafon Not to Study Here.
* ..BERLIN. Jan. ll.-The \ North German
Gazette to-day corrects the statement,
credited to -Baron von' Loen, to the. effect
that Emperor William had decided to send
the Baron, who Is a large land owner, of
Silesia, .to the' United States' to study
agriculture and. kindred subject's. "The
paper says' that -'through the Emperor
Baron ; von Loen obtained ¦ a round-trip
ticket for a voyage to .the .West Indies
and Mexico," on ; board' the ' steamer .Vic
toria • Louise, . and that heV had no . more
received a commission froxri the\Emperor
to study, agriculture in the United States
than had any other private ' person who
had been the recipient. of: a similar favor
in the. way of transportation." '. ' /:
"Yes; I Eaw a green light on her. . When
I came on deck I also saw a flash of a
torch."
Continuing-, the witness testified that his
boat landed at the lagoon eighteen miles
from Trinidad the following day;' that
four minutes after his boat pulled away
from the Walla Walla she sank; that her
captain . and officers • were still on deck.
He said he thought the collision occurred
at 4:10 a. m., but was not positive.
Charles Brown, third assistant engineer
of the steamer, was next called. He testi
fied that he had made the following state
ment In writing:
"I, Charles Brown, formerly third as
sistant engineer of the steamship Walla
Walla, which was sunk In a collision Just
above Cape Slendoclno on the morning of
January 2, depose and say:
Saw Vessel Was Doomed.
"I was a:Heep at the. time. The Jar
awoke me and I went on deck to see
what the trouble was. I saw a big hole
at the No. 2 hatch and a sailing vessel
off at a short distance. I then went down
Into the engine-room and found no water
there. I then went up and looked down
No. 1 hole to ses if it was possible to shift
the cargo over to starboard' bo as to get
the hole In the ship's side out of the wa
ter. I saw there was no hope for the ves
tel, so I went up on deck and helped get
the lifeboats ready. I got Into a boat,
with probably twelve other men and land
ed at Trinidad on Friday morning, June S,
with only seven men left.".
The witness told of leaving the sink
ing ship In boat No. 7 and that It cap
sized and four cf the party were drowned.
He said that Quartermaster Wilson was
one of those lost. He said he saw Wilson
come on deck fu'.ly dressed, the balance
of his testimony simply being in line with
the foregoing statement.
Rudolph Ncilscn. a sailor on. the Walla
Walla, was recalled. He said he was In
charge of a boat containing eleven "pas
sengers and three members of the crew
and that they were picked up by the tug
Ranser and taken into Humboldt. He
said he invited the captain and ether offi
cers to get into the boat before she left
the steamer, but the captain yelled, "La-j
dies first!"
•Cecil Brown, one of the heroes of tt>«
met Captain Hall in the companlonway.*
He was talking to the chief engineer. I
was ordered to go down and Bee if there
was any water In the hold. I sounded the
bilge3 and found one of the pipes broken.
Having reported this to ' the captain, I
was ordered to go to my boat, which was
No. 4 en the starboard Elde.
"I helped put- it in' the water. -I then
rushed over to the port side and helped
lift four boats ln^o the water. The first
person I met was Mrs. Errlcson.and her
children. I tried to get her Into one of
the boats, but she refused to leave unless
ehe had her husband. As there were
other lives to look after I left hen , I
continued to help other lady possengers
until' the boat sank. I left the deck and
swam to one of the life rafts, and ( seeing
a lady in the water I helped her Ho get
on It. I then' swam to another raft, but
finding it crowded went to another and
got on . board. I . remained on the raft
with the first officer, fourth cook, Mr.
Errlcscn and bis eon for thlrty-slx
hour3."
1 As the witness was unable to fix the
time the collision happened Second Officer
Lupp offered his watch as evidence of
the hour the steamer sank. The hands
had stopped at three minutes after. 5
o'clock. Lupp said the watch of Captain
Swan, another survivor, . stopped . about
the same time. \:f?
Saw Hole in Walla Walla.
Peter Nelson, first officer of the Walla
Walla, made the following statement::
"I was In bed asleep at the time of the
collision. I heard a crash and immedi
ately jumped out on deck- to see' what
was the matter. I saw a big hole in the
Walla Walla's side and , saw ; the , water
rushing into the ship.' I found*. the crew
rushing about on deck and ordered them
to their stations at the boats. We start
ed immediately to hoist out and lower
the boats and life rafts. As we'. were Iow 7
ering the boats I saw a' flare of . light
astern.
"I at once ordered No. 7 boat, which
was all . rea<5y to leave . the 'ship, to* pro
ceed to the light, land the passengers
and come back to the ship. We were en
deavoring to get out Nos. 9 and 10 boats
when* the ship suddenly went down from
tinder us. I went 'down with, the ship,
and when"! came up was picked up by
life raft." v ¦;; . : { ¦¦ ¦..-.
, The investigation will conclude to-mor
row.. The inspectors will visit the French
<bark Max, which is lying at : the Green
street wharf , and look over the vessel;
In the afternoon -further, testimony will
betaken/- ' * '" ¦ . . . i . ¦
OFFICERS OF LOST WALLA WAL
LA WHO TESTIFIED AT. THE IN
i VESTIGATION YESTERDAY. "*:
President" Confers : With Admirals.
t AVASHINGTON, ; Jan. li;— Adriiiral?Tay-
who ,- Is to; "succeed 'Admiral Crowninvj
shield as chief 'of ;th«j bureau ' of naviga
tion, and* Captain ' Clark, -who command
ed ihe battleshij^ Oregon during '.he Span-; \
ish^war, had p. long conference with Presi
dent "7 Roosevelt day and afterward;
lunched^ with'-, him. . • The conference took
place in the [Cabinet room/ and^durtnsr.lts,;
progress -the .President denied himself : to
other callers. Subsequently the two naval
'"officers, whqjt was l^crned-bad been -sent
fof^by ; the ;.Presideni.- declined to make
public the' "'subject of the consultatior, 1
which! it •, was believed - had 'a bearing.' on
the"; Schley. case- : --..- -^. ., ' •-. .
Catholic's Appointment Criticized.
; BERLIN, Jam ; 11.— The* appointment of
a" Catholic^ prof esEor.; Br. Spahri, to tho
chair^. of; (history." in,. the University - of
StraEbufg .was \ somewhat severely." criti
cized in the Reichstag to-day by Dr. Sat
tler,: National Liberal, who characterized
it as a 'step in the* direction of further~di
viding'the Germans* -in., the matter of r'e- ;
ligion. 'Ba'rqn yon Koeller. : the v Secretar^
of State for Alsace-Lorraine,^. in defending
the" appointment - declared that Dr. , £att:er
exaggerated > the situation.' ' There'. were
only 'four Catholic professors i'at'Stras
burg, 'against' 'sixty^one* >• Protestants," in
spite f of the Increased number of Catholic
students/.,- . ,' -; ''':"'-.
this , important .work. Admiral ' Melville
pointed 'out inilitary "reasons that make
It /desirable that' thq
not " be -obliged to ( rely outside experi
ments for ., this work.' Besides belnj a
benefit , to.' the na\y , proper. . the \ proposed
pla'nt; It is said, will be of Immense serv
ice^ In Eolvlng''.problems'of ' the greatest
lmpcrtance,--to^. rmanufaeturing interests
arid In stimulating, the Inventive genius
of '"the navy. ' - '
for such purposes in case further money
were needed. , Mr. Barr then urged j the
co-operation of 'every commercial 'organ
ization InJ the, .Valley, finally, introducing
a resolution for.. the. establishment of the
exhibit at next. year's exposition. V.
% The resolution calls for the appointing
shall have an Individual exhibit, but that
all' shall be displayed on contiguous floor
space and advertised as a San Jaoquln
Valley exhibit.
J. A. Filcher was Indorsed for the posi
tion i of horticultural commissioner at the
St. Louis Exposition.
CAPE TOWH AMEBICAN
- GIVEN HIS UBEETY
British, Government ¦ Releases Han
Who Had Bsen Accused, of
High Treason.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— A cablegram
received at the S&te' Department from
United States . Consul General Blngham
at -Cape "Town announced the acquittal
and release of Dr. ; Richard S. Anthony,
who has been on trial there on a charge
of high treason and aiding the enemy.
' : Anthony Is an American citizen, but has
lived- for .some time In South Africa,
whero he married a Boer woman. Mrs.
Anthccy is at present in Chicago. Her
children are in Sari- Francisco'.*
EussianPolico Are TJpheld.
i; ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. ll.-Owing to
recent evidences of a disposition on the
part of the populace to demur at the de
maiida_of the police General Kleigle. the
PreXcct,. has caused notices to be posted
Imperatively ordering Instant obedience
to; any orders' by .the police, failing In
which the delinquent Is punishable by
Imprisonment for three months or the
payment of a fine or 500 rubles.
'SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY CITIZENS WHO ARE LENDING THEIR
>¦ ' HEARTY SUPPORT TO THE -MOVEMENT FOR A COMBINED EX
' HIBITAT ; THEST.- LOUIS EXPOSITION. Wj.'X~J'--*
iyi lining RESNO,' . Jan., r ll.— The rj flrst .^step
§ B ;' toward a- California atahe
'.J^l-^ St. -Louis Exposition., of 1903 was;
I this city. this afternoon'.
*¦. ' by the ,San Joaquin Valley, Com^
¦ ':.- ; merclikl Association..-^ which • re-r
solved to make a valley exhlbitat ' thVblg.
fair. . SThe resolution was Introduced by
James A: Barr of Stockton and was unan
imously' adopted;' every' member of. the
committee and of the Fresno Chamber of.
Commerce expressing t the heartiest ap
proval of, the^dea. ¦ ¦ ; f . .'
; - ...The. Cjommittee. convened shortly ; after
;1 o'clock; this. afternoon, with the foliow-
i Ing ; de'lega'tes : present: 7 ' S. OSmlth, Ba
jkersfleld;" Jameg A. Barr, Stockton; A. E.
;.Mlat, Tulare; W. C. Maze, Madera; T. C
' hocking,": Modesto; ; A.' G. » Park, ;Hanford."
' .The first business was the. discussion ot
the'proposedvSan Joaquin Valley. Bureau
of .Information' lit 5 Los Angeles.; This
was proposed some time ago and
[A. E.X'Mlat has '? since been traveling
| through! the" State ; endeavoring ;to '.obtain '
funds -to, assist the proposition..' So -far.
: every:'county.ln the valley, ¦ with ; the ex
¦ ceptlon of. Fresno, had expressed its-will
ingness to "enter Into the scheme, but this
county.'had held back,^preferring to take
up the ¦ project' alone. There was . much
discussion . to-day, and finally, on ¦ motion
of "W.- T. Mattingly of this;- city; ¦repre
senting the Chamber, of . Commerce, in the
absence of .John" A: Neu, ¦ It was decided
Ahat; the plan be; adopted. ".'Resolutions
outlining the work to be done were lntro
.duced by Mr.'Barr of Stockton and; were
adopted; ..;-,: '.;''• ; ,::-- \; '[ e
ENGINEEES^ DESIRE;- ;V : ; ,.\.
I Mr ; Barr. then -brought up^the St. 'Louis
Exposition i question. He : read a^ resolu
tion passed: by ; the Sajot .Joaquin 'County
fega'rd f of Supervisors,' ln'Which the^ board
determined, to devote 32CO0 . of jthV Immi
gration fund' to : the county's : exhibit and
to .evy;the'2 per cent- ta'x allowed by law
of a First-Class Experimental
Bill Is Introduced ] for Establishment
'.WASHINGTON,';' Jan. ;il.— At . j the in
stance of {the* Navy Department Senator
Hi\le, ¦ hasjntroduced in. : the Senate a bill
intended Vto ; carry - out' a ; long-cherished
plan; of the naval .epsineersA'especially of
Engineer.' in ; : Chief "MejKrille.^to^: provide
the -f navy' an 'experimental ;. 'plant of ¦; the
hrstcVa'ss, somewhat .'on'.the^lines of -thu
German: naval .^experimental ?.^*plant ' at
Charlottenburg, 'which has been ; of , such
benefit ; to thelGerman' navy: _
"iTheibill provides; 'ah -appropriation ; of J
$400,000 for 'the construction of a. building
at: the Naval Academy, at .; Annapolis "ahrl
.its equipment :• to ' deal' with; engineering i
probiems i "of - value. : and interest r .the
navy which 'cannot^properly be -left to |
¦ private f enterprise to - solve. v_ Much pres- ;
sure vbaS. been!, brought .-t6. bear : on',ithe
Navy/Department, by the -great' manufac
turing ¦ throughout the country
and also by' the sclentiflc colleges .and.
shipbuilders ' to , have ' the • navy
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\VILLEMSTAD, . Curacao, Jan. 11.— It Is
reported that the . Venezuelan , revolution
ary steamship Libertador, ' formerly : the
Ban Righ, which carried Matos* expedi
tion to Venezuela, has sunk the Venezue
lan: gunboat: Zumbador ; off ' the coast of
this island. ..The Libertador carries sev
eral modern rifles. . Before she left Fort
de France, Martinique, armor plates were
placed on her to protect 2 her vital" parts.
It Is known that the Libertador has been
near the coast of Curacao . for : ; several
days. . She successfully landed Matos' ex
pedition, together with munitions of war,
between fivela and Puerto Cab'ello, on the
Venezuelan coast. - •. ; '.- ¦: . ¦
Venezuelan Insurgents are .gathering
and they will soon attack the troops Vof
.the Government. 1 - There Is great indigna
tion against President. Castro. In the Gei>
man colony in' Caracas over the fa£t that
before authorizing : the renewal of traffic
oh .the German railroad ;he urged the di
rectors of the company to f remove Herr
Knoop, the manager. . ; f*. ¦¦>/¦ - - . .
; The British squadron Is expected to ¦ ar
rive at La Guayfa' to-morrow. .The -Dutch
cruiser, Utrecht- la Inspecting- the coast of
Curacao. '"--.. /- ¦ .'.-*:¦*.-¦
Bombs Exploded in Caracas.
Dispatches received here , from Caracas!
: Venezuela, anhpurice.th'at a bomb explode"
ed Tuesday last before the house, of Serior
the Minister of | Finance',
and." that -other^ bombs were exploded In
! different parts. of Caracas. ..'% J;*'I;,' ; -:' ,
: : The political situation -in. Venezuelans
; unchanged. The success of the revolution
'depends entirely;; on the "results lof the
landing of the; adherents of General; Ma T
'tOS. - '. ' •¦'lv.\V;l "¦ ¦ ¦' > .¦'V-,-V:V.'.-' V: ¦ : --\ ¦ '.
' It is reported here that British. war .ves
sels have, received s instructions "to v seize
the ; Venezuelan revolutionary steamer
Libertador (formerly the Ban.'Rlgh) if
they, meet^ her "flying the British flag and
bearing her ; original " name. A steamer
said to be the Libertador was cruising off
this Island last Thursday. Shells said to
have succeeded In landing arms and am
munition all along the'coas't'bf Venezuela:
»'• Guerrilla ; Bands Moving. '
: -It is i further reported that numbers of
; guerrilla bands were moving 'in' the Vene
zuelan States of Falcon and Lara, going
toward designated points of concentration
artd avoiding the Government troops. ; ">,
¦ • President^Castro's warshlps-^the Res
taurador,*' Miranda^arid General 'Crespo— -
which were . sent . In j pursuit of < the Liber
tador, i have" been unable to overhaul her.
; They always 'arrived at sjame place i ; on
;the: coast just "after .the Libertador hai
left it. .The Venezuelan fleet returned to
La Guayra > on 1 ' Tuesday last ; in order to
¦coal. ¦'¦¦ ' ;• • ¦-¦¦¦-'¦ * : .. ¦ '--.'¦'¦¦ "« '¦-¦ .:¦ -,; ¦ ' ' : .: ¦
t V. j . Revolution Is 'Popular. ..v - .- ¦
[ ,The Mendoza . ahdj Fernandez ¦ bands, of
Insurgents in Venezuela . were still with
out arms when' last heard of and were
being pursued : by the j Government troops.
The latter were again ! surrounding La
Victoria. -'. .- ; . • -¦,.;.- . " ¦¦¦_¦'}
; If the Government succeeds In obtaining
possession : of/j the arms and [ ammunition
landed by the' Libertador 'the insurrection'
will be crushed, for during the . past for:'
night the Government of President Castro
has become stronger than ever- Great
preparations 1 are : being made by Castro
to meet the expected general uprising, and
the- result, .is said to be very,- doubtful,"
although" the .:• revolution is popular in
Venezuela.. .
Art outbreak hasoccurred in the state of
Zarnofa. ¦-. • - . '
General -.Vasquez Arrested.
t MANAGUA,' - Nicaragua,. Jan. ll.~Thti
Government of Nicaragua has arrested
General. Vasquez, the forhier President of
Honduras, : en board- the South AmeficaiV
• Steamship -Company's steamer | Tucapel.
The general is charged with attempting to
Incite a in . Central America'
against -i President Zclaya of Nicaragua,'
who; droves General Vasquez ; from the
Presidency jef: Honduras in ; 1S94 'tor the
same -offense. ' .>; ¦ . . - ¦
Warfare, Is Carried to the '. Capital at
' ; Caracas, Where Bombs Are Ex- /
• ; ploded in Different Parts " /. '
;:,:..':¦¦ - O f the i City. ¦•¦'..'-.¦ < -
Overthrow.
President OaBtro Is Doing
' ' His Utmost to Prevent
Preparing for ; an Attack
I r ; Upon Troops' of the -
Government ; !; ,
INSURGENTS
ARE MAKING
SOME GAINS
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY COUNTIES
DECIDE TO MAKE FINE EXHIBIT
AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
G)rrimercial Assodation H^ Meeting Look
ing to a Thorough Exploiktito
, ¦ i and .Variety of Resources*
REVOLUTIONARY STEAMSHIP LIBERTADOR IS REPORTED
TO HAVE SUNK THE VENEZUELAN GUNBOAT ZUMBADOR
! Pages 171b #
PRICE FIVE SCENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, r^JAKUAtRY>^l 2, ;-1902r-FORTY PAGESJ ;
VOLUME XCI.— NO' 43.
Inquiry Into the 1 Collision Between the Steamer and the Bark Max
Gradually Drawing to a Conclusion—Inspectors Examine -
a Number of New Witnesses* ili
OFFICERS OF THE WALLA WALLA
TELL OF HEROIC WORK TO SAVE
PASSENGERS OF ILL-FATED SHIP
The San Francisco Call.
Pages lHo 28In Arkansas vast belts of forest lands
<till lie untouched by the ax of the wood
man.
PAINESVILLE, Ohio, Jan. 11.— The People's
Bank of this city closed to-day on account of
tho suspension of the Euclid Avenue Trust and
Savings Company of Cleveland.
Accuse Treasurer of Embezzlement.
CONCORDIA, Kans., Jan. .11.— E. A.
Patterson, ex-City Treasurer of Clyde,
was found guhty to-day in the District
Court of embezzling {5000 of the city's
money. The < money was collected from
tbe Clyde "joints" as license payments
and turned over to Patterson as Treas
urer. He contended that the city re
ceived the money illegally and could pot
therefore hold him accountable for it. ¦
Family Escapes Through Flames.
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich.. Jan. 11.—
The home of Henry Flaunt was destroyed
by fire early to-day and the eleven in
mates barely escaped with their lives.
Kour members of the family were horri
bly burned in making their escape from
the house, their passage being through a
mass of flames. A 10-year-old boy saved
his life by jumping from a second-story
window. An explosion of a lamp was the
cause of the fire.
MILITABY ACADEMY
NOW UNDER INSPECTION
WEST POINT, , N. Y., Jan. ll.-The
members of Congress and army officers
delegated to make an inspection of West
Point buildings and grounds arrived to
day. They were met at the railroad sta
tion by Colonel Mills, the commandant,
Adjutant General. Rivers and a detach
ment of cavalry. A salute of seventeen
guns was fired and the committee was
conveyed to the academy building. ¦• *
The delegation consists of General Cor
bin, his assistants, Colonels Carter, Bar
ry and Johnson; Senators Hawley of Con
necticut, Scott of West Virginia and
Quarles of Wisconsin, and Representa
tives Dick of Ohio, Parker "of New.Jer
sey, Sulzer otNew York, Slayden'of Tex
as, Prince of Illinois, Stevens of Minne
sota, Esch of ."Wisconsin, Broussard of
Mississippi, Ketcham of New York, ¦ Ca
pron of Rhode Island, Brisk of Maryland.
Rodney of New Mexico and Snodgrass" of
Tennessee.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE: PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in Postal Service and
Army and Navy Orders
"... Issued, t
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1L— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmaster commissioned: Califor
nia—Carrie A. Shirley, Amedee. Post
master appointed: California— John
Blake. Kramer, San Bernardino County,
vice Mary L. Sutherland, resigned.
This army/ order was Issued: Second
Lieutenant W. W. White, Thirteenth In
fantry, is ordered to duty with recruits'
sent from Columbus Barracks, Ohio, via
San Francisco to the Philippines. Navy
orders— Assistant Paymaster E. T. Hoopes
Is ordered to the Naval Hospital at Yoko
hama. Japan, via the Doric, sailing from
San Francisco. February 15, thence to
duty on the Asiatic station. . •
These pensions were granted: California
—Increased— Julius J. Comstock, Santa
Monica, ?12. . .
Washington— Increase— Georje Jones,
Anacortes,*$10. .. , . ' >
LONDON, Jan. 1L— The manager of one
of the largest trans-Atlantic lines was
asked by* a Call correspondent to-day if
he expected an unusual number of Amer
icans to be present in London at' the time
of the coronation of King Edward. He
said:
"No. By "May I fear we shall have such
a smallpox scare and epidemic that Lon
don will be in quarantine when King Ed
ward is crowned."
That this is by no means a' pessimistic
forecast is evidenced by the fact that tho
line referred to began this week to hava
the crews of its ships vaccinated prior to
leaving London for New York. Other lines
are following its example, fearing ' that
any day the American authorities may
place London shipping under an embargo
on account of smallpox. The vaccination
of the crews is only a preliminary to the
same operation in the- case of passengers,
tbe English shipping firms or agent* hav
ing no desire to undergo the. financial loss
which would be involved yby the detention
of vessels having on. board unvaccinated
passengers or crews. In this respect the
shipping interests are ahead of the United
States Consulate, which up to the present
has taken no steps to protect health at
the home ports.
Alarming Precautions.
On all sides in the United Kingdom
alarming precautions are on foot to deal
with the outbreak. The total of smallpox
cases in London now amounts to only
about 900, but the cases are so scattered
that they create the greatest anxiety.
Medical men point out that the danger
lies 'not so much in the proportion to the
population as In the proportion to the
usual smallpox figures of the metropolis,
which generally scarcely amount to a
score per annum. i
London's laboratories are all phenome
nally busy in turning out lymph, thou
sands of tubes of which are dally sup
plied, but even so the demand cannot be
met. Almost all of the large firms are
ordering their employes to be vaccinated.
Corporations are appropriating sums for
the erection of smallpox additions to the
hospitals, while several -steamers . have
been purchased in London for the accom
modation- of the present and expected pa
tients. Expert opinion prophesies that
the epidemic will not reach its height un
til May. The effect of such a condition of
things on the coronation, international
business and English trade ia almost in
calculable.
Seamen Not in Danger.
NEW .YORK, Jan. 11.— In steamship cir
cles the opinion was freely expressed to
day that the report from London regard
ing the fear of an epidemic of smallpox
there during the coming spring and sum
mer is. exaggerated. So far as steamship
crews are concerned no apprehension .is
felt. Smallpox, it was said, is exceedingly
rare among the sailors of the trans-Atlan
tic lines, because it is the regular custom
to have ail members of the crews vacci
nated before they are allowed. to enter
upon their duties on board the steamers.
Deal With the Outbreak That
May Soon Become
Epidemic. -
Alarming- Precautions Arc on Foot to
Nine Hundred Scattered
tients Are Causing Con
siderable Anxiety.
Prospect of a Quarantine
"When King Edward
Is Crowned.
MANY CASES
OF SMALLPOX
IN LONDON
A Letter From Chicago.
¦¦/,,•; • CHICAGO, Jan. . 5, 1902.
Mr. H. Lesser, San Francisco: '.
Dear Sir: As per agreement we have
this day, sent to your address by . freight
25 w.i cases of clothing. Inclosed sou will
find Invoice. Hoping you will be able to
dispose of the same in quick time, |
We remain yours -truly.
'¦-!¦¦ : ¦¦¦, ADLER & SONS. .
This ¦ letter -was received' yesterday ¦ by
Mr. H., Lesser from Adler & Sons.-.whole
6aleclothrag 'manufacturers of > Chicago.
In;the ordlnar-.way.it takes 20 days for
goods, to, arrive from; Chicago, which will
place ,' them . here about the 25th of ' this
present, month. It is the 5 intention to
place them at 915 Market St.. which place
wlH-in^the future be 'known '.as the Ly
ceum,Clothing. Co." Now, in order to make
room ! . for this large r stock t of '. clothing
everything else must "and ; will I be got rid
of. at any cost. To-morrow, and every day
thereafter : the ) Monarch,; in going out ; of
existence, -will eell men's "suits for $1.13,
men's hats S5c,boys\ knee pants 10c. boys'
waists-for 15c. men's collars 5c. men's
hose 5c rieece lined underwear, worth $1.00
a suit for 20c a garment: Mind, you,, this
all-must be' sold before 'the Lyceum
Clothing Co. makes -its -debut with tho
Adler. clothing at 915 Market St., opposite
Mason. , ; / : .- . -\ :•¦¦
LONDON. Jan.- 11.— The British "War
Office I is confronted with a most serious
condition of affairs. Its calls for volun
teers to relieve tho regiments at the front
have so far met with absolutely no re
sponse and have served to intensify the
widespread Indignation existing among all
the volunteer regiments.
In : the first place volunteers answering
the call would only receive a shilling a
day, while the yeomanry, in which many
volunteers have already enlisted, receive
5 shillings a day. The only solution for
the deadlock appears to be for the War
Office to introduce conscription or with
draw: the new .regulations. These have
stirred up strife to an extent which has
not existed for many a year between the
Government officials and the volunteer
arm of the service and, according to many
high officials,' will bankrupt a majority of
the regiments.- ' • •
According to the new rules every regi
ment must go into camp for one week
each year and the Government grant will
be. reduced; In proportion t to the number
of absentees from the company. The vol
unteer* commanders • say it Is impossible
to get more than 40 per cent of the men
together tha same week, so< different' are
the occupations of the volunteers. In ad
dition the -War Office refused|to recognize
drills which are not attended by a per
centage of men which It , has hitherto
been found quite impossible to attain and
imposes battalion parades of «u«h
Special Dispatch^ to The 'Call.
LONDON. Jan. 11.— News from Canada
that Marconi has decided to remain 1 longer
than was expected in the Dominion, with
a, hope of negotiating with the Canadian
Government for the privilege ! of an At-;
lantic station and transcontinental con
nection, has caused ;a further stir in tel«
graph and cable circles, i His 'company Is
making all preparations: to begin conclu
sive experiments as soon as possible. Pow
erful apparatuses being manufactured for
erection. on the other side of the Atlantic.
Cutnbert ' Hall, manager of . the . Marconi
Company, says that Marconi's-experi
ments had proved everything- -desired;
that it is now only a question of appa
ratus, which resolves Itself into a simple
question of time. - • . ' -
: , -. Hall stated to-day that experiments had
proved that, with tremendous power gene
rated by apparatus ; employed J for trans-
Atlantic communication, there is- practl
k»- * n ? dan ,ser that; communication will
nrnnf J° y ifi d v y outside influences. As
V£*la J£l l l; he sald the station ¦ at the
lizard, which- operates wsth a; very pow
wnrkw"*^ 1 ' la not at a11 ' affected by the
»S wl"f ' k i °" e ; 0 ' the ordinary ' stations
Xnt ¦- wi»h^ ed about •¦ 8even " llle3 dlR 
w?a r lth^ hes «vordinary. stations they
J a a . d , n * en a , bl ? successfully to communl
no h««u dIst . ance of 326 miles: He had
no hesitancy in saying that with* the ; in-
Convicted Men Lightly Sentenced.
HELENA^. Mont., ? Jan. 1L— Robert E.
Lee and Samuel, Garvin, who were, con
victed recently in the Federal court of
the larceny of 704« head of cattle belong
ing to the Crow Indians, were to-day sen
tenced to one year each in the peniten
tiary and to pay a fine of J10OO each. Both
men would have been given a heavier sen
tence had the court been certain under
which statute they were prosecuted. Ow
ing: to the failure of the United State?
District Attorney to make plain under
what statute the men^were indicted ami
prosecuted Judge Knowles said he was
compelled to adopt that statute -which
provided the lighter penalty.
DALLAS. Texas, Jan. ¦ 11.— Granvllle P.
Meade of Fort Worth has been appointed by
the Federal Court receiver ' of - tha Standard
Light and Power Company at Dallas upon ap
plication of the General Klectric' Company of
New York. The - amount ¦ involved exceeds
?00,O0O." - "¦ y m . ¦ : .
British < Army Officials
Can Obtain No.
Volunteers.
Powerful Apparatus Be
ing Made for Wire- •
v , less Work.
MARCONI PLANS
GREATER TESTS
strength that there Is no drill - hall or
drill ground In London large enough to
enable the battalions to maneuver.
Among those who condemn the new reg
ulations is Colonel Balfour; a brother of
the Cabinet Minister. A. J. Balfour, who
commands the: London Scots. Tiie mat
ter will be r brought to the . attention of
Parliament and if the order of War Sec
retary Brodrick Is not amended, the vol
unteer force, so the colonel; of; one of
London's strongest regiments saya, will
dwindle to nothing. .In the meantime the
War Office is still waiting anxiously for
an answer to the call - for troops for ser
vice in South Africa. v
creased power of perfected V apparatus,
wireless messages across - tho > Atlantic
would be an assured fact. " '-
It. was pointed, out to him 'that' in the
case of the Herald's Nantucket lightship
Station communication was not always as
satisfactory as mlghtbe, deslred.Vand *io
was ' asked howv, this could be explained,
in view of the fact that his company had
had no such trouble in communicating at
a much greater; distance.. His reply was
that; owing to constant change in the dis
tance between the receiving station and
the steamship sending messages, the ad
justment of the-instruments was exceed
ingly difficult to' maintain, .whereas be
tween two fixed points this difficulty is
obviated. , -
TOMMY ATKINS
WEARIES OF WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'tALL, SUNDAY; JTANUABY 12. 1902.'
18
Miss Mabel II. Ellis.
Dan A. Grosvenor
of Ohio.
General Debility
Day in and out there is that feeling o*
weakness that makes a burden of Itself.
Food does not strengthen."
: . „ Sleep does not refresh.
'It Is hard to do, hard to bear, what
should be easy,— vltaUty Is on the ebb. and
the whole system suffers.
( For this condition take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
. ?}} V 18 or S ans ""I Sanctions, and 13
¦sagffiigasgs;* •" "-^^ «
iiOOD*» Hlli CUT. en««tlt»ti ff n 2ft n^^m_""
A Host Remarkable Remedy -That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
SENT FREE TO MEN!
to All Who Write.
:. ¦ ' •
A Free Trial Packa?8 Sent by Mail
'• Free- trial packages o£ a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to. distribute /free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and- all men . who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
6tringl.h and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emapiation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. , : . .;
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it la needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an, absolute success In
all cases. A request to -the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire- one
of their free trial packages, will: be com-
plied with promptly.- The Institute ia de-
birous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to 'leave ; home; to- be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it Is to be cured of
sexual • weakness when" the | proper .reme-
dies are employed. . The ; Institute: makes
no restrictions. -Any. man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed In
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment \ or \ pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. •• - . .
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Mrs. A. S. Tipple.
Mrs. tV. B. Krauae.
Gen. J. V. Wright
of . Tennessee.
can cheerfully recommend It to all who
may be suffering with catarrh. Peruna
is a good medicine to keep In the house,
and when one feels a little off a few doses
will tone up the system and do one good—
Peruna is the medicine for catarrh.'^
' £* ISAAC THOMPSON.
Hon. W. V. Sullivan, United States
Senator from Mississippi, in a letter re-
cently written to Dr. Hartman, says the
? » i « » « « » ».»«»! following of Pe-
. . . , , runa as a catarrh
' , remedy:
' ! "For some time
B5a^ K * r I have been a
mrift ¦ \ eufferer from ca-
jy j> fjt i tarrh in its in-
I *v9T dsst* (52 ' ciplent stage, so
1 It 1^1 " much so that I
>C A I 'became alarmed
X *£»*&{ as to my general
_^/Jvt^y^lft ' health. But he.ar-
V////A vUiX7 " ing of Peruna as
///jM< "=*"JV a good remedy, I
Jjgffi^T J§^ " £ ave u a fair
HvtiRk' 'ultfTifl ,' trial and soon be-
' *^ KSKZf^prM '///?*} " B a n to improve.
AW7Y0 ¦'& ¦ Its effects were
1 : - m . ¦ ? distinctly bene-
' xt«t, tit tt c,liii^o« ? cial, removing
' H °?t Jo^tLi D> the annoy ing
, .-. ¦ U. S. Senator. n symptoms, .and
1 i -¦-'-. i . . ' ' "was particularly
.•:•••••• •••••• t g 00) j as a tonic.
" "I take pleasure in recommending your
great national catarrh cure, Peruna, as
the best I have ever tried." ¦ -
. . , . W. V. SULLIVAN.
Hon. J. Courtney Hixson, ex-United
States Consul at4 » » • » * • • • • • • •¦,,
Foo Chow. Chiniu ' j£f$^*?t&^. '
0 f Washington, \ J§&&^*^te
D. C, says the i Pgf
"I join with ?• Jj <5^ G§ a
ray distinguished' I,TM -¦ " J "
f r i e nd, General [ ' IlOL jmS^L. '
Wheeler, of my,, H\\v6^^^*3ra ' !
State, in recom- f\\\\wl(|a|SW ' > ¦ ', !• ¦
mending your- \\vf^^,W5w
preparation. Pe- jrMj&^J&kJ •"
runa. Frlend3 / L t (t^^m^. '
who have used ItllfWgl \\
recommend it as i T?r^
an excellent .« '• |
tonic and particu- k Hon. J. C Hixson,
larly good as a ¦ Consul to China. ;
catarrh cure." 1<ittni nm{
_ J. COURTNEY HIXSON.
Hon. H. W. Ogden, Congressman from
Louisiana, in a letter written at Wash-
1 »..»..» . . . . » a ington. D. C.V
\ ' says the follow-
\ S~&*^&i ! ?k,, >the natl °nal ca-
, iSSlt T^Sm ? tiously reco m-
.,,' jy,^ **??7 ,,mend your. Peru-
¦' I La\ ft* , na as a fine tonic
' MBSa friJ> and all round
WcfS vfc.* , Pood medicine to
Wwfc* JtfSb. ' tnos e who are in
Jr\L y^WsS& '" " eed ° f a catarrh
!!been commended
' , to m« by- people
_ s" ¦ r .- , .who have used it
Congressman Ogden, , as a'remedy par-
", of Louisiana. Ttlcularly' effec-
' ' •; Ttive in th'e cure
? """ '«'of catarrh. : , For
membranes are ; consequently strength-
ened, thus protecting the person from the
bad effects of a changeable climate. This
is why some people do not have catarrh.
Miss Mabel H.
Ellis, president
of the Woman's
Athena Club,
Trout Creek,
Mich., says:
"I suffered for '
three years with
chronic catarrh
of the bronchial
tubes and found
no relief unti I '
tried Peruna.
"Seven weeks' '
constant use of
Peruna cured me
permanently."
MA3
Mrs. "W. B. Kra
MOST WINTER ILLS: COUGHS, COLDS AND LA GRIPPE ARE TYPES OF CATARRH,
The above map has been carefully com-
piled from United States documents by
The Pe-ru-na Medicine Company of Co-
lumbus, Ohio. The figures were taken
from the ¦ latest mortal statistics pub-
lished by the> Government and entirely
agree with . the archives kept at The
Hartman Sanitarium.
The map Is made in four shades. The
lightest shade shows the. States which
have the lowest per cent of deaths . due
to catarrhal diseases. In these States very
close to 42 per cent of all deaths In 1890
were due to catarrhal diseases. That Is
to say, . four out of every ten deaths were
from catarrhal affections. < ¦ . '
In the States. of next darker shade the
per cent varies from 42 to 45. In the next
darker ehade 45 to 48 per cent of the whole
number of-deaths resulted from catarrhal'
diseases. In the darkest shade we have
Indicated the States in which over 50 per
cent, or one-half or more, of all the
deaths were directly traceable to catarrh
as the cause. - • . .-.-¦-.-.- ; . -.
\ This is an appalling state of affairs.
This nation has got to confront the
fact that catarrh has 1 become a na-
, tioncfl.^ curse. £ : ¦ ' Qatarrhfll | diseases
threaten the' fife of our' people. ¦ Over
Qne-half of the suffer from
some form or degree ' of catarrh.
Fully thirty-five million people are
personally interested in the discover/
of a radical catarrh curs. j ¦:¦•¦•.
Hon. Dan A. Grosvenor, of the well-
known Ohio fam-
ily, in a letter
written from
Washington, D.
C, says:
"Allow " me to
express my grati-
tude to you for
the benefit de-
rived from i one
bottle of Peruna:
One" week has
brought wonder-
ful changes and
I am as well now
as ever. Besides
being one of the
very best spring
ton'.cs it is an ex-
cellent ; catarrh
remedy." - ¦•
DAN A. GROVENOR.
Mr. J. C. Metcalf , 3S2S Elmwood avenue,
Chicago, 111., writes: ¦ ¦
* "I am 72 years old, have been troubled
with catarrh of the throat and stomach
a great deal and have tried almost every
kind of medicine, but none have done me
so much good as Peruna. . I was a traveler
ing salesman for twenty-seven- years and
this is' the cause of. my trouble. ¦• To-day I
am feeling better than I have for. the past
ttve years. I can heartily, recommend Pe-
runa to all who suffer, from like diseases
as a sure and complete cure." .
: T • " •- J. CMETCALF.'
Mr. t Isaac Thompson, Monkland. Or.,
writes:- >• ¦.¦••«- - - ?¦ .
"I take .great pleasure in acknowledg-
ing the curative effects of Peruna. I suf-
fered for fifteen years with catarrh and
by the'use.of five bottles of Peruna, taken
according to directions, I am cured and
Ask your druggist for a free ¦ Pe-ru-na Almanac.
Every druggist has them.
REr-RU-NA RESTORES 200^000 CATARRH VICTIMS EACH^E&R.
ELEN ELLIS.
f Port "Washing-
ton. "WI3., in a
recent letter to
Dr. S. B. Hart-
man, says:
"Tour " ' Peruna
has cured. my ca-
tarrh and" suffer-
ing which I had
In my back' ahvl
bearing- down
pains. I am .very
thankf ul , f or F*-
runa. as - It has
¦ cured me wherfe
1 other medicines
have failed./!
will always spea'x
1 a erood word for
Peruna."
MRS. W.- B. KRAUSE.
A great many remedies .for temporary
:lief have been devised from time to
me. such as sprays, snuffs, creams and
ther local applications, but, as a rule,
tie medical profession has little or no
enthusiasm in the treatment of catarrh.
:t.»ls generally pronounced by them to be
nicurable. It therefore created a great
sensation in medical circles when Dr.
Hartman \ announced that he had de-
vised a. compound which would cure ca-
tarrh permanently. Th© remedy was
named Pe-ru-na, and In a short time be-
came known to thousands of catarrh suf-
ferers North, South, East and West.
• Letters testifying to the fact that Pe-
runa is a radical cure for catarrh began
to . pour in from all directions. Thou-
sands of such letters are on file In the
office of the Pe-ru-na Medicine Company.
These letters are not used for publication
except by the- express wish of the writer.
A pamphlet filled with such letters will
be sent to any address free. .This book
should be read by all who doubt the curt
ability of catarrh.
* If you do not receive prompt and aatls-.
factory results from the use of Peruna,'
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case, and ha win
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-,
vice gratia.
Address . Dr. Hartman, -President of
The Hartman Sanitarium, .Columbus.
Ohio. . . fJ .' '^i
those who need a good catarrh medicine I
know of nothing better."
H. W. OGDEN.
Mr. J. Orpe, corner Twenty-seventh and
Market streets, Galveston. Texas, writes:
"I was afflicted with a case of chronic
catarrh of twenty years' standing:. I had
been partially deaf on the j left side for
twelve years. Six months ago I had to be
propped up In bed at night and He on my
side for fear of choking. I did not think
I could be cured. I began taking Peruna,
however, and now believe myself perfect-
ly cured. My breathing is thoroughly
free and easy, and I cannot too highly
recommend your remedies." J. ORPE.
Hon. John V. "Wright, Law Depart-
ment, General Land Office of Tennessee,
In a letter written from Washlngrton, D.
C., says the fol-
lowing of Peru-
na for catarrh:
"I have used Pe-
runa in my fam-
ily and. can cheer-
fully recommend
it as being all
you represent and
wish . every one
who is suffering
with catarrh,
general debility
or pros tration
could know of it.
I would advise all
such to take It in
time and forestall
the terrible con-
sequences. I re-
gard it as a most
luable remedy, and most cheerfully rec-
inraend it" . - JOHN V. WRIGHT
The women recommend Peruna also,
'he following are testimonials from
thankful women, prominent in society and
business, who use Peruna:
Mrs. Jane Gift of Hebbardsrille, Ohio
writes: . " . '
"I think I would have been dead long
ago had it not been for Peruna. I have
used It in my family for coughs and colds
and la grippe. I would not be without it
In the house. I really think that it has
added years to my life."
MRS. JANE GIFT
Mrs. A. S. Tipple. 148. Linden avenue,
Minneapolis, Minn., writes as follows:
"Last winter in
taking a journey
In very severe
weather I caught
a cold which set-
tled on my lungs,'
developing a se-
vere case of ca-
tarrh of the res-
piratory organs.
My family physi-
c i a n gave me
only temporary
relief, when : my
son advised me
to try Peruna. I
sent for a bottl*
and in two days
the cough had
nearly disappear-
ed, and within a
week I felt bet-
ter than ever." •
¦¦„ . < . , MRS. A. S. TIPPLE.
Catarrh Is a, systemic disease of cli-
matic and nervous origin. With Peruna
the nerves become strong and the mucoua
ADVEBTISE3OENTS.
Unprecedented Reduction in Prices. I
"We Have Been Appointed Sole Agents for the Famous f|
JENNESS IVDLLEft 1
$3.50 SHOES. J
We Have Ordered $100,000 Worth of These Shoes, and in Order 9
to Slake Boom for Them [a
We Must Close Out All Our 1
Surplus Stock at a Sacrifice! §
This Is No Sale of Old, Cut-of -Style, Shop-Worn Goods. J3
Every Shoe Offered Is Stylish and Dp=to=Date! I
2fo Trouble to fit and please oar customers, as our store is the Q
largest and best lighted and our stock the most varied and com- PS
plete in San Francisco. We have all the best makes and latest styles §j
. SALE COAfimENGES S
TOMORROW! I
Terms of Sale Strictly liet Cash — No Goods Charged. jjj
NOTICE TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. |
* ANT GOODS NOT EXACTLY AS REPRESENTED MAY BE RETURNED AT 9
our EXPENSE AND TI|E MONEY WILL BE REFUNDED. . M
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. i
NOLAN BROS.,
812-814 IVSarket Street, 1
Pheian Building. • Near Grant Ave. J|
\ : ','_, .:¦•'•¦„¦;...¦ V/ % .; • :. ./¦ -¦'¦-"' '"-¦-•"¦ . '^ADVERTISEMENTS. '¦ - ' ¦ '. ,_:*___
llHoof 20 deaths from catafrfi> wW9t Catarrh of liver.
Ill 1 9 of 40 deaths from catarrh
Friedimn' g e' I
Seeing these « I
Will convince you that you want some of them.
They arc attractively made up of short lengths of j
carpet left from choice patteimof Tapestry, Velvet, |
Body Brussels and Axminsters — some of the sizes: [
TapeStry 6 feet by 3 feet 8 inches for : 3.9Q
TapeStry jg feet by 8 feet 3 inches | |.4Q I
VelVetS 9 feet by 6 feet 3 inches 4.85 1
VelVetS 8 feet 6 inches x 8 feet 3 inches 10i85 I
Body Brussels 9 &* b> 6 feet 8 .10 §
Body Brussels 9 *«* b y 9 feet for 13.95 I
AXnijnSterS 6 feet by 6 feet 3 inches 5.60 I
Axminsters 7 ft. 2 in. b y 5 ft. 9 in. 9.45 I
\ many other shapes and sizes at proportionate prices §
TnPT^Iti Car P ct » 5 to 20 yard §
XiX O pieces; No charge for <J O i
sewing, lining and laying if you furnish measure- |
ments and take all the piece. 50 to 95 c. grades, i
Good patterns for bedrooms, alcoves, children's 1 i
and servant's rooms, attics, side and back halls 35 C. |
J\o CyT\r\f\ ArtIc!e . sasthcre isin the store among those i
x J r that have been reduced, In the. Furniture De- S
partment. borne we have but one set or piece of the pattern, or a sets that 1
the holiday rush -broke into. Many have availed themselves of the-:B i
opportunity, as you may, to advantage. Prices in plain figures. . |
««The Credit House." Six Stories High. > I
233 235 237 Post Street/ Phone Prioate 37. jCoaling: Station at the Sound.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1L— Three hun
dred thousand dollars is the estimated
cost of the proposed coaling statidn to be
erected at Puget Sound navy yard, plans
for which have been completed. The
Bureau of Yards and Docks hfijj In Its
possession the sum of $128,000 toward the
construction of the coaling station. That
bureau proposes to enter Into a contract
for the erection of a coaling 6hed and ap
purtenances to cost about $112,500 and for
dredging to cost $13,500.
THE Pacific Coast, and especially
California, may be congratulated
on the personnel of the board of
trustees chosen by Andrew Carne
gie to direct the affairs of the
Carnegie Institution at Washington,, for
which the steel magnate has just given
$10,000,000. President Daniel C. Gllman, one
of the trustees and Mr. Carnegie's most
trusted adviser on matters pertaining to
this foundation, is in sympathy with Cali
fornia thought and interests, having been
president of the University of California
before he went East to make Johns Hop
kins great. D. O. Mills, though accred
ited to New York in the geographical
distribution of the trusteeships, knows
California and her people. '.
The particular representative of the
coast, however, is Judge W. W. Morrow
of the United States Circuit Court. The.
appointment was an eminently fitting one
as well as a marked honor to California
and to the appointee. Judge Morrow a
judicial duties brings him into close touch
with the people of all the vast territory
of his circuit, which includes California,
(Oregon," Washington, Nevada, Arizona,
Alaska and the Hawaiian Islands. In his
travels from city to city where the Circuit
Court convenes he meets the leaders of
the bar, prominent educators and the men
who are advancing the material prosper
ity of the Pacific Coast States. Few men
would have so good an opportunity as he
to become truly representative of - this
western empire on the board of trustees
of the new institution of learning.
Judge Morrow Makes Reply.
Judge Morrow received' Mr. Carnegie's
Invitation to become a trustee of the Car
negie Institution two weeks ago.. He re
plied that he was In hearty, sympathy
with the purposes of the proposed, founda
tion and felt honored by appointment to
the I board of trustees. He formally ac
cepted and pledged himself to give every
service required of him to advance the
interests of the institution.
The reply of Judge Morrow was prob
ably the, last to reach Mr. Carnegie, on
account of the distance, for immediately
upon Its receipt last Wednesday Mr. Car-
Patrick Ryan Disappears.
Patrick ; Ryan, employed as '. a guard at
the Spring Valley Water Company's res
ervoir near the. Almshouse, disappeared
yesterday. His hat and coat were found
near the reservoir and it is feared .that
he fell In ' and was drowned. } Ryan was
about 50 years of age and had a family re
siding at 411 Clementina street.
•»• ; : ; —
negle announced the complete board
trustees. • *.
The men chosen by the philanthropist to
direct the affairs of the institution repre
sent a remarkable diversity of walks in
life and a careful geographical distribu
tion. There is an eminent educator, a
diplomat, a Senator, a Supreme Court
Justice, a Circuit Judge, a great surgeon,
men great in various. departments of In
dustry, and so on through the list, with
scarcely two men whose lives ¦ have fol
lowed similar channels. The eminence of
the men selected' gives guarantee of "able
management. Mutual acquaintance, also,
will insure the early attainment of har
monious action in the board itself. ..
Knows All But Four Trustees.
- Judge : Morrow,** the farthest away ~ of
any of the -trustees;* is ¦>• personally "ac
quainted with all .but four - of them,
Charles I*. Hutchinson, Henry L.' Hlggin
son, William N., Frew and Henry Hitch
cock being the only members he has not
met. - •••; ' ¦'• ¦ ¦> ;- ' * ¦' - . '. .:. ¦•¦ •¦ -
The first meeting of the trustees will be
held January 29 . in "Washington, t Judgo
Morrow, will attend. He expects to leave
for "Washington soon after the -wedding-,
next' Wednesday, of his- daughter, Miss
Eleanor Morrow, and Lieutenant Roose
velt of the United States marine corps, j
The Carnegie Institution Is not to be a
university. 'Its founder desires to .pro
mote original research and the application
of new thought, to the advancement of
science, art and Industry, s The practical,
the material," is apparently to be given
more prominence than is learning for
learning's sake. In this ' fact , the edu
cators," who have been' leaders ; in -the
movement for a "Washington . memorial
university, find reason for the j hope that
the Carnegie Institution will not -usurp
the field, but will leave room. for a great
national university commemorative of the
father of his country, to which the schol
ars of the country will flock for the best
that America has to offer in the various
departments of pure science, art and let
ters. - ¦ .'¦--'..
CALIFORNIA JURIST CHOSEN
A TRUSTEE OF. THE CARNE
GIE INSTITUTION.
; TXCSON. Ariz., Jan. 11.— R. H. Raphael of
Los Angeles to-day closed a deal by which he
agrees to erect atmodern hotel here at a cost
ottioa.000. Work will betfn at once. •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11— The effect of
wireless telegraphy on the future of the
submarine cable was developed to some
extent to-day by the House Committee
on Commerce in connection with the
hearing on the proposed Pacific cable.
The hearing was largely attended."
Vice President Ward of the Pacific Ca
ble Company continued his statement of
yesterday. He said he believed that the
company he represented would be able io
make exclusive traffic arrangements from
points beyond the Philippines and con
necting with China and Japan. He main
tained that while there was no purpose to
set up a monopoly, yet it was likely his
company would have exclusive traffic ar
rangements with the Far Kast. He also
stated that there would be Questions us
to the rignt of. the United States to land
a cable on foreign shores.
Representative atewart of New Jersey
Interposed tne statement that Germany's
present course against Venezuela snowed.
mat the German Government made little
distinction between imuiic anu private
rights, so that a Government cabie sta
tion wouia iiave about tne same status
tus a private station.
' cuuiima.u hepuurn asked a series of
questions us to tne effect of wireless tei
tgrajjiiy on the submarine cable. Ward,
replica that tne new system presented a
serious question., he .was not sure tnat
tne ir'acluc cabie project would have been
undertaKen it the lung-distance experi
ments had been held earner, as to the
claims tnat. wire less signals had been con
veyed 2uuO miles across the Atlantic, Ward
sau that if tne claims were mau« good
tney would deter people irom laying any
more cables. When asked as to tne et
lect thus tar on the cable business, Ward
said it had depressed cable interests.-
Stewart wanted to know If tne "cable
companies had not chaseu Marconi out
Oi. Canada," to «*»«-». Ward answered
that he believed the cable companies had
insisted upon certain exclusive rlgnts
tney held.
James Foord stated that the Asiatic As
sociation, doing business in tne Orient,
lavored private control. It was opposed
to the Government entering the field of
private enterprise. President Scrymser
of the South and Central American cable
system made an extended argument fa
vorable to Government control of the Pa
cilic cable, citing incidents of the Span
ish-American war showing the impor
tance of governmental control of the ca
ble. In one case cited the Spanish Min
ister of Marine cabled Admiral Cervera
to leave Santiago. If this dispatch had
not been intercepted, Scrymser said, the
battle of Santiago Bay would not have
been fought and the conduct of the war
might have been changed. -
Thomas E. Hughes, representing an
American company which produces cable,
stated that as good cables could be made
in the United States as in any other part
of the world, and he asked that American.
labor and capital have the advantage of
doing this work. Chairman Hepburn
asked If this American company was pre
pared to make a definite business propo
sition to the United States Government.
Hughes replied that such a proposition
would be submitted in due form within
the next two days. Hepburn asked that
the formal proposition be in alternative
form— first, for delivering a . cable • of
American make at San Francisco; second,
for making and laying the cable to Ha
waii, Guam and Manila. Hughes thought
the Government better able to do its own
cable-laying, using the artay transports.
As indicating the general character of
the forthcoming proposition, Hughes said
the cost would be within 10 per cent of
that stated as the cost of the Pacific
Commercial Company's cable. The addi
tional 10 per cent, he stated, was for the
protection of American industry
.Francis B. Thurber, president of the
Lnited States Export Association, favored
private construction as most likely to
&ess woHdf 1 Cal ? e ¦^"taga.-to ; the
i.J n t J5 e I , course o*'* statement by Wil
liam Collom of. New York, a director of
the Pacific Commercial Cable Company,
he said the company, after, laying- the
cable across the Pacific, stood ready to
sell It at any time to the United States
Government at an appraised valuation.
Wireless Telegraphy Up
sets Plans 'of Big
Companies.
CABLE OWNERS
FEAR DISASTER
Faro Case Set for Hearing.
"Patsy" Carroll, Edward Sutton. Walter
J. Lane and Charles Stickney. alias Fa
genbush, charged with grand larceny for
swindling A. Miller, the Nome hotel man,
out of $1500 at faro, was called lrvJudga
Cabaniss' court ' yesterday. "By consent
the preliminary hearing was set for next
Friday afternoon.
Electrical Trimmers' Dance.
The Electrical; Trimmers'; '.Union gave a
social Mast; night in Fellows' j Hall.
The hall % was | handsomely "decorated, : and
in ''.addition" to the "•; profuse bunting and
evergreens ¦ displayed . about "> the interior,
the .trimmers t introduced .. some • innova
tions in *; electrical '¦. devices ' which added
much to*. the attraction. ;;•¦ ¦
i\Thes following, members of the union
were '. intrusted * with the --. arrangements :
i R.* D. ; Bennett,' B. J. 1 ; McSheehy,- B. Shen
enbrook,-A. H.- Bahr. -Floor manager.: A.
H." Bahr. - Floor committee, "William Pol
lak;'A. 1 E.'iDrendel,::E.i Schlessinger, "1,
Levy, A. vUblow, ' Theo • Gatze* : :
Judge Cabaniss Holds That He Acted
in : Self -Defense When Ho
Struck Vivian Cowan.
Trie preliminary examination of Cornel
ius. Williams on a charge of murder was
held yesterday afternoon and after hear
ing ; the evidence '• Judge - ¦ Cabaniss , dis
missed the case on : the ground that the
defendant acted In self-defense. \
Williams- and /Vivian' Cowan were coal
teamsters and on Christmas day fought
at the stables: at -417' Ninth' street. ; They
were separated -. by Mortimer . Fitzgerald
and ."Williams went to attend to his. team.
He was afterward struck on the shoulder
with a shovel Dy Cowan,' Williams grap
pled with ¦ Cowan and took ¦ the ' shovel
from him.- Cowan then 'rushed, upon .Wil
liams with a heavy piece of scantling and
,Willlams defended himself with the shov
el.' • Several = blows . were struck ¦ by ' both
combatants till -finally Cowan .was knock
ed down., Just then 'Williams' team start
ed to run and. it; is thought that 1 one«of
the ; horses stepped on Cowan's prostrate
body.* Cowan only lived a few hours.
MTTBDEB CHABGE AGAINST
V' WILLIAMS IS; DISMISSED
iTrank Holt, a trusty at Alcatraz, serv
ing thirteen years for desertion,; cleverly
escaped from; the island yesterday morn
ing in a large : wooden box. , Edward P.
Timmons, .who was released from Alca
traz about the time that Holt escaped, is
being detained by the local police as an
accomplice. '-_.,\ / . " : ,
To accomplish his. escape. Holt Xorged
, the. name of Charles Zuschlag, a private
in charge of the stables, to an order for
the removal of the box in which he con
cealed himself . to the Government boat
McDowell, 'which was lying alongside the
Island. It is thought that after the box
was placed aboard the boat Holt crawled
into it and did not emerge from his place
of concealment until the vessel neared the
Clay-street wharf. .
As he was dressed in a soldier's uni
form he ' experienced no difficulty in
anghting ' from - the boat along with a
number of soldiers : who j were on a visit
to this city.- .
The box in which Holt made his escape
was made of boards picked up about the
island. The top was so- arranged with
leather : straps : that It • could be opened
from the Inside. To preclude the possi
bility . of detection Holt printed the name
of S. N. Wood & Co., well known cloth
iers, Market street, on. the top of the box.
Thinking it was consigned to Wo6d,&
Co., the corporal who was . supervising
the loading of .the boat allowed It to pass
without ' making an investigation. :
¦ Shortly after the McDowell left the isl
and the prisoners were lined up and
counted, And as one, who proved to be
Holt, was" missing : a thorough search for
him was made. It was not until the boat
returned to the island and , the empty
box examined that the manner of Holt's
escape from the military prison was dis
covered. Word was at once sent to Cap
tain Seymour,' who - detailed Detectives
Hammill and Crockett to find the escaped
prisoner. . Accompanied by Private
Zuschlag and Corporal Frazier the de
tectives • searched a number of water
front resorts, but without getting a clew
to Holt's whereabouts. Tlmmons, who is
believed ; to be Holt's accomplice, ' was
found, however, and taken to. police head
quarters. ¦%. When questioned he at first
denied that he was aware that Holt had
escaped. | but \ finally admitted that ' he
knew he had' • concealed himself in" the
box before the McDowell left Alcatraz.
¦ "I did . not want to inform anybody of
his escape," he remarked,' "and for that
reason I. kept my mouth shut. I did not
see him after we left the island." If he
managed to get away I don't know any
thing about it." : . • ¦ ¦ - ¦'. . '
PrtvatevZuschlagr la positive that : Tlm
mons.'who waa sent from the Philippines
to Alcatraz to serve one year for, larceny
aided Holt to escape. . ; ;. .
He will be turned over to " the military
authorities to-day and will undoubtedly
be charged with aiding: a prisoner to es
cape. ¦¦.¦¦ , ; . ¦:.- - . ¦ - -¦'.,•¦-
Frank Holt, a; Prisoner
on Alcatraz, Makes
His Escape. 1 •
" I '-¦¦ ¦ ¦'- :. -¦ . '{¦ -' '
Ejpeciol Dispatch to The Call,
. ¦ !.. ¦;¦¦? ¦ ¦;.¦¦•¦- ,. ¦ r . ¦ ( . ¦.; i ;
VICTORIA, B. C, j Jan. 1L-H. M. 8/
Condor, which sailed from j Bsquimalt for
Honolulu and the south on December 2 is
overdue - at . Honolulu. There are, grave
fears for the safety of the warship, which)
must have encountered the heavy storma
that caused such damage to Pacific Coast'
shipping in the past six weeks.; She left
in company with -the WarBplte, the flag
ship of this station, and the collier Mat
teawan, which sailed on the same day
from Nanaimo with 4890 tons of coal. The
Warspite reached San Diego on schedule
time, but nothing has since been heard of
either, the Matteawan or the Condor.
The naval' officials at Esquimalt are
considerably worried over the Condor's
non-arrival at the Islands. She had not
been heard of when the last mall advices
were received via San Francisco on Jan
uary 3, and if no word is received by the
Bteamer Moana, which is to leave the
Islaiida on Wednesday next, H. M. S.
Phaeton, which is being repaired and
rapidly got ready; will leave for the south
to seek, information regarding the miss
ing vessel. _ . . ' -
| The • explanation for her non-arrival
given at Esquimau Is that she has prob
ably run short of coal and has made the
voyage to . Honolulu under sail. Even if
this be the case, she should have made
the passage in less than thirty-two days
and should have arrived under sail before
January . 3, as the bark Hesper, which
sailed from Vancouver on November 30
and passed out to sea the following day,
arrived at the island port in distress on
January 2. ; • ' . .
LEAVES ISLAND
IN WOODEN BOX
Missing Craft "Is . Known to Have
'/' y Encountered Heavy Gales ..
After Bailing From :
Another Vessel Will Leave
¦ for th9 Islaiads to Search
for* Her.
British* Warship Cod dor
IsyLong' Overdue at
{
FOR SAFETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO OA;LL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1902.
Carnegie Institution's Founder Lays Broad Plans for
the Futuret-Judge Morrow a V, •
WILL SEEK TO ADVANCE
UTILITARIAN LEARNING
19
A n VPTft.TTS'EMEU T8.
: • v ,
Ban Francisco, Sunday, 12 January, 1002.
Oak sql S45.00
* » - ¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦
O ' ' ' — - — O '
One entire floor — 8500 square feet— devoted to the showing
of bedroom sets alone, and no two . sets alike on the floor.
Prices from $13.50 to $1630.00 for a three-piece set. That it what
we offer you to select from in the line of bedroom sets. The
picture above represents fairly well an oak set consisting of bed.
bureau and washstand, all finished golden brown. The bed is
the usual double width, and the head and foot boards are both
set off nicely with a neat ornamentation. The height of head
board is 81 inches and the foot board 56 inches. The bureau
measures 84 inches to top of mirror and 43 inches wide. It con-
tains two laret and two small drawers, all of which have swell
fronts. The French bevel-plate mirror measures 24 by 30 inches.
Our price for this set is $45.00. When we say the once is
$45.00 we mean that this is the ONLY price we have and it re-
mains the same, no matter which one of our salesmen waits upon
you.
O : : : — 6 I
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) 1
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. I
, DK. KIXMEB'S BWAMP-BOOT.
I TlUBLE Ai DBNT INpl'll
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will
Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a ;
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail. ! ;^
.Weak and unhealthy kidneys aro responsible for more sick*
ness arid suffering than any other disease, 'there?orc when' ; -
through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidnsys
most, because they do most and need attention first.
If, you arc sick or *'feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder r3medy, be-"
cause as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
mild and Immediate effect of Dr. poor digestion, when obliged to pass your
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney water frequently night and day,
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It or irritation in passing, brickdust or sed-
stands the highest for its wonderful curea iment in the urine, headache, backache,
of the most distressing cases. Swamp- lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, nerv-
Root will set your whole system right, ousness, heart disturbance due to bad
and the best proof of this is a trial. kidney trouble, skin eruptions from bad
14 West 117th St.. New York City. bIood « neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes.
Dear Sir: - Oct. 15th. 1900. bloating, irritability, worn out feeling,
5 "I had been suffering- severely from kidney i ac ]£ o ( ambition, loss of flesh, sallow
K' .trVngtHnT^wer 6 XT Sn^'^i complexion or Brighfs disease,
could hardly drag myself along. Even my If jour water, when allowid to remain
mental capacity was giving out. and often I undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
wished to die. It waa then I saw an advertise- twe nty-fou- hours, forms a sediment or
iforh^veTa^^y^trenl^^^haSST 0^ settling or to a cloudy appearanc,. it is,
promised a sworn guarantee with every bottle evidence that your kidneys and bladder
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp- need immediate attention.
rnTh^K'U^^^ivrnVreX^S T , S^^ Ro °* l3 the ««* ** C °™Z ?
four months old. and with a good conscience I Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
different kidney diseases, with the same good cases. Doctors recommend it . to the-.r
results." ~ • patients and use It In their own families.
. With many thanks to you, I. remain,..;. ._., because i they, recognize .In ,? Swamp-Root
Very truly yours, t he greatest and most successful remedy.
' ROBERT BEBNER. Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
You may have a sample bottle of this' for 'sale the world over ° at druggists in
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, bottles of two sized and two prices— fifty
sent free by mall, postpaid, by which you cents and one dollar. Remember tha
may. test its virtues for such disorders as name, Swamp-Root, and the address,
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases, Binghamton, N. Y.
.EDITOEXAli NOTICE.— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or if there Is a trace of it in your family history send at once
to Dr. Kilmer. & Co., Binghamton, N. T., who will*' gladly ' send you by mall,
immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
containing many of jthe thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
.ceivedfrom men and women cured. In writing, -be sure to say that you read
this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SUN FRMCISC3.
(DlElJftJ Fa ¦ :;
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS.
"We are preparing to take stock
and that means the consolidating
or dispensing with certain lines
that are conflicting. These shoes
are all In pood condition and strict-
ly up to date, but as we have de-
cided to drop them, we will make
such BIG REDUCTIONS as will
sell them off In short order. Ladies
Vicl Kid Lace Shoes, cloth or kid
tops, coin toes and tips; sizes 3 to 8:
•widths AA to E; reduced from $2.50
and $3.00 to 81.35
Ladles* French Vicl Kid Opera
Slipper, with bow, coin toes, turned
soles and French heels; sizes 3% to
7; widths A A to C; reduced from
$1.75 to 95 C
Misses* end Children's Dull Don-
rola Kid Lace Shoes, coin toes and
tips, double soles and spring: heels,
guaranteed jor wear; widths C to
EE
Child's sizes, 6 to 8 6oC
Child's Bizes. 8% to 11 75c
Misses' sizes, 11% to 2 85c
W 20 Cents
S I •¦ I ' Ladies' black
I / V*" Overgait e r s,
/ * X made oT Scotch
I r X Beavette-
\ Cloth, r e-
* Lzi duced to
I *" 20c a pair
5 WE DO NOT GUARANTEE TO
FILL COUNTRY ORDERS on any
of the above shoes or slippers as H
the stock is limited and we have |
not full sizes. 3
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. J
IO THIRD STREET/ |
% San Francisco. • o
flBSSBBKB9B9EE8B9IHBBBDMBHi3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ninety Per Cent of It Really
Caused From Poor Digestion.
Real organic heart trouble Is' Incurable, but
scarcely one case In a hundred is organic.
'VThe action of the heart and stomach are both
controlled by the same"great nerves, the sympa-
thetic and pneumogastrlc, and when the stom-
ach fails to properly digest, the food and It lies
in the stomach fermenting, gases are formed
which distend the organ, causing pressure on
the heart and lungs, . causing .- palpitation. Ir-
regularity and shortness of breath.
The danger from this condition Is that the
continued disturbance of the heart* sooner or
later may cause real organic heart trouble and
in fact frequently does so.
¦ Furthermore, poor digestion makes the blood
thin and watery and deficient in red corpuscles,
and this further irritates and ¦ weakens the
heart. --<... , . •• .- - >
. The most sensible, thing ; to do for heart
trouble is to Insure the digestion and assimila-
tion of the food. . ' . . . ; ¦..
1 This can be done by the . regular use after
meals of some safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive . preparation, < like Stuart's , Dyspepsia
Tablets, which may be found at most drug
stores and ; which contain the necessary diges-
tive elements in a pleasant,. convenient form.-
..Thousands of people keep. well and vigorous
by keeping their digestion perfect by observing
the rule of taking one or two of these tablets
after each meal, or at least after, each hearty
meal. , '¦ . ¦¦ ' .•'¦"¦ V. '¦'-'.->..--¦¦.
Stuart' s Dyspepsia Tablets contain U. S. : P. i
pepsin. • diastase • from ¦ malt and other natural I
digestives which act only on the food, digesting
It perfectly and preventing acidity, Rases and
the many diseased conditions which accompany
a weak stomach.' . . >-v,;-
.When Stuart' s > Dyspepsia ,• Tablets are ; used
you man. know you are not taking into the sys-
tem any strong medicine or powerful drug but
simply the natural digestive elements which
every weak stomach lacks. • . >-, ¦. .
So widely known and popular have these tab-
[ lets become that they are now sold by every
druggist In the United States, Canada and Great
Britain. -..•...„ ... _'
ADVERTISEMENTS. /
Old Ago |H
Vigorous^ I
BR.PIERCE'sPi
GOLDEN M
MEDICAL HI
DiSCOVERY.fl
, "I suffered for six years with con- 1
stipation and . indigestion, ; during
which time I employed several phy-
sicians, but they could not reach my ¦
; case, "^writes Mr." G. : Popplewell. , of -'
Eureka Springs, Carroll Co., Ark.. "I .
felt that there was ; no help \ for me,
could not retain food on my stomach ; '
had vertigo and would fall helpless to
the ; floor. ' -Two years j ago : I '-, com- t
menced- talcing Dr. Pierce's Golaen :
Medical Discovery and little ' Pellets)' :
and improved from the start After
taking twelve bottles of the' Discov
- ery 1 1 was able to do .light work,' and •
have. been "improving .ever; since.:- I :
"- am now in good, health for one of my i
age— 6o years. ¦"; I owe it all to Doctor '¦
Pierce's medicines. 11 '
• ...¦-.•¦ ¦..-.¦¦.¦¦¦ - . ¦¦• . . - , - .
: Your; Fortune ToldFree^ . . f
MTH F 70TII A f- ABt rology reveals your !
linEjItUlllAW? life. We will send you
a ; Horoscope : Reading ; of .your 'life, i and a "i
most Interesting, Book on Astrology.i If you -
1 send the date of .your birth and a stamp for '
¦ return postage. -: Our ; readings - have made ' -
, oeople happy and full of hope and success. ' !
, Address MAGAZINE OP MYSTERIES; 22 i
iNorth "William Bt, N. V .T. ; City.'; ¦ .: =. ... ¦• ,f*
ffi o f s p e c i a 1 a -^%,.
m ! V^It is a good plan to watch these ads !n the Sunday papers— -$\\»
iff big savings for those who seek economy. Prices below are .ral
IS good until Saturday- night, January 18th. - Telephone orders lA }.
j!B : . delivered— South 356.' Open night and dayi « ; - R
'I x Sheffield's Dentifrice & Lesley'* Martin's Baltimore 4\
m Dental Cream, I tube ea. 25c Rye Whiskey 756 1
¦' , , v.rh >.-!U renil»rlT for wi -' • .A 4ne oM brand — fall ilxe dollar II \
a ,E»eH «ell» refuuxi? »r «w fcou^— Uke getting dollar* « discount ; ,1J» :
1 gEfcafei » p.r .J" »•*»& j«£*» M. I i
IN . £ne, big one* Erer/sody tells It tor 75 •" I* :
y\V ¦- r.iW« PfToxide of Theatre Rouge • I5c j
|| Carter's Peroxide or . o « regular P ric. is i 5 c ft
"'it « £ ° Baby ; Rubber Soothers 10c H
WV ' Quarter Ib. bottle*— iclli icrery- / l.i«_,.J,,i, 4 < e KJ
(lull ' wBere for 15c— our reg. price 200 Two nipple*— reguianj ajc jj,i
Witch Hazel p'nt boL 20c' Bicarbonate of Soda 5c jjil:
fll £1 M fa m/ MS jL^JCwM //£*//
£g5^££j \\\\ H25 MtrHvf St., 3*n rrtncltco iff*/* TT The , ' r ' ltness ' Protested - to the contrary.
He also said -that the old lottery, echerce
was »tlll In, existence. The. company had
all ''idea' of a sea'levelvcanal.
The 'French law,- lie r said, ; could < not pre-
*¦ Aa a .matter -"of. fact,"' said 'Morgan.
_ you appear to have had the canal on th^
bargain counter ever since the company
was organized." ov'v; ••*••><' - . >,¦
A Lamprey, was; asked ..especially conccrnl
Ing the title of the preseiit Panuma Cdmi
pany. several members of tlie comiaiitec
txprcsa.ng. doubt as to whether the'so uov/
Claiming ownership, had soeureu unuyes-
Uonable titic. He replied that they had
roaae^heir punhase-thruugu the IJqufiuB
tor, of; the. oid company,, and .that, the
transfer was regular. In response to other
questions, he Baid.that in case th« trans
action Bnould be consummated the money
would be distributed among the members
ot tne original company and those of the
present organltation. by arbitration. 'He
5 1 ?u ; Proffer had been made • in good
raith . and , that the '¦ company was able to
deliver the goods. ¦ . .
I Ir > ''."sponse to: inquiries. :Lampre ,con
tenaed that the new company had a per
fect^ right to sell the property and that
to do so would* not % Infringe 'upon the
Tights of any one. Senator- Morgan askefl
what the corporation. had been organized
for,; and > the.- witness replied that th& pur4
pose, was to bulld : . a canal. >: The. genatoi?
then asked:- whether' ariy^ attempt to sell
the -canal , Was ¦ not a proceeding In 'bad
faith, -r Lampre maintained that ' it ;: was
not. « He also, said s that American Pa
nama • Canal Company ¦¦ had r been organ
ized In ¦ New Jersey 'for the :¦ purpose of
dlcposing of the^ropcrty in this counjiry
if possible.'. ..-, v. .-¦•»; V- -.•¦' •=- -:¦: :: -*¦
-Lampre.was questioned at great length
by ¦ the members of the committee. ! Hj
said his mission to the United States had
been, to ascertain to whom the proposii
tlon for the sale of the Panama property
should be made. ¦ Having Informed hlmi
self upon: this point, he had . conferred
with Admiral Walker, chairman' of ;th<^
Isthmian- Canal Commission, as to the
form of the <5ffer. He then had tabled to
nis principals, the result being -.thut-.thd
oner to.sejl for:$40,000,0W had ueen.mede
directly; from Pans and riot by him.' -He
said, -however, that ; it s was - his undeij
standing : that ,the proposal included both
the franchises; and the property of ithe
Panama Company, but not the money in
lts treasury, ut which there is about m,
wjo.OW frants. ¦ ¦ - .'-. . ¦ ¦ * - i
/Washington)' Jan. ii.-Kduard juam-!
pre, representing the Panama Canal Cpm- ;
pany, appeared: before the Senate'Com
mittee, on Interoceanic Canals' to-day irln'
obedience to the summons of that com
mittee "to testify concerning the offer'! oi
his company to sell Its property and fr&n
chises to the- United States.' . Julc3
Boucfve of the "French embassy also was
present, at' the hearing. The meeting was
held; behind closed doors.' • ¦¦ ¦" ¦¦
KNOXVILLE. Tenn., J*n. 11.— It has been
decided to present Admiral Schley a handsome
gold and silver loving cup on the occasion of
his visit here, February 5 and 8. - ¦
BALTIMORE, Jan. 11.— The Merchants' and
Miners' steamer Jsniata, which sailed for. Bos
ton last night, returned to her - dock to-day
with -the cargo in her forward hold on fire.
After several hours' hard work the tire was
extinguished. .?¦: . ij f"
Panama CanaV-.Company!
Displays Eagerness j
to Sell. vi: ¦
BARGAIN PRICE
WILL SATISFY
WHITE POWDER
STIRS TROUBLE
MANY MILLIONS
TO BE EXPENDED
provements.
, ....
Union Pacific Railroad
Proposes Vast" Im-
Cheyenne Accused of
Theft Causes Alarm
in Montana.
when Ills wife and daughter came out
brandishing- butcher knives and talking
wildly. This excited White Powder and
he then shot Bullard, the policeman who
first went to arrest him. He then shot
two ponies and his wife . cut another
pony s throat with, her knife. •
White Powder and his family retreated
to the tepee. The Indian then shot his
son. a middle-aged man, also his wife and
daughter, and turned the weapon upon
himself. Tills caused much excitement
among the Indians and they began their
war dances.- Two Indians came near the
po?t »t night and gave several war
whoovs. alarming the white people, who
Immediately prepared for battle. Tho In
dians, however, failed to appear in force.
Yesterday was issue day for the": In
dians, and all appeared at the post ex- :
cepting- two or three, who their com
panions claimed, were hunting lost horses
in the hills. Everything Is quiet at pres
ent and no more trouble Is feared. Strawi
met a troor> of cavalry near Lame Deer.'
The troop had been Sent from Fort
Keogh. ' . ; ; -.?}i. V
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 11.— A special to
the Miner from Forsythe says Charles
Straw, who arrived in Foreythe to-day,
gives the first authentic account of the
recent Indian trouble ' at the Cheyenne
aacnej*. ' _. * -
Straw says the trouble started over
AVhite Powder, an Indian, who 'was ac
cused of stealing cattle. An Indian police
man was'scnt to arrest him. He re3isted
and the policeman returned to (he post,
securing a posse of Indian t>o!lce, and re
turned to White Powder's tepee.
White Powder was about to surrender
Mrs. Buth A. Chadbourne.
SUIStJX. Jan. 11.— Mrs. Ruth A. Chad
bourne, a pioneer resident of Suisun Val
ley, died in Vallejo on Thursday morn
ing after a month's illness. Her bo<1y
v.'atf brought home yesterday for inter
ment. Mrs. Chadbourne was a native of
Maine, agred 68 years. Shp had resided in
Suisun Valley more than forty years.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 11.— The ' plan of
railroad campaigning to/be -carried, out
by the Union Pacific road during .1902 was
given out officially, to-day, and. will result
in" the expenditure of from . $25,000,000 to
$30,000,000 ln ; improvements "and extensions.
It, is a continuance of the general plan
of putting the road in. the best ' possible
condition between Omaha and San Fran
cisco,. but the 'efforts this year will be di
rected almost to that part of th 3
road west of Salt Lake and Ogden and the
Oregon Sho'rt Xirie. .
Twenty millions alone -will, be used- In
improvements. of theee- lines,- and' the re
mainder in pushing the extension of the
Salt Lake-Los Angeles branch of the Ore-,
gon Short Line, which will be nearly or
quite completed before January 1 next.
Particular attention,- however, will be
plvcn-fo the extensions and Improvements
on the part. of th» Snort Line, which com
'petes with the Hill system.- ; '¦•'- ¦<¦'.':•.
The primed object, it Is said.- Is to put
the road ln a position to control the im
mense trade with the Orient that is ex
pected to be opened by the new conditions
ln tho EaBt and Hawaii. This trade is al
ready beginning -to, reach formidable .pro
portions, and .the. Union Pacific, it is
stated, is preparing to meet the,competi
tion of the' northern lines. That part of
the road between Omaha and Ogdeni has
been put in prime condition by the ex
penditures of several millions of dollars .in
improvements - annually, for the past ; tlve
The. greater part of this money
has been used In straightening crooks ami
cutting immenso hills and, tunnels, ¦ iliue
reducing grades to a degree that can be
overcome by tho large engines without as
sistance. .An official said to-day: -
'' The ' Union . Pacifl'c *, has •' lonjr , since ' decided
that, it mtijt have a. fast ' line to the coast
gateway ln order to retain its hold ? on . the
Oriental . trade. .Thnt traffic, is becomln;
greater every year and it was some years ago
that this scheme, for a^complete overhauling
of the system wan adopted.'-- The plan has b-een
Et f arlfant 1 y adhered to, ~ so that . now there J is
the finest kind of railroad from Council Bluffs'
to Ogden. For that much of ¦¦ the. -T. way '.we
now. make Jfa?t. time, but as .noon as . we -.get
Vast Ogden'.we are compelled to slow up 'and;
maintain thereduced speed all the reat of the.
Jounifcy. ' Improvements oh this line will, be tin,
the nature of 'reducing (Trades, " taking out «r-'
tain ¦ curves : acid . lessening others . and* ' rebal-'
Ia3ting the entire line.- • ". " • ' . ~ ¦ ¦ :
These improvements • will- fix^us fofSthe Ori
ental 'trade, .which is something enormous, eg-,
peclally to and from the Philippines and* Japan.!
They will 1 afso' cover Central California satis-"
fa^toriJy. The other, arm. of the. -work, mean-'
while, will be looking toward the -Improvement
ot facilities of getting- into the Southern;Cali
fornia : buvtness. -- The Southern : Pacific Im-'
provements ¦ are far the I most Important, . since
they have bearing; directly on the gateway buci-i
ncse. but this extension of : the Oregon Short'
J iinc to , Loo Angeles - is - also' a big proposition.
It -nil! require between 500 and 600 miles more
.to resell' Irfie Angles.-, »od : it 1 is , hardly 1 prob- ,
able that -this can be completed In 1902, . al
th^iuch-tbe.effort will be made." ¦¦*¦"¦>" vT' -'"• "
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— There Is au
thority,--for the statement that Secretary
Root* is strongly opposed to commercial
reciprocity between the United States and
the Philippines on the general ground
that any such arrangement would be de
structive of the . "open door" policy of
this Government in the East. It is argued
that the United States only secured the
open door ln China after patient and as
siduous diplomatic negotiations with,
other foreign governments concerned, and
to now deny to other governments the
same trade facilities with the Philippines
enjoyed by the United States would re
sult in closing the principal markets ln
China to the United^ States. -^
Speaking on this subject to-day, a Cab
inet officer said ¦ that the only way the
United States could be treated the same
as Russia, France, Germany and Great
Britain in -the Chinese provinces" now in
the possession of these governments
[would be by granting the countries
named equal privileges and facilities
with the United States for trade with the
Philippines. The above statements repre
sent the position of Secretary Root on
the general question of. trade relations
with the Philippines, and the conclusion
is that President: Roosevelt holds similar
views. ;> '-.,-. , • '
Reciprocity.
Scheme for Commercial
Secretary of "War Is Opposed to a
NATIONS MUST SHARE :
TRADE IN PHTLIPPIITES
BOSTON, Jan. 11.- WilUam J.Bryaa
was the guest of the city of Boston to
day. Mpyor Collins gava a luncheon in
his honor. Many prominent politician^
and business men were present. In Cam
bridge this afternoon both Democratic
and non-partisan citizens thronged the-
City Hall to welcome Bryan, who held a
public reception there with the Demo
cratic Mayor. John, H. H. McNamee, by
his side. Members of the City Council
first shook hands with Bryan, and. then
the public. At the conclusion of the cere
monies Bryan was driven to the home of
Mayor McNamee to be the Mayor's guest
at dinner.
To-night 2000 people crowded Sander'/i
Theater, Cambridge, to hear Bryan ao
dress the students of Harvard University.
He entered, accompanied by Mayor Mc-
Namee and several members of the City
Council. When he rose to speak he was
greeted ¦with enthusiastic and prolonged
applause. The subject of the address was
"A. Conquering Nation." The audience
was cordial throughout and demonstrative
at times. Almost every one remained un
til the conclusion of the speech, an un
usual thing for Harvard students when
assembled ln such large numbers. The
speaker's remarks on trusts and taxation
were received with hearty applause, and
his attack on Imperialism, caused the
greatest enthusiasm.
ering and Is a Guest of
: /Boston's Mayor.
Nebraskan Addresses a Iiarge Gath-
ERYAN IS^WELCOMED i.
BY HABVARD STUDENTS
•{Bouefve .Was . asked -only, .whether the
proposition .to sell -the canal' for $4O,000,0GO
had' been. made with the authority of the
French Government*. : Ht?-- replied in the
negative,-' saying.- .mat j that Government
had no connection whatever ¦, with the
transaction. ; ;..¦ .". ¦ :- ¦
The fact was developed at the hearing
that thf> bptKlcd. indebtedness of the old
company was SOQ.tfOO.OOO franca, and. also
that since 'the 'new company had come
into, control- It .had :paid . 12,000.000 francs
to. the Colombian CJo.vernmejit for conces
sions. : -"> v -, ' . ¦ ¦ ' , ¦
• Nixon announced thathe would retain
Thomas F. Smith, Croker's secretary for
a. .nutnbej . of^ears, his secretary. .
vent; the transfer^ofvthe' ; canal to the
United States.' as the canal company was
aT perfectly' independent' coticern.
"•T';need :not say .that this great honor
was .* entirely •. unexpected and absolutely
unsought by me. It was with sincere re
eret I that I ' learned that Mr. Croker had
determined tCretlre. I was willing to re
main' in the ranks. But I will not ac
cept an: executive position 'and be a mere
figurehead.' I am not so presumptuous as
tQ.:Jroagine that I can control in all
things. But I can say that while I may
not always have your support I shall
liave. It if I keep. this position. I promise
to apply every effort : and • ray ¦ utmost
strength: to build up this organization: 4 '
r A vote of thanks to Croker for his ser
vice ¦ to v the . organization .-was voted by
the committee: . ¦ "; '<
Mr. ifhe new leader, rose as soon
as Croker-had' sat down, and very briefly
thanked th^crimmittee for the. honor done
him/iHe ; saidv* ' - ' '
"I know the young man well, and I,be
lieve that he will restore confidence in
the oiganization and bring back to its
support the army. of Democrats that we
lost at the last election. - 1 hope that you
will give him the same confidence that I
have enjoyed. I am continually ! receiv
ing letters from young, men anxious to
join this organization who do not know
how to join, and I hope that means will
be found to bring more young men In.
The people who left us ' for . reasons of
their own can never build an organiza
tion up against yours upon patronage re
ceived from the Republican party. I
think it is your duty to strengthen your
selves and to stand on principles, not on
patronage. . You know. this organization
generally polls the largest vote when it
has Tio patronage. I have been in thS
organization . thirty-five years, and dur
ing that period it has polled a larger vote
proportionately in years when It had- no
patronage. So " you need- never fear the
efforts of men who leave us because they
wi3h to 'get positions. It Is neglect N of
yourselves and 'distrust of your leaders
which will hurt you. If you conduct this
organization honestly and comply with'
the laws you can't be beat at. any time.
"In conclusion I want to ask you again
to have the same confidence in Mr. Nixon
that you have had in me, and I have no
doubt qOxtour success." ¦
V?vi.*fN$"wr leader Speaks.
Advice of Croker.
In beginning \ he said that the appoint
ment of Nixon to the chairmanship of
the ' finance committee had -his full ap
proval and he • hoped that ¦ Nixon would
receive the. same consideration and good
will which had been extended to himself.
He added: . . -_
, In announcing the name of Nixon for
the chairmanship of the finance commit
tee George M.; Van Iloesen; president of
the general .committee, said that the step
was taken at the desire of > Croker him
self. Croker, however, did not express
himself until all the business -before the
meeting had been transacted, "when he
rose and- addressed the chair. There was
"a, distinct rustle/of \ expectancy In the
crowaeu room as he did so. He spoke. ln
Ins habitual . quiet manner, but such^a
smlnt.sd pit\aiiea ihat «veiy wuid he ul
aerea vs as citany heard by all. His tone
was a conversational .one, but there was
sometnintj line a tremor In nis voice, and
ne wai&eu bacic anu forth across tAe room
in a way not entirely familiar to those
who have often heard him speak.
NEW YORK, Jan. Ill— Richard Croker
announced, his retirement from the formal
leadership of Tammany Hall this after
noon.*. The' announcement was made : at
the meeting of the executive committee,
at which the plan qf organization for the
year. 1902 was agreed upon. Lewis Nixon
was ; chosen Croker's successor as chair
man of the finance committee, j This posl
tion/'by"<lonSv usage, carries with it the
leadership of the organization.
Makes Allusion to; the Recent Defeat
at the" Polls, andSays Patronago
¦ Alone Cannot Win
• ¦ -. ¦ Sticcess. . ¦
RetiriDg Chief Asks the Or
ganization to Stand. Upon
; > Principles.
Lewis Nixon Is '.Chosen
to Guide the^Tiger's
Future. -
CROKER OUT
OF TAMMANY
LEADERSHIP
THE
20
f PO A MONTH FOR ALL DISEASES,
jM' MEDICINES FREE DNT1L CURED,
¦¦^<i^^^^^^'®5SRVw To a " liesin"I^K treatment -with Dra. Shores & Shores. San Francisco's leatUn*- «r,»
ciaiists. during the remaining days o£ January, to prove to the afflicted that thera Is a
• eJEfML PERMANENT CURK FOH CHRONIC DISEASES (that are curable).
K^^^^^M^^^^Mi.' ' During; the past two weeks Drs Shores save to all who applied at their new offlces *
«$" %&W X - tr^S^B^^S^d course of treatment and medicines absolutely free as "A TEST" of their skill aa exDert
}Wv* Physicians end specialists, and scores of sick and afflicted people tested the new treatment
llW&W? 1 * i Nov. Drs. Shor°*. in order to prov- their skill ln curing PERMANEVTLT -win .„,.
L M£jE&F\ a11 who *Pl"y AT ONCE for th* low fee of Jo per month; no other chars? oV expense in »nv
' )^M/ !^\ 'l^T^ %^S' CaS "'. A " Inl! ' dicin<>! rree ' CONSULTATION FREE ALL THIS WEEK FOR AS! DH
««T-.^ m YOU' GET DRS. SHORES' REGULAR
I jM^^x: $i0 A MONTH TREATMENT FOR? $5,
' (\\ll\\\ii\\ 'HfeT" ' ' ••' WwA PnOVIDED TOU BEGIN YOUR TREATMENT AT ONCE. CATARRH and all 4>rm« nf
'>^V\WVvV- . ¦••fflW, .¦ NERVOUS nml COMPLICATED CHRONIC dlwases are Included in this offer--n? vru'
- iMV. . . HAVE A COZEN AILMENTS. $5 PAYS THE BILL FOR ONE WHOLE MONTH. If vn«
; "•¦ ' s^ ' Mart In at this low rate ard you need-ntwre than one month's treatment, you will h« »,.»,,.j
- — unt » y°» » re cured PERMANENTLY for the low fee of $5 per month, all medicines^ f r «c
f--=$^:%JS-re§sfg2? Drs - Shcras know there are thousands! of sick people with GHROXIC AILMEVTS U.
¦-" "nav* become "SKEITICAL". as to whether there is a "PERMANENT" CURE for CHRnvrn
.¦¦^^'SV, *<=a=r '• ' • \cSPr$ DISEASES because they have doctored with this doctor and that. and spent mon^v- in
i'-. -¦', . : S^r--:.:;.-. U. ¦ LfSrtT "FAKE PATENT MEDICINES" all to no purpose. It Is to overcome this SKEPTICISM^ «nS
> -,.•"' - " -'**<^^'2siR prove to the afflicted that THERE IS A PERMANENT CURE for CHRONIC DI9EASEq
&XM&^W?MB <%a\^-riSrnltiJ A (that ar0 climb'** Drs. Shorts will for a LIMITED TIME take all who apply and treat
\\ -j - vJBXfflr^ ' them .until a PERMANENT CURE Is effected, tor the low fee of *5 per month, all medicine.
1 -WI/7 • - ¦ »W»r ..tree.. -DO NOT WAIT UNTIL THIS SPECIAL OFFER HAS BEEN WITHDRAWN and ths
i ry V UJ\ .v'--TgguI>--- -'.- ?«)V5^ price for treatment ADVANCED, but COMC TO-DAY. COME MONDAT. COME AVT nlr
M '<&y'7i^ .. • ' *^ THIS WEEK, and Dra. Shores -wrill treat you tor the low fee of $5 a month, all medicines
M^i^SSpl'l!': C ' ' CONSULTATION FREE ALL THIS WEEK.
¦¦ MRS. WILSON says: "I am a glovemaker * . iiim mq _ . «— ,
pnd have lived in San Francisco for the past . .: . ' l/tf W mm . I " J*. Ija M
rixteen years. I- hava been' sick for the last ->¦ '... r '"." mm " . u . m ¦*¦ "~* M ~ M m
three i years and have doctored a- great deal ' Catarrh and Stomach Troubles. Nervous DiseaKes. Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troubles Uf-arf
with different physicians, but all to no pur.- Disease. Diseases of the Storrach and Bowels. Piles. Fistula and Rectal Diseases Fptt»»i.
pose. • 1 have i suffered a Krsaf' deal 1 from Complaints. Diseases of. Women and Chlldrfn. nickets. Spinal Troubles. Skin Diseases l^ai
LIVER, STOMACH and KIDNEY; troubles. Trias. Asthma. Bronchial and Luns Troubles. Consumption In the First Stages Rheurrdtism
My stomach would bLOAT UP ¦¦ after eating Hay Fe«-er. Neuralgia.- Hysteria. Eye and Ear Diseases. Goitre or Bijr Neck La Grlnw. S
and PAIN ME greatly. .My food did not teem - Manhood. Etc. p Blood Diseases. . Special niseases. Scrofula and- all forma of Nervous «rTi
to do me any good, and after I would eat a Chronic Diseases (that are curable). CONSULTATION FREE. CALL OR WTUTP
hearty >m«al; I -would STILL mje^hunqry. . » ~;\*f\nArz : '- T»r> lir A>r» nj\ «r i^TrB» /-»Bti~v-^^ - ,T*»
¦ • " — ¦ -RPi^F-i B A TMBN1 CURES. :
I alfco> grew. very NERVOUS -and\ -MELAN- . , No °" e n * ed . ** deprived of the benefits of Drs. Shores' treatment .because of livln* at »
CHOLY,. and -was very WEAK AND .RUN distance from' the office. The same .wonderful end uniform success la found ln their Jlnm-
DOWN In every way. ..This .^ras my condition Treatment by Mall. By tht use of a symptom blank Drs. Shores are abfe to diagnose dls«»a«»
whenil came to Drs. Shores. J I can say that correctly and prescribe for them, and by their system of reports they keep a close wafrh
Drs.* Shores have helped me more than ALL «" JS. c *L^* s f.- WRITE FOR. SYMPTOM BLANK and bive your trouble properly d Ar
THE- OTHER tDOCrORS.' MY STOMACH NOSED FREK. "W"" »»wi» UUU>
DOES NOT HURT ME -ANY MORE AND -I ' — i
.^SS&^i^Z^^&Wi " l »y^.-'v"-"M l^to Ot OU\tKLo 9 Specialists,
• "IT GIVES ME VPLEASURE-TO HECOM- ' Permanently . U/I I CV D 111 Cll Dllll nitlfi n*\*l llini/rr<nv
;^^v.^^g£^SSi^S; L p" 3 «-¦ ' * \%*> A ,Ll|N BUILDING, 933 MARKET ST^,
mo." (Signed) Mrs. m. k. wilson. ( i hlpd ; Floor ) SAN F R A N C 1 6 C O, C Al£98BSB9BuBi
.-«¦-¦ 814 s l*avennfcrth*atr-, l San ; Francisco, ;cal; ¦; Olfic* Hours-^-Week Days; 0 a."mJ to'4'p. m.Evenlngr.G to 3 Sundays 10 a. in mh, w .
'¦• "-- : ¦".-¦"••¦¦--.¦¦.. "• ¦ . - - . ' - • " i" rTnain in iliiLriMiriiin ¦nil ' ' * - '" " nooa -
The Bad Boy's Bowel Blessing
Nature punishes every excess, not only of the bad boy, but of ourselves as
well. Over-eating, over-drinking, tinder-sleeping result in bowel troubles liable
m \^".'''" to become serious.
jf^ - Js^. "My children will take <7asc»iret» •'oner than anr other
j/r&? ¦ jmLz inedlcftie."— Mr«. Frank llomert. Princeton. 111.
/^&^ y — " "I *- rr i""' tiding Cas<-»retK in my family «nd they »r«
rW /*5 • wonderful among children." ¦ •-
gf/f 'V^r* '¦* \ —Lee D. Thompson, Portsmouth, ; Va.
f&ff . dfmr\ "V^^ * I "OnrlitUe girl was troubled with constipation foTorer.
uT£. /JSi VJ 7^51 k *.W two y*»™. C«*ctret« cured her. They are also the best'
Fig /&?/' k*vV temtdy for colHs we eTi«rii*ed."
Ktvr' ' ' \v^ I «^*M —Mr. and JIr». Ralph Dntord. Claj-ton. Jf. T.
Cr*,\f .. /Vv Vfit lit "' h«T« ns*d Cascnrct* and havo fonnd t>i»m a most i
K>*S -^ ffd& H "'•-Urnt r«niedv for both ihtbpU «nd mv children." I
KVlSI "^^Sr^PC^^ ¦ ffty IV ~ Mri " Brid K e * JteCrossoa, 9CS Bead St.. thliadelphi*. Pa..
WL^»^& - ' j ., J . "^¦•carets are the easiest madicine to give to children
vLJh& k * ¦«, f I erer came across." ¦ • . .
WT jh,-\ .. - \~J -Mrs. E. F. Beilly. 4K1 Calvin St., ?ittsburc, Pa.
mbd If .-^\ V f^ "Cascarets are wonderfullTjtood for children."
''^^'S.P^^V f * V -Mrs. Wm. Boan, Catamount. N. T.
W*\i£2ai3$\l //^^.^ u'.JI* **''¦* "Tf 1 c *» c » r ''t* for three vears for the
.VfS'W^SS^V//^ 'Mldr«n »» well at ourselves. They do Just irhtti
J^^sSS^^'~Ztmr^ il Mr th»y ar« recommended to do."
tl( — .. - Mrs - p ' M - Kollinc. 416 Dock St., StsubenTille. O.
X/ ~^h£f&£^ i. '^y tw . 9 b / >yB ttlnk Cascarets are ctady. I nerer
S _-3fT' r. ] v have to Insist on their taking them. 1 1 sleep with
S f 1 V" 0 ?^^' c «f*rets nnder my pillow. Ko home
f Its « should be without them." - ¦ -
I f f I —Mrs. G. A. Prescott, Chlceco. 111.
»\'l ff\ J\V^v vV "Cascaret« are the most pleasant remedy I hare
iy k Sr]£ I I A \V I t nT u t ed v2T? e onl3r tronble I hare with them i» to
Mil tt t\ I « \*^ Veen the children froa taking too many."
"^Pll ##111 7/ -Mrs. JennUF. Mitchell. '
\$$b fJ \ *^ > y — 1012 Locust Street, Pittsbnrg, Pa.'
M$iF<£(3^ J f O u. V- "I hare neTer nsM any remedy that has been as'
PXS!WiiC5»Z J \ r I 00 *? »• Ca«car»tB. Have to ke»p them hidden from
jUBSsMr""^** /'/ xay little boy, as be eats them like candy."' J- > v«
"%— -^^ .^v^, ; — lira. Sobt. G. Fay, 'Goes, Ohio.'
Every good, healthy, hearty boy is somctimes'a bad boy— bad to himself ; ? fand!
xrill do things in the green apple/mince pie or other over-eating line 'that 1 will*
twist his bowels. Men are only boys grown tall. In such a case what is needed* !
is not a violent physic that w!H rack the tender bowel tissues, but Cascareta
Candy Cathartic, gentle but sure to, act; at once and put 'things right. .They
are the most perfect medicine in the world for all forms of indigestion, dyspepsia
and constipation.
/7\r\ /» /¦*.*» n%T% Best for the Sow* 1 "' AH drofjlsti, toe, ssc. 3»c. Never sold to bulk.'
iVVtfVVVwVVtf The genuine tablet Ftsn-pedC C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
mm —~g0r' back. ¦ Sample and free." 1 Address <,'¦ ' *'. - .'- ¦. • *- . . - - )
-•^^WSB^sla^r"^ " : ' - Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. - ..-m .
r ' - ¦ '•'¦¦'-* '¦ i.- * ' '¦¦¦-'¦¦¦¦• ' , . ¦ ¦ ¦ . ,, ¦ .-.-...-,-'•. <¦ - ; . ¦ ' , i j j, • im, ---j ¦-¦ r -•---¦ ¦ ...—-. «'j- • - •¦ • ¦ - ¦'-- - ¦¦ - :. . . ... v^', ',."., ".-' .*.-." /•_¦<¦-
AILWoo! Ddcrdown Flannel. \ 60 Pieces Curtain Swiss. Great Clearing of Remnants. : % 5 Novelty >Wool Waistings. ;-;
' *— Also £no Quality All-Wool Tricot Flannel, ! . . -',.-¦ ' r : V^ool Walstimpi. • FlannelettB and Outln» The exact copies of the real French -75c -^J
fc la tii* leaflln* colortoga, for robea and «* «»*»»• *** * rood quality. In th. minels. There- wUl b. bl*' uXOamt hex e M n S p^,V r^ d i: e *S^;' 1^ n olO Myai^
3=: -watau: great valu* and reduced O Oa mort dealrakJe de«l»n.; reduced for • to-morrow. All ehort len»tlu bavatbeen '; and ' turquoise. -, Xan«BMiSuwftJ^OQr>' : '2
gr: for quick fllspossJ to. Yard ZoC tbia salt to...*... ...... ......Yard » W j greatly reduced. '¦ ' ' \ | at ...........:...... ........Yard >5t/v .=3
I GREATEST OF CLEARANCE SALES.
X? Seldom has a BAI/D attracted such, attention. Try as we might, even with an increased sales force, we were hardly able to wait on tlie
S~ crowds. Oar desire to make an immediate clearance of ALL ODDS and ENDS, Broken Lines and Fall and Winter stock leads us to offer you
•b. bargains ABSOLUTELY UKTEQITALKD before. Plans have been made for the coming week for a week of gx eat selling/ The values indeed are r35
«F extraordinary, and they ought to pack our store to the utmost to-morrow.: ." ; . . , - ''-', v iV 3J
I MORE REMARKABLE SILK BARGAINS. A PHENOMENAL DRESS GOODS SALE; i
s>^. Tb-inoiTO-w telll show sales records* such as have seldom been known — even here. This Is a veritable bargain. feast — a tal.< w propose . to , make intensely. Interesting. " "A
JT~ -want to make this the biggest bargain event. We have determined to dear out fortunate purchase from an overstocked Importer made three weeks alto and held ln re- — *
5-_ every odd piece of Silk, not matter what the former cost, and you will therefore, do serve especially for this great sale will be offered, beginning to-morrow, at a great sacri- ~*m
y Tvell to be here early to-morrow for the values are unprecedented. ' fice, and considering the popularity of the weaves, . these values have never been equaled.- Z3J
£ snr mnmns Atm~ — ' mjamt 800 sard - ln aU of Sllk roularas ' navy BTOunas> Xn^mriiirs^^
OlLA rUULAnlJo AHO Jn a choice varietv of designs; Poulards that sold at 75c JI.OO VCNtllAn , and navy; these Venetians were Imported to sell at P $l 33 -2
S' PHbNRFARI P TIFFPTA^ * y«"<J- JilBO «°° y ard » *"-«»* changeable Taffeta, suit- C n r QOa Y»rif - * yard> -"* of -.an exceptionally floe, quality, perfectly Z2J
-Z JlHANbfcABLrlA^tlAb, M9 Un , nr ftn4 pettlcojltl! . a -^t, barsaln . Qi _ r0 ' WC '" re ' . Woven; to be offered to-morrow, e^tra speclal.at OO C
SS= TO ClOSe. 39C Yard. To dose at. Tard O9C M -- mHl nni«Tn : ' •"•• — "¦•••-•••|; -"-V^ -• •••;••••• .... Tard UOW
3£ CUV rpctiinucc u; E^ry yard 1, «*rrant*d pure sllk-an Ideal fabric for 51.50 BROADCLOTH . f/^.^^, 11^^'.^^
S G Pi D i ESl V W J rtil a^o1-! B ?n\rthV lS M:hffile n^v e E n a , t n n g « anS FOF $1.19 M*L
ZZ $1.00, fOr 48C Yard.- . W*ek; good value *1 00. Sale price Vard 48C -— '¦ P° - Eale price... ..... ...........Yard 01—"*
S 3B-1NCH BLACK TAFFETA. xJm^enl'o^bou^'^"^.^^^ mches $1.25 BLACK CHEVIOT W.iS^^SSSS^Ti^Ssa^ 1
SP 1 ,1* I? «r^L lT»t 'Wol the highest order and guaranteed^to give good r ft - ofe« V ?r( l of a London fast black dye; guaranteed I ah wool- oo^
£ SI.50 QSaUtj^Sf .09 Yd. 3SJ : 2f pOKlble t0 iv » lic * 1 * under *}™ r 2i §1— rOr OOC UIO. every yard well
•^- 49 IMPU Dl tPV TiCCCTl *t-WU •*• looking for a genuine bargain in a low-priced « ur\u vyiCU Cll Y<t The handsomest Wash Silks . ever imported. ¦ direct from .^" .
•EZ AO'lnUll uLAlilv lArrtlA, TWtetayou muet come here and choose this one— a superb Htfl TVAdtl OlLIVO .. the Orient: exquisite styles in stripes and checks, in the •
9*Z iii.uL cr. <.. s*/% VA fltMltty with a brilliant lustre; fast black dye; 'considered e< »_ v«i-l finest corded effects: extra-heavy quality; In colors of — •
f^ WCrtu 05CifOr69C Ydi excellent value at 65c v ttr d. Here to-morrow at «Q r OUC T3lJ. pink, light blue, white, green, black and white and Per- z£
¦^" m^^ mmm^L^ m^ m^^ —^ ___ ' ...*• Tard Wt7W mmmm^m^^mmmm^mmm—m^mm^^mmmm SlanftirCCtS. . .'¦. -_^J
| l.£j(S>- Extraordinary Embroidery $3,50 and S4.00 Enormous Sale Flannel I
£ '®« flfforinrr sooo yards 12% C Potfinnato fnr Wuicfc - S3 - 00 ancf & 50 3
J^l UlTenngi embroideries rclllbUdlo IUI ndlSiSi waists tomorrow 2|
/>'^^^ fN^ ' About 6000 vards Em- #% I -. Another of our famous A A : r t% ' To-morrow ; we will pre- a^j ft r =5
E n -SgK \\ broideries R o onsak.to QlP Petticoat sales is an- S^%po l ?SJS5rV^gI \ I H
:n / »# M morrow at a price that will f\ n U nounccd^ for to-morrow. U/ 1 W U. en Waists, and our advice l5 1 1 .0 W 3
VSZ ¦/>>* ¦ a^ik . & crowd our department such *#0 Yd. A sale that you., don t ¦¦ Each, is to be on hand early, for . -B Each
te / A. as it has never been before. •• want to miss because the So S t C ?s°aDt°to h^th? «?5 n L ™ ' a ,T™ ; 3
El \***\ These we purchased from a well-known values are very exceptional. Petticoats .£2nufactur«^closed "ut !*to ut ?'at I"fl —
Sfc: \ \ \*j3s7rA( >^>r manufacturer at a bis: sacrifice and we made of the finest Black Mercerized sacrifice, his entire surplus stock— all this =^5
ZZ \l Y*S&8r >Sj!>i ia^ d to dispose of them at orice. There Italian Cloth, with a silky luster; fin- £"-•&¦ EL$!£ r «S? "tT 3
E y WJ^SL^^ / are Edgings^ and Insertions. 3 to 5 jshed with 'a fine accordion pleated S^^SS^SiiK^iyiSvh^ 3 ¦
Jfc / X^t^>;,i^ H -TV^g inches wide, splendid qualities, stronc: flounce; extra dust ruffle and black and stitching and tucking, with the latest
Jd '/~&>'&&Z>j&&&rZx% edges, open and close patterns, hand- white ruche trimming top and bottom. £ lsho ,P slee , ve , s : made of a splendid qual- r^
I <&*zm§m
I Sweeping: Reductions in ladies' Suits, Dress Skirts and Box! Coats. I
SZ The Kfeatest clearance eale of Ladles' Garments— a sale that outrivals all others in bargain splendor— a time when a loss li purposely "planned to insure quick sellins of Zm
«k_ all odd lota. Sensational price reductions such as these should make the coming week the busiest one yet in our Cloak and Suit Department. ¦ . . . ' —m
| $25.00 silk dress Aj|- yc BOX COATS AT A GREAT SACRIFICE; $i5.co and $17.50 aq 7c 3
E SKIRTS for 'dlg 1 '^ h c^n h d a ? e S e t n hfn e h a S - TAILOR t SUITS for Ag-lJ 3
fc: Comparison will convince you that ? ° w Each lce Th are mad of sllsh Melt n a^ d Ker8 e y Je «»^P™I»« cany a single gar. TT Each
mZ they are the greatest values ever -. material, in tan, oxford gray and black; have satin -^Slnit tfur iSto Thi^' s^SS^ Jli- ?««„„. » :23
fc: offered in the city. These Skirts are made of good lining, turn-back >¦ flare cuffs and ' are beautifully ftffi'J ? up.to^da?e and^toorou^hiv 1 ™^I «T »ii"
S= hea^-y Taffeta, with foundation drop, plain and stitched: in the latest half-tight fitting back and £££ "6hevlo?. and Venetians ?n iiVJ ki«k Thir
fcl tucked tops, fashionably trlmmftd with Liberty Silk. Jouble-breasted style, ln Z7-inch, three-quarters and come In coat '• and blouse effects- haX^ Ink lined tacklta =5S
•»- satin ruffles. Very graceiul hanging^^^nd perfect full lengths. Were $15, $20 and $25. Marked, - -. full-flare skirts, are handnomeiy stitched. Tou have paid '=S
fc fitting skirts, that were never Bold under $25. Clear- CO 7£ ' tl9 Rd' and ClQ Rrt Canh " earlier in. the *e«son as high, as $17 50 for them. Now*"*
»- ance price 815.75 each $0./3, JlOiOU ail J <>!o.0J CdCHi .> * reduced to.. 1 ...:...,..;... ...............90.75 a uuit =25
I Biggest Values in Blankets and House Furnishings. 1
«¦*¦ The Rr«£test Blanket and House Furnishing Sale ve «ver had is new in frcgrtss here. The opportunities ' to save . were never the goods are of the highest ord;r. -r
ZZ and s11 wil1 be toi<i i0T lee8 tl5an tJle Prices at the mill to-day. '.'-¦'•: '<-; . ¦ -• ,-. •''¦;.' ;¦¦ -. . I i . : * z^
<I^ QK Pair 500 rairs 11-4 white Blankets,, .extra QHFPTIN(V'-fi ALE- ;; '\ ¦¦-¦- : '-Si 1- Rf\ T^flplt - 15 *»«• Marseilles Quilts, impossible — •»
ZZ CUiUO hea^-y. with Pink, blue ant; red ;^ OHtE I I«U OHUEi < f *« V C1 V - to duplicate elsewhere under 82 W" "22
»— borderi, and with 2-inch eilk binding; actual vaJue ?5.&O \\>11 known and fiish grade Sheetings at muchlc»s. :, extra heavy., for double. beda; in the choicest deslcne On --•»
»• pair. Sale price, pair f3.O5 than Uie rcg-iilar prices. .• J • % , - - » tale at, *ach. -.......;....,.».,........ * 91.5O 3
2^ Sit IO Kaph - 15 d07 - Co «>forter» for double beds. in. Vorrl 2 500 yards ' SI -Inch Bleached Sheeting, lQ^^Earh ' CaW doz - all-linen . Huck Towels, size — » !
J^ O1.1U ua^ covered with choice silkoline Rrd' IOC *ara. a heavy and durable grade;^regular ¦ -fa^ *-? n 4 °P '-; '..18x36;. warranted to wear well; good =5
•_- filled with pure ¦nl l !te cctton; good value at $1.50. Sal« value 22%c a yard. KJ; ¦-.¦..•-.' A"&lue'at-$2-00 a. dozen.vOn eale at. each... 12Uc — «
ZZ prlce ' cach $1.10 tfkr. \ r aT A 3500 yard* 45-lnch Bleached -PIHow'Ca*- .. . : ' i '. i ' \ : : " =2!
y~ • IvFw ialu . ins. a splendid quality, free from dress- :. * \i i '"'— i ' ¦•_ __, ¦'- _^ *¦-• — •»
S= SI OO HVnFRWFAR fiQr FAPH Ing; regular value IG^c^ yard. , -" ;"- '' : -" //¦;.:.?;. SALE OF
Ol.UU UAL»Ll\VYL.AK DilC t-ALif. «->-» irr\ wcrw Dime »f 'erTt tiru^r -.'• ' -'m^iv " •
fc= tlrtTf^ h- \ v, L ', I, ™ sealni! ' stiles of ladles'- Rutts. left ever from the holidays,- that- V .. . New arid chblceTlatterns In Kdslngs and Insertions
tight fitting wrist* and ankles; the regular $1 00 quality., at | 2 .50 each: made of liberty silk, with long end*- ;tnjm J . tS^'lhchw wide; a olg variety tVcho^se from e? '
To close at, each KU.OS and very full around the neck.' To 1 close at, each...jK1.75' ' most of tli-m worth 12%c a yard*- On sale at yardOC Zm
•T" | ¦ ¦ 1 COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT A T ; T E Nti O fsl ; '>: ' "^ j : L -j
| Another Great v^^^ >#*4^
Closed out frcm a tvlioletale houp*. at our &*£s]L~JifjESy§i&JW xty&S&^fr VQ/Erar . V jk Broken lines of some- of the *T\ r\ A c
m- cwn price. £S00 jards Skirt Lining, the r»cu- ~*J&'' y '*t3siyr rKm A t^3fi' -" Jff beEt Belling Waists to be closed y»! y.T'O — <»
-^- !ar 15c quality, a superior grade, 38 inches "^ • K3^^ . out to-morrow. All this season's cDO v .\ ~^L
wide, \\ith a spun class finish, ln th« " f ' t»n^ ¦>" ' V^SMT style*, made of the beyt taffeta *^ *o
ro a w'at, C ard r^.^ .^ . d .. b ! a^.. TO .^ m . O . r :.10C ¦ " ' '*?* " •S'aWch* ***** a£sortment of °° lor^ 13
A T* VTTRTT'* K *sjF '-^'ft*
U THE BAT OF ir
¦Jj:. Nip™ HUNDRED iND TWO. W
W it has a snap and go to it that stamps a)
\\ it a fashionable hat. : ; . -LL
pX It has a becomingness that adds some to H/
\A} one's dvpear once and it's truly becoming io V1»
A) most every one. ¦¦--'•V^^^S V'
i§\ Iv's a swell hat in black. > v/
tx _ Iifs pictured above, raw edge, bound 1/v
y\ edge, any edge: 4 yn
M In our big and popular .Hat. Department [Vy
jM where all the: smarthat fashions are shown. Ys21
THE BAN FRANCIBCO CAIiL/ SOTTDAY; JANUARY 1 2, 1902.
!^*» jf \\' Xh^ S^Ip^sf^rfprl Priri^V ''rnorn-"' 'Weneed to^saybutverylittl^concerning the values in our « J // /Y *«*"'
-^^^^l^^I >^*^N. v '^^ 3nd the lively interest in. trie themselves and mem a great dearto you when you realize that / r/-^^l2^^^\ \'
bargains for the two days shows °^ e ?^^^ A^^^^^^^
/7%1^%H0f ll^^^ 1 arC Wh ° a PP reCiate Saving aM they ; • Exchanges and alterations made or money back tocustomers /JIB
W J^=- « l tomers X who g a e re afa'lf 2,"^™^ yeafs^pTir- . ThefoIlowin g reductions will be made in fur-
M^/ M\™iW ing free with every suit or overcoat— bring it in /^^^Hlii^^ nishings and caps. You canYafford to miss such
m$£f ' any time, even if you only wish it pressed. ,;;.,., -^^^^^ifflBlH values as these:
u ux jxi- • "¦ • «ffiiSB& ' • ' : - ''' - vllluilHBDillP' ' Boys' white unlaundered waist-, acres r to 1-? former nnVo
breasted Scorch tweeds of heavy, winter v^^S^i. K* ; ? "' 1 iiSiB^? • 3^; reduced to 25c : p
wear to 'your entire satisfaction; former .price $2.^0, IBS^/'IhIiI- ' S^*' VTlC ' S 7^ co up t0 re- 'rM^ffiB^W
selling at big reductions, like the following: wBH -L-^ wtikS Youhs' suits, made of -winter- weight materials, in many ' /I jWL-
Rough wool hats in -Fedora and Soft and stiff shapes, formerly • Msm '.patterns', all des rable, single or double .treasted styles, for- - lll^$W&
fnd6xfSr1;worth^i%T^d b S Ifsof^i dis? 5 out 2 at° ' $3 '°° *** j^^^^^^ =^^ mer prices j. 7 . bo, $$. 50. $10 and $12 50. all reduced to •
thing in clothing:, hats and furnishings § ¦ r V^ men's or boys' clothing, fur-"I feel that from now on affairs in this
county will be of such a nature that we
can proceed .with this case without : fur
ther difficulty," said Judge Harrington to
day: "I must say, however, that the offer
of the Governor to send troops here if
necessary •will have a good moral effect
on tne community, as it shows that the
court has the support of the people and
officials of this State. I can only express
my sincere desire that there will be no
necessity for the calling of the militia ;
that this case will proceed in. a quiet; or
derly and : dignified" manner. 'I will-not
ask for troops unless I am actually com
pelled to, and I think now that there will
be no need of soldiers here.". . ,
AI/TURAS, : Jan. 1L— Superior Judge
Harrington, before whom the lynchers'
cases are being: tried, says that there is
no necessity for sending State troops to
Alturas. Following the receipt of Assist
ant Attorney General Post's telegram
asking if a company of militia would be
ordered to Alturas if its presence ' were
deemed . necessary Governor . Gage tele
graphed to the Judge, ; Inquiring if, In his
opinion, this action were necessary. Judge
Harrington replied that the peace officers
of Alturas were well able to preserve or
der and he did not believe there was any
danger- of an outbrealc •_¦ . ¦•.-:_
cials Will Preserve Order.
Judge Harrington Says Modoc Offi-
TKOOPS ABE NOT NEEDED.
"Your Majesty's intention to send over
your yacht ! Hohenzollern .to attend the
christening by my daughter of your new
yacht is a source of great pleasure to me.
I can. assure, you heartfelt welcome for
your brother. Admiral Prince Henry, - to
whom I shall personally express my sin
cere feeling of esteem for your Majesty,
as well as my best wishes for the welfare
of the German people.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
"1 am most gratified by your kind per
mission for Miss Roosevelt performing the
christening ceremony of my yacht. It
gives me great pleasure to announce to
you that I have ordered my yacht Hohen
zollern to cross over and be present at
the ceremony. My brother, Admiral
Prince Henry of Prussia, will appear as
my representative and will be able to ex
press to you once more my sincere feel
ings and friendship for the United States
and their illustrious head.
"WILLIAM, I. R."
President Roosevelt ' replied as follows,
in German:
¦ '
BERLIX, Jan. 11.— Emperor William's
yacht Hohenzollern will 'go to New York
to participate in the launching of his
Majesty's new yacht Prince Henry of
Prussia will be present at the ceremony
as a representative of Emperor William.
In connection with this proposed . trip
of the Hohenzollern Emperor William tel
egraphed as follows. In English, to Presi
dent Roosevelt: * ¦'.-.
Kaiser's Brother to At
tend Launching of
the Yacht.
REDDING. Jan. After tiring of
waiting on a hillside for his twelve-year
old brother, sixteen-year-old Antone Cos
ta went down to the stream where George
Costa had crawled up on a band of ducks
and was horrified to find the lad stretched
on the ground with the right sid» of his
skull shot away. The elder brother had
heard a shot, but believed It was fired at
the ducks. Just how the accident oc
curred will never be known. THfe boys
wore sons of Manuel Costa, whose home
5s two miles west of Ccnterville.
Ycung Hunter Shoots Himself.
R ake L> then went back to the afternoon of
May 30, but his questions were objected
to' and the objection sustained by Judge
Harrington, who said: - ,
"We do not propose to allow you to go
over the same ground day after day. This
ground has all been gone over, and I in
struct the counsel not to go over actions
of witness previous to supper time on
May 30."
t Raker asked in emphatic and appcalirg
language »f or the Judge to. ; hear him.
Spencer interposed here to say that the
ground had already been gone over for
the prosecution and every latitude given
Post. , ' - r. <
Hutton told of his visit to Trowbridge's
store on the morning of the lynching to
prepare ropes for the lynching, the meet
ing having . been arranged previously.
Himself, Claude Brown, Fred Roberts and
K. S. Trowbridge were present. They ad
journed . to- a' shed and ¦ tested the ropes,
Judge Myers agreeing to try to tie a
hangman's knot. ;*"•¦. . .
The court admonished Raker., several
times to conduct himself properly In
framing his questions.. Raker said the
defense, wanted the whole truth, and the
court replied that it did not seem to want
the truth." Raker again asked for a tran
script of the stenographer's notes to prove
that he wanted to get at the facts. Judge
Harrington said that If Raker attempted
to ask for notes again he would send him
to, jail for, contempt. Raker .replied that
his ..Honor was hampering the case and
instructing him in such a manner that he
could not get- at the facts. The Judge
again: reproved counsel for the defense
for their dilatory methods in conducting
theT examination and declared a recess,
not, however, until Raker requested > thai
Hutton be placed in care of the. Sheriff,
which request was .denied as unlawful.
The court admonished the jury to keep
its own counsel. ¦ c ¦ '
Myers Tied the Knot. ;f,^.
The courtroom was unusually crowded
when the examination of Witness Hutton "
was resumed in the afternoon. . The wit
ness, after much Interruption, finally
said that Judge Myers tied all the knots
and that Storekeeper Trowbridge cut the
rope into the required lengths. ' :
The method of- questioning followed by.
the defense •• angered Judge i Harrington,
who reprimanded Raker.
Some of the party, continued - Hutton,
adjourned to Myers' hotel after the meet
ing 'and had drinks. - Raker- attempted to
fix the time of the party leaving the bar
room, and framed his interrogations in
such a manner as to call for a condemna
tion from the court, ¦ who told Raker he
was going beyond the limit prescribed by
law in his conduct of the examination.
"Can't v l get the-.truth, your Honor?"
asked Raker. "I beg of you not to shut
the door." . * " _ ; '
It finally, was i brought out that the
party left : ihe saloon> shortly afj;er 10
o'clock, Hutton seating himself on the
porch, facing, the north road. He was
asked if he saw defendant Brown going
toward his house and replied in the affir
mative, but said that he did , not see
Brown ¦ again between -that time and the
dinner hour. Hutton was asked if there
was any. obstruction in the road between
the olacc where he was sitting and the
barn. "
Sturtevant, for .the prosecution, here
arose 'and protested against going into
such minute details and asserted that the
method of examination, conducted as it
had been, was for the purpose of contro
verting other witnesses. Raker asked if
there was anything unreasonable in en
tering into such details and said that his
purpose was to test the 1 memory" of the
witness. Judge Harrington declared he
would stop Raker's interrogations of the
witness unless he changed his 'tactics.
Invited to the Lynching Be«.
Hutton then told of the conversation he
had with JerverKresge on the afternoon
of May 27 or 28 near the barn. Questions
were so framed by Raker as to call for
numerous objections, and finally the court
propounded, in revised form, several of
Hakar's questions to the'Witness,-repri
manding Raker and saying that Raker
did not desire the full facts in the case.
Hutton' said that Kresge told him of the
plan to: hang certain persons,- explaining
that the law had failed in its purpose and
that lie and others were taking matters in
their ownhands. " ...-'.>.•'.¦•¦¦
, In answer* to a question, Hutton said
that' he had been spoken to before regard
ing the lynching. James W. ' Brown • had
called him. from the. hotel the day before
and Invited him to join the mob. Here the
Judge asked several questions, saying to
Raker: ¦": '•' '•:¦¦- ¦: "¦ \ ¦ - - - ' -¦
"You 1 are trying to tangle and' mislead
the witness* -* That is the reason I take up
the examination at times. ,You are pursu
ing an. unwarranted -course as a lawyer.'
Your methods are objectionable, incorrigi
ble and irascible." ,r
This remark of the Judge was called
forth, by- a statement Raker that the
witness had ¦ sworn differently, befdre: the
Grand ' Jury.1fta*ast^ < S»i)3Ba*fafJ^*yi»JBSag*"'
- Raker asked by what route. Hutton and
Brown -had. reached the point behind the
hotel. where their conversation had taken
place.. This was objected to and the ob
jection sustained,' the court characterizing
Raker as , ah "obstructf onist,". and warn
ing him that if he asked the same question
again he would , order .-.the * witness : from
the • stand." : Raker % reframed the : question
and the court became , very angry,- order
ing Hutton from the 1 stand: until Raker
."cooled down and acted as* a gentleman
and lawyer. V/vu - y -,-- .• - -.-., ¦ .
: .."You seem to be afraid of my coolness,"
•said Raker.- , .- \ ;.<-- -.<
j "I: am not' afraid of you or. any other
man in this court or out of court," replied
the Judge. rA^jtfHe^SenswaJgS^SgXJiM&ii ~v
.After -some delay Hutton ¦ was again
called, to the stand -and told; of a conver—
; sation * held "on the • road near the hotel
;between Isom Eades, '"James W.'", 1 Brown •
and Fred /Roberts- pn, the s afternoon of
-May, 27. "-- Hutton- was ¦ guarding: ; the pris
oners; who " were *• in the hotel; • but over
heard the conversation • of the men In the"
road. : ;.They .were talking 1 about the lynch
ing in such a loud voice' that the prison
ers could hear the conversation." ¦
," Post here objected, as those aame ques-
PRINCE HENRY
WILL OFFICIATE
The Manufacturers' Shoe Sale
Will sell to-morrow 1000 pairs of ladies
and men's $2 50 shoes for $100. Come
right along ¦while you can get your shoes
for such a low figure at the manufactur
ers' sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market street, near Third.
At a previous examination young Hut
ton had sworn that he had gone to bed
on the night of May 30 after seeing Claude
Morris to bed, but to-day- ho said that ho
and Morris had sat on the *porch until
late, in the. night .Raker asked him If
he had not told other persons that he had
gone to bed. and this question was ob-
Jected^ to. Raker. said that he wanted
only the truth, and ' he and Post. had,
"If you do not keep within the ethics of
the law and act like a gentleman I will
put you out. of this case."
Raker replied, saying. "These men."
referring to th© counsel of the prosecu
tion, "howl every time I ask a Question."
The court replied that Raker was doing
all the howling. *','-;>;,
Hutton then told something of the hap
penings of the night of the lynching. He
said that after supper in the hotel Judge
Myers, Samuel Parks, Claude Morris and
one or two others went into Trowbridge'a
store. Here the cross-examination by
.uaKer again became objectionable to the
prosecution and Judge Harrington finally
exclaimed to Raker:
Raker retorted that when the defense
was out of ammunition he wquld let the
court know it. Judge Harrington replied
that the counsel for the defense was sim
ply working with the view of having the
court set the witness aside. .
"I think you are out of ammunition."
tions had been asked and answered be
fore. ' The objection" was sustained by the
court, who remarked to the defense:
words as to one another's truth-telllngr
qualifications. Finally the court inter
fered, sayinc:
"I am tired, debilitated and prostrated
from this siege, and I will order recess
until Monday morning at 10:30." *\ .
Saturday's News Letter.
There is a. srood variety of high-class matter
In 'this week's News Letter. An article on
"The American Abroad," by Ben C. Truman,
takes a prominent place and throws & new
light on the American'* standing abroad. "The
Banner of the Pork and Soap" la a satirical
poem by Wallace Irwln. treating in the au
thor's best style of the "American Invasion of
Europe." "Public Misdemeanors" Is a tran
script from a ghostly admonition of the lato
Cotton Mather aealrut the popular San Fran
ciscan habit of holding hands in public. Elwyn
Hoffman has written. a clever poem on "Tho
Burglar ' and the Merciful Judge" and F. T.
Cooke a skit on "The Last Rehearsal." With,
a newsy Looker On. snappy Town Crier, pun
gent editorial section and clever departments
of society and criticism this week's Newt Let
ter Is one's money's worth.
Insolvent Music Teacher.
Miss M. Haas, a music teacher residing;
In Oakland, filed a petition In Insolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court. She, owes $541 54 and has no assets.
The cost of cable from San Francisco to
Honolulu Is put at 33,000,000.
Spencer Takes a Hand.
Hutton told of visiting Myers* Hotel and
having supper . with , Tetreau, Myers;
Parks and . Supervisor Dennis i Kane.
Counsel for the prosecution again ob
jected and Raker hotly asserted that Gen
eral Post was trying to educate the wit
ness. , Raker repeated this remark several
times during the' morning- session, and
asked' the* court : to order the witness to
face the Jury. The court replied .that a
man with eyes could do. what he wanted
with them. Post called to the attention
of Raker the fact that 'his (Post's) back
was turned on the witness. -
Hutton said that, after leaving Tr'ow
bridge's store, he went 'to a blacksmith
shop with J. J. Potter, and Joe Leventon;
They < met Frank J. Tetreau there.
The witness, after many objections, was
permitted to answer several questions put
to him by counsel for the defense, but
only after they had been reframed by the
court, who objected ;to the manner in
which the. questions were formed. •:
"If you did not ask them it was because
you avoided the opportunity intention
ally." . . > : - - ..¦¦•¦ ¦.'-.'. ¦¦¦-..; .
The defense then took up the cross-ex
amination where It had left off on Thurs
day. Hutton said that he .was in Trow
bridge's store on the afternoon of May 30
with J. J. Potter and Joe Leventon. Much
.time was lost by reason of objections, the
prosecution claiming that the ground had
been already gone over., many times and
that a desire for delay prompted the
method of cross-examination 'by the ¦¦ de
fense. Most of the objections of the pros
ecution were sustained by the court. Ra
ker asked if the court denied him the
right to obtain the complete facts of the
case.' The court replied that he did not/
but- that he -would not tolerate continual
reference to matters already gone over.
Raker defied that < he had ever masked
questions i regarding- doings* on the after
noon of. May 30, and his Honor said:
Court Scores the Lawyer.
Rakerthen tried another tack. • He said
he wanted- to show that the witness -was
restrained of his liberty and ¦ "was . practi
cally. In the custody of the prosecution.
He was told that he was out of order.
Judge Harrington said: -.'¦.•-¦
"I am not going to be bulldozed. I am
going to administer the law as I know It
and if Mr. Raker doesn't know the law
he had better study, it.'v'^:-'- ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ':'• ¦
Raker replied that the prosecution was
trying in every way to throttle Justice.
The defense endeavored to bring out that
Hutton had been .kept under surveillance
by | the prosecution and ! that he ¦' was ¦ ac
companied , by ; Daniel Miller on his jour
neys to and from : the I Courthouse and
when on the streets at other times.- Thia
method of examination was strongly ob
jected to by, the prosecution and the ob
jection was sustained by the court. .Raker,
asked if the' court would "Issue an order
for Hutton to be permitted. to walk down
the street In his (Raker's) company and
¦ be ¦ accompanied 'by.pSherlnT '.Street. j-The
court denied the request emphatically, but
said he would allow a question as to who
accompanied Hutton 1 to • the '* courtroom.
The; question was asked, : Hutton replying
that Miller accompanied him, ...
When proceedings opened tills morning
Raker, for.the defense, asked the court,
as he repeatedly has done before, to per
mit the stenographer, to make attranscript
of the cross-examination of Hutton for
the use. of the defense. The court re
fused, the request and said that the de
fendants had been furnished with a com
plete transcript of the direct examination,
but that full notes of the cross-examina
tion were unnecessary and a drain on, the
finances of the county.' ' -. - '. "-.. '
Baker's Opening Request.
. .ALTLRAS, Jan/ 11.— This .was the third
day. of the j cross-examination ¦) of. John
Hutton, whose confession of the part l.e
took' in the lynching of Calvin Hall,
Frank Hall, James Hall, Daniel Yantis
and 1 . Martin Wilson, on the night of May
o0 last, created such a disturbance in the
camp of the defense. The proceedings
were constantly enlivened- by spicy bits of
repartee between Judge Harrington and
counsel for defendant, James W,. Brown.
Almost from the first minute of to-day's
proceedings bickering commenced: Most
of.it was occasioned- by the peculiar
methods of the cross-examination adopted
by Attorney Raker, for the defense, which
called forth objections, without number
from counsel for the prosecution and fre
quent reprimands of Haker by the court.
At times the quarreling disgusted the
spectators who liliea the courtroom.
Raker asks the same . questions over
again, even j after they " have ' been; an
swered in an apparently satisfactory
manner, and just so often are objections
made and usually, sustained. However,
the court to-day permitted Hutton to an
swer many of the questions, after strenu
ous objections had It**n made by Post or
his colleagues. : -^^
At one stage of the proceedings Judgo
Harrington said that such dilatory tactic3
as were pursued by Raker had never been
allowed in any courtroom in the land, and
declared that hereafter he would confine
the. examination of the witnesses within
the most. rigid bounds. - •
Hutton mado a good witness for. the
prosecution, though on several occasions
Kaker tangled him somewhat. Judge Har
rington appeared to be in an almost-ex
hausted condition and frequently noted
the progress of the- hands around tho
clock, rinally' declaring the court ad
journed/ as he was exhausted by what
he had- passed through- during the last
seven or eight weeks;
Witness /John Hutton Again Gees
/Over the Details of the Modoc •
County Lynching .Bee
V., Last May. y
: . Lawyer Raker.
Continuous \ •• Strife Between
: . Judge Harrington and
Court and <5ounsel for
, Defense Clash in
. -&lturas. -
ENTIRE DAY
IS SPENT IN
WORDY WAR
r THEoSAN^FB&tf^
22
_ _¦ _ ADVEF-TISKKENTS. ' -. 'l '_ _ ". '- -'-
| SIR HENRY PRiCHARD, I
j Scientific Palmist, .1
I Trance-Clairvoyant, |
Direct from London, Engi R
The European press and public recopnize SIR HENRY as the Greatest ||
Palmist and Clairvovant Hvinj?. Where others fall he succeeds with ease. El
and he •will not accent a fee unless you are perfectly satisfied and Bag
receive the information desired. , |1
flQ ft TCCT SIR HENRY WILL TELL YOU YOUR FULL |
HO II ! tb I NAVE, YOUR BUSINESS, Etc. |
3D (THIRTY) YEARS IN EN6LAKD, IRELAND, STUM) and FRANGc, BE 1
WISE, AVOID MIST. K:S, KNOW THY FUTURE, BY CONSULTING; .- |
¦ S|^^| SIR HENRY PRICHARO! I
II . EIR HENRY is the only clalrvoy- FORMER ADVISER TO UKR H
13 ant and palmist ever having been ac- I^ATE MAJESTY THE QUEEN Ol> El
|3 corded receptions by the European EN'GLAND. ' n
¦I sovereigns. He has successfully Graduate of Youphos Occult Co.- IB
II penetrated the secrets of Monarch?. lege in India. Founder and PresiJent Ed
km Princes, Diplomats. Statesmen and of Prichard's "School cf Palmistry,' a
IB the most distinguished in the scicn- London. n
II tific and philosophic world. pi
i| Comments ot European Pras'. I
•2 ilfif ' cliw^tv " s 'r Henry Pilchard Is the createst of K '
J| JSsSrWI ' Kilt tf^V^^V a!l IivtnK psychics: ae a palmist he is- in fcj
il -©a&iiNsH » H I SS^ "Prichard. thp palmist. Is causlngr^qutte a m
'& rS^^V^I "B S I Ffnsatlon in society. Some persons- V.ateto ||
H. ftrwfTiffmSin *>y^V^ fe5»«^^» "The fad of the season 1 5 palmiFtry. All fc|
1% HT l[ yw& Ok^*" —^ i^ffiml^ London is excited. Crowds visit Sir Henry t3
\i\ Hk. 'S^JtT* T ¦ 1 1 IjEKE» Prichard. the psychic and palmist He's B
IB QMk <V^>^ / /^^Irair "Her Majestr has passed away, as per M
ify I V^ \f ' T p&SS&W rcadin S of her hand - Slmplj- another truth- PJ
IS ~ \h\ •a^fflgp "It is reported that Sir Henry Prichard. gl
|i ,yil y^Br tl.e palmist, ha? cleared £20,000 this sea- CJ
! ij *' ifSiUJt?^^ ' '"«V. ; "- "Even King Kdward had his paims read K|
.O . by Sir Henry." — Express. 13
\± Tour future is correctly foretold by this remarkable man, ¦whose career M
j53 has been one of success. Fitted by nature with a power that approaches the B
JH miraculous, he Is acknowledged to be the marvel of the Nineteenth Cen- H
jS tury. Sir Henry Is a prophet of world-wide repute; is recommended by every W
1 one of his patrons. His powers excite the wonder and admiration of even the E|
J ckepticaL His advice is infallible, convincing and beyond dispute. Through • g§
3 his remarkable development of second sight and his thorough knowledge of vi
1 the many sciences peculiar to the men of the Orient, he is enabled to pene- ¦
i | trate the woof and web of human life. ¥1
% Your wish and object In life can be attained. A secret you jl
shou'd know. The power to control. Concerning M
\ business affairs. H
'A He grives dates, facts figures reliable and important advice and In- EJ
1 formation on all matters of Interest in business transactions, law suits, con- M
1 tested wills, life insurance, damage suits, divorces, deeds, mortgages, claims, h
j collections, speculations, adventures, gold mining stocks and all financial d\Z- ¦ M
J faculties. P
LOVE OR t COURTS HIP. g
'f If affairs of the heart or emotions of love interest you, he gives exact and K
1 truthful revelations of all love affairs, settles lovers' quarrels, enables you to B
I win the esteem and affection of any one you desire, causes speedy and happy W
A marriages; tells if the one you l»ve is true; also date of marriage; restores M
S lost affections, peace and confidence to lovers and discordant families; gives m
1 you the full secret; how to- control, fascinate and charm the one you love, pj
a also those you meet, and how to make a person at a distance think of you. il
I He will positively refuse to accept any Sec unless you find him ||
' superior to any medium, palmist or clairvoyant in this §1
city, and receive perfect satisfaction and f|
| the information you desire. |j
I All business sacred and confidential. Maid In attendance. . .., I
t\ Office hours— 10 a. m. to 7 p. m., dally; Sunday, 10 to 5. E|
i TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES— If you cannot call, write and send $1, 2z F|
1 stamp, date of birth and 3 questions, and receive correct answers by return ja
% mail. Palmistry taught; mediumistic persons developed. Fees moderate. • . ¦
2 All mail matter and P. O. money orders should be addressed to Sir fm
5 Henry's private secretary, Mr. C. F. WALSH, this address. Private parlors ' m
0 and office. "¦:¦-.:¦.. . H
1 un4. Markpt Strppf 1104 C0R^"^ ST I
1 iSUT 1 IflUlflUI U II UUI I E UT Opp. Z.nkand's I
g Suits U, 12. 13, 14, 15 and 15>A, THE VENDOME. m
$~i Up stairs. First Floor, Reception Rooms 13 and 14. ' H
A| r r n n If I I Corner Fourth and
I A L L U I I V A I Market. S. F. Try
I II I" l" llil I ill our. Special Brew. >
Unl L 1 1 U InL Steam and Lager.
wiiita uvil I tm (^ overcoati and
... vallees checked frtt
The "White" Is ling"
QF AUTOMOBILES ,
Two Carloads of "White" Steam Garria:es
Just Armed. .
¦'¦-¦^ • -¦
The carriape which won the great New York
to Buffalo endurance contest, against the woild.
We claim we have practically the only SUC-
CESSFUL Automobile on the market, for any
one t<i use, except an expert engineer.
It is ns simple aa an electric motor to aper-
ste; as noireles^ as a bicycle; Is economical in
the us'- of fuel, and Is solidly built so that re-
f.air bin* are not one-tenth of what they are
< n otl:cr makes.
It lias no water-glass and no tampering with
the fire or the pump by the operator.
Any lady can learn to operate It as succees-
foUy as the best mechanic. •
If ycr. have had unsatisfactory experience in
?•xpcrinicridng with cheap automobiles, you
have no one to blame but yourself.
Our imputation, which we have maintained
f~r a half-century for manufacturing and put-
ling; our name on only the HIGHEST CLASS
¦ •f goods which pive the best satisfaction Is a
;-uarantr»c worth something. THE VALUE OF
A GfAIiANTT is NOT. in. what is said,, but
l:i WHO says it. •
We »>ay we have the best Automobile ever
fcuilt and that THE BEST IS THE. CHEAP-
EKT. and challenge successful contradiction. '
Call nt our otpec. 300 to S06 Port Bt... where
we have two carloads cf "WHITE" Carriages
that liave JUEt arrived on exhibition, and let us
prove our assertion, or write for Catalogue and
deEcriptive matter.
White Sewing Machine Co.
C. A. HAWKINS, General Agent,
100-305 Post St., Corner Stockton,
Under Pacific-Union Club bunding. ~
Telephone Black 1106. •••¦"; . -
.. . . _ . - -
HEW ADVEBTIgEJIDElirTS.
MNC|1|||||
THIS MIGHTY
;v HEALING POWER?
All the Land Wonders at the
Remarkable Cures Effected <
N by Professor. Adkin.
HEALS DISEASES CALLED INCURABLE •
Minivers, Doctors and Professional
Men Tell How He Has Cared the ;
Blind, the Lame, the Paralytic
and Many on^ the Very
Brink of Death.
• ' . ' fl M ill! ¦ II.- IIIIW ¦¦ .
FREE HELP FOR THE ; S1CK. \
Professor Aikin Offers; to Help j
AM Sufferers from Any Disease * \
Absolutely Free of Charge. \
Professional Men Inves- j
tigate His Powers.. J
: PROF. THOMAS F. ADKIN.
President of the Institute of Physicians and
Surgeons.
In all parts of the country men . and women, .
doc.tors and, surgeons,/ .clergymen and educa-
tors, are wondering? at 'the remarkable cures
mad£ by Prof. Thomas F. Adkin, discoverer
cf the Adkin Vitaopathic . treatment.
A-of. Adkin heals .not by "drUgs, nor by
Christian Science, nor by Osteopathy, nor by
Hypnotism, nor- by Divine healing, but by a
subtle psychic force of nature in combina-
tion with certain vital " magnetic : remedies
•which contain the very elements of life and
health.- . • .. ;;, . •
A reporter recently . talked with Prof. Ad-
kin and was asked to invite all readers of
this paper .who are sick or who are worried
i y the ills of ; those dear to theoi to write
to 'him for assistance. "Some people have -1e-
clared," said Prof. Adkln, "that ray .powers
are of God; they call me a-Divlne healer;, a'
man of mysterious powers.- This is not 'so. I
cure because I understand nature, because I
use tho subtle force of nature to build up the
system, and restore health. - But at the same
time I believe that the Creator would- not
have given me the. opportunity to make the
discoveries I have made or the ability to
develop them if he had not Intended that 1 1
should use them for the good of humanity.
I. therefore, feel that it is my duty to Rive
the benefit Of the science I practice to all who
are suffering. I want you to tell. your read-
ers that they can write to me. in the strict-
est confidence if they -are troubled -with -any-
kind of disease, and I will thoroughly diag-
nose their cases' and prescribe a 'simple home
treatment ¦ which : I • positively, guarantee to
effect a complete cure, 1 -- absolutely free of
charge. I 'care not I how serious their cases,
nor how hopeless they may seem, I want them
to write to me and let me make them well, I
feel that this Is my life's work."
So great is the sensation wrought la the
medical world by the wonderful cures per-
formed by Prof. Adkin that . several profes-
sional gentlemen were asked :. to .investigate
the cures. Among • these gentlemen | were Dr.
L. B. Hawley and Dr. L. G. Doane, both
famous physicians ' and surgeons. After ¦ a
thorough and painstaking investigation theso '
eminent physicians were so astounded at . the
far-reaching powers of Prof. Adkin and the
woiiderful efficacy of Vitaopathy , that .they
volunteered to forsake all other ties in life and
all other kinds of ' treatment and devote them-
selves to assisting Prof. » Adkin ..in [ his great
work for humanity. With the discovery of the
Adkin Vitaopathic treatment eminent physi-
cians are generally agreed that the treatment
of disease has at last been reduced to an exact
science. " , . ¦"
¦ In all, some 8000 men and women have been
cured by the powers of Prof. Adkln. .Some
v. r ere blind, some were lame, some v/ere deaf.
Home were paralytics, scarcely able to move,
so great was their, infirmity. Others were
afflicted with Bright's disease, heart disease,
consumption and otheft so-called iniuirable dls-
| eases. Some were sufferers from kidney
trouble, dyspepsia, nervous debllityX Insom-
nia, neuralgia, constipation, rheumatism, fe-
. male troubles and other similar ills. Some
were men and women addicted" ' to drunken-
ness, morphine and other evil habits. In all
cases Prof. Adkin treats he guarantees a cure.
Even those on the brink of the grave, with
all hope of recovery gone and despaired of by
doctors and friends alike, have been restored
to perfect health by the force of Vitaopathy
and Prof. Adkin's marvelous skill. • And re-
markable as it may seem, distance has. made
. no difference. Those living far away have been
' cured In the privacy of their own homes, aa
well as those who have been treated : in per-
son.. Prof. Adkln asserts that he can cure any
: one at any distance aa t well as though , he
stood before them. ¦. ¦••.-.
. Not long ago John Adams of Blakesbury,
, Iowa, who had been lame : for twenty years,
was permanently cured by -Prof. Adkin with-"
¦ out an operation of any kind. About the same
> time the city of Rochester, ,N. T., , was startlec
¦ by the cure of one of its oldest residents, Mr. >
P. A. Wright, who had been partly blind for a
'. long period. John E. Neff of Mlllersburg, .Pa.,,
who had suffered I for years from g a cataract
over, his left eye, was speedily restored to per-
' ' feet sight without an | operation. From Logans-
> port, Ind., comes the news of the recovery of
s Mrs. Mary-. Eicher," who had been practically
deaf for a year, while In -Warren, \ Pa.; Mr. G.
W. Savage, a noted photographer , and artist,
who was not only partially blind and deaf, but
at death's door from a complication of dls*
eases, was restored to perfect health and
strength -by Prof. Adkin. . V •' -„ -¦
Vitaopathy cures. not one disease alone, but
It cures ail diseases when used in comblna-
- tlon with the proper remedies. If you are elck,
' no - matter . what your disease, nor - who ' eays
, you cannot be cured; write ¦ to Prof. " Adkin
to-day; tell him the leading ' symptoms . of
3 your complaint, how. long you have been suf-
) fering, and be will at once diagnose your case,'
- «tell you the exact disease from which you are
l suffering and - prescribe ¦ the 'treatment that
s will positively cure you. 1 This will cost you ab-
> solutely nothing. Prof. Adkln will- also send you
. a copy of his marvelous new book ent;tled
3 "How- to .'.Be v Cured -.-'and' .How..- to'- -Cure
a Others." This book tells : you exactly . how
' Prof. Adkln will cure you. It fully, and com-
pletely describes the nature "of his wonderful
" treatment. It 'also explains to ¦ you ' how • you
' yourself may possess this great healing power
and cure the sick around you. ;../..
3 - Prof. • Adkin ¦> does " not ask > one cent for ; his
- services In this ¦ connection. • They .will -' ; be
- given to ! you absolutely free; He has 'made a
- wonderful discovery, and he wishes to" place
r it In: the hands of every sick ; person > in this
f country, that he may be - restored '. to perfect
t health and strength. . Mark ' your letter per-
o sonal r when' you write, . and ¦ no . one < but - Prof."
j Adkln will see It. Address Prof. Thomas F.
s Adkin. office 282N,; Rochester, N..Y. •
hearts together as Ismar had prophesied.
They became engaged. Their marriage
was to take place in a short- time, and It
Seemed that in this Ismar's prognostica-
tion was destined to fail, for she had said
that the month of October would -mark
the Wedding day. But it had not»been
guess work with Ismar; she had read the
veiled page of destiny as one reads a
book, and she had told aright. Just as
the crowning event of love seemed dawn-
ing upon the lovers, insurmountable diffi-
culties arose and impeded their happiness
by deferring their marriage. In spite. of
all they could do, the months rolled by.
and October came, when fortune smiled
upon their compact and they were made
Wonderful as the story is, without en-
tering into its intricacies^ it is wonderful
enough to thrall the; stoutest and most
skeptical heart with awe when we enter
into Its details and learn that every, crook
and turn,* every, difficulty, every event of
joy and sorrow that the ruthless current
of f ate. bore • thern^ resistlessly down upon
was accurately foretold by . mystical Is-
mar. To Miss Voeller, when she called
upon Ismar in March, the future was as
dark and doubtful as a starless night; but
tolsmaitv the seer, it was as clear as tb.3
light of noontide. ; Miss Voeller had no se-
rious thought of matrimonjrwhile she vis-
ited in San Francisco, save that, like the
average normal girl, there lingered in her
heart a subtle hope that some day somo
man might come Into her life arid claim
her as his own. But her future husband
was accurately described, even as to ap-
pearance and disposition, and she was
advised to marry him If she valued her
future happiness. She left Ismar's mys-
tical sanctum bewildered, but nursing a
new-born hope. Shortly afterward she re-
F.' Humeltenberg.
1. by ths Rev. W. M.; Kincaid. * Miss Hattte
J Voeller was united in marriage with Mr. W.
MARRIED.
HUMELTENBERG— VOELLER— On October
The following notice appeared in a
Honolulu paper ; . corroborating the above
let(er and ¦ substantiating the 'remarkable
story ¦ that follows, wherein.' two hearts
were united In holy love by the supernat-
ural prescience of Ismar, the seer:
HONOLULU, H. I., Xov. 25. 19Ol.-^Ifmar,
Egyptian Se«rc£S. 1148 Market street, San
Francisco, /Cal. — Dear; Ismar: It- gives me
pleasure to write j - ou from this far-off land —
Honolulu; and I wish to*tejl you that I *m
new married, .AS YOU SAIP I WOULD be In
October, | and that all the I tilings you " told me
have come-^true. i-I thank --you • for all, • Dear
Ismar, .' and do hope you will, come to Hono-
lulu some time.- I was in San Francisco last
March, at v/hlch time you read my hand. I
will close with best wishes and hope. to have
an answer soon from you. .< I
- MRS.HATTIE HUMELTENBERG,
¦ Formerly • Miss Hattie Voeller, '
-;'.;", v . . Honolulu. H. 1.
Ismar's wonderful, power to penetrat*
the future and foresee events is grfven ad-
ditional strength by reason of her thor-
ough knowledge of tho sciences peculiar
to the people of the Orient, where she was
born and amons whom she lived for many
years. ,
Those who are worried and melancholy
she sets at rest by disclosing the means
of 'avoiding Impending disasters and re-
verses; she shows bow success can be at-
tained, no matter what present conditions
may be; gives Invaluable counsel in busi-
ness or speculation so as to Insure suc-
cess. In affairs of the heart she Is abl<>
to revcai the proper course to pursue, and
her foreknowledge and advice have been
the means of making thousands of young
people happy during the past few years.
Many of the best and most prominent peo-
ple, both in business, society and politics.
have added new successes to their names
by consulting her before attempting some
contemplated move.
What Ismar has done for others ihe Is
able to do for you. All her readings are
strictly private and confidential. Her
hours of consultation are daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; Sunday, from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
Office, 1143 Market Street, opposite Sixth.
' Ismar's readings by mall arc fully as
satisfactory as those given In person,
three questions answered. Jl: full life
reading. $5. Send lock of hair, date and
year of birth. ¦
husband and wife. In accordance with the
words of the marvelous Ismar. Mrs. Hu-
meltenbers wrote the letter at the heart
of this article as an ¦ expression of grati-
tude to Ismar for the remarkable and yet
Joyful realization of the tatter's myste-
rious foresight. The incident detailed
above seems almost startling to the aver-
age reader: but to Ismar it is merely an
every-day commonplace, it 13 merely one
of thousands. It has been her mission to
find wives for men and husbands for
women: to point out the road of fortune
to hundreds: to discover the lost and re-
store .them to loved ones; to make men
and women all over ¦ America happy In
countless different ways.
turned to her far-off Island home, still Im-
pressed by. the. wonderful words of proph-
ecy that Ismar had poured into her maid-
en ears. At last she met the man whom
Ismar had so accurately described— sh.j
recognized him— loved him In spite of her-
self as she never before, dreamed she
could love. Her happiness became un-
bounded when she learned her love was
reciprocated. Fate had welded their
True in Every Word and Foretold in Detail by
the Marvelous Ismar;
WMM WONDERFUL TALE,
=STEBLING FURNITURE =
$16.00 Is Ovr Price for
This Handsome
Column Extension Table
Doubt if you ever heard of one before for less than $25 00.
It has the appearance of a massive center table when dosed.
' When opened the massive 7-inch column divides and discloses the
extra leg that supports the center. - »wwaca us
When closed the handsome round top is 42 inches in diameter.
It's made of solid oak, of course, finished golden. . v.
We have it in. two • sizes—
TO EXTEND TO SIX FEET.... S16.OO
TO EXTEND TO EIGHT FEET../.'."^.?© •
G — "¦ — — : — ; o
A Very Good ¦^USbS'-
.Dining Chair for AwHEffl
Made of elm, finished golden. The Vi eggftSS II
seat is woven with select cane. Legs, f\ llil II DO 0 II
back and spindles area little heavier l\ V\{ 1 1 | | If
We do not hesitate to aay.that this ftA all ig 1 " I'l
can" be bought in San Francisco for .Ml • \ 1 1 1 V V 1/
jss ana oar. J^^^^^^^y.
All dealers favor a FEW. WVnffF^^
We tryst YOU., " -1^ =*dpr^^
Wcscllontimeanddonot jT.^ //-^^^
asK interest, and we arrange R ¦' L^ lllT *rl
|!or payments that suit YOUR - 1
STEftlMG Furniture Company
1039 MARKET, OPPOSITE McALUSTEP.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ',]';¦¦;*¦''
First Trial v
Raiioved Piles-
- From Geo. ,C. Gelck,; Owens Mill, Mo,: "Soni<; r
, time j ago j Ij bought a | package of Pyramid Pile
Cure for .my ;wlfe,who had suffered v very, much.J
,The first trial dl<j her more good than Anything. 1
she has ever; tried.; , It Is Just: what is ! claimed
' for , it • for < it ' cured . her : completely." .- For . sale
by all druggists. "lattle* book "PileB, Cause and
.Cure" l tnailea : free. Pyrainia ' Drug Co.," Mar-
BhalLMIch,. ; . . : ¦¦ -. ,.
ISMAR.; CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. 11.— The bankers'
committee In 'charge, of .the Everett-Moore syn
dicate - to-d»y : received a telegram from , Henry
Ar.Kverett in New York. statins that the East
ern creditors would co-operate with the com
mittee In granting extensions. -
At a meeting of ; the stockholders of ; the
Columbian Banking , Company held Satur- 1
day,' January 11. the following; were elect,
ed directors: -; C O. Perry, James H. Swift,"
Allen Griffiths,. R. ; L. Lllienthal, J. C,Cur
rier," F.,Ii. Turpin and I. J.\Truman. . ' —
Ata meeting of; the directors after; the
meeting of ; the , stockholders . the I following
officers were elected: for the ensuing, year:
I.J. Trumaxi.J)resident; F.' L. Turpin; vice
president; J." C. Currier, secretary and sec
ond assistant cashier; p. - I*-- Lllienthal;
cashier; C. A. Smith, first assistant cash
ler^ r ' ,.......';_...'._;..'...-,...;:; .[
Bank 5 Elects Officers.
Of -the Boston Clothing -Co.. has for his
patrons, a special offer 'of 5Q0. men's all
wool -suits'; "• Scotch -tweeds ' of heavy
weight .in' desirable; checks, single and
double breasted. -worth 518.00, for $4.63. at
the .^bankrupt clothing sale, 773 -Market
street, near Fourth. nHHBBHSsl
P:- C. Kelly," Assignee,
Convention Adjourns After Transact-
ing Considerable Business of
Importance to Dealers.
The convention of the California State
Cycle Board of Trade came to a close yes
terday and the delegates departed for
their homes. The various committees ap
pointed to prepare a new schedule of
prices on tires, repairing and incidentals
reported, and their reports were accepted.
H. S. Burke of Los Angeles, L P. Allen
of San Francisco and E. J- Piebault of
Oakland composed the committee on re
pair prices: J. W. Leavitt of 8an Fran
cisco. E. H. Cribben of Los Angeles and
A. H. Wright of Stockton- reported in
stallment prices, and a committee com
posed of C. H. Lyon of Los Angeles, H.
A. Smith of San Jose and J. W. Leavitt
of this «-ity reported on tires and the grad
ins. of same.
llcsolutions were adopted authorizing
the directors to communicate with deal
ers in order to secure a uniform repre-
The 1 Rev. Father J. P. McQuaide was
appointed rector of the parish of the Holy
Redeemer a' year ago and. in that short
time he has- accomplished great, results.
Last November he- held a bazaar in aid
of the church fund and realized • over
$14,000. : - • ' v . -- . '-...
. The new church is a handsome edifice
and a number of the parishioners have do
nated offerings of a' substantial character.
Father McQuaide was presented wi th , the
pulpit, . ana several handsome memorial
windows have been placed in the church
by j the parishioners. The \ music - to-day
Archbishop Riordan will dedicate the
new ; Church of the Holy . Redeemer this
morning. at 10:30 o'clock. After the dedi
cation solemn high mass will' be celebrat
ed by the Rev. Father K. P. Dempsey, and
in the evening- vespers will, be sung, fol
lowed by; a sermon by the Rev. Father
Charles Rnmm ¦ \apKAimflKmA/mfat\ttmiamta\
After Which Solemn High Mass
Will Be Celebrated.'
Archbishop Riordan Will Officiate,
; The' Supreme Court- yesterday "issued: a
writ ; of habeas, corpus; in; behalf of -I. N.'
Conklln,. the ex-soldier who .recently, at
tempted suicide in" the Oakland ; jail after
being arrested on a charge ofiblgamy. It
is alleged .in • the i petition . ; that Chief j of
Police Hodgkins has no legal right to hold
the - defendants and ¦'• the ; court' is asked ; to
order his ', releas.c.v The case will be ar
gued next Tuesday morning.
•Conklln belonged to the .Tenth Pennsyl
vania 1 anil - when he > returned
from.the wars and: had. secured a position
as <motorman .with' the. Oakland -Transit
Company '.he? save.: his attention vto mai
ters of love.:- It isjalleged that he finally,
found ', a girl : whoiwas ; willing . to i marry
him, -but .fortunately.: she^ investigated his
record and the match was called off, when
she < discovered that*, he 1 had; avwife . and
three- children in Pennsylvania.- ¦- ' ,,:
-. However/.Conklin was not disheartened.
Oakland: Hotonnan in Jail
for Bigamy. ¦
Supreme Court : Grants aHearing ; to
• ¦ Much less than the ordinary amount ol
rain for, December and January haa fall
en. ; however. Only .14 of an Inch of rain
fall is . resrtstered for this month. Four
Inches less of rain fell in December than
in the same month of 1900. The interior
of the. State is suffering from the long
continued - spell of dry weather and tha
crops will be seriously injured if a changa
does not- occur, before long 1 .- During th<
last "fifty years the present lack of rain
for January has been equaled but nin«
times. In 1877 no rain fell until January
16. " Indications are that showers may b«
expected within a few days.
Forecaster McAdie states that, contrary
to the - general opinion. , the weather has
been no cooler thus far this • year than
usual. -The cold is felt more, he says, be
cause of an unusual amount of molstura
In the air.' This is caused by the winda
bringing the tule fogs from the valleys of
the lnterior.l<HSB8B** 1 fifi8* E 8HSattB5Bita«rtW«
Causes Cold to Be Felt More
Appreciably.
Forecaster McAdie Says ' HoistorQ
CHURCH OF HOLY BEDEEMER '
TO BE DEDICATED TO-DAY
CYCXE BO AED OF TBAI>E
CONCLTTDES ITS SESSION
"¦'¦ Sopranos— Madame Prankard, Mlsa Gertrude
Froat. Miss Margaret ". O'Donnell. Miss Mary
Moran Mica ¦ Sarah Kane. ; Miss : Mary Qulnn,
Miss Julia Oswald. Mies Elizabeth Santry, Mlsi
Agnts McGillan. MIes Darmody. Miss Jacque*;
al'toa Mls)§ ¦ Kenneddy. > Miss .' Lillian : Wilson,
Miss Bertie Roache. Miss Louisa O'Neil. "Miss
Lllllc Kane;', tenors — Matthew Brady' Andrew
toulnn, Mr. Meslnl, Mr. v Doudall, : Mr. Kelly;
baesos— Frank . Skully. Mr. I Hlckey.- Mr. '¦ Jacques
and J. Somers; .' Professor ¦' Martinez . will pre
side-at. tbeortan."" v "'I. -_•, ¦.- .
will be rendered by the following members
of the choir: -V* - '. - '-¦":_* ' ' ' :
CONKI/IN GAINS \ POINT
IN nOHLT' FOB FREEDOM
sentatlon at future meetings. An adjourn
ment was taken to meet In Los Angeles
th« third Tuesday In next January.
The visiting- delegates enjoyed a ban
quet at a downtown rotlsserie on Friday
night.
The officers elected for the ensuing
term are: President. W. J. Kenny, San
Francisco; vice president, E. H. Crippen,
Los Angeles; secretary, J. ; E. Briegel,
Oakland; assistant secretary. P."- H. . Ly
ons. Los Angeles; treasurer, W. A. Jones,
Sacramento: directors — A. H. .Wright,
Stockton; H. Schwartz, Napa; A. T. Dex
ter. Alameda; "W. H. Hoppe, Los Ange
les; E. R. Bailey, Pasadena; Charles Dib
ble, Santa Clara; L P. Allen,. San Fran
cisco; J. A. Desimone, San Jose: George
Faulkner, Oakland; C. Bell, Pomona;
James Banta, Sacramento; S. J. Moore,
San Bernardino; E. J. Plebault. Oakland;
George Schilling, Santa Rosa; - H. B.
Smith, San Jose, and Fred Gregory,
Fresno. ' ¦ '. ..; ¦:
WEATHER FOB JAOTABY -
NO COOLER THAN TTSXTAU
On December 6 he was married to lltes
Elizabeth H. Gernrelch of Oakland. The
young ¦ lady, to whom Conklin was first
engaged saw an account of the marriage
In the papers . and • after cutting .it -out
she : serit . it ; back - to ? the man's rela
tives In the East. "The father of the mo
torman's real wife wrote to the Oakland
Police : Department ' and the bigamist . was
arrested, on •New 'Year's, day. , Next ; day
he : tried to commit ¦ suicide by asphyxia
tion • and J since ! then he : has ' been engaged
In trying to secure: his freedom on legal
technicalities.
THE SAN FRANCISCO VGALI,; : : fStr^^^^ANU^Y->i3^9f>2;
To Brink Evans' Ale
Is to." be rewarded with a pleasure not to /be
found with any other — and now is the time.
Sherwood & Sherwood, • San- Francisco, - Port
land, Lot Ancrelei, Seattle. ' - ' -. '
23
THE EMPOBITTM. "' | THE EMPOBIITM. ; 'T- \ ¦,' THE -; EMPOItlUM. | ' " ' v v _l-y '^ THE EMPOBIUM.- | THE EMPOBIUM.
I Neck Ruffs ' We have purchased Wm. Keith's great;^^«« - -' "CleaM-tip" Sale jT ;
t S'2* Kind §3 £ 68. painting — Thc Head Waters o! thc Merced— l^lflii S" nH S9Sm mM H H I WiM On spf cial saIc t0 our customcrs a!1 this wctk ( nonc of Men's Hals "?
*. dffi% w c have received ju:t Pronounced by critics to be this famous || || W g. I?H W^%FgK>m B I H s ° !d todeaIc ") o & •"¦/ ' and Bovs' Gsan. i
i fS# n time to include in the artist s masterpiece, and, beginning to- '¦ ¦¦pP* CaiiforrM^ L^r^cst-^^^iwR S for 2Sc. -..;;.-* ft;».I B hd. J@^ *
I WWf ii]c - a hrgc morrow, will exhibit it free, of charge in M &* -An\cric2>:5 Or^ixdclt 5torc "^ ? fl| Owls. Renowns. Fedora Hats f -J
£ Mz *;*P rr " shi P^ cnt of Wgh our Art Gallery on second floor. ';.-}¦¦¦ . . # :. Nathan Halo's m e diu°° m^ (^ -J
f &%^-J*!&i ' i% ' ' LX '\ A ' ' " C / u' : ' ~~~* ' ' ~ ~~ ' '- ~~~ r ~- — ••'¦• .- ¦¦ -- - ' ,"'-•¦ - " ¦ ~ : ' ¦',' ~ .•-.-'- ¦' " ' "~ - ' ¦ ' .' .¦".."' — shape, worth 3*
.' Several immense special purchases from prorninent .'.Eastern manufacturers^ together -with ,hundreds~of-odd.pieces J ;sizes and lots of mer- }ul" 0 Z $
¦ 0rf -i.-cturer; there are b^h chandise, such as every woman wants, will start \vithirresistible= enthusiasm, the .. ..-• ':¦ ' ,. .. ._: men ?°s CI ? • "^^ $
* i.r^s^oT^fesl^ndi^ T here 9"\ be no dou P^ if the :' weather is favorable to-morrow^that our selling capacity will be tested to the utmost limit. Come in the ,"**"*• »k.-. . .'. . . . . i6g $
*, as k u thry go on «i e ' £»'« morning, if possible, to get quickest service and first selections of the new "clean-up-' sale offerings.' -Extra help Monday.^ , :¦¦••¦ ,^. , «2
jtf to-morrow, each. .;.,. 1 : > " - ¦ ' -¦¦¦¦••:•¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦•¦¦-- - ' ¦ ' - ' '¦ ¦¦ - - -¦ '•••¦¦;- ¦¦ - ' ¦' ¦ - / - " ¦ ' -\ - ____ lit the *; S''
I curtain Sale. ' & n Enoa*mous Purchase Men's Clothing H^ZJ!^X^1 j
?• • ; ii ««' -V ' < _-' ' '_ w -^ m '.':-L^fH - . " - _ , side of bu'ilding, you wUl find every modern 3«
t Great Valves lor the Annual "Clean- Hf 431 £B £*#1^ "M^OBmb V\3ai&®* €&V *%R #TiOI# AM ##•£& f1ff%BB£2B+ \ conveniencc for Ha;r Dr«,in S and -Manicuring, -5
% Up" B'i SD-CM DVrcha'£S o! desir- S^&^SB BJf B 6Z*Jt%P 3f L UV I/Crfll0 %MBB SfffCr BJWMBBiCBB^B • . * and will be ghren thc best of attention and wtls- $
*>* ,M-f.»».u 1 Hv*wioi«a ui w»u ,/ : f *^ '-: . . , . 4 - ¦ . factory work by attendants who are artists in JI
I SS^J^iTS^TS- (2*r> r-S (OI- And many &hort lines Children's Stylish Glothing at ahout half real worth, ne ¦, . *
K broKen lines and 'src 8 -c pairs that are df^f <^ > JA We hs * vs bought from Schwartz & Co., New York, well knovsn Manufacturing J^SS SSS^^JiL T St£ * : 5
i already marKed at "Cican-Vp n Sa!c v l3 v^ Tailors, their entire winter stock of Men's Clothing, consisting of 1 160 suits, at about 56 cents on the » d ?"[ «**&* ; r wav y ha5r - w O men- S and :j
, _^ .."• • *\ ¦*] \J^*T -\ ± J ; _# ,g . t ° ¦ '. . , . . Men s Wigs made to order, a per'ect fit guaran- «j
k prices. ? ../NjV >O5vS. XSL HOjtar. 0J .; ' V .. . . / * teed. Ladles wishing, to have their own hair ',
wo pairs Musiin Curtains-Cottage oraini, v^t^Ts^v CvV>\^ This p;reat purchase has arrived \x\ time to begin its sale to-morrow,', in connection with our great combing, made «» a .witch «« hiTe the w«k y
% hgura *ad Striped: worth a « pair, "clean- ¦¦ J\ / S* t_v«T A t nr£\ r .« r« i • ' J '¦'¦ ti Pi • -j £'\ • - .,* ,-. . j :t j done for Ji.oo. Wigs to rent for parties and 5
I up" saieprice. . . . . . . . . B9c /\ f \| 7^ f\ }/ A Annual . Clean-up Sale now in progress. The styles and.fabncs are the latest, and every suit and ba ,^ : - A n,kind. of hair work n»£ at *«« 5
J. 250 pairs Nottingham u.ce Curuins^^ / 1 L \ f 7 \ \ overcoat is made up and trimmed in a creditable manner. • ' \ notice. , f ' n . \
j,« yards long, 4.0 and 45 inche* wide, hand- / L-*. f • > \ ¦ / \ t .1 t-% 1 r 1 f\ m j » r-v 1 ¦ • • 1 ' j. 1 : n 1 * f j ir- 1 l 1 £1 Any suie of Hair Dressin?, aec. JC
»: wme .ji-ovcr pattcm/, heavy net, $1.15 //^J^ I > , \ / i \ » n the Boys and Children s Department we have taken all our broken lines, and small lots left J scai P Treated, 5 oc. V-ii .«
J, value; saieprice, per pair. . . . 880 - I^MzcSi L^ /f>\ ° /w i . Li from our best styles of Fall and Winter Clothing, and have ; greatly reduced the "prices to . clear them shampoo, coc_, 5^
j^ 52 pz:-$ Colored Muslin CurUins— Rose and /^ZftV* *v* P v / I I v L : i. ' J 1 t 1 • ° .°* ,-- J ~--_ .. r Ladies* Manicuring, 15c. T> - S
t fleur de lb pittcrns; regularly $1.50 per pair, / /VM^^Hk Wk/ • O/i^V< /' M OUt immediately. ;,/> . -/ Gentlemen's Manicuring 50c. - S
j: saieprice $1.13 / I J^^T/iC^V ' --jPM^ A*v^ tCT\ Mcn ' s $ l2 -50 and $13.00 Suits, $8.45— All o r the new effect3 in standard fabrics; the very latest styles in tht Military broad shoulders, Facial (M magi and Faes Bleaching tL V
Jt uindows «dfcr all large irindom, regularly J^T\ \\7 T TH : , U f * V " y SU?C "° r ¦ mmn "- i * C ™ ** * 1 2> 5°^ and $ l 5<°° vaIuc5 ? marked % th» sale ;........... ;..v. ..... —«*-*^ , ' >r
• 5i-7S * p*jf, "ic price ..... 4F/.23 i^rf Y , \ \\\ -J -(TO) j Jxk /v? r M n's $17.59 and $20.00 Suits, $10.85—^ :l.nO mpnOajf- * n
£ Fine Uc« CurUin^About i 5 opain of real TT • I Vi \V . W s\. . -KWX i*.^AVoTrted^ LiUUOrSnlC. 5
m erussejs lnsn romt, oattcnoerg* and Ara- w ** m . . \ I \ t»«* 1 I \ r I * " c - i • ' t tt - • rr r ' ¦ t« i • ' t " ' '¦ '' '• " i *¦'•¦'* ' i • w* , w •
V bass at greatly reduced prices; per pair .. . / A V \A f\~-J /} L/^\ padded collars, stifF fronts, lined with pure wool serge, • genuine $17.50 and $20.00 values; &«4£ J©'» A Good Claret— Sound Sonoma Wine that -J
* . . $Q,2B 9 » -*\ V. V \ A * IMJ1; "" " iar ' Ced fOr thlSSa^ C - ••.•... : .......... ....;. mp* %****** our customers , are weU acquainted with. Tj "
X $8,50, $10.53, *14,59 V \i_^ J^oJU-^J /\ \Ov\\t /fitAv M:n's $12.50 Overcoats, $8.45— Medium 5
%' :#-- \ \ . ]VS-'L-^**^ \ J— tt ! >i \ \~* > 111 \ )?>- ...... , , jr., • • a t i j r 1.' i £9cB«a#i3 Whiskev — Willis Anderson County, sprng of -J
*£ ~ \ V J 11 \'"n A Wf seevs linings, cut Ion v make and finish very superior, a genuine $ 1 2.50 value; marked for this sale. .. <%"fc**~^f ' '93; Monday, : per gallon . .~..$2*OD~ £
$ Popular MUSlCw r \Yv JL^ \* A l\\ /\\^ Yowths* $10.00 Suits, $6.98— For boys 13 to 19 years of age,' the kind, of clothing^ the stylish chap likes/ new broad Cutter's A! Whiskey— A pVulaV Bonbon, jr—
*° n.,~ «,.;,.. «,^. u« • ' 1 fr^y : : -v\-' w a/ J ' yv / \l shouldered designs, hand ;om; patterns in light and dark effects, in rough' cheviots, cass : m;res and gt*/E* O4D Monday; per bottle 72o «5
t : publications as soon « they «« issued. - ' »ll^3i WNJH/ / "^ / L $!0 ' Q ° RuSiian OvercO3ts 54-98-Onc of the most charnrng s'y!e3[ gotten up : last fall, a cute, 1 becoming garment for litt e Cry sta !Ld Reck and Rye- For coughs Ind 3
$ Oar talented pianist can plav any piece ; f HI ""TIT U\ \\ // \ / T allows 3 to 7 years ot age, made with belts, in blue, red, griy,;brown«nd olive, sold regu'arly by us qjj colds; Monday, per bottle ..... 43o •*
t" .U f rnn .^.u .1, »1, / r ill- \\ /A 1-^***^ I / I at tlO.OO.. marked for this sale.. ....... ;........-..-.....*......;; ;.V.. I... .. Fine Riisiing— A clear sparkling table wine, *5
I S^^^J^ ' nX^jJYi \ Boy^^SSanorSvib^S^es^boys^og y«A of,a gC ,mad^fb-u e ch e v:or, collars have four g th, win p!ease; per sa ,,on 75o g
»: buyitornot. Here arc half a dozen 3^— 5. A N 1 I '- rows of wh tebjaid, a pract ca .good xvearmg suit, regularly $2.45,. marked for this sale %J9 B m-T%9 ; jl
»* popular pieces: -¦^^ — \^^>>> 7 L I ' ' B " 5 ' AH'^OO 1 K n«« Pants Suits $2.35— SV.:s for 8 to .15 years of^ age,' broken lines and small lots, from i^s • The MondaV j«
k «ni-.ii#- •• n *'*^*^ >o>^C) */ r I I our best se' in? J3. 00 '.and J4-00 suit-, marked for this sale. ,'.'¦. . ./.-. V. !'. . . *PA£m*3& /••fAnowt* o_f A 5f
i= «t«»w' S£7 ° pB^rt ' / ' T J^ 1 v B^' Three-piece Knee^ Pants Suits JS.tt-SVs for ages 9 to 15 years, made of all-wool b'uc ttrocery oaje. j.
I "Th^^Hun^^Std^^p. y. 3 ¦^¦¦¦¦- Cheviot, high-button vests a sty isS boys' suh; sold, regu^ly at Wkei for this sale. ... 93***8 Farcy ja^njlixe-Cooks white.and whole, |.
\ "Goo^^C^OuJLa"^? 1 ?'' B °Y*' 75c Corduroy Pants, marked for this sale. ..:...... •• . :'. . '. . 49 O ] Men's Pants, m rked fbr this sale. ......... ,,.v. $2.35 Graham ' Whie Wheat >Iou"r-In 10 lb J
J! " l Love No Oae But Yoa -" t ; ; ~~~ ~ ~~ ' ~ \ ~~~' ~~~~] . ~ ~~ ?;: ~~ ~'" •¦-.-. ,. ~~ ~ Ltn'nox' Soao— ProTtoTV Gamble's, just^fi? s
I "Giean-un" sate "Clean-Up" Sale Tab "g Linens, stationery and Great Glove Sale ¦ ¦ KtttlSZZ&'ZgtVjZZ |
* %*MGan-UP Oaie ¦ ¦ ... : ~. nc*<:U ?Ultnf/oe ' ' " >»« -V "-J. ;^' r /A^» v » ' on Monday, each fOO S
t Picture Frame* /$K TniAfff*8<z lEfti* uesK supplies. $1 to $2*25 values ¦ v.. &m ? VGo«b-Be_ b T«»t» s»nS :*
*: , !; rramGSm /.VVW a-UWFISK&f t«^« The', majority. Of the office men in . fif_™ f _»«^ O0« or Assorted Conden K d Soup,, on Monday; 3 g
» Begmnbg Monday we offer «t half price all ~r*J&&>$? Wc have planned to make this week's Linen event long re- tr . e bi? offi'e buildin'S in th- neighbor- BvOW &£?& CSHiB Sf^fUa tins. 25O «
* of the onaD stocks odds »* end, in m_, i^^^M^^ x membered, andW added dozens of most durable items to thos, r| " ¦ "-. •«*»- . , . p ro^_ Ccreal health 2
k wcod, leather, ceUuldd papier machc *nd &^=O^g^^ already price-reduced for the "Ocan-up" Sale. Only a few of the Jeod of this store come here .fo their These are posUively the greifst values in kid glov-S rf -^ Coffee, large packages; Monday ... ffio
* X_J5r i «£ r 1^?^ ?W^^#?l good things are mentJoned here. : ;¦ [ Swt:onery and effice supphes. ; Bendes ihat th h / s cvcr S bc en in a position to i o^.' /^ MV*^ Castile Soa^Best imported, the large 3 Ibters; £
J! 5^ 6 °' !nch B i MChtd Tab!e Dam»k-AH linen, good round thread, .he ..conven ence- of tie Joction, the There willbVaor at rush at ,h= Glove Counter whiV^^^T^/ ' " %%% %
J. .. Also a 'nice 5 assortment of FrfrntdindUa! fA **? d f T ' J V~'m' VV ¦ " V" f 3 f Pnc«, whether you. have much orllttlc d,;, £alc Ia t! . We wilWectlfy any mistakes made an « Zt on the \^\V / J» / SK^S^pV^ « tb " ' f SS 5
-£ framed Picture, Medallion. and Plaster .^ - " 6 *£* £?„^J amMk - Rne bIeachcd ' our re 8 uIar 95c k.n^le to b 3y , makc h to buy here, blowing day, provMing the glovjare returned to us in g6od con- \W/7 - M ln « fSuSS Test $[
* Relief Panels. Styles, and .prices too. nrmer- -. 2f5?i 7' in7H Half Rl".ji*rh''rf ' Ham-i'- ' F*r« Vavv- o.ir i?cc HneV Godd'sat'n wote-'and linen* finish iWriting: fab- dit:on- -This is the offer w= make: ...... -^ X^/^ / * in bulk, Monday only; a lbs . . . . 25© * '
* ous to mention in this small space, but at " ? _^ fc .S^*L^"" ? ¦" " 7^^' ?S «S 1«-The" 15^ kind, in'' three -^ 5x8 The balance of many lines of ¦ ladies' KM, Mo:ha^and Suede , W/v / _______ S
5 exacUyh.f^r^. 8**^^^ J PonUlarBOOkS I
| T^OOCfe. |^^^^^P®^|^^i2 P^g^ft^ P^^l^i^^V^^Mi ' Mm Winston" -- I
_.- Human's Patent Nasal - Bleiched Towels-Neat diaper weare, fringed enfc; instead of li.z\ per dozen, "clean-up" per box ....-.....:.. #fit C The «i.oo, |i. 25 and $i. 5 o values for. .....:. 69 O "™< eCnw - Winston^ .^
j: A^Tr LUc v cut ; © • ****- ••• — ................ -so — Ti*$t: 75 ,$*:oo«*f*.* 5 ***,*¦.;. . ,. .v. 0ffo# . ... - • .^^ ; f - w - »_ $ s eo ° 5
$ J_V-^ L'nen Cr t ,h-Smctly flax, no dressing, even round thread, , 8 inches wide; a iz^c value; per -J~_tX- — } , ' \ — P«ker . / . . . .~ . |l. S O S8O $
I large b_,™rvc!eanl/^£p^ rd ' ' ' • \'^ 1 . / V' " ' SC #^^^^ - J. _, - „-. - "Graustark"— G. B. Me- .-
$ SS-.'risnWj' W ¦ , '*§§: jWlS^r^ Important Sale Men's Shoes ..££_;„.*••»••»•*>.¦ S
! t^T, Another Great Slik Sale »j_=_u^ Beginning Monday. .^w^^o. " 53 * / ' 20 S
5 • Tyr^ Atorober-For nose and throat, «-ith K* ** mm S mm ** MUi ********** Udgers or Jour '«!s-Good hsary paper, 600 \^v ,,^ ~-"_/. ; \!^ . . , , •>¦¦ v o Mackie ........ $15* $1.20 5
J. h^rd nbber £_ ri rrgu!arly 40c, £ pecul BGOIHS lf/lGI$£g£8tya pfg«: each . $UOO M\ fi\ »G H Wc havc J USt bou S h: frOm thc Common - "In Spite of All"— Edna %
X Monday . o «i» «^ Ledgers, Journals, Cash or Day Boolcs— Half- /#/ 7)lu\- R . U -wealth Shoe Co./ of Boston, Ma3S.,' their *new Lyall. $1.50 $1,20 .«
** :S^2S_L_2 n i5te__ g ,f Bde| We haVe SeCUred at a third leSS than the Tegular bound.hee Pf h u b back; per hundred pages. WJ/Wyi Ik Aj ' am P ]e linc of Men ' S Sbo «> rC3r] y SOOP^b "The.Vdvet Glove"- • .j
£ one q _« 65c 2 quart _ze, >5o manufacturer's price, a splendid lot of colored silks,' which counter' BooW-Wes,' board 'coVef; ' Si;S M/j\ WwH&K \^ all> and °° r T° pai " f likc ; Th : y arc t] ? c samp!c ! Memmaa ' : 5
f .rnp^iw^ToSc^f^newpa,, we are going to place on sale, beginning Monday, at r 901 ™' 7^ 1^ 3 "Clean-Up" Sale &
>: f ' fi y- nSn e CentS a yard. : Letter' Copylrj Books-300 W,$1.OO: \jf J^flHVi\ are Vici Kid, Box Calf, Tan Caif, Patent Leather BeddlnO —Flannels '2
t» 4 cum SOo' There arc three popular weaves, all bright, stylish colorings of tha sea- B» 1 . 5«° Pjp • _• ..••¦•• $/• 2 5 fl |d» and enameled shoes in th; lot; the most of them **GUUing F ItlllilUMZi. *
* rt • r.uuv^'T*' ',•' •• 25 O Nictona Taffeta Rannel— Warranted to wash and vreir; in cream, white, I \k | nV _ Ciirtcr '. Arnold's or Stafford's; quart X.7 >|IK 1 Ga'ters and a few low CUtS in box calf and stead of 5?.oo per pair, sale price $2 18 3»
X C Gfove S t^adfef- ntt^y'and"'^^?' rc$eia ' tur^° ise ' Sobelin, old rosr, heliotrope, gar- ®^lff bottle. . .\ 7;. \ 753 7 patent leather. -. Crochet Sp ead, -Extra heavy, a "deS-ip* -J
J CsedSi.25 kind, ourV«,an T Ses, e pi pair P^'dfcySne-^io beautifol" solid 'colorings, 'inve^neat fig'^d 'effects; iucb M yl^^^p^p[ T^' . '. '. 6 Jo Th«= shoes arc regaar.y sjM at from j5 4 ,OO to $6.OO a pair; ths »K! htat SIf» ?
M^MfX'iJr * n';,ui'if 5 colors as Eob=Iin beige, blue etc L*J Li Mercantile Lead Penci <- Per dozen . . 35c W2 hjfVS.'run lr.m 6 • to 8, and th: special sa e pries A§ & Whits Shaker Flannel- Fmc weave, 30 irfthes H'
V Cotton-Red Cross Brand; 1b 'JC Ranrel Talfeta-Small figure,, all so!H colorings; in pinks, blues, cream, |g| fe^ Faber's Lead Pencils - Round or Hexagon; per commencing Monday, any pair * *§'£& w!de, at the remarkable price, per ya7d . '2
» Antiseptic Uaaze — Red Cross Brand; package, reseda, olo rose and cardinal . ... Tqjp \ dozen. ' . ¦'. ...... . :5tO ' - - *^ -¦¦;'-• * •*
t . IOC Not a silk in the lot that is sold less than 85c regularly; on special sae beginning — j»^M InL- ard F»/nc : l Erasers • Sti 1 In ._- — - — : — — — — - — ''• — — — ~ : '¦ '¦ ' ' "5
If Sanaary Napkins, medmm or large, pkg *25O Monday, at .> . 7 . . . jVdjU R-c-ipt and Note Books .. 13C to 25c \ _ t - .. .. "^ ' ' „« - — ' ! . ;¦¦ - ;, -J
I : : N — — Kn1n?Se;,;-3-«un«^e! 0 C : "Gtoan-Up? Sale : M&n's Furnishings. i
I Carpet and Furniture Price Concessions. /^iM^^ g
I We are not counting f the cost in the^"Clean-Up'; movement- in the Furniture 7^«W?&fcj&%-'Z£ ' "S^^^J^^M^^M^M^&W-^l S9o\i hM'^^W I A
$ pepartment All of the small lots, odds and ends resulting from a heavy before-the- ; i^^5^*^fy?1SS MeVs u«dcrwear-soft nnuhei Merino, ¦£&;&«£; ££i*£;& ** fin»hed ; instead of Wl^^T k^^^/ / : 5
%- holiday business are marked at prices which would close them out instantly if the k ey «, double sunk harries . . . . . 750 : s° c P er p' 1116 " 1 ' Mle p" ce • • • • ..•¦•••• • • • : • • • • \ : • : • ¦ -? 3c h®v r\ //rr 7 '?
S DeODle WhO nPPfi thPQp -JrHriA*; rnnlH c.PP thpm ':'*--^r=v<:-,^:Vv^*'\S One doren sheets of Blotting Paper for . .. So Fleectd-lintd Meriro Underwear— A nicely made, handsomely finished garment, in stripes, worth 75c I f§!&r \ f~ V=^ / I* I I , S
y wiiu neea inese arucies couiu see mem. --,•..-¦ •¦----'¦ each, "cican-up" price,- per garment ... : . -. . -.-.¦:. .... :.-: . . . . . . . 49c »j^©b/x fr3 1 I I y ¦ S
5 .».,«. ¦•'-•; ;¦¦ »'. "• ,- ... » . ,^ 7 .' i . .. . "~^ ~~ - ~~ ~~ •T Men's N:c'w:ar— A very large assortment of short lines and small quantities, gathered into three '^/Rfcfu^s. |'~ I- I I' I • m
K ftL-Xir^VA 8 P lctare -, Hca .^ Fo ' d ! n .S . Be^' #epiclure -Bther double or three-quarter «ze, go'-de „ - # _ rltslt PattOfttS lots and now marked at %2 O , 17 O and 53C, as folUmv.- . /^V H" \'J : W ' S
C* C^^^A.^^ durable casting, guaranteed against finish, hard wood; has adjustable, woven- Oll»IC ri&n rUffGr'nt* lo " - • f- , „ ,o L -,i n • » r i v t. ti»3Ok J\ * 1 w
breakage, b«e enamel, in aa m- wire mattreu and swinging French plare ofi^^TU r A A M ..« M » » S o dozen Men's Four-m-Hands, Tecks, Band and Shield Bows, in a Urge assortment ef styles, which, w< L_^ X
** \V j/ 1 /T\o sortratnt of six different colors, mirror isxiz inches; regularly f 25.00^ Jill "™*\% tOT* t eBMrUai*y although not the very latsst, are very good styles ' and exceptionally good materials, worth up to 50c * — rj^^—
K i lV.y_ BfVN*^7l «J»e latest anti-friction castor; E P e- "clean-up" sale price. . $19.25 C_— _ w^ MnW Rf*adlf each, "clean-up'' price ... . ;•••.•, , •¦• •' 17g . o I'CViTfe* '2
JC y_2?L,."N F^*{ S\/i cial "dean-uD" tale crice onlv • *"••« |^J- i^.fW HOW nGauy* white Ponges S Ik Revers^e Four-m-Hands and Puffs, regu any 25c, marked ta close. . . . ....... . . 12C lVf»^ •«
V a^^-n^y Vi—- -J/| ......... 57.25 E \ tra Q ' Jali J ty Ta P"^y Carpet-A fine , . j Department, main floor, under The J1.00 and $1.50 S ualty Imperials and-new wide end Scarfs to be tied with a puff, and a few Teck* and L.ned Ascots, £LA^j *
* * H^TnTTTTT^ JP^^vl Sprinj-Edjed Coach— cTvered in h«vy grade, and nine good patterns to ; ;JJL:.- L^O. Par ; or . . T. free co;y of the Butmick marked now to dose, each . V_. . ... 1 '......*..... . ... . V - • • • • • • • • • ¦,"• * • • 5GO UV/Tt-^ : 5-
K b*U[l I \l\wft mffiVM novelty Penan Velours, wdl tee^ froni; «P«.al - pnee. now. Per !;'¦> - ' •' ¦ shec£ for Feb ruary wn.^ 1/ JLJ_J; - S
£. ii made- abarwin at the "dean- **** ' ' ' ' I ••••'• 'O7O i r " d^^J •«» f lfl : . thm n^nirrm-nt ' Z : • " " ' : this d.ss of- goods if we have, your s"ze, now marked, each.. ... . . . . .,..,.-...,. . . . .... $1.98 /* > / («
A Igrg^*-** ™»_ScT^ AT-aS Carpet Foot St A, or Hasrocks-Made fJ''.. "= U " *!j?^^ :^iiS^^^-iih^ fine l.nported Underwe ir- Such makes as Morley'*, Allen •-..- Soll/s and Stuttgaiter, mostly drawers, in natural gray, \ ( 1
X Ooldea S* Hat *Sck--1 ofremnanui/ffinest carpets, dtherocta-. f 'T fe^^ " ¦ /^^^7 ; -°SS^i*^^?S ..tar^ and vicunas, gannents that formerly sold at f 3. 50 and 5 4 .od each, now marked- . S1G8 \t 1 J
J inche, wide, Si inches high, uith seal aTslIp^ b^x and um breTu 6°" or oblong .hapedTgood' large V« ; '-"^J^. I **» "Srf^ SSS^eiL ifejiS Men s *!.' 0 CarrieTs : Hair Under.ear-Now.cut to ,, . .... . ,./.., . ... . 6g O .' Ij J
£• holder nittbevded' French plate mirror *8xi2 behes a vvdl finlhed tpecial «!e price this week, each. 65c - r j t^^$>^^ . mcm^ r .^ f :^^^!Jv p^ «. • ' 3
t handle piece of furnitnre; now marked. . . . /. .57.25 Smyrna Ru g s-Si Z e, 26x54 inch«,^2^__—_4i • ' IJ0 ? ; . '. : ... V , R 7 __, M.n'sFineJ Quality :Imior:ed. Lisle a^^ J
*: Golden Oak Dining Chairs-Ten style,, blot, of a, 4 and 6 {£££ frbged <»> bfth ends; special «!e price ' ;¦ Subscriptions dt .he B Uf^rict Men'i Hand^erch efs - Suk-finished Japanet, fuir size,- pain ..white and ; wirh &ncy>rders, dorea .;.,.= ... ...>j. .,.,.;.. *
;• soldat J1.50 and $x.oo cach 5 reduced, to close, to. . . I $1.15 ' Ais week, each 1 ¦.' . . ...... . ." . $1 ,25 CO'intCr. • ' ' .; ' Mtn ! $3.00 Swtatrs— Strictly all wcol .and well 1 made, now reduced to. .. . . . . ... . . ..$1.98By Blanche Partington.
24
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY Via, ¦¦ • i»ua.
By Guisard.
NEW YORK CRITIC BELIEVES
WE ERR IN NOT DEEMING
CALVE'S CARMEN WICKED
E. P. Colger, State Controller, is at the
Lick. •
Joseph D. Sproul, an attorney of Chico,
is at the Palace. ¦¦¦ : '*"*.
E. C. Bradley, a young capitalist of New
York, is at the Palace.
E3. S. Churchill, a banker of Is
registered at the Palace.'
Thoma* H. Lynch, a well-known resi
dent of Fresno, is at the Occidental.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson is
down from Gazelle and is at the Occiden
tal.
F. A. Coakley, a. stockbroker of Sacra
mento, Is among the arrivals at the Cali
fornia. ;
Dr. T. J/Patterson, a prominent physi
cian of VlsaJIa, r«gristered at the Lick yes
terday.
H. I. Seymour, an official of the South
ern Pacific^ Company at Sacramento; is
at the PalaceJ ',
Secretary of . State CharJesF. Curry Is
down from Sacramento and has iinade the
Lick his headauarters. • .
PERSONAL MENTION.^
Governor Crane has suggested to the Massachusetts Legislature; that the public docu
ments published every year are too voluminous and too costly : - for their worth, and recommends
that an editor be appointed to cut down the: bulky reports and condense them before printing.
The recommendation is one that other Governors' mightput on file, for future use. There is
hardly a State in the Union that does not waste money in printing reports that could be easily
By way of explaining the unexpected development : T of Siberia in recent years a traveler
says that for a long time the more energetic •arich^ambitious young men in Russia have been ar
rested, by thepolice andmany "of* them have been [sentenced to Siberian exile. The result: is that
Siberia has a more progressive 'population than any other Russian province; and ' : , the building- of
the railroad has enabled thopeople to show what they can do.
: ; Von l- Bulow's speech against Great Britain seems to have stirred' up as much fuss in Eng
land as Chamberlain's^ speech stirred; up in Germany;! but by and by somebody else will make a
speech that will stir up both .nations and then^ all will; be forgiven. ' »
'- V ¦ ¦¦¦• ¦'¦¦¦•<'¦¦ .. ¦ ' ¦¦• — : — .-¦¦¦". . — ¦• :.. • ."¦ . ¦ -¦ .. ' ::>:&¦-.
Senator Tillman's latest assertion is that 1 President Roosevelt can't fly. except when he has
a high wind ; • but the country will \ take 7 notice' he is j soaring well j ust : : now, so there must be
pretty steady breezes around Washington. i ,.:..;.. ''¦-. ' P^^^^^^^l
It is stated that MLrs.GhaunceVDer3ew is herself an after-dinner speaker and an orator of
ability; so Chauncey may babble in the" Senate; ¦but. she will do the talking for the family.
A Swell Time: Nobb— And I got Into a
bumblebee's nest while I was on my va
cation- Nebb— Say, you must havo had a
dreadful time.j.Nobb-Oh. it was a iwell
time.— Ohio State Journal.
Drawing a Distinction— "I was In th«
South African war." said one English
man. "General?" a3ked the other. "No.
Journalist." "Oh, I see. You were a re
porter; not a regretter."— Washington
Star. . . ¦ .-. ,': .-.- ... . " .
Kavanaugh brogue, "an* I think ye'll Ilka
it."
'¦¦'• r > ¦• : - ¦-¦';•¦•-"
Gabriele D'Annunzio's tragedy, "Fran
, cesca da Rimini." produced at the Teatro
Costanzl, Rome. December 9, with some
success, has been prohibited by the
Roman censor on the ground of Immor
ality. The New Tork Times says of th»
production:
The event had been, eagerly awaited by til*
literary and artlstlo world of Roma, and th»
house was crowded. The reception accorded
to the play was of a mixed character. Som*
scenes were applauded, but the genaral opin
ion of the critics was that th» production. If
not a failure, was far from being th* creat
success that had been anticipated.
The Ieadlne poles were taken by SIxnora
Eleanora Duse and Signor Salvmt. and thw
waa little but praise tot their work. The play
was superbly staged, under tne personal super
vision of D'Annuniie.
S A recent dispatch from Rome stated that
"Francesca da Rimini" would be produced In
this country next year, with Duae and Salvial
la the principal characters.
POPULAR ACTOR WHO IS DE
LIGHTING THEATER-GOERS
AT THE ALCAZAR.
EXPERIMENTS, were recently made in -New York with- a newly invented system of clos
ing bulkhead doors in ships by hydraulic power, and according. to the reports that come
to us the result' of the test- gives promise that the adoption of the system will render
ships well nigh unsinkable by collisions or any other accident at sea. . .<"¦ r .1, '
The experiments were made upon the steamer Kronprinz Wilhelm of the North German
Lloyd, and it is said that company has obtained from the inventor,. Herr- Doerr, the exclu
sive control of the invention. It is claimed that by the new system the bulkhead doors, can be
closed at will from the. bridge within a minute. In the tests made ,they were closed in one minute
and a half by the simple operation of a lever from the officers'- bridge. ¦ y
As applied upon the Kronprinz the patent doors were fitted into the bulkheads of the two
•j lower decks, and^ formed the entrance and exit -into thirty-four .compartments. The two decks
v thus protected are below the water line and extend completely fore and aft. They thus comprise
what may be called the vital part of the ship, being that part which is liable to be filled by the
inrushing sea in case of a collision, that would break through the hull. The doors of the apart
ments of the upper decks are operated by hand.
In describing the system the New York Mail and Express says: "By means of an electric
circuit which gives warning to the workmen of each compartment of the intention of those
in 'charge of the bridge to/close the bulkhead doors, a period of about thirty seconds is
afforded to the ship's hands to leave a compartment by getting through under the door. The lat
ter weighs about 1200 pounds, and even if the hydraulics did riot achieve their purpose it would
be possible for the door ; to descend properly into' place through its weight alone." f
The doors do not affect in any way the movements of passengers on the Upper decks. The
bulkheads are so arranged as to; give special security to the compartments (ontaining engines and
boilers, arid it is so provided: that in the event of any member of the engineering or other depart
ments getting caught in a water-tight compartment after the" doors are closed escape could be had
to the upper deck by means of a stationary ladder. .
For the purpose of operating the mechanism there is a table in the wheelhouse that vindi
cates the time that each compartment- doo<- closer Each door is numbered, and . as it closes an
electric bulb flashes a bright light. The doors are worked on a cog. turned by means of a piston
which forces each into position. It is raid that shipping men who watched the experiments regard
the invention as the most important yet made for providing safety on the sea.
Here trien is a promise that such accidents as that which wrecked" the .^VValla Walla will no
longer.be so destructive of life. Had that ill-fated' ship been provided with' such a system of
water-tight compartments separated by doors which could, be so easily 'dropped into place at a
minute's notice, the -ship would have in safety even\after the accident that happened to
her. In fact it is said that if as many as four separate compartments of the Kronprinz were now
to be filled by the sea, ; the ship would still be free from danger, of: sinking. The invention there
fore merits the attention of ship-builders and ship 7 owners; and; if it be found to realize all that is
claimed for it its adoption should.be general. i - •¦; / , v -
f I 1 HE second symphony concert has
| come and gone, and the friends of
£ symphony are happy. Friday
H afternoon's concert was nothing
less than extraordinary in its ad
vance-over the first concert of
: the series, and if anything like the same
; rate of progress is kept up we shall have
a Thomas orchestra inside of a twelve
month! Not quite that, perhaps, but the
: v.-ork done ' at the concert shows that
. leader and men are working on safe lines,
: That there is ample confidence and sym
• pathy on both sides, and a rapidly grow
ing enthusiasm and esprit de corps. The
audience did nobly, too. There were many
. more "people in attendance and it was a
' more intent and appreciative audience
; than that which greeted the first concert.
• The programme was listened to with com
¦ rnenduble attention until Its last note, and
the applause that followed every nuralwr.
; even to a hearty round after the finale
of the symphony, eloquently testified to
the enjoyment felt by the audience.
Truly, it was a programme to arouse
enthusiasm, with the splendid C minor
symphony of Beethoven, the delicate
sparkle of the "Midsummer Night's
Dream" Scherzo, the Lassen "Fest"
overture. and the Wagner-W^lhelmj
"Prize Song." But it was not alone the
inherent beauty of the numbers, but the
very real improvement in the work of the
'•rehestra that compelled recognition, the
r,ain in spirit, poise, color, and-that very
vague but very real quantity we call mag
netism. In the Beethoven symphony this
was particularly to be noted. The sym
phony "went itself" in places, drawing
orchestra, leader and audience under that
irresistible rhythmic spell in which man
touches the pulse of the infinite.
The scherzo was wonderfully well given
and ha* evidently Deceived . very careful
and thorough rehearsal. ' The opening
movement and finale was also admirably
conceived ar.d carried out. The andante
was less pleasing. Though seemingly
taken up at about metronome time, it lag
ped considerably at the beginning and in
stead cf being leisurely became * lazy.
There is no reason why the tempo should
not be just the infinitesimal shade quick
er (though it was hardly speed but im
pulse that was wanting at the opening),
to slow down later when the double
basses begin climbing up and down stairs.
Of course there was much to cavil at if
one had a mind that way, but the good so
far outweighs the deficiencies, and the
sincerity and earnestness of purpose both
of leader and men so surely promise their
conquering, that they may reasonably be
left unchronided. It is a privilege of no
mean moment to watch the growth of an
orchestra and 'twill be a pleasant tale
for the pioneers to tell some day when the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra shall
lead the way in the symphonic proces
sion. *
Next Friday afternoon is the last con
cert of the series, and the following pro
gramme has been arranged:
Overture. "Donna Diana" (flrst time),
-*•• ••'••- E. N. von Reznlcek
"Traume" ("Dreams") R. "Wagner
< Arranged for orchestra by Johan Svendsen.)
¦ 'Scenes PIttoresqnes" J. Massenet
1. Marche. 3. Angelas.
2. Air de Ballet 4. Fete Boheme.
Symphony ("Jupiter") C major.. W. A. Mozart
XJlSTSIlSrKZ-A.BIL.E SHIPS.
Mme. Li'lian Nordica is the first of
the important musical attractions that
are to appear, this season under the man
agement of Alf BouvJer and William L:
Greenbaum. Mme. Nordica comes in the
beginning of Februax-y, for a series- of
three song recitals that will be given in
Metropolitan Temple. It is very pleasura
ble to note on the distinguished singer's
programmes the names of many American
composers. Oscar Weil of our own citw
among them. Mr. Weil's charming
"Spring Song" is a favorite with Mme.
Nordica, and it will be a distinct pleasure
to hear it interpreted as it will be by
the famous artist. *
The names of MacDowell, Allitsen. Mrs.
H. H. A. Beach, Schlesinger and Rogers
are also to be seen. Then there is a Rich
ard Strauss song. "Serenade," that shouM
be heard with much pleasure, as about
the onlv work by this new musical giant
that we are to hava present opportunity
of hearing. But here is the first pro
gramme, for Tuesday evening," 1 Febru
ary 4:. . «
(a) "The Robin Sings'-' (MacDowell) ; : (b)
"Thy Beaming .Eyes" (MacDowell); (c) "All
For You" (D'Hardelot): (d) "Song of Thanks
giving" (Allltsen); "Voi Che Sapete (Xozze de
Figaro). (Mozart):- (a) ""Ariette" (Vidal); (b)
"Si Mes Vers Avaient des Ailes" (If My Son-
Had Wings) (Hahn);' (c) "Filles de Cadiz"
(Maids of Cadiz) (Delibes); polonaise (C sharp
minor) (Chopin). Mr. Simmons; (a)."Ich Llebe
Dich" (I Love Thee) <Grie«): (b) "Im Kahn"
(boat song) (Grieg); (c) "Lotusblume" (Schu
mann; (d) "Es Blinkt der, Thau" (The Glis
tening Dew) (Rubinstein); (c) "Serenade"
(Richard Strauss); "Brunnhilde's Call" (Die
Walkure) (Wagner).
A plan is afoot to give a benefit con
cert to. the veteran singer and teacher,
Mme. Fabbri-Mueller, on her seventieth
birthday, and the anniversary of her first
public appearance half a century ago.
Mme. Mueller's claim to sympathy is a
very valid one. She looks back upon a
lbng career of wide usefulness in the
musical community, and of generous ser
vice to every musical cause. She Is justly
famed for her unfailing kindness to her
confreres, and now needs some tangible
return of that generous aid. She is poor
and old, and this last appeal for help
should meet with hearty response. The
following ladles and gentlemen are con
cerning themselves actively in the mat
ter, and any one wishing to help can con
sult with them: Henry Heyman, Robert
Tolmie. Mme. de Seminario, Paul' Stein
dorff. Cantor E. G. Stark. William L.
Greenbaum, James Hamilton Howe, Mrs.
Lillie Birmingham, J. Louis von der Meh
den Jr., Mrs. Louise M. Campbell, H. B.
Pasmore, Harry H.Barnhart, A. Spa
dina,,Cecilia Samuels, Ernestine Goldman,
Mrs. Annie Catching, H. S. j Stedman,
Algernon S. Asnland, Frederick Zech Jr.,
Arthur Fickensher.
•Following are- the programmes that
Josef Hoffman will play on the afternoons
and January 28 and 31 at the Columbia
Theater:
(a) Variations. F minor (Haydn), (b) Sonate
Appassionata, " F minor, Op. 07 (Beethoven),
(c) Impromptu, G major, (d)' Soiree de Vlenne
(Schubert); (a) Ballade, A flat major, (b) Pre
lude. No. 25. (c) VaUe, A - flat , (Chopin), 1 (d)
Gnomenrelgen (Liszt), (e) Nachtstuck (Schu
mann), (O Jongleur (Moszkowskl), (g) Over
ture, "TannhauBer" (Wagner).
(a) Fugue, A minor (Bach-Liszt), (b) Sonate.
A flat major. On/ 30 (Weber), (c) Scherzo a
Capriccio (Mendelssohn), (d) Berceuse, (e)
Durch die Wolken (Josef Hofmann).'.(f) Danse
Macabre (Salnt-Saens) ; : (a) Ballade, G minor,
(b) Two Polish Songs, G flat major and G ma
jor (Chopin), (c) Llebestraum. (d) ValiSe, "ile
phisto" (Llsxt).-
FAMOUS GRAND OPERA SINGER
WHO WILL, APPEAR IN THIS
CITY DURING NEXT MONTH.
WJ. HENDERSON, the New
Tork Times critic, has a pret
ty slap at San Francisco In a
recent article on Calve's Car
• men. I don't mind quoting,
as I. am not among the guilty. It is of
Mme. Calve's appearance on December 30
at the Metropolitan Opera-house that Mr.
Henderson is speaking:
In San Francisco, for Instance, it _ was
promptly discovered that Mme.' Calve's Carmen
was altogether too chaste. The real thing was
the Carmen of Miss Zelie de Lussan. This
extraordinary discovery waa followed by the
collapse of Mme. Calve. She caught a serious
cold, which developed into acute bronchitis.
She had to leave the company and go to Los
Angeles to recuperate. The "glorious climate
of California" failed to work a cure, and she
departed for Florida. That also failed, and
Mme. Calve hastened to Lakewood. Thence It
was- not far to New Tork, and in this famous
sanitarium . for bronchial troubles* Mme. Calve
recovered and was able to sing Carmen last
night.
.-, The question naturally arises whether., any
thing has happened to this Carmen . that' San
Francisco .found "the^falr. the chaste, the. un-'
expressive."* 1 . 'If- we -are "to -believe what our
"Western cousins discovered, our. familiar Car
men Is the cousin, if not the - very sister of
Diana, panoplied In virtue' and treading ¦ the
arrowy path of rectitude.- On the other hand
the Carmen of Miss do Lussan has always been
riotous of blood, incontinent in thought and
deed, and - blazoned on the fropt of time In
eloquence of song and action. .-.
• • • we poor anaemies of the effete East
have never perceived the wonders of our Zelie.
whom indeed we have loved, but decorously,
and In all seemllness' of fancy.
On ¦ the other hand, I when Mme. Calve first
revealed her Carmen to us we gasped for
breath and thought that the" mysteries of
Pathos had •come to disclose themselves upon
the operatic stage. Is all this fled, like "the
baseless fabric of a vision V Has Carmen re
formed? Shall there be no more cakes and ate
and shall not ginger be hot In the mouth?
These are truly vital questions, for if our Car
men have lost her savor wherewith shall the
opera season be spiced? • •' • But let us
rejoice and be exceedingly glad. Our Carmen
has not reformed. I Too chaste, indeed, for
wicked. San Francisco, she Is bad enough for
us.
»¦-•.-.•
And last night she had an added abandon,
which affected her heels. These became elo
quent — eloquent of. a coarseness which our
Carmen, unruly as she 'was, did not have
In the brazen days of old. Otherwise our Car
men has not chanced. . She has a new gown
for her first act ' and a new fan, and she kisses
her hands at the gallery. Our Carmen has
her vajcarles of -. demonstration, sometimes
wilder, sometimes more sober, but she is al
ways the same Carmen, full of diablerie and as
fascinating as the basilisk. And the voice?
That, too. Is the same, a strangely scintillant.
penetrating voice, shot through with many
colors, like a prism in the sunlight. Polish
and finesse you shall vainly seek in the art of
this Carmen, but there is witchery that may
not : be . denied. In short, while cold criticism
can by analysis find a hundred faults in. this,
impersonation, • its potency : cannot b« con
cealed, and in the end it evades critical* sum
mary. .
An English play 'with an Irish hero,
Written by an American with a Welsh
name, and new at that, will he the Alca
zar's bill for this week. "For the .White
Rose" is the play's name,* made by. one
Owen Davis, sometime student of Har
vard and later a writer of plays that have
not yet : found much fame. But he Is
young: • yet, and at" least 'two manage
ments, the Lieblers of New York, who
wanted to buy "For the White Rose", for
the purpose of starring Bouclcault in th*
leading role, and Belasco & ThaH's, who
produce' It "to-morrow; night, think there
Is good stuff In the play." It was : first
given in Rochester, N. Y., for. one week
last season and met with immediate suc
cess.. Then it was that the Lieblers
wanted to acquire the ; rights of tho
L drama. but Davis was too well satisfied
With the work of A the young actor who
flayed his Irish hero's part to let it out
of his hands. The actor was M. L. Alsop.
now^the. leading man at the Alcazar, and
through him .the popular stock house gets
the use of the , play. • •¦ \y ¦
"For the White Rose" Is a drama of the
time of the Wars of the Roses, with four
acts and five scenes. , It . is . purely, ro
mantic, the historical interest being 'only
of secondary importance. One character
only, . that of , the -Earl of Warwick, can
claim an actual existence; the rest, to
Larry Kavanaugh," ; whose doughty deeds
in love and war form the central interest
of the story, are purely^ fictional. .
"But, 'tis a clane and pretty play," Mr.
Alsop assures me, with a becoming Larry
ttJ±TIL^Et<O>J±JD ' O-A.iPIT-A.Ij.
This must in great measure account for the ability of American roads to pay interest
and earn dividends while their rates are so much less than those of Europe and their wages are
-;-i<-'-r.t/.' ¦ :'¦¦ ¦ : . : ¦ •¦ .¦ • ¦' ~ : — . — : — ~ .. ¦.'.'. . '..- •. . *.<.....
THERE is ground for the ; complaint that American railroads are overcapitalized, not all of
them, but many of. them. The stock 'watering-,, which was taught to Wall street; by the
company of Ohio farmers that • built . what is now! the Lake Shore road, has been cften
used. In other cases the increase in. stock has been justified as the only -means of repre
• senting the increased value of lines tliat have been enhanced by development. When the country
is pinched by hard times the rates made necessary to. sustain this advanced valuation xall atten
tion to it, and it is criticized as the soecial odium of American railway management.
The London. Economist in dealing with a comparative statement of American and Eng
lish railways gives facts that put ourVAmerican; roads in a much more favorable light. By this it
appears that the average .capitalization of "American: railways is '$61,884 per mile, while that pf
the, English roads is $270,000 per mile. Comparing the London and Northwestern with the
Pennsylvania Central,' the Economist finds that the operating expenses of the" American road are
65.62 per cent, of vi^s revenues, and of the English; road 65.3 per cent— about equal. But the
cost charged , against transport atidn alone was 42.4 on the English road and 35.4 on the Ameri
can, ; and fot general expenses the percentage was 9.2 and 2.22. \The Pennsylvania road showed a
much higher expenditure for equipment. In earnings "the English road showed more than four
times as much per ton mile as' the American road, the English freight charge being more than
"three times as high as the American. t . .. '
It is also shown that the character of construction Jn this . country is much superior to the
English, and the railroad wages are much higher here than there. At the same time the cost of
operating is continually decreasing here and increasing in England.- In the last ten years Eng
lish riiileage has increased 8 -per cent and capitalization 38; per cent, while here the increase in
mileage .and in capitalization.- have kept more nearly neck' and neck. „ . . ¦ ' . >
The showing is highly flattering' to American roads, and seems to indicate that many com
plaints, made against them are not based in. good reason.; It is surely a conspicuous triumph for
American administration that with much higher wages- we enjoy the use of our roads for less than
one-third the English rate, and that at a capitalization per mile $208,116 less than in England
we show superior quality in construction and spend more upon equipment.
v All this may seem like a riddle to our English friends, f But it. must be caused by the great
superiority in our operating methods, a. higher class of employes and a closer study of economy
in the adaptation of means to ends. . . • .
American railroading, has certain features' that go to the training of employes that are not
known abroad. All of bur great maintain, schools of instruction. An American engineer
does not handle his locomotive by routine. Heiis learned in the application of steam to power;
in the laws of vapor expansion and knows", the mechanism, of his machine.. In like manner
train crew's are instructed in the laws of friction and traction. Professors in our universities are
employed in their vacation to visit railway division headquarters and lecture, to the crews on the
nature of colors, on lubrication, heat/ the curve thrust of trains, and all the.natural and mechan
ical laws that enter into the operation of a railway. Instruction is also given in the philosophy of
transportation, its relation to the development of tonnage, and. of its cost, to the profit of
handling. - f
• - Railroading here is something more than common labor. It is treated as a great industrial
specialty in which every employe is given the chance to know why he does everything pertaining
• to the ooeration of a train. ' * '. . ¦ > /
THE SAN v]F.R^Jjy^jt^p;<3/ GALL.
JOHN D. SPhECKELS," Proprietor • /; ; . • .:: Address Communicationsto W.;S.- LEAKE.J Manager
SUNDAY ..;...........¦;..:/.;/...:/.....:://..;...../-;....;....:....;..:. .;;-,....;..:....... ...JANUARY 12, 1902
Publication Office : .:. i ...... . . .". . . '?.??/. . . ;. . . : . .'. . <jfea^-.;^fe> '.' . .V. . . . . . ... ... ... • • 'J- • ¦ ¦ • • • • • Market and Third, S. F.
SPLENDID IS THE WORK
AND RAPID THE PROGRESS
OF SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA
Guillefs New Tear's extra ralnce pies. . lc«
cream and caia. . 80S T-rfcin; ohon* East 198. *
One million miles: is the Vlength" of an
American locomotive's life.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men : by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street." Telephone Main 1012. > •
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
POSTUM CEKEAIi.
JGG5CQOC9O©Oe©©8©©eo©
The Liver |
Is Seldom S
Healthy J
While coffee is theg
daily drink. q
DOCTORS |
RECOMMEND •
POSTUM. S
. jgr AW
WHAT IS IT?
"TV' is a small bottle of pleasant pellet*
that fits the vest pocket, handy to carry. .
WHAT IS IT FOR?
"77" is for Grip, Coughs, Colds, Influ-
enza, Catarrh, Pains- and Soreness In th»
head and chest. Hoarseness., Sore Throat
General Prostration and Fever. *
WHAT DOES IT DO?
•T7'* breaks up Colds that hang on and
do not yield to ordinary treatment.
• P
At all Druggists 25 cents, or mailed on r«-
ceipt of price. Doctor's Book Mailed Free.
Humphrey*' Homeopathic Medicine Co.. Cor-
ner WMliam and John Streets, New York. •
ROOFlNaSLATE.
We are preoared to furnish unexcelled black,
also rray. roofing slate, manufactured at our
quarries in El Dorado County. We Invlta com-
parison witlf any Eastern, slate.
On application full Information will tx ft»-
, nlshed intending buUder^
EUREKA SLATE CO.
Room 13, Second Floor. Mill* Buildlna.
Marsh Mallo'wr Kisses at.Townsend's. ••The woman told the police that Leeper
and others had threatened to lynch Scott
on sight. They called at her- house- in
search of him. but 'not finding him there
went away. A few minutes later - she
heard several pistol shots, and learned
that Leeper had been wounded. The wom
an said Scott was not guilty of the crime.
She added that she had been threatened
with lynching, and left ~ Reno under the
protection of the Sheriff's deputies. ..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.— Mrs. Belle
Scott, wife, of the cblored man who shot
Constable C.I H. Leeper at Reno, Nev.,
last- Thursday, was taken from, a west
bound train at this point to-day very ill,
and .was treated In the Receiving Hos
pital. \ It: was believed the woman had
taken poison with suicidal intent, but she
rallied from her illness and is still in this
city..;-; ':':¦."
Left Nevada Town to Escape
Lynching. \
Wife of NegTO Desperado Says She
CLAIMS RENO CITIZENS
THREATENED HER LITE
¦ SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— The Western > Cana
dian Press Association, now • touring ' In Its
epeclal train • in Southern California, has , ac
cepted the invitation of the Santa Clara Coun
ty Improvement Club to visit this city and
county on January 18. . ¦ ¦ - . .
Breach of • Promise Suit ; Settled.
; BAKERSBTCELD, /Jan. *11.— The breach
of* promtsej suit," sensational .'Mn ' detail,
broughtcby 'Eloisei.E.- , Murphy against
George 7 E."' Rankin, a prosperous dairy
man of;this city, has been dismissed -. on
petition, of the plaintiff.. The suit was for
S25.000. and 'by Its dismissal those who had
looked forward to testimony of a' gossip
producing.'character have . been . disap
pointed: ••' \y .'¦:'. ¦¦-'_v •¦¦,'.¦ ¦. -;¦ v.f. ;:"¦-;
SAN r DIEGO. "• Jan. : 11.— The : local Chamber
of Commerce . has sent telegrams to Senator
Morgan : • and : . Representativea , : Hepburn •, and
Needham expressing appreciation , r of . their
work in the Interests of the Nicaragua canal
Pill/ ¦ . ¦ ¦'¦'¦ ' ¦'.¦ - . ./'¦ •' :• ¦ :'¦:¦ ¦ ¦¦¦
The preliminary examination of Lionel
L. Jasperson on a charge of grand lar
ceny for stealing a purse containing $170
from William Riley on Third street, near
..lissiju, was held before Judpre Cabanlss
yesterday. Jasperson was held to answer
before the Superior Court, so that he may
be sent to the Whittier Reform Schooi.
He. is about 15 years of age and has been
arrr-sted several times for petty larceny
and begging. .
Will Be Sent to Whittier.
SEATTLE, Jan.. 11.— While en route
from this city to Bremerton this after
noon the steamer Athlon, Captain Harry
Barrington, ran on a reef at the entrance
to Port Orchard Narrows. Her fortv uas
sengers^tpok to the lifeboats* and made
Beans Point a quarter of a mile disTant!
In safety. The^vcssel Is still on the rocks
A tug has been dispatched to her assist
ance. • '•:¦:-••, .: .
Steamer Strikes on a Beef.
In addition to the sums, stated. Mr
Huntington and his associates are con
structing _a $5,000,000 electric power plant
in Kern County, and Mr. Huntington re
tf^U 1 ? invest A^ a sum approximating
$1,000,000 in Los Angeles real estate
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— it is stated
that /Henry E. Huntington's new Pacific
Electric Railway Company has placed
contracts approximating in value mor^
than $2,000,000. Of thia sum, the car
equipment'ordered will require $400,000. i.'ie
cost of trackand overhead wvrk, includ
ing steel rails, for which contracts have
been let. will be $1,050,000. and the cost of
the company's new shops now bulldirg
will be 1500,000. Castffor the total expen
ditures enumerated will be paid witWn
the next' six months. ¦
Magnitude of the Railway Magnate's
Investments in Southern
California.
HENBY E. HUNTINGrTON
PLACES BIG CONTRACTS
Mrs. : Dr. Byrne ; denies having struck
Miss Metcalf. She says that the trouble
occurred 'when ¦ Miss Metcalf, ; who Is a
student: at the;. Girls'. High School, came
to serve a' subpena on her 'In a Justice
Court case now pending.
Miss Pearl ; Metcalf,' who lives at "454
Geary street. ; secured /a 'warrant yester
day afternoon for. the arrest of Mrs. Wini
fred Byrne; a paVsician: at 361 Geary
street, on the charge of battery,
:'! "My brother," said Miss ' Metcalf to
Judge Cabanlss, who Issued the warrant,
"was married to Mrs. Byrne's daughter,
but they. have not lived happily, together.
I called, upon Mrs. Byrne yesterday and
as soon as she saw me she pounced upon
me - and r beat me . without the slightest
provocation. :, I -- cannot .understand the
motive of - the assault, unless Airs. Byrne
imagines that- 1-\ sympathize with my
brother In his troubles . with her daugh
ter."/ ¦ ¦¦-; • ¦/. v.. . : .¦¦••¦¦:; . "'
pena on Mrs. Dr. Winifred
"'• -.&?££ ¦'-/•Byrne.'. '
High School Girl'Tries to Serve Sub-
SANTAFE, N. M., Jan. 1L— Acting
Governor *J. Wallace Reynolds » to-day 1s
fiucd a proclamation setting aside January
29 as. McKlnley day, a Territorial holiday.
Territorial Holiday.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Jan. 1L— Jose Vicente
of the'flrm of Ruiz & Co., Hermosillo,
Mexico, who was arrested two weeks ago.
charged with smuggling *. $5000 worth of
placer gold from" Mexico- and -attempting
to sTilp it to Loiaza & Co. of San Fran
cisco, was discharged to-day. . Suit was
fllcd .by the United States- Attorney
against. the gold, which is in ' the hands
of Collector Dean, to have it confiscated.
Alleged Smuggler Released.
MODESTO. Jan. ll.-Sheriff Purvis has
arrested Charles Thompson, wanted in
Hills County, Texas, for' a murder com
mitted in 1889. Thompson was arrested at
Newman, where, he was working on a
ranch under the name of Charles Frias.
The prisoner acknowledged that he was
the man wanted, but claimed that the
killing was committed in self-defense. He
claims to have been in California a num
ber of years and that he made several
trips ,to Texas since the crime. He used
the name of Frias since coming to Cali
fornia., The Sheriff of Hills County tele
graphed that he had started to-day - for
the prisoner. He is expected to arrive
Charles Thompson Is Arrested by
Sheriff Purvis cf Stanislaus i
County. .
WANTED FOR^MTTRDEB
COMMITTED IN TEXAS
CHABGE OF BATTERY
AGAINST PHYSICIAN
-REDDING, Jan. . 11. — The 'Iron Moun
tain mine, the world famous copper pro
ducer, is being operated again. The fire
which recently caused a suspension of
operations is said to be under control. One
hundred men have been placed in the
lower tunnel and: It is said that 400 men
will soon be working in other drifts.
Iron Mountain Mine in Operation.
On the evening of the assault Bentley
left Shay's stables, at the corner of Sev
enteenth anfl Vermont streets, where he
wh€ employed, about half-past 6 o'clock,
Vj zo to his home. 740 Tehama street. He
liad reached the corner cf Xinth and Har
xison streets when he was suddenly
jrrabbeu frcra behind by three men, who
knocked him down and then proceeded to
kick bin Into insensibility
One of the robbers had commenced to 1
search Bentley s pockets when a Xlnth-
Fireot car Happened to pass. The grtp
inan, hearing Bentleys cries for assist
ance Eeteed a coupling pin and gave chase
to the robbers, who fled across a vacant j
ot and escaped. Bentley. although badly
injured, managed to get to his home The
a.-sault was made on Saturday evening
but it s the following Tuesday before •
the injured man was taken to the Citv i
and County Hospital. Bentley was about
x? JV? u rf V cf S* e ; J* e was a member of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters.
Albert Bentley, a teamster, died yester
day afternoon in the City and County
Hospital from the effects of a beating ad
iTiiriiEtered by three footpads on the even
v.g. of JezmaiT < at the corner of Ninth
any Harrison streets. The three robbers
jr.atic- their escape, and as the»matter was
not reported to the police until yesterday
sftomocn, after Bentley had -died, there
U little chance of their ever being brought
to ar.sv.pr for their crime.
Albert Bentley Receives Fatal Inju
ries at the Hands of Three
Footpads.
TEAMSTEB DIES FBOM
EFFECTS OF A BEATING
SEATTLE, Jan. 11.— J. F. Berglnger, a
woolen washer In the employ of the Se
attle Steam Laundry, met a frightful
death to-day by being caught in a ily
wheel while adjusting the belt on a piece
of machinery. Every large bone in hie
body was broken, and a one and a half
inch- /steam pipe which he was hurled
against was snapped In two. He came to
this city recently from California and is
survived by a widow.and one child.
Laundry Employe's Awful Death.
Hy Wong managed to get a message to
the Sisters at the hospital and they res
cued him before his life was taken. It Is
claimed that all the preparations for Hy
\\ ong's execution had been completed
when the Sisters arrived at the joss house.
BAKER CITT, Or.. Jan. 1L— A human
sacrificial offering was prevented In this
city this afternoon by the timely arrival
of some Sisters of Charity upon the scene.
Hy Wong, a paralytic Chinese, who had
been a county charge, was returned to the
care of his countrymen in Chinatown -
While he was an inmate of the County
Hospital his queue had been cut off. On
this account the Chinese made prepara
tions to offer him as a sacrifice to their
joss.
FRESNO, Jan. 11.— There was a killing
frost- this morning, ; reaching its .lowest
point about one hour before dawn, when
the temperature was 29 degrees. The at
mosphere was, however, saturated witii
moisture, the humidity being 98 per cent;
and as the continued fog and cold spell
has retarded the growth of buds, no'dam
age'Is likely to be done to almonds, apri
cots and the more sensitive of the decMu
ous fruits. Rain is badly needed.
Killing Frost at Fresno.
Chinese Attempt to Sac
-^-rifice the Life of a
Paralytic.
CATTLE BUSTLERS MAZE
INBOAPS ON THE HERDS
Stockmen in Washington and Ore- ¦
gon Lose Heavily Through,
TMevery.
TACOMA. Jan. 11.— Losses estimated to
exceed J100.000 have been sustained by cat
tlemen of Southeastern Washington and i
Eastern Oregon. This fact has been de- ¦
termined by the final roundup of rang9
cattle and horses, which their owners
have Just' completed preparatory to feed
ing the stock before the heavy snows of
January and February cover the range.
When the cattle were finally brought to
gether the owners found that 10 to 12 per
cent were missing 1 . .
- The only explanation is that the depre
dations of cattle rustlers have been much
greater than was known. Stolen horses
ana cattle have been driven from forty to
a hundred miles to shipping points and
there sold to buyers. The cattle have
been shipped to the Chicago and Omaha,
markets, while the- horses In most cases
nave been sold to purchasers for the Brit
ish army.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— Articles of incorpora
tion of the Santa Clara County Milling Com
pany - were filed here to-day. Th* capital
stock is $100,000 and fSOOO has been subscribed
The corporation will erect a. plant at Alvlso. ¦
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 11.— Darwin L.
Cobb, a former baseball player of thia
city,- who was arrested recently in San
Francisco upon complaint of Mrs. Lottie
B. Grewell and charged with embezzle
ment, was i discharged - to-day when -his
case came up before Judge.Brown. Cobb's
arrest v caused "comment:
Mrs. Grewell alleged that she had given
him: $450 to purchase a; barber shop; and
that he expended the . money in other
ways. When the. case came up to-day
Mrs. Grewell declined to prosecute.
Woman Refuses to Prosecute.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.— Preparations
for the next annual street fair have be
gun, and the outlook promises the most
successful event of the sort this city has
attempted. ' Combined with the street fair
will be a floral festival, with a May Queen
and a number of maids of honor from
various towns In the northern part of the
State. Already the street fair club has
received a guarantee fund of nearly {11,000
from local merchants. The club has
pledged itself to the contributors that
there shall be no "Little Egypt" or other
objectionable features on the midway
this year. The fair will open on May 12.
Preparing for the Street Pair.
More than a year ago there was organ
ized, an association of officers of the Na
tional Guard for the purpose of meeting
and ; makine suggestions for the better
ment of the condition of the State sol
diery. As yet there has not been any
meeting to that end, and many of the
local officers are wondering why the an
nual • meeting- which was fixed for De
cember was not called. ' >
Major Juliard ¦- presided at an election
held in Company C of the Fifth Infantry
held in Petaluma, when John C. Rodd
was elected second lieutenant, vice Ken
nely, reslsmed. . . . .,
At an election In Company F, Fifth In
fantry, held In Oakland, over Which Lieu
tenant Colonel Hayes presided, C. C. Co
'valt was elected captain, vice Bennett;
George Nlckerson was elected first lieu
tenant, vice-Covalt (promoted), and Pri
vate L. Miireno second lieutenant, vice
Nickerson (promoted).
The Attorney General has given it" as
his opinion that company funds provided
by the State cannot be used for the pur
pose of paying premiums on bonds which
have to be furnished by company com
manders. - . . •. • : ,
Attention Is also called to the neglect
of a number of officers to make a report
of the inventory of property under their
charge immediately upon -return from
camp at Santa Cruz last June.
Fail to Make Inventory.
Monthly returns " for November — Captain D.
G. Bambauer, Company H, Sixth Infantry;
Captain Truman Cole, Company C, Seventh In
fantry: Captain O. P.) Sloat, Company K,"
Seventh Infantry; .Captain H. K. Mitchell,
Company M. Seventh Infantry: Lieutenant T.
B. W. Leland, First Division. Naval Mllltla;
Lieutenant H. C. Booth, Sixth Division, Naval
Militia; Lieutenant Frank Van Vleck, En
gineer Division, Naval Militia. •
- Monthly returns for October— First Lieuten
ant L. F. Guedet, Company H, First Infantry;
Captain H. B. Hlgbey, Company G, Seventh
Infantry: Captain George" H. MaglH, - Company
H,. Seventh Infantry; Captain O. P. Sloat,
Company K, Seventh Infantry; Lieutenant T.
B. W. Leland, First Division, Naval Militia*
Lieutenant ..Thomas S. Harloe, Second Di*
vision. Naval Militia; Lieutenant Roscoe How
ard, Third Division. Naval Militia lieutenant
Carl E. Lindsay. Fourth Division, Naval Mi
litia; Lieutenant H. C. Booth, Sixth Division;
Naval Militia ; I Lieutenant Frank Van Vleck,*
Engineer Division, Naval Militia.
In accordance with paragraph VI. general
orders No. 11, : aeries of 1900, A. O. . O., the
names of the . following commanding officers,
whose returns were not received at these head
quarters within' twenty-one days alter the ex
piration . of the time ¦ for which the same were
made, are announced:
Names Announced.
Despite •' the : numerous \ warnings that
have been given to officers to make re
turns on time there Is still much neglect,
as appears from the following from' orders
from general headquarters: -
Certificates of re-election have been is
sued to Charles A. Swlsler, captain of
Company H of the Second Infantry, and
to Truman Cole, captain of Company C,
Seventh Infantry.'. ; . - ¦
The local' guardsmen" were occupied dur
ing the latter>part of the last week mak
ing arrangements for the funeral, of the
late adjutant general, W. H. Seamans,
which is to take place to-day. A battal
ion of the Fifth Infantry-, has been or
dered to report to Colonel T. F. O'Neil
and parade with the First Infantry, so
that that organization may turn out a
twelve-company regiment. In the absence
of Brigadier General Warneld, now in
Honolulu, the command of the troops will
devolve upon Colonel Whitton of the Fifth
Infantry, senior colonel of the Second
Brigade. '~ ''¦¦¦•¦.
Commissions have been Issued from
headquarters at Sacramento as follows:
Emmett R. Jones, first lieutenant of the
Signal Corps, Second Brigade; William
Corcoran, first; and Henry Stolzenwald,
second lieutenant ; of Company C, First
Infantry, and Francis "J. Driscoll, second
lieutenant of the same regiment. -*
Whitton Will Command
at the Ses mans
Obsequies. y
TROOPS READY
FOR FUNERAL
At about 11 o'clock It was discovered
that burglars had entered the carriage
and implement store of -Albert Johnson
and that robes, bridles. and whips to the
value of over $100 had been stolen. This
morning forty hoboes were arrested near
Colton, but no clew connecting any of
them with the robberies was found. .
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 11.— Five rob
beries were committed lif this .vicinity. last
night. At Declesviile the Southern Pacific
agent, H. : ; R. Truax, I was bound to the
floor of the /station by : two men , and
robbed of over $50. ( It was with great dif
ficulty he was ableto'turn the signal for
a train stop, so as to obtain assistance.^
A- saloon in Colton was entered^and $20
taken this: morning, and Frank Schmidt
was held up by two men just east of.Col
ton and relieved of $25; At the point of a
revolver, he was forced to strip off all his
clothing and made to walk a half-mile in
the biting cold. He reported the robbery
to the Redlands officers, but no clew has
been found. ¦;. ;. -. :'•-
A freight car at the rear of the Southern
Pacific depot was broken open and several
parcels taken. Some of the booty was re
covered.^ ; . .¦' '¦ ' V ¦ - ' ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
Miss Elizabeth Shaw, who had been
missing from this city for a week, was re
turned to her home at 1529 Sutter street
last night. Her mother said that the girl
had explained her absence from home and
had been forgiven. . ¦ - ¦ ¦ - - ¦
CD. Shaw, the girl's father, is the dis
trict manager in San Francisco for a large
mercantile firm, and has been absent in
the East since la«t May. Miss Shaw has
some histrionic ability, and her -school
friends have encouraged her In this direc
tion. This Is said to have been the cause
of -her leaving home, but the officers are
unable to account for her meeting with
the soldiers. ~,
Where the trio spent the time since last
Saturday is a mystery, as no trace of
their movements before they reached this
city, was found. . '
, Jones and Helms, the. men with the girl,
were arrested on a- charge of enticing a
girl under age from hume for immoral
purposes.. There are reasons for believing
the two men are deserters from the
United States army. Jones had on a uni
form of khaki and his; comrade .wore the
regulation blue.- : * . ¦
The girl; who is the daughter' of C." D.'
Shaw of 1529 Sutter street, San Francisco,
left her home 'last Saturday afternoon, to
call on a- schoolgirl' friend, and' failed, to
return when^ night came. -The family is
well-to-do and moves In good society.
When the daughter disappeared they em
ployed detectives • to search • for her. "It
was known that the girl wished to go^on
the stage and it was believed she had run
away to * join a theatrical company. No'
trace of her was discovered until yester
day, when It was learned that she ; had
come to this city In company with the two
soldiers. Detectives Tichenor, and E. L.
Farley at once came to San Jose. This
morning ; the .detectives,, located . Miss
Shaw and, the r men at Edenvale station,
where they were waiting to take a train.
They were brought to this city and at
once taken to Sari Francisco: .
SAN JOSE, Jan.- 11.— Pretty: Elizabeth
Shaw, a stage-struck girl of 16 years, who
left' her home In San Francisco with two
ex-soldlers • known' as 7 Jones rand Helms,
was captured* at Edenvale station, this
county, by Pinkerton ; detectives this
morning and returned. to her parents. ¦:
Special' Dispatch to The' CaUV
ill OFFERING
TO THEIR JOSS
Captain Horne is a married man. and Jt
:s said that his home is at Prescott, Ariz
A strange feature of the affair is that
the captain was in his slippers at the
lime of the occurrence.
Captain Surgeon Dade saw Home at 6
o'clock yesterday afternoon, when he ap
peared all right and did not show any
sigr-s of drink. Captain Hazzard and oth
er officers were amazed last night on be
ing told of the captain's attempt to take
his life. To none had he shown the
slightest disposition to commit such an
act. .
At the Occidental Hotel the news of the
captain's attempt at self-destruction came
as a surprise, and there it is stated that
Korne had not shown any signs of having
indulged in liquor.
Four men held him down while Dr.
Farmer held his hands and head. He con
tinually asked the -doctor to let his head
£O, and in reply to Inquiries said:
"What did I do it for? What do you think
I did it for? I'll either get hung or life,
but I'll get another chance."
The ambulance from the Receiving Hos
pital was summoned and Home was taken
there. The doctors of tno hospital be
lieve he Is or has been suffering from de
lirium, tremens.
Against that opinion is the positive
statement of Dr. Farmer, who said as pos
itively .that Home' did jiot -appear to haye
been drinking to any extent and that
there was oily the very faintest odor of
liquor from ills breath.
Captain Home arrived from -Manila In
December and registered at the Occiden
tal. He then left San Francisco and re
turned on Friday, having received an or
der to appear before the retiring board
held at the Presidio.
While doing service at Manila the cap
tain was seriously ill in the hospital, suf
fering from dysentery and fever, and has
been an Invalid for some time.
"He wriggled," said the doctor, "in hU 1
desire to aggravate the wound and'In
crease the flow of blood." - !
"It is." eald Dal Porto, and In an In
stant Kerne grabbed -It and slashed him
self across his - throat. Dal Porto, not
withstanding his surprise, grappled with
the captain and a* desperate struggle f ol- j
lovred, in which the fruit man received a i
slight cash xin the right side of his neck, j
The shouting and the bcuflle between*
the two men, both standing six feet hlgli "
and each weighing about 200 pounds,' {
brought a crowd, and with the aid of sev
eral men Home was held down until
ocieted, when he was taken by his cap
tors to the Lnion square drug store.
Dr. G. C. Farmer was In the stor« and
examined the wound. Horn© the while de- I
daring his. wish to die. > j
Captain "W. J. I>. Home. U. S. A.,
Ninth Cavalry, made a deliberate attempt
to commit suicide "Uast night at 9 o'clock
in the fruit store »of A. 'Dal Porto. 288
OFarrell street. Porto was dressing a
chicken at the back part of the store
when the captain walked hastily up to
him and asked whether the knife he was
usinff was sharp.- - • •
B
B
Seizes Fruitman's Knife and
Tries to End His
Lifa
Find Her in the Company of
T,wo ' Ex- Soldiers at - c
; / Edenvale.
Bernardino.
Footpads Ed joy Busy Night
in the Vicinity of San
Two Men 'G-et Away
With Southern ' ?a
: ciflc Coin.: ; v - s >
Captain Home Makes a
Strange Attempt
at Suicide.
Detective^ Bring Pretty
Miss Shaw /Back to
San Francisco.
BIND ID ROB
STATION AGENT
RUNAWAY GIRL
UNDER ARREST
ARMY OFFICER
SLASHES THROAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^
LONDON. Jan. 11.— The condition of Sir Ed
ward Ashmeade-Bartlett, M. P.. following a
serious operation last night, Is now dangerous.
He bas been suffering from Internal Inflamma
tion for seme days p.ast.
25
GBAPE-inTTS.
i An Aristocrat 1
'among foods
I QRAPE=NUTS j
I - 1
At Grocers *
8 • * ' • • *
a ; * I
Shoes for $3.85
A Tspical value at the;KaufmQnn Sale
Y In looking at each item, below/ remember that the shoes
are, of excellent make, being stylish and first class in every
particular. Taking this fact into consideration, every value
is a-positive saving which anybody will welcome who has any
appreciation for fine, ; .high-grade shoes. v
Ladles' fine kid Ehoes, Kid or. patent Chilflren'a and misses' patent leather
-leather tlpa, stout "extension soles; a cloth top button shoes, made of im-
shoe that is guaranteed to wear well; ported material, for dress; sizes 8^
a new pair free if they don't please. to 11. $1. SO; sizes 11% to 2, 82.20.
Only 82.15- : : - v - x
Ladles' patent leather or bronze slip- children's and misses' verv tl-nm ««f-t
;rper ? . French heela. stylish toe. very „ cai/^aca show! extend sole?
desirable in every way; sold, respec- stvllsh and well made- siz£J k tn a
.tlyely v at J3.00 and J3.50; reduced^ to |T.1S; 8% S f 11. 1 1.60? U% to I
Several lines "of Laird. Schober & Co.'s "
$3.00 shoes for ladies; some with cloth Boys' fine soft calf lace, shoes, medium"
tops, and hand-turned' soles, others heavy soles, extremely . swell and
with kid tops and medium soles, but- stylish shoes, grood values; sizes 13 to
; 'ton or lace, reduced to J§3;85. 2, $1.85: VA to 5%, 82.10-
.Ladies'- crochet slippers, in plairfv. or
¦ mixed ! colors, at a price .which is' lesi Bargains in men's shoes. ' child's - and
than thecost of the material Itself; misses' slippers, ladlea' satin slippers,
. only 75c all at substantial. reductions.
. -¦ ¦ - .#¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
\VeftaV mat) '-."•; - t''-^_^ — '^ M| "Write for our
have the stock H .^^V: - / FOWihRtY LUCKES - -- r '.IKJ makes orcler-
;todojit^ v P^- S32 MARKET st^SLF^ ln s «»y.
. . r r JglSCELLANSOTTS. \': ¦ '.. - .-_:'¦' .•'-,'_¦
¦IIIIIIIDBNIIllllllHIIlilieiDIHIIllllBBlBlll
¦ IT PAYS TO TRADc IN THE MISSION. ; .'¦
5 . ... ' ' 1 " "- 1 ¦ ' B
5 - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ •• ¦ " '-'¦¦': 'r; ; ;,: : "
: After-Inventory :
I CLEARANCE |
I 'Furniture, Rugs, Draperies, g
I Par/or Rocker Bargains. , Enameled Bed Bargains. o
¦ P fJh2i LS^&S^ POI "S2 4"5 Enameled Bed-with heavy frame- I
B ' s h^-FaleiJrice..:..........^^»'«-J. one-iuch pillars-brasa top C ft i\(\ g
s *^l$^^±\^i M r rods - 1 k r« s and f mdun ?- -/ b -"° §
¦ p>lce ?j<ju Enameled Beds of new design — extra m
a Parlor Rockers-hand "polished; up- : ftrongvconstructlon, with lacquered -. H
Q holstered or saddle seat— »C/« "7 X h . raES decoration— in three «kQ TnL «
S sale price :;....„.... Z>*r»iO si e 5 ard different colors.. •P^ ¦*-', gj
n D~mU~ C v nL Enameled Bed of hew and very hand- g
g rartOr easy L hairs. / some design, one and onc-quarttr ¦
g S3.50 o n ecora P t 1 e 1 a ir^t a h n bra h S e s aV !!y$I2.75 g
-Parlor Easy Chairs"— 'upholstered _ _ "_ i . -' ¦ . §
a ¦ rrfce. 7.. . a "^. . f olished - S > . 0 0 F me Dresser '( Bargains. g
S p «T' or EW Chairs— Wiik " plush or $33.00 Solid Oak Dresser...... gSo.OOB
H ..""f^.ff.^* 1 - 0 " CUShion3^7.5U $3500 Mahogany Dresser..... 2K.OO ''-'¦
-g v. ••••:••••••••••••».... $55.00 Solid Oak Dresser 42.5O !
g ,.. • rar/or UlVanS. V.s $52 - co Manogany Dresser....... 3 7. 50 g
S p f r }°rDlvans— handsomely^C/l en - • H
g Oh,ffon le r Bargams. , ¦
¦' raily backs - ealecft O'l VSoM Mahogany Chiffonier.. 926.50 , S
¦ Parlo?"'D-iv a 'nV"S;;n^ "T.k $32.50 Mahogany Chiffonier.. 22.50 |
¦ '- own r m2Ma1r?rlw... PO "S"2 Ur . 518.50 Solid Oal^Chlffonier... 13.5O B
5 i........^ sy.3U $30.00 Solid Oak Chiffonier... 22.0O H
S . •' • --¦'¦ ': ' '^'^:~ • " •. '+^ :r ~ '¦ "'¦ " '. H
E fi** 1 **^^ rf» JC? *fsS> carved — regular \ ¦
§ OYEB- 3 fEtT LQHO» d^^~. \g price $35. Sale ¦
I * r —^ pi i C ; $25.00. k
B . - . • ; , ." V ". g
g Made from Remnants and Odd Pieces of Carpets and i
¦ •? Borders, some of the best carpets made. We quote ¦
q some .of the prices: g
g Size. QuaUty. . Price. Siz , . Quality Price g
B GxlO Wilton 15.50 Brussels.... 17.5u g
B 6x8 Wilton Velvet....... S.5O Wilton Velvet....... 17.50 ' g
B »xl0...... Body Brussels 13.75 8:3x11.... Savonncrie • . •¦•-...'.. B
HI 8:2x11.... Brussels ; 15.OO Axmlnster 2O.0O B
B S:3xlO:6.. Body Brussels 17.OO 5:3x8:9... Body Brussels 1 3.5O ¦
1 ROYAL WILTON RUBS, wonoerful bargains in g
§ exclusive: patterns. 4?-&*&&-£>BBi IAPAUCQC *
« size 12x9 $35.oo &3*v0wE2zk JHrKliCOC a
M Size 10:6xS:3..'. 28.OO BiSjSw^l ,1 ,•»,„«« ¦
H Size Sx6 .................:. 20.00 tSttr&SMsM nATTIHR^ W
g BROMLEY REVERSIBLE FUGS. Z$$t mM imU01 S
0 size 10:6x7:6... ........ .......... .$11.50 /jrf&Mi 23c h'aWngs . . .Vic q
« Size 12x9 ......;.... «..-><> LjmWi on uax- .- Q
g Size 9x6... 5.00 ff^\Si 30c Matil ng$- • .'5c g
g ¦' ARLINGTON RUSS. W*k 40c Mattings. .20c I
o tJfld ¦¦ ft?w " t A^^^^^nufac- Tjl^ A 50c Matting* ' g
H Size 12x9 §24.2."> K.^Hy -yc r H
0 Size 10:6x8:3 10.50 00^"*—^ Q
| COUCH COVERS ]
| $5 values, $3.25 | $6 50 values, 84 | $7.50 values, $5 E
1 3000 Silk and Tapestry Remnants, 24x2^ inches up g
g to so inches by ii yards, for pillow tops, chair seats, g
g and small curtains, at ioc, i^c, 20c, 25c to 50c each—" g
¦ worth three and four times our_ price. g
§ DRAPERY -FABRICS. §
B " .-¦¦•¦¦ -. _ . . . . '. . Q
1 Drapery Fabrics by the Jard, 50c on the $1.00 |
¦ . ¦ ' ¦•• • ' •-¦'¦¦ m
? For Drapery, Furniturs Coverings, Hangings, etc. B
g 8®- 5O INCHES WIDE. §
B|i 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25 Yard. j
|1 YOUR CHOICE FINE PARLOR PORTIERES. |
| One Pair Lots. g
¦ S10.00 values for $5.00 SI3.50 values for S7.50 n
| S15.00 values for $10.00 g
| ODD PORTIERES at SI.09, $1.50 anJ $2.00. - v °'»*ixti% Pblr S
i^ —^~' ' ' - - - - - ¦ .,§
I * " Cor. 16th and Mission. |
BBBBBEHgHiilggaHBBBBBBBBBBBBgBBBIBBaBBBBBBBBHBgH
• ADVERTISEMENTS/
COLCf CURED
MNEDAY
t Head Golds
,* The kind that »top up
t the nose, " make 3 the
"'. eyes ache and give
- you - that suffocated
feeling, are " i relieved
In twenty minutes and
M cured: in one day by
v simply inhaling HY-
Gatarrhal Golds
jT\ **. When" the nose
• • v&&*'Jtt?** ' runs, J the > eyes
/^vjj'^^. WGeP and U™
f\ vli3$iir&n$& hearl nff becomes
/ -,!•( Tai®ffi^ 'impaired, HYO-
I ' \ H^^^ MEI gives relief
cX^ ;^^S time - alla y s . th «
<i\\ ¦ ¥*t ' irritatlon - stops
Hi i\ ,1\I1!|hhW»' th ® secretion and
' A I \ MM : mak " a com-
MA mm ¦*?*? c Ure , n
. . • - - v* ; - ; HYOMEI is not
- . . ; an ; expectorant,
morphine mixture, or * a , stomach • medl-
cine," but a dry-air germicide taken 'in the
air you breathe, and which destroys at
once the germs causing, coughs, colds, ca-
tarrh, bronchitis and , pneumonia.
; You; can carry the HYOMEI Inhaieriiri
your vest pocket or use < a teyr> drops on
your handkerchief— it! does not '• matter
which— all j. you , have" to do is to " brea tiie.
naturally and HYOMEI will do the rest. I
,.HTOMEI,la sold by alii drusKtsts or sent by
mall.', Price $1.0O. Scnd'to The R, 1*.? Booth
Co., Ithaca, NriY.', T ;fon>,nye dayB f . treatment
free and you will never U3e stomach medicines
for. these diseases. ' . ' • . ¦ . .
_ 7 . -..•*¦' ADVEBttSKMJLftlTS. , .
. The S Greatest I
Remnant Sale
I Ever Held in San Francisco. I
g In, the dry goods : history of San Francisco,, the rem- g
m nant r sale now being , held at the Market-street Store of R
B Kohlberg, Strauss '& JFfohmah will be an important feature |
M —never before has there been a 'sale of this kind attended by ||
ra such crowds— during- trie crush remnants were, so disor- U
I dejed that many could not be founcl- — sqme customers could S
g not be waited upon ./arid others "were waiting upon !|
h themselves/ We are sorry that we. were unable- to .-handle ji
the business, but will be better equipped to-morrow, and will g
g expect a bigger crowd than, ever, 'for the items . advertised §
% are stronger, if possible, 'than those of last ; week. d
H ; Remnants of Fancy Jacquard Suitings— ¦"•' , tM*>
M In lengths from 2 to.O yards long— solid grounds ]|n red, brown, creen, W
H navy, cadet and other, new shades— Combined with* black — in small. B
H , neat patterns, suitable for wrappers,' children's school : dresse3, etc. — .^8 r|
M finches, wide— a fine. firm, heavy, quality ¦ that never sold for less than B
H .: 50c a yard — over 50 remnants in the Jot ..>.... .10c yard H
a . For sahr at Market-street store only. H
B Remnants of Oxford Gray Cheviot Suiting*— . ft
P Light,' dark and medium shades— extra heavy .quality, for tailor E|
II -dresses, short walking skirts, etc.— can be used without lininsr — fully n
n 56 inches wide— sold at Si a yard — about 40 remnants ' runninpr from c|
0 2]/2 to 5 yards lonpr— on- the tables -to-morrow- ."...... 4Oq yard N
11 •- : . ' ' For sale at Market-street store only. . ¦ ?3
Hi Remnants of Crepon Novelty Suitings— n
M Not; the old-style large patterns, but the new small novelty designs — pf
a some in stripes and some in figures— in red and black, srrcen and ¥i
S black, brown and purple and other pretty autumn shades — over 20 dif- M
B ferent styles— .v inches wide — silk and wool and mohair — were 50c H
H and 65c a yj»rd— these remnants now offered at...... .\.25c yard H
M ' Forsae at Market-street store only. S
B Remnants of Black Silk Iron Frame Alpaca— W
B The most serviceable, goods for underskirts, shirtwaists, traveling H
1 dresses manufactured — fast, midnight black, with a very lustrous M
B silky finish — full 48 inches wide and an extra heavy make — sells off the |j
I reel at $1.00 — all lengths from iJ-2 to 9 yards long-^-over 40 remnants |j
Ij in the lot — beginning to-morrow .\. 5Oc yard B
II . . For sale at Market-street store only. \T ; ~ M
§1 Remnants of Fancy Waistings— H
ij Among the lot are some all-wool French Challies, some all wool tricot n
and some very pretty striped effects in albatross waistings — originally ||
sold at 60c and 73c — now being offered in remnant lots at from IJ4 to e
3 yards long at. . ...... SSc yard cl
For sale at Market-street store only. *1
Remnant Sale of Blankets— H
An odd lot of slightly soiled blankets that- we have been using for 9
window displays go on sale to-morrow— pure white, California wool, fj
11 extra.' heavy, fine and fleecy— :big enough for double beds — with pink H
H and blue, borders — the regular $5.00 kind, to be closed out during the cl
|| .'remnant sale. ........ .....' ...$3.65 pair n
|| Remnant Sale of Spreads — M
II An extra good, heavy, white, crocheted bedspread, in neat Marseilles y
J patterns, will be offered at a special price to-morrow— this is an odd H
j lot-—big enough for double beds and originally sold at $1.2.5 — on ac- §3
I count of closing them out. th^^rice for the remnant sale is.. 05c each rj
fl Remnants of Pillow Coses — y.^y ' - , 'I**.; o
H Here is a chance to make a saving on something you probably need— a 1
m 1 good grade of soft, undressed muslin, size 45x36 inches — the regular 9
p| -I2J4C kind— all are well hemmed— on sale while they lasf. ...Oc each 1
9 Remnant Sale of Odds and Ends in Lace Curtains. J
H About 75 odd curtains, mostly Nottingham, have been slightly dam- |
H aged in different; ways— these come in white and ecru and are 1 yards jl
H long— just the -thing if 'you want "a, cheap curtain— any "curtain 1
m in thfe lot ... . . V; . , . . . ; 45c each j
P Over 1000 remnants of eiderdown flannelettes, 'table linens, crash 1
B : toweling, glass linen, damask, napkins, hemmed and hemstitched, pil- J
H low cases, sheets, etc.. go>n sale to-morrow at half prices — many of j3
H these are slightly soiled and many, are odd lots. 9
|| . • For sale at Market-street store only. |The. estate of Edward Barron will erect
fifty-seven flats on Oak, Pierce and Fell
streets, 'including- nineteen buildings of
three stories each.' >, • -
' Baldwin & Howell have issued a finely
illustrated number of their real estate
publication. Buyer and Seller, which con
tains pictures of many large and im
portant buildings in this city, recently
completed or in course of construction,
including the Hay ward building', the
Crocker Hotel, at the corner of Powell
and Geary streets: the Mutual Savings
Bank structure, on the north line of Mar
ket street; the beginnings of the Law and
Crellln buildings, at the -corner of New
Montgomery and Mission streets; the
Ruby Hill Vineyard Company's building,
at the northeast corner of Mission ani
Annie streets, and several fine. residences
on Pacific Heights. The number shows
San Francisco In a creditable light and is
creditable to the publishers.
Madison & Burke, who • have ' been on
Market street, opposite the Palace Hotel,
for eleven years, 'will open -to-morrow
their fine offices at 30 Montgomery street,
which are light and handsomely fitted up.
The premises are the largest occupied by
any real estate firm in San Francisco.
A. J. Rich & Co. have effected a lease
for ten years of the Crellln building:, on
the northeast corner of Mission and An
nie streets, to the Fuller Desk Company
for the gross sum of $75,000. , : -
Charles Ehn has . signed an agreement
with Easton. Eldrldge & Co. to sell 23x
137:6 feet on the north line of Page street,
106:3 feet west from Ashbury, for $12,600.
and also 24:8x137:6 feet on the north line
of Sutter street, 125:2 feet west from Flll
more street, for $8500
Large releases were recorded in the past
week. John Bryden and Charles Hlbbert
Tupper for $410,000 released to James and
Alexander Dunsmulr property on the west
line of East street, forty feet north from
Jackson street, and also all interest in the
block between East, Pacific, Drumm and
Jackson streets. The Hibernia Bank re
leased to the estate of Adolph Sutro for
$518,000 property on the southeast corner
of First avenue and Frederick street, the
southeast corner of Battery and Jackson
streets and many properties in the ouside
lands district. * .
Notes of Market.
llr*# of Iowa street, 60 feet north from Twenty
third, $13,500; Tubbs Cordage Company to the
Southern Pacific Company, southeast corner of
Twenty-second street and Pennsylvania avenue,
$29,000. *
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 1L— Maud Lillian
Berrl, former, prlma donna of; the Castle
Square . Opera: Company, made her ; first
appearance in, the title role of VThe Prin
cess Chic" at- the : Broadway Theater Ilri
this city to-night,' "succeeding Marguerlta
Sylva, who retired to-day from the Kirke
La Shelle Opera- Company, v A. large • au
dience greeted i Miss Berri and ! numerous
encores • attested i her. success' in her new
role. .The company -will be in California
week after; next ! and will i give one .' per
formance at ; Fresno, : ,where -i Miss < Berri
was born and, where her parents reside. ~.
California Actress Well Greeted.
There are 4500 muscles In tho body of «
moth.
The lot of Germans in Prussian Poland
is full of vexations.. The ! Poles are in
geniously, nagging the teachers :' and of
ficials, and; boycotts are serving as a sys
tem of petty intimidation. The'Govern
ment has decided to station garrisons in
the small towns, in order to -give moral
support to the German element. 'This
step has caused, a fresh outburst of popu
lar feeling, the : inference " being that " the
Government' intends to Introduce coercive
measures. This, however, does not appear
to be the- case. The whole Polish ques
tion will come up for discussion before the
Diet on Monday, when the debate will be
gin with an interpellation on the subject.
Since last summer, when the Foreign
Office gave little encouragement to the
representations of the United States Em
bassy on the subject, a change in the Gov
ernment's . attitude has taken • place.
Though Baron von Rlchthofen, the For
eign Minister, "has not committed the
Government to anything elaborate or even
to anything specific, he now shows readi-,
ness to promote the, adequate representa
tion of Germany. Were the St. Louis dele
gates here at present they would be wel
comed and given an opportunity to pre
sent definite requests. German manufac
turers have taken considerable interest In
the expositlon.-Judglne from the inquhie.s
made at the United States Consulate.
The Prince of Wales' visit to Emperor
William on the occasion ¦¦¦ of the latter's
birthday, will be for only, a day. Those
who see In this visit a desire on the p.irt
of the British Government to show good
will toward Germany are quite mistaken.
It is intended simply as a token of King
Edward's personal regard for Emperor
William. The Prince of Wales has de
clined all invitations . to entertainments
proposed in his honor, including a recep
tion by the German- regiment • of • which
King Edward is colonel, so that the Ger
mans may be -.under no misapprehension
regarding the private and personal char
acter of the visit. Had the Prince of.
Wales been here this morning he would
not have been able to read any Berlin
periodical that did not contain lampoon*
of his father, caricatures of Lord Kitch
ener, or brutal descriptions of British in
humanity in .South Africa. •. ..
Considering that Chancellor von Bu
low's two speeches and the utterances of
the German vMlnister to ¦, Great Britain,
P^rince Wolff Metternich, at Hamburg,
were deliberate efforts on the part of the
Government to .demonstrate friendliness
toward Great Britain,' the illustrated
papers here show singular malignity, in
giving gruesome representations of the
tortures of innocents in the South -African
concentration camps. "These: things do not
affect I the inflexibly correct ¦ attitude of
the Government, but they intensify the
already heated ; feeling against Great
Britain. • ; ' *
BERLIN, Jan. 11.— Whether by reason
of President Roosevelt's especially cordial
personal communication to Emperor Wil
liam, recently transmitted unofficially, or
because the United States has shewn
more than passive grood will toward Ger
many in the Venezuelan entanglement,
the Foreign Office here shows a disposi
tion to forward any object in which the
United States is interested. Consequent
ly this is the moment for the St.. Louis
Exposition management to tell- the Ger
man Government what it desires for the
fair. /«
Remarkable Change of
Sentiment Is Npted
in Berlin.
GERMANS BEND
TO UNCLE SAM
. Residence at 710 Col© street, sear "Waller;
lot and twelve-room houso at S3 Clara street;
cottage at 182 Tremont avenue; lot on tha
south line of Turk street. 163 feet west from
Pierce; cottages at 56 and 58 Lundy's lane
store and flats at 2004. McAllister street; lot
on the west lrn» of Devlsadero street, north
from Ridley; northeast corner of Asbbury street
and Corbett road; also unimproved lots on
Bernal Heights.
Sol Getz & Bro. report that builders dis
pose of houses as fast aa they can con
struct them In th« Sunset district. Two
cottages are In the course of construction.
on Ninth avenue, between I and J streets;
a two-story house containing two flats is
going up on Ninth avenue, between H and
I streets, for Mr. Edwards; two stx-room
residences on Eleventh avenue, near I
street, have been built by E. Halletf a.
five-room cottage on Twelfth avenue, near
I street, Is being put up by Mr. Canfleld*
John N. McLeod Is erecting a cottage on
Ninth avenue, near M street: a two-story
residence is being built for Mrs. E
Schmidt on Ninth avenue, near 77 street -
Mr. Canneld has disposed of his twol
story residence on Ninth avenue, between
H and I streets. . . . *
On the catalogue for the- auction of Eas
ton, Eldridge & Co., which will take placa
at the auction-rooms of th» firm next
Tuesday, are the following properties:
Southeast corner of Twenty-fourtli »tre«t anil
Hoffman avenue; Improvements at 1068 and
1070 Howard street and 577 and 579 Natoma
street, between Sixth and Beventn: 412 Tay
lor street; 432 and 434 Brannan street; 1 and
3 Frselon street; residence of twenty- two rooms
at 1815 Broadway, between Gough and Oc
tavia streets; 2423. Clay street, near yillmore,
residence; two-story building at 2308 and 230SVa
Howard street, near Nineteenth; improvements
at 164 and 168 San Carlos avenue, between
Mission and Valencia streets; Chinese laundry
at 13.15 Pacific street, near Hyde; cottage at
3537 Twenty-second street; cottage at 2763 Oc
tavia streets between Green and Union.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
on Monday, January 20, at their rooms.
Among the properties t© ba sold are tha
following:
Sales at Auction.
No large building contracts were record
ed in the past week. Tha construction oC
the large buildings on Market street and
the Crocker Hotel la progressing rapidly,
the dry weather having been favorable to
excavators and others engaged in tha
work.
Heirs of»W. A. Piper tb Simon Clayburgh,
the east corner ' of Third ' and Tehama streets
38x80. $18J5OO: Margaret C. Hail to Vera W.
and Herbert F.Pixley,', property on the south
west, line of Seventh street, 25 -feet southwest
from ; Natpma, • 50x125x75x50x25x75, $18,000;
George Dawson , to Otto von :• Rheln, • 27 : 6x137 : 6
on the ¦ north » line - of ¦ Turk ' street, 137 :6 feet
east " from Jones,"- $27,000; 'Amanda: C. ¦ Crooks
and Florence. A." Browne to A. A."!Moore, 50xi0
f eet r~ on '; the • south -line . of . : Sutter -, street. - 80
feet east 'from Stockton, $35,000; Elizabeth
C'Tubbs et al.»to the Southern. Pacific Com
pany,' property : on the east i line : of ". Pennsyl
vania* avenue," 433 feet north from Twenty
third . street,' and ; also 100x200 feet on ' the west
Among the larger transactions for which
deeds were placed j on ; record ¦ during, the
past week were the following: - •
Charles. H." Abbott of this city has pur
chased, tnrough the agency of David Bush
& Son, the Clark ranch at San Mateo, be
tween Burllngame Park and -'El Cerrito
Park, consisting of 295.61 acres. Abbott
has resold the property to, the Savings and
Loan society," the secretary of . which Is
trustee for the actual owners, -who are a
syndicate organized , by B. P. Oliver and
Baldwin & . Howell. Abbott paid : $100,000
for the tract and resold for $110,000. The
syndicate will subdivide 100 acres of ¦ the
tract 7 and place the land In- the market.
The main • pipe line of the Spring Valley
Water, Company, runs .through the tract.
It is proposed, to open; and grade avenues
and. plant shade trees along the avenues.
The property, is in -the hands of 'Baldwin
& Hpweli; who have the management and
exclusive agency..' ' < /'. ;-¦; - / \,
. For the Hobart Estate Company, the south
east corner of Valencia ¦ and < Seventeenth
streets, 50x100 feet, $10,000; . for. the Hobart
Estate Company, lot and improvements on the
east 'line of Mission street, 185 ¦ feet south of
Fifteenth street, 00x122 :U feet, $15,750; for
William Wilson, lot and Improvements on the
east line of Zoe street, 197:6 feet south of Br>>
ant street, lot 20x75. feet, $1150; for Josephine
Mitchell et al.. southeast corner of Post and
Stelner . streets, lot 27x75 feet, $3700; for the
estate of Adolph Sutro, lot on east line of
l>"orty-slxth . avenue, 204 feet north of A street,
36x120 feet, $450; for Drury Melone, north line
of Julian avenue, 25 teet south of Fourteenth
street, V5xl00 feet, $1875; for Samuel Lewis,
lot on the north line of Sacramento street,
<>2:6 feet west of Laurel ¦ street, . 25x100 feet,
$1750; ! for estate ¦ of ' Adolph Sutro. deceased,
part of Outside Land Block; No. .1074. fronting
on the great boulevard, . 300x80 feet; $2500; for
W. S. Parks, lot and improvements on east
line of Fourth avenue, 125 feet south of Lake
street, 25x120 feet, $2000; for Harry Lachman,
lot on the southeast corner of Baker and Oak
streets, 25xUti:10% feet, $o750; for A. C. Sachs,
lot and Improvements on the south line of
Twenty-second street, 125 feet east of Valen
cia street, ' 40x55 feet, $3450: for estate; of F.
Kaeding, - deceased, lot on the south line of
Prst street. 54 feet west of Flllmore street,
27x75 feet, $2000; for estate of Adolph Sutro.
lot on the west line of Forty-third avenue, 150
feet south of Clement street, 50x120 feet, $775;
for Hobart Ratate Company, lot on the .west
line of Guerrero street, 55 feet north of "Fif
teenth street,' 25x100 feet. $2250; for Mrs. F.
R. Ellis, lot and residence, on the northwest
corner of "Pine and Pierce streets. 24:6x87:6
feet, $C500; for W. W. Sanderson, lot on south
line of Vallejo street; 100 feet east of Laguna,
22 :1O y.xlO7 :« / feet. ? 6250: - for . Mrs. - A-. K. I
Gibbs, " lot on the west 11ns of Capp street.
120:2% feet south of Sixteenth street, 25x105
feet,' $2000; for Mrs. Jackson Gouraud, lot on
tho south line , of Fourteenth street, 180 feet
west of Valencia street. 25x130 feet, $2300.
this being the .last lot ' in . this block, closing
out all the -property formerly owned by Mrs.
Gouraud ; for K. Bernard, lot and dwell Ing on
the south line of Washington street, 137:6 feet
west of Hyde. 60x137:6" feet. $16,600:- for the
Lambert , estate, lot and ". improvement* on the
south Mne of Minna street. 150 feet West * of
New Montgomery street, 60x160 feet, $23,000.
¦ Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold for
Mary A. Bowen the southeast corner of
Franklin and -California streets; 90:6x137:6
feet, with cottage, $31,000. . Other salea'by
the, same brokers are as follows:
Finding Good Prices.
Lot 25x100, on the east line of Shrader
street, 75 feet south of Hayes, $2300; lot 30x
137:6, with residence, on the south side of
Bush street, '77:0 west of Leavenworth Btreet,
by the Rutherford heirs, $11,560; two lot.i, OOx
122":6, with dwelling, on the west side of
Capp street, 185 feet north of Twenty-first
street, $6600;, lot 25x117, on the north line of
Union street, 124 east of Franklin, $2000; lot
25x122:6. on the east side of Capp street, 200
north of Twenty-first, $1750; lot 25x100, on the
north line I of McAllister street, J.O5 east of
Pierce, $2900; lot 30x80, with flats, on the
couth side of Thirteenth street, 80 feet east
of Guerrero, $3245; two lots, 55x107:6, on the
south line of O'Farrell street, 27:6 feet west
of Gough, $10, COu; . lot 30x107:6, on the west
side of Webster street, SH feet south of Oroad
way, $ll,0OO.
123, on the northwest corner of Ninth avenue
ana N street. $1200; lot 25x120, on the east
line of Ninth avenue, 152 feet north of M
street. $G00; lot 25x120, on the east line of
Eighth avenue, 250 feet north of K street,
$750; lot 25x120, on the east line«>f Thirteenth
avenue, 100 feet north of J street, $<3OO; lot
25x120 and ' improvements, on the east line
of Ninth avenue, 100 feet south of H street,
$2000; lot 50x120, on the west line of Twen
tieth avenue, 200 feet north of K street, $700;
lot 28:6x100, on the southwest corner of
Miguel street and Mount Veroon avenue, $400;
3 lots In block S, Railroad Homestead Asso
ciation, $375; lot 50x120, on the east line of
Forty-eighth avenue, 150 feet north of J street,
$900. •' ,. :
"* A. M. Speck & Co. have sold to Milton
Eisner the southwest ¦ corner of Califor
nia and- FUImore streets for the Nobman
estate for $42,500; also to Barton S. Hays
for Charles Schlessinger 34:4}£xl37:6 feet
on the south line of Post; street, 103:1^
feet east from Hyde' Street, with ten-room
dwelling thereon, for $13,000. The pur
chaser of .the last mentioned property wiil
erect < on . the lot a * three-story hotel . to
contain- sixty-two rooms, whiqh has al
ready'been leased through the agency of
A. M. Speck & Co. for $22,000 for a term
of five years to Isaac Levinger.
Sales have been made | by Thomas Ma
gee & Sons as follow:
All Sections Concerned.
Lot 25x120, on the east Hn« of Twelfth ave
nue, 150 feet south of I street, $800; lot 43.9x
Sol Get z & Bro. 'have made the follow
ing sales: .
Richard S. Williams to H. A. Curtis, north
line of Page street, 131:3 feet west of Ash
bury, two lots 25x137 :« feet each, $0250; "Wil
liam- H. WharfT to Julius Kleiner, lot on the
northeast corner of v Green and Laguna streets,
25x100. $0000; Josie Welch and Marie J. Al
mon to August N. Hasselgren, 325 Dore street,
east side, near\ Bryant, lot 25x85 feet, four
flats three rooms each. $1800; . John Gale to
Henry Bothln. 1G6-16GV& Tehama street, north
side. 105 feet east of Third, lot 25x70 feet,
four flats, $2500; Catherine Fella to Adolph
Meyer, Nos. 7-9 Dale place, west side, off Gold
en Gate avenue, near Leavenworth street. 40x60
feet, six flats five and six rooms, $8500'; Mor
ris Abraham to Michael Gately, 825-827 Ala
bama street, east side, near Twentieth, 20x100
feet, four flats, $2500; Marie Hunt to WlHlam
B. Bush, southeast corner of Sanchez and
Twenty-fifth streets, two new flats, $4000;
Charles Ehret to Francois Enconyand, - 1136
Folsom street, north side, • near Seventh*-, lot
28x100 feet, store and three flats, $5300; . Mrs.
Harriett Ooslln to George Robinson. 3917 Cali
fornia street, tnear* First avenue, cottage of
seven rooms and bath, $3200; James Brooks* to
William R. King, 1247 Sanchez street, east
side, near Twenty-sixth, ¦ iot ! 24x80 feet, cot
tage six rooms and bath, $1700; flfty-vara lot
on the north line of Chestnut street, ,109 feet
¦west of Van Ness avenue, $4000; northNline
of California street, . 200 feet west, of Gougrh,
25x127 :8H, $7500. from Gertrude Rayfleld to
Marcus L. Gerstle. ¦ - -.
Caroline Sharp et al. to Patrick and. Ellen
Foley, three Hats and southeast corner of Lar
kin street and Broadway, 35x87 :B, $0000; Ruth
G. Campbell, northwest cprner of Jackson and
Cherry streets, 29:9x100,^5000; Baker & Ham
ilton to Edward D. Van Praag, lot on the
north line of Green street, 197 feet west from
Gough, 25:10x137:6. $1800; Frank W. Fuller
to Ruth G. Campbell, northwest corner of Lake
street and Twenty-sixth avenue, 32:6x109, also
key lot adjoining. 20x120, $1450; Caroline
Sharp et al. to Mrs. Harriet H. Molse. lot and
house of 9 rooms on south line of Broadway,
87:6 east of Larkin street, 50x137:6, $4000;
Frank W, Fuller to the Mleses Anne B. and
Amy T. Campbell, three lots on the east line
of Twenty-sixth avenue, 108 feet north from
Lake street, 78x120 feet, $1350; J. L. Burgess
to Henry Breard, lot and house of five rooms
and bath on south line of Fifteenth street, 165
feet west from Dolores, 27x71, $3000; from
Gottfried Peterson and Sven Persson to Sophie
B. Koblcke. northeast' corner of Fifteenth and
Castro streets, 48x90, $2700.
Recent sales are reported by Easton,
Eldridge & Co. as follows:
To P. Lynch, for the Vanderburgh estate,*
100x90 feet . on the east line of Sixth street,
between Bryant and Brannan, • $14,000; to
James Smith, 37:0x100 feet on the south line
of Howard street, east from Seventh, $0600;
to-O. D. Baldwin, 25x120 feet f on the east line
of Eighth street. 175 feet south from Folsom,
93050.
Sales are reported by O. D. Baldwin &
Son as follow: \
Marcus L. Gerstle has purchased fifty
feet on the north line of California street,
between Gough and Octavia, upon which
he will erect. a handsome residence. The
seller is Mrs. Lewis R. Mead. A. J. Rich
& Co. were the brokers. Tne same bro
kers have sold the following properties: .
Brokers Are- Active.
There have been some large transactions
during the. week just past. The transfer
of the Blythe properties has been previ
ously mentioned. .The broKers show quite
long lists of recent transactions and the
prices reported are good.
Dealers In city and suburban realty ex
press satisfaction concerning the outlook.
It Is conceded that there are more buyers
than sellers In the field, which signally
reverses .the conditions that existed?- not
many months ago. There is a scarcity of
eligible downtown properties '.. Jhat pur
chasers ca/i pick up. The general tenden
cy will be to spread the area' of j activity
to ix>rtions of the city -that have not yet
felt, in any marked degree, the increasing
demand for San Francisco real estate. The
Richmond section, the Sunset district, the
Potrero, ,the large, arei on the northern
slope of the . city, out toward the:' Pre-.
sidio, and other parts of San Francisco in
which there had been considerable activ
ity are due to reap larger -benefits in th«
future. '-¦'¦¦¦ \:
All Sections of 'the City ;Are
Being. Benefited by
., , : Activity.; ,
Great Scarcity of Eligible
; Property in Dqwn->
town District.-
REALTY FINDS
READY BUYERS
THE S^ FRANCISCO
26
ADVESTISE^LENTS. V . /,_ j_'_^ ' • -¦-.^--^. •"-''¦
ff^y^n'; i8 Demon of 'Pain
\^^^^fcw^O Rheumatism seems ft) take a fi en disH delight in torturing its
1&S[^^^5 / victims. No mode of punishment ever invented by man,
<l -p^^jQ or practiced by devil-possessed savage, has caused more
suffering, such deep, racking pains, as this pitiless
"^^ C* 2^^^^ disease. Rheumatism leaves in its trail distorted muscles,
S|8 i^^HI^* I crooked and misshapen joints and. limbs, and the intense
I Mil I pain an(^ a^° n y endure< i is reflected in the haggard and
'' '¦^i30^ I:2^^MP \] \l ip furrowed countenance of the sufferer. Rheumatism makes
IL^§Q>4Jgi > * J^ us grow old and decrepid before our time, and many an
one in the full vigor of manhood has been . suddenly
stricken by this ruthless disease, and made almost as helpless and dependent as an infant.
Chained to the invalid's chair or hobbling about on crutches, and continually tormented
pain, the patient in desperation resorts to the use of opiates, which deaden the pain but
lead to ruinous habits. There is no disease so aggressive and stubborn as Rheumatism
after it becomes well intrenched or fixed in the system, and no liniment or other external
application can check it or do any permanent good. Rheumatism is not due to outside
influences or causes, but is a constitutional disease, an internal inflammatibn produced by a
too acid condition of the blood. Waste matter that should have been cast but of the body is
retained, fermentation 4 takes place, Uric, Lactic and other acids form and are absorbed into
the blood, and as it circulates through the system every REPEATED failures, then relief.
joint, membrane, tissue and nerve is saturated with Mr . wm. i.. hiu, of Wm.ton, n. o. at one
these corrosive, irritating acids ; when exposure to cold
and damp or a spell or indigestion will bring on a nerce B ayo : "Two year* aero my wood wa« in
n ff«/«V +1i«f ..l—rt-i. +olroe +1i<» "KT-^ofTi "Kir ifc citr1f1*»nTi#»ce: wretched condition, and in addition to other
attack that almost takes tne Dreatn Dy ltS SUaaenneSS bodlly ailments I suffered severely from
and severity. The parts affected become inflamed and Kheumatism. After repeated failure*^ to
ftuujMUHj y aecure relief from tha nso' of other remedies,
swollen, and every movement is attended with pains i beran s. s. s., and it acted like a charm.
+%,<**¦ c »m +r» otif 1i"L-<» rx "b-nif#» intn t"h^ tenrW flp<:"h and The rheumatic pains left and my g-eneral
tnat seem to cut nice a Knue into tne tenaer nesn anu health* was bunt up as well, i have the
nerves. After Rheumatism becomes chronic there is al- highest opinion of s. s. s. forit is the only
, - r.i ¦li' s *jjii medicine that did me any good."
ways a soreness and weakness or the. back and dull
throbbing pains in the muscles and joints and an ever increasing stiffness of the limbs:
This Demon of Pain attacks the old and young, the strong and the weak— no one is exempt,
but from middle life to old age is the time when its assaults become most frequent and severe.
A± this period the vital energies begin to wane, the blood grows weakand thin, and is easily
:hilled, the circulation becomes uncertain and slow and there is scarcely a moment's
freedom from pain in some part of the body.
/The treatment of Rheumatism must be internal; some remedy that can reach and
neutralize the poisonous acids and cleanse the circulation. S. S. S., a purely vegetable
medicine, acts promptly and surely in all Rheumatic cases, purifying and invigorating the
S^^s^^ i^wiia ' impoverished blood, eradicating all impurities -.from the
s/^bb^I ftJil system, and sending a stream of rich new blood to wash out
f C J^ VViI^ e irritating particles that are causing the inflammation
and pains. In chronic cases, or those developing late in
i^^^ I fth^jl g life, S. S. S. is especially effective; it warms and enriches
C^^I^ C!^?!^ ie kl°°cl> restores nervous energy and stimulates the
-^ lll-l^ failing, organs, improves the appetite and digestion, and
builds up the general health, thus fortifying the sj-stem against the tortures of Rheumatism.
Alkalies, Potash and mineral remedies have an opposite effect, destroying the delicate lining
of the stomach and often- permanently impairing the constitution. S. S. S. is guaranteed
entirely vegetable, and a specific .in all Rheumatic troubles. Our Physicians will- gladly
advise, without charge, all who write them about their case, and we will mail free our special
book on Rheumatism. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
* STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott
x, tf%
Diseases and
Weakness of
Men Only
Ey far the most* frequent cause of nerroui
ClEorderi of the male la
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
der) is a plrueture very rich In nerves. When
the termlzuttions of these nerves are kept in a.
const&nt atate of excitement by chronic lnflam-
tnatory processej. It appeam very clear that by
tr&scmlsaloa of this Irritation to other nerves
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
ness. Impotencr. etc.. ar* not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. W« have pre-
pared a colored chart, T7hlch v« will eend, free
on application, by which eny one Interested can
readily understand why. If he haa been treated
for a weakness, he haa not been cured. We
particularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise s, epeedy cure without stomach drua-
Dr. Talcott & Co., 997 Market St., Cor. 6tli
Pennyroyal, pills
¦ »~<STw „ . •_0rta»"al a«d Only QeaulDe,
>J\J^^v ** CHICHESTER'S I^iGLIfSa
*f*^*Wv < £i In KEO »Bd Cold itttilUc boxe.. ¦'.!«!
Tn *iQi ?¦"«—¦»¦« i-nb.tltuUo.. nad Imlta.
I / . • Iff t**mm. B«j mt jomr Dn«|tK. or nM +o. Im
VV. ff *nil"Rdil«f forI.»dle«,"inUt:er.!:/r( F
•\ If tara Mall. 1 0.OOA TestlmsnUli. 8el< bj
DR- HALL'S REINYIGOBATORpnnra!
Stops all losses In 24 hour?. Five aJa^TBB
hundred reward (or any case we But BET
cannot cure. Thia aecret remedy fj I
cures Emissions. Irr.potency, wjhm BBW
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. ryW PW
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- li'l.'l ll'lt
.hood and a.11 other wasting ef- l£5! fj'j*
tects of self-abuse or excesses. Bt*Lf«^'
Sent ee&led. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, tS; euaranteed
to cure any caae. Call or addreaa ' ordera
HALL'S MEDICAL, INSTITUTE. 85f Broad-
WONG WOO,
IfTY CHINESE TEA. AND HERB
IC 7 SANITARIUM.
•^g§£\ 764-66 Clay St., S. F.,.Cal.
T^^MV 1 A LL DISEASES CURED
'VtVuiS*** M. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a- m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
i£^pEWF.Y,STROr(S &C0^°V
$ j
Weak Men and Women
'•2 HOCLD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
*^ Great Mexican Remedy; rives neaKh i>nd
strength to sexual organs. Depot. £23 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
- y- on Application.
COAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
J. C WIT SON & CO J* 00 B*""-* Street.
4' \r n lL.JVfl a Vl|.. Telephone Main 186i.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFSSCft Butchera, 1 01
JAJ-flUltJaw Clay. TeL Main 1294.
OILS. ~
LUBRICATUf O OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS
418 Front et.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
F r RTTfiRF^ ..' printer.
tr \f I1UUUC3- ;B11 Bansome St., S. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS- JtfDD CO.. 'A',-A \
23 First a tree t. Baa Francisco.
IIIIIIIIIIllllIinilllllllBI|IIIlll»IIIIBIIIBIIIIIHHI |IIBIIBII1Bfl B
:'; ii \ ; ' ¦¦¦'::' .^± •:."¦<'.' _¦•/——— -^^_ _- ; : _^_ ¦¦ .M -^^ ¦ ¦
w IS THE BEST MEDiCINE IN THE W0RLD T0 GURE ¦
iiSB Dyspesia, Indigestion, i
at^S Bilioushessand Flatulency |
' "' 0R T0 PREVENT ' ' S
Malaria, Fever and Ague, f
Brooklyn, N. Y. Eutte, Ind. J g
• D.«ar Sirs: I can cheerfully recommend D.*ar Sirs: I have taken your Hostetter's \ '¦.
your Hostetter's Stomich Bitters. 1 founcl Stomach Bitte-s and find it a great pre- \ g
same to be of great relief to my Dyspep- ventive for Malarial affections, and can \ a
sia and. Indigestion, from which I have cheerfully recommend it as the best rem- ', g.
been a sufferer for a lon» tim?. . edy 1 ever used for stomach, kidney and \ !
JOHN M. HARRINOTON. liver troubles. BENJAMIN F. CASEY. ) B
.DON'T FAIL TO TRY IT. r IT WILL SURELY CURE YOU. |
JlDVEBTISEJSSNTB.
"r Makes eye-glasses andX
spectacles to Qrder at moder-
ate cost. Expert mechanics
to do the work. - j
For other eye troubles
consult your oculist.
- Market 5tJ
The "Dr. £af.£ > A I d e n > Electric
B^lt" Cwith s u s p e n eory> Is
guaranteed -!*-*^ . to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now gold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and is
easily " regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. ?0C. Post st.. San Francisco, or
1H5 Broadway. New York.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY^
\ Oj The Larrest Anatomical Museum In the \
m inVrn world. VVeakneskes or anr contracierf A
Z. Ssl^ f iW^i~-""' | y'-r--hyt^"id«tf
/h3| !>l>ecialiit on the Cotst, Est. 56 yeits. ©
6 JSK fi D8a JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ J®$fra Consultaticn free »nd ttrictly prime. \
0 I yy&B Treitmrnt prrsonally or by I'tter. A at
1 8 S H H Pmtxite Curt '» «»eij cas«uadertakenl T
S P II II • Write fir Book. rBll.a«urnv sir A
T * II . ll ' MtanM6E, MAILED FREE, f AT
A (I ¦ y, valuable book for men) \
f DR. 1OCD4K <* CO.. 1051 MarkrtHt.S. F. 9
$1000Reward
I F WE FAIL TO DO AH WE AGREE.' SPE
¦ ciallsts for men. As many physicians an]
others have -ncfj;.td regarding our ORHjIMaLi
NEW METHOIJ of treatment for all troubles,
we have iei'-5xl to demons :r:i:<> by send 1 nm t »
all who may des;re A FREE TRIAL. irtrjAT-
MENT UNTIL, FEBRUARY 1ST. State case
plainly and receive plain package *-by mall.
DR. WILLIAMS & CD. 1H! Geary gt
DR.MCNULTY,
rTHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
I, SpM-lalUtcttre* Blood Poison, (Jonorrhcea.Glm,
strictur.-. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. »ook on Diseases of Men, free.
o% v »V 0 .r ra o r ir x 0 er i e "9*- T '' rm * reasonable. Hourn.
»to3dany,6:30to8. JOPv'g>i.Sundi»yR,ioto 12. Connul-
Utloufreeandaacredly confldentlaL Call oraddreaa
P. AOKCOE SI«NULTY, 91. D.
gC^KfarnyHt^ Han Francisco, Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
|/ EARNY ' AND WASHINGTON STS.— RK-
•* modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. I Rooms. EOc to \1 60 day:
$5 to |8 week; it to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grate* in
«\-ery room; .elevator runs all nlrht. ¦ •
R ad way's
PHIS
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption - ana
healthful regularity. ' . .-¦¦.- ••>,-¦-
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements ' of tha
Internal Viscera,' 25c a box. At Druggists, or
bjr mall. KADWAY & CO.. New York. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Does Not disappoint.
The New Discovery for Catarrh Seems to
Possess Remarkable Merit.
Anew catarrh cure has recently ap-
peared which so far as tested has ! been
remarkably successful in curing all forms
of catarrh, whether in the head, throat,
bronchial tubes or in stomach and liver. :
The remedy is in tablet form, pleasant
and convenient • to -take, and no • special
secrecy is maintained as to what It con-
tains, the tablet being a scientific ¦ com-
bination of Blood root. Red gum and Sim-'
ilar valuable and harmless antiseptics. ;
1 The safe and effective catarrh cure may
be found at any drug store % under the
name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
Whether the catarrh Is located in the
nose, throat, bronchial tubes or stomach,
the tablets seem .to act with. equal suc-
cess, removing the stuffy feeling in hea«l
and nose, clearing the mucous membrane
of throat and trachea from catarrhal se-
cretions, which cause the tickling,* cough-
ing, hawking and gagging so annoying to
every ¦ catarrh sufferer. ." ¦ - ,
' Nasal catarrh generally leads to ulcera-
tlon, in some cases to such an as
to destroy the nose entirely; and in many
old cases of catarrh the. bones of the head
become 'diseased. Nasal, catarrh . grad-
ually extends to the throat and bronchial
tubes and- very often to the. stomach,
causing that ! very obstinate trouble, , ca-
tarrh of the stomach. < '
* " Catarrh * Is ' a "systemic poison, | inherent
in the blood, and local washes, douches,
salves,. inhalers f and sprays can-have- no
effect on the real cause of ' the disease.
An internal remedy | which acts upon the
blood: is the only rational' treatment- and
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is the safest of
all internal remedies, as well as the most
convenient and Satisfactory from a 'med-
ical • standpoint. . • ;¦; - -.';.-¦
• Dr.' Eaton recently stated "that : he- had
successfully used : Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets in". old chronic cases, even where ul-
ceration , had extended so far l as to de-
stroy the septum - of . the ; nose.'"; He says :
i "I • am pleasantly surprised . almost ' every
day by the excellent results from Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, l It is remarkable how
they remove the^excessive> se-
cretion 'and ; bring v about •< a healthy con-
dition of the mucous membranes of the
nose; throat and btomacn.". f. •
v All_druggista sell complete . treatment of
the Tablets at 50 cents and a little book
giving the symptoms and causes of the
various I forms of < catarrh will be mailed
free by addressing F.A. Stuart Co., Mar-
i shall; MIch.\ ¦>¦•'¦¦,¦,¦¦¦: -.,.'..,¦..• ••-.¦¦.;,¦¦
/ V ADVEBTISEMENTS.
hh El IP 131 ml ililPA.^
Ulilcli nee!
The Remedy Is Sent Absolutely Free to Every Man or
Woman Sending flame and Address.
The Illustrations Above Plainly Show what this Grand.Di«coyert>jl|.<Jct
A celebrated Indiana physician haa dlscov- the treatment thers yras not a sore or ptmplt
ered the most -wonderful cure for Syphilis or on my body, and to-day I am absolutely well.
Blood Poison ever known." . It quickly cures all I Blve you permission . to use my name and I
.such indications as mucous, patches in the will answer, all inquiries from suffering men."
mouth, sore throat, : copper . colored • spots. Every railroad runninff Into Fort Wayns
chancres, ulceratlona on the body and In hun- brings scores of sufferers seeking this new and
dreds of -cases where ; the' hair .'and ' eyabrows marvelous cure and to enable those who can-
had fallen out and the' whole skin was. a mass not travel to realize what a truly marvelous
of bolls. ' pimples' and' ulcers, this wonderful work the doctor Is accomplishing they will
specific has completely changed the whole body send free to every sufferer a free trial packag3
into a 'clean, perfect condition of physical of the remedy so that every, one can cure them-
health. " '.'.:, ; : • . . ' selves in the privacy of their own home This
William ¦McGrath.4SGullford. St., Buffalo, is the only known treatment that cures this
N. T.. «ays:- "I am a well man to-day where most terrible of all diseases. Address tha
a year ago I was a total; wreck. Several doc- Stati* Medical Institute, S1S3 Electron building,
tors had failed to cure me; of syphilis. I was Fort Wayne. Ind. Do not hesitate to write at
rid of, my sores* and my skin became smooth once and the free trial package will b« sent
and natural in two weeta. and after completing sealed in plain package 'The steamer General Frisble, after lay-
Ing up two days to have # her boilers
scrubbed out. resumed her run to Vallejo
yesterday. The Monticello will go to
morrow to Hay & Wright's shipyard for
a thorough overhauling.
Monticello to Be Overhauled.
The remains of Samuel A- Oakley, the
lS-year-old son of Captain Gilbert H. Oak
ley of the firm of Piper, Aden &. Goodall,
were brought down from Vallejo yester
day on the General Frlsble. A hearse and
carriages met the funeral party at Mis
sion-street wharf. The interment was held
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Funeral of Captain Oakley's Son.
The Chamber of Deputies has passed a
hill aurhorizmg the Government to im
pose an additional duty of 5 per cent to
cancel the floating debt contracted in
Kurope.
"First come the claims of the business
men and then the soldiers arrive. Amerl
¦cia'aiay extend their influence on the
Parana River as well as on the Amazon."
"American capitalists are about to
monopolize ;3ie territory of Acre. This
is very dangerous for the whole of South
America, because the business men of the
great northern republic are always fore
runners of a conquering army.
BUENOS ATRES, Jan. 1L— El Ticmpo
has published a map showing the ad
vances of United States Interests in
South A:ucrica, and makes the following
comment :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Territory of Acre May
Be Monopolized by
Capitalists.
FEAR INVASION
OF AMERICANS
During the whole hour the streets
around the City Hall were packed, and
when the admiral came out he found the
crowd as large and as enthusiastic as
when he went in. Many . of the people
gathered at ..General Gordon's residence
and 'cheered the adnrlrar as he ' went up
the steps.
The reception was held in the council
chamber of the City . Hall, which was
handsomely decorated for the occasion
with flags and palms. A line was formed
and the multitude pressed in to greet the
admiral and assure him of their respect
and esteem. Workingmen, as well as
bankers, merchants and professional men.
were 'in the line. There were- several
thousand women, some in silks and some
in the dress of the poorer classes. To
each the admiral gave a hearty hand
shake.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Jan. ll.-Rear Ad
miral Schley held a levee In ,the City
Hall thjs afternoon for over an hour. He ,
was . escorted to 'the building by Mayor
Meyers and a delegation of Aldermen,
and was accompanied by Mrs. Schley and
General and Mrs. "William W. Gordon, at
whose residence he and Mrs. Schley are
visiting.
- Bull- street from General Gordon's,resi
dence to the City Hall was lined with
people, and as the carriages bowled along
tha cheering kept pace with the vehicles.
Nearly every store along the route
showed- • a United States flag. At
the-. . City Hall, which ' was covered
with bunting, a squad of mounted police
men had difficulty in holding the crowd
back.- The admiral bowed and smiled
in response, to the demonstrations along
the route. -
Distinguished Naval Offi
cer Welcomed in
-the South. ; :
CROWDS CHEER
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
sonar property: dividends aggregating more,
than 6 per cent of the par value of the stock
will.be declared. This is a certainty, and it
will have its effect on reluctant companies who,
have chosen to remain on the outside. The In
vitation to them to join the combine at the
appraiser's value of their properties is a stand
ing one and we confidently expect that a. num
ber will accept before loner. . ¦
. All along the line, wherever there are
oil . properties, 'there has been an attempt
during the. last /week- to get » an 1 expres
sion of views.:from the officers of the As
sociated Oil Company. President C. A.
Canfield • told the Bakersfield . Calif ornlan
In an interview that the Associated Oil
Company will benefit the Industry and be
an. advantage to Bakersflejd. "The con
ditions have been very bad," said Mr.
Canfield. "Unless something Is done to
help the oil interests there will \be a lot
of bankrupts owning oil lands and oil
wells. -I believe the combine will be of
great, assistance .to >the industry and to
the city of Bakersfield as well." .
I The Los Angeles people have come to
the conclusion that, there Is no third; oil
sand in the local field. . The Los Angeles
Herald gives an account of the experi
ment upon which this opinion is based
as follows :
' After the expenditure of much time and
money it appears to have been determined that
there, is no third oil sand In .the Los Angeles
field: -/That, at least, is the conclusion arrived
at' by a number of the prominent operators,
who base their opinion. upon the experience of
Mes3ra. Lemberger. Moody aSid Phillips in sink
ing their well on First street. The trio»of oper
ators named, have been drilling a well. -on. First
street, between Belmont and Union avenues
on the I Deal lot. and struck a fair - flow of oil
In the second sand. They then had what was
considered ; a fifteen-barrel well, but the firm
was desirous of testing whether a third sand
did not exist, which, if reached. . would assure
a more prolific and longer lived well. For the
Burpose of testing the matter drilling was con
tinued, but now the well is .being abandoned
at a depth of 1307 feet.. For.the last 100 feet
the drill has be,en, working In awater »and.as
white, as that bordering the sea. and this is
accepted as demonstrating that . there is no
third oil sand in the local field, this well be
ing the deepest of any drilled. • '.;-¦
Messrs. Lemberger, Moody* and . Phillips an
now having the casting drawn from this test
well, and are > about to begin a new well on
their lease on .Adobe and Bernardo streets.
A goo-J deal of disappointment is felt at this
failure on ¦ the part • i of ¦ Messrs. Lemberger.
Moody and Phillips to reach a third sand, but
the result appears to be conclusive. Whether
it will be accepted as a finality, however, re
mains to be seen. • Many of the shallow wells
have been deepened, with advantage, and It
may be that, reasoning by analogy, -some of
these producers will not yet surrender the Idea
that at greater depth even better results may
bo attained; . \ ¦ . .- . v- .......
B -F^-. Brooks of the "executive board of
the Associated Oil; Company, has been in
terviewed-by. the Los Angeles Times. ¦ The
substance : of, what; he said is reported. in
the" Times as; follows: , v.-: ij O . ; ;\ ;
We will- start off with an assured Income of
better" than: $1,000,000 : the i.flrst'- year. ¦ This
sum will . be • derived from the filling of con
tract's 1 heretofore | held by ,the several | concerns
which' have made up the • associated" company."
As less ¦ than .15,000.000 shares , of • stock - have
been 'issued, all in exchange Jor land and per-
Governor Sayres has I ordered the Statepur-'
chasing agent and all superintendents of State
institutions to' adopt oil, .Instead 'of coal -and
wood, for fuel. In these institutions, where ex
periments have been carried' on, ' it' has ¦ been
found that the saving under present prices and
rates of transportation is about 40 , per, cent.
This will mean a great reduction if or the State
in ; the '• item ' of ; fuel , expense,-, amounting . to
something^ like i?8000 ¦ annually. "It , is confi
dently predicted by oil J men i that . the price of
fuel oil, will be reduced about. 40 per cent.- thus
making three. and a, half.; barrels cost $1, plus
transportation charges."' As th9; field Is more
thoroughly.developed ; competition -will fix a
much , lower value , than these Hgures. ;
, Rogwell S. Benjamin, in Major's Maga
zine, .writes that the Texas gushers have
an aggregate capacity ,qf 3,000,000 barrels
per . day," : which • is eight* times the dally
output of the world for the year 1900. Mr;
Benjamin makes an interesting state
ment,which has local bearing: '-The cost
of transportation In Texas," he says, "Is
about 35 cents per barrel for a -distance
of 1000 miles when , measured by the
freight rate on a ton of coal. This will
permit of the dell very of - fuel oil equal
to a ton of coal to all points in the South
ern States for about $1 95. ; Coal is worth
from $3 50 to $4 50 per ton in most of the
important centers of the South.":
The following has also interest : to pro
ducers of this State who are looking to
new demands -for oil to insure them, a
market for all their output:- . ."
Producing Fields— ! Wells. Barrels. .
Newhali; Santa Paula and . .'. " .
Ventura ....'.¦.:...'....... 203; ,612.000
Puente 34 141,500
Los Angeles ............ .'..1,013 1,255,000
Summerland ........"...... 207 128.000
Coalinga .,... 41 740.00O
Whittier •.¦'.. 55 612,000
Pullerton and-Brea Canyon. 69 - 724,000
Kern River 184 3,870,000
McKittrick .'22 ; 430,000
Sunset :\ 25 ' 188,500
Midway ,..' ,2 ... 4,000
Santa Maria .i.... ....5 ' 7,500
Totals ..........:... ....2,040 8,742,600
The Pacific Oil Reporter estimates the
actual output of California oil wells';, in
1901 at S,750,000 barrels, as .against 4,329,950
barrels in 1900 and 2,292,123 barrels In 1899.
Segregating "the statistical showing,- the
Reporter credits to the Kern River dis
trict in 1901 a total of 3,870,000 barrels from
184 wells; to the Los Angeles field 1,250.
000 barrels from 1013 wells; to the Sum
merland district 128,000 ¦ barrels . from 297
wells. The possible output of the Kern
River district is estimated at 8,730,000 bar
rels per annum. The 'amount of oil in
storage in all the< fields is stated at 1,500,
000 barrels. ¦ ; The Reporter furnishes tha
following tabulated- statement concerning
the wells and. production of several Cali
fornia fields in 1901: ;. .
! \ '¦¦-»' Producing Production,
The California 'Wells
• Make .Creditable
; Records. ;
BIG OIL OUTPUT
IN TWO STATES
It is estimated that 700,000 people In Lon
don Hva by crima.
In the singles Lux scored 136, Crawford
191; Harwood 188 and 169. The match had
not been completed at an early hour this
morning.
Russell and Scheerer, "i<i; Arnold and Rear
don," 336; -Muller and Thormahlen, 333: Mc-
Cully and Dyslr.cer, 330; Lux and Lee, "325;
Busch and Smith, 325; Minott and Crawford,
315; Harwood and Theberg, 310; t)r. Nash and
Fault, 306: Simpson and Burke. 805; Katto
and Gonsales. 280: Dreger and .'Ahem.- 275;
Owen and Israel, 270; Dent and F. ¦ Robins,
240; Harris and Davis. 203; Pike and Egbert.
2S5; Kilmer and Martine. 278; Eacret and
Gott. 272; Marris and Parisot, 252; -McMillan
and Anderton, 2C5; Lord and Lenzen,? 2M>;
Stevens and C. M. Smith, 293; Barker . and
Menn. 29*5; Hobson and Robins. 243; Denlcke
and Simpson. 291; Thorpe and Birdsall,. 270. .
Los Anrelee, 815: All-America baseball
team, 7S0: American Bowling Alley, C92: Gard
en City No. 1, 790; Echoes No. 1. 675; Lin
colns No. 1, 721; Echoes No. 2, COO; Garden
City No. 2, 7f>S; Lincolns No. 4, 076; Garden
City No. 4. CSS; Garden City No. 3. 609; El
Dorado, 601; American, 613; San Francisco,
758.
In the doubles tournament the scores
were: \ ' ' - . .- ¦¦¦¦:.-¦
The Eugenes, the bowling ¦" team which
holds the championship of Northern Cali
fornia, defeated the crack Los Angeles
team last night in, the tournament In
' Central alleys. There were .fifteen teams
In all entered. The Individual scores of
the Eugenes were: Leap 172, BIrdsall 15S,
Gott 182. Thorpe 156, Eacret 174; total, 812.
The scores of the other teams were:^ t >-
Successfully Defend Their Title,
"Winning a Trophy.
Champions of Northern California
EUGENES DEFEAT THE
LOS ANGELES BOWLERS
• San Andreas was thrown into a flutter of,
excitement when it was told about town that
the Fellow. Craft mine had been "Jumped"
during the night. -"As there, are something Ilka
$10 000 or $15,000 worth i of Improvements on
the' ground and the mine itself is valued at
8S much more, at least, the jumping stirred
the town from center to circumference.
The property has of late stood in the name
Of the Fellowcraft Mining . Company, the prin
cipal holders of the stock, being Dr. Lewis of
San Francisco and James'. Tlscornla' of this
place. There is a fnlll' on. the property,; and all
the other buildings necessary for a complete
plant. The main shaft is down 250 "feet and
much other work has been done. Just as mill
ing was about : to commence the mine was
clo*ed down; by- litigation and has been 1 ' idle
about two years.-/ Mr. Tiscornia purchased his
portion of the" stock at a forced sale to satisfy
a Judgment for,. his own .'and assigned claims
against the mine. He lacked a few shares of
having a controlling- interest." ;¦ -*•-•¦ •
It is claimed that no assessment' work has
been done for.the year 1901, and as the mine is
not patented • It T therefore became subject to
relocation. At midnight between, the old and
new year Henry; Zwlnge, • Ben, Joohnson and
Frank Treat Jr. repaired to the . ground and
posted their notices of ' relocation, > and since
then . have followed up their programme by
doing wcrk on the ground. Mr. Tiscornia also
put men at work there In order to protect his
interest..; There is a chance for an interesting
lawsuit.- ¦ •. ; '\ ' : ' ,-V v->
The-Amador Ledger ¦ says that mining
In Anxadp'r .. County promises' great things
for the coming year. Around Jackson the
mining outlook is particularly ; brlght. Out
side of Jackson, the industry is also thriv
ing. At Sutter.Creek the Central: Eureka,
the Wildman and Lincoln are attracting
attention., At Amador City -a- notable
mining revival is in progress.
'.'Altogether," says the ..Ledger, "the
prospect is flattering. The gold yield for
the coming year is expected to show a
material increase over -that of last year.
It is pleasing to- be able to state, with
truthfulness, that our main industry Is
upon a more satisfactory footing than it
has known for many years." \ - : .¦;.:
suits against the 'Shasta- Iron Company,
the company comes into possession ¦ of
lands in the Pit River iron district that
were claimed by plaintiffs on the basis of
prior location. . • -
The Calaveras Prospect- says: --
Extolling colonial patriotism Chamber
lain said: "Only a day or two ago I read
In an Influential Canadian paper an edi
torial which declared that the pro-Boers
in England were injuring the empire
abroad and destroying the unity which Is
our national safeguard. This is only a
sample of the loyalty expressed in every
colony of the empire. This Is a new
factor in politics. You must hereafter
consult the c,oloniea upon every vital
question of imperial politics."
Chamberlain concluded by paying trib
utes to Lord Kitchener's stern resolution-,
the army's cheerful courage and Lord
Milner's wise administration.
Our American kinsfolk agreed to a treaty
to enable the construction of an lnteroceanlc
canal which I believe will be of great ad
vantage to the commerce of the world, as it
will be of great advantage to the United
States. I might have included the struggle
between the Boers and Great Britain for su
premacy in South Africa, but I say these are
Folid achievements in the cause of peace and
If we have been unable to remove Continental
prejudice, which has always existed, but -was
never more coarsely expressed, we have at least
been enabled to settle many substantial differ
ences which might have caused international
conflict.
Chamberlain said that when the present
Ministry came Into office it was at a timo
when the country was at peace with the
world, but the Cabinet had to meet at
least six burning questions of interna
tional Importance. These legacies which
Lord Salisbury had to take up included
the Venezuelan boundary question, the
Samoan difficulty and the French posi
tion on the Nile, all of which the Govern
ment successfully grappled with and dis
posed of. Chamberlain added:
How can I be made responsible for what
Lord Grey hai called "filthy lies," anil", vl at
Lord Rosebery described as "vile, infamous
falst-hoods," which have been diss*m'naied in
fcrelg-n countries without a syllable cf pro
te&t, without the slightest Interference by re
sponsible authorities? My opponents must find
some other scapegoat; they must Jook further
for tho causes of hostility, which i <1j not think
Reserved, but which always com;s to the tur
face when we are In difficulty, and which I
am glad to say has never done us tsurlou* harm.
I do not deprecate the importance of the
gocd will of foreign nations, but there Is some
thing more important. It is the affection, of
our kinsfolk across the sea. Even our grait
losses In the war that has been forced upon
us have brought In tbeir train one blessing:
of Infinite and lasting importance. That war
has enabled the British empire to find itself,
and has shown to all whom it may concern
Oiat 1/ ever again we have, as Jn the past, to
fcght lor our very existence aga'.nst the world
in arms, we ¦null be supported by the Kins of
Britain In every quarter of the globe.
What I have raid, I have said. I withdraw
nothing. I qualify nothing, I defend nothing.
As I read history no British Minister' has
ever served his country faithfully and at the
same time been popular -abroad.- I therefore
make allowance lor foreign criticism. I will
not (cl'iow the example that has be<m s«t me.
I do not want to give lessons to a foreign
Minuter, and I will not accept any at his
hands. I am responsible only tj niy sovereign
and my countrymen. • •-. ; . .
In referring. to the animosity of foreign
nations h© said' that he was aware that In
some quarters it was attributed to the
oratory of the Colonial Secretary. He
continued:
LONDON, Jan. 11.— Joseph Chamber
lain, the Colonial Secretary, in speaking
at Birmingham to-night, took occasion,
without- entering into a controversial re
joinder, to notice the criticisms showered
upon him in the Reichstag during the past
week, especially Count von Bulow's cas
tigation.
The Colonial Secretary
Speaks cf Reichstag .
Utterances.
CHAMBERLAIN
DEFIES CRITICS
Judge Sweeney of Shasta County, hav
ing denied the motion for retrials in two
On the first day of January, 71 notices
of mlninsr claims were filed at Redding.
Shasta County. Evidently, so | says the
Redding Searchlight, there was consider
able, work going on among Shaata's hills
on the first day of the year, beginning
with the first hour. Some of the local
oil companies had men relocate their
claims on New Year's day. Proofs of
labor on forty-three mining claims were
also recorded at Redding on the first day
of the year. The Searchlight hints that
many claims were "jumped." •-.¦¦
Many Claims Filed.
The Scott valley Advance says that the
Aromas Mining Company, is putting its
ditches In shape to mine in the spring.
The ledge on the lower level of the Sheba
Creek mine Is reported by the Advance
to have been uncovered accidentally by
a cave-in in the tunnel that was being
run. The mine is on Patterson Creek. The
Russian Creek mining district is reported
to be showing up very well.
The Anglo-Saxon Mining Company,
through J. O. Stewart, has bought the
Ilex mining property in Rich Gulch, Cal
averas County. J. E. Doolittle will pros
pect the Cutler ranch at Jenny Lind.
which he has bonded. A mill has been
installed at the Sugar* Fine mine, near
Angels Camp, and the' property will be
exploited. -The Altaviile Mining Company
has been organized with a capital stock
of $100,000 to operate near Altaviile. The
Maxey mine is- having its second season's
run. Two giants are employed In the
working
According to the Orovllle Register a
ten-stamp mill is ready to operate at the
Hazel ton quartz mine,' which was former
ly known as the Carlisle mine. It is sit
uated on the south fork of the Feather
River. The company has abundant water
power. . .
A' company composed of Amos Treloar
and others has leased the Green's Gulch
mine. This mine is an old prospect that
was worked some years ago, but was
abandoned because there' was no mill
available -to crush the quartz. The ledge
Is a continuatiqn of the Princeton mine,
so says the Mariposan..
The Mountain Lion mine near Redding
has been bonded by M. W. Herron and
A. W. Thierkoff to Frank B. Roberts and
the property will be worked. . . ; ¦¦
The Colfax Sentinel says that the 20
stamp mill on the May Flower mine near
Forest Hill has been started on a test
run of gravel. The recent shortness of
the water supply has greatly hampered
mining operations in Placer County.' This
Ralston Divide Mining Company was
compelled to shut down; needing- the lim
ited supply of water on hand for pros
pecting. The Shady Run quartz < mine
will be. ready to. start up with its new.
10-stamp mill about the 15th inst. Th*
report is sent out that there are more
than 2000 tons of quartz on: thie dump. ¦... -•-
The Mariposan , reports that the Gari
baldi mine at Kinsley is hoisting out about
forty tons of ore per day. The shaft is
down 355 feet. A rich pocket is reported
to have been struck at - the Mariposa'
mine. The opening of the Texas mine
has been postponed. '~ - - ¦ • .- • • - - :
News of Counties.
There have been no sensational discoveries
of new placer gold fields during 1901. Some
discoveries have been made that may become'
sensational In 1902. The same statement is to
be made of lode gold mines. . .There are as yet
no new gold fields though some notable discov.
erles that may -become gold fields in 1902.
There has been a marked widening of the
limits of old gold producing districts every
where and some notable examples of success
ful re-exploitation of supposedly worked out
mines.
Gold mining in 1001 has been a steady com
mercial business. ¦¦- Operators, having practically,
no concern as to sale prices .have beenengaged
in effecting: economies which, Increasing the ef
ficiency of labor, lower the . cost of . produc
tion. The average cost of producing gold Is
certainly lower at the end- of 11KHL than it was
at the beginning. In part this is apt to be
overlooked, as reductions 'In the cost "of pro
duction simultaneously bring within commer
cial reach gold bearing, deposits that, before
costs were reduced were unutlllzable.
Mining bas been improved and cheapened by
a more general use of vertical shafts in lode
mines, by the more general use of power drills,
and by the much extended use of electric power
transmissions. In placer mining the employ
ment of dredgers has become more general,
and the costs of operation have also been re
duced by the use of electric power. The aver
age production of units of gold-bearing rock
to the unit of day's labor of the miner has
been increased more than his wages. In mill
ing and reduction the cyanide process has been
more widely applied. In South Dakota and
Montana, particularly, this process, as install
ed in 1901. will result in a large Increase in
production and profits during l«02 and after
ward. Lesser economies and reductions in
cost have been effected by the use of conveying
machinery and in improvements in the detail
of concentration methods. Both gold mining
and milling are becoming more exclusively me
chanical, more efficient to the end desired, and
cob t less on the average than at the beginning:
Of 1901, • . »
Gold miners in ' California are ' looking
forward to large developments the'pres
ent year may bring about. The same is
true of the prospectors for copper. , The
gold dredging industry is certain -to in
crease the output. . Muchjs expected from,
the new dredging; operations to be under
taken in Calaveras County. . The present
year will bring the 'Sweepstakes mining
property in Trinity County to the produc
ing stage. Attention . was recently... called
to the wide distribution of copper, depos
its Indicated by. the. maps. and | reports of
the State Mineralogist.' .. Copper . miner*
are not likely to curtail, the copper pro
duction. The base metal is found with
gold and silver, In California /and the
value of the precious metals pays for the
cost of mining. There is a great outlook
for the gold miners. The s Mining ! ; and
Scientific Press reviews this subject and
its conclusions will be read with interest:
Local Copper Product Not
Likely to " Be . Less -
in Volume.
Gold Mimng Is Becoming
Solid Commercial
Pursuit,
NEW PROCESSES
INSURE WEALTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAl^Ii, StJNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1902.
27
/ AD VEBTISKMENT8. ; .. - -,.,...-.
INTRODUCTION. 1
Tbe FIDELITr RCPTtRE CURE, which la the only patnlena ln]e«tlo«
trfntmfnt that trill cure &O per cent of all cases so they will stay oared,
warn established in 1891 by Frank H. Wray, M. D., of Chicago, a physi-
cian Trlth a quarter ot a century's experience in the practice of medicine
hziO »nr(tery. . : - ¦
Slnoe this treatment 'was established and pro-red to be successful more
than one hundred imitations hare oome into existence, each to sink into
oblivion M-lthln a year. Fakirs and unprincipled scoundrels of the dark-
«*t dye. stylinc themselves "doctors" and "professors." not possessing; : a
nirdioal education or diplomas, bare advertised lonpr and loud the virtues
of their wonderful appliances asd external applicatfonsi consequently,
the oonfidins; sufferers have been duped and disappointed by these quacks
ro they have lost confidence In humanity, bat in spite of all this, the
riDEMTY method has grown and is oicd by several hundred arradaated
phrsiclans from the Atlantic to the Pacific, all Of whom have been spe-
olally educated by Dr. Wrar or some of his qualified physicians how to
apply this urcat and grand Cure. In order to establish public confidence,
<-nch doctor will treat every case that is pronounced ourable upon the
plan of "no pay until cared," and when the patient ts dischara-ed a "Cer-
tificate of Cure" is issued, which is arood in any of these offices for future
attention, if necessary, free of eharg-e. No other medical concern in the
world can make a similar offer, or dare to conduct their practice upon
like business principles, for they cannot produoe a. cure that will stay
cured.
>' In San Francisco and her suburbs more than 25,000 people of all ages
are afflicted with Rupture, and nine out of ttrerr ten can be oured in
sixty days by this scientific and painless treatment without the loss of
time or interruption of business, and, considering- this, it is certainly
erimlnal np (c llifoiicr if the afflicted will not avail themselves of this grand
opportunity to be made whole again.
Of what use are riches and position if one has a defective body and
hovers over an open grave, for one knows not what moment strangula-
tion may occur, and when it does, in the majority of oases, the grave soon
holds the victim. Do not attempt to paas through life with a hoop of iron
or a foul-smelllnar and disease-breeding old elastic truss about your
tr<^ n *» t* taU * pride in being sound of body and clean of person.
The San Krancisco office was opened last August, and since then many
bad cases in your midst have been cured) also, a largo class now under
treatment composed of men, women and children, and these people are
here to verify our published statements, and the Cure is here where it can
•>• *" lr «2"Kl;t*d— jiot off ««rae place where lnvestio-atlon ts Impossible.
The FIDELITY Cure cannot be sent by mall, as every patient must come
to one of our offlcei for personal attention. More than 20,000 ruptured
persons hare been cured by the FIDELITY method in the last ten years,
rue Cure is permanent, as we can prove, for during last month we
»»ve received hundreds of letters from people all over the United States
?£ «"• treatment many years a S o. and they all unite in saying
their Cure Is lasting, and they are going without a truss, which they
were compelled to wear before taking thU treatment. r
Every ruptured person who is Interested In being cured is Invited to'
i2EZl** a * T ° fflc t d ¦»•¦* " mtlok * lm « «¦ «*»*r ¦«« fit in reading these
o'S^'^^^i^AS^^c^Z^L^^ to <Urect tb * •«•*•*«• **•
Dr « »* f *r is in San Francisco instructing 'California physicians how
to use thi. treatment, and his old associate. Dr. Ge£gS D. Coe, of manT
r^i eX ?f rlea^ IV^ 1 " ?> Mt » lty . *¦ «*• Permanent resident physic*«
for this city, and will be pleased to meet all who desire a consultation.
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE.
GEORGE D. COB, M. D., Physician In Charge,
30 1-2 ICenrny Street, San Francisco.
¦ : : : : ANNUAL :|
I CLEARANCE SALE. |
$ art oboDs,picTUREs. ; : 11 7 hf 3 ADV XTDFFT $
i '. FINE CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE. "w Ul*ftK I iJ .1 K1-. L* X . J
EXPERT^ OPTICIAN. .
Of the San Francisco Daily Bul-
let* n Is Thoroughly Convinced
That Mayerle's Glasses Are
FAR SUPERIOR to All Others
For reading or distance, weak eyes and poor
eight, headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, pain about the eyes, behind the
head or In the temples, nervousness, sore. eyes,
discharging eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes,
crosseyes, burning, smarting, itching, scratch-
ing, twitching eyes, eyes sensitive' to strong
light, etc. NEGLECTED EYESIGHT AF-
FECTS THE BRAIN. MAYERLE'S GLASSES
STRENGTHEN THE EYES AND . BRAIN.
These classes are the only ones that ara In-
dorsed by the highest United States Army,
Navy and Government officials.
The Genuine
'\5%c!**k3§Ci Vlnyerle's Hlasse* Must Be
£/BgM]*± Ordered Direct From
r 32^ GEORGE MAYERLE
* Mr. Mayerle does .not travel, nor does he
employ any traveling opticians to. represent
him. - .
GEORGE MAYERLE,
.Graduate German Expert Optician. '
1071^ Market Street, Near 7th,
, GERMAN EYEWATER 50c. ; ;
Telephone South ¦ 572. ' Open Evenings Until fl.
. GEORGE MAYERLE,, German "Expert Opti-'
clan.': r Charter member .American Association of
Opticians; also graduate of the American Col-
lege of Ophthalmology. ¦ ¦',.';' ' . >
See City Directory for Eye Specialists. ..
CUT THIS OUT.
';'¦ JOB BOSENBEBys. ~| ; JOE BOSENBEBQ'S. '•"'¦. { •'/ JOE BbSEiraEBCKS. y ( ' a JOE ROSENBERG'S. ".¦ . ' ; ; /
y /i r*^^^^ trlmmel with the finest laces, embroideries and I
||^r|v ¦*Y*— *f IJgH \% y^^^vSS^^^ hemstitchlnas. This manufacturer Is known to make the finest I
liicsS 7|| V^'^^^YmSf^ underwear that Is made— Gowns, Chemises, SklrtSj Drawers, etc. We |
'm^BJ^ii : fifflr-mfL 1 It : iSIL\^*b5k}$''\' FIBST- IiADIES' GOWN, made of soft bleached M« n?v f n Yoirp Docket D
ffiga^KfiTOX ¦¦.'¦"• I if I jBp/&f 1 g Yffl*4' 1^5? *\ muslin, square yoke of sixteen hemstitched tucks, and nuuB J iu 1UV1 i-uvrw-i w
J^HraVtiiJ / g^a^/lW-A W Jjrifflb&f' /tirk1$&$& finished onnd the neclt with ruffle and two rows of if y 0U invest in these Ribbons. ffl
mM^&W ble^h°eF^Sr^?h? Loom^Sln.^hed 0 wlth° a S^^^"^^^^^^ I
. I /y\O>^V^S>\^ JOwS^ W&J shield shaptf yoke of all over embroidery, edged with a at a & reat d^ c^ u ?^ so n B t> 1 *i, ln t £ a tU »t K
W^i^^^S^^^K wffl l^^?\\ C«*V W ¦ lawn • ruffle and fine torchon lace; sleeves and collar £§ a "hall the orisfnal msmufacturer^s B
'M\^m^^^^Bn ¦ \ ' „ SADIES' CHEMISE, made of soft bleached cambric; has a round- cos^ - _ rr^ are made of best |
m*\ b*0**6SK\J&>§5^ fn an<f e fl t: sleeves and neck trimmed with a lawn ruffle, also bead- ' all-silk taffeta, warranted g
W" I* 1 , 1 ," a dee P 9-fnch 'hemstltche<T and "ouncef full length S and TO jfft OR BUCK VELVET j
. ¦,"¦./ , '«¦ /V- femW^^4(r\W :il Va^*» width. It Is your opportunity to buy them at this price 5Oc /«l . RIBBON, best quality veJ- H
¦ FOP -^^VV' Y55v_y^^l ' 1 SKIRT, made of soft bleached nainsook, finished y'fx} ten-yard^lece?:' °° meS H
B' Women WllO I torchon lace;also dust ruffle.' You will pay double the price for the ma- Width V& • '"%7i c p ! ece H
i PerSDirC Fredy. •• \M W R^r SADIES' SKIRT, -ladeo? extra heVvybieacned'musl'ini 'finished "Width l^!".'.'.'.'.'.'."'.'.'.*.'.'.*.'.25c Piece M
¦ cn-nn^TVP-p ouiPT no ¥s 1ft- • a 13-Inch tucked embroia'jred flounce; also dust "ruffle. Manufactur- O
I m T ad? K o? E bes S t HI q E u.amy - \t ? ers prl ce W as ? 12.00 a dozen. Our price .. 89e LOW-Prfced OHcrfogS |
¦ ¦ffd e "™Vd^»w?2B!rd ; '. 1 .^^ Prices Way ,pown,.' •. ,,-Thc Busiest Store m Frisco. • in h^madc Battcnbcrg scar^ , I
te^dSStnel 36^ X^ £l\^*«™ SW&S, :' Our va'ue, make u, so *£* "%& I
H • '. » , ? * tv ??• n »x LADIES' BLACK UNDERSKIRTS, >e^ >*^^^ &=& COMBS— Odds and extra heavy linen centers, and hand- H
H Wnnl Wai^tS Zlt POSIUVC COSt. ma< i e r . f best fast black Italian cloth, f^&^miF7& VJJI Ends of a manufac- made Battenberg lace trimmed. You'll M
H VYUUl «uu«« l rUl ""- v *»*»*• with <*eep . accordion plaited flounce/ •^% H *f 1^ f4r turer, this season's* pa y more for the thread and braid than H
H ' '.',\i '¦¦¦ Wo have several broken lines edgi K with narrow .ruffle, faced with" tffl Mr newest styles. We what we ask for them finished... SI. 98 M
M .fcrS of waists, just a few sizes and good quality crinoline.- Full length, extra ¦ >Sl // bought them In bulk. At , rinxArv 1C n im rnHCTANT ATM 9
H. tf-.T colors in each line, all made of width. A substantial; well-made gar- ¦-¦¦'-'¦ . :^\ » llr " without being boxed ACCURACY 15 OUK tONolATil ALP\ B
B : IfekT very best quality "French flan- ment for little or nothing...... ...jgl.OO *«*^W or carded, and got a :_>.*! v ka i^h.. »n ttat<jt>- H
i /W\ nels.' tucked, plain and fancy „.,. wx.wu. mZSSZxSmgfr wonderfulconcession. « >S c £«V?£vRTPBr h f act «?^rIS TH
i /i W trimmed. All have been re- VeilflKSS W 1 IP They are the very MADE BATTENBERG LACE SCAR FS M
I/Al duced to just half the original VClllUgS. . 'TOiSlllP tinest, highly polished one^of the "«*«* B £^ J»«?rn s.K D
1 (>W «l» n S price. , For .example: . Lower than you have ever bought ' Italian Shell, the kind W ' ask you $4 it I
Bl-V^nr- $5.50 waist now $3.5O them. The European manufacturer sent we can guarantee; will not pull or J? 0 ™.™ 1 -, SLj^hlni down to «« 'fiO tit
Elj ]* *4.50 waist ..now «2.«>8 us samples so that we could make our scratch the hair. An expert judge can- so we\e marltfed them <lo*n to..»^,.oa M
B U V $250 waist now 81.50 selections. We have ' made our selec- not tell them from the real unless ho -. t . . W
ffl ' . .. . :. tions— and rather than send them back tests them— CXu3. * p
H Mo Mvcforu Ahnirt Thr«:<> and pay freight on them he gave them 50c quality now .25c . T . c^LL r««»« **» th* K-.t ra
H HO MySiery ADOVl lllCig. to us at a wonderfulconcession. They 75c quality now 3Sc Tne ScfOSis G.oves are tne Deft Bg
H THE SIMPLE TRUTH IS come in different kinds of plain and. $1.00 quality now 50c G!ovss made. ' » ' y
3 tCA. mmk .WE IMPORT THEM DI- fancy meshes, also chenille dotted: they - t~,_ a >w>-ir«. *t*tr-m*nt l<» nnt H
H M«^-"llir RECT FROM THE MILLS. are . 18 inches wide and 36 inches long- Gotham ! • rT^S?%. an^exaKektlon but thl 1
1 «lfl Till NO MIDDLEMAN'S PROF- .^st enough for a veil Be the early bird UOinam l • - ¦ \MfZ& nfain truth They are made I
i Mllwi^* IT HERE. >• ??* h f,ve the first choice of the 35c and It is the queen of all hose supporters. >t [ n h^t nlrbd laiSbTkiir H
B -7*5' One case - or 6° dozen ' of Veils< AH wlU be sold at one P rIce/ - xt is attached to the front of a corset by M\ SiteA twSteap faTteners' 1
i Or CHILD'S STOCKINGS, ./......:..... 15c a patent clasp, finished by a satin pad ii RpaJil Polnt^'^ sUtched back' B
¦ & made of extra strong two- Corsets • " " with patent rubber grip hose supporters •*»*»* n^, ls W wiS b«t fltUnr ami 1
M « thread yarn, double heel, *«*«CIA.,. . attached. It reduces a woman's abdo- _ n . t f«i tl.^^i^ H
H knee and toe ; seamless and absolutely Noteworthy Items selected from a J?en at least from three to four inches Fitted an^ warranted . . . . SI OO R
|: fast black; Swiss ribbed;, all sizes at , score of otheri equally as 'pood v, olo , rSl in^' . blue '» redl .^ e }L 0W a V, d warrantee ..Sl.OU |
I^S^^piS-ST^KfN^'iS , M i^^f^Sli^^#i|"|l|a^c§ .ANOTHER SLOVE WOHDEB. . B
1 fka|^ 1 «^°a h h^?: Vl gg |S01H^ Do You Wish to Gvard JSgSfiS « G o^X?^«.°^5 1
H ar.teed fast black. It would not pay X^Jk » ?fn?wnm.n Sfh^ 3 aJ: - v i. 't j .,,, " j /«, clasp. The best possible, thing for cola S
m you to darn stockings at the wonderful ,Wn] ?et for women who do not car© , Your husband, children and yourself' -weather and a sure preventive of chil- B
I low price we are selling them......lOc mk\ letifn^a shajdy waist without from coughs and colds? Wains. Only 75c §
¦ No matter how low the price we quote, j%ML lacing; over the hips and bust. HALF THE SICKNESSES ARE CON- Gloves and Ribbons cleaned by a dry H
M the goods are always op to the standard Ijgjjffl It la well boned and lace TRACTED FROM COVERS BEING orocess and made to look like new. 5c oair H
M MEN'S SOX— Made Of the best lm- ROTa trimmed; colors, pink, blue and THROWN OFF WHILE TOU ARE P™«» •"» ""« u« ui« H i. j»ir w
M Dorted Egyptian cotton double heels W'W$\ black. Note this price 30c ASLEEP. HERE ARE SOME PRE- n, lrt i,i__ KJ
i and *doubfe SS; fast 'colors, tan i? . Sale O'Farrell-street entrance. -VENTIVES AT AN EXTRA . LOW BUCKlCS. |
I .^\i*?L^r!':^Aoa V $Sl Something NCW. ' -• ? ?Ss -flannelette GOWKS. ¦ - 50c and 75c Buckles now 25c I
M - X— -?aot nAt,ar-p O m" made of extra heavy flannelette.' double *Oh^GMt Made In all the newest U
I Cold Wcathsr Comforts. ™£*™t lZ^^^ d ?:.™}™ s ?:.£& $%£$ LYcifi^, s V y ren : C n h | y ra c y°s rae a^ I
I iEiderdown Sacques 49 c, and a won, %V^£^^ $!$%££??&' 39c INSTEAD OF 75c eJeSTor fnl' £fft I
R V jfei der.for'the; price. ; ': ¦< after new erect former straight front ' A LADIES' FLANNEL- shapes.. AIL to be sold at one price.... H
1 j tf 4. . LADIES 1 EIDERDOWN ™9 d^. Lenjgth of .-back slxinch.es, front 43k ;-' ETTE GOWNS, made of 25c fl
i J&£ SACQUES, inade ot good length^ten Inches.^ Colors, pink,, blue. .; *fc P* good, warm.- striped flannel- ¦
M ¦¦ ffiffr>\ ¦ auaiity e derdown rolling bla <* °f whlt 4 e -. It win more- th^n pay .* affljhj* ette, double yoke back, turn- | m f. Rp/»pfvrr1f
I gW\\ collar/ edges f crocheted wUh * ou t0 lns P ect them at thls low <8 p 1 nc^J iMMm °\^ Co11^ fUl1 le T h &nd JUSl KeCeiVCfl^ |
1 i \\\ ¦¦-¦$& best yarn; all sizes; colors, VTA" "VY'TY .•"vy"'?. 1 ' 00 X«|S™' l ? 1 fth. gtiar- A ncw MSOftment 0 { Ladles' Purses. M
Wlb^^-'^S^ n £r^£^'- .,V C^i th « ed >«' •. ;, ;¦;-¦ jMa ?l"y ee wi h l?Yasl 0 StSnf S e p Q ri U c^: Splendid value, that will bring a rush
|.V^^^ : !!^5^:^.^^e; why Not Bcavtity Your Rooms g flTFf •••-•••"•••••••-"••••soc of %«*»«. to thi. excellently stocked
B nu»;«* B«n«-T;;i*«J * ,—^¦'¦•a: > '.- ¦ ¦ For a lttle orice like this? • MEN'S . GOWNS. ladies' pursb.and cardcasb
ra A tale ; ol wonderjul prices, in puf Lace, In bow-knot designs, four pieces double yoke back, full length and full s * ee i frame all machine sewed wfell
B Handkerchief Depar<ment.. :¦ -" to a .set. If you bought them last week width, perfect in every detail; warranted made and very durable. Good value for
E9 ' t adips^ handkerchiefs made you'd have -paid^$1.50. y On -account of to, wash.' If we were not manufacturers n»tio monev - "Zflt*
i of^dquaH^FS^ine^, sheer and reducing ; our stock we have marked we. could not *ell ahem at^the price we "^g^L Td^'e S ; " COMBINATION
N dainty, neatly hemstitched, unlaundered, inem •••"• 7OC : asK ..50c purse AND CARDCASE, made . of
H just as they came from the factory. A , . ,^-b «%'m 4% ¦¦ ai m ¦¦ n a Of a TW A "Dtri7T« bTt>l?C"P good gray Suede, leather lined,-; riveted
H positive wonder for the price 10c I fl ¦_ IB f|l? L Rl D L D H OlO MAnHc, i OlKllbl, steel frame, the kind you cannot lose
m ALSO— GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS. Bill" K fl 1 W* V& fl S" K l« a ¦ ,l c u n n .m- „ s - money out of, all machine sewed, not
El made of extra heavy lawn, hand-made J %# L« !oy U LlQ U LllU Running through to 11 0 FarrtU. glued, fancy embossed corners, block
Wi Initial, six In a box. all neatly hem- , Moll n»^.» c ««i:^U»J DHFi iv'Riiiinivc > bottom, made as well aa. any $t.0O purse.
m stitched. Price per box of six.... ..30c mall t»rder« Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. Our special ...5Oc
AJDVEKTISEMENTS.
Marvelous
Growth of Hair.
A Famous Do:tor-Chfiiiiist Has Discov-
ered a Compound That Grows
Hair on a Bald Head in a
Single Night.
Starling Anncuaosment Causes Doctors to
Mural ttd Stand Duaforaded at
tlo Woaderfal Cores.
The Discoverer Sends Fres Trial Packages
to All Wio Write.
After half a century spent In the laboratory,
crowned with high hoior» for his many world-
is mous discoveries, the celebrated physldan-
MISS KISLOP. of New Zealand
end Hsr Ma velous G*owlh of fl « r.
rtmrrtit at the head of the great Altenhelm
Medical Di^peneary, 6384 Butterfleld Bldg., Cin-
cinnati, O'.iio. lias Juet made the startling an-
nouncement that he has produced a compound
that prows hair on any bald head. The doctor
makes the claltn that after experiments, taking
years to complete, he has at last reached the
Koal of fcu ambition. To the fioctor all heads
*re alike. There are none which cannot be
cured by this i-emarkable remedy. The record
cf the cures already made is truly marvelous,
and were it not for 4he high standing of the
great physician and the convincing testimony
of thousands of citizens aU over the country
It would sfem too miraculous to be true.
There can be no doubt of the doctor's ear-
tiestness la ir.akins his claims, nor can hit
cur*>R be disputed. He does not ask any man.
woman or child to take hJ« or any one else's
word for it. but he Btands ready and willing to
send free trial packages cf this great hair res-
torative to any one who writes to him for It.
Inclosing a stamp to prepay postage. In
a Fiwrle nirht it has started hair to growing
or. heads bt.ld for years. It has stopped falling
hair in ono hour. It never fails, no matter
what tbe condition, age or sex. Old men and
young men, women anc children all have prof-
iled by the free use of this great new discov-
ery- Write to-day if you ar» bald. If your hair
!» falling o jt or if your hair, eyebrows or lye-
lashes are thin or short and in a short time
vcu .will be : entirely ie*~r4.
I""""" SuperiorTailoredl
if* B I 6 HF.C* - v '"" J
I These suits are. .
I :' made; on, honor, are .
I * tailored with, ex- '
f quisite skill;- are cut;
\ | . right • up to the latest ,.
I y,-'. style; cost no more-
| ,• than other suits; will
look well untiF worn *
out, and you willsay, ..
as others" have, that
>-the % suit! you • got • .
here was the best you.
B^ ever** wore - N £
; a ¦, / w,EEK.^; : ; ;
V ¦' ¦'''. • ¦ ¦¦-"'¦ "¦¦¦¦'' '¦; . / ¦ .'¦./'¦¦*'
12®EI!isSt.AbovePowel!Banquet of Laundry-Wagon- Drivers.
Laundry Wagon Drivers* Union No. 256
of this city gave. a banquet last evening:
at ihe B'nal B'rith Hall where a goodly
company sat down to a repast, at which
they were Joined by the Laundry- Wagon
Drivers' Union JT6. 2G3 of Oakland. -Th«
music and congs and speeches kept' tha
company in good humor and spirits until a
late hour. ! Those who had the arrange*
ments in charge were: G. F. Lang, pres
ident; A. Hovey, .vice president; Charles
;;.Bioxihart!siFla«ced' Balsam ; v
wm cure ' your cough.' SO cents at til I oru«UU;
' TOPEICA, ' Kans./vJan."- 11.— The '- Supreme
Court I to-day decided | the Parker-Hughes .^May
oralty contest in; favor of Albert Parker,, the
Democratic contestant. "' : -'. ",. ¦¦"¦ .*.'-'-.'•.
Trapper's Oil cures r!ieumat:sm and neuralgia.
Drugsitts, Me flask.' KK-hard & Co.' 40« Clay. ?
'.'- NEW TORK,v Jan.- 11.— The.- Nationals City
Bank shiped to : day $500,000 in gold to Bremen.
,-Wra: F. Maltby. Chlco: Jas. McCaw Jr.. Oak
land ; j Frank .. I^aborere. > City ; Frank- M. Woods, I
City; iWm'-MaKuire.j City. ,S. W. McKinney. I
City; A.' .I.? fioldate, ¦ Fftaluma; <¦ "C.» H.« Dtna ¦
Nlpomo;:*EmlI.-Fllck.MnKomar; "(J. E. Lepetit •
Folsom; . "Samuel F. Ix>» -Anire'lea- !
•Harry:.T. Callahan. ,L.lvcrmore: Louis Malerat '
Sunol ; , C. L L<: « - Wither*," i Paisley. 'Or.;--F ¦ j' j
Hunt. .Alameda; ;"H. . Sommers, ¦, City . »w f'
Hillebrand,- ¦ City: -:H. ; J. -Sehou.^ City' "r" a J
noBS, City:- "Harry T." Hays. City; R.- E. ; Ham- i
ilton. ' HealdsburK: "Frank-. L. , Look. ' Rohner- I
ville; rD.C.VVraitnizau.i City: 1 Fre<5 F..Ball ¦• Pa- !
lermo :- Jrr. "WaterBon, Bentnn ; '- W. • B. ¦ McPha- '
ilen. 1 BankB.i. Canada: ."C.-M. Allen;- Clty-"C 1
N. Parmcnter," Oakland ;,C. L. Hcnshaw.'dty' •
ELEXTTKICAL ENGINEERINO ! DEPART
¦¦>:¦¦-¦:-•,¦, ¦ .--. . MENT. -.¦¦ -.J-r.-.r .. ¦-
: Sapphire jcorsets. : 52.50; , Royal Worcester
corset, blacky $1.25 ; quality, ; 65c.^ All cor
sets : fitted. ' Chester. F. Wright,- 6 Geary
st. , cor. : Kearny; : first : floor : upstairs. ' /" •
Corset Specials' for This Week.
r . Paul -'aged. 11 years, was com
mitted'. to> tneV-Boya* and Girls' Aid So
ciety by Judge Mogan yesterday. Paul
son has a penchant for stealing bicycles,
and Thursday ho stole one from the en
trance to the Public Library and sold It
for 25 cents. : , ¦--. :¦
Bay. Bicycle Thief.
Dowlinff. treasurer: James Jordan. 1 " tf8cre—
tary-treasurer, and Eugene Sprazue. John
Ryan, J. P. Connors and Hugh ifcMann.
•Cora L. Amberg. City; "Fred O. Adler City;
"Fanny M. Agar, City; "H. F. Archambault,
Red Bluff; "Maude Brannan. City: "Dave Bres
lauer. City: "W. J. Blake, V^rylnla .'City:
•Mamie E. Branln, San Lorenzo; *Meta I. Beh
rens, Pleasanton ; •Bernice Bemis,: Redding;
•Rosa Coxen. City; "Chas. M. Cadman," Ala
meda; 'Martha J. Casey. City; "Dora Irene
Colver, City; "Vere • Chamberlin, City: *Fern
R. Dovey,' City; "Ben C. Donager, . Hanford;
•Homer - De. ' Pue, City; "Alice -Desmond, Ma
dera: "Jessie A. Edwards, City: "Gertrude Fay,
City; "Agnes R. Flanagan, City; "Georglana
Ftnlayson, San Rafael: "Fay Griffin, Eureka.
Cal.: "Ida M. Green, City; "Nellie W. Glanninl.
Drytown: "Clyile B. Hart. City; "Bertram Hed
ley,.City; 4 "Emma M. Hahn. City; "Maude
Hutchlnson. Oroville; "Edith Hawthorne. City;
"Ernest W. Harmon. Yreka; Mrs.' C. J. Hen
derson, City; "Julia Harrington, Oakland; fGer
trude Johnson. City; "Nlta E. Klnney, , City;
•Sophia M. . Knlest. Treka : ' "Emile Lapachet,
City: "Peter V. Ligda, Berkeley; "Otto J. La
franchl. Reclamation; "Ethel M. Little. City;
•Rose Linehan. Virginia City: "May Levy.
City: "Edith M. Meusel, Oakland: : "Mildred
Marlin. City; "Chas. H. Moody, Winters; "Rene
Belle Murray,' City; "Floyd L. McNew; Daven
port, Wash.; "Albert J. Miller. Frultvala; "Pau
line Murray.' San Rafael; "L2o Nellsen, West
Berkeley:. -"Carhllle Paronl; City:: "Chas. A.
Peters, Prescott, Ariz.; "Otto C. Petersen. City;
•Emma Falamountaln, City; "Esther -Rosen -
Fteln. City; "Harry C. Roblpson. City; "Samuel
W.. Rogers. Los Angeles; "Clare Roemer, City:
Theresa - Shaughnessy, Santa : Cruz : "Corda
Stout, Fresno; "Robert Stevenson, City? "Wpi.
Sellandcr. Oakland* "Mary Steedman. Berke
ley: "Richard F. Smith. - Mlllbrae: "Elsie M.
Tillson. City. "Rachel H. Weeks. City; "Alex
ander-Waters, Oakland: "Louise Wigton.'Berke
ley;-"Jo«le Wieland.. Alameda: "Chas.' Wester
berg. ¦ ;¦ Alameda: "Louisa -Wehrli. City: "Wm.
Wagner. City; TB'.rdle Abrams, City; "Alice M.
Aguirre,' City: • "Alys . S. Arnette, Oakland;
•J6seph G. Aguirre, San Quentln;. "Samuel G
Atwood, Eerkeley; "Lea Behrle. Oakland-'
•Sadie R. Bromley. Berkeley: "Blanche A.-
Bariaau, City; ."Clyd* W. Cook. City; "Gea
, S. : Clack. City; "Cecil- "H.' Case. City; "Annie
E. Durkee. ; Frultvale;. "Alice • Desmond 'Ma
dera; - "Ani)ie-. Deveraix. Cleone; • Irm'a De
Loge, 'City; '"Homer *. De Pue, City; "Olga
Elchler. Hoplanrt ; "Rol-t. James Elliott,' Be-ke
ley;- "James \ VT. Eschen, Alameda; "Marie
Foster. City; "Mary E. Frame," Elmlra: ¦ "Anna
¦Flck, Oakland: ""Amelia Gock. City: "Rebecc*
Goodman,- Bodega; "Christina Goedge. City
•Alice G. • Hag«rty. City;. "Berne . H. - Hopkins'
Colorado: "Alma" Johnson. . ' Russells. - Alameda
Co. ; ."Mrs. Jennie Jolinson.- Oakland: ¦ "Grace
Johnson. 1 Berkeley; "Eudora N. Jamleson Ala
meda; { "Georgia A. Klenck. .City; "FrederE
Klenek, City; "C.'Adolph Laveaga,' City; "Ma
dfllenaLagomarslnp,'City: Jennie Lsvy City
•Hattie A. Ma«kow.. Cltyr "Kate McDermott.'
Clty;-"Irene C." Mason. ; Alameda : Clara Malter
Clty:"Chas.A.-Norris, Battle Mountain: Marie
L.Patris. City: "Louise J." Perry. City: "Pansy
A. Peterson.' City; ¦ "Mabel . E. - Palmer, Liver
more; "Ida"F.'Qulnton, City; "Agnes Roemer.
Clty:> "Agnes' Russell, City: "Bessie H. Scott
Oakland ; "Gertrude , E. - Story.TClty;, "Belle
Stowers. Santa ; Maria: ¦- "Augusta' Slem Tur
lock: "Frank L. ; Tremper, City; "Emma Uhder
.wood.cAlameda:- "May .Agnes Vincent,' City;
•Mary M. Wilsey.'Clty.r.v , ¦' - 7--<
SHORTHAND . DEPARTMENT.
.'• •Leon Beilhes, City; Frank Hunt. Alameda;
Kommel Laux, Colusa; •Bartolomeo -Ferrero,
City; Vigo M. Smith, Melrose; *Frank Hart
ung, Anthony House; *Carl .Craner, City; »Wm.
1 Baker, Winters; •Chaa.-H.Ivins, .San Luis
Oblapo; Geo. D. Watters,' Sacramento; -Jacob
Klemenchick, Sabastopol; Benj. • F. ( Davisson,
Guinda; *Guy Polifka,. Michigan Bluff; 'Maud
Vineyard, Anthony House; :*iTrank- A. Ander
«on,! City ; Jos. F. Ramos, . Hay wards ; ; 'Edwin
Lee Hiteman, Anthena, Or.; »I>ea M. Behrle,
Oakland ; I. J. Andreani, Ft. Bragg; * »F. A.
Glanninl, Drytown;- Jno: W. 'Shepperd,- City;
•Frank Cook. Yolo ; • *A.', D.- Thompson,.Mendo
cino; 'Stephen F. Carey, Watson ville; Clarence
C. Cameron, Albany, • Or. ; # Bes»ie Watterson,
Bishop; *U D. Holland, Oaklaml; 'Louise Mc-
Donald. Monterey; *Hattle;A.- Jacobs, Healds
burg; "Frank Mueller, City; *Mcta I. Behrens,
Pleasanton; Bruce C. Kious, Gllroy; Melvin J.
Robinson, Rio ¦ Vista; "James H. • Hargreaveu,
Dutch ' Fiat; 'Anna M.' Flynn, Oakland; Ger
trude M. Harrison. City; • "Wnt. H. Scott, Day
ton, New; *VVm. T.' Gurney, Confidence; "Mark
E. Fontana, City; "Martin C. Bolts, City; "Jen
nie Pauline Peterson, Berkeley; "Annie E. Dur
kce, -Warm Springs; Alice B.'Clauss, City; Win,
.Williamson, i-andris,. B. JC. ; "O. H. Bru, -Globe,
Art*. ;'"J. -P."-: Holmes, -Oakland; -Magnus Vou
sen, Petaluma; Robt. M. Bldgrood. Cnurchland.
Va.;*C;.Arthur> Dangers, Cjty; "R. J. Ander
son, New Whatcom, Wash. ;. "Ernest M. Kim
berlln; Famosa; Alfred N. Costa, City; "tV. H.
McCutchen, Oakland; "Hattie A. Maskow/City;
•Glen T.' Hoffman, 1 City; '"James P. - : Holmes,
Oakland; "Fred N. Woods Jr.,; City: Robt. P.
Philips. City; "A. L.. Slguelra. Napa; "Walter
C. Davidson. City; , "Hugh R. Bolander, . City;
•Louise Jane Perry; City; W. H.. James,' Iowa
City; Jesse *L. Healy, .Oakland; "Meta D.
Schroeder, City ; "Fred J.' Hopper, San Lean
dro; "Wm.- Edward Alsberge St: Helena; ?Os
car D. Garden, City;. •Emil J.Nyman, Astoria,
Or.; "Henry C. Hellwig, City; "Monroe. M.
Green, City ; "Dante A.- Dasso, San Andreas;
•Wm. A. Siebe, Emeryville ; Jm. W. Zetter
berg.fClty; Elsie, Magerstadt, Oakland; "O. C.
AVlllard, Tennessee: "Ralph R^ Strange, City;
:C.' V *R. v Williams,-' Colorado; 1 J.'\V. Bfice. Mon
tana: Louis Demartini, City; Julius Kruse, Or.;
•L. C Guernsey ,'Alameda: Jas. A. McGulgan,
City; •Wm H. Studarus, Mills; A. Cambridge,
City; "Frank J. Brophy. North Columbia; "Jas.
¦H-Dorland. CUyr" Helen "Hansen. City; C. J.
Plambeck, City; "B.^Kuhn, Washington; A. M.
Donathan, Oakland; M. ; J. McDonough, Oak
.land;. Louis E. Sarbo, Los Banos: Theo. Mik
kalsen, City; "Herbert L. Landis, Hanford; Da
vid- J. Curtln. Berkeley; "Fred C' BischoS,
Kings City; "J. H. Fletcher, City. ¦
• ¦ The following students In the Business De
partment were, for various reasons and good
standing, employed before graduation: . •••'
."¦• "Esther Rosenstein. "Etta Muller. "M.' Mast.
•P.- V. Llgda, "B. Donager. "D. M. Stevens.
•Sanborn Backus, "Carl . Ortn, ¦ "G. T. Hotlman,
•B.- D. Gr«en, "L. A. Cobb, "Gertrude Coates,
rrheo. Rantzau. »Alb4rt AV. Potts. "NVm. Mur
ray. "J.- Sahleln, "Maude Hutchison. "Louis
Wachter. "Wm. J. -Wagner. "J. J. Hurley. "Jes
sie A.' Edwards. "Nellie Glanninl. "Won. Graves.
•Alice Munro/ *R. Rasmussen. "P.* A.' Glanninl,
•Mary. M. Wilsey. "D. -: B. Lattey, »Fred - H.
Nagel "\V. H. Hess. "J. Cunha, "F. W. Enos,
•W. J. Talbot. "Lulu Middlemast, "Bessie Mc-
Cloy. "J. H.. McDonough, "B. B. Sharp, • J. G.
Clark, "A. Stewart. "P. I Tyler.-- "Louise Jen
nltiKS. "Fred Saucier, "Milo E. Dye: "Emil La
pachet, - "Dave - Breslauer, i "A. Miller. "P. R.
Hayes. "J..W. Milter. >"A.H. Spra*ue. "Wilkie
T. Courtar "May Soldate. "C. E. Shearin. "Ir
wln .Wentz. "G«>o. F. Mefret, "Daisy M. Mun
dorf "Esther Mlnsky, "Jno. Barnes, "Jno. A.
Peters, -»W. S. Gott, "Alice Desmond, "J. R.
Perelra »n. F.. Salles. "Gertrude Storey. "El
mer. Cox. "Fred M. Cotter. "Meta Behrens. "M.
H. Hickok. ¦¦¦ t ¦• • " :
BUSINESS DEPARTMENT.
(Diplomas Granted.) : 'ti
. Those whose names are marked
thus - * I atre " already. 1st ' employment.
AVith tew exceptions, these positions
were . secured on the recommenda
tion, of the- school. - \ v
\ _The demand for . young men and women
with a knowledge of stenography and
bookkeeping ' exceeded the number
available . by . from - ten to twenty . per
month. : ;" ' .. .":. ' . {,
; -Nearly all the graduates from the Civil
and Mining Engineering Department are
in employment or working for themselves.
•Electrical;- Civil and: Mining ESngineer-
Ihg, - Assaying,;' Metallurgy . and' kindred
"sciences have forborne time formed a jpaft
of the college's curriculum... ; ¦.;
THE following is a list of students who
* completed" the courses indicated 'at
Heald's Business College -\ for : " tbe term
ending; December 31,; 1901. The constant
ly increasing volume of business that hag
marked .the commercial -history of the
year has been reflected in the demand for
graduates, Which has been the heaviest In
the 'history of the school, and far .beyond
its capacity to supply. " Most of the'recent
graduates ; - will ! be absorbed \ by the ! com
mercial world within' the next few weeks.
The future course, of the" Mayor in Uhe
matter will; depend upon the stand taken
by Brooks when . McDougald ; makes de
mand for . the ¦'; return ; of . the i money.- ilt
Brooks returns it . there'Iwill '.be 'an f end
to i the controversy.'.- -, Should ? he refuse to
turn it into the treasury, to be there-held
pending a decision »by the Supreme Court
in , the . Dodge :case, litigation is certain
to follow. Mayor Schmitz says Brooks
has no legal right to retain thje. fees; -and
he. will take- all; legal means to. compel
him to return the money.
Mayor City and County l of. San ,; Francisco.
Whatever rights you a may ' have ' In ths
premises. will be amply ' protected .by ; allowing:
the ' money ' to remain i n the treasury, ,' where
it rightfully < belongs, until final Judgment - In
the - action now -pending. •' Yours > very truly,
--,..¦/¦ ' V. EUGENE E. , SCHMITZ. -.
• The Mayor also .wrote to former Treas
urer Brooks advising him to . return the
money when formal demand is made upon
him for the amount- by. Treasurer Mc-
Dougald. The letter, is as follows:, ; v
.'.. . ' V January 11, 1002.
•¦ Mr.'S.'H. Brooks, 700 Broderick Street," City :
Dear Sir — I am officially advised that ' you
have withdrawn from the treasury of. the city
and county of Sen Francisco- the sunii of
$«817 C3 without warrant.,) This sum, it :ls
said, you claim to be due to you as commis
sions tor the collection of collateral inheritance
taxes. * ¦ ¦ • . - "¦.: ;,-,/ .-•¦ - .- -. : -. ¦-
As the question'of your right to these mon
eys is now in process "of determination by the
courts,', it apeparti to me that your appropri
ation- of this sura Ms improper and- that -you
should at:once return it to the treasury of the
city and county of San Francisco, - there to re
main .until -final determination: by the: courts
as to '¦} whether, under the provisions of •. law
the money belongs to : you V or v the r city ' and
county. .-'¦; I- have called - the : attention of your
successor, the^ present Treasurer, • to : this mat
ter, } and Instructed ,. him »• to make . formal, de-'
maud upon you for the said amount. ! I trust
that, you will be • pleased " to return . the same
without • further action on ¦ the , part ' of : this
office, or of . the city and county of San Fran
cisco. ¦ ' .' '¦"; ¦:.'' ¦ ,'.' '¦' -¦ ;.- ' '. : .-.'. :¦¦'-¦ ¦
-The ownership of,- and right to these moneys
as between the city and county .of San Fran
cisco and the late .Treasurer, is now in process
of adjudication by the courts,' and, this money
should have remained in the treasury until the
final determination of the case. in which .these
moneys are involved. -It Is your duty, to de
mand of Mr. Brooks' the ' Immediate return of
the said .sum so illegally drawn by .; him, . and
thereupon to deposit the same in the treasury,
there to remain until the flnaljudgment in the
action above Referred - to. • You t will i therefore
maker immediate demand -¦ of Mr. -Brooks for
the return of the Bald sum. • _r You will there
upon-advise me immediately, of your action In
the premises and . the result . thereof. • ¦ Yours
very truly. EUGENE E. SCHMITZ.
Mayor. City and County of. San Francisco.
To Hon. J. E. McDougald,, Treasurer , City
and County of San Francisco. ,
Mayor Schmitz sent the following com
munication to "Treasurer. McDougald late
yesterday afternoon, .instructing him to
make an immediate demand • on Brooks
for, the return of the money .'to the treas
ury: . / . . ' : -¦¦ ,-..,., . ¦
,•' >'• . ' ; : l '¦ . '•' January 11, 1302. '
¦ - Sir— I am •• informed ;that a ' shortage of
$881 1 63 exists in the balance of moneys re
maining on hand 'in the treasury of the city
and county of San Francisco. •-' This deficit is
said to be duethroush the withdrawal by the
late. Treasurer,' S. H. Brooks, -of the sum
mentioned as ' claimed commissions for "the
collection of collateral inheritance taxes. .
Mayor Schmitz Takes a Hand.
.Auditor, Baehr,.; .Koyr.e'Ver/.'dlffersC with 1
Brooks and : quotes the -charter : 1n-defense'
of his- position. iBaehrliolds^ that: Brooks
had '.no right-to keep 'the' fees by/antigi
pating;a favorable ; decision from- £he~-Stf-'
preme . Court.:.- ,He ..further : says
never: made any ..'.returns, to the J Atiditor
of moneys collected for inheritance. taxes, !
and Brooks contends that as 'it was none
of the- city's business the Auditor was pot
concerned in the transactions. ::¦:', ;.¦¦ ... .
- The Treasurer shall' not lend, exchange, use,
i nor.deposit^publlc. moneys. or. any ; part, thereof
to ; or^ with^any : bank', . banker or person; nor
'pay out any part of such \ moneys nor allow
the satnojto pats out' x>f; his personal ; custody "
except- jipon S demands, authorized by . .law Aor
thel charter, and alter, they ¦ shall ¦ have 'been*
. approved', by the' Auditor.'. ; . ,- , : ' •-.-.?'•
;- Brooks, says that- his-'action is legal ac
cording .to . the; statute,' that . the fees do
not .belong, to itheciijtand^hat'. the State;
law .Is •> clear thftf the Trea.surer shall . re-'
celve 5 per cent qf Vtho ejections: - Brooks
..says ' thati^h«.*i£ollo-vi«d < - the -, 'example'.
of his, predecessor in pfflce,' who retained
•' his; '.fees - wherifeV$t&(hVi taxes : were "*col- '
.lected.'--, ¦; ; : ... >•>.;>. ¦-¦'w ;,;..':..¦;-• ..;¦¦-;;:. ". >v '- 1
' The^ City ¦ Treasurer shall" receive an ¦ annual
salary of $4000, which shall be full compen
eation for. all his services.- . .' .<¦-.-:¦¦ ,
Baehr i cites the following sections of
the charter in support of his contention
that the money is held illegally: ¦
Auditor Baehr Quotes Charter.
' Brooks further said" that he had
acted •¦•¦> in -the premises ¦.?• with - the
sanction of former Mayor •' Phelan and
City ; Attorney Lane. - Baehr- says that
both these officials deny giving = Brooks
any. such verbal advice, s They state that
their opinions are > always given in writ
ing. ..In fact, City Attorney Lane: has ap
pealed the Dodge case to , the Supreme
Court on behalf of the city. - ¦¦ -, .
. . After the count .of 'the money- In ¦ the
treasury was concluded ¦¦¦' Wednesday
brooks. .informed Treasurer McDougald
-and. Auditor Baehr that he had retained
the 5 per cent commission which the State
law allows -him for collecting collateral
inheritance " taxes. When Baehr" 1 ' asked
where . the * money was Brooks, replied
that it was on deposit in one: of -the sav
ings::, banks.: ..Baehr then- requested
Brooks: to return the money, but he re
fused, saying: ~ . - . ,. .; '. ¦ ' •".•
"The State law allows me a commission
for • collecting the- taxes, and it is a mat
ter with which the city or its officials has
absolutely nothing to do.'.'v •' ¦ ¦ '
| Baehr said that the Supreme .Court had
as yet rendered no decision *on the ap
pealed case of: Assessor Dodge, ;who sued
tor $31,299 60 in commissions on poll taxes
and was given a favorable t decision . by
the lower court. Brooks 'replied' that he
had a certificate of deposit for the. $8817 63
and that he would turn it over to the
court pending ithe final decision, in. the
Dodge case, which affects other kinds of
commissions. fP, Baehr, however, insisted
tnat : the -money, be rreturned to th^ city
vaults. . :¦ ¦¦ - .' -\ - ; -•¦:¦.¦ ,V. : ' ; ¦
Brooks Gets Behind State Law.
The',matter was called to the attention
bt. Mayor Schmitz yesterday, by ,- Treas
urer McDougald. Schmitz was wr,pth . be-
; cause he had not been hotlfled* on ; Thurs
dayi the day after the oiheial count of the
moneys in the treasury vaults: was* made.
McJjougald explained .that ¦; the .matter,
haa slipped his memory.- Should Brooks
retuse to return the money to ; the, city
treasury Mayor Schmitz says that-'meana
will be found to compel him to do so. ¦,
:: Former City Treasurer Brooks has got
himself ; into trouble with ? . the city " gov
ernment because he has retained fee$ ag
gregating. . $8817 63 which the -! State : law
allows^ City Treasurers for collecting
lateral inheritance taxes. • While * Brooks
shields [ himself behind the State law,
Auditor Baehr. takes the groundthat the
Charter prohibits a municipal official from
receiving more. than his regular, compen
sation • for his " services. Baehr according
ly ; holds that there is a; shortage of the
amount named" in the"; city- treasury;and
that Brooks is responsible for it'and must
make it feood.. .".'.. •¦• U '-• v -i} ¦ . '-¦-'/¦ ¦' v :.'. .
Continuous op. Young
; -Been Tralneil at the College.
Mayor ¦ ScHmitz ; Demands Its
Surrender ; by Former
Treasurer. :
:J .:¦¦¦ ;.,• ¦¦¦••.•.•-'.• ¦ y
HEALD'S .BUSINESS /GOLLEGE
GRADUATES^FORTHE TERM
,ENDIN^DECEMBER 31 jr i901.
Holds- -Money • the- Audr
itpr oiaima^Sbould Be
in the Treasury.
ComDletetyfa' Strenuous
Business^ Careers. •
Necessaru ¦ P p b d ara tion
BROOKS RETAINS
DISPUTED FEES
FULLY
EQUIPPED
.THE SAN > FRANCISCO
28
Three Big Values !
Commencing to-morrow we will have a clearing
wigp|^ sale in which three immense values will be offered at
such prices that prompt your buying the first thing
'efc--~y ' Monday morning. Such values can't last very long.
'/^Sj^-., Flannel . Waists.
R 1 iftfflVi&\ FinC French FIannel waists handsomely tucked
/l^rUlllilfr") and embroidered ' swellest of this season's styles,
•a^ft 'tttrJ J om P"sins: beautiful and dainty colorinffs, such as
{¥[ A^\Jy ¦''-¦ card , inal - pi , nk » H S ht blue » rose, new jrreen and
\l Vl^^^^^ black; the values arc $4.00 and $4.50, both reduced to
Good »Golf Skirts. Black Silk Waists.
Golf Skirts for street and rainy-day These are a special lot of fine
wear, best skirt offer of the season, black silk waists, something like one
made of all-wool, vicuna cloth in hundred in quantity, all made of
black and pretty shades of Oxford handsome taffeta and peau de -soie
gray, handsomely stitched and well silk; they comprise several distinc-
. tailored;.- each one has the proper tive styles, open front or back sizes
hang; lengths 37 to 42 mches^You are 32 to 44; former selling prices $600
not .likely to. duplicate them for less and $7.50, now reduced for this
than $5.00; sale price sale to
$3.50, $4.50
ConSearyStandSrani^Cve.
ADVEETISEMENTS. i X
' 1500 uards NOVELTY -SILKS, fnclufling Bro-
caded WarD Print Effects, Fancu StriDed
Satins^ Dresden Taffeta Satin, Striped Louis-
ine, Heayu Bauadere Corded Effects, Two-
Toned Brocaded Duchesse Satin and Plaid
Taffetas. These silks were formerlu $2,50,
$2.25r $2.00 and $1,75 per uard.; The entire
lot reduced to 75c and $1.00 per yard.
125 NOVELTY DRESS; PATTERNS of fine im-
ported French and Enfflish goods, Lotli staple
and fancu .colorings, These goods were sold
. iu us at $9.00, $12,00 and $15.00 the pattern.
The prices now to close the lot will le $3.oo
and $6.00 the Dress Pattern.
For the next two weeks we will have our Seml-
Annual Sale of HOUSEKEEPING LINENS, We
win offer large guantities of Towels, Crashes,
Table: Cloths, Napkins and all classes of Linen
iGoods at veru low prices. •>
III. 113, 115. 117, < 119, 121 POST STF^EET..
''££•' permanent rage amon§ the V** -
S>5 wearers of real smart clothes— . . . Y"-^
|| Jwo-BuUon Double- - 4/^^^^^^^^^^T *&
fc$ The smart dressers, in Neiv • ¦^5
York have cawghb the bLach '"'... . ' -^^m^^^^^^^^^^^^M
ygi We are the first to iniroduca '- . _ M^^K^^^^^^^^ * ?^
"z'fc cmio;e it's a neat, gentlemanly, is^^^^^ir^S §^i^Hi 1^)
itoS^^l^^S^J^l^^StS^^^^^ f an - ll-A^'«.Bou- JOHANNESBURG.' Jaii.-.li.V-The.Chamb,r;
street, -was partly destroyed by fire to-day nh s v«p r«Lf € J? 1 * 0 *^ 1011 ln one - of th * Am ° s - ot Mines has Issued. a reportz-fehowlng that the
bouse was luU of guests, but a!i esea^ with- e^m^nirtJ?^ ?? ml Jl? h 5T e to " da y a ,? a then output of the mines, for December was .62.897
out injury Vj,*.^7 w »w- committed suicide. Miss Gagnon Is alive, but ounces of fine gold, against 30.075 , ounces tor
.-¦--¦ ... .-.¦ ?••¦ f in a critical condition. - November. ¦..--,-, ** ' .¦¦-¦;':?"*"?¦
' ¦• ¦ ; /^"^y ¦ t | I.,',,,,,,,',,.,.,,. "" "'WK
A VlFk.z4'J/ ' • ' Al , thou S h th; s is our fortieth annual stock-takinR, this is the first III
fih \ I time 1* WC ZVt conductcd a sa] e, consequently it is an opportunity III
M\ II / f. 1° P urchase ' dunnK the coId wether, that you cannot afford to over- IS
• |V " : \ °? r cnt , irc stock of capes - scarfs » collarettes and jackets, all in this 1 1
'yfifr \ seasons styles and all our own make, have been reduced from 20 per II
<^(^j4 \ I cent to 4° Per cent. There are 1500 of these garments. 1
/% * / \\^ / ¦ ' will ? Uf SU f lar 1 15 ° made - to -° rd er sealskin jackets,' during the^ale, 1
V Wt 'I y^ 7^ Th/^i 0^ T bona - fidc and ever -v g^ment is Ruaranteed. I
. \ ur. J wf n , °- m ° r f OVV , and a » P"«s are marked in plain ffo- I
|> ¦_ ™* % - We 1 uote onI y a f ew of -the many reductions: - - g
. Our Kreat $30.00 Electric Seal Jackets. 22 CoIIai'ettefi 1 1
1 inches long. $24.-*$ ' **ouareites» I
Our $45.oo Nearseal Jackets, 22 inches" ionK.'.J$u.So\ P UT fe-SO • China Seal Collarette, with short |
Our $50.00 Nearseal Jackets, 24 inches long..$38.">jo ta^ and 8 tails— reduced to. ......'.-. .$7 7% |
Our $45.00 Electric Seal Jackets/. with Nutria " , Our $6.00 Electric Seal and Sable Hare Col- I
collar and reveres .../ ......$3200 Iarettc reduced to ................. .. $400 I
Our $65.00 Nearseal Jackets with mink collar 9 U / S ° Electric Seal,. with •Astrakhan "yoke 1
and reveres.. ...-. ..$46.^0 an X 6 ta l' collarette— reduced to.. ........... .$4 c 0 I
i, Our $40.00 Nearseal Eton Jackets... $30.00 ? ur . Electric Seal and Bear Collarette^ 8
Oar $50.00 Nearseal Eton Jackets, with Perl Tcduced ; to - • • • • $ 4 so . I
I ' sian Lamb collar ....'........ "..;.. $31 50 P. ur ?7-00 Electric Seal Collarette, with river I
• Our $55.00 Nearseal Eton Jackets, with mink mm , k tc iji collar and border— reduced to. . . . . . . .$ 4 jc B
collar ........$33.00 ' Our. $8.50 Astrakhan and Blue Mouflon Col- I
. ... Iarette. reduced to ... - $62" ¦
; Electric Seal Capes, with black marten collar— reduced to... «nnri Ifll
regular $25.00— 16 inches deep— reduced to.... $18.75 ; Our $15.00 Electric Seal and SaWeFox "roi I IS
I Regular $27.50 line, 18 inches deep. /.. . . . . .$20.25 Jarette reduced to. ....... . V ' O i" in Crt f 1 1
; Electric Seal Capes, with Persian yoke— 2 heads . Our $20.00 Mink Collarette! "with" mink' collar 111
and 4 tails-regukr $22.50-14 inches— reduced . and reveres-reduced to. . ... .V. ...!?!?/. _ " $,i so 8 g |
' $25.00 Hne,i6 inches— reduced to...!!!!!!!! !$iQ7"s Scarfs. fllS
reducSto. Cva ~ n ' a " ?IS ' 50 - 14 ' nch | s IIS0 s Our r^iar^.00 Sable Opossum ' HorVeshoe" |||
h^ds and 4 tads-regular ?ll.so-, 4 inches. ... .$8.50 Our re CT lar $7.00 Sable F^ Scarfs riducVd io'teS :|| I
WE OWN OUf^ OWN BUILD1NG-WE PAY NO RENT.
FOLDING BEDST
|«t'? I^^§E^?P \5ll In < l uarter - sawed C» aJ : and Golden nn-
flvil! f( fili^iM^iifil ' '/'I ish Oak ' at al1 P riccs and in many
Iffli I 'JiM^ aMM i'A\ styIes> You P"' 1 hel P bein S suited - f °r
|f^!< H^^ /^^fttfiW**! '/ )'\ we carr y an immense stock of them, as
Itv^rJI lk/07rJ^«U^ll3S1 l!i\ we do of evcry !ine oi furniture
fe»lX|^ *^n^*NM|i!$l Bedroom Sets, Parlor Sets, Kitchen
Ik u N *< V\ft Furniture . Carpets, Rugs. Draperies.
-ii * \ |^r 0 ] n^^B. C il? Vlr L »noJeums, Oilcloths, Mattinss. etc. In
"1% f i ¥ U O \\Yffj^M) M fact, we have two acres covered with
i\'(y ? % iXvv^r mfra) TO new g° ods - 9 ur new stock is arriving
IVv' >M It /if^^t \W* W/r a ' ly> C° me in and loolc it over.
plK>^Kp A FEW~LETT.
Wk^I. £ 8==^^ w^ i P ets st '" on ha» d ; not many left even of
llfiv' xgiJj-jK^iitodis^. '-iij^jgaa. fiw'i grent L-rcuit rlo'isc. where money isn't
r..~^^^H needed to buy goods, nor do you have
[^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ to borrow of a "y one - Your credit is
Frte^ Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Serkeley.
THEJlNOONftN FURNITURE CO., l n 6..
.. --I0-J7-IO23 Ml«»ion Stre-t, above Sixth. K»n Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M 5VSRY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.Continued on Page Thirtr.
.-"TherQ- are only"- two provinces on the
archipelago that- are .not -under absolute
restraint at the present time. One Is. the
island of Kamar and the other Is the prov
ince of Batangas,': on the island of -Iiuzon.
Both^thpse provinces are in a: state of
turmoil, ;but in all the remaining portions
of .'the arc.hlpelego human'- life is as safe
as It Is In .most parts oftheUnited States.
There . are ; ample troops ' stationed In ¦ all
of , the provinces andthe're^are a number
of towns In whlch^ peace and quiet reign
where, no soldiers are stationed. - -•¦ -"- *
f .'. i'The , provincial governments es tablished
by the 'Philippine Commission have:been,
as £a.' rule, ? successful largely- because ¦ all
of ithe^ProvtncialvTTeasurers and most of'
the Governors are-American. Native offi
cials are. -with, rare .exception, , inefficient.
1U7V a nri . fcorru2}tJV£33H^^K£3RHMUB9^^H^
j!« , ,' '. :; '/ v " '; ' ¦ ¦ - ¦ - ¦
crushed.
country stirred ,up,and-in a' state of. tur
moil by: holding out to the people ;a ,valn
hope of ; ultimate -independence.' : *, ;' ¦¦> ¦
vl-do not feel prepared to state an^opin-
Iontas ; to exactly- what -fcrmvof govern
ment should be given them. It seems to
meithat.the.present . commission could
not;be_.very , well improved upon. , . r
;^VNative*OfflcialsVAfe Corrupt. _
: f "All < thefofheers, - in my, opinion; ;'except
; municipal vand- provincial >offlcers,- v 8houtd
be" appointed ;by the : Governor: of the isl
ands-instead of being; elected , by the peo
ple.- for the'reason thatiif the people wero
allowed -, to i elect' their: own ; officers ; agita
tors andschemerstwouldibe chosen. to fill
theofnees -toctheroxclusion of ,thei better
class'of nativesr.: The moral- influence; of
troops .will . make the Filipinos " understand
that-- anv ¦' utrrlslntr;-- wnulrl* nhe ' summarily
years ; it will -be .necessary for' the .United
States Government to maintain . a ; strong
military force on the islands in order, to
exert -a moral-.- influence » on' the" na
tives. The .troops .will not, perhaps, be
compelled to suppress or oppress the na
tives, but the fact that they are there will
prevent an uprising.,* For the next. two or
three years I think 'it will be necessary to
maintain a military force of 40,000 men in
the Philippines to keep insurrection down.
After that period has elapsed, if there are
no VfJi? oi trouble.' I think i that a .force
of jO.OOO men .will be enough ': to ; maintain
order and prevent an uprising. 1 !,' ¦,
"The ¦ Filipinos, while 1 do not' believe
as a rule<bltterly,hate-the>Americanpeo
p e. are certainly, not very fpnd of us. The
difference in;raceand language and- the
fact that they have absolutely nothing in
common with our pec pie make their, nnal
\ ' Knotty Problem to SolVe;
"The situation In the Philippines ; is a
knotty problem. It is one for great minds
to ponder over, and nearly everyproblem
.that confronts the nation' has its two
Bides. Personally I do not- think , that in
the present generation it will be. possible
to ' bring the • natives under ' the ' absolute
control of a civil government. -
"I believe that for the next two or three
Funston spoke commendably of the Phil
ippine Commission and said- that body
was taking: the proper steps to educate
the natives and gradually bring them un
der civil restraint . --•' V '
Absolute civil restraint in the .Philip
pines; according to General Funston's
ideas, would not be brought about during
this generation. In an- interview^ General
Funston said: v - - ¦•'¦_•
Believes Big Army Will Be Needed for Years
to Uphold Civil Government* ; %
General Eunston Averse Nearly All* Educated
Are Corrupt Agitators*
• "Nearly, all of the; educated Filipinos,
the professional men. and I. wealthy land
owners are political agitators and schem
ers of the V worst i sort. - They 'would; not
hesitate , to embroil, the Philippines with
the United , States for almost an Indefinite
period if by so; doing they could gain their
ends and ' secure .the independence of the
islands," thereby, getting; control of the va
rious dapartments . of . the .government,
especially .the t finances,' in order / to $ give
themselves an opportunity to steal. .'
- "If one would except ¦ a very few men,
of , whom Chief 'Justice; Arellano •-; is :the
type,' there - are -no •- prominent - Filipinos
who have any sense of political morality.
Their only /idea" of. public placets that "It
gives; them ~ an. opportunity 'to 5; oppress
their enemies,- reward their. frlend3 or -to
fill i their ' own pockets with I public money.
In ¦ my -opinion' the j greatest • possible mis
take 1 that 'could r, be madeby --¦•the;; United
States In dealing with the > Filipinos would
be; to give; them any. fornTof elective leg
islative assembly; composed! of people of
their .' own; race. v- A ¦ ¦'¦ Filipino.' legislature
would merely, give opportunity for a num
ber .' Of ¦ OestilentlaUjlirUiltfirK tn Ufe-n ,th«
Agitators and Schemers.
consent 'to be peaceably governed by us
a hard matter to 'bring., about.-. ¦' ¦¦ ¦ •.-,. :
"I believe that so far as. the education
of;the Filipino la concerned, the proper
steps are being. taken now. The employ
ment of "American schoolteachers and the
introduction of the American school sys
tem will ultimately have a beneficial ef
fect on the natives, but I fear this genera
tion • will never notice the change, for -tho
better In that respect. It wilt take, years
and years of patient work to bring about
Educating the Filipinos.'
"It certainly will not be very long be
fore the last of the insurrection is en
tirely crushed out in Samar and Batan
£as.. It cannot. In my judgment, be mor*
than two or three months at the outside
before the natives are conquered, i After
that, if. we keep a firm ham! over the
Filipinos, give them to understand that
for the present such a thing as a native
legislative /body is out of the question
and rigorously enforce the excellent laws
that have been passed by the commission
anil make them fully understand that any
outbreak will be stamped out with an
iron hand, we will have no further war In
the Philippines.
General Funstcn said that he believed^a
force ol 40,000 men would be necessary to
exert the proper moral influence over the
conquered natives of the Philippines. He
thought it would be necessary to keep that
number of troops there for the next two
or three years, and after that: time he
thought a force of 10,000 men would be
accessary to prevent an uprising! General
The gritty little man of arms who cap
tured A?uln~ldo and performed many other
deeds of valor which have endeared him
to the hearts of the American people was
In good spirits. He talked freely of the
rituation in the Philippines and was out
spoken and fearless In his remarks.
His eye was bright and clear and he
walked with a- sprightly step. The care
worn, tired expression that was " evident
the day General Funston arrived, in the
bay on the transport Warren was gone.
flays he has spent in absolute
Quiet with his wife arfd baby have worked
wonders in his appearance.
BRIGADIEK GENERAL FRED
ERICK FUNSTON came over
from his home across the bay
yesterday afternoon. The few
AGUINALDO'S CAPTOR SAYS BRANDS OF INSURRECTION STILL SMOLDER AMONG FILIPINOS
AND ONLY AN IRON HAND CAN PERMANENTLY SWEEP AWAY FROWNING CLOUDS OF WAR
ale or other harmless beverage peculiar
to the '/drummer." These jokes and stor
ies are now bottled "up and corked and
will - be • poured ! out upon the .public • only
when their guardians are on the boards
: Shop talk will, be; considered an offense
of .proportion, equal to treason; indeed;
business- rivalry, must be forgotten and
the lion* "drummer"" must lie > down; with
the lamb "drummer" to .think, only of
madrigals in place of shoes or gents' furn-
MEMBERS OF THE COMMER
CIAL MEN'S MASTODON MIN
STREL COMPANY.
•: Ted Hall. W. T. Hobson, "W. V. Freeman,
Andy HampeU "W. N. Hunt, W. E. Lovdal, Je
rome Carroll. Harry Smith.. Edgar A. CofTman,
Little Bertie, C. H. f Ellsworth. C. B. E Herman.
Tommle Holder, Wallie Touns.
Bandmaster Cassasa with twenty-flv*
musicians will accompany the minstrels.
The following are on the official list:
W. V. Freeman, K. M. Lynn and A. O. Stoll.
proprietors; James H. Doolittle, musical direc
tor; : Charles H. Cassasa, bandmaster; . Eapto
A. 'White, stage manager; L. G. Joseph, prop
erty man; John Kenneflck. stage carpenter; F.
L. Martin, advance agent: R. P. Walsh, super
intendent of • electrical effects: John Skelton.
master of transportation: Carl Enbanks. cos
tumer; Fred Remele. treasurer; John Campbell,
superintendent of scenic effects, and G«ors*
King, press representative.
A farce entitled "A Drummer's Quiet
Wedding" is to be given, in which the
following members of the organization
will shine:
On, Friday, January 17, these commer
cial men minstrels have planned to once
more assist at the annual session of the
association, which this year will ,be held
at Nevada -City. -
It shall be learned by philologists " yet
unborn that the , "Drummer" Minstrels
in.the-year of grace. 1901, finding that the
Pacific- Coast Hardware Association did
suffer at their annual gathering at Wood
land . from lack of ' sufficient entertain
ment to go the rounds, did with due ex
pedition and twentieth century hustle al
low themselves to be pressed into the
service of the same. hardware association
and to their credit upheld their reputa
tion/ • .
archives of some property-room are burst
open the records will reveal tne informa
tion that Freeman and Lynn's Commer
cial Men's Mastodon Minstrel Company
was developed by W. V. Freeman, Ed M.
Lynn, R. M. Richardson and A. G. Stoll.
ishings, to ponder over quartets in- place
of the latest brand. of baking powder or
the king pin . feeding bottle for -1902: .•; to
rack -the brain over the lines of a funny
skit, "The Drummer's or Why
Didn't He Sell It?" instead of explaining
the virtues of . the ! lat'est discovered
ironing machine or, pressing . the purchase
of a line of locomotives. . -.- " "-¦¦ ~ * ;
• " The history of these "Drummer", min
strels .is j of • more than' local importance
and who knows but what they may. rival
the | f arne ; of Haverly, '¦> of Primrose and
West, of Dockstader. Field." Billy Rico
and Emerson?: The footlights have dr;iwn
to : their inviting folds many; with less op
portunity- than i is enjoyed- by this, troupe
of commercial men .who in December, lyOO.
first developed the idea which is placing
them in a- position* -to-day to entertain
their; patrons, and,, incidentally, the-gen
eral public. •• ;r /; ; ¦ , • • ' ' •' *: \ •,-
When' in ages' to cornie the 'dust covered
t t 9 .9 9.9 .»¦¦#.. t..* ¦.#.-•-_»._»_.•.-?..?. -V-f .-t-,*..f ..f..?..T— *n
¦ There is not much fear but the "drum
mer" minstrels will prove eminently suc
cessful on their, tour, for; past experience
has shown their capability ¦ to draw well:
The hotel • lobby-saunterer, ' though! will
be a loser to some extent. -for unless he
visits the halls in which the commercial
travelers are to appear he can depend on
it that he will hear none of those brand
new jokes and stories which were -in the
past «njoyed over a cigar and a ginger
entertainment. The tour of the Commer
cial Men's Minstrels this month covers
two weeks. The places In which they will
rattle their bones and bang away at their
tambourines and crack .funny jokes and
sing the howling corner man's medley
and the ¦ sweet-toned tenor's love plaint,
are Willows, Red Bluff, Redding, Chico,
Oroville, Marysville. Auburn, Grass Val
ley. Nevada City, Sacramento, Stockton
and Woodland. y>..
Aa the organization has been formed
with the social idea predominating there
is no desire to make profit by the per
formances, but' any -surplus . over and
above expenses is devoted to add "spe
cialties" of a kind that must enliven the
As a guarantee of the excellence of the
musical programme of Freeman and
Lynn's Commercial Men's Mastodon Min
strel Company, the organization boasts
that the musical guardianship is in no
less capable hands than those of James H.
Doolittle of the Hotel St. Nicholas; this
city. • . ¦
the hands of their customers and It oc
curred to them to form this minstrel '. or
ganization to tour the towns and cities
and give their patrons all the jollity and
scintillating humor which are a part" of
the trademark of the "drummer."
These travelers have been time and time
again recipients of much hospitality at
This composite body of "burnt cork"
amateur artists has been formed from
the ranks of traveling representatives of
the largest wholesale houses on the coast
—travelers who have won the confidence
and respect of the business men with
whom they come in daily commercial
contact.
company Is composed of a bright, merry
set of "drummers" whose aim Is to set
their friends and their patrons In good
hearty mood in way of returning favor
for favor.' '
IN A. FEW flays an organization
known as Freeman and Lynn's Com
mercial Men's Mastodon Minstrel
Company ¦will begin a tour .of the
northern part of the State. This
Shop Talk Is Bailed and Business Rivalry Tabooed During Two
Weeks f Tour of Emerson's Latest Emulators*
Commercial Men's Mastodon Minstrels Ready to Swoop Down
Upon Interior Towns in All the Glory of Black Face.
DRUMMERS TO FILL SAMPLE CASES WITH BURNT-CORK OUTFIT
AND GO ON ROAD TO AMUSE CUSTOMERS WITH END-MAN JOKES
SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, JANUARY; 12; 1902. > !,
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29 tjl
i 1 'f ¦ if ' | . : -. -- : -...¦' ¦,-¦-...¦¦-'.,- . . • .OAICLANDRACETBA^
3125. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maiden three -year- olds; to first, $325. . '¦'¦
j * j~ . ¦ • , - | , ¦ . ~ ~ •¦.-•. "Betting.- '
Index Horse and Weight. St. y%. %. Btr. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. *^>.
3113* King Herald.... ..119 1 X 1 1 Vt 11 1 J ,4 Groashelm St. Co..6'Conn 2 13-5
Moablna .........112 7 3% »1 2 128 F. Phillips... Birkenruth 5-1! ; 12-5 .
3101 The Maniac...... 119 3. 6n 6h 6 2 3 1 John Kane... ......Prior 10 • 30
ai(Jl Kir Claua ....11U 2 2 h 2 h 4 14 4 2 . A. B. Spreckels.. Jackson . ; 3 0-2
3US2 Meteoro .........112 4. 41U13164 J. F. Stewart.. '..J. Daly 10 20
8101 . Knockings ...117 « «2 4^ «2 B t$ |C. Earl & Co. ..T. Burns 6 .,« V>
SOS2 Angeleno 117 6 7 4 7 4 7 10 .7 15 |BaJdwln & Co...Kansom -li *0 ; .
3077 |Robt. Bonner II. .119 8 '8 '8 8 8 ]P. E. Smith Troxler| 12 ~
31U7 jMythrox ... ......117 Left.. ... [Elmwood Farm,.Kan3ch| H • U
Time— %, :24%; %, :49%; ?4, 1:02%. Good start. Won all out.' Second and third driving.
Winner, Mrs. Grossheim & Co.'s b. g. by.Herald-Eileena. ; .Wlth better handling Moabma
could have won. Birkenruth early got pocketed, and then let his, mount swerve near tha
close. Sir Claus no excuse. Knockings couldn't seem to get up. Scratched — Baltest 114.
3120. SECOND RACE — Three furlongs; two-year-olds;' to first,' $325. . . ;
-¦I • ; -| ¦ -•-. • - •, Betting.
IndexiHorsa and WelKht.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. , Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3109)|Thaddeus ........115| 1 ~. ... 2 1 1 Vi Burns & Watrhs..Bullmn 6-5 9-10
3091 (Hudson 113| 2 ' ... ... 12 2 b . |B. achreiber. .Buchanan . .' 8 .'; -13 ":.
olCW iVenecla- ...110| 3 3 6 3 '2. • |Haldw!n & CcKuaon . ¦ 8 - !¦•> '
310y iClannette 110| 4 ...... 4 1 4 3 Hurlingama B. *\,.BlrK \Z 20 c
«W1 Prince Eugene.... 113] '0 « 1 .6 1 |M. Aliman....:..Troxler & -. 15
3tmi jpast Master 113| 7 ... ... ' 7 2 0 1 |Chlnn & J)'orsythe..conly 16 ; 15
307»'|Honlton' . 110] 5 ... ... 0 1 7 tf |W. Macdonough... Burns 6-2 -7-2 .
.... IThe Forum II81II 8 8 1 • |Elmwood i'arm..Howson 30 . 30 -
307U l*n Keno........llO| 8 ... ...» « 1 liJickey & Llnder.. Kelly 30 10O
31OU lArabo . .........113 9 ... ... 10 10 2 jJemungs & Co. J. Woods 15' '^30
.... lAthlete 11B10 ... . 11 ' 11 . |Q.Van Gorden..McCarty ; 25 .00.:
IPrmce Brlffnl....ll8| Left .. ... .... .<• U- Lodge & Co. .Jackson 10 1» .
Time— 14. :23; %, :35%.' Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner, .:¦
Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Altajnax-'ralluaa. ; Tlmddeus ouutayed Hudaon. Venecia ¦
ran to rorm. Honiton ran below tho notch, vx'he Korum last,- but no chance. *_j__ _^ -^
3127. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. 1320.
j ; ' • . . j~~ I ~ . I ' ' ' ' ? I Betting. *
IndexiHorse. Age. Weight. |St.' \i. #. ' Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. | Op. cl.
3089 lElnstein. *e 111| 5 3~2 2 111 16; jU Levy. . . .Bullman I 6 10
3100 IRushtlelds, a 111| 3 7 5 « « 4 2 2 2. |C. O. Koy McUinn >..-B tf
3078 lKath. Knnis, 4...1O4 2 16:13 2 % » » Mrs. F. apiers. '.Hansom . 8 -^15 1
310-' |Bob Palmer, 4....10«| ti 0 h 7 4 3 *, 4 'i. " |S. Judge. ...... .JacKson 6-2 13-5
304a |lleadow Lark, a..lll| 1 2 h 8 2 6 1 6 2 \ |Klmwood Farm.;Ranach . B 15 •
3121 ilorsina, a........lO»| 7 -6 2 4 h « 1 U % itiummera & Co....Kelly| .0 1-i\
3118 Lost Uirl, a. 109| 4 4 b 6 S . 7 4 7 fa |J5. U. McConnellr.Burns| 6-2 . 3 ;
3011 IKinaldo. a... .111] 8 8 8 .» 8 |Wm. Cahlll. .McDermottl 15 40
Time — "4 :20Vi; Vi. :49%; %, 1:16; mile, 1:41%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third 'driving. \v inner, L. levy's b. g. by Kney-Maggie B. Einstein was backed this
day. Kushnelds did his best. Too far for Katnenne JSnnls. Bob Palmer cut down. Tor-
Eina miserably ridden. Lost Girl should be relegated to the artillery Bervice. Scratched—
312S. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Follansbee handicap; 3-year-olds & up; first. $1200.
I ¦'¦•.- ~" j ~ '.-.-¦ I -'••-. . • . • ¦ ~~ j~B"ettrngT"
IndexiHorse. Age. Welght.jst. %. Vt. .Str. Fin. | ' Owner and Jockey. |'Op. • cl.
3115 ISan Nicolas, 3....116J 3 1^ 121111 |Burns & Waterhs.Bullmi S 3 ¦
3093 iFltzkanet, .4 US] 1 2 3 2 n . 4 2 2 h |VV. M. Rogers.Buchanan « 8
(8080) IThe Ulver, 3 1101 5 « h '8 2 3 H 3 n jElmwood f'arm.. Mounce j 7 10
aioe iSweet Tooth, 4...120| 1 '& Vi 3H 2 1 4 5: . JU. V. Bell O'Connori 3 ; 6-2
3111 I Waterscratch, 3 ..115] U 7h 4 h 0 16 1 \ [bummers & Co. ..Jackson} «5 l> ;
3019 jMeehanus, U ....122|8 8 2 Oh Oh « 1 |Caesar . Young Burns | 4 0
311(5 lAndrisa, i .. 120| 7 5 2 7U o3 7 10 | Jennings & Co.. ¦.•Birkrthi 8 15
30U3 (Goal Runner, O..11S| 4 a a 8 8 5 |Alaska Stable.. *....Flick| 30 40 . ,
3104 I Key Dare. 4......11«| 9 .4 n til 7 h » |C. G. White.... E. Jonea| 15 30
Time— ',i, :23%; Vj. :48; %, 1:13%; %, 1:28VS- Good start. Won all out. Second and third
. driving. Wjnner, Burns & Waternouse's blk. c.- by Reggie- Virginia Dare. ! \S'lnner ran a
smashing race. Kitzkanet afwarm end stall tip and he was knocking hard. Sweet Tooth'
was plugged but failed to stay. Meehanus sulked as he had been aolng in his work. Hey
Dare messed about. Scratched— Sea Queen US, Sea Lion 110, Josle G VM, Ordnung 135.
3120. FIFTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; Athenian Club handicap; 4-year-olds & up; first, $500. *
7~ j - ¦ -¦.¦..'.•¦¦ } . ' - . ¦ ', ~ ~ ••. ,. ¦ .. ¦-¦•¦•• - ¦¦¦ /BetUng. .
IndexiHorse. Age. Weight. St. t \i. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3098 Position, 6 ..'....'109 6 6 6 , 3 >/J 1 1 D. S. Fountain.. Mounce 6 7
310U- Rollick. 4 96i 1 12 1 n 1 } a 2 1 Burns & Waterhs. Ransch 6 S
3074 Vesuvian, 0 ......116] 4 4 2 4 n 4 2 3 n Jennings & Co.. .Woods 5-2 16-5
VVatercure, 4 ....12U| 5 5 % 6 '& 2 n 4 3 G. B. Morris. . .O'Connor , 0-5 11-10
3093 I Grafter, 4 92| 2 2 1^ 2 2 5 6 6 ti L. A. Blaslngame.Jacksn 8 15
i 311tf iRosormonde, -a... '.»ej 3 3 3 h « 6 .. Pueblo Stable.... Redfern 8 20
Time— U. :24; ¥3. :49;»i, 1:14; rn. 1:39%; 1 l-16m, l:45Vi. Good start. Won nrbt thre«
driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racine-Pottery.- Mounce sat still on the:
winner to the stretch and then breezed in. Rollick ran- his race. Woods on. Vesuvian rode
like an amateur. Watercure overweighted. Too far for Graiter. Scratched— Fitzkanet 95, .
Rio bhannon 105. '-¦ •¦ ' ;•_¦_•" '; : ' • ¦
313U. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and' up; to first, $325. ~
'. i ~~ ~ ••-•-•' , : . ¦.:¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and. Jockey. Op.- Cl. ¦'¦",
(3095) Saul of Tarsus, D..137 5 21 3 13 1. 1 % . S. McNaughton Burns < 6-2 9-2
311S Marshal Nell. 4. .128 -2 1^13 1 # ,< 2 1 .-,' R. A. Smith.... Bullman - 8 ; 7-2 ':
'.UJ&i Herculean, 5 137 '4 6 h 6 5 ,a 4 Vj .8 V, Summers & Co.. Jackson -5-2 7-2
3100 Afghan, a 137 1 • Sn ;2h 2:^4 . 4 10 C. Llnd :..-...'. .Mouacs ..5-a . ,ii-~
30U5 |Alzura, 4 123 7" 4 14 16 1 6 1 A. H. Vlvell.....Howell '. 10..' *10 .
309t> |Dan Collins, 3..:il3 « 71.74 «1 6 1 W. L. Stanfleld.. McGinn . 30 30
3010' Crinkle, 0 ' 127 3 6 h. 8.1 .74 '75 S. J. McGee..."..Troxler ,. eo 1U0. '
3031 De Capo, ...... ..132 10 10 3 10 5 8 1 8 1' C. W. Chappell.Bozeman 10 20
2102 Onyx, tf :129 H 8 h 6 2 -92 9 2 \v; P. Fine J. Woods 15 20
. .... Lakeland, a, 137 8 HI H 10 1 10 2 W. Curtis .. .....Conley 60 (50
3110 Remora. 4 123 11 11 11 11 11 Mallowmot Farm. ...Blrk 00 ir»0
Time— To %, :21%; tb'%, :46Vi; short %, 1:11%. Good start. AVon first three driving. Win- ,
ner, S. McNaughton's ch. g. by Watercress-Judith. Marshal Nell tired the last sixteenth.'. >
Herculean badly Interfered with by Woods astride Onyx on back stretch or he would have
won. Mounce rated Afghan. . Scratched — Gold Baron 129. ' ¦.¦-'.'.* •.• :¦
Track N"ote£
Not many of the "books laid up much
coin last week and but sixteen cut In yes
terday. .
Johnny Bullman made off with the sad
dle honors, piloting three winners.
"Dell" Fountain did not overlook his
horse Position/ making another : mild
r'kllllng." Charley Ellison alsp strung a
portion of his bank roll the same way.
Buchanan rode his last race of the sea'
son_on Fitzkanet. He leaves for France
ko-day.
_For as capable a rider as he. Is, Johnny
Woods is displaying ragged form of late
and his reputation Is not being enhanced
In the least. Probably no boy at Oakland
endeavors to ride so many horses in one
race as Woods, and if he persists in doing
this should be suspended. In the last
race yesterday, as Jackson on Herculean
was^rnoving up on the rail down the back
stretch. Woods on Onyx deliberately
r. ump f, d Af ? ha ". which horse in turn Jos
tled Herculean, compelling Jackson to
take. his mount back. This action accom
plished the deieat of the last mentioned
horse, and: the Saul of Tarsus "folks
cashed. "Herding" in the days of "bush"
racing was quite a fad, but will not do
these days.
T?il?H-« urna ;^ w aterhouse youngster
wvA-« ua and Barney Schrelber's colt
J? h u .™? engaged in a merry duel in the
th« c^.^ ace - .Thaddeus- had Bullman In
the saddle and closed a 9 to 10 favorite.
4.-it e hin^i r v rac l d f n nearl y eQiml terms to
?hl& f nundr ed yards of the wire, where
& o i t:C i!S! c . e forged ah ead, winning by
v-n-«i length . ln - :35% - The Baldwin entry
Venecia-ran Into the show
A nondescript cluster of platers picked
falr Va A°fy S Welgl i ts In the mile selllSg af
lanriA^ « o a u e^ 1 , stud y the 8mar t ones
ihp d r^fl^ Bob ? almer and he- Justified
i?p/n f n iA d f n( ; e h J finishing fourth.'. Ein
stein, a 10 to 1 shot, piloted by Bullman
f£Srt« «¦?**'• flve len S th s before RusH-
Si d 5i#SfSS?rf nn1 *' af ter cuttlng out
wS d J"^ McNau^ h , t . on ' s Saul of Tarsus
iuP«« i d ™ concluding event at odds. of
l£iv * 1- MarsharNeil made the pace.
¦?E,£*,,VL downed less than a length.
Herculean, after a tempestuous trip, took
stow honors.. •.
fierce drive Buchanan on: stocky Fltz
kanet snatched place honors from The
Olver by -a head, .'-^n . exceedingly heavy
play sent L,. V. Bell's. Sweet Tooth, with
and- 120 pounds ln the saddle,
to the post favorite. The colt ran a nice
race, but the last eighth found him nearly
all. .out -and -he-finished-fourth. - Mee
hanus had 'Tommy Burns in the Baddle,
but -the erratic brute -had one of his
su. A y spells and became sidetracked at
one, of the way stations. : Lee Jackson
encountered some . squally weather with
\V aterscratch. .. never ;, being able to find
out how good a horse he was on.
¦ :No .doubt at . the, ' conclusion of the
Athenian Club handicap the members of
the booking fraternity were sorry they
."5 < v> no .V' thrown out" .the previous race
°l Position. Watercure. the first choice.
..with his 126 pounds, was considered such
a .cinch" that 9 and even 10 could be
had about Position at one time. Ransch
on Rollick cut out the pace and O'Con
nor once showed in second position with
the favorite. Mounce laid away with Po
6ltIon _, to the stretch before wlnkins: an
1 eye. Then he went to work, and passing
In turn Watercure. Vesuvian and Grafter,
caught Rollick the ather side of the pad
dock and won by a length. Woods rode
apoor race on Vesuvian. but beat Water
cure for the show. ¦¦•¦.,
¦'An; ordinary bunch of maiden three
year-olds went to the post in the open
*i n f» " UI ? b ery a flve-furlong dash. It re-
T^i xi n a , comparatively easy win for
hJ Herald * the second choice, ridden
&ow Co ° nor V, whIch ' ed from the start.
Frank Phillips, made her first start at
=I^~ n i e( ; tln , 8: and « a *2 to 5 favorite, ran
second in front of The Maniac, a 25 to 1
snot. -, , ' ¦ " ¦¦ y . • - ¦ , ¦ ¦ * ,
AGUIHALOO'S CAPTOH SAYS BRANDS OF INSURRECTION STILU SMOLDER
THE excellence of the card, which
wore a general all around hew
brew look, was . responsible - for
the extremely large crowd of
racing .enthusiasts yesterday at
Oakland track. Then, too, the weather,
while a bit crisp, was ideal for racing
purposes. The superb condition of the
track was attested by the performance
of Position' in the Athenian Club handi
cap, when the son of Racine equaled the
coast record of 1:45% for one mile and a
sixteenth. Although but one favorite had
his number rung up," form was by no
means tossed to the winds,, for all of the
winners received support' and the ma
jority of the books lost. - ;.
Jt-does not fall to the lot. of every horse
to leave the maiden class in a stake, but
such is the honor now worn by San Nic
olas, ' the black three-year-old colt from
the Burns & Waterhouse stable. He
picked up 116 pounds in the Follansbee
handicap, valued at $1500, and", 3 to lin
the ring, won from start to finish, step
ping off , the seven furlongs under Bullr
man's clever handling in 1:26V~>. -' In a
Continued From Page Twenty-nine.
- The most Interesting plat ch of the' day
in doubles was one In which the contest
ants were the Whitney brothers, Joseph
S. Tobin and "Joe". Daily, the crack|pro
fessional. '¦;-¦ In ¦•-• the'-;flrst ' match George
Whitney and Tobin Joined forces and beat
"Bob", Whitney. and Daily two sets out
of three. The score was 7— 6, 6— 2, ,2— 6.
George Whitney and . Dally beat "Bob"
Whitney and, Tobin In an exciting one-set
match,':the score being 8— 6. ¦: :
Other doubles matches I played resulted
as follows: Bradley -.Wallace and ¦ Sidney.
Smith beat Alden: Ames and Frank Bab
cock,; 6-2, 3— 6, .7— 5; Sidney, Salisbury and
Al Rosenberg. played a tic with Will Allen
and Carl Gardner, the score, being 6—4,
&— 7. James Mackenzie and Dr. : Lane >beat
George. Lane and S.,Salisbury, 6—4, 6-4. •
; ..The :. best match of the i day 'in : singles
was between ,Grant ¦' Smith > and Harold
Crowell. The former beat Crowell' three
sets out of four.; The score was 6 — 4,;6 — I;
6-7-4. 6— 8. .: Harry Haight beat; Gus Taylor,
V 5 ' ,. & '""', 5 - '-. Chet Smith beat James Macken
zie, 6-1,; 6-1, 6^4. Dr. Philip beat Drum
mond McGavin; 6^-2. : -Judges '. Hunt <and
Troutrplayed- a .tie, each i winning a • net,
6-7-4. .Clyde eBeal beat L. < Cutlery 7— 5. 7— 5.
<j— 2. 6— 4. 'A. Ames beat S.~ Smith. 6— 2.: B.-
Wallace tied ., F. - Babcok, ; 6—2, ' 4—6, j anO
c Dr 0 '. Noble : beat Archibald.: Duncan, 8-6,
6—2. 2—6. ,•.:-¦-. v ...... v . . . ¦ .¦ ; .
Many tennis players were out yesterday,
the I California Club courts ¦ being . crowded
throughout the day. / ' , : . v
GE0BGE WHITNEY PLAYS
: " ON TWO' WINNING, TEAMS
'"The fear sometimes expressed ln the
United States that the Filipino will flood
tills country with cheap labor is laugha
ble to one who has lived In the Philip
pines. An American laborer who is paid
$3 per day for his toil is cheap compared
v.ith the Filipino laborer paid at the rate
of 50 cents per day. - .
"In the opinion of many people who un
derstand the labor situation in the Philip
pines, the industrial development of the
country depends upon the Introduction of
Chinese and Japanese laborers. A white
man cannot work comfortably in that cli
mate. There are tens and tens of thou
sands of acres of uncultivated land on
the islands that are as rich as any in
the world and there are in the cities tens
and tens of thousands of idle able-bodied
men who will not. work more "than Is ab
solutely necessary to keep the wolf from
their doors. . i
. "This is not, in my Judgment,' a war
condition. It is a natural failing- of tho
Filipino race. I doubt If education will
take this trait out of them. ', The islands
is a good place for Americans with-capl-;
tal and skilled American mechanics.
Skilled mechanics are. quite sure of: em
ployment, while there is * practically no
opportunity for the American laborer.
This Is largely due to the fact that it- 1*
Impossible for people not accustomed to
the climate ' to perform heavy labors. ! . I
believe that the mining possibilities of the
Philippines have been greatly exaggerated
and overestimated. \ There seems | to | be,
however, plenty of . money to be made in
the manufacturing, trading ;: and ; contin
gent lines of business. . >¦'• - -
"The mountain forests abound in nearly
every known variety of hardwood/ but
the crude facilities for getting; out tim
ber • make the lumber business .-in'. Ill
paying, proposition. .Nobody can estimate
the>vastness of the areas of untaken tim
ber land, but until efficient^: labor; . and
flumes and other facilities for getting out
the timber are introduced there »wlll ". be
little chance for the 'American ' lumber
man In. the Philippines. . i ; ;•-,/>"
•: "There have been- no;- discoveries ¦ of
quartz that I know of in'/ the ' Islands.
Many of the natives are employed -in
placer mining. The new laws -for :;the
placer miner are quite liberal.- They were
passed recently by the; commission, ¦ and
the American and Filipino, have been ; put
on an equal footing as I far . as the taking
ud of mi nine ernnnrl Is rtoncarnad. ;< J 1 b&-
Skilled Labor in Demand.
any considerable change In the customs
or education of the Filipino race.:
'.'The islands are enormously wealthy In
their natural resources, but the people
are hopelessly shiftless.. The reports of
the untold agricultural richness of t^e
islands have not been exaggerated, but
the development of the island's resources
depends largely on the labor supply. Not
1 per cent of the able-bodied Filipinos
will work steadily. A Filipino will work
for two or three weeks, then, having a
little money, will quit work and remain
away, utterly regardless of the Interests
of his employer. Not until he is reduced
to a state of absolute want. will he return
to v work.
"To this rule there are a few excep
tions. House servants, coachmen and
men who hold light positions of that kind
work steadily and faithfully for the same
employer for years.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— Now that William
C Whitney.'s Derby candidate Nasturtium
and his stable companion are safe at
Newmarket and the English experts have
had a chance to see them. Nasturtium has
become a prime favorite for the Derby,
sharing with Duke of Westminster the
top price— 6 to 1 against. There is every
reason to believe that under anything like
favorable training conditions the Ameri
can entry will carry more money than
any starter in the Coronation Derby. The
sporting papers devote columns to do
scribing Nasturtium, and the bookmakers
are counting on a plethora of American
money when betting begins.
Nasturtium Derby Favorite.
. "Aguinaldo is kept under strict surveil
lance ln a private house in the city of
Manila. He Is guarded by an officer of the
United States army. ! The ex-rebel chief
has "the. -privilege • of going down town
when he likes, but I -understand that he
has never taken advantage of this privi
lege. He takes an airing in the back
yard, but never goes on the street.
/ "All in 'all, ; the situation in the Philip
pines is much better than could be ex
pected .by the most exacting^ The insur
rection is almost entirely crushed,: and
everything within reason Is being done by
the United States Government to. better
the conditlonof the natives/of our newly
acquired - territory.". '
,"Th© ; vices of the: Filipino are mainly
petty stealing and. gambling. I only re
member seeing one Filipino drunk during
all my stay in the islands. Chief "of Po
lice Curry is enforcing the municipal or
dinances to the strict letter of the* law.
Aguinaldo Keeps in Seclusion.
"The Introduction of our sanitary sys
tems into the city of Manila will be rather
a hard matter,' for the. reason that the
city is only two or three feet above the
sea level. All of the garbage is collected^
daily in Manila and cremated outside the
town. The city is a rather clean place,
and the order maintained there is very
gOOd. 1 "- •¦ •¦ - ,-¦.-..¦, ''::¦" :>\ . ' . ¦ ;
."Chief of Police Captain Curry, who
was one of President Roosevelt's Rough
Riders, la keeping a vigilant eye on tne
lawless element. The city is as quiet as
any of our American cities, and there is
nothing to indicate thac it has recently
passed through a siege of bitter warfare.
lieve .it : is Incumbent upon the placer
miners to pay a royalty of 3 per cent of*
the gold they take out Into the treasury
of the Islands. •" '
J. S. Earls, president; C. M. Farrell. vice
president; W. L. Bush, recording secretary;
F. C. Staib, financial secretary; A. L. Schup
pert. treasurer: T. R. Dixon, captain; L. D.
Wienand. lieutenant captain; P. H. Freuden
l>erjt, sergeant at arms; T. J. Kennedy and
F. TV. Seibel. members of executive commit
tee; Frank Currey, Con Kennlff and Henry
F. Pernau. members of board of directors;
TV. O. Patch, A. P. Rothkopf and A. W. Pape
delegates to the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union.
The members of the committee in charge
of the bana net were T. J. Kennedy, W O
Patch. H. J. PerazzI and F. W. Seibel'
During the evening the following took
part in tho programme: F. O'Connell, H.
Fenstermacher. J. Coleman. TV. O. Patch
B. JI. Torpey. Dr. T. H. Mahoney and the
Olympic Quartet H. C. Bossert acted aa
accompanist.
The annual banquet and installation of
officers cf the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating Club took place last night at a
restaurant in the Latin Quarter. Albert
P. Rothkopf officiated as toastmaster and
E. JI. Coney, a past president of the club,
performed the duties of installing officer.
The following officers were installed:
Dolphin Club Officers Installed.
LONDON, Jan. 1L— The papers an
nounce that the coronation of King Ed
ward will be marked by an International
tournament In London. In which the
world's champions In boxing, wrestling,
fencing and other branches of sport will
compete. Jeffries, Fitzslmmons, CorbetU
Sharkey and McCoy are said to be likely
to appear, in addition to amateur boxers
from Yale and Harvard, who will meet
representatives of Oxford and Cambridge
One of the largest halls in London has
already been procured. The winner of the
heavy-weight boxing contest is to receive.
In addition to the stakes, a "coronation
belt" valued at £1000. which will be the
gift of the National Sporting Club.
Coronation Year Sports.
All-Amerlcaa ....0 1110000 0 3
Lase hits 1 2 3 2 1 0* 1 *» 0 1"
Nationals 0 0 2 2 0 0 0 0 • 4
Buse hits 1 12 3 0 0 0 0 • 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Waddell 2. Lee 3. Two
base hits— Mertes 3. Bradley. Irwin, Fraser
Davis. Sacrifice hits— Schmidt, Sullivan. First
bas« on errors— All-Americas 2. Nationals 1.
First base on called bails — All-Americas 1, Na
tionals 3. Left on bases— All-Americas S. Na
tior.als 7. Struck out— By Waddell 2, by Lee
2. Double plays— Steinfeldt to Mertes to Beck
ley; Lee to Chance to Hulen to Chance. Time
or game — 1:40. Umpire — McDonald. Official
¦corer — Harrv r»hm.n
Totals 37 3 12 1 21 9 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Pickering, I. f 6 0 1 1 l o 0
Barrett, c. f 5 1 2 0 3 0 0
Mercer, 2b 4 0 10 12 0
Vraser, r. f 4 O 1 O 1 o O
Davis, lb 4 O 2 O 8 2 0
Bradley. 3b 4 12 0 4 0 1
Irwin. e. e 4 1 3 0 14 l
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 'o 3 0 0
Waddell. p 4 0 0 0 2 10
ALL- AMERICAS.
ToUU 31 4 7 1 -27 18 2
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Vaa Haltren, c. f... 4 1 0 1 1 o 0
Hulen. Sb 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Mertes. 2b 4 2 3 0 5 6 0
Chance, c 3 1 1 0 7 1 0
!-*•<•. P 3 O O 0 0 3 O
Berkley, lb 4 0 O O 11 O "
Steinfeldt. a. a 4 O 2 0 1 2 O
McHale. 1. f 3 O 0 0 1 0 0
Bctmldt, r. f 2 0 10 110
NATIONALS.
Irwin scored the last run in the third.
He singled, went to second on Sullivan's
tacrifice and scored on Pickering's single
to center-field. The score:
Davis was on third and Irwin on second.
Sullivan bit to pitcher and Davis started
lor the home plate while Irwin went to
third. The ball was thrown to the
catcher, who tried to catch Davis between
the home plate and third. Davis and Ir
win reached third about the same time.
Under the rules Irwin was out, as he could
net fore* Davis off his bag. Davis, evi
dently thinking he had been "forced," left
the bag and was tagged out. When th«
umpire called both men out he was sur
rounded by all the players who objected to
Ills ruling-.
The Nationals made two of their rUns
In the third. Mertes led off with a two
bagger. Chance hit to Irwin and made
second on a bad throw to first. Steinfeldt
sing-led, scoring Mertes and Chance.
"They garnered two more runs in the
fourth. Schmidt hit to Merce'r. The latter
made a hard effort to catch it and
¦wrenched his ankle badly in the attempt.
Vtn Haltren forced Schmidt at second.
Hulen fouled out. Mertes followed with
a timely two-bagger, scoring Van Haltren.
Cfcance hit over second, scoring Mertes.
Lee retired the side by striking out,
Bradley scored the first run for the All
'Araericas in the second. He tore off a
two-bagger and Irwin followed with a
msUe to it, scoring Bradley. In the second
Barrett scored. He singled and scored on
Kraser's two-base hit.
Umpire "Jim" McDonald rendered a de
cision ln the eighth on an unusual play
which excited the All-Americas. McDon
ald was sustained by ".foe" CantilUon
arid fcy spectators who are well informed
on the rules.
terday at Recreation Park. The All-Amer-
Jcas hit the ball ; more frequently than
their opponents, but were not so success
ful ln placing their hits.
"Sandow" Mertes was the hero, of the
flay. He was four times at bat and scored
three two-baggers. He hit each fence, in
turn. He first tried the center-field fence,
which he hit The next time it was the^
left-field fence and then the right.
The good left arm of Pitcher "Rube"
Vi'addell must be losing Its cunning. For
the second tlma this week his team was
cu the small end of a four-three score yes-
Open Etake Ko. 2. first round — P. M. Clark
eon's Sofala beat Ed Neaves' Talk to Me, 12-3;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat Pasha Kennels' Re
gal Attire. 7-3; W. H. Robinson's Rosie Free
dom beat M. Dunlea'a Tara'B Kail. 38-0; L. S.
Barre's Boodle Boy beat W. H. Robinson's
Alden Girl, 5-3; Chiarini Bros.' • Sempronlus
beat J. J. Keenan's : Dread Not, 32-12; George
Graham's Lady Newark beat E. Rosenberger"s
Master Bly, (i-1: E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie
beat O. Zah'.'s Miss "Wilson. 1C-5: E. Geary's
Fair Oaks beat J. H. Muller's Cruiser. 4-3; J.
Hurley's Gramercy beat B. Senderman's Co
mlque, 10-5; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto ¦ beat
\Y. H. Maloney's Always, 12-10;'D. G. Frantz's
Wurco beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Charley Ox,
1C-0; H. Perigo's Lady Davenport beat S. A.
Smith's Injury, 1S-1; F. Jones' .Lovina beat O.
Zahl's O'Hara. 7-5; J. Hurley's Living Picture
beat George Sharman's Gold Bug, 15-10; Pasha
Kennels* Real Aristocrat beat P. Doyle's Thel
ma,' 5-0; W« Calm's Gold Ore beat Chlarinl
Bros.' Lucky Baldwin, 28-0: E. Geary's -Ray
Hughie beat H. Lynch's Melrose Lad. 8-6;
Geonre Sharman's Sir Pasha beat P. J.' Rell
ly'e Honesty. 22-8; Pasha Kennels'. Fiery Face
beat H. H. Gray's Terronette. 6-1; Pasha Ken
nels' Rich Argosy beat Kelley & Hanley's
Fearful Ship, 10-4: L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain
beat H. Lynch's Black Bart. 7-3; H. Lynch's
Lilac beat Pasha Kennels' Lawrence, 16-9; Jo
seph Connelly's New Moon beat L. M. Con
nell's Republic. 4-2; Chlarlni Bros.' Santonin
beat C. Pickard's Bright Gold. 4-0.
George Sharman's fast courser Littler
Sister was a strong favorite for the flag
against CO. Peterson's Haphazard. Her
chances were figured so good her backers
quoted 6 to 1 she would beat her younger
opponent. Haphazard found many sup
porters at that tempting price.
Haphazard led and took the turn and
Little Sister ended the course and her
chances at the same lime by scoring the
kill. •
Wedgewood, which was figured a strong
candidate for stake honors, was retired
under similar circumstances. He was
drawn with Ireland and ruled a 1 to 3
choice Geary's courser. The best
W^dgewood could do was to get the kill
after Ireland had led and scored four
po!nts on him. • ~ .
Spiteful outworked Golden Garter at 1
to 3 in a long trial and Veto at 1 to 2 got
the decision from Lady Clare. •
Cold Shivers is stake favorite for thl3
event at 4 to 1. Homer Boy is at6. Rocker
Harlean Gladys. Ireland and Tiburon at
7 to*l. The stake looks to be between
Cold Shivers and Ireland. , t . . .
In the second stake Lovina Is first choice
at 5 to 1. She showed great speed in her
trial with O'Hara. Sir Pasha is at 6 to'l
ln spite of the fact he had a hard course
with Honesty. Fiery Face is at 7 tO ( l
and looks a good outside chance. Bonnie
Hughie is at the same price and is favored
because of a good showing against Miss
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake Ko. 1. nm round— George Nether
cotTs Freda C beat H. Schaffer-s Fair Glen,
4-0- Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat W. C. de B.
Lopez's Peplta.'C-3; C. O. Peterson s Hap
hazard beat George Eharman-3 Little Sister
3-2- F Jones* Harlean Gladys beat Chiarinl
Bros.' Dewdrop. 12-3: George Nethercott s
Hickory Dick beat J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence.
8-5: Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out beat J. M.
Halton's May Hempetead. 6-0; D. J. Healey s
Tacioca a bye; E. Geary's Ireland beat F.
Jones' Wedgewood, 4-2: E. Geary's Ruby San
key beat A. Vanderwhite's Lear King. &-4: t,U
Veaves' Spiteful beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter 21-1"; P. StelnhofTs Veto beat D. J.
Healey' b Lady Clare. 9-4; D. J. Healey's Tib
urcn beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta. 4-3: A. R.
Curtis' Kibosh beat D. J. Healey's Elista. 3-2:
A. n. Curtis' Loyal Lad beat E. Geary's Fenli.
8-6- E Reddy's Full. Moon beat George Shar
man's Chicago Boy, 10-0; Pasha Kennels' Ro
man Athlete beat G. Q. Peterson's Silver Cloud,
4-0; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat E. Shortstag's
Crawford Lass, fi-3; J. Dempsey'e Jingle Bells
beat W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick, 3-1: H.
Eynch's Merri mac beat Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist, 7-2; Sterl & Knoirles" Cold: Shivers beat
L. S. Barre's Amedee, S-i: E. Geary's -Bonn>*
Pasha beat C. Bonar*s Wild Norah, 4-3: George
Sharman's Black Flush beat Chiarinl Bros.'
Tame Tralee, 9-8: A. R. Curtis' King Cotton
beat Chlarlni Bros.' White Hat. 16-12; J. Mark
land's The Grafter beat J. Cane's Greenhall,
7-4.
But thirteen short ends were recorded
in forty-eight courses, although those that
did upset the calculations of the wise bet
tors averaged at odds that put heavy
'crimps in the bank rolls of the talent.
Two open stakes were "run down" at
Union Coursing Park yesterday and a
good day's sport resulted. The hares
proved a fast lot.
McDonald Is Called Upon
to Decide Peculiar
Results in Good
Sport.
Coursing at Union i Park
Geary's Hound Outpoints
Jones' Dog in a Short
Run.
Secures Three Two-Bag
gers Off Waddell's .
Delivery.
MERTES PROVES
A HARD HITTER
IRELAND BEATS
FAST WEDGEWOOD
SAN NICOLAS, THE BLACK MAIDEN,
WINS THE FOLLANSBEE HANDICAP
Position. Captures the Athenian Glub Handicap at Long Odds,
and Equals a G>ast Record— BuUman pilots Three Winners*
SUGGEST CHANGE
IN THE BETTING
Directors of State Pair
Take Important <
May Sell the Present Race
course—New Stallion
Stakes.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. ll.-The officers of
the State Board of Agriculture at a meet T
ing held this afternoon expressed the
opinion that auction pools and parls
mutuels only should be allowed on har
ness races hereafter at the State Fair
meetings, and., the bookmaklng -only
should be permitted on running races.
It was deemed advisable, however, for
the secretary to communicate with har
ness horsemen throughout the State and
obtain their views on this subject, In or
der that the board may act decisively
thereon at Its next meeting,. February 8.
This will be the annual meeting of the
board. | There were present- to-day Presi
dent A. B. Spreckels and Directors Grove
L. Johnson. Frank H. Covey, C. W.
Paine, Park Henshaw, John Mackey, B.
H. Hush and J. E. Terry.
The time of closing for" the entry of
foals In the running stallion stake of 1903
was extended from January 1 to March 1,
1902. It was decided to refer the matter
of selling Agricultural Park to a commit
tee consisting of Directors Johnson,.Hen
shaw and Mackey, with instructions to
confer with Senator R. T. Devlin, who
drafted the. bill permitting the sale of
the property.' The committee will report
to tho board on the subject at the next
meeting.
The present course Is located ln a val
uable residence section of the city. It Is
thought It can be sold profitably and a
new and. Improved track established out
side the city limits. The intention of the
board to sell 'the property has given rise
to further talk about removing the State
Fair to San Jose or Oakland. Directors
spoken to on the subject declare there Is
nothing more ln this than the rumors
which have always been afloat* and -that
no fault Is found with Sacramento. A
new stallion stake for harness horses, to
be contested for ln 1905, was adopted by
the board, with conditions as follows:
Conditions for New Stakes.
For the get of stallions that made private or
public service, season of 1901, for their foals
of 1002. The race to be contested at tbe State
Fair, Sacramento, in 19C3. Entrance fee for
stallions to be the price that they made pub
lic service during the season of 1901. All other
stallions that did not make public service, en
trance fee to be $20. Stallions to named Feb
ruary 1. 19<j2. ¦
All foals that are the set of any stallion en
tered in this stake to be eligible to be entered
on July 15, 1903. Entrance fee of $50, of
which $5 must accompany the entry, and a fur
ther payment of $10 March 1, 1904. and a fur
ther payment of $15 each May 1. 1905. All
starters to be named on the first day of August.
1905, when the final payment ¦ of $20 shall be
made, and all colts making this final payment
shall be eligible to start.
Tbe State Agricultural Society to add an
amount equal to all moneys paid in by the
nominators of the stallions, not to exceed $1000.
. Entrance moneys paid in for stallions and
added moneys shall be divided 60 per cent to
the end for trotting colts, and 40 per cent to
the end for pacing colts. No nominator allow
ed to start more than one colt ln either end.
The nominator of any colts shall on May
1 1 1904, then declare as to the trotting or
pacing end he desires to start his colta. All
moneys paid in on colts transferred to the
pacing division shall be segregated and placed
to the credit of the pacing stake; and all other
payments shall be placed to the credit of tbe
trotting stake.
All payments not made as they become due
declares entry out and releases subscriber from
further . liability. Hopples barred In . both
classes. Mile heats, three ln five.
Horses of Many States Eligible.
Nominator of the sires of the winning colts
in each end to receive $250, -balance of the
stake and added money, to be divided 50. 25,
15 and 10 per cent. Right reserved to declare
FIGHT FOLLOWS
THEFT OF COIN
Two Arizona Despera
does Resist Arrest
in Naco.
Attempt to Rob "Cowboy
Johnson and One Is
Badly "Wounded.
BISBEE, Ariz.. Jan. 11— Naco, a, border
town and one of the roughest In all the
"West, was thoroughly aroused by the
theff of $2000 last night and a lively tlma
resulted. Cowboy Johnson, a well-known
character throughout the Southwest, has
been in Naco for the past few days spend
ing thousands of dollars over the rouletto
tables. At time3 he has won heavily and
last night he locked up ln hl3 trunk $2000
ln Mexican coin. ; ¦
John Richie and Benjamin Crawford set
about to get this money and broke into
Johnson's room. They unlocked the
trunk and obtained the coin, but did not
escape before Johnson appeared on the
scene. Two officers were summoned and
attempted to arrest Richie and Crawford,
who put up a hard fight. Every man drew
his revolver, and soon bullets were speed-
Ing ln every direction. Two took effect ln
Crawford's body.
Two of Captain Mosmani rangers ap
peared on the scene and succeeded to ar
resting the desperadoes and placing them
ln JalL Johnson, who was In the midst
of the fight, showed great daring.^ He
wears the most valuable diamonds of any
man In the Territory, and, as he generally
carries a good-sized roll of bills, his en
counters with outlaws have been frequent
In the past, but be has always come out
° n cJawford'« wounds, while serious, are
not likely to prove fatal.
Racing at Nerw Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Uu, Jan. U.— Orescent
Ci Tir^n^l' «lx ' furlongrs— Semicolon won.
Weldemanniiecond, tap. Albala third. Time,
1: Second luce, ene^mlle. «eUln«--C«l Kahltr
won, Ecoms lecond, --Monos third. - Time,
1"4H4
'Third race, one mil* and a half, sening—
Admetus won. Jackanapes second. Bean*
third. Time, 2:36. ¦" • .
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, Gen
tllly handicap— Nellie Waddell won, Tayoa
second. Fake third. Time. 1:21. .
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth. handi
cap—Death won. Silver Coin second, Petit
Maltrs. third. Time. 1:47. .
Sbtth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing Lingo won. Earnest • Farham, seccna.
Leenja third. Time, l:4tt*4.
Professional on Harvard's Team.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. tL— Oliver F.
Cutts. right tackle of tho Harvard foot
ball team of 1901, whose athletic sending
was the subject of exhaustive inquiry be
fore the gam© with Yale last November.
Is declared to be a professional ln a state
ment made public to-day by Professor Ira
Hollis of the Harvard athletic committee.
Evidence was produced that while teach
ing at Haverf ord Cutts gave private box-
Ing lessons for pay.
Handicapper brooks Is HI. •
OAKULND. Jan. 11.— James W. BrooRs,
handlcapper at tho Emeryville racetrack,
Is confined to his home with a severe cold-
His condition Is not considered serious
two starters a walk-over, for stalces paid In
only. When only two start they may contest
for the entrance money paid In, to be dlvldeil
68 2-3 per cent to th» winner and 33 1-3 per
cent to the second horse. A horse distancing
the field ln either class shall be entitled to all
moneys paid In and 25 per cent only of thi
money added by the society. Open to all stal
lions that have made private or public service
In any of the .following States: California,
Oregon, Washington, Montana. Idaho, Colorado,
Wyoming. Utah. Nevada and. Arizona durt&s
the season of 1901. . .
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TELE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ JAJNU!A!«r is/ UHJ::.
30
luaBmmammmnammnmmamBummaammmwmmmmmmmmnnnmunmmmmmmmmmmmmunumamumzi
i ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - •¦¦ * - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . . • ¦ ¦ .... - j ¦ . . ¦ q
I Varicocele, Impotsncy and Waste of Manly Power Are Quickly and Forever Cured by the Grand Product |
I of Nature, Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt. Send for the Free Book. . |
S£ * '•¦»'¦ ' '- 'V^- ¦'''* ''''*jjt$r Jr r\a»^j^j^MTt^h^^B«^ l qL*nV^'iiiiat'' y^'*''i - r *^^-'.^^^ ' fciJ^l^j ¦ ' *
m 1 I vC L^l^ClI 1C »3Va3Uwlli3UI Y 1UI ? ¥ Curv iVlCIl n
h This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak parts and cures all weakness of men* *
| varicocele, etc, It is free, it develops and expands al! weak organs and checks unnatural drains.
| No case of Failing Manhood, Varicocele or Sexual Debility can resist the powerful Electric Suspensory! 1
S it never fails to cure- It is free with Belts for Weak-Men. • 1
;¦¦;:# ' * - v •¦.•¦:•**¦¦¦- ¦• ¦ ' '¦ 3l ' r . '., ; '- : • : * ¦ - ¦. -Ei
H No. man should, be weak; no man should suffer the M r- W. Miller of Button Willow, Kern Co.. Cal.. aaya- K
g 1OSS of .: that ; vital element which renders life worth "lean honestly cay I have never felt better thi» slaco uslBK 5
£¦¦¦"; living. .'•'¦No mail should allow ;himself to become less your famous belt. It ham done wonders In my case.' '-My. back* Sa
g ; a man than'nature intended him; no man should suf* "on a^. S e^n,m d T^ S* 10 Ia gon *' My a PP* tlt « and.dJge.- ¦ H
I . ferfor the sins .of his youth when there is here at hand . sleep " fre f h l d froil 500d ' 5
S. ; ascertain cureior his weakness, a check to his: waste ¦ oM an? y oun^ |
i ' . Mo^'of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach: *" J^ 3 the vl S or of youth. | g
¦ Heart, brain /and nerves, from which men suffer, are DO " *£?*}?*? ln te t n d& l a " '" restores full, vlgormw •.. H
g ; due to an early loss of nature's reserve power through po^ r , an «l development to the shrunken parts. - ; $r 3
¦ :''."•• mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You " curea Rheumatism. _ SciaUca Pains. Lumbago. Kid- S
g can ; be; restored. The very element which you have ney Trouble - It banishes pain ln a night. never to return. £
g lost you can Ret back, and you'may be as happy as Mr. George ' = Tanner. WataonvtUe. CaL.\say"«:J~i wore HI
H. any man that lives. :, . . the Belt only a few times when all pain ani^weakness lB/t HJ
¦ > ; My Electric : Belt; ' with Special Electric Suspensory J" y back - J recommended It to a.frlend up njrth who had O
B -'; (free).' will restore your power. Itwill check allun- . »™e ; back 'for years, and he received wonderful results." g
B -¦: .doctored with various concerns without relief. As a last. resort nay Belt. / .-, £3
¦igJu^in^^^^^u^^^^n^f^^ 9 5"S' ;,, Every maaVho ever used It recommends It.>causc ¦ g
g - expected :»uch\ results and will always be grateful." It Is honest. ; It does great work, and those whom I have b
™ ->; > '..This f drain oipon your power causes Kidney Trouble, cured. are the more grateful because the cure cost so llttlk-- H
H: and Stomach Aliments. You know It's a loss ' Every man' who uses mVBelt"~»t« \h» -fi t' 1 §
B ¦ of vital- powers nnd affects every organ of the body. Most i m ,7 -fi *, - i. 7 , • f y T 5 3 the a(Jvl ceand H
Q .•: of .the ailments from which men suffer can be traced to It . CQUnsel °f ¦» physician free. I give you all that any medl- B
0 ¦¦;¦••; I have curod^ thousands of men who have squandered ca * man can'glve you. and a lot that he can't. ' • B
» .old-style .belts), and you ?fcel the nerves tingle. with the and, lota of good readmg for men who want to be "Tho rj
B new Iif6 flowing Into them. You get up in the morning Noblest Work of God"-A MAN. Inclose this ad and I a
a feeling like a two-year-old. -'-,': . will send the book, sealed, free. ; J
§ NEVER SOLD BY '* v p|_'« p « - » _ - f . _ 702 MARKET ST., 5
j^?? E S?;??? :^® - /VICl^ aU gvI |n > At Lotta Fouktaln. San FrMd^). §
BiSBEDBBaSSBaDBgBaBBaBBflBBnilBaBIIIBaBaaaBaaBBaBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaf
Lends A Helping Hand <=p^ _
To All Sufterers From ~^ *^ s< *~* *^>^|^^p^
Lost Pfiarshood and s^T^^M
Mervous Debility. &&
Sent Absolutely. Free Jo All I 7;\nS/l I(l4\\ lirfl
Sufferers, by Sealed Mail. |. //HU ujlj h\V\u^1
Ko C. 0. D. or DEPOSIT SCHEME. Wr^C l^Wpl
TJctt I further actict ti* well-known imporUrt i / I \J) fl\ f3mf v$l'
Ton Mohl Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, will tend fre« to V"K I X ft Bft • BBBKl" — * «3
»U who i.pplr enocch of their ftmoci ip«ciflc, "Cal- V \ S>- n _r4 V\ ) Ka\ j VZf&Yf RPSI
tho«,"(or a.cd Sexcal dite&iei to lait fir* \ \ IV" 1 BY* LWA VVB^l I iK*3
<I»Ti. In tnanr inctaccet wbare tbe«.ilment baaoot ,\\ / V I El AffiijV vSBSBt I Bra
titioced to an iitrnte «ttg». thia is enfflciset for Iff / \ I Cl " IP 1 *?/' |W?*«\ I '?*3
• cnr«. TtU li bo C O. D. fread or DEPOSIT /I f \ I »\ IJs 5,1 livSSl/lSpjS
•rtienie. 6end rour sunt and addreti to-day ud / / i A 1 E\ mm WMi I V&I
••Cktthw" will reach you io a plain waled pacra S « / / J f tu\ W™, jjpj& V^f
Tb« Am«ric»n rifhti for "CALTHOS" «x» con- *— I I /• ' '>l_l 1 I ; \lV
trollad solalr br The Ton Mohl Company, Who in- * ~ / I / _>^~ V II \ M
trodnood it into th» United etates. •V^.f/ ggTji- ' I -V ; l|\\
Then is abaolaulr no publicity ln rec»lvlnc or J IAV
ttriuf it. Full dircctieiui and e. treatiet accompan/ ' : ' S3^l id--i>w
It. wbea tou bare read thus you will fully under* -
tund ronr c»i cue aod be able to be jour own ar « weakened br Indulgence* in yontbf nl errors, ax-
doctor. The Ton klobl Companr ia known as tba c **««« *= Uter life, otetwork and worry, remember
ricbut acd Urgut importing firm of its kind in the that "CALTHO&'*1b a fnnr»n(frd cure in all
world, autd it* etaadlng in tb» commercial world ia * ta ce« of aexnal weakness before epilepsr, coneump-
tmplt i<roof ol in atraightforward budneei methods. tion or lmanity has set in. "CA LTHOS' f briBgi new
M t JltTK OS " CHARGED THIS CPIIIQH. " YOU would hato fretdom front degradlne reak.
•»f>iT«nro^» ra&rfcaa Vhm c«t «f a<... nMi; l I you would know health and happioeu that
rr±5?fL^« JfZJ^iJZ . * U * M V« Bo «>me« from sturdy manhood, accept thl* oW tcnUy,
Otber nmtAr eu do, actln« directlr on N.rret. bearing In mind that the"0ALTHOS" department
Cin»U)»ryfiyeUai«ndMiicou«MeiT-»>rew;». if you of the tu»ineM U atrictly confidential:
TheVonMoMCo., 627 B.TWO WELL KNOWN THEAT
RICAL PEOPLE WHO HAVE
PASSED AWAY. . ''*
R.L: Cheney; of Cheney & Porter, min
ing 530 California street, swore
to £ a "* complaint - In Judge Mogan's .'court
yesterday f cr , the | arrest of R. F. Wright,
cashUy • of the firm/ on - a charge of for
gery.- Wright Is accused c of -• raising a
check of the ' Garibaldi Mining Company
from $9 /.to $900 and cashing it. Wright
and his wife. left the city Thursday morn
ing and efforts are being made to " ascer
tain their whereabouts.. /
Warrant Out for Wright's Arrest.
Mrs. * Mary Anderson of 1202 Mission'
street* waa treated yesterday at the "Har
bor Receiving' Hospital for a broken arm.
In running for a street car at Eighth and
Mission streets she slipped and - fell, but
did .not'; realize; the extent of the injury
sustained, until. she reached the ferry de
pot, .where the pain caused her to faint.
Policeman Maloney assisted . her to the
hospital, "where Dr. Murphy reduced the
fracture.^ ; -*;.. ,-;-.. —
Falls and Breaks an Ann.
- . R. \ Schrinsky , manager of the Baldwin
Annex, and \Adolph Franzlni, manager of
the Cafe ' Roy al , were arrested last night
*on charges of conducting percentage
games. The arrests were made by Officer
F. de - Grancourt - on warrants that had
been sworn out before .Judge ' Cabanlss.
The officer visited, both the Baldwin An
nex and the' Cafe Royal and , played a
few hands of poker in each resort before
Placing the managers under arrest.. 'Both
chrlnsky and Franzini were released on
$100 bail, l ;¦ .
Accused of Unlawful Gaming.
E. F^llon, a painter residing on Mission
street, near Nineteenth, died suddenly
yesterday morning from heart failure,
caused by over-exertion. Fallon was on
his way to Oakland Creek to go to work
painting the steam schooner Phenix.
When he alighted from the car at East
street at 6 o'clock he feared that he would
be late for the ferryboat and he ran rap
idly. When ¦ he got on board the boat he
sat down on a bench and within a few sec
onds expired. He leaves a family.
Exertion Causes Death.
Teutonla Hall on Howard street was
too small to accommodate the members
of Painters* Union No. 73, of P.. D. and P
of A., and their friends*- of the Building
Trades Council, In whose honor an en
tertainment was given last night. It was
a- "smoker," with refreshments on the
side and a specially prepared programme
of music, comedy and oratorical elo
quence sandwiched in. The entertainment
reflected credit on the committee having
charge of tho affair. They were: John
Burkhart, chairman, . Walter Campbell,
Henry Meyers, Michael Norton, H. . D.
Beig, William Hopps, A. E. Smith, sec
retary; Walter, Luke, Timothy Lynch.
Painters' Union Gives a Smoker.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco — D. Knight, at Marlborough; J.
Wlchelhauser, at Cadillac; E. Cllsbee, H.
N.- Tun-ell, at Grand Union; G. H. »3har
rer, A. J. Hoer, at Imperial; F. C. Baird,
D. A. McColgan, at Astor; J. Castro. J.
G. Whitsen, at Savoy: C. E. Hill, at Cos
mopolitan; W. J. Plummer, at Kensing
ton. - : . - , '
• From Los Angeles— A. de Leur, at Sin
clair; C. E. Kneckt, at Everett.
From Oakland— J. R. Carpenter, at Hol
land ; Miss T. Rosenburg, at Imperial.
Calif ornians in New York.
Dr. F. Wllkes, who was called to attend
Gorman, testified that the wounded man
had said the shooting was accidental and,
that he had nothing against Flanagan, j
: "We, the Jury, do find that the name
of deceased was ] Richard Gorman, a na
tive of Ireland, aged about 26 years; that
he came to his death at the Receiving
Hospital, Oakland, Cal., at 5:30 a. m.,
January 7, 1902, and that . death was
caused by -hemorrhage from a ~ gunshot
,wound In the abdomen, resulting from
the ;¦¦ accidental > discharge of a pistol in
the hands of one Edward Flanagan." :¦ '..-
The foregoing verdict was rendered to
night at the inquest held in the case of
Richard Gorman, the grocery clerk who
was killed at the store of his employer,
Austin O'Brien, last Monday night. The
jury was composed of Joseph Lancaster,
foreman; W. A. Rouse, Charles F. Reu
ter, v John H. Vincent. Ben Howland, Wil
liam Smith, William - Watkinsan, F. J.
Edwards and A. N. Willander.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 1L
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Gorman Shows Pistol Was Dis
charged During Scuffle.
Investigation of Death, of Richard
CORONER'S JURY FINDS -
KILLING WAS ACCIDENTAL
SPRINGFXELD, Ky., Jan. lL-Jim
Mays, a negro charged with assaulting
a white girl in the Sams neighborhood,
in this county, Wednesday last, was taken
from jail by a mob early to-day and
hanged to a tree in the High School yard.
The mob came '. ln%o . town quietly and
after arousing Jailer Cattlett demanded
the keys to th© JalL Their request was
refused . and they I immediately began to
hammer the locks on tha Jail doors. It
took but a few moments to obtain an en
trance to the prison, where they found
Mays cowering in his cell and begging tho
other prisoners to protect him. : -,
Tho leaders of the mob\took charge of
the negro and telling tho jailer to watch
the rest of tho prisoners dragged Mays
to the school yard, where he was speedily
strung up to -a tree. Th© mob's work
was quietly.- done and but a few words
r were spoken by tho leaders while they
were at the jail. They seemed determined
to get their man. Only the jailer and two
or 'three others knew anything about the
coming . of the mob until this morning.
It is not known in what direction the men
departed or where the mob dispersed.
Nor is any member of the mob known to
the officials. The negro's body was cut
down and an inquest held by the Coroner.
The negro was < arrested and brought
here Wednesday.' He was charged with
attemptitng to commit an assault upon a
young white -girl in the Sams neighbor
hood, * this ¦ county. She was returning
home from a neighbor's and was attacked
by the negro. She fought him stubbornly
and her. screams -. brought two of her
brothers to : her rescue. They pursued
Mays • and succeeded in capturing him
after a long chase. The brothers beat the
negro severely and were only prevented
from killing him by the arrival of some
farmers, who turned the negro over to
a constable. -
Assailant of a Girl Is Taken
Prom a Jail and
Kentuckians Conduct an
Execution
Oereniony.
HANG A NEGRO
AND DISAPPEAR
..The Pleasure Seekers gave their: second
annual banquet at an O'Farrell-street res
taurant, last evenlne. ,. ; ,' , . ' ' ; >»
Pleasure Seekers ' Give • Banquet.
: T ARRIVED..
: '. Saturday, Jknuary 11. '."
\": ¦ Stmr ; Scotia, ., Walvig, 18 \ hours from , Rock
port. ' - ¦¦-.'•¦¦<*•*-«.•- ;¦-..," . -,¦?-.. ... -
, . ;: DOMESTIC PORT.
: "'- GRAYS ; HARBOR— Arrived Jan 11— Stmrg
Santa Barbara and Chehal is, hence s 1 Jan 8 " *?* r
Sailed "Jan '. 11 — Schrs * Sailor ; Boy and • Lizzie
Vance, . for San ¦ Francisco; - stmr. Coronado. ; for
San Pedro.' -.¦..'• s ;• J ." .-;" ¦•¦-;. •'..:-.-¦ - ,.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
LOS ANGELES, /Jan.* ll.-Willlam f * H.
Tonge,' a pioneer of 'Los Ahgeles/diedito
day,at his home in this city, aged 78 years.
i Mr. Tonge crossed the plains to California
In 18*2. r- .
¦William' H. Tonge.
. SAN DIEGO, Jan. v 11.— Charles P. Ed
wards,". forn'erly "a ; leading , : - attorney '' of
Auburn, Nebr.V and .- a ; native of Cinin
nati, died here last ' evening after an ( ill
ness; of -several weeks. ..He was a Mason.
..Charles P.1 Edwards.
li SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— Mr3.'> Lauretta
Skinner,- a pioneer of California and a"re3
ident • of San* Jose for forty-nine years,
died ¦ at s her > home on Montgomery street
this morning. She v was a native.' of New
York and '89. years of age. A number of
grown children, survive her.' ' .- ¦»'"','..:j
Professor Julius Goebel of Stanford Uni
versity was brave in giving his promised
lecture last night at the ; Mechanics' In
stitute, considering that j he* arose, f rom • a
sick bed to keep. his engagement with the
public. "' TJie lecturer spoke of the ' influ-'
ence that America had upon certain ideas
in German literature and especially, the
ideal of American liberty, as it finds ex
pression in German poetry. He said i fur
ther, that the causes that had led to the
struggle for liberty had not all been dis
covered by the historians. * Almost noth
ing had been done to show the role which
the German element played • in . the devel
opment of that", liberty. .The professor
was frequently applauded during the - de
livery of t.ha lectrue. , .
Leaves Sick-Bed. to; Iiecture.*
TH&i> AY'S DEAD.
Throws Attorney { Through Window^
George Rose,: a Police Court ¦ attorney*
was Hhrowji .bodily., through a window -of
a store < near^ the -.corner o of . Paciflo I " ami
Sansome streets Jast ; night ; by •" Ed L»a nni
gari a bartender. .*• Rose" had ? gone down
to Campbell's" saloon at [ the corner of Pa
cific andSansome streets to collect' a $10
fee from a, client. .The client did not feel
disposed. to pay., morelthan $5 and a.quar
rel ensued.'^ Lannigan • took x the , cllen t's
part '- and i- to .'-quell: -Rose's 4 Insistent -de.
mands -. hurled , the attorney." through the
window.of an-adjoining' store. -Rose was
treated at the Harbor Hospital for seven
severe, cuts. ¦.'.- v ¦ • '. »..-:¦. ..¦ :. • . .
Improvement Club's Election.
The University Mound and Bay View
Improvement Club, whose headquarters
are at the corner of Dwight and Girard
streets, has elected the following officers:
George H. Roundey, president; George D
Burge, secretary; F. H. Dieckmann, treas
urer; H. A. Tessmer, vice president; F.
Priess, George H. Roundey, H. A. Tess
mer, delegates to the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs; S. Llntner, J.
Kemmeyer and George W. Sawyer, alter
nates.
"She said I wouldn't get the machine I
said 1 1 would.V While I B was se "ching^the
house . she locked herself in ; a . room ; - and
then tried to coax a big mastiff to eat me.
Iwon the dog's affections and, nearly per
suaded him to eat the woman - . ¦¦¦¦¦¦
"When I found the machine, Mrs. David
jumped on my^back and, tried to tear my
clothes. She said she was a demon and
would tear my .? eyes ¦ out. ; She threw a
machine drawer; at my; head. Then 1 she
threw/ Nelson out ¦ of ; the front ; door and
struck him when he ; tried to come back ¦*
She threw Jurniture at use until we final
ly drove away, with, the machine"
« The David -^residence, is on, Francisco
street. West , Berkeley. :,. ¦¦¦_¦. ¦¦¦_
."I went-^to, serve a writ of replevin on
the .woman," said the -battered Constable
when.; he arrived in Oakland this after
noon. ¦< "Mrs. David came to the door and
denied her identity. -I finally forced' ruv
way into the. house. ' . ,, *
Oakland 'Office San Francisco Call,
" 1H8 Broadway, 11. ;
When Constable ' Edward Weldler went
to West Berkeley to-day to take a sewing
machine from Mrs. A. I* David, because
the man who sold It * to her says she did
not pay for it.hemet'with resistance.. Ac
cording to the Constable Mrs. David niade
it so warm for him that he was compelled
to use all his "reserve. strength to keep her
from tearing his eyes out. A. W^ Nelson
sewing machine ' agent,; who went with
Miller to identify the sewing machine, was
thrown but of the front door. ;
County Clerk Mahony is unable to ap
pear at his office owing to a threatened
attack ¦ of ' pneumonia. I Chief Deputy
French- and ex-County Clerk t Deane r are
looking- out for his interests : during ¦ his
absence. They were notified by. Auditor
Harry Baehr yesterday that- the list of
appointments made by . Mahony must be
at the Auditor's office to-morrow morning.
* "The charter | only, allows ; us j fifty j men
for the County Clerk's office. "We had
fifty-three, so it became necessary to dis
miss the extra ones." \. iv
Grimes, Fitzgerald and wire
clerks under former County Clerk Deane.
"When the appointments -were made by
County Clerk, Mahony, Deane's successor,
these men were not named, and a howl
was raised by : their friends. . They were
finally given places, and it was thought
that the appointments ..were permanent.
Of those appointed after the first list, was
given • out James E. ; McElroy is the only
one who holds his place. . .
The reason for the dismissal of the three
clerks was given out | by Chief Deputy
French, who in explaining his action said:
Frank Grimes and - Robert Fitzgerald,
newly appointed deputies . under County
Clerk Mahony, and John J. Cassldy, -;_a
copyist, were the recipients of the above
notice yesterday, afternoon. They had
only been appointed, the day. before, so
the : surprise the note occasioned was
great. i-f/.-v " .¦ • '• • . "
, '.'You will please take notice that from
this date your services are terminated.
Respectfully, FRANK FRENCH,
"Chief Deputy."
Three Men in the County
Clerk's Office Are
Removed.
Forcibly Objects to Him
Taking Her /
Sewing Machine.; ;
An entertainment and ball and the in
stallation of officers will be held on the
evening of January 15.
President, George G. Vickerson; first ".vice
president, C. Fleischman; second vice presi
dent, Chris N. Borree; . recording secretary,
George Ball; financial secretary, John H. Back
husen; • treasurer. Osawld, Setfert; ¦ executive
board — C. D-- Laughlln, Louis Allarl. Herman
Schneider, George Kuhl, O. T." Led with, George
Ball,. Harry Collins, T. J. Crowley, Minnie An
drews. R. L. Grimmer, William Patton, H. B.
Meyers; inspector, and conductor, Nels John
son; sergeant at arms, Arthur Howell; out-
Bide sentinel, George Bayford; trustees — George
Cree, J. J. Garrett. A. C. Rose; labor and re
tail council — W. L. Caudle, C. . E>.* Laugrhlln,
R. L. Grimmer, John H. Beckhusen and H. H.
Hoffman. - * ¦';>•.. -,
. The Cooks' and "Walters' Alliance Local
No. 30 have elected the following officers:
Cooks Elect Officers.
A special . toast to the memory of the
late Sir Knight William McKinley was re
sponded to by Prelate Sir Knight James
E. Gordon In a song written by him and
sung to the air of the "Star-Spangled
Banner," all the sir knights joining in the
chorus. - .
At the session of California Command
ery No. 1, Knights Templar, in the Ma
sonic Temple last night, the' order of the
Red Cross "was conferred on several can
didates, after which there was a banquet
which proved to be a most enjoyable af
fair. In the absence of Judge Carroll
Cook Sir H. W. F. Titus preslded_at the
head of the table. There were speeches
by Sir Knights O'Connor, * Jlangrum, Dr.
W. E. Smith and F. H. Gould.
McKinley.
Ceremony ts Followed by a Banquet
and yt : Special Toast to ¦
KMTGHTS TEMPLAR GIVE
T; . THE BED CROSS DEGREE
Jerome's Condition Unchanged.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— The condition of
E. B. Jerome, chief clerk at the Custom*
house In San Francisco. 13 unchanged. ¦
WOMAN BATTLES
WITH CONSTABLE
Holden was 39 years of age. His wife,
from whom he was estranged, a son 11
years of age and 'a brother, George HV"
den,~ master, mechanic at the Orph'eum,
survive / him. The deceased, actor was a
member of the Bohemians of America and
of the. Theatrical Mechanics' Association.
The funeral will be held ft San Francisco.
Pneumonia was the direct cause of death
In | June, 1899, - LanderB Stevens* of the
Dewey Theater engaged Holden, who re
mained there a year, s Again he tried man
agement, this time J 'opening 1 the Macdbn
ough' Theater ' with ' a company of -which
Maud Miller was the leading lady. After
that Holden 'returned to the Dewey Thea
ter, and then .followed the tour which
closed the theatrical career- of the old
time actor. • . "
One. unfortunate production of "Cinde
rella"! swept his profits off the boards.
Holden -closed 'the- theater and ?: returned
to : Morosco,.;who-.-.had then taken/: the
Grand Opera-House. 'The "actor .was "a
prime favorite, j Getting on his feet again,
he leased the t Alhambra Theater, with
Thomas Kilgo. A company was brought
out from New . 1 ork. ' The venture lasted
only six weeks. ¦- ¦ -.%, . . • ¦ - ¦ . ¦ ¦ ,
Francisco Holden .went there and later
he opened the Grove-street Theater, con
ducting it very successfully for three
years. : :. ., • ¦ • -.-¦ : -¦¦•¦ ¦ . .. ;
•ened the Howard-street Theater In Sa;
?hen he was with Webster and Brady li
'After Dark" and other, melodramatic fa
orites. When the late Walter Morose
Jan. 12.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Frederick E. Kroe
ger, aged 26, Sonoma, and Georgia Swank,
2u, Santa Rosa; Edward P. Gibson, 29,
and Lena de Morey. 23, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
¦v, Mrs.' ' L. r H. ¦ Bryan, ; Mrs. • Charles Perking,
Miss Jack of San Lui-s Oblspo, Miss Gertrude
Campbell.', Miss' Stella Fortmann, -Miss Cook,
Miss H. Cook," Miss I Llpp, Miss Florence Denl
gan ¦ and Miss ' Kittle Taylor. :.". • ,¦ .-. :
k Mrs., George ;,W. > Glbbs ¦ was hostess -at
a large tea yesterday - afternoon at her
home, ¦; 2622 ; Jackson ; street. .;. Miss Mabel
Kane of : New York; a niece of Mrs. Gibbs,
was 'guest, of honor. -The decorations were
simple and In excellent taste. Those who
assisted Mrs. Gibbs in receiving the many
gue-sts-.were:';;;-.^-^^;^; ,;•;;, ¦¦;. : -.*,. -^.,-;
r "Mrs." Dahlei-H. Kane,'" Mrs. Grant 'Self ridge
Miss ¦ Bernle! Drown. 'Miss Edith Preston Miss
Virginia * Rodgers : Nokes,'. Miss r Nichols, Miss
Mary ¦ Harrlnjrton,^ Miss -'Louise Harrington
Miss Rodgers, Misses Glbb. 1 Miss Bertie Bruce
and -Miss .Andrews. Xr ¦ V . • *.- .-¦• ¦-.:
v Mrs. . George ¦ Martin • gave a very ¦ pretty
luncheon; at. the Palace 'grill ¦¦ yesterday
complimentary _;to Miss I^lse Wenzelbur
ger.-,^- •¦: ¦¦-*". ¦;.*-•¦ ;,'•:*--". *.'.;: %; v. ""¦-"".. -.¦^¦^•i.*.-*-*.vet
Mrs. . Julian : Sonntag gave . a * delightful
matinee-, tea 'yesterday • afternoon *: at < her
residence, 2700 Scott > street. ; A large num
ber of friends ; were : received. £. Mrs.' 1 Sonn
tag' was assisted by Mrs. Julius > C: ¦ Reis
Mrs: "Albert - Gallatln, 1 : -.-,. Mrs." George -• E*
Bates'.' -Miss : Marie _ Voorhles, ; Mls3 « May
Reis - and Miss Lillle Reis. - : ¦
r Miss Rowena ' Burns gave a farewell
luncheon for Miss Maud Cluff yesterday
at ' her home,. -2413 Octavia street. Miss
Cluff is preparing to: leave at once for; a
visit \ in . New ; Orleans. h>. Japanese effect?
were chosen for the table,. and the decora
tions •-" -were v most ¦ artistic : and pleasing. -
Miss Burns' ¦ guests .were: **¦."
' Miss Kate Brigham, ' Miss Alice Brigham,
Miss ; Alma McClung, Miss Kittle,' Miss >Kate
Dillon, ! Miss - Marie Dillon, ¦> Miss Genevleve
King, Miss Sophia Pierce, Miss.Nadlne Nuttall,
and Miss Ethel Kittredge of Oakland.*-.
Those who assisted in receiving 1 1 were :
Commander and 1 Mrs. John J. Brlce,
U.S. N., and Miss Gertrude Goewey gave
"a formal matinee tea yesterday, afternoon
at their residence, : 30CM Page ¦ street, ¦- in
honor of Miss Kate > Brigham; who made
her .: debut; last t month. .The , decorations
were elaborate, and many guests were re
ceived .between ; the ¦" hours • of 4 and -7
o'clock. r-. -*• ¦;. -. -¦¦¦"* -.-'¦¦¦¦ '. . .".'
•Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mrs. Florence Frank,'
Mrs. : Laurance Scott, | Mrs. Augustus Taylor.
Mrs. William Taylor, Mrs. Walter Martin,
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Crockett. Mrs. Rus
sell Wilson, Mrs. R. B.' Schwerln, Mrs. Augus
tus Mrs. William Hlnckley Taylor,
Mrs. 1 A. B.' Williamson, Princess Ponlatowskl,
Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss McBean. Mlsa Cad
walader. Miss Center. Miss , Elsie Scott, Mrs.
Latham McMullln, the. Misses Hopkins and the
Misses Carolan,
Mrs. : Henry T. Scott gave a . large re
ception yesterday afternoon at .' her resi
dence, Clay and Laguna streets, as a
farewell to Mrs. Walter S. Martijs;. The
Scott home was elaborately 'decorated for
the occasion,': and many callers were re
ceived between 4 and 7 o'clock. Mrs.
Scott was assisted , by the following
ladies:;;,. v ; V ¦ ..V.i
Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Miss Bertie "Bruce,
Miss Leon tine ' Blakeman, Miss ' Ethel Cooper,
Miss Helen Dean, - Miss ¦ Eleanor Davenport!
Miss Bernle Drown, Miss Charlotte Ellin wood.
Miss \ Anna ' Foster, Miss Mary Foster, Miss
Katherine Herrin, Miss Edith Huntington, Mi*s
Marian Huntington, Miss Genevleve .King,
Miss Lucy King. ' Miss Pearl Landers, Miss
Gladys McClung, Miss Alma McClung, Miss
Margaret Salisbury. Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss
Lillian Spreckels. Miss Mabel Toy, Miss Marie"
Voorhles and Miss Marie Wilson. ..;, ¦ _,
Those who assisted In receiving were:
The Misses Ardella- and Elizabeth Mills
gave a charming tea at 5 o'clock yester
day, afternoon at their, home, 2800 Jack
son street.- The tea was complimentary
to Misses Elizabeth and Clara Hunting
ton, who have only recently i returned
from the East. The drawing-rooms were
beautifully . decorated and- several hun
ared guests enjoyed the true Mills hos
pitality.
• &>>. • : J} •
V Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Martin, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry T. Scott, ' Mrs. -. Martin, Mr. -and Mrs.
Frank; Sullivan, Mr. '.and Mrs. 'Walter Dean, :
Mr. and Mrs. J. Athern Folger, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace Blanchard Chase.- Mr. and Mrs. Ashton
Potter, Mr. and Mrs. John B. Casserly, Mr. and
Mrs. Mountf ord J S. Wilson, j Mr. and Mrs.
Laurence Scott,* Mr. 'and .Mrs. "William
H.- Taylor,. -Jr., -Mr. and •¦ Mrs. Augustus
Taylor, Mr. and . Mrs. Herbert C. Moffltt, Mr.
and , Mrs. Henry • J. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs.
George Pope, Mr. and Mrs. Bowdltch Morten,
Miss Katheryn : Clement. Miss . .Voorhles, Miss
Georgia Hopkins, Miss Prances Hopkins. Miss
Carrie Taylor, ¦ Miss McNutt, Miss Blair. Miss
Preston. Miss 'Dolbeer, Miss Mary JolifTe, Miss
Hager, Miss Ethel, Hager, Thomas McCaleb,
George A. "Newhall, E. M. Greenway, William
Denman, J. R. Howell, • Frederick McNear,
Lieutenant Cyrus Miller. U. S. N., G. L. Rath
bone, Lansing- Mlzner, John Lawson, Horace G.
Platt, . Wlllard N. . Drown,- Joseph L. Tobin,
Milton S. Latham, S. G. Murphy and Major J
L. Rathbone.
The table was shaped like & great horse
shoe,' with guests seated inside and out
side, j in two- rows : facing each" other.
American JBea'uty roses were lavishly, dis
tributed over the table, while ferns ' and
palms decorated the walls and mantels. .
The dlnner'was a great success and the
dance following was equally brilliant, the
ladies being beautifully and elaborately
gowned. Those present were:
A large, dinner- was given last evening
by former Mayor James D. Phelan In the
parlors of \ the Palace Hotel, followed by
a ball. The j affair ' was In honor, of Mr.
and Mrs. Walter S. Martin, who leave to
day for Europe. Eighty, guests were pres
ent to wish bon voyage to the departing
ones. ;•'• "" I- ¦...>'_ [,:,¦ . ---¦'. . ¦ -* ¦ t' " ¦"
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— Because of its
position at the Caribbean entrance of the
proposed Nacaragua canal, the cession of
Jamaica to the United States will certain
ly not occur until economic conditions
force Great Britain to take this action.
This view was expressed to-night by ad
ministration officials upon a report from
London /hat the decision of the British
Government upon the question of impos
ing a countervailing duty on sugar will
determine the future status of the British
West Indies. In the opinion of diplomats,
as well as of officials, all of the West
Indies will some day belong to the United
States, but Great Britain will undoubtedly
hold her possessions in the Caribbean Sea
as long as possible.
Consular reports from Jamaica show
that the United States Is the largest cus
tomer of Jamaica. She receives 63.7 per
cent of her imports from this country and
sends 63.6 per cent of her exports ¦ here.
Great Britain gives Jamaica 33.19 per cent
of her products, and receives 19.2 per cent
of Jamaican exports. Denmark's main
reason for parting with her West India
islands is that they are a drain upon her,
and the same reason may strongly appeal
some day to Great Britain.
Great Britain Not Yet Beady to Cede
the Island.
rUTXTKE OF JAMAICA.
FRENCH SWINGS
POLITICAL AX
"I am up In 'Hamlet,' " he said. ¦ ¦
- He was given the role and that night
the audience heard "Hamlet" by a beard
less stripling, essaying the part .that the
great Sheridan had made world renowned.
Holden subsequently became identified
with the front of the house, going out
as manager for the veteran, Lewis Mor
rison. He was Morrison's first manager.
# ¦ H . ( ;.. : ., IllIli: , : , l i l ,i. l i,. I ,i., I ..i..H,?H^4'^4
His theatrical life was .interesting from
the outset. Twenty-two years ago when
Sheridan was playing "Hamlet" in the
old California-street Theater Stock Com
pany in San Francisco, Holden, then 17
years of age,- had a small part In the
production. One night Sheridan was too
ill to appear. The management was at a
loss to fill the vacancy. Holden presented
himself.
The beginning of the end came about
two months ago, when Miss Mjller and
Holden, as manager and leading man, left
Oakland on a southern tour. The com
pany, because of financial stress, was
compelled to disband at Santa Cruz. Miss
Miller took the experience to heart and
soon after her - return- was stricken and
died.
Holden was never himself after that and
when he succumbed to a raging fever that
"brought delirium - in . its , train his friends
knew what was the cause."'
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.— Grief and
shock over the death of the late
jMaud Miller, actress and daugh
ter of Joaquih Miller, the ' poet,
play a leading part in the pass
ing away last night of Edward J. Holden,
the actor-manager, whose last call came
after a week's illness at a privte hospital
in this city. .' V
Barely two weeks had elapsed .' since
Maud Miller, crushed by the failure of a
theatrical tour she had begun under Hol
den's management, succumbed and was
taken to a lonely grave on the Heights,
her famous father's home In the hills be-r
yond Frultvale.
When friends told him of Maud Mil
ler's death, Holden gave way completely
and there was no concealment of his bit
ter sorrow. At the simple funeral at the
Miller home, conducted by the poet, the
actor was a weeping mourner. When the
actress' body was laid in the grave a sin
gle lily, the tribute from her friend, was
resting. upon her breast.
That was on Christmas day. .> Last Sat
urday Holden broke down and was later
placed in the sanitarium where he passed
away. The grave closes a romance as
real as the footlights' tales are artificial.
The note la a confession of guilt of a
murder that startled the farming commu
nity of Whidby Island nve years ago. Tha
murder Itself had been committed threa
years previously. In 1893 H. Garrison, a
well-to-do farmer near Coupeville, dis
appeared from his home and was never
again seen. Three years later laborers
cleaning out an abandoned well found- a
body. From the clothing and trinkets In
the pockets it was identified as that at
Garrison.
A brother of Garrison took up tha
search for the murderer. Sheriff Cudahy
of this county, then a city detective, was
interested in the case, and following up
the various slender clews at length traced
a chain of circumstantial evidence that
led to the arrest of Walter Erving. (The
name is misspelled in the suicide's note.)
Erving was a young man of good family,
who three years before had been era
ployed by Garrison as a farm hand. Tha
evidence was not entirely satisfactory,
but It served. In the temper of the Whid
by Island jury, to Justify a verdict of
murder in the first degree. Erving was
sentenced to twenty years In Walla Wal
la. He has now served four years.
SEATTLE, Jan. 1L— The mystery sur*
rounding the unknown man who commit
ted suicide by the dynamite method, and!
whose mutilated body was found by
school children near Thirteenth avenue,
last night, deepened to-night with the dis
covery of a scrawled note confessing " a
murder committed on Whidby Island
eight years ago, for which. If the confes
sion be true, an Innocent man Is serving
time in the State penitentiary.
The spot where the body was found at
tracted much attention to-day. Among
those visiting it was a schoolboy, who
happened to see and pick up a crumpled
bit of paper near where the body lay.
There was writing on it, but the boy did
not grasp Its meaning. He showed tho
scrawl to a man standing near, and tha
latter, filled with the import of the note,
hastened to police headquarters. The
wording was as -follows;
1 *f\ .V, 1^ 1 ot . tMa 1Ue - "*** «" hos * •« «»*
man I killed and threw into a well on "Whtatjy
Island, and for which Walter Irrtn» is serv
ing time at present— I don» tho deed for which
waiter Irving la serving time. I will bo dead
in a. few minutes. Oood-by.
Special Dispatch to Til* Calt
Tragedy May Bestore to Freedom az*
Innocent Han Now Serving
Long Term In
¦EWson. ... ; • •
SOCIETY HAS
BUSIEST DAY
OF THE SEASON
The attendance in " the various high
schools, i was also considerably increased
as a result of the Christmas promotions!
from the eighth grades. The Girls' High
School received 90 new pupils, the Lowell
High 100, Mission High 60 and the Poly
technic High 40, It is not thought, how
ever, that any additional teachers will be
required in the high schools. *
The board decided to >' establish \ addi
tional classes • in the Spring Valley and
Hearst schools. -The "attendance is rap
idly increasing In both schools. -
The Board of Education will in future
appoint principals from the ranks . of
teachers instead of selecting outsiders, as,
was done on several occasions. Mayor
Schmltz in his Inaugural address'ex
pressed himself in favor of the promotion
of teachers for; meritorious service, and
he will be supported by Directors Mark
and Roncovleri in that position/ -'¦¦¦¦'¦
'¦ Mayor Schmltz conveyed the informa
tion I yesterday to the three J old members
of the ,; Board ' of r ; Education that he j de
sired harmony, to exist between jthat ;body
end the Superintendent of Schools. The
information was given to Directors pen
man, Mark "'and Casserly; by the newly
appointed v member, ¦: ; Alfred Roncovieri.
Thelatter stated that the Mayor was dis
pleased at 1, the continual" quarreling in
dulged i by the Vupper" and "lower" of
fices. - Scbmltz,- believing that such ac
tion has a bad effect on pupils and teach
ers, . desired to acquaint t the three direc
tors 1 that' a continuance of' the , strained
relations would be displeasing * to him.
In fact, he Intimated that If the bicker-
Ing did not . cease he would use the au
thority . vested in him to ' stop ¦ it.
~ Koncovieri's ,- remarks • somewhat stag
gered his ¦ associates on * the board, but
they stated that they saw the > force « of
the : reasoning - and incidentally appreci
ated ', the veiled :¦., threat of Mayor Schmitz
* to insist on compliance with his orders
under pain of dismissal. That the Mayor's
intention bore good fruit was evident
when President Denman ordered the sec
retary to send a communication to Su
perintendent Webster inviting that offi
cial to be present at the secret session of
the board. \ v ;'
The best informed opinion inclines to
the belief that the- Cabinet will not con
sent to the imposition of countervailing
duties, for fear of raising a storm of in
ternal criticism from the old school of
free traders, who constitute a formidable
wing of the Unionist party. The memo
randum which Chamberlain, will present
on Monday is worded more In the nature
of an ultimatum than any hitherto pre
sented to the Government, and while it
does not openly threaten secession,, that
phase of the situation has been verbally
communicated by the Colonial Secretary.
It is almost -needless to add that the de
cision of the Cabinet will be kept- a pro
found secret, at least until January 20,
when the British delegates return to the
Brussels Sugar Conference. It is said
Chamberlain realizes- the gravity of the
crisis and favors imposing countervailing
duties, but the personnel of the large Cab
inet includes so many utterly differing
economic views that .-- it is doubtful
whether Chamberlain will win the day.
Lord Salisbury and his , colleagues will
then decide whether Great Britain will
put a countervailing duty on sugar. Co
lonial Secretary Chamberlain _ will submit
a statement, made up on the unimpeach
able evidence of the West Indian authori
ties, that if this step is not taken the
sugar industry In the West Indian Islands
will be dead within a year and the West
Indies hopelessly bankrupt.
The British delegates to the Brussels
Sugar Conference will also report that
there is no likelihood of the continental
nations abolishing bounties unless Great
Britain declares her intention of imposing
countervailing duties should the bounties
be continued. The preliminary sessions of
the Brussels Sugar Conference have con
vinced the British delegates that the con
tinental powers only desire at most to
amend the bounty system, and that this
is chiefly due to the hope of placating
their own consumers, i
LONDON, Jan. 11.— There will be a Cab
inet meeting here Monday which bids fair
to be the most fateful In the history of
the West Indies and may eventually affect
the United States.
Principals to Be Taken From
'Among the Teachers in
Future.
Action of the Cabinet May
Ultimately Affect Uncle
Sam.
School Board and Web
: ster Must Settle
Differences.
British Ministry Ready x tb
Solve Sugar DutsB-
Problem.
MAYOR SCHMITZ
WANTS HARMONY
CRISIS NEARS
IN WEST INDIES
Man Pound Dead in
Seattle a Confessed
Murderer.
Leaves Note Telling of the
Commission of a Ter---.
¦ rible Crime.
CONSCIENCE
GOADS HIM
TO SUICIDE
THE SAN "FEANClSCa : : CALL; : ; SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1902.
KILLS WIFE
IN PRESENCE
OF CHILDREN
Restaurant Keeper at
Eureka Commits a
Terrible Crime.
Shoots the Woman Twice
and Then Commits
Suicide.
Domestic Infelicity, Caused by Busi
ness Losses, Culminates in a
Tragedy in Humboldt
Metropolis.
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA. Jan. 11.— The kitchen of a
small restaurant conducted by J. H. G.
Haenfel was the scene of a terrible trag
edy at 10:30 o'clock to-night. Haenfel
shot and killed his wife in the presence,
of his seven young children and then put*
an endi to his own life by firing a bullet
through his heart.
The crime had evidently been premedi
tated for some time and a brief family
quarrel furnished the murderer an op
portunity to make good his threats and
accomplish his horrible purpose.
The Haenfels had not lived happily for a
number of months, «the chief cause of the
domestic infelicity being the despondency
of the husband, whose business affaira
were far from being prosperous. His little
restaurant was a failure and he found it
difficult to adequately provide for the nu
merous children. It is said that on several
occasions he had remarked his purpose to
take his own life, but his wife was dis
posed to doubt the sincerity of his threat.
The quarrel this evening began when
the family were gathered in the kitchen.
Mrs. Haenfel was sitting in a chair and
was sewing. After a short exchange of
angry words the husband, without' warn
ing, seized a 6hotgun and discharged the
contents of one of the barrels at-his wife.
The Bhot struck the woman on the side
of the head, tearing away nearly all the
flesh from her face. Mrs. Haenfel fell
from the chair and the children ran
Bcreaxrlng from th.e room. '#¦"*
The murderer was not satisfied with this
much of his fiendish work, but stood over
the prostrate body, and again fired, this
time at the woman's breast. The weapon
was held so close that the garments and
flesh are powder-burned. Haenfel then
went into another room and, obtaining a
pistol, shot himself In the heart.
The eldest child, a girl of 12 years, noti
fied the police. The husband and wife
were both dead when the officers entered
the house. Haenfel left a note in which
he appointed the Masonic lodge here the
guardian of his children.
Mrs. Haenfel formerly lived In San
Francisco. Her 6lster, Mrs. Fred Krouse,
lives at 134 Taylor street, in that city.
BTJ'NA'WAY HORSE DASHES
AGAINST STREETCAR
Young* "Woman Passenger on Dummy
Receives Injuries That May
Result in Death.
Miss LJllie McDonald, a telephone girl,
whose home Is at 223 Fulton street, re
ceived injuries yesterday while on a
north-bound Laxkin street car that may
prove fatal. A horse hitched to a milk
wagon belonging to the California Milk
Producers' Association ran into the front
dummy of the car at Eddy street, and
Miss McDonald was knocked from her
seat and rendered unconscious. •
The Injured woman was taken at once
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
¦where It was found that her left arm was
fractured In two places, that four ribs of
her left side were broken and that she
had Buffered several lacerated wounds on
the hej.d and possibly a fracture of the
skull. .--j- ,
Music in the Park.
The following programme will 'be ren
dered to-day by the band In Golden Gate
Park:
Overture, "FYelachutz" Weber
Mazurka, de Concert, *Xes Ondlnes flu KH"..
Grogne t
Selection. "The Fortune Tener" Herbert
6ong, • 'For All Eternity" Mascheronl
Solo for cornet. D. C. Rosebrook.
¦Waltz. "Invitation to Dance" Weber
Overture-, " "Beautiful Galatea" Suppe
Morceau, "Hearts and Flowers".. Tobanl
Grand Fantasia, "Albion" Baetens
Intermesxo. "Salome" . ,' "... .Lorraine
March, "American Citizen". ....".......'•"
By Eugene E. Schmltz," Mayor, of San ¦
Pugilists on the Rampage.
Jack Lavelle, a pugilist from'Montana,
made himself obnoxious In Harry Cor
betfs saloon Friday night by threatening
to clean out the place. Corbett- ejected
him twice and the third time he went
back Corbett knocked him out and threw
him Into the street. Lavelle was then ar
rested by Policeman Braig for drunken
ness and disturbing the peace.
Lavelle appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday and offered the excuse that he
was drunk. He was convicted on both
charges and will be sentenced to-morrowl
Quinn Charged With Burglary.
John Oulr.n, who was arrested Friday
Detectives Dlnan and Wren with 2500
cigars In an express wagon, was booked
at the City Prison' yesterday on a charge
of burglary. He broke Into a room at 21S
Sixth street and stole cigars which be
longred to William Karr, a. cigar dealer.
301 Sixth street.
Was Manager for MaucT Miller and Worry of Her
Sad End Resulted in His Fatal ffiness;^:
GRIEF AND SHdCK BRING
DEATH TO ACTOR HOLDEN
31
ADVEE.TISEMENT3.
NEARLY SPLIT
JNTWO
A NUMBER OF SAMPI^E PIAN03
AT AimOSTEALF PBICE.
Just a few of them. Don't put off
coining if ,. you . want . one. Easy
monthly payments can be arranged
for. ;•• )
EILEBS . PIANO CO., Wholesale
Booms, 645 Market street tha
place. ','-
Daring the coming week we will close out a
number of choice new sample upright pianos,
and to get them all out of the way before in-
ventory, Feb. 1st, we offer them at a tremendous
reduction from regular retail prices.
For $1-15, payable cash, or $25 down and $10
a month, we will sell you to-morrow a "better
and in every "way more serviceable piano than
you can buy elsewhere for $250."
And for $186 we offer choice of several new
large size walnut or mahogany cased upright
piano, such as could not regularly be sold for
less than $300. • . :
Two very fine toned, but somewhat plain
cased, "strictly high frrade uprights will go
Monday for $235 and $242 each. Pay $23 down
and $10 a month. These pianos- are worth,
almost double what we ask for them. .
One mahogany, one oak and two most beauti-
fully mottled walnut, very highest grade
pianos that cannot ordinarily be obtained for
less than $60O. will be sold to close out quickly
for $318. same terms as above.
Also one very choice flirared . Knglish oak
cabinet grand at -almost |20O less than what
this or same grade instrument Can be obtained
for ordinarily in this or any other city"
ANOTHER SQUARE SNAP.
"We have Just received another handsome Hal-
let & Davis square' piano, genuine rosewood
case, carved ; legs, round corners, an elegant
piano for beginners, • and to get It out of the
way we'll sell it for $53, $S down and $3 a
month.
Come in to-morrow morning early and maka
your selection while the assortment is complete.
You will secure first and best choice if you do.
Remember the street and nnmber— 645 Mar-
ket s ree jjjj^j^g PIANf> COMPANY.
' (Second floor; take elevator.)
WE WANT TO HEAR
From every one residing In or out of the city,
contemplating the purchase of a piano or or-
gan., .It will be well worth the minute and tha
stamp it will require from . those out * o" the '
city to write and tell us about how much they
wish to Invest In an Instrument: also, -whether
a small, medium or large piano or organ 13 pre-
ferred. /This information will enable us to an-
swer ' Inquiries Intelligently and to: supply you
with such general Information 'as will tell you
exactly what. we can do for you. We are free •
to state that by reason of superior facilities wa
are in a ¦ position to give you more for. your
money than you can get anywhere else in the.
State. ' HP9H5ofl
' .Th«»best Indication of the character of our
business is the pre-eminence and popularity of
our instruments, by the thousands upon thou-
sands of owners of the pianos sold by us- in the
Great' West, and- the absolute and universal
satisfaction manifested on. the ..part at each ,
and every purchaser. • •¦•».¦*•¦ ,-.
Address EILERS PIAtfO COMPANY. ; 645
Market St.. San Francisco. Branch houses at
Portland,, Or., and Spokane. Wash.
CRITICAL' EXAMINATION
Of the ' Kimball piano will demonstrate that
conscientious *care is. given to every detail in
its construction. Nothing short of the highest
degree of perfection will , satisfy the manufac-
turers. The Kimball is made In one ofths
largest • factories in i the world, where , system.
skill, brains, > economy and artistic musical "
ability , are combined. This - enables Jhe = mak-
er* to supply fine high-grade instruments at
most remarkably reasonable prices.
We are sole -Rgenta for 'the sale of these-'
beautiful planod," and are receiving them almost
dally in large shipments, four mammoth car-
loads being - now en route and due to arriva
next .week.: "; ... \ ¦¦'. ,.-,-••
.If you are "interested in fine pianos, do not
fail, to see the new scale Kimball pianos at
Ellen Piano Co.'s wholesale rooms, second
floor. Bishop - bunding, 645 Market street, op*
soslte the Lotta Fountain.
I THE TREATMENT J
| THAT CURES f
4* A*^"S22£C>*-l^ To men' who have nervoitg debility and are weak in- •&•
T com Pf ten V Pun>' and embarrassed on account of partial or 4.
•»* K?^^^*^^a.S°F 1 P Iete J os 5 of^Y Ual Power. Dr. Meyers & Co. extend a X
¦*¦ Whe.ping* hand. These successful specialists are noted for ..
T t»e^ f making strong-, robust and perfect men out of physical
Hf *««•« Debility decking the early symptoms of KTervous X
i Vl r --• Th^tSat^i^es^ kkne^^ ty ±
t * MEN °NLY. ±
T ®^^l ' & 11 mw «, bers o ; the staff are graduates from the best T
j^<&£m : tg medical colleges in the world and Vl extensive Experience v
T JKn4t?4$* ln hospitals before taking up the Important work of the -h
''' A. N/J^g>* 3 P* clafls i s - Thelr medles and methoSs are the best; they ?
. I ii —^Emr- cure ant j restore when others fail. > ™ H * ¦ J.
I DR. MEYERS & .'CO. .-GIVE-MEN LASTING ViGOR?
.t. And Cute the Following AVmenta: * HOME CURES— FREE BOOK %
I acassr ££» -^Bis-ss^-sr^tJail
S. Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness. Z , or , cur llttle tw e-«ty-four page Book. T
I "^Diseases Des^ndency 1 5« n 2S2; t
•jr Heart Diseases General Debility *>• f«nm«- with, a thorough underrtiaaSS >v.
: I Spine Diseases Loss of Menwry or^ £Z}S a S»7£i] a xtVSi5SS"thSJ?uuSS l«1
X itooiach Diseases Blood Poison that you have P o«eW wi«hed yon &^™l $
% No incurable Casts Taken at Any Price '"it^fS de " Un<L f
f DR. MEYERS & GQ., 731-K& I
j* Hour-*-* to 12, 1 to 4; Evealn»«, 7 to 8; Sundaya, 9 to 1L ••
*-HrH-1r 1 1H' M 1 1 H II 11 M l»ti 1-H-H--M ¦! I I I I I 11 1 1 11 I I-M-H-t'nnd Alice Shea, Nell Crane, Mamie Dugan,
Margie Shea.' Mamie Kearns, Mae and
Kittle Manton, Katie Daly, Rosie Pierce,
Master Jimmie Wreii, Roble and Frankie
Donahue, Jimmfe'and Willie Toomey, Joe
Lee, Fremont Toomey, E. Byrnes, W. Ba
con. J. Griffin, J. Hogan, F. Fischer. E.
Nunan, F. Lee, F. Batemann, E. Matbc
,son_ A. Gunderson,: J. Pierce, P. Pierce,
Mrs. 'Shea, Mrs. Manton, Mrs. McArdle/
Mrs. Gunderson, Mr. and vMrs. M.' J.
¦Byrne, -Mr.. and Mrs. J. J.' Bacon," Mr. and
J. Toomey, Mr. and -Mrs. J. Donahue,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Barron. 'Mr. and Mrs. J.
Wren,' Mr; and Mrs. J. 1 O'Brien. . "O \ '
On Saturday evening, January 4, ,1902,. a
surprise party was given by Miss Tina
Debold and Miss Carrie Smith to -Miss 1*.
Smith at her residence, -4 Folsom avenue.
Those- present ;were: Alice .Mallet, Mary
Kelly. Alice Kelly, Liztle Smith, G. Smith,
Minnie Engleman. Lizzie ¦ Debolt, - Tiny
Debolt, Pearly Stelnbrook, Blanche'Steln
brook, Carl Humphrey. Emir Schmidt,
Charles Brady, James Brady, T.L. Park,
Charles Hastorf, Will Kronick, :Fred
Byron,' Ed Meeley and Darlum Relnhold.
A New Tear's watch party was given by
Miss F. Burger at her home, 340 Utah
street. The parlors were artistically dec
orated with evergreen, hollyberries j and
mistletoe. Souvenirs of the evening .were
dainty dance programmes "orvvariou3
shaped leaves. - The evening was pleasant
ly spent with music, singing and dancing.
Promptly before midnight the Virginia.
Reel was formed and the old year danced
out and the new year in. A repast was
served and all departed with a' happy New
Year. Those participating were: Miss A.
McNulty, Miss -M. McNulty, Mies K.
Greenlnger. Miss J. Greeninger, Miss-Ai
Paulson, Miss M. Malone, Miss F. Cook,
Miss F. Burger, 'Mrs. Henry. Mrs. Burger,
W. Reeves. T. McNulty. J.- Burnslde. M.
Wood, T. Wood, A. , Bowers, J. Laird, i:
' A New Year's -eve party. 1 ' given -in honor
of William McKinley Muller. at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. John Muller, 1511^
Mission street, was a very enjoyable one.
There were songs by Irene Campbell and
Miles •¦ SearcyV recitations by Mamie -Wall
and Archie • Cook, ¦ a. : cakewalkvby : Emily -
Rodgers and -Ethel Muller, an .¦•original
song by William McK. -Muller and a sup
per. • .-¦-.- '¦ '.;¦-.. : ¦ I f.-: - : yt
The guests were: Miles Searcy'
Nichols, Mamie Wall, Flossie Wall, Emily
Rodgers, Hattie Hutchinson, Minnie
Hutchinson, Irene Campbell.' Lenore An
drews, Josephine Muller, Ethel' Muller,
Harry Nolan, Leo Nolan, Mervyn Nichols,
Archie Cook/ Fred Wharton,. Earl An
drews, George Arthur Muller, Mrs. Sear
cy, Mr. and Mrs. John Muller and William
McK. Muller.
A' masquerade party was given by Mrs.
F. Pfaff on New Year's eve at her resi
dence, 1620 Turk street.
Those present were: Miss Maud Rex,
'- The Southern Pacific, in order to
strengthen its hold on the business of the
valleys of Sonoma and Napa, will extend
the Napa branch from the junction a few
miles below Napa City to McNears Land
ing.' The ' surveys have been made and
no time : will J .be wasted in the work , of
construction. A Southern Pacific ferry
service from ' McNears Landing to San
Francisco will In* a" measure supplant or
obviate the double; service which valley
travelers are now ¦• compelled to accept
One going. from the. city to Napavor St'
Helena under existing conditions of
transit must first go by. ferry to Oakland
and again by ferry from Vallejo Junction
across the bay or Straits of Carquinez ta
The North Shore Railroad Company,
the new corporation which recently pur- 4
chased of J. B. Stetson and his associates
the North Pacific Coast Railroad, ha3 de
cided to extend facilities of rapid transit
to' many, of the towns in the region of
country north of the bay of San Fran
cisco. Work will • soon begin on . a rail
way from San Rafael to a point on the
bay. known as Point San Pedro, near Mc-
Nears Landing. ¦ ' It #Is proposed to eatab-'
llsh ferry service between this deep-water
ran terminal and San ; Francisco. It is
proposed also to construct an electric line
from Point San Pedro through the Napa
Valley via Napa City. Yountvllle, Ruther
ford and other towns to St. Helena. Ample
electric force can be readily transmitted
by the Tuba River Company, to operate
the ¦ road. The prospect of bringing the
people ! of the Napa Valley into closer
touch with San Francisco affords special
deilgbt. ¦ Information is received that Col
gate, an Kastern man of prominence,' has
obtained Government' permission to es
tablish coaling wharves at Point San Pe
dro.. ' ¦ ¦ -: . .
E'ectric Line Is to Run
Prom Bay Shore to
St. Helena.
NEW RAILWAY
ENTERPRISES
The Prien ' residence was very prettily
decorated... .It -being . a : golden wedding,
golden colors predominated in the decora
tions. In- the drawing-rooms streamers of
yellow were draped from molding to
chandelier. Branches of huckleberry and
holly were massed on molding and cor
nice, with occasional bunches of yellow
chrysanthemums. Ferns, grasses and
smilax were used elsewhere. Orange
shades on all the. burners shed a soft yel
low light through the rooms. .
The dining-room, where refreshments
were served continuously during the even
¦¦M-.I MI I'l I I i"I"^i»H-4-!-!"M»I-H"M
Mr. and Mrs. Wood came to California
in "1875. They were married in Fayette
County,, Pennsylvania, in 1S52. have
two sons and a daughter. The elder son.
Oliver G. Wood, resides at; Bakersfield.
Cal. . The other son, Fremont Wood, and
Mrs. H. F. Prlen are both residents of
San Francisco. :¦>
A" reception in commemoration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the marriage of
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene K. "Wood was held
at the residence of their daughter. Mrs.
H. -F. Prien, 633 Lyon street, on Satur
day evening,' January 4. Mr. Wood is the
well known oil and mining expert of this
¦city."..., " ¦ ¦' ¦ ,- . -'. /
The house was beautifully decorated
with hollyberrles- and mistletoe. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. til
Hanley. J. H. Dreyer, Alice Hanley.
James M. Foley, Mary McKeany, George
Hanley, Mollie Foley, Al Hanley, Dora
Cullen,. Ed McKeany. Kate foley, Frank
Nelson, Nelly Foley, Frank tfarrell, Mabel
Black. Thomas J. Foley, Grace Pelhan
and Mr. and Mrs. La Vlolette.
Miss A. Hanley at her residence, 3847
Twenty-fifth street. The evening was
spent in sing-ins:, dancing and games.
After midnight supper was served in the
spacious dining-room.
.PRINCIPALS IN A PRETTY
..WLDDING ¦WHICH WAS CELr
; / EBRATED AT SONORA.
-: The Board: of San" Francisco Deputies of
the i Independent Order .; of Foresters • in-
Btalled the of Court Precita in
Mission: Masonic-Hall on the 8th inst. On
the 9th 1 they, installed those of Court Mis
sion- and ¦ those of. Court | Golden I Gate* on
the 10th. On. the 13th they will install the
officers of Court Apollo in 'Mission Opera
building; after which there will be a so
cial 'hour, : ' ~r-^—_ l^i_v_:' >
Independent , Foresters.
Mrs. Emma L. Merritt and TV. ,R. H
Adams, executrix and'executor of the will
of the late Adolph Sutro, filed a* suit yes
terday against Mary Burfeind -to* secure"
possession of twenty-one acres of land in
the San Miguel ranch tract. It is alleged
that the -defendant's late husband simp! j, |
held the land as a renter on a monthly
payment of $28 50. Mrs. Burf eind refuses
to leave the land, hence, the suit.
f ¦ •
Woman Refuses to Leave Ranch.
•The Eva Mutual Benefit Society; held a
public : installation and entertainment at
the LO.'O. B. Hall on the 'evening of the
5th Ihst.-The first part of the evening was
taken up with the installation of. the new
ly-elected (officers, followed ; by a musical
.and literary programme.^. Tho ; committee
of arrangements was composed of .Mrs.
Jennie Thai as presiding officer,' 'assisted
.by Mrs. Raymond and Mrs. Aronson.' Mrs:
Thai; deserves- great praise. for, the untlr-
Ins. energy, displayed In setting . up such . a
Bplendld programme. All who contributed
to the evenlnrB entertainment were heax-
Eva ' Mutual \ Society.
The cards are out If or. the ""at home"
which Is. to be; given 'In' Golden* Gate Hall
on the night of the 21st; by the* Orientals.
It is to be an evening; dress i: function and
is strictly invitational. The committee In
charge has arranged * an admirable , pro
gramme. In keeping ,wlth reunions that
have heretofore been given . by. this ¦ very
select organizatjori. : : - '— . : - .
The Orientals.
Sophie Edman and her husband. Axel'
Edman. filed a suit against the Market
street Railway Company yesterday for
$25,000 damages. Mrs. Edman was severe
ly injured in a collision between a' Fourth
street car. and a Mission street car' last
November. Ethel Buckley, who was In
iured in the same collision, filed a suit
for J5000 damages. Carelessness- on the
part of employes . of - the company Jt Is
alleged, caused the accident.
Suits for Damage Filed.
At the close of the installation of Inter
Noa; Circle of the Companions of the For
est ¦- of . America P.- H. • Coyle,^ the : retiring:
chief ; companion.'-- who -^proved himself a
very; faithful ¦ member of : the circle, ¦ was
presented '. with : a handsome fountain pen
by the circle in appreciation of the serv
ices he rendered the organization. ,^ T
-Court SadI Carnot at its last held meet
ing initiated eight strangers. -
Court Washington Is to have a party In
Golden Gate Hall - on the - night of the
15th inst. 5. - - . . ... . v'V: .¦
¦On t the • 13th - inst. the officers'; of Court
Sutro Heights will be installed in Shasta
Hall In -th© Pioneer buildlngr.
ri Court Defiance has arranged for a party
to be given; on the night of the 23d; inst.
'American Foresters.
"Women of Woodcraft.
The officers of Golden Gate Circle of
the Women of "Woodcraft will be Installed
on the 16th Inst. in Myrtle Hall of the
Alcazar building. This Council has ar
ranged for a valentine party to be eiven
in the social hall of the Alcazar building
on the 11th of February. omiaingr
Tho officers of Redwood Circle have
been asked to visit Vellafler Circle at
Baden on the loth inst to confer the de
gree on a class of candidates. The invi
tation has been accepted.
Suits for divorce, were filed by Maud
Hunt ajjainst Bertram C. Hunt for cruel
ty, Richard Wyckoff. against Catherine
Wyckoff on Etatutory grounds, Clara L.
Hart against Toland Hart for failure to
provide and Catherine T. Jenny against
Augustus D. Jenny, for cruelty. ,
Susan J. Mooney, who was. married to
Joseph M. Mooney last August, filed a
suit for divorce yesterday. She alleges
that since September 15> 1901, Mooney has
tcrated her bo cruelly that her hair has
turned quite gray, her appetite has been
ruined and that she is continually losing
flesh. Mrs. Mooney lives at 2829 Mission
street. ¦.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Theresa L. Wangenhelm from Alberts.
Wangenheim for desertion, and Georelna
B. Bryant from - Ernest J. Bryant for
neglect.
Turned Gray From Marital
Troubles. .
Mrs. Susan Mooney Claims. Her Hair
Oliver Roberts and J. H; Lavenson, cred
itors of Mary E. (Mammy) Pleasant,' filed
objections yesterday \ to . the account of
George R. ! Eaton, assignee of the old col
ored .woman's estate;, They object' to the
account being allowed 'on", the ground that
it contains items which', are "sham,-; re
dundant and immaterial.". They . also I al
lege that the list of creditors submitted is
nptcorrect. :.::.:¦'•:' ; ¦
', A claim against the estate of $15,875 is
specially objected to. Eaton claims in
his account that this sum Is due .the es
tate of Margaret A. Hopkins on a promis
sory note for $5000, executed by Teresa
Bell and Mary E. Pleasant November 1,.
1893,' and made payable to George R.
Eaton.,; .s -¦'.-¦,>* -¦'.-¦¦¦¦¦ ~'S ¦•¦¦¦¦¦<:¦:.
¦ The protestants claim" that at the time
the claim was filed the note was the prop
erty or E. L Reese, • who su«d Mrs. Bell
and Mrs. Pleasant . for the - amount. .The
suit was decided against him and he ap
pealed from the judgment to the Supreme
Court ¦. They also claim that tha real note
to Eaton wan tor W000. without | Interest,
and. bore, the signature of both women,
Mrs. Pleasant signing it In consideration
of Eaton devoting one year to the settle
ment of her insolvency • matters. '
It is now said that he, did not carry out
his agreement, and accepted $1500 In set
tlement of his rights to the note. % . ' ;
. Objections . are also made by • Lavenson
and Roberts to the claim of-Mary A. 1 Far
rant for $264, and that of SeinaiDudson
for 5830, which are v also on : the list.
SAYS HUSBANIFS CRUELTY
BXTINED HER APPETITE
Creditors of Mrs. Pleas
ant Object to Report
of Assignee 7 ¦
- During the past few weeks there havo
been a number of initiations in several of
the local lodges. ? '
Mrs. Emma'Quitzow has been appointed
a deputy supreme protector, and she U
making arrangements to make a tour of
the local lodges for the purpose of arous
ing the membership to work for the good
of the order. ov*^
The following are the dates fixed for tha
installation of officers of a number of tho
lodges of the Knlghta and Ladles of Hon
or: January It Bay City Lodge; January
15, Magnolia Lodge; January 16, West End
Lodge: January 22, Pacific Lodge; Jan
uary 23, Golden Rule Lodge; Januarys!
Martha Lodge, and January 28, Oakland
Knights and Ladies 'of Honor.
.- Pacific Council on the night of the 10th
Inst. had a large attendance of members
and visitors, j who were anxious to wit
ness the installation of the new officers.
Before this ceremony was reached the
officers of the : council initiated, three
strangers in., a very, creditable' manner
and after that received two applications.
The Installation of -the ', new officers was
followed by : the - serving of a collation,
the- rendering of several vocal selections
by the quartet, -solos by individual mem
bers and addresses ¦ by ex- Judge G. H.
Bahrs, Senator. Cuthberth and several
others. . The . presentation : of a valuable
gold: and diamond button :torJ.~H.^Cut
ter, the retiring president, was ; a graceful
appreciation of the work that official did
for • the council during the time he was
at the head of it. . • .• : ,
tlly encored. ,' Each number was a gem.
Master Arthur Thai had the honor of pre
senting each of- the participants with a
bouquet. The evening was very enjoya
bly-spent and concluded with the-aervmg
of refreshments, to which all did ample
Justice. .The programme included the lol
'lowing selections: --¦: . . . ¦ ¦ •¦..-.-¦
Opening, David •.Hirshberg;; piano* solo,
Miss Dorothy Kaufman; comic recitation*
Madam Caro True Boardman; violin solo.
Master Nathan Feuerstein; violin-, duet.
Masters Nathan and Max -Feuerstein,
Miss II. Cohn accompanist; ' recitation,
Harry Gllck; comic song and dance, .MIeb
Harriet Aronson; violin. solo," Miss Adela
Wellsch.^Mlss Ada Welisch accompanist;
vocal solo/ Master . Calisch, Miss Callsch
accompanist; comic: recitation. Miss Mil
dred Edlses. -. . -
Union Council enters the current-Na
tional Union year with a number of new
officers, and it Is expected that there will
be an effort to make a good showing in
the matter of Increase before the close
of the year. > ¦ - \ . .-. *. ¦ ¦ >
/ ¦¦; - ¦
Instead . of" having • the proposed bond
elections for ;. public improvements /"-. next
month, as the. last Board of • Supervisors
intended, the various propositions may
•not'W submitted to a vote of the. people
until nextf November or even later. Su
pervisor Braunhart, the newly elected
chalrman l oftho Committee on. Public
Jtftlities, 1 • discovered* yesterday . that a
doubt exists whether the new general reg
istration required by the State law for
elections to be held- this year will operate
on those 'for bonded^ Improvements. As
registration does not close until forty
days preceding the next municipal election
to be held on November 4, Braunhart is
of the opinion that -the bond elections
could not be, held until a later date. The
disputed point will be submitted' to ;the
City Attorney to decide if the new regis
tration governs in bonded elections.
Another factor that will certainly post
pone some of the bonded elections at least
is that the : charter requires . complete
plans on any proposed Improvement • or
utility to be incorporated in the call for a
bonded election. The final publication of
the declaratory ordinances ¦ for sewers,
hospital, school houses, parks, play
grounds and fire houses will be completed
on January 21. ' "Within two weeks the Su
pervisors, must call a special election for
submission to the electors of the proposi
tions. It is plain that the time is too short
for plans to be prepared . for - the new
school houses and fire houses.' 'The plans
for the sewer system and city, hospital are
complete, but It . will take ¦ some time to
prepare those for six school houses. Even
the style - of building must • bo designated
in the call and the seven sites for, school
houses must be particularly specified, and
these have not yet been selected. The
site for a proposed children's playground
already comprises a school lot and Braun
hart thinks that the preliminary ordinance
is defective on that point. ..The City At
torney will be asked to unravel the knot
ty points, and it Is highly probable that
the board will have"- to begin all-over
again by suspending further,; publication
of the declaratory ordinances. ; Braunhart
says that undue haste was manifested by
the last board and that openings were left
to : invalidate the proposed bond issues by
non-compliance with , the . legal •' technicall-'
ties on the- questions. r • .-•--.->
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E
Church will preach this evening on "The
All-Important Question." ¦ ¦
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street ME. Church will preach this evn-
Rev. John Hemphlll will preach this
morning on "The Evangelization of San
Krancisco," and" in the evening Mr. El
dredge will preach on "The Approaching
Kingdom."
Rev. H. II. Bell of the First Presbyte
rian Church will preach this morning on
"The Infinite God" and in the evening on
"A Link in the Chain of Providence."
Rev. E. II. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
evening on "If I Had My Life to Live
Over Again."
Rev. M. Bcrcovitz will preach at the
«f^i of Israel's Hope this evening on
"W hy Should Jews Become Chrlstiane."
Rev. E. Nelander of- the First English
Lutheran Church will preach this morn
ing on "\\ ise Men from tne East." and in
the evening on "The Spiritual Faculty "
•> Rev V T ; Erow , n of the A. M. E. Zion
Church (colored) will preach this morn
ing on "For All Things Are Tours" and in
the evening on "Give Christianity a
Chance and Enforce the Golden Rule ;>
* F^r er . Basla T lU * P rea ch this morning
at 10:80 o'clock in St. Ignatius Church;
Rev. Father Culligan will deliver the ser
mon In the evening: after vespers
Rev. Milton p. Buck of the Trinity M.
"th^BlbtscnooL-'^ 11 thiS mOrnln * On
The Richmond Congregational Church
will hold novel services to-night. Notes
and mortgages valued at $(500 will be
burned and services appropriate to the oc
casion will be conducted.
Presidents Wheeler and Jordan of the
universities of California and Stanford
will preach in Trinity Episcopal Church
this evening. The services will be for men
only.
Professors Jordan and
Wheeler Will Ad
dress Men.
New Registration May
Delay Them Until Next
November.
CLAIM ACCOUNT
IS INCORRECT
An enjoyable birthday party was given
to the Misses Alice and Cassle Byrne Sun
day evening, January 5, sCt their home,
221 Eleventh street. ¦? An interesting- pro
gramme ; was given by. six, little girl3.
Those present were: Misses Gladys and
Gertie Toomey , Alice and Cassie Byrne,
Gertie and Helen - Norton; Vera Stelner,
Rita Barron, Alice' Wren, Aftnie Banahon,
Hanna Walsh, I Celia Manton, Catherine
an* Alice Lee, Belle Gunderson.. Grade
Meyers, Mamie and Rosie Lee, Katherine
0 4^^^^4~H-h44~H-H--H-^^ : H«W-^
Home Parties.
TWO PRESIDENTS
ARE TO PREACH
Rev. A. C. Bane of the Californla-strtet
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Revival Sought and Found,'-' and in
th« evening on "The Worth of a Soul."
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach -this morning on
"The Voice of the Spirit" and in the even
ins: on "A New Year's Decision." . y
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial M. E. Church will ¦ preach this
evening on "The Will and the Deed."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach i .is morning on "The
Holy Ghost Our Supreme Equipment for
Service" and In the evening on "Optical
Illusions in the Moral rtealm."
The usual mass meeting for men only at
the Young Men's Christian Association
this afternoon at 3 o'clock will h« ad
dressed by Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.;
subject. '"The Valley of Baca."
Rev. Edward Harper of the Centenary
SI. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Power of Faith" and in the evening
on- "Judas." •' •
"Cares and Duties'* and In the evening on
"How God Leads Us.". : •-:
"Life" is the subject of the lesson at the
First Church of Christ, Scientist, this
morning. • - . ,
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church willpreach this morn
ing on "Too Light a Thing" and in the
evening on "My Time Is at Hand."
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
irregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Awakement" and in the- evening
on "The Kali of Cardinal Wolsey; or Les
sons for the Church and fe^ate from the
Reign of Henry VIII."
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Going Forwaru Under Divine
Command."
BOND ELECTIONS
GET A SETBACK
H"I"M"M"I"M- InH.,H"I-I"I"H. M- M-fr^
South Vallejo. The proposed new route
of the Southern Pacific will bring passen
gers direct from Calistoga, SL Helena
and Napa to McNears by rail and thenca
by steamer to this city.
Miss -Amy Stelnman left Thursday for
her home in Los Angeles.
Miss Hilda Kline left Thursday for Los
Angeles to vlsjt relatives.
Sir. ' 0 and Mrs. Frederick Eaton "Wilson
have taken apartments at the Hotel Oli
ver. 899 Pine streets At horns third Tues
tlay.
Mrs. Malvyn Furst has resumed her
day " at home, the third Wednesday of
each month, at her residence, 10U Scott
street.
Miss Carrie I* Wellscb. Is vislttagr friends
In Portland, Oregon.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Benedict Jr.
have returned from their weddlngr trip and
taken. apartments at the. Hotel St. Nich
olas for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs: J. Rehfeld announce that
their son Abe will bo confirmed at the
Geary street temple on Saturday, Jan
uary 18. They would be pleased to se«
their friends on Saturday afternoon from
2 to 5 o'clock at 1041 Howard street.
Mrs. C. Nathan and Miss Belle Nathan
of 512 Devisadero street will be at bonio
on second Mondays.
On account of sickness In the family,
the barmitzvah reception of Alfred Hoff
man has been postponed until further no
tice by Mr. and Mrs. Ellas Hoffman.
Mrs. J. R. Duff and Miss Emma Duff,
wife and daughter of James R. Duff, the
well- known mining expert and superin
tendent of the' Wimsan mine of Korea,
have recently returned from New York.,
where Miss Duff has been pursuing her
studies in vocal music under the best
masters. ¦ SJiss -. Duff • was formerly first
cellist of the Saturday Morning Orchestra.
They are located at the Crocker.
Mr." and Mrs.- S. Hartman of Chehalls.
Wash... are gueats of C. Nathan and
family. •
Personal.
The passengers who sailed for Hono
lulu on the last steamer, the Alameda,
were: 'S. T. Alexander, W. M. Alexan
der. Mile. Ancion. . J. G. Anderson. Mrs.
Anderson. R. Arras, Mrs. Arras and
child, John Baker Jr., Rev. H. E. Ban
ham. E. R. Bath.- C. P. Baughman, O.
Bellesen; J. H. Berry, P. Bluett, A. P.
P.czlo, Francis Brown, George Brown, J.
Bunth, Mrs. Bunth and infant. William
Burd, A. C. Campbell. A. J. Campbell. C.
S. demons, John DeltorelU. Mrs. Del
tore'li. Mile. E. de Mowza, E. A.
Douthitt. Mrs. Douthitt. Miss Duff. Rob
erfc'A. Duncan. J. Ferrari. Mrs. Ferrari.
B. Flatt. Mra. Flatt. George D. Gear. Col
onel J. B. Glrard. Mrs. C. D. Green. G. V,'.
Green, Mrs. C. W. Hathaway, Mlsa L. M.
Hathaway, Ferdinand Heiduska, Miss F.
Hill, G. W. Hind, C. S. Holloway. Mrs.
Holloway and maid, J. A. Kennedy. E. J.
Lea, Georjje Lee. W. F. Lehisrh, Colonel
G. W. Macfarlane, Mrs. Macfarlane,
child, governess and nurse, C J. McCar
thy, A. Michael, C. Nilssom. Mrs. Nllssom
and two children, N. Nudelman, E. Olm
sted, Mrs. Olmsted, E. E. Paxton. Pro
fessor Powell. Mrs. Powell, A. Powell. A.
Raas, G. A. Remington, G. J. Remington,
J. G. Rial, Mrs. Rial, Mrs. C. F. Reynolds,
Miss B. Bi. Reynolds, Miss E. M. Rey
nolds, Miss Q. E. Reynolds. A. Rudd, A.
Salermo and valet, Mrs. Salermo and in
fant, H. P. Saucrs, Mrs. Sauers, Mra. G.
Schneider. P. Schneider, J. Shaw. R. Ste
venson, Mrs. G. Stevenson, F. St. Ongs,
Mrs. St Onge, J. St. Onge.
Sailed Away.
It ; was a private affair, only relatives
"being present. The bride, who is a tall,
attractive brunette, is the' sister of George
W, .Kingsbury, proprietor of the' Lick
House,' and sister-in-law or John Curran,
ascis.tant superintendent ;. of tlie Pacific
Coast .Telephone ' Company. -The . happy
couple have ; \ Just 7 returned* 'from > T their
'honeymoon and have' taken a house at
,616. Central, ayenue. '• .¦':> - l :>
¦ The marriage of Miss ¦ Ethel ., O'Meara J
.Thomas and Joseph. Victor was an impor-"
tant event, to the people of .Sonora, -as'
both of the contracting parties are popu
lar in social circles. The bride is a daugh
ter of E. M. ¦ Thomas, formerly-f a . well
known Ban Franciscan. ....... ' ••„• -.• -,-.,
. The- young couple are. well known In
musical -circles' of •¦ San 1 Francisco., and
vicinity and are members of. the- choir
ot the First Presbyterian . Church. - Mr.'
and Mrs. :DavIes have "a; host- of .friends
in this city.
There was a quiet wedding on Christ
mas eve at the residence of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Mary Pennyman, 1828 Eddy
street, when -Miss Maggie L. Kingsbury.
'.became the wife -of .William R. Sampson,
a .well-known commercial man of San
Francisco.
The knot was tied by Dr. Beard, D.D.,
formerly pastor of Grace "M.-E.-Church
of this city. '...¦.,-
' The -bride was attended -by her sister.
Miss Mignon . Judson, and the groom by
Dr. E.W. Leslie.
; Miss Hattle Lewis and Major I. B. Cook
¦were married Wednesday evening- at the
home of the bride, 631 Ha'jyht street. The
Redding was. a very quiet one. Major
Cook is now retired from Company B,
National Guard. _ ¦ .
» A quiet ?¦wedding was solemnized' in
this city on the evening of December 31,
1W1, at the "residence of the '"bride's
mother, Mrs. . C. Huck, ]Q29 Noe street,
the contracting parties ' being Lula V.
II uck and Charles Simmons. Only rela
tives were, present.
% The ceremony was performed at S
o'clock, the Row John G.vVogel of the
Methodist Episcopal Church . officiating.
During the evenfng.muslc and song were
enjoyed, after which a banquet followed.'
Many -and .hearty- were ¦¦ the'.congratula
tions j extended ; to- the- newly", made hus
band, and wife.' ¦ Mr. \ and Mrs. ! Simmons
will reside in this city.- •'•.'•:-" '
• a quiet wedding 'ceremony took place
last-Wednesday- cvening-at-th.8. home- of
Thomas' R; Judson, .811 Alvarado street,
when" his, daughter. Miss' Frauces Isabel,
.was united In marriage to J. Hughes Da-
YiesV. son "of J. Mills Davies of .Los An
geles, Cal. • .-- - :
They're Married.
D. Cohen. announces the. engagement of
Ilis daughter. Hattie to Charles Greenwald
of Sacramento. They will ; receive .Sun
day, January? 19, at 443 • Natoma" street,
from: 2 to o o'clock." ' • •'¦ ;
* A reception in honor of the betrothal
of Miss Miriam- B. Levy and Sol Kahn
will be held at the residence of Rev. and
Mrs. M. S. Levy, 1359 Post street, Sunday,
January 19, and Wednesday, January Tl,
from 1:30 till 5 o'clock.
Mr. and- Mrs. I. Adams Vof 1825 Pirns
street announce, tlie engagement* of their
daughter, Maude to Dr: Pryce.'. •-
Mr. and Mrs.> E. H. l.apidaire - of 1047
McAllister -street -announce the i;engage
ment of .their daughter Gertie to
M Getz.ison of Mr. arid Mrs. Max' Getz.
llie reception will beheld Sunday, Janu
ary 26, between 2 and; 5 p. m.
'.! ine engagement is announced; of Miss
Marian Blair Fraser.to Arthur. N.Xud
•nrorth. *>;.v,,,v;', ; : v •£*.'='* ,. ¦• .. > ;".-; .••-¦*
i The engagements announced of Eliza
beth K..,Maas." daughter of Dr. and Mrs.
P. H. Maas of tbis city, to -P.: R. Gliss
man of Oaktend. ¦ < • .,- .-..* •_-•¦
; Mr. and Mrs. -/Morris" Silver announce
the cKgagemeut of tliefr daughter Ro^e
to Dave Davis of .this city.
1 he engagement- ta ¦ announced . of Mrs.
Gffine Grafe and Dr." C. Conrad.
.'Mr. and Mrs. Carl;Muller of Healdn
burg announce the. engagement of their
daughter. Louise to Alfred F. Breiling of
Is llngenmunster, Germany. ¦ ".%¦ '•¦
The engagement of Miss Edith McBean
and Dr. Henry S. Kierstcdt, U. S. A., Is
announced. . ¦ . ¦ :
They're ; Engaged."*
, Vhe ".: McNear ball, -at - their Van i Nesa
avenue' residence, gav« no end of pleasure
to the" guests. , Mayor Phelan's ball at the
Palace last evening. was also a large af
fair and closed the week's gayety with a
dellshtful dance. > ;
. I . • • • • -:.. •. ' •-.*.-".» . ¦ • ¦ .
SOCIETY for the oast Iweek has en
joyed one round of luncheons, teas,
dinners 'and balls, with no, end!pf
pleasure,Lof. course. > The _week has
been' a hard one for the T meh r wh6
bravely go back to business'after dancing
until nearly ' morning. £ ; To begin •" .with,
there was the hop at -Angel Island. No
one, who was invited -cared to 'miss that.
Then the charity' ball ,:. on Wednesday
night at the Palace Hotel, where the dan
cers *Qid not get : fairly- started , until mid^
night. La Jeunesse cotillon .on Friday,
at Native Sons' Hall.Cwas a brilliant suc
cess and everybody -had a good time.
The third military ball at Mission Opera
Hall on Wednesday evening was largely
attended. The committee having: the ball
in charge was composed of the following
members: Lieutenant Thomas E. Johns
ton, chairman; -Sergeant J. Morey. Cor
poral B. Hewelcke, William Murphy and
B. Collum.
The Country Club met with Mrs. Lay
son on Tuesday, January 7, at Ardenwood.
near Centerville. The coming convention
of Women's Clubs to brf .fceld In San Fran
cisco In February was discussed. After
the business and regular programme. Mrs.
Allen and Mrs. Bunting gave a delightful
account of the Eastern trip they enjoyed
In Mr. Bunting's private car E. S. Fledg.
Two vocal solos were rendered by Miss
Stella Graham. On Tuesday. February 4,
the Country Club will meet with Mra.
Lernhart In Centerville.
Club Parties.
Luse, Mrs. R. W, Moore. Dr and Mrs.
Larentzen. Miss S. A. Hutchinson, Mis>»
Sturges and Mr. Sturgts, Mrs. F. T.
Heaccck. Mrs. C. A. Lutz. Mrs. L. S.
Forbes. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. McKay. Mlsa
Gertrude Coiner, ..Miss Lulu Downing.
Mrs. W. H. H. I Hart, Mr. and Mrs.
George M. Wood, Mr. and Mrs. W. E.
Pollock. Mrs. J. A. Bender. Miss Sart>h
Bender, Mrs. Thomas Berry, Miss Llla
Berry. Miss Grace I. Berry. Mr. and Mrs.
S. R. Thorne, Mr." and Mrs. T. T. Mc-
Neely, Dr. Paul B. Noble, Judge and Mrs.
A. R. Cotton. Charles Freeman and Miss
Vivian Freeman, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Mar
tin, Miss Norma Martin, Mr. and Mrs.
Oliver G. Wopd, Mr. and Mrs. H. F.
Prlen. Miss Eda Prlen. Lyell Wood, Mr.
and Mrs. Fremont Wood, Mrs. N. Wtn
drum. -.•*. . •
On the following day a reunion and
dinner was given at the residence of the
younger son, Fremont Wood. 'which was
attended by the immediate relatives.
Among those -present were the following
named: Mr. and Mrs. Eugene K. Wood.
Jlev. and Mrs. F. S. Ford, Mrs. H. H.
Ing, was similarly decorated in yellow and
green.
The callers began arriving at 8 o'clock
and continued arriving until 11:30 o'clock.
At midnight tWe bride and groom ot tiJiy
years departed in their carriage am;d
showers ot rice and singing By the re
maining friends and relatives of /"Good-
Night, Aly Love, the Hour 13 Late/'
Amocg the many striking costumes the
one worn by tee '"bride" occasioned mucii
comment among the ladies. It was a
prized 'heirloom of the iamtly, a golden-
Drown silk, in the style of many years
ago.
SOCIETY EVENTS OF THE WEEK
/ THE ; SA1ST FRANCISCO CAX.U, CstTNDA Y^ JANUARY IS^ ;1902.
Miss Annd Silva, Miss Carrie Bacon,
! Misses Charlotte. and. ; Lundblade.
Misses Hattie . and Jp" 0 "™ H^tley .
Misses- Matilda and Lenor a Fest. Mis,
Matilda Wash, Miss Kate Robinson, Miss
Teresa McClain. Miss A. Perclval Martin
J. . Bacon. Garfield -Bray, William A.
Bacon, B. Smith, Elton of Co
lumbia Minstrels, H. Lewis, H. l'. nan,
CoCdHns T» B. . PfafC. A. Osborne,
Mrand Mrs Fest. Mr. and Mrs. J-^tack
ler, Mrs. Wash. Mrs. ;F. Pfaff, .Mr. and
a l S *New F 'YS's"eve party.>-a3 ; given bj
32
\' NEWMAN &LEVINS0N. ; V"V. -" ' "-•":¦--;¦¦'¦¦¦
Gur. J^uary Clearance Sale
Genuine. bargains are noiv being offered in every^ department. To-morrow and the balance of"
this month, the 'season's accumulation of odd sizes, Short* lengths and broken lines \vilV be sacrificed
regardless of; original prices — immense reductions, are made because inventory time is close at
hand — Read these\jtems carefully— they will interest -you. . /^^S • * •-: '¦.'¦¦¦¦ ''- '
LSG16S uiilIS^SI H6ullC6fl i^rfiGvS
I This opportuhity no lady should allow to pass vyithout an investigation, when finely tailored,
well fitting and extremely stylish Suits are offered. at prices that are nothing short of the phehominal
$19.50, . $21.50 and $2-2.50 Suits $26, $27.50 and $28.50 Suits \
¦ Reduced to $13.75 , Reduced to $21.00
Handsomely tailored Suits in cheviot and broad- High class tailored Suits in- fine cheviot and
cioth; latest flare-and flounce skirts; blouse and broadcloth; skirts made full flare; Eton and
tight/itting jackets, taffeta silk lined; all beautiful double breasted jackets, taffeta lined, the season s
styles, were $19.50, $21.50, S22. 50, now $13-75. choiceststyles, were $26, $27.5o'$2S.so. now $21.
Beautiful French novelties, well as handsome domestic creations, are priced for to-morrow
at figures which guarantee; rapid selling. The stock comprises in part; : White applique Trimmings—
Blade and colored cloth appliques — Persian appliques — Black and gold velvet passementeries— Black-
and gold silk passenienteries — Colored beaded and spangled Trimmings— Black mohair gimps— Black
and gold bands— Black silk and mohair ornaments, etc. . .
55c Goods, on sale at 10c yd. Si. 50 Goods," on sale at 75c' yd.
roc Goods, on sale at 15c yd. • . . 2x0 Goods; on -sale at $1.00 yd. • :
75c Goods, on sale at 25c yd. ; ;. 3.25 Goods, on sale at 1-25 yd.
85c Goods, on sale at 45c yd. ., 3.5o"Goods, pn sale.at 1,50 yd.
¦90c Goods, on sale at 50c yd. , : Goods, on sale at 1. 75 yd.
\f jf^fcff during this month we- will give on all Trimming remnants, a discount of }j J /S% off
/q UII the regular remnant prices..- • . . . ; "
Choice Flannels very iow priced
We do not want to inventory a yard of these goods — so we have taken all of our Fancyand
Embroidered Flannels and reduced them as follows :
Fancy Flannels in a great variety of Persian 1 29 inch Embroidered French Flannels in excej-
dots and stripes — the season's correct fabrics for lent colors, especially suitable for Ladies' VVaists,
Ladies' Wrappers and- VVaists, all reduced to . that were £1.15 and $1.25 a yard, now ;- '. r
65c a yard ¦ ' 95c a Yard
No broken lines An OutNgo all odd
Shawls can stay Shell Gorribs
We have but -one aim in arranging this 'sale and. Neck Combs'that were- 25c, now 10'
that is to sell at once, for we take stock Feb. 1st. . - ; Neck Gombs that were .cop, now 20c
To-morrow all our $1.60, $2.00 and .-.Back Combs that were 35c, now 15c
S2.25 Wool Knitted Shawjs— in Black,' Side . Combs that '-were^ 25c; now 15c
White and colors, 45 inches square with . . Side CombsMhat were $1 Job, now 50o'
fringe on all sides, j Barettes - ; ,that were 15c, now Sc
Reduced to $1.35 each *¦* , Also some finer goods at W like reduction.
Opening of New Embroideries for 1902 0.
We wiil show to-morrow our first shipment of. new Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric
Embroidered Edges, Insertings, Beadings, also Hemstitched Edges and Cut out fancy calobns''
New Allover Embroideries in small and large figures in tucked and lace effects. A beautiful '
assortment at popular prices. >: - ..''.,;^ -; ;
— Kwny and Suffer Streets I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
M-»,:wiai.th» •lectric needle wltnout p*ta or
•car; permanency ruarantetd; houra l to Tp*
'l he attention of ¦, the . ladles > Is called • to
the important ; notice % that -all' the
trimmed hats in; the millinery parlors of
the . City of j Paris ' Dry Ooodsj. Company
.have; been marked : down ¦ to Just half the
prices that they: were sold-for during the
past season.-* ; *. : •.
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
FAI/LINQ HAIB STOPPED.
Baldness Ctired by Destroying the
Parasite Germ That Causes It.
Baldness follows falling hair, falling
hair follows dandruff; and dandruff ts the
result of a germ digging Its way Into the
ecalp to tfle root of the hair, where It saps
the vitality of the hair. To destroy th-it
germ Is to prevent as well as cure dan-
druff, falling hair,, and. lastly, baldness
There Is only one preparation known to
<Jo that, Newbro's Herpldde. an enUrelv
new, scientific discovery. Wherever it
has been tried it has proven wonderfully
Fucceseful. It can't be otherwise, because
It utterly destroys the dandruff germ.
?'You destroy the cause, you remove the
effect"
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises In the- family
every day. Let ns answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two .minutes. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling water and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry, and Strawberry. Get a packaxo
¦it your grocers to-day, locts..
BRUSHES r >R £^? B ? a ' bak -
WilUUliJUU «r* bootblacks, bath-
brewer* : bookbtoder,. cZSr-k^^lZ
«yer», flonrmiu^ toundrtoi. JaunScf^^
Dancers, printers, painters, iho» factorlML
•Ublemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors/ Sa
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush ManuJacturers, €09 Sacramaota sa33
THE ;SA^ FRANCISCO: CAXL, SUNDAY,; JANU^
Jl^^^^^^^^ll^jfi^ e Company's Products in one box for fifteen
!^^^-^^^^ffW cents for a few days only, to acquaint our friends more
// ~^^^''^ ;^ Z7 I D* Z* - For fifteen Pancakes, or twelve' Waffles. ; \^*'f? y .*:p*%r ' \ &?+ J* 4 Xb^ly &i^^^^^^\\
//Ah^^^CO ' For fifteen Buckwheat Cakes. . i/v^ Sl-U Lo S Farina /W^^^twf U
// liVS^^^^-^ or sixteen Tea Biscuits. ¦ . "'.','•¦.."." ¦ For Porridge for five, or six Farina Croquettes.. \^>^^^^^^]l \
Enough Ho/grane % The H-0 Co s Tapioca .Enough Breakfast Crisps r\ ,
For a loaf of Health Bread, or eighteen Biscuits. For eight cups Tapioca' Cream, or Apple Tapioca for^ six.; With fruit for six persons, or with cream for foiir.
, I In all, about four pounds of material for fifteen cents^
Over fifty 'Portions of Dainties^^a^
The price is nothing in comparison with the^value,. and is to v in part, pay for the cost of distribution.
1 The advisibility of immediately ordering the bo^ ; '!
of the grocers has a large! supply^ nor can any of them secure any":The officers of General George G.'Mcade
Corps . of : the r.Woman's ¦ Relief ' Corps : were
,to 'have been ; installed : last .week," at Uhe
same time that the officers of the postof
that name were Installed, but the Installa
tion* was; postponed 4 on account "of ; the
death ¦ of * the - treasurer, ; Mary rA. - Sweet;
The officers will be inducted into office on
the 21st In the Pioneer building.
General v Meade v Corps'.
, "The officers of Prosperity Lodge the
Ancient Order of .Workmen will
be installed on' the night' of the 14thJ The
cards ?- are out for the; marriage of Miss
Mollie Elizabeth, daughter • of.iMr. and
Mrs." David - M.'- Short, /to.«Richard"»Has
sard McPherson. -the. -."recording .angel"
of, this lodge/ -The: eventiwill .take place
on" the of thei 22d inst., . fyt^
At the last -held- meeting" -of vthe^Past
Masters'. Association the Mogulion degree
Ancient Order United VWorkmeij*'
'= Mizpah Tribe Nor 1 of the Tribe of 'Ben'
Hur, gave an entertainment and dance on
the evening of, the 6th, Inst., 'lri;theWel^
come Hall of the Odd, Fellows' building,
which was ' attended " by. a" goodly - number
of ' people,-, who were delighted with the
programme; of varied numbers that was
presented by the committee on social
hour, J. M. Custer, W. H. >Woodhali i and
Daniel Dewey. The. features of the even-
Ing, were a vocal solo'by Mrt. Morrow;
Spanish dance by Miss Enos ; Scotch song
and dance. by Miss Violet McDonald;'con
tortion dance by Miss 'Lilac Hooper,: and
Hungarian dance: by -Miss Rose McDon
nell.r-.-The several numbers were presented
between dances by those .who were not on
the programme." . ' _ ..' "•;,¦.
Tribe of , Ben Huf.
The : officers r of . Forget-Me-Not Ix)dge,-
D.O.*:H.> were installed In public on the
night- of the, 11th,- and those of .Silver
Spray Lodge of • the 'same : order will; be
installed "on' the : night of the 14th inst.
The officers 1 of Oak Leaf ¦> Lodge of the
A. O. : IJ. ,W. and those/ of " Ivy Lodge of
the Degree J of Honor : were Installed. In
Oakland .last week in the presence of a
large, number of ? people. There was a
grand . entertainment and dance after, the
ceremony." -? r '•,-', ¦.';, -.- • ',.. ' ,-• < ' .
was conferred : with striking: effect on'
thiee past masters— H.JiV Cumpton" of
Sausalito I^odge, Leonard Stone of
Burns' Lodge and ' W. O. ' ; Zahn - of ' Golden
,West ; Lodge-. The " same night ' Past Su
preme Master Workman" W. H. Jordan In
stalled, the following named as the officers
of the association for the current' term :
Major M. 3. Blackman.'. past president;
R; H.- McPherson. president; David S.
Hirshberg. vice president; Frank J.: Ma
guire,- secretary;. E. A. Smith; -financial
secretary; I R. ! H. Ohear sergeant at arms,
and Dr. H. Grimshaw, watchman. -
-; Atthe meeting of Golden Gate Aerie of
the Fraternal Order of Eagles on the 6th
inst. there were present visitors from Hot
Springs, Ark. ; Portland, Or. ; , Seattle arid
SKagway. It being election night, there
was .an^unusually- large ; attendance of
.members>- ; F1ve strangers were initiated
and ten applications for membership were
received. The following named were elect
ed for the ensuing term: Frank Shannon,
president; Bert Laws, vice • president;
George Martin, chaplain;- William
well,' conductor; B. j&\ Hanlon, secretary;
Fred Bates, treasurer; Thomas E. Bailer,
Inside guardian; John: Sherman;, outside
guardian; Dr. T. B; W.. Leland, physician.
Fraternal Eagles.*
Salesjan Council will be visited on the
16th - iDst. by S Grand President -O'Leary,
V. L. de Figueirdo, J. K. Cosgravecan.l
other grand officers. The grand I presi
dent and other grand ; officers will visit
the council in San Jose on the '21st.
J. Keegan, J. A. Dunlevy, M. Whnlen;
J. Roach, W. . Sullivan, J.; Glennan, ','- A.
HenneBsy . and'.T. J. Moroncy I have* been
appointed a committee to arrange for the
annual ball of Golden . Gate Council No.
34 to be given in Native Sons' Hall -on the
night of the 6th of -February.
¦ All arrangements have been complet&d
for the annual ball of Ignatian Council
to be given in Native Sons' Hair on the
night of the 24th inat. ; .
Cathedral Council of the Y.'M. I. will
give a grand ball on the night of the last
day of the current monj:h In Native Sons'
Hall. : The arrangements for the, event
arc being 'made by John D. Mahoncy, A.
W. Dollard, ; Frederick K. Farmer,, Dr.
McGough, A. H. Quatman. A. Artigues,
Joseph Redmond.' Joseph McCormlck,' W.
A. O'L'eary and E. -L». O'Connor. ' ¦'. ¦ .± -
Young Men's Institute.
On the night of the 13th inst. there will
T^^ itla <° + 7 YS»* * a * ne ha" of Calif ornla
Lodge of the Lnited Moderns, after which
i£n o^ c^ rs + eI ,f « ed *° r ensuing term
v.ill be installed. This lodge has made
fn h S^ ments *?£ a ¦ erand "tertainment
to be given on the night of the SOth inst
m the social hall cf the Foresters' bulljl
»»6-
United Moderns.
At the meeting of Yerba Buena Lodge
of the Knights of Honor on the 6th Inst.
there was a member present who had
been but twice In the lodgeroom In fifteen
years. He, however, by tho address he
made under the good of the order showed
that while he had neglected the lodge he
had kept up with the work of the Knights
and other fraternal organizations. The
lodge was entertained by the members of
Company A, and during the evening the
announcement was made that the contest
between the members of Company A and
Company B had resulted In a victory for
Company B. • * _-
Liberty Lodge will install Us officers on
the night of the 13th inst. . -
Charter Oak Lodge was consolidated
with Saxon Lodge on the 7th inst.
Leland Stanford Lodge on the night of
the installation of its officers was visited
by a delegation from Keystone Lodge
There were addresses by Grand Dictator
Archibald, Grand Vice Dictator Holcomb
Grand Reporter Johnstone, Supreme Rep
resentative M. L. Crowe, K. F. J»y ami
others. - *
Knights of Honor.
The officers of Rio Vista: Parlor were
installed by Martin Christiansen, D. D.
G. P., at Rio Vista last week, after which
the members and lady » relatives and
friends repaired to the 1 Model . Banquet"
Hall,' where an excellent" supper ' wa3
served under the direction of the com
mittee of arrangements/composed of F.
F. Nunes, Claude James and Charles A.
Pratt, the committee, on entertainment.
After supper and a few appropriate
remarks by President D. "W. • .Fraser, Dr.
J. L«. -Arbogast and Otto Jensen, the sec
ond vice president, all present, about six
ty, adjourned to Union Hall,. where there
was dancing till, midnight. This parlor,
which is made up of natives of the Sac
ramento Valley and the Montezuma hills,
is very prosperous. ' . .• .
The meeting of the grand officers and
the presidents ' of • patrlors which ¦ was '. -to
have been heM on the second Friday of
tho current month for the purpose of de
vising ways to advance the order was
postponed until the third Friday of the
current. month. ' ,' .,'. .
' Grand First .Vice President Lewis '"T.
Bylngton, Grand 'Secretary' Henry Ltin
stedt and Past Grand President John T.
Greany paid aiy official "-visit '-oh the " 9th
xgnst: to Santa Rosa Parlor, in the city of
that name. " '• ' . i :.^-" ' ¦ /¦.;
. Thei grand first vice paid several ofil
cial visits to local parlors last week and
was present ata.rumber of, the Installa
tions. . .... ,,•-.;.- -s. .: :'.'-.,.
The Native Sons.
Golden Gate Company of the Uniform
No. 3, at its last held meeting admitted
several new recruits, showing that thL>
company of that branch . of the order is
reaching out for new members- In order
to make a good numerical showing on the
occasion of the Grand Encampment In
August next . ,
Major James R. Carnahan. the head of
the UnJform Rank of the Pythians, will
be in this city on the 21st inst., in order
to consult with Supreme Chancellor Feth
ers and the San Francisco committee in
regard to the convention and encampment
to be held in this city next August
Golden Gate Company of the Uniform
Rank will give a ball in the Pythian Cas
tie on the night of the loth inst., in aid of
the encampment fund of 1902.
The officers of the lodge in San Mateo
will be installed In public on the night of
the 18th inst. r
On the 9th inst. the officers of Oakland
Lodge was installed in public In the pres
ence of a large number of people, after
which there was the serving of a colla
tion and a dance. The installing officer
was Deputy Grand Chancellor J. R.
Sloane. Among the prominent members
of the order was Past Grand Chancellor
Samuels and Grand Keepr of Records and
Seal Schaffner.
On the 7th inst Grand Chancellor Cal
kins paid an official visit to Dirlgo Lodge
in Oakland. . He was accompanied by Past
Grand Chancellors A. J. Buckles and
George Samuels and R. F. Burns of Au
burn. There was a large attendance, and
after the ceremony there was a pleasant
social hour.
After the Installation of the officers of
Syracuse lodge of the Knights of Pythias,
on the night of the 8th instant, there was
a dance, participated in by the ladles and
gentlemen who witnessed the induction of
the officers into office. This was In the
Pythian Castle, and was a very enjoyable
affair.
Knights of Pythias.
On the occasion of an official visit by
the great sachem and other great chiefs
to the wigwam of Nez Perces Tribe last
week there was after the business of
the sleep the mock trial of a warrior in
which George H. Cabaniss was the judge
and Brothers Bell and Treadwell were the
attorneys. The jury acquitted the de
fendant ard imposed a fine on all who
had taken part in the trial.
The Red Men's New Hall Association
will elect directors on the 18th inst. A
pood aeal of interest Is being taken by
the membership in the project for a new
wigwam.
A new wigwam at Ukiah was dedicated
to the order last week under the direc
tion of District Deputy Great Sachem J.
G. Ruddock. There were a number of
talks and ions talks by chiefs, all appro
priate to the occasion.
Great Junior Sagamore Thomas Roche
has become the instructor of-' Navajo
Tribe of Santa Clara, which has a team
that is to compete for a special prize of
lered by the great sachem. \-
Blazing 1 Arrow Tribe, whosa wigwam
within a very short time was visited three
thnes by the angel of death, who carried
av.ay three of the brothers, has recov
ered from its sorrow and is working again
with renewed vigor. Brothers of other
tribes are encouraging; the members by
visiting their wigwam and assisting them
at each council sleep in conferring de
grees.
At the last held council of Mohican
Tribe eight palefaces were adopted, the
work being by a. team of Pocahontaa
Tribe. On the next council sleep eight
more will be adopted.
Great Sachem Boyes. accompanied by
Past Great Sachems Buck and Lovle,
Great Chief of Records Bliss, a delega
tion cf six from this city and one of
thirty- five from Palo Alto, visited the
tribe En Redwood City last week. It was
an official visit and after the work was
over there was a feast of corn and veni
son In honor of the visitors. * •
The first council of Altabmos Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men was at
tended by an unusually large number of
braves, warriors and chiefs who crowded
the wigwam. The tribe's team, adopted
twelve palefaces and conferred the chiefs
degree on two candidates. During the
tsJeep ten applications were received. This
may be considered a good beginning for
the new great sun.
Emello Lastreto. great sannap, -who re
<-cntly returned from a business trip to
the interior of Mexico, was confined to
his home for more than seven suns ward
ing off an attack of appendicitis. His
inedicine man hopes to have him following
ihe hunt In a short time. -
Improved Order of Bed Hen.
k. *.. URING the past week the
Vs -^ r T*\\ grand officers of the United
(\J\ \ I . Ancient Order of Druids have
V/'V 1/ been making visits in the ln
f~~^~^s terior. On the 6th inst.. Noble
/ ~ T ~~*S Grand Arch J. -S.- Godeau, in
company with Grand Secre
tary Martinoni/ Grand Marshal Beck,
Past Xoble Grand Arch Frank Lewis and
Past Arches L. A. Wolff and J.-D. Collins,
visited Pleasanton Grove, in the town of
that name, which met for the first time in
its renovated hall and for the 'first, time
used electric lights/ The : visitors were
warmly welcomed, and. for their;edifica
tion there was the initiation of ,;* eight
strangers by the officers, under the direc
tion of Past Arch Joseph Mello, who filled
the chair of the noble arch. : The officers
were highly complimented for the very
effective manner in which they performed
their work. Under good of the order the
noble grand arch gave some first-class
advice and Instruction and all the visitors
had something encouraging- to say." r The
meeting, was followed by a first-class sup
per served in the banquet hall, and after
the black coffee there were a number ot
speeches in response to calls by Toast
maste,r Mello. , "
The following night the same officers,
who in the meantime- were ¦ joined by
Grand Trustee Armstrong .-. and Pas*.
Arches A. Rossi. D. Battilann, D. Domen
ici, G. Gallo and D. Bertolli of Concordia
Grove, visited Stockton and San Joaquin
groves in joint session In Stockton. Dur T
ing the evening H. ; Capraseca as noble
arch and the other officers of the -grove
conferred the third degree in a satisfac
tory manner. Then there were addresses
for the good and welfare -of the grove by
the grand officers and Past Arch Wolff.
A collation was served after the meeting.
On the night of the 8th Inst. Concord:a
Lodge, working in the Italian language,
was visited in the Stockton .Masonic
building by the same. officers. The hall
was tastefully decorated and in the center
hung a great bunch of mistletoe sent to
the grove from Angels Camp. There were
present a large number, of the brothers
from the Stockton-, groves, Including al
most the entire membership of Stockton
and San Joaquin groves. The officers of
the first time, conferred the second de
gree In: the amplified form. on a number
of ovates -who -were entitled to receive the
bards' degree. After the work Noble
Grand Arch Gddeau gave ' an outline of
the work that is being done for the order
and predicted that the returns will show
that this will be the banner year of Dru
idism in California. Interesting: remarks
were made by Grand Secretary. Martinonl,
Grand Marshal Beck, Grand Trustee Arm
strong and Past Arch Wolff, after which
all went to Campi's, where there was a
first-class supper and more speeches. P.
D. Campbell waa the toastmaster, and j a
right good one he was. '
At the last held meeting of McKinley
Grove several propositions for admission
were received and referred to appropriate
committees. - • "
Since the first of last November Volta
Grove has admitted thirty members by
Initiation, three being received at the last
held meeting.
Order Eastern Star.
grand matron on the 11th inst. in
stituted a new chapter at Bishop, Inyo
County.
At the meeting of Harmony Chapter on
the 9th Inst. there, was only routine busi
ness, after which there was a social hour
for the members and the many visitors
who were present It is expected that at
the next meeting of this chapter there
will be the initiation of several candidates.
- The recent installation of the officers of
Bethlehem Chapter at Paso Robles -was a
very pleasant affair, that was attended by
the entire membership and a number of
visitors from the chapter at San Miguel.
Mrs. C. A: Farnum, past grand matron,
was the installing officer; Mrs. Mahony
of San Miguel was the marshal and | Er
nest W. Conant, past grand patron, was
the chaplain. Mrs. Virginia Boys is the
matron and DrJ Boys the patron. The
music of the evening was furnished by
Mrs. Ladd. Fred Booth and Miss Church
ill. After the ceremony 'there was a ban
quet and a number of short addresses.
Odd. Fellowship.
The first Monday night entertainment
of the year, by Fidelity, Lodge,, and the
last under the auspices of the officers of
last term, was a decided success.' Memo
rial Hall in the Odd Fellows* building, in
which the function was held. -was crowd
ed to its limit by a very attentive-audi
ence of friends of the 'members, who were
'delightfully entertained with a programme
prepared by C. F. Phillips, J. Macphee,
John Carron and M. Rollins. There were
vocal selections by W. C. Riley. Miss Ol-
He Reed. Tillie and Arthur Macphee, Mrs.
W. H. Osthoff and F. S. Betton. and spe
cialties by Carl Moor and the Misses
Spink and Leach. After the programme
there was dancing until midnight and re
freshments were served to all. Fidelity
had had a successful term, both in the
work and in the social line. '~
Mrs. Mitchell, president of the Rebekah
Assembly, announces the following: addi
tional visits for January: To Orinda Lodge
at Sheridan. January 21st; Minerva, ¦ at
RoseviHe. 22d; Capital City, at Sacramen
to. 23d: Safmaria, at Tracy,- 25th; Oakland,
at Oakland. 25th; Loyal, San Francisco,
27th,~and Sacramento, at Sacramento,
2Sth. _.:-vl^-.:
Patriarchs Militant.
On the night of the 7th Inst. the follow
ing officers of Canton No. 5, Patriarchs
Pine Burr Parlor No. 104 has the honor
of being the first to have sent to the
grand secretary's -office the semi-annual
report and Marguerite Parlor was the
second. If all the parlors were as prompt
in sending the reports it would save a
great deal of time and annoyance.
The officers • of ? San Luislta Parlor had
Ita officers Installed on the 1st Inst. by
Agnes .M. Lee, D.-D.'G. P. Those of Vi
salia Parlor were installed on the 6th.
. Veritas Parlor of Merced will have its
officers installed on \the 15th inst. Its
first of the year party given in its hall,
which was most tastefully decorated, was
a great success and was attended by
many of the residents of Merced. •
On the 3d of \ January the officers of
Dardanelles Parlor. were installed in So
nora. Among the . distinguished visitors
¦were Past Grand. President Mrs. Belle
Wi; Conrad and Mrs. Aggie Lunstedt.
The officers of Blue Lake Parlor.will be
installed on the 15th.- ' This parlor has a
membership that is said to be the hap
piest and most congenial and In conse
quence if Is progressing very nicely.- '
The members of Califia P.arlor of Sac
ramento sent to the Native Daughters'
Home a generous box . of goodies for
Christmas. .It was a contribution from
the members and was made up of a vari
ety of fruits, jellies, jams, pickles, sauces
and olives. - '."¦• . . : • .-•
are announced as follows:
bans Souci Parlor on the last Monday In
Januury; Orinda. and Oro Kino panor-s,
joint installation by. Mrs.. I. M. . Kalloch,
D. D. G.K; Darina Parlor January, 20;
Calaveras Parlor, the- Beauty parlor 'of
the city, January 21, which installation
will be public, and January 30 Buena
¦^lsta Parlor. . •
The following named have called at the
oflice of U rand Secretary Misa Laura J.
i'rakos since her return*: Mary Larroch
of Yosemite Parlor, Mrs. C. K. Thomson
of La Estrella Parlor, Mrs. W. H.^ O'Brien
or Pinole Parlor, Mrs. Genevleve W. B«i
ker, grand president; Clara L. Faulkner
and Mrs. Allan Ross, Alta Parlor; Celia
Kahn of Oakland Parlor, Mary Manthy
ot Joaquin Parlor, Margaret Miller of
Chispa Parlor, Nora O'Day>and Mrs. lie-
Cormick of La Vespera Parlor, Nellie
Blumb of Sans Souci Parlor, •= Minnie M.
Kalloch, Lucie Hammersmith, Mrs. Marks
and Hannah Bailey of. Darina Parlor,
Jennie M. Stark of v Oro Fino Parlor,
Mrs. Lilly O. Reichling Dyer, city; Ida
Kervan of Alta Parlor, Lena- Hilke Mills
or Joaquin Parlor, Louise Roussel of
Benita Parlor, Louise ' Phodenouse I of
Darina Parlor, Nellie Mulcey of Oro Fino
Parlor and LJllie Uhlig of Golden State
Parlor. .
A new parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West is to ' be instituted in
this city this week by Mrs.- Gerievieve
W. Baker, \ the. grand 'president/ It > will
be christened -Las Tarrosas." I t^was or
ganized by Mrs. -Jennie M.V Stark, and
there are • sixty-four names on the i peti
tion for a charter. . It will be instituted
in the' assembly hall V the Red Men's
bulldinc. . ' -^ . . - .> ;->.;
JNatiye Daughters.
Militant, of the " I, O.O. F.* were -in
stalled, by General Brower. assisted : by.
Colonel rWever.' Colonel Potter, Lieuten
ant.. Colonel Harris and Adjutant Foster.;
for the current term:, C. H. Kronbeqk,
captain; A. H.:BreckwqJdt,; lieutenant; ;0;
F ".**»lllps, r ensign; George- Wilson, clerk,
?u • " i .; Benedict, accountant. After
the installation .thjere was .an adjourn-"
ment. to the banquet hall,- where the chev
aliers in -full uniform partook of a repast
!> n u ? ad . a T s their guests the ladles'oMhe
Rebekah. Installing r Corps, Grand . Repre
sfntative W. ; W. , Watson and Harry. W.
OsthoiT, who took part in the feast. After
tne supper there were short addresses by
tue , Installing ¦ officers, the <^ grand repre
sentative,-. Mrs. Harriet Beeckley of Orix
ental Lodge of the Rebekahs,' who spokl
for all the ladies,- and songs by Cheval
'• er l on ? s '-arid , r Mr. ;Osthoff. Captain
Kronbeck, who. has been re-elected as the
commander of , the canton, ;: has been a
very energetic-; worker for it; He an
nounced that it Js now the largest in the
State, and the richest, and 'that with the
help of the Odd - Fellows of San I Fran- 1
Cisco he will work to the • end ¦ that it
shall double its memberships before the
close of the term.- ::-..
THE; SA^:!FB^.CISCQ4CAt^ ,1 ~2^ ' 1902.
FRATERNITIES
34
LAST MATISEC AXD SIGHT OP"
"CAVALLERIA RUSTIC AN A" and "COM-
EDY AND TRAOEDT."
Week Commencing MONDAY EVEN1NJS Next,
Heracfael Mayall. Laura Kelson Hall and
, . the Full Strength of
THE GRAXD OPEKA-HOUSE STOCK CO..
In a Magnificent Production ot
"CLAIRE AND THE
FORGEM ASTER,"
Mr. and Mrs. Kendall's Greatest Success.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 13c. 23c. 50c. 73c
- Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE^™
" FR'OAY AFTERNOON,
JAN. 17, 3:15 fcHARP,
LAST SYMPHONY
CONCERT
Or the First Series Under the Auspices of th»
San Francisco Symphony Society,
PAUL STEINDORFF, Director.
Orchestra of 55 Musicians. Glulio Mlnettl,
Concertmeister.
RESERVED SEATS— $1.50. $1.00. 75c and
50c. On sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.' a Tues-
day Morning. Jan. 14. at 9 o'clock.
s
fflS^H SAT R frX >
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday).
TO-NIGHT, at 8:03. Last Perfotmanca ot
Belasco 3c De Mille's Great Masterpiece,
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 33c. 60c. 75c.
Eejtnnlns TO-MORROW EVG.. First Produo.
tlcn in This City of the New Romantic
Drama,
FOR THE
WHITE ROSE.
A Superb Production — Gcrseous Scenery — His-
toric Costurru;s — Socially Selected Cast.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth. >
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c
gig^ RACING
\^»" " 1 ™HS»~* C very >\eelc Day—
NEW CAMFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
• RacM start at 2:15 p. in. sharp. '.
Farry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m anil
12:30. 1. l::;0, 2. 2:3O and 3 p. m.. cqnnecti"2
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved fcr
ladles and their escorts; no smokinjr. Buy your
ferry tickets to SheU Mound. ,AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrt-
car* ko direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m, and immediately after the last
race. -
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
FISCHER'S CON A S^ T ton H ,?, USE
The Moons: Dora Merrln; Mendel and Mack-
Frank Ferez; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton :
Hlnes and Klmball. and Hlnrichs' Orchestra
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS,
.° n , o " e , 8 i d « ot these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and raanu-
iacturers' district-on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices. bank3 and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of ¦
the city— depots, ferries and parks—
; oass the entrance.
American and European plans.
fefifly Gi $1.00 # Year
• AMITSE2g]a?ri3. ' -
EVENINGS 8 SHARP!
Matinee Saturday at 2 Sharp.
MONDAY^ JAN,n3i LAST WEEK
Of Ferris Hartman's Gay Extravaganza,
PAUL STEINDORFF, Musical Director.
DON'T OVERLOOK
THIS LAST CHANCE.
LET THE CHILDREN SEE THE SHO.WI
new songs'. new -dances! pretty
scenery:
MONDAY, JANUARY 20,
"THE AMEER."
With' the Finest Operatic Organization in
This Country! . ' ' . ;
I ¦.-¦¦ POPULAR PRICES— 23c, 50c and 76c.
¦ Telephone, Bush" 9. '
BEl&SCO AmaTrlALL&jfejtfyg,
¦ .Theater Thoroughly Heated .With Steam.
MATTNEE TO-DAY — 10c. 15c. 25c.
¦- ~ TO-NIGHT — LAST TIME OF -
' : Leonard Gi*)ver's Fascinating Melodrama,
LO§TIn NEW YORK.
PDTi;. Ev'k's.'. 10c. 15c, 25c, S5c, 50c
I flivC 3 Matinee*. ....:.". 10c, • 15c, 25c
TO-MOnROW (Monday) EVG.— All Next Week.
Augustln . Daly's WorldiFamous Drama,
Under the fiaslight
Tfl»NIfJHT-^- 1h!s Week Only.
¦V,*; U Mbtinee: Saturday
R IC iff /\ R D»- " I fNDTHE I
LOUDEN - MM
OLD ilEOROUTY.
1 • SEATS READY.
-NE.XT SUNDAY— FREDERICK^ WARDE
In '"JULIUS CAESAR," : THE MOUNTE-
. ' * BANK," "V1KGINIUS"- and
. - VICING : LEAR." v - •
:^_— SEATS THURSDAY. \
• ATffTTSEMEirra.
1G-MORROVV I'lUllliAYi
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
» JAMES
And Incomparable Company In the Following
. . Repertoire:
¦ -¦ Monday and Saturday Rights,
"MACBETH."
,- Tuesday Xlght and Saturday Matinee.
"MARY STUART."
. Wednesday arJ Friday Nights,
"MERCHANT OF VENICE."
- • Thursday Night.
""HENRY VIII."
Each Play a Production or Scenic Splendor.
¦JST4..4. MON., JAN. 20.
KiRKE LA SHELLE OPERA CO.
In the Brilliant Optra Comique Success.
the PRINCESS CHIC
SEATS READY THURSDAY. t.'.;
UNION DOURSING PARK
JOHN GSACE. Judge ; JiS. T. GSAC3, Slip^r.
i " " ' ¦ — : . >;.-¦:'
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - January 12th
Crack Hounds in
¦-'Com petition.
laRaoOTulaSS
96— NOMINATIONS— 96 .
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10;15 a.
m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Returning; at
4:-t.*i p.m. and after the last course. - San . Ma-
teo electric cars every four minutes. .'
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. tADIES FREE. -
CHUTES^ND ZOO
Biq Vau^Ville Bill.
Last Day. of Goleman's Wonderful '
~, Performing' Dogs and Cats. '
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES OX A BICYCLE.
Thursday Night— The Amateurs
Telephone for, Scats — Park 23. .*
'
ALL-AJV15RICANS
NATIONALS
TO-DA Y A T 2:3O.
RECREA TION-f*ARK,
I EIGHTH- AXD HARRISON STREETS.
\ THE GREAT PIANIST. '
JOSEF HOFMANN,
Can Be Ensaged for Private Musicales in San"
•- Francisco and Other •: California
Cities. Address •": »i
henry! woifsohjj, 1
Care of Sherman-Clay Music Company.
'•¦/•¦-¦;
' ¦ APVEBTISEMElirrS. ' ; ¦'.'• :
uuLUfclN iiAit
Continuation of the GREATEST SALE.
BVERY GARMENTr MARKtD DOWN;
The response to this sale was ENORMOUS.
UNHEARD OF PRICES.
Tailor Made Suit Prices Cut in Half.
$10.00 Navy Eton Suits cut to ioo ' ODD JACKETS at
• ¦',. ...... ! . : ... . . : . . .*. . . ; . . J?4.45 Nominal Prices .". jpi.45; \
$12.50 Oxford Pedestrian Suits Jf2.43 and
cut to .;.... ....;..../.;.^T t 45 }
$1500 All-Wool Gray (^olfinj; :^. ! ; : — ; — "
- r ' Suits at ............... .Jp8.45
$17.50 Fancy Cheviot Suits at, ' r~T.*£s5r m '-^ FOP BSPZcLinS
'......» .....:..:. ..9».»5 ' JiPPF . r>. n] T.. n
$25.00 Corduroy Blouse Suits 111 nAuLArO
WW%^W™*%&**M ¦ and SKIRTS see chron -
S Hi K h-aa S t'° 5 1?^ Examiner.-
. Novelty Tailor Suits," silk L " "
lined and , elegantly trimmed , - * . _ -.'"¦'
.Broadcloth and Venetian $500 Electric Seal Collarettes
and ?28.4D ; • $3.O.">
CAPES* $10.00 River Mink Collarettes
$5.00 All-Wool Black Cheviot • ...^4.O.1
Capes, 30 inches lonpr, cut to — — —
. . .'. . ... . / ....'. . . ... .$1.95 . $4.00 Children's Coats cut. to
$6.00 Fancy Trimmed Venetian . t. ; ....... Sp 1 .95
and ; Frieze " Capes cut to $2.95r $5.00 Long Coats, satin trim-
$7-5O Black- Boucle Capes cut med, at. $2.Or»
-. to ..;...:. . . . ..v . . . .... . . 93.95 $6.50 Child's Coats, with caocs.
$10.00 All-Wool Golf Capes. fancy trimrned, cut to.... $2*95
inches long, cut to.. ..$4.95 $10.00 Tan Coat3. silk-lined.
$10.00 > Silk-Lined .Kersey cut to $5.43
J Capes cut to ............ $4.05 $15:00 and. $17.50 Silk-lined
$12.50 Silk- Lined Astrakhan Fancy Novelty Coats ctlt
Capes cut to ...$5.95 to ,.....$9.95
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. _ _ . : . j_
¦ s . ; ¦ ' ' ..'. •: ¦•'..'. '-:.'¦¦¦ ¦ %
i Dry -Goods -^^^^ Company. I
l^SPECLAir^ALE'l
I New Spring Undergarments |
o.- v (Second floor) gg
On Monday, January 13th, we will begin our x g
I Ladies 1 Undergarments, Gowns, Skirts, §
1 Drawers, Chemise, Corset Covers. |
These garments wore ordered and- made expressly S
# to sell at «
I SPECIAL SALE PRICES. |
I CfflLDaiifs^ARMEHTS, 1
| DRESSES, COATS AND HATS, I
g ALL ODD PIECES TO BE CLOSED OUT AT «
I Greatly Reduced Prices. I
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, §
S SE. Ocrner Geuy and Stockton Strcet3, Uni»n Square. ~ " «
| Week Commencing This Afternoon, |
I', .'JAJTUART 12. J
A GLORIOUS GAUXY OF STARS! j
I The European Phenomenon. <
l/flhjl THE GREAT!
J Jugsllns; Wonder of 2 Continents. '
y Direct from Australia, ',
3-FAUSTSISTERS-3
K Terpslchorean Premieres.
ARTHUR BUGKNER
\ The Great Bicycle Soloist.
X ' The Talk of the City.
! JACQUES
INAUDI
!; The Mental Marvel. >
GIRJtRD AND GARDNER |
Far-Famed Comedy Stars. 4
THRE.; WfcSTONS j
"Musicalitles." ',
ALF, HOLT , * ]
The WhlatHng Mimic. - ',
Tiiic Bii GRAPH i
Showing the Latest Vlgw. !
Last V/eek of Mr. and Mrs. ;
Gardner Crane I
Pretentlnj "A HAPPY PAIR." |
Parquet. 23c. any seat; Balcony. ;
lfc; «hlldren. any part except reserved.
10c. jX few front Orchestra rows, re- ¦
served. 5"c; rront rows of Balcony, re-
served, 25c. '
~ , APVESTISEMENTS. ¦ '.\-V
FOB ALL MEN SUFFERING FROM LOST VITALITY OR PHYSICAL WEAKNESS; |
SXOF> DRUGGING THE' STOmACH
Our Wor derful Vacuum Traatmsnt Will Cure You Gnce and for All.
0u- Wonderful -Trea ment Hrs Astonished t..e Wor.d.
Cur.s Where All Else Fails.
Our Wonderlil Vacu lm Trea'tme.ic oiires Q j.oxiy. Harmlessly and Permanently.
Restjxc^ .length to the Weakenel Nerves, Btin'js New Life • '
For a EhorTtime ™u- for aaJ%ti y ? U - Hesltate no lon E er - experiment no further, -^"sure^and certain cure await, you ih
OTTA-RR-P \vTtriH.™]' 1 °» advertielngr purposes, we are soing to distribute our VACUUM * NPT'I <<'R £v f\V
S&H-FMP y™«V wnTi,' 0 each . 8uPerer wh " to us at once. This is NOT AT R IA I • M lW?n<!??
.-CHEJJIE. *ou will NOT be required to PAY ONE CENT for the appliance. 1 * UL O;B -OEPOSIT
Cur Vacuum Treatment r~ i furp^ n»Vklv
Hipfro ' >;^^MHBB^^.; f?W qux.Kly
tected parts. '/M^^^^^^^^M. j^^l diseases of the Pros-
Cures like magic. \^Sffl^S^lfeS|a3l Vancocele, Losses,
Stands tKirivaled for the P^PSy^^*^^^?W n-ains of nnv Descrip-
cu"e or N'ervous Debility y^^^^^^JMigip^^v t:on, Gleet,
and a-l special diseases 'iJMki ..tMJ^J^^^nFF ricture and kindred
\ L IiLilJ 1 Will f .... ¦
or men. j _I^ [ disorders.
CURES, INFLAMMATION OK iHa ' PrfiSTATJE GLANDS.'
Thousand* and thousands of men are suffering from diseased Prostate Glands, and for' the cure of which . are told that an
ciwration is positively necessary. To those sufferers we hold out a complete and radical cure WITHOUT AN OPERATION
CURES VARICOCELE QUICKLY WITHOUT CUTTING.
Trj* our ntw treatment and watch the swollen veins disappear. Suffering men, despairing: men, now is your opportunity.
A| ' lIy ,i o 1 s /! """m C^ l or WHl TE-for the FEET3 APPLIANCE J.
Don t delay, write to-day. This Is a grand opportunity. Apply or address " .-
IMPERIAL VACO-APFMANCE CO,
40 ELLIS ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. \
O'ficc Hours— 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. E\xnings, 7 to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 m. • . •- NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— The volume of busi
nes transacted in the market - for evaporated
apples ¦ reached . very moderate : proportions ' to
day- - A steady feeling prevailed, ¦ however, and
prices were maintained, owing to : the 1 lack ¦ of
offerings.. State, common ; to*ood,;;7G;S|4c;
DRIED FRUITS
, WHEAT — Receipts, 89,000 bUBhels; exports,
BOO,48t bushels; spot, easy. No. -2 red, 00%c
1. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 02c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S8«4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S)5',*,c f. o. b. afloat, nominal. Op
tions opened. firm on cables, which made no re-"
sponse to our bearish crop report last ; night.
Later, they felt the effects • of realizing, but
again advanced on -dry and cold weather in
the Southwest, only to ease off under bear
pressure and closed weak at Vj@%c net loss
March closed at 88>/&c; May. 87H@S8»Jc, closed
S7»£c: July. 87%@8S»^c, closed at S7Hc :
HOPS — Steady. State common to choice 1001
crop. 11 ©15 Vic; Pacific Coast. ll@loc. / -
.HIDES — rirm. California, 21 to 23'pdundi,'
IOYjC
WOOL. — Dull. Domestic fleece, 25®2<Jc.
: COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady. No. .7 Invoice'
0*ic; mild, quiet; Cordova; 7 V.©llc. 'Futures
closed firm. - Total sales,- 27,250 bags. Includ
ing: January. 6.63c: March. 6.5Oc: Anrtl 6 4Oc-
May. 0.70c: June. 6.80c; July, 0.8J5@ti.0Oc; Sep
tember, 7c: October, 7.08c. ¦ • • . . v T ",
SUGAR— Raw, easy. Fair. refining, 3c; ce i- :
trifugal,\96 • te«t.> S^4c; molasses sugar. 23ic
Refined was dull. No. 6, 4.15c j No. 7 4 05c :
No. 8, 3.65c; No. 9. ."J.OOc: No. 10. S. 85c; No ll"
n.SCc; No. 12, 3.8Oc: No. 13. 3.75c; -No 14
375c: standard A, 4.55c; confectioners* 'A, 4.55c
mold A, 8.10c; cut loaf, •5.25c: crushed,- 6.2l>e
powdered, 4.85c; granulated, :• 4.85c;* cubes -M'
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,154 barrels; exports, 20,072 barrels. Dull.
Winter patents, $3 75<S i: winter straights, $3 55
-@:j 75; Minnesota patents, 53 850-1 20; winter
extras, - $2 00®3 20; Minnesota bakers', $2 £>5@
5 35; winter low grades. $2 70@2 80.
.-:. ONIONS— $1 50@l .75 per ctl: Oregons, $1 60
©1 90: Green Onions, '40650c per box. - '
. VEOKTABLES— Green. Peas from- Log An
geles, 2@5c; String Beans from. Los Angeles
10©13c; Cabbage, 40@60o per ctl: LosAn-
Beles Tcmatoes,.- 75c©?l 50 per box and 76«@
$1 75: per crate; Drle'l Peppers, 10®12'/ic p»r '
lb: Los Angelea do.MO^lSa; Dried Okra. 12V4®
16e per lb; : Carrots, - .">o@50c per sack ; ; Cucum
bers, 50c@<l: hothouse do. 50c@|125 par dozen-
Garlic, lViS^'^c: ?Lo3 Angelea . Green Peppers,
; -:*Egg-* Plant "' from; Los Angeles,- lSigi
20c: ¦ Summer : Squash from Los "Angeles," 75ciji
91 DO} Marfo-w-raf Squash. ?S«jlO per ton: Hub
bard Squash, ?!S@ 10; Mushrooms, nominal.
!-¦ POTATOES— 00c@$l 10- for Burbanks from
the river: Salinas 3urbanks..$l 30@l G6: Ore
gon Burbanks. ¦ $1 2S®1 65:., Oregon Oarnct
Chiles. *t 40g:l 50: niver » Reds, • $1 45®t-tiU:
Early Rose.for seed,>l 05@l 25; Sweuts, $] 15
lor Meroed. ; ~ ' -' J &*&'*9t**ftf&iB&3mM:
Some GrerJi-Peas from Los Angeles are over
ripe. StrinK ¦ Beans are ¦• scarce. Summei
Squash Is • weaker under, larger . receipts, t Egc
Plant is scarde and hichor.'- . .c - r
.Arrivals of -Onionx were liberal, being iw.i
sks," of ¦which KWX;- were from Oregon; Th»
market showed no chance. , .
Receipts or Tota toes were heavy again, being
10.C17 sks. Including i.:2C2 from Oregon. ; The
market. was steady at previous prices. "
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
The annual election of officers and trus
tees of the Chamber of Commerce will
take place next Tuesday afternoon. "No
general change will be made In the ex
ecutive staff of the organization. Tho
consensus of opinion of tha members is
that the present administration has been
more than usually successful and It -is
desired that the work shall be continued
along; the lines already laid out- E. It.
DImond succeeds H. P. Allen as first vice
president and C.\H.' Bentley, R. P. Jen
nings, James Otis and J. B. Smith ar«
slated as new members on tho board of
trustees of the chamber.
The ticket, to which there Is no oppo
sition and which is to be submitted to
the members at Tuesday's meeting- for
oiflcial ratification, la as follows: Presi
dent, George A.-Newhall; first vice-presi
dent, E. R, Dimond; second vice presi
dent. William E. Mighell: trustees— C. H.
Bentlcy, W. J. Dutton. A. B. Field, Wil
liam J... Gerstle. R. P. Jennings. William
H. Maraton. George W. McNear Jr
James Otis. H. Rosenf eld, James B.
Smith. A. G. Towne and Charles M.
Yates. •¦
¦ Na Trace of Que Qui Found.
The police have thus far been unable to
find -any trace of Que Qui. thfr Chinese
woman who disappeared with $3000 belong
ing to Chew Wine. S02 Washington street
Detectives Ed Gibson and Crockett went
to the Pacific Mail dock -yesterday morn
ing and searched the steamer City of Pe
king, but the 'woman was not there.- it
was thought that she might attempt to
leave for China. ~33ftf4BflhrtBaH
Ticket Shows That Members Wish to
Indorse "Work of Present Ex
ecutive Staff. .
CHAMBER OF COMMEBClf
TO HOLD ITS EliZCTIOIT
bmbc time ia expeclation of an outside de
mand found a i>oor market In which to dis-
IK>ee of their holding's. There vu a decline In
I'rieee arid then dullness and irregularity, in
;he' normal course of such movements. The
*tiort coJitrcjctB put out bv the bears while the
liquidation ves in progress were co\ f ered later,
cauting the recovery in prices. With the
< wariujr out of these lanre speculative con
tracts th(! volume of transactions in the mar-
Ket fell away and the market became largely
:-n aCair of board-room professionals, whose
tactics operate to keep the price range within
::arrow limits. Any (sustained . movement in
any Erection must await the action of genu
ine bolder* or genuine demand for
slock. tineculative sentiment showed con
iusion and hesitation as to -which dl
i-ectjon the new movement would ul
timately take. The Belling of the week was
due more to prcnt-taking and the failure of
expected favorable dex-elopmcnt* and " their
(¦fleets- than ;o any positively depressing In
(!uenot-. Much lias been counted on from the
•lanuary relaxation of the money market, due
to the reasonable disbursement of yearly
I rcptg aid to the usual return of currency
rum the channels of the active holiday trade.
lh«-e influences have been at work In the
im;tiey market, which has become notably
t-aiier. but the additions to resources cave
»iot beer so ereat as • vvaK hoped and the
¦•"••ra.1 public has r.ot been tempted to em
'tric in speculation. What relaxation has. oc-'
'•urred fcj meney has been offset as an influ
m ? lhe Pro s l»«:tive foreign demand for
tola, torpign money markets fell into a con
01 ion of great «>ase immediately after the turn
tne >ear. but they already show a ¦ rising
!^",r ncy .. a = ail > as a insult of large require
ments, a ery largre revenue collections are to
"• met In the English money market and a
new British war lean of Bome sort is in Im
.i^oiate prospect. London has counted upon
large supplies of French capital, owing to the
i«r»e accumulations in Paris, but Paris shows
indications of having other plans for employ
ment of capital, especially In the taking up of
a larpe Russian loan. Exchange autboiitlen
nuirtaln that heavy maturities are coming
NEW TORK, Jan. II.— The small' net
changes !n stocks to-day ehowed that the
pelling by traders to realize practically coun
ter-balanced their earlier buying, and that
ths professionals had the market practically
to themselves. The market evidently con
tiues to settle toward dullness by progres
sive stages. The- buying this morning was in
anticipation cf a favorable bank statement,
and !n the hope that a strong showing by the
banks would reassure speculative sentiment
ar.S attract some buying cf stocks. The bank
statement did not disappointment expectations,
but it failed to induce any new buying. The
increase is c&sh reserves fell considers bly
telow the estimates, in epite of a hop« that
last weci'a similar shortage might have
thrown a residue of gains over to this week
ty the eyEtem of 'eversg-es used In computa
tion. A ehlpmem of $500,000 In gold corrobor
ated the Impression that there would be ex
jorts cf trold In quantities next week. A
imall rank failure in Painesvllle, O.. supple
mentary to yesterday's failure In Cleveland.
¦raa an aid to the late reaction. American
Tobacco, unassested stock, made a further
of 25 points to 200 on the sale of a "Ein
ple lot cf one hundred shires. National Salt
rreferrc-d advanced 8 points on light transac
tions. -
The January boom !n Flocks which has been
!<oi>ed for by professional speculators did not
make its 8p;>earance this week, and the pro
lef-sionals who had been buying stocks for
Nciv York Stock Market.
COALr-Welliiigton.' $». par' ton; Southfleld
Wellir.gton. $»; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $0 00; Coos
Bay." $5 50: Wallsend." :$8 50; Co-operative
Wa.lsend. SS CO; Cumberland., $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania > Anthracite Egg
»13; cannel. $11 per, ton;; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk 'and $17 in sacks; 'Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $,s 454 ber : 21)00*^* and *S 50 per
ton. according to Brand.
¦ •"' OILS — California Castor Oil,', in cases. No 1
- 70c' pure. -.$1 20:" Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled'^
72c; raw. 70c, cai*eF. 5c' more; -Lucol. 03c for
¦ bolted '.aud'5tjc for. raw. in barrels: LarJOil.
extra winter strained, barrel.-!. (>5o; cases 00c*
China Nut,' 55®72c per gallon;! pure .N'eatsfoot'
In barrels, 70c; j cases, 75c: . riperm, pare ; t r 5^-'
Whale -Oil. natural white. 40Jj.50c per gallon :
Fish Oil. barrels,- ;i7lie; cases. 42«,ic: Cocoanut
Oil.- barrels. K5^c lor Ceylon anj . 3»i4c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water'' While: Coal- Oil/. In "bulk.:
ISfic;- Pearl Oil. "in casis.v20c:: Astral. 20c:'
Star.: 20c: Extra star. 24c. Elaine. 25c: Eocene.
22c;. deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; la
cases. - 21 }ic ; - Benzine. In bulk. 14c : In cases.
2016c: '' SB-desree' Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In
ca»es. 26',4c. - - -
.TURPKNTINE-^-6I>4c Der, callon In- cases
and o5\ic In 'drums and Iron' barrels.*
-,: SUGAR—The -.Western Sugar Refintns Com
pany, quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags: ¦ .
Cubes/ crushed and Fine Crushed. 0.05c:
Powdered, ¦ 4.80c: r Candy. ; Granulated. . 4.0Oc:
Dry Granulated. 4.8Oc: | Confectioners' a; 4.80c:
Fruit Oranalated. 4.S0c; Beet Granulated (1OO-
Ib bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C, 4.30c;; Golden. C. 4.20o:,D. 4.18c; barrels, 103
', . GRA IN BAGS— Calcutta' Grain' Bags. :"c; lo
cal make. Vic less. than Caicuttas; Wool Bags.
32©35tf: : r Fleece Twins. "-'7% ©Sc. ,
General Merchandise
. PORK — Live Hogs.' from 150 to 250 lbs, 6®
6Vic: under -J 30 lbs, S'.iUSvic: sows, 20 per cent
oft: boars, -. -"IU p«*r cent otf. and." stags, 40 per.
cert 'off -fiom the above quotations; -dress«d
Hogs, 7®8VjC. - :
¦"" Some ' firmness In Hoes is -now reported and
one or two local packers have advanced their
bids' to CUc while others say. that they get
all they want at 6c. The other Meats stand
sa • before. . ' ' : ¦ .
-. VMiuitshle rates from slaughterers to dealers
ar»- us follows: ' ' - ,
, BEEF— 7Vi4fSc for StMrs and «ijf7 c p^r
lb tr.i ("own. f- ".- v- ; r .-
VEAL— L»rse. -7'9fic: small. s@ 10c per Ib.
MUT1O?:— Wethers. S{rjSM:c:'E\ves, ;gsc per
lb<;— -••¦•¦ i*?^Sir»-: .-•¦- • ¦
j.a wp.— '•fJify.r- p»»r iv>. .'¦'¦¦. '¦¦-¦ .
San Francisco Meat Market
HOPS — 9<g)Utc for' fair and Il©t2c pr lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10®15o
for shipment. . •
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5>JS8<i per 1b;
No. 2, 4ii©5c; crease. 2^<83c. :
WOOL— Fall, Ban Joaquin. 6@Sc: San Joa
quln Lambs'. 7& ( 8 ; *tic: Middle County, 8@loc
per lb: Valley Oregon, spring. 15®15tic; do,
fall. ¦ 14«Jl."te per lb. . ¦
HIDE3 AND SKINS — Culla and brands sell
about Jl%c- under quotations. Heavy salted
SUers. lie; medium, 10c;. light.. 8c; Cow
Hides. »%c for heavy and 0c for light:
btags, 7c; rialtcd Kip, O»5c; Salted Veal, »Hc;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides; 10%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Caif, is@18^,c; Culls and
Brands,-, lttc; Sheepskins. • shear. ings. 16@3oo
each;- short: Wool. 40@G0o • each ; medium, iK5©
7t<; tolig Wool. 80c(Jj$l 10 each; Horse Hidts,
salt. $2 75W3 for -large and ?2 50 ior medium,
fl 75©- for small «nd 50c for Colta: Horse
Hldess,-dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25ifol 50 tor me
dium, $1 25itor small ami 50c tor Colt.s. Deer
skins — Sumiher.or red skins. 35c: tall or inc
dlum skins, 30c; ¦ winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c: large and
smooth 50c ; medium. 35c. x . ¦
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Hides, -Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SATURDAY. Jan. 11—12 m.
Bid.A?k.l . Bld.Ask.
Andes ... 01 021 Justice .' 05 08
Alwha 01 02 Julia — 01
Alta C"> 0« Kentuck 01 02
Host & Bslch. 11 13 Mexican ..... 83 34
Bullion '....I. 02 OUOhplr.., 84 85
Helcber -. 10 12iOverman .... 10 12
Con C& Va..l 60 1 60 .'Occidental ... 00 It
Caledonia.... 25 26 Potosi ....... 14 '15
(.¦hallpnge .... 1-1 1t Sierra Nev... lf> 20
Confidence ... 60 «?Ti Bavage 07 08
Caledonia ... OS 10 Standard .... — 3 BO
Crown Point.. 07 10 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Exchequer... - -*- f2 Silver Hill. ... 4S 4»
(Jould & Cur. 00 07 Utah 04- 05
Hale & Nor.. 30 31 Union 15 19
Imperial 01 02'Yel Jacket... 07 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornin? Session.
Board—
9 Hanford 80 00
€00 Home 8 60
1000 Junction 20
200 Kern ..;... 5 37^4
35 Peerless 8 50
150 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 6 50
. 50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev — .... 6 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1400 Beat & Belch. VI COO Mexican 32
ICO Caledonia .... 25 400 Overman ..... 11
200 Chollar 07 900 Potosi 14
200 Con Cal & V.I 60 500 Savasre 07
100 Gould & Cur. 07 500 Sierra Nev... 19
800 Hale & Nor.. 29 100 Silver Hill 4»
400 Mexican 33 100 Yellow Jacket 03
Following: were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Moruin? Session.
fKO Rest & Belch. 12| 700 Overman..... 11
2«"K) Challenge Con 1311500 Overman .... 10
. 100 Con C & V.I 62l£ 200 Potosi 1.1
1MO Hale & Nor.. 20' 000 Savage 07
,C0O Hale & Nor.. SO" 2CO Sierra Xe».... 2O
30O Mexican Sf j COO Yellow Jacket 03
EASTERN MARKETS.
New Yorh Cotton Market
Iron was dull. Pig iron warrants, JlligiJ.;
No. 1 Northern foundry, ' $15 Ro@16: No. 2
foundry. Southern. ?15©15 B0; No. 1 foundry,
Southern, *15 2o®16; No. 1 foundry .-Southern
ouit, $15Q17. . .
Spelter was quiet at the former -price of
#4 40. •.-':¦' .-•¦¦,-"•¦
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— It was thought tliat
prices for lake copper might be reduced to
day, but no .official announcement vas made
of any-. change. Hsnce; the -prices stand at
12%c for laUe, 12c for electrolytic and ll%u
tor casting. Itiivae reported that sales of cast
ing had been wade at 11 cents. - 4 \
Tin was dull, but unchanged, with spot quot
ed f.t 122,75^23: ¦
'Lead was quiet, but steady and unohaneed,
at *4. ' - . ¦ . • -'., ¦ ¦ ¦; ;
Nezv York Metal 1 ' Market
CHICAGO, ' Jan. ll.-"-CA TTLE— Receipts.
COO; steady." Good • to prime," nominal, $6 60$
7 U0; poor to msdlum, $4@0 25;t btockers and
feeders."f2 i!5<gi 50; cows. $1'25^>4 75;. heif
ers, $205; canneis', $1 '2"i(S- 30; bulls, $2^i 20;
caives, $2 25@ti 25; 1 Texas-fed steer.*, $.; 25'tf,
TiOGS— Receipts to-day, 22.000: Mondav.
35.OU0: left over, UOCO; 5@10c lower. Mixed and
butchers'. $0©6 45; good to choice heavy, $ti i'5
®0 55; rough heavy/ $5 UO^li 15; light, *5 40
W>: bulk of sales, $5 0506 :.O. ,
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000: 'steady; lambs
rsteady. ¦ Good to- choice wethers. $ Ki I 75; fair
to choice mixed. $3 25@4 25; Western sheep,
fed, SMfil 75; native lambs. $i 5u'aG 10; West
ern lambs, $5 20@0.
st. Joseph. ¦ : ,¦
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Jan. 11.— CATTLE— Re
celplE, 140; market steady. Natives. $3 35®
7 1.5; cows and heitere, $1 50®5 35; veals ia
@<J: Ktockern and feeders. $2 25tfi4 ."5. "^
HOGS — Rece pte, tiDOO; market steady. Light
and light mi;:ed. $5 754JU U5: medium and'
heavy. $0 J5(p(J f>0; pifire, - $3 75«r5 05.
3 SHEEP — Receipts. 750; market bteady. .
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
The temperature continues from 5 to 12 de
grees belc-v the normal in the great valleys.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirtv
!ir.urs ending midnight. January 12, 1D02-
Northern Califorcia — Cloudy Sunday; warmer
in the great \-alleyg; fresh eoutheast wind
SouUiem Caliicrnia— Cloudy Sunday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; light southerly
¦winds.
Han Francisco and vicinity — Fair In the
morning, cloudy at night, with conditions be
ccralRg more favorable for rain; light north
easterly, changing to southeasterly winds
ALEXANDER G. McADD3. .
Forecast Official.
XTie pressure has risen slowly along the coast
<<: California and has fallen rapidly over the
itocky Mountain region. Ila!n Is reported at
j ndepesdenoe and a li^ht shower at Los An-
Kcles. Frg- prevails ia the Sacramento and
ban Joaquin valleys.
A M^ATIIEll CONDITIONS AND V GENERAL
FORECAST. ' "
Temperature — 7 a. m., 40.
\ LIVERPOOL.
'Wheat— ¦ ~\ .. "v ; March. May.
Opening .;..'.. 0 4%. « 4%
Closing.. .'.... «4ii 0 4%
• PARIS.
' Wheat — ... " -'»?'J«n. ' .: Mar. -June.
.Opening v.2l S5 . .-. 2-' 85 i
fCloslng .........;^...4.... 21 S5 " ' 22 90" '
J Flour— ¦•'-j " ',' .'¦ ", •' •
Optoiiiiig ................ "I; 27 CO -- 28 70
Closing'. ....'27 70 2? SO .
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier; -.creameries, 15@23%c;
dairies. 14@20c.' Cheese,' steady, - lOfttfllUc.
Eggs, .firm; fresh, 30c.
WASHINGTON, Jan." 11.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, chows: Avail
able cash balance. SI 70, 189,201; gold, $108,079,
313. l '
Condition of the Trc'asurv.
Bar silver, 25 11-lCd pt-r ounce. Money, 2
ppr <-<-nt. .
Tho rate of discount In th# open market
for shrjt bills was T>flii \-\n per cent.
The rate of discount In* the open market for
2-months' bills was 3(93% per cent. U
NEW YORK. Jan.. 11. —The Commercial Ad
vertlser',8 London financial cablegram says:
Although the stock market was Inactive to
dny the undertone was good and the feeling
regarding 'the new account, which eonimene«-d
on Tuesday. w*a optimistic. American stocks
were very idle, but firm, for a Saturday.'Scat
tered buying in reported from - the ' province,
with a moderate inquiry for United States
Steel, which cloned strong. Other Americans
were mostly above parity. " v . • •,-
The Cape loan announced is to be £2,008,300
and, as foreshadowed In your correspondent'*
dispatch of yesterday, Is to bear 3% per cent
Interest and will b* incued «t 102.
London Market
There i*. therefore.' a discrepancy of.SSJ-tS,
¦nhich is between the total estimated and the
officially reported gain. It Is impossible rea
sonably to account for this wide difference.. It
it was due to the system of averages In mak
ing up the bank 8tat?mpnt It would seem that
the discrepancy of $5,164,200 between the esti
marrd and the official statement of January 4
should have been partly, at least, reconciled
last week, and yet It is seen that there was
then a further dlicrepaucy of *t.274.:!00. mak
ing, as above noted, a difference .of $C,4 > M..*00
for the fortnight.
It Is scarcely likely that the preliminary es
timates of caeh movements, .wnlch are care
fully prepared, can bs wholly responsible for
the discrepancy, and It would Mem to remain
with the banks to show. If they are eo disposed,
what has become of the cash which has been
traced to -these Institutions. Loans were de
creased last week by $5,300,800. probably re
fleeting the liquidation of maturing contracl*.
Deposits increased $77S.7C0. or $ tSO.SOO mow
than the difference between the gain In cash
and the loss In loans. The surplus reserve was
increased by $5,442.87."i to S12.H6R.450: at the
correFpcndlng date a year ago the surplus was
$iw •>»,« r-.r> »
¦ NEW TORK, Jan. 11.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Leans. ?S64.236,800; decrease, $5,309,
800. Deposits, $026,9S2.C00; increase, ?77S. 500.
Circulation, $32,013,700; increase, $13l>.500.
Legal tenders. $70,481,400; Increase. $2,223,000.
Specie, •$168,222,700: increase. $3,413,900. Re
serves. $244,704,100; Increase. 15,037,500. Re
serve required. $231,745,630; increase. $194,625.
Surplus. $12,968,450: increase, $5,440,975.
The Financier says: The movement of
money into the banks from the Interior was
nulte large this week and the traceable net
rfpelpts from this source were $3,000,800. The
ordinary operations of the sub-treasury, in
stead of showing a loss to the banks, as, has
btcn the case each week since July 20,' 1001. in
dlcatrd the small gain to these institutions of
£U.30O. The receipts by the banks for new
gold and for bond purchases amounted to
SI. 060.700. Deducting $650,000 deposited by,
the batiks in -the sub-treasury for transfer to
New Orleans left $410. 700^ n*arly offsetting the
$000,000 gold' coin -which . was shipped 'to Eu
rope January 3. The result pf. these -.various
movements was an'estlmated gain by-the banks
of 58,011.800 cash.. The estimated Increase in
tic previous week was $8,622,000, making th*
gain for the fortnight $17,533,800. The bank
statement ' last \v»«k, ¦¦ however, showed an In
crease of only $5,637,500 cash. In the previous
week this Item was augmented in the official
returns by only '$3,457,800, making for the tmi
weeks a gain of $9,005,300. a* reported by the
statement.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
barely' steady; winter patents, $3 S0<&4,
straights, S3 tOfl* 2u; clear*, S3 20@3 00;
spring specials, S4 30; patents, $3 50@>3 (JU;
straights, S3 l'0Q3 40; No. 3 spring wheat, 75®
80c; No. 2 red.:86%<g8$%c; No. 2 oats, 46%^'
47c: No. 2 white, 48H@-19c; No. 8 whlte.^f^
@489ic; No. 2 rye, 67%c; fair to choice malt
ing barley, 60@«34c: No. 1 flax seed,.$l 62; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 64%; prime t lmb thy se*d,
*0 55; mess pork, per bbl3, $10 70@ll 73; lard,
r<er 100 lbs, $9 6O$j9 55: shcrt ribs slcfes (loose),
J» 2o@8 35; dry salted. shoulders (boxed), 9%
@9%c; short clsar sldfs (boxed), $8 75@8 00;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32; clover,.con
tract grade. $10 00. .'¦-¦¦ : ¦¦ - ' .
Articles — ) Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour, barrels: 27,000 ¦ 27,000,
Wheat, bushels ...... 68,000 44,000'
Corn, bu«ftels .....:. 140.000. • 06,000
Oats, bushels ..."...... 16,000 S5.00O
Rye. bushels ...... ....0,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 89,000 • . 17,000 '
. COTTOLENE— One half-barrel 10%c; thre*
half-barrels. 10c;. one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9%cr-nvo. tierces, 9%c per lb.
. CUHKD AiKATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, l"-i-ic for light medium, 13%c for light.
H'/jc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams. ll%®12>,-jc; Mess Beef, $1O@1O 50 per
barrel; extra Mess, $11611 50; Family. H~<®
12 50; prime Mess Pork, $13; extra clear,
?J2 WUZ-i; Mefs. ?1S 50S10; Smoked JBeef.
i;; Vit& He per pound.
LAKD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for. pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c;10-lb tins. 12ftc; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
U-lb tins, 13',ic ' - .
..' Chicago was lower. That market has an.
parently lest strength and stocks are increas
ing. Some of the best holders are letting go
of their lines. .Packers are doing nothing and
there Is a general lack of orders. Receipts of
hogs were 52,UO0,' against 08,000 last year.
Packers are not doing much in the way of sup
porting prices and country speculators arc the
principal i cwners of the property. Cash de
mand :s slow.
Tlis "local -market' continues dull and more
or less weak" and some dealers are cutting
Hams.
Provisions.
HON'BY-fomb, 12«12%c for bright and 10®
ll%u lor light amber; water white extracted,
bQibc; lifeht amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. ¦.
NUTS— Chestnut*, lie 12c; Walnuts, No. 1
KOltshelt, b%c; No. 2. »<tf.3'.\ic: No. 1 hardshell,
\)c; No, .2, 7c; Almonds, 10%Q12c for paper
ehell, H'slitc for softshell and C#7c for hard
t>hell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
li-@12%c; Filberts, 12$12%c; Pecans, ll@U>c;
Coccanuts, $.°i 50^,5.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial. $3; Debesa. $- uU; lancy. $1.75; i
crown,- $1' CO; Ix>nrlon Layers — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown,' $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three- 
crown. 6*4c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musc?
tcls, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5'&c: Thompsow
Seedless, 0%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancj,
h%c; choice, 7%c; etandarU, «4ic; prime, 5%«.
unbleached Sultanas', 3c. . BleacneU Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie: fancy. -10c; choice. 9c;
standard. 7%c; prime, .«5ic. Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, <>%c; do, in bulk, fancy, U?i'.*;
choice, «%c per lb. ¦ '
PRUNES — 1001 .crop art* quoted as follows:
SO-40'S. 6@6%c: 40-50's. 4»i-(z5V»c: 50-CO's, 4ii
@4%c: 60-70' s, 3-f',i5x4'4c; 70-80*8, •3'i@:J') t c;
80-aO's. 2%®3Vic; lHl-100's. 2%®2?ic per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks: Evap
orated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun-dried. 4®4%c:
Peaches. 5®7%c: Pears. ¦i'/JtjiS'rie; Piunis,
pitted. '4(g5',-ac; unpitted. l@'Jc; Nectarines. 6@
5%c for red and SVii&O'.ic for white: Figs, 4c
lor black and (500)750 per box for white.
The market continues firm, with light stocks,
though the heavy buying of December no
longer continues. Still there are very talr sales
right along.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Batik Clearings.,
Local bank clearings during the past week
were $25,033,243, agalnet J20.W9.444 -Jurlng the
same week last year.
Weather Report.
(ISCth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 11—5 p. m.
The fcllowlng are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
reason, end rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Stn Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
;,J: minimam, 39; mean, 46.
Tbe following maximum and minimum tetn
peratoree were reported from Eastern eta
• ..w: Boston, 84-22: Cincinnati. 44-20; Phlla
.<?Uihia. 4«-3Si: New Torfc. 40-SO: Kansas City.
: i x-:M: Jacksonville, 6B-U: Omaha. SS-24; Du
liVh. 30-10; Chicspo. 40-20: Salt Lake Citv.
r.-SO; St. Ixsuis. 60-2S; Washington. 42-34. "M
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
S Wheat, No. 2—
January 79% 70% 78% :¦¦ 78%
May ;....... «3*s" '84 ¦ 82% . J»2%
July 83Vi 83% 82% . 8a %
Corn, No. 2 — . , ¦ ,.- . f
January .... .. ... - .. 62Vi
May 66% 66% 65% «tw%
July. .....;..: 66 06 • 63% ; SS^i
t)ats, No. 2— ¦ - .
May -46% ¦ 4(5% 45% 45ti
July . . ; ' 41% 41% 40% 40%
September .. 84 84 33%* 33ti,
,•¦¦• Mess Pork, per bbl — ; ' ¦¦-. '¦¦ :; -.<¦¦- . .
January : • > . . . . 16 70 '
May ........17 12 17 17 17 10 17 12
July 17 12 17 : 12 17 10 17 10 ;
•'Lard, per 100 lbs — . -\ , • ' •
January .... 9 55 . 955 950 950
May_.........9 77 9 82 9 72 9 75
July 9 82 9 82 9 80 9 80
Short Ribs, »er 100 lbs — ¦
January .... 8 80 8 30 825 823
May ........ 8 60 - 8 65 . 8 60 8 60
Stock — '4 : ':.': Sales. High. Low. Close, j
Atchison 12,500 78% 77% ?si»
Atchison pfd 7.100 OSvi OS«i W%
Baltimore & Oh:o.. 2,400 1O4»I 103% 103%
Halt tc Ohio pfd... 500 06% 96% 06%
Cauadlan Pacific... 200 114% 114% 1U?, j
Canada Southern... 100 86'.i SG% 63%;
Chesapeakf (i Ohio. 800 46»t 40% 10 %
Ohl & Alton 300 35?» 35% 35%
Chi & Alton pfd... i . ..•- 76', a
CM laA ft Loul*.".. 000 51 »i 51 "51 ;
Chi ln<l & L pfd... 400 70 70 75% ]
Chi & Eastern III iM h\
Chi i'Gl Western. S»O -2.J 22% 22* j
Chi & Gt W A pfd. lN) HI *4 K»%
Chi & Gt AV B pfd. 500 46% 45% 45
Chi & Northwest.. 200 20i> 209 £08
Chi R I & Pac 400 150% 15H ]3«<i
Chi Term & Trans. 1.600 17v, 17% 17% j
Chi Term &. Tr pfd 3.200 33% 32 32 U !
C C C & St Louis.. 200 06 05K W \
Colorado Southern. 1.100 15% 14 •» J5 j
Colo Kouth 1st pfd. 1.500 O0% C0-i «iO»54 I
Colo South 2d pfd. I'OO 2» 23 28% |
Delavrare & Hud.. 3,400 175% 174 J7t |
Del Lack & We*t. 100 254% 254% 254 ;
Den & Rio Grande. ..... ». 43% |
Den & R O pfd 100 J>2 »2 01%!
Erie 5,400 42 . 41% 41%
Krle Jst prd 1.40» 7.T-4 7.<% ;:;% ¦
Erie 2d pfd ¦. 600 60% t» W j
Gt Northern pfd... 100 ISlHi 18C'.i 1*') !
Hocking Valley 200 CS% «8»i tS%
Hocking Valley pfd 82%
Illinois Central ... 4d 133«4 130 i:««* !
Iowa Central 300 33 Vs'fc ."S'.i j
Iowa Central pfd v- 72 ¦
I^ake Erie &. West - «J ,-
L E &Western pfd .... .... 126
Louis & Nash 1.000 10<w .10' '4 . MC>% I
Manhattan Elevat. 20,100 139% 1W i:«)% !
Met Street Ry 300 163 V i««i5 HSi'/j I
Mexican Central... 2,200 27 jj, 27 • 27% j
Mexican National.. 100 15 1.". M% ,
Minn & St Louis... 100 107U 1-K4 1r J7
Missouri Paciflc 2,500 102>i ]0 - i 102
Mo Kan & Tex 200t 25% 25% '2b' i
Mo Kan & Tex pfd . r >2
New Jtisty Central lit?. \
New York Central. 2,900 165*i VSlfy Z'ii'ik <
Norfolk * Wcktcrn •- 700 57^g HM'H 57 j
Norf & Wes»e pfd. ..... «2 |
Ontario A Western R00 34 «i 3*«A W s i
Pennsylvania 1,700 143% Its'-i I4<%
Reading 17,000 Mis &>'« •'•'• 5 i J
R~adlr-s 1st jfd *¦!•;, !
Reading 'Jd pfc.V. 2.500 ««ft r,:;^; k.-. i
St L & San IJisn.. 3.SO0 OS <;i •, «!-'.;
SI L i S F ibl pfd. 10O SR SS S7 j
LftSF 2d »>fd. 4.JH10 761 i 75^ 75^ i
St Louts .Southwtct 1OO 2(i*i l"i*i 'ji:% <
St Louis SW pfa.. .".00 57 % .17% 57% !
St Paul 6.W0 164 103% I«%J
St Paul pfd 1«S
Southern Pacific .. J0.100 60»; fiO'/i <: 0%
Southern Railway.. 2,800 W% 33 33
Southern Ry prd.. W0 9U% 93 Vi KJli"
Texan & Pacific ' .TJ -i
Tol St L & West.. 200 10 JO 19 I
Tol Pt L & w pfd. ioo :u; r.n 35
Vnlon Pacific SS.noo 103% 102H 1C2SJ
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.30O &i*Z R9% S3% ]
Wabash 500 22*i =2% T2% )
Wabash pfd 1.100 «%¦ ,42Yi 42%,
Wheel & L E IS
W & L K 2d pfd... 100 2« , 21) 2»
"WMs Central : 200 20S 1 20% 2«»'.;
WJs Central pfd... 400 40% I 40*i 40% I
Exprets Comaanles — • a -I
Adams 200 |
American -'10 .
United States ..... 104%
Wells Fargo 100 .
Miscellaneous —
A mal Copper ...... 18. COO 71 Ti - 70'.i 70Vi
Am Car & Fdry... 700 29;i 20% 2fl=i
Am Car A. F pfd 85%
Am Linseed Oil... . 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 43
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1.2C0 45% iZK 4514
Am Smelt & R pfd "§Vi
Anaconda Mng.Co. 1OO .TO% :toafe :!0%
Drooklyn Rap Tr.. 2.500-67 t>6«4 »Jti%
Oolo Fuel & Iron :.. S6
Consolidated G&n.. 200 217*i 217 217%
Cont Tob pfd .. 1,200 115% 115 115
Gen Electric 300 231 270% 279',^
Glucose Sugar ..... .... 41%
Hockin* Coal 200 15 13 J5
International Pap - 20%
International P pfd 200 76%- 7« 75%
International Powr 600 87 87 87
Laclede Gas .... 90
National Biscuit... POO 45*4 45 45-
National Lead . A 15%
National Salt .T. ;' .... .... S2%
National Salt prd . . 500 70 64 GS
North American .. 300 90% 90% 90%
Pacific Coast .... .... 72
Pacific. Mall .... 47
People's Oas 500 103 302% 102%
Pressed Steel Car. 100 41 41 40%
Pressed Steel C pfd . . . . ' 83 •
Pullman Pal Car .... .-.;;.: 215 ~
Republic Steel 400 16% - 16% ]6%
Republic Elecl pfd ........... .... CQY*
Sugar s 18,900 123% 121 'i 121%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 400 61 C3% -63%
Union B & P C pfd .... 1."%
Union & P Co pfd 73'
V S Leather.. 500 12 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd ¦ .... 81%
U S Rubber pfd .... 60 •
U S Ruber pfd: ;. .... ....- 50 -
U S Steel '10,200 43% . 43Vi 43H
U S S^eel pfd..... 7.100 95 94% 04%
Western Union .'.. :{rt0 '91.*i !»1V4 J>1'.ii
Ame Locomotive... 1,400 :i2>4 I{1 31%'
Am Loco pfd...^.. 300 92 . 01% .9lii'
Shares sold ...250,000
CLOSING BOXDS. '.
V S ref 2s reg. 108% L &' N Unl4s...l01%
Do. coup .108% Mex.Cent 4s .... 82%
Do 3s reg -1O7*-* Do 1st Inc 32% :
, J>o coup ..108% Minn & St.L, 4s.io.ji-i
Do new 4s reg. 139% M K & T 4s;... 98%
Do coup 139<i Do 2<3s ........ 82J4
•; . ¦•¦-• '.-. ¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
&tock market. The statement of the earnings
of the corporation for the December quarter
was a l:een disapnointroen to speculators
in its stocks, as the preliminary rumors
of earnings, which vere widely credited,
proved to have been- greatly exaggerated. The
selling of these stocks by disappointed holders
has had a notable sympathetic effect on the
whole market. > This has not be*n effectually
offset by the strength shown by a few special
•stocks from individual causes. . notably Sugar
and Manhattan. Confidence continues In the
general buslnes-s prospect, but the present
level of prices of securities is the subject of
eorne doubt.
Railroad and', miscellaneous bond" have
moved in sympathy with stocks, but over a
much narrower rsnse. . /- '.*?
United .States refunding 2s declined Y* and
the 2s coupons and 5s coupon advanced %
from the closing call of last week. .
£?h i!?-i he New Tork market covering foreign
Indebtedness contracted du*tfn K the past year
and especially In . the Northern Pacific stru^-
Ele. London also has been a steady seller of
securities in this market during this week.
It is generally expected, therefore, that a con
siderable outward movement of gold will set in
next week. The large requirements of our.own
t»overnmejrt surplus come in for consideration
tr,^ I 1 U J ,f* ared that lh « treasury will find
increasing difficulty in finding means to re
lieve this drain upon the money market, ow
ing to the scarcity of Government bonds avail
able for redemption. / Sales of bonds to the
Government at present seem to Involve cor
responding retirements of bank corculatlon. in
dicating that there is more profit in the sale
or bonds than In keeping out circulation. This
contrasts with the continuing effects at this
time last year of the refunding la wv Involving
rayment of premium? upon refunded bonds,
and Increased privilege of bank circulation.
Bearing further on the money market are the
developments of unsoundncss in the rubber
market, the affairs of the trolley promoting
syndicate and the collapse of the asphalt trust.
The proceedings in the United States Supreme
Court against the Northern Securities Com
pany and the steps towards Investigating the
affairs of that corporation by the Interstate
Commerce Commission have been a depr*>t>Injr
influence, as it is believed they will retard
the plans of the promoters of that project for
the distribution of its shares and the active
operations in the stock market which <ir« ex
pected to accompany that distribution. There
has been disappointment also In the 'allure
of the United States Steel stocks to maintain
a leadership • of an uoward movement In th«
Flv« or six cars of Oranges are announced
for to-morrow's auction. The market for all
citrus fruits remains the same.
Fancy red and Newtown Pippin Apples are
In demand. There are a good many blighted
and otherwise poor Lady Apples lying: around,
but there Is no call now for this fruit.
Persimmons are dragging and fortunately
there are but few on the market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.' .
APPLES — $1 50® 1 75 per box for extra. T5o
®1 25 for Eood toacholce and 25660c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, nominal.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 70c®$2 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay. *2 25 per box.
L CITRUS FRUITS— Xavel Oranges, 75c<g$l 5(1
for standards, $1 75@2 25 for choice and $2 60
@S for fancy: Seedlings, 50c@$l; Tangerines.
Si 25@l.oO; Japanese Mandarins, 73c@$l :
Lemons 60c@f 1 for common and $l®2 for good
to choice, and • $2 25i5?2 60 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1@3; Mexican Limes, $3@5 60; Ba
nanas, $1 75®2 75 per bunch for New Orleans
and Tl@l-75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,, $3(& I
per dozen. -. /
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CO Makaweli 26 50
$3000 N'P C R R 5s. bonds 108 00
10 Ofjdand Gas 61 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 42 0O
$20U0 S F & S J V bonds 122 00
120 Honokaa S. Co 10 25 -
50 Hutchlnson S P Co.... 14 37£
25 Hutchlnson S P Co. a 10 14 SO
50 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
40 Makaweli 26 62%
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4b quar couplll%lia 1 4a qr c (new)139H140
4s quar reg. . tll^ill-U |3s quar conp.108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s-..101%103
flay CPC 0s.l08>4 — Ombua C 6a.l3o£ —
Cal-st 5s... ..U6& — Pac G Im 4b. 88 100
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 69.105 107«[
Ed LAP 6s..— — Pk&O R 8s. — 120
Ker&C H 6a. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s.ll8Til20
Geary-st 5S.. — 100 Sac EGR 6s. 85 *.* —
H C&S 0%S. — — SF & SJV3».1219i —
Do 5s .... — ~100',,i Sierra Cal 6s — —
L Ans R 58.119 l'-'0)4 S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 111% —
Do gtd «s. — — (1910) ....112fc —
Do gtd .'.8,103*4 — S P of Cal 6s
l a & p r.s. oo — / <i»06)Sr A-ioai; —
Do lcm 53.101 103 '. (100B)Sr B.108%108a4
Mkt-st C 63.125iil2« <1006) ....111 111^,
Do lcm Os. 121 122^ (1012) .... — 121
N R Cal fcs. lOOtf — v S Y Cal 1st
Do 5s 121% — - c imtd 6s. 110 —
N Pac C 3s. 105% — - S P BrCal6s.l36'4 —
N Cal II &s.U2%lK1b\3 v 1VU 63.112 — ,
Oak Gas 5s;.lia% — I Do 4a 10U
Oak Trns «9.»2t^12H Do 4s 3dm. 101^101*1;
\M> 1st cGs.lOHiilO 1 ,! Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Oal: W g 5s. — 1O3'?| »
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 1Z — Port Costa.. 63% 99
Marin Co 53 — Spring Val... 85V4 83%
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — 52%
Eqt G L Co. 3>i R% Sacramento . — 35
Mutual .-. — 5 jS F O & E.. 40?i 43
O G L & H. 61 — ' San Fran.... 6\i —
Pac Gas Imp 35 40 IStktn U &. K » —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.247% — I ' . ;
IJANKS.
Anxlo-Cal .. SO 82'i 1. P & A....167%16«
California ..42'» 4:!0 ;M?r Ex (llq) 1S% —
Cal Snf<» Dp.112 S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl...TJ& 350 , I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1025 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humhcldt . . — — Security Sav.S03 830
Mutual .Sav. 6U — Union Trst. — 2475
S F Sav U..31O —
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.151 — Market 9t 82^4
Geary — 50t£ Presidio .... 36 —
IWDEK.
Giant SOYa SI jVigorit 4% 4Tt
SUGAR.
liana — 4 Kilauca 9% 11%
Hawaiian ..34 40 Makaweli .. 26% 27
Honokaa ... lO^i It Onon-n .... 23% 23
IIutchln?on . 14% 15 Paauhau ... 10% 10)4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.l72«il ? * Pac A F A.. 2!i —
Cal Fruit As. i)5 0i'/i Pac C Borax. 165 —
Cal Wine -As. # J6»t 97« Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S Co 41% — . . .
Morninz Session.
Board—
33 Giant .Powder Con...... 80 75
SATURDAY, Jan. 11—12 m.
STOCK AND BONJ) EXCHANGE.
I California Standard. 3100; Four, 1S3O; Home.
2010:- Junction, 1400: Petroleum Center. 9900;
Reed, 1996; Oil City, 2200: Occidental, 1500;
Lion, 1450; Monarch, 2900.
The Century oil assessment of So fell delin
quent In the office yesterday.
The Union Trust Company on March 27 will
vote on a proposition to Increase the capital
from $1,250,000 In 1250 shares to $1,500,000 tn
1500 shares.
The next dividend of the Alaska. Packers* As
sociation will be $1 per share. Instead of 73o
per share; as heretofore. It will be paid ca the
13th . . \ '
h- : i
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
was of a Saturday dullness, and tha only
changes were an advance Is Oceanic Steamship
to $42 and a decllns In llakawell Susax to
$28 60.
The f II stocks continued quiet, with a decllns
In Hanfoxd to $90, as compared with $91®94 On
Friday. ' . ;
Sales en the. Oil Exchange last week wens
32.388 shares/ valued at $19,430. the leading
«alea being as follows: Apollo, 2300 shares;
Weekly bank clearances gain substantially over last year.
Shipment of $34,780 .in specie to China.
Exchange and Silver as before.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Wheat futures higher. Spot Barley firm.
Oats firm, Rye higher and Corn dull.
Hay, Bran and Middlings continue firm.
Beans strong, with improving demand.
Potatoes and Onions steady under heavy receipts.
Eggs still lower. Cheese weak and Butter steady.
Poultry and Game cleaned up well.
Five or six cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Dried Fruits and Raisins rule firm.
Provisions losing strength in all positions.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs shozving more firmness. Other Meats unchanged:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
EGGS — Ranch, 28@29c for selected large,
27@27^c for good to choice and 25@26c for
fair; store, 2a@25c per dozen; cold storage.
20025c; Eastern. 20@2Gc.
BUTTER- Creamery, 24@26c per lb for
fancy 'and 20@23c for seconds; dairy. 17',£©
21c; store Butter. 14@17c per lb;- Creamery
Tub. ~ 20c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg. l'J©lSc
per lb. -
CHEESE — New. ll%@12e: old. 10<@llc;
Tountr America. 13f! per lb; Eastern. 13®15c.
. Receipts were 20,400 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 400 cases of Eggs,
. cases of Eastern Ergs. 4G00 pounds of
California Cheese and S4O pounds of Oregon
Cheese and 26,400 pounds of Eastern Cheese.
Eggs : continue on the down rradeand M*
is now about the highest price heard anywhere
along the 'line. The Eschaaige reduced Its
prices'. .to 26©27c for - t ranch and 24©25c for
gathered. Receipts are not heavy and the cqld
weather ought to. help the market \ by cutting
down the production and increasing the con
sumption, but dealers are determined to sell to
prevent any accumulation of stock, hence tha
decline. -.-/-:: ' • ¦ ¦ :• -' • .
'The feeling in Cheese continues weak, stocks
being too large for the market.
.'There Is nothing new In Butter, suppliea be
ing moderate as a rule, though now and* then
a dealer reports himself oversiapplled. The
feeling is generally firm>
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Consols for money iN T Central..:.. 170 .
93 8-10'Norfolk & West.. o8?4
Consols for acct. .93% Nor & West pfd.. 94
Anaconda 6Vi N Pacific pfd....lO2-
Atchlson SO Ontario & West.. .15
Atchison pfd fc 104 Pennsylvania'.... 76U
B..K & Ohio. 106U Reading 28%
Canadian Paolflc.117% Reading lit pfd.. 41%
Clies & Ohio 47% Reading 2d pfd.. 32V»
Chgo Great W.. . 24 Southern Ry 'Si%
Chgo. M & St P.167?i Southern Ry pfd. 05 U
Denver & R G... 44% (Southern Pacific.. 61%
Den & R G pfd.. Sill Union Pacific. ..105
Erie : 42^ Union Pac pfd... 02
Erie 1st pfd 75 US Steel 44^
Erie 2d pfd 62 ¦ U 8 Steel pfd... 97
Illinois Central... 142 Wabash 24
Louis & Nash..'.. 108 1& Wabash pfd 43U
•Mo, Kara & Tex. .25% Spanish fours.... 77ii
Mo, K & T pfd... 54 I .:
• NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 25 Little Chief 10
ASice 4S Ontario 8 50
Breecc ....... 75 Opnir 80
Brunswick Con . . OS' Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel. .05 \<i Potosi ......... 12
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 37.
Horn silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 35
Lcadville Con 05i .
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
go old 4s reg.111% N T Cent lsts..lO2%
5° ,? OU P 11»€ Do gen 3Hs ...108
»o 5s reg .....107% N J Cent gen 5S.133H
.£* C0^P J 107(5 Nor Pao is .....104%
£ Sen 4s;.... 104 Do 3s ........ 74
p ,7 .* d it 4s.... 05% N ft-W con 4s. .102%
n«° -fi/° * S - • • - 103 R « a<lln B Gen 4s. . 03$
5?.' J ?4« ...... 05?, S L & I M con Ss.llTVi
r, n = 4s lco S L & S P 4s.... 9614.
a<la So 2ds...llO St L 3 W lsts . 07&
Ce "t of Oa Cs...lO7% Do 2ds .78
rs I st « nc •••• 7(J^ s A & A P 4s...S7»i
t-L \ A 4 ton a ! '» s • «*vi i So Ry . 6s ....... 120 £
r- m * 9 new 4s. 0«%Tex & Pac lsts. .119'
S ¥ * bt ' p S 4S.110 TBtL & XV 4*.. S2*i
S * N con- 7s 140 Union Pacific 4s.104'/j
£ « l * P 4*...105S Do conv 4s ...106'4
C C C & S L g 4s.lOTvi Wabash lsts.' ....118%
Chicago Term 4s. S3 Do 2ds ;..'.'! 114%
n I & t> 6^ 4s • ' • • 92 Do deb B. . . . ;. 08'4
r . R . O.^.-.-lOlTi West Shore 4s ,.112?i
Lrie prior lien 4s. 90H W & L E 4s . . »2
_. D . < > « e " 4s .... 8S)\i Wis Cent 4* ... . . P0
S V. & P C lstsl 0Tv4 Con Tobacco 4a.. «5%
Hocking Val 4«<.<..107»j .
BOSTON" "STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—" , Do preld .04%
Call leans *V 2 m\al Mining-
Time loans ...4H@t$ [Adventure ... lSVi
Bonds-s- Allouez 2 '«
Atchison 4s ¦ 102 Amalgamated ... 70 -i
t.as lsts SO Baltic 36»>
Mexican Cent 4s.. 81 34iBIngham .... 21 "
N E G & C 65>/j Calumet '& Hccla.UGO
Railroads— , Centennial ......13
Atchison . ... 7S% Copper Range .. "»4>4
Do prefd .. d-jy a Dominion Coal.. 66«i
Boston & Albany.StHi Franklin-. lSVi
Boston & Maine. 101'i Isle Royale 2114
Boston El ......166 Mohawk 29ii
N Y X II & H 211 Old Dominion .. 22V4
Fitchburg pfd ..144 Osceola ......... S2U
Union Pacific ...lO2li Parrot 2« -
Mexican Central. 27>/fc -Qutncy 130
Miscellaneous — I Santa. Fe Copper. Si
American Sugar. 121«4 Tamarack .......250
Amer Tel & Tcl..l60 Trlmountaln .. -*4
Dominion I & S.. 25«4 Trinity 14>4
Gen Electric :...28O United States ...'13^
Mass Electric ... .'54 Utah 22?i
Do prefd 9tH Victoria 6
X E Gas & C. 5 Winona iy a
United Fruit .... 87^ Wolverine 48
U S Steel 4314
'¦-; CHICAGO, Jan. 11.' — Heavy selling by lead
ing professionals, a somewhat bearish crop re
port and the advice of numerous brokers' to
their clients to. Mil- on this. bulge brought the
slump in wheat. ' Conditions seemed "ripe if or,
a bad break and all 'over the pit- the' traders
were predicting a bad dip to-day and still lower
prices . on Monday. . 'At the ; outset the ' market
was , rathtr quiet and - featureless. ; Tha cable
Ilet, was slightly improved and combated the
bearish-influence of the- Government wheat
crop report; v This report indicated c a condi
tion of Sb'.T.'-or 14.S bushels-per acre 'for the
year . 1001 . This .suggested i a , total j-ield . of
(J7ts.C81,400 bushels, compared, with- the "Sep
tember estimate of only -.«^(j, 000, 000 -bushels.
May opened^©"-ic lower: to }»@',ic up at Wihit
©¦S.ific, between . these .. two influences. The
cables eet a fair . number, of outsiders - to buy
ing and the price went to 83}j,@84c. Commis
sion houses, however, were '- the only : buyers
and the report . of . a • poor, cash situation > both
at Kansas City and Minneapolis and the pre
diction that rain would fall . in ;. the - wint*r
wheat I belt to relieve the disastrous condition
depressed the ; tone of the market ' materially.
Altogether there was . no support to the mar
ket. . Winter wheat was reported -still scarce'
and bringing higher prices than futures in the
pit. but thei-e were no foreign buyers even with
the firm situation- abroad. As soon as the
market, broke short sellers . seized the oppor
tunity to ljyund prices and sent May down to
Siiajc. The ' close was • very weak, - 1 140.1 i/*c
lower at Sl'Jic. ¦ : •': .
.Corn 'shared in" the wheat 1 , slump and Its
break was bad. There was no foreign- de
mand and the demand in the- West was - re
ported unimproved. . On "the.- wheat break
shorta pietseU the mark«t sorely ' and May slid
down to a weak close, %o lower, at 65%c."
,'. Oats opened somewhat firmer, but weakened
on the wheat decline. Trade was light. May
closed Vj®%c lower at 45*4@45%c. ¦¦¦¦
Provisions ruled dull and heavy throughout
the session under the grain Influence and the
close was weak. May pork closed 5c lower,
lard 6c lower and ribs 2^@Sc lower..
The leading; tutures ranged ¦ as • follows :
, Tlie lloan markn preirt!" to be slowly im
provinsr."'l -Every .'.day rather more inqu'.ry for
Shipment Is: reported.-. anrt. there Is now a fair
outward movement to tli«* Territorirs anj
Te>«». Prices are firm. Mustard Seed is lower
> HEAN'H— Bayou. $2 00*12 W: Small White.
$::*/;: 25: Larsre White. $2 00<©:i 10: Pea $.» co
«4": Pink. '*2®2 1!O: Red, S2 60®t; Blackeye.
S". 5Cig:i 65; Llmas. $4 50®4 65; Red Kidneys.
$3 6f^t:? 7" perj.-tl. >~ '.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, ' $ 2 85@3; : Yellow
Muilaid. SIS 25'<io &0;.'FUx:. *2 40^2 60; ci
nary. :{'4@3U'C for Kastern: AltaJfa. from
Utah. 8',&c; Rape.-^lLiigHic: Hemp, 3'iu per
pound. ' s . .
.. DRIED - i'KAS — Xilea. $1 23®l C5; Green
$1 2Z>tjJl 50 per ctl. . .-, ,\ R -.
Beans and Seeds.
There was no further -change in- Hay or
Feedstuffs. All were firm. Receipts of Hay
were njodcratf. -
liRAN— *1S 50(819 50 per' ton. ' , >
'M1PDMNCS —^10 r.0iB21per ton.- .
; FEEIJSTUKKS -- Ilolled" Berley. ?18§18 50
rer ton: Oiit«ik.t- Mcaiut the mill,Hi27y2s;'Job
l>ing.'C2S oO«(V.>: Cocoanut Cake. $l'O©21: Corn
Meal, $51#:{l r.0; Cracked .Corn. $.U 50}ia2;
iiivnf f«'ri., *h; r o f'/»7 no. ' .
/IAT — Whrat. . S«(?12; fancy, ?t2 50013;
Wheat and Oat. S^-1*J S«';/ Oat, $R OlkJ/ U C>0;
Harlcy and Oat. ??<ai0;' Alfalfa, SSglO: Clover,
SO r«0(8'7 R0: Volunteer, ' $C®8 50: Stock. $«@
'. BfliAW- JcsiTK-c per bale. : .
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
V MILLSTUFFS— Prlcss In sacks are as - fol-
Jown. usual discount to the trads: Graham
Flour.'** per 100 lbs:; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rjce Flaur.-?7: Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra rrram* do, $4: Oat Groats, $5: Hominy.
$t«i4 25: Kuckw'hPat Floor, $1@4 25: Cracked
Wheat. S3 . r .0; Furlna. $1 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $-J 23: Rolled Oats (barrels), $i; 85#
S 35; in sack?. $t> 50(S&: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Fea^ $5; Gi«en Peas. $U 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family (Extras. $:; 50-5.'
a 16, usual: terms; Bakers' Extras, f-1 4ii#:j 60;
Or»<ron. $2 ~hGt~l per barrel for family and %'W
" 2.1 fur Bakers' ; Washington Bakerq'. $3@
i 25. . .
Flour and Millsiuffs.
BUCKWHEAT — OuoWat SI 63 oer ctL
CALL BOARD SALES. .
- Informal Session — 8:15 oNilock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
. Regular Morning Seslson— May— 2000 ctls.
W,c; 2OU0. M^iC: aOOO^Slttc. — - '.
OATS — The . local situation remains very
strong, owing to light stocks everywhere and
the large demand for Government account, and
holders exact full . figures. The. demand, how
ever, is not sharp at the moment. . .
- Advices' from Chicago to-Bolton. . De Ituyter
A Co. say: 'Oats have a better local support
in a speculative way than corn, but otherwise
the ooridltlons-Tii-c : much the ; same. Cash de
mand is not good. There Is still an active gen
eral Made, In July oats. . 'and we are Inclined to
think they are a sale on strong spots all over
40 cents."
Grays, ?1 20O1 2~>,4; - whites. $1 20fll 40;
Surcrl»e, $V *0<ft,\ 42 «A: -black, ?l 10®l 20 for
feed and $1 20fU SO for seed; -red, $1 25®1 35
per otl for feed and SI :r_'V4<pl -40 for seed.
CORN — The local market continues dull, of
ferings meeting with little attention on account
of the high prlces.~ The Chicago market is
lower, and apparently losing strength, Bnd the
movement from the farms is Increasing. Pri
vate Tsircs-froni"th»re to Bolton, De Ruytfr &
Co.. said: "Piimary receipts, 531.000 bushels.
arainst 000,000 last year. , Shipments; 2fW.00O.
against 434.000.- Clearances, 15.000. Tone of
market was w^ek.' partly in sympathy with
decline 'In wheat,' but 'cash situation continues
unencouraglrg or moderately: fair receipts and
a poor -rash demand. Much of the.b<>st local
vuppcrt to ' the market has ¦ abandoned it . and
country traders are th« principal holders. The
tendency seems lower.". . '• .. ..
L*n?e . yellow. $1 87'/f«?l 42V»; small round
do. $1 45: white. .$1 30(31 .'J5 per ctl.
RYE— Still higher and firmly held at SoQ
87Uc. ' ,
"If you have rain out West over Bunday
there will be a break. Th» Government report
indicates crop- of 076,000,000, an. increase over
previous ¦ estimate of- 49,000,000. It gives the
acreage of growing winter- . wheat'- crop ¦ at
32,000.000 acres, an increase, of 4,000,000 acres
over the crop last harvest. As some increase
had been expected ' and as this estimate is not
as high as either the , Price Current 'or Snow,
it was not taken as being very bearish. I Mar
ket opened strong and sold up to 83%@84c.
The advance, ¦ however, met with . heavy sell
ing both for Southwestern account, particularly
St. Louis, and for local professionals, much of
the latter I being; ehort wheat. While the ex
treme Southwest . reports .farmers still hold
ing tenaciously, country buyers report an In
creased ottering ' in the winter wheat sections
east of the - river and perhaps more wheat is
moving from warehouses at the extreme South
west. - No rain Is yet reported either In Cali
fornia or in . the extreme Southwest, but con
ditions eeem rather more favorable for it. The
general tone of market has undergone a change,
the volume of outside buying is hardly holding
its previous force and there is more of a
fighting disposition noticeable among local trad
ers on the short side. We rather . look for a
scalping market and think It ' will be equally
safe to sell, wheat on sharp bulges as to buy
it on eharp breaks."
In this market futures advanced about a cent,
but shipping grades stood the same.
- Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 06',iG<l 07%; mill
ing. $1 08?' t @l 10 per ctl. . ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. '
Second Session — May — 4000 ctls. $1 1014; 16,
000. $1 10*: . December— 2000, $1 12.
, Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
$111; 2-t.OOo. $1 11 M. December—^000, $1 12Vi.
BARLEY — Closed the week firm, with sales
reported at the top figure. , -
The feeling on i call was weak at the open
ing, but subsequently improved. ¦ . ,
. Feed,' So%@S3c for choice bright, 81V4@S2',ic
for No. 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, STiiffSOc; Chevalier. S5c<&?1
per ctl. ' . / %
- Cnicagu ;. was - ilrrn with light offerings, , and
Ur>'. ctmi weather. The Government report as
a whole was - considered bullish. , Although it
added 50, OOO.OoO bushels to the crop, the lat
ter is- still 5u,U00,uO0 bushels below the figures
used by all European statisticians. The con
dition of winter : wheat is bullish. "A; low De
cember condition has almost invariably resulted
ill a small winter swneat crop. -There: was a
bear - raid. ' led by ' Cudahy and Armour, who
sold heavily. The : outside buying was less,
and the selling was almost all on the short side,
new recruits being; added to the shorts. St.
Louis was a, heavy seller. - • V ¦ '
- The Saturday letter from Chicago' to Bol
ton, De Ruyter &.Co. said:- : ¦
• WHEAT— The foreign markets ' were , firm,'
but not materially changed. ; The Government
report,' which I has been awaited with Interest,
Is out. ' '¦ The' statistician • of , the Department ' of
Agriculture estimates i the average . yield ¦¦ per
acre ' of wheat in the United States In ' 1901 at
14.8 bushels, as compared with 12.3 in 1900,
12.3 in 1890, \ 15.3 in 1898 and 13.3 : the mean
average ': of the - last ~ ten years. .The newly
seeded area - of winter :• wheat is .. provisionally
estimated . at 32.000,000 ' acres, an Increase of
5.6 per cent upon 'the area estimated to have
been sown In j the fall of 1900. The department
has no reports ¦ as ; .to . the^condltion of ¦ winter
wheat I later | than December . 1; at -that 'date ; It
was 86.7 per cent of the normal, -as compared
with 07.1 ; in ; 1900. ' 97.1' in 1809 ' and 92.6 , in
1808. The ¦ department ': will not : Issue any fur
ther , estimate , of I the ' total production of : any
product of the soil • until It has made .such
adjustments ; of i its . estimates I for the last two
years ; as may seem to be required by the re
ports • of the : census based ' on - actual farm to
farm visitation now in course of publication.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago Grain "Market:
Receipts of Produce, Jj f i
; "FOR SATURDAY, XINttaKT U.
: Flour, qr sks... 41.S6" Sugar.* etls..^.^, 1.TSS
Wheat. cUs 10.210 Tallow. cUs.._ 943
Barley, eUs 4.060 Pelta, bd!»...._S . 465
Oats, ctls 360 Hides. No....—. 1.006
. Beans, ska...... 620 Paper, reams.... 1,870
Potatoes, sks... 4.513 Chicory, bbls.... 10
Onions, ska 400Feed.su SO
¦ Hay. tons....... 413 Leather, coils... 90
Wool, sks 27 Lime, bbaTTT... 27O
Middlings, sks . . 1.810 Quicksilver. OskS 140
Bran. b'.C3 2^80 Wine, gala 87,100
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 3,863 Onions, sks..... 1.601
Wheat, ctls 325 Bran, ska 8,640
Oats, ctls 4.015 Mlddllnes. sks M 44S
Potatoes, sks.... 6.202
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
prime, 9!i<?9%e: choice, 9H®10c; fancy,- 10%
@llC. I" ¦ ¦ " ¦ - ¦ ._•_: ... ,. < ;-¦* .
. California dried fruits were steady, but' quiet.
PRUNES— O"4©7c. ' - : .. "---,.. *, ¦'¦ ...
APRICOTS— Royal, * 10©l-lc ; Mobrpark 9% ©
13c. ' ¦ ¦•= ' — ¦ ' ¦¦'¦¦¦ : : , <•'•¦ -¦-¦:—.. ¦.
':•• PEACHES— Peeled. ' 16@20c; unpeeled,". 7%©
1214c- -';.: ¦ ¦•?.*/-:.;- ¦^¦¦v- -¦•.-.>- ¦
of $34,780, : . consisting; of $4980 in Mexican dol
lar and $28,800 In silver 'bullion. 1 v :> : . "
'. All quotations '.remain ; as : before. "• .
Sterling Exchange, 00 day s. . . . . — >,; |4 34 %
Sterling Exchange,; Bight:;.... 5 ; — V."" 1 ': -.4 87%
Sterling Cables ... V..v. ; ¦."..... \> ——;.., 4 8&K
New; York; Exchange,; sight..;'.' —-.'"" -07%
New i York * Exchange, telegraph -—;/-'.:/-:: 10
Silver,. per ounce....'.*.........". ' — ••--'68%
Mexican Dollars r..v.i.......i. 44% O. «5
for small; Pigeons, 51 25®l'5O ptr Cozen for
old and $2@2 25 for Squabs. _ „
GAME— Doves, per dozen,. $1: Hare, $1 »:
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard. $383 60; Canvasback." $3©4; ; SPjl«»
$2@3 80;. Teal.' Si 2C«1 60: ..Widgeon. SI 25®
1 00: 'Small Ducks.- *l 23; r Black Jack, .SI 25:
English Snipe, $2 60; Jack IJnlpe. f 1 M; Gray
Geese, 53; White Geese. jF25®l 60; \ Brant,
$1 S0@2 per dozen; Honkers, ?3@4 60. '
Turkey*, 12%013c for Gobbler* and lSUOlfe
for Hens; Geese, per pair, fl BO01 75; Goe
lings, $1 75©2; Ducks, $4 60©5 for old and *«
©7 for young; Hens. *4©5;. young Roosters,
$4 60@5: old .Roosters. U&* W.. " Fr ' re ™'.'*9
4 60; Broilers, S4fi4 50 for larje and $303 50
Ill"' MMBJ*m~*i'**ig»*&~*xm»amieir*mmmr~*Qimwimi
ofora: half-barrala, 38o inert: boxM. M» om|
BO-lb bags. 10c more. -No orders taken far wm
than ¦ 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dosalaoa.
I half -barrels. 0.80c: boxes, 6.05c per Ib.
Exchange 'and Bullion.
The ' City' of , Prtlnr took out a treasure' list
THE. SAN FRANCISCO GALAS. ¦;SUND^;;:^UABT-i2, ::r i9b2.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
UJCAl^MARKETS;
NEW YORK,'. Jan. 11. — The cotton market
opened steady,' 1 point higher to 3 points lower.'
and 'closed barely rtcady. with prices iret 1 to
5 points lower. ¦;-¦ . " ,
Exports and Imports.
| NEW YORK,- Jan. _ 11.— Exports of specie
from this port to all countries, for /this week
aggregated $611,059 silver and |627,C50 gold.-
The i Imports of specie this - week were $000
gold end ?13,5^2 silver.. - • -"
. The Impdrte of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York for. this week were valued
at $11,8X9,801. . . „ . : . .
¦ - * . !'." . « - i- f '
¦'..¦; Portland's Business,
. PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 11. —Clearings, $350,.
705; balances, $62,431. • ¦. .-. •- •:
Northern .WhcatMarkci.
. OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. - 11.— WHEAT— Firm and
higher -on-, account -of lower : freights. Walla
Walla, <54®<M>c: bluestem. 65<gG6c. .-¦.-..-. .
¦ Cleared — British ship Wendur, ¦ with 105,683
bushel ¦ of wheat : German ship Susan ne, with
107.C34 bushela : wheat ; 'Jboth for Queenstown.". .'- ;
. .-¦ • - WASHINOTON.' •
TACOMA, • Jan. 11. — WHEAT— Quiet and un^'
changed. .> Bluestem; ¦ 63c; club, 62c.
/ Foreign^ Markets.
,... LONDON, Jan.' il.'-r-Consols, *3 11-16. silver',
25 11-lCd.V- French 'rentes, UOOf30cgilCOf, 40c. ;
Cargoes on passage, 'quiet and steady; ' English
country " markets, \ steady. ¦ -¦ ¦ - , < ,,,
-LIVERPOOL,;.- Jan.; 11.— WHEAT~-Qulef
wheat In : Paris, , steady ; flour In Parl», steady •
French country markets,' dull; weather In Eng
land/cloudy. ¦-."¦¦ ; .. . - - ...... »;
', COTTON— Uplands, 4 Hd.
Poultry and Game.
: '. Poultry, was well ; cleaned up at' the close Jin
spite of -: the ; seven > cars ; ' that > came < In :j during
the .week, though '• the.: market >, has '¦. been weaker
during. the past ¦ ttvo ; or three' days:'- iRecelpts
of dressed .Turkeys; yesterday > . were thirteen
cases, -but, owing; to the; limited demand stocks
did -not; clean up. ¦¦; " . -\-' •¦ ' . -. • :..-¦ ;, .-¦
-\ Arrivals of- Game were. 114 sks, ; . and 'Cleaned
up well."'- The birds continue to run thin, owing
to the cold weather. '¦:. ¦: :;¦-' * ; .. •
j ; POULTRY— Dressed .Turkeys, HflTc; : Ltva
35
K
CO
»AST Ri:CORD.
- = : - . ; a
4<: n dear .00
>.lt>
1.30
>.ro
>.2O
I.!«S
t.40
(.14
54 34 NE Clear .00
r.2 IS N\V Pt.CVJy .00
f«0 42 NE Clear .00
4>i T.« K Cl*ar .00
42 22 SW Clear - .00
M KS NW Clsar ' .04
A
[a
rv
."9
;;o
n.
SO
::d
Sy
:;o
;;o
so
E8
;:o
1. 10
l.lt-4
). - J4
I.L-J
).2O
I.2S
).18
>.H"
).O4
).t:
>.14
».4i
).:so
1,91*
C4 4S IV Oear T.
T« SS \V Clear .00
50 4« SE Clear .00
CS 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00
40 31 ..... Clear .00
4" SS SK Cloudy .00
•5'' SO \V *Hear .00
TC 40 K Clear .00
40 N . Clear . .00
trj r.2 KTV Clear .O0
4!» :t0 S Cloudy .00
10 2S K Clear .00
»s 4t! E Clear .0<>
:<u :>o \v^ Clonfiy .00
W l.*6 S Clear .00
: 72 4<J \V Cle*r T.
Station*—
ureka
e<S Bluft ...U
icrarcento ....
>.n Francisco..
resao
dependence ...
\M Luie Oblepo,
35 Arpeles....
ta Diego
T
Last
21 Hours.
... .00
... .00
... .00
... .00
... .00
... .04
, .. .00
. .. Trace
.. .00
Thl«
S*a*on.
15. 34
10.S6
6.33
5.94
*i!as
4.56
2.46
.77
Last
Season.
28.33
13.51
10.20
11.45
7.02
5. OS
£0.64
8.0S
2.73
K
CO
»AST Ri:CORD.
- = : - . ; a
4<: n dear .00
>.lt>
1.30
>.ro
>.2O
I.!«S
t.40
(.14
54 34 NE Clear .00
r.2 IS N\V Pt.CVJy .00
f«0 42 NE Clear .00
4>i T.« K Cl*ar .00
42 22 SW Clear - .00
M KS NW Clsar ' .04
A
[a
rv
."9
;;o
n.
SO
::d
Sy
:;o
;;o
so
E8
;:o
1. 10
l.lt-4
). - J4
I.L-J
).2O
I.2S
).18
>.H"
).O4
).t:
>.14
».4i
).:so
1,91*
C4 4S IV Oear T.
T« SS \V Clear .00
50 4« SE Clear .00
CS 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00
40 31 ..... Clear .00
4" SS SK Cloudy .00
•5'' SO \V *Hear .00
TC 40 K Clear .00
40 N . Clear . .00
trj r.2 KTV Clear .O0
4!» :t0 S Cloudy .00
10 2S K Clear .00
»s 4t! E Clear .0<>
:<u :>o \v^ Clonfiy .00
W l.*6 S Clear .00
: 72 4<J \V Cle*r T.
Station*—
ureka
e<S Bluft ...U
icrarcento ....
>.n Francisco..
resao
dependence ...
\M Luie Oblepo,
35 Arpeles....
ta Diego
T
Last
21 Hours.
... .00
... .00
... .00
... .00
... .00
... .04
, .. .00
. .. Trace
.. .00
Thl«
S*a*on.
15. 34
10.S6
6.33
5.94
*i!as
4.56
2.46
.77
Last
Season.
28.33
13.51
10.20
11.45
7.02
5. OS
£0.64
8.0S
2.73THE ;,SANI FRANCISCO 7;CALL, SDNDAY; :;JANUARY ;12 V iwua.
36
EDUCATIONAL— -Coatlnned. .
A FULL course of Ellis
Gregg shorthand costs only *60. . San Fran-
clsc-j Business College. 123ft Market st
ACTING, elocution. BWlaltle.; - H»1W School.
. associated with theatrical *K%V5S?1 st!
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners. «£»««
graduate & bookkeepers in account ¦ *•**!*[£¦
TARR, expert accountant. 220 Parrott DiQg
A *tc T fd>a^^^^^
NIGHT-SCHOOL— Bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorlhan" EnglTsh. 530 Golden Gate avenue.
A PERSON to learn to be a naturalist, free.
. Box 2240 Call. . -' . -
SPANISH, P«nch.ete.PWf.D«FUI^«A«deiny
of Languages,320Post:cst6b'd 187l:ablest profs.
PIANO lessons by a competent Udy t**gw.
50a an hour; German method. Box 2011. CalL
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
"MISS mT G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
C. Hoffman. -European tenor & vo '«
Ital. meth.: concert & oratorio. 1017 butter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. ot - r J^^J^
teacher. 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. **S£^t£*£&£*i
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.. $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors. SOc: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Posrst.S.F. ;
founded 1863: new SO-page catalogue tree.
KM PI,O VJIENT 9£|™55lv-v>—
A^JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cook's
& waiters furnished at short notice. £E°. r KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyonjtel.Fell oou.i.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640^Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best, help; cook and
waiter. 421 PosV_GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush !.»¦
CHINESEand Japanese Employment Office— -
Best help. 411 V, O'Farrell st; teL East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 510.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
¦ ncse help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMrLOYarEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS infants* nurse desires ' sltua-
tlon; best city refs. Miss Cullen. 325- < Sntter.
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires
situation; good cook and houseworker; refer-
- ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
WANTED— By an experienced teacher, situa-
tion as day governess or pupils in all English
branches; references. 308 Guerrero st
RESPECTABLE woman wishes 2 or 3 rooms In
exchange for light housework or sewing; ref-
erences. Address box 2224, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse -wishes engagements,
surgical or confinements: reasonable; refer-
' ences given. ' Call or address Ladies* Nurse,
127 Seventh st. , '
YOUNG girl wishes few more customers In
manicuring. Address box 2238, Call office.
EXCELLENT laundreu wants position in hotel
or private family; no objection to country.
1730 Pacific st. Oakland, CaL .
YOUNG girl wants situation; cooking and gen-
eral housework. 322 Fremont st
YOUNG woman, good housekeeper and cook,
wishes situation with small family of adults.
Address box 2249. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED woman wants place as house-
. keeper; city or country. Call afternoon or
address M. E. F.. 1121 13th ave.. E. Oakland.
HOUSEKEEPER — By Eastern woman, elderly;
neat; good plain cook and laundress; used to
children; city references: wages $10 month;
no postals. Call 1020 Howard st, room 5.
COMPETENT dressmaker, good fitter, cutter,
quick worker, $1 50 per day; dresses made
over. Address F., 1941 Mission st. ' .
SITUATION by. young woman, to do cooking
and housework; city or country. 1163 Market
WANTED — By American woman, position as
managing or working housekeeper, city or
.country; best of references. Address L.
ANSELL, box 2812, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants day work, washing,
• ironing and housecleaning. 913 Broadway,
Oakland. -
wanted by Swedish second girl;
good references; wages $25. Apply at 2320
. Flllmore street
DRESSMAKER wants work In families by
the day; good fitter and skirt hand; also
'.children's clothes; $1 50 a day and lunch.
. N..R..box 2234 Call. ,
WOMAN wishes light general housework; re-
liable;' references: steady place wanted.
. Please call 770 Folsom at -
WOMAN ' wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning. Please call at 667 Minna.
PERFECT fitter on ladles' tailoring and chll-
dren's suits wants engagements at $1 25 day.
244 Taylor St. -
LADY wishes work by the day; no window
washing. 625 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would take chargo of
widower's family; country preferred. - Box
2227. Call office. (
INVALID to care for by refined American
, woman. - Box 2218, Call office. ¦ . ¦ ¦_".-
BRIGHT, active girl, quick at figures and a
good penman,' wishes position where there is
a chance of advancement. Box 2211, Call
office. ' - . ' ¦
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires work by the
day. Call on MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter
st; tel. Green 721. :
REFINED young nurse wishes to care for chil-
dren over two years; references; $20. 273
Church st, Castro or .Flllmore cars.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper: neat and reliable. MRS.
M. L.. 1235 Howard st. city; no triflers.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia st. y ' ¦¦¦ , ' ¦ ¦.¦*'-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife; private Christian family; man
¦ butler, houseman; wife cook; Southern Cali-
fornia preferred. Box 2236, Call.
RELIABLE colored man wants position as
Janitor, porter, driver; hack or private;
nteady; sober. 416 Natoma st.
COOK'S helper or short-order cook, young
man. German, with good experience, desires
steady position; city or country. Address
CHARLES MILLER. 646 Howard st
MIDDL-AGED man wants light position on
private place or small ranch, or any other
light work In country; small wages; goot
references. Box 2247. Call. .
A SITUATION wanted; all-round man; photo-
graphic operator, printer or retoucher. Ad-
dreas ,box"2239, CalL
YOUNG man wishes position in law or collec-
tlon office; best of references. Box 2243.
Call. . . y ¦ ¦
A SINGLE, middle-aged man. good education.
wants place as attendant la country": Box
2251. CalL -
POSITION, wanted .by an experienced meat
cutter. Box 2253. Call.-
AN all-round handy man with tools wants sit-
uation; $12 week. - Address box 2243. CalL
A GOOD, honest, sober grocery clerk woul i ',
like a position In a first-class grocery store.
Addref s box 2241. Call , office.
RELIABLE 'man desires position as driver of
delivery watron or as caretaker, of gentle-
man's place; city or country- Box 2223, CalL
WANTED — Position as foreman; first-class or-
chardist and vineyard 1st; long, experience
817- Turk st ;' - . -
A SINGLE man. German, honest, sober and
Industrious, wishes ff>sitlon in bakery same
used to help in Germany In bread bakery Is
not afraid of work: city or country Ad-
drees A. P.. 22. 640 Howard st. S? F.
WANTED — Position, by experienced bookkeeper
and stenographer; best of references. Box
2233. Call office. ' - .
STRONG young man of 21 would like a posl-
tlon where there is chance for advancement
or. to learn a good trade. Box 2204. Call\
GARDENER, with many years' experience In
all Its branches In the Eastern States 2
1 years In California; wishes position as head
', gardener in a private place to 1st of Feb-
ruary. Box 2212. Call. . ---
A YOUNG man, sober, who understands thor-
oughly ..the care of horses and gardening
seeks a position In town or country- ear*!
references. Box 2?10. Call. » *
SITUATION) by a nice German couole- wife
good waitress and house worker; man handy
around everything; furniture repairing or as
¦ i carpenter,- helper around horses or any kind
, of work; good references. Box 2213, CalL ¦
AN educated man of good character wishes em-
¦ ployment -In which he can advance. Box
. 2384. Call office. Oakland. ,, ¦
BUSINESS man. stranger In city, will take
any. position at any salary and work up; will
give bond» or cash security. Box 2270 Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Position" by boy 1<J years* old; Just
finished grammar school; wants steady em-
ployment with reliable firm with chance of
promotion: lives at horn*, with parents;
strong. Industrious, willing; good morals;
good references. Box 2209, Call of flee.
GARDENER desires position; understands
. gardening In all branches. Address box 2229,
Call office. .
STRONG young man, not afraid of work, de-
sires position of any kind; has general
knowledge of office work; able to take car*
of horses, and to drive route; reference*.
Address box 2207, Call office.
MACHINIST or engineer, sober and Indus-
J trious. wants to do any kind of work: handy
In wood and bicycle repair work. Address
11C9A Valencia st
SITUATION wanted by an all-round electrician
and engineer; can do repairing; hava tools
and test Instruments; would like steady posi-
tion; temperate. Address Electrician. 3318
Twenty-3ixtn st. ¦
EXPERIENCED man wants position to tak»
care of country place or ranch; understands
gardening and general- farming*; fruit, vines)
and poultry; references. Box 2244, Call.
MAN and wife would llk» position in private
place or take cars of orchard; man under-
stands horses and wife Is good cook. Address
box 23S1. Call office. Oakland.
STATIONARY engineer wants position: 10
years' experience; steady, sober and reliable-
Address box 23S2. Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by experienced gardener,
capable In all branches, aa floral propagator,
pruning, vegetables. orchards. vineyards,
farming, etc.: best of California and Eastern
references. Box 2264. Call office. •
PORTER and house man. late at a first-das*
hotel in the city, desires work In hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Address box
2258. Call office.
GERMAN gentleman, possessing English, Span,
lsh and German, desires situation as corre-
spondent or any kind of office work.; knowt
shorthand and has experience In South Amer-
ican trade. Box 2272. Call. *
WANTED — Position as porter or stableman;
understands gardening: no objection to coun-
try-colored. Address 6501 Raymond st. Oak-
land.
BARTENDER, formerly connected with lead-
Ing Eastern hotels, wishes position. Address
room 35. 158 Third st
RECTIFIER and wine and liquor -nan wants
position. H. A. PUTZMAN. 1128 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1098
Valencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora.
; _F13tA HTCIAJU^^
HAVE fifty shares of stock that Is selling at
SiGO a share that I will sell cheap, as I need
cash; shares of one of the* most solid cor-
porations on Pacific Coast Call Monday,
room 406, 4th floor, annex to Call bldg., S. F.
COMPANIES promoted. guaranteed and
financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted: gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MXNINO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— W«
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. C07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FliATS TO LET.
A — 10 TO 20 days' free rent to desirable ten-
ants of brand new. 5 ar.d 6 rooms, bath; %
grates, sunshine In every room, social room,
nice yard. 4 car lines. Apply SPECK, & CO..
667 Market at _^
OAK. 1909— Flat to let and furnltur* for sale;
new; never been .used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule: all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
ELEGANT modern flat, 8 rooms and bath. 753
Golden Gate- ave.. near Franklin: rent reas-
onable: open for Inspection to-day.
A— ONLY 2 left; $25 and *27 50; new lower; 4
rooms, bath. Myrtle ave.. near Van Ness.
A — BRAND new. T rooms, bath; swell location.
1608 Larkin st. near Clay.
CAPP, 916. near Twenty-fourth — Sunny mod-
ern 5-room flat; warm belt
FLAT. 5 rooms, $11; also cottage. $10. Key
623 Second *t. near Brannan.
FLAT of S rooms, with modern Improvements.
. 2233 Fourteenth st
HAYES. 1743. nr. Masonic ave. and Park Pan-
handle — Sunny upper fiat * rooms, bath; $13.
NICELY furnished 'flat, 5 rooms; piano; rent
$37. 065 Oak st.; phone 1100. •
SHRADER. 729. . near Waller — Elegant upper
flat; 9 sunny rooms and bath; $35.
TO let — Sunny flat. 8 rooms; $42 50. ME cor.
Bush and Stetner sts.
3 AND 11 Tehama, — Flat and cottage; flat 4
rooms; cottage- 8 rooms; cheap.
$8— SUNNY flat. 3 rooms. 1332 Jessie- St. off
Hermann, nr. Junction of Valencia.
$18 — 6 SUNNY rooms; bay-window. 23% West
Mission st. bet. Twelfth and Brady.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET— FCRSI3HED.
HANDSOMELY furnished upper flat. T rooms
and bath; rent $30. 4026 Seventeenth st, or
F. B. SUItRYHNE. 138 Montgomery tt.
$25— UPPER flat: 1517 Golden Gat* av«.t 4
rooms, bath, gas range, etc.: nice home; 1-4.
FCRXITURB FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms, including large yard;
rent $16. - 48 Halght st
FURNITURE WASTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market St.; teL Sooth 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1331.
_
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant avs.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Protestant cook, small hospital.
$30; flrst-class Protestant cook. Oakland. $30:
girl general housework, San Rafael, no wash*
Ing. $30; ft cooks, German style, plain wash,
also no washing. $30; 6 second girls for pri-
vate families, city and short distance la
country. $23? nurse and seamstress. $25: 6
waitresses, family hotels, city, $20. t $25:
Scandinavian ' chambermaid. $20; 48 girls for
general housework, city and country. In very
nice families. $20. $25, $30; call Monday. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Girls and women at the- San Fran-
cisco Halrdressing College, to learn hair-
dressing trade, complete In 2 -weeks: tall
course $3: Including manicuring-. *»<-«»; and
' scalp massage, scalp treatment; also hair
work, ventilating, weaving, switch and wig
, making, etc.; Instruments and materials fur-
nished free while learning; human head for
practice; positions secured each graduate; no
fake promises; our pupils are our livinsr ad-
vertisement; call and get names of graduates
In stores all over the city; also established In
business for themselves by this college; our
methods and ideas are capital to our pupils;
hairdressers with a run of private customers
earn from $75 to $125 per month; any girl not
knowing her trade in 2 weeks given money
back: day and eve. classes. SAN FRAN-
CISCO HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE, . t 233
Geary st.. rooms 13-13.
WANTED — Girl 16 to 20 years; German pre-
ferred: fair cock; general housework; 2 nice
children; good home; wages $l.S. Call Mon-
.' day only, between 10 and 3. at 1519 Grove st.
WANTED — Operators on negligee and golf
j shirts at GUEENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
- EL'S factory. 531 Mission st ; good pay;
steady work.
, 2 YOUNG ladles for general office work; whole-
, sale house; beginning $4 per week. Address,
own handwriting, box 2245. Call office.
LADIES — Copy letters home: $4 to $8 weekly:
• send stamped envelope. Anchor Supply Co..
. CO Wabaih ave, Chicago. ',
WANTED — Woman for mending and darning
1 day each week in private family; stata
: wages.' Box 22-12. Call office. . .
. I GIRL wanted to work in factory: one who has
i worked In paper box factory preferred. Ap-
¦ ply at trunk factory. 17th st, near Folsom.
1 WANTED — Two compositors; straight matter;
one apprentice; permanent position. Printer
.' box 2208. Call office.
APPRENTICE for cloak and suit alteration
; with pay. Apply WEINSTOCK. LUBIN &
1 CO., .corner Market and Taylor sts.
• WANTED — Stenographer: small wages: prlvU-
! ege of outside work. H. S. WOOLNER. room
' 7, Mills building.' 1
I EXPERIENCED operator on hemstitch and
pleating machine. HEYNEMANN & CO..
• 410% Mission st.
r EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON. 51S
• Market »t
1 WANTED— German or Swedish girl for Hffct
' •'*»»•*«*. ¦¦.¦» fourth st.
A TEST meeting. 009 Market, rear hall— 11.
free; 2-8. 10c Swan. Maxwell, Wrenn, others.
MRS. MART EVANS— Circle to-night, 10c;
every night but Friday. 120 Cth; read, dally. .
MRS. STODDARD, convincing test circles.' 10c;
Sunday, Tuesday; readings dally. 278 Oth.
MRS. < ELSIE REYNOLDS — Materializing
seance. Sunday. .8 p. m. 825 Ellis st; BOc.
EDWARD EARLE'S ' wonderful convincing
slate-writing seance to-night. S28 Ellis St. -
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p. m.
10S4 Bush st, near Leaven worth; 50c. , ¦
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
political and unsectarlan) — Meeting to-night
. at 310 O'Farntll st; subject, "The Necessity
for Play." Musical selections. AH Invited.
To-morrow night, dramatic presentation and
•entertainment: proceeds , humanitarian.
_ ' . MEETING R'OTICES. '_ ¦¦
FRANCO- AMERICAN ' Lodge No.
207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and #752£§t
members are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of '"fl***
our kite brother. * HENRI SOULAGB. from
Odd Fellows' Hall, SUNDAY. January 12,
1002. at 1:30 p. m. . J. MERRIENE. N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Sec. , -
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F. r- -,¦¦
Officers and members are re-
quested to attend the funeral
of our late brother. ELWOOD C. <""*£¦
HEISTER. from Odd Fellows' Hall. TO-
DAY (SUNDAY) at 12:30 p. m. By order
DR. A. J. ZOBEL. N. G.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.
— Installation of officers TUES- 4^E$Sn^-
DAY EVENING, January 14.
Visiting brothers cordially lnvit- In-^J*
ed. J. H. HUDSON, Noble Grand.
GEO..H. STEWART. Rec Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310 I. O. vWVBKaSe,
O. F.— Installation of officers
MONDAY EVENING. January
13. Members are requested to at- 'vv'/ttw-
tend; visitors welcome. •
O. M. COLBURN, N. G.
E. A. WHEELER. R. E.
OFFICERS and members of Yerba -«*rffit?jh
Buena Lodsre No. 15 are re- «5?^!§Si
quested to meet In lodgeroom on r!53*&S?
TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 14. ''mW"
for the purpose of paying a fraternal visit
to Magnolia Lodge No. 29. On this occasion
our special team of past grands will confer
the initiatory degree. A full attendance is
desired. W. P. HUMPHREYS, N. G.
W. W. CROSS. Rec. Sec.
THE officers and members of Court u/»
Live Oak No. 67. F." of A., will as- PtT
semble at their hall. Railroad and jt\
Fourteenth aves.. TO-DAY • (SUN- * _>
DAY), at 12:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother. HENRY J. GREANY.
By order F. L. KRUGER. C. R. '
J. C. OBRION. R. S. -.. | I
BURNS Anniversary, the social treat t* «y >.
of the season — Clan Frazer No. IS, CmCSj
Order of Scottish Clans, will cele- "tJvXi*
brate the anniversary of ROBERT **^i?T»
BURNS by a grand Scotch concert and
dance. Some of Burns' choicest poems will
be illustrated by several characteristic tab-
leaux. Oration, "Robert Burns," by Rev.
William Rader. The committee in charge
has spared no expense in procuring the best
vocal talent for the event. THURSDAY
EVENING. January 23, 1902. 8 o'clock. Odd
Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market sts. Ad-
mission 25c. J. W. KING, Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
327 Market st. San Francisco. Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
i pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market Et. In the city and county
of San Francisco. State • of California,' on
WEDNESDAY, the lMh day of January.
1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to rerve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose of smendinc article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the ''annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday.' Jan-
uary 4. at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take notice that the annual meeting
of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poiation. will be held at the principal office
cf the company, in the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market st. between Fourth and
Fifth, in the city and county of San Fran-
- Cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY.
. the ICth day of January; 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of such other bust- I
ness as may properly come before the meet-
ing. .By order of the board of directors.
• ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2. 1902. ' • ' -
ANNUAL MEETING — OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company. S27 Market street, in the City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
on TUESDAY, the 21st day of January. 1302.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday, January 10, 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President
' ~ H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the .company, 327
Market Et San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 20th day of January. 1902, • at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of elect-
Ing a board of directors to serve for the en-
Eulng year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-'
uary 17, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st, San Francisco. Cal. —
The snnual meeting of the stockholders of
the Ran Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 415 Post St.. In the city and county of
San Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 21. 1902 The transfer books
of the company will be closed from January
10, 1902. to and Including January 21. 1902.
(SlKtied) 'WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated San .Franclso. January 6, 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS 1 MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 222 Market st. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21, 1902. at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
• directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
January 9. 1902. . - ' : •
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cal.. will be held at Us banking-house, 301
Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
euch other business as may come before the
meeting. i GEORGE GRANT, Becretary-
San Francisco. December 13, 1901.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
' . AGENTS WANTED. {%? '
AGENTS— A Brand opportunity to make money
selling our new pocket atlas of the world;
contains over 400 pages; Including maps of
every State in the Union and every foreign
country; over 100 pages of valuable descrip-
tive matter and the new census, giving the
population of every incorporated city, town ;
«nd village, also every county in the United i
. States. Send 25c for sample copy and terms
to agents. RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chl-
cago. III. ¦¦ ,
AGENTS— $50 weekly and expenses. Sample
free. Greatest money making Invention of
the age. Automatic Washer does family
washing In 30 minutes without labor or at-
tention. Cheaper than any other machine.
Indestructible. Every lady buys. Agents
coining money. Write for sample ¦ and
agency. AUTOMATIC WASHER CO., Sta-
tion U, Chicago. ¦ .
AGENTS wanted In every town or city not sup-
plied with our%nameled letters, signs, labels,
house numbers, door plates, new metal letters
for show cards: secure territory. THE
BAKER LETTER CO.. 641 California St.,
San Francisco. ,; ¦ -
A GOOD opportunity to make lots of money
and at the same time relieve suffering hu-
manity of all pains and aches without drugs
or medicine. Appljs to L. F. COURTNEY.
Gen. Agt. 914 jf»lencla street, S. F.-
WE want men of good address for city : and
State: none but hustlers 'need apply. Call or
address OLIVER McDEVITT, Royal House.
126 Ellis sf
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott. bldg.
TWO men to do some advertising work. Call
room 1. 1067 Market st .
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market st— Roofs.
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
:> JBOARDISG FOR, CHILDREN.
WIDOW' would like 1 or 2 children to board;
good home; near school. 25 John st..' off
Powell.- , ;-.- . . : .
GERMAN lady would board ; couple of chtl-
¦ dren; room for parent. ,439 Minna st ¦
YOUNG child to board in private * family:
reasonable- Box 2923. Call. -
v SAIC FRANCISCO CALL. •
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
fall, comer of Market and Third streets; open
•:nt:l 12 o'clock every nluht In the year. - ;
BRA.VCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ra.
roo Hayea ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m. -
ft» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
"15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦ .;
• !U1 Mission street; open until 10 p. in.
-?<<! Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
«"*" 0 P . m.
""I Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
7O0C Valencia street: open until ft p. m.
N'nrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
v:'kv ft:-*><?ts: cp*n until J» p. m.
'-TOO niinon' Ftrerf onen ur'tll ft n. Tn.
/CHURCH SERVICES. ,
VXITAR1AN Church (First). S. W. cor. Geary
and Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Dev. Dr. Etebbins. minister emer-
itus; Charles A. Murdock. superintendent of
Sunday (school. The Sunday school Is at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Mr. Leavitt will preach the sermon : music
by choir and chorus. Prof. Bacon's. Bible
clars at 10 a. m. Society Christian Work on
Monday. All are cordially invited. There
is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore, min-
ister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. Morn-
iiiK theme. "One Thing-." Evening theme.
"Jefus and Jonah, or Modern Methods of
BSble Study." The annual meeting of the
BOctety will be held on Tuesday^venlnjj.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough fts..
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, rector — Holy
Communion. 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday school, 0:H0
a. m.; morning service, 11, sermon by rector;
evening prayer. 4; special service for men
cmly at 8 p. m. Addresses by Dr. David
Ktarr Jordan, president Stanford University,
subject, "The Strength of Clean Living"; Dr.
JJenjamin I. Wheeler, president University of
California, subject, "The Moral Man." All
seats free.
lilCHMOND Congregational Church, cor. Sev-
enth ave. and ; Clement Et. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coorabe; residence, 3*15 Jackson st,
telephone Jackson 1041. 11 a. m., sermon;
theme. "Going: Forward Under Divine Com-
mand." 7:45 p. m.. six thousand five hun-
dred dollars in notes and mortgages to be
ourned. with appropriate service. Sunday
school. 9:45 a. m. Christian Endeavor So-
ciety. 6:45 p. m. Seats free; a cordial .wel-
come for every one.
PARK Confrrefratlonal Church. 1649 Hayes St..
near Lyon — Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m.' Preaching by Rev. J. K. McLean. D. D.
Communion at morning service. Sunday
school at 12:30. Y. P. 6. C. E. at 6:30.
Seats all free; everybody welcome.
ff-IE Bethlehem CcngreKatlonal Church, on
Vermont tt., near 24th, will be reopened
Sunday, Jan. 12. Services in the evening at
7:45. A eood attendance is
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Califor-
nia and Octavia sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D. D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge, as-
sociate pastor. Dr. H.emphlll will preach at
11 a. m. ; topic, "The Evangelization of San
Francisco." and at 7:30 p. m. at the Second-
street Mission. Mr. Eldredge will preach at
7:30 p. m.: topic. "The Apprqaching King-
dom." Morning Sabbath school at 10. After-
noon Sabbath school at 12:30. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:30. All are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento et. — Sen-ices at 11 a.
m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday Echpol at 12:43 p.
m. Christian Endeavor' at 6:15 p. m. Rev.
Dr. E. E. Baker, pastor of the First Pres-
byterian Church, Oakland, will preach in the
mcrning, and Rev William Kirk Guthrie in
the evening. All are cordially invited.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, cor. Gold-
en Gate ave. and Polk st — Preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m., by the
pastor, H. H. Bell. D. D. Morning theme:
"The Infinite God"; evening theme, •"'The'
Rope and Paul." Sabbath school at 9:45 a.
m. C. E. Societies at S:30 and 6:30 p. m.
Strangers cordially invited to all services.
Pews free. Courteous usners. Come and
bring your friends.
CENTRAL Church. Mission Et. between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Briggs. 11 a. m., 'sermon;. topic,
. "The Prayers of Jesus." 12:45 p. m.. Sun-
day school, Rolla V. Watt superintendent
fi:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian Endeavor.
7:.'J0 p. m., concert; programme, organ
voluntary (Warren); anthem, "O Be Joyful"
(Garrett); quartet "The Lord Give Ear"
<Rheinberger): contralto solo. "The Penitent"
(Coombs), iliss Logan Tooley; violin solo,
"iJcnedictus" (Mackenzie), Charles E. Rob-
sen; anthem. "There Is a City Great and
Strong" iSchnecker). 8 p. m.. close of the
canvass and Christian conference conducted
by twenty students of the University of Cali-
fornia. Platform meeting; topic, "Christ's
Call to a Life Work"; speakers, I. B. Rhodes.
R. R. Service, F. F. Goodsell. Organist and
choirmaster. Roscoe Warren Lucy. The seats
are free and the people are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev.
John Stephens, pastor. At 11 a. in. Rev.
George B. Smythe. D. D., missionary secre-
tary, will epeak. Tb^ pastor will preach at
7:3o p. m. on. "The Will and the Deed."
Music by large choir under the direction of
I. E. Blake. Seats free; all Invited. Sunday
school at. 12:45 p. xn. Epworth League at
0:31' d. ra.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block, 223 Sutter st, between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject cf lesson-sermon, "Life."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 9 o'clock.
Free reading-rooms, 206 Kearny St., rooms
509-510. All are welcome.
FREE religious services conducted by the Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills at Golden Gate Hall.
Sunday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The sub,-
j*>ct of Mr. Mills' lecture will be. • "The Way
of the World." Solos by Will L. Smith.
barytone. Doors open at 7:15; admission
free. '
FIRST Church cf Christ (Scientist) of Alameda
will In future hold their services In Tucker
Hall. 1424Vi Park et.; Sunday service at 1L
LOWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st. — Special
addresses by Mr. Alfred Mace, Lord's day
afternoon, January 12. 3 o'clock. "The Five
Widows of the Gospels"; Lord's day even-
ing. January 12. 7:45 o'clock. "Creation, Sal-
vation, Translation." ¦ Gospel addresses.
Lord's day. Wednesday and Thursday even-
ings at 7:45. You are invited.
A MASS meeting for men In the Toung Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis sts., this efterno<Jn at 3 o'clock; will be
addressed by Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.
Special music by Harry H. Barnhart All
men welcome.
THE Theosophical Society — Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock,
. by Thomas Prime of Birmingham, England;
subject "The Planetary Chain," part 3 (il-
lustrated by sterecpticon views). Inquirers'
. olass Sunday morning at 11 o'clock. The
children's group, "The Golden Chain." Sun-
day morning at 11:30. Public meetings
Thursday- afternoon at 2:30 and Tuesday
evening at H o'clock. Lending library open
daily from 1 to 4 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL— Free public lecture every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building, 809 Mar-
ket St.; eubject to-night, "Heredity and Pre-
natal Influences," by Dr. Will C. Bailey. Bible
class Sundays, 11 a. m. Inquirers' class and
lecture on "Thought Culture" Thursdays.
2 :30 p. m. Free library and reading-room
open Monday, Thursday and Saturday, 1 to
i p. m., and Saturday evenings.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
IJLA. — DR. JOHN A- KERGAN will lecture this
evening et Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market et; subject "Natural Defenses of
the Body," followed by magnificent views of
Christlania; free tickets will be distributed
- for X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium next
Tuesday evening. Seats free. No collection.
Remember the Qutestlon Box.
VAN AUKEN College of Health; magnetism,
strength and a fine complexion assured with-
out drugs; free lecture on hypnotism, 8
o'clock Monday ex-ening; classes In hypnotism
now forming. 330 Ellis st; cut this out
~~~~ NOTICE. "
Brockway's independent writing and psychic
seance to-night. 25c; pri\-ate readings daily.
1052 Ellis St., bet. Franklin and Gough.
NOTICE.
THE Kismets marvelous materializing test cir-
cle to-night 8 p. m., 00c; slate writing sit-
tings. OOc; life readings, fl; hours 10 a. m.
to 4 p. m., 7 to 8 p. m. 1239 Market St.,
near Ninth.
A TEST meeting, 909 Market front hall; 11,
free: 2:30. regular mediums; 8 p. m., Mrs.
Case. Wilson, Nevlns; minerals read, 10c
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall,
305 Larkin et.. Jan. 12/7:30 p. m. ; Mrs. R.
S. Lillie, speaker; free.
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting to-
night. 3250 Twenty-second st, bet Mission
and Valecnia; 10c.
MP.S. GILLINGHAM'S circle Thursday. 8 p.
in' JOc. 305 Larkin st; hours 1 to 5 Monday
an<l Thursday.
MADAM WINZOLA <Mrs. Lester) test circle
to-night 10c; readings dally. 122 Taylor st,
room 8.
¦^^^ —^ — — — .^—^^^m
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HANDLEY, celebrated platform test me-
dium. Sunday evening, rear hall, 900 Market
' "NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown Odd
Fellows' bldg., 8 p. m. Seats . free. Music
MRS. HAHLAND'S test meeting to-night;
letters read; 10c; readings 50c-?l. 132 Sixth.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st— Circle to-night
10c; undisputed facts and full names given.
K. HUESSMANVS test circle to-night 25c.
. 1774 15th st, near Guerrero; sittings dally.
•W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
Blent ex. Saturday; admission lOo. \i& Si**)*.
.; : - , r :^IjA\T. ; .:v;- ..
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs..
Open evenings by appointment :phoneJohn31Sl..
» Q. W.HQWK. 850 Market st.'. cor. : Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages: bills of Bale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful ; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.8H) Market.
R. W. KING, Examiner.; bldg.. - 6th Boor ; /; all
1 cases: fees low; estates, collections; etc. ; con-
sultation free; no advance fees;, open eves.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
IW. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
. ket ft : consultation free; no fees In advance.
It I C VCLES— Kor Sale or lisclinrMre.
ALLEN, agent for Columbia and all good'blcy-
clea: second-hand wheels reduced. 301 Larkin.
HOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult.- metaphysical books
¦ go to 142t» Market st.-S.'-F. - '¦'---
HtSlNKSS XrtA.MIES.
$2760............... $2750 .......... .....$2750
Large livery and boarding stable.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything ¦ complete. \
Over 50 steady boarders. , .
Finest location in city. ¦
Party retiring from the business. Full. par-
ticulars by STENBERG CO.. 759 Market
FIRST-CLASS boarding and rooming house:
elegantly furnished;, full of , boarders and
roomers; must be a responsible party; a bar-
gain for the right party: rent $200 per month.
. McBRHJE & CO.. 705 MarKet St., rooms 1-2.
2 RESTAURANTS for Bale at sacrifice; $225 to
$300. Investigate at McBRIDE & CCh'S, 765
Market st '
15 CIGAR stands, $150 to $2C25.
15 restaurants. $75 to $3000.
12 saloons, ?400 to $2800.
3 groceries and bar, $750 to $3500.
25 candy, delicatessen, etc. . •¦ :
RYAN & FIELD. 935 Market st., opposite
Mason, room 3. Telephone Folsom 3022. .
$1000 — A FINE grocery business, paying well;
horse, harness and wagon; scales, coffee
mill, fixtures, show cases and nice clean
stock of staple groceries; rent of store and
6 living rooms, $20, Including barn; owner
selling, on account of sickness ; six blocks
from any store; fine location.
, E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1003 Broadway, Oakland. ¦
A— $400; SALOON, city front; rent $20; re-
ceipts $15 day. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
A — $1500; FIRST-CLASS saloon; Market St.;
clears $300 mo. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange business of
any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny at. .
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy sit, rooms IS and 19. .
Hotels, restaurants. \ lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. ¦
5500— PARTNER wanted In profitable light
manufacturing business; duties light; easily
acquired; no night work. DONNELLY CO.,
632 Market St. . - ¦ "
$350— PARTNER: $200 cash, bal. out of busi-
ness; no' experience. Decker. 921 Market, r. 5.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go . to
.DECKER, 021 Market st. : - '
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 402 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN opportunity — Over S8 per cent paid In
14 weeks; best paying proposition ever pre-
sented; your money always subject to your
control; highest references; write for particu-
lars. Denver Co-operative investment Assor
elation. C04 Exchange building, Denver, Colo.
DO you want to make money? Our systems
turf- speculation will earn large dividends
weekly; Indorsed by leading financial Jour-
' nals; write immediately for particular.
HAMMOND & CO., 21 Park. Row, New
York City. - • ¦ . - ;. '
$2712 WON at the races on $10 capital In 38
days: accounts of $5' and upward received;
RESULTS guaranteed; safest system known.
Call or write full particulars, PUBLIC FORM
TURF ADVISORY CO., 6 Eddy st, room 105,
St. Ann's building. -
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; exolanation free. N.' S. HAND &
CO., Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st,
San Francisco, Cal. ~ ¦ ¦ '
$250^— GROCERY, fruit and dairy produce store
doing a good business; in a good location; 3
living rooms; 'rent only $12 50; good .reason
for selling. 314A Golden Gate ave.
$1200 FOR a business paying $250 to $300 per
month; fullest Investigation allowed and will
make easy terms; must be sold at once; no
• agents. Box 2203, Call.
ROADHOUSE for sale; price $2500; good loca-
tion; 20 rooms; long lease; present owner 10
years; to sell on account of sickness. Box
- 2201. Call. • .-:.-- "
LADY partner between 20 and 30 (single) with
little money for nice profitable business;
something new. Ad. J. Z. F.. 718A Harrison.
WANTED — An Intelligent business woman to
train and continue a remunerative business;
small amount money needed. Box 2608, Call.
A WELL-PAYING seml-advertlslng medical
business, $1500; low rent; good proposition
for business man or doctor.. Box 7963, Call.
FOR sale — Stock of millinery, for less than
, half price; $40. Call at 327 Geary st., above
Powell, after 10 a. m.
$300— REAL estate office; Market St.; full in-
vestigation; party retiring. Box 2246, Call.
I WANT to buy a saloon or grocery and bar
either side of Market Box 2941. Call office.
WANTED — Party with some means '¦ to take
charge of paying business. Box 2208, | Call.
COR. grocery and bar; good trade; fine location;
security taken. Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
FOR sale — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
$200. 3372 Mission St. . - - -
WANTED — To buy a good hand laundry. Box
I 2220, Call office.
I CITY front saloon and lunch house for sale.
Apply 629 Davis st. .'
WANTED — A few men to put In $300 each and
develop a gold mine of merit; come and ex-
amine for yourself and I will explain thor-
oughly. Room 408,- 4th floor. Annex Call
building, San Francisco.
IF you have $1000 to invest in the organizing
of a- corporation that is certain of success
call at room 406, 4th floor, Annex to Call
building. .". ¦- . ..-. '¦'-. ,:
IF you have $1500 cash to Invest I can make
' you secretary of a corporatl6n to be organ-
ized that will be certain to make you $2000
in twelve months; would be pleased to ex-
plain thoroughly and would prefer party who
can operate Smith typewriter and Is a stenog-
rapher. Call at room 406. 4th floor. Annex to
Call bldg.. S. F., Monday or Tuesday.
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good
location, for sale cheap account sickness;
steady Income more than expenses;. chance to
double business. J. R. WEBB, Nevada block,
r. 36. -...¦ ¦.'•¦
Al HOTEL property. and furniture, bar, etc.,
doing a big business; the only hotel; sacri-
ficed because of sickness; only $5750.
N. D. SICKffLS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary St.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor store; near Mar-
ket See BEN J. GOLDMAN CO., 119 Bush.
$350 — Partnership; estab. bus.; pleasant occu-
patlon;dutles light. Cal.Bus.Assn.. 865% Mkt.
AN active partner ."required in an old estab-
lished wholesale and manufacturing tea, cof-
fee and spice business located In our whole-
sale district; an excellent opening for the
right man; principals only. - Address ¦ box
2267. Call office. / .
CANDY and notion store; a bargain ; no . rea
sonable offer refused. 2239 Mission, 2 p. m.
RESTAURANT : and bar ' for sale; good loca-
tion; $850. Box 2254, Call office.
OYSTER and chop house for sale,' 523 Pacific
St.; prop, has two places; wants to sell one.
$40O— DELICATESSEN; good trade; rent $20.
Call- 317% Third st.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St., Santa
Cruz. Cal. '¦ ' . ¦ - . • . : ,-
CANDY ¦ store : and factory , for sale ; sacrifice.
250 Ellis st. ..-..-¦¦¦.¦-
ESTABLISHED .fruit and vegetable stand for
sale; 2 living rooms; cheap. 130 Eighth st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
S6-ROOM hotel and bar. . . .... ....... . . .' .$1700
14 rooms; on Mission st ................ 500
54 rooms; fine corner; clears S300..... . 4C00
10-room flat on Post........ 1000
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200. ....:. 1000
14 rooms ; r worthi $800 ................. 600
, , 10 rooms; only: .....•....,' ....... .....; 300
24 rooms; near Powell ' and . Geary. ...... 1850
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient :¦ clears $150..'......' 1250.
. 23 rooms; clears $100 .................. 950
100 rooms; clears $400...........;...... 6500
10 rooms; on Eddy st ..... ..;... .;.'... 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST KATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN: ..;.:......
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 706.
A— FINE' FLAT FOR' SALE. "~ ¦ -¦' ¦
, "10 rooms and bath; downtown, near Post and
' ' Powell; clears fm month: payments to. suit
DECKER. 1020 Market St. :
AA ....... ATTENTION, BUYERS . . . s . . . AA
; You may buy any rooming-house in the
• • city and pay for.it .. ,-^'^<3kjv;?j£&r
In - monthly • payments 'Jy.iii?;
! From the profits of the house. ¦
We - furnish .vacant ' houses v .' .,
: / ¦-'-' DONALD* INXTSSTMENT^COMP ANY,
830 Market'it. '. ¦ ;:; : \Tol. Davis. 281.'
LODGING HOUSE S '¦; FOR ; SALE— -Con. ",
A—', >;, '-¦:'¦. Near the Call buildings.- 1 * f
'¦¦'¦" ; Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN,"; 719 Market st; rms. 1-2. S
.-':;-. ¦: Money to loan ' on lodg- '
. -¦•¦¦-. • ' ; '-. - ,-.>.-• lng-houses or on real es- •
estate. 'Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms.'. Please call.
j.,18 r.; new, building; rent $60; bargain.. $1000
¦' 10 r. ; 5 blocks . N of Mkt. ; 2 floors ; heavy
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.; nice, clean
-house ...'....... -.....'.......:..: $525
'12 r.; rent $55; must sell: a snap...... .$400 I
'. 14 jr. ; rent $45 ; - clears $54 ; ; clean ; > transient
and permanent - .7.. !.V... . -..'... V.?t500
ji§ 13 r. ; on Geary st. ; 5 blocks of Market; highly
respectable; good neighborhood; present owner
been there 5 years;: good furniture and 'good' •
.*. carpets; no other agent has it for sale;' will
I • take a small house In part pay . ; . . .'". . . . .$1100
; 7 r. ; rent $16; owner going East; nice:'.. $300
40 r.; one of the best houses in ' S.. F. : ele-
gantly furnished: fine- location; clears $17«j
• month: . . . . ..'... . . ;........ ... ..... . $4000
28 r.; permanent, tran.; clears $120 mo. $1400
55 r.; central; income $375 above, rent. $5000
50 r.;, rent $140; income $350 per mo.. $4000
100 r. ; fine corner;-, elevator; office; cleats I
a $400 . ... . : . . . . . . . . .\. ...... .... . . . . . : ; .$7000
'.¦* I can show you a bona-flde proposition with
' income of $7C8 per month • above rent : the
V very best investment , in this city. . . . .'iSSOOO
CALL ON RETSLOFF. -HE CAN SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner sick;must sell.. ...... $200
12 rooms; corner; clears $45. ...'....... 525
100 rooms; grand cqr.; clears $500; pymts 5500
, 21 rooms: Al location; payments.. 1000
¦ . 8 rooms : just listed : good . . . . ;.*•-. -100 I
IS rooms; weir furnished; bargain.. 1250 |
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale.:. 3000 j
10 rooms; best In city; payments. .. U00
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF.
I (Tel. John 531.) OOC Market st. cor. Ellis.
36 ROOMS; corner: Just listed; income $250.
Particulars see RETSLOFF. • .
1S^ ROOMS ; well furnished : a bargain : • clears i
$85; price $1250; payments to suit, Retsloff. j
A— WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market; photo-
graph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211.. ¦
Invite you to call upon them if you desire to
buy. a ladgrlng-house, and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. Specials: •
30 , rooms; rent $75. $1400
. 40 rooms; rent $100..... .3250
45 rooms; rent $125................;... 2900
18 rooms; rent $67........ 675,
14rooms; rent \$60. 1000 ;
• 18 rooms; rent $37 50 1050 i
50 ROOMS; new 'house; new . furniture ; cheap !
• rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and !
see It. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,. 850
Market st. . (
WANTED — A lady manager with small capital ;
to take charge of profitable rooming and .
boarding house. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market st.
BUYERS, If. you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or If you want to borrow
MONEY at 1 % per cent, call on M. EJ
RIVES. 016 Market st. rm. 60; tel. Main 128..
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market et., rooms 1 and
-2 — Bargains in lodging-houses; a big list;
nice, choice. Please call and Investigate.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
elzes and prices. 'in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt
THREE hundred houses from $250 to $10,000.
RYAN & FIELD, telephone Folsom 3022. t
935 Market, room 3,* opposite Mason.
J.H.STANTON, real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
BOARDING-HOUSE In good condition, to cost
$2000 to $3000 in spot cash, wanted north of
Market st. Box 2231, Call.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange lodging-houses of
' any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A — ELEGANT new northwest corner. 45 rooms,
4 baths. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market
CARPEJr BEATIN G^£^JQ£^^^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40. |
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th 6t.;tei:Capp2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.', 402 Sutter it:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM £.CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 2B3.
O^NKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning • Works. I
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL.' Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74. '
— ¦ I
SrilUTUALISSf.
DON'T fail to , read SIR HENRY PRI-
' CHARD'S large ad on page 22. :-.. .. . ¦ <¦ .
MME. CARLA HANSON, from Chicago, won-
d erf ul clairvoyant and card reader; . advice
given on all affairs of life for short time only;
"no sign; hours 0 to 5. 608 Ellis; residence
215 Gough; Sunday evenings by appointment.
BROCKWAY* S Independent writing and psychic
seance to-night;. 25c; private readings daily.
1052 Ellis st, between Franklin and Gough.
V ' t'\ ¦- ¦¦'¦ ¦
BE sure and read j the letter addressed to
£ ISMAR, published on page 22 to-day.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materiallz-
: Ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seahce
. Tues., Fri.-J Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
BROCKWAY,; 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and '
Gough; phone Larkin . 3761— Seances Sun.. ¦
' Tues.. Thurs., 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings, 10-5. 1
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st. ; readings 50c and
$1; circle every night, 10c. '
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1610
Clay st; circle to-night; consultation dally.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; SOc and $1. 15S3 Market, near Twelfth.
CARD reading; . ladles 10c; gentlemen 25=;
. hours, 1 to 8. 625 Minna st , near Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A. W. A. STONE.
' King of Clairvoyants and Life Readers,
256 Turk St. -
No One Was Ever Yet Lost on a Straight Road.
. Call upon STONE If you are traveling on
uncertain roads, for no. worry or trouble is too
dark or deep for him to Unravel and reach the
cause; no case too difficult for. him to conquer.
Remember', no matter what your trouble Is,
what causes your doubt, . what worries you
have, whether on domestic, social, love or busf-
ness affairs, call on him and his never falling
advice will help you.
If you are In search of true psychic powers
to reveal your uncertainties, call ; for a con-
sultation with Stone is always satisfactory or
no fee accepted. Hours. 10 a. - m. to 7 p. m. ;
Sundays by appointment.
Ladles 50c. Gents $1. '.'-
256 Turk at '
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.-
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
i ket st* cor. - Golden Gate ave.; rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. ¦ Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed , by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
DON'T fall to read' SIR HENRY PRI-
CHARD'S large ad on page 22. j
. I ' ' '. ' . "j vvV,; A V
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c ¦ and up; satisfaction > to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 218 Vt 6th.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, ' V
•'.. ¦ HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when all others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st; readings by mall. .
A MARRIAGE foretold In detail by the mar.
. : velous ISMAR Is published on page 22 to-day.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, ' clairvoyant . and
.palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
¦poslte Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
. to. 5 p. m. f -Sundays, from 10; to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
'V reader. 1 born -with double veil — second -sight;
v diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles5Oo,-
> gents $1; palm, and clalr. git, f 1 B0. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellia:; clairvoyant.
: crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS/- LA VON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
Mor no pay; 25c and 60c.." 234%;Slxth st.--.-. ¦•••'.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
.. spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. SOc.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
¦ ' gents 50c., 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
i MRS. ¦ BROWN, clairvoyant, ¦ card • reader ; f la-
, dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME.;Odell, clairvoyant,; tells past, -present &
' ' " future. L. , 26c; ' G. ; 60c.-, 242 Minna, upitain.
_. CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued. ,.
SIR > HENRY PRICHARD. : \
. ''}. TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT AND -PALMIST.
ai Direct' from Hotel' Cecil. :London. mTi^
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THE
QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
'Have < a psychic readlne or . a palmistry
: reading, and learn what the- future, has In
*. ¦; store lor . you. ¦ . ¦¦ -«¦¦•
Prichard has been consulted by the Czar
" at Russia, Emperors of Germany, China and
Japan; also by distinguished men and women
in , every walk of
; FREE! "FREE!: FREE!
IF NOT CORRECT.
So ' positive am I of my powers to tell the
Past, Present, Future, and exactly what you
.want to know that I. will make :
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
¦ Unless you obtain ¦ perfect . satisfaction and
find me superior to all vther mediums, clalr
yoyents . and : palmists in this city. ; -
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND
HARMONY, PEACE, POWER AND
HAPPINESS.
' You . are experiencing : either domestic or
! business difficulties. . You are worrying about
something. : You are in doubt. . You suspect
• that everything is not as it Bhould be. You
are pnhappy— at times very melancholy.
- Everything seems to go wrong with you.
Why- not 'seek the advice of - one who ha«
' helped . and i advised " the greatest men and
women of the world? You may never hav£
another opportunity to consult a man of the
reputation and standing of Sir Henry Prlch-
Make no mistake when you undertake any-
' thing of Importance— get his advice first.
Hundreds of . others have been put on the
road to fortune byTTfrn, so why not you?
HE TELLS TOUR 'FULL NAME.
MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME. ETC. HE
ALSO GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS
1 SPECULATION, INVESTMENTS. . Insur-
ance, 'changes, travels, health, sickness, love,
divorce,' MARP.IAGE. LAWSUITS, separa-
tions. WILLS, deeds, mortsages. patents,
CLAIMS, collections, etc. He will tell you
what trade, business or profession you are
adapted for. :
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
' Gives truthful revelations on all love af-
fairs, troubles, marriages, and by proper ad-
¦ vice restores lost affection, reunites the sep-
. arated. settles lovers', quarrels, tells you
WHEN AND WHOM YOU WILL MARRY
-and how s to WIN the man • or woman you
• love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overpower all
your enemies: gives full secret how to con-
. ' trol and charm any one you lpve or meet.
HE NEVER- FAILS TO GIVE PERFECT
... SATISFACTION.
You are told how to avoid weakness,
warned against all ' treacherous friends. , Lo-
cates buried treasures, mines, old estates,
lost friends, etc. ; —
TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES.
If you cannot call, write I and send $1, 2c-
Btamp, date of birth and three questions and
1 . receive correct answers by return mail. - All
mall matter and P. O. money orders should
be addressed to Sir Henry's Drlvate secre-
tary, Mr. C. F. Walsh (this address).
/^Sir Henry Prichard intends to make this"
cltv his permanent home. • •
• Hours— Dally, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
- 10 to 5. ¦¦ • • • '. ' * '
Suites 11, 12,. 13. 14, 15, 15}4 (The Ven-
" me '1104— MARKET STREET— 1104
¦ Near Cor. er of Turk.
Nearly opposite ZInkand's. Upstairs. First
Floor. Maid J.n Attendance. *.
See Display Add. on Page 22.
MRS MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken :tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
60c and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant: scl-
-entlflc palmist: card reader. 1007% Market
! MRS B Baumann. well-known fortune teller.
, has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
'CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant 349V5
Minna st. near Fifth.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
•' advlo»:'n»m<»B given: 215c up. B Fourth st.
COLLECTION , OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, 916 Market st. : advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
¦ unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
. COTTAGES TO • LET.
NEW 'cottage, 6 rooms, bath; lot 27:6x100
feet; near Mission cars; for sale ' at rental
terms. Owner, 636 Clay St., room 1. .
- SUBURBAN COTTAGE TO LET.
ROSS Valley:' large 5-room hilltop sunny cot-
tage; furnished; piano, etc. 514 Pine; 10-12.
PESTISTS. • -^' _ ¦
A DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market et., Emma
Spreckels bldg.' — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 60; other flll-
- ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and " guaranteed, ' $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
, and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
I wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
. cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE. W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ,st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market cor.
. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done paln-
1 lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW, plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, SOc;
plates- $5. full set: all work painless and war-
' ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 . Sixth st
FIRS1-CLASS dentistry;' lst-class prlces;lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING.M.D.. dentist
room 24, 14 McAllister st; painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, SOc.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 000 Mission. SE. cor. Cth.
SET or teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk yt.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary. nr.Larkln^-Paln-
¦less ext, BOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist,
•: late 'Of New York City, has Just located at
SOU Jones st, where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.-
~ DOG ) t HOSPITALS]
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clasa rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
; EDUCATIONAL. . .
SECOND term night school for : men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts.; 15-week courses, beginning January 6;
| bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
v . English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in .algebra, Anglo-American history,
. architectural drawing, • arithmetic, assaying.
- bookkeeping, " civil government, civil service,
commercial fireojrraphy, commercial law; elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
.vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
" political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. , Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA. .Educational Director; H. J.
. '; McCOY. General Secretary. . . ¦ • . ".
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
£ NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory . and shop work; thoroughly
. practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue 'free. • . - ¦ .
AYRES' Leading. Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
' • tees' a complete bus. education; • shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
V spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers
¦¦¦, new typewriters; positions . secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
' . 8. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
- engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
. A— The official. reporters of Supreme Court ad-"
¦ vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
. ¦ MARSH COLLEGE. - < Is this advice worth
', following? . , Life scholarship ; $50; ' catalogue.
A— The V LYCEUM. ¦ an accredited preparatory
' .• school ¦ for the , university, law and ¦ medical
.¦colleges preferences, President Jordan or any
-:'. Stanford professor. Phelan building.
'. MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, , typ-
. . Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
¦'. rott. bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, • elec.minlng, mech.sur-
j-vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
:l'der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
• CALD7ORNIA Business I College; most thorough
: modern methods; positions for - all > graduates;
, ;¦;• new 60-page catalogue free. SOS Larkin «tTHE" SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL; .SUNDAY' JANUARY 12, 1902;
37
REAL . ESTATE-- CITY— FOR : SALE.
BALDWIN '& HOWELU
J^&^S'r ' 10 ' Montgomery street.
I PROMINENT BUSINESS CORNER.
. • KENTUCKY ST.. POTRERO.
. ; . $27, 600— Rents, with present - old • improve-
ments/ $155 per month; lot -fronts 3 streets;
75x200. - .
BUSH ST]. NEAR LARKIN.
' ¦- SPLENDID INSIDE LOCATION. - .-.
i " - $7250 — Large house of 14 rooms, bath.' con-
servatory, etc.; can be easily converted into
3 flats; lot 30x137:6.
MISSION-ST. BRICK* BUILDING.
; NEAR FOURTH. ' '
Price $35,000 — Rents $2400 per annum net;
under lease; only expenses are taxes and in-
• bu ranee; pays 5 per cent net*. per annum:
; Mission . st. ; In business portion: 4-story, and
basement brick building; elevator.^ :
~ STORE AND FLATS/. -". :
: -ON SIXTH ST. - '-:^V'-:-
Price $27,500; rents $250 per month; splen-
. did: 3-story "bay-window frame building; in
1 - thorough " repair and ¦ condition ¦ throughout ;
contains stores on ground floor, flats above:
.'-large lot, 75x00; no better business thorough-
-iifare. ¦;¦>:-. • . .. . • .
. PROMINENT TRANSFER BUSINESS COR-
,'J ' NER— PRICE $10,000; RENTS $112.
Splendid building, containing stores, base-
ment and 2 rooms on lower floor; '. 2 large
bay-window fiats above; S rooms and bath
.each; stable and sufficient vacant ground on
-. endcf lot to further improve; lot. 37 :8xlOW;
'splendid place for a groceryman.
- BUSINESS INCOME PROPERTY. .
/' PRICE $20,000; RENTS $1704.
'•> Located on I best business portion of Hayes
St.; improvements ln splendid condition, con-
sisting, of store 'and flats; large lot, double
. ".frontage; worth Investigating'; always rented
* and stores In demand. 5-:.'/**
'. HAIGHT-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
SPLENDID BUILDING.
$12,000 — Business corner; - price ¦ reduced
from $14,000, prominent improved corner
1 -on Halght et.; store and 2 flats; rents low at
; $1080 per annum. ... ¦ « . - : y.. : \ ". — '
¦ Send to -our office for a copy of the "Buyer
'and Seller," a catalogue published" by us
monthly, containing a complete list of the
properties, both improved and unimproved,
offered by us for sale. Mailed to any, ad-
'drew free upon application. - v
BALDWIN &. HOWELL. •' ~
¦ - ' .10 Montyomery st.
~ > '• '.. - " ~
SELLING FAST.' • : .
-SEE THEM' TO-DAY.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.; .1.-
.<.-.-. Building lots on H st. and Nlneteenth-ave.
boulevard, fronting . Golden Gate Park. .
Prices moderate. Terms easy
Lots level ' Streets macadamized
' Official grade. Plank sidewalks
"Welsbach gas lamps.. Water and mall service
¦On car line..... .....On Park entrance
1 : . Low Prices '.
• -.Bound to increase ' in value; your own
' terr/»; Interest only 6 per cent.
Call • at once at our branch offlce (open
: week days, Sundays and holidays),"" corner of
- H st. and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate
Park, and - ask to be shown these beautiful
.lota. . . . . -
¦; ¦ BALDWIN. & HOWELL,
- 10 Montgomery st.
NEW houses, cottages and flats for sale cheap
. on 'easy terms in Sunset District, near the
music stand and, all Golden Gate Park attrac-
tions. Call at our branch office, open week
days, Sundays and holidays, corner H st.
and Ninth ave.
., BALDWIN & HOWELL,
, v ¦ : 10 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market, b'pp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$125,000.
Corner; lot 70x130 ft.; rent $900; 1 tenant.
v $70,000.
Reduced from $80,000; . corner; 75x75 feet,
one-third of block from Market st. and
close to Hibernia -Bank: 1 stores and lodging-
house.; best investment off Market st.; must be
sold. - . . ' •
$62,000.-
' - Large corner, within 2 blocks of Market st.
and Zinkand's; a rare. buy; 82 ft. frontage.
- . $60,000. .
Corner, 48x82:6; first corner facing Market
st. north;- sold for $42,000 twenty years ago;
want offer.' ;.*-•-.
$55,000. • '. Y : : '.'/:-
' * Half block from Orpheum; one block from
proposed Crocker Hotel and new Flood build-
ing; stores and' lodging-house.
- • $40,000. ¦¦- ¦ ¦¦¦^. '.-¦
Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very sub-
stantial Improvements; rents $255; pays 7 per
ceijt net. » ¦ , . . '. . .- > 7
.. • '-. , -..' $30,000.
.Fine business corner: 3 stores and' 6. flats*
building cost $25,000; lot 68:9x71; rents $2450
per year. - ,- - ¦ . ivt"
¦ $35,000.
MCALLISTER ST. CORNER.
85x93; good Improvements; rents $220.' fj~>
. ¦¦¦¦'¦ $27,600. . " •
Fillmore-st. business corner: best location- in
Western- Addition; store and flats: rents S200 '
- " -¦ ¦
Three new Ellis-st. flats; 27:6 frontage; year-
ly rents $1560. • -- ¦ . ¦ - ¦
$12,500.
'.\ Sutter st., near Jones; a choice buy.
-. ¦ ¦ $11,600/ ¦ "¦ ' .
- Ell ls-st. corner; stores and flats; three front-
ages; lot 37:te87:6; rents $05. . '
: $11,000.
Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter; rents $90.
. $9500. ..'.
Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown Investment.
. $9000. -. -
.. Elegant residence, 8 rooms; best modern ap-
pointments. -
- $55C0.
Flats; rents $50; lot 42:6 ft. frontage.
$3600.
Flats, vicinity Third and Howard sts. : rents
$43 50; mortgage $1700 can remain.'
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market. st.
SANTA FE TRACT.
POINT RICHMOND.
The prices of all unsold lots In block A 1 9
10. 21, 22, 33, 34, 43 and 44 will be Increased '
....$50 PER LOT...;.-.' '..
On and after January 21, 1902.
A few good level lots on graded streets can
now be had at from $125 up.-
- $10 Cash. - - - $5 Monthly.
McEWEN BROS ..118 Montgomery St.,
. Sole Agents. ¦ . .
SUNNYSIDE. . ...
.$900—231 Joost ave. : nice '4>room 'cottage; no
. . payment /down: monthly payment
?13 60; sAme as rent. .- - !
$1250 — 42 Clrculbr.ave.; store ana 5-room flat:
. store rents for ?8 per month; small
payment' down, balance same as rent.
$1250 — G-room house, lath, etc.; large base-
ment: rents for $12: $250 cash, balance i
?14 a month.
$1000 — 22» - Chapultepec. near 28th" and Mis-
: sion; this ia a bargain; no payment
'down; $14 a month.
$050—1819 16th ave.; new house. 4 rooms:
.:-.',;.¦• small payment I'own, -balance same as
rent. . .
?•^200—3508 . Mission st.: . store and livlng-
. -, rooms; ' small - payment down,' balance
same as rent. • ¦ -¦ .
. . A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome et.
$10,000— RENTS for; $120; can be Increased to
• . - - ; $140 at • small expense ; ¦ sold to settle
. - divided Interests; Vallejo st., near
Powell; 50x137:6 and L 50x77.
; $2750— Nice home, nearly new, on Tiffany
. .- - ave., near 29th; close to electric cars-
can arrange easy terms; $250 cash, $23
per month. .; . ...
',; $1150— Cheap building lot on 18th St., near
; Noe; ready for building. .
$350-^A pick-up; fine level lot on Crescent
—•'.-.-..,< ave.,- close to the - Mlssion-st. cdrs
. McEWEN BROS.'. .IIS, Montgomery st.
?1300— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath: lot 44:6x103.
$9tK>— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 60x100; in Sunny-
•- side. > :•':./ 1
SSOOO— House, 8 rooms, bath; lot 25x75; Pine
: st.. bet. .Taylor and Jones.
$4250 — 423' Lombard st. ; 2 flats; lot 25x90, to
¦— ¦ ¦' rear street. •' ....
$2500—2 cottages; S rooms, bath, each: lot 59
xl46. ¦]'-'¦-.
$2S00— Cor. 28th and Church; lot 34x100.
$5500 — 826 Waller St.; 8 rooms, bath; lot 23
xll2. - • ¦• ¦¦.:.¦ -_, ¦
- PATTERSON & CO..
• : 11 Clty ; Hall Square. '
$30,600--CORNEB, . stores and flats;, building
almost new; rents $200 per month." ;v"
. $20,000 — Inside business ' property; . brick
improvements: rents $1800 . per annum. •
".- $9750— Rents $97 BO per month; 3 new flats;
- - choice : neighborhood ; flne view.
$1500— Very cheap: Noe, "nr. 21st; 67x105.
' $1000 — Cheap lot, Golden" O. ave., nr. Central.
. - $400— A' pick up: 23d- st., nr. Potrero ave. »
¦'¦-.¦ JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
'CHOICE BUILDING - LOTS. ~~ ~~~~
'.'.'/ ¦ , ¦-•""-.- . EASY. TERMS
We are offering the ; northwest corner of
. Hayes* and Fillmore. sts. In-, sub-dlvlslons of
.27:6 aid 30 -feet front; an Ideal location for
; residences or flats. ¦ :¦--•'- -. v.
. •¦-•• Q. H.' UMBSEN & CO..
' :;..-. - -,- ~ . ¦ 14 Montgomery st.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
,.-. and finished: basement; 310 Jersey st., near
Noe; ¦ sunny . side. .- - . ¦ . , .-.-"'
FOR salar-Cheap: nice sunny lot on B st.. nr.
. Seventh ave.. : ready, to build on; $800; title
' . perfect." 2310 ' Fulton st. i - . . . - . •
COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms and bath, $900 cash.
- 120C . Powhattan ave..; near. San Bruno road.
FOR sale — Double house, 16 rooms and bath,"
- at 976 Pine st. . : - .. .
FOR SALE — Easy Installments. 6-room cottage
on Mississippi Bt.. near. Twenty-fifth." Apply
:<or address Owner,' 2251 Market it.,; between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth.'
irni.r wactsp—femalb— Con:
r^'FTENOGItAPHER, with *i-ell-eEtabllshed ofBce.
would l^lcc lady stenographer . as jwirtner.
Box 1^(12. CalL ¦¦¦¦¦¦ - r ¦
KXPERIKXCED business voman at ence; out
of (ity: <xi'<Mler.t opportunity for Tight party
Eox ~14. Call^ .'. . .
LADY physician to a^eist In proprietary rem-
edy business; splendid opportunity. Box :
Oil!. .. '
rinST-CLASS millinery trimmers. MULLER-
£YB2CEi CO.. Sl'J Mai ket. Acad. Sciences big.
\vTlLINc; gtri for cneral light housework;
short dittar.ee country; $10. Pox 2237. Call.
VOITjra i:i'l to assist vrlt'A light heusckeepins
2*-l".» liuth st. !
WANTED— Competent young girl for chamber-
v.xrk. VO-i Market Ft., next to Hale's. . '
NHAT girl to assist in housework, ( 10, at 3332
Clay Et. ' j
VOCJwG s;i:-l wanted • in printla? office; $:]
week. 40 <^alifornia st.. room 9.
•WAXTEL — I^idy canwisscrs for city on 50 per
c-n! commie-ion. Iiox 2222, Call office.
GJIiL for cpneral housework: adults; small
family: e-wd wares. 2115 Broderick st.
U' ANTED— Errand l>oy. Call HOLM &
XAT11AN. US Mr.rUct street.
GOOD ftnjphfr wanted on custom coals. 410
K«-arny st.. room 3'5.
IRISI1 BUa» dangers: BJ>ply in person. MISS
. PEARL H1CSMA.N, Jl'J Larkin st.
WANTED— A girl to usixt at housework. Call
I916A t : <:Mfn Gate eve
,\ NF.aT t-oloi-ed woman for general housework;
family «* two; references. Box Z2VJ, Call.
GOW <!it?;v,afJier wanted. 2iJ21 Folsom »t..
ne«r i?;>:te*.-r!lh.
AVA.sTiTD — A competent waitress and parlor
iT::i:d: wages ?25. l'.ilj Gough st.
CPrRATCn? at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Ovrall
Factory. :;2V 2 Fremont St. ; no experience
wf-rs!- a rj- : pooc pay. steady work. Apply to
CAL. Co;iepe of Ha'.rdresslng and Massage; ac-
knowleoped eupcrior to all others; every
l.ranch cf the trade thorouchly acd prac-
tioJlr taught in T> weeks: tuition ..5; our
rupils are our livinc advertisement. Call '
i?uprcmg Court bl.^p.. Mo Larkin rt.: take tie. ;
ESCTKBIKNTEb operaton can ftnd stead.v
work tL higrhest pay; alt=o have a few nia-
. <-Viii,-<>£ .t.:;.iv for pirls about 10 years ti age
to irajc. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Cocfh and C:ovc- sts.*
COMPETENT rirl for cooking and^ general
housework. Amriican family of four; refer-
encos: n-3^5 ?25. 1S17 Vallejo: forenoons.
AN elderly German lady to take care of two
children: nvest have pome expprienoe as gov-
erness: state rciic-ion; salary. $'M and touud.
Hox L-JCt-l, Call office.
A LADY of. indomitable er.et-fry. possessed of
t-£lf-jiE£?rtioT!: pood opportunity to rigbt par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
OPERATORS r.zt shirt waists; pood pay.
BAUER UROS. CO.. 21 Sarrecrae st.
CXAEEXPSED adwrtieementt and subscriptions
reci-ived at C*\l branch of fire 2200 KUlmore »t.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisement* and
rutwcrnftkipa has beea cMafc'.-.shed at lOOtJ
\'?lp!iri;j Ft.
IIKLf \VAXTi:i> MALK.
A— Ml'RRAY & !1E.M)Y- Phono Main 5S*6.
LEADING EMPLOYMBNT AND LA COR
AGENTS.
— OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
¦T^wo cat-;ienters for ¦ mine. sn>: furnace man
roc a. mire, *05 and house: milker and vife.
:-."m) and fcund. pee boss here; bolt maker and
run bolt making machine; two Italians- for
vineyard work. SI T.O day and house, see boss
here; rr.s~-b:e cutter; lo farmers and plow
toamsters; 10 men to learn to make hev.n and
Bdli redv.-ood ti<=*. tools furniEhed.
WOODCHOPPEilS.
23 ¦wooJchor-pers and tie makers, virgin
nrr.ber, |1 to (1 .">0 cord. 10c each lor ties. Re-
<iu<.ed railroad ratrs <:» this job.
HOTEL. DEPT.
Butcher, country shop. s:,:. and found; tl.op
butcher for •Oregon: barber to run shop, coun-
try hotel; baker, country shop. $40 and found:
l>oy for ccuntry store, flo and found; 5
cocks, city end country. f30 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R HANSEN & CO.'S— 104 Geary str-
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. =
Meat end pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
rarde mange teold meat man), cofeitry betel.
S70; second cock for hotel in Arizona, $50 and
:are pa:ii; head cook, .£50; helper, |25, for
ccuntry hotel, see party here. . .
• Gang of tie makers and men to leatn tie
•making. 12c and 14c a tie; 2 bridge carpen-
ters'. cmmtry^?3 a day, fare- paid. -- ¦*¦— ¦--
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary rt.
A ERIGHT young man, about 1C years of
ace, ' Tor general work, where a future ex-
ists later en to learn the trade of shirt-
cutting. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough
aid Grove streets.
SALESMAN wanted — To call on doctors ionly
onbehalf; cf the leading firm in the business:
also cne for Central California; established
trade; position permanent; applicant must be
Intelligent and indefatigable; state experi-
ence. Address P. O. box S5S, Philadelphia.
AX ex-cavalry sergeant, having a recommenda-
tion f:-om his' troop commar.dpr. may obtain
congenial employment with good pay by ap-
plying to Mount Tamalpais Military Acad-
emy. i=an Rafael. ARTHUR CROSBT, head-
master.
CIVIL rervice Government (P tion — 0SS9 ap-
pointments last year; probably 10,000 this
year; common school education required for
o^aniination; catalogue free.. Columbian Cor-
respondence College, Washington, D. C.
• ¦ —
R3:LIA3LE Cleveland house wants bright man
ss traveling salesman; general mercantile
trade; pner?j\ business ability and salesman-
ship will make position permanent. Box 52,
.•_C)eve!zr.d, Ohio. -U :-.'-•.'
WANTEll-^Solicitor who can sell subscription
_ : ¦ V: : the best and latest thing out: lists
furnished; circularised buyers. Room Cl. SOU
;•:»! j.t.l st.
"WANTHD— A young man from 16 to 18 years
• of es<! to run rlevator. ¦ Apply Monday, 7:30
a. ra. S. N. 'WOOD & CO., 71S Market et.
WASmjD — Salesman in Focond-hand furniture
Fiore; eiperi^ncod hand onlv. H. SCH£LL-
N UAAS, 4"S Eleventh St.
KIRST-CLASS mechanical engineer and Faks-
rr.an :'or large machinery house; state where
¦ cmplpyed, age and salary. Box 222S. Call. .
STRONG boy to work In caiuly factory; per-
manent position; $5 per we»k; call to-day.
10-32.'Elur:i'E Confectionery, Sutter and Polk.
FIRST-CLASS man to take charge of fancy
Krwxls <1«*pt.- in Northern California store;
good salary. Apply box 2217. Call offlce.
AVAXTSD — A Rood cake and bread baker;
must lie Fteady. Box :£!83, Call. Oakland.
WANTED — Brickmasons at once. Apply at
room -2N, Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED oigar Kalesman for city: must
have trade. Address box 2225. Call office.
¦VVAKTED — Good solicitor for dyeins and clean-
. ir.g v.orks en commission. • Box 2250. Call.
man with $150 cash can make |75
¦ mcr.th. Apply 209 Kearny *>t.. room 1.
WAX"! ED — yours man as plumber's helper.
Appi)' 110 Kteuart St.
WANTED— Mph now engaged In representing
[wholesale taiicring firms and have been e'jc
I «-«i:»rrjl in the line: very largest uholoeaJe
tnilodng conf-ern in U. S. will give euch rtien
oi.poi-tunity to make more money than they
are. irakiiis at present; best sample equi|>-
. .-¦ ¦.-: t, woolens on coneiKnment, swatches.
etc." will be furnished: branch stores opened
without requiring investment of salesman;
salaries guaranteed to right parties; good
•¦itlesmen ¦will find this their opportunity.
A. K. NICOLL. Lock Box K». Chicago. 11L
BAP.BliHS — All members of Local 148. J. B. I.
IT. of A. are hereby officially notified that
thpy must pay tJielr December /lues by Jan-
uary 13. 1302, or be suspended without fur-
ther notice. By order of executive board.
JOS. BLEILY, See;
WANTED — Person ln each county to represent
• :•¦¦ I.:;. -hod house, solid financial standing;
• •:¦•. nde weekly cash salary $18 paid each
•V'cdnc-sfiay. with all expense* direct from
i:ead<;uarters: money advanced for expenses;
inclose self -addressed stamped envelops.
Mamiger. 323 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
v. ANTED — City liquor drummer; furnish
bon6ff; sales at least S1500 mo.; state salary,
including expenses. B. B.. box 2255. CalL
'.;:NTLEMAN' of Indomitable energy and pu*h; ;
rood opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
; oom 412. Parrott building. ' . -
J'.- INTER and whitener can have part rent
irr^ oottage or flat, for services.' Box tUTJi.
Call efflce. .;
l.:>— PARTNER who crn ley carpet: eaey $75
month; investigate. Eox 2321, Call (Jfficc.
VOL'NS men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mail »d. R. K. I>arber College. 741A Howard.
£IGN painter -wanted to t&Le part paint ehop;
pood location; cheap rent. .Box 2256, Call.
KirtRT-CLASS 2-chaIr barber ehoD for sale;
good buFineps. Atiply at Call offlce.
Vi'ASTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between S and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' - - -
ALL tize men's ehoes. dlghtljr damaged, half
trice. 6C3 Mission rt,, bet. 1st and 2d rts.
H EL.P ¦ W.\ "VTE n~M A J^^— Co w .
FIRST-CLASS • mechanical draughtsman ."• and
aetigner ; for detail work on heavy -machinery;
' fctate experience in detail. -Box 3191. Call, - •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U..
y S. 'na\-y; able-bodied." unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and CO: not
¦ less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet I
inch: able to speak and read English.' . For
further information apply ' at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis et. San Francisco. -
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe j trav-
eler for Northern California • and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory: state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office. ' > ¦ -
! WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; -eight
j w«»eks ; tools donated ; situation fruaranteed ;
1 catalogue mailed fw. disccunt this month.
I Gordan's Barber College.. Los Angeles, Cal.
j WANTED — Laborers and mechanics • to * know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per nlghl; $lto $2 per week.
MEN ' to.' learn barber trade; barbers In "de-
mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. <55 Clay st. ,
GET your shoes, half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission St., bet. 1st and Sd.sts.
WANTED — Experienced dyer and cleaner; rer-
crences required. ZfA Mission st.
EXPERIENCED starch I'-oner; also mangle
girl. Russ House ¦ I aundry.
McDOJfALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; '»0c up. 2-H - Third st. j
j 500 MEN to buy n»w and 2J-hand army shoes, i
I 5Oc up; soling 20c up. »23 Howard st.. nr.Sth '<
j PENSION stty.. K. A. Rullis. 3. 40 Phelan !
I big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
I S.»ILORS. ordinary-, for /ships for all parts of
j the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
J -WINCIIKSTEK Hou«e. 44 Third st. near Mar- j
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to arid from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has , b*en established at 1000
Valencia et , • . ! .,*„ >
CI i EAPEST an<J hist ln America— The Weekly !
i' ,: } *¦ pages - 8enl to -any address In the i
united States or Canada cne year for $1.
I H(Ht«!-» t\!l \\\%.f»\x. . j
j DO not fall to attend the auction sale Wcdnes- i
! day. Jan. 13. at 11 a. m., at the Arcade Horsa ;
Market. :a7 Sixth st. JOHN J DOYLE ;
Auctioneer..
j FOR Sale— Black mare. IB.bknda 1 Inch: Elec- j
tloneer stock: sound, kind, centle; suitable for '
!ady to drive. PETERS' Stabie. 1314 Grove. |
j CARLOAD lira vy wagon horses; also 10 hVa-1 !
srood hvery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 1
; 721 Howard st. . !
j EIG mare. S?0; hors». $?5>. liorss. S40; ccal
wayon .$10; buggy. 525. 73 City Hall ave.
!' YOUNG. -«ound. ger.tle r'dir.? and drtvins horse.
Xcb Hill Stables. £018 PpJk St.
FOR sale — U-can-mllk wagon: rood condition; '
. also eood horee; baryraln. 1413 Alabama st. !
I SMALL hay cr*coal v.-asron. horse and harness i
fcr sale cheap. 3130 Sacramento Et. I
EXPRESS, double, for eaSe very cheap. 1437
Dtvisadero et.
DRUMMERS' sample r loves fcr sale at
HEIXEMAN'S. 1C9 Sansome st.
A HARGAIN itt eood cwrrlaKe. saddle, business
and rca«l horses. PALZI^L. 605 G. G. av>.
j AN A No. 1 express -vagon. single: aleo light
i c^mnlne wacnj for rbenn. W2 Ml«<»lnn.
i ' — — II I III!
j HOISKS 1O I,ET.
j A — PKLNTED l!et houses to Iet7^sentr7or~cir^
: cular. G. H. TTMBSKX & CO.. H Montgomery.
j BROADWAY. 19*50. near Eaguna— Eight rooms,
bath; Cne marine view; rent $42 50.
.--.HOUSES'. FOR SALE.
XEW, n:odem house. r»cine w-pst: sun all day:
large basement and yard. Waller and. Por- .
tola, bet. Pierre and Steiner: casv payments. ¦
HYGIEVIC HAIR TRKATilKM'.
LADIES and rentlemen. this interests you —
Free coasultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 33. 139 Post Bt. ¦- .
BYVXOTISM.
HYPNOTIC magnetic insUtute: diseases, habits '
cured; lessons given. Dr. Co:ir£d, 7 Grant ave. !
Lost am» kiuj.xu. \ .... ,
LOST or strayed from 1548 .Page et, ' full i
blooded Maltese cat. 2 nicks in ear; answers I
name. Jcrfin: last seen In Park Panhandle: {
reward of-S25 paid fcrretum to J. H? Mli.- '
. LER. 101 Sansome st. .- ¦ - ',. ;
LOST — A -pass book with the Hibernia Savings j
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the i
name of HILDA ANDERSON; No.' -218-611.'
• The flndtr will please return to bank.
liOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings j
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of KATE PHILLIPS; No. 174-S20.
The finder will please return to bank.
i I LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ean Francisco, !n th2
name of ANNIE LYCETT or BEKNAKIi
• JOHN LYCETT. No. 232-387. The finder will
• j please return to bank. ' . -
1 ! LOST — Check No. 73, for $25. on Bank of Cal-
• j ifcrnla; indorsed; pay. stopped; return bank.
. I REWARD for returning small black cocker
J spaniel. . license 347J. Apply 2502 Gough.
j LOST — Black cocker spaniel. Return to 233
. ! Powell st. and receive reward.
STRAYED from 704 Poet Et.. a small reddish
tan dog: reward if returned.- | .
i IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calltor-
. nia IVa.ch CaBe Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
rold and silver to nmk» rmw watch rnp»^.
MACinXK WOltKi.
ENSIGN Machine Works.' 415% Sacraments st,
builds models and experimental machinery:
mine holrtj 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
j BIATROIOXIAL.
1 GENTLEMEN wishing to - marry I -wealthy
ladles serd 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70K Kills.
MATTRESSES A!») 1MI,K«H%'««.
TO order, also cleaned and eetrlllzed. upnol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
ht.: tel. Bush 421.
J1KD1CAI,. _ }
DK. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines r»:v e befn used- for many years bv
thousands: the unfortnnate helped; relisf In all ,
cacee taken; the most obstinate cases hava
. been relieved by ray medical treatment: free
confident':;: ?.4vice on all t-ubjects of a d:I'-
cate na'.nre* ill classec cC female complaints I
treated; relief to the lonuest cases. DR. 3.
W. O'DONXELL. 1018 Market st. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' epeclallst;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before' and during, confinement;
infants adopted. -410 O'FarrelU near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 OTarrell Bt..
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, iiaj
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st.:. near
Taylor, fci-rctly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. IX GOODWIN. ' ladies' physician; 23
year*' racceeerul experience ln S. F\ Ma-
ternity-Home. 006 Market ft., opp. Fourth.
1 LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAV1ES
I at the old office, 1228 Market St.; 30 yearn'
j experience in obstetric and other cases. ...
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity borne: home
in confinement 1126 Market st. S. F. ....
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and« during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen, res. 1340 Alabama
«t.. near 26th: avoid delay; game low. fee».
DR. KG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Souare: all disease* curM by herbs.
MIXING. :^-V_^
WANTED — Gold and copper mines; also good
proepect*. HOLLEY, 418 Montgomery..
B1ISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.^
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont ft.
FOR sale cheap— Several good cooking stoves.
. «. 7. 8 and No. 10; 1 steel, range, with high
shelf; 1 8-ft brick range; 1 6-ft. brick range.
At WM. LOANE'S. 439 Fifth at ' '¦¦'. ' \
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery,* en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting. - pulley*.
et;. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.-- '
FOR eale — Fine steel range; cost $45; or trade
for light wagron, gun or turning lathe. 1031
Grove st. Oakland.
SEALSKIN, bust 30. finest quality, sams as
new; coft owner $200: will sell for $100
caeh : »f» it.' -Box- 2973 C&lh- ••/¦•¦• ¦•••-. -
LOT 2d-hand pipe, ali sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting: half price, of -regular goods.".' II.'
S. WHITE, 61C-520 Mission gt- .
FOR SALE — Steam launch - Romola;. Webster
Bt.. bridge, Oakland Creek.- Apply at TAY-
LOR'S boathouse. , ¦
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented -for
.$2 60. MUflt Clothing Parlors. ¦¦« au»ckton
I st.. upBtalrst - s^ «r~- —
1IISCELL A KKOU*— FOR 7 S/ LE— Coa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-'
lar Price Hatter?. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE EUits; : '$10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, . 437 Montgomery, fet. ,
\WANTED— Five • square "pianos, ". good for
* schools. ~ BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
FRESH cow, Brazil avenue: and 328
Munich street; five miles Mission car. •
FOR sale — 1 14 -horsepower gas engine In good
order. WM. LOANE, 439 Fifth et. "'¦- .•*";
PRINTING plant; good as new: cost $4000 to
$5000; price $2000; low rent. 014 Pine; 10-12.
BOATS, launches, rowboats : carried in Stock.
BAKER &; HAMILTON. . ''
FAtRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. .210 California si.
OLD Schweitzer violin," 1815, worth 5250. only;
$00. ¦ Portland Office. 2,'i Stockton st. .
TURQUOISE diamond" earrings. $22 60. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton 6t. ¦ ¦ ; * -
CO-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined, $5.
_Mlsflt Parlors. 23 Stockton st. . . : .v?
! WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
¦ MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; teK Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at lov,
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
GASOLINE engines, all slJses.new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. K. DOAK. 39U- Mission st •
ENGINES ahd boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Besle st • : " .' ' '- '
8AFE8 — New and second-hand. THE HEK-
| MAN SAFECO., 417-423 Sacramento St., -
[ 1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
j bought, sold. Krogh^Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW. Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
. complete; cheap. 1915 Mission., nr. Fifteenth..
BAR outfits., showcases; all lengths and fcizes.
j JACOB SCHWERDT. £21 Mission St. , .
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Fost si
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
WANTED — Potatoes and dried fruit In any
quant:*v. Particulars C. Bennett, 423 Davis.
i WANTED — To hire "Eastman" kodak, -4x5 cx-
! posurc; 1901 model or later. Box 2810, Call.
! GUINEA PIGS — AVant 1C0 pigs and 50 Belgian
j hares.' .1311: Fifth ave., Oakland.
1 TILTON wants good' second-hand clothing and
p theatrical goods. 154 Oth et. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
! LADIKS & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
j. & sold. SHverman, 984 Folsom;tel.Folsomll9i:
I BIG prices paid for ssalskins. full dress & Tux-
I edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
I 31O.MS V: 'iO I.OA.V.
j HE^IA7r r mJR?liY7^i5bT^xa^lner^uUd^
I $4,500,000 at lowest rates
I on first and second mortgages ......
, Life Interests In estates ...''......
Prop^fty being held In trust I
. Undivided Interests In rear estate
'. .Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
I ..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
.:... If,' You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, COS Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Vi & C per cent ln sums to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages. life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests ln real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT I! PER CENT.
- First, second and-"third mortgages
Undivided Interest In rcalestate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
, .R McCOLGAN
, 24 Montgomery st.. room H. ........
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
1 cantlle Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
; 1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
: A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863,
I proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
i jewtlry. pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 'J Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
¦ Geary st. ; phone. Red . 1603. - .. ,.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds.- jewelry at
' lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<j
Market st.; tel.' Main 16t4. Branch It) Thltd.
i CASH loane'd to salaried people on note with-
|. out ir.doceer or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
¦ annum. MORRELL. CCO Examiner building-.
j LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, llbra-
i r!es, goods In warehouse, etc.; any amt; low--
; rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
, LOWEST. rates on furniture,. etc' by private
* "party; tio removal: no commission; conflden-.
tla'I.' Room 3. Conservatory bldg..' oOl Jones.
1 On real estate. -1st or 2nd mortgages," & on fur-
! niturc or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 027 Market, room 61:5.
ON furniture, pianos; ;no removal ;¦' money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
1 age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
! §10" ud on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
j party. St Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
j ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
j $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. }.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. . Room 81, 6 Eddy.
¦ Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
! commls.: confidential. Whltehead, 1710 Mkt.
'; ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY. CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
OX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED — ?1000; no agents; interest 10 per
cent: suburban security. Box 2233, Call.
$5000 WANTED for six months; good secur-
Ity: will pay 1 per cent: Box 2252. Call.
MUSIC Ali 1.NSTKU9II2.YYS.
THE month of January Is a "special sale"
month fcr all who buy pianos from us, as
we take our annual invoice February 1 and
want to turn out as much stock as possible.
I Improve this opportunity to get one of the
j best pianos made for a price not much more
! than -a cheap-grade Instrument Is often sold
for. All our pianos are fully warranted.
THR ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 760
Market Et.
AGAIN- wt remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
ea».y payments -of $B per month: some good
I pianos. for S3. ?t and $5 par month. SHI3R-
! MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter st?.. San Francisco; cor-'
r.e.' Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
£0BMER * CO. Planoi. ¦
BYRON 1IAU55Y Pianos.
l.ESTKR FJanos. 5
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECIL! AN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS. ttPS^-.--.l- !
BYRON MAUZY. SOS-SlO-tlg Post »t - .
ATTENTION. UARGAIN-HUNTERS— .,:; »"
.Second-hand upright pianos from 933 up. •
.Second-hand t«iuare pianos from $50 up.
f-econd-baiid organs from $23 up; new uprlgrt
Hunos from ?17.1 up. EENJ. CURTAZ &
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerln*. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. -
ALL makes, rent $2 up. credited if purchased;
¦ - installments $3- up; big allowance . for old
pianos: bargains $25 up ln Stelnways, Heine.
Chlckering. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
, Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO.,
217 Geary tt. \ ' ¦¦ •:' ¦;' ¦- ¦ .-..; •.'•-¦
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85;. tlx-octave
Mason Mr Hamlln. organ. $35; Steinway
cquare. $100: elegant burl wainut - Cameron
uorfght. used only few months. $273: Bech-
rteln hnby crand almost- new. - BOWERS A
• BON, 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND, Agents.
ANY piano sold "by us taken back any time
within' 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on c. new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'FarreH
St.: established 1S50. • : J-
A STECK. Everett, Hardman, Ludwlg, Pack-
ard, . Kingsbury cr Smith & Barnes piano
can only 'be bought from THE WILEY B.
"ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
- Easy terms! ' , . ..-.'.
OUH piano*, the leading makers; price $100
upward; values beit ln the city.. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th ft Church.
WILL .sacrifice." account- unforeseen .' clreum-
. stances fine large upright : grand piano. S43
, ..Turk.et. .: --. -.~.i- . . -.- .. - ¦.'.. :> ': - .
,A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
. cheap. WILSON'S Storage. , 1710 Market it
STILL" renting: new piano?, $3 • per month
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co., DCO Hayes st. .
$150— ON -tale, upright grand ; : cost $600; ¦ maka
; ¦ cash offer. Room 30. 217 Geary tt. . . ¦ -,
$176-^-A' -"¦ RARE ¦¦¦ chance; .fln« ; upright.:
6CHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$;25— SCHLEIP " upright, excellent • condition.:
\ $75; Erard upright - Hornung. 216 McAlIlater.
SUPERIOR violins, slthera. old and new. H.
-MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 T^atham place.'
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk et, sear • Market—
jKhxkninjxc,- Schubert and Btelnway bargains.
REAL, ESTATE— CITY— FOn ¦ S ALS.
o.-hTumbsen & "col-/ T^Tr? .-., -¦^^
¦-... i ....,...: -.¦...-.¦.- 14 .Montgomery ' st/
AUCTION: 1 '• AUCTION • AUCTION .
AUCTION .'• AUCTION.
AUCTION •¦'... . AUCTION - " .AUCTION,
-.'.:• AUCTION
•AUCTION, • AUCTION -AUCTION
¦ ' AUCTION • . .-. ¦ AUCTION A AUCTION
At. our salesroom, MONDAY,. January 20, 1902,
' •¦ ¦ - : at ¦' 12' o'clock •' noon: -' ¦-
•• -¦•¦---..•. REFEREE SALE., .
• . The following piece to-be offered by order
of<Gustav H.Umbsen, .sole referee. Subject
to . confirmation - by ' the court : •*''¦'
'.-¦ No. 4373 Twenty-fourth • at., SE. cor. Hoff-
man a ve. ; , well-built I cottage , of 0 rooms, with
stable in rear; windmill, , etc. ; - cars pass -the
dcor; lot 65x100. - -' >> .. .
. lambert: estate.
¦ Adfiinlstrator Sale. v. - ¦
No. . 1068-1070 toward st. ¦ and No. 577-579
Xatoma St., bet. :Cth and- 7th; improvements
consist of 2 stores,. 3 flats of 4 rooms each and
2 c lodging'-houses of^-14- and <- 19: rooms ;each;
rents ?1602 per annum. . . -. ¦
<Thls property' Is only '2 blocks' from Market.
Bt. and 1 block- from the new ¦ Postofflce;; lot
50x105, Irregular. * Subject* to confirmation by
the court.. .„•-'.-'•; • ' ¦:
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. - :
No.' 412 Taylor St.", bet. 'O'Farrell and Geary:
good substantial: improvements; consist* of 3
flats or . 7-8 . rooms and • bath each ; rents $118
per month: lot 25xS7:0. •. - .
c; ' BRANN AN-STREET : INVESTMENT. •
No. • 432-43-1 Brannan- st. and No. 1-3 Freelon
st.; bet. 3d ¦ and 4th; substantial improvements
consist of store and 3 rcoms,"'2 flats of 7 rooms
and bath and 2 houses of 7 rooms each ; rents
$S5 per month; lot 35x160; 3- frontages. .
' '; : - PACIFIC ; HEIGHTS '. RESIDENCE.
I ' No. 1S15 Broadway, bet.; Gough and Octavia
sts. ; an elegant residence consisting . of 22
rooms and bathr in -perfect order; surrounded
by desirable residences; large "ot; ample sun;
lot 42:9x120; terms very easy. .
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
., No. 2422 Clay st, north side, near Fillmore :
modern bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; In perfect order; lot 25x90;, bank mort-
gage of $:5300 at 6 per cent can. remain. •
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.* 1 -'
No. 2303 }& Howard st., near 10th; -2-story
building consisting of store and ' 3 - rooms : and
bay-window flat- of 5 rooms and bath; brick
foundation,- etc.;,- rents $28 per month; lot
21:10>£x7C:8. . . -
/: MISSION- INVESTMENT. -
.No.- 164-166 "San Carlos ave.. bet. Mission
and Valencia, 18th and 19th sts.;2 dwellings
of . 6 rooms each ; rents $26 per month ; , brick
foundation, etc.; lot 25x80. -
' PACIFIC-STREET - INVESTMENT.
No. 1335 Pacific st., near Hyde; frame build-
ing occupied as Chinese laundry, under lease;
rent $25 - per | month ; • tenant pays water and
makes all repairs;. lot 22:6x65.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 3537 Twenty-second st.. near Dolores ;
cottage of. 5 rooms; nicely located and shel-
tered from winds and fogs; cars pass the door'
lot 25x100. i • -
,' WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
No. 2763 Octavia st., near Union; good cot-
tage of 6 rooms; street bltumlnlzed and ac-
cepted by the city; lot 31x72.
For further 'particulars apply to
. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
¦ - ¦'- ¦ • 14 Montgomery st.
G." H. UMBSEN & CO?! " ¦ . ¦ \ :
14 MONTGOMERY ST. >A
• REAL ESTATE.
$20,000 — Rents S15O per month; Hayes-st. busi-
ness property; new buildings consist
j i of atore and ti flats; 2 frontages; lot
$12,500— Rents $112 per month; Oak st, oppo-
••? .. ¦ site Park Panhandle; 3 new, elegantly
• finished flats of 7-8 rooms and Jath
- each; 25x100. ¦ '¦ ¦
$15,000 — Rents $127 50 Der month: Page St..
. near. Park Panhandle; 3 elegant, new
"flats, just completed, and rented to
very desirable tenants; key lot; sun
all day; 25x150. .
$12,500 — Hents *55 per month; Mission' St.,
near tith st. ; substantial two-story and
basement trame. building; lot 25x80.
$8,000— Iients $u2 per month, which are ex-
• . ceedingly low: Union st., near, Jones
St.; 4 bay-window flats of 6-5 rooms
. . ; and bath each; brick foundation, etc*;
large lot, '40 feet front.
$10,000 — Rents, -$U7 50 per month; Broderick
. Bt/, near Park Panhandle; 3 new, ele-
, . - gantly finished flats of 7-6-6 rooms and
bath each; this Is a splendid buy. ¦•
$8,CO0— Rents $05 per month; Fell at., close
¦" ' -'to Perk Panhandle; make offer, as
owner must sell; 3 new bay-window
: • Hats, t finely finished and steadily
- - rented. -
$7,500— Rents $55 per month; Hyde-st. busi-
- ness property: 2 stores and flat of 6
.rooms and bath; lot. 31 feet front. }
$7,500 — Rents$57 -per month; Lyon St., close
to Park Panhandle; 2 new flats of 6-5
; : - rooms and • bath each; handsomely
finished; 25x100.
$7,250— Rents $68 per month; Howard-st.
near 12th «t.; 3 bay-window flats of
¦ 7-6-0 • rooms ¦ and bath each; 25xl37:(i
$7,000— A new elegant residence, nicely sit-
.- uated In the Mission Warm Belt and
commanding a flne view; large lot,
50x100.
$0,000— Rents $55 per month; 13th st.,' close
to Dubose^Park; 3 substantial, well-
built flats of z (5-6-7 rooms -and bath
' each; 25x100. ' ¦ • ¦¦¦•¦
, $4,000— Rents $25 per month ; corner on 1st
. 'st.,' near Folsom st; two-story house
of 9 rooms and bath; steadily rented.
• Send for our "Real Estate Record," < con- i
talning a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the -city." . -.vV*^^ ."-' \ " " *-
Latest Pocket Map. of San Francisco. 25c.
¦,.. .-.-:¦. G. H. • UMBSEN & CO., .
¦ '¦'-' •-' * ..,-.. 14,. Montgomery ' «t.
NELSON, ' JOHNSON & CO . "
;. 205 Montgomery st. Opposite Mills building.
. ?5C0 CASH. ; r
Peremptory sile-to liquidate
DEBTS. "'
CLAIMS. . • •-
Handsome, modern - residence. No. 633
Halght: forced upon the market; can be sold
for $500 cash, balance 6 per cent. ¦ ¦ ¦
Elegant Western Addition' residence; large,
modernhouse on Fulton-st.; handsome mantels,
f rescoetf walls, etc. ; ccst $S000. but owing to
a pressing need for money by owner $5750
buys it. ¦ ' .
Biggest snap. in the market to-day: few feet
from Powell st. and clcae.to Market St.; owner
who lives in Europe authorizes us to make an
immediate ailo: Imnrovements' modern build-
Ing of 20 rooms, 4 baths, and can 'be used as
4 flats or . apartment house; will pay 10 per
cent; price S12.0C0. . '
. To- close an estate, this property must be
sold to satisfy- claims,- debts, etc.; property
consists of 5 good flats on large key lot; rents
$576; $4000 will buy it If sold. this week.
- 4 '..'... ¦ - _
•- New ' Mission flats; go. out 'to-day and see
them: 29 Eureka St.; nr. Eighteenth St.; large
lot with ti swell flats, of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath, each well rented, and $5500 will take
them.
BARGAIN. SPECULATORS. BUILDERS,
this at. once; price $12,000; $SCOO cash, bal-
•ance 6 per cent; fine,- large unimproved W. A.
corner. 71ots ready for building; Cal. st. cars;
will subdivide. -
'¦ Splendid downtown investment: three mod-
em flats of 7. 7 and 8 rooms and bath. front-
Ing city park, few- blocks from Market and
Taylor sts.; large lot, and price only $11,500.
i." Forqclosure sale; chance for builders: two
choice lots In' the heart of the Western Addi-
tion on nortli side ot best car line street; 'size
55x137:6; can be sold for amount of mortgage,
$0000; flats adjoining bring $50. ,, : , .
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.'. 203 Montgom-
ery -st., opposite Mills building. ..
McAFEE BROS." 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
. .SAN FRANCISCO.
Nets nearly 7 iref cent: warehouse property,
stone and brick building, on Sansome st, under
lease; corn«^"lot; price $18,000.
.-In the Panhandle; two new flats. Just being
finished; well located; rent $70: price $6750.
, ... ' :* MCALLISTER STREET. V
Lot on McAllister; st:. . nearr ' Devisadero;
27:6x137:6; price $3250; fin* for flats.
, . . SHIPLEY STREET. _
Lot with old building;' on 'Shipley'- st, near
Fifth; only S1450. \\ . -
- ON -VALLEJO STREET.
. ; Vallejo si. .-between Webster and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new; 9 rooms.-
bath and \, basement :¦¦ commands a . beautiful,
marine view; price $13,500.
A PANHANDLE .DISTRICT.' ,' . '¦¦
.' Three new . flat*. ; just completed,, of 7 rooms
each: all the very 'latest improvements; 'price
$10,500; all Tented for .«n8.-- -
¦: SCOTT. STREET.
'. ¦ Lot on - Scott St.. between McAllister and
Fulton; 25x106:.",; price $2750.
. CLAY-STREET FLATS.
' New and modern; fine, sunny lot: 6 and^7
rooms ; rent $82 50; i price $7750; ; & flne invest-
ment. - -,¦¦•¦¦•-:- '.•-.- > ..:-;. -. - - .
RICHMOND LOTS. . .^:^ -
T Send for our plats ot Richmond lots; sold on
terms If . desired. - Lot on California st., near
Second ave.. 25x100; only $.800.'
.-> . : LOTS ON SIXTH AVENUE.
• North of Lake st. 25x120: $600 each.
- MODERN HOUSE.:- • .
'¦ On Vallejo st.. "-near Buchanan; Just put Into
flrst-clais shape ; fln« - sunny .. lot and ¦ marine
vjew;,7.rooms and basement; price $8000..- .
j ! Near the new Chutes, on KlghtlvJ ave. ; , lot
20:2x120 feet;- price $1000.. - ~ V -
¦i >-..; - ,CLAYT0N-8TREET HOMB.V« X * .
Modern 8-room house; lot 25x125 feet; price
$5000. " "- - -¦•' ¦ ¦
MISSION COTTAGE. ; »
''Send for list or cheap Mission cottages and
iota. '¦¦¦ ¦" ' ¦¦-,•--¦.'¦ •¦-. • .---. \-,\<- -
: . - ; LARaB i CORNER. ; -
'•'In the Mission; suitable- for: manufacturing
'site; 170x160 feet; three frontasres. --.« •
- .. McAFEE BROS..
....-': ¦ , 108; Montgomery .'St.. -San Francisco. ;'
- . Your, last 'chance: to : buy the -..•
'} last ' of ' thora Folsom-street lots. Only '
one Is -left :$10 a month. ¦ ; : ;¦•;..¦
buys it. Cement . sidewalks v laid. :
'. $850 00 each, : graded and sew-'
~ ¦ ered, level ' building . lots.' - V, ' block • from
Cortland . avenue. ¦¦' Just-, the
"V thing .-. for; a : little . home. $5 ; monthly.
$125 00 lot : 80x100' near '. - - y-
. Ean Bruno Road. $3 00 Monthly.; Lot level.
-''-.' »400 : for twft • lots. : 1 : block
'from Folsom-street cars.r Fine to build rn. '
•:.;\'- ~$5 00 monthly 'for : a,; Bowie-- : .
' I vard ; lot. . • Lots ' are sur« to : advance. .
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post Street
NEW,>; HYGiENIC
DR 'ALICE >J PRATHER. late of New York.
has~vermanently.- located^ at- C07 v Van Ness
'.ave.: hours 10 to 12, 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.'
OFFICES ,A>U STOKES * TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building, 927J Market : st-^-Of-
"flces- with modern- conveniences,- $15: to":?25.
ASHTON ' & , GARDINER. ¦- v. • - ¦ . v V .
LARGE glass front store, : 3 ; living rooms,
yard. etc. 442 ? Sixth st. ; rent $2tS. SICK-
ELS. 6Geary st. .) '- . - -. i . : '-..y. -'
STORE .30x30. with basement .40x80; location
¦ center of wholesale Iron and machinery trade.
• ' Apply at 143 First st.:. . - ..'
A — NICE large store; 3 targe living rooms: por-
celain bath. :' 257- Devisadero st.,. near. Page.-
HALF of store on Kearny ~ st; near i Sutter;
lease; cheap rent. Box 220C. Call offlce. ':
LARGE front offlce. 30x30. another '18x20, sin-
' gly or en suite ; cheap. 9.T3 Market st ;
CHEAPEST and best in -America— The Weekly
-•; Call.". 16 pages, sent; to; any;. address In the
United States or Canada on<» ypar for >1.*
OIL.
OIL! OIL — We are In ' the I market ' for five
thousand barrels oil per month. H.- S/.WOOL-
. NER. room 7, , groun^'floor,' Mills bldg. :-.'¦:¦-
OIL! OIL— -We will.deliver oil. any -quantity,
anywhereN In" the -. city or -on board cars.
¦WOOLNER OIL : CO:,, room . 7, - ground ' floor,
"¦ Mills, building. -
OIL, tanks, .second-hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission ' st:
•rAi.MISSTKY.'.. '"'¦-. .-*
• ...'¦¦ . •¦•"' '.: -.¦ ¦ .. [ J?M
DOX'T - fall to . read • SIR HENRY PRI-
. CHARD'S large ad on pace 22. -- «?
G L Neergaard, president St.' Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist; 515
: :' Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
A WEEK'S news for ? cents— The "Weekly Call.
. - 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year..
JM TEXTS AXD PENSION'S.
-ROOMS papered $." up; tinting done. Hartman
Paint Co.. 319 Third sf; tel:: Red 3521. ;
PENSION advice free; general j practitioner.
. Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
' PLAXrvO AXO TURXIXG illl^LS.
WOOD and Ivory turning, Planing, * Shaping
and Sawing. CARLjF. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
r^l'ERSOXALS. ;\. ..._..;
ARRIVED — Ladies, don't look old; Dr. N. DE
SAVOYSKY. of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verlte
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
"'preserve health, ¦ youth and" beauty ; after
years of earnest study Is able to give elec-
trical treatment for ' deep wrinkles ; without
the knife that excels anything ever given in
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face of all blem-
ishes without pain or ' scar. ' Phone Folsom
440. 1140 Market st.. opposite Hale's...
A REWARD of $1000 will be paid for a case ;
- of wrinkles or freckles which we cennot re-
move (to stay removed) In •? days, without
pain or cutting; call and see ladies with the
.' wrinkles and freckles removed from one side
their- laces to show the contrast; positively
no return guaranteed and proved before pay;
lady in reception explains methods to callers.
' N.. Y. Institute of Dermatology, Columbian
bldg., 010 Market St.," San Francisco. - ..
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop
failing, and grow now hair, The Star- Hair
Remedy ' is superior to all other tonics . and
restoratives, it Is clean and healthful, is not
gummy or sticky; no grease, : no ¦ stain ;• never
falls. Sold by druggists, - hairdressers or. our
oiflce. 3S5 Geary St.; Th.e Star Remedy Co.
A HOT OFFER— MASTEN, THE TAILOR,
: 701 Geary St., cor. Leayenworth: phone Lar-
kin lulti; any suit or overcoat In the store to
order lor ?-O; no more, no less; any. style;
send for samples; suits pressed -50c; ladies'
and gents' garments remodeled; goods called
•"for and delivered iree of- charge... .¦: . ¦ fa
LISTEN! It's' not. what- you pay for our $5 all-
wool Dants; it's what.'you get for what you
pay. - They are world-beaters; best value on
earth; made to order. MASTEN, The Tailor,
701 Geary. St., corner Leavenworth.
;A^I elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
HG; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et..- between Seventh' and Kichth.
A COMPLEXION of beauty is a Joy forever. I
guarantee you that together with a luxuriant
¦' head of : hair or no pay. Bohemian MME.
KOUME..- 131 Post st, room"?.
A GOOD opening in- a— -profitable, .honorable
¦ business tor u gentleman or lady possessing
¦ a 1 little capital; first-class references; full
- : particulars personally. Box 2221,' Call Offlce.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in- hank -or"' chain, at i lowest
rates.' Geo. - Matthews, 709 Firth, Oakland.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
• 'and The Designer now ready. J. W.EVANd,
Domestic office. 1021 Markets!.. nearSixth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel.. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 room*;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to SG per. week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MARRIAGE paper containing hundreds of
"Personal" advertisements of- marriageable
people, many rich, mailed free. J. W. GUN-
NELS, Toledo, Ohio.' - . ' ,
USE Lettuce Lotion as a cleanser, Almondlne
Skin Food, pure vegetable, not grease, for the
complexion. MME.. MARIE FISHER, 501'^
Ellis Et. ¦' -
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts: selection 800 patterns.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
Etorfes antiques and curios bought The Old
Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st Nat Raphael.
HAIRDRESSING," any style," 25c; switches
from $1 up; shampooing,' 50c; massaging; 50c;
manicuring 25c. G. LEDERER, V£i Stockton.
THE latest and best things ln ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, ¦ skirts, on
Installments, at C. E. ADAMS CO.. 156 Pth.
WHITE enamel Iron bed?, single, three-quarter
¦ or double. $2 25.- EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
Sing Chong A Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 60S Geary, . bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found flne stock of ladles' underwear.
-YOUR fortune told from. cradle to grave; send
. dime and birthday. J." MYERS, 165 Lincoln
• Park station. Chicago. A ' - - v
MRS. DAVISON." 1646 Market St., phone How-
ard 2088, professional chaperon; best or
references. ' '- ' ¦ ¦ -
GEORGE— Important news for you at 156
Eddy Et. ' " W. P.
G. W. B. SR.. formerlj/ of Texas — Please give
address through Call personal. .
: PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
•years' experience. J. .B. RAY, 457 Minna si.
MAGNETIC massage treatments given to either
sex by strong man. Box 2216, Call. "¦¦
STAMMERING | and , Stuttering Institute, 1538
¦ Market st; call or send for circular. ¦ '*.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
ciectrlc y needle. MISff EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
-A — IP. your hair Is tailing or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.'3:l2 O'Farrcll;send for circular.
1 THE A'VIDA COMPANY' permanently, cures
- stomach trouble. 7Ci$. Valencia st., cor. 19th.
ONE MINUTE ; TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; -10c and '25c. All druggists. ..¦
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
; by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and 1 moles destroyed with
-electric needle. MME. BOLING, 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and rootB\kllled.
MRS. ALLIEM. NPNN. 1002% Dolores Bt.'..
"WILL pay: cash and good prices for old seal-
. sklns..^ Address at once, box 1205, -Call offlce.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
¦ bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st, rm. 29.
ELHCTRIC needle specialist; superfluous Kalr
¦¦/St moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE: I costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 7S3 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatric
cat costumer.' 26 O'Farrell; country ' orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 00.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S" FRENCH CORN. PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian "Henna; ¦ restores ! gray
hair tc*lts natural color; $1; at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalT
16 pagea. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PHY SICIAAS ; AND ; SURGEONS.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, :iady physician and
'• surgeon; ,-af 1122 Market st.;; hours '10 to 8. . •
DR. CC. O'DONNELL — Ottlce and residence
: 1021%: Market bet.; Sixth and Seventh, r .*-
DR. WONG HIM, { herb - doctor, . *< successfully
. treats all diseases > of the human^ body: see
.- testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
I'??* /, PROFKRrY'WAHTEp. \.
WANTBD-^Improved > city ' property < for " " cksh
I buyers. DONNELLY C0.,;fiW Market it.;
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
• v '-638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
" AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 14. 1902
At Our Salesroom; No. 638 Market st.
• At 12 O'clock Noon.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
East side (No. 710) Cola st., 43:3 feet south
of Waller; a beautiful modern resldence.10
rooms and . porcelain bath and basement, wln«
room, billiard room, etc.; lot 25x95 feet; street
bltumlnized; cement walk.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (No. 38) Clara St.. 220 feet
northeast of Fourth; a large well built housa
of 12 rooms and bath, which at a small expense
could be remodeled into two rtats; largo lot*
27x75 feet.
•'-.'-¦ ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
East side. (No. 182) Tremont ave.. 746 feet
south of Frederick; an elegant modern cottags
of ti rooms, bath and finished basement; just
completed; lot 25xS0 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION UNIMPROVED
¦ .- PROPERTY.
South side (1613) Turk st.. 165 feet west of
Pierce through to Elm ave. ; a flne large plec«
of ; property In. a growing neighborhood; im-
provements old; nne site for flats: lot "J7:tixl2(i
feet.
MISSION COTTAGES. ' -
West side <Nos. 56 and 53) Lundy's lane. 50
feet north of Esmeralda st. : 2 flne cottages,
ona of 4 rooms and one of 6 rooms and bath;
close to the Mission carhouse; lot 50x70 feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
-South side (Nos. 537 and 637*i) Elizabeth
st, 105 feet east of Castro; store and -1 rooms
and flat above of 6 rooms and bath; rents $30
per- month; rot 25x114 feet.
'WESTERN ADDITION STORE AND FLAT.
! North side (No. 2004) McAllister st., 105
feet west of Central ave. ; store with 2 rooms
; and flat of 5 rooms and bath; sunny side of
street; lot 25x100 feef.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
1 West -side of Devlsadero St.. 84j8 north of
Ridley; flne large building lot in a fine neigh-
borhood; lot 25x125 feet.
CHOICE BUILDINO SITE.
A flne Urge building lot on the northeast
| corner of Ashbury st. and Corbett road.
BERNAL HEIGHTS UNIMPROVED PROP-
. - ERTY. V '
- Lots Nos. "436. 438, 628. 630. 626 and «2S,
Allln Gift Map No. 3, situated on Cherubusco
and North avea.
•'. -, EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 638 Market rt.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO^
633 MARKET STREET.
.'*:* DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500 — Two stores and 2 flats, 6 rooms and
bath, on Post St., and only ten min-
utes' walk from Kearny and Market
sts.; rents $1302 per annum; 2S-foot
frontage; mortgage of $8000 can re-
main at 6 per cent.
PACIFIC .HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$12,500 — Elegant modern residence of 12 rooms
and bath on Washington st. ; rents $75
. per month; commanding an unob-
structed marine view; large lot, 32z
102:8H. "
V V PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$9,750 — Three cew modern flats of 6-6-7 rooms
and bath; north side of street; Just
finished; rents under a lease for $1170
per annum; a gilt edge Investment ia
a rapidly growing district; lot 25x103
feet;
ELEGANT CLAY-ST. FLATS.- " lO
$8.000 — Two new flats, nearly finished, on
the north tide of Clay st., near Ba-
ker: rents $S2 50 per month; 6-7 rooms,
bath, basement and attic; lot 25a
. 127:8%. j,
BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE
ON EASY. TERMS.
$4,500 — A modern two-stdry residence 8 room*
and bath; near Halght St.; sun and
light all day; lot 25x100 feet.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
$500 Cash, balance came aa rent: pretty
cottage 5 rooms. and bath; surrounded
by new and elegant; residences; price
$2000., \
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$1,800 — Well built, substantial •' cottage- 4
rooms, bath and basement: on Steiner
St.. near Filbert; only two years old;
lot 25x100.
-0 MODERN MISSION" COTTAGE.
$1,500 — Handsome bay-window cottage, 5
¦ - rooms and bath; north side of street
and only one .block from, the . Mlsslon-
«t. cars; lot 25x114 feet; this cottage
can be bought for a small amount cash
and the balance in monthly payments.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$4.000 — Washington .st., near Lyon; north
side. 25x127 :BY*-
$1,250 — North side of Twenty-second St., near
Florida; 25x104.
$950— Golden Gate ave.. near Masonic avo.;
25x100 feet.
$730 — Golden Gata ave.. near First ar*,;
. 26x137:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
-¦ .- 638 Market st
MADISON & BURKE,
•- - Established January. 1838.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opp. Licit
House.
Market-st. gore lot Intersection of Ridley
St., 99 feet on Market; cheap buy; only $16,000.
Choice piece business property on Kearny
st, near Market, paying 6 per cent on asking
price. : ; "!•>«'¦!¦:*
Sacramento st. — Two modern Cats, near Fill-
more; lot 25x127; price $6800.
¦ $9750 — Grove st.. near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month ; ' lot 33x82 :6.
$6250 — Clay st.. near Buchanan; 9 rooms aad
bath; in good order; 27:2x127:8.
$5500 — Flats on Pleasant St., near Taylor;
renting for $42 per month; this property is ia
good order and is always rented.
$12 000— Rents $1116 per annum; 6 rood bay-
window flats and lot 39:6x97:6; inside property.
$9750^ — Pays $864 per annum: 4 good flats and
large lot in good renting locality; Western Ad-
: dltlon. * . ¦
$6000— Howard st, near Twenty-third; flats
5 and 6 rooms and bath;- rents $43; lot 27xS5.
$5250 — Rents $600 per annum; Woodward
.ave.. near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats;
"lot 25x70. t
15000— San Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth st;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x31.
$3300— Very cheap corner: Church and Vallsy
sts. ; store and flats; rents $38; only $3800. •
$3500 — Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
St.; rent $340 per year.
$3000— A nice sunny home; north line Bush
st.. near Devlsadero; 1 rooms and hath; lot
24x137:6.
- $3500 — Twenty-sixth st., near Castro; 2 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114.
$3400— Jones st.. near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$30 per month; 35x62:6.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st
i near Eureka; modern, S rooms and bath; lot
25x75. - * ;
$1500— Cottage 6 rooms; rents $12; lot 25xll«;
Twenty-ninth St., near Sanchez.
i. SC500 — Seventeenth st. near Dolores; 4 flats:
i rents $59; lot 36:6x57:6; offered low to force
sale. MADISON & BURKE,
: ' ¦ - . " 30 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS'.
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices. - *
;. Our. many sales prove.it.
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-eg? for investors; $5 monthly.
' $300 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
; . : Sunset branch offlce. Ninth ave., nr. H st.
$400 to $S0O— Superb Richmond lots; $19
monthly.
$100 to $230— Level building lots, near Mls-
slon-st. cars: 50 per cent less than actual
. value; $5 monthly.
$1000, $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages;
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
FOR -sale on Twentieth • st..- between Eureka
-and Diamond, a cozy little home; 6 rooms and
bath; fine basement;. every modern improve-
ment: nice interior decorations: mahogany
• mantel: open work nickel plated plumbing":
'everything strictly first class; see the splen-
did location: of thi3 property and the beautl-
."ful'home offered for a small price. DAVID
: CONDON," owner an^ builder.
A SACRIFICE-rCottag*;, 4 rooms: *1050; terms
-same as paying rent. Apply SE. cor. Ala-
;-- bama and Montcalm sts.
For Additional Classified Adrextiaa-
ments See " Page ; Thirty-eightTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUND^T; JANUARY 12i 1902.
38
OAKLANa <ADYERTISEMENTS.
" 0^FICE--H13 BROADWAY?
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., • ~~*
400 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland. . ,.;
AN ELEGANT : SUBURBAN HOME.
$12.600 — Cost $25,000; between Oakland and
Berkeley; '6 acres choicest fruit and shrubber-
ies; flne modern 10-room' home;; first-class bar-
gain/ - :' ¦ .¦.; - ' " ¦'".'.
Snap— Fronts Telegraph ave. • new Colonial :
8 rooms; beam celling; Flemished oak dining-
room finish; must be. sold; 'offer (wanted over
present flat loan of $3500; see us at once. Why
pay rent?.
Snap — New up-to-date 8-room home; modern.
Plumbing; • close In; offer J wanted over present
flat loan of $3000; bargain. Why pay rent?
See us at once. ; ... , ¦ .- '
$1500— $300 cash, balance monthly; 88th st.,
near Telegraph ave. : -new modern 1%-story
cottage, 6 rooms and bath;, lot 37x100; street
work complete; mantel. .
$1400 — Alice st.'; ' neat cottage of 4 rooms and
bath ;~ patent toilet; near 7th St.; porcelain
sink;-' 8-foot. basement; lot 25x75. '.
¦ $1350 — $250 cash, balance $15 month; 26th
st.. near Grove; 3 /cottages. 5 rooms and bath
each; first come, first choice. .
$1250— Magnolia St.. near 34th; modern 1%-
story house of 6 rooms; near cars, station and
proposed ¦ new , ferry. ¦• - ¦
- . $1000— Modern cottage, 4 rooms, basement;
brick -foundation;: large lot; near cars, station
and . proposed new -ferry ; newly painted and
papered; terms if desired. •
$1850— Mortgage $1400; 4 blocks . Clinton sta-
tion; cozy 6-room and bath cottage.: -.
$1250— Large 2-room cottage; barn; corner
lot 108x145; fenced; - North Oakland.
$2500— Modern 6-room. bay-window, cottage:
basement; laundry;. lot 50x140; 29th st. and
Telegraph ave. ; snap.
- $2760— New. 7-room Colonial;- lot 83:4x123;
Cf nter, station. • • .
$2500->-7- room bay-window . cottage; base-
ment; lot ,50x100; East 14th st.. near Clinton
station; easy terms.
$2750— Modern 8-room 2-story ' bay-window
house; basement; laundry; gas; lot 40x125'
choicest location: on East 14th St.. near Fruit-
vale ave. ; sacrifice; -easy terms. . ;.
'$5500— Up-to-date large 7-room Colonial res-
idence; lot 52x126; marine view; choicest loca-
tion; Vernon Heights.
unimproved: .
- $850 — 65x125; choice terraced lot; facing
south: street -work complete; : near Lake Mer-
rltt; easy terms; 7 per cent. , "
$3760-^-14 acres; upper Fruitvale, on proposed-
electric line; inexhaustible spring; fine marine
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO .
4C0 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
BARGAINS IN OAKLAND PROPERTT.
For Sale by -
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
003 Broadway Oakland
$2000— SE. corner Webster and Twenty-
¦ fourth streets; 05x100; lot stands about (3 feet
above grade; one of the best lots in Oakland
for. flats or residence.
$9500 — Income flats, paying $06 25 per month-
situated ln best . renting . section of Oakland-
only 3 minutes to Station and 5 minutes to
Broadway; cost over $12,000; forced sale; owner
going to leave California.
• $3000— Lot on Oak street, near Twelfth- 60x
100; must be. sold to close estate*. ?
$3500— New modern two-story house, close to
Broadway; 7 rooms and bath; all conveniences.
. $6250— San Pablo ave. lot, south of Twentieth
st. ; 50 feet front; cheapest lot on the avenue;
adjoins business block; sure to double in value.
$0000 arid $10.000 — Two new modern' houses;
10 rooms each; * Just ¦ completed; NE corner
Jackson and Eleventh sts.; these 'houses have
the very latest Improvements throughout; hard-
;wood floors, oak finish; large rooms, elegant
gas. fixtures; finest new houses in Oakland.
$8000— On Eighteenth st.,' between Market
and Adeline; beautiful NW. corner, with house
of. 10 rooms and every modern Improvement:
large, lot. 120x140; beautiful grounds; very
choice and a great bargain.
/$12.500^Eiegant Madison at. home, north of
Thirteenth st.; lot on corner. 100x150;' house
.very fine," has 10 rooms and very modern- this
price Is $7000 less than property is worth:
must be sold. ¦ ; r . . . ¦ . ' :
n $3250-^50x100; : SW. corner 'Telegraph ¦ ave
and Twenty-seventh st. ; only a few corners left
on the avenue; Just the place for flne residence
or flats. .:-_-; . . .
$550Or-Elegant East Oakland home; high
elevation;- NE. . corner; lot 75x125; very flne
9-room house, with all modern improvements;
cost over $10,000; forced sale by bank.
$1850^ — NW. corner Filbert and Eighth sts •
30x100. . .
. ' LOT FOR FLATS.
,aI 6 I«°^^ Wi corner M y rtI e and Tenth sts.;
100x90; , 10 flats can be built on this lot for
116,000; will pay $300 per month income. .
$2250— SE. corner West and Lydia sts.; lOOx
100; street work all done; Just the place for
income flats or ' cottasres. . -
• WOODWARD, WATSON & CO. ,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO.. . ¦ . . •" - ¦
.«~. V • 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$4500 — Lovely home of. 9 rooms and bath; good
exposure; an exceptionally flne location.
: being central and near High and gram
mar schools and churches; 4 minutes'
•walk, from local station; cost $6000;
Just as ecod as new; owner must go
away; see this at once.
$3500 — Elegant home; cost $8000; short dis-
tance from Fruitvale; 9-room cottage,
bath; mantels; in fine condition;- one
acre of, ground; about 200 fruit trees;
, fine chicken yard; .chicken h'ouse; barn;
carriage house;: aviary; two fun tains;
, ¦ three blocks from electric car line; this
property must bo sold; see photo at of-
fice. ." ' y ¦ ¦• - .
$2350— Brand new story and a half cottage;
• modern and pretty; between Telegraph
ave. and Grove St.; electric car lines;
6 nice sunny -rooms; .35. feet frontage;
fine neighborhood; terms if desired. .-
$2400— Very comfortable cottage of 6 rooms
- .and bath; g;ood brick foundation; high
. basement; lot 60x135 feet;, easy walk-
ing distance of center of town and local
. '. -.trains; mortgage of $1500; insured for
t "; 8 years; a regular snap; call or write. ¦-
$350 -down, $25 per_ month," with Interest In
¦ 8 per cent; prettiest 'cottage home in
Oakland; 6 rooms, with porcelain bath
. - tub and sink; sanitary open plumbing;
. combination gas and - electric fixtures;
. never occupied; all ln first class con-
¦ dltlon; Just completed; lot "40 feet. front:
elevated above the street; In choice lo-
cation, . right .close to Tele"graph ave.;
surrounded by fine houses; short dls-
..-/ .-.¦: tance-from public schools and churches;
¦ "''. half : block from electric cars; must be
seen to be. appreciated. .
$1000— Cottage of 5 rooms; flne location ;. sunny
' side of 'street; street, work., all done;
-. stone . walks laid;, near cars, and. cen-
- - . trally located ; : newly painted inside and
. '.out; grate, open fire place; hot and cold
,"/-..- water; can be had on' easy terms..
E.' J. STEWART & CO.,
. :¦ . .. ' 1003- Broadway, .Oakland.
100 ACRES, near Nlles, $5000, good . house.
; bearing orchard, unincumbered, will ' sell or
exchange lor city improved; 616 acres/ 7
. miles from 'Oakland, $28 an. acre; 300 acres,
I 8 miles from Oakland, $75 an acre; two-thirds
of purchase price - can be borrowed on this
'land at 0 per cent Interest.. WYMAN LAND
" ;¦: CO., 1137 East 'Fourteenth st,; near Twenty-
thlrd ave.. Oakland; phone Brook 123.~ ; -. '.'.
$1200— NEAR Twenty-third ave. station; 6-
n room house; $100 cash, balance $15 a month:
1 same, s s rent. -WYMAN : LAND CO.," 1137
East Fourteenth St., near Twenty-third ave..
Oakland. ¦ - - .;.... .v -.;¦¦ -., .^r ..«'¦¦..
$250 CASH, ' $6 monthly — New unfinished cot-
tage of 3 rooms ; 5 , flne ¦. lots, all fenced ¦ and
; ¦ cross-fenced ; ¦•• chicken - house ¦ and - outhouses ;
. Al well, of flne water; Jarge grove of trees;
; away from fogs and raw winds; 2 blocks from
electrio cars ; and ,- 00-foot boulevard ; flne
school,' church and town hall; over 100 fam-
. ' illes on • place ; very nice . neighbors ; . • cozy
¦vhome and a bargain; price In all, $G0O; call
•. or send f or • circular., -¦ 455 Seventh st..^ op-
: poslte ; Broadway station, Oakland ; carriage
,.,; free. V;H^Z.' : JONES; Owner.: -;¦/-. - -. ,--;, ¦/,-.
$1000 — BIG, bargain; - cozy "; 5- roomed'^ cottage.
i with porcelain sink .] and hot-water boiler;
' sunny . side, ¦ close ' to ; San : Pablo ave. : street
. ; .work • all-, done. * Including . stone - walks;- all
. , newly papered ajid painted. Address for quick
.;sale box 2,t78.Call offlce.. Oakland. ¦ -- «-•;
$300 CASH;: $28 40 per month; -7-room :new
¦ house ; 40-foot lot ; a bargain. «-.» WHjLI AM P.
;' TODD.- 1090 Broadway. Oakland: , •* ;:>. -
A'WEEK'S news for 8 cents-^-The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper for, mailing, $l\?er year)
> OAKLAND ROOMS. */;
FOR W RENT — : Furnished ' dining-room and
kitchen ' ln boarding-house. • -Apply ' to ¦ B H
¦^WELCH & CO., 1383 Fifth ave., Oakland.. '
REAL ESTATE-l-CITYr-^FOR ¦? SALE.
R. D. CRANSTON & SON, V ¦ '. v " ' v
., ¦¦; . ; . 26. Third ; Floor Mills . Bulldln*.
$27.000— $27,000.
¦ > 30 Ftet Fronting On ,
Market - Street, Market Street;' Market t Street.
A rare chance to purchase a large lot..'
30x124 : feet, . with double frontage."
"See This: at Once."
$44.000— $44,000.
55 Feet Frontage On -'.-• -'-.";,
Mission st.. between Fourth and Fifth.
¦ : "Fine Investment.". ¦ • .
! $10,000 — Rents $98 per. month; 3 new flats, ,
7 rooms and. bath each; "up to 'date.'.'/- i*,z
$15.000 — "Corner" Page and ¦ Cole . sts. ; 4 flne
flats, C, 7,7, 7 rooms and bath; moderate rent.
i $1440 per annum; -always rented. ,..'."
$7500 — Rents $67 50; 2 new modern flat." 6 and T
rooms and , bath ; near ¦ park ; lot 25x125. ; .
TWO choice level lots, for residence or flats;
' close to park -panhandle; 'to be offered at a
bargain or will exchange. ••-¦-. :- '
. ¦ . G. H. UMBSEN & CO..-;
. -. . 14 Montgomery st. '
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY-— For Sale
A FINE general farm of 350 acres," all good !
land; 200 level. 150 gently rolling; 100' culti-.!
vated. all tillable; 250 acres now used for >
pa-sture — that in : more I or less timbered:
fenced: -..well and living creek; new 7-room
':. residence; barn and other outbuildings, etc. ; ¦]
I 3 ,i miles - by - level . road from town; 7 from'!
railroad; in Sacramento Valley; only $4000.
5 TO 100 ACRES. . ' , !
Slie tracts to suit, for . cash or on easy
teims. at $60 to $70 per acre, or . will ex-
change entire tract.' and give or take differ-
ence ln value, for city property; all highly,
cultivated level .loam; unsurpassed for vine-!
yard, orchard, grainy poultry', etc.; only 2Vt
miles (within free mail deliver}') by level
road from Napa.
NEAT AND GOOD HOME OF- . v
32 acres, 300 bearlnff • fruit trees; running
water, etc.; only $1000; the buildings (prac-
tically new) cost over. $800; vicinity of Napa.
1 INCOME AND LOVELY HOME.
S5 acres, every inch of which is Al level
• loam; 15 acres -orchard and vineyard; com-
fortable residence, 'first-class barn and out-
buildings; abundance pure water; some toolss
etc.. included, at $4500; 1 > r. miles from rail-
road station and steamer landing; vicinity
ol Napa. ¦ - : • .- ' •' ' . ¦ '
820-ACRE STOCK OR GENERAL FARM j
In Sonoma County, buildings, etc.. for $3750.
THE VERY BEST 123- ACRE • -. > V.
Ranch in Napa Valley; Al buildings; 10
acres orchard; all highly cultivated level '
. loam; unequaled location; nearly adjoining
< depot; only $10,500.
REMEMBER
I'm accurately acquainted- with nearly every !
one of the .'{000 ranches on my list, more than !
all other agents in San Francisco. State
what's wanted. ,": ¦ --.-. i
N. P. SICKELS — The Land Agent— 6 Geary.
THE CHOICEST BODY ' '
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
3600 acres. . ...-
No waste soil.
2S00 acres under cultivation.
' " Remainder will be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre. v
One and one-hours
From San Francisco
. By rail or water.
For sale
As a whole ?
On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable
parties.
' • McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
VILLA SITES "y" ~ "*
in the heart \
of the
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS, '
San Mateo.
In view of the great demand for building
sites in El Cerrito we have been Instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale
j the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to.
be seen at our office. -
Terms one-third cash, balance ln one and
two years. . ,'
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco..
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
SAN MATEO. . .
FAIR OAKS. .
MENLO PARK,
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and
homes ln these . beautiful places; also some
handsomely furnished ¦ houses for rent. • -
I DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery tt. t
| ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS. -
j "vTe desire to call the attention of intending
; buyers of country lands to some bargains In in-
i come producing: orchard, vineyard, grain and
s stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush
I having had forty years' knowledge and ex-'
j pcrlence of the value of lands and being the
j owner of an .income producing orchard and
I vineyard, c*i Intelligently direct intending
i buyers to the best lands and bargains in the
j DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
i ¦ , — —
I ONE of the finest .vineyards and wineries ln
Napa County, 1% miles from town, consist-
Ing of 540 acres; -75 acres in vines: winery
with most modern equipments; cooperage ot
320,000 gals.; also distil. This property cost
over $50,000. and It has been developed from
its own 'resources. For a good reason it will
be offered for a short time at $30,000.
20 6-10 acres in one of the finest valleys
around the bay; well improved; ideal coun-
try home; owing to death in family property
will be offered at the sacrifice of $3600.'
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
2171 Shattuck ave.,
. Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley.
A BARGAIN— 310 acres choice foothill land, 4
miles front R. R. : 45 acres orchard and vine-
J yard: 100 acres plow land; 1(35 acres pasture;
7 " all fenced and cross fenced f plenty of water:
good house, barn and other outbuildings; 2
wagons ; 3 horses, ¦ 1 cow ; plenty tools ; good
condition; must • be sold at once; closing
estate; bargain. Call at once, or address J.
DAY. at H. Stern's. 11 Montgomery st.
i SO ACRES. Jackson County, Oregon; , flne ap-
ple or early vegetable land; fair house; well
and creek; 8 miles from railroad and 2 from
Sams Valley postofflce and school; clear;
$700, or trade for Oakland property.
- Paso Robles. lot 300 by 180; clear: $125. or
trade. - H. G. WHITTLE.
131 San Pablo. Oakland, Cal.
2. 5 AND 10 acre tracts between Point Rich-
mond and Berkeley, from : $160 per acre;' 2
steam lines through tract and electric line
under construction; tracts selling fast; old
"prices hold till February 1 only ;. free car-
riage, and maps. W. B. EASTIN, 401 Cali-
fornia st. • -.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCp-— T
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma, Co. : future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; • location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for paui-
. phlets and Information. . • - • .
$800 — TEN acres, near Auburn, . Cal. ; small
house and barn; young bearing orchard,. 800
trees; exchange for city lot, pay small cash
difference. W. G. P., 254 Harriet st.
$5 AN acre, 800 acres; stock ranch 80 miles
from this cltv; house, barn, etc. DONNELLY
CO., 632 Market. st. . . '
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, ceach and prune
lands to sell: rlirht locality: big money: easy
payments. HKALY & CARR. 6 Kddy st.
A NICE list of chicken ranches near Petaluma.
E. N. EMMONS & SON. 11 Montgomery st.
POULTRY, and dairy ranches for sale; write for
ff» llyt. C. Tt. WTNFTTCLT). PetwHima. Oftl. 1
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LIVE AMIDST SUNSHINE AND FLOWERS
Buy a Home In ' Alameda
.. - And '¦ ¦ . ;••.¦- •-• /..-*¦¦
Enjoy the Pleasures of a Suburban Home.
¦ ¦ Great Bargains offered by
' ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. '
Fine Lots! Ideal Homes!;' Best Locations! .
See us. We can save you at least 25 per cent."
Buy any of the following , and get a bargain.
' Investigate, compare and then purchase.
$150 buys fiine lot; 50x160; on account of
sickness. '
$650 buys fine lot; COxlSO; taken under fore-
closure.
$1500 buys nearly new-' 5-room cottage; lot
SOxlOO. >-
$1800 buys a great -bargain; 6 rooms and
bath; two-story house. .".--. '--..,¦
$2250 buys corner lot, with 6 rooms and bath
cottage; a snap. V i • • <
$2450 buys a flne 7-room cottage; lot 50x150.
$2500 buys an 8-room. 2-story house; lot
05x150. . .: ¦' .;¦ . . - ' ¦-¦• . .¦ ':¦ '.. '¦¦. ', -¦¦ ..¦
$2500 buys an elegant 6-room, 2-story house;
lot 40x125. ; . ; . :
$2500 buys a beautiful 6-room cottage;, lot
50x100. - -
$3250 buys S-room house; lot 40x207; wind-
mill, etc ¦- ¦ . ; :.;- .:' ¦ v. -. •
. $3500 -buys 7-room house; , lot 60x150; ' near
Morton - st. . station. . --'¦; ¦. ;• , ...
. | $5500 buys just completed house; 8 rooms and
bath: corner lot; worth $10,000. - ,-. . ' .
Houses Built. Rented and Exchanged. i
ALAMEDA' LAND COMPANY,
s_- 1500 . Park - St., ./Alameda.' •
• Office open Sundays ; and evenings.*.. .
AT your own price and terms If sold at once;
new modern fcroom cottage; choice location;
sunny side: near station; call? to-day. ,H.:G.
- MEHRTENS.' 1520. Webster st.; Alanfeda. .
NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 85x120;, $2500/ -"•¦.¦. ¦•-:
- New cottage, 5 rooms; : lot 40x120; 82200:
terms. J. H. YOUNG, Builder, 1243 Park st. .
R.I3AL ESTATE— -CITl'—FO R BALE.
EHAINWALD. BUCXBEH & CO..
JiliAL ESTATE AGENTS,
21S-22U Montgomery St.-
$3,000 — The cheapest and ben building lot in
the Western Audition; north mJe Clay
«t.. near Lyon; l'7:«ixliw feet. _
JC.OOO — Saor&aienio bt., near Btelner; a bar-
gain; bay-window residence, 6 rooms
and bath; sunny side; lot 20x128 leet.
$3.600 — Lyon Et,. near Sutter; j-esidence 7
rooms and b&tb; lot "5x110 feet.
$12^00— Income property; ciose to water front;
rents $97 50; pay b i>er cent net.
$6,000— Ca.llfornia-8t. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenant p*y»
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$9.250 — Northwest corner Sacramento Bt.:
fiats 7 and tt room* and bath each;
latest In every way; lot 37:0x57 feet;
rents $75. /
$3,500— Jackson, near Larkin; 23x137:6 feet.
liti.Ooo— Business corner; Western Addition;
rents $127; four tenants; substantial
Improvements; lot 37:(ixl00 feet.
$2,000 each — Capp St.. near Sixteenth; 2 lots.
25x105 feet each.
$7,750— Residence. "Washington St., near Wal-
- nut; 10 rooms and bath; lot 24:4 1 .sx
127:6%.
$14,000 — Calif ornla-st. residence; 2 stories and
basement; 15 rooms and 2 baths; lot
34:0x137:6 feet; flne view of th« city.
J12.500— Grove St., uear Larkin; lot 3Oxll'O.
vrith fine building of store and 2 up-
per floors; rents $4S; one block from
City Hall. ¦
$1,000 — Liberty, near Sanchez; 50x114 feet; a
bargain.
$4,500 — Valencia St., between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth; 25x100 feet, or 2 lots at
same rate.
JS.OOO — Two-story brick building downtown,
close to Montgomery St.; leased to one
tenant; $50 per month net; will pay
over 6 per cent.
1 11, WO — Post st.. sunny elde. near Larkin; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to
rear street.
110,000' — Pacific ave.; modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms, 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor.
$7,000 — Oak Et., near Market; 2 flats and cot-
tage; rents $53; lot 27:6x120 feet.
525, 000— Mission St.. near Ninth; lot 40x160
feet; church building on Mission st.
and- 2 dwelling houses on Ninth.
$5,500 — Howard St., between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third; substantial resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x
122:6 feet.
$5.250— Capp sC, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third; 2 modern flats of 6. 7
rooms and bath; lot 26:8x122:6 feet.
$7,500 — Jackson Et., near Maple; modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 80x129
feet; must be sold.
$3,150 — No. S649 Twenty-first St.. near Church;
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; large lot. 50 feet front by
114 feet: grand view of the city; a
positive bargain; must be sold.
$7,000 — Lyon et., near Page; modern and
well-built residence, 9 rooms and bath;
renting at present for $52; lot 25x100
feet.
$5,000 — Nineteenth st.. near Valencia: 2-story
frame dwelling of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25xS5 feet; mortgage $1500 can re-
main.
$12,600— NW. corner of Oak st., with store, flat
and bouse; pays $100 per month; lot
42:SxGS:9 feet; near Market St.; a
snap.
$10.BOO — Washington st.. N. llne>. near Stelner:
substantial two-story residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 44x102 :SM feet.
$11,250— McAllister St.; new building of three
fiats; 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$104; will pay 9 per cent net after
paying all charges and expenses.
$6.000 — Devisadero-st. flats, near Rills; pres-
ent rents $40; could be largely in-
creased If a little money was spent on
the building; lot 25x90 feet; lot alone
¦worth price asked for the property.
Oet a copy of our printed list of properties
for Eale. January number Just out.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery ft.. Mills bldg.
LYON & HOAG.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.-
$4,500 — Good Investment; close to Golden
G&te ave. and Hyde et.; 2 flats. 5 and
6 rooms and bath; rent $3b.
$12,500 — Splendid corner investment in the pop-
ular Panhandle district; 4 fine sunny
flats; always rented; lot 52x104.
$70,000 — Rent $0000 per annum; leased to one
tenant; fine building; heated by steam;
lighted by electricity; light and eunny;
handsome front; splendid investment;
not far from Sutter and Hyde sts.;
very large lot. '
$5,150— $500 cash, balance $30 monthly; a
brand-new 2-story house, containing 6
rooms and bath and finished base-
ment; all rooms handsomely decorated ;
and tinted: fin? mantels: reversible
window sashes; lot 2.1x120; No. 1457
Ninth ave.. 2 blocks south of the
Park.
$3,000— Fine new C-room house; modern in
every respect; let 25x102; on Liberty
st., near Castro st. ; very easy terms.
(10,000 — Rent $94; Howard-st. Investment, be-
tween Sixth and Eisrhth: lot 25x165;
double frontaire. improvements store
and flats. . I
$5,000 — Fremont st.. near Folsom; 3-story
house of 12 rooms and basement; lot
24:tixl00.
110,750 — Rent $102 50; 3 handsome new flats, 7 ,
rooms and bath each; all rented: lot ¦
27 feet frontage by Rood depth; Park j
Panhandle district : this is an excep-
tionally good bulldlntr with marble
Eteps, rounded bay-windows and kitch-
en In center: abundance of light and
sun. ¦ ¦ • -
Send for new complete list of property for
sale by vs.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMEs] — — —
COMMANDING GRAND VIEWS.
$8350— The best houses ever offered for the
money; 6 and 7 rooms; latest sanitary
plumbing; bis lots, 3Uxl37:t>; abundance
of light and sun; fashionable neighbor-
hood; Filbert St.. between Broderick
snd Baker; terms same as rent.
LYON & HOAG.
- 114 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SOXNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market st.
$45.000 — Choice hotel containing 85 rooms and
stores below, on SE. cor. of California and
Larkin Ets.; lot 70x87:6; rents $300 per month.
$11.250— Three choice flats on McAllister at..
near Fillmore. containing 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 25xS5; rents $104 per month: modern
in every respect. . j
$11.000 — Eddy St.. near Laguna; 2 flats and 2
rear houses; lot 25:Uxl20 through to rear
etreet: rent $78 00 per month.
$10,000— Two new flats on Devlsadero Bt.,
near McAllister, containing 7 and 8 rooms and
bath; lot 23x100; rent $70 per month.
$10,000 — Choice residence of 12 rooms and
bath on north line of Clay St., near Walnut:
lot 26:10«4xl27:8V;.
$7500 — Choice residence on north lln« of
Washington st.. near Stelner, containing 12
rooms and bath; rent $00 per month.
$6750— Pierce Et.. near Haight; 2 modern
flats, containing <i and 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 25x106:3; rents $55 per month.
$6500 — Two choice flats on Green st.. near
Webster, of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 26 -Ox
137:6; rent $55 per month.
$3600 — Choice cottage on Octavla st., near
Union, containing 0 rooms and bath; lot 27-6
XlOO.
$4000— Choice cottage on 12th ave.. near
Clement St., containing 6 rooms and bath-
large stable; lot 50x120.
$3500 — NE. corner Sacramento st. and 1st
ave.: size 27:10x115.
$3250 — Lot 50x137:6 on McAllister st.j near
Lyon. * ''.<----...
$3000 — NE. corner of Cherry and Sacra-
mento ets.; size 37:6x100. aacra-
$2800— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath
° n^^*^:', nea^ Clcment - «.; lot 27:6x120
$SOp-<:hoice lots on Jackson et. near
Laurel: 25x127:8%; overlooking Presidio res-
ervation; street bituminized- lot level
$1600— Choice lot on Clay st.. near 1st ave. .
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO fine) ~
IMPBOV^"™* 1^ 8T -
swhSSF 1 near Jones: ' 27: . tal3 7-«: two.
111 * 5 27:6xl2 ° to
rentr$67 Haye6 ' ""'' Buchanan '' 27XBS-. S flats;
$5000— Union place, near Green; 20x5S-9- twa i
2iouse«; rent $41. ¦*«^.». iwo
$5000— Leaven worth, near Union; 25x112-6- 3 I
new flats; rents $43. . ' :
**7B0— Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$4500— Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; S0x65-
2 houses; rents $3J. w<
$4250— Fell, near Devlsadero; -25x127:6; hojse !
of 7 rooms and bath . • !
UNIMPROVED. i
,S^ ltomia * **' W'bster; a lots; each 25x
J'ti :o.
Jii500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55xSl-2 i
S8O0O— Green, near Polk; 80x115 ' Jioi< '-
£522~~ G . reenwIch - M&r Taylor; 45:10x137-6
1 5250— Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
1«2:Shi. ¦' I
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clemeat st.; 200
y 120. f |
$+000 — Corner Jones ana Filbert *ir • 25x70 i
fnOO— Fulton St.. near Flllmore; 32:0x337 OL I
?»clnt Lobos, near 22d ave.; C3:4xl00 " ' »
Corner 25th and_Po!nt Lobos; 48:6x100
$G000— Clay, near Lyon: £7:6x100; key lot"
S?£2~~ Ur i! on » 6t - ncar v " e t>««r: 34:4VixlS7:6
$1250 each— Polk et.. near Chestnut; St Iota
... :<<xS7:6. . ' j
$1000 — Banebez. rear Eighteenth; 25x105 I
*85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eliihth •
400 lots. $200 to $100; terms easy; electric
roa£ passes.
TOR 6AL2— As a whole or in tuMlvlriont &ol
v*ra lot. south Una Union st.; 127:0 feet cast
or PI«tc«. Lot northeast corner «reen and
PJ«rc« et«., 10i:0xlS7:O feet: Inquire o»
CWAULES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
224 Montgomery «t.
OO7TAOS. 4 rooms; modern Improvements-
«*«r terms. Apply Stoncman st., near Fol-
RISAXt ESTATE— -CITY--— FOB''' 1 ' SALE.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
flC, 000— Rents $97 50; 3 new flats of «. « and 7
rooms and bath; all the latest l:n-
' • provt-m^nts; Panhandle district. . .
$2000 — t;ii»»ap lot on California st.^ near
Baker: 24x100.
J 12, 000— McAllister St.. north side; best bust-
ness block; 20x137:6; 3-story building;
*»R&8« rents $00. '.¦- •ST-V!'5r&*S«S5®SSB^
$3000— P.ents $80: northwest corner on Bry-
i • nnt et.; store and flat^: lot 75x75.
$10,000 — Howard st. near Fourth: 4-story and
basement building containing stores
and lodglrife-house; rents bank
mortgage of $9000 can remain; pays 14
\yiv c^nt net on €<iulty.
$2000 — Nev.- cottage of 6 rooms and porcelain
lath tm Fifteenth St., near Castro; lot
42x103; very cheap.
$5000~BueI: ft., near Fillmore; north side:
I'v:«x77:6; two nice flats.
$2600— Btyxome »t.. near Fourth: 25x120;
cheap. \ '.'¦¦''¦
$3000— Shiplsy st.. near Fourth; three flats;
rents $34.
$8000— Very choice lot on Pacific ave.. near
Laguna et.; 30x127^8; the cream of
the city.
$5250— Vallejo et.. north side, west of Fill-
more; 34:4x137:6; finest marine view;
lot ln town.
$2500— Lots on Guerrero st., ifcar Twenty-
tliird; 23x100 each; on grade; ready to
build uixin.
$5250 — U«nts $40; northwest corner on Green
St.. nvar Kearny: with store and flats.
$C2,r»00— Mason st.. near Eddy; close to Market;
lot r«oxS2:6. : . * - •• }
J^nOO— Sunny key lot; north elde of Clay St.,
St feet east of Lyon; 25x105 (a daisy),
i $C000 — Third Bt.. near Harrison: 25xS0; 2-
story house; can be raised and store
put ln below: will pay big Interest.
A SNAP.
$3500— Cottage on Larkin st.. near Pacific; 5
I rooms and bath: stable, etc.; 27:ex
• 87:6. .
LOOK AT THESE FINE LOTS. ¦¦ . *
$2500 only — Larkin St., east slde."near Pacific
ave.; 25x87:0; lots on grade; street
accepted. - .. .
$5500 — Sacramento St.. north side;, key lot,
east of Larkin. 23:9x137:6 to an alley:
good house of 6 rooms and bath; room
lor three flats ln front:>a bargain.
$C000 — Clay St.. near Spruce; Presidio
Heights; flne house of 10 rooms and
two baths; can be converted into two
flats at small expense.
$S250 — Gough St., near Pine: finest location
ln town: nice residence of 10 rooms
and bath, ln flne condition.
$11,000 — Valencia Bt., between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth; best business block on
the street: 65x87:6; cost $20,000; a
barraln. .
$9500 — Buchanan' St., near Washington: flne
up-to-date house of 10 rooms: late
modern Improvements; cream location.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$7000 — Clay 6t. near Scott. 2 modern flats
5 and C rooms, rear cottage of 4 rooms; total
rental $55 -per month; lot 23x137:6: very cheap.
$5000 — Maybe less; Pierce st. near HaiRht;
new modern residence, 6 rooms, and bath; up
to date ln every particular; lot 25x'Jl.
$0500 — Bartlett st. near Twenty-third; 2
modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms, rear cottage 5
rooms; total rental $55 per month; extra large
lot. 40x125, part vacant: a Rood proposition.
$7250 — Near Haight and Buchanan: up to
da e flats; rents $00 per month; lot 27x112.
$4000— Biggest bargain in Western Addition;
Fell et. near Devisadero: close to the Park;
2-story residence. 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
337:0; house cost more than price acked for
entire property; must be sold.
$7000 — California St.; 2 modern flats, C and
7 rooms; rents $65 per month; lot 25x137:6.
$10,000 — Golden Gate ave. near Franklin St.;
flne residence. 12 rooms and bath; rents $00
per month; lot 25x137:6. / .
JSSSOO-t-Scott st. near Jackson; best loca-
tion ln town; overlooks Alta Plaza; flne resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
$S5O0 — Central ave. near Halght st.; modern
residence, 12 rooms, 2 baths; up to date ln
every particular; lot 25x112:6; mortgage of
$5000 can remain if desired.
$8500 — Webster st. near Geary; .2 flats;
rents $70 per month. ! ' - ., -
$10.000 — Broderick St. near Hayes; 3 new.
modern flats- rents $97 50 per month; lot
15x100.
$11,500 — Geary St.. northeast • cor. Stelner,
overlooking Hamilton Square; lot 45x75; resi-
dence, 10 rokms and bath; beautiful site to
improve wlth^flate. ,
$7000 — Vallejo st. near Buchanan; modern
residence, 8 rooms and bath: commands an
unobstructed marine view; a bargain at this \
figure. j
$6.V)0 — California st. near Stockton; 12 rooms ',
and bath; lot 25x97:0. r . i
Get my list of investment properties, 'resl- i
dences and building . lots.
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents, i
112 Montffomery st.
$75,000— Sutter St., corner lot; 75x137:6; well
improved; stores and flats; rents $4250 j
per annum.
J 77, 500 — Bush st., n<5t far from Kearny; Im-
provements, 4-story brick and store:
100 rooms. 23 baths, elevator and all i
the latest modern improvements; large '
lot ; rents $6600 per -annum. !
$32,000— Sutter St.; corner lot; 30x80; rents;
$200 per month; can be increased.
$37.500 — Polk St.; 7!V-foot frontage; stores and
flats; flne income property; well rented. ;
$37,500 — Van Ness ave. corner Investment, near |
McAllister: 50x100; residence and ]
flats. ! • . . :
$35,000 — Downtown business investment; near
Kearny St.; lot 48:9x93:6; three-story i
brick building; pays $2400 per annum j
under lease.
$25.000 — Pacific ave. residence, near Van Ness;
35x122:6.
$25,000 — Franklin st.; 105 feet front; not -far
from Market Et. ; flats paying; good
Income.
$14,000 — Clay st. ; two houses; 8 rooms and
bath in each; lot S0:Cxl37:6; near De-
vlsadero st.
$13,500 — Eddy st.; near Gough ; large residence
and lot, 37 -.0x120, to rear street.
$13,600— Vallejo and Flllmore sts. ; grand cor-
ner lot. commanding an unobstructed
marine view; 40x137:6. ¦
$0000 — California st. residence, near Larkin;
9 rooms and bath; lot 25x87:6.
$6000 — Fillmore st.; new cottage; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 37:6x83; grand marine view.
$4500 — Vallejo et. lots, near Fillmoie; 27:6x
100; marine view.
$4500 — Seventh ave., near Fulton; 75x120;
make an offer.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery Et. .
WRIGHT & EWELL.
Real Estate and Financial Agents. j
Loans. Insurance. i. 310 Montgomery st.
$20,000 — A modern Paclflc-ave. house of 12
rooms and 3 baths; marine view; fur-
nished or unfurnished. ;
$12,500 — Pierce St., near Green;. 11 rooms; 2
baths; large garden; lot 75x137:6
$12,000— Presidio Heights residence of 12 rooms-
lot 20:10x127:8%. .. . - . .
$12,000 — South side of California st.. near Bu-'
chanan; an artistic home; lot 27:0
xl-17:6. \
$ 11,000— West side of Gough St., near Bush; 12
rooms, bath, conservatory; thoroughly
modern; lot 30x137:6.
$10,500 — West Fide of Flllmore st., near Pacific
¦ ave.; house of 10 rooms, bath fur-
nace; lot 25x100. i '
$10.500 — South side of California St., near Bu-
chanan; ft rooms and bath; entirely
-new plumbing; lot 27:6x137:6.- •
$9,000 — West side of Gough st.. near Vallejo;
9 rooms, furnace, electricity; thorough-
' ly modern; lot 25x100.
$8,600— North side of Turk st., near Laguna;.
H rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$8.000 — Paw Et.. near Broderick; 10 rooms and
bath: lot 30x137:6
$8,000— North side of Fell st- near Devlsa-
dero: 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6
$3,000— Lot 25x100; north side of Pine st. be-
twwn Fillmore and Stelner; good lo-
cation for flats. - -
$2,500 — Presidio Heights building lots. 30x125.
NEW 0-room and hath house on 23d St.; easy
terms; near Douglass,
6-room and bath hous? on. Alvarado et.;
easy terms; nesr HolTman ave.
<5->room and hath house opposite terminus
Val^nfia and MiPBton: easy terms; 28th »t.
$150 — Lots on Buena - ViKtn St.-. near 29th
¦ and Mission: $10 down. $2 50 monthly
$1500 — No. J2!» 2Rth et.. near Church; 4-
room hors?; easy terms: street sewered.
$300— Lots on. west side Douglass St., near
2Sth; level; easy terms.
$450— Lots near the new Chutes. Richmond
district.
$.%0 — Lots In Alvln Tract, Elmhurst sta-
tion: $1 down, $1 monthly; 15 minutes' - ride
from Oakland. • ¦ • .-.
JACOB HEYMAX, 117 Sutter Et.
A BUSINESS liors? to rent nr to buy to a
right i tarty; can realize $200 to -$300 profit
monthly. ' " • . • ' -¦
JACOB HEYMAK. 117- Sutter St.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Ine.) ' ~" ',
Loans at 5% and 6 per cent.
Seventh Floor, Crocker Building.
$1COO — One-third cash, • balance to suit pur-
chaser, cottage and lot 25x114: street
accepted; cars pass property; Twenty-
ninth St., near Church: building in good
order: reduced from $2000 to make Im-
mediate .; ,; *
$5r»0— On<"-ihJrd cash; level lot; 25x100; street
finished; Twenty-fourth 1 st., near Rhode
Island: taken for mortgage: worth $000;
will loan full oo*t of Improvements
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY- '
, (Incorporated) ',
- •< Seventh Floor." Crocker Building.
H. E. p'oEHLMAN. R«Uty~and Insurance.
« 804 -Montgomery : St.. S. ¦ F.
$37.500 — Near Union square: double lot, full
depth: brick Improvements: flne purchase
$23,500— Post «t.: lot 02:6x120;. frame bulld-
J«is:f.: Improving location.
$10.000— NE. corner lot. 77:CxS0; central lo-
cation: stores and hotel will ' pay. * :- * ' -
$16,800— Pacific Heights corner lot, 60x127:8;
view, near Van Ness a v* --
$4100— O'FarreU *t.: 25x120. • with large L-
old lmproveme.r.ts; will pay to remodel; nice
location. . ' . .'-j. , •
i «7C0 — Clement St.. .; near Fifteenth ave. ; 25
XlOO. . ' >¦-.-.- ;-. -.- -.-
¦; H. E. POEHLMAN. 804 Montgomery st. '.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addresx in the
United State* or CunuU »nt yur {or II,
I ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.;
• ' ALAMKDA ItEAlj ESTATE^; w^*
$1900— LOT 60x125;" modern cottage of 6 'rooms'
¦.n.^« •' an <l;bath; flne avenue; easy terms.
$2100— Lot. 50x140; 6 rooms and bath; near sta-
tion;- flne neighborhood; . quarter, cash,
.„.„ balance to suit.
$2500— Lot 33 :3xl60 ; ' nearly new. modern 5 cot-
.¦ tage of 5 rooms and bath; Pacific ave.,
V- ;; near -Willow st.; $250 cash, balance $20
..„•• per month. ; - - . ..
$2900— Lof 40x175. with modern, new cottage,
, ; . 7 rooms and bath; flne location; near
J school and station; $500 cash, balance
.„¦- $26 per month. /; . -, / I- '
$3300— Lot 44x175;. new; 2-story house of .8
rooms ¦>; and . bath ; * everything complete ;
v. .,. '; electricity, -: gas,, flne- -plumbing; fine
'>* Porch; greatest bargain; on the Install-:
• • '• :ment plan. • . .-: ..
100x160. with flne house of 8 rooms
¦ and bath; lovely .garden; flne orchard;
:¦ stable ¦ and > barn; near- station; great
chance to buy a fine home on account
• • of . departure. . ¦ - ••¦.--..
. ' Business property on Park St. ¦'¦'-. - ¦' '•'
' Water front property. • -.
, Choice lots cheap. ,\ 1
. Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
\: s-i; • . H. P. MOREAL &CO., :,
; 'Phone South 37; 1-122 Park st., • .
¦ ¦ , : . ,'.:. ' .. ¦ Alameda.
'HAMMOND & "HAMMOND. "' \
..$1200 — A fine 4-room cottage ln a' grand loca-
tion. ' - ¦¦ "',-!','¦. I-".'. • ' -, / : ¦" . ¦ . ¦ " '¦
¦ $1 800— A flne modern . 6-room cottage ; porce-
lain tubs; open plumbing; excellently located;
easy terms. .. ¦ ¦- _. -.-: .-. . ..-
_' $2250 — Fine, modern, .'-'new. never occupied, .
5-room cottage on the northwest corner in the
c/J*raupart of the city; easy terms. . • : :¦
$2<50 — Fine 6-room cottage on San Jose av*.,*
in-the swellest part oftbe city; large lot; easy
terms. . ... . .... . ¦ . , ' , , .
$:JS0O— Finest 6-room cottage in the city. ' *
All we ask you to do Is to look at > this lot
on the north side of Central ave., 'near Morton
st. : any frontage; $30 a • foot.
Exchanges a specialty. . ,- ; : ' ! ¦
Fu 11 charge taken of property. • ¦ . • ; ,
Renting:. Conveyancing. ¦ • ¦"'>¦ ..."
jOpen Sundays and evenings. ¦-,' -
It you want to Invest or sell call or write.to
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, , .
* 2326 Santa Clara ave.,
'¦ ' ' ¦ -. .--." .-¦ ' . .:.- . -, /Alameda. '.
i BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; V» cash. Bank of Ala.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
| I Call, lo pages, sent ; to any | address ln the
united' States or Canada one year If or $1,
postage i>ald. •..-.' ¦
MUm ADVERTISEMENTS
$20,000— 10-ROOM '/house; grandest view in
Berkeley; flne barn; windmill' and tank; gas
engine: " fine' grounds; large lot. W.' C.
MORAN' & CO.
$12.500— 10 ROOMS;- fine barn; 6 acres of
land i fruit trees; - beautiful garden; cost
$21,000. W. C. MORAN'A CO.
$10,000— 10-ROOM house ln finest part of
Berkeley; fine barn and grounds. W. C.
MORAN & CO. ;
$3500— NEW 7-room house,- renting for $30 per
month. W. C. MORAN <& CO. ¦ ¦
?420l>— 8-ROOM house; lot 70x135; flije. garden;
; good neighborhood; 2 blocks to.U. C. grounds;
will sell on terms. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000— NEW 6 or 6 room cottages; lot 45x100;
: 3 blocks to cars; school and stores; porcelain
bath; tiled sink; stationary tubs; sideboard;
flne mantels; tinted walls; gas fixtures; $200
cash and balance $20 per month. W.. C.
MORAN & CO. "•-..- • . . "t . ;
SEND for map of the Wheeler tract; lots will
double Inside of.'a year; only 3 blocks to U.
C. grounds. W. C. MORAN & CO,, Lorin
station, and Schmidt < block, Berkeley. ; ,
1 $1000 — NEAT 4-room cottage; good nelghbor-
.hocd. . •'.¦-. •.-:'. * -¦ : • .
• 5 $1160— Nice lot; paved street: good loca-
tion; with '5-room 'cottage; 3 blocks from unl-'
verslty. : . .'.'¦.: . . - . '
$1400 — Good 5-room - house; , large lot; | 3
blocks of station. i » ¦ ' •- -. . '
$2200 — 7-room % house; -nearly '. new; ' all
street work done; near. High School. .
$2750 — Good 8-room - house; ¦ nice location;
-2 blocks from - university. ¦<_:-¦-... • .-, ¦ ."
$4500 — Modern , 11-room house; one block
from university. .' ;. • - " ' *
$4500 — New 14-room house; near university.
. $4500 — Fine 9-room , ¦ house, with nice
grounds; 3 blocks from . university. \ ¦
$6500 — Handsome 10-roora bouse ln an ele-
gant location; near university. - - ¦-. -
. ' , ¦ LYMAN ALLEN. * '. ' • ¦
.''.,¦ ,. ' 2129 Center st.
$1400— HOUSE of 8 rooms; ; large lot; street
work all done and near the station.* ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
¦.,--.•. ' Real Estate,^-". -'
-. - Berkeley Station. ,
JUST finished; house of 9 rooms and bath; fine
. corner lot; neat the statioai ani. electric cars;
only $3300. \- -&T O~' - ", '
JOSEPH J. MASON,
¦ • . V Real Estate, .,
- . . Berkeley Station.
$37D0 — A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
just being finished; lot 50x150; only 6 min-
utes* walk to the university; in the- very
best part of Berkeley. ¦ • -. . p
JOS. J/ MASON, .
- , - Real Estate. Berkeley.
BERKELEY BARGAINS FOR SALE BY .
MAY & MORTIMER. • .
$200 — Two lots, each 40x134; street sewered;
all ready to build on; a snap; only $200
each. .
$650— Lot 40x135. within one. block X. Berke-
. ley- depot; street macadamized ; just 2
lots left at this figure.
$2050 — A flne piece of property in the Scenic
Park, near university; 100x125; street
¦ work all done.
$2500 — Another good buy; corner lot in same
tract; 130x110; street work done.
, MAY, & MORTIMER. '
. 2123 Center St..
. . . Berkeley Station.
NEW 6-room modern 2-story house; large lot;
. all fenced ; close to school, ' stores, churches
and electric cars; price $1950; terms $150
cash, balance $10 per month; bank loaned
$1900 on this property; will rent for $16 per
month. HOME REALTY CO. Take Berke-
: ley train, get off at Lorln Station. . ¦¦¦¦¦¦-...'_
4-ROOM house, new; windmill and tank; deep
•well; lot 33x130; cement walks; 2 blocks
from school, church, stores,- R. R. station and
electric cars; price $1200; terms $160.'balance
' $15 monthly; this Is a snap. HOME REAL-
; TY CO. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln
1 Station. ¦¦•-¦-'., ¦ ;¦ .. .-• . . .
$4700 — 11-ROOM house, near U. C. grounds,
east of Telegraph ave. ; about 1 year old.
$1600— One of the. finest corner lots In
Scenic Park Tract; 60x125. ¦ . •
Corner lot on Shattuck ave.; worth $3000;
want an offer for quick: sale. .
'$750 — Corner lot, 3 blocks from Berkeley
-. station.
\ -¦.¦ ,S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Opposite First National Bank, Berkeley.
$1000 CASH, $33 per month, buys a beautiful
: new 8-room house, 50 ft. lot. fine neighbor-
• hood, in Berkeley; price $3500 "
WM. P. TODD. 1Q7Q Broadway,' Oakland.
CH > E £ P E? T and best ln America— The Weekly
"' "£ k } C oP a 5 es> 8ent t0 any address In. the
Lrnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. . •. ¦¦:¦ ' .
FRlliTVALEADyERtlSEMENTS
¦ — . . ; ' '¦- — "" - f ¦¦'"¦!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦• : •¦,'¦¦¦ ¦<¦*- ¦_-
UEAii ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER; Fruitvale Station. 1 Cal. | '.
M f70O — House of 4 rooms; stable and chicken-
house; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50x140; all
fenced; $100 cash. $S monthly. -
_ $750— House of 3 rooms' and attic; small
barn; good well and pump; Iofl25xll5- easy
terms if . desired. ---•'».
¦ S000 — $50 cash, $12 50 monthly; 'cottage of
3 rooms, hard .finished; 7-foot basement;
chicken-house; lot 75x100; .all .fenced; fine lo-
cation and a bargain. -^
New modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; marble washstand; • stationary tubs; 7-
toot basement; good brick foundation: fruit
trees, etc.; lot 77%x363; all I fenced and cross-
v fenced; fronting on main , county road. ' V,»
$2500—2% acres" of eandy: loam; cottage of 1
rooms > and bath. - basement, . etc. ; -. bam - and
chicken-houses; good well, windmill and tank;
choice _ location; flne place for raising chickens.
Chicken ranch of 8 acres; house of 4 rooms;
stable;.* chicken-houses; for rent at $10 per
month; stock and fixtures for ¦ sale, consisting
of 250 -laying hens. 3 chicken-houses, 1 Incu-
bator, brooder and wire fencing; all for $276; 60
young chickens, -v ¦ ¦¦^:-- , .
... For ¦ particulars apply to ¦'."• " ¦'•> . ' ':
H.'. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal. "
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 -teet, cor.
'Wilson ave. and Hopkins st.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage ot 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, plg-
- eonj. cote, etc. : - ornamental * grounds : fruit
- orchard; 20: minutes from Oakland or on»
"' $?X£ from " 8 - F. : rent $35 a month; price
M0O0.- Apply J. r. kreuD. Mills building,"
-or H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale ; 8tatlon. <;.•'.:
FOR ! RENT— Fruitvale ave:, ; cor. ¦: School ? st. ;
; elegant 2-story house, modern. 0 rooms," bath,
-laundry; gas and sewer connections; no fogs
- nor harsh .winds; .wide and deep lot; rent $251
select • section. - 455 ¦; Seventh .-St.. , opposite
, Broadway, station, -r, H. Z. JONES. ;««' ...
• LO J' a « n^ aIf C08t : ' choice location ; no agents.
:' Box 2232." Call office.. •; -;• , v . / . , , -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
ao na«es, in wrapper for .mailing; $1 per year.
STORAGE A!TO WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 . Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL KOTICES. /.'
THE -Pacific . Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1. 1901, tfi January 1. 1902, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girl*: Isidor Cohen, 13 yrs. 4 mos.: Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs. 4 moa.; Hannah Feingold.
8 yrs. 2 mos.; Henry Feingold. 5 yrs. 6 mos.;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Alma Wolff.
7 yrs. 3 mos.: Sam Bruckner. 8 yrs. 6 mos.:
Eva Bruckner. B yrs. 5 mos. ; Sam Shaphran.
8 yrs. H mos.; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Samuel Pud-
lln. 10 yrs. 6 mos. ; David Pudlin, 8 yrs. 3
mos,; Harold Levy. 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Clarenca
Levy. 4 yrs. 4 mos. : Louis Friedman. 9 yrs.
2 mos. ; Henry Friedman. 7 yra. 1 mo/; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Roe-
. enthal, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal, 4
yrs.; Ruben Vidaver. 12 yrs.: Matthias Vi-
daver, 10 ¦ yrs. 9 mos. ; Gertrude Jacobs, S
' yrs. 7 mos.; Mamie Levy. 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs. 'J mos. '
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum— on Halght st. — from July 1. 1901. to
January 1, 1902: Doris B. Whltehorn, 2 yrs.
6 moar; Tessle V. Buyck, 0 yrs. 10 mos. : Lena
Schmidt, 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Lena M. Hamberger,
6 yrs. ; Harry Klang. 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whltehorn, 6 yrs. 6 mos.: Herbert O.
Seemann, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Percy W. Stapleton.
8 yrs. 10 mos.; Harry Hamberger. 4 yrs. 5
moa.; James A. Ferguson. 8 yrs. 5 mos.;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos. ; Rudolph Bohde.
8 yrs.; William Hill, 8 yrs. 4 mos.; William,
Randolph, 7 yrs. 6 mos. ; Herbert W. Bollard.
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvlg, 10 yrs. 5 mos.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1. 1901,
to Jan. 1. 1902: Jennie Anderson, aged T
years, Olga Anderson, 4; Alice Obrlst. 7;
Onlta V. Mayberry. 11; Lucy B. Cain, 9:
Mary Colgrove, 3; Mary M. Crankshaw. 9:
Gladys Crankshaw. S; AdelaJds Parker, 10;
Margaret Voss, 10; Joycelln E. Martin, 11;
Ethel Plant. 12; Kat» Ohe. 11; Christine Ohe.
9; Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe, 2; Ruth
Congdon, 7; Mildred Congdon, S; Florence
Hodge, IS months; Grace Bess, 5 years; Iran*
Jonea. 10.
THEJollowlng half-orphans have been received
ln the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
alnce last publication: Violet Lumbers*. 4
years of age; Marlon Williams, 2 years of
age; Robert D. Mackay. 5 years of age.
THE annual meeting of th» 8. T. Nursery toe
Homeless Children will be held at 1584 Mis-
slon St.. TUESDAT. Jan. 14. 10 o'clock a. m.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms g-10;t«L55a0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
* EAV1NG MACHJff ES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; r«>
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALT, kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- .
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 43. 145 6th,' J
AMD SUPP1JE9.
iGREAT^tARGAINS TlNTTPETVrM'rERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than »ay
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 639 California; telephone Main 268.
' WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :estlmate free. 209Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meat-
Ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 7th, 1902, a dividend was de-
£l ared ,.v for tne h& K-year ending December
81st. 1901, at th« rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, .payable on and after the 15th
Jnsjt. Transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 15th lnst., both days Inclusive.
GEO. GRA3TT. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany. room 16, second, floor. Mills building,
8ap Francisco. Jan. 7. 1902— Dividend No.
190, of 42 cents per share on the Issued capl-
• tal stock of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany, will be payable at the office of said
company room 16 second floor. Mills build-
tag, onr Jan. 15, 1902. Transfer books will
close on J,an. » 1902, at 3 p. m.
' - - v ¦ McOARY. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses .were Issued!
yesterday: -
! George W. Boyle, 28, Santa Barbara, and
Mary T. Joslln. 24, Anamosa, la.
11 iDl 25 l> el" Thomas> ¦ 83 » clty « * ni Oth * C" 1 *
J i nin *. 22. 221 Clinton Park, and
Nellie R. Brown. 18. 512 Noe street.
Conrad Poehlmann. 50. Petaluma. and Kath-
ertne Schlelcher. 50. 1124 O'Farrell street
-Eugene Wagner. 35, Sulsun. j and Salons
Burk. 24. 2007 Pine street.
Henry B. Beal. 25. 33l',i Golden Oats ave-
nue, and Helen Corder, 19. 831 Twelfth street.
Nestor Kosklnen, 27, city, and Anna Ala-
pera. 39, city.
Herbert Rahn. 23. St. Helena, aad Mattla P
Bush. 20. St. Helena.
Joss GroKorlo, 30, 63 Jackson street, ana
Rosa C. Matos. 19, 65 Jackson street
John Mattson, 81, Berkeley, and Wandela M.
Johnson, 81, city.
Simon Rosen, 28, city, and Mlnnl* Welnbersr
20, city
Jere.P. Norrta. 84. 749 Harrison Btreet. and
Roma. Harris, 19, city.
William E. West. 38, city, and 2fcrrl« Mc-
Donald, 24, city.
Jose Santos, 26. 824 Jackson ttrMt. and
Julia Ambriz. 25, 824 Jackson street.
Henry C. Schmidt. 24, Pearl City, VL I..
and Marie T. Knlttel. 20. San RafaaL
BmTHS—HABHABES— DEATHS.
S0BN.
BACHRACH — In Berkeley, January 11. 1303,
to the wife of R. W. Bachrmch, a daus li-
ter.
BROWNE — In this city. January 8, 1903* to
the wife of Charles Browne, a son.
FOLLETT— In this city, January 5, 1802. to
the wife of E. E. Follett. a 'son.
GRUBB— In this city. January 8. 1303. to ta«
wife of J. Grubb, a daughter.
HALEY — In this city, January 8. 1902, to the
. wife of Chris J. Haley, a son.
HALLORAN — In this city, January 4. 1903, to
tne wife of D. J. Halloran. a daughter.
HARRY— In this city, January 3, 1903, to the
wife of Jack Harry, a «on.
HEANET — In this city. January 8, 1902, to
the wife o£ Frank G. Heaney. twin daugh-
HORRIGAN — In this city. January IX. 1902.
to the wife of James F. Horrigan, a son.
LANDGREBE— In this city, December 28.
1901, to the wife of Robert O. Landgrebe a
daughter.
NEWSHAM— In thU~city. January 5, 1902. to
.the wife of Harry Newsham. a. son.
R.\DGESKT-In this city. January 8. 1902.* to
the wife of Louis D. Radgesky/a daughter.
SEABURY— In this city, December 7, 1901, to
the wife of Thomaa H. Seabury, a son.
SJOGREN-In this city. January 7. 1902, to
the wife of Aug. SJogren. a son.
STAUF— In this city, to the wife of Werner
Stauf. a son.
TO^?~V l n thl8 Cl *?' Janua nr 3, 1902. to tha
•¦ wife of George H. Toon, a daughter.
WEDELL— In this city, January 11, 1902. to
the wife of Theodore Wedell. a daughter.
WILSON— In this city, January 6, 1902,' to th»
-wife of. James Wll3on. a son.
TVrATtBIEDT ~
TRAINOR— LERMEN— In this city, December
30, 1001. -by the Rev. Father Cranwell, Au-
gusttn N. Trainor of Sulsun and Gertrude
V. Lermen of San Francisco. ¦
~~ ~~ DIED. ~~"
Angerer. Elizabeth Jones. Rose M.
Barker. Sarah M. Joyner, Sarah J.
Becker. Peter King: Marguerite
Becker. Ralph W. Lang. Harris
Browne. Henry McMenomy, Ja«. W.
Cavanaugh. Richard Meagher. Ella V. II.
Douglas. Alexandra' Murphy, Marv D.
Fallon. Edward F. O'Brien, Frank
Fernandez. Walter O'Kane, Emily F.
Field, George L. O*Keefe, John
Finneran, Ann Robertson. Louise M.
Ford. Edward Rogers. Frank D.
Gllmour. Georee D. Rcsanberg. Chas K.
Goldberg. Daniel Seamans. William H.
¦ Greany. Henry J. x • Sommer. Ann •
Henry. John P. Wahmuth, August O.
• Hesketh. Hester B. Young, James
Holden. Edmund J^
ANGERER— In Alameda, January 10. 1902
Elizabeth Anserer. beloved sister of Mrs
A. Bleyman. a native of Germany, ae-etl 88
' years 2 months and 11 days.
£7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
> fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 017 MUslon street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BARKER — In this city. . January ' 10 190*>
Sarah M.. beloved wife of Frank Barker "a.
native of Rnmford. Me., agetl 75 years 1
month and 5 clays. ¦ .
ICT Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attenci the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Darlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Director- . ™i"«
California- street, between Flllmore-' . "and
Stelner. Interment private.
BECKER— In this city. January 10. 1902.
Peter beloved htsbanej of Elizabeth Becker,
and lather of Mrs. Marie Coffey and Emma
and the -late Ferdinand and Henry Becker.
? £ rJ£ Ot 1^ Germany, aged 65 year*
3 months and 13 days. A member of Verei.i
wntracht and Harmony Lodge No. «. A. O.
- ¦ t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
OAKLAND ADTERTISEMENTS-
* OAKIiAXP COTTAGES v TO LET. -
BUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric «er-
vle? throughout: 2 coal and l.gas grate; largj
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated: choice locality: will rent
. low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eigntn
ave. electrio cars, • corner Washington and
• Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
O AKLAX P ' jFgg^gySJ^SlSS. j5££!^.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
• SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland;
CnOOMS .JFOU HOUSRKEEjelSO^^
FOLSOM 525 — Large 'furnished front suite,
light housekeeping. $2 25 a week.
FOLSOM, 620 — Furnished and unfurnished on
first floor; large grounds for children.
FULTON. 308— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; yard 'and basement.
GEARY, 1527 — Front .unfurnished connecting
; rooms with alcove, running water, gas range,
bath. ¦ -.¦••¦¦. : . ¦ ¦
HAYES,' 526—2 sunny newly furnished rooms;
modern conveniences; $16. * ' >"'-" : '
HYDE, 408 — Two nice sunny basement rooms
. complete ' for housekpg; yard; laundry; $14.
JONES, CU— Back parlor connecting kitchen,
$18; front parlor, use kitchen, reasonable.
LAGUNA, 1107— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; bath; piano; reasonable; adults.
MARTHA place, 8. off Geary St., between Ma-
son and Taylor — 3 sunny/housekeeping rooms ;-
coal aod gas stove; sunny back yard.
MARY. 22 — 3 sunny rooms for housekeeping.
OAK, 119 — 2 largo sunny parlors, furnished
housekeeping, 2 beds, $16; small room, $4. .
POINT LOBOS, 1833, cor. 8th ave.— Furnished
housekeeping rooms. . . ¦ ¦ '
POLK, 453 — Four connected rooms for house-
keeping. . ¦ . . • <• .
TEHAMA, 478. near Sixth — 3 sunny rooms '
cpmpUte for housekeeping; $12; no children.
VALENCIA. 1232— Front parlor with use of
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; can
. . pay cart rent by taking car* of little girl.
{Call to-day, rt' • ¦
'CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unf am.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
. by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 SUth— Rooms.
I 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
ASH ave., 88 — Large back parlor, breakfast If
desired ; also room for $3 ; bath.
BERTLING. 736 Bush — Elegant sunny suits;
also single rooms; billiards for amusement
of guests; superior table; terms reasonable.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites,- single; also. unfurnished.
BUSH. 727 — Sunny furnished room, for gentle*
. man ; gas, bath. - -
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 724 — Front bay-window sunny room;
nicely newly f urn. ; hot & cold water, bath,
phone: suitable for 2; 11 to 1 and 6 to 7.
DEVISADERO, 1705 — Sunny, neatly furnished
rooms, $4 and $5 per month. - ..-
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
85c, $1 60 night; $1 60, $6 wk.; open all night.
i ELLIS, 606 — Nice sunny* suite of rooms; fire-
place ln both rooms. . .
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny rooms with 'closet; $1
• per week. • • -
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 863 (refurnished) — Big 'suite and sin-
gle rooms. ¦ - - - - - ¦
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE, 758 — Large sunny room, suit-
able for 2 g.nts; running water; $12; prlv.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission —
Family house ; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single; elevat.
GRANT ave.. 17 — Pleasant sunny rooms at
reasonable rates.
HARRISON. 1114. near Seventh— Nicely «ur-
nlshed rooms cheap. ....
HOWARD, 1063 — Two sunny front connecting
bay-window rooms, range, electrio lights, etc
JONES, 919^ — Comfortably furnished room,
bath, phone, grate; reasonable; private fam.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms, en suit* or single.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front room, neatly furn-
ished/ $5; sunny back room, furnished, $4.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites ;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MCALLISTER, 684— A large furnished room.
suitable for 2; eras, bath, phone. „ • ¦ .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2526 — Sunny room for lady; bath;
private family. ¦ ¦ '
NATOMA. • 217— Furnished rooms; also furn-
ished kitchen. . , .
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
. nished. rooms; $2 a week up; 85c a day np.
O'FARRELL.' 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL,: 827 — Fine sunny single room. $7
per month.
PERRY, 25 — 3 large sunny rooms; fine porch
and large yard; suitable for small family.
PINE. 956 — Two large sunny front rooms; hot
and cold running water, bath and phone.
ROYAL House. 126 EU13 — Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week, $3
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator m ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths...
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL,, 67 — Double and single rooms to
let. . - . , ¦ . ,
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
-.• Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. .
TENTH, 153— Good-sized, pleasant room, large
closet, for single man; $3.
VAN NESS ave.. 1429. SW. corner of Pine —
. Large sunny bay-window newly furnished
rooms; gas, bath, running water, telephone,
etc.; also a large unfurnished room.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been- established at- 1000
Valencia st. -.- >
A BUSINESS house, with no Interest except to
see a well deserved success made, would b«
glad to recommend an exceedingly good,
hcmellko - boarding-house to a few young
men; rates reasonable.: Address 2920, Call.
GOOD board, newly furnished ' sunny rooms,
grates, private family; Bush.-, nr. Taylor, af-
ter 15th; different, prices. Apply until 14th,"
' 667 Geary ft. -.-.--.- ¦ .' > ¦ . • ¦• '
ALMOR A, ¦ Twentieth and Mission— Large sun-
. ny corner suite, $55; other rooms; American
. cookinc. • . ¦„: •
ELEGANT furnished room ln modern flat;
• every convenience; congenial house; -fine
neighborhood; private; reas. 2307 Van Ness.
HOTEL Buena .V^sta will open to-day; newly
furnished; good table; ln warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia st.
HOTEL Dennistcn. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the, "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. ;"
THE Irvlngdale. 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
. -Kith board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house:
suites & single; board optional; steam heat.
JOHNSON House. 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suit© 3
- rms. ; run, water; '. ex. y table; beau. ground3.
PACIFIC ave., . 1716, above 'Van Ness LaTge
sunny room, with board; suitable for' 1 or 2.
PP.IVATE board for 1 or 2; room and board
$20 mo. 2022 Woolsey st.. Lorln. Berkeley.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished -
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Caff
16 pages, ln wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
ROOMS AND ; BOARD WANTED.
MAN wishes "unfurnished room, $.1 or $4 "month •
small family; on first floor. -. Box 2230. CalK
TWO youns ladles wish connecting rooms
with board, in private family. Box 2927. Call!
. i SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE-^Wlll; lengthy ads cure you? No
'¦; Call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1208 Market st
• ¦ and get cured ; treatment free. -SUNDAY. JANUARY 12.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sinks at the Boom:
: The steam launch 'of the French* cruiser
Protet '. splashed : herself j full of water ± on
Friday night and sank. .When "daylight
The" Max^Will i Dock .To-Day:
The French ! bark Max. .the vessel 'thai
sunk the steamshlp>WalIa\Walla t ' wlll;be
taken from ! the stream: to-day .arid docked
for repairs at Green-street wharf. *- ; *
the Walla Walla Hgrror;
Steamer Columbia Finds Reminder of
The steamship Columbia," which arrived
yesterday from Portland, brought on her
deck one of the life rafts launched, from
the sinking Walla Walla. The raft was
picked up by the Columbia on Friday
morning some seventy miles north of th/
scene of the collision. »"¦
The report of the finding of the derelict
caused some . excitement along the beach,
and the offices of tho Pacific Coast Steam
ship . Company < were bombarded with re
quests for particulars from relatives of
missing passengers and crew. -
A blue coat with silver buttons, such as
PICKS TIP A BAFT.
Zealandia Sails for Tahiti.
The Oceanic' Steamship Company's
steamer . Zealandia sailed at noon yester
day for Tahiti with thirty-three passen
gers and a full cargo. Among the pas
sengers were a number of gendarmes on
their way from France to Tahiti, where
they are detailed for duty as peace offi
cers. The Zealandia carried the following
named In the first cabin: »
G. -L." Kennedy, E. W. Carpenter and wife.
Charles Erau! t. wife and four children. D.
Atwater and H. Meuel.' . ¦
- The second cabin passengers were; •
L. Tournols, Charles Lemolne, E. C. Newton,
M. GIblly and wife. M. Chichillott, M. Parisllia.
M. Boulesteln and David Hanna. ; ;
Exports to the J Orient.
The:steamer City of Peking sailed yesterday
for China and Japan with an • assorted merV
chandlse .cargo valued at $235,528, manifested
and destined 'as follows: ¦ For, China, $121,759;
Japan/ $84,097; '¦ Manila, (24,086; East , Indies,
$5226; Korea,', $360. £ The . following. .were the
principal exports: ¦ ' ¦» '•' ¦ , .. ... . -.,
To China — 2554 lbs beans, 200 cs bottled beer,
5 cs bread, 1144 lbs butter, 3350 lbs 20 pkgs
cheese, 1710 lbs codfish. 5236 lbs coffee, 819 cs
assorted canned goods. ¦ 570 lbs chocolate, 140S
bales cotton domestics, U75S lbs «• cs ' dried
fruit, 3 cs drugs, 12,260 bbls flour, 48 pkgs fresh
fruit, 1095 pkgs groceries and provisions, 12,074
lbs ham' and bacon, 7 bales leather, 1800 lbs
lard, 100 gals a pkgs liquors, 375 lbs 2 cs mill
stuffs, 4. pkgs machinery. 100 lbs nuts, '500 lbs
dried peas, 0 pkgs ; paints and oils, 8625 lbs
pearl barley, 260 lbs 1 pkg raisins," 015 cs sal
mon, 1U cs rubber • shoes, r 870 gals 40 cs wine'
S34 gals 75 cs whisky. . - . ¦ •¦• .
To Japan-^23r pkgs agricultural Implements,
11 era bicycles and sundries, -2087 '. lbs" butter,
1488 lbs bread, 73 cs assorted canned goods.
1200 bales cotton, 195 lbs 1 : pkg dried fruit, '17
pkgs electrical supplies, 26 .bxs fresh' fruit, 39-i
pkgs groceries anH provisions,": 16 pkgs ¦ hard
ware.' 7 bales hose, 3 horses. > 549 lbs bam and
bacon, 95 rolls 1 cs ' leather, 18 cs liquors, 20
pkgs machinery. 392,201- lbs nitrate of soda. 70
rolls paper. • 15 cs rubber' goods, 400 cs soap
112.000 lbs i soda ash, G4.571 lbs tan bark,' 5 cs
600 gals wine. -• ¦ . •' ¦ •.
¦ To Manila— 2073 cs assorted canned ' goods.
44 rolls leather, 3 pkgs vehicles, .7 pkgs ma
chinery. 541 pkgs groceries and provisions. 260
lbs chocolate, 105 lbs hops. 100 lbs mlllstuffs.
100 bales oakum, 2000 . crs 1 . potatoes, : 14 pkgs
electrical supplies. 3 cs shoes, 38 cs hardware.
50 bxs oranges,- 5047 -lbs ham,. 8200 lbs codfish
1800 lbs dried f rait. . 4260 lbs bread, 3000 lba
lard, 13 pkgs-paste. ' . ¦ • ,...¦ .
i To East Indies — 310 cs canned salmon, 606
cs assorted canned goods, 300 lbs millstuffs 103
pkgs. hard ware. -1 reel wire, cable, 13 pkg3*gro
ccrles ' and > provisions.- ' . ._ . .- , _ • >- ..
- To Korea — 5 pkgs machinery. - ¦¦'¦'".
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer City of Puebla. sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general merchandise cargo
for British Columbia valued at" $17,937. /The'
cargo included the following merchandise and
produce ::..•;'•• •;• ¦ r .<-"- ¦ ,
56,620 lbs malt, 160 gals wine, 27, pkgs . fresh
vegetables, 437. pkgs freeh. fruits,. '-0 tons pis
iron, 1980 lbs sulphur, 3140 lbs millstuffs, 3 cs
hats, 2326 . lbs butter, . 1000 lbs nuts, 15 cyls
gas, 14 cs electrical supplies, 28S lbs chocolate,
177 lbs hops, 11 cs arms and ammunition, 100
lbs cheese, 1 108 • cs assorted canned goods, 2560
lbs dried fruit, 120 tons fire clay, 4 rolls leather,
270 lbs tobacco, 150 pkgs paste, 4 colls wire.
Matters : o£ Interest to : Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.'
"The German | bark Selene , is chartered for
wheat at Portland for Europe. ' .
ICOT13 — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tldei are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, ' as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except wnen a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the numbei
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean ol
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
is worn by waiters in the company's ser
vice, a pillow, a handkerchief and -three
life-preservers were found on the raft.
Captain C. Minor Goodall soon dispelled
any hopes raised by the *¦ discovery of the
raft.- ¦ -¦»•;• \ ",', ;-.-.' • ....¦¦¦ - , : - v
"All the Walla Walla" rafts are account
ed for," hesaid. ""There were five. When
the passengers were rescued . the , raft In
each case was turned loose, the rough sea
rendering picking them up impossible.
This raft brought in by the Columbia was
one abandoned^ by one of . the boats that
picked :up the passengers. There are still
four of them floating around somewhere."
THE Pacific Mall liner City of Pe
king sailed at 1 o'clock yester
day afternoon with many passen
gers and 3500 tons of freight.
Among the passengers was a
newly married couple, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Cable. 'As the steamship pulled
away from the dock the bride and groom
were made targets for a battery of old
shoes and rice. Mr. Cable hails from
Buffalo, but is in business in Yokohama,
where the couple will make their home.
Mrs. Cable was Miss Bessie Hicks of 419
Noe street. The wedding was celebrated
Friday at Mission Dolores. John Lath
rop, a well known newspaper man, for
merly connected with the local press, was
a passenger. Mr. and Mrs. H. M. von
Holt, Miss M. E. and Master H. V. von-
Holt of Honolulu were on board, and Dr.
Beebeof the navy left to join the York
town In Asiatic waters. There were ten
missionaries for China and Korea on
board. . ¦ ¦
The passenger list is as follows:
For Honolulu— Dr. C A. Allenberger. Wal
lace Anderson, L. Andrews, R. E. Callahan,
Mr« J H Coney and infant, H. Drumm, Dr.
J H. East J. K. Hale, W. Philip Hall, Mrs.
Dr W. Hoffman, Mrs. C. M. Hyde. Mrs. V.
Knudsen, John Lathrop, Miss P. G. Luster. J.
Mallon Mrs. J. Mallon and son, Mrs. J. Mon
earrat Miss E. G. O'Connell, Miss L. C. O'Con
nell W B. Standeford H. M. von Holt, ,Mrs.
H M von Holt, Miss M. E. von Holt, Master
H*. V. von Holt, J. M. Yaple Mrs. J. M.
Yaple, J Welssbein, Mrs. J. Weissbeln. E.
O. White. Mrs. E. O. White, Austin White,
For Yokohama — C. Cable, Mrs.' C. Cable, H.
R Case H. C. Fertlg, Miss. Irene P. Mann and
servant C. E Palmer, .Rev. D. Scudder, Mrs.
D Scudder, T.H. Towell. Mrs. T. H. Towell.
For Nagasaki — E. A. Elliott.
For 'Kobe — Mrs. Cameron Johnson.
For Shanghai — R. S. Anderson, Edgar Kuis
ner' M. A. Serebrenik.
For- Hongkong— Rev., A. Andersson. W. R.
Baumann, D. G. Beebe, Miss M. 'A. Beeson,
Miss T. H. Campbell. A. Cloarec, Mrs. L. H.
Collins, Rev. John Fee, .Mrs. John Fee and
infant. Miss A. M. Goode, J. S. Harris, H. C.
Hudtwalcker. Rev. R. A. Jaffray, Mrs. R. A.
Jaffray. Mrs. J. S. Minor, A. W. Rettig. Mrs.
A. W. Rettlg. Miss H. E. Rutherford. E. R.
Spencer. Mrs. E. R. Spencer, Rev, Henry Zehr.
From Honolulu— A. J. Kennedy. Miss K.
Kennedy. . ., . •
thority of the Superintendent.-
NOTE — The hiph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abou;
twenty-five mlrrutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide. •
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
/mm I Va
Shipping Intelligence.
. • ¦ . »¦ ARRIVED.
, . Saturday. January 11.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 50 % " hours from
Portland, via Astoria 45% hours.
' Stmr.Progreio, Harding, 10a hours from Se
attle. •-¦-- - -. ¦ .
5 Stmr Noyo, Johnson,;. 14 hours from Fort
-Bragc. . - . . ... . _
Stmr Aberdeen, Higglns, 25 hours, from Eu
reka; bound for Redondo; 'put' in to land pas
sengers. • ¦.'.•'•¦ - : • '''.f-Y- ¦•••''- ' ''¦" '¦ ¦ '
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, 4% days from Ta
coma; Oakland direct.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 26 hours from
Eureka.-" .' ¦¦ . :.••.¦.; .. ¦' • ' ! ¦•. ¦ .
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. 28: hours from Eu- •
reka. . .;¦ - ¦-;. / . •*- . :. -. •--. ¦ :¦ - -' — - - :. . r
Barge -Sa'nta Paula,' McGovern, 50 'hours
from' San, Pedro. - r ..... ; • •. . \
Schr Fortunn, Olsen. 3 days from Eureka.:
Schr R W Bartlett, Nielsen, 22 days from
Aberdeen, via Westport 11 days. ,
'. : ¦ ; :; cleared. : .:"..' '. ..;'. .
Saturday, January 11. . .
Stmr Columbia, -'Doran,'- Astoria;. O ', R &
N CO. ¦• . .- ;; -.. --•.--¦ .-¦ .-",»- ¦ ¦:¦
Strar Santa Ana, >Strand,- Seattle: E T Kruse.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka;' Goodali, Per*
kins - & Co. :•¦«- . . ;•- .: -<v ¦,.¦¦' ¦¦¦¦: •: ¦•¦ ':•- • .*,.'•
Btmr City, of Peking,.; Smith, Hongkong, etc;
P M SS Co. ¦•'...-.¦¦¦ ¦•--¦?• ¦?.- 7- . -.
Stmr .Zealandia. r lawless, - Tahiti; . J ' D
Spreckels & Bros Co., : . •. ¦ ,¦ -¦
¦ - 'SAILED.
Saturday, January 11.
Stmr City of Puebla.iepien, Victoria i and
Pu ret : Sound ¦ ports. - ¦ ' ••¦• -
. Stmr Kealandla. Lawless. Tahiti.'-' 1 • ' ;
Stmr City; of Pekinjr.- Smith, • Sonckong, etc.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hissins. Redondo.
Stmr Fulton,' Levinson, Eureka.
.Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka. ¦!
Btmr Point Arena, | Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr 'Arctic/ Erickson, Fort'Bracg. - ' ' '
US Btmr Bear, Tuttle, San Diego.
Ship Ecllose. Larsen, Tacoma: ' - " r
. Ship Falls of Clyde. Matson, Hilo. ¦ • ¦
Bark Tidal Wave; Liebie; Port Gamble.
Schr Coauillei . Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, ¦ Anderson, Bluslaw River.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, Willapa Harbor.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Backman, ¦ Tacoma.
LAUNCHED.' >. • ;v -
Jan 11, from Boole Shipyard. ' Alain eda, f bktn
Koko Head, 'for Hlnd t Rolph & Co. . - . ¦ .
¦ -: TELEGRAPHIC. . '
POINT LOBOS, Jan 11, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm. .-.::¦
DOMESTIC ¦ PORTS.
PORTLAND— Arrived Jan 11— Bark Charles
Goneod, from Nagasaki ; stmr GeoW Elder,
from San ; Francisco. ¦ • - ¦ • . - . . . ¦-¦ .. ¦
Sailed Jan 11 — Shin Wendur,' for Queens-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrlx-ed Jan* 11—
Stmr State of California, from San Diego, for
San Francisco." •¦ ¦• •: , ' ' ) • •¦.--',
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 11— Bktn City
of Pareete. ; for Port Gamble. ¦ , -s .
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan ¦ 11 — Ger ship Tarpen
bck,' for- QueenstownryBr' ship Rlversdale, for
Quer.nstown;' 'Br ship ¦•.Ilala, . for Queenstown;
Br shiiy Falklandbank; ¦ for Queenstown ; - bark
Haary Morse,' for San Francisco; Br ship Lat
imen, for Queenstown; schr Churchill, for San
Francisco; sohr Alcalde, for San Pedro.- . •
Arrived. Jan 11— Stmr:Lakme. hence Jan 7.
Jan 10 — Bktn Chehalls. hence Dec 22.
: NEAH BAY — Pased in' Jan 11 — Stmr Macki
naw, hence' Jan 8, for Tacoma. v - .'
,-SO»TH BEND—^Sailed Jan 11 — Bktn Glean
er, for San Francisco.,' '• V. . . .
EUREKA-^Salled.,Jan;il— Stmr Eureka anil
schr Barbara ' Hernster, for San Francisco;
stmr PfiBadena. for San Pedro. . '. ¦
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Marion,
from San Francisco; -Br -bark f I^oudon • Hill,
from Junin; Br bark Mary;A. Troop, from Mol
lendo.\ •..¦¦-' ./ ¦ •¦¦¦.•¦' -¦¦".¦•¦¦¦ \- ¦ ¦.¦..--.¦?¦:;
¦ •¦ Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Umatilla. for San Fran
c\ sco ; - ship • A ztec, - for ' San Francisco ; Br ship
Glenearry, forfLondon. ¦¦¦.¦--. ¦-
JJEW' WHATCOM— Arrived ¦ • Jan . lCM-Schr
Challeneer. hence Jnnvl. . ,- -. *. • •
PORT TOWNSEND^-Passed in Jan 11 — Br
ship Howard D Troop, for Tacoma; Br ship
Loudon Hill.* for 'Tacoma; ; Br. bark -Mary A
Troop, for' Hastings" Mill. '•'' • : = '.
. PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 11— Bktn City
of PHr>e*te, ; from Port Ludlow. -
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan, 11— Ger bark Reln
bek. f rcm ' Yokohama. - • . . . ¦ ¦ ' . •:• "
-TILLAMOOK— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr W H
Kruger. - Janll — Stmr Luella and schr .'Ante
lope, for San Francneo. ¦.''. :
GRAYS! HARBOR— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Co
ronadoj'for San Francisco. '¦ . ' • ¦"-• -¦¦ *
¦ Arrii ed Jan , 1 1 — Stmr .: Chehalls." hence Jan
8. Time. 38 hours. ;. . , ..-. .
f -- ¦ FOREIGN PORTS. ' . -
CORONEI/^-Aririved ' Jan 11 — Stmr Ameri
can, hf-hce Dec 16. • ¦¦¦: -.¦'.' ; ¦¦ "
ADELAIDE— Sailed Nov 23— Br ship .Sierra
Ventara. for Orezon.' ' " -.'=•:-
• 7 HONGKONG— Sailed . Dec 2&— Br itmr In
dravel 11, for.Oreeon. • ,- '¦ ; ..
Arrived Jan 0 — Br stmr Klntuck. from Clyde.
' ¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan lO^Br ship
Gal^ate. for ' Ryncorn. - . : * ¦
FREMANTLE — Arrived . prior to Jan 10—'
Schr -Prosper. -from Whatcom.'- t - ¦. ¦ •
i KOlXt — Arrived Jan 9— Br ; stmr • Glenogle,
from Tacoma.'"*. ¦ - '. •-• • ._' '/¦*{*¦:¦
'OUAYMAS— Arrived Jan 10— Schr . Lottie
Cation. ¦ from - Grays Harbor. •*- ¦. -•
NEWCASTLE,. A'Js— Sailed Jan 10— Schr
Mlndora, for .Mazatlan. -. ,
... OCEAN STEAMERS,
i- NEW YORK— Arrived Jan : Jl — Stmr Pt
Louis, from Southampton and Cherbourg: stmr
Etrurla.' from Liverpool.; "•• ¦'
Sailed .Jan' 11 — Stmr, Graf - Waidersee,; for
Hambunr. via Plymouth and : Cherbourg; stmr
Minneapolis, for London;. Btmr Ryndam, for
Rotterdam,", via ;< Boulogne;-, stmr' Peruvian. '; for
MarwlHes. etc: stmr Saxonia. for i Llv»rr)ool. • ¦¦'
LIVF.RPOOL— Sailed Jan .11— Stmr Srlvania,
for Boptnn: Btmr'Tvernla.:for New, York.'
- • QITBENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Um
bria.from N<»w York.. for Liverpool. • .•:¦¦ . -
• AUCKLAND-^Palled ; Jan 11— Stmr - Sierra,
from Prdney. NSW. for San Francisco.
;¦-; ANTWERP— Sailed -i Jan — Stmr iVader
land.'fer New .York. i - ;:.•¦»'<: •. • ,- -;f
••HAVRE — Sailed Jan ll-r*Stmr.La Savoie.'for
New Tor'-.' -- -. : : .->' ~ ¦'¦ ¦ ' ..- ¦' : ' -¦ ¦-
:t : CHERBOURG^-Salled " Jan - 11— Stmr \ Phlla
delphin. • from • Southampton.: for New:- York.' • ;T
: YOKOHAMA— : Arrived : prior to '. Jan 11—
Stmr Pak >Ling. • from Clyde,;;, via? Singapore,
etc. I frr Seattle; stmr ' Peru. ( for San Francisco,
via ., ITonoIulu.> for : ¦<- Honifkong; J stmr." Tartar.
came. yesterday, morning there was noth
ing to be seen of the launch, .but a taut
painter suspended in stiff | perpendicular
from the boat boom told the^ story. : Rais
ing tackle was soon rigged and made fast.
The launch will- be in. commission again
in a few days. •>..•; ... ...
DERELICTS FROM THE STEAMER
WALLA WALLA PICKED UP AT
SEA BY THE, COLUMBIA.
PACIFIC LINERS LEAVE THE PORT
AND HEAD FOR DISTANT ORIENT
39
THE «SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1902.
iun rise*
>un tets
¦Icon sets
, 7 :25
,.. : 5:11
....' S:1S p. m.
Z Ttsirl ITime ITime Tlmel
* 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? HTV| LAV H W L_W(
L2~ 1:56* 4.7 6:40 2.9 12:2S 4.9 7:14 0.3
13 2:25 4.8 7:32 2.8 1:16 4.6 7:51 0.7
14 3:00 4.9 8:31 2.5 2:14 4.2 8:34 1.2
15 3:37 5.0 8:41 2.'J 3:20 3.0 9:25 1.7
l« 4:15 5.110:45 1.9 4:60 3.7 10:15 2.2
,7 5C1 5.2!ll:56 1.3 6:30 3.6 11:16 2.5
8 5-52 5.3 1:03 0.7 8:00 3.7
' L W H W L W H VV
a 0:21] 2.6 6:43 C.5 2:02 0.1 9:09J 4.0
Steamer.
Tom.
ue.
Del* Norte.... Crescent City Jan. 12
Argo Coquille River Jan. 12
Strathsyle. . . Portland Jan. 12
R. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 12
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 12
Katnier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. Vi
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 12
Mandalay Coquille Hirer Jan. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan. 12
Aztec i Tacoma Jan. KJ
Crescent City. Crescent City ..... Jan. 13
Herodot ISeattle .' Jan. 14
Pleiades Oyster Harbor Jan. 14
J.-fi. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan. 14
Edith Seattle Jan. 15
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. 15
Pomona Humbotdt . Jan. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
San Pedro. . • . Humboldt Jan. 16
s-anta Ko«a.. Ban Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Pt. Arena. ... Point Arena ........... Jan. 18
Umatllla Pupet Sound Ports Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor ..Jan. 17
H. K. Marti.. China & Japan. ........ Jan. 18
Ukiaf f. Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 18
Chehalls Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan .19
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 19
North Fork. • Humboldt Jan. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 20
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 20
Argyll New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda {Honolulu Jan. 22
City Puebla..lPuget Sound Ports Jan. 22
Eteamer. Destination. Sails. I
Jannarr 12. ' I
Arcata Coos Bay & . Pt. Orf*d 10 am|
Pomona.. Hmnboldt jl:30p|
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way... 0 am
SantiAna. Seattle & .Tacoma... 10 am
i January 13.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .... 5pm
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm
Sequoia.... Gray* Harbor ...... 5pm
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11am
January 14.
Empire ... Cooa Bay 10am
Eureka Hurabolat 8 am
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... Sam
North Fork Humboldt 8 am
January 15. i
Strathcyle. China & Japan
State Cal.. San Diego tt Way... Dam
Mandalay. Coquille River 1 pm
January 1G.
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pm
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports.. 11am
Ventura...' Sydney & Way Pts.. 10am
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What.. 5pm
January 17."
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts ......
January is.
Herodot... Hamburg & Way..; ......
Point Arena Point Arena. ....... 2pm
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11am
Newport. . . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m
Bonlta Newport & Way Pu. 9 am
January 19.
San Pedro. Humboldt .......... '4pm
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma... 6 pm
Jasairr 2O.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor S pm
Jannary 21. |
Lakme.... Grays Harbor ."...
Gaelic China & Japan .... lpm
UmatiUa.. Pu^et Sound Ports.. 11am
Ne wburs - • Grays Harbor ;»..., ; 5 pm
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
I
I
I Pier 13
Pier u
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 21
| Pier 13
Pier 13
PJerll
Pier 2
| Pier 27
iPierll
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier B
Pier 7
Pier 2
I Pier 16
Pier—
Pier' «
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
' Pier -2
JPier 2
I Pier. 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Bteuner.
For.
Sails.
axallon Ekagway & Way Port B.j Jan. li
lottase City. Ska g way St Way Ports. (Jan. 1J
:. Thompson.! Cooks Inlet tc Way Pts.jjan. U
iun rise*
>un tets
¦Icon sets
, 7 :25
,.. : 5:11
....' S:1S p. m.
Z Ttsirl ITime ITime Tlmel
* 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? HTV| LAV H W L_W(
L2~ 1:56* 4.7 6:40 2.9 12:2S 4.9 7:14 0.3
13 2:25 4.8 7:32 2.8 1:16 4.6 7:51 0.7
14 3:00 4.9 8:31 2.5 2:14 4.2 8:34 1.2
15 3:37 5.0 8:41 2.'J 3:20 3.0 9:25 1.7
l« 4:15 5.110:45 1.9 4:60 3.7 10:15 2.2
,7 5C1 5.2!ll:56 1.3 6:30 3.6 11:16 2.5
8 5-52 5.3 1:03 0.7 8:00 3.7
' L W H W L W H VV
a 0:21] 2.6 6:43 C.5 2:02 0.1 9:09J 4.0
Steamer.
Tom.
ue.
Del* Norte.... Crescent City Jan. 12
Argo Coquille River Jan. 12
Strathsyle. . . Portland Jan. 12
R. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 12
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 12
Katnier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Jan. Vi
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 12
Mandalay Coquille Hirer Jan. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Jan. 12
Aztec i Tacoma Jan. KJ
Crescent City. Crescent City ..... Jan. 13
Herodot ISeattle .' Jan. 14
Pleiades Oyster Harbor Jan. 14
J.-fi. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma ...... Jan. 14
Edith Seattle Jan. 15
Nome City... San Pedro Jan. 15
Pomona Humbotdt . Jan. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
San Pedro. . • . Humboldt Jan. 16
s-anta Ko«a.. Ban Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Pt. Arena. ... Point Arena ........... Jan. 18
Umatllla Pupet Sound Ports Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor ..Jan. 17
H. K. Marti.. China & Japan. ........ Jan. 18
Ukiaf f. Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 18
Chehalls Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Jan .19
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 19
North Fork. • Humboldt Jan. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 20
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 20
Argyll New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Alameda {Honolulu Jan. 22
City Puebla..lPuget Sound Ports Jan. 22
Eteamer. Destination. Sails. I
Jannarr 12. ' I
Arcata Coos Bay & . Pt. Orf*d 10 am|
Pomona.. Hmnboldt jl:30p|
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way... 0 am
SantiAna. Seattle & .Tacoma... 10 am
i January 13.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .... 5pm
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm
Sequoia.... Gray* Harbor ...... 5pm
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11am
January 14.
Empire ... Cooa Bay 10am
Eureka Hurabolat 8 am
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... Sam
North Fork Humboldt 8 am
January 15. i
Strathcyle. China & Japan
State Cal.. San Diego tt Way... Dam
Mandalay. Coquille River 1 pm
January 1G.
Nome City. Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pm
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports.. 11am
Ventura...' Sydney & Way Pts.. 10am
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What.. 5pm
January 17."
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts ......
January is.
Herodot... Hamburg & Way..; ......
Point Arena Point Arena. ....... 2pm
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11am
Newport. . . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m
Bonlta Newport & Way Pu. 9 am
January 19.
San Pedro. Humboldt .......... '4pm
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma... 6 pm
Jasairr 2O.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor S pm
Jannary 21. |
Lakme.... Grays Harbor ."...
Gaelic China & Japan .... lpm
UmatiUa.. Pu^et Sound Ports.. 11am
Ne wburs - • Grays Harbor ;»..., ; 5 pm
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
I
I
I Pier 13
Pier u
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 21
| Pier 13
Pier 13
PJerll
Pier 2
| Pier 27
iPierll
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier B
Pier 7
Pier 2
I Pier 16
Pier—
Pier' «
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
' Pier -2
JPier 2
I Pier. 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Bteuner.
For.
Sails.
axallon Ekagway & Way Port B.j Jan. li
lottase City. Ska g way St Way Ports. (Jan. 1J
:. Thompson.! Cooks Inlet tc Way Pts.jjan. U
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO.!
VrmlftM lt>i»v« null nr» «lu«« to nrrl *• •* '
. •> :'* ; ,MN ritJlNCIXCO. r ;
(Main Line. Foot of Mwket 3tw«l) *
t«ATB — ; Tkou DicratBxa 6. 190L — uMtl .
7jOOa Bentd», Suliun, Elmlra and 8»cr*-
meuto... S:33»
7sO0a Vwaiille, Wbttos.itainMy 7i33r
" "i3Ua M*rlt!iez,S»ulUriinn,V»Ilejo,N»$>»»
H- #¦>-»-• Callstugk and 8tuu Rosa, 0:23*
8:00a Dnw, Woodland, Knlg&ts Lmdlng.
Marysville. Oro*Ul«.. 7i33*
•tOO* Atlautlo Kxpren— Ogden »nd East SiSSa
»io«»a KHes, Lathrop, Stockton 1:33*
SiOOiNlleg, MendoU. Hanford. Visalia, * - '
. . Pojterrllle 4:53f
1 1*0 a Shuta Cipreis— DarisT WilUaBsjf or
Bartlett Springs); WUlows, Rod
Bluff. PoiUmnd. * 7i33» -
»i30a Ban .Jims. Lltsrmors, Stockton, .
lone, Haerminsuto. . Plaoerrlllst
M»rjSTlllr. Chlco. l:«<ll5IulT 4:S3*
SiSOa Oakdale. Obiiiew.Sonora, Tuolumne 4:S3t
' »iOOV Haywnra. Niln and W»y Swtioni.. 1HM*
••••a Vallejo 1*:23»
- 9tV0A,L<M Annies Kz^reu — SUrtlnez, . ,
; Tracy, L*throp, Stockton, Merced
. -. Treauo «nd Los Angolea 7i53i
•tSOA VaUein, ftfartlnm ami W»7 Stations 7i.Mf
•OlOttA The Oerlanrt Limited— Ogden, I'on.
Ter, Ouiaba. Chicago HiSSV. .
fliOOp Sacramento Hirer Hteainara \\\\Wt
tiUUc lienicl». Winters, flieraruento,
, - . Woodland. Knlxbts l^autUnL ' ¦
M»r|«vll!», Orofllle...... I»:33a
ttSDr Ilajward. Nlles au«l Way Stotlona.. 7:33*
«ioor Martluex. Han lUniin. Vallejo, ' ¦ -"
Nap*. UalUtnva, Santa ltom HiSSr
«tOOp Nflea, Urermora. Stockton. LmSI... 13. aa*
4i8ur Hayward, Mien, Man Jose, Uff rmoro t Sj3»*
4>S9r Tli« Owl Limited — Freauo, Tulam, . •
• • . BskenSettl. Hang us for Santi liar-
* bars, Los Anceles... SiS3a
8 iOOr Port Coata. Tract. Lathrop, Stockton I (1:23a
Si«OfM»rtiiiti. AnUoch, Stockton. Mm-.
. -, oed. Fresno 1S>23»
Oinnr Ilsfnard. Miles aud Sau Josa *«•"»•'» a
fOiOnr Vailejo lliSS*
•lOwrOrienul M»ll-Ogi1en, Conxor,
Oinabs, St TiOuis. <!hlcsgo 4i*3*
YiOOr Orexon and CalifomU ICxi>reu,Ha«.
; .mnientn, Maryivlll», RstMtnv,'.
l'urtlnmi, 1'ngKt Hom.it aiul Kaak S>33*
l>«»r Ban Pablo. Port Conta, Maitlnes
and Way 8Utlou« lli«»A.
t»'O^P Vall-]o. 7»tt*f
COAST LINE (Narrow «an B e).
(FoototAliurktiStml.) '
Stl.iA Newark. Oenterillle.Han Jote. U'rlton,
¦ UoiiUlerOnrek.HautaOiiizaud W»>
Station*... 8>OO9
\%\ 1 Sf Now ark, (,'«n tertille.. Sail Jose. TSttm
Alniadan. Fulton. ItonMar Orn«k.
Santa Cms and Principal Way
' ' 8tatlo»». IOiIOA
4 il!*r Newark, Han Jose, I*»Gatos 1§:5ua
«8.3of Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
- 8Ution» HJW
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS raiSOISCO— raoi of Mtikat Street (Slip 81 —
t7:15 >:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:00 B^SCM.
FMmOilUJB— rnl*rBMia*kT.— f»:00 \iM \%M
10:00 *.M. 13:03 8.03 4:03r.M.
COAST LJNE (Rros<l <l»ug«).
: . ¦.'. .(ThlrJai.tlTowngen.l3ta.) _"
«il«A S»n Jcse and Way Utationa. ... «s-4««
7i«Oa Ran Jo«« m.il W»y KUtluim t«:«M»»
/7i««»a New Almaileii. /J:10»
«iOOACs«st Una limited — San Jose,
Ollrt'y, Salinaj, San Lais Obiapo,
' - Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles and
Brincipallntermediata stations.... 10:439
¦lOOAHau Jose. Ties linos, s.u.t.i Clb,
raoille Unm, ealinaa. San Lull
Oblspo and Principal iiitermtidUta
. KUUons ..... . .................. 4ll*V
IOiSOa San Jcse and Wiy stations. »::in*
I ItSOx Han .Inse ami War Station* 0: l»A
i3: 15p San Mati-o. Jtodwnoil, Menlo Park,
• l'alo Alto. NanU Clara. Hun. lone.
Trea Pino*; HanU Crux, Salinas.
Monterey »i»l l'aoftlc (Srofe JIO:43a
S;SO P Han Jose and Way HUtliun. ........ ls»»B>
M:l»e SaiiJnwumi Principal Way Station* SiSO* .
1:30 r Sonset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Friday*, for Los Angeles, £1
Paso. New Urlea&g and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lo.I3»
{3:00pSah Joae, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations ,D:IM»a
' UiSOr S»u.l.>«e«...l Principal \V» T Stations «:!•#
C::to« 3n..lns» *.i.l Way .Stations 7i.lO#
7i00f New Orleans Exprens — San Lnfs
Obispo, Kant* lUrrtan, Lcs An-
geles, D mini;. El Paso, New Or-
letns and East - 7:3(1 a,
«Ht43p8>i>.lng»»n.> Way Station. 7;3O»
A for Morning. P for A f tarnoon.
t Hh ml»r ti«w t«l - - 1 5»Hnd»» only. -
_« Saturday only. / Tnecdays and Fridays^
_
GALIF02NIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CG.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6an Francisco to San Rafaol.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a." m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. '11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p..m. ». "
Saa Rafaal to Son Francisco. ¦ ;
WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:50, 0:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:43, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:65 and ti:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — Sao. »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, ' C:2S p. m. ¦ ¦ •
Leave I In Effect I Arriva
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week t Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25arr»
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton, •
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am >
5:C0pm Healdsbursr. 10:40am
Lytton, i-v- ••-¦
Oeyservllle.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am
3 :30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
S Z :30pm 5:00pm 6:20prm
7 :30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
. and
5:10pm B :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm,
7:30am[ 8:00am|. ~ |10:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm| 5:00pm( Sebastopol. { 7:35pm| 6:20prq
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Kulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for. Lytton,
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland fo?
Duncan Srrings, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett- Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
rotter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Her ley* 3.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullviUe. Orr"s
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willits, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ • ¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronic!* ,
bU ilf 'cf WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Via Sausall to Ferry
• Commencing September 29, 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEt
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m,. .
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 6:15, •6:15,' 6:46 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00. •10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. •l:13i '¦¦
8-15. »4:45. 6:30. 9:20 p. ra.
" Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-^»5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10:14
a. m.. »12:25. 2:15, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and • 9:35 p. m. :
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. »10:0O, ni:45 a. m.,
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. "e^O p. m.. ..
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO HAN FRANCISCO.'
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 6:45. 7:55. 8;55. 10:30
am., 12:35. 2:4V 3:50, 8:10 p. m. "
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
asd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ?>-..
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15i
S - 3O. 6-00. 6:45 p. m-
THROUGH TRAINS. PHSH
. 6:55. a. ra. week days — Cazadera and way
*1l :45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. rn. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. ¦
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot cf Marfcet Si San Fran.
Pays- da>^- rt a. m . t ,«r
»«> a. 8.-00A. w.,,. at no 1-fiO '• U*J a.
iat ttest ' : s '¦
| l:15r. *-^* 1 ** %mi * 15^5 F.
r»,inrw!nl>tanilnll«n.i:.Kl.
T<-^-f <Hlm "^ »»»*^» lir"^*^ — ¦* B/liniB T *T*T T*^f*T
-" L Ef i? Q b a nen-rclscaof »
IS inHlBBsMflli P W°fdy for Gonorrbcea..
M n f . ( .**»S3 t»lw»t. Spermatorrhoea,
i®3r CURES^63 White*, caaitaril dij-
A&hf ta 1 to 5 i%T%. U charses. or any inflatnnii-
&S?2 Cmaraa»ed to * tioa, irriiation or ulcera-
Bl___j4 Prmwri ticn of ciQcon^ mem*
V. a. A, jm&T br ezpreas, prepaid, for
4?^^J»>-*4J^« i 100 - or Tbottle*. »2.ra.
a urcclar sent oa rwjaest.
Weekly Call.Sl. 00 per Year
will be' celebrated for the repoBe of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'BRiEN-i-In this ¦ city, January 10, 1902,
Frank, beloved husband of Katie O'Brien,
stepfather of William and Emma Hartnett.
brother of the late John O'Brien and Mrs.
Charles Aregger. and stepbrother of Thomas
Moran. a native of Sari Francisco, aged BS
. years. -- : ¦• . 1 ¦¦. . • - :«ji . • ¦-
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
.(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 183 Harriet street, thence to; St. Pat-
rick's Church for ten-ices at 12:S0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'KANE — In this city/January 11, 1902,? at
the residence of the parents, 1614 Guerrero
street. Emily P.. beloved daughter of James
W. and Catherine O' Kane, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and. 1
day.
O' KEEFE— In this city. January 10.
John, beloved hueband of Annie O Keefe,
brother of Michael P. O' Keefe. and brother-
in-law of Thomas and James Kelly, a native
of County Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 43 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltid to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11! o'clock, from. the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, lid Mis-
sion Etreet, thence to St. Joseph s Church
for services at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTSON— In this city. January 11, 1902,
Louise M. Robertson, a native of Maine,
ared 74 years. (Eureka, Cal., and Maine
papers please copy.) .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318
Mason etreet, between O'Farrell and Geary.
ROGERS — In Oakland, January 10, 1902,
Frank D. Rogers, beloved father of Mrs. j
R. J Ward, a native of Western Islands,
ag.xi C2 years and 11 months. A member of |
Council No. 7. U. P. E. C.
tpr Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral services j
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his daughter, Mrs. R. J. Ward,
H2.m Campbell street. West Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
ROSENBER(3 — In this city, January 10, 1902.
Charles K., beloved husband of Lucy M.
Rosenberg, and father of Elizabeth Munson
lloseziberz. a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years 11 months and 10 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitsd to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:45 o'clock, at the
chapel in Odd Fellows' Cemetery, under the
auspices of California Parlor No. 1, N. S.
G. XV.
ROSENBERG — In this city. January 9, 1902.
Charles K. Rosenberg 1 ,, beloved brother «of*
Mrs. S. Tomlinson of San Jose and Mary H.
and Louis K. Rosenberg, a native of San
Francisco, ased 37 years 11 months and 11
days.
EEAMAXS — In Washington. D. C, January 3,
19('2, William H. Seamans, brlsradler gen-
eral and adjutant general National Guard of
California, beloved husband of Carrie I>.
BeamEJis. and father of Grace S. Bernes, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged C7 yeara.
ICTFuneral to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from armory of First Battalion Artillery.
815 Ellis street, under the ausDlces - of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R..
and National Guard of California. Com-
]>a:i:cr.s of Loyal Legion and members of
Army and Navy League are Invited to. join
Gecrge II. Thomas Pott, and will a6sembli
at rost room of latter. 320 Post street, at :»
o'clock. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
eidlo.
SOMMER — In Llvermore. January 10, 1902,
Ann Sommer, beloved mother of Mrs. C. M.
Hunt. "Walter M. and Harry H. Heywood
anil the late Georgle Phillips, a native of
St. Georee, New Brunswick.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late '
residence. 2030 Cedar street. Berkeley, thence
to th» Church of the Good Shenherd, West
Berkeley, for services beginning at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land, Cal.
WAHMUTH— In Napa. Cal.. January 10. 1902.
August O., beloved son of Lena and the late
Henry Wahmuth, and brother of William H.
and Louis Wahmuth and Mrs. F. Lorder.
a native of San Francisco, aged 37 years 8
months' and 21 days.
C7The ftrnerel will take place to-day
fEundayi. at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 1218 Broadway, Alameda, Cal. In-
terment rrivate.
YOUNG— In this city. January 10.; 1902. James
Young, dearly beloved brother of Josle
Young. Mrs. Elize Keefe, Mrs. Mary Men-
zies and William H. Young, a native of Cin-
clnnatl. Ohio, ared S8 years. '
.Shanahan Florist Co;
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.keahELUS ZSff 5050
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 516 Octavia street, between Hayes
and Grove. Interment Mount Olivet . Cems- (
tery- -
3ECKER— In thla city. January 10, 1902,
Kalph "Will lam Becker, a native of San
Francisco, aced 17 years 6 months and 18
Oays.
E7"The funeral Trill take place 'to-day
(Sunday), tit 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
lience. S32 Valencia etreet. Interment pri-
vate.
:>nOWNE— la this city, January n, 1902
Henry. lnJant 6on of Charles and Annie
Browne.
.'AVAXAUGH — In this city, January 11, . 1902 <
at 162 Clara etreet, Richard, beloved hue-
band of Mary Cavanaugh. and beloved father
of Mrs. John Madden, Patrick. Richard and
Thomas Cavanaugrh and Mrs. Ann Costello, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 67
yeara. , <
DOUGLAS— In this city. January 9, ISO*
Alexandra Ch., beloved wife of George R.
Oouclas. and mother of Alexandra. George.
Maria. Vsmael. Clotilde and Louisa Douglas,
a native of Mexico, aged 67 years S months
r.nd 10 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ettend the funeral Ben-Ices
to-morrow .Monday), at 9 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1222 Waller etreet. near Masonic
avenue, thence to the Spanish Church. Broad-
way and Mason street, where a mass will bS
celebrated lor the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, thence by 'electric
car from Fourteenth and Mission streets at
11:30 o'clock for Holy Cress Cemetery.
FALLON— In this city. January 1L 1902, Ed-
ward Francis Falion, beloved husband of
Ahbip Falion. and* father of Llllie M. and
Oodfrey Falion, a native of County Roscom-
mon, Ireland.
FERNANDEZ— In this city, January 10. 1902,
WaUer, infant son of Richard and Susan
Fernandez, a native of San Francisco, aged
* days.
FIELD— January .2. 1902. George L. Field. &
passerper of the wrecked Walla Walla, from
exposure at rea, off Mendoclno coast, beloved
liucband of Iolia Field, and father of George,
lotU and Wallace Field, a native of Prince
EJwsrd Island, aced 26 years.
FINNEUAN— In this city. January lL 1002.
Ann, beloved wife of John Finneran. mother
of Jobn Finneran, and elster of Mrs. T.
Leach. Mr*. R. Henderson. Mrs. M. O'Con-
nell and JClchael, Patrick and Martin Flynn,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland,
ajred S5 years. i
CTRematns at the r-arlors of the United
Vndertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth etreet.
FORD — In San Jose, January 10. 1902. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of the late Mamie ,
Ford, fatter of Mabel Ford, and son of the
late John end Kathcrine Ford, a native of
Kngland, aged S3 years. (New York papers
please cojiy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlors J
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Hou
Cross Cemeterr, by carriaee.
GILMOUR— In this city, January 10 190...
George D. beloved husband of Sarah ull-
mour, an£ father of George. John. \Villlam
and Andrew Gilrr.our and Mrs. V. H. French.
a native of Paisley. Scotland, aged .1 years
•4 months and 17 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 263 Harriet street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
GOLDBERG— Relatives and friends are In- |
vited to attend the setting of the tombstone
of the la::e Daniel Goldberg at the Salem
Ometery. Sunday. January 12. 1902. Train
m leaves Third and Townsend streets at 11:SO
•a r'clook.
GKEAXy— In this city. January 9. 1002.
Iler.rv J. Greany of South San Francisco, be-
loved brother of F. J. Greany and Mrs. K.
1'eters.en, a native of California, aeed 21
years 10 months and 4 days. A member cf
Live Oak Lodjre No. «7. F. of A-
CTFrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
:?und:y), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hail. Fourteenth and Railroad avenues.
South San Francisco, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Live Oak
lx>dse No. <>T. F. of A. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
If. P. Peicrsen & Co.. £2S McAllister street-
HEXRV- la this city, January 3. 1002, John
I'., bf-lovei brother of Charles and the late
<ieorge Kenry. and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Kate Henry, a native cf San Francisio. aped
."" years. A member cf A. O. H. No. 14.
Mistica Council No. 3. Y. M. I.: Fraternal
order of Eagles No. 5; Mission Parlor No.
a*. IC. S. O. W.. and K. H. B.
CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ir.vited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of aic-Fadaen. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Ma-
rion etreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE officers and rnem'.iers of the Ancient
Cider of Hibernians are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late State and
Ccur.ty Treasurer, Jchn P. Kenry. trom the
undertaking parlors cf McFadden. McBrearty
& Green, 1171 ilission street. Members wi:l
tremble at Hibernia Hall. 320 Ninth street,
to-day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock noon. Reeu- j
laticn Laiii'e will be worn. By order cf
J. J. DONAHUE. Co. Pres.
P. J. KELLEHER. Co. Sec
MISSION* Council No. 3. Y. M. I. — The offi-
cers and members of Mlrsion Council No. 3,
Y. M. I., are hereby notified to attend the.
tuneral of our ¦ deceased brother. John P.
Henry, from the funeral parlors of McFad-
jj den. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street,
to-»Jay (Hun-lay), at 1 :30 o'clock.
CHARLES G. WILLEY. President.
D. J. MOYNIHAX. Secretary.
MEMBERS of Mission Parlor No. E8. N. S.
G. \V., will assemble as above at 1:15 o'clock.
WALTER N. BRUNT. President.
GEORGE S. LONG JR.. Secretary.
KKIGKTS of the Red Branch— The funeral
detail will assemble at our hall to-day {Sun-
day), not later than 1 o'clock, for the pur-
pose of attendins (In carriages) the funeral
of our late brother, Jchr. Patrick Henry. By
prder cf the president.
HfcSKETH— In this city, January 11. 1002.
Jiiestcr B., beloved daughter of Thomas and
Alice Hesketh., a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 10 days.
HOLDEN— In Oakland. January 10. 1902. Ed-
mund J. Holden. father of E. J. Holden Jr..
and brotiier of G. H. Holden, a native of
California, ared i,"3 years.
C^TTlv; funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Monday), at 1:^0 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. »46 Mission street.
Interment .Drivatc. Please omit flowers.
JONES — ta this city. January 10. 1802. Rose
Mari-? Jones, beloved daughter cf Michael J.
and Res; A. Jcnes. and sister of James H.,
Evelin M. and George S. Jones, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 7 months and 10 day«.
C^TFriends and aequr.intances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
ct his parents, lZi\b Ringold street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
fOYNER— In this city. January II. 1002.
Barah J.. beloved wife of Peter Joyner.
mother o:'. Patrick, John, Katie, Willie, Ber-
nard. Matgie. James and Julia Joyner, sister
of Mrs. J. J. Kennedy, and sister-in-law of
Patrick Joyner. Mrs. P. J. Ryan and Mrs.
.1. Leavy, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land ap<id 43 years S months and O days.
C7"Fri?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
IMoaday). at 9:30 o"clock, from her late
residence. 239 Henri' 6treet. off Castro, be-
tween Fourteenth and Fifteenth, thence ti
the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer.
- where a requiem high macs will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KING— In this city. January 11. 1902. Mar-
guerite, beloved wife of Arthur King, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 23 years.
LANG — At the Paciflf Hebrew Home. Janu-
ary 1L 19C2. Harris Lang, a native of New
York. au;d €7 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mor.day), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. »46 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Town send
streets.
LAWLEY — In this city. January 11. 1902. Jo-
hanna, cearly beloved wire of Michael Caw-
\ ley, and devoted mother of Magpie. John,
Klla. Thomas. Annie, Michael. Mary and
Katie L.iwley and Mrs. James Hore. a na-
tive cf Ballyloncford, County Kerry, Ire-
land.
fr7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McMENOMT— In this city. January 11. 1902,
Janvs \Y. McMenomy, belo\ - ed brother of J.
If. McMenomy, Mrs. William Dunn, Mrs.
" Mary Holden and Mrs. John Gallagher, a
native cl Troy, N. Y-. aged 56 years.
aiEACTHEIt— In Oakland. January 11. 1002,
E"a Vjrjla Mulr, wife of John Mearher. a
native o:"\OaHan<l. Cal.. aged 23 years 10
mor-.hs and 3*. day*.
CFrW-nde an* acquaintances are respect-
.- fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-incrro"*- (Monday's at 2 o'clock, at her
lat<: residence 721 Frar.klin street. Oakland.
MI'RPHT-ln this city, January 11. 1902.
Mary D., beloved wlf* of the late Martin
Murphy, and mother of Mrs. J. Tltue. • Mrs^-'
L. Bums and Mrs. T. Casoly. a natfve of
County Lonrfcrd. Ireland, aged 71 years.
CyTht funeral will take place to-morrow
iMordayi. at U o'clock, from her late reni-
rt<*nc, i:»4 Lyon street, thence to Si. Dom-
inic's Church, wt-.ere a requiem high mars
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
<SurcesFor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«T.
FUNEP.AL DIRECTORS AND EMBAT.MTSR3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telernone South 80.
Alt Olivet Cemetery,
EATS BRUNO TTTT.T.S. '
OFFICE 916 MARKET 6TREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
KEVV HK.n uF U/SDEKTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers* Association; M. J.
McBrearty. -with the came company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and I -Tilth. Tclepbon* South 44.
REMOVED!
i- \ MCGINN BROS..
i FTJTCERAI. DIRECTORS and EMBALMERH,
V io 222 and 226 McAllister etreet. iFormerly of
tt Eddy street. Tel. South 252.) 1
/ Pacific Goast Steamship Co.
.' . SUamera' leave : Broadway
IS*. 1 Wharf, San Francisco :
iiSSfcfcs For Ketchlkan. Juneau,
tS|ffSSWfc__ Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m. Jan. 11. 16. 21. =a 81.
i ES^BSM 'jal • Feb. 5. Change to company's
; K«£gC l \>*|vj steamers at Seattle.
r^VffmXA - For .i Victoria, . Vancouver,
V- •^ttHSU Port Townsend, SeatUe. Ta-
; ' 7^'comi. -Everett. .New* What-
com— 11 a. rn-^Jan. 11. 16. 21. 26.^81. Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. rat Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
¦- For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1 :30 p- m..
Jan.: 12. 17, 22. 27. Feb." 1. " - ¦ „
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays.,© a. m.
• For Los ' Angeles, , calling at Santa Cru».
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), •Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San
Pedro and' 'Newport (*Bonlta only). .
Bonita. 0 a. m., Jan. 2, 10. 18, 26. Feb. 3.
Coos Bay." 9 a. m., Jan. 6, 14. 22. 30. Feb. 7.
' 'For Ensenada; Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Maratlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and- Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th , of each
month, i ' ¦ ¦ • - • . '.
For further information obtain folders.
- Right ' is reserved to change steamers or sall-
1D 1?1CKET OWJCE— < New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS; & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OR. & & CO.
Oxxly StaMnaUpXiine «o
PORTLAND, Or., % %
And Shori Rail Line frcm Portland to oil
points East. Throufih Tickets to all
pointR.-nl! rnil on steamship and rail, at
STEAHER TICKETS iNCLUDE BiiRTi tnd HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails _.
................Jan. IS, 23; Feb.' 2, 12. 22.
SS. GEO. W, ELDER Sails. ............
.........Jan. IS, 23; Feb. 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.S.F.
TOYO K1SEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki, and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of eallinsr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
• • *. ? .:....:.... Thursday. January' 30th, 1902
8S.* NIPPON MARU...:............ ••
........... .Tuesday. . February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU. W
.......Friday. March 21st, 1902
1 Round-trip tickets I at reduced; rates. For
freight- and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE:
NEW YOfiK, SOUTHAMPTON, LOS DON, PARIS.
'. Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. ...Feb. 12
St. Paul Jan. 2n|St. Paul.... Feb. 19
St. Louis ..Feb. 6lSt. Louis.. Feb. 26
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southward .....Jan. 22 Zeeland .Feb. 12
Vaderland .. Jan. 28 Haverford .....Feb. 19
•Kensington : . . .Feb. B Frtesland . . .". . .Feb. 28
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. «
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
. vvvwiu >^y «y «wy » direct line reTAHra
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu,. Samoa, 'Anck-..
land and Sydney. .. .Thurs.. Jan. 16^*10 a. ro.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
A Saturday, Jan. 25, '02, 2 p.m.
i. D.SPSECXELS k BROS. CO., fitntrat Agents, 327 Markst SI
Ssn'l Passsnger Office, 643 Market St., tor Ho/7. PaciSc St
' CLARK'S CRUISE OF THE "CELTIC."
THE LARGEST STEAMER IN THE WORLD.
7h°e MEDITERRANEAN *&8 ORIENT
FEBRUARY 8, 74 DAYS. $400 AND UP. i
Iccludlnn Shore Excursions, Hotels, Drives, etc.
. IS DAYS IN EGYPT and the HOLY LAND.
Clark's r x:u"sii>ns to furnpe I0O2.
Send for programmes. • K. C. CLARK, 111
;.¦ . Broadway. N.'- Y. ¦
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sutf Americana deVapore;
To Valparaiso", T stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, -pier 10. 12 m. ' ; < .
SANTIAGO.... Jan. 0 GUATEMALA. Feb. 15
TUCAPEL.....Jan. 28i PALENA .'.:.^.......
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral i and South . American -passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and 'passenger office, 316 California street. ¦
BALFOUR,. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R,^ ?
TO NEW; YORX^ Y)\ FANAMV OlHEiir,
. Cabin, $105; Steerage,'$40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll » oils Tuesday, Jan. 28
8. S. Leelana-.v fails Monday, . Feb. . 3
»>. t». Arfey'.l sails Monday. Mar.' IO
From' Howard-street wharf at 2 p.' m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
, ' F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPA3NI3 CENESAL3 TBANBATLANT1Q7S
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARIS _ J!rtM _.
Sailing every Thursday, instead ol jRffCOfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier
North Ixiver, foot of Morton etreet.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon.i
class to Havre. (45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZf. & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San . Francisco.
Tlrketa «old by alt Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY 'AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YAM AND VALLEJ)
Stamen GES. FRISBI3 or HONTICELLO
9:45 a.m.. 3:15 and 8:C0 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30' noon. 9 p. re., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p.. m. Far* 6-3
Cents. | Telephone Main - 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street - dock. . HATCH
BROS. ¦¦¦¦'¦ .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa p
Traihs-Daiiy.
:. ' . Leave Market-street . Ferry Depot.
: ~^~ ~~- '- Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local .
,- .:.¦:¦ Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00a 8:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•'Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 u
•• Fresno... 2:o5 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
'• .Visalia.. 3:39p .. 5:0Oa.
"Bakersfld C:15 p 5:20 p 7:45a.......
-•' Kan. City .: 2:40a 7:30a
•• Chicago.. ....... 2:15p 0:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.: , ~~
8 -.00 , a. m. . train : Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping • Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield \ tor accommodation of
local first-class" passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7;05 a. m. flatly.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. -Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m.'. dally. -¦¦'- ¦¦¦-¦ ¦ .
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. .
7:20 a. m. Is Ba&ersfleld Local, stopping
at all points. in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train' arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market : street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco;. 1112 Broadway.
pakland.^___i___j^____l. ~
HOTEL . ARRIVALS.
• ? NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
• F Louroth, ; Bakersfleld A HuxfonJ, N T
M C Smalley. Rodeo . C Davis/ N.Y.
J Gay, Seattle ' ;-."•. W J Anderson. Pa
J Park. B C D Hal pin, Manila
J H Altlneyer. Spokan» H- D Murray, N Y- - -
• F Newton &.W, Oakld M Britr.-N Y .',
O Newton & w. Antch E J Risk. S Rosa
'C Smith.'- Denver •.- L Ashford. Clnn
O-P Rhodes," N Orleans J Doj-1«. Kansas;. City
. T "VVarren. Boston', .< M Buckner. Kansas C
¦ W.T ; Loring. - Boston . ; O - G L Johnson,*, Ohio
iBear'Crocs to San Diego."
¦-'.The "revenue cutter Bear sailed yesterday
for San iDieso.*. where she will remain for
?h«rest of the winter.
53 .'-"•¦ ¦',-¦¦*:: ft l"': ¦ . ¦ ':'..¦¦¦¦.-•¦¦¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, J2, \ 1903;
40
Sheets and Pillow Cases.
Some Unusual Values.
We sell them cheaper because we sell more of them. That's the way we
have of stimulating January business. We try to make the saving so tempt-
ing 3'ou'll buy for future needs. t
We preface the sheet-and-pillow-case story with:
Wamsutta Muslin pc a Yard.
It's the same standard muslin every one prefers. So good and worthy it's
always in demand at .full prices. 36 inches wide and bleached. 3 cases of
mill lengths 10 to 20 yards each; on sale 9c a yard.
50c Sheets 4&c. Wtnnswfia Sheets.
Not a low-grade sheet either. Bleached, in all sizes: plain hem-
Made from an extra heavy grade of med or hemstitched.
sheeting with a 2-inch hem: free T . n .
from dressing; 54x90 inches; 42c in- 4he Flam Hemmed Ars:
stead of 50c. . 50c— 54x90. SOc-Slx90.
4Gc. worth 55c-C3xS0 inches. 65c-€5xS0 S."»c— 00x90.
4J>C. worth 60c— 72x90 inches. . 7Oc— 72x90. !>Oe— £K>x93.
f>4t?, worth 65c— 81x90 Inches. ¦¦
5I)c. worth 70c— 90x90 inches. -The Hemstitched Are:
They are sheets you are all glad (j.-Jc-54x99. sr>c-72xSD.
to pay full prices for. They are way 75c-€5x80. 9oc-8ix99.
ahead of the common ordinary kind. 80c— 65x99. SI. 00—90x93.
600 Pillow Cases worth 18c at 14c.
45x36 inches, with a 2-inch hem; made from a fine quality of muslin.
It's a good case cheap.
%. t : .. — .;
Table Linens— Towels.
We can take less profits now, and so can makers, in order to keep busi-
ness wheels moving. Wise folks take advantage of these occasions to lay in
a supply.
20 Pieces AIl=Linen Table Damask 45c Yd
It's bleached, and 62 inches wide; but feel of the quality, see the pretty
patterns. It's more for the money than is usually given. It's not a cheap linen
by any means. It's a good linen cheap.
Bleached Damask at $ 1.00 Yd — 75c Damask at G3c— 10 pieces, 66
20 pieces of it, full 2 yards wide: inches wide; and all linen. "A fine,
heavier than common and all pure 11 .,- - , • ,
linen. It's in many novel patterns. closel y woven tabhn^ in bn * ht >
Napkins to match it at $3.25 a cheery patterns,
dozen: three quarter size. : Table Linens at 50c — 64 inches
Table Linens 40c Yd. — 56 inches wide; unbleached; very heavy; four
wide; all linen and unbleached. new patterns. •
Great Values in Huck Towels.
1250 dozen (15,000 huck) towels, in most every size, ready for special
selling to-morrow. Most of the prices are lower than we ask any' other
time — all of them lower than any we know of in the city. About "as easy now
to buy dozens as it usually is to buy half-dozens.
8 cents — Size 16x30, plain 9)4 cents— Size 17x32.
and colored borders. 12^ .'cents— Size 19x36.
11 cents— Siz? 17x34. -g-20 cents— Size. 20x38, all
15 cents— Size 20x40. linen. ; v:
20c Damask Towels at
Larpe and pretty 20x40 Inches, fringed and bordered: they wash nice and soft, pure and
white. Folks win buy ln dozens and half dozens. Biggest users of towels will be moat
. X^ Interested. In this sale of white towels.. • ,
""New Black Silks 85c.
Figured satin Mcrveilleux. a soft, bright finished silk, with dot and fig-
ures as well as many new striped effects, styles to be much worn for waists'
separate skirts or ei'en full costumes, 22 inches wide. One we bought to
sell at $1.00, but were so anxious for a big silk trade we will take less profits
than common to get it — 85c a yard.
New Gr-nadiTlfS $1.25. wlth a bright black Flare finish and a
New open-work stripes and heavy r i C °,I",^,- but ?°& a , nd wl » not ?"?,*•'
corded effects. Some of them have that ftjl eri lff&* we) S ht l % petticoats, lin-
tucked appearance and which Is so i5f fl./"S*f' <» etc> , We " w <> r th 75c.
stylish. They are as Frenchy as they Hale s price. 65c.
can be well made. 36 Ire j Taffe''f $].00.
75c T-iffit.n 65c -Most stores sell it at 51.S, pure silk.
A black Swiss cYoth. 23 ttcne, wide. SSS *^ ?f nOt CraCk $$$
French C '/tallies at 60c and 7oc.
The newest thin* for waists, so soft and cjmging— so tempting, 'in
new spring shades of old rose, reseda, light biue, cardinal, bright navy; this
one with self-colored stripes is one of the most attractive styles shown—
75C , ¦ y ¦-:.-,
Most of you will be caueht.with the Persian effects first They arc in
I stripes and i*i clusters of fijjures— new colorings — 6oc. , • , '* '
• ' .\", •'": . .. Annual Rei$n of White-
The Embroideries
Are Hal* Priced And New.
—And sprintr sevving just ahead. Won't you like this? All of it so crispy
trcsn, so perfect, so worthy and such a variety. ,.-,;
7 4 I 50,000 Yards.
A. full stock in itself. Fact is: You couldn't expect a broader or
ctioicer choosing if you paid twice as much as we'll ask. .^;
All widths'and qualities. Details are:
Edgings and insertions up to 2.V2 Edgings up to 6j4 inches, insertions
inches wide in cambric and nain- "P to 3 inches. Hundreds of pat-
sook, worth in the regular way sc terns and all of them fresh and sea-
a yard. - sonable. < .- •'
12 J Ac yd ——
OC 7/(1 Cambric 'and nainsook edgings up
Cambric and nairrsook edgings. *° 7 inches, insertions up to
narrow and firm, and wide ones up inches. You'd pay regularly 162-3C »
to 3I/2 inches. and 20c for them.
f&% 7/ -7 " •¦:.-'- 18c 1/d ~
' / J Cambric and nainsook edgings op
Cambric and nainsook and Swiss to 10 inches,- the embroidered part
edgings up to S inches wide, and in- being from 3 to 4J4 inches in depth;
sertions up to 2j4 inches, in pat- the finest and choicest oatterns
terns you'd pay 10c and I2j^c for in seen anywhere, worth regularly ur>
regular stocks. to 30c yard.
50c and 75c Lawn Tuckings at 25c.
1500 yards, in plain effects, of small and large tucks and fancy reverea
effects; 20 to 24 inches wide.
S— — ; : : — — : fr
I- .. •" ' ' ! : : : : — — V
Men -s Shirts, Collars.
J —Collars, worth $1.50 dozen, for 50c
— Unlaundered Shirts, 35c — 3 for $1.00.
.-' —UnlaMndered Shirts. 43c— 6 for $2.50. - :
Let collars and shirts speak for themselves.
The Collars, 50c a Dozen,
Are what sell regularly at I2j4c each— a standard make, but of such styles
as we shall not reorder. They include Piccadilly, band and high standing
- styles. Some 1200 of them for selling during the reign of white, 50c a
dozen, instead of $iiso.
The Unlaundered Shirts,
At 35c- ; •:/.: 12g|
Of good wearable muslin, linen bosoms, reinforced front and back:
seams are all double sewed, with gus^ts and continuous facing, split
; - neckband, 35c each, or 3 for $1.00.
At. 43c-
Unlaundered shirts of New York mills muslin. It's a shirt for fit and
¦ service that can't be improved, and every weak point is protected. It is
one of our best values— so good that it seldom gets in the papers, and
yet we are always sold out of them, but we've an extra supply for "this *
occasion. .' " ' \ ' ' '¦. .[ . _^* u
Face S t ea mer : Va por izer.
Simplest— —Quickest — —Cheapest, :
This Week Only $3.OO Each. *"""
You have steam-in a minute— steam that % floats out without burning you.
Physicians have fallen in love with it— and indorsed it heartily. They find
that by one inhaling medicated air it'll cure catarrh/asthma or throat trot^ 1 -
while IT CURES COLD IN TEN MINUTES. For that alone it shoukfbe
in «*verv -"^faJMk^ffi
3C *^^^^^^ Best of all: there's nothing like it to steam the
aggSu- -rt^SJjfflPffi face - When you see how it takes away blackheads.
.HW^SSL_^^KS "freckles, wrinkles and gives you a bright, healthy
Wiw complexion, you'd have it at any price. By special
Elm' SiSP8&ii! ' ar . rangement with the nianufacturers we'll sell it
lyll or — Usual Price $5
ffir-: ¦ rjiMMrg^ I As weI1 as fulIy and frce! >' demonstratin? it to each
i^^^^hf^y^r^^i onc who wants { ? know '"ore about it— hairdress-
; . . .**»*7 ™ ing and manicuring parlors.'
[,:..j;'. ,.-.;, m .. ¦ ¦¦•¦- ~ ? ~ ~~~ ; -*•
Gate Av3. : . JOSt gooi>s>^*^
Greatest Stationery Values of All
White reign^T— 3ven the price's bew in humility^ They >are lower - Q '-•.'... ¦"--••' ;¦ — ' . v ' '- ' -^
than vve ever knew of for such pretty, daintv' stationery — as much [l^r hov «<-5*t iorierv 8c
of a surprise for us as it will, be for ycu. We didn't buy this to \% G - *° *^ 5 ' I re-
sell so ch?ap, but when weopenej it up, and f -und how temp. ing it I«C box Stationery, 1UC
\va?, we saw it would pay to make it stili more temptingly 25c box Stationery, IOC
stiil lower prices. . *~ [ 5Oc box stationery, 25c
.Ail of It Fresh and New.-' l Bo " dJjapsr ' pound ' 19c l
S6 new we've not a box of it. We kncw.(f no'bettcr. stationery anywhere at full prices than you
may buy now co^e to half price. How can anyone keep ircm buying whether they need or not?
,400 Boxes 15c Stationery at 8c
It's fine, stylish society cream notepaper. with envelopes to match, fixed up in. dainty boxes, tied with pretty rib-
bons. It's as much as you can expect at any time at 15c. Take it now., while it lasts, 8c. .¦..'. .
: . . 18c Stationer ji at 10c. r : liSocSia^ioneruai2oc.^ }^
Two styles. First, Dresden plate finish note paper and envelopes; thin. For grown-up folks, a royal Highland linen bond paper. In the pop-
nne almost transparent, but as tough as leather. You may cruni- . uhir white or blu.e tints. The latest thing In the stationery worl^.
. tm i ? i?i yo S r hand an^ then Emocth ll out without a. .wrinkle. . Xothlrrg could be daintier or prettier. You could not expect to get
ri,i ?£ -t 11 a box -^ r ''.' . ¦•¦ ••¦-.. ¦.':'¦ , more for 35c fhan'we will give you to-morrow for 25c. ..
The other. Imperial satin finish note paper, pink and blue tints: new ,.- ' . ' . .
shape envelopes^ Th, very latest thins. How.lt will go at 10c t -HtlT.lblU* O 0c vSj X CbHoneni (it 3&C- '
¦ 2 OC Stationer If at- lOC. It'-s.the well.known Royal Highland linen. In the newest shades of
Royal Italian fiber union finish.note paper with envelopes to match-" -- Pearl., gray, .and -£* Us. blue. .wUh. new. ahapp.enve.lopes that match.
new and popular correspondence e^cTtd J n f 0 * ** W6 d Sh ° W l £ No \ to Ca " y ° Ut
pay 25c for any time, we put on sale to-morrow morning at 15c. . the sale Idea we liu.k it «oc. . .f .
oOc Stationery a,t 25c a Box. Jnsh Lrien Env doves 10c Package.
It's the newest thins we've seen for children;- new shape box no • No ' 5 ' comn ierclal slz«. a real Irish linen: 25 la a package— ICc.
SM^^^^^4S^^^toi%^^^^^! Hur i>iu's Envelopes 15c Pac tage.'
Irish Linen TaMets 25c Q **<*,«»«** -n co^ercu, B u e^h.te. - .
Th^e ordinary letter cisej : cream color. One of our special sale values, . OCOt Gib jUITICTI JbnVeiOpeS 1UC'
" oC ~ ' ¦ Cream color; 25 in a'paclcage. - - '• •
Fine Writing Paper, a Pound, Ipc. ,
Stylish society paper at the plainest kind of a price. The old- style, bond.- Dresden "blue, white and heliotrope
paper, satin finish. We know we have not enough of it, but we Rot all we could.."
Euvelcpss to Match This 10c, Package. . .
White Dinner#are at a Saying
And it's on 'y unpacked. Couldn't -he, newer or better if we aslced iull prices.
..This importer ¦wanted us to help him adjust his stock (same as we ask you to help us adjust ours- sometimes.
rle gave us such an inducement we couldn t resist. .Real profit'Koes to you. We i.re only your suppliers. Acom-
. mission is all we ask. v ; • , ;. . "; ... r >: ;
¦^om^wfttiew-^SM oi tJ^ e kind we know of » and you(wUI say sb.'too, when you know it's GBIKDLEY'S
JjjboX ±jXm wXiX.ri.i WAKE. . ¦ . . • . .,.'-:,'.• " ;.<¦*.• ' • ', •
¦E^ry.P'ece. stamped. All in- the new classic. shape— what you'd Hkelyxhoose first if you had a half-dozen to
;$I.T5 Cups and Saucers at $1.20 a Dozen. V
They are! the new shape, "so much like chinavyou would not kno^v^ the difference unless -you ' are an expert
w
Light, weight English porcelain, embossed. 7-in. size.; 8-in'. Plates now Dinner' Plates, o-in.* OSc dozen .
Soup Plates 08c a dozsn—^ylth fluted rims or the new coupe soup plate: ... / ' ; ; >;"-
18c Platters at 12c. 30c Open Vegetables at 23c.
io-inch ones, deep.ovaljshape.'. , , : • . ¦ io-inch orics. oval shape, .g-inch open vegetable dishes i^c.
, — 12-inch platters. 23c; • . — i6-inch,platters,-55c.. - . Sugar/Bowl^ 3Oc^-Covered.ahd withdouble handles. '
— 14-mch ones at 38c. > — 18-inch. platters, 85c ir •: : Sauce. or Fruit Dishes 45c Dozen— cv<,inch size - •
Sauce ox. Gravy Boats 21c--Large size, hold V/z pints. Individual Butter: Dishes 30c Dozen— vinch fsize !
Soup Tureen »Sc— 10 inches across top; ne\y low., shapes: : Creamer, ; 13c_lH olds \Vi pints 1 ¦"¦"! -'' • - : " : v
635^^ Pinuoc.;, pints 30.
Lace
Now's the Time to Buy. V Gain Is All Your Way.
White triumphs— will you^ share trophies?. The.drapery store 'is in:^^the. height of its 'glory now. ; " *"
Wo never had so much tbere_ %//*/o /^_i ikc i y ;^^ >By - makine thi -
• extra effort : >ve turn an otherwise dull period into 'the busiest. '' - , • : . • * ' " '
We never had such a «^/ver/-inobody's taste has beenleft out ' - ' ...
We never had so much beauty Aefore-*^ of all; it's beauty^ you won't find elsewhere. These designs are .exclu-
• Then the prices mean so ir.u3h--Kot that they are so'low (no prices arc lower)- but there's so much^ more for ¦ the '
price than is usually given. " ,;,; • -:¦•¦>¦-* _-.. ' - --^ ¦:;':::¦-:• ¦ .
• Who; can keep from buying with so many advantages 'facing ; them?. ¦:• : "' ; ' : ,' ' ' :
, ."' fOOpalra white or ecru Nottingham. Curtains, 3 yards longr. 38. '„' 200 pairs ecrii or white fine NottlBgham Curtains in ''tii»"'nr>>rn«
7 feairs ecru or whUe :NotU D6 h am : CurU.ns. : 3 i : ya r d saon^ana ; M <!p r ™ *'*??* / / '[ \
1 CUrtalnS ln -ryprett, pattern^- --.
$i.oo- :;. , ¦ *_.; ':¦ ' ¦ '; .. . . : fW^ \M 'v-- - •,.-¦" v. : '-.y: " ¦ i^ v^:
¦-•;'400 pairs white or ecru "Curtains, 3 yards long, 45 Inches wide* ¦¦Jir.aOlCbTl .Lrltri a~L7hS~* ¦ . """ ~ — .
te ™" ; th€y haVe the : app ? aran i e o( much ' hl *&« " : C '¦¦ eOpiireTSU Vrds^ long. -SO) Inches ¦wide., wlthrnarrow. and prettily ;
priced curtains. -_ y .. . ., .. desl S ned_ borders. This. Is an after-stock-takln*: lot' and must be
$125— — — - i ; ,- .. ¦:¦ ; cleared before. the_new spring, goods arrive. They have .been $5.50
y>j-.~y(j . jaagyjfap^asBflaiwImHBSiaaj^^iBHg^^aa!?^^ . .- and ,54.30; buy th\m- now for from $3.00 to ?4.00.-
¦ ; COO 'pairs 'ecru -or whiy Uottlnsham 5 Curtains/' 3% -yards lonir '• ' *¦' - •'."' "—•'¦¦' '• ' ¦¦¦ ; «:¦,•". '. : -.'''¦ ,'¦
.regular width; suitable for dining-room or bedroom purposes -r»" N "."*- '" •'>»¦'¦'/¦¦"• ' ' ' v i -''*•¦ • '- t
$1 50 — ¦ " Renaissance Curtains* ..." . . : ¦•
yW* :^Tn*y have a. plain center, with : narrow and medium width at these low prices.'- Buy them this week \f oi ' about half^ their
Half-Yearly Event. Save Money on White Things. °~ ~~ZT r ~ T O^arl irVie* Opf^lil^
why? , *;. - "^M^tM^tm Keaa ine uclciii&.
To make more business* JW JMJ^^^^^^^.^^^ Here are the proudest values weteveri printed. •
January would be a dull month if we didn't coax trade. We are willing to take less profits if < -^ .->•; * 3S cood&*^ Gold type was never so expressive^ Yet the story isn't half told here. It's the garments them-
we can keep busy. Makers figure same way (we couldn't have had such good values if ; , , , _ that offer the biggest reason for your buying.
they hadn't helped us.) So we all gain. They gain, we gain, you gain. A grand co-opera- &*//¦ So don't stop with the reading— see them if you're interested in prettiness and daintiness and
live scheme. • ¦ . . • ytw'ftlf >^^/ goodness ¦ „ i
The whole store takes part. So general and so plentiful, it reminds one more ot VvJ ffi'j^^^^S&VV ¦' P' ,— • " *~+
A Pain nf Vflffip* •• WW%, I ¦ Corset Covers. downs.
*^ IVClIll \J\ fCllUWO .-.. tw&F^&W/ P J?r I Of good, muslin: plain round" high 4 g c 3 styles; good muslin: hi«h neck;
: 'W'-' '''-'.-> ~' : -C'- t ) : -' , . • • . , , rw», .' *, , • ,_, ¦ - /I r Wz0Zs?Q^. W// W ° C ; "neck * 4 OL square yoke, trimmed with lace and fine
Than anything else. Ana the ram has turned to snow. The store is all white. The greatest WtWm^'\—^W Ir ' •- ¦¦•••" tucks: lace trimmed ruffles on collar and cuffs.
nntnoiiT-iTio^ in «sr>Tn*» time* -^ Ol&M*. 7/ lIMfftftZ^J VN "'^v> '-'"-* ' Cambric, low square neck, trimmed .
outpouring in some time. ,,> -,. ; , , ,. ', 1 1® '^~ -^<X l,Mi C "with embroidery. -^ ' • c'Rc 3 styles; good soft finish muslm or cam-
Hale wit and enterprise never accomplished so much before. Time now to think of what white i llffl^^ v» sSIB v - ''•¦'' ' • D brie; high neck; yok€ of fine cluster
+V.:«o. £? ,T«,,M1 ««/4 it,« 'cntlnff • -'• '%$M " I'tul' vK/fi \fflL -••" '¦ -'.o. ' ' 10 styles, cambric, high neck, low neck, tucks: also square yoke of lace insertion and fine tucks;
things you 11 need this spring. .-. • j ifiW^\^^ -//''A . \i I- -?* C ::.>-- ,-• V neck, round or square neck; trimmed hemstitched cambric ruffle on collar and cuffs. j
*~ir-*t- -'^m m + '• ' V ? -* " ! 1 5 \Wj(/if -i T' •'" : : with embroidery or -lace. styles; good soft cambric and muslin:
B^r^^k l%fitiditt 1 I 1ffl£Vi£bft*ltfLr£b<r& 1* IS B W>)\\\\ ¦ ?~r 8 styles; cambric-round, square or V . c . round or square yokes: some trimmed
B IC 111 L^I i J S SSJCS / f£k\ iMIVI \ neck; trimmed with lace or embroidery; with lace insertion and fine hemstitched tucks; some
11 -*-JL^^ v » A «W14^* MM. M. H n Xsr,l \*S & V T 'A W . ¦ JHSl ;. ffl.Jjf K >iU trimmed armholes ; with solid yoke of embroidery with embroidery ruffle on
t-t. , ¦ ¦¦..¦'¦ y MW WfW'W^M^'- Kb ' ' ¦' ¦ collar and cuffs to match; others with yokes of solid
Was never SO tempting. > ¦my JMtf^ ' cSc * styles; fine cambric; round, square or - hemstitched tucks. % '.-i k :. :
Never so much of "it. All new (beautifully trimmed ivibh new laces and em- *''>/ jmgj ~*^s^_—'^ Wmlm , ' 1 v neck; richly trimmed with cmbroid- __8 styles: fine muslin or cambric; hizhjow
hs the advertisement we're after— and future business it will bring. So we are on our mettle. .'// j^^i W vffl ' - O o^______4 styles; fine cambric r round or v neck: match. r; ; f f
Giving VOU more for your money than we usually do and making it as JJOOd as ever will pay in ' A^S^M ivm^<', " «J!'%^ W^-S^h C y trimmed with embroidery, lace and in- « __5 styles; fine cambric: some with yokes
,- -r -^ j »^. ¦ U4. ¦¦fyJ^^mJVfsQfa //, \v *"^J* "-*^Z.Mr\ sertion, pearl buttons. * •'.,,.. 7 OC trimmed with lace, insertion and fine
time, even if it doesn t pay right now. , , . ,^WM\t M HnS A^ ,^M ¦ • Q / fi U W , tucks: others with yoke of embroidery insertion and
We can afford to do this but twice a year. We pick out the quiet times when such a stimulat- 'p^ W| pg| -^^^ely^imm^d^h^^nd rit ribbon bow: co]hr and cuffs trimmed t0 match>
ing effort will keep US busy> — January and Tune. - ¦ -^ ¦ •.' y^^^i^Mi'^m-^- vJ^Mm^ : bon.- embroidery and insertion. " qSc- -% l - l h $i- 28 « $ I -38, $1.48, tip to
. .. ' . VW/Mi • ImM^XH^^klm/^ 1 ',' <*£^WrT*' ' ' ' % '¦-¦¦¦'.- , $7-^o, made of fine cambric and beauti-
We'll not show Such a variety again till next June. You not only have more to pick from, but ¦Wllllllll lEsM^^/^Ww^'' OTHER HANDSOME STYLES at 68c, 88c, 08c; all fully trimmed with laces and embroideries. All of them
you save most if you buy now. Example: " '* ¦"•» E-'Sil Win/ #^<fc&< \\P\^^[ . one - third less than regular prices. • one-third less than regular prices.
50c Drawers and Corset Covers at 28c. '; V^^4(lt|\ft Imkff 4 - Drawers. Skirts. . .
Fine cambric and soft muslins: hosts of styles. . WMiS^L$l\\h Hi rRr- - 2 styles; good muslin; d«p hemstitched A g c 3 styles; good soft muslin, trimmed at
'Si fin Clowns nnri Skirts flt rSr WmW^ 'm? MV %^^ U - cambric ruffle; also deep hem and three *° . bottom with embroidery ruffle and fine
«P1.UU UUWIia dUU *JIVII L2> ai^)OU ' : small tucks. ' - . --gs tucks; other, styles with lace ruffle, extra dust ruffle.
New styles; .carefully, liberally made. - ,.; " ., _ . -i^^^^^Wi^^^fciV 2>c- 3 s.tyles; good soft muslin; deep cam- gc _ styles; good soft musijn: deep hem-
But it's too much to ask us to pick out the best-they are all best. To-day we print the first list:- - : . V . -W CP ruffle oP^nS a!^^b^ideS ' ru ffl e of cambric^n^Si^h^S" 01111 aIs ° nmbrcUa
s-* * m s~r •* m a s~* « • ! ' ' ~T~ — I ~. JqS '3 styles; good soft muslin; deep hem- . n , . £ . . ' .." • . , ~±
ChemiSe SlCirt CliemKP ! \\/I«24-a Da<a«m^ ' ~" Pitched lawn ruffle, trimmed with fine 68c- w-indi < k
WUVilllOWa 4J7IV1I L VllWlUidC. • WnlLe KeifTflS tucks:, also deep cambric ruffle edged with Torchon lace brella ruffle of cambric and .embrotde\in»
?8 C Good muslin, yoke of tucks and em- . op. Fine cambric: neck and" aYmhoW trim- rr L 7 . . <f ¦ . •'•¦¦¦.:¦ or embroidery. ¦ ; -^-'^'. . 78c— 6 " 3 7 f *
~ 6C broider>- insertion; neck and armholes 6SC med* w;th embroidery; yoke of em- Uiulerm^slins , Sheets. ShceUng : ,o r ¦ 3 styles; fine soft cambric: deep urn- ' , fle » 3 rows of hemstitched tucks: extra
trimmed with lace. ; broidery, insertion and ribbon; tucked cambric flounce S'aliorterii Pillow Cases J t° L brella flounce; trimmed with lace, inser- aust ruine.
. > ¦-;.; , on bottom. . - . - M" it's Shirts Muslin, tion and fine tucks.* gg c . .2 styles; fine cambric; 15-inch deep ura-
3 8c 2 styles; muslin or cambric; yoke of Q o. Fine cambric: round yoke of Tnrrhnn if&'Zrn/izM V ,h1* Tin, n * xo~ " Fine cambric or muslin, richly trimmed , T-. brella flounce; bottom trimmed with
a . .. fine tucks and rows of lace 'inser- 0<3C lace, drawn with baby ribbon; neck and M*n .LoUaif 1 able Linens 68c- : "with wide ruffle of embroidery, inser- 3 clusters of 4 tucks each. Other styles with 24 fine tucks .
tion; lace trimming around neck and armholes. armholes trimmed with lace to match; lace trimmed Lies Cur bav:is , Towels . \ • tion and fine tucks. - - . at bottom: hemstitched hem; dust ruffle.
-o r - 2 *tv\e* -onnrl tniuiin- rnniiH vr,t-p of cambric ruffle on bottom. Art Goods White Dlrtrterware PP^ Fine cambric: extra wide; handsomely oRc Fine muslin; deep umbrella flounce of
4 8c LJ emW^de^ neat^ucked lawn ru°- $1 18 Fme cambric; round yoke trimmed with fJEvv'frbidprles And sit o l i like ' ** C ' "^•trimmed; umbrella ruffle of Point dc 7 . .-.. - lawn trimmed with rows of Torchon
fl.onn.ckaudarmholcr' 1^ 11 '""''^^ 1 ""' toiitzy rO^^A^iS^"*' """^ There ar, such savings in P " is Ia "' «« '^tT^g SStiallrfl^^^'^^^^ „ ' ',
& .Fine soft finish mnslin; low round yoke.. jf^Z! IjS $.48, »JTS? b'eautifuHy (rim- that only , he wastelu! can afford-to neglect. | (,8c — &*£;&.¦*£^ m brcSerS !aS J$^S— •'SfcS&^SS !STl?
trimmed with ruffle of new embroidery. : » med. , . _ . _____ £ aU one-third less than regular prices. .. • ' .: sertions of embroidery above— extra dust ruffle.