Continued on Page Two t
•May'Build Pipe Line/: "f "¦;'. ¦•jt
No one connected with': the ¦'•Associated;
Oil' Company' had any statement; to , make'
yesterday; concerning, the Immediate : 'plains';
of the cornblne. : The articles of iricofpoVaV"
tlon embrace; a wide: range •¦ of;* purposes i
"which "are $ authorized. . The, most ; striking^
of I these is: the construction of a; pipe! line'
if It Is* deemed advisable'from Bakersfleld,"
in the heart of , the Kern^ River ¦district,'! to]
gome point on tide water tobe^desigriated.'
Several . months r ago exclusive* informa
tion of the. plans of the /Associated Oil'
Company -was givenby -The Call in con
nection with- the announcement of the in
corporatiori. r Since then : the: promoters of i
the great ; enterprise have' been' busily j en-j
gaged in presenting, the plans to the large'
oil ' companies. Stockholders -have been
calledjipon to vote on the general proppsl-i
,tion and success has been almost. unintef- :
rupted.' Time ' has been -necessary :to < al
low: the .stockholders' to take final 'action.;
Among ; the ¦ larger : companies ; that \ have'
been absorbed by the' Associated Oil' Com
pany are the' San ;'Joaquln; Oil Company,"
Canfleld Oil' Company,' Kern' Oil Company,!
Green &; Whittler ' arid Reed' Crude Oil
Company.- .' These have great' records 'as*
producers. -. • . : . ; ¦ . -^ ¦"' '. ¦'. ¦'[
prominently, connected , with, the oil busi
ness of ] California. . C. y A. | Canfleld -.is • the
president^ "W. 1 S.' Porter ! the . general man
ager and J.O. Chahsloir, : BurtoniE.' Green
and Frank H. ; Buck ¦' are '.-' the executive
board.* These are all' leading names in 'the
oil Industry, of California, . ... ./,'.'
The first 'meeting of the board -of direc
tors of the .Associated Oil Company j for
the new year was held jn the: Mills build
ing yesterday afternoon. As soon as the
quarters are ready the company will, re
move to the Hay ward building on the cor
ner' of California arid Montgomery streets.
Permanent ¦offices have already .been en-'
gaged and they 'will take up the greater,
part of -the ".top floor in . the: structure
named/: As- will; be seen,; the, millions of
barrels, of (oil 'that' are" contracted for and
which ,will be delivered by the Associated
Oil Company;, constitute a large present
volume, of business. ; . That 'this _will/ be
Very largely Increased In the near future
.there is every ' reason to suppose. -New
uses are constantly, 'being found' : for
petroleum, -new . markets \ ¦will , be devel
oped' for it, new refineries will create {"a 5
demand; and the future seems very bright
to oil men who a few weeks ago : faced
depression '."and- disorganization' that
seemed ; to ': be irremediable. > ¦ : '
- ; The officers of the Associated 'Oil . Com
pany, < who will direct Its energies/ are all
¦The fate of Invested' millions- of dollars
and the future "of an industry : that has
the promise in :it of /equaling the , gold
output of the State are, largely .'at stake.
This is understood and is conceded to ; be
the I fa^t in; business and- financial' circles
from one end of California to the other.
Engage Fine Offices.
.holders "of producing . California ', oil com
panies, - the Associated 3 Oil : Company's
progress is attended with great > interest.
: Since the incorporation of , one ' huge ; oil
company, of t which the 1 • Associated Oil
"company is . the realization, was originally
proposed,' , the i producers; of • Los "Angeles
have* tried *an experiment^ based; upon "the
continuance of: the* individual's existence O f
the ' oil companies : and ' handing 'over the
Experience J Points Way/
¦Power is conferred by the articles of in
corporation;to purchase oil wells; to con
struct; and, maintain', telephone .:" lines; ; to'
buy and sell water; " to ": "make .tubular and
other, forms of steel, Iron 'and wooden
ware ; to erect ' power-houses and \ to • f ur
.nish power ; ; to* patent rights; to secret pro
cessesrfor.thereflning of crude petroleum
or other manipulations of .'oil 5 and its
products; to Issue stocks and bonds; prac-
. do:' anything that might "fall
Nvithin the province of an.; oil ; company
with, the exception of -the .buIldlngVand
operating of -railroads., Drilling for oil
and ' for. all sorts l of '< materials
connected; with ;the; oil industry, • such : as
bitumeni r natural gas | and . asphaltum, { are
among -.the - important -purposes' enume
rated in ittie articles. ; ; *' ; ' . . ,
The cost would be. several millions of dol
lars, but would' t insure the producers • of
a : way tcT get their /oil • economically to
market independently. .1 Tanks ! are to be
erected; as they j; are", needed, .of sufficient
capacity : to ; care for, all , ; the oil that is
handledi and these must necessarily hold
hundreds of thousands of, barrels. of oil in
the Craft "for deep and "coast
use may be constructed/ ', ¦
According to W. S. Porter, who; is" the'
general manager of the Associated Oil
Company, the present capacity of the
companies that have been merged in. the
Associated Oil Company is 4,000,000 barrels
per annum. These few general-state
ments indicate the importance and: jnag
,nitude of the new business enterprise^
which opens its real transactions with' the
new ;. year. Having been formed [ toj bring
about more stable and satisfactory-' con
ditions among the oil , producers jj of Call"
fornia and to insure profits to the stock-
year •with an event of greaUslg
nificance in relation to the material - in
terests of this State. No move of equal
importance has ever been made in Cali
fornia with so little of show. The an
nouncement of actual operations will be a
surprise to many oil men who are" not yet
in the company. Many of the largest oil
producing companies in California have
now definitely disappeared in their indi
vidual capacity, having been taken over,
lands, wells and property of all kinds, ; by
the new organization, and with this trans
fer go contracts for the delivery of 3,000,
000 barrels per annum" for a Jong term.
Fully 50 per cent of the productive oil
territory north of Tehachapi is represent
ed at this time. A large additional per
centage will come in when the questions
concerning titles are determined finally.
Stockholders in " many companies* have
authorized the sale of their properties, to
the Associated OH Company in addition
to those already merged and taken over.
f ¦ JIE great . corporation known as
I the., Associated .Oil Company,'
I with capital stock of $40,000,000,'
I actually began' business 'in this
JJ_ city yesterday, . inaugurating the
marketing of , the output. to a committee
of an association ,which was formed. The
device proved ineffective when it was put
to the test of ~ experience. ' The purpose
of the' Los Angeles experiment was to
raise. the price; of oil In the home market
only temporarily. .One ' sort of obstacle
after another was encountered and the
association went to pieces . after .acrimo
nious meetings of which the principal net
outcome was an agreement to finally dis
agree" and to . market Individually : as be
fore. ' .The Los Angeles surplus of oil has
consequently accumulated, prices have
fallen again and. there has been general
demoralization in the south, paralleling
in^ all ; essential particulars the conditions
that have existed in the oil fields north
of Tehachapi for, a period of many
months. ,
'Very likely, it was .well that the Los
Angeles experiment should' be tried at
that particular time: One favorable effect
upon'. the fortunes of the oil producers of
the, State 'has been the, conviction of large
"producers that the -properties"': must be
handled ¦ as one to secure absolute unity
of "action and have, only one coherent
body to ;deal with. , In ..the opinion of , the
officers, of the Associated Oil Company, as
they.. were' expressed, yesterday, : :the price
of , oil. must be made permanently better
by the ' , actual , operation of the agencies
which are now made possible in; the field
and in' the market. - t
• .' The , only competitor, iiv the fuel market
"with : oil '-is coal and the newer ,' fuel has
largely' displaced coal. In i Los .Angeles
"all power-plants ""are: operated '. ¦with- oil
fuel. In "this -city there are 'more -than
Continued on Page Two*
Contracts Cover
: a Very Large
Demand.
¦ •¦•';-• ;¦¦'.:. ' ; :. ¦" - ¦ ¦ '¦ '¦'-] ' \ ¦ •' , ' .' ; - : -h --¦% '
i HE Associated Oil Company, which is the largest ' organization of oil 'producers' in the
"J[ ~' : world,', owes its 'origin to. conditions ¦'; that* suggested;, combined] actidii'as i the only 'means of a
betterment. Its success means that there' will be ¦ better,, prices] for ' oil /.that consumers zvill be
' assured of always having an adequate supply to meet' their demands;, and: insures stability' and V-.uni-,
form methods in the development, of one oftlfcgrcdlcst industries ,of California.'' While' 'there are
- some large companies that : have not -yet ¦ joined ,the^^
livercd, under contract and consequently jvili?, not disturb 7 the^market. Under the articles] of jncor
poratfon the Associated Oil Company's activities may take. a very ivide range, and result in the estab
lishment of a pipe line and other utilities -for -'the good' of: oil 'producers. ' ' v* iVr'V
- - ¦ .'„,••-_•
The Season of • Ac
tive Operations x
Huge Industry' Is
Given a New
Cnarlce.
•.Companies Having
• Rich Wells
WHAT ORGANIZATION MEANS.
| OFFICIALS OF THE ASSOCIATED OIL COMPANY WHICH HAS PREPARED TO ASSERT ITSELF^
"We think that we have bought a splen
did piece of property and we shall spend
vast sums to improve, the road. We
shall use electricity as our motive power.
We shall run trains anfl ferry-boats more
often and do everything and try and In
duce people to come and reside perma
nently in Marin County. We think we
can induce many people to live over in
Marln County in the winter as well as
the summer if we give them the right
"A number of capitalists, most of them
directors in the Bay Counties Power Com
pany, purchased the North Pacific Coast
road this afternoon. We bought 15,000
shares, but our purchase price is not for
publication. We have been negotiating
for some time and it was not until this
afternoon that the deal was completed.
Price Is Not Given.
John Martin, a member of the syndicate.
In an interview last evening said:
"We propose to take immediate steps
to place the remaining part of the rail
road from San Anselmo to Cazadero in
first class operative condition and do all
things necessary to make travel on this
part of the road not only desirable but a
pleasure. We will use our best endeavors
to look after the comfort and conven
iences of our patrons."
"When this Installation is complete cur
rent will be furnished from the Colgate
power-house of the Bay Counties Power
Company.
provements contemplated will consist of
changing the roadbed to standard gauge
from Sausalito to San Anselmo, double
track throughout; from Mill Valley Junc
tion to Mill Valley and from San Anselmo
to San Rafael. This property we propose
to electrify and install first class equip
ment for the greater conveniences and
comfort of the passengers.
a\ e propose to form a new corpora
tion, the purposes being to Improve the
present property and make such exten
sions and betterments as in our judgment
may be most desirable for the best in
terests of the property in the district
which it serves. The immediate im-
Electricity the Power.
"A syndicate composed of Messrs. R.
R. Coigate, R. M. Hotalir.g, William M.
Pierson, C. A. Grow, E. J. de Sabla Jr.
and John Martin has purchased all the
capital stock of the Xorth Pacific Coast
Railroad and will enter into possession
next Monday.
At the conclusion of the deal yesterday
the officers of the syndicate gave out the
following- announcement to the press:
The ferry-boats that run between San
Francisco and Sausaiito will all be over
hauled. Their time-tables will be changed
bo that the ferry-bcats will be dispatched
to suit the convenience * of the general
public instead of the general public hav
ing ta adapt themselves to the inconve
nient time-table that is now in vogue and
¦which is changed in the summer months
to one nearly as bad.
With this gigantic deal consummated,
Marln County will start In on a new era
of prosperity. The syndicate will improve
the property by making the roadbed
standard gauge from Sausalito to San
Anselmo, double track throughout; from
Mill Valley Junction to Mill Valley - and
from San Anselmo to San Rafael. Elec
tricity will be the motive power, and the
screechy old engines and broken-down
trains will be replaced by smooth-running
electric cars.
"Will Modernize Beads.
James B. Stetson will resign as presi
dent of the road and George H. Falrchild,
the well-known railroad man, will step in
as general manager. Mr. Fairchild was
et one time an engineer in the employ of
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company, 'and
he was many years the engineer of the
Market-street Railway. In the latter po
sition he made -such a splendid record
that he was offered the important post of
manager of the new electric road that is
now being operated between Kevada City
and Grass Valley. He has resigned his
last position to take up his new duties
with the North Pacific Coast Railroad.
The deal was closed late- yesterday aft
ernoon. There have been many meetings
recently, and consultations in regard to
price, bnt the whole matter was brought
t© a conclusion by the syndicate, which
is composed of the majority of the board
of directors of the Bay Counties Power
Company. They purchased 15,000 shares
of the North Pacific Coast Railroad. This
is the ?Titlrc capital of tha'road.
•was consummated yesterday afternoon,
the entire stock was purchased and on
Monday the syndicate •will take posses
sion of Its newly acquired property.
•was negotiating for the purchase of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad. The deal
Lest August The Call announced that
a syndicate, composed of local capitalists.
Probable Appointees.
; The new Mayor is sure to have a warm
time over the distribution of the spoils of
victory. There are forty applicants for
every, place at his disposal. He is bound
to make thirty-nine political enemies
every time that he signs a commission.
He has been considering the . advisability
of appointing a full set of Commissioners
for every board and giving the appointees
a chance. to go into court and make legal
battle for possession of the goods. On re
flection he decided to test his power to
displace . existing Commissioners by ap
pointing a brand-new Board of Education.
It was reasoned that Mayor Phelan was
particularly unfortunate in his selection
of Educational Commissioners and that
the public would regard . nearly any
change in the board as a change for the
better. It was considered further that the
members of the board by their own con
duct in office had Intensified the public
displeasure which was provoked when
Mayor Phelan commissioned them to look
after common school affairs. The Mayor
elect is sure that the public would com
mend him for making a clean sweep of
this board, hence it would not be surpris
ing If the test of bis power should be
made In this direction.
There Is no question as to the new
Mayor's right to name eight Commission
ers \ and political gossip is to the 'effect
that he will appoint as follows:'
Fire Commissioner — Thomas Boyle.
Board of Works Commissioner — No selection.
- Polica Commissioner 1 — A. * Gruenberg.
Election Commissioner — A. Bouvler.
Park Commissioner — John Stanton.
Civil Service Commissioner— No selection.
¦ School Director — A. Roncovterl.
For the place that will become vacant
on the Board of Health- no one, it is said,
has been decided upon, although Dr. John
F. Dillon, late candidate for Coroner, can
have it if he desires.
It is common gossip at the City Hall
that ' Mr. Keane - of A. Ruef's law office
will succeed Charles Fay as Mayor's sec-
Supervisors' Committees.
The burden of appointing the standing
committees of the Board of Supervisors
will not be imposed on the new Mayor.
The Supervisors themselves have grace
fully resolved -to lighten his work in this
particular line. To-night they will hold a
final conference and exchange views. The
chairmanships will be allotted as follows:
Street Committee — Peter J. Curtis.
Police — Dr. Charles Boston.
Finance— H. TJ. Brandenstein.
Judiciary—A. Comte Jr.
' Public fBuildlngrs— George R. Sanderson.
Hospital — Dr. A. A: D'Ancona.
. Charter Amendments — Henry Payot.
Public Utilities'— Samuel Braunhart.
Artificial Lights— Horace Wilson.
¦ Fire— p. J- Dwyer.
Printing fifid Salaries — James P. Booth.
Water Rates— Johjt Connor.
i on Pagv Four, -/-"
ment, but a simple precaution against fu
ture'complications....... "-.'-.:.„ .-...- ....--....¦
**^ The Incoming Mayor had made hl|" cal
culations to step in oh Monday, January
6,. at high,, noon. It may please him to
signify ' noon 'of Wednesday, January S,
as an acceptable time. If Mr. Schmitz
were a Democrat of the Jacksonian school
he would , rejoice at the opportunity of
taking office on January 8, as that day is
the anniversary "of General Jackson'3
great victory over the British at New
Orleans. The old Democratic campaign
refrain was:
"Where was Andrew Jackson then?
He was up to his neck in mud and blood.
Fighting the battles of his countrymen.
Notwithstanding the opinion of the City
and County Attorney, the offlcers^elect of
the Union Labor party, headed by Mayor
Schmitz, will demand their offices on
Monday. Under decisions of the Supreme
Court this seems to be the only safe plan
for them to pursue, as that court has hehl
in a number of cases that where an offi
cial falls to demand his office at the time
at which he rightfully believes it to be
due, then he forfeits his claim to it. It
is • not the desire for two extra days of
office that is actuating them In this move-
• The City Attorney decides that- the offi
cers chosen at the last municipal elec
tion will not go into office until the be
ginning' of January 8. In other words, the
present officers who were inducted into
office January 8, 1900, were elected to
serve two years and that their term of
service will not expire until the last hour
of January 7, 1902. Coming down to a
fine point, Mayor-elect Eugene E. Schmitz
is not entitled to succeed Mayor Phelaa
until 12:01 a. m. .Wednesday, January S.
It is presumed that the Incoming Mayor
will cheerfully await the dawn before dis
turbing Mayor Phelan, but the latter
nay find it more convenient to surrender
the works shortly after midnight than to
rise early after dawn.
- • - _ ¦ _ ¦_ _
Aims to Increase Population Along
Lines and Please Those Who
Beside Permanently Across
the Bay.
Mayor Phelan May Appoint Thomas
Jennings to Pill Vacancy — Su
pervisors Agree on Stand
ing Committees.
Will Change Road to Stand
ard Gauge and Modernize
Ferry-Boats.
Local Syndicate Closes
Big Deal and Plans
for Future.
City Attorney Decides
; That New- Officers Go
in January 8.
Walter Martin Resigns Prom
the Board ; of Park
Commissioners.
NEW OWNERS
IN CONTROL OF
NORTH PACIFIC
MUST WAIT
UNTIL NEXT
WEDNESDAY
FORTY-MILLION-DOLLAR OIL COMBINATION BEGINS BATTLE
ON BEHALF OF PRODUCERS TO BETTER EXISTING CONDITIONS
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.-NO 34.
SAN FB ANCISGOg FRIDAY^ JAE XJAR Y^|3, \ 1 902.It is announced that at the first meet-
Ing of the new corporation John Martin
will be elected to the. office of president.
. '.'We shall give specla> attention to the
ferry-boat service. The Tamalpals is at
present being overhauled. When this
boat Is in good order we will fix up. the
Sausalito and we, shall also build one or
two more good, substantial boats to give
good ferry-boat , service." • • ¦
•Next- Monday- the -papers of . incorpora
tion, will be filed In this city. Director
Martin says. that the name of the new
company has not yet been decided upon,
buf that three names are " under consid
eration. ¦ ¦ ; _ ¦. -. ,
. With the deal that was closed yester*
day other' Improvements ;wlir be made.
The power- that will be used for the cars
will also be furnished to the residents I of
Marin County. • -Electricity will be given
at a low 'figure to all those who wish it
from Sausalito all the way to' San Rafael
and' Mill Valley. ¦' Old and tumble-down
depots,' such as are at presnt In use at
Kents station, Mill Valley ¦ Junction and
San Anselmo, will' be supplanted by com
fortable and commodious waiting rooms
and depots. The ferry-boats will also be
improved. Regarding ' the ferry-boats a
member of the syndicate said:'
'"This road has paid dividends from the
day It opened last October. We feel con
fident ot making a - success ¦ of the . prop
erty we purchased this afternoon." . ;
kind of attention. We will give them the
best service possible and ' in that way
build up a splendid paying corporation.
"Take, for instance, Ross Valley. Can
you find a more beautiful spot than this
place to-day? Nice people would like to
ouy or biu.d a home over there and live
there the whole year round, but have not
done so owing to the poor transportation
service. Our syndicate owns an : electric
system that is operating -between Grass
Valley and Nevada City.
Road Pays Dividends. *
Fire Destroys San Jose Store.
SAN JOSE, "Jan. 2.—A small: wareroom
and etore belonging"ta*the Peerless Oil
Company on South First Etreet was de
stroyed by,fire this'Iprenoon by ihe ex
plosion of a gasoline stove. The loss Is
tbout covered by insurance.'
t We are selling ; agents .for'the; "Water- 1
man . Ideal . Fountain V Pens','— $2 50 ; to V $10
each, and sole agents for the ."Marshall,"i
the" best- SI Fountain- Pen "in T the' -world.-
Sanborn, [ Vail & Co., 741 Market st. ? "
The Best Fountain \Pensi
'GLASGOW,' Jan. 2.— The British;Admir
alty has invited the Clyde shipyards to
enter bids for the construction of two
battleships; each of 16,500 tons, five armor
ed first-class cruisers and two protected
cruisers. The officials ask for prompt conr
tract.. Work on' twenty now '* in'
course of construction may be expedited.'
The new. battleships will have greater gun'
power than any .vessels; now. in; the navy."
England to Build Two Battleships.
one hundred large power plants, Including
the street-railways - and
works, that, have Bubstitutjed oil fuel fo^
coal. Estimates have been carefully made
of the- relative cost' of production of coal
and of California petroleum and the ad
vantage Is largely with oil. Cheapness In
securing and convenience and economy of
handling being with oil. as compared with
coal, the demand, for oil is certain to-in
crease. ' :. :•_ *
The combination of[ so many. Veils and
•bo large a teritory In the holdings of th»
Associated Oil Company effectually solves
the question of furnishing any ; stipulated
large amounts of oil that might be called
for in contracts and. also? insures the"ca
pacity of the to fill all demands
for. supplies that may be made. The com
panies in the combine occupy choice *crri
tory.r the -productive capacity of -which
unquestionably largely'surpasses the pres
ent output. " - . ¦ . •
t- -
Special Dispatch. to The CalL
• Special • Dispatch to -The Call. -'• • -
. , - *' • : . .. . . . ¦¦.--¦ ¦. ¦ .
- REDDING, Jan. 2.—A grizzled: man, of
kindly face and.cultured.conversation has
come to Reddlingito spend ;i New> Year's
week from'the. John < Luke's -ranch, seven
miles from town.-.where he has secured-a 1
Job.for. the winter chopping wood"kt $la
day. \ • ¦-•-: -¦¦•"..--* -^ ¦' ¦
• The:man Is;Ira:;Weathbrbee, and he:is
noted In California history not as a'.wood-
chopper rbut:as. the discoverer of oneof
-the largest 'gold> nuggets ever found-in
iCalifornia. -It netted;him $10,640. ; Weath-
.erbee j is; now; an;; old' man^who; lives^by
the-'steady stroko'of hIsax..ButhVhas
.Magalia, Butte ¦ County, ' known as..the
;Weatherbee,^Willard. Polke •, & Swinney
¦ £nn er,« ml ne- .was .beforeVthe -corn^
.mon usage; of' hydraulic giants andrhe
pipe man/:; Suddenly- the :latter^ darted
forward.wUh'acrowba^and.prledout^a ¦
'SL$-°w" r °*?. kx ?T hIchr th * e wai er had. ex;
ft e ThI^i?a^i e i rb Se^ ent! *X d' eJau21^ e, d
L t# * TheiJ;he. climbed upon' it,' waved his
' SS,^i. a S^,?el^:;:: Th« n"g?,et: ot:" *old
.weighed ;flfty-fpur- and a half; pounds.v It
¦ ?nt °, * ba/ Ot sold weighing
forty-nine .pounds and: some ounces* and
at \ l «?n ga 7 e -Weatherbee
just,510,640,for,his, find..; On the same day,
!ii l» e «;«M*;'"' ni f gBit ** waB ' found ' $5000; was
cleaned *up in; dust.-N:, r • ., •;•;•¦-<
- The, mine produced for.years. Weather-
bee; located 2 in . Chico: and ¦ spent i twenty;'
one-years;in,the:botel busIness.^Hls ¦ ho-
tel..was -burned and he-lost-$40,000. Then
• he i built, a_; larger ; hotel. ;* This -also 'was
;burned ani. his loss.;was $65,000.-The re-
mainder: of c his; money, soon i went • np; In
other.; kinds, of- smoke. ; Weatherbee was
noted-for his generosity .and; no ;frien6Vof
. his^ever suffered, j Ira Weatherbee and his
partner, Jack Drennan, f oundmothing fur-;
;theri for .them J in 1 Butte, County, and have
• been glad,to flnd-'steady,employment on a
Shasta wood;ranch. , , .
¦. ——— ¦ . .
VANCOUVER. B.C, Jan. 2.—Sheriff T.
J.vArmstrong,of New : Westminster and
George Bryrnher, manager of the Bank of
Montreal of .the'same city, left this morn
ing -hurriedly for Seattle, ¦ armed with
warrants and property attachments to
serve upon.two prominent merchants who
twdTyTag^ 61111' departed from nere
. The men being' pursued are H.L' Kelth
ley, manager "of the'Burrard -Inlet Meat
Company in Vancouver; and his •brother
in-law, Robert Lebary, who held a similar
1;^ d^
£y the^company ai-e Closed i£dhE.b£ 1U f
tion is mad? of th«» hnnir«. ot,^ i HB r
"«'thef two allegedI absconding ™^ C a °UntS
Th^oSd^t^ihm^i% g BtSah^'-
--."Until ¦¦ the books are audit^ ¦«? «?m\
SSSt^^K
¦Montreal^in Kevr Westnilnster ha?«^2
mSto "o^ thl^iSeb °dS w wcu^d S
notes i 'nursed • by friends of the mfssiS
men.'; .The::bank;claims .th^at it^funy
protected/but the'effort'by theT mana^r
to - find < the. two • men is, for the nurlotl
of insuring- a partial return of money to
the friends of the men who?wen™o£ their
paper." ' .. • ° . ineir
-;.This: morning writs of attachment'' were
obtained .from Chief ¦ Justice McCall^and
the'entire property of j the Burrard inlet
Company*is in .the hands : of "the sheriff
The residences of both managers a?!^
eluded. - Brymner and - AnSs trone elnect
edita find.the men in'Seattle this Tevenfng
for they are said tohave intended to ?f
main- there; on' their: way 'to, San Fran
cisco.iwhere they^would sall'next Week
-for "Australia.;.- • - - - ". ext weeK
~< Lebary. was known! as a. good I business
man and'.always: seemed to-be" of careful
habits.r KeitHley; however, 1 Is said to have
spent I much ?. of ?his {time in speculating
Both imen^are:supposed to have •¦ had' con
sldefable = money when]they left the- city'
for. 1 the south.' ,%"."*
- TACOMA, Wash., Jan.v2.— "Happy . new
year, ¦ gentlemen. Please yhold up your
hands and eayi no thing." . ;..; ' .-:
. With these: words, on their .lips and re
volvers held high In . their hands, two
masked men entered ¦ Pelton's! saloon at
Easton Wednesday night and ordered ; the
bartender, ' Corwln, and ten other . men ' to
be prepared to be relieved; of their valu-
The' eleven had' no sooner .got their
hands' In the air than they were lined up
in a row with their faces toward the walL ;
One- robber covered .them with a gun,
¦while • his companion' went- through their
pockets and .the till. He secured, about
$400 and seven watches. : . ; - -- . .
-The taller robber- was relieving., the last
man. of his cash '. when an engineer ; and
fireman came- in. They were instantly
covered and ordered to line up, making a
row. of thirteen men ' holding • twenty-six
hands • in the air. ; These two contributed
$100 and- two more watches. "'.¦ ••--.¦•; •
•• Without waiting 1 for any more intruders
the robbers helped i themselves • to whisky,
drank : to , the ' health of their: victims a^id
walked, out. They.. are believed to have
.escaped on horses.; Deputy sheriffs are
pursuing. ~~.- • v ¦ . - .'.¦.-
' •"' Special -Dispatch .to The CalL •
British , Colu m"bia Men
Are Alleged to Be
, Absconders.
Famous Nugget piscov
erer Works for a Dol
: ; '. lai^a Day.
_¦...-... ¦— — • • ¦ y .-,;
Courteous Robbers Hold
: Up thirteen Men in
' a ; Saloon. .
SHERIFF CHASES
TWO MERCHANTS
ONCE WEALTHY;
NOW A CHOPPER
HTJNTEB, THINKS FBIE3STD .',
- '•;• - A DEER AND KILLS HIM
Sad Accident Occurs in Yuba. County
Resulting in Wheatland Man's
-Beatt. 3-f-i'ls?
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 2!— Samuel Enochs,
who was accidentally shot, while hunting
deer in the foothills nine miles east of
Wheatland, in Yuba County, on. New
Year's day, died at his. home at that
place this morning. Details of the acci
dent show it to have been another case of
a hunter mistaking a friend for the
hunted - animal.
Enochs was one -of a party that went
deer hunting Wednesday morning. Jeff
Thomas started up a deer and was fol
lowing it He saw. something moving in
the brush in front of him, and, thinking
it was the deer, raised his rifle and flred.
The ball struck Enochs In the left thigh.
An operation was performed as soon as
possible, but the wounded man was too
weak from loss of blood jto survive the
shock. He leaves a wife and two grown
daughters. On New Year's day, Just a
year ago, Enoch's brother was killed at
Tulare. ;
Horses and Cattle Perish.
SALINAS, Jan. 2. — News ' has been re
ceived of a fire about midnight last night
which destroyed the barn of'Y. Malarin,
near Chualar. The barn contained 'about
150 tons of hay,: eleven head of horses
several head of cattle and farming uten
sils. Nothing was saved. The loss is es
timated at. ?3000. The -owner resides in
San Francisco.
FOBTY- MILLION D DLL AH Dl U
Continued From Page One. '
DRINK HEALTH
OF THE VICTIMS
the Lookout lynching case, was
put on the stand and again refused. He
was committed to jail for twenty-five
days. .": '. . \ .• '"¦': i
The examination of Laf e Harris was re
sumed after the disposal of Colburn. At :
torney Raker for the defense asked the
witness a question and was told by Boyd
of the prosecution that it was. none of his
business. Boyd was then asked by Raker
if he considered that a proper objection.
This resulted in a brief row, and then the
witness testified that the first thing he did
when he came to Alturas was to go and
see Assistant Attorney- General Post, at
torney for the people.
ALTURAS, r Jan.; 2.— In- the Superior
Court this morning A. L: Colburn,-,
the refractory witness, who has
continually - refused to testify in
>> Harris told of two conversations which
took place in Trowbridge Hall and Levan
toh's blacksmith shop between ' Brown,
Robert . Levanton - and Dick Nichols. It
was in one of these that he heard one of
the men say the Halls and Dan Tantis
would be hanged the first clear night. .
. Colburn has been detained in the County
Jail as a witness in this case for the past
six, months, on an. affidavit of District At
torney Bonner arid Superior . Judge Har
rington. He • testified before ¦. the Grand
Jury that the day before the lynching
Deputy Constable Brown, the defendant
now on trial, told him to keep trying to
get a search warrant to search the prem
ises, of Dan , Yantls, but not to get it, • as
Yantis and the Halls would be put out of
the. way. in a. few days. .. He also testified
that he -repeated < this at the supper table
at \ -Brown's -. ranch,: . and. -that- Claude
Brown,. a half-brother of the defendant,
Corridor.
. SAX JOSE, Jan. 2.— There was a sensa
tional bit of gun play in the postofflce
corridor shortly before neon to-day. The
personnel of the drama were a tall
woman, with a revolver and. a determined
gaze, and a lar§;e man, who soon started
on a rapid gait in the opposite direction
irom the woman with the gun.
The woman was Mrs. Irene Frost and
the man her husband, Erwin Frost, a
private detective. Trouble has been brew
ing for many years. in the Frost house
hold. Two months ago. Mrs. Frost filed
her second suit for divorce. A few days
ago the husband forced entrance to her
room, for which : offense he is under ar
rest and' the examination is pending.
Mrs. Frost gives as an explanation for
the gun play that she went to the office
for her mail. Procuring it she was pass
ing.from the. office. when Frost attempted
to snatch it from her and she used this
means of defending- . herself. The people
in the ofiice fled almost as swiftly as the
cetective. . .JTrost was once Deputy Sher
iff and twice ran for Sheriff.
WOMAN WITH PISTOL
BETAXNTS ALL : HER MAIL
Wife of San Jose Detective. Draws a
Weapon in the Postoffice
Continued From Page One.
. took Mm aside after supper and told him
to keep his mouth shut ; that what De
fendant Jim Brown had told him was true
• and that he should keep quiet about it,
especially before women.- - -
It was on this testimony that Brown
. was indicted by the Grand Jury. Two
/ writs of habeas corpus in the.Modoc Su
perior Court an<l two writs in the Su
- preme Court, asking for his release, have
been denied. He now claims that his tes
timony given before the Grand Jury was
:• given under threats 6f indictment against
himself, mixed with offers of a reward
1 from.Dours, a detective, employed during
: the June session of the Grand Jury; by
Governor Gage. ;
*'. In the first part of June, on application
for a wrii. of habeas corpus, the witness
swore to a petition in the Superior Court,
In which he charged Superior Judge Har
rington and" -District Attorney Bonner
with having offered • him : money -for his
testimony. On presentation of this peti
tion by Attorneys Raker and Harris Su
perior Judge Harrington ' imposed - a - fine
on the attorneys of 550 each, -with the al
ternative . of five day3 in jail, for the
charge in the petition. Harris went to' jail
and Raker left for San Francisco the day
after to present the matter to the Su
preme Court and secure a writ ofprohi
tlon. - The Supreme Court issued a, com
mission to take the testimony and Col
burn testified that his charge against
Bonner was unintentional, but that Har
rington had offered him $5 a day for his
testimony. if he would remain in Alturas.
It is probable . that Colburn will continue
to refuse -to testify In this case. ¦
Sensational testimony is expected soon
from Mrs.. Lilly Summers, who i3. report
ed, to have informed the Grand Jury that
she followed the mob out of curiosity last
May. and saw the lynching.
• PROMINENT FIGURES IN THE
LOOKOUT LYNCHING CASE ON
TRIAL AT ALTURAS.
These competitive examinations are to be
conducted by a paid examination board of
three or five competent persons not Identified
¦with the school department and never serving
In succession; selected, two by the Superin
tendent, two by the Board of Education, and
these to select a fifth; applicants to be known
to the examiner by number, and all papers
written by applicants to become public docu
ments and subject to review for at least three
months. Lists of all applicants arranged - in
the order of their rank, who attained the re
quired minimum, are to be furnished the
Board of Education, from which teachers may
be selected in the order of their , standin-
These examinations should be held at lealt
annually and new lists thus prepared. •"""•
The foregoing plan I submit excludes con
eideration of any financial, political, social or
friendly influence that an applicant may pos
sess. It will bar politics from the operation
of our schools in their educational functions
end thus remove an objectionable influence
from teachers, pupils and educational adminis
tration. ¦
It will relieve school officials of the Im
portunities of applicants and their friends and
<-nabl« them to devote much -more time to their
duties; for it is safe to assert that nearly one
third of the time of a school official who haj<
patronage to distribute is consumed i n en'er
tainlng requests for place. Not only will this
time be 6»ved to the school official " but his
mind, undisturbed by consideration of appii
cations for place, can be devoted with its un
impaired strength to the task of studying
school conditions and problems. ' -
We rourt «Jo one thins or the other in regard
to the teaching service of the public schools
We may let politicians of high and low decree'
neighbors and friends, push people, good bad
or Indifferent, Into - teachers' positions •'• and
Tilth this result; that there- will be no progress
In scholarship or general culture. ¦ nor anv
growth In character, disciplinary power or
teaching ability. . Or we may guard admissions
making the standard high and eliminate any
considerations of "Influence"; train beginners
promote on the baEis of merit; dismiss those
who fail in the test for capacity; destroy
sycophancy: encourage Independent - manhood
»nd : womanhood : Instill professional pride: ln
epire progress whose benign . influence will be
felt In the home; give enduring support to good
citizenship — better life to the commonwealth. . ¦
Appointment of Judges.
I submit, however, that the original selec
tion should be left to the judgment of no single
board or school official. . The responsibility is
too great. In a town or large city a Super
intendent's time would be completely consumed
by the reception of aprllcants and their friends,
the consideration of their credentials and by
the investigation of their -qualifications. The
Superintendent or school official does not live
who, unbiased by considerations of political,
social or other influences, can select the best
qualified persons from all those who apply.. To
declare that from all who make application a
board can select a limited number, and those
the best, is to arrogate and to assume om
niscience, an attribute which is ascribed to
the Deity alone. Again to declare that one
is not and will not be influenced by considera
tions of friendship in the selection of teachers
from those who possess a parity of qualification
is to declare oneself an ingrate.
Therefore I repeat that I would delegate the
£rave responsibility of originally selecting
teachers to the Judgment of no one school
official or to a Board of Education. The Gov
ernment of our republic inaugurated civil ser
vice reform In the selection of Its subordinate
employes. The system is being extended into
the government of our great municipalities.
Why not adopt it in the great business of se
lecting teachers In our cities and counties? I
FUggest this as a plan:
For the purpose of their employment let the
teacher* of a School Department of any city
or county be divided into three . sections.
First, the secondary or high school section:
second, the elementary or grammar and pri
mary section; third, the section of special
teachers. Ail applicants in any section must
be possessed of valid certificates entitling them
to teach in that section (it is here assumed
that the possession of a teacher's certificate
1* a gnarantee, under the law, of good char
acter), be subjected to competitive examina
tions whose scope shall be broad, embracing
the history, science and art of education and
subjects required to be taught in that section
of school to which they apply for admission
All candidates who fail to reach a minimum
percentage in any one subject or minimum
average in all are to be rejected. This will
insure good scholarship, the prime essential of
a teacher; and the epectacle of one unable to
eolve- mathematical problems, answer gram
matical, historical, geographical or scientific
ttuestions within the range of their teaching
work will be absent." •
Difficulty of Selection.
Notwithstanding the- fact that it centralizes
power, experience has resulted In making the
third method — election by the board of edu
cation on recommendation by the superintend
ent — a rule of conduct in many cities of the
United States, and it can be stated that this
method is steadily gaining favor. The main
reason assigned is that the average member of
a board of education has neither time, oppor
tunity nor ability to make such Investigations
or apply such tests as are necessary to de
termine the fitness of teachers. The superin
tendent on the other hand is, by the nature of
his office, 'and generally by his training, bet
ter qualified for this function. Again it fixes
responsibility. If the schools are not pro
gressive and thorough the blame can be imme
diately charged to a superintendent, providing
he be vested with power and unhampered in
1U exercise.
Schools erist not to please contractors and
place-hunters, but to supply instruction; to
brine into activity and to' direct in the proper
mental, moral and physical avenues the dor
mant and developing" powers or the child. The
readiness to accept almost anything that passes
under the name of instruction has done much
to retard the development of schools. Yet It
IB gratifying to note the closer discrimination
with which people are observing what is done.
\Vhen they consider the diCering values of in
struction, they come to the all-important prob
lem of the organization and supervision of the
teaching- force. Fine buildings, complete text
books and . perfectly equipped laboratories are
great aids in education, but without good
teachers they yield unsatisfactory results. Tht:
teacher is the principal factor in a successful
school. . . .
Kow should the teacher be selected and ap
pointed? Three methods are ordinarily em
ployed. First, orgins.1 selection .by a board
of education; second, election by a board, .of
education on recommended selections by its
committee appointed for that purpose; third,
election by a board of education on recommend
ed selections made by ; the superintendent of
schools. Much can be said in favor of ,aud
against each system, for each possesses its ad
vantages and disadvantages.'
Plan for a Civil Service.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 2— Work is pil
ing up to an almost alarming , extent as
the present session of the California
Teachers' Association draws to a close.
To-day was certainly the busiest as well
As. .the most important of the # convention.
All the big guns and many of the lesser
ones as well were heard during the day,
the subjects throughout being highly
technical. As a result brains to-night are
near to bursting with tne amount of in
formation they- have been called upon to
absorb since 9 o'clock this morning.
. After .the addresses by President An
drews of Nebraska University and Presi
dent Jordan of Stanford probably the
most important and certainly the most in
teresting to Calitornians was the discus
sion of the two topics— "The Selection and
Appointment of Teachers" and "The Pres
ent Duty of the State Touching the
Training of Its Kiementary and Secon
dary Teachers."
The first of these was opened by Dr.
Andrews, who spoke in general terms, ad
vocating the making ot a list of eligible
teachers by a system of competitive ex
aminations that should be absolutely fair
and honest, and after that a careful se
lection from this list of the best person
for the particular place. He also spoke
strongly in favor of placing such appoint
ive power in the hands ot one person of
undoubted qualifications, rather than in
those of a committee or" board of'educa
tion, in order to definitely fix the respon
sibility.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, who closed the
argument, -expressed himself emphatically
in favor of this method. Two well-known
San Franciscans spoke upon this subject —
City Superintendent R. H. Webster and
C. W. Mark of the San Francisco Board
of Education. Superintendent Webster
said in Dart: '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEW OWNERS' IH COHTROL.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 2.— Hopes are again
raised by the news that rain is. falling In
the north 'and" by the south wind and
overcast ; sky in ¦ • Southern California.
Should rain not come, it would prove a
great disappointment to ranchers. The
ground Is almost baked by long lack of
rain and only by constant cultivating is
it kept in a condition as favorable as pos
sible. Indications : point to rain before
night.- ;. ;I .*:^--. s -:?•'- y :V.';
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— There is no in
dlcatipn to-day that the rainstorm pass
ing over the State to the north of the
mountains will reach Southern California.
The day is warm and although. the sky
is somewhat clouded it does not premise
the much : needed rainfall. The wind ia
exceedingly light from the ¦• southwest.
The country is extremely dry, especially
in the highland districts, and a downpour
would bring relief to farmers in all sec
.tions. .; ; ..'.>.."';' ¦;"-.'.".".*" ;
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 2.— Those who
have been anxiously waiting for weeks
for a fall of rain brightened up this morn
ing as they thought their' hopes were
about to»be realized. The weather was
cloudy and the rain started • to drizzle.
The fall, however, was not sufficient to
wet the surface of the earth and although
the weather is still threatening there 13
but little hope of a continued storm.-
MILTON, Jan. 2.— One-half an Inch of
rain fell here last night. This rairi was
very timely and will be of great benefit
to ranchers and stock raisers. An unus
ually large acreage of grain has been put
in and, the prospects for this season of
the year are very flattering.
FRESNO, Jan. 2.— A. warm rain began
falling before midnight and " ceased at
dawn. The ' precipitation was .03 inch.
The' barometer has, however,' risen rap
idly and the sky is clearing. Indications
are for more rain in a few. days. . The
shower did great service in two respects,
viz.— by softening the soil for plowing and
preventing grain already sown from rot
ting in the ground. The sprinkle will also
start pasturage, which was suffering for
lack of moisture. The shower breaks the
longest winter drouth in the county rec
ords, extending over the entire month of
December. The rainfall for the season is
2.14 inches. . .
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 2.— There was a
heavy fall of rain throughout the Sacra
mento Valley, in the foothills and tha
mountains last night. There had been
several days of severe north wind in the
valley and the farmers had been com
plaining that rain was badly needed. The
precipitation of last night will do a vast
; amount "of good in the ; fields, orchards
: and vineyards, especially on th« high
; lands. In the valley the average precipi
tation was -.50 of an Inch. No rain ha3
fallen to-day, but the sky is cloudy. - ¦ • '¦
' SAN; JOSE, Jan. 2.— There were several
light showers during ' the night and the
weather still threatens rain, -.which is
much needed to start the grass and aid
the orchardist and the farmer. <•
STOCKTON, Jan. 2.— The acreage put to
grain in. San Joaquin County this season
will be extremely large. Not for years
has the weather been sd good for plowing
and seeding. There has been no interrup
tion of either, and to this is due the im
i mense acreage of grain.
I Already most of the seeding has been
completed. Although there was no press
ing need of rain, the rain of last night
will result in enormous benefit to ~ the,
grain that is already in the ground, as.
¦if will start the seed. Reports show that
it has been general over the county. Con
ditions are such that should 'there be a
reasonable precipitation the "balance of
the season San Joaquin County crops will
be enormous in all lines, especially as re
gards grain. - '? '
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— A ghastly discovery
was made by section men on the "harrow
gauge, railroad between this city and
Campbell shortly after 7 o'clock this
morning. In a smoldering pile of ashes
was found the charred remains of a hu
man body burned beyond all possible
recognition. Surrounding 1 the corpse were
the ashes of a small pile of railroad ties,
which had been left along the track. " The
fire had nearly burned Itself out when di3-s
covered and nothing but the blackened
trunk and charred head of the man re
main to tell the story.
The Coroner and Sheriff were notified
and an investigation seemed to show that
some unknown man, perhaps a tramp, had
taken this method of transit to the be
yond. A revolver, found near by, had one
cartridge indented. Frank Mendoza heard
a shot flred about 1 o'clock and earlier
saw a tramp sleeping at the spot- The fire
and gun were .doubtless the double means
for suicide.
Upon returning to their rooms Luck"
hardt found that the documents of -their
estate and other letters and papers were
gone and he redoubled the search, calling
on the detective department for assist
ance. While these papers are not nego
tiable, their loss may involve title to the
Mexican estate. Luckhardt said to-night:
"I am convinced that she was induced
t>y some one to leave home. Ruby would
not have thought of taking the papers,
but my theory is that she told some man
of her interest in the papers, and that all
of the papers were In my. room and that
he persuaded hereto take them. -
."I have , telegraphed to my sisters in
Alameda and San Francisco and received
replies stating that they have heard noth
ing of the girl. She could not travel far
without assistance, for I am quite sure
she had but 70 cents in money."
Luckhardt began an immediate search
for his sister. He traced her to a dress
making establishment, where she re
mained from 11 until 12:30 o'clock, when
she went out, telling the dressmaker that
there was an important engagement she
must keep at 1:30 o'clock. There all trace
of the girl is lost.
Last Tuesday morning Miss Luckhardt
left home, an expressman coming for her
trunk. When Luckhardt returned Tues
day evening *he found a short note ad
dressed to him, in which his sister stated
that she would no longer be a burden on
him and as she was convinced that he did
not like her she would go away and try
to find employment and make her -own
living. She told- her landlady that she
was going for a visit, of two or three
weeks with friends in this city and from
there would probably go : to San Fran
cisco, where she has a sister. Another
sister lives in Alameda: :.-.;
: The property consists of 'lands near Tia'
Juana, in Lower California. The Luck
hardts are descendants of one of Califor
nia's oldest families, -their maternal -vuncle
having been California's first Governor —
Pio Pico, a notable figure in California's
history. Their father, the , late C. •¦ A.
rLuckhardt, opened the first assay -office
in Los Angejes. * Later he went . to San
Francisco and became famous as. a min--,
ing engineer, his office and assay works 1 ;
there being still conducted in . his name
under the management of Captain Ward.
The senior Lucknardt was associated with
the famous Comstock lode mines in their
palmy days. ¦ - j
In their mother's will Ruby's brother,
V. F. R. Luckhardt. was named as exec
utor of the joint estate of brother and
sister and was made her guardian. "Until
he could place her in school or could find
a home that seemed suitable for his sister
Luckhardt gave up his work as a mining
engineer. There were . matters connected
with the property, too, that demanded his
attention, . and for nearly a ¦ year he has
been engaged in searcning records in
Mexican archives that would enable him
to place the property in condition to be
divided. . ' ' <
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2. — Ruby M.
Liickhardt, 16 years old, recently told one
of her girl friends that she was soon i to
be married to a "Count" and was going
to Paris. A. few days latfer Miss Luck
hardt disappeared and' now her brother
Is searching-, with the assistance of detec
tives, to find what "Count" has lately
been In Los Angeles and what has become
of his sister. He is trying also j to find
the deeds and other papers that prove his
one-half interest in a Mexican -property
valued at $20,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call. |>^-
Prominent Educators AdviBe
Competitive Exami
nations: :
Farmers in; Southern Part of
tae State : Are Still
Hopeful.
Authorities Believe It Is a
rv Case of-Suicide by
Mysterious"' "Count" Men
tionedby" Her to a
Young Friend.
San Francisco Teachers
Discuss the Matter at
. :; Pacific Grove. ,
Charred Body Is Found
in a~ Pile: of Smok
ing Ashes.
Los Angeles Girl Dis
appears, Taking
Documents.
Sacramento Valley •• and
Part of San Joaquin
Moistened.
Judge of the Modoc County Court Is^Obliged: : t6;::.;Serid\iHe : /Re.ca|ci-.
trant Colburn Back to His Cell for Reusing; to Tell Wh He
Knows of the Tragicv Occurrences at, "Lookout* Last May
CHILD DEPARTS
WITH PAPERS
CIVIL SERVICE
IN THE SCHOOLS
RAIN REFRESHES
THIRSTY LANDS
WITNESS HOLDS LYNCHING SECRETS
AND IS AGAIN ORDERED TO PRISON
AWFUL FATE
OF AN UNKNOWN
THE SAN FBANCISeO CALL; FRIDAY, JAN UAEY3; 1902.
2
Magic.
The ¦waj>Ealva-cea cures 'Piles.
¦¦• ADVERTISEMDEUTS.
Instead of using tea or f|5r?i§£|s1
alcoholic drinks a3 a stim- C^^^^Oji
ulant vrhen fatigued, S^^^^^ll
chilled or depressed, take ?
a quarter Jeaspoonful of
EXTRACT op Beef, put in a cup or*
glass, fill up .YritK hot water, and sip
itl .It gives real strength •vnthout
exciting the nerves. . Better than tea,
coffee or anv Irin'il of liquorv
¦'jgrn^: -.VIM, .viGOR. VITALITY ior MEN
JG&l^&i. ilORMON BISHOP'S PIL.L3
JSS 1 **!** sfe^l have been in use over nity
iBl?*S*^f*Sf^ years by the leaders of tlie
Bmffi-SiJLfysK Mormon Church and their
ESgf*W5^| followers. Positively cure the
S\iflKr«'tii'tHs3 worst cases in old and young
iHL'W V f&] arising from effects of self-
\^OTpf)3<CWy » buse - dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
: ' ***£!*«"' Power, Xisht Losses. ;.. Insom
nia, Paln3 In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, «7 Varlcoceleor Con-
stipation. Step Ner rjf J vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are i *-^ '¦ Immediate. ¦ Im-
part visor and poto CBNTS .. ncy to every func-
tion. .Don't get despondent; a cure la at hand.'
Restore ' small." undeveloped- organs. Stimulata
the. brain and nerve: centers; 60c a box; I tor
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee ' to cure or
money refunded with ff boxes. ¦ Circulars • free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Sills • at..
, Ban i Francisco. . CaL GRANT DRUG ' CO.. • S8 i
and 40 Third at. :
7 - 1 • ¦ '
j ADVERTISEMENTS. •
j HotlaVoriigffiomjgzb
. What's the use of .
; anything if you don't ,
) have what you want ? '
What's *the use of
I I • ¦¦¦¦• .¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ .
1 having buckwheat
| cakes if they are not
crisp and tender ?<<
Tell your grocer that
you want The H-O f
Co.'s Buckwheat
and insist upon it. S.
'i What's the use of !
taking what you don't
want?
COKEl COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
'813 FOLSOM STREET.
Ban Francisco Gaa . Coke for sale to famines
and to the .trade at reduced rates. .
¦ y Of people have oeerx Curea ct
RHEUMATISil by B * * ¦"">* 1
.-MICTRO]B"B Y ' ' -¦•' ¦V t K which «
. kills the- germ in the blood and 1
tissue and removes D
¦ the ¦ cause of the disease from . . H
the system. People who keep j
Radam's Microbe Killer in the I
house and take an occasional ' ' 9
glass of it are the healthiest 1
people on earth. $1 a bottle; $3 J
a Jug. Blood examination free.- a
MICROBE KILLER CO., I
1470 Market Street, S. F. j
, : ... !~i ! '- ' "" _
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF AHATOHY^
s \- J-Sr Tkc Lareest Anatomical Museum m the \
B r<A>^. Votlcl - Weaknesses or any contracted C
2. Wa jQrJ «¦**>*« »a«Ui»-ely cared hy the oldest T
© fg2jj&\ Spedalitt on the Coast £st.36yeais. - Q
A il'^^S DR - JCR2AH-DISEASES OF HEN (S
\ F®5?i)i3 Consultation free and strictly priyate. \
I ' I A?Vi B If**" 1611 * personally or by letter. A A
\ 8 W n B e °* itn * Cwr * ' a eT«T case undertaken. T.
« T ,'/ 11V w 'it=for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
f " If - \Y* MARnS.AGE, MAILED FRSE, (AY
X (J \± valuable book for men) ¦ -, »w-\
r 1>K. JOBDAS A CO.. 1031 ATarket St.S. F. V
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 188L Con-
sultation and private boolc
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed. .
731 MARKET ST.
- SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
I DB.PIERClvS
GOiDEIV
MEDICAL *
OBSCOVERY
1 . . FOR THE ; ¦ ... ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
I BLOODqiVER.LLINGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Tiis ' moat - wonderful aphrodisiac and i 3p»o!al
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both aexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha KI<1.
nejra and Bladder. Sells on Ita own merit*.
IA/. T. HESS, 1
KOTART PC3LI0 AITD ATTOaNBY-AT-LAW. 1
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua Sprockets Bide
_ --Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California at. below PowelL
. Residence Telephone, James 1301,
4
j• ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ -. ' • • " ¦.-•¦:,-:'
THREE STREET RAILWAY EMPLOYES AND A WOMAN WHO WAS A
PASSENGER ON THE CAR STRUCK BY THE RUNAWAY WHO TES
TIFIED AT THE INQUEST. • . . ' • .
. NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— William J. Jerome
took the oath of office as District Attorney of
New York to-day. • . "•¦*
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The monthly state
ment of the public j debt, issued to-day. ¦ shows
that at the cloee- of business December , 31,
1901. the national debt, less cash In the treas
ury, amounted to $1.017, C28.286, a decrease for
the month of I8.C13.1V2.
»• The Old Hump-Backs
Are not to be 'compared to '. our, new Pat
ent -, Back; flat-opening ,~ Blank ;" Books,
which cost no more! than 1 the *old style and
are infinitely better. v ; Daily Journals, : Cal
endars,^ Diaries , and -Calendar; Pads ; for
1902 at :the. right prices. Sanborn, Vail • &
Co., 741 Market * street. • .
No ; Hope for Seamans.
WASHINGTON, Jan/ 2.—Adjutant'Gen
eral! Seamans of California: is very weak
to-night. f The physicians hold out no
hope of .recovery. ... . ' ,;
SAVANNAH. Ga.', Jan. 2.— In the United
States court to-day Marlon Erwin, special
assistant 'to the Attorney General of the
United States, filed a new, bill in the case
of the Government vs. Oberlin M. Carter.
The bill seeks to ; prevent '.the , Savannah
Brewing : Company, the Savannah Light
erage and Transfer Company and . the
Propeller, Towboat Company, .in which
Carter held large blocks of stock, from
paying, the interest accruing to either the
agent or the receiver, for Captain Carter's
property. HBBHSBHSSmS
Still After. Carter's Property.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.-Admlral 4 Samp
son's i malady, ; progresses slowly but very
steadily toward the end.;. Medical science
cannot check i it. ; ,\':, Symptoms of , arterial
degeneration' have 'appeared,- such -asare
incident ; to : his malady, ; injecting , great
uncertainty: into the case. Moreover, the
patient is becoming less tractable and re
sponsive to; treatment. ;•
Admiral Sampson Is Sinking.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 2.— The re
cent arrest of two naturalized ''Americans
at Tripoli, Syria, for refusing to pay the
tax providing for ''exemption from mili
tary service, has led to sharp representa
tions on 'the part of the United .: States
Minister to- Turkey. John O." Fleishman,
to the Porte., The latter, promptly order
ed the release of the men arrested and
-instructed the authorities not to-molest
Amerjcan citizens. V
Turkey Releases the Prisoners.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. — Impressive fu
neral services were held to-day at St.
John's Episcopal Church over the l , late
Bear Admiral Francis N. Roe,. U. S.-'N.,
retired. The body bearers were eight sail
ors, the honorary pall-bearers being Rear
Admirals Grcer. Schley. Weaver, Ludlow,
Watson, Captains Sigebee and Bartlett
and Frank W. Hackett, former Assistant
Secretary of the Navy. ¦ . ,: s ¦
Funeral of Rear Admiral Roe.
Adams and Wilson say that they need
the streets to reach their property and
that they will fight to the last to prevent
the roads being fenced. Bradbury's quest
for real estate has already given him pos
session of over forty lots in the town. He
will be remembered in San ¦ Francisco as
the man who was arrested and convicted
of violating an ordinance prohibiting the
reckless spraying of streetcar floors with
tobacco juice. -.I;
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 2.— Suit; has been
filed here In the Superior Court byW. B.
Bradbury, the San Francisco millionaire,
against Jerry Adams and C. R. Wilson to
quiet title to two Corte Madera streets,
Enid avenue and The Lane.
Lawsuit to Acquire Corte
Madera Property.
San Francisco Millionaire 'Begins a.
KBADBURY DEMANDS
A COUPLE OF STREETS
, Attorney C. F. Kelly, representing the
Amalgamated Copper Company, confined
his efforts to-day to trying to secure an
order staying that of Judge ClanceyiUntil
the ' Supreme Court . can hear arguments
upon application for a" writ of superviso*-y
control. Kelly claims that the .court be
low had made-the order without due con
sideration of the showing, made by the
Amalgamated. He -urged the court to
grant the stay pending a hearing upon an
application for. a .writ of supervisory con
trol. -The court* granted the stay this
afternoon.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 2.— The Supreme
Court to-day granted the application of
the Amalgamated Copper Company for a
writ of supervisory control over an "order
made by Judge Clancey, permitting F. A.
Heinz to make an inspection of the 'Ana
conda and St. ' Lawrence mines to ascer
tain if, as he claims, the work In those
mines Is encroaching upon his ground in
the Fatrmount mine. ¦ ¦
of Proceedings to Amalgamated
Copper Company.
Montana Supreme Court Grants Stay
HEINZ MA"5T NO LONGER
INSPECT ANACONDA MINES
v Clifford fAyers, a •: schoolboy .* living on
Devlsadero -street, 1 ', was . sure - ,the> -con
ductor did; not give" the. "go ahead',' 'bells,
but', he was also ; sure ; that . the { conductor
turned ..the trolleys, as soon. "as -the car
stopped; - : before ' he had ' received ; orders
-; Miss Mary < Kelly,"' who- was Miss -Phe
lan's companion, ; and . who is still In the
hospital on account of her Injuries, • could
not throw any light on the details of the
accident. ' ¦ v •: . : "
Deutschmann, the motorman, aside
from the dramatic, element he lent the
dry/proceedings, gave very positive' tes
timony . against the f conductor. He • said
that after hearing the "go ahead" bells "
starting the car and then bringing it to
b full. stop, when he heard the conductor
shout at him, • he looked around, straight
Into the conductor's face, and that after
Phelps ' had finished his ' explanations to
the i passengers he ¦" nodded and '¦ said " "All
right" n in answer- to- the -•motorman's
query,. "All right?",; It was then,'Deutsch
mann said, that he ; turned on the cur
sent ; and. sent the .car : over the brow of
the hill.- ~~^'^' | HrX~ffi r nI!B7fcQ[ l > mtlliiU i i ft mi
Phelps said that the practice had been
with some motormen to start the car as
soon- as the signal bells were rung at
the box by the side < of the. street with
out waiting for the strap bell "g 0 ahoad"
signal of the'eonductor. He said also that
it was the conductor's duty to go to the
signal-box and ring the electric bell to
let. the conductor' on the upcoming car
know, that his: car .was attached to "the
cable,- but that the timer on occasions
when he, was there and sometimes the
switchman or signalman stationed there'
did it for; him to 'save time. He heard
the , bells run by, Cameron, as other tes
timony proved, but thought ' it was the
conductor of the other car at the foot of
the hill: signaling that his car was at
tached.: He stated with. great posltiveness
that he did not give the "go ahead" sle
nal. " • ;
Rules Not Obeyed.
M. P. Phelps, the conductor, told of the
delay of forty' minutes at Union street on
account of the accident at Fillmore and
California streets; of finally reaching the
top of the hill and his V immediate un
coupling- of the car from the grip; expect
ing to continue on the run southward.
As he mounted the platform again Timer
Cameron v/as talking to the motorman
and on finding that the car was forty min
utes late the timer ordered the conductor
to'Bo back to the bay. as that /would put
him on his regular time again. Cameron
told, him, Phelps testified, not to issue
transfers to the passengers, but to take
them down to Vallejo street and there
let them step across to the up-comlng
car. Phelps said , he turned the trolley,
but got on the car to tell, the passengers
to remain aboard without waiting to
couple the car to the'grip again. The car
started without his. having given the "go
ahead" signal and he caught the rope and
rang: for the motorman to stop and then
sprang to the door 'and shouted for him to
stop, but It was too late. The car was be
yond the brow of the hill and the brakes
would not hold it.' ;.
Company, explained the mechanical safety
appliances and the regulations as to
signals. ' He said that if a car started
down the hill toward Vallejo and Green
streets without being attached to the
cable no brakes could' stop it, as It v/ouiu
skate faster than it would run on revolv
ing wheels. - ¦ , ¦ ',-¦¦¦¦
The jury deliberated, but a few
minutes. The jurorswere: De Witt W.
Toll, : foreman ; Claud Messer smith, Hugo
S. . Rotermundt. George' Marcus, P. rK.
Law and Georgre Schmidt. ¦
Frank P. .Kelly, attorney for the Mar
ket-street Railway Company, was present
during the. Inquest and frequently joined
In the examination of witnesses.
. Alexander Cameron, the timer, who was
sent out on Fillmore street to straighten
out the tangle after the first accident,
said he rang the electric-, signals, having
no doubt that the car was coupled to
the grip and knowing the motorman
would not start till he got the con
ductor's "go ahead." He had no ade
quate response to the Coroner's questions
as to why he signaled . that the car was
attached and ready to begin the descent
without seeing for himself that it had not
been uncoupled.
Miss Lena Harley of 2847. Fillmore
street. - who was a passenger, said she
distinctly heard the conductor uncouple
the car. She was sure the conductor did
rot ring the' strap bell and tlrat no "stop
was made after the.car started. Her testi
mony was very definite . and convincing.
J. H. Leaf, the signalman, swore that
he heard the "so ahead" bells, Dut did
not^see the conductor pull the strap. He
admitted that he had sometimes rung the
signal bells; from the. box, though it was
not in accordance with the rules.
Timer Gave the Signal.
from the timer— testimony * which other
evidence showed -to be mistaken.-
The abstract of the condition of the na
tional banks of San Francisco at the close
of business, December 10, - as reported to
the Comptroller of Currency, shows an
average reserve of 31.21 per cent; loans
and discounts, $20,541,123; individual de
posits, $18,085,890. |
Director W. W. Campbell of the Lick
Observatory has been here for' the past
week. ] representing the University of Cali
fornia, at the meetings of the American
Astronomical Society. He presented to the
society fourteen papers on astronomical
subjects of current interest, written by
astronomers cf the university, twelve of
these being members of the Lick Observa
tory staff and two from the Berkeley as
tronomical department. Those relating
to the Crocker eclipse expedition and to
the new star in Perseus were of special
interest.
Oregon: Increase — John W. Thomas,
Amity, $S.
Washington: Increase — Theodore H.
Merihew, West Spokane, $12.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia, original (war with Spain) — Frank
O'Brien, Stockton. $36; Carl J. Omoltke,
San Francisco, $6. Increase— John J.
Boyle, San Francisco, $S; Nathan J. Wal
ler, Pasadena. $12; Roger H. Ross, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; David R. S.
Shaffer, Westminster, $8; Roswell L. Em
erlck, Los Angeles, $3.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— Postmasters
commissioned: "William J. Burns, San
Andreas; Charles A. Henry, Powellton.
Washington — Peter Onsdorff, Battle
ground.
Condition.
National Banks in San Francisco Re-
Ported to Be in Good Financial
OF . INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE . PACIFIC COAST
Superintendent Lynch Explains.
Henfy>H. Lynch, superintendent 'of con
struction for the Market Street Railway
Mrs. '* Caroline v Bopp and Mrs.> Emily
Sampson, passengers on. the 'southbound
car. that was struck. by. the runaway car,
gave . unimportant testimony. - .-;.:-;•
Scarcity of testimony from passengers
was one source of uncertainty as to
whether or' not - the "go ahead" signal
from the strap bell was given. Coroner
Leland was much annoyed • that more
passengers had not been subpenaed bv
his deputies. His sharp Injunction to
Deputy McCormick to "dig up" some of
them would .have led one to infer that
there had been a general slaughtering of
passengers and that the unfortunates
were already beneath the sod. ¦
¦ Mayor-elect Schmitz was a witness. He
told of s^ing the cars crash together: of
telephoning from his residence on Fill
more street to the Market Street Railway
offices, telling them of the accident and
asking them to send physicians, and of his
jroing to the asslstanceof the Injured.
Concerning the mechanical appliances the
Mayor-elect said he had paid particular
attention to them and deemed them ab
solutely safe. He said that if, the pre
scribed precautions were observed by. em
ployes accident would be impossible. He
had not known of any previous mishap on
the gravity line.
Motorman Deutschmann furnished .the
one dramatic Incident of/ the Inquest. He
was telllncr on the stand that he heard the
"ko ahead" bells, started on the "first
notch." heard the conductor shout "stop,"
and did stop the car. He said he looked
about and saw the conductor in the rear
of the enclosed portion of the car and
heard him explain to the passengers that
they would be transferred at Vallejo
street. As Deutschmann told - this ' he
arose to show the conductor's attitude
and, overcome with the recollection of
what followed— the wild. ride down the hill,
the collision and the screams of- the
women and cries and ' groans of '¦- the ' in
jured — the motorman • sank back ¦ into - his
seat and covered his face with his hands,
sobbing, his body trembling with emotion.
Coroner Reads a Lecture.
juries in the Fillmore-street rail
way accident on the evening of Decem
ber 23, returned a verdict that the wreck
was due to the carelessness of Timer
Alexander Cameron and Motorman A. T.
Deutschmann. The conductor, M. P.
Phelps, who failed to couple the car to
the grip on, the cable, escaped censure
because the jury believed that the testi
mony, though conflicting, snowed that
the timer rang the signal bells, indicating
that the car was attached to me cable
and ready to start, a duty tnat oeiongea
to the conauctor alone ana snould not
have been assumed by the tinier.
The testimwny demonstrated clearly
that the street car company's failure to
enrorce strictly ivs regulations as to the
duties ot aurerent employes at tne point
of danger maae the accident possible.
Mechanical appliances that Insure abso
lute safety on the gravity section o£ tne
electric road were rendered inoperative
by a careless confusion of duties on the
part of two or three men.
The testimony was" not complete, as but
few passengers were placed on the stand,
and many direct contradictions left mucn
doubt as to the occurrences Immediately
prior to the wild ride down the hill. The
timer, the motorman and the signalman
an testified positively tnat they heard the
conductor's "go ahead' 1 bells. If they rang
the motorman had no duty but to obey
and switch on the current that would
send the car over the brow of the hfll.
But the conductor denied that he gave
the "go ahead" signal, and two passen
gers, who claimed to have been watching
him, say that he did not. It was three
against three, and the jury apparently
accepted the testimony of the conductor
and passengers, for it censured the ,mo
torman and had no word of condemna
tion for the conductor, who, after receiv
ing his orders from the timer, turned the
trolley and mounted the car again, leav
ing it uncoupled from 'v the cable, while he
explained to . the passengers that they
were to stay aboard, be taken back to
Vallejo street and transferred there to a
car that would take them on southward,
while his car would return, to the bay.
He alone of the three had knowledge that
the car was not attached to the cable
and that he would have to dismount
again and make the coupling before the
car could safely start down the steep in
cline.
THE Coroner's jury at the inquest
yesterday into the cause of the
death of Miss Mary Phelan, the
domestic who received fatal in-
Parks was wide awake and had a shot
gun by his side. The burglar had a re
volver and both weapons were raised and
pointed at about the same time, but the
burglar had not Parks' nerve and so gave
in. After he had laid down his pistol and
emptied his pockets he was allowed to go.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— Nerve and presence
of mind served to outwit a burglar at the
Milpitas Hotel early this morning. The
burglar had visited several rooms, secur
ing a small sum of money, but when he
opened the door of the room of James
Parks, one of the proprietors, he received
a setback. - . • ¦
Life to a Morgue
Slab.
Intruder at a Milpitas Hotel Prefers
STEADY SHOTGUN BRINGS
THE BURGLAR TO TERMS
REDDING, Jan. 2.— Joseph Kelly, one of
the early miners of this county, gave his
gold claim and his cabin to a wood
hauler named Thompson, who this morn
ing saved his life. For years Kelly, who
is 73 years of age, has mined a profitable
claim in Oregon Gulch, six miles from
Redding, where he lived alone. Yesterday
he set ourto prospect In the vicinity. As
night came on the old man lost his way
A steady rain began and he was lost in
the woods. He walked blindly until all
but exhausted, fearing to lie down lest
be ehould sleep and never awaken.
Early this morning, when he had lost
hope. Thompson, the wood-hauler, found
him. ajid tooK him ip, revived him and se
cured medical attention. The grateful old
miner says he is done with mining and re
warded his preserver with the gift of his
mine and cabin.
Re-wards a Poor Wood
¦¦•"" v •/ -. ; Hauler. - *) '
Aged Miner of Shasta County Richly
GIVES MINE AND CABIN
TO MAN WHO SAVED HIM
At this evening's session of the Pan
American Conference one article of the
proposed extradition convention was ap
proved, the United States delegation aa
stainingr from voting- on one clause of the
article, owing to the diversity of State
legislation in the United States, but in
dorsing the project as a whole. There is
no change in the arbitration situation, but
Its complexion has slightly improved. •
It is learned that the Chilean delegates
held an interview with President Diaz
to-night with a view of detaching, if pos
sible, the Mexican delegation from the
scheme of compulsory arbitration.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 2.— To-day the
Pan-American delegates and their fami
lies attended the ceremony of the laying
of the cornerstone of a monument to
Mexico's independence on the Paso del
Reforma. All the delegates signed a doc
ument which was deposited in a strong
box in the cornerstone.
DELEGATES FINALLY AGREE
ON EXTRADITION MATTERS
Pan-American Conferencs Considers
an Important Branch of
the Work Bafore It.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— The State De
partment officials say they have no recent
news bearing on the case of Miss Stcne
and therefore cannot confirm the dispatch
from London transmitting a report that
she has been . .-.eased. At the came time
such a consummation of the efforts in
her behalf would not be surprising, as the
latest news received here shows that re
sponsible persons are in communication
with the brigands who hold her captive
and the latter know these persons have all
the money that can be raised with which
to ransom the captives.
LON'DON, Jan. 2.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Vienna says a report
has been received there via Sofia to the
effect that Miss Helen M. Stone, the cap
tive American missionary, has been re
leased. The report lacks confirmation.
Be Surprised to Receive Con-
nrmation. of Story.
Officials at Washington Would Not
XEFORT K-EACHSS LONDON
THAT MISS STONE IS TREE
This opinion was expressed to-night by
ah officer of the State Department whose
attention was called to the dispatch stat
ing that the Ban Righ had been armed
and equipped as a war vessel and is now
on her way to Venezuela- The Ban Righ
cannot be classed as a pirate. Secretary
Eayard's declaration that the United
States could not regard as piratical ves
sels manned by parties in arms against
the Government has been accepted by all
maritime nations. The Ban High will
therefore, not be recognized as a pirate
by warships of any nation. If upon en
tering the waters of Venezuela she should
be Eeized, then President Castro will
probably be aJlowed to ¦wreak his will
upon the Venezuelans on board, though
the British Government will undoubtedly
be able to save any of Its subjects who
may be captured.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— If the steam
ship Ban -High has discarded her British
register and is actually In the service of
the insurgents of Venezuela the British
Government can offer no objection to her
seizure by the agents of President Castro.
Cannot Be Classed as a Pirate.
The volunteers said that their landing
on the coast of Venezuela was planned
to coincide with a forward movement on
the part cf the Colombian troops and the
landing in Venezuela of other revolution
ists who had concentrated at the Islands
of Trinidad and Curacao.
The reinforcements of the 300 volunteers
now on board the Ban Righ will reach the
war steamer in sloops and schooners
which are to be met at various points if
the plans of the revolutionists are car
ried cut.
Details of the conversion of the steamer
Ban High into a war vessel shows that
her vital parts (engines, etc) have been
protected by thick plates of steel. The
•work was cone here at the works of the
General Transatlantic Company. The Ban
Righ's armament consists of several guns
capable of firing 300 shots per minute and
four .10-centimeter rapid-fire guns. The
officer in diarge of the Ban High's guns
is a European. The vessel's crew is com
posed of Englishmen and natives of the
island of Martinique.
Converted Into a "Warship.
God. all powerful. Inspires us, and with his
help we will save Venezuela. Tour country
man, M. A. MATOS.
On the steamer Liberatador, December 31,
1801- •/••£¦
Countrymen all, let us remove this faithless
magistrate who alone is responsible for th>:
misfortunes of Venezuela, and united in the
bonds of brotherhood, let us at once re-estab
lish interpeace in our country, harmonize re
lations between Venezuela and foreign powere
and let us bring about the respectable ob
servance In our land of every man's rights
fcnd the strict accomplishment of every man's
duties. Thus you will regain your good name,
¦win back your beloved country ana the great
Liberal cause will once again become invested
with its merited prestige.
Our work is the work of the nation. The
primary object cf our endeavor is to remove
one man from hig public position, a ' position
in which he has committed every error and
every excess, and who has compromised not
only Venezuela's good name, but even her na
tional Integrity. Traitor to all his duties, this
unfortunate man has alienated from . Venezuela
the good will of the countries of the world, and
his diseased brain has led him to bring: about
& mad misunderstanding with Colombia.
Heedful of public opinion, and mindful of
the honur with which a. large number ot my
distinguished compatriots invested me when
tney generously selected me to become chief
of this crusi*e of redemption, I come to iny
country's aid quickly and wah diligence. 1
bring with me ail the necessary munitions of
war to strengthen our will ana render It ir
resistible. At the same time I hope to serve
he a bond of union between all Venezuelans
who desire to save our beloved country from
ruin.
Countrymen, the sole use' of our arms shall
be for the tiring of joyful salutes, bearing
tidings of contentment and happiness tu our
hurr.es. Lei each of you fulfill his supreme
duty toward h.s desolate native country. l)c
this and each cne ot you will have the great
•satisfaction of knowing that he has saved
Venezuela, from material injury and his fam
ily from the shedding of bitter tears.
To my Venezuelan countrymen : Our native
country Is moaning; fche is perishing. The
pride and folly of a perjured magistrate have
brought our country to the edge of an abyss.
Let us unite and save our native land.
Matos Appeals to Countrymen.
Previous to his departure General Matos
issued the following manifesto, calling on
all his fellow countrymen to taice up arms:
The behavior ot General Matos and his
adherents while they were at this port
was most correct and when they left they
had the sympathy of the whole popula
tion. General Matos is well known at
Fort de France, where he has many
friends. The iocal newspapers have pub
lished articles expressing hopes for the
prompt success oi the expedition and the
downiall of President Castro, wnose atti
tude, the papers add, has earned for him
tne enmity of the whole w»rld.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island of Martin
ique, Jan. 2.— The Britisn steamer Ban
Kigh, recently renamed the Liberatador,
has left this port for the Venezuelan coast.
She carries among her passengers Senor
Matos, who is now referred to as General
Matos, and several generals, and other im
portant personages of Venezuela, who
joined General Aiatos here. .Besides the
leaders of the expedition, the Uberatador
has on beard SOU volunteers and it is un
derstood that she will embark a numoer
of ether volunteers while on her way to
the coast of Venezuela.
Carries Insurgent Volunteers.
Une revolutionary Generals Guzman,
Monogros and jflatero are operating in
the districts of Carabobo and Guarlco.
Generals Botolia and Bodeno nave taicen
the lield against Castro. President Castro
has stoppea ail tramc on the German rail
road between Caracas and Valencia. :
commandant of the Government forces
has revolted with 6000 men and nas joineu
General crbina, Ferdaaez and Garcia,
whose troops are in the state of Bar
celona.
All the Venezuelan war vessels are pa
trolling the coast of their country with
the hope of capturing the Ban Righ.
Matos 1 expedition is working in conjunc
tion with the insurgent leaaers now ope
rating In Venezuela,
Venezuelan revolutionists have landed
15,000 Mausers and 180,000 rounds of am
munition at Ccro, in Guayana, where the
PORT OF SPAIN*, Jan. 2.— The British
Eteamship Ban Righ. called the Libera
tador by Venezuelan revolutionists, left
Fort de France. Martinique, last night
with an expedition under the leadership
of Senor Matos.
Special Dispat'fc to The Call.
Manifesto.
Before Departing From the Island of
Martinique, General Matos, the
Rebel Leader, Issues a
As a result of the financial embarrass
ment of the Everett-Moore syndicate a
run was started on the Dime Savings and
Banking Company, of which Everett and
Moore are directors, late to-day. All de
mands were promptly met, and President
Watterson said the bank had ample funds
on hand to pay all depositors who desired
their money. The institution is one of
the city depositories.. "When its last re
port was issued in October the bank's to
tal resources were placed at $5,762,007, in
cluding a surplus fund of $335,0ju.
Personally I have had no connection with
and no knowledge cf the operations of the
Kverett-Moore syndicate. Although I am
named as one of the members of the commit
tee for the reorganization of their affairs, I
have now no actual knowledge of their con
dition except as informed by another - com
mittee of Cleveland bankers, which has spent
more than a week in making an . investiga
tion. While 1 have taken no part in this
investigation, the bankers who conducted It
are among our safe > and conservative men and
their report should inspire' confldence. The
entire affairs of the syndicate are now under
going a thorough investigation i with - the as-'
sistance of chartered accountants, and all per
sons concerned Ehould, in my Judgment, feel
assured that the interests of all classes of
creditors will be conserved bv competent bust
ness management at the hands of the commit
tee chosen. ••. . . • . * ¦
Henry A. Everett and H. W. Moore re
fused to-day to be interviewed concerning
their artairs, declaring that a statement
issued by the company covered the entire
matter. The committee of bankers or
ganized by electing H. P. Newcomb as
chairman and E. c Tillotson secretary. '
Colonel Myron T. Herrick to : 'night gave
cut the following statement relating to
the affairs of the Everett-Moore syndi
cate:
The aggregate capitalization of all the
various pioperties owned or controlled by
the synaicate is said to be about $130,
000,000. • ,
Expert accountants have been employed
by the committee in charge to examine
and report upon the condition of all the
constituent companies; No statement has
yet been given out indicating the liabili
ties of the syndicate.
Among the more Important electric
street • railroad properties in which the
synaicate is largely interested are the
Cleveland Klectnc Kailway Company, the
Detroit United itailway Company, tne To
ledo Kailway and Light Company, the
Northern Ohio Traction Company, the
Cleveland, Gainesville and Eastern Rail
way Company, th6 Detroit and Toledo
Shore Line i;ailroad Company and the
Lake Shore Electric Railroad Company.
All of these lines are declared by the
committee to be, with scarcely an excep
tion, in good physical condition, perfectly
solvent and in no wise embarrassed.
The Everett-Moore syndicate is accred
ited with controlling more tnan 1200 miles
ot urban ana interurban electric lines in
Ohio and Michigan, with many new ex
tensions still in course of construction.
Among tlie telephone properties owned
outrignt or controlled by the syndicate
are tne Cuyahoga Telephone Company of
this city, with more than 10,000 subscrib
ers; the United States Telephone Com
pany (long distance.), the Federal Tele
phone Company, the Stark County (Ohio)
Telephone Company, the Columbian
County (Ohio) leiephone Company, the
People's Telephone Company of Detroit,
the Wood County {Ohio) Telephone Com
pany and a number of others in which
the Federal Telephone Company is the
controlling factor. -
¦ CLEVELAND. Ohio, Jan; 2.— The finan
cial affairs of the Everett-Moore syndi
cate, owning or controlling, a number of
urban and interurban electric' railways
and an extensive system of local and
long-distance telephone lines in Ohio and
Michigan, passed into the control of a
committee composed of seven prominent
bankers of this city to-day. This action
was taken, it is stated, as the result of
temporary financial embarrassment on
the part of the syndicate, which has for
some time past been affected by the strin
gency in the 'money market.
The committee chosen has been at work
investigating. arlairs of the syndicate and
expresses the tirm belief tnat the concern
i3 entirely solvent, and tnat its embar
rassment will be only temporary. -
As a typical instance of the means em
ployed by the Free State Government.
Captain Burrows corroborated the state
ment of American missionaries to . the
effect that the omciais employed 5uO can
nibals, to whom they issue r.nes to "mas
sacre and capture unarmed natives wno
had rebelled against their brmai
methods."
"I have sworn testimony," said Bur
rows, "of the Belgians handing over na
tives .o cannibal tribes ror me expreos
purpose of being eaten. Forced labor pre
vaiis everywhere, and 'shotgun rule' is
the truest description of tne present ad
ministration. Tne companies deriving
wealth from the collection of rubber are
all more or less state enterprises, as a
third or half the shares in them are In
variably held by the Government. Lately
King Leopold and the Government have
maae some show of action against the
agents of some of the Upper Congo com
panies, but only minor oihcials are ever
touched, and tne so-calltd reforms are
merely Intended to throw oust in the eyes
of the public, whose inaignation has been
arousea by the stories of this reign of
terror. While the present systems for
the collection of rubber ana tne recruit of
natives continue the Free State will re
main a disgrace to the whole of Africa. '
LOXDON, Jan. 2.— Captain Guy Bur
rows, who has just retired from the em
ploy of the Congo Free State Govern
ment after six years' service, declares in
an interview with a Call correspondent
that the conditions in the Congo State
are a disgrace to civilization and worse
than ever before.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the Herald Pub
lishing company.
British Filibustering Steamer
Is Converted Into a
"Warship.
Officials Employ Cannibals
to Massacre Rebellious
Natives.
A Stringent Money Market
Causes the Suspension of
$ 1 30,000,000 Concern.
Venezuelan Revolution
ists on the Way to
Fight Castro/
Bankers Take Charge of
the Affairs of Everett
and Moore.
Existing Government a,
Disgrace to Civ
ilization.
Carelessness of Two Employes Is Stated as Cause of Collision,
While, Conductor . Escapes Censure— -Motorman Breaks Down
on Witness Stand and Sobs at ReGollection of the Wild Ride
BAN RIGH
TAKES MEN
AND ARMS
SHOTGUN RULE
IN CO NGO STATE
CORONER'S JURY FIXES THE BLAME
FOR FILLMORE-STREET ACCIDENT
BIG SYNDICATE
IS EMBARRASSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1902,
That the said Mary Phelan,
age 29 years,- nativity Illi
nois, occupation domestic,
single, residence 2520 Green
street, in the city- and^ county
of San Francisco, came to her
death at the Southern Pacific
Hospital on the 24th day of
December, 1901, through frac
ture of skull -'by- being thrown
from p. Fillmore-street car on
December ,23, 1901, at . 7:40
o'clock p. m. by collision be
.tween cars at the switch be
tween Green and Union
streets/, which collision . was
caused . through the careless
ness of Timekeeper A. D. :
; Cameron and Motorman A. F.
• Deutschmann." — Verdict - . of
I Coroner's Jury.
3
Grain-0 is not a stimulant, like
coffee. It is a tonic and its effects
are permanent.
A successful substitute for coffee,
because it has the coffee flavor that
everybody likes.
Lots of coffee substitutes In the
xnarkec, but only one food drink—
Aflrrocers: 15c tad 25c.
THE PURE \^ J
GRAIN COFFEE
AD VjiitTISEMENTS.
FOURTEEN
YESTERDAY
Not Yet Too Late to Take Ad-
vantage of the Low Piano
Prices.
Sale Ends This Week. Select
a Fine Piano To-Day. Ten
Dollars a Month Looks
Easy, and It Is Easy. Store
Open To-Night. Don't Be
Late at This Sale. You'll
Never Again See Such Bar-
gains.
Our vast assortment has . been some*
what broken by the great number of in-
struments sold during the past few days.
but we still have left some of our choicest
and most costly styles of the celebrated
Kimball and other fine pianos. All of
them must surely be sold by Saturday
night, and in view of that fact we want
customers to-day for some of our fanciest
and most expensive instruments.
: It may not occur to every one that it
pays sometimes to sell goods at cost and
even less than cost, but any good mer-
chant will tell you that this Is sometimes
expedient and necessary.
Now is the time for the prudent man or
woman who stands in need of a good
piano to buy. now— to-day— while this big
sacrifice sale Is still In progress.
Do not fall to see these very latest style
fancy mottled walnut cased Colonial up-
right pianos, regular cabinet grand
sizes, retail price $500. now $2S7.
Terms twenty-nve dollars down and ten
dollars a month if you axe not prepared
to pay all cash. Don't fail to see these
\ beauties to-day.
I Let us also call your attention to the
i most beautifully dappled English oak
! cased Kimball and Estey upright .cabinet
grand pianos ever shown in the city. You
i still have at least a half dozen of each.
| particular style to choose from, and it
i will pay you handsomely to make your
! selection to-day. Several regular Jo50
strictly high grade and most elaborately
finished styles now $337 and $330. Thirty
dollars down and $12 a mouth buys them.
All of these remaining mahogany and
; walnut cubed- uprignt pianos, called i&3
I Gramer, made and warranted by the
; Emerson Piano Company, should be dis-
i posed of to-day. They are ordinarily sold
i for $360, but here they are now $186. Easy
! terms of payment as desired.
I Several very fancy cased Richmond up-
right pianos, also brand new, should also
fir.d homes to-day. After these are gone
i you will De asked to pay at least $325 for;
; them— |17i5 and upward here now during
; this gale. Easy payments, too.
! Do you want a good used piano? Wo
| have several of them of standard makes.
; A Gabler upright in excellent order at
i half what you would ordinarily expect to
I pay for such an instrument. Pay four or
i live dollars a month for it if you like.
< Don't fall to come in to-day. Store will
| be open until late to-night In order to
I accommodate those that cannot well at-
i tend during the day. Remember the
place, 645 itiarket street, upstairs, in the
Bishop building, below Kearny; take el*-
I vator. Kilers Jfiano Company, .wholesale
; and retail piano dealers, San Francisco,
| Portland, Or., and Spokane, Wash,
SURPRISE HER. .. . _
I Your Little Daughter Needs a Piano
i and She '.Needs It Now.
I.
j Only a few of these beautiful new Klm-
i ball and Stelnway and Emerson and
! Kstey and other line pianos left forsaia
¦ out of this the largest wholesale stock
! ever shown in the city. Scores ot homes
I have taken advantage of our sacrifice sale
which commenced last Monday a week
ago. All of the remaining instruments
j should go to-day. Remember it will prob-
J ably ta*.e money and lota of it to buy a.
j line Kimball or Steinway piano after this
; sale closes. Ana wnne you nave the oy-
I portunity to buy one at almost half
| price and on payments little more than
i rent, why not uo so.' Kemember tne
piace, i*)iiers Piano company's wholesale,
warerooms, 645 Market street, in ma
Bishop building; take elevator.
A GREAT PLANT.
What One of the Great American.
Music Journals Says.
In a recent editorial by the editor of
the New lor*: iuusical Courier, tne great
American authority on matters muaicai,
he says: -"mere is no limit to tne ca-
pacity of the W. vV. Kimbau Company us
a piano manufacturer; every one wm au-
mit mat. Tne capacity runs in every di-
rection. There is no limit to factory ca-
pacity — no limit to the capacity to aosorb
every excellent idea in piano structure;
• no limit to tne capital necessary to gat
the greatest' experts and specialists, anu
no. limit to secure the very unest material
and put it togetner in the very best style,
¦mat ail must be admitted.
"If piano peopie aesire to see what Is
constituted under the term •original' -we
advise them to Iook at the several new
designs and styles of Kimball upright
I pianos. Look at them. Tney are entirely
outside the ordinary character of piano
! case work. The tlnish Is simply exquisite.
"Then look at the Interior. The ordin-
• ary. plate- styles and furnishings are sup-
i planted by new features simpiy startling.
I "Then try the pianos. Test them se-
'. verely. Go through the questions of dip.
' of repeat and of sympathy of touch. All
I these will be found delightful for pianists,
and the tone Is rich, resonant ¦ and re-
ttned. The Kimball piano of the present
> day must be viewed as one of the great-
1 est successes of recent piano history.
; "Of course with this piano and the mil-
! lions behind it, and the brains and energy
'and the knowledge of the business and
the conditio.ns of the piano trade to aid
it. there is no difficulty in predicting the
future grandeur of the Kimball house.
"With , old houses retiring or going to
' pieces, new alignments ensuing, a rear-
rangement of the conditions of the past
proceeding vividly before U3, the Klm-
! ball house assumes an Importance that
must necessarily be felt throughout- th«
musical world of - America with ¦ electric
effect. It Is now being felt and the 1m-
,! pulse Is so great as to be startling in it3
[character.
I : "Having prepared our readers for what
! we are now to state, we hereby announce
I that the "VV. W. Kimball Company Is ar-
I ranging to produce fifty pianos a day in
Its enormous factories." ¦
This advance lias been reached and -'the
output ,of .these great factories U now
. sixty finished pianos dally. *»The athletic entertainment . and ' assau.lt
at arms arranged to x take place this even
ing at Hoover's' Hall as ajbencfitiforrMa-
JorRdd. tho swordsman; has ;bcen post
cpned one week*'g*g|g^iS$j'-£ : ' :-¦¦ "< ':
Athletic Exhibition Postponed.
Burning Wood" and, Leather
With our new,; Pyrography Machines is an
artistic : pleasure that J any ;one: can [ enjoy
at '• small expense. - Colored ¦ skins and "all
kinds of Wooden 'Articles for burning-,- as
well • as > designs* to work'^from, at San
born, * Vail : & Co.'s, 741', Market street.: • '
Petitions in insolvency were filed in: the
United' States District Court ; yesterday
as follows: F. H. Maxwell, .watchmaker
and optician. Stockton, liabilities . ?1240 32,
assets $300: George \V. Haley, photog
rapher, San Francisco, liabilities $1012 02,
no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Mrs. Teresa Morris. 1025 Minna street,
was ¦ convicted ;by I Judge Mogan yesterday
on : the charge of cruelty to her two chil
dren, one two and' a half ¦ years old' and
the other six months of age. r Her. huso
band,: Norman Morris, was . also ordered
into^custody. V. It was shown: that Morris
and-his wife took their; two children -to
the home; of -friends Sunday night, , and
while • the : two I families started , on a pro
longed spree the; children were neglected.'
Neglected Her Children.
"Judging from what' I -could* learn in
the East, there will bo the largest- tour
ist, travel to -the coast this year that has
ever taken place." : • >
"The northern lines. that are not mem
bers of" the Transcontinental Passenger
Association will put their rate into effect
during March and Aprii," he said: ''They
may operate this; colonist, rate far' into
May, as. this is a good month for Eastern
people to travel to the coast.' .
General Passenger^ Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormick of the Southern Pacific
Company, who has Just returned from the
East, says- that the actual date for the
opening of the colonist , rate has riot yet
been decided upon. '¦
East and Says California .Has
Bright Prospects.)
E. O. McCormick Returns From the
LARGE TOURIST TRAVEL -J^S
TO COAST PREDICTED
At 'the. meeting of , the Building Trades
Council last night a communication was
received from the San Francisco Labor
Council asking the Building Trades Coun
cil to appoint a committee of tlve from
that body to meet with- a like committee
from the other organization to take steps
to harmonize the differences existing be
tween the two bodies and to generally
consider :the conditions surrounding labor
matters. . ' .
favorable action was taken and the fol
lowing committee was named: P. H. Mc-
Carthy. O. A: Tveitmoe. E. J. Brandon,
Henry Theiler and John Coafield.
The two committees will- hold an execu
tive meeting at a date and place to be se
lected later. ' •
and San Francisco Labor Coun
. ells to Consider Situation.
Committees From Building Trades
LABOR ORGANIZATIONS
TO HOLD A CONFERENCE
' There is a probability that all g of the
young men charged. with robbing and at
tempting to maltreat Mrs. Rose Kil
bourne of Santa Rosa will be discharged.
Thomas Crouch, . one of -,_ the : defendants,
was discharged by Judge Mogan yester
day, as it was shown that he had. nothing
whatever to do with the case, and the
other two, Frank Morrissey and Martin J.
Flynn, may be discharged to-day. ".;•;" ¦ >
Mrs. Kilbourne has made so many con
tradictory ' statements in her own , testi
mony and also in" contradicting the evi
dence of other : witnesses that the Judge
has subpenaed all the witnesses to return
to. court. this morning' so as:to:face.Mr3.
Kilbourne. Two of them., Jeremiah Foss
and Policeman Wollweber. testified; that
Mrs. Kilbourne was under the influence
of liquor, .which she denies. Mrs. Murphy,
another, witness, : testified that Mrs. Kil
bourne fell over an embankment thirty
feet high, which she also denies.
in I Court.
Kilbourne Case Discharged
One of the Three Defendants in "the
CHARGES OF ROBBERY
MAY BE DISMISSED.
The Chinese officials have been sounded
by the- Ministers as to whether they will
enforce the old custom of restraining for
eigners from witnessing Imperial proces
sions. The treaty t gives the legations a
strip ; or wall commanding a view of the
gates of . the imperial city and the mem-
The foreigners will probably view the
court s re-entry into Peking from the wall
near the legations. „
A third editorial, regarding the recent
murder of a Belgian priest near Ning Sha
Foo, in the Kansu province, ; has ap
peared.' It' appoints a special official to
puni3h those who are guilty of the crime
and reaffirmed the Dowager Empress*
good will toward Christians.
This is unusual activity upon the part of
the- court in the punishment of those
guilty of an anti-Christian outrage and
is taken as evidence of the Dowager Em
press' desire to conciliate the powers upon
the- eve of the return of tho court to Pe
king. Proofs accumulate that Prince
Chang's arguments persuaded the Dow
ager Empress, to trust herself within
range of; the legations for this. Officials
arriving here describe the Dowager Em
press,and General Lu as being extremely
nervous and suspicious lest the foreigners
are planning to entrap thereafter their
arrival- ana punish them for encouraeinc
Boxerism- &
Other incidents - which •. are considered
significant are the suppression of the only
independent newspaper in thl3 city by or
der of the Governor of Peking and the
closing of the industrial school here, re
cently organized by philanthropic Chinese,
also by the Governor's order. This school
was intended for the training of destitute
youths. Other liberal Chinese will hesi
tate now to give practical vent to their
theories, fearing the displeasure of of
ficialdom.
PEKING, Jan. 2.— Several recent occur
rences tend to discourage the hope that
the Dowager Empress has learned a les
son of reform from the events of the past
year. Foreigners are disposed to take a
pessimistic view of the outlook. General
Yung Lu's determination to organize two
anti-foreign army corps to offset th© com
mands of the pro-foreign Chinese leaders
is particularly disquieting and is evidence
of the continued domination of his in
fluence, which is bitterly anti-foreign.;
i Sir ..William Henry Broadbent, when In
terviewed on this subject, explained 'that
it •. was "; intended to - employ -the J open-air
treatment for consumptives, the . success
of which he said was now; absolutely es
tablished. ' Sir William was unable to give
details, but he said that he believed the
sanitarium' would be. within easy distance
of London, for it had been shown that the
open > air treatment could -be conducted
almost as successfully in England as in
Switzerland. V *-tj^£i^5e*»**jB5SW^sw l i^
I The papers this morning all publish edi
torials applauding :the King's purpose and
the noble' gift ,whlch: has enabled his'Maj
esty Ito carry out: the^idea which he has
so much at heart.
King Edward has decided to devote this
gift to a sanitarium, which "_ will accom
modate | one hundred patients. - Twelve of
the* beds are to be reserved for wealthy
sufferers and the remainder will be for
those who are able to afford only a small
fee. r King Edward has appointed an ad
visory committee in this matter, composed
of leading physicians, including Sir Wil
liam Henry Broadbent, Sir Richard Doug
lasxPowell,'Sir Francis Henry Lacking,
Sir. Felix Semon and others. Three prizes
of £500. £200 and £100. respectively have
been , offered In connection with this
scheme for the best estimates and on the
plans for tthe sanitarium and the advls
qry committee will be guided' by the re
sult of this competition in the execution
of his Majesty's wishes.-. The competition
will be open to medical men of all nation
alities. ::...' »>.'-¦-...-¦ ¦¦¦':¦. -;.;¦¦¦ :
LONDON, Jan. 3.— Two hundred thou
sand pounds sterling have been placed at
King Edward's disposal for charitable or
utilitarian purposes, according, to the
Daily Mail, by Sir Ernest Cassol. a mer
chantand financier who was prominent in
Egyptian finance 'and who was. made a
Knight Commander of St.* Michael and
St. George for his services in. that field.
LONDON, Jan. 2.— In conseauence of
King Edward's active. interest In the cru
sade against consumption, a philanthro
pist, who wishes his name withheld, -has
placed £200,000 at 'his Majesty's disposal
for the construction of a •sanitarium for
consumptives.' • . " ¦ :" > '¦.".:
Afraid of Being Pun
ished for Encourag
ing Boxers.
One Million Dollars the
Donation for a
Sanitarium.
The depositors are being paid at. the
¦ rate" of several hundred daily in the order
Mn which their claims were presented for
adjustment. The bank's assets are so
email that the depositors consider getting
their money almost like a gift from the
Vanderbilt family. They are accordingly
spending It freely. A number of important
real estate deals which were affected by
the bank's suspension were closed up to
day.
TACOMA, Jan. 2.— Local business in
every line Is being augmented by the sud
den paying out this week, commencing to
day, of $500,000 in gold coin to the de
positors of the Metropolitan Bank. The
money has been advanced by the Vander
bilt family of New York to save the fam
ily name and prevent poor people from
losing their eavings through the manage
ment of the bank by two Vanderbilt
nephews.
Payment was begun to-day by Charles
McNamee, business manager for George
Vanderbilt. The depositors exceed 3000.
of whom about 800 are school children.
Those having certificates of deposit are
being paid off at the London and San
Francisco Bank and book accounts at the
National Bank of Commerce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Keeper Bell acted quickly. Finding
himself left alone, he called out to
Agent Murray to open the door of the
oftice, a room eight by ten ieet in size
Murray quickly escaped and Bell faced
his infuriated charge alone. The animal
sprang at his throat, but was beaten oft
and gradually subdued by a big iron rod
At an opportune moment two quilts were
thrown over his head and held there un
til help arrived. Captain was then
dragged back* to his cage. -
J wenty men inside the building got out
within three seconds. Keeper Bell alone
remained. LucKily one of the escaping
attendants closed the door ofrthe stables
and headed the leopard off from attack
ing the horses. Elephants, camels, dogs
and even the lion roared, , whined and
moaned in fright when they beheld their
companion in captivity jumping about
among them.' •¦ ' ...
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 2.— Captain, a
four- year-old male leopard belonging to
a circus which is wintering here, escaped
from his cage this afternoon and for
thirty minutes made things more than
lively. He was. being transferred from
one, cage to another when he partly fell
and partly Jumped through an aperture
six Inches wide where the cages came to
gether.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DOWAGER FEARS
A FOREIGN TRAP
Daniel Crowley, manager of the Bay
City Athletic Club, has not yet produced
Tom Bernstein, who he says got the sig
natures to the permit for the fight on
November 8, nor Ed Meyer, who he says
accompanied Bernstein. The police can,
take no action unless one of the Super
visors whose name was forged to the per
mit swears to a warrant for Crowley'9
arrest, and there the matter rests.
Bay City's Forged Permit.
Circus Animal Escapes
and Leaps at the
Keeper's Throat.
Distribution of Vander
bilt.Coin Begins in
Tacoma.
It i? known that Thomas Jennings will
be oftered the place, hut it is not known
that he will accept it. There is goss'.p
lo tlip effect that Fred Zoile may apaln
b* r«?u'.*ested to serve on the board. For
some t!me Mayor Phelan and Mr. Zelle
were »t outs. At the famous session of
th«- board held in the red room of the
Bohemian Club, when the Mayor demand
ed thai the commissioners "should con
vert the Park L<odj?e into a branch of the
Free Public Library Mr. Zeile expressed
his opinion of the Mayor in a style so
breezy, refreshing and pointed that the
onlooker* expected a call for the .police
Ar Phelan and Zeile were old friends
s reconciliation 'was effected. In fact the
Mayor last fall suggested that the~Park
Commispioner. whom he. had not seen fit
to reappoint. should accept the leadership
< f the Democratic party and run for
Mayor. Mr. Zeile. however, declined to
*=iand for the Mayoralty and so the honor
of conducting the defense of Phelan's ad
ministration was thrust upon Joseph
Sadoc Tobin. There may now be a turn
in the wheel which will brine Mr. Zeilc
to the front again as the successor of
Colonel Martin on the park board. The.
appointment rightfully belongs to Mayor
Phelsn and it Js said that he will make
out tbe commission to-day or to-morrow
Colonel Martin is planning to visit Eu
rope." ,
It transpired at a session of the Board
of Park Commissioners yesterday after
noon that the resignation of Commissioner
\\ aitcr Martin was in the hands of Mayor
Pholan. Mr. Martin attended the meeting,
which was held in Reuben II. Lloyd's new
offi< e, but did not take part in the pro
tf-etlirgs. It is understood that Mayor
Plt&ftil will appoint some well known cit
izen to fill the vacancy in the board
< uuscd by the resignation of Colonel Mar
tin.
The present officers took their official posi
tions at noon on the first Monday after the
!L->t day of January. 1900, which day happened
to be the eighth day of that month. Fractions
at a C»y are not generally regarded as such,
therefore reckoning that portion of January 8
noon as one (Jay there if. no posEiblllty
<.f the otficers serving two years unless they
lioid until the close of the seventh day of
January, lmri. ; Their successors are entitled
t-i assume otfice at the beginning of the next
<lny. January 8.
•
Park Commissioner Martin Resigns.
The first wetion of the chapier on municipal
elections declares that the officers in question
¦>ha1I be ejected for ru-o years." And the sec
tions providing specifically for *ach office In
nearly every instance prescribe that such Offi
cer "shall hold office for two years." What
is the duration of a "year" is fixed by section
:;£J7 cf the Political Code, which determines
it to mean "a period of three hundred and
tixty-five days."
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday in reply to a communication of the
Mayor inquiring as to the expiration of
the term of office of those officials of the
city and county whose successors were
elected last November. Mr. Lane says
that the term of those in office expires
with the seventh day of January-, 1902.
It was the general imoression that the
incoming officials assumed office ort Jan
uary 6, 1902, that date being the first Mon
day. The opinion says:
Do Not Expire Until Janu
ary 7.
Attorney Lane Advises That Terms
CITY OmCIALS HOLD
OFFICE TWO DAYS MORE
MAN BATTLES
WITH LEOPARD
Love Olsen, who lives at 253 Minna
street, reported to the police that he was
held up at the corner of Third and Minna
streets at, midnight of "Wednesday and
robbed Of $48 in coin, a silver watch and
part of a' gold ' chain. The chain broke
when the robbers tried to pull it from his
vest. " He says that two men approached
him,' presented a pistol at his head and
demanded his money. One went through
his pockets .while the other held the
weapon. " •
William Riley, a camp foreman in the
employ of tho Southern Pacific Company,
reported to the police last night that he
had. been robbed of a purse containing
$170 by a fourteen-year-old newsboy about
7 o'clock at the corner of Third and Minna
streets. • According to Riley's statement,
made at the Southern police station; he
was accosted by the boy and asked to buy
a paper. ' <
Kiley refused and the boy keDt after
him, declaring that Riley had no money.
In order to prove that he had he pulled
out his purse and he claims that the boy
snatched it out of his hand and ran away.
Riley was not in condition to give chase
and was unable to give an accurate de
scription of the boy.
Year-Old Boy Robbed Him of
$170 on Third Street.
William Riley Claims That Pourteen-
NEWSBOY GRABS PURSE
AND QUICKLY ESCAPES
Selections for To-Day. - '
First race — El Fonse. El Mido, Free Lance.
Second race — Sea. Lion, Ned Oennls, Saul
of Tarsus.
Third race — Huachuca, Bassenzo, Colonial
Girl. - ¦ ' -
race^ — Prlncesa Tltanla, Matt Hogan,
Rey Dare.- ¦ . .
Fifth race — King Dellis, Pacemaker, Pat
Morrissey.
Sixth race— Tammany Chief, Bedeck, Flor
onso. *•'•:!¦
bers of the foreign community are plan
ning to assemble thereon. It will be a
great Innovation.
"Semi Colon Wins the Handicap.
NEW ORLEANS.'Jan. 2. —Results:
First race, one mile and an eighth. Belling—
Jim Breeze won, Campus second. Balloon third.
Time, 1:58%.
Second race, «Ix furlongs, selling —Moroni
won. Weird second. Aaron third. Time, 1:10.
Third-race, five furlongs, selling —Irla. wor,
Iola. second. Wild Bess third. Time, 1:04.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap —Semi
Colon won. B. G. Fox second. Circus third.
Time. 1:291-4.
Fifth race, one mtTe and a sixteenth. sell-
Ins —W. B. Gates won. Star Cotton second,
Farmer Bennett third. Time, 1:52.
Sixth race, elx furlongs, selling—Velma
Clark first. Masterful second. St. Wood third.
Time. 1:15. ; ~
8071 Larry Wilt...' 92 <3044)D!omed 118
2901 Nellie Forest.102 2991 Lodestar .....111
3071 Sir Lewis 97 S076 Darlene ...... 10O
Tam'ny Chief. 110 3031 Floronso .111
3071 Tufts 80 (SO81)Cromwell ....112
(3050) Bedeck ...r..H4l«S050Dawsoii 8T
With the exception of the chairman
ship of the committees on Ci\*il Service
and education the above list will stand.
The members of the new boaxd ¦will meet
in caucus to-night and Mayor-elect
Schmitz has agreed to confer with them
and talk over the disposition of the com
mittee chairmen. It was impossible to find
Mayor Schmitz last night, but from his
closest political friends it was learned that
the above appointments would be made.
In the two places not yet filled no selec
tion has been announced and probably
none will be until the Mayor assumes ol
fice.
Wharves and Water Front, .
License and Orders — Fred M. Bent.
Civil Service— Fred Egger*.
Equalization of Assessment* — W. J. Wynn.
Charities and Correction — Charles Alpere.
Hdii^ation — O<K>i-&e B. MeClellan.
Outside Lands — John A. Lynch.
"If suitable side bet is offered," ho
said, "I am willing to come to an agree
ment within twenty-four hours to fight
any of the good ones, especially Jack
O'Brien or George Gardner, before a re
putable club."
"KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2.— Tommy Ryan,
¦who claims the middle-weight, champion
ship of the world, to-night denied the
story recently circulated that he had per
manently retired from the ring. He said
he is ready to make a match at once with
any of the middle-weight stars who are
willing to make reasonable terms.
* Byan Wants to Fight Gardner.
OAKLAND BACT^BACK-TJju^^^
ao7T~TFIRST'" S RAcl^^ i
'. ¦ ¦ . Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. iS-_^._Str. _Fln^ __Owne L and Jockey. _Op_ CK_
«sTT8-i? W it S£SS55£33S2 S i*
30*3 Sir Claus 109 1 %* $\, »\ t \ Grossheim& Co. Spencer S 8
'SOS* King Herald 115 3 Sh J i ;| jl b Schr^r .. Bullman 8-5 0-5
3023 Schwarzwald 112 6 3^ 42 B 4o f; be : r ™ I | 1 t ° Dle .. .Treanor 10 M
2938 Llllie Dale 107 7 'TJa «'? . § «i H T Haskell Mounce « 7
3023 St. Chester 112 4 . l ' f* «¦ £ cC Ve er y ? .V..fco°ley 30 «0
!oT 8 SSgng-^- ¦*:& I »* Is |h I> k|« sfegS 2
would nave won. Schwarzwald had no excess speed charges to settle ror. bt. cne^ter
won't do. Robert Bonne^uU^J^trfjedj-^ntaka^l^^
3073. SECOND RACE— Futurity course: selling; f our-year-old3 ; to first. |n2u.
j j — Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. S^ M. «: Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. <*>- m
3049" Parsifal 104 5 3 1 3~2 3 % ID J. I>. Fitzgerald. Blrkrth 7-2 4
».atr::.:::iMi.ii4 2h j? ?« a^v» B R^m I «
3031 Katherine Ennis...lO2 451 In 2 b 33 *" &p - era "* M-Gnrn 6 7
3£g 1 ? i\« n is b ?i |:f"fnv- v S i i
29.85 Graylette 104 10 111 10 2 10 3 10 5 E. Blazer T. Burns 10 .0
3022 |Pegalong .104 11 12 11 114 lie P. D.Weir .. . . ... -Hoar 4<>
305» |Wm. Boyer 1081 8 10 2 12 12 12 IFrert HancocK ..Bullmanl 1U 1J
Time— To tf. :21%: to ft :46*i: last %, l:01Vi: short %, lrll'i- Fair start. Won fire t three
driving. Winner J. D. Fitzserald's br. r. by St. Carlo- Partisan*. Buried card ot Pars -
fal won the pot. Katherine Ennis bumped at start. McGinn on Rasp got a cinder in fcU
eye while poking his head out of the cab window. This caused a ''"Vf,' r«vie« e ourtt
into the depot. Pencil Me off poorly. Jackson on Captivate called late. Graylette ought
to make a great United Sttaes "g^gg^fp^g^hggf- **f^ J^^^ s^^^^^-w^^^-<-rw-ur^ J -^^-o-u- u
3079. THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; to first, $C25.
j — j ; P j Betting.
Index |Horse and Welght.iSt. »,$. %. Str.. . Tin. 1 Owner and Jockey. j Op. Cl.
T777" Montezuma . . 113 4 2 1 Ins Long & Capps.-E. Jones 3 4
.... JennleMcOowan.llO 1 ... ... 3 1 2n B. Schreib^^.Buchanan 10 15
.... Honlton 110 2 1^ 81 W. O'B. Maedun'Rh. Bull 11-10 4-5
Temprano 110 3 41 4 3 O. Van Gorden.McCarty 10 SO
Dismay 110 5 5 1 5 6 Collins & Co Hoar 20 30
.Tom Mitchell ...110 « ... ... 6^61 G. P. McNeil.. A. Kelly 20 30
Len Reno ......110 7 7172 Dickey & Lindner Burlg 10 „<>
Estrellada 110 8 8 2 8 2 Baldwin & Co. ..McGinn b 10
Somenos 113 9 0 3 9 4 I. Josephs Conley t IK
The Owl ....113 10 10 10 J. Brearley Jackson V) 13
Time — li. :23% ; %, :36%. Good start. "vVon first three driving. Winner. Long & Capps*
b c. by Montana-Gypsy Girl. ¦Winner best. Jones had to take him up at head oC
stretch and come on the outside of Jennie McGowan. Honiton is a fine looking fllly. Jen
nie McGowan a quick breaker and fast. Len RenowUl improve^ - w -^-^^ J ->_^.^-^
3080. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs: selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325.
~1 ; r ~j i : ~T 1 BetUnir.
Index Horao. and -WTelght. St. U. %. 'Etr. Kla. I Owner and Jockey. J Op. CL
3057 The Giver 110 3 32 22 121n Elmwood Farm.. Ransch 8-5 9-5
3043 Hainault 107 1 11 13 2 2 • 2 10 F\ W. Doss. . .Buchanan 5 lfi-5
3057 Lapidus .........107 2 2 l'i ."? % ."! 4 3 10 Jennings & Co..J. Woods 5-2 11-5
2963 Louwelsea 103 55 5 4543 O. XV. Baldwin.. Jackson 4 5
2119 Constable ...'. 104| 4 4 2 4 1 5 S Ezell & Lazarus..Birkrth|- 10O 100
Time — V t , :2iV,; %, :40; %. 1:14; 6%f, 1:21. Good start. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' br. c. by The Tiger-Miss Gift. Hainault under wraps for
a long piece. The Giver was not all in. Lapidus rated by Woods to splendid advantage.
He probably thought it sixteen and a half furlongs. Louwelsea nearly missed the train
altogether. _- ¦_ ¦_ ._¦ - . ¦ : _•¦-'•• -,,-,-, — ---— _ -^-^-^-^-^^-^-^^-^^-w-^-»-r.
3081^ FIFTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth; selling: four-year-olds and up: to first. $32">.
. I ' I -- I B«ttlajr.
Index I Horse, Age, We!ght.|St M. %. Str. Fla. Owner and Jockey. Opi : CL
-30.33 Cromwell, a..*... .117 1 11 -115J12 12 B. Pu»er Spencer 5-2 11-5
3070 Col. Ball'tyne, 4..112 5 51 41 22 25D. Wheellhan.... Jackson 7 8
3070 Castake, a 109 4 4n 5 % 34 3ft O. W. Boeseeke..Birkrth 4 5
(3(M>1) McNamara. 5.... 114 2 3 1 3n 41 42 Maerane & Co.. Bullman .". 5
S060 Aloha II, 5.. 109 32^2^ 5^ 51 Jones & Ca...J. Woods 5 S
3070 Sylvan Lass, 6. .,107 6 6 % S «1 Kl John Kane ....Prior 8 «
3053 Quibo. 4 110 88 7^73 78 Evans & Price. -Mounce 6 10
! 3054 Romany. 6 100 7 7 2 6 18 « Liberty Stable. . .McGinn , 15-50
Time— M, :25V4 : Vt. :50%; %, 1:16%; mUe, 1:42^: 1 l-16m, 1:49. Good start. Won" easily.
Second, and third driving. Winner, E. W.. Purser's ch. h. by St. Blaise -Flavlna. Just as
he became one of "the fringe of society" Cromwell Joins the ranks -of th« front runner?.
Castake bothered some early In the game. Aloha II gave up ths ghost. Prior on Sylvan
Lass found more empty pockets than a Chicago crook. Quibo caught by barrier. McNa
mara backed away back. Scratched— Gawaine lOi. Gold Baron, 109, Mont Eagle 114. Els*
stein 109. _
30S2. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selilni; maiden three-year-olds; to first, $323.
I ~~~ I "~ I ] I B«ttla*r"
Index IHorse and Weight.1St. %.' %. Str. Fla. I Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
3O4S Montana Peeress..lO7 4 & V, Z XI, 1 V, 1 l\i Chlnn & Foray th.. Bums 6^5 <T»
3048 Knockings 107 1 4 4 "i 3 i, 22 C. Earl & Co Hear 5 7
3023 Dwlght Way 110 9. 5h, 6 2 41 32 B. McSherry Mounce 4 18-5
8048 Wandering Boy.. 109 2 31 3 1 2h 4 3 La Siesta Ranch.. Howsn CO 60
8048 Claudator 113 88^74 74 52 Elmwood Farm Jone* 8 12
3041 Tibs 107 79 10 82 81 «2 McDonald & Dunlap.. See SO 40
2497 Dan Collins 109 5 2 1 2 % 5 V, 7 2 W. L. Stanfleld.. Jackson 6 4
3O48 Angeleno - 112 6 71 »10.9 15 8« Baldwin A Co... McGinn 6 12
3041 Meteoro " 107 3 1 % 1 % 6 1 » 25 J. F. Stewart... J. Daly «0 20
Willows Girl 10S10 10 10 10 10 B. A. Chllson Prior 20 30
Time— U. :25; %, :40*i; *i, 1:16. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Wln
ner. Chinn & Forsythe's b. f. by .Montana-The Peeress. Peeress much the best, for sha
was cut oft half a dozen times. Knockings ran her race. Wandering Boy quit whila gal
loping:. . • Dan Collins had worked like a powerful good horse and his race was a disap
- polntment. .
Continued From Page One.
So interested are the Chinese in the
matter that they purpose erecting a Joss
house in honor of Dr. Wong Woo. They
consider him a second Aesculapius, ' and
have been showering honors upon him for
some time. Lew Fook. according to re
ports, can go back to his business without
further fear of molestation. Dr. Wong
Woo has apparently solved one of the
problems of the highbinder war.
Dr. Wong T/oo triumphantly exhibits
the poultice-extracted bullet as a proof of
his skill. Foo Que Lee and Jo Due, who
were shot at the same time, also came
under the doctor's ministrations and were
cured by the same methods.
He came to me with four .wounds in hia
body. One of them was very dangerous. It
was in the same spot where McKinley was
shot. The doctors out at the City Hall could
not find the bullet. I put a plaster on it, and
two days after the bullet came out. Now he
is entirely well. Once before, in Sebastopol.
I had a similar case. Jew Wan How was shot
in the back and his case was given up by the
local physicians. . I put on my plaster and
pulled him through. At the same time How
Lue was shot in the ankle, and the bone was
shattered; now ha walks as well as ever he did.
My plaster found the bullet, Lee Fook,,. Jew
Wall How and How Lue are well men.
cures him of his injuries is considered far
above the ordinary. Dr. Wong Woo tells
a peculiar story, original in its Oriental
flavorings, as to the way he cured Lew
Fook of his wounds. He said:
GOLD CHEERS
THE DEPOSITORS
ing night. The other is Dr.
Wong Woo., 764 Clay street, who, after a
futile operation had been performed at
the Central Emergency Hospital, located
and extracted the bullet that perforated
Lew Fook's stomach. Dr. Wong Woo
brought him back to health and strength
and is dividing the honors with the in
jured man.
Lew Fook's condition was considered bo
serious that his dying statement was
taken by the police. He was for a long
time considered one of the most desirable
marks for highbinder bullets in China
town, as he was the proprietor of one of
the most prosperous gambling games in
that quarter. He was attacked that night
in 4he club at 104 Waverly place and shot
four times. Some of his wounds were
superficial, hut the most dangerous
wound was In the stomach.
This wound is what gives Lew Fook
his prominence. When a Chinese high
binder is shot at once, though his wounds
may be many, his life is sacred there
after. If he lives through the ordeal, none
there is who may do him harm.
At the came time the medicine man who
CHINATOWN has two new idols*.
One is 'Lew Fook. whom the high
binders of the Ping King Tong
tried to murder on Thanksgiv-
Albert Champion made a ' new . world's
Indoor record for the mile, doing the dis
tance.in" 1:26 2-3.' two-flftha of a. second
better than the previous figure. '
McFarland and Maya, McLean and But
ler, Munro and Freeman, Gougoltz and
Simar, Leander and Rutz, King and Sani
uelson, 804.3; Fischer and Chevalier, 804.1;
Krebs and Keegan, 804; Muller and Jaak,
803.6.
BOSTON, Jan. 2.-In the six-day bicycle
race seme of the best racing of the week
was witnessed to-night. Each of the six
leading teams contributed to the excite
ment. The pace was fierce, but not one
of the leaders was able to score on any
other than the tail-enders.
Bicycle Riders Still Toiling.
VICTIM OP A RECENT HIGHBINDER FEUD WHOSE RECOVERY JTS
THE TALK OF CHINATOWN AND THE DOCTOR WHO PER
FORMED A PECULIAR AND SUCCESSFUL OPERATION.
MUST WAIT UNTIL HEXT WEDKESflAY
Thomas Galvinu bartender, and Anita
Clark, charged -vith robbing Mrs. JC. J.
Poote in ber apartments at the Elysium,
56S Geary street, «arly Sunday morning,
appeared before Jtadge Mogan yesterday
morning. They were Instructed as to their
rights and by consent the case was con
tinued till January 7, when it Is expected
Mrs. Foote will be a/jle to appear in court.
The woman, who is out on $1000 cash bail,
was represented by ex-Judge Ferral and
Calvin by Attorney C. Kagle.
Alleged Bobbers in Court.
MONEY TO AID
CONSUMPTIVES
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles, oell
ing: three-year-olds and upward:
Fifth race — Seven furlones, selling; four
year-olds and upward : ...
3034 Tizona 100 Pacemaker . ..112
(o049)Cuban Girl... 104 3046 Cougar ..113
. 297fl The Hoodoo... 102 3033 Grand Sach'm.107
(2i)74)Katie Walc't..l0r» (3029)Quiz II 106
8064 P. MorriBsey..l09 2901 Flamero ......100
3060 Ullca 105 3036 Kins Dell Is . . . 112
Fourth race — Six furlongs, San Pedro Handi
cap; three-year-olds and upward:
2761 Rey Dare 10«[(3075)Matt Hogan. .105
(3069)Prns. Titania.l0l|(305S)Byron Rose. ..109
Track Notes.
Birkenruth piloted the first two winners.
Louis Ezell's rider is slowly regaining his
old form.
In a recent copy of the Louisville Post
an article states the reason Willie Apple
gate'retired from the' San Francisco
"game" was because. the books wouldn't
take his- money. * As he quit about $20,000
loser it 1 seems some few of them must
have obliged Willie, or else an indulgent
public must have assembled in healthy
numbers behind, his stand after each race.
Willie Buchanan was unfortunate in be
ing second' in three different close 'fin
ishes. . ' '
Before he went to Montana last spring
Prior, who piloted Sylvan Lass, could ride
a creditable race. ' Grappling • irons, . it is
said, were in general use , up fn that
country, -but it is- to-be hoped Prior, did
not acquire the habit of using them. , ;
When Eddie Jones landed. Montezuma a
nose in front of Jennie McGowan it mark
ed his first winning mount at the meeting.
1 Following are the entries for- this after
noon's events: .- -~ -r. =s. ..-¦• - - -
First race — One mile and seventy yards, sell
ing; f cur- year-olds. and upward:
aOCONilgar 131 SOfiO Helen Smith.. 114
3055 El Mido 126 :iO64 Koenig 12G
.'S049 Lost Girl 129 S029 Intrada 114
.-J050 Free Lance... 134 0076 Kaataine .....124
30T0E1 Fonse 126
Second race — Six furlongs," selling; four-year
olds and upward:
2664 Cath. Bravo. .102 3059 Carilee 102
fcOlO Bill Bohm'sn.104 i949 Invlctus .104
.'iO4O Chappie 107 3008 Bard Burns.. .109
atiOOH. Thatcher.. 106 2850 Scallywag ...104
2572 William F.... 107 Sea Lion 114
3062 Finch 107 3075 Saul of Tar'8.107
3003 Ned Dennis. . .107
Third race — Futurity course, selllnc; .three
year-cms :
(3065)Torso Maid. ..108 3017 Dr. Scharfr...ll4
2942 Colonial Girl. 103 S057 Bragg .......lit
(<5048)Bassenzo ....111 S035 Tyranus .....111
80C5 Nonie ... 109 3035 Dandy 114
(S0«7)Ishtar 109 3067 Phyllis 109
3073 Legal Maxim. Ill (3024)Huachuc& 114
The Board of Fire Commissioners, act
ing on the recommendation of Chief Sul
livan, decided at yesterday's meeting to
sbolish the whistles which have hitherto
announced the breaking out of-fires. The
jiew order goes Into effect on Monday.
The pioneer bell, which for so many
years pealed forth its alarm from the old
<;ity Hall and later from Brenham place,
and the bell at Sixteenth and FoLsora
streets are not to be silenced.
Fire Wnistles Are Silenced.
Rabbi Meyers Lectures.
Yesterday afternoon before the Council
of Jewish Women in the vestry room of
Temple EimrJiu-El a lecture on "The
Jewish Woman" was delivered by Rabbi
Isidore Myers. In the course of the lec
ture he contrasted the degraded condi
tion of women arming other races of an
tiquity and the exalted position that
¦women occupied in the Jewish race both
in biblical times and more especially
during the several centuries of rabbinical
development. He said that the Jewish
v.oman was invested by the rabbis with
the holiest of missions— the mission of
love. He pointed out her rights and
duties as a wife, as a. mother, as the
angel of charity and as the' priestess of
her home. Woman was spoken of by the
rabbis in terms of the greatest tender
ness, gracefulness and purity- AVomen
like angels were made the messengers of
peace and love, of the subllmest thought
mid the noblest sentiments. Every age,
according to the rabbis, can only be re
generated through tbe influence of its
noble women. The founder of the Greek
race was said to have been saved by a
Koat. The founder of the Roman nation
was saved by a she wolf. Moses, the
founder of the Jewish nation, was saved
hy his mother. The preservation of the
Jewish race during many centuries of
persecution is chiefly due to the devotion
of the Jewish woman to her God, to her
husband, to her children and to her home,
which she kept pure and godly and con
verted Into a sanctuary.
Open stake, 78 entries— Kelly & Hanley's
Naughty Girl vs. J. Lamont's Wee Waves; J.
H. McNeil's Black Hawk vs. J? Carroll's Mas
ter Clair; P. Doyle's Liberator vs. E. Neave's
First .Foot; E. Shorstag's Crawford Lass vs.
H. Lynch's Lilac; Pasha Kennels' Regal At
tire vs. P. M. Clarkson's Sofala; J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells vs. W. Cairn's Imperial; P. J.-
Sweeney's Cottage Lass vs. J. Shea's Slim; F.
Rosenberger's Master Ely vs. D. J. Healey's
Fine Form; W. C. 4e B. Lopez's Sara .vs. H.
Lynch's Black Bart: T. Cox's Crockett Hill
vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; P. Steinhoff's Veto
vs. W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick; Pasha Ken
nels' Fiery Face va. J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser;
E. Geary's -Roy Hughte vs. G. Shannan's Sir
Pasha; W. H. Robinson's- Rosle Freedom va.
S. A. Smith's Petronius; L. S. Barre's Amedee
vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat; C. O.
Peterson's Lady Nellie vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist; J. Hurley's Gramercy vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Olita; F. Rosenberger's My Nell vs.
J. H.Perigro's Pennegrant; G. Sbarman'g Chi
cago Boy vs. D. J. Healey's Elista; E- Neave's
"Wedding Bella vs. Pasha Kennels' Rocker; J.
Shea's Shadow vs. D. ; Dillon's Europa; E.
Reddy's Full Moon vs. J. J. Keenan's Dread
Not; J. W. Bonner's Wild Nora vs. C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard; D. Henry's Alice Louise
\-s. L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy; M. R. Farkin
bon's Ben Lomond vs. G. Nethercott's Red
Rock; G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick vs. G.
Sharman's St. Ives; T. J. Cronln's Tralee Boy
.vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle; G. Nethercott's
Freda Civs. P. Doyle's Thelma; Pasha Ken
nels' Real Article vs. B. ' Geary's Fannie
Hughie; W. Cairn's Gold Ore vs. - O. Zahl's
Miss Wilson; E. Geary's America vs. CO.
Peterson's Silver Cloud; E. Neave's Spiteful
vf. J. M. Halton's May Hempstead; E. Geary's
Minnie Sankey vs. G. Sharman's Royal Flush:
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist vs. E. Neave's
Strayaway;" D. J. Franz's. Dorothy M vs. G.
Graham's Lady Newark;' G. Shannan's Black
mush vs. Pasha Kennels'. Rich Argosy; J. \V.
Fay's October Lad vs. J. Dowltng's Sir Law
rence; A. Vanderwhlte's Lear King vs. J.
Hurley** Living- Picture; H. H. Gray's Rona
vs. P. ! M. Clarkson's Prompto. .-:
Annual Inaugural Stakes, 14 entries — Sterl
• & Knowles 1 Cold Shivers vs. • G. Sbarman's
Little Sister; I>. J. Healey's Tapioca vs. O.
Zahl's Homer Boy; J. Markland's The Grafter
vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete; A. R. Cur
tis' Anchor vs. F. Jones' Wedgewood ; , A. R.
Curtis' Rector vs. A. R. Curtis 1 Charta; Sterl
¦&¦ Knowles' Freeze Out vs. T. J. Cronln's Van
dal; D. J. Healey's Tiburon vs. F. Jones' Har
lean Gladys: . . ¦ •
The most notable absentee will be Eu
gene Geary's great dog Palo Altp. While
in training some days since he saw a fox
terrier romping about the cliffs near
Colma, He dashed after him and . went
headlong over* the cliff and down to the
beach, some 200 feet below.' One of his
toes was' broken and he sustained other
injuries which will i cause his retirement
from the coursing field for some time.
The "inaugural" will be run in its en
tirety Sunday. On Saturday a seventy
eight dog open stake will be run down
once. The draw resulted as follows:
The third- annual "renewal of the In
augural stakes for greyhounds will be
held at Union Coursing Park next Sun
day. Rector, Anchor) Wedgewood, Little
Sister and other fast ones will strive for
the first prize of $200. The stake, closed
with fourteen entries. . " " : ¦-¦'.':
PASADENA, Jan. 2.— Left Guard "Ted
dy" Roosevelt of the Stafford football
team and Left Tackle William Traeger
are confined to their beds at the Hotel
Green to-night. Roosevelt was found to
have sustained a fracture of his left leg
and had two ribs broken in the game of
yesterday. He played on. without saying
anything about it.
To-night he has a. high fever, the result
of attending the Glee Club concert on
crutches when he saould have been in bed.
Traeger, with several ligaments in his
shoulder broken, did the same. He is not
expected to be out for five weeks. Roose
velt will be confined to his room for two
months.
Champion Palo Alto Is Se
verely Injured in
Traininsr
Traeger Another Victim of
the Contest With
Michigan.
Old Cromwell, rehabilitated and endow
ed temporarily i with the speed of a two
year-old, led from start to finish In the
mile and a sixteenth number. Spencer had
the mount, and the aged St. Blaise horse
finished two lengths ahead of Col. Bal
lantyne at the wire. McNamara lost the
show to Castake.
After, being cut off repeatedly, Montana
Peeress finally turned in winner of the
six furlong ... run for maiden three-year
olds. Tommy Burns rode the filly, which
finally downed Knockings without effort.
Five promising three-year-oJds lined up
in. the six and a half furlong selling run.
The Giver closing favorite over Lapidus.
Hainault, ridden by Buchanan, ran out
in the lead under wraps to the stretch,
where Ransch brought v The Giver along,
winning cleverly by a neck. The show
went . to Lapidus. ¦ .
. Birkenruth met with further success in
the race following. He had the mount on
Parsifal, a mild choice in the ring, and.
driving hard, downed Marineuse a head.
The latter, with Katherine Ennis, cut out
the running. Pencil Me, Rasp and Wil
liam Boyer all had a following. j
Two-thirds of the calculators figured
that betting coin on Schwarzwald, fa
vorite for the introductory maiden three
year-old sprint, was just like hanging
one's hat on a rack. Bullman did get
him to show some early speed, but could
not carry it very far. The winner turned
up in Torila, a ,7 to 1 shot, which won
cleverly from Sir Claua and King Herald.
¦This was one of the few races on which
the. books got the money., As both the
attendance and the betting were light, the
ring did not suffer to • any great extent
because of the win of four favorites.
was made the medium of quite a
plunge. She Is a stylish Miss, owned by
W. O'B. Macdonough and her paternal
parent is Ormonde, "the horse of the
century.'.V "Curly" Shields, one of the
best of Western -trainers, had the filly
looking "fit as a fiddle" and if fast trials
count for anything, there seemed to be
no reason why her" odds should, not ' be
forced down. The 6 to 5 laid at first
looked . ripe, • because none of the other
starters were supposed to be of much ac
count. Everything went well with Honi
ton at the post, but Montezuma and Jen
nie McGowaii outfooted her home*, the trio
furnishing a pretty nose and neck finish.
Montezuma, the winner, was handled by
Eddie Jones, and is a son of Montana and
Gypsy Girl. .
A TWO-YEAR-OLD filly named
Honlton, which started In the sec
ond "baby" event of the season,
decided - at Oakland yesterday.
Stanford Player Breaks
a Leg but Stays in
the Game.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
First Important Stake
Event of the
Season.
Eddie Jones Pilots His First Winner at the Meeting- -Parsifal lakes
a Purse— Montezuma Quite a Speedy Youngster— Hainault
Beaten by the Giver— Four Choices Run First at Oakland
FOOTBALL MEN
ARE INJURED
FAST COURSERS
IN "INAUGURAL"
HONITON, A DAUGHTER OF ORMONDE,
IS PLUNGED ON AND RUNS THIRD
Lew Fook,' Laid Low by Bullets From a
Murderous Highb'nder's Gun, Is Saved
From Death by Ingenuity of 'Dr. Woo
PATIENT AND DOCTOR
ARE CHINATOWN IDOLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JMUARY 3, 1902,
4
Specialists
Omen
lfeg£> £ trie tly Reliable.
The Largest Prac-
\T \wi/7> tice on th « Pa-
\\ \il l y/ // ciiic Coast.
THERE IS NO SUCH COXDITIOX A3
weakness In a man under flf ty years of
*se, other than general debility. Prematur*-
ness, loss of vitality, etc., are but «ymptoms
of some damage to the reproductive system.
caused by a contracted disorder or early dis-
sipation. In looking for the location of this
Carnage we generally find an enlarged, swollou
and inflamed prostate eland. As this eland Is
tho very center of the reproductive system It
can readily be understood that Inflammation o'
It must cause disordered function. These cases
are promptly benefited by proper treatment-
otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse.
The essential point In all pf them is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble In
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessful v
treated for a weakness and becoma discour-
aged, when if an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted Instead of tonics < Z
cure would have been the result. In our ex*
perience there Is no drug In the pharmacmBii
taken into the stomach, that win even ft
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment i\
entirely a local one and prompt results are ohf
talned. as indicated by V Increa/ed circ"at?on
and return of natural vigor.. Our colored chart
:^%^rto«fe
Contracted Blood Disease
Cured by the Injection Treatment.
After ten years' use of this method we h«w«
treated who have married anTsuff^d n£o «*
short time, tht .tomach is not <r?u«e?«nd »h!
Dr. Talcott & Co., 997 Market Sh t ,Gor. 6tiCaptain Bolles Sick.
. Captain O. F.Bolles/ United, States Lo
cal v Inspector. 'of- Steam .Vessels,'; is con
fined to his : home byislckness. . , ~ ;
The Ohio Society of California will hold
a; 9ocial*: in '¦ Native Sons' -Hall ' this : even
inV«VAn<excellent"musical programme has
been i prepared -and. refreshments will.: be
served < to the invited guests. . During • the
intermission a promenade. will be indulged
in:byithose .who attend. •
Ohio Society's Social.
: The Seattle" Hardware Company yester
day \ filed ¦; a'f suit ,V for ; $1798 59 •;• due ; oh'i a
promissory : note by the < firin|bf
Barnesbn & ; Chilcott, a - shipping i'firit/'sbf
Seattle,"; oh 1 January : 24," 1899. Judgmen: is
also asked for $423 22 interest and $200 if or
attorneys' fees. ¦ J . "
Seattle Firm Sued.
The California- State ; Floral \ Society ; has
already [¦: commenced ¦ ¦ preparations I tori a
spring exhibltioh'in.the nave of the Ferry
building on Thursday, Friday and Satur
day,' May 8, 9 and 10. It is expected ' that
the -show.iwlll exceed iinibeauty, variety
and - arrangement £; any. ' that has hitherto
been given '. byt.the - society. - Medals, di
plomas,' certificates of honor, societv rib
bons and cash re wards, will be given. \
Spring Floral Exhibition.
. . The t case • of William Clark, a stranger,
who is ill at the Central Emergency, Hos
pital, is .puzzling tli-3 physicians. ,; The
man's memory to all appearance has
completely . failed ' him. He can give . no
account \ of i his existence previous to hi3
entrance Into tha hospital, nor can he tell
who he is. The physicians ; are at a loss
whether- to send iim to an insane asylum
or 4 to J the * County Hospital for. medical
observation. The first that, the police saw
of ' Clark •' was when he came. to , the Hall
of Justice on New Year" h eve and acted
in ¦ a i peculiar manner. - His ¦ speech was
incoherent and hfe gesticulated in a wild
manner. -From the Hall of Justice he
.was sent to. the hospital. : . ,
His Memory Has I#ap'sed.
¦ The following; subscriptions have been
received: JMrs.~ E. Martin, $100 ;, John Ro
senfeld, $100; Colonel Charles >H.'-.-Mur
phy,' $50. -¦': '.,•••'. : -'«;... ! ¦'. •. V.-"
On' June 23,"*ltt01, the ground for "this i monu
ment *. was . broken * by * President William ¦ Mc-
Ktnley.;' >'.<.- '?i- ? ¦';¦"¦' /¦\ ; " : ;.. ..'.:--: . :; "•>•'.
In a lower. panel will be inscribed:
Erected by 'the citizens of .San Francisco .in
commemoration of .the .victory of the American
navy under Commodore George Dewey, at . Ma
nila ; Bay, May 1. 1893.- ;,-•;'.". ' . -. ; •• ¦. ¦ ' . : :
The Dewey monument I committee j met
yesterday In Mayor Phelan's office, those
present being Mayor. ;Phelan; ¦ Captain
Robert H. Fletcher, secretary; E. ."; B.
Pond, treasurer; Joseph D. Grant, F. ' W.
Van Sicklen, Colonel. C.'H. Murphy; New
ton J: Tharp, architect", and W. G." StafV
The treasurer reported ¦' that r $31,046 50
had been collected and>placed at interest
in the savings banks. > Contracts have
been let aggregating- $29,000, which. will
complete 'the granite . shaft '- ninety-eight
feet high and include the eight-foot fig
ure of • victory .which is now beingi.de
signed by. Robert I. Aiken. It is expected
that the monument j will be ready, ¦ to un
veil in about four months. •' .: ¦ ¦ /. -,
In addition' to plans already outlined It
Is proposed * to embellistt *' the '• base r with
four buttresses, designed to: carry bronze,
figures- illustrating .naval subjects. These
will require $12,000 additional, which- the
committee has started out ' to raise. ; Cer
tain '.; subscriptions have • , been promised
and they will, now be. collected. \ v «J&.s
One panel on the base .will be inscribed
as follows r : '..."•.- ¦¦•'¦..'¦
tional Funds to Further Em
bellish Base; ' V
Committee" Proposes to Raise Addi-
Pierce cam e to , the ¦ city, : last night and
notified the police of his loss. 1 Detectives
were at once detailed to find the boy, as it
is believed he came at once in this direc
tion; Pierce • does -'not -know 'the- boy's
name, except that he called himself "Ed
die.'.'-He was able to give a good descrip
tion of the boy to the police.'. . , :
1 , On Monday last Pierce was called away,
to- this: city and' the boy. was: left In
charge of the place. During Pierce's.ab
sence *the boy opened the. outer door of
the < safe . in ¦ the * saloon in • some '- manner
unknown' to Pierce. ¦' He. then procured a
jimmy • and succeeded ' in forcing the in
ner door.taking $300. therefrom.' The boy
did- not await Pierce's return, "j but left
after, committing the crime.' > ;
Harry Pierce, a saloon keeper at Colma,
is the victim of misplaced ' and
generosity. Some days ago a 1 boy ab'out
18 "years 'of, age applied to him for.some
thing, to- eat and a place to sleep, agree
ing to do such work in ; return , for his
meals 1 and accommodations as he -could
about the ; place. Pierce installed him ; in
his saloon as a sort of porter. " . :
DBWEY MONUMENT IS •
BEING BUILT BAPIDLY
Colma ; Saloon - Keeper
Sustains a Loss of
$300 in Gash.
BOY ROBS SAFE
OF BENEFACTOR
Captain Seymour intends to issue-cir
culars containing a description of Mar
ron to every Sheriff and Chief, of Police
intho country, -In the hope of getting a
trace of the missing man. ~ Captain Sey
mour does not believe that Marron was
murdered.
The missing shipping clerk Is described
as being 23 years of age, 5 feet 7 Inches In
height, ' wore a • dark . Fedora s hat . and a
black suit. Mrs. Marron cannot account
for j her J husband's ; disappearance. She
says that he . was not addicted to • drink
and was a model husband and father. She
strongly : believes • that .he is a victim of
foul play. .
Last night . Gibson reported ; to his su
perior officer that he had been : unable to
get the slightest trace of Marron. ,;
George H. - Marron," shipping clerk for
Sanborn, Vail & Co., is among the miss-
Ing, and his wife fears that he -has been
murdered. Marron was last seen Monday
afternoon. - He; left his • employers' - store
shortly after 12 o'clock and went to his
home at . 697 '. Fulton . street j for luncheon.
He seemed unusually happy, and after
kissing v his. wife : and baby, .- as . was his
usual custom, he left to return to the
store where he was employed. Since then
he has not been seen. , Distracted over
his disappearance, Mrs. Marron reported
the matter to Captain Seymour, who de
tailed Detective Tom Gibson to hunt for
the missing man. \ -. - '
Believes He Has Been
Murdered.
George Marron Missing and THa Wife
LEAVES HIS ., SOME AOT>
STRANGELY DISAPPEARS
The Commissioners also ¦ ordered | the
construction, of ' a footpath on the west
side of the great highway leading -to' the
cliff and beach. .Hitherto in entering the
park from the ocean side the pedestrians
have been in doubt as : to where to walk.
The only road, for a considerable distance
into tha park has had no footpath and
the pedestrians were kept continually
dodging horses, automobiles and bicycles.
The. board has found that the water. in
the valley from which the. park supply
has- been pumped is in danger, of being
exhausted. To augment the supply, the
Commissioners decided to erect "a wind-,
mill directly back of the .Government life
saving station on the beach, where it has
been found that a flow of 20,000 gallons of
fresh water an hour can.be obtained. ;
For the convenience of the tennis play
ers the board ordered four shower baths
to be built at the tennis courts.
The board decided to have a tunnel dug
on the north' side of the park similar to
the one leading from the terminus of the
Haight-street car line." This tunnel, will
enable the public to enter the grand
court without passing over the bridge,
which Is' usually crowded with vehicles. ¦..
At a meeting of the Park Commission
ers held yesterday afternoon it was" de
cided, after a thorough discussion, that
the condition of the exchequer at the
present time would not permit of an aqua
rium in Golden Gate Park. The Commis r
sioners, without exception, expressed
themselves as being in favor of an aqua
rium, but agreed that the construction
and equipment of a suitable structure
would require the expenditure of at least
$100,000, a sum. too great to be appropri
ated for such a project. ' • :
Park Commissioners Decide There Is
No Money to Throw to the
Fishes. .
funds will; not permit -
ESTABLISHING AQTJAB-IUM
COLONIAL BALL
FOR A BENEFIT
Washington Memorial
Association So
Decides.
One of the interesting social events of
the season will be a colonial ball given by
the local members of the George Wash
ington Memorial Association. At a meet
ing -of the State association in the Cen
tury Club building yesterday morning it
was decided to hold this ball some time In
February, the proceeds of which will go
toward" California's quota of $10,000.
. It is the intention to erect a memorial
building in .the new- national university
which will cost half a million dollars:
Sarah •£>.. Hamlin, the State chair
man, presided over . the meeting and
named committees to complete arrange
ments, ' fix the date for the ball and .- ap
point patronesses.
Hit Boy With a Stone.
Robert Anderson wa% sent to the County
Jail for six months by Judge Conlan yes
terday on a charge of battery. Christmas
day he threw a stone at Nicholas Evan
off. a boy living at 321 Pacific street, strik
ing him. on the. head. He was charged
with assault* with a deadly weapon, but
yesterday the charge was reduced to,bat
tery, on which he was convicted.
Will lecture at South Park.
Professor H. R. ¦ Falrclough of Stanford
University will deliver a lecture Friday
evening . at the South Park Settlement
on "Our Northern Neighbors." HI3
remarks will be illustrated by pictures
Of, .the scenery, life and . industrial
pursuits of the people of Canada. The
lecture will be free to all over. IS years of
age. .
Pictures and Frames.
We have received during December over
100 patterns of entirely Inew things in
moldings, which we have not had .time to
open until now. The Beauty. Originality
and Moderate Price of these moldings win
please , every one having Pictures to
frame. On sale after this date. Sanborn
Vail& Co., 741 Market street. •'
Belmont the Regular Nominee.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— Justice Scott of
the Supreme Court , to-day handed down
a decision declaring Perry Belmont to be
the regular Democratic nominee for Con
gress in the Seventh New York District.
Colonel Asa Bird Gardiner called on Can
didate Belmont this evening and assured
him of the support of Tammany Hall,
some of whose leaders had opposed him.
The regular committee of the First As
sembly District has decided to support
him and so have delegates from the regu
lar organization in the Second and Third
districts.
Bomb Story Is Denied.
ST. PETERSBURG^ Dec. 2.— The report
about the explosion of a bomb last night
under the balcony of the palace of the
Grand Duke Constantino at Kiev. Euro
pean Russia, proves upon investigation to
be entirely without foundation.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. Jan. 2.— The
most novel court which ever sat in Kan
sas convened in the library of the United
States penitentiary this afternoon for the
arraignment of the ringleaders of the mu
tiny of November 7. who are implicated
In the killing of Guard. J. B. Waldrupe.
Every person in the court, with but one
exception, was either a United States offi
cial or a prisoner wearing the stripes de
noting desperate characters.
The court convened at 3 p. m.,'with
United States Commissioner Bond on the
bench, Ed McKeever, assistant United
States Attorney, representing the Gov
ernment, with E. A. Prescott, deputy
marshal.
The mutineers, seventeen in number,
were brought in, each wearing the ball
and chain, and after a consultation of the
officers the following men were arraigned
on the charge of murder:"
Turner Barnes, Bob Clark, Frank
Thompson, Gilbert Mullin and Fred Rob
inson. Four others, who have not yet
been captured, are included in the
charges. • S
The warrants were served by Deputy
Marshal Prescott, and upon being ar
raigned each of the prisoners entered a
plea of not guilty. The trial. will be held
in the prison library at 3 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon. . / . -
Warden McClaughrey denies the re
ports sent out that guards are resigning
for fear of their lives.
Canal Prospects Brighten.
MANAGUA, Jan. 2.— The Congress of
Nicaragua assembled last night and Pres
ident Zelaya read his message, inform
ing the House of the signing of the pro
tocol regarding- leasing the proposed canal
route to the United States. The President
declared that the prospects of building
the canal were becoming brighter and
that the United States formally guaran
teed the sovereignty of Nicaragua.
PUEBI/O. Colo., Jan. 2.— In tha District
Court to-day Judge Dixon sentenced Lawrence
Hex. colored, to be hanged during the week
of April' 13. He was convicted of killing Wil
liajn White and Mrs. Lizzie Allie, both colored,
two months agro. This is the first death sen
tence passed since the restoration of capital
punishment in Colorado.
The Secretary of , War and Mrs. Root,
the Attorney General and Mrs. Knox, the
.Postmaster General and Mrs. Smith, the
Secretary of the interior and Mrs. Hitch
cock, the Secretary of Agriculture and
Miss Wilson, Senator McEnery, Senator
and Mrs. Hanna, Senator and Mrs. Scott,
Senator and Mrs. Dolliver, Senator and
Mrs.; Payne, Representative . and Mrs.
Grosvenor, Representative and Mrs. Hop
kins, Representative and Mrs. Dalzull,
Mr. and' Mrs. Charles S. Falrchlld. John
A. Kasson, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene A. Phil
bin, General Bradley T. Johnson, Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Cassatt, Mr. and Mrs. Douglas
Robinson Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Glfford Rich
ardson, Mr. and Mrs. William L. Laffan,
Mr. and Mrs. ' L. Z. Leiter, James K.
Grade, Mrs. H. S. . Beale, Miss Carew and
Miss Roosevelt.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The dinner to
the Cabinet, the first of the large formal
functions of the year at the White House,
was given by the . President and Mrs.
Roosevelt to-night. A large number, of
persons were invited to meet the mem
bers of the Cabinet, the guests including
Senators and Representatives in Con
gress and some friends of tne President.
The Marine Band furnished the music.
Those present, in addition to the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt, were: .
. Drouet wrung success out ; of the un-,
promising role of Armand. He gave a
rendering of the. part- conspicuous , for
cumulative power, passion, sympathy and
convincing quality. The part of Mons. l)u
valwas admirably sustained ,by, Carl
Ahrendt: H. S. Northrup was a slfflclenlly
vicious De Varville to receive the ac
knowledgement of hisses from the audi
ence: Charles Cherry was a charming Xel
low as Gaston; Mrs. E. A. Eberle gave a
good but rather comic valentiny of Mme.
Prudence;. Margaret- Moffatt as Nichctte
showed spirit and originality; Amy.Ric
ard did all that was necessary as Nanlne,
and Amy Rankin, a local light, was
Olympe. . - •
1 But her after success, as the repentant
Camille. more . particularly in the scene
with Armand's father— as purely, artistic
and pathetic bit of ' acting as has been
seen for a long day : on the local stage -
was Instant and unquestioned. After the
gambling scene, where Robert Drouet, as
Armand. shared honors with the star, the
curtain was lifted. again, and again to the
insistent demand of the delighted audi
ence, who succeeded at last in getting the
actors before the curtain -after a. little
matter of ten or twelve recalls. ..
Her first scene in "Camille" promised a
flat failure. Arch," gay, innocently allur
ing, she might have been ¦.: anything
rather than the creature she .was attempt
ing to depict. The canker in the charac
ter -was -not there,- the erotic- suggestion,
the subtle atmosphere of corruption that
Bernhardt suggested bo powerfully. It
is a constitutional lack. Miss Mannering
was not born that way. with that kind of
vision, that kind .of 'speech. It is out of
her. emotional gamut, . pitched out of her
compass, a foreign tongue to her. .
I A thing' or two does come our way now
and again, even if San j Francisco Is . at
the end of the , world to the . theatrical
manager. ;~ One came yesterday, in Mary
Mannering's first' adventure into the emo-,
tlonal ' domain of ."Camille." one of the
most Interesting 1 dramatic- experiments
that we have y^t had the, chance to see
tried here. The role, so far as was known
of . Miss • Manneringr's work, ; was | entirely
foreign to all her previous efforts, the
character, the whole atmosphere of the
play essentially, different- from anything
with which she had before been concerned.
A role essentially subtle, complex,, de
manding large emotional power, the tragic
note, 'the erotic key, ¦ was • not' the sort of
part' that one found it easy to flt Mis*
Mannerlng into. Even among her faithr
fuleet followers-^and the r Columbia was
full of them yesterday — there were I those
who prophesied failure • for, the young
.beauty who has taken the town by storm.
Xn© others, of course, were. ready; to bet
their. 1 best boots on her success In any
thing she attempted. ' :
It fell out, however; that both were right
— and ¦ wrong. . As far as a -woman with an
atmosphere as pure as a new-blown -rose
could suggest the Parisian cocotte, skilled'
in all the vicious arts of .unlawful allure
ment; sad, with .the horrible cynicism
born* of her dreadful knowledge; glad,
with a gayety sadder than' tears; and
strong in the frightful philosophy- her life
had taught. Just so far was Mary Man
nering successful as Camille: That is, not
very far, on that side of the character.
The repentant Camille Is another story,
for here Miss Mannering achieved' an un
qualified success. To. say that the actress
displayed strong emotional power, an easy
perfection of technique, a delicate finish,
restraint; naturalness, classic grace and,
more than all, an Irresistible pathos that
set men sniffing and women to sobbing
outright, this would be to mention only
the beginning- -of her accomplishment.
There is everything here for a Juliet, an
Imogene, • an. Ophelia, a Viola, and Miss
Mannerlng is wasting her sweetness' on
Janice 'Merediths and 'Camilles. True,
there is an infinite deal more of her ,in
"Camille" than in the other role, but
neither get the best that she has to give,
for it is infinitely too good. for either.
President Invites Guests to
. Meet the Nation's Lead
ing Statesmen.
Five of Them to Stand Trial
for Killing One of the
Guards.
Displays Strong Emotional
Power and Perfection of
Technique!
First of the Large For
mal Functions at the
r E v "White House.
Ringleaders of the Break
From Kansas Peniten
tiary Arraigned. >^
As Camille the Beautiful
Actress Achieves
Success.
MUTINEERS FACE
MURDER CHARGE
GIVES DINNER
TO THE CABINET
MANY MANNERING
AUGMENTS FAME
BOTH FACTIONS
CLAIM VICTORY
Contest for Leadership
of Ohio Legislature
Grows Tense.
Lines Are Now Drawn on
Old Question of Local
Option.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Jan. 2.— The contest
between Republican factions over the or
ganization of the Legislature is in doubt
so far as the House is concerned. Th3
claims of either faction would indicate
that one element is confident of Price
becoming Speaker and the other of Mc-
Kennon, but the efforts of both show that
there are yet "votes to get" by whomso
ever becomes Speaker. The list of un
pledged members haSj however, been re
duced to-day to a half dozen. These six
are said to have made no pledge* to either
fide, and it Is conceded that they hold the
balance of power.
There was much work done to-day from
the homes of Senator Hanna in Wash
ington. Senator Foraker in Cincinnati.
Congressman Dick in Akron. Congress
man Taylor in Columbiana and others,
especially at Toledo, where Representa
tive Denman is st'll considered by some
ts doubtful.
There was much communication with
all the counties In which doubtful mem
bers reside.
The most prominent arrival was that of
George B. Cox, the Cincinnati leader, who
Insists that he Is as "good a friend of
Senator Hanna as ever," but that he was
pledged to Price for Speaker before the
Junior Ohio Senator broke with Price and
that he is here now to do all he can for
Price.
The leadership of the antl-Hanna side
was conceded to Cox on his arrival.
It is claimed that the developments to
day indicate that Congressman Taylor of
the old McKinlev district will likely be
«m opponent of Congressman Dick for the
next Republican gubernatorial nomination
and that Taylor from his home Is work-
Ing as hard for Price as Dick is working
for McKir.r.cn.
The lines have been distinctly drawn
on the old question of local option. The
liQUor associations have representatives
here for Price and the Ohio Anti-Slater
League for McKlnnon. In the last Leg
islature Price opposed the Clark local op
tion bill and McKinnon supported It.
The Senate standing committees are se
lected by the Senators themselves and
the House committees are all named uy
the Sj>eakei\ ¦
VTAEHECGTOX. Jan. 2. — Stephen D. Fe6-
Fe-dfr. of Mississippi has been appointed as
statistician of the Department of Agriculture.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LLi FRIDAY, JANUARY; 3, 1902.
5
-THE vEMPOIUmff:; r f '; ." ¦ - THE"EMPOB,ITJM.- | THE EMPOBTTJM.
I to You I
I Not a mere hollow,; empty greeting, -we assure you. We are; going .'.to help "a great
I many -folks (if :they wilb letus .to; a happier year than any. they .have yet known.
* We are going to try to make your living expenses less than ever- — to . make your in-
S-! comebu^
$.'It is^large volume; of :business;that / makes profits for merchants in these days of keen
S^^mp^iJ^^^^Ojuj^n^s^inCT^e of business is largely due to the exact carrying
S' but of purprinted, and verbal promises.
I Our F*rst Offerings in 19Q2
AtfracfivG--Read -ffoa Hems.
I T&ifot* £3ff°eSS®& AffjfflSO&t M&Sfn Monthty SaBe of
I Two Days Oniy-Mday smd Saturday. Silk Remnants
if''- . Last Special Saie. ' 'Jl; • ** h« b«n nearly , 8 bc .weeks since our
I All of our: best styles of thi^' season's W*<&%£ ¦ l* st : silk rcmnant saIe bccausc of^
i colored;; all-wool tailor; dresses; (no &tXft^tT?$£ '«
i blacks), in the best shades 'of gray, t™ and ftncy Taffetas ' Ac r&i**?
$ rhixed,in all of the; most /fashionable A \ /// \ hck j*&**, gt^™* and &-audm«.
jf rlrifhc • ' .,'•;•- . -, , i>ra JF? ' lengths range from 1* to 6 yards. FVotn the
flf CIOUIS. ..;•¦ 1 • ... . ¦ . Lj fc&^V/ already reduced . remnant prices, to-day,
g $1.5.00 Dresses; Friday, and Saturday ... :.$9.95 ¦ 0k K \ ano-quarto* off.
and $1 8. 00 'Dresses; Friday and Saturday,'. ..'" ' i^\ ' a '• ' ~~^~?
I i2o^and'$22VDre\sVs; ! -Fr^ A Ourtains, 46 d Pair.
JC */2 5 and. $27 -Dresses; 'Friday and Saturday .$i& m 75^j$£^i\ : ' M\ An astonishing price for curtains, isn't it ? Yet
I $30.00 and and Saturday... v <MTu\ /l/i we «e going to idliomc good L.« Carains,
» • . .-:.; •• ¦ ¦-•: ••.••¦' j .,¦•-•¦ *OO tsn •¦ ViX*y- Uf I * V*** 1 ** other -white, or ecru, large
J^ ...... ..1 ... . .'. . ... '.'. . .'. . . ipjcZsGaOU fJ , f /^**"^to. l\l enough for all ordinary windows (5 yards by
J #35'Opand^ $40,00 'Dresses; 'Friday and Saturday. .';; - " s ""*v / \^ii 30 inches) — perhaps just the thing you want
it ¦ . .'¦... . ,-. . ;', i : . . . . ..'.'.. ; . ... ... .'.' $24.75 '''"' ' ' — *' * n Our ' as * lncnt or 'bathroom, at the cxtraor-
.. — — '"J •*'•*'" •••*••• '¦• """" _j^_ dinary special price, for Friday only, JRQf*
\ First 1902 Clothing Sale. WMMmB.
* Friday and Saturday One-Ouartor Off Match Box «»#»
y The most popular prices for Ready-to- Wear Clothing' are $15.00 for Men's china; to hang u P; large !^/(Z\
J Suits or Overcoats and $5.00 for Boys' ¦ Suits '¦¦ or Overcoats.. .For. these rze; are really worth /?&g i t~yfr\
«? prices we have had the leading manufacturing tailors of this country manu- 20c each. We bought &}&% ' -^^/\
% ¦• fectdre-for us "the. best that can be produced.: To~day and Satur- 12O i° of — if WkZ&'M
ft • - '- a- ¦ v • /- - . * IrlJr Jrjr maker at a big sacrifice, Vty] \l*A«^1l-ffi3f Jl
Jf day we offer you your ..: choice of any man's $15.00 SUit and a, the first special of ¦MWMflMl
•? . . or overcoat in the Clothing Department at one- y«r « the crockery will mmpl&l
$ quarter off. Also, any boy's $5.OO suit or over' Department must be a \ra£g&£#
| ooat at one-quarter off . G
* : /<^h\ /^^i^f^lfvK /$x\ Unframea Pictures
* <Q,'/^^ r/(W \ I Wvr^ M Almost Given Away.
& Ff [rt . r li**V^ I ' r"fl \ ' • V /j^V * '-" Some excellent Photogravures — more than TOO
* JWKS. A ' *&SA ' ' » \ii\ I if r\ i ¦' fMCzA" y diffcrsnt subjects— among which are The
£ 'fWT^i'y « T K vd K Jfil r v \ / •A' : '5oSX s vf a^" 3 ' The Qt y SweU ' Pa y ;n g *« M<se
v / \ Al^y \/\^[nyl I Wl=/ \r) p^\\ / ers> Th= ViIlage Weddin s; o;a, o:a
Jf If \ ' il ' V \"i v- 1 f Lr\l \f/ ' * \ .- Story, etc. Each photogravure nicely rnat-
«f V. j I J II i J I A ' il \ > ' * > [ r tcd m z ' mch matting, green, gray, white or
ft / D)=J . " I ' I L I I?..'. ll \>j , » ' \ cream; on Friday only at the 4Af%- %
£ _ f 11 \ p^ \y| jl ' great special price; each. . . . &*&&&
ifSs If I \ \ I *i I [f / Liquors To-day.
*C Jpe^Qr ||k«^»'' .. Lrl H,^'^ Port or Sherry Wine— Our regular 75c per
X W S^ 6 *^" gaHon quality; to-day .. . . . . . 55 O
X ¦'.•..." . - ¦ . ;".;';'¦' . <Q , - . . Geneva Gin — The imported, the large black
J . For. the Men. , For tha Boys. bottIcs ' Van Koo p & Son » bottfc « • • 85o
}? Single or Double^Breasted Sack Suits, Cutaway We guarantee every one of the $5.00 Suits to ™ l * S
J Frock Suits, and Prince Alberts in unfinished be absolutely alllwool and fast colors. All H ftS« Tt 1 *^ i? W5
£/ worsted, worsteds, Clay worsteds,^ tweeds. the new fin' and winter pattern, are rf>own "*ifv oof """botle '^da Bourboa « '^ u "
*.- - c?s*inieres and. fancy, worsteds— every suit .in thb very stylish and' complete assottment of Tat ,,'v filnL, Al» ' W f i 1 k " I
K >- lewed throughout with sHk, the finish equal -sizes for' boys 9 to 15 years of age. Price la f 0T ,° ln * tT Ait ~' Bcit of ]ocai »>na^. to-
ft.- to -custom-made. To-day and Saturday Friday and Saturday only . . . . $3.75 „ *¦'' ??' ' ' ' ' \ ' i ¦' ' ' B .Q°
ft only- . -. . . . ... $11.25 t ¦ '*?•***** Mercier Chimpagne — A choice, sparkling
£ The Overcoatt "come'in* aV lengths— and we The Overcoats for boys are forages 14 to 19 V**'* *" dOZe °' * 4 ' OO »
* show a full assortment of sizes. • Excellent years only. They come in light and dark p a n ht''' wu] t l' ' r^i' u'v 1
i quaUtie, of vicuna,, unfinished j worsted,,- mixtures/have velvet collars and are a most Fa " 1 ,[? ~ Good old
affency mixtures, and, Oxford grays.: To-day wonderful bargain at To-Day's and Saturday's ' " P *Z*2B
* and Saturday . ...'.-... . $11.25 Special Price ......... $3.75 ;
\ Groceries To- Day. Tennis Flannel. Men's Hosiery
K Butter— Choice firkin creamery Butter Do you need some good material for night ¦ Bargain PrtCBSm
$ will be sold by the pound to-day gowns, pajamas, or children's wear? " If so, . r*^ -<?I Men's fincy Hosiery;
g.. (Friday) only. ........ ja B '^"f/ -^ f^V .^ 1 wi]I V —W good omfity Maco yarn; m
:• • ¦¦ OlhL'**5C 5 ? 1I 1 d « lr /bI= flannelette, in dainty f^ V" 7 new combinations cf .tripe,,
I ......... ....2 ItiS -r**%* pmk and blue erTects; per yard. . %JU \ / ribbed from the ankle
g Pearlme-i-lb packages, to-day only. . . .^. . : , - - -, : ., > makifl a fcc£ -^
K •...-,• 3pkgs,25o Psari Buttons. S3 hose to w «r with low
$ Clairctte Soap— A household favorite; to-day l8oo cards o f purc wh i te Pearl Buttons ui 16, *£k\ 'hoes; a plusing novelty
tf only . ., . ... . .7 bars, 25C i% } 2 o, 22, and 24 lines; 2 dozen buttons on " S intIcmen ' s foot wsar t0
fg Corn — Best Western Sugar Corn; to-c'ay.. . . each card; is the first 1902 offering of the <"^s!§§£*^ s P ec ' aI1 - v !o^ on Ild3 J
t£ ...... '..;..' . . . 3 tins, 25C Notion Department, to-day only at the ¦ ° nIy ' S ' X trains
i? Victory Mush— A delicious and popular break- astonishing price, per card _ X*^^^^ fOf. . . --j
i fast food; to-day./. ..'.4 pkgs,25p ' ''¦'.' '••¦"-. • ''¦''' ''r ** G <~~*^ &MmiU
I £ Choi OO /©a— Uncolored Japan, English . „ ~"~~~"^ZT~ .
Breakfast : or Oolong, very fragrant, new S|mK $& ]^^_ ' fifl^ BB^,|fla j^i^^i^^'^^L JT^T^JSl Wl €1^ J$l9
anteewith each pound, and money back if ||;l p'l ji E§M S&& *. T1W^ *»l^u>^l R''tS3 S^^^l
I " ee ?7^ CI rT: j ; o ! d .^ <&-¦ Anvcnc^s Or^ivdclt Store. mi]^
,1 '•^"¦^^^JB^SJaj^S^JI^^Sfe^iii^^J^
T San Francisco. Friday. 3 January. 1902.- ¦ •
Arc you fitting
I Just as the furnishings of the home are generally accepted by the visitor as an index to the I
character and prosperity of the family, so are the furnishings of the office taken by the prospec- I
•live patron as a guide to the success or failure of the business man. A substantial, nicely fin-. I
ished desk of a modern design, together with well-built bookcases, chairs and filing cabinets, I
I backed up by a tasty carpet — all harmonizing in color and finish — cannot fail to create a favorable H
H impression on the mind of the possible customer. Compare such a well-equipped office with the 1
H one containing a ragged, worn-out carpet and shabby-looking, old-style furniture. H
g When you get ready to furnish your new office or to brighten up the old one, come to us. H
P Our department of office furniture has made quite a "hit" with business men, who have made |
U careful comparisons. of designs and values. The line includes a great variety of roll and flat top. |
|j desks, typewriter desks, revolving desk chairs, revolving and sectional bookcases, leather couches |
p and easy chairs, etc- In carpets, too, we are showing a number of patterns in Body Brussels that H
j are particularly adapted for use in offices. , ' ¦ H
Q Prices and descriptions of pieces in ab'ove picture are as follows: Roll top desk, built of oak,' D
p golden finish and measuring 60 inches long, 30 inches deep and 47 inches high. Contains every |
< convenience in the form of pigeonholes, drawers, etc. Price $30.00. ¦
; Tj-pewriter desk,. with roll top. Built of oak, golden finish, and measuring 21 inches wide, 24 |
1 inches deep and 44 inches high. Contains three drawers, and the surface for machine slides for-. . H
'A ward. A very practical desk for the stenographer and one that. takes us but little room in an of- H
= fice. Price $16.00. . ¦
; Revolving bookcase, built of oak, golden finish. Contains three shelves measuring 7^ inches I
\' \ deep and izfi inches long: bottom shelf is 12 inches high, two shelves above are 11 inches high; 1
total height is 50 inches. Very convenient for books of reference. Price $24.00. H
j Revolving chair accompanying large desk is oak. golden finish and of a very pleasing design. 1
The seat is of wood and the arms are just right to afford comfort, yet not interfering; with one's, |
freedom. The screw, aisc spring, permitting a reclining position, are extra strong. .; Price $7.00. ; §
Revolving chair accompanying typewriter desk is elm, golden finish. ;It has a strong spring \ |
a., j screw and wood seat. Particularly adapted to use at the typewriter, having high back, which is |
very restful. Price $4.00. /;¦;?: " / ; r'. I
" - ¦¦ ••¦ "B
I (Successors to California Furriituri2 Co.) 1
8 957 to 977 Market St, Opp. €olden Gate Ave. JA. Li. Farish, office deputy United
States Marshal, has returned from a va
cation spent on his ranch in Capay Val
ley much improved in health.
Byron Waters, formerly claims agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, but who is
now practicing law in Los Angeles, is* a
guest at the Occidental.
. Dr. George Ivancovlch. the well-known
medical practitioner of . Petaluma* Is
spending a few days at the Grand.
P. George. Gow, who owns a large in
terest in the Juniper mine, Is a guest at
the Palace. #
John F. Gardner, a capitalist of Los An
geles, Is among the arrivals at the Grand.
J. M. Williams, a mining man and ex
tensive stock raiser of Newman, is at the
Lick.
»Fred H. Bixby, owner of the Bixby
ranch, is at .the Palace, accompanied by
his wife.
Dr. W. G. Downing and wife of Sulsun
are guests at the Lick.
G. W. Crystal, a fruit grower of'Vaca
vllle, la at the Grand.
Thomas B. Bond, an attorney of Lake
port, is spending a few days at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Philippine tariff bill went through the House
after a few hours' debate, but it is said the Senators
are going, to use it to exercise their oratory on, and
the chances are they will keep it. on hand nearly all
winter.
The commercial editor- of a Boston paper in not
ing the trade conditions of that city says: "The in
nate resiliency of the market will soon develop into
kinetic buoyancy." It is just the same here, though
of course we would uot.^ay it that way .
Th« promptness with which the Panama Canal
Company reduced the price of their canal from
$109,000,000 to $40,000,000 ib a proof that they are
the kind of men who will not let a few dollars stand
in the way of a trade, and it is evident we have not
yet heard the last of them.
It is said Chauncey Depew went to France to get
married without taking with him .all the evidence
concerning his birth and a lot of other things which
French law requires, and at the last minute he found
his wedding blocked and had to apply, to the United
States Government to help him out.
Californians in New York.
"NEW YORK,. Jan. ; 2.— The following
Californians are In New York: "^ >
From San Francisco^-F. Balrd, A. M.
Smith, at the Grand Union ;.. Mrs. "•; G.vA.
Boyer, . W.\ A. ". Klrkpatrlck, at the Hol
land; W.-B. Clarke; at the" Morton; H. F.
Dodge, r T.M. : Ferguson, at the Imperial;
G.' Martin and wlf e, .W. , E. ) Pettes and
wife/ at the Navarre ; W. H. ; Snydam, a t
the Ashland; Hr A. Wahl, at the Astor. .
• From - L03 AngeleB-^-.W. Gregory, at the
Normandie; : Mrs.' ; Griffith, F." E. , Mack and
wife, v at ithe '. Earlington; J. <A; -Johnson,
at .the Park Avenue; J. P. Norton," at the
New, Amsterdam. • . ! .
t From Santa Barbara— L,. Dreyfus, at the
Victoria^ ji v ,
/From San v Jose— E. Haven, at the Astor.
-From Sacramento— S: W/ McKim, at the
Albert. •
A report from New York states that even at this
early date all staterooms, cabins and' other choice
places in the steamers between that city and Europe
are engaged for the early summer by persons eager
to get over in time for the corcfriation, so it will be
seen America will be well represented at the show.
At the present time Democracy has three military
men suggested as candidates for- the Presidency,
Dewey, Schley and Miles; but it is to be noted that
Mr. Bryan has resumed his activity and will deliver
speeches in various parts of the country during the
coming winter, so perhaps the colonel will save-his
party from the necessity of choosing between the
general and the admirals. - *
Judging by , his past record there -is every", reason
for expecting Palma to- lay the. foundations of Cuban
government firmly and justly.', 'He was. prominent in
Under any circumstances it is to be regretted that
the first contest in the island should have resulted in i
the withdrawal of one party before the election took
place. There is in it' an implied menace to appeal
from the ballot to the ' sword. V. So long as the United.
States troops remain in the island there is' no dan
ger: of such ah appeal; but t^ey .must be withdrawn
sooner or • later, and - it will; t^en behoove -the newly
elected President to see to jt that order is maintained
and any effort at civil, disturbance promptly sup
pressed. Palma enters, therefore, upon a difficult']
task, and merits American , sympathy in every- well
directed effort to accomplish ¦• ii with success.
] One of the curious features of the situation is that
the successful candidate has been living, in the
United States while the campaign was at its hottest
A New York dispatch announces that Palma was
seen on the night after the election "in his home in
Central Valley, N. Y.," and announced that his aim
as President of Cuba would be' to .strengthen the
pleasant relations that now exist between Cuba and
the United States. .It is somewhat surprising that
the successful candidate should have remained in this
country instead of going to Cuba to lead his follow
ing, particularly, as the opposition to him was based
upon the charge that he is more subject to "American
than to" Cuban influences. It would seem that he had
no doubt about ..the iesult, and it may be. there was
some truth in the charge of the. Maso party, that - the
election was fixed; beforehand and that for 'them to
take part in it would be a farce.
DISPATCHES from Cuba announce that in al
most, all election districts the Maso party
fulfilled their threat of ignoring. the election
and withdrew their candidates for Presidential and
Senatorial electors. The result .was a light vote arid
the overwhelming success of the party of Palma.
While, therefore, the formal election of the President
does not take place until next month, Cuba has vir
tually chosen her first chief magistrate and is about
to enter upon the experiment of self-government.
CUBA'S FIRST PRESIDENT.
A Philadelphia millionaire helped out the Christ
mas merriment in his set by giving a "Klondike
dinner." Everybody had to eat from tin plates and
drink from the bottle. It was, in fact, just -such a
dipner as none but a millionaire could afford to give,
and shows what a nice and economical thing it is to
be rich. .
Southern California has made effective use of "the
excellence r of her winter climate as a means of at
tracting settlers. San Francisco and the district
round the bay should follow the example. We have
never advertised as we should the advantages of the
winter climate of this \ section of the ' State, and as a
consequence we. do not receive anything like the win
ter travel: from the East [. that T : .we tshiould.M^The^
frolicsome ' spirit; of gayety that ; manifests, itself '- in'
this city every New Year's eve suggests -the possibil
ity of ; a carnival at this season which would rival "if
not eclipse the -Mardi . , Gras ifestiyities of New Or
leans; and it would doubtless- repay us well to unde>- ¦
take such- a celebration; Certainly .our • midwinter;
climate deserves more attention -than we give = it. ,
It is to note the success of festivals like
this. They serve. the double purpose" of providing a
joyous holiday for all who are in reach of them and
at the same time they demonstrate and advertise the
delights of our midwinter climate.; With ' each suc
cessive fete of the kind a new proof is given that it is
in California that nature -has provided the happiest
habitation for man. Here it is that < the soil yields
most 'to his labor and the climate is most propitious
to his enjoyment. . .
.'¦ The descriptions of the day and of the sports will
seerii to readers in the frozen East like a fairy tale of
tropic lands. The sky was clear, the air was warm,'
and while, there was nonsuch profusion of flowers .as
in former years, there were' still blossoms enough -of
all kinds to make the festival glov; with beauty sur
passing anything, the East sees even in the glory of
spring./^ •-.•,;': / r ''.„'": -.•"" '-' :
PASADENA has led off in the series of festivals
which will be held in various parts of Califor
nia during^the winter,; and has furnished the
country with ~ an illustration of what a New Year's
fete may be in this favored land ; of ours. The festi
val this year appears from reports to have been the
most successful of the kind that has yet been held in
that city, and affords evidence of the increasing popu
larity of the fete among all classes of residents and
of visitors. ' . .
MIDWINTER FESTIVALS.
Some of the ladies of the British aristocracy are
engaged in getting : out a sumptuous "Book ' of
Beauty." It is hardly necessary to say it is to be an
album of their portraits highly improved by skillful
artists.
If the vessel was lost T on Thanksgiving
day,' as stated by A. B. B., , November 25,
it could not have been in 1846, for In that
year; "thanksgiving ' day fell on the 26th,
but that: festival. fell on the 25th In No
vember, 1847. ¦"-¦¦¦• - - /
Another, friend of the department, CM.
H., writes: "The steamer wasthe Oregon
of the New: York and Fall River route.
She was lost on Fishers Island and many
lives i were lost. , > Daniel Webster arrived
in New York the day. before Thanksgiv
ing, 1847, on his ,way from Washington to
Marshfleld. He and a friend drove to the
wharf ., just : before the steamer , was to
leave. Webster remarked that there was
a : fearful storm- on and* his , friend with ;
difficulty persuaded him not to go on
board." '
Having formerly resided near Norwich I can
answer the query as to the steamer asked
about by C. F. F. The name of the ill-fated'
steamer was the Atlantic, commanded by Cap
tain Hllliard. She left Allyn's Point three
miles south of Norwich, on the arrival of the
train from Boston, via. Worcester, with pas
sengers for New York.~ The steamer left the
wharf at ; 10 o'clock at night, a very strong
gale from .the northwest .blowing. at the time.
Daniel Webster was one of the passengers on
j the i train from Boston, but . decided to remain
over until the next day. fearing that some dis
aster might occur. When the Atlantic ¦was
about five miles off New London light th«
steam ¦_ chest burst and she became- helpless;
both" anchors were let j go, but the steamer
dragged them during the night, owing to .the
heavy sea that was raging, and at' 9 o'clock
November" 25. .1846 (Thanksgiving day),' she
went upon the rocks at the. west end of Fish
er's; Island. ¦ But few of the, eighty: or more
passengers were saved. Captain Hilliard went
down with his vessel. .
THE l LOST STEAMER-C. F. P., City.
A friend of this- department, writing from
Mare Island and singing A. E. B., fur
nishes the . following in regard to the
steamer inquired about:
. STEWARDESS— Anxious, City. For a
position as stewardess on an ocean steam
ship file application at the office to which
belongs the steamer, on which you seek to
be employed. Accompany the application
with such recommendations as you pos
sess, together with statement of capacity
and experience, j \ V V^ *£
¦ VOTE ' FOR - GOVERNOR— J. E. S. ,
Largo, Cal. As sbon'as the official figures
on the vote "for candidates for Governor
of Massachusetts, Ohio and Iowa are re-'
ceived in Jhis city the same will be given
in this department in answer to- your
question. • 3 ' ' •" '"'• •".*
Mrs. Newlywed— What an idea! I
haven't told a soul about it except Mrs
Smith and Mrs. Brown, and I'm sure I
didn't overdraw the account a particle.—
Judge.
Mr. Newly wed— The cashier of the
'Steenth Ward Bank Informs me that you
have overdrawn your account.
"I've t)f ten thought of what an un
fortunate fellow Jonah was."
"How's that?"
"Why, if he had turned that whale
trick In the twentieth century he'd have
been in every soap advertisement in the
civilized world."— Denver Times.
Mrs. Crimson beak — Tes; and If you let
the barber put sa much of it dn your head
it will make your hair go, too.— Tonkera
Statesman.
Mr. Crlmsonbeak— Oil is usd to maka
machinery go, you know.
At the Ocean Beach Hotel: Friend—
"Howdy, colonel! Taken your morning
dip yet? Colonel Kaintuck (puzzled)—
"Dip? Ain't It usually called 'nip/ sab?**
—Puck. • . •
A strong guild of classicists yet holds its ground in
our universities, but the children of the people are
turning to the studies which increase the power of
man over nature, and not his knowledge of a dead
language and the blind staggering of the races that
thought in it and were without knowledge of the
physical universe of which they were a part
The useful man of these days does not patter Latin.
He is at work upon the dynamic problems which af
fect the welfare of the race. He has applied power
and has derived it from sources unknown in that age
when learning consisted in reading Virgil, Caesar and
the literature of the Augustan age in the original: .
Learning now has its best application in the study
of man and his needs. Compare our scientific agri
culture, with its analysis of soils, its breeding of
plants, its vegetable physiology and pathology, its
hybridizing, its adaptation of food to desired results,
with the bucolics, and the dependence of man upon
the practical is revealed.
Since" then practically the whole of physics has
been born, and its application to materialities is that
great body of applied science which distinguishes the
modern* world. . ' ' -V
Latin has been made a fetich because in the
middle ages, and long subsequently, to know it , was
accepted as evidence of great learning and accom
plishment . But when it was advanced to the head
ship of studies physics was practically unknown. At
that time the world had alchemy instead of- chemistry
and astrology instead of astronomy^ and the nobler
uses of mathematics were unknown.
t-x RESIDENT JORDAN, of Stanford has ex-
I — ' pressed the thoughts of many educators in de
«¦• moting Latin from the primacy it has too long
enjoyed in the curriculum of the schools and univer- j
sities. A knowledge of its grammatical structure
may be acquired, to serve as information upon its
derivatives incorporated into the English tongue, but
to make it the leading part of a scholastic course is '
to divert attention and take time from learning that
is far more important to the modern man or woman.
Dr. Jordan is himself in the front rank of American
scholars, but how small a part of his eminence is due
to his Latin! * '. ¦ . ' y * 'i:',
LATIN IN THE SCHOOLS.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
There are other seals of various shapes and sizes belong
ing to other imperial palaces, courts or pavilions, but the
above brief description, .suffices .to show the uses to which
they are put by the Empress Dowager. In fact, the Interest
in these seals does not He in the material of which they are
made (green-colored jadestone), but because they were the
personal property of the now famous Empress Dowager, Tze-
Hsi Tuan-Yu, etc., the present real ruler of China.
writing or painting a scroll she used thes© seals on It to show
where it was done. There Is another pair of similarly shaped
seals .belonging to the Lichinghslen Court, one of which has
dragons and the other phoenixes carved on the borders. As a
matter of fact, the phoenix is the special mark or crest of aa
Empress or Empress Dowager of the Chinese empire, while
the dragon is the mark of the Emperor. In the present case,
however, the Empress Dowager, having usurped, the reins of
government, arrogated to herself the prerogatives of the Em
peror, and • therefore she had dragons carved on the borders
of one of these seals of the Ldchinghsien Court. This makes
the pair of seals belonging to that court the most Interesting
of the whole lot of the Empress Dowager's seals, and will bo
a token -to succeeding generations of her usurpation and tha
reality of her power in the empire.
Of these jadestone seals the most beautifully carved are a
pair of rectangular-shaped ones" with phoenixes carved on the
borders, while the characters in the middle denote that they
belonged to the Yik'un Palace— that is. to say, when the Em
press Dowager happened to be in the Yik'un Palace while
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
. The seals in question are of different sizes, some square
and some rectangular, and the characters (ancient Chinese
seal characters) on them denote to what throne hall, pavilion
or kiosk In the palaces each belongs. 'It is a well known fact
that the Empress Dowager was very fond, of painting In water
colors and writing large characters, : some as much as a N foot
and a. half square in size, which she liked, to hang up in the
different palaces and imperial apartments as a proof of her
ability In this line, and which she Intended to be transmitted
to posterity. 'On each of these scrolls of paintings or writ
ten characters her Majesty pressed one of her own jadestone
seals to' show to the world that these scrolls were by her own
imperial hand. . '-^T.'*. :
AMONG, the many beautiful and unique specimens of
Chinese art taken from Peking since the fall of that
city, a unique one, owing- to there being no duplicates,
, is the Empress Dowager's set of jadestone seals, now
In Paris. ' . -
SOME OF THE IMPERIAL. SEALS THAT WERE PROPERTY OF THE ESIPRESS DOWAGER FOUN1> IN THE
• PEKING PALACES. THE CHARACTERS UPON THEM DENOTE TO WHAT THRONE HALL PAVILION Oft
KIOSK IN THE PALACE EACH BELONGED. ivf-i*- .
• Shortly after the principal foreign nations had
raised the rank of their representatives in this coun
try ; from 'Minister to Embassador theVe arose a
squabble over the question of precedence. Tom
Reed, who at .that time was 'Speaker of the House,
disposed of. his share ' irirthe fuss by saying that since
we had asked for the presence of the representatives
of royalty, we must concede to them the 7 precedence
to; which their dignity entitles them. "We cannot
have Embassadors," he said, "and treat , them like
Ministers." That seems to be the philosophy as well
as the etiquette 'of the subject. We cannot have a
brilliant^ capital on .a o'uli salary list. Congress, there
fore might as well put an end to the agony and pass
the salary bills. They will help to, reduce the % surplus
and to keep it from occurring again.
While . the names of the officials quoted are not
given it .is probable the stories are true. Washing
ton has ceased to be a simple country town where a
man with $8000 a year and perquisites could afford
to entertain his friends. It has become one of the
most extravagant and expensive capitals in the
world: No: matter how simple may be the ideas and
how frugal the habits of the man who goes to Wash
ington to :serve the Government, he soon gets I high
ideas. The s first time he meets* an Embassador he
feels that he .'must raise" his style of living to the Em
bassadoriai: level. The Cabinet officers are not the
only ones ; affected. ---The desire for; higher pay and
a larger life. runs all along, the line; The Senators^
for example, are; not asking for more pay directly^
but they are discussing a .scheme to get the Govern
ment to furnish each of them with. two committee
rooms. By and;by they will demand an official Sen
atorial residence with a salary to fit it."
It is stated that -the recent. resignations from, the
Cabinet have been due mainly to :the .inability .of 'the
resigning omciajs ; ;to any- longer ¦sacrifice their: pri
vate^ interests by continuing : in :public~omce at an
inadequate salary. ;' One ¦ Cabinet officer/ name ' not •
given, is reported to have said that , the rent of his
house in Washington is very nearly equal; to the en
tire! amount of his official salary. Another, who lives
in a more . modest way, is quoted as saying that a
fitting residence in the fashionable part of the capi
tal cannot be for less than $4000, and as his
salary -is but $8000 he cannot keep up the hospitality
required of his position without drav/ing on his pri
vate fortune. ' ¦
POR a long time past there has been- a strong
movement 'in Washington to bring about:, an
A ; increase in the salaries, .of the higher officials
of the -Government.. Bills/to'Uhat effectVhave been
repeatedly : introduced and this Congress! will have a
good -many of them to -deal .with. In fact the cam
paign of education ¦ on the part of the promoters - of
the movement has been under way ever since the as
sejnbling o f Congress, and several 'times a week
there 'emanates from Washington some sort of 'argu
ment : in favor of it. . :f>;v£^:' : .; :- : . i /:: .
OFFICIAL SALARIES. 7
Charles C. Dawes, former 1 Comptroller' of the Cur
rency, says that ithe -¦'next Presidential campaign will
bejfought on the .issue of "asset currency," so the
spell binders' might as well get^ in and begin to. study
ther subject so as to-be -able to illustrate ' it on the
stump with entertaining, anecdotes.
The United States does not own Cuba, but it does
own the Philippines and will maintain a tariff on
Philippine sugar. A policy thatjshuts out Philippine
sugar by a tariff and lets Cuban sugar, in free would
be a sight for gods and men, and would be matter
for hooting in a campaign.
Applying its misrepresentation of Mr. . Oxnard's
statement of conditions under the free sugar of the
McKinley bill, the junta says: "Cuba knocks at our
door asking help.- Why should it be denied? Have
we not assumed a protectorate over the island? Do
we not practically direct its government? Cuban in
terests are, ours, and w"e should deal with Cuba on a
basis of broad liberality commensurate with the
power and; generosity of this great republic. It is
for the United States to make or unmake Cuba. Per
petuation of the present raw sugar tariff on imports
from that island means its ruination. Should we ac
cept such responsibility? It is on record and beyond
j question that the domestic beet sugar industry, is a
' self-supporting and profitable enterprise without the
aid of Government protection." The "record" re
ferred to is what" Mr. Oxnard said about it when it
received a bounty of 2 cents a "pound;- the 'fact being
that beet sugar has never been. a single hour without
protection., either by tariff or bounty, so that there
is not one hour's experience to prove theassertion
of the junta that it is profitable without protection.
but lying is a vice.
While assailing Mr. Oxnard's consistency the junta
should tell the truth. Inconsistency may be 'a folly,
All of this is put out to allay the fears of American
sugar producers and in the hope that they will forget
that Mr. Oxnard's statement wasjaased on the fact
that while the McKinley bill admitted raw slgar free
it" also paid a bounty of 2 cents a pound on domestic
sugar, beet, cane and maple.
Some of these have decided to make a personal is
sue of Mr. Henry Oxnard, who has been and isj a
leading promoter of American beet sugar. It is not
necessary to defend the consistency of Mr. Oxnard's
statistics as a promoter and investor with his argu
ments against free trade in sugar. Nor is it necessary
to vindicate him as the beginning or the end^ot wis
dom on the subject. The farmers, who have felt the
relief of a new use. for their land, and the benefit of
a new crop more profitable than any of their former'
staples, have ideas on the subject which do not at all
depend on anything Mr. Oxnard has done or omitted.
Yet the junta seems to wish to go to trial on, the."
consistency of Mr. Oxnard. To this, end it is ex
pensively circulating a statement by him that, under
the McKinley bill, which admitted raw sugar free, the
lowest average price for sugar was 4 cents a pound,
being a reduction of 2.17 cents a pound from the ave
rage of the year before that law took effect. The
junta says: "But tint did not dismay Promoter Ox
nard a little bit. Indeed he went on to show how,
even at the free trade price, the beet men could pros
per amazingly. His experience. showed that^ conser
vatively estimated," beets would .yield 250 j pounds
granulated sugar per ton. This at 4 cents a pound
meant $10 a ton for. every ton of beets marketed. The
cost of the beets was $4 per ton, the cost of working •
them into sugar was $3 per ton. This would leave
a net profit of $3 per ton."
Seeing this, the Post enlists under the banner of
the junta and fights! he' battle of free trade from prin
ciple. Knowing its motive one . can easily respect its
tactical acuteness. But we may not respect, for that
or any other reason, other organs and agencies of the
junta. * . . ,
THE New York Evening Post, free trade, nat
urally supports the Cuban junta in its proposed
removal of protection from the^ American sugar
and tobacco growers. It would with 'equal energy
support free tin, plate glass, silk and the numerous
other articles which have -been domesticated in this
country by protection. . The free traders are wise in
their day and generation: . They .know' that the
strength of protection lies in- its support by the farm
ers of this country. Withdraw that and the -system
will" fall. : r They know, too, that the best way to turn
the farmers against protection is to deprive them of
it. When they are no longer in a system which can
justify itself only in', its equal application to agricul
ture and manufactures they will resent its use as a
means of extending. Government partiality and favor
to one class of industries at the expense of -another
class. • ... " . . , , •¦••¦¦¦',
IN^ERESWiNG ARE THE JADjE SEALS
OF THE CHINESE EMPRESS DOWAGER
the .struggles of the people- to throw off j the 5 yoke; of
Spain, heserved^with distinction as* a soldier! in what
is ibownj in the.. island, as the : ten :; years'" war," and
afterward was chosen President- of "the provisional
government. Taken prisoner by thY, Spaniards, he
refused to yield to the demand that he take the oath
of allegiance,^ declaring he; would die, if need be, as
President of the, republic of Cuba. . He has thus
given, proof fof^ his devotion, his energy and his"firm
n -, s , es . T h ? se wh o watched his course bear witness to
his. sagacity as a leader of -rnen and: as :an r adminis
tr tor ? of ; Public J; "affairs.''. He seems, therefore, to be
the best'man-the Cubans could, have chosen to be the
first --President of- their new republic.
OXNARD AND THE JUNTA.
FRIDAY. ..JANUARY. 3. 1002
JOHN Dj SPREGKELS, Proprietor.
Ittttt* AQ CemmtmlnUws bV,B. LEAEE, Mtctftr."
MAJVAGER'S OFFICE. ;. V. . . .Telephone Fr«is 204
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and TUtrd, 8. F.
Telephone P re us SOI. ', ,
EDITORIAL ROOMS . . .21T to 221 Sterenaon St.
Telephone Press 202. :
Dellrered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copl«*. B Cents.
Terms l»r Mall* Including: Fostngret
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday), one year..'. $«.00
DAILT CALL (including Sm-day),.« t-onths ....'...8.00
DAILY CALb (iscludlng Eunday), t months..............; 1.50
I5AIL.T CALJ*-By Single , Month 65o
SUNDAY CALU One Yw «... l.EO
TTEEKL.T CALU On* Tw. ....1.00
All »o*tnaJL>ter« rk authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample ccjrtes will be lorrrarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In crderlr.c change* of address «hould b«
particular to clve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In 'order
to t&rare a. prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE. ......... . . . .1118 Broadway
. O. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Euictt Ttnign AdwrtUlnp. JUrqnettt Building, Chleajs.
Clxms Dlstano* Telephone "Central 209.")
NEW T0RK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHLTOX. . .Herald Sanaro
KETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune BnUdlnff
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WU&orNActorla Hotel; A. Brentano, U Union Bijuare;
Uumjr HIU Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
Ctterman House; P. O. News Cc%; Great Northers Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHJJTGTOJr (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 O St.."*. W.
BIOItTO.Y E. CIIAXE. Correspondent.
Hit AXCH OFFICES— 527 Montfcomery, corner of Clay, open
cntU >:20 a' dock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
•:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,' opea until • o'clock.
22M Flllznor*. open until 9 p. m.
'In a- Mississippi- trial for] murder it .was shown that
the.' accused, was attacked byVa V\ negro : known - as
that the assailant ha*d -his; head .'
lowered for /assault -when the defendant 1 : shot', him.
The. court held that" the negro's head "constituted a
"deadly ., weapon'' within the. meaning of the law and:
that 'the shooting was ; done .itfselfHdefehse./ The de
cision shows how easily the law can accommodate it
self to circumstances; and: also the high respect that 1
a . fighting community ; has for a good; hard head - with :
a stout colored "man;behind'it.V ' . :;
¦ - <:. •¦ ¦ ' v - - ¦ _ • ¦ ¦ ¦fv- . ~ ._ .••¦¦¦ • . .' ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, frEIDAY; JANXJARY 3, 1902.
6
HOTE^ }DEi;-CORONAp6,;'cholcest'' Wlntei ¦
Resort In the '; world;', off era * ; best living/ "climate, :
boating,;' bathing; " flShins i and "most \ amuse-
;ments.'; ! E."S. Babcock,' " manager," Coronado, Cal.
at -is : hard ; to ; say ; which ; Is,, the (bigger
fool— the man who .always ¦ 'gets fooled :by
a: woman or the. woman* who always fools'
herself ; in : believing * that "." she • fools ; ihe
man. •-;.--.. ¦ V;-. ;-...:' ,:'¦' -\ - ; •. ;;,- •'¦;-•¦,'-¦-:¦'¦:..¦" ¦
. Special - 1 information - supplied 'dally to
business": houses "and* public Tmen by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-,
gomery: street. ;> Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'a. •
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel •
'"¦ ¦•.¦¦¦ ¦ '..'¦' ¦¦-¦ '" "J> ¦¦¦¦¦¦": . '."• -'x-% ¦
Ex. Btrong hoarhound. candy. Townsend's*
AMTJSEMENTS.
Tn^ll— "IJtUe Red Elfllns Hood."
Central— "The Two Si«ters."
Alcazar 1 — "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia — "Janice Meredith." '
Oiyheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Lady of Quality."
California — "BlacJc Patti Troubadors."
Chutes,- Zoo and Taedteir — Vaudeville every alternooil and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Sherman-Clay Kali — Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. • ~.''i~:' :
Bi-. — — /^^^Hp
H "AT j t%
Sundays I
00 I 51 1 § £>ol Mali
jSa Read the Story of the GS '
I Man Who Lives ¦^Ilii
¦ 0 -'¦-;'« Among Skeletons II
Read The Reindeer Queen of Alaska Read
Sunday's How the "Old-Timers" Sunday's
CalL Spent Their Holidays Cail - _
. ¦ jo<rf ...Read the... ¦ . '—^ o.
loot . By Alfred Henry Lewis. j°3
]^3 The Best Western Stories Ever Written, £3 J
! _oSJ ; v v HUMAN INTEREST STORIES, gi
|oo| The Famous Masked Wrestler of
p Paris Now Liyes in San Francisco fc
w Literary Paper of the West. H
;o| 8-Pages in Colors That ||
. jsa- Are Pleasing to the Eye-8 gi
o ¦- mrmnnr vwmsrv Thr&mns irinr^v^KTrKTrx^^' °Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogxapbic Office, V 8 N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco" Cal
. January 2, 1002 . ««uusco. <-*i..
k ?£? Tlme Ba 'li°n the tower of the Ferry
building was droned exactly at noon to-day!
k-v£«E£rig s^a^-r?"- • .« **
: ¦ V V V. .. W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant- U.^S. Navy, in Charge.
Steamer : Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Are Sighted.
The branch hydrographic office has is
sued the following:
Captain Charles W. Hay of the British
steamer Aorangi reports to this office as fol-
Ship's Boat and Schooner, Bottom TTp,
MOBE WRECKAGE REPORTED.
While there the Indiana and Pennsyl
vania have been, remodeled. Nearly all
of the cabin accommodations have been
removed and new decks put in. The boil
ers have been renewed and the refriger
ating plants put in the very best of order.
During the war each vessel carried more
than 1500 soldiers in an emergency, be
sides 200 cabin passengers. From now on
they will only have room for forty cabin
passengers each and no soldiers, all the
room being set aside for freight. During
the remodeling of the Indiana and Penn
sylvania the Ohio has been used as a
boarding-house. The machinists and car
penters and boiler-makers from the works
have lived aboard her and at the same
time given her an overhauling. The Ohio
has not been altered as far as cabin ac
commodations are concerned, and she
will be the passenger vessel of the fleet.
The work of getting the Albion ready
for the interisland trade Is now being
rushed, and the chances are that as soon
as she is ready for her run to Manila the
Ohio, Indiana and Pennsylvania will be
ready to begin their' trips. All three ves
sels are of the same dimensions, but vary
somewhat in tonnage^wing to the differ
ence in their fittings. They are 343 feet
long, 43 feet beam and 24 feet 9 inches
deep. - ¦
The Ohio. Indiana and Pennsylvania
are well known in transport service.
They came here atahe beginning of the
war to enter the Klondike trade, but the
United States was then securing every
available vessel to carry soldiers to the
Philippines, so the steamships were at
once chartered. Being very handy craft,
they were kept in the interisland service,
carrying soldiers and supplies all through
the war. About six months ago they
came back to San Francisco and have
since been laid up at the Union Iron
Works.
The line will be established, however,
and by the Empire Steamship Company.
That concern is acting In conjunction with
the persons who purchased the Albion a
few days ago. It will put on the run be
tween San Francisco and Manila the
steamsfilps Ohio, Indiana and Pennsylva
nia, while the Albion will run in the in
terlsland trade.
FOR months past there have been
rumors of a merchant line of
steamships from this port to Ma
nila- Some people said the Pacific
Mall Steamship Company would
put on a fleet and others asserted that a
syndicate would purchase the Govern
ment transports and run them as an in
dependent line. The Pacific Mall is making
no move in the direction of a Philippine
service and the transports - are here to
stay as long as Uncle Sam wants them
to carry his soldiers and their belongings
to and from the seat of trouble in his
latest possession.
FROM SEATTLE.
ISlJoanoke , Rye."":. Honey..] ajid Horehound. .
Its quality tells the story, -^ .; •" ; l
No Charge for Gold
Lettering . on Pocket-books, Cameras,
Traveling Sets, Valises, ¦ Dress ', Suit ; Cases
and other fine leather goods purchased at
our, store. ¦ Sanborn. Vail & Co.; 741'Mar
ket Street. O91HBH MHHHK*Jl
Sun, Moon .and Tide.
United ' States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times x and Heights of High ' and -¦„ Low
. Waters - at : Fort - Point, ¦¦ entrance - ; to : San
Francisco Bay."- Published by official \ au
• • thorlty • of the Superintendent. ¦ l .*Xttf&tP&g8fS
• NOTE — The ? high • and low, waters occur : at
the ¦' city " front : (Mission-street wharf) - about
. ~A new registration for the next general
election, to be held on November 4, 1902, be
gan yesterday . In the Registration Office.
About flf ty citizens registered, the first
being W.;W. Bausman. Registration will
now.be continuous until September 24 100°
when it ceases, except for electors movln^
subsequent to their registration, they bt»°
ing- allowed until October 9 to recorH
changes of residence. . «^wni
General Registration Begins.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed. Sunday for
Victoria - with . an assorted ' merchandise ' cargo
for - British Columbian ; ports, \ valued at i $7361.'
The cargo included the following: merchandise
and produce: 74,130 lbs malt,; 7375 lbs raisins,
4475 lb« butter, 1000 feet lumber, * 15 pkgs arms
and • ammunition, 25 ' es • paste, ¦ 20,014 lbs » oil
cake.' 2004 lbs oil cake meal 5 cs canned f riiit,
6000 lbs evaporated fruit,; 199 pkgs fresh fruit,
39 pkgs fresh vegetables, 46 bdls Iron, ; 19 bdls
steel. 14 kegs rivets, : 217. Iba ham, , 3 cylinders
ammonia, 1050 lbs tobacco, 10 cs '¦ honey,'-: 10
pkps drugs,- 27 pkgs lubricating -¦ oil. , 280 • lbs
shrimps, -. 390 lbs millstufls, ¦;, 20 . bdls : wire, - 8
pkps varnish, 1 csdry goods,': 102 gals wine."
The steamer also carried r 2105 pigs lead,
valued at $7834. for Montreal, and 12,950 lbs
hops, valued at $1360, for Melbourne, Australia.
Exports to British Columbia.
His Bride Deceived Him.
The . marriage of John J. Corbett to
Mary.Corbett was annulled by Judge Ker
rigan yesterday. COTbett claimed he wa3
deceived, by his spouse. They _ were mar
ried December 6, 1901.
- Frances Preston "was granted a divorce
from All D-- Preston for cruelty. Kather
lne Gray was granted a divorce from
George Gray for desertion ; and , Minnie
Bicknell was given a divorce from George
R. Bicknell for cruelty.
, F.-B. "Morrill filed a suit for divorce
against Nellie F. Morrill for desertion.
The British ship Sierra Blanca was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown, for orders, with
4^,450 ctls wheat, valued at $50,873, > and 13,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $195.
The German' ship .-Willie TRickmers, which
also cleared yesterday for Queenstown. for or
ders, carried .73,720 ctls wheat, 'valued at $7tt,
249, and 20, W0 feet of lumber as dunnage,
valued at $275. : ¦' „ ¦'
Shipments of Grain.
- Mrs, Harry A. Weiss (nee Doud)
petitioned the Board or Education at yes
terday's meeting ¦ for ' a leave of absence
for one year from ' the , first . day .. of • the
spring term. -The application was -denied,
notwithstanding the fact that Mrs. Weiss
waived all right to return to her class in
the ' Hamilton Grammar School. No rea
son'was assigned for. the denial, but it-is
understood that : the lady's . recent mar
riage has. resulted in the loss of her posi
tion..:. •:¦'<¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ;'
Leaves of absence were granted to MI33
Lucretia Burnham, Miss N. P. Sullivan,
Miss Mary Sleeper, Mrs. .H. J. Bain and
Miss E.' Livingstone. • -
' "Abel' T. Winn and Miss L.. S. Temple
,ton, who- have taught more than thirty
years in • the department, petitioned to be
retired - on . annuities and .their petitions
were referred ' to the Retirement Commit
tee of the ¦ Teachers' <* Annuity. Association.'
".- W. ,W.- Stone, ..chairman of : the commit
tee on educational exhibits for the Juve
nile Fairyland Carnival to be held.at'Me
chanlcs'- Pavilion; petitioned the. board to
instructNprincipals and. teachers to. make
an appropriate display of the work of the
'pupiis^dhoHBBSBBifl'vSMfcSRMB
tion to Place Them on
\;v'- :B,etired List.
Two Teachers Ask. Board of Educa-
DENIES LEAVE TO ONE
BUT GRANTS . IT TO OTHERS
Per Ger<8hlp: Lita,' at Astoria— Dec 21,*. lat
38 - N. . Ion ; 137-. 50 W,1 ship ; Florence, - from
Tacoma, for Honolulu. ; All i well.
..MEMORANDUM.
- Stmr Umatilla,'-" Jan 1; ¦ oft Euteka, : saw : stmr
Czarina, : from Seattle, for San Francisco. ' .. :>
Thursday, January 2.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schage,, Redondo." ;
Stmr • Bonits, 1 Nopander, ¦• San Pedro. \ ' f-
Stmr : Alliance. ': Hardwick; : Portland. "¦ etc. -
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen. : . •-¦¦
Stmr , Pomona, < Shea, ' Eureka.
Stmr : Arcata, > Nelson, : Coos 'Bay. - -
Stmri Whltesboro,? Olsen;/ Whltesboro. '¦"¦ .
Stmr • Del-Norte. Green,* Crescent Clly.'Y; ..
Stmr Crescent City, Pa vne, : Creecent City.
Stmr • San Pedro,^ Reiner, . Eureka. :
Stmr ; National ¦ City, . Dettmers, -Fort -. Bragg.
Schr ' Serena ; Thayer, 3 Hansen, ; Eureka. ~- •-* ¦
:¦ spokkn.v -¦.'¦"¦•
SAILED.
Thursday, January 2. •
' Stmr Pomona, Shea, ¦ Eureka; Goodall .Per
kins & Co. v , . . .
Ger > ship .Willy i Rlckmers, Bencke, • Queens
town; - Balfour.V Guthrie & Co.-. .'? .,-,¦
. Br * ship • Sierra . Blanca,~. Corkhill, Queens
town: I L Kauffman.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 2.
• Stmr Corona, Glelow, 55 hours from • New
port.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 34 hours from Sari
Pedro. :
Stmr San Pedro, Reiner. 85 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Navarro, Devi tt. 18 hours from Mendo-
Btmr '- Columbia, Doran, ; • hours rmm
Portland, via Astoria 45 hours. irom
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 44 hours from
San Die^o. . • -'
, Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Cl hours from Vic
toria, .- etc. . ¦¦-.., i
• Stmr. Glvay, Iceland, ' 20 hours - from Moss
Landing, etc. .-Vi-»-*sV*y**^aSiffiS»««»lBi|«B
Stmr , South Portland, Sears, 115 hours from
Seattle: . Oakland direct. -. • . - •
- Bark ; Diamond Head, Peterson, 22 days from
Lahaina.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tho ship Emily K. Whitney will - load mer
chandise here for Honolulu and Makaweil; the
ship William Ift Smith, merchandise for Mel
bourne direct (lump sum), g
The Austrian ahlp Deveron will carry red
wood from Eureka to Liverpool. 77s Od, char
tered prior to arrival.
The British ; steamer Palatina loads wheat
at Portland for St. Vincent/ for orders, • 33s 9d,
If two ports 34s 9d, chartered prior to arrival.
The British bark King Alfred la chartered,
prior to arrival, for wheat at this port for Eu
rope. 35s. " • .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
On petition of interested property own
ers the Board of Works was requested to
notify Cushing, Wetmore : & Co. to dis
charge\blasts of less size on Telegraph
Hill, so that adjacent property will not
be damaged. -. :
Joseph Rothschild opposed the improve
ment, contending that it will "villagize"
the city to plant trees > in the center of
streets. , Robert Ewing. Charles Acker
man and W. L. Bradbury addressed the
committee in favor of the project. Acker
man , stated that when Euclid avenue, in
Cleveland, was improved in a similar
manner property values increased from
$30 to $2000 per front foot. -
James Cavanagh and William. Redpath
objected, to granting permission to the
Chutes Company to erect a bridge across
Tenth avenue, and the matter went over
to allow the committee to visit the prem
ises in company with petitioners and pro
testants..' Charles Ackerman explained
that the bridge was a necessity as an
additional means of emergency exit from
the theater and a safeguard to public life.
. The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday reported In favor of the passage
of a bill repealing the franchise granted
the Bay and Coast Railway Company to
enter the city at Twenty-fourth and Illi
nois streets. Action was taken on the
report of the Board of Public Works that
the company has failed ' to comply with
the conditions imposed in its charter. The
company was required to expend $25,000
in construction work within a period of
two years, bu^ has not done so.
The bill providing for the adornment of
Van Ness avenue, between Bush and
Pine streets, was amended to provide for
the construction of granite or cement
curbs on the sidewalks, as the Board - of
Works may determine, and also to state
that the project is intended as an experi
ment and that in case of a general ex
pression of ¦ disapproval from Van Ness
avenue property owners the board will
restore the roadway to its original condi
tion. • ; ; ••
This Is the first case of the sort pros
ecuted by the electric, company. Others
suspected of tapping the wires are under
surveillance. •
Beck brought some witnesses, among
them Policeman Thomson and a special
officer, - to testify that his incandescent
lights were put out each night about " 9
o'clock and the two arc lights about 10:;w
o'clock. Beck testified , that he had got
an electrician named Peacock .to put
wires in his store for the sake of econ
omy, but denied tapping the wires him
self or knowing that they were tapped.
He admitted ln cross-examination that he
burned thirty-seven incandescent llghu
and two arc lights, and when shown that
his bills -never exceeded .$11 per month
and were as low as $6 be could not give
a ' satisfactory explanation of his plea of
economy. .... ¦"
Beck was convicted by the jury, which
was out but a short time.
. The principal witness for the prosecu
tion was Seth Cohen, inspector of meters
for the, company. Last November Cohen j
examined Beck'3 premises and after a I
careful search he discovered that , the
company's wires had been cut and tapped
by two wires that fed thirty-eight in
candescent lights which were not regis
tered at the meter. The connections were
made ln what was supposed to be a store
room. Beck's contract witn the company
called for live incandescent and two arc
lights. Cohen was corroborated by G. W.
Carroll, another employe of tho company.
William O. PennycooK, inspector in tne
city department ot electricity, testined to
having seen on July 'a last about forty
Incandescent lignta burning in Beck's
store. He asked Butler, the clerk, wno
had done the job, and Butler replied "tha
boss." Butler was instructed to tell
Beck to call at- the office of the depart
ment, but he,,flid not do so. W. R. Hew
itt, chief electrician in the department ot
electricity, also testified that Beck told
him he had done the work himself. Other
witnesses examined were Frank Bride
man . of the same department, Jesse
Mayer and Ward A. 'I>wight Jr. of -the
Independent Company, and George C.
Butler, Beck's clerk.
The trial of Ignatz Beck, druggist. Ellis
and Buchanan streets, on the charge of
tapping the main conduit wire. of the In- •
dependent Electric Light and Power Com
pany in his store with the object of de
frauding the company, was held before
a jury in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
afternoon. ¦ Colonel' E. F. Preston con
ducted the prosecution and the defendant
was represented by Attorney Samuels.
The United States army transport
Thomas has been ordered to the Union
Iron Works for repairs. »
The steamer Chehalls, which was towed
down here from Eureka, has received her
machinery and will have her trial trip
Saturday.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Corona has been laid up for, repairs and
tho Coos Bay will run in "her place. ¦
The ships Willy Rlckmers and . SJerra
Blanca both cleared for Queenstown with
grain yesterday.
Captain Christian Y. Fosen is not going
out on the Grace Dollar this trip and
Captain Johnson takes his place. Instead
Captain Fosen will go out as chief^ officer
of the new steamer Melville Dollar under
Captain Gow. In spite of the apparent
"Irish "raise," Captain Fosen was the
proudest man on the front. HeJs wear
ing the handsomest gold watch and chain
that money could buy and it came from
his employers. He is the commodore of
the Dollar fleet and Captain Gow is new
to the coast. When Mr. Dollar asked him
if he would give the new master all the
information possible Fosen at once con
sented. Turning to Captain Gow he ask
ed, "Have you a full crew?" and the an
swer was, "No, I lack a first mate." "All
right," said Fosen, "I'll ship as first mate
and make the run with you." This spirit
cf willingness so pleased Mr. Dollar that
the watch and chain presentation fol
lowed.
Captain Charles Minor Goodall goes
East to-day to attend the stockholders'
meeting of the Pacific Coast Company
end the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany. He will be gone several weeks.
Water Front Notes.
Bay and Coast Road
Corporation Privilege
Is Taken Away.
OCEAN ' STEAMERS.
NEW .YORK— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Darm
stadt, for Brexnen.1gKi4gSBW l WM0*V§*aWBU«MM|
¦ - CHERBOURG! — Arrived Jan , 1 — Stmr . Pre
toria, i from ¦ New York, via for
Hamb'jrZ.Vy •. : A' ¦¦¦ \ -•"• ; ; •
• Sailed Jan, 2— Stmr Kalserln Maria Theresa,
from Bremen and Southampton, ¦ for New. York
*¦ ' HAMBURG— Arrived 5 nrlor 'to ¦' Jan < 2-^-Stmr
Serai>lE, '; from '. San Francisco. * via Havre and
Liondon.--- -¦-¦¦ v ",, , -" • • :• . .-
ST .VINCENT, . C V— Arrived prior, to .Jan 2
.— Stmr / Klek... from , San; Francisco, for Ant
werp. ¦¦ ¦¦'" '¦¦¦".""•'-' - -¦ ¦ ¦-¦
. .ROTTERDAM — Arrived Jan. 2 — Stmr' Ams
terdam.'J from • New . York.> ' .S*fD«MfA«^
»• LIVERPOOL — Sailed' Jan 2 — Stmr . Noord
land.'for-Phlladelphla.i- • ; *;v, •=•:..- .-..-. ,
. - QUEJ.TJ8TOWN— Sailed . Jan 2— stmr - Teu
tonic from New York, : for Liverpool. ' -r . ,..¦ ;
: ANTWERP— Sailed , Jan « 2— Stmr ; Pennland.
for PhUade]r<hla.',Y33BfeBBMHNinSMHfl
. CALLAO— Arrived Nov 15— Ital bark Cav
our. from . Moodyville. .Nov 17 — Br-8tmr Are
qulpa, hence Oct 18. ; ¦ - .-¦.... ,-
LONDON— Arrived Dec SI— Ger ship Colum
bia, from Port Blakeley.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Dec • 30— U S etmr
Grant, • from Manila, i for San Francisco.' \ .. - j ;
ST VINCENT — Arrived prior, to Jan 1— Br
stmr ' RoyalUt. .hence : Oct: 12. • =
.-YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Tacoma,"
for Taccma. .
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 1— Br ship Bra
bloch, for TTliTti nlirnii ~"mnnri*iti|f i^'f MlHWUL!
, ST VINCENT— Sailed Dec 27— Br stmr Glen
oean,'-for Hull. -.. ¦ • J-^rV^ai
SAN JOSE 'DE • GUATEMALA — Sailed Dec
80^ G«r stmr Denderah, : t or San Francisco.' - •
- ENSENAD A— Sailed s Jan 1— Ger ; : stmr > Ni
caria. 1 for San. Francisco. ;
FOREIGN PORTS.
¦ EASTERN FORT..
NEW \YORK — Arrived Dec 31 — Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon. "¦.
Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Allianca, for Colon. •. \
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan 2 — Br ship Scottish
Minstrel, from Valparaiso. ' ,- •¦¦v-.-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr
Aztec, for Tacoma.
•Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr State of California,
from San Francisco, and sailed for San Diego
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 2— Br bant
Northern Monarch, from Callao.
•..- Passed out > Jan 2 — Br ship • Mllverton, • from
Tacoma, for Queenstown. >.:¦-:¦¦'.
1 EUREKA — Arrived Jan 1 — Schr Fortuna.
hence Dec 29. ' Jan 2 — Schr Ida McKay, hence
Dec 31: schr Mary Buhne, hence Deo 31. .
REDONDO — Arrived Jan . 2— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Dec 31." - l • ,.
PORT TOWNSEtf D— Passed , in Jan "2— Br
stmr Glengarry, from Kobe. <
Sailed Jan 2 — Ship -. Great • Admiral, from
Port Blakeley, for ; Melbourne.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 1— Stmrs Progreso
and Santa Ana, hence Dec 29.'
Arrived Jan 2 — Slmr Robert Dollar, hence
Dec 29. v ¦".. ' ¦ ¦ .
PORTLAND — Arrived Jan 2 — Stmr Palatina,
from Manila;. ship Lita, from Honolulu. -
Sailed Jan 2 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Oeo W Elder, for San Francisco.
: VENTURA— Arrived Jan 2— Barge Santa
Paula, - in tow tug Rescue, hence Dec SO. and
sailed- for San Francisco. . ¦ -^ . -
COOS BAY — Arrived Jan 1— Schr "Western
Home, hence Dec 19; schr Falcon, \ from San
Pedro; schr Gotama,' hence Dec 24; schr. Gem,
hence Dec 20; schr Mary E Russ, hence Dec
22.- •. ' -- • " ¦• - " - - '- .-. '¦:¦ ' ¦
• Sailed Jan 2 — Schr Melancthon. - for San
Francisco. ; - ¦ ,
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 1 — Schr Lau
ra ' Madaen," for San Francisco.
J Arrived Jan -2 — Schr Lizzie Vance, ' hence
Dec 24;- schr. Chas 'R .Wilson,' hence Dec 26-
BChr C AThayer, from San Pedro; achr Sailor
Boy, 1-nnce Dec 20. -
ALBION — Arrived Jan 1 — Stmr Chico, hence
Dec2S. ' .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 2— Bktn Glean
er, ; hence Dec 22. •
PORT GAMBLE: — Sailed Jan 2 — Schr Ida
Schnauer, - 1 or San Francisco. . •..*'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
The Police Commission sent a communi
cation yesterday to the Board of Super
visors, stating that in : its opinion the
operation of the so-called nickel-in-the-.
slot machines, which .ordinance No. 78 as
sumes to -license, is unlawful, as being
prohibited by section 330 of the Penal
Code, and that the ordinance is void as
being ln conflict with the State law.
TELEGRAPHIC—'
POINT LOBOS, Jan 2, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind calm. ¦ - *
License on Nickel Machines.
Jury Convicts Him of
Peculiar Charge in
Police Court.
COMPANY LOSES
ITS FRANCHISE
Four Italians who own a small rajich
at Rio Vista, on the Sacramento, had a
falling out on the water front yesterday.
They came to the city to sell their es
tate and quarreled over the distribution
of the proceeds. Antonio Baroni. think
ing he was getting the worst of the deal
at the hands of Fairo Bandoni, drew a
pistol and began shooting. - Alphonso Pe
tretti rushed In to save Bandoni and was
shot in the shoulder. He was taken to
the Harbor Hospital, where his wound
was dressed, while Baroni was taken to
the Harbor police station and charged
with assault to commit murder.
Italians Fall Out.
FINDS DRUGGIST
BECK IS GULITY
Captains — S. W. Dunning, Sixteenth . Infan
try, and Albert Laws, Twenty-fourth Infantry;
first leutenantfl — P. M. Shaffer, . Thirteenth
Infantry; J. A. Baer, Sixth Cavalry, and D. H.
Biddle, Fifth Cavalry; second. lieutenants — W.
E. Glllmore, Fifteenth Infantry; W. 'R. Tay
lor, Third Cavalry; L. . D. Gasser, Twenty- first
Infantry; H. L. ¦ Evans, • Ninth Infantry; G. C
Shaw, Thirteenth Infantry; A. L. Brlggs, Sev
enth - Infantry, and R. S. Pike, Twentieth In
fantry.
The" following-named; officers . have ar
rived in the city en route to the Philip
pines : and have been assigned to, tempo
rary duty, with the casuals at the Tpre
sidio:
To Leave for Philippines.
The Oregon Railway and. Navigation
Company's Columbia, which was ashore
In the Columbia last Tuesday, arrived in
port yesterday. The passengers never left
the vessel and Captain Doran says she
was never in any danger. With the as
sistance of the river steamer Harvest
Queen, she got off after discharging SCO
tons of cargo. The run down the coast
was uneventful. Captain Doran said:
"We went ashore twenty miles south
of Portland and escaped without injury.
We ran on to a sandbar and after lighter
ing, some of the cargo we got off. There
was no excitement, as there was no dan
ger. The ship is all rjght." l
Steamship Columbia Arrives.
..^OTE — In the above exposition of the tld»s
waters' refCrenCe lS th * mean °'
Shipping men and the underwriters fear
that this wreckage is from the British
ship Hyderabad, now out 69 days from
Newcastle, Australia, for San Francisco.
She is a very fast vessel and on her last
trip here made the run in 57 days. A
boat of hers was picked up by a tug some
weeks ago and it Is now thought the ves
sel has come to grief in the recent gales
that have prevailed on the Pacific,
Off the Columbia River the Aorangl
sighted a- schooner bottom up. The
schooner Reliance is now out 42 days from
San Francisco for Coquille River, and
many people think she is the unfortunate
craft. Still the Reliance may have been
driven off shore, and her,owners have not
given up hope.
lows: "December 15, 1901, latitude 12 degrees
45 minutes north, longitude 107 degrees west,
passed a large ship's boat bottom up. . covered
with seaweed and barnacles. - December l < ,
latitude 20 degrees 15 minutes north, longitude
158 degrees 55 minutes west, passed an otjcci
(boat's mast and sail in cover). December li.
latitude 21 degrees 5 minutes north, longitude
15S degrees 5 minutes west,, passed a ship s
spar."
While in Milan Manager Leahy - will
study the architecture and seating plans
of its grand opera-houses with a view to
ward incorporating the ideas thus gained
in the plans for the new Tivoli which is
to be built in this city ; next' year. He
will also get some ' ideas about a Verdi
statue, for the erection of which money
is now being raised in this city. Alto
gether "Doc", has a big contract on ins
hands and it is likely that he will crowd
much activity ¦ into his life during the
next two months.
In Milan I will see Riccordi, thr great pub
lisher of operas, and- arrange with him for
productions of such works as "La Tosca," "Fe
dora," "Andre Chenier" and others of that
class. ; When I have ¦ completed . my work ln
Italy I will go to Paris and London. . In the
English capital I will see George Edwards re
garding numerous light operas which have been
produced on the Continent, but never seen here.
When I return I expect to be in possession of
a musical treasure trove which will delight our
patrons for months to come. I expect to return
home about March 1.
I shall leave San Francisco ln time. to catch
the Italian steamer Liguria, which leaves New
York for Naples on the 16th inst. I shall then
make trips to Rome, Milan, Florence and other
cities - and attend the great theaters of those
cities in which the presentation of grand opera
is exclusive. My purpose is to hear, the best
vocalists and witness the : presentation of the
best grand operas.. In this way I shall be en
abled to secure just such artists and operas
aa will be suited to the lovers of the best music
in §an Francisco. I will sign no less than eight
singers of both sexes and they shall be the best
that money can procure. • .
. It is the; custom of the Tivoli manage
ment to hold a grand opera season each
fall at which the latest operas are
presented by the great European ' artists.
•It is, true such stars as Calve, Eames and
Sembrich have not yet been seen at the
Tivoli, . but that is ? not the fault of , the
enterprising management. Previous en
gagements alone rendered it impossible
for , them , to close contracts .with "Doc,"
but in their "stead such vocalists as Col
lamarini, • Salassa and others ¦ have been
secured to the delight of the Tivoli pat
rons, "Whose musical education is not a
whit inferior to that of the average per
son whom a Grau season at $7 a seat
serves to throw into spasms of artistic
fervor. '.< It is this disposition of the Tivoli
management to give the best for the least
money that has ; contributed so largely to
the success and. fame of- that house and
has served to keep the popular taste for
the best works of world-famed composers
whetted for more. :
Manager Leahy's purpose- in making the
trip to Italy is to secure ' several vocal
stars and the best and latest : composi
tions of renowned" composers. In explain
ing the objects of his journey to the Old
World Manager Leahy said: .
Genial William H. Leahy, business man
ager of ; the Tivoli, will leave for Italy
next week, on a •mission': of-. Bupreme im
portance to the ¦" patrons : of that' popular
house. It lsbecause of his contemplated
journey that "Doc" has been studying in
secret one of those works the perusal . of
which will enable one, to master at a sin
gle breath the intricacies of a foreign
tongue, .but .which ; in, his case has re
sulted in mystifying: him more and more
as he advanced, until now he 7 sadly con
fesses Jthat; his Italian vocabulary is lim
ited to . Vslgnore" and ', "signora," with -a
"si".- thrown in for company's sake. ¦
Season.
To Secure Best Talent and
Operas for Summer
Manager of : the Tivoli
Will Journey to
Europe.
SUNNY I TALY
IS LEAHY'S GOAL
Ohio, Indiana and. Pennsylvania Are Being Made Ready by the
Empire Company at Union Iron Works for This Run, the
Albion Is Being Put in Condition. at Mission-rStreet Wharf
LINE OF FAST MERCHANT STEAMERS
FOR PHILIPPINE TRADE IS ASSURED
TELE SAN" FRA.NOISCO : CALL, "FRIDAY, eTANXJAR Y" 3," 1902.
ONE OF THE SISTER SHIPS THAT WILL PROBABLY GO INTO THE PHILIPPINE TRADE THIS . MONTH.
THE OHIO, INDIANA AND PENNSYLVANIA WERE FORMERLY CHARTERED TRANSPORTS, BUT NOW
THEY WILL RUN AS MERCHANT VESSELS TO THE ISLANDS.
»^J»i :^ajs.K>sa
FRIDAY, JANUARY 3.
7
3u
iites ....
sets
in rises ...
. .'.'.'.".iViV ']
.7:25
..5:0;}
a; m.
r 1
4
5
6
7
Time
Ft.
L. W
0:02 2.3
0:51 2.6
1 :40 2.8
2:25 2.9
3:00 3.0
3:48 3.1
H W
0:14 4.5
0:50 4.7
Time
H W
"eTii
7:35
8:16
8:54
9:26
9:58
L TV
4:30
5:10
*•<-
5.4
5.4
6.4
5.5
E.5
6.4
Time
L W
2:29
3:10
3:47
4:21
4:SG
H-W
10:28
11:03
Ft. ?^
H W
1.2 8O6
0.8 9:18
0.4 10:10
0.0 10:55
—0.2 11:34
—0.3 .....
. L W
5.4 5:30
5.3 6:05
-g
3.7
3.8
4.0
4.2
4.4
.0
V3.2
3.1
—0.3
—0.2
Iteamer.
From.
I
Due.
Nome City. . . Seattle
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoma .'.'.'.'.
City Peking.. China & Japan ...
Nlcarfa. Valparaiso & Way Pts'.
Rival . Wlllapa Harbor ......
Santiago..... Valparaiso & Way Pts.
North Fork.. Humboldt
Pomona...... Humboldt
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria...!"
Asuncion Tacoma - ... ..,.- -
State of Cali. San Diego & Way'Porti
Ventura Sydney .& Way Ports
Argo. .;...'... Coqullle River ......
New burg San Pedro .........
Strathgyle . . . Portland
Eureka ' Humboldt ....¦".;
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports*
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports...'
Sequoia.. Grays Harbor .... ..
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena ......
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ;
Santa Kosa.. San Diego & Way Pts'
Columbia. . . . Portjand . & Astoria
Gaelic China &• Japan.:....."
Coos Bay .... Newport & Way Ports"
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. .
Rainier. Seattle & N. Whatcom
Mandalay. . . . Coquille River . <
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma...!"'
Jan. 3
Jan. 3
Jan. a
Jan. 3
Jan. ¦ 4
Jan..' i
Jan. 4
Jan. 6
Jan. 5
Jan. B
Jan. 6
Jan. 0
Jan. U
Jan. (i
Jan.- «
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan.' 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 10
Jan. lo
Jan. 11
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
January 3.
Coos Bay *....
Grays ¦ Harbor
Astoria & Portland..
-• January 4.
Grays Harbor
Humboldt ..........
Point Arena .......
Seattle &'Tacoma.. .
China I & , Japan . . . . |
Honolulu
-. January - 5.
San Diego & .Way. .
' January <{.
Astoria & Portland.
Grays Harbor ......
Pupet Sound Ports.
Newport & ' Way ....
January 7.
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt:
Mexican Ports
Seattle &iTacoma...
January 8.'
San Diego & Way...
Panama & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland..
Honolulu & Kahulul
Valparaiso & Way. .
- January O.
San Diego -7.. .......
China' & Japan.^...
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd
~~~ "
Empire....
Coronado. .
Columbia. .
M. Dollar..:
Eureka. . . .
Point Arena
J. S. Kimba
Amer. Mart
Alaraeda...
¦
Santa Rosa
Lakme. ....
Newburg: .
Umatilla...
Coos Bay . .
5 pm Pier 13
12 , m Pier 2
11 am Pler2±
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
2pm | Pier, «
10am|Pier 2
1 pm|PMS3
2 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier ll
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier' si
9 am Pier 11
l:30p[Pler 0
9 am Pier' 2
10 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 8
9 am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
...... Pieria
12 , m Pier 10
..";..'. Pier —
10 am S.W. 2
2 pm Pier 13
Pomona...
North Fork
Curacao. . .
Czarina....:
State Cal..
San Jose . . .
G. Elder..:
Hyades....
Santiago. . .
Nome City. ;
Strathgyle.
Arcata.....
iteamer.
For.
Sails.
Dolphin......
Dlrlgo...:...
Al-Ki. :...:;.
Bertha..'.;...
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.
Skagway & ; \Vay Ports. Jan.
Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan.
Valflez and Kodiak |jan.
3
S
5
7
Iteamer.
From.
I
Due.
Nome City. . . Seattle
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoma .'.'.'.'.
City Peking.. China & Japan ...
Nlcarfa. Valparaiso & Way Pts'.
Rival . Wlllapa Harbor ......
Santiago..... Valparaiso & Way Pts.
North Fork.. Humboldt
Pomona...... Humboldt
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria...!"
Asuncion Tacoma - ... ..,.- -
State of Cali. San Diego & Way'Porti
Ventura Sydney .& Way Ports
Argo. .;...'... Coqullle River ......
New burg San Pedro .........
Strathgyle . . . Portland
Eureka ' Humboldt ....¦".;
Newport..... Panama & Way Ports*
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports...'
Sequoia.. Grays Harbor .... ..
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena ......
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ;
Santa Kosa.. San Diego & Way Pts'
Columbia. . . . Portjand . & Astoria
Gaelic China &• Japan.:....."
Coos Bay .... Newport & Way Ports"
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. .
Rainier. Seattle & N. Whatcom
Mandalay. . . . Coquille River . <
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma...!"'
Jan. 3
Jan. 3
Jan. a
Jan. 3
Jan. ¦ 4
Jan..' i
Jan. 4
Jan. 6
Jan. 5
Jan. B
Jan. 6
Jan. 0
Jan. U
Jan. (i
Jan.- «
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan. 7
Jan.' 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 9
Jan. 10
Jan. lo
Jan. 11
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 12
Jan. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
January 3.
Coos Bay *....
Grays ¦ Harbor
Astoria & Portland..
-• January 4.
Grays Harbor
Humboldt ..........
Point Arena .......
Seattle &'Tacoma.. .
China I & , Japan . . . . |
Honolulu
-. January - 5.
San Diego & .Way. .
' January <{.
Astoria & Portland.
Grays Harbor ......
Pupet Sound Ports.
Newport & ' Way ....
January 7.
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt:
Mexican Ports
Seattle &iTacoma...
January 8.'
San Diego & Way...
Panama & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland..
Honolulu & Kahulul
Valparaiso & Way. .
- January O.
San Diego -7.. .......
China' & Japan.^...
Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd
~~~ "
Empire....
Coronado. .
Columbia. .
M. Dollar..:
Eureka. . . .
Point Arena
J. S. Kimba
Amer. Mart
Alaraeda...
¦
Santa Rosa
Lakme. ....
Newburg: .
Umatilla...
Coos Bay . .
5 pm Pier 13
12 , m Pier 2
11 am Pler2±
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
2pm | Pier, «
10am|Pier 2
1 pm|PMS3
2 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier ll
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier' si
9 am Pier 11
l:30p[Pler 0
9 am Pier' 2
10 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 8
9 am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
...... Pieria
12 , m Pier 10
..";..'. Pier —
10 am S.W. 2
2 pm Pier 13
Pomona...
North Fork
Curacao. . .
Czarina....:
State Cal..
San Jose . . .
G. Elder..:
Hyades....
Santiago. . .
Nome City. ;
Strathgyle.
Arcata.....
iteamer.
For.
Sails.
Dolphin......
Dlrlgo...:...
Al-Ki. :...:;.
Bertha..'.;...
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.
Skagway & ; \Vay Ports. Jan.
Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan.
Valflez and Kodiak |jan.
3
S
5
7
3u
iites ....
sets
in rises ...
. .'.'.'.".iViV ']
.7:25
..5:0;}
a; m.
r 1
4
5
6
7
Time
Ft.
L. W
0:02 2.3
0:51 2.6
1 :40 2.8
2:25 2.9
3:00 3.0
3:48 3.1
H W
0:14 4.5
0:50 4.7
Time
H W
"eTii
7:35
8:16
8:54
9:26
9:58
L TV
4:30
5:10
*•<-
5.4
5.4
6.4
5.5
E.5
6.4
Time
L W
2:29
3:10
3:47
4:21
4:SG
H-W
10:28
11:03
Ft. ?^
H W
1.2 8O6
0.8 9:18
0.4 10:10
0.0 10:55
—0.2 11:34
—0.3 .....
. L W
5.4 5:30
5.3 6:05
-g
3.7
3.8
4.0
4.2
4.4
.0
V3.2
3.1
—0.3
—0.2
Hew adveetisehents.
tjnna defines a cause.
European Skin Specialist Says Dan-
druff Is Caused by Parasites.
Upon that theory, proved beyond a
doubt, a cure for dandruff was sought
after. Scientists, chemists, druggists and
physicians all "took ,a hand" and the
successful issue is the present product
known as "Newbro's Herpicide.'' ' ,';
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that infest the hair bulb, does its work
most effectively, and contains not an atom
of substance injurious to anything else
than the germ alone. Herpicide causes
the hair to grow as nature intended It
should, soft and abundant. '
AMUSEMENTS.
"gg^WSp^Miar* Every Week Day—
fSr Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. ¦harp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. ana
12:30. 1.. 1:30. 2, 2:20 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to ths
track. Last two cars on ¦ train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trams via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Bread war. Oak-
land. Also all trains via . Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue • cars at Four-
teenth and Broadwr.y, Oakland. These electrlo
cars iro direct to the track ln fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:i5 D. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES AND_ZOO E^L™g on
Big Vaudeville Show.
I ELLA'BURT
The Darin* Lady Cyclist, WILL COAST THE
CHUTES ON 'A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT I-
GRAND PRIZED CAKEWALK!
Telephone for. Seats Park 23. ;
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE. !
' Corner Sacramento and Webster Sts. .
LANE LECTURES
FRIDAY EVENING .......... January 3d; 1902
DR. C. N. ELLINWOOD.
«, ADMISSION FREE.
' JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
I Only One Way, Only One Store, for Such Valaes as These I
1 nC^^ Women's SJ-50 Cloves Now 89c; I
H An extraordinary offering of 300 dozen Women's Fine Two-CJesp R
H ' ,%(|| Gloves, made of best French Kid, Paris point embroidered back. All M
H w//h1!J 'colors and sizes. . Perfect fitting and most durable glove made. Av gfii
H opportunity to buy gloves at a third of their real worth. Now. 89c §i
i LADIES' SILK WAISTS MUCH * W^ Celling of our renowned M
I UNDERPR1CED. LA GREGQUE UTTIGE RIBBON GOBSET ||
H This offering comes because we se- XS?\ These corsets are made F|
H cured a manufacturer's sample line f-3» ot very best quality Ital- g3
| of SILK WAISTS. They are all the J*>* Ian cloth, with the lattice H
H latest productions of Parisian art in jT^S, f 1Dbon effect, which tends fm
H fine condition. There is but one of 3tF</\ *, make^ , tne .S?* 9 ? 1 |3
0 a kind and each will be sold at an (£*&)&& s rong and impossible to ||
H average reduction of one-third from Ltfi^XJ vHf*^*? 1 *,,, °.* ft ,^JS? : Vi
fa the regular prices \WImL < ' bone " wit " aluminoid bon- . fcj
n They are all made of best quality lU^k ¦ ¦ JS&mJ'^ JL- 80 ? ? l nd Si
g soft-finished French Taffeta Silk or ?Zr\ tS££\£f n th^tn*?^ H
§ Peau.de Sole Silk, best French black. *•* » g™« ffVSt low^SS T»n W\
| value .of the rest ¦ _ . line running low down -in front, giv- S
I /& «f^?t^.iiT£ «nf7t«^5£" Ins the straight-front figure so much S
1- 'Wl l$*ti Q v? Kh2* Jn?«^ ln v °S^e. Comes In white, with pink B|
B ?te sIlk V th t kind » th^^ } I nr blue lattice work, or solid black. B
M >^^»n crack » hemstitched front Better than any |5 made to order E-J
M / \\vvA and back, new sleeves,- corset. Our price.... SI. SO El
H Ik \m fitted lining, cut after very Q a ip n'irtiin>i! <st™.» ts-t,*™^ fflk
B l\\ I/If swellest French patterns. Sale O Farrell Street Entrance. H
H I Remember these are sam- ¦ Ih
H I V l) ples an<i we nave only one In our recant purchase from a large Ml
1 5 V TheS rt&i^Zntjk JoWng house we secured an immense M
I CONFESSION IS GOOD FOR THE SOUj. *,, /ess than hair a*, !} a /%,t |
Ig We have too many wool waists, so Some were LADIES* HANDKER- K
m we have made a great reduction. CHIEFS, made of all-pure linen. f3
1 LADIES' WAisTS, made of very "^i^""^ " " 6^ C K
Hbest quality French Flannel, front v£££w?J 1 .£R B , GE^TS' HAND- M
B and back trimmed with bands of 1 ,,* B> made of be st quality fc|
« machine-stitched flannel, fly trimmed "«D«n linen, neatly hemstitched; Ff
H| . with fancy gilt and pearl buttons. onl y 12Vae &$
B new sleeves, adjustable collar, well - OR GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS 99
M made and perfect fitting. Regular made of best quality Japanese silk pi
If H 25 waist, now 8S.5O fancy colored hemstitched borders; fu
H • ¦ v .• ¦ regular 50c values; now 25c; ll
I A BARGAIN-ONE WHICH DIGNIFIES , ; ;, I
fn . T iir u/finn some astonishing values in our n
R 5000 yards of AL.L-SILK RIBBON. cS^S^X UMDnCLLAOi m
H V-h and 3 inches wide, fancy cord }!*$$§&!*¦ SEL F"- OPENING j^
H edge; colors dark blue, tan, brown, /BSeHV^ lK . UMBRELLAS, touch fci
H gray and green; -originally sold for |ivtRpnf.LA3 a spring and it opens; WX
H 20c. Our special. .....5c u _3571 'made of best quality EjJ
m A I iR!F^ f 1^^^ rod - steel frame; war- if
m LAUiLO y&WJx' ranted fast black H
m FLANNELETTE GOWNS Only si.39 m
V& «?*?¦-«* EXTRA! LADIES' OR GENTS' U
m Y^\JvwMS% : Ma<3e o f Sood quality UMBRELLAS, made of good fast 14
H "^H^^fl striped flannelette, black twill cloth, steel rod and fa
fla iSB^cil doubl ° yoke back and frame, natural wood handle. Special £3
M Pinnwl , fr 4 on t. full length, good for this week .35,. |j
m I fill 1 w width; pink or blue. • . oo *- vA
i r J|nif Highly special 5 0c NO MYSTERY ABOUT THESE. E
II SPECIAL LUGE SELLING. Tie simple truth is we are the man- B
m To clear our lace department be- ufacturers. t ,^i
M fore stock-taking we are offering LADIES' SKIRTS, made of best H
fcl ALL OUR LACES AT HALF. ¦ quality flannelette; pink or blue Si
H . TORCHON LACE, made of very stripe, deep ruffle, finished with silk B
Is best English thread, ; 3 inches wide; buttonhole edge. If we didn't make M
.', B' looks, like .the hand -made linen; best them ourselves you would pay twice O
H possible value for the money.... 6^4c this price 30c V
ImC QnQCNREDP 816 MARKET STREET, |
I J U SI RUOEil«DCnU Running through to 11 O'Farrell. I
H Mail Orders Solicited. » PHELAN BUILDING. |
AHUSEMEIiTS.
SSmIat r 4^1 >
Bel&sco & Thall. Slgrs. rm.
LAST THREE NIGHTS. 'iffMfflef
T.1ST THREE 1CIGHTS. ~<faS£-53Sk
TO-MORROW AND
Our Holiday Fun. P\P|s&5p^l
CHARLEY'S . J^|ip
A Laugh a Minute for 2 Tp> V jttjr
Prices— 16. 50. 75c ' ,/fjL' ll^Ss*
NEXT "WEEK Superb i» '"i'Sj^^lSL^v '
Production of " T H B ' /^^^-
WIFE." %mmmmmiu**mm*
BELASCO"*** THJUASjfcgitySr
*1 "^ CttlZZ CITY tit it
TO-NIGHT. Saturday and Sunday Ev'gs. .
MATIXEES TO-MOKKOW AKD .ECXDAT.
Der.ir.cn Thompson's Great ' Play,
THE TWO
SISTERS.
A TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
Superb Production. Novel Specialties, etc
UDirPC Evenings 10c to 50c
ln.lV.L3 Matinees .10c 16c. 25c
Next Week— The Blr Production,
"LOST IN NEW YORK."
PICOLO'S LILLIPUTIANS,
RITTER'S TRAINED DOGS
AXD LAST TIMES OF
THE GREAT
ORPHEQM ROAD SHOW!
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box
Beats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
f*.fll Hli£!!$i£l sMFB&sascoi
V U kL %9 fW!E5i £1 LEADING THEATEE
LAST 2 NIGHTS and SATURDAY MATINEE.
Mary Mannering
— us—
JANICE MEREDITH.
BEGCsXCCG NEXT MONDAY.
MODJESKA and JAMES
And an Incomparable Company ln
"HENRY VIII.'*
The Mest Complete, Sumptuous and Scholastic
Production l^ver Shown in This City.
BEATS NOW READY!
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY!
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
MINNIE SELIGMAN
IN ! j
"A LADY OF QUALITY."
The Greatest Success of the Season.
P POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 16c 25c. 60c 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats, all Matinees, 25c
NEXT WEEK— MINNIE SELIGMAN' in a
Grand Double Bill of A. Carrano's "CAV-
ALLERIA RUSTICANA" and 'W. S.
Gilberfs "COMEDY .AND
TRAGEDY."
EVEBY EVENING THIS WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SoW BLACK HATT1
iamcus TROUBADOURS
Special Feature — Grand Gold Medal ChamDion
CAKE WALK
TO-NIGHT and Grand Finale To-morrow night
tNext Sunday, Jan. 5,
WHOSE BABY
ARE YOU?
Don't You Remember?
'SEATS HEADY.
Evenlnn at 8 Sharp.
Matinee SATURDAY at 2 Sharp.
•The Holiday Show of the Year."
Ferris Eartman's Merry Extravaganza.
Little Red
Riding Hood
BE SURE AND BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75<v
Telephone Bash 9.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market. Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
SATURDAY "and SUNDAY.
ADailSSIOX gSc AND HOC.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4th, 3 p. in.
Anorslus iKS Pecital
ASSISTED BY THE
FEW VICTOR DISC TALKING MACHINE
Ut. Herbert Williams Will Be the Tenor Solo-
let ut the Occasion.
VAl D2)l\Jl\ rliDE crowding of the Hall.
Tickets Fhould be procured at Sherjnan. Clay
& Co.'b Music Store. Kearny and Satter' ets.
FlSTHFR**? CONCERT HOUSE
Prcf. A. J. Topping; The Scrensens; Palonw
Quartet; Mullen and Lord; Va'.kyra; Ettiel Cui.
Lrctb; Coleman and Mexlt; Billy Johnson, and
Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c
Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
tail stores.' clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
: aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European. plans.Astoria ....... SO. 12 64 44 SW -Cloudy .22
Baker ..30.28 42 36 SW Cloudy T.
Carson 30.24 C8 26 SW Clear .08
Pocatello. Id.30.2S 42 28 SB Cloudy T.
Eureka .......30.32 ¦ 60 '82 8 Cloudy .18
Fresno 30.30 60 38 NW Cloudy .08
Flagstaff 30.20 60 26 SW Cloudy .00
Independence .30.24 58 36 KE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 14 76 60 W Cloudy '.00
fhoenlx 30.12- 72 36 "W Cloudy,. 00
Portland 30.20 60 42 SE Cloudy. -.16
lied Bluff 30.40 52 -48 NW Cloudy .70
Eoseburj ... .30.22 54 42 S Pt.ddy .12
a S K o ' » 3
mnON. I f f f I £#"- .i»-'V f
t9 -"2.3--* • *
* • • ' . t, °
Wheat and' Other Grains.
.WHEAT— The New'; Year, opened 'with a
higher , market, both on and off call, ' In' sym
pathy 'with' an , advance at Chicago ". and a
firmer 'feeling abroad.v ; ', .-;'.;¦. r . : '.': ' '•'..
.- The ¦ demand' at': Chicago purely specula
tive. Th»re was good commission house, buying
and ! large . selling; orders 1 at' 83c. v' The ". feeling
was very bullish > and the '¦ shorts were ' anxious.
Stocks at Minneapolis and; Duluth are expected
to ¦ increase •; 1.050,000 ,- bushels . for^ the ' week, a
large : Increase over last week.' 1. ¦ ¦ .
vi Spot ¦ Wheat— Shipping. ¦' ?1 05@l 06%; -mill-
Ing, ?1 07%(gl 08% per ctl. . .
/ - V , ' ,-*CALL BOARD SALES. - • • •
¦. Informal '-Session— 9:15 ' o'clock— May — 2000
ctls, . $1 00 V* : 2000. $1 09% ." ' , . . v .
¦•: Second Session — May-^-4000 ctls, $1 09%; 8000
$109%: 4O0O. $109%.'. :. . :..' ¦¦¦\ . ...<i ;..v'r
Regular, Mornings Session— May— 24,000. ctls.
$109%.: . ..... -:.. \ ;'; ;-. '. -
Afternoon .; Session— May— 4000 ,¦ ctls, ?1 09% ;
TUB COAST RECORD.
Dried Fruits; Nuts -and Raisins.
• The situation continues very strong; for sell
erf;' with , light supplies and a good ] demand.
. FRUITS^-Apricots, 7@8%c'for Royals and 8
@13c for , standard - to fancy ¦ Moorparks ; ' Evap
orated .-'Apples, \ 7@8%c;- sun-dried; ¦ 4@4Uc:
Poaches, 5@7%c; ! Poars. 4%@8%c; '. Plums,
pitted., 4@5%c;unpitted. l@2c; i Nectarines, 5<g>
6%c for red and 5%@6%c for. white; Figs, 4c
lor black and- 60@75c per.. box for 1 white.
• PRUNES-^-1901 crop ' are qu6ted as follows :
80-40's.- 6@6%c;' 40-50' s. 4%@5%c;! 50-60' s, 4Vi
@4%c;:;60-70's,- 3%@4Mc; 70®80's. . 3Vi@3%c:
80-00' s. 2%@3 V*c; 90-100-s,' 2%.@2%c < per lb.
: - RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box) : Clusters —
Imperial,- $3-.i Dehesa, $2 50; -fancy,: $1 75; 4
crown." $1 iiO;ll London „ Layers.-^-Three-crown,
$1 35 ; <. two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb : Stand
ard r , loose ' Muscatels — Four-crown, '- 5%c; three
crown, 5%c;; two-crown, 4%c;' Seedless Musca
tels, -5c; ' Seedless,. Sultanas,-: 5%c;. Thompson
Seedless, 0}£c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, >8%c;
choice, ., 7 %c;; standard, , 6%c;.' prime, •• 5%c; > un
bleached Sultanas, 5c; ; Bleached i Thompson's—^
Extra fancy, 'lie; fancy,; 10c; choice, 9c; stand-
Charges Are Reduced.
. James Sullivan, who was arrested while
attempting to break Into the store ot
"Welnstock. Lubln & Co., Taylor and Mar
ket streets, and was charged with at
tempt to commit burglary, had the charge
reduced to.attempt to commit petty lar
ceny br Judge Conlan yesterday. He was
convicted and sentenced to four months in
the County Jail.
Thomas Atwood, charged with burglary
for stealing three boxes of cigars from k
showcase at.the Red Front store on Mir.
ket street, had the charge. reduced to pet
ty larceny, by Judge Mogan yesterdav and
was sentenced to •six months In the Coun
ty jail. ..
Damage Suit Filed.
Charles A. Smith, guardian of Lewis A.
Smith, a laborer, who was burned by
molten metal at the foundry of the Cali
fornia. Manuf acturlngr ¦ Company at 64a
Townaend street last October, la suing the
flrrn for $5350 damages. Smith claims that
owing to the Injuries he received he la un
able to work.
Exchange- and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, : CO days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange,: sight — . 4 87%
Sterling Cables : ".... — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight... :. — < 02%
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 05'
Silver, per ounce.....*.;..... ... — 65%
Mexican -Dollars, 1 , nominal...... 44% ' @ ; 45 ¦
NEW YORK, Jan. 2. — FLOUR— Receipts,
36,800 barrels; exports, 12,900 barrels; fairly
active and firm at old prices. ' , .'
WOOL— Steady
¦WHEAT— Receipts, 208,050 bushels; exports,
13,200 bushels; epot,; firm. No. 2 red,, 89^0
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 87%c elevator;'* No." 1
Northern Duluth, 88%c v f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 95c f . - o. '. b. afloat.' - Options
opened firm on cables and. foreign buying. After
a brief reaction, due to short selling, ¦. they
turned strong and active on heavy outside buy-
Ing at Chicago, , a fair Wall-street , demand
vigorous covering and small offerings. ¦ Later
they reflected disappointing export demand and
closed steady at%®%c net advance. May. 87
@87 15-16C, closed 87c.
HOPS — Quiet. ~ . -
¦ HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy.' No. 7 Invoice, 7c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc.*: Futures closed
Eteady at a net decline of 16@25 points." Total
sales. .65,250 bags, including: 'January ' 6 70c -
March. 6.80@6.85c; • May, . 7@7.05c; . June, - 7.10c'
September," 7.35®7.*0c; . November, • 7.50@7 55c'
December, 7.55(5. 7.60c. .".. - ¦¦¦'
SUGAR— Raw, steady; Fair refining,; 3 Uc
centrifugal, 96 test, ? 3%c. Molasses - sugar'
2%c.'- 1 Refined was steady. '¦;..' . '
DRIED I FRUITS,
, NEW YORK, Jan.'. 2.— A" good : run of orders
from exports : was -experienced? in; the, market
for evaporated apjjles. Choice and fancy grades
* — . ; — — . —
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances ' In the - general fund/
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold in the division
of redemption, shows: Available cash balance,
$171,603,278; gold, $112, 800, 534.-
CAT.T, CALENDAR.
January, 1902.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan.' 2, 1902 — 5 i>. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with thoee of the same date
last eeason and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Staticms — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ©-10 16.31 21.90
Red Bluff 0.70 10.36 8.92
Sacramento 0.33 6.31 7.C8
fian Francisco 0.14 5.94. 7.26
Fresno 0.08 3.25 5.43
Independence ' 0.00 1.34 2.31
fian LuU Obispo. ... Trace 4.5G 10.20
Los Angeles 0.00 " S.4« 6.79
£an Diego 0.00 0.77 1.73
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
56; minimum. 49; mean, 52. •
The following maximum and . minimum tem-,
reratures were .reported from Eastern stations:
TJoeton ........ ...15-121 Omaha ..........44-24
Vtnclnnatl ....... 42-32 1 Duluth 30-10
f-.illadelphla 22-201 Salt Lake City... 44-32
New York 20-l*Chlcago ...40-34
K8nsa* City 60-i^Rt. Louis 60-42
Jacksonville 64-48 i Washington ..... .34-24
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Eastern Cranberries are no longer in suffi
cient supply to quote.
Four and perhaps five cars of Oranges will
be , offered at j to-day's | auction and also a few
Lemons.' 'These 1 ' goods show :.. little change.
Other fruits are as previously quoted. : \ -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
.. -APPLES— $l*50@l 76 per box for extra, 75c
@$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c ' for. ordi
nary; Lady Apples, 75c@$l 50. . •
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box
PERSIMMONS— 50® 65c per. box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay, $2 60 per box.
-CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards, $1 2S@1 50 for choice and $1 75
@2 25 - for - fancy; Seedlings, . 50c@$l; Tanger
ines, - $1 25@1- 50; Japanese Mandarins, . 75c@
$1 ; ; Lemons, -¦ 50c@$l ' for ' common and - $1 ' 50@2
for ' good ; to '¦ choice, ¦ and - $2 50@3 - for • fancy ;
Grape Fruit, $2@2 50; Mexican- Limes -$4Q>
4 50; Bananas. $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New
Orleans and 75c®31 .75 for Hawaiian ;• Pineap
ples, . $3@-l per dozen. :
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.— Money on call was
firm at 7@10 per cent, closing bid and asked
8@9 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 5@5%
per cent. I Sterling exchange • was ; firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86%@
4 86% for demand and at $4 83% for : sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 84% and $4 87%. Com
mercial bills. $4 87%@4 87%. Bar eilver, 55%c.
Mexican dollars, 44c. Bonds — Governments,
irregular; States, inactive; railroads, irregular.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Jan. 2. — WHEAT— Quiet; blue
stem. 63c; club, 62c.
; PORTLAND, Jan. 2.— WHEAT— Firm ; Walla
Walla, 62c; valley, 62c; blue stem, 63c. ' :
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 097,495 bushels.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON, Jan. 2.— Consols, 94 3-16. Silver,
25 13-16d. : : French rentes, lOOf 22%c. 'Cargoes
on 'passage,, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard' California, 30s '4%d;' cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 2.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard Calif ornla, ; 6s 5d..
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. 2—4 p. m. ¦
Bid.Ask. I Rid A«V
Alpha 01 021 Justice ...... 08 07
Alta 05 08|Kentuck 02
Andes 01 02 1 Lady Wash... 01 -"
Belcher 11 12 Mexican ..... 4! 43
Best & Belchr 13 15 Occidental ... 08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 8S 90
Caledonia .... 22 23 Overman .... 00 10
Challenge Con 13 15 Potosi 11 12
Chollar 07 08 Savage 05 Ofi
Confidence ... — 65 Scorpion — 04
Con C & V...1 60 1 70 Seg Belcher.. 02 0.1
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 22 24
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill 52- B.i
Crown Point. . 09 10 St Louis — 04
Eureka Con.. .20 — Standard ....3 50
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... — 09
Gould & Curry 08 10 Union Con.... 19 20
Hale & Norcrs 16 . 18 Utah : 06 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket OS 10
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, 2 Or., Jan. 2. — Clearings, $643,
689; balances. $68,732.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market stood the ' same all . around, be
ing steady, . with light stocks of fine; Butter
and Eggs ¦ and heavy supplies of Cheese. - . Ar
rivals of Eggs, however, were larger, as will
be seen.-'., ¦ , ¦' * " . ¦ • .' .
Receipts 1 were 28,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 646 cases of Eggs,
cases * of Eastern I£ggs, 2800 pounds of
California Cheese 'and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.. ¦' : \ : , . ' . < . ' : ¦ '.•',.•
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c ¦ per lb for
fancy and , 20(^23c tor seconds; dairy, 17%#
22%c; store Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery
Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll. 18®19c; Keg. 16@18c
P< CHEESE — New, ll%@12cf old, 10@llc;
Young America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS — Rajich, ¦ 34@35c for selected large, 31
@33c for good to • choice and 30@33c for fair;
Etore, 24@27%c , per dozen; cold storage, 20@
25c; Eastern, 20@26c. -• ;¦ . -. r" ;
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say; "The
market is very quiet at all points at the mo
ment and trade from now until after January
1 is likely to be trifling. The general tone is
strong, however, and with epot stocks moder
ate an active and healthy condition is looked
for during the early month of 1902. Prunes
are firmer on the coast, new Santa Claras be
ing more generally held at a 3%c basis. Some
eizes are still available %c less. Some business
was reported in email Elzes at a 3%c basis,
t. o. b. coast. Visalias were quoted from the
coast yesterday at a 3c basis, but some va
rieties other than Santa Claras, it is under
stood, still offer at %c less. Oregons are most
ly held at a 2%c basis, this being an advance
of lc over the price which prevailed not many
•weeks back. Raisins continue withdrawn by
nearly all packers in California, but some still
quote loose Muscatels on the basis of the last
advance. New prices will be made by the
seeding combine, it is expected, after the first
of the year. Currants are firm at 5%c for
Amalias on the spot, sale of 100 barrels being
made at that figure. Goods to arrive per Mlr
amlr, now due, are mostly held at 5%c.
Peaches and apricots are Bteady but very dull.
Evaporated apples are quiet.' raspberries easier
and blackberries ecarce and wanted."
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2. — The Commercial-Ad
vertiser's London financial- cablegram says: ,
There was activity all around In the stock
market to-day with a buoyant finish in South
Africans and consols being particularly strong
on the expectation that the new year's divi
dends will seek Investment. ¦ • :
American issues are broadening, although
mainly on professional support. The Continent
was a buyer of United States Steel, Erie and
Atchison. There was a steady improvement
all day. • ¦ .-.>-. ;
Copper shares were hard although stocks in
creased 884 tons and supplies 1159 tons. »• •
Money was • easy on the turn of : the year
with calls at 2% per cent, and finishing un
tenable.
The bank return showed an increase of
£12.000,000 (in other securities), which repre
sents a record market . borrowing, but . there
is no apparent squeeze.". .
British Westinprhouse rose on the New York
yarn about the Morgan merger, . -which | is of
ficially ridiculed. It is announced that' the
Morgan interests bought 100,000 shares of Cot
tonseed . Oil. ' ' , ' .
*-— — — j — *
-. The new year opened quietly in local stocks
and bonds. On the Bond Exchange California
Wine Association advanced to $95 and Gas and
Electric declined to $39 75. On the Oil Ex
change California Standard continued active
at 32@36c. '
Business was livelier In .the afternoon. Gas
and Electric was rather' firmer at $40.
The San , Jose Water Company will pay- a
dividend of 50c per share next week.
The California Wine Association will pay a
dividend of 60 cents per share on the 10th.
• The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Sacramento Electric, Gas and Railway Com
pany, regular monthly, 15c per share, amount-
Ing to $12775 90; Fireman's Fund, regular quar
terly. $3. amounting to $30,000; San Francisco
National Bank, semi-annual, 5 per- cent,
amounting to $25,000; German Savings and
Loan, semi-annual. - $50 per share, amounting
to $60,000; Union Trust Company, semi-annual,
$21 per share, amounting to $26,250; Security
Savings Bank, semi-annual, $7 60 per : share,
amounting to $9000; -Savings, and Loan So
ciety, semi-annual. $3 per shara, amounting to
$30,000; San Francisco Savings Union, semi
annual. S15 per share, amounting to $60,000;
Mutual Savings Bank, semi-annual, 90c per
share. ¦ amounting to $9000; Humboldt Savings
and Loan, semi-annual, $30 per share, amount
ing to $9000.
The Columbus Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3}4 per cent per annum
on all deposits, payable immediately.
The Giant Powder Company Con. >as de
clared a dividend of 75c per share, payable on
the 10th. ' ¦¦¦¦•-. ¦ ¦ ¦
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared
a dividend of 35c per share, payable on the 6th.
The California Street Cable Comoany will
pay a dividend of 50c per share on the 8th. . '
Sales of bonds and stocks on the Bend Ex
change in December were as follows:'
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
200. . Steady at the former advance of 10c.
Good to prime, $6 20@7 75;- poor to medium,
$4@6 25; stockcrs and feeders, $2@4 25; cows,
$1 25@4'-65; heifers, $2@5 25; canners, $1 25@
2 30; bulls. $2 25@4 65; calves, $3@6 20; Texas
fed steers, $3@4 90. ". '. " -
. HOGS — Receipts to-day,' 40,000. Opened
weak, closed firm. Mixed and butchers, $6ffi>
6 60; good to choice heavy. $6 35@G 70; rough
heavy, $6@6 35; light, $6@6 25; bulk of sales,
$6 10@C 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000. Sheep steady to
strong.' Lambs strong to 10c higher. Good to
choice .wethers. $4 25@4 85; fair to 'choice
mixed, $3 50@-l 25; Western sheep, fed,'. $4 25
@4 60; native lambs, $3 50@6 10; Western
lambs, fed, $5^5 90. . . '
S ST. JOSEPH,' Jan. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000. Market steady. Natives, $3 25(S7 35:
cows and heifers, $1 50@5 35; • veals, $2 50®
5 75: stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 3.V 1
HOGS— Receipts, 9200. Steady to 5c lower;
Light and ! mixed, $5 75(ffi6 40: medium and
heavy. $6 30@6 80; pigs. $3 75@4 75.
. SHEEP — Receipts, . 550. Strong to 1 10c
higher. , Lambs, $6@6 25; top ewes, $4.
Poultry and Game.
1 With the exception" of live and dressed.Tur
keys, which continued' sib w and depressed un
der liberal supplies, Poultry was again In good
shape for sellers, being in light receipt -and
firm. A. good many dressed Turkeys, carried
over, from New Year's, were offering.
Game showed little change. Receipts were
124 sks. .
: Another car of Eastern Poultry came In,
making 7 thus far this week. .
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 12%@15c;
Live Turkeys. 12%@13%cy for Gobblers and 13
@14c for Hens; 1' Geese, per ¦ pair. $1 50@l 75;
Goslings. $1 75@2; Ducks, $4 50@5 for old and
$6@7 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50;' young
Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
$4@4 50: Broilers, 54@5 for large and $3@3 50
for : small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen j for
old. and $1 75@2 for Squabs. . ¦ .-
GAME — Doves, per ¦ dozen,' $1 • Hare, | $1(3
1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for Brush; Mallard, $3@3 50; Canvasback,
$3if?4; Sprig. $1 75@2; Teal. 1 .' $1 25@1 50;
Widgeon $1 25; Small Ducks, $1@1 25; Black
Jack, $1;- English Snipe. $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50;
Gray Geese. $3@3 50; White . Geese, $1 60;
Brant,' $1 50@2 per dozen; .Honkers, $3@4 50.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan.' 2.— Cotton closed steady,
3 points lower.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In • the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
r.00 Crown Point.. 08 2C0 Sierra Nevada 20
2000 Mexican 36 200 Silver Hill 40
500 Overman :... 10 600 Union Con.... 18
100 Savage 06 100 Utah ; 06
500 Savage 05
Afternoon Session
500 Belcher 12 500 Savage 05
600 Best & Belchr 14 200 Sierra Nevada 23
.600 Crown Point.. 09 400 Sierra Nevada 22
1400 Mexican 43 1000 Silver Hill . ... 85
60 Mexican 44 800 Union Con.... 1»
100 Ophlr ....... 90 600 Utah 07
3300 Potosi 12
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
350 Alta 08 200 Mexican 41
200 Belcher 12 200 Mexican 42
200 Best & Belchr 13 300 Occidental ... 09
300 Chollar 06 200 Ophir 89
100 Con C & V.I 62% 100 Potosi It
200 Con C & V...1 65 300 Poto»t 12
400 Crown Point.. 08 200 Savage 06
800 Gould & Curry 07 SCO Savage ...... 05
200 Mexican 39 300 Silver Hill 42
300 Mexican 40 500 Union Con.... IS
Afternoon Session
300 Belcher 12 100 Ophlr .*....... 90
350 Best & Belchr 14 500 Ophlr 91
600 Best & Belchr 15 1500 Potosi ....... 12
100 Con C & Va..l 65 500 Sierra Nevada
300 Gould & Curry CS 300 Silver Hill 45
600 Justice 06 200 Union Con. ... 19
300 Mexican 42 30O Union Con.... IS
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller
¦reports stocks of grain In warehouse and on
wharf January 1 as follows. In tons:
December 1, 1901 — Wheat.
Port Costa .".. 68,077
etockton 55 951
City 689
January 1, 1902 — ;: ".-%¦
Port Costa 64,650
Stockton 47,316
City 962
December 1. 1901 — Barley.
Port Costa 35,302
Etockton 15,386
City 3,213
January 1, 1902^ —
Port Costa 23,836
Stockton ..'. 12,564
City .' 2,974
December 1, 1901 —
Oats -. 7,500
Corn 206
Bran 305
January 1, 1902 — •
Oats 8,207
Corn 573
Bran 171
Receipts In December were 31,845 tons barley.
4918 tons cats, 793 tons corn and 1723 tons
bran.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 2.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 832/Oats, ctls 2.760
Flour, qr sks... 21,188 Wool, sks 56
Wheat, ctls 1.030 Hops, bales..... 28
Barley, ctls 5,100 Potatoes, sks... 6.611
Oats, ctls 3,300 Chicory, sks.... 40
Feed, sks 700 Tallow, ctls. .... -29
Beans, sks 346 Brandy, gals.... 15 750
Rye. ctls 060 Wine, gals 64,900
Corn, ctls 869 Leather, rolls... 272
Onions, sks 1,228 Hides. No t>87
Bran. sks....... 820 Pelts, bdls... ... 4,603
Middlings, sks.. 749 Sugar, ctls 5,360
Hay, tons ... 700 ' .
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports. of Quicksil\-$r In December were 270
flasks, valued at $12,250. The total exports for
the year were 5478 flasks, valued at $243,601,
against 7299 flasks, valued at $337,009. in 1900.
Nezv' York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. ,2.-^Qulet conditions pre
vailed in metal circles at i home and abroad.
Tin at London eased off JOs owing to slow
business, and closed easy at £105 15s for spot
and £103 15s for futures. Locally the market
was quiet and barely steady at $23 15@23 75.
Copper in , London was without change ana
very quiet, spot-'being quoted at £49 and fu
tures at. £49 12s. 6d. At . New York copper
was unsettled and 'nominally unchanged at $16
for Lake Superior, 12% for electrolytic and
12% for casting. . ¦ . . '- ¦, '_¦ .
Lead was dull and unchanged at New York
and at London, • closing at $4 and £10 3s 3d
respectively.-
Spelter declined 2s 6d to £16 12s 6d at Lon
don, but remained dull and unchanged here
at $4 35.
Iron was quiet and unchanged. Piglron war
rants. $10 50@ll 50; No: 1 Northern foundry,
$15 50@16; No. 2 Northern foundry. $15015 50;
No. 1- Southern foundry, $15 50@16; -No. ¦-¦¦ 1
Southern foundry, soft, $15@17.
Glasgow Iron warrants closed at 19s Id and
Middlesboro closed at 43s 3d. ¦¦,'.-•'- ; "
Exports of IVine and Brandy.
WTNE — Exports of Wine from this port by
«ea in December were 680,380 gallons and 384
cases, valued at $230,335. The total exports
»ince January 1 were 5,549,901 gallons and
11,339 cases, valued at $L9S7,4S6, against
S,800.621 gallons and 6162 cases, valued at
fl.656,119, in 1900.
BRANDY — Exports of Brandy during the
Oionth were very light, being 9 cases and 51
rallons. valued at $93. The total exports from
January 1 to date were 58 cases and 4394 gal
lons, valued at $4691.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were ample . and of
Onions rather large, but both ¦ descriptions re
mained unchanged. The market is overstocked
with frost-bitten and otherwise poor; sweets,
which are slow, but there is a good demand
for sound stock. -¦ . .
The wide range in Peas and Beans from Los
Angeles is due to ' the appearance of more or
less frost-bitten stock from that quarter. Poor
Cucumbers from the Bay are in liberal supply,
but meet with little demand. ¦ ¦ ; ~
¦ POTATOES — 80c@$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks. '$1 30@l 65; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 20@l 60; River Reds, $1 50®
1 CO; Early Rose, for seed, $1 10@l-25; Sweets,
25!g90c for Merced. . !
ONIONS— $1 65@1 S5 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
@1 90. .-•¦¦¦¦¦
"VEGETABLES — Green Peas from . Los j An
geles, 3@6c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
6@8c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes. $1 25@1 50 per box and $1 25@2 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9@12%c per lb; Los An
geles do. 15@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@15c per
lb; Carrots. 35@50c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@
75c; hothouse do, 75c per dozen; -Garlic, 1%@
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers,' 6@8c; Egg
Plant, from Los Angeles, 15c; Summer Squash,
from Los Angeles,. $1 25@1 75; Marrowfat
Squash, $3(g8 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $56t>;
Mushrooms, nominal.
New York Stock Market:
NEW YORK, Jan.>2.— The first day of trad
ing of the new year on the Stock Exchange was
signalized by a Jump in the volume of trad-
Ing to upward of a million shares. The coal
pti. and the Pacifies were easily the leaders
in the market, but the dealings were broadly
distributed and the ¦ strength was fairly dis
seminated through ' the general list. The In
dustrial stocks were inconspicuous except for
a few of the most important issues, euch aa
United States Steel. Sugar and 'Amalgamated
Copper and People's Gas. Amalgamated Cop
per had a period of weakness during the early
part of the day and Sugar showed occasional
relapses. There was very heavy realizing in
the course of the day, but the offerings were
well taken and at a cost of on.ly fractional
losses in the prices. The way in which one
stock or group of stocks and then another was
brought forward into the advance was char
acteristic of the methods of professional oper
ators of large caliber and as each new point of
strength developed the preceding stocks were
sold to realize. In this way the equipoise
was maintained and speculative holdings were
transferred from one quarter to another, per
meating the whole market. The demand was
apparently . based on general considerations of
a good prospect of continued prosperity of the
country for the new year and the hope of an
early relaxation in the money market Call
loar; rates were not so Etringent as on Monday
and Tuesday, but the money market continued
stiff and the bulk of operations was appar
ently by those not dependent for resources on
the call loan market. The Inspired intima
tions of the completion of the retirement of
Northern Pacific preferred and of the rapid
progress of exchange Into the Northern Securi
ties Company's stock had a notable effect in
relieving the depression " which . has been
caused by the fears that that project would
be obstructed before its successful consum
mation. The payment ; for redemption of
Northern Pacific preferred was believed to be
a factor in relieving the money market. The
prospect of a further effect from the large
January disbursements was an additional mo
tive in the speculation. With the Northern
Pacific project out of the way, it is believed
that other projects for combinations . will be
pushed forward.' It is confidently believed
that the anthracite coalers are destined for
euch a combination. The speculation in this
group and the Pacifies to-day may be at
tributed to th«>se causes. The buying of Balti
more & Ohio was by the same brokers con
spicuous in the operations In the anthracite
group.
Amalgamated Copper was helped by the firm
ness of the raw copper market in London and
by rumors that a powerful syndicate had been
formed to hold the company's accumulated
stocks of copper. The closing was active and
easy on realizations.
The railway bond market was active and
broad and there was a good absorption of high
grade bonds. Total sales, $4,640,000.
United States refunding 2s and the old 4s
declined % and the 5s advanced % per cent
on the last call. ' .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Stocks. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 25.600 81% 80% 81%
Atchison pfd 10,800 103% 102% 103%
Baltimore & Ohio. 18,500 108 107 107%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 1,400 97 96 96%
Canadian Pacific .. 14,800,117 113% 116
Canada Southern .. 200 80>£ 80 86
Che B & Ohio 9,400 4S% 47% 48%
Chicago & Alton.. 900 36 35% 35%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 400 76%' 76% 76%
Chic Ind & Louis.. 5,600 54 53 53%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 300 77 77 76%
Chic"& East 111 .. 134%
Chic & Great West 3,400 24% 24% 24»4
Chic&GWApfd .... 81
Chic & G W B pfd. 200 47% 46% 47
Chic & Northwest. 500 209 207 208
Chic R I & P 11,200 158% 154 157
Chic Ter & Trans.. 100 16% 16% 16
Chic Ter Tr pfd.,. 100 31 31 30%
C C C & St Louis.. 400 9S% 97*4 973?
Colo Southern .;.. 6,900 15% 15 15$
Colo South 1st pfd. 2,700 60% 60 60%
Colo South 2d pfd.. 1,900 29 -28% 28%
Del & Hudson 3,600 179% 178% 17S%
Del Lack & West.. 1.300 201 259 257%
Denver & Rio G... COO 46 45>4 45i£
D & R G pfd. ex div 1,200 93% 93 93%
Erie 103,500 44% 43% 44
Erie 1st pfd....... 21.300 75% - 75 75
Erie 2d pfd 15,500 63% 61% 63 "
Great Northern pfd 1.800 187% 184% 1R7%
Hocking Valley.... 2.500 71% 71 70»|
Hocking Val pfd... 400 84% 83% 85
Illinois Central.... 3,800 141% 139% 140%
Iowa Central 1.700 40% 38 40%
Iowa Central pfd.. 2,300 74% 72% 73
Lake E & West... 100 70% 70%. 70%
Lake E & W pfd *
Louisville & Nash. 5,100 107% 107 ".' 107%
Manhattan L 8,900 138% 137%' 137%
Met St Railway... 1.R00 163% 162% 163
Mexican Central... 14,500 28 26% ¦• *»774
Mexican National.. 14,700 15% 14% 15 '*'
Minn & St Louis.. 600 107% 106% 106%
Mo Pacific ....... 31.000 107 106 io8%
Mo Kan & Tex.... 2.000 "26% 26W •>«#
Mo Kan & Tex prd 1,400 63% 52% 5"t|
N J Central »....-. .... % ¦,§>
N Y Central...... 6.200 168% 167% 168V4
Norfolk & West... 9,700 MU 68 68%
Norfolk & W pfd ....... 5?a?
Ontario & West... 19,800 30% 35% 35 3
Pennsylvania 47.200 151% lHOll 151 iZ
Reading 88.400 R9 57% CRT4
Reading 1st p£d... 20,100 .83% 82% satf
Reading 2d pfd.... 41,800 06% C4% CO
S L & San Fran.. 2.800 57% 55% 571/
st l & s f ist pfd ..... ..:: . . 2A2
St L & S F 2d pfd. 4,900 75 - 73% 74s?
St L Southwestern. 300 28 ¦ 27% 27^
St L SW pW 800 59% 59% 09
St Paul .......... 47.500. 168% 165% 107%
St Paul pfd -..„ .... 188
Southern Pacific... 40,300 ' C2 00% CITi
Southern Railway. 17,300 34% 34 K 34%
Southern Ry pfd.. 6.600 94% 93x1 94Z?
Texas &. Pacific... 2.500 4014 3O«4 -*oS
Tol S L & W..-:JV; ..... .... .. . i S %
Tol S L & W pffl.. 900 36 35% 3G
Union Pacific;. .-. . . B9.600 104% J.03M ' 104
Union Pacific pfd. 6,400 91% . !)0% -.90T4
Wabash- 1.100 22%. 22% 22»i
Wabanh pfd 2.300 43% 42% '42%
•Wheeling & L J5.. - 8OO 18% IS lS^i
W. & L E 2d pfd..- 1,800 30 30 30
WUconela. Central. 1,300 21% 20%' '20%
. LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat — • March. May.
Opening 6 3 6 3%
Closing .' 0 3% . 6 3%
PARIS. . I
Wheat — • Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening . . . .
Closing
Flour —
Opening ..... , .....
Closing ...... :....:..;.;. ......
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue very steady, but there lo
not - much business reported. Everybody is
waiting for the expected shipping demand. .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30® 2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 80@3;.Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink, $1 80@2 10; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye,
$3 50(83 60; Limas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. -
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Canary,
S%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
8%c; Rape,- 1%<8:1%c; Hemp. 3%c per'lb. •
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 25@1 65; Green,
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
, On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 15@23%c; dairy,
14®20c. Cheese,, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
23%@24c. r
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c: Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton ; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 60; Coos
Bay, $.1 50; Wallsend, $8 50; co-operative Walls
end, $S 50; Cumberland. (12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $3 45 ner 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, ac
cordins to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
67c; raw, 65c; cases, 5c ' more ; Lucol, 58c for
boiled and 5Cc for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 90c;
China Nut, 55@>2c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c;"tJocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 53%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gfcsollne. in bulk, 15c; in
cases 21%c: Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c; 8B-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 58%c per gallon In cases
and 52c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bass:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.00c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c;
Dry Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners* A, 4.80c:
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated, (100
1b bags only). 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c: Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
SO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoa.
half -barrels, 5.30c: boxes, 5.55c per lb.
Articles — ; Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 89,000 70,000
Wheat, bushels* 94,000 47,000
Corn, bushels .....217,000 79.000
Oats, bushels' 230,000 -181,000
Rye, bushels 18,000 3,000
Barley, bushels ............. 65,000 18,000
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS . AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen steadily over the
entire country west of the Rocky Mountains
and has fallen slowly through the Rocky
Mountain region. The storm on the Oregon
coast has moved northward, but may recurve.
Rain has fallen in moderate quantities from
Cape Mendocino northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 3; 1902:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
light northerly, changing to fresh southerly,
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, probably rain in northern por
tion; fresh southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday: light southerly
winds.
Internal Revenue.
Receipts of internal revenue In this district
luring the month of December, 1901, were as
follows: Beer, $80,700; Spirits, $82,090; To
bacco, $24,199: Documentary Stamps, $24,630;
Proprietary Stamps. $6591; miscellaneous, $14,
$11; total $232,611. against $267,274 in De
eember, 1900. The total collections In 1901
were $3,686,751, against $4,019,0S8 in 1900.
Exports of hlour and Grain.
FLOUR— Exports of Flour from this port by
«ea during the month of December, 1901," were
66,856 barrels, valxJed at $267,649, against 118,
120 barrels, valued at $365,318, during Decem
ber. 19C0. For the first six months of the crop
»-ear, commencing- July 1. these exports were
W7.0S4 barrels, valued at $1,850,412. against
(85,973 barrels, valued at $1,576,546, during the
tame period last year.
WHEAT — Exports- of Wheat in December
were 1,426,473 ctls. valued at $1,483,823,
igainst SOS. 667 ctls, valued at $622,398, in De
tember. 1900. Since July 1 these exports were
t.475,239 ctls. valued at $4,518,353, against
B,128,«i32 ctls, valued at $3,273,298, In 1900.
BARLEY — The ¦ shipments of Barley In De
cember were 616,200 ctls. valued at $470,226.
tgainst 94.725 ctls, valued at $91,924, in De-
Jember. 1900. The total exports from July 1 to
December 31 were .".415,014 ctls, valued at
t3,126.865. against 1,450,525 ctls, valued at
11,385,348. during the same period in 1900.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Indications of rain and . larger receipts gave
the Hay market a weaker appearance, though
there was no change in prices.
Bran has again advanced 50c per ton. Rolled
Barley is higher, in sympathy with the raw
grain. Corn products stand as before. ,
BRAN — $18@1S5O i>er ton. S
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 50 per ton.
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake ' Mer.l at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing, $2S50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20® 21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed, $16@17.
- HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, $9@11 50; Oat,- $7 50@10 50; . Barley
and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa, $8@10; Clover.
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer, $0@8 50; Stock, $5 50®
$7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 30® 47%c per bale.
Cash quotations- were as -, follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 • spring • wheat, 79%c; No. 3
spring, 76c; No.:2 red, 85@87%c; No. 2 oats,
46%c; No. 2 white,' 48%c; No. 3, white, 47%@
48%c; No. 2 rye, 66%c; fair to choice malt
ing. barley, 58%®66Vjc; No. ' 1 flaxseed, $1 78;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 61; ¦ prime timothy
seed. $6 05;- mess pork, per •barrel. : $10 85®
16 90; lard, per 100 pounds, $9 95@10; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 50@S 60; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7%®7%c; ¦ short clear sides
(boxed), $8 05@8 10; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade, $9 60
@0 G5.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market. shows no change, , being firm,
with light stocks.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7%@8%c for Steers and 6%®7c per
lb for Cows. " . >
VEAL— Large, 7@8%c; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8S8%c; Ewes, 7%@Sc
per lb.
LAMB — 9«@9%c per lb H
PORK— Live Hosts, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; sows 20 per cent off;
boars. 30 per cent oft. and stags 40 per cent
off from the- above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7@8%c. •htVfJ-
The New Merchants' Exchange.
The nevr Merchants' Exchange formally ab
icrbed the Produce Exchange yesterday, and
the business of the letter will hereafter be
tarried on under the former name, but other
tflse the Produce Exchange rules will govern
rts members as heretofore, with little alter
ation. *
Sacramento ..80.34 58 48 E aear .33
Salt Lake 30.34 30 24 SE Rain .30
San Francisco.30.38 56 48 N Clear .14
S. L. Obispo. .30.26 70 38 NW Cloudy T.
San Diego... .30. 10 72 56 - NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.14 54 46 S Cloudy .07
Spokane 30.22 44 32 SE Rain .28
Neah Bay 30.02 52 48 E Rain .92
Walla Walla. SO. 24 40 34 S Rain .10
Winnemucca' .30.26 56 34 SW Cloudy T.
Yuma 30.10 76 44 N Clear .00
Flour and Millstuffs.
Prices" for Flour were advanced 25o all
around yesterday. This Is the first .change for
a long time. • ¦¦ ' . ••
FLOUR— California Family Extras, " $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; -Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3 25 for . Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', S3®
3 25. -. ¦ ¦ - ¦ /: : . : ' : . • ¦' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount' to the' trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4<g4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50 ; Farina, $4 60 ; , Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 850
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley; $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
. Articles— \ . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
January ....... 78% 79 78%
May ....... 82% 83% 82 » . 82%
July ........... 81$ 82% 81% 82%
Corn No. 2 — ' ¦ ,
January ....... 63% 63% 63% 63%
May 66% .67 : 66% ' 6B%
July .. . ' 66 66% 65% 66
' Oats No. 2— • . •
May.. ..... 45% 46% 45% 46%
July 39% 40 39% 30vg
September .....' 33% 83% 33% . <J3-5j
Mess pork, per barrel-
January 16 67% 16 87% 16 67% 16 85
May ;..:.. 17 20 17.37% 17 20 1« 80
: Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦ , •.•¦•• ¦ ¦' .
January 9 85 10 00 « 9 82% 10 00. •
May 0 87% 10 02% 9 87% 10 00
I Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
January.. .; ¦ 8 57%
May.... ...8 75 8 85 8 75 8 82%
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands aell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, . lCc; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stars. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry'Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands.
16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 40®60c each; medium. 60@85c; long
Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 60
@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for larsre, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Amroraa, ¦ 76c; large and smooth. ~ 60c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 8%©6o p«r lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquln. 6®8c: San Joa
quin. Lambs', 7%@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c
par pound. • • .
HOPS — 0@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@13c
for shipment.
Flour marked up' 25c. -
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged. t}
Wheat and Barley advanced slightly. . 1 •
Oats rising under a boom up north.
Corn rather higher, but dull. Rye steady. <
Hay weaker under signs of rain.
Rolled Barley higher. Bran advanced again.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Eastern Cranberries about closed out.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as before.
Provisions quiet here and firmer at Chicago.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Four or five cars of Oranges for to-day's auction.
Turkeys depressed under liberal supplies. Other Poultry firm.
Potatoes and Onions as previously quoted. ' \
Los Angeles Peas and Beans coming. in frostbitten.
*-— 7. ¦' . . . t ¦ : — ' r— *
CHICAGO,; Jan. 2.— The wheat pit saw' a
broad and active session, with a tone which
ruled' strong throughout the greater part- of
the day. • The early tone was easier on Indlf-'
ferent cables and the crowd was influenced to
sell. ; Receipts, however, were" small and -the
prediction of "a cold wave set outsiders to buy
ing. To help bulls deliveries also^ were small.
The,,bears were aggressive and fought! every
advance, --but the general sentiment seemed to
be against them and prices steadily moved up
ward. . May," which opened %c lower to , %c
higher at 82@82%c. wavered after a small ad
vance and sold . under to 81%@82c, then ad
vanced to 83%c. closing firm, %c up, at 82%c.
Corn, on the. whole, followed ; wheat. May
corn closed rather firm, %@%c up,- at 66 1 /-®
Oats were dull but strong. May closed %c
up at 46%c. , .
Pro^slons were led by lard. Local - traders
did the buying. -Deliveries were liberal, but
the ¦ grain strength 1 and ¦ some short covering
kept the tone steady. May. pork ; closed un
changed. May -lard 2%c lower- and ribs un
changed to 2% c lower. ' ¦ : . ,
The leading futures ranged -as follows: v
Wls Central pfd... 700 42 «, 42U. 42 '
Express Companies-^-
Adams ; _ , _ _ .... 195
American ........... • * 207
United States 200 07% 9"" '96
Wells-Fargo . .... ¦ ig5
¦ Miscellaneous — " ¦ , - .
Amalgam Copper. . 24.900 70X1 68% 70
Amer Car & Fndry 2,200 31 30?i -30%
Am Car & Fdry pfd 1,100 87 86% 86%
Amer Linseed Oil. , ' 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..... '.'.'.'. 43
Am Smtsr & Rfng 3,500 46% 45% 45%
Am Smts & Rf pfd 400 98 98 0 »8
Anaconda Mln Co. 700 31% 30% 31 '
Brooklyn Rp Trnst 4,900 66$ 65 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron... . 300 88%- 88Vi 88%
Consolidated Gas.. 6,800 220% 219 219%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 200 115% 115 116%
General Electric... 400 284% 283 282
Glucose Sugar ¦ ,'400 39% 39% 39
Hocking Coal .... 100. 10% 16% 16
International Paper .... ... 21
Internat Paper pfd. 400 76% 76 76
Internatlonl Power .... 87%
Laclede Gas ; . 92
National Biscuit . . 300 45% 45% 45%
National Lead 200 10% 16% 15%
National Salt .... .... 32
National Salt pfd ' 61
North American... 1,800 94% 93 84
Pacific Coast - 74.
Pacific Mall '2.500 48- 46 47
People's Gas .4,009 104% 104 . 104%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,700 42 41% 42
Press Steel Car pfd 1,500 86% 85% 85%
Pullman Palace Car 200 219 219 218 .
gePuW'c Steel 2.100 16% 15% . 15%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,500 69% 68% 68
Sugar^ 24,900 118% 117% Hi%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,900 66% 64% 65%
Union Bag & Paper ¦ .... 14
Union B & P pfd. 100 "74% 74% 73%
U S Leather. 1,900 12% Il4 12%
U 8 Leather pfd.. 100 81% 81% 81%
U S Rubber 200 14% 14 14
US Rubber pfd... 100. 50% 60% 50
U S Steel 83,200 44% 43Vi 44
U S Steel pfd 38,300 94% 93% 94%
Western Union.... 2,900 92V 02% 92%
Amer Locomotive.. 8,800 32% 31% ' 32%
Am Locpmotive pfd 1,800 91% 90% 91
Total sales.... 1,052,400
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lOS% L.& N Uni 4s.. ..100%
Do coup 108% Mex Cent 4s 82
Do 3s reg ....107% Do 1st inc 32%
Do coup .. 10S% Minn & St L 4s.. .103
Do new 4s reg. 139'/. M K & T 4s 98
Do coup 139% Do 2ds 83
Do old 4s reg.. 111% N T Cent lsts..,102%
Do coup .HIS4 Do gen 3%s ...110 .
Do 5s reg 107-% N J Cent gen 5s. .134
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s .104%
Atch gen 4s 113% Do 3s 73%
Do adjt 4s 95 Nor & W con 4s. 102%
Balto & Ohio 4s.. 103% Read Gen 4s .... 98%
Do 3%s 95% S L & I M c 5s. 117%
Do conv 4s ... .108 S L & S F 4s. . . . 97%
Canada So 2ds..lO9% S .L S W lets 96%
Cent of Ga 5s... ..106% Do 2ds ........ 77V»
Do 1st Inc.. ..76% S A & A P 4s.. 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7 So Pac 4s 93f /8
C & A 3%s 84 So Ry 5s 121%
C B & Q new 4s. 90% Tex & Pac lsts..llO%
C M & S P g 48.112 T St L & W. 4s... .82%
Chi & Nor con... 141 Union Pac 4s ....105
C R I & p 4s.. 105% Do conv 4s 107
C C C & S L g 4S.104 Wabash lsts . . ..118%
Chi Term 4s 87 Do 2ds 114
Colo & So 4s 91% Do Deb B ..... 66%-
D & R G 4s..... 101% I West Shore 4s. ..112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% Wheel & L E 4s. 92%
Do gen 4s 89% Wls Cent 4s ..89
Ft W & D C lsts.107 Con Tob 4s 66
Hocking Val 4 % s . 107 % '
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con .. 18 Little Chief ...... 12
Alice .....45 Ontario 8 50
Breece 73 Ophlr 75
Brunswick Con . . 15 Phoenix ,5
Comstock Tunnel.. Potosi 8
Con Cal & Va....l 60 Savage j 7
Deadwood Terra . . 50 Sierra Nevada ... 20
Horn Silver 1 00 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 50
Leadville Con ..... 5 : "
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loans ....4%@5% Adventure 20%
Time loans ...5 @6 Allouez 3
Bonds — • Amalgamated ... 69%
N E G & Coke.. 57 Baltic 38
Railroads — Blngham ........ 23%
Atchison SI Calumet & Hecla. 600
Do prefd 1O3*,4 Centennial .13%
Boston & Albany. 262% Copper Range ... 50
Boston & Maine.. 191 Dominion Coal .. 54%
Boston L 166 Franklin •. . . 13 .
N Y N H & H...2U- Isle Royale 21%
Fltchburg pfd ...144 Mohawk ...31
Union Pacific ....103% Old Dominion ..24
Mexican Cent ... 27% Osceola 82%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 29%
Amer Sugar ....117% Quincy'... 135
Amer Tel & Tel.. 162 Santa Fe Copper 3%
Dominion I & S.. 29 Tamarack ..: 265
Gen- Electric ...282% Trlmountain ....'. 33
Mass Electric ... 36 Trinity .14%
Do prefd 93 United States .. 14%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Utah 23%
United Fruit .... 90 Victoria 5%
US Steel .44 Winona ...1%
Do prefd 94 Wolverine 50%
Westingh Com... 89 '
LONDON. CLOSING STOCKS. ,
Cons, money. ..93 15-lf Money ...2%@3 per ct
Cons, acct ....94 3-1C NY Cent ......173%
Anaconda ... 6V4 Nor & West 60%
Atchison 82% Do prefd 94
Do prefd 105 V4 Nor Pac prefd ..102
Balto & Ohio ...110% Ontario & West.. 36%
Canadian Pac ...117 Pennsylvania .... 77%
Ches & Ohio 49% Reading .) 29%
Chicago G West. 25 Do 1st prefd... 42#
C M & St Paul..l70 Do 2d prefd... 33 V3
D & R G 46% Southern Ry 35%
Do prefd 96 Do prefd ...... 96%
-Erie- 49% Southern Pac ... 62%
Do 1st prefd... 77% Union Pac ......106%
Do 2d prefd... 63% Do prefd ...... 92%
Illinois Cent 142% U S Steel 44%
Louis & Nash 110 Do prefd -96%
MK&T 27 Wabash 23
Do prefd 61% Do prefd 44
Bar silver 23 13-16d Spanish 4s 76%
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3% per cent. The rate of dis
count in the open market for three-months'. bllis
is 3 1-16 per cent. ¦ . •• • .
Provisions.
The market continues dull and unchanged,
Chicago . was rather higher.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14%c for extra lisht and 15c for sugar-cured;
Kastern susar-cured Hams. 13c; California.
Hams, 12c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $U©11 CO; Famny, $12@12 60;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50®23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12ftc;
3-lb tins. 3%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9|4c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
received the most \ attention ! and were fairly
maintained. ¦ State,? common > to • good, - 6®6%c;
prime. 9@9%c; choice, 9%c; fancy, 10%@14c, -
Calif ornla^ dried . fruits were Inactive -and
nominally unchanged. -¦ -.''
PRUNES— 3%@7c. ' *
APRICOTS— Royal," 10@14o;. Moorpark, 9%@
13c. ¦—••¦» ?." '.: - ',- ¦¦-¦ -.--.< - --... ¦ ¦-•, . /..-...¦
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20o; .unpeeled. 7%@
I2%c ; : . >.>:; ..-- ,-,
ard, 7%c: prime, 6%c. ; Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, 6%c; do. - In bulk, . fancy. 6%c;
choice, 6%c ser-lb. "-¦.
• NUTS — Chestnuts, nominal; -Walnuts, 1 No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50®3.
HONET — Comb, 12®12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
o@-0c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
4000, $1 09% ; . 4000. . $1 09% ; 14,000. $1 09% :
2000,: $1 09%. '- December— 2000. ?$1 11%: 6000.
$111%: 2000,. $111%. - .- ¦'—¦;£.
¦ BARLEY — Futures were higher and spot feed
was also , a * fraction , better, with a* good de
mand and fc light . offerings. : The :> Improve
ment , is said to be due to a big de
mand for the : Territories and Middle West,
there ; being large . transfers In the country r for
Utah and Arizona. -. - - -•-_-. .
:- ¦ Feed, "82%c for choice bright, 80®81%o • for
No. 1 and 77%@78%c for off; grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 85@87%c; ' Chevalier, 80c
@S1 per ctl. : . - ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
• Informal ' Session- 1 — 9 : 15 " o'clock — No ¦ sales.
Second Session — May — COOO ctls, 81%c; 2000,
82C-. ¦¦-.¦. ¦ ,j .-' ¦_•¦ ' !
: Regular Morning Session— May-^6000 ; ctls.
81%c;-4000, 81%c; 2000, 81%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.- <
OATS— Another advance of 2% @5c Is noted
and the' market is very stiff,' chiefly in sym
pathy with a boom In Oregon and Washington,
where a rush to buy- has advanced quotations
sharply, wires to local dealers from the Sound
report sales of 100,000 sacks there during the
past few days at $25@26 50 per ton, . the buyer
being a large operator ¦ who ' fills Government
contracts. • He has ¦ since advanced his pur
chases :to ' $2G@27 50 j. per ton. 17 "His buying
prices were equivalent , to $1 45@1 52% | laid
down here. Of course this business Imparts
great strength t6 this market. f ¦
i The Chicago market is also working around
Into better shape, the demand showing material
improvement. ¦ . ¦ - ¦ •
¦ Grays, $120@127%; whites,- $1 20@l 40; Sur
prise, $140@142V>; black, • SI 10@l 20 for feed
and $1 20@l SO for seed; red, $1 25@1 35 per ctl
for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for. seed. ' .
CORN — Yellow and white are both higher,
under . light offerings, though business is nar
row and quiet. - Large yellow, $1 35@1 42% ;
small round do, $1 35@1 40; white, $1 35@1 40
per ctl. . / -¦
.' RYE— 77%@Sl%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per cental.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAT. Jan. 2 — 2 p. m.
united States bonds. .
Bid.Ask. Btd.Aik.
4s quar coup.lll%112Vi 4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar regr..lll%112k 3s quar coup.108.%. — :
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5a.l08;410» Oceanic 6a... — 103
Cal-st 5s ...116% — Ombu» C 6s. 130% —
C C Wat 6a. — — Pac G Im 4a 96 100
Ed L & P 6a - — Pk& C H 63 — 109^
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pk&O R 6a.. — 120
Geary-st 5a.. — 100 Pwl-st R 6a.ll8%12O
H C&S 5%a. — — Sac EGR 5a. — 97%
Do 5a 99% 99% SF & SJVSs. — 123
L Angr R 6s.llS%ll» . Sierra Cal 6a — —
L. A Lght 6a. — • — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6a. — — (1909) ....110J4—
Do gtd 5a. — 10« (1910) 111% —
L A & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6a
Do lem 5a. 101 103 (19O5)Sr A.108% —
Mkt-st C 68.125 128 (1905)Sr B.100%109%
Do lem 5a— 123 (1906) ....110%lllk
N R Cal 6a.. 109% — (1912) 120 — ,
Do 5a ....121% — S P Cal lit
N Pac C Oa.104%105% c srntd 5s. 110 — ¦
N Cal R 5s. 112*4113% S P BrCal8s-136 —
Oak Gaa 5»..113% — S V Wat 6s. 112 —
Oak Trns 68.124 124% Do 4s 102 %.rT«
Do 1st cSs.lCSVi — Do 4a 3d mlOl 101%
Oak W g 58.102 104 Stktn Gas 6a.lO3 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 74 ¦ iPort Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co ... 58 — ISprlng Val.. 83% —
GAS AND ELECTRICl
Cent LAP. 2% 2% Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G Lj Co. 3 3% Sacramento . — S3
Mutual — 5*a 8 P G & E. 40 —
O G L A H. 51 — San Fran.... 5% S*»
Pac Gaa Imp — 40 Stktn G & £ 3 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.243 — J
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — L P & A 163 165%
California lUw 4*,% Mer Ex (llq) 18% -
Cal Safe Dp.112 — S F NatlonT.133 — •.
First Natnl..S25 350
8AVINGS BANKS.
German ....1885 — , Sav & Loan. ¦- 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.305 . 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — I Union Trst.1800 —
S F Sav U..510 — I .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 — IMarket 89% W%
Geary — 50%JPresidio .... 33J5 —
POWDER.
Giant 81 81%(Vigbrit — 4%
SUGAR. ;-<.'.•••--
Hana — 5 iKliauea .... — 12
Hawaiian ... 33% — Makawell ... 26 27 '
Honokaa ... 10 — Onomea .... 22 —
Hutchinson . 14% 14% IPaauhau .... 10 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl73 175 I Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 9S% Pac C Borax. 165 —
Cal Wine As. 95 — Par Paint... 15 —
Oceanic S C. 37 44 I
Morning Session.
Board —
35 Cal Wine As?n 05 00
15 Contra Costa Water 73 50
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 84 00
10 Honokaa S Co 10 12 %
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash.... S» 75
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 39 87Vi
$4000 S F & S J V bonds 122 00
S9O0O S P of Arizona (1009) 116 87%
IS Spring Valley Water 86 23
Afternoon Session.
Board — •
15 Cal Wine Assn 05 00
45 Giant Powder Con 81 50
10 Giant Powder Con 81 25
10 Giant Powder Con 81 37%
30 Hutchinson S P Co . 14 23
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 5a 108 30
$2003 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 53. 96 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 5 40 00 .
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 00
$15. COO S P of C 6a, b 3 (1905, series A). MM 25
10 Spring Valley Water 86 25
50 Spring- Vallejr Water 86 00
Street —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 174 00
$12,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 121 62%
170 Pacific Lighting .: 45 00
$50,000 S 4S (3d mtge). b 3 101 00
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — 1, .'
; 1000 Cala-Standard • 33
1150 Cala-Standard 35
3000 Cala-Standard, s 90 32
300 Cala-Standard 38
400 Four „ 50
200 Kern 5 :>7%
1000 Lion 07
100 Occidental of W Va. 21
60 Peerless 5 00
100 Peerless, cash 5 CO -
100 Peerless, b 90 r... ...:...¦.......... 5 37%
100 Sterling, b 90 125
50 Thirty-three .. T 23
• Afternoon Session.
100 Junction 24
100 Monarch of Arizona 21
600 Occidental of W Va, b 30. ....... 23
200 Oil City Petroleum 20
20 Peerless ...... '....' 5 12%
100 Sterling, b 90 ., 1 25
50 Thirty-three 7 50
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JJANU^RY 3,^1 902;
Chicago . Grain Market.
Temperature, 7 a. m. — 51.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
.,¦ ,'; •, :.- :«, I :>>->!*. I
Price during
Month.
Numb'r
STOCKS AND BONDS. Shares
- Sold.
Low.
IHish:
Bonds — - . ¦
U. S. Government 500
Bay Counties Power Co. . 45,000
Ferries & Cliff House Ry 10,000
Hawaiian Com & S Co. , 1,000
Los Angeles Ry Co. ... . 5,000
Market St Cable Co. ..... 16,000
Market St Ry 1st con mt 33,000
Northern Ry Co of Cal.. 25,000
Northern Ry Co (of Cal) . 14,000
North' Pac Coast R. R. 20.000
Northern Cal Ry... 6,000
Oakland Transit Co..'... 5,000
Oak Tran Co 1st con mt. .67,000
Oak Water Co. Kntd; ... • 15.00O
Oceanic Steamship Co... 7,000
Omnibus Cable Ry...... 3,000
Pacific Gas Imp......... 5,000
Sacto Elec Gas & Ry... 15,000
S F & San Joaquln Val. . • 19,000
S PR R of Arizona 77,000
S P R R of Arizona »3.000
S P R R ot Cal Series A. 11,000
S P R Hot Cal.. ...:.. 3,000
S P R R 1st con gtd g... 27.000
R P Branch Ry of Cal:.: 6,000
Spring Valley Water... 34,000
Spring- Valley Water... '22,000
Spring Valley Vf 3d mt. 81,000
¦Water Stocks— "**&&£ $gg>f**a
Contra Costa ...... 235
Spring Valley..... :. 1,219
Gas & Elec. Stocks —
Equitable Gas Lt Co.... 425
Oakland Gas, L.t & H..: 100
Pacific Gas Imp,..:..:. 270
Pacific .Lighting. Co . . ISO
S F Gas & Electric Co.. 2,610
S F. Gaslieht Co. ... 219
Bank Stocks — ~ . .
Anglo-Cal (limited).' 20
Bank of California...".-.. ''«29
Cal-Safe D & Trust Co. 10
First Nat Bank of S F. '50
. • Savings Banks — J *
German Sav ' & ' Loan /. . 3
- Street R. R.' Stocks — .;.
Calfornla -220
Market St R R.Co...~.. 2,143
Powder Stocks— " ¦ " j
Giant Con 'Co... .."..'.... r . 445
Vigorit "................. 400
. Sugar "Stocks—
Hawaiian Com & S Co.'. . 510
10S%
107%
iisU
122"
'l2i%
"iio%
"i64"
"95%
122
113%
:iii%
10Sy&
108%
121
ss
123
113 1
121%
107%
113
124%
111%
104^4
104*4
131
95
95*4
123%
113Ti
114%
.108
110%
HO
136%
112
102%
101%
"io6%
s*
76%
:8T%
: ?%
41
43
: *30%
"4iV
"4i6*-"
80
412 -
110
322%
1925%
¦*88"
150 .
90
'81%
85%
S.
M. T. W. T. F. S. h| MB ., PhMW
I 1 2 3 4 ff January 1.
_ . *&¦ Last ¦ Qr.
_LJL_?__?:i?_iL A January 0.
13 14 15 16 17 IS
F. I S.
' —
|Moon'gPhajea
:'
12
26
go IT IT 1JT 3 6 -
27 28 29 30 31 QJanu'ry 23,
/JT Janu'ry 31.
*&• Last Qr.
Honokaa Sugar Co......
Hutchlnson Sugar • P. . . •
Kllauea Sugar P
Makawell Sugar .Co. . - ¦
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sugar P. ......
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' Assn . . .
Cat Fruit Canners" Assn.
CaUWtae Assn. ......... ,
Oceanic Steamship Co. • .
Pacific Aux Fire Alarm. '
Pacific Coast Borax Co..
S70 10 11
460 14 . 15
100 ...... 11-
570 24 .25%
535 23 23
500 , 10 11
1.537 155 ITS
850 8T *3^i
140 40 47
100 ...... • "f
85 ...... 165
S.
M. T. W. T. F. S. h| MB ., PhMW
I 1 2 3 4 ff January 1.
_ . *&¦ Last ¦ Qr.
_LJL_?__?:i?_iL A January 0.
13 14 15 16 17 IS
F. I S.
' —
|Moon'gPhajea
:'
12
26
go IT IT 1JT 3 6 -
27 28 29 30 31 QJanu'ry 23,
/JT Janu'ry 31.
*&• Last Qr.
.,¦ ,'; •, :.- :«, I :>>->!*. I
Price during
Month.
Numb'r
STOCKS AND BONDS. Shares
- Sold.
Low.
IHish:
Bonds — - . ¦
U. S. Government 500
Bay Counties Power Co. . 45,000
Ferries & Cliff House Ry 10,000
Hawaiian Com & S Co. , 1,000
Los Angeles Ry Co. ... . 5,000
Market St Cable Co. ..... 16,000
Market St Ry 1st con mt 33,000
Northern Ry Co of Cal.. 25,000
Northern Ry Co (of Cal) . 14,000
North' Pac Coast R. R. 20.000
Northern Cal Ry... 6,000
Oakland Transit Co..'... 5,000
Oak Tran Co 1st con mt. .67,000
Oak Water Co. Kntd; ... • 15.00O
Oceanic Steamship Co... 7,000
Omnibus Cable Ry...... 3,000
Pacific Gas Imp......... 5,000
Sacto Elec Gas & Ry... 15,000
S F & San Joaquln Val. . • 19,000
S PR R of Arizona 77,000
S P R R of Arizona »3.000
S P R R ot Cal Series A. 11,000
S P R Hot Cal.. ...:.. 3,000
S P R R 1st con gtd g... 27.000
R P Branch Ry of Cal:.: 6,000
Spring Valley Water... 34,000
Spring- Valley Water... '22,000
Spring Valley Vf 3d mt. 81,000
¦Water Stocks— "**&&£ $gg>f**a
Contra Costa ...... 235
Spring Valley..... :. 1,219
Gas & Elec. Stocks —
Equitable Gas Lt Co.... 425
Oakland Gas, L.t & H..: 100
Pacific Gas Imp,..:..:. 270
Pacific .Lighting. Co . . ISO
S F Gas & Electric Co.. 2,610
S F. Gaslieht Co. ... 219
Bank Stocks — ~ . .
Anglo-Cal (limited).' 20
Bank of California...".-.. ''«29
Cal-Safe D & Trust Co. 10
First Nat Bank of S F. '50
. • Savings Banks — J *
German Sav ' & ' Loan /. . 3
- Street R. R.' Stocks — .;.
Calfornla -220
Market St R R.Co...~.. 2,143
Powder Stocks— " ¦ " j
Giant Con 'Co... .."..'.... r . 445
Vigorit "................. 400
. Sugar "Stocks—
Hawaiian Com & S Co.'. . 510
10S%
107%
iisU
122"
'l2i%
"iio%
"i64"
"95%
122
113%
:iii%
10Sy&
108%
121
ss
123
113 1
121%
107%
113
124%
111%
104^4
104*4
131
95
95*4
123%
113Ti
114%
.108
110%
HO
136%
112
102%
101%
"io6%
s*
76%
:8T%
: ?%
41
43
: *30%
"4iV
"4i6*-"
80
412 -
110
322%
1925%
¦*88"
150 .
90
'81%
85%
Honokaa Sugar Co......
Hutchlnson Sugar • P. . . •
Kllauea Sugar P
Makawell Sugar .Co. . - ¦
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sugar P. ......
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' Assn . . .
Cat Fruit Canners" Assn.
CaUWtae Assn. ......... ,
Oceanic Steamship Co. • .
Pacific Aux Fire Alarm. '
Pacific Coast Borax Co..
S70 10 11
460 14 . 15
100 ...... 11-
570 24 .25%
535 23 23
500 , 10 11
1.537 155 ITS
850 8T *3^i
140 40 47
100 ...... • "f
85 ...... 165: NEW WESTERN;; HOTEL, r
G S Crawford, Nebr J "Warneke, ,Nebr '
A Roy.'N Mex -:¦ D Davis. Cal
W ' I Ruggles & w, OrLH Oxford, Cal
T L Brown & w,- Chgo J ; W ¦- Phillip, • Cal '
Miss Thompson, 'Ariz Si A Clark, King . City
A Manner, Nebr ; A Chambers,, Waah •
p T Bell & f, 'Nebr W J.Raid, L'Ang
Mrs AE'Rudell; BC J W Sheffield, L CSatos
B i Harrington, , Denver Mrs S W McCoy; Iowa
WW- Stanley ¦ Cal V.-. Miss E McCoy, Iowa
J H ; Maymord,' Byron. ¦: : :.'¦; ;¦,-..¦ ¦, .. .
HOTEL : I" ARBI VALS.
Anita Perez, a Mexican -.> passenger on
the Curacao, has \ been j denied j a landing
by the United States Immigration Bureau
upon the ] report | of -Immigrant Inspector
de la Torre, who discovered that she was
an assisted immigrant,^ her ; passage to
this city, from Mazatlan having been paid
by a lady : friend. Miss Perez is 32 years
old, -.and '-up to a year ¦•or two ago- was
regarded, as one of the 1 ; most .^beautiful
womeniin Mazatlan. For /many 'years she
was the contort ' of a ¦ gambler known ¦ as
ElRey.de Oror "the King; of Gold." and
for 'that reason she is known as La Helna
de Oro, "the Queen of Gold."' '
"Queen of Gold" Denied a Landing.
The - case was reported to the Health
Office by Mrs. Schafer. The, Coroner was
requested to take charge of the case, but
(declined.' Health Officer von Adelung
took' the. matter in hand. The Board of
Health will make an official inquiry con
cerning the circumstances. ¦
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— Marjorie Abble
Slater, 10 years old, who resided at ¦ 1758
Ninth avenue, died last night frora scar
let fever, and the Board of Health is in
vestigating the case because the patieut
had been" attended by Mrs. P. Schaf-i-, a
Christian Scientist healer. .. . -
Board of Health Investigates.
'Bert -Ross, who is under sentence of
death for the murder of W.. J. Ward' at
San Luis Obispo,- applied through his at
torney yesterday, to United States Circuit
Judge Morrow for a writ of, habeas cor
pus ¦ on ' the ground 'that the Grand Jury
that: indicted him -was: not Impaneled in.
accordance with law. ¦ Judge Morrow re
fused to issue the writ. 1 The execution of
Ross has been set for January 10.
Boss. Tries Habeas Corpus.
,' Frank .Whooton, a painter residing at
1210 Golden Gate avenue; fell from a." step
ladder yesterday while at work on a new
building at Page and Broderick streets
and sustained a painful fracture ofitho
left hip joint. He was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Weyer dressed
his injuries. • It will be several weeks be
fore Whooton- Will < be able to resume
work.
Painter Fractures Hip Joint.
Hugh AW Fraser. D. C. Brown and J. B.
Lanktree filed to-day their report on the
appraisement of the estate of the late
Captain Edward Charles Perks, the
mariner, who died recently while at the
wheel, of his ship coming, to San Fran
cisco. The estate is small, -consisting or
realty and personal property valued at
$5332 95. . . ,¦¦:¦¦•
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— The appraisers' re
port on the estate of Thomas F. Garrity,
the well-known lawyer, which waa filed
to-day, shows that it ia worth $5586. It
consists of tire following Items: Eighty
eight law volumes, 530: claim against
Peter Garrity, $1500; claim against the
Patton estate, $550; one-third Interest in
the estate of Cornelius Garrity, the de
ceased's father, 53506.
The appraisers are J. J. Burke. F. C.
Bodle and William Hamilton. '
Garrity Leaves Small Estate.
Frank Grant, 13 years of age and resid
ing- on Kansas street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, fell from the 'top -of a
fence yesterday out in the Potrero and
sustained a severe fracture of the skull
and- a disjointed elbow. He was removed
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where he was attended to by Dr. "Wood
sey. His skull Is so -.badly fractured that
it is feared he. will not recover.
Head Fractured by a Fall.
Wives Tiro of Husbands
OAKLAND. Jan. 2,-Sults for divorce
were filed to-day by Lelita Patterson
against Henry R. Patterson and by Eliza
beth C. "Whitney against Edward T. Whit
ney. Mrs. Patterson charges her husband
with cruelty and desertion. Mrs. Whitney
charges her husband, who is a barber,
with intemperance. Louise Thomas sues
for a divorce from William S. Thomas on
the ground of failure to provide.
Says Trouble Is Not Threatened.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 2.-J. W. Jame
son of Los Anpeles, who Is largely inter
ested in oil holdings at McKIttrick, states
that there is no trouble threatened so far
as he or his men and the Producers*
Guarantee Compar- is concerned. He
states that the talking has been done by
parties who are anxious to stir up trou
ble, but that nothing of a serious nature
will be allowed to take place if he is de
pended upon to take the initial step. .
Pope Appoints Commission.
I.OXDOX, Jan. 5.-The Tablet an
nounces that the Pope has appointed a
facial commission for the consideration
of all questions connected with Biblical
Ftudies. to which Catholic scholars the
world over may apply in casen of aim.
tulty. Cardinal Parochi Is president of
the commission, which will includp
eleven "consultors" chosen from different
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
BOSTON. Jan. 2. — W. Murray Crane took the
oath of 'Office to-day as Governor of Massa
chusetts for his third term. The , attendance
on the ceremony was the largest assembled for
a, similar occasion In many years. The Inaug
ural address treated of State matters exclu
sively. ... '. ¦ ;¦ : . • ...•:'•-.¦¦..
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— David A. Nunn
¦whose resignation as Collector of Internal Rev
»nue of the Fifth Tennessee District was called
for by the . President a tevr days ago, handed
his resignation to. the President In person to
day. :¦•>' . ,- ¦ '\ ¦¦¦¦.;*
BOSTON. Jan. 2. — The United States Rub
ber Company, has adopted the policy this year
of announcing Its prices on January 1, instead
of. April 1. The new list records an advance
of about 5 per cent net in prices for, 1902.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2. — W.-R. Spillman of
Manhattan, Kan.,- formerly private secretary
to Fourth Assistant Postmaster General Bris
tow. has been appointed chief of I the appoint
ment division of the latter" s office.- . - ; ¦
DULUTH, Minn., Jan. 2.— Judge Cant has
decided for the settlers in the case of Fred
erick Weyerhauser and the Northern" Pacific
Railway against settlers on the famous second
indemnity strip. ' '. - ' • ¦ ¦
LONDON, Jan. 2. — Bangor, North Wales,
and its district are again under control of the
military -owing to the further serious riots
between strikers and workers at Penryn and
Bethesda quarries. - < : . , ¦ , . ¦¦ ,
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2. — The Secretary of
War to-day • received a brief telegram from
General Wood, at Havana, saying the elections
had passed oft smoothly, but giving no de
tails. ¦ .
GUTHRIE. O. T., Jan. 2. — Levl Reed, who
was among the prisoners that escaped from
the Federal Jail here on July 5 last, was re
captured on New Year's day.
OAKLAND, -Jan.' 2. — The body of Homer
B. Warren, an attorney, who ' died here
yesterday at 1014 Sixtieth street," was ship
ped to Yreka, decedent's former home, to
day. Mr. Warren. was 66 years old. His
ailment was hemorrhage of the : lunes. ;-¦•
Death of Yreka Attorney.
Southern Hotel Company Formed
u\jb A.-s^tuth, Jan. 2.— The Potter
Hotel Company filed articles of Incorpora
tion with the Los Angeles County Clerk
to-day announcing its capital stock at
fcV«.OCW. JSfJO.COO of which Is already sub
scribed. The principal object of the com
pany is to construct a $390,000 hotel at
Banta Barbara.
Sloat Monument Stones Laid.
MONTEREY, Jan. 2.— Four more stones
wpre laid Jn the base of the Bloat monu
ment on the military reservation at this
place to-day with appropriate ceremonies
Delegates from each of the counties rep
resented. Monterey, Santa. Cruz, San Luis
Obispo and Contra Costa, were present to
lay their respective stones.
Ex-Convicts Again Arrested.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. - 2.— Detectives
Fisher and Fitzgerald to-night arrested
Charles Lowell and Eugene Cereghlno,
lately discharged San Quentln convicts,
while they were disposing of ladies' gold
•watches, diamond rings, earrings and
opera-#?lasses, evidently stolen in San
Billiardist Carter Dies.
<'HICAGO. Jan. 2.— Eugene Carter, the
billiard expert, died here to-day, of lung
trouble, aged 4S years. He had been jil
since September. Mr. Carter's fame .-it
three-cushion caroms and as a fancy-choc
Player was worldwide. His earlier yt-ars
were spent in Toledo and Cleveland.
Dcpew and Bride Coming".
NICE, Jan. 2.— Senator and Mrs. Chaun
£?y M. Dfipew left here to-day for th-3
Lnittd States.
Josephine Bernstein (widow) to James Chrls
tensen, lot on N line of Haight street, 150 W
of Webster, W 25 -by N 137:0^ $10.
Simon Clayburgh to same, lot on N line of
Haight street. 149:4 W of Webster, W 25:8
by N 137:6 (quitclaim deed); $10.
A. Mecartney to same, lot on N line of
Haight street, U'JA$> W of Webster. W :7%
by N 137:6 (quitclaim deed): $5.
City and County of San Francisco to Samuel
C. Bigelow. 60-vara lots 1 and 2 in Western
Addition block 381, fronting 137:6 on Stelner
street and 275 on McAllister; t 2
Samuel C. and Isabel O. Bigelow to Giovanni
Perasso, lot on N Jlne of McAllister street,
174:6 W of Stelner, W 27 by N 137:6; $10.
Estate of Eleanor M. Carlisle (by John W.
Root and Vincent P. Versalovich, executors) to
J. W. Mullen, lot on E line of Devisadero
street. 55 N of Pine, N 27:6 by E 100; $5000.
J. W. Mullen to August H. Scblerholz, same;
$10.
Cornelia J. Pringle (widow) to William
Schwarke, lot on E line of Broderick street,
110 S of Oak, S 27:6 by E 100; $10.
Hibemia Savings and Loan Society to Thomas
J Sullivan, lot on AV line of Broderick street.
27:« S of Eddy. S 27:6 by W 100; $1100.
Estate of John Couch (by Theodore J. Roche,
administrator) to Rosa Couch (widow), lot on
W line of Guerrero street, 203:0 S of Sixteenth,
S 6:9, W 104, S 31:3. W 1. S 3:6. W 49:10. X
132:4%, E 42:8, S 60:2^, E »9; $2050.
Elize Entzminget (widow), by E>. W. Loring
and C. F. RiUiet, trustees, to Continental
Building and Loan Association, 1883 D. 195,
lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street, 255 W of
Church, W 25 by S 114 (trustees' deed); $1044.
John C. James J. and Mary A. Smith to
Richard Roche, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
street. 215 W of Noe, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Allen H. Piper et al. to John Hammond, lot
on W line of Front street, 41:8 S of Sacra
mento, S 25 by W S7:C; $23,200.
Jean Lorang to August Dietrich, lot on E
line of Stockton street. 137:6 N of Pacific, N
30:9, E 35:9, S 10:7^, E 21:9, S 26:1}$, W
67:6; S10.
Francis R. Larkln and William B. and Isa
bel H. Pringle to Giovanni Taleri. lot on SE
corner of Pacific and fetockton streets, S 34:0%
by E 49:6%: $10.
Pierre and Therese Escoffler to Jean P. Luc,
lot on N line of Pacific street, 105 E of Taylor,
E 20 by N 62:6; $10.
J. J. Rauer to Frank D. Grossman, undi
vided one-half of lot on W line of Vermont
street. 100 S of Sierra, S 33:4 by W 100 (quit
claim deed); $10. -
Mary R., Grace and Alfred Barstow to
Charles D. Blaney (trustee), lot on E line of
Minnesota street. 122 :•» S of Twenty-third, S
77:8, E 124:1%. NW 148:9 (warranty deed);
$10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Alice Krampert (wife of Gustav), lot on W
line of Eleventh avenue, .125 S of H gtreet, 8
25 by W 120; |10.
Alice and Gustav Krampert to E. B. Hal
lett and W. S. Gee. same; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
came, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 125
M of I street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Peter J. and Mary C. Curtis to Solomon
Getz, lot on NW corner of Ninth avenue and
N street. N 43.72 by W 120; $10.
Aaron and Louise R. Herlnghi to Oscar Hey
man, lot on N line of Henry or Felton street,
30 E of Bowdoln. E 30 by N 100 lot 17. block
39. Railroad Avenue Extension Homestead As
sociation; $10.
George W. and Salome E. Kelley to Calvin
S. Kelley. undivided % of lot on SW corner
of Eleventh avenue and M street south, W
76. S W.O, S 120, SE 38:«. N 200:5, lot 77,
block 228, Central Pack Homestead Association;
f 10.
Oscar Herman to Frank D. and Jennie V.
Coonev, lot on E line of California avenue,
25 S of Virginia avenue, S 25 by E 70, lot 74,
Jacob Herman's subdivision Cobb Tract; $10.
Olaf F L. Ferenkam to Henry P. Anderson,
lot on NE line of Ninth avenue, 150 BE of G
street SE 150 by NE 100. lots 11 and 12. block
158, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; $10.
George W. and Minerva K. Frlnk to Abby
G. BickcL lots 3, 14 and 15, block 403. same,
quitclaim deed; $1.
Abby G. Bickel (Peterson) (wife of Homer
T ) to Olive Verkouteren (widow), lot oil SW
line of Twentieth avenue, 150 NW of K street.
NW 75 SW 200 SE 150, NE 100. NW 76, NE
100 lots 3. 14 and 15, block 403, same; $10.
Henry F* Jr and Clara H. Blanchet to Kate
Ryan (wire of George), lot on SB corner of
fitoneman (Norwich) and Shotwell (California
avenue) streets. S 75 by E 30, portion lots 61,
54 and 55, Cheeseman's Map 1, Preclta Valley
lands; $10.
Henry MofTatt to Joseph B. Coryell. lot on
SW line of Sixteenth avenue. 75 NW of P
street, NW 25 by SW 100, lot 18, block S32,
O'N and H Tract; also lot on SW line of Six
teenth avenue 150 NW of P street. NW 25 by
SW 100 lot 21. block 332, came; *10.
Thomas B. Bishop and Arzo N. Lewis (trus
tees estate of Miranda W. Lux), Magdalena
Holtzsciierer. ¦ Dorethea Rott. Henry Sr. , an-1
Henry Jr. Roehrig, Salome Lux Wolf, Caroline
Lux, Michel, George, Emll and Henry Lux,
IJzzie Lux Pott. Lena Lux Macbrlde and Henry
Lux (trustee) to Peter Moran, lot on NW cor
ner of Fourth avenue and L street, W 260 by
N 200. lot* 34 and JJ5. Butchers Reservation:
also lot on N line of Fourth avenue, 2(50 SB of
L street, N 150 by E 80. lot 41, block 59. earae;
$10. .'
Thomas Boss Cooley (by James H. Campbell,
attorney), to same, lots 34 and 35, block' 58,
same: $10.'
fftt-r Moran to John 13. Miller, -same; $10.
Jerome A. and Pearl Ersklne (by D. W. Lor-
Ing and C. F. RIIHett, trustees) to Continental
Building and Loan Association.- 1809 D. 92. lots
Ml. 543, 545. 547 and 540, Gift Map 2 (trus
tees' deed) ; $845.
Builders' Contracts.
L. F. Btarks (owner) with ' Felix Warcuse
(contractor), architect R. TV. Hart— All work
for a 7-room frame building with brick founda
tion on E line of Seventh avenue, 175 8 of
Lake street. S 25 by E 120; $3100.
Marie A. Mass (owner) with W. E. • Grant
(contractor), architect . All work except
mantels, sewer, water and Ras street service
for alterations and additions to make a 2-story
frame building on N line of Seventeenth street,
about I8« W of Noe. W 15. N ; E IS, 8 to
beginning. No. 3938 Seventeenth street; $12K5.
IOa C. Spacher (owner) with Thomas Wll
pon and H, WllIIamBon (contractor), architect
G. A. Dodge— AH work for a 2-story and base
ment frame building (flats) on S line of Sacra
mento etrpet, 131 :3 W of Baker. W 25 by . S
137:0: $3100.
Richard Soutter, ex-secretary of ths
Hitchcock School for Boys, San Rafael,
charged with petty larceny for stealing an
overcoat and pair of gloves from Pat
rick Henry Sexton at the California. Hotel.
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday.
Sexton had previously sworn to the com
plaint. By consent the case was con
tinued till January 7. Soutter is out on
{30 cash ball.
Soutter Appears in Court.
During the Civil "War O'Connor fought
with the Sixty-ninth New York Regi
ment.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— E. D. O'Connor, a
veteran of the Civil War, fell ten feet to
the bottom of Strawberry Creek that runs
through the university grounds at Berke
ley. The old man, who is partially, par
alyzed, ! lost his way in the darkness and
walked oft a bluff into the creek. He
lay there until found at daylight and wa3
in a weakened condition as a result of
the exposure. Ho was removed to the
greenhouse of the university, where he
remained until Town Marshal Kerns made
arrangements to have him sent to the
Receiving Hospital in Oakland, j Dr. Wil
liams, who attended -him, found that he
had sustained an abrasion of the scalp,
but that there were no broken bones.
The Secretary of the Treasury has for
warded to ; Customs Collector Stratton
copies of the correspondence between
himself and the union of Hamburg ship
owners in relation to the frequency of de
sertions of German sailors at California
and Oregon ports." These desertions are
caused, say the Hamburg people, by local
shipping masters, who incite the seamen
to desert. The German Consuls at Port
land, Or., and at San Francisco . report
that they have not been able to succeed
in effecting any Improvement in the mat
ter. • . . ¦ ¦ - - ' ¦,¦_¦¦-
Germans Complain of Masters.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 2.— Miss Beulah
Wheeler, a beautiful young society
woman, died early to-day at her home on
Second avenue from arsenic poisoning.
Last evening she retired to her room to
rest before starting for the theater. Soon
afterward she called her mother for aid
and said she had taken the wrong medi
cine. What the young woman had taken
for antlpyrine proved to be arsenic. Miss
Wheeler, who was 22 years of age, was
born in Rome, N. Y.
Accidentally Poisons Herself.
OLD SOLDIER FALLS
.INTO CREEK BOTTOM
The fourth applicant for the guardian
ship of Doris is Mrs. Carrie Judd Mont
gomery, who keeps a home for orphans
#in Oakland. Testimony was taken yes
terday as to the character of the various
applicants.
Doris Hannah Shimozuml is the most
sought after little Japanese maiden in
this city. Four different women have ap
plied to the courts for letters of guardian
ship over the little Oriental and their pe
titions are how being heard before Judge
Kerrigan.
Four Women Want Little Doris.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Jan. 2.— Trouble
in a Southern Pacific grading camp at
Cosgrave, twenty miles west of here,
necessitated the sending of a special light
extra engine at 9 o'clock "to-night with
Sheriff McDeid, two deputies and Dr.
Hanson. The party returned at 11 o'clock
the Sheriff having A. Martin in custody
William Fitzgerald was brought in and
sent to the County Hospital. Martin has
been the bully of the camp for some time,
but was discharged to-night. He later at
tacked Fitzgerald and cut him severely.
Railroad Laborer Runs Amuck.
Will Talk on Hehrew History.
Professor Thomas R. Bacon of the Uni
versity of California will conduct a series
of eight Sunday morning talks for the
Young People's Society. of the First Uni
tarian Church in the" parlors of I the
church. His subject will be "Hebrew His
tory in Its Relation to the Bible" and his
observations will be based on Professor
Toy's "History of the Religion of Israel."
The course will be commenced on Sunday
morning, January 5, . when Prof essor Ba
con will explain the nature of his subject,
how it Is to be studied and the method
to be pursued by the class.
- Moebus asserts that if he has violated
any customs laws pertaining to vessels he
did so unintentionally and without know
ing anything of the rule or rules not com
plied with. He expects to explain matters
clearly to the customs authorities and se
cure the release of the Bolinas.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2.— Police Officer
Charles Moebus' new home-made gasoline
schooner Bolinas has, been seized by the
customs ofllcials because it is claimed by
them that the owner and builder did not
have the craft inspected and failed to se
cure a certificate as to her seaworthiness,
life preserving appliances and the capabil
ity of her crew.
The Bolinas was constructed by Police
man Moebus in his back yard during his
leisure hours. He was three years build
ing her. The gross tonnage of the schoon
er is twenty-three.
Neglected to Comply With Cer
tain Navigation Rules.
Her Builder, Police Officer Moebus,
McQuarrie was killed and Boyle re
ceived probably fatal injuries. Boyle is
a prominent mining man.
VIRGINIA, Nev., Jan. 2.— While Colonel
E. D. Boyle was driving into Dayton
from his mine at Coma to-day in com
pany with William McQuarrie the team
ran away on a narrow road, throwing the
occupantj of the buggy out.
RUNAWAY TEAM CAUSES
DEATH ON NEVADA ROAD
HOME-MADE SCHOONER
SOLINAS IS SEIZED
There is no question that the superior
ity of the white race in the South must be
maintained. Any one who has seen the
South under the rule of the other color, as
it was directly after the war. can under
stand why this must be so. For one rea
pon white supremacy alone can insure
Hr« an ?H! 131 "^'- There will be no po
litical break in the solid South by any
party which trie* to interfere from the
,•*! Y R i h th * m r lluin of Politicians.
Si south " color problem fe y I
CLEVELAND, Jan. 2.— General Joseph
Wheeler was in this city to-night. In a
newspaper interview he stated in reply to
a question on the possibility of a political
br*ak in the South:
Supremacy Can Alone Insure
Financial Stability.
General Joseph. "Wheeler Says Whits
110 DANGER OF POLITICAL
BREAK IN SOLID SOUTH
Thomas Estrada Palma. the Nationalist
candidate for the Presidency of Cuba, has
nfty-five electors, while General Baito
lome Maso, the Democratic candidate,
who withdrew from the compaign kas
eight electors. Senor Palma secured the
unanimous electoral delegations of the
provinces of Pinar del Rio, Havana,
Matanzas and Santa Clara, and one elec
tor from Puerte Principe and five electors
from Santiago. General Maso secured
three electors from Puerto Principe and
live from Santiago.
The following civil Governors were
elected: Perez in Pinar del Rio; Nunez
in Havana; Lecuona in Matanzas; Gomez
in Santa Clara; Recio in Puerto Prin
cipe, and Echevarria in Santiago
province.
HAVANA, Jan. 2.— The General Board
of Scrutiny has made public the follow
ing returns of the election held in Cuba
en December 31:
PALMA DEFEATS MASO
FOR PRESIDENCY OF CUBA
Election Held Last Tuesday Results
in a Great Victory for the
Nationalist Candidate.
The Grocers' Fruit Growing Company is
suing the Kern County Land Company to
recover a valuable tract of land in Kern
County. The plaintiffs claim that they
acquired the 500 acres in dispute from
the land company in March, 1896, for $35,
000, the sum to be paid in installments.
They made a number of improvements "on
the tract. Because the plaintiffs could
not pay the installments they gave the
property back to the defendants, they say,
with the agreement that all the profits de
rived from the ranch should be credited
to them so that they could regain posses
sion of the land. It is now alleged that
because of the increase in value of the
property the defendant company displays
an unwillingness to carry out the agree
ment. ' •• • .
Two Companies Claim , Ranch.
Between Carmanah and Cloorse a large
amount of wreckage was found, evidently
from a steamer. In the surf a. couple of
yards Were floating. A mess table which
looked as though it might have come from
the forecastle of a schooner was also
found. Farther down the coast in the
vicinity of Cape Scott a piece of deck
house is reported, but no clew was ob
tained as to what it belonged.
VICTORIA, B. C., Jan. 2.— W. P. Day
ton, lighthouse-keeper at Carmanah, in a
letter dispatched by the steamer Queen
City, says the coast is J littered with
wreckage in the vicinity of the light
house. It includes large butter kegs or
barrels with galvanized hoops, two
hatches painted reddish brown, two
cabin doors painted .white, a vessel's
bowsprit and jibboom. • - ,
of Evidence of a Marine
Disaster.
Keeper of the Carmanah Light Telb
WRECKAGE OF VESSEL •
STKEWS NORTHEBTT SHORE
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
The Hey woods believe that the damage
was done by a stray shot. The bullet was
from a 38-caliber weapon.
The bullet passed through a closely cur
tained window near the top of the upper
glass and at an acute angle with its sur
face. It then went through the top of
one of the high double doors between the
rear and front parlors, struck a picture
frame upon one wall, glanced to another
and then to the floor. Miss Etta Hey
wood, Mr. Heywood's daughter, and D. J.
Rose were standing by the door when the
bullet passed through the wood above
their heads. None of the other members
of the party were in danger.
BERKELEY, Jan. 2.— A young . people's
party at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel Heywood at 1929 Grove street was
broken up in the early hours of New
Year's morning by a bullet crashing
through a window in the rear parlor and
glancing around the walla of the adjoin
ing room. No knowledge as to the shoot
er has been obtained, but it is thought
that- the bullet was fired by a reckless
celebrator of the Incoming year, as many
shots were being fired at that time all
over town. ' .
Samuel Heywood's Residence
and Endangers Life.
Lead Crashes Through Window in
PABTTT, IS STOPPED
BY A STRAY BULLET
Miss Helen Connelly of 509 Hermann
street and John A/ Morgan! a well-known
young business man of this city, were
married Thursday by Father Burns of
the Sacred Heart Church.
Another Mills graduate. Miss Minnie
Hopkins, has Just ¦ married a. prominent
attorney in Manila. She Is one of ,: the
first teachers sent out and has been most
successful in the educational work. She
has decided to remain in Manila and help
carry forward the, good work begun;
Mrs. D'ta ¦ Hopkins. Kinney, superin
tendent of the army corps of nurses, left
on the transport Sheridan for Manila.
Mrs. Kinney is a graduate of Mills and
has distinguished herself in her. profes
sion. . Her appointment was received
through the Secretary . of War. ; She has
been ordered to Manila and may be gone
three months. Her headquarters is in
Washington, D..C.
Captain Frank Cheatham and his bride
left Wednesday on the. Sheridan for Ma
nila, where they /.will make their new
home. iX •
Mrs. Edwin P. Dole, wife of Attorney
General Dole of Honolulu, was guest of
honor at a dinner given Wednesday even
ing by Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Mortimer
Fortesque at the Cumberland.
Mrs. Albert Gallatin received a large
number of friends on New Year's eve at
her home, Scott and Jackson streets.
Mrs. L. H. Bryant gave " a delightful
chafing-dish party on Wednesday even
ing at her artistic home, 2422 Buchanan
street. The drawing room and dining
room were decorated, chiefly with holly
and American beauties. Twenty ': guests
were hospitably entertained by Mrs. Bry
ant, who is ever a charming hostess.
Miss Bernice Landers gave a small tea
on Wednesday afternoon.
? ; ? - ?
Miss Edith Simpson , gave a small
luncheon yesterday at her home for a few
friends.
The hop to have been given at the Roa
noke Hotel on Bush street on January 4
has. .been' postponed to January 18 out of
respect to the memory of Miss ?Mollie
Taylor, the pianist, who died Wednesday
after an operation for appendicitis.
The fifteen young men who comprise the
Argonaut Club are giving the dance com
plimentary to the ladles, and there Is
every indication of a great success.
The Argonaut Club assembly at the Pal
ace Maple Room will be largely attended
this "evening, about 300 guests being ex
pected. There will be dancing until a late
hour and a dainty supper will be served.
It is known that these guests, .. besides
several "dark horses," are actually going
to take part, but they are all very quiet
about it and quite as mysterious as it is
possible to be. They intimate that the
programmes themselves, long and explicit
as they may be, are. equally non-com
mittal. »
For the past few days many wagons
have lined up at the McCutchen resi
dence; and the strangest looking * par
aphernalia has been unloaded which
strongly reminded an observer of mechan
ical devices and equipment of a Grau sea
son coming to town. Everything was care
fully covered, however, and nothing is
left for the inquiring public but specula
tion and patience.
The McCutchen function bids fair to
be the hit of the season.
i Mr. and Mrs. Ed Schmiedell, Burbank Som
ers, Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop, Miss Bessie Ames,
Miss Carolan, Miss Genevieve Carolan, MUs
McBean, Sam Boardman, W. S. Burnett, Mr.
Burrage, Harry Poet, •• Charles Marks, Mrs.
Smedberg, (."amain Renwick Smedberg, Frank
Owen, Miss Sarah Collier, . Miss Cora Smed
berg, Miss Edith Preston. ;
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutchen will en
tertain over one hundred and fifty guests
this evening at their residence, 2016 Pa
cific avenue. The invitations have created
more interest than any others this sea
son, chiefly because of the novel charac
ter of, the entertainment planned and the
mystery surrounding it. Nearly every
body has accepted, not alone from a
curiosity to see something quite original,
but to enjoy the kind of hospitality the
McCutchens always extend. The only
hint in the invitation as .to the nature of
the affair was the words: "Curtain rises
at 9 o'clock." What they are going to do
and how' they are going to do it is a se
cret most profound. » It has leaked out
that many changes have been made in
the interior of the residence with special
regard to the events of the evening.
The following twenty people will be
participants in the amusement scheme:
"W. P.' Humphreys, noble grand; J. J. de
Haven, vice grand; W. W. Cross recording
and B. F. Wellington financial secretary; L.
E. James, treasurer; Stephen Heck, warden;
R. J. Stephens, conductor; George L. Perham
right and A. B. Moon lert supporter to. the
noble grand; J. Schoenfeld right and E. s C.
Mills left supporter .to the vice, grand; A.
Strummel right and George F. Mefret left
scene supporter; U. S. G. Clifford. F. J. Smith
son, and Charles A. Stahle, trustees. \
Franklin M. Carson, noble grand; Charles.
J Thelan. vice grand; George T. • Shaw Jr.,
secretary; O. C. Morrlll, permanent secretary;
E. A. Holmes, treasurer; Thornton Thompson,
warden; David Malcom, conductor; P. E.
Mertz inside and William H. Cant outside
guardian; F. P. Ashworth right and H. R.
Cate left supporter to the noble grand; Alex
ander McCullough right and H. Schwerln left
supporter to the vice grand; H. V. Carter right
and James E. Cone left scene supporter; F. L.
Turpin, chaplain. /
A banouet and speeches followed the
installation. " "
District Deputy Grand Master J. Deas,
assisted by S. R. Jacobs as marshal, in
stalled the officers of Yerba Buena Lodge,
who are as follows:
The officers of Pacific Lodge of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows were in
stalled last night by District Deputy
Grand Master Dubois, assisted by. Frank
Derby as marshal and a full staff of offi
cers. The new officers are:
Odd Fellows Install Officers.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2.— William Alden Sea
ton, the young Missourian who partially
succeeded in his brutal attempt to exter
minate a whole family, will be hanged
here to-morrow morning. The final effort
tfO save the murderer's life was speedily
disposed of to-day by Governor McBride,
who said he saw no reason to do other
wise than the late Governor Rogers did
when the case was before him.
Murderer Seaton Must Hang.
Coralles drank too much wine in cele
bration of the new year and became in
volved in a dispute, it is said, with
iuitchell P«ntuso, who he claimed had
kicked him out of the house. Crazed hy
the wine he had drunk, Coralles pro
cured a shotgun, and finding Pentuso
commenced firing upon him without In
flicting any damage. After an exciting
chase, in which the would-be murderer
abandoned his gun, Coralles was cap
tured by the police an hour later, still
bent on killing and armed with a length
of iron pipe. He was promptly jailed.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— Charles Coral
les, a Mexican lad, 19 years of age, is be
hind the bars to-day, charged with as
sault to kill, as a result of attempting to
shoot his employer with a shotgun late
last night.
MEXICAN BOY TRIES
TO KILL HIS EMPLOYES
Exhilarating Vinous Draughts Spur
the Young. Man to Desperate
Measures.
"The Socialist party is distinct from
and entirely independent of the trades
union movement, but pledges Its aid and
sympathy to the trades unions in all their
striK.es, boycotts and other- struggles on
the economical field. It is recommended
that all Socialists join 'the respective
unions of the trades to which they be
long." "
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2.— At the second
session of the State Convention of Social
ists to-day resolutions were presented de
nouncing the recent ri est in Porto Rico
of Santiago Iglesias, an organizer of the
American Federation of Labor, charged
with conspiracy. Another resolution
adopted recites:
SOCIALISTS PLEDGE
SUPPORT TO UNIONS
Conklin insisted when he regained his
senses that it was a mistake— that ho
had accidentally blown out the gas in
the cell. The jailers were so sure that
their prisoner had tried to end his life
that they removed him to the main part
of the Jail, where he could be watched.
While making his rounds to-night James
Swain smelled the odor of gas coming
from the alleged bigamist's cell and
found Conklin lying on the cot nearly
suffocated. The jailer opened the cell
Coot, let in fresh air and dragged Conk
lin out of the tank. .¦:,-¦
The Oakland Mrs. Conklin, who lives at
767 Twenty-seventh street, is prostrated.
Depositions from the East have been sent
for and by the time Conklin's case comes
up for trial the prosecution expects to
have a strong case against him.
Conklin. the alleged bigamist, is a hand
some man about 30 years old.
I am 62 years of age and both myself and
wife's health la poor and we love the little
ones; have always been able to take good car*
of them and we hope to do so. You are at lib
erty to use this if you so desire. Yours moat
respectfully, THOMAS PR1DEAU.
I do not write to wrong or injure your daugh
ter, for I have deep sympathy and feeling for
her and you. If you doubt any of this you are*
at liberty to write any citizen here or Justice
of the Peace.
To call him a man who could desert his
three dear little ones Is out of all reason and
unnatural beyond the brutes. I suppose he has
falsely informed you of my daughter having a
divorce. She has not and never will till he has
received his Just reward. I have friends in San
Francisco, also- a brother-in-law, and expect to
see them in the near future. We received let
ters from two ladles over a year ago, both of
whom, I understand, he had been engaged to,
but they acted wisely and found out all and
saved themselves.
I. N. Conklin is a lawful son-in-law of mine,
having a wife (my daughter Grace) and three
children ! alive, and living with me. where
they have been ever since the desertion of her,
now over four years ago. He left her In Al
toona. Fa. At that time with a baby only four
weeks old, he had been leading a double life,
the effects of which he carried with him and
made him leave, fearing exposure to bis rela
tives and friends. Therefore, although the nup
tials were legally solemnized, the wedding and
marriage is not lawful, which he will find out
to his sorrow and reap the retribution due him
for his actions. I have kept track of him ever
since he left, and will keep track of him, not
that we respect him or wish him back, but to
let him know that he can't act in this way and
evade the law.
Mrs. E. Gernreich, Oakland, Cal. — Dear
Madam: I beg your pardon for thus address
ing you and trust you will not think it pre
sumption on my part for writing to you en a
very delicate subject that vitally, concerns your
self and daughter. My only object In so doing
Is to save you and yours from deeper sorrow
and further disgrace. To-day's mall brought
me and my daughter (Mrs. I. N. Conklin) three
communications relative to your daughter's
marriage on December 6. 1901, to one I. N.
Conklin. Two of these have Inclosed clippings
giving an account of the wedding with both
portraits attached, and further that the "Sol
dier boy abandoned his trip to his own State
and decided to stay where he is," which was
for his own good, for he dared not return. Now.
my friends, I take it from the account' cf the
wedding that you are well thought of and a>
family of good standing. Therefore I will giv«
you solid facts In this matter.
Conklin's arrest followed the receipt of
a letter from the father of Conklin'a
Pennsylvania wife. The letter, which Is
self-explanatory, is as follows:
The announcement of his wedding at
tracted the attention of a girl who had
refused to marry him after investigating
his record. She notified the Chief of po
lice, who in turn informed Mrs. E. Gern
reich, the mother of Mrs. Conklin No. 2.
Conklin came to California with the
Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers and
served with that organization in the Phil
ippines. After receiving his discharge he
settled in San Francisco and, according
to the testimony in the hands of Chief of
Police Hodgkins, -has been trying to mar
ry somebody ever since he settled on the
coast.
, Conklin was married in this city on De
cember 6 to Miss Elizabeth H. Gernreich.
It is now alleged that he already had
a wife and three children whom he de
serted several years ago in Pennsylvania.
I. N. Conklin, a motorman in the era
ploy of the Oakland Transit Company,
who was arrested last night on a charga
of bigamy, tried to commit suicide by
asphyxiation in his cell to-night. He was
discovered in time to prevent the attempt
from being successful.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Jan. 2.
Mrs. Lyndall was picked up by a stran
ger. She told him her name, but declared
that she lived in Santa Clara. He aroused
Mrs. Schneider, who had difficulty in be
lieving that the sorely crippled form was
that of her mother' she had tucked in
bed a few hours previously.
Dr. Edward R. Sill was called in and
everything possible done for the injured
woman. Her right hip was fractured
and serious internal injury sustained. 1
Sho retained consciousness, however, un
til this morning, when she died.
Mrs. Lyndall has. not resided in Santa
Clara for more than thirty years. The
shock of the fatal fair rendered blank
the interval since leaving there, and she
died under the impression that she was
still in Santa Clara among the friends of
thirty years ago. .
She was a native of New York. She
leaves a daughter, with whom she lived,
and a son, C. P. Lyndall, who is in the
insurance business in Los Angeles. Her
husband was killed in an accident at
Union City some twenty years ago.
When picked up, probably about two
hours after falling, she had clutched in
her hand one of the pillows from her bed
and was feeling about for the covers and
complaining of the cold. i ¦
Deceased was a widow and lived , with
her daughter, Mrs. J. H. Schneider, at
611 East Fifteenth street. The old lady
i:as been ailing for some time and her
mental faculties were considerably im
paired. ¦; She was - extremely feeble j and,
required -constant watching.'
She was seen safely to bed on Monday
evening, but evidently arose during the
night and. lost her bearings in the darjj
ness." The < window through which she
fell was open only about eighteen inches.
' Under the impression that she was
climbing into bed' Mrs. Elizabeth Lyn
dall, 77 years of age, last Monday night
crawled through a second-story window,
fell to the ground and received injuries
from which' she died this morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
1118 Broadway, Jan. 2.
"The trouble started with an inflamma
tion of the ear," said Dr. Chamberlain,
"and spread to the mastoid cells that are
beneath the bone, immediately behind
the ear. It was necessary to open these
in order to relieve the patient of the pos
sibility of the inflammation spreading to
the brain. There will . be danger from
complications until these cells are thor
oughly healed." .
Dr. Chamberlain, the attending physi
cian, said late to-night that Mrs. Booth-
Tucker was resting easily and that she
had rallied from the shock following the
operation. He expressed the opinion
that the chances of recovery were in
her favor.
Consul Tucker was first overtaken by Ill
ness just after her arrival on Saturday
last. She suffered- from a severe earache,
but did not think it necessary to consult a
physician until the pain became so great
that she could not stand it any longer.
Dr. Chamberlain, to whom she then went,
found that an absceSs was forming in the
ear. . He lanced the abscess at the home of
Colonel French in East Oakland, but lit
tle relief was afforded the patient. As she
continued to suffer Dr. Chamberlain ad
vised her to submit t6 an operation.
So serious is Consul Tucker's health that
her husband has been sent for and he is
now on his way from the headquarters of
the Salvation Army in New York.
.While the operation was successful and
the doctors are hopeful, the strain on the
sick woman's health has been very great
and she is now in a much weakened con
dition. She is not deemed in robust health
under ordinary circumstances and her
condition is such now that the slightest
change one way or another means life or
death.
Consul Booth-Tucker of tne Salvation
Army lies critically ill at the Fabiola Hos
pital as a result of an operation that was
performed for an abscess of the ear. Dr.
N. H. Chamberlain, assisted by other phy
sicians, treated the patient this morning
at the hospital by making an incision back
of -the affected ear and removing the ob
struction that has been causing her to suf
fer the most excruciating pain since her
arrival in Oakland last Saturday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 2.
The suit in the Supreme Court may be
immediately followed by an action along
the same lines in the Supreme Court of
New Jersey.
The Attorney General will leave to
morrow night for Washington and will
institute the State's suit Monday in the
Federal Supreme Court. His appearance
ilonday will be a formality. The court
will set a date for the hearing and Doug
las will return to Minnesota. When he
next goes to Washington he will be ac
companied by George P. Wilson and L. S.
Munn, his associates in the case. Then
the great battle will be on in earnest.
The institution of the tirst suit m the
United States Supreme Court is in line
with the original plan made by Douglas.
Regardless oi its erfect on the ultimate re
sult of the right, it will definitely settle
the question of jurisdiction, which is
somewhat clouded.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan- 2.— Governor Van
Sant and Attorney General Douglas
reached home this afternoon. Both drove
straight to the Capitol and went to work
on the railway merger cafe. ' / ' : .
The negro Cornelius was in the cab as
sisting the inspector, John McDonald, who
was on top of the engine. They were
blown to atoms. The others were at some
distance from the engine. It is supposed
that the negro had found the water in
the boiler too low and had suddenly in
jected a stream of cold water on the red
hot crownsheet. The engine was reduced
to .fragments, parts being -hurled through
the building two or three hundred yards.
One piece weighing 3000 pounds was
thrown 150 yards.
The Injured: J. J. O'Neill, machinist,
fracture, will die; Henry Fox, machinist,
fracture, will die; R. L. Willis, black
smith, severely scalded; F. D. Hambrick,
carpenter, head lacerated; William Wil
son, carpenter, fractured ribs; J. M.
Meadows, carpenter, general bruises;
Peter Hammond (colored), scalp wound;
Wesley Johnson (colored), face cut;
Peter Adams (colored), contused shoulder.
URIAH CORNELIUS (colored), helper.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2.— A freight engine
just out of the shop and fired up. in the
roundhouse of the Central Railroad of
Georgia exploded without warning to-day,
killing three mtn, injuring a number of
others and shaking the entire city. The
report was heard seven miles away and
houses four miles distant felt the shock.
The dead:
E. W. HUDGES, machinist.
J. M. MCDONALD, machinist.
McCUTCHEN
PARTY CAUSES
SPECULATION
It has been decided to take up Cuban
reciprocity immediately after Congress re
assembles next week. No bill has yet
been framed and the question will not
take this form until hearings have been
held and all shades of opinion expressed.
It is 'the intention of the committee to
have protracted hearings open to all peo
ple interested in the question of the
sugar and tobacco tariffs. The majority
of the Republican' members of the Way3
and -Means Committee are still opposed
to lowering the rates on Cuban products,
but the administration, represented in this
matter by Secretary Root, Is still insist
ing that something be done and done at
once for the alleged relief of , the people of
the island. Undoubtedly some sort of a bill
will be brought in, but just what form
it will take no one on the committee can
now predict. Senator Platt of Connecticut
had . a long conference with President
Roosevelt to-day on the Cuban situation.
Chairman Payne and Representatives
Dalzell and Long of the Ways and Means
Committee had a long conference to-day
on the question of the Cuban tariff and
other matters that will soon occupy the
attention of the House. '.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— It is thought
that the Senate and House are quite likely
to get into a deadlock on the Philippine
tariff bill. Many well-known Senate lead
ers are In favor of scaling down the rates
on goods 1 coming from the Philippines to
this country and when the bill comes out
of the upper branch it is altogether prob
able that it- will be a different measure
from what it is now.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charles H. Scherrer, former Mayor of
Brooklyn, who was a delegate "of the
Chamber of Commerce to the reciprocity
convention at Washington, said he ob
jected to any reflection being cast upon
that convention. He eaid in part:
The men who composed that convention were
the very men -who were responsible for the
great prosperity of the country. We canno*
compete with foreign countries because of the
quality of poods we manufacture. So long as
wp have the Fystem of protection we can em
ploy skilled labor, which makes our poods
what they are. If the duty is taken off we
will have to cease employing the skilled me
chanics and employ the ordinary laborer and
when that is done the present high standard
of o-jr manufactures will be gone. You can
not adopt this report without casting a reflec
tion on that convention and on the country at
large.
The following substitute for the report
of the committee was offered, but was re
jected:
Resolved. That this body does not recom
mend reciprocity in our trade with foreign
countries until it can be done without injur
ing any of our own products and manufactures.
The committee report and resolutions
were then adopted.
Gustave H. Schwab, chairman of the
committee on foreign commerce, support
ed the resolutions, saying he thought the
injury which would be done to certain in
dustries by reciprocity was eo small com
rared to the great good which would re
sult to the country at large as to be not
worth considering.
NSW YORK. Jan. 2.— A meeting of "the
Chamber of Commerce was held here to
day. Addresses were made by M. L.
Wciller. a representative of French inter
ests, and by Ludwig Max Goldberger of
Berlin, .both of whom are in this country
to Investigate American commercial
methods. The committee on foreign com
merce and the revenue laws presented a
report and resolutions disapproving the
action taken by the reciprocity convention
held in Washington. This report and the
resolutions were adopted after consider
able debate. The resolutions read as fol
lows: ..j.* ; ,
This chamber has consistently fa
vored the establishment through reciprocal con
cessions in tarin. rates of closer trade rela
tions between the United States and the com
mercial countrits or the world; and
\\ hereas. The National Reciprocity Conven
tion, in its recent session in Washington. D.
C, adopted a resolution recommending reci
procity through tariff modifications wnere it
i-an b«? done without injury to any or' our home
interests of manufacturing, commerce or farm-
IE*, thereby rendering £iiy application of re
ciprocal tariff concessions impracticable; and
Whereas, The National Reciprocity Conven
tion in a second resolution recommended the es
tablishment of a new committee to which shall
be referred the consideration of all reciprocal
trade agreements, thereby nullifying and dis
' 6»rding e the valuable and beneficial work
successfully accomplished by the present com
missioner plenipotentiary in the negotiatioa
of important treaties whereby a great part of
the trade of these countries would be thrown
open to us; therefore, be it
Resolved. That this chamber hereby ex
presses its disapproval of the action taken bv
the National Reciprocity Convention in Wash
ington on November ae subversive of all at
tempts to bring about closer trade relations
w.th our sister nations, and to open new and
wider markets for our products; and be it fur-
Resolved, That the chamber viewe with ap
prehension the policy advocated by the reci
procity convention as likely to invite hostile
legislationjon the part of other nations to thi<=
country to 1 the great detriment of its commer
cial interests.
Marries • Oakland Girl, but
Overlooks Family in
the East
Stranger Finds Her Lying on
; the Ground With Both
Hips Fractured.
Cold Water Turned Into Over
heated Boiler Causes
Explosion;
Condition So Serious That
* Husband Starts From
New York.
Cuban Reciprocity Question
to Be Taken Up When
. Congress Reassembles. .
Disapproves of the Action
laken by the "Washing
ton Convention.
Great Battle Against Con
solidation "Will Be Carried
to Supreme Tribunal.
L N. , Conklin, Arrested
for Bigamy, Tries to
End His Life.
Three Men Meet Instant
Death and Nine Are .
Badly Injured.
Minnesota Officials Pre
paring to Appeal Rail
way Cases.
House and ; Senate Not
in Accord on Tariff
Measures.
Aged Mrs. Lyndall Falls
From a Window to
>±iei\ JJeatn.
Salvation Army Leader
Submits to Capital
Operation.
New York Chamber of
Commerce Considers
the Question.
FATAL INJURY
TO OCTOGENARIAN
PREFERS DEATH
TO PRISON CELL
CONSUL TUCKER
LIES VERY ILL
FREIGHT ENGINE
BLOWN TO ATOMS
PHILIPPINE BILL
CAUSES DEADLOCK
HIGHEST COURT
TO HEAR MERGER
FOREIGN TRAPE
AND RECIPROCITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, -1902;
; Woman is the . only, animal that wears
flowers on the congregation side of her
Sunday hat. JflffKfffflW
Deputy, Fish^ Commissioner' Thomas
Rhodes arrested W. T S.:. Middlestadt -." at
Fort | Bragg, 1 ! Mendocino County, yesterday
for having doe jhldes • in ¦', ; his : ± possession
contrary to the game laws. Justice of the
Peace -Whipple fined the offender $30. .The
commission- will' confiscate,: the '/several
hundred -hides which; were seized."-, ,*¦;¦
Game Law Violator Caught.
PORTS., ;!;
¦ASTORIA— Arrived Jan'l — Bark, Scottish
Minstrel, from 1 San " Bias. . ¦
> PORT, TOWNSEND — Arrived .: Jan : 2— Schr
Bancor. from Uiura;; for iTacoma.
. .. ", /' . ' Thursday," January' 2.
Stmr Mandalay. Reed, .Coquille: River. ¦ *.
Btmr. Grace. Dollar. - Fosen, , GrayB ; Harbor,
SAILED,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
George Gllmore, Robert Donaldson,
Prank .West,' Walter ' Brown : and Thomas
Culllgaiu ! striking machinists. . charged
with disturbing the peace on. complaint of
A. -T. Hiefleld. a non-union machinist, ap
peared before Judge Fritz, yesterday.
They stated they had been appointed a
delegation to wait upon H teflelrt to • ask
him not to continue working at the Union
Iron .Works. .They denied threatening vio
lence. The Judge discharged them.
Offered No Violence.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is a real substitute for mother's milk
is a comfort to the mother and bab*
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGlRETTES,or POWDER
Paris, J. BSPIC ; New York, E. POUOESA * CO.
. SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
i " ; : : : : - , ¦¦
DOTT0TJI7Q for barbers, bak-
DliUulLClDf" bootblacks, batfc-
. bouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, fiourmilla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. ¦ painters, shoe factories,
etablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. »tc,
- BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
4Ofc. B ¦ B ? 0^ Ammunition, Pistols, - Cut-
I 0 S El I S." lerj '» Carvln * Set *. Football.
1 543 Baseball. Athletic and Ouu
111 llBil ln * Goods for Holiday Trad*
UUilU Send for Catalo 5 u#
• 739 Market St and 511 K«ar» IkTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1902.
10
SAX FRAJVCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
<>K» McAllister street; open until "9:30 p. m.
SIS Ltrkin sttect: open until 9:30 p. m.
IH41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
_<5I Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. rn.
106 Eleventh street: open until 0 p. m.
3006 Valencia street: open until 9 p, m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrerts: open until 9 p. m.
?-00 Fillmc— ¦ street: open until 0 p. rn.
MEETING KOTICES. 1 •' .? j
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery ___
No. 1«. K. T.. Golden Gate building. TS»p
€25 Sutter Et. — Officers and members g57n
are hereby notified to assemble tn full TO?
uniform at the Asylum TO-DAY *^
at I o'clock for thn purpose cf attending •
the funeral of cur late frater. R. E. SIR
WILLIAM OLIVER GOULD. P. G. C. ,
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Commanders' No. 1. K. < * jg
T.. 8 Post st. — Regular assembly l^J]
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 ill]
o'clock. AH f raters are cordially in- .^
vited. By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. >?!?*£__
F. — Installation THIS (FRIDAY) S^'^js^.
XIGHT. January :t. at S o'clock,
Memorial Hall — All members and 'vWM'S^
visitors cordially Invited.
FRANK V. CCX. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v **•_ i
Ian Club THIS EVENING at S 3l GiS/i 1
o'clock. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln. 'rV—V- '
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief. V_*<r !
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18 K
O. T. M.— Review VHIS (FRIDAY) i^vX
EVENING at 8 o'clock. rioneerfegfgM
Haxl, 24 Fourth Et. f?//T<\K3
H. H. CASTLE. \§£8&y
Record Keeper. ~aa»^
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, _ corooration :
Please take notice that the annual" meeting
of the (stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poration, will be held at the principal office
of the company, in the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market et., between Fourth and
Fifth, in the city and countv cf San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY,
the ICth day of January. 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. ra.. for the purpose cf electing directors
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as raay properly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW 7 M. DAVIS, Secretary.
Dated January 2, 1902.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, offlce
327 Market st.. San Francisco, Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders 01 the Hakalau Plantation Com-
l>any will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 2.7 Market st.. in the city and county
of San Francisco. _tate of California, en
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January
1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.j for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
purpose of amending article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for euch other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Jan-
uary 4. at _ o'clock m. By order of tne
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
KOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Company— Notice is hereby given that in
pursuance of a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, duly adopted at a meeting of said
board litla on the 20th day of November, A. ;
D. 1801. a epecial meeting of the stockhold-
ers cf the Honolulu Plantation Company wiil
be held on MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu-
ary. -*v D. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day, at the office of the corpo-
ration. No. 327 Market St., in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
the same being the principal place of busi-
ness and the office of said corporation, and
the building where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose cf considering
and ectins upon a proposition to create a
bcnCed Indebtedness of said corporation to
the cr.iour.t of one million tvro hundred and .
fifty thousand (1.2S0.C00) dollars, to the end
end for the purpose of providing means and
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted-
ness of Eaid corporation and the indebtedness
Incurred end to be incurred in the develop-
ment of Its properties and the construction
and completion of its works and improve-
ments, the purchase of machinery and the '
acquisition of Euch other property as may :
be within the purposes and objects of Eaid
corporation. Dated Ean Francisco. November
20. 39C1- H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
THE California Debris Commission havins re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from L. Lagomarslno. in the
Ro_y mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings on a flat: from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jones, in the Hardscrabble
mine, near Oak. Shasta Cc. to deposit tail-
ings In Clear Creek, and from Joseph Rup-
ley. in the Nesro Flat placer mine, at Negro
Flat El Dorado Co.. to deposit talllnc" in
Neero Gulch, gives notice that a meeting
•will be held st room 09, Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal.. on January 13, 1902, at 1 :30
p. tn. .
ANN-tTAL MEKTIN'? SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS— Th* annual meeting of the
FtoekholtfTs of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany. I2fi Stockton rt.. San Francisco. Cnl..
»t 12 o'clock m. en WEDNESDAY, the Sth
day of January. 1902. to elect tru«te«»B to
eerve for the ensuing year r.nd for *he trans-
action of such other business as may be
broupht before the meeting. San Francisco,
December 2«. 1901.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE iirtuual meeting of the ftockholderr of The
Nevada National T-ir.k of San Frsncliwv
Cal.. will be held it Its banking-bouse. 301
Mmtrmwry ft.. Ean Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. rn.. for the election cf directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the trarnactlon cf
Fuch other buffinpfs sx may onrne before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
10C7 Market st.. room 1.
ASIMIAI/TUM ROOFING.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. C3 "Market et.— Roofs!
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
* ASTROMinV.
HOROSCOPE — ritten out, prospects, qualifica-
tion. uniiertakir.es, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, puccessful venturrs. by mail If
riefired. RAYMOND. 227 Taylor st.
ATTOBLXKYS AT LAW. " .
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qaick. quiet ;
no charge without succes!; establUhed 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment. ;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney. Examiner building. Ctb
floor; all cases; fees low; estates, collections.
*tc. : consultation free; no advance fees; open
evenlrss.
ADVICE free: divorce: bar.krui>tey; collections;
attachments; mortgages: bills of sale; partner-
chips; deeds: wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
ce^ful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.SHt Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
_ICYC__S For Sale or _^cltsu»__
XCEW blcycjes for children, men and women;
Urgest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON, Pine and Market stg.
BOAROl.VG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — A child to board: mother's care;
will do gewlng. 1(571 Ninth gt.. Oakland.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD. ~~~
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to I4_ Market gt.. S. F. "
KUSIX—SS CHANCKS.
A— I12.VJ; DEATH in fan-.i'y causes the owner
of one of the best-known, best-located coffee
fcnd chep houses to take in a partner; a rare
chance for honest and active man. See R. G.
\HLKE. 2tiyj Kcarny et.
A— $3200: CORNER Mloon; choicest location;
place clears above $250 per month; rent $75.
This Is a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKC.
2C4 Kearny rt.
A — $300: BRANCH bakery and confectionery;
close to large achoc!s; living rooms; rent S20;
value in eight. Call R. G. WILKB. 2G>i
K«trny et.
A — $(150: COAL and wood yard, with 4 horses
and 2 v.apor.F: business is located In Oak-
land; established years and flrrt -class pay-
ing. Al) particulars R. G. WILKE. 20 Vi
Kearny et. >
A— $+00: SALOON on water front; rent $20;
good paying business; investigate at once; a
rare chance. Inquire It. G. V.'ILKE," 20%
Kcarny rt.
A — CiGiK stand; fixtures, lease. 'good will for
$100; stock _t Invoice: location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2014 Kv-arny st.
A — $1000; CORNER grocery ani bar on Taylor
et. ; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a rood business; value in eight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2UU Kearny et.
A— Jf<(0; COFFEE t=aloon and restaurant: es-
1 —b'tehed /years; flrst-class paying; located
clofe to Chronicle building; bargain; call
coon. It. G. WILKE. -6'fr Kearny' Bt.
A— $S00; COrFEE saloon in wholesale 4uT-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
pnd c>arinK above *20c p«r month. Call R.
O. W1LKE. 2C£ Kearr.y st. .
A — THIRTY cit-ar rtanus that net ?2 5if ti> }.<>
e_ilj'. Ask C. _. HEDGE;, 4C2 P_rott bids.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
A— $125; BRANCH bakery; good trade; 3
rooms; rent $12. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— $150; DELICACY- store; good trade; Sixth
Et.; 2 rooms; rent $15. STRAND. 209 Kcarny.
A — WE buy sell or exchange businesses of
any kind. s STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
(i Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, ljdcing-houses, grocery
f>tore3, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A GOOD chance for a live man to bo Into the
wood, coal, hay, grain and general com-
mission business in the lively city of Peta-
luma; a large frontage on the water front,
with all the buildings. ' scales, horses,
wagons, etc., for doing a large business;
right in center- of the city: reasons of sell-
Ing, other business. Apply to GEO. W.
JOHNSON & CO.. Petaluma.
$350 — PARTNER wanted; Market-st. chop
house; clears $150 month; duties take cash
and help generally; no experience; come
quick if ycu want a snap. BROWN. 1221
Market Bt. . - .
$C. r >0— GROCERY and bar: 4 living-rooms; In
M if 6 ion; good business ; splendid location.
MILES & CO.. 927 Market St.. room -OS.
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery, baking over 2
bbls. a day: store trade only; kept by the
present owner 16 years; retiring from busi-
ness cause of. sale. Box 3199, Call.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, laundry offlce. etc.;
2 llvins-rooms; near large school; cheap.
Address box 3000. Call.
FOR sale^ — Saloon. Inquire 613 Eansome St.;
cheap. ~ . '
$500 — PARTNER wanted in profitable business;
ordinary business experience required; no
agents. Room 10. 935 Market St.
WANTED — To buy business for cash: will in-
vest about $1500 or $2000: no agents need
apply. Box 3103. Call office.
ROUTE for sale — A route 'on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St.. Santa
Cruz, Cal.
$450— RESTAURANT suitable for man and
•wife; good businees; must be sold. Box 3154,
Call office. ;
FOR Sale — A good planing mill In a lumber
• yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 450, Healdsburg, Cal.
FOR sale cheap; established dental offlce; best
location. Address A. B. C. Oakland. .
FOR SALE — Flrst-class fruit • and vegetable
store. Call 057 Geary st.
BAKERY for sale; 6hop trade; over 2 barrels a
day. Box 3020, Call. .
CANDY store and factory with living room for
sale account Illness. 2474 Mission St. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
CO-ROOM HOUSE, SURE TO CLEAR
...$300 EVERY MONTH. PRICE $3500...
Payments to suit. DECKER, 1020 Market.
1S-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $50
Price Only $650 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances: clears $200 $1900
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1900
18 rooms ; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150........ 1250
'Si rooms; clears $100 050
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
10 rooms; on Eddy st 750
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A— I Near the Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRD7FIN. 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my offlce.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call. ,
21 r.; fine location: clears $115 mo $1500
30 r.; Fclendid. sunny corner that clears $193
month; on account of sickness owner will
cell for part caeh or exchange for smaller
rooming-house or for real estate $4000
23 r.; low rent; clears about $60 month.. 600
10 r. ; rent ?35; clears $35 300
A. CAMERON _ CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargrains.
SPECIAL SALES
101 r. ; low rent long lease; flrst-class, modern.
C r.; modern flat; rent $40; elegant $650
34 r. ; pri. boards lst-class loc. ; clears $200.3500
2S r. ; rent S125; trans., perm.; clears 150
24 r.:rent $S5; elegant fur., carp- 2500
17 r.: rent $45: cor.; oak fur.: clears $100. S.">0
11 r.: Jones residence; nice home 600
CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE '
CALL ON RETSLOFF— HE CAN SUIT YOU.
S rooms; owner sick: roust sell $200
12 rooms: corner; clears $45 — . 525
100 rrns.; grand cor.: clears $500: paymts K500
21 room*; Al location; payments 1000
8 rooms; Just listed: good 300
IS rooms; well furnishod; bargain 1250
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale.. 3000
10 rooms: best In city: payments 600
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF.
<Tel. 'John 531.) OOP Market St.. cor. Ellis.
A — NOTICE — AH buyers of lodging-houses will
find it to their advantage to call upon us.
We have a great many large and small
bouses on our books and stand ready to give
you reliable information and help you with
money at low rate of Interest. WINSTON &
WOLF. 1023 Market Ft.: phone Jessie 2211:
photograph callery entrance.
J. H. STANTON. real estate and business
chsncp airpnt: removed from 34 Kearny st. to
777 Vi Market St.; hundreds of lodging-houses
and business chances.
A — NOTICE — We have roomine-houses. all
rizeo and prices. In nil parts of the city: get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
MrBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.— We have 65
lnds-ing-houses on lift, many .cheap and good.
Before buying investigate our list.
A ROOMIXG-HOUSE, 17 rooms; rent $30; full
of men: rocd location; cause sickness; price
$350. 2S% Clay St. ;\
A— WE buy, sell or exchange lodging-houses
of any kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
LODCIXG-HOU5ES WASTED.
WANTED — Lodslng-house about 15 rooms;
central; low rent: price not to exceed $500.
Box 3025. Call.
~ SPIU1TCALIS3I.
A C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.;50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. *2. 11C4 O'Farrell Ft.: Ellis' car.
BROCKWAY 1C52 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkln 10S6 — Seances Sun.,
Tues.. Thurs.. S:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A— PBOF. GEE. ins Sixth St.; readings, 50c,
$1: circle Tues.. Thur.. Fri. night. 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S New Tear's test circle to-
night. 10c: prophetic read'gs SOc. $1. 132 6th.
ETHEL CRINDLE'S farewell materializing
seance Fri. eve. 60c. 325 Ellis; 8 o'clock.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllistor— Mrs. C. J.
¦ Meyer; sittings daily: t°st to all to-night. 10c.
_______________
ONE~DOLLAR ! . ........... ONE DOLLAR;
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a ppychlc or palmistry, reading and
know thy future and prospects for 11)02.
«l 00! $1 00! $1 00!. $1 00!
His Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE IX3LLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN PAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, 6ettles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception tonms. 13. 14, first floor.
1104 — MARKET STREET — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS Y; :^--
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.; next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives' an accurate de-
ncrlptkm of the past, reveals the present hap-
pening!! and portrays events to occur in the tu-
turc. ir you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult ¦ this great
medium end you will be told how'to overcome
them. Valtisble advice In all affairs of life:
25c up: ratlsfaction guaranteed. TeL Black 4561).
MRS. DR. JT. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Ft., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS. ~ T
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 607
Kearny st.. . parlors 1, 2. 3. '
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; ha* the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2r»c end. up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays: hours, 10 to S p. m. 215% Cth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c
gents $1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 00. lStfTurk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 32CA Ellis; chUrvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly wltho'Jt
<!ues.: full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader -. from Louisiana":
only 10c; from 1 to 8. ,202 Minna st., nr. 4th.
CAHD reading; ladles. 10c; gentlemen 25c;
; hours I to S. C25 Minna st.
MRS. RROWN.' clairvoyant, card reader: la-
fiics _c; cents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, . clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant: scl-
entlflc palmist; card reader. 1007^ Market.
MME. ZELLA, clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and SOc. 783% Market St.; bring this ad.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 059 Folsom, cor. 6th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 519% Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reada life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st.;tel<Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co... 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.; Eteam cleanlr.s; laying: clean-
lng or. floor. Phone Mint 301 : 923 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CON—LIN'S Superior 'Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Myr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
t COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection" AgencjT 6th .
floor, 91C Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys. '
.^ DENTISTS.
A— DR."T."i~HlGl3INs7^2^fl5arket"sTr-mrna
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. . '
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lesslyiteeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns.$3 50 up: plates, extractions free,$4 60,
up;* offlce hours. 9 a. m to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50;fllllng:s 50c;
plates $5. fujl set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D.. dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ;palnless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; flllings.SOc.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 0G9 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H.. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ¦
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Palivl
less ext., COc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 11S5.\
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. .
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist
late of New York City,' has Just located at
D06 Jones st., where he will admlnster to th«
ailments of domesticated animals; offlce hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WAI.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
- ____________
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
ets. ; 15-wsek courses, beginning January 0;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course ; $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in algebra, Anglo- American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution. English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry. German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, ¦ steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. . Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA. Educational Director; H. - J.
McCoy, General Secretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,"
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
apellne, Spanish, etc.: experienced teacher?:
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MIXES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
-A. — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges preferences. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. •..-,
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ed-
vlse their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice- worth fol-
lowing?. Life scholarship $50: catalogue. ;
YOUNG German graduate of German univer-
sity gives lessons, In German literature and
French and Latin languages. Address MR.
HOELZER, 2116 Central ave., Alameda.
ACTINO. elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
I associated . with theatrical ¦" agency securing
_ positions. Alcarar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, tyj>-
I ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.minlng.mech.fur-
| vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $00. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. ¦
A — THE Leo Cooper School, of Acting has re-
- moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason at.
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lesson*, SOc; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st:
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratario. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
I teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. .1-135 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman Bhorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $0 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 21 Post' St.", S. fT;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping,. grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A. S. • NAKO. COO Bush st.. Main 1C40 — Japan-
ese contractor and employment offlce; con-
tracts taken for general farming help, sugar
beet field help, canneries or factories.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;teI.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters * and : house servants. GEO
, AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; telr East 42tt ;
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
( ( flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188:
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bwih st.; tel. Bush 516. •
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42C Powell. nr.SutterUel. Black 5072:
EBIPLOYM_NT WANTED-— FEMALE.
WOMAN, good worker, wants work /by~dayj
washing, .ironing and cleaning;- terms $1 £5'
Call or address AVorklngwomatf, 143 Erie'
.St.. near Thirteenth. .
PROTESTANT woman wishes housework-
steady and reliable: salary reasonable -.-rer-
- erences. Address box 2»'J0.t Call offlce.
GERMAN woman . wishes any ? kind of - house-
• . work by day, or restaurant .work. MRP
I; SAMMEL. !)#, Welch gt. (rear). '
DRESSMAKING ; and family sewing • by" the
! day ; terma very reasonable. G2_ Larkln st.
NURSE nisht.or day, : or. would go as housT-
•* keeper, ii Free Ion at. -.. • ¦ ¦-•¦ '
EMPLOYMENT- ¦WASTED--PEMALE.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper, about Jan-
uary 1, for lor 2 elderly people, by:middle-
aged American -woman." Address box 23S0,'
_Cair_of flee, Oakland.- ;. .
DRESSMAKER, * exDerlenced in tailor . and
fancy suits, wishes a few customers by the
day, or will take work home. 92U Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, best of references, wishes
situation In a German or Jewish family. 524
Stevenson st. r :
STATE Normal student desires to teach chll-
. dren night and- morning in return for board.
124 Fourteenth et. .
A YOUNG lady wishes a position to take care
of baby; no work; wages $10. Box 2993, Gall.
COMPETENT young woman with a child de-
sires situation; capable of . managing room-
Ing house, hotel or cooking for men; highest
references. 1376 Twelfth ave.. Oakland. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
to ?b week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. - . . ¦
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED— - MAL—7"
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; ' neat ap-
pearance, sober, willing and obliging; expert
horseman and driver; fine all-round man; best
city references. M. M.. 832 Mission St., city.
A SINGLE, temperate, experienced private
coachman, good references, wants situation;
city or country; private family only. Ad-
dress Advertiser. 1123 Sutter et. > '
A RELIABLE man, 25, would like work In a
wholesale house or drive a team of any kind;
knows the city well; l best . of references.
2422B Greenwich st. ¦ -
A YOUNG man of 25 wants position to drive
delivery wagon of any kind, or .would work
In packing-house; 8 years' experience 'In
dried fruits; good references. Box 2997, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class creamery
' operator; married. E. E. C, 18 Rose ave..
Oakland. ; • ¦¦;
WANTED— By old German gentleman, light
position as timekeeper or watchman. Apply
UNCLE JOE. 162 Jessie st.
BAKER foreman, steady and competent, wants
. place. Address Baker. 225 Third St., Oakland.
A YOUNG' man (married), ¦ aged 26, expert
horseman . and driver, .'good all-around ' man,
willing and obliging, can drive truck or sand
wagon, acquainted with the city, wishes
work of any kind. .Address J. B.. 413 Valen-
cla st. ; telephone Mission 11. ; ¦ - ¦ .
A GARDENER, single, German, understands
propagation of plants, pruning, grafting,
greenhouse work, can milk cow. handy with
tools, wishes position. Address Gardener,
Baldwin House, 30 and 32 Ellis St.
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
liable young man of 20. salaried position,
$i5;,six years' . experience in offlce work;
thorough accountant. Box 3110, Call office.
SITUATION- wanted by reliable young man,
with $50; .best references; experience with
horses. - Box 31S1, Call offlce. .\ >
COMPETENT middle-aged man. weight 215,
best of references, 1 wants position as watch-
man. Box 2379. Call offlce.
WANTED — By bright German, position to so-
licit and collect; best of references given; also
bond or cash security. Box 31S3. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man with - good recommendations
'wishes position In store or to drive small de-
11 very, wagon. Address 12SC Eddy st.
WANTED — A situation by a flrst-class coach-
man Just disengaged where. he can make hlm-
sclf generally useful. Box 3182, Call offlce.
MALE professional nurse from' Denver wants
situation; best of • references; will go any
place. Box 3063. Call . of flcn. ;
JAPANESE boy would like position as school
boy In Oakland. Apply 633 Sixteenth st.,
Oakland.. SASAKY. . ¦ ¦
.~^~ j >~~jc w BI£S!^ A -
COMPANIES promoted^ gljaTantecT^^and
financed, stock taken -In payment for serv-
ices;' good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main of flee*. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
• FLATS TO LET.
dTr^W09^FlaT7o~7eTlin^^
new; never been used; frescoed ' ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park;' rent $37 60; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock. ' ' ¦
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic;
elegant location, view and grounds; NW. cor.
Waller and Portola, bet. Pierce and Stelner.
RELIABLE party to take flat, 6 furnished
rooms, and board man and wife: 2084 Mar-
ket sU- "" '.. : ¦."¦" -". ¦' ". : ¦ " ' .'-'¦•
SUNNY modern flat, 6 rooms arid bath. 965
Golden Gate ave., opposite Jefferson. Square;
.. no children. ¦ ' ,,
$15 — SUNNY -upper flat. 4 large rooms.' 631
Grove Bt. - -
$15— SUNNY upper flat. 4 large rooms. 631
Grove et.'
$27 50 — NEW modern flat of . 7 rooms, ,bath.
basement and yard. 4034 18th, near Castro.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED. •
V ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, 1
year, with reference. . Box 3049, Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT new furniture- and carpets: will
sell whole or parts. 1912 Fillmore et., near
Bush; flat 3.- ' . . _--
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $ 48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE _ WAKTED. ¦ -
WILSON buv» all kinds of household goods.
; 1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT..773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 133L
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff glove order;
factory price guir. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
........; HOTEL DEPARTMENT .-.
20 chambermaids, 25 waitresses, for Santa
Barbara, i San' Diego, Pasadena, Los Angeles,
$20 and rate fares. . . '
2 extra waitresses,' banquet.. ....$150
25 waitresses, city and country .$20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel .......$20
Man & wife, waiter & waitress, country.. $40
Experienced clerk, mdse.: store, country.. $20
" Woman, kitchen work, same place....... $15
Plain ironer. institution, experience not nec-
essary, country, $20, see party here.
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Cook, gentleman and ¦¦ valet. $30
Cook,' Alameda, see party here. ...'.$25
Housegirl, San Rafael, fare paid..... ....$25
• Waitress, country, 2 In family $25
• Nurseglrls, care small children. refs...$12-$15
Others too numerous to advertise.. ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Flrst-class cook, country, see party
lj 10 o'clock, $35; 4 second girls, $25: 4 restau-
u rant waitresses, $7-$8 week; cook and second
. girl, same house, short distance, • $25-$20;
. waitress ' for hospital, . $20; . housework, 4 In
. family, $30; chamber work and waiting, fam-
lly hotel, $20; German cook, -Oakland; $30;
German second girl, 2 family, $25; nurseglrl,
2 children, $20; 30 girls for housework in
nice families, $20, $25 and $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. ±- • .
WANTED — A good Swedish or Norwegian girl
for general housework; must be good cook; 4
adults In family; references required; "call
Saturday, between » a, m. and 2 p.m. 14
. Broderick st. . . '
AN elderly German lady to take care 'of two
'children; must have some experience as gov-
erness; state religion; salary. $30 and found.
Box 2904. Call offlce.
WOMAN wanted, refined and educated, of-good
. appearance;- must be over 30 'and competent.
Box 3104. Call offlce.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and housework;
small family. - 8520 Green St.; near Scott.!,
WANTED — A good girl or woman to work in a
Bmall : restaurant. 010 Stanyan st. .
A GlRL or middle-aged Woman; good home.
1105% Howard st. ,
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call at
2706 Sacramento st. ' . ¦"•... *
EXPERIENCED girl to work in bakery. Pa-
• ciflc Heights Bakery, 2225 Fillmore st. . >
WANTED — -'A girl ¦ '. for cooking and • general
.-. housework; family of three.' 2040 California,
WANTED— A first-class •: waist - trimmer. -330
;. O'Farrell St.- ; \ '"
: WANTED— Good restaurant waitress at 7 Tay-
r lor st.; wages; $7 a week. . -.-y- ¦ •¦ y- '
"WANTED— Middle-aged - woman to ¦ do light
¦ housework ;,; plain i cooking. 1013 Treat; ave:
SECOND girl ; family of two ; must be experi-
enced waitress; reference.". 271S Webster st.
A'< GIRL "i wanted . to ' do . upstairs ! and ". wait at
. table. ¦ ' 2328 ; Pacific ave. '
, WANTED-^a-' bright.- active young I women to
r . learn 'waiting at table. 725 Market st.
GIRL for. housework * and \ cooking; : small ' fam.
: - lly;-.wages $20-$25. . Call 20C5 Bush St.- •£-. ;-
GERMAN "• girl " for - general : housework ; small
fimily." 2332 Pine St., near Stelner.
' ¦ ' •
WANTED— Young colored ', girl to • take care of
;• babyl do second work, • etc. %- 1820 Polkst.; •
LUNCH waitress.-' wanted. -A People's. :': Restau-
: rant. C31- Clay st.-. ¦ - ¦¦.¦"--"•
¦"_'- HELP WASTED--FEMAL-— Con.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY. _. CO .'.Phone Main 1575
' ; . ....... .'. HOTEL . DEPARTMENT ;
15 -waitresses,- --city -and country hotels, $20-
$25; 4 more chambermaids. Southern Califor-
nia, $20, half fare; chambermaid, city, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20. • >'-
....;... / FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....... .
Cook, no washing, $30; cook, San Rafael,
$30, see lady here; second girl. San Rafael.
$25, see lady here; waitress and parlor maid,
$20; many other choice places; best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. . . . . . ¦ .335 Geary st.
MOTHER and daughter or two sisters as cook
and second; small family; $45. -
. MRS.M. E. DAY & CO. '..'....'. 335 Geary st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
NEAT young girl for second work and sew-
Ing, 1180 O'Farrell et. .-
OPERATORS at Levt btrauss _ Co.'s Overall
Factory. 21% Fremont st.; no cxperlenca
r.«<Kssary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
. UK. DAVIS. , r ,
CALIFORNIA College of Halrdreselng and
Massage; leading school of the West; prepares
young ladles for the latest and most . profit-
able profession for women; ' full ..course $5.
Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkln st. ; take
elevator; visitors welcome. # . ' "...
WANTED — 50 babies and nurses; aged 1 to 3
years. Apply manager "Whose Baby Are
You?" California Theater box office, Friday
afternoon. 2, to 4 o'clock..
A GIRL to do light housework In Alameda; 2
•in family: good home; references; $2 a week.
Box 2600, Call offlce. ¦ .
A GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
after 10 a. m.. 1053 Market St.. upstair*.
. - HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 5848
'.Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
634-636 Clay st
.............Office Open 7 a. m
Teamsters ....'..... Teamsters
15 two-horse teamsters, new work, .near
city ..$27 50 and found
¦ 5 scraper holders, fare 55c... $34 and found
6 plow teamsters, south $30 and found
5 orchard teamsters, $26; 3 ranch teamsters,
Merced County, $30 and found: 5 pruners for
orchard. $30 and found; 10 farm hands, $26
and found; 5 choremen, $20, $25 and found;
farmer and wife, north. $45 .and found;
stableman, $50; butter-maker;. 5 young men
to work on fruit ranch, $20; 25 woodchoppers,
75c, $1 to $2 per cord: 10 tiemakers, 10c to
1 5c
2 brlckmasons, mine company, $120 and
found; shingle sawyer. $52 and found; 2 ma-
chinists; blacksmith's helper, city, $1 50 day;
.furnace man for mine, $65 and house; ma-
chine hand, planlng-mill
. 6 cooks; 10 waiters; German waiter, 'country
hotel, $30; baker, country shop, $35 and
. found; baker's helper, city, $25 and found;
kitchen help etc.
MURRAY & READY.... 034-636 Clay St..
AT CR. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Free Fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
20 drillers and headers $2 to $2 50 a day
20 muckers..... $2 a day
Free Fare Ship. To-day Free Fare
Coachman, city, $30; planing mill foreman, $3
a day: butcher, country shop, $30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country hotel $75
Short-order cook, country hotel $75
Fry cook, restaurant $75
Steward, country hotel.. ...$50
cashier, restaurant $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
PIANO player for country; restaurant head
cook. $20 week; 2 second cooks, $12 week and
¦' $60 month; boarding-house cook, $40; lunch
cook, $20;. waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT &-CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦ •
FOREMAN for sawmill, $100 month; . stpjle-
man for country. $30 and found; 2 fruit
farmers and wives, $40; farmers, $1 day;
choreman for rarfth. $25 and found; laborers
for country, $2 day; old man for Janitor
work, $1 day; driver for milk wagon, $30
and found; boys for factory: woodchoppers,
tiemakers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A GARDENER, private place; country, $25,
see party at office; pruner for orchard. $26;
farmer for orchard, steady place, $20. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 010 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office, 310 Stockton st.
Cook, $15 a week; second cook, $65; assistant
cook, $30; waiter, $40; dishwasher, $7 a
¦week; cook for Institution, ?40.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, R. 12.
2 waiters, free >f are, $30, same hotel.
WANTED— A bookkeeper familiar with family
accounts and able to handle a large ledger in
first-class shape; 600 to 700 accounts; must
have good references . and be able to add
rapidly and accurately; permanent place;
$1- 50 a week to begin ; give age * and ex-
perience and where last employed. Box 3160,
; Call offlce.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
' character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
' less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. .
WANTED — Man who wishes to leave the old
rut and make big money In something new
and legitimate; permanent. Dept. 1112. 184
LaSalle st.. Chicago. .
BOYS wanted, 16 years of age and upward;
wages $1 per day. Apply at Rope Works,
Potrero. , • . .
WANTED — Boy to go errands and assist in
grocery store; wages $4 per week. , 1504 Post
Ft., corner Laguna.
WANTED — Business man capable presenting
new proposition; salary. Call 9-12, r. 45, 819
Mkt.,S. F., or 41 Macdonough bldg., Oakland.
UPHOLSTERER wanted; country town; north;
an all around man preferred; steady Job. Ap-
ply bet. 11 and 2. F.* DEUTSCH, 140 Second.
WANTED — 2 strong boys about 16 years old
to work in wall paper store. Apply 1614-1618
Market St.; references required. '
WANTED — Partner at once with $100; old es-
tablished business requiring two; 'a rare op-
portunity. Address 1016 Market St., r. 10.
TAILOR for repairing clothing. 655 Clay st.
BOY for offlce; answer own handwriting, wages
expected; refs required. Box 2008, Call.
ERRAND boy for printing office. 643 Clay Bt.
BOY to drive wagon; wages $4 per week. 212
O'Farrell st. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
. 105 Tenth Bt. ....
"WANTED — Boy for mercantile house. Address,
stating age, box 3198, Call office.
WANTED — Bushelman. 664 Geary. st. t
BOY about 14 years old to assist. In store and
run errands; references required. 841 Mission.
GOOD tailor on custom coats; steady work.
Apply 301 Franklin st.
A GOOD tailor for busheling. 827 Sutter St.,
near Leavenworth. ¦ ' • " • e«
WANTED — Experienced waiter. '725 Market
, street ;- -St.-;."' . ¦ . \ ' . "
FIRST-CLASS mechanical draughtsman and
: designer for detail work on heavy machinery;
state experience in detail. Box 3191, Call.
GOOD, steady barber will learn of something to
his advantage by calling at 50 Steuart st.,
between 1 and 4 p. m. ,
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
"WANTED — Reliable younsr . man with $125-
cash; plain indoor work: no experience nec-
essary; $15 a week; steady place; only those
, meaning business apply. Brown, 1221 Market.
WANTED— Men ' to " learn barber ; trade; ' eight
.weeks; tools , donated : situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
' Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal. ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno 'House proprietor, still
runs Denver House,. 217' Third st.; 150 large
'rooms; 25c per night; $1; to $2 per week.
MEN to learn: barber trade; -barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free.' .MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. K55 Clay, st . , ..-7: :
A — $125; STEADY man as partner In good pay-
. Ing business; will pay $20 a week. 88 ./Third.
BOY. 17 years.. of good address; opportunity to
advance. ; Carson, Glove Co.,, 35 Market St.,
YOUNG man to do ' Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
McDONALD* & PERRY have 500 pairs second'
hand shoes for sale; 50c up.. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions.; A. :E.' Co., 1413 building.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
SOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.,nr. 5th.
PENSION atty., -E.- A. Bullls,: 3,- 40, Phelan
: big. Past Com. Geo: H. Thomas Post. ¦ G. A. R.
SAILORS, ordinary, ' for ships for all parts of
the- world. HERMAN'S. ; 26 , Steuart st.
GET your '¦ shoes '¦ 'half-soled while' waiting: 25c
. to 50C.X563 Mission St.,' bet.lst and 2d sts.'
WINCHESTER House. 44~ThIrd St., near Mar-
ket— 200 'rooms. v 25c * night; ' reading rooms;
¦ ' free .'bus • and baggage • to and from- ferry.
¦ ; houses : to ; let: ~
A— PRINTED list houses I to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H.UMBSEN & CO/. 14 Montgomery.,
• - ¦", ' "«¦¦ " '¦ HY "?f?~ IS ?* : ¦"¦ ¦' •
HYPNOTIC magnetic Institute; diseases/ habits
r cured; lessons given.* Dr. Conrad, 7 Grant ave.'
__ HORSES AND WAGOXS.
BEAUTIFUL span Palomemo carriage horses,
4 and 5 years old, 16% hands high; full
brothers; standard bred. - For particulars.
1328 Mission st. ; horses at S19 Thirteenth
St.. Oakland.
DO not fail to attend . the special auction sale
Thursday, Jan. 2, at 11 a. , m., at' the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. -¦
FOR eale at a bargain, well advertised horse
market; complete outfit for breaking and
handling horses: low rent; good location.
. Box 3076. Call. . ' ' . ¦ ¦
HORSES — 100 head to select from: good single
drivers from $20 up. JOHN H. HALTON.
'- 1732 Market st. • __^
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one i-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth. st.
400 FINE young mules for sale or exchange.
Parker's ranch. Lockford. or A. F. ROOKER.
Stockton. , .
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. Johr H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale; cheap. 532 Mission.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
cured, ladles or gentlemen, by medicated
massaga treatment; consultation free. MR3;
HARTLAND, Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post.
LOST AXU FOOD.
LOST — Pearl opera-glasses in black crocheted
bag, Wednesday. 'Jan. 1, at 2 p. m., on Flll-
more st... bet. Golden Gate ave. and Turk
st. Return to 1015 Flllmore St.; reward.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel, brown feet, brown
mark on face. Return to Rainier Agency.
Eighth and Townsend sts., and receive re-
ward.
LOST — Diamond heart brooch; liberal reward
will be paid. Return to CARRAN & GREEN,
220 Sutter st.
LOST— Sealskin collar on Pine St.. between
Van Ness ave. and Jones st. Return to The
Colonial Hotel and receive reward.
LOST — A memorandum-book. If finder will re-
turn it to 517 Davis, city, win receive reward.
LOST— On Dec. 30. in the vicinity of Sacra-
mento and Devlsadero sts., a brown and
white setter bitch, with plain leather collar.
Return to 2100 Devlsadero st. and receive re-
ward.
LOST— Black I curly bob-tailed dog; name
"Bob." Return to 8. P. Co.'s general bag-
gage room, ferry depot; $10 reward.
LOST — St. Bernard yellow and white bitch
pup. Return to 175 Chestnut St.; reward.
LOST— On Washington st.. between Van Ness
ave. and Taylor st.. man's gold ring. Finder
return to W. AMES. 324 Montgomery st.. and
receive reward.
LOST — Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny; reward. 626 California st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHIXE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento St.,
. builds models and experimental machinery'
mine hoists 4. S. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL. ~
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EIUs.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and setrillzed, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAU.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines rave been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved' by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: ill classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles before
and during confinement; beat of care; confine-
ment, $15; room and board, $5 week; infants
. adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
residence. 606 Guerrero, nr. 13th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience: instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during, confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician," has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st., near
Taylor, forrreily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. i>. GOODWIN, ladles* physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home, 906 Market St., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
LADIES, consult the original Mrs. Davies at
the old offlce, 1228 Market st.; 30 years' ex-
perience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons— Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
St., near 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engi^eX^S-n^nT—a^hinery! U?
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR sale — A Schoninger New Haven orchestral
organ, in perfect order: suitable for church
or Sunday-school; worth $200; will sell cheap
for cash or will trade. -Call bet. 4 and 7 p.
m., or address W. H£ 62S Golden Gate ave.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
LOT 2d-h_nd pipe, all sizes; cheap: also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE, 616-520 Mission St.
GENT'S black Bults for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St., upstairs. t
FIREWOOD. $2 per load delivered. E. C.
PITCHER & CO.. Sixth and Hooper sts. ;
phone South 375.
A— S3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, SI 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 21tt California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815. worth $250, only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 60. Port-
land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc
MERtGAN. 1302 Webster: tel. "Jarkson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & „. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
>. BAKER & HAMILTON. *
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. — . DOAK, 306 Mission St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. • ¦-.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 6 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St. - -
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & PRECK. 131 Post st.
BIISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices - for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st : tel. Folsom 232_.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothlns bousht
& sold. SHverman. 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
HERMAN~ldU^pirYr^6oT_xam7neTnBuTrd7nK"
........ $4,500,000 at lowest rates „
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in • estates
J. Property being held in trust ...
Undivided interests in real estate .....
..Life insurance policies. ' estates , In probate ;
. .Financial problems of all sorts'~and sizes..
If You Need Money .. . .
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% _ 6 per cent in sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties;' loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a'.ove securities. Tel. Red 5024/ MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
. proper "place - to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. ¦¦, Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant av., nr.- __t. ; tel. Black 5471.
A^Y^A—OUNT^AT^S PER CENT. ~"*~"
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate in probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN'
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY preposition, any amount; ti per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 10,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 827 Market St.. room 813.
'MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned. to salaried people on nota with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at C per cent per
annum. MORHELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods tn warehouse, etc. : any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
S1000; any security." 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
3% ON furniture and pianos: (IS up; 'no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: n~
commls.; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 MkP,
¦>
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; indorsed paper d!v>
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 331 Parrott bids.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
| buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without lndorser; other propo-
sltlons. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bid*.
MONEY WANTED. .
WANTED — Loan of $500 at 1 per cent a month;
good security. Box 2996. Call offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GOOD thins to remember^ — W« are not
conducting a "fake" sale of pianos nor sell-
ing for less than cost; neither are we giv-
ing pianos away for the sake of getting them
out of the house; no reliable or honest firm
does, cr claims to do any of these things.
If you want a good piano at a reasonable
price, we have just what you want. I as you
can find out by calling. You can select
from Wlssner, Decker & Son. Baumeister.
Steger or Singer. Payments accepted If you
do not caw to pay cash. THE ZENO
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Piano*.
LESTER Pianos. ", .
HAMILTON Pianos. ' '3" •_.;"'
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Port at.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
. Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CT7RTAZ —
BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertnjr, Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased:
installments $3 up; big: allowance for old
pianos; bargains $25 up In Stelnways. Heine.
Chlckerinsc. etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85; etx-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
square. $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS _
SON. 23 Fifth «t: IVER3 & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 2Oc a day to buy a piano
from cs. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'FarreU
St.; established 1850.
A STECK. Everett. Hardman, Ludwlg. Pack-
ard, Kingsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY BL
ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $109
upward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
SACRIFICE account unforeseen circumstances,
upright piano, magnificent tone and case.
543 Turk »t.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
, cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PARTY going away: must rent, sell or store
upright Steinway piano. Box 31S6, Call.
$150 — ON sale, upright jrrand: cost $600: mak»
cash offer. Room 30, 217 Geary st,
$176 — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlberala Bk.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
superior violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE* S. 22 Turk tt. near Market—
• Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
yEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER. late of. New York
has Dermanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421.
OI_. :
OI_ tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 816 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, sdentlCo palmist. 015
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black S61.'
' FERSOXALg. ¦
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
. $15; with, these suits -we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Bt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and>
fit by using Standard Patterns; -Dec patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVAN9.
• Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electrto
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st.
ELECTRIC light li» every • room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 70O rooms;
25c to |1 50 per night; SI 50 to |6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bairdresslng, manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
82-t Post st.; switches at bargain prices.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day oa
your business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio. ¦ ¦¦
Shampooing. SOc; wrinkles removed. SOc: halr-
' dressing, any style. 25c; the best switches.
|1. SI 50. $2. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
etanes. antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael*
THE latest and best things in ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. . ADAMS CO.. 156 5th,
WHITE enamel iron bed3 single, three-quartfr
or double. $2 25. EASTEIOJ OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton at., near Broad— ay.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 563 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, when*
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltti
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.Q.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A.. VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 703 Valencia 'St.. corner 19th.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone*
bought. T. Fershtand. 120 Kearny st., rm. 29.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. D. RAY. 457 Minna st.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair moles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkln .1171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play . books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. "«33 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes atH. Anderson's, theatrt-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. 52 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. , LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT."
the best corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
-air to Its natural color; $1; at all dru;;iat».BT7SINESS OF: SUPREME »
;^ * COURT IS INCREASING
;Cases Within the Next Two or
: -. \ . . Three Tears.
Justices May, Catch. TJp With the
During the year 1901 the Supreme Court
decided 701 cases in which written opinions
were delivered. %'This is the largest num
ber of such cases decided for several
years. This number does not include the
vast number of decisions on motions, peti
tions for original writs, petitions for hear
ings in \bank: after decisions in department
and for rehearings after decisions in bank,
etc.". in "Which written opinions are not re-
Quired and I were not delivered. ;
During 1901 there were filed in the clerk's
office' C23 , -transcripts t on appeal, so that
the net gain for the year was seventy-nine
cases.' The general, business of 'the court
is behind in the San.- Francisco district' a
little less than two years; in' the Los An
geles district one year, and in the Sac
ramento district a little less than one
year. Thereforeif the gain for the last
year should be continued in the future the
court 'would be up "with its ¦ business in
"the. next' two- or three years. It is be
lieved that the court is much more nearly
abreast its business than the average of
highest appellate courts of other States.
Lost Her Sealskin Coat.
A" S. J. -de Guerre of the firm of Arm
strong & De Guerre, who lives on Hart
ford street; reported to the police yester
day that his wife's 'sealskin coat, valued
at $200, . had been stolen while they were
partaking of "supper, at the Cafe Zinkand
bet-ween 11 and - 12 o'clock last '¦ Tuesday
night.'. His wife .had placed her. coat on
the back of her chair, and after. supper
when she turned round to put j it on it
had disappeared. The cafe was crowded
at the .time- and' no one seemed' to have
noticed 'the 'theft. An' accurate descrip
tion of the coat was given and Captain
Seymour has detailed two detectives to
find ft if possible. ..
Appraised.
The estate of ' the j late. Morris j Mendel
has been appraised -at : ?47.997 50. It ¦ con
sists of $15,743 cash in various banks,
promissory notes and real estate.
The . late ¦ Alfred 1.; Weiler. formerly a
member of the firm of Felix Coblentz &
Co., -left an estate valued at $3G,445 91. The
appraisers' report was filed yesterday. •
"The:greater;part of my. mining investi
gations were -made - on the "island of
Celebes. I found the lana rich in gold,
both placer and quartz. I : made tmy trip
in the interests of a German and English
syndicate. -The results of the investiga
tions were "perfectly satisfactory and we
will. begin operations on the island next
.year. Smelting . machinery .and stamp
mills, with other modern- .mining ap
paratus, will be shipped from this coun
try.' Borneo, 'Celebes and Java are prac
tically as uncivilized as they were fifty
years ago. The natives of Celebes are an
unusually -barbarous people." ! '
Colonel Hand was.formerly. an officer In
¦a.- New; York regiment. He resigned his
position several years ago to enter rntn
ing.'- vr^'P •'•"¦ :- '''¦¦ ..-..•:/'_. ¦ ;
"Although cholera and plague epidemics
result in the death 'of -millions 'of : . people
in the Orient, every year the. suffering in
those countries would be many > hundred
times greater /without them. Famine and
starvation would surely follow: in -the
absence of annual;fktalities. -In the city
of Sourabaya the population. is estimated
at approximately .'2,000,000 people. Should
the ,; off spring • of .this number be greater
than' the death rate' each year there would
not, be 'room for the. inhabitants on the
island.vmuch less food and livelihood.
--TACOMR,' Jan. 2.— Colonel E. F. Hand; a
New York 'mining engineer, who arrived
last night", after spending; three years :in
mining in -Java, states that I cholera -.is
sweeping away thousands ot. the natives
this winter. ; During November '7000 peo
ple died In the -city of Sourabaya alone.
"Hef^ays;. , .. '¦¦ ' ¦ : ';' '¦¦'¦ ', •¦¦'¦ .. ":
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mining Engineer Explains
-Bow Plague Has Ad- :
.: :"-•*; '' ?T vantages. ¦ '
•Eiousands of Iiives Lost
in a Prevailing
'\f'. Epidemic^
CHOLERA KILLS
JAVA NATIVES
THE SAN FRANOISCO^OAX.L, FRIDAY, 3, 1902.
11
:¦ -L*>: '^RAILWAY TBAVEL/
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TrmlB* lenvt* nml nr* dm» l« xrrl** mt
. : (Main Line. Foot of Market Streal) .
X.XAVS i — Fkom Dicember 6. 13C1. — < AKsrrfl
7x00 a Benicia, Sulauu, Elmira tad Sacra-
nuiuto.. ....,,,.. 8:S3f
"i00a Vacaiille, Wlnt>-ra,'Ruai39y 7:53p
«i!IOA Martinez. Sau Uaiuoa, Vailejo. N»pa,
CaltstAga and Santa llosa «:23r .
S:OO a Davia, Woodland. KnigbU Lmnding. '
Marynville, Orotille. 7:»»P
8<«»a Atlantic Kj press— Ogden and But Mi23«
»:«<»a N!l^ Lathrop. Stockton « Z:2*t
StUOANUes, Mendot*, Haniord. Viaalia.
Porterrllle .^71. 4:33»
¦¦ *i8W A Shasta Expreaa — Darto. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willowa. Sed
Bluff, Portland. : 7:33f .
*i»Oa Bau Jose, Liserraore, Stockton,
• lone, Haeranieuto. Plaeerrille, . '
MnrynTills, Chloo. Ited Blnff 4:2.1?
BiBOa Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Tuolurane 4:25 r
BjOOa Hay ward. Nilea ami Way SUtioiia.. I I:»3a
•«OOa Vallejo tadOp
•tOOA Loa Angelea Express — llirliinn,
Tracj, Lathrop. Mtockton, Merced
Fresno tad Los AnKeles 7:33a
9:30a Vallfjo, Martinet ami Way Station* 7:.13p
itiOOA The Oteilaud Limited— Ogdeo, Den. '
ver. Omaha. Cbie&jtn *>83»
tl:»Op: Bacrameuto ISiwer Staamgn fll:OUP
S>U«r BeuieU, Whiten. Saoramenlo.
Wou.lltnil, K»iKl>U . Laodlug.
JUrrdYille, Orovllle J«:.Vl4
S>30p Hay w»rd. Mile* and Way Citations.. T:33r
4itt«p Martiiiex. Hau Jtauion. Vallejo. *
Napa, <,'»li»toi<a. Santa Rosa »>33p
* >OO r Nllea, LiTermore, Btoekton, Lodl ... • 2 ¦¦'¦i » r
4il«'p Htrw»i(l. Nile«, Hau J.me, Li»crmoTe fH:.15*
•:Ur Tha Owl IJrnited — Fremio. Tnlan.
•¦ BakersSeUl. San jus tor Santa Bax*
bara. IjOI AuRsles SiSS*
SiOOp Port Cost*. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton IU:23*
- 5:00p Martlnvz. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
¦ - ced. Fresno 12:2-1*
«:««r Hay ward. Xlltm aud Sao Ju«e 7.3}*
t«>««r Vallejo ll>ar»»
OtO«r Oriental Mall— Ogrten, DenTBr,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chlcsjo 4:29a
7i0t»r Oregon and California ISii'r«M,Mao-
ranientn, Mnrjuvllla, Iteilillng. '
1'ortlniKl, 1'nget .Humid ami Kaat - ti33«,
•i«9pSan Pablo. Post Coats. Martinea
ami Way Stations ll!«S*
_t»««"p VmlUji. ?»aa>
COAST LINE (Sarrori «*uRe).
(foot ofMnrkot Street.)
Mit.iANeirarit.OuteriUle.Sati.lose.Foltou.
rfeSi' '- lionlderCr«ek,8aiit»Oruxand Way .
UtaUoiiB 3x30» "
fBiISp Hewark Center<ille. San Jose. New
Alnmden, Felton, limiider Creek,
' Santa Cru* and Ptlndpal Way
— Stotions K»:.-50* •
4il.1p Newark, Ban Jose. LosGatos IStSOs.
«9.3up Hunters' Train— San Jcse and Way
Buttons jT.gCT
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS FRISCISCO-rool of Mwkot Strut (Slip 8)—
tV:15 9:00 . 11:OOA.U. 1:03 3:J3 6:lSr.«.
fr«iaOllU»0— r»t «f 8tMawnT.— f«:00 Jt);CO 13:01
10:00«.l», 13;C0 203 i:S3r.U.
COAST IjIXK (Bmul <i.m *»).
. (Third i»i.d Townsenil Sta.)
<»:•<•* S»n Joae and V("ny .scitioua... ....... «:I»a
7.«Oa Han Jose imil Way .SUtiiiiw...
/?:«WA New Ali«ta.lei».... / 4:10#
8:OOa Coast line limited — San Jon#,
Gliry. 8aBoaa, San Lois Ooispo,
Banta Barbara. I.oi Angeles and
principal intermediate stations.... I O;13ej
•iOOaHimi Jom>, Tres Hdos. «anta r'nre,
Pncliic t«ro»p, 8an I.nij
Obispo ami I>rincl;>al intermwliata
HtHti.ms : 4:1 Oy
1 0::to A Sin Ji Be and Way SUIions. r . M:»« A
II:!I»A S:m.lnwiiiinl W»» SUtloim I>; 10*
tS:-l.1p Ban Alati-o. l(e>twiio<l. Mrnlii Park.
¦ l'«lo Alto, iSauta Clara. Han .Iran.
TreB Finos, >Snnta <;rux, Salinas.
' MoiHerxyaifl I'acilic (Jrote. |III:>I34
8:S« r San .lose anil Wsy Stations. ...• !>:•«»
«4:l!ir *an Jn«eau<l I'rincinal Way Stations 5i30s>
¦*:SOr Sunset limited— Mondays. Wecrnrs- '
• days, Friday*, for 1m* A iiecles. El
Pai» New Urleans and New York. .
ATTirea Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays „ Io.-ISj
. t.%:OOp.S*M J(««, Los Gato» aud Principal . -JT
Way LStatimis.'. r':««4
BtMW 8an Jni!« anil I'riuclnal Way Statiunn C. ::«p
B::tOp Ma,, .J.m-an.l W«y Statlmifi ' ?>.1U7
1:0" p New Orleans Kxprex* — Man Ln!s
ObUpo. Santa Hiirhara, Xjrn An-
Kelen. D ming. El Paso, l.'ew Ur-
leans and East ............ 7:304
ati»4.tpS»».ln»f.«iiil Way Stations ?:'.td9>
A for MomiiiK - 1* for A fteriioou "^ ' ".-
t Hnu«t«T rxnmited. - ? 5<»ni}aT only
aSati:r<l»rooly / Tne*day< niul Fri.fiySj.
CAUFOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
T_iH!SSEE3S :*:•'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGING
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
¦ €an Fransisco to San Rafaal. v ¦ . -
"WEEK DATS— T:3O 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.'
8:30. 6:10 6:30 p. m. Tburaday» — Kxtra
trip at 11 :3O p. m. Saturday* — Extra trip* at
1:00 and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDATS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a, ra.: I'.W. 3;3«.
i:00. 8:20 p. m.
5>a.i Uatael to San Francisco. .
WEEK DAIS— «:10. T:«O. ,8:20. 11:10 a. m. 4
12:43, 3:40, B:15 p. m, Saturdays— Katr*
trips at l:iS and 6:35 p. m. »Wjjiibw»jBM
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 8:40, U:lu a. m.; 1:40. 3:W.
0:05. 6:23 p. m. ¦ - ¦
* Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive - • .
San Francljco. [Apr. 28. 1801) San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I I Saa- I WeeU
Daya. j daya. ) Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40aia
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, * :05pm 10^flast -
6:10pm ft :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm ff:20pta
Fulton. r '
1 :30am Windsor. 19:23as»
B :00pm Healdsburs, 10:40am j v;
Lytton.
Geyservills, "
8:30pm 8:00am Clorerdale, 7:38pm 6:20pra
T :30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:23am
8:30pm 8:00am and TJklah. 7:38pm <t:20pn»
~iT:30am - • ¦ 10:40am 10: «an»
8:00am Gaernevllle. TMSpm ¦ '
¦ > :30pm 6:00pm • < :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
; and • - 1 -
g :10pm C :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm C:20pb»
7:30am 8:00am| {10 :40am|10 :25am
3:30pm 6:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7 :33pm | C :20pm
Stages connect at Banta Rosa for Marie West
Springs and Whlta Sulphur Springs ; at Fultoa
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs-, at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at ClovordaU
for tha Geysers; at Hopland tor Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carts-
bad Hprings, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at TJklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. . Blue- Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. < Potter Valley,
John Day's. ¦ Riverside. - Liertey's, - Bueknell'a.
Eanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe. Orr's -Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.- West-
port,' Usal, Willtts, . Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. ¦ Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia '
and " Eureka. • ¦ . . ¦ • ' ' • -
¦ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re.
•need rates, --yinw 1 1 m ¦ »a ""¦^"w^fr'Msf^yisusaaBm
- Oa Sundays « round- trip - tickets to all points ;
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ ¦¦--.;
¦ Ticket office. 630 Market street. Coronlel*
sYsUldlnaT.%*)*ssMMs«S«ipMMaBMMMMsiHMSSiMkBJB
H. C. WHTTINO. R. X MAN.
.. Qen. Manager. Gen. Fasa. Agt^' ¦¦ .
aDr.Giblbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABSY ST. Established
in 1S54 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. - Debility or
dNeas? wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures T.Mien
others . fail. Try him. Charges low. >
Cure* a-uaran teed. Cal I or n rlt* '
l>r. JT. *'. WBBOJf, Saa frandsco. Cat > - - -< /'
. OCEAN TKAVEL.
. AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORE, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS,'
at Cherbourg, westbound.
From. New York Wedresdays at- 10 a.m. •
St. Loul? Jan. IE St. " Louis. Feb. r>
Philadelphia . . .Jan. 22 Philadelphia . .Feb. 12
St. Paul .... .V. .Jan. 29 St. Paul Feb. 19.
RED STAR LINE.
New. York and Antwerp.
From New Tork "Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland .. .4 ...Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. 5
Southwark Jan. 22 Zeeland ...... .Feb. 12
Vaderland ..... Jan. 29 Haverf ord . . : . . Feb. 19
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. '
' .CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. ; 30 Montgomery st
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Soil Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Hcw-
trd 3. pier X>, 12 ro. .'- •
SANTIAGO..... Jan. SiGUATEMALA.Feb. 15
TUCAPEL Jan. 23 IPALENA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral, and .South -American • passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BAUFOTTK, GTJTHR1E & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R, £ S ?
TO HEW -YORK VIA PANAMA BIBEGF,
Cabin. {lOS; Steerage. $«: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll fails Tuesday, dan. 21
S. S. Leelariaw calls Monday.- Feb. 3
4>. K.Argyll. ¦ rail. 1 * Monday, .Map. 3
From Howard -street wharf at 3 p.'m.'
Freight and Passenger ¦ Office, 330 Market st.
F. P. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
Occaiiics.s.co.EhSig
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. . ...........
- '...... Saturday, Jan. 4, '02, 2 . p. m
SS. ; AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
'-. . -... '. About Jan.' 10, *02
SS. VEKTURA..for Honolulu, . Samoa. -Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., Jan. 16 10 a. m.
J, D. SPStCXELS & gRCS. CO., Bsnera, Agents, 327 tfarfei SI
fian'l Passenger Gift*, 643 Market St., Pier Mo. 1. PaciSc St
C0MPAGNI3 GENEE AL2 I EAN3ATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^j, "
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot ufffiTTrfe
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. l'Wnft fflt
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. -32 Broadway (Hudson bulldins). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI.& CO.. Pacific Coast
Afrents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
-BAY AND BiyEB '
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND VALLEJ3
Steamsrs GEN. FRISKS or. MONTICELL j
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and '3:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p.m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:8U noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents: Telephone Main 1308. . Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦¦¦¦¦¦; . . •
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trai ns -Daily. #
- -Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '•
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10: IS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
'• Merced... 12:25 p -1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p.
'¦ Fresno... 2:05p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•' Hanford. ":12 p 3:27 p 8:05a I
'.• Visalia.. 3:39 p ....... 5:00*
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 N a.
" Kan.Clty ....... 2:40a 7:30a ........
".*•... Chicago... 2:15p 9:00 p .......
¦ ¦ a for morninB. p f cr afternoon.
9:00 a ' m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
looal first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:03 a. m.
4-20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. ••
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers " and
Free Reclining- Chair -Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
: corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
*7 :20 a.' m. J« Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In .San Joaquln -Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
- Of flees— ©41 Mark«t street and In Ferry
Perot. San . Francisco; 1113 Broadway,
Oakland. •''.;¦ .'L ,;_'-^_l_! „...__: . •
ttQRTH PACIFIG COAST RAILROAH
: '-/ Via Sau««ttt« F«rry.
' Commencing beptember rj, 1001. ' .:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6;65. 8:»0. •» :80. 11 :00 *. m.
•1-45 3:1S. 4:15. 6:15. »«:15,B:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. »10: 00, '11:30 «. m.. «i:U
o-lS »4:45, 6:30. »:30 p. m. . , .
'Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. *?S8sBS
FROM SAN RAFAEL .TO SAN FRANCISCO." .
WEEK DATS-»5:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35,,lo:V9
a.m_ '12:25. 2:15. 1:&>. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,:
and Saturdays at 6s45 and 0:55 p. m.
6:15,^:00. 10:00. •llrifl a. m. •
•1:40 *3:15. 4:45. '6:30 p. rn. . ,-. .
1 Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
EXTRA TRIPS on " Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
:, SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. . m.. 12:05. , zax
8-30 "6:00, 6:45 p. -hi: - • ¦• " - • -.' *
"' THROUGH TRAINS. .
6 :63 a. m. week - days — Cazadero < and . way -
stations. ' ¦ , - •
J:45 p. v .m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and Way
Stations. ' - -^i? l 'tiV'^CBMqptQft^BBflA&t |^MlAJNSflBSBIBS
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan: Mills .'and -way
stations. •-".¦
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran oo
Sunday, time. ,-.-. . =, >... .. ¦ ' -- •¦--. - ¦ •
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦Leave , -.Via Sausalita Ferry -Arrive- .."•
'- San Fran. . . Foot of Market St.. - San Fran.
ini^f^^^z. Sun- Week
9-30 a. 8:00a. p^.- ntanic Imtm m vm 1-00 p. !r.45 a. •
™> "• }?=0«a: S."SiSiw-^iHHi 3^0 P. 3:40 ,. -
4:15 p. X1:S0a. -_|, w Jtn.«mi. >" ~ 4."25*. 5:55 T.
Fire, Sao Frmad«ro to Summit »nd Return. JIM. .
Holit Offleo, O 3LLOL£I gUUSI ui B&U6AUI0 ISBSX.
* - ¦ -^
ROOMS TO LET— Pirrm. «nd Unfarn.
EUTTER 320% (The Stanf ord)— Suites from $3
to $7; clnglea. $2 to $5 per week: transient.
TENTH. 153 — Good-sized single room; large
closet; $5.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
¦ — In the "Warm. Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny cults; first class. ¦
THE Irvingdale. €26 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA, C15 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable. •
HOTEL Repelrer. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN- NESS. 619— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; cony.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS WASTED.
BEDROOM and sitting-room ; sunny, unfur-
nished preferred, with care of rooms; west of
Mason, north of Post sts., by a single man.
Addrtss box 3200, Call office.
FOR light housekeeping, 2 furnished rooms for
2 months: no children; would take care of a
home in the absence of family; best of refer-
-ences. Address box 3182, Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AKD SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbaRGAINS IN
jsell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the c:ty; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 268.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
* niVIDEXD NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
en deposits In the savings department of .this
compinjr as follows: On term deooslts at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
«n ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
i bear tie came rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1, 1902. J.
DAI^ZELL. BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY. 101 Mont-
gomery St.. corner of Sutter — The board of
directors declared a dividend for the term
ending December 31. 1901. at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3>£) per cent per an-
num on all deposits. Tree of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2, 1902. Dividends
cot called for are added to and bear th«
same rate of dividend as the principal from
, and after January 1, 1902.
CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts., San Francisco. Dec. 30,. 1901. — At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day. a dividend has
be«n declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth <3%) per cent per annum, on all de-
posits for the six months ending December
31. 1901. , Free from all taxes and payable
on and arter January 2. 1902. ROBERT J.
TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 Montgomery St.. Mills building — For the
half-year ending December 31, 1901, dividends
on term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 <J-10) per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be payable
on and after January 2. 1902. S. L. ABBOT
JR.. Secretary. ' _^
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder -Com-
pany Con. — A dividend. No. 37, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal «tock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 435
California Et.. San Francisco, on January
lOth. 1902. - Transfer books close January
3d. 1802. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Sec.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 222 Sansome St., has declared for the
eix months ending December 31. 1901. a divi-
dend of 8 per cent. per annum on Classes"A"
and "F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits
and 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxee. WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
MUTUAL. SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO — For the half year ending December
' SI. 1901. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday. January 2, 1902. GEORGE A.
ETORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 13
Geary Bt. — The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1902. .
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
. LEGAL ADVKRTISEMiiiVTJi.
••BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau,", consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
MABBIAGE LICENSED ~
The following marriage licenses were issued
Terterday:
Joseph O. H. Emmel. 22, city, and Mamie E.
Shea, 22, city.
Cnarles Yarneberg, 21. Manila. P. I., and
Anna L. Enpen. 21, Chicago, 111.
Frank J. Dickmeyer. 25, Oxnard, and Emma
C. Narr. 23, 1143 Florida street.
Harry W. Groth, 32. 1S04 Devisadero street,
and Mamie A. JDaJy, 22, 450 Bryant street.
Francesco Garratti, 22, Pleasantdn, and Ida
Raboli, 17. Pleasanton.
Edward Estrada, 27. 1116 Leavenworth
street, and Julia A. Manning, 25. 500 Railroad
avenue.
Frank Papa. 20. 413 Union street, and Maria
Pasrano, 15, 2 Varennes Etreet.
John A. Mortran, 31, 408 Ellis street, and
Helen A. Connolly, 18, 50y Hermann street
Joseph Kraeen. 25, 1510 Dolores street, and
Ernestine Cassel, 24, 1497 Geary street.
Giovanni Bellante. 27. 1336 Dupont street,
and Tomznasina Gracchi, £3. 3338 DuDont St.
Harold H. McCallum, 25. 1003 Buchanan
street, and Eva S. McPhcn, -22. 112>4 Lily ave
Sherman C. Harshbarsrer, 36, 2323% Bush
street, and Ella A. Fitzpatrlck, 27. 3027
Twenty- second street.
Frederick W. Bartels, 25, S25 Ellis street,
and Esther Waters. 22, Oakland.
Vincenzo Anseli, 33. city, and Giuseppina
Jory. 24, city. ¦. . - # • -
Arthur Sharman, 25, city, and Dorothy A.
D. O'Brien, 23, Spokane, Wash.
John Allard, 30. Presidio, and Alblna E
Xelson, -22. 2514 Green street*
Carl Czerny. 54, city, and Anna M. Klein,
37. city.
Edward Gray. 38, Richmond, and Margaret'
Spencer. 39. Los Angeles.
John Vjdmar. S3.- 702 Vermont street and
Marija Mlhalich. 27. 2009 Sixteenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and ceath "notices sent bv
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at. cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBX.
BRUCKNER— In this city. December 30, 1901
to the wife of Ph. Bruckner, a daughter.
EVANS— In this city. December 31, 1901. to
the wife of George S. Evans, a son.
PASQUXNUCCI — In this city. January 2. ''1902,
to the wife of R. V. Pasqulnuccl. a son.
" mabbied] — —™
COULTER— DUNWOODY— In this city, Janu-
ary L l»02, by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, Rob-
ert A. Coulter and Mildred G. Dunwoody,
both of San Francisco. ¦
MILLER — HENNEY — In this city, December
31, litOl. by the Rev. Arthur H. Brings, pas-
tor of Central M. E. Church, Elmer Douglas
Miller and Nellie E. Henney, both of San
Francisco.
PARMALEE: — QU1NTON — In this city. Janu-
ary 1. 1902. ¦ by the Rev. William C. Pond.
James Edward Parmalee and Lucy Margaret
Quintcn. both of San Francisco.
PHILLIPS— McRAE— In this city, December
21. 1901, by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, David
W. Phillips and Lizzie J. McRae. both of
San Francisco. -. . .. ¦ -
DIED.
Ahern. Patrick ' Neddersen. Marie
Barry. Patrick Norton, . Kate
Beatty. Mary O'Brien. Thomas J.
Brokaw Abraham O'Connell. D. J. A.
Clasby. Margaret O'Neill; Patrick
Cogan. Margaret Parsons. Charles J.
Coggtas. Charles S. Paulson. Chris T.
Daniel, Daisy M. Petersen. Cristlne S.
£f- lu ,O> George Perini, Abondia
Drinkhahn. John Petersen. Anne C. ' * ¦!
Gilfillan Archibald Pfarrer. Benedict---
Gould, Major Wra. Poling, Mary
Granlees. Mrs. C. P<*vere, Mrs. Mary
Haggerty, Mary Rainford. Mamie J.
Hoots. Raymond H. Randolph. Georee F.
Hurhes. Dilya Roberts, Georee D.
L«wus Mary * Schaffrey, Chas. J.
Lindrob. Lorenj L Schweer. Angeline B.
« y ?£ U1 ',J E1I ,£ abetil Bheakley, Anderson
McDonald. Dora Slater. Marjorie A.
McGlinn. Catharine Sorensen.. Elnar
McKeown. Richard Sullivan, Eugene
Mahoney John T. Swanton. William '
Martin. Mary Turner. Herbert J.
Martin. William White. Mrs. Jane
Mineur.. Charles v- Zobel H andel H.
Morrison. Thomas H. • . .
AHERN — In this city. January 2. 1902 Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Eliza Ahern Vm.
tlv f,°L Mltchellstown - Cork. Ireland,
SEtaSa^Ai^"*" of *•-*«-«* °*
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday).; at 8 :30 o'clock, from his , StS
residence. 310 Gousrh - street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street where a rel
quiem hleh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
private in Holy. Cross Cemetery. .
BARRY— In this city, • January 1, 1902 at hlo
residence. 32e Utah street, Patrick. . beloved
-. eon of Patrick and Hanorah Barry, a native
of ¦ Massachusetts.- .•-...
: CTThe services will take place to-day
» iFriday), at 9 : JO o'clock.* at St Charles Bor- i
_^^_^0CEAlf TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Cb;^
j^ . ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
|»W^ "Wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports — tl a.
«3!iPSSWw rn - > Jan - l ' 6 - n - 16 > 21 - 26 -
¦ MiXI KSJVSSk ¦ 31. Feb. 5. Change to com-
i eJES^mS 'SiVa pany's steamers at Seattle.
I KiJyjKrlQuBSla ' For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
r^Q&mMSjX C-). Port Townsend, Seattle.
' Tacoma, Everett * and • New
-;-."•• T^ft "WhatcomCWash.)— 11 a.m.,
Jan. 1;.6, 11, '16. 21, 26., 31, Feb. 5. Change
at Seattle to this ¦¦¦ companyTs Kteamera for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ;at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. : at "Vancouver to C. P.' Ry. .
For (Humboldt Bay) — 1 :30 " p. m.',
Jan: 2, 7, "12, 17. 22, 27. Feb. I. .
For San Diego,' stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Refiondo (Lo^ An-
poles)— Stoamer Santa Rosa, Sundays,- 9 a.m.
Steamer State'of Cal., "Wednesdays 9 a. m.
.For LoaAngreles, calling at Santa- Cruz.
-¦Monterey.' San Simeon - Cayucos, - Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo),' (Gaviota, Bonita only),
Panta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, East San
¦Pedro, Sah Pedro (Newport,' Bonita only).
I For Er.senada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo,' Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and;Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.- -'• Ji , '- .-
For further information obtain the com-
pany's folders.. ,'¦' -. ,' -
The company: reserves the right ; to chanjre
pteamers,' .ealllnc days -and hours of sailing
vithout* previous notice.' -;-..•. .
.TICKET OFFICE— 4 New ,- Montgomery
'otreet (Palace Hotel). :'..-, -.
GOODALL, PERKINS «: CO., Gen. Apents,
' ¦ , • ¦' 10 Market st., San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
A '-delightful Winter Trip.' Only $60. lnclud-
'ing" Meals and Berth, for. the Round Trip. Pa-
cific. Coast -Steamship, Company's. Steamer Cu-
racao, sailing : from San Tuesday,
January \ 7th. ; due back January 27th, will call
at- the following Mexican ports : V; Ensanada,
Makdalena ' Bay, < San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan,
Altata, L.a Paz, Santa Rosalia -and Guaymas.
Jfor < further . particulars ;-'. Inquire at ; . Ticket
Office, No. :¦ 4 '• New ; Montgomery St.,' or No.'; 10
Market ; St., Sah ' Francisco. . '.
\ ' Only SJ*«»«.»eiL»l»ii> Tilne -to
¦PORTLAND; Op.,
And Shor* Rail l.»ne frpim Portland toall
joints t East. Throufeh Tickets to all
¦". po'ntw. n\ ra'l o~ -steam « hip end rail; at
IiOWEST 3?ljfV'I 1^IS.
STEAMER Tf C KETS NtLDDE BSRTu and MEALS.
SS.'; COLUMBIA Sails. :V;> . . . .' . .Jan. ' 3," 13, • 23
/SS.-.- GEO. ,-W. ELDER Sails .V. . : '. Jan.> 8, 13, ' 28
Steamer sails from foot -of ; Spear St., 11 -a. m.
X>. 'W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y, SF.
liiiiiifflii
STEAMERS Tv1LL i; . LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets,atl p. ni T .
for YOKOHAMA *nd. HONGKONG, calling at"
Kobe : (Hiogo), . Nagasaki • and Shanghai , and
connecting at ' Honskonx H with ~ steamers 'lot'
India, etc. - 'No - cargo , received on board on
flay of satllnc '• ; - - . , " : ' . ¦
£S. AMERICA • MARTJ. V.'.i ."» .' ' ' •¦ •
1^
r ... ...... . . . . .Toesday, February 25th. 1902
=•¦ Round-trip tickets ;¦ at > reduced ¦; rates. - For
freight and passage apply : at company's office,'
421 Market street, -. corner ; First. ;¦¦- . , . . -
1 . 57. H. AVERT. General , Agent. . •
Peter's. Church, where a." requiem -High masra ;
. will be ' celebrated for the Tepoee of her «oul;
commencing at : 10, o'clocki ¦; Interment Holy
•Croe« Cemetery. '-¦ :., :••¦".' : =
O'BRIEN— In this -'city, • January. 1. -1902,
• Thomas J.,: beloved' son of TEllen and the late
Patrick O'Brien, »brother of James, May, Nel-
lie- and:. George. O'Brien -and Mrs. . Thomas
Sheehan '. and ¦ Mrs. 'Hermann . Brockman and
- - the late - John O'Brien,-- a" native • of County
-> Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 26 years. A mem-'
' ber of Blazing ' Arrow : Tribe ¦ No.- 107, • I.' :
o.R.M. •. >•-¦•-'.. . ".—¦,¦¦,„;¦--¦¦¦ ¦,
' . [CTTrlends and acquaintances are 'respect- ¦
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day '
(Friday),. at 8:30 o'clock, from the residency
of hts mother, 20% Rlngold street; thence to
St. Joseph' s 1 Church, Where a' . requiem high ;
mass will be celebrated for the repose. of his
soul at; 9 o'clock.. ..Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. < .... ...
O'CONNELL— In this city, January' 2,'. 1902,
at- -the parents 1 residence, 820 •-• Harrison
street,' D. - J. Aloystua, belovea : «on'0f John
and Agnes O'Connell,' a -native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 3 months and 3 days. ¦: .
O' NEILLr-In this . city, December 26, 1901, ,
Patrick O'Neill, beloved brother of Mrs. T.
Kilkenny, ana; cousin, of Mm. Dennis Me-;
Glnty,..a native 1 of dpunty. MonaKhan.' Ire-
land, aged 44 years.* ' -A member of Loyola
1 Assembly No. 1, Y. M. C. tl. . . v :•-. V - -• ! •
' , (ESTrienfls end I acquaintances are respect- ¦
-fully Invited to attend -th« funeral to-Say!
- (Friday),' at 9:30 'o'clock, from the iparlors I
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn:
requiem mass will be celebrated for .the ;re- '
pose -of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
1 ' Interment Holy, Cross Cemetery.. 1 .-,. ; . :
PARSONS— hi this city. ¦ January 2, 1902,
Charles J., husband of ¦ Josephine M. Par-
sons, a native -of England, aged .70 years an 3
' 7 months. - '¦ ¦ •• • ¦ '> "'.. - ¦• '•> ¦ - -¦
¦ icy The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), atl o'clock, from-hls late resi-.
dence, 75 Zpe -.-"street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. : - " .
PAULSON-r-In this .' city, January ,1, 1902,
Chris T., youngest and beloved son. of Chris
T. and -Harriet Paulson, and brother of
Harry, -Lillian -and Ethel .Paulson, .a native
of \ Washington, aged 6 years 10 months and
18 days. ' . .
; PERINI— In this city, January 1, 1902. Abort-
dla, dearly beloved wife of -F." A.- Perini, and
loving "mother ¦ Of Marto, Angelina, 'Felix,
1 Peter and Eugene Perini, a native ol Switz-
erland, aged 29 years.;-. ... . \
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, January 4, -at -2 o'clock, at' her
late residence, 500 Berlin street, near :San
Biuno road. . Interment. New . Italian Ceme-,
tery. ¦ ,, : ' ¦ ; ' .¦"-¦. " : . '. .
PETERSEN — In this > city, ¦ January 2,". 1902,
Anne C. Petersen. beloved imother. of Chris
P., Lydlk -and- Antone .Petersen and Mrs. J.
¦ Andersen and-.Mrs. F.* Miller,^a'. nattve J Df
Denmark, . aged -76: years .1^ month and S> days.
' : IE?" Friends -and acquaintances are respeet-
fully Invited -to attend • the funeral cervices
to-morrow. (Saturday), afl 'O'clock, at the
residence of her granddaughter, Mrs. C.
¦ • Sklllen, '221- ChattanooKi Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery: , -
PETERSEN— In ' this city,- January 1, 1902,
Crist! re ' S.. -beloved -wife'- of TJels Petersen,
. and sister of Mra." Salma Johnson," . a -native
of Sweden, aged 39 years 2 niortths and IS
days. ' ',.-."- -..•.-', ),-¦' • .'-¦¦• '• -. " r
(CTFriands and acquaintances -are respect-
fully ¦ invited to -attend the- funeral to-day.
. .. (Friday), from the : mortuary chapel of -the.
Golden Gate TJndertskinE Company, 2475 ;
Mission street, at . 1:30 o'clock. Interment :
Mount Olivet, Cemetery, ny electric -funeral
car, from corner ' of . Twentieth and Guerrero
•, streets at 2 o'clock.' .' *¦ . ¦• .- < •¦ ¦* • •
PFARRER— In this city, December 30, 1901,
Benedict, beloved husband of Anna Mary:
Pfarrer,- -and father -of :A. 31.' and C. T. ¦
Pfarrer, a ¦ native of Switzerland, acred <55
years and 9 days. - : • , ¦ . , . .. ;
C^Remains at the: funeraf Darlors^'of
Charles H. J. Truman &"Co., 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary.. Fu-
neral and Interment private. ... ¦. • ,.
POLING — In this city, January 2, 1002. Mary
- PoJing, :beloved mother 'Of Mrs. . Virgin, Mra.
Cottrell and "William Houston, and eister of
Blrs.- Alex Robertson,-, a native >of Scotland,
aged CO years 5 months. and 7 days. • '- : ...T .
POWERS — In Alameda, January 1, 1902, Mra. •
.Mary Powers, beloved wife of the late John
; Powers, mother of 'W. • J.; vR. T., ~E. F.
G. M. Power* and ' the -* late Mrs. :E. E.
Cramp and Sister Cecelia of the Sisters of
the Holy Family, and • aunt of ¦ James » P.
/ Britt, a native of Ireland, . aged , 72 years.
' cyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), from St. . Mary's Cathedral. Van
Ness avenue, -where a. rmpilem: hkh maW
will be celebrated' for "the repose of her soul/
commencing at 10:30 o'clock/ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .. ¦
RAINFORD— In this '.city. January . .1, 1902,
Mamie 'J., beloved wife of "Samuel "CJ Rain-
ford, dauehter of the ' late John ana" Alary
Foley, and sister of Daniel, Patrick, . Mich-
ael and Jeremiah Foley, a native of San,
Francisco, aged .22 years 7 months and 12
days. r : ->.. . ¦-¦" '¦'*-- -"¦¦'.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the. United Undertakers, Z~ and ,29 Fifth
street, tbence to -St. -Rose's Church for ser-
vices- at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . . . '¦ \ ', ' •- , ' -.
RANDOLPH-^-In this "city. January l; ' 1902,
George P., beloved "husband "of Georgie 'A.
' Randolph. . and beloved father of. Ruth and
Georgie Randolph, and son-in-law of Thomas
Joice, a . native of Michigan, > aged 40 years
5 months and 14 days. «
ICTRemalns at the parlors of Porter "&
White,' 122 Eddy street. Notice "of funeral
hereafter. , ¦ •
ROBERTS — In "New "York, December 24, 1901.
Georsre ' D. Roberts, father of THra. . J. •!«.
Picard of Hope, Idaho, and brother of Mrs.'
V. - R. Raymond, and. Mrs. E. . N. .Bones of
Oakland. ¦ .. . lit •. ; • . •
¦ (C7Friends and acquaintances are- respict-.
' fully invited- to attend the funeral to-Oay
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the restOence of
his -slater, - Mrs.-, V. • R. Raymond. 967 .Alice-
street, 'Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. . : . - : . ¦ -.. ... .• :
SCHAFFREY— In Pre'scott.' Arizona, >. Decem-
ber 27. 1901, Charles Joseph, dearly beloved
and only ¦ son • of Mrs. Frederika Scha.IT rey,
and brother of Pauline Schaftrey, ¦ a . native
cf San Francisco, aged 26 years 6 months
and- 7 days. A. member of the Brotherhood
• of Teamsters. ¦.-.--- -
C7 Friends and acquaintances and men>
bers of Seven- Pines Circle. ¦ Ladles of the
G. -A. R., are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Friday), at 10 o'clock.
- from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 11:57
Mission street." between Seventh and. Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by. elec-
tric funeral car from Eighth and Harrison
streets. ' . '¦.:.''' ¦< it ¦¦¦-'"-.¦ » / ;
SCHWEER— January 1, 1902, Angrellne Bernal.
beloved wife .of : Antone .F. Schweer.- and
mother of Irene ' Schweer, aged 29 years 8
months and 3 days. - - : ¦¦
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral January'
4. -at 11 o'clock, from St. Augustine's
Church, Pleasanton, Cal., where a requierii
high' mass will be celebrated for the repose
\ of her soul. Interment St. Augustine's
Cemetery. '. .. " - .
SHEAKLEY — In ' Oakland." January 2.- 1002.
Anderson, beloved husband of Ella M. Sheak-
ley, 'and brother of W. W. Sheakley of Oak-
land, Cal., and Joseph Sheakley 'and •; Mrs.
Mary J. Jackson of Hadley, Mercer I County,
Pa., a native of Pennsylvania, aged 47 years
3 months and 3 days. '¦ ¦ : •; •. :¦• • ,.-.-
SLATER— In Oakland; at 1 1758 Ninth avenue.
January 1," 1902," Marjorie. Abble, daughter
of Mrs. Ella M. "Slater, and sister of Miss
May K, Mls» E. Rita and-Warton Slater.
a native of .Illinois, aged .10 years 1. month
•:and 11 days. -. - ¦ .' ¦ ¦ . - .:
SORENSEN — In the ""City and County Hospital,
January 1, ¦ 1902, ' Einsr I Sorensen. j a native
of Norway, aged 27- years. • • .- - ¦
SULLIVAN— In Phoenix, .Ariz., December 31,
1901, Eugene Sullivan, a native of the parish
¦ of Eveeleary, Ireland. ¦ •-•
SWANTON— In this city, January . 1, 1902,.
"William ¦ Swanton. a native of Queenstown,
Ireland,'. aged 44 years. .. . - , •
ICyRemains at the parlors of J. C. .O'Con-
nor & Co.. :7C7 Mission street. , Notice o:
funeral hereafter. *
TURNER— Jn this city, January 2, 1902. Her-
:bert James/dearly- beloved son of Thomas
R. "." and Annie L. Turner. . and ' < brother of
Thomas, Grace and -Harold Turner, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 years 10 months
-and 23 days. : j .-..•.,•• •" • -,. : ..
C7Friends and -acquaintances are.respect-
fully'invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock. , from the residence
of his parents, 2300 ."Vallejo street, thence to
St. Brlgid's Churchrwhere a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose* of his soul, com-
mencing at , 9:15 .o'clock, thence by 10:40
o'clock train from Valencia and .Twenty-
fifth streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. •< Please omit flowers. . . • ¦ .- -. . -
"W t HITE: — In this city, Jauuary 1, 1902, at her
residence,': 1512 Folsom street. > Mrs.- Jane
White, aged 63 years. . . -, .-
C7"Notlce' of funeral hereafter.' '
Z0BF.I/-^-In this city, "January 2, v 1902, Handel
Hart Zobel, beloved - son -of Jacob and Rose
,Zob«l, aged. 26 years and 1 month.. . : . ., -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C6.
v (Successor toFlannagan &' Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M«rr. -¦-¦:«'"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. . '
- -:Telephone South; 80. ..-. -•'"¦¦!':'.
Mt Olivet Cemetery^
SAN BRUNO. HILL8.' '
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREETr
.'-'•¦''¦"' J. HENDERSON. Manager. .-
'¦::::: JAMBS McGINN, : I
Formerly :wlth McGinn • Bros., has opened I
. new -Funeral Parlors -at '214 Edfly st.. bet'J
Taylor : and Jones. ¦ . Telephone,- South 676. ; '** j|
(Iw'il^uraERTAKElirsS
-." *7 and *D Fi f t h St. uTlBl. Soxit h in .-1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ANB EMBALMERS-f
rin»«t Equlpmtit at* M»dern«e^Ra.te%rl
' ' , ,,.. ;T .-. . Ja \ , , . f>i * T ,7 '
NEW FIRM'OF,lJNDBi«TAKERS.H.-
Samuel McFadflen^. 18 : years manager for
the United 'Undertakers'. Association; M. J. .
McBrearty,' -with I the same company- for 1 18
year*; P. -F." Green,- late .-with J."C.;.O"Con-
nor : & -, Co. , have 1 opened - new . Funeral • Par-
ilors at 1171' Mission street, between Seventh
•and Eighth.' a Telephone 'Boutb-44."i-' ¦;;":»¦ .-' j
PATEBTTfl AJTD PENSIONS.
PENSION advlc* free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg-.
PHVSICIAKS AAD SURGEONS, j
DrTcV C CTDONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM., herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: ses
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-7C.6 Clay ct.: nee testimonials at office.
J>LAMX<i AKD TURXISG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, flaning. ' Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS; 95 Fremont.
REAL ESTAT13 CITV VOH S\L«5. \
$5000 — BARGAIN: handsome fiate; choice loca-
tion; Mission warm belt. Owner, box 2995,
Call office.
KUAL ESTATE COU.VTKV For Sale
—FOE SALE NEAR SAn'fEAKCISCO—
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancbo
Cotatl, Sonoma, Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best tor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and information.
A — TO rent: the best 120-acre ranch in Napa
Valley; good bunaing^ and fully equipped-
S1000 or on shares; call to-day.
N. P. SICKLES, the LAND AGEXT.6 Geary.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; rigfet locality; bis- money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson.. 6 Eddy et.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cat
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
' ¦ 1 ¦ 1 1 . ¦ , , . 1 _ . .— ¦ J
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. I
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property {
acquired toy foreclosure : Vi cash. Bank of Ala. '
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT — Complete and nicely furnished
bouse of 7 rooms, -with hot air furnace; all
modern improvements: on Clinton ave.; lor
term of one year. E. D. JUDD CO.. • 1124
Park st.. Alameda. .'•.-¦*
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
(.1400 — HOUSE of 6 rooms; lot 00x120; only 1
block from station; a. snap. }
JOS. k. MASON.
- Berkeley Station.
flSOO— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; 2 blocks
ircra station; on the sunny Eide of street.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
f 5.V.1O — HOUSE of 9 rooms, thoroughly modern;
one block from C C. grounds and east of
Telegraph ave. JCS. J.* MASON,
Berkeley Station.
FRDITTALE ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ . 1
FROTYALE FlR.MSHEn HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
¦Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot- j
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pl(r-
eoa cote, etc.: ornamental grounds: fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F. : rent S.">5 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R. FREtTD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITXKR. Fniitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$1000 — BIG bargain; cory 6-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot water boiler;
eunny eide. close to San Pablo ave.: Etrect
work all done. Including: stone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for Quick
gale to ber 2378. Call office, Oakland.
HOUSES cf every description and price for sale
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 111S
Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAXD COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNJCT lower Cat, 8 large rooms; electric eer-
vica throughout ; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; iBigt
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; Jot elevated; choice locality; will rert
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth ets.. come within 1 block. Call 'or
address 1C59 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAM) HOUSES TO LET.
EIGHTH. 89. Oakland — 8-room house, fur*'
nished or unfurnished ; all modern.
OAKLAXD FUHXITURC FOtt SALE.
An introduction to you from H. Scheilhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
RUPTURE S i AXITARICM. ~
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER" S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st. ; treatment free; only
invention in the world that trill not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery £t.,rocms D-10;tel.535d.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pa^es, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
*- ZLXVUiG _ MACHINES AKD SUPPLIICS.
Al^L kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged; re-
tiring; lowest ratea. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4tn.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- I
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th. j
STORAGE AKD WAREHOUSES.
P1ERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co-
office Pott^and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
COLTJEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHJTUSS.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Movine Com-
pany, 2-^20 Fillmore bU ; phone Jackson 281,
iiiZKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40: chipping at cut rates. .
£3 ROO3IS FOtt HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL. The, 1773 Market— Two or three sunny
houseket-picg suites; gaa range; |I5 and $2u.
FIFTH. C53— 3 furnished housekeeping, $12; S j
connecting. 2 beds. $15; also single. $5 to 37.
HOWARD, 1063—2 completely furnished sunny
connecting- housekeeping rooms; range, run-
ning- water, etc.; others, $10.
MINNA, 2S1, cor. Fourth — Furnished sunny
front rooms cheac; also housekeeping, com-
plete; reasonable.
OAK. 110—2 6unny rooms, range, yard. Ill*
large single room, $&; furnished housekeeping!
OCTAVIA. 1211 — Nicely furnished double and
tingle rooms; us« of kitchen If desired.
POST, 9C2 — Suite of 3 rooms. $25; single rooms
from ?7 to f 15.
SECOND. 212— Furn. rms.. housekpg.; others;
clean, respectable; reasonable; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROO31S TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
'Sir to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and :
light housekeeping rooms: open all r.ight.
AT 418 OTarrell st. — Neatly furnished eunny
front rooms, en culte or single. ¦
BURNETT. 1<26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- -
rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1C2S— A large eunny room to let. j
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished -sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Elegant «unny suite; single and
double rooms; travelers solicited; quiet house.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
$1 50 night; $1 60. $C wk.; open all night.
FCLSOM. S20 near Fourth — Furnished rooms
tj let.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 fThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and tingle; travelers accommodated.
CEARY. 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, gas, bath, .phone; references.
KEARNY, 34. and 47 Post — Office or* eunny
furnished rooms, en eulte or single.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.., '
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day. -week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 279 — Airy rooms. |1 50. $2, $5
week, running water; transient. 50c, $1 day,
SEVENTEENTH. 3785— *15; modern bay-
window flat.- 4 rooms, bath; water free..
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt..
near Market— Furnished or unf umiEhed. ¦.'¦•>-.
romeo's Church.. Interment private) Holy ]
Cross Cemetery. '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .' ¦•' •;
BEATTY— In this citj'. January 2. 1902, Mary,
• beloved mother -of -Mary E. Beatty, a native
of County Louth. - Ireland. • ' .
JC7"The funeral -will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 12£3 CFarrell ttreet. thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn', requiem
mass wfll be celebrated for tha reDOse or
her. soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
¦ ' terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via
the 11 o'clock creek route boat.' .
BROKAW— In . this city, December 31, 1901.
Abraham Brokaw, father of \Mrs. J. B.
Crews, William H. Brokaw of - Trenton. N;
J.. Edwin A. Brokaw, Mrs. I. McClure, Mrs.
W. C. Cornell and Mrs. A.' C. Brown, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 84 years and 2
months. ' .
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral - to-day
" (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from. the residence
of his dauehter, Mrs. A. C. Brown, 555 Jer-
Bey street, corner Douglas. Interment Laurel
Mill Cemetery.
CLASBY— In this city, January 1. 1902, Mar-
caret Clasby, beloved . Bister of Miss Annie
Flaherty, and Bister of the late Delia Dolan.
aunt of Peter Dolan, Delia ; Burke,' j Kate
Cooney and the late Mrs. Annie Tobln, a na-
• tlve of Arran Island, • County I Gal way, ' Ire-
land.- ¦ . -v
' CTFriends and acquaintances are reapect-
: fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, .fromVher late -resi-
dence, 415 Baker street, thence to St. Asrnes
Church, where a solemn -requiem M«rh maps
: will be celebrated for ¦ the repoBe of her soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. S '•>.Kv':>'^
COGAN— In this city, January 1, 1902, .Mar-
garet, beloved wife ¦ of the late Maurice
Cog-an, and mother of John, Andrew, James
and tbe late Edward Cojran, ¦ a : native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged til years and 6
months. . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 813 Bryant street; thence to • Bt.
Rose's Church for eervlees at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross .Cemetery. • . : ; .
COGGINS— In this city, January 2, 1902,
Charles Sanford Coggins, beloved husband ol
Mary E.. and father cf . Charles W.; Leslie
I., Frederick J., Leon S. and Lelia A. Cog-
gins, and brother of George H., Clifford and
L. Y. Cogglns, a native of Lemolne, Me.,
agrfrl C3 years 2 months and 22 days. A
nrunber of Chico Lodse, A. O. U. W., of
Chico, Cal.
' O* Friends are resDectf ully ¦ invited , to
attend < Ihe funeral - . to-morrow Sat-
urday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1S07 Fillmore street, corner Sutter.
and thence by electric iuneral car leaving
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
. 11:15 o'clock '"to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for Interment.
DANIEL— In this city. January 1, 1902, Daisy
Maud, beloved wife of Wilfred "W. Daniel,
and mother of Maudle M.. Laura E. and
VirgJe Daniel, a native of Washington, aged
23 years 7 months and 12 days. "¦'.... --
ETRemalns at the mortuary chapel of Mc-
Ginn Bros.. 222 and 226 McAllister street,
opposite 2\ T ew City Hall. ...
DELURY — In this city. January 1, 1902,
George, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Delury, and father of James,- George,
- William, Jeremiah,' Daniel, Mary Kathryn
and Thomas Delury, Mrs.' James R.- Cham-
bers and the late John M. Delury, a native
of County Kerry, Ireland.
CC7"Xotice of funeral hereafter. •
DRINKHAHN— In the City and County Hos-
pital, January 2, 1902, John . Drinkhahn, a
native of Germany, aged 64 years.
GILFILLAN — In Phiiadelnhia, Pa.. December
23, 1901. Archibald Forrest Gilfillan, late of
Honolulu, eon of the late John F. and Eliza-
beth Gilfillan, & native of Philadelphia, aged
47 yeara 7 months and 20 days. - "
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January 5, at 2 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery .streets.
GOULD — In this city, December 31. 1901,
Major "William Oliver ; Gould, beloved hus-
band of Mary A. Gould, and father of 'Mrs. j
S. P. Tucgle and Harry F. Gould, a native
of Exeter, N. H., aged 73 years:
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Frldp.y), at 2 o'clock, from the -First Con-
gregational . Church. Companions of George
H. Thomas Pest and the Loyal Leelon are
respectfully requested to attend the funeral
of*ur late companion. Interment private.
GRANLEES — In San Lorenzo, January 1. 1902,
Mrs. .Catherine Granlees, beloved mother of
Hattie, William and Robert Granlees. a jia-
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 78
years. ¦ . .....
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from. her
late residence at San Lorenzo, Cal., Satur-
day, January 4, at 2 o'clock. ..
HAGGERTY — In this city, January 2. 1902,
Mary Haorerty, ¦ belovtd dauehter of Tim-
othy and the late Julia Haegerty, a native
of San Francisco. • ¦ • ¦
HOOTS— In this city, January 1, 1902, Ray-
mond H. Hoots, beloved son of John A. and
Belle Hoots, a native cf California, aged 1
year S months and 15 ¦ days.
HUGHES — In this city, January 1, 1002, I>ilys,
beloved child of Richard J, and Elizabeth
Hughes, and sister of Lizzie Hughes, a na-
tive cf California, aged 2 years 10 months
and 0 days. • • . , - ' . ¦¦ .:
LEWIS— In 'this city, January 2, 1902. Mary
Lewis, a. native of Sacramento, Cal., aged
37 years. • ; ¦, . . . •>_•¦.
LYNDALL— In Oakland, at 611 East Fifteenth
street, January. 2, 1002, Elizabeth S. Lyn-
dall, mother of Mrs. Rosa M. Schneider of
Oakland and Charles P. Lyndall of Los An-
geles, a native of /Pennsylvania, aged 77
years S months and 25 days. ¦
LINDKOB-In this city. January 1, 1902. Lo-
renz Lucas, beloved son of Maria and the late
. John Lindrob. and brother of Maria, Theo-
dore and Lucy Lindrob, a native of • San
Francisco, aged 10 years 2 months and 24
days.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Tomasa street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
McCONALD— In this city, December 31, 1901,
Dora, beloved wife of Angus McDonald, and
beloved mother of Annie, Ronald, William,
Joseph, John and the late Dora McDonald, a
native of Eyrecourt, County Gal way, Ire-
land, aged 53 years. (New York and Prince
Edward Island papers please copy.)
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, 516 Hermann street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGLINN— In this city, January 1, 1902, Cath-
arine McGlinn, a. native of Ireland, aged 70
years. . <•— ¦
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
corner Tenth and Howard streets, where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEOWN— In* this city, January 1. 1902,
Richard J., beloved son of Mary J. and the
late William McKeown, .and beloved brother
of Mrs. W. V. Francis and Mrs. F. J. Lewie
and the late Thomas ¦ and William J. Mc-
Keown, a native of San Francisco. A mem-
ber of Harmony Lodge "No. a, A. -O. U. Vf.\
and Yerba Buena Lodge No.- 1788, K. of H.
{C^Friends and acquaintances and members
of the above lodges are respectfully invited
10 attend the funeral lo-aay (Friday), at 712
o'clock, from his late residence. -520 Sixth
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MAHONEY — In this city, December 30, 1901,
John T. Mahoney, beloved brother of Mrs.
M. Eatsere. a native of Ireland. . aged till
years. - ' • ' . ..-..¦
CCZFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Fri-
day, January 3, 1802, at 8:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of J. "S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame des Victoires, where a mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. : . -. -
MARTIN — In Berkeley, December • 31, 1901,
Mary Martin, beloved . mother of > Thomas
Martin and Mrs. Hugh McEvoy and the late
Mrs Francis Gallagher, a native of Ireland,
aged 82 years and 10 months. (Boston
papers please 'copy.) ¦ • •• -• •¦. .
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'-c{ock. from her late resi-
dence, £05 - Delaware street, thence to St.'
Joseph's Church, ''where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. . .
MARTIN — In this city, January 2, 1902, Wil-
liam, husband of Fanny, and father of Alice
M. Martin, aged 72 years 4 months and 14
days. ¦•¦ .-• ¦
E7"FTmeral nriviite. Please omit flowers.
MINEUR— In this city, December 31, 1901,
Charles Mineur, a native of Gefle, Sweden
aged 40 years.
E7"Members of ' tha Swedish Society are
respectfully Invited to attend " the funeral
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock,- from -the fu-
neral parlors of Craig & Cochran, '24 Mint
avenue.
MORRISON— In this' city, January- 3, 1902.
Thomas H.Morrieon, a native of New York,
aged 78 years. ¦ ¦ ¦ • v •
(ETFuneral services • to-day ' (Friday), at
3:30 o'clock, at St. John's Presbyterian
Church, corner California •:- and '- Octavla
etrects. . • ¦ - . • '. , • „¦ . . , . •-. -
NEDDERSEN — In this city, December 31, ,
1901, • Marie, beloved wife of ! C. Ncddersen,
and mother of Christopher, Charles and Diet-
rich Neddersen, and beloved daughter of ¦ C •
Hunterman and the late Geslne Hunterman.
a. native of San Francisco, aged 41 years 6
months and 6 days. - . . ¦ . "
(CyFrlenda and acquaintances" are ' respect-"
fu"<Iy Invited to attend, the- funeral < to-day :
(Fridey), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral -par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler,'636 Washing-
ton street, nnder ' the auspices ' or the San'
Francisco Frauen Verein. • Interment Laurel '
Hill Cemetery. . - ..; .
OFFICERS and the committee '\ of . the- San
Francisco Frauen Verein are . requested . to
assemble at Druids'. Hall.' 413 Sutter street.'
to-day, (Friday), at 1 o'clock sharp, to
attend the funeral of our sister, - Marie JNed- .
densen. By order of ¦ ¦ = •• • • - ...
MRS. L. GALL, President.
A. MASS. Secretary.
NORTON — In thla city, January. 1, 1902, Kate
, beloved wife of " the late - John Norton, and
mother of -Lee- and William- H. ¦ Norton. ; a
- native of Ireland, aged -68* years. '.--•
(E7"Frlenas and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully tavited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 -o'clock, . from her late
residence, 2C33 Bryant ' street, thence ; to ' St.'-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;Ohly S^ Meclieine for Babies
¦ ¦ " /5C"V^SW The insides of • babes-in-arms and little chil-
/li/W 4^^ ' ren are ver y delicate and tender. Mothers must
' no * e reckless in the use of physics. There is
/^||yp^Sg2£l only one gentle, perfect, safe medicine for babies:
lW>«4^ > >^??iiSs5l "Cascarets ar» flnn for ladies -with infants, as they keep both
VSk???! • -R 3632araA mother and child from becoming bilious. I us« them daily ra
F^l/Sl»l^ my practice."— Dr. A. E. Grillin, Stubblefleld, Tex. ¦ •
VV '^^T r." 1 haT » b «c°jne « flna believer In th« efficacy of Cascarets.
.-. Even my baby boy likes them."-ilrs. UdaCermak, JeraeV City!
.•, < Z Jr&E /V " J * on nd Cascarets. in the cage rj
¦ . • "Ifrffk m.i r i^ ' my b J* by wh ? ia no6 Ter^ »trone. tn*
> <T^< r^dfii^'^HrVa "C**»V • ver 7 best medicine I e-ver nsed. They
\ * «r P"T do just what yon recommend."— Mm.
'^jflS- l°\ Chapman, Stephens Mills. N. T.
; /jf*^SlX. lU%i t" 1 **l"k Cascarets splendid.- Th«?y
jr J XrWl\ - ¦ • A klytv&fSiB have benefited m» greatly. My baby
ft'' (r \ 7\k x&^^Z a aord^d C i t n8 1 I ithcroup -" >an(iCas(:are "
J^ «>')*¦ S~ iiJnL -Bam - "Ma'arma has nsed Cascarets and re-
ty'.y.v ''•'*>^^*"*^ ¦ J j&MBfri Js*V*i eeiyed great benefit. S tie thinka they
Y* »«i/V^^ ' ' '*^J(P$&i&ifjdES!3v* * re 'wonderful, and ?ave them to our
T^^^ • Baby befow he wna three yenvs old."—
/ Js^ l s!'lfc*HHptoS|(KI'* 1 1 Aav^^»> ce 691 Eighth St., S. Boston.
Lys/j X J*^^ I " - -X. > >£3rer "Our baby was sick and -we were ad-
S^// S Jt 2^ I T ' sed to try Cascarets. Ho was en-
f 7 jy St f jJS. / 2iSE\ tirely cured. We cannot say too much
/ CL/7 s 1/ WwJfrSf v ¦ AiXfeK in praise of Cascarets."
/.¦ t/ 4/ /i/Sy^^m^^ J&ga? — Mrs. Mollia Bowman, Metropolis, III.
J t Jy^yr*^ Z^^^^&SjJZ&r J "Cascarets are indlspensible for
_*^ X fj&£§*£ip!<P§Y*$r' y° nn 2 children and always bring boat
| ¦ >k i^i>Ti/^Vn^*Vimr?^l ff /» " ~ Henr 7 J oy n »- p - M -. "Lesley, S. t>.
I \\ 1 &B!!!&^B3arG&Skf*®&BB3lV*<bm& "Ca3carets vork easy and without
\ §r2wSKw§B5aMfiffl5fl6si'l pain. I have giTon them to my babies
\ /Z^eSn* BmXXBk/NHBmJ *A EW with splendid results. "
V>x^Z!N GT 4^3S^BBw*m$fi' Awl — Mrs. K. Settag, St. Louis, Mo.
\ 17^^ £ffi0i~1 Q*^V" 3 / "Cascarets are wonderfully good for
.... ' •••; •' ;*,'•• —Mrs. Wm. Roan, Catamount, N. Y.
Mamma takes a CASCARET, baby gets the benefit. Isn't that good sense? The
sweet, palatable Candy > Cathartic Cascaret, eaten by the nursing mother, not
only regulates her system and increases her flow of milk, but makes her milk
mildly .purgative. Baby gets the effect diluted and as part of its regular, natural
food;— no violence— no danger— perfectly natural results. No more sour curds in
baby's stomach, no more wind, colic, restless nights.
Z??t\ftAT»n4't\ Best for the Bowels. All druggists, loc, 25c, 50c. Nev-r sola* In bulk.
(w¥e£4wUwfJ%&«J Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
' ww TaTaiiS' -back. Sample and booklet free. Address • . ".
•'iiHTiiliniir-'-™^ 'Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 513Calendars and Diaries
For 1902; also 'Daily. Journals," Memoran
dum,Books.; Bill; Books, - Card Cases and
Blank: Books^of ."every ; description.' "Best
service 'and best .values at Sanborn;* Vail
& Co.'s, 1.741 Market' street,"-.. -- ; ; •
ceiving the messages, as they are sent in
the Morse code.V-' ' . . : . '. ¦¦..
•..Whether.Marconi can Jso perfect his an
paratus; that; it will; be possible byiits use
to !j converse. c thousands - of ¦• miles ¦¦ through
space is one of the . problems yet to: be
-The 1 Rose Gold ' Reclamation Company
wants the ¦] Superior, Court to: restrain J:.
M." Johnson ; and others . from selling cer
tain' rights c in a, patent \, gold-saving de
vice.V which i the company alleges is the
property, of i the • concern by - reason of an
assignment made by Johnson. -
Claims Gold-Saving > Device.
•>' Recorder. Godchaux prepared a report
yesterday " showing the total number of
papers of all descriptions filed in his office
during, December, 1901,'tobe 2390. The re
port also shows the following. comparative
table • of I receipts and expenditures of the
office:: : •:
Receipts December,' 1901. ......... ... $3,744 05
. Receipts December, 1900. 3,188 10
Gain over December,' 1900.... ..;. $553 95
Receipts calendar year .1901. 7. ..;.*. .$41,575 25
Receipts calendar .year 1900... 37^798 75
Gain over 1900. .-........;.. $3,770 50
Total cash , receipts , 1901 . . . ... ..'... . .$41 575 «>5
Total expenses 1901 : .......... .v. . . . ; 55, 183 5l
'Net surplus- 1901..1.'.. .....*....'. $6,392 21
Total papers died 1901. ~; 27 us
Total papers filed 1900 24^917 .
v Gain over, 1900.. ... .'. ......... ,;.~ 2,201
Godchaux Prepares > Yearly Report
and Has a Large Surplus for •
1901.V .
KECOBDER'S OFFICE SHOWS
BIG GAIN IN RECEIPTS
Information has< reached this .city- that,
Inventor. Marconi in ' his : recent^ successful
experiments, in" sending signals across the
Atlantic Ocean - by , means , of his wireless
system of telegraphy used a telephone •re
ceiver In recording the dots and dashes "of
the Morse, code^ ' .... .','¦* ¦_• v, ¦''"'•' ; ; ," ¦'/••'.-•¦ ¦: ;
The news was conveyed", yesterday.', to
some of the officials of the telephone, com
pany and was the, caused of 'considerable
speculation as to the possibilties . of ;the
•Marconi system.- ' ¦ ' -':'.•¦;:"¦' v
.In the absence^ of ; President 'Sabin.'and-
General Manager Glass of '.the .telephone
company : District' Manager -Jacob! stated
that It was possible. that Marconi had'ih-'
stalled a telephone' system' in
with his wireless telegraphic apparatus.?, '.
. "There is no more delicate' instrument, "/
said Jacobi, "than, the dlaphram of a tel
ephone receiver. . In ; telegraphing' r by
means of - wires the current-Is- not- strong
enough to .work . the sounder and a 'relay',
is utilized. The electrical current coming
over a long-distance wire opens and
closes a circuit, but the ear-cannot'dis
tinguish the sound of the'delicate'instru
ment so affected. The sounder is there
fore utilized with a 'relay.' -.The-; strong
battery of the 'relay' 'is affected by. the
electrical current, .and : the -.'ear.'conse
quently, can distinguish. the" clicking of the
sounder. ..... ' ¦ , i ¦ ;, ¦ '.
"If Marconi used a telephone receiver
in • securing his . wireless • signals • • : across
the Atlantic the inventor did. so .because
he recognized , the extreme / sensitiveness
of the . instrument. The electrical'^ .. wayo
currents traveling through .'*> space -'were
possibly too, weak to affect," the 'receiving,
telegraphic apparatus, hence the use of a
telephone receiver. . , V v . ,
."It is a common occurrence to, hear on
a telephone the signals that are sent over
a telegraph wire; that is when the tele
graphic and telephone wires , are .in . prox
imity. The ordinary person, would :. not
recognize these sounds, .but -the trained
ear of a telegraphic operator can: readily
distinguish them. ¦; . . ¦ •, ; ¦¦•*.•,-'
"It is very- likely, that the telephone will
play an important part inthe use of wire
less telegraphy, for we are living.Jn the
age of- marvelous Inventions and ,'discov-'
eries." .¦ • : ; * .-. •' '.'¦'•y -.¦-., : .-.:"'¦;••¦;" : ';,: ;.'.i
; Whether Marconi .would be able to send
sound waves ¦ through space > by "means ¦ of ¦
his wireless system was a- subject that
the official of. the. telephone company- do
not think feasible. '¦":*¦ ' ,»
Some years ago Professor Bell,; the-in
ventor of the * telephone, experimented in
the hope of sending a sound message from
one point *to another.' without the; use of
wires. ", The experiments -were ' not . suc
cessful." . .
Professor Pupin recently, perfected ma
chinery : which, by a i system , of '.'relays, '',
carries the sound vibrations over a long
distance wire, .where ordinarily. the vibra
tions would- be 'lost owing to the I extreme
resistance; to be ¦' overcome. '.Pupin 'hopes
that he .will be able to telephone "across
the Atlantic • Ocean ; with: his r : apparatus,'
and 'his invention > was recently purchased
by an Eastern syndicate for a* large sum.
,The use of a. telephone, receiver; in -con
nection with \ the . Marconi wireless tele-'
graphic : system would still , require '.the
services of a telegraphic operator : in re-
Captain McCalla Secures
Site Top Clubhouse at
¦. : T7* n *
* ¦'"' '.','. ' ¦ : ¦" • » • ¦¦'.¦ '. .
: t If; the. beneficent .Intentions. of. Captain
.Bowman H.: McCalla.- now in command *ot
th"e. Kearsarge,. the ' flagship ¦• of the : North
Atlantic .squadroh.Tare, carried' out the
enlisted ¦ men. •" of the .navy .will, have a
magnificent clubhouse at .Vallejo in which
;to 'improve "their- time. '.while', on ' shore
leave. ¦ As- assort ; of - ;a • pledge' to: the
speedy 'realization of his project,, the. cap
taln f has alreadyifpurchased an 'appropri
ate site in the. riavy.-y.ard town. : ;in paying
f or lot' he used the prize money which
he won' by T his', meritorious service in the
late war with Spain.-, ,'; .':S ;.
«..' Captain McCalla As- not alone in the en
terprise,-but-will- have . the assistance of
several- prominent-naval' officers. ;• With
ithe site already secured,' it isproposed' to
:raise theimoney.for^the construction and
equipment of the building by popular sub
scription.-.Mrs.- B.'H. McCalla, wife of
Captain McCalla; arrived.in this city from
, the East a , few days ago and is engaged
in making. the preliminary arrangements.
... In;, speaking 'of ' the project .yesterday
Mrs. fMcCalla-i said; that ; the plans for the
clubhouse, have not as yet been'f ully out
lined,, but that it would probably.be rnod
* eled*after r the ' handsome' clubhouse for
bluejackets in Brooklyn, toward' the erec
tion of which .Helen .Gould gave $450,000.
She said that it; is: the. desire,of : her hus
band to make the; enterprise a local
affair, r The plans are to, be drawn by a
local architect and the money 'is to. be
raised - on .>. the . Pacific " Coast. When
the clubhouse Is completely V equipped
and. In good running condition it. may pos
¦ sibly .be .placed -under the | direction , of the
Young Men's Christian Association to be
conducted after the fashion of the one In
Brooklyn.' ¦ ' \ ,. \ - "
•The site for the clubhouse In Vallejo is
at .: the "corner of = Santa Clara :¦ and York
streets." It is 100 ; by 130 : feet ' and affords
ample- space for . the construction of a
very/ commodious > structure. The club
house wll.be fitted up. so as to afford
practically a home for; the bluejackets.
There will be a gymnasium, bowling alley
billiard." tables '< and; other .apparatus for
the diversion. , of .the... men,";- as^well ,;as
books and. papers for; their' amusement
and mental: improvement... There will be
a sleeping apartment so ; - that ' the / men
may .spend, the lights there, - and In fact
the -.building- wil.be\fitted .with .all the
equipment of -at first-class r clubhouse" -
Captain McCalla: spent' three year's in
service : In the Mare Island navy-yard." and
it was the recollection of. his service there
that gave him i, the desire to ¦ erect a club
house; for: the enlisted - men. '-r':
<It is not.probable that the camp will be
located near- San 'Francisco, as it is de
aired that the troops may have a regular
campaign march along with the brigade
and division drills, which are to be made
to, conform: 1 as far as' possible to the
movements of, troops ,in actual warfare
The ¦:. camping ground is to be ' used not
alone, by- the regulars, but also by the
different branches of the National. Guard
The scheme is a new one for this coun
try, but has long been in -vogue with the
armies of European nations. ¦' ¦ :
Generals Young, Kobbe and Randall
" Leave to Inspect Proposed Sites
in the South.-
Major General Young, : accompanied by
Generals j Randall and ' Kobbe, left for San
Diego yesterday morning for. the purpose
of selecting a suitable site for. one of the
four national camps which are to be used
for the drill of large bodies of troops.
Santa Barbara and Monterey have both
been mentioned as favorable locations for
the projected camp,; and an inspection of
these cities will be, made before the offi
cers return./ The report of the inspection
will .be presented to the War Department
about, the middle of the month. ;.
Important Use of Tele
phone by Marconi in ;
His Experiments. ;. %\
TO SELECT LOCATION ;
FOR A NATIONAL CAMP
The rainfall for last month was about
four inches less than the average rain
fall for. December for the last twenty
three years. Forecaster • McAdie states
of a mo^tur d i aCeilt C ° Untry g badly in need
Light Rainfall for December.
PLANS A HOME
FOR NAVY MEN
Call for Financial Statements
The Board of Bank Commissioners has
issued a call to all the banks in the State
to prepare a statement of their respective
resources and liabilities as they existed at
the close of the year. It is expected thtt
the reports will be' completed and pub
lished within the next two weeks
..¦¦-.¦ ¦ - , i — , ~ ~
Ernest " Hastings is looked upon very
favorably in New York. '¦
OLD ; STAGE FAVORITE /WHO
HAS JOINED THE ALCAZAR
COMPANY.
One Man Wounded in the Neck and
Three Bullets Fired Into a
Dwelling.
Two reports were made to the police
yesterday of wild and dangerous shoot
ing on New Year's eve or morning. Jo
. eeph Santa Cruz. 312 Andover street, re
ported that while he was on his way
home about midnight he was struck on
the neck by a bullet fired by an unknown
person at Cortland avenue and Benning
ton street. The bullet fortunately only in
flicted a slight flesh wound.
Michael CDea, 1126 Folson street, re
ported that shortly after midnight three
shots were fired at his house. One of the
bullets went through a rear window car
omed off the wall and landed on a table
in the room. The other two bullets went
through the side of the house. O'Dea
said he thouglit the shots were fired ma- i
liciously and that he had a strong sus
picion as to who fired them, but declined
to give any name.
DA2TGEBOUS SHOOTHTG
ON NEW YEAR'S EVE
DUDLEY EVANS
SECURES PLACE
•¦•I .. . . -i- — -•_ -¦• ¦¦
Chos en Acting President
of th^ Wells-Fargo-
Company.
¦ ¦"¦:•-" — * -
Incumbency to Be Made Per
; manent by New Board
of Directors.
Colonel Dudley Evans of New York was
elected acting, president of the '.•WeHs-
Fargo Express ! Company yesterday. That
'he; would, be chosen as the head of;tha
corporation was exclusively announced in
The'. Call; last Monday;
¦ • That Colonel j Evans was elected acting
president and J not president', at the meet
ing, yesterday 'was due solely to courtesy
to the stockholders' of .the •corporation.
The annual • meeting of . the stockholders
will be. held in August, when a new board
of directors will be elected, and the' new
board will then proceed . to elect a presl
dent-and other officers of the '• company.
As between 90 and 95 per cent of the stock
is held in the East,- and as Colonel Evans
is an 'Eastern man, it is reasonable to sup
pose he will be chosen-'as the permanent
head of the corporation.
- E. H.' Harriman was elected a member
of the board of directors yesterday, and
it is known that he made a request to all
the ' members of the board '« that , Colonel
Evans be made acting 'president, so that
he would be well in harness when the reg
ular election takes "place in August.:
: There were rumors to the ertect ' that
E. H. Harriman had his ' name proposed
as ; a -'member of the board of directors
as a stepping-stone to some day being
president. . Tnese . reports are erroneous.
Harriman does not wish the position, and
.with -Dudley .. Evans • as president of ths
corporation he Is perfectly, satisfied.
¦.Those present, at the meeting yesterday,
afternoon were H. ; E. Huntingdon, John.
Be rmln gham , Homer S. King, George E.
Grey, Andrew Christeson and N. Stein.
Secretary N. Stein at the close of the
.meeting said:
. Colonel Dudley . Evans' . claims were brought
forward and he was elected, at once. The
meeting: and. election were' most ; harmonious.
The new. acting ; president , is a very capable
man. ' Of course, .with the death of President
J. J. Valentine the company has been af nlctetf
with a great loss. . I cannot eay what changes
are . likely : to be made under the regime of
Colonel Dudley : Evans. . ; . ¦ • ¦ ¦
Last . evening Colonel , Evans was seen,
but to all questions in regard to his fu
ture policy he refused to answer.
Colonel Dudley Evans has -been .the
Eastern • manager . of the Wells-Fargo
Company, and was its New York , repre
sentative for many years. During his res
idence j in • the East he made a splendid,
record. He was born in 1838. and served
in the Confederate army during the Civil.
War, retiring with the rank of colonel.
Although'- getting on- in years," • he
is still active, and 'should make a splen
did president. He says he will not moVe
the headquarters of the company to New
York, but will still have the main office"
in this city. He is at present staying at
the Palace,, but will leave shortly for the
East to bring his, family out to . San
Francisco. " •
THEATBICAL .EMPLOYES _:
HONOE . THEIR MANAGER
Actors/ Stage Hands and Musicians
. Present Charles E. Cook With .
, . Handsome Locket.
Manager. Charles E. Cook of the Central
Theater- was called to. the stage New
Year's night to quell what was represent'
ed 'to be a small-sized riot, and when ho
responded to the summons he found he
was the central figure in a demonstration
in • his favor. . Stage Manager George ' P.
Webster explained .. that " .the group of
actors, stage hands and . the entire ! force
of - theatrical ; employes t appreciated Mr.
Cook's services during the year and that
they felt some. little token of their appre
ciation, would not be- amiss. "With that
Georgie Cooper, began "For He's a. Jolly
Good Fellow," with the others following
in the chorus. Mr.; Cook was dumfound
ed'and especially so when the lights were
flashed up in the auditorium, revealing
an 1 , assemblage of • nearly --one hundred
friends In the boxes and front seats of
the orchestra. Stage \ Manager Webster
then? relieved Mr. Cook of a handsome
gold watch that had been presented to him
a week . previously by Manager Fred
Belasco and appended to it a magnificent
chain, and locket. Manager Cook was at
a- loss to say -any thing and called upon
James Corrigan to help him' out, which
the latter laughingly refused to do." Then
at last mustering courage | the recipient
of the gift' thanked all - and a general
handshaking followed.
MAY ABOLISH
"HELLO" GIRL
QEORGE OSBOURNE, : the old-:
time actor favorite, has. re joined
the Alcazar stock company and •
will make his; appearance- next
Monday night in a leading part -
In "The "Wife." Osbournehas not played
in this city for two and a half years. 'He
has been under the management of "Wll
llan A. Brady and has- takn an Im
portant role in the dramatization of "Ben 1
Hur." ,
Osbourne Intended retiring from the
stage and devoting- his leisure to the cul-'
tivation of his vineyard at | Fresno. He,
however, was induced by Manager Fred
Belasco to rejoin the local stock company.
This will surely be gratifying news to
local theater-goers. Mr. Osbourne has
long been a prime favorite. : His sterling
acting In the past has earned him the re
gard and applause of the residents of this
city and vicinity. -
Mr. Osbourne looks younger than he did
when he left here some years agro to create,
the part of the Indian in "A Stranger' In
a Strange Land." He scored quite a hit
in this role. Later he joined Mrs. Lang
try and scored a success in "Lovers'
Lane," and duplicated it in "His Ma
jesty." : y<;
According: to Osbourne,. his \ old-time
theatrical partner, L. R. Stockwell; is
coining money with" an elaborate produc-.
tion of "Uncle .Tom's Cabin." • His former
wife, Ethel Brandon, who was a favorite
In this city many years ago, is with Nat
Goodwin.- Mr. . Osbourne also states that ..'
Alleged Lack of Discipline.
Director G. Pouchan. who is a member
of the hospital committee and conversant
with the facts, made the following state
ment last nlKhti^v.'y
• Miss Kirkpatrick' b charges are baseless She
was not dismissed for political reasons as she
seems to think. The fact was that her resigna
tion was demanded because she failed to fill
the bill. She had no authority over the nurses
and we felt the need of securing a matron
whose commands would be obeyed by them
without question. Of her charges against the
nurses and Mooser I know absolutely nothing
If she was aware that Mooser was acting badly
at the hospital it was her duty to report it in
the proper way. This she did not do. I cannot
understand why Miss Kirkpatrick ehould make
such statements as are credited to her, unless
she is jealous of Miss Flemming, her succes
sor. None of the things alleged by her have
ever been brought to the attention of the com
mittee of which I am a member. Had such
, n «i ft** they woul <* not have been dis
missed without a rigid investigation.
Efforts were made to secure a statement
from Mooser last night, but he could not
b f # U . nd , at th £ h <wPital. It was reported
at that place that Mooser had departed on
a vacation of ten days. Other 'directors
say that- Miss Kirkpatrlck's statements
are so trivial that no official attention will
be raid to them. Dr. Marquis merely
laughs at the story and shrugs his shoul
ders. Thus the matter stands. •
1 never heard of the matters charted by
Miss Kirkpatrick until to-day. She was a good
nurse and save great satisfaction at the hospi
tal. During the time she served as matron It
developed that her discipline was not wljat It
should be. it | is not true that Dr. Marquis re
ported against her and demanded, her resigna
tion. That was done by the hospital committee
after a careful examination into the facts
Indeed, there was no trouble of any sort re
ported to the society. This is mere spitework
on Miss Kirkpatrlck's part. I can explain it on
no other theory.
.Miss Kirkpatrick now alleges that .she
was forced to resign- because she" had in
curred the enmity of Dr. Marquis, head
surgeon of the hospital. She claims that
this enmity had its origin in her* report to
him that various nurses and Dr. Mooser,
an interne, were conducting themselves
in a manner not to be tolerated In a decent
institution such as the French Hospital.
She demanded of Marquis that Mooser be
reproved for his conduct, but Marquis
sided with Mooser, and a few days after
ward demanded her resignation. This be
ing handed in and accepted, Miss Flem
ming was appointed her successor.
It Is further charg-'ed. by Miss Kirkpat
rick that there is too much politics in the
hospital and that she has faleln a victim
thereto. She says Marquis wanted a
berth for his friend, Miss Flemming, and
that he was searching for an excuse to
get rid of her. Consequently when she
reported the Irregular conduct of Mooser
with certain nurses Marquis took advan
tage of the opportunity of securing her
removal.
John M. Dupas, president of the French
Benevolent Society, last night declared
that Miss Kirkpatrlck's charges lacked
foundation- In discussing the matter he
said:
Was Forced to Resign.
tee decided that the best interests of the
hospital demanded a change of matrons,
and Miss Kirkpatrick was politely re
quested to resign. This she did about a
month ago ana was succeeded by' Miss
Flemming, who lately arrived in this city
from Canada, ;:•."'-
Kirkpatrick are unworthy of credence.
Miss Kirkpatrick was connected with
the hospital for about three years. A
month ago her resignation was demanded
by the hospital committee of the French
Benevolent Society, which manages the
institution. She had matriculated as
nurse .In ¦ the hospital and was appointed
as matron about a year ago. She was a
companion of the nurses and this friend
ship, in the opinion of various members
of tne committee, riot only weakened her
authority over them, but impaired the ef
ficiency of the service because of the lack
of discipline it engendered. The commit-
The recent removal of Miss M. Klrk
atiick as matron of the French Hospital
as resulted in disclosures by that woman
f alleged transactions at the hospital
rtiich the directors regard as being scan
alous. One of the internes and several
omely nurses are implicated, but if the
tatements of the directors are to be ac
epted as true, the statements of Miss
SAYS MOOSER
IS A GALLANT
Interne of the French
Hospital Accused by
¦. Ex-Matron.
Miss Kirkpatrick Lays Re
moval From Position
to Politics.
OSBOURNE ONCE MORE
IN ALCAZAR COMPANY
Popular Actor; Is Induced to Postpone His
.Retirement From, thevSta^eand^Vill Ap
pear in ; . "ThpWf e|^m>^^j||Njglit
12
THE SA-N E^A^CISCO -CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1902,
First- Lane Lecture.
Dr. . C.;N.-vElIenwood will deliver to-
night the; first of sthe popular, winter series
of-^Lane? lectures?.; given -annually at
Cooper Medical. College. . The"' subject will
be "Epidemics. "AaiBBBBBiga8dlMa«>JM>mii
¦ ¦;¦;¦¦¦ .-''••.•¦¦-. t » ? « '-•¦•-• — . ..
Rionhart's * Flaxseed ; Balsam
Will cure your cousn. CO cents at all druggist*. I
Positions as Bookkeeps/s anil Stenograpliers
; : The ; night > school ¦. of ¦* Heald's ,. Business
College prepares scores of young men and
women ! to ; nil lucrative positions ? in . busi-
ness houses. awaaataftMBaa •
W\ if . ft * Tjr i j > * I f • H
f itCaelstheoaralviiocks " j
P I Nothing Your Chap Wears Gsts Harder I; jr Jj
j J KrocKs Than His School Suit. ' Ii
K I But we'.ve school suits that will guard against A
K [ these hard Jcnoch*; made froirpth^ indestructible \1
M and non- outwear abli Bannochhurn twieds; all n
H , wool, positively all wool. The colorings are m.
w9 IV l]! pleasing — coloring that .don't sriow the dirt or I Ii,
)S j diost,f abrics that vviW* stand theharcLTcnocla that ||
pjj a school suit gets: You have -paid $5 for suits no \ U
better. These are for chaps between the ages of 6 I W,
I and 14- years. The coat is built with the broad |!|
H military shoulders. These smart suits will be I %
I on special sale Friday and Saturday at I /
¦ r.{" $2.48 ••]
¦ |RAPHAvEL r S,-InG. J
p»li |l Cor. Kearny Street and "Union Square Avenue. I £A
r/\wl 11 vl\iL/J/
1«1 VOMTLD'
Appearance
'•¦¦•'¦ ' These worsted trousers I
: IflWiliffllpila iearth6 v aim " Th& c ° i '
KWIflipjI^HllfHlSffl orings are very smart
|jj|! jl P - 'Q that a $5 worsted trous-
tl ij|ibjS» Kifif Wm:- •^- n en dies s assort-
iPW Wm wM'' Bffl merit and every pair of
WW-^B ftS 'em smartly tailored.
is RAPTIAH^
EXPEET OPTICIAN.
NOTICE !
Mayerle's Superior Quality
stt&tt&rbs Eyeglasses are the only ones
*^*r^2§£S5kTi indorsed by the highest U. S.
J^bJ&?Vs7"V Army. Navy and Government
officials. Can be had only of
„, George Mayerle, at 107114
Market st_. near 7th. San Francisco. Mr.
George Maj-erle does not travel, nor does he
employ traveling opticians to represent him.
J?.£ p^S?o South 2T2 - Ge «nan Eyewater. 50c.
Til IS OUT. "-.;¦•¦-¦
When Prof. Musyoa says his Rheumatism
Cure wiil cure rheumatism there isn't any guess*
•rork about it— thcrr isn't any false statement about
k. It cures iriibout leaving any ill effects. It is a
splendid stomach and nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for rheumatism.
All the Munyoa remedies arc just as reliable, 15c.
j-isi. The Guide to Health is free. Munvon, New
York and Philadelphia.
XUffT0V!» XMIALEB CURES CATAKBtt.
DR.MQNULTY.
TSIS •ttTELL-KNOWX AND BKLIABLEKJLD
6p«aaUsteuresBloo<iPoison,GonorrhoB»,Gleet,
*"" Ictur «*. "Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
Overs) rears' experience. Terms reasonable. Hours,
flto3dailj-;6:30to6.30eVgs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Omsul-
tauonireeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE MeXCLiTY, 31. D.
afi^ Kearny SU San Francisco, Cal.
ANNOUNCEMENT.)
The Independent Gas and Power
Company announces that its new
and complete plant Is rapidly being
finished.
It has placed orders for about ten
• thousand (10,000) tons of pipe, and
has on hand about two thousand
(2000) tons.
The laving of mains will com-
mence immediately after January
1st and be prosecuted as rapidly as
possible.
This company will make contracts
to supply gas for two years at the
rate of seventy-five {75) cents per
thousand cubic feet in all districts
as rapidly as the necessary pipes can
be laid.
INDEPENDENT CAS and
POWER COMPANY.
A. U. HUNT, General Manager.
Elegant Shoes
Cut 25% to 50%
We will start an unusual reduction sale.this miming in many
lines of our elegant stock of fine shoes. • y
Certain lines which are incomplete.in all sizes by reason of the
The significance/of these reduced prices is apparent to any one
wjarwifli the stylish shoes carried by us. Such shoes as
! usu r a d r P rice O s!r r & C °'' S ** ha^thei?
Below are mentioned a few typical values. The store.is brimful of
Srf h rT ° k m th f- windows a "d see some of them. rS
n,, r J ° eSareStyIlSh ' Up - t0 " dateanddesirable I" every way "
°itTil^ 85^' S3tin Sl *- W*^'°& of imported
_J £ renc " T patent , leather, with -
Ladies' all-wool jersey leetrimrs ™ c h Lou is X V heels or leath-
and $1.25. sale_pri C e 60c. You know the value
Ladies-.tnercerized Romeos, .hair 1^1^°%^^
stnped.-fur tnmmed, warm lined, * v
formerly $1.50, sale price 80c. A number of Laird, Schober &
This is a great value. Co.'s most elegant shoes, which
— nave nev,»r sold less than $5.00 to
Child's red felt slippers, sizes 6 to ' Zl redu ced to $3.85.
11. 55c; siztsjlX to 2, 60c. Some odds and ends in men's shoes-
Child's best crochet slippers, sizes" Men'! ?f'*° m ' &F£ : &
. 6 to 10, 60c; sizes 11 to 2, 65c. i C . n ce s p *£"\ lcath " or v »« kid
>/r 1 j 1 , lace shoes, regularly, sold for
Most every lady knows that the $3.50, now cut to $2.65.
material alone can scarcely be • . • ¦ :
had at these prices. . Boj's' calf lace shoes, reduced as
follows: Sizes 9 to 13, $1.10-
Ladies fine kid button or lace sizes 13H to 2. #1.30- sizes 214
shoes, only $1.85. to s l A. $1.55. . . /2
You must see these shoes to ap- Same shoes with quilted soles, 5c
predate their value. l 3 more in eacn instan ce.
* Child's. kid or box calf lace shoes,
Ladies' extended sole lace shoes, in full round toes, extended edges!
kid or box calf, stylish shoes stylish goods that we guarantee
that will wear well and look l <> wear; sizes 5 to 8,05c ; sizes
well; reduction price, $2.15. W2 to 11, $1.15; sizes Hj^ to 2
$1.35. '
There are also many bargain coun- These child's shoes are all 25 ner
ters of interest. t cent reductions. .
s 1 FORMERLY LUCKES '«m9
832 rlARKET ST.S.F?