Continued on Page T-wo.
the. night before that Eleanor
Fuller met ;a horrible Vdeath; at
the" hands of a strangler. The
physician ; removed - the -flesh I and
skin from the 'murdered /girl's
throat and laicjJ the] pharynx bare.'
It - presented :a- horrifying .(sight?
•Directly^ unde'r : Uie [slight ; discpl
orationsth.it appeared on the out
side of /the girl's throat -Dr. Baci
galupi^ found ;tvvo bruises,- one of
which "wasi : about? the :;! size di a
half-dollar .piece! 7 The I character
of the bruises' showed plainly" that
; The inquest on the body of the
murderecl girl will be held at the
Coroner's office at 10 o'clock
this morning." Dr. Bacigalupi.
the autopsy physician, ; riiade;an
important ¦ discovery yesterday
that;bears out his statement of
the name of Scott.- They do, not
know nor. does anybody /olse - in
terested in 'the solution of the
mystery know who the murderer
is or where he lives or what his
connections are. His identity
barHes investigation.
Out of the maze of theories
and contradictory statements no
tangible clew has developed to
the whereabouts or identity of
the moral leper who changed his
THE mystery surround
ing the identity of the
brutal strangler who
choked Nora Fuller to
death in the vacant Sut
ter-street house and the
details leading up to the commis
sion of his hideous crime grow
deeper every day.
name at every important step in
the consummation of his fiendish
plans to murder the young girl.
The police are scouring the
town for John Bennett. -They
know that he is the man who: was
on friendly terms witrT the f girl
before she left home. '[ They
know that he is the man who
rented the house from Urribsen
& Co. under the name ol C. B.
Hawkins, and they :know'that : he
is the man who bought Vth'ei-bedi
ding from Cavanaugh's • under
Detectives Are Straining Every Nerve to Capture J^hnBennetti
the Fiendish Murderer of the Sutler-Street House lim.
. Whether, or not they took trie
car together, Zertonna does not
know. While he was standing
outside the store watching Nora
Fuller and her friend, a customer
entered * and . he went inside to
wait' on : him. Zertonna "states
that on one occasion, he does not
remember . how/ long before ' the
•girl's"; disappearance, Nora Fuller
came into - the store and bought
some stamps. . She- had a sealed
letter, in her hand, and when he
gave her the stamps Nora put the
letter! on the counter to annex
the L stamp. Zertonna saw . the
name of John Bennett written on
the face of 'the'envelbpeJ As Nora
Fuller, was not known to have
'written* any A, letters • to Bennett,'
by. a middle-aged' man who an
swers the description of the elu
sive Bennett. " He also says that
Nora Fuller seemed glad to meet
her friend and ; together the
couple walked down Central ave
nue toward the McAllister-street
cars, v .
. / Ray. Zcrtonna, the 'A grocery
clerk employed • at Menke's gro
cery store at Central- and Golden
Gate avenuesj . from where .Nora
Fuller used to telephone, to Ben
nett; -tells a 'tale- that? adds addi
tional 'mystery ;to,.;the^ murder.
Gn the 1 evening ; of January ;i i;
when Nora Fuller left her- home
to answer the -. advertisement j in
serted "¦ in the papers by Bennett;
Zertonna' says that -she ; was met
on' the corner; outside the 'store
Captain Seymour was be
sieged yesterday with all . sorts
of cranks that usually - imagine
that they can give important de
tails on nearly every big murder
mystery . that puzzles . the police.
The stories told by many were
wild and ; disconnected, but there
were . some . important details
gathered -by. the police. •..
they had been made by the stran-'
gler's strong fingers as he shut
off his victim's breath and sent
her innocent soul into the, land
of death. ; . ,
. The firm of Rader & Snyder,
real estate brokers, whose offices
are on the second floor of* the
Emma Spreckels building, xould
give no satisfactory explanation
of how their card happened to
get in the possession of the girl
or her murderer.
• '\Rader is acquainted with At
torney Hugh Grant" and Miss
Captain Seymour detailed
three of his detectives to inter
view every business man and
agent whose cards were found
in the house where the murdered
girl's body was found. All of
them - save one stated that
they had sent the cards to
the Sutter-street house simply to
seek trade, and knew nothing
about the occupants except that
C. B. Hawkins had rented the
house from Umbsen & Co.
this is strongly indicative of the
fact that she knew the strangler
before he enticed her away from
her home.
. ...r^HE:C'ALLjs.enablcdJo.,giveJhis, morning, the latest, and^most^. authentic .description of the
• ¦ man Bennett,- who wrote to Nora Fuller' to meet him; at the Popidar Restaurant, Geary
street, ~ witli a view of c "engaging her. to attend his family, but who, there is no doubt now, decoyed her
to- the house '.at. 221 1 Slitter \ street, -where '.he foully land brutally strangled her to death. The de
y scription is given by : F. W. Krone, zvhose,restaurant on Qeary street Bennett patronized for fifteen
yeah': Bennett 'has a decided cast in' his right, eye and the eyelid droops slightly; his hands, always
-- in good condition, favor the idea that he has never done any manual labor. His height is about
'five feet seven inches, and he zucighs about 160 pounds; he has excellent teeth, which are slightly
prominent, and his mustache is 'of 'a' brownish color. His chin is rather long, as is also his face;
he has a' military walk arid takes long strides and appears to be a man belonging to some pro
fession. [He seemed to be studiously inclined and at all times read the papers or a book which lie
\ would bring with him to the restaurant. He was always well dressed. There was every indication
¦in his manner that he was a student and, a professional man.
CALL. ARTIST. PORTKAYS HOW ELEANOR FULLER WAS STRANGLED. DRAWN, PROM. A DESCRIPTION
GIVEN BY AUTOPSY SURGEON DR. BACIGALUPI. PHOTOGRAPHS OF IMPORTANT WITNESSES IN
THE MYSTERIOUS CASE WHO WILL TESTIFY AT THE CORONER'S INQUEST.
VOLUME XCL— NO. 73.
H^HE police are diligently seeking to establish theidentity. of -John Bennett, the foul fiend who lured little Eleanor Fuller ¦from )her : •hoine^and subsequently strangled her to death in t tie vacant house at 22 11 Suiter street, which he had
raited especially to aid in the perpetration of his hideous crime. They are satisfied beyond a doubt that the man who met the girl at 4hcj Popular Restaurant is the man who rented the house and who afterward bought the furniture.
There their knowledge of the crime and of the assassin ends. <The case is becoming shrouded in deeper mystery every day. Dr; Bacigalupi' made, ayi official statement yesterday that Eleanor Fuller was strangled to death. On removing
the flesh from the throat of the dead girl the autopsy .physician found two horrible bruises on the Adam\s apple that were 'unquestionably made by the fingers of the brutal- sir -angler.
DEEPER GROWS MYSTERY ENSHROUDING
THE TRAGIC FATE OF ELEANOR FULLER
AND POLICE ARE TEMPORARILY BAFFLED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN' FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY. 11, 1902.
The San Francisco Call.A estrange coincidence In connection with
this Etory was the information given out
yesterday, and upon which the police
yvorked assiduously, to the effect that one
Oscar Eilverman, stock-beeper at the
Golden Gate Suit House, said yesterday
that he remembered selling the costume
to Nora Fuller. It was last October, and
what particularly Impressed the sale on
his mind was the fact of Lawyer Hugh
Grant coming into the store when they
were Just about closing. All the girls had
gone home and on that account he waited
upon the lawyer, who was somewhat un
der the Influence of liquor at the time.^ A
minute later Mrs. Fuller and her daughter
and son entered the store, and at Grant's
request the costume was chosen and paid
for by him. There was a good deal- of
merriment over the purchase, and Grant
appeared to be especially pleased- with the
fit 'of the Jacket and asked young Lewis
Parlane. the girl's brother, how he liked
it. The four were apparently In a happy
mood* that night, and Grant, when about
to pay the bill, produced a large amount
of money. The family and the lawyer
were at that time on the very best of
terms.
Purchases Clothing While
in Company of Girl's
Mother.
GRANT SHOWS
MONEY GALORE
TO SALESMAN
SOME IMPORTANT DEVELOPMENTS IN THE MYSTERIOUS STRANGLING CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL^
Continued From Page One
DEEPER GROWS MYSTERY OF MURDER
of the Fuller party at the Golden Gate
Suit House was a man with a cast in his
eye. The police at first thought this was
Bennett, but it turned out that Lewis Par
lane has a decided cast in one of his eyes.
AH eorts of theories are being advanced
as to the probable time of the commission
of the murder. In the absence of convinc-
Mrs. Fuller also questioned Miss Gra
ham, but went away still* convinced that
the man who strangled her daughter only
met her by accident through her answtr
ing the advertisement In the paper.
Mrs. Fuller, who cannot be convinced
that her murdered daughter knew her
slayer before she left. home, and Madge
Graham, the girl's chuni, who says Nora
often spoke to her of John Bennett, were
brought face to face last night in Cap
tain Seymour'* office. The young lady
told her story in a straightforward man
ner, and rigid cross-questioning could not
break down her assertion that Nora knew
the man who enticed her away from
home. .
Emma Searight, the young lady who
met Nora Fuller In Attorney Grant's of
fice, also made a statement to the police,
which was substantially the same as the
one published by The Call. She dis
claimed all knowledge of any of the mur
dered girl's affairs, saying that she only
knew her slightly. Miss Searight said that
ehe went to Grant's office about a week
before Christmas on some legal business,
and there 6he met Ncra Fuller. She in
vited the girl to call on her at the per
fume department In Hale's, where she
waa working at the time, and Nora ac
cepted the invitation and visited her sev
eral times.
Attorney Hugh ! Grant was taken to
Captain Seymour's office yesterday after
noon and closely questioned again by the
Chief of Detectives. Grant claimed to
know nothing: about the man who calls
himself John Bennett. He said he never
knew the Fuller girl bad an acquaintance
by that name. Grant made a full state
ment, which was copied by Clerk Levlnes.
The police are puzled over the finding
of the card and are diligently seeking
some satisfactory explanation of how it
got there. "s
Potter, his stenographer, but he does
not remember giving either of them
one of the firm's cards. He also
etates that he did not know Miss Fuller,
and Is therefore very much mystified
over the finding of one of the firm's cards
In the house of mystery. Bader cannet
remember of having had any dealings
¦with any one answering the description of
John Bennett or Nora Fuller.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10.— After a
eearchlng investigation into the" case Chief
of } Police I Sullivan expressed the positive
opinion* t6 The: Call correspondent to
night that Nora Fnller was never in Sac-
Chief of ¦Sacramento's Police
Says She Was Not
: There.
Found the Bullet.
Dr. Morton of the City "and County
Hospital yesterday examined Frank
Woods, alias "St. Louis Frank," one of
the murderers of Police Officer Robin
son, and discovered that one of the but- \
lets from the brave officer's revolver vu
imbedded in the fifth vertebrao. Tha
bullet will be removed to-day.
ELEANOR FULLER
NEVER LEFT CITY
Petitions in Insolvency.
Guemond & Branson, a creditor of W.
W. Booker, freight-hauler, residing ¦ in
Tuolumne County, filed a petition yester
day in , the United : States District Court
asking that- he be declared an Insolvent
debtor. It is ,- alleged that he owes - $700
to the petitioning firm. Edward Morri
son, a machinist, San Francisco, filed' a
petition in the same court in voluntary
insolvency. .He owes $335 and has no as
sets. - .. ,'-.-,¦.
Arrested' in Los Angeles.
Detective O'Dea left by last evening's
train for Los Angeles with the warrant
for the arrest of J. a. Tennant, alias
Cressley. He is; wanted here for collect
ing money by representing himself as a
collector for the Pacific Coast Press Asso
ciation. . ¦ : - •-¦•¦. - .
A man answering the description of
Bennett occupied room 19 at the Gray
stone Hotel, C6 Geary street, about Janu
ary 8 or 9 for a few days. It J was „ his
habit to take his meals at the Popular
Restaurant just across the street.
It is possible that • Bennett was this
party • and that he occupied this room
prior to taking the flat at 2211 Sutter
street. 1 The clerk at the. hotel stated posi
tively that no woman or any one else ever
entered the room while the stranger oc
cupied It. . . ; '.; [':;¦-¦: •
It is thought that Bennett or Hawkins
took this room owing io Its close proxim
ity to the restaurant, where it is. believed
he intended to have his victims • call,' as
then he could meet them. with no one. be
ing cognizant of the fact. He was not
there on the night of the 9th, as room 15
was then occusied by H. Simmons of 25
Geary street; so It would' appear on that
date, the , date on which . he received the
bedding «\t the house of crime, he -took
up his abode at the Sutter-strcet house
or elsewhere. /
Ssen in a. Bestaurant.
Charles T. Kelly of Elmhurst, who Is
employed by the H. 8. Crocker. Com
pany, visited the Morgue last night and
Identified the body of Eleanor Fuller as
that of a young woman whom he had
Piles Cured Without tho Knife.
: Itching, ¦ Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Files
No Cure. No Pay.- All druggets are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where It fails to cure any cas« of piles
no matter of how long" standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen day/
One application lives ease and ¦ rest. - Relieves
itcn.ns instantly. This is a new discovery, ami
is the only pile remedy sold on "positive guar
antee,' ro. cure no pay. A free sample will be
vent by mall to any one i>endinff name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keen
It in stock send GOc'in stamps and' we will for.
ward full size box by* mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo, who
alto manufacture tho celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets, i ¦¦ ¦ > -.-•¦
The Representatives al3o state that they
will use every effort to secure tho In
creased use of California prunes, dried
fruits and beans by the Indian agencies.
This is In line with the effort being made
by the association to secure recognition
of these California products In particular
aside from tho former work to obtain a
better opportunity for the general bid
ders to furnish Indian supplies.
The association has Just Issued a very
interesting descriptive catalogue of the
commercial products, both natural and
manufactured, of the State.
President Sbarboro of the Manufactur
ers* and Producers' Association received a
communication yesterday from. Senator
Perkins and Congressmen Kahn, Loud and
Metcalf that the entire war revenue tax,
including that on wines, will be repealed.
ciation Receives Favorable News
From California Delegates.
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso-
EEPBESENTATIVES SEND '¦*£
ENCOXTBAGINO BEPOBT3 .
Man Answering Description
of Murderer Ate at
Popular. 'v\
BENNETT SLEPT
AT GRAYSTONE
Inasmuch, therefore, as the ordinance de
nies to some property owners, what Is per
mitted to others, it is not equal and uniform
in its operation and is, in - my opinion, in
valid. ¦ . . f
In many cases the surface of tho ground
upon y/hich fences are < or may be erected In
this city and county is more than ten feet
above the level of the adjacent sidewalk. Upon
such a lot no wooden fence whatever could- be
erected without violating ' the ordinance. A
fence, one inch high, would be more than
ten feet above the level of the sidewalk. ¦ '
The ordinance limites the height of
fences to ten- feet above the sidewalk. In
his dclsion Judge Seawell sayB: . •
to Suit for Injunction Filed by
Bill-Posters. "
. Judge Seawell decided yesterday that
the high fence ordinance passed by the"
Board of Supervisors recently is invalid
and overruled the demurrer to the suit for
an injunction restraining Chief Wittman
removing a fence twenty feet high erected
by Owens, Varney & Green bill-posters, at
the corner of Post and Stelner streets.
Judge Seawell Overrules Demurrer
HIGH FENCE OBDINANCE "
IS DECLARED INVALID
The inquest on the body of Eleanor Ful
ler will be held at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. Following are the jurors: William
King, manager of Cook's Spring: Mineral
Water Company: Frank Triest of th«
firm of Triest & Co., hatters, 116 San
some street; Archibald Roos, Rooa Bros..
31 Kearny street; Lewis Roesch, Hoesch
& Co., printers, 325 Sansome street; Ed
ward Schlueter of Schlueter & "Volbere.
carpet dealers, 215 Sutter street; William
J. O'Leary, cashier Stein, Simon & Co..
Market and Second streets; Daniel M.
Braerton, manager of O'Connor, Moffatt
& Co.; John B. Davltt of Daly & Davitt.
New England Bakery. 120 Sixth street:
Edward H. Mitchell, art stationer and
engraver, 225 Post street; Ferdinand Reis.
cashier of the Pacific States Loan So
ciety, 410 Pine street; Gustave Sntro,
grain, bond and stock broker, California
and Montgomery streets.
Business Men Will Legally
Fix Cause of Young
Girl's Death.
B. Whitney, to whom at pres
ent is intrusted the charge of the daugh
ter of Attorney Grant at his home at. 6x9
Point Lobos avenue. Immediately at the
base of Lone Mountain, has a strange tale
to tell of how he becamo acquainted with
Nora Fuller.
v According, to Whitney'3 statement, the
little Grant girl, v/ho had been in the care
Of Mrs. Fuller, on the afternoon of Sep
tember 22, met Mrs. Whitney at Golden
Gate Parlc, conceived a sudden idea that
she wanted a "new mamma," and was
duly installed, in the Whitney flat, about
four blocks away from the Fuller resi
dence. Whitney, carefully measuring the
value of each word he ' uttered, declined
last night to tell how or why it happened
that the child's unexpected utterances re
sulted in her becoming a part of the
Whitney household. ; ;• "
Asked for an opportunity to meet the
child, Whitney said:'
; "Unless Grant comes himself, or you
produce a; written order) I will not
bring out the child. She | has made a
statement to us and that is all," said
Whitney. •
'. The latter measured his . words care-.
fully. His story is "as follows:
, "When I read the: accounts in the Sun
day papers, I saw there was a tendency to
cast suspicion upon Hugh Grant on the
ground thathe should have been able to
give ; a more positive identification of the
girl's body. The- intimation was that. as
he had known Nora Fuller so long, he
could have stated positively whether or
not it w"as her body that was lying at the
Morgue. '
. "I did. not think .that this was just, 1 for
I did not believe he j knew any. more | of
the 1 mystery than/ you or I. As I had
known Nqra.Fuller. Just as well as he
did, I thought; I would go to the Morgue
and look. at* the body myself., .ThlsT.de.-'
Cided to do without having heard any
thing' from Grant. • ¦ On: my way to the
Morgue it occurred to me that I might
have some j trouble' in '¦¦ gaining j admission,
so I stopped at Grant's house and asked
him to -go with- me, ; so us to make sure
of my being admitted. -Before we started
a 4 detective camo'ln with a request that
Grant call on Captain . Seymour .'„ during
the day. ' /.'-¦ ¦¦•'?."¦".¦..'. ¦".¦' I '¦'.'.
¦¦;¦' '.'When we reached the Morgue \ I saw
the body. Though I had known Nora Ful
ler for. years," I could not be any, more
positive • in ¦-; Identifying ' . the body than
Grant had .been/ , The hair and the upper
part of the face were like hers,! -.but the
lower part ' of the face - was : so much
changed by decomposition that no one
could be positive in identifying her. . Her
own mother could not have been certain
as to. the girl's .Identity, in the absence
of some identifying marks on | the body."
Whitney was positive that on the even-
MANY peculiar circumstances
I are being developed in the po
lice investigation of the mur
, der of little Eleanor Fuller. J.
seen several times in a restaurant at
Third and Mission streets. She -was al
ways accompanied by a. middle aged
man who was slightly , bald and wore a
dark brown mustache! His description
of the man who accompanied the girl to
the restaurant tallies with that given of
Bennett, alias Hawkins, who is wanted
for the crime.
Physicians call attention to a peculiar
circumstance in connection with the body
as it was found •which proves conclusive
ly, in view of facts furnished by Mrs.
Fuller, that Nora Fuller was murdered
on or about January 11
The autopsy physician Is Inclined to be
lieve that the girl has not been dead
over twenty days at tho outside, but he
eays that it is quite possible that she
may have been dead since January 11,
although he does not think so. The
•weather has boen exceptionally cold since
the 1st of January, and, as the room In
which the body was found •was close and
almost airtight, the tendency to decom
pose would be much less than under or
dinary circumstances.
Ing proof to the contrary, the generally
accepted theory Is that the sfrangler took
his girlish victim to the Sutter-street
house on the night of January .11 and
ruthlessly murdered her shortly after
arriving there.
. '.'It was just an accidenti" says^VVhlt-,
ney, "that Eva Grant met my wife.. She
just .ciung to her and was . installed In
my house.' That is all I care to say about
the matter."' ... .¦•¦-;. ..: . • ¦
.Whitney was not willing to speak, of hi?
knowledge of J Grant's antecedents. How
he became 'acquainted .with_hlm,: .further,
than the ¦, alleged ' spontaneous effusion of
childish love on the afternoon of Septem
ber 22 by Grant's daughter directed, to
ward his^wife", Whitney refused to say
anything. • : .
"' Whitney disclaims all, knowledge of
Grant until that eventful Sunday after
noon when Grant's daughter embraced
his wife j in . Golden Gate . Park near - the
music stand and asked to be taken home
to the Whitney fold. Whitney fixes" the
date by the fact that he returned from
some mines in the northern part of . the
State i that evening -and found the- new
visitor , at home. ; He disclaims all per
sonal knowledge of the man Grant.
"The two girls came in the place and the
older one niade a purchase of a few arti
cles. • Outside a man was standing. I
did not particularly notice how he was
dressed. . I. think he had a long coat of
the .latest style and a black derby hat.
Nora' seemed glad" to meet him and she
gave her small purchases to the other
girl and went down the street to the
McAllister-street cars. She got on and
went down town. I watched her and saw
the other girl go in an opposite direction.
I do not know which way the man went,
but Nora Fuller seemed happy. That la
the last I saw of them until I saw her
picture in the paper."
Menke has an employe, Ray Zertonna,
a lad. about 16 years of age, who says that
on the night of January 11, as near as he
can remember the date, Nora Fuller and
a girl smaller than she canie to the store
about 5 or 5:30 o'clock and had a few
minutes' conversation. Zertonna said:
ing of January 11 Nora Fuller, accompa
nied by Eva Grant, went to the grocery
store of F.-Menke, 2101 Golden Gate ave
nue, which ia the Bouthwest corner of
Central and Goiden Gate avenues.
CORONER SELECTS
AN INQUEST JURY
Grocery Clerk Waits on Nora Fuller and Sees Her Hand, Small Purchases
She Made to the Young Girl Who Accompanied Her, Go Towards the
McAllister Street Cars in a Happy Frame of Mind and Then Disappear
"I" take exceptions to one thing.^and
thaOis the statement in a San Francisco
paper to-day that I caused an investiga
tion to be made on the strength of an
' anonymous . letter from: Sacramento to
that paper. I never saw that letter until
I read of It to-day. I investigated this
case of Chief Wittman's letter and the
telephone message from Stockton, and
not because of an anonymous letter to a
newspaper. My officers also looked over
the town for Bennett. We " knew if we
| could find the girl we could find him. But
I believe neither was here, and I say this
after having made a most thorough in
vestigation." '„ • ¦> •
Detectives Fisher and Fitzgerald were
subsequently seen • and expressed their
positive belief that Nora Fuller had not
come in on a train from Stockton, and
that she had never been in the city from
the hour of her disappearance. Fitzgerald
said he regarded the anonymous letter re
ferred to aa. merely the freak of some
crank and as having no significance what
ever* ¦ ;
"I Immediately dispatched Detectives
Fisher and Fitzgerald to the depot. They,
were there on the arrival of the train and
watched every person who alighted. There
were several young girls, but lot one who
tallied with the picture and description
of the girl, for whom they had already
been searching the city. It stands to rea
son . that these two detectives, with the
picture .of the girl in their possession and
with. their experience in hunting up peo
ple on descriptions, would be more likely
to know Nora Fuller if they saw her than
would a conductor who had only casually
glanced. at the portrait in a newspaper.:
"Last Thursday afternoon, February 6,
I received a telephone message from the
Chief of Police of Stockton saying a con
ductor, whose name he did not give, had
informed him that he saw a girl who
seemed to him to look like the picture of
Nora Fuller published in a San Francisco
paper on the train which would reach
Sacramento via Stockton that afternoon.
My understanding . of the message was
that the conductor was not coming on the
train to Sacramento, but while at Stock
ton had seen the girl get on r the Sacra
mento train, or had seen her after she
was on the train.
ramento from the hour of her disappear
ance^rom hoirifc.
¦ "The facts of the matter, .so far as Sac
ramento is concerned, are simply these,"
said Chief Sullivan. "On January 18 I re
ceived from Chief Wittman of San Fran
cisco typewritten descriptions of Nora
Fuller and Bennett, with an excellent por
trait of Nora Fuller attached, asking me
to look out for them and communicate to
Chief Wlttman. I make it a point to give
carefyl attention to all such requests, so
I handed the descriptions and photograph
to Detectives Fisher and Fitzgerald, in
structing them to visit every hotel and
lodging-house in town and every spot in
the tenderloin. They did this, keeping up
the" search for several days, but they dis
covered absolutely no trace either of Ben
nett or the girl. •
KEEPER OF LODGING-HOUSE WHO RENTED A ROOM TO MIDDLE AGED MAN AND YOUNG GIRL AND THE
GROCER'S CLERK WHO DECLARES HE SAW ELEANOR FULLER MEET A MAN ON THE NIGHT SHE DIS
APPEARED. ";•. ... . . . . ..'.'¦ - . •
It is more than probable that these two
were the dead girl and her slayer, and It
may have been that the girl was strangled
to death here and her body removed In
the dead of night t6 the houae on Sutter
street, although it might seem Impossible
to commit such a crime without detection
in a crowded lodging-house. Mra. Ken
nedy nor any one else heard anything un
usual in the room.
This story would tend to prove, as has
heretofore been asserted, that the girl
was in the habit of meeting: this man at
a lodging-house.
- She had on a golf cape and a hat about
which Mrs. Kennedy is not positive, but
thinks it was of straw, trimmed with
velvet.
YZ^rr HS. W. J. KENNEDY, who
f^ll keeps a lodging-house at 2OS
I . ' II Post street, said yesterday that
A iL about two weeks ago a middle
ascd man. called afner hoit?r
and rented a room. He came three times'
during the week — on a Monday, Wednes
day and Thursday — each time having a
young girl with him. She stated further
that this girl answered the descriptions
that were published.
Fiend and His Victim Sup
posed to Have Occu
pied Post-Street Room
Middle-Aged Man and a Young Girl Answering De
vi scription of Eleanor Fuller Are Known to
Have; Rented a Room in a Lodging-House
TELLS OF A GOURLE WHO MAY
HAVE BEEN BENNETT AND NORA
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day J"*»
Take Laxative Bromo-Qutnlaa Tablets. All
druggists refund tha money If It falls to cure,
K. \v. Urove's signature is on each box, 23a."So far as I know she had very few
male acquaintances. I think If she had
a sweetheart she would have told me on
account of the confidence she reposed in
me. As I was acting as the legal adviser
of Mrs. Fuller she frequently sent the
girl to my office on business errands. It
was not unusual for me to hand her car
fare whenever she came to my office. I
don't know that I ever met Miss Graham.
"In fact, I am pretty sure that I did not.
I am satisfied that if she was In the habl^
of meeting this man Bennett she would
have .told me. I knew nothing about her
trying to procure a situation."
In the Morgue was because I had deter
mined to make sure that the remains were
those of Eleanor before informing her
mother.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Feb. 11.—Brook
side,, the suburban summer home of J. H.
Bass, the millionaire founder, was burned
this morning. Loss, $200,000.
Brookside Is Burned.
S4.85— A Man's Suit— $4.85.
'Plenty of men's suits to suit af the man
ufacturers' clothing sale. <$4< 85 will fit you
to an all-wool suit. that is'worth $20. You
may. look at them , and if > suited you are
welcome to one of them at the Lyceum
clothing sale, 915 . Market street, opposite
Mason. . - ' , •,- • . . . •
- TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 10.— Two Mexicans
who are supposed to have murdered A.
H. Vail, a" well known rancher, near
Mammoth last week and burned his body
were captured at Dudley vllle last night.
One of them afterward escaped from Jail
and a posse Is now on his 'trail. There Is
talk of lynching should the man be recap
tured.
* Hay Lynch Arizona Murderer.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10.— The Senate
Committee on Pensions to-day authorized
a favorable report on the bill introduced
by Senator Jones of Arkansas increasing
pensions of Mexican War veterans. The
bill applies to the survivors of that war
who are pensioned or may be pensioned
hereafter under the acts of 1S87, ISM and
1897. It gives each of them a pension ot
|12 per month.' , -.
r~..-~ •— ~ '- ~ "
To Increase Pensions of Veterans.
SEATTLE, Feb., 10.— Telegraphic ad
vices to Skagway ,. received by the
steamer ' Farallort state : that < Sergeant ¦ H.
M. Jackson of the Northwest . Mounted
Police committed suicide at Dawson - on
January 30. .He placed a revolver in his
mouth and " sent a bullet through his
brain. . He left no word in explanation of
the deed. • ' : '/ .:.. : ; .*'. / ;:-? ' .
Mounted Police Sergeant's • Suicide.
Peter Gatens was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Cpnlan yes
terday on the charge of grand larceny. In
$1000 bonds. He is. accused of $70
from Charles McConnell of Fruitvale in
the Manhattan saloon, Jackson and Mont
gomery streets, on the night of Febru
ary 3. « : .-¦ / . ..•! Yf:;~/-; r rvt;:
Held for Grand Larceny.
Leary and Brewer Win Races.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10.— The 100-yard'
scratch swimming race at the Sports
men's show to-night was won by J.
Scott Leary of San Francisco. Time, 1:09.
The. 200-yard race was won by Brewer of
San Francisco. Time, 2:191-5.
.WASHINGTON, «"eb. 10.— Senator Hoar,
from the Senate Committee. on Privileges
and Elections, to-day reported favorably
the amendment to the constitution' Intro
duced by himself changing. the day for
the inauguration of the President of thtf
United States from March 4 to the last
Thursday in April. The resolution pro
vides that the change shall take effect in
1905 and extends the term of President
Roosevelt from March 4 to that date. >Thn
resolution also provides that hereafter the
terms of Senators and members of the
House of Representatives shall begin tho
last Thursday of April instead of March
4, as at present.
Changes Inauguration Day.
Governor Gage has selected the com
mission which is to have charge^ of the
historic buildings of California. The com
mission was created by an act of the last
Legislature. Although all of the ap
pointees have not been announced. It is
learned .that E. Myron Wolf of San
Francisco and Mayor Johnson of Mon
terey will be two of the five members of
the body. . , . ',
The' legislative act creating the commis
sion appropriated 53000 for repairs to the
old Custom-house at Monterey, one of the
most Interesting of the historical struc
tures -embraced within the act, and $600
yearly for. Its care. -The United Status
agreed to transfer the ground' and build-
ing to the Native Sons and deed was de
livered September 9, 1900, by. Congressman
Julius Kahn. "¦ . ....¦' .
California's Historic Building.
NE"W YORK, Feb. 10.— Charles Threshle
of Boston played a splendid game of bil
liards in his match with Dr. A. B. Mil
ler of this city In the amateur billiard
championship tournament at the Knick
erbocker Athletic Club to-night, but to
ward the close of the game the strain
proved too much for him and he only
managed to finish out in 45 innings, wilh
a s.core of 400 to Dr. Miller's 205.
Threshle's average, 8 40-45; Miller's, "4
29-4L
Charles F. Conklln of Chicago defeated
John A. Hendrick of this city in the aft
ernoon game, during the latter part ot
which the winner played safety. Score:
Conklln. 400, average 6 4-66; Hendrick,
257, average 3 53-66.
W. H. Sigourney of San Francisco and
John a. Hendrick of this city will cross
cue* to-morrow evening.
W. H. Sigourney of San Francisco
f Game To-Day.
and John A. Hendrick Play
TH rV F!SH *'rc DEFEATS M1LLEE.
IN THEIR BILLIARD HATCH
Several hundred recruits are expected
to arrive in the city to-day en, route to the
Philippines. The transport Warren Is
scheduled to sail for Manila on Sunday
with the Fifteenth Infantry and 500 casu
als. The Twenty-ninth Infantry has been
ordered to the Philippines and will leave
San Francisco dn March 1.
News in Army Circles.
The Del Carlo Opera Company will prs
sent the opera "L'Amico Fritz" at Odd
Fellows' Hall on the evenings of March
2, 5, 8 and 9. The following well-known
singers are In the cast: Maria Welch,
Guiseppl Nlto, Pletro Buzzl, Glullo
Cortes, Edoardo Ferret, Battesta Baron
di and Sannie Kruger.
Will Present "L'Amico Fritz."
A jury was secured in Judge Cook's
court yesterday to try the case of George
D. Gillespie, charged with the murder of
William F. Griffin on ; the evening of
August 20 last. Griffin and his young wife
had a room in Gillespie's lodging-house,
119 Ninth street, and on the evening of
the murder Griffin was raising a. row in
his room and ! breaking crockeryware.
Gillespie was called by his wife to quell
the disturbance, and alleges that Griffin
came at him with a knife and he fired in
self-defense. The defendant Is represented
by Attorneys Ferral and Roy, and Attor
ney A. P. Black is assisting Assistant
District Attorney Porter Ashe in the pros
ecution. ' '• ¦ . '¦¦ •
The Jurors selected to. try the case are:
D. W. H. Lohson, ] J. E. Dealey, James
Walsh, W.' E. Lovejoy, Otto Wellweber;
John Williams, Andrew Jackson, J. W.
Tamm, M. Stockwltz, William Amick, M.
Herman and T. Frahm. The hearing of
witnesses for , the prosecution will j com
mence this morning. ,
timony "Will Commence This
Morning.
Jury Secured and the Taking of Tes-
GILLESPIE TO BE TRIED
FOR GRIFFIN'S MURDER
WASHINGTON, Feb. lO.-The American
Beet Sugar Association, by its president,
Henry T. Ox'nard, to-day submitted to the
House- Committee on Ways and Means a
petition urging that a committee be sent
to Cuba for the purpose of obtaining ac
tual inquiry on the ground and by an ex
amination of the accounts of the Cuban
sugar factories the facts In regard to the
Cuban sugar industry. The petition sug
gests that the investigations of the special
committee will be facilitated if the com
mittee be authorized to invite a represen
tative of the American Beet Sugar Asso
ciation, of the Cuban planters and of the
American . Cane Growers' Association to
accompany the committee to Cuba and to
cross-examine witnesses. •
The petition says the beet sugar manu
facturers offered to permit the committee
to inspect their books, but the Cuban
planters refrained from giving details of
their business. •
Flans of Beet Sugar Hen.
EW. KRONE of the Popular res
. taurant, Geary street, grave a
more minute description of
O Bennett last night than. has be
fore been published.
"What peculiarity was there. about Ben
nett?" was asked.
"He had a decided cast In his right eye."
"Did the eyelid droop?" I
"It did, slightly."
"Did his hands indicate that he was
used to manual labor?"
"His hands were always in good condi
tion; by that I mean that he was not
usea to hard work, and, I should say, had
never done any arduous labor."
"What height was he, Mr. Krone?"
"About five feet seven inches."
"Stout?"
"He weighed about 160 pounds."
"In what condition were his teeth?"
"He had excellent teeth."
"Prominent at all?"
"Slightly so."
"Was his mustache gray?"
"No; not at all. It was a brownish
color."
"His chin?"
"Rather long chin; his face, too, was
long."
"Anything J characteristic about his
walk?" "
"Yes, he had something of a military
walk; he took long strides.
"Did he appear to you to be a business
or a professional man?"
"He appeared to me to be a man be
longing to some profession."
: "Did he show by any act In the years
that he had visited your place an Inclina
tion to be studious?"
"It always occurred to me that he was
a studious man; he was always reading,
If not the papers, some book he invaria
bly carried with him." ' • ;
"Anything peculiar about his clothes?"
"No; but he was always well dressed.
A picture published of Bennett in a morn-
Ing paper to-day is not a particle like him,
and Is perfectly misleading. It has not
the slightest resemblance to the man. I
have given you as near a description of
the man as Is, I believe, possible."
A meeting of delegates of the San Fran
•cisco, Olympic and Lincoln Gun clubs was
held last night to consider the advisabil
ity of consolidating the three clubs. The
question of forming a club consisting of
three divisions was debated at consider
able length, but did not meet with unani
mous approval. It was ultimately decided
to form a new club ¦with dues of $1 per
month, the members to be entitled to all
the privileges of the club for this sum.
The name adopted was the Golden Gate
Gun Club. A communication will be sent
to the secretaries of the Olympic, Saa
Francisco and Lincoln Gun clubs request
ing them to send a list of their members
in good standing to the committee • ap
pointed to draft a constitution and by
laws for the Golden Gate Gun Club. Tho
chairman appointed a committee of three,
consisting of J. Sweeney of the San, Fran
cisco Gun Club (chairman), C. C. Haight
of the Olympic Gun Club and E. Foster of
the Lincoln Gun Club. A draft of the pro
posed constitution ana by-laws will be
prepared at once and will be ready on
Thursday night.
Gun Clubs Consolidate Into
Golden. Gate. Gun Club.
Olympic, San ¦ Francisco and Lincoln
BLT7EROCK AND LIVE
BTBJ> SHOOTERS TJNITE
KRONE DESCRIBES
BENNETT'S MANY
CHARACTERISTICS
The Boers also rushed a detachment of
100 men of Colonel Dor an' s column the
night of February 3, when the British lost
three officers and seven men killed and
seventeen men wounded. -
Von Donep surprised Potgleter's laager,
near Wolmarstadt, Tranvaal Colony, Feb
ruary 7, killing three Boers and capturing
thirty-six, as well as twenty-five wagons
and livestock. ...
LONDON, Feb. 10.— A report received
to-day from Lord Kitchener at Pretoria
shows last week to have been the live
liest week, with the . heaviest losses j on
both sides, for several months past. Lord
Kitchener gives the Boer casualties as
sixty-nine killed,* fifty-seven surrendered
and 674 taken prisoners. The British cap
tured 480 rifles, one pompom and the usual
grist of munitions and livestock.
The most serious British loss during the
week was the capture of sixty donkey
wagons convoyed by 160 troops. At a
point thirty" miles from Beaufortwest,
Cape Colony, the enemy swept down on
the donkey wagons and cut up_the con
voy before assistance arrived. They were
able to remove only twelve of the wagons
and burned the rest. In this engagement
the British lost two officers and seven men
killed and one officer and forty-seven men
wounded, while the Boers lost twenty
four killed and forty-five wounded.
Sustain Losses.
Series of Surprises and Engagements
- in Which, Boers and Britons
LIVELY FIGHTING GOES
ON" IN SOUTH AFRICA
I can account for all my help, for with the
exception of the woman at present in my em
ploy, they have all been colored women. I
have no idea how this young woman came to
give our number, as no one in my employ for
the last five years answers either the descrip
tion of the Fuller girl or the woman that went
to Sacramento two weeks ago Saturday. I
did not discharge any help on that date or
thereabouts.
Mrs. P. H. Livingstone lives at 612
Haight street, but disclaims all knowl
edge of the girl. She says:
"When she got to Sacramento she was
met by a stout, elderly man, wearing ;a
slouch . hat, who chlded her for coming
so late. She said she did not know the
boat was stopped; and he said she ought
to have turned back at Stockton.- She
was chatty, and said in answer to the
brakeman's inqul les that - she lived at
612 Halght street In this city. I lost sight
of her at the depot."
that she was going to some place near
the capitol, but she did nofknow the
name of the parties or the number of the
place. S •
The report shows that the classes in the
Marshall School are overcrowded to a
degree hitherto unknown in the depart
ment. Deputy Howard was directed to in
vestigate reports of overcrowding, and in
several classes he discovered that the
limit of pupils was exceded by from
20 to 30 per cent. Although the limit of
pupils per. class is 55, many classes show
ed enrollments of over 65. In one room
five pupils were without desks and In an
other nine pupils ¦were without accommo
dations for «tudy.
* The Marshall School has twelve classes,
and in order that the excess pupils may
be accommodated a classroom must be se
cured in another place. Deputy Howard
reports that a desirable room may be se
cured in a. building 1 near by. and Superin
tendent Webster will recommend that this
be done.
The report of Deputy School Superin
tendent Howard on the condition of the
Marshall Primary School en Mission
street, between Fifteenth/ and Sixteenth,
was filed with Superintendent Webster
yesterday, and that official has resolved
in consequence to recommend the estab
lishment of another class in that school.
Many Pupils Are With
out Desks.
Limit of Enrollment Is Exceeded and
The greatest discoloration was on the
left side, where the greater pressure
seems to have been exerted. The blood
was thickest in the tissues below and sur
rounding the "Adam's apple." The autop
sy further than this did not disclose any
other signs of violence. Although the
spots were well defined on the outside, In
the interior surface of the thorax they
were more decidedly marked. A large sec
tion of the skin from the fiont of the
throat has been removed and will be ex
amined most carefully under the micro
scope. ¦¦¦: • '¦'-'
CI*ASSES El HAESHAIL
SCHOOL OVERCROWDED
There was no evidence of a struggle In
the room where the body lay. The re
mains were perfectly composed, but the
autopsy shows how carefully the murder
er did his work. -When Dr. Bacigdupi re
moved the skin over the part of the neck
the prints of a thumb and forefinger were
plainly discernible. "While the outside of
the skin was only slightly discolored,
there . was a heavy coagulation of blood
both in the trachea and larynx.
the fact thai the girl was stran
gled and that the hand that did the work
was skilled in anatomy. Stripped of the
medical terms, the murderer applied hi3
thumb and forefinger to the young
woman's, thyroid bone, the "Adam's
apple," the tenderest part of the throat,
and quickly choked her life out.
AUTOPSY SURGEON BACIGA
LUPI last night completed his
examination of the body of Nora
Fuller. Every evidence points to
Finds That Murderer Pressed
. Thumb and Forefinger
on Her Throat.
Dr. Bacigalupi Finishes
His Examination of
Girl's Body,
AUTOPSY SHOWS
STRANGULATION
CAUSED DEATH
POLICE MAKING STRENUOUS EFFORTS TO DISCOVER A TANGIBLE CLEW
MORBID WOMEN
VISIT MORGUE
TO VIEW BODY
Captain Seymour Directs
Detectives andHears
Statements.
/ Murdered Girl's Mother Says
She Never Met Slayer
* of Her Daughter.
GRANT DECLARES
THAT DEAD GIRL
WAS HIS FRIEND
PROMPTED by curiosity a large
number of people, among them
many morbid women, visited the
ilorgue all day and evening and
viewed the remains of the mur
dered girl.
A young -woman wearing eyeglasses ap
reared at the Coroner's office shortly
after dark and asked permission to see
the remains. She had a slip of paper
in her hand on which had been written a
detailed description of the dead girl.
"While refusing to give her name or her
address she claimed she had been sent
by Mrs. Fuller to examine the body and
make sure that it was that of her daugh
ter. After closely examining the remains
and discovering the marks of identifica
tion which were described to her by
Mrs. Fuller she unhesitatingly declared
that the dead girl was Eleanor Fuller.
At Police Headquarters.
For several hours last night Captain
Eeymour had his hands full directing his
detectives who are working on the case
end listening to the statements of those
directly concerned in the dread tragedy.
Among those examined by him were Mrs.
Fuller; her son. who identified the body
Sunday; Miss Graham, who was accom
panied by her mother, and Attorney
Grant. The last named was subjected to
b most rigid cross-examination. He told
«f hi? acquaintance ¦with the girl, -when
end where he nsct her. and particularly as
to ihe dress, which he admits having pur
chased for her. His statement to the
headquarters bureau did not differ ma
terially from the one he made for pub
: lication on the day the body was found.
Mrg. Fuller tearfully told of the tele
phone message she had received from her
daughter on the evening of her disappear
ance. She believed the girl's story that
she had procured the situation that she
¦went after and that it would be neces
sary for her to remain in the house of
her employer for the night.
Does Not Know Bennett.
Fuller declared that she had never
jnet the slayer of her daughter. Her
Statement was corroborated by her son.
Miss Graham also said that she did not
know Bennett. She denied many of the
published statements that she was a con
stant associate of the murdered girl.
Captain Seymour received a. bundle of
letters from various persons yesterday
giving him advice as to the best way to
apprehend the murderer and offering to
lend their assistance in running down
the fiend. One from an individual who evi
dently thinks he Is a modern Sherlock
Holmes reads that he has traced the mur
derer to his hiding place and will "spring
him," as he expressed it. for a monetary
consideration. The whole bundle of let
ters was, of course, consigned to the
¦waste basket.
A young man named Kelly, who is em
ployed by the H. 6. Crocker Company,
looked at the body last night and recog
nized it as that of a girl whom he had
met In a restaurant at Third and Mission
streets. She wag always accompanied by
a middle-aged man, whose description an
swers that of Bennett.
"I took particular notice of them," he
j=aid, "not only on account of the dispar
ity in their ages, but the fact that they
¦vi-ould not epeak to each other -while eat
ing their meals. The man would order
the meals, the girl offering no objection to
any dish that was served. From the de
ecription given of Bennett I am satisfied
that he is the man who was the compan
ion of the girl."
Demands Fiend's Arrest.
Dressed in deep mourning and wearing
a veil that completely hid her features a
gray-haired woman ¦who said she was a
resident of Stockton walked into the
IMorgue yesterday and looked at the body
of the girl.
The unrecognizable face of the victim
<jf the horrible tragedy was hidden be
hind a sheet, but at the request of the
mother the sheet was removed. With a
cry of horror the old lady turned away
and begged to be escorted from the place.
Shortly afterward she appeared at po
lice headquarters and endeavored to learn
if there was any hope of arresting the
murderer. When assured that everythjng
¦was being done to land the liend behind
prison bars she left, after threatening to
call on the Governor of the State and de
mand that he offer a large reward for the
arrest of the assassin.
BOWLING EXPERTS RUN
UP VERY BIG SCOBES
Teams in the Local League Play Fine
Games in the Eugene
Alleys.
The five-man teams from the Excelsior
and Lincoln clubs met at the Eugene al
leys last night, with the following re
sults:
Excelsiors — Llncolns —
Kuenzie ...143 148 128 Crawford ..125 164 141
Levy 07 125 138 Minot 185 157 138
R'schm'lr ..160 106 131 Ettlnger ...159 140 ICa
Krieger ...131 128 122 Brunsing ..136 150 180
Welz 110 118 84 Carroll ....152 158 139
Totals ...641 625 C03< Totals ...7S7 778 773
The doubles on the Central alleys re
sulted as follows:
Lux 164 134 181 Eacret ....233 183 165
Leo 117 153 143 Gott 169 187 137
Totals ...2S1 287 3271 Totals ...392 370 302
Lux 188 157 1W Harwood ..125 183 102
Lee 184 167 140,rhebers ...171 175 163
Totals ...372 324 330 I Totals ,<.29G 358 31&
Messrs. Pike and Egbert, as usual, did
not appear to play their schedule games.
Mr. Eacret, the diamond expert, showed
his skill at tenpins to the tune of 233, the
highest score Jn the tournament.
ATTORNEY HUGH GRANT was
sent for by Captain Seymour last
evening and closely questioned.
Grant emphatically denied that
he ever met Bennett.
"If there Is such a man in existence,"
he said., "I don't know him. It is true
that I am well acquainted with Mrs. Ful
ler and her family. I knew Eleanor. I
first met her several years ago.
; "I was on friendly terms with her and
her mother. My object in presenting her
with the dress there has been so much
talk about ¦was to show my appreciation
of hers and her mother's friendship. The
reason I was not positive about her identi
fication on the night that I saw her body
MBS. A. M 7 SMITH DENIES
THAT SHE ACTED CRUELLY
Answers Husband's Complaint and
Still Accuses Her Cousin
Florence.
Mrs. Anna M. Smith, whose husband,
Charles A. Smith, is suing her for divorce
on the ground of cruelty, filed an answer
to her husband's complaint yesterday.
Mrs. Smith denies that she treated Smith
cruelly and repeats the charges she made
in the suit for $50,000 damages she filed
against Florence Smith for alienation of
affections. " , '
T. R. Little, who was married to Letitla
A. Little only three weeks ago, filed a
suit for divorce against his wife yester
day. He accuses her of infidelity and
names H. R. Shaughnessy of 125 Guerrero
street as corespondent.
Evelyn A. Davis is suing Cfiarles A.
Davis, a practitioner of osteopathy, for
divorce on the ground of failure to pro
vide. She asks the court to give her a
divorce and 550 per month alimony.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Kate Turner from Patrick Turner for
neglect, Annie M. Powers from James
Powers for intemperance and Jessie Mc-
Guire from John J. McCJuire for failure to
provide.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Lottie Brown against James B. Brown
for desertion, Marie R. Rae-Brown
against Alexander N. Brown for deser
tion and Minnie Vogelsang against Fred
erick Vogelsang for failure to provide.
The Shepherdess of Lourdes.
The young ladies of the Sodality of St.
Anthony's Parish entertained their
friends at the Sodality Hall attached to
6t. Anthony's Church, on Army and Fol- .
som streets, last night, giving a rendition
of the "Shepherdess of Lourdes, or the
Blind Princess." The entertainment was
a repetition of a similar admirable per
formance given on a previous occasion.
The following was the cast.
Bernad-tte. the shepherdess. Miss Minnie
Heuslcr; L«oulsa, her mother. Miss Bertha Fur
rer; Eleonora, Princess of Valencia. Miss
Louise Schmitz; Rosabella, her blind daughter.
Miss Lulu Curtaz; Lucilla. her younger daugh
ter. Mis* Annie Welti; Lauiinda, a governess.
Hiss Olga Vofs; ladies of the palace — Antonia,
Miss Sophia Imdorf; Mina. Miss Olga Furrer;
Certrude, castle keej>er's wife. Miss Maggie
t-u:::vaii; Oertrude's daughte.-E — Agnes, Miss
... Ida Buecker; Stella, Miss Edna Goeggel;
W?eres;a, Miss Gladys Goeggel; Mme. Massay,
,^^'ie Governor's wife. Miss Lizzie Sandmann;
S!me. Dozens, the physician's wife. Miss <Elfa
lloser; lllle. Terpez. niece of Mme. Massay,
Miss Louise Buecker: Isabella, Gertrude's
Iriend. Miss Minnie Nager; Lydia, a Gypsy.
Mies Pearl Drawee; Marie, Bernadette's young
er slrter, Mi F? Louise Nager; children of
Lourdet— Josephs. Miss Clara Schoenstein;
-rtrr.alia. Miss Annie Bucher; Inez. Miss Helen
I'Jefter: Helen MiKK Theresa Schrick; Ceclle.
3ttM Helen Sehocnstein ; Antonette. Miss Edna
Jtuckert; the Madonna of Lourdes, ruardlan
engel. represented by Miss Cecelia Schoenstein;
angels— Miss Erna Furrer, Miss Josephine Fur
rer. Miss Emily V.v-srich. Miss Mary Rippsteia;
laSies and clrU froa, Lourdes.
-
Grand Army Impostor.
George T. Johnson, senior vice ' com
mander of Lincoln Post, Grand Army of
the Republic, secured a warrant from
.Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
Henry Bluhm, alias Brum, on the charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
He alleges that on September 27 last
Bluhm called upon him and represented
that he was a member of Granvllle Thurs
ton Post of Lebanon, Ohio, and showed a
card supposed to be from that post. John
son gave him $3, as he claimed to be hard
up, and now he says that there is no such
man a member of the Lebanon post. It
is said that several other Grand Army
men in thtj city have been swindled by
Bluhm.
Clerk Sues for Salary.
Edward L. O'Connor of 510 St Rose
street, a copyist In the Recorder's office,
petitioned the Superior Court yesterday
for a writ of mandate compelling Auditor
Baehr to audit his salary warrant for the
month of January. An alternative writ,
returnable before Judge Hunt on Febru
ary 14, was Issued. O'Connor is a civil
service employe, who was reappointed
copyist by Recorder Godchaux January 8.
The salary fund of the Recorder's office
wasnot large enough to pay all the help
and O'Connor's demand for salary was
refused because of the shortage. »
Lincoln's Birthday.
George T. Johnson, commander of Lin
coln Port, G. A. R.. has issued a circular
suggesting that comrades of the Grand
Army should visit the public schools ou
the occasion of Lincoln's birthday, to
morrow, tollowing is a list of schools
?- s Sp\ L <! n r ol! ! v Post: Huxnboldt
Lxening High School. Lincoln Grammar,
Vx°i". m i bia T> G , rammar / "<=ar St Grammar
Shinier Primary. Long/ellow Grammar
Mission High Schopl. Pacific Hpfirhts
Grammar. Spring Valoy Grammar and
£tarr King Primary School
R. S. Macbeth, who was convicted by
a jury in- Judge Cabaniss' court on the
charge of practicing medicine without a
certificate, appeared for sentence yester
day morning. The Judge sentenced him
fto pay a fine of $100. which was at once
I aid into, court. Macbeth promised to
obey the law in future.
Illegally Practiced Medicine.
Dewet's Aid Will Speak.
The Transvaal League is arranging for
a monster mass-meeting to be held at
Metropolitan Temple Thursday evening.
February 20. General Sriyman of General
Dewet's staff will speak on the situation
in South Africa, and D. M. Delmas will
follow him with an appeal on behalf of cho
Boers. Rev. Father Yorke will also speak
Judge Dunne's Removal.
Judge Dunne took up his quarters at
the Hall of Justice yesterday, which now
places the three Superior courts for the
triaj of criminal cases under one roof. He
had a Chinese assault to murder case ud
for trial.
Ministerial Meetings.
"A Page or Two From the History of
Presbyterianism on the Pacific Coast" was
the subject of a paper read by Rev. James
S. McDonald. D. D., to the Presbyterian
Ministers' Union yesterday. His address
was taken from a work he has been au
thorized to prepare, 'which will be pub
lished shortly. The paper was full of in
teresting data and was listened to with
deep interest. On Monday next Dr. Wil
liam Alexander will read a paper entitled
"Is Organic Union of Protestant Denomi
nations Desirable?' 1 , The Methodist Epis
copal Ministerial Union listened to a pa
per by J. M. Woodman of San Leandro
on "The Manifestive View of the Atono-*
ment."
THE SAN FRAFC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1902.
1 ATTORNEY HUGH C. GRANT HAKING HIS STATEflENT TO CAPTAIN JOHN F, SEYMOUR AT THE HALL OF JUSTICE.
"We were delayed.' en route, owing to
the breaking down of the craft that
crosses the straits of Carqulnez, and we
had to go to Sacramento by way of
Stockton. This young girl" was in the
parlor car, . and I heard a young brake
man say that he would look out for the
girl when the train reached Sacramento.
We talked to each other and she said
uary 25, while en route to Sacra
mento, he noticed on the train a young
girl who closely resembled Nora Fuller.
Plambek says:
CHARLES PLAMBEK, a sewing
machine asent at 1915 Mission
street, reported to the police yefc
/ terday that on the night of Jan-
PLAMBEK THINKS.
HE SAW ELEANOR
RIDING ON TRAIN
Grant emphatically denied that he had
taken .the girl to ' restaurants and other
public places. He said he had acted
toward the girl as a father would toward
his child. Captain Seymour intends to
day to give Grant another "tryout" in
the hope of refreshing his memory on
certain discrepancies between this and
his original statement.
3TWO THEATRICAL STARS AND
SCENE FROM PLAY BEING PRO
DUCED AT THE CALIFORNIA.*. -
••H-II I II r-H I II! I II I IIIM-I.»
hops was largely attended last evening,
loO guests being present. The hours wera
8:30 to 11:30. but the officers were far too
hospitable to break up the revelry at an
early hour. Dainty refreshments wera
served during the evening and good music
was provided for the dancers. Major and
Mrs. Hobbs and Mrs. Rawles received
the guests with due cordiality. The com
pany was made up largely of the yovngtt
set, ana the buds were more attractiva
than ever. The decorations were mili
tary, consisting: of flags, sab*rs and tro
phies of war.
Committee — H. C Aschen, Fred N. Bent.
Richard Doran. W. A. Duggan. George G«h
rtg G. H. Hlnk. G. B. Keefe. D. H. Lamson.
G. P. Maloney. H. S. Beel. Thomas Corer.
Fred Doherty. D. B. Faktor, Paul Geffrey, H.
Iteman. James H. Kelley. F. A. Martin. A.
Massey.
Heineberg, Georgo F. Green. Frank G. Roney, *
Charles G. Nagle. J. J. Laventhal J. J .
Daughney. J. J. Sheridan and David Becker.
Floor Committee — C. F. Williams, chairman*
floor manager, George W. Walton; assistant
floor managers, James W. Reilly, G. W. Ben
con, Fred Butler.
THREE PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE KNIGHTS OF THE ROYAL ARCH WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE
PART IN THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE GRAND BALL TO BE GIVEN BY SAN FRANCISCO LODGE NO 2
SATURDAY NIGHT. . .. j 4^3£lV&tlJtti*&im*M
Another one of those delightful Presidio
and Mrs. Smedbersr, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels. Mr. and Mrs. F. Stratton, Mr. an-1
Mrs. Le G. C. Tlbbits. P. W. Tompkins, J.
Thurston, W. Thurston, Miss Taylor, Dr. II.
L. Tevis, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Tobin, Mr. and
Mrs. A. S. Tubbs, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Tubbs.
Miss Voorhias. Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus 'Walker,
Miss Whlttell. Mrs. WhltteU, N. L. Wilson.
Miss Juliet "Williams, Mr. "Williams. Mr. Wal
lace, Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Winslow, Mr. Wright.
Mr. and Mrs. N. S. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. R.
J. Wilson. Captain F. L. WInn, Mr. Wilcox and
J. M. Quay. . t -
The Alcazar Stock Company is afforded
a good opportunity this week to show
what it is capable of in one of Henry
Arthur Jones.', powerful plays, and it is
not found wanting. The play is "The
Rogue's Comedy," and its presentation
•last night was highly creditable to this
Alcazar.
The new bill, at 'the Chutes this week
] includes the great St. Leon - family of
acrobats, eight in number, who will make
their first appearance in this country; the
Wingate , Sisters, aerial artists:. Arthur
Buckner, trick cyclist, and " Alf Holt, mi
metic comedian. Hazel Callahan and
Prosper Forrest ¦: will make their reap
pearance for . one , week - and Loraine and
Howell will continue their clever sketch.
a series, of new moving pictures will be
Chutes.
Mary Norman does not need a company
to entertain an Orpheum full of people
She does It most successfully all by her
self and gives one of the most talented
exhibitions that have been seen here 'for
! % W^ e i ' :1 £ er imitations of the New
York girl, the Boston girl, the San Fran
| Cisco girl and the Chicago girl are
most clever. San Francisco getting the
best of it, naturally, and Chicago coming
next. When she goes to Chicago, Boston
and ><ew York the San Francisco girl will
doubtless be different and funnier. The
Dempsey and Mack company are clever
people and have a bright act. "A Man of
Chance." 'Wincherman's trained bears
are very; -amusing, and with a "funny
monkey make one of the best animalacts
ever seen at the Orpheum. The Marvelous
Merrills do balancing stunts on the blcy- i
¦cle and unicycle. 'Rose and Jeanette boenl
w%2®iW£*i '¦¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ;
Orpheum.
The sale of seats will begin at Sherman,
Clay. & Co.'s to-morrow morning* at 9
o'clock, the prices ranging from 59 cents
-to $1 50.- ' ¦:-,¦¦. i.
Franz Schubert
Huldigung's March Richard Wagner
Suite IVArlesienne G. Biiet
Symphonic noem. Phaeton..... C. St. Saens
Director Paul' Steindorff has changed
his programme for the second of the last
series of concerts under the auspices of
the San Francisco Symphony Society to
be given at the Grand Opera House next
Friday afternoon at 3:15 o'clock, and his
most attractive offering Is as follows:
Overture, "The Life of the Czar"..M. J. Glinka
Symphony No. 8, B minor ftttiflniahPd)
Symphony Concert Change.
The management of the Columbia Thea
ter announces an extra matinee perform
ance by Viola Allen for Wednesday after
noon. This has been found necessary in
order to accommodate the immense de
mand for seats for the performance of
"In the Palace of the King." Seats for
the extra matinee will be ready to-mor
row morning. "In the Palace of the King
has made a highly favorable Impression
upon playgoers and has met with a
financial success that is of the quite un
usual order The thoater Is crowded
nightly, and the efforts of the players
meet with well-deserved and KeneroiiS
plaudits. Miss Allen In her lovlble ro^e
of Dolores de.Mendoza comes first in
favor, but her support is strong through
u W k '« E - Bonney. W. B. plscoe and
Arthur Hoyt in particular being a trio
players that any star might be proud to
number among her retainers.
"Way Down East" comes next week
Columbia.
At Metropolitan Hall to-morrow night
Josef Hofmann will, give a piano recital.-
The success achieved here by this virtu
oso has been something quite out of the
ordinary, and his two extra recitals at
Metropolitan Hall, to-morrow night and
Saturday afternoon, will be attended by
large audiences. At the recital to-morrow
night' the following \ programme will be
rendered : ; ;,
(a) Variations, D minor. Handel
(b) Rondo. G minor. ..Beethoven
(c) Marche Militalre Schubert-Tauslg
(a) Concert, E minor Chopin
. Accompanied on a second piano by -
Casimer Hofmann.
(b) Alceste Giuck-St. Saens
(c) Gnomenreiren Liszt
(d) Liebestraum Liszt
(e) Mensto Valae Llszc
Hofiaann Recital.
t Mr. and Mrs. *\V. F. Berry, T. B. Berry,
Thomas C. Berry, John Blanchard, Miss Jennie
Blair, S. H. Boardman, - 1. M. Breeze, E. A.
Bmgflere, A. |St. J. Bowie, W. S. Burnett, Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Boyle, ' J. TV. Byrne, R. C.
Bolton. Miss Bolton, Lieutenant Babcock, Mr.
and Mrs. "W. B. Bourne, Miss Nellie Chabot,
Miss Kate Clement, Dr. C. C. Collins, Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Crockett." D. T. Campbell,
Mrs. D. T. Campbell, E. de Coulon.
Miss Carolan, Miss G. Carolan, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Carolan, S Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Chase, Mr.
and Mrs. W. D. Clark, Mr. and Mrs. "W. H.
Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. A. Cheesebrough, Miss
Cheesebrough, Mrs. B. B. Cutter, Mr. and Mrs.
Dimon, F. T. Deering, W. Denman, Miss Dil
lon, Miss Dolbeer. F. A. Driscoll, Mr. and Mrs.
A. M. Easton, Miss Marlon Eells, R. N. Eyre,
Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Folger, Mrs. Falser.
C. Froelich, R. M. Fitzgerald, C. N. Felton.
Jr., Mrs. F. P. Frank, Will Flaher. E. M.
Greenway, ' Mrs. Garceau, Miss Goodall. Ar
thur Goodall, Mr. Grimwood. Mr. and Mrs. J.
r>. Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart, Mr. ana
Mrs. W. S. Hobart, Miss Alice Hager,
Miss Harrington, Miss L. T. Harrington,
H. Holbrook, R. . G. Hooker, Mrs. R.
G. Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. C. O. Hooker,
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Harvey, C. W. Howard,
Lieutenant W. S. Hahn, D. de V. Graham
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Irwin, Miss Virginia Jol
lffe. Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Keeney, F. B. King
Dr. Kierstedt, Allen T: Kittle. S. Knight
. Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Langhorne, John L&wson,
Mr. and Mrs. George Lent, A. S.*LHley Dr
and Mrs. Beverly McMonagle, Mr. and Mrs F*
8. Moody, Miss Morgan. Knox Maddox Lieu
tenant F. M. McMillan. Mrs. Eleanor Martin
Dr. de MarvlHe.Mlss Sallie Maynard," Charles
B. Marks. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Majtee Jr
Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMullin. Mr. and Mr3*
W. H. McKIttrick. S. B. McKee. Mr. and Mrs".
C. K. Mclntosb. Miss Edith McBean. A. Mc-
Bean. Mlsa McNutt. Lieutenant Cyrus Miller
Lanaingr Mtzner. EU«ar Mirner. Dr. and Mrs
H. C. Moffltt, Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Murphy
Eugene B. Murphy, George A. Newhall Mr'
and Mrs. J. R: K. Nuttall. Mrs. Celia Nuttalf
Miss Nadlne Nuttall. . Frank Owen. Mr and
Mrs. Oelrichs, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Payson. H. G. Platt j'
D. Phelan. Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mi«s
Pierce, Lieutenant and Mrs. ' Ashton Potter
Mr. and Mrs. George Pope. G. Roussy. Gerald
Rathbone, Major J. L. Rathbone. Mr. and Mrs
J -, A - a R< &: nS $ n> Mr " and Mrs. Schwerin. Miss
Ella Smith. Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Sewall. Mr
and Mrs. W.T.- St.- Auburn, H. N. Stetson.
Mr. and Mrs. L. I. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. H. T
Scott, Mr. and Mrs, w. R, Sherwood, Captain
. Mr. and Mrs. J. Athearn Folger gave a
ball last evening at Native Sons' Hall that
will long be remembered by the guests,
Who were originally and delightfully en
tertained. One hundred and fifty were In
vited, and fifty couples danced to the
spirited music of two good orchestras.
Beautiful gowns added much to the bril
liancy of the scene, and the decorations
were very elaborate. Flowers of all kinds,
palms, myrtle and ferns were lavishly ar
ranged upon the walls and balcony. The
gaily colored canopy of intricate design
in the . center of the ballroom and the
drooping garlands of myrtle and ever
greens changed the place into a veritable
fairyland." The invited guests were:
BY no means so large an audience
as the play or performance de
served was present at the Cali
fornia Theater last night with
"The Sign of the Cross" for at
traction. The company presenting the
players numbers among its members
some of the players 'in the original cast
with which it was presented three years
ago' at the Columbia Theater, notably
Charles Dalton, who heads the organiza
tion. The performance is throughout
highly creditable, and the play lacks no
Interest of the religious melodrama of the
"Quo Vadis" stamp. It impresses anew
with its compact build and powerful situa
tions, and its period, that cf Nero, is ever
the most profoundly sensational in early
Christian history. The. drama is excep
tionally well costumed and staged end
FOLGER GERMAN
AND PRESIDIO
HOP ENJOYED
* Executive Committee — John F. Crowley.
chairman; Charles Mitchell. J. W. Boycp.
James M. MolTett. "tt*. B Phemester, J. D
Schroeder, Joseph Horn, I. Poket C. W "Wil
liams. T. J. Callen, G. W. Walton, Harry
Brennan, Ike Deutch, James Tlcrney, Joseph
ing grand ball are as follows:
Edwin Arden as the hero leaves little
to be desired. Arden has a happy facul
ty of expressing much while Baying lit
tle. Gardner Crane In the character of
the villain, although a trifle weak in the
part at times, is, on the whole, very good.
H. D. Byers has a humorous parti that
he fills with credit. Laura Nelson Hall
does exceptionally well and her work is
frequently and deservingly applauded
Lillian Albertson has an important role
which she takes in a very satisfactory
manner. The rest of the cast furnishes
good support for the leaders, and quite
outside of the Interesting fact of an
author starring In his own play "Rag
lan's Way" is something that the theater
goer should not miss. • - 4
The scene is laid in Cornwall, England.
The first act culminates in a duel between
two friends, one the hero and the other
the villain of the. play. The quarrel
arises, rather unnaturally, from the
hero's discovery of a secret meeting be
tween his friend and a woman whom
at the time he does not know, but whom
he marries later. The villain is appar
ently killed, but turns up later very
much alive and quite recovered from his
serious wounds. He then returns to his
friend's house and all is forgiven. Com
plications arise, however, when he tries
to renew his former relations with, the
wife of his friend. A woman who loves
the villain and who sees his love. for the
hero's wife is always exerting herself to
cause trouble- betweej. the principals. The
husband becomes suspicious, decides that
hl3 wife is false, and is on .the point of
becoming insane when he learns of his
mistake and the true story of his wife's
rather Indiscreet conduct, and all ends
happily, with the villain and the adven
turess on separate ways slipping into a
comfortable oblivion.
"Raglan's Way," written by Edwin Ar
den, who stars in the; production, drew
a large audience . to the Grand Opera
house last. The play is an excellent one,
on the whole, although some of the situ
ations are somewhat forced.
Grand Opera-House.
Miss Mignon Shattinger makes a charm
ing counterpart of the "Quo Vadis" Lygia
— Mercia in "The Sign of the Cross"—fill
ing out the part of the Christian maiden
with simple sweetness and sincerity. Her
Roman foil, the patrician Berenis, is
fitted with a good deal of luxurious sug
gestion by Miss Agnes Scott..''
Heading the cast and company Is
Charles Dalton, who, as Marcus Superbus,
is a strong and dignified figure. It is a
pleasure to hear the clean and musical
elocution of Mr. Dalton, who has a voice
that cheers. As the luxurious Roman
Prefect the actor has an opportunity that
seems to fit his talent to a turn and in
which long repetition of the part seems
only to strengthen his rendering. A
clever sketch of the variously and gener
ously drunken Glabrio is done by Henry
N. Wcnman, who looks the part with fe
licitously Bacchic air. The role of Tigel
iinus is also very well undertaken by
George Flood, who gives an earnest and
intelligent portrait of the tyrant's tyrant.
George Riddell is. responsible for a firm
sketch of Nero, and the rest of the cast
'is not wanting.
should draw excellent houses during its
stay. It was received with much favor
last night by the small though encour
agingly sympathetic house.
"A Young "Wife" was well received at
Belasco and Thall's Central. Theater last
night. It is by far one of the strongest
and most interesting dramas yet staged
at that popular playhouse. The plot is
superior to the average, humdrum melo
dramatic romance. While there are plen
ty of thrills and sensational incidents, ev
erything appears to be perfectly natural,
and each new incident is an unexpected
turn in the career of the play.- The story
is of a young wife, who, thinking she
is shielding her, husband, assumes the
charge of murder, and after many excit
ing adventures and numerous complica
tions, is finally cleared, and to her relief,
the murderer proves to be other than
her husband. An extremely original and
sensational scene occurs in the second act,
in which is pictured a rather cheerful
thieves' den, to which the young wife has
been lured. A young country yokel hap
pens in, drugs the inmates and rescues
the charming heroine with very little ef
fort and with none of the life and death
struggle usually depicted In such scenes.
Hallett Thompson departs from his usual
line and is very clever in his delineation
of a raw country boy. Stanley Ross, as
usual, earned the hisses of the gallery as
the misguided son. and Willard Blackmore
was strong as Clarence Douglas, the
adopted son. Annette Marshall had a lot
to do as the young, wife, and she showed
to splendid advantage. The character
roles were well sustained by" Messrs. Cor
rigan and Emery and Margaret Marshall.
The entire performance was excellent,
and the audience appeared to be well
pleased. "An African King" will be next
week's attraction.' ¦
Central.
clever and well-balanced company. It is
some time since the comedy was given
here before, but it will be remembered
that it hinges upon the introduction of a
rogue by means of supposed clairvoyant
power into society circles In London. He
•nnally induces his Belgravian acquaint
ances to take shares in one of the wild
cat schemes that nourished for a time
and ruined or nearly ruined many aristo
cratic families. The rogue's son has been
taken from him when a boy and has been
educated by an aunt. He finally become
a barrister and falls in love with the
daughter of a knight, but the consent to
their marriage Is withheld till he can
prove that his parentage Is honorable. He
takes it upon himself to expose the rogue,
which forms the keynbte of the plot, and
is kept blissfully ignorant of the fact that
the said rogue is his own father. Some
of the situations are intensely interesting
and dramatic, and the final scene between
rather and son is powerfully worked up.
M. L. Alsop as Bailey Prothero, the rogue
gave a masterful and thoroughly con
vincing portrayal of the part and proved
that he is capable of big things. His love
and tenderness for his wife In good and
111 fortune were shown with rare art and
expression. Henry Shumer as the son
W 4 a !, fuIly !S ual t0 the piirt and & av e it a
highly creditable representation. George
Osbourne did a happy piece of character
work as Robert Cushing. a fellow-sinner
of the rogue In his vagabond days, and
i?S!, D £ na ™ J" rac y was clever as the
gullible Sir Thomas Dovergreen. Howard
Scott as an old roue, Frank Bacon as a
noble marquis, Jealous of his honor, and
Harry Rattenbury as Mr. Sydenham were
all acceptable. Marion Convere as the,
rogues wife was as usual charming and
effective and Margaret Wycherley as
Lady Clarabut, a woman of the world,
achieved a marked success, and was the
recipient of flattering applause from the
t^ ! 1S Ce - *i, Oza , Waldrop, Lillian Elliott
a 2 d . th e otherladies sustained their parts
admirably. The dresses of the women
well staled V PrCtty and the P lecela
Motion, music, fun, frivolity- and Ferris.'
Those were the striking characteristics of
the performance of "The Ameer" at the
Tivoli last evening. The one and only
Hartman -twinkled with rare brilliancy,
bubbling over with new jokes. The re
mainder of the company kept up th<? pace
very well..- Cashman was a go fun
maker. Edward Webb, Arthur Cu.ming
ham, Tom Guise and Joseph Fogaity ail
were counted to advantage. Anna Lich
ter. Annie Myers .and Frances Graham
sang with much acceptance. Pretty girls
and good staging, supplemented by the
orchest:a at a high level, made up the re
mainder of a veritable cornucopia of good
things. There was little to criticize and
a lot to enjoy.
Tivoli.
the performance with a display of pretty
costumes and toe dancing. The American
Biograph winds up a first-class perform
ance with several new views for this
week.
According to her story the men forced
her to accompany them to the lodging
house where they proceeded to maltrtat
her. Her screams attracted -the attention
of one of the lodgers, who notified Ser
geant Shaw. Shaw lost no time in going
to the house, and failing to compel tiie
men to open the door of the room in which
the girl lay half unconscious, forced an
entrance. The unfortunate girl was at
once removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where she was treated.
The attending physician says that she Is
not seriously hurt. Her assailants were
taken to the City Prison and locked up
in the tanks.
Adah Riddle, a pretty 16-year-old girl
whose home is in Red Bluff, was brUtal
ly assaulted in a lodging-house at 777^
Market street early this morning. The
girl had ; been to the Olympia Theater
with her aged aunt, and i after leaving
her she met two men, one of whom
claimed to know her.
Lodging Souse.
Treated in a Market-Street
Pretty Adah Riddle Is Brutally
SIXTEEN- YEAR-OLD GIRL-.
ASSATTC/TED BY TWO MEN
It is the opinion of the police that the
same man wno operated a few weeks ago
in this city has returned after a successful
trip through the southern part of the
State and has selected Nob Hill as the
present base of his operations.
An investigation showed that about
$2000 worth of jewelry and money had
been taken, including a sunburst of dia
monds, a tiara and necklace, besides some
gold watch chains and bracelets. A quan
tity of silverware was also included in
the property taken.
Mrs. J. Bettel of -24 Pleasant street,
which Is in the neighborhood of the May
residence, reported to the police last
night 'that sometime on Saturday night
her residence had been entered and about
?500 worth of 'Jewelry had been taken. /
TMrs.Bettel was in Oakland on Saturday
and Sunday nights, and yesterday sent
her brother to the house. He found ev
erything turned upside down, jewelry and
silverware gone, and imediately notified
the polfce. . .
A skillful porch-climber entered the
residence. of Mrs. B. L. May, 1313 Taylor
street, between 6 and 7 o'clock last night,
while. the family was at supper^ It was
•some hours after the burglary was com
mitted before the occupants of the house
discovered that it had been entered. Miss
Lizzie G. May made the discovery and
Captain of' Detectives Seymour was im
mediately notified.
After dinner Miss Lizzie May. went to
her room to prepare for a visit to friends.
She found every thing in disorder and
i hastily summoning the help an examln
| ation of the premises was made. Every
room had been entered and ransacked,
aha the means of ingress and egress were
plainly disclosed by a wide open window,
leading from, the porch to a small bed
room at the head of the hall.
THE first annual souvenir ball of
San Francisco Lodge No. 2 of the
Knights of the Royal Arch will be
given at Odd Fellows' Hall on Sat
urday night. Every preparation .
has been made to Insure the success of
the affair, and hundreds of willing work
ers are using their best efforts -to make »
the night pass most auspiciously.
The Knights of the' Royal Arch was in
corporated in May, 1898, in Arkansas, and
has slnoe spread over the greater part of
the United, States. It Is composed entire
ly of saloon men and liquor dealers, and
is benevolent and protective Jn its princi
ples.
The local lodge was organized May 30,
1901. and has a' membership of about 350. J
Lodges have been organized throughout
the State— In Los Angeles, San Francisco,
Oakland, Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose,
Madera and Bakcrsfield. Others are be
ing formed and a State Grand Lodge is
nbw in process of formation.
The committees in charge of the com-
la Money and Jewelry Vic
tims Lose Several
Thousands.
Makes Hauls in Two
Res ebnees on
i H Nob Hill.
Clever People Render Play Excellently— "Raglan's Way" at
Grand Is Highly Successful— -Alcazar Gives a High-Class
Production of "The Rogue's Comedy"---6ther Theaters
"SIGN OF THE CROSS" IS PRESENTED,
BY STRONG COMPANY AT CALIFORNIA
PORCH-CLIMBER
IS HERE AGAIN
KNIGHTS OF ROYAL ARCH PREPARE
FOR THEIR COMING GRAND REUNION
Mixers of Drinks Propose to Celebrate Anniversary of
Organization of New Beneficial Order by Giving a
Grand Ball at Odd Fellows' Hall Next Saturday Night
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIJESDAY, FEBRUARY 11; 1902.
4
c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bpyrffl^-irji , I •/;•_•¦ Offences against
f^ifi-Mrir^ ] o £t ished rigorously
man. may break
ShXkhI WB /^"^ ture's law of health
(#«|s!SJfa cannot escape the penalty.
KjBnBjBgg Many a man is to-day a
f»&S5?fi3s3 prisoner for life, and for a
W*B£j5w1&i ver y t>rief life, because of
|b3hwS9 his'outrage of the laws upon
5»»jw§S7 which health is conditioned.
ESIfiJTJeS' He sits idly in his chair
V&fslGjr torn by coughing spells and
fXMrj gaping for breath. The
gssjy handkerchief which wipes his lips
ftuM s k° ws a re( * stain. He is slowly
ESSs Weak lungs, obstinate coughs,
fr£j« spitting of blood, weakness and
l£s"I emaciation are cured by the use
rKsjf of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
B?£r Discovery. Thousands who have
Bar been cured by this medicine attest
V Sick people are invited to consult
F Dr. Pierce by letter, free. All corres-:
* pondence is held as strictly private
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
EL V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Accept no substitute for "Golden
Medical Discovery." The sole motive
for substitution is to enable the dealer
to make the little more profit paid on
the 6ale of less meritorious medicines.
"Three years a«> I had the grip," write* Mrs.
Tlllie Lianey. of Gravel - Switch. Marion Co..
Kentucky. "It settled on my lungs, and the
doctor said I had consumption* I look six bot-
tles of 'Golden Medical Discover)-/ and am
thankful to Bay I am entirely well. Y"« n;ay
print this letter if you see fit to do so." ,
. Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets keep tiie
bowels in healthy activity* • -...-"/
H We are having another clean up in hats—have I
I taken all our rough finished Fedoras and Golf shapes 1
R which are worth $1.25— they have sold regularly for |
U this price — and put them on the counters to sell for |
>s3U^^ 1
They are rough finished like the picture, come in |
stitched and plain crowns— colors: brown, gray, ox- i
ford and cedar. You can see the hats in our window |
'near the Market-street entrance. g
Don't forget that we sell Golf Caps at 10c, and |
they come in an immense assortment; they are made - : ; I
H frpm tailoring remnants. v v B
H . Out'Of'iown orders filled — write us.
i fc :'T18 Market Street.- BtONDON, Feb. 10.— In the House of
Commons to-day War Secretary Brod
rick confirmed the report that . the Gov
ernment had decided to withdraw the
British troops at Wei-Hai-Wei and to pro
ceed no further with building fortifica
tions at that place. . /.:, '«-.
In the House of Lords the Under Sec
retary for the Colonial Office, Lord On
slow, referring to the Government's in
tention to withdraw the British troops
from Wel-Hal-Wei, added the information
that the Government had no intention of
giving up so valuable a colony as Wei-
Hai-Wei. It was extremely useful as a
small-arms store, for gunning practice
and as a sanitarium. The naval and mil
itary officials there had every reason to
believe Wei-Hai-Wei would become in
creasingly useful and valuable.
The. Chinese regiment at Wei-Hai-Wel
would be I gradually disbanded. It had
been found that the position could only
be fortified at a great expense. The Co
lonial Office took over the administration
of the place January 1. The rumors that
Wei-Hai-Wei would be returned to-- China
or handed over to .any other, powet were
entirely unfounded. The decision had been
reached from ¦ the view-point of naval
strategy, and there had been an extraor
dinary consensus of naval cpinlon'in: favor
of the course adopted. : ..." J .
The bill further provides imprisonment
not exceding ten years for all who threat
en, advise or instigate such assassination,
and authorizes* the Secretary of War to
detail a guard from the army to protect
the President and assist the secret serv
ice. The bill is different In its general
features from that reported last week by
the. House Committee on Judiciary, but
Its purpose and penalties are the same,
and there is little 'doubt that the two
houses will be able to reach a" prompt
agreement.
The Senate Committee on Judiciary to
day authorized Senator' Hoar to report
the bill prescribing the death penalty for
all persons who shall attempt the life of
the President or any official in line of
succession, or who shall aid such assas
sin to escape capture; also for any one
who shall attempt in this country the
life of the chief ruler of another nation.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— There is no
longer any doubt that Congress will pass
a bill before the close of the present ses
sion- imposing heavy punishments upon
persons assassinating or instigating the
death o,f a President or any official lu
the line of succession of his office. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wei-Hai-Wei.
Troops, However, Will
' Be Withdrawn From
Congress Intends to Im
pose Some Severe ,!
Penalties.
ANTI-ANARCHIST
BILL WILL PASS
BRITAIN HOLDS
ON TO COLONY
Sell.'Tesla Briquettes, $0 per ton." Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and grate. - ~ Phone
South 05 about them. •-.:
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
The' State Board of Bank Commission
ers issued a license yesterday for the "es
tablishment of the Dollar: Savings Bank
and Trust Company in the city of Loa
Angeles. The authorized capital \ of the
new institution is $200,000. of which $50,000
has* already been -paid in. W. W. Mead
has been chosen president of the corpora
tion.
Issues. License" for New Bank.
Reagan. -..-,. .15.434 163 15,271
! Edward I. "Walsh is now 219 votes' ahead
of George Alpers and John Coghlan is
49 votes ahead of Fred Eggers in, the* re
count of the votes cast for Supervisors at
the.last election. The precincts counted
yesterday, the Eleventh- and Twelfth of
the Thirty-seventh and the Fifteenth of
the Forty-fourth, increased Walsh and
Coghlan's leads by eight votes. Seventy
four precincts counted up to date leave
the following named candidates in the
following positions: ¦ '
« ' '.. Official Loss to Present
. . Vote. Date. Standing.
Braunhart.. 16,749 347 16.402
Payot 16,571 .' ' 314 16,257
Wilson ;. ......16,517 > 834 " 16.123
Bent .16.112 41»5 15.687
Kffgers ...: 15,953 465 . 15.488
Alpers ".: 15,040 , 431 .. .15.509
Walsh 15,886 15S 15,728 '
Coghlan .......... .15,686 14ft 15,537 .
Finn ..........15,595 148 15,447
Lyons..: ...15,574 180 15,304
Alrd .15,525 - 160 "15,361'
Alpcrs and Eggers Continue Losing
in the Contest for- Their
Seats. •
WALSH AND COGHLAN
INCREASE THEIR LEADS
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10.— Senator
Quarles to-day reported the permanent
census bill agreed upon by the Census
Committee Saturday.
Census Bill Reported.
When Jailer Coateworth locked up- the
prisoners for the night McBride hid on
top of the cage. Later he secured an iron
bar from a dismantled cell and dug
through the brick wall. Then he secured
a horse, rode to the depot and caught a
treijrht train.
McBride -is about 23 yeaxs old, five feet
eight Inches tall and weighs 160 pounds.
HELENA, Mont?," Feb. 10.— Th'e town of
Fort Benton, the county seat of Choteau
County, was thrown Into an tiproar this
morning by the discovery 'that John Me-
Bride, held on a charge of stealing - a
band of sheep at Havre,, had broken jail
during the night. A reward ; has been
offered for his capture and «very effort
is being made to trace him. - .
SoeciaJ DUDetck tor The jOJl.
The Idea of private ownership in water apart
from land cannot prevail without creating In
stitutions essentially feudal in " character. To
give- to companies or individuals the control
of " streams and make the farmers who use
those streams dependent for their lights on the
conditions which the companies Impose in pri
vate . contracts. Is to make the water company
the practical owner of the land it serves and
the irrigator and farmer a tenant. A propo
sition which would contemplate turning: over
all the land of the West to private monopo-'
ltes ajid making those who have homes upon It
¦•dependent upon these monopolies would not
command popular supjxirt, but the Idea/of* pri
vate ownership In water, amounting tola vlr-'
tual monopoly of this vital element, has been
permitted to grow up In some sections; of the
West. .To a certain extent It has obtained rec
ognition in leclKlation and protection , In .Judi
cial decrees and decisions. ,;Such- ; a'doctrlne
meets with no favor in other irrigated lands,
and should in tbls country give place to the
The report deals at considerable length
with agricultural and engineering prob
lems,, legal and social problems, irrigation
laws aad the organization of irrigation
industries. Regarding water rights, the
report says: , . ¦*
The work in this region has followed two
general lines — agricultural and { engineering,
legal and social. Of these the legal and social
problems- present' the greatest difficulties and
stand most in need of an early solution. The
success -of irrigated agriculture in this region
requires, first of all, the creation of institu
tions which shall offer a Just and adequate
foundation for future development. Such a
foundation requires that the users' right to
streams must be clearly defined in order that
those who now use streams and those who ex
pect to use them may understand how much
of the' water supply Is appropriated and how
much remains open to appropriation. The liti
gation and controversy which now menace com
munities, and which are a constant source of
anxiety and loss to irrlgators, should be brought
to an end. In order to effect these desirable
reforms a knowledge of certain essential facts
is required. Among those are the quantity of
water required to grow crops, the losses from
seepage and evaporation In distribution, the
character of the control over streams already
vested and the kind of administrative meas
ures needed to Insure ', effective divisions of
streams among the multitude of users who de
pend thereon. Specific information along these
Iine3 is indispenslble to wl6e and effective
action in the future either by the Government
or by individuals. It is the information which
should have been gathered at the outset of
this development, but the long delay In its
collection renders it all" the more urgent that
it be carried on now to an early and effective
completion. .
Users' Bights Must Be Defined.
The humid region, as generally described, in
cludes all of the United States westward to a
line which would cross Nebraska and Kansas
about half way between their eastern and west
ern bordere. The sub-humid region lies be
tween the humid and arid regions, .extending
from the Gulf of Mexico to Canada, and Includ
ing- irregular areas in the different Pacific
Coast States, while the arid region includes all
the territory lying west of the eastern eub
humld belt, with a considerable exception along
the Pacific Coast, and with .smaller local areas
In each of the arid States. Irrigation is em
ployed as an aid to agriculture In all of these
regions. It is a necessity in the arid region,
of great value in the sub-humid district and Is
proving highly profitable in .the growing of
certain crops in the humid region. There are
also large areas in the, recently acquired insu
lar possessions of the United States where irri
gation is required, and where the value of the
products permits of a large outlay to provide
for its use. The greater part of the Irrigation
work of this office has been carried on in the
region where farming is impossible without the
artificial application of water to crops. This
includes* all of the Territories of Arizona and
New Mexico, the States or Colorado, Utah,
Nevada, Montana and Wyoming, and large
parts of California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho,
North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kan
sas and Texas. The greater* attention paid to
the problems of this section of the country is
justified by the fact that here irrigation, is a
necessity rather than a valuable adjunct to
agriculture. It measures agricultural settle
ment and very largely controls the develop
ment of other industries, because both the cost
and. comfort of living are very largely deter
mined by the production of a- home food sup
ply. In the regions further east the adoption
of irrigation is determined by whether or not
it will Improve conditions already favorable,
but Jn the arid region it ie the choice between
civilization and desert conditions..
'""CALL'BUBEAU, 1406 Q STREET.- N..
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Elwbod
Mead, irrigation expert in charge, of the
office of experiment stations, has filed a
lengthy report with the Secretary of the
Interior on. the scope and purpose of the
irrigation investigations. With relation to
rainfall, Expert Mead says the -territory
of" the. United States is divided Into three
divisions — the humid, the sub-humid and
the arid. Geographically these regions
are arranged from east to west, although
no exact line can be drawn separating
them. -.The report says: - - ;
Ejjeclal Dispatch to The Call.
When this principle Is adopted, the control of
;water is divided like the control of land among
a multitude of proprietors; water monopoly Is
impossible, and : no other abuse or injustice
is encouraged. Years of experience In other
lands and the limited experience of this coun
try have abundantly proven that peaceful and
orderly development cannot be realized except
as water and land are united in one ownership
and canals treated as public or seml-publlc
utilities rather than as a means of fastening
a vicious monopoly upon communities.
After referring at great length to lrri-'
gatlon in the humid portions of the United
States, and in -the Insular possessions of
the United States, the report concludes:
It Is impossible for Congress to legislate re
garding water rights "within States without
revolutionizing existing conditions in some of
the States and without Interfering with vested
rights. A commission could determine what
proportion of a stream should flow down from
the State above to the State below and leave It
to the authorities of the State above to deter
mine what measures Ehall be taken to accom
plish this result, and to the authorities of the
State below to determine what shall be done
with the water when they receive it Jn this
way there would be no Interference with vest
ed rights or with State codes of laws, while
at the same time there would be a far better
prospect of securing a Just and effective divis
ion of the supply than through Interstate liti
gation.
Congressional Aid Is Required.
Up to th% time darkness covered thf
ocean to-night no big craft which could
have rendered assistance was seen within
two miles of the burning vessel. The life
saving crews had not returned up to 11
o'clock to-night. The vessel seems to be
burned to the water line.
more Just conception that right to water should
be restricted to the right of use, and that
ownership should not be vested in either com
panies or individuals, but in the land Itself.
As soon as the crews of the live-saving
stations at Cape May Point, Cold Springs
and Turtle Gut Inlet saw the fire they
manned their yawls and attempted to go
to the assistance of the sailors on
the schooner. Ice prevented the crews
from reaching the schooner, but it is be
lieved from what can be seen through
glasses that the men are in their small
boats floating around in the ice waiting
for assistance.
masted schooner, the name of which nas
not been learned, was burned at sea to
night. The flre, which was plainly visible
from here, started about 5 o'clock this af
ternoon and burned until after 9 o'clock.
The schooner came to a point about six
miles off shore in a a northeast direction
from Cape May lighthouse during Satur
day night and was caught in the ice fields
floating out of Delaware Bay.
CAPE MAT, N. J., Feb. 10.— A three-
Young Prisoner's Bold
Escape From a Mon
tana JaiL
Expert Mead Opposes
• Private Ownership ox c,'
' *r Streams." >
Caught in the Ice Off
Cape May.
Vessel Takes Fire While
SHEEP THIEF
BURROWS OUT
SCHOONER BURNS
TO WATER LINE
WATER RIGHTS
AND IRRIGATION
The habeas corpus case : of Ma Foo, the
name given by the old Chinaman substi
tuted for young Ma Foe Vby Expressman
John! Duffy, will be; taken before United
States Court ¦ Commissioner Heacock on
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock. Duffy's
case will be heard at the same time. The
Chinaman persists in his declaration that
he is Ma Foo, 46 years old, and that he
arrived on the Doric last 'August. He de
nied .that • he was acquainted ¦ with i Pon
Toy," the Chinaman ¦ mentioned ; as " having
employed Lawyer O. P. ¦ Stidger to insti
tute the habeas co rpua proceedings. .
Ma Foo's Case Heard.
Inspector Benninger. seized . a piece of
silk concealed in the, forecastle •: of the
British steamer Doric. .. . .
Surveyor Spear made formal complaint
yesterday to Customs Collector Stratton
of Captain Scott of the British ship Re
hane for bringing in fifty- nine cases I of
Scotch-- whisky .that; were in excess of
the ii ship's . store. Captain Scott ' will i be
obliged . to bring the whisky ashore and
nay- the duty. . . ¦'¦¦„¦
• ¦ M '-":T~ -•-u^iur.-v--, .-.•¦
Shortly- before the • steamer Tucapel
sailed yesterday a customs inspector saw
a man named • Nult : walking . down- the
gangplank carrying in his hand a hand
kerchief full of cigars. As he had r made
no effort at concealment he was not ar
rested, but was obliged by. the -customs
inspector to return with the cigars to the
steamer, which he . did. A. short time ¦ aft
erward a woman j who proved to be Mrs !
Nult, the man's : wife, was detected by
Customs Inspectress : Mrs. 1 S. E. Adams
passing a bundle over the .railof the
steamer to- her husband. Mrs. Adams
seized the package, which contained 184
cigars. She then took Mrs. Nult into the
cabin, and searched ' her for smug-eled
goods, but .was unable to find any Mrs
Nult was • released' and the cigars were
confiscated. . . . ;¦ ; . ; . .>..->.,
Contraband the
Steamer Tucapel.
Bold. Attempt to' Bring Ashore Some
SADIE ADAMS STOPS ./
A FEMALE SMUGGLER
"The disaster which to-day has befallen
the City. Savings Bank Is the result of
criminal irregularities confined entirely to
that institution- and caused by the rash
speculation of its vice president, who con
trolled the management and, betrayed his
trust. The bank has been expelled from
the association. .The officers of this asso
ciation desire to state to the public that
there is no need of apprehension regard
ing any other, bank in the city. The pres
ent condition of the banks, as shown by
the weekly statements furnished the
Clearing-house, reveals . an unusually
strong showing in reserve and cash re
sources, and the fair name and .'good rep
utation of the banks of Detroit will not
suffer by this trouble."
There was nothing like a panic at any
of the other banks in this city, and com
paratively. few deposits were withdrawn
as a result of the excitement At the
Gratiot-avenue branch of the City Sav
ings Bank, which drew its deposits large
ly from the laboring people, i there were
pathetic scenes as the depositors learned
that the bank had suspended.- Policemen
were in the, vicinity to quell any disorder,
but their services were not necessary at
any time. - . : - ¦:.¦¦'.¦
SALT LAKE. Utah, Feb. 10.— The sus
pension of the City Savings Bank of De
troit has resulted in the closing down of
operations at two prominent Utah mines—
the Ophir at Statellne and the Tiewaukee
at Bingham. F. C. Andrews, vice presi
dent of the suspended Detroit Bank, was
heavily interested in these properties,
both of which are considered valuable.
The close-down will be temporary.
At a meeting of the Clearing-house As
sociation this afternoon the following
statement on the suspended institution
was issued: • -
Criminal Irregularities.
"F. C. Andrews would draw a check in
the amount, he wantedland have it cer
tified by the cashier, Henry R. .Andrews.
He would present this certified check to
the person with whom he was doing
business and ask him to hold it out for
that day, as the bank ' was not in funds
to meet it. Perhaps he would thus hold
it out' for two or three days, and eventu
ally, when there was . money enough in
the bank to meet the check, he would
go in and take.it out. There would be
only a slip of paper in . the drawer, - and
the withdrawal would be put down as a
cash item. With this money he would
in person pay the certified check ' and
tear it up. This . -was done time and
again." . ;
The City Savings Bank was the depos
itory for the. funds of the County Audit
ors, their balance there being more than
$150,000, and F. C- Andrews was arrested
this afternoon on a complaint sworn out
by* Auditor Christian after a long confer
ence betwen the Auditors and Prosecutor
Hunt. The warrant was served on An
drews, who Is Commissioner of Police, by
two of his detectives in the office of the
Detroit Trust Company, where he had
been in consultation with officers of the
banks holding his certified checks. The
City Savings Bank was also the deposi
tory for the Board of Education, which
had a total of $467,000 on deposit. . Other
local banks will temporarily advance
funds to the Board of Education for sal
aries and running expenses.
How Andrews Operated.
As soon as Commissioner Maltz took
charge ot the institution he. began an
examination of its books. It waa found
that Cashier Andrews had permitted F.
C. Andrews to overdraw his account
$yl4,000. Other liabilities brought F. C.
Andrews' total indebtedness to the bank
up to $1,158,000. ' In audition to this Cash
ier Andrews had certified to . checks for
F. C. Andrews, • which he had deposited
in banks, to the amount of *662,ouO. At
the close of his examination Commis
sioner Maltz to-night issued the follow
ing statement of trie bank's condition at
the close of business February- 8:
Resources — Total loans and discounts,
bonds, mortgages and securities, $2,363,
093; overdrafts, $913,853; real estate, $10,889;
cash in banks, *288,697; other assets,
$18,922. ¦
Liabilities— Stock, surplus and undivid
ed profits, $225,212; deposits.- $3,370,251.
The' examination showed that the rec
ord of F. C. Andrews' transactions was
not kept in the regular way, but in a
memorandum book. The first record of a
transaction between Cashier Andrews
and F. G. Andrews is January ; 11, but-the
examiners estimate that the transactions
have been going on for about- six weeks.
President F. C. Pingree explained the
maner in which the certified checks were
obtained, as follows: - . .
Examination of the Books.
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. 10.— Vice Presi
dent Frank C. Andrews of the City
Savings Bank, - which has been in the
hands-, of State Banking Commissioner
George I* Maltz since this morning, was
arrested late this ' afternoon, ! and ar
raigned at 9:30 o'clock to-night on the
charge of "willfully, fraudulently and
knowingly" securing from the ¦• banK,
• without security and without the knowl
edge of the other directors a sum ex
ceeding $1,000,000. He was released on
$10,000 bail, and his examination was set
lor February 2L Cashier Henry R. An
drews, through whom F. C. Andrews Is
said to have secured the money by means
of overdrafts and' certified checks, is
seriously ill at his home with nervous
prostration, in addition to a total in
debtedness to the City Savings Bank of
$1,158,000, to secure wnich Ahurews • has
signed over to that institution all his
real estate holding:? and- stocks, bonds
and other securities, which It is estimat
ed will total about $1,000,000, four local
banks and a trust company hold his
checks, certified to by Cashier Andrews,
to the amount of $662,000. A considerable
number of these checks are protected by
securities deposited with them by An
drews, i . "•
The great East-street shops were built
nearly thirty-five* years ago by Whitely,
Fassler & Kelly, of which company Wil
liam N. i Whitely was the « dominating fac
tor. The shops at, the time of their com
pletion were the second, largest in the
world, being rivaled only by the great
Krupp gun works at Essen, Germany. •
The company . losses are estimated as
follows: Owen Machine Tool Company,
$60,000; Champion Chemical Company, $30,
000; Springfield Foundry Company, $30,000;
Indianapolis .Frog and Switch Company,
$50,000; Miller Gas'Englne Company, $30,
000; Green Manufacturing Company, $5000;
Krell French Piano Company, $150,000.
The insurance is $130,000 on the con
tents and" for Senator Fairbanks on the
building, $110,000, a total of $240,000.
Dayton was asRed : 'to send help] The
Warder, Bushnell & Glossner Company's
fire department; assisted.
A company of the National Guards was
on duty to keep away the dense crowds
and marauders. Four freight cars of the
Detroit and Southern Railway Company
were totally destroyed and many others
ruined. ; . ' . .'
SPRINGFIELD, O., Feb. 10.— The larg
est fire in the history of Springfield broke
out in the ; Champion Chemical plant of
the East-street shops to-day, and in an
hour and a -half twelve manufacturing
plants were in total ruins. The esti
mated loss is: $1,400,000. The fire started
from the explosion of some chemicals in
the Champion Chemical plant. The fire
companies were greatly handicapped by
the light pressure of water. Ten firemen
were caught in the office of the Krell
French Piano Company, and to get out
rolled down, the steps and jumped out of
a window.
Springfield's Big Fire.
A well-informed insurance man said to
day that it would be safe to say that the
property lost In the fire was insured
at about two- thirds of Its value, or • per
haps a little more.
It is understood that the insurance on
public property will not figure higher
than 35 per cent. • •
Mayor Hinchliffe said to-night:
"It will not be necessary for us to ap
peal for financial aid outside of Pater
son. Only three applicants went to the
Armory building last night for assistance,
and all- these cases have been cared for."
r Mulling & Co..- $75,000: -R. D. Morehead,
tailor, $20,000; Four and Eight Cent Store,
$20,000; Bishop & Irwin, dry goods, $50,000;
Mrp. Cannon, Jewelry. $20,000; Rhodes, crock
ery, $40,000; Hendrlckson, millinery. $15,000;
J. A. Van Winkle, hardVare, $75,000; Lloyd's
Fireworks, $35,000; Woolworth, five and ten
cent store, $50,000; Van Dyke, teas and cof
fees, $75,000; Quackenbush & Co., department
store, $500,000; G. M. Elliott, Jewelry, ,,$10, 000;
Norwood & Co., paints, $30,000; John Ingalla
Jr., stationery, $20,000; Tints, dry goods, $10,
000; Globe Store, department store; $150,000:
Franklin House, hotel, $65,000: White &
O'Hara, leather findings, $10,000; Allen &
Dunn, wholesale tobacco. $25,000; Harrison &
Co., furniture, '$10,000; Kinne building, $10,000;
W. H. Beck, Jewelry, $10,000; Thomas Gray,
saloon, $15,000; Schleper,' grocer, $70,000; Pat
erson Savings Institution, $75,000; Schoon
maker & Co., clothing. $10,000; Scheur & Co.,
grocers, $225,000; Marshall & Ball, clothiers,
$50,000; Paris Cloak Company, $25,000; Lauters,
pianos "$15,000; Pearson Department Store,
$26,000; National Clothing Company, $10,000;
Muzzy Bros., willow ware, etc., $300,000; Boston
Store, department . store, $450,000; Klnsella,
drugs, $35,000; J. H. Hammond, dry goods,
$25,000; Kent, drugs, $30,000; James Miller,
confectionery, $10,000; Helvetia Hall, $15,000;
car eheds. $60,000; City Hall. $250,000; library,
$100,000; old city hall. $35,000; high school,
$25,000; public school, $10,000; police station,
fire house etc., $10,000; Faterson National
Bank, $100,000; First National Bank. $125,000;
Paterson Savings Bank, $27,000; Second Na
tional Bank, $35,000; Paterson Trust Company.
$30,000; Hamilton Trust Company, $10,000; Silk
City Trust. $12,000; First Baptist Church. $45,
000; Second Presbyterian Church, $50,000; St.
Joseph's Church (Catholic), $225,000; St. Mark's
Episcopal Church. $45,000; Park-avenue Baptist
Churck. $35,000; Hamilton Club, $75,000; Odd
Fellows' Hall. $40,000; Continental Hall, $10,
000- Y. M. C. A., $35,000; Progress .Club,
$10,000; Knights j of Columbus, $22,000;
' Besides these there were buildings about
the City Hall and vicinity as offices, the
losses on which will foot up to about a
million dollars.
Mayor ¦ Hinchliffe said to-night that he
thought the loss would reach at least $8,
000,000. Absolutely no list of the losses,
even an estimate, has been made up -for
the section east of the Erie Railroad.
Following Is a list of. the, estimates of
the business section. It is Approximately
correct.- It does not, however, take into
account .the many, tenements:' •••'•• ¦¦ s
Loss Is Eight Millions.
The work of clearing up' the burned dis
trict has not begun; but the firemen were
busy until night with repairers and dyna
mite, tearing down the shaky walls that
endangered those who had to be inside
the burned area. So well did this work
progress that in the afternoon the public
was permitted in the ruins and sentries
were posted - at those important .points,
keeping the crowd moving. Thousands
passed about the choked -up streets and
reviewed the ruins during the two hours
and a half allowed them. At the expira
tion of the time the sentries in. the center
of. the section began moving outward and
gathering up the extra men at each step,
sopn had the entire section cleared. ; , ,
Burled beneath the ruins of ' the City
Hall were found the safes'- which -be
longed to the Controller's office, and; aldo
the -papers, legal documents and public
records -were found. unharmed. . The safes
of the Passalc "Water Company", r under
the. ruins of the building which stood at
107, and; 109. Washington street, 'were de
stroyed and the only part of their con
tents recovered was $500 in silver. J
The greatest tangle In city affairs will
be in the Tax Office. So far as can be
ascertained, ¦ the records of . the depart
ment are destroyed. • There is a set of
books which shows. the valuation,- etc.. of
each piece of property in the city, and
the Assessors have their field books, from
which all this could be duplicated with
out overmuch work. 'It is said, however,
that it is almost certain the records
showing. who paid their taxes and who
had not are destroyed, and that there is
not in existence anything from which the
information could be obtained.
Money and securities said to amount to
$3,000,000* were recovered from the . two
huge vaults under the ruins of the First
National' bank this afternoon. ' Books; pa
pers, bullion and paper money, were found
uninjured. • . • . . . '¦ .
PATERSON, N. ! J. , ; Feb. • 10,— A . feeling
of confidence In the ' future • pervades the
minds : of. citizens of ¦ Paterson • to-night.
Mayor HliichltJTe has the situation -well In
hand, and to an 'offer for assistance^ which
came from Mayor Low* of New York an
answer was returned containing thanks
and the assurance that Peterson is man
aging to care for those in need. •
Springfield, Ohio, Is Also Visited by
a Conflagration .That Causes ;N
Great Damage at a Big. .' j
. * : k Plant. ' ' ; f "
Peculating Official/Who Is Also a
Police Commissioner of De
» troit, Is Placed Under
Arrest.
Aided by the Cashier, = F. O.
Andrews Juggles With
Certified Checks.
Revised Estimates Show the
Loss Will Be Ei^ht ¦¦ !
Millions. k
Paterson Takes Care of
Those Made Needy
by Fire.
Out, Million With
out Security. •
Vice" President Takes
BURNED CITY
REFUSES ALL
ASSISTANCE
BANK WRECK
IS DUE TO
DISHONESTY
THE SA1SV FRANCISCO frCALIi^ TUESDAY,: FEBRUART Ii; 19O2.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AH persons Fufferins: with colds, sore
throat, bronchial troubles, catarrh etc
0 " P r - H al P r «ner at his office!
28 California st.. between 1 and 4 o'clock
pvery afternoon, except Saturdays and
Sundays.
Dr. Halpruner gives trial treatments
free to demonstrate the quickly curing ef-
fects of his wonderful medicine
¦ A -Jarge bottle of Halpruner's sent "by
prepaid expressage to any part of the
United States upon receipt of $1.
Trial Treatment Free.
Is on sale at all druggists at 50c and
$1 a bottle, the dollar size containing
three times the quantity of the small
size. Don't let the druggist talk you
out of it — some of them will, if they
can. Halpruner's is really the medi-
cine you ought to have if you suffer
with rheumatism, and it is the only
medicine we know of that will give you
almost immediate relief and cure you
permanently. It i s a medicine that is
made out of barks, oils, herbs, etc., to
bring about a cure— that is what you
want and that is what you will get if
you take it right.
/falpruner's
Some people have suffered with
rheumatism many years of their life
and get no relief from •doctors' pre-
scriptions and advertised c-res. But
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine is
certainly remarkable in cases of . rheu-
matism, as the following: letter from
a young lady in . Oregon certainly
proves. She suffered for nearly eleven
years with muscular rheumatism with-
out any relief until she tried Hai-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine — two
bottles, costing $2, cured- her. - and she
was glad to say so: _, .
Having suffered terribly with muscular
and Inflammatory . rheumatism for. about
eleven years, and last January I had It
bo bad I could hardly walk. But through
the advice of my uncle I sent to Dr. Hal-
pruner for some of his wonderful rheu-
matism medicine. He sent me two II
bottles, which I have taken Internally
as per directions. My rheumatism has all
disappeared, and I feel thoroughly cured.
My advice to any person :who may be suf-
fering with rheumatism 1e to purchase
Dr. Halpruner's wonderful medicine from
their druggist and use it strictly accord-
ing to directions, and it will positively
cure them. You are welcome to use this
Wter if It will be of any benefit. Very
respectfully yours,
MISS EVA JACKSON.
Marquam, Clackamas County, Oregon.
Rheumatism is one of the most pain-
ful and difficult diseases it is possible to
cure.
Rheumatism
Cured With 2 Bottles.
Is a Model, a Modern Home Treatment
y twenty years of study are shown In th!s grand appliance. Tou wear It- with 'com-
fort at ntsrht, and the Electricit'V Infused Into your body cures all Nervous and Vital
Trouble. Kidney and ' Bladder Troubles, Rheumatism, Lane Back, . Indigestion. Weak
Stomach -and all forms of, pain and weakness. • It restores the life while you sleep and
must cure. . ¦ . . . r
¦ 'Do,VOU sufferf 'If so don't hesitate, don't waste your time on drugs, which give
no. strength. Wear .this life-giving. appliance as I direct and It will cure you. Come and
see me to-day. See what has been done for others. Test It free, get my free advice
and follow It. You. will find it the road to health.
PFAfl K Y HOIK * have a book which every man should read (one for women also>.
MjRV i'- l uvvn.' it tells. facts that are of Interest to every man who wants to re-
main young in vitality at any age. • Send for this book to-day,if youcan't call. I mail
it, sealed, free.-. If you call I will give you a free test Remember, my belt does not
burn, though you 'feel the current and can regulate it. I warrant it to give a strong cur-
rent for years, though no man who uses it right needs it over three months. Cut this out anl
jact to-day. ¦ ¦• .... ...
P A TTTITfl'M ' Beware of medical concerns otferins: "Electric Belts Free." This
[¦All I III II rofferisonlya trick to foist a package of medicines upon you
UI1U A1U11 c 0 D Wrlte tQ me for an exp ] anatlon O f tfce trick.
Offics Hourji-8 n . .. n mm i . i i|s 1 1 ¦ |.| : 7Oi2 MARKET
s^?»ft dr. M.c, Mclaughlin, s c ;
< NOTE — When you'use/Dr. McLaughlln's Electric . Belt you are under the care of a
physician. - Agents or drug stores are never allowed to sell these goods.
Electric Belt
Sick and Weak People: I ;"can efcre
with Electricity, '"a^ I- hive cured
thousands of. others. I can ttiatce the
blood circulate in your * veins, >ihe
nerves tingle with vigorous life and the
spirit of energv show itself in every
move of your body. I have told you
that Electricity is "Life," and now'all
scientists and doctors are approving
my claim. Let me, prove it to. you;
let me show you how my method', of
applying this great power has revolu-
tionized medical treatment.
Dr. McLaughlin's
IS HEALTH AND STRENGTH.
MEN, WOMEN, HERE
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
J^ ' THE CHILDREN ENJOY if! j
; :;^^T** Life out of doors and out of the games which they play and the enjoy- •'£Ts?%
*%Q?ky ment which they receive and the efforts which they make, comes the.. C^*v
••^>^rJP greater part of that healthful development which is so essential to their .-Jf^ ''
' ?-v^qJ> "j happiness when grown. When a laxative is needed the remedy which is . 'i^W^.
*:7-' />"/ given to them to cleanse and sweeten and. strengthen the internal organs ~'&$Pffi
if/ oa which it acts, should be. such as. physicians would sanction, because its A' ~- ; ¦:£;•"
iff component parts are known to be wholesome and the remedy itself free from • l%.^*'-:&
lit every objectionable quality. The one remedy which physicians and .parents, - <££?&£?£
v fir- . " well-informed, approve and recommend and which the little ones enjoy, ' Vvv'? 7 '
Uj because of its pleasant flavor, its gentle action and its beneficial effects, is— A \"'^V$\
Syrup of Figs— and for the same reason it is the only laxative which should v«.,V£y%-
<-52y^ ''?¦. De used by fathers and mothers. ..i^>;<££-.
r^):y*v Syrup of Figs is the only remedy which acts gently, pleasantly and - ?^^\^J
'"-^i-i- naturally without griping-, irritating, or nauseating- and which Cleanses the ~^
i Q^-.^c system effectually, without producing that constipated habit which results l^'^jfi
: *?*§<%£*>£¦ from the use of the old-time cathartics and modern imitations, and against i j-jp "'-¦
V*^.-^' which the children should be so carefully guarded. If you would have them '^^p^Pi
i '.». fi gxow to manhood and womanhood, strong, healthy and happy, do not g-ive *&£'f^\r&
f-^r^it^ them medicines, when medicines are not needed, and' when nature needs :^J %$*''
assistance in the way of a laxative, give them only the simple, pleasant and^ ,*..'~"X.
V^geSSSM gentle— Syrup of Figs. . . . . :. . '¦"' " \
V^"*^3?i Its quality is due not only to the excellence of the combination of the i
• f^^d^Z? 1 ' laxative principles of plants with : pleasant aromatic syrups and juices, but 7*^ >i 's%/
"fPi tf , also to our original method of manufacture and as you value the health of
% |g the little ones, do not accept any of the substitutes which unscrupulous deal- * $>*' |
ers sometimes offer to increase ; their profits. The genuine article may be S?^> V
V:\ - bought anywhere of all reliable druggists at fifty^ cents per bottle, i Please A
e . V. '""' ' to remember, the full name of the -Company — v .. ••
-s]>^ r^\S> C ALIFORNIA'i FIG SYR.UP CO.- is printed on 2$$^v
: ~^^O^TV'^-vi 0"V the front : of every pack- ¦;'. V : - ' . ., &Xry*f
¦ x f^V i H-Kl>S'iJ--+* "\ V k 8e- In order to get its k 'S©S\ r'/>^
V^C [TrS-r^v^Oi beneficial effects it is al- cJr-~* t 4k: J Ai <•* £''•*"££>£'*•••
fc^^A V-( <T/v : i i:> ways necessary to . buy fW- AV/^ 1^ j'** "V' 1^'
<^^yW^- !^ thegenuineonly> r^'^^-^dHfflk- 7 ; P
t fi '-'"*?~+ J •¦¦•¦•. ...... ...3- ?¦.-. /• ...• <-
Some reasons for
our big values in
made=to=order suits j
, The larger N the business; the smaller
the cost of doing business. What is
saved in running a big.Jstore can be given
to the customer and the store will still I
, have a fair i profit. This is : a simp'e, j.
self-evident rule in. merchandising. |
It is the keynote .of our made-to- j
order department. . We count on small
profits :bul numbers; of them through
-our many vorders.
j. r '.Our made-to-order suits at $10 are a good
. example; of this principle. We would be pleased to
give you samples of these garments. '
Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing fitted— satisfactory fit
• assured through our self-measuring system — write for samples. i
718 Market St. and
vCop. Powell & Eddy Streets
I HIMIWBHJfi|tfl|rflttTMlPHfc^MIMFliB?fll^flfflfilHWHlH^F wtHBI If .
'ADVEBTISEMENTS.Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend's.*
Appreciate Their Sympathy.
Editor The Gall: Will you al\ow me,
through the columns of .The Call, to re
turn the heartfelt thanks of my daughter,
and myself for the very many expres
sions of sympathy/in the past few days.
I should not do this in this public man
ner were.it not- for the': fact that ; the
number of kindly messages received make
it utterly impossible to acknowledged 'We
appreciate these expressions of sympathy
at their- full value and hope that friends
will -accept this method of acknowledg
ment ~ of their _ gratefully . received sym
pathy and offers of assistance. ' Respect
fully, •; ;.-. :¦:¦-': W. w. STONE.
/ San Francisco, Feb. 8. . ',;
. "What was the "result?"
S e b£Bk ™ • pr T ted -"- cle^d
"You know that measly l|tle cur that
my wife made so much of?"
'. "The dog that bit me in the leg?"
"Yes. A motorman ¦ ran over and
killed him Yes. And I had to go down
to the railway office and report Ihe mo
torman so x he could , be promptly X
charsred. I went.'.' ,"•¦ l3^
Medium— I can . tel> you about a' burled
treasure. • . . • .
'Patron — Please don't! My husband is al
ways tooting, that In my ears.
MedIum T Does he know, anything about
a buried treasure? • -
Patron— Yes; his first wife.
"Well, this is remarkable," said Mrs.
Peck. "Here's an article | In the paper
about a Chicago couple who have been
married for fifty years and never had a
quarrel. The husband gives out a signed
statement to that effect. What do you—
Why, where is Henry?"
But Henry had gone to his room to
write a note of sympathy.— B#tlmors
Sun. • . - .•>/„¦? ¦
Casey— So poor Cassidy Is dead? Sure,
everybody -will miss him.
Flannigan— They will I He was the/only
mon in the war-rd thot everybody could
lick.— Puck.
MILEAGE— E. T.. City. The first Con
gress provided that each member should
receive, besides his pay, $6 for each twen
ty miles traveled going and returning in
1818 this was raised to $8. An act of 1S56
limited this to two sessions. In 1866 the
railroad having long since come in the
mileage was reduced to 20 cents a mile.
On the 22d of December, 1848, Horace
Greeley published in the Tribune a state
ment that the Government was being de
frauded on mileage in large sums the
amount in excess of legitimate charges
for the thirtieth Congress being vnSs*
While this expose caused considerable
ill feeling against him, it led to a revision
of the mileage matter and the abolition
of constructive mileage. This clasa of
mileage was an allowance for journeys
merely supposed to have been made, as
when Congress adjourns and a new Presi
dent takes Office or an: extra session is
called.
ACHANCb "lO-bMlLE
SAND BLAST— R. H. G.. City The
front of the house on California street
asked about Is being cleaned by means of
what is known as the sand blast. A lanre
quantity of well dried sand is forced
through a pipe by means of a fan blower
revolving at the rate of about 2000 times
a minute. This sand striking the stone
removes all the dirt and leaves the stone
as clean as when it came from the stone
cutter's hands'. In thus cleaning stone
care has to be taken that the force of
the blast be distributed evenly, as if left
too long in one position it would burrow
holes or make Indentations in tlv, Atone
NE\v" YORK, Feb. 10.— The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco— L. Marks and R. L. Knapp, at
the Vendome; E; R. Abadin, at the Hoff
man; W. Baker and wife and J. AV. Flynn
and wife, at the Holland; Dr.E.J. Creeley
and wife, at the Imperial; J. Fishel, at the
Herald Square; I. L. Gilbert, at the Cadil
lac; L. Greenbaum, ¦ at ' the; Netherland;
J. L. Johnson, at the Astor; H. R. Lip
man, at the Manhattan; Mrs. R. Prescott,
at the Victoria; L. B. Fletcher, at } the
Sturtevant. , ."
From Los Angeles— C. Andrews, at the
St. Denis; A; T. Crossley and wife, at the
Park Avenue.
From San Jose— C. Fountain, at the^ St.
Denis. , '
Californians in New York.
LANGUAGE OF NEGROES— G. W
McK., San Jose, Cal. There is no positive
information as to what was the original
language of the negroes, but It has been
asserted that It was the Bantu. That Is
the name given by ethnologists to a larga
group of languages spoken by a large
number of the people of Africa. It Is the
language at this time of the Kaffirs, Zulus
and of the people of the Galla and Somali
country. •
LICENSE— M., Phllo, Mendoclno Coun
ty, Cal. If you go from house to house
offering goods to sell and deliver such you
engage In the business of peddling, and
are liable for a license; but If you sell
goods by sample, the goods to be deliv
ered at a future time by the firm you rep
resent, you do rfot need a license.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford of Cali
fornia, who came here to file a motion to
dismiss the writ of %rror In'the Botkin
case in the Supreme Court, left for home
to-day. .The court not being in session,"
the motion wlll.be made by the Attorney
General of v Delaware on behalf of Ford
when the court next meets, February 24.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to-,
day: At the St. James— Fred G. Borst and
F. E. Brown and wife of Los Angeles.
At the National— William Kidston of San
Francisco. At the Raleigh— Miss Josie
Saalburg, S. W. Saalburg, H. L.. Johnson
and wife, S.: T. Bernhard and wife, T. ,L.
Form, J. H. Keith and wife and J. Bartle,
all of San Francisco. At the Wlllard—
Judge W. W. Morrow and: wife of San
Francisco.' *
Calif ornians in Washington.
MOURNING PAPER— G. G., City. Cus
tom sanctions the use of mourning paper
and envelopes during the period of mourn
ing, but of late years there are many
who discontinue the us© of such after tha
first week of mourning, believing: tfcat It
i3 not proper to make an ostentatious
show of grief.
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT— R. H.
G., City. The publications of the Munici
pal League, to be seen at the Free Public
Library, will give you a great deal of in
formation on city governments, officers
and their duties. The city charter may
assist you.
COWPEAS— C. H. C, Tancred, Tolo
County, Cal. Cowpeaa have been success
fully raised in California. As to time for
planting, soil, etc., write to the Experi
mental Agricultural Station, University
of California, Berkeley.
SUBJECTS— A. K. M., City. If : you will
call at the Free Public Library reference
room and make inquiry there you will be
furnished a book that will give you a
large number of subjects for debaters.
The clever inventor of the new method
is a native of Oakdale, and the son of
the Rev. >D. S. Stuart. HU line of sub
ject ranges from .landscape to fruit paint
ing, where the method Is equally well
used, says the Chicago enthusiast. He
has painted much in Alaska and in the
Yellowstone Park, and believes very thor
oughly in .the surpassing beauty of Amer
ican scenery.
The critic then explains the many vir
tues of aluminum as opposed to canvas,
and tells how the inventor subjected com
pleted pictures to the severest tests that
could be devised, placing one on a steam
radiator until it was almost redhot, then
throwing it Into a snowdrift, where it
was allowed to remain for- days, without
any apparent damage. Besides the ques
tion of permanence, Fox seems to think
that the artist has forever settled the
question of\an artistic base for oil palnt
ing-. He says the artistic effect produced
by the use of aluminum as a base shows
"a result so far beyond the range of pos
sibilities on canvas that no comparisons
can be drawn." r: ;; VV: ' , : 'J, : '^:
"Aluminum is imperishable; It Is non
corrosive, subject to none of the decay-
Ing characteristics of all other base met
als. It will endure until the 'heavens are
rolled in a scroll and the earth rocks on
its axis' at the day of doom. Canvas, at
best, is fragile, easily destroyed and is
highly susceptible to the atmospheric
conditions— moisture, which expands, and
heat, which contracts. By the never end
ing expansion and contraction operation,
to which every - canvas is subjected, the
rarest works of art. fall into decay and
must be restored or renovated from time
to time."
"J. Everett Stuart, a landscape painter
of rare genius, whose work is known
throughout the entire United States and
many of the leading European cities, has
uncovered an exhibition of marvelous
paintings done on aluminum.
A recent. copy of the. Chicago Times
devotes a column and a half to the in
vention of J. E. Stuart, a Calif ornlan art
ist, whereby the use .of aluminum as a
substitute for canvas .in oil painting has
been perfected. The Chicago critic, Fen
ton S. Fox^ waxes very enthusiastic over
the possibilities of the discovery. He
says in part:
"An imperishable art; an art that Is
destined to immortalize its creator; an
art so wonderful in its conception, treat
ment and far-reaching possibilities that
the critics are dumb with amazement and
artists stand aghast with envy or inca
pability to comprehend, has recently, come
to light In Chicago.
STATEHOOD— A. C. F., Lodi, San Joa
quin County. Cal. There is nothing in tha
law that says that a Territory shall hava
a certain number of inhabitants before it
can be admitted to statehood, • 1
Mme. Nordica left last evening in her
private car for Portland, Ore., where
she will give two concerts. She will re
turn later and appear in this city.
A. W. Maltby, a mining man of Butte,
Mont., N is here on a short business trip.
He has made his headquarters at the
Grand. .
C. A. Downs, a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is among the arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
H. M. La Rue, who was a Commis
sioner to the Paris Exposition? is a guest
at the Occidental.
George E. Goodwin, a- banker of
Napa, registered at the Palace yester
day. -
R. B. Butler, an oil promoter of Fresno,
is at the Grand. ¦¦¦•-¦:' •
General N.P,.Chipman of Red Bluff :s ;
at the Occidental..
J. ; M. Fulton, a mining man of Reno,
is at the California.
Dr. Landon R. Ellis of Tonopah, Nev.,
is .a • guest at -the Occidental.
W. H. McKenzie, a banker of Fresno,
is among the arrivals at the Lick.
Judge Frank H. Short, the well-known
attorney of Fresno, is at the Palace.
Judge .Stanton L. Carter of Fresno is
at the Lick.
• G. C. Freeman, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Lick. • - ¦
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS— C. M. R., Ala
meda, Cal. The Hawaiian Islands -wero
annexed to the United States by joint res
olution of Congress July 6, 1898. '.
ALUMINUM AS
A SUBSTITUTE
FOR CANVAS
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
..'¦•' •¦ . • 1 ¦ ¦ •¦ . ¦ •
r ¦ aerial tower proposed for the St. Louis Exposition
1 is said to be a combination of the Eiffel Tower, the cap-
I tive balloon and the Ferris wheel all in one, with many
- features added.
. -.-¦.' The tower ¦ consists of-two towers of steel. One of
them will be 200 feet in height, at the top of which is a plat
form 100 feet in diameter, capable of accommodating many
hundreds of people. The second platform will be 150 feet
from the ground- and 80 feet in diameter. The lower platform
will 'be- 10O feet -'from the ground and 70 -feet, in diameter.
Each landing, or platform, will be "encircled by a safety railing
three and one-half '. feet in height. A spiral stairway runs
from the bottom to the top of the main tower. The landing
at- the top will be covered with a waterproof canvas in the
form of a, circus tent. People on cither of these landings can
see for miles in any direction and set a good view of th«
fair grounds and buildings.
To one side of the main tower is a second structure of steel,
on. the top of which works a monster steel walking beam.
To one end is attached a car, square in shape, with a capacity
for fifty people, while just above the car is a representation
of a captive balloon. To the other end of the beam Is at
tached a double cable, which connects with an engine at tha
base of the tower. As the engine winds up this cable it ele->
vatesthe balloon car until it reaches the top landing of the
main tower, when the gates are thrown open and unloaded.
People may return by the car or they may descend . by' tha
stairway and get the view from each of the lower landings.
ILLUSTRATION REPRESENTS THE AERIAL TOWER THAT HAS BEEN PUNNED AS ONE OF THE AT
TRACTIONS OF .NEXT YEAR'S EXPOSITION. IT IS A COMBINATION OF THE FERRIS WHEEL AND
• EIFFEL TOWER, WITH ADDITIONAL FEATURES.
The cost of King Edward's coronation will be
large, but the taxpayers will get a much better show
for their money than, they are getting for the ex
penditures in South Africa.
The latest novelty report- from -Paris is that fash
ionable women -are wearing hand-painted, stockings,
some of which cost;$8oo'a pair/and it \would seem it
cannot be long now before short skirts 1 will be im-
In the Eastern States they no longer speak of cor
porate combination as "reorganization," but 'as
"remorganizaiion," and it is probable the new
phrase is more accurate as weir as more expressive.
Thefact that the Senatevoted to raise the salaries
of Federal Judges but refused to raise. those of its
own ; members may be taken as an . evidence that it
can be good when it tries, notwithstan ding it has had
such infrequent practice : in trying. ; ¦
President Eliot of Harvard has compiled a series
of statistical tables showing that victories or defeats
of colleges in athletic sports have 'no effect in in
creasing or diminishing the number of students; and
thus another American joke is knocked out of the
ring.
The people of New York are^clamoring for a cop
per coin of the value of 2^ cents. The argument is
that two railroad fares across Brooklyn bridge are
sold for s cents, but a single fare, for the wa"nt of a
2 l / 2 cent piece, is sold for 3 cents. Thus there is a
loss on each trip of a half cent, and as the numBer
of passengers in a year exceeds 50,000,000, the New
Yorkers argue that the need of the new coin is a
matter of urgency.
A French newspaper published in the French col
ony of Pondicherry is reported to have recently an
nounced to its readers that General Buller had been
captured by the Boers, and went on to add: "Generaf
Buller stood in a humble and suppliant attitude be
fore General Dewet. Greatly moved by this heart
rending scene, General Dewet, who looked like God
himself, asked Buller if he had anything to say.
General Buller replied in these words: 'Sir, I am a
poor man. I entangled myself in this war owing to
my inability to bear the worry of the British Govern
ment. Grant me my life and I will go.' " -That is
fully as good as anything American yellow journal
ism ever did in the way of interviewing the Pope or
the Emperor of China.
Another speaker, Surgeon-Major Ince, declared
that modern sanitation and sanitary inspection is one
of the greatest Plagues, of the age. "Look," he said,
"at all the persecution the people have inflicted upon
them in regard to water, and yet there is not a
drop of pure water on the earth; not even rain-water
is pure." The most interesting statement of all, how
ever, was that of Sir George Birdwood,K. C. I. E.,
who served many years in India, and who declared
that in India the man, attacked by disease is endan
gered not so much by the virulence of his complaint
or by the lack of cleanliness as by the climate, "which
gave no fair chance for rallying. "India's chief hope,"
he said, "lies in effective nursing."- He went on to
say. that the Indian people have their own methods of
Some of the statements made by the speakers are
decidedly interesting. Dr. Forbs Ross denounced the
doctrine' of personal cleanliness as an assurance of
health and immunity^from diseasj, and told how,
many years ago, in a Yorkshire mining -village, he,
having been vaccinated, undertook to keep dirty for
three months while attending his smallpox patients.
He touched no water, except to drink it, did not
change his clothes even at night— the miners setting
a watch upon him. .He spent thus the most horrible
three months he had ever experienced; but he proved
his point.
It is not many years,ago since a plea of that, kind
would have received unanimous sanction from such
a body of learned British doctors as that which com
posed Dr. Dhingra's audience. In this instance, how
ever, it appears that not a single one of the speakers
who-discussed the paper agreed with the writer.
The change of medical opinion on the subject was
recently manifested by a discussion at the Imperial
Institute in London on "Indian Sanitation." A paper
on that subject was -read before the National Indian
Association by Dr. Dhingra, a Hindu, who had taken
his degree of .M. D. at- the University of Edinburgh.
The doctor, we are told by the London Chronicle'
in' an account of the proceedings, "is an enthusiastic
sanitarian, and urged extensive reforms in the direc
tion of pure water and a better drainage system for
India." His plea was that by cleanliness alone could
the people of India be saved from the innumerable
diseases and frequent plagues that afflict them.
•~> INCE the dissemination of the "germ theory of
disease" the old doctrine that disease is the
product of filth has been largely abandoned.
Investigators have discovered that disease germs are
not always found where filth abounds, nor are they
always absent where cleanliness prevails. Conse
quently while sanitation in the way of cleanliness is
still upheld as a valuable thing in itself, it is no longer
regarded as a sure preventive against most of the
diseases that flesh is heir to. %
WHERE DOCTORS DIFFER.
; The problem is one of difficulty. Climatic condi
tions are not to be avoided, and in the" East those
conditions are 'formidable. American - ingenuity can
doubtless find a right solution for- the problem,
though it may take 'years to do so;< While waiting
for that solution our Eastern friends must bear "up
against winds and fires as best they, can, or, what is
better, come to j California . arid live where no such
climatic complexities threaten them with disaster.,
The New York Press argues that it will be diffi
cult to devise a fireproof method "of homc : building
that will suit: the climate of the Atlantic States. It
says: "If we haveindestructibility'in winter we have
uninhabitability in summer, and ivice versa. The
only .'houses and shops which would resist a fire
started in a seventy-five-mile gale in a winter night,
with the mercury below freezing, and the air as dry as
sarid t are solid stonei And solid stone houses will
not be built by a people who have tropical conditions
to consider for part of their year. Indeed, they will
be built nowhere save by people who intend to oc
cupy them from generation to generation." '
The frequency of such fires has of; course brought
about a discussion as to the best means of preventing
them. The first demand, of course, is .for the con
struction of buildings better fitted to withstand fire.
No one, however, has been able to suggest a means
of providingfor such structures. In many cases the
buildings destroyed in Paterson were deemed to be
fairly fireproof, but in the raging "flames these were
swept away along with the rest and the fire stopped
only when it reached an open space, where there was
no fuel for it to feed' on. ¦ : ' \ ''
BLIZZARDS have not been so disastrous in the
: - East this year as fires. In that section of the
country the record, looks as if this were to be
a year of conflagrations. In addition to the many
serious cases of the destruction of notable -buildings
or groups of houses here and there we have had the
wholesale destruction of the business portion 6f the
town of Waterbury, in- Connecticut, ''a few days ago,
and now there is added the destruction of a large sec
tion' of Paterson, New Jersey.
In each of these latter cases the fires were accom
panied by fierce winter gales, thewind blowing like
a hurricane. The Fire Departments were- unable to
combat the' combined elements. The .flames spread
with. rapidity, and property to. the value of many mil
lions of dollars was. swept *a way in a night.
FIRES IN THE EAST.
Although William C. Whitney has announced his
retirement from politics as well as from business it
will be just as well for New York politicians to keep
an eye on him. Sometimes the most retired back
rooms have a good many push buttons that set live
wires a-moving.
The arrest of Senator Beveridge's valet for rob
bing his employer has somewhat startled the blue
jeans people of Indiana, who never dreamed that
their junior Senator had a valet, and. a_ good many of
them are wondering what kind of an animal it is.
Despite all the rumors of a possible postponement
the St. Louis managers have seemingly determined to
hold their exposition next year, consequently there is
now very little time tc make ready a comprehensive
exhibit. There is certainly no time to lose. What
ever is to be done at all should be done promptly.
California's exhibit should be made ready at once,
and San Francisco should act the part of a progres
sive metropolis in helping to provide it
Reports from the interior are to the effect that the
counties as a rule are acting energetically in the mat
ter. Their efforts, however, will of necessity be con
fined to making an exhibit of the local products.
What is needed is a leadership that will bring all
these separate activities into harmony and combina
tion. That work has been undertaken by the State
Board of Trade and has been well planned. It is
now the duty and will be to the interest of San Fran
cisco to give cordial and effective help to the enter
prise. * The upbuilding of the State is essential to the
growth of the city. Our merchants, manufacturers,
capitalists and property-owners can well afford to be
liberal in contributing to this undertaking, for every
dollar they expend in advertising the State and at
tracting settlers will be like bread cast upon the wa
ters, which will surely be returned with, abundant
profit later on.
commemorate, interest in the fair is very great, and it
is assured that their displays will be exceptionally
excellent. While none of these States can be ac
counted a rival to California in climate or in produc
tiveness, they are nevertheless rivals of our efforts to
obtain homeseekers Ziiid settlers, and accordingly it
behooves us to make cur State display thoroughly
representative of our resources and our industries.
ALL reports from the East tend to' the conclu
sion that the State exhibits at the St. Louis
exposition will be far superior to any that
have ever been made, not even excepting those at the
Chicago exposition. In all the States that have been
erected from the original Louisiana territory, whose
acquisition by the United States the exposition is to
CALIFORNIA AT THE FAIR.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 1 1, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '
Afldrwi AH Comatnieatioiis to W. 8. LEASE, Kant&er.
RMAXAGEIl'S OFFICE.. .....Telephone Pre»» 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. .. .217 to SSI Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. '
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, S Cents.
Term* l»y Mall. Incladlns Postag-et
DAILT CALL {Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL {including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Incluilng Sunday), 3 xncatha... 1-50
DAILT CALL— By Single llonth 65c
BUXDAT CALL. One Tear 1-50
WEEKLY CALL. Oae Tear •-• 1-00
All poitmMten are onthorlied to recelre
¦ i subscriptions.
Sample copies will be .forwarded when requested.
Hail subscribers In crderins chanpe of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
Pirare a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
:LAXD OFFICE . . . . HIS BroadTray
C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
JCutgtr Foreign Advertising, Karguette Building. Chicago. /
(Lone Distance Telephone •'Central 2619.")
KEW TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
NTEPHES B. SMITH.. 3O Tribune Bntldln?
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
llorray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHIXGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OG G St., JT. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
SRAJTCH OFFICES C27 Montgomery, corner of Clar. open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
8 :S0 o'clock. 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'cloclc. 2261
VHarket, ccrnti Sixteenth, open mill 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until B
©'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, opsn
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
The demand for a national gallery is perhaps- not
great, but none the les's,such'a: storehouse 'of Ameri
can art should; be provided. "\ ; We have already; ac
complished much'in. every; branch of artistic, work,
and it is but fitting v that 'tlie'-, nation should at its capi
tal have an exhibition: of what has been accomplished.
The great galleries of Europe are amohg-'the most
precious possessions" o|^the^ nations. ',' A" similar "gal
lery at Washington would",be equally valuable to us.
In fact,* if we begin nowj we can' make a completes
collection of American art, showing, all"iphases'.of its
development, than is'possessed'by -any.'.other -country
of its art work. For many reasons, tKcn, the national
gallery bill deserves the support of Congress. -It has
unquestionably the; approval of all. the people who
care anything about art. j,
The one danger of such a gallery, is that it-might
pass into the hands of a clique and thus be used to
sustain a small group of artists rather than to repre
sent American art as a whole.' That danger, how
ever, seems to be guarded against by a.provision in
the bill that the selection of works^ for the gallery shall
be placed in the hands "of a commission of twenty,
connoisseurs to be named by; the President, and each
to hold office for five years without ; remuneration."
Such a committee.it would seem; would be sufficient
to assure the selection. of iwork representative, of our
best art and the\rejectiori?of that which is unworthy.
The . passage of the : bill at the- present session of
Congress is doubtful, but sooner or later it, or a
similar measure,' will be enacted. V The. superb struct^
ure erected at Washington for a national library will
serve* at. once as an incentive to erect' a national ;'ar'f
gallery and as a precedent for doing so. -The people
are becoming rich arid artistic?' They are also "becom
ing more and more interested in the national capital
and more eager : to see . it . take'r rank ; "above .*. any
other capital in the world. Moreover, American art
has now reached a degree "of excellence . where • it
awakens patriotic pride and where, the people ; are
quite willing to grant it a fair, share of' governmental
patronage and support. \ ¦ - . -
AS a part of the_ general plan of those 1 improve
ments which. are expected to ¦ make;Washing
ton, thje most-ymagnificent . city in the world,
so far as parks and buildings; go, there : has been intro
duced JhtCK the Senate., a. biJL providing for. the^conr
struction of. a national gallery of ; art, the building, to
be maintained through' appropriations ''as a 'perma-,
nent gallery for .the "exhibition ';. of such; works of
American artists as may be obtained- through; pur
chase, giftj bequest or in any other manner." ¦".¦'""
A NATIONAL rGAbiiERY.
New York is discussing. the advisability of holding
ah exposition in 1909' to -¦celebrate, the; three hun
dredth anniversary .df.^ the" discovery of the
but whether it;.will be. a local affair or > international
has not yet been 'decided.;' Probably by that time the
world will be ready for another big show/ and New
York would be the best ;place v fofit r ' : /--^
Do we intend to say to the Porto Ricans that they
would have been better off if we had made them in
dependent and thereby assumed the. moral obligation
to make them our cossets and feed them with a
spoon? '
The question Americans must ask is: Did
we assume an obligation to permanently prosper
Cuba and beggar Porto Rico? Did we agree to
butcher those who live under our flag and feed their
carcasses to those who don't?
We own Porto Rico. It is bone of our bone and
flesh of our flesh. The Porto Ricans have the right,
which the Cubans have not, to look to us for such
commercial incorporation into our system as will
make them sharers of our prosperity and our adver
sity. They come protesting against Cuba's demand.
They have a right to protest.
They did not have free trade with us under Spain,
and they wore diamonds. Now, independent, dis
burdened, enfranchised, they declare that they can-,
not wear shirts unless we give them what they never
had before — free entry to our -markets!
Patience with this sort of thing is becoming more
difficult with every repetition. With her indepen
dence about to be 'assumed / under a government
which she has elected, Cuba declares that she will,
be worse off than under the heel of Spain unless she
is incorporated into our commercial system, with all
the rights and privileges of our own people! "
Under Spain the isknd thrived. Her tariffs were
made for her by that kingdom. Her burden of taxa
tion wrung her withers. She had neither civil nor
religious liberty. Her judicial administration was
a travesty upon justice. Her sanitation was neg
lected. Yet her people prospered. Witness the mul
titude of Cuban millionaires, who flashed across New
York society like chameleons that had borrowed
their iridescence from the colors of the rainbow. and
the sheen of gems; who intermarried with American
social lords and ladies, and thence with 'the British
aristocracy and nobility. We have delivered them
from the incubus of which they complained.
The soil and climate that bore a crop of
diamonds and pearls for them are there 'still.
Their tobacco is incense, their sugar fit ¦ to.
sweeten the gods' nectar. The exactions of
Spanish taxation are no more. The robberies of
the Spanish Captains General have ceased. Their
cities are sanitary and wholesome. Their judicial'
courts administer justice freely. Upon their produc
tions are the same tariffs that rested there when they
skimmed cream from their plantations under Spanish
rule. Their commercial opportunity to the world's
markets is exactly what it was then. From their pro
duction the heavy hand of Spanish need and greed
has been Hfted, and yet they tell us they will starve
and die unless we give them free trade!
The method chosen by the junta for presenting
Cuba's side. is quite another thing. .It is put forward
as a charitable duty, which we are under" moral and
political obligations to perform. Over and over again
the American people are _ told that, by the Spanish
war of liberation we agreed to insure .: the - stable
prosperity of the island. It would seem that one
refutation of this should suffice, but it does hot. The
plea is renewed, reinforced and prolonged. We are
told that it is cruelty to refuse; that this country
.will behave to Cuba worse than Spain; that we will
betray the islanders, condemn them to, starvation, do
worse than Weyler in his concentrado decree, if we
do not give them all they ask.
THE discussion of free trade with Cuba, in the
light of its economic effects upon the United
States, the weighing and measuring, matKemati-;
cally, of the tariff abatement which' beet sugar and
tobacco can stand, is one thing. About that the re
finers and beet farmers may be in accord or in dis
cord. It is a ponderable problem, capable of solu
tion, if in no other way, by a brief experience..
of sickness it is advisable to have a good nurse.
There has never been an answer to the old ques
tion: "Who shall decide .when' doctors disagree?"
We. shall have to leave the issue to the medical fra
ternity, venturing ourselves to say no more than that
it is always well to keep clean and that in every case
cure, .which,, for : them,; were often better' than - Euro-,
pean methods.; As illustrations drawn from his own
experience in the country he.told how one patient of
his on the point of death, , who had exhausted every
modern civilized prescription f bearing on his com
plaint, and another whose leg he was about to ampu
tate but for the protests of : the patient, were both
cured by native priests. , * ' . /. ' k y, .
AERIAL TOWER WILL BE A UNIQUE
FEATURE OF THE ST. LOUIS FAIR
THE CUBAN CRY.
TELE SANV FRANCISCO CAii^^UESpAT, FEBRUARY 1 , :i 902.
\ Dr. Sanford's Liver .Invigbrator.. <-.
Best lilverMedicine.VegetableCure forLiverllls,
Biliousness. Indigestion, ConstlpatioB, Malaria!
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. 1 Telephone Main 1041 •
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
M^tr-rt-^* p l? s , ent for Eastern trienas.
633 Market 3t., Palace Hotel building. "
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per.lb at Towuend's.*
And : so Prince Charming and Princess
Brighteyes - got married, and he hit \ her
with a chair,, and she would not give
him any money ; to pay his debts ; and
keep up his « string of horses. And so
they got. a divorce and lived happily
ever after.— Baltimore American.
6
AUCTION SAXES.
Auction — This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, Wagons, etc.,
at 1140 Folsom street.
AMUSEMENTS,
California — "The Sign of the Cross."
Tivoli — "The Ameer."
Ontral — "A Young Wife."
Alcazar — "The Rogue's Comedy."
Columbia — '"In the Palace of the Kins."
Orpheum — Vaudtvllle.
Grand Opera-house — "Raglan's Way."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. ...
Mechanics' Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Reclta! February 12.
Metropolitan Hall — Song Recital Monday evenins, Feb. 17.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 10.— Mrs. Nancy
Jane Roberts, 109 years of age, \ Is dead
in Sherwood, near this city. She came
to Oregon from Missouri In 1S52. -
Lives to the Age of 109.
MADRID, Feb. 10.— Senor Ibuay, a Re
publican Deputy, has challenged Senor
Silvela, the former Premier, to fight ' a
duel in consequence of his criticisms In
the Chamber of Deputies on February 8
of Ibuay's connection with the agitation
In Valencia.
Challenges Former Premier to Duel.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— Another change has
taken place In the proprietorship of tho
Dally News of this city. George Cadbury
having bought out his copartners. A
number of new departures are contem
plated. A special feature will be made
of social reform. Betting and turf news
will be excluded from the paper, but the
reporting of other sports ' will be contin
ued.
London Newspaper Changes Hands.
The body has been brought to Richfield.
Indians from the whole surrounding
country are gathering at Richfield and
preparations are being made to give John
a funeral with tribal ceremonies.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 10.— A special
to the Telegram, from Richfield, 'Utah,
says that "Big John," one ' of the best
known Indians in South Central Utah
and prominent In the council of the Utes,
is dead as a result of drinking a bottle of
lemon extract, which he took for a cold.
The country druggist to whom John ap
plied for medicine told John to dilute it,
but John not only failed to do this but
drank the contents, of the bottle at once.
Drinks a Bottle of the Stuff as a
Remedy for a- Severe
Cold.
LEMON, EXTRACT KELLS
A WELL-KNOWN INDIAN
He maintained that the Republican lead
ers had deceived and deluded the people,
but he did not believe they could continue
to do so.
. "There will come an awakening," said
he, "and the day of awakening- is not far
distant. If I did not believe so I should
despair of my country." /
Turner then discussed In detail the at
titude of the United States toward the
Philippines under the principles of Inter
national law. He maintained under those
principles the United States had no right
In the islands and had no right to prevent
the Filipinos from setting up a free, and
Independent government. He called upon
his Republican friends, to think what a
tangled skein they have woven in the
Orient. •
"I conjure you," he urged, "to" unravel
that skein while there Is yet time. I con
jure you to do it not alone In. the name of
the hopeless Filipinos,- who trusted you
and whose lands you have drenched with
blood, but I. conjure you inthe. name of
80,000,000 American people and : their 1 pos
terity to stay your "hand lest; their; pre
cious • liberties be destroyed ; along with
"The leaders of the Republican party
have dishonored the nation by their greed
for power and spoils. They have done so
under the false and blasphemous pretense
that they were serving Almighty God by
advancing liberty and religion." Instead of
advancing the cause of liberty they have
struck it the worst blow it has received
since it first found a foothold on • the
American continent." -
WASHINGTON, Feb. lO.-Throughout
nearly the entire session of the Senate to
day the Philippine tariff bill was under
consideration. Turner of Washington con
cluded his speech, begun last Friday, on
the legal and constitutional phase of the
Philippine question. He* held in the main
that as the Filipinos had established' an
Independent government In the islands
prior to the falling of Manila the United
States, under the principles of Interna
tional law, had no right in the islands.
Further along Turner exclaimed with
great vehemence:
Deming was a captain in the subsistence
department of the volunteer army. He
was commissioned under the act of 1899,
providing for the enlistment of soldiers
for the Philippine war. : ; The charge
against him related' to his accounts. «
The court-martial dismissed Deming
from- the service and -sentenced him to
three years In the penitentiary. This sen
tence was affirmed . by the Secretary . of
War and approved by the President. •
Deming will be released from the Fort
Leavenworth •¦ penitentiary within sixty
days, and all other former members of
the volunteer army who are confined In
Federal prisons on sentences inflicted by
courts-martial' of regular officers -will also
be liberated as the result of to-day's de
cision. It is stated E. A. Rosier, United
States District Attorney, estimates the
number of such cases at 200. I <¦
t The essential question, as stated in
Judge Sanborn' s opinion, is whether the
volunteer army is the: same as the reg
ular army, or whether it is one of tho
"other i forces" mentioned in article 77.
The opinion establishes the fact that the
volunteer army is at all times distinct
from the regular, army.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 10.— Established prece
dents of the United States army were
overthrown and the freedom of nearly 200
men now confined in Federal penitenti
aries was assured by a decision rendered
by the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals to-day in the case of Peter C. Dem
ing, J a former captain of United States
volunteers, against Robert McClaughey,
warden of the. Federal' penitentiary at
Fort Ueavenworth. Deming was impris
oned on the sentence of a court-martial
composed of nine regular officers, con
vened by General W. R. Shatter on
March 29, 1900. The opinion of the Cir
cuit Court, written by Judge Walter S.
Sanborn, is that the court-martial which
sentenced Deming acted in violation of
article 77 of the Articles of War, which
provides that officers of the regular army
shall not -be competent to sit on. courts
martial for the trial of officers and sol
diers of other forces.
Declares the Natives Are
Entitled to Their
Independence.
of the Army Are
Overthrown.
Established Precedents
TURNER PLEADS
FOR FILIPINOS
DECISION FREES
MANY PRISONERS
Spooner interrupted Teller to inquire
whether he regarded ~the acquisition of
Porto Rico as a violation of the Teller
amendment regarding Cuba. Teller said
he had not complained of the acquisition
of Porto Rico, because the people of that
island had desired it. *
"And; I do not' mean, to say," he con
tinued, "that if the 1 people of Cuba want
to have that island annexed and we want
it we cannot" annex it under: that-provis
ion. I do. say, however, that we can
not annex Cuba unless the Cubans agree
to it with unanimity."
Teller yielded: the floor for the day, and
the Senate,, at' 4:25'p. m.,- went into ex-'
ecu tlve session, and soon afterward ad
journed. '¦' • ¦•"• A ¦ -
Teller said that In 1898 the question was
raised as to whether the constitution of
the United States by its own force went
Into operation in he Philippines. He ex
pressed an opinion hat It did not and it
could not until Congress put it there. by
a positive declaration of law. He main
tained, however, that the constitution
ought to be extended over the Philip
pines so that the inhabitants of the
Islands should have- all the protection af
forded by that -great document. ;.- . ¦ ...
"Because I stand here with words of
sympathy for the Filipinos," said he,
"'I am not guilty of treason, as has been
charged against a Senator in this cham
ber."
Teller gave notice of an amendment de
claring, that ' it Is not Intended ¦ by the
Government of the United States to per
manently annex the Philippine Islands as
an integral part • of the United ¦ States,
but that it is intended to establish, with
the consent and assistance of the inhab
itants thereof, a government • or govern
ments suitable to their wants and condi
tions. ,
Addressing the Senate, Teller said he
was not going to be disturbed by the un
parliamentary and indecent charge made
against these who don't agree with the
administration's policy, that they are un
patriotic and have not the public's wel
fare at heart.
The discussion of the Philippine bill
was continued. Patterson of Colorado
presented an amendment providing for
the repeal of the sedition laws applied to
the Philippines. . .
When Turner concluded the House
amendment to the urgency deficiency bill
relating to the opening of State claims
was agreed to.
Turner referred to the Philippine sedi
tion act as not only unconstitutional but
as a "'relic of barbarism too black even
for the most despotic and tyrannical gov
ernment that now exists on the face of
the earth."
that of the unfortunate people devoted by
you to conquest and subjugation and
spoliation."
He denounced the Philippine Commis
sion as puppets of the executive, and de
clared that their so-called laws were not
enacted in the interests of the people of
tho islands. The commission, he said, does
only what it Is told to do by the Pres
ident and the Secretary of War.
The Lord Chief Justice held that the
objectors had no right to interpose, point
ing out that no such interference in the
crown prerogative to nominate Bishops
had been tolerated since the reign of
Henry VIII. The court suggested, how
ever, that it might be advisable to mod
ify the form of public citation in the case
of the cqnflrmation of the election of
Bishops with the view of removing the
temptation to raise objections at unsuita
ble times.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— In the King's bench
division of the High Court of Justice to
day the Lord Chief Justice, Baron Alver
stone, discharged the rule nisi in the case
of the Right Rev. Charles A. Gore,
against the confirmation of whose elec
tion to the Bishopric of Worcester John
Kensit and other anti-ritualists success
fully appealed to the - court January 24
for a mandamus against the Archbishop
of Canterbury and the Vicar General, Sir
James Parker Dearie, directing them to
hear the objections.
Fight Against the Confirmation
of His Election.
Anti-Ritualists Unsuccessful in Their
ENGLISH COURT DECIDES
IN FAVOR OF BISHOP GORE
OLDEST SON OF THE PRESI
DENT, WHO HAS DOUBLE
PNEUMONIA.
' "His temperature is higher," said Cor
telyou, Vand his respiration Is weaker
than yesterday, but his pulse is better."
* He also said there was no Immediate
danger; only the natural progress of y.xm
QROTON, Mass.. Feb. 10.—Theo
dore Roosevelt "Jr., the oldest
son of President Roosevelt, has
double pneumonia. Otherwise his
condition Is unchanged to-night.
The boy is seriously sick, but it Is too
early to say what the chances are for his
recovery.
This was the statement ' Issued by
George B. Cortefrou, secretary to /he
President, at 9 o'clock to-night, and it
was made after a careful examination
by Dr. Alexander Lambert, the family
physician of President Roosevelt, who ar
rived here from New York at 6 o'clock
to-night.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt spent a
long, anxious day in the infirmary, await
ing the crisis of the disease which this
morning appeared to have taken such a
strong hold of their son. The change for
the worse In the boy's condition occurred
during the night and showed itself when
the regular morning examination was
made by Drs. Shattuck and Warren. Sec
retary Cortelyou, who is the only means
of communication with the sick room,
made the announcement this morning of
the patient's serious condition, although
he said then it was hot alarming.
No Immediate Danger.
disease. He announced that the disease
had spread and involved 'both lungs.
This sudden and unfavorable turn
warned the President that the most skill
ful medical treatment was necessary and
to-night he called to the aid of Drs. Shat
tuck and Warren his family physician,
BERLIN, Feb. 10.— Prince Henry of
Prussia came with Emperor William from
Potsdam this morning. Tuesday evening
his Majesty will give a dinner in honor
of Prince Henry and his suite, at which
the United States Embassador will be
present. After the Emperor's farewell to
his brother, Prince Henry will leave Ber
lin on the midnight train for Kiel. He
will stay there until Monday morning and
then go to Bremerhaven. On arriving
there he will go on board the Kronprinz
Wilhelm. With the exception of mount-
Ing a guard of honor at the wharf and
firing a salute by the forts, the Prince's
departure will be the suraa as that of any
other traveler. Emperor William and
Prince Henry this morning expressed
concern at the news of the illness of
President Roosevelt's son and received
from Dr. Holleben, the German Embas
sador at Washington, reassuring replies
to their messages of Inquiry.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Unless there
shall be a decided change for the better
in the condition of the President's son
before the end of the present week it Is
probable that Prince Henry of Prussia
may be impelled to defer his visit to the
United States until later in the year.
May Delay Prince's Visit.
Dr. Alexander Lambert of New York, an
eminent practitioner and a man well ac
quainted with the boy's physique. The
decision to call Dr. Lambert was made
after consultation of the physicians and
the President, and the doctor left Now
York at noon, arriving here shortly after
6 o'.clock.
One theory to account for the flood Is
that the bottom of Castle Lake suddenly
dropped out through a subterranean pas
sage, and that the waters of that big
body were hurled against the natural
dam In the gorge. A party left Dunsmulr
to-day to visit the lake and learn if this
theory Is correct. Spectators declare
that the wall of water was ten feet high
as It came rushing down the mountain
side. *
The heaviest losers are: S. H. "Depew,
foreman of the machine 6hops; Frank
Hollis, engineer; George Scherer, mer
chant; Frank Taimadge, restaurant-keep
er; A. S. Griffiths, assistant depot agent;
\V. L. Maxey and Jeff Creason, brakemen.
At noon to-day a crew began blasting
out the gulch to the south and to-night
nearly all the water is going that way.
The lake Is almost emptied. Some of the
owners will remove their demolished
homes without an effort to save anything
but keepsakes. Some of the dwellings can
be rebuilt.
Blasting a "Watercourse.
The volume of water struck the wagon
bridge over the river and badly wrenched
It. The wagon road was torn up and
trees and rocks were deposited upon the
railway track. The torrent- crossed the
mains of the Champion Water Company
and tore them out of the ground, as it
did many sewer pipes. All night long the
flood continued.
There was no time to .remove any of
the contents. The water was thick with
soli and the mud settled more than fif
teen inches deep in the "houses.
People living in the south end of town
were startled by a dull, ominous roar just
at twilight last evening and almost im
mediately a sheet of water came bound
ing over the ridge a hundred yards above
their homes. They ran through the first
waters of the flood and reached higher
ground, drenched but safe. In five min
utes the water had risen to the floor level
and was sweeping through the houses
and on across the road and the railroad
track into the river.
The great barrier up the gorge had .sud
denly given away. The flood parted at
the crest of the ridge and half went down
a gulch to the south, else the dozen
houses in a line toward the river must
have been swept away. One collapsed, a
half dozen were torn from their founda
tions and one was whirled completely
around.
Residents Run for Life.
It has rained almost constantly for a
week here. No fear of flood . was enter
tained, for the main part of town clus
ters on the west slope of the canyon, well
above the raging Sacramento River.
From the south end of town a deep, nar
row gorge runs back ¦westward for miles.
A' tiny creek threads its way ' through
this gorge. During a storm earlier in the
season an overhanging promontory two
miles above the town crashed down Into
the gorge, blocking it. Back of this nat
ural dam the water had been gathering.
During the last week of rain it increased
to a great lake.
DUXSMUIR, Feb. 10.— It Is doubtful If
$30,000 will cover the loss which residents
of the oouth end of Dunsmuir suffered
last evening and this morning from
an unexpected torrent from, the moun
tains, and they are grateful that their
lives as well as their property were not
lost in the disaster. Ten families are
homeless and some of the dwellings and
their contents, ruined by water and burled
in mud, cannot be reconstructed into hab
itations. Across lawns are stretched great
pine trees which yesterday stood high up
the mountain side. One house has a hole
through it as though made by a mighty
cannon ball and the two-ton boulder that
did the damage is now wedged In the
front gate. The water, system which sup
plied many houses is badly damaged and
the Supervisors must ask for bids for
building an entirely new road\ into the
town. ' \ • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
and Great Damage Is Done *
to Bailways and Public
• mimics; ;
Ten Families Are Bendered Homeless
Residents Flee for Life Before
a Wall of Water Ten
Feet High.
Natural Dam Bursts in
a Gorge Above the
Town.
DUNSMUIR
IS SWEPT
BY FLOOD
Condition of Theodore Roosevelt Jr. Becomes So Serious
That Dr. Alexander Lambert, the Family Physician, Is
Hastily Summoned From New York to Attend Patient
SUFFERING SON OF THE PRESIDENT
AFFLICTED WITH DOUBLE PNEUMONIA
EXPENSES HIGH
IN PHILIPPINES
Governor Taft Says That
the Salary Paid Him
Is Earned. '
Cost of Living and Enter
taining Is Greater Than
*- in America.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— In continuing
his statement concerning conditions in the
Philippines before the Senate Committee
on the Philippines to-day Governor Taft
said that the »estimate for preliminary ex
penses in those Islands must include a
considerable outlay for school buildings.
It was necessary, he said, to make sal
aries from 20 to 25 per cent higher than in
the United States. In this connection Sen
ator Culberson made inquiries concerning
the salaries and allowances of the Com
missioners of the archipelago.
Is each of the commissioners paid $20,000?
he asked. < ' ; • » -•" •
No, was the reply. "When we first went out
the commissioners were each paid 510,000 and
the chairman $12,000, and In addition there
was an allowance of J5500 to each 1 or ex
penses, making the total $15,600 and $17,500
respectively. "When I was appointed civil gov
ernor I was allowed §5000 for my legislative
duties and $15,000 for my duties as an ex
ecutive, making $20,000. The other commis
sioners were allowed $5000 for the legislative
services and $10,000 for the executive duties,
making $15,000, all In sold.
Is each allowed a private secretary?
Yes.
And you also have a large clerical force?
¦ -You would think so if you should fctep Into
our offices; you also would get an Idea of the
¦ necessity for such a force.
! rSVhat other allowances are made?
f None except that I am allowed as governor
to live in the Malacanan, the old governor
ceneral's palace.
v '.Is it an extensive ©lace?
. Rather. It costs me $125 in gold per month
to light it and I pay $3000 a year out of my
own pocket for servant hire. There are four
teen ponies in the stable, eight of which I
own and I also keep three carriages. The
grounds are extensive, but they are lighted
by the city of Manila as any other park
would be.
. Are the other members of the commission
provided with residences?
They are not. All of them pay rent and I
can assure you that I would much prefer to
pay mine to being required to live at Mala
canan and keep up that establishment. If I
may be allowed a word personally I would
say that of my $17,500 salary last year I
had only $1500 left at the end of the year.
and I am sure that If my illness had not
prevented my entertaining to a desirable ex
tent there would have been nothing left of
the $20,000 now paid. General Wrisht and
General Ide have assured me they could save
nothing. There Is much entertaining neces
sary and the cost of everything Is greater
than In Washington. Indeed, money goes so
fast there that it seems to melt. There are
no perquisites or allowances other than those
I have mentioned.
Governor Taft added that the commis
sion had nothing to do with fixing the
salaries of its own members, that being
done in Washington, but he said it was
impossible to secure tne services of com
petent men for responsible positions with
out paying better salaries than are paid
here.
FORMER MAYOR PTTF.T.ATT
SPEAKS FOR EXCLUSION
the Dissolute Character of Chi
nese Immigrants.
Addresses the Senate Committed on
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Former Mayor
Phelan, Chinese Inspector Dunn and
Herman Gustadt of the American Feder
ation of Labor, all of San Francisco, made
arguments before the Senate Committee on
Immigration to-day in support of the Chi
nese exclusion bill agreed upon by the
Western members of Congress. Phelan
spoke especially of the dissolute character
of the Chinese immigrants and of the ef
fect upon young: people with whom they
come in contact. He also said that crime
is much more common among the Chinese
than among pther people.
Indian Commits Murder.
RENO, Nev., Feb. 10.— Officers found the
body of an Indian named John Maloney
near this city last evening. Maloney had
a flght with another Indian named Hub
ber Huff. The latter pounded Maloney
on the head with a bowlder, causing
death. The murderer has not yet been
captured. ¦ -¦¦>¦.¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXIJ; V T^ESDAT, FEBRUARY 11, 1902;
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Herpiclde is made upon an entirely new
principle, that is, that dandruff and fall-
ing: hair are caused from a microbe that
infests the hair bulb, and by destrdying
the microbe one's hair is bound to grow
luxuriantly. Herpicide is the only hair
remedy that claims to and really does de-
stroy the dandruff germs.
Alexander McMillian, M. D., a prominent
physician of Lansing:. Mich., writes: "On
three cases I have tested Herpiclde for
dandruff, and the result has been all that
could be desired." K'"
Because its Formula Is Submitted to
DOCTORS ENDORSE HERPICIDE.
COLUMBIA «u
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Last S Nights — 2 Matinees.
VIOLA ALLEN
And Company, Presenting
"In the Palacejf the King."
NEXT ATTRACTION.
BEGINNING MONDAY. FEBRUARY 17.
WM? A. BRADY'S
Bis production of the successful Bucolic Drama.
"WAY DOWN EAST."
Seat sale opens next Thursday. ,^'
, . . .^ .
aOTHNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
FAREWELL NIGHTS OF
EDWIN ARDEN
In His Most Successful Drama.
"RAGLAN'S WAY"
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 16c. 25c. BOc. 73c
' Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK
George Ober in "A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
SPECIAL! FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:13.
SECOND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
(Second Series.)
PAUL STEINDORFF. Director.
Beats — SI 50, SI. 75c and 50c. at Sherman.
Clay & Co. "a.
VAUDEVILLE AMBROSIA!
Ilary Norman; Dempsey and Slack
Company; 3 Marvelous Merrills:
Wincherxnan's Bears; Bose and
Jeazmette; Adelina Boatino; Reich-
ens' Hand-Balancing Bogs; Victor
. Jerome, IiOttie Fremont and Harry
W. Welch and The Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
/ •
. EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! .
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARPt
THERE WAS NOTHING LIKE IT
"IN OLD BEN FRANKLIN'S DAYS!"
a THE
AMEER!
DON'T FAIL TO SEE HIM.
Next Opera— "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. BOc and 75a
Telephone Bush 9.
A GREAT SUCCESS. >
TO-NIGHT AND FOR TWO WEEKS., ]> .
(MATINEE SATURDAY).
William Greet Presents the Powerful Young
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama.
The Sign stBi Cross
A MAGND7ICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
<SEATS READY.)
Belasco & Thall. ........... .........Majiacem
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Play.
1 THE ROGUE'S COMEDT
Special Production — Costly Costumes.
KATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT!
Seats on Sala Six Days in Advance.
PRICES ~-15c. 25c 33c. 60c and 73o
Next— "THE ORIENTAL EXPRESS."
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Latest New York Dramatic Success,
A Young Wife
Don't Miss This Melodramatic Treat.
Full of Thrills and Sensations.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
PDirCC EVGS— 10c. 15c. 25c. S5c and 80c
rKltC J MATINEES 10c. lBc. 25a
Next— "AN AFRICAN KING.-
5^^^ RACING
¦lir^tl ifV T i"!^ 1 * Every VVcelt Dajr— *
\W ¦ Rain or Shlno*
MEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m, sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
•with trains stopping at the entranc* to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seweath and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda. mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at four-
teentn and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:1S
and 4:45 P> nx and immediately after th» last
race. l
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
JOSEF HOFMANN
THE GREAT PIANIST.
TO-MORROW (WED.) NIGHT at 8:15.
Sat. Matinee. Feb. 15 — Metropolitan Hall.
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.' a. S2 to BOo.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers* district — on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of too
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
Weekly CaH,$1.00 per Year
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
220 BROADWAY. N. T. A- •
\ AMUSEMENTS.
OPEN ALL THIS WEEK
. FROM 1 TO 11 P. M. , :
THE FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Special Children's Matinee at 3 P. M.
EXTRA FEATURES TO-DAY.
"Turn Vereln" Day. Exhibition of the Excel-
lent Training of the Classes Under Pro-
fessor Hans Goetz. ¦> .
150 in the Afternoon— 250 at Night
N AVAL 'APPRENTICES FROM CJOAT 13-
LAND "WILL ATTEND.
WEDNESDAY-
Columbia Park Club Day. Drum, Fife and
Bugle Corps and a Competitive Drill by
Three Companies for a Silver Cup.
'. EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING:
• The>-Electrical Ballet by 150 CbildreaT
Bennett's Great Band of Military SoloUts.
Refined Comedy on the Juvenile Midway.
General Admission. 25c. Children. 10c
SONG RECITALS
MONDAY and -WEDNESDAY EVENINGS.
February 17 and 19.
Saturday Afternoon (Washington's Birthday).
February 22. i
SEASON. SALE NOW OPEN AT
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
SINGLE SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
-' i t\ i riwuiBiil ii'rt ii iIpmiiii iia iii"B II iiiwiH In hi ¦' iim bei-miTti
The Pommer- Eilers Music
Co.'s Sale of the Eilers
Piano Go. Stock in Full
Blast — Many Fine Instro-
meots Sold Yesterday.
In effecting the organization
of the Pommer-Eilers Music
Company last week we agreed
with Eilers Piano Company to
take off their hands their entire
wholesale stock at their former
warerooms, and on the way. It
is our intention to actively com-
mence business on March ist
with an absolutely new stock of
Pianos and Organs which is now
being selected at the various
Eastern factories by the presi-
dentcf our company, and we have
therefore determined to close
out all the instruments received
in the above transaction. We
realize that only the most unmer-
ciful price cutting will speedily
dispose of this stock at this time.
A vast number of pianos were
sold by the Eilers Piano Com-
pany during their recent great
sacrifice sale by offering them at
ridiculously low prices, and there-
fore our only alternative is slash-
ing prices again, and down they
go. Now is the opportunity ol
your life.
THE PRICES.
Here are prices lower than have ever
been made .on reliable instruments of sim-
ilar gTade and value in this country.
Every piano and organ has been marked
down to prices absolutely without parallel
in the history of piano merchandise:
High grade Hallett & Davis square piano
in most excellent condition S57.OO
Zeck upright piano, fancy case, in perfect
tune S63.00
Kirkman upright, nearly new, cost $275 re-
cently, now SSG.00
Choice of nearly a dozen regular $275 up-
rights, now S136.00
Plainer cases, also brand new..SHS.OO
20 regular JSOO and $223 style, also brand
new and fully warranted, now $176.00 and
S1S3.OO
One fancy Chickering Bros, upright (the
Chicago make), the so-called $550 styles,
now S200.00
A large number of the very choicest mot-
tled mahogany and walnut $375 and $400
styles, wholesale value $276 and $JS5,
row 8227.00
Plainer stj-les 8218.OO'
Still others at S196.OO
Two very fancy mottled mahogany cabi-
net grand sample pianos, the very best
made, with all the latest improvements,
includi«g the finest Wessel. Nickel &
Gross action, retail $450 and $475 respec- j
tively, now 8258,00
The very highest grade fancy 7 1-3 oc-
taves pianos, with carved or plain panels
as desired, full swinging duet music
desk, revolving lock board, three pedals,
the third a soft or practice pedal, the
regular $500 value, at a saving in price
of exactly $182. Some a little plainer,
yet very beautiful styles, for $266, $258
and $245.00
/ — —
THE TERMS.
TVith the exception of our three most
elaborate and expensively hand-carved
styles, the factory cost of which
exceeds $250. and on which terms will be
no less than $50 and $29 per month.
All pianos are for sale on terms of $25
down and $10 per month, and some instru-
ments may be had for as little as $6 down.
ORGANS range from $28 for a second-
hand Packett ln\gopA order to $C8 far a
beautiful walnut cased Kimball organ,
and terms are $8 or $10 down and $4 or $5
per month.
Since all prices are based on actual cost
price of the goods, those taking advan-
tage of the above named easy terms will
pay interest on deferred payments of S
per cent per annum.
FULLY GUARANTEED.
Every piano and organ sold will be ac-
companied by the factory's unconditional
five years' guarantee, which guarantee
will be countersigned by us, thus fully
protecting the customer in every way.
This sale as above will be at our new
etore, €53 Market street, San Francisco, ,
and if every one In this city could but
realize the exact situation as It is, noth-
ing would be left for sale by Tuesday
night *
POMMER-EILERS
MUSIC CO., \
653 Market Street.
Etcre open day and evening; until
stock is closed out. .' - .'.
ADVERTISEMENTS.OAKLAND RACETBACK— Monday, Feb. 10.— Wea^ercloudy^Trac^
3375. FIRST RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; to first, $325. i
~ ~~~~ "¦ . .... | r : ~ ~~ : : I v ~~ , • "... ¦ | Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. Yi- A h- Str. Fin. ; Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3259 Loyal S, 4 . ..114*4 3 4 3~1 U 11 V. Gilbert... Conley 20 15
3265 Arigato, 3 88 1 7 Yi 5h 3 2 2 n W. G. Matthews. J. Daly 6-5 1
3251 Graylette, 4..... Ill 0 5 V-i 8 2 2 3 2 E. A. Chappell.Waterbry 30 100
3251 Kastalne, a ..107 3 2 2 In .6 0 4 2 H. M. Borchert... Troxler 10 12
'3207 Marello, .3... 89 S ' 6 1 4h 42 58 D. S. Fountain. .Redfern 2 18-5
3201 Intrada, 4 ... 102 7" 8 7 1 6 2 6 3 E. I. Wheeler Ransch 8 10
31(58 Rinaldo, a.: 109 5 4 162 7 15 7 20 F. I* Weir Hoar 8 20
J32JL6 JKoenig, _a^_. .....m 2 1 h 2 h 8 S^__ A. (genevein Bullman 8 12
Time — i/i, :26^4; 14 :52 9i,~l7lO; mile, 1:43V4- Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, V. Gilbert's b. g. by Loyalist-Tillie S. Winner away well. Arigato interfered with
at start or she would have won. Graylette ran better. Marelio requires strong riding.
Rinaldo no account. ' • , ' \
32TC. SgCQND RACE-fFuturity course; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
¦ ~ ¦¦¦¦ -. - " i~| — : ~ : ' • - ' - Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %.* %¦ ,SLr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3246 The Weaver .....ill 4 2 2 2 1 In \ Yi- H. I. Wilson. . .O'Connor 7-5 1
3267 Maraschino .;.... 10S 1 1 Yt 11% 2 4 2 10 J. C. Humphrey. T. Brns . 8-5 18-5
3205 Vasallo 114 2 3 % 3 3 3 4 3 5. Burns & Waterhsc.Bull 4 8
3249 Baldo 108 3 5 h 4 Y* 4 1 4 1 B. Schreiber..Blrkenruth 5 5
8226 Haimetta 112 5 4 1 6 2 5 4 5 5 W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn .5 7
3197 Sir Claus 108 8 "'7 2 5 16 1 0 Yt A. B. Spreckels. .Brodien 50 100
3264 Lento ill 6 6h 75 74 75 Neil & Blazer Hoar 50 30
3071 Tufts . ....114 7 82 8 4 8 10 8 15 C. W. Chappell.Waterby 30 200
"3203 Lunga 106 9 9 0 0 0 B. G. McConnell. Troxler 30 100
Time-fto Vi. :22%; to %, :47%; last %, 1:04; short %, 1:14%: .Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, H. I. Wilson's b. c. by Goldfinch-Red Spinner. The Weaver had
Maraschino up his sleeve the last quarter. Vasallo no weight packer. Haimetta only a
cheaD one.
3277. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first, $325. .
- , _ j - _ _ _ getting.
IndexjHorse, Age, Weight. St. Yi- Vt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.. Op.- Cl.
3160 Castake. a SO 2 11 2 2 2 10 1 ns O. W. Boesecke.W. Knap 5 7^2
3262 Marcato, a 117 1 22 11. In 2 10 Burns & Waterhse.. Bull 4-5. 1
32G8 Flamero, 6 117 66831 33 34 D. Cameron Jackson 5-2 5
3268 Monda, 6 97 5 5 1 4 h 4 5 4 10 W. P. Fine Winslette 5 7
3265 H. Thatcher, 5... 90 7 7 7 -6 1 5 2 W. Johnson. .W. Duggan 10 25
3271 Rasp, 4 96 4 3n 53 5 Yi 65 P.Hawley...' Redfern 12 12
3192 Burdock. 5. 99 3 4 1 6 5 7 " 7 J. S. Campbell... J. Daly 10 30
Time— Yi. :24«; %,,:i9%; %, 1:17%; %, 1:31. Fair start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, O. W. Boesecke's b. g. by Apache-Lina. Castake was best. Marcato no excuse!..
Too much welcht on Flamero. Monda wants strong riding. Thatcher no speed. Rasp
retired early.' Burdock performed poorly. Scratched — Colonel Ballantyne 117, Formero 113.
3278. FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; to first, $325.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. Yi- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3265) The Gafflr, 4 108 1 21 2211 12 J. H. Simpson Hoar 8 ~15
3260 Decoy, 5 ..;.115 5 4 8 42 2 h 2n Geo. Miller T.Burns 9-10 6-5
3253' Chandoo, 3 96 3 1 h 1 h . 3 3 3 5 T. H. Stevens. . .Jackson 4 6
3267 Esternell, 3... ... D5 6 6 5 10 4 Y> 4 1 J. F. Schorr Redfern 3 2
3259 Casdale, 6. 113 2 3 5. 3 5 5 10 6 16 J. Hamilton Troxler 40 50
3228 El Mldo, 6.. ...... 115 4 5^6 6 6 J. S. Campbell. McCarthy 6 10
Time — W, :26; %, :52; %. 1:19; mile, 1:47%. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner,
J. H. Simpson's b. g., by Uncas-Laetitia. Hoar on winner saved ground by hugging the rail,
where the eoing was supposed to be deepest. Decoy was never a very good weight
packer and was carried wide by Chandoo. . E6ternell away badly. El Mido no account in
the going. Scratched — Pat Morrisey 115, Cromwell 118.
3279. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, ?325.
Index Horso, Age. Weight. St. %. ¦• Yi- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(32C8) Dr. Boyle. 5 117 1 121512 1 2 J. C. Nealon Bullman" 8-5 SMS
3255 Bard Burns, 4 114 7 3 Yi 3 1 2 V 2 2 1 D. S. Fountain. .McGinn 3 5-2
(3259) Tiburon, a 117 3 2n 22 34 33 Egbert & Co. . .T. Burns 5 8
3171 The Miller, 6. ....117 4 6 8 4 Yx 4 10 4 15 G. P. McNeil. ..A. Kelly 10 12
3203 Scallywag. 4 114 5 43 62 64 56 J. L. Crooks Ransch 40 40
.... Barnato, a .117 2 64 6 10 66 62 J. J. Shannon. .O'Connor 8-5 3
3271 Geo. .Dewey, 4 114 6 7 7 7 7 Miss F. Reed.Burlingme 100 150
iMagazlne. 4 114| * * ... "lAngus Ross Conley 100 10Q
Time— Y*. :24%; %, :49% ; %, 1:17. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving
Winner, J. C. Nealon' sb. g., by Guldo-Exey Tee. Winner away well and strongly ridden
Bard Burns in deepest going from start. Tiburon ran a nice race. The Mller can do better
Barnato could not untrack himself. Scratched — William F 117, Spry Lark 117, The Singer
3280. SIXTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first, $325]
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. %. ?i. Str. Fin. Owner and. Jockey. Op? 'cY.
3266 Educate, 4 102 2 12 In In 13 W. E. Cotton.. Hoar" 8-'5 it <\
326S Clarando. 6 ICO 3 2n 31 32 2% K. M. Borchert. .Jackson 10 6
3173 Alzura, 4.... 105 5 3 1 2 2 ¦ 2 Y, 3 1)4 A. H. Vivell Troxler 6 7
3274 Silver Fizz, 5.... 106 7 7 15 7 15 5 2 4 1 P. Corrigan... T Burns 3 A
3196 Reina de Cuba, 6.106 6 4 10 4 6 4 % 5 5 EJ Baldwin & Co. Rnsm 3 2
3208 Foul Play, 5 Ill 1 5n 5 1 6 20 6 25 Nichols & Bowley.. Prior V* 30
3203 Mount'n Dew, 6..106 4 . .6 3. .8 1 .74. 75 T. T. Rector. Blrkenruth I 50 60
3240 Onyx, 6 .108 8 8 '8 8 8 W. P. Fine. . . ... .Ransch): 20 40
Time— To Yt. :21%; to %, :47; last %. 1:04; short %. 1:14. Good start. Won cleverly Second
and third driving. Winner, W. E. Cotton's b. m., by Russell -Edith. Educate once looked
beaten, but finished like a game one. Alzura not at her. best. Silver Fizz away none too
well. Cuba could not get to the front. Foul Play may Improve. Scratched— Isaline 106 •
.Frldolln 102, Fidel Youlin 100, Hilary 108. ' w isaune l06. v
MONTE CARLO, Feb. 10.— Four games
in the fifth round . of the international
chess masters' tournament had been com
pleted when the time arrived for the first
adjournment to-day. The winners were:
Tarrasch from Mieses, Pillsbury from
Schlechter, Napier from Mortimer and
Gunsberg from Marco.
Chess Masters' Tournament. '
SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— "Johnny" Reiff,
the famous jockey, who has been visit
ing his parents near this city, left this
afternoon for Paris, where he will ride
the coming season for Captain Calllant.
He will visit two days In Oakland with
his brother Lester, and will also make a
brief stop in Wichita, Kans., his former
home.
"Johnny" Reiff Sails for Paris.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 10.—
For the first time in the history of Stan
ford athletics the varsity track team will
go north, after the intercollegiate meet
with Berkeley, to contest with the tra'ck
teams of the Oregon and Washington
State universities. The first event will
be with Oregon at Eugene and the sec
ond will take place in Seattle, witn the
University of Washington.
Track Team to Go North.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 10.— Manager
Morley of the Los Angeles Baseball Club
has signed Thomas Hess, who caught for
the Albany (N. Y.) team last year. With
the acquisition of the new catcher, Mor
ley now has seven men as a basis for the
local club. The pitchers are Rube Wad
dell and Newmeyer, the latter having
played last season with Minneapolis and
Kansas City. Rlley will again be captain
and third baseman and Eddie Household
er has been re-engaged for center field.
Toman, the new shortstop. Is from Oma
ha. Hannivan, who will play flrst or sec
ond base, was with Grand Rapids and
Wheeling last year.
Morley Signs Catcher Hess.
The idea of the Ogden-Lucin cut-off
originated with the late C. P. Huntington,
who was president of the Southern Pa
cific. The construction of this line will
necessitate the building of many miles of
trestle over the lake, but will result In
shortening the road some forty miles and
the elimination of the heaviest ¦ grades
along the entire route.
Kruttschnitt Is quoted as informing the
committee that the advantages and dis
advantages of both routes had been thor
oughly studied by »the company's en
gineers and that they had finally reported
in favor of the Ogden-Lucin route. Earlier
in the day the railroad officials met a
number of representative business men
of Ogd,en in that city and heard state
ments favoring the Lucin cut-off.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 10.— A conference
was held here to-day between a commit
tee representing the Commercial Club of
this city and a party of railroad officials,
consisting of President Bur t of the Union
Pacific, General Manager Kruttschnitt of
the Southern Pacific, Chief Engineer Ber
ry of the Union Pacific and Chief En
gineer Hood of the Southern Pacific. At
the TOeeting, which was arranged by
Kruttschnitt at the request of the Com
mercial Club, arguments were presented
by the business men of this- city favoring
the construction by the Southern Pacific
Company of a line around the south shore
of the Great Salt Lake instead of via the
contemplated Ogden-Lucin cut-off. Among
the arguments presented in favor of mak
ing this city the terminus of the Southern
Pacific were the commercial importance
of Salt Lake and the engineering difficul
ties to be overcome in building the Lucin
cut-off.
Manager Kruttsebnitt Says
That the Plans Will Not
Ee Altered
Salt Lake Business Men
Ask the Railroad to
Change. Route.
LUCIN CUT-OFF
IS NOT FAVORED
Meeting 1 of Police Board.
The meeting of the Police Commission
ers, which was to have been held to
night, has been postponed till to-morrow
night for unavoidable reasons.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10:- Miss Wheaton,
daughter of Major General Wheaton. re
tired, was married to-day to Frederick
H. Morley of Colorado Springs at St.
John's Church, Rev. Dr. Mackay Smith
officiating. Owing to a recent death In
the groom's family only relatives and a
few close friends were present.
Miss Wheaton Is Quietly Married.
Harry Haok, the well known police offi
cer, is suing for a writ of mandate com
pelling the Board of Police Commission
ers to restore him to the rank of ser
geant. In his complaint, -which- he filerl
yesterday, he alleges that he was did
rated by the board without having been
given a trial. His suit is based on the re
cent' decision of Judge Hebbard.
Harry Hook Brings Suit.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 10.— David Lowry.
the aged elevator attendant at the Capi
tol, suffered the crushing of his right leg
below the knee this morning and ampu
tation may be necessary. Lowry was found
in the elevator pit In the basement of the
Capitol, while .the elevator was at the
third floor. The Injured man, althoush
conscious. Is unable to tell now the ac
oident occurred.
Crushed in an Elevator.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. lO.-Frank Erne
of Buffalo failed to put in an appearance
to-night at the Pennsylvania Athletic
Club, where he was to have met Joe Gans
of Baltimore in a six-round boxing bout.
Frank Erne Fails to Appear.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 10.—
The Junior class baseball nine defeated
the freshmen this afternoon by a score
of 12 to 5. This was the final game f>f the
interclass series, and the class champion
ship rests with the class of 1903 until next
year.
Juniors Win Championship.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 10.— Excitement
•was caused to-night among the storekeep
ers and business men of this city by the
assertion that firebugs were again opera
ting after a retirement of several months.
An attempt has been made to destroy
Martin's grocery store at the corner of
Fourth and D streets. Fire was discov
ered in the basement and in prox
imity to an oil tank. Fortunately it had
not gained much headway and was easily
extinguished.
Incendiaries at Work.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10.— Benny Yanger, the
Chicago feather-weight, gained a decision
over Joe Bernstein of New York at the
America Athletic Club to-night after six
rounds of the fastest kind of fighting. It
was Yanger's fight from the beginning
and he scored a big lead in .every round.
Yanger paid little attention to anything
but Bernstein's stomach, and after the
first two rounds he had Bernstein on the
run.
Yanger Outclasses Bernstein.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
— Pirate's Queen won. Little Tommy Tucker
second. Frank McConnell third. Time, 1:49.
Fifth race, handicap, mile and seventy yards
— Intrusive won. Reseda lecond, Piederich
third. Time, 1:45.
Fourth race. St. Cbarles Hotel stakes, four
furlongs — Gold Ornament won. Merry Sister
eecond. Wilton third. Time, :48%. ',
First race, selllne, one mile — Balloon •won,
Jo*ie F second, Azeu third. Time, 1:42.
Second race, six furlongs — Grantor won, Ogle
•econd. Loiter third. Time, 1:14%.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — King Elk-wood won, Mies Ransom sec
ond. Bristol third. Time, 3:07.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 10. — Crescent City
fummary: !
Racing at New Orleans.
He came back to this city and in 1S94
mixed in a row in a Third-street saloon
and shot and killed a man named Mc-
Manus. He was tried and sentenced to
eight years in San Quentin. Since his re
lease Sweeney has been in ill health and
his friends have managed to keep him
from want.
Drink and dissipation soon got the bet
ter of him and forced him to retire from
the diamond.
Sweeney's flrst hit -was made when a
member of the old Eagles in the early
eighties. Then he went East, joining
the Providence team, one of the greatest
of its time. Sweeney was the greatest
pitcher of the day and was known from
Maine to California.
Charles Sweeney, the old-time ball
player, was taken to the City and County
Hospital last night to await the final
summons of death which is fast approach
ing. Sweeney is in the last stages of con
sumption, and death will soon remove
one of the best-known "stars" of the
palmy days when the national game
reigned supreme.
Charles Sweeney, Once One of the
Best Known Diamond Stars,
Slowly Passing Away.
OLD-TIME BALL PLAYER
DYING OF CONSUMPTION
August T. Horst, the Australian, after
putting up a good fight to remain in the
race with a bad ankle, fainted on the
track late this afternoon owing to the
pain and had to be carried to his dressing
room.
KEW YORK. Feb. 10.— Tom Finerty of
the Wllliamsburg team In the six-day
walking match at Madison Square Garden
and Gus Guerrero had a fist fight on the
track early this evening. Finerty claims
Guerrero tried to shove him from a posi
tion near the rail. At any rate Finerty
turned suddenly on Guerrero and knocked
him down. Then the two went at each
other. The garden was in an uproar and
all the racers stopped. The police Inter
fered and the walkers got down to walk
ing, but as Guerrero passed Finerty on a
spurt he struck the latter in the face. This
started another fight, but the police again
interfered and then the match was, re
sumed. '
Tom Finerty and Gus Guerrero Pum-
mel One Another Until the
• Police Interfere.
SIX-DAY PEDESTRIANS
ENGAGE IN A FIGHT
M5W YORK, Feb. 10.— William K.
Redmond, M. P.. and Joseph Devlin, the
Irish envoys, who arived on the White
Star steamship Cymric. ' were escorted
from the vessel to the Hoffman House to
day by a delegation of prominent mem
bers of various Irish societies.
Redmond is enthusiastic over the rapid
growth of the United Irish League and
did not attempt to disguise the fact that
physical force will be us«d when the time
comes for an uprising in Ireland.
"When to assert their Independence the
Irish finally unite." said he. "it will be
with such force of arms as they never
have shown before. The English now real
ize the extent of our movement, and Lord
Salisbury spoke truly when he said Eng
land feared the Irisn more than she did
the Boers. They talk -of reducing our
representation of eighty in Parliament to
gixty. If they do, the sixty remaining
will make as much noise as tne eighty do
now."
On Sunday evening there will be a mass
meeting at the Academy of Music. W.
Bourke Cockran is expected to preside.
In Boston Mayor Patrick A. Collins will
be chairman.
Devlin said the league now had en
rolled 700,000 members, and he believed he
did not, exaggerate when he predicted a
membership in the near future of ten
million.
Redmond and Devlin will remain In
this city until March 2. Then they go to
Boston. From that city they will pro
ceed to Baltimore and thence to Chicago,
where there will be a monster meeting on
March 17, St. Patrick's day.
Redmond was two days late in arriving,
the Cymric being delayed by gales.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The correspondent of. the Associated
Press learns that a transcript of the diat*
patch from Dr. von Holleben, the German
Embassador at "Washington, communicat
ing the proposal of Lord Pauncefote was
sent to Emperor William immediately
after its receipt, and that the Emperor
announced his flat refusal on the margin.
The correspondent added,. "But for the
action of Emperor William, Lord Paunce
fote's proposal would have been accept
ed by the other powers."
The German Government considers that
although its attitude is no more than cor
rect it is quite unwilling that its course
should be misunderstood.
BERLIN, Feb. 10.— The official North
German Gazette this evening joins in the
controversy regarding the attitude of the
several powers previous to the outbreak
of. the Spanish-American war. It says
Lord Pauncefote's proposals April 1V1S98,
to send a collective note to the Govern
ment of the United States' declaring
American Intervention in Cuba to be un
justifiable is a historical fact, and the Ga
zette proceeds to characterize as absurd
the "attempt now being made to obscure
and dispute an event which did not occur
in the presence of the representatives of
only two powers, but on which the repre
sentatives of all the powers at Washing
ton, after reaching an agreement, report
ed to their respective governments April
.14, 1898, simultaneously and identically."
The German official declaration in the
North German Gazette is. a direct conse
quence of the incredulitjy expressed by
American and English newspapers regard
ing the disclosures from here of the ac
tion of Lord Pauncefote of April 14, 1898.
If this declaration is replied to by Great
Britain the documents relating to the
matter will undoubtedly be published. In
official circles here it is deemed best to
wait and see how the statement published
this evening in the North German Ga
zette is received.
Emperor William Flatly Re
fuses to Interfere Between
America and Spain.
At Last England Begins to
Realize the Extent of
the Agitation,
Redmond and Devlin
Talk of the Coming
Use of Force.
Record Indicates Ger
many Vetoed Embas
sador's Scheme. !•<
IRISH ENVOYS
ARE CONFIDENT
PROOF TO SHOW
LORD PAUNCEFOTE
.Eight members of the Ladles' Annex of
the San Francisco Golf Club, divided Into
two teams, captained respectively by M1S3
A. C. Hoffman and Mrs. R. Gilman
Brown engaged In a match play tourna
ment over eighteen holes on the Presidio
links yesterday morning:. Mrs. R. Gilman
Brown s team, in which were Miss Alice
Hager, Miss Edith Chesebrough and Miss
Carroll, won. 12 up. Miss Hoffman's team
was made up of Miss Florence Ives, Miss
Sarah Drum, Mrs. E. A.. Belcher and Miss
Alice Hoffman. In the winning team
JJrs. R. G. Browniwon her match against
Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Alice Hager de
feated Miss Florence Ives; and Miss Car
roll proved victorious over Mrs. E. A. Be'l
cner ',,r he^ onl y winner in the losing team
Sarah Dru ra> who defeated Miss
Edith Chesebrough. .
Team Led by Mrs. Brown Defeats
Side Selected by Miss
Hoffman.
CITY GOLF LADIES
PLAY TOUBNAMENT
NEW TORK, Feb. 10.— The trial of Al
bert T. Patrick, accused of the murder
of William Marsh Rice, which was inter
rupted last week by the Illness of a juror,
was resumed to-day. When court was
adjourned last Tuesday Dr. H. B. Loom
is, a pathological expert, waa on the
stand and his cross-examination was con- i
tinued to-day. On direct examination he
said " the condition of Rice's lungs was
due, in his opinion, to the inhalation of
chloroform or some like irritant. The
cross-examination brought out a. number
of technical points concerning the effects
of chloroform on the blood. On redirect
examination the witness said he knew of
no natural cause of death that could
have caused the symptoms shown by the
autopsies on Rice's body.
While Loomis was not prepared to say
that Rioe did not die of disease, he as
serteci that the examination he made did
not disclose any disease. '¦ . ,
Max Hunke, who made the fluid used in
embalming Rice's body, testified that the
fluid did not contain, mercury, v ¦ ._
John* R. Potts, a lawyer, testified that
he had known Patrick since 1870. ;. They
became" intimate In 1890. In September,
1900 the witness boarded in the same
hous* with Patrick and they had offices
in the same suite. The witness never
saw Rice in Patrick's office; in- fact, ho
never eaw Rice at all. Potts said he
knew Morris Meyer and David L. Short,
whose names were signed to the 1900 Rice
will as witnesses, and that Charles F.
Jones, the valet-secretary, was introduced
to him by Patrick in the spring of 1900.
On September 17, 1900, Patrick said: .
"That rich client of mine has made a
will making me a residuary legatee."
On the same day he showed Potts an
assignment of Rice's property, a paper
showing the settlement of the contest of
Mrs. Rice's will, and other papers, among
them several checks in blank signed with
Rice's name and payable to Patrick.
Potts identified - the 1900 will as a paper
Patrick showed him to prove the state
ment that his rich client had made. him
resifluary legatee of all his estate.
"What did you say to Patrick?'.', a
"I said, 'Albert, my boy, you're a lucky
dog,' and I shook hands with him. Then
a thought came to me and- 1 said: 'I don't
think a will like that is good for any
thing. Don't you remember , that , Tilden
will, when the estate was left to. the trus
tees?' He replied: 'That's all right, John.
The estate is practically mine.' " - "
The witness said Patrick, showed him. a
Pete Carroll, S. F. A. C, vs. John Crow, S.
F. A. C, 4 rounds. 105 pounds; Al Mejla, S.
F. A. C, vs. Monte Attel, S. F. A. C, 4 rounds,
110 pounds; Jack McFadden, B. C. A. C:, vs.
George O'Brien, S. F. A. C, 4 rounds, 112
pounds; Dave Stone, S. F. A. C, vs. Joe
Regan. S. F. A. C, 4 rounds, 120 pounds: Dan
Sullivan, S. F. A. C.; vs. Jack Dougherty. S.
F. A. C, 4 rounds, 120 pounds; Jack Cordell,
S. F. A. C, vs. Bart Nugent, S. F. A. C, 4
rounds, 125 pounds; Charles Smelter, S. F. A.
C. vs.'Al Youngr, Hawthorne A. C, 4 rounds.
135 pounds: Al Hamilton, S. F. A. C, vs. 1
Jack Kenny, S. F. A. C, 4 rounds, 140 pounds.
Ring-goers will have an opportunity of
seeing a number of good fistic battles this
month. On Thursday evening the San
Francisco Athletic /Club will give , its
monthly exhibition. On Friday night the
Reliance Athletic Club will bring off • a
twenty-round bout between Al Nelll and
"Dutch" Thurston. On the evening of
February 18 the Acme Athletic Club will
hold its monthly exhibition. On that
night Toby Irwin and Jimmy Britt will
contest for the Hghtweignt championship.
The Bay City Athletic Club will hold
some interesting bouts ' on the 19th and
on the 2Sth inst. ' Lavigrne • and O'Brien
will contest twenty rounds before the Yo
semite Club. The Olympic Club will bring
off a number of amateur championship
contests the latter part of this month.
The following bouts are scheduled by
the San Francisco Athletic Club for
Thursday night: • .
Battles "Will Be Fought Here and
Also in the City of
Oakland.
Prosecutors of Patrick
Introduce Damaging
Testimony.
riSTIC CONTESTS TO
BE HELD THIS MONTH
Passers- By Witness a
Spectacular Suicide
in San Jcse.
SAN JOSE, Feb. lO.-Despondent be
cause of illness F. R. Wittenberg en
tered St. James Park at 3 o'clock this
afternoon and shot himself through the
head. A -number of passerJ-by witnessed
the tragedy, but almost before they
could reach ¦Wittenberg's side he was
dead.
Wittenberg, with his wife and daugh
ter, came to San Jose from Eureka,
Nevada, a few months ago. He was suf
fering from asthma and had been under
a doctor's care ever since his arrival
.When the passers-by reached Witten
berg s side they found lying on the grass
U letter to the Coroner. In it the suicide
asked that his wife, who resided on
North Eighth street, be notified. The
letter said that his sufferings were such
that he could no longer endure life. He
asked that the lodges he belonged to be
notified, and that his body be cremated
Wittenberg was a " native of Germany
and 65 years of age. He was a member
of the Knights of Pythias and Workmen
lodges of Eureka, Nev. Two daughters
and a son reside in Eureka.
SHOOTS HIMSELF
IN PUBLIC PARK
Selections for To-Bay.
First race — February, Katherine Ennls, AI
zura.
Second race— Lass of Langdon, Yrsula, An
nie Max.
Third race— Adirondack, Hudson, NIgrette.
Fourth race— Tower of Candles, Prestano
Matt Hosan. . ,
Fifth race— Jfte Rlpley, Formero, "Wolhurst.
Sixth race— The Singer, Ned Dennis, Mission.
general assignment and he again congrat
ulated him. «
"Then Patrick showed the blank checks.
He aaid, 'You see, I could use these if I
wanted to,' and I said: "So you could,
but I wouldn't if I were you. I would
not even fill them in. If any one showed
such trust in me I would be true to the
trust.' He said the money would be used
as Rice intended it should be used."
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward. •
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth; selling;
five-year-olds and upward.
8232 Wolhurst 101 3274 Formero 101
3274 Joe Rlpley. . .104 3202 Kickumbob ..101
3274 Urchin .. ... .101 3213 Morinel i>9
3274 Lavator 101
Fourth race — Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
(32G4)Prestano ..... 99 3245 John Peters.. 102
<326S)Ben j Ledl 107 <3267)Phyllis 97
3260 T. o£ Candles.lO4l 3260 Matt Hogan.. 109
Third race— Four furlongs; selling; two-year
olds.
(3252)Hudson 106 1 3252 Nigrette 103
(3270)Adirondack ..111 ! 3257 Du Page ....100
8217 P. in Boots.. 103 (3247) Dotterel 105
< 3 271)Nilgar 104 3271 Lodestar ....104
I ?S ? " un S a rian . . 104 3273 Darlene .99
SS 8J£i n L&H?8 , 3255 Ned Dennis " m
DEATH OF RICE
DUE TO POISON
Second race — Five furlongs; selling; maiden
three-year-olds.
3200 Yrsula 112 3077 St. Chester. . .112
2094 Teddy Marks.109 3253 L. of Langdonll2
3264 Breton 117 3263 Annie Max.. .112
3263 Knocking ...112 3253 Sleep. Child.. 109
3179 Oratossa 107 3048 Budd Wade. .114
2938 D. of Richelu.109
Track Notes.
Starter Dick Dwyer "cut in" for his
two weeks with the gate and, made five
very pretty starts.
M. H. Tichenor and L. M. Newgass,
comprising the widely known Western
racing firm of Tichenor & Newgass, were
visitors at the track yesterday.
Barney Schrelber felt a trifle - out of
sorts yesterday because his name was
used in connection with that of Danny
Lynch in describing the win of The Oaks
by Muresca, and no doubt not without
some reason. Barney says he started
Satchel and held O'Connor to his en
gagement because he thought the filly
had a chance to get third money, and
never had a thought of depriving W. M."
Rogers of the rider's services. Had the
owner of Colonial Girl stated the facts
to him, the St. Louis penciler stated he
¦would very likely have scratched his en
try, which would have permitted O'Con
nor to accept the mount on the Rogers
entry. Barney says his name was once
connected with the energetic Steve
L'Hommedieu and he longs for no more
notoriety in that line.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race —Five and a half furlongs; selling:;
four-year-olds and upward.
326S William F. ..10S| 3244 Idaho Chef 11.104
3090 P Archibald.1071-3280 Alzura 102
3269 El Karn 104 3255 Forbes 104
3203 Kath. Knnls. .102 3275 Graylette 104
3215 February 10C 3259 Hilary 108
3143 Idalette 100- 3246 Screen. Lake.102
Johnny Hoar turned in Educate winner
of the last number, making his second
first for the afternoon. The mare went
to the post second choice to Reina de
Cuba, and led from start to finish. After
once looking like a winner, Alzura lost
the place to Clarando.
All because he was reported to have
outworked Autolight and had been given
his "prep" by Green Morris, which made
it an assured thing that Winnie O'Connor
would ride, Barnato, a rejuvenated crip
ple, was plunged on to win the six-furlong
selling affair. So hot was it and so widely
circulated that the books laid 8 to 5
opening. Later on 3 to 1 could be had.
Despite O'Connor's riding, the good. thing
couldn't raise a gallop, and was eased up
through the stretch. Bullman on Dr.
Boyle jumped away in the lead and was
not caught, downing Bard Burns a couple
of lengths. Tiburon disposed of The
Miller for show honors.
OVER a track that was very muddy
and inclined to be holding, with
here and there a dry patch, 1 it
could not be expected that horses
would % run true ! to form, and a
number of rank outsiders in the betting
annexed purses at Oakland yesterday. In
fact, The Weaver and Dr. Boyle were the
only successful favorites. Any number
of warm tips were floating about, espe
cially one on Barnato, a starter In the
fifth event, all of which served to keep
the attendance up to the average, even
in the face of threatening weather.
"Longshot" Conley landed Loyal S.^a
30 to 1 shot, winner at the wire a length
before the even money favorite, Arlgato,
in the opening mile selling run. At the
start the flrst choice" swerved and was
among the tail-enders around the flrst
turn. Redfern rushed him along down
the back stretch, but could not overhaul
the outsider, which won all the way.
Johnny Humphrey's little gelding, Mar
aschino, always meets one a pound or
two better in the races he starts in.
The Weaver went to the post an . even
money choice for the Futurity course
sprint next to be decided, and beat Mara
schino handily at the wir**, making, the
fourth time the latter has finished sec
ond. Vasallo ran a poor third.
No excuses could be offered for Mar
cato, the even money favorite for the
seven-furlong run. Bullman got the aged
cripple away flying, but could not brush
'off Castake, ridden by little Knapp, and
in a hard drive lost the verdict by a
nose. The winner's odds were played
from 5 down to 7 to 2. Flamero finished
third. • • .
TNever much of *a weight packer, Decoy,
a 6 to 5 favorite for the mile selling run,
ran second to The Gafflr, a 15 to 1 shot,
ably piloted by Johnny Hoar. Burns, who
rode the first choice, was cut off .at the
first turn and compelled to take his'mount
up. For a time Chandoo looked like thi
one to beat, but Hoar made a short cut
into the stretch with The Gafflr and at
the wire won by two open lengths. Es
ternell, away none too well, ran a fair
fourth.
Loyal S/a 30 to 1 Shot W
Opening Race-— Marcato, an Even Money Chance, Nosed
Out by Castake— Gaff ir Again Scores at Lengthy Odds
MUDDY GOING MIXES UP FORM
AT THE TRACK ACROSS THE BAY
.THE^S&N^
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
8
JpSffftrPrffM Fiji Tw*ft? H* e T"V i lT 2?
' j JHbAJHmkMQI HBBbS III !_!•
AcifY^wCgiQSjAi **C*3U8** 8 El m «¦ a
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also -relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue,. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
6mall Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Snperior to Apiol, Tansyv Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. Q
Apioline Capsulea for three months cost $2.
Druggist or P. O. Box 2081, 2»ew York.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MO.
Established 1S3L Con-
sultation and private boo «
free at office or by maii.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SI.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAU
MARKFT ST. 5 F \£*r '
OCF.ATf TEAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
gV^ Wharf, San Francisco:
Hsfcwjtiiw For Ketchikan, Juneau.
FjSjJ 0 "*^ 1^^. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
: llC£?2k1^*l m - Feb - 5 - 10 - 15 - -°- 25>
: iSaflBQ^Sal March 2. Change t3 com.
; £«48£*C-f«ii pany'a steamera at SeattlP.
A*^Kse?lM For Victoria, Vancouver.
'if- Port Town?end. Seattle, Taco-
"-•«% ma Everett, New Whatcom — ¦
11 a. m Feb. 5. *1O. 15. 20. 25. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for AlasRa and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Feb 1. 6 11. 16. 21. 26. March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An.
teles') — Steamer Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. » a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luts /Obispo) Santa Barbara. Ventnra. Hue-
neme'. East San Pedro. San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonita only).
Bonita 9 a. m.. Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27. March T.
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 7. 15. 23. March 3.
For Ensenada,' Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Rl?ht Is reserved to change steamers or Bail-
Ins- dates.
TICKI^T OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 A CO.. Gen. Agents.
.-^ - ..-• .. . io Market at.. San Francisco.
O.7?..A JV- CO.
Only Steamship Lino «o
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickot* to all
point*, nil rn" ot> Mteam<<hip and rail, at
IjO"WTBST OdjfVMSSI.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH sal KSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
...Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer nails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg*y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WIXX. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTI
' Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
S3. AMERICA MARU
* Friday. March 21st, 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. • .
W. H. AVERT.' General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Slid Americana de Vauorai
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Salllngr from How-
ard 3. trier 10, 12 m.
GUATKMALA-Feb. ISi SANTIAGO
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEI* ...—
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California, street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE gt CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceanics.s.co.=M"
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu!.............
---• Saturday. Feb. 15 "02 *2*n.m
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about FebV 19
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thura., Feb. 27, 10 a. m.
U LHHEU iBROS. CO., Bnaral lowrts. 327 HarMSt
Can I Panaoflar Otfisa, 843 Maria! St. Piar Ma. 7. Paciflc tt
PANAMA R, /HTST
TO. NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
5. 8. Leelannw sails Monday, Mar. 24
6. 8. Argyll sails Tuesday, April 29
- ' From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coa3t Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
From New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Feb. 19 Philadelphia ..Mar. 5
St. Louis Feb. 26;st. Paul Mar. 13
RED STAR LINE.
NETW TORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Feb. lOSouthwark Mar. 5
Friesland Feb. 261 Vaderiand Mar. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Paciflc Coast. 30 Montgomery it.
COMPAQJflS GENEaAI/5 TEANSATLAHTiaTJl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . _^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of. <£Sf1&f*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. riTiMrtrg
North River, Xoot of Msrtoa street.
First class U» Havre, |70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAXi
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN' A-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).. New
.York. J. F. FUGA2I& CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets Bold_bv_all_Ranroad Ticket Agents.
BAT AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FSir^AvTYARl AND%LLEJ3
'Stamen GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELM
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, s p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 1508. 'Landing »nd
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCS
BROS.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GA.'
People are often poisoned without
knowing when or how. Explain your case
fully to our physicians, and they, will
cheerfully give such information and ad-
vice as you require, without charge, and
we will send at the same time an interest*
ing book on Blood and Skin Diseases.
• Mr. S. M. Marshall, bookkeeper of the Atlanta
(Ga.) Gas Light Co., was poisoned with Poison
Oak. He took Sulphur, Arsenic and various
other drugs, and applied externally numerous
lotions and salves with no benefit. At times the
swelling: and inflammation was ao severe be was
almost blind. For eight years the poison would
break out every season. His condition was much
improved after taking one bottle of S. S. S., and
a few bottles cleared his blood of the poison, and
all evidences of the disease disappeared.
Poison OaKIiyf
Poison ivyjkjr
are among the best known :
of the many dangerous fcyjw\j/
¦wild plants and shrubs. )/
To toucH or handle them *ff JfofSL^f
quickly produces swelling 1!/Pwffi0{
and inflammation with in- \J/ \X&v
tense itching and burning jf f/^^.
of the skin. The eruption {[HJ^(f/tj^\
soon disappears, the suf- ih^T Vyjiy
ferer hopes forever; but M^ 1
almost as soon as the little blisters and
pustules appeared the poison had reached
the blood, and will break but at regular
intervals and each time in a more aggra-
vated form. This poison will loiter in the
system for years, and every atom of it
must be forced out of the blood before'you
can expect a perfect, permanent cure.
S^^ Nature's Antidote
feaPw Nature's Poisons,
is the only cure for Poison Oak,' Poison
Ivy, and all noxious plants. It is com-
posed exclusively of roots and herbs. Now
is the time to get the poison out of yotir
system, as delay makes your condition
worse. Don't experiment longer with
salves, washes and soaps — they never cure.
CAFE ROYAL m
valises checked fr.sa
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application. •
DIRECTORY
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS.BQYES&CO •gS >n V a agVg
COAL, COKE AND PI<J IRON.
j. c wilson & CD., .,3&&gg,raa
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI1
418 Front .t.. S. F. PhoniTSato 1710^
PRINTING.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets have" done it. do do
it. will do it. Try them 'and be convinced.
They are for sale at any drug store at 50 cents
a, box. It; will put you to very little troubl*
or exDer.se to prove what they will do for you.
Send to FiA. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich., for
their free l>ook about catarrh.. A postal' card
will brlne| It. Write to-day. .
Army Surgeon C. S. Se\-erly became so deaf
from catarrh that he was forced to resign his
position and abandon his profession. He says :
—"Of course my inherent professional preju-
dice was hard to overcome, but knowing of
the great benefit you had received, my dear
General, through the use of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, .1 used them. ¦ The great and almost
immediate relief I experienced was truly
astonishing. I am now entirely cured an3
have no fear of the I disease returning. I go
back to my old pest next month." i
Mrs. Jane Barlow, the famous modiste, says:
— "I tlraily had to give up personal attention
to my customers, and In consequence many of
them went slsewhere. I was in , despair, for
specialists seemed powerless to help me. Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets cured me in just a little
while so completely that now I hear as
well as ever."
That Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do effectually
cure catarrh of the eustachian tubes and the
head ncUes and deafness resulting 'therefrom
is attested, by the following:
that were Intended for them. What happened
to tl>em is of freauent occurrence, and in
three casea out of four might; have been pre-
vented by the use of Stuarfs Catarrh Tablets.
These tablets cure all kinds of catarrh. They
can be bought at any drug store for 60 cents a
box. ¦ . : . - ¦
Two acaualntances of the writer were run
down sad kilted by the ears tn one year. Both
had "catarrh of the bead, which had extended
up the eustacaian tube*, leading from thfc
throat to the middle car. and were quite hard
of he&itar. In. both, cases ..the Coroner's Jury
decided that they came to their, death be-
cause of inability to bear, and heed, signals
It should be understood and constantly
born? ir. mini that to rertcre the hearing and
¦Hence the distracting noises a treatment is
required that will allay Inflammation in the
eustachian tubes, reduce 'the congestion and
swelling and stop the secretion of mucus sc
that the tubes wi!I be and keep open for the
free passage of air into the middle ear. No
locally applied medicine will effectually flo
this, only a searching constitutional alterative
and resolvent will cure catarrh in the deep
recedes of the head.
Niie cases out of ten of head noises and
rrc«refrive hardness of hearing are due to
catarrh of the middle ear or of the tube leading
from it to the throat.
In nearly every can of partial or complete
deafness there is another feature that to many
is more troublesome than th» difficulty of hear-
ing -the distracting head noises. These make
fucli an Impression on some as to almost drive
them lr.san«. TUe everlasting burzlne, ring-
ing, snapping, rumble or roar distracts them
by day and prevents rest at night.
Impeinnent of bearing robe one of many of
the Joys ct life, erpose* to danger, interferes
*1th caoacity for usefulness, limits ability to
transact business and .earn a living. Many
annually abandon tl>e1r plans, ambitions and
ttopv on account of loss of hearing.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.,
23 First •tre.t. Saa Franclaco.
HpSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Wh^n your food does not digest
properly, the bowels become
clogged and the liver inactive.
The poisons and impurkies that
should be. carried -off are thus al-
lowed to accumulate, causing nau-
sea, sick headache,, indigestion,
dyspepsia and biliousness. The
best medicine to cure constipation
and : prevent .¦- these diseases .is
Hostetter 'sStomach Bitters. Try
a bottle and be convinced..'
CONSTIPATION.
ADVERTISEMENTS.the fact that 120,359 cases. G. H. MUMM'S
EXTRA DRY were imported in 1901, or
nearly 60,000 more than any other brand,
speaks volumes for its unsurpassed qual
ity. New importations are very dry, deli
cate; and breedy, and Immense reserves
guarantee maintenance of quality. • "
Whatever Others May Say,
PHOENIX, Feb. 10.— The commission of
Benjamin Daniels, twice confirmed by the
United States Senate to be United States
Marshal of Arizona, which had been for
warded to Chief Justice Webster Street
at Phoenix' for delivery to Daniels, waa
to-day mailed back to Washington by
Justice Street, in 'accordance with the
reauest of the President. '
Daniels' Commission Held Up.
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T., Feb. 10.—
This morning at 7 o'clock as three miners
were descending mine No. 11 for the pur
pose of going to work the trap parted,
causing the car to dash down to the end
of the track. All of the occupants of the
car were killed outright, one having his
bead severed from his body. The names
of the killed are: Mike Smith, John Jack
imo and John R. Abble. ¦ . - ,
Three Miners Are Killed.
MISSOULA. Mont, Feb. 10.-Fifteen
Northern Pacific switchmen to-day went
on strike here, and the trouble threatens
to become general. The men refused a
road engine for switching. It is said the
superintendent promised to 'meet the men
and adjust the differences, but failed to
put in an appearance at the time stipu
lated and the switchmen walked out To
night it is reported that non-union men.
are coming from Helena to take -the
places of the strikers, and there is con
siderable excitement.
Is Threatened.
ers' Places and More Trouble
Non-Union Men Will Take the Strik-
MONTANA SWITCHMEN !
GO OUT ON A STRIKE
LONDON. Feb. 10.— The Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curzon of Keddleston, tele
graphrs that the famine outlook is very
serious. No rain has fallen, and the
plague tit rats In Gujerat. Rajpootana
and Central India is assisting In the de
struction of the crops. The relief works
are beir.g rapidly extended. .
Tear a Famine in India.
BRUSSELS, Feb. 10.— Stringent police
and military measures will be taken to
counteract the Socialist demonstration to
morrow on the occasion of the commence
ment In the Chamber of Deputies of the
debate on universal suffrage. The Social
ists threaten to surround the house, and
an Invasion of the building ie feared. All
the approaches to the Chamber, ministe
rial offices and the palace will be strongly
held by troops and civil guards.
Socialists Make Threats.
Ayes — Booth. Brandenstein, Comte, Connor,
Curtis, D"Ancona, Loughery, McClellan, Payot,
Sanderson, Wilson,' Wynn — 12. t . .
r Noes— Bent, . Boxton, Braunhart, ' Eggcrs,
Lynch. Alpers — 6. - ; , . ' • •
Braunhart changed his vote to aye and
gave notice of reconsideration. I The mo
tion to reconsider at next Monday's meet
ing • was . lost • by, the same vote ' that de
feated the ordinance. The motion to re
consider immediately, was also lost, and
this effectually disposes of the matter for
some time to come. ¦ . ¦ .
defeat. The vote to strike out the en
acting clause follows:
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 10.— Frank James,
who at one time was a -member of the
famous James boys' gang, secured a tem
porary injunction in the Circuit Court
here to-day, restraining a theatrical com
pany now playing at a local theater from
presenting the play, "The James Boys In
Missouri," in which the members of the
James family are made to .represent train
robbers, bank looters and' outlaws of- the
worst character. James says his main
.objection to the play is that it glorifies
outlawry and makes heroes of them and
it Is Injurious to the youth of the country.
Family Represented as Train-
Robbers and Outlaws.
Objects to Having Members of His
FRANK JAMES ENJOINS
PRODUCTION OF A PLAY
B. Kerr has left for a tour of the south
eastern counties to investigate the re
ports about starving cattle. In Baca
County thousands of cattle on the ranges
«-re ea-id to- be dj'ing from starvation and
exposure. The cause of the mortality Is
due to the scarcity of gra$s and the freez
ing of the water holes.
Sheep Dying From. Starvation.
DENVER, Feb. 10.— Humane Agent H.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— General de
bate on the oleomargarine bill was closed
to-day. The friends of the bill have de
cided to offer an amendment to make the
10 cents tax apply to oleomargarine Imi
tation of butter "of any shade of yellow."
The amendment is designed to meet the
charge of the opponents of the bill that
without this language the bill might be
construed to absolutely prohibit the sale
of oleomargarine. The speakers to-day
were: Haugen. Thomas, Shallenberger,
Nebraska; Dahle, Wllconsln; Galnes,
Tennessee, and Lamb, Virginia, for the
bill and Feeley, Illinois; Slayden, Illinois;
Mondell, Wyoming: Brantley. Georgia,
and Woolf. Texas, in opoeltion.
Oleomargarine Bill Argued.
SPOKANE, Feb. 10.— Seven years In the
penitentiary in Walla Walla was the sen
tence imposed to-day by Judge" Rudkin
upon Attorney W. A. Lewis, convicted of
having stolen more than $1000 from Mrs.
Nettie Brauer Platt, one of his clients.
The sentence was accompanied by scath
ing comment by the Judge. . Lewis was
convicted on Saturday of having stolen
money from Mary Lambert, another
client, but sentence In this case was de
ferred. He will remain in the County Jail
pending decisions on his appeals to the
Supreme Court.
Lewis was formerly a prominent lawyer
here. His case has gained additional no
toriety because of his flights to Seattle
and Denver to escape prosecution, he
having lived in both cities for some time
under assumed names.
Seven Years in Walla Walla
Penitentiary.
Court Gives W. A. Lewis of Spokane
LAWYER IS SENTENCED
FOR ROBBING A CLIENT
FAVORS NICARAGUA ROUTE
AS THE EASIEST TO BUILD
Senate Committee.
Professor Haupt of -the Isthmian
, Commission Testifies Before the
WASHINGTON, Feb. lO.-Professor
Lewis M. Haupt of the Isthmian Canal
Commission testified before the Senate
Committee on Interoceanic Canals to-day
concerning the engineering features con
nected with the construction of a canal
across the isthmus- of Panama. He said
that while, the proposed Panama canal Is
much shorter than the Nicaragua, the to
tal distance to be covered by vessels in
making the voyage, say from New York
to San Francisco, would be much greater
by the former than by the latter route.
He also said that he apprehended much
difficulty m constructing the big dam at
Bohio, on the Panama line. Another point
made by him as favorable to the Nica
ragua route was that the harbors at the
two ends of that route could be much
more economically maintained than could
those at the ends of the Panama route.
Pensions for Former Confederates.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— A favorable
report to-day was authorized by the Sen
ate Committee on Pensions on the joint
resolution construing the pension 1 law of
1890. The resolution is intended to give a
pensionable status to those who served
in the Confederate army and subsequently
joined the United States and are now de
nied the benefits of the act of ISM on the
ground that they gave aid to the rebel
lion. The committee expresses the opinion
that it was the intention of the framers
of the act of 1890 to include such persons
within its provisions. ,
Boy Browned While Skating.
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T., Feb. 10.—
While a number of boys were skating: on
the ice at No* 5 pond yesterday the Ice
broke and the six-year-old son of John
Jakaskl of Krebs fell into the water
and waa drowned. His body was not re
covered until 11 o'clock last night.
Its crater is 26^ Inches wide and 41
inches in length. Its eruptions are simi
lar to those of the Constant, only about
six times greater in volume. The length
of the eruptions vary from three to eleven
minutes at Intervals of from one hour to
one and three-quarter hours.
ST. PAUL. Feb. 10.— Major John Pitch
er, U. S. A., superintendent of the Yel
lowstone National Park, Is authority for
the statement that the ice crew of tho
Yellowstone Park Association, coming
from Lower Gf yser Basin to the new ho
tel at Norris Geyser Basin, had their at
tention drawn to an unexpected and en
tirely new exhibition of volcanic action
in the Porcelain Basin, and that it had
been christened the Twentieth Century
Geyser. It Is situated 131 feet east of the
Constant Geyser.
I/ength of the Eruptions Vary From
Three to Eleven Minutes at
Short Intervals.
DISCOVER 2TEW VOLCANO
I2J THE PORCELAIN BASIK"
California: Original— Ole Johnson, Fort
Bragg, $8. War with Spain— Patrick J.
Kord, San Francisco, ?8; George Crits
man, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8;
Sylvester Fastlick, Oro FIno, $12; George
Thomas, Tulare, $10; Watson C. Atwood,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8. Mexican
War— Asa M. Bowen, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $12; Hiram S. Woods, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $12. Widows— Delflne
F. Carrillo, Carpinteria, T8; Anna. Long,
Los Angeles, $8.
Oregon: Original— Thomas J. Warmoth,
Brownsville, $6; Joseph Anson, Island
City, $10.
Washington: Original— James M. White,
Spokane, $8. War with Spain— John .C.
Burnett. Tacoma, $6. Increase^ — Andrew
J Stark, New Whatcom, 510; Joseph B.
Long. Wayside, $10. Widows— Martha
Currington, Black Diamond, $8; Mary E.
Brown, Spokane, $8; Ernestine Deutsch,
Anacortes, $8. • ¦ -
Army orders — Second Lieutenants
George C. Marshall Jr., Thirtieth Infan
try, Dewitt W.- Chamberlin, Second In
fantry, and Charles C. Hermann Jr.,
Third Infantry, are ordered to Columbus
Barracks for duty with recruits for the
Philippines via San Francisco.
The following contract surgeons are or
dered to San Francisco and the Philip
pines: Harry Greenberg. from Milwau
kee, and Hubert Grieger, from South
Milwaukee, Wis.
Washington— H. L. Kirkham, Diamond,
Whitman County, vice A- S. Hamilton,
removed.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for January, 1902, were $100,982,
against $97,200 in January, 1901.
These pensions were granted to-day:
Postmasters appointed: California— N.
A. Armstrong, Shaf ter. Kern County, vice
Mamie Potter, resigned.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— The following
postmasters were commissioned to-day:
California— Eugene Don, Santa Clara;
George W. Holmes, Selma.
Washington — W. H- Belknap, Browns
ville.
Service and More N"ew Pen
sions Granted.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE ,
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUSA. Feb. 10.— After eighteen years
the murder of Charles Hemstreet, commit*
ted in Princeton, this county, on Septem
ber 5, 1SS4, is to be avenged. James Leon
ard has been captured in Hondo. Tex.,
and has made a full confession. Several
weeks ago Sheriff J. H. Sherer and Dis
trict Attorney I. G. Zumwalt obtained a
clew to the fugitive's whereabouts, and
since then they have kept the wires busy,
with the result that a telegram has been
received from Texas officials- announcing
the capture and confession of Leonard.
Tho necessary requisition papers have
been received from the Governor, and to
day Sheriff Sherer left for Texas to bring
Leonard back for trial.
On the night of the murder Hemstreet
and three other men>.were shaking dice in
a saloon, when two masked men entered
with drawn revolvers and commanded,
"Hands up!" All but Hemstreet compiled.
Hemstreet attempted to draw a revolver
and both robbers fired. He fell dead in
his tracks. • .
The murderers fled to the river, and In
attempting to swim across one of them
wa3 drowned. His body was recovered a
few days afterward. A reward waa of
fered for the capture of the other, but no
trace of him could be found until several
weeks ago. When he was arrested and
confronted with the evidence in the of
ficers' hands he acknowledged hla Identity
and made a full confession, as follows:
My name is James Leanard. I am 60 years
of fige. In 1884 I went to California and went
to the northern part of the State. .Qne after
noon in the forepart of September. I think It
was, I met a young fellow a few miles abova
Princeton. I never learned his name. We had
a couple of bottles of whisky which we drank
quite freely and we became intoxicated. Later
we started for Princeton and when nearly
there my companion proposed to me to hoid
up and rob the saloon. I agreed. We then
went In at the front door and covered the
three or four men who were In there with our
pistols and told them to hold up their hands,
which all did except Hematreet. and as ha
tried to pull his gun we both fired and ha
fell.
When we saw that we had killed him we ran
to the river and Jumped In to swim across.
I reached the other side and made my escape,
but I do not believe my companion did. as I
never saw or heard of him after that. I
learned later that a reward was offered for
me and I left the State and have been on the
dodge ever since. ••» > • , - 1 ¦. •• .
.' Our object was robbery* and neither of us
expected to have to kill any one. I am glad
the chase Is over, and I had rather suffer for
my crime than live over again the past years.
If Sheriff Sherer meets no trouble la
getting his man he should arrive horn*
with him Sunday or Monday. >>.'>
Railroad Must Fay tho Fire Losses.
1 DENVER, Colo., Feb. 10.— Tho Court of
Appeals of Colorado to-day decided that
the "Denver and ; Hio Grande Railway
Company Is responsible for the losses en
tailed by tho fire which burned the old
Antlers Hotel and some other property at
Colorado Springs, October 1, 1898. The
suit against the railway company waa
brought by some of the insurance com
panies which were caught by th© flre. It
was a test case, and is said to - Involve
losses aggregating $400,000. The flre is al
leged to have been caused by sparks from
a locomotive which first set flre to the
Rio Grande depot.
"I know," said Mr. Aguirre, "just "what
can be done with the gallows now In the
prison. I have had several testg, and,
while some fell short of my expectations,
no blunder was ever made. With the elec
tric chair I am not fully cognizant, and,
although there is no doubt that the East
ern chairs are successful. I would not
care to officiate or even be present at
an electrocution 'that might prove a fail
ure. With the gallows now here the worn
is done so quickly that the unfortunate
does not suffer pain. However, if the
Legislature sees fit to make the change
in San Quentin, well and good."
Warden Aguirre of San Quentin said to
day that he preferred the gallows to
electrocution.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 10. — A movement Is
on foot to substitute electrocution for the
gallows in San Quentin prison. The ad
visability of the ' change has been so
earnestly advocated that there is a de
termination to produce certain facts be
fore the next Legislature in the hope that
a bill will be passed making; electrocution
in this State legal. A local electric com
pany, it.is said, offers to supply the cur
rent for the electric chair. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Murderer Is Captured
After Eighteen Years'
Search.
Movement Is Under Way
to Change Method
of Execution.
In the complaint for divorce Mrs. Her
melin charges her husband with cruelty.
She says that he struck her on the face
¦with his fist and this morning threw
dishes and other articles at her and
drove her from her home. She alleges
that she has been unable to return for
fear of her life. Mrs. Hermelin wants
her husband restrained from threatening
violence and from disposing or seques
trating her property. A permanent
monthly maintenance of $75 is asked for.
French society in this city was set agog
last June by the filing of a $20,000 breach
of promise suit by Mrs. Hector Lagrue
against Julian Hermelin, proprietor of
the Liberty Hotel, at the corner of El
Dorado and San Pedro streets. Mrs. La
grue was the widow of Hector Lagrue, a
well known liquor dealer, who left her a.
fortune of $50,000. Within a year she and
Hermelin had become engaged and had
signed a written agreement to marry. By
the terms of this contract Mrs. Lagrue
was to give Hermelin a portion of her
estate' and in return he "was to give her
an interest in the hotel.
Hermelin later refused to marry her
and she sought reparation in the court.
Before the case came to trial Hermelin
changed his mind and they were wedded.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— After seven
months of wedded life, resulting from the
filing of a $20,000 breach of promise suit,
Mrs. Renee L. Hermelin to-day brought
suit in the Superior Court for a divorce
from Julian Hermelin. Not only this, but
she had her husband arrested for battery
and he has been held for trial "in $500
bonds.
Eseclal Dissatch to The Call.
In the autumn they came out for sup
plies, intending to go in again in the
spring, but Mrs. Heckleton's husband died
suddenly and she postponed the return
trip frcm year to year. She married again
and sent her second husband in quest of
the rich gold creeks, with a map of their
location, but he returned without finding
anything. New assays of the rock taken
out fifteen years ago have been made
lately and show several hundred dollars
to the ton. Xow Mrs. Hackleton has de
cided to etart out to find the gold for her
eelf.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 10.— Four
hundred miles north of Vancouver to an
unexplored, unsettled and mountainous
section of the Chllcotin country is the
arduous journey upon which the plucky
wife of a Vancouver citizen has started
in order to relocate a number of valuable
quartz and placer claims which had been
Etakcd out some fifteen years ago by her
first husband, since deceased. The woman
undertaking: this adventurous trip to the
irozen north is Mrs. J. Heckleton, who
nearly a score of years ago accompanied
her husband across the plains from the
Eastern States. The couple arrived at Asii
croft in 1SS5, and from there traveled
north to the Chileotin country. During
the summer they prospected the surround
ing creeks and found gold Jn paying quan
tities. They cleaned up $3000 in less than
four months with crude implements con
structed by themselves. During the sum
mer Mrs. Heckleton found a ledge of gold
bearing quartz, ¦which seemed to be the
parent ledge from which all the gold
washed into the creek came.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
LAW WILL TAKE
TARDY REVENGE
ELECTRIC CHAIR
FOR SAN QUENTIN
Starts on Perilous Trip
to Wilds of Frozen
North.
Divorce Suit Sequel to
Breach of Promise
Scandal.
THROWS DISHES
AT HIS SPOUSE
WOMAN TO SEEK
LOST GOLD VEIN
The whole subject matter was then re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee to in
quire' into . the legal phases of the ques
tion, and next Friday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock was set as the time for the in-
QUiry.
D'Ancona presented a substitute reso
lution requesting the City Attorney to
advise as to what officer is empowered in
the case of the removal or resignation of
the clerk of the Justices* Court to fill the
vacancy. Mayor Schmitz said Judge Cook
had decided that the Justices of the Peace
had no right to remove their clerk. D'An
cona objected to taking action on Wynn's
resolution until legal advice had been
taken.
"It should certainly be determined,"
said the Mayor, "whether the charter or
Code of Civil Procedure governs in this
matter. If the code governs, then three
deputies in the Justices' clerk's office
have ben drawing salaries illegally. The
code provides for only two deputies, but
three additional deputies have been ap
pointed' under the charter. Something
must be done to unravel the entangle
ments which two offices of Justices', clerk
are causing."
After the communication had been read
Wynn introduced a resolution approving,
ratifying and confirming the action of
Mayor Schmitz in appointing Powel Fred
rick Justices' clerk to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of E. W. Wil
liams and declaring Powel Fredrick ap
pointed as Justices' clerk.
I have taken the liberty respectfully of pre
senting to you these facts and views in the
hope that they may be of some assistance to
your honorable body In arriving at a correct
determination of your duty in the premises.
Wants Mayor's Appointment Eatified
First — Is- the Justices' clerkship an office
created by the charter or by the Code of Cfvil
Procedure?
Second— In either event, upon whom falU
the duty of filling the vacancy?
If the office is a charter creation, then there
is no field for doubt. Your honorable body has
no power in the premises. If it is a creation
of the Code of Civil Procedure, it is made a
"municipal affair" by the code, and under
sections 6 and 8 of article XI of the constitu
tion, the- charter . provisions control and va
cancies in this office must be filled by the
Mayor.
Subsequently, conceding the Invalidity ot
their action, but still determined to force liti
gants to do their business with Windrow, the
Justices, as I am informed, addressed to your
honorable body a nomination and recommenda
tion that Mr. Windrow be appointed by you
to fill the vacancy caused' by their unauthorized
"removal" of Williams, in tfie meantime main
taining the pretension of Windrow to legal au
thority. This very action admitted the Impro
priety of the conduct of the Justices of the
Peace, as it is a concession that they had no
power or right to install Mr. Windrow in of
fice. Whether your honorable body has in the
premises power to appoint a successor to Wil
liams depends upon the solution of two ques
tions:"
Concede Action to Be Invalid.
Notwithstanding these considerations the
Justices, without any right or authority, pro
ceeded to install Windrow as clerk, and for
mally ordered all litigants to file their papers
only with Windrow; declaring that they would
not recognize any filing or process Issued by
the rightful clerk, Mr. Fredrick, and to this
date they etate their Intention to stand by
their arbitrary assumption of ; authority, for
under the conditions and circumstances of the
case the appointment of Windrow could not in
any manner be or become a Valid act.
On January 29, 1902, about midnight, the
Justices of the Peace did, at the Hotel Pleas
anton, assume without trial to remove from
office Mr. Williams (who had theretofore al
'ready resigned), on the grounds of malfeasance
and misfeasance in office, and to appoint one
Joseph Windrow in. his stead. No power is
vested in the Justices of the Peace by any law
or charter provision to remove any officer
holding for a fixed term. That power* is vested
solely in the Superior Court, on proper, im
peachment proceedings, and in the Mayor,
under charter provisions, and, as • already
stated, the power of appointment to fill-vacan
cies is also devolved upon the Mayor. Mr.
Windrow has never qualified and Mr. Fredrick
had qualified before Windrow had even ten
dered his informal bond.
Removed Without Trial.
A question has been raised as to whether
the chief clerk of the Justices of the Peace
is, an officer provided by -charter or by the
Code of Civil Procedure. The charter provides
(chapter VII, . article V) that the original ap
pointment of such clerk shall be by the Jus
tices of the Peace, leaving the filling of va
cancies as prescribed by the sections above
referred to. The Code of Civil Procedure (sec
tion 8«) provides that the original appointment
of such clerk shall be by .your honorable body
on the recommendation of the Justices, and
designates the clerk a city and county officer.
I am advised that the filling of vacancies In
all city and county offices devolves upon the
Mayor. So that whether the Justices' clerk
ship be an office created by charter or by
statute, the appointment by the Mayor of Mr.
Fredrick to succeed Mr. Williams was proper.
. The Board of Supervisors took a hand
in 'the Justices'- clerk controversy yester
day and delegated the Judiciary Commit
tee to make an investigation for the pur
pose of determining the appointing power
in the matter of filling the vacancy cre
ated by the resignation of E. W. Williams
from the position. The matter came up
after a communication from Mayor
Schmitz had been read exnlaming his po
sition in. his appointment of Powel Fred
rick. After reciting the history of the
case, the Mayor says in his communica
tion: - . :
It was then that Comte moved to striko
out the enacting clause, which was sec
onded by Brandenstein. Comte 'said the
board had a duty to perform by protect
ing .the morality '. of the city. Branden
stein opposed the bill because, he i-saiil
the conditions under which it was sought
to force It through the board merited its
Frank J. Symmes, president of the
Merchants' Association, said that a poll
of sthe • association had- resulted in 311
members in favor of and 483. against the
ordinance. Symmes said, that the ma
jority ¦ ruled, and ; the association wished
to go on record against the bill. Rev.
Dr. J. N. Beard and Rev. F. A. Doane
spoke vigorously against the opening of
Ingleside. Protests . against the passage
of the ¦ bill were then registered by the
Mission evangelical churches and H' G
Matheson. Charles Zinkand ¦ spoke for
the bill and a petition in favor of it by
400 barbers was ; file*d. . " . -
Many Protests Begistered."
Rev. A. C. Bane held that If gambling
Is morally right it should go on every
day, but if morally wrong we should not
have it for one day. He said the history
of the race track was written' in the
police courts and the Morgue. J. C. Hen
derson, representing the Good Govern
ment Club, . approved the remarks of tho
clergymen that had preceded him, while
Herbert 'Choynski, argued in favor of the
ordinance. ; ' ;
The reopening of Ingleside is not ..for the
welfare of the city. Horse racing is not so
bad but it is conditioned on betting. Now,
betting means gambling, or the selling of pools.
Gambling is robbery, because he who gets his
money in that way gets it. without producing
"it and every principle of financial and political
economy is violated. Some say 'it Is unfair to
take away property. I grant it, but not if the
property is invested in Interests to the detri
ment of tho community. They say you should
allow the privilege - here because . it is per
mitted in San Mateo and Emeryville. That
principle would, hold for burglary if It were
allowed in <regard • to other illegal practice*.
There are' signs over homes reading: "Here
are sons and daughters to be reared; here are
youngr men you are to protect in honesty and
uprightness." ¦ . ¦ ' ,
Rev J. S. Thomas requested that the
resolution passed by the Law and Order
League, opposing the passage of the or
dinance, be read, which was done. Dr.
Thomas said:
Clergymen Oppose Ordinance.
P M Clarkson, a property owner in the
vicinity of Ingleside, pleaded for the open
ing of the track, because, he said, condi
tions would be improved thereby. George
Nagle, representing the Knrghts of tne
Royal Arch, composed of wholesale and
retail liquor dealers, argued that . the
opening of the track was a. business
proposition in which . a large number of
men were interested. ,
I Wish to enter my emphatic protest against
the proposed ordinance. It seems to me that
the arguments advanced In favor of the meas
ure proceed from sordid, mercenary and selfish
principles. The only conclusion to be derived
Is that Williams has made a bad investment.
There is a loftier principle involved than mere
commercial spirit. This board has taken a
manly stand in the past, and I beg of it not
to recede therefrom. I- register my protest
against the gambling feature of the proposition
and the blighting influence It exerts. The
Mayor was recently obliged to remove a city
official for attending the races, and a former
City Treasurer is now in San Quentin for the
same reason. I speak for true material pros
perity The money that goes to the racetracks
is taken away from legitimate channels and
Is money that should go into savings banks.
W. R. Pease charged the board with
doing an nijustice to the Ingleside track
owners by taking their property away.
He said that the taxpayers had been In
jured to the extent of millions and men
tioned that the State honors the sport
by helping out the district fairs.
John W. Rodgers, wl}o was the first
speaker In opposition to the bill, said:
The Drivers' Association, composed of gen
tlemen whose respectability d&nnot be im
peached, request me to state that they have
passed a resolution in favor of the Lynch ordi
nance. The question involved is, shall horse
racing be permitted in San Francisco and shall
the business men and tradesmen reap some of
the benefits which It will confer? There are
stablemen and hay men in the association, and
if the ordinance passes business will come to
them. I am not here to make a plea for gam
bling, but for common sense.
Senator E. I. Wolfe made a plea for
the passage of the ordinance on behalf
df the Goldeif Gate Park Drivers' Asso
ciation. He said: i
Pleads for Passage of Ordinance.
Robert Duke appeared on behalf of the
Brewers' Protective Association, and
said that if the ordinance was passed it
would give employment to 1500 men and
bring 1000 blooded horses to this city.
Duke said that the establishing of Ingle
side had caused a village to spring up
in the suburbs. When the track was
closed It threw many men out of employ
ment, causing a loss of many thousands
of dollars." Duke held- that* the race track
had been made the -scapegoat of every
crime, and if the track were reopened the
village would spring up again.
Our enemies have charged that we intended
to have unrestricted racing, and yet we have
announced but 15U days instead. The new club
has increased the value of the purses and rac
ing has in every way benefited tnrough our
efforts. The sum of $dOO,OUO was epent on ln
gleai-le track wnen there was no ordinance
against racing. Max .Popper has stated that
the city should buy the track. We will sell it
to the city, to any corporation, or to Mr. Popper
at cost and agree to give a check of $100,000
to this board to be distributed In charity, la
it right to absolutely confiscate our property?
I appeal to you as business men, is it lair to
tie up $000,000? "We must pay insurance,
taxes and other expenses. We have received
congratulations from ex-Secretary of the Navy
Whitney, August Belmont and James K. Keer.e
for the high and honorable methods with which
we conduct our business. If it, were possible
for this board to pass a law which would for
ever prohibit racing In San Francisco I would
agree to tear down the Ingleside buildings and
turn the place Into a cow pasture.
Thomas H. Williams, president of the
New California Jockey club, was the
nrst to be heard in support of the ordi
nance. Williams told or the efforts of his
organization to put racing on an honest
basis, and referred to the fact that the
sport was encouraged by the titled heads
oi" all Europe. lie continued:
The first compromise of the race track
promoters was demonstrated when Su
pervisor Braunhart moved to strike out
"sixty days " and insert in lieu tnereof
"thirty-six days' as the period during
which pool selling would be allowed. Su
pervisor iiggers seconded the motion, and
ijynch, the author of the bill, accepted
the amendment. Jiggers moved that the
people interested De given an opportun
ity to be heard, and Brandensteins mo
tion that five minutes be the limit for
each speaker was carried.
Makes Plea "for tne Sport.
That extraordinary interest was taken
in the ordinance was evident from, the
unusually large crowd present -in the
Supervisors' chambers. A number of
clergymen of several denominations
were present to voice vigorous objections
to the proposed, bill. Professional men
and business men we're on hand, some to
urge the passage of the measure, »while
others joined tne clergymen in their op
position.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
fused to pass to print the proposed or
dinance legalizing the selling of pools on
horse races within the track inclosure
for a 'period of sixty days in any calen
dar year. The measure was killed | on
Comte's motion, to strike out the enact
ing clause, .which renders it nugatory
and of no effect. Comte's motion-pre
vailed by a vote of 12 in favor .to C
against, and; the reopening of. Ingleside,
which would have followed the passage
of the : bill, was made impossible. Not
only was the measure defeated by the
decisive vote noted, but a motion to re
consider at next Monday's meeting was
lost by the same vote that killed the
enacting clause, and still another motion
to reconsider at once was defeated like
wise.
Brandenstein explained that after due
Investigation by the Finance Committee
the record showed that the firm had over
charged the city for printing transcripts
on appeal in criminal cases. He also filed
a minority report as a member of the
Finance Committee recommending the
passage of the resolution. The majority
report of the committee recommended
that the City Attorney advise if any re
course could be had against the firm or
the former County Clerk, Treasurer and
Auditor for the excessive charges. Wynn's
motion that the resolution be considered
at the next meeting was adopted. i
A resolution making a demand -on the
firm for the return of $2844 60 alleged to
have been overcharged was adopted
The Board of Works was requested to
reportlthe streets from which the Market
Street Ttailway Company has not removed
abandoned tracks and restored the pave
ment to its original condition f also to re
port why the abandoned tracks on Cali
fornia street, between Montgomery and
Sansome, had not been taken up and the
roadway repaved.
Brandenstein introduced a resolution di
recting the Printing Committee to refuse
to accept any bid from the firm of Phil
lips, Smyth & Van Orden to perform any
labor or furnish any material to this city
and also declaring the firm to be an Irre
sponsible bidder.
Printing Firm in Trouble.
The bill authorizing the Board of Works
to expend $1958 as an experiment in beau
tifying Van Ness avenue, between Bush
and Pine streets, by planting, trees there
on was defeated.
Mrs. Robert Barnet, Mrs. J. J. Scovtlle
ana Mrs. D. Hamden, representing the
California Club, addressed the board In
favor of the bill. Frank J. Symmes said
the Merchants' Association approved the
proposed improvement. Attorney Joseph
Rothschild, representing a number of pro
testing property owners residing north of
Bush street, opposed the plan. Supervisor
Curtis explained that the Improvement
was. in the nature of an experiment. Su
pervisor Wynn thought the money should
be used to improve other streets that are
sadly in need of it. After the vote was
announced Brandenstein gave notice of re
consideration, to give several members
who were absent an opportunity to vote
on the measure.
Parking of Van Ness Avenue.
The Board of Works was directed to fit
up a jury-room in the Hall of Justice for
the accommodation of the criminal de
partments of the Superior Court.
¦ The claim of Santiago Uribe for $1020 50
for damages alleged to have been sus
tained through bodily injury and destruc
tion of property by a mob of disorderly
persons was rejected.
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to remove the obstructions on Howth,
Louisburg and Tara streets.
The ordinance setting aside $1000 to fit
up election booths at the Pesthouse to
accommodate patients was passed to
print. »
The ordinance creating the positions of
cashier and stock clerk In the license
office at salaries respectively of $150 and
$100 was passed to print. Hugo Herzer
¦will be appointed to the first named posi
tion by Tax Collector, Smith.
The Olympic Salt Water Company was
directed to connect two hydrants to Its
main at the corners of Ocean Boulevard
and B street and B street and Forty
ninth avenue.
Ordinances were passed to print estab
lishing grades on Frederick street, pro
viding tor the full acceptance of the
crossing of North Point and Hyde streets
and establishing the lines of Ban Jose
avenue between Twenty-ninth and Thir
tieth streets.
The petition ot the West of Castro
Street Improvement Company, favoring a
maximum rate of $1 per thousand cuoic
feet for gas to the end that a uniform
price be paid by all consumers, -was re
ferred to the Light Committee. ¦
An ordinance establishing grades on
streets bordering on the Intersection of
the tide land blocks bounded by China
Basin, Illinois street, Central Basin and
the seawall was passed to print.
Grades Hear China Basin.
The board adopted a resolution request
ing the City Attorney to advise whether
or not a. dismissal ot appeal is advisable
in the matter of condemnation proceed
ings for the acquisition of land for at.
Mary's Square.
Thomas S. Malloy was appointed a clerk
for a period of four months to revise
the ordinances in conformity with the
charter. . *
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to remove the canopy and furni
ture in Sueperior Judge Dunne's court
room, and to place the courtroom in the
possession of the Public Library was in
definitely postponed, as Judge Dunne has
moved to the Hall of Justice.
A communication was received from the
Fire Department notifying tho board that
a medal will be presented to Frank Gor
man on February 14, at 10 a. m., for heroic
conduct at a recent fire. .The presentation
will be made by Mayor Schmitz.
Robert J. Loughery, the newly appointed
member of the ooard, was introduced by
Mayor Schmitz shortly after i.he board
convened. Supervisor ijoughery., thanked
the Mayor for his appointment and tx
pressed the hope that he would serve
the people as well as had his predecessor,
the late Lawrence J. Dwyer. Lioughery's
remarks were received with applause.
Loughery was placed on the Fire, .finance
and Artificial JLdghts committees.
Supervisor loughery Takes Seat.
The crowning, shame of the institution nick
named by the public "hospital" is the placing
of coiiMiinptive patients in the same room with
other patients. We most earnestly recommend
and btg you to at once provide separate quar
ters for these unfortunates, the expense to be
taken trom the emergency fund. We do not
think sufficient provision is made for the hos
pital as sickness increases with the growth
of the city.
We picture with horror the terrible effects of
a oonlif.sratiou in the hospital, there being but
one small exit In the rear of the building.
The number of patients in the hospital is
420. There are 42 muses and at Jio time are
more than 21 on duty at the same time. We
recommend that the number be increased at
once in order that patients may receive proptr
attention. The filthy and unsanitary condition
of ihs lavatories make them unrtt l'or use by
human beings, besides breeding disease. Four
additional operating rooms are needed and
electric lights are imperative, as the surgeoas
cannot uerform operations at night without
them.
The Grand Jury sent a communication
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors
containing a report of its investigation
of the City and County Hospital and pre
senting certain recommendations for the
improvement of the institution. The com
munication, which was referred to tho
Finance Committee, says: . . .
Bill to Beautify Van Ness
Avenue Meets With
Defeat.
Judiciary - Committee Will
Decide Who Has Power
to Appoint.
Supervisors Hear Many. Cit
izens on Both Sides. of
Question.
Bill to Legalize the Sell
ing of Pools Is De
feated. «
Grand Jury Asks Super
visors to Take Action
Immediately.
Supervisors Take a Hand
in Justices' Clerk.
Controversy.
WOULD IMPROVE
CITY HOSPITAL
MAYOR URGES
BOARD TO ACT
INGLESIDE WILL
NO T BE OPENED
THE SAN FRANQISCO' CALL^; TUESDAY, FEBRUAKY 11, 11)02.
tThe favorite recreation of President
Eliot of Harvard during his vacation is
sailing, ' and . in . this • he - indulges nearly
every day, being a first rate ; sailor -and
handling a boat with no little skill.
9
What Shall We
Haye for Dessert ?
This question arises in the family
' cver y day- Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert. ' Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling ! no
baking! add boiling water and set to
cool. Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
ftt your grocers to-day, io cts.
Sons of Temperance."
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
No other female medicine in the world has received such
¦widespread and unqualified endorsement. Refuse all substitutes.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick women to -write her for advice.
She has sr"ir1*»rl +*»^>r;«svnds to TiAaTtl*. JiAtl-rt^en. T,*rv*r\. TWnJVU
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Being a mother of five children I
have had experience with the general troubles of my sex. I was
lacerated when one of my children was born and from that hour I
date all my afflictions. I found that within a few months my health
was impaired, I had female weakness and serious inflammation and
frequent flooding. I became weak and <Hzzy but kept on my feet,
dragging through my work without life or pleasure. A neighbor
who had been helped by taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound insisted that I take at least one bottle. I did so and
felt so much better that I kept on the treatment. For seven months
I used the Compound faithfully and gladly do I say it, health and
strength are mine once more. I know how to value it now when it
was so nearly lost, and I appreciate how, great a debt I owe you.
The few dollars I spent for the medicine cannot begin to pay what it
was worth to me. Yours very truly, Mrs. Anna McKay, Chaplain
Mrs. Annie McKay, Chaplain Sons of
Temperance, 326 Spadina Ave., Toronto,
Cured of Severe Female Troubles by Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ' I - ' "¦ ¦
wnnaxr <¦» T THt wecnii « tt»M»it Co. cmwmuTi ¦
. fip|||he blackness of Monday is for-
|0J| gotten when the housekeeper
(HSU views on Tuesday the snow-
drift of linen that has been washed
white with Ivory Soap* It floats*
PI Huaai Ju' m The housekeeper or the cook who does pa
HI Mt^t or doesn't keep a jar of the p|
uQn fjSr u'tf " 1 I CySl £"-*! rSl fc*2f fit*f gJW Hal 099 Ww *,'"• 4
a /liol 4 //I |X pa " * j$J
IHJh 1 i^^lldi^^^^^^^^^^^sl ins SOU P S aad sauces a 3 wel1 as for making ijChicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hay opened the week steady, as the rains
were apparently still confined to the northern
counties," t the Llvermore and Salinas .valleys
•retting Uttl« or nothing. - Price* ¦- remained
Hay and Feedstuff s,
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 500
8 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50:
Oregon, $2 76@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3@3 35.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to • the trade: • Graham
*lour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7;' Corn Meal;, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4 ;. Oat Groats. $5 ; . Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@8 35;
In sacks. $6 50®8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. Cc for" heavy and 8 %c for light;
Stags, ,7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, l*c;
Dry Kip. 14c; Dry Calf, 18c;- Culls and
Brands; 15c; Sheepskins, ~s shearlings, 15Q.3OO
each; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium, (55®
75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse " Hide.3,
salt,' $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for medium
$l-75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 .for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer' or red- skln3.; 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; . winter or .. thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; • large ¦ and
smooth. 1 50c; .medium, 35c. ,
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2% @3c.
WOOL— rFall, ¦ San Joaquln, 6@8c; San Joa
quln Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County. 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; do,
fall."- 14@15c per lb. '
HOPS-^-9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb tor
Hides, ' Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows- ¦ Flour
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 73@74%c; No. 2
red, 84@85c; No. 2 oats, 43%@44c; No 2
white 45@4Cc; No. 3 white, 43V,@45%c-No l 2
rye 69 %c; fair to choice malting barley 61(3
63%c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 68; No. 1 - north
western, $1 71%; prime timothy seed, $6 60:
mess pork, per bbl, $15 70@15 75: lard per
100 lbs.t ?9 35@9 40; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 40® 8 65; dry salted shoulders (boxed) $8 70
Wheat No. £?**' Hlgh \ *""• ' Clo8e -
February ..'. 75 v; ....¦;¦' 7* -
May 77%.;"., 78 .77% 77%
JU C^rnNo:"2_ 78 -^ r .r 78% . - 7 «
ju1 y :::::::::::S-;:S • & gg
September 60% 61% 60%'" 60U
Oats No. 2— , ... DU «
May 43% 43% . 42 .' ' ] 42%
July 37% 37% 36% 36%
September.. 32% 32% 31%' 3is?
Mess Pork, per bbl— " A '*
May 15 85 16 07%. 15 85 15 92%
5 !^ 1610 »¦«*;. le 00?.
May 9 45 .9 60 9 45 9 52%
July ........ 9 55 - 9 67% 9 55 -9 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— I ".> 4} ~\< !
May 8 52% .8 62% 8 52% I 8 57%
July •••• .... 8 05 8 70 8 65 8 67%
Board —
200 Home,- cash g e*
125 Home, s 90 3 05
1C0 Home, b 90 3 95
500 Sovereign .....; in
Street— ltf
800 Four ' jr..
\ Afternoon Session. r
Board —
100 Home, b 90 * ¦ ' <t Q .
!••• Morareb of Arizona ?2
2000 Petroleum Center, b 30 *••* 0 |
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San -bv.«
Cisco Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday • •
Morning Session.
1600 Andes ....... Oil 600 Mexican •«
200 Best & Bel... 26 1000 Seg Belcher""
300 Challenge .... 17 800 Sierra Nev «
50 C C & Va....l 30 100 Silver Hill"" to
500 Crown Point. 07 : 200 Union Con "" 5?
500 Justice 13! 600 Yel J ac k«' " " ?t
Afternoon Session. * " .
600 Andes ....... 01 700 Lady "Wash *ry>
100 Chollar ...... 11 200 Potosi ?2
300 C C &.Va....l 30 200 Savage" ??
200 Justice ."..... 14 300 Yel jlckei:."." Jg
The following were the sales In the t>» m
Stock Board yesterday: , the Pacific
Morning Session.
" ?22 S^ 8 *,* Bel..., 26 200 Overman 11
- 400 Challenge ... 17 500 Overman """ in
700 C C & Va....l 30 600 Sienna? N-v" : "' «
600 Gould & Cur. 15 100-Silvlr h!u"'" n
600 Hale & Nor.. 29 100 Sllve? Hill f?
5C0 Justice «O0 Silver Hill "" 70
e .:::::: LT 100 Yel JaS: . : |S
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
New York Stock Market.
COTTOLENE— One ( half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@llc for. pure; half ¦• ¦ barrels
pure. ll%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, HT4c;
3-lb tins, 12c. r
; CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c fpr -light medium, ¦ 13c for light,
14o fcr extra light and 14V>@15c for sugar
cured; Eastern y sugar-cured Hams, 12@12»^c;
California Hams. ll@12c; Mess Beef, $9 50@
10 per barrel: extra , Mess, $10 50@ll; Family
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13%@l4c psr pcund. .
Chicago was somewhat higher again, with
the packers buying freely. This market con
tinued dull and unchanged. ¦ |
Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1J.— -Ordinary Influences ap
peared to have little effect on. wheat. Up to
midday the range was over only %c and the
whole session showed only a shade more. The
slightly bullish feeling with -which the market
closed Saturday was lost at the outset to-day
on minor bits of bearish news. The cables did
not reflect any of our strength, the amount on
passage had increased 1,824,000 bushels and
world's shipments were liberal. The mild
weather, with additional snows over the West,
was favorable for the growing crop. All told,
the market was dull and largely a scalping,
affair, traders selling on all the bulges and buy-
Ing on the dips. The most Important Item of
news of the day was the decrease of 1,363,000
bushels, almost double the decrease expected,
yet there was no effect on the pit. May opened
Vt@%o to a shade lower at 77%@77%c, and on
early corn strength sold to 78c. Commission
houses later turned sellers, the. oats break had
a depressing effect, and May reacted to 77%@
77%c. The close was easy, May %c down, at
77%@77%c. .
Corn at times had fair support and some act
ivity, but In the long run the bearish tendency
¦won »out. Commission house selling and the
oats depression brought a sag and In the ab
sence of buying orders the gain was lost. May
closed easy, %@%c lower, at 61%@61%c.
Oats had a bad time from the opening. The
start was fairly steady with corn and soon
after the opening May options were selling at
43%c, Saturday's closing figure. Then there
set in a deliberate raid, such as was witnessed
two weeks ago, and May was pressed down
quickly to 42c. There was a poor demand and
there was almost no early support. Toward
the close commission houses helped toward re
gaining a fraction of the loss. May closed
weak, %@%c lower, at 42%@42%c. .
The strength In provisions was something of
a surprise, considering the large receipts of
««^S G><^° head at £ polnts ' compared to
66.000 head yast year. Offerings were light ex
cept when prices were at their highest" May
pork closed firm, 7%c up, at $15 92%; Mav lard
closed 7%c up. at $9 52% M*ay rib! 5c up at
$o o( %.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard, to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 8@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c; Pluma,
pitted, 4@5%c: unoitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
6%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, oc
tor black and 60@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows :
30-40's, 6@6%c; 40-50's. 4%<jji5Vic; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; CO-70's, 3%®4>4c: 70-SO's. 3}4@3%c;
SO-00-s, .2%@3%c; uO-100's. 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6^4
@~%c; Loose Muscatels. 6Vic for 4-crown and
5 Vic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7(j$
8%c for bleached Clusters — Imperial, $3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Chestnuts. ll@12c: Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. lu%@12c for paper
shell. 0@10c for softshell and 6@7o for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. Il@l3c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5. ¦ • -
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 10®
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4<g5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A storm of some energy has appeared off the
mouth of the Columbia River and from present
indications -will probably., move southward
along the coast and may extend to Sothern Cal
ifornia. There has been a rapid fall In pres
sure during the past twelve hours from San
Francisco northward.
Rain has fallen from Point Reyes northward.
The high temperatures have caused consider
able melting of the enow, and with a heavy
rainfall in the Shasta region have caused a
rapid rise in the northern rlTers.
The Sacramento River at Red Bluff is 25. L
or 2 feet above the danger line. Warnings of
high water have been sent to points from Co
lusa north. The rivers will rise steadily south
to the American River.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 11, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday, with rain; brisk to high
eoutheast winds.
Southern California — Fair in the morning;
cloudy at night, and possibly rain; light west
erly winds, changing to southerly.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, probably rain:
fresh southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Tuesday, probably rain; brisk
southerly winds, high off shore.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Ban Francisco northward: advisory messages
have been sent to southern points.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 62 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL;
FORECAST.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls., 87c; Decembei" — 4000, 79c; 2000. 79%c;
2000, 70%c; 2000, 79%c; 2d00. 79%c.
Second Session — May — 6000 ctls., 87%c.
Regular Morning Session — May — 6000 ctls.,
87%c. E . . \
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls., 86%o;
4000, 86%c. V
OATS — Ther* was a bear drive on . May oats
at Chicago, which affected all markets. There
was no support given and the feeling was very
weak. There was nothing new to report In
this market. . :
Grays, $1 22%@1 30; whites, $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise. $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for i feed and $1 35@
1 42% for seed. •
CORN — Previous prices are quoted with, but
little doing. ¦
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round
do.' $1 50: white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at 85@90c'per ctl.'
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 (55 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls., $1 08%; 2000. $109.' -
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls., $1 09%;
8000. $1 09%; 4000, $1 09%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 18,000 ctls.,
$1 09%. • ¦ ! - • > .'
Afternoon Session — December" — 6000 ctls.,
$1 00%; 8000, $1 09%; May— 6000, $1 09%;
2000. $1 09%; 8000, $1 09. .
BARLEY — The rains are still confined to the
northern and central counties, and the ! south
and southern half of the San Joaquln Valley
aro getting none of any consequence. This
keeps the market very firm and futures have
again advanced under considerable trading, as
will be seen. . Spot prices stand the same.
Feed, 92%c for choice bright. 90@91%c for
No. 1 and 87%@88%c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades. 95@97%c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 20 per cental. ,
CALL BOARD SALES
. WHEAT — The foreign markets were dull
and featureless. It was a holiday at Paris.
The world's shipments for the week were as
follows, in quarters: Russian, 128,000; Danu
bian, 53,000; Argentine. 71.000; Indian. 40,
000; Australian,' 97,000. The American visi
ble supply decreased 1,363,000 bushels.
• Chicago opened weak, owing to the reselling
of shorts on disappointing cables. Later on,
however, all markets improved, St. Louis
leading, the shorts being the principal buyers.
Minneapolis reported the northwestern farm
ers disinclined to sell. New Tork reported
the export business dull and the cash market
neglected. Washington wired that there
would probably be no Government report be
fore March 1. ' .
In this market futures advanced about lc,
but spot quotations • were unchanged. The
shippers reported a good demand, but weak
freights.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
@1 12% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days . — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — ¦ 4 89
New York Exchange, Bight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 16
Silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 75c@$l 25
for standards, $1 50@2 for choice and $t@
2 75 for fancy: Seedlings, 75c0?l 50; Tange
rines. $1 75@2: Japanese Mandarins. - $2 25(9
2 60; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@1 50; Lemons,
60c@$l for common and $1@1 50 for good to
choice, and $1 75@2 50 for fancy; Grat>e Fruit.
Sl@2; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $1 25®
2 50 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25(g.2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
APPLES — $1 50@2 per box for extra, $1@
1 50 for good to choice and 50@75c for or
dinary.
PEARS — From cold storage, 75c®$2 60 per
box. ¦ - 1 .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
The Fruit market Is In good shape all around.
Fancy Apples are in demand for eating and
cooking purposes and the cheap, trashy stocks
are well cleaned u^. Large sizes of Navel
Oranges continue to bring good prices and the
demand for' choice and standard grades Is spir
ited. At the auction 5 cars of Oranges were
offered and met with ready sale at the follow
ing prices: Fancy Navels, $2 10@2 65; choice
do, $1 75@2 10; Standard do. 65cg$l CO; Tan
gerines In half-boxes, $1 75@1 S5.
Lemons and Limes continue to move well
at unchanged prices..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
THE COAST RECORD.
Boston 38-26 Washington .....30-20
Cincinnati 20-14 Omaha 14- 3
Philadelphia 80-24 Duluth 22- 4
New York 34-26 Chicago 22-16
Kansas City 14-10 St. Loula 18-12
Jacksonville 44-33 Salt Lake dty...54-3S
WASHINGTON^
TACOMA, Feb. 10.— WHEAT— %c higher;
bluestem, 65c; club, 64c. •
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 10.— WHEAT—
Steady but Inactive. .Walla. Walla, 65@65%c;
valley, nominal at 65c; bluestem, 66c.
Cleared — German ship Reinbek, with 153,917
bushels wheat; British ship Loch Garve, with
94,000 bushels wheat, both for Queenstown. -
PORTLAND, Ore.. Feb. 10. — Sailed — Schoon
er Compeer, Honolulu; ship Reinbek, Queens
town.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The evaporated
apples market remains quiet -without change In
quotations. State, common to good, 7@S%c;
prime, 8%@9%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10&
©lie.
California dried fruits, firm.
¦ PRUNES— 3%@6%a •
APRICOTS — Royal. 10@10%c; Moorpark, 9%
©12 %c.
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7%@
9%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW TORK, Feb. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,703 barrels; exports, 14,303 barrels; very
steady and active on top grades. Winter
straights $3 70@3 95; Minnesota patents, $3 90
@4 15.
WHEAT — Receipts, 31,350 bushels; exports,
89,612 bushels; spot steady. No. 2 red, 87%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 90c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 85%c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1:
hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. From an
easier opening controlled by lower cables and
satisfactory crop news, wheat sharply rallied
on a large visible supply decrease and general
covering. A second decline at noon, influenced
by a break in oats, also yielded to vigorous,
covering, but the market finally broke because
of small export trade and closed easy at %c
net decline. March, 83%@34 3-16c, closed
83%c; May, 83%@83 ll-16c, closed 83%c: July,
83V.@S3%c, closed 83%c. • ' . .
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed "steady, with June 10 ' points higher and
other options 5 points higher. Total sales were
29,970 bags. Including: March, 5.40@5.45c;
liay, 5.56@5.60c; June, 5.70cJ July, 5.75@5.S0c;
August, 5.90c; September. 5.90@6.00c: October,
6.00@C.05c; November, 6.10@6.15c; December,
6.15@6.20c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 3-lCc;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c; refined, steady.
Geary — 60 I Presidio .... 35 45
POWDER.
Giant 78 8Q |Vigorit 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 2% 4%-Klluea ..... *9% It)
Hawaiian . . ; 3S — ; Makawell . . 26% 27%
Honokaa ...12 — Onomea V... 23% 25'
Hutchinson - 14 14% Paauhau ... 12 12%
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 165 -167 Pac A F A. — 344
Cal Fruit As 97 100 Pac C Borax.165
Cal Wine As 98 — Par Paint... 16 —
Oceanic S.Co 36% 40% .
Morning Session.
Board — ...
$3000 Northern R'y of Cal 5s 123 00
2000 Oceanic S S ..10100
5 S F Gas & Electric 42 CO ¦
50 Spring Valley Water 88 Co
Street—
$1000 NPCRRts ....109 CO
10,000 Oakland Transit Co 5s Ill 25
• Afternoon Session.
"-.''. Board —
40 Cal Wine Aesn 93 00
50 Contra Costa Water 74 00
75 Honokaa S Co 12 00
105 Market-st Railway 89 50
175 Paauhau S P Co 12 CO
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 CO
6 Spring Valley Water 87 75
$S000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtg) 101 ;s -
$6000 Market-st R'y 1st con 5s......... 122 CO
Street —
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtg) 101 75
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — [Market 89 90
UXITED STATES BONDS.
"Bld.Ask.1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr. reg.... 112 112% 4s qr c (new)139 K»K
4s qr. coup.. 112 112%|3s qr coup. .108% 109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co — — Oceante 5s..l00%lC2%
Bay CPC 5s.lO9 109% Ombus C- 6a.l31- —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100M,
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6a. 117 120
Fer&C H Us. 120 I — Pwl-st R 6*. 119%
Geary-st os. — / — Sac EGR 5s. 95 97%
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l22% —
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6s. 105 —
L Ang R 5s.l21 122 S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s — — (1900) 112 —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 113%11-1%
Do getd 5sl03%104% S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 53.101% — (1905)Sr A109 - —
Do lem «slOl 103 <1905)Sr BlOO'i
Mkt-st C 6s.l25% — (1906) — 113%
\Do lem 5S.122 — (1912) 121%122
N 1 R C 6s... 111% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 123 — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C 5s.l08%109% Do stmpd..H0% —
N Cal R 5s. 112% — S P BrCal6s.l39 —
Oak Gas 53.114 — S V Wat 63.114 —
Oak Trn 6a. 122 — Do 4s 101% —
Do 1st c 5sllO%112 Do 4s 3dm — —
Oak W g 5slO2 103% Stkn Gas 6slO2% — .
r WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74% Port Costa.. 63% 63
Mar in Co ... 59 — Spring Val.. 87% &i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% -~ Pac Light... 44 —
Eqt G L Co. 2% 3% Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 4h S F G & E.. 42% 43%
O G L & H. 51% — San Fran... 5% 6
Pac G Imp. 37 40 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 ( •
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 L P & A.,.165%169
California ..417 — |Mer Ex (liq) 18% — .
Cal Safe Dp. 115% — Is F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl.325 350 \
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 — \ Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. 65 — Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..512% —
MONDAY, Feb. 10. 2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SPOKANE, Feb. 10.— Clearings. $236,528;
balances, $50,860.
PORTLAND, Feb. 10.— Clearings, $610,954;
balances. $157,240. ,
SEATTLE. Feb. 10. — Clearings. $425,905;
balances. $99,626.
TACOMA, Feb. 10.— Clearings, $212,174; bal
ances, $42,408. ;
Northern Business.
Butter and Eggs opened the week firm and
well cleaned up. Some dealers' floors were al
most bare of both descriptions. The reduction
In stocks Is said to be due to moderate re
ceipts and a good local demand, as there is not
much shipping demand for Eggs and prac
tically none for Butter. The exhaustion ot
packed Butter in its various forma Is also help
ing the Butter market by causing a good in
quiry for the cheaper grades'. There is no
change in prices, however. Cheese remains ai
before quoted.
Receipts were 32.300 pounds, 11 tubs and 46
kegs 01 Butter. pounds 01 Eastern Butter,
820 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs,
1100 pounds ol California Cheese, pounds
of Oregon Cheese anu pounds of Kastern
Cheese. .
BUTTER — Creamery. 27%@2Sc per lb fo.
fancy, 27c for firsts ami 25W2UC lor seconds:
dairy. 17%@li5c: store Butter. 14@17c per lb.
CHEESE — New, ll%c; old, lOigilc; Young
America, lZUlZc; Eastern, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 21c for selected large and 19®
20c for good to choice ; store, 19c per' dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
ce£son and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hours:
*~~ Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. 31.77
Red BluS COS 14.96 18.40
Sacramento 0.00 8.49 13.76
Ean Francisco 0.00 8.S4 14.53
Fresno 0.00 2.76 9.81
Independence 0.00 1.39 ( 6.47
San Luis Obispo.... 0.00 6.24 26.33
Los Angeles 0.00 4.21 13.59
6an Diego 0.00 2.46 8.85
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 60; mean, 56.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10. — Cotton closed 1
point higher to 4 points lower.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. Feb. 10 — 5 p. m.
Weatlter Report.
On the morning session of the Stock and
I?ond Exchange Spring Valley Water was
higher at $S8. There were no other variations
and trading was light. The oil stocks pre
sented no feature calling for comment.
There was nothing new In the afternoon,
business continuing: dull.
Stocks ex-dividend yesterday were Giant
Powder. 75c, or $15,000; California Wine.' 60c,
or $26,023.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay a
dividend of 30c on-the 15th.
A monthly dividend of 50e per share wilt be
paid" on the 12th by the California Street Cable
Company.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 15th.
The Standard Con Mining Company will' pay
a dividend of 10c per share on the 24th.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, February 8, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, is as
follows :
Bushels. ' Decrease.
"Wheat 66,563.000 1,363,000
Corn 11.1S0.000 52,000
Oats 4,416,000 115,000
Rye 2,355,000 4,000
Barley 1,859,000 225,000
Visible Grain Supply.
LONDON. Feb. 10.— Consols, 95; sliver,
25%d; French rentes, lOlf 25C Wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 29s 4^d; cargoes Walla Walla.
29s 3d; English country markets, quiet; Import
into United Kingdom, wheat, 134,000; Import
Into United Kingdom flour. 130,000; wheat and
flour on passage to united Kingdom. 3.720,000:
wheat and -flour on passage to Continent, 1,
340,000; Indian shipments wheat to United
Kingdom, 40,000; hops (Pacific Coast), firm.
£310s@£4 4s.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 10.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 3d<g><;s 3%d; French
country markets, firm; weather In England,
fine, but cold. , .
. COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund exclusive of the $150,000,000 Rold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance. $179,161,522; gold,
$87,831,521.
Condition of the Treasury.
GAME — Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and ?1 for Brush; Gray Geese.
$3 50@4; Whits Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $150®
2 HO per dozen/ Honkers. $:',@t 50: EnsliaT
Snipe, $3@3 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50(g2; Robins,
$1 i>0 per dozen.
i Receipts of California Poultry, were insig
nificant and the quotations are unchanged.
Three cars of Eastern were put on the mar
ket and sales were made as follows: Hens,
56; Old Roosters, $5; Young do, $6 50; Fryers,
$5@5 50; Ducks, $6 50 for young and $4 50
for old; Geese, $1 75; Pigeons $1 50; Squabs.
$3 50; Live Turkeys. 15c for Hens and loc for
Gobblers.
Receipts of Game were 42 sacks and prices
-were about as before quoted..
POULTRY — Liressed Turkeys, 16® 18c; Live
Hens; Getsi, per pair, $1 5u@l 75; Goslings,
*2@2 25: Ducks, $j@5 50 for old and $«@7 for
young; Hens. $4 50@5; young Roosters, $5@5 50;
old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $4@5; Broilers,
$4@5 for large and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
?1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for
Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
NEW TORK, ';.'; Feb. . la— The week ! opened
with a decline of about' %c lii prices for cop
per, with a very . slow ' demand at that. The
current prices here are 12%@12%c for lake,
12V4@l-%c for electrolytic and 12%@12%c for
casting copper. The London market was 2s
6d lower, spot . closing at £54 17s 6d and fu
tures at £54 5s. Tin here was a shade firmer,
closing with spot at $24 40@24 60. London
closed 2s Cd higher at £112 15s for spot and
£108 5s for futures. Lead was quiet and about
unchanged here at $4 12% and London was Is
3d higher at £11 10s. - Spelter was unchanged'
at New York at $4 10 and London closed un.
changed at. £17 12s Cd. Iron ruled steady to
firm here and unchanged. Glasgow was about
2s higher at 51s 5d and Mlddlesboro closed
at 45s 10%d. Pig iron warrants here closed
at $11 50@12 50; No. 1 foundry, northern, $17®
18; No. foundry, northern, $1G 25@17 25; No.
1 foundry, southern, $10 25@1« 75; No. 1 foun
dry, southern, soft, $16 25@16 75.
New York \ Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Feb. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .
Good news' regarding the Boer war strength
ened the stock market to-day. Kaffirs were
very active, but were disturbed by large reali
zation, due to the difficulty of carrying over
weak bulls who were shaken out. American
stocks Were livelier. The professional contin
gent is waking up. Apparently, however, it Is
all New York buying-. Prices opened around
parity. At first the Reading Issues were bid
up on New York account. Later the same
sources caused a \ renewed demand for Erie,
Reading and Southern Railway. The close was
strong. United States Steel was In demand in
the street. Rio Tintos sold at 45%. Copper
opened %d down, but recovered to £54 %s the
ton.
The market was a heavy borrower of funds.
Silver was weak on free American sales.
London Market.
"Spot prunes chow a fair Jobbing interest,
with strictly fancy Santa Clara fruit holding
steady at 6%c to 6%c for 40-506 in 25-lb boxes.
Sizes 60-70s are reported in better demand and
come holders ask up to 5%c for small lots. Old
prunes and lower grades are barely steady,
with prices ruling from %c to %e under the
basis for Santa Claras. Oregon prunes show
steadiness for spot, but the movement . Is
email. Spot apricots are reported firmer, with
a. better jobbing Interest to report. Peaches
are unchanged. Some buying for choice grades
is reported. Pears are very scarce and the
feeling is firm. We hear of business In fancy
up to 10%c. In dates the general movement
is small in volume. Persians are steady. Fard
chow some easiness. Figs are firm and stocks
are in small compass and strong control. In
nuts a fair business is noted In shelled varie
ties."
Mall reports from New York eay: "Spot
loose and seeded raisins show strength, and in
the latter a fair Jobbing trade Is noted around
S%c to 6%c for choice and 8%c to 8%c .for
fancy in 1-lb cartons, according to holder and
offering:. Choice is offered by one holder at
S%c. So far as can be learned no buying from
the coast has been done on the new basis.
Loose raisins show considerable strength on the
6%c to -7c basis for 3-crown grade. London
layers are firm at $1 70 and some buying in
a small way is reported. Valencia 'layers are
reported in light supply on the spot, with «%c
quoted. To arrive 7%c will buy ex dock from
the Ontaneda now due. In currants the feel
ing is steady and some movement In uncleaned |
Amalias in barrels is reported for interior ac- .
count.
Dried Fruits in New York.
to be heavy except those having to do with
Iron and steel.
The bond market was active and broad, but
somewhat irregular. Total Bales, par value,
? 4, 425,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 15.800 78% 77% 78
Atchison pfd 4,500 99 9S% »S%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 5,400 105 104% 104%
B & O pfd 96%
Canadian Pacific .. 1.300 115% 115% 115%
Canada Southern .. 500 8S% 8S% 87%
Cheeap & Ohio ... 7,900 47% 4G% 40%
Chic & Alton 1,000 34% 33% <4%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 700 76% 75% 7tt
Chic, 2nd & Louis . 2,300 52% 52% B2%
Chic, I & L pfd 300 7(5% 76% 76%
I Chic & Eastern IilL 300 143 142% 143 ¦
Chic & Great W. . . 1,100 23% 23 22%
Chic & G W A pfd. I... S3
Chic & G W B pfd. 200 45 45 44%
Chic & North w 1,000 221% 220 219%
Chic, R I & P 2,800 166 164 164%
Chic Ter & Trs... 200 17 17 16%
Chic T & T pfd... 1,600 32% 32% 31%
C, C, C & St L.... 2.200 104% 104% 104
Colo Southern 7,100 16 16% 16
Colo S 1st pfd l.uOO 65% 65% 65%
Colo S 2d pfd 2,500 32% 32% 32%
I Dela & Hudson ... 700 174 173 172%
Dela. Lack & W... 700 283 281% 282
Denver & Rio G. 44
Denver & R G pfd. 1,300 93% 93% 93 .
Erie 26,800 40% 39% 40%
Erie 1st pfd 7.100 70% 69% 70
Erie 2d pfd 1,800 57% 66 57%
Great Northern p(d 500 188% 1SS%' 1S8
Hocking Valley ... 100 C9 69 68%
Hocking Val pfd.. 500 85% 84% 84%
Illinois Central ... 3,600 143 142% 142 h
Iowa Central 3,800 45% 44% 45
Iowa Central pfd.. ,500 80 79% 79%
Lake Erie & W.... 100 69 69 68
Lake E & W pfd 135
Louisville & N 2,600 105% 104% 105
Manhattan L 6,900 134% 133% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry. 12,900 173% 171% 171<fe,
Mexican Central .. »OO 23% 29 2S'A
Mexican National.. 2.000 16% 16% 16%
Mlnneap & St L.. 200 109% 108% 10U%
Missouri Pacific .. 14,800 104 Vi 103% 103%
Missouri, K & T.. 500 24% 24% 24%
M. K & T pfd 400 53% 63 52%
N J Central 100 195 195 194
N T Central 6,900 165% 164% 164%
Norfolk & W 4,100 58 67% 67%
Norfolk & W pfd. . 90%
Ontario & West... 5,900 34% 34 34%
Pennsylvania 13,300 150% 150% 150%
Reading 101.700 68% 57% 5fe%
Reading let pfd... 9,600 83% 83 &¦}%
Reading 2d pfd 38,700 65% 64% 65%
St Louis & San F. . 900 t>2% 62% 62%
St L & S F 1st pfd 84%
St L & S F 2d pfd.. 1,000 75% 75 75%
St Louis & Southw. - 200 20 26 25%
St Louis & S pfd. . 200 Mil-, 58V> 58%
St Paul 81.400 107% 166% 167%
St Paul pfd 1,400 192% 191 % 192
Southern Pacific ..117,600 67% 65 67%
Southern Ry 9,500 33% 33 33%
Southern Ry pfd... 1,600 95% 94% 94 %
Texas & Pacific ... 2,300 39% 39 39
Toledo*, St I. & W.. 2,600 23% 22% 22%
T, StL&Wpfd.. 8.600 . 42% 41 42%
Union Pacific 44,400 104 102% 103%
Union Pacific pfd. 1,100 90 89% 89%
Wabash 3,800 23% 23% 23%
Wabaah Dfd 900 44% 43% 43%
Wheel & Lake E.. 2.4O0 18% 17% 18%
W & L E 2d pfd.. 1,000 30% 29% ¦ 30%
Wisconsin Central. 700 20% 20 20%
Wls Central pfd 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 215
American 1,200 240 239 239
United State* 900 124 122% 120
Wells Fargo 200 200 200 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 36,800 73% 71% 71%
Am Car & Foundry 600 29 28% 29
Am C & F pfd.... 1,700 SStf 87% 88%
Am Linseed Oil 21%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 48
Am Smelt & Ref . . 1,800 47% 47 47
Am Smelt & R pfd 300 97% 97% 97%
Anaconda Mln Co. 400 34 33% 33%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 8,200 67% 66% 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,100 86% 85% 85%
Consolidated Gas.. 600 218% 217 218
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 100 117% 117% 116%
General Electric... 8,900 295 291 292
Glucose Sugar 900 48% 48 47%
Hocking Coal 300 17% 17% 17%
Internatnl Paper... 100 19% 19% 19%
Internl Paser pfd 74%
Internatnl Power 86
Laclede Gas 00
National Biscuit... BOO 45% 45% 45
National Lead 17%
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd 64
North American 93
Pacific Coast 7-1
Pacific Mall 200 45% '45% 45
People's Gas 1,600 101 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 40% 40% 40
Pressed E Car pfd • 84
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 220 220 220 ,
Republlo Steel 1,400 10% 16% 10%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,000 69% 68% 69
Sugar 11,500 129% 128% 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,400 64% 64 64 1 -!
Union Bag & P Co. 100 14% 14% 14
Union B&P Co pfd. 600 75 74% 74%
U S Leather 300 11% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd.. 100 81% 81% 81%
U S Rubber -u
U S Rubber pfd... 100 61%. 51% 51%
U S Steel 26,100 44% 43% 43%
U S Steel pfd 20.700 94% 93% 93%
Western Union ... 300 91% 91% 91%
Am Locomotive.... 900 32 31%- 31%
Am Locomot pfd... 600 93 92% 92%
Total sales 742,900 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS
U 8 ref 2s reg.... 108% L & N uni 4s '.101%
U S ref 2s coup.. 108% Mex CenWs 82%
U S 3s reg.. 108% Mex Cent 1st inc. 32
U S 3s coup 108% M & St L 4s 104
U S new 4s reg...l39 M K & T 4s 99«
U S new 4s coup. 139 M K & T 2nds 81 »i
U S old 4s reg 112 N T Cent lsts... 103
U S old 4s coup.. 112 NT Cent gen 3%s.lO8
L S 5s reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s.. 137%
U S 6s coup 106 Nor Pac 4s .JOSH
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Nor Pac 3s 74%
Atchison adj 4s.. 94 N & W con 4s 103
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104 Reading gen 4s:.. 98%
do 3%s 96 5t L & I M con 6s.ll7%
do conv 4s 106% St L & 8 F 4s 97%
Canada So 2nds..H0% St L S W lsts 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 111 St L S W 2nds... 79%
Cent of Ga 1st lnc 79% S A & A P 4s 91
Ches&O4%s....l08% So Pac 4s.. <M%
Chgo & Alton 3%s 84% So Ry 5s 119%
C B & Q new 4s.. 9d% Texas & Pac lsts. 120%
C M&St P gen 4s. 113% T St L & W 4s... 86
C & N W con 7s.. 138% Union Pac 4s..... 105%
C R 1 & P 4s.... 111% Un Pac conv 4s.. 106%
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts 118%
Chgo Term 4s 80% Wabash 2nds 111%
Colo So 4s 92%: Wabash deb B 70%
D & R G 4s 102%! West Shore 4s.... 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 88% I W & L E 4s 93%
Erie gen 4s 88% Wis Cent 4s 88%
F W& DC lsts.. 110% Con Tob 4s 65
Hock Val 4%s .... 108% | '
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 11
Alice 45 Ontario 6 75
Breece 65 Ophlr - 80
Brunswick Con.. 07 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tunnel 05% Potosl * in
C C & Va 120 Savage '.'. 08
Deadwood Terra. 50 - Sierra Nevada... 12
Horn Silver 1 50 Small Hopes 35
Iron Sliver 64 Standard 3 40
Leadville Con... 05 : •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— U S Steel pfd 94
Call loans 2%@3% Westlnghse Com. 88
Time loans ...3 @4 Mining —
Bonds — Adventure ....... 21%
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez ; 3i£!
Gas lsts 86 Amalgamated ... 72
Mex Cent 4s 82% Baltic....: '38%..
N E Gas & Coke. 52% BIngham .... 23%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.630
AtchisonV 78 Centennial 12
Atchison *pfd 98 £. Copper Range.... 58
Boston & Albany. 262 Dominion Coal. 72«
Boston & Maine. 102% Franklin .... 14^
Boston Elevated. . 162 Isle Royale 22 Va-
N Y. N H & H..210% Mohawk 34 *
Fltchburg pfd 44 Old Dominion.... 32
Union Pacific 103% Osceola 82%
Mexican Central.. 28% Parrot 31
Miscellaneous — Quincy 140
American Sugar.. 128% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Am Sugar pfd., ..118% Tamarack 255
Am Tel &. Tel.. .158 Trlmountain . 73%
Dom Iron & Steel. 23 Trinity 13%
General Electric. 29% United States 17 U.
Mass Electric... 35% Utah .. 24*
HEAL ESTATE TBANSAC7TI0NS.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Mar
tin Fennell, lot on N lino of Filbert street,
166:8 E of Franklin. I? 33:4 by N 137:6; $1400.
William and Jeanette "Wolf to Godel and
Bertha Speler lot on N line of Ellis .treat.
54:11 E of OcttLvfa, E 27:2% by N 87:6; $10.
Franklin Heywood to Christoph. and Emm*
Wllfert. lot on N line of Hayes street. 162:8
W of Broderick. W 25 by N 100; $10.
¦L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Mary, A. McCloud
(single) lot on N line of Filbert street. 108:2
W of Broderick, W 25:7 by N 137:t$; $10.
Juliet J Meies (widow) to Jay Deming, lot
on W line of Baker street. 100 N of Grove. N
25 by W 125; $10.
Gavin and Wilma McNab to John I*. Sheri
dan, lot on W line of Cherry street, 100 N ot
Clay, N 75 by W 100; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan SocUty to Ce
leste Vostl. lot on SE line of Mission street,
115.03 SW of Eleventh, SW 25, SE 84.49. NB
25. NW 83.60; $3750.
Estate of Adolph BIsslnger (by Samuel and
Isidore BIsslnger. executors) to A. B. Patrick
& Co. (corporation), lot on SE corner of
Eighteenth and Folsom streets, S 150 by E
20*; $20,070.
A. B. Patrick & Co. (corporation) to James
W. Kerr. same; $10.
John and Bridget McDermott to George A.
and Margaret L. McCarthy. lot on 9 line of
Valley street, 100 W of X>olores. W 25 by 3
114; $10. •
Elizabeth and Daniel Mackintosh to William
C. Mackintosh, lot on S line of Union street,
137:6 W of Taylor. W 25, 3 (V, W 2:t, 3 70,
E 27:6. N 120: $10. •
Harriet G. and Alexander Center to Piem»
Ducasse. lot on 3 line of Vallejo street. 165 W
of Leavenworth. W 27:6 by S 137:6; S1O.
Napoleon and Louisa Vasiiatos to William
J. and Theresa J. Kennedy, lot on S line of
Pacific street. 25 E of Hyde. E 22:6 by S 63;
$10.
Hopkins Investment Company (corporation)
to Morris Oaer. lot on N line of Eddy street,
137:« W of Leavenworth. W 25 by.N 137:0;
$14,000.
. G. Howard Thompson and Bank of Califor
nia to Armand Callleau, lot on N* line of Post
street. 68:9 E of Larkin. E t!3:» by N 137 :tf
(quitclaim deed); $10.
Allen H. Piper et al. va. Ella Doll et al. (by
G. H. Umbsen. referee) to James Irvine, lot
on SE line of City Hall avenue, 550- NE of City
Hall square. NE 25 by SE 10O. City Hall lot
24; $10,800.
Same to same, lot on SB line of City Hall
avenue, 575 NE of City Hall square. NE 25
by SE 100, City Hall lot 22; $10,500.
Frederick Baruch to Albert "Baruch. undi
vided one-sixth of lot on S corner of Third
and Stevenson streets. SW 75 by SE 45; $10.
Rosa, London (single) to Timothy McSweeney.
lot on NW line of Clary street. 220 NE of
Fourth. NE 27 by NW 75; $10.
Charles N. Johnson to Solomon C. and Ev*
Shlman, lot on NE line of Langton street. 153
NW of Folsom. NW 25 by NE 80; $10.
George E. and Emmellne L. Bates to Hatti»
L. Shira, lot on E line of Texas street 400
N of Yolo. N 33 by E 100: $10.
Albert W. Lehrke to Charles W. Zahn. lot
on W line of Minnesota street. 375 N Of
Twenty-second. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Frank Fagothey to Joseph A. Fagothey, lot
'on E line of Thirteenth avenue. 225 N of J
street. N 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 225 N of L street. N 25 by
F. C*. and Mary E. Gaster to A. S. Baldwin,
lot 6, block 8. subdivision 1, Castro-street Ad
dition; $10.
Charles A.- and Mary E. Hare to John 3.
and Bertha L. Hare, undivided one-half of lot
on SE line of Railroad avenue. 211:9 SW of
Eleventh. SW 120 by SE 200, Bernal Reserva
tion; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to John A. Keogh.
lot on W line of Douglass street. 55:8 S o£
Alvarado, 8 25 by W 100, lot 51, Heyman
Tract; $200.
Germanla Building and Loan Association to
Frank and Michael Logue, lot on N line of
Sickles avenue. 287 W of Wyoming. N 99 W
3.60. NW to a point, SW and S along Saa
Francisco and San Jose Railroad 117 E 83.
portion of lots 6 an<i 0. block B. West End
map 2; $10.
George H. Tay Company (corporation) to
ffi^fT-r^-p^^Fo"^ 6111 M - *°* mg ' l0t
San Francisco Brick Company (corporation)
1? B 110^ 6 " Crushed Rock Company,
block 14, Map A. Castro-street Addition; $10
Oscar Heyman to Charles J. W. Fish lot*
9 to lit Mock N. Mission Street Land Com
pany; $10.
Martha K. Young (single) to Jacob Brandt,
sfree?. V&eVST&^P" 5 * °" aVl *
? ati< Lr~ W . lnd ? Ie o (by B - p - O"ver. commission
er) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society lot
B i&WViii! ISTok 13716 E 0£ Bucha^.
City and County of San Francisco to Laura
V. Davis, lot on NE corner of Page and Fill
more streets. E 25 by N 100- $. ¦
Same to Oscar C. Capelman. lot on S line oZ
Pine street. SI :3 W of Webster. W 25 by S 100;
.Margaret S.^Kalne (widow) to Catherine Ca
rey (widow), lot on N line of California street.
25 E of Baker. E 25 by N 77:0%; $10
Isabelle Oppenhelmer to Cora E. N. Braner
saWwit^T street ' 82 s of Clay:
M. Thcuerkauf and Gustav H. and G Alex
ander Therkof. lot on E line of Mission street.
S5 S of Fifteenth. S 25, E 122:6 N 10 W
20:6. N 15. W 102; $6000. -
Patrick J.. Daniel D. and Mary E. Barry to
Ellen Barry, lot on VT line of Tenth street 20O
S of Harrison. S 25 by W 100; gift ecl ' '^
George E. and Ellen L. Dunham "to Alblo S.
Perley, lot en AN, line of Dolores street, 129-31.4
N of Sixteenth. N 30:6, SAt 288:8. S 39:5^7 M
¦hi It*! *X0. ' ' ... t r **9
Michael and Ella Barry to A. J Wll~oxe»»
lot on N line of Twentieth street. 105 E of Sanl
chez. E 25 by N 114. warranty deed; $10.
si 9710 i ot "««r^a:
Samuel Lynde Foster to Marion B. Foster
re-record 101S D. 239. lot on E line of Chat
tanooga street. 130 N of Twenty-third. N 32:8
S, T , t w-* : p al ?«'«, on N Une of Twenty-sfxth
street. 22o E of HoJtman avenue. E ICO V' to
Crocker avenue, thence to point, thence "to be
ginning; Rift.
Helen M. Fllnn (wife of James J.) and D"elia
F. Treacy (wife of T. E.) to Commercial Build-
Ing and Loan Association, lot on SE corner of
Twenty-second and Church streets. S 52 by B
I2o; $10.
Commercial Building and Loan Association
to Helen C. Dlxon (single), same- $2200
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et'al.-(by
G. H. Umbsen. referee) to Carl D. Salfleld. lot
on N line of Washington street. 119 W. of Da
vis, W 22 by N 120; $11,000.
Carl D. and Libby A. Salfleld to Ignatz Stein
hart, same; $10: . , . .
Joseph and Mary E. Seyner to John Corsig
lla. lot on E line of Mason street, 68:9 N of
Chestnut. N 22:9 by E 70; $2000
G. L. and Katie L. Fit* to W. Oliver Scott,
lot on SE corner of Francisco and Jones streets
E 58:4. S 52:6. W 19. S 60, TV 39, N 112:6; $10 -
Andrew B. McCreery to Lawrence McCreery'
lot on N line of Sutter street. 23 W of Powell.
W 25 by N 87:6; $10.
Estate of Robert Patridge (by Alfred
Herman and John J. Hayden. executors) - to
Henry E. Bothln. lot on NE corner of Lombard
and Taylor streets. E 137:6, N 35:8 NW 132 6
W 52:8%. S 137:6; $11,000.
Jacob , and ¦ Llna Heyman to Emma M E.
Sorenson (widow), lot on SE corner of Forty
ninth avenue and J street, E 120 by S 37 :C;
Anna Cushlng (widow) to Oscar E Johnson,
lot on- SE corner of Twenty-fifth avenue and
O street. E 32:6 by S 100; also lot on NE cor
32f6 O byN100 e ; e $10 an<1 Twenty - n ", h a ™ u *' B
M. Helen S^nelder to J. Norbert Schneider,
lot on N line of Ocean Boulevard 100 0'i E of
Derby street. E 25:3%. N 102:4%. w 30:1.. 3
82:2. lot 12. block 65,, Ingleslde subdivision;
Estate of John H. Da!l. (by Elbridge Dur
brow. executor) to T. Z. Blakeman lot on W
S or ? er^, F ,°^ rt t? nth av en«e and J street. NW
75 by SW 200. block 287. South San Francisco
and Railroad Association: also lot on N corner
S? D!f h i e , en J h £y. enue and H street. NW 75 by
FlmfTractf $H: 8amC; alSOlot ** bloc!c
Benajah S. Dunham to Edward W. Bender,
lots 2 and 3. block 28,.Lakevlew; $10
„ Lul 5' Mlc , co to Ernesto Carezzio, lot on 9
line of Cortland avenue. 110:2% W of Andover
av 55, u «-, w » *> y S U2:6 lot ".block 9. Faira
subdivision Holly Park- $10 -
Eleanor F. Cavendish to Lizzie A. Merralls.
i? a m'i.'v 0 ' Sunnyslde avenue. 200 W of
Eaden^W 25 by N 10O. lot 32. block 41. Sunny
?^' I I " am .. R - and Jennie Decker Shoemaker
End MT^Sb**** 111 *- 1Ot 12 - b!o^ k 26 " WC3t
11 ? 11 to Lotlls Estacallle. loU 3U
*nd 343. Gift Map 1; |10, . _
NEW YORK. Feb. 10.— Money on call was
steady at 2V"*?3 per cent; closing bid and asked.
2@2% per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@
4% per cent. Sterling exchange was steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
for demand and at $4 84^ for sixty days-
Posted rates, $4 85% and $4 88. Commercial
bills, $4 . *;&. Bar silver, 54%c. Mex
ican dollars, 43 %c.
Bonds — Governments,- steady; States, Inact
ive; railroads, irregular.
New York Money Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb 10. — CATTLE — Re.
ceipts. 1000; steady; cows and heifers, $1 50®
5 50; veals, $4 75@6 75- stockers and- feeders,
$2@4 75. ,' ¦¦ ¦ ¦- ¦• '; '.
HOGS— Receipts, 1700; 5c lower; light and
light mixed, $5 50@6 15; medium and heavy,
$U@6 45; pigs, $3 50@5. '. . ' '
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; firm.
ST.. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, j Feb. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
20.0C0. including 200 Texans; steady; good to
prime steers, ; $6 50@7; poor to medium, $4@6;
stockers and feeders $2 50®4 50; cows, $1 25@
5; heifers, ?2 50@5 25; canners, $1 25@2 25;
bulls. $2 25@4 50; calves - $2 50<3>7 60; Texas
fed steers. $4@6. ' : ¦ - : .
HOGS — Receipts to-day 53,000; to-morrow,
42.000; left over, 8000; steady to shade lower;
mixed -and butchers, $5 95®6 35;' good to
choice, heavy. $8 30@6 45; rough heavy, $6®
6 25; light. $5 75@0; bulk of sales, $5 95@6 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 22, 000 ;' sheep and Iamb3.
active and steady; good' to choice wethers.
$4 60@5 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 80@4 60;
Western sheep and yearlings §4 25@5 65; na
tive lambs. $3 5O@(3 40; Western lambs, $5 250
6 50.- \ • ¦
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, nominal; Green
Peas from Los Angeles/ 6@9c; String Beans
from Los Angeles, . 15@17^c, including Wax;
Cabbage. 40&50c per ctl; Los Angeles Toma
toes, ¦< $2 per box and $2 50@3 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2@3 per box; Dried Pep
pers, 12V>@15c per lb: Los Angeles do, 15(g
17^c; Dried* Okra. 12^@15c per lb; Carrots,
35@50c per sack; "Hothouse Cucumbers, ?1@
1 25 per dozen for large and 50@75c for small;
Garlic, lVi@2 J /ic; Los Angeles Green Peppers;
25c; Mexican do, 20@25c; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 25c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles,- $1 75@2 25; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10
per ton;Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms,
10@20c per lb. -
ONIONS— Oregons. $2 25@2 65. first hands;
Australian, S3®;i 25; Nevada, -$2 75; Green
Onions. 50@65c per box. - '
-POTATOES — $i 10@l 35 for Burbanks from
the river;. Salinas Valley Burbanks, $1 50@
1 S5; Oregon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65: Oregon
Garnet Chiles, $1 40@l 55; River Reds. ! $l 50ft
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 75; small
Burbanks, for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets; $1 40
for Merced.
There Is an easier feeling in Onions . and
Oregons are quoted lower. , Los Angeles Peas
were much weaker under heavier receipts and
some . overheated stock sold below the quota
tions. Other vegetables from Los Angeles
were scarce ' and continued to bring high
prices. Mushrooms were plentiful and sold
readily at good prices. . ' ,'
'Receipts of Potatoes were f 7081 sacks, of
which 4481 were from Oregon. The receipts
of Onions were liberal, being 1202 sacks. In
cluding 187 from Oregon by steamer. Bur
banks from Salinas Valley - continue firm un
der a steady inquiry and scarcity of fancy
stock. '. The demand ' for Seed .Potatoes is
strong and Early . Rose are scarce and higher.
The bulk of the receipts from Oregon, per
steamer, show effects of the frost in that
State, and no sales have been reported as
yet. ¦¦-. - • ...
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Flour, qr sks..." 14,498 Hay. tons 534
Wheat, ctls 72,970 Flaxseed. sks..^ 316
Oats, ctlB....... 45'1 Wool, sks ,1
Corn. ctls. : 242 Tallow, ctls: 468
Beans, sks 132 Wine, gals 42,500
Potatoes, sks... .2,384 Pelts, bdls.... .. 1,046
Onions, sks J-,015 Hides. No 1.041
Bran, sks 2.C20 flsks... 73
Middlings, sks.. 311 Leather, rolls... 71
Receipts df Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRTJ ART 10.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine/ Crushed, 6.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' -A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, lOo
more; half -barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. £?o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Peart Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra: Star,' 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c; SG-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; I in
cases, 26%c. »
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, tn 100-lbxbags:
70c; rure. $1 £0: Linseed Oil, in barrels,
boiled, 76c; raw, 74c; cases. 6c more; Lucol,
66c for boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels;
Lard Oil, extra w:nter strained, barrels. 00c.
cases. 95c: China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c:
cases.- 42%c: Cocoanut OH. barrels, 63J4c for
Ceylon and 5S%c for Australian.
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sarks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per 2000 lbs
and $8 CO per ton, according to brand. .
OIL— California Castor Oil. in cases, Nc. 1,
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Ccos Bay. $5 50; Wallaend. $8 50: Co-operative
Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk *nd
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egy.
; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Canriel. $11 per
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain JBag». 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc.
Genei'al Merchandise.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. . May.
Opening-........'.. '..6 1% 6 2
Closing 6 1% 6 !%
PARIS.
Wheat — , Feb. May.-Aug.
Opening .' Holiday.
Closing
Flour — -, . . ' -¦-.¦¦
Opening ..; ; -, ...
Closing
Silver slightly lower. Exchange unchanged.
CasJi Wheat in active demand and firm. Freights weak.
Barley futures stronger, owing to insufh~cient rain in the south.
Oats, Corn and itye as previously quoted. .
Hay steady, with still insufficient rain in several districts.
Feedstuifs remain as before quoted.
Beans and Seeds still reported inactive.
Butter and Eggs well cleaned up and firm. Cheese steady.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions firmer at Chicago, but dull Here. I
Meat market opens the week unchanged.
Potatoes firm. Onions weakening. *.
Fresh Fruits selling off well. *
Three cars of Eastern Poultry received.
Local stocks and bonds dull New York stocks closed firm.
All descriptions remain as before quoted,
with a dull market.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 CO: Small White.
$3 10(g'3 25; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea. $3 30@
4; Pink, $1 75@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 50; Black
eye, $3 50@3 65; LImas, $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canary,
3%@3V>o for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah
8%c; Rape. 1%@1%c; Hemp.-3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. §1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 60 per ctl. -
Beans and Seeds.
" Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 08 3C0 Mexican SI
300 Best & Bel... 27 100 Ophir 83
3C0 Best & Bel... 26 500 Potosl 13
500 Chollar 12 200 Sierra Nev... 15
700 Chollar 11 200 Yel Jacket... Id
100 C C & Va 1 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Feb. 10 — 4 p. m.
BId.Ask. - Bld-Ask.
Alpha. <W 04 Justice 1^ 14
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 01 1)2
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher ..... 08 09 Mexican 31 32
Best & Bel... 25 26 Occidental ... 10 12
Bullion ." 02 03 Ophir 84 &>
Caledonia ... 24 25 Overman .... 09$ 10
Challenge ... 17 IS Potosl 13 14
Chollar 11 12 Savage 10 11
Confidence ... 6O 65 Scorpion O* —
<C C & Va 1 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... 14 15
Con N Y 02 04 Silver Hill... 75 80
Crown Point. 07 03 St Louis . 08 10
Eureka Con.. 18 — Standard 3 33 3 00
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate- ... 07 --
Gould & Cur. 14 15 Union Con... 20 21
Hale & Nor.. 29 30 Utah 01 03
Julia — 04 Yel Jacket... IS 20
Consols for money, 94 'j. Mo. Kans & Tex. 25
Consols for acct.. 95 Mo. K& T pfd.. 54
Anaconda l>"^ X Y Central 168
Atchlspn 79% Norfolk & Wetrn. 53%
Atchiabn pfd 100% Nor & Wstrn pfd. 95
Bait '& Ohio..... 10714 Ontario & Wstrn. 34%
Canadian Pacific. 118 So Railway ....'.'33%
Ches & Ohio. 47 So Ry pfd 97
Chgo G Western.. 23% So' Pacific 6i%
Chgo, II & St P.. 171 Union Pacific ...100'A
Den & Rio Grade. 45V» Union Pac pfd... 92 : h
Den & R G pfd.. 95% U S Steel 44%
Erie 40% U S Steel ¦ pfd .... 96
Erie 1st pfd 71 Wabash 23%
Erie 2d pfd 57% Wabash pfd 4o
Illinois Central... 145 % | Spanish 4s. 7<%,
Louis & Nashvl.lO7%| • : .
Bar silver, dull, 25%d per ounce.
Money. 2Vi<g'2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
3-months' bills is 2%<2>2 13-16 per cent. . ..-
LONDON CLOSING BONDS.
Mass Elec pfd 94 i Victoria CVS,
N E Gas & Coke: 4 IWinona ..'. •• 1%
United* Fruit S7% Wolverine 50'/*
U S Steel 44 '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' Articles — :: Receipts: Shipments.
Flour, barrels . ......* 23 000 7 20.000.
Wheat. . bushels ..47 000 34.000
Corn, bushels ........ 410000 * ' 44,000
Oats, bushels-'. ....... .^105, 000' ¦ 67,000
Rye. bushels--.'... .-;...-.„ o 000 ' -' 3,000 ¦
Barley, bushels ......;. 45^000 6.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the -butter
market was firm; creameries, 17@27%c; dai
ries. 16@22c. Cheese steady 9%@ll%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 25y>c. * "
The week opened on a quiet and unchanged
market for all descriptions.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: - "' ,„__ ,.
BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@7o per lb
for Cows. y\
VEAL Large. S@9c; small. 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%@6c
LAMB — Yearlings. 9<39%c per lb: Spring
Lamb, lie per lb. - • "
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under C®
6%c; 200 lba and over, 5%@5%c; feeders, t%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, SO per cent on,
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs. 7%@9c.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6@
6'Ac; 200 lbs a. over. 5%@5Jsc; feeders, r>%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7%@9c.
San Francisco Meat Market
unchanged. . There was ' nothing new In Bran
and Middlings. ¦'¦"¦\ . ¦ •-. • .
1 BRAN — $18 50@19*per ton. . .
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton. - .
f FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $19@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; Jobbing..
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal,
$31 @32: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $17@1S 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50. • -,
¦ HAY— Wheat. $10013 JO: fancy. 514; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13 50; Oat. 9@11 50; Alfalfa $8®
10; Clover. $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@9; Stock, $~tt
@S 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40@C5c per bale.
@S SO; whisky, basis of" high wines, $1 31;
clover, contract grade. $9 25. "* . :.« ; '•-.
good to choice. Local ' dealers quota 10313c
for shipment.
THE SAH FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
XEW YORK. Feb. 10. — There wa» some ap
prehension In speculative circles that the sup
port accorded the market on Saturday after
the appearance of the- bank statement would
prove but temporary and that a setback was
Imminent in the prices of stocks. The heavy
fire losses reported "over Sunday, especially
that at Paterson, caused additional apprehen
sion before the opening-. The uneasiness how.
ever, proved to be unfounded. There was
abundant buying of stocks from the opening
and but little liquidation was encountered.
There was, indeed, profit-taking In many of
the stocks which have had striking advances
recently, but the strength was diverted to new
points. To-day 1 s market, although disclosing
some striking features of strength, by no means
took on the full proportions of a bull market
in either the volume of dealings, the extent of
the advances or the breadth of the distribution.
The bulk of the business was still congested
in comparatively few stocks, notably Southern
Pacific and the Readings and stocks most
nearly allied to them. There were some in
dications of a common origin for the active
dealings In both these leaders. The buying
of Southern Pacific is avowedly based on the
rate of earnings reported for the company and
the possibilities of reduced operating expenses
and refunding of high Interest mortgages. The
gain In the price of the stock extended to 2%.
Tne-Btrenjrth of the 'coalers was due to the
belief that an adjustment of labor disputes
was assured. The soft-coal carriers shared in
the movement. Many of the less prominent
stocks were features of the trading. Some of
this class of stocks which rose last week suf
fered eharp reactions. American Express ros*
11 and WellSrFargo 514 on the conviction that
development* are pending in the express busl.
iw*s. The industrials generally were inclined
10
STATIONS.
3"
|
K S O
2K ?a *3
SB33 aS
: c : g . & o
• s • 3 • B
09
r
5
I
a
Astoria 29.74 48 42 B Cloudy .14
Baker 80.02 40 32 S Enow .26
Carson 29.80 60 36 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka.
Fresno 30.02 70 40 XW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.04 64 20 6 Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 00 60 38 SE Cloudy .10
Indepen<Senco..29.98 60 30 8 Pt.Cldy .00
Loe Ansreles...30.00 68 42 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.92 80 38 NW Oear .00
Portland 29.60 46 40 SE Rain .05
Red Bluff 29.98 58 64 SB Cloudy .08
Koeeburg 29.74 42 36 Calm Rain .18
Sacramento... 30. 04 C2 64 S Cloudy .00
SEit Lake 29.98 56 38 SW Clear .00
San Franclsco.a0.06 60 60 S Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo. ..30.10 64 48 W Clear .00
SanDieso 30.00 62 46 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.88 48 40 N Cloudy .04
Spokane 30.02 42 34 KB Cloudy .20
JCeah Bay 29.80 44 38 K Cloudy .62
¦Walla Walla. .29.96 48 36 N Cloudy .60
Winnemucca. .29.88 66 40 E Cloudy .00
Tuma 29.92 80 44 N Clear .00
STATIONS.
3"
|
K S O
2K ?a *3
SB33 aS
: c : g . & o
• s • 3 • B
09
r
5
I
a
Astoria 29.74 48 42 B Cloudy .14
Baker 80.02 40 32 S Enow .26
Carson 29.80 60 36 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka.
Fresno 30.02 70 40 XW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.04 64 20 6 Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida. 30. 00 60 38 SE Cloudy .10
Indepen<Senco..29.98 60 30 8 Pt.Cldy .00
Loe Ansreles...30.00 68 42 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.92 80 38 NW Oear .00
Portland 29.60 46 40 SE Rain .05
Red Bluff 29.98 58 64 SB Cloudy .08
Koeeburg 29.74 42 36 Calm Rain .18
Sacramento... 30. 04 C2 64 S Cloudy .00
SEit Lake 29.98 56 38 SW Clear .00
San Franclsco.a0.06 60 60 S Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo. ..30.10 64 48 W Clear .00
SanDieso 30.00 62 46 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.88 48 40 N Cloudy .04
Spokane 30.02 42 34 KB Cloudy .20
JCeah Bay 29.80 44 38 K Cloudy .62
¦Walla Walla. .29.96 48 36 N Cloudy .60
Winnemucca. .29.88 66 40 E Cloudy .00
Tuma 29.92 80 44 N Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
£r> £^ £*
Don't miss our Regular Auction Sales of all
classes of Horses. Wagons. Surreys. Buggies.
Carts. Harness and Saddles. Sales positive
every TUESDAY at 1140 Folsom st.. 11 a. m.'FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights pf High and Low
' Waters at Fort Point, entrance to : San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. * ' - -". v
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front; (Mission-street ,. wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point ;
the height of tide is the same at both ' places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY: 11.
Sun rises .........•••"••••••¦"••••• 7 :W
Sun sets .....;.... .....5:44
Moon seta ......................... .9:20 p. m.~
TO SAIL.
, The; manufacturers', sale of < shoes is sel
irig'ladies*. and men's $3 50 shoes for" $1 85."
All brand new. The very latest ' styles ! in
vlci and King -kid, kangaroo s and. velour
calf .*" Nobody is •; disappointed. Everybody
gets shod at* the -Bee Hive Shoe." Co.,. 717
Market street, near Third.". '•
A Notice Worth Reading.
EL PASO, ,Tex., Feb. ,10.— The Grand
Jury , to-day ; indicted '] Count de Lucenay
and, Ruby Luckhardt for false %wearlng
in making affidavit that the girl's age was
above 18 years to procure a license to
wed. ; The .Count « was also indicted for
bigamy. , ,-*•*
Count and Ruby Indicted.
Branch '..- Hydrographlo Office, 'TT. S.' N., : Mer
. chants'.: Exchange, . Ban Francisco, Cal.,
" . .. ; February 10, 1902. r . , ¦
* The ¦ Time ; Ball :. on ' the tower of the Ferry
building ' was dropped * exactly at ' noon to-day,
i. e. , • at noon ; of 4 the r 120th ' merid Ian," or , at S
o • m Greenwich mean time. • >' - ¦ -
.. W. = H. STANDLET,
. Lieutenant U. S. ¦ Navy, In charge.
Time Ball.
SAN JOSE, - Feb. 10.— There is a gang
of crooks in San Jose that makes a
specialty : of robbing saloons. Last night
the Reception, on Santa Clara, near Third
street, was looted. Entrance was effected
through v a rear window. The thieves sot
about $30. '¦ On- Saturday night the New
York 'saloon,' on Market and El Dorado,'
and the • I X I», on South Market, were
robbed. fflBBBMBBSMWaawteMB
Looting San Jose Saloons.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning , tides are given in the left
hand - column ! and the successive tides of the
flay in the order of occurrence^ '.ka to time; the
fourth tlm« column gives top 'last tide of the
day except when there are Wit '.three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The bialJhtMKlven are In
addition to the soundlng-s'#ftth»YUnlted States.
Coast Survey Charts, except i»h»n a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. •.._•-.
FRESNO, Feb. , 10.— The citizens' com
mittee of fifteen, - appointed at a raisin
growers* mas3 meeting to formulate a
new. contract and suggest a reorganiza
tion of the combine, has adjourned sine
die, after dally sessions for almost three
weeks. It has appointed a sub-committee,
consisting of three, to formulate the con
tract agreed on informally. - No intima
tion is given out as to what the new con
tract .will be, though it is admitted that
the much-discussed and violently opposed
"New Jersey lease" , Is the best instru
ment . thus far adduced.
Formulate Baisin Contract.
SEATTLE, Feb 10 — Stmr Nome City arrived
here and reports Feb 7, 5 p m, 33 miles NNW
of Cape Mendocino, schr Laura Pike, from San
Francisco Jun 29, for. Eureka, in leaking con
dition, abandoned by crew, with ' Jib : and main
calls set. She sailed away. Could not break
Feb 5, lat 50 N, Ion 15 W — Br ship .William
Law, hence Sept 11, for Queenstown. ¦ • ¦¦...•
Per bark Big Bonanza, at Acapulco— No
date, lat 0 21 S, Ion 131 58 W, Ger ship Neck,
nance Nov 13. for : Queenstown.
. DISASTER.
| .- Monday, February 10.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Puret Sound ports.' ¦. — ¦' • ' - ,
Chil sttnr Tucapel, Moffett, Valparaiso and
way -ports. - . . . ¦¦¦
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Fr bark Francolse d'Ambolse, Lemeilieur,
Queenstcwn. . • ' -';,..
Br bark King Alfred, Mitchell, ¦ Queenstown.
Br bark - Invercoe, Lewis, Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Nor stmr Thyra, Halvorsen, 45 days from
Hongkor.g, via Kobe 33 days, via Hakodate
27 d8j*«, via San Diego 45 hours. .. .- . •
Br sh)r> Mylomeue, Jones, CO ¦ days ' from
Caleta Buena.
CLEARED. « ;
Monday, February 10.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all, Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Bonita, Nonander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Chil stmr Tucapel, Moffett, Valparaiso ' and
way ports; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Erenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Fr bark Duchesse Anne, Vaughan, Queens
town ; X. Kaufltman. . ¦
Gtr ecJir Gazelle, Nlemann, Matupi, German
Oceanlca; 'Williams, Dlmond & Co. -
Monday, February 10.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 8 days from Ta
coma, via Clallam 5 days.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, 5 days from Se
attle. .
Stmr Brunswick, Dettmers, 27 hours from
Eureka. *
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. 6 days from Aa
toria, via Cocs Bay, via Eureka 24 hours.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
An adjournment until . to-morrow was
taken, but it is feared Judge Harring
ton may not ' be able at that time to re
sume his place upon the ; bench. Mean
while the expense of maintaining- a horde
of witnesses in idleness here accumulates,
to the dismay of Modoc County tax
payers. ¦
AL.TURAS, Feb. 10.— There was no ses
sion of court to-day In the Lookout lynch
ing case, Judge Harrington being confined
to his bed. He was too ill to appear in
court. The trial has been a severe strain
oh the nerves of -both counsel and court,
and Judge Harrington's system was first
to .succumb to the nerve-racking 1 ordeal
to which it has been subjected during the
twelve weeks the trial has been in pro
gress. . • ,
HOw serious the illness- of Judge Har
rington is cannot be .said at this time.
An ulcerated tooth has added to : the
troubles of the ; Judge. Last night the
.molar was extracted, leaving him in such
a highly nervous condition that it was im
possible for him to take his accustomed
seat on the bench to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- Harrington.
Strain of the Lynching
Trial Too Severe for
ALTURAS JUDGE
ON SICK LEAVE
To South Africa — 100 cs assorted canned
goods, '1560 cs canned salmon, 31.250 lbs dried
fruit, 400 lbs raisins, 400 lbs codfish.
To Caroline Islands — 86 cs assorted canned
goods, 25 ca canned salmon, 0 bales twine, 4
pkgs dry goods, 1 pkg groceries.
To Samoa — 25 bbls flour, 71 gals wine, 400
lbs mllUtuffs, 150 cs, 2 bbls salmon, 4 cr bi
cycles and sundries, 10 pkgs beer, 2 pkgs dry
goods, 29 pkgs pipe, 50 cs coal oil, 2 pkgs
drugs, 157 lbs coffee, 3 ctls wheat, 100 lbs
beans. 18 cs canned goods, 100 lbs dried peas,
102- pkgs groceries and provisions, 20 pkg3
hardware, 644 lbs bread.
The steamer Sierra, which sailed Sunday for
Sydney ana way ports, carried merchandise
for Australia valued at $79,462; New Zealand,
$30,173; Samoa, $2671; Caroline Islands, $541;
South Africa, $9441. The following were j the
principal shipments:
To Australia — 24,743 ctls barley, 67,200 lbs
bluestone. 4 cr bicycles and sundries, 8 cs arms
and ammunition, 50 casks bottled beer, 53 cs
boots and shoes, 9300 lbs codfish, 3709 lbs cof
fee, 62 cs canned goods. 3065 lbs dried fruit.
400 lbs hops, 4 pkgs electrical supplies, 283
pkgs hardware, 10 bdls leather, 4850 lbs mill-
Btuffs, 17 pkgs machinery, 33 bales overalls,
35 pkgs paints and oils, 153 bdls paper, 453S
lbs alfalfa seed. 760 cs canned salmon, 18 pkga
sewing . machines, i 1000 lbs shrimps, 622 lbs
starch, 600 lbs salt fish, 320 pkgs timber, ¦ 200
cs whisky, 10 cs copper wire.
To New Zealand — 19,081 lbs dried fruit, 11
cr bicycles. and sundries, 5 cs cartridges, 5 cs
boots and shoes, 1185 lbs beans, 3750 lbs cod
fish, 1334 cs canned goods, 405 pkgs drugs, 11
pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 bxs fresh
fruits, 18 pkgs machinery, 301 bdls paper, 10
pkgs paints and oils, 5350 Ib3 raisins, 700 cs,
13 bbls salmon. 1200 lbs salt fish. .-
Exports to Australasia.
Must Hustle to Save Charter.
The French bark Alice, which arrived
here a few days ago'from Algoa Bay and
was sent to quarantine, has only nine
days in which to comply with the condi
tions necessary to save her charter. She
is still In quarantine. Her ballast, which
was obtained at Algoa Bay, where the
black plague is raging, is being thrown
into the bay. She will be thoroughly fu
migated before the quarantine authori
ties release her. According to her char
ter, she must be ready to receive her car
go of grain by February 20. There is
much to be done before that time, and if
the release from quarantine does not
CGme at once the Alice will lose the
freight. She is engaged to carry at the
rate of .£1 8s 9d -or carry it at a lower
figure. Captain Durand is studying the
American verb "to hustle" in all its
tenses. ¦>
Thyra Brings Much Freight.
The Norwegian steamship Thyra of the
California and Oriental Steamship Com
pany arrived yesterday from the Orient
by way of San Diego. She discharged
part of her cargo at the latter port, but
brought to San Francisco more than 2100
tons of Oriental freight.
Titania in Commission.
The big steam, collier Titania is once
more In commission. She sailed yesterday
for the north. She has been for the last
two weeks at the Union Iron Works un
dergoing a thorough overhauling. - - c "v
Tucapel Sails for Panama.
The steamship Tucapel of the Compa
nia Sud Americana de Vapores sailed
yesterday for Panama. The Tucapel
made a short stay in port, having been
several days behind her schedule in ar
riving. c-i<c _
Has Her Trial Trip.
The new steam schooner Redwood City,
built recently for A. W. Beadle, was out
yesterday for her - trial . trip. She gave
her builders and owner every satisfaction.
The new German gasoline schooner Ga
zelle sailed yesterday for Matupi. She ia
commanded by Captain Nlemann and was
Off for the South Seas.
Hopes to Retain Carshotis.
SAUSALJTO, Feb. 10.— Sausalito does
not propose to lose the North Paciflc
Coast Railroad shops if it can be helt>ed.
The fact that San Rafael has been made
a proposition by the company to build
shops there has so aroused the citizens
that a movement has been commenced to
raise sufficient money and In other ways
exert influence upon the railway direct
ors to have the shops remain here. City
Trustee Thomas is heading the movement-
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with an assorted - merchandise
cargo destined for the principal British Co
lumbian ports, valued at ?0336. The cargo
included the following merchandise and pro
duce: 17,450 lbs dried fruit, 15 bbls flour, 4
cs arms and ammunition, 39 pkg3 hardware,
24 cs canned goods, 110 cs eggs, 64 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 1541 lbs beans, 13 pkgs
paste, 457 pkgs fruits and vegetables, 271 lbs
tobacco, 245 lbs bread, 37,300 lbs malt, 380 lbs
nuts, 339 lbs cheese, 2410 lbs meal. 10 cs fuse,
529 gals wine, 35 pkgs machinery, 600 lbs
chocolate, 5 bdls leather. The steamer also
carried 5 rolls sheep leather for* Gloversville,
New York, valued at $573.
Merchandise for British. Columbia,
i ... . - - f -- ¦
¦ f*Tr-3 HE British ship Mylomene, which
II arived here yesterday morning
|| from Caleta Buena, came within j
; lL an ace of shipwreck at the very
i end of her voyage. But for a
! timely i>uff of wind and Pilot Newt. Jor-
I dan's ability to take advantage of it, the
! vessel would have ended her voyage and
\ in all probability her career on the rocks
i of Point Diablo. Jordan boarded the
! ship during the night. Wind and weather
j being favorable, he decided to sail his
I charge into the harbor. All went well
j until the ship was almost inside . the
i heads. The wind dropped suddenly and
| the favoring breeze was succeeded by a
! dead calm. The currents took charge of
! the vessel and whirled her around and
¦ around. She was absolutely at their
¦ mercy, and for awhile all the pilot's skill
! availed nothing:. The ship was almost
¦ on • Point Diablo when, puff! came a
breeze. She steadied herself, and as the
breeze freshened shook off the prip of the
currents and obeyed the will of the
wheelsman. .Pilot Jordan soon had her
-on her course again and sailed her safely
to her anchorage. Her time from Caleta
Buena was sixty-one days. She brought
21,844 basrs of niter.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 10.— The" 'Ameri
can-Mexican Pacific Railway Company
has commenced work here on its line.
The first division runs from Phoenix, via
Florence, to Tucson, a distance of 115
miles; thence south to Calabasas, sixty
five miles; thence east through the Seria
mining district to Naco, where it will
connect with the Phelps, Dodge & Co.
line to El Paso. The road will traverse
more than 300 miles of rich mineral re
gions. The company is financed by New
York capital. \
Kew Railroad Is Under "Way.
The schooner Gazelle was cleared yesterday
for Matupi, Bismarck Archipelago, with an as
sorted cargo valued at $6574, including the* fol
lowing: 9G00 lbs bread. 1000 lbs dried peas, 4
pkgs dry goods, 22 pkgs hardware, 760 lbs
dried fruit. 990 gals gasoline, 150 gals, 80 cs
wine, 259 cs canned goods, 4.H pkgs paints and
oils, 100 cs canned salmon, 518 lbs bacon, 334
bdls pickets. 10,010 gals distillate, 05,831 ft
lumber.
Cargo for the Bismarck Archipelago.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
her on account of rouzh weather. Crew was
picked ud by strcr Nome City.
TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT L.OBOS. Feb 10. UO p m— "Weather
foggy; wind SE, velocity 28 miles per hour..
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 8— Stmr Alliance,
from ¦ Coos 'Bay.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Co
quille River, hence Feb 6; stmr National City,
hence Feb 9. -¦ > •
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 10 — Stmr Nome
City, hence Feb C. Feb 9 — Stmr Pleiades,
hence Feb C. - ¦. . ¦-.-¦ .>
Sailed Feb 10— Stmr John S Kimball, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 10 — Stmr Farallon, from Skag
way. • .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 10 — Stmr Coos
Bay, hence Feb 7; bktn John Smith, from Port
Blakeley.
Sailed Feb XQ— Stmr Coos 'Bay, for- San
Francisco; ,schr, -Serena.; Thayer,. for Eureka;
stmr Samoa, for San Francisco. ¦ ' ¦ > -•
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 10— Schr Sailor Kc-y,
hence Feb 1: .
GRAYS : HARBOR — Arrived Feb 9 — Stmr
Melville Dollar, hence Feb 6; etmr Santa Bar
bara, hence Feb 6.
TiLLAMOOK— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr W H
Kramer, hence Feb.C.
FOREIGN j PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived - Feb S— Br ship
Clan Graham, hence Sept 12. Feb 9 — Ger ship
Adolf, from Tacoma; Ger shin Erato, h«i:C3
Oct '2.
YOKOHAMA -Arrived Feb &— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Jan -21. - v, •. . ¦
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 10— Br stmr Carlisle
City, hence Nov 37.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Feb 10— Nor strar
Tiger, from Portland. Or.
. ACAPULCO — Arrived Feb 8— Bark James
Nesmith, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Feb S — Stmr City of Para, for,Pana
ma. Feb h—Stwr San- Juan, for> San Fran
cisco.
SHAN'GHA I- -Arrived- Feb 8— Schr Solano.
from Port Gamble. • ' • -¦
PALMOUTH- Arrived ! Feb 9— Nor shin
Lancing, hence. Oct 4; Ger bark Ecuador, from
Oregon. '
¦SWANSEA— Siiled P'eb 8— Br ship Cardigan
shire, for San Fr.mcisco. • -
... LONDON— Salli-d Feb ¦ 10— Ital shlo Wallace
town, for Honolulu. • - ¦ .
LADYSMITH— arrived Feb 8— Br stmr Vic
toria, hence Feb 5- " , : • .
CALETA BUENA — Arrived Feb 10 — Bktn
Arago, from Willapa Harbor.
KIAOCHAU— Sailed >- Jan 18— Fr bark Gen
Neumayer, for San Francisco. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE — Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Carlisle
City, from San Francisco, via Pernambuco.
ST VINCENT, C V— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr
Tiger, from Portland, Or, for Antwerp.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Neko,
from Humours, etc, for San Francisco, via
Guayaquil. ¦ . " .
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Serapis, foe
San Francisco. • ' •. ~
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The BritiEh ship Dechmont will load wheat
at this port for Europe at 31s 9d; the British
bark Pomona, same 36s 3d; the British ship
Kensington, wheat at Tacoma for Kurope, 35s
(id.— All three chartered prior to arrival. The
British ship Chiltenford is chartered for wheat
at this port for Europe at 27s 6d; if Liverpool
or Antwerp direct. 26s 8d. The schooner Ot
tilie Fjord loads lumber at Ballard for HUo.
.Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
PORTLAND, Feb. 10.— W. F. Thomson,
held under arrest here since last Thurs
day on suspicion of being Edward Clark,
wasted in Anaconda, Mont., for assault
en a bartender with a revolver four years
ago, was released to-day, it having been
definitely proved that he is not. Clark.
SheriH Ccnley of Anaconda telegraphed
the local officers this morning to release
Thomson, as he was not the man wanted.-
The orJy evidence against him. was that
cf two former residents of Anaconda,
who swere positively that the prisoner
was Edward Clark. Thomson was pass
ing through Portland on his way to San
Francisco when he was arrested.
Wrong Man Under Arrest.
built especially for the trade among the
South Sea islands.
The Indian had had trouble with his
squaw and determined to kill her. He shot
at her, but his aim was faulty and the
bullet found lo<igTnent in the heart of
an Indian who was standing near, but
¦who was not interested in the quarrel.
The murderer at once placed the stock
of liis rifle on the ground with the muzzle
against bis abdomen and pressed the trig
ger with his toe.
The dead were buried with. Papago rites
and, in order to destroy as far as pos
sible all memory of the bloody event, the
little village -was fired and almost wholly
destroyed -while the services were in
progress.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 10.— An Incident
•unusual in the history of Indian tribes
occurred at the Papagro settlement in
Eastern Tuma County on Saturday, when
one Indian murdered another and then
committed suicide.
skins Occurs in an Arizona
Village.
Double Tragedy Unusual Among 1 Bed-
PAPAGO INDIAN FOLLOWS
MTJKDEB WITH SUICIDE
Attorney yv\ A. Harris represented
Murray, who is not known to any one
interested except his lawyer. The other
bidders for the franchises were the Los
Angeles Traction Company and the Los
Angeles Railway Company, but their bids
were so far short of Murray's that not
much interest was taken in them. Mur
ray was given until 3 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon to turn over the amount of his
bid.
One franchise is for what is known as
the Sixth and Seventh Ward line, which
forms a loop in the center of the city.
This is the franchise that permits the
operation of freight cars to First and
Broadway. For this grant Murray bid
J415.O00. The second franchise, known as
the Vernon and Western avenue line, will
EkirC the city on the south and west For
this Murray bid $35,000. The third fran
chise is known as the Edgeware road
srar.t. It is a short connection between
the Temple street and belt lines of the
Los Angeles Railway Companv. For this
Murray bid $500.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 10.-A mysterious
person ncraed E. Murray gave the mem
bers of the City Council a surprise to
day by bidding a total of $430,000 for the
three stroet railway .franchises which the
Huntington-Hellmafi syndicate had asked
The municipality to offer for sale to the
highest bidder.
High Figures OSered for Rail
way Frivileges by Mys
terious Person.
Routs the Huntington-
Hellman Syndicate
in Los Angeles.
Favoring Breeze Upon Which Riot Jordan Depends to
Bring Her In Dies Down, and the Currents Take Charge
of the Vessel, Carrying Her Almost on the Rocks
STRANGER BIDS
FOB FRANCHISES
SHIP MYLOMENE NARROWLY ESCAPES
DESTRUCTION NEAR POINT DIABLO
PICKS UP CREW
OF A SCHOONER
Nome Gity Res cues the
Laura Pike's Master
and Seamen. /
Craft Is Abandoned Off
Trinidad.
Past-Sinking San Francisco
SEATTLE, Feb. 10.— The steamship
Nome , City, ".-; Captain Daniels, ¦. which
reached port this .-. morning from San
Francisco, had as passengers Captain L.
Johnson and five members, of .the crew
of j the schooner Laura Pike, who were
picked up at sea in a small boat thirty
miles off Trinidad on Thursday morning.
.When ." they left the schooner she was
wallowing In the 'seas and fast sinking
from leaks caused by rough weather.. ;
The "Laura Pike left San: Francisco on
January 26, en route. to. Eureka for a car
go of lumber. Captain Johnson tried to
cross Humboldt bar, but" adverse : winds
drove the schooner, back into the ocean
and for ; several days • the Pike, was buf-^
feted about. : Eariy on Thursday morning
it was discovered that the schooner ¦ was
leaking.- The crew mafte futile attempts
to stop the inpouring water. Thirty-six
hours later— on Friday afternoon, - at 4
o'clock— they took to the small boats and
reached the Nome City, which had been
attracted by the signals of distress flying
from the sinking vessel. .
One peculiar coincidence about the res
cue of the Pike's crew is "the fact that
they were picked up, in almost the same
spot where the Nome City found the six
members of the. ill-fated Walla Walla's
crew about a month ago, thirty mil ea off
Trinidad.
Charles Nelson & Co. of San Francisco
owned the Pike. .
MOUNTAIN SHEEP FALLS /
? CAPTIVE TO HARRIMAN
New York Banker Takes a" Prize in
the Wilds of Lower
California.
' SAN DIEGO, Feb. 10.— William Harrl
man, the New York banker, who is on a
two months' hunting trip in Lower Cali
fornia, sent to this port by the steamer
St. Denis a big-horn mountain sheep,
which is believed to be the only one of his
species in captivity. Harrlman's party
captured it on the gulf side several hun
dred miles down the peninsula, and it is
his intention to present it to the New
York Zoo, where it will be a great curios
ity. Harriman has shot several moun
tain sheep and an immense mountain lion.
RIVEESIDE FLOTJH MILLS
IN RENO ARE DESTROYED
Tire Causes a Iioss Nearly
One Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
RENO, Nev., Feb.: 10.— The Riverside
Flour Mills . were' burned to the ground
to-night. They contained more than 401
tons of choice grain. The loss is nearly
$100,000, j heavily insured. The mills will
te rebuilt at once.
Aspirants for Debating Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 10.—
In the preliminary debates between, the
candidates for the intercollegiate team
the following eight men were chosen from
a total of twenty-four to contest in the
final tryouts: J. W. Cameron '03, A.
Jones -04, W. C. Maloy '<«. A^ G. Thomp
son '03, J. H. Page '03, O. H. Rltter 04,
L. D. Lock-wood '04, G. "\V. Leistner '04.
Frdm these men and the Carnot debaters
Jones, Wagner, Rice . and Loofbourow
will be chosen not only the team, of three
and the alternates to meet California, but
also a second team, which will be sent to
Seattle to meet the University of Wash
ington debaters.' "::.,"
Grants . Divorce to Geer.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— Judge Hyland to
day rendered a decision in the divorce
suit of Albert W. Geer vs. Jessie M. Geer
in favor of the plaintiff. The findings
were that the plaintiff and defendant
were lawfully married by contract on
January 14, 1895; that the child born of
this marria&e is legitimate, and that 'the
defendant was guilty of acts charged by
the plaintiff. The case was a sensational
one, Mrs. Geer denying: the marriage and
averring that on July 16, 1901, she was
married to Gus Vldeau and has since been
Vldeau's.wife. V.
Cargo of Cotton Still Ablaze.
PORTLAND, Or.V Feb. 10.— The fire
which broke out in the hold of the Port
land and Asiatic steamer Indravelli and
which compelled her to return - to port
after having started on her voyage last
Thursday, Is still burning. Two chemical
engines have been pumping gases into the
cargo of cotton for two days, and it was
believed the flames were extinguished.
When the hatches were opened this morn
ing smoke poured out, and it was neces
sary to close them at once. The loss on
the cargo will be very heavy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TXJESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1902.
BRITISH SHIP DECHMONT, WHICH ON JANUARY 30 WAS .THROWN 1 ON
HER BEAM ENDS BY A NORTHEASTERLY GALE WHICH. RAISED A
SEA THAT WASHED EVERYTHING MOVABLE FROM HER DECKS.
11
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Progreso. . ..".
Hyades......
Sequoia......
S. Monica....
Lakme .......
Empire. ......
Eureka
Queen
Alameda
Crescent City
Coos Bay.'...
Spokane.....
Pt. Arena....
North Fork..
J. S. Kimball
Guatemala.:.
WashtenawV.
Arcata. ;..'.. .
Rival... v....
Pomona
Zealandla. . . .'
G. W. Elder..
Nippon Maru
Luxor. .......
Rainier. . . . . . I
Bonita....... I
Chehalis... .. i
Umatilla.....
Sonoma.'...'..
San Juan....
Columbia..'..
City of Pueblt
Peru......:..
Seattle ; . . . Feb. 10
Honolulu & Kahulul ... Feb. 10
Grays ; Harbor Feb. 10
Humboldt •• Feb. 11
Portland ¦& Astoria... .. Feb. 11
Coos Bay Feb. 11
Humboldt ... ..¦ Feb 11
Puget Sound Ports . Feb. 11
Honolulu ."."..'.... Keb. 11
Crescent . City v. ........ Feb 12
San Pedro & ,Way Ports Feb. 12
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Point- Arena ..".......;. Feb 13
Humboldt Feb 13
Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 13
Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb.' 1.1
Tacoma .... ... . . . . . . ... Feb. 13
Coos Bay & Port Orf ord Feb. 13
Willapa Harbor. ........ Feb. 14
Humboldt ............... Feb' 14
Tahiti ........" ..... Feb! 14
Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
China- &• Japan Feb' 15
Hamburg: & West Coast Feb! 15
Seattle &N.- Whatcoro. Feb 15
Newport & Way Ports. Feb 16
San Pedro Feb 1 fi
Puget Sound Ports. . ; . Feb' 10
Sydney . & Way Ports . . Feb! 17
Panama & Way Ports.. Feb 18
Portland , & Astoria Feb 19
Puget Sound Ports...... Feb! 21
China & Japan. :....... Feb! 22
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
C. Nelson..
Argo. ......
Alliance....
Pomona.
Bonlta.....
Czarina. ...
Bmplre..:..
G.' L.lndaner
Kama Ana.
Phoenix....
State Cat..
Columbia. . .
Sequoia....
Lakme. . . ..
a. Monica. :
Eureka. .. . .
" February 11.
Los Angeles Ports.
Coquille River .
Portland & I "Way. .
Humboldt .:.::..:.
Newport & Way .. .
February 12.
Seattle & Tacoma.'.
Coos • Bay '. .-'. .".V..T.
Grays Harbor .....
Seattle & Tacoma..
Mendoclno City ....
San Diego & Way..
Astoria • & I Portland
Grays Harbor ....':.
February -13.",
Astoria I & Portland.
Humboldt '."... . . . . .
Humboldt '¦*.*.". . . ,\ . ,
'February 14.
Coos B. & ft. Ort'd
February 15.
Point Arena : . . . ;;•.
San " Pedro & Way.
China & Japan.....
; Honolulu r;..v..' :'.*.'.
Puget | Sound ¦ Ports.
February 10.
S. Diego & Way Pts
urays Harbor. .....
HUmboldt o .........
February,; 17.'
Astoria ( & Portland
Willapa Harbor .;
February 1 18. .
Valparaiso & Way.
0 am|Pier 2
4 pmjpier 2
10 am/Pier 10
1:30 p Pier a
» am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 8
1- m Pier 13
io"am Pier ~2
,3 pmPier 13
0 am Pler.li.
11 &m Pier 2i
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier • 2
4 pm Pier '2
•> am Pier la
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier' 11'
1 pm PMSS'
2 Pm Pier 7
U'am Pier a
9 am|Pier 11
5 Ptn|Pler •¦¦a
8 am Pier a
11 am Pier. 24
5 pm Pier 2
13. m Pier 10
Arcata.....
Pt. Arena. . ]
Coos Bay. . .
Doric......
Alameda.. .
Queen......!
Spokane . . . •
Cbehalis. .'.
North Fork.
G. Elder.
Rival....:.
Guatemala.
Btcamer.
% or.
;9.
Cottage City..
Farallon
E. Thompson
City of Seattle
Skagway' & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 1ft
Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 16
Acapulco... Panama & "Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
February 1O.
Australia... Tahiti direct (about) 2 pm Pier 7
Hyades .... Honolulu & Kahului Pier —
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
-February 20. | |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports..|ll am|Pier 0
O Time
•.,. n w
ir*1^37
12 2:09
13 2:4B
11 3:29
16 4:20
16 5:21
. L-W
17 0:11
18 1:22
'-¦, - Time ..,.
Ft. Ft.*
L -W - ¦
6.0 7O2 1.9
6.0 8:10 1.6
6.1 9:06 1.4
- 6il 10:17 1.2
ff.2 11:31 , 0.9
6.2 12:40 0.4
. . H W
,2.9 6:29 ; 6.3
2.9 7:38 6.4
Time! : ¦ •-'
Ft.
H "W ;,
1:19 4.7
2:16 4.4
3:25 4.1
4:51 S.S
6:28 -3.7
7:49 -3.9
L W
1:44 0.1
2:40|—0.2
Time
Ft
LW ¦
7:30 1.3
8:12 1.7
9:00 2.1,
9:63 2.5
10:59 2.8
h'w'T"
.8:53 4.2
0:44 4.5
Btcamer.
% or.
;9.
Cottage City..
Farallon
E. Thompson
City of Seattle
Skagway' & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 14
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 1ft
Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 16
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Progreso. . ..".
Hyades......
Sequoia......
S. Monica....
Lakme .......
Empire. ......
Eureka
Queen
Alameda
Crescent City
Coos Bay.'...
Spokane.....
Pt. Arena....
North Fork..
J. S. Kimball
Guatemala.:.
WashtenawV.
Arcata. ;..'.. .
Rival... v....
Pomona
Zealandla. . . .'
G. W. Elder..
Nippon Maru
Luxor. .......
Rainier. . . . . . I
Bonita....... I
Chehalis... .. i
Umatilla.....
Sonoma.'...'..
San Juan....
Columbia..'..
City of Pueblt
Peru......:..
Seattle ; . . . Feb. 10
Honolulu & Kahulul ... Feb. 10
Grays ; Harbor Feb. 10
Humboldt •• Feb. 11
Portland ¦& Astoria... .. Feb. 11
Coos Bay Feb. 11
Humboldt ... ..¦ Feb 11
Puget Sound Ports . Feb. 11
Honolulu ."."..'.... Keb. 11
Crescent . City v. ........ Feb 12
San Pedro & ,Way Ports Feb. 12
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Point- Arena ..".......;. Feb 13
Humboldt Feb 13
Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 13
Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb.' 1.1
Tacoma .... ... . . . . . . ... Feb. 13
Coos Bay & Port Orf ord Feb. 13
Willapa Harbor. ........ Feb. 14
Humboldt ............... Feb' 14
Tahiti ........" ..... Feb! 14
Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
China- &• Japan Feb' 15
Hamburg: & West Coast Feb! 15
Seattle &N.- Whatcoro. Feb 15
Newport & Way Ports. Feb 16
San Pedro Feb 1 fi
Puget Sound Ports. . ; . Feb' 10
Sydney . & Way Ports . . Feb! 17
Panama & Way Ports.. Feb 18
Portland , & Astoria Feb 19
Puget Sound Ports...... Feb! 21
China & Japan. :....... Feb! 22
O Time
•.,. n w
ir*1^37
12 2:09
13 2:4B
11 3:29
16 4:20
16 5:21
. L-W
17 0:11
18 1:22
'-¦, - Time ..,.
Ft. Ft.*
L -W - ¦
6.0 7O2 1.9
6.0 8:10 1.6
6.1 9:06 1.4
- 6il 10:17 1.2
ff.2 11:31 , 0.9
6.2 12:40 0.4
. . H W
,2.9 6:29 ; 6.3
2.9 7:38 6.4
Time! : ¦ •-'
Ft.
H "W ;,
1:19 4.7
2:16 4.4
3:25 4.1
4:51 S.S
6:28 -3.7
7:49 -3.9
L W
1:44 0.1
2:40|—0.2
Time
Ft
LW ¦
7:30 1.3
8:12 1.7
9:00 2.1,
9:63 2.5
10:59 2.8
h'w'T"
.8:53 4.2
0:44 4.5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
C. Nelson..
Argo. ......
Alliance....
Pomona.
Bonlta.....
Czarina. ...
Bmplre..:..
G.' L.lndaner
Kama Ana.
Phoenix....
State Cat..
Columbia. . .
Sequoia....
Lakme. . . ..
a. Monica. :
Eureka. .. . .
" February 11.
Los Angeles Ports.
Coquille River .
Portland & I "Way. .
Humboldt .:.::..:.
Newport & Way .. .
February 12.
Seattle & Tacoma.'.
Coos • Bay '. .-'. .".V..T.
Grays Harbor .....
Seattle & Tacoma..
Mendoclno City ....
San Diego & Way..
Astoria • & I Portland
Grays Harbor ....':.
February -13.",
Astoria I & Portland.
Humboldt '."... . . . . .
Humboldt '¦*.*.". . . ,\ . ,
'February 14.
Coos B. & ft. Ort'd
February 15.
Point Arena : . . . ;;•.
San " Pedro & Way.
China & Japan.....
; Honolulu r;..v..' :'.*.'.
Puget | Sound ¦ Ports.
February 10.
S. Diego & Way Pts
urays Harbor. .....
HUmboldt o .........
February,; 17.'
Astoria ( & Portland
Willapa Harbor .;
February 1 18. .
Valparaiso & Way.
0 am|Pier 2
4 pmjpier 2
10 am/Pier 10
1:30 p Pier a
» am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 8
1- m Pier 13
io"am Pier ~2
,3 pmPier 13
0 am Pler.li.
11 &m Pier 2i
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier • 2
4 pm Pier '2
•> am Pier la
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier' 11'
1 pm PMSS'
2 Pm Pier 7
U'am Pier a
9 am|Pier 11
5 Ptn|Pler •¦¦a
8 am Pier a
11 am Pier. 24
5 pm Pier 2
13. m Pier 10
Arcata.....
Pt. Arena. . ]
Coos Bay. . .
Doric......
Alameda.. .
Queen......!
Spokane . . . •
Cbehalis. .'.
North Fork.
G. Elder.
Rival....:.
Guatemala.
Acapulco... Panama & "Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
February 1O.
Australia... Tahiti direct (about) 2 pm Pier 7
Hyades .... Honolulu & Kahului Pier —
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
-February 20. | |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports..|ll am|Pier 0
Offlco 1OO4. Market Str»»S.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off lea— 54 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS%
It would do you good to see the perfect
system and absolute cleanliness we main-
tain. We have every facility for doing
perfsct laundry work, and that's the only
kind we do. If you send your linen hers
you'll have no cause to be dissatisfied. We
deliver, and collect your washing. No
Saw Edges.
Ever Peep Into This Laundry?
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
Get Pears' for economy
"and cleanliness.
Sold all over the -vrorli -
ADVEBTISE1.EENTS.
? «
t Two Elements ;;
• of pleasurable social life -
• are health and hospitality. n
4 o '
j «===. t
! =™^; ilUlltvl "•
? DIVA'S 1 1
? lirf Baltimore ;; !
* j@M3&£^2$rfe*. Contributes to '
* tS^^I*#% both " ths P^- I!
I sidan's and the ,,
4 host's first choice <¦
* ¥i\ffl&P&f!§finm Superb Flavor ;;
• ' ' -I
1 CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.. '
Inc., 223-225 California St.. San
Francisco. Cal.
* Telejihone Main 873. •
• •••¦• •»»•>••¦»•>• •••»»••'
D2- HALL'S EEINYIGORAfORf?^^
Stop* »n Iokps In 2i hours. Five W^fpfv?
hundred reward for any case we mask ¦ £ -*A
cannot cure. This secret irmedjr i ?*
<ure« En-iisFlcr.s, Impotency, VjtJ' ECffJ
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. *«? 7*ff
Etrictures, Drains, Lost Kan- Jiil 1 KsA
fccod and a:i <;tlier wasting et- mSJiIJmPS
Jects ol celf-abuse or excesses. Hffi'Fffl
Cent eea!ed. f2 bottle; 3 bottles. ?5: euaranteed
to cure any rase. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 655 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also lor eale at 1073 tf*
Market gt.. S. F. Send for free boolc •
*•> rT T5^>>5W r* Eip C3 1e g. nca-polionons
s&4&&Lj2ii£&**F\ remedy for (ionorrhoea-
Glett, Spermatorrhoea,
£%if CURES \j Whltet, u n n a t u r » 1 tit-
E&£5f lalto 6 ttya. %3 charges, or any icllammtk-
ftSu'i GuM-mtMd u> « tioa, irritation or ulcera-
F -W PrtTeat conttf ion. tioa of in a c o o t ffiem-
RClTKEErABSCHOtlCAtCl brMefc Kon-«strfngcnt-
:K I™™ -^P'or^ni f'ST^SSr.
TCPigSfv «. u. a. yft/Sl br esprcBg. prpptid. for
*&&t&&&n rf *grtj tl.00, or 3 bottles. J2.75.
VS^^5-^>y > a Circulir sent en rocutst.
i Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; elves health ar.d
ctrec£tfa to sexual orsans. De^ot. 323 Market.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
m mm £2 V5r § a fl E~i §^ ffx
: i aj fiiwuinGn*
Immediate Relief from the Use of
Paine $ Celery Compound.
ly " BOSTON, Jan. 13, 1902.
"TO THE STOTEBIffG PUBLIO: It is with a feeling of extrema grati-
tude and thankfulness and a' humane desire to benefit others that I write out
i my own experience in the 113a of Prof. Edward E. Phelps' wonderful prepara-
tion, called "Pains's Celery Compound." Owing to a fall from a horse several
years ago, I became a nervous invalid, and last year I entered a hospital as
a" patient, where I was operated on by a famous Hew York surgeon.
The surgical operation ,was successful, but nervous prostration followed.
A summer in Newport, with the best medical attendance, failed to restore my
nerves to their normal condition. I was absolutely unable to digest any solid
food, and this weak condition of my digestive organs, combined with insomniai
caused the deepest depression. A constant tenderness and soreness in tho
region of my stomaoh, with a dull headache and extreme weakness, created a
feeling of hopelessness, from which I was unable to rise.
It was in this melancholy frama of mind that I "chanced to meet a Boston.
t lawyer, who said to me, "I was in almost tho condition that yon are now in, and
after spending hundreds of dollars without receiving any benefit I was induced
by a friend to give Paine's Celery Compound a trial, which I did, and it cured
me completely when everything else had failed."
I was rather skeptical about trying a prepared medicine, but I ordered a
• bottle from my druggist and began to take it according to directions. Much to
my surprise I slept soundly at night and did not wake in the morning with the
usual dull headache. Then, too, I developed an appetite for solid food and soon
I was able to digest a course dinner without any unpleasant sensations. I am
now completely restored to health after about two months' use of the Compound.
Sympathizing deeply with all who may be suffering as I did, I take this method
of reaching strangers, after writing personal letters to my particular friends.
With the sincere hope. that others may be benefited as I have been by the
use of Paine's Celery Compound, I am
50 Very truly yours, .
382 Hewbury St. MliS. FSAHOES L. BEBJJHABDT. *
Ty t r Xyv. Z2m~ IdlB' ElfiCti to
Beit" (with 2!&jy~ • n » p » n soxr) Is
Ciuiranteed -^*=f^ w to powess all tb»
curatlvs properties cC the expensive belts
sow sold by doctors and druggists. It give*
a very strong current of electricity and Is
easiily > regulated. Bound to euperseda
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call Tr iddress PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., 206 ?os\. gt.. San Francisco, or
1143' Broadway. New Tork. .
S visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
iMUSEUH OF ANATOHY*
A C& 1551 1USZXT ST. tat fch*7!S, 3.7-CiI. £
\ >Sb^ T he Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m ««afc«^ World. Weaknesses or *»y cmtiactod Q
' JSS^OT *«a<;« po'HlvrlyeartxIhT the oldest \
© J22 33] Specialist on the Coast Esc 36 years. ©
i a^0i OH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ f'SH^a Consultation fre« »nd itiictly priVite. \
¦W 1 BwB Treatment personally or by letter. A A
W R ff ti U J^tsitna Car* in every cas«m»lertakea. V
All II S Write for Book. ?aiLO1«?aV af A
V • If I 1 " a*a>MSE, uailso Faaa. ( a 7
A I* (r »»'u»ble book for m^n) \
f DM. 2OBDAX A CO., 1051 Afxrbst St.. S. T. 9THE SAN "FRANCISCO CAi^L., 1 ly 1 902:
12
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnned.
ISM AR.- ths. Egyptian. Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located, 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally,. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. TV ALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. LA VOtf, wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c, $1. 234% Sixth st ¦
MRS. . BROWN. - clairvoyant,", card ' reader: i la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
60c, $1— Prof. Weller, *clairv ayant, palmlst.card
reader;mail orders;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt.
' MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
¦ ! spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c.
- MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
• has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
• MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently;, business
advice; names given; 25o up. 5 Fourth st.'
I CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become' disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lnc Works. 353-357 . Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th gt; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
, reasonable. 1703 Harrison Et. : tel.' Mission 263.
CQNKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
1 333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION*- OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 910 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY, 5 rooms,"' gas and bath: large base-
ment and yard; $16. 1110 Vallejo; key 1121 H.
, SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms and bath, large yard.
, I flowers, etc. 782 Capp st.. near Twenty-third.
1 TO let — Furnished cottage of 6 rooms and bath
at 3373 22d st. ; references required.
" DENTISTS.
1 A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market St., Emma
1 Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
1 able" prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns,- $5. up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
• Painless extraction. .
I do first-class work only%ind guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DKNTAL CLINIC. S00 Market, cor.'
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
1 up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
1 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
¦ EASY Dental Par!orF. 0 Turk St., cor. Mason —
j Expert painle«s extractors; skilled operator?;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDERSON,
J D. D. S. , proprietor and manager. !
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — rannot break;
1 warranted 20 years; crowns, ?3 COjfllllngs.SOc;
j plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth -8t.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crown, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 6th.
I PARIS Dental Parlors. 285 Kearny, cor. Bu?h—
I Full set of teeth, ?4; crowns, ?3; fllltng«:, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st: expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plats. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St.,
i DR.R.L. WALSH. Sir.si Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
! legs ext.. 50c: plates S. r . up: phone Pnlk 1135."
I PItESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
j McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
j Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
I FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
! PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE^LD^s'^cllOO^^OF^^LEC^RICAir'ENai"
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion,, laoratory . and ' shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Pest st, S.F.;
catalogue free.
AIRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
; spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
I new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
j S. F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.— Big
] school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
I test Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. *
HEALC'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
1 ' S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school' for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
! ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
j associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sl tlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account" g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est 1864. - Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for nil graduates;
new CO- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE. Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st ¦
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. r»Oc; piano for practice. :{Q Fifth st
SPANISH. Freneh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of Lat.guages,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, succe»3ful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeepine. grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND »taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S 1 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.: $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— rARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. .
HEALD'"K Ru«lne«s College. 24 Post St.*. S. F.:
fnnrtf'Art -rcc**. nnn* f-r»_»i-i~n /*^ttin«nir> free.
'EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning. ' cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita. 1233 Page, cor. Lvon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO^T 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-'
, ton: tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese 'Employment Of-
• flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bueh st. ; tel. Bush 516. \
ORPHEUM Employment Office.— Japanese.Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT v- WASTED FEMALE.
< A RELIABLE l^erson wishes a situation as
j cook and dqw^tlrs work. .. 1217 Mission st.
RELI A BLE -"Wfjmah wishes work by the day
< washing, irohins and housecleanlng. 585
;..' Seventh st.,. 1 ,-: ¦ ¦ •. -,.. ; , -?.;¦ '<;.,- .'-: .. • . ,
WANTED— A' position to do chamberwork and
. sewing; four years' , reference. Please call
1500 Jackson st; near Polk. . -. , ;• ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes work; good
cook, ; laundress, etc'. ; city or country. Call
lrt Stockton place, off Grant ave.; no postals.
WANTED — By a lady with a ! girl 9 years, a
position as working housekeeper, to elderly
.couple or widower with, children. Address
box 3C41, Call.. : ¦ . , "
WANTED— A position to ' do general house-
work in a small American family by a younir
Swedish girl; wasrea $15 a month. Address
box 3071,: Call' office/ ¦ ¦ • •-.•-< ¦¦ ....
EXPERIENCED , maid, accustomed to travel :
I best city references. Box 3680, " Call. - .'
BY a neat young woman, living in country
with parents, situation for Jlght" housework-
, no wash; good plain cook," or upstairs work
$20; Mission preferred; references given Ad'-
dress MISS LUCY, Stege, Cal; v . ~ ' -* .
HORSES AND - WAG0N9. .
JUST arrived— 72 head well broke horses;
weight from 1150 to 1500 lbs.; suitable for
laundry, express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard at -
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SANTA ROSA sale and stock yard; horses,
harness and buggies bought and so.fi. 14_J»
Market st.. cor. Eleventh. Phone South 8t>4.
FOR sale— Two heavy colts. 3 and 4 years old;
black is broken, bay partly. >H. W. ,WIL-
LIAMS, Martinez. Cal.
DOUBLE team express wagon for sale. Apply
. Turk and Taylor sts. '
WANTED — A small neat laundry wagon in
good condition. 2125 Mission at.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission. ¦
FOR sale— 1375 Eddy, st; stylish single foot-
lng saddle horse. ¦
FIRST-CLASS Jersey cow and calf for sale.
¦ 407 Eureka st. ¦'.---
~ ¦ ' ~-~~^~ m ~" *~" "* ¦ -'
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMB5EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSUS' WASTED.
HOUSE, 7 to 10 rooms, wanted by painter,
: . pap.erhanger; where part rent would be taken
out in work. Box 3259. Call office.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 39. 139 Post st. Llebes building.
______ LOST AND FOXJND.
LOST— A roll of blue prints from N. Blala-
dell's architect office, going from 505 Mis-
sion st. to Kearny and Francisco, by way of
. First, Bush and Sansome. Finder will please
communicate or 'return to 505 Mlsslon j st
; LOST — At or near 1902 Vallejo st, diamond
¦ crescent Return 521 Chestnut st; reward.
LOST — Gold ring with 5 diamonds, fob and
locket; initials F. R. 520 Sansome St.; reward.
matrimonial;
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellia.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
Bt.: tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
LADIES— All who are sick or In trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by- my medical treat-
ment: free, confidential advice on all subjects
of, a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated: relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases In both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to !f0 days. DR. O.
¦ W. O'DOXNELL, 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity. Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
I before and during . confinement: best care;
confinement $15; rm.. board. $5 wk. ; Infants
adopted ; will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
SO years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell at
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 1228 Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER." ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 113 Mason.
1 MRS. D. GOODWIN. ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement. 1126' Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
• confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases' cured by herbs.
' MINING AND ASSAYING.
FOR sale — Property. of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated In Ne-
' vada County, 15 miles north of Auburn: 2
patented claims. 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for telling, non-
experience of mininpr -by owners; mine open
for inspection. Further particulars from .A.
MEISTER. Sacramento; ' Cal. • " ¦¦ ' *• -
MINES- AND 3HNING.
MINER wants grub stake; valuable location;
references. Box 36C9. Call office.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner big., S.
F.; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st
25 H.P. HORIZONTAL boiler and engine: all
complete; perfect order $300
10 H.P. upright boiler and engine; ready to
run; fine shape..... $150
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st '
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. ' The
Brunswlck-Balke-'Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
FOR SALE — 100,000 old bricks and 1 flagpole
60 feet long. California Market, or 1828 Fif-
teenth st.
A— 13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine
FINE suits. -$10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
AN old master violin; $15, worth $30. HAR-
RIS' Loan Office, 105 Stockton et.
NEW stove, used 6 weeks; cost $15; will sell
for $8. 743 Howard st. .' -
FOR sale^ — Choice canary birds, males and fe-
• males. 246 Sixth st.. room 14. .
NEW Home and Domestic sew/tig machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
5000 TO 10,000 feet of 3. 3% and 4 inch pipe.
108 Vallejo St. .
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. :
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c: paper-hanging, palnt-
Ing. Merlgan. 1302 Webster: tel.Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont'gy.
WANTED — Five I square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAPZY, 308 Post st'
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
- and launches. J. K. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFLS — New and second hand.- THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. . BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post at.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United - States or Canada ona year for $1.
postage paid. . ' . ' - -.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ~
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
- skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
¦ within 25 miles of city, box 3276. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full-dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
¦ Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
FINELY carved ivory image 12 or 14 inches
high; must be cheap. Box 3213. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jeesie 285L
¦ _^Mj_^EY__T^_JLOAyr ., ' ¦ ;
$4,500,000 at loweat rates ..
........ on first and second mortgages "***
Life Interests In estates ••-•-•
....... Property being held in trust /*•""
.... Undivided interests- in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate"
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes"
If You Need Money ¦?*«••
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner Vli*
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc ) "^
$300,(100 at 6V4 & 6 per cent in sums to suit-
City. Oakland. Town and Country propers-
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies- will pur-
. chase above securities. Tel. Red 5O24 MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. '¦
- First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in" probate" '.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
:..-... R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery at. room 3 '
ANY. proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages/estates In pin--
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room la.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E.' OLSEN.
OJ 2?LZ er cent on '"roiture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. L
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— .FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE, woman, good cook," will; do
some washing, wants work In American '.fam-
ily; will go ahort distance in country. 746
--- Mission st ..--. y. ¦.'.-. . .¦ -. --¦¦". " '-. ~ ' • ¦'
DRESSMAKER ' and seamstress ; good fitter;
sews 60c a -day or S3 a week. M. F., box
3679, Call office. -' *-______
A SWEDISH girl wishes position as second or
housework. 715 Eleventh St., Oakland. .' :
WANTED — By a competent Canadian Protes-
-. tant woman, cooking and housework In pri-
. vate family. 1238 Mission st. ' ' .'
NEAT ; girl wishes situation for light house-
work;' private ¦family; no postals; call after
• 10 a, m. 1022 Larkin st. : , '
WANTED— Situation as : companion or house-
keeper , to .elderly lady by widow with daug-
¦ ter 10 years eld.. Box 3684. Call office. : . •
RESPECTABLE, first-class German cook, un-
derstands French and ' American " cooking ;
.{ wages $30; references. 4 Lynch St.. between
Pacific st. and Broadway Leavenworth and
Hyde. •-.-.. - . • .' . . "
WOMAN wants work . by the day, .washing-.
Ironing or housecleanlng. I 19 Stevenson ave.,
y off Valencia at. . "¦ . ¦¦ I
REFINED young, lady wishes position as see-
• retary or companion to Invalid; some experl-
.-¦ ence. Winchester Hotel, room 556.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night: SI 50
to $6 week; convenient and, respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
a . subscriptions has been established at 10>J
Valencia St. ¦ .¦ . ' ¦,.-¦¦.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
TWO light-colored younc natives of Jamaica,
speaking good Ensllsh; wall recommended;
. used 'to Dorter and house work; family, ho-
tel or club. W.^D.-'EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
FIRST-CLASS flange turner and general boil-
. ermaker wishes situation out of San Fran-
. Cisco; /good reference and is now working.
Apply Steady Work, 5C0 Kearny st. ...;¦' ¦
A YOUNG man of previous experience who de-
¦ -sires to finish trade would like work aa
helper In retail candy factory. Address L.
S., 205 Third st, room 30.
YOUNG man desires »a position as bookkeeper;
has a knowledee ¦ of stenography. Address
' box 3216, Call. \ ;
SITUATION by a man who wants more in-
jj struction • in .- cooking;- no wages expected.
Address JOHNSON, 112 Fourth st.
WAITER, experienced in first-class Eastern
hotels, references as head and second man,
: want3 position in hotel or club, city or coun-
try. Box 3U74, Call office.
A YOUNG man lately from Sweden wants
situation; is used to horses; -will do any
kind of respectable work. Address box 3675,
_£al£. of fice. . .
FIRST-CLASS carpenter. Joiner and builder,
and understands details on new or repair-
ing Job, wants work, city or country. Box
3681. Call. . '¦ '
EXPERIENCED invalids' nurse wants posi-
tion; reasonable; good reference. 810 Tele-
I K ra P h ave -. Oakland.
i A YOUNG man just from Switzerland wants
i work of any kind, city or country: Is
j handy with horses. A. T., 6J1 California st.
I BAKER'S helper wants position. Box 3677,
Call. . .
MAN will drive and care for one or two
horses, j Box 3678, Call. ¦
YOUNG, man. full of good hard work deslrea
position In wholesale house. Box 3670, Call.
WANTED — Position j by ' an experienced, relia-
ble man as collector or manager; will Invest
j cash f 20,000; no object as to small salary..
¦; Address L. C. 588 Thirty-third st.
A POSITION, bookkeeper; thoroughly compe-
tent' and reliable: age 30; references and
bond.;. city or country. Box 3627, Call office.
PRINTER— Experienced job and news ' man
wants position; city or country. Address
box 32C0. Call office. .
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes work near 420
Stanyan st. L. W.. 810 Stockton St.
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
housework. 1026 Larkin St.; tel. Larkin 1331.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Bt.
¦^FINANCIAL. - ¦
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
! teed " and financed;- stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furr'shed. PACIFIC STATES MINING
' - AND INVESTMENT^ CO.; ,-. U. - S. licensed
stock brokers, 826-Post st.-" ' ' -¦ *' ¦
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds;' companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Cull
or address main office. 507-8-0. Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — ELEGANT, new, sun every, room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing, 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 6 and 8 rooms;
take Geary. McAllister or Sutro cars; 753
¦ to 765 Sixth ave.. near Fulton st A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A— 509 to 529 Frederick st, near Stanyan —
Swell new flats; 5 to 8 rooms; low rent.
A NICE 3-room sunny flat, with water, in the
rear of 1306 Powell st. ; rent $9.
NEW tunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
965 . Golden ¦ Gate ave., opp." Jefferson square.
NICELY furnished sunny 8-room flat for sale.
324. Ellis st.
$22 50 — 1226% SACRAMENTO st; 7 rooms and
bath; line view.
$27 CO — MODERN, sunny fint, 5 rooms, bath;
yard and basement. 1223% Guerrero st.
I FLATS TO LET-— FURNISHED.
NEWLY, furnished 6-room flat, near park pan-
handle, for sale cheap, account of departure;
$500 cash; desirable location; rent reasonable.
. Address box 3602, ..Call office.
$25— 1517 GOLDEN GATE ave.; middle flat, 4
. rooms;! piano,, pantry, garden, etc. $15 —
Lower flat. 2 rms.. pantry; water free; 1 to 4.
,. FURNITURE • FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
1 A.NICE sunny 4-room flat to let; furniture for
sale; large yard. :!S39' / -3 Mission st. - ' " ,
FURNITURE WANTED.
A: WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays hlghe«t
prlcf for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135-t.
I . GLOVES.
D. & F.' BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
' . WANTED— FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
" Hotel Department
Three more waitresses, Coronado Beach, $20,'
1 rates fare both ways; 6 waitresses, south,
commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 3 waitresses,
first-class city hotels, ¦ $25; chambermaid,
south, fare advanced If necessary, $20.
Family Department. '. .'. . . . ; .'. . .
Nurse, two children, choice place, $25; wait-
ress, private family, $20; chambermaid, pri-
_ vate, no waiting, $20; 25 houseglrls, city and
country, $20, $25; housegirl,' small family on-
• ranch, fare paid $20.' ' '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ;.... 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, German style, $35; 4 second
girls, $20-$25; head waitress, country hotel,
$25; chamberwork and sewing, $20; 2 nurse
girls, $15-$20; chamberwork, wait one meal,
$20; girl general housework, 2- family, $25;
Belmont, $25; German nurse, '$20; 8 wait-
resses, city and country hotel; also large
number, of glrlsJ for city and country; I nice
, places; $20. $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROS-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter Bt.
A TRAINING school for domestics requires a
cultured. . energetic woman, quick to act and
¦ Instruct girls 8 to 14 years Of " age" in all
branches of housekeeping; laundry work and
•dinner serving a special feature; none but a
'. ' woman who thoroughly ; understands such
; : work and who is patient 'and accustomed to
, children-need apply; hours 1 to 7 p. m.'.' daily
and 3 evenings weekly; salary $30 per month;
. must live at home; references. 1 Address Gen-
• tleman. box 3668.' Call office. / ; :-¦
GIRL for general housework;^ 2 In family; no
washir.g; wages $15 to $20. ¦; Call 2722, Sacra-
-; -mento. st, '.9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
A PLAIN cook. ¦ Apply between : 10 and 12 at.
¦' 2932 Jackson st. ,. ' :, ._ -I
WANTED— A' good finisher on pants; good'
wages. 864% Howard st., room 4.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands on
skirts. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny st. :
GIRL -for general : housework .at 117,- Bartlett
i ¦ ¦ street. :¦¦,.¦:. .,-¦",.
FIRST-CLASS -operators and , finishers; also
_ apprentices.- -230% Xinth st. , ' •¦'¦ '<
GIRL or, woman for light housework In small
..family. 1017 Castro St.. near 23d.
COMPETENT girl for housework In small fam-
lly. 823 Flllmore. et. . , . . .;
POSITION of . trust' with -one: of the leading
firms of the- city for an ' honest refined
woman. Box 3614, Call office. '. ; * . ,: .
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
« a!r ar ii lnK ' BELA SCO & HARRIS CO., 5 541
,_. .Market .st.,.' >;¦',¦;--, . ¦, ..:.-.:- y-
BUSINESS CHANCES-^Contln-ned.
JOSEPH BTRAUB, . " , :
850 - Market st., cor. Stockton, .
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Acent
¦ Property bought and sold.
Rent* collected.-' . •
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
• Agent
Do you want to sell your business' or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address. jj -¦'.¦'.
HEALY & CARR, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy Bt.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over -80 per
cent; explanation free. N. 8. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcapper8, 113 Stockton st.
WELL-ESTAB. profitable wholesale business
for sale; best selling' Cal. spec. Box S2S7. Call.
PARTNER for restaurant doing good business.
For particulars, 1547 Mission Bt. •
$560— SACRIFICE; old-established downtown
lunch house. Owner, box 3683,. Call.
$1000 WILL buy best-paying small drug store,
lnq. JOHN CALV'ERT, Col. Phys. & Surg.
RESTAURANT — Great sacrifice: good trade;
groins to Europe on account of sickness. Box
% 3634, Call office. :
FOR sale— A nicely fitted up. bakery, suitable
for man who does his own baking; very rea-
sonable. Box 2403, Call orflce, Oakland.
$225— SALOON partner;' what a snap; fine flx-
tureg ; business. Board of Trade. 326 Pine.
NICE cigar stand on water front for sale;
$275; worth $500; come and investigate. 201
East Bt; no agents.
$600— FOR eale; the Palace Restaurant Val-
lejo. Cal.: great chance. P.O."box 275. Vallejo.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE
Call on US
Any House Sold on Payments
20 rooms; clears $125; payments $1000
25 rooms; clears $140; only 1350
16 rooms; Eddy St.; reduced to 000
5 rooms; flat; bargain 200
100 rooms; corner clears $500 C500
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300
68 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms: clears $76; only 250
- 10 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
10 rooms; swell; bargain a 800
13 rooms: very rood: rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. ; phone John 531.
906 Market st, cor. Elll*. room 12. .
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market et... 1020 Market st.
(Protograph Gallery Entrance.)
20 rooms; rent $60; this house is a money-
maker; price $1050. part cash. WINSTON &
WOLF, 1026 Market St.
31 ROOMS; rent $100; offices; a No. 1 location;
part cash; price $2100. WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st.
44 ROOMS; rent $100; new furniture 'and car-
pets; 2 floors; part cash; price $1600. WINS-
TON & WOLF," 1026 Market st.
29 ROOMS; rent $75; offices; Market Bt; part
cash; price $1400. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026
Market t st
120 ROOMS on Sansome st $2000
100 rooms on Howard st 1500
34 rooms ; Howard et 400
44 rooms; Stockton st 2100
82 rooms; Grant ave '. 3000
25 rooms on Fourth st $1000; good paying
10 rooms on Sixth st $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient
38 rooms on Powell st $3200; good location
22 rooms on Powell st....$1500; good location
10 rooms on Geary st $1100; fine house
9 rooms on Sixth St.... $350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason st.$750; any time; all full
50 more houses on list.
'_ - McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
A — • Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3. !
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Money to loan or lodg- ;
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
Office. All for sale on easy terms. Please cail. ;
SAMPLES NORTH OF MARKET. !
14 r. ; corner; rent $40; elegant $950 !
50 r. ; corner; rent S100; clears $156 2800
40 r. ; 1 -floor: 20 windows on 3 streets; < \
rent only $75; 5-year lease; respectable. 2800 :
20 r.; 2 floors; rent $50; fine bay- wind.. 1050 I
12 r.: 2 floors; rent $36; clears $35 mo.. 300 '
A— McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO..
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st. ; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select '
roomers only; modern building; must sell.
18 rooms; transient; clears $100 month; cen-
trally located; two rooms pays rent; good fur-
niture.
12 rooms; rent $47 60; clears $50 month;
good location; must sell.
22 rooms; rent $52 60; easy payments; $800.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market st
French Spoken.
Get Our Bargain List Before Buying.
24 rooms; Geary; owner sick: bargain. .$1750 :
30-room hotel and bar; rent $125; snap. 2000
38 rooms; Market st 2000 :
14 rooms; owner retiring 350:
17 rooms; Sixth St.; only 750;
21 rooms ; rent $45 850 ,
19 rooms: transient; make offer
20 rooms; Turk st. ; transient; Just listed 1000 j
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY i
S50 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis* 281.'
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. .' J
New houses to lease. •
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~ '
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328. ¦
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; v.-e can suit '
you; have bargains in hotels. lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
A — FOR sale, lodelng-house of 32 rooms, on '
Third st: this a bargain. ROHLFS CO.. :
41 Third st.
WANTED — Lodging-houses. ROHLFS CO., 41
Third st
NICE private boarding-house: central; all full;
run 6 years by present owner; good reason
for selling: $900. half cash; will take small
flat In trade. M. E. RIVES. D16 Market st. '
A — NOTICI3 — We have roomlne-houses, all
Eizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. S p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium; !
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings Si; !
letter. $2. .1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis tar' i
— : ,
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st: readings daily i
50c and $1; circle every night. 10c • i
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of epirit return '''
to-night. COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle'to-nlght: sealed let-
ters ana.. 10c; developing clr. Wed. 132 6th. -
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MRS. VALEEN, medium and palmist will
guide you right. 50c. 15S3 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dal'.y;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs • C. J
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all tc-nlsht; 10c|
CLAIRyjOYANTS.
A 50c— 50c — 50c .; __a
PROF. BROCKWAY, Prof. Brockway,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough. ¦
Offers for a short time only readings at ths
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily: Sundays, 10 a. m
to 12 p. m.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth.
Interest manifested In each individual case,
round advice and counsel are not equaled in
this city at any figure. Ptof. Brockway tells
you what you want tc know, eliminating all
uninteresting features and not tiring you
with matter* entirely irrelevant to the case
in bind, u has been the' caEe in readings-
you lave had in the past Prof. Brockway
reads your past, present' and future.
50c— 50c — DOc.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
S?»fI? y ' a r t i5 n i 1 b , u 5 IneBI! medium . permanently
located at 1< Third st.. next Examiner bldg. i
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate !
description of the past, reveals ths present hap- !
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles.conBult this great me'-
dlum and you will be told' how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life- 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
p.edlum. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms and
2«: take elevator.. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
* secret: shows picture future husband or wife-
. fee 25c and up; satisfaction to - everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215V& 6th.
A— MISS M. WILLE.326A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. |
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from. Louisiana-
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th!
HELP IWANTEp~FE3IALE-— Con.
WANTED^-An experienced girl to do upstair*
work and waiting on table; wages $20. Call
in morning 1601 Post st. .:- .. '
FINISHERS -wanted on pantaloons. - 734 Mont-
gomery st, room 1. •¦•
GIRL for i general housework;' 3 adults; $20.
747Shrader st. bet. Waller and Frederick.
A YOUNG girl for general, housekeeping. 1611
Scott st. . ,, , .
WANTED — A first-class waitress at 304 Ma-
son st. ; wages $8 a week.- f, ¦ % •
GOOD waitress wanted. 521 Kearny st.
A GOOD penman and one quick at figures for
clerical work. W1ESTER & CO.. 22 Second.
WANTED — A' young girl to assist with house.
work; sleep home.-- Apply 837 Ellis st
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Z In 2
weeks; course.. $5. ' including ~ manicuring,
massage, weaving, ventilating, , switch and
"wig, making; positions guaranteed; no false
promises; our pupils are our living advertise-
ment, filling positions and in business for
themselves all over the city: day and eve
classes. S. F. HAIRDRKSSING COLLEGE.
233 Geary st, rooms 13-15.
OPERATQJiS at Levii Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 82^4 Fremont St.: no experience
necessary : Kood .pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. :
GIRL wanted for general housework and Ger-
man. cooking. 1440 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 In fam-
! ily. 3»7 Laurel st.
WANTED — Operators On woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only;* steady work;
electric power; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st. .
WANTED — Experienced operator on woman's
¦•wrappers: steady work; pood pay; electric
power. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St.
COLLEGE of Hairdresslng; entire course, 2
weeks, $5; day and eve. class. Call at room
-> * 1.7 1C07V. Market st. near Sixth. ¦ : •
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on cus-
: torn panta. SELIG BROS., 108 Battery- st.
GOOD j opportunity for gins to ¦ learn glove
making; steady positions guaranteed. Call
151 Noe st, bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth."
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on tailoring.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
CAL. College of Halrdresslng and Massage,' Ida
M. Blakesley mngr.: graduate Prof. Paul Las-
. cotte of N. Y. ' Girls change your occupation;
learn the best profession for women; only 3
weeks, $5; bring add: worth $L 305 Larkin.
GOOD maker and apprentice wanted In milll-
¦ nery store at <g)2 McAllister st. - .
GIRL for general iiouse work; plain cooking;
German family of two. 144-1 O'Farrell sf
A GERMAN woman as governess* state re-
_Jigion; salary $30.. Box -2394, Call.
lst-class sewers to take work home on ladies',
. children's waists, etc. H.Frledlander,338 Fell.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .. V.. 104 Geary St.
. New Railroad Work '. Free Fare
.... For Nevada
' 500 teamsters . . . .' .« J 52 day
5C0 laborers . ..$2 day
Free Fare. ..... .Ship Daily Free Fare
.' Hotel Department
Short order cook for cafe; south, $80; French
or Italian head cook, hotel south, $75; head
waiter, $60; fry cook, city, $50; waiter,
hotel, Nevada, $40 to $45; 20 dish-
washers; kitchen hands and others," $20 to
$30; second cook, restaurant, city $70.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
BUGGY washer, $60; piano player for country
fare advanced; 2 farmers and wives, $35 and
$40; young man with some experience at
stone cutting; 2 Italian pruners, $1 day and
found; gardener, $35 to $40 and found; man
about place, $30 and found; tie makers 10c
to 14c. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st . '
HOTEL cook, country. $45; third hand baker.
$9. a week and board; restaurant baker. $10
week; waiters, dishwashers, and others.
J. F. CROSETT, 628 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO 610 Clay St
Foreman for railroad construction, new
work. $75 and board;' 2 teamsters for city,
used to handling furniture, $12 50 to $15 a
week ; man to mold sash ¦ weights, piece
work ; 2 woodchoppers, tools and grub ad-
vanced. $1 25 a cord; 2 French, German or
Italian pruners for vineyard, $26. . •
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st— Waiter,
city, $45; waiter, $30; dishwasher. $25*;
washer, $30, and lroner, $40, for steam
laundry, -country; clerk, country hotel, $30;
. butler, $40; cook on a ranch, $25;. fry cook.
$50; etc.
THE Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company
is ready to' contract with desirable men to
Introduce their New Intermediate Policy
throughout the Pacific Coast 1 Liberal con-
tract and good territory. Apply Intermediate
Department, Pacific Mutual . Life Insurance
Co., Pacific Mutual bldg., cor. Sac to. & Mont
PARTNER in manufacturing business; whole-
sale and retail; stock for invoice price; large
profits ; Incoming partner tend : place. Par-
ticulars 257 Fourth. St., near Folsom. ;
$150-^-PARTNER wanted old established busl-
ness ;¦ pays - about $70 per month. 1016 Mar-
ket St.. room 10. 1
WANTED — Office boy for wholesale house;
must write fair hand ; references required.
Box 3672, Call. .
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting of Master
* Barbers' Association to-night at 102 O'Far-
rell st. at 8:30. S. HELLER, Socy. M. B. A.
WANTED — Strong young man for porter
work; give age, reference and wages-, ex-
pected. Box S676, Call.
BOY wanted at G. M. KUTZ & CO., 103 Mls-
. sion st. -'.-..¦
•A GOOD tailor for bushellng. 827 Sutter st,
.near Leavenworth. . ¦ .
BOY wanted. Union Square Market, on Pow-
ell st., bet. Geary and O'Farrell; stalls 1 to 3.
A DISHWASHER wanted ; boy preferred ; $3
a week, 1224 Point Lobos ave.
CARRIAGE painter, for filling, rubbing. coat-
Ing. Purcells, Greenwood Co., 216 California.
WANTED — Assistant bookkeeper, quick to
- catch on; $50 month. W. A. B., box 8640. Call
BARBER' wanted for Wednesday evenings.
Saturdays and Sundays; steady. 336 Sixth.
WANTED — A good barber for Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday. 1805 Howard st.
GOOD, steady cook wanted. Call early Peo-
ple's Restaurant. 631 Clay st. ,
WANTED — Piano player and singer combined, i
Apply 653 Seventh St., Oakland. '
WANTED— A cook. 1506 Kentucky st.
BIGGEST bonanza on the market; Investigate;
¦ $2 to $10 a day. In It. 093 Market St.- rm. 1.
BUSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st
WANTED— Recruits for the marine - corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
- character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. -
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount- this' month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $lto $2 per week.
MEN to learn ; barber trade ; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S : BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. - . .. ,
WANTED— Reliable young man with $00;
- take cash and assist in • restaurant: $40
month; no experience.- BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED— Honest man with $250; tend cash
' restaurant; $50 month and board; no experl-
» ence; snap; come quick. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.'
1 WANTED — Reliable young man with $175 cash-
plain work: no experience: steady place; $15
week. BROWN. 1221 ; Market st. .
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
£g?&'. between 8 and 11 a. m/i at HALE
BROS. .. ¦ .• .
WANTED— Entry clerk. Address, stating age
and experience, box 3635, Call , office.
ATTENTION— Ex-vol.: soldiers,' for extra Day
apply at 630 Market st, O. E. HOWE?
E^Krlt n^ ed 8asn and door maker. INGLER &
YOUNG. Fourth and Washington. Oakland:
EXTRA- pay -now due, U.S. Volunteers Cail
, or .write Sherwood, pension atty..- 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st~ n *. Bth!
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
,-v shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st. "
•-S2i "?• i ear v n ' b « be r trade; catalogue
, mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls.3. 40 Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q a.R
SAILORS, ordinary, -for ships* for all parts of
the world. . HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
, to 50c. B63 Mission ;st:,. bet. 1st and 2d sts! i
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
;.'. price. .563 Mission st.. , bet. ; 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House.: 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 i rooms. 25c night ; reading rooms ;
• free- bus andbaggage to and 'from -ferry a
MONEY. TO LOAN— Contlamm. %
HIGHLY reiroectable private place • to obuta
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rate». Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84d
Market at.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st: phone Red 1C03.
ANY amount, lowest rat?, on piano, furniture or
household goods. without removal ;ccnfldentlal.
ORMSBY.28 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broksr-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvats
party: no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest ratea. BECKER. 027 Market, room CM
?10 UP on . furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann'a bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
¦ HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Eic. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commla. ;confldentlal. Whitehead.1710 Market.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
• indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no r»-
moval. Thone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
O*. salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister »t.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. EL. RtTDELL. 222 Sansome «t.
ON salaries without tadorser: other proposU
¦ tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan btf.
LOANS monev on salary: no lndorser: Easter*
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WAXTKP. "
WANTED — 51000 on suburban town realty; 10
per cent. Box 3290. Call office.
INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes; ient.$2 up, credited lf~purchased^
Installments $3 up; qld pianoa bought and
exchanged; bargains $25 up in Stelnway
Heine. Chlckerlng, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine, Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes; we give full cash discount if you can
pny $25 down and $10 a month; som» new
pianos for $137. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos told upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, corner
- Kearny and Sutter -jts.. San Francisco: cor«
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
60HMER & CO. Pianos. ~~
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos. n
6PEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO FLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-313 Pot st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— \
Second-hand upright pianos from iSS up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $29 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CTJRTAZ *
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Mason
&¦ Haznlln. Vose, Steriins pianos.
A FINE assortment of good second-hand up-
rights are on hand for you to select from.
The prices are low. the quality excellent. Wo
have many new Deckers, Wlssnera. Baumeis-
ters and others. Payments accepted If you
desire to buy that way. THE ZENO MAU-
YAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim«
within 2 years and full purchase price al- -
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 3O CFarrell
st; established 1850.
A FINE large upright. $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
in use only a few months. $275; new pianos
to rent. $3 50: squares. ?1 50 and $2: Beck-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOVVERS A
SON. 23 5th st.. agts for Ivers & Pond pianoa.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos: now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go; easy payments; other storage uprights *4U
t up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ALL makes of pianos will b« sold at our great
removal sals till. March 1st: lowest price j
and terms ever made In San Francisco.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
WE have a larga shipping order for old squar*
and upright pianos; will buy or exchange.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best In tha city. PIERCE" a
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14tn and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
ELEGANT upright high grade piano for sale
very reasonable. 847 Halght at.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk st. neax Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up:
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1729 Missn
STILL renting new pianos, $3' per montn.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
$175— A RARE chance: fine upright 8CHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathan place.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, tn good order: all
tizta: cheap. H. S. WHTTK 51B Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent in Napa — The i large store-
fronting on both Main and Brown streets:
the best located store In Napa: now occupied
by Thompson. Beard & Sons; will be for
rent on • 15th March. - Address W. W.
THOMPSON. Napa, Cal. , ' J
EMMA Spreckels building. 927 Market st — Of- 1
flees with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON &. GARDINER.
LOFT, light and airy. 25x100, with water and
gas; suitable for light, manufacturing; rent
#13. WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth st.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny st: $10:
. also large store. Keys 636 Clay st. room 1.
AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening A tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; taL Red 3321.
Papering room. $3 up; painting, whitening rea
sonble. Painter. 502 Stanyan; tel. Park 15.
PALMISTRY.
CHIROLOGICAL College, Branch, 2 — Character
reading and palmistry taught MRS. WM.
McMANUS. 731 Guerrero; phone Church 30S5.
G. L. Neergaard. president St Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. ¦ JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY FREE CONSULTATION— AH
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
.' FORDEN. No. 6 Turk rt. corner Mason.
A— DK. V OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
turgeon. at 1122 Market st: hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence. V
1021% Market st. bet Sixth and Seventh-
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
,' St.. between Seventh and Eighth,
ELECTRIC light in every room— "Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
lit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office. 1021 Market nr.eth.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent: painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley. 1702 Market
A — WHAT do you think O. HERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A school to learn halrdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market.
bet Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLfi.
FIRST-CLASS champoo for 50c: hair dried
with warm air in 10 minutes; hair dressing
25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
. diseases for $10 apiece at 233 Sixth st. room
11; call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. v near Broadway.
A— IF your hnir Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular. ,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by V
electric needle.Dr.&Mr3.Traverae,ll~0 Market. ; .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with,
electric needle." MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter »U
SA5 FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San FraacUco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. •
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. zn.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i>. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia, street: open until 9 p. tn.
Northweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; open until 9 p. zn. ?
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 P- m.
_^ MEETING NOTICES. _£
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery, .. -^_
No. 16, K. T.. Golden Gate bulldlntr, {8§*|
625 Sutter St — Officers and mem- y]
bcrs are hereby notified to assemble w
in full uniform at the Asylum TO-
DAY, at 2:30 o'clock, f»r the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our later frater. SIR
GEORGE MORTIMER FRANKS.
H D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter. No. 5, R. A. m
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) JL.
EVENING. February 11, at 7:30 %JX
o'clock. M. M. degree. By order of *
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secy.
GOLDEN Gate Lodsro No. 30. F. & A. »
M. — Called rawting- THIS (TUES-_J*k_
PAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Iflr
D. L By order of W. M. /V>
EDWIX L. MEYER, Secretary.
TACIFIC Lodge. No. 136, F. & A. «
M.. 121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVEN- Jk
ING at 7:30 o'clock. 1st deg. Jlx
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Bee AW>
ORIENTAL Lodge. No. 144. F. & A. p
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. *LX
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V>
KING Solomon's Lodge. No. 260, F. & n
A. M. — The officers and members arc_#*k
requested to attend the funeral oi >£JflP
our deceased brother GEORGE MOR- *^*r '
TIMER FRAXKS, this day, at 1 o'clock
p. m., from the Masonic Temple.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
WOODMEN of the World,
Golden Gate Camp No. -*!*> r Jrfk
64 — Members are hereby f^^S^Aj3\Mjt\
notified to attend the feS^SSfiSi^'
funeral of our late
Neighbor. CHRISTIAN ATTINGER. from his
late residence. San Francisco Turn Vereln
Hall. Turk Bt., near Hyde. TUESDAY Feb-
ruary 11. at 1 :30 o'clock p. m. * Services un-
der the auspices of the camp. -
THOS. J. BARRY. Consul Commander
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
ASSOCIATED VETERANS of theTTTT
Mexican War.— Regular monthly fa!3*3.
meeting next THURSDAY. February 4?£3L
13, at 6 p.m. A full attendance Is requested
W. C. BURNETT. President.
WM. L. DITNCAN. Secretary. '
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY— The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
at the office of the company, 327 Market St..
*n the city . and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. 1902. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year end for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday. Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
pation Company will be held at the office of
the company. S27 Market st.. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California.
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of cuch other business as may come before
th> meeting. GEO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS on salary and commission. Manhat-
tan Stock & Poultry Food Co.. 1253 Folsom.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. /.
E. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, robm
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; lesal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
>DVICE free; divorces a specialty;quick;qulet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yn.
Open evenings byappointment;phoneJohn318L
_.G. TV. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
tt. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.,927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1140 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $650; CORNER saloon~on~choIcest~prrT^f
Montgomery St.; place paying; first-class;
frR^^wiLKW^^keaSy £"**""»
$850 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store-
2 rooms: rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
worth sts.; a good paying business; rare
chance for man and wife. Apply R G
WILKE, 26U Kearny Et.
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes st.; rent $20; living rooms; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $450: RESTAURANT on Fourth st.. close
to Market; rent $30; good paying business;
value In Eight. Call R.' G. WILKE. 26 H
. Kearny st. .
A— $3000; DRY goods and notions store; best
location; stock will invoice the price; sickness
compels owner to leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
A — $750; SALOON established years; close to
Kearny and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A — $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.; rent $25; daily receipts about
$25; owner to leave for Nevada. Cal R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
•A — $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26"*4 Kearny.
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures, leaee. good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE, 26*a Kearny eL
A— $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant- es-
tablisbed" years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building-; barealn; call
poon. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
WANTED — German in good standing; small
capital. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third, st.
FOR sale — $250; branch bakery; 3 living rms •
district Mission; good place for . man and
wife. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
**OR sale — Candy store; Sixth, near Market •
mutt sell; call on us. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.'
FOR tale — Candy store and manufactory; Mar-
ket; reason for selling. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
*FOR sale — Popular saloon ; on O'Farrell sf
call on us. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St. '
"FOR sale — Saloon. 5 doors from Market st;
estab. years; call on us. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
FOR sale — Saloon In Mission; sold on account
of removal; this Is a bargain; price $400
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
FOR sale — Saloon on Market st; transfer cor-
per; well stocked. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
WANTED — Partner In well-estab. candy store
to introduce new drinks. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
WANTED — A man with « valuable Inventions,
entirely new, wants man with capital to
manufacture. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
FOR sale — Fe'.oon on East St.; first class; long
lease. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
fOR sale — Old-establiehed saloon, half or
whole; first-class location; must be sold at
ence. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st;
phone Red 343:?. '
A— 5250; PARTNER wanted: suited to steady
young man satisfled with $18 to $25 a week;
no exiierier.ee required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary et., room 4.
iS-JIP^E & "LL1S, 777% Market; tel. Black
44J<— Buy. sen and exchange lodging-houses
. and business places in all parts of city.
J *?£ TA^ RA:CT ~ MuEt Bel1 thl8 "eek; receipts
»20 a day; connected with 50-room house; In-
vestlgate. M. Turman & Co., 439 Parrott bldg.
¦*— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 4<J2 Parrctt bldg.
FOR SALE— Haif interest in established busl-
r.ess college; any terms to practical school
teacher with common sense; only such need
apply. Address box 36S2. Call office.
B^!50 BX: YS a delicacy store, with lunch and
living rooms connected; no opposition. Par-
ticulars box S673, Call office.
T of cf^'S^^r^ ta
A ¦ BARGAIN— Grocery, branch bakery and
bar; two living rooms; established 16 years;
doing good business; cheap rent; must sell
on account of Eickness.. Call 9C5 Mission st
%ALOON. . corner, lot, property, stock and nxt-
tires for sale or rent- opposite, rallruad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL
. pafo Robler. Cal. . 'James . Anderson was .acquitted 1 by a
jury in; Judge Cook's ' court yesterday on
a charge of burglary. 'He was accused of
breaking : ' into - the store of. Mooney •&
O'Connell,' 329 - Sixth - street, on the night
of October 13, hut there was ' no evidence
practically against him. -; ';¦"-:'
Acquitted on • Charge of Burglary.
: The forty-two lodgers whewere arrest
ed early Sunday morning at 626 Washing
ton street, the headquarters of the Union
Mission Army," for, violating the cubic air
ordinance,' - were " discharged by . Judge
Fritz, yesterday.- .The : case of "A.. W.'
Moore, proprietor, waa continued by Judge*
Mo'gan until Friday., The seventeen Chi
nese arrested at 612A Jackson street were
discharged by , Judge Cabaniss, but the
Judge suggested that: H.' W. Stow, s the
agent for the building, would be a proper
subject for arrest,.- as ho was primarily
responsibleJ ;Two proprietors were arrest
ed on warrants yesterday, one being
Abranv Sickler of 184 Jessie Street and the
other, Henry de Lamier.
Cubic Air* Violators Bismissed.
Butler said he ' had reached Fremont
street when the three men - ¦ surrounded
him. The tallest of the trio threw an arm
around Butler's neck and forced his head
back. Another grabbed hold of his right
arm and twisted it behind his back, while
the, third went through his pockets, tak
lngr his ' gold watch and ;$2 50 cash. . All
were smooth • shaven and had .the- collars
of their coats turned up.. One was about
.six feet tall,- another about five feet ten
inches and the third, who searched hia
pockets, about five feet four inches.
Richard Butler, storekeeper on the
steamer. City of Puebla, | reported to the
police yesterday- morning that he was
held up and robbed by three men Shortly
after 10 o'clock Sunday night while walk
ing along Market street on his way to the
vessel: . • '• V' ¦
Exciting Experience of RjLchard But-
ler, Storekeeper on the City
of Puebla. .
G ABBOTED \ AND BOBBED
BY ; THREE ; HIGBTWAYMEN
Suicide's Body Recovered.
NAPA, Feb. 10.— The body of, George
Heaij Jr., the suicide, was recovered this
morning from the river near the wharf of
the steamer Zlnfandel. . -.\-.- v >,.
HOTEL ARRIVALS*
NEW WESTERN HOTELS
F Bush, Denver W Chambers & w, Cal
H Madison. Sacto B Vernazza, Oakland
J McClalr & w. Sacto P S Collins, Ft Dodge
C Hammon, Seattle C, J White. Presidio
E Larson. Vancouver S Doyle, Danville
C L. Rath, Angel I» S Rawn. W Berkeley
C E Sullivan. S Cruz \ Thomas, W Berkeley
M Burroughs, S Cruz T Quinn. CbJeaso
A Turner. Cal J Byrne. Chicago
j,SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— The proposition to
construct a scenic railway In the foot
hills between Los Gatos and Saratoga
will be considered by the Santa Clara
County Improvement Club. The proposed
road would be 700 feet above the valley
and give an unobstructed view of the
orchards. . From it all the towns of the
valley could be seen and the broad ex
panse of orchards would give the tourist
some idea of Santa Clara Valley's re
sources.
Scenic Road May Be Built.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— Milk Inspector
Harry Conner was the victim of two high
waymen on the Alameda, near Sunol
street, early this morning. Conner was
looking for milkmen and sampling their
cans to see if the contents contained the
required percentage of butter fat. He
was walking in the center of the street.
As he passed two men one. wheeled about
and covered him with a revolver. Con
ner's hands shot skyward at the com
mand "Hands up," and the other footpad
then searched his pockets. The robbers
took a gold watch and chain and $1 50.
Conner was then ordered to move on.
Footpads Bob Milk Inspector.
.Matthews explained that his discharge
papers were i destroyed in a fire In Los
Angeles. He showed a surprising famil
iarity with events of the war and with
the movements of the regiment to. ¦which
he claimed to belong, entering Into mln
utc details and. giving dates correctly, but
he had the names of the officers wrong.
The Government officials believe that he
was a camp follower oj a servant. Mat
thews was Indicted jointly with Lorenzo
D.' Wilgus, a lawyer residing in Sacra
mento. The jury was. out only an hour
and gave the aged darky the benefit of
the doubt.. .
William Matthews, alias James Brown,
a colored man, was acquitted by a jury
yesterday in the United States District
Court of the charge of swearing to a
false claim for a pension. Matthews rep
resented.that he was a private of Com
pany B, First Regiment of Volunteers,
during the Civil War. The principal wit
nesses against him were W. N. Cobb, : in
spector in the Pension Bureau at Wash
ington, and John 'G. Hesse, clerk in the
War Department In -Washington, D. C
These officials were sent to this city spe
cially for the purpose of testifying
against the defendant. They showed that
there was no record of Matthews' enlist
ment under his true name or his alias.
Falsely to Pension Claim Is
Given Liberty.
Colored Man Accused, of Swearing 1
WILLIAM MATTHEWS FOUND
. ilOT GUILTY BY A JURY
SAN JOSE, Feb. 10.— Two suits were
filed In the County Clerk's office to-day
In which the. riparian rights of Quito
Creek, in the West Side district, near
Saratoga, are the bone of contention. The
actions are brought by the Lahodie Irri
gation Company and Frederick W. Tan
tau against the Sorosis Fruit Company.
Quito Creek rises in the Santa Cruz
Mountains and flows down past the prop
erties of the principals in the suit. The
Sorosis Company has a large orchard
bordering the creek. A dam has been
placed, in the creek" and the Sorosis peo
ple, it is alleged, have prepared to take
the whole of the water supply. . Plaintiffs
ask for a permanent injunction. A tem
porary injunction has been Issued pend
ing the hearing of the case.
Quito Creek in Litigation.
Officers elected to-day by the Empire
Construction Company, which is bulldinjj
Senator Clark's railway. Include J. Ross
Clark, president; T. E. Gibbon, vice pres
ident; Ross W. Smith, secretary; F. Mil
ler, treasurer, and Ferd K. Rule, aud
itor.
Third Vice President Thomas E. Gibbon
has been advised that the contracts fof
a joint survey through the Meadow Val
ley wash, in Nevada, have been signed
by the Oregon Short Line and the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road Company. The two roads will work
side by side. The arrangement entered
into will enable both lines to save at
least two years in completing construc
tion toward Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 10.— Ferd K. Rule,
J. Ross Clark, T. E. Gibbon, T. F. Miller
and Robert W. Smith, constituting a quo
rum, and the resident directors of the
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad, met to-day in annual session
to elect obicers for tne year. No changes
were made, the' former officials being re
elected. The list includes: W. A. Clark,
president; R. C. Kerens of St. Louis,
first vice president; J. Ross Clark, second
vice pre-ident; T. E. Gibbon, third vice
president; T. F. Miller, secretary; F. K,
Rule, auditor, anu H. S. McKee, treas
urer. . '
gress Made in the Work of
Construction.
Directors Receive a -Report of Pro-
SALT LAKE RAILROAD'S
OFFICERS HE-ELECTED
President Roosevelt' does not propose to
rob Cuba of any territory, and he will
probably decide that the small Islands,
with the exception of the Isle of- Pines,
which He within the marine league limit
shall remain Cuban soil.
Under article two- Spain cedes to the
United States the "Island of Porto Rico
and other islands now under Spanish sov
ereignty in the West IndUs."
Officials of the War and Navy Depart
ments say the United States by the ex
press provisions of the treaty acquired
American sovereignty over all the islands
fringing the Cuban coast. There are many
of r these, some on the ndrth coast being
strategically valuable.
. The War Department has received three
petitions from residents of the Isle of
Pines applying for annexation to- the
United States. Cubans who assert the
ownership of several small islands have
offered "to sell them to this Government,
and one man threatened that in case the
United States refused to accept his propo
sition he would offer his land to a for
eign power. ' '¦ ,
After the inauguration of Senor Palma
as President the withdrawal of the Amer
ican troops will commence. Detachments
will be retained, however, at Havana,
CienfUegos, Nipe and Guantanamo, where
it is proposed to- establish naval reserva
tions. These reservations will be imme
diately sold or leased by the Cuban Gov
ernment in accordance with this provi
sion of the Cuban constitution:
"To enable the United States to maintain
the independence of Cuba and to protect
the people thereof, as well as for its owa
defense, the Government of Cuba will sell
or lease to the United States lands neces
sary for coaling or naval stations at cer
tain specified points to be agreed upon
with the President of the .United States."
The troops-retained in Cuba will ulti
mately be superseded by marines, but it
is believed it will be a part of wisdom to
maintain a force in the island during the
formative stage of the new government. •
Havana has been selected as a site for
a naval station because of its strategic
position. Naval ships made an exhaustive
survey of the northwestern coast of Cuba
in the hope- of finding a harbor which
could be occupied in place of Havana. No
well sheltered port was found.. The
Cubans will probably object to the pres
ence of a United State3 coaling station
within the boundaries of their capital, but
the reservation will be on the eastern
shore of the bay and will be away from
the city proper.
In addition to establishing naval sta
tions in Cuba the question of ownership
of- the Isle of Pine*** and of other islands
situated in Cuban waters must be prompt
ly decided: Under article one of the
treaty of Paris, Spain relinquished "all
claim of sovereignty over and title to
Cuba." . . . ' •
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.» WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— Serious
consideration has been given by the Presi
dent and Secretary Root to the method of
procedure to be followed in the acquisition
of sites for naval stations in Cuba. The
plan which will probably be followed is
this:
Special Dl«oatch to The Call.
Withdrawal of American
Troops After . Palma
Is President. .
SELECTING NAVAL
STATIONS IN CUBA
Occupied as Great Britain Is In South
Africa, she is naturally deeply gratified
by the action of this Government. Japan
is also pleased, as without American in
tervention she could not hope to prevent
the conclusion of the arrangement which
she considers so objectionable.
The United States has been advised,
however, that the Russo-Chinese Bank,
which is a Russian institution, has nego
tiated an arrangement with China under
which it has obtained exclusive mining
and industrial concessions in Manchuria.
American trade in Northern China is ex
tensive, and the administration fears that
it will be seriously injured if the arrange
ment with the Russo-Chinese Bank is
signed.
The arrangement to which the United
States has objected Is not the treaty for
the evacuation of Manchuria. This treaty
has been robbed of the features whose
operation, in the opinion of this Govern
ment, would injuriously affect American
Interests. Its terms are considered some
what harsh, but, as an administration
official remarked, the Chinese must ex
pect to make concessions to Russia, and
the world at large must appreciate that
Russia has a preferential position in
Manchuria and has extensive railroad in
terests in that province to guard. No
protest . will be made against the signa
ture of this treaty.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W:, WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.— In protqst
ing against the conclusion of secret ar
rangements between the Russo-Chlnese
Bank and China" Secretary Hay has given
fresh proof of the intention of the United
States to lead in the world's affairs. It
developed to-day that Instead of. follow
ing the lead of Great Britain and Japan
in this matter the Secretary took action
in advance of either of these powers. It
was only after they had learned of the
character of the 'instructions sent to Em
bassador Tower at St. Petersburg and
Minister Conger at Peking that the To
kio and London governments acted. .
Russia's Plan for Exclusive
Concessions in Manchuria
to Be Blocked.
Sets the Pace for Great
Britain and Japan
in China.
AMERICA LEADS
IN PROTESTING
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 5 TUESDAY, FEBRUARY \ f, 19)2.
13
BAILW AY TRAVEL.
GOUGH, 708 — 3 nice sunny attic rooms, single
or, housekeeping; nicely furnished.
HOWARD, Ktt— Large eunny room for house-
keeping.
HYDE, 408-^-Sunny basement suite, ' yard,
laundry. S14: also large room. $10. -^ -
L.ARK1N, 71&— 2 6unny furnished housekeep-
lng rooms. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front suite, housekeep-
lng If desired. $11; single sunny room. $4.
LASKIE. 27. between Eighth and Xlnth. oft
Mission — 3 sunny connecting furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping. y
M'ALLISTER. 530— Nicely furnished suite;
gas range; bath; 'phone; laundry: *8.
OAK. 125 — Xicely furnished basement rooms
for housekeeping. $10.,
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary — Bay-window, sun
all day; gas stove, large closet. •
SIXTH. 228 M— Two pleasant sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; stove and sink; $3.
TURK. 543 — 2 sunny furn. for light houskpg.
g!6; also sunny single. $7; gas, bath, phone.
TWELFTH, 12 — One or two bedrooms, with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
UNION, 1019 — 2 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping ; also single rm. ; private family.
Virginia. 1005 Powell— 2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths;$20?
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A ERANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c »day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to 51 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13W)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. 329 Powell, cor. Geary— Location
most central; large well-furnished suites and
single front rooms as offices; modern im-
provements; electric light, etc
EDDY, 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
room; refined couple or two gentlemen; every
convenience.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
85c. $1 50 night; $1 50. $0 wk; open all night,
ELLIS. 41S. The Plerpont — Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
ELLIS, 6S6, cor. Geary— Sunny bay window;
mantel; folding bed; light housekeeping.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
. transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarr*)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
borne at moderate charges; euit,single;elevat.
GRANT, 245 — New bachelor apartments, fur.
or unfur,; suitable physician or dentist; re fa.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post — Offlce or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 607, corner 8tb — Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 959 — Xew house; elegantly furnished
rooms, single or «n suite; everything new.
NATOMA. 217 — Near Third, single or double,
one large front room.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1211 — Sunny furnlsKed bay-window
room, double and single. .
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny lurnlshed rooms and
ofnees: elevator: eiec. lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 326 — Sunny furnished rooms,
with all modern con.; prices mod.; private.
POST. 821, near Leavenworth — Elegant unfur-
nished or furnished rooms and housekeep-
lng rooms. -
POWELL. 131. near Baldwin lot — Room to
rent.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladieA par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, Y2
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice eunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
SUTTER. 1003 — Sunny well furnished rooms,
en suite or single, for gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been esteablished at 1000
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND nOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasomble; phone South 829.
CROCKER. The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, 626, The Irvlngdale — Sunny suites;
large double and Eingle rooms from $22 50 up.
ELLIS, 104S — Exceptionally well furnished
sunny rooms, with excellent board; private.
JOHNSON. The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, C15 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable. ,
CALIFORXIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
ROOMS AN'D BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Small furnished flat or suite In pri-
vate family with board; Panhandle district;
no children. Box 3639. Call offlce. -
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By young lady, furnished room,
near town. Box 3618. Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE "'cURB^TREATMENT' TtREe'
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1200
Market St.. rooms 5 and C; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144,/ 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Oth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mi»-
Elon st..; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BKKIXS Van and Storage Co.. &30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^EA?T^ARG^xT1[N^YPE\v^f^R's^We
sell better machines for lees money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53G California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctorsteKtlmatP free. 20fl Snnsome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa. Water Co., room
16, second floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. February 4, 1902.— Dividend No. 137.
cf 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra CoeU Water Co. will be payable
at the offlce of said company, room 16, sec-
ond floor. Mills building, on February 15.
15)02. Transfer books will close on February
9, 1902. at ft p. rn.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 38, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at offlce of company, rooms 202. 204.
200 Hayward bldg.,' San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1D02. Transfer books close Feb. 3,
1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
_ PROPOSALST .'.-.•..„-.„
SAX FRAXCISCO. CaL. January 13. 1902. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, Febru-
ary 13. 11)02, and then opened, for construc-
tion of three Iron Storehouses at the Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal. Government re-
! serves right to reject or accept any or all
bids In whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (Including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
In? equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on
' the Pacific Coast; to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. Infor-
j matlon furnished on application to D. D.
WKEKLER. Deputy ¦ Quartermaster General.
- Chief Q. M. . - >
y^ PERSONALS Con tinned.
TRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna bU
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electric
needle; trial free. Mme. Bollng. 407B Hyde.
AL7REDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: >t all druggists'.
ACTINA for eale by the A'Vida Company, 763
f . Valencia et., corner Nineteenth. L _; .,•;•"
Ekating rink, art pallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
OXE MITCUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Br'.pps— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. !>CS Sutter; tel. Larkjn 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist : superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 2(5 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50
Miffit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
i)R. LAMOTTE'S FREXCH CORN PAINT*
the best corn cure; 25c: all drugrgists.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptior.s has been established at 1036
Valencia et^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, cent to any address In th«
L United States or Canada one year for SI
" fostar* paid-
PROPERTY-OW.NEWS Sl CONTRACT* IRS.
HAVING acquire* the Hentzell patent chiai-
r.cy, I am prepared to erect It COc a foot up;
expert- In curing smoking or faulty fiuet;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected: con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
«.cd sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; hax-ing my own eerevrs and timbers
1 can do th'.s work cheap and without obedl-
*cee to labor organizations; estimates free.
J. SMITH, am Minion, or bos 2C0. 31S Bush.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR . s _*?" R -_
IF you have any vacant lot north of Vallejo
et. end from Van Ness ave. out as far as
Lycn Ft., and you trant to sell It, then call
en the undersigned for an immediate buyer:
either a subdivision or a 50-vara lot. W. J.
tiCXX. 530 California st.
ANOTHER residence -wanted to purchase
north of Vallejo Kt. or on any of the cross
streets frcm Van Ness ave. to Lyon st." The
undersigned had two buyers for a property
just sold within that yect'.on. a cash pur-
chaser; if vou have anything to oSer submit
it. V. J. GUXX. 530 California st.
HAVE you a lot to exchange for corner lot.
KxlOS, on Alcatraz ave., block from San
Pablo ave., Gciden Gate. Oakland; close to
schoolhouse and station; value $900; will pay
$500 to $l(K>0 cash difference. L. H.
11OISE, 3C0 Sansome et.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
/ Rents collected.
BARGAIN — Fine runny cottages, S rooms and
all modern improvements; high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
4 Slst sts. : see owner on premises. A. KLAHX.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and finished basement: on sunny Eide street.
310 Jersey st., near Noe.
$5t;00 — SACRIFICE: nice flats: Liberty st.;
choice location; well rented. Owner, bor
3016. Call office.
171(00 — FOR sale, business corner grocery with
5 living rooms and stable; 9-room. flat above.
J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton st.
FOR Sale — 2Sx84; double house; '16 rooms and
bath, at 97G Pine 6t.
fllOO — HOUSE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny corner
valued F1600: easy terms. Ill Montcalm st.
— ™^"" "~""""""" — "*^ "* " ™"™ "^"""""""^ ,
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
BAN MATEO — Good land cheap; one-acre lots,
5-acre lots; city blocks at acre prices; In
Kedwood City, 3 minutes' walk from new de-
pot and Courthouse; rich, deep soil; great
oaks; improved avenue; prettiest offering on
peninsula: double track: all- trains stop; best
property for least money; don't wait; come, ¦
eee us. "U'OOSTER, WHITTON & MONT- j
GOMERT, C34 Market st.. and San Jose.
FOR SALE XEAR SAX FRAXCISCO {
Email tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, an
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and Information.
PROFITABLE oranc*. lpmon, p«*ach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. C Eddy st.
Tl'E have several fine fruit ranches to exchange
for city or Oakland property. HEALY & '
CARR. 6 Eddy St.. S. F. ,
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
ctamp for free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma.
X ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AX.AMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
XEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 33x120; $2500.
New cottage. 5 rooms; lot 40x120; J2200:
terms; also lots in subdivisions: will build to
suit. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JlSfW — $100 cash, bal. £15 per month; large lot;
new 5- room cottage; street work all done; 3
short blocks to train and electric cars. See
some of the new 5, 6 and 7 room cottages we
are building, with all modern Improvements,
porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary tubs,
fine mantel and Eldeboard, gas fixtures, etc ;
7 all ready to move into; why pay rent wheu
you can pick up snaps like these?
W. C- MORAX & CO.
SEE the Wheeler Tract before prices raise
March 1. 1S02. W. C. MORAX & CO.
SI2.5OO— IMPROVEMENTS cost ?21.000; can
subdivide and cell off S1S.OOO worth of lots
end Etiil have a grand Home left, with full
bearing orchard and the grandest garden In
Berkeley, and property situated In the best
part of town. W. C. MO RAN & CO., Lorln
Ktaticn. cud Schmidt block. Berkeley.
$28 — XICE furnished cottage of 7 rooms and
¦table: Berkeley. Owner, box 3615. Call.
FRUITV ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FBriTVALB REAL ESTATE.
/.N ucnanLlleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson are. and Hopkins tt. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished fcot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, plg-
ecn cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. : rcrt $35 a month; price $4C00.
ApplT .T. R- FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
FOR sale — Large lot near electric road; mu6t
sell or give away. Box 3CS5. Call offlce.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 3113 BROADWAY.
OAKIAXD REAL ESTATE.
$500 CASH, ?10 monthly; a new modern cottage
of 4 large rooms; large bath room, porcelain
tub; nickel plated fittings; high and dry
basement; C large lets, all fenced; 100x100;
euperb soil; grand view; no fogs, no cold
winds here: adjoining East Oakland; 36 new
houses built within ti months; surroundings
building up rapidly: near a model school
bouse and electric car lines; this is an ideal
spot for a home; a lovely grove and Im-
mense shade trees and running stream of
water close by; price in all $1750. Call or
send for circular. iXiTi Seventh et., opposite
Broadway Etation. Oakland; carriage free.
U. Z. JOXES, Owner.
7 NEW homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all flrst class;
llerriinac or Twenty-eighth et., between Tel •
>-graph ave. and Grove et. ; monthly payment
plait. See owner on the premisas to-day.
S5GO CASH — 920.40 per month buys a new 6-
room house; n minutes walk to local.. WM.
P. TODD, 1C70 Brcadway, Oakland.
ti. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Rrrxiway. rear Fifteenth ft. "
OAKLAND FCRXITCttE FOR . SALE.
KURXITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40X Eleventh st. Oakland.
_ ItUO.MS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The. 1773 Market — Front parlor euit
with kitchen and, e&e ranff; rent $20.
CAETnO, 42S. nr. 17th— 2 private furn, h«kpg.;
private entrance; lawn: cheap; no children.
ELLIS, 11C2 — Elegant parlor cult with kitchen;
every convenience; private. x .
FIFTH 353 — F"urnl»btd housekeeping- In suites
2 or 3. fl2 to $20; a'.so eingle. $5.
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29, IDOL '
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦***-'&X
WEEK DAYS — 6:55. 8:30. »»:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1-45. 8:15. 4:1b. 6:15. •C.15. 6:45 ix £. *
EXTRA TRIPS— For. Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. f Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— -S:00. »10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. n-15.
3-15. *4:45. 0:30, 9:30 p. m. . .xo.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FKOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10 »15
a. m. '12:25. 2:15, •3:35. 4:4«, 5:30 p^ip.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and . Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-0:15 •8:00., »10:00. »U:45 a. m..
•1:40. •3:15,. 4:45. «e:30 p. m. . '
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin. ~
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at i :10 and 10:35 p. m. .'
SUNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. "2:13
3:30. 5:00. ¦ 8:45 p.m." *
THROUGH TRAINS. ¦ . ¦
' C :55 a. m. week . days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan MIIU and way
stations. -.•-¦• •
'^8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mill* and way
stations. ¦ . " • ¦•- ', -'.. - „'
- - Let-al Holiday boats and train* will run on
Sunday , time, r .-.-"• i .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Santa Fe^-
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Denot.
~ I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
{ Dally Dally Dally Dally
L*. San Fran\ 7:20a 9:00 a 8;00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a ll:« a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 I l:3Qa 9:11 p
•• Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3rl3alO:50p
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•• Visalta.. 3:30p 3:00a
" Bakersfd 6;15p 5:20 p 7:45a
» Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30a
••• Chicago 2:15 p 9:00pt
a lor morning, p ior afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train Is the California Un-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Car* and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnalr Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No secord-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and
Fresno local. Corresponding train arrived
at 12:30 p. m. dally.
8 p m. la the Overland Cznresa. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllnlnsr Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqoln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. rn. dally.
- Offlces^ — C41 Market street and In Ferry
Depct, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. .
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Son- B.««*kw.s»»«» cek ~
»-30 A. 8KX)A. _,. - t^n^ w« M „ w 100 r. S>;4o A.
1:45 P. 10:00 a. yj S^^Z *. otr *t*MS S- 00 *¦ S-' 40 »
4U5 r. U-^0a. l^'tU^ir <-25 r.&55 K
l:15p. i - lt - We ' kD * I *" lr - |5:55f.j i
Fir., e»n Fnaoixv to Saomlt >od Rshim. I1.*X • !
GdutOOcM, tmuSJIZTSTUrindSASSAUIOmU. '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 BEARSVST. £aUbllsh(Kl
In 1SS4 for the treatment of PrlvMt*
Dl^uen, Jxitt Manhood. Debility or
dlMtas* wearing on body and mini! aixt
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures whra
others ' fall. Try htm. Charges low.
<'nrr»Koarnntrrd. C»llor»«l* .
pr.Jf.jr.mBEOX.Baarrandss^^*. •
BAIIWAY TBAVEIiw
Train* lf>nv«> irntl urn dim to nrrlv* Ml
NAN Kit A. \«: !*««».
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street.)
tZAYK — TKOU FBBBVART 9. 1302. — ABKITa
7:00* Eenicla, Suisuu, Elmira tad. Sacra-
mento 6-3-"lf
":00a VaciTille, Winter*. Ramsey ?sS3r
?i3UA Martinez, . S*u U&tmiu. Vallejo, N»ra.
Caliat4>K» ami Hsiita, ltos» «:23p
SsOOa Dmtls. Woodland. Kiusnts Landing,
M»ry*»ille, Oro.illn 7:Mf
RiOWt Atlantic Kxnrefia— Ojilen and East »:S3*
»:«><>* Mies. Lathrop, Stockton 7:31?
»:«>« v NUt*, Mnndtita, lUnfurd, Visalte,
Fort&nnie ,.. 4i23r
•:3Oa Shasta Kxprrsa— IHtIs, WUlUms (for
Bartlett Hprtnes. 1 . Willows, Had
. Bluff. Portl«nd. 7:33r
».:<¦> a S»i Jim, . IJtermoro, Ktockton,
lone. K.tersniento. Fliet-mlle,
MnryxfUlf, Chfco, K«.l Ilhitr 4:2V
Bt.tOA Oakitalr, Chinese, Sonora, Tuolumne 4:2.1?
»:««»* Hi»yw»ril. Xilrnaud Way (Stations.. ll:-13\
BtOOx Vailfjo : la>25p
9t»OA Loa Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, ijathrort. Sioektou. Merced
Fre-mo »»<) 1a*. Ai.roU. 7:33*
»::»>* VmIIi-Jo, Marllttex ami Way Stations 5:V )f
lOiOOA Th» Overland l.imlteil-OjdeH, L'ea-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago 5i23p
M:<»<»r S»cr»m«»t» t!l»ur Sie>n.rr». ........ |11:UH?
3iU»r Kimiutii. Winter*. Hacranienlo.
¦ - . - ,, ¦ Wmnttatid. Kiifulitu - ]j>i»,llng,
Mnrrx'iHr. Or.,»HI«. IAsS-I*.
Ss3Or Hay w»r.t, N1U» a»<l Way Stations.. 7:53p
4i»»r Martinet, H*n Kanun.. Vnllejfi,
l\*\m. <.'>iliHl..>K». Santa ltn«i »<*.%*
4tOOp Nile«, Mrennore, Stockton. Ixxll... 12 »Sr
•*i:»«ij« lUytvAnl. MIb». Ufniioro J»:a5»
4:3»pTli« Owl Limited '- Kiemm, Tuhire,
: . -, - IlAkersBnhl. Hangiis for Santa Kar-
tiitr». Irfis Anaelos W:3.1«
.TiOOr Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 «:23a.
B:o»f Msrtln'z. Antioch, Stockton, Mei-
ced. Fresno l*»S5y
flsflttp fUyiT^cil. Miles ami San Just... .... 7>33*
fa:OMr Vallejo S Ili33\
«>OUr Oriontal Mai!— Ogilon, DenTer.
Omaha. St Louis. Chicago <i25p
tsVWr Oregon ami California K x i>r«mn. H«o-
niMimiti.. Marintlllc. KimMIiik,
IN.rth.u.l. Tugst rtunml anil East 9iCT»
*i n.i p San r§l)Io. F»rt Co.it*. Martlaes
ami War Citation* Ili2.1»
r*iOTr Vall>l.»..?. 7i*V>P
~ COAST IilNE (Narrow Uange).
(fw>t»f U»»kctStrw>.>
• :15a N<i»«rk,(/niitpr*lllf,Muii.li)ae,Kt>ltoii,
¦ ¦ ., . ]lniiMerCrMol{,Haiit»Ornz»nd Way
HtotlmiJi ' Bi3«r
f«il3r Nownrk. (.'enterrlllr. 8an Joae, Self
A linn ilmi, Kxllnn, linnltlor Creek,
Hanta Crux aud 1'rlucipal Way
StiiMoim 1«»»»WA
4-.l*r Wewnrk. Han Joiie. I.ok Oatos t»'*»*
«0.3up Hnnteni' Train— Sun Jc»e and W»y
SUtlops... t7.»W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From S1I m » CISCO— Tmv of Mwkat Street (Slia S>—
M:I5 »;Q0 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:30 5:15'.-.
friiBOiuns— rni^Bf»n<ii»j.— fii:0o ja ; oo t3:0a
10:00*. h. 1S:Q3 2.00 1:33 r.u.
COAST LilNE (Kroail (lange).
(Thin! am! Townaeinl St».)
«>m»a Ban Joae and Way stations.. ........ ' «i4m*.
7i«Oa Hail Jims anil Way SUtlolis {Si«» A
/7i«Ua New Al.raiien /4:lftr
8iO(»a Coast Line Limited — efcn .Toee,
Giln.y. Salinaa. 8an Lnis Obbpo.
Banta Barbara, Ixm Angr>s aud
principal intermediate stations.... 10:43p
• <«»! Nail .l.iae. Ties I'luos. HantK Vfux,
racitie iifimr, Salinss. San Lnis
, Oblavo and Principal iuttumetllata
( StHMmm 4:10f
1 O:;ioa Ban Jose and Way Station*. *::»«*
I IiSOa San Jiwi nnil Way Stations tt; 10*
¦fa=f 3p Sau Mateo. Itedwooil, Mrnk> Park.
I'alo Alto. Hauta Clara. 8au .lose,
Trea Finos, Santa Cms, Saitnaa.
Momwrey aiul I'acillc Gram fin:i5»
S.xor H«i .I««e anil Way iitalhui*. Is3«p
T4:l.tp Sau. Time ami Principal Way Statlnna »i3llp
. 4 i.IO f Sunset limited— Mondays. Wednen-
(lays. Friday*, (or Loi Angslei. El
I'aio Kew Orleans and New York.
Arrvres Sunday*. TncBdays and
Thursdays 1»>13*
fR:OOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Prluoipal
Way Stations i»i«*4
Bi34»p Ban Jose ami Principal Way Station* «:3»p
tzanr 8»nJiw-m«l War-Stations 7a3«p
?tOOp New Orleans Exprtus— Han Lnto
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
: teles. Dining, El Paso, New Or-
j leans and E«»t 11:30*.
«Ht45pSan Josb»».hI Way .Station* 7ia»p
, A for Morning. I* for Afternoon,
t Hnmlay exempted. t Snnday only.
» Satnrctay onlj. . / Tueidsjs *nd Frldsys^
CiLif 02NIA NORTHWESTERN H. CUL
LESSEES
SAa FRANCISCO AND KOBTH PACIFIC
HAIUWAV COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Maricet 5:.
San Francisco to San Riafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:(X). 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30, 6:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trtp»
at l:6O and 11:30 p. m. . , _^
SUNDAYS — 8:oO. »:3O, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
- ¦ San kaV'ael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, T:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45k 3:40, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:1«. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:iO.
5:03. 6:25 p. m. > i <
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. ¦<». 1901 [ Saa Francisco.
Week | Sun- I | Sun- ) Week
Days, t nays. \ Destination! day*. [ Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petalurna. 6:05pm 10:23am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 0:20pm
Fulton, -
7:30am Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am.
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 '30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm S :00pm 9 :20pm
7:30am 8:C0am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40ara
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm>
7 :30am 1 8 :00am I ', |10:40am[10:25am
3:30pm| 6 :00pm [ Sebaatopol. | 7 :35pm [ 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
: vulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllls for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle, Carlsbad Springs,' Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley'n.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's)
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Weatport, Usal. Wllltts, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 630 Market street. Chrontcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
;\V- MARRIAGE LICENSES.
- . ¦ •• •;••;: v: . . ¦ • ¦ : • ¦¦; .¦ ~
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William H. Llpp, 23, Redwood City, and
Marie Chrlstensen, . 24, city. »
Frederick Howard, 35, ' 127 Montgomery
street, and May Warren. 18, 310 Eighth street.
Thomas C. Flynn, »3a, 1239 Market - street,
and Lizzie A. Klmrsbury. 40, 1239 Market st.
G. Arthur Smith, 30, city, and Mary Wick-
man, 41, Aatoria, Or.
August Redecker, 44, 510 Powell street, and
Mina Sievert, 41. 4 Verona place. '
Boles J. Rybicki, . 30, 40 Geary street, - and
Margaret A. Hanavan. 20, 2712 Seventeenth st.
Thomas. E. Bailey, 21, 3049 Eighteenth
street, and Mary F. Ryan, 21, 420 Tehama. et.
Arthur N. Stlkeman,* 40, 420 Tehama. street,
and J. E. Perkins, 30, Santa Cruz.
Joseph J. McCann, 23, 317 Harriet street, and
fGertrude C. Owen. 21, city.
Max A. Stammer, 23, 233 Sunnyside ave-
nue, and Emma F. D. Barthold. 20. 473. Shot-
well street.
James J. Barn'. 24, 178 Randall street, and
Annie Barrett, 22, 67 Whitney street.
Antonio Vieira, 45. Hay wards, and Maria A.
de Castro, i 40. 114 Pacific Etreet.
Thomas Vernon. 47. 1001 Folsom street, and
Lwella M. Vernon, 18. Santa Monica. .
Thomas F. Wagner, 35, city, and Mary Win-
nie. 25, city.
Ernest O. W. Asplund, 33, 70S McAllister
street, and Gertrude R. Bond, 27, 324 Golden
Gate avenue.
William McMann, 32, city, and Annie Bren-
nan. 25, city. •
John Demmelmeyer, 32. 2222% Mission
street, and Emma E. Stroh, 27, 2222% Mis-
sion street.
Allen S. Mclntyre. 24, 80$ Castro street, and
Hattie Currier. 23. 796 Clayton street.
BIRTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS,
Birth, .marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published. ¦
Bonn".
.CAIRE— In Oakland, February C. 1902, to the
wife of. Fred F. Calre, a daughter.
CALLAHAN — In thl3 city, February 4, 1902,
to the wife of John R. Callahan, a daughter.
JACOBI — In this city, February 10, 1902, to
*lhe wife cf J. M. Jacobi, a daughter.
LYON— In this city, February 9, 1902, to the
wife of M. J. Lyon, a daughter.
PETTERSON— In this city, January 5, 1902,
to the wife of C. O. Petteraon of Auckland,
New Zealand, a daughter. . .
T~ MARRIED.
LUNDIN— JOHNSON— In this city, February
'$. 1902, by the Rev. C. J. E. Haterius, pas.-
«or of . the Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer
Church, diaries A. Lundin and Johanna
Johnson. ¦ • —
MacFADYEN— DOYLE— In this city, Febru-
ary 9, 1902, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford,
pastor of the First Christian Church, John
A. MacFadyen of Oakland and Ruby S.
Doyle of San Francisco. "
STERN— BECK— In this city, February. 9,
1902, by the Rev. Rabbi A. B. J. Brown,
Emauuel A. Stern and Paula Beck, both of
San Francisco.
_____ ___
Attinger. Christian Ives, Charles W.
Angelo, Philips Lazzarevich, Annetta
Baker, Richard J Mehrtens, Annie
' Boyle, E. D. Morris, Mrs. Julia
. Chamberlln. Edwin Mullen, Annie
Chase, Louisa M. O'Malley, Charles
Colby, Amaaa D. Obram, Elizabeth
Dunn, Catherine Parker, Edward H.
Fester, Harry W, Phillips, • James ¦ R.
Fox, Mary A. Rose, John G.
Garratt. Harry B. Salles, Victorine E.
Gill, Mary Shaw. Oliver. B.
Hanegress, Adele Shaw, Sarah J.
Hennig, Katie Shenk, Kitty
Higgins, Louis S. Smith, Eugene E.
Hillard. Ruth M. Spreen. Magretha
Hinds. William . . Stevenson. George
Holler, Walter Strcrnberg, Ida
Hotte, William F. Tomasich. Anton
Howe, Clara F. Tormey, Fannie E.
Imelli. Max Walling, Harold 8.
ATTINGER— In this city, February 9, 1902,
Christian, dearly beloved husband of Annie
L. Attinge.r, father of Anita and Willie At-
j tinger. brother of Mrs. Charles Jensen, and
son-in-law of Mrs. Margarethe Helnze, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged '.Hi. years
and 9 days. A member of Golden Gate Camp
No. 64. Woodmen of the World, and San
Francisco Schwaben Verein.
(C5' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 412 McAllister street, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue, thence to San
Francisco Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk street, I
where services will be held, commencing a:
2 o'clock. Cremation. I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ANGELO— In this city, February 8, 1902,
Philips Angelo, beloved husband of Frances
Angelo, a native of Kentucky, aged 51 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 9 Salmon street, off Pacific, between
Mason and Taylor, thence to M. E. Zlon
Church. Stockton street, between Sacramento
and Clay, for services. - Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BAKER — In this city, February 9, 1902, Rich-
ard James, beloved husband of Louisa
Baker, and brother of Mrs. Jessie Lee, a
native of England, ased 42 years 3 months
and 18 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2GC0 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, under the auspices of Court Bohemian
No. 8023, Ancient Order of Foresters. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electric
funeral car ; from Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets. (
COURT Bohemian No. 8023, A. O. F.— Officers
and members are hereby requested to assem-
ble at the parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2C6<J
Mission street, at 1:30 o'clock, on Wednes-
day, February 12, to attend the funeral of
our late brother, R. J. Baker.
M. BOEHM. Chief Ranger.
M. FUETSCHER. Fin. Sec.
BOYLF — In Dayton, Nev., February 9, 1902
E. D. Boyle, a native of Ireland, aced CO
years.
CThe funeral will take place Thursday
February 13, from St. Mary's Cathedral, at
10 o'clock. '
CHAMBERLIN— In this city, February 9, 1902
Edwin G.. beloved husband of Sostener and
father of Edwin G. Jr., Samuel, Charley- and
Bella Chamberlin. a native of Sackett Har-
bor. N. Y., aged 64 years 5 months and 3
days. -
C_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 651 Vallejo street, thence to Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CHASE — In Alameda, February 8, 1902, Louisa
M. Chase, widow of the late L. P. Chase, a
native of Canada, aged 72 years and 4
months.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
COLBY— In Oakiar.S, February 10, 1902. Amasa
D. Colby, a native of Acton, N. H., aged
71 years and 18 days.
DUNN — In this city, February 0, 1902, Cath-
erine Dunn, widow of the late P. F. Dunn
and beloved mother of Charles A., William
H. and J. V. Dunn and Mrs. L. Gibbons
B_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high, mass
will be cejebrated for the repose of her soul
commencing: at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FOX — In San Rafael. February 9. 1902, Mary
Adaline Fox. mother of Edward Fox a na-
tive of Hartford. Conn., aged 7S years
C_^Funeral and interment private.
FOSTER — In this ; city, February , 9 1902
Hurry W., son of the late Henry A. and
Mary Foster, and brother of George H
Charles T., Frank E. and Grace T. Foste'r
and Mrs. Georce H. Strieker, a native of
San^ Francisco, aged 40 years 2 months and
C_?"Friends*~and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ac-rvlcrs
Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence, 1411 Oxford street, Berkeley Inter-
• ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland
GARRATT — In Callatoga. Cal.. February irt
1902 Harry B husband of Fannie GaTratt'
a ? d o bro 4 her ? f MrB - w - H. .Crim. -a native
of San Francisco. ¦¦ - * uve
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ¦
GILL— In this city, February 10, 1002. Mary
KENRYJ. GALLAGHER CoT
(Successor to Flancacan & Gallagher »
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgl ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School .
Telephone gouth 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRTJXO HI1_S.
OFFICE 918 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. M»o,y fr '.
NEW P1KM OH UiNOEKT AKI5RS '
Samuel McFadden. 18 year, manager 'for
the United Undertakers' Association! M J
McBrearty. -with the same company for is
years; P. F. Green, lato wUh-J.C. O'Con-
nor & ¦ Ca. have opened new Funeral Par-
REMOVED!
TVlcGllNfN BROS.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 228 McAllister s" (inSr- '
rnerly'of HI Ktirtv rt. v T»|. South 2RS.)
? . , . . _ _ . ¦ .
JAMES McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet I
Taylor, and Jones. Telephone South 679. ? I
107 POWELL ST.«aaELLJS 2K? 5056
Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
funy invited -to' attend ths funeral Thursday,
. at 1 :.'{:» o'clock.- from the hall of the Aus-
trian Military and Benevolent Association,
.507 'Sutter street.. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at- the parlors of Va-
lcnte, Marini &,Co., 1524 Stockton street.
TORMEY— In Vallejo. February 9, 1902. Fan-
nie ; E., beloved wife of "William Tormey,
' and mother of William - J., Fannie, Ella.
_" Mary, Ray, Rose and . Genevieve Tormey, a
¦ native • of Eenl^ia. aced 4G years 7 months>
and 25 days. •**.> '• ¦' .¦ v "
'ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
. mornicK, February 11, at 8:30 o'clock, from
the : Actor House, .Vallejo. thence to St
¦ Vincent's Church. ~ -where a. . solemn hisrh' re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. ' Interment St. • Vincent's
Cemetery. '
WALLING— In. Oakland. February 10, 1002.
¦ at 585 El. Dorado avenue, Harold S.,. son of
• John C. and Minnie C. Walling, a native of
: California, aged 8 fyears 10 months and 24
days.' . - ' •
ETFrlends and apquaintances are fespect-
'- fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day ¦ mornlnie, 1 at 10 o'clock, from St. Eliza-
beth's Church, 'Bray avenue, • Frultvale near
East Fourteenth street.' Interment Mountain
I View Cemetery, 'Oakland. ,.
TOMASICH— In thii : city, February , 9, • 190*>
i . Anton; beloved son of Pera - and the' late
George Tomasich, and brother of M. Toma-
' sich of • San Francisco, - a native of Zupa '
». Dalmatia. Austria., aged 41 years 3 month*
v and 15 days. .-<>-." ¦ .. ¦ •• - ¦. ¦
E^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
lETFrlends- and acquaintances and' mem-
bers of Hackmen's Union, Local • No. 224,
and Stablemen's Union No. 8760 are re-
spectfully Invited/ to a'.tcnd the funeral to-
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, fibm the
, parlors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green,
1171 Mission street. •'-; ¦ .
STROMBEP.G— In . Castro Valley, near . Hay-
- , wards, February 9, 1902, Ida, . beloved wife
of • J. F. Strombere, . daughter t of Dora and
U the late Henry Kuackstedt, beloved mother
of J. F. Jr., H. A., John F., Richard F., Her-
¦ mann • F. and Elizabeth J. . . Strombewr anJ.
Mrs. B. . Carey, and sister' of Mrs. Henrv
Weyl and Mrs. J. Stockwell of Sonoma Mrs"
L." Cook of Oakland and Henry and Theodor
Kuackstedt, 1 s a native of Germany,: aged 48
years 4 months , and , 17 days. . • • '. - : t .> ,, -
(CyFriends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of . her daughter, Mrs. Annie Baker.
322 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. .~ ;
O'MALLEY— In . this city, February 8. 1902,
Charles, husband of the late Anne O'Malley,
a native .of County Clare, Ireland, azed 03
years. " . '
B^The funeral ' will take place to-day
. (Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission, street,
thence to St. James Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of hia soul at I) o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -
OBRAM — In this city, February 8, 1902, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of Thomas .a.
Obram, and mother of Edith N. Obram, a
native of Shropshire, England, aged 45 years
and 23 days.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, February 11, at 'A o'clock p. m., at
her late residence. 708 Eighth avenue, Rich-
mond district, thence to St. James Mission
Church. Cremation at I; O. O. F. Crema-
torium. ¦
PARKER — In this city, February 10, 1902, at
the residence of his sister, Mrs. Thomas Ty-
ler, 417^3 Bryant street, Edward H., beloved
son of the late John E. and Annie E. Par-
ker, and brother of Esther Parker. - Mrs.
Thomas Tyler and the late Thomas E. Par-
ker, a native of San Francisco, aged 35
years. . • •
PHILLIPS — In this city. February 9, 1902,
James R., beloved husband of Christiana A.
Phillips, brother of Thaddeus Phillips and
Mary A. Freeman, and uncle of Charles R.
Persons, a native of Buffalo, N. Y., aged OJ
years 9 months and 18 days. ... . , .,. ; .
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at-1 o'clock, from his late' resi-
dence,. 2022- Fillmoro street, between Pine
and California. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
ROSE: — In West Berkeley, February 10, 1902,
John G. Rose, beloved husband of Mary H.,
and father of G. Sydney, Mabel, Amelia,
Mary, Donald, John and Jessie Rose, a na-
tive of San Jorge, Azores.
SHAW— Near San Jose, February ' 10, -1902,
Oliver B. Shaw, .a native of Maine, aged 69
years 11 months and 15 days. - .-.
(CT Funeral Wednesday, at 11 o'clock, from
his late residence on Dent avenue, near San
Jose. ¦•
SHAW- In this city, February 10. 1902, Sarah
J. Shaw, beloved mother of Mrs. Sanford
Johnson, r.nd grandmother of James M.
Johrsan, a native of St. John, New Bruns-
wick, aired 79 years.; (Los Angeles papera
¦ please cor>y.) ¦ - ' ' . ' . \ - ¦
SALLKS — In this city, February 10. 1902, Vic-
torine E. Salle3 (nee Rondel), beloved wife of
Bertrand Salles. mother of Bartrand, Pierre
and Joseph Salles, sister of Mrs. Pierre La-
. tuple and Edward Rondel, and cousin of,B.
Jorgenson, a native of San Francisco.
00" Notice. of funeral hereafter.
SHENK — In the City and County Hospital,
- February 10. 1002. Kitty Shenk. a- native of
. Illinois, aced 34 years. , ... ,
SMITH— In this city, ' February 9, 1002, Eu-
gene E. Smith, a native of California.
lET" Funeral «2rvices N to-day (Tuesday), at
2 o'clock, at 2930 Clay street. Interment
.private. • . ' ;'
SPREEN— In Calistoga. February . 5, 1902
Magretha - Snreen, beloved wife of William
-Spreen. mother, of Minnie R. Powell. Mrs.
F. R. Squires and Henry F. W. Spreen^nd
sister of Martin Holje. (Cincinnati and
Peoria papers please copy.) ,
STEVENSON— In ; this city, February 8. 1902,
• George Stevenson, a native of Ireland, ' aged
: 43 years 1 month and 7 days. r . ....
fS^f Friends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residenos
of her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. James
Duffy, 300 Hickory avenue. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . ¦'. - •
MEHRTENS— In the City, and County • Hospi-
tal, February 10, : 1802, Annie Mehrtens, a
native of Germany; ared 71 year3. . . -; .
MORRIS— Entered lnto v re»t; in this city, .Feb-
ruary 10. 1902, Mrs. Julia Morris, a native
of England, aged SG years 2 months and 2
days.
MULLEN— In this city, February 9, 1902,
Annie, . dearly beloved wife of Edward P.
Mullen, and mother. of Charles H. Mullen.
Mrs. Mary Walsh, Mrs. Annie Baker. Mrs.
Ida Wallace and Mrs. Emily Auser, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md.. aged 72 years.
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thq funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eishth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, i
IVES — In this city. February 9, 1902, at hi*
residence, U(iC Geary street, Charles W. Ives,
-^ dearly beloved husband of • Annie M. Ires,
beloved son of Frances M. and the lato
Abijah Ives, only brother of Harry L. Ives,
I and sjn-ln-law of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hahn,
a native of Troy. N. Y., aged 42 years (j
months and 30 days. (Troy, N.~Y., papers
please copy.)
(E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 6'clock, from his late
residence, 0<«5 Geary street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. . :
LAZZAREVICH— In this city, February 10,
1902, Annetta. beloved infant daughter oi
Louis ; and Margaret C. ,Lazzarevich,' a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 months and li
days. ! •¦.• , . . ¦ . ¦'.'.¦•.¦¦¦ — ¦ ., .
(CT Friends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Haass, 917 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOWE — In Alameda, February 10, 1902, Clara
Fisher, beloved wife of . Frank C. Howe,
daughter of Annie E. and the late Major
George A. Fisher, and sister of Mrs. Alice
F. Holden and Harry- S. and Eva B. Fisher.
[CTServiees Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, at
1410 Benton street, Alameda.
IMELLI — In this city, February 8, 1902, Max
Imelli, a native of Aachen am Rheln, aged
5U years and 10 months. A member of Ye-
rein Eintracht. - • ; •.'..,.
ICTThe funeral will-. .take- place to-day
(Tuesday), at U o'clock. . from his late resi-
dence, H15 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem high- mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. : Kindly omit flowers.
HOLLER^ — In Godesbers-, Germany. February
8, 1002, Walter Holler, beloved husband of
Louise Holler, (nee Hinders), and lather of
Hans and Krnst Holler, a native of Solin-
gen, Germany, aged 42 years 10 months and
25 days.
HOTTE — In this city, February 8, 1902, Wil-
liam F. Hotte. beloved ¦ brother of • George
Hotte, a native of Germany, aged 02 years
6 months and .22 days. . ' • .
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the I funeral services
Wednesday, February 12, 1802, at 10 o'clock,
' at the. mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
"Undertaking Company; 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. 'Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car' from cor-
ner of Guerrero ¦ and Twentieth streets, at
10:30 o'clock. . .
HINDS — In this city, February 8, 1002, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Hinds, a native of Limerick; Ireland, aged
• (J6 years 8 months. and S days. .
tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
<fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 11, 11)02, at i) o'clock, from her
late residence. 2522 Chestnut street, near
Baker, and thence to St. Paul's German M.
K. Church, Broadway, between Stockton and
Powell streets, where services' will be held
commencing at 10 o'clock. .• Interment - Cy-
prers Lawn. Cemetery, by carriages. .'
HIGGINS— In Oakland. February 10. : 1002,
Louis S., beloved husband of the late Al-
mada D. Higglns, and father of William H.
and Eugene L..Higgin», a native of Maine,
aged 65 years' 9 months and 4 days. ' :
HILLARD— In this city, February - 0. 1902,
Ruth Mildred, beloved chUd of J. F. Hillard
and the late Katherine Hillard, and beloved
sister of Ramona Hillard, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 9 mouths and 15
days. . .
EyFrlends ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ servicss
to-day (Tuesday), at -10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, » SS5 East Fourteenth
•treet. East Oakland. Cremation, Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. San ¦ Francisco. . ' .
HENXIG— In this city, S February" 7. 1002,
Katie, beloved wife of John G. Hennig, and
mother of George A. .Wettmann, Mrs. G.
Bazelotte and Frank Giltner. a natfye of
- He'ssen-Darmstadt, Germany. A member ot
Norddeutscher Frauen Verein. Deutscher
Frauen Unterstutzunss Verein. and Justice
Circle. No. 104. C. O. F. ...
ByKrlends and acquaintances - are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Wednesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from her late
.: residence. !12O1 Howard street, corner Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Cliurch. for services.
HANEGRESS— In Oakland, February y," 1902,
Adele, beloved wife ot Martin '¦„ Hanegress,
mother of Henry Hanegress, and S sister of
. Anna and Conrad Evers, a native of Bremen,
Germany, .aged 31 years 7 months: and 27
days. ' ¦ ¦ .• ¦". ¦ \ ,-¦ . ;¦:.. "¦'.-; : ¦' -
Gill, beloved aunt of William and Of fleer
James Gill. Mrs. . Mary Donnelly and "Han-
nah Gill, a native of County . Cork, Ireland,
ased 1C1 years 1 : month and 4 days.. (New
York papers please copy.)'. £ ' V.Business is often transacted by busi
ness men at lunch. Cafe Zinkand. •
cers for the current term took place, re
sulting as follows: •
Past president. D. W. McNeill : president,
J. P. Tighe; secretary. P. B. Gallagher; first
vice president, I. B. Jarrett; treasurer. William
McKay: committee on organization — D. W.
McNeill. M. H. Morgan, Colonel Zaoarias. T.
Cascn.- G. F. Hill, J. G. Kearney, J. F. Har
ney -and officers of the club as ex-offlcic mem
bers. • . ¦ " ¦
The club resolved to send a full delega
tion to the biennial convention of the
State League of Republican Clubs. at San
Jose. . . . -. - - . .
At this point' there was a slight digres
sion' from the ; purchase of the. n*P er into
the field of politics. Mr. "Ach wEnted to
know < if .' Mr.',. Daniels | had, t at J that - time, 1
ever taken ; any, active part in politics in
Alameda County, to. which he replied that
he .ImloV though,; he had ".never held any
official position . except that of . trustee of
Piedmont School ; district. He said 'that
Revert to Politics.
*Q. — What report did he make to you? A.—
That Mr. Leach would like to sell his stock.
My recollection is as far as hewas able to
report at that time. .
Q.— Did you ever speak to anybody else about
it before you spoke to Pardee or Dalton? A
Not that I recollect. : .
Q. — Did - you receive any report " from . Mr.
Williams?- A. — Yes.
| Q. — How ¦ long after your . conversation with
him?' A. — Oh. I don't know. .
Q.— Approximately? A.-rOh, possibly a.
week. ¦ -. . ' .:.... . ...
Q.— Did he report to you? A. — He did.
Q. — Before you spoke to Dr. Pardee or Mr.
Dalton? A. — I don't know .whether he did or
not. ; :". ..... »« i •'. - ...
Q. — What was it that you wanted him to do?
A.— I asked him to find out from Mr. Leach
whether he did want to sell his Interest and
what It was. '
Q. — And if ¦ I understood you correctly you
wanted Mr. Williams to investigate the affairs
of the'Oakland Enquirer Publishing Company?
A. — That was not what I testified. "'- ¦
After the conversation with Mr. Collins
the next step in the negotiations was the
tslk with Mr. Williams, in which Mr
Daniels said that he told Mr. Williams
that he had an idea that Mr. Leach would
like to sell his interest In the Enquirer
and that he would like to have Mr. Wil
liams find out i the extent of that interest
and for what it could be purchased.
This particular part of the deal which
resulted in his purchase of- the paper -was
described - as ¦ follows :
Q.— Well, who was it sent you to John Wil
liams? A. —I went myself.
Talks to Williams.
Mr. Ach wanted to know where he heard
the remark made and Mr. Daniels replied
that S. T. Gage had dropped the observa
tion in a casual conversation. Subsequent
to that Mr. Daniels said that he conceived
the idea of securing the control of the
Enquirer, but he had no , more conversa
tions* with Mr. Collins about the matter.
Later he talked with John Williams, an
expert accountant, who was a • friend of
his, and then with Dr. Pardee and Henry
P. Dalton. .'
Q.— Ever consulted a physician about lapses
?., " lemol% y or anything of that k4nd in you*
Hie? A. — No. fir. -->•.. ...-•'
., Q- — Have you ever contemplated such a
thing owing to the fact that your memory
would at times exhibit that it was not aa
strong as it had been? A. — No, sir. . . .
.. Q -rr Had y° u ever, noticed that it was failing?
A.— No, sir. . . . .
'•Mr. Ach then went into the details of
the negotiation that culminated in the
purchase of 'the paper by Mr. Daniels.
Mr. Daniels stated that the first one
with whom he had talked about the pos
sibility of the paper passing from the
controlof Frank A. Leach was D. Edward
.Collins, the plaintiff in. this suit. Mr.
Daniels said that one day, shortly after
Mr. Leach- had' ben appointed Superin
tendent of the Mint in San Francisco, he
had heard that Mr. Leach would probably
have a hard . time running- a newspaper
and a Federal office and that he might
like to dispose of his stock. Upon hear
ing that Mr. Daniels said that he had
gone to Mr. Collins in his bank and had
remarked, "I have heard it said that Mr.
Leach would have a difficult time running
a newspaper and a Federal office," to
which Mr. Collins replied, "Yes, Mr.
Leach would like to sell and I. would like
to have him." ¦ ,
Never Consulted Physicians.
and never borrowed a dollar from them and
never made a deposit with that last named
bank prior to the- 7th day of January. 1808?
. A. — Refusal.
Mr. Ach — Note the refusal and the commis
sioner is requested to certify the matter up.
Q- — Do you know who was the manager or
managing director or managing officer of the
Central Bank in January and February. 1898?
A. — No, sir.
Q.— Did you visit the Central Bank In Jan
uary. 1808, for any purpose? A.— I don't know
Q.— Have you been ill, Mr.- Daniels? A.—
No. sir.
Q.— Have you ever had any brain disease?
A. — No, sir.
Q-— You ever received any injury upon the
head, in any way? A. — Not serious.
From Mr. -Daniels' f private banking af
fairs Mr. Ach." skipped to the ; borrowing
of : the j money ,with • which the purchase
of the- Enquirer, was made. '. He tried- to
find out if Mr. Daniels .had negotiated this
loan/,wlth,the following result: -.v :
J/Q.-r^Do you'; know? the -Central' Bank? ¦ A.—
;Yes/- sir.:' -;¦;¦• ; '¦. ¦••> ' ¦; V ;' ' :• •'•• : :': ¦ ¦ -¦
' tQ— Did you ever have an account there prior
to the. 7th day of January, .1898? A. — I refuse
to answer on the same ground. ¦• ......
. .Mr.-Ach — Note 1 the- refusal ot the witness..
Q-— Is 'It not a fact that you never, had an
*ccoupt'thcrj^nfl',iiW not owe;tto«m » dollar,
Money Question Comes Up.
Mr. ' Ach wanted ¦ to know all about'Mr.
Daniels' different banking transactions, ". at
what*, banks and the amounts of his de
posits, how much money ' and from whom
he .-* hadA borrowed, and; the like. These
questions -Mr. Daniels refused to answer,
and . Mr: .'"Ach demanded •: a certificate . to
this effect to each and every ; refusal.
¦ Q. — Did' you know what- the financial con
dition was of Dr. Pardee? A. — Not in "de
tail, ,no^_ ¦-';..¦ ' ¦'• v ' . '
Q.— Do '• you - know where- it is or where it
•was? -a:— i don't know that I can give -the
street and number.
:Q.— Do,yoUknow how much? A. — No, I do
not know -.the, area. ¦
' .Q.-T-Had you prior to that time made any
inquiry of- Dr.'. 1 Pardee concerning: his financial
condition ?,.,A.-r-No. sir. .. •'•-•
O. — Did you know how muchhe owed? A.^
No,:8lr. . ¦ , : :..:.';- ¦ . .-¦¦-,; ¦ '¦ .'¦. » "' !
,* Q.—Did you, know, how much Henry, Dalton
owed?! 'A.— No. sir. . '. - '
Q.— Did you'atUhat time, In 1808, and prior
to the 7th day of January, .««Jow what prop
erty he was possessed of? A. — Not in detail.
¦ Q. — Did you know any property that he was
possessed of?.- A. — I knew he was. possessed of
property. ' .-.*-. ¦ -••¦ .
' ' Q.— DId-you know, what property? .A. — Not
in detail. t> '. . ' . - -
•'Q.— Did you know any one article or thing?
A.— Yes, sir.., v ¦ : ~ -¦¦¦,; • ¦
;Q.— What? A'.— He was possessed of real
estate, here.. '.•¦. / , .
. Q.— Where ? A.— In Oakland
Possessed Heal Estate.
; 'Q— Up to. that, time, the time of the first
conversation,' whenever it was, and with whom
soever it occurred; had you made any inquiries
concerning the 'financial condition of Henry P.
Dalton? -.A. — No'.' -sir.
' Q.— Had you then prior- to the execution- of
this agreement between Leach,' Nye and Collins
on the one part, and H. N.r Dalton, held con
verse with -Henry P. Dalton concerning the ac
quisltlbn of that' stock? ' A. — Yes, sir.
Q.—Btate.' the ¦ conversation. A. — In doing
that I will have to make arather extended ex
planation, which I-f; — . >i ¦; ;
. Q. : — Can you not state ; ...>
' Mr. Snook— Go-ahead. ' -
• The wltr.ess— Now,' I am entitled to an ex
planation.-.'¦". - %: ;-'/¦' '• •¦- "
Mr. -Ach — Can you state when and where the
.first conversation was had between yourself and
Henry P.' Dalton,' and do you not remember it?
.A.— No,;; sir. . • i \ ; • .'
,;.-Q.— Can you. remember where.lt was you flrst
approached him, or he approached you, concern
ing, the. matter which resulted in this agreement
of February -7th?'. -A. — No, s\r; January 7th, If
you please. - ¦¦ - . • . - . '
; • Q. — Do youmean to infer that you had sev
eral ¦conversations- with him prior ¦ to ..the 7th
day of, January,- '98, concerning the matter?
A. — Yes,. sir.-;- . .:'¦ .
1 --(I. — And that you can segregate them? A —
Yes," sir. -v •••.,•<• '
. : Q. — Do you remember whether or no the first
conversation, that -you had concerning the ac
quisition; of, this stock was with Henry P. Dal
ton alone,- or with -Henry P. Dalton and Dr.
Pardee?) A.— No. sir.
r Mr.'Ach— Have you -no recollection of that?
A. — No,- sir. '¦¦¦'. .-. • • "¦ . ¦ .. • »*
, <Q. — Therefore, you cannot swear whether or
no: the- first '.conversation was a Joint one be
tween'. Dalton an'd- Pardee 'on one side and you
on-.the: other?.-.A. — No, . sir; •¦ I^cannot state
whether-or not. 1 ' ; . - * ". ¦ • '¦¦-'.
Wants to Explain.
Q.— All right, air. If you never had spoken
to him about it, who was the Individual who
negotiated between Mr. H. N. Dalton and your
self,-so that he -took the contract for you? A. —
Mr. Henry. P. Dalton. ". . . .- .
Mr. Snook — We submit that is answered. We
object to the repetition of the same question.
.Mr. Ach — Answer. A. — It is answered al
ready. -. ¦ ¦ - . . •"
Q. — You refuse to answer further? A. — Yes,
sir. ~ • • ¦.:¦¦
Q. Did you ever speak to H. N. Dalton about
it? A; No. I think rot.
., Q. -Isn't it a fact that H. N. Dalton in that
contract was simply a figurehead for some one
else? A. He took the contract for me.
Q.— Is it not a fact that he was simply #. fig
ure-head for some one else?
A. H. Wolff, a resident of Alameda, yes
terday fell down the elevator shaft at 30S
Market street and sustained serious inju
ries. He was engaged In oiling some of
the machinery. He slipped, fell and struck
the top of the elevator. At the Harbor
Hospital he was treated for a lacerat-d
wound of the right leg, which was badly
bruised, and abrasions of both legs and
head.
Hurt in Elevator Shaft.
COURT COMMISSIONER. BEFORE WHOM THE HEARING IN THE SUIT
• AGAINST THE ENQUIRER PUBLISHING COMPANY IS BEING
CONDUCTED AND THE PRESIDENT OF THE CORPORATION.
( . .. . j • .
Commencing Wednesday morning, Feb
ruary 12. will place on sale 150 men's suits
worth $15 at $3 95; 50 dozen white launder
ed shirts, -worth $1, at 33c; 300 pairs of
men's shoes, worth ?3, at $1 25. at the
bankrupt stock ?ale of E. Fried, 10C5 Mar
ket street. •
The following Jurors have been selectM
to try -Thomas Moran. who is jointly ac
cused with William Buckley. Edward
Duncan and Charles Donnelly of murder
ing George Rice:
¦ Richard M. Collins, Jame? M. Costello.
Henry L. Tickner, Frank Litsch. Lewis
G. McMullen. Abraham Morris, William
R. Knight, James C. Christie, Herman
Kahn. Leooold Newman, Leon Nordman
and George H. Welbrock.
The trial will commence this morning.
Moran Jury Complete.
Q. Why do you refuse so to do? 'A. Because
I think they/are of no interest in this case, -and
none to me. '-¦,.' ' ";,jL-. v i
Then followed a lot of ! questions 'upon
Mr. Daniels', financial and. business ; con
dition, some.tof which were ', answered
and some of which were not. 'From that
subject the questions turned again to the
purchase of the paper, as follows:* ._
Q. Who was the individual to whom you first
addressed yourself at any time concerning .the'
acquisition of. a majority, of stock in. the Oak
land Enquirer Publishing. Company- corpora
tion? A. My recollection is that it was Mr. D.,
Edward Collins.' . .' "••.•-.•'¦"
Q. When was it? A. I don' t know, the date.
Perhaps the latter part of ' September, • 1807, : or
flrst of October, fore part of October, ! 189?. E
Q. . You were , then running the • stationery
etore? A.<Tes, sir. ¦¦ ¦ : . .: ¦ ¦ ; *. . ,-.•' • ; . ;
Q. 'Were you on terms of intimacy: with" Mr.'
Collins? Vlait his house? A. No.sir.i -. -..- ¦•_,.- :
Q. Who . was 'the next person • you * spoke > to
about it? A, I don't know, _:_! _1._i::.
Refuses to Give Information.
Q. Have you usually a bad memory,' Mr."
Daniels? A.'Norslr. 1 ' — ¦•"->• - ¦ ... • •,
Q. How much 'time Intervened between'. the
time that you flrst spoke to. either one of -them
until this agreement, of January 7, 1898, was
executed? A. Somewhere ¦ between three and
four months, I think. ••„•-. : ' > ,.- •.*
Q. Did you. know F.' A. Leach >at that time?
A. Yes, air. . . .- ¦ ' , - .:. : •' -,' -V.:- •..;.•.
Q. How long prior to the execution of that
agreement did you meet- Mr. H. : N. Dalton?
A. I don't know, • .- - .. .- .- ¦- . . .;. . ...;!
Q. Did you eyer. meet him?. A.'Tes, >lr.'— ¦:.''.¦
ttons with him? -A. No, sir. " , .. . -.--¦. ... ' ¦-,
Q. Did you have a personal; acquaintance
with him on the 7th day, of January, . 1898 ?• A'.
Yen, sir. -. .-. .- . ;¦'., -. ¦ ' ¦ . v : '.-. \ '•¦y:_" <
Q. You kn'ew'hls' son." didn't' you,' ' the de
fendant? A. Tee, sir. . , ¦ . „ •;.•¦.' ,' .-. ¦ ¦ • •'
Q. Were you on terms of intimacy .with him?.
A. No, «ir, not personally. Friendly., -. ¦ : -
Q. Did you ever have any business connec
tion with him? • A.-No, sir. ..-•¦ . ' ... i. . ,.-.v I
Q. Did you know the plaintiff lnthlscaae
at that time? A. Yes. elr. , . -. ...
Q. Personally?.- ; A.:' Personally. \\\.-U\.:' '-'
Q. Did j ou , ever have ¦ any I business , connec
tions with him?" A. 1 presume I, had.. some
with his bank. < . ,
Q. Have you since you have been upon the
witness stand made any search' for the. books,
or books of account,' which, you kept' while* in
the stationery business? .A. No, sir. •?•• •¦-.'¦• ¦¦_
¦ Q. Are thoee-books at your home? 'A. Not
that I know of. . ¦¦ .. -.-.'• ». ¦ . .' .-; .:.;•-¦.¦
<J. Have you made any Investigation > at ' all
for them?. A. No.-slr. , . ; ¦'. t • - >•• -. :. r ••< ¦ , :
Q. Will you be kind enough, Mr. .Daniels,". tot
make an Investigation, to ascertain the-where
about of those books? A. No, sir. . '¦¦¦-'. ¦¦ . ¦ :
Questions Daniels on Memory.
Q. Where was it? A. I.' don't know , thatl ¦ '.'., ¦
Q. Was it In your stationery .store?. _ A. • I
don't know, sir. ', . . . -. ' ':>.-:>: "¦
Q. Have you been consulted by- H.:N.\ Dal
ton or H. P. Dalton or Dr. Pardee /concerning
the acquisition of a majority of the- capital
stock of the Oakland - Enquirer,.' Publishing
Company prior to the 7th day of January, 1898,
the date of this agreement? A. Tes. .uir. I ;.¦,,. ;
Q. By which one of them? A. I presume .by
all, but I don't remember now. . • • ¦_'• - ¦ ; ".
Q. Who 'first spoke to you about.' it? , r . A.': I
flrst spoke to them about it. : . • -•, , -
Q. To whom did you first speak?.'. A. I 'don't
know which one I did speak to first.'.. . \< : :-\ \^~. r
The matter "will be called 'to-morrow
afternoon, when the threatened contempt
proceedings will interest all concerned.'
The proceedings to-day went into much
of the early history of the purchase of the
Enquirer, and was productive of much in
side information about that deal. , .- ,. "
The proceedings opened with -.M:'. de L.
Hadley, the business manager of the : En
quirer, once more on the stand/ He had
been ordered to produce the books of .the
Enquirer, but announced thathe was un
able to do so because General Manager
G. B. Daniels had Issued orders that, he
was not to be permitted to take possession
of any of the bookB or remove them -from
the office, though he might have the priv
ilege of making such extracts; from: them'
as he might desire. ¦ ."
General Manager Daniels was then
called, and for two hours the purchase of
the Enquirer was thrashed over, in -every
possible way, as follows: - . j : -" . . J ; -'
Gets Inside Information.
OAKLAND, Feb. 10.— There were
threats of contempt proceedings,
lots of refusals to answer, not a
few very interesting answers and
| a general lively time during the
taking of the deposition of G. B. Daniels,
the president and general manager of the
Oakland Enquirer Publishing Company,
which was continued before Court Com
missioner Babcock this morning. Henry
j Ach, attorney' for D. Edward Collins, the
plaintiff in the action, spent the morning
trying to fasten the purchase of the stock
I of the Enquirer upon Henry P. Dalton
and Dr. George C. Pardee, but .the near
est he could get to that was an admission
by Mr. Daniels that he had talked with
Dr. Pardee and Mr. Dalton about the pur
chase of the stock before the purchase
was made, but Mr. Daniels would , not
admit that they had the slightest connec
tion with his deal. AVhen the questions
came too hot and heavy Mr. Ach was met
with a decided refusal to make any an
swer. When It came to a question. as to
whether Mr. Daniels had any verbal con
tract or private agreement with Dr. Par
dee and Mr. Dalton about the stock of the
paper Mr. Daniels positively refused, to
answer. • • ' .
Then Attorney Ach wanted' to know
about the printing combination between
the Enquirer and the Tribune over the
city printing, and asked Mr. Daniels to
state how much had been paid out of- the
money collected by the Enquirer from the
city of Oakland to the Tribune. This Mr.
Daniels said he could not answer, though
he would if he could. Then Mr. Ach want
ed the books of the Enquirer in order that
this phase of the case might be investi
gated, but Mr." Daniels refused to produce
the books, and Mr. Ach threatened con
tempt proceedings. An adjournment was
then taken, so that the record might be
written up.
This new school will be the first in th-i
ITnited States to include the study of the
Irish language In Its curriculum. The fair
will be on an elaborate scale and is ex
pected to be of much tinancial benefit ro
the cause.
The members of St. Peter's Parish held
a meeting on Sunday evening for the pur
pose of arousing interest In the fair 1«>
be held In Mechanics' Pavilion from May
1 to May 17 for the benefit of St. Peter's
Parish. The proceeds of the fair will be
devoted to paying off the debt on the ttttW
prif-st house and to building a new boys'
echooL
Aid of New School Building.
St. Peter's Parish, to Give Bazaar Izi
WXLL H0I,D A BIG .FAIR.
After Mr. Daniels secured his reports
from Mr. .Williams he said that he had
consulted with both Dr. Pardee and
Henry P." Dalton at Dr. Pardee's house,
Mr. Dalton's office and in his own store.
Then Mr. Ach fired a series of questions
that developed the fact that the ones
who negotiated the purchase of the pa-
Q. — Anybody else? A. — I don t remember to
have done bo.
A long series of questions resulted In
the. information that Mr. Williams had
been requested by Mr. Daniels to con
tinue his . researches into the condition
of the Enquirer, and that Mr." "Williams
had finally brought him some of the
books and statements of the paper, which
lie had examined in his own store. These
were then shown to Dr. Pardee and
Henry P. Dalton. Questions and an
swers _then_continued as follows:
q. Did yoy ever show those statements to
anybody? A. — Tes. .
q._ To whom? A. — I showed them to Mr.
Pardee and to Mr. Dalton.
q. — When? A. — I don't know the date..
Q. — Where? A. — I don't know that, either
Williams Brought Books.
Q. — How long prior to the 7th day of Jan
uary, '98? A.— Oh, I talked with him in Oc
tober.
Q. — How long after talking with Mr. Wil
liams? A. — I don't know; how long it was:
Q. — Did you talk to Pardee or Dalton first?
A. — I don't know which one I talked to flrst....
~~Q'.~— Did ~ you ~ Have -* many <- comrersaUona — be-'
tween them; that Is, conversations at which
both Dr. Pardee and Mr. Dalton were present,
concerning this matter prior to the "th day of
January. 180S? A. — I had conversations when
both were present.
q. when and through whom did you flrst
ascertain how many shares of stock Mr. Leach
had in the Oakland Enquirer Publishing Com
pany?. A. — Mr. Williams, I think,, was the
aiaa who told me flrst.
. q. What did he tell you? A. — My recollec
tion is that Mr. Leach said he had 325 share*.
q. Well, did Mr. Williams report to you
how much he would take for them. A. — Tea.
. Q._What did Mr. Williams say to you about
that? A. — Let's see. My recollection Is that
he said that Mr. Leach had 325 shares and
Mr Nye had about 100 shares that .would have
to "be included if his (Leach's) were sold, and
that they wanted $50,000 for it.
Q. — Were you present when the request was
made? A. — No, sir. •
Q. — How do you know that? A. — Simply on
Information.
• Q. — Did he draw a contract between you and
H. X. Dalton? A. — No, sir.
Q. — Were you present ¦ when that contract
was signed? A. — No. sir.
Q. — Do you know where it was signed? A. —
No. sir. .
Q. — Now, then, prior to the signing of this
agreement you had a talk with Henry P. Dal
ton about this matter, didn't you. acquiring
this stock? A. — Tes.
Refer to Contract.
WILLEMSTAD. island of Curacao. Feb.
10.— General Andrade, •' the former Presi
dent of Venezuela, who reached this isl
and recently, embarked on board the rev
olutionary steamer Libertador during the
night of February 7-8. The Libertador
landed a force of insurgents on the Vene
zuelan coast, and they subsequently took
possession of the village of Cumarebo, sit
utaed near La Vela ae Coro. The Vene
zuelan gunboat General Crespo, which at
tempted to prevent the landing, was fired
hew had been in several ardent political
fights in Alameda County with Dr. Par
dee and Henry P. Dalton, that he had al
ways been with them In all of their rights
and had never been against them. Then
back to the purchase of the paper went
the questions as follows:
Q. — As a matter of fact did you ever go and
talk to Mr. Leach about acquiring this stook
prior to the execution of this agreement of
January. '98? • A. — I think we did have some
conversation at one time. I don't remem
ber it.
Q.— Tou know Mr. Leach? A.— Yes. sir.
Q. — "What was your object In sending Mr.
"Williams to find out whether he wanted » to
sell his stock? Why didn't you bo yourself?
A. — Because I preferred to send Mr. Williams.
Q. — That was the only reason, was it?. A.—
That Is the reason.
Q. — And the only .one? A.>— Because I wished
to find out what he wanted to sell and what
he held.
Q. — And you knew him personally at that
time ? A. — Tes. sir. ¦ . '
Q. — Whom next did you speak to about ac
quiring that stock? A. — I don't know.
. Q. — Did you ever speak to H. N. Dalton
about it? A. — No. sir.
•Q. — Who drew the agreement of January.
1898? A. — J. C. Martin.
Q. — At whose request? A. — At the request
of H. P. Dalton.
EEVOLUTION" AGAINST
CASTRO IS GAINING
The Golden Gate Republican Club met
last evening at the Columbian building,
with President D. W. McNeill in the
chair. After the enrollment of thlrty
tnree new members the election of offi-
Golden Gate Republican Club.
It was stated inaccurately in The Call
a few days ago that 22.000 Republican
voters failed to support the Republican
nominee for Mayor at-the municipal elec
tion last November. WVlls received
1T.TIS votes. The Republican vote cast at
the general election of 1900 was 32,300.
The falling oft therefore amounted to
17.2S2 votes. When a rough and ready
Jsxty machine forces a nomination,
yrlthout giving delegates to a convention
the opportunity of discussing the charac
ter and fitness of candidates, the inde
pendent. anii-boF? Republican voters
generally give at the ballot-box an ob
ject lesson in machine smashing.
The region of country known as North
ern Caliiornia did not fare very well at
the hands of the Republican State Con
vention of 188S. The favored sons of the
north were turned down In monotonous
succession, but they stood manfully by
the ticket in the general election. The
news may cause a flutter of surprise In
Yuba and Sutter that Colonel E. A.
Forbes was tendered the appointment of
adjutant general to succeed the Jate Gen
erai W. H. Seamans. When the fact of the
tender was made known Senator W. M.
Cutter, secretary of the Republican State
Central Committee. advised General
Forbes against acceptance. The rumor
comes that the Senator is on the war
path. He wants no olive branches from
Governor Gage. His terse and vigorous
Ftyle of proclaiming his sentiments in
fluenced Colonel Forbes to decline the
honors of chief of staff. It is common
political gossip that Senator Cutter Is
himself an aspirant for. gubernatorial
honors. He ranks as one of the clever
est politicians in the State. He has dem
onstrated his skill as a leader in the
Assembly and Senate, and in many a
State convention has displayed the quali
ties of a successful tactician. Senator
Cutter may be able to win the support
of many delegcies to the convention from
the counties of Yuba, Sutter, Glenn, Co
lusa. Butte and Teharaa.
Did Kot Fare Well.
In the readjustment of Congressional
district lines ihe Legislature placed Sa:i
Jcaquin County, winch was formerly In
the Second District, into the Sixth. It is
well understood, however, that S. D.
Woods of San Joaquin, now in Congress
representing the fceeona District, will not
contend for nomination in the Sixth
against Mr. Needham. It is gossip in i»o
luical circles that Mr. Woods may be
placed on the State ticket for Lieutenant
Governor. It is only a step from San
Joaquin to the mountains, wnere the Ke
pubiscans are prone to go in quest of
good material for the second place on the
ticket. J. B. Reddick of Caiaveras was
put on the ticket for Lieutenant dovernor
by the convention which nominated H. H.
Markham for Governor, and Jacob H.
Neft gave strength to the ticket In 1S9S. If
the Republicans of the south redeem the
promise made at Sacramento in 1S9S to
nominate for Governor in 1902 a man from
Northern or Central California the Lieu
tenant Governorship will no doubt be
given to Southern California. Perhaps
Judge McKinley, the Los Angeles BbUi
who is a clever hand at the typewriting
machine, may be selected to go on Lhe
ticket with Preston. Flint, Cutter, Pardee
or Edson.
Transfers San Joaquin.
The Democrats arc preparing for a vig
orous light to break the solid Re
publican Congressional delegation of this
Slate* In the Sixth District there Is
talk in Democratic circles of nominating
Judge William Cor'.oy of Madera to run
Ejrainst Representative J. C Needham.
Mr. Conley is known as a vote-getter. In
i*T<S he was nominated by the Democrats
and Populists for Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court- He went down to defeat,
but the counties now comprising the Con
gressional district in which he resides
pave him in the aggregate a majority of
6000. When it comes to a turn at vote
geUrne Mr. Needham can hold his own
with the best man that the Democrats can
put in the field. His successful battles m
the old Seventh District in the campaigns
of 1S9S and 1?>J enlisted the admiration of
the Republican State Central Committet.-
As a debater on the platform and as an
all-around hustler for votes Needham is
fir&t-class. Under the new apportionment
which went into effect on the lirst day ot
this year the Sixth Congressional Distilc;
is composed of the counties of Sanui
Cruz, Monterey, San Benito, Fresno.
Kings, iladera, Merced, Stanislaus ana
San Joaquin.
Mr. Daniels declared that there were no
contracts or agreements between himself
and Dr. Pardee. H. P. Dalton or his father
and the. hearing went over until to-mor
row. ,
- I had no great amount of means
at that time, and I went to my
friends, Pardee and Dalton, and
talked the matter over with them,
showed them the result of the fig
ures that I- had taken from their
hooks, and the information -which
Mr. Leach had clvm Mr. Williams,
and asked them if I could make the
purchase nnd put up the stock n*
security. If they would indorse tny
nnper: and they said they would.
That was the result of «ome con
siderable conversation. Then, later
on. Mr. Leach, I believe, told 31 r.
Williams that they three. Mr. Leaeh.
Mr. >ye and Mr. Collins, had an
agreement that no one of them
shonld sell their stock without the
content of the third narty. and for
wome reason Mr. Collins, I believe,
declined to give his assent to the
sale: nnd at some Sater period the
negotiations n»K> r^onrneil thronarh
Dr. Pardee and Mr. Dalton at my re—
quest. Whether the first nropositlon
came from the hoders of the prop
erty, or -whether they saw them
••Irs't I don't remember,- If I ever
knew: xnd tbnt second negotiation
resulted ii» this agreement. That t»
all. Mr. Ach.
"Went to His Friends.
per were Dr. Pardee, Henry P. Dalton
and John 'Williams, though the purchase
was made by the witness. The line of
examination was as follows:
Q. Up to January 7, 1808,* from the
1st day of October, 1897, did yon
yourself conduct any of the negoti
ations which finally resulted In the
agreement between Dalton, Leach,
\yn and Collins t
A. .\o air.
(I- Do yon know who did? A. Yes
no I do not know; I do not know.
Q. As a matter of fact all the ne«
srotlatlonn for the purchase of this
stock which resulted In the agree
ment of January 7. 1SD8, so far a*
you know, were conducted on the
side of the buyer entirely by Wil
liams, Pardee and Dalton f
.A. All of the negotiations which
resulted In that agreement) yes.
Talked About the Stock.
Q.. Did Dr. Pardee report to you
that he had talked with Mr. Leach
about buying that stock f A. Yes,
> sir.
Q. Did Dr. Pardee report to yon
that he had talked with Mr. Leach
about buying: that stock for you f
A. Yen, sir..
! ft. And that It was for you that
1 the stock was being purchased. A.
Yes, sir.
Q. Did Henry P. Dalton report to
you that he had talked with Mr.
Leach about the purchase of that
stock. A. Yes, sir.
Q. And «!««! he report to -you that
he had informed Mr. Leach that It
was for you that the stock was be
ing purchased t A. Xo, sir.
Q. Did Dr. Pardee f A. Xo, sir.
Q. Did either Dr. Pardee or Henry
P. Dalton report to you that they
had carried on the*** negotiations*
-with Mr. Leach and Mr. -Yye and Mr.
Collins, or either of them. In your
name?
A. There -was no such report re
quired.
A series of questions followed as to
what part Mr. Daniels had played in the
negotiations, which resulted in Mr. Dan
iels, ssyina^ - - - " -__..»
I In order to save you a great deal
of trouble I might make you a little
explanation of that. I asked Mr.WU
much stock he held, and whether
he would sell it or not; and an the
result of a number of interview*,
and mome negotiations between Mr.
William* and Mr. Leach, Mr. Wil
liams Informed me tbnt Mr. Leaeh
would sell his ntock, together 'with
Mr. Sye'n, and the amount of money
it would take to buy it.
upon and badly damaged by the Uber
tador. The Crespo had her propeller shaft
broken.
The success of the Libertador has
caused a sensation at Caracas, whert*
great commotion prevails. The news re
ceived there from the interior of Vene
zuela Is not favorable to the Government.
It is announced the insurgents are very
active, especially in the vicinity of Bar
quesimito.
The revolution against President Castro
is gaining ground visibly.
WHATCOM, Wash.. Feb. 10.-When
about half-way through Deception Pas*
the steamer Dode, Captain Wiman, lost
her rudder at 2:30 o'clock this morning.
She was close to the rocky north side at
the time. Captain Wlman signaled "full
steam ahead" and was enabled to hold the
steamer's nose in such a position against
the rocks that she was kept from drifting
across the pass to possible destruction.
For two hours the steamer kept this
position. Then the tide changed and she
was enabled to drift to a place of anchor
age, where her passengers were taken off
by a passing steamer.
. A statement was signed by all the pas
sengers expressing their admiration for
the. captain in rescuing them from what
they termed "a most perilous situation."
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 10.— Captain Da
vis, who acted as pilot on the United
States steamer Graiit on her trip along
the west coast of Vancouver ¦ Island In
sVarch of the missing sloop of war,Con
dor, says that Captain Simpson of H. M.
S. Egeria, to whom Captain Tozier of the
Grant handed over the ship's boat picked
up by the Indians on .the coast, immedi
ately identified the boat as one from the
missing warship. No other wreckage was
found on the coast. To get the boat from
the Indians, Captain Tozier had to give
their chief his dress sword. ,
The Egeria continued the search out to
sea, and is now expected at Esquimau at
any time. *•',-"
Mr. Dunnan began life as a telegrapher
and ticket agent on the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroaa at Defiance, Ohio, in 1673,
remaining with that company until .Ii76,
when he was promoteu to the general of
fice of that company in Chicago. He re
signed in March. 1S7G. to accept a position
as manager of the American Telegraph
Company of Fort Wayne, Ind., resigning
from that company to accept service with
the Pennsylvania Company in September,
1S76. where promotion followed through
the train dispatcher's office to that of sec
retary to C. K. Gorham, the general man
ager* of the Pennsylvania Company in
Chicago, where he remained from 1878 to
1881, when he was appointed as assistant
city ticket agent for that company at Chi
cago. On December 1, 18S1, he was ap
pointed citv ticket agent for the Nickel
Plate at Chicago, remaining In that posi
tion until March. 1883, when he was-ap
pointed as the superintendent of the
western division of that company, which
position he held until July 15, 1886, when
he engaged with the Wisconsin Central as
Ticket a^ent at the opening of that road
out of Chicago. He resigned that position
August 1. 1SS7, to accept the position of
<ity passenger and ticket airent in Cnicago
of the Chicago and Great Western.
Railroad men are greatly interested in
the appointment of C* Dunnan. former
city passenger agent of the Chicago and
Great Western Railway Company nt Chi
cago, to the position of general passenger
asent 'of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, with headquarters* In this city.
Dminan's appointment will take effect on
March 1. and It is supposed that with
this nowly created position the company
will strive to secure more travel East via
the Great Northern Railroad. Whether
or not Dunnan will select a number ot
local railroad solicitors to help him in his
work is a subject of discussion. ,
Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
Srjeculate3 as to Aim of
Lifeboat Thus Obtained Is
Identified as One From
Lost Warship.
Senator Cutter Enters Arena
as Candidate for Gov
ernor.
Is Held Nose- On Against the
Rocky Shore Until Tide
Changes.
Democrats Put Forward
Conley to Oppose
Needham.
Grant's Captain Gives
'.Blade for Condor
Wreckage.
ception Pass.
Steamer Loses Rudder
in Treacherous De-
O. Dunnan's Appoint
ment Matter of Dis-'
cushion.
CONGRESSIONAL
FIGHT IN SIXTH
RAILRORD MEN .
ARE EXPECTANT
SIWASH SACHEM
GETS HIS SWORD
CAPTAIN'S TACT
SAVES THE SHIP
TESTIFIES THAT PARDEE CONFERRED
WITH LEACH REGARDING PURCHASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA1VL, TUESDAY, FE35EIJARY 11, 19O2;
14
M~ A. BBSS&r JSfi. fl. rHilllllHIII
' ¦ '
When you buy a piano buy it from a reliable dealer.
A piano is a companion of a lifetime, and pianos, like husbands,
can be good, bad or indifferent j
We can sell you a piano for $25, if you want one, and for $40, or $60,
or a thousand dollars.
We can sell you a better piano for $25 than you get elsewhere for $25,
and we can sell you a better piano for $500 than you can get elsewhere
for a like amount.
But we cannot do impossibilities — every piano we sellis backed by
our guarantee, and that guarantee means every word it. says.
Be careful in your choosing — go to a firm you know to be respon-
sible, see what they have. This costs you nothing but time and may
save you years of regret.
The House of Curtaz has been established in San Francisco for nearly
fifty years. We have the agency for the best pianos produced in the
world and guarantee every instrument we sell. ' , ,
We buy for cash, in carload lots, and are to-day the largest dealers
of pianos on the Pacific Coast. • /.
THE ONLY COMPETITION OF THE HOUSE OF CURTAZ
IS THE RECORD OF ITS OWN PAST, and every page of the record
of the House of Curtaz is a credit Jo the concern.
Benj. Curtaz a Son,
Agents for the ChicKering,
16-20 O'FARRELL ST;, S. P.
RDAIVrH T SAN JOSE3,
-. f STORES:1alamhda,
ISTOOKTON. •
The chief item of interest in our -Furnishing Depart-
ment this week is a hosiery special. The hose come in fast
black cotton yarn with embroidered designs in colors, such
as blue, white, cardinal, lavender, etc.; also in solid colors of
blue, brown and black grounds with harmonizing stripes;
the ljose sell regularly at 2 pair for 25c and 3 pair for 50c;
both lines are now priced at
10c a pair
It is economy to buy a box of a half dozen at this
price. We expect quite a run on the hosiery, so you had
better call early. . I
Oui-of-iovrn orders filled— writa us. y.
713 Market Street. J