PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 6 1.
SAN FRA^qiSCO, THURSDAY; JANUARY: 30, 1902.
Entire Department Pressed Into Service in^ Despera'e Effori: to
Hunt Down "Brownie," Who Is Believed to Be Hidden Away
by His Friends in a Cheap Lodging-House on the Tenderloin
POLICE MAKE INQUIRY AMONG
PHYSICIANS FOR SOME TRACE
OF OTHER WOUNDED FOOTPAD
Captain James A. Baker Also Gives Evidence Concerning His Re
lations With Albert T. Patrick, the Lawyer on :Tri^|foKAljeg|3
Murder of .Millionaire — Defendant's Efforts to Prevent Litigation
BANKER MELDRUM TESTI FIES
THAT RICE'S SIGNATURES ON
TWO CHECKS ARE FORGERIES
Expert ReportsfTliat Books
Only Slioyf: Clerical
• Discrepancies.
Gives No Rpon tor
His , Iffieipected . ; :
Puts Resi||iatioii
JntoHii; =
WILLIAMS
QUITS HIS
POSITION
•Mr. ¦Williams/" the clerk of
the Justices of | - the Peacs
whom I suspended some days
ago, this morning , presented
to me his resignation as clerk,
•which, of course ¦; disposes of
. the : proceedings' ' ; brought in
Judge Cook's court to restrain
me from proceeding to remove
him, and i which jj is a direct*
concession of nay power to re
move public ' ' officers under
I such circumstances as were
| charged against :- Mr. Will
, iams.— Excerpt | from state
ment made by Mayor Schtnitz.
;JUDGE : BEFORE WHOM tAWTER
; PATRICK IS BEING TRIED, AND
! vSOME- IMPORTANT . WITNESSES.
VIENNA, Jan. 29.— The
KTeues Weiner ' Tage-'
blatt has discovered
that the sale of the
Philippine Islands to Ger
many by the United States is
probable. The paper.says.ne
gotiations to this end have
been proceeding for some time.
It adds that the visit of Prince
Henry to the United States is
preliminary to the announce
ment that the islands have
been sold. The paper adds
that the transference will be
partly compensated for . in
money and partly in political
and commercial i concessions.
Other powers are fully cogni
zant of the negotiations. Re
sentment from Russia and
Great Britain is expected. . ¦
DECLARES UNCLE
SAM W IILL SELL
THE PHILIPPINES
Continued' but Page- Two. •
• ¦¦:.¦ ...•:¦¦,¦ ¦ ¦
Edmund Edmlrrster's preliminary ex
amination on seven charges of burglary
In the Mission district was held before
Judge Mogan yesterday. The Judge held
him to answer on the seven ] charges In
$2000 bonds . on each charge, making $14,
000 altogether. He has made as . macb]
restitution as possible to the people hq
robbed. "•—— -*»" •-«*•-• * - /-»
Mission Burglar Held.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— Special ' dispatches
received here from Vienna report that in
a duel fought at Cattaro, Dalmatia.. Aus
tria-Hungary, between the hereditary
Prince of Montenegro,\Denelo Alexander,
and his brother, Prince Mlrko, on account
of the latter having ridiculed the wife" of
his brother. Princess Jutta, the Duchess
of Mecklenburg, Prince Denelo was slight
ly wounded, but has. since gone '"with his
wife to : visit : the . Italian • court h -^
Alexander of Montenegro to
Fight a Duel.
Ridicule of a Wife Causes Denelo
HEREDITARY PRINCE .
Z-TiM WOUNDED BY HIS BROTHER
""^A. Albrecht. a waiter living at 1913
Stockton ' street, reported to the police
yesterday that while on his way home be
tween 1 and 2 o'clock Sunday morning ha
was struck on the forehead by a man at
Stockton and Filbert streets and knocked
down. L. F. ' Reubold of 1035 ' Union street
ran to Albrecht' s assistance and took him
to his home. No money was taken from
Albrecht. "
Albrecht Knocked Down.
The boy vorked for Burns, and it was
his duty to open the place of business
every morning. Two bullet holes through
the window of the store and a number o"
boles in the woodwork and showcases In
dicated that the boy had defended the
property of his employer from robbers
:wlth his life. -
CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— Mystery surrounds
the death of 17-year-old Horace Schroe
eler, who was lound dead face downward,
ivith a bullet hole in his heart early to
day on the floor of p. C. Burns' gTocery
store, Sacramento avenue and Lexington
street. Beneath the body, was found a
ha.g ot coins and bills, the changre .. used
in the grocery. Near by lay a revolver,
four chambers of which had recently
been emptied.
Robbers in a Chicago
Grocery Store.
"DETENUS EMP'LOYEIl'S
MONEY WITH HIS LIFE
Toxuig Horace Schroeder Slain oy
• The plans of the robbers had been re
vealed: to the Athens officers, who came
here to-day and with the local j officers
secreted themselves In the : house. Upon
the appearance, of the robbers, a battle
ensued and both were' killed and the of
ficers named wounded. The dead robbers
were known as Harvey^ Williams /and
John Lyle. They, had been. leaders 'of a
gang which had committed many, bur
glaries in this I section. ,
GALLIPOLIS. Ohio. Jan. 29.-Two no
torious burglars and cracksmen are dead
Deputy 1 : Sheriff W . S. Mannering Is . se
verely wounded and Marshal Peter FJtz
enwarld. is mortally wounded as the re
sult of : an attempt to rob "Mrs.. -Mary
Priest, an .aged and . wealthy widow of
this city, to-night.
Deaths.
Woman Results in Two
Attempt to Steal From a Wealthv
E OBBERS ARE KII,t,ED
m: FIGHT JW-pTH OFFICERS
•It developed ' yesterday that "Brownie",
did nonreturn, to the Turk-street house
after 'the murder In the Mission. The
man who t left the.. Turk-street "den on
Wednesday^ with ,"Kid" Goucher 'Was
VSllppery Sam," the mulatto, who. was
ona-of J the -band.;-;!'Slipi>ery i: Sam",-and
The detectives 'are ransacking- the ten
derloin ? rooming-houses i , in their ; diligent
search;' for some .trace .of "Brownie," -or
Minnie Randolph,' who i is - believed : to" be
with him. —i ¦¦-_• ¦-¦¦¦•¦¦-¦¦ — ~_~- : ...
Searching for "Brownie."
"The detailed, story of the robbers' opera
tions on the night : of Robinson's murder,
together with the announcement of the
facts that. "Brownie" fired the first shot
at Robinson and was subsequently hit
twice by bullets from the dying officer's
revolver arid that- there; were; six - men
in the (desperate gang instead of three, all
I of "which was -exclusively published - in
yesterday's issue of , The. Call, created' a
in the city. . ;
,'<¦ liceman *; Robinson •. the ..' morning
the organized; band of/ thugs murdered
that -brave officer, and. that he" is, still se
cretedin one of "the cheap lodging-houses
in the tenderloin. As soon as the police
received- the information that . "Brownie'.'
was. wounded, twice" in the '.terrible, early
morning -battle with r Policeman Robinson
Chief Wittman notified the street officers
to visit every- physician on their beats and
ascertain if at'any time after the. morn-
Ing ; Robinson -. was \ murdered i he had
treated, any person for. gun shot^ wounds.
This inquiry^ was; diligently. 'pressed „yes
terday,'.but whether or not. the police dis
covered", anything, that w,ould' strengthen
their belief "that . "Brownie" was so .badly
wounded' that he .needed medical- atten
tion is not' known. : On. this point, both
Chief Wittman arid Captain Seymour are
non-committal;*: ; . : '. • ; ,
THE,polidfe..'afe now working on the
1 theory, that Frank Brown, alias
.'. "Brownie," <alias '•"-'.-"."St./. ;Louis
: Frank," was .shot twice by Po-
' Ex-Senator Goucher, father of Allan
Goucher.' is still in the city, and he in
tends to remain here until the police in
vestigation into his son's alleged complic
ity with Jack Wade, alias Daly, and the
rest of the band is finally ended. Sen
ator Goucher is , grief-stricken over jtho
terrible shame that his wayward son has
brought to the family. Senator Goucher
firmly believes in his son's innocence, and
he intends to do all in his power to aid
the ¦ police to locate him. Mrs. ¦ Goucher
is almost heart-broken over the disgrace,
but she cannot believe that her son is
guilty. of murder. Senator Goucher called
on Captain Seymour last night and had
quite a lengthy consultation with him.
Captain Seymour feels tenderlyN for
Goucher fn his present troubles, and he
therefore made as little reference as pos
slbfe to young Goucher'3 part In the
crime." . i . • '
Senator Goucher Grief-Stricken.
The ; police are satisfied that, they will
have the murderers in the toils before tho
week is out. • ' ~- : : - K$
half-world revealed the fact that Spen
cer, whose father is a prominent lawyer
in Kansas, Is still in the city, or at least
he was up to several days ago. He did
not, so these who know, say, run around
with the thugs who murdered Robinson.
\ Sheriff ; Durbin sentTa ..description of
"Kid". Goucher which. is. very. good except
as, to ; his weight. - Durbin guesses his
weight at 160 pounds, but those who know
Goucher, Intimately say that he does not
weigh : more : than 135 or 140 pounds at tho
outside." 1 Sheriff.' Durbin's description , of
the suspect.is as follows: Age 21, height
five feet "eight -. or t« n ' J nc .' le3 » weight • 160
pounds, dark « complexion, small - mole on
siue of- cheek, smooth face. ¦ (
- A - search •'. among-; tho - denizens . of - the,
The* description of Spencer which, ac
'com'pahled the sketches does not agree
with' "Brownie's" description. Sheriff
Durbin describes Spencer as being about
26 or' 27 years of age, rather dark, height
five, feet i six inches, weight 150 pounds,
.complexion light, burn scar on right wrist,
stooped shoulders, addicted to the use of
opium or morphine. This description does
riot fit "Brownie," who Is "a' rugged, lusty
f ello'w with •*. a ¦ big mustache 'i. which , has
been recently, dyed. ' "Brownie 1 * ' is • about
the same weight, and height 'as Sheriff
DurbinV suspect Spencer.
A : Faulty Description.
: There Is little doubt as to the Identity
of Goucher, "as ! several , people who know
him, recognized the picture sent by Sheriff
Durbin. -,; As far as Spencer is concerned,
however/ there is a' grave doubt that he
was "one " of j the men who had a hand in
Robinson's murder. - Sheriff ; Durbin, in
his . letter "to" Chief Wittman, stated j that
he believed Spencer to be "Brownie," the
:much-wanted 'murderer, ¦ Investigation,
disproves ; this; theory.. Spencer does not
resemble . Brownie in any particular. .
. . Chief .Wittman received „ two pen and
ink sketches .of "Kid" Goucher-and ! one
of a thief '"named R."D. Spencer • yester
day morning; from Sheriff. Durbin of Ma
rlon. County, .Oregon, which were made
while the men were serving a five months*
sentence in ¦• the Jail at Salem on charges
of larceny. ' . ... ,:' ' '*;' - . .
women who i lived upstairs.
Goucher were seen leaving the house
about noontime Wednesday by one of the
t.-. sq DWARD W.~- WILLIAMS, clerk
of -the: Justices' Courts, ¦ yester
'j, day placed his resignation in the
, . .|^hands!Q{, I^^yor^Schmitz. [ s Wii
7 Hams was suspended, abme days,
ago by the Mayor, who charged him. with
having neglected his duties and. in the
company of several of • his deputies ' fre
quented the . racetrack, to the neglect of
the business of the city. .
Mayor [ Schmltz placed Cyril Williams,
the city's expert, at work on Williams*
books,^ and the following' day Harry F.
Morris, a trusted employe of the Rauer
Collection Company, confessed- to having
withheld $124 in fees, j which he* had
marked paid upon the books of. the de
posed clerk. Morris made a tender of
this amount to the Mayor and it was later
conditionally accepted and is now in the
Mayor's safe.
While the expert was examining the
books Williams surrendered to Powel
Fredrick, whom tho Mayor appointed as
his successor, the keys and combination
of the safe. An examination of the con
tents of the safe showed that there was
$530 therein, which . Williams . said was
made up of fees due upon cases on ap
peal to the Superior Court. The charge
for an appeal is ?7, of which $6 is sent to
the County Clerk when the cases, "go
up," and $1 is retained as fees for the
support of the "Justices' ' Courts and is
later deposited in the city treasury.
"Williams made no objection to turning
over to me the combination of the safe
or the keys to the cashbox," said Acting
Clerk Fredrick yesterday. "1 deposited
the money in : the city treasury as a spe
cial deposit.' In some of 'these cases time
for appeal is limited to five days and in
others to thirty days. Williams said that
Included in the $530 was some money put
up as bonds. Personally I do not know
of any defalcation." \
Trifling "Errors in Books.
Expert Cyril Williams concluded his ex
amination* of Clerk Williams' books last
night and will make his report to the
Mayor to-day. He said: •
With the money -found in the safe, and the
$124 turned in by Morris, Williams', books bal
ance. ; I found- a few trifling clerical errors,
but these were easily explained and the differ
ences, if any. are very slight. 1 examined
the books for the last six months, but may ba
ordered by the Mayor to go over them for a
longer period. .There was nothing of a start
ling nature discovered during my examination.
Early - yesterday niornirig Clerk • •Wil
liams sent : to Mayor Schmitz the follow
ing letter of resignation:- '
Hon. E. Ej Bchmltz. Mayor of the City, and
County of San Francisco: The undersigned
hereby presents. his resignation as chief clerk
of, the Justices of ; the* Peace of the city and
county of San Francisco, to take effect imme
diately. ," . e. w. wiLLi.vpis. ¦¦•;.
Mayor -Schmltz was absent from the
city during the- day. arid late last ; night
issued the following" statement regarding
the matter: ',.;'•':'*^ . - • V.- 1 '.*^; ¦ V^ri,^:
Mr. Williams, the clerk of the Justices of the
Peace, -whom I suspended some days ago,' this
morning ; presented r to -me. hist resignation as
clerk, .which, of , course. ' disposes • of the -pro-.
ce'e'dlngV' brought; In r Judge Cook's court to re
strain me from, proceeding to remove him,
and which -is a direct concession of % my power
to remove • public "officers under ' such circum
stances as were, charged against Mr. v Williams.
• The* presentation- of ' the | resignation Is' not a
final vacating": of thei office, , because I do not
propose; to accept' the' resignation until »such
time as I shall be absolutely certain as , to who
has the; unquestioned _ right) of appointing >.' to
fill the vacancy . when It shall ' arise.* It /will
not do . to complicate the ' proceedings of the
Justices' r Court "by; havingj_ two" appointees
claiming equal right 1 to^ administer the. duties
of the clerk' 8 .office. > and Inasmuch; as my ' ap-'
ONE OFPOLICEMAN ROBINSON'S MURDERERS AND A BOLD CROOK WHOM SHERIFF DURBIN OF MA
RION COUNTY. OREGON, BELIEVES TO BE, "BROWNIE." BOTH CRIMINALS SERVED SENTENCES OF
FIVE" MONTHs'lN THE SALEM JAIL ON CHARGES OF LARCENY.
relative to litigation he was involved in.
¦ ! The prosecution . has been endeavoring
to prove that Patrick and Rice never met.
When Assistant District Attorney Osborn,
for the people, offered the 1S96 will in evi
dence as to the genuineness of the signa
ture Attorney Moore, for the defense, ob
jected.-.declaring that the. ruling of tho
Court of Appeals in the Molineux . case
was pertinent. After listening to Moore,
who argued that the' document was im
proper and Irrelevant as evidence, Re
corde.r .Goff sustained the ' objection.
- On cross-examination Captain Baker
said he was almost sure Patrick, was not
present- at hearings In the matter. of the
litigation over Rice's will that were held
in Rice's apartment? during "three days.
Attorney Moore then took up the record
of the hearings in Patrick's case .before
The Chancellor, therefore, was nego
tiating with the different Federal govern
ments with the view of removing the ex
isting disabilities of Catholic subjects.
The Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg and the
Duchy of Brunswick had already agreed
to enact laws granting Catholics liberty
of public worship.
BERLIN. Jan. 29.— In the Reichstag to
day the Imperial Secretary of State for
the Interior. Count von Posadowsky-Weh
ner. In the absence of the Imperial Chan
cellor, Count von Bulow, announced In
behalf of the latter that while the Im
perial Government did not intend to in
tervene In favor of the constitutional
status of the Roman Catholics. in the
various States, it was desirable to secure
uniformity of law on this subject.
GERMANY MAY GIVE. , -
CATHOLIC PRIVILEGES
Imperial Secretary Announces That
Uniformity of Law Is to -f
Be Desired.
the murder of William M. Rice;
almost the entire two sessions cf caurt b? T
Ing taken up with his cross-examination.
The captain admitted that he had ex
pressed no opinion as to the genuineness
of the signatures of various papers bear
ing Rice's name, and which he now calls
forgeries, until he had obtained the opin
ion of handwriting experts. He. further
more admitted that Patrick before his ar
rest had told him he desired a full inves
tigation of his relations with the aged
millionaire. The witness, too. declined to
E»car positively that Patrick was. not
present in Rice's apartments when the old
man was at or.e time making depositions
TORK, Jan. 29.— Capta'.n
| James A. Baker again occupied
X the witness chair at the trial of
"^ Lawyer Albert T. Patrick for
SARATOGA, N. Y., Jan. 29.-Caleb' W.
Mitchell, who has been a prominent figure
hero for more than thirty years, shot and
killed -himself -at* the door of the office of
State 'Senator. Brackett ' to-day. Mitchell
was formerly village president of Sara
toga, ;but was legislated out of office sev
eral years ago. Until within the last year
Mitchell had a saloon and clubhouse here,
which was recognized as a sporting head
quarters, but it was closed by the village
authorities. Afterward Mitchell tried to
bring.about .the closing of , the Saratoga
Club, but; was unsuccessful. At one time
he- conducted restaurants in New York
City and Washington. He was the fifth
member of his family to commit suicide,
and he is. believed to have been mentally
unbalanced for an extended period.
New York, Adds to: Tragie
,' Record, : '..
Well-Known Resident of Saratoga,
FIFTH OF A FAMILY "
V- ¦ - - ; TO COMMIT SUICIDE
; Norman -Mefdrum, a banker, testified
that the-signatures on, the ?65,CO0 and $25,
000 checks were forgeries. •
, At the, first interview between the wit
ness and Patrick the defendant said the
checks beariop Rice's name , had. been
given in settlement of Rico's will.. Baker
said 'Patrick' told* him- that an agreement
existed jwhereby Rice's estate under the
1300 will was"" to be disbursed in charity.
Patrick also, said it made "Jio pecuniary
difference to, him which will was pro
bated—that he wanted the witness to
make a complete investigation- of the
whole matter, and that he had deposited*
the check for $135,000 on the Fifth Avenue
Trust Company,, which- had been certified
to,' to nwait' the result of the investiga
tion. ¦
a magistrate and before. Justice Jerome.
The witness did not remember that he tes
tified at either of these hearings to the
effect, that Patrick had offered to" give
three, four or five millions of dollars to
the W. fo. Rice 'institute 'to stave off liti
gation. He thought he had not testified
that Patrick offered him a large remuner
ation to permit the admission of the 1900
will: ..' \ . - •; .....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLEDITORS OF LOCAL JOURNALS
WHO WILL. BE MADE HUSBAND
AND WIFE THIS EVENING.
:' : .- ; ;; '~;-' -¦''-'. -:':^- ¦ : i.;. ; '.C •• *
PORT TOWNSEND.* Jan. 29.— Brooding over
the wreck of his saloon in the storm of last
w«ek in Port. Angeles, Thomas Money blew out
his brain's 'this iribrninsr. "-". . " ..
• SEATTLE, Jan. 29.— Mail advices from Val
dpz. Alaska, report : that Horace •: Tuf fln, I one
of the carriers employed to carry mail ; on- th*
All-American route between .Valdez and Eatrle
City,. was frozen to death a few days ago
STOCKTON, Jan." 29.— Frank M. Brown,
a' well-known farmer, living at Eillott, In
the northeastern ¦• section of the county;
was severely wounded to-day "by an en
rased sow. The animal mangled his left
hand and It - is doubtful : If the . member
can be saved. Brown ¦ went ; into ; the pen
xrhere the animal had a litter of pigs and
the animal attacked him. She grabbed his
left hand and crunched the bones so "that
several of them had to be removed, by. a
Burgeon. :'•; ;...: V
Bitten by a Maddened Sow.
Will "Welcome Mayor Schmitz.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29.— The working men
will turn out in force to-morrpw nlghf
and welcome. Mayor -: Schmltz . ,of • • San
Francisco. at the big- benefit : entertain
ment to be given -the striking ironwork
ers of San » Francisco at Turn .Verein
Hall. *" '¦ . . *'..**¦' ¦ — . :
: \NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— A: preliminary,
report the | operations .of : the
United States Steel Corporation since' it
came into existence ten months ago was
made ' , to the stockholders ! to-day. It was
a :. forerunner , to the '• more ' extended ¦ re
sume to 'be submitted at the annual gen
eral meeting on February 17, and was de
signed to, familiarize "the shared owners
with", the : financial status of the company
and the 'trade situation . and the trada
market where It buys and sells. The re
port; signed by . both Charles M.- Schwab
and - Elbert > H. Gary, declared the ¦ pres
ent ! business and ; future outlook / viewed
ahead through 1902 to be highly satisfac
tory. >.;:_ •• ";;. ¦¦'_,_ ' . -.
1__I_1__LI^ ¦¦'.'. ' *-* * - : * ' • •- -.
Business Outlook Is Bright.
Snow fell at Flagstaff and rain, at Phoe
nix and Yuma. The temperature at Yuma
was lower yesterday than it has > been In
many years, and it was said last night
that sno w_ might be falling there this
morning. Snow, sleet and .. rain /fell at
San Diego and Los Angeles throughout
the das'. ¦ • ¦ -
The Weather Bureau officials say that
this winter's climatic conditions are very
unusual. The cause of. the ; frequent
changes In the weather. is said to be dis
turbances in air pressure. < •
as far south as the Columbia River.
Forecaster McAdie states that the coast
of Northern California will have snow, as
far down as Cape Mendocino.' It . ls quite
possible, he says, that there may be a
snow squall In San Francisco.
Reports received by the Weather. Bu
reau from the north last night state that
a severe snowstorm Is on the way. to Cali
fornia from the Sound country. --"At '% 6
o'clock the" snow had commenced to fall
Francisco May Have & Snow-:,"
Squall."" • ,\ ',
Forecaster McAdie States That San
STOEMS RAGE IN MANY ¦-.
PACIFIC COAST CITIES
ST. PAUL., Minn. t Jan. 29.— Governor
Van Sant to-day replied to the - petition
from Minneapolis business men who ask
ed him to cease his fight on the so-called
railroad ", merger. The letter is addressed
to Janney, Semple, Hill- & Co., and the
Governor says:
"I beg to acknowledge receipt of a pe
tition from ypu and numerous other gen
tlemen doing'business in the city of Min
neapolis, proposing 'that no immediate
action be taken against , the Northern Se
curities Company,' and 'that a fair, op
portunity for testing by experience
whether good or evil. will come from that
company' be given. , x >.
"The consolidation of the Northern Pa
cific and the Great' , Northern Railroad
companies, through the organization of
the Northern Securities -Company, is
clearly a violation of the State statutes.
I obligated • myself when I was Inaug
urated by the State' to enforce the laws
thereof. '•¦. ']•
'.'It is my bounden duty to prevent if
possible the consolidation referred to, be
cause such consolidation is in violation of
the I clear and unmistakable provisions of
the laws 'Which have been on the statute
books for over a quarter of a century.
"Not only. the letter of the law. but
also ; the •¦ settled policy of this State is
against the consolidation of parallel and
competing railroad lines. Competition in
the matter) of rates always has been and
ever will be beneficial to the people, I and
no specious argument or statement • from
those desiring to do away with such com
petition is. sufficient to meet plain' facts
derived from common experience.
"However, 'the question whether .the
law is wise or, unwise does; not confront
me. The law exists and has been.vio
lated. My duty is plain. .1 therefore must
respectfully decline to comply with the
requests -.contained ' in " your -petition, and
shall r continue . as •-' vigorously ' as possible
to vindicate the laws of our State."
At another point Dr. Wiley said it was
a, question whether, the relief sought for
Cuba would have the effect of killing out
right the cane and ¦ beet : sugar \ Industry
of this country, or merely paralyzing
them, rendering the patient a burden to
his " friends." But it seemed perfectly cer
tain, he said, that there would be no'fur
ther factories and Investments In this line
in this country. : Probably there would be
feeble efforts to save things from the
wreck, but Dr. Wiley, said there would no
longer ¦ be. the .work of a young giant of
protection.' ." • • - .=.-•:,..
¦ . ' ¦ ' -
The cause of the trouble they - are flghtinc
is not In the tariff duties of th« United States
but la the over-production of sugar, due to
bounties granted by Europe. Their cause
should be pleaded in the parliaments of Europe
not in that of America. ¦- Their suits shonld
go before the Relehstag. the Bundearath and
the Corps LeglslaUf. and not before- the Amer
ican Congress. Th« place to plead their cause
is before the Congress of Brussels, not befora
tne\Ways and Means Committee of the Con
gress of the United , States.
. Dr. Wiley expressed the opinion, how
ever, that the beet sugar would never ex
tinguish the cane product, as the latter
bad certain special uses. Dr. Wiley's em
phatic declaration that Cuba's appeal to
the United States was misplaced and
would not afTord - relief attracted much
attention. This came- after he had shown
that the European bounty and."kartel"
systems were the controlling factors In
tne sugar situation. The Cuban planters
had .prospered, he said, under - the . Span
ish regime; and why, should they now lay
their, misfortune to the breaking -of the
Spanish yoke? Under such circumstances
it mieht be best -to lead them , back to
Spain. Dr. Wiley then said:.
Dr. H. W. -Wiley., chief of the Bureau
of Chemistry, Department of Agriculture,
was before the Ways and. Means Com
mittee to-day. in connection' with the Cu
ban reciprocity question. His statement
covered the scientific, phases of the pro
duction of sugar from beets, cane, etc.,
and the development of the respective in
dustries. By means of charts he showed
the comparative insignificance of, the beet
sugar industry in 1855. when most of the
sugar was made from cane. Since then
conditions have • reversed, until now the
greater part of the sugar production Is
from beets. Much the larger- part of this
production was in Europe, the product in
America being comparatively , small.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.-The Republi
can ' members of ,th© Ways • and •¦ Means
Committee held a private conference to
night and decided to frame a bill for the
reduction of war revenue taxes before
proceeding further with the subject of
Cuban reciprocity.
Chairman Payne at once called a meet
ing of the. full committee for, to-morrow
morning, when work on the war revenue
reduction bill will begin. No draft of a
bill has been prepared by. the Republican
members, but it ; is pretty fully under
stood that the majority is prepared to fa
vor ¦ a measure effecting very - large re
ductions, amounting practically to a re
peal of the . entire' war, taxes and aggre
gating about $68,000,000.
The restriction of recent hearings to
beer and tea led to the belief that reduc
tions might be confined to these two arti
cles, but the sentiment of the majority
now appears to be favorable to a. much
larger, reduction." At .the conference to
day it was the prevailing view that* as
Cuba has been the cause for incurring
the war revenue taxes the burden should
be removed from this country before con
sidering the extent of relief to be granted
to Cuba. The question of what percent
age of reduction in tariff rates would be
made for Cuba was not considered at the
meeting to-night owing to the determi
nation to leave this until after the war
revenue ' reductions • had [ been accom
plished. - . ,.
"Atcan early hour this morning It was
announced; it was said, on the authority
ol '• the I Justices of the Peace, that at a
meeting, of the Justices held last night,
all being with the exception of
Justice Groezinger, ¦ who is • still ill; that
Edward Williams had been removed from
his position and that Joseph A. : Windrow
had been selected to fill the vacancy.
¦.The Justices of the, Peace were not
aware at the time the removal of Wil
liams was made that he had tendered his
resignation to >. the Mayor. -;¦'¦¦¦ •. .,
• "We removed 'Williams," said Justice of
the Peace Daniels; "because he, was lax in
his ; duties ah did not properly attend to
them. Windrow is a Deputy* Sheriff
and has been acting as bailiff In-Jurlee
Coffey's and Judge Cook's courts. He was
at one time in charge of one of the Branch
County Jails. -
The section of the charter relating to
the selection of a clerk for the Justices'
Courts is contained in article -V, chapter
7, section 1, and reads as follows:, -; v
Section 1 — The Justices of ¦" the Peace shall
each receive an annual salary of $2400, except,
the presiding Justice, who shall receive $2700.
They shall appoint a chief clerk, who shall hold '
office for two years, and receive an r annual
salary of $2400. The chief clerk may appoint
five ' deputies, each of whom shall receive an
annual salary of $1200.',- ; ,
An interesting question arises now as
to whom is delegated the * power to ' ap
point a successor to Clerk Williams. The
latter C was elected at the beginning of
ihe year* for two years by the unanimous
vote of the present members of the Jus
tices'. Courts. As the report of the expert
Indicates his books are clear, /conse
quently, there is no apparent: reason why
they; might not again. select him for that
office.-' : ;-.:•. : v ¦ ¦ l * "r, '.,- ¦ .
I do .iot, of course, know what actuated! Mr.
Williams in thus . summarily ending the pro
ceedings, but I am satisfied with the results.
Williams has not been : around the
office lately occupied by him for the- last
two days and rumors -were current that
he had left the city. Inquiry at Williams'
home resulted in the re$ly that all day
yesterday he was in consultation with hi\»
brother-in-law, former District Attorney
Snook of Alameda County, and would be
at home at a late hour. -
.The expert has reported that the books of the
office which he has' examined, disclose only
clerical irregularities, except as to the Rauer-
Morris transactions.
-I have never had any doubt, nor have I now,
of my right to Euspend Mr. Williams during an
investigation and to appoint" a temporary ofn
clalin his place, nor of my right to remove
him upon proof of the acts charged agalri6t
him. g Mr. Fredrick' ls now . discharging - the
functions of his office ; and' every ..act is* of
course a legal act. I shall therefore allow mat
ters to : remain in abeyance for , a few days.
It 'Is possible that I may see fit not to acct.
this . resignation and still to exercise my pre
rogative of removing Mr.' Williams on "- the
charges now pending, namely,, of neglecting
the 1 duties of his office and absenting himself
therefrom. ':.--• ,¦ <- . ••' ¦ .' -
Mayor Confident of His Position.
polntee pro tem., Mr. Fredrick, has an abso
lute-right legally to discharge the duties of
the office until a vacancy shall be legally
created and declared, no harm can come by
allowing matters to remain in statu quo for
a little time. . ¦ v :. ;,'--'
Governor of Minnesota
Speaks of Railroad
Affair.
Republican Lawmakers
Agree Upon a House
Measure.
MERGER FIGHT
MUST CONTINUE
WILL REDUCE
THE WAR TAX
Continued From Page One.
NO CENSORSHIP,
SAYS GREELY
Chief Signal Officer
Writes About Press
Dispatches.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 29.— For an
hour to-day the Senate had under discus-'
sion whether jn censorship of press dis
patches exists In Manila. While no such
turbulent scenes as those of yesterday
.were enacted, tho debate for a time was
very spirited.
The Secretary of "War was quoted as
saying that no press censorship now ex
isted in the Philippines and a letter from
General Greely, chief signal • officer of the
army, was presented by Beveiidge of In
diana, making the statement official, that
there was ; no censorship of • ' press dis
patches and that "the press ts entirely
free.'! ,
It Was contended by the opposition that
a press censorship did exist in the Phil
ippines and that copies of every news
dispatch filed with the cable company
was filed with the military authorities.
That, 1 it was maintained, constituted a
virtual censorship. S3QiKKati9
The House to-day adjourned after be
ing in session twenty-flve minutes. Hop
kins of Illinois .reported 'the* permanent
census bill and gave notice that ha
would call it up. to-morrow. A request to
make the oleomargarine bill a special
order for next Monday was objected to
on the Democratic side.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan 29.—Her
bert C. Jones of Colleg© Park has been chosen
class orator of the senior class of 1902.
AUBURN. Jan. 29.— Two tramps, frozen
to death, were taken from a westbound
train at Coif ax last night. The men had
tied themselves together to a brakebeam
for the trip over the mountains on what
proved to be their death journey. *:• • :,
Perish During a Ride Over the Moun
tains to the Land of Sun- *
shine. y .'•' '
TWO FBOZEN TBAMPS ABE;
FOUND OK" BBAKEBEAM. I
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 29.— A heavy rain
fell here this afternoon and evening and
continues to-night. It is the first' big
rain 'in many months and if it continues
for a day or two will insure gooo. crops.
Snow is falling in the mountains.
'PORT TOWNSEND, Jan. 29.— This sec
tion of Puget Sound and the straits of
Fuca were visited by a severe snowstorm
early this morning. The wind blew a gale
from the southeast, causing the snow to
drift to a considerable depth. Boats ar.
riving from down the straits report the
storm- very severe, with little prospect of
abatement for several days.
Rainstorm in Arizona-
THE marriage of Aaron H. Powers,
manager of the .Retail, Grocers':
Advocate, and Mrs. Rose E. Rob
inson, publisher of the Baptist
Church News, will be solemnized
at the residence of the groom 1 , 1940 Web
ster street, this evening. The officiating
clergyman will be Rev. E. A. Woods, pas-
the history of the county. Waterpipes
were frozen and sheets ot ice formed on
shallow pools. The damage to young
fruit trees has not yet been announced,
but it is feared that it will be consid
erable as little smudging has been done.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 29.— The morn
ings remain clear and cold in this city,
while a change is noticeable during the
afternoons, the weather warming up con
siderably. This morning there was more
frost on the ground than for the past fe*v
days The recent rains and snowstorms
in the adjoining mountain sections have
been of benefit, green feed having started.
Hay remains at %1 and $7 50 in the stack
and but little is to be, had at that price.
STOCKTON, Jan. 29.— All the good done
by recent rains to the grain is being
rapidly undone by a cold north wind that
has been blowing over this part -of the
county since early this morning. Though
the sky was clear and the sun was out
to-day ice remained in gutters and small
puddles. Farmers predict that rain will
follow the windstorm.
WILLIAMS " QUITS HIS POSITION,
The bride-to-be is a charming young
woman and daughter, of C E. Welby, a
well-known cattle man, formerly a-resi
dent of this city but now living in Merced
County. She is of a literary ,_ turn of mind,
as her connection with the local Baptist
publication testifies. The groom was con
nected with the locai press for many
years, and since his connection with the
organ of the retail grocers has doneihuch
to perfect the organization of ; the grocers,
not only in San Francisco, but through
out the State. . ,. , .'*
The groom is a native son and a gradu
ate of the State University, class of '89.
He is a son of A. H. Powers, a pioneer
vineyardist of Fresno County, where he
took a prominent part in organizing the
raisin combine. He is at the present time
president of the Producers' Raisin Pack-,
ing Company. A brother of the groom is
Frank H. Powers, a local attorney." .
tor of the First Baptist Church.
After, the ceremony there will be a re
ception to friends from 8 to 11 o'clock. The
couple will then depart on a bridal tour
to the southern part of -California, where
they will remain for three weeks. On their
return they will make their home on Web
ster street.
The wedding will be private, only the
relatives and immediate friends of • the
contracting couple having been invited to
attend. W. J. S. Powers will.be grooms
man and Miss Jennie Powers will be,
bridesmaid. ..
FRESNO. Jan. 29.— The temperature at
2 a. m. to-day was 24 degrees, the lowest
recorded in fourteen years at the local
bureau and with the single exception of
cne day In January, 1SS8, the lowest In
In the San Joaquin Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 29.— A cold snap
ttruck this city several days ago. On Sun
day morning the mercury dropped to 14,
on Monday it touched 19 and yesterday It
fell to 13 above. The ground has been
frozen solid all the week, gutters are cov
ered with Ice and water pipes are freezing
and bursting. To prevent the general
bursting of pipes many hydrants hava
been left running all night, entailing a
great waste of water. Owing to the low
ness, of the water In the city reservoir
system the City Trustees met this after
noon and decided to shut down the head
gate, cutting off a third of the supply.
Action was taken to prevent the turning
open of hydrants at night. If the freeze
continue the city officials will wrap all the
fire hydrants in straw and burlap to keep
them ready for use.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 29.— Heavy frosts
have accompanied the cold wave.' but no
reports of damage to fruit have come in.
Orchardists say this weather is Just what
Sonoma County wants for a month yet, as
it will keep the fruit buds back and pre.
vent their being nipped by late frosts. The
grain ls not yet up far enough to be dam
aged by the frost.
SAN JOSE, Jan 29.-A fierce north wind
raged here from midnight until daylight
this morning. At times the rate was more
than forty miles an hour. The streets
were swept clean, display signs were torn
down and early blossoms of the almond
trees were stripped from the branches.
Grass Valley's Cold Spell.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 29.— Although the
weather ls biting cold and Weather.Ob
server Ecarr predicts another frost for
to-morrow morning, there are no com
plaints from either the agriculturists or
the horticulturists of this section. The
ground has had considerable moisture
and plowing and seeding have been in no
way retarded.- As to the fruit-growers,
they are delighted that the frost has
Come, since lt gives promise of harder
fruit and less rigorous frosts later.
George B. Katzenstein, manager of the
Earl Fruit Company and one of the best
posted fruit men in the State, said to
night that he had Just returned from a
trip through the fruit-growing sections
of the country and had received reports
from localities beyond the county line.
"The present frosts," said Katzenstein,
"are really beneficial to deciduous fruits.
A year ago at this period we had a warm
spell that forced the trees to blossom. As
a consequence, when the heavy frosts of
March came, they did much damage to
the trees, 'ihe present frosts have a ten
dency to keep back the blossoms and re
tain the sap in the body of the trees.
After the frosty spell has passed the buds
will have a chance, and, since it is a
rule that when the early frosts are se
vere the later ones are mild, the trees
will suffer but little. In Northern Cali
fornia our oranges ripen so early that we
have them all marketed by January, so
you see there Is nothing to complain of
on the part of the citrus fruit grower."
SANTA ANA, Jan. 29.— Han and rain
aggregating about .06 of an inch fell here
In light showers this morning. - The rain
was accompanied Jby a brisk,' cold wind
Ircm the north. •
Frosts Benefit the Orchards.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 29.— Rain continues
to fall in this end of the State and is
doing incalculable good. Up to noon to
day .SS of an inch had fallen since last
evening in this city, with heary rains
in the country and snow on the moun
tains. Indication are that the fall will
continue.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 29.— Rain and
haii began to fall here early this morn
ing ana at 7 o'cIock a heavy snowfall
bejran throughout the valley. In this city
the storm continued for two hours and
considerable snow lay on the ground on
the outskirts of the town. In Redlands
several inches of snow is reported. The
mountains clear down to the foothills are
covered by snow. In Little Bear Valley,
north of here. Enow to a depth of six feet
is said to have fallen. Following the snow
in this city a cold, severe north wind
came up, continuing several hours, doing
some damage to fruit trees farther down
the valley. The mercury is low and the
barometer is going down and a cold storm
ls indicated.
So far the damage to fruit is trivial.
Every precaution IS being taken to pro
tect orchards from frost to-morrow morn
ing. At 11 o'clock to-night it was very
cold and clear. '
Snow in San Bernardino.
The forecast for Southern California is:
"Fair to-night and Thursday, killing frost
Thursday morning, citrus fruit growers
should protect."
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 22.— Tropical
plants In various parts of Scruthern Cali
fornia were treated to a downfall of elcet,
enow, hail and rain this morning, but they
paid no attention and blossomed as
brightly as ever as soon as the sun came
out. On the books of the local weather
bureau lt is reported that "sleet, snow,
rain and hail began at 6:47 and ended at
S:20 a. m. Sleet fell from 7:30 for about
twelve minutes, slowly changing to snow
and then to rain." The combination of
snow and rain that fell coated the ground
with white, but melted almost immediate
ly in the center of town. In the outskirts
it lasted a few minutes, much to the de
light of children. Colton, Hedlands, San
Bernardino and the Cahuenga Valley, as
well as Los Angeles, were surprised by
a light fa!! of snow and hail. At Prospect
Park nearly an inch of hall was gazed
upon with wonder. Snow came down the
Cahuenga Pass in clouds and coated the
footnills with white.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Director of the Weather Warns Own
ers of Orchards to Prepare
for Another Killing
Frost.
Mantle of "White Covers the
Thoroughfares of San
Bernardino.
Alternates With^ Hail
and Sleet in Los .
Angeles.
SNOW FALLS
IN CITIES OF
THE SOOTH
Well-Known Manager of a Prominent Trade Journal of "San
Franciico Wih Espouse Charming Publisher of. Leading
Local Baptist Organ, at Ho.ne.of P.-o-pective. Groom
AARON POWERS TO WED
MRS. ROSE E. ROBINSON
IRON MASTER
SPEAKS ABOUT
A GREAT GIFT
Andrew Carnegie Ad
dresses Men at State
Department.
Trustess^c-of^the Proposed
' 1 Institution' Meet] in
¦ i,-p» Washington^ .-' ¦ / .
1 ¦¦ V- ' ' 1 ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦'-.'• • ¦. . ¦
Philanthropist* Explains tha Purpose
of His Donation and His inter-
est in. Work for the Devel- . ; i.
' bpment of Man. ; , j
WASHINGTON^ Jan. 29.— An adjourned
meeting of the', trustees' of the' Carnegie
Institution was; held at the State Depart
ment this afternoon and a step was taken
towards permanent organization and the
initiation. of the work of the institution.
Abram S. Hewitt of New York called
the' meeting, to order, and Secretary Hay
was elected temporary .chairman and
Charles D. Walcott temporary secretary.
W. E. Dodge of New. York was elected to
the board to : nil * the .vacancy caused by
the declination of ex-President Cleveland,
who sent a letter i regretting. his. inability
to serve. "After /the roll call Andrew Car
negie made a brief address," presenting the
deed of gift. He said: —
1 beg, to thank you deeply for so promptly,
so cordially, t aiding me by acceptance of the
trusteeship." A note from the President con
gratulates 'me upon "the high character, in
deed,. I may say, the extraordinarily high char
acter * of tile trustees" — such are ' his words.
I believe this- estimate has been- generally ap
proved throughout the wide ; boundary of the
United States. , . ¦->,-•.¦ .'- : . * ;, «1
My first thought was. to fulfill the expressed
wish of, Washington by establishing a-.univer
sity here. but.a;stu'dy of the. question forced
me to the decisloB'that under the present con
ditions, were. Washington still with us, his
finely balanced judgment would decide that,
in our generation at least, such use of wealth
would not be - tne-:best. One of the moat seri
ous objections,, and one that I could not over
come,' was that another university might tend
to weakens existing universities. My desire
was to co-operate, with all educational institu
tions, and establish', what would be a source of
strength and not of .weakness to them, and the
idea of a Washington University or anything of
a memorial character was therefore abandoned.
Washington's Name Reserved.
It cost some effort", to . push aside the tempt
ing idea of a Washington University founded
by Andrew Carnegie, which the president of
the Women's George Washington Memorial
Association was kind enough to suggest. That
may* be reserved for another in the future, for
the realization of .Washington's desire would
perhaps justify the linking of another name
with his, but certainly notning else would.
This gift, or the donor has no pretensions to
such honor and in no wise Interferes with the
proposed university, or with any memorial. .' It
has its own modest field, and ls intended to co
operate with all kindred institutions, including
the . Washington University, If ever built, and
it may be built If we continue to increase in
population as heretofore for a generation. In
this hope, I think the name should be sa
credly held in reserve. It is not a matter of
one million' or ten 'millions, or even 'twenty
millions, but of more, to fulfill worthily, the
wish of Washington, and I think no one would
presume to use that almost sacred name except
for a university of the very first rank, estab
lished by national authority, but as . he de
sired. Be lt our part, in our day and genera
tion, to do what we can to .extend the bound
aries of human knowledge ¦ by utilizing exist
ing Institutions. ......
Gentlemen, your work begins, your alms are
high, you ! seek to extend known forces, and to
discover and utilize new forces for the bene
fit of man. Than thU there can scarcely be
greater work. . I wish you abundant succesa,
and venture to prophesy that .through your
efforts, . In co-operation with those of kindred
societies In our country, contributions to the
advancement of the race through research will
compare In the near future not unfavorably
with those of any other land. Again I thank
you.
Words of the Deed.
The' deed itself recites in substance as
follows: -
That Andrew ! Carnegie deems it his duty
and his highest privilege to administer the
wealth which has come to him as a trustee In
behalf ' of others, and entertainlne the belief
that the best means of discharging that trust
is by extending the opportunities for study and
research In our country, ha transfers to the
trustees named ten millions of registered five
per cent bonds of the United States Steel Cor
poration. This tiff 1b' to be held in trust, the
income from bonds or from other securities
that, may -be substituted for them to be ap
plied to paying. the expenses of the trustees,
who are to receive the bonds and collect ' the
interest and may sell the same and Invest the
proceeds according to the laws of New York,
Pennsylvania and Massachusetts, and who are
not made ¦ responsible for ithe safety' of the
bonds or for their depreciation, i ' . ¦
They may apDoint officers, fixing their, sal
aries and provide, for the financial business of
the.trunt. The income Is jto be exnended for
founding; in Washington an institution to co
operate t with those - now or hereafter, ; estab
lished, and in the broadest and most liberal
manner encourage . investigation, research and
dlscGvery, ehow the application of knowledge
to the improvement of mankind, provide such
buildings, laboratories, books , and apparatus
as may be needed and afford Instruction of an
advanced character to students properly quali
fied to profit, thereby. Unexpended income may
be, kept in a reserve fund to defray. the cost of
buildings. By a two-thirds vote the trustees
may modify these conditions in connection
with the original purpose, ¦ which is "to secure,
if possible, for the United States , of- America
leadership in - the domain -of inquiry and the
utilization ! of new forces for ths . benefit of
mankinds - :. !•; ' :¦ : ' ;\i ¦
After accepting ¦ the deed of gift the
trustees proceeded to adopt by-laws and
elected the following officers: Chair
man of the board ¦ of trustees, Abram S.
Hewitt; vice chairman; Dr. C. H. Billings;
secretary, Charles D. Walcott. *Dr. J. C.
Gilman; late of Johns Hopkins University,
was elected president of the Carnegie In
stitution. The board then adjourned to
meet to-morrow. ; .--•;',"
¦¦¦¦¦-* ¦•• t ¦ ¦ / -. ¦ . , ... ¦ , ' /,'.¦.¦.- ¦'¦ ¦¦"¦.-;¦
THE SA1S FKANCISCO'XALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1902.
2
AD VSB/nSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Establishedover ioo years.
the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you : wish ; and/the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Pretty boxes and odors
are! used to sell such
soaps, as .no one would
touch if he saw .them un-
disguised. "Beware of a
soap- that depends on
something outside of it.
Take Laxative Bromo-Qninine Tablets. AH
druggtet» refund the money U \t falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on i each . box, > 26a. >- j
To Cure a Cold in One Day
¦ f\ 1 |"|"VOf^lf I I ¦ Corner. Fourth: and
I lirr Kli I ill our : Special Brew,
U II I I 1 1 1 I H I Steam and Lager.
r^. .-'.-¦ "^ ; " 1 ¦ ""- Sc^- Overcoats i and '
• \ - valises checked frea
. :^>..-V-V-ij r .:--.r ? T-->:-tf«aKiaH!i»iiwi» r *r>-^.'-
HOSIETTER'S '
STOMACKBITTERS
The longer you delay in, giving
ycur weak stomach- the aiJ it re-
quires, the more c erious becomes
your condition. Obtain a bottle
of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at
once, as it is the best medicine in
the world for stomich complaints.
It will tone up the system, steady,
the nerves and , cure belching,'
flatulency, indigestion, dys-
pepsia ani malaria, fever and
ag-tt3«
¦ ¦¦/•''¦. r' : .-' : .,¦•¦-.;¦•¦¦ :¦"¦" ¦¦—¦' »>> ; :^y
a delicious and J healthful dessert.;' Pre-
pared in two ¦ minutes. l No boiling !,'.- no
baking ! V add : boiling I water ; and set to
cool, f: Flavors ir^-Uembn, Orange, Rasp-
berry^ and- Strawberry.' : Get a package
at your grocers to-day, iocts." : •- -
; This question ; arises in the ¦.family
every day. Let.us answer it to-day. ;Try
\Vhat Shall We"
Have -for Dessert?
Piles Cured
After 30 Years-
| Thoa. E. Wood, 813 Seventeenth st, Sacra-
mento, &].: "One 60-cent box of Pyramid Pile "
Care permanently cured 'me of . plies. For 30
years I suffered: underwent a frightful opera-
tion, nearly died, but failed to cure. I trtta
unable to want when I tried Pyramid Pile Cure.
The first application relieved me." vAll drug-
gists aell it. ' Quickly cures every form of piles.
Book free by maiL ' Pyramid Druz Co., Mar-
aftall. Mich.
/£j£\ PR. MEYERS & CO.
/aSr^yy JJPECULisrs fox :.:£*.
Ala <B»«? \ '.¦Establlahed" 13S1- Con-
Vl Ml* *ultation and private booic
\ " ' rm^jGtfL'i * r «« at office or hy malL
V -P^SirT / Cures Suaranteed.
Mk£W/ 731 MARKET SL
SAN FRANCISCO. CAX*
1
WOMEN OTALL GLASSES
Find Pe=ru=na Indispensable to Guard Against Colds,
Coughs and Chronic Catarrh.
- . - Mrs. G. W. Miller, 30 N! First •treet.
_ M J&": *. £Q~~^^^ I MISS °* a household. When things go •wrong,
. #y^ C^Z^^Jl I II j ||||^W5^^^^-^^^^^^^' not so easy to look pleasant, but ¦when
I | MIIrfBlH^NB . sickness In the family adds to the bur-
f$$f \ I P ( X\j£\ PRP^DIS**'' . den, it becomes ¦very heavy. I have
£~*s* ml ! Xr^X CHICAGO found Peruna nay very best friend under
¦''"' ''"¦ "'• r3~ni ll P fej 3 \ V/^ST-SIDE were sick lt cured them and when I
Cjr/ j tssj? flV^SvV YOUHO became over-taxed and weary Peruna
Jt&f I Jtvl*=ftir I' I X^f/ftWOMAH'S restored me, and if anyone in my houae-
X^p j \ liilllSsjr vS/v «il)$i*Eii i Vx3\ administered at once prevented unpleas-
ve=3> I i**i£A "^/^ -Is =£3f ¦ $3-«. \«« for this is &bcqus9 both ihsss dosses
r~7 j | V v$^^ iWB\ \\r~s i & r0 a fi&9 sub/set to catarrh and ca-
r~) | I j *| I fa^ I- < T*J ' I /\ •¦ ' Catarrh la everywhere. No class of peo-
>?> 1 !i ! I I iii ! i ! ' lS^K^^i<si?^iii I I ' I M I' ' I C=O K 1/ "J> le are exempt from its insidious ravages.
(21 I i| [|||| I III lad^^JHa^^^^ i ' I I Ij9i^ V** It enters the palace and hovel with equal
\\\ ll I ' [it **#'^^^^^^^wlll I II | 10 ItJ facility. It attacks men and women with
<LJV 1 yU il 1^5 like ferocity and frequency. Strongmen
'^A W fflWS^Pi\\%V Vn IS * and fair vromen are amons lt3 vlctlm3 -
: n\ m!$lW ll™4TO#?d Wl\\v\ AH l<^ A Thus it is we find Peruna. the catarrh
' vSy^I ll l»TO™ffiil M MHW^ViVal'F? OS remedy, everywhere. The upper classes
flw|j \wWSKK^ use lt: the lower cla3se3 cannot r
S^Mll *$£*& ' 6 S^the 6 yeart^hln'^nter
fflffiWW \^^^^ be ? n biUn & ™oZ Ch everyone Should be
/ tf8 %^l !^^^^xv ** alert as pos^ ibl ' e to escape wnat seems
A C The r number of people who have catarrh
... |f-i^3)^^^^ f ¦¦'.' I \\ n ° w is the time to get penma « and lt
/C-li/v ) CH) ft^^^ ' / 'A^0£=£3§0BfflJmWWS. k\\ should be taken as soon a3 the slightest
' / Cm^S^tlsisra 7 WkW symptom of catching cold manifests it-
t51^M if / ** Jl Fill I Many people do not seem to under-
I CS\\ h\ (**J $f^0%fifrl B fill • stand that a cold ls acute catarrh; that
I . 2pf I j| JK . 1 K'S^aSsfs&r M Jill I catching cold i3 simply catching ca-
n -fSJ f^Sa - V'-' C^ " gSpsgjy . JlfjKl/ tarrh. An old cold is chronic catarrh.
r^l &®8&8?m - "'-5 I /•*m$St'&'<1l Catarrh is liable to fettle anywhera In
U xiT iM^mX>''r'^ v. \\\ ' /MSwImI the system - Whlle ft i3 truo that Peru ° a
: i .-¦ advisable for everyone to use
f§^^oiiiiiiP 2^^* ha^^tei^ed liel^n lome part of the
• ymFf \* - Sy Mta?'sara McGahan, 197 Third street.
(vx^s^ffi I ?|gmS^*w>y 0u\it\ "¦^¦' ' ew rnon^' 13 a^o I suffered with a
,jW^v<Z«x^^« j^»i jSM^<^J**^5z^^^^^^^^^^^5^^^ L^V^Li severe attack of Influenza which nothing
/ y*-=«» K»r>c n \*r 1^ Da^» my eyes became Irritated and fever-
V,A<^| ¦ **•"*• •«•'•' i lsh * Nothing? seemed right, and no thins
. ¦ , :.¦ >¦':¦] 0 "i do not know what lt la made of, but.,
Miss Emily Milbume, President West aide Young Woman's Club, 152 West I know It la a wonderful medicine to
Congress street, Chicago, Illinois, writes to The Peruna Medicine Company. Co- drive away sickness and restore you to
lumbus, Ohio: - r r . : ':*'' ,„ ... ' . . . health. .Within two weeks I was per-
"For the past four years the members of our West Side Club have f^weu, «d f°&g*&£* t °'t3Z
used little medicine except Perijpa. It is our cure for the many different peruna."— Sara McGahan.
complications resulting from colds, whether it is a severe cough, catarrh, £^ *^ £^i£^ £%£g£
influenza or la gripps. We find it is vary superior as a tomo and an write at once to D^^ I^ Iu^ a 8l^ I>^ 1 g
appetizer, and'O. good cure for indigestion, and a true friend to women, b^pfeased"?^ gWe y< you C hfs 'valuable ad-
Persona/ly I endorse it, ''^JSl^S^Hli^^^. COnfidenGe ° f -TaSuSS? Dr. Hartman. President of Th.
Suffering humanity. "—MISS EttIL Y MILBURNE. . , ; . ' Hffrtman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Ask your druggist for a free Pe-ru-nq Ajmanqc. Every, druggist has them. ..„.>
ATW pz k-TTSCWM fr'NTSi'
ADVERTISEMENTS;Dr. Spear selected five of the Concord's
sailors and within a . few days . had ! con
verted ; them -i into first class hospital
nurses. . They followed the doctor every
where with stretchers, knives, bandages,
splints and other first aid appliances. S
\i Neither rebels | nor." Government troops
paid' \ any attention '' to ., the > wounded.
Among the ' ranks of each were boys as
young as 12 years and -women. The
women assisted in preparing food for the
The Concord reached Panama November
23 and." two days later, landed a battalion
of jackies under Lieutentant Commander
Henry Minett for the purpose of keeping
open the trans-isthmus railroad. Passed
Assistant Surgeon- Raymond Spear of
the Concord, did heroic work among the
wounded during the < week (the battalion
remained ashore. . I „' '
esterday. from Panama, say about the
unpleasantness at the isthmus/ They
paid their compliments to General Alban,
military Governor of the province, not
knowing that, eleven days after they had
sailed out of Panama, , their, gallant friend
had been killed in battle. :
"The - women of Panama have taken up
arms and are fighting side by side with
the men. The people there fight for the
sheer lust of conflict. The Federal troops
have in their I ranks men, women and
children, and at their head the most
courteous gentleman and bravest soldier
that ever graced a. ¦ drawing ';¦] room or
faced a foe." \ ,
That's what the ofllcers of the United
States gunboat Concord, which arrived
Fight in the Ranks.
Women and Children of Panama
LITST, OF BATTLE FIUiS THEM.
PANAMA, Janf - 29.— The Colombian
Government fleet, consisting, -of ; the
steamers [ Boyaca and Chucuito and I the
armed launch General Campos, which left
here ' yesterday to make an attempt to
break the blockade of "Agua Dulce/ where
the revolutionary ( fleet i was last seen ; and
to communicate .with 1 General , Castro, -the
Colombian -commander, - ; met the .-insur
gent steamer ''-'Padilla at. yegula, thirty
miles from Panama, at 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, and opened . fire on ; her. ' The
revolutionary steamers Darien 'arid Gaie
tdn appeared on the scene soon after the
engagement)began. The | fire of the Chu
cuito was so well directed that it caused
the revolutionary fleet to draw in toward
the shore,: where'the enemy's ships were
protected by land batteries. _The\ Chucuito
and Boyaca then retired unmolested and
arrived here \ at 5 p. m. yesterday. I The
General Campos was not engaged. ' ,
The forces >. of General Herrera, the
revolutionary commalnder, are at San
Carlos, forty miles frpm Panama.
Naval Engagement Occurs Near Pan
ama and tlie Federal Warships
Retire From the Enemy's
¦:,. • L Fire. ' ' - : - - *
Regarding the trouble, its causes and
prospects of settlement, \ the Concord's
officers have little to say.'
"We tried to find Out all about It. The
more we studied, however, the darker
grew the mystery, so we gave It up and
put in our leisure time hunting croco
diles," one of them said.
The Concord will remain at- anchor- off
Folsom street for about a week to give
the members of the crew a run ashore.
She will then proceed to Mare Island for
a through overhauling. -
The weapons used are of : various pat
terns and the bullets are made of steel,
lead, : brass, or any old metal that hap
pens to be convenient. The result is a
marvelous variety of wounds, of which
Dr. Spear has made a careful study and
on .which he will make a report > to the
Government, which should be Interesting
and valuable.
Nearly every, day the ? train passed
through a battlefield. Whenever wounded
were sighted Dr. Spear and his \ hospital
corps ¦ gathered them up, \ placed them
aboard the train and ministered to their
needs until, they reached Panama/where
a fairly good hospital is maintained by
the Government. The Government- doc
tors were willing enough to do what they
could in; the hospitals, but absolutely re
fused to accompany the troops •: to - the
battlefield.- • • ;. :• ' :
With the exception , of the railroad
track such of the country, as is not
swamp land is impenetrable jungle. The
consequence Is that nearly all the battles
are fought on the - railroad. Dr. . Spear
and his converted jackies accompanied
the battalion that guarded the trains and
twice a day made the trip. between Pan
ama and a point half way between
Panama « and ' Colon, the '. Concord and
Iowa taking one half of the road and
battalions from the Machias and Marietta
the other half. :
LONDON, Jan. SO.— The Sofia corre
spondent of the Times, wiring under date
of January &», says: It is rumored that
Miss Stone' and Mme. Tsiika were liber
ated this morning on Turkish territory.
soldiers, but when , the fighting com
menced they, all "shouldered rifles, fired
shot for shot with the men -and came In
for their, full share of wounds. ' ¦¦;:;¦
Apparently based upon official advices,
an explanation was made to-day by an'
official of -the : State Department that the
brigands had retreated to the mountains
because of the suspicion they entertained
that Turkish; troops were- following' the
missionaries charged with the conduct of
negotiations and prepared to seize them
the .moment Miss Stone was delivered to
her rescuers. .Unreasonable publicity to
the • negotiations is said to be responsible
for the knowledge possessed by the Tur
kish Government of the movements of
the . missionaries and its dispatch of
trofopsin their; wake. Officials say the
negotiations must begin all over again,
and. this time the- renewed suspicion on
the part of the brigands will have to be
met and dissipated. The ' release of Miss
Stone is said to be no nearer consumma
tion than it was several months ago.
-CALL BUREAU,- 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Turkey ap
pears to be responsible for the failure of
the negotiations for, the release of Miss'
Ellen M. Stone, held captive by Bulgarian
brigands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attack Is'Made on the Padilla
, but Other Boats Go to
"J -Her Aid.
Miss Stone Is Now No Nearer
Liberty Than She "Was
*¦¦ Several Months Ago. *
A^uaDulce.
Colombian Vessels Fail
to Break Blockade of >.-
Ottoman Government Is
Responsible for Failure
to Release Captives.
GOVERNMENT
FLEET FIGHTS
INSURGENTS
TURKISH TROOPS
SPOIL THE PLAN
CLEVER DEBATING TEAM TO
REPRESENT THE LODI HIGH
SCHOOL.
Itchiness of the • Skin : and Eczema.
[:'[ The * only • remedy ; In I the world ; that Vwiii at
once .- atop * Itchiness * of . the \ Skin on • any » part
of the I body . that ! is - absolutely ' safe ¦ and '¦ never
failing : is : Doan' s :. Ointment. •; Free samples at
No Percentage 'Drug Company,' 940-951 ; Market
st.,; south "side, between. Fifth and 'Sixth San
Francisco,-. "on ' Friday, January ¦ 31. ' '
British yAdmiral Is Honored.
LONDON, V Jan. ;29.-f-Vice Admiral Sir
Harry.; Rawson,''-;,who , ¦was t commander oC
they channel;! squadron ; from 1898 to 1901,
has r" been appointed Governor of f New
South .Wales: -> t Thls r is the • first' time' In
history, that the- Government has appoint
ed'an admiral to. a colonial, governorship
which had long been a sore point with the
navy.;- .¦ . - ;;-';;;¦. ¦ 'C\ v :v ¦.¦¦-..- -
;• I SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 29.-Mme.
Lillian Nordica ' arrived , to-day in ¦ her
private car Brunnhilde,* and td-nlght sarijr
to - the largest audience 1 ever congregated
In the local ; opera house. Standing- room
was at a premium. - Society turned out In
force. '•••v'.-'f ;:; T- ¦ r -":'.i'--' : -' i ,r- .¦¦":'•¦,• . ¦
Santa Barbara Sears UTordica.
Madam Goffler acknowledges the re
ceipt ; of $200 'as ' part payment 'on her
claim, but says ' she has been unable to
collect the balance. | She . declares , she has
fulfilled her- part of the- contract and
cured her patient of the . paralysis. She
asks the court to give her judgment for
$299 and costs. *
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29.— A suit ' for $500,
based on. the alleged cureof -a strokeof
paralysis,'- has 1 been commenced ¦ In ."-Jus
tice Rosenthal's court by Madam Goffler,
a massage doctor,* against James A. Gray,'
a well known, resident of this city and
formerly a business man in San j Fran
cisco. • Madam i Goffler ¦ alleges that- ' on
September 28, 1900, she entered into a con
tract with Gray to cure him of paralysis.
She was to receive $500 if successful.
Massage Doctor Sues a Prominent
San- Josean for the Cost of
\ Treatment. ;" -
CLAIMS TO HAVE CURED
> I VICTIM OF PARALYSIS
Mary W. Allen, Antoinette Barre, Ruth Ben
nett, Eleanor* Bradford, Agnes . Brown, Ora
Broyles Blanche ¦ Bunney, Daisy M. Bush,
Frank M. Carr, Caroline Conmy, Elsie Cush
ins. Rosalie Fromhertz, Kdna Frost, Mary Gar
rod, Ned Gould, Fannie Grabow, Clara Hamil
ton, .William Hamilton, Charles | Jared, Faye
Lightbody, Edith McBaln, Frances Miotke,'
Jessie Ming, Margaret McKiernan, Evelyn Mc-
Enerney, Herbert Montgomery, Nellie Nether
cott. Mignonette . Myers, . Genevieve Nicholson,
Mary O'Connell, Phoebe Pool, Erna - Purcell, •
Cora A. Ripley, Joe Sanders, Alice Schumach
er,^ George Shedd, . Jean P. - Smith, - Jessica A.
Smith, . Mary A. Smith, F. . L. Talbert, Bertha
Wlttenberger, Winifred Wheeler, Gussie
Wright, Bertha Yates, Edith L. Young, Edith
Tiffany. • , , -' '¦'[':"
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29.— Forty-seven young
teachers will receive 'their diplomas at
the State Normal School of this city to
morro^w morning. They are: . }
State \ Institution _ in San
Jose./
Diplomas Await Large Class in th.3
2T0RMAL SCHOOL RECOBDS .¦¦„•[;.?
FORTY-SEVEN GRADUATES
It is very probable that an experiment
will be tried next week of conducting the
examination of witnesses at night, from
7 to 9 o'clock, in order that progress will
be more rapid. Judge Harris, one S of
counsel for the- defense, said to-night that
if night sessions were attempted the de
fense would subpena one hundred more
witnesses. The defense objects to night
sessions and wllUtake this means of frus
trating the scheme. «
Carpenter was reading the Grand Jury
testimony silently when the I court ¦ ad
journed. - .
Spencer— It's true, just the same.
statement many times before and it must stop
or I will punish you.
local team to Palo Alto and hope to cheer
the lavender and gold to another victory.
OGDEXSBURG, Jf. Y.. Jan. 29.— Isaac
Putney, a farmer of Lisbon, was arrested
to-day while driving into the city with a
number of Chinese dressed in women's
clothes. The Chinese, according to the
authorities, were brought from Canada
during the night.
Chinese in Women's Clothes.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 29.— The Ros
siya (Liberal) has been suppressed as a
result of its publication January 26 of a
violent philippic against Alexander III,
Nicholas II and the Dowager Empress.
The editor of the paper. Sazonoff, has
been deported to Pekoff, 182 miles south
west of St. Petersburg, and the author of
the article, Amphiteatroff, heretofore
chief editorial writer, has been exiled to
Irkutsk.
Russian Editor Is Deported.
Spencer then asked if Judge Harrington
was doing everything In his Dower to keep
the defense from fretting -' the \truth -' and
permitting the prosecution to do'anythlng
it liked.;
The Court— It is false. You have made that
Spencer Is Again "Warned."
Carpenter was then questioned as to
the trial held on May 27 in Trowbridge's
Hall, Judge Myers presiding. He said
that Richard Nichols was engaged that
day in watching Mary Wilson on the
streets to see that she was not given fire
arms by* Indians for the. use of the pris*
oners. This last statement caused a mur
mur to go around the courtroom. -
A slight storm was raised when Raker
asked Carpenter if John Hutton was not
in the habit of playing with children
The question was objected to and Spencer
said the defense wanted to show the men
tal caliber of the man. Sturtevant, for
the prosecution, said he did not believe
that because a man played with children
he was an idiot. Raker started to make
an argument and Post objected.
The Court — I wanted to see how much re
spectability - the gentleman . had.
Raker — Exception to remarks of the court.
The Court — Take your exception and put it
in your pipe and smoke It.
Post conducted . the cross-examination
and in answering his questions Carpenter
said that he was awakened on the morn
ing of the lynching by cries, but that the
cries did not startle him. He heard some
body say that something was the mat
ter. He got up -and saw some one In the
hall. Carpenter's mother-in-law had tes
tified that' she went into his room and
was compelled to shake him twice to
awaken him. ¦'^"•"^¦• t ¦'¦'¦'-^'v
Post — I want to ask you. Mr. Carpenter. If,
in giving your testimony before the Grand Jury,
covering seventy-four typewritten pages - and
dealing with the lynching, you ever mentioned
the name of. Sam Parks? ', ; . ¦ .
Raker objected strongly, but the ob
jection was overruled. Raker still argued
and was told by the court to cease. „'
• The Court — I have ruled and won't hear any
further argument.
Raker— Take an exception. . .
The. Court— Take it! Take it! .Take it!' '
Raker — Tour Honor, I have a legitimate and
valid reason. ' . ' : f . .
¦ The Court — Mr. Raker, there is nothing be
fore the court. ... V.
Raker — Tou won't let us make any legiti
mate objections: you shut us off every time. '
The Court — I : wish to God we could prevent
your talking and shut your mouth up.
The Witness — I don't know whether ; I did
or not. * .
Post— I think it would be fair to the witness
to let him read his testimony after: the ad
journment. -•' .-' ,. . ..
Raker— We object: it must be read In court.
-Post — To obviate any unpleasantness,' I 'ask
the witness . to ; read his testimony . through
(handing him the transcript). • -.¦ . - ,
Raker — He must read it aloud for the benefit
of the Jury^^SE99ISI^P>^pn|ggMigigip^paC
.'.The .Court (very angrIly)-*R e ad it aloud?
You' re. crazy! You're crazy!
T»aker — There are other* who 'are crazy. • X
The Court— Stop'thls — shut up.; ¦- : - . •".
. Baker — I .knew' my .; application to have the
testimony read aloud " >* : 'S3£jBS i >®PS2aR^*?
The Court— It Is denied; it: In repelled. '¦'¦ /•
Baker Enrages the Court.
•Lodi has the negative of the question,
i "Resolved," that labor unions are. detri
j mental- to the welfare, of the United
I States." This question was submitted by
j Humboldt. The judges will be composed
j of three Stanford professors. • ' . / • •.
i Charles F. Lillie will open for Lodi and
I will be followed by Joseph Priestly, each
! having twenty-two and a haf minutes.
/Will- T. Gehan will close- for the. negative,
i with twenty-seven and a half minutes.
This is not the first contest in which tha
Lodi school has been represented and -so
far its debaters have never been de
feated. They have won from the Stockton
High School, the Lowell High School of
San Francisco and the Oakland Evening
High School. A large number of persons
from this vicinity , will accompany the
Spencer. He is a man of large experience and
I object to going on without him.
The Court — I will give you two minutes : to
go on with the witness or take him from the
stand.' ' •
Raker resumed the examination of the
witness.
Carpenter was on the witness stand the
rest of the afternoon. He said that "Jim"
Brown and Judge Myers were out on the
porch when he passed through the parlor
to the sidewalk. He had testified during
the morning session that they followed
him into the parlor, but the discrepancy
was not explained.
Carpenter said he called to the mob to
"hold on" and fired a shot at the retreat-
Ing figures. "Jim" Brown also fired three
shots at the mob. then only seventy-five
feet away. Judge Myers and Sam Parks
were standing near. The entire party
then adjourned to the barroom and Sid
ney Goyette and Frank Tetreau came in-
No effort was made to ascertain what the
mob intended doing with the prisoners.;
The witness said he was afraid of being
shot.
contest, and according to the rules must
successfully^ defend it twice more before
it becomes the property of that school.
These contests are held under the aus
pices of the D.ebating League of Cali
fornia.
The mansion of James J. Hill, on Sum
mit avenue, is just back of the church
elte. and was at one time In danger. Hard
work by the fire department was neces
sary to keep the flames from spreading
to the Farrington apartment building and
residences on the other side of the church.
The church was built in 18S8 and repre
sented an outlay of $105,000. The insur
ance was only $50,000. Dr. Smith's valua
ble private library was in his study and
was consumed.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 29.— The large
house of worship of the People's Church,
the Independent CongTegationalist Society
of which Dr. 8. G. Smith, the well known
sociologist, is pastor, was destroyed by
fire this afternoon. The building con
tained an auditorium with a seating ca
pacity of 2300. kindergarten, industrial
school and other branches, besides small
er meeting rooms, and was situated on
Pleasant avenue.
the Great Northern Narrowly
Escapes.
Mansion of President James Hill of
HOUSE OF WOBSHXP
DESTROYED BY FLAMES
This afternoon's session of court was
a torrid one. During the examination of
Witness Carpenter General Post asked
permission of the court to recall Super
visor Kane to the stand 'to answer
a ; few more ' Questions, as . Kane desired
to return home. Counsel l for the defense
made no objection, but when Kane was
recalled Raker objected. to many of the
questions. Spencer remarked that any
thing was permissible for the prosecution
-but that when the prosecution objected to
questions by the defense It 1 was always
sustained. ¦ • ,%
The Court— That is false and you know it
Spencei 1 — It is not false and you can't cram
a He down my throat. ' . . . • • :
¦¦, The Court-^Mr. Spencer, I will put ' you out
of the ' court for your ungentiemanly conduct.
I 8p«noer — Take your old court and be | d .
The Court — Mr. Sheriff.- take Mr. Spencer out
of the court room for fifteen ' minutes. ; Pro
ceed with the witness, Mr. Raker. -,
; Baker— I object to proceeding without Mr.
Spencer Is Led Out of Court.
Carpenter said he went downstairs and
was confronted by weapons in the hands
of masked men. J. R. Myers, Goyette and
James W. Brown also were held up at
the point of revolvers. Myers protested
against such an outrage in his house and
the witness also complained. The witness
went behind the bar and saw the masked
men taking the prisoners out of the room.
The lynchers threatened to hang the
guards if they did not cease protesting.'.
Later Carpenter testified that Brown
and Goyette were taken by the lynchers.
He said that he went into the parlor and
saw the masked men in the street through
the open door, but he did see any one in
the parlor or going through the door.
Calvin: Hall slept in the parlor. The wit
ness sdld that Myers and Brown followed
him into the parlor, but did not explain
how Brown had followed him into the
parlor when, as he previously said. Brown
had been taken out by the lynchers.
Carpenter said that he and "William
Nichols guarded the prisoners In the bar
room, of the hotel until about 1 o'clock
on the morning of the lynching, when
they were relieved by Sidney Goyette and
James W. Brown, the defendant. The
witness went upstairs to bed and fell
asleep. He was awakened by a noise and
rushed downstairs In nis night clothes. '
Yesterday, on the stand, Mrs. Myers
Carpenter's mqther-in-law, testified that
she awoke Carpenter and that he was so
sound asleep that she had to shake him
twice.
The court — I -will not dispute your word in
court. I know more -of what- has been going
on in this case than you think. Proceed with
the witness.
Awakened by the Lynchers. *
Harris — I know more- than you do— at least
I ho^e I do. You are making a false state
ment and you know it.
i The court — You don't know much what has
been going on for the past six or seven
weeks, Mr. Harrii. :
Raker— Mr. Bonner can take care of himself.
The court— He la not capable of taking care
of himself. He has been under the tutelage of
Raker and Harris for six or seven months.
Raker — It Is not a fact. The statement Is
untrue and the court knows it.
The court — I will make any statements in
court I see fit. .. "
Rake^-And I will deny anything that is
untrue.
Harris — I have never had any conversation
with Bonner regarding this case.
.The court — He has been kicked out of this
cane by the manipulations of you and George
Harris.
Kaker — It is a false statement and I deny it.
Harris — I have never had any talk with Mr.
Bonner rcffarding this case.
The court — I know better— how you have
plowed with our heifer. N
Raker^ — I take exception to the remarks \ of
the court.
The court — Take your exception — take two of
them.
The court — Mr. Bonner says it is costing this
county $300 a day to carry on this case; we
must be economical. Mr. Bonner is financier
of this case.
Ra.kei' — Leave Mr. Bonner out of this case,
your Hcnor.
Raker— Can't we have time to breathe, your
Honor?
Erving Carpenter, Constable of Look
out Township, was the most important
witness on the stand this morning. Raker
offered Carpenter's testimony before the
Coroner's Jury as evidence in the case, but
it was not allowed. Some delay occurred
before the examination of Carpenter was
taken up and the court urged the gentle
men of the defense to hasten, as time was
valuable. *
Court's Opinion of Bonner.
i Fred Caspar, a farmer, testified that ho
was in Lookout on May 27 last and had
some work done at Leventon Bros.' black
smith shop. He attended the examination
of the Halls, Daniel Yantis and young
Martin Wilson in Judge Myers' court.
While in the courtroom he heard no one
speak of lynching the prisoners. He said
that he did not see B. S. Trowbridge,
Richard Nichols, Mary Hall or Isom
Eades In the courtroom, contradicting the
testimony of Lafe Harris, who said, these
persons were there and that some of those
present hinted that hanging' would be a
fitting punishment for the prisoners. He
spent most of the afternoon around town
and in Leventon's blacksmith shop. ¦ -
One or two rows occurred durinsrT the
examination of Caspar, Kaker attempt
ing to introduce testimony which the
court deemed immaterial and ruled out.
The witness gave the defendant and his
alleged accomplices a good character.
The defense placed three withesses on
the stand this morning. Supervisor Den
nis B. Kane of the i^ifth Supervisorial
District of Modoc County testified that he
stopped at Myers' hotel the night of May
30. His testimony was not important on
its face, save that it substantiated in gen
eral the stories told on the stand by Mrs.
Ollie Gibbons and Mrs. J. R. Myers, her
mother. The witness said that ne heard
no conversation in the hall and that when
he was first awakened by the noise of the
mob in the barroom he believed the build
ing: was on tire. Kane did not go flown
stairs to investigate the disturbance, but
returned to his bed.
Supervisor Kane Testifies.
During one of the ' customary clashes
with counsel for the defense this morn
ing, Judge Harrington declared that the
District Attorney was under the tutelage
of the lynchers' attorneys. He intimated
that the latter were in some way respon
sible for the failure of. the District At
torney to do his duty and declared in un
equivocal terms that Bonner was In their,
control." Judge Harrington was extreme
ly angry and spoke to the point. Judge
Harris, who took exception to his re
marks, was told to dispute them out of
court, when the Judge would be ready
to back up anything that he said.
• ALiTURAS, Jan. 29.— Judgre Harrington
wfent on the warpath this morning during
the trial of "Jim" Brown, the alleged
lyncher, and before he had finished "giv
ing his mind" the court's opinion of Dis
trict Attorney Bonner had been expressed
without reservation. Bonner :• has from
the start been regarded as a friend of the
alleged participants in the hanging of the
Halls, Daniel Yantis and Martin Wilson,
and the prosecution of the suspects has
devolved upon the State. The District
Attorney protested to the Grand Jury
against returning the later indictments,
arguing that there was no likelihood of a
conviction and the county would be heed
lessly bankrupted. • :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Statement Is Made From the Ben sh.
and Court Declares Himself
Beady to Back Up His
Remarks.
Is Under Tutelage of the
Defense. .
r - ¦ •¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦
Harrington Declares Bonner.
George, who is one of the best known
fishermen on the bay, insists that the im
mense fish was a striped bass.
After he had gone a short distance the
fish revived and in its desperate efforts to
free itself the boat was overturned and its
occupant thrown into the water. Charles
Allison, the agent at San Quentin, saw
the fisherman's peril and procuring a boat
went to the rescue. George and Allison
made every effort to right the former's
boat or tow it ashore, but owing to the
current they failed and at last were com
pelled to cut the floundering nsh loose in
order to save the boat and nets.
George dragged his net for bass near
San Quentin Point this morning. When
he commenced to haul his catch aboard
his heavy salmon boat he found that he
had captured a giant bass. For mare
than an hour he clubbed and gaffed the
monster and at last succeeded in getting: a
g rope through its gills. He then started to
~low his catch to the wharf.
SAN RAFAEL* Jan. 29.— John George, a
fisherman of Point San Quentin, was
given a battle for his life to~day by a
giant fish, whlQh he declares Traa a striped
bass. The fish overturned his boat and
Georgre would have been drowned had not
help arrived.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fisherman Is Finally Com
pelled to Cut His Cap-'
tive Loose.^ ; ?
Says Lynchers Control
the County's District
Attorney.
Gives Point San Quentin
Man a Battle for
His Life.
MODOC JUDGE
MAKES BOLD
ACCUSATION
MOSSIER FISH
CAPSIZES BOAT
i THE SAN FRANCISCO CAlX THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1902. :
Lodi Team Will Meet Students of San Francisco
. in a" Contest at Palo Alto for the Silver Cup Offered as a
Trophy by the Student Body, of Stanford^ University
LABOR'S RIGHTS A THEME
FOR HIGH SCHOOL DEBATE
tt ODI, Jan. 29.— At Palo Alto on
if' . Saturday evening representatives
I /. ¦ , from the' Lodi High School will
~ '* -f meet in debate the representatives
of the Humboldt Evening High
School of San Francisco. The trophy Is a
sliver cup offered by; the student , body
of Stanford University.' Humboldt now
holds the cup, having won it; In the last
3
OCEAK" TRAVEL.
EXCURSION RATES
_ to— 1 ;
PORTS IN_ MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL WINTER TRIP.
Only $60. Including meals and berth tor tfc*
round trip on board the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, sailing from San
Francisco February 7. March 7. April 7. . I>u«
back 27th of each month. Will call at tha fol-
lowing Mexican ports:. Ensenad*. Magdalena
Bay. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La
Paz. ' Santa Rosalia and Guaymas. For -$20 ad-
ditional excursionists can return from Guaymas
by - rail. . For further particulars Inquire at
Ticket Offlce. * New Montgomery, at., or 10
Market St.. S«n Francisco. •
SPECIAL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 S- Steamers leave Broadway
«|^-, Wharf. San Francisco: : -
IS&Wiifc. For Ketchikan. Juneau.
ES^^^W^ Skagway, etc., Alaska^-11 a.
! $ln&£\£^ m > Jan - 26 > 31 - Feb - 5 -
i K?V^H 'Saa Change to company's steam-
1 fsSv5«r^1 ers at Seattle.
i MBORw ' For Victoria, Vancouver,
if. Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, New Whatcom
—11 a. m. Jan. 26. 31. Feb. 8. Change at
Seattle to "this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver, to C. P. Ry. ?.?• ;
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— '1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 27. Feb. 1. ¦ A •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a." m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). •Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro and
•Newport ("Bonita only). .
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 26, Feb. 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 30, Feb. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ' " w'.
For further information obtain folders.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. " i
TICKTT O'fTTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS b. CO.. Gen. Agent*.
-.--•, 10 Market St.. San Francisco. .
OR & IV. CO.
Only StsMmalilp Idna to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points. East. Through Tickets to all
• point*. nl'MJIor steam<th!p and rail, at
XiO WJhJST RATES.
STEAME2 TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTH and HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails............;......-...
..F«b. 2. 12. 22; Mar. 4. 14, 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
......Feb. 7. 17. 27: Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D-. -W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. lMontg^y. 3. F.
TQYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
¦ ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc - No cargo received on board, on day o£
salllntr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
........Thursday. January 30th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.
Tuesday. February 23th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU... •
.Friday. March 21st. 1903
' Round- trip tickets - at reduced . rates. " For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
.421 Market street, corner First. ¦ •
, * . W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
il: AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T0BK. SOUTHAMPTON, L0SD0H, PABI3.
Stoping at Cherbourg.' westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 : a. m.
St. Louis Feb. CfSt. Louis...... . Feb. 2fl
Philadelphia ...Feb. 12 Philadelphia ...Mar. 5
St. Paul Feb. 19) st. Paul Mar. 13
RED STAR LINE:
New York and Antwerp.
¦ From New York . Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kenslnston ....Feb. EJFrlealand ......Feb. 29
Zeeland Feb. 12 Southward ... .Mar. 5
Haverford Feb. 1!>| Vaderland . . . . .Mar. 12
- INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Anil Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To - Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL . . . .Feb. 10 PALEN A Feb. 2S
GUATEMALA..Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
. These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ' passensc er offlce. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA itlSr
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fres.
6. S. Argyll calls Wednesday, Jan. 20
S. S. Leelanaw calls Friday.' Feb. 7
*».-6. Argyll ; "niU Thursday. Alar. 13
: From Harrison-street wharf at 2 p. m. .
Freight and Passenger Offlce, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
- • land and Sydney. .Thurs.. Feb. 6. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Feb. 13, '02, 2 p. m.
J. D.SPHESXELS k BIOS. CO., taarai Agrafe. 327 Martem
Hn'l Passsngsr OfScs, 643 Uartet SI, Piar Ho, 7. Pacific St
COXFASNIB GENES ALU TRASSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO. HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of . igWKTS
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. •«*s^asaS*
North River-, foot of Morton street. .
. First clas/to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA - 32 Broadway • (Hudson building), -New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket: Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS^
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJ3
Stamsti GEN. FRISBI I or M0NTICSLL3
9:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
.Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, Q p. m.. except
Sunday. - Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4 :15 p. m. Fare - 50
cents. - Telephone Main . 1 1908. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock.* HATCH
bros. .¦¦¦..- ;•.."¦•¦''-: .-.-_-¦;¦¦ ,.
pe Weekly Call,
61 per Year*
r When I can't see daxiger there is no
danger." That's the logic of the ostrich
which hides its head and exposes its
body to the hunter. There are not a
few people who seem to have gone to
the ostnch to learn logic. The most
dangerous enemies of humanity are the
enemies which can't be seen", the disease
breeding microbes which infect the
blood. It is harder to get the microbe
out of the blood than to keep it out, but
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
-^ggggg^^ does both, by pun-
>£§!^g^J£==^V x fy in g the blood
/^3Bg|||paL ft Qd ure Cn keCpiDg
(j^ni^BJKpPTKl If there are
yh^f||^ fj/ eruptions cm the
Wf at g/ skin, boils, pim-
» w Fl P* es » SOTea or other
" r * II "if •«f|?* s^S ns °f impure
*"-j;H- § — — 4fJ'y<i blood, use Doctor
-*-' a 9 "--^\*>SWj Pierc?' 55 Golden
-^ jft S "'¦"•* *N«ir« Mcdical Discov-
'^^//^r ?^^-.^Ba er y« which will
. > -™s-'£&&3^**B2 purify the blood
. yi*^r -"*rt Z and cure the
eruptions which come from it.
« My blood was all out of order, and I had to go
to the doctor," writes Mrs. James R. Moss, New
London. Stanly Co., N.C "He grave me medi-
cine, which helped me for a short time. In the
winter of 1895 I got worse than I had ever been.
My tonsils were enlarged and my neck swollen
all out of shape; my throat was sore and I could
not cure it My husband went for the doctor,
but he gave me no encouragement. He helped
me a lime, but it did not last long 1 . He attended
me for twelve months, whep I heard of a ladv
whose condition was like mine, who was taking
your medicine end was getting well. So I se-
cured some of the medicine and began taking- it
In one week I was able to do my cooldny. When
I began taking the medicine I* could sit up only
a few .minutes at a time, and I could rest or sleep
only a little while at a time. My throat was so
sore at times I couJd not even swallow sweet
Tniilr, and my tonsils were full of little eating
sores. My left side was swollen out of shape
and I could hardly get my breath. The doctor
said I would not get well, but three bottles of
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, three
bottles of his ' Pellets.' three bottles of Dr. Sage's
Catarrh Remedy and the use of salt water did
the work and cured me." 0 : -,"
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation and its consequences.
OSTRICH LOGIC.
December 15. 1900.— This la to certify that I
was Buffering- for fifteen years from Bright" s
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
elx months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
135-117 Mason st, San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong- Him and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I win be erlad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN AL.L.ANSON,
Orchard are., Elmhunt,- Alameda County, CaL
SAN FRAXCISCO. Oct. 6. 1900.— To whom
Jt may concern: Th!« Is to certify that DR;
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason 6t.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and 1 am happy to make , this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the -word, and an honorable
man In a.U his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY,
Dentist, 002 Second ave., Seattle, Waeh.
TO THE PUBLIC.
I' have been wonder-
JvyfeiSZ^ fully cured of fits and of
t£S--'3^i3 hip trouble by the fa-
«K> roous herb doctor, Wong
55s&<CT f Him. of 115-117 Mason
Kf^y i St., S. F*. .1 was nearly
2£s2J 3 dead when - 1 came t«
£&%* / t him and the fits , I had
JfGe*^. A^ - were dreadful; but I am
JS-S&Ji^ Js&±. enjoying perfect health
W¥$}&!tL' iia^^^fc now. I can t«ll any odd
SwSSft'^VsS'' >^»* of t * ie wonderful cures
he has made for me.
I came from Meridian. Butter County, Cal..
to Dr. Wony Him and he has cured me of all
my ailments. MBS. CHAS. E. DOTY.
Meridian, Sutler County, Cal.
January 21, 1902^
SIOKHEAOAGHE
Positively cured by thcso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, PaflTin
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doso.
Small Price.
I i| I is surprised at the
| pf that he should, for
I ¦; \ I- Jf^^^ We guarantee the
I W*£± 1^^^^^^^^^ overcomes the
'I Al A> I prejudice some
g • H^ against a suit at so
nDTrOI 4 vBjB II sma11 a price - The
LF\> I* vt5I^^^T!ft| guarantee is the
M.H ffl^^^^^i tior l' ? or P resent
ti\M\ drK^s:
tcmer di>pleased in
, - 1 the lea st degree. For
Wt^v^ w ' 1 future protection— a
'^ >^^/iflVj : " 1 '"' ; 'TnBBHHI 1 year's repairing free,
y .%*0 f'©^^^ 1 should thj;suit need
f 1^^ I it# P erson < ; an
•'"' I I " argue a 2ainst a guar-
fnii\k/ bB ! an i eeofthiskind -
l«AlL&Slfi^l i^^ § Samples free toany
ra^^— CTB— BM gTnrra -jwiui imBlllMMMBfc
T18 Market St. and I
; Cor. Powell & Eddy Streets I
ADVEKTTSELIEXITS.
APvj£ttTIHr".IVl PINTS.' Sixth race-rSlx furioqgstiseUlmj; three-year
olds:
Y Fifth 'race —^Mlle and an eighth * the Sonoma.-
Handicap; four- year-olds and upward:
(3212) Janice . .^ . . . . 108 31&* Frangible- .... 92
3152 Position llsi 3212 All Green 108
tS117)I>tzella .......1131 - »
Fourth, race^ — Seven furlong^; selling; four
year-olds., and upward:
3164 Constellator . .107« 3219 Rollick ...'.. .102
8200 Piderot ...... 102 1(3207) E>uckor ......105
3207 Claire White.. lOOl ,
TO sail.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
• HAVANA— Arrived Jaa 28— Stmr Princew
Victoria Louise, from New York, via San Juan,
etc, £n-/West Indian cruise.
DOVER — Passed Jan 2S — Br stmr Moyune.
from- Tacoma, for United' Kingdom. .
I GUAYAQUIL— Sailed— Ger stmr Totmes. for
Hambursr. . " .
TILBURY DOCK— Sailed Jan 23— Br ship
Cro-arn of Denmark, for Santa. Rosalia,
AILSA CRAIO-rOff Ja^n 12— Fr bark Jac
ques, - from Swansea,- for San Franciaco.
8 ACAPU.LCO— Arrived Jan 28 — Bark' Bis Bon
anza, from Newcastle, Aus. >- ¦ ' ¦ ¦ .
", VALPABAISO— In port - Jan 2-i TJ S stmr
Iowa and U S stmr Wisconsin.
_ Sailed Jan 2S— Ger- stmr Hermonthls.' from
Hamburg and way ports, for San Francisco.
! ; SYDNEY— Sailed, Jan 2S— Ship Jabez Howes,
for San Franclsoo. i '.'¦¦' ~ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ -
: COMOX^Sailea • Jan 23— Ship Glory of the
¦Seas, for San Francisco.
' /MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 2&~Stmr City of
Sydney, for. San ¦' Francisco, " * ¦
'1QUIQUE— Arrived - Dec 14— Bark ' Foohne
Suey, from Honolulu. . - - "' -^^*
VICTORIA, B C— Sailed Jan 2fr— Stmr TJma
tilla,, for San FrancUco. i . *
Arrived Jan 29— Stmr San Mateo. from Port
Xos Anxeles, for Nanaimo- " '
' "CALLAO— In"port"Pec lft— Br ships Eaton
Hall; "for Tacoma; Chir bark Eliaa, for Ta
coma. . * * •
. - Sailed Jan 29— Ger stmr Isli for San Fran-.
CISCO. ' '..'¦;.
THURSDAY,"' JANUARY 30.
Sun rises :.-.... ..\..:. :...:... ..'..'... ;'.:.. 7:10
Sun sets . . . . ...... ;. . ...;... .-. : . ;.5:30
Moon rises .."...*.... ."...."...........0:00 a.m.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun,.Moon and:Tide.'
United States. Coast' and Geodetic Survey —
Shipping Intelligence.
; . ARRIVED. . -.o -. .. ...
t . ..-.' "VV^e.dries'day.'" January -29.^ :
Stmr Nome ¦ City, Daniels, ,• 46^ • hours : f rpm
San Pedro.
Braitch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San , Francisco, 1 Cal.,
January 29 1002 - : ' ¦'. • . -
The • Time Ball on \ the tower of ' the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon -of .the 120th meridian,' or. at 8
p.\m.V. Greenwich mean time. . ¦ • . - •
* , W. H. STANDL.ET.
'• ¦.'¦:-.-¦; '; y Lieutenant XT. ¦ S.' Navy.' In charge. •
.Time Ball.
¦ NOTR-rln" the . above, exposition of . the tides
the 1 early - morning ' tides ' are given in the left
hand .column and the' successive tides -of the
day' in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column . gives, the last tide of the
day/except when there are. but three tides, 'as
sometimes ' occurs. < . The heights given* are " in
Rddition "to. the ' soundings of ', the 'United States
Coast : Survey ' Charts.", except ' when a minus .(— )
sign precedes the' height, and ' then tho number
eiyen Is siStracted from the depth given by the
charts. "Mfe plane of reference is the i mean of
the lowef*low waters." V '¦:-'-'¦ .'¦'¦'' V .
To Mexico^-(55 cs arms and ammunition, . 45
cs axes, 17 cs canned goods, 235 lbs copper,
1*9 bales dry goods, 18 pkgs 'drugs; 3 pkgs elec
trical supplies, - 4- pkgs groceries,: 15,980 lbs
grease, 121 pkgs hardware/ 10,200 ft lumber, -
50 pkgs - machlnerj-, > 21 ¦< kegs " nails, ¦ 22 ' • pkgs '
liaints and oils, 2OJ flasks quicksilver, S6 pkgs
sewing machines. 100 gals, wine, 4 coils wire. ~
To Central * America-^J045 7 bbls flour, 4 cs
awne and ammunition, C pkgs agricultural.im
plements. 405 lbs 1 . cs < butter, 750 ¦ Ihs borax •
5640 lbs beans, 10 pkgs bottled beer, ' C04 lbs
bread, 11" bales brooms, /3«3 lbs bone ash'iX)
Jabls.lOcs cement, 124 '- pkgs - candles, • 1093 ics
coal, oil, 435 lbs cheese, 9165 lbs cpdflsh ail
pkgs car material, 110 cs canned goods, 100
pkgs dry goods;' 81 bales cotton domestics -700
lbs dried fruit, ,80 pkgs drugs and druggist 'sun
dries,7C pkgs electrical supplies. 2(i bxs apples'
Stt pkgs groceries and provisions. 2 cs hats 52
pkgs Hardware. 1988 lbs hops, 1150 lbs . lard
42,138 fflumber. 7 cs 112 gals liquors, 3 pkes
leather, 939 - pkgs mining material, 10,000 , lbb
malt, 18,335 lbs millstuffs. 153 bales' mattlne
103 pkgs machlnerr. 85 kegs ¦ nails,' - 24 : :i crs
onions, 347, crs potatoes, 100 kegs powder
pkgs paints and oils, 20 pkgs • paste, 37l4'lbs
rice. -MS4 lbs: rosin,--740;ibs -raisins, 44*cpjis
rope. 752 Jbs sugar, 1(5 pkgs _sewing machlnis.
The steamer City of Para, which sailed Tues
day for Panama and way ports, carried a gen
eral-cargo valued at $97,19£. exclusive, of some
in . transit. The cargo' was 'manifested and
declined as follows:-. For Mexico,' $22,<5l7; Cen
tral America," $73,528;- Panama, " $1653. -The
principal shipments. were / «s follows : : < :.¦'.¦ ¦¦'
The Para's Cargo.
The Erittah ship Centurion : loads .wheat j at
Portland* for Europe, 33e ' 9<1, chartered, prior
to arrival. . ' ¦ --.y . -
The ehip Charmer will load ,9oal at Oyete'r
H^rbpr for this port.-- - •'•'.;'.:
Shipping- Merchants.
NEWS OF. ' THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest ,to Mariners and
Captain McBride of thp :Brltish ' ship,
Craigerne was taken sick yesterday and
as a result may not be able to go 'with his
vessel, which.' is now- in-.the stream and all
ready for sea.' ¦'.»..-•¦ ¦¦ ¦%¦ ¦*;;-.¦
Captain.! of Craigjerne' HI.
The steamship Argyll sailed yesterday
for Panaina with, forty r'six passengers
and 370Q ton? of cargo. Among the: lat
ter were. 7000 barrels of Calif orni£'wine.V;
Argyll Sails for Panama.
WASHINGTON". Jan. 29.— Tha Senate com
mittee, on pensions to-day unanimously agreed
to report favorably the nomination of General
w. S. Metcalfe as pension agent at Topeka,
Reinsurance on the .British ship. Red
Rock- was yesterday quoted at 5Q per. cent.
She left the Fraser River for London De
cember 1 and encountered the storm In
which, the Matteawan "was sunk. The
Dutch steamship Folmlna, fifty-:one days
from Java, via Mojl, for Vancouver, was
yesterday quoted at 10 per cent. •. -
Fifty Per Cent Reinsurance.
Notice to Mariners.
POINT DUMB WHISTLING BtTQY^
Notice i3 hereby given that on or about
March 15. 1002, a whistling buoy, painted red
and marked "Pt. Dume" in black, will be
established. In ( about ninety ' feet of water
about one-quarter mile S. one-half E. (mag
netic) from Point Dume, seacoaat of Callforala.
noUce affects the "Ustof Beacons and
Buoys, Paciflo Coast. 1902." paga 14
By order of the Lighthouse Board." -
N. H. PARQXJHAJt.
Rear Admiral. U. S. N., .Chairman. "
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 2S— Stmr Cymric,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck.'* rom Alexandria, for New -Tork. *
N.EW : YORKr-Sailed Jan 29— Stmr St PauL
for Southampton;' stmr A'aderland, -for .Ant
werp.. ;.:-;,.. . .- ; ,;¦- ;-,, .-;.•:•
First race — Satchel, Armado, X>wlght Way.
Second race— Legal Maxim, Ingo, El Mldo.
Third race— Lapidus, Eonlc, Wyoming.
Faurth race — Constellator, Ihickoy. Rollick.
Fifth rac«s — LlzeUa, Position, AH Green.
Sixth race — Vasallo. Landseer. I>andy.
Possible "Winners.
LONDOX— Arrived Jaa 29— Stmr aioraw.
from Seattle, Yokohama, etc *«"«>.
ST "VTNCEKT. C V — Arrived prior to Jaa 29
— Stmr Elba, from Tacoma, Coronel, etc
FUNCHAL-^-Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Augusts
Victoria, from, New, York, for Malaga, etc, on
Mediterranean cruise.
Joseph BlackwelJ, a . quartermaster on
the army transport "Warren, was acci
dentally drowned yesterday morning:. The
Intensity of the storm- rendered it advisa
ble to remove the transport's boats and
launches from, the boom to the vessel's
stern. Blackwell, in one of the lifeboats,
assisted in making the transfer and then
tried to board the "Warren by climbing
hand over, hand up the painter that held
the lifeboat to the steamship. . He was
advised to wait" until a bowline could be
passed to him. He: scorned this" aid to
transportation, however, but found it
impossible to get aboard by the 'painter.
In his efforts to do bo he became ex
hausted and before assistance could reach,
him loosened his hold, fell into the water
and disappeared. * Blackwell was about 2$
year%of age, single and .a native of Lan
cashire, He was formerly on the Pomona
and joined the Warren only a week ago.
Quartermaster Blackwell Drowned.
Bacing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 29. — Crescent City
summary : ¦ » -
First race,- selling-, one mile— Prince Blazes
won, St. David second, Elsie Bramble third.
Time, 1:46.
Second race, sellins, six furlongs^-Small
Jack won, If You' Dare second, Ante Up third.
Time, 1:17.
Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Dagmar won,. Mr. Rose second, Mac-
Laren. third. Time, 3:10. ' , ' \ ; .. '.-. ¦¦•¦¦'. ,
Fourth * race. Orleans Railroad Company
stake, three furlongs— Wilton won, Xavaso.ta
second, Merry Sister, third. Time, -.38. •
Fifth race, handicap., one mile, and a'six
teenth — Circus won. Silver. Coin second, Noble
man third.' Time, 1:53%'. ~ ''••'-'¦ ' ¦ ,
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling —
Strangest won. Swordsman second, Cholrmes-'
ter third. * Time, 1:54^.' ?
Amador Almost -, in Collision.
Nothing but the prompt action yester
day morning of thd captains of the ferry
boat Amador and ; the river steamer Al
visq avoided what would, have been a seri
ous' collision. The Amador, v on - her 1
o'clock trip from ' Sausalito, was passing
'the foot .'of Clay street when the Alvlsq
started out from that wharf.-; The Alvlsd
was going at a pretty good ' rate" of speed
when her nose shot out Into the stream.
Bells jangled on both vessels. • Wild ex
citement prevailed among the passengers
on the Amador. . Both , vessels stopped
their engines, then went full speed astern.
Before "the boats began ; to make stern
way,' however, they were within a foot of
each other. ! ! .' '•:
Itching Piles.
" Any 'one who Buffers; from that terrible
plague,' 'Itching ; Piles, , or from Eczema, \ will
appreciate the immediate relief and permanent
cure' that comes 'through' the use . of . Doan's
Ointment.' It never .'fails. *. Free ! samples at
No Percentage Drug Company, &49-951 Market
st., . south.' side, between Fifth" and Sixth, San
Francisco, on Friday. January 31. ¦ ;
: Times ana Heights of l High and Low
Waters at -Fort -Point, entrance to San
Francisco - Bay. j Published" by official au
thority of the Superintendent. Y :
..' NOTErr-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street •wharf);" about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of /tide la i the same at both places.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
|20o Tyranus 1041 31S8 T>ulclmer 102
30^1 Londaeer 104 3205 Halmetta 103
31b2 Dandy 107 3205 The Weaver. .107
io5 ssg^ia *** Montoya io7
190 lbs salt, 62 kegs staples, 137 ca canned
salmon. 2748 lbs spices. U431 lbs soda ash, ISO
pkgs steel and iron, 440 lbs tea, 8028 lbs tal
low, 5* cs tar, 72 gals 38 cs whisky, 20 cs
15">0 sals wine, 50 reels wire.
To Panama — 3161 grals wine, 20 bdlsshooks,
18 pkgs dry goods.
During the height of the storm the
schooner Bd-dy parted her anchor chain
and fouled the scow schooner Fannie, ly
ing 1 at the seawall, carrying away the
latter' s jibboom and foremast and so bat
tering her hull that the Fannie filled with
water and sank. Her deck load of lum
ber was washed away and what is left
of the Fannie will hardly'bo worth patch-
Ing up.
The storm -was felt most severely at
Meiggs wharf. Deceived by the calm that
prevailed at sunset, the engineer of the
General Steinberg had blown out his
boilers and was 1 unable to move to shelter
when the gale broke. A. tug -was sent
for a^»d th.es Quarantine boat taken to the
Mall dock, but not until the port rail had
been carried away and her sides badly
chafed against the wharf. State pile
driver No. 2 was driven against Meiggs
whaxf. Her house was carried away and
the wharf considerably damaged. A pile
driver a-t old Fishermen's wjcarf was
roughly handled and at Uniorl street the
wind blew to smithereens the house on an
other piledriver. The schooner Horace
Templeton at Mission street had her bow-
constructing the new wharf at Union
street the storm nas changed a profitable
job into a heavy loss.
Considerable damage was done to
small craft and some of the wharves sus
tained injuriy more or less' serious. One
man, a quartermaster on the army trans
port Warren, lost his .life and a scow
schooner was sunk. For the contractors
A NORTHEASTER took . posses
sion of the harbor on Tuesday
olght and retained command un
til long after daybreak yesterday.
sprit, main boom and' forward bulwarks
carried away. The schooner Laura Pike
dragged -her anchor and went ashore at
old Selby's. The schooner Lillebonne
dragged her anchor in Mission Bay ¦ and
bumped into another vessel without doing
any serious damage, . and the schooner
Onward fouled the French bark Duchesse
Anne at Oakland. Union-street wharf
No. 2, in the course of construction by
the Wakefield Wharf and Bridge Com
pany, suffered damage to the extent of
about $30,000. Many of the cylinders
surrounding the concrete piles were
washed out of position and a great deal
of the work will have to be done all over
again.
-; NEW. YORK— Arrived Jan 28^-Stmr Fiaance
from Colon." , .'.¦'- - - . - .
Sailed, Jan 28-~Stmr Allianca, for Colon
; "' : FOREIGN PORTS. :
: N APLES-^-Arrived Jan 24-rAus stmr Aria-"
tea, v from- Oregon. , . — - • ¦**¦*'•
SINGAPORE— Arrived Jan . 27— Br stmr
Glenshiel. from Tacoma. ': ¦ \ ; . f m -
EASTERN. ; PORT.
ASTORIA— Arrived : Jan 2p4-Br stmr Indra
velli, from Hongkpng; Fr bark Versailles, from
Noumea; schr Orient,' from 'Sain Pedro.
¦ Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Alliance, hence Jan 23.
: SEATTLE— Arrived ;. Jan -,29-rStmr- Czarina,'
hence Jan •» 24; stmr ' Citi' of Puehla. , hence
Jan 26. - .: v
Sailed Jan 29(— Stmr UmatiUa, for San Fran
cisco. •' : ' ' " ¦'.. ¦ ¦ i '¦'¦-. ¦¦'¦'¦ "¦- 'T :"
Arrived Jan 29— Stmr. Bertha, from Valdez;
Jap 'stmr Iyo Maru, from Yokohama. .-. ~
"NEAH BAT — Passed in Jan 29 —^Br ehln
Ancalos. •; from Melbourne, for Puget Sound: -
Passed . out . Jan - 29 — Ger ; shin Alsterkamp,
from Tacoma.'/or Queenstown. ¦'-, . ::
PORT LOS ANGEIiES^-Salled Jan 29— Stmr
Coquille River, for "San Francisco:
» BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Jan 29-r-Stmr
Navarro," for San' Francisco. ' : '•¦.•--.
. SOUTH .BEND — Arrived Jan 29-^-Stmr Ri
val;-'hence Jan 25.- -.-.-, .- _
1 TACOMA — Arrived Jan 29 — Br stmr Wye
field,¦•¦¦•from Vladivostok: -ship Eclipse, hence
Jaa;ii.'? ; : -i > v; '¦'"¦ ¦•' ¦ •¦ " ¦' ¦"¦ : , - '
¦ ; Sailed Jan 29 — Ger ship Alsterkamp, for
Queenstown. ., - ¦: -¦'..-- ¦ . .
J VENTUH A— Arrived Jan. 2»— Stmr Qeo Loo
mls, ; benc^ Jan 28, • ana sailed for San Fran
cisco.'. ' : '¦:''":"¦ ¦ ¦:¦-> .¦-•>¦-.¦ ./ . x; ¦ • »¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 29^-Stmr
Fulton; hence *Jan 25. " '' .
SAN PEDRO-^Arrived '-. Jan ; 29— Stmr' Aber
deen,', hence 'Jan- 27;' stmr^ Acme, -frpm • Trini
dad:); SChr Excelsior, ¦ from Port Blakeley ; ; schr
Coropa,- from' Ballard;' schr. Azalea;"- from Bu
reka,; ..¦,-¦'¦,-•;¦—•-¦¦-•• - ¦ ¦ • .:-,•'-. : r ¦ -,;.
Jan 29 — Stmrs Alcazar and Melville
Dollar, "for San Francisco. "'•
; PORTLAND— Sailed Jan 29— Bktn Renfleld
for Queenstown. : . • • ¦ . ,
- ! COOS ; BAY-;— Sailed : . Jan ¦ 28-^Schra Ivy and
Webfoot, Tfor San ' Francisco. : • ;.,--.-:
1 .Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Empire; hence Jan 24
'ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Alliance^
from -i San ' Franciaco: ; schr Orient,, from San
Pedro; « bark Versailles, from ; Glasgow; stmr
Indravelli. 1 from HongrkonR. - ' .'.
¦r- EUREKA— Arrived Jan : 2ft— Stmr • Meteor
from. Tillamook. ¦ ¦.' , ¦ ¦ ,-" , - i - . '
domestic I ports-
POINT X.OBOS, " Jan V 29,' 10 .- p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE/> velocity '12. miles. ~ .; ,
TELEGRAPHIC.'" 1
Br shin Port Patrick, from Algoa Bay, - Dec
12, for " Newcastle, Aus, was abandoned • at
West Wilsons Promotory during a sale. Date
not eiven. Now afloat ¦ and- In tow o£ James
and Alex . Brown' a tvo? ? . qhampion, bound r lor.
Melbourne. Craw of tugboat was; In. possession
and vessel got off by Champion, Jan' 15.. ~
MISCELLANEOU&
Wednesday, January 29. .
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ' V.
Stmr Areyll, Gilboy, Panama; Panama Rail
road & i SS Co. . ' ' ' \ . •
- --•.' SAILED. ' ¦ 9 - -
.Wednesday, January 20.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. i
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendoclnp.
1 Stmr Argyll, , Gilboy,' Panama. ¦¦Tf'fh,
'¦¦ Stmr Arctio. Erickaen, — — -. i -.- ; :.i
• Stmr Santa. Cruz.',Hinkle, Moss Landing. ' j
. Stmr SoutU Coa^t, Olsen, — —^. . ¦ .
Schr I-aura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Okanogan, Rensch, Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Third race — Mile and a sixteenth; selling-;
three-year-olds and upward: .•.•..
.1152 Lapjdus ..... 96[(3200)EonIo ...... :.10O
S182 -Wyoming- 10»i 3218 MacGyle 103
Stmr Greenwood. FaKerlund, 13 hours from
Greenwood.' " . . , * ' .•*-«¦.'•¦
Stmr Iaqu%, Gunderson, 20 hours from Eu
reka: ...
. Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 77 hours from Ne,w
Whatcom. •> ' V
¦ Stmr Arso, Hughes, 41 hours from 'Coquille
River.
Stmr John S-KimbaU. Thwinsr, 77 ' hpqrs.
from Seattle. ' , *.¦-'
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 50 hours from. Port
Los Acreles. 1 ¦ ' " ,•'-•¦
US stmr Concord, Kimball. 5 days from
La Paz." ¦ .',¦ ¦¦-.'..'¦¦- ' ¦ '• • ¦-"' - " ¦ -
' Schr A F Coates (new), Dahllof, 5 days from
Falrhaven. •-¦--• ...
Schr Eliza Miller. Johnson, 3 days from
Coos Bay.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds:
. H216 Arigato 102 .320f> Knockings ...102
3209 Esternell ...... 102 3197 Breton ...... 1QT
.'!205 The Maniac... 104 820!) Satchel V. 10a
2788 Armado ..10-t 3107 Dwlght Way.. 104
S161 Sand de Lee. .107 .'.
Second race-rOne mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward:
(3ia7)Sen. Matts...Hl 3187 Mont Kaglel.."10»
3178 Snowberry ... 07 31P5 Plead :..:.. ..100
(32O3)IngO( ......... 04 3170 Darlene ... ...102
3214 San Venado..ll4 <3192)Legal Maxim. l>5
3203 El Mido. . . ...'.Ill S193 Hunsarlan ...111
'8203 Capt. Gaines.. 114 *
FRENCH BARK WHICH ARRIVED^ HERE TUESDAY, HAVING MADE THE RUN FROM ASTORIA TO THIS
PORT IJ* FOUR DAYS. WHICH IS UNUSUALLY FAST TIME^OR A SAILING VESSEL AND IS NEARLY UP
TO THE STEAMER SCHEDULES.
Tommy Burns showed a return to form
by piloting two winners. .
Quiet, winner of the third race, the en
try of Walter Jennings, was bid up from
$300 to $700 by W. H. McNames. A $5 bid
retained the colt for the stable. Owner
Jennings protested the boost, as he claims
McNames made a threat previous ' to the
race that he would bid the colfup. • ¦ . :
The sale of Palo Alto brood mares will
take place at the Occidental' Horse Ex
change to-day, commencing a,t 11 a. m. In
conjunction with the same, a number of
fine driving horses and carriage teams and
vehicles will also be disposed of. .
Track Notes.
Special stake, fifty-two entries— G. Ntther
cott's Hickory Dick vs. D. Walsh's Sacramento
Boy; A. R. Curtis'. Charta vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Fine Fire; J. Moriarity's Snapper Garrison vs.
Pasha Kennels*,, Real Article; J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bella vs. D. J. Healey'3 Tiburon; Sterl
&, ; Knowles' Olita vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's
Pepita; G. Nethercott's Freda G vs. Chiarini
Bros.' Santonin; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan vs. O.
Zahl's Mlas Wilson; G. Graham's Lady Newark
vs. D. J.-Healey's Tapioca; DivJ. Healey's
Slsquoc vs. "A-';R. Curtis' Anchor; E. Geary's
Fenil vs. E. Geary's Ruby Sankey; A. Vander
wbite's;LearKing .vs.: A. R. Curtis' Narcissus;
Aaneld -Kennels' -Aeolus -vs. J. L. Ross'-Fon
tenoy; . G. Sharman'a Sir Pasha vs.' Alameda
Kennels' Merrlmac; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
vsj Chiarini Bros.', White Hat; T. J. Cronin's
Vandal. vs. ? A.. R. Curtis' Kibosh ;.3. L.. Ross*
¦ Mayflower ys.\ J.- Cane's Greenhall; T. J. Cro
nin's Tralee Boy t vs.' J. Maryland's The Grafter;
A.iR. Curtis' Loyal Lad vs. G. Sharman's Firm
Fellow;-. A.: R. Curtis' War Eagle vs. J.. L.
Ross'. Game Boy; J. Carroll's Master Clair vs.
D.' J. Healey's Elista; Alameda Kennels' Lilac
vk Chiarini ' Br6s.'.. Tame Tralee ; Pasha Ken
nels'. Fiery Face. vs. E. Geary's America; Ala
. mfeda 1 . Kennels' ¦ Clariee .' vs. P. Mullarkey's
Mamie Pleasant ;/ C. ¦ O. Peterson's Haphazard
vsL;E. Geary's/Bonnie Huehie; P; Doyle's Llb
erator vs.. G.' Sharman's Little Sister; Sterl &
Knowlea* Cold Shivers vs. Pasha Kennels' Ro
man Athlete. . .' ¦..,; ¦. "
: it>pen stake, C4 entries— Pasha Kennels* Rov
ing Arab vs. E.' Thuener's. Gray Cloud; J.
Hurley's Living Picture vs. J. H. W; Muller's
Cruiser; T. ; Roach's All Green vs. T. W. Bar
tels" Bogus • Brummel; M. Kolander"s Master
Whalen vs. Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor; B.
Hood's Dolly Grey vs. A. R. Curtis' 'Galatea;
.G. Sharman's Fiery Friend vs. T. Coleman's
Cotton . Ball; C. Clock's • Alameda Lad vs. ,T.
Cox's Crockett Hill; J. Hurley's Sea Cliff hrs.
Kelly &. Hanley's Preclta Maid; E. Geary's
"Fannie Hughie vs. J. Connell's Moonorita; O.
Zalils O'Hara vs. G. Sharman's Gold Bug; J.
Hurley's- Gramerey vs. Pasha Kennels' Law
rence; G. D. Frantz's Lavona vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Rich Argosy; A. Bonaclch's Lily H vs.
G. B. Merrill's Warpath; Pasha Kennels' Kegal
Attire vs. H. ' H. Gray's Terropette; D. G.
Frantz's Dorothy M . vs. Chiarini Brothers*
Semproinus; Kelly :& Hanley's Lusmagh Lad
vs. D. Roach's Bells of Shandoh] E. "Zeiph's
Glen Cpe vs. P. J. Rellly's Honesty; H.
Perigo's Controller vs. W. Cairn's : Imperial;
G. Graham's Tyrone Prince vs. L. S. Barre'a
Boodle Boy; J. Badt's ' Lovlna vs. J. Trade's
Cozy; J. Moriarity's »Kittleman vs. W. J.
Browning's Little Jack; W. Cairn's Gold Ore
vs. A. R. Curtis' Wapsee; T. W. Bartels'
Bogus Baron vs. E. Geary's Roy. Hughie; J.
G. Thompson's Pasha Promise vs. -T. Maher's
Bad Boy; T. Burke'a Aggie "\V vs. E. Thuener's
Black Cloud; A. McLeod's Royal Friend vs.
W..C. Badger's Alert; Kelly & Hanley's Fear
ful Ship vs. S. A. Smith's; Injury; P. J. Reilly's
Royal Union vs. S. A. ' Smith's Shaughraun;
J. Carroll's Auckland vs. J. Trade's Bell
ltocket; H. Schaeffer*s Fair Glen : vs. L. C. !
Homan's Annie Coleman; J.'A. Klein's Coro
nado vs. W. C Glasaon's Lady Sears;' J. R.
McCarthy's John Doe vs. J. Connell'a New
Moon. •¦-,¦:¦.
A special! stake and an open stake will
be the card this week at .Union Coursing
I^rk. The.^ special, stake j has attracted
a? number of -the best dogs in training.
In the open stake the entries are not so
high class, h but they axe all evenly
matched. Both stakes will be run down
once Saturday. The draw last night re
sulted, as follows:
TWO COTJESING : STAKES
: FOR FAST GREYHOUNDS
OAJKXANDBACETR^^
3215. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling ; four-year-olds anU up; to first, folS.
— j : ; ¦ — : J~- * !~~ '. : ~ t Betting.
Index(Horse L Age._Welght.|St. ft. %• * Str. Fin. | Owner and Jocfcey. t Op. CU
303l" Sharp Blrd.~5T:.100 V 1 2 13 13 | Ezell & Lazarus. BirkrfhJ 2 8-5
31S2 Frldolin" -*. ; ¦"•¦"¦ m 7 8 V* 62 5 *1 4 b. G. W. Scott... Winslette \o 10
32of EWred 4 •'::'::: I SI 9 10 Ashton & Harri^J Daly S tt
3180 Buck Taylor 6 102 10 : 11 - U 10 « 10 2 J. C. Nealon. .O'Connor 8 1J
3031 SMp m"i ' & a" «W -7 1 11 11 Covtagton & Co. .McGmn 2^ bO
TSr ____ n r~T; .011/ . »„ ir -a\u • ia*t % 1^01%- short 9i.' l:10Vi. Good start. Won easily.
and other conditions tutted winner. Dollie showed improvement. Februarj 'jg™* £«.
Chappie stopped in the stretch. Novia and Buck Taylor away poorly. Scratched— lleadow
wwwwwv
3216. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $323.
— r— 1 ; I ; j Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. U. %. Str. Tin. | Owner and Jockey. | Op. Cl.
3183 Com. Forster. 3.. 04 4 3 1 3 2 3 1 1 2)5 J. F. Schorr. . ..Jackson 1-2 2-»
3171 Cougar, 4 ......107 6 5%4n46 2^» Elmwood Farm. O Connor j» 5
3159 Ada N 4 104 1 In 2 1% 1 n 3% C. Earl & Co.. ..Kanschr 5 12
3157 Arigato. 3 ....... 87 2 22 In 2^ 4 10 W. G. Matthews.^ Jckn 10 20
3208 Invictus, 4 ......104 5 4332.52 52 James Wilson.... McGinn 1J -23
,3201 Koenig a .......lOft 8 64 610 6 10 619 A. Genevlen......Troxler 20 1W>
3203 Scintillate, a .....107 T 7 7 7 7 Mrs Grosabeim. ...Xaglej 100 500
Time— '4 :25}i; V, :50; %. 1:15; mile, 1:41^. Good sUrt. Won easily. Second and third
- driving! Winner. J. F. Schorr's ch. c. by LJnden-Peninah. Winner beat and wel rid
den. Cougar, stood plenty o£ urging. Ada N is rounding to form. Invictua better In the
mud. ArigatQ grew weary.— .
331 7. THIRD RACE — Six »nd a halt furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $323. •
,| ; ~" 1 ~ ~~ ' - ' ¦ I Betting."
IndexlHorse '' and Weight. (St. M. Vf. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
,,, L m t ..1. ; t ¦ , 1 1 -¦ 1 1 -11M- ¦¦ I ¦¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦ .
3205 Quiet .......... .122 2 12 1 2 18 1 1% W. B. Jennings. T. Burns 4 5
(3197) Chandoo 122 1 3 1 SI 2 1 2 1 T. H. Stevens.. V Connor « 9
3122 Jingler ..........119 5 52 6 3 h 3 2 D. S. Fountain. .Mounce I »-10
3113 Claudator ........112 3 4%2n42 4 % ¦• Elmwood Farm. .Jackson 12 . 15
3174 Arthur Ray 122 4 2n 4h 55 5 10 Clayton & Co..Bullman 10 - -20
3142 Autumn Time ...119 6 6 5 1 6 . tf ¦< Stemler & Co. ...Ranach 4-9
Time— Y*. :24V*: V«. :48%; %, 1:15»4; 6%f. 1:22ft. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings' ch. c. by Goldfinch-Silence. Quiet ran wltk
blinkers, showing marked Improvement. Chandoo ran a good race. • Mounce ' on Jingler
rode a poorly judged race. Autumn Time away poorly and no chance. Scratched — El Chi
_ huahua 122._ _¦__'_ ¦ •¦'• ¦
3218. FOURTH RACE — One mile: Macdonough Handicap; 3-year-olds, and up; to> first. $500.
:. Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. ' %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3200 Corrlgan, 3...:... 95 2 14 12^13 12^ Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 3 3:
3194 Floronso. a ...100 123 2 2^22^28 P. McGuire McGinn 7 10
(314C) Watercure, 5.'.... 122 44 4 32 84 G.B. Morris Jackson 4-5 7-10
(330G) MacGyle. 5... ....100 3 S 2VJ S n 4 4 Elmwood Farm, -J. Daly 4 5
Time— %, :25i4; Vi. :49?i': %. 1:15: mile, 1:40%. Bad stort. Won easily. Second and
third . driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's or. c by Sala-Ada Reese. Corrigan must
like' light weight. Floronsa did well. Watercure not straight when, barrier went up. Mac-
Gyle also bumped Into him. Scratched — Ordnung 100.
3219. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four-year- olda and up: to first, $325.
~ I . - ¦¦'¦.- ' Betting 1 .
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. Str. Flo. " Owner and Jockey. Op. CL •
3184 Redwald. 5.: 105 7 7 1 ' 5h 3h 1% Jennings & Co Burns 10 12
3177 T. of Candles, 4.. 99 6 2 1%l»£ln 21 Caesar Young... JacKson 6-5 7-5
(3132) Vantine, 5 ..107 1 1 % 2 3 2 Vt 3 >» W. M. Rogers. .O'Connor 4 9-2
(3162) Afghan, a ...109 5 6 a 6h 5 1 4 1 W. Ketcheman..J. Woods 6 tt
(3182) Rollick, 4.. 106 4 3h 3 h 4% 6 3:; Burna & Waterhs.. Ranch 5-a 16-1
3202 Cousin Carrie, 4.. 09 ,S 4h 41 B4 65 G. Burger Winslette 10 30
(289C) Fine Shot. 5. 106 2 5h 7 7 7 McDonald & DunIap..See 20 50
Time — V*. -.24; ¥2. :48; %', 1:13^. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. B.
Jennings & Co.'s ch. gr. by Tenny-Redwortb Rose. Burns on winner rode, a very strong
race. Tower of Candles away none too well. Off better could hava won. Vantine tire-1
racing out with Candles. Afghan late. Rollick at one stage looked to have a chance.
¦ Scratched — Orleans 99. Captivate 09, Saul of Tarsus 109.
3220. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 50 yards; selling; four- year-olds, and bp: to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . }J. %. Str. Fin.. Owner and. Jockey. -Opt "ci.
3190 Aloha II, 5.,..,.ill2U 11 11 2h In Jones & Co Mounce 8 &
S207 Bah. 4....: 102 9 7h 3 h" 32 2 2 F. D. Weir Hoar •> 7?
3192 Har. Thatcher, 5., 109 2 . 1 :^-1 1^1 3 2 W.Johnson Ransch 6 8
3160 Picador. 4..." 114 3. 9 h 6h. 51 4 1% T. H.Stevens. .O'Connorf 2 1S-5
3183 Bob Palmer. 4... .111 10 4%. 4 tt -4^ 51 T. E. McLaughlin. See 10 ~O
3155 Limelight, e...... 109 7 8 h- 7 2 7 2- 6 2 George Hecox. . A. Kelly s «o
(3198) Dk. of York II, a..lO9 G 8h. 5 2 6 1 7 5 I. Morehouse J Woods 1 7 r\
• S153 R. del S. Juan^a-aool 1 ; 6 b. ! 10 2 8 2 8 2 M.- Forater Trover 8 20
¦2325 Bonitary,-4:..7r;.102M. 2 1-, 2 2 9 2 : -»2 Charles Albert.. J. Daly " 4 '- Rrt
3149 Courtier, 4. . . .. . ..Ill 8 10 10 8 M 10 2 lft 2 . Ezell & Lazarus. Birkrtn s v!
3153 Kastalne. a 107(5 5 3 ft ? 3l 11 f^M. B^rSt .JacRsonl 10 lt>
Time-r-%. :25; :50;^%. 1:16; mllo, 1 :42*£ ; lm 50yds, I-.4514. Good start. Won first three
• driving. Winner, A. C. Jones & Co.' a ch. g. by Afoha- Blanche. Winner dropped Iroinrthe
clouds, catching Bab and Thatcher very tired. Picador no speed. Palmer ran better
• Others no account. Scratched— Monda 109, , uwer.
Joe ChqynsKi will meet the .winner of
the Gardner-Root fight. : The Calif ornian
heavy-weight is in Chicago, -but will start
for the coast immediately^ , ! . ¦¦* .
The officials of the Yosemite ( Athletic
Club j have the promise of-, both Root and
Gardner that : whichever man wins wilt
take on Choynski at catchwelghts -on Feb
ruary 28. -.-.'. Choynski has been anxious to'
get into the ring again; and ¦ this offers
him a most ..promising match.. I u- . .' ;
Betting is., still light; on to-morrow
night's contest.-. It is expected consider
able wagering will be done to-day,- when
a correct' line can be obtained on ; the esti
mation in which the public holds the men.
A Chicago writer says this • will ' be
Roofs hardest battle. .Had the' match
been made two years ago Root would
have been/ favorite. \ In Gardner's- present
form he .is considered ' the best middle
weight in the country; Gardner is warned
not to underrate Root, as he. is a hard
proposition to beat. In Chicago therearo
a number of people who like- : Root's
chances. Among these is.' Jack- Moffatt,'
who has fought both men. He thinks Root
will win inside ten rounds, vf ¦ : : - .
J. J. , Dukelow, ' who fought
several times in the Olympic Club, . will
box Kelly in one of the 'pre
liminaries. Toby Irwin injured his hand
and cannot go on."'. :•'¦.¦¦ ¦>•¦.-' •-¦ •':
Leaves Chicago at\ Once, for
This City to G-b Into
Trailing.
Frank Weir's mare Bab carried the wise
coin to win the closing mile and fifty yard
selling run, going to the post a 7- to 5
choice. She also managed to get away
from the barrier among the tail lenders',
and, with the wire in sight, was collared
and beaten a neck by Aloha II, ridden by
Mounce: The winner was at one time last
of the bunch, looking hopelessly out of it.
There was any amount of speed gath
ered together in the six furlong run, and
it was thought Tower of Candles, with
99 pounds up, could do the trick. Caesar
Young's mare ruled a 7 to 5 favorite and
had Jackson happened to get away bet
ter she could undoubtedly" | have won.
As it was, the first . choice - experienced
some difllculty in getting to the front, and
then found Vantlne to keep her company.
Burns gradually threaded his way up with
Redwald and. catching Candles all out
won driving by half a length in 1:13%,
Vantine led Afghan out for third place."
i The mile selling; run looked such a cer
tainty on paper for Commissioner Forster
that the books, held the colt a 2 to 5
chance. % Arigato and Ada N cut out the;
running for over three-quarters of the dis
tance, ?.when' Jackson sent- the favorite
along. He scored handily in 1:41%. Under
O'Connor's. urging, Cougar got up in time
to beat Ada N for the place. ;
Sending Quietto. the post wearing blink-'
ers .worked wonders with- - the Goldfinch;
,colt. Quoted a 5 to 1 chance in the betting
: in the six and a , half j furlong run, he
picked up 122 pounds and won running
away. Mounce, on Jingler, the 4 to 5 fa-;
vorite, rode as if he thought the distance
to be covered was four miles, and succeed
ed in losing the place to Chftndoo, a 10 to 1
shot. ,", /
Sharp Bird finally struck some company
in the first event that he could defeat. The
Ezell and Lazarus - sprinter .went to the
post an. 8 to 5 favorite; and won going
away at the end. Hoar, on. Dollie "Weith
off, finished second, a length before Ti-:
buron." • . ?.;¦.'.«* • .->;''¦ - -
After the successes of Sharp" Bird • and
Commissioner Forster,, favorites played in
hard luck, failing, to take- a purse. Red
wald, piloted by Tommy- Burns, furnished
the. biggest surprise of the "afternoon by
beating si field of sprinters in the fifth
event at odds of 15 and 20 to 1. .
f Over, a' fast track and /'with twelve
pounds off, the black colt won the Macdon
oughfhandicap, yesterday. , in, .rag time,
leading. old.Floronso out with pounds to
spare in 1:40%. -Unfortunately. Jake Holt
man. was .not seen/at . h^s. best- .With. . the,
barrier, for. the chances of Watercure, the.
7 to 10 favorite, carrying top weight and
ridden by Lee Jaokson, were ruined at the
start; . the;: chestnut not '.- - being, exactly
straight when the webbing flew in the air.
MacGyle,the only other starter, "was also
away poorly.- Three toil was laid about
the winner. '-',-. . • . / .' I- " , ' . •¦ -"
©N Saturday last at Oakland the
three-year-old Corrlgan : helped
lighten ' "Plunger" Lewis' bank
roll and also caused much grief
among*, the smaller fry by. finish/:
ing next to, last in the Lissak handicap.
THE CALL'S RACING .FORM -CHART.
Watercure Receives a ; Bad Start, Finishing a Poor Third— -Redwald,
Piloted by Tommy Burns, Takes a Purse at Odds of 20 to I.
- Quiet ; an Easy Winner—- Four Choices Meet Defeat at Oakland
Will Fight. Either Root
. or Gardner in Feb
ruary./
JOE CHOYNSKI
TO MEET WINNER
CORRIGAN EASILY CAPTURES
THE MACDONOUGH HANDICAP
NORTHEASTER SINKS SCHOONER
AND DAMAGES MUCH PROPERTY
Lumber-Laden Scow Goes lo the Bottom a Hopeless Wreck, .-Pile-
Drivers Run Amuck and Wharves and- Shipping Generally Suf
l. fer From Storm That Stirred Up the Harbor for Over Ten Hours
THE SAN FRANCISCO Gj^LL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1902.
4
Steamer. •
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Sequoia. ...
Arcata. . „ .
Chehalls . . .
Nome City.
Cops Bay..
H. K. Maru
January j 30. 1 |
Grays Harljor . ......
•Coos p. & Pt. Orford.
Grays Harbor . .". . . . j
Los Angeles Ports..
San Pedrd & Way..
China & Japan
January 31.
Hamburg & -Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports..
Fcbx-awiry 1.
Grays Harbor ..'.."..
Coos Bay .;..... •",.
Humboldt .......?:.i
Point Arena, . . : .....
Seattle & N. What..
February 2. •
Astoria ¦ & Portland.
Seattle ' & Tacoma. .
San Diego & Way.,
February 3.' .*
Humboldt ' '. . . .....;.
Newport &,Way....
Grays Harbor ...;,.
February 4. I
Humboldt ....'......
1 I February 5. .
San Diefto & Way..
Puget Sound Ports.:
Coquille River ......
Willapa Harbor . . . .
February O. ;
Grays Harbor .'. . . . : .
Hamburg & Way Pts
Valparaiso & ¦• Way . .
Sydney & Way Pts : .
Portland. & .Coos. B.
Gray* Harbor. ."...:.
. February 7. ¦ |
Astoria & ¦¦ Portland . I
N. York via Panama
China and Japan...
Mexican Ports.......
112 .m
.12 in
5 pm
3 pm
9 am
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 28
«er 3
Pier 11
PMSS
Nlcarta
Queen. . . . .
ii'am
Pier 34
Pier 9
M. Dollar.
Empire....
l J on!ona. ..
Pt. Arena..
Rainier.:,''.
5 pm
12 m
l:30p
2pm|
5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
[Pier l)
|Pier 2
Pier 2
Columbia.. .' .
J. Klmball.
Spokane'. . .
11 ami
10 am
9 am
I Pier 2*
Pier 2
Pier 11
Eureka.'.'..
Bonlta.....'
Newburg.. I
9 am
9 am
5 pm
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
North Fork
19 am
Pier,' 2
State Cal..
Umatllla. .'.
Mandalay..
Rival.......
9 .am
11 am
S pm
5 pm
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Q. Dollar. .
Denderah..
Tucapel...
Sierra;.'...
Alliance...
Coronado..
5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 1.0
Pier 7
Pier—
Pier 2
-.-.¦. . -.
10 am
5 pm
G.' Elder..
L«elanaw.'.'
China...:.
Curacao... ,
111 ami
2 pm
1 pm
10 am
;¦¦¦¦¦¦ '
lPlor24
PlerlC
PMSS :
Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Du*.
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Crescent City Crescent City Jan. 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 30
fcanta. Kosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena. ; . Jan 30
Pomona. Humboldt Jan. 30
Newburg Grays Harbor' ..'.Jan 30
Victoria...... Oyster Harbor. Jan. 30
Aztec Tacoma ...Jan. 31
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 31
Leelanaw New York via Panama. Jan. 31
Denderah Seattle Jan 31
?* m £ !r .^-----' Coos ?ay • ... Jan. 31
M. Dollar. ... San Pedro * Feb *1
Pleiades..... Seattle ................. Feb' 1
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Peb' / 1
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Feb'f l
Mackinaw... Tacoma Peb" ; 1
Eureka. Humboldt-..:....... . Feb' 1
Umatllla. /. . . Puget Sound Ports.. '.. Feb" T
North Fork.. Humboldt ..'........I" Feb 1
Sta. Barbara. Hureboldt "Feb' "1
H. Dollar...; Seattle & Hadlock .... ' Feb 2
.Coronado.... Grays Harbor '" Feb* 2
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria...... Feb* 2
Mandalay. . ; . Coqullle River. ........ Feb' s>
Rival.., Willapa Harbor Feb' 2
Slate Cal. . . . San Diego & Way Ports. Feb" 5
G. Dollar . . . . Grays Harbor ; . . . Feb" 3
Fulton..' . Grays Harbor. ........". Feb a
Alliance Portland & Way. Ports. Feb" i
G. W. EWer.. Portland & Astoria .... Feb *
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Feb' 4
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb' 5
Czarina .... Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Feb 6
fean^a Ana^. Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb' 5
CltyPuebla.,' Puget Sound Ports.... Feb' 8
Spokane..... San -Diego & Way Pts... Feb' 6
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. Feb. 7
Doric China and Japan . . . . . . . Feb. 7
.-.. Steamer. .. ' " :\ , ,r< IFmP&gSSffiflffl Bails..
Cottage 'City.* Skagway 1 & Way Ports. Jaii'. v 30
City. Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
Al-Ki........ Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. '-'4
Dlrigp Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. t 5
Bertha. .¦.:... Valdez & Way "Ports;'.". Feb. 7
Dolphin. . Skagway & Way Port*. Feb. 10
Steamer.
For.
III
Time!
H W
7-26
5:14
6:00
L "VV
0:10
1:06
1:GS
2:40
3:31
Time
Ft. /—
.-->¦:" LW
r i!2io759
5.1 12:03
5.0 1:00
•- H-W
2.9 6:50
¦A.6 7:35
I 2.9 8:18
;.2.9 9:00
2.S 9:40
m
Time '.'"'
-- — Ft.
H W "
6:13 3.7
6:33 3.8
7:50 ,3.6
1:50 ,0.8
2:35 - 0.5
aT:14 : 0.2
3:00 0.0
4:26—0.1
Time
L W
10:20
11:15
Ft,'/;/
30
31
'1
¦'1.8
;1.5
, 1.2
" 2.S
2.7
S
¦'4
5
6
i B.O
5.0
*;5.1
,61
J 5.2
H W
8:54
9:44
10:25
11:01
11:36
¦¦ 3.8
4.0.
'4.3
4.+
4.6
Steamer. •
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Sequoia. ...
Arcata. . „ .
Chehalls . . .
Nome City.
Cops Bay..
H. K. Maru
January j 30. 1 |
Grays Harljor . ......
•Coos p. & Pt. Orford.
Grays Harbor . .". . . . j
Los Angeles Ports..
San Pedrd & Way..
China & Japan
January 31.
Hamburg & -Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports..
Fcbx-awiry 1.
Grays Harbor ..'.."..
Coos Bay .;..... •",.
Humboldt .......?:.i
Point Arena, . . : .....
Seattle & N. What..
February 2. •
Astoria ¦ & Portland.
Seattle ' & Tacoma. .
San Diego & Way.,
February 3.' .*
Humboldt ' '. . . .....;.
Newport &,Way....
Grays Harbor ...;,.
February 4. I
Humboldt ....'......
1 I February 5. .
San Diefto & Way..
Puget Sound Ports.:
Coquille River ......
Willapa Harbor . . . .
February O. ;
Grays Harbor .'. . . . : .
Hamburg & Way Pts
Valparaiso & ¦• Way . .
Sydney & Way Pts : .
Portland. & .Coos. B.
Gray* Harbor. ."...:.
. February 7. ¦ |
Astoria & ¦¦ Portland . I
N. York via Panama
China and Japan...
Mexican Ports.......
112 .m
.12 in
5 pm
3 pm
9 am
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 28
«er 3
Pier 11
PMSS
Nlcarta
Queen. . . . .
ii'am
Pier 34
Pier 9
M. Dollar.
Empire....
l J on!ona. ..
Pt. Arena..
Rainier.:,''.
5 pm
12 m
l:30p
2pm|
5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
[Pier l)
|Pier 2
Pier 2
Columbia.. .' .
J. Klmball.
Spokane'. . .
11 ami
10 am
9 am
I Pier 2*
Pier 2
Pier 11
Eureka.'.'..
Bonlta.....'
Newburg.. I
9 am
9 am
5 pm
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
North Fork
19 am
Pier,' 2
State Cal..
Umatllla. .'.
Mandalay..
Rival.......
9 .am
11 am
S pm
5 pm
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
Q. Dollar. .
Denderah..
Tucapel...
Sierra;.'...
Alliance...
Coronado..
5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 1.0
Pier 7
Pier—
Pier 2
-.-.¦. . -.
10 am
5 pm
G.' Elder..
L«elanaw.'.'
China...:.
Curacao... ,
111 ami
2 pm
1 pm
10 am
;¦¦¦¦¦¦ '
lPlor24
PlerlC
PMSS :
Pier 11
III
Time!
H W
7-26
5:14
6:00
L "VV
0:10
1:06
1:GS
2:40
3:31
Time
Ft. /—
.-->¦:" LW
r i!2io759
5.1 12:03
5.0 1:00
•- H-W
2.9 6:50
¦A.6 7:35
I 2.9 8:18
;.2.9 9:00
2.S 9:40
m
Time '.'"'
-- — Ft.
H W "
6:13 3.7
6:33 3.8
7:50 ,3.6
1:50 ,0.8
2:35 - 0.5
aT:14 : 0.2
3:00 0.0
4:26—0.1
Time
L W
10:20
11:15
Ft,'/;/
30
31
'1
¦'1.8
;1.5
, 1.2
" 2.S
2.7
S
¦'4
5
6
i B.O
5.0
*;5.1
,61
J 5.2
H W
8:54
9:44
10:25
11:01
11:36
¦¦ 3.8
4.0.
'4.3
4.+
4.6
.-.. Steamer. .. ' " :\ , ,r< IFmP&gSSffiflffl Bails..
Cottage 'City.* Skagway 1 & Way Ports. Jaii'. v 30
City. Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
Al-Ki........ Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. '-'4
Dlrigp Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. t 5
Bertha. .¦.:... Valdez & Way "Ports;'.". Feb. 7
Dolphin. . Skagway & Way Port*. Feb. 10
Steamer.
For.
Steamer.
From.
I Du*.
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Jan. 30
Crescent City Crescent City Jan. 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 30
fcanta. Kosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 30
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena. ; . Jan 30
Pomona. Humboldt Jan. 30
Newburg Grays Harbor' ..'.Jan 30
Victoria...... Oyster Harbor. Jan. 30
Aztec Tacoma ...Jan. 31
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 31
Leelanaw New York via Panama. Jan. 31
Denderah Seattle Jan 31
?* m £ !r .^-----' Coos ?ay • ... Jan. 31
M. Dollar. ... San Pedro * Feb *1
Pleiades..... Seattle ................. Feb' 1
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Peb' / 1
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Feb'f l
Mackinaw... Tacoma Peb" ; 1
Eureka. Humboldt-..:....... . Feb' 1
Umatllla. /. . . Puget Sound Ports.. '.. Feb" T
North Fork.. Humboldt ..'........I" Feb 1
Sta. Barbara. Hureboldt "Feb' "1
H. Dollar...; Seattle & Hadlock .... ' Feb 2
.Coronado.... Grays Harbor '" Feb* 2
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria...... Feb* 2
Mandalay. . ; . Coqullle River. ........ Feb' s>
Rival.., Willapa Harbor Feb' 2
Slate Cal. . . . San Diego & Way Ports. Feb" 5
G. Dollar . . . . Grays Harbor ; . . . Feb" 3
Fulton..' . Grays Harbor. ........". Feb a
Alliance Portland & Way. Ports. Feb" i
G. W. EWer.. Portland & Astoria .... Feb *
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Feb' 4
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb' 5
Czarina .... Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Feb 6
fean^a Ana^. Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb' 5
CltyPuebla.,' Puget Sound Ports.... Feb' 8
Spokane..... San -Diego & Way Pts... Feb' 6
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. Feb. 7
Doric China and Japan . . . . . . . Feb. 7
1 STOP THE PAIN! 1
I It Tel |s You That Your Kidneys and I
I Vital Organs Are Breaking Down. |
g i Wrieri you feel a pain in your «
S •''¦ff^-^f back you had better attend to it. »
i» ' ' , . %^|^^- These pains are messages teliihg-S
Q V'iW? >* ou of worn-out nerves, weafcvS
Ypu know, the cause, and^ you S
R JM| I >o] A (A now what it^means, so look to «
I • !| ¦* W" Dr " McI - au g h tfn's Electric %
;§ '¦''¦'¦- Belt will cure in ten days. It re- S
¦I J™& -S" fj stores the warm, healthy life to |
¦? 1 i^^r "^ nerves and kidneys. ¦. g'
5 - I JtlSSf t *~ 1^».i'*.^ a < Mr. Wm. Bowen. Pokegama. Or., writes Nov <S
,V It 10th: "The Belt did me good the minute I put. '<%
0 TK| J 1/ ' it on. My back is better anJ my ktdnevn are '«%'
:O . •"• ¦> •* U in good shape now. I think" every man' should <%
g . ¦ M ... ',\U •* / '- ;--. ; have one of" your Belts." *
« j ? ve tY,,^ n^ n^, Y ho haa Pain or weak^e^s should have. one. It saves o
g^ doctor bills and lots of trouble. r " ;' : . " »*'o
¦ g- •••r-CaU'and'test.it'free, or let me send you niy book describing how I m-o -" o
g" Inclose .this : ad.'" . ~ '.' ." ' ¦ . : , - , ri . • . • " " O
DP Mf! MpT aiichlin 7Q2 a ? k9 v St , Cqp. Kearay 0
1 Ul •• «f« Vr lUUl44Ugfllin,- (L o tt V ?F ountaln); San Francisco S
K ••.:'¦ ;>¦.; Office Hours— 8 a.' m. t« 8:30 p,' _m. Sundays, 10 to 1.' ', S
6 «ever soto Br or b»(/G STOflES. <^
breast, though
they are liable to appear upon other parts
of the body. When they begin to spread
and eat into the fiesh, sharp, piercing
pains are felt as the underlying tissue is
destroyed and the tender nerves exposed.
Cancerous sores develop from very trifling
causes; a carbuncle or boil, swollen gland,
a little watery blister on the tongue or
lip, a wart, mole or bruise of some kind
becomes an indolent, festering sore,
which ia time degenerates into cancer.
"Ten. years ago Z
had a sore on my left
tempi*, which, the
doctors pronounced
a cancerous ulcer;
it would itch, burn,
and bleed, then scab
over, but would
never heal. Aftar
taking- S. S. S. awhile
the sore began to
discharge, and when
all tho poisonous
matter . had passed
out it mot -well. I
took in all about
thirty bottles, continuing it for tome
time after the sore had healed, to bo
sure all the poison was put of my sys-
tem. Have seen no sig-n of the cancer
in ten years. JOSEPHUS KEID,
Gant, Audrian Co.,~ Mo.
S^^k possessing purifying
*3J3/ <%£? that no other medicine
does, contains nothing that could derange
the system. • While cleansing the blood
it also builds up the general health.
If vou have a suspicious sore, or other
bloocf trouble, send for our; free book on
Blood and Skin Diseases, and write to us
for any information or advice wanted;
we make"no charge for this service! • -
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. S
fr A\ 1TW /V *> are most f re "
II i^ I* 4T quently to be
Cancerous
ADVEaTISEMENTS.Anna M. Smith yesterday began suit
against Florence Smith for $50,000 dam
ages for the alleged alienation of the af
fections of the plaintiff's husband. Charles.
Anna claims that Florence exercised her
wiles over susceptible Mr. Smith last July.
Anna and Charles were married in July,
1895. :
Husband's Affections Valuable.
During the evening Professor George
Miehling. the wrestling Instructor, was
presented with a gold watch by his pupils
The presentation was made by 6. A
Hensley and Miehling made a stammering
response.
The drill pi eighteen cadets from the
Mount Tamalpals Military Academy, un
der the leadership of Captain Murdock,
was a fine feature. Professor Louis
Tronchet and E. Orton gave exhibitions
with the broadsword and with rapiers,
both of which were warmly applauded
Charles Carroll's fine manipulation of the
punching bag was greatly appreciated.
Exciting boxing bouts were given by J.
M. Lundie and James Pallas, Louis Rich
ards and Joseph Collins. The Garcia
brothers did a clever slack wire. act and
Du Bell followed with some excellent
trapese work which roused general ex>
citement. His apparent fall while balanc
ing himself blindfolded evoked many fem
inine shrieks. The closing number was an
act by a family of acrobats from the
Orpheum, and being professional was
necessarily of the character to enthuse.
The events were under the general di
rection of John A. Hammersmith. The
rendition of the programme proceeded
without a hitch and each number was
loudly applauded^ Otto Rittler opened the
evening with some fine club swinging.
The Leando brothers followed with com
edy acrobatics. There were several hotly
contested wrestling bouts between Charles
Jenkins and G. A. Hensley, each winning
a fall. Ixmls Kullmaii and Edward B\
Murphy also won honors. George Schlit
ter and O. Rittler then did some excellent
work on the rings.
The gymnasium of the Olympic Athletic
Club was crowded to its capacity last
night, the occasion being ladies' night.
Hundreds of women and their escorts wit
nessed a programme which for diversty
of number and excellence surpassed any
previous exhibition given under the • aus
pices of the club.
Fine Programme Rendered by
Muscular Members of
Organization.
Gymnasium of Olympic
Olub Crowded by
Fair Sex.
LADIES WITNESS
ATHLETIC FEATS
PRESIDENT OF THE WOMAN'S AUXILIARY OF THE CALIFORNIA
SOCIETY OF PIONEERS, ONE OF THE PATRONESSES AND A
YOUNG ARTIST WHO WILL APPEAR AT THE HOSPITAL. BENEFIT
The following resolution was recently
adopted by Unions 25 and 205 of the Broth
erhood of Boiler Makers and Iron Ship
Builders:
Whereas, After eight months of one of the
greatest struggles in the history of our or
ganization we find that there are still some
firms which refuse to grant us the nine-hour
day; and .
Whereas, We the members of Lodges 25 and
205 firmly believe that our demands are fair
and just and . that the employers can well af
ford to grant; therefore, be it
Resolved,' That we the members of this union
do hereby . pledge ourselves to continue this
struggle until our demands are granted.,
M. PURCELL. President Lodge No. 25.
ALEX CLELAND, Secretary Lodge No. 25.
B E. DAY; President Lodge No. 205.
FRANK MAHER. Secretary Lodge No. 205.
Will Prolong the Strike.
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Clark. Dr. and
Mrs. O. H. Jenks, Rev. and Mrs. Rellly. "Arch
deacon and Mrs. and Miss Emery. Rev. and
Mrs. W. H. Brewer, Rev.. Frederick "W. Clara
pett. Rev. and Mrs. L. C. Sanford, Rev. and
Mrs. W. Bours, Rev. and Mrs. B. O. Kell«y,
Rev. and Mrs. J. C. Lincoln, Rev. and Mrs.
Samuel J. Lee,. Rev. and Mrs. Hitchcock. Rev.
and Mrs. D. H. Benson, the Revs. J. P. Tur
ner, E. McGowan, A. C. Wilson. Galwey, C.
M. Hoge, Hobart Chetwood, B. M. Weedon,
\V. C. Shaw, D. C. Gardner. C. O. Tillotson,
the Misses Kellogg, Hill, Alice E. Wilson,
Annie Young, Suzanne Hayes. Anna Gray,
Esther Phillips. Maud Lewis, Ring wait. Hough
ton, E. M. Dorsey. Mrs. W. C. Morrow, Mrs.
Woods, Mrs. E. R. Olllver, Mrs. Kelsey, Mrs.
J. D. Ruggles, Mrs. . F. C. Young, Dr. G. H.
Powers; Mrs. and Miss Powers, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry -. Euler, Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Braden,
Colonel George H. Wall Is, Mrs. and Miss Wal
lis, Mrs. M. - M. Bruce, Mrs. Florence Moore.
Mr. and Mrs.' Hook. Mr. and Mrs. Rlxford and
Mr. and Mra.Wllkins.
»___ - - - ' __ .
Bishop and Mrs. Nichols held a recep
tion at . the Occidental Hotel last evening
which was largely attended by visiting
delegates to the diocesan convention.
There were also many members present .of
the several Protestant Episcopal churches
of San Francisco. A selected orchestra
rendered national and popular airs in the
hall of the hotel. The reception will be
numbered among the most brilliant of the
season. ,
Among those present were:
Hospitality to Colaborers.
Bishop Nichols' and Wife Extend
ENTERTAIN- THE DELEGATES.
- A quarter of a century ago Sisters Mag
dalen and Constance decided to establish
a home for ' their order in some part, of
the United States.- The order was organ
ized ¦ in Omaha and has been spread
throughout the West. In Omaha the or
der- has- .prospered and. large improve
ments j have just been' made to . the . con
vent so that facilities are at hand for the
treatment of diseases of all, descriptions.
The. work\of Sister- Constance among
the poor has been most praiseworthy in
this city and the sisters' are revered
among the poor. Several- hundred. of the
poor waited at the convent door for the
tidings from the mother superior when
the crisis in her illness was known to be
at hand. ' -'
Sixty-four - years ago the sister was
born in the Castle of St. Angelo. at Rome,
while her father was - Governor, of the
Italian ¦ capital. She was! a descendant
of the -famous. house of Bentivoglio and
one of her brothers,' Count Bentivoglio, is
prominent- among Italian noblemen of
the day. Her father was a native of
Bologna, Italy, 'and all her relatives are
still in Europe with the exception of Sis
ter Magdalen, whd Is mother superior of
the Convent, of St. -Clare, at Evansville,
Ind., a branch of the Omaha institution.
For twenty' years - the - mother superior
has not set .foot. outside. the walls of the
convent, but she had been able'neverthe
less to - direct- the administration of ex
tensive charities.,. •
OMAHA, Neb.,; Jan. 29.— Sister Mary
Constance j Ben tlvoglio, 'mother ' superior
of the" Omaha Convent of St. Clare, and
cousin'of Pope Leo, lies. dead in the re
ligious house at Twenty-ninth and Ham
ilton streets. ' '';"".
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Notable Work Done by the Estimable
Woman " During Long Service
' on " Religious Lines in" :
'. TbJs'Coiontry.
Member of i Famous Family
in Italy Completes Her
. Career.
Mother Superior of Con
vent in Omaha Passes
; ; ; Away.
DEATH CALLS
THE COUSIN
OF POPE LEO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ JANUARY 30, 1902.
The Bal Poudre given last evenine un
der the auspices of twenty-two young la
dies in the smart set was a brilliant suc
cess, and as most of the young patron
esses were debutantes they are to be con
gratulated for having such .wise heads on
young shoulders. They managed 'the af
fair quite alone and each contributed her
share toward the total expense of the co
tillon. Bach member invited ten guests,
and one glance at Cotillon Hall last
evening was assurance enough that no
one stayed at home. The hostesses had
sent forth the fiat that no costuming was
expected, but that the hair was to be
powdered with true, colonial whiteness;
also that men -of the army and navy
• ":¦¦- • ".-'¦ •
President, Mrs. John H. Jewett: vice presi
dents, Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs. James Neall,
Mrs. John M. Burnett, Mrs. Samuel Holladay,
Mrs. John Bid well. Mrs. John C. Fremont;
corresponding: secretary, Mrs. George Oulton.;
recording secretary, Mrs. George J. Bucknall;
treasurer, Mrs. Christian Rels; historian, Mrs.
Peer Tiffany; board of directors — Mrs. John
H. Jewett, Mrs. Georce Oulton, Mrs. E. Burke
Holladay, Mrs. Elizabeth Tallant Brice, Mrs.
Georee J. Bucknall. Mrs. James Neall, Miss
Nellie M. Lowry, Mrs. John F. -Swift. Mrs.
Samuel Holladay, Mrs. Peer Tiffany, Mrs.
Aylett R. Cotton, Miss Margaret O'Callajjhan,
Mrs. Milan Soule, Mrs. Louis Aldrkh and Mrs.
Louis Bloss.
The Initiatory step in the organization
of the society was taken during the gold
en jubilee celebration In 1898. For the con
ception of the' idea credit must be given
to Mrs. John H. Jewett, wife of the presi
dent of the Society of California Pioneers
and a social leader, famed not- only for
the charming hospitality dispensed at her
own home, but also for the notable suc
cess achieved by "her in the management
of many of the functions which San Fran
cisco society has in the past recorded as
most enjoyable. .
The following women represent the so
ciety:
Upon its roll are many names that In
the preceding generation meant all that
was highest and best of the social life of
San Francisco, and some of the old-tirr.e
charming hospitality for which the early
days were noted may be looked for in the
entertaining of these ladies.
The Women's Auxiliary is a new or
ganization comprised of women whose
husbands or fathers belong to. the Society
of California Pioneers, and the fact that
they have recently filed articles of incor
poration is one of social as well as his
torical interest, inasmuch as this formal
act was the final step In the formation of
this most exclusive society, which prom
ises, if the names of the officers and its
charter roll of membership are any cri
terion, to become to California what the
Society of Colonial Dames is to America
generally. ,
THE Women's Auxiliary of the So
ciety of California Pioneers has
iTent out invitations for an assem
bly at Pioneer Hall to celebrate
the anniversary of the ceding of
California to the United States by Mex
ico. Saturday • afternoon; February 1.
from 3 to 6 o'clock, is the time appointed
for the assembly, which will, be one of
the most important social events of the
season. Invitations issued have included
the army and navy, the universities, the
consuls and people of prominence socially
throughout the State. The names of the
ladies who receive are representative and
the gathering will no doubt be a notable
one.
Only Reliable Coal'. Dealers
Sell Tesla Briquettes,,, $0 per ton. Best and
cheapest ¦: fuel . for kitchen and gTate. Phone
South 05 about them. ¦ ¦ •
- George' Sauer, special officer; at * the : Ris
don ' Iron ; Works; will ' to-day, be : held ' to
answer;, before 'J the . Superior Court " j by
Judge. Mogan on : the -charge of assault to
murder in $2000 bonds. The Judge allowed
Sauer .r till .!to-day to procure; his -bonds.
He is charged with firing several shots at
.workmen employed " on i the new gasometer
for the Independent Gas Company at the
Potrero. / : . :
Sauer Will Be Held.
: Divorces were granted yesterday'to'Jo
hanna Smith from. Milton^J. Smith for'
•failure ' to provide,' Gustave Allstead from
Elizabeth : Allstead * for.', habitual:, intem
perance and •-'. Catherine V Corwell ¦ from
James Corwell for. failure to provide.t-
Suits .for divorce were filed .by .( Mary
Van Tassel against James Van Tassel for
desertion, Elrick Sherberg against Amelia
Sherberg for desertion and Nonle Barrett
against Maurice Barrett for. cruelty.
In. the Divorce Court.
¦:¦ As soon as he regained his senses Chi
cou,went ..tolthe Central police station,
where he reported the robbery to Clerk
Fltzhenryv :¦ He describes his assailant ' as
being - v about - 5 ; feet 8 inches in . height,
heavily built and wearing a dark mus
tache.-He says he will be able to identi
fy him' in' case he falls into the hands of
the police. ¦ ' ' - • •
¦ L : ''y'x ; Who Escapes. '.. ¦',',
John:Chlcou, who-conducts a plumbing
shop at 6 Summer street, was- the victim
of. an unusually. 'bold robbery last even-
Ing. • ' V ¦ v "¦¦¦¦ ¦ ' - - ¦¦ ¦
¦ Shortly . after 1 6 o'clock Chicou started
to leave ; his place of business, when a
rough ; (looking man accosted him and
asked •• f or ¦ a . match.: While . Chicou : was
searching his vest '•. pocket '. for a ' match
the j stranger, struck -him. a' terrific blow
on the 'jaw, him to the ground.
The -robber.; then searched Chlcou's
pockets, staking $270 and a gold watch.
After robbing his 'victim of his timepiece
and money the ,; desperate : fellow., kicked
Chicou'; several ;; times, evidently for the
purpose of preventing him from following
him. > ; He. then walked along the street to
California and disappeared in the dark
ness/- ¦¦• " ; ._. ¦-':¦:¦ ¦'¦ ". v. - \\ ¦' : '¦ ;'-, '... .' ¦.
Beaten by. an Unknown Thug,
John Chicou, a Plumber, Is Severely
The police were notified yesterday that
George Knoblock, aged 14 years, was dy
ing at his parents' residence, 3165 Folsom
street, from a, fractured skull received in
a fight with John ; Glasson, a boy : about
the same age, at ;, the Eureka f Boiler
Works some days ago. It is claimed for
Glasson that he knocked Knoblock down,
and in falling Knoblock'* head struck
against a- vise. . On the other hand, it ¦ is
alleged that Glasson struck Knoblock on
the head with a piece of Iron. - . -
Glasson was taken from the City, Prison
by Detective '¦ Freel yesterday morning,
and accompanied by Louis Ward of the
District ¦; Attorney's office went to the
Knoblock. residence to get the dying boy's
ante-mortenr statement. ; Knoblock; re
fused to' say that he believed he- was
about to die and Ward did not take his
statement, as it would be of no force or
effect.'- Glasson. has been charged with as
sault to murder 'and. the case, is pending
in Judge Mogan's court.,-
George Knoblock With Whom He
Sad a Fight Is Reported to the
• Police as .Dying.
BOLD EOBBEE •R-R.TTTAT.Tyy
;¦¦;¦, ASSAULTS HIS VICTIM
Mr. Smith is connected, with the firm of
Sloss & Gerstle and has a host of friends
in San Francisco.
• Missrlrma Dresbach, a sister, was maid
of honor. She was gowned In pink organ
die over taffeta, with pink ribbon garni
ture, and carried a bouquet of Bridesmaid
roses. .The gifts received were numerous
»nd costly. .¦> '
Mr. and Mrs. Smith have left for a' wed
ding.trip, but did not confide their destina
tion. ; In: a couple of .weeks they will re
turn to San Francisco and . live at 2405
Octavia street. .
The bride was charming in a gown -of
white .. samite, with - garniture of . lace.
The white tulle veil was held in place by
a , diamond, the gift of the groom. The
bride carried a shower bouquet of lilies
of the • valley and hyacinths. William
Dresbach, a brother of the bride, gave
her into the keeping of the groom. Lance
lot Smith, brother of the groom, was best
man.. .• ' ..':¦ . . . • '. ¦
; It was .a pink wedding. .The drawing
rooms' were decorated in foliage, with
frequent , vases of pink roses and car
nations arranged with artistic effect.
Miss Florence Dresbach and Woodley
Bates Smith" were the principals of a very
pretty wedding last evening at the home
of the bride's mother, Mrs. William Dres
bach. 2405 Octavia street. Rev. William
K. Guthrie of the First Presbyterian
Church, -performed the ceremony which
made the couple husband and wife.
Over. seventy-five friends of the family
were present, representing San Franciso'a
exclusive circles. ' ¦¦.:.¦.
Tickets may be procured at the Grand
Opera-house; at Sherman Clay &
Co. s; at the hospital, , 1007 -Sutter
street, and from the following' mem
bers of ¦¦-, the committee: Mrs. . Wil
lis G. Dodd, Mrs. Partridge and Mi*s
Jacks, and from Mrs. D. J. Murphy, 129
Liberty street; Mrs. John I. Sabin, 2828
California street; Mrs. C. T. Deane. 1217
Washington street; Mrs. Isaac Hecht.
Jackson and Octavia streets; Mrs. Clar
ence Mann, 3414 Washington street; Mrs.
Arthur Cornwall, Hotel St. Nicholas: Mrs.
J. L. Martel, 2613 Buchanan street, and
Mrs. Redmond Payne, 2670 Pine street.
YOUNG GI*ASSO2T MAY HAVE
TO ANSWER MUHDER CHARGE
Swor and Hathaway, celebrated dancers and
comedians : Gilbert and Gilmore, vocal duo.
first California, appearance, and - "William and
Edith Fletcher in a German comedy skit, "'A
Social Visit." . / ¦ « *
Tickets and boxes t are selling with a
rapidity which indicates a worthy cause
as well as a good entertainment. A large
audience is expected.- The price of ad
mission Is less than is usual at charity
performances, being 50 and 75 cents, while
the programme is longer and more in
teresting. Edwin Arden and his strong
company will ¦ give the entire .play of
"Zorah," which they, a"re appearing in
this week at the Grand Opera-house, in
terspersed . with clever specialties. Be
tween acts one and two the following olio
will be offered at this performance for the
enjoyment of those who aid this worthy
charity:. ; ¦ ¦
The event of this evening will | be the
benefit at the Grand Opera-house for^the
free ward and clinic of the California Eye
and Ear Hospital.
Miss Sophia Fierce, Miss Ethel Cooper, Mfe«
Elizabeth Hun tins ton, Miss Elizabeth , Mills,
Miss Klfile Sperry, Miss Hammond, Miss ilazel
Noonan. Caotaln Johnston, 'Dr. Collins, Dr.
McBean, Lieutenant Brower. Walter Gibbons;
Alfred Poett. Knox Maddox, Dr. Brownell,
Percy Kins and Mr. Goldsborough. i
A delightful dinner was given by Miss
Louise Redington at her home before the
Bal Poudre. • Her guests were:
• . • . »
Miss Kate Brlgham, Miss Alice Brigham,
Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Sophia Pierce Miss
Sprague, Miss Linda Cadwalader, Miss Edith
Huntington. Miss Virginia Rodgers Nokes,
Miss Genevieve King. Miss Anna Foster, Miss
Lucy King, the Misses Harrington, the Misses
Borel. Miss Frances Allen, Miss Marian Cof
fin, Miss . Nadlne Nuttall, Miss Marian Eells,
Miss Alma McClung and Miss Ethel Cooper.
The decorations consisted chiefly of fo
liage and pink flowers, arranged with the
artistic hands of the fair hostesses. The
music was excellent and the dancing con
tinued until 2 o'clock. Those who had the
assembly in chstree are: '
ihould wear full dress uniforms. It was
i quaint assembly and as picturesque a
>ody as has been seen here in many a
lay.
Bal Poudre, Given by Society's Younger Set, Proves Brilliant Sue-
cess Which Entitles Debutantes to "Congratulations for
Meeting Responsibilities Usualiy % Undertaken by Matrons
PIONEER DAMES TO ENTERTAIN;
DRAMA FOR HOSPITAL BENEFIT
5
NSW ADVERTISEMENTS.
iruff it is necessary to kill the germ.
rhere has been no hair preparation that
would do this until the discovery of
Sewbro's Herpicide, which positively kills
the dandruff germ, allays itching instant-
ly and makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
Vt all druggists. Take no substitutes,
rhere is nothing "just as grood."
Ring worm and dandruff are somewhat
similar In their origin; each is caused by
a parasite. The germ that causes dan-
druff digs to the root of the hair, and,
saps its vitality, causing falling hair, and,
finally, baldness. "Without dandruff there
would never be baldness, and to cure dan-
ous Germ.
They Are Each Caused by a Pestifer-
KING WORM AND DANDBUFP.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, ¦ railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every Evening This Week.
¦ ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS — .
EDWIN ARDEN
In an Elaborate Production of
Sir. Ardcn's Picturesque Drama.
Special Engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Gardner
Crane.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. BOc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c:
NEXT "WEEK— Edwin Arden In "JIM THE
PENMAN." '
Special for This (Thursday) Evening,
JANUARY 30. 1902.
Benefit for the Free Ward and Clinic of
California Eye and Ear Hospital.' Edwin
Arden in first production on this coast- of
"Zorah," interspersed with specialties, viz.:
AN OLIO
I.
By £?S^ ey ot Mr - A «5h»e I>vy.
SWOR AND HATHAWAY,
Celebrated Dancers and Comedian*.
II.
GILBERT AND GILMORE
Vocal Duo, ¦
First California Appearance.
IIL
WTLLIAM FLETCHER EDITH
In a German Comedy SWt.
"A SOCIAL VISIT."
POPULAR PRICES 75c. BOc. 25c. 15c, 10c
General Admission.' 50c Reserved Seats. 25c
Extra.
Tickets on sale at the Opera-hduse. Sher-
man A Clay's or at the hospital, 1007 Sutter
St.. of the ticket committee. Mrs. Willis Dodd.
Mrs. Partridge and Miss Jacks. These tickets
may be exchanged at Opera-house and Sher-
Xran » & Clav ' s for reserved seats after Janu-
ary 27.
SPECIAL! FRIDAY. AT 3:15 P. M.
FIRST SYMPHONY CONCERT
Second Series.
PAUL STEINDORFF, Director.
Beats, f 1 60, fl. 75c and BOc. at Sherman,
Pay & Co.'s.
WVLUMTDIA UMHSOTEEME
LAST A NIGHTS.
-'— LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
KIRKE LA SHELLE OPERA CO.
In the Merry Musical Success THE
PRINCESS CHIC
An Elaborate Opera Cpmique.
Last Performance Sunday Mfcht.
Commencing: MONDAY. February 3
VIOLA ALLEN
And Company, Presenting
"In the Palace of the King."
SEAT SALE BEGINS
THIS MORNING.
EXTRA — TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) AFTER-
NOON, Jan. 31, at 3, second recital by
JOSEF HOFMA.HH.
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Scata, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'b.. $2 to BOc.
IMMENSE VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL! "
THE GBEA.T CYCLE WHIRL; SA-
BEL; J0RDA1T AMD CROUCH;
KELLY AND VIOLETTE; DA
OOMA FAMTLY, "AITI* THE BIO-
GEAPH, SHOWING "THE MA-
TRON STAKES." Last times of
the Nambas; Taylor Twin Sis-
ters, and Ada Araoldson.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
*T!VPLJ*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT— REGAL PRESENTATION OF
FRANK D/IINIELS'
GREATEST COMIC OPERA HIT!
The Ameer!
Presented by the REPRESENTATIVE OPERA
COMPANY OF THE COUNTRY!
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
A ISftVTt CITY tUUA
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
A— r TO .jf IGHT _ A]1 thlg weeIc
Matinee Saturday and
Sunday.
TV/T A TV1 FirEt tlm e in this city.
IVl t\ l\! A play that has had the
* ' * * ¦> * country guessing.
f~\ C PRICES— EVps. 10c O
\J |-* 50c. Matinees. 10c. 15c. 25c
MYSTERY
Next Week — "MASTER AXD MAS."
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
ALL THIS WEEK,
"CORALIE & CO."
"DRESSMAKERS."
The BrlKhtset of All French Farces.
Great Palais Royal. Paris, Success.
Everybody and Everything in It Is Funny.
MATLVEE SATURDAY-AND SUNDAY.
Seats on sale elx days in advance.
" PRICES l^c. 25c » 35c - kte' " 5c
KEXT WEEK-^THE DANITES."
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEN HENDRICKS
In the P;onecr Swedish Play.
OLE OLSON.
With the SWEDISH LADIES' QUARTET.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— Jf.
JAMES K. HACKETT'S Bi£ Success,
"THE PRIDE OF JENNICO."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
DR. HALL'S KEINVlGORATORRtgffa
Stops all loses in 24 hours. F"ive hjbsH'uCP
hundred reward for any case we ftffil BQu
cannot cure. This eecret remedy p m
cures Emissions, Impotency, wKPK EB
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. BW ¦ Pntl
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man* U'Jii \i!ili
hood and all other wasting ef- S^yj CSS
fects of self-abuee or excesses. BQuSBMBB
Sent sealed. (2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
nay, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073W
Market «t.; 8. F. Bead for free book.
eL_ 1LJ9 BL_ ei_ i!
Ij S jft Wm^ E*^ if
' ID Wm Ffl D .¦ Hi *
Bi wb K| 59 51
•''"' ¦-' H fig |H HMD
B H m H M
To Kidney Sufferers
An Opportunity
Worthy of
Your Notice.
If you suffer with kidney disease
. or any ailment arising from an im-
proper action of the kidneys or
urinary organs, this offer we make
. to . the people, of .San Francisco
should interest you. In the ad-
vancement of medical science, the
kidneys, the organs of the greatest
Importance! to human- health, have
not been neglected, and in placing
before you such a cure as Doan'd
Kidney Pills ,the proprietors recog-
nize how far so many statements of
- the makers of similar preparations
have fallen short of their claims,
being convinced that no remedy for
. kidney complaints in ' existence
equals Doan's Kidney Pills for such
ailments; strengthened in these
. convictions by letters that are dally
received of the -.vork they are do-
ing for mankind's benefit, old backs
and young backs are being con-
stantly freed from never-ceasing
aches, and many a lame and shat-
tered one. stooped and contracted,
is strengthened, invigorated and in-
fused with new life. "With such a
• medicine an offer of this kind can
be made without hesitancy, for
while we lose the box we give you.
we make a friend that assists ua in
the sale of many others.
FULL BOXES
of Doan's ! Kidney Pills will be
given away free to 500 persons suf-
fering with kidney ailments at the
undersigned address from 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. First come, first served,
and only this one chance offered.
Remember this is not a sample box.
but a regular size box of Doan's
Kidney Pills, which retails at 60
cents. ' ,
REMEMBER—
Free^ Disfribation One
Day Only,
FRIDAY, Jannary 31st,
AT
Wtoug @
South Side. Between Sth and 6th,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Cut this advertisement out and bring
with you.
Sole Agents for the United States,
Foster-Milhurn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.
/ . .
UP-TO-DATE PEOPLE
Are not satisfied with the work of tho
old-time, careless washwoman. They
patronize the United States Laundry,
where they get first-class laundry work-
linen done up with just the right finish.
It's more economical, too— and the goods
last longer.
No saw edge*.
UNITED SL& C - LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Offle* IOv Market St-esS.
Tclephot -South 42O,
Oakland Offlc«-64 San Pablo Ave.
The "Dr. 02 "3&. A I d • n Electrle
Belt" (witti 52&$C • « ¦ p • b aory> Is
guaranteed "^^tv to possess all th*
curative properties of th« expensive belts ¦ .
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current ot electricity and Is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from th« undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call <r r iddress PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., 206 Tosv st.. San Francisco, or
1143 Broadway. New York. •-.
"^^^^^^^^^^¦¦"¦^^¦¦^^^"^^¦¦^¦¦^¦¦¦^^¦¦^
—^ — — — — — — — — —— — — —
- .-' . .. ¦
•• _jam'j ¦¦ *"i _ -. Sis «* Is • non -poisonous
. JrjtStBnSifiY^i,, M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
i»9i<iigr79S S*?'' s P°rmatorrh«a,
iHfer CURES Whites, nnnatnral dis-
HVIg 1 to 6 d»7*. VI charge*, or any inflmmm&-
JfjcfY Qomranteed to *• tion. Irritation or ulcera-
TMMgW u. 3. X. jKSA b7 express, prepaid, for
TWWIfc 1 1O °> or 3 bottles, £2.73.
Circular sent oa request,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
¦ COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
1 f WIT SflV * ffl 90 ° Battery Street.
J« U fflLJl/ii g tU«. Telephone Main lSftt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I4<S RHYFS; £ fft Shipping: Butchers. 104
JA3- DUlEjg \A3 Clay. Tel. Mam 1294.
oils. ;;<-;¦¦¦ .• - .
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD * KI*LI3.
• *18 Front St.. 8. F. Phont Mate 11V).
¦ PRINTING. ¦
F f HTTfiHF^ printer,
g. \. llUUnCj. en Sansome St.. 8. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First street. San Francisco.
:ffB8Hy GaS $1.00 Dsr Year
ASVEBTISEMENTS. ;
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 1ST, 3 P. M.
A*GhLUSpt!£$? R RkCl TAL
assisted by
MISS BESSIE FUHRER, Violinist, and the
NEW VICTOR DISK TALKING MACHINE.
PROGRAMME— PART I.
1. Stradella Overture % Klotow
Throughout the overture. Violin, Flute and
' other orchestral effects (obtainable only with
the Angelus) will be noticed.
2. (a) Prelude op. 3, No. 2....S. Rachmaninoff
<b) En Automme. op. 36, No. 4. .Moszkowskl
(c) Pas Des Ampbores Air de Ballet. No.
2 Chamlnade
3. Violin, Serenade G. Pierne
Miss Bessie Fuhrer.
4. The Burgomaster (selections) Luders
INTERMISSION — During the intermission
the following selections will be rendered by
the "Victor" Monarch Disc Talking Machine.
fa) Zampa. Overture Sousa's Band
(b) "He Laid Away a Suit of Gray, to
Wear the Union Blue" — tenor solo....
Mr. H. Mac Donough
(c) 'Cello Solo — Chopin's Nocturne In
Eb Mr. Alex Heindl
PART II.
5. Ballade in A flat, op. 47 ....Chopin
6.' (a) Fantasie Impromptu, op. 66 Chopin
(b) Country Dance, op. 6. No. 2 Nevin.
7. Rondo Capriccioso Mendelssohn
8. Violin, Cavatlna Raff
• Miss Bessie Fuhrer.
9. Polonaise In E. No. 2..' ...Liszt
The following selections will be rendered
by the "Victor" Monarch Disc Talking Ma-
chine: . • ¦ .
(a.) The Cornfield Medley. .Haydn Quartette
(b) "A Son of the Desert Am I" — bass
boIo W. F. Hooley
(c) "The Washington Post March".
Sousa's Band
All violin selections accompanied by the An-
Kelus. Stelnway Piano used, t ,¦
ADMISSION FREE — But to prevent over-
crowding of the hall tickets should be procured
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s 'Music Store, Kear-
ny and Eutter.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
And the FAT LADIES ON STILTS.
. SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
THE AMATEURS
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
L /
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
The perfect type of the purest
.whiskey. ; Its taste is a treat;
First Called
. and
First Recalled
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO..
Inc., 223-225 California St., San ;
Francisco, Cal. '
Telephone Main 873.
The Maximum
-f - . - ¦ -
Is readied in the production of
BaltiffloreRye
Race* start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
.« r /i T^* b ? a H ! 5* ve 8an FrancUco »t 12 in. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p.m., connecting
with trains stepping at the entrance to th.
Uack. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Bur your
lerrjr tickets to Shell Mound.- All trains rla
Oakland molt connect with Ban Pablo avenus
electric can at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrto
cars *o direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:19
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race. ¦ '
1^ LS wSv« w^ 1 ' LIAMS 3VL " Prealdtttt.
GHA& F. KlICB. B*ZT. **& Y.gr. <;
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
glB|^ RACING
\£/^£*™" Tvery Week Day —
i Rain or Shins. ¦ .- /
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Mrs. Pinkham advises sick wo-
men free. Address, Lynn, Mass.
MRS. HULDA.JAKEMAN
Wife of : President Jakeman of
Elders of the Mormon Church,
Salt Lake City, Utah, Recom-
mends /Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound For Wo-
man's Periodic Pains.
14 Deab Mrs. Pinkham : —Before I
knew of Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable -Compound I dreaded the
approach, of the time for my menstrual
period, as it would mean a couple of
C-. MRS. HULDA JAKEMAN.
days in bed with intense pain and suf>
f erinjj.__ I 'was tinder . the physicians
care for over a year without any relief,
when'my attention was called to Lydia
E. Pinknam's Vegetable Compound by
several of our Mormon women "who
had been cured through its use.
I r began its' systematic use and .im-
proved gradually in health, and after
the use of six bottles my health was
completely restored, and for over two
years I have had neither ache or pain.
You have a truly wonderful remedy foi
women. '.Very; sincerely yours, Mrs.
Huxj)A Jakeman, Salt Lake City, Utah.*
— 96000 forfeit If above testimonial. Is not genuine.
Just as surely as Mrs. Jake-
man was cured just so surely will
Iiydia^E.^Pinkham f s Vegetable
Compound . cure every woman
suffering: from any form of f e-
maleills. .
ATM IIKW'.MTWiTTTS-
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.An Oakland man, involved in the meshes of the
divorce court, has probably found the last reason on
earth for a divorce. He says he scented trouble with
his young wife even before marriage because she pos
itively to make bread such as his mother
had made. ' .
These reports are very different from what we have
been accustomed to 'after, former elections in which
machines were tested. They, point to the conclusion
that! the machines are .by; no means so 'near perfec
tion as was at one time thought. 'When operated as
a novelty : many, voters were_ delighted '.with them, but
now. they long for the old way. : \. Evidently -it-will pay.
California to wait a while : before investing ¦ in the
machines^ , . : .
v In Buffalo the discontent is not quite so great as'
at Syracuse, but' even there complaints are . heard.
In New York City, where no machines were used,
the defective ballots disclosed ; irr-the count; did not
exceed three in every 100 ballots. Possibly a recount
might have shown more than the first 'count, as the
recount in this city is doing, "but, on. the returns as
stated j;he voting machines" are said to give nothing
like so good a showing. In one of the smaller towns,
of the State the machine recorded but three votes for
a popular candidate, and in a contest that followed
many: times that number of ""men swore they voted
for him. ' v " ; ":
Experiments with the machines were more, exten
sively, made in New York than in any^ other State,
and it is from various cities in that commonwealth .
that most of the reports of failure come. In Syra
cuse, where $30,000 was invested inl machines, it is;
said the people have become so dissatisfied with them'
that the city government has adopted an ordinance
dispensing with them hereafter. Among the reasons
given for the public dissatisfaction are. that, the ma
chines destroy the secrecy of the ballot, that -the
voters do not understand them and often become
confused, and that the > average voter finds it impos
sible-to so manipulate them as to vote a split ticket
when he wishes to. IV: V?
FOR one cause or another reports from the East
this year concerning the voting machines in use
during the recent elections are by no means so
uniformly favorable to the machines as they have
been in the past. # In fact, from some quarters the
statement of results is distinctly discouraging and
seems to lead to the conclusion that the machines
are by no means so .perfect as was formerly reported.
VOTING MACHINE % REPORTS.
An inquiring citizen who has been making investi
gations at Washjngton has discovered. that the of
ficers and clerks employed by the Senate draw more
pay in the aggregate than the Senate itself, and^he is
now trying to find out whether they do more work
than the Senators or are employed merely to orna
ment the Capitol.
Since it has-been seemingly so easy to procure the
consent of the Senate to the creation of the Depart
ment of Commerce there ought to be a fighting
chance for. the" Department of Mines: The one
which, has won' favor is certainly 'not more* needed
than'the other. The mining men "should . urge their
While the new department thus organized will
doubtless add to the effectiveness of the national ad
ministration, it can hardly be deemed more neces
sary than a Department of Mines and Mining. To
form the Department of Commerce and Labor- it
has been found- necessary to run a dragnet over the
other departments of the Government and to bring
together a collection of bureaus very slightly related.
Even if the Patent Office be stricken out there will
still remain in the department such bureaus as those
of the Geodetic Survey and the Fish and Fisheries,
which have no bearing upon foreign .commerce- nor
upon domestic labor. This medley of bureaus had to
be. brought together to form a great department.
No such combination would have to be devised in
forming a Department of Mines and Mining. That
industry alone would be sufficient to furnish work
for a Cabinet officer . and half a-dozen. chiefs of
bureaus under, him. ¦
According to a report printed in the Congressional
Record some time ago the branches of the Govern
ment with the number of their employes and aggre
gate salaries which would be placed under the con
trol of the new department were given as -follows:
\ • Aggregate
Employes, salaries.
Lighthouse Board ,32 $39,030
' Life Saving Service 29 42,780
Marine Hospital Service 29 36,100
Steamboat Inspection 7 11,740
Navigation Bureau , 21 j _26,2S0
Immigration Bureau 7 12,410
Bureau of Statistics '.27 #49,550
Coast and Geodetic Survey 202 272,500
Patent Office 605 C92.990
Department of Labor ...78 102,780
Fish and Fisheries ....... .' 38 49,160'
Bureau of Foreign Commerce ..... 10 * 12,720
In addition to those bureaus already existing there
was to be created a bureau of manufactures, which
would have a clerical force of thirty persons at an
aggregate salary of $53,000. y The bill was, amended
in several particulars in the Senate, and according to
the summary given by telegraph the measure as
passed confers upon the department not only the
control of the bureaus specified but also of the Cen
sus Bureau, of Chinese exclusion questions and cf
the consular service so far as it pertains to com
merce. In the telegraphic report the Patent Office
is not included in the list of bureaus transferred to
the department^ so it may be it was stricken out of
the original list. The|^e seems no reason why it
should ever have been included, since the granting of
patents has no close relation to commerce or labor.
/SENATOR NELSON'S bill creating a Depart-
ment of Commerce and Labor was adopted by
the •Senate on Tuesday, and it is believed will
pass the House without difficulty. There was at one
time a report that the new department would have
a bureau of mines and mining, so as to satisfy the de
mand for a better supervision of the mining indus
try, but the report was evidently unfounded, for no
such bureau is included in the list of those assigned
to the department. It is to be indeed a wide
spreading and far-reaching branch of the administra
tion, but it does not reach the mines.
COMMERCE AND LABOR.
Proceedings at Afternoon ' Session.
The ; afternoon session was devoted -' to
In turning from, the material to the spiritual
condition of the church there ', is equal cause
for gratitude and encouragement. Beginning
with tn« "Sunday schools, beyond question tht'
most essential department of church life, the
reports are extremely suggestive. There is a
gain over the previous year of 100 teachers
and an "estimated loss of 200 scholars. .
- Notwithstanding 'the cutting down by many
city parishes of the number of communicants
previously reported, so that the I living may
be reported from the dead, .there Is an increase,
over the report of last year of 500 communi
cants. ' They now number 0648. !
¦ The report was approved and placed on
file. . . ;
" Archdeacon Emery submitted the report,,
of the -Diocesan Board of. Missions. In
part he said: ';.*->¦
"The missionary work in the diocese Is de
veloping on - three clearly defined lines : First,
that of the Bishop himself, who, with the
archdeacon and usually some other clergyman,
visits remote parts of the diocese where there
are no organized missions and no- resident
clergy— during . the. pest year 1600 miles were
traveled and services : were held- -in 'nearly
every town in Mono and Inyo counties; second
the work done by the cathedral staff of I mis
sions, and - third, the regular work in the or
ganized missions of the ¦ board-, with that
of the Cathedral Mission of the Good Sa
maritan. ¦ Efforts have been made ¦ during the
past twelve months to meet the resolutions of
fered last year by theVRev. ¦ E. L. • Parsons and
Major Hooper to diredtnew work to centers
of. population. . I • '•¦¦-¦">
¦ William A. ai. Van Bokkelen, . treasurer
of the diocese, called ¦ attention to ' the
printed report prepared by him. The tabu
lated ; statement shows, that" the diocesan
fund amounts to 56972 33; missionary fund
$8527 70; disbursements, l $8449 4ft; . disabled
clergy, $18,461 75;- widows' and -orphans'
$12,466 41: archdeacon's, $15,038 11.
; 'At 11 o'clock. the convention resolved it
self into 'a -board, of missions in order to
listen to addresses by Rev. P. W. Clamp
ett, D. D.; Rev. Burr M. Weedon and Rev.
E. L. rParsons.' , : r ,
-Dr. 'Clampett spoke; on "Pledging the
Parishes and • Systematic Giving.*' The
address Was a most eloquent one and had
the ' effect of ¦ moving , rectors of many
churches to pledge their -congregations to
give a larger amount* to: the missionary
fund. Pledges amounting to. more than
$3000 were made. '.An effort will be made to
raise $10,000 , this . year. -.
:Rev.- Dr. Weedon dwelt at length" on
.'JThe Education of Laity by Clergy and
What Is Being Done and What Is to Be
Done."; > J - .. .-... .. , - -
Causes for Gratitude.
The financial . condition of the archdiocese
not only Justifies its existence as a wise move
ment in church polity, but has. moreover far
exceeded the expectation of .its strongest ad
vocates. The growth of the second year .will
be apparent from the fact that the salaries and
expenses of the members of the staff, by rea-"
son of -Increased numbers, have exceeded that
of last year by $3500.
The summary of parochial . Improvements
during the last year amounts to §37,24tf 10.
The total of contributions received exceeds that
of the previous year by $54,S:S9 13. The sum
of $933 45 was contributed - during the pust
year for domestic and foreign missions.
Your committee would emphasize the changed
relations entered Into, since the last diocesan
convention, on the subject of missions — the
action of the diocese, on the one hand, in vol
untarily surrendering the annual sum of $000
heretofore received from the Board of Missions
in New York, and the action of the Board of
Missions on the other hand in calling for an
annual apportionment of a sum amounting to
$5272. .Whether this sum shall be realized is
a question which the future alone can deter
mine.
The financial condition shows a remarkable
advance over that of last year. Special at
tention is called to the wholesome state of the
consolidated investment of the perpetual tunds
of the diocese. The management of that trust
has been continued with a primary view to
its ultimate security and the results are euch
as to impart absolute confidence In diocesan
funded interests. One of 'the most encourag
ing, features will be found in the statement of
a perpetual trust received from the heirs of.
Mrs. Samuel M. Wilson, in the sum of $aO0O.
The morning session opened with pray
er, after which there was a discussion
of canons governing the election of rec
tors and the manner in which such elec
tions should be held. Reports of commit
tees were also" received.
i Rev. Frederick WA Clampett, rector of
Trinity Church, chairman of the commit
tee on the standing of the church, read
an Interesting report to the convention.
In part he said:
St. John's ; Church was . crowded
throughout the day. The discussions and
speeches of the delegates, both clerical,
and lay, were eagerly listened to and ap
preciated. . / '. .
THE feature of the Episcopal Dio
cesan Convention yesterday was
I the election of. standing /» commits
.•^•¦¦^teos for the ensuing year. There'
. were many candidates and the bal
loting was close and interesting.
It was proposed by the Rev. Mardon D.
Wilson and adopted unanimously that "a
committee of five be appointed by the
chairman to take into consideration the
whole subject of the relation of the
church in this diocese to the General
Another eloquent speech was delivered
by Henry Highton, who, in pleading for
adequate support of a church paper, allud
ed to the late convention as a moral and
spiritual power which will be long remem
bered. It" was memorable in the history
cf the church; it marked an .epoch. Re
said, not only of the history of the coast
but of the whole of the land and its influ
ence was felt far away in other countries.
» It seems that in the report of contribu
tions to the disabled clergymen's fund
Trinity's amount was omitted on Tues
day. Yesterday Major Hooper stepped
forward and smilingly flourishing a check
for $251 75. said that that was Trinity's
contribution, which he desired should be
recorded. * •
canonical amendments proposed by com
mittees and the reading of reports, nota
bly the annual review, by Bishop Nichols.
'The "Bishop read'a lengthy but none the
less Interesting report for the past year,
showing the amount of labor performed
by him. He spoke eloquently of the great
convention which had brought to Califor
nia so many persons of prominence. The
city has felt the magnificent influence of
that gathering. In concluding the Bishop
paid gentle tribute to their dead associ
ates, and probably to Bishop Whlpple,
whose personal charm and statuesque
figure and loving nature he feelingly de
scribed. Tribute was paid to the memory,
also, of Dr. Littlejohn and the late
Bishop Barker> R. M. Sherman, W. H.
Howard and J. J. Valentine.
Mr. John E. Russell, a deep thinker of Boston,
after maturely meditating upon American history,
has come to the conclusion that the War of the Revo
lution ended in our 'favor not so much because
of the victories at Saratoga' and Yorktown as be
cause the British people were tired of it. This may
be cited as one of the few cases where deep thinking
actually reaches bedrock.
Routine work and the adoption of some
amendments advised by the committee of
canons brought the busy day's proceedings
to a close.
Board *f directors — A. N. Drown. Rev. J.
A. Emery, Herbert Folger. Rev. D. O. Kelley
A. H 4 Phelps and "W.'A. M. Van Bokkelen.
' Diocesan Beard of Mlslons. clerical mem
bers — Rev. T. J. lacy. Rev. L. c. Sanford and
Rev. G. E. Swan. Lay members — George E.
Butler. Dr. H. C. Davis. Dr. J. V. D. Middle
ton and William MIntzer.
Standing: committee, clerical members — Hew
F. "W. Clampett. T>.D. ; Rev. R. C. Koute, Rev.
E. J. Lion and Rev. R. Ritchie. , Lay mem
bers— William Babcock, A. N. Drown, C. D.
Haven, W. B. Hooper.
Delegates to missionary councils — Rev. E. L.
Parsons and G. H. Kellogg'.
The following were the results of tha
elections:
Result of Election.
It was resolved that all future meetings
of conventions shall be held in Grace
Church, which would prove more conven
ient for business *rnen,ancl others engaged
in the city who take part in church, work.
Clergy Relief Society. The committee Is to
report to the next convention what action,
if any, is desirable in the diocese looking
toward the final combination of all efforts
in the matter of clergy relief.
The finance committee and Sunday
school reports were received and adopted.
On the motion of the Rev. R. C. Foute
the Rev. W. H. Brewer was appointed to
the position of registrar of the diocese,
owing to the resignation of the Rev. "W.
McClure. •-,-„
Let. it be borne in mind there is no opposition to
horse racing,. but only to track gambling. Further-,
more, let it be remembered that the protest of the
people should be made at the meeting of the Super
visors on Monday. To sit in idleness until a wrong
be accomplished and -then denounce it is folly.
Action against this wrong should be prompt as well'
as emphatic.
If for any reason the Supervisors should be heed
less of these things the people should compel their
attention. The issue* is .to come- before the board
next Monday. The voice of the protest of San Fran
cisco should be uttered then and uttered emphatically.
It is an issue which concerns alike the homes and
the business of men. There is no class of our peo
ple which has not had some relative or friend brought
to ruin by track gambling. The dreary, dismal rec
ord of thefts, forgeries, embezzlements, murders and
suicides that followed the story of track gambling
when Ingleside was open in the past cannot have
passed away from the minds of the people. For the
sake of saving the city from a repetition of such evils
all good citizens should unite in making a; protest
against the movement to renew the track gambling
privilege.
These particular frauds are not great. They will
not stir indignation like some of the many frauds
and crimes which resulted from track gambling at
Ingleside in the old days. Their occurrence just at
this time, however, renders them pertinent to the
question of reopening Ingleside. They show the na
ture of the frauds and wrongs that are going on all
the time as the inseparable accompaniments of race
track gambling. These have happened this.vveek.
Next week there will be others. This week the
frauds are petty. Next week there may be crimes of
the highest magnitude, murder and suicide.
The other incident is of a very different nature.
A discharged soldier was on Tuesday detected in an
effort to get a cheap ride to Chicago by getting him
self shipped in a box as freight. Taken to the police
station he explained that he had served in' the Phil
ippines and had been honorably discharged . from the
sen-ice. A short time ago he had money to a con
siderable amount, but he "played the races," with the
usual result. He soon found himself unable to pay
his fare to his home, and, despairing of finding em
ployment here, he undertook the risky experiment of
getting himself shipped in a freightcar.
The first case is that of the so-called "Plunger"
Lewis, who after a brief career of success at the track
ended by passing a worthless check upon a confiding
bookmaker. The plunger, when called upon to ex
plain his action in giving the check, is reported to
have said that he had discovered he was being
"jobbed" by certain parties and was playing to get
even. That is a sample of the track gambling fra
ternity. It shows the kind of men who are attracted
to the city by that form of gambling. It is an illus
tration of the sort of people who would hasten to
San Francisco to ply their trade and play their tricks
if once we were to permit this to become a track
gambling resort, as it was in the days before Ingle
side was dosed.
WHILE the Supervisors are pondering
whether or no to reopen Ingleside racetrack
for a season of track gambling current
events are furnishing them with object lessons show
ing the results of that sort of gambling even when
carried on at a distance from the city. Scarcely had
the resolution to permit gambling at Ingleside been
introduced into the board before it was disclosed
that employes of municipal offices have been in the
habit of neglecting their duty and wasting their time
at the racetrack. Now come two other examples of
the consequences of track gambling, each in its way
worthy of more than a passing notice from those who
arc asked to vote in favor of further track gambling.
TRACK GAMBLING RESULTS.
'CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE
ON THE STANDING OP CHURCH
HEADING HIS REPORT.
THURSDAY.. .......JANUARY 30, 100a
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addreei All Cemmuiettioni to W. S. LEASE, Kimger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE ....... Telephone Prei» SO4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Biartet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2. - ..
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall, Including Postages
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAH.T CAXX, <lnclttdtne Sunday). 6 months.......' 8.00
DAILTCALL <incluilne Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month : 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear 1-80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year.... •"• 100
All pMtmaiten are antb orized to receive
¦abmcrlptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to innare a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS.
Kasager Foreign Advertising, Kirjnette Betiding. CMeag*.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V .Herald - Square
NEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHKJf B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS BTAND3:
Waldorf-Astoria, Hotel; A. B rent an o, SI Colon Square;
Hurray HH1 Hotel. ' ~ ;•»' ",v
WASHINGTON CD- C.) OFFICES. .'. .1400 G St., ST. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRA5CH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:80 o'clock.- 615 Larkln. open until
• :3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until - 10 o'clock. 22«l
Market, corner Sixteenth, open vntll 0 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
In contrast with the large national views of the
President the narrow sectionalism- of Sibley and his
followers is seen to be small and pitiful. It is as
erroneous as it is narrow. Pennsylvania farmers will
be benefited and not injured by the development of
the West. Even were the Sibley idea correct, how
ever, it would still be an- invalid argument, for its
logical conclusion would be that we must doom a
large area of the country to permanent barrenne'ss
for fear of injuring the East. It is the duty of Con
gress to deal with the nation as a whole, and in the
end it will. The time will come when the opponents
of the development of the arid lands will be as much
ashamed of their course as were those men who in
times past opposed the homestead act, which brought
about the settlement of the humid lands.
Congress and to. the country, by the President him
self. In his message, the President .says: "The
reclamation and; settlement of the arid lands will en
rich every portion of our country just as the^settle
ment of the Ohip and Mississippi valleys brought
prosperity to the Atlantic States. The increased de
mand for manufactured articles will stimulate indus
trial production, while wider home markets and the
trade of Asia will consume the larger food supplies
and effectually prevent Western competition with.
Eastern agriculture. Indeed the products of irriga
tion will be consumed in upbuilding local centers of
mining and other industries, which would otherwise
not come into existence at' all. 'Our people as n a
whole will profit, for the successful home-making is
but another name for the upbuilding of the nation."
Fortunately the national view of the case in oppo
sitionto the sectional view has been presented to
The nature of Eastern objections to the enterprise
was made manifest by the speech . of Congressman
Sibley of Pennsylvania, who made the chief argU;
ment against it in the House when under considera
tion a short time ago. The burden "of Sibley's pro
test , was that irrigation is a scheme to open up many
millions of acres of land to compete 'with Eastern
farms. The plea is a sectional one, but it doubtless has
many supporters.- . We will have to meet it and re
fute it.
another kind."
The President is heartily in favor of the enterprise.
In his message to Congress he devoted consider
able space /to the reclamation of our arid lands and
said: "Far-reaching interstate problems are in
volved, and the resources of single States would often
be inadequate. \ It is properly a national function,
at least in some of its features. It is as right for the
National Government to make the streams and rivers
of the arid region useful by engineering works for
water, storage as to make useful the rivers and \ har
bors of the. humid region by engineering works of
While the outlook is thus discouraging .there is
no reason for abandoning the effort. If a \ further
campaign. of education on the subject be needed; now
is the time to begin it, and Congress " is the best
place in which to carry it on. The House does not
allowmuch opportunity for debate, but it has already
had one discussion on the measure and others, will
follow. There will be some chance at least for a full
presentation of the merits >f the plan, and_ something
will be gained by making such presentation. Y
REPORTS from Washington /are not, encour
aging to. the hopes of 'the supporters of the
arid lands bill. \ .While the Senate Committee
on Public Lands has favorably reported the bill
agreed on by the Senators and Representatives from
the semi-arid States, it is. said there is so strong an
opposition to it in the House that it is feared it will
be beaten by upward of 150 majority. : . •;
THE ARID LANDS BILL.
Archduchess Elizabeth of Austria, who recently ab
dicated all rights to succession to the throne for the
sake of marrying the man. she loves, made a. better
bargain than appeared by the first reports," for in con
sideration of the surrender 'of her imperial heritage
she received a yearly -.llowance of $250,000, securities
valued at $1,600,000, and family jewels estimated to
be worth $1,000,000.. Evidently the gracious lady un
derstands business as well as love, and. her husband
has a "prize. -
cannot settle the question at this session, then by all
means it should be left to the President. The new
bill in the Senate is 011 the right track and should be
backed by ¦ all the force of . public opinion. Let us
have a canal 1 bill. at this session. Any route N is bet
ter than none.
- The people, in short, are in favor of a canal and
are not devoted .to any particular route. The men
who in Washington have been shouting "Nicaragua
or nothing" do not represent any considerable por
tion of the American people. It is safe to say*a
majority of those who are in favor of one route as
against the other would still prefer to have the other
route adopted than to submit to longer delay in un
dertaking the work. The demand is for an isthmian
canal. Upon the question of routes the country is
ready to compromise rather than to lose the canal
itself or to indefinitely postpone it. If Congress
However strongly certain interests may be in favor
of one route as against the other, the great majority
of the people would rather have a canal by
route than to have further delay and wrangling. The
President may not be able to decide any morevwisely
than Congress, but he can decide more quickly. If
we are to wait for a Congressional decision no man
knows when the decision will be made, but if the
choice be left to the President we may count on
prompt action. There is no ground for questioning
the President's impartiality between the two routes
nor to doubt that he would make the decision with
an eye single to the best interests of the whole
country. . t
The comparative merits of the' two routes have
been sufficiently investigated, reported upon and can
vassed. It is known that each has some advantages
over the other. By a natural operation of the mind
all who are sufficiently interested in the subject to
give it any earnest consideration reach a conclusion
in favor of one" route rather than the other. It is use
less to. expect all of them to agree as to which route
is preferable. The opponents of any canal could not
more effectively win their case than by getting up a
prolonged controversy over the two routes. The de
lay thus, caused might be interminable. ' The issue
might even be made a sectional one, by arraying the
populous East in favor of Panama as more, favorable
to Eastern interests, while the West and South
would be combined in favor of Nicaragua. Thus a
deadlock would be formed which could be ended only
by an appeal to the country, and we should have tp
wait many years for the beginning of a work in
which there should be no delay at all.
BY way of settling the isthmian canal' con
troversy between the advocates of the Nicar
agua route and those of the Panama route a
bill has been introduced into the Senate authorizing
the President to determine which* is the better route
and to proceed with the work of construction. This
bill will, we believe, have the approval of the.coun
try. If adopted it will remove the dangej of a long
controversy in Congress and prepare a way for a
speedy settlement of an issue which now* threatens to
Iwcorae one of partisan politics.
FOR A CANAL.
DIOCESAN CONVENTION ELECTS
OFFICERS FOR ENSUING YEAR
-'**..' * .". . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ - " ¦ „- - : v ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . " < ' ¦ . -•
claims' with vigor. They have right on their side
and • will win^ if they work as harmoniously \as the
commercial men have . done.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY JANUARY 30, 1 902.
6
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend's.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in Hre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend3
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building * '
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men -by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery, street. Telephone Main 1042. •
By TTm. G. La.yng— This day, at 11 o'clock, Palo Alto
Brocd Hares, at 721 Howard Etreet.
By W H Hord— Tuesday, February 4, at 10 o'clock, Thor-
oucbbred and Trotting Stock, at 17S2 Market street.
AUCTION S4.LES.
Grand Opera-honae—:"Zorah." »
California — 'VH» Olson." . .
Tivoli — "Hie Ameer."
Central — "A. Man of Mystery." -". » .'" --
Alcaar— "Coralle & Co."
CohnnbUr-^'The Princess Chic." . " •
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Angelas Piano Player Recital, Satur-
day afternoon.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
~-:NEXT TTT
Read the Story of the Beau- \
tiful San Francisco Girl Who \
Is Makinga Fight to Retain j
Her Beauty as Well as Lffe. j
1 1 1| ] Story of a Western Man Who
Was in the John Brown Raid, \
A San Francisco Woman to \
Explore Aztec Ruins. \
THE SUNDAY CALL Q I I It I T\ S \7 D0 NOr FAIL To
LEADS THEM ALL Q U 1 1 1/ A I GET THIS ™ BER
Read the Story of the Quarrels !
of Washington Society Women j
as to Who. Are the Leaders.
iiight Pages of Color That
; A re Pleasing to the Eye.: - \
Read the Wolfville -Stories !
by Alfred Henry Lewis. ~
¦ . - : =.-.;;
AJTCrSEMENTS.The "Florodoras," an organization of
young men residing In the Mission, will
give their initial dance and social In Illu
sion Parlor Hall, Seventeenth street, near.
Valencia, on Saturday evening. Thera
will be special music. .
Dance of Florodoras.
A kidney education starts with: Eackacho
means kidney ache, lame back means lame
kidneys, weak back means weak kidneys, ears
means Doan's Kidney Pills. Read about thu
free distribution in this paper and call at No
Percentage Drug Company, 049-951 Market st..
south side, between Fifth and Sixth, San Fran
cisco, on Friday, January 31.
The AB C of It.
At the Medical Missionaries* convention
which is being held at the Seventh ]>ay
Arlventlst Church on Laguna street, neat
McAllister. Dr. J. H. Kellogg, the super
intendent of the Battle Creek. Mich., san
itarium, spoke yesterday on the cause and
effect of various diseases. He showed tha
benefits derived from hydropathic treat
ment, or methods, and demonstrated hl3
ideas by the use of colored drawings. The
convention is being held for those who
are especially interested in medical mis
sionary work as- well as for physicians,
students and nurses, and will be continued
for four more days.
Medical Missionaries Convene.
Director Woodward announced that he
will move at the next meeting 1 to create
a contingent fund to be used by the prin
cipals for petty repairs. Woodward said
that some $5000 of school funds was ex
pended by the Board of Works to repair
schools, yet the school directors have no
voice as to how the work shall be done.
Woodward said that requisitions for sup
plies were presented for his signature
three weeks after they were furnished to
the Building Bureau. .
Miss Emily Hartrick of the Cooper Pri
mary School - was granted two weeks'
Superintendent Webster reported that
Joseph O'Connor, principal of the Mission
High School, had fixed a time schedule
contrary to tha rules of the board. The
pupils are- called at 8:38 a. m., are allowed
one and one-half hours for lunch and
dismissed at 3 p. m. Director Mark ex
plained that O'Connor had been given
permission by former president Mrs. Kin
caid to try the schedule as an experiment.
Mark will Investigate the allegation that
many pupils have left the school rather
than submit to the schedule.
Director Woodward protested when
the beard was about to order the pur
chase of supplies under contract from
Payot, Upham & Co., on the gr»und that
Henry Payot/ a- member of the firm, is
also a member of the Board of Super
visors. Woodward directed attention to
the fact that the charter forbade the
award of contracts to any city officials.
President Denman thereupon notified
Storekeeper McAultffe not to buy any
more supplies from the firm named and
the contract will be rescinded. This action
will result in a loss to the firm of J70OO
or $8000 yearly, as that amount of sup
plies has been furnished annually by it
to the School Department. /
Supervisor Payot Loses Contract.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and set next Tuesday at 2 p. m. as the
time to hear the charges preferred against
Miss Mary C. McKinney by Principal Al
bert Lyser. Judge Hunt decided that the
board could not suspend a teacher pend
ing an investigation and ¦" Attorney Cos
tello filed a petition -that Mis* McKinney
be reinstated. Mr. Costello held that put
ting Miss McKinney on the eligible list
with pay was a degradation and Director
Woodward and Superintendent Webster
agreed with him. The board held, how
ever, that Miss McKinney had not been
degraded and declined to assign her to a
class. In his peitition Attorney Costello
says:
The history of Miss McKinney' s case is the
history of a grass outrage perpetrated against
a teacher In our schools.* The preferring of
the charges of Insanity against Miss McKin
ney by Professor Albert Lyser was a cowardly
act and should meet with the reprobation of
this board as it' has met with the condemna
tion of the press and the. people of this com
munity. In the face of the fact that the par
ents of every pupil in Miss McKinney* s • clasa
earnestly petitioned the former Board of Edu
cation that she be retained. in her position and
that the only representative of the Board of
Education who visited Miss McKinney' 3 class
in the John Swett Grammar School reported
that' she was a successful teacher, the former
Board of Education saw fit to suspend Miss
McKinney from her position as ' a regular
teacher in the department and place her on
the eligible list, although with full pay.
The ruling of Judge Hunt was also ap
plicable to the case of Professor 'William Zim
merman, who was unlawfully suspended by
this board. I respectfully submit that Pro
fessor Zimmerman be restored to his former
position or if this would be productive of dis
cord in the Polytechnic High School that he
be assigned to some school of equal grade.
O. A. Tveltmoe, secretary of the Build
ing Trades Council, protested against the
purchase for the schools of desks and
furniture made by non-union labor In the.
Ka.at. The beard, took the protest under
advisement. A similar protest was filed
with the Board of Supervisors.
Mls3 Ada Goldsmith, on the recom
mendation of the principal of the Mission
High School, was appointed head of the
history department of the school.
The City Attorney was requested to
take action so as to enable the School
Department to secure possession of tha
land belonging to it on the northwest
corner of Thirteenth and Fillmore streets
The Board of Supervisors was requested
to order graded Dorland street, between.
Church and Dolores, and to order a side
walk to be laid on the west side of
Dolores street, between Dorland and
Eiehteenth.
The Board of Public "Works was re
quested to make a rough draft for
the addition of six rooms to the Hearst
School.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
Li. Burnham and Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Donald.
Miss Liner was transferred from the
Giant to the Agassiz School.
Director Woodward wa3 placed in
charge of the buildings and repair de
partment and authorized to sign the
requisitions on the Board of Public
Works.
Woodward presented a resolution pro
viding that the office hoars of the school
directors be so arranged that at least ona
school director will be In the office every
day. The resolution was taken under ad
visement.
Superintendent Webster wa3 authorized
to advertise the proposed examination for
colored children who desire to take ad
vantage of the- Hochstadter bequest un
der the plan which has already been pub
lished. ,
Pleads for Home Manuf actures.
leave of absence, at the end of which
time she will resign from the depart
ment.
The* resignation of May Crogan. a
teacher^in the Mission Grammar School,
"was-, accepted. • ¦ \ -
Charges Made by Principal Lyser Against Miss McKinney
. Are to Be Fully Investigated.
BOARD OF EDUCATION WILL GRANT
TRIAL TO SUSPENDED TEACHER
Fred Rippick, ¦ who .was :. shot , by Max
Klaus ! December, 7 last during a row over
a'' woman,; died i last ' evening .> In* " the iRe
ceiving Hospital. Klaua has not yet been
arrested. . ¦
Dies of His Wounds.
A fraternal invitation has been'exter.'.l
ed to Golden Gate Lodge No. 173 to par
ticipate at the ceremonies, and a large . r
tendance is looked for.' Among those who
will respond : to the toasts are -District
Grand Deputy Abraham Michaels, Charles
A. Berliner, Past President M.LIeberman
of Goldan G^xe; Lodge and B; Herzberg.
_The lodge will hold a banquet at B'nai
B rith Hall immediately after the Instal
lation The following committee has the
affair in charge:
Past president, Kmll Conn (chairman): past
presidents, H. Munter and M..Neuman; Leo
pold Conn. Dr. A. Nusbaum, I- Shapiro, B.
Schwarz, Charles Levy, L. Zler, A\ Davis,
Mrs. A. Davis. Mrs. E. Cohen, Mrs. J/ Schmol
owltz, Mrs. M. Neuman, Mrs. A. Michaels.
Mrs. A. Meyer and Mrs. B. Wachholder. •
Past president, H. Munker; president, Charles
A. Berliner; vice president, Morris Sllverstein;
secretary. H. L. Springer; treasurer, B. Wach
holder; trustees, U Conn, S. Appel and Mrs.
H. It. Sprinter. ¦
The installation of officers of California
Lodge No. 166, Order B'rith Abraham,' will
take place next Sunday night In B'nai
B'rith Hall. Deputy Grand Master Abra
ham Michaels, assisted ' by the Grand
Lodge officers, will install the following
named:
for -Its Annual Banquet at
B'nai B'rith Hall.
Order of B'rith Abraham Prepares
JEWISH LODGE WUiI#
•I : INSTALL ITS OFFICERS
"Plunger" Lewis has left , behind two
crowds to regret his sudden departure for
the more hospitable blizzard belt. The
bookmakers who ' lost by his "welching"
are probably., not half so much perturbed
over his departure— for after all he made
betting panicky— as are the set of fellows
who have been lying awake nights devis
ing ways to separate . the nervy, bettor
from his suddenly acquired wealth.'.
Some of ; these plotters , "landed," and
Monday night a faro, game was , "framed
up" for him, and it is said that when he
stopped bucking it he was several thou
sand dollars poorer. •
The total amount owed by Lewis at the
track is $1950, distributed as follows: C.
Young, $350; Cash . & Co., $100; Melbourne
Club, $200; Joe Rose, $300; Hoffman & Co.,
$200; A. Andrews, $300;. Frank Eckart,
$300; Harlan & Co.; $300.
The horses, Pompino and Marlon Lynch,
which . Lewis was supposed to own, are
held by ; S. Judge,' their former owner, by
virtue of a bill of sale. -. . ' , ;
, The. plunger got away, it Is said, on
money obtained by pledging diamond ear
rings which he had presented to a fair ad
mirer some '* weeks ago. . They had cost
him $400 originally.
Jack McEwen, a bartender, who had-the
bar at the Thornton Hotel at Butte. Mon
tana, during the summer racing," says that
Lewis " was there and was at , the track
every day. - His companion, presumably
"Sammy". Rosen thai, passed as his broth
err both being known under another name
• than ; Lewis. = They pretended to , be . sur
veyors,;and, according to McEwen,' they
left many worthless checks as "souvenirs
of their visit, y r -^ ;: ;
Faro Game "Framed L-T7p" for Him
Helped to Tumble Him From
v His Pedestal.
"PLTJNGER'V M1WIS LEAVES
/ . ' '.. MANY BEHIND TO MOURN
I was crazy drunk and did not know what I
was doing. ¦ I went in the saloon and it looked
like there were a dozen men there. ¦ The wo
man who telephoned to me about the dog is
Louise Alverea. When I received the tele
phone message from her I was In Bloomer's
saloon at Golden Gate avenue and Jones
street. The telephone message came Into the
Golden Gate stables. . I went to ¦ the stables
and talked to Louise. She' said something
about her dog being stolen by the people in
thft grocery. She said she was out on Hayes
street and I said I'd get the dog for her. I
wont into the saloon and said, "Give me the
dog," and a man jumped up at me and the
gun went oft. I took the pistol out of my
pocket so the men would give me the dog.
The gun went oft! while I had hold of It.
Nobody touched' me and nobody, touched -the
gun. I went to Bloomer's after I telephoned
and had one more drink. I then went out on
the Hayes-street car. I got off at Franklin
street' or by the church; I met Louise before
I went into the saloon. She said, "They stole
my dog; they stole. my dog." She said they
stole it in the store. I said I would go in and
try to get it for her. I am not sure that sba
went in with me. She did not name any one
who stole the dog. I had my pistol in my
pocket for a few months. I hadno permit to
carry it. I carried the pistol because Charles
McDennott threatened to kill me. I think
McDermott lives on Mission street. . He is a
blacksmith. ¦ McDermott • and I had some
trouble over the drinks at Bloomer's. He said,
"I'll cut your guts out." He did not try to do
It. -I have seen him since then. .He was in
the saloon the other night and I was talking
to him. I think- the gun went off the second
time. I don' t know whom I shot at. I was
drunk and shaking and the gun went off. I
don't remember havinar a drink after leaving
the grocery. I remember after sobering up of
the officer , walking me to the City Hall. I
Flaherty says that when Louise Alve
rez, with whom he was on friendly terms,
telephoned to him that her pet dog had
been stolen he went to the saloon intend
ing to demand the return of the canine.
His story of the shooting, as told to the
police, follows: • —
- yesterday morning. . By consent
the preliminary examination was contin
ued for one weete ~ v- »
p»T»*aHOMAS FLAHERTY, who killed
I ¦ Fred Roller in a saloon at 412
I Franklin street on Tuesday night,
H appeared before Judge Conlan
used to live at 222 Golden Gate avenue. I live
at 241 Ivy avenue. I remember of being: ar
rested after I was in jail. I don't remember
telling the woman, "You are the cause of all
this. ' I don't remember saying, "If he is not
dead he ought to be dead." I don't remember
telling- any man that he stole the dog. When
for on • the car I thought I was going out
onto Hayes etreet. I used to walk downtown
on Grove street and when I rode home I always
cot off the car at Franklin etreet. When
Louise telephoned to me she said she was at
home. Getting off at Franklin street is nearer
to her house. I gave the doe to Louise. I got
it from Dr. Frezll of Bakersfleld. I got it
about two months ago. Louise rented the
place and I pay the rent. She paid, $3 to en
gage it and I paid the itest when I came home.
I have been living : at 241 Ivy avenue for
nearly one month. I don't know that any one
knew that I had the pistol. Louise was liv
lns with me at 222 Golden Gate avtnue. I
lived there for three or four months. I think
she said "Louise", or "Mrs. Flaherty" when
she telephoned to me. We have been living as
man and I wife. . I am 26 years old. ' My full
name is Thomas ' George Flaherty. I am a
barkeeper. , I have not worked since January
20. The last place I worked was at Bloomer's
saloon. Before that I went to the Samoan
Islands with N. J. Weaver as his valet and I
also took care of a couple of horses I had been
breaking for him. I got back from the Sa
moan Islands about one year ago. I first met
Louise on Market street. Some one intro
duced her to me. -She Is 29 years old. Her
people live in Los Aneeles. I don't know that
she is married. . .
Last night' Detective Dillon and Police
Officer Crowley located the dog over
which the shooting occurred at the resi
dence of Mrs. Bachigalupi at 236 Ivy ave
nue. She says that she picked up the dog
on Franklin street, and thinking It had
been lost took it to her home.
Mrs. Ellis Eestrained.
- John Abrook brought suit yesterday for
an order restraining Clara Ellis, daugh
ter of the late Mary Kilroy, whom Abrook
claims to have been his wife, from draw
ing from . the Crocker- Woolworth Bank
the sum of $18,000 on deposit there In the
name of Mrs. Kilroy. Mrs. Ellis secured
letters of administration, upon the estate
of Mrs. Kilroy, and the' question of her
right to such letters is now being heard
before Judge Sloss. Judge Hebbard is
sued the order, maklngyit returnable be
fore him Friday, February 7.
Eesigns From the Pullman Service.
The Pullman Car Company is making
efforts to economize and many changes
are being made in their offices throughout
the country. Hiram A. Graves, who has
been assistant superintendent of the com
pany in this city for many years, will re-~
sign February. 1 and the vacancy will not
be filled. -It was only a short time ago
that J. P. Meehan was removed from this
city to El Paso, Texas, and C." Lincoln, the
district agent of the company, | has since
then filled both positions.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency "were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Frederic B. Stillwaggon, ma
chinist, San Francisco, liabilities. $1497 85
no assets; F. M. Ramos, hotel-keeper, San
Francisco, liabilities $4967 75, assets $4000 in
book accounts. r .
, The Knights met in conclave in this city
ft^&^VA 883 / th e conclave opening on
the 20th of that month. On August 24 the
pand officers of the Grand Encampment
together with the Grand Army of the Re
public, which held its grand encampment
here at the same time, laid the corner
stone of the Garfield monument in Golder
Gate Park. During that week there. was
a competitive drill between the corps of
a number of < the commanderies. and the
first prize went to De Molay Command
ery. During- the next conclave there will
a^? J )e^ a , e rand competitive drill, for
which California will offer a number of
valuable trophies.
After a general discussion the chairman
«r fiJL m , P0^ ered to a PP<>int a committee
?£ S? , to u draw up a P lan for ' action by
ini^W 1 ? of Calif °rhia. He was also
a «i ho^ ed to name the officers and sub
committees that are to carry out the
SSyS&S! 611 " ratlflca «on b^ th^Gra^
Securing Quarters for the Visitors.
or^RiS e $5!l«S?* mi T it £ ee ,2 n hotels ' composed
?£ I nf Shts John Tonnlngsen of Cali
nfrL?"}? 1^^ Charles H. Murphy
of Golden Gate Commandery and W H
SpSitod California Commandery, was
wo° h i? P ; ¥^ rr111 ' past S rand commander,
was elected treasurer
~££ e '^"jnittee on hotels will secure ac
ttZmP** 1^ t0T * he visiting Sir
Knights, it has already secured the Pal
win %2\ el for « the eek that the conclave
7}J% * session - The committeemen also
hnY 8^m,iS Se °. Ure 5 WO other lar S» hotels?
but could not get an answer from the
S^fJS f ° n, the r f ason that betor e 1904
™?,ii * lU expIre and the managers
could not guarantee accommodations^
The Knights Templar in the United
States have a membership of 128,000, dis
tributed in forty-three Grand Command
eries in_the States and Territories. It is
expected that during conclave week there
will be more than 70,000 strangers here
and the California Knights expect to rlise
between $80,000 and $90,000 to entertain the
visitors. •¦' • ¦ •-
Wn&Ke^ne? 1 '* 1118 WUUam G " D ° Zler Jr -
Riverside— Sir knight Menno S. Bowman.
Santa Barbara-Sir Knights William Man
chester, Frank A. Conant.
v Y 2! k ?~ filr K n«ghts Hudson B. Glllls, Louis
rsordneim.
B. N !t P ev'en S s lr Knlghts Geor ee W. Strohl, James
i a 2 ta T J , A £ a T, slr Knl * bt James Hedges Hall.
-oKS'Sr Hurd B.os-
GeYr"e J R7lnds KnISht8 ph^" Ie " Mugrldge.
Woodland— Sir Knight William _W. Nelson.
Ed^arlTltS^m^'^ P " S ' H ° 1C ° mb '
Ko^an^^nLi^ 1^ 8 **«¦«• Powers.
Ga^o^W^ITBT^tanf^ 18 M '
JanTe 2 S Sn i7w r e b^ter 8htS U ' MIUer '
nKs*2"j£X: KnIghts Hart ™«.
R U Math7ws r Ka!sht * Geor S<> W. Stout. James
Tnl^Vkt^r 151118 ?' M " Howard.
JamTxfc-noU KDi8btS Fnmk BMm - Henr *
caYf^rHfelfiL Knl8hts Frederick M - Smlth .
TC T |)r e >, m w Un f ws *s called to order by Sir
Knight W. Frank Pierce, deputy strand
commander of the Grand Comma^dery of
Safcffie 0 . the abS6nCe ° f G7and
Sir Knight A, G. Booth was elected
Sr al KnL n ht°w he A &e^ er ? 1 c°»m«tetn£d
sicretSy? &Vles Was a PP° In ted
PRINCIPALS IN FATAL SHOOTING AFFRAY WHICH OCCURRED
TUESDAY NIGHT IN A FRANKLIN-STREET SALOON. THE TRAG
EDY. WAS THE CULMINATION OF A DISPUTE OVER A DOG.
The tvreny-ninth triennial conclave of
the Grand Encampment of the Knights
Templar of the United States of America
will be held In this city In August, 1904,
and the fraternity in California are al
ready malting preparations for the grand
event. It is expected that the conclave
•Rill be greater than the one held here in
18S3.
At a preliminary meeting recently held
in Golden Gate Hall there were present
representatives from the commanderies of
the State. The accredited delegates from
the various commanderies are:
San Francisco— Sir Knights Reuben H.
Lloyd, John F. Merrill. Frank William Snm
ner, Charles Lord Field. W. W. Montague,
Charles L». Patton, Carroll Cook, Joseph C.
Campbell, John Tonnlngsen, Hiram T. Graves,
Joseph M. Litchfleld. Reuben P. Huribut, A.
G. Booth, W. H. Frank Titus, William M.
Iiundell, W. H. L. Barnes, George T. Bromley,
Franklin H. Day, Henry H. Pearson, Brllsford
P. Flint. Thomas Kyle, Martin Jones, John
P. Fraser. William Irvin. James H. Hatch,
Franklin Dalton, Carlos G. Young, William
Edwardf?. A. B. Van Wefelsburg:. Joseph K.
Firth, George D. Clark, Charles H. Murphy,
George H. Winterburn, James M. Gassaway,
J. M. Peel. J. J. Crawford, Robert McMillan,
Karvey D. Loveland.
Los Angeles — Sir Knights William. Dennison
Stephens, James W. Long, Henry S. Orme,
William B. Scarborough, James A. Foshay.
San Jose— Sir Knights Albert B. Cash, Sam
uel H. Wagoner. •
Oakland — Sir Knights George D. Metcalf,
William Frank Pierce, James Bester Merritt.
John Alexander Britton.
Sacramento — Sir Knights William M. Petrie,
Ev«rett W. Hale, F. W. Heintzelman. William
A. Davies. •
Sonora — Sir Knights Frank W. Street, Ed
¦ward Keil. William G. Long.
Placerville — Sir Knights Fred F. Barss,
Charles H. Weatherwax.
Orov-ille— Sir Knight Charles F. Lott.
Nevada City— Sir Knights Jacob H. Neff,
John T. Morgan, Edward Coleman. • ¦ '• ,
Maryevllle^ — Sir Knights Irwin Griffith, Ar
thur H. Hewitt, James F. Eastman.
Stockton — Sir Knights Edward R. Hedges,
Beubcn H. Sink. Minor S. Thresher.
Delegates From All Over the State.
Chico — Sir Knight Jefferson D. March.
Susan vine — Sir Knight James Brannan.
Santa " Rosa/ — Sir Knights MIlo S. Davis,
Allison B. Ware.
Ventura — Sir Knights Willis T. Lincoln,
William Henry Turner.
Petaluma — Sir Knight Edward S. Lippitt.
Watsonviile — sir Knights John H. McEwen,
Thomas Flint Jr.
Colnsa — Sir Knights John de Jarnatt, Claude
E. de et. Maurice.
California Commanderies Are Making Preparations to Re
ceive the Visitors in August, 1904.
GRAND CONCLAVE OF THE KNIGHTS
TEMPLAR TO BE HELD IN THIS CITY
The true story regarding John C.
Lynch's indorsement by the leading
banks of San Francisco is no longer a
secret in so far as It relates to the pre
sentation of the document to President
Roosevelt. The directors and stockhold
ers of the Bank of California, the Ne
vada Bank, San Francisco National Bank,
Crocker- Woolworth Bank, Wells, Fargo
& Co.'s Bank and the Anglo-Californian
Bank may want to know the special rea
sons for- the indorsement of Lynch by
their respective banks, but for this in
formation they must apply to their man
agers and cashiers. The Call at this time
can only tell them that the indorsement
of the San Francisco banking-houses was
presented to . the President by Mose3
Gunst ; of the Washoe Bank'. There was
a little ceremony attending the presenta
tion. At , a leading hotel in Washington
George A. Knight, W. C. Van Fleet,
Moses Gunst and Julius Kahn sat down
to lunch and affairs of state were dis
cussed. At length the subject of finance
was introduced, which led • naturally to
banking topics and ultimately to the me-,
morlal from the San Francisco banks.
Moses Gunst produced the paper with the
original signatures, and it was the sense
of the party at lunch that he should take
it to the White House and : place it in
the hands of the President. Later on the
party was advised that Moses ¦ had done
his duty. . ¦ ~'
Bank Managers Take a Hand.
The politicians are also asking the ques
tion: "Can Gage be elected again?" It
is claimed by some of the keen observers
that the machine Is strong enough to
force his nomination, but the question
presents itself: "Will the voters of the
State stand for a nomination forced by
the machine?" Republicans will tolerate
a good deal of programming- for the sake
of party unity, but It has been clearly
demonstrated that they will not submit
to as raw a programme as that which
Herrin and < Burns forced on the local
convention which nominated Asa R,
Wells for Mayor and Arthur G. Fisk for
District Attorney. The delegates to the
convention did not know who the candi
dates were until the bosses handed them
a slip containing the names. There is
bound to be a vigorous protest on th»
part of anti-boss Republicans against the
appointment of delegates . to the next
State convention.-''
The primary election law stands and is
likely to stand until the Legislature re
peals it. The spirit of the law is to give
voters the right to select delegates to the
nominating, conventions of their respec
tive parties. In San Francisco at the last
primary election at least 6000 Democrats
took part in. the election of delegates to
the Republican convention. At the pri
mary election next August the Democrats
will probably take a hand In electing the
delegates to their own party convention.
If the Democrats can find an issue and
a candidate of great popularity they will
make a big fight to carry the State.
The announcement on the. part .of .Dr.
Pardee that he is a candidate for the Re
publican nomination for Governor will
give George Hatton, the manager of Sen
ator Perkins, a splendid opportunity to
display his. skill as a balancer. Hatton
cannot to give Pardee a point at
the expense of Gage, and neither can he
do anything for Gage which would tend
to embarrass Pardee. Hatton must per
force abide in the neutral zone and sing
sweetly to all the candidates for Gover
nor or utter no sound whatever. Senator
Perkins confidently relies on a solid dele
gation from Alameda County, and his
manager must see to it that nothing shall
prevent that result. When it conies to a
balancing trick the "Senator is a pretty
good hand i himself, and for this special
occasion the manager may become the
understudy. ¦ -
Can Gage Be Elected Again?
The Ix>s Angeles politicians raised the
money and brought out the Republican
vote of that region. Harrison carried
California by a majority approximating
7000. In 1890 the .leading Republicans of
the north went to the State convention
at Sacramento and assisted in nominating
H. H. Markham for Governor. Moreover,
the northern and central Republican
counties elected him. Markham made a
statement to the State Central Commit
tee at the beginning of the campaign that
he would carry his own county of Loa
Angeles by- five thousand. The majority
was ,3500 below his estimate. The un
wavering Republicans north of Tehachapi
pulled him through. If Stanford's man
ager had not used a barrel of money to
aid candidates for the Legislature E. B.
Pond would have walked away with the
gubernatorial prize.
The politicians are discussing the ques-'
tion; "Is Gage in honor bound to stand by
the pledges made by his southern sup
porters at the Sacramento : State - conven
tion^ 1898?" When the Republican State
convention of that year gav& the nomina
tion for Governor to the south the dele
gates . from the southern counties assured
the convention that they ; -would all stand
in for, a man from the north for Gover
nor in 1902. Pledges of this character
have been respected in California. In
the Harrison campaign 1888 the State
Central -Committee surveyed the - flelu
carefully and resolved to enlist if possi
ble earnest and enthusiastic work in the
countless south of Tehachapi. It was
known that there. h2d been a large im
migration" to that section since the pre
eeuing election of I88ti and special enTort
was advisea to get me newcomers regis
tered. Tne .Los Angeles politicians were
told by. the atate committee that the
north would stand in 1 or , a Republican
trom the south lor Governor in lsai) If the
.Republicans of - the south would raise *a
certain sum or money for campaign ex
penses and bring out the full Republican
vote south, of Tehachapi lor Harrison.
Tne agreement was made and carried out.
Mose Gunst's Visit to, White
House With a Paper
From Bankers. -
Republican Candidate
for Governor to Come
From North.
PARTY PLEDGES
TO BE REDEEMED
Slayer of Fred Roller Makes Long Statement to the Police,
in Which He Says That He Was Drunk and Irre
. sponsib e When He Used . H s | Revolver on Victim
FLAHERTY SAYS LIQUOR
PROMPTED T H E KILLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ A Y^ JANUARY 30, 1902.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
i LA 1511 mZZICT. bet. etU-ii.CF.Cil.
jSr The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the
. — rjJ*^_ World. Weakneues or usj contracted
SSOH "iieate »»»U«».-I»- <-«,¦•* hy the oldest
i IBS I ipeciahst on the Coast. EsL 36 years.
&*¥* £ CR. JORDAN-DISEASES VF MEN
I^i/CT^H Consultation free and strictly. priTate.
I jS^ffi Treatment personally or by letter. A
I W {PL M fontivt Cure in every case undertaken.
Fit lift Write for Brie. FHII.Q««rHYof
I H IIV BABBIAGE. MAILED FXEE. (A
jj, valuable book for urn) t
JDB. JOBB-IS4CO, 1051 Market St.. S. F.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
Used by people of r etin emezit
for over a Quarter of a century.
PERFECT
Dtrlyon's
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 250.
Be&cham's
Pills
To Sleep Well
get your stomach and liver
acting right. ; The- easiest,
quickest and safest way. to
do it is to .use
controls the heart action, ' accel-
erates the circulation and builds
up the entire system. Sold by
druggists on a guarantee. ,
Dr. Miles Medleal Co., Elkiiart, Ind.
D*.Miles f
Heart Cute
v John VanDenbtjbgh, .
256 Kewaunee St, Milwaukee, Wis.
are Nature's warning notes of
approaching danger from a dis-
eased heart. If you would
avoid debilitating diseases, or
even sudden death from this
hidden trouble pay heed to the
early warnings. Strengthen the
heart's muscles, quiet its nerv-,
ous irritation and regulate its
acYion with that greatest of all
heart remedies, Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure. ,^ ~ \ y. /
"Darting pains through my
heart, left side and arm would
be followed by smothering, heart
spasms and fainting, j Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure has entirely relieved.
me of those troubles. " : ;: .
Pains
ADVEBTISElffENTS.
MANUFACTURERS AND RETAILERS ,
The entire surplus stock of a large Stf Gall,
Switzerland, maker closed out to us at our own
price. Stock is large and must ba closed out quickly.
Profit is the last thing to be considered on this remark-
able purchase. • In several designs.
TEffffljSISt wo 'Pairs for the Price
I i\i^& of One Pair.
r/JiP BRUSSELS, IRISH POINT, DUCHESSE, ETC.
I iimM $1.00 s ™ Lace Curtains, a pair. . 50c
il il/lltl? $2.00 Swiss Lace Curtains, a pair. .SLOG
I/fj|y $3.00 Swiss Lace Curtains, a -pair. . 1.5O
IJjgw $4.00 Swiss Lace Curtains, a pair. . 2.00
f? $5.00 Swiss Lace Curtains, a pair. . 2,5O
I $7.50 Arabian Curtains, a pair. ... . . . . \ : 5.QO
| $10.00 Arabian Curtains, a* pair. . . . ... . . .V' 6.00
f $12.50 Arabian Curtains, a' pair.. ...... 7.5O
| $15.00 Arabian Curtains, a pair. ....... '8 5O
"^hS Arabian Curtains, a pair ..'.12.00
. 8B?r? $25.00 Arabian Curtains, a pair. .......... , 14,50
$30.00 Arabian Curtains, a pair. ..... . . I6.OO
Cor. I6th and Mission Sts,
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS A SHAME -FOR
ANY CASE OF
PILES
TO BE GUT.
MODERN SCIENCE HAS COM-
pletely mastered the disease
without surrcry or delay. DO NOT
AJjjOW YOURSELF TO BE ;
BUTCHERED UNTIL. YOU HAVE *
; INVESTIGATED. Over one ¦ thou- ;
Band cases permanently cured J
: without a single failure, 500 of '.: [
K whom live In the city of San Fran- ',
K Cisco. THE NAMES OP 75 PROM- !
J; DffENT BUSINESS MEN SENT I
|j AS REFERENCE. Do not take ',
Z', my word for it, but find out what ',
js they have to say. The worst cases J!
i', wanted. Write to-day for further !
tt particulars. Address RESIDENT ;
X PHYSICIAN, box 2673, Call Office, jl
zj; Ban Francisco. <!
ADVXB.TTSE&TENTS.
[a\\ "I am completely«won over to the vast possibili- iYJ
lily "ties of the PIANOLA. You can lake my crd=rr for /£
ill an ebony Pianola." JOSEF HOFMAN,N. f2,
|Sj Josef Hofmann's opinion of the PIAN- m
I* j GLA is the opinion of all the great musical 1
Informal recitals are held daily in the beau- W
-Av^iful TEolian and pianola department of jji
it?/ 26 28-30 O'FARRELL STREET, 1
HI SAN FRANCISCO. |
B & THE PIANOLA IS SOLD ONLY^Y KOHLER & CHASE. 1
; jffU»tf*w _n i^ i jtu ¦ in ,r i --^i^^a^
DIRT CLEARANCE.
I#?«tJ t k a g 00^ plan for every bather to know
g|P|g something of the soap he uses. There is a
Ifpt well-founded objection to using a floor-dean-
|%? c^Mtnpr soap upon the human body. Ivory Soap
is the bather's , soap. It costs more than common
soaps, but the difference is in the ingredients and
making. Why not treat yourself with a little respect
Is not the human skin with its marvellous delicacy
entitled to pure soap? Ivory_Soap— it floats.
C»»WICT«»»» WTH« MIOCT«II « «A»1« CO. CMCMWOTtEASTERN MARKETS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There ere two well marked disturbances in
fluencing the weather on the Pacific Coast. A
1 outheaFt storm overlies the coast from Astoria
northward, and snow is now falling from Rose
burg to Seattle. Southeast storm warnings are
displayed along the coast from San Francisco
northward.
rtain. snow ar.-l sleet are reported from many
rtatlons in Southern California. A thunder
storm is reported at Kan Diego. Generous
rains have fall^r. at Ean Diego Yuma and
Troenlx.
Conditions indicate killing frosts Thursday
morning in California where the skies ar«
rlf>ar and warnings have been sent to oranfie
growers to bo ready to protect their fruit.
Forecast mr<3e at £an Francisco for thirty
hours ending rr.idnieht January 30:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weatn
er Thursday with *?now in the mountains, and
rain cr a»w on the northern coast; fresh
rortherly winds changing to southeasterly
r.lKh off ehore in the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Thursday killirir
frost in the morning; light northerly winds
oranire growers fhould protect. '
Nevada — Cloudy unsettle weather Thursday '
probably snow: light southerly winds.
San Francifco ani vicinity— Cloudy unset
ti»d wf-aihf-r Thursday with conditions favo -
Blt\e fcr rain; frerh southeasterly winds
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm and
Paris and Liverpool futures were higher.
¦Chicago* advanced. There " was more dispo
sition to buy. The commission houses had
buying orders at the opening and. rushed the
market up. , It was .estimated that. only about
35,000,000 bushels were left in farmers' hands
In the Northwest. Stocks, at Minneapolis were
expected to show a' decrease of '100,000 bushels
for the week. New York reported better ex
port bids from Liverpool. '
This market advanced on I call, owing to
stronger reports from the East and abroad and
the high and general north wind. Shipping
grades remained without change. ' . ¦ •
Spot, wheat — Shipping, $1 07%; milling, .$1 10
@1 12% per ctl: - ; ¦ .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal , Session — 9:15 .o'clock — May— 4000
ctls, $1 00%ri6,000, $1 00%; 2000, $1 09T6-
Second Session — May — 0000 ctls, $1 09%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 09%; 52,000, $1 10.
Afternoon Session' — May — 33,000 ctls,
$109%: 4000, $1 09%. ; . < 1 ¦ , •> ¦¦ , :
I BARLEY — The market -was very, strong at
a further advance, both on and off call, as will
be seen. Offerings here continued very light.
The high ' north wind made everybody very
bullish. . : ¦ • \
In' the afternoon futures fell back again un
der active tradine. : . .
¦ Feed, 90c for choice bright, 87%@88%c for
No; 1 and 85c for. off .grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 92%@95c; Chevalier, $1@1 20
per cental. '.--..'. : '<•¦¦- J.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 .o'clock — May — 2000
ctls. 85%c; 6000. 851,4c. £
A Second Session — No I sales. 1 . .
Regular Morning " Session— May — 2000 ctls,
S5%c; 2000.', S6c; 18.000, SGVic.
Afternoon" Session — May — 2000 ctls, •••' 86c;
2000, 85%c; 10.000, 85%c: 2000. 85«bc: 12,000,
85%c; 2000, 84%c; 6000, 84%c; 2000, S4%c. ; .
OATS — Chicago reported ; a better demand;
with commission houses buying. .
This market was 2%c higher all around and
very I firm at the advance, which was caused
by the- rise, in Wheat. " Barley and Hay. the
north wind and the, general statistical situa
tion, : which; has "-been strong . for ¦ several
months. Stocks • are still light all over the
coast and every now and then the Government
takes a large . line. . ' Holders ¦ here ' are ;.- \-ery
"Grays. $1 22%<g)l 30; - whites, $1 25<3>1 42%;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45;.- black, $1 12%@1 22%
for. feed and' $1 22%@1 32% for . seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% -per, ctl for feed and $1350
142% for seed: .: . -
' CORN—^-Chicago ; was ' very strong: and ad
vanced 2c, . chiefly on 1 account of .heavy com
mission buying.' , The shorts were covering, and
Tuesday's sellers were rebuyiny. The South-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges and Lemons are - moving slowly as
the continued cold weather has a depressing
effect on the j market. The attendance at the
Orange , auction yesterday was "¦ slim. . Three
cars were offered. The only new feature was
the sale of some Malta Blood and St. Michael
Oranges." which were the first of these descrip
tions offered this season. The prices realized
were as follows: Fancy Navels, $1 30@l SO;
choice do, 90c@$l 30; standard do, 85c@$l;
Seedlings, 60c@$l 10; 6t. Michaels, 85c@$l 40;
Malta, Bloods $1 40.
There is nothing new in Apples or Pears,
¦ .: DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— .$1 50@2 .per box for extra, 75c
@1 25 for good to choice and 25® 60c for or
dinary. : ¦;''. . -•¦¦-"
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 23
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings, 30@75c; Tangerines,
$1 75©2; Mediterranean Sweets, 75c@$l 25'
Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $1@1 50 for
good to choice and $1 75® 2 25 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1@2; Mexican Limes. $G@C 50;
Bananas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 for- Hawaiian; Pineapples
$3@4 per . dozen. * '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions.
.Chicago advanced, ¦. Local packers have been
the best . buyers on the recent -breaks. Prices
are still too >_ high, however, . for a sustained
market.''- • '¦¦ ' " • . . '. '"¦'•.
/ There Is nothing new here. * - The market is
neglected, and cutting is still going on among
the diff erent houses. '- •¦ — - .-• .¦..,.-¦ ..
• i CURED . MEATS — Bacon. ¦ ll%o : per I lb 1 for"
heavy, ¦ 12c ; for . light ', medium, » 13c for . light,'
He for extra light and 14%c for susar-cured;
CHICAGO, . Jan. 29. — While trade in wheat
was not so brisk as in corn and oats, the
volume .was. greater and this pit became the
leading speculative market. General bullish
conditions prevailed. . Cables were much higher,
though 1 there was no advance here yesterday.
There was a report of fair export business and
Northwestern and local receipts were very
small and local offerings were scanty., -Coarse
grains were well up, especially in the Western
markets." Commission houses had very good
buying orders and scalpers were the only ones
who sold early. . May opened. %@%c up at
78%®78?4c and mounted steadily to 79c. Kan
sas City reported little movement of wheat to
market because Interior mills were paying
higher prices. Even on the advance ttiere was
an absence of selling pressure. May closed
strong. 1%@1%c higher, at 78%@70c.
Strength in corn was the prime influence on
the board to-day. Cables were higher, there
were reports of foreign buying, the Argentine
crop was «aid to be damaged and local re
ceipts were small. May closed strong, l}^@2c
higher, at 62%c.
Oats traders settled down to the belief that
the pit was solid for the time being .at least,
and liquidation by outsiders seemed over. . May
closed very strong with a net gain of 2}£@2%f
at 44 Vic. ¦¦- .
The market for provisions gained material
6trength from grains, though there was a nat
ural flrmness from the light receipts and bet
ter prices at the yards. Short covering also
helped the upward movement. May pork closed
27%c higher; lard 15c higher and ribs 12%c
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low.' Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January ....... 75 75% ! 75 ¦ • . . 75"4
May 78% 79 78ft 79
July ............ 78Vi ~8% 73 78T4
Corn No. 2— •
January .....' .... . . r>0%
May 62 62% 61% 62%.
July 62 62% 61% 62%
Oats No. 2— - : , ,
May 43 44% ; 42% s 44*4
July 38% -..38% 37% "38%
September '. 32W. 33 ' 321-i ¦ 32 T S
Mess Pork, per bbl — - :
January 15 57% 15 70 15 57% 15 70
May ...........15 77% 15 05 15 72%15 95
July ...........15 87% 16 05 15 82% 16 05
Lard, per 100 lbs— .
January .... .... -,- 9 32%
May 9 87% 9.47% 9 37% 9 45
July 9 45 9 57% 9 45 1 9 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January .: . .... 8 27%
May ..-...'...... 8 40 8 47% 8 40 -8 40
July 8 50 8 57% .8 50 8 67%
Cash quotations were as follows:. .
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 73@73%c;
No. 2 red, 83%@84%c; No. 2 oats,'43Vi@44V 4 c;
.No. 3 white, 44%@45%c; No>2 rye,*60V4c: fair
to choice' malting barley, 59@63c: No. .1, flax
seed. $1 C8; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 72%; prime
timothy seed, $6 50; mess pork, per bbl, $15 75
@15 80; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 20@9 32%; short
ribs v sides - (loose), «> $8 20®8 35; •'¦. dry < salted
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight...... — 4 88 -
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic i — 15
Silver, per ounce ........; — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. ¦ 45 @ 45%
LOCAL MARKETS.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 42 degrees.
THE COAST RECORD.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 29. —Consols, 94 7-16; silver,
25%d; French rentes. lOOf 25c; cargoes on pas
eage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 3Cs 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 20s;
English country markets, generally cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 29.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, steady; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; . French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather in Eng
land, frosty. - . .
COTTON— Uplands, 4 17-32d.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
It now appears that the shipment of Eggs
to the East were two cars of Eastern (sent
back) and one car of Californian. This cleaned
up the market very well for the moment, but
receipts during, the past two days have been
much larger, those yesterday being the heaviest
of the season, so the improvement in stocks is
not expected to last more than a day or two.
The market is quoted steady and unchanged.
There is nothing new In Butter and Cheese.
The former is well cleaned I up and firm, for
fancy creameries especially, while the - latter
is still handicapped by heavy stocks.
Receipts were 29,600 pounds, 31 tubs and
bbls of Butter. pounds of Eastern Butter,
1016 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs,
10,150 pounds of California Cheese, 7020 pounds
of t Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. ¦
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for
fancy, 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy, 17%@22c; store Butter, 14@16c per lb;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg,
16@18c per lb. .
CHEESE— New, ll@ll%c; old, 10@10%c;
Young America, 12@13c; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 21c for selected large and
20c for good to choice; store, 18@19c per
dozen.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Jan. 20.— Wheat firmer; Walla
Walla, -64V-c; bluestem, 65@65%c; valley,
64%c. .' .
Cleared — Bark Renfield, with 65,203 bushels
cf wheat for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
. TACOMA, Jan. 29.— Wheat lc higher; blue
stem, 65c; club, 64c.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank B. Petrie to Amelia M. Petrie. lot on
S line of California street south (Deeth). 04
W of Third avenue, W 54 by 3 100; gift.
William W. and Margaret H. Morrow to San
Francisco Savings Union. 1877 D. 440, lot on
SE corner of Cliff (Point Lobos) and Twenty
fourth avenues, E 210 by S 100 (deed of sur
render); $5935. »
Francis and Sarah Mitchell to John Brir
goyne, tot on E line -of Twelfth avenue. 125
N of A street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
John Burgoyne to Francis Mitchell, lot on
N lice of B street, 32:6 E of Seventh avenue.
E 25 by N 100; $10.
• Henry E. and Adah B. Holmes to Solomon,
Getz. lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 150 X of
I street. N 100 by E 120; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin (single) to Edward Algel
tlnger, lot on N line of M street, 82:8 E of
Eleventh avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
William and Caroline Nicol to Ernest Raffes
tln, lot on SE line of Palmer street, 205 NE
of Chenery. NE 40. E 81. SE 76. SW 40. NW
65. W 68, Falrmount Tract (quitclaim deed);
$1250. . _ '
Margaret C. Delahanty and
Robert and Kate Hawxhurst to Emily H.
Moore and Walter H. Robinson, lot on 3 cor
ner of Girard and Bacon streets. 8E 125 by
SW 120, block 11, University Mound; also lots
2106 to 2108, 2110 to 2114, gift map 4; $10.
Syndicate Investment Company to Leonor
Pena. lot on W line of Peralta avenue (Boise),
170 S of Powhattan. S 25 by W 86. block 4,
Barman Tract; $450.
Robert C. and Nellie C. Patten to Jacob R.
L. Jones, lot 18. block X, Railroad Homestead
Association: $10.
John Center, Claus and Anna Spreckels
to George S. Crim (%). William H. Crim (%).
Grace M. Crim (1-24), George S. Crim (as trus
tees for Samuel M. Crim and William H. Crim
Jr. (1-12), entire Precita Nuevo blocks 9 and
1G (to partition); $10.
Builders' Contracts.
H. W. Postlethwaite (owner) with C M
Depew (contractor), | architect Albert Farr—
All work lor a three-story and attic frame
building on S line of Pacific avenue. 190 W of
Walnut street. W 85 by S 187:8%. W. A. 812;
$12,169.
E. L. Bullard (owner) with same contractor
architect same— All work for a three-story
frame dwelling on S line of Pacific avenue
W. A, 812: $6030. -
137:6 W of Walnut street. W 52:6 by S 127-8%
. Morris Simonoff (owner) with R P Hurl
but (contractor), architect N. J. Tharp All
work except plumbing and basement brick
work for a three-story frame building (6 flats)
on NW corner of Halght and Brodertck streets.
W 65 by N 110; $27,750.
Crocker Hotel Company (owners) with Ray
mond Granite Company (contractors), archi
tests Bliss & Fayille— Granite work for a ten
story and basement hotel building on NW cor-
w r i65 < $17 r 0C0 and P0We11 8treet8 . N 137 :6 by
Same owners with McGHvTay Stone Com
, pany (contractors), architects same — Sandstone
work for same on same; $53,000
Same owners with Gladding. McBean A Co.
(a corporation) (contractors), architects same —
Deliver at building all plain and arched brick
for same on same; % — — .
Norman Parrish Estate (owners) with Denka
Brothers (contractors and architects)— All work
for a three-story frame building (3 flats) on
g^osr^vy^ToSS?' and Central avenue -
Lee Lunir Si Tong. Inc. (owners) with
Thomas Butler (contractor), architect J Eu
gene Freeman — Concrete, brick, granite terra
cotta. grading, etc.. for a four-story and base
ment brick hulldiiur.cn -W Ime of Waverfv
place. 36:8 N of Clay street. N 32-1 bv W
70: $S25S.
Same owners with W. A. Newsom and
Stephen- McNeil (contractors), architect same-
Carpenter, iron, plastering, painting, except
$U S 9U P lumbln S w °rk for same on same;
Same owners with Snook & Son (contractors),
architect «ame — Plumbing, etc.. for same on
same; $1947.
J Eva J R -^ Ba JT ) ' n and as Martian estates of
Edward F.. Marguerite and. Eva H Barron
(owners) with Walker Bros. Co; (contractor^,
architect*. Reid Brothers— All work for thW
8 P'x,. me " ats - lots fronting on Fell. Oak
4 a ?7\ P n^r$161 S 4C0 TV 75 Stern AddU1 ° n bl °<*'
Same owners. Walker Bros.iCo. (contractor)
rlSLJS" ..f rancIsc ° Construction Co^nv
(sub-contractors). . architects same— Certain et
line of Minnesota street. 20O n ' of Twenty
second. N 25 by W 100: $3540 "
M^IT ~<S.*,,. Bot J' In *> w ™-> with Newsom &
TYe^An ? v* 0 / 8^ archltect Fr »nk S Van
flat frlmi h»iMi fOr a thre «-9tory store and
H2-»« S?lr b ?"l lng on F « Hne of Polk street.
O-.-US of Jackson.. S 75 by E 112:6; $15,390.
•s? ; re-
Fluctuations on the morning session of the
Bond Exchange were a ' further decline in
Alaska Packers' to $159 50. an advance In
Onomea Sugar to $24 25 and one in Giant
Powder, to $77. Business was quiet. There was
nothing new in the oil stocks.
. In the afternoon there were sales of Bank of
California at $417 and of Presidio Railroad at
$40. Contra Costa Water was lower at $74 12%.
STOCK' AND BOND EXCHANGE
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 29—2:30 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
1 Bid. Ask. I -Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 113 4s qr c (new)139% —
4s qr reg....lll%112% 3s qr coup. .109 —
Ala A W Co — — Oceanic 5s. ..101 102%
Bay CPC 5s. 109 — Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s. .. .116^ — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100%
S C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. 105 — 1
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&OR 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 ; — Pwl-st R 6s. 119% —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l22%123
Do 5s..... — 99% Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L Ang-R 5S.120 — S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — (1909) 111% — .
Da gtd 6s. — ' — (1910) 112% —
Do gtd 5s.lO38ilO4& S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 100 — (1905)Sr A.108% —
Do lem 5s. 101, 103 (1905)Sr B.109% —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125 — (1906) ....111% —
Do lem 5s. 121% — • (1912) 121 —
N R C 6s.. .111 112% S P Cal 1st
Do 5s 122 — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Pac C 5s. — — S P BrCal6s.l37 —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113& S V Wat 6s. 113% — .
Oak Gas 5s. lit — Do 4 a 103 — ~'
Oak Trn 63.121% — Do 4s3dm..l01 101%'
Do 1st c5a.lO9% — Stkn Gas 6s.lO2% —
Oak W g 5s. — 103
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra* Costa 74% 74%|Port Costa.. 63%^ 6fl
Uarin Co 59- — ISpring Val.. 85 85%
GAS- AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% 4 Pac Light... 44^ — '
Eqt G L Co." 3 — Sac E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 4% S F G & E.'40% 41
O G L & H. 51% 52 San Fran 5U 6%
Pac Gas Imp 35 38% Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE. ,
Firem's Fnd. — 275 /
BANKS. -
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 ,L P & A... .165 —
California . .417 420 Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 114% — 'S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl.320 350 - 1
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 , — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — .Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.512% — I ¦
STREET. RAILROADS. • ..;•.-
California ..160 172% Market ..... S9 90^
Geary — 60 iPresidlo .... 35 45
POWDER.
Giant .. 76% 77 (Vigorit 3% 4%
SUGAR. •
Hana 2%— Kilauea .... 9% 1O»S
Hawaiian ..35 40 .Makawell .. 25% 26
Honokaa 10% 11 (Onomea .... 24 25
Hutchinson .14 — .'Paauhau 10%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159%161 ,Pac A FA. 3« —
Cal Fruit As 96% — Pac C Bor..l63 —
Cal. Wine As 96 — Par. Paint... 16 —
Oceanic S Co 35 .40
Morning Session. .
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 159 75
10 Alaska Packers' Association 159 60
5 Contra Costa Water 74 75
100 Giant Powder Con ¦.;..- 77. 00 i
¦ 60 Makaweli ;...." 25 75
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 102 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00
15 Onomea Sugar Co (cash) 24 23
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 75
- 5 Spring Valley Water (cash) 85 00
- Street — * -
$3000 Los Angeles Lighting 5 per cent. .104 0O
25 Onomea Sugar Co . . .... . . . ... .... 24 00 ¦
$3000 S F& S J V bonds.... ; 123
• . " Afternoon Session.
Board — ' ' '
50 California. "Wine Association ... j>6 n "i
45 Contra Costa Water : 74 Tou
100 Giant Powder Con ..... .... 7J5 iV*
$1000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds.. 100 25
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 10s 25
10 Pacific Gas Imp 35 - o
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 ™
5 Spring Valley Water 85 00
14 Bank of California ..."....' 417 00
20 California Fruit Canners (s 90). "" 96 75
41 Presidio R R \\ 40 w .
• BRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. -
. - <¦ . i Morning • Session.
• Board — . ' • • . . • -
1000 Bear Flag . 04
100 Independence .....;.. • • 08
100 Independence t.v:.;V;";.V V. ...... on
600 Monte ' Crlsto •......:........... 1 k1>
200 Oil City Petroleum ............. 23
NEW YORK, Jan. 29. — FLOUR — Receipts,
15,461 barrels; exports, 12,651 barrels; sales,
8500 packages; steady and a shade higher on
some grades of wheat.' Winter patents, $3 75
@4 10; Minnesota patents, $3 85@4 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 78,850 bushels; exports,
13.975 bushels; spot, firmer. No." 2 red, 88c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 90%c elevator; No. 1
northern Duluth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 88 %c f. o. b. afloat. Bulls had
their turn in wheat to-day, catching the crowd
short, and they ran prices up a cent per bushel,
being aided by foreign buying, stronger, cables,
small Northwest receipts and good support in
corn and oats. The close was strong at lc net
advance. May, 83 ll-16@S4%c, closed 84%c;
July. 83%@84%c. closed 84%c .
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. ' "
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 26%@27c;
Texas, 16®17c.
. COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7. invoice,
5%c;mlld, quiet; Cordova. 8@ll%c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm. Fair refining, 3 3-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test; 3 ll-16c. Molasses sugar,
2 15-16c. Refined was. firm. ¦ '
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The market for evap
orated apples was reported a little easier • to
day, but not much doing. State, common to
good, 7@8%c: prime, 9@9%c; choice, -0%@10c;
fancy, 10%@llc.
• The general market for California dried
fruits, particularly apricots and peaches, is
firmer and a good Jobbing business is noted at
the quoted basis.' Prunes remain quiet and
steady at 3%®6%c.
Apricots — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9?4@
12%c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7%@
9%c. ¦ l <¦
Northern Business.
PORTLAND. Of.. Jan. 29. — Clearings, $308,
556; balances, $73,258.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 29.— Clearings, $217,
003; balances. $49,8G0. '
SPOKANE, Wash., - Jan. 29. — Clearings,
$220.18S- balances, $23,510.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Jan. 29. — Clearings, $3S8,
457; balances, $82,205.
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.03 :S0.«Sl
Red Bluff •.. 0.00 11.04 15.41
Sa.-ramcnto .- 0.<X> fi-.lKJ 11. :ti
Sa-i Francisco O.00 7.01 13.01
PY.sno 0.00 2.52 ' 7.45
Independence Trace 1.3» 5.12
Pen Luis Obispo O.C0 «.O2 22. \£
Lcs Angeles 0.04 4.01 ».2>>
San Piego 0.42 2.36 3.81
'oan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
49: minimum. 3S; mean. 44.
The following maximum and minimum tem
pc-aturee were reported from Eastern stations.
Boston. 22-12; Cincinnati. 24-14; Philadel
phia. 2<i-lS: New York. 22-10; Kansas City,
16-10: Jacksonville, C4-48; Washington, 26-16,
On aha. 12-6; Duluth, 8 to — 1; Chicago, 16-14;
fit. Louis. 22-18; Salt Lake City, 16-6.
Weather Report.
<"120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 29—5 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same fiace
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
foi'r hours:
New York Grain and Produce.
Poultry and Game.
j There was a stronger feeling in local Poul
try yesterday as there was no Eastern on- the
market. V Choice young stock sold well at ¦' un
changed prices. One car of Eastern was due
last nigl)t and will be placed 011 the market to
day. ' . . '
¦ Receipts of Game were 110 sacks and the
market remains dull owing to the thinness of
the birds. . . • .
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 16@18c; Live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$2@2 25; Ducks, $5@5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters. $4 500
6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $4@5; Broil
ers, $4@5 for large and $3@4 for small : Pigeons,
$1 50@l 75 per dozen for old' and $2 50@2 75
for Squabs.
GAME: — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $2@3; Canvasback. $2@3 50; Sprig.
$1 50@l 75; Teal. $1@1 50; Widgeon. $1; Small
Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1; English Snipe,
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 29 — i p. m.
! i Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ophir 83 81 Sierra Ner.... 16 17
Mexican 32 33 Utah 01 03
Gould & C ¦ 05 06 Bullion 02 03
Best & Belch. 13 14 Exchequer ... — 02
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Seg Belcher... 02 04
Savage 04 05 Overman .... 08 CO
Chollar 10 11 Justice 07 OS
Potosi 11 12 Union Con.... 10 11
Hale & Norc. 27 28 Alta 07 OS
rrown Point.. 05 07 Julia — 04
Yellow Jacket 06 07 Caledonia 21 23
Imperial 01 02 Silver Hill.... 69 70
Kentuck 01 02 Challenge .... 11 12
Alpha — 04 Occidental ... 07 OS
Belcher ...... 07 09 Andes — 01
Confidence ... 53 62 Standard ....3 30 3 50
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, ' Jan. 29. — The | statement of
the Treasury balances for to-day shows: Avail
able cash balances, $175,428,875; gold, $90,374,
401.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 29. — The offerings at the
wool auction ¦ sales ' to-day were again large,
numbering 14,268 bales. Competition was
strong at high rates. American . buyers took
medium crossbred3 ; f re«ly and paid the ex
treme rates for come merinos. The withdraw
als amounted to 3815 bales. . , .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 29.
Flour, qr sks... 2,00ClHops, 'bales 43
"Wheat, ctls 8,700 Tallow, ctls 252
Barley, ctls 4, 13S Hides, No 708
Oats, ctls 290 Pelts, bdls 275
Beans, sks 1,260 Quicksilver, flks. 60
-Potatoes, sks 1,850 Leather, rolls.... 99
Onions, sks 757 Wine, gals 115..150
Middlings, sks.. 100 Lime. bbls...... T82
Hay, tons....... 460 Sugar, ctls...... 1,483
Straw, tons... .. 42
.» OREGON.
Potatoes,; sks .-...-¦- ;68l/ ¦ •• •. -?> .< - -
A T ezi> York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Money on call was
easy a^ 2@2% per cent, closed bid and asked
2%@2% per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4@5 per cent. Sterling exchange was eteady.
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86%
®4 87 for demand and at $4 S4% for sixty
days Posted rates, $4 85@4 88. Commercial
bills, $4 83%@4 83%. Bar silver. 55%c. Mexi
can dollars, 44%c. Bonds — Governments, firm
er- States, inactive; railroads, irregular.
Prospects for Hay.
The private circular of Somers & Co., under
dare of Tuesday, January 28. says:
""The total receipts of Hay for the week
ending to-day amount to but 2000 tons, which
are the lightest arrivals we have had for quite
a while past. The week preceding showed a
total of 2000 tons. The rainy weather of a
week aso tended to lessen shipments some
what and the dry cool weather immediately
following had the same effect. It is true that
prospects are none too encouraging in all the
hay and grain districts, and although the rain
fall has been but slight yet we think there
should be no fear at this early date of a crop
failure. The present situation ' is tending to
Btiffen up prices somewhat, not only because
of the weather,- but because of the fact that
many larre country districts- are short of hay
and are drawing heavily from our regular
stocks in inany places. It seems at present
as if prices for Hay should rule quite strong
for the balance of the season, no matter what
future conditions might be. Of course if It
Bh< uld remain dry for any length of time there
will be quite a 6care with a somewhat sharp
advance, but even with copious rains in the
vc>y near future we do not see why prices
should decline any from the present range
"Although the continued cool weather has
b*?en very beneficial to orchardists. yet grain
has rr.ade but very slight growth, and we
should have warmer weather and more rain
shortly to insure good crops everywhere."
(Since the above circular was 6ent out the
market has advanced sharply under the influ
ence of a drying north wind. — Ed.)
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
100 Chollar 10 3CO Overman 09
100 Con Cal & V.I 20 100 Potosl 11
200 Ophir 82 900 Silver Hill.... 55
Afternoon Session
•>00 Ophir S3 1C0 Con Cal & V.I 15
100 Mexican 31 200 Sierra NeT... It
500 Gould & C... 06 3000 Justice 05
100 Best & Belch. 13 100 Standard 3 40
100 Con Cal & V.I 20
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
700 Best & Belch. 13 200 Potosl 12
200 Chollar 11 200 Silver Hill.... 63
300 Con Cal & V.I 20 300 Silver Hill.... Cl
200 Hale & Norc. 27 10O Silver Hill.... 63
200 Mexican 31 300 Union Con. ... 11
100 Ophir 82
Afternoon Session
. 400 Best & Belch. 13 200 Ophir 88
100 Con C & V.I 17% 400 Overman 09
1500 Con N York. 01 600 Savage 05
800 Gould & C. .. 05 200 Sierra N«v... 17
500 Justice 07 300 Silver Hill.... 66
100 Mexican 81 300 Union Con..... 11
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts,
17,000; heavy, steady; light, dull and weak.
Good to prime steers. $6 50@7 CO; poor to me
dium, $4@6; cows, $1@5 25; heifers, $2 50®
5 25; canners'i $1®2 30; bulls, $2 25@4 65;
calves. $2 50@6 50; Texas-fed steers, $4@5..
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, 7000; closed weak. Mixed and
butchers',. $5 80® 6 35; good to choice heavy,
$6 15@6 40; rough heavy, $5 90@6 10; light,
$5 5G@5 95; bulk of sales, $5 8." 570 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000; steady. Lambs,
strong to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers 1 ,
$4 30@5; fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 30;
Western sheep, $4@5 (fed); native lambs, $3@5;
AVestern lambs, $5@5 80. , < > ¦•
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1700; market steady to 10c lower. Na
tives, $3 50@7; cows and heifers, $3@5 40;
veals; $3 50@6 25; bulls and stags, $2 25@5 15;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 6456; market closed strong.
Light and light mixed, $5 70®6 20; medium and
heavy, $6 10@6 42%; pigs, $3 65@5; bulk, $5 75
@6 20. :
SHEEP — Receipts, 260; ' market 'steady to
weak. Top Western yearlings,- $5 25.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan 29. — Cotton closed quiet,
with prices" net 2 to 5 points lower.
200 Petroleum Center °*
200 Superior "'
Afternoon Session..
Board — „,
200 Oil City Petroleum -1
200 Reed Crude •• S 3
London Market.
NEW. YORK. Jan. 29. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was characterized by gen
eral buoyancy to-day, on the Boer peace news,
which was unknown yesterday during business
hours. Consols jumped % to 94 7-16. largely
on Continental orders. Kaffirs, which last
night boomed in the street until 8 o'clock,
weakened this . morning, as Mr. Balfour's
statement, on careful reading, was less con
vincing that peace was in fair prospect. Never
theless the Continent came very strong and
the market rdused again and boomed until the
close, when it eased off on realizations.
Rio Tintos closed at 44%, after touching
American stocks seem to be forgetting the
uncertainty that hangs over the Northern Se
curities Company and were hard here, being
hoisted in the afternoon by New York's big
order in United States Steel.
Money is tight. ' . > ..
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Fancy Salinas Burbanks are scarce and firm
at previous prices. Oregon Potatoes are in
light supply at present "and as the. receipts per
to-day's steamer are expected to be light an
advance in these goods is expected. Sweet Po
tatoes meet with ready sale at sustained prices.
Oregon Onions are held firm, as dealers ex
pect that supplies from that State will be
light.
With the exception of Peas, which were dull
and plentiful, Vegetables from Los Angeles
sold yesterday at previous prices. Tomatoes
were scarce and choice offerings brought full
figures. Tomatoes from Mexico were offering
at $2 per box, - but sold slowly owing to the
greenness of the stock. Green Peppers from
Mexico sold readily at the quotation.
POTATOES — $1@1 30 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 50@l 75; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, - $1 40@l 50; River Reds, fl 50@l 60:
Early Rose, for 'seed, $1 C0@l 60; Burbank
Seedlings, $1 35@1 45; Sweets, $1 50 for Mer
ced. .
ONIONS — Oregons, J2@2 25 for the best and
$1 50@l 90 for lower grades; Green Onions, 40
@60c ner box. • ,• . •
' VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, 4@6c; String Beans from Los Angele3.
10@15c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $2 per box and $2 25@2 50 per crate;
Dried Peppers, 10@12%c per lb; Los Angeles
do, 15@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@15c per lb;
Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,'
$1@1 50 per dozen for large and 50@75c for
small; Garlic. 1%@2%c; Los Angeles Green
Peppers, 20@25c; Mexican do; 20c; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. 20c; Summer Squash from
Los Angeles, $1 50<31 75: Marrowfat Squash,
$S©10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, ?8@10; Mush
rooms, nominal.
New York Coffee Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The coffee futures
market closed steady, net unchanged to 10
points lower. : Total sales, 33,250 bags, in
cluding: March, 5.40c; May, 6.55@5.05c; July.
6.80c; August, 5.90c; September, 5.95@6c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
3L'@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington, $9 "per ton; Southfield
Wellington, 59; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, 56 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend,.$8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite. $14;- Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000
lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c: cure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels,
boiled. 74c r raw, 72c: cases, 5c more; Lucol.
64c for boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 00c;
cases, 95c; China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 70c: cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil. natural white,
40@5Oc per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, S7%c;
cases, «2%c; Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 6."5%c for
Ceylon and 68%c for Australian.
. COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c:
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in oases.
20%c; -86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26% c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and' iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; -Confectioners' A. 4.80c:
Fruit Granulated. 4.S0c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C,'4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels i or its equivalent. Dominos,
half -barrels, 5.30c: boxes. 5.55c per lb.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new in this market. 1 Beans
are quiet and easy and there is no call of any
consequence for Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 40@2 50; Small" White.
$3 10@3 25; Large White. $2 75@3; Pea, S3 60
@4; Pink, 41 75©2 20; Red, $2 25@2 50; Black
eye, $3 50@3 05; Limas, $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 ner ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 85@3: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Ca
nary, 3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape, l%@l?4c: Hemp. 3%"c p?r lb:
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl. i
The Situation in Wall Street.
The New York circular of Henry Clews
eaye:
"It Is significant that railroad earnings,
¦w'aile excellent, are not showing as large in
creases as a .year ago. and that decreases are
becoming more frequent. Exports are declin
ing and commodity prices show a downward
rather than upward tendency. It seems quite
likely that lower prices for both stocks and
commodity would stimulate general activity;
tor the present high level certainly restricts
transactions. The technical position of the
si ck market, however, is just now entirely
aO verse to a serious decline. The big men are
pi . sistently sustaining values; money is plentl
f i i and easy, and the enlargement of the short
ii.ierest is an element of strength. The ex
ec .lent demand for bonds from investors is a
r- tjd feature and. as previously intimated in
tl-.ese advices, the conditions are so favorable
f< r the floating of new issues that the creation
of considerable new capital on this basis seems
probable. As the general eituation continues
eound. we may look for a good trading mar
k(t, inducing us to repeat our former advice
or selling on fharp rallies and buying only
good etocks on the declines for quick turns and
moderate profits."
sales as to repress any tendency to advance
beyond small fractions. The contingent of
bear traders was quick to take advantage of
this situation and to offer down prices, taking
the market away from the sellers. The char
acter of the whole market thereupon relapsed
into a rut of dullness and professionalism.
The animation of yesterday's late demand had
aroused strong hopes that the great banking
interests v.-hlch control the large railroad sys
tems were once more embarked upon a move
ment to put up prices and make a market for
syndicate holdings of securities. The disap
pointment at to-day's developments was cor
respondingly keen. The speculation felt acutely
the lack of the stimulating effect of the re
cent strength in Amalgamated Copper. That
stock continued easily the. leader of the market
in point of activity and made an actual'ad
vance of a fraction. When it seemed to be
yielding the sympathetic effect upon the rest
of the market was immediate. The reason for
its reaction was not disclosed. Conditions re
mained unchanged so far as was known. The
price of the metal was lifted another fraction
and the buying in London continued very large.
The stock lost 2% on the day. closing, within
a shade of the lowest. Sugar showed the effect
of disappointment over the failure to advance
refined sugars and lost 1% on the day. The
large volume of trading in these two special
ties gave them large influence on the market.
A number of unfavorable reports of December
net earnings were a deprsslng influence. The
action of. the United Mine Workers' convention
in providing for a strike fund had a somewhat
sinister effect on ,the trading. Money con
tinued to grow easier.
The bond market became irregular in sym
pathy with the weakness of the stocks. Total
sales, par. value, $3,500,000.
¦ United States 5s registered advanced % per
cent on the last call. •¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 21,900 76% 75% 75%
Atchison pfd ,. 0.600 97% 96% '96%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4.C00 103% 102'i 1O2V4
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 96»4 96?i 'M^
Canadian Pacific. . . 1.000 114 113 112%
Canaa Southern... 700. 88% S'W 87
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.100 46% 46fe 45%
Chicago & Alton... S00 34^£ 34 », B 34
Chi & Alton pfd 75%
Chi Ind & Louis... 2,800 53% 52 52
Chi Ind & Louis pf 75^
Chi & East Illinois 800 144»i 142 142*)*.
Chi & Gt Western. y00 23 »i 23 22 U
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 84
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 300 46 45^ 4i\i
Chi & Northwest 800 214T& 213 Vj 213
Chi R I & Pac 47.800 159 156^ 157^
Chi Term & Trans. 1.700 18 17}4 17V'.
Chi Term & Tr pfd 1.300 3:Hi 32 «2%
C C C & St Louis.. 2,000 100U 9S*4 98^j
Colorado Southern. 300 14% 14% 14%
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 61 % 61 61
Colo South 2d pfd.. 500 2914 2i> 29
Del & Hudson 1.100 173% 171& 171U
Del Lack & West.. 600 273% 272 270
Den & Rio Grande. 200 43% 43% 43
Den t R Grande pf 500 91% 91«i 91
Erie 16.000 39% 38% 38%
Erie 1st pfd 3.400 71% 70%. 70%
I Erie 2d .pfd ,4.000 56% 54% 54%
j Gt Northern pfd... 1,500 1S8% . ISO 187
j Hooking Valley ... 400 68% e8Vi «8',4
i Hocking Val pfd... 400 82^ 81% '82
Illinois Central 2,200 140% 140 139?4
Iowa Central 400 39% 39% 30
Iowa Central pfd.. 500 74^4 73% 73
L E & Western .... U6%
L E & West pfd 125
Louis & Nash 7,700 104% 103% 103«4
Manhattan Elevat. 16,700 136^4 134'/. 134
Met Street Ry 4,400 172 " 170 " 170 "
Mexican Central... 4,500 29% 28% 2«%
Mexican National.. 2.000 15% 15% 15%
Minn & St Louis.. 500 106% 10G 106 "
Missouri Pacific 7,900 102% 101% 101%
Mo Kan & Tex... 100 25 25 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 400 53 52% 52%
New Jersey Central 500 193 192 192
New York Central. 4,200 162U IQIYs 161%
Norfolk & Western 2,100 56^4 56 55%
Norf & West pfd 91 %
Ontario &. Western 2.400 34 33% 3o»i
Pennsylvania 17,500 150 149 ; 149%
Reading 41.000 56% 55% 55%
Reading 1st pfd.... 800 82% 81% 81%
Reading 2d pfd..:. 6.700 e3% 62% 62V4
St L & San Fran.'- 2,000 63% 62% 62%
St L & S F let pfd ' .... ' S.{
St L & S F 2d pfd. 3,000 75% 75 74%
St Louis Southwest • 26
St Louis SW pfd.. 400 59% 59 58%
St Paul 3,700 164% 163 162%
St Paul pM 200 188% 188% 187
Southern Pacific .. 34.600 60% 59% 59%
Southern Railway.. 19,700 33% , 32% 33
South Ry pfd 3,900 95% 9t% 5)4%
Texas & Pacific... 900 38% 38% 38
Tol St L & West.. 100 20 19 l«)%
Tol St L & W pfd 900 37 36% 36%
Union Pacific 20.000 102% 100% 100%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,800 "88% 8S14 88
Wabash 4,700 22% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd.. 2.200 42% 42 41%
Whtellng & L E.. 100 17% 17% 17
W & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central. 200 20% 20% 19%
Wis Central pfd... 200 40 39% 39%
Express Companies —
Adams \ .... 195
American 100 219 219 217
United States 300 106% 105% 105
Wells Kargo.. 190
Miscellaneous —
Am-ilg Copper 118,000 77% . 74% 74%
Am Car & Foundry 800 2»% 29% 29%
Am Car & F pfd.. 500 R5% 85% 85%
Am Linseed Oil 100 IS 18 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45
Am Smelt & Ref . . 5,300 49% 47% 47%
Am Smelt & R pfd 1.800 98 t)7>4 07
Anaconda Min Co. 7,200 34^1 32% 32%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3,000 06% (55 C5
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 8<H4 85% 85%
Consolidated Gas.. 700 217% 217 217-
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 500 118% US 117%
General Electric... 600 280 278 277%
Glucose Sugar 2.900 '61% 50 50
Hocking Coal » 100 15 15 15 \
International Paper 400 20 19% ]9%
Internl Pacer pfd. 200 75% 75 73
Internatnl Power.. 600 88. S7% 87
Laclede Gas... 89
National Biscuit... 200 44XJ 44% 44%
National Lead 2,100 19% 18% 18%
National Salt 100 SO 30 30
National Salt pfd.. 200 CO «6 C5
North American... 100 90 00 88
Pactnc Coast , 100, 74% 74%^ 7314
Pacific Mail.../ 800 4(5% 46% 46%
People's Gas 3,400 102 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 40% 40% 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. 900 S4% 84iZ 84
Pullman Pal Car.. . ;. 221
Republic Steel 2,500 16% JflM 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 400 69% CO (59
i Sugar 2.400 128% 126 12<H£
Tenn Coal & Iron.. ,1.900 64% 63 ' 02%
Union Bar & P Co. J3,
J Union B&P Co nfd 72U
U S Leather 400" 11% U% n%
I IT S. Leather Dfd... 300 80% 80% 80%
T? R Rubber -»00 ]fi% 15 15 73
IT- S Rubber pfd... 400 Bl% 61 61
U S Steel JB.600 44% 42%. 42%
TT S Steel pfd 20,30rt !WsJ Ui I»3
WostTn Union fiOO Dl*i fli no%
Am iTOComotive. . . . 6.5(hl 32% 31 « si«
] Am Ix>comotv pf d. . 1,300 02 91% 91^
Total sales 6O2.S00 nhareF.
XEW rORK CLOSING BOXDS.
H 5 -12* re e...ios?; r, a n unl 4s.... 101
U B ref 2s coup-.K-R^ vrex Central 4s.. 8^'.
Tj S 8a reg JOS'/ Uex Cent 1st inc 32^1
t; S 3s coup 108X UInn & Et L 4sT 104 *
! 0 8 cew 4s reg.. 139 Mo. Kana & T 4s. f>:»
}", c O ,'f 1* "K-'-J' 1^ N T Cent lsts... 103%
U S old 4s coup.. 111% N Y C gen 31U 10RV
U S 5« reg .106 S J Cjnt «eni5' lWy
U S 5s coup 107% No Paciflc *
Atchison »cen 4*..ltttS No Pacific Ss 745C
Atchisou adj 4s.. Xi\U N & W con 4«"*1O2?2
Bait & Ohio in... 104% Reading g»n 4s" 9S<%
Bait & Ohio 8%. D534 S L & I M con 5s'.m%
B & O conv 4s... 105% St L & S F 4s 96^
Canada So 2ds...lO9% St L Swstrn lsts" 98%
Central of Ga 5s. 111% St L Swstrn 2ds 78^
Cent Ga let Inc.. 80 S A & A P 4s 83't
1 Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7% Southern Pac 4s.. 94
I Chpo & Alt 3%s.. R4% Southern. Ry 5s. .120
I C, U & Q new 4s, 96 - Tex & Pac lsts. .120%
C, M&fl P gen 4s. 103% T. St.L & W 4s.. 83%
C & XW con 7s..l40Vx Union Pacific 4«..10. r »
. C. R 1 & *> 4s.. .109%, U Pac conv 4s...l0«
C. C.C&-SL gen 4s.l03% Wabash Jsts lift
I Chgo Terminal 4s. St) Wabash 2ds......ll4%
j Colo & So 4*.;... 93 Wabash deb B... 68%
•Dan & R G 4s... 101% West Shore 4s.;.. 112%
Erie prior Hen 4«. BB W & L E 4s 93%
Erie ren 4b. „ — W/& Wis Central 4s R84i
F W & D C lRt*..106 Ccn Tobacco 4s... 68%
Hocking Val 4^8.108% . w
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, i 2 ® 1 ?,^ 0 : Califor
nia Hams, ll@ll%c; Mess Beef, |10©10 60 per
barrel; extra Mess. $1101180: Family $12®
12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15;^ extra -clear,
$22 50®23- Mess $18 60@19; smoked Beef.
- at 81& perjb for
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 10%c; three
half-barFels! lOcTone tierce ¦ 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c'per lb.
Hides, fallow, Wool and Heps.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about* l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers* Ylc; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 0%c for heavy and Oc for Ilgnt.
Stags 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c: ;%:
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, lb^c; Culls 14c
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. ISglSMic: ' pulto «ia
Brands. 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15^0c
each; short Wool. 4O«6Oc each; »^™i,S2f
75c; long Wool. SOc@?l 10 ea ch: Hor se H aea.
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 50 for ™? H lun V
$1 75@2 for small and 50c : for Colts .Horse.
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25®1 80 t0T ™:
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. D _*
skins— Summer or red skins. Itoc; fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin » k » n f- f*£
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 70c; large ana
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. 1K .
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 5^@6c P«r lb «
No. 2. 4V^®5c; grease. 2%@3c. .
WOOL-lFall San Joaquin. 6@8c : San_ Joa
qin Lambs'. 7%@S^c; Middle County. S@10c
per lb: Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15%c. do.
fall, 14@15c per lb. .„ 1K tnr
HOPS-9@10o for fair and ll@12o per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10®ioc
for shipment.
i San Francisco Meat Market.
No further change Jn anything is observable.
The supply and demand about balance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6STc per lb
for Cows. ' .
VEAL— large. 7%®9c; small, 8@10c per lb.
-, MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%@8c
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings.' 9@9%c per lb; Spring
Lamb, lie per lb. ¦_,
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%@
6c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; soft Hogs. 5@5%c;
sows, 20 per cent off: boars, 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs, 7@8%c.
New\ York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29. — Another advance of
%@%c was established to-day, in copper. That
was one interesting feature. Another import
ant as well as interesting feature was the sale
on the floor of the ; Metal Exchange of 250,000
pounds of lake copper, sellers' option February-
March, at 12c This would ceem to ¦ indicate
faith in the ' strength of the position of cop
per. The closing prices at New York were
ll%c bid for lake, ll%c for electrolytic and
11 %c for casting. The London market for
copper was also higher the net gain' being
about £1 7s Cd. spot closing at £51 7s 6d and
futures at £51 10s.
Tin was a shade lower •here, closing at
$23 35@23 55, and London was 12« 6d lower,
closing at £106 Is 6d for spot and £103 for
futures. - \ : . • •
Lead was unchanged here at $4 10 and un
changed at London at £10 16s 3d.
Spelter was unchanged here at $4 27^ and
London was 2s 6d higher at £17 2s 6d.
Iron was quiet and steady, but unchanged,
at New York. Glasgow was a little higher at
49s Id, but MIddlesboro was .unchanged at
44s l%d. I Pig-iron warrants closed steady and
unchanged at $11@12; No. 1 Northern foun
dry, $16 50@17 50; No. 2 Northern foundry,
$lli@16 70; No. 1 Southern foundry, $16@l<i 50;
No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $1C@1G 60. ;
UVERPOOL.
Wheat—. - March. May.
Opening 6 114 0 1<&
Closing c 1%, • 6 1%
; : ' •¦. •?¦¦' .PARIS.' ". ;•; ' ' ' ; ¦
Wheat — . Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 65 , 22 60
Closing 21 65 ' 22 70
Floui- — .
Opening .': . 27 05 • ' ' 23 25
Closing 27 65 28 30 -
Stiver and Sterling Exchange advanced slightly.
General advance in Grain and Feeds, ozving to the north ivind.
Wheat, Barley, Oats, Hay and Roiled Barley higher.
'Bran and Middlings in better movement, but unchanged.
Beans and Seeds continue dull.
Eggs coming in more heavily. Market steady.
Butter firm and iccll cleaned up. Cheese weak.
Nothing iiczv in Dried Fruits.
Provisions higher at Chicago, but unchanged here.. -
No further variation in Meats.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Fruits dull, ozving to cold zvcathcr.
Poultry and Game about the same.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Wall street stocks rather lower.
SUMMARY OF. THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief.......' 10
Alice : 45 Ontario .......... .7 50
Breece 00 Ophir ......:.....' SO
Brunswick Con OS Phoenix ." Oil
Com:itock Tunnel., sy. Potosl ...?... 08
Con, Cal & Va...l 05 Savage 03
Dead wood Terra,.. 50 Sierra Nevada...... ' It
Horn Silver 1 r»0 Small Hopes S8
Iron Silver. 60 Standard 3 35
Leadville Con 05 • .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . • US Steel pfd.... 02%
Call loans. ... .3^@4%- Mining-
Time loans 4@5 Adventure ....... 1 22
Bonds — - Allouez ' 3
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ... 74}£
Gas lsts .*. S3 Baltic ."iS
Mex Cent 4s S2 Bingham .... 22>6
N E Gas & Coke. 57% Calumet & Hecla.615
Railroads— Centennial ...... 12%
: Atchison 75Vj Copper Range.. . . 67^
! Atchison pfd. . . : . 96% Dominion j Coal. . . j 6314
Boston & Albany. 263 Franklin ........ lG'/i
> Koston & Maine.. 192 V& Isle Royale. ...... 21^4
Boston Elevated.. 165 Mohawk 34
N Y, N H & H...210% Old Dominion.... 22^
Union Pacific ... .100-T4 O6ceola 82?*
Mexican Central. 2S% PaiTOt .....30
; Miscellaneous — Quincy 144 •
: American Sugar. .12C Santa Fe Copper. 8i£
Am Su^ar pfd .... 117 Tamarack 255
Am Tel &. Tel... IAS Trimountaln ..... 58?;
Dom Iron & Steel. 2S Trinity 13
General Electric. 277^ United States 15%
Mass Electric... 33 Utah \ 24
Mass Elec pfd «J2 Victoria 5
N E Gas & Coke. 4& Wlnona '. \\a
United Fruit 88 Wolverine 45,
U S Steel....:.... 42%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 01% Mo Kan & Tex.. 27%
•do for acct.. 04 7-10 do prefd .. . o*
Anaconda 7 NT Central 106
Atchison ..". 78'/4 Norf & West 57vft
do prefd ... 99Ms do prefd 93%
Bait & Ohio ..106 Ont & Western.. 34>>i
Can Pacific 110% South Railway... 83 yi
Ches & Ohio ; 47% do prefd , 07
Chi Gt Western:. 23Vi South Pac ....... GI'h
C M & St Paul..lGS% Union Pacific ...104%
D & R Grande... 44>4 do prefd OOv*
do prefd 93% U S Steel ....... *4,i
Erie 40% do prefd . .... . .. 97?i
do 1st prefd 73 Wabaeh m>
do 2d prefd 58 do prefd fi
111 Central 143% Spanish 4s ««»
L- & Nash 109
Bar silver, steady, 25%d per ounce. Money.
2Vi@3% per cent. \ ¦ ' =
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills 'Is' 3 tt per cent. ' .
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months 1 bills is 3%@3y* per cent.
shoulders (boxed), 7^i@7M,e; short clear: sides
(boxed). ?8 60@8 70; whiskv, basis of < high
wlnt-s, $1 ;32i&; clover, contract grade, $9 60. -_
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ........... 60 000 30.000
"Wheat, bu K.. ..108.000 . 96.000
Corn, bu g>> 000 ' 70,000
Oats, bu- w .176*000 .-227,000
Rye, bu .................. 4 000 2,000
Barley, bu/. . ... . . . ...^ ; 57,000 , 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm ; creameries 15@25c; dairies,
14@20c: cheese, steady, 10ii@llc: eggs, firm,
fresh, 25c.
Flour and Millstuffs
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
3 35 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $3®
**¦¦ MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4®>4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $6 S3@8 33;
in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. /
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The fierce north wind whclh swept the State
sent prices up yesterday for Hay, and good
Wheat sold readily at $U per ton. There was
a sale at $15, but it was a broken car and was
hardly quotable.' - The other grades advanced
in proportion and Straw went along with the
rest. A circular from a well-known Hay deal
er appears in the first column. •
Rolled Barley and Corn products were also
higher. Bran and Middlings were in good de
mand and firm, but prices remained un
chansrfld. -.¦•••
, BRAN — $18 50@10 50 per ton. , '
MIDDLINGS— ?20@21 50 per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $19@19 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, . $27@28; }. Job
bing, $28 50@20; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@32: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 CO;
Mixed Feed. $17@18 50.
HAT— Wheat, $10@13 50; fancy, $14; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13 50; Oat, $9@11: Alfalfa, $8®
10; Clover, $7@0; Volunteer, $G@S 50;- Stock,
$6@8 per ton. - •
STRAW — 15@60c per bale.
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30; 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
Nezu York Stock Market.
KEW TORE. Jan. 29. — There was a revul
t'.on of «=i>eculative sentiment in the stock mar
):et to-day and the movement to sell gathered
force up to the doer, which was active and
-weak. Generally speaking yesterday's prnin<>
¦were w!iK-<i out. The movement had no other
obvious caure than the desire to take profits
ro the part of the professional trader* who
tind bought yesterday or earlier. It took only
chouf half an hour of. trading after the open
ing I* demonstrate that the slightly increased
cenvsv.d attracted by yesterday's sharp ad
yaacs was betas so fully led by praflt-taking
west ' reported a. . better ¦ ea*h demand and St.
Louis predicted another bull mqyement.
'. \ There was no change In quotations here, but
the market ruled firm.
, Large yellow, . $1 37*£@1 45; small round
do. $1 .50: white. $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
;RTE-^Continues firm at 85@9Oc per ctl. The
steamer Argyll took out 400 tons for New York,
via Panama. t ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctL
¦;¦:¦¦:¦'.¦•: ¦ .¦ ' ' ¦ .-.¦-.;.. •¦•,¦>.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. S@9c; ; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peachae. 5@7%c; 'Pears, 4%@8l4c; Plums
pitted, -4®5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines 6@
5&c.ior red and 5^@6^c for white; Figs 3c
for black and W)@75c per*box for white
PRUNES — 1001 crop are quoted as follows •
30-40's, 6@6Vjc; 40-50's, A%@5\Lc; BO-CO's W
@4%c;. 60-70's. 3%@4V4c: 70-80' s. 3%@33ic:
80-90's. 2%@3Uc: 00-100's, 2%@2Sic per lb
- RAISINS— Nominal. - 7 * . *~ '"'
.NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts No 1
softshell, 9&c; No. 2, 8@8^c; No.'l hardshell
9&; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell. 8@10c for softshell and 6@~e for-hard
shell;'Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern: -Brazil Nuts
.12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. ¦¦¦.¦•.-'
HONEY— Comb, 12@13c for bright and 10®
12c • for light amber; water white extracted
5@6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark 4c • '
BEESWAX— 27}&®29c per lb. "
STATION
3
2 2
P; 33
: 5 : 3
0 K 1
* r ?*
Astoria
Baker
C«rson ....
Eureka . ; .
Fresnj
KlarFtaff . .
Pocatello. It
Ind<?pendenc
Ix-k Angele;
Phoenix
IVrtland ..
Bed Bluff .
Uoseburg .
FarraniPntci
Ssit I^ake. .
Pan Francis
K. L. Obisp
Ban Dlefro .
Seattle ....
Srxkan*" . .
Neah Bay. .
TValla Wall:
Winnemucc;
Yuma
i<ia
c
i .
to.
\i '.
.30.12
..30.36
, .30.S0
. .30.23
..30.18
. .29. OS
au:40.48
30.12
. .30.02
. .29.3S
. .30.2R
. -?.0.22
.30.30
. .30.20
..:{0..'{<>
o.W.22
. .:to.:s
. .r,o.oo
..^0.12
. .T.0.32
..2».94
..SO. 32
.30.3S
..29.98
25 22
10 — »5
IS 2
4<i .*M)
SO 20
26 10
10 — 16
34 18
54 40
f>2 20
22 16
44 32
30 20
44 34
15 6
r>o ss
r»4 30
r>o 44
30 20
14 0
36 32
18. 2
16 —8
46 34
ICE Cloudy T.
N\V Cloudy .00
NE Cloudy .0i
N Cloudy .00
N Pt Cldy .Oft
S Pt Cldy .»
NE Pt Cldy .00
N Clear .00
XW Clear .04
E Rain .:-.%
E Hnow .10
N Cloudy .00
NE Snow .<«
NVC Ooudy .00
W Clear .00
E Pt Cldy .00
N «Hear .00
NE Clear .42
S Know . .20
E .Snow .01
£E Rain .13
S Cloudy .00
SW Cloudy .00
N Cloudy .24
STATION
3
2 2
P; 33
: 5 : 3
0 K 1
* r ?*
Astoria
Baker
C«rson ....
Eureka . ; .
Fresnj
KlarFtaff . .
Pocatello. It
Ind<?pendenc
Ix-k Angele;
Phoenix
IVrtland ..
Bed Bluff .
Uoseburg .
FarraniPntci
Ssit I^ake. .
Pan Francis
K. L. Obisp
Ban Dlefro .
Seattle ....
Srxkan*" . .
Neah Bay. .
TValla Wall:
Winnemucc;
Yuma
i<ia
c
i .
to.
\i '.
.30.12
..30.36
, .30.S0
. .30.23
..30.18
. .29. OS
au:40.48
30.12
. .30.02
. .29.3S
. .30.2R
. -?.0.22
.30.30
. .30.20
..:{0..'{<>
o.W.22
. .:to.:s
. .r,o.oo
..^0.12
. .T.0.32
..2».94
..SO. 32
.30.3S
..29.98
25 22
10 — »5
IS 2
4<i .*M)
SO 20
26 10
10 — 16
34 18
54 40
f>2 20
22 16
44 32
30 20
44 34
15 6
r>o ss
r»4 30
r>o 44
30 20
14 0
36 32
18. 2
16 —8
46 34
ICE Cloudy T.
N\V Cloudy .00
NE Cloudy .0i
N Cloudy .00
N Pt Cldy .Oft
S Pt Cldy .»
NE Pt Cldy .00
N Clear .00
XW Clear .04
E Rain .:-.%
E Hnow .10
N Cloudy .00
NE Snow .<«
NVC Ooudy .00
W Clear .00
E Pt Cldy .00
N «Hear .00
NE Clear .42
S Know . .20
E .Snow .01
£E Rain .13
S Cloudy .00
SW Cloudy .00
N Cloudy .24
AUCTION SALES
fe £?* £t>
CLOSING OUT SALE
1 OF THE FOLLOWING STANDARD
Palo Alto Brood Marts,
27 IN ALL, INCLUDING
Anselma. 2:20V. by Ansel. 2:20 (dam of An-
selor. 2:21%); " Asombrosaby Azmoor. 2 :-<»'•;
Bell Bird 2:22 by Electioneer: Cecin.> by M««n-
docino. 2:1!>S: Clarion. 2:25 : V». by Ansel. --"'•
Clarionette by Dexter Prince; Coralla W
Boodle. 2:12%; Corsica by Dexter Prince: .tua.
2:20. by Electioneer; Elsie by General Benton
(dam of five in the list): Glacinta ty Guy
Wilkes, 2:15Vi: Lady Agnes, by Election^?
(dam of two in the iist): Lady Nutwood 2:3414.
by Nutwood. 2:18% (dam of three in the list):
Ladywell, 2:16% by Electioneer: Laura Drew
by Arthurton (dam of two in the Hat): Lena
by Dexter Prince; Lilly Thcrn by Electioneer;
Morning Glory by Electioneer (dam of two in
the list): Nellie Benton, 2:30. by General Bri-
ton (dam of two In the HaO; Ororoae by Ora
Wilkes. 2:11: Sabling by Guy Wilkes. 2:toV;:
Sonoma, 2:2S. by Electioneer: Sylla Rarnes by
Whirs 2:27%: Wlldmay. 2:"0. by Electioneer
(dam 'of Wilder. 2:lG}i); Zorilla by Dexter
Prince.
All safe in foal to such sires as
McKlnney. 2:11%: Iran Alto. 2:12U; Nutwood
Wilkes 2:16V-: Mendocino. ,2:19tA: Exioneer:
Azmoor. 2:20%; Monbells. 2^:23%. etc.
Also the followin? horses:
Bay stallion, AZMOOR. 2:20%, by Election-
eer, dam Mamie C; brown eeldlnsr ALTOWER.
by Altlvo 2:18^4. dam .Wildflower <2>. 2:21.
and chestnut gelding ME.VZIE, by Mendoclno.
2:10%. dam Lizzie.
SALE WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE
Occidental Horse Exchange
721-723 Howard Street. San Francisco.
/ THIS DAT
THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 19D2
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
Horses at yard January 27. Send for catalogue.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
This will be the grandest opportunity ev»r
offered seekers after flrat-class. handsome trot-
ting mares in foal to the- most fashionable sires
in California to get them at their own prlc*.
Many of them are young and after their foala
are weaned will make very desirable roadsters.
A handsomer lot was never offered, ihere will
be no reserve. _^
In Conjunction With the
PALO ALTO SALE
I WILL ALSO SELT.
A Two- Year-Old Bay stallion by
McKinney, £:UK; dam fehe,
A number of roadsters by Diablo (2:09'i).
Steinway (2:25%). Richards Elector. Haw-
thorne. Dexter Prince, etc.. and several Hn«
carriages, buggies, carts, harness, etc.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.¦The exercises were in the hands of the
Servian-Montenegrin Literary and Be
nevolent Society. Covers were laid for
200 guests and there ¦ were speeches and
songs and everything 'else that' goes' to
make a gathering, of i patriots happy.' J.
Kukaviza, '." the ' president,' made" the ad
dress of -welcome, besides alluding to the
saint in whose honor they met that night.
The^national and historical events, ot the
country from i which they' came formed
an interesting part of the speech of the
president. The officers of the- society
¦under 'whose ¦'ausnices- the .banquet * was
given are: President, John E-Kukavlza;
vice president, : P.' Setensich ; treasurer, ' S.
Zenovlch; .'recording ; secretary, "- Spiridon
Vucosarllevich ; " . " financial .'¦ - - secretary,
George A." Dabovich;' directors, M. : Sosich,
V." Lepetlch.'j;* Doklestlch.-M. Miaevich;
financial "committee, "P.- E;
Gudelj,' E. BalUch; physicia'nj H. C. Carlr
son.'- ¦."¦¦¦¦•¦•.'"'"."¦'"" '•''' "'." y ': ' -"' "" •'¦'.'''¦
- San Sava's day, was celebrated Monday
evening by the local ¦ Servians of this
city. " Several' of them were attired in
the costumes of 'the country, and at the
banquet" at '¦ IX>dge Hall," Polk street;. there
was a new and handsome Servian Gag,
which' had • been ¦ made ] for the occasion
at a cost of. $100. .' .
dresses, Banquet and Night of
General Festivities. '
Honor San Sava's Day With Ad-
SERVTJLN-MONTianEGRIN
'" PATRIOTS "CEIiEBRATE
Hundred Armed Men
Q-ather in Wyoming
for Lynching'.
Through the courtesy of Henry: M.
Lynch," superintendent' of construction at
the Market-street railway, Colonel Fulton
Berry'of Fresno : was yesterday, "granted
the .use of the observation" car Hermosal
The colonel has long enjoyed a reputation
of being an excellent host, and T- he lived
up to the' reputation yesterday.. He in
vited about thirty Intimate friends to ac
company himself and wife on "the - trip,"
and filled the car with refreshments of all
kinds. v= Maud Berri, theprima donna of
VThe Princess. Chic' 1 company, now, play
ing ; at the ' Columbia Theater, .' was :• the
guest of honor.' She is a: daughter .'of the
Fresno capitalist and is extremely popu
lar in this city."- ¦ . -¦¦'. i '-.¦'¦¦.¦•¦¦
: The party, visited the Cliff, House and
the various pointa : of interest ' about the
city. 1 Uncle George Bromley,. the benevo
lent Bohemian,' was :' along * and" made
things merry for the party. Colonel Ber
ryls'QUlte' a' wit,: and 'his descriptions oZ
tlio" various r, places : visited were'. r . highly
amusing. 'In. order that; the party would
not suffer from the "glorious .'climate, of
tlie CJolden State"' ¦ the colonel presented,
each guest' with a miniature ' ' hot '.water
bag," on" which. 1 was' printed his daughter's
name and something about" the ; ; climate.
As .there via s no hot water in ] the car the
host provided hot toddies. : .':¦'.' '" ¦
. Superintendent Lynch showed the party
over- the <new •¦; electric "power-house.' and;
the ¦ rotjnbers. '¦ marveled- at 'the 'wonderful
machinery' used In operating the road.' ' B
Novel Souvenirs of a Car
Ride.
Colonel Fulton Berry of Fresno Givea
FURNISHED HOT-WATEB
BAGS TO -HIS" GTTESTS
WRECK OF A TRAIN
EAST OF LIVEBMOBE
Trainmaster Horace Watson Is Se-
verely and Conductor McHugh.
Slightly Injured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 29.
In a train wreck this afternoon at. 5
o'clock, two . miles east of Llvermore,
Horace Watson, a Southern Pacific train
master, was so severely injured that he
may die and Conductor McHugh was seri
ously cut about the head and face. Ah
engine 'tender, and caboose were thrown
from the «track and overturned in the
ditch. The injured men made their way
to Llvermore, where physicians attended
them. ' ' :-¦- • '
The accident Is one of a series which has
been occurring to gravel trains that are
being operated between the new pits at
Pleasanton and Summit, east of Altamont.
' Besides his internal Injuries, which are
so serious,' "VVatson suffered , the fracture
of several ribs. His home is at 917 Ade
line street In this city. "•
A wrecking train was sent out from the
.West Oakland yards to ' clear the track
and to. replace, the overturned " rolling
stock. " •••¦
' Engineer S. Harris Hobron, who re
sides at 946 Union street, in this city, Was
in charge of the wrecked locomotive.
It is said that one cause for the wreck
can be found in the weakening of track
joints by the pounding i of the ¦.' heavy
compound engines that are in service.
The rails through that section of the
country, where the wrecks have ' been
frequent of late, are light, and are not
adapted to the heavy rolling-stock, par
ticularly locomotives, that are run over
them. ' " /
The wreck this afternoon tied up all
travel between Oakland and Stockton
and 'all points over the Llvermore run
east , of ' that ' town. ' v ;
MORAGHAN TAILS TO PAY— Jaaies * B
Moraghan was ordered by Jud^e Seawell yes
terday to appear In court' to-morrow arid'ehow
cause why be should not be punished for con
tempt ot court 1 , for railing ' to pay ! bis former
spouse (3^ per month as he was ordered to dp
when she secured a 'divorce from him. Mrs.
Moraghan also claims : that he has refused to
allow her to visit her child, as per. the 'orders
ot the court. . - • •¦¦-¦;.-—¦- .v;-
The Federal Grand Jury reported a true
bill of indictment yesterday against Mrs.
Kate Bair on" four counts, two 'ot Having
counterfeit dollars in her possession and
two " of having : passed bad ' dollars - upon
Amadeo Pappa and Solomon S. Klahr. "'
Mrs. Kate Bair ' Indicted.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— Ulysses G. Bair
and his wife, Kate Bair, who are under
arrest for having coined a i lot of Uncle
Sam's money oh their. own' account, have
parted with • their, pretty little home "on
Fruitvale avenue, where they had' their
counterfeiting plant and turned out spuri
ous dollars by J the hundred. I They have
been forced to deed: over the property
they had nearly paid for with their home
made money because they are in such an
embarrassing position now that they cah
hot earn money to pay off the mortgage!
The home is handsomely fitted up and is
surrounded by ample ground. The, con
sideration of $10 only is named in the
deed. , The property, was transferred ' tp
Henry A. Pleitner, a Fruityale real estate
man, who made the original deal . to • sell
the, property t& the. Bairs."
CpUNTEBFEITEES BATE
PART WITH PROPERTY
Dynamite Kills Three Men.
HALIFAX, N. S.,' Jan. 29.— An explosion
of dynamite at the Harsh colliery, Thorh
burn, Plctou County, to-day killed three
men and demolished the structure. The
dead are:
j; W. SUTHERLAND, resident man-.
WALTER SUTHEEClAND, underground
foreman.'
JOHN WILKES, overground foreman.
concerts, under the auspices of the- San
Francisco Symphony Society, will take
place at the Grand Opera-house. Direc
tor Paul Steindorff has prepared a splen
did programme, which includes Dvorak's
"New "World Symphony,*' the Nutcracker :
suite of Tschalkbwsky, Weber's overture, i
"Der Frelschutz," and the Rhapsodie by !
Lalo. Such a' symphonic offering has
never been offered before In this city. The
orchestra of fifty-five ' men, with Giulio
Minettl as concert-meister, promises un
usually sood work. The sale of seats is
progressing at Sherman,' Clay & Co.'s,
with a large demand.
Piano Company Incorporates.
The interest of the Eilers' Piano Com
pany of Northern California; has been
merged into a corporation called the
Pomme'r-Eilers Music Company. Articles
of incorporation which "were. filed "yester
day show a " paid up capital of $50,iXX).
The officers of the -company are: Hy. J.
Eiiers, president; B. U.'~ Steinman. .vice
president; A. J. Pommer, treasurer, and
A. R. Pommer, secretary.
"According to the articles of Incorpora
tion the new company will "manufacture,
buy and sell, wholesale and retail; pianos,
organs -and musical merchandise. Mr. 1
Ellers has for a number of years been
prominently connected with. the musical
trade of Portland and : Spokane. Mr. A.'
J. Pommer has for twenty years been
identified with the music business of
Northern California, during which time
be has conducted a large store in Sacra
mento. ' Mr. B. U. "Stelnman Is well and
favorably known among; 'the business and
traveling men of the State.".' " '
* The new company will occupy February
1 the premises at 653 Market street,"re
cently vacated by tbe ; nrm~.of " G.' .W.
Clark & Co. . .
DENVER," Jan. 29.— John Corbett, man
ager for "Young" Corbett, announced to
day-that he had closed arrangements for
a match with VKid" Lavigne, the only
thing remaining to be settled being tha
question of weight. . The match will occur
before the club offering the best induce
ments. Referring to Dave Sullivan's re
cent ' offer to . stop Corbett in ten rounds
for (5000/ Manager Corbett said if McGov
ern failed to put out Sullivan in that time
in their coming fight, he would match
Corbett with Sullivaii and agree to have
Corbett stop him in ten rounds or forfeit
the purse and aside bet of any amount
up to $5000. ". ¦'--¦• .' ." '"¦ •--•••;¦•¦
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 29.— Young Cor
bett to-night asked the Associated Press
to deny the report that he had- agreed
to fight the winner of the Dave Sullivan-
McGovern" contest,', which' will : take "place
here February 22. ¦ Corbett says his man
ager is not with him, and that as far as
he now knows he will not fight again until
next fall. ' "'¦' ¦'"
Young Corbett to Fight Lavigne.
Near him in the tunnel' were several
other miners, but they escaped injury. As
soon as the result of the ' accidental dis
charge was known a rescue party went
through the level, only to find the unfor
tunate miner's body had been blown Into a
hundred pieces.
The remains were gathered up and after
being placed in a coffin taken to Liver
more, where an -inquest will-be held later.
Little is known of the miner.
- Gianetti had gone to work on the night
shift and had been preparing the blast,
after working several hours on the drill
for the insertion "of 'the ' dynamite' car
tridges. Shortly before the accident oc
curred he had arranged everything for the
explosion. It is supposed he was attach
ing the fuse when the blast went off, be
fore he had a second's warning.
By the premature explosion of a set
blast of dynamite at the Tesla coal mines
this morning- Alexander Gianetti, a 'miner,
was' blown to atoms. The accident oc
curred at 3 o'clock in the -iOOrfoot level of
the mine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' 111 Broadway, Jan. 29.
Accident Four Hundred Feet
Below Earth's Surface. «
Alexander Gianetti the Victim of an
TESLA 'MINER IS KILLED
BY DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— The twenty
round cqnte'st between Wells Birdsall and
Tommy Pendergast before the Pastime
Athletic Club in this city to-night resulted
in a victory for Pendergast in the twelfth
round. Birdsall cut out the pace up to the
ninth round, with Pendergast displaying:
a magnificent defense, great ring general
ship and grand punching ability whenever
the chance presented itself. After the.
ninth round Pendergast, assumed the of
fensive, and in the eleventh had Birdsall
so far in "Queer street" that only the tap
of the bell saved him. Birdsall came up
very tired In the twelfth, and Pendergast
landed a right swing on the jaw that
knocked him down. He took the count,
and when he reached his feet a right and
left swing on the jaw sent him down
again. He reached his feet before the
count was over, but was so plainly power
less that Referee Kitchen stopped the
fight- and awarded Pendergast the deci
sion. '. ; l * '¦' ;-'- : i--''-J
Pendergast Defeats Birdsall.
Major Hugh T. Sime, who was an officer
of' the" California volunteers • ant?
who after the mustering' out of
the regiment joined the ;: civil ser
vice of . the : United " States, at' Manila,
stated yesterday that Corporal Hayes dis
appeared in January, 1899. Some time be
fore Slme left Manila he was waited upon
by two sailors,'. who had been captured by
Filipinos j and" taken ' to a' camp In the
mountains about thirty days' march out
of Manila. There they fell in with'Cor
poral Hayes,' who was a: prisoner in the
hands of a band of Filipinos. The sailors
further stated that there was no truth in
the story published that Corporal Hayes
had 'been shot in the trenches while de
serting, but that on the. contrary, he had
been seized a' little way out of Manila
¦while walking with a native woman and
had been rushed' to. the ! mountain camp,
where he died of consumption in January,'
1901.' The ; War Department, Slme said,
was appealed to and made an investiga
tion, which resulted In obtaining verifica
tion of the statement made by the sailors.
The result of that inquiry has been trans
mitted to Thomas J. McCreagh of the.
Custom-house in this city, who was ah of
ficer of the First California' and /to whose
command the /corporal -'was- attached.
Thus the Government has done Justice to
a defamed man, : tho-ugh he was not" high
in the army:- " •: - ;'. : -
The. crimo of desertion from the' United
States army in the face of the enemy is
considered "; one of the mbst.'- serious
charges that" can be preferred against a
soldier. .Such an accusation was made
against Corporal Hayes of Company. D of
the First California Volunteers, and there
were highly sensational stories published
about him In the papers at Manila and In
this. city. An investigation was 1 made -by
the \War Department arid' the stain, 'that
was cast upon Corporal Hayes,' who was
well known. in this city, has been at last
removed. ' " , \ "
Unjustly Accused of Deserting
in Face of the Enemy. ¦
Corporal of . California Volunteers
GOVERNMENT DISCOVERS
THAT HAYES WAS INNOCENT
Reports have been received by the Mc-
Kinley National Memorial Association of
the organization of 'auxiliary branches of
the association - a t : Napa, ¦ Grass ' ' ' Valley,
Santa Ana, Santa Cruz. Redwood City,
Pasadena and Emeryville. Other cities
and v towns are to organize during the
week. v
McKinley Memorial Association.
The officers of the Law and Order
League are: President, Rev. H. H. Bell;
vice " president, Charles Montgomery:
secretary, Henry Z. Fiske; treasurer, I.
J. Truman.
A feature of the meeting will be an ad
dress'by Professor David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University, who will speak on
"The Strength of Being Clean." The pub
lic are invited.
Resolutions will be adopted and a com
mittee appointed to appear before the
Board of Supervisors on Monday next.
The Law and Order League of this city,
an organization composed of clergymen
and leading church members, will hold
a meeting to-night to protest against the
reopening of the Ingleside racetrack. The
meeting is to be held in the Academy
of Sciences Hall. Rev. H. II. Bell,
president of the organization, will pre
side.
Meeting 1 in Academy of
Sciences Tiyn.
Law and Order League to Hold a Big
WILL PROTEST AGAINST
REOPENING OF INGLESIDE
ATLANTA," Ga., Jan. 29.— This section
of the country was to-day, according to
thi; * weather I bureau, the meeting point
of a high and low area the former bring
ing a cold wave and the. latter rain. A
drizzling' rain gave way -to-night to ¦ a
dense fog,' which has interfered with all
wire communication and hampered local
street traffic. A sleetstorm .'extending
from the Ohio River as far south as, Mem
phis' and "east to Chattanooga almost
paralyzed telegraph wires, while snow in
Texas .isolated some parts of that State
from the outside world. Southern tem
peratures ranged from 16 dei^rees at Nash
ville to 78 at. Key "West. .
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Jan. 29.— The storm,
was severely felt throughout the State.
In nearly all of the large towns streetcar
service' Is at a standstill and the damage
to fruit and shade trees Is heavy. In
the eastern portion f of Kentucky the
smaller' streams are rising rapidly and
the loss to lumbermen by the breaking of
booms will be severe.
The ' business section of ' the city is a
scene of desolation. The estimated dam
age will exceed $400,000, including loss to
business. The Southern Telephone and
Telegraph Company- reports loss of $25,000.
Fully 5000 shade trees were demolished.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. 29.— Heavy
losses resulted from the terrible storm of
sleet 'and' cold rain which has prevailed
here for the past three days, eliminating
last nisht. ' '."'
A large crowd gathered about the wreck
and twelve minutes later a second run
away car came tearing down the hill and
plowed into the crowd with death-deal
ing force.' On the way down the hill tha
car struck a carriage containing James
Brown and Lizzie Minner, on their way to
McKeesport to be married. The carriage
was completely wrecked and' the driver,
Alexander Sanders, was fatally hurt. The
young couple escaped with comparatively
slight injuries and later were married.
A blinding sleet storm prevailed at the
time and, it is said, the two cars "skated"
down the hill with brakes tightly set.
The accident happened at the foot of
Long Hill, runing into Wilmerding from
McKeesport. A car without passengers
got beyond the control of the motorman
and dashed down the hill, one and a quar
ter miles long, at a terrific speed. At the
bottom it Jumped into the Pennsylvania
Railroad station, carrying away the side
of the station and tearing up the plat
form.
The seriously injured are: Chas. Wright,
motorman, arm broken, hurt internally;
Alexander Sanders (colored),' both legs
broken, will die; James F. Ryne, motor
man, severely cut and bruised; Frank
Small. East McKeesport, leg broken in
two places, badly cut; Thomas Campbell,
Wilmerding. teller Farmers' National
Bank. Pittsburg, cut and bruised all over
body; Jacob Smith, Walsen, severely cut
about head. - .
PITTSBURG, Jan. 29.— Three persons
were killed, two fatally hurt and a score
of others more or less injured by two
runaway cars on the Monongahela branch
of the Pittsburg Railway Company to
night. The dead are:
JOHN McFADDEN, aged 24, East Me-
Keesport.
MARY KINCAID, 19, East McKeesport;
passenger on second car. •
ROBERT TRUSS. 29, conductor, Pitts
burg. -
Business Section of Little
Rock Presents Scene
of Desolation.
Three Persons Are Killed
During a Storm of
" SI oof
"That boy over there," exclaimed Coons,
pointing to a child named Claude Altman.
whom he is accused of having abused,
•'hasn't got any devils in him because ho
is too small. If 'he was a little bigger,
though, he would have them."
But on the subject of evil spirits and
little devils Coons demonstrated that he
is altogether crazy. He said that it is
within his power to distinguish devils in
children as soon as he see them and that
he can drive them away by pounding their
bodies with his fists.
At the examination Coons was first per
mitted to tell all about himself. On the
events of his past life his memory was
clear enough. Judge Ogden and the ex
amining physicians, Drs. J. L. Miton and
Myra Knux, succeeded in drawing out the
history of his life from his boyhood until
the present. His troubles seemed to have
begun after he married his second wife,
in 1890. He had trouble with her and
claims that it led to his being put in the
insane- asylum at Utlca, N. xv, where he
was then living. He came jo California
then and in 1893 was committed to Ukiah,
having become afflicted with religious
mania. He stayed there three months and
has since been living in Oakland.
The insane delusion entertained by Ed
ward L. Coons that he is commissioned
to drive evil spirits out of the bodies of
every child he meets convinces the police
department that he is the man »vho at
tacked and bound little Flossie White.
Testimony offered before Judge Ogden to
day, when Coons was examined on a
charge of insanity, bears out this theory
as to the identity of the man who has
been so long sought. On the strength of
the stories of witnesses and Coons' own
admissions that he has attacked children
Judge Ogden decided that the safest place
for him is the State hospital at Uklah,
to which institution he committed the
patient.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. 29.
Children Are Afflicted With
* White Devils.
Edward L. Coons' Delusion Is That
ASSAILANT OF FLOSSIE
WHITE GOES TO ASYLTJK
MOB AWAITS
THE MURDERER
REDDING,^ Jan. 29.— Gold has been dis
covered on land, upon which stood for
years the buildings in which the poor and
infirm of Shasta County were housed.
The land is near the town of Shasta.
The county hospital was recently moved
from Shasta, to, a .point near Redding.
The eighty acres of land comprising the
old site was considered almost worthless
and was sold 'to four men for. $600. Cor
oner Greene of this city: was among the
purchasers.
The four men - sot about .to develop a
quartz claim" on the. property. At a depth
of sixty feet a drift was started to cross
cut the iMlge. After running twenty feet
an ore boay was tapped to-day. The rock
is richiin free gold, easily discernible to
the naked eye. The pay shoot is three
feet in width, although the ledge has an
extreme width of fifteen feet. - Conserva
tive miners estimate the value of the ore
which glistens across the face of the pay
shoot to average $300 a ton.
• >I~Hr^^H^^^ l^^^^^^^•^•I•^^•M••!••!^':^^I••^^^^^ 9
Gold Strike Near Redding.
-SEATTLE, Jan. 29.— Unless the claims
of somo of the miners who are now tn
the country to secure* locations are much
exaggerated the coming, spring promises*
to bring from Alaska news of a new
placer gold strike of considerable im
portance. The discovery of the Inoko
gold fields was made by a party of pros
pectors who, on their way out from the
KjUskokwim a year ago, lost their way
and wandered on to the Inoko, where
they spent the remaining portion of the
winter. In the spring they did a little
prospecting, sufficient, according to the
reports, to convince them that the ground
was extraordinarily rich — after .which
they came on out- of the country- for, a
supply of provisions and equipment' for
working their newly discovered claims.
News- of the find reached Nome late
this season and at least three parties left
that place to go to the scene of the dis
covery. One of these consisted of four
men, H. R. Henderson and R. H. Hen
derson of San Francisco and J. Cunning
ham and Charles McDow. of this' city.
According to their Information the dis
coverers of the new diggings took out
57000 in dust and nuggets, in a few days.
One of the discoverers was a man anmed
Ferguson, who came from Oregon. The
gold was in dust and in gold-bearing cop
per quartz.
The men claimed that, according to re
liable information, the new diggings were
so rich that a man could easily take out
upward of $15 a day. .The Hendersons in
vested $4000 in' their outfit' and another
party, outfitted by two saloon keepers at
Nome, purchased the small steamer Los
Angeles and - started . a party of sixteen
men for the new discoveries.
San Franciscans in New Field.
The conglomerate deposit so far. located
is "eight miles long and from one and a
quarter to four miles wide. Its thickness
is unknown as yet, as'rio sinking has been
done, but the fissuring of the mass shows
500 feet. This fissure traverses the con
glomerates from the northwest to south
east. One side has subsided, leaving the
other precipitous, and at the base of the
precipice no indications of a change of
structure are observable. There seems no
doubt that the Indian River Valley was
at one time 400. or 500 feet higher than at
present and that its old channel has been
depressed by erosion or by some sudden
convulsion of nature. to its present level
Every portion of this immense mass of
quartz conglomerate, is gold '. bearing.
Colors are found everywhere and j free,
gold in specks and. good sized nuggets are
of freauent occurrence.' ' . '
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 29.-Reports
from mining engineers and reliable'miners
of Dawson tell of the discovery of quartz
conglomerates on Indian River, twenty
eight miles from Dawson, the immensity
and phenomenal wealth of which it is dif
ficult to grasp. Indian River and its trib
utary creeks were thoroughly prospected
for placer gbld in the early days* of the
Klondike rush. Recently/the nature of
the placer material on these creeks at
tracted the attention of miners who had
worked in .the South African gold neids
and they were struck with its similarity
to the rich "blanket" deposits of the
Rand. They carried ' their investigations
further, to the neighboring benches, and
discovered that the 'escarpments of the
Indian River Valley were composed of
immense masses of conglomerates, iden
tical in composition with " those c which
have yielded so many millions of treasure
in. South Africa. A superficial prospect
of deposits satisfied the miners that they
were gold bearing, and subsequent exam
inations at various points revealed the
fact that they carried from $100 'to ?200 in
gold to the ton. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Escarpments of Indian River Valley
Are Found to Be Composed
" ; . , of . Great Masses of
A Conglomerates.
Metal - Bearing Deposit la
Many Square Miles in
X Extent:
SKATING CARS)
CAUSE TRAGEDY
Tiring of this and other influences that
were undermining the home trade the
Los Angeles jobbers determined to fight
the sugar question in Los Angeles to a
standstill. From to-morrow morning,
until further notice, the retailers of Los
Angeles will be enabled to purchase gran
ulated sugar at $4 SO a hundred and beet
granulated sugar at $4 70 a hundred.
In commercial circles it was said that
a better rate than this would be granted,
as any rate offered from San Francisco
will be met If the entire bottom has to be
dropped out of the sugar bucket.
• o
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 29.— Sugar will be
cheaper in Los Angeles; a condition that
confronts tha Los Angeles' "ibbb'ers has
made this imperative. The reduction Is
a result of the conflict that for .weeks has
been waged among San Francisco; Job
bers. In the northern city the sugar rate
card was long ago. smashed, the product
being sold at less than rennery ' prices.
So. bitter did this struggle become that
many. San Francisco jobbers quoted prices
that enabled the Los Angeles retailers to
lay down sugar hero at 20 cents: per 100
below the rate that has "ruled in Los An
geles. This caused a marked decrease, in
the sales by Los Angeles Jobbers in the
field that they, claim is exclusively their
own.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVOC CAUSED
BY HIGH WINDS
News of the expedition arrived here to
day on the steamer. Bertha: Captain Joan
sen, which made the trip dowri from Ka
diak in a little more than eight days,. <
- SEATTLE, Jan. 29-T-Af ter : undergoing
hardships and overcoming obstacles the
members of the trans-Alaskan exploration
and trail building party have succeeded In
cutting their way through, from the Yukon
to Iliamna Lake and establishing a trail
which," it is. claimed, will mark a new era
commercially so far as Nome, and tha con-!
tiguous region is concerned:
- In addition to establishing a horse trail,
with road houses thirty, miles, apart, mak
ing a safe route in the depth of winter for
travelers,' mail and freight, the party ob
tained a good deal"of topographical infor
mation in" regard to the country traversed,
which will render necessary material al
terations in the maps with regard to the
locations of rivers and lakes. A chain of
mountains not given on the maps, with
one peak 'said to rival Mount Rainier, was
crossed by the party and its general fea
tures carefully neted. A shorter and lower
range was discovered between the Yukon
and Kuskokwioi rivers.'.'
It was commonly, believed that the party
had met disaster. in the frozen wilds of
the interior, as its arrival at Iliamna was
expected two months ago. The party en
dured enormous hardships and for several
days was forced to subsist on horse flesh.
Some of. its members were badly frostbit
ten and Deputy United States Surveyor
Webster Brown's, forearms were' frozen
and are *s till incased in bandages.
DESMOINES, Iowa. Jan. 29.— Governor
Cummins delivered an address to a joint
session of the Legislature on the subject
of William McKinley in honor of the birth
of the late President. ..*
DENVER; Jan. 29.— The. Legislature to-:
day adopted resolutions containing a
splendid tribute to the great services and
pure life of the late President ' McKinley,
deploring the manner of his death' and ap
pealing to all ' legislative bodies to stamp
out anarchy. The 'House • unanimously
adopted resolutions commending Admiral
Schley and condemning the majority re
port of the naval board of inquiry in his
case. ' • ¦"¦/•¦ ;•-..•¦:•¦-.'¦-' v-
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 29.-rThe. praises
of the late "¦". President McKinley were
spoken by members of the Ohio Legisla
ture to-day In a flow of oratory which
has not been equaled in years in the hall
of the House" of "'Representatives. Gov
ernor Nash and others spoke." The cham
ber was crowded by members' of both
branches of the Legislature, 'officers "of
the State and prominent citizens of Ohio.
Governor Nash also' addressed the. stu
dents at the Ohio State "University."
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.— Chicagoans of all
rank and stations honored' the name ot
William McKinley to-day— the anniver
sary of his birth.. Flags throughout' the
city were at half-mast and memorial ser
vices were held in many churches, schools
and Grand Army camps. n All the 1 city of
fices and the "county courts were'closed,
for the day." The services culminated in
a meeting at Studebaker Hall to-night un
der the' auspices of the ' Hamilton Club,
where Judge William R. Day of Ohio wus
the principal speaker.* v • ' '¦:;¦' --;
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Exercises in ob
servance of the birthday of the late Presi
dent ¦McKinley were held in the public
schools to-day. . Flags j were flown" on all
public buildings, and several meetings set
for to-day. Including, one of the Board of
Aldermen, j were' adjourned as a mark of
respect to the late President's memory.
The routine of the public and parochial
schools of , Canton was suspended for the
day in favor of patriotic exercises in
honor of the late President. , :::.', - ;
The chief orator of the meeting was
William Dudley Foulke. of Indiana^ aJperT
sonal "friend of the late President,'" recent
ly 'selected by President Roosevelt • for
membership on the Civil ' Service Commls
sionr" Following his eulogy of the late
President,- ' Foulke " bespoke' for j President
Roosevelt the sympathy, the* loyalty arid
the patriotic co-operation of all those who
loved and honored the "former. Presldent:
Referring to anarchy, and anarchists; be
said" no doubt laws would be enacted
against' them, but the real,' safety: of our
institutions,- he said, lies in our unaltera
ble'resolution to 1 preserve our heritage of
freedom. . . ••¦ ">-¦
' CANTON, Ohio, - Jan. 29.— The people ot
this city/paid ,* tribute' to the late. President
McKinley. , in a memorial, service at "the
Tabernacle ; to-night. It waa paritidpaied
1JV by- persons in ' all walks • of * Uf e! : : ' to a
number that taxed the big \ inclosure,
where many of the same - people had - so,
often listened to the. words "of their old
f fiend and" /neighbor. " . ; v '; :
The correspondent says the Dutch Gov
ernment expressly announced In this note
that it possesses no authorization whatso
ever from the Boer leaders, either in Eu
rope or South Africa,' to take this sug
gested step, but that it appeals to Great
Britain on the ground of common human
ity, for military permission for the Dutch,
commission to accomplish Its mission or
peace.
PARIS, Jan. 30.-1* Patrio this morning
publishes an interview '.with Dr. Leyds.
who denies that the representatives of
the South African republics in Europe
asked for the mediation of Holland in
South African affairs, or authorized Dr.
Kuyper, the Dutch Premier, to make
propositions for peace.
"There can be no conditions for the
British Government to examine," said
Dr. Leyds. "There is only one condition:
the British Government knows it suf
ficiently well and need not examine It fur
ther. From the intentional ambiguity of
Air. Balfour's statement in the House of
Commons it is evident that this is mere
maneuver."
The German Cabinet is maintaining, an
absolute neutral attitude, and will not
concern itself with any thing that has the
appearance of meddling in this matter.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The- Hague corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says ho is abla
to announce on authority tnat tha Dutch,
note to Great Britain, after rehearsing
the great concern of that Government at
the prolongation of hostilities in South
Africa; offered its good offices in bringing
them to a close.' To this end Holland
asked whether Great Britain would be
willing to permit a Dutch commission to
proceed to South Africa to enlighten the
Boer leaders in 'the field as to the real
position of affairs and more especially
since It 13 understood that there Is hot
the slightest chance of intervention on the
part of any European power and that tbe
prolongation of hostilities is useless, if
the brave struggle .can servo no further
good purpose.
BERLIN, Jan. 23.— The statement ema
nating from Paris that the powers were
privy to the proposals of Dr. Kuyper, the
Dutch. Premier, to Great Britain on tha
subject of peace- in South Africa, and ap
proved this step beforehand, Is denied
without reservation here in so far aa the
German Government is concerned.
The Boer delegates disclaim any knowl
edge of the contents of the Dutch, note to
Great Britain. '
THE HAGUE, Jan. 23.r-In, the First
Chamber of [States-General to-day the
Premier, Dr.\ Kuyper, replying to a. ques
tion on the subject, confirmed the accur
acy of A. J. Balfour's statement in the
British. House of- Commons yesterday re
garding the Dutch Government'3 offer to
help In bringing about peace in South
Africa, but the Premier added that he
was prevented by courtesy from disclos
ing'any details concerning the note so
long aa the British Government had not
published its contents, or until a reply
to it was received.
Yesterday morning Deputy Sheriff
Bache, who was to tako Matteo to Ag
news, went up to the cell and found him
unconscious. City Physician Laspada
was called, but the old man never re
gained consciousness and died about 11
o'clocn this morning.
An examination of the body this even
ing showed a wound on the top of the
head, which is undoubtedly a fracture of
the skull and which was the cause * of
death.
County officials are «ritlclzed for not
having provided a padded cell for insane
persons, the Sheriff having repeatedly pe
titioned for such an apartment.
Matteo, who was 50 years of age, was.
arrested last Friday by Deputy Constable
Castro for stealing lumber from. W. C.
Krieg. He was charged with petty j lar
ceuy, and was' to have, been tried for the
crime to-morrow. He was. a "sour wine
llend," and when arrested was intoxicat
ed. On Saturday night he became wild
with either delirium, tremeris or insanity.
He hurled. himself against the cell in the
big tank, and when two cellmates inter
fered he attacked .them. Finally Jailer
Dreischmeyer had \o remove the others
from the cell to quiet him.
"When Matteo was bathed on Sunday
it was found that his arms and^ body
were bruised and there was clotted blood
on his head. I Symptoms of insanity de
veloped quickly and after examination
Drs. Bangs and Simpson signed a com
mitment to Acmews.
. SAX JOSE. Jan. 29.— Trobolto Matteo,
an insane patient who was committed to
Agnews Insane Asylum on Monday, died
in the County Jail to-day from the effects
of hurling himself head foremost? against
the brick wall of his cell.
Special Dispatch to TW Call
To-morrow afternoon at 3:15 sharp, the
first of the second series of symphony
The great cycle whirl. Josephine
Sabel, Jordan and Crouch, Kelly and VIo
lette. the Xaxnbas, the Da Coma family,
the Taylor twin sisters, Ada Arnoldson,
and the Biograph, showing "The Matron
Stakes," is the excellent list of attractions
at the Orpbeum this •week. The "cycle
whirl" is a thrilling and sensational act
aud the most extraordinary exhibition of
bicycling; eccentrics that has yet been
here. Josephine Sabel is another favorite
feature of the bill and the whole pro
gramme is of the best and Is serving to
amuse the usual huge Orpheura audiences.
The second concert of the series now
being given by the San Rafael Orchestral
Society will take place on Friday evening,
January SI, in the opera-house, at S:15
o'clock. ' The soloist on this occasion will
be Miss Mary Canington, pianist, who
has recently returned from London, where"
she bas been studying for four years. The
programme is a very worthy one, and no
doubt the concert will receive the support
it deserves from the music lovers of San
Rafael. The numbers are as follows:
March. "Comedy King" C. H. Hirst
Trombone solo, "Asleep In the Deep" . . . Petrle
Frank TVeems.
Oasis. "A Caravan Episode" Otto Langey
Piano solo, (a) Etude Op. 23, No. 7....Chopla
(b) llotb Perpetuo Von Webe
i- - Mies Carrington.
(a) Sextet, "Lucia dl Lammermoor". .Donizetti
<b) Entre Act, "Rnsamonde" Schubert
(For strings only.)
Overture, "Bridal Rose" Lovall»e
Piano solo. Tremolo, Etude <le Concert
¦•¦•¦¦-¦¦•¦ Gottschalk
- Miss Carrington. . .
TVeltz. " Amoureee' ' Bereer
CVcw )
The Chutes has for eccentric to-night a
"fat ladies" stilt contest. Ella Burt, who
"chutes" the chutes on a bicycle, remains
the chief feature of the entertainmenc.
The tremendous success achieved by the
great pianist, Josef Hoimann, at his first
recital is the talk of the town, and a big
rush will be on hand to-morrow afternoon
at the Columbia, when the virtuoso will
appear for the second time. Hofmann has
been accorded the finest reception ten
uered a musician in years and seats for
the Friday recital are accordingly in
great demand. The corrected programme
for to-morrow's concert will be as follows:
1. (a.) Praeludiurn and Fugue. A minor.. Bach
<b> Son&te, A flat major. Op. 39 Weber
Allegro raoderato Andante — Presto as
sai — Rondo.
«c) Scherzo a Cappriccio...... Mendelssohn
(d) Berceus« ..........................
(e) Mazcurka i
Josef Hofmann
«'f) Caprice trpagnole ...Moszkowskl
2. (a) Polonaise A fiat major '
<X) Two Polish songs. Q flat major and
G major Chopin
<c) Barcarolle Rubinstein
id> Second Rhapsodie .Liszt
"A Mr.n of Mystery" is mystifying the
Central audiences this week, much to their
pleasure. It is a stirring melodrama of
love and mystery, and blood and thunder,
that is very well done by the Central
company and very well staged by the Cen
tral management. "Master and Man"
comes next week.
Madame ICor<lica suffered throughout this
«"vcnJn« from the effects of the hard ft rain of
the patt few days and the shaking up re
• ••. i -."»¦ d '.a a railroad accident in Alabama a
short time ago. Notwithstanding this fact her
voice tras perfect. To-night she canceled all
pngagemeats for the next week or ten days,
as she oust have absolute rest and quiet. The
singer is in the hands of a physician.
The following telegram was received
last night from Santa Barbara announc
ing that the Kordica song recitals dated
for the coming week will be deferred until
further notice:
"Coralie and Company" Is serving to
amuse Alcazar audiences. It is more fun
ny than vulgar, but has some ingenuity
of construction and some clever and in
genious mecRanical devices in its setting.
The company is much better than ' the
play, and skims over its risque situations
with admirable lightness of touch. Juliet
Crosby does particularly good work in her
role, and Margaret Wycherly, Oza "VVal
drop, Marie Howe. M. L. Alsop. "Frank
Bacon and George Osbourne all do clever
work. . Next week "The Danites" will be
put on.
"Ole Olsen," the evergreen Swedish play,
is attracting good houses at the Califor
nia. Ben Hendricks, who is seen in the
title role, was the first and is still the
test actor of Swedish parts, and he is] well
supported by his company. The Swedish
Ladies' Quartet is a very attractive feat
ure of the bill, furnishing some exceed
ingly pretty numbers. J
The next play at. this house, to make Its
first apoearance in San Francisco on Sun
dav night, is "The Pride of Jennico,"- the
romantic drama in which James K. Hack
ett found so much fame.
Edwin Arden's melodrama Zorah. k
pleasing large audiences at the Grand
o^fra-hWe. Mr. Arden has an jmpres
*ive part as a venerable Jewish rabbi and
lAura Nelson Hall makes a strong and
pleasing impression in the > title role
Others in the cast are Mr. and Mrs. Gard
ner Crane, who make their first appear
ance this week at the Grand Opera-house;
Herechel ilajall. Fred J. Butler and Burr
CarruUi.
"The Ameer" at the Tivoll is one of the
best things the little opera-house has put
on. Ferris Hartman in the title role is
tjicruciatingly funny, Harry Cashman
comes a pood second as Heezaburd. Fran
ces Graham as Mirzah has made a very
t,ood impression and Anna Liehtcr sings
the part ef Constance with all her old
time sweetness. Annie Myers is happily
cast as the maid of Constance and has
borne very pretty songs. The new tenor.
Harold Gordon, has established himself
iis a first favorite with the Tivoli clientele
and supplied a long-felt want in the com
pany. Arthur Cunningham's brigand is a
splendid effort and "Webb does well, but
might do better, as the court fool. lfie
Ame*r" is good for a long run.
One of the most important attractions
of the season follows. Viola Alien in her
r.ew play. "In the Palace of tho King/' a
oramatization of F. Marion Crawford's
novel of the name, by L«orimer Stoddard.
Miss Allen vrill be supported by an ex
cellent company and the- settings of th«
i ".ay are said to be of the most sumptuous
order.
"The Princess Chic" Is in its last days
at the Columbia Theater and the pretty
opera has met with the success it fully
merits. Miss Bcrri has proved her place
iimong comic opera artists a very high
one and her supporting company is un
usually competent.
Finds Two Chains of Moun
tains Not Shown on Maps
of the North.
Decide to Fight to a Standr
still to Retain Their
Germany Maintains That She
Made No Effort to In
tervene. ,
Yukon Discovery Rivals
Wealth of South
African Rand.
Qovernors and Orators Praise
Work of the Late
* '•-¦¦. Executive.
Patient Committed to Agnews
Is Confined in an Un
padded Cell. :
"The Ameer," "Ole Olson" and
"Coralie & Oo." Drawing
Large Houses.
Dr. Kuyper Admits the
Truth of Balfour's
Statement.
Trans - Alaskan ; Explor
ing Party Survives
Awful Hardships.
Maniac. Kills Himself in
Santa Clara County
Southern . Jobbers Meet
San Francisco Rates
on Sugar.
Wide Range of Attrac
tions Is Offered
Playgoers. \«t
Citizens of Many Cities
Honor Memory of
McKMeyJ
WAST BEDS
OF QUARTZ
GOLD-LADEN
CUTS A TRAIL
IN WILDERNESS
CHEAP SWEETS
FOR ANGELENOS
POUNDS HIS HEAD
AGAINST A WALL
THEATERS HAVE
PLEASING BILLS
DUTCH PREMIER
CONFIRMS STORY
PAY TRIBUTE
TO A MARTYR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^, THUR^^Y^ 30, "UH)2.
J FOLBY-DIKS JN THE HARNESS. — Thomas
Foley of 17 Clyde, street, an old-time employs
of the Mission" Warehouse Company.- died . sufl
<lenly : j'esterday.'f orenoon r while "handling '?acks
6t grain.'" For tbQ last'.three months he had
been 1 affected 'with" pales in. the 'region "of tba
heart. .- Death was due; to heart failure. ! ',
Company G to Entertain.
Company G, of the League of the Cross
Cadets of St. - Brigid's Parish ..will give
an entertainment ; and dance at ', Odd Fel
lows''}; Hall r [l this_ 7 ' evening; ' Trie' . v pro:
ceeds of '"the ' entertainment will ,'be •: de
voted to- the purchasing of new: uniforms
for ' the '¦: cadets. ' . ,An - instrumental -'" • anil
vocal"- programme 'has "'. been "arranged
Gilson,< llcCormick and Shaw wiUfappear
In a': sketch • entitled '.'Romeo', and 'Juliet "
and another of .the? features ': of. the even
ing will be the appearance of members of
Company: G in afarce.- y - — •. . .
Licensed to Marry,
;OAKliAND,' Jan.: 29.— Licenses to marry
were issued"tp T day ; to Isaac' IC'Coiltns,"^
years old; : Orange." and Susan Ruriyan," 43;
Oakland ; J. ~ Ferguson. \ ; 37, ' and
Ella M." Smiths 30, both or San . Francisco;
John T>. • Besten,". 34, and Mollie ¦ Noone;' 24,"
both ! of ' San ; Francisco ; Robert 1 S.'V Wixon,
25, and ¦; Gretchen VH. - Siebe,"> 23, both of
Oakland ; ' Matthew ' D. ¦ McGuiness. \ 21, "and
Mary H. Conroy, : 18, both" of Oakland;
Olaf Thomsen, 40,and Emelle Erlkaen', 3$,
both of San Francisco. ."
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. ,29.— A mob of
100 armed . men is patroling ¦ the railroad
yards at Casper, waiting for the return q£
Sheriff Tubbs ' and his prisoner, j Charles
Woodward, '. the - murderer"; of "Sheriff
Ricker. who was killed three weeks 'ago. in
the " RattlesoaKe Mountains while .. pur
suing and two' other escaped
prisoners. • ' '¦'-'' ' > l
¦Armed men are guarding the stage sta
tions and 1 others are watching the County
Jail." Every, street leading: to/ the Jail is
watched and it is ; almost . certain • that
•Woodward" ; will be - lynched unless the
State troops interfere. V:", ; .- -¦* .¦• ,.¦'
¦; Acting- Governor Chatterton , - has in
structed, the Casper militia company to be
In" readiness to move, but ¦ they probably
will not be ordered out unless the Sheriff
asks for assistance; 'This,' if is 4 thought;
he will not dare to do, as the peopleseem
determined to take the law, into their own
hands." Casper Is filling up with cowboys"
ranchmen, miners and others.'. ' " ; ¦ : < -
."Servians at Jackson,, Amador County,
also ' Celebrated : the • day. • " Special ¦ serviced
¦were 'held' In St.- Sava's. Church' at "Jack-.
sb'n," which were attended by Bishop Tik
hon" of 'this ; city, and " the Rev. Sebastian
Dabvich/V • -""VU^y^'r.' ' ¦
C
9
This new remedy la not a secret patent medi-
cine; but Is a large, pleasant tasting tablet com*
posed of Eloodroot, Red gum from the Eacalyp.
tua tree, and other valuable and harmless spe-
cifics.' which are taken internally and seem ti
have a remarkably beneficial effect upon ttu
blood and mucous membranes, apparently elimi-
nating the " catarrhal poison from the wholt
system. '
¦These tablets, while being pleasant, conven-
ient ' and i absolutely : safe to use, have mad*
cures ' In Ions standing: cases of catarrh that
are little short of marvelous. They are sold bj
druggists under name of Stuart' a Catarrh Tab*
lets, and any catarrh ' sufferer who ' has triec
inhalers,' lotions, ointments, salves, etc., and
realized : their inconvenience and uselessnesi
will fully appreciate the , difference between *
mere palliative and 'a permanent cure after glv r
ing Stuart's Catarrh Tablets an Impartial trial,
All druggists " sell them at 60 cents for rut;
sized package, and no matter where tho catarrt
la located, in the head, throat, lunsa or stom-
ach. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets will surprise yo«
with the effective result of even a lew dajrs u*<*
There is a new preparation recently offered t«
the public that Is apparently destined to d«
away with every other form c£ catarrh treat-
ment. . .' . "V"
| Everybody 1» no-or well agreed that catarrh 1*
a blood disease and pot a local one, and the at-
tempt to cure by local applications simply give*
temporary relief from the purely local symp-]
toms without the remotest effect in ataylnsr th«
progress ot th» disease.
' The mucous membranes all connect, ona with
another. " Hence It la easy to spread from on«
part to another lined -with this same membrane.
This la why catarrh in the head soon affects the
throat and finally the stomach itself, bringing
on chronic catarrh of the stomach, which is a
most obstinate form of dyspepsia. .'
As . fresh cold ia taken the dlseua spreads.
getting deeper and deeper, creeping: alons the
mucous membranea from nose to throat, from
throat to windpipe, from windpipe to bronchial
tubes and from bronchial tubes to lung cells.
Catarrh usually starts with a, cold to «M
head and If left unchecked la this ' cllnuU
rarely geta well of Itself.
GBAPE-KTTTS.
Grape-Nuts
You can pick
a stead/user of
Well Fed
Well Bred
STARTS
WITH A COLD.
*A Ts v fc- ft-TT^ V- p 1 - N Yft.
: AJl;of.TUs.Weeii
$2.50 shoes; for men and women' for $1.00
at'the .manufacturers'.' "sale ~ of t ' shoes, 717
Market street,! near Third."' ..'.': '•¦¦ ¦ •¦-.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30,^1902.
10
EMPLOYMENT ' WASTED— FE 31 ALE.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman ¦; wants
general ; housework ; ¦ small wash : kind ¦ to
children: ; wages -$20 "Address Housework,;
box 3335. Call office. . .-' - :¦ -¦-¦'¦ + ' '
WiANTED — A position I as chambermaid ; sleep
. home. ¦ MRS. OVERMAN. 153& Third st.
YOUNG German girl wishes position in bakery;
eome experience. Box 8333, Call office.
GIRL wants to do general housework or second
work; wages $20. to 525. Address 344 Grove.
DRESSMAKER wants ' furnished room In ex-
' change for sewing. Address B., Call branch,
: 639 McAllister st. ..'-'¦¦ ' ¦¦ - • -¦
GOOD jdressmaker wishes a few more engase-
.roentfs, $1 25 day. Box 3426, Call office.-'
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
» to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and -subscriptions
received at Call branch of nee. 2200 Flllmora. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1U06
Valencia st. ' ' .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MA_b7~
SCOTCHMAN, up-to-date accountant, .writes
fluently French, German, Portuguese and
Spanish, 6 years In South America, seeks po-
sition, in office. Address P., box 3321. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants to run errands and j
make himself generally useful or any other]
light work; small wages; has good references.
- Box 3460, .Call office. -
WANTED — Position as manager or salesman
/ for company desiring a- representative at
Buffalo or Rochester. N. Y. W. H. HAW-
LEY JR.. Perry Center. N. Y. .
MALE professional nurse; Al references; bt- j
longs to K. y. and Red Men; can take care
of any case./ Address JOHN NEWMAN. 363
Mission str- ¦'.'-- -. j
MIDDLE-AGED man. good mechanic on build-
ings, etc., has tools, single, sober and in-
dustrious, wants M'ork about a . country, !
place at moderate wages. ': Box 3334, Call.
YOUNG man of 22 years, 7 months from
Sweden, with good morals," wants situation:
will gladly accept any kind of work. Please
call at :JuO Fremont st, corner Harrison.
MAN and wife want.work, en ranch or private
place preferred; wages reasonable; experi-
enced. Box 3328. Call office.
" ¦ . \ . _ . .'• ; ; ; '¦
BARBER wants position. 27Vj Fourth -st. .
YOUNG Scotchman wishes situation: anxious
and willing to work. W. BRUCE. 058 Mission.
ADVERTISER, age 27. wants executive or
clerical position; 10 years' business and edi-
torial experience with one house In London
and New York; highest possible references
from New York bankers and prominent busi-
,ness houses; paper trade or publishing pre-
ferred. Box 3^06. Call office. '_____
FRENCHMAN and wife without children, he
having some experience as night watchman,
desire positions in hotel, lodging-house or
¦ any other business; can fead and write Eng-
lish, French and Italian. Box 3422. Call.
WANTED — Employment as gardener by Swede
who has- followed this occupation in Sweden
for 12 ycar3 and 2 year3 in Cleveland, O. ;
with good recommendations./ Address JOHN
HARRISON. 120 Third St. -.•¦¦¦¦.
MIDDLE-AGED man, German, sober and ex-
perienced in any kind of orchard or vine-
yard work, would like to take care of orchard
or vineyard. Address A. F. B.. care John
Brown. 22 Sacramento st.
A YOUNG man desirous of obtaining a position
. as assistant bookkeeper, timekeeper or any
thing in the line of ofice work; best of refer-
ences. Box '3312, Call office. , ¦
COMPETENT middle-aged man wants a situ-
ation as a good plain gardener; is handy with
tools, good on horses and good driver. H.
B., U13 Montgomery st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment where
work is not. heavy; some experience taking
caro of Invalids. Box 3309, Call office.
"S^OUNO man. good penman and - salesman.
wishes employment- at anything. Box 3301,,
Call office.
YOUNG man, German,' wants work; anything;
does not speak much English. Please ad- :
dress box :J417. Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class laundry and ironing,
I wants situation, city or country. Box 3403,
Call office.
BAKER, young German, 2 years' experience,
wants position. Box Call office. \.
SITUATION wanted by a young man 26. G.
_CLARKE, 13SA Fourth st. ;
JAPANESE wants situation as second cook ;
or assistant baker in country. Box ;{476. Call. I
A P.1UXCH ornc*: for Can advertisements and |
itibffrrictlcns Las been established at lUU'J
.Valencia »t. '-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reenlvf-'l nt <"nll br»rr!i nfflc«. „!"<! FillmiT-.
\ F1XAXCML. "
COMPANIES incorporated, ' promoted, guaran-
teed anil, financed; stock taken in payment
for services; BO'xl propositions wanted; eold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES lUNI.VCi
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. S. licensed
. stock brokers, M'Jti Post Ft.
PACIFIC Underwriting: & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bcndE; companies incor- j
, porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main nfflee,/. r >07-S-9 Parrctt blclR.
FISIJERYr '-TCCK. .
THE Inter State Fisheries Company was incor-
porated under the la-ws of the State of Wash- I
inston, with the rtikin office at Seattle, for .
thu purpose of establishing two canneries,
one in Cholmondel«y S.mnd. Southern Alaska,
and cno at Henrys Is'and, Puget Sound.
The capital stock of this company Is $G50.-
CPO. divided into 050. COO shares cf the par
value of $1 each. The stock is non-assessa-
ble. . We are negotiating for' our machinery
and our boats are already -built. "W'e have
placed 300.0CO shares of our stock at Seattle
and Vicinity. We have decided to place a
email quantity of the , stock on the market
here in San Francisco at 15c per share.; It
will be worth $1 as soon as the canneries
, are in operation. Some salmon . canneries
stack sells now for $168 per share. None less
than par in any cannery in actual operation.'
Join', now anil pet ln~.cn the ground Boor.;
Call or address ERWIN & CO., room 3, llOi i
Market st. San Francisco, Cal.
No minins — no oil — a -straight proposition.
-'.YOU- KNOW, there are PLKNTY ojl»6almon In
the Alaskan waters. We know that we will
catch and CAN them by July .1., We know
that we will tns.ke a large profit on our In-
vestment. You can make Borne of it. The In-
ter State Fisheries Company stock, now 15-3
per share, ncn-as-sej?sable,* will be 2oc Febru-
ary 15, 50o March 1 and none for sale April 1.
One hundreil and fifty dollars Invested now
will be worth .flOOO before the season's run
Is over. Fifteen cents per share. till February-
-'15. The Inter State Fisheries Company of
. Seattle. See about it ERWIN & CO.. room
3, 1104 Market st. '. ¦ > . .
On proven ground. Everybody knows
- that the AUckan waters are the natural ele-
ments of the salmcn. Salmon larger than
havejever been seen in the southern waters,-
fner Qian the famous Columbia River Chinook,
is the king salmon of 'Alaska. We will have at
least cne cannery in operation by June 15, 1002.
• ' Jso mining — no oil — but fish, and the KING
of fish, is what the Inter State Salmon Fish-
cries Company proposes to catch and CAN. ¦
Do you want to participate in Its profits?
You can buy a few Bhares now at 15c per
share. You can turn $15 into $100 before the
season's run Is over by investing in the Inter
State Fisheries Company of Seattle. . - .Two
cannery s'tes in Alaska. Call and investi-
gate. ERWIN & CO., room 3, 1104 Market
street. • • ... ,
A safe inveatment if you buy Inter ¦ State
Flsheiies stock at 15c. It will be worth par
by July 1. Call or address branch office,
• ERWIN & CO., Room 3, . 1104 Market st,
' San Francisco, Cal. ' Phone Folsom -442.
PLATS : TO LET. .
A — NEW C and 6 and 8 rooms; low rent. Nos.
.509-525 Frederick Bt,, near Stanyan.^
MCALLISTER, 1009. in rear— Sunny upper flat,
- 3 rooms: rent $9 50. ,' ¦.'¦•¦• .- -. ¦¦¦¦ ¦ '. ' ¦
SHRADER, 720, near .Waller — Elegant ;. upper
' flat, 0. rooms; 4 bay windows; $32 50. ¦
3-ROOM flat and toilet. _ 0S2 Pine st, near
"-- Taylor. ; . - * . '. ..'. '., . ¦, ' •'. A , ¦¦'..
NEW upper, modern, sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath.
'975 Golden GatoJ ave. ; no children. J.- .'¦ ••
SWELL,: brand new, facing park, -6 rooms;'
• porcelain baths. Sixth ave.. near Fulton st.^
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• • Call. .16 pages, sent to any address : In the
trnlted Statpa .or Canada .one ¦ year for SI. '
I.. — .. '
'{.FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
CALIFORNIA,. 1304— Three large sunny rooms,"
complete for •' housekeeplns;; clean and con-
• venlent .. -.,./- ;
GROVE. 721%— Upper flat 5 rooms, nicely fur-
nished,' complete for housekeeping, with piano.
t'V'PDRSITURE FOB SALE. v
$150; CARPETS, curtains.? stove, 1 bedroom
¦: set, .with rent-free to February 21; splendid
' 4- room flat _'. 776 Geary st '-'¦.'¦. ¦-->••,:'¦ -• ¦ ¦
4 ROOMS furnished in, oak.' $48 60. • with ' No.' ' 7
— ranee. ' King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 - Market.'
FOR: Sale— -Good furniture,"; cheap, at '¦¦ 1811^4
/ Powell st ;. no dealers. r. . ». '.< >.-;'*¦:•.'•
„¦;...•• ; . FCRN1TURB 'AK ;^~
A. w6lLP_RT,"?73 i Mission St.* pays ihlghest
price for, ayond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1364.
D.- _ F. BLACK suede glove; beat In the wowd;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant av«V >
SA>' FRANCISCO CALL. 1
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:50 p. m.
MS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet corner Sixteenth: open
ontll 9 p. m. - *¦: .-
W Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
10»6 Valencia street; open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttreete; open until 9 p. m. "
2200 Filimore gtreet: open nntll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. *
THE annual meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A.. _"
BootUsh Rite, will be held In Com- A
mandery Kali. Masonic Temple, J&5L
THURSDAY EVENING, January 30, «»y
1902, at 6 o'clock^ BCRyER> Scer<W ,
EVENING, January 30. at . :oO »J*S
o'clock. Third degree. By order of '^J
the Master. FRANKLIN H. PAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. FVtnd A. ¦
M.— Special meeting THIS CTHLRS-
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third TSX
degree. Master Masons cordially In- '
vlted. By order of the W. M.
F REDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No •""
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS _£%_
.THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 TCJf
- o'clock for Installation of officers. '.^
Marter Masons cordially Invited. By order
of the Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. S27 Market St.. in the city and
countv of San Francisco. State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
lor the ensuing year and for the tiantactlon
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A-. DOUGLASS. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of ths I
Bierra Railway Company of California will I
he held at the offices of the company. No.
!"2» Crocker building, city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1302. at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
• the transaction of euch other business as
may come befor* eald meeting. I
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary. |
Dated January 27. 1902.
THE regular annual meeting of the etockbold- :
*re of the Union Trust Company of San :
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company In the Union Trust Company's
building corner Post Montgomery and Mar-
ket sts.. San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY,
the 3d day of February. 1902, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.^ Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The California.
Eugar Refinery will be held at the office of
the company. S27 Market Et. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the third day. of
February. 1002. - at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
end the transaction of such other business
. as may come before the meeting.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
AGIS>TS WAXTED.
AGENTS .wanted In every town to buy. rent or
operate" slot machines; best inducements.
STAR MACHINE CO.. 2125 Mission st.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ince? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
MEN wanted; experience not necessary. Call
105 Hayes 6t.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymcnd. 227 Taylor et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KIICG, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates. Wills, mart-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections;
v etc. ; legal papere drawn; consultation free;
v no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
. ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :qulck:quiet; "
no charge without success; established lti yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohr,31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market 6t. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce: bankruptcy: collections:
attachments; mortgages ;bllla of sale; partner-
t-hipe; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Ttiurston.S19 Market
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
_. K. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bldg-.. 327 Mar-
ket ft. : consultation free: no fe?s in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
GOOD Etrong practical electric automobile of
local manufacture; must be Eold at once;
¦t a bargain. Appiy to A. E. BHOCKE
RIDLEY, Parrott bldg.
VTTTH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
100 Sansome Et. ¦ •
nOARDI\G OR CHI-DRE X.
LADY with own heme would like children to
board: good care. 3218 Sixteenth ft.
UOOICS NEW AM) OLJU.
BoOKfi of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1916.
It-Sl__ a»M C_ LUCES.
A — $*50; COFFEE saloon and rsstaurant ou
Fourth et; rent $25; daily receipts about
$25; owner to leave fcr Nevada. Call K. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $300; CORXER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms; beet location in the Mission; rare
chance See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1300; BAKERY on leading business street
in Western Addition; established 12 years;
fine living rooms; most store trade; baking
tbout m barrels per day. Call It. O
AVILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— $600; CHOP and oyster house; close to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 fc Kearny.
A — S1OOO; CANDY store on Mission st. ;~rent
fl8; place estabL years and doing a good pay-
Ing bnsiness; value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2tS& Keamy tt. -
A — $750; TURKISH and Russian bath house in
Portland. Or.; rent $25; lease; low expenses
and first-class paying business; knowledge of
business not necessary. Meet owner In office
of R. G. WILKE. 2'Jfc Kearny £t.
A— $1000; HAr^grain. wood and coal yard on
Mission st.; rent $*0; tstab. 20 years; other
business compels owner to sacrifice; a. pood
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop hou3e; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above $150 p»r
month; located in and between large hotels:
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial triven.
OU R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A— CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st
A— *600; COFFEE eaJoon and restaurant: es-
— iblisbed ycens; tlrt--t-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 2C'4 Kearny st-
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE~and saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $15; 3 years'
lease; established years; located on ' Mont-
gomery Et. ; good business. Call R. G
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $350; CANDY stand on Sixth st. close to
Market; rent $50: good business; owner other-
wise engaged. R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
RTAX & FIELD, 033 Market Bt.. room 3 t»-
poslte Mason; phone Folsom 3022
40 saloons $22T» to $5000
W> restaurants and delicacies... J150 to $«OGO
30 cigar etande $150 to $3000
50 candy, notion, delicacy, branch bakery
«»tc.; 5 partnerships from ..$100 to $ 150V
HEALY _ CARR. phone James 2771. "
0 Eddy st. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
•tores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands lease--.
.Money to loan on any of ttoe above. *
$l<»0— GROCERY, and bar in Minion; estab.
20 yrs.; a bargain. MILES. 927 Mkt.. r. 208.
$1SOO — FALOOX and building downtown- busy
part nt city. $23 to $30 daily; rent $40; flx-
tures Al. MILES A CO.. 327 Market, r. 208.
J200— STATIONERY and candy etore. opposite
fthoolhouse; value in stock; established 5
y*ars: rent Jl« to good tenant with refer-
gnegs. KREDO _ CO., 1-t Flood building. -
MOO— A SACRIFICE: restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed over $21; trial given.
DOK ALP INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
$250 — PARTNER in fine saloon: grand loca-
tion; positive eafe. reliable -inx-estment: don't
miss it. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
A— THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 SO' to $6
daily. Aek C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF yon want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 821 Market st.
FOR sale — Butcher *hop; must eell right away
sb cm going East; er.ap for some one. i&ij
Eighth Bt. • . '.'¦;¦' ¦ ¦. .'.:.,
$1200 — FIRST-CLASS delicatessen etcre; . full
Investigation allowed. Box 3322. Call. ',-.
CONFECTIONERY business; must b« sold at
once; reasonable rent 762 Larkln st . ' '
FOR male — Old established grocery and saloon.
V&t Eighth tt., corner Natoxn*.
WANTED—FEMALE. ,
A — 2 , STRICTLY first-class ' waitresses for a
¦ strictly first-class place. -For ' particulars
apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, 8t.
AT C. R.-: HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
,'3 waitresses, . fare said, to .go south, $25; ,
CO " waitresses,' hotels j and i restaurants,' city i
and country, $20; and $30; cleaner, hospital,
$20; I fancy Ironer," .$30 and $1 50 day; cook,
small restaurant, $6 week. - .:
. . : FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
• Housa ¦ girls wanted all over the city for
nice, email families, $15 to $25; cooks, house '
girls, ¦ second girls, nurse girls, city - and
country, best of wages. . ,
VC. R. HANSEN _ CO ...... '.'.104 Geary, et. '
WANTED — Cook for Institution, $40; waitress,
institution, $20; 4 cooks, German style, $30; ¦
cook and second girl, same house, $30, $25;
. German nursery governess, $25; 7 second
• girls, $20. $25; housework, Oakland, 2 fam- -
ily, $30: San Rafael, , $30; dishwasher, $20
and -¦ found: -restaurant - waitresses, . $7. $8
week; head waltress.^cjountry. $25; 2 wait-
resses, country hotel, $20; 50 girls for all !
kinda of housework, city and nearby towns.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sut-
ter.ot. . - -.- ¦ .- -- '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ..Phone Main 1575
. !......:. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
- Working housekeeper, - first-class commercial
hotel, $30; -25 waitresses, south; city and
• commercial hotels, $20; 25 chambermalda,
south, $20, half fare paid
I....,..- FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
8 cooks, $30 and $25; 4 bouseglrls, country, :
$20 and $25; many choice plaoea,, city, best
MRS. M.**E*. "DAY**- c61| '.'. 1.335* Ge'ary* 'at
A— WANTED — Girls and women at S. F. Hair- ;
dressing ' College to learn halrdresslng trade
thoroughly In 2 weeks: course $5, Including
3 manicuring:, massage, scalp treatment bleach-
Ing, dyeing, ventilating, weaving, e witch and
wig making; positions guaranteed each grad- •
uate; no fake promises; our pupils are our liv-
- ing advertisement filling positions In stores all
over city; 6 positions in leading stores open to
those entering immediately; girl not knowing
trade In 2 weeks given money back; day _ eve. ;
classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady ,
' work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts. .
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Overall '
• Factory, 32% Fremont st; no experience nec-
essary; good pay; steady work. Apply to- •
. MR. DAVIS. .1 . I ;
CUSTOM shirt operators; good wages; steady ¦
employment. M. J. KELLER COMPANY,
1028 and 1030 Market st. j
EXPERIENCED operators on silk •> waists;
good pay; steady work. . S. F. Mfg. Co., :
523 Market st. \ j\ '
WANTED — Experienced i camohlet folders. :
BROWN & POWER CO., 508 Clay at. cor-
ner Sansome.
WANTED — German or Scandinavian girl for |
general housework and plain cooking In fam- .
Ily of 2; no wash; good home. 105 Grove st. |
WANTED — Maid for second work and sewing; .
competent seamstress; references. Call be- <
tween 9 and 10 a. m., 1896 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED talloreas on coats; wages $9- .
$12; steady Job. . Call ready for work, 112
. Kearny gt.^ room 7. , , ' ;
WANTED — A girl to assist in light housework;
:i In family; $3 a month. Call Thursday at
1S11 Broderick st ¦ •
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
eelf-assertion ; gcod opDortunity to rizht par- '
ty. F. PERSON, rocm 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Girl with some experience to sew
In tailor shop. 2130 Flllmore Bt. • . !
A TOUNG lady aeent for music: 50c on the
' dollar. 2440 California st.
WANTED — Lady to travel; experience unnec- t
essary; good proposition. Box 3330. Call. j
COMPOSITOR for occasional work: $10. 51B I
Commercial et.
WANTED— Woman to waysh napkins; wages
$20. G17 Montgomery st. • ¦
GIRL, light housework, $10 to $12 a, month, j
1C20 Golden Gate ave. ' -.- I
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 1515 }
Grove St., near Baker. i
GIRL to do general housework. Inquire 1726 x
Sutter st. ¦ . . '
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at C o'clock this evening. •¦ : . j .
APPRENTICE in millinery store, at 692 Mc-
Allister St.; first-class teaching. .-^ ..
WANTED^Glrl to assist in light housework.
2041 Pine st. - - - - - ' .". T.' ' j
GIRL for shooting gallery. Inquire 523 Pacific
street. - - -. ' ¦ S ¦ ¦ , ' ' .. - . i
EXPERIENCED waitresses wanted. 20 Third i
¦ street. .; ¦ ¦ '.
EXPERIENCED finisher; also operator on
coats. 344 Tehama £t. ¦ ¦
TCURSEGIRIy; wages $10. 117A Bartlett st.
EXPERIENCED sill: waist hands; good pay.
- JUDA BROS., 320 Market st. ; .
A GERMAN woman, as governess; state re-
llglon: salary $30. Box 2ti:)4. Call. __¦ \
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office. 2"J0O Filimore. |
A BRANCH otrlee for Call advertisements and j
rubscriptlcns has been established at 100'i ;
Valencia Ft. ' ' '
HELP WAITED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary st. j
New railroad work — Free fare L
.......*.. FOR NEVADA :... .\
50 teamsters ; : $2 a day]
10 stonemasons ..$4 a day i
~ ....... FOR CH ATSWORTH PARK j
BIG TUNNEL
20 header and corner men .. — .'. — $2 50'
20. drillers and muckers...: $2 to $2 25 ' 4
. Ship daily \
Free fare . . ; -Free fare '
Bridge carpenter, country. $3 a day. see
party here; camp blacksmith. $3 a day; 2
milk wagon drivers. $30 and S2O
. /.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ......."..
Head waiter, country hotel,' $S0; hotel butch-
er, good carver, $70; French cook, country
hotel. 5"5 ..' ....'.
C. R., HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
3 SLACK work coopers,'$35 and found:, orchard
pruner, $25 and found; driver for milk wagon,
$:JO and found; cement finisher; Scandinavian
choreman, $15 and found: gardener. $S5 and
found: setter for mill, .$00 to $75; pond man.
$30- farmer and wife. $40 and found; cooks.
" waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
• 638 Sacramento st. . ¦,.•:. -
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay at— A neat
young man living* with his parents for liquor
house;' no Sunday work; $6 a week to com- !
mence; farmer end wife for orchard. $4O and
found; foreman for large sheep' and hay •
ranch; redwood post and tie- makers. .
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st.— Head wait-
er, country. $45: night waiter, oyster house,
$fi0; second cook. $75; coachman, country,
•1 $35, etc.;. v ' ••¦,'¦¦¦¦'¦¦;¦¦¦:¦¦/¦: ' ¦¦
WANTED— Elderly / business man; wages $10
-. per month. Call ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
2 WAITERS, commercial hotel, short distance,
$25 and board. MRS. M. E. DAT _ CO..
335 Gearyjst..- . \ ,-¦¦..' ' : 7 -.- v
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
¦ '2 young bell boys; no experience necessary. '
BIGGEST bonanza on the market : $10 , to $25
per -week easily earned; no experience neces-
sary: $1 SO starts you In business: It willvpay
/ you . to , investigate." New York, Novelty Co.,
V 993 Market st, room 1;. V -
WANTED — vA. temperate young man\ with
$150 ' as partner in old established business
requiring two; , pays about $70 per month.
' 7t>5 ; Market st, room 3.
BARBERS— Furniture of 3-chair shop, com-
plete ;-. revolving chalra, . . double washstand,
long' mirrors; must /be sold at once. 103
¦' Fourth st. . -.-' . "-/•'"-:. . ¦ '
A PHYSICIAN, registered in this State to prac-
tlce to work for moderate salary. Box 3324'
CaH office. ¦ . ' ~C •
SPINNERS wanted;, good pay; steady work
Addrees Oregon City Woolen Mills, i Oregon
City, Or. . -^ '.. / .-¦. ;¦,.; •"-¦ -. - ; ¦¦ * -
AGENT and peddler, to sell fine art statuary
work;- good .profit.''? Statuary - factory C_J
. Powell st. -." >- v .. - - .
CABINETMAKER: a" first-class man THE
| FINK _,SCHINDLERCO., 1309 Market st
BRIGHT, boy. ' age 14, for position in business
-.: office; ans. own handwriting. : Box 3468, Call.
.WANTED — Office boy. about 16 years old. Box
'3323, . Call of flee. :
WANTED— A first-class, brewmaster for th«
¦ country, 'f Box i 3314, Call.: .-,,¦. / ° "
BARBER wants position. - Address R. REESE '
; ' 27V S Fourth st. <:-.;. : .. '
Av BOY< about -15 years or age in whol««ala
; houses must furnish fcfs. Box 3331,- Call.
WANTED-^Good - solicitor on wagon. AdoIv
•W. SKIFF. Clothing. Renovating Co.. 336% Bush.
AGENTS onjialary and commission. -.-. Manhat-'
¦ 5; tan; Stock Food Co.. 1253 Folsom st. *
FEEDER ¦ ¦' for - * Gordon '• * press. • - HANrnrir
-.::¦ BROS.. 73 Third at. ,: aANCOCK:
OLD gentleman for light, ; steady work ; small-
: wages; references. 473 Valencia st; nekr 16th.
.WANTED— Elevator boy for 29 Stockton st. >
COATMAKER- for '. country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.r 24 Sutter at - ¦. iti5i5B
MINES
I HAVE one "
Nevada County and wish to .secure a few
partners or a Partner to build a tea-stamp
mill- have 30.000 tons of $3 ore in sight;
m' free water right.
drill, and have tunnel run ?^ '« e^_^^ -"
feet drift in solid ore: vein '3% to 8 feet,
this will bear the cloeest *nve«Ogatlon. Call
at room 406. annex to Call building, fourth
floor. San Francisco.
PAIR exchange; Honolulu real 1 estate for Mon-.
tezuma or Copper King stock. Box 3338. Call
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, _ EMffllnw Wl-^l
F.; branch office. N"™* Alaska, season 1903.
MISCE__AH_.OUS—FOIt SAiaS.
tiott fti«? ene-inea 2d-hand machinery. Me-
?NTOSH _ WOLPMAN; 195-197 Fremont st
3 H.-P. SCHILLING gasoline engine ••*J°/2
4 h.-p. automobile gasoline engine i-»
6 b,-p. boiler and .engine ™'
5 h.-p. marine stdam outfit ..........••• iXX
8 h.-p. gasoline engine complete *""
SO h.-p. boiler and engine -^Jj
l^^o'nTfanyH.-SywHfT-.-oiyMl^lon.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. xn»
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mlsalon.
A—$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-..
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery wt
A— LEMAIR field glass. 30-mile power. $13.
HARRIS' Loan Office. 105 Stockton »t
ATLAS— New copy Century Atlas for Bale
cheap. F. M. DE WITT. 318 Post at.
Wallpaper 3c_ worth 10c ; paperhanglng. palnt-
lng. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; teL Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. "
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Poat at
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-band.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission at
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
. J. BURIC_» 139 Beale at.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
B1AN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler*
bought sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. & Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Miaslon. nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic- !
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Poat t
MISC—LLAX-Ol'S AVAXTS.
WANTED — Second-hand lathe, in good order,
with chuck, face plate and tools. Address.
stating price. JAMES MoC_ATCHY CO.,
CO.. Sacramento. CaL _*
WANTED— Second-hand piano cheap for cash.
Box 3327. Call office. .
FOR delicacy atore. counter, scales, showcases,
gaa stove, cooking uten., range. Box 8320, CalL
WILL pay cash and good prices for old aeal-
ekina. Address at once, box 1205. Call office
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at ; tel. Jeaala 2851.
_UKN_;i 1U JLUAJt.
$4,600,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgage* ......
- Life interests In estates ....... m
Property being held In trust ........
.... Undivided Interests in real estate . ..«
..Life Insurance policies, estates In probata.*
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
• : If You Need Money <.
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO.' (Inc.).
$300. 000 at 5Va & 6 per cent in sum* to suit:
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securl-
- ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln-»
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN'
- H ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages _,.«
Undivided interest in real estate in probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
....I... 24 Montgomery St.. room 3 ........
ANY proposition, any amount; (5 per cent; first,
. . second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests corporation loans. Room 10.
1st floor. Chronicle big. 'GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on furniture; piano
or household goods, without removal; confi-
dential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery at. op-
posite Lick House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near j
Geary st. , phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
- liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market st: tel; Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1SC3;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia. Loan
Office. 9 Grant av., nr. Mkt ; tel. Black 5471.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, tt on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 027 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; bo broker-
age; reUable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
Money loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos ; no removal : no
commit, confidential. "Whltehead, 1710 Market.
ONE per cent on furniture: |5 a month on eactx
$1000; any security. 303 Montgomery st, r. 1.
CASH loaned. to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bids.
3% ON furniture and pianos:- $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
; $10 UP .on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dts-
counted. TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister at
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposi-
tions. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no lndoraer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldff.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED— $1100 on chattel mortgage; security
ample; Interest ten per cent; will deal only
with principals. Address X. box 3325. Call.*
~~ BttJSICAX. ISSTBTJME5TS.
ALL makes; rent $2 up, credited if purchased-
Installments. $3 up; old pianos bousht and
exchanged ; bargains $23 up In Stelnway.
Heine. Chickerlng, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
make3; we give full cash discount if you can
pay $25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianoa for ?137. HEINE PIANO CO. 217
Geary at _^^ - . ¦
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest weat
ot Chicago and Includes tne most rellabl*.
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
?JVlS 8 .2S r '* 3 ' * 4 and * 5 P* 1 " month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY _ CO.. Stelnway dealers, corne*
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth at, Oakland.
BOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Poat at.
$175. $185 OR $20O will pay for a most excel-
lent piano if you come for it right away. IVo
have others for less or more money, and you
can make payments If you desire. Decker.
Wissner, Steger or Singer pianoa in all
styles. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
7B9 Market st. , —
ATTENTION. BARGAIN- HUNTERS^
Second-hand upright planes from $55 up.
Fecond-hand square pianoa from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from S2.1 up; new upright
pianos from $173 up. BENJ. CURTAZ *
. SON. 1« to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Mason
& Harnlln. Vosr, Sterling pianos.
A FINE large upright. $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
in use only a few months. $275; new pianos
to rent $-1 60: squares. $1 {Mi and $2: Beck-
stein baby grand. almo3t new. BOWERS _
SON. 23 5th st.'. ggta for Ivers & Pond pianos.
ANY piano/ sold by us taken back any tlm»
t within 2 years and full purchase price al- ¦
lowed on a new peerless Knabe; at regular
price; costs you only 2Oc a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHI-ER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
tt; established 1850.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIEP.CE'3 *
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th - Church.
A BEAUTIFUL Stelnway mahogany upright;
must be sold; no reasonable offer refused.
Box 8404. Call. ¦ ",
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos: dirt
cheap. .WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market at.
3150 24TH. near Howard— Wagner •««•*•
• piano for sale; .very reasonable.
BUSINESS CHAJfCES — Co_tlnned._ ;
OUR "Comrounding System" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappere, 118 Stockton st. ,
FOR sale — Machine shop and foundry In min-
ing district; well established; capacity needs
increasing; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress box 3307. Call office. \
WANTED^ — Experienced man with $5000 to taka
half Interest in a creamery and milk dis-
tributing business; established 12 years; prin-
cipals only. Box 2398. Call office.
NEWLY equipped sanitarium; central; bargain
for physician if sold at once. T. J. MAY. S
Flood bldg. ,
TO -lease for a term of years, euitabla location
•for barber shop; heart of business district
Box 3339. Call office. . .
CIGAR stand for sale, only $300; worth $500;
eickness; come investigate; no agents. 1446
Market at. ' '
SMALL transient house; will take part cash.
Box ,3313, CalL - ' ¦'
SALOON for sale; oppoelte the ferry. Apply
111 East st. north of Market I
1600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
le jo. Cal. ; great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce. 220u Kilimore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptione has been established at 1096
Valencia et
LOUGIXG-HOUSES FOK SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 2S1.
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture. . 000
tf rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
.20 rooms, central, good payer 1V50 j
20 rooms, good furniture, money maker. 2203 j
20 rooms, snap, eee it. ... 850 j
38 rooms, central, clears $200..... 3200 •
30 rooms, cheap rent, money maker 160O
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location. 2700 !
14 rooms, cheap rent clears $50 800 j
9 rooms, rent $32, good furniture 450 j
17 rooms, rent $(Ki. good payer 9C0 i
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner 350 j
60 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; caii and ;
B*e it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S5U
Market et.
TO. BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Call on Us
Any hcuse sold on payments
Call and Get Our Large List
We have houses in all parts of city.... I
7 rooms, bargain, easy terms.. f ....*. .. $30U I
68 rooms, corner, clears $400 2500 j
17 rooms, clears $75, only 250 j
19 rooms, rent $40/ clears $60 450
10 rooms, swell, bargain 800
13 rooms, very good, rent $50 750
A. H. RETSLOFF. Phone John 531. '
906 Market st. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my j
office All for sale on easy terms. Please call, j
A 10-ROOM/ house south of Market for sale,
cheap: $l»0 down and $10 per month. j
MARION/GRIFFIN, 719 Mrkt, nr. Call b!dg. j
75 ROOMS; Stockton; clears $1000 mo. — cheap. |
3U rooms: nr. Hyde: cost $3600 $2Sl>0 •
Elegant flat; Jones st. ; 9 rooms 1200:
21 rooms; on Eddy; housekeeping; good. 1400 '
7 rooms; on O'Farrell; trade for lots.. 200 j
1<5 rooms; on California: clears over $50. 1600 I
2 small fiats: cheap rent; close in $14O-$1CO. j
2 lovely 6-room fiats; elegant: cheap. !
These are bargains; we advertise nothing else. '
FISHER. SC5 Market st. tel. Foisom 1592. i
A. CAMERON & Co] j
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton *t j
Rooms 21-1_-2.1; phone Bush 323. I
. If you hav«= hotels, rooming-houses or busl- j
neFs to Fell, list with us. Flats from 4 to 9 !
rooms for 5215 to $1400: lodging-houses from j
5 to 108 for $225 to $12,000: boarding-housts ,
from 8 to SS rooms fcr ?850 to $9000. j
Ms DANIEL. SKIRM _ CO., ~. !
933 Market, room 4 and 4A. '
15 rooms, Eddy st., rent SSO .Price S1150 ¦
2* rooms, Taylor st. rent ?100.... Price $120-)
40 rooms, Powell, trans., bargain. Price $3500
12 rooms, Maxon, money-maker. ..Price $300
24 rooms. Mason st.. rent SSO ".Price $1200
SPECIAL BARGAINS..
17 rooms, cheap rent, must sell $575
30 rooms, rent only $75. near Powell st..l400
53 rooms, corner, modern building, snap. . f W»
30 rooms, rent $S0. reduced to ISOO
WINSTON & WOLF. 1020-^Iarket St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
RYAN & FIELD. !C5 Market, room 3, opposite ;
MaEon. phone Foisom 3022 — Fine places on
Van Ness. Golden Gate, etc.; plenty, cheap. '
south Market: houses all sizes; good list of .
water front houses; 500 houses; big list; j
¦ large places. ; ,
McBRIDE _ CO., 7C5 Market St. — Bargains in i
lodging-houses, for sale from ?SCO to $6000; I
call and sec onr list- before buying and we I
can satisfy you; If you want to sell, list [
with us and we make quick sale. ' j
$3800— 5« ROOMS; corner house: all rented. !
For sale only by BASILE. 3 Eddy st. !
51<i00 — SR ROOMS c-.n one floor: all rented. For I
eele only by BASILE, 3 Eddy gt. . - i
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that I
WILL PAY, or if you want to borrow
MONEY at IVi per cent, call on M. E.
RIVES. UlC Market et.. rm. m: tel. Main 128.
A — BtTYK'HS or sellers, we can suit you. H.
C. DECKER. 1020 Market st; phone Mint
7JM5; over 26 years In this business..
_A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all i
sizes arT;3 prices. In al' parts of th* city; get
our Ilyt first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
FOR sale — t rooms nicelv furnished ; will clear '
$20 per month: price $75. Inquire 131 Third. |
ROOMING-HOUSE for sal*. $225; must be ]
Fold; car.«e. dpath; 17 rooms. gSH Clay ft. ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY will diFcontinue the~s«ances^Sun^ ]
day. Tuesday and Thursday nights on these- :
. count of the Fpeclal readings that he Is giv- i
inc; all who present his ad in clairvoyant
column, thi« paper and date, will receive a ':
private reading at 25c. 1052 Ellis st, bet.
Franklin and Gouch. . ¦•
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ- I
ing medium: spirits ppeak face to face: seance :
Tueg.. Frl.. Sun.. S p. m.; 00c. 1081 Bush St |
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus medium";
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1; '¦
letter. 52. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE. 1C8 Sixth St.: readings dally,
60c and $1: circle every night, 10-. ¦ . ¦ i
MnS.VALEEN.medtum and palmist, will pruid° '
you right; 50c. 15S3 atftrket st. near 12thl
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; IOc; come, skeptics, j
MME. WINZALA (Mrs. Lester): clr. 8 p.m.. I
10c; readings daily. 122 Taylor st. room S. I
EDWARD EARLE. S2S Elli?: readings daily; I
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs. !
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J '
Meyer: fittings daily: tpst *a all to-nghtflOc. !
CLAIRVOYANTS. ¦
A — 25C, 25C, 25C ~~ '
PKOF. BROCXWAY,
1052 Ellis St., bet. Franklin and Gough I
. Offers for a short time only Readings at'tho
. . above fees to all presenting this clipping at
j his office and residence between the hours •
of 10 a. m. and S p. m. daily. Sunday 10 •
a. m. to 3 p. m. 'I
SCIENTIFIC AND EXPERT LIFE i CJ
READER. • |
Readings which, for DETAIL, exactness i
truth, interest manifested in each individual j
case, sound advice and counsel, are not :
. equaled in this city at any figure. PROF
BROCKWAY tells you what you want to •
know, eliminating all uninteresting features !
• and not tiring you with matters entlrelv '
irrelevant to the case in hand, as has b-en !
the case in readings you have had In the I
PROF. BROCKWAY 1 reads your PAST
PRESENT and FUTURE. '
' ¦ 23c, 25c. 25c. • V.-V : >
KXOW TUT FUTURE " ~T~*
And Prospects fcr 1902 by Consulting ?
sir henry prichard. - -
clairvoyant— palmist
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels re-
unites , the separated, tells whom you
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you I
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or influence any one
' you love vr meet; ifc charge unless • you , find
him superior to all others. Houra. 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sunday*. Reception rooms. 13.
14. first floor. 1104— MARKET ST. — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~ '¦ "~
„ , THE FAMOUS ,
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Bt.. next Examiner ¦ bid/.
5» C 5TV? S JO ? r ' lfe correctly, givee an accurate '
description of the past, reveals the present hap- •
penings and portrays events to occur In • th« ; ¦
future. If you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satlsned in life, or have domestic.
low or business troubles, consult this great m£
dium and you will be told how to overcome I
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4509. <
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance 1
medium, Is permanently located, at 120C Mar- I
ket st cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: . ke ». clevat » r - Perf ect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ,
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypty. clairvoyant and
P— mist permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a/ m.'
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. ¦
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader- la-
diet 25c; gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
KNOW your future: card and palm readlnr* la-
dle*. 25c; genta. 60c. 288 Tell. "TT' ,
C_AIRyOYA.yTS--^ontl«ne<I.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born . with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings ;ladlesCOc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 12tf Turk.
¦ .; >'; MME. BISHOP.
Clairvoyant and Trance Medium, ;. ¦
Readings daily, 60c and ud.
807: Van Ness. Phone Larkln 2740.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Elli«; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. MEL VILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader.- 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
50c., $1 — Prof.- Weller, clalr., palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt
MRS. B. Baumann, weli-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. .'B Fourth st *¦
CARPET BEATING _ AK.D CLEANING.'
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-oteaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th at; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyToth
floor. 010 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
"194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market at)
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. mG"GINs792TM^rk^TClsnima
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do tirst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prlr.es for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful tecret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEOROE -W. LEEK. £0 O'Famrll st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
¦up; office hours. U a. m. to !> p. m. ; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
' A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
i warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 fiOifllllngs, 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranteife Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
1 EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDERSON,
D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.
i DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st. ; " expert
I workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
: PARIS Dental Paricrs, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
i Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 50c.
1 SET of teeth -without plate. DR. H. G.
; YOUNG. -1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15*i Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
I less ext.; 50c: platefe $5 up; phon? Polk 1135.
i " '
j DOG SPECIALIST.
D^T1eDWARD~nTX_AVY, canino specialist,
late of New York City, has just located at
I POrt Jones st. where he will administer to the
\ ailment"! of domesticated animals; office
I hours 10 to 3: telephone "Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. <1ok soap' by drugslsts
or at th» Ho«sT'Ual. MO Oolrt'-n Gat« nvp.
DHEJiSMAKKRS AXI> SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School — .
Cla;s rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market Et. . .
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
P1LOER. 121 Post, over O'Connor <fc MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD" S
' SEEKING — Theory, demonstration. co:i»-truc-
j tion, laboratory and shop work;'' thoroughly
I practical; day and night. 24 Tost st. S. F.;
! • catalogue free. ...
; AYRES' Lead ins: Business College. 723 Market
— $S per month: $50 life scholarship guaran- |
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand.
i typing, bookkeeping,-, arithmetic, penmanship,
| spelling,' Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
: new typewriters: positions secured: cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL, OF MINES. 21 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment:
¦ all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and nipiht: catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford profepsor. Phelan building.
A — THF. official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vife their friends to attend the GAT.LAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? T-lfe scholarship $50: -catalogue.
ACTIXG. elocution, specialties; Hallet School, j
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell St.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, collegs
graduate & bookkeepers in aecount'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant.* 220 Parrott bldg.
Merrill-miller college— shorthand, typ-
ing,. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, rnech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1M54. Van
der Nailien School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 3(15 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Kills bookk«»pelnK and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $(!0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 12:J0 Market st.
PIANO and vecal school; thorough and suc-
ce£s>ful instruction; expert teachers. 1017
Sutter St.; C. HOFFMAN, director. '
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.'6th.
SPANISH. French, etc. Prof. De. Filippe's Academy
of Languagc-s,320Post;estab'dl871 ;abl€Stprofa.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
- MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1COS Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Eusiness College, 1435 Market.nr. lClh.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $C mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTJNGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 pine st. . -
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth 6t-
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st,. S. I<\;
founded lSfta; now KO-r>aerp rntaioettp free.
; EMPLOYMENT OFFICES; £ ,
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks &
waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page, cor._yon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY. & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
- Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
; flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish '¦ most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516." .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.Chi-
nege help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -FEMALE;
WANTED* — Position as saleslady '¦¦-. by young
woman who has had experience In all retail
. departments. Call or address MISS SMITH
\ 1433 Mission st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position in reflned
family; capable of taking charge of house-
hold, upstairs work and companion; • first -
class references. 1520 Mission st.
YOUNG schoolgirl wishes a place In a Catholic
•family to do, light housework; all adults.
447 First st. / , [/_-. .
BY RELIABLE' woman, washing ~ or > house-'
• cleaning by the day.,; Address Laundress,
- 1747 Mission . st. - - . . • • r'--'i' r fi.r t -V5S36Ba
TRUSTWORTHY, young ; woman , wishes house-
keeper's position: salary . reasonable; - refer-
ences. Call at 770 Foisom Bt.
CAPABLE woman , wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or -cleaning; references - if
necessary; no postals. ' Call at 176 . Seventh.
RESPECTABLE ' woman, ; good :; cook," will do
eome washing, wants work in American fam-
lly;will go short distance country. 40 Shipley.
YOUNG ' girl wishes to ¦ do t 6econd work or
f housework: no' washing;, Bleep home. .' Call
| 211K Bartlett St. -• , j... .V -¦> r --'
ELDERLY woman ; wants '< housework of any
. kind. 1149 Mlesion 8t -•-.- „
DRESSMAKER and ¦ seamstress; ' good - fitter
and skirt maker; mwi 60c a day. ' M. H./ box
8C36, Call office. -. i
fr "filMI*" f i ilfrr*y~ JT^TiriMi_i___Bn____r____B______l__rl__l___B________[
' ' : HELP WAj<[TED~-MALE----Con«
ACTIVE. reUable man to represent large man-
. ufacturlng company locally: absolutely no
canvasstag; advancement to right Party; sal-
ary $18 weekly. Addres3 W. J. UHU '&*
. Chestnut st. Philadelphia. Pa.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 413, Parrott building. - - - .¦
WANTED— At 630 Market st. State and U. 8.
volunteer soldiers; bring discharges: HOWE.
BOY wanted to learn photographic printing,
737 Sutter st )
FIRST-CLASS 4-chalr barber shop on Ellis st
for sale. DECKELMAK BHOS., 106 Ellis at.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less tban 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellli st. San Francisco. '
WANTED— A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
. ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office. 1
WANTED— Soldiers who enlisted in XJ. S. Vols.
to apply for two months' extra pay, due un-
der a decision of the U. S. Court of Claims.
CHAS. and WM. B. KING.
344 Phelan building.
WANTED — An electrician who haa worked
around an ice machine; must be willing to
fire boiler and do porter work. Address box
3408, Call office.
WANTED — Men to' learn barber trade: eight
• waeks; tools -donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month,
Gordon's Batber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers- and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin.. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand: only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED'— Two messenger boys; apply In own
handwriting, state age and give references.
P. O. box 2043. __^
WANTED — Errand boy, about 14 years of age.
by large hardware house; no cigarette smok-
ers need apply. Box 3407. Call office.
WANTED — By a produce commission house, a
boy stenographer, 16 to 20 years of age; sal-
' ary $25 to start. Box 3429; Call office.
FOR sale — 3-chair barber shop and baths. Box
8411. Call office. • '
BARBER shop for sale, cheap. Box 2396, Call
office. Oakland.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
MCDONALD _ PERRY have 500 second-hand
shfies for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st ¦:-•¦-•
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E.' A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan
¦big. Past Com. Geo.-H. Thomas Pbst, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sta.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reqeived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦¦ .- . .
HORSES AXD WA-OXS.
j FOR SALE — On account of departure cf own-
j er. a fine saddle horse of good stock; very
j gentle: splendid for cross-country riding;
j good jumper; also well broken to the har-
j ness; $200; principals only. Box 3305. Call.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hors*
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons.
j harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE; Auctioneer.
ATTCTION >ale. Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
t heavy wagon and livery horses at 11 :30
j a. m. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 and 723'
| Howard Ft
I - - ¦ ¦
I FOR Sale — 2 saddle horses; just from the coun-
try: well broke; gentle; good single-footers.
Address 977 Seventh ave., East Oakland. ¦
SANTA ROSA sale and stock yard; horses.
'. harness and buggies bought and sold. 1490
Market st'. cor.- Eleventh. Phone. South 834.
j" FOR pale— rAt- Eclipse Stable/ 1375 Eddy st. : 6
I cheap work horses. 4 sound horses, weight
I . 12C0; fine surrey horses. '
/ BUGGY, used 3 months, cheap. 321 Phelan
J building. -
GRAY horse. ?50: horse. $20: coal wagon, $40;
harness, 56; cart, $7 50. 70 City Hall ave.'
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for tale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome at.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, businen
and - road horses, j DALZIEL. 605 G. G. avs.
AN A No. 1 express wrgon. slnele: also light
! HOUSES TO LET.
I A^P^U?T^D^UsTlTO^T7one7r^«id^OT*Clr^
I rular. G. H. UMVtSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
! SUNNY house, 6 rooms and. bath; modern im-
i. provements. 122S Green st. ; rent $25.
BROADWAY. 19/?9. near Laguna — Eight rooms,
j bath: fine marine view: rent $42 5(\
| HOCSES . TO LET FUHXISHED.
j SACRAMENTO. 3712— Nicely furnished sunny
! house of S rooms; bath. Call 10 to 12 a. m.
I __— — — ___________ ______¦___¦!
J HOUSES FOR SALE. i
: KEW modern house. 7 rooms: sun all day;
« large basement, yard. Portola, off Waller.
j het. Pierce and ffpinor. Inon'ro «3 Po'to'n.
I _"Wff~^*ttf~T~— ~?y~^~~^~^~^^~fr^~^~_l
HYGIEXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
-by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room SO. 139 Post St.. Liebes building.
• LOST AND i FOirSTD.
LOST— Saturday. January 11. 1902. certificate
No. 11 of the Gray Wing Mining Co.; trans-
fer of the same has been stopped. Return to
'.Call office. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST — At Oakland Mole Jan. 25, set of lower
•j - teeth. Finder will receive reward for return
.of same to Call Business Office.
LOST — Imitation gold purse near Waller 'and
I Shrader. Sunday;, valued as a keepsake . only.
. Liberal reward on return to 722 G. G. ave.
'LOST— From Van Nesa and California, fox
terrier dog; left side of face and ear black.
E. W. JOY." 433 Kearny st? reward.
ON Grant ave. — Ladies' silver watch; R. F.
on back. .Box 3424. Call.
IT will pay to "Remember"' -that the Calilor*
.: nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter ¦t; needs old
•gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
• ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES *ASD P1UOWS. -
TO order, also cleaned < and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 41S Powell
st.: tel. Bush 421. ¦ .-_• .-;- ,.-. . :
MEDICAL.
LADIES— All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
.relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medicej treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
. complaints treated; iolief t 0 the longest cases-
all private diseases in both sex" treated; blood
' diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G W
O'DONN-LL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist-
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; homo before and during conflnement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Taylor '
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 6'Farreli at '
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, haa
returned from the East and resumed business*
home in confinement. 112 Mason st formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.'
LADIES." consult the original MRS ¦ DAVIE3
at | the old office. 1228 Market st. ; GO years'
experience in obstetric and other cases. .
MRS. D. GOODWIN; ladles' physician- 25
« years' .< successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 90C Market at. . opp. . Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and ; MRS. DAVIES' original
-method of treatment; maternity home- home
In confinement. 1120 Market st , S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
: . specialist ; I a private home before and during
' :¦ confinement; beat medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.' opposite
Unjon square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINING AND ASSAYING^ "
. FOR sale— Property of: the Live Oak Consoli-
• dated Gold Mining Company, situated In Ne-
vada County,: 18 mllea , north of Auburn- 2
patented 1 claims, 8-stamp quarts mill, ditch
1 \;and hoisting works; reasons for. selling, non-
' ¦ .' experience of mining * by , owners ; - mine open
1 MEyST_R l °s a a^ram rther PartICUlar " :frOm ~*The suit ; brought byj Philip ; L., Weaver
to • be", restored i to!the i superintendency .'of
the Almshouse k .was \ decided adversely * to
the "petitioner, by.: the I Supreme Court i yes
terday.", It ,was held • Jhat ' as -."Weaver'B : re
moval ! had occurred previous to the adop
tion' of : the new charter, and : so | before the
appointment' of ¦ the -• municipal - Health
Board action q aimed at ; a; : board not ? In
power could : avail ; nothing. " ¦ - " - :
Supreme Court Decides Old Suit.'
" An entertalnnient ;w6s, given .'last night
in Odd ' Fellows'/- Hair under '- the auspices
of the' Grand 1 Lodge' of ; the Ancient Order
of ! United ' "Workmen, v! There was ; a" large
attendance and the programme -was suc
cessfully., carried' out rj The entertainment
consisted of coon shouting by Elton Lam
bert; > vocal t solo.l Miss - Laretta .Morgan;
vocalselections by the Columbia Quartet;
"Wild Instruments,'.',. by Musical Fletcher;
buck v andrwlng. dancing, by^ Higgins "and
Fletcher, ¦ and v a burlesque, entitled - '.'Quo
,Vadis -Upside i Down.',' \ Dancing followed
till midnight, y. v ¦„ - . .
"Workmen Entertain .Their. Friends.
NEW, YORK,- Jan.'. 29.— The.' following
Calif orniahs are lANew. York:- From, San
FranclscoT-R. , r Garvey,-, at the" Holland; ' J.
B.- ; Christy .vat ;the" Aatorj-"A. R. . Patrick,
at the ; Herald » Square; " w/ Rlngrose. at
the : Manhattan; ; C. J: Stovel, at • the Im
perial; R. Taylor and wife, at the Grand.
-- From Los Angeles— F. A. Pollock, at the
Broadway Central.' .
Calif ornians in. New York.
NEW .WESTERN HOTEL.
B Hegener & fam, N Y
E Willstrom, St Paul
F Hartting, Mlnnpolis
J M Blarney,' Boston
F Walker, Lathrop : '
J Sutton, Chicago
Li Raymond, Chicago
S Castello. Chicago '
W. Jackson. Vallejo
A Alexander. Detroit*
C Froast, ¦ Detroit ¦
Dr Ball. Los Ang • J
8 Martin. N Y
J Gallway, Arizona
J Whalen. San Diego
D Arnold, S L Oblspo -
W. Treadwell, S Barb
W Griffin, Merced
J Thompson, . Fresno
W Ruble, New Orleans
XV Clark. Castrovllle
Pat McCann. Butte
L Lewis, Phoenix
J B Fcrd, Jamestown '
A McXaughton, Denver
Capt Peterson. Reno
L Johnson. Reno
M Ward.* Reno
J Carlson. Ner»\- <?£i*;
H NutUng ¦ Truckee
W. Splro, Chicago
L Oeggus, Phila
I - Stanton, I Buffalo
J Snee, London
T Relley. London .
G Murdock. - London
T Platt. Phlla
J Campbell, ' Conn -
O Leverison, Harford
HOTEL ABBIVAXS.
It is stated that the main supply of the
city, will come from Pleasanton Valley by
way of a -pipe, line under, the bay.- The
supply will be, used as a reserve tempor
arily while the water in the adjacent res
ervoirs of the company . is being dimin
ished by successive dry seasons.
Public Works Mendell and Manson. 1 made
a visit of . inspection yesterday to the
water sheds of the. Spring Valley Water
Works in Pleasanton Valley. The visit
was 'made on the Invitation of Chief En
gineer" Schussler, who desired to show the"
city officials what has been done in the
way of providing for the future wants of
consumers. -; . ¦
Mayor Schmltz - and - Commissioners of
and Manson on Inspection of
Pleasanton Valley Supply.
Accompanies Commissioners Hendell
Ar Frank; general manager of the Har
vey dining car service, with headquarters
in Chicago, is registered at the ¦ Palace.
He is slowly recovering • from ! a /severe
illness an d is r touring the ¦- coast for his
health. ' : " • - ><^WT#3ErTOHlillfarin
Thomas' P. Hawley,- United States Dis
trict Judge : of, Nevada, is in this city to
attend . the session- of the United States
Circuit" Court of .Appeals, which .opens
next Monday.." , ; .,, -
'¦' Albert Bettens, the popular manager of
Byron. Springs for: the: last seven years,
has - resigned . his position to assume the
management ' of ¦- the St. James Hotel rat
San ;' Jose, v- -.'-.^l :.'¦-'¦ r >¦-,--
' L? A: Rose, owner of many fast horses
and who owns a large ranch near Oxnard,
is among the : arrivals at th» , Palace.
Frank Golden, a- jeweler of Carson City,
who has been very successful in mining
at Tonopah, Is a guest at .the Lick.
• C. -A; Canfleld. "one of the most exten
sive 1 oil - men • of the ' State, • Is i here from
Los Angeles and. is at the Palace.- . - ..
Arthur ,W. Spear has returned . with his
bride f rom . his honeymoon and they are
registered ' at the Palace.
-• John E. Budd, . brother of ex-Governor
Budd, is; down from Stockton and Is a
guest at 'the Lick. ,. ' .
: L. A. Grant/ a prominent railroad, con
tractor of Los Angeles, is. at the Palace.
Ex^Congressman J." A. Louttit, an at
torney of Stockton,', is a guest at the-
Lick. . : ':¦ y ' ¦ :¦ -' : • ' ,". - " . ; ¦ .
: L. " T. Moot e, the well known capitalist
of Pasadena, is, spending a few days af
the Palace. ' ' ~
MAYOR VISITS SPBHTO
.'., ;/VAIXEY'S .WATEB SHEDS
PERSONAL MENTION.
To this Marconi responded with • his
thanks and added a, request to send some
American ' news. ' A. series of news items
of interest" to Richard Croker. and the
other . passengers on board the Philadel
phia was then sent, and . \ subsequently
the Daily Express held the ; first wireless
telegraph interview^wlth the Inventor.. ¦
- The latter said ' he intended : to establish
wireless telegraphy stations in. England
and /elsewhere for trans-Atlantic com
munication... . ; .
Marconi began his - wireless communi
cation with the Lizard when the steamer
Philadelphia was -120 miles distant, and
continued his messages for several hours.
The first message to be transmitted ?, to
him .was <a welcoming and congratulatory
communication from the Daily Express of
London. r . - -
FALMOUTH,' England,' Jan. '2&—SIgnor
Marconi; on board the American line
steamer Philadelphia, from •; New . York.
January 22, for, Southampton, .communi
cated with the^ Lizard . by means of the
wireless telegraph'; at \ 1:15 ' a: m.': to-day
from - a' point 120 miles '¦ to , the westward.
He said he hoped . to '• reach • Southampton
at 1 o'clock on the morning of January
SO. -;,; . - :'¦ -. ¦ =*r •
Inventor Marconi Sur
prises, Tammany's
r^ ; Famous Chiefs *
B. C. Lusk of Chico, Cal., addressed the
House Committee on Public Lands to-day
in favor of a bill providing for the leasing
of stock ranges to stockgrowers. TMs
measure has also. been Introduced In vhe
Senate and the enactment Is urged by the
American Cattle Growers' Association and
Pacific Stockmen's Association.
Army orders announce: that First Lieu-'
tenant : Henry S. Kiersted, assistant sur
geon, now at San Francisco, is assigned
to. duty on the expiration of his leave of
absence at -the general hospital. Presidio
of San Francisco. —
These pensions were ' granted: Califor
nia—Original—Hiram J. Danford, San
Diego, $8; Charles E. Fisher, Anderson, 16.
Increase— Cornelius ' Doherty, Vallejo. SS;
Newton A. Clark, Nellie, 18.
Oregon — Increase — Marion .Tount. Ash
land, $8; John M. Haynes, Union, - ?10.
WIdows-rAnna E. Nash, Oregon City, $8.
WashlngtorH-Increase— John .' D. Pitts,
New Whatcom, 112; Howard W. Kann,
Spokane, $25; Jeremiah Fountain, Spring
dale. $8; Charles S. Lavanway, Soldiers'
Home, Ortiner, $12. •...--.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. Jan. -29.— The
Postoffice Department . tb-clay ' announced
the following: Postmaster commissioned:
California— Mortimer Fleishacker, Floris
ton." Appointed: Washington— J. W.
Craig, Exa. Clallam County, vice Max
Heller, resigned. •
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
0E: INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WIRELESS NEWS
PLEASES CROKER
On- this point the petition says that. the
Secretary of the Navy was in error in
stating that the court excluded testimony
to show that, as Dewey said, Schley was
the . senior officer • in the battle of San
tiago—was In absolute command and en
titled, to: the credit due for the glorious
Victory which resulted in the total de
struction of the Spanish ships.
Luncheon at "the Pendennis Club fol
lowed, and to-night the admiral, was the
guest of honor at the annual dinner of
the: Board of .Trade at the Gait House.
He responded with a bow to the cheers
that greeted - his : entry to the 'banquet
room. •;- The room was flower-laden, i Ad
mirar Schley, Governor Beckham, Gen
eral Catchings and others spoke. . - ¦
" "WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— The Navy De
partment has made public Admiral
Schley's' appeal,- delivered to the Presi
dent about a week ago. The department's
"comment" • will be published in a day or
.two. Admiral Schley appeals to the Pres
ident as the chief executive and com
mander in chief of the ; army and navy,
"vested with power to regulate and direct
the acts of the several executive officers
thereof,", and he asks that the President
review the findings of the court." He asks
this on three grounds, in each case basing
his appeal on . the ¦ findings of Admiral
Dewey as opposed to the majority report.
These • three grounds are set out com
pendiously in the "petition," which flll3
about eight printed pages of a pamphlet
and is signed • by Admiral Schley and by
Raynor, Parker and Teague of his coun
sel. Attached , to the' petition are three
exhibits, each made up of copious extracts
from the testimony taken by the court of
inquiry and intended to confirm the state
ments of fact made In the petition itself.
In this latter document the first ground
of appeal Is the holding of Secretary Long
In his indorsement on the court's findings
that "the conduct of the court In making
no finding and rendering no opinion on
those questions (that of command and of
credit for. the victory) is approved— Indeed,
it- could with propriety take no', other
course, evidence on these questions during
the inquiry having been excluded by the
court." . .
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 29.— Admiral
Schley ¦ In following the programme \ pre
pared In his honor by- the Louisville Board
of ~ Trade ¦; moved through ' ; ; the . heaviest
snowstorm T that Louisville . has . expe-'
rienced in many; years. spite of. the
bad weather '. more than 2000 persons vis
ited the Board of Trade this morning and
shook the admiral's hand. A" great-crowd
had gathered in and about Exchange Hall,
where - the admiral received the people.
Marion E. ! Taylor, president of the board,
made the introductions,, and as the crowd
filed ' before ' him ¦ the admiral had a cour
teous word of greeting for each. :
. Governor Beckham was in the line, but
was .rescued early and stood through
out: the remainder o£ the reception at the
side ¦ of i Taylor. • Among those In the line
were nine members of the National Asso
ciation of Naval ". Veterans. « To - each of
them the admiral devoted special atten
tion. . " :¦- V : ¦ ••>•-,
Navy Department Is About
.: Ready 'to Comment on
the Appeal.
Admiral the Recipient of
a Hearty Welcome
in Louisville.
KENTUCKIANS
GREET SCHLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1902^
11
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CC.-eCT Market, opp. Kearny,
Real ; Estate Agents and , Rent Collectors. ¦
$125.000 r -Cornc-r; lot 70x130 ft; rent $900; 1
- tenant -- ¦ *".« •¦'¦".
570,000 — Reduced from ?SO,000; corner, ; 75x75
ft. ; within one-third of - block from
Market st. and close to Hibernla
Bank; stores Rnd lodging-house; best
~ investment off Market st; must be
sold.
$02,000 — Large corner, within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st and. Zinkand's; a rare buy; 82
feet frontage. .-•:-. ;.-..;
$CO.OCO— Corner; 48x82:0 ft: first corner fac-
Jng Market sf north: sold for $12,500
20 vears ago; want offer.
$55,000 — Half block from' Orpheum; .1 block
from proposed Crocker hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodglng-
- ¦ house. -
f*0,000— Geary-st corner; lot 87:0x137:6; very
substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net \- - ¦¦ ¦ I*
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores andiC
flats; building cost $35,000; lot 68 :9x
71; rents $2450 per year. .
$35,000 — McAllister-st corner; 85x08; good
improvements: rents $220. ¦ -
$15,500 — Three new Ellis-st flats:- 27:6 feet
frontage: yearly rents $1560. •¦
$14 000 — Octavia-st residence; in perfect con-
' dltion; 12 rooms; lot 40x137:6 feet *
$12,500 Sutter st, near Jones;. a choice buy.
$11,500 — Ellis-8t corner: stores and fiats; S
frontages: lot 37:6x87:6; rents $95.
511.000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter;
rents $90.
$9,500 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown In-
vestment.
$9,000 — EJegant residence. 8 rooms; best
modern appointments.
$5,600— Flats; rents $56; lot 42:6 feet front-
Aflid:'. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st ¦
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We offer choicest . lots at lowest prices. .-¦.'.
Our many sales prove lt ¦ . .
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-egg for Investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them all; streets graded; $10 monthly. -.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., nr. H st.
$400 to $S00 — Superb Richmond lots; $10
monthly. ¦"¦'.;- ;y*i'.- • • ¦.
$100 to $250 — Level building lots, near Mis-
eion-st cars; 50 per cent less than actual
value ; $5 monthly. * .
$1000. $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages;
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
'SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery st", room 11..
Rents collected; full charge taken of "property .'
$2,500— Very cheap property; lot 30x100; near
Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$2,275— Great bargain; north side Clay, near
Lyon: suitable for flats; 25x100.
$18,500 — Three very stylish, new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$40,000 — Franklln-st. corner; very roomy house;
car lines very accessible.
$8,900— Fine view; NE. . cor.. Twentieth, and
Colllngwood; 50x100; flats or residence.
512.600 — Three stylish new 7-room flats; Page
st, near Baker; rents $120. ¦
$6,850 — Choice Pacific . Heights lot on Jack-
son st, near Octavia: 40:6x127:8.
HOUBES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. I
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park muslo stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery/room
11; Branch Of floe. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
$15,000— DOWNTOWN investment: pays $127
per month. THB MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket st . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXAMEDA REAL ESTATE. *
ONLY $1600. terms to suit a -flne cottage. -7
rooms and bath; lot 48 feet front. H. G.
MEHBTENS, 1620 Webster St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKKLEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY (2000— Fine, well built house ot 6 rooms
(cannot be rebuilt for $2500) ; 'good-sized lot
¦ on the sunny side of street: street work all
-done; a positive bargain. " JOSEPH J. MA-
BON, real estate, Berkeley station.; .,--¦?/,'¦?(
$2000— HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern;
one block from station; lot 50x110; terms to
suit; Interest on unpaid balance 8 per cent
per annum. A. J. SNTDEB.. 467 Ninth st._
or branch office; Adeline station, Berkeley. .
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN onp&rellelea opportunity ; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins at; 2 blocks from
3 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms: stable, chicken-house, pig'
eon cote, etc.: ornamental u rounds: fruit
orchard: 20 minutes from Oakland or on*
hour from S. F.; rent $35 a month; pries
#4000. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAJfD REAL ESTATE.
$5 CASH, $2 50 monthlyT 2 lotsr 25x256; price
$39 each.
$20 cash. 5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
In all. .
$50 cash. $5 monthly; 4 lots. 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price $300.
|75 cash, $7 50 monthly;. 8 lots, 100x200;
flne oaks and lattrel trees; price $575.
$65 cash, $10 monthly: 200x200; price $0S5
in all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate;
near electric car line, flne school; building up
rapidly -with a. good class of people; no fog-s
nor raw -winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st, oppo-
site Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. 2. JONES, owner. .
7 NEW homes; 8 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrlmao or Twenty-eighth St.. between Tel-
egraph ave. and Grove st; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st
OAKLAND FUR.MTURE FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
APARTMENTS for. housekpg; handsome sunny
suites; all modern Improvements; gas, bath,
reception rm.: nr. park and school; rent rea-
sonable. St. James, McAllister and Laguna.
BELL, The, 1773 Market — Sunny bay window
room, with kitchen, gas range, $15; phone.
CLARA, 152 — 5 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeplng; rent cheap. . -- - '
ELIZABETH, 2. Off San Jose ave. — 2 sunny un-
furnished front rooms for light housekeeping.
"FIFTH. 853— Kurnlshed housekeeping; 2 par-
lors. kitchen, bath, $20; also single, $4 up.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—2 large rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; upstairs.
LAHKIN. 716 — 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $12. . ' . . v ¦ •» .
MISSION. 1729%, 'near 13th— 2 sunny fur-
nlshed hougek'plng rooms; bath; laundry; $8.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rooms, sink, bath, range,
$12; 2 basement rooms, sink, eas, yard, $9;
all furnished for housekeeping. - -
RAUSCH, £5, near Eighth, between Folsom and
Howard— Housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH. 242— Nice sunny rooms, flrst'floor.' for
housekeeping; other small rooms. • - .-•
TEHAMA. 22—2 furnished rooms; respectable
family; sunny; good yard. . '
VALENCIA, 128— Alcove sunny - rooms with
kitchen; adults; references; near 6 car lines.
VALENCIA. 1232 — Sunny alcove room: fur-
nished housekeeping; warm belt;, gas; bath.
Vlrglnia.1005 Powell-2sunny front housekeeping
rooms; newly furnished; gas range, baths ;$ 20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FCbscrlptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st - \ t .: -
HOOJIS TO LET— Fnrn. aad Catiri.
AROYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant
runny; grill attached; 75c day upward } rates
py week or month; McAllister cars to door. ..
*A— BRUNSWICK House, . 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night ; .
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
, nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
! "EDINBURGH," 239 Powell sf, cor. Geary-
Location most central: large, well-furnished
suites and single; front rooms r as of flees ;
modern improvements, electric lights, .etc ¦
EkLIS 321 (Mozart>— Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. $1 SO night; $1 SO. $6 wk.; open all night
ELLIS, 324— Newly .- furnished sunny > front
suite; also single; with or without board. .'
i>hanaHan FloristCo.
*^ "ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. r
107 POWELL ST.nmrELLIS 'SSff. 5056
EAUWAY TBAVEL.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher! ~
*fe->»DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.^-iiife
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln 8chooL '
. Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALL AGH ER CO.
J.; HENDERSON. Manager.
Mt. Olivet; Cemetery,
8AN BRUNO HILLS. ' r '
OFFICE ei6 MARKET STR BET. : V %
Samuel McFadden, 18 y«ars manager for
the United; Undertakers'- Association; M. J.
McBrearty. -i with the = same company for 18
years : ; P." F.*- Green, \ Jate with J. C. O* Con-
nor & Co., ; have opened new , Funeral Par-
lors at 1171- Mission i treet, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ;y ~
1NE W FIRM OP^ UNDERTAKERS
-, ; McGlNNfBROS« V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS • - and \: EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 . and . 226 ¦ McAllister st. ' (For-
merly of 81 - Eddy - if* Tel; South 252 ) ¦' ¦'¦
REMOVED!
UO031S TO LET— Fnrn.fand Untnrn.:
ELLIS. 418 (The Pierpont)— Beautifully • fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; elevator ser-
.". vice; hot water; private baths. •",- vv :v ;
FRANCISCO ' Hotel — Elegant ". nultes; single;
> transient ; baths. Mrs. King.- Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED . front and back - parlor f or ; gen-,
; tleman; neighborhood of Pine and Leaven-
worth sts. ; private family. Box 3467.1 Call.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
.' ed suites and single; travelers accommodated. .,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 751>— Finely furnished
' suite.- run, water, grate, gas, "bath, all, con.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
. -Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
• . home at moderate charges; suit,single;elevat.
GRANT AVE., 17— Pleasant sunny , rooms ; »t
. reasonable rates. ' . ,.. ; .-. , ¦" . : .,
JONES. 006, ; in lower flat — One ; large room,
' double bed; hot and cold water; privilege of
hath ; breakfast served if - desired. ' '. T
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office, or sunny
..-,. furnlghed rooms, en suite or single.-. .. .. .
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
. private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
-MINNA. «67, corner Eighth— Newly ' furnished
bay-window. room ; f 1 per week; transient,
NEW ARLINGTON,; 1015 Market— Nicely • f ur-
• nlshed rooms; -$2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MINNA, 541— Room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath;
' g aa - Call morning or evening. - -- '
NEWLY furnished office, also sunny rooms, at
r'lSlA Third St. ¦: . : • v
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
I offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week,', mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room ladles' par-
lor; rooms,. per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
. to (8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POLK. " 003— Two parlors, single or en ¦ suite ;
running .water; 'reasonable.
POLK, 1002 — Furnished flats, suites and Single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. ;¦
SHERMAN Apartment " House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished or,unfurnished. ?j , •
SIXTH, 108— Furnished rooms to let, $1 25 per
week and up. . ' . . ' ' : v
SIXTH, 240%— Large front suite, light house-
- keeping-; nice single rooms; running water. .
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON. 832 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone. -' •: ; ¦. . r,
TTJRK, 643 — Large front room;. open or folding
bed; grate, gas and bath; -reasonable. • ¦. . >
WILLOW ave., 14, near Eddy — Large sunny
furnished front room; 2 men or man & wife.
YERB A BUENA, . 25, near Taylor . and Sacra-
mento — Nice large furnished room; nice loca-
tion ; rent moderate. . . - s . ¦'¦--¦:¦'¦¦. .-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS -AND BOARD.
.MEREDITH .218 Turk; sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829,
HOTEL Buena Vista— Newly furnished; good
table;. warm belt of Mission.. .1070 Valencia
Bt. ; conservatories. • . ¦ - ¦•• •¦ .
NIARA, 615 Taylor— Sunny front • and back
suites ; excellent board ; terms ; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; good location; reasonable.
Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy — Double & single rooms,
suitable for students; good table; low rates.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to S gents; best table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY wants room and board in a refined fam-
ily in Western Addition where there are no
other boarders ; references exchanged ; French
family preferred. Address, ' stating price, box
3337, Call office. ' ¦ - ¦¦ ¦ *¦
A STUDENT wishes room and board; private
family: state terms. Box 3326. Call office.'
"~ ROOMS WASTED. ~
WANTED — Furnished room with east window
and open prospect, in private family, within
six blocks of Jones and Sacramento sts. Box
3329. Call office. ' ¦ . - ¦ - '.. -
TWO ladieiL employed, desire two nicely t ur-
nished housekeeping rooms: $12 or $15; per-
¦ manent. Box 3316, Call office.
RUPTURE SAfriTARITJM. -J ¦ ¦ ;
- RUPTURE CURE—TREATMENT FREE. !
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st., rooms 6 and 6; new system.
SPECIAL KOTICES. .
AMERICAN CRUDE OIL BURNER CO. — Dis-
places other burners and Installs in San Fran-
cisco free the American Burner, guaranteeing
7% per cent saving in oil. Send for cata-
logue and Treatise on Oil Burning. Address
works. 226 Fremont st -'*..- ¦
BAD tenants ejected for. $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
, SEWING MACHINES AND . SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought sold,' rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
of Bee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. fcEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
. . Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main. 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . ' ¦
Edward P. Turner, - 43, Crockett, and Mar-
guerite Casey, 29, city.
James E. Stack, . 28, 1043 Silver avenue, and
Lena L. Bauer, 21, 28 Bowdoln street -
Walter S. Perry, 30, 828 Howard street, and
Annie - Yaejrer, 21, 856 Howard street. . *
George C. Place,, 27, - 573 Ellis , street and
Jessie A. H. Smith, 26, 1032 Pierce street.
. Harry A. Brown. 26. 544 Gough street, and
Lucile D. Drunagle, 24, 826 Turk- street.
David B. Park, 21, Oakland, and Laura L
Robertson, 21, 145 Grove street.
L. B. F. Holdridge, 29, Fenton, Mich., and
Emilie A. Grafe. 28,. 509 Turk street. ., ,¦ ¦
Hugo A. Buttgenbach, 22, 314-Stelner street
and Bertha Bredlow. 22, 133 Ripley street.
John F. Devine, 25, 725 Eighteenth street,
and Catharine M. McGrath,'23, 1900% Green-
wich, street. . • .
Carl Czerny, 54, city,' and Anna M. Klein,
37. city. ,
Nlcanor T. Greevsky. 20, 1715 Powell street,
and Paraskeva E. Sandelln, 22, Mill Valley.
Daniel T. McGoldrick, 36,6J1% Howard
Street and -Maggie T. Campbell, 34, 611%
Howard street- - . ."
BIRTHS-MARBIA&ES-DEATO;
Birth, marrjage and death notices sent by
mail will not be. Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and* be
indorsed with the name and residence of > per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ¦
: Boiisv
GEANDROT— In this city, January 28. 1902.
to the wife of F. A. Geandrot a son.
ETEMPLE — In Colfax, January 9. 1902, ' to the
- : wife, of Henry S temple, a daughter. .
I VANZINI — In Nana, January 17, 1002, to the
| wife of F. F. Vanzinl of Jobnsvllle, Plumas
I County, a daughter. ¦ r
TvrATVRTrjD.' ~^
KLING — SCHWERDT— In this- city,' January
26. 1902, by the Rev. Paul Branke. '. Charles
Kiln? and Christina Schwerdt, both, of San
t FraDclsco. . - ¦- , j , , .
PERRY— YEAGER— In this city. January 29,
1902,. by the Rev- Dr* John • A. - B. Wilson.
Walter. Scott. Perry and Annie Xeager, both
' cf San Francisco. ' .. . , ' •
SHIELDS— DOOLEY— In this city, 1 January 29.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. .John A. "- B. Wilson,
'•;. John -A:' Shields - and ¦ Frances May -Dooley,-
t '¦ both of Michigan Bluff,' Placer County, I CaL
¦¦¦•. <<diei>. .;>• ;" --:-¦ :•
Althausen, John * Kelly," William j/ ;
¦Anderson, Christine Larkey, .William J. •
Beasley, Mary - : . Larklns, Ann . „."-¦ ~
Brose, Max --.— Matthews, Edward
. Casey, Michael Nolte/ William F. -
Cunningham, Bridget Persona, Asa E..
Davis, Colonel Carl Peacock, • John •
Deasy, . Sara ' L. ', Reed, Eleanor M. '
Defrancesphi.; A. Roller. Fred H.
. Falk.- Samuel .. -. . .: . . Sopa, Peter G.
Foley, Thomas Stern, Elton W. •
Gray, Judge Frank Venton, : Arscott : •
. ' Grossman, . Max . Walker."- Marie ;
': Hansbrough, Elmar Weiss, - Philip -.">¦",
Hardman. Sherbrook Wolf, David
Horn, Robert G.
ALTHAUSEN— In " Oakland, January- 28, 1902,
Via Sausalito Ferry
- Commencing September 29 lgai
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
•¦•¦.- :..-¦ AND SAN RAFAElT^ yA^ LlE *
.WEEK DAYS— €:55. 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m. '
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15, 6:15.. •8:15. 6:45. p YnT>
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
P.af ael ; on r Mondays. - Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p.m. ««ur
SUNDAYS— *8:00. *10:00. «ll:30 a. m »UU
3:15. »4:45. 6j30 0^0 p. m. . .• . ' '
j- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentlnl •
FROM > SAN RAFAEL TO SAN . FRANCISCO •
WEBK DAYS— »5 :25 ¦ 0 :27. 7 US.^alw^W^S
a-m., '12:2s. 2:15.T3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m. - -
- EXTRA* TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and. 9:55 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00.:»10:00. *ll:U"a. m.
•l:40.**3a5. 4:45.^:30 p.m. ; - *
Trains marked (•) start from San -Quentin. '
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DAYS— 5:45.- 6 :45. . 7 :55, 8 :55 -l<h30
a. m... 12:35,. 2:45, 3:50. 6:10 p. m.- '- *
EXTRA TRIPS- on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m.
— BljNDAYS^-8:05, .10:05 'a. rn., 12:03. 2:15
3:30, 5:00. .6:45 p. i m.- -
>¦--. '¦•: .-¦¦ . THROUGH ¦ TRAINS. 1 ,
.6:55 . a. m. week days — Cazadero and : , way
stations. \ ' - '. ¦, . ¦- - ¦-'¦ ¦ ¦ -fA ':¦- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦:
¦:¦ 1:45 p.' m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .„-.¦ - - - '¦--.,' - -'.• -.-.-.
¦ 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. -». n*mm»**maKa9***mmgsmA
Legal . Holiday boats and trains will nut oa
Sunday time. ' . ¦.'?'; r.~
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Mrsjr*t. iv<THt'Mr:\-T« — <•:«»»». .
fl<7 WII.I., buy a good new piano during our
clearance pale at «33 Market St.:
plane?. $35 vp. THE V.'ILL\ B. ALLEN
COMPANY. ¦ ¦•"'¦' "
A BARGAIN: fine upright piano; for eale cheap
for cash: call a. rn.: no dealers. 1227 Hayes.
PIANOS, all rnskrs. new or 2d-hand. $75 up:
«asy paymts. Fay's Plar.o House. It29 Mlssr».
PRIVATE nartv ¦will ratriflce account death
handsome new h-pedal upright piano. 635 Kills.
STILL renting niw pianos, M per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Plar.o Co., SCO Hayes Bt.
$175— A RARE chance; flne upright. 6CHMITZ, i
16 McAllister gt.. next HlbernU, Bank.
gCPERIon violins, zithers, old and new. H.
klULLER. rr.aker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE"S. 22 Turk St., near Market —
Fhofirc^r. Srhub^rt and Steinway bargains.
>;W it VOIKMC TREATMENT.
DR ALICE J. PKATHER. late of New York.
tit iierrranently located at 607 Van Nes»-
tw.: hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phona Polk 1421.
OIL. .
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
1IMMA Spreckels 'building.' fi27 Market St.— Of-
fiees with modern conveniences, |15 to $25.
ASHTON & OARDIXER. , ; ..
. LARGE front offices: single or en suite; np to
date; reasonable. 933 Market st.
I'AIXTERS .VXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up: whitening and tinting
done. HARTMANN Paint Co., 319 Third st:
telephone Red 3521.
PALMISTRY. ~~~
G. L, Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
iege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 615
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 661.
FERSOSAX.S.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra, pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
TUMORS AND CANCERS CURED— The Napa
Sanatorium will take a few cases of tumors
and cancers, making no charge until cure is
complete. Ad. Napa Sanatorium, Napa, Cal.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third 6t., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
¦WHY guess? Ton can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns: Feb. patterns
The Designer r.ow ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
RAG carpete wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
A NEW shampooing machine; dries your hair
In 10 minutes and benefits the hair; sham-
pooing: 50c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth .ct. room
11: call after 7 p. m. -(
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needla. X>r. & Sirs. Treverw. 1170 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
MME. LAURME*S cure cure for dandruff and
falling hair; con, free. 1007H Mkt.; parlor 1.
FREE trial Dixon's Superfluous Hair Remover.
708 Polk st. near Eddy; phone Polk 3522.
ACTXNA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 763
Valencia et., corner Xlneteentn-
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladies free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and motes destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATOif. 111» Batter gt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLLKG, 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly : 10c and 25c All druggists.
Mrs. Briars — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 066 Butter; ieI.L»rkIri 8171.
*> SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and rooti Wiled.
¦¦ MRS. ALLIE M. MJKN. 1002% Dolores st
JEWELRY for sale: diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 128 Kearny st. rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; enperfiuoas hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sntter.
MASQUERADE coetumeg, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
caJ cogturoer. 26 OTarrell: country ordeia.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 CO.
MleSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the beet corn cure; 2Se: sill druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
PLAXIXG AJTD TCRXIJfG MILLS.
"WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
«tnd gawtng. CARL. P. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
PHYSICIAAS AAD SURGEONS..
ABSOLUTELY FREE COtfluLTATION.— AH
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
TORDEX. Xo. CT Turk gt.. corner Maaon.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physldan and
gnrgeon. at 1122 Market gt; hours 10 to 8.
DR^. C. O'DONNELL-^Jffice and residence,
1021 V, Market 6t. bet Sixth aad Seventh.
r>R. WOKG HIM. berb doctor, s-nccessrullr
treats all-diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Maaon.nr.EllU.
PROPERTY-OWNERS &. COXTR ACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Hentxell patent chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect tt 60c a, foot up;
expert In curing smoking or faulty fines;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under old
buildings; having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
T n ?m,r^,l a^ 1 L, oreanlz * tlon « : estimates free.
J. SMITH. 2S33 Mission, or box 260. 318 Bush.
,.,„ PROPOSALS. __~
**&£!r?Z2? W £ <* C8X. water "worts'
bones— G."W. Meals. Clerk oftha town of
Lompoc. will receive until February 10, 1902.
at 5 o'clock p. m., sealed di-doomI* fnr
*40 009 4* per cent'l to 40 year S'u 8
geld water works bonds of this town. Interest
payable semi-annually. to bear Interest from
issuance. Denomination $500 each, payable
tW ,° ** C «£ ear . : P?J able « Town Treasurer's
- offloe. Bids to be accompanied by certified
check on some national bank In California
for the sum of $2500. said check payable to
the order of the town of Lompoc and to be
adfiresped to and deposited with the Tftwri
CJerk of said town. or. In lieu of said cneckT
cash gold coin In said amount may ' kJ
deposited with the Town Treasurer of «ald
town and his receipt therefor Ehall accom-
pany said bid; each bid to be Inclosed In a
sealed envelope Indorsed "Proposition for
Water Works Bonds of the Town of Lom-
poc" and to be addressed to and deposited
with the Town Clerk of said town: The
Board of Trustees of said town reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals or bids
for said bonds cr to waive any Informality in
any bid as the interests ' of said town may
require. Resolution and information fur-
nished on application. G. W. MEALS, Town
Cierk.
6AN Francisco. CaL, January 27, 1802. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, -will be received here
until 11 a. rn.. Thursday. February 27. 1902,
and then opened, for construction of sewer
system, water distributing system and steel
tank and trestle at Fort Miley," California.
Government reserves right to- reject or as-
e*pt any cr all bids in whole or • In part
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions cf price and quality <ln-
k i 3 * ln «. "** price °* foreign productions
ihe duty therecn) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M.
REAL ESTATS — COUATUY — For Sale
——FOB EALE NEAR SAM FRANCISCO
Email tract*. *<jo to t'M p«- acre, on Rancho
Cota^Bonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st. for pam-
phlets and information. .-._.:
POINT RICHMOND!— Beautiful acre lots hi
Richmond Addition; a limited number, end
the only acre lots near Richmond;
low; term* reasonable. • See J. H. MVC-
IXiNALD A CO.. 1052 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR cash rent, 10 acres, near Haywards; im-
provements lirst-class; : would exchange for
Eerkeley. Oakland or San Francisco improved
property. ISKW Sixteenth st.. S. F.
PP.OFITABLE oiar.ee. lemon, peach and prune
. lands to :.c:i; right locality: big rroney; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st
POULTRT'and dairy .anchor all kinds;, send
ctanu> fcr free list C. R. Winfield, Petaluma.
JAMBS McGINN/l
Formerly .with * McGinn 1 Bros.',"- has opened
new . Funeral I Parlors at > 214 Eddy st.bet.
Taylor, and Jones. Telephone South 676.' -
|E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
¦ January 30, " 1902, • at 1:30 a'clock, from the
residence of his Barents, 511% Capp street.
" Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ . .
VENTON— In this city, January 29, 1902, Ars-
* cott, '"- husband of Isabel 'Venton,' and -father
of Greta, , Marian and Arscott CrawfordVen-
' ton, a native of England, aged 52 years 8
months: and 11 dayr >; , >;
"WALKER— In '* Oakland, January \ 27, 1902,
Marie, beloved - wife of Frank Walker, , lately
of Stockton, and sister of Annie Silver of
.. Haywards, a } native S of Portugal, aged 61
years. -¦•.-•' •¦¦.-¦ .¦.;;¦¦ ¦ :. . - ¦
Q7Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to ¦ attend the funeral ¦• to-day
¦ (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 256 ¦ Harlen' street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Portuguese Church, where a requiem
high mass ¦ will be celebrated for the repose
'of her soul, commencing at.lQ o'clock. In-
terment - St. Mary's Cemetery. -Ji
WEISS-^-In this city, January, 28, 1902, Philip
Weiss, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
WOLF — In : this city. . January 28, 1902, v David
Wolf, . a native of Posen, Prussia, aged 57
years." ; ¦• ¦ . .- : . :¦ . '¦--" - -•-.---•
' *• CT" Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully .invi ted ', to < attend- the .funeral to-day
(Thursday),' at 1; o'clock, from the -funeral
parlors of H. • F. Maass, 917 .Mission street.
Interment . Mount ; Olivet Cemetery. ¦
STERN^-In this city, January 28, 1902, .Elton
W., beloved child of K. and Hattle
Stern,- and beloved brother of Lyle, Charles
K.: Jr., Anita ¦ and • Grace Stern, a' native of
¦ San Francisco, aged 1 year and 1 day. (San
j Diego papers please I copy.) ggffaSt^jgw'Tgp^
\ C?"Frienda 'and acquaintances are»respect-
fully invited: to attend. the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), at 2; o'clock,- from-- the -parlors of
: H.- F. » Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission ' street; be-
tween . Seventh and Eighth. . Interment I. O;
• O. - F.r Cemetery. : , '
PARSONS— In this* city, January 28.; 1902, Asa
r E.,^. beloved -husband of the late Anna- M.
* Parsons, - and '. father of- Edward . B., Alfred
W.'and Mrs. C. Cesend and Mrs. A. McCar-
, thy, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 71 years
8 months : and » 5 . days. (Brooklyn. ,N. . Y.,
. papers ¦ please • copy.) . ;, ¦¦;: v ' '
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- ¦ fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January.- 30^1902. ifromxhls - late ' residence,
1923 ¦• Sixteenth >* avenue ' south, r South" Sari
I Francisco, v at 1 :30 ' o'clock. ; Interment Cy-
" .presa Lawn Cemetery.' .-I": . .:» ¦¦ -. . . ;
PEACOCK— In : Mayfleld,, Cal.; January 29,
\ 1902,' John,> beloved husband of Abigall^Pea-
cock, and father, of Alfred; Allison, Albert.
Thomas B. :. and -John Peacock; a 'native of
- England, ¦ aged 63 years. <. .= /:*'.' .'
REED— In this ' city. January, 29.^ 1902, at the
; a parents'; residence, 41 Natoma street, Eleanor
M., beloved and only daughter ¦ of J. Albert
• and .< Annie Reed, sister ' of ¦ Albert . J.- - and
Edward C. .Reed, and. granddaughter of the
, late : Captain • J. . P. Reed of » Coronado, Neil
McGonigle and ! the late Ellen McGonlgle, a
native - of r; San Francisco, aged 2 ¦ years 11
months and 13 days. -¦: - <
ROLLER— In this city, r January 28, 1902, Fred
H.. Roller, dearly beloved son of Charles and
¦¦-: Lena Roller, and beloved brother of Charles
- H., Emily and Albert Roller,. a native of San
Franclaco, aged 22 years 10 months and 22
•¦ days. -• ¦.¦¦', .- ;.¦ ¦ ¦ _¦.:. ¦/ ' . > ¦ '--
' lt7Friends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to» attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock,' from the residence of
his uareats, . 617 ; Octavla" street.". Interment
I. O. ; O. ,-F. '. Cemetery. ¦ Please omit flowers.
SOPA— In. this city, 1 January 28. 1902, Peter
. G; Sopa,' beloved husband of Mrs. Lena' Sopa/
a native of Austria,', aged 52 years 7 months
and 8 days.. . ; :. •>. ; - ; : . .:: ; ,
, Matthews, to-day,- at 3 o'clock,' from the par-
lors • of James Hasan, 445 .Valencia : street.
/ By order of ; councilor. - ' -¦ . . ¦ . •
¦"?••' -. : -v '.--¦ A.- S. ' SULLIVAN. D. ; D. ; S.
- -H. C PUCKHABER,'Rec.-Sec.
NOLTE— In- this city,; January: 29, ; 1902, - Wil-
, ;liam,F.. beloved husband of 'Hannah Nolte,
¦ and •': father -of ; -Wanda"' Nolte^' » a. native- of
, . . Hanover,' Germany, aged 61 . years ¦ 2 '. months
%and 19 days.' A member of Bernal Lodge No.
v 19, ,a:-o..-u.\w.--.'-. :¦-."- ' •.."-;•'.•"
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully " invited .¦ to- attend the ¦- funeral to-day
(Thursday). 7 at . 3 > o'clock, from the . parlors
of James Hagan, 445 Valencia street, thence
. to : Odd . . Fellows' Cemetery - for . cremation."
MEMBERS of Abraham Lincoln Council No. 2
Jr. O.' U. A. M-. are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, E. S^
ICNotlce of funeral' hereafter. ¦-l v T*-i-
LARKBY— in this city, January 28, 1902.
¦William J., beloved son of James and Mary
La»key, and brother of. John J., Daniel E.
and Frank X. Larkey and Mrs. M. Carroll
and' the late Charles ' Larkey, a native of
San Francisco,', aged 35 years. A tnember
of Cathedral Council No. 59, Y. M. I. - (Phil-
adelphia, Brooklyn and Londonderry, Ire-
land, papers please , copy.) .-.'.'
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),' at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2100 Filbert street, corner of Webster,
'thence to St. Brleid's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass - will ' be -celebrated for- the
repose of his. soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CATHEDRAL Council No. B9, Y. • M. - 1.— Of fl-
eers and members will assemble at 2100 Fil-
bert Btreet to-day (Thursday), at 8:45
o'clock, to ; attend < the , funeral of our late
brother.'W. J. Larkey. By order of -• «
DANIEL C. DEASY., President.
' P. J. FARRELL, Cor. Secretary. > ;j , •
LARKINSr-In this city, January 29, 1902, VAnn
Larkins,. beloved, wife of the late Frederick
Larklns, : and • mother of James A.; - Arthur
H., Harriet E. and -William A. Larkins and
Mrs. Jacob Boodt, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 59 years 8 months and 20 days.
• \ tT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
-February l; at -10 o'clock, from the funeral
•parlors of Cfcarles H. J. Truman 4: Co., 818
Mason street, between O'Farrell and. Geary.
; ' Interment Cypress • Lawn Cemetery, by car-
'„ riage. ; .- • ,-¦¦:¦
MATTHEWS— In this city. January 28, 1902.
- Edward L. Matthews, beloved father of Myr-
tle Matthews, a native of Louisiana; aged 50
' yeara 3 months and 13 days. ;_^^
o'clock," from his late residence, 3350 Twenty-
third street, : corner Bartlett. Interment Cy-
press, Lawn Cemetery." ¦ ;
KELLY— In this . city, January 29, 1902, Wil-
liam - J."-.* Kelly, beloved husband - of - Belle
Kelly, . father of Charles, Albert, Reginald,
Isabelle, Eugene, Harold and Clarence Kelly,
and beloved son of Margaret Kelly, a native
. of Baltimore, Md.
icy Friends are respectfully invited- to at-
tend • the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
(ET Friends and acquaintances and ¦ mem-
bers of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, I. O. R. M.,
and - members of . sister ' tribes, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from Red Men's
Hall, 820 Pbst 'street, where services wlllbe
held under the auspices of • Manzanita . Tribe
No. 4, I.-.O. R. M. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.' ' - ¦ ¦ : ' : • ¦. >¦ ¦
GROSSMAN — January 29, . 1902, ' Max . Grotjs-
H ANSBROUGH— In this city, January "£9,
1902, Elraar C, beloved : son of George and
Emma Hansbrough, a native of.£an Fran-
Cisco, -aged 1 year 3 months and 10 days.
HARDMAN — In : Olema, January 28, 1902,
. Sherbrook - H. Hardman, aged 36 years ¦ 1
month and 4 days.
HORN— In. this city, . January 28, 1902, Robert
G., beloved— husband of Lizzie C. Horn,
brother-in-law of Mrs. J. B. Brlce, and uncle
of Albert F.' Thedy, a native of Cincinnati,
Ohio, • need 53 ' years - 11 months and 20 days.
(Cincinnati, Ohio, papers please . copy.) e .• ;
JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 17 ~ Clyde street, oil Townsend, • be-"
• tween Third and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's
• Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the | rerose of his soul at ¦ 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRAY— In this "city, January 27, 1902, "Judge
. Frank John Gray, beloved son of H. W. and
-¦ the -later- Catharine •<3ray.»«v.;natlve> of, San
I Francisco, < aged- 3S years 2 months and 7
days. A member cf Manzanita Tribe No. 4,
I. O. R. M. :.
MRS. M. B/ TWOMEY, " Cor.* Sec. -,-¦;.
DEFRANCESCHI — In this ; city, January 28,
1902, August Defranceschi, ; a native of Aus-
tria, aged 30 years. ' ¦
[C7 The' funeral will ¦ take place - to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty:& Green, 1171 Mission
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.. -.
FALK — In this city, January 28, 1902, Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Lena Falk, father of
¦ Mrs. Fanny Constine, Hyman, Minnie and
Annie Falk, and brother of . Klva Falk of
Los Angeles, a native of Germany, aged 65
years.-- :¦:•¦¦¦'; ;•>•••.-. v . --_--;.- '--..•. ¦;¦>:<. ¦:..-',-'
. . C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'(Thursday),! at 10:15 'o'clock, from his late
residence, 806 Van Nes9 avenue. . Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets."
BAY CITY Lodge No. 117, K/ of P.^Of fleers
j and members of Bay ' City I Lodge No. 117;
- K. of P., are invited to attend. the funeral of
late brother, Samuel Falk. ~
CHAS. O* MORRIS. K. of R. and S.
FOLEY— In this city, January 29, 1902,
Thomas, beloved . husband of .* Julia Foley,
and beloved father of John : J. Koley, ' a na-
tive of. the parish of Klldorrery, County,
Cork, "Ireland.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Fridoy), at 9:30 o'clock,, from her late resi-
dence, corner * o£ : Second . avenue • and' Eight-
'¦ eenth street, East Oakland, thence to St. An-
thony's Church, corner ! of Fifteenth, street
and Sixteenth avenue,, East . Oakland, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the 'repose of her. soul,' commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. 'Interment St.' Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. ' . "".
MARTHA .WASHINGTON Circle, Div. No. - 1,'
A. O.H.' of A.— Sisters: .You are hereby re-
" quested to attend the funeral of our . late
sister. Sara L. Deasy. By order of '¦- .
, JOSEPHINE; DILLON. Pres.
ICFuneral services at the .- undertaking
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street,
:. Thursday, ;at 2 o'clock. ¦ Interment private,'
- Mount Olivet Cemetery. :¦% ¦ - ¦ • - - ! - , ;.,
DEASY — In Oakland. '> January 28, 1902, Sara
L.; beloved wife of "Jerome Deasy, a native
of Brooklyn, N. Y. . ¦'. '¦.-¦-..
' John,- beloved husband : of ,v Christina ¦-, Alt-'
hausen, \ and . father of Harry, George, Annie,'
¦ Joe - and -. John \ AlthaVsen ? and ' Mrs. v"W. • H. i
' Walte.ja native i of ; ' Bremen, ; Germany,; aged
' 51. • years ' 2 , months and , 0 ; days. r - A . member
: of Ernst v.Bandel Lodge Nb. 3, O.'d; H.-S.,;
i and • San' Francisco ; Verein Elntracht. .- (New;
••'-, York ' papera; please ¦ copy.) ;, :, . . ,• ¦
1 cyFrlends ' and : acquaintances are . respect- .
fully invited ¦ to ¦-. attend the funeral , services
to-dav -t (Thursday), at - 2 • o'clock, ; at ;c his
late. residence, 559S San Pablo avenue, corner,
• of- Fifty-sixth street,^ Oakland. .Interment
Mountain View; Cemetery.,. >• .: ; ; . . |
ANDERSON — In this city.v January- 29, - 1902,
Christine M., dearly -beloved; wife of Hans,
| and mother of Elma C. Anderson," and ¦ sister
of Mrs. Hans : Schroeder,% a ' native - of f Ger- !
many, • aged 39 years 8 months and 1 • day. : ; ; ,
. CXThe remains will ;be forwarded to ,Eu-
¦. reka, - CaL, ' for * interment. " by -¦ steamer ; Po-
* mona, ' leavlnc ." Saturday,'* February 1. : Re-
mains at the -parlors of Theodor Dlerka,. 957
Mission street, between Fifth ; and Sixth. .---
BEASLEY— In tbia 'j'clty. /January . 28, r 1902,'
- Mary, beloved wife.. of the late •William
Beasley, and sister : of William, James * and
Patrick O'Keefe, t Mrs. Hannah Maloney and
the» late Daniel and Ellen O'Keele, a native
of County ¦: Cork. ; Ireland, aged 45 .,• years."
(Boston, .Mass.; papers please . copy.) v ;
¦ • C^Frlencis ' and acquaintances : are respect-
fully invited to ' attend ¦¦¦ the .. funeral . to-day
-, .(Thursday), at 8 :30 ! o'clock, . from her late
residence, 76 Hermann street, . between Mis-
sion and Valencia, thence -to t St.' Joseph's
| Church, where a' requiem ' h'lgh mass will be
celebrated for the repose ' of her soul, ¦ eom-
¦ mencingr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
* .Cemetery. ' ¦ . ;¦ ' ¦ ¦ •' ¦ '
BROSE— In this city,. January. 28, 1902, Max,
'dearly beloved husband of Emma Brose, . and
t brother of '¦ Emll ; Brose, a native of ; Berlin,'
'•Germany, aged 43 years 3 ' months ' and :¦ 1
day. : - • J^yffsgS^MW&f <itt>U Jgll'Mt^^t
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully : invited . to - attend ; the , funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, .from his late resl-.
dence, '¦¦ 2810 Octavia street, -between 'Union
and Filbert. Interment I. O. .O. F. Ceme-
• itery. .¦:....-¦;.¦'. : : :• ' ' . .. ' '¦'. '-
CASEY-— In Oakland, ' Michael Casey, . father of
Mrs. M. A. Beggs, a native of County. Clare,
Ireland, aged 72 years. . ' ¦¦- i
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, January 29,
1902, Bridget, - beloved wife of Andrew Cun-
1 nlngham; mother of ' Mary Cunningham, ¦ and
sister of Mrs. M. Curran, a native of the
parish of . Cahirciveen, County.. Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 29 years. ,
DAVIS — Entered into eternal life, January 27/
1902, at the home of William - Lukes,' fi22
' Leavenwbrth street, : Colonel Carl • Davis, ¦ a
native of London, England, : aged 82 years
7 months and. 7 days. - . '. -. -'-V--:^
"'¦-;'¦; Gone, but not forgotten.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Tr»lSMi lantii mill j»r« Hue t<> xrrlv* at
' : ".-•¦• " MAN ritAN«:iMt:<>. .
¦' (Main Lino. Foot of Market Street.)
mmatm — Thom Dromwa 6. 1801. — axuv*
?»••* Benld*, SuUun, Elmir* aad S»cr»- '¦
mento...... _., ' .. " S:33&
!«••* VaeaTUle. WlntadB.'Bumsey...! 7s33»
I«8oa M»rti.iri,3ault»inoo, Vallejo. N»r«s .
Callatoga and Santa Rosa... ...... «:33»
ti*»A Davis, Woodland. Ksigats Landing:' .
MuyiTllle. (irotilla... 7i»3»
f J *°* mntl ° K*PrM»-Oiden and East ItiHt
••••AlTOea, Lathron.Sto<dii!on.. ?*»»»
Si««ANUes. Mendota. Uanford. VtsalJa.
Porterrula 4;53> .
•iMa Skaita Kxprea-DaThLWlBlams (for
. vBartl.tt 8DringsX Wttlowt. Eo4
Bluff. Portland.. •„ 7(8S»
SiSOa g»n - Jose, - Llverman, Htockton.
. • lone.— ««or»meuto. PiaeenrlUo.
'i ¦ ¦•• M»ry»»lll«, Cbieo. Ited Blwlt 4iSSy
¦ :3l»* Oakdale, Ohlnew.Honora. Tuotomm 4:3Sr
BitOA Hayward, Kilts and Waj Stations.. 1 I:A3a
#:«Oa. VsUejo I2lt33»
ti««* Los Angels* Express — ktartiuex,
. - - Tracy. Latiirop. Htoekton. ilt.i<jed -
Viwuo aud Lo» AoRslea ?i&3*
-, »t»O4 Vallejo, Martiuez aiul Waf Station! 7i5a»
l«iOOA The OTwtand Llmited-Oeden, Pod-
?er, Oinaba. Chicago <li23»
fliOBrSacriinauto Hirer i3teumei« tHlMt
/ SittMp llonlcia. Winters. Sacramento.
WotMliaiid. KuUuts Itaudiug,
Mary»»CU, (hrorllla I*:OS&
lilDr Hayward. Niles and Way Stations.. 7iO9*
•toop Martlnex, Han IUiiio.i. V«ilejo. >
Nairn. (Mbtoga. Hanta Kua..\... »».53»
*tOOr Niles, LlTermors. Stockton, Lodl... 19tV3y
* iSor Hayward, N lien, Kan Jua*. liwimor* t » «»**
*:XOT Tho Owl Limited — Fresnok Tulare.
.- - BakeraflelJ. Saiurns for Sauta Bmx- ¦
b»r». IjO» Aiicelea 9:33»
¦i«0r Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 o t«3*
BrOOr Martinet, Aatiooh. Stockton, M«r-
oed. Froano. 19*39*
•«oor Hay ward. Nlloa and Saa Jom 5.53*
<«.OOr Vallojo 1 I 1. 23*
••••r Oriantal . .. Mail— Ogdeo. Denrtr. ¦
¦ Omaha. St Louis. Chicago.. 4iS9«
»i««r Oregon »od OallfiirnU h!xi>r«»n.H»o. >¦ -.
ranieutii, Marjuill*, lta<1<lhig.
1'ortlHinl. 1'nget rioui.it aiul Kast ii33*
•••*f San Pablo. Port Coata. Martines
and Way flUUooa U1SS4
_ t»iWf Vaii«in ?»aa»
COAST IjINE (Marrow Ua«n»). .
(FootufM«rkatatr«8t.)
•il5ANewark.Oonter?iile,8anJos«,Felton. :
BoiiIderOresk^autaOnisandWay ¦ * - 1 "- •
Nutlons...... »!«•»
fSilaa- Newark Oautenrlll«. Ban Joa«,Naw . -
Abnadeu, Telton, Jtouldor Creek,
Santa Orni and Principal Way
Stations. ....„ !•!«•*
«i»Hp Newark. San Jose, Low Gatos.. f«i5»*
«».3op Hunters' Train— San Jos* and Way f*
SUUona ...,V7J*m
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
froa S1I raiSCISCO-f jol of Hirkit Strwt^Sli? S>-
tT:U >:00 11:00a.M. 1:03 3:30 ¦ 3:13r.H.
fumOnUH*— /nltrBruaw»T.— 1«:00 tlkOO IS.-09
10:00*.ii. »:0Q. 8.03 t:08r.M. . - '
. COAST LINK (llroa.l Haas*}. ;
:' frhird and Townwnd Sts.) " :
«:l«* Saa Jose aad Way HUUon*.. ....... «i4*X
7sflO4 «*n Jom ami Wny SUtlout f8i**B>
/7i»OA Now Almatien.. / -l:l«»
, ».OOa Co«st Lino limited — San Jose.
GUrny, SallDaa, San Lnis Oblapo,
Saata Barbara, Loh Angeles and •*- '
principal Intermediate stations.... lOtiflf
• iOOa Nan Just). Tre* l"luoa. Hunt* (,'riiz, ¦' : .-¦'
¦ ¦ Pacitie tituwo. Salinas. San LuU ' '¦
- - Oblspo 11111I Principal lntermedUU ...
Mtatioim 4sl«*
1O>:iOa San Jcse and Way StmUons..... . «::t«*
I IsSflA Han Jcmo kikI Way Stations »-¦!•*
t3: 15p Hsn ittateo, Uedwooil, Menlo Park, '
¦ - Palo Alto. HanU Clara. Sail .lo«e.
Tres Pinos. Hauta Oinz, Salinas. -
Monieray bimI l'acillc <4n>Te...... fl<ii-<3»
8-.no r Hun. Joa« and Way Station*. 1 !»«»• i
«4:lftr »uJoi»iul Principal Way Stations S<8*9
« «»OrSnns»t limited— Mondays, Wedara>
days, Vricliy*. for Loj Aneeles, E3
Paw New Orleans and Sew York.
Arrives Snnda.v*. Tuesdays aad
Thursdays » lOilS*
tStOOrSan Joan, Los Gate* aud Principal ' ¦
Way Stations f!):O«t
3ia«r San Jow ami Principal Way Stations C<3»a> .
«s3OpSai« Jo«f ami Way fusions 7i30V
7«00r New Orleans Expren — Has Luis
Obispo. Santa isarhara, Les An-
. geles, D-mlnj. El Paao, New Or- - ¦'¦'';¦
ieium and Baat ......J • "iSOfc
¦Il»45p9»n JiHteun.l W»y Statlowa ?!»•# '
A for Morning P for Afternoon. »
t Siimliy excuntei - • Snndar only. • .
_j»Satorday only. / Tnesdayii and Frldsyf^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. Qk
I- LESSEES • ,
SAM FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PAClfri
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. s
6 an Fr-anciscw tu San Rafasl. ¦ ¦
WEEK DAYS— 7 :S0, 9:00, 11:00 a. xn.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10,- 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturday a — Kxtra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ; . „ -':' ~ rz
SUNDAYS- 8:00. »:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3fl(,
6:00. 8:20. p. m.
riuti kaxaoi to San Francisco. .
WEEK DAYS— «J:10, 7:80. »:20. 11:10 a. nx;
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra
trips at 1:95 and 6:33 p. m. : ¦
SUNDAYS — 8:10, »:40. lx:10 a, m. ; l:4O. 3:40.
0:05, 6:25 p. ra.
Leave I In Effect I . Arrive
Saa Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901 [ San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Weak
Days. I days. ] Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40ara
9:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:Wpm 10:25am
6:lQyiu 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:22pm 6:20pm
Fulton, - "-.-.. "-';
7:30am -Windsor. - 10:22am
;t . 5:00pm Healdsbarc;. 10:40am
Lytton, .
' Geysenrllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 0:20pm >
7:30am B:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 0:20pm
7:30am '¦ 10:40am 10 ;23am
- - 8:00am Guernavllle. 7:3Spm. . .;.->
3:30pm 6 :00pm ' . " .. - • :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and • r .-»---..
5:10pm fi :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:0Oam| " |10:40am|10:25aja
3 :30pm | 0:00pm[ SabaatopoL I 7:S5pm| C:2Opiq.
Stages connect at Santa' Rosa for Mark
West Springs and Whlta Sulphur Sprlnn;. st
Fulton tot Altrurla; at Lytton . for Lyttoa
Springs ; at Geyservllle for 8k&rgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland fee*
Duncan Spring*. Highland Springs, Kelaey-
Tille, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.- Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orft
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort ¦ Bran.
Westport. Usal, Will its, LaytonvUle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. < Harris, Olaen" a. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. - . . • .
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at r*»
dnced rates. '$?*'**,> r**, inn—f/»ri* isan ¦¦>- i»r>y
On Sundays round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. ¦ / - •
Ticket of nee. 450 Market street, f Chronlda
DUlldlns. • ¦ , . ' ¦ ¦ ...-
H. C WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
. ¦ Pen. Manager. Gen. Paa» Agt.
Santa. Fe>1u
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street B"e«Ty Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Loeal'
» -• Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
"*¦ Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.. 2:00 p 2:35 p 3:15alO:50p
" Hanford. S:12p 3^7p 8:05a.......
"Vlsalia.. 3:39 p 6:00a
" Bakersfd «:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
." ' Kan.City 2:4Oa 7:30a.......
r-" Chicago.. |... 2:15 p| »:0O p(.......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train lathe California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace ' Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakeraneld for accommodation of
local first-class - passengers. Ho second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding . train arrives at 7:05a.m. dally
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8 p. m. la the * Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out ; at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. ¦ ' ' ¦' ¦
7 :20 a. m. is Bakeraneld Local, stopping
at ail points In San Joaqaln Valley.. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 = Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. ¦
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
' Leave Via Saosalito Ferry . "Xrnve
-¦ San Fran; . Foot of Market St. ' San Fran. '
,^lT~Sun7 n . 4: u fc i. te< , -op .^ Son-. \V£k
9-30 A. 8:00a. _u » j^mtoc u,,,, »» jm !•«> *• l *& •*.
jut v KSrrSSsr^ ;: s? '¦
Fu«, S»n Fr»»eU« to Summit ullran. Jl.M. " •
TUUiOMem, KI XJUL1S.J 8TH1R ul aACSAUTO TZ&S.Z.
\ a/^*^ Dr.GiWbbn's Dispensary,
fl-g-M 6i29 KEABJfYST. Established
If^fflHl 111 I934 for the treatment of Private
fRJ\Js$g Diseases. Lout Manbood. Debility or
uNK S&d!wi« weartnaron body and mind and
Diseases. The Doctor cnr*s when
Cvf-JiiSamGi others fall. Try him. Vhargn low.
, ,—*t Cailorwru*
Dr. JI. JT. «IUBOX. Saa Franclaco. Cai> <THE j SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THtJRSp AY, JANUARY 30, 1902.
, In another part of this paper ', appears an
advertisement worthy the • reading:,' as it's'fqr
the public good. It tells of a free distribution
of Doan's Kidney Pills, a* remedy for; Kidney
Ills. Read It and call at ;No 'Percentage 'Drug
Company, 949-951- Market Bt.. • south . 6ide, -• be
tween Fifth and Sixth, ' San Francisco, on Fri
day.-January 31. . - . ¦ ¦¦¦•.-. . .;.-.¦:-
For the Public Good.
George Stevenson, who is employed in
a stable at Geary and Leavenworth
streets,: is' dying in the City and County
Hospital from the effects of a beating
he :s said to have received on the 12th
inst. at the hands of Thomas Grogan.' Ac
cording to the police the two • men had
some . words, when , , Grogan picked , up a
pitchfork, and struck Stevenson'« several
times over the head. " Grogan has r not
been arrested. . ', ~;
Struck With a Pitchfork.
To-Day at d A. M.
The great clothing sale will begin, and
continue until every suit contained in the
store is sold, and when they are gone oth
ers will follow. Arrangements have been
made by. the firm for clothing that -will
clothe every man in. San Francisco,' and
$4.85 will be the price— not more, not less.
It is quantity that is going to be sold at
the clothing sale that is now selling the
Adler & Sons clothing, at the Lyceum, 915
Market street, opposite Mason. : > * •
The annual meeting 1 of the General Ger
man La-dies' Benevolent Society was held
at S60 Geary street yesterday. -There was
a large attendance and considerable In
terest in the operations of the society,
¦which are increasing in scope. from, year
to year, was manifested.
- The relief work of the society Is con
fined principally to the car© of helpless
widows and orphans. During the past
twelve months over 1400 cases of suffering
among destitute fatherless families were
looked after by the officers of the society
and needed help furnished. In 1900 more
than 1300 cases of destitution were caxed
President Mrs. C. Koester read her an
nual report; in which she called atten
tion to the good work done by the so
ciety during the past year. The
ship now numbers 253, -of which 21o are
paying members, five honorary members
and thirty-three life members. Among
the members are many of the best known
German residents of San Francisco, all of.
whom are actively engaged in prosecut
ing the work of the organization. /The
president urged that every woman now
identified with the society should. do all in
her . power . to increase the membership
during the current year.
Mrs. Louisa D. Plagemann. the treas
urer, reported that the total receipts dur
ing the year aggregated $4378. Of that
sum $2579 represented dues paid by the
members and $595 was donated by charit
able persons. The sum of $3543 was dis
bursed, in charity. The cash on hand
amounts to J7676. l
After the consideration of the annual
reports the election of officers for the en
suing term, was entered upon with the fol
lowing results, the old officers being
unanimously re-elected:
President. "Mrs. C. Koester; vice president.
Mrs. C. 1 Regensburger: secretary. ' Mrs. F.
Fehlelser; treasurer, Mrs. Louisa. D. Plage
mann. .
The board. of directors Is composed of
the officers named and ten others, five of
whom hold over, while five are elected
every year. Those elected were:
Mrs. M. Esberg. Mrs. L. Goettig, Mrs. J. C.
Meussdorffer, Mrs. B. Broemmel and Mrs.
Isaac Hecht. The hold-over directors are Mrs.
F. Habenlcht. Mrs. M. A. Buck. Mrs. H.
Kreutzmann. Mrs. F. Stadtmueller and Mrs.
L. Lebenbaum.
The present advisory committee, con
sisting of R. Cappelle. F. Habemicht and
Charles J. Simon, was rcappointed.
During the afternoon a general discus
sion of the affairs of the society was in
dulged in and- plans Were advanced for
increasing the efficiency of the society a
work. The members were urged to do all
In their power to secure new members, as
the receipts- will be enhanced thereby.
While the society has in no sense been
seriously hampered by a lack of funds. Its
operations have of necessity been confined
to a restricted field, on that account. The
society has in the past years received sev
eral bequests from estates, but these were
merely nominal sums. The Idea was ex
pressed that if more people of wealth were
to remember the society in their wills the
cause of charity in aid of widows and
orphans would be materially advanced.
Walsh Secures Strong Lead
'Edward I. Walsh, at the close of yes
terday's recount, was 111 votes ahead of
George Alpers. There were four pre
cincts counted, the fifth and sixth of the
Forty-third, the seventh of the Forty
fifth and the fifth of the Forty-second.
Aloers lost twenty-five votes and Walsh
lost ten and gained one. making a total
gain for the day of sixteen votes, which,
added to his previous gains, placed him
111 votes ahead of Alpers. The other
losses" during the day are: Bent, 20; Eg
gers. 22; Coghlan, 8: Wilson, 19, and
Braunhart, 16. . ' *_ ¦ .
Removal Notice.
Nolan & Co.. 'who for many, years have
conducted a shore store, : corner Seventh
and Market streets. Odd Fellows' build
ing, have moved. across the street. to the
new Callaghan building, where they have
a more commodious store.' a new stock
has been bought for their new location
and they will be pleased to welcome their
old patrons in their new quarters. •
Captain Bochat Dies.
Julien Bochat, master - of the, French
bark Duchesse Ann, died in the French
Hospital yesterday afternoon from the ef
fects of asphyxiation.. He -was found in
his bed in the Europe Hotel, corner Pa
cific and Sansome streets, yesterday morn
ing.unconscious-and, wnn the key of tue
gas burner partly, turned on.
The. Board of Supervisors held a special
meeting last night for the purpose of
hearing the offer of Russell L. Dunn and
William C. Alberger to sell to the city the
Giant Gap water supply, from the north
fork of the 'American River. The meet
ing.was in. the nature of an investigation
of the merits of the supply, which the
Board of Works reported as inadequate
for the needs of the city.
. Attorney Frank H. Gould presented the
claims of the Giant Gap supply, which,
he said, was better for the city than the
Tuolumne River project, recommended by
the-Board of, Works. Gould was followed
by Russell .Dunn, the engineer of the
Giant Gap supply, who stated that one
reservoir' already built was capable of
supplying this city after it had doubled in
population. The title to the supply Is clear
and includes 70,000 acres of land. The
pipe to'be used would be of steer and five
thirty-seconds , of ,an inch in thickness,
though.. In' some places .the pipe would
have to be three-sixteenths of an inch
thick. ~ / ,". ¦ ..'.;-;
City Engineer Grunsky declared that no
reliable, engineer would : have planned .to
use the thickness of the pipe as decided
upon by Engineer Dunn, as the thickness
would not. stand- the pressure.
In reply to a question -of Mayor Schmitz,
Dunn stated that the pipe if made of steel
would last twenty years, and, would have
to be replaced at the end of that time.
The board adjourned without -taking
any action regarding the offer.
Prouse Is in Luck.
Harry. M. Prouse. the discharged soldier
who sought to reacTT Chicago as freight in
a packing case, is in luck. Chief Wittman
and Captain Seymour , interested them
selves in the young man and made up the
necessary amount .yesterday to purchase
a ticket; to ; Chicago., and he left by last
evening's train. He promised : faithfully
to returnthe money, as he does not wish
to be considered an object of charity.
The young men of St. Ignatius College
cleverly presented the play of • "Riche
lieu" last night at the College Hall. The
production was a clever piece of work
and reflected credit on those in charge.
The following took part in the produc
tion: Robert X. Ryan. Victor White.
Anthony J. ¦ Smith, William A: Breen.
Randal J. Crowley. Theodore P. Murphy.
Constantine G. Scnoen, John L. Whelan.
David A. O'Keefe and Edwin J. Broen..
Collegrc Men Play "Richelieu."
Jerome Basslty, valiant, commander, ap
pointed the following committee to appear
before the board next Monday to advocate
the passage of the bill:- J.-M.Mofflt. Jos
eph Horn. I. Deutch, Ted Lunsted aad
Charles Newman. ¦ .
. Resolved. That • we ' present" a copy of: these
resolutions to the Board' of Supervisors and
urge O*e passace of - the resolution of Super
visor Lynch,; and that -.a committee be ap
pointed by the valiant commander' consisting
of five members to urge the Board, of Supervis
ors to pass said resolution, and that as many
of our members as can attend the meeting of
said Board of Supervisors for the ' purpose ; of
inducing said board to pass said resolution on
behalf of the business men of San Francisco.
Tbat i copy of these resolutions i be -aent.i to
each member of the Board . of Supervisors by
our recorder. " .. .• ,
Whereas, Supervisor Lynch of the Board of
Supervisors of . the city and county . of . Sat:
Francisco has introduced a resolution whereby
the opening of ' the race course at Ingleside
may be accomplished for_ the period of sixty
days in each year. ""Whereas,' it is for the
best interests of the city and especially the
business community t 1 }* 1 * the money now dis
tributed in trade channels" throughout other
counties may be retained fn 8an Francisco and
that a properly equipped , racetrack • here in|
this city and county will open up many sources
Tor the selling of merchandise for supplies "to'
be used at said racetrack, such as hay, feed,
salaries for employes and other necessary ar
ticles In the way of clothing,- etc. ; and where-.
as, owlner'to the fact that the racetracks are
now r.t Oakland and Tanforan and" tliere ;»s
none In the city, a great deal of business is
kept out of San Francisco, thus depriv
ing the business Interests of San> Francisco of
a legitimate disbursement of large . sums of
money incidental to their trade; and whereas,'
the Knlshts of the Royal Arch Is composed
of many business men, . and it is the duty of
our order to at all times advance buslnefs in
terests for the Improvement and betterment
of the city in a legitimate and honorable man
ner; and whereas, we deem that it will be for
the benefit of our members who are encased In
tbe retail and wholesale liquor business : by,
enabling them to receive some ot: the benefits'
of the trade .and that many connected.' 1 . with
the liquor business will receive employment,
therefore be it . ' r : , "¦• '• •' ¦- : • ¦'¦• ? ••
San Francisco ¦ Lodge No. 2 of the
Knights of the Royal- Arch, an organiza
tion composed of the leading liquor men
of this city, held a special' meeting last
night to discuss the ordinance; now before
the Board of Supervisors to reopen .the
Ingleside racetrack. It- was unanimously,
decided to advocate the passage of the or
dinance. The following resolutions were
adopted without a dissenting vote:
Strong Resolutions Indorsing
the Proposed Ordinance.
Knights of the Royal Arch Pass
\. ith the exception of a few special
bequests the entire estate is left to his
wife and three daughters. Five thousand
dollars 1s left to : "the vestry of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, and Frank P. Cutting
is left 85000. A like sum ts bequeathed
to Charles Stlmson of Vancouver, British
Columbia, a cousin of the deceased.
James Seymour, a life long friend, is also
left JSOOO. i •
The will of Sidney M. Smith, who died
January 21 .of this year, was filed for
probati- yesterday, i Elizabeth E. Smith,
his widow, has applied for leters of ad
ministration. Smith left an estate valued
at illO.000. The will of the deceased is
•olcgraphic" and bears date of August 22,
19CV.
LIQUOR MEN IN FAVOR
OF OPENING INGLESIDE
The Emporium, San Francisco—Gentle
men: Your offer of S7c on the dollar for
our entire stock of this season's Cloaks,
Dresses, Skirts, Jackets, etc.. is very low,
but we accept. Will express Wednesday.
(Signed) H. GEBSHEL & SON. :
H. Gershel & Son is one of the leading
American firms of Ladies' Wholesale Tail
ors. No better garments are made than
they manufacture. The above extraordin
ary purchase will be here and on sale
Monday. February 3. Extra salespeope
and wrappers wanted. Apply at cioak de
partment, second floor. *
NEW YORK, Jan. 20. 1902.
Very Interesting.
the corner of Army and Bartlett streets.
She was expecting his arrival every mo
ment. The police, fearing the effects the
sad news would have on the woman, left
it to gentler tongues to tell her of her
husband's fate.
Normile had the reputation of being an
SUPEB VISORS . HEAiR OFFER
TO SELL WATER TO CITY
industrious man. ; He was about 40 'years
of age and was a native of County Clare,
Ireland. He. always bore the reputation
of being sober and always .managed to
provide for his family. Five of his eight
children are girls. The youngest is but
a babe, six months old.
GUSTAV ALLSTED. WHO SHOT AND INSTANTLY KILLED THOMAS
NORMILE ON BERNAL HEIGHTS WHILE THE 'LAST NAMED WAS
SITTING WITH THE SLAYER'S WIFE ON THE HILLSIDE.
Gtood Work of the Ger
man Ladies' Benevo
lent Society.
NOBLE WOMEN
AID THE POOR
"Do you want "to examine my foot?"
She finally admitted that in the event
of success attending Unruh in the suit
to recover the Blythe property she was to
be clothed, fed and maintained by Bald-
Win for the rest of her life. She also ad
mitted that she did not commence divorce
proceedings asainst Barnstadt until she
had gone to the ranch near Los Angeles.
She admitted also that Miss Dickey, the
nurse, who accompanies her to the court
room every day, is in the employ of
Baldwin.
Attorney Moore questioned the witness
very closely about an agreement made in
writing between Baldwin and herself and
she grew decidedly nervous. When he
asked her where the paper was, she
straightened up in her chair, shoved her
foot out and asked the attorney:
remember whether she ever complained to
her former husband. Barnstadt. whose
name ehe forgot. Also that all she got to
drink was one pint of sour claret a day.
"What h«s Baldwin promised you in case
Unruh is successful in this suit?" was asked.
"I have been promised a home."
"He. Baldwin, will furnish you with a good
<ieal more than a. home, will he not?"
"I wfll have to look up law matters before
I answer that question."
"How much money are you to net?"
"Whenever I ask lor it I get whatever I
¦want."
The witness then said that she did not
At this point Alice Edith - Dickason I
showed that she was still possessed of the
epirit -• -which has - enabled hex .to live
through enough trouble to kill an ordinary
¦woman. She turned to Judge and
said sharply:
I don't *ee what they are prying into ray i
private affairs for. It is none ot their busi- ;
ness. . r j
Judge Hunt directed her to answer the
question, but she evaded ' the issue by j
almost whispering, "I don't remember."
Up to yesttrday morning she had only
been questioned concerning her life dur
ing the lifetime of Blythe, but yesterday
she was Interrogated about her life dur
ing the last two years. Her unwilling
answers created a stir:
••Where have you been living for the last
S-ear and & ha'.f and Elnce the commencement
of this suit?' was asked.
"At Baldwin' s house at the Santa Anita
Ranch." the replied. ' .
"Whom have you been supported by during
that x>eriod?"
"Mr. Baldwin."
"During that time you have not been per
mitted to leave the ranch except at stated in
tervals?"
"I could go where I wanted and whenever I
pleased. I had a horse and buggy and drove
to Los Angples when I liked."
••But you were under surveillance all tbe
time, were you -not?" ?
'"1 do not know thai I was."
' "Have you not made complaint that you
were not given proper lood and drink?"
Alice Edith Dickason spent an uncom
fortable morning in Judge Hunt's cour,t
yesterday. She lost her temper several
times and appealed to the court In her ef
forts to evade answering the questions
of Attorney Moore, but she was directed
to answer. According to her testimony
she is now a protege of "Lucky" Bald
win and in the event of Unruh winning
the suit being tried she is to be clothed,
fed and maintained at the expense of the
millionaire for the rest of her life.
. Mrs. Preitz being confined at this time, I
thought I would write a letter to Mr. Luhn, as
he was acquainted .with my writing and . did
not seem to know hers. I received an answer
and was on the point of handing this to her
husband -who happened "to go to the postoffice
at Calistoga with me, but I asked him first
what he would do to his wife. He said. ."T
would sell all my goods and leave her." This
did not. suit me, as we did not want her on our
hands, and I kept my letter. I wrote one more
letter and Mrs. Preitz entered the room when
I finished it. I handed it to her and told her
that this was the last one I would write, as
I now had all the information I wanted: We
were at all times when alone discussing the
letters and answers to Mr. Luhn, and I often
asked her what to write or to answer to such
questions of his. We were on good terms dur
ing this whole time. Mrs. Preitz was not re
ceiving any letters from the Calistoga post
office at that time.
DEIDRICH VOX DUERIXG.
I, .D. von Duering, being first duly sworn;
depose and say that I am a resident of Lark
mead, Napa County, Cal.. and have been such
for seventeen years; .that I know Mrs. Robert
Preitz for over one year and that at her re
quest I wrote several letters to a Mr. Luhn in
St. Louis, to which the answer was - addressed
to a fictitious name in -St. Helena, ¦ and that
we went together to the postofflce and called
for and received those letters, and that Mrs.
Preitz handed them back to me for safe-keep
ing; that I then told her not to have the same
letters come to St. ¦ Helena, as the clerks would
remember the name and place those letters In
my box. "Bat why not send them, to Calls
toga in your name?" I suggested,
and • Mrs. ¦ 'Preitz - said . it would bis
the best. As by this time I was pos
itive that there was something crooked about
her relations with Mr. Luhn I took occasion tc
ask . her husband what he would do to find
these things out. He answered, "I will give a
thousand dollars to such a person."
Dear Mrs. Preitz: I received your letter
and was not at all excited over it. I have
shown every letter to my wire, knowing that
they were written by a man. That your
brother-in-law should think me sneh a cow
surprises me. . I know you never write correct
German for, you never speak correct Ger
man.- With best regards from my wife and
myself. ¦ WALTER LUHN.
Von Duering has sworn to the following
affidavit, in his defense:
¦ 'Dietrich von Duering, a.resfdent of
¦Larkmead, Napa County, was arrested at
the Calistoga postoffice 1 last Tuesday by
Postofflce Inspector Coyne on the charge
¦of opening letters addressed to Mrs. Rob
ert fr el tz, and all Calistoga's tongues are
wagging over the scandal developed by
the arrest. Von Duering furnished bonds
in the! sum of $1000 and was allowed to go
home. . . - . '*.. J
It is a case of Othello andrlago mod
ernized In some of its features. Airs.
•Preitz is the wife of Mrs. von Duering s
brother. The statement of Mrs. Preitz is
,to . the effect that Von Duering, without
'her. knowledge, has been writing letters in
her name to Waiter Luhn, an employe ot
J.'G. Westerheiae & Co., music dealers, at
St. Louis, and receiving the replies whicn
were addressed to Mr3. Preitz. Von Duer
ing intimates that Mrs. Preitz was in love
'with Luhn and that he wrote the letters
at her request and brought the replies to
her at her dictation. Von iiuering's afli
davit shows that . Mrs. Preitz's husband
was willing to pay *1000 for proof of her
infidelity.
Mrs. Preitz's story is that she and Rob
ert Preitz were married in New YorK,
May 21, 1899. and that on the following
November he left New York to take a po
sition'as steward on board the transport
Meade. He suggested that she should take
a trip to Germany and meet him at San
Francisco on his return from Manila- On
the return voyage to New YorK she made
the acquaintance of Mr. and Mrs. Luhn,
and she traveled with the Luhns as far
as St. Louis, stopping over a short time
in that city to wait for the. train that was
to take her to California. W hen she ar
hived in this city her husband took her
to Larkmead, six miles from St. Helena,
to the Von Duerings, with whom she was
to make her home. She told her husband
of the kindnesses she had received at the
hands of the Luhns, and at ner request
her husband wrote to Luhn thanking him.
"I left the letter on my dresser," con
tinues Mrs. .Preitz in her statement to
Postofflce Inspector. Coyne, "and Von
Duering found it, and then commenced to
correspond with Luhn without my knowl
edge." : . ¦. ; . .
The letters were of an amatory nature,
but the replies sent to Mrs. .Preitz were
not much more than friendly. Finally she
discovered. one' of the letters in Von Duer
ing's possession, and wrote to Luhn advis
ing him of the fact that she. had not been
writing to him.a.t all. | In reply to the let
ter of warning Luhn wrote as follows:
Sh3 Very Reluctantly Admits
That "Lucky" Baldwin .
Is Caring for Her.
Accuses Brother- in- Law of
r "Writing Love Letters in
Her Name.
SIDNEY. M. SMITH'S WILL
IS FILED FOB PROBATE
. Mrs. Normile was entirely unconscious
that anything had happened to her hus
band. She said that he had left home
early in the morning to go to work at
' During his spree with' Mrs. Allsted "and
the Vasseys Normile masqueraded under
the- name of Tom Burke. Neither the
Vasseys nor Mrs. Allsted knew his . true
name. When the Morgue officials ar
rived on the scene his identity was es
tablished by the ' linding of a Building
Trades Council membership card in his
pocket. The card indicated that he be
longed to the Hod Carriers' Union. Then
came the most painful task of all. Nor
mile's wife and her eight little children
reside at 3274 Folsom street. They had
heard nothing about the tragedy. In
order to make the identification more
complete the officers went to the Nor
mile home. They found the wife sitting
up. awaiting the arrival of ¦ her husband.
Leaves Eight Little Children.
Ghastly Sight on Hillside. z
After Ncrmile and' Mrs. Alisted had
been turned away the Vasseys went to
bed to Sleep off the effects of the wine.
So soundly d'.d they sleep .that they did
not hear the shot. They remained asleep
until Officer C. VVJ Brown and Sergeant
C\ V. Blank arrived and aroused them
by knocking on the door. Vassey ana hl.s
wife, who are both rather infirm and deaf.
bore evidence of having taken part »n a
carousal. Both were unkempt and there
was an empty claret jug under the table.
Allsted lives at 51 Hohy Park and at the
time of the shooting claims to have been
on his -way to visit a. house which he owns
on Mcntcalm street. After flring the shot
that ended Normiie's life, he ran to the
home of Dennis Foley, one of the neigh
bors, and requested him to come up the
hill as he had something to show him.
Koley a<-compa-nied the murderer and
found Normile's body still resting across
Mrs. Allsted's lower limbs, the woman
being in a sitting position and too. full of
liquor to rise. With the help of Foley,
Allsted got his wife to a standing position.
Koley dispatched his son to call the
police. When' the officers arrived on the
scene they placed both Allsted and his
wife under arrest and removed them to
the Seventeenth-street station. Both were
loath to talk about the crime. Mrs. All
sted was still under the influence of liquor
when she reached the station, and' acting
under instructions from her husband, re
fused to talk. Allsted is about 60 years of
age, while his wife is several years
younger. He was charged with murder.
The murder was the termination of an
all-day carousal. Normile and Mrs. All
sted had met in the morning at the home
of Harry Vassey, a mutual friend, who
lives on Bernai Heights. During the
day and until late in the afternoon they
diank claret with Vassey and his wife,
ana had what they itemed an enjoyable
time. When Normile and Mrs. Allsted
took their departure late in the afternoon
both were very drunk. '
When the two left Vassey' s house they
intended to go to their homes, but changed
their minds and returned. Vassey. wno
was himself intoxicated by this time, re
fused to admit them agam. so they went
out and sat down on the hills.de. not more
than forty feet from "Vassey's* door. Here
they were seated ' when' Allsted arrived
with a nrie and shot Normile.
and instantly killed last night on
the north side of Bernal Heights by Gus
tav Allsted. another laborer. The mur
der was caused by Allsted finding Nor
mile on the hillside in the company of
his wife. The bullet, which was fired
from a rifle of a very small caliber, en
tered Normile's head just behind the car
and penetrating upward through the
brain passed out through the top of the
skull. After being shot Normile fell
across -A llsted's wife, drenching her with
liis life blood.
THOMAS NORMILE, a laborer
and the father of a family of
eight, children, the eldest of whom
Is but 13 years of age, was shot
Alice Edith Dickason At
tempts to Avoid An
swering Counsel.
Straii ge Story Told by
} Mrs. Robert Preitz
of Calistoga.
ALLEGED WIDOW
GROWS WRATHY
ABREST FOLLOWS
QUEER SCANDAL
Gu-tav Ai'sted, Searching for His Helpmeet, Finds Her Sitting oh
Hillside With Thomas Normile, Both Being Intoxicated, .and
Fire's a Rifle Ball Through Head of the Woman's Companion
JEALOUS HUSBAND SLAYS WIFE'S
CONSORT IN A DRUNKEN ORGIE
12
• Opposite Golden i jfij&( J ~~^'^ r ~~ < gagi''^^Bggg
iCat; Avenue. J / ~ t -^^^^OOO 0000.^^
Market St rest, j
Near Sixth. 1
Opposite Golden I
Gats Avenue. I
)— 6
Only four shades — two of old rose,
two of reseda. That's why we are
willing to take 17c for them instead of
35c and 50c. 400 altogether; 36 inches
wide.
Worth 35c to 50c per yard.
Quite as important is this
!V\ousselinede5oie 17c
Normandy. Valenciennes and Point
de Paris, i l / 2 to 3 inches: white and
ecru Oriental, 2 l /i inches; hand-made
torchon insertion, \ X A to 1V2 inches;
black Chantilly. 2*/£ to 5 inches; white
and cream Venise insertion: also
Wash galoons," ecru and cream. i x / 2
to finches.
A fine lot of them.
Not a yard worth less than I2^c,
many" of them 15c.
Laces at 9c.
Good strong lambskin, with 2
clasps, and every size, $}£ to 7, and in
such staple shades . as tan, mode,
brown, red, gray and black.
Kid Gloves 65c.
63 inches wide; a good, firm, every-
lay quality, such as we sell at 17c— but
it's a little soiled from display during
"the reign of white." 1:
White, 62 inches wide and all linen,
reduced from 50c to 40c in osder to
attract attention to the linen counter.
White Sheeting 14c.
Fable Linens 40c.
A third of the price is drooped now
to stir up selling— 5c instead of 7j^c
Heary 7%c . V A Yv
Flannelette at 5c
A fine wrapper stuff; fleecy; printed
in pretty .colors and desiprns.
Black Angora, lined and unlined; Sil-
ver-tip Angora, lined and unlined; Black
Thibet, lined; Black and Brown Coney
edges, unlined; Black Coney bands, lined;
Gray Fox edges, unlined; Opossum and
"Wool Seal bands.
Black Thibet, lined and unlined; Black
and Silver- tip Angora; Black Astrachan
bands; Brown Bear bands; Black Bear
bands, lined; Stone Marten, lined; imita-
tion Lynx and Mink band; Coney edges,
unlined. - :v ¦ • -
23c per Yarch
48c per Yard.
Perhaps the first thing to catch your eye, as it was ours, are these
Black Coney Edges at 9c. They're unlined.
Then worthy of particular attention are these two —
Fur Trimmings.
Wiridow=Full New Ribbons
They're worth seeing. So fresh, so pretty and so plentiful.
While you are buying a ribbon why not get one that's • ,
Stylish and Original?
Cost No More Than the Common Sort.
Our way of buying keeps costs down to lowest notch.
Fancy Taffeta' Ribbon 14c— 31^
inches " wide, corded openwork
stripe, in bright shades. • We have
. just deceived them'from France.
Fancy Louisine Ribbon 21c — 4.^
inches wide, with Roman j stripes .
and bowknot border, with white,
pink, blue and lavender grounds.
A Bright Taffeta Ribbon 23c_
With a lustrous finish; has a
white corded stripe, 3^4 inches wide,
irr white, pink, blue, turquoise, na-
tional, lilac and scarlet.
A Liberty Taffeta Ribbon 29c yard
— A very pretty ribbon with a nar-
row hem— stitched edge in solid
color ground, with four rows of
narrow black and white stripes.
Colors white, pink, blue, turquoise,
lilac, scarlet and navy.
A Liberty Satin Ribbon 29c yard
— A high-grade ribbon, 3^J inches
wide, the kind that is in such de-
mand. Comes in J white, cream,
pink, blue and maize.
more t'h ip n s : >
ready-made ones. ! A Loewenthal
garment is itself a guarantee of
high quality, and is invariably
satisfactory. , Ladies; are welcome
to caii-and"inspect stock of faV-
rics, -prices,". «tc. ' '- ' . ¦ .
Between Taylor and Jones.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
WE CLOSE 1 AT 6 O'CLOCK,
i Women's Hand Crocheted and Knit-
ted Shawls at 19c.39c.69c.-89e
and: SI. 29. not a shawl among the
lot worth less than double/ .
• > Above ' gowns are made of solid ; col-
ored flannel.^ or pink or 'blue striped
flannel, trimmed with ; fancy braids or
linen lace. : , ,. . .
7Q r Women's 75c Cinderella Flannel
«J»7w Skirts, trimmed with torchon
lace.'^v.-.,,", • ,.',.' ¦'¦'¦^(.¦i r
<C| 1Q Women's $2.00 "Hand Cro-
H'.l'IO cheted Worsted Skirts.
¦These Waists are just a little mussed
from handling, otherwise' in perfect
condition. ' '. • ' • ¦'¦'.¦
rv"7 _ for regular $2.50 Franch Flannel
iJ £\* Waists, neatly trimmed with
hemstitchings and' tucks, waist lined
throughout. • - ; ...
OQ_'for regular 5100 German Flan-
¦Ji^vinel Waists, lined throughout,
not many of these left, so an eariy call
is advisable.
f.\(-, ¦. for choice • of a little, lot \ of
rrlV' • Women's Underskirts, made of
mercerized sateen, all colors, not a
skirt among them worth less than. Jl.OO.
ClC\fm for $1.25 black and whit© striped
v>S7W Mercerized. Sateen Underskirts,
made : with deep accordion plaited
'flounce and ; trimmed with' two rows of
black pinking. j ¦ .¦•.¦">
ft Q/- Women's 75c Heavy Flannel
Nightgowns. •»
*7f\ r . 'Women's' -$1.00' Heavy Flannel
, / W w Nightgowns. ' ¦ , _
; "2 K^ Children's 65c Heavy ; Flannel
J«Jv Nightgowns, sizes 2 to 14.
'/LQW Children's' $1.00 ' Heavy . Flannel
t"OI Nightgowns, sizes 2 to 14, In
pink. , blue or cream. •
We're nearing the end of
our Winter Sale. \?e only
have a few days in which to
sell the remaining goods. We
realize in order to carry no
goods over we must totally
disregard all previous prices,
and that's what we're doing
to*"dzi v^* *^* *
q?i C/\''for regular $5.00 "Women's
*pl, *~>\J Waists, made of Imported
flannels, some trimmed with hem-
stitchlngs, tuckings, point Venlse | in-
sertions and some embroidered in the
new silk * bowknot pattern, lined
throughout. . . • ¦ . , ... ¦ '¦
* irHrk-HrHr-k-k-k-Hrk-k-k-kirirk-k ••••••••••••••••••*••••*•••••
*'¦¦ ' m ' • .." ' '. - - ¦- •- i
I HUlllldlm dslll J0^% I
* The Angelus is indorsed, pur- 9^^M^W
* chased and used by Josef Hof- 7*s!iMmw *
* mann, the great pianist, in his $' ¦ *
5 home in Berlin. Mr. Hofmann *
* The Wilcox & White Co., 164 Fifth avc!, New York— J
* .. Gentlemen: I have heard the "Angelus Orchestral" for the first £
* time and am amazed at the tone and combination of this instrument: J
* It has always been my ideal to hear the short notes in connection J
J with the long ones, and it is the ambition of all intelligent pianists-to *
sustain the tone in some manner or other. This is all embodied in the J
< "Angelus Orchestral," and therefore listening to this instrument affords *
exquisite pleasure, and is a boon to all lovers of music. *
* Inclosed please find my check for ; the "Angelus Orchestral " pur- X
+ ; chased for. my. home in Berlin. You will kindly' ship 'the instrument J
* and music as soon as possible, as I want to enjoy it upon my return to *
J Berlin. Yours very truly. (Signed), JOSEF HOFMANN. J
•* '< - f, ¦. V .^.'- ; - -. , .. ; .¦..., J
* Hofmann uses the Steinway piano at his recitals, one *
* of which will be given next Friday afternoon at the Colum- *
J bia Theater. . *
J This matcliless combination— the Angelus . Orchestral *
J ¦ Piano Player and the Steinway Grand Piano— may be heard J
J at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Angelus Recital next Saturday J
* at 3 p. m.. WW> /. 1
¦ic ¦ ¦ •. i',»,i?. - ¦••¦." ¦ '-' *
J See amusement column in this paper for particulars. ' ' J
f SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. J
%. c*i • !>• t\ «' ( Cone- KtarnyadSutttr Sts., S.F. ; *
* . Steinway Piano Dealers ] . *¦
* • ( 7ll,ictond Avenue, Seattle. - ¦¦'¦ J
Hole's.
Hale's.
SPEGUL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY.
VISIT OUR STORE DURING THIS
WEEK AND SAMPLE OUR DE-
¦ LICIOUS BUCKWHEAT CAKE3.
WHICH ARE MADE FROM THE
CAPITOI, MILLS BRAND OF SELF- *#
RAISING BUCKWHEAT FLOUR. **l
EASTERN BACON, Ib I6ic
Finest Eastern sugar-cured treakfaat ba-
. con. Regularly 20c.
ORANGES, dozen-... :.-... 25c
Fancy navel oranges—guaranteea nreet.
Regularly 35c. — -
SEEDED RAISINS, 3 pkgs.... 25c
Fancy recleaned seeded ratslna.
Regularly 2 packages 25c. "
APRIGOTS, 2: lbs. -.•....... 25c
, Choice- evaporated apricots.
Regularly 20c a pound. • :*¦•*-
SALMON, 3 tins. - . . .... . . -25c
Alaska, choice pink salmon.
Regularly 2 for 25c. ••. ¦ l
New Orleans Molasses, gallon. 75c
New crop — very fancy.
.. Regularly $1.00. . . _¦ ;. . .
CLAM EXTRACT, tin........ 10b
Plsmo Packing Co.'s famous brand for
soup, chowder and fritters
Chicken Cock Whiskey, hot. — 75c
Gallon $3.00
10-year-old straight goods.
Regularly S1.00 and $4.00. .'
BEESWAX CANDLES, Ib..:... 40c
Pure beeswax candles for Candlemas.
4 to the pound. Regularly 45c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. CATA-
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN STjZZ.
\\ Offers everything connected
1 1 with the care tl the eye.
II Factory ot premises. .Quick
I j repairing/ Oculists prescriptions •
If filled. Phone Main 10.
!ite42nMARKET3TJl
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
jUfiU BKOAHWAY. N. Y.
DR.MOTJLTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN ANDRKLIABLE OLD
L Speclalistc«re.»Blood Poison, Oonorrhcea.Oleft,
8 i t i!^J°JC* 8 ' mlllttl Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Man. free.
O . v^ 20 .P n . r £'. x S e £ en^ e - T £ rnM reasonable. Hours.
9to3da11y:«:.-»to8. JOev'Ka. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul'
tatiou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. flOSCOE aicXUI/TY, 31. D.
26KRearnyst., San Francisco, Cal.
&CO.^ESV
fy '<**"¦' 1 1 ¦ i ¦ ¦iniii/y c *aV
a<o "PATENTS 7%
Weak Men and WomeD
C HOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
v* Great Mexican Remedy; gives health ani
•trength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 MarV-"
fA Loewerithall
Means a suit that flu^^ r «7/7\^
possesses the ¦..Ns^]).^ . .-';¦
best quaMties' .qf .. ¦' : '7Si!M ., .
the tailor's art— v i ¦ v /•
the best --fabric's; 7 •'• " I '
latest ;d e s i'gri*,'/ ' \
test . I i b in f s ''¦:' " | - : v lyj-S: • • /W ; •
an d;fi.n'd-..l_:_i^/|_\ ... -VN^.
ings.;, b e st .: yy.J \< Y l\^^
finish/ 'and/; CiV . m VvV^JS""^
thatcostno ~"^— .Sr •
':^ua* : ¦ : i'\ TAILOR J ••;.;>
914' MARKET St. • 5an Francisco