no_textTHREE million people down In Co
lombia want to tip over the govern
ment. One million are trying to
hold It upright.
They are fighting like cats and
dogs, those hot tempered southerners.
They scratch and claw and growl and
bark and bite. They are Sn a continuous
6taie of fight the year round, and no man
is able to soothe them. Fighting is their
regular dissipation and they dissipate eV-
ery day of thel/ lives. They are on a
steady debauch of temper.
Some people wonder if either side knows
what it wants.
A young man, a native Colombian who
had been educated in the United States,
and who was an officer in the Liberal
army last year, gave this explanation of
the affair the other day. It is from the
Liberals' point of view.
"You want to know about the revolu
tion? I am glad to tell you; I am always
glad to have Americans know what their
,«rtster republic, Colombia, Is suffering In.
the cause of liberty and civilization,
"Colombia* has a population of four mil
lion*; three millions are Liberals, although
not op&ly. -^ ' ' -
- "The i Historic party Is now In " power.
Doctor Jose - Manuel Marroquln Is tho
President, and has been since 1900.
"The Historic party took advantage of
the war between the Liberals and the Na
tionalists, or Conservatives, that year,
and put themselves at the; head of th*
Government; now the other parties have
combined against the ¦ Historic Since
February 3, 1300, there have been 237 com
bats, over 30,000 killed and $62,000,000 spent.
"Last year, on the 21st of July.- over 600
people were killed . here ¦ in - Panama, • but
the English Government does not '.allow
any fish ting now within twelve • miles . of ,
• the city.
"What has England to do with-it? -A
great deal. She protects her 3000 Jamaican
subjects. It was England who saved the
city from pestilence last year by send
ing marines from the warships to burn
the bodies. The people had fled in terror.
for mj* freedom as long as I remain In the
country, and, of course, I am expected to
keep the peace. . . . - . . ¦
• • •
Panama is the gateway of the world,
yet • the old city remains distinctively
Spanish, and for the most part of ancient
civilization. Progress passes through
Panama and leaves but little Impression
In transit, while the record of lost hopes
and many lives Is seen on every hand..
And In no place \ is It more evident than
along the Panama canal. \
- In going from Panama to Colon on the
railroad ' forty-seven miles, one sees miles
of abandoned machinery, and evidence of
millions of dollars spent carelessly and
criminally, too; for hundreds of contracts
were let that no one ever pretended • to
fulfill. The canal is finished twelve miles
. from the Pacific side, and twenty miles
from the Atlantic, at a cost, the Colom
bians will tell you, of $120,000,000, and 850
men to the mile. Fever has stricken them
as they worked. Work is now going on
at* the highest point, "Culebra cut"; 157
feet out of 860 feet are now. through. It
. Is the most * expensive part - of the work,
for the hill Is of hard porphyry.
In the neighborhood of "Culebra" are
-to be constructed seven artificial lakes, or
locks, that will be fed by the water from
- the "deadly Chagres River," - and hun
dreds of small streams besides. The
canal Is 500 feet wide and . 40 feet deep,
and ' this means that much water is
needed. >
¦ - "If | the - Americans will only come and
finish the canal, Colombia will be saved
and civilized," is the cry heard from one
end • of ' the isthmus to the other, from
foreigners and natives alike. It makes an
American puff mightily to hear through
'The best landing place and wharf on
the Pacific - Ocean in Central America is
the wharf at La Boca, the terminus of
tne canal. Here airfreight is landed for
the Panama .Canal Company and the
Darien Gold Mining Company. Not far
away Is the large warehouse of the canal
company. It contains all kinds of dredg
ing machinery, boats and old iron, all in
a state of dilapidation. On the hillside is
the "French village," where the work
lngmen used to live. - The houses are well
built, with high stone, foundations, and.
must have-been an object lesson in thrift
and sanitation to the people of Panama.
But now the desolation' Is depressing.
The only mark of French progress Is the
fine hospital, the only one in Panama.
It is well kept and the grounds are the
most beautiful in the environs of the
city. A mile away from the French vil
lage Is the De Lesseps mansion three
stories, overlooking a magnificent ter
raced garden and Panama Bay. Sitting
on the wide porch, breathing the delicious
air and looking down over the beautiful
tropical garden to the blue water of the
bay, smooth as a mirror, reflecting the
islands covered with luxuriant foliage
from the water's edge to their summits,
it was easy to see how the old man
dreamed dreams too wonderful to be
realized.. To-day four native families,
¦ with a swarm of twenty-two unclean
children, desecrate the old mansion.
The town of Panama, which lies wait
ing for that dim good fortune in store,
was the first place we. visited on our trip.
It is somewhat of a might-have-been
somewhat of a may-yet-be.
As we approached:.
' "Laik a boat, ladies: laik a boat to Pa
nama?" called the Jamaican boatmen
Chinese, Jamaicans, ' English. Germans
and French, who came into the country
during the Panama canal boom. All
commerce i3 in the hands of foreigners.
The Chinese have the best stores and
are liked the best. As a nondescript citi
zen on the street put It, "The Chinese are
honest traders and accommodating. A
poor man can take 10 cents to a China
man's store and buy ten different arti
cles, while a Colombian would sell him
only two, and no other foreigner here
would make change under 10 cents." .
Facing the four sides of the plaza are
blocks of two and three story buildings,
built In the eighties, the flourishing
times. They are mostly business houses.
One, called: the Bishop's house, is espe
cially imposing. It is three stores high;
on the roof is a large gilded cross that
gleams afar in the dazzling morning sun
shine; the third story has a figure, heroic
size, of "Joseph holding the Infant
Jesus": the second story has a balcony,
and over the ornate railing hang vines
and brilliantly colored flowers.
The old cathedral faces the plaza. It
Is the most Imposing edifice in Panama,
covering a block. It was established In
1575, three years after the present site of
Panama was occupied. The large stone
pillars rise sixty feet from the flagged
floor and are surmounted by a dome
twenty feet higher. • Two towers on the
north end rise another eighty feet and
are good lookout towers in times of in
surrection. There are. seven altars and
eeveral good pictures. One masterpiece
in oil, life size, is "The Flight Into
Egypt." The north and east sides are
lined with ordinary tombstones of mar
ble and granite, memorials of wealthy
citizens.
Panama Is full of Interesting ruins of
old churches, towers" and walls. The
kodak fiend Is satisfied. One old ruin, the
Santa Domingo Church, has a "square"
arch that is a great curiosity to all tour
ists. It is considered a great feat in
architecture for the old Spanish fathers
to have accomplished.
Going through the plaza we met a Pan
ama belle, dressed In the gala attire
of a feast day. She was so pretty and
picturesque that we found an excuse for
talking with her. She had no historical
knowledge. She couldn't tell a thing
about the ancient days of Panama; but.
to-morrow; they will be inspected Dy th«
Governor, and will doubtless be allowed
to go."
"Well, get them right over to the Gov
ernor's house and send them along."
"No, senor; it is impossible, the Gover
nor Is having his siesta at this hour of
the day. He will see the telegrams to
morrow. It Is because of the revolution."
We stopped in at a girls' school. Em
broidery and drawn work were all that
appeared to be taught. The teachers,
one a Colombian, the other a Jamaican
mulatto, didn't know anything concern-
Ing the revolution or the history of Pan
ama. They only knew that the first thing
the Government did when it wished to
economize was to stop the public schools.
The teachers looked comparatively Intel
ligent tind were neatly dressed, but bare
footed.
Later, upon leaving the market, wa
were pursued by eight men, each driv
ing a scrawny pony hitched to a sort of
clumsy double phaeton. When we stop
ped the whole procession came to a halt:
if we turned back a block they all fol
lowed. Finally a Jamaican persuaded us
to take his carriage by telling us that he
was an "object of the Queen" and could
speak English. He was shocked to hear
of the great lady's death.
We drove to the cemeteries, six of them
—the Colombian, the Chinese and the.
French. Bach nationality has two, for
the law compels all bodies to be placed
for eighteen months in a field, after which
they are removed to the cemetery oppo
site; here are found the monuments and
the tombs. The Panama people have a
.strange custom. A family will own a plat
large enough for the grave of the vona
who dies first; the other members of tha
family are placed In due time over this
grave, each one occupying a separata
brick or stone apartment built over the
preceding one. These tombs are more or
less imposing, according to the size of
"Jose Manuel's" family.
Funerals are largely attended, but there
Is no display about them, for all citizens
are borne to the field in the same coffin
known as the coffin of the municipality "
The drive to old Panama Is beautiful
Luxuriant tropical foliage lines the road
The old ruins and old wall3 tell the drai
matlc story of a peaceable people, well
established, driven from their homes by
the raids of that famous pirate. John Mor
gan. . One tower of the old cathedral Is
still standing. So much debris has col
lected on top that large shrubs and a tan
gle of vines are thriving there.
What' story will the ruins of new Pa
nama tell in the ages to come?
abbie f. pmmpa, j
and the authorities would not bury the
dead.
"Fighting. Is going on constantly now.
Each State has over 200 guerrillas." *
"What was accomplished by last year's
revolution?" was asked. ..
"Nothing for the Liberal party except
by educating public opinion. It was too
bad, for we all but won .out. It was this
way: . -.
"On th© 3d of February, 2300 volunteers
under , General Porras left Chiriqui to
march to Panama. They took every vil
lage and town and expected to take Pan
ama so easily. that the soldiers, being un
disciplined, got drunk, and when we came
upon the entrenched Goverment troops at
the railroad station we were overcome and
had to surrender."
"And you officers got away with your
heads?"
"Yes, the Government was very good
about that. "I have to pay $100 a month
the Central American countries how stan
dards of business, progress and civiliza
tion are based upon those of the United
States. American money is preferred to
the currency of other countries. One does
not need to trouble about exchange, for
all articles are sold at "so much of the
currency of the country, or so much Am
erican gold."
. The ride in the train across . the Isth
mus Is an experience that an -American
woman would not care to repeat. The
round trip costs- $20 Colombian or $10
American "gold. That is first class, yet
the accommodations are not equal to
those Of a second class smoking car. in
the United States. 1 It Ms virtually 'a
smoking car • in fact, for men, women
and- children smoke, all? around one the
day through.- The canal and the tropical
foliage mitigate the tedlousness of fre
quent stops and the close, ill-smelling
car, or one could not enduroJt.. ti'.Vi >
Quaint Life and customs In THIS odd
Cfty of ths Isthmus.
lest we should be disappointed, sha
naively told us In the prettiest Spanish
and In a voice that rivaled Bernhardt s In
sweetness that this was the plaza and
that the music stand; in the evening the
band would play and all the people would
gather to listen to the music and to visit;
along that walk the senoritas would go,
along this one the caballos; they would
look at each other and ¦ smile, and it
•would be very nice.*
The large dining-room of the hotel, with
its stone floor, high ceiling, latticed win
dows giving a subdued restful light after
the hot glare of the street, seemed very
inviting. We enjoyed the 12 o'clock break
fast and were about to depart greatly re
freshed, when, -attracted by the scurry-
Ing of small feet, we looked at an ad
joining table and saw several mice play-
Ing about. "Look at the mice!" exclaimed
one of the party.
"Yes, they belong to the house," non
chalantly answered the waiter. "But see.
they are now on the table eating tha
bread!"
"Yes, like people, they must eat."
"We next wended our way through
crooked streets and past various smells to
the telegraph office, where It took us forty
minutes to send into the next State two
telegrams containing four words each and.
costing $7 60 apiece. Colombian currency —
about 53 50 American money. It took all
this time to hunt up th« directions, and
get the change. We were about to go la
peace when, ono of ths Americans or tha
party said:
"You'll send the telegrams right away?
Get them off Boon."
"Ob. no, senor; they will not ro rmtfl
from the steamer's side. The broad Eng
lish a's In their speech jangled; they were
out of harmony with the melodious negro
voices. * .
After forty minutes' rowing we came
upon a Venetian scene. The windows of
the barracks, prison and houses look
down, at full tide, -upon a fleet of row
boats and sailboats The bright colored
dress of the boatmen, the snatches of
songs and the musical calls helped the
Illusion. Skillfully tne boat was pushed
along tothe-one landing place of Pana
ma, a flight of stone steps leading to the
water's edge. - '
Passing through a dimly lighted," stone
•arched. corridor, wo. were instantly trans
ported from Venice to Seville In the days
.of Columbus.,. The narrow cobbled street,
lined with- low, adobe houses of tiled
roofs; the motley half-clad crowd of na-.
Uves, bearing burdens of fruit or laun
dry on their heads, and the little carts
with clumsy wooden wheels drawn by
small horses or mules made a picture one
could. hardly believe belonged* to the twen-<
tieth century. ' The street leads to the
market, a large shedlike building cover
ing a block, where every one goes in the
early morning for the. day's supplies.
The Witch of Endor sat flat on the
stone flags at the entrance of the mar
ket,-selling cigarettes and telling for
tunes; black wisps of unkempt hair fell
over her shriveled. face, yellow as parch
ment. Like all the others, she expected
to make a good thing out of the foreign
ers," and leered as she held up her pack
ages enticingly. — - ¦-
Out of a population of 15,000 Panama
has only SOOO Colombians. The rest are
THE SUNDAY CALL
2When I looked -around after my" con
versation with the Job hunter I saw that
the* corridors were beginning to 'fill with
the people who _ are always "on - hand to
:¦¦¦;¦ f:-, ¦ " - ' : ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦
black and gold. I could tell that nothlnr
that went on or came out of that door
would escape his attention.
I felt as If I was a part of the Mayor's
office, by this tima, so -I slipped out and
said to the great big unwieldy man as h*
waited, "Are you waiting for any one?"-
His. hands came out of .his pockets and
he said slowly: "Me name is Boyle and
I worked for him over In the Potrerb. I
took him through the gas .works. He
won out big there, ye know. I had to
buck agin all that crowd for Wells. I
keep a saloon over there, ye see? Yes "
as hev saw I was ready to ask another
question; "I was thlnkin' of. the Board
of Public Works. I guess he'll put in a
good many there." I knew I was inter
viewing the office-seeker, the real thing,
so I told him that I hoped he'd get what
he wanted. I saw him twice again
through the day.. The first time he had
ventured to the door and was leaning
over the red velvet counter. The second
he had reached the secretary's big office
and was sitting there; in" a big chair la
the attitude of a man to whom! the min
utes are hours.
The words of a' weak-voiced Irish
woman who stood leaning on the red vel
vet -covered counter \ in ! the anteroom
struck my ear. She was clad in rusty
black and wore a veil that failed to be
beautifying. "Is Mayor Phelan in?" she
asked. And then I knew \ she was not a
politician, or she would .have known' the
ins and outs better. "He is not the Mayor
now," said the polite corporal. "Oh,
shure I tought he was. Ah, now, that's
too bad. Well, can yez tell me if there's
anny money in the treasury? I hev a
bill agin it." She was sent to the Audi
tor's office, and she. had hardly got out
of the door when a tall suffrage looking
female brushed in, walked through the
big office, took | a good look at - the j new
members and the Mayor, who happened
to be in there, and walked out again. As
the door. opened -for. her to pass out I
caught a glimpse of a burly form leaning
ar-ainst the window embrasure that was
exactly opposite the door of the offlco
that has the sign "Mayor" above it in
I saw the blue cap of Corporal Williams
* the door and I. went out to visit with
him while I wae waiting .for all the dig
nitaries to go upstairs for the most pub
lic event of the day— the reading by the
Mayor of his inaugural address in the
Supervisors' assembly room.
As I went out into the anteroom I
heard Walter E. Trefts, the rosy cheeked
young stenographer and ' assistant secre
tary to the Mayor, 'say to a visitor, "II
wouldn't be a bad idea for the city to
order a new typewriter, for I expect to"
have very important work during this
administration." *
The man of savoir faire of the crowd,
and who has more medical degrees than
he knows what to do with. Is Dr. J. W.
Ward, the new member of the Board of
Health. . By the way, this gentleman did
not arrive until 12:30 and had a private
presentation and the honor of receiving
his credentials j from the Mayor alone.
- There was straightforward Casey, the
new Commissioner of Public Works, whom
ex-Mayor Phelan remarked that he liked,
and who has a grip of the hand that is
like Iron. Thomas F. Boyle. Election
Commissioner, was a. type of the nervous,
clean cut business man, and his, opposite
was Harry W. Hutton. Police Commis
sioner, a comfortable looking man, yet
with an alert expression of face. There
was he of the name, Louis J. Ohnimus,
Civil Service Commissioner, whom stran
gers who are anxious to get his name
right call "Mr. Anonymous."
John S. Parry, the new Fire Commis
sioner, looks to be a positive sort of a big
fellow, and found the first fault with the
new offices by remarking as Tie started
to sign his bond: "Looks. like that desk
has been vacant for some time: there's no
ink." - 1
Roncovieri is a musician also, the resem
blance does nfct come amiss.
The little body of men who stood be
fore the city's chief executive were of
widely different types. Alfred Roncovierf,
School Director, and A. Altmann could
run a close race on the score of good
looks, and Roncovieri looks enough like
John Philip Sousa to be his double. As
The new Mayor got behind the broad
central desk and received the .Commis
sioners and secretaries who stood in aa
informal group before it. with an inter
ested background of newspaper men and
artists, each one busy. He made a grace
ful little address, well delivered in a
round, full voice, to the new officers. The
Mayor then presented them with their
credentials. H. W. Hutton of the Police
Commission made a little speech, assur
ing the Mayor that all the new appointees
would work together with his Honor for
the good of tlie city and the new admin
istration. A general handshake all around
followed and this important part of the
day's ceremonial was over.
title after this.
Then the usher came in with a bunch
of telegrams, among them one with the
cor.frratulatlcns of Mayor Snyder of Los
Ang-eies, and asked if the Mayor was
ready to receive the new Commissioners
and other appointees. After him came
Charlie Fay, the retiring Mayor's clerk,
who got a new office almost before he
lost his old one. to pay his respects. He
loohed as well groomed as a racer. May
or Phelan, who was fashionably late,
cetne in a moment later looking the man
of the v.-orld as usual and as happy as If
he would not have to put an X before his
I bethought me that I ought to make
the most of my privilege of being the
Mayor's companion, so I meandered In
and found him sitting at a desk that be
longed to Mayor Sutro (for the late May
or had taken his desk with him) looking
over his inaugural address. All of his
swearing business had been done before
when he filed his bond. He looked well
at his post of office, like a handsome and,
above all, an honest man. I remembered
as I looked at him that a fortune teller
once told me that a large nose was a
sign of executive ability and aggressive
ness. The Mayor has the nose and, I
think, the ability. I asked him later how
the first day as Mayor seemed to him as
far as It had gone. He replied, "Oh.
much the same as other days." That was
the only thing that I heard him say dur
ing the day that was not entirely nat
ural, and I felt like the boy who did not
say much but thought a heap. Inquiries
and cards were coming In all this time
and the desk was growing to look more
and more like a conservatory. To crown
it all, a photographer came in and took
a picture of his Honor sitting amid the
blossoms.
George W. Knox,' the oldest notary in
Ben Francisco, took his .seat behind the
big table and then the hew commission
ers and other appointees who had been
in to extend their congratulations to the
Mayor filed up to swear that they would
support' the constitution and perform the
dutjps of their offices to the best of their
ability. There was not an alarming
amount of formality about the operation,
v.nich was superintended by Abe Ruef,
Thomas Bannerman of the Empire State
Surety Company and George B. Keane.
the quiet young man who will write
autographs and give handshakes for the
Mayor as his private secretary. Every
little while a small procession of con
gTatulatory callers would file through to
the Mayor's private office, headed by a
little dark man who wore diamonds. This
•was Marcus Blum, the new usher to the
Mayor. He is a musician alsb and leads
his own band, and he whispered to me
confidentially during one of the lulls of
the day: "I will keep on with the band
just the came. I told the Mayor when I
•was appointed that this would be sec
ondary- I have had a band here for
twenty years."
In the interval I began to look around
to see what the material of the new of
ficial family was made of. It was ail
rev. I could see that, and some of It
pretty good looking. I caught all the
portraits cf the various Mayors on the
iva!!s Jcokins: down on the scene, and it
reem^d to me as if they had a surprised
expression on their faces. But the living
pictures around me interested me more.
People began to eift into the big office
of the private secretary and soon the
business cf the day was well on.
If you don't believe it you should have
gone to spend the first official day with
his Honor Mayer Schmitz, as I did. He
entered the doors of the executive cham
bers ast promptly as an orchestra at 9
o'clock on Wednesday morning, January
8, 1902. There were nothing but new
faces there to greet him. There was one
relic of the old administration out in the
anteroom. Police Corporal W. H. Wil
liams, for six years an important fixture
In the Mayor's office — but everybody
knows him. The Mayor came into office
with a cold and nobody could relieve him
of ft. though we all did the best we
could. Some of his official family in the
persons of several newly appointed com
missioners were there to greet him, and
then Abe Ruef. the hardest worked attor
rey in town, came and went Into the
Llaycr's private chamber to congratulate
him and recommend something for his
cold. That meant at least fifteen min
utes of closed doors. ICo one else was In
there but the Mayor's cold.
TO be the brand new, much-discussed
Mayor of a big city like San
Francisco on the first day of a new
administration would seem like a
plcnlc^to most people. That is, in
anticipation. In reality it calls for much
work and a good deal of moral courage.
I always had an idea that the most
arduous duties of the Mayor's first day
In office were to eit in a velvet chair and
receive the salaams of his friends. If
any on© knows who his friends are in
politics.
But in truth the Mayor's first day in
office means to him a processional, stand
up tort of a day, the reception of a con
tinuous "hot air club," speeches ad ln
finitum, lots of flowers, piles of letters
and telegrams with "Hon." or Mayor on
them in capitals, reminders from waiting
friends (?) and Incidentally a good deal
of sub rosa gossip, complimentary and
otherwise, concerning himself. That is
the surface, but of course there's a lot
underneath it all.
By Alfred Dezendorf.
A Sunday Call Reporter
Spsnds Several Inter
esting Hours in Com
pany With the City's
Chief Executive and
Writes of Incidents
Odd and Unique.
As the Mayor was going through the cor
ridor on the return to his chambers a wom
an right behind his back remarked, "That
man will be the idol of the people." After
all, the Mayor, has had a varied experi
ence—much practice as a musician^ much
hardship in the Klondike (where he went
with Kbncovieri), much theory as a stu
dent of medicine and much victory as a
candidate. I was reminded of the medical
Btunt when he sa'd in regard to his in
augural address, "No." I never get nervous.
I could have performed an operation at
the same time." " _'' •
All the afternoon there were more pro-
Somehow or other with the railing in
front of him and the outline of his hair
done a la pompadour I felt as if he were
going to wave a baton. But he didn't,
and when, with graceful manner, he got
into his well delivered ¦ address-, I . knew .
that^ many of his qualities were positive
ones^ and that his convictions .were his
own, at least as yet. There were a good
many pompadoured heads scattered
around, and it was too bad that there
was not a fanfare of oboes or trombones
when the executive came in. But the ap
plause he received made up any lack.
Former Mayor Alvord was a prominent
figure swoons the listeners, and he looked
almost as interested as did Abe Ruef, the
new Mayor's attorney. He looked as if
he wouldn't have missed it for anything.
The retiring Mayor was playing the dev
il's tattoo" a good deal on the' desk in
front of him at certain points in his Hon
or's speech, and I decided I would rather
not be the outgoing one, at i?ast not on
the first day. The photographers were
there with their batteries at close range,
and after the close of these ceremonies
they followed his Honor almost to the
luncheon taole. The luncheon was not
flavored with politics. It was rather the
gathering of a small family and the re
counting of the happenings of a red let
ter day for one of the members. Every
one called the Mayor "Gene,'.' whereat
he looked as pleased as Punch. *
with attention as Mr. Thelan \ read his
well-worded valedictory and threw bou
quets until he got to the words, "the re
tiring J Mayor," when some scion of tha
people in" the gallery yelled "Good-by."
But the 'calcium light of public in
terest was all turned on one fig
ure, that of the new Mayor, as he
rose to make his declaration, of pol
icy and good will, with Its note jj of
peace and consideration for the employer
and wage-earner alike. .The politi
cal significance of the opening utterances
on the . threshold of this "musical admin
istration" which is not to be "a one-man
government" was very great, of course,
but the men of the dallies were making
the most, and more, of all that, so I let
nay attention turn wholly to the Mayor
and his characteristics. When he stood
up he completely overshadowed his pre
decessor. 1
And so. the clock hands moved around
to the hour of 5, and promptly on the
minute the handsome Mayor left the City
Hall, bound toward the rest of home after
hia first busy day in office.
In the meantime the afternoon shadows
were making the big rooms look gray, the
stream of callers was growing- less, and
in the Mayor's private office on© might
have a chance for a few words with him.
Work was piling up before him for the
morrow, and his signature was In demand
not a few times. He seemed by this ume
to be the most thoroughly at home of all
those surrounding him, as if he had ex
ercised the many special privileges to
which he was entitled as Mayor for many
years. His faithful lieutenant, Abe .Ruef.
moved briskly in and out, stopping" of ten
for a "give and take" sort of chat.
The newness of the atmosphere was full
of these little incidents, and in the ante
room Corporal "Williams, who, as he told '
me himself. ¦• has- been-\**twenty-f our years
on the force and never the scratch of a pen <
against him," was having hia hands full.
"But there's nothing new about this; wa
have these things every day." h© said, as
he came out second best from a conversa
tion with a little wizened woman who was
in the wrong office and for the steenth
time. "When I come here to sea the
Mayor, and I ask to see the Mayor. I
wish to see the Mayor. It*» maybe you
won't be here always, and It's a good
thing if you wouldn't." That was her
parting shot. There were many charity
applicants, and a pathetic one was an old
woman who said, with a sob In her voice,
"I have worked as long as I can, and
now I have no one but myself and I must
go to the Almshouse. Will th» Mayor
send me there?" James Broadle. tha dis
tinguished looking colored gentleman who
was messenger under the old administra
tion, slid in and got his clothes from th«
closet, and that was another old land
mark finally missing.
A sandy looking young man with a
candy mustache was waiting, hoping that
he could get "something to do around the
schoolhouses— anything he could do." Out
in the anteroom a man told the corporal.
""Well. I've done a heap for him and I
don't want him to forget me." An Italian
fruit dealer out in the corridor remarked
to one of the Supervisors, "Ah, ha!
Echmectz, he playa do violin; he *"«>•«
all you Supervlsores dance !*,".-,
cessions through the bfgr cfflco to th«
Mayor's private office. The Board of Pub.
lie Works, with tha heads of the different
departments, came to .extend their felici
tations. The Election Commission also
arrived, and the Police Commission, head
ed by Chief Wittman, whose uniform gave
a little touch of color to the scene. Prom
inent men In groups called; office-seeker*
of all grades, who have waylaid the*
Mayor for many weeks, got bolder in tha
afternoon and drifted in, and were hard
to get out.
see a public, function cf any "sort; the
plain, comers out of curiosity, the graft
ers,-the "must be rewarded," the musi
cians, the kid glove gentry and the labor-
Ing men. They; were all represented- The
procession . was an informal one that
made Its way from the Mayor's office up
to the assembly room, which
was packed to . greet the retiring- and the
Incoming executives as. they ascended the
platform 'together. Then, as they say In
the accounts j of the political \ powwows
and prizefights, "the applause was deaf
ening," The retiring, members of the
board did the handsome escorting the
new members to their seats and gave
them their personal support by sitting
With them during the session..
There were only two ladies to watch the
proceedings and approve of the • inaug
ural utterances of the new Mayor.- One
of them was Mrs. d'Ancona, who wore a
big picture hat and sat by Abe Ruef In
the best place in the whole' room to see
the Mayor's face. The other was Mrs.
Mary Lynde Craig, counselor at law, and
wife of Scipio Craig of the Redlands Cit
rograph, and she sat by me and reported
the proceedings. -Mrs. d'Ancona was there
both from interest and principle, for she
has never missed a meeting of the board
since her husband was made Supervisor.
There were all types of men in the gal
lery, from a face as clear cut as that of
Washington, to that of a, man who looked
as if he drank a stein of beer, for every
nickel he could get. -JThey all listened
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S FIRST DAY IN OFFICE.
THE SUNDAY CALL.PITIFUL LIVES LED BY THE LITTLE
WOMEN OF INDIA'S FAMINE DISTRICT
4
THE, SUNDAY CALL.
These two meals are as strictly vege
tarian as up-to-date Christendom could
desire. For ages It has been against all
the sacred laws of the Hindoo religion
to eat that which has had life. So these
children come to the mission with preju
dice that is born and bred against a meat
diet. Even though they get rid of the
religion's command, they still loathe the
idea of eating meat, and as. the prejudice
fits In very neatly with the exigencies of
the hot climate, they are allowed to go
on 'their vegetarian way rejoicing.
Consequently their twelve dollars covers
the cost of a year's food. This means raw
food: the girls living in the barracks make
their own loaves of unleavened bread
from the grain furnished them, and cook
their own vegetables. They live for the
wSS ,C? n rlce and millet: * nce » n »
TW 6 a wheat tr *at.
t "° ¦• any gg^ggg Can «*} on as Ilt 
*£&••?* h s ea8 tn Pretend to
'or* a«?r*u keleton * and 1 lhey Uv *<* to
7Jle glrjs u^ite on tw<J
««« ;. l ls true what r^r?' A "<
, angrijy. man Went a«
H iff i^^gpi
This was a verv riiJT- whole <j a y.
;u^ub.r O o (S .iw,i,:i wlll(MIsa8a .
«'D. ah« moaned.
r e Vei God>o ' too - Toamustsitdo 
re en » 6 me ""^ y ° U have P ra y ed and
Ladurl eat down and it was not Ions
before she had brought herself to a state
of kneeling repentance.
She was only seven years old ahi"
prayed with a zeal that was. too bis for
her. Her prayer was dictated alone by
her own gmall contrite heart.
"O Lord, bless my Miss Sahib." sho
groaned, rocking in an ecstacy of rellg
,. ious fervor. "She has punished me. to be
sure, but ahe did It to save me from tho
bad place. And bless "me. Forgive' me
for stealing the pice. I know I 'shouldn't
have done It. O Lord, but I couldn't help
it. . My fingers Just Itched for them when
first I looked upon them. But now I urn
Borry' O Lord, please give me the "wisdom
of Solomon. Amen.'V ... . .
I I IFTEEN DOLLARS will support a
V\ little girl for a whole year. "
fj^ There are five hundred of her.
The Indian famine has passed her
by. Perhaps It had been a kinder
famine had it snatched her up along with
.-', her' protectors. .'...'
; Out in the terrible Agrra district, where
the sun raec3 for twelve months out of
the twelve and the famine and .drought
J| stare you In the face and now and then
the plapue sweeps down' and lays waste
there are live hundred little girls waiting
kee°n ffil do ! lars «PH*e which will
..badenoupj, xnai *. and the vili asea are ,
ilSlliiiiiPilli
aIni lo lift i m> and * Is " 1 ? lJld b e mis
J" 1 " 81 return , 68 - S he arl ' Peop ' e '« the
eh o«ld not bJ° a sim »'e vrnf lhat 'hey
v lded. Tk * for the «ri r i. .
•«•« buiu of. ' *" ">« native hut 3
"1 m:h could prod u « Th, . Vem " aUo "
morals and manners went to the demnl
tlon bow-wow, and left them In a state
pretty close to that or savage man So
when these little widows dragged their'
poor little skins and bones to the mission
they bad to be tubbed and scrubbed every
minute that they weren't being- fed.
The barracks offer them much the same
kind of accommodation that they have
been used to without dirt. Here hundreds
of them can be sheltered while they are
attending school.
The fchool Is a big stone building that
¦was erected during the height of the
famine. The work done In Its building
supported nfty native families during the
scige. Here are seven great classrooms
for the girls. All this involves another
expense— that of tchool books. "< \
Two dollars for dress are eone from the
fifteen. That leaves thirteen. The school
books, pencils, paper and slates paid for
will leave about a dozen dollars.
These, one a month, must feed the lit
tle widows.
They don't eat much, according to our
way of thinking. Two meals a day is •
high living for them.' so high that they
have to get used to.lt gradually In order
to stand off the gout It was good luck
to them to have one a day in their own
mud huts.
Bu Sarah Comstock.SHAKESFEARE IS BECOMING FASHIONABLE AGAIN.
PREDERICK WARDE is with
] us once more. . That means more
of the legitimate.
We ought to be learning or re
learning a good deal about Shake
speare these days. The past two weeks of
Modjeska and James have kept the dust
from gathering on our Shakespeare-vol
umes: and here, to follow up this matter
of our' classical education, comes our "old
friend with "Julius Caesar" and "King
Lear" "in his repertoire. .
They say. in the East that Shakespeare
is becoming fashionable again. To be
sure, we have not seen the swagger mod
ern productions of the old playwright's
works. Maude Adams kept her Juliet
for the exclusiveness of New. .York, Soth-
em's Hamlet never gave us a chance to
quarrel, no more did Nat Goodwin put ua
down on his route. for "The Merchant of
Venice."' But the old ones who have stood
loyally by the Avon-; gentleman, .', even
through the years when he was on his up
pers—they: do not consider us too remote
to be "visited. So, although we may; not
have Shakespeare up-to-date, still ; . we
have him. :--.. ¦ "¦:-¦'"- ¦.-.¦¦-: ' - ¦-.:-, , ...- ;¦' ¦,
VWarde is the same Shakespeare disciple
that he always was. -He has clung to his
ideal through feast and famine. He has
played 1 Shakespeare and I lectured oh
Shakespeare — he has preached him and
studied him and worshiped him. .
He reaches out every once in a while to
take i in some < less ; classical drama, f but
they | are side issues. ; He , has encouraged
modern playwrights a great many times.
He produced "Runnymede," by 'William
Greer Harrison; "The Lion's Mouth," by
Henry Guy Carleton; "Gaston ¦ Cartel," by
Delia Logan— these are only "a few of the
recent works; but note that of the four
plays which .he announces for San Fran
cisco— "Julius -: v Caesar," "The Mounte
bank," ' "Virginius", and ; "King Lear"—
half of the four, are Shakespearean pro
ductions. CVVarde has lost money year
after year for the sake of that Avon bard,
but he: is at it again, and now that fash
ion has come round j to him .once more
there may be more money in. the venture.
¦. 'He isr said to, have two beauties to help.
Beauty Is a large consideration at the box
office. The ladies this year are Antoinette
Ashton, * leading .'-woman;.., and Virginia
Drew Trescott, a stunning brunette who
used to play , with Lewis Morrison.
*jpt N" interesting letter from an art
f I student in Paris tells all about
f— I how the American devotees to
V, I brush and palette celebrated their
JL Thanksgiving dinner in the Amer
ican association for the benefit of our
students In Paris. "We had arranged for
some good old American sports, a game
of football, one "of baseball and some
races, for Thanksgiving, but our "hearts
were not entirely in it, for most of us
felt like strangers in a strange land with
only a prospect of a lonesome old dinner
in view with nothing to brighten it but a
mental vision of the folks at home hav
ing a big time with turkey and cran
berry. Guess most of us had pretty se
vere attacks of blues about that time,
and it is hard to tell what kind of a day
we would have put in If that consignment
from the Art Students' League in New
York hadn't come as a message from the
old Stars and Stripes. They sent us a
number of real American turkeys. Lord
love 'em. and I tell you we all felt Da
trlotic enough when we saw those' na
tional birds. When the day came at last
It stormed so that we let the games go
and gave ourselves to the feastr and what
a time we had! Before the birds were
dressed and ready to be* roasted all of
us who were present grouped ourselves
on the walk In front of the kitchen and
had a photograph taken together with
the turkeys; later the tables were ar
ranged in the parlor and committee room
and the hundred hungry fellows who sat
down to them were as typical a Thanks
giving gathering as could be found. How
we did eat. and how we cheered when a
monstrous brown turkey was brought in
and set before the President! We hail
cranberry sauce, sweet potatoes and
green corn, too. You tell, that to any of
the fellows who have lived here and they
will know what efforts were made to se
cure that menu. Some of the girls sent
a quantity of pies, mince, pumpkin, lemon
and apple, ana you can Imagine that they
were Riven a vote of thanks. Almost
every toast presented during the dinner
was to those dear pie-senders. After the
dinner we Just sat around the table and
gang every American song we knew;
some of us recited, and when we raked
up all the old college chants it made a
regular American day in every detail."
The same letter tells of a dramatic club
that was organized and how, by the aid
of some of the young lady students, a
performance was given with much suc
cess, socially, dramatically and finan
cially.
A small theater was hired for the occa
sion and an orchestra was composed of
American members. The \ letter says:
"Everybody came and it was good to see
an American audience once more, and to
feel that each clap of applause was not
paid for at so much per clap. During the
evening one or ,. two Frenchmen strayed
in somehow or other, and their surprise
and consternation were comical to behoM
when they saw the strange audience,
which was seemingly all one big family.
Everybody seemed to be talking to every
body else, voices were calling and an
swering each other from all parts of the
house. In fact, everything was' as uncon
ventional and homelike as it could be
Each one of the Parisians stayed until the
show was over, but' I wonder what their
thoughts were when they went home and
what they said when- they were In no
danger of being overheard."
. ¦. ¦ • - • • ¦¦ ¦ "•¦ ¦
From a Dutch exchange it .Is recorded
that at an art historical congress held in
Amsterdam a lively ' discussion was
brought up by the director of The Hague
Museum, the. subject being the conserva
tion of the neglected art treasures of-
Spain. He claims to have seen a. Murillo
so' utterly neglected that large flakes of
pigment had fallen off the canvas. In
churches he saw valuable, Riberas, of
which half the paint had scaled off: in
Valencia a thousand , or more valuable
paintings were also more or less damaged.
After an animated, discussion" it was.re
solved that. the directors of all the Euro
pean museums should use their influence
on the Spanish Government to save- what
yet could be saved. Another interesting
point brought out In a; lecture before the
¦ congress Is that the .red brown found in
so many old paintings had originally been
a green color, the discoloration of which
is ascribed to chemical influences. Espe
cially the reference was made to several
old pain tings by Ruysdael and others, of>
which It was formerly thought that the
artist had purposely used the red brown
to bring out the figures in the foreground,
while really.it was only a discoloration of
green paint. - : . . '
¦ \- ¦ , ¦¦ .' • ¦¦•¦._••..- ,,.
-An enthusiastic writer speaking "of that
veteran American landscaplst, Wlnslow
Homer of New York, whose work recently
exhibited in the Paris salon created such
favorable comment, breaks forth In glow
ing terms in regard to the -marines of
Homer's brush. "In his marines he has
reached the ripest maturity of- his geniU3.-
The humrfri import of the ocean has
spoken home to him at last in its least
local signiilcance; they realize as no other
marines with which I- am acquainted the
majesty, isolation. Immensity and ponder
ous movementjOf the ocean. : ¦ .,"
Boundless,'; endless and' sublime,
- The imaee of eternity, the throne
Of the invisible. *
'. "They are the spontaneous utterance of
his soul "'full to overflowing with the mag
nitude of its thoughts." .
¦" •.. • ' • ¦ •
A sign of the rapidly Increasing activity
of the interest taken In the art question
in America is presented by the numerous
art clubs and galleries which are simul
taneously being- established; in various
parts of the country. A new art club has
been organized in I Alameda : : Stockton . is
about to organize ,_ one and < Spokane - is
planning for a new gallery.
One of the most charming studios in the
city is that shared by the Wickes sisters.
212o Bush street, the Misses Ethel Marlon
and Kate H. Wickes. The former, after
several years abroad where she bad the
advantage of study under Courtois-Girar
dot, and more recently the great Bougue
reau. has. since her return, put the finish
ing touches on several Holland and also
some charming Irish scene3, which show
the result of the best instruction coupled
with much poetical feeling and talent m
expression. One of the gems in this studio
is a large canvas, an Irish scene, entitled
"Nine Miles from Cork." The subject is
quaint; one of the old-fashioned jaunting
cars pulled along by a sleepy yet imperti
nent-faced donkey Is just emerging from a
reddish road which leads out of a wood
and passes through a clumsily fashioned
(gate. The composition la excellent, .the
wood is wonderfully natural and cool look-
Ing, the atmosphere is sultry, the picture
breathes life from every brush stroke.
Several Holland scenes- introducing figures
are Interesting, f Besides the oils there are
a number of water colors, some delightful
studies of the Dutch and Irish peasantry.
Mlss-WIckes. also spent some time in Bar
bizon and has a number of study sketches
from the famous forest of Fontalnebleau.
Miss Kate Wickes devotes her time al
most entirely to decorative work, and her
portion of the studio is filled with charm
ingly original effects in panels and
screens. There* are also some beautiful
tapestries, one of the most beautiful be
ing "The Immaculate Conception," a copy
from the original by Murillo. There is also
a pastoral and a bagpiper, copies from
the original by Boucher. The pieces are
very. large, exquisitely soft in tone and
altogether painted. In a way that reflects
much credit on the young arti3t. :
¦ Miss Marion Holden, a former student In
the California School of Design at the
Hopkins, has returned to this city" after a
four years' absence abroad. Miss Holden
spent nweh of • those f o.ur years in study
under Ivierson, and later with the inim
itable Whistler, who expressed himself
much pleased with her work. This young
lady has devoted especial study to etch
ing, and an exhibition which she will hold
of her work this spring will be devoted
entirely to that branch of art.
_ HARRIET QUiaiBY,
ART NOTES AND SOSjgp CULLED 'PROM VHSRfc THERE AND EyCRVWHERS-
Sometimes parties of excursionists or shake hands with the head of the nation, dozen kodaks pointed, at him as he stood disliked this. She seemed superstitious In her. I also had my kodak with me and
tourists would stand out on the porch and and these requests were never refused, on his steps, and at this he was always a measure, and would never allow, if she secured very many pretty views of the
6end him word that they would like to At times I have seen as many as half a amused, although Mrs.; McKinley rather knew it, any one to take a snap shot of house and grounds and some pictures of
After luncheon, which was served at I,
the carriage was ordered, and generally
both would go for a drive. Many visitors
came to the house to see the President.
Every alternoon when official duties re
laxed, up to the blue room would come
the major, as she called him, armed with
a load of daily papers, most of them
marked copies. There he would pull up
the great chair and read through column
after column, generally much amused,
though always humoring her wish, that
ne read ell the articles about himself.
Sometimes he would relate" humorous in
cidents of the day and his hearty laugh
brought many a smile to the sweet face
which he always watched with such ten
der Interest. Never In my experience as
nurse have I seen devotion like that the
late President gave to his wife.
But In the Canton home he waa even
more the husband and less the man of
«.ffa.1m, for In the old place, which we
reached on the 6th of July, he dropped
Xor a time the worries and cares of state
life and gave himself up to utter happi
ness; and his happiness was contagious;
everybody seemed to feel it. and be happy
In sympathy. The chief* characteristic of
the old Ohio home was simplicity and
system. Every morning at 8 o'clock the
President, Mrs. McKinley, Secretary Cor
telyou and Dr. Rixey would assemble for
breakfast, after which the President
would read for an hour, sometimes from
the little book called Dally Needs, some
times a chapter from the Bible. Then af
ter a smoke and a look at the stable, a
ramble through the garden or a short,
brisk walk, he would return and shave
himself. This shaving was as important
a part of the morning as was the break
fast and was always amusing, for often
when a friend would call, possibly an old
acquaintance, like Senator Hanna, for In
stance, he would cry out: "Come In here,
I am shaving, but we can chat all the
earae." Then out in the hall with a big
towel pinned around his neck, soap on
his face, and perhaps a razor In his hand,
he would rush to meet his friend. Some
times catching a glimpse of himself In the
hall mirror, he would burst into hearty
laughter and go back to his room. ! Al
ways in the morning the President would
sing, his voice deep and clear, generally
a hymn, but sometimes a popular melody
or some pretty little nursery rhyme, like
•'Rock a-bye. Baby," and on the piano he
would drum out an accompaniment with
one linger. During those hours of soag
and good burner Mrs. McKinley would
smile and listen, and her dainty hands
made the needle fly in her beloved knit
ting, or the would bend over eome flimsy
lace, the mending of which she would not
trust to her maid.
The room occupied by Mrs. McKinley
at the White House was all in dainty
blue; blue velvet carpet, blue walls, ceil
ing and blue hangings; the furniture was
In antique oak, very massive and very
grand. One of the most treasured pic
"tures in my memory is that of the Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley in this room.
After she had regained her strength and
was able to be about, she v/ould have a
great arm chair rolled up by the window
and there would sit In some soft cling
ing white gown, with a flimsy shawl
thrown over her shoulders, making a pic
ture against the light, as she bent her
head listening Intently to the smooth
round tones of the President's voice as
h.e read aloud to her.
The first few weeks after we reached
Washington I was closely confined by
Mrs. McKinley's almost fatal relapse, but
after that I enjoyed many hours of lib-"
erty, and during those hours, when off
duty, I was shown about the city with
the consideration and kindness that would
be accorded an honored guest instead of
a trained nurse.
Upon our arrival at the White House,
the one thing that impressed me most
was the wonderful welcome, the almost
reverent expression beaming on the face
of every old servant In the place, and
how each and every one was rewarded
by a kind word, a hand clasp and a
cheery smile from the head of the nation.
He was a man who thought little things
worth while.
Of the journey from this city to Wash
ington I have oniy the pleasantest mem
cries. All the people with whom I came
in contact were the kindest imaginable,
each cne showing the utmost considera
tion. Through the characteristic thought
fulness and the kindly spirit of the Presi
dent, my duties were made during the
trip as light as possible, he himself upon
several occasions relieving me at- the bed-
Bide of the invalid. On one occasion while
passing along the Ohio Ri% r er, where the
scenery is particularly fine, he came into
•he sick apartment and said: "Miss Hunt,
¦we are passing through a very nice part
of the country, and I am sure you would
enjoy it. I have been over this road be
fore ana am familiar with it, so you go
out and get a breath of fresh air and I
will look after the madam," -which he did
for the period of an hour or more.
So much can be crowded Into so limited
a time, an entire life can be lived In a
year. Of course It was all a great sur
prise and I was more than pleased when
they told me that I was to accompany
the Presidential party to Washington. I
felt then that for all my long hard years
cf study and hospital work the reward
had come, and I was so thankful that I
had sacrificed a few pleasures to study,
and that that study had enabled me to
meet the opportunity when It came.
From the very flret my experience has
been like a dream, a dream full of sad
ness, yet a sadness that I would not for
get, for through Its medium I have been
taught how beautiful, how sublime It Is
possible for a human life to be, and how
peaceful and grand Its ending. Never
have the precepts and the doctrines of
true Christianity been more forcibly ex
emplified than in the dally life of our late
President, with whom, until his passing,
I had the privilege and honor of dally
association since my departure from this
city Just seven months ago.
I have had a Ion* and varied
I experience since I last saw Cali
| I forala. In this world of ours one
{ never can tell what fate has In
X store for us. Little did I think
¦when the telegram came to Lane Hospital
from Dr. Hlrscafelder last May with a
request that I attend the sick room In the
Bcott residence here where Mrs. McKin
ley lay suffering that in a few month*
I would stand by the death bed of the
noble man, the devoted husband, he to
whom all the city was paying homage as
the President of the United States.
The Us* Days
cF ths Martyi^d
On the evening before the fatal end he
seemed to know that he was near death,
and he asked to see his wife. When she
came into the room, once, and that once
only, did the brave little woman show
her grief. As she knelt by the bedsida
and grasped his hands in hers she seemed
to feel that he was slipping away from
her, and when he murmured words of
consolation she buried her face In the cov
ers and sobbed aloud, realizing only too
Keenly her o-wn great sorrow.
Then came the end, that plunged the
entire world into sadness. I hope never
aeain to see ' strong men weep as they
wept when the report that the President
was dying was taken to those anxiously
¦waiting in the corridor. Secretaries Root.
Hitchcock and Wilson and many .others
came for a moment to the chamber and
spoke with us, then, with tears streaming
down their cheeks, they ladly made their
way down the stairs. At the last I waa
on duty twenty-four hours without inter -
mission, and waa In attendance during his
last period of consciousness, and, with
many others, during the chanting of ths
favored hymn "Nearer. My God, to Thee."
turned away that our sobs might not dis
turb the utter peacetulnesa and sublim
ity of one so happy in the face of death.
There were some twenty relatives and
friends In the chamber at the very lasf,
but when Dr. Rlxey gave token that a
beautiful soul had fled never to return
not a sound was heard— all was hushod
and solemn. After the sorrowing watch
ers had turned away one remained— th«
life-long friend. Senator Hanna, He broke
down and sobbed like a child.
At the autopsy, held the nest day by
Drs Qarlord and Hatsinger of Buffalo, X
waa present, and for that fact I shall al
ways feel better satisfied. Aa the autopsy
disclosed the whole course of the bullet
had been gangrenous, I knew that all that
lay In man's power had been done. As
his last words had Indicated, "It -raa
God's will."'
- The funeral I did not attend, for after
the President's death I was always -with
Mrs. McKinley. returning with her to the
Canton home, where I had been the wit
ness of so much happiness.
In Canton there were throngs of peo
ple, so silent and so reverent. They all
looked as if they had lost a personal
friend: and to see Mrs. McKinley In the
old home alone made ray heart ache. She
looked so frail, so dependent, that I felt,
though my own health was breaking: un
der the continued strain, I would remain
with her and do my best for his sake and
After a few days had passed Mrs. Bar
ber came to stay with her, and then the
bereaved wife called for the papere and
had her niece read aloud all about the
nation's loss and her own. Until the ISth
of October I remained in the Canton
home; then, feeling that I must "rest, I
went to New York, and now at last have
returned to my native State.
Some time after my departure I re
ceived . a telegram from Mrs. McKinley
asking me' to return, but owing to my
physical need of change and rest I was
obliged to reply, "Willing but Impossible."
EVA HUNT, ¦>
I never" went to his bedside that he did
not inquire for her and sigh, "Poor little
weman. what will she doT' He knew
only too well that his going would mean
her entire loneliness. Sometimes he
¦would express a -wish to see some of his
old friends, but owing to his weakness
only his right arm." as it were, the Secre
tary of War, and Mrs. McKinley were al
lowed to run the gauntlet of doctors.
Upon the President being brought to the
Milburn house everything _ waa hushed
and Quiet. A detail of Infantry was or
dered to the place from Fort Porter. To
keep away the anxious crowd that surged
back and forth on the streets near the
house a temporary picket line was estab
lished. In the house all waa Impressively
silent; velvet shod doctors congregated in
the consultation room, white robed nurses
slipped softly about, two in attendance
all of the time— that la, one nurse and
ono orderly. There were three nurses-
Miss Maud Mohan, Miss Jane Conway
and myself— alternating in watches of six
hours each. I went on duty at 4 in the
morning, and was by the bedside or in
the room when the first streaks of early
dawn and later little glimpses of sun
would shine through the window. Often
the President would ask that the curtains
be opened, that he might see the sun
shining through the trees. "They are so
very beautiful," ho would say. Always
his thoughts were not of his own suffer
ing nor of himself, but of the frail little
woman, the partner of his joys and sor
rows, whom he felt from the first would
soon be alone.
Never Will I forget the consternation In
the Milburn house when the reports of
the cowardly attack were brought in.
The thought of possible death struck awe
to every heart. Mrs. McKinley was rest-
Ink in her room at the time and, of course,
the news was kept from her. Every few
moments she would say: "Eva, is it not
time for the major to return? I had bet
ter dress for dinner." and I, knowing all
the timo what fatal news awaited her.
would make an evasive reply, so not until
she was told by Dr. Kixey did she sus
pect anything.
Poor little woman, she was very brave
through it all.
Soon the fatal decision was reached to
attend the exposition at Buffalo, and to
this, strange to say. Mrs. McKInley al
ways objected, although she gave no rea
son for not wishing to go. However, her
objections were laughed aside. The story
of the terrible ass.-issination which took
place at the Temple of Music in Buffalo
Is already well known.
At half past 9 another chapter from the
Bible would be read and at 10 precisely
the lights were all turned out. Not until
Mrs. McKinley had retired to her room
were any affairs of state attended to.
Generally this would keep the President
and the secretary until midnight; then,
never will I forget how it Impressed me,
for I slept in a room adjacent to Mrs.
McKinley and could not but hear, he
would kneel down and pray aloud— touch-
Ing, fervent appeals to the Creator— that
he might be guided to do the best for
the nation's good and that all would be
well Jor the salvation of mankind. Often
when I listened to these midnight prayers
I would think there is one man that can
not fear death, for if there is such a place
as heaven he cannot fall to go there.
The evenings spent In the President's
house were very beautiful. After dinner
the lights in the sitting-room were turned
up. and here the President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley would play cribbage, a game In
•which ho always allowed his partner to
•win, -while he laughed heartily at his own
loss. Sometimes Secretary Cortelyou. who
Is an expert musician, would entertain
them, or the President himself would at
tach an automatic piano player and
choose the rolls of music to ilt his mood.
the President, which I treasure very
highly.
scenes Pi-orp-the
¦Horns UFs oF
the stjotat call;
5
MY EXPERIENCES AS A NURSE
TO MRS. M'KINLEY AND THE LATE PRESIDENT"The Best Known Club Wo
men cf the Pacific CoastP" Do
you know who they are? Or.
in knowing who they are,
have you ever studied their
personalities to know ' why
they should be considered the
"best known"? This sketch of
Mrs. John Merrill is the
eleventh in an interesting
series on just those lines.
MRS. JOHN MERRILL.
books and surrounds herself with them.
In the big, spreading library that occu
pies the sunny Van Ness avenue'eorner of
her home, where the bay window reaches
out to catch all the California sunshine
that Is abroad to be caught, there are
rows of bookshelves, that suggest the
most luxurious hours in deep-cushioned
chairs, easy and graceful rattan chairs,
that would tempt anybody, even a Pil
grim father. >^ 4 '_. .'•. ' \ '
This home is stamped with the stamp of
Mrs. Merrill's individuality. It is the homa
of wealth, but the wealth,is not what at
tracts ycur attention first of all. You
think of the taste, the love of warmth, of
comfort, of books, . of beauty, You are
not oppressed with a djsplay, of elegance,
There Is nothing formal and cheerless in
the air. \The very Japanese who lets you
in the door has something hospitable in
his look— he has not -been trained to the
freezing point at which some servants are
kept. . ¦¦¦y:- : . : -.¦ : . ;¦
PERHAPS Mrs. Merrill is the most
versatile club woman in this city.
It saves a writer a great deal of
future trouble to put in that "per
haps." Otherwise there would be
people and people's friends cropping up
to contradict a statement. Making no
statement is delightfully safe. However,
it would be interesting to see a more ver
satile one pointed out.
When women take to clubbing they al
most always drop society in a professional
sense. They keep on being sociable; they
have friends, whom they see informally;
but they are nit longer counted "society
women." Mrs. Merrill, though, is.
She is at least four things thoroughly
and professionally. She is, first of all, a
homemaker: second, she Is a philan
thropist; third, she Is a society woman;
fourth, she is a club woman. Now, whom
do you know that keeps up as many sides
of life? --"^;
Her club fame Is recent, but she has
taken to the work so earnestly and en
thusiastically that she has achieved that
very high round of the local ladder, name
ly, the presidency of the Century Club.
Now, the Century Club is old and con
servative, and. although it will scorn the
colloquial epithet, it is swell. It Is very
literary, very exclusive and, coming down
to hard fact, it is very expensive.
Mrs. Merrill has been a member of the
Century Club for a long time, but her
presidency is less than a year qld. She
was too busy with charitable work for
some years to devote much time to self
<-ulture. Other people needed her. The
Red Cross demanded her time. But the
war is quiet now and she has a chance to
rest — that is. If you can call it resting to
be president of a big city club." t s. '
The Century Club is literary in the
broad sense of the word, and Mrs. Mer
rill has tastes that correspond. She loves
January 23. Saturday — Those whose,
birthday falls xpon this day may experi
ence lawsuits and Jitlgation over prop
erty during the next year. It will be an
eventful year for all, and some will mar
ry. Young girls .should beware of falsa
friends and insincere lovers.
January 19, Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be generally fortunate,
generous and ever ready to assist those
in distress. They will be devoted to edu
cational, scientific and religious work, and
should be successful as teachers, healers
and in all natural sciences.
January 20, Monday— The children of to
day will be ingenious and skillful work
ers in any line they may choose. They
will be fond of travel and will change
their residences many times. Of strongly
imaginative temperaments, they will prob
ably make romantic marriages.
January 21. Tuesday — These children will
be extravagant and visionary. The boys
should choose some traveling occupation
or outdoor employment. The girls will be
fond of reading novels, and some may be
come writers of fiction.
January 22, Wednesday— The children
born upon this day will be of robust and
attractive personalities. The boys should,
be successful In mechanical engineering,
mining, road building or in transporta
tion lines. The girls will have great his
tricnlc talent.
January 23, Thursday— These children
will be generous and extravagant to the
point of recklessness. They will always
make and lose money on a large scale,
and will be leaders In whatever sphere
they may be thrown. Military life will
attract the boys, while the girls will reap
social honors.
January 24, Friday-The children born
upon. this day will be Intensely intel
lectual, quick of wit and gifted with
brilliant eloquence. They will have mag
netism and .great power of persuasion
with people. The boys slrould become fine
promoters of science and invention. The
girls will make excellent marriages. -
January 25. Saturday— These children
will be headstrong, independent and of
dominant personalities. They will be gen
erous and. have many friends. The boys
should choose some steady .mechanical
work, and the girls will be gifted to art,
and should possess fine voices.
Predictions for the week
by a professional astrologer
showing' ¦ lucky and unlucky
days for business, love and
marriage, giving birthday ad
vice and life forecasts of In
fants born during the next
seven days.
Best-Known Club Women on the Pacific Coast
Grain should go up by 10:30; metals from
11 to 12 and sugar should move by 1 p. m.
January 23. Thursday— This is an excel
lent day for those engaged in large in
dustrial enterprises and for the advance
ment of all workers.
Small speculators had best risk no
money to-day. Metal and sugar are like
ly to go up, and copper may advance by
10:20 a. m.
January 24. Friday— This is a good day
to sell. Speculation will show some sud
den and unexpected changes. Literary
workers' and inventors should find this
day full of surprising good fortune.
January 25, Saturday— Sign no impor
tant papers to-day and make no serious
promises.. There will be large amounts of
money realized by wholesale dealers from
this week's transactions.
Birthdays.
. Great caution should be used in all spec
ulation. Tne market should open low, but
will be subject to many unanticipated
changes. Sell if possible.
January 19, Sunday— This will be a pros
perous year for all who celebrate th<j an
niversary of their birth upon this day.
Those engaged in scientific, educational
and religious work will have advantage
ous opportunities during the year. Young
people will marry happily.
January 20, Monday— Those who cele
brate their birthdays upon this day will
find success in literary pursuits or In In
ventions. Commercial workers will meet
with some adversity. Be careful in risk
ing money on new schemes.
January 21, Tuesday— Those whose
birthday falls upon this date will meet
with many changes during the next year
and will probably take long journeys All
should be extremely judicious In specu
lation. Young girls, should beware of
clandestine marriages.
January 22, Wednesday— This will not
be a very fortunate year fo^ those cele
brating the anniversary of their birth
Upon this day. AH had- best avoid
changes, in business and new enterprises.
There is danger of malicious gossip, and
every care should be exercised for its pre
vention.
January 23, Thursday— This Is another
date that will bring a rather unfortunate
year for those who celebrate their blr:!;
day to-day. All should guard against
speculation and large ; financial losses
Young men will court, but they may not
marry for several years.
January 24, Friday— The people who
marry during this year will experience
happy marital careers if their birthdays
fall upon this date. There may be finan
cial crosses for business men, and large
risks should not .be ventured. ...There will
be promotion for those in the employ -of
others.
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You
Q*^I5E week beginning en Sunday, Jan-
I uary 10, will be remarkable for a
I - creat advance in all lines of buji-
I
' There v/Ul be a complete change
in the y planetary rulings for the week. The
earth passes into the sign Leo on the
.2Oth, .which renders Mars the dominant
power. This" influence will yield new en
ergy, and there will be unusual activity
in all commercial enterprises. The next
seven days should be especially produc
tive of good results for manufacturing,
mechanical and * military lines. Great
cauticn should be used in signing con
tracts and in placing meney, as. the ten
dency will ha tov/ard recklessness and in
judicious speculation.
The last of the week will be an excel
lent time for ! the settlement of long
standing disputes and lawsuits.
Influences are. not 'conducive to good
health, and, great care should be exer
cised by all people.
".The weather will be - pleasant on the
Pacific Coast, but cold and severe in
many, places. From the 22d to the 24th
storms 'of- rain and snow will sweep over
the middle section of the country, which
may cause floods in the Gulf States. *
Marriage.
Marriage is still under an adverse vibra
tion. The 19th and 20th days of the month
will be the most favorable of . this un
propitious time. '.'£;£?
Business.
January 19, Sunday— Upon this day re
quests, from the pulpits will be favorably
responded to and large sums should be
donated to home and foreign missions. . r
January 20, Monday— This day will prove
to be an, active one in business circles
and much money will change hands. This
is not a good time to ask favors. Those
engaged In . literary work will find this
a profitable day.
Speculation;, will be very uncertain, with
many changes in cereals, metal and sugar.
January 21, Tuesday— Important business
should be transacted only during the
morning hours. , Be careful of arguments
upon this day. Retail dealers ; should
realize large profits from this day's sales.
The stock market opens quiet, with an
uncertain aspect. .Cereals may go up a
few ; points atthe close.' ¦ '¦
.January 22, Wednesday— No changes
should 1 be Instituted upon this day, and
iio risks should be^ taken. }. People will ba
hard to ;¦ please 'under " the influence ' of
Saturn. \The market opens dull and lower.
Within the colors are warm, the cush
ions deep and and flowers are
plenty. These are one of Mrs. Merrill's
fads. She has masses of huckleberry . In
big jardinieres, palms and ferns g"rowln.R
in the hall, fresh mignonette making tha
air sweet. There are those little touches
about the home 'which canr.ot be the
work- of servants or a hired housekeeper.
They are of the eternal feminine, of the
home-loving woman.
She has another fad besides plants: it'
is cocker spaniels. She has two of them,
as dear to her as members of the family,
and they are never forgotten even in tha
midst of their mistress' arduous life. Tn
the morning she steals a little time for
a walk with them — she laughs afherself
for doing it, but says that it gives her
the fresh air and exercise that she needs
to keep up her health, and at the same
time she enjoys ' the dogs. They are
bumptiously affectionate and demand a
great deal more , of her time than they
can have."
Mrs. Merrill first brought herself before
the public by her. philanthropic work. In
1898 she made herself famous more than
locally by her Red Cross labors. She was
elected ' president of the San Francisco
Red Cross and the work that the organ
ization did under her leadership was im
mense. Statistics showed that during
one year the society had enabled, 6000
United States soldiers "to reach their
homes, had relieved 787 and found em
ployment for 340. This goes to show that
Mrs. . Merrill is not a philanthropic
dreamer.
In fact, she has a good deal more keen,
hard, business common sense than most
men have. She is -the kind of woman
who can put her schemes into -practical
execution.
» The Children's Hospital has always
been very close to her heart. When her
oldest son, Henry, died she and her hus
band endowed a bed in his name— a bed
where some • little sufferer could always
be as comfortable as hi3 suffering would
let him be, and where he could have all
the care that modern science and eternal
human kindness could give. \ The bed is
lor surgical cases and it is entirely free.
The gift of endowment was $5000, for- it
takes a large sum of money to keep, up
such # a charity. . '. :¦-.
Mrs. Merrill has shown plainly enough
that her interest in % this charity, was
prompted by j real sympathy and not a
love of display. She keeps close watch
of. that particular- bed, goes to see its
little occupant and takes ' the keenest in
terest \ in his progress. Besides , this, ' she
gives a great deal of time to the work
of the hospital asa whole, and her purse
has'the loosest, kind of strings.
If you ask her where she finds the time
to look after so many affairs. she will tell
you that ; she ' does not know. It seems
sometimes as If she would . be obliged ; to
Bit up nights to look after them alL And
she | adds, that if , a good fairy j should
come along ' her first wish would be
"forty-eight hours to every day, if you
please,'' .
to hold the breath without effort for
forty-f;ve seconds.
Rapid and shallow breathing is strictly
unhygienic. It leaves a large portion of
the lungs entirely unused, and part of
hands at ail in this position, or even make
the elbows meet without assistance? • ;
IMPORTANT DETAILS.
In walking the foot must never be so
placed as to allow it to rest . upon the
breathing incident to the vocal training of
singers and elocutionists.
The first thing to acquire is breath con
trol. Learn to manage what you have,
then Increase your supply. This is ac
complished by building up power to hold
one's breath. Inhale slowly and smpotlHy
as much air as possible, swelling out the
lower chest at the s'.des ji!3t below the
armpits as air is drawn in. Hold this air
flvo. seconds, measuring the time with
footsteps; then exhale it all slowly and
gradually, continuing to breathe out until
you feel empty. During the exhalation
keep the upper chest still; don't let it
sink. Inhale again and hold the breath
/or ten seconds." Exhale fully; inhale
again and hold for twenty seconds. This
is lonjj enough for the first trial. With
ten minutes a day piflcticc. within affew
weeks or a month power may be gained
last thing she would dare attempt If un- '
trained in the art."
To mount stairs properly there should
be no waddling from side to side — none
whatever; no trudging, as though the ob
ject were to push holes in the steps, no
leaning forward and no apparent ¦weari
ness. The body should remain erect, the
step should bo taken from the toe, and
the movement to the next step made with
a springing motion, a caress of the struc
ture. If j'ou will, instead of a kick.' This
produces a gradual; graceful, poetic ele
vation, instead of a cumbersome hauling
of the body upv/ard.
HYGIENIC BREATHING.
To increase; the pleasure of walking and
lessen the exertion we must know how to
breathe properly, because if the lungs are
v/ell inflated an added" buoyancy is im
parted to the body. I>fot one person In
ten breathes correctly, and not one woman
in a hundred breathes ' ribrmally, the
respiration varying with every change of
Ynental state or physical condition; srief,
depression, fatigue, all have their influ
ences in lowering the amount of oxygen
that goes into the system, and it is a rare
thing for a woman to use her lungs to tho
best possible advantage, unless she has
the de.finite and special instruction in
started along tue long supports directly
to the spine and head. Another thing—
and this is for the short-legged woman to
remember — the length of the step should
be proportioned to the length of the leg.
Walk erectly. This does not mean with
eyes fixed on the stars, neither does it
mean a grait that is a constant beginning
to fall, which does not become a fall only
because the other foot and leg get in the
way and prevent it. A good rule is to
•¦press up v.-ith the head as though a
weight were being carried there." If one
thus stands or walks very little attention
is needed to keep the eyes up. as well as
back and shoulders. This effort to stand
erect assists in giving the right emphasis
to the ball of the foot, to which we have
already referred.
Stair climbing as a means to grace of
locomotion Is perhaps a novel idea, but
the woman who has mastered the art of
going up stairs in truly scientific fashion
is the one who. as to her gait, may be
likened to a Diana following the hounds.
So enthusisatic is one devotee of this
theory that she says:
"Place me with my rival In the presence
of a man in whom we are both interested.
and the first thing I should do would be
to walk up stairs. This would be the very
(Copyright, 1901, by F. Smith.)
•* >r O matter hove plain a woman may
/\ I be. if she can cross a drawing -
I >J room Kocr like a queen she will
\ * always be attractive. The ability
to walk v.'ell. unfortunately, dees
not mean ¦walking naturally, except ir.
one case out of ten, when the whole phy
sical instrument is naturally in-turie, and
harmony or grace results. In the ether
nine cases o"e portion of the body Is
keyed too high or too low^ producing phy
sical discord, which we call awkwardness.'
Walking, correct and graceful walking,
must as a rule, be acquired like any other
accomplishment, by study. English wo
men of the nobility are carefully trained
in this respect in order that they may
possess a fine carriage when presented at
oourt. «
It is a matter of tradition that Queen
Victoria owed her regal carriage to a
drill sergeant who. after making endless
respectful suggestions, with no effect
upon his pupil, horrified her governess
and astonished her by saying sharply:
"A pretty Queen you'll make with that
dot-aniii-go-one gait."
Up went the little chin, back went the
shoulders, down went the elbows, and in
her wrath the little Princess did precisely
what the old soldier had been striving to
make her do; but his delighted cry of
"just right!" was another surprise to her,
inasmuch as she had been conscious of
no muscular effort whatever. From that
time forth incessit reeina.
When one rises to walk the whole body
should be thrown into a state of general
tension, which brings al! the muscles Into
vigorous action, and so perfectly balanced
that every part does its work without
perceptible strain. In this balanced posi
tion the hips, chin, chest and toes come
into a line; the shoulder, hip and ankle
joint are also upon a line; In this position
the body acquires the greatest ease.
Take a free and firm but light stride,
balancing the upper part of the body alter
nately upon each hip, but without sway-
Ing it perceptibly, and giving the impetus
forward with a slight spring from the ball
of the foot; this gives a spring}' and elas
tic step. When the emphasis, so to speak,
is on the heel, the fatigue of walking is in
creased tenfold, because a jar is thus
the air in them unchanged. Deep breath-
Ing strengthens and increases the muscles
of the chest and the abdomen. The ab
dominal muscle directly overlies the in
testines, and Its motio« stimulates the
whole digestive apparatus, thus contrib
uting to its healthful activity. To the
woman burdened' with too much flesh,
deep breathing is absolutely essential as
one of the best cures for obesity, as the
increased amount of oxygen greatly aug
ments the consumption of waste material.
It must be pure air and sunshine, how
ever, that are breathed in to have the de
sired effect.
In shallow breathing the blood does net
get all the oxygen it needs In order to
burn up the waste matters in the body.
To ascertain the capacity of the lungs,
find out how often you draw a full breath.
Can you, when standing with the arms
and hands extended before you and tak
ing a full Inspiration, touch the knuckles
behind the back without the tendency, to
cough? Can you touch the backs of the
outer edge. It must not be allowed,
either, to rest upon the inner edge, but
In each . and every position it must be
firmly planted on the ground. People
who walk on the outer edge of the foot
appear more or less apelike; those who
walk on the inner edge look as though
they were splay-footed. The toes should
not be excessively turned out. The whole
movement should be elastic, avoiding, on
the one hand, the appearance of stiff
ness and on the other that of springs in
the knees, which should not be bent in
walking.
Carry yourself in walking so that a ,
plumb line dropped from your nose would
fall just an inch In front of your great
toe is the advice of one who speak3 ex
cathedra, with this added: Don't thrust
your head forward, don't bend your knees
In walking, and remember that high
heeled and narrow-toed shoes are the In
flexible enemies of grace.
The walk of all walks to avoid is the
"golf walk," a loose-jointed stride,
flapping arms, a "poked" head and
neck, and a queer, flat-chested car
riage being its leading characteristics.
Some women have the habit of Jerking
the head forward at each step, like a
hen, a performance which is most un
graceful. Bunching up the shoulders and
swinging both arms rapidly backward
and forward, like a ship which has broken
loose from her moorings, are also to be
avoided. Another peculiarity is that of
jerking the shoulders alternately at each
step, as If propelling the body forward-.
Men have been known to lose their
hearts all on account of a~ graceful,
fetching walk. An Englishman who was
so attracted by the superb carriage and
gait of an American girl as he walked
from church behind her never rested un
til he had been introduced, with the S3
'juel that they were married and lived
aapplly ever afterward: Let this be a
word to the wise.
A. person, of course, cannot always be
conscious of his breathing, but with care
he can train himself to the habit of
breathing deeply and properly. The sense
cf well being that this practice gives is
ample re-ward for the slight labor in
volved. Above all, let it be remembered
that the nose, not the mouth, is tho
breathing apparatus. Breathe in as much
punshine as possible; this, with pure oxy
gen, is a remedy for all the ills to which
flesh Is heir.
Note — A request having been made for
Illustrations of different types of beauty,
a few are presented this week. Others
will follow.
TO CULTIVATE A
REGAL CARRIAGE.
Walking Naturally Not Neces
sarily Walking Beautifully.
A Queen's Dot-and-Go-One
Gait— Stair Climbing a3 a
Cleans to Grace of Locomo
tion—Breath Practice— E'2ep
and Shallow Breatting.
THE 'SUNDAY CALL.
6
BEAUTY
QUESTPurses, Belts, Choux, Stocks,
Novelties In the way of Jew
elry and Hangings, Skirt Lift
ers and Art Buttons Easily
Bring the Price of the Toilet
Pax Above That Paid for the
Gown — What Mrs. Henry
Clews Jr. (formerly Mrs.
Freddy Gebliard) Is "Wearing.
Mrs. Roosevelt's Pretty Dress.
Materials That Are Being
Purchased for Spring Wear.
Gowns for Sweet Sixteen — The
Fashionable Way to Xtalse the
Skirt— Mrs. Leslie Carter's
Spider Web.
be applied to an old evening gown with
the. effect. of making it look like new. In
the center of the > web there could be a
jetted spider, and if the gown were an
elegant one for evening, the animal could
be one of those jeweled ones now so much
in vogue. ,
Mrs. Roosevelt is wearing ' many hand
some gowns. One, on a recent occasion,
was | a graceful thing of cream white
crepe, the skirt cut In the close fashion
now -prevalent, the bottom of the skirt
flaring over numerous frills of the same
material. .The closely, fitted bodice was
trimmed In lace applique, forming a yoks
and vest, the whole design daintily out
lined with a tracery of gold threads; tlfe
tops of the sleeves were trimmed with
the same lace, while the lower part flared
over a full puff of white chiffon. The
same trimming was gracefully arranged
about the upper part of the skirt. Her
hair ornament was a lace bow held In
place by a rhinestone buckle, i to which
was added a white aigrette. The lady of
the "White House Is said to have no less
than a dozen handsome new gowns, all
whiu. ¦ :: *¦•>-.-.-. i,
de sole, stitched along each side, makes a
very good trimming and can be used upon
skirt or waist. For the skirt It is particu
larly to be recommended, as it is light In
weight and does not add to t the already
tiresome burden. - : '. ¦:¦-'-,. • .;..
The question of lightening the skirt of
the spring materials is one that Is en
gaging serious ¦•¦ attention. Heavy skirts
seem to be coming in in spite of the taf
feta bands,* the peau de sole, the stitchings
and the veilings that are used as ! trim
mings arid which are undeniably light.
Veiling, very thin, cut In curved shape,
looks very well upon the skirt of a gown.
Cut It in the form of a great wheel, sev
ered, the end running interminably within
the wheel, In endless chain fashion and
apply to the skirt. Baste it carefully In
place and then run a stitching along each
edge. It will be found to be very effective.
' A' Spider ;Web. '.-.*.
A new skirt trimming appeared upon the
gown worn by Mrs. Leslie Carter off the
stage. The gown was, In black, a black
Ottoman silk of coarse weave. The skirt
was cut plain and sheath shaped and the
waist . was I slightly bloused in front.
The novelty lay in the trimming, which
consisted of narrow bands of black velvet
ribbon. These were arranged at the side
exactly like a spider web. The ribbons
came out from a central place, diverging
like the typical pictorial web, and there
were narrower ribbons crossing it to make
an intricate mesh. The velvet had small
jetted beads here and there, but only
enough to make the ribbon 1 sparkle.
The web was large enough to nearly
cover one side of. the skirt and was all in
black, without a particle of color near it.
A smaller web decorated the front The
"bodice had one directly upon the middle
'of the front, of large size. This Is a kind
of trimming that. could be easily applied
- at home and would decorate any gown,
black or white, bright or dulL It might
bust.
This makes a very pretty form of vari
ation with any gown.
. Attention to detail 1b a matter that can-
OF the small things of dress one
must sing at this time.
With Lent approaching, when
one dances no more for forty days
and nights, and with Easter in the
air. one's thoughts turn, perforce, to the
powns of the street and to the small
things that make or break these costumes.
Street gowns are distinctively the gowns
of Lent, for then one attends sewing cir
cles, musicales and readings; the society
woman or the woman of social instincts
ieeps on the go. Many of the entertain
ments that come into existence later on
are conceived during Lent, and a large
percentage of the numerous and popular
society affairs are thought out during the
days when society itself is supposed to be
abstaining from Indulgences.
To look always well is dependable upon
the email things of gowning. One can
defy a woman to buy a gown, no matter
how elegant, and to wear It constantly
without any surety of approval. It will
tire the eye, pall upon the sight, in style
as well as in color, grow tame and same
and be uninteresting. No matter how ele
gant the gown, this same criticism can be
made. It must be varied to continue to
interest-
Varying the Gown.
This item of varying one's gown is the
most important one a woman can grasp.
In matters of household Interest, such as
in the setting of the table, this quality
would not be questionc-d for a moment—
the importance of variety. But in the
matter of the dress menu it is not always
so quickly understood.
The best dressers In the world, those
who hold and maintain a reputation for
dressing well, continually, month after
month, all through the year, are those
who manage always to wear something
novel — not necessarily new, but rearranged
tastefully, so as to seem new.
Striking articles are by no means the
best for this. There are many reasons
why the garment known as ".-Vriking" Is
not to be advised besides the fact that It
Js not In good taste. One of the main rea
sons is that it is too distinctive, too eas
ily recognized, too much in character, as
it were, and not sufBciently nondescript
to be worn many times.
A bofiice of eea green, for example. Is
never good unless one owns many bodices
end can bring out the sea green only once
in a while, and always to a different audi
ence. On the other hand, a bodice of
black, suppose the new black moire, per
haps cut in the Gibson fashion, with
broad plaits to widen the shoulders, could
be worn a hundred times and trimmed
with green, if green were desired. There
are adjustable green yokes, cuffs that can
be slipped on, papels of green that enliven
the front and standing collar of. green:-
These and many other things could be
added to make the bodice perennially new.
To secure an amount of catchlness in
dress, to look always well and attrac
tively gowned, a woman should pay at
tention to three laws:
First, neatness in dress.
Second, variety in dress.
Third, attention to detail.
Neatness in Dress.
The first of these Is the most difficult
and one of the most expensive. Neatness
in the twentieth century. 1902, sense does
not mean mere brushing and binding; it
pertains to the characteristics of the
sown.
The Immaculate band upon the collar,
changed once or twice a day, the marvel
ously neat sleeve cuffs and ruchings, be
they bell, turnover or wristbands, the fln
ishings of the gown— these distinguish the
costume as neat.
Variety In dress Is something not all
can accomplish, but all can come very
near to it. Ingenuity will take the place
of quantity and color schemes will make
an old gown seem like new.
It is to be a black and white season,
and for this the woman of not many
gowns will rejoice. With black one can
do so much and all on such a limited
amount, compared to that which one can
do with other colors. A black gown
dressed out to-day with a side panel of
gold lacings, arranged upon a back
ground of corn colored taffeta, looks well;
and if the bodice be also In corn color or
the yellows, or in white, It makes a full
suit. To-morrow the same go wit might
be trimmed with a hip yoke of tan-col
ored lace, with the yoke arranged so that
it comes up on the bodice nearly to the
Tb.8 Question of drop skirts and linings
The Drop Skirts.
A handsome style of gown'for the street
will be made of veiling of rather heavy
weight, yet so that its lining shows
through in a shaded fashion: This comes
in all the colors and can be recommended
in the paler shades. It makes an excel
lent suit and In violet Is particularly pret
ty. A violet veiling, made ove* pink, done
In tailored fashion and trimmed with wide
satin ribbon stitched fiat to the goods
upon each edge, will form the basis of a
handsome suit for a well-dressed woman.
For a dressy suit, say for an Easter suit,
the satin cloth is good and comes as low
or as high as one cares to go. There are
broadcloths of light weight and cash
meres as good as broadcloth, though not
as heavy; also ladies' cloths and goods
that are called satin-faced goods. From
these one can select.
The Scotch plaids, the homespuns, the
Irish tweeds and English suitings are all
beginning to appear and, In color, in pat
tern and in attractive surfaces, they were
never equaled.
In the purples and blues and all the
shales of heliotrope there are new goods
that have no woolly surface but are more
in the nature of tweed. There is a coarse
outside which Is very attractive from the
standpoint of wear and at sight one can
understand that it will not attract dust,
but will shake out well. '
While selecting a spring suit it Is well
to remember that, in spite of all fashion
able predictions, purple, heliotrope, violet
and mauve come in with each March., Not
more regularly do the March winds blow
than these colors appear. Purple was once
practically the only color of spring, just
as brown is the color of fall, and it Is still
the oncthat is most worn— purple and its
close relative, blue.
Automobile red and black will be worn
so much together that one is safe in buy
ing and in making up a spring gown in
these shades.
The Spring Colors.
But for the gown that is to he worn
steadily during the next two months it is
well to think a little before going into the
fuyzy goods. There is a camel's hair which
looks very hairy upon the surface without
being too shaggy, the hairs being woven
In. This sort of camel's hair resembles
the popular Oxford and has something of
a glossy surface. It Is not expensive and
makes up well for very early spring. If
purchased in a medium blue, with black
hairs, it Is well to trim it with et'tched
bands of black cloth arranged to form a
pattern. If one buys a brown, then let
black or brown or deep red be the trim
ming.
Zibeline purchased now at reduced rates
will come in good in the fall and nothing
can exceed the satisfaction which a wom
an feels at being able to bring out some
thing in October which costs nothing yet
is fashionable, well made and as stylish as
ever— having been bought late, made up
modishly and which received little wear
and tear.
Zibeline still holds its own, but in pur
chasing a new gown, one that can be
worn into Easter days, it is better to get
something that will look more springlike.
A year ago the fancy was all for the
tatin cloth, and when summer deepened
Into fall these disappeared or were rele
gated to the calling set, while the ha'ry
goods came forth, and zibeline was the
material of the year.'
But it is toward the new fabrics that
the mind turns at this time. If there is
a new gown to be purchased the selection
of the goods becomes of great importance.
The New Fabrics.
A jeweled chou worn by Mrs. Henry
Clews Jr., who was once Mrs. Frederick
Gebhard, was in corn color, with a center
of topaz.
A sort of ribbon harness is arranged for
the chou eet. It begins with the bow- at
the back of the neck and is continued to
the chou upon the bust. From there the
ends hang to the waist and are sometimes
twisted around it to. make a be'.t. and
finally are tied in front or at the side.
The chou, from being a mere trifle of
adornment, has now become something
handsome. It is made into saucer size,
and In the center there rests a rose. From
the middle of the chou, coming from un
der the rose, there hang two ribbon ends,
and these are tied into a bow. which is
fastened to the side of the belt.
It Is an easy matter to put $800 into
trifles these days, and from the waist up
ward it can be done. Beginning with the
gold link purse which hangs at one eide
the Blze of a dinner plate, to the neck,
where dangles a. gold chain with its pearls
and its little jeweled tablets, there are
great possibilities.
The society woman who solemnly as-
Eerted at a ladies' luncheon, in confidence
over the teacups, that she had on a gown
that cost $75, while the small things of
dress — not her underclothing, but the vis
ible articles — cost $800, was no extrava
gant exception to the rule. The class of
women who dress in this manner is a
large c^ne and includes not only the magic
chain of the women of the 400, but many
more.
Cost of Small Things.
not be overestimated, and under this
heading comes a consideration of the
small articles that, while they go to make
up a woman's wardrobe, are often of so
expensive a brand that the woman who
invests must have a heavy purse upon
which to draw.
The union of satin and silk may be
classed among the novelties. Seen to
gether the two make quite an odd trim
ming, one that Is not at first recognized
There come satin ribbons with a band of
eilk at each side, and silk ribbon with a
strip of satin running: down the middle
But If used freely, ribbon is expensive and
those who must look to the littles prefer
to buy a yard of satin and a yard of silk
and experiment.
For the satin there should be as high
a gloss as possible and for the silk there
should be as little as possible. A high
grade satin atrip, with a border of peau
The lift of spring, done by hand, will be
the back lift. There is no other way of
keeping the skirt off the street. The. hand
grasps as much of the material as pos
sible fight in the middle of the back, and
as low down as may be— and lifts. There
is no other way that Is practicable. The
very close sheath skirt .will not admit of
the side lift
There are several varieties of fob and of
course, they come in various stages of ele
gance. Some are Jeweled and some not
some gold and some silver, some round
and some square,' and In the selection a
woman shows her taste and her extrava
gance.
Lifting the Skirt.
Yet there are other methods of lifting
the skirt. One of these is by the fob. This
is an attachment of ribbon hanging at
one side of the belt. On the end of the
ribbon is a hook which catches the skirt
The latter can be raised to any height, or
correspondingly lowered! .
Since the long skirt is In, and is to stay
in, there are various devices for lifting it.
The most popular and most graceful is
the lift that is accomplished by a. wom
an's own hand, and the habit of lifting
the skirt, once formed, becomes a second
nature. At first it tires, but when a wom
an learns the fashionable lift and culti
vates- it she soon becomes accustomed to
it.' ,
An English box coat looks »well upon
sweet sixteen, and the coat that hangs
straight in front with buttons under the
flap is the best, because of the style at
tached to its plainness. There is a smart
ness about the plain coat which must b«
studied to be understood. Around the hem
there can be row after row of stitching,
which is the way the English coat of
spring will be finished. ' -'
The- tucked hips,, released below, while
good for sweet sixteen, are suitable for
children of 8 or 10 years, and are more be
coming than the kilted skirt, while pre
serving many of its properties.
In making a dress for sweet sixteen re
member that It is her desire to appear,
not youthful, but mature. She will not
fancy the gown buttoned in the back, nor
will she like the waist with its baby yoke
and gulmpes. Her taste will be for the
waist with long lines," and, indeed, sho
looks more shapely In- such a one.
The waist Is a very simple thing in gray
flannel, exactly the color of the skirt.
There are tucks of taffeta laid upon It so
as to make a panel down each side of the
front. The buttons are small, clear white
ones, sewed on with a shank and adding
much to the waist trimming. The back is
plain and snug.
For Sweet Sixteen.
The plaits are stitched flat to a point
about even with the knees and then re
leased,' to make a flare. Thus the skirt is
full around the foot. A deep hem com
pletes It. and there are two rows of stitch
ing at the top of the hem.
The skirt is placed upon a band that
neatly fits the waist. At the belt the
skirt is laid in side plaits of three inches
each. There are two plaits at each side.
The front hangs plain in an unbroken
panel, and the back is laid in a double
box plait, just so as to give room for a
pocket hole and to cover the same.
A suit planned for sweet sixteen, one
that might be worn calling, or walking,
or to school, is the work of a professional
dress designer. Its elegance depends upon
the fabric from v.hich it is built. If in
tweed it would make a good school dress:
if in corduroy, an outing frock; if in satin
cloth, a. calling gown.-for such calls as the
sixteen-year-old girl makes.
There is an establishment upon a fash
ionable street in New York that now em
ploys designers to originate dresses fnr
girls of 14 and 16. These must b» : stylish,
neat, becoming and not too expensive. The
horrors of the days when the girl fully
grown, but not yet developed, was com
pelled to V^ar a round skirt and a round
wai3t, diversified, perhaps, by a tuck or
two, have passed away.
i Gowns for schoolgirls are taking an im
portant place in the world's fashions.
Those who design dresses have not forgot
ten that the growing girl exists and. are
now awakening to a realizing sense of the
fitness of making the girl's garments as
they should be made. . \ '.
For Schoolgirls.
An Easter bride is to have not one but
four moire waists. One Is broad upon the
shoulders, having a wide plait laid at each
side to make the shoulders appear wider.
It is in shell pink. It is double breasted
and buttons with small silver buttons. A
black moire waist buttons with black silk
buttons, placed a little on one side, while
waists respectively in blue and in white
are- buttoned with white enamel and with
pale pink, buttons, each button of tiny
size and surrounded ly a gold setting.
A moire waist, made up smartly, and
embellished with Russian cuffs, an up-to
date stock and trimmed with a bright
chou upon the bust, is one of the most at
tractive of waists.
A new material for waists is coming in,
or a very old material made new. This is
moire, that old-time silk which was worn
by the traditional grandmother for. her
Sunday best, and which always appeared
upon mourning occasions.
Is pretty well settled for the Easter, sea
son. There will be drop skirts whether
there are linings or not. Silk drop Bklrts,
to be put on like a petticoat, come with
all the nice suits and those that are not
supplied with them can have them quick
ly made. A very thin,' very close-fitting
taffeta' petticoat, all of on« color, and
trimmed, not with lace but with a taffeta
flounce, makes a delightful drop skirt, one
that can be renewed often and will not
wear out.
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
7
SMALL
THINGS
IN
DRESS
THAT
ROB
THE
PURSETHE SUNDAY CAM*
8no_text<Jrl Wo.MAX ..f soi-eruy-six years and"
/ { " lighthouse keeper.
I ""I any one ever hear of a
V. I Biraneier combination? Probably
A not. Certainly no one ever saw a
stranscr one.
Zjovs that particularly appeal . to your
f.~my? Would ;ou care to apply for OTJcJj
:. position when old age comes and sits
at > <iur door? Because if the far.ey strikes
you as being fit and line, the Santa Bar
bara lighthouse is the place to ship your
trunk to.
Everybody In that sleepy old town has
a peculiar way of praising good or capa
ble deeds. Invariably they will say:
"Pretty near as good as Grandma Wil
liams can do."
Mrs. "Williams, or "grandma," as she
Is familiarly known about those part^
nas climbed the four flights of winding
stairs twice a day since '56.
Think of ft and marvel! Three hundred
and sixty-five days, twice a day for forty
five years. Count up how many steps that
makes if you like, but you would better
take a day off when you do it. .
And in that; long stretch- of time she has
had but one night off for vacation.
Three miles out of Santa Barbara and
on the very edge of the ' ocean stands a
little white house. It is very much alone;
in fact, the. little old lady who calls. It
home. is just about all' it has to look at
excepting the great expanse of water that
dally laps ' at ' Its ' f eet.' >j ' <ri^* <^» M '"-'w ¦>'¦«¦¦«*' «<ump»
Mrs. '" Williams opened the. door in re
sponse to my knock. She is • such a little
old lady that I Immediately thought of all
kinds of fairy tale3 and • wondered which
old lady, 76 years, of age. making nightly
pilgrimages. Think of being all alone and
no neighbor to call upon. Only the ledge
of geraniums and the roses to talk to.
.Wouldn't you see spooks?"
the table . ¦ . /»
"No* Oh. yea, the camera. You wan*
my picture, do you? Well. pfease get™av
down n that corner. Pictures look better
at a distance at my time of life"
As I whirled away toward' town I
passed men trudging in the lieht
house direction. One fallow remarked
•Ghee, but I'm hungry." and the other
fellow answered, "So am I, but you know
that grandma will have lots to eatand
? °& e MJ2*^,?, hty good at tha <
n s £*i~ T ' " l!liam » ls noted as the oldest
lighthouse tender, a marvel of constancv
and endurance and a. chef. ¦ How mwr
people on the verge of SO can show aa
P^ud a record? How many people can
be held up as a bright and shininl ex
'SSSv °r a " that sood and noble? Vow
n £ ? C , us . can show as proud a record
keeper? Santa Barbara, lighthouao
Probably not one, of us.
MADGE MOORB. f
Though his bark cannot be lost.
Yet it shall be tempest tossed.
And of a truth her bark is "tempest
tossed," and has always been, but it will
prove strong enough for her as long as
she will have need of It.
When she was a girl her home was in
bleak Massachusetts. Hearing only the
best and sunniest things of California.
she and her husband made the trip out
here and left all that was dear to them.
One thing after another went wrong, un
til her husband tried to forget all his
sorrows In drink. In forgetting them, ho
also forgot his wife and baby.
Then the energetic little lady showed
what she was made of. The lighthouse
position came their way and she grasped
at It as a drowning person would at a
straw. And all these years it has proved
her salvation. V
Every night excepting three weeks she
has dragged herself up those winding
stairs. When sickness, sorrow or dis
tress presented itself she pushed It aside
and went blindly on. While she tolled
nightly to win the daily bread, her hus
band traveled dally to spend it.
Then came a time when she found her
self all alone. The children married and
her husband died. But desert the, light
house? Never. Or, at least, not as Ion*
as she could reach the lamp.
"Don't you think It Is about time for
the Government to pension your* X asked.
"Indeed, no. Why on earth should th«
Government pension me? It has paid
me well all these years and there cer
tainly no obligation on its side that
I can see. Why, I am plenty strong
enough to earn my own living for many
a day to come. Don't look like it? And
now, young lady. I'll tell you a secret. Z y
do not know what medicine Is. I have
been too busy all my life long to make
its acquaintance, and, really, I am not
sorry, for now I am healthy and I prob
ably should not have been."
No nervous prostration for her. No
change of climate to the dry mountain
air. Plenty of work and fresh air aro
what she advocates. I wonder If more
people tried her remedy how the doctors
would fare? I rather fancy their families
would not visit Europe in such flocks.
"See all the steps I have to keep clean.
That takes up several hours every day.
And I do not sweep them either. Each
and every one has to be wiped with a
cloth to keep the dust from going near
the lamp."
'. Steps, steps, steps. I tried my mother's
favorite scheme of running my finger
along the articles dusted. It never failed
with her, and I fancied It wouldn't fail
with me. But it did. Try as hard as I
could, no dust rewarded my labor. Every
thing in that nouse was Immaculate.
"Will you pardon me If I go and see
about my dinner? The men who ar»
tending to my barley eat here, as it takes
too long to go home. I will not be away
long. Will you amuse yourself?" my hoa
tess asked.
I followed her into the kitchen. The
potatoes were boiling as though bent on
doing their best for her and the roast
turned its brown face toward her wtih
the best intention possible. With the
deftness of a girl, and a capable one at
that, she whisked dishes, knives and
forks out and the table was set In no
"You see, living by myself. I know just
where everything is. I could find any
thing in this house In the dark Just as
well as I can now. So solitude has its
advantages, has it not?" she asked smil
ingly.
I couldn't dispute her. In fact. I
wouldn't dare even think when she was
about. Any woman who has had as
much experience and who knows life as
thoroughly as she does ought to have all
the hats i» the country oft to her.
"There really Isn't very much more to
see," she said as she gave the biscuits a
last pat. Nothing but my garden, and
it does not look its best now on account
of the frost. But see that little hill over
there. In all the years I have been on
the coast we have had only one accident
that amounted to anything. The Pride
of the Sea came ashore one perfectly
clear night. She was lost. The people
around here are kind enough to say It is
because this light shines so far out to
sea that all has gone so well. And now
it is almost dinner time. Won't you stay
and dine with me?" she asked as sha
gathered a handful of flowers to brighten
Btory. claimed her as Its- very own. An<*
then she .«poke:
"You want to see the tower?" she asked.
"Yes," I mechanically answered, al
though I wanted to see her more than
anything: else about the place.
"Well, you must register first, you know.
Everybody does does that, and besides, I
am awfully curious about my guests*
names," aha Bald. .
And away went this little mite of a
woman with as spry a step as a girl of 13.
In a minute she came tugging an Immense
book Into the room and laid It down on
the top of the piano with a satisfied
'.'There you are."
"Now, let's Bee who will lose their ;
breath first. You go ahead of me. for I
may possibly have to push you along;."
The very Idea of a woman of nearly 80'
pushing me along 1 amuBed me. Probably
I would have to pick her up and carry her
under one arm.
¦ "But. ye gods! Those stairs start out In
a bee line for the pearly rates. They are
straight up and everlasting. In a few
minutes a hand was slipped under my
arm and a quiet voice said: "I told you
• bo." Oh, the Irony of those few words.
The last flight is made of Iron and one
might almost as well try to climb a pole.
The tiniest hole to crawl through, and
then you are In the lighthouse proper.
The room Is round and In the center
stands the cylinder that casts It* rays
twenty-five miles out to sea.
"Don't touch itl In forty-five years I
have never put my hands on the glass."
"Have you really lived In this house
that length of time?" I managed to gasp.
""Why, yes, of course. The best years of
my life have been spent right here. I came
here In '56, when I was not quite thirty
one. In all that time I have stayed away
from the house Just one night. Now, I
will leave it to you. Most people claim
that women gad, gad all the time. They
never stay at home. Don't you think that
I have broken the record?"
I wonder If there Is another woman on
the face of the - globe who can say as
much.
"And have you tended the lamps all
that time?" I meekly asked.
""Why, of course, every night In all
those years, with the exception of three
weeks when my last boy was born. I
have three other boys and a daughter, you
knoV. When they were babies they
couldn't help me, and when they were
older I couldn't trust them. They always
forget; so, anyhow I put it. I had to
climb the stairs just the same. I always
felt more comfortable when I had set
them all going myself."
""When you set them going," I repeated,
"and when do you do that?"
"Why, at sundown, and again at mid
night. Twice a night the lamps must be
trimmed and filled. It is no trick when
one 13 used to it, although it is rather
spooky at 12. Every night I climb the
stairs and the shadows make all kinds
of weird lights on the walls. The house
is all alone and every noise sounds lqud
¦ and peculiar. If I go to bed before the
last light goe3 up. I am very apt to Im
agine all kinds of horrid things. Why,
my' own shadow makes grimaces at me
and nods and becks to come faster, and
then when I hurry it motions to go slower.
Did you ever hear of such fool stories?"
Heavens, if I had to climb those stairs
my knees would knock until the echoes
would mock me. Just imagine that little.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CALIFORNIA'S OLDEST
LIGHT-HOUSE TENDERit lines varying in lightness from tn«
thinnest pen strokes to a broad, rich
stroke that the largest stub could never
hope to equal.
"It is therefore wash drawing, with th*
effect of pen drawing," I decided, for my
own satisfaction.
"Is your drawing ever enlarged or re
duced in the process of reproduction?" I
asked.
"No," said th« artist "The drawings
themselves are pasted on wooden blocks
and directly reproduced therefrom. Theso
Jjlocks are often sold, by the way— at $1 a
pound— to the little country newspaper*
that cannot afford to employ an artist of
their own. Only the inferior papers do
this, of course." *
"This is all very interesting. May I
write a little story about itr-J I asked, and
on receiving the permission that I knew
would be forthcoming asked th© further
favor of a characteristic illustration, that
would serve both as example of tha
artist's work and of the Illustrative art
of Japan.
The above strong and spirited sketch of
a tiger, done in Incredibly short time, was
the response to my request. Fish, birds
and tigers are the "strong suit" of this
Japanese "animalier," and tho tiger
sketch is of particular appropriateness at
this season in Japan. This Is their New
Year, and its distinguishing zodiacal and
cyclical signs are the tiger and tho*
stream. Once only in sixty years Is this
particular combination possible, as with
twelve zodiacal signs and only ten cyclical
self an accomplished artist and Oriental
scholar, Henry F. Bowie of San Mateo,
who* has interested himself very practi
cally in Mr. Shimada's American j
"There is Eisen," Shimada : ? replied
through *his 'courteous, proxy: "Eiseh, fa
mous for beautiful ¦ girls — like your Gib-s^
son. - He [ Is on 'The Capital.' He Ulus-;.
trates'.- novels" that appear every ,. day Jn
the paper, like the; French feullleton, and
people- cut' out -the " stories .and pictures
and bind them -'into.-, books.' There ¦ 13
Kubota, best man of the best school. He
illustrated the Chinese arid Japanese war
"Oh, yes. ';•¦ We ' illustrate news entirely
from nature. Taguchi is our first artist
in caricature! ¦;'/ He is on the Maru Maru
Shinbun. Every . important newspaper,
has its 'artist,' one only, and a monopoly
of his work, though Eisen 1 and. a ': few
others are privileged to do work for other
papers on occasion." | ...
'.'What ] is the salary / of your Japanese
Gibson?": , • f , ." . . . ¦•
."Eisen? : Eisen , gets ; 150 yen , ($75) a
, month, and that is . about the /average.
N That will perhaps mean, three pictures In
a day.'* Then illustration's will be -bought
In: addition; ;from '60 cents upward, from
| other artists. , The famous; artists, how
ever, all contribute to the newspapers oc
casionally sketches of "'their pictures that
are on exhibition and -the like. The adM
vertisements, like yours,' are mostly don?
by. inferior! workmen.", i ¦"""'¦'.*
¦. "What' is .the standing of the newspa
per artist?"
"The most distinguished men of the day.
belong to the newspaper" fraternity. ' Of
' course ' the ' magazines,' as with you, ¦ con
tain better- reproductions, but' no better
work. The magazines* illustrate •" foreign
events and 'famous people largely mostly
by photography. They also have geisha,
photographs and Illustrations concerning
themselves with . the time of the cherry
blossoming, the time of the blooming of
the lotus and other events of national
importance. The newspapers illustrate
these things, also as well as such things
as festivals, floods, fires,, train wrecks,
new bridges, etc."
"How much does your newspaper cost?"
"Two cents, and the magazines 15 cents
(30 sen), mostly."
: "You use . a brush entirely to work
with?" I asked, for so I had heard, though
the delicacy of the line work in Mn.ShJ
mada's drawings seemed to indicate tho
use of a pen, and that of the finest.
*!Yes, it is all brush work," said the
artist,, picking up one of the supple little
Instruments in question and making with
signs Oriental subtlety fcaa made possible
the sixty , different astrological conjunc
tions. The -tiger illustrates fittingly th«
quality of the artist's work, but his paint
ings on silk of fish that were on exhibi
tion in the Vickery art galleries some
time ago are still more characteristic. His
fish are all but alive, supple, slippery, wot
things, curving through wet water In In
describably graceful line. He also pnints
monkeys and squirrels delightfully, and
has lately done some rather wonderful
(from a mechanical standpoint) copies of
such Occidental studies as the Cabanel
Venus. But I would give a dozen other
of any of his things for one small fish.
Shimada himself is perhaps prouder of
some very bad photographs that he has
lately turned out than of any thins els«
he has done.
BLANCHE PART1NGT0N. |
ing a tablet on which Is inscribed
"Droits de rhomme." the rights of man.
This has caused a violent protest on the
part of the women's rights societies of
Paris, and, as a counterblast, they have
got up a stamp which Is a duplicate of
the one issued by the Government, only
that on the tablet which the man holds is
written "Droits de la Femme"— the rights
of weman. Those stamps have been cir
culated among the faithful, with instruc
tions to paste one on every letter along
side the Government stamp. Thousands
of these stamps have been sold at 10
cents a hundred, and thousands of letters
which pass through the French post bear
the appeal for woman suffrage. The pos
cii authorities are much annoyed, for
Cxy have to look sharp to see which
«*mp to concel where the letter bears
both the male and the female stamps, and
also to see that a letter does not go
through with only the stamp of the
woman on it.
Bo far the postal authorities have b»?n
— ' NETV* postage stamp recently Issued
A by the French postofflce bears on
its face the picture of a man hold-
too gallant to protest openly, but "some
thing official" will have to be done about
it. Possibly the whole Issue of the rights
of man stamps will have to be called in.
The stamp collector : had better be fore
armed against such a contingency and
procure a sample of the offending stamps
before it is too late.
A singular thing is , revealed by the
number of these "rights of .woman"
stamps which are now befhg used In
Paris, and that is the extent of the woman
suffrage sentiment in France. It would
iseem that the movement for the enfran
chisement of women had become more
popular there than any one had an idea
of. Perhaps those who are deeply inter
ested In the woman suffrage movement
have kept track of Its growth in France;
but to the general public the extent of it
there, as revealed by the many thousands
of rights of woman stamps sold, will be
a sunrise. .
• ¦ » ¦
Twenty-eight; mechanics from Birming
ham are about to visit the polytechnic at
Zurich for the purpose of studying the lat
est methods of electrical machinery. '
WOMEN OF FRANCE ISSUE THEIR OWN STAMPS.
' ¦
was myself artist for the Dai Nihon Kyo
Iku, • the principal educational journal of
Japan. The - Capital of Tokio Is a
splendid paper, like your New York Her
ald; the Toshi Mune— Morning Sun—an
other, and the National Gazette is the
best of all. Then there is the Maru Maru
Sh:nbun, "like your Life, that is excel
lent for caricature, and many others. And
there are the weekly and monthly maga
zines, devoted to art. poetry, science
and foreign, events and Illustrated by the
best artists of Japan.
"Our newspaper reflects our life and'
character exactly, as your " : : ' newspaper
does.'- There is. If you please, however,
one large difference between our - press
and yours. Like you, we have the. radical
press, the socialist press, even 'the an
archist press, that are permitted to criti
cize the Government to .their .full satis
faction. But the head of the- Government,
the Emperor, is never attacked under any
circumstances by any one— as your Mc-
Klnley was attacked by your press."--. *,
It was my turn to change the subject.
"Who are your famous Illustrators?" I
asked.', •
The interpreter, who should before have
been introduced as a cultured young stu
dent and host of Mr. Shimada, himself
answered smilingly: .
"You know.Mr. Shimada Is himself one
of our famous illustrators," a dictum that
has since been confirmed by a distin
guished connoisseur of Japanese art, him-
"McKinley!" I said at first glance.
"No, that is Gladstone," said Shimada.
and pointed, smiling, to the characteristic
collar, whose fame had reached even to
Japan.
There were humorous drawings, a vain
scientist with a literal "big head"; a
spirited sketch of a horserace; the return
of the Americanized Jap to his farmer
father and so forth. There were lovely
little sketches of architecture, illustra
tions of ancient fairy legends, exquisite
little landscapes, all handled in a free,
sure fashion, at once strong and delicate.
There were all sorts of portraits of all
kinds of people, unmistakably likenesses,
yet seen through Oriental eyes. There
were animal drawings, some ridiculously
clever chickens, some rather astonishing
horses, anything and everything, but all
showing a master's hand.
"We have in Japan our daily papers,
just as you," Shimada begins again.
I assent, though my acquaintance .with
the Oriental press has been limited to that
part of itfthat comes wrapped" around
Japanese porcelain at Christmas time.
You know the kind. ' It looks- to the un
initiated like the print of chickens' ' fee
in a. wet yard, spread in formal fashion
over a sheet about half as large again as
a War Cry.
"Oh, yes," the artist says proudly, "we
have papers with a daily circulation of
50.000 and 100.000. The .Tokio Ilochl, for
example, will run up fo the latter num
ber.
"The Hochi?— doubtless a sheet devoted
to art, literature, political reform and the
like?" I asked.
"Not exactly," stammers the trans
lator with comical embarrassment Then
It came out, bit by bit, to my unkind
amusement that the Hochi is the yellow,
yellow Journal ' of japan, devoting- most
of Its space to scandals In high life,
geisha 6crapes, political fiub-dub and red
hot news generally.
"But there are others?"" I suggest at
last to the artist, who was Industriously
covering as much of his expressive coun
tenance as would lie under a tiny tea
cup.
- "Indeed, yes!" he replied eagerly. "I
8EKKO SHIMADA, the famous
Japanese newspaper illustrator. Ss
here. In fact Mr. Shimada has
been in town for some months,
but his identity with the distin
guished illustrator has so far xe
mained unsuspected. Neither would It be
known now— for the artist is as modest
as he is clever— if I had not happened to
knock down a small paper mountain in a
corner of his little studio on Pine street
the other day.
"What are these?" I demanded, as what
appeared to be pen drawings of every de
scription of subject— train wrecks, fires,
street crowds, ballet dancers. fes
tivals, portraits, caricatures— came flut
tering down in ail directions. They
were unmistakably Japanese, yet of
a kind of art that I' had never be
fore seen. Some recalled a "Whistler etch
ing, others reminded of Abbey or Hugh
Thomson, and the feeling of yet others
was distinctly French in its chic direct
ness. There was perspective of our kind
humor, with an Occidental appeal, and a
selection of subject known to the West
ern mind as "newsy," all foreign ele
ments in the more familiar Japanese art.
"What are these V" I asked again, hold
ing up a handful of the illustrations.
Mr. Shimada was seated tailor-wise on
his painting mat. surrounded by supple
brushes and little dishes of bright inks,
touchir.g in rapidly a few soldiers in a
copy of a curious old print of Commodore
Perry's landing in Japan. The drawing
lay flat on the mat before him and the
artist himself made a pleasing picture tn
his kimono of subdued grays and purples.
his keen yet gentle face, the color of oM
ivory, now bending for an intent moment,
over his work and again lifted with
courteous smile to his guests.
His friend and interpreter translated:
"Those? Oh, those were merely reprints
of some of his newspaper sketches. Did
1 like them? Would I not please choose
some from, among them and accept them
with Mr. Shimada's honorable regards?"
—with the slightly embarrassing generos
ity of the hospitable Japanese.
'•Xo, it was too much," I said, but
changed my mind on seeing the little hurt
look en the expressive brown face. "Yes,
if I may; these delightful child faces will
give ne great pleasure. But I want to
know all about Japanese newspaper art."
i The gentle Oriental promptly placed his
time at my "honorable disposal," ordered
the indispensable tea. sweetmeats, and.
for a particular bonne bouche. what I
shamelessly confess held for me the gasp
and strangle of my first olive— the epicu
rean dried seaweed of Nippcn. Then, over
the toy teacups, I learned something
about the Japanese newspaper.
Shimada speaks no English— with his
lips, by the way— but he has a full vocab
ulary of sparkling gesture and expression.
Half his story is told by the sensitive
artist hands; the face, fine, vivid and
eager, points the tale, and the translator
does the rest.
"This is not the kind of paper on which
jour newspapers are printed?" I asked.
pointing to the creamy, parchment-like
paper of the sketches.
"No, our newspaper paper is very bad —
rough, soft, thin, altogether bad," the
trtist replied. "It quite spoils the draw
ings." Which Is the only absolutely in
ertistic thing that I have heard of this
inherently artistic people.
<"You want to know something about the
sketches? This" — picking up a cleverly
handled crowd subject, with soldiers,
buildings en fete and a personage and his
wife addressing the multitude— "'this Is
the opening of the Art Exhibition at
Tokio" by the Emperor and Empress.
"This is Capri vi, the Italian general,
and this is Queen Victoria. You recognize
fhlK? Kdison? And this?"
He is r|OW tri San
has scrn^h^nS
to say abcUt
TTTUs^atrriS
as practiced.
in Japan-
THE SUNDAY ! CAIil*
11
SEKKO SHIMADA
THE FAMOUS JAPANESE
NEWSPAPER ARTIST1 "The Times and Young Men,", by Josiah
Strong, 13 an address to young men, writ
ten for the purpose of offering them a
solution of . the peculiar problems which
spring from the complex conditions of
modern life. Dr. Strong discusses the Ills
arising in the social and industrial world
from a conflict of Interests. He then
shows that the only cure for these evll3
Is to be found in a strict practice of the
golden rule. While of religious tone, the
book is free from the cant of a narrow
spirit of religion. It is a sensible, practi
cal plea for an appreciation of the value
The Times and Young If en.
"Richard's Navigation and Nautical As
tronomy," by Eugene L. Richards, gives
a complete treatment of the elements of
navigation, and a mastery of it will give
a knowledge of the theory of the subject,
sufficient to introduce the student to the^
practice of navigation. 37he first part is
devoted to navigation by dead reckoning,
and the remaining portion is given to the
subject of nautical astronomy and teaches
how to determine the exact position of a
ship in terms -of latitude and longitude,
by means of the observation of heavenly
bodies. The book is illustrated . by dia
grams and contains an alphabetical glos
sary of the terms used, and a part of the
Nautical Almanac of 1S93 for reference In
the solution of problems. (Published by
the American Book Company, New York.
Price 73 cents.) ;
Navigation.
BALLADS — By Howard V. Sutherland. Pub
lished by Drexel Btddte, Philadelphia.
MOTHER GOOSE'S MENAGERIE— By
Caroline Wells. Noyes, Platt & Co., Boston.
$1 60.
• RED EAGLE — By Edward S. Ellis. Henry
T. Coatea & Co.. Philadelphia.
THE GOLDSMITH OF NOME— By Sam C.
Dunham. The Whltaker-Ray Company, San
Francisco. $1.
NEW PIECES THAT WILL. TAKE PRIZES
IN SPEAKING CONTESTS — Compiled and
adapted by Harriet Blackstone. Hinds St
Noble, New Tork.
A TREATISE ON INTERNATIONAL PUB
LJC LAW— By Hannls Taylor, LL.D. Cal
laghan & Co., Chicaco.
Books Received.
THE FIREBRAND— By S. R. Crockett. Mo-
Clure. Phillips & Co., New Tork. 91 00.
SONS OF THE SWORT>— By Marearot L.
Woods. McClure. Phlllirs £ Co., New Tork.
$1- 60.
BIGG'S BAR AND OTHER KLONDIKE
Mrs. Nellie K. Blissett has written a
distinctly readable story in "The Most
Famous Loba." The scene is laid in the
romantic time of the Troubadours, when
men turned with equal ease to feats of
arms and to deeds of gallantry. "The
Most Famous Loba" is a woman re
nowned for beauty and for Independence
of thought and action. She moves a strik
ing, picturesque figure among the stirring
events of her time. In the chronicle of
the most interesting period of the life of
this beauty whose fascinations are grea:
enough to make all men who know her
her slaves, the author has caught well
the spirit of the time of which she writes,
and the reader Is made to see the beauty
as well as the cruelty of the period which
we know as the Age of Chivalry. (Pub
lished by D. Appleton & Co., New York.
The Most Famous Loba.
Mr. Anderson is the ; youngest [ artist '• of
his kind in America. He was born In
Nashville, Tenn.; 22 years ago. t As he at
an early age developed a talent for.draw
ing he was given opportunities in that
direction by private instruction, followed
later by a course in the Chambers School
of Art in Nashville. - While the artist' has
not entirely deserted his 'palette and
brush, he has become a sincere devotee
to camera craft and means by serious In
vestigation and time to prove that pho
tography will with the passing of the
years become a most important branch
of the higher art, - • - • - • r -,
Mr. Anderson furthers the artistic suc
cess of his work in photography by paint
ing his own scenery or background, by
designing the costumes for | the models
and by carefully selecting the models
themselves. Many "of the fanciful con
ceits and the unusual poses are not only
attractive as pictures, but they can safely
be termed camera triumphs. The .. first
page of this Sunday Call's • Magazine
Issue is an example of his splendid work.
This number marks the beginning of a ae-.'
ries of studies that. Mr. Anderson has
made especially 'for this paper.* "; ;'.
Some of the results of this unique idea
are equivalent | to art inspiration^ . In
these reproductions the models are ar
ranged like the original paintings, and
many of the pictures are ; almost perfect
imitations. The photographs are en
dowed with a life and soul; the camera
searches out and exhibits a detail which
the artist with brush seldom produces
with the same perfection on canvas. -
PERHAPS no other branch of art
has taken a greater stride In the
past few years than has that of
photography.
Where formerly it was confined
to a purely mechanical method of trans
ferring a face or a scene to a' : negative,
it has developed possibilities that closely
ally it with a higher art. No Individual
has done more to confirm the advance
ment in this comparatively new field than
has C. H. Anderson of the Elite studio,
San ' Francisco. During his three years'
devotion to the camera he has brought to
light some of the most wonderful produc
tions known to the world of photography
—that of making V with .. living models
copies of original paintings by old and
modern masters. ¦ : ! •
A WIZARD IN THE FIELD OF PHOTOGRAPHY.
H. G. Wells la among the most logical,
forcible and fascinating prophets of the
future wonders of the world. He baa
hitherto confined his prognostications to
fiction, as in "Th© War of th© Worlds."
but he has now seriously approached the
subject of the future in a capital book
which he calls "Anticipations," which
will shortly be published in America by
the Harpers. Mr. Wells has gone thor
oughly into his subject, and covers not
only a forecast of what we shall accom
plish In mechanical development, but In
our civic and domestic progress aa well.
It is a book decidedly calculated to arouse
debate and stimulate thought. Prophe
cies of the future are the fashion at pres
ent, and the forecasts of men who prac
tically and logically outline great things
for the coming year3 are no longer to
be overlooked In an age when scientific
marvels have become prosaic facts of
our dally existence.
A book full of thrilling bear "stories,
which will delight not only boys, but girts
as well, if they care for the recital of
hair-breadth escapes from wild animals,
is "The Bears of Blue River," by Charles
Major, the author of "When Knighthood
"Was In Flower.". In this story for chil
dren Mr. Major shows that he can hold
the close attention of the young as well
as he once did that of older readers. The
youthful hero of this present story 13 Bal
ser Brent, a boy whose home ¦was in In
diana at a time when that part of Amer
ica was still a frontier wilderness. Balser
is as courageous as a lad should be who
lives in a country where bears appear at
the most inopportune time and in plact-3
where their advent is least welcome. Bal
ser has encounters with all sorts of bears,
but by his pluck and skill he manages to
escape from their compnity in a way to
cover himself with glory. ¦ The book will
give the boys and girls of to-day a good
idea of the perils which the brave fron
tiersman and his family had to endure,
and also of some of the pleasures of their
free out-of-door life. (Published by the
Doubleday & McClure Company, New
Tork. Price $123.) ,
The Bears of Blue River.
No more striking proof of the vitality
of that masterpiece of American litera
ture, "David Harum," could be found
than the fresh announcement from the
publishers, D. Appleton & Co., that the
book has gone to press again. Three
printing orders, two for 5000 and one for
2000, were given In the month of Decem
ber. The present printing makes the
eighty-eighth, and brings the number of
copies to the grand total of 537,000. In
connection with these printing orders it
is Interesting to learn that the book ha3
occupied one press almost continuously
since it started on its immense run; that
Is to say, the printing orders have come
in so frequently that the plates have been
kept in use practically without break.
The fact that a book has the name of
Gilbert Parker on the title page is a guar
antee that the story which it contains is
one of Interest and well written. "The
March of the White Guard" is a short
story, but is full of the vital interest
which is excited by a graphic account of a
strong situation. The White Guard,
which gives the book its name, is a small
band of men from one of the northern
posts belonging to the Hudson Bay Com
pany. "Word has come to the post that a
civil engineer of considerable fame, Varre
Lepage, who "went into the far north to
Investigate copper mines, has not returned
to his home, and that the Hudson Bay
Company, in compliance with the wishes
of the man's wife, desires a relief expe
dition'to be sent to discover him, if pos
ble. Several men volunteer to go upon
this expedition, although the chance of
the success of their object, or even of
March of the White Guard.
Francisco's municipal affairs thoughtful
discussion: ""In part demonstration ot
the practical outworking of democratic
ideals in American affairs we shall pre
sent an article in the February Arena on
'San Francisco's Union Labor Mayor,'
written by Leigh H. Irvine, whose re
markable new book, 'An Affair In the
South Seas,' was reviewed in our No
vember issue."
literary Notes.
The January Arena thus announces
that its February issue will give San
There were a few ramshackle hotels at the
mission; for in the early days it seemed as If
everybody either boarded or took in boarders,
and many families lived for years, in hotels
I remember the Mission Dolores as a de
tached settlement with, a pronounced Spanish
flavor. There was one street worth mention
ing, and only one*. It was lined with low
walled adobe houses, roofed with ted, curved
tiles, which add so much to the adobe hou&es
that would otherwise be far from picturesque. .
The • adobe la a eun-baked bilck; it. is mud
color; its walls look as if they were molded
of mud. The adobes were the native Califor
nia habitations. AVe spoke of them as adobes;
although it would probably be as correct, ety
tnologlcally. to refer to brick houses, as bricks.
•^W BOOK of special interest to Cali
f I fornians is "In the Footprints of
I I the Padres," by. Charles "Warren
I Stoddard. In It Mr. Stoddard. had
given in a very delightful manner
his impressions of that part of the life
and scenery of California which has ap
peared to him most worthy of record. The
personal element which has been intro
duced into the book makes it all the more
interesting, and serves to keep it from be
ing merely a guide book to points of past
and present historic' Interest. Under the
heading "Old Days in El Dorado," the
flrst half of the book is devoted to an ac
count of a voyage from New York to San
Francisco by the Nicaragua route, -which
Mr. Stoddard took in 1855, and to a de
scription of San Francisco as It appeared
in the early period of its existence as an
American town. At that time the Mission
Dolores was a settlement by itself, lying
far beyond the limits of the little city. Of
the appearance of the mission Mr. Stod
dard says: *
Edward H. Mitchell (San Francisco) Is
Issuing a very attractive set of souvenir
postal cards which illustrate bits of life
among the Indians of the Southwest. The
use of the colored cards, which originated
in Europe, has become so general that as
a consequence all that Is most beautiful
in our American scenery is being pic
tured with a view to showing that Eu
rope with its historic ruins has not ex
hausted all types of the picturesque. Tho
improvements made in the art of pho
tography render it possible to make even
a postal card a thing of beauty. Indian
life loses its squalor and shows only Its
esthetic side In a picture. Thi3 set of
cards, with their pretty coloring:, make
the Indian seem the attractive creature
he Is supposed to be by those who live
too far from his haunts to know him as
be really is. (Price 30 cents per dozen.)
Souvenir Postal Cards.
Without any pretense of offering any
thing which approximates a formal his
tory of California, "In the Footprints of
the Padres" will help to keep fresh the
memory of some of the leading /features
of the most picturesque portion of Califor
nia history. (Published by A. M. Robert
son, San Francisco. Price $1 50.)
Certain incidents occuring about the Bay
of San Francisco form the subject matter
of , the remaining portion of the book.
In a description of the Farallones there is
given an entertaining account . of the
search for wealth made by egg-gatherers
on those sea-girt rocks.
The chapters entitled "A Mysterious
History" read like a romance. They con
tain the history of a lawsuit famous in
Its time, that of Yelverton vs. Yelver
ton. The mysterious woman. in the case
once lived part of her nomadic 'life In and
about San Francisco. The chapters de
voted to her and to her history are by no
means the least interesting.
Next follows: "A Memory of Monterey."
In {this there": is./ a description of the
changes which have taken placd' in that
picturesque town in passing from the do
minion of one nation to that of another.
Chinese life, Jtoo, with most of its phase3
so incomprehensible to us of the Occident,
comes in for its share of notice as beins
a very real factor In the development of
California. . , ¦.,-..
At the top of. the street stood the mission
church and what lew mission buildings were
left for the use of the Fathers. The church
and the grounds were the most Interesting fea
tures of the place, and it was a favorite re
sort of tho citizens of San Francisco; yet it
most likely would not have been were the
church the sole attraction. Here,' In appropri
ate inclosures, there were bull lighting, bull
baiting and horse racing. Many duels were
fought here, and some of them so well adver
tised that they drew almost as well as a cock
flefht. Cock fighting was a special Sunday di
version. Through the mission ran the high
way to the pleasant city of San Jose; It ran
through a 'country unsurpassed in beauty and
fertility. '• Above the- mission towered the
mission peaks, and about it the hlllslopes were
mantled with myriads of wild flowers, the
splendor and variety of which have added to
the fame of California. .:
rather than attempt to keep house in the wilds
3f San Francisco. The 1 mission was about one
louse deep each side of the main street. You
might "have turned a corner and found your
§elf face to face with the cattle in the meadow.
As for the goats, they met you at ' the door
way and followed .you down the street like
dogs. • _ - ¦. "T
"Dupes," by" Ethel Watts Mumford, Is
an unpleasant story of successful char
latanism. : A woman, Madame Bonzales,
comes to America from Europe in order
to make converts to a new system of phi
losophy which, so she believes, has been
revealed to her by angel visitants. Mad
ame Bonzales Is a stupid, ignorant 'wo
man, and yet one who sincerely believe*
the nonsense which she preaches. On her
arrival In America she meets a clever,
unscrupulous man named Clendenin. In
Madame Bonzales Clendenin recognizes a
possible agent for his material advantage.
Madame Bonzales, so he thinks, has only
to be brought before the notice of the
public by a clever manager in order to be
come a fashionable fad, and. consequent
ly, a source of income to such a manager.
Clendenin persuades an acquaintance of
his, Thatcher Mitchell, to write clever ad
dresses for Madame Bonzales to deliver in
public. Soon, In fulfillment of Clendenic's
prediction, Madame Bonzales becomes a
fashionable "prophetess." "When Mitchell
discovers that he has played a prominent
part In making the success of a fraud he
is filled with remorse and tries, but in
vain, to open the eyes of the public to the
real character of Madame Bonzales and
her manager, Clendenin. To make mat
ters worse for Mitchell, the girl he loves
falls under the influence of Madame Bon
zales and bids fair to give up her fortune
to further the- interests of the new cause.
But Miss Bond soon finds out the falsity;
of Madame Bonzales' pretensions to wis
dom. So in one case Mitchell is relieved
of the mortification of having assisted a
false prophetess to dupe her victims.
(Published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, New
York and London. Price $1 25.)
Dupes.
A biography of Dan Rice, the famous
clown, has been written by Marie Ward
Brown. Besides a full account of Rice's
life, the book contains sketches of many
of the famous men with whom Rice came
in contact In his long and varied career as
jester and circus owner, together with
quotations of many of his witty speeches.
Rice was something more than a mere
buffoon. He took a deep interest in the
leading issues of his day, so that his biog
raphy contains references to the stirring:
political events which Immediately pre
ceded and followed the Civil War. The
book, as the history of a unique personal
ity, Is, in its way, very entertaining. (Pub
lished by the author. West End. Long
Branch, N. J. Price $3 00.)
Life of Dan Bice.
"Pandora." by Mrs. Sulzscheider. i3 a
badly constructed story, written presuma
bly to show the evils of divorce. Some of
its scenes are laid In our own town. The
picture which it presents of the laxity of
mariners and morals of San Francisco
women of assured position is so absurdly
ui true as f> be amusing. ! (Published by
the Whitaker & Ray Company., San Fran
cisco. Price SI.)
Pandora.
Among the books contained in "The
Library of Useful Stories," issued by D.
Appleton £ Co.. is "The Story of the Art
of Bunding.? In cor.cise form it gives an
account of the different styles of archi
tecture which have been famous in the
world's history. The book Is illustrated
with many cut*, which show the chief
characteristics of the different types of
buildings. The book will be found very
useful to any one who wishes a work on
the history of architecture which gives
a review of the ralicnt points in the evo
lution of this art, while being free from
a discussion of technicalities. (Price 35
cents.} ' / '
The Story of the Art of Building.
A BOOK ON CALIFORNIA BY CHARLES
WARREN STODDARD.
Something like a hundred sketches and
photographs by. the author, two carica
tures in color by the noted French caric
aturist Sancha, and a water-color frontis
piece by F. Hopkinson Smith illuminate
the book, and, with the handsome cover,
make it particularly available as a gift
book. .. (Published by Funk & Wagnalls
Co., New York. Price, %\ 20.)
This being his method of work, he could
not fail to, get at the intimate secrets,
the subtle charm of the quarter. When
he pictures for us with brush and pen and
camera tho .balls and studios, the gri
settes, models, bicycle girls, shop girls,
sweethearts, students, singers, poets, bes
gars, sculptors, cafes, shops, boulevards,
etc., we see them, not as figures
in a guide book, but as the real, pulsing
elements of the , most fascinating Bohe
mian spot in all the world. We come into
closer touch with them than would be
possible In repeated summer, tours.
"Nowadays when a man would write of
the siege of Peking or the relief of some
South African town with an . unpro
nounceable name, his ' habit Is to rent
a room on an uptown avenue, move in an
Inkstand and pad, and a collection of il
lustrated papers and encyclopedias. This
"writer on the Rue Falguiere chose a. dif
ferent plan. He would come back 'year
after year and study his subject and com
pile his impressions of the quarter in the
very atmosphere of the place itself; with
in a stone's throw of the Luxembourg Gar
dens and the Pantheon; near the cafes
and the Bullier; next door, If you please,
to the. public laundry, where his washer
woman pays a few sous for the privilege
of pounding, his clothes Into holes."
Just such a man has made the capti
vating: book now under review, "The
Real Latin Quarter of Paris." F. Berke
ley Smith has put the seeing, and hear
ing, and feeling of/ ten years of intimacy
with the real Latin quarter into his book. 1
His celebrated father, j F. Hopkinson
Smith, says in his introduction to the
book:
• The one who can best tell you the story
and paint the picture is the one who has
gone from other surroundings and habits
and has stayed to see and to study with
eyes and ears open, with senses alert,
sympathies keen and with a quick ap
preciation of all that will appeal to the
uninformed outsider.
There is a seductive charm about that
famous Bohemia of Paris— the Latin
quarter— which most persons know only
by reputation. Wherein this charm con
sists • Is but vaguely understood. The
casual visitor, who has wandered through
the Quartler, or who, perhaps, has been
so fortunate asVto be taken through it
by one who knows it, cannot tell you of
Its fascinations. He cannot portray Its
life or interpret Its spirit. He cannot give
you any of the real atmosphere* of the
place or the true inwardness of its throb
blngr/sad-and-gay existence.'- He lias seen
very 'little of it himself and' has under
stood still less. It would be even more
impossible for a native, or one. who has
xpent all his life there, to give you.Jhe
kind of a picture which would appeal to
yourV' appreciation, your Imagination,
your emotions. He is a part of it; all is
natural and familiar to him and arouses
no surprise or curiosity. He docs not see
the contrasts or the unique manifesta
tions of life in their full color values. To
him It is a common and an every-day af
fair, and if he attempted to describe it
he would try to pick out the things that
seemed to him unusual rather than the
multiplicity of things that go toward
making up the real, perpetual charm of
life in the Latin quarter.
Heal Latin Quarter of Paris.
During the excitement following the
capture of the Federals Charlotte is shot
by Oliver, who has stolen near. Ferry
rusnes up and strikes Oliver with his
sword Both Charlotte and her husband
nave been wounded seriously, but both
recover eventually. For some time, how
ever, it is supposed by Charlotte and her
Mends that Oliver was killed outright.
During that time Ferry begs Charlotte to
marry him, but to no purpose. In Char
lotte s refusal lies the crucial point of the
story. Charlotte feels that If she marries
the man who killed her husband the world
will have the right to censure ¦ her. and
that this censure will work to lower the
standard of a love which until then has
been kept upon a high moral plane. After
a prolonged period of suspense Oliver is at
last killed, and in a way that furnishes
one of the several very dramatic Incidents
in the book.
Besides the romance of the love of
Charlotte Oliver and Ferry, RichaK
Smith has one to relate on his own ac
count. The love episodes lend an added
attraction to a Beries of war pictures
which would be interesting even alone.
Not only Is the whole story interesting
but it is eminently clean and wholesome.
It makes clear what some writers of war
tales are apt to,, Ignore— that actual expe
rience of warfare is not necessarily de
grading. (Published by Charles Scribner'a
Sons. New York.)
Cries of masculine anger and ¦ feminine af
fright filled the hall, but one ringing order
for silence hushed all and the dance stood still
with Ned Fciry in its center. In hlg right
hand, shoulder high, he held not his sword,
but Charlotte's fingers lightly poised for the
turn in the arrested dance.
"Stand, gentlemen; every man is covered by
two; look at the doors; look at the windows."
commandlngly — to yell it, and with never a
suspicion of what It stands for the stamping
and scraping fiddler shouts the name of the
man who "loves a good story with a positive
passion."
"Come a-left, come a-rlght,
, Come yo' lily-white hand.
.Fo' to quite dat colden cha-aln.
O, ladies. caper light-
Sweetest ladies in de land-
Ned Ferry's a-comin' down de la-ane!"
Now the third couple clasp hands, arch arms
and let the whole countermarching train sweep
through, and a beautiful arch they make, for
they are the aforesaid captain and Charlctte
Oliver. "Hands round'." hurrah for the whirl
ing ellipse, and now it's "right and left" and
two ellipses glide opposite ways, "to quile dat
golden chain." In the midst of the whirl, when
every hand Is in some other and ' men and
girls are tossing their heads to get their locks
out of their eyes, at the windows come un
noticed changes and two men loiter in by the
front hall door, close to the fiddler. One has
his sword on and each his pistols, and their
boots and mud-splashed uniforms of dubious
blue are wet and steamy. The one without the
sword rives the fiddler a fresh name to sing
out when the spinning ring shall straighten
Into its two gay ranks egaln and bids him —
Charlotte Oliver, fearing that her hus
band's method of executing vengeance
upon her will involve an unnecessary loss
of lives, both Northern and Southern,
goes to a general in the Federal army
and Implores him to have Oliver sent
North to some place where he will be un
able to send innocent men to their doom.
When Charlotte reveals her identity, as
she Is compelled 'to do, she is arrested as
a spy, and sent, for safe keeping, to the
.home of some Unionists. While she Is with
these people they give a dance, which she
is Induced to attend. The festivities are
interrupted in a very dramatic way by the
arrival of Ferry and his men, who have
come with the intention of capturing the
Federal officers at the dance. The ending
of the dance is described in this way:
"What! gone?" he asked again, and I
nodded. He turned and trotted lightly, after
the departing column.
With a few words to the sergeant, more brief
than harsh, and while the indomitable singers
pressed on to the very close of the stanza with
out a Elgn from him to desist. Ferry bade the
subaltern resume his command and turned to
ward me at the window. He lifted his sword
and spoke In a lowered tone, the sullen guard
stood to their arms and every captive looked
up for my reply.
"Shall I, come?" he inquired, but I shook my
head.
But the command to fire did not come; sud
denly there was a drumming of hoofs, then
their abrupt stoppage, and the voice of a vigi
lcnt commander called, "Attention!"
There Bounded a clean slap of leveled car
bines, yet from the prisoners came the con
tinued song In Its closing couplet:
"The star-spangled banner! Oh. long may It
wave'."
And out of the midst of its swell the oaths and
curses and defiant laughter of a dozen men
crying, with tears In their eyes, "Shoot! shoot!
v.-hy don't you shoot?"
"Club that man over the head!" cried the
sergeant of the guard, and one of his men
swung a gun; but the Yankee sprang Inside of
its sweep, crying, "Sing her through, boys'."
grappled his opponent and burled him back. In
the same instant the sergeant called steadily,
"Guard, ready, aim — " ,
Charlotte had ceased In consternation, not
for the conditions without more than for those
within. With the first long swell of the song
from below the dying leader strove to sit up
right and to lift his blade, but failed and
would have slammed back upon the pillows had
not she and Miss Harper saved him. He lay
in their arms gasping his last, yet clutching
his saber with a quivering hand and listening
on with rapt face untroubled by the fiery tu
mult of cries that broke Into and over the
strain. ? ¦
Dut. iruarded'.y as she began, the effect on
tiie huddled crowd below was Instant and
electric. They heard almost the flret note; look
ing down anxiously. I saw the wonder and en
thusiasm pass from man to man. They heard
the first two line* in awed, ecstatic silence;
but at the third, warily, first one, then thret,
thea a dozen, then a score, bereft of arms,
standard and leader, little counting again to
see freedom, flae cr home, they raised their
voices, by the dawn's early light, In their sons
° Our'main body were out In the highway, Just
facing Ii.to column, and the effect on them I
could not see. The prisoners' guards, though
Instantly ablaze with indignation, were so ta
kon by surprise that for two or three seconds,
with carbines at a ready, they — and even their
sergeant in command— only darted fierce looks
here and there and up at me. The prisoners
must have been UEed to singing in ordered
chorus, for one of them strode into their
middle, and, smiling sturdily at the maddened
guard and me. led the song evenly. "No, sir'.'
he cried, as I made an angry sign for them to
desist, "on« verse through, if every damned
fool of us dies for It— let the captain hear Jt.
boys — sing!
" 'The rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting
In air — ' V .
Charlotte began guardedly to sing:
"Oh, say, can you see by the dawn's early
light.
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's
last gleaming?".
Charlotte Oliver's husband and her
father-in-law become traitors to the
South. Their treason comes to, tho
knowledge of the Southerners. Char
lottes husband is taken prisoner by
Ferry's men, but succeeds in mak
ing his escape to the Union army.
Thereafter he strives in every way he can
to kill his wife and Ferry, of whose love
for each other he is aware. In pursuance
of his plan of vengeance he gives to a Fed
eral officer information which leads him
to make an attack upon some Confederate
soldiers, among whom are the Scouts.
The Federals are beaten and tuken pris
oners. Their leader, Captain Jewett, who
has been mortally wounded, is taken with
the other prisoners to .a house where
Charlotte Oliver is staying. When the
captain is dying he asks Charlotte to sing
to him "The Star-Spangled Banner." The
Southern woman, very loath, at last con
tents. Outside of the house are stationed
the Federal prisoners under guard. \
toward Major Harper's tent.
I asked if Ferry came often to headquarters.
•"Yes, quite aa often as be's any business
to."
"Ah, ha'." thought I, and presently said I
had heard he was a great favorite.
"Well — yes — he — he is — with eome."
"Don't you like him?"
"Who. me? Oh! — I — I admire Ned Ferry —
for a number of things. He's more foolhardy
than brave; he's confessed as much to me.
Women call him handsome. He sings, beauti
fully, I suppose; I can't sine a note and
wouldn't If I could. Still, If he only -wouldn't
fins drinking songs — but. Smith, I think to sing
drinking songs — and all the more to sing then
as well as eome folks think he does — is to ad
vocate drinking, and to advocate drinking is
next door to excusing drunkenness!"
"Then Ned Ferry doesn't drink?"
"Indeed, he does! I don't like to say it, and
I don't cay be drinks 'too much,' as they call
it; but. Smith, he drinks with men who do!
Oh, I admire him; only I do wish '
"WUh what?"
'•Oh. I — I wish he wouldn't play cards.
Smith, I've -seen him play cards with the shells
bursting over us!"
For my part I privately wished this saint
wouldn't rub my uninteresting surname Into me
every time he spoke. As we dismounted near
the tents I leaned against my saddle and asked
further concerning the object of his loving anx
iety. Was Ned Ferry generous, pleasant,
frank?
"Why, in outward manner, yes; but. Smith.
he was raised to be a Catholic priest. I could
* heap sight easier trust him If he'd sometimes
•how distrust himself. If he ever does I've
never 6een it. And yet— oh, we're the best
of friends, and I'm cpeaking now only as a
friend end to a friend. Oh, If it wa'n't for Just
one thing. I could admit what Major Harper
aald of him not ten minutes tLgo to me that you
never finish talking to Ned Ferry without feel
ing a little brighter, happier and cleaner than
when you began; whereas, talking with tome
men It's Just the reverse."
I looked carefully at my companion and
asked him If the major had said all of that.
He had, and Gholson's hide had turned it with
out taking a scratch. "That's fine— as to
Ferry," 1 said.
"Oh. yes— It would be — If It were only «>.
Trouble Is, you keep remembering- he's such a
stumbling block to any real spiritual Inquirer.
Tes, and to himself; for, you know, spiritually
there's so much less hope for the moralist than
there is for the up-and-down reprobate! You
know that — Smith."
My silence implied that I knew it, though I
«Jid not feel any brighter, happier or cleaner.
"Smith, Ned Ferry la not only a Romanist,
he's a romanticist. We — you and me are re
ligionists. Our brightness and happiness air
the brightness and happiness of faith; our
cleanness is the cleanness of religious scruples.
Worst of it with Ned Is he's satisfied with the
difference, I'm afraid. That'a what makes him
eo pleasant to fellows who don't care a sou
marquee about religion."
I said one might respect religion even If he
did not —
"Oh, he's always polite to It; but he's he'»
read Voltaire! Oh, yes. Voltaire, George Sand,
all those men. He Questions the Bible, Smith.
Not to me, though; han, he knows better!
Smith, I can discuss religion and not get ma<2
¦with any one who don't question the Bible; but
if he does that I Just tell you I wouldn't risk
my Fool In euch a discussion! Would your*
I could hardly say, and we moved pensively
]N "The Cavalier" George W. Cable
has written a historical novel of more
than ordinary merit. The story it tells
is of sustained interest, while its style
has the usual charm of Cable*6 work.
There are not, to be sure, those passages
of musical prose found in other books of
his, *ut perhaps there is no particular
place for them In a record of the vicissi
tudes of war, which this Is. The scene of
"The Cavalier" Is laid In Mississippi dur
ing the closing period of the Civil War.
The principal character is Edgard Ferry -
Durar.d, an "officer in the Confederate
army. Durand. cr Ferry, as he is usually
called, is a brilliant, dashing soldier, an
example of the best type of the courage
ous, chivalrous Southerner. Ferry is the
leader of a famous band of cavalrymen
known as "Ferry's scouts." These men
are a picked company, who sweep over
the country to gather information of the
movements of the Federal armies. The
ctory Is supposed to be related uy a young
roan named Richard Smith. Smith is at
flrst a private in the Confederate forces,
and then one of Ferry's scouts.
There Is at the time the story opens a
¦woman named Charlotte Oliver living
near the headquarters of that division of
the Confederate army to which the scouts
are attached. This woman is the wife of
a precious rascal, whose cruelties have
become so unbearable that she has had to
separate from him. In order to support
herself che has become a war correspond
ent. Mrs. Oliver is beautiful, fascinating
and intensely loyal to the South. She is .
& epy for the Confederates. Under a pre
tense of devotion to the North she In
gratiates herself with some of the North
ern commanders stationed in the South,
and from them obtains passes through
the Union lines. She even pretends to
serve the North In the capacity o^ a se
cret agent. The liberty of movement al
lowed Mrs. Oliver Is utilized by her. of
course, for the benefit of the South. Fer
ry and Mrs. Oliver meet, and between
them there grows up an affection whicn
Is none the less deep because it is un
avowed.
There is a despicable character In the
book, Scott Gholson, who is a clerk of one
of the Confederate generals. This Ghol
son endeavors to make a simulation of re
ligious devotion conceal the envy and
hatred he feels toward those who possess
the good Qualities he lacks. Gholson en
tertains a particular dislike for Lieuten
ant Ferry, partly through Jealousy of the_
esteem In which Ferry is held and partly
because he suspects Ferry's affection for
Charlotte Oliver, with whom he himself is
In love. The character of Gholson, with
its mixture of low cunning, hypocrisy and
assured eelf-esteem, is very cleverly
rawn. The following: scene takes place
oetween Richard Smith and Gholson,
when Smith is not yet acquainted with
Ferry:
of the great moral truths which form the
fundamental part of all religious systems.
(Published by the Eaker & Taylor Com
pany, New York. Price 73 cents.)
In the end the genius of Hume meets
with acknowledgment and reward, and
the reader takes leave of him endowed
with the fame for which he served a long
apprenticeship. (Published by R. F. Fenno
& Co., New York. Price 50 cents.)
Again Hume decides to sacrifice himself
for the sake of the happiness of Lepage's
wife. He leads the relief expedition. Alter
a terrible Journey through the ice and
snow of the Arctic .region, The White
Guard, as Hume has named his party,
discovers Lepage and carries him back to
the post. Lepage has been lost in the
snow and la almost dead when rescued.
When he recovers from the long illness,
which follows his exposure to the Arctic
cold, Lepage confesses to Hume his crime
and begs forgiveness.
their v own nafe return, is a matter of
grave doubt. The leader of the relief par
ty is Jasper Hume, who has a particular
reason for going: to Seek Lepage.
; Hume and Lepage were once Intimate
friends, members of the same profession,
and In love -with the same woman. Hume
had just perfected a new invention, which
he had not yet published, when his health
failed," and he was ordered to a warmer
climate for a year. When he returned
home it was to discover that Lepage had
married the woman, and had given to the
world as his own the Invention of Hume,
which had been left in Lepage's care. For
the sake of Mrs. Lepage Hume suffered in
silence the wrong which had been clone
him. He allowed Lepage to reap the ben
fit of his work, and to be -.hailed by the
world as a genius. Hume retired into the
distant north, and there for ten years
worked and waited until he had brought
to perfection another Invention. Hume
was about to make this public when there
arrived at the post of the Hudson Bay
Company, where he was stationed, the
message about the disappearance of Le-
Page. , v/.r
THE SUNDAY OALIii
12
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
( Books (
I for I
Wedding
II Presents
Growing in
General favor
Beautiful and
Dare volumes
at™
Eider and Shcpard
238 POST STDEET
|_.
? NOW ISSUED. ?
Charles Warren Stoddard's
"In the Footprints
of the Padres."
Mr. Stoddard s?ts forth In this
vvorV his recollections of early
days in California. Beautifully
; illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once In or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion, i
PRICE $1 50 NET.
A. M, ROBERTSON,
Publisher. 126 Post Streot,THE i ;S UNDAY £ CALI,.
13ing. Headquarters. Batangas. Batangas.
FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE. Gen
eral Frederick D. Grant. Commanding.
Headquarters, Nueva Caceres, Camarines
Sur. >\
DEPABTMENT OP THE VISAYAS.
Brigadier General Robert P. Hughes,
Commanding.
Headquarters, Iioilo, Panay.
FIFTH SEPARATE BRIGADE.
Brigadier General .Robert P. Hughes,
Commanding.
Headquarters, Iioilo, Panay.
SIXTH SEPARATE BRIGADE.
Brigadier General Jacob H. Smith, Com
manding.
Headquarters. Tacloban, Leyte.
DEPABTMENT OF MINDANAO
AND JOLO,
AND BEPABATE SEVENTH BRIGADE.
Brigadier General George "W. Davis, tem
porarily commanding.
Headquarters, Zamboanga, Mindanao.
Car; iS, 6%a rarnaaao; t>, caaaon; G,
Cabugao; I. Batac; K, Laoag; L. Dln
gras; M, Panay; all in Department' of
Northern Luzon.
Pifth TJ. S. Cavalry, Colonel William
A. Bafferty, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff, band and Troop. L,
San Felipe. Luzon; A. Angeles; B, D,
San Fernando, Pampanga, Luzon; C,
Bayambang, Luzon; I, Montalban, Luzon;
K. Paslg, Luzon; M, Tanay, Luzon.
Sixth TJ. S. Cavalry, Colonel Theodore
J. Commanding.
Headquarters, staff. Troops L, M, San
Pablo; band. Troop I, Pasay Cavalry Bar
racks; A. Kale; B, Imus; K, C, Blnan;
E, G, Balayan; F, H, Taal; all in Depart
ment of Southern Luzon; Troop D, Bogo,
Cebu.
2J"inth TJ. S. Cavalry, Colonel Edward
S. Godfrey, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff, band and Troops L,
M, Legaspi; a. v, Nueva Caceres ; B, Cat
balonga; C San Jose de Lagonoy, E, Ll
gao; F, Gulnobatan; G, Camallg; H. Iriga;
I, Tabaco; K, Daraga; all Department of
Southern Luzon. '
Tenth TJ. S. Cavalry, Second Squad
ron, Captain T. G. Carson.
Troop E, Jaro, Panay; F, Leon, Panay;
G, Capiz, Panay; H, Poto tan, Panay.
Fifteenth TJ. S. Cavalry, Five Troops.
Headquarters, staff, . band and Troops
B. F. H, I, K, L, M. San Francisco, Cal.;
A, Cagayan de Mlsamla, Mindanao; B,
Jolo, Island of Jolo; C, Jiminez, Mindanao;
G. Davao, Mindanao: D, Llngaron. /
First TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel Abra
ham A. Haxbach, A. O. L., TJ. B.
Headquarters, staff, band and Compan
ies B, F, Catbalonga: A. B. Laguan, Sa
mar; C. Borongan; D.'SuIat;', G, Tavl
ran; H, Guinan; I, Catarman; K, Lanany;
L,Mano; M, Oquendo; all Island of Samar. ,
Second TJ7 S. In
fantry, Colonel Cy
rus S. Roberts,' Com
manding.
Headquarters, staff, band
and Company P, Lucena,
Tayabaa; B, Atlmonan, Taya
bas: G, Gulnayangan, Tayabaa;
H, Romblon, Romblon; I, I^a
guinmanoc, Tayabas; K, Catanau
- an, Tayabas; L, Pitogo, Tayabas;
M, Lopez, Tayabas; all Department
of Southern Luzon.
Third XT. S. Infantry, Colonel John
H. Page, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff, band and Company
D, Malabon; A, Polo; B, Caloocan; C, K,
Bacolor; E. Santa Maria; F, G, Balluag;
H, San Miguel; I,* Hagonoy; L, Mololos;
M, Bulacan; all Department of Northern
Luzon..
Tourth TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel Wil-
Ham P. Spurgin, D. S., TJ. S.;
Lieutenant Colonel Butler
: D. Price, Command- .
ing Begiment.
Headquarters, staff, band and Company
F, San Francisco de Malabon,' Cavite; A,
Muntlnlupa; B, C, Indanj D, Exps. .Bar
racks, Manila; E, Marangandon j G, Santa
Cruz, Cavite; H, i Nasugbu; L Naio; K,
Silang; L, Imus; M-Dasmarlnaa; all De
partment ot Southern Luzon.
J?if th TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel Charles
L. Da-vis, Commanding.
Headquarers, staff, band and .Compa
nies A, F, San Fernando, Union; B, Ban
gued, Abra; C, Santa, .Ilocos Bur; D, Bu
cay, Abra; B, , Bagnotan/'unlon; G, Na
gulllan: H, Rosarlo; L Candon: K. Bant*
Maria; L, Cabugaoj M, Pldlgan; all De
partment of Northern Luzon.
Sixth TJ. SL Infantry, Colonel Charles
ML . Miner, Commanding.
Headquarters, Btaff, band, Company F,
Bacolod, Negros; A, Calivo, ; Panay; B,
Sara, Panay; C, Capla; Panay; D, Cad
tnon, Panay: E> Escalante. Negros: G, Du
maguete,-Negros; H, Valadolld,' Negros;
I* In the field/Camp Rowan, Cebu; K, San
Jose, Panay; L, Bugason, Panay; M,
qulslte f raxed to write a word lest aha
betray herself, but the dainty paper In
which the sum of $17 was wrapped bora
a monogram, and habit' added another
clew in the wax seal on the envelope's
back.
In hard times remittances fall off, en the
principle that you must be "flush" before
you are generous with the Government. In
1S95 only seventeen individuals in our pop
ulation of 70,000,000 confessed to over
reaching Uncle Sam and reimbursing frjTn.
They turned In $700. It was regarded a*
a light remorse business. The barmer con
tribution came from London through Con
sul General Patrick Collins in March, 1896.
A clergyman In the presbytery of St. Paul,
who was acting for a parishioner, placed
the sum of $14,233 15 In his hands, for
transmission to the United States Govern
ment- No explanation was vouchsafed.
In the Treasury Department at Washing
ton speculation was rife for a time about
the true Inwardness of this contribution.
An opinion advanced was that some pecu
lating customs officer had "got religion.**
It was also conjectured that the sum rep
resented duties evaded by an Importer
who no longer needed tho money In hla
business. The next largest contribution
was JSOOO in notes of large denominations
w^/ch came from New York in 1831, thai
source being equally mysterious. Occa
sionally a name that appears to be gen
uine accompanies the amount. But the
Treasury Department's receipt usually
comes back undelivered. Unless the re
mittances are trifling they are always ac
knowledged In the newspapers. This rule
'of the department is, nodoubt. a solace
to the penitent. Humorists sometimes
try their wit on the Government with
Inventions that are too transparent to
get Into print. Cranks Indite letters more
remarkable for length than point, but no
crank has sent the Government a wel
come addition to the fund. The large
sums come from persons who unmistak
ably have suffered from remorse, and
whether fearful that life Is drawing to a
close, or religious conviction has re-
Claimed them, they cannot feel relief or
know a tranquil mind untn their accounts
with the Government are squared.' It has
been said that if revival meetings could
be held all over the United States simul
taneously the Conscience Fund would
Jump like a cornered stock on the «x
changeu— Ainslee's Magazine.
Uncle Jam's Conscience fund.
IN the year 1811 an anonymous citizen
of New York sent a dollar to tha
Treasury Department at Washington
with an avowal that he had defrauded
the Government and wanted to make
restitution. A dollar meant something to
Uncle Sam In those necessitous days when
the country verged on wax with Great
Britain, and It was a patriotic as well as
a penitent act The contributor was tha
founder of the conscience fund, and prob
ably ho died in the odor of sanctity. Dur
ing the preceding thirty-five years of the
life of the republic no one had despoiled
the Government,* or the private conscience
was callous. This New York man. Indeed,
seems to have been the one blemish on a
golden era of national virtues, for fifty
years were to elapse before there was an
addition to the fund. In 1861, Just after
Sumter was fired on. the sum of $6000 In
bonds was received by the Treasury De
partment with a letter explaining that a
sorely tried conscience could no longer en
dure Its burden of guilt. Tha plain infer
ence was that the sender,* realizing the.
United States would need a mint of money
to carry on the war, Judged It not to be a
time to defer repentance. ,Thlnk of the
bounty. Jumpers who profited by his fat
contribution! It was really useful to the
country In another way. The conscience
fund, which had languished for want of a
shining now became active. It
has been quoted pretty steadily ever since.
At the present time It amounts to more'
.than 1300,000. Indeed, restitution Is get
ting to be the fashion, and the time may
come when do one' will take advantage of
the Government, or do so only with the
laudable design of swelling the conscience
fund when any emergency Un
cle Sam.
Nothing is more curious than the puny
deceits which the regenerate sometimes
practices when contributing to the con
science fund, matching their cunning, as it
were, against the detective skin of an out
raged Government. A Pomeroy (Ohio)
penitent who sent 536. with a flirty scrawl
almost illegible, "Money I owe the pub
lic," thought to pass for an illiterate and
to throw suspicion on -his Inferiors. Let
ters, although written In a hand denoting
refinement, are often misspelled so clums
ily that a Sherlock Holmes is not needed
to detect the imposture. A Baltimore ex-
Hoilo, Panay j
all Department
of the Visayas.
Seventh TJ. S,
Infantry, Second
Battalion,' Captain
William " Wallace,
Commanding.
C, D, H, M, in the field,
Island of Samar.
Eighth XJ. S. Infantry, Col
onel "William E. Dougherty,
Commanding.
Headquarters, staff, band and
Company F, Santa Cruz, Lagruna;
F. Robe, Commanding.
E, San Pablo; G.Cavinti; H, Magda-
I, Majayjay; K. Bay; L, Pila;
M, ' Nagcarlans; aJl Department of
Southern Luzon.
Ninth U. S. Infantry, Colonel Charles
Headquarters, staff, band and Company
L, Calbayog, Samar; A, Santa Rita, Sa
mar; C,.G, Basey, Samar; D. Catbalogan,
Samar; E. Taranquan. Samar: F, Matu
ginao, Samar; H, Oras, Samar; I, Camp
Gandara, Samar; K, Parik, Samar; M,
Calbiga, Samar; all Department of the VI
sayas.* Company B, Peking, China.
Tenth TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel Stunner
H. Lincoln.
A, Puerta Princesa, Mindanao: B, Cuyo,
Cuyo Island;; C,M, Cagayan d© Mlsamis,
Mindanao; D.Illgan, Mindanao; I, Mlsa
mis, Mindanao; K, Surlgao, Mindanao; L,
Oroquleta, Mindanao. . ,.
Eleventh TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel I.
D. de Bussy.
Headquarters, field, staff, band, and
Company L, Tacloban; A, Matalom, field;
B, Palompon; C, Bay-Bay; D, Carigara;
I, Malitbog; K, Tanauan; M, Dulag; all
on the . Island of Leyte.
Twelfth TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel John
W. Bubb.
Headquarters, staff, band and Company
H, Tarlac, Tarlac; E, Moncada, Tarlac;
F, Mangatarem, Pangaslnan; G.Camlling,
Tarlac; I, Gerona, Tarlac; K, Victoria,
Tarlac; L. Cuyapo, Nueva Edja; M, San
Juan de Guimba, Nueya Ecija; all De
partment of Northern Luzon; A,' B, C, D,
In field. Island of Samar. <
Thirteenth TJ. S. Infantry, Major
Duncan, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff, - band and Com
panies I, K, Dagupan; San Fabian;
B, Pozorrublo; ; C, Malgandan; D, San
Jaclnto; E, Blnalonan; F, Manaoag; G,
Urdaneta; H, San Manuel; L, M, Lln
gayen; all province of Pangaslnan, North
ern Luzon.
Sixteenth TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel
Charles C. Hood.
Headquarters,., staff, band and Com
panies I and . M, Apaxrl, Cagayan j A,
Cordon, Isabela; B. D, Echague; C, So
lano, Nueva Viscaya; E, F, Ilagan, Isa
bela; G, H,\ Tuguegarao, Cagayan; K,
Abulug; L, Alcala, Cagayan.
Seventeenth. TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel
Greenleaf A. Goodale, rx S., TJ.
S.J Lieutenant Colonel H. 0.
Begiment.
Ward, Commanding
Headquarters, staff,, band and .Com
pany M. Zamboanga^ Mindanao; A, C, D,
Cottabato, Mindanao; B, Tucuran,Minda
nao; ; . E. " Bongao, ." Tawi-Tawl group; . F,
Slassl, Island of Slassl; G, H, Jolo, Island
of 'Jolo; I, Parang-Parang, Mindanao; : K,
Malabangr, Mindanao; ! L, Davao, Minda
nao. , ; • '*'-.'-. • • O
Nineteenth TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel *JI
mon Snyder; Lieutenant Colonel.
¦ James Miller, Commanding 1 /
- Headquarters, staff, band and Compan
ies A, D,* Cebu, Cebu; B, Danao, Cebu;
C, Bogo, Cebu; E, G, H, K, L, M, in the
field, Cebu; F, Dumanjug. Cebu; I, Tu
bigon, Cebu. s
Twentieth TJ. S. Infantry, Colonel
William S. McCaskey; Captain Mor
rison, Commanding Regiment.
Headquarters, staff, band and Compan
ies E, F, .G. H, Tahauan, Batangas; A,
Tallsay, Batangas; B, Santo Tomas. Ba
tangas; C, Sinlloan, Laguna; D, Lum
. bang, Laguna; I, Bauan, Batangas; K,
Ibaan, Batangas; L, Loboo, Batangas; M,
Batangas, Batangas; all Department of
Southern Luzon.
Twenty-first IT. S. Infantry, Colonel
Jacob Kline.
Headquarters, staff, band and Compan
ies B, D, H, I, Llpa, Batangas; A, K,
Calamba, Laguna; C, Tlaon. Tayabas; E,
Sarlaya, Tayabas; F. San Jose, Batangas;
H. Ban Isldro. Nueva Ecija: I. Rosalss),
Pangaslnan.
Twenty-fifth XT. S. Infantry, Colonel
Andrew S. Burt.
Headquarters, staff, band and com
panies F, H. Iba; A, Santa Cruz; B.
' Alamlnos; C, San Isidro; D, Dasol; E.
Masinloc; G, Bolinao; I, San Felipe; K,
Castlllejos; L, San Marcellno; M. San
Antonio; all in province of Zaznbales,
Northern Luzon.
Twenty-sixth XX. S. Infantry, Colonel
Williams.
. Headquarters, staff, band and com
pany I, Nueva Caceres, Camarlnes Sur;
A, Paracale, Camarines Norte; B, Pasa
cao, Camarlnes Sur; C. Indang. Camar
lnes Norte; D. Ragay, Camarlnes Sur;
E, Lupi, Camarlnes Sur; F, Daet. Cam
arlnes Norte; G, Llbmanan, Camarlnes
Norte; all In Department of Southern
Luzon.
Companies H, K. L and M. Major "Wil
liams, commanding; In the field, Island of
Saraar.
Thirtieth T7. S. Infantry, Colonel
Charles A. Dempsey.
« Headquarters, staff, band and com
panies A, I, Boac. JIarinduque; B, D,
Masbate. Masbate; C, Torrijos, Marln
duque; E, F, G. H, L, M, in the field.
Island of Mindoro.
veles, Bataan; H. Baler. Principe; 'X, TK
F, G. L K. L. M, Manna.
Twenty-fourth XT. S. Inf antry, Colonel
Chambers SlcXibben.
Headquarters, staff, band and com
panies B. D, K, M. Manila; A* Humlnsran.
Pangaslnan; C, Carranglan, Nueva Ecija;
E» Tayug, Pangaslnan: F, Penaranda,
Nueva Ecija; G, San Jose, Nueva Ecija;
tiago. Manila. P. I.
Coast Artillery— Twenty-fifth, Twenty
seventh, Thirty-first and Thirty-sixth
companies. Fort Santiago, Manilas-
Field artillery— Fourteenth, . Fifteenth
and Twenty-fifth batteries, Pasay Cav
alry Barracks (near Manila).
First U. S. Cavalry, Colonel Almond
B. Wells, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff, band and
Troops D, I, Batangas; A, Lucban;
B, Santo Tomas; C, Lucena; K,
Bauan; L, Tayabas; M, Llpa;
all in Department of Southern
Luzon. j
Third U. S. Cavalry, Col
onel Albert E. Wood
son, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff,
band and Troops E,
F, H, Vlgan; A. Na
macpacan; B, Ban-
TROOPS A2TD THEIR STATIONS.
(This station list has been carefully cor
rected from the latest returns. For naniea
of officers commanding, see roster.)^
Signal Corps, Lieutenant Colonel
James B. Allen, Commanding.
Companies E and F, Manila; IT, Hollo,
Panay. Officers and enlisted men from'
these companies are on duty throughout
the division. Above indicates headquar
ters.
Battalion of Engineers, Major Clin
ton B. Sears, Commanding.
Companies E. H. Manila; F, Iloilo,
Panay; G, Zamboanga, Mindanao. -
Artillery Corps, Lieutenant Colone.
George Greenough, Commanding.
Headquarters, staff and band. Fort San-
BELOW IS GIVEN A DIRECTORY OF ALL
UNCLE SAM'S BOYS STATIONED IN THE
PHILIPPINES. ANYONE WHO HAS A FRIEND
OR RELATIVE SERVING, IN THE ISLANDS
WILL FIND THIS LIST OF* THE GREATEST
VALUE FOR REFERENCE.
X1AJOB GENEBAL ADNA R.
CHAFFEE, TJ. S. A.,
Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS. MANILA, P. L
(Estado Mayor.) '¦ \
PERSONAL' STAFF.
Captain Grote Hutcheson, Sixth Cav
alry. U. S. A., military secretary.
Captain Frank DeW. Ramsey, Ninth In
far.try. U. S. A., aid de camp, acting as
sistant adjutant general.
Captain Julian R. Lindsey, Fifteenth
Cavalry. U. S. A., aid de camp, acting as
sistant adjutant general.
First Lieutenant Roy B. Harper. Sev
enth Cavalry. TJ. S. A., aid de camp.
DIVISION STAFF.
Colonel William P. Hall, assistant ad
jutant general. U. S. A., adjutant general.
Major James B. Kerr. assistant adjutant
pcneraH, U. S. A., assistant adjutant gen
eral.
Colonel Joseph P. Sanger, Inspector gen
eral. *U. S. A-. Inspector general and chief
of the staff-
Colonel Stephen TV. Groesbeck, Judge
advocate, U. S. A., judge advocate.
Major J. Biddle Porter, judge advocate,
U. S. A., in charge of civil affairs.
Colonel Charles F. Humphrey, assistant
quartermaster general U. S. A., chief
quartermaster. :
Colonel Charles A, Woodruff, assistant
commissary general of subsistence, U. S.
A..', chief commissary.
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Pope,
deputy surgeon general, U. S. A., chief
eurgeon. **
Colonel Albert S. Towar, assistant pay
master general. U. S. A., chief paymaster.
Major Clinton B. Sears, corps of engi
neers. U. S. A., engineer officer.
Major Andrew H. Russell, ordnance de
partment. U. S. A., ordnance officer and
commanding Manila ordnance depot
Lieutenant colonel James Allen, signal
corps. U. S. A., signal officer.
Captain Ralph H. Van Deman. Twenty
first Infantry. U. S. A.. In charge of
Bureau of Military Information.
DEPARTMENT OP NOBTHEBN
LUZON.
Major General Loyd Wheaton, com
manding. Headquarters. Manila.
FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE. Briga
dier General J. Franklin Bell, Command-
Ing. Headquarters. Dagupan, Pangasl
nan.
SECOND SEPARATE BRIGADE
Brigadier General Frederick Funs
ton. Commanding. Headquarters
San Fernandino. Pampanga.
DEPABTMENT OF SOUTH
ERN LUZON".
Brigadier General James
F. Wade. Commanding.
Headquarters, Manila.
THIRD SEPARATE
ERIGADE. Brigadier
General Samuel S.
Bumiier, Command-
THE i SUNDAY CALL.
14
O. Batansax. Eatancas: I* San Juan d«
Eoc-Boc, Batangas; M. Los Banos, La
guna.
Twenty-second TJ, S. Infantry.
Headquarters, staff, band and Company
C, San Iaidro, Nueva Ecija; 6. San Isldro
Military Prison. Nueva EcUa; E, Mari-
THE ARMY IN THE PHILIPPINES."This. yere ontoward an' onmerited re
buke to" Boggs' is followed by further
breaks as hard to fathom. Dave ain't
two days alike. One time he's that inso
lent he actooally passes Enright;; himse'f
in - the : street, an' ;with no more j heed* or
recognition than if Wolfville's chief is the
last -Mexican to come no'th of the line.
Then ag'in Dave ia effoosive an' goes
about riotin* in the s'ciety' of every -gent
" 'Which these yere insul tin', bluffs of
Dave's,' sjays. Boggs as we canvasses-, the
play a bit later, 'would Bhore have' cut me
to thai quick, \ but I knows' "it ain't on the
level. ,Dave ain't -himse'f when he de
clines, said nose paint— his intellects ain't
in camp.' . J' " ; . . - ' " «
'; 'Don't try to , braid this mule's tail
none,' says Dave, ' plumb haughty, an*
strides off with his muzzle in the air.
Boggs is confoosed. .-' ¦;,•-. ' t .'
"Which the first symptom— the advance
gyard, as it were, of Dave's gettin' queer,
is when Dave's standin* in front of the
postoffice. Thar's : a : far-away look to
Dave at the time, like he's Just heard
some" news an', he's trying to set
tle whether he's behind or ahead on some
deal. While thus wropped in this . yere
fit of abstraction Dan Boggs I comes hy
bernatin'- along an" asks Dave to p'int
into the ; Red Light for a smell of Valley.
Tan." Dave sort o' rouses up at thi3," an'
fastens on Dan with his eyes, half truc
ulent an", half amazed; same as if ¦; he's
shocked at Dan's familiarity. Then he
sort o' shakes his head decisive.
fraternal with the' balance 'of the herd,'
an' would no; more think of donnin* airs
or puttin' on dog than he'd think of
blastin' away at us with his gun. Yet,
as I states, eig-ht weeks prior, thar shorely
dawns a chance. . .-, ¦¦
" 'While I wouldn't think Dave's locoed
readily,' says Enright, 'seein' he's on
commonflrm on his mental feet, still It's
shore something. An' bein' it la some-
"At last Boggs, who as I sets forth for
mer ls> a' nervous gent, an* one on whom
silence soon begins to prey, speaks up.
Bein' , doubtful an' \ mindful of Enright's
argyment : ag'in his opal ' story bluff,
Boggs don't advance hla concloosions at
all emphatic. In a tone like he's out
ridln' for ' information himse'f, Bogg3
says: - .
; " 'Mebby," if it ain't opals — it's a case of
straight loco.'
" 'What do you-all think?*
"Goin' back, . however, to that Red
Light day, when Dave sets up the warble
of' 'Bye, . O Baby!'/ that a-way, followin'
Enright's s'licitationr for our thoughts,
we-all seta a heap still an' makes no re
sponse. Enright asks ag'in:
" 'Jest the v same, I think its opals
that's the "trouble with Dave,' . declar'B
Boggs, mighty; obstinate, 'an' while' the
rest of us can't yoonlte, with him, we re
ceives his view serious an* respectful so's
n6t to Jolt Boggs's f eelin's.
, " .'An* . so it is. This baleful prop'sitlon
has been sailin'-under a alias; it* ain't no
opal more'n ' a Colt's cartridge is a hard
boiled egg. An', of Jcourse, it's plain
them divers --an 1 .., several catastrophiea,
from /the loss of that ¦ kyard gent's bank
roll down to them Mexican nuptials of
the Unadvised lady j to whom I alloodes,
can't be laid none at Its door. The whole
racket \ shows an' shakes me to - that de
gree -that to-day I , ain't got no, settled
views on. opals, for black or
white.'. . '¦'-'¦''- ¦'". ". •• : . . '
Jeweler., sharp, lookin'up; Vlt's glass."
I "I. was. wont to think so," says Enright,
¦ "butthar once'ehances a play, 'the same
comin' off orider my personal^ notice, that,
shakes my ¦ convictions ; on that p'int.
; Thar's a ¦ broke down ; 'sport— this ; yere'3
long'agb while I'm briefly sojourning, in
j Socorro— who's got a opal. » an" puts -it "in
hock with a kyard ; sharp for .a" small
staked The kyard' gent says he ain't
alarmed none by, these .charges of . opals
; bein' : bad luck. It's a ring: an' • he sticks
"it on his little finger." Two days later" he,
¦ goes broke ag'in four Jacks. This terrifies
! him ; he begins to believe in them evil in
fluences of •; opals? He presents^ this-jew
- elry-to > a • bar-keep, who says, .since I hia
V 'No, I ain't onbendin' in no response,'
goes on- Boggs;/ 'Them accoosatibns of
Dave about me~honin', for said bauble* is
plumb oncalled for. I'd no more pack i a
opal than I'd cut'for deal an' embark on
a game of seven-tip k with a ghost. 'As I
states, the luck of opals is black.'
" ' "Dan, you're envious. You wants
that ornament yourse'f an* you're out -to
try ¦ an' make me diskyard itin ; ycur fa
vor. Sech schemes, Dan, can't make the
landin'. Opals that a-way Is as harmless
as milk. Also, I knows what becomes my
'looks,' -an' while I ain't vain, still, bein'
' married as you're aware; it's wisdom In
me to seize every openin' . for enhancin',
my charms. The better I looks, the bet
ter Tucson Jennie loves mie, an' ,. I'm. out
to retain that lady's heart as my own." \
" 'But I might as. well have addressed
that counsel to" a buffalo, bull 'for all the
respectful hieedll gains. •} Dave gives me
a grin, shets one eye. plenty cunnln' an'
says:; .' '.'•_..¦ : '-i '„ ,«¦'¦ j, .
none. .Which all opals is Implacable hoo
doos that a-way an'.; it'll shore. conjure up
your.rooin." : . ¦'
" 'Nacherally I don't say a word,' re
torts Cherokee. 'I ain't inhabited these
yere regions, remote as they; be from
them best Ideals an' high examples of the
East, not to long before, have learned the
excellence of that maxim about lettin'
every man kill his own snakes. I says
nothin' ; I simply looks about to locate
the victim of them machinations with a
view of goin' ag'inst his play —— '
"It's when Cherokee arrives- at this
place in his recitals \ that Dave ; evolves
his ; Interruptions. He's"- been, camped by.
"'An' nacherally, you denounces this
yere. felon,' says Colonel Sterett/ who's
come in an* who's integrity of the active
sort.
case-keep, an* instanter I feels like I'd
known that bevy of bandits since long be
fore the war. Also, I realizes their meth
ods, after I takes a good hard look. That
dealer's got what post gradyooates in
faro-bank robbery calls a "end squeeze"
box; the deck is trimmed— "Wedges" Is
the name-^-to put the enSs ag'in the mid
dle, sanded so as to let two kyards come
at a clatter whenever said phenomenon is
demanded by the exigencies of their
crimes; an' thar you be. No, It's a fifty
two-kyard deck all right, an' the dealer
depends on "puttin' back" 'to keep all
straight. Which I'm driven to : concede
that the put-back work of said party is
like a romance; puttin' back's his spesh
ulty. His left hand would sort o' settle aa
light as a dead leaf over the kyard he's
after that a-way— not a tenth p.art of a
second— an' that pasteboard would come
along, palmed as I says, an' as. his hand
floats over the box, like he's goin' to
make the next turn, that kyard would re
assoome its place inside. An' all as
smoothly serene as pray'r meethVs.'
"'Which, of course, you gents Is famil
iar by repoote at least with the" several
plans for redoocin' draw-poker to the pro
saic level of shore-things. Thar's the
"bug" an* the "foot-move" an* the "sleeve
hold-out" an* dozens of other schemes for
playin' a cold hand. An' thar's optimists,
when the game is easy, who depends
wholly on a handkerchief in their laps to
cover their nefariousness. If I'm driven
to counsel a gent concernin* poker,, it
would be to never play with strangers;
an' partic'lar to never spee'late with a
gent who, sneezes a lot, or turns his head
an* talks of draughts of cold air Invading
the place, or says his foot's asleep an'
gets up to stampede about the room after
a hand Is dealt an' prior to the same bein'
played. It's four to one an*, a half this
yere afflicted sharp is workln* a. hold-out.
" 'As I observes,' goes on Cherokee, 'ev
ery sport has his speshulty. Thar's Ca
sino Joe; his is that he can "tell the labt
four." Nacherally, bein' thus gifted, a
game of casino Is like so much money in
the bank for Joe. Still, his gifts ain't
crooked; they're genius; Joe's simply born
able to "tell the last four."
" 'That puts the drinks on me,' says
Faro Nell, blushin' with pleasure, an*
she- signs-up Black Jack for the nose
paint.
" 'Bein" the loveliest of your sex," says
Cherokee, a heap emphatic, an' we-all
strings our game with his.
" 'Wbate-ver is my speshulty, .Cherokee?'
asks Faro Nell, who's as immersed as the
rest in them settin's forth; 'what do you
all reckon now is my speshulty?'
Dave's is being married, Jack Moore's Is
upholdin' law an' order, Boggs's is bein'
superstitious, Missis Rucker's is bakin 1
powder biscuits, an* Hugglns's is strong
drink.'
" That's splendid, Cherokee.' cays Faro
Xell -from tier lookout's roost by. his
• *
" This yere dead fall— this brace I'm
mentionin',' says Cherokee, 'is over on
the Plaza. Of course, I calls this crooked
game a "brace" In speakin' tharof to you
all sports who ain't really gamblers none.
That's to be p'lite. But between us,
among accredited kyard sharps, a brace
game is allers allooded to as "the old
thine-" Which if you refers to a game
of chance that a-way. as "the old thing,"
they knows at once that every chance is
'llmlnated an* said device rigged for mur
der.*
"When Dave evolves them cadencies in
the Red Light that evenin', thar's En
right, Moore an' me along with Dan
Boggs. bein' entertained by hearin' Chero
kee Hall tell us about a brace game he
gets ag'inst in Las Vegas one time.
"No," responded my frosty friend, set
ting down his glass; "we'll pursoo them
queernesses of Dave's. That Tucson
elopement 'is another story a heap,' as
some wise maverick says some'ers, an'
111 onload it on you on some other day.
Here my old friend paused and called
for refreshments. I seized the advantage
of his silence over a glass of peach and
honey to suggest an eagerness for the
finale of that Tucson love match.
"But to go back to Dave."
a-runnin*
" 'Which, givin' my consent.' says En
right when explairin* about it later, 'is
needed to protect this yere tempest tossed
lever in the possession of his skelp. The
old cent an* that maiden fa'r has got
him between *em. an' onless we opens up
Wolfville as a refuge it shore looks like
they'll cross-lift him into the promise!
land.'
"The replies of this yere pinfeather
party soothes Enright, an' engages him on
that side, so he ups an' tells this "swain,'
as Colonel Sterett calls him, later in the
Coyote, to grab off his inamorata an' come
" 'None whatever!' says the pinfeather
party. 'Which it's on account of you
wolves bein' regyarded as plumb peaceful,
staid an' law abidin' that I first considers
you. Then agin thar ain't a multitood of
places clost about Tucson to elope to no
how; an' I can't elope far on account of
my roll.*
" 'Why,' says Enright, rubbin' his fore'
erd some doobious, 'it shore would look
like the old gent is a leetle set ag'in you.
Still, as the reesponsible chief of this
yere camp, I would like to hear why you
all reckons Wolfville is a good Dlace' to
elope to. 1 don't s'ppose it's on account
of them drunkards over in Tucson makin*
free with our good repoote, an* lettin' on
we're light an' immoral that a-way?'
" 'Which I shore jest shows you what,*
says the pinfeather party. 'He gets the
range before ever I opens my mouth, an'
plugs me. So, as I states, I begins to half
despair of gettin' his indorsements. I
leaves it to you-all; be I right?"
" 'That's straight.' sa^-s the pinfeather
party, buttonin' up his sleeve; 'you calls
the turn. I wins out said abrasion plead
in* with the old gent. Which 1 tackles
him twice. The lirst time he opens on me
with that 44-eun before ever I ends the
sentence. But he misses. Naeherally 1
abandons them marital intentions for
what you-all might call the 'nonce,' to
sort o' look over my hand agin' an' see
be I right. Do my best 1 can't on earth
tell no reasons ag'in them nuptials. More
over, the lady— who takes after her old
gent a heap — cuts in on the play with a
bluff that while she don't aim none to
crowd my hand, she's shore doo to begin'
shootin' me up herse'f if I don't show
more passionate anxiety about ieadin' her
to the altar. It's then, not seein' why the
old gent should go entertainin' them no
tions as'in mt, an" dcemin' mebby that
when he blazes away that time he's
merely pettish an' don't really mean said
bullet none, I fronts up ag'in.'
" 'An' then,' asks Enright, 'whatever
does this locoed parent do?'
" 'Coifs six-shooter,' says Enright.
" 'Seein' the old gent." says the pin
feather party, 'speshully when you lay*
it smoothly off that a-way, shore does
seem simplicity itse'f. But if you was to
prance out an' try it some it would be
found plenty complex. See yere!' goes
on the pinfeather party, beginnin* to roll
up his sleeve, 'you-all impresses me as
more or less a jedge of casyooalities.
Whatever now do you think of this?" An'
the piufeather party exhibits a bullet
wound in his left forearm, the same bein'
about half healed.
" "But whatever's the call for you to
elope at all?' remonstrates Enright; 'the
simple way now would be to round up
this yere lady's paternal gent, an" get his
consent.'
" 'Which I'm out to elope a whole lot
from Tucson," explains this yere pin
feather party to Enright, 'an' I aims to
cinch the play. I'm a mighty cautious
sport, an' before ever I hooks up for ac
tooal freightin' over any trail, I rides her
once or twice to locate wood an' water,
an' pick out my camps. Said system may
seem plenty timorous, but it's shore safer
a heap. So I asks ag'in whether you-all
folks has any objections to me elopin* into
Wolfville with my beloved, like I sugests.
I ain't out to spring no bridals on a on
protected outfit, wherefore I precedes
the play with these yere queries."
"It's plumb easy to remember this yere
Red Light o'casion, for jest prior to Dave
alarxnln' u« by becomin' meelodious, fur
tlf—melody bein' wholly onnacheral to
Dave, that a-way — thar's a callow pin
feather party comes caperin' in an" takin'
old man Enright one side, asks can he
yooutilize Wolfville as a strategic p'int
in a elopement he's goin' to pull of.
camp for mighty likely she's
two months, when Dave's myster'ous ac
tions one evenin' in the Red Light sort
o' brings things to a climax, an' a over
strained public, feelin* it can b'ar no
more, begins to talk.
WHICH these yere queernesses of
Dave's." observes the Old
Cattleman, "has already been
harrowin' an' harassin' up the
Copyright, 1302, by Robert Howard Russell
"'Gents,' says Dave, an' his air la that
patronlzin' it would have been exasper
atin' only we're so relieved, 'gents, I'm
yere to seek congratulations an' set 'em
up. Peets an' that motherly angel, Missis
Rucker, allows I'd be of more use yer*
than in my own house, so I nacherally
floats over. Coupled with a suggestion
that we drink, I want to say that It's a
boy,, an' that I names it Enright Peeta
1 utt.
"It's about fourth drink time the evenin* 1
of the third day an* most of us Is in th«
Red Light. Thar's a gloom overhangs us
like a cloud. Mebby It's them oncertaln
ties which envelopes Dave; mebby It's be
cause Missis Rucker's done deserted an*
left us to rustle our own grub or starve.
Most of us is full of presentments that
something's doo to happen. All at once
Dave walks in. A sigh of relief goes up,
for the glance we gives him shows he's
all ' right— sane as Knright— «lothed an* in
his. right mind as set forth in holy -writ.
Also, his countenance is a wrinkle of glee.
"The next day Missis Rucker abandons
her post: an' we, feedln* ourse'fs, sort o*
keeps us busy, an' we don't find mucH
time to discuss Dave. Also, Dave disap
pears; both Dave and Missis Rucker fade3
from view.
" 'Of course. I could ask her more ques
tions,' says Enright, 'but gents. I shora
didn't deem It wise. Missis Rucker Is a
most admirable character; but I'm sooper
stitious about crowdin' her too dost. Lika
Boergs says about opals, thar's plenty of
bad luclc lurkin* about Missis Rucker if
you only goes about its development the
right way.'
" 'Which the sltyooatlon Is too many for
me.* says Boggs, goin' up to the bar for at
drink. 'I gives it up. I ain't grot a notion
left onless it Is that Dave's runnin* for
office. That Is, I would entertain aech a
notion, only thar ain't no, office.*.
"As Missis Rucker speaks up plumb
vigorous, an' as none of us has the nerve
to .ask her further an* take the resk o*
turnin'- loose her temper, we lines out
ag'in for the Red Light an' no cl'arer than
when we starts.
" 'Knows it,* replies Missis Rucker. 'of
course, I knows it: But I don't propose
to discuss it none with you tarrapins. I
ain't got no patience with sech dolts.
Now, you-all is, yere, however, I'll glvs
you notice, that to-morry you can begin
to do .your own cookin* till you hears
further from me. I'm goin' to be other
wise engaged. Most likely I'll be back In
my kitchen ag'in in a day or two; but I
makes no promises. An' ontil sech times
as I shows up. you-all can go scuffle for
yourse'fs. I've shore got more important
dooties Jest now than cookin' chuck for
you.' •¦••'.
" 'Then you do know. Missis Rucker,*
Kays Enright, 'the secret that's gnawln*
Dave?' .
" 'See yere, Sam Enright,' retorts Missis
Rucker, pausin' over the salt hoss. *you
ain't doin* yourse'f proud in this. You
better round up this herd of Inebriates
an' get back to the Red Light. Thar'a
nothin' the matter with Dave Tutt; least
wise if it was the matter with you, you'd
be some improved. Dave Tutt's a credit
to this camp; never more so than now;
the same bein' a mighty sight mor*n I
could say of any of you-all an' stick to
the trooth.*
" 'We waits on you, madam,' says En
right, when later, some ten minutes,
Boggs, Cherokee, me an' Texas Thomp
son is in the kitchen of the O. K. res
tauraw; where Miss's Rucker is slidn* salt
hess an* layin* the foundations of supper;
'we waits on you to ask your advice.
Dave Tutt's been carryin' on in a manner
at once doobious an' threatenin'. Which
It ain't too much to say that we-all fear*
the worst. We comes now to invite you
to tell us all you knows of Dave an* what
ever it Is that so onsettles him. Our lde*
Is that you saveys a heap about It.*
" 'Which suspetisa this a-way,' says
Boggs, after Peets pulls his freight an*
leaves us no wiser than when he shows in
the door, 'makes me desp'rate. I'll make)
thi3 motion: Let's all prance over In a
bunch an' demand a explanation of Missis
Rucker. Dave's been talkin' to her as
much as ever he has to Peets, an* thar's
no professional hobbles on the lady; she's
free to speak.*
"This yere's as far as Peets'll go. Ha
declines to talk longer on professional
grounds.
" 'Da\e may be boisterous later,* says
Peets, an* his reply comes slow an*
thoughtful, like he's considering 'he may
make a Joyful uproar, but he won't wax
dangerous.*
" 'Tell us at least, Doc,' says Enrijht,
•whether Dave's likely to grow voylent.
If he is, it's only proper that we arranges
to tie him down.'
" 'Tell you-all folks what's the natter
with Dave?' says Peets. 'Pards, It's sim
ply not in the deck. Meanin' no disre
spects—for you gents knows me too well
to dream of me harborin' anything but
f eelin's of the highest regyards for one)
an' all— I'll have to leave you camped In
your original darkness. It would be
breakin' professional confidences. Shore,
I saveys Dave's troubles an' the causes
of them vagaries of his; jest the same ths
traditions of the medical game forces ma
to hold 'em sacred an' secret.*
"For a full hour we does nothin" btrf
canvass this yere question of Dave's
aberrations. At last a idee seizes us.
Thar's times when Dave's been aeea
caucusin' about with Missis Rucker an*
Doc Peets. Most likely one of 'em's abl»
to shed a ray on Dave. By a excellent
coincidence, an' as if to he'p U3 out,
Peets comes In Just as Texas Thompson
Eu'gests that mebby he's qualified to on
ravel the mystery.
" 'Which I'm rehearsin',* says Dave, an*
he shows "he's Impatient. 'Don't coma
pesterln' me with no questions,' goes on
Dave. 'I'm like the ancient Romans;
I've got troubles of my own; an' no sport
who calls himse'f my friend will aggri
vate me with any ontimely inquis'tive
ness.* Then Dave gets up a heap proud
an' stilted an' pulls his freight an' leaves
us more onsettled than at first.
" be you hummin* toones for,
Dave?' asks Cherokee, all accidental like.
"We-all sets breathless while Cherok««
s'anters down to where Dave's camped,
wropped, as I says, in them melodies.
" 'I reckons, however,' says Cherokee,
'that I'll assoome the resk. Dave an*
me's friends, an' I allows If I go«s after
him in ways both soft an' careless, so as
not to call forth his suspicions, he'll take
it good-humored even if he 13 locoed.'
' " 'I'd be some slow about propounding
sech surmises to Dave,' says Boggs. "He
might get hostile; you can put a wager
on it, he'd turn out disagree'ble to a de
gree if he did. No, you-all's- has got to
handle, a loonatic with gloves. I knows
a gent who tangles himse'f with a loona
tic,-askln' Questions, an' gets all chewed
up.* .
" 'Whatever for a play it would oe,*
says .Cherokee, 'to go an' ask Dave him
se'f rirrht now?'
thing, it's possible, as you says, lat
Dave'3 off his base.'
" 'Which sports has speshulties same, as
other folks. Thar's Texas Thompson, his
speshulty is ridin' a hoss, while Peets's
speshulty is shootin' a derringer. Colonel
Sterett's is pol'tics, Enright's is jestice,
" 'Not that I'm no beacon, neither,-' says
Cherokee, 'on the rocky, wreck-sown
shores of sport; an' not that 1 ever re
scrts to ooderhand an' doobious deals
myse'f. still I'm cap'ble of p'intin' out
them dangers Scientists of my sort, no
matter how trooan' faithful to the p'int
of honor, is bound to savey these kyard
docplicities in their uttermost depths or
get left dead on the field of , finance.
Every gent should be honest. But more
than honest— speshully if he's out to buck
faro bank or set in on casyocal games of
short kyards — every gent should be wise.
In them amoosements I mentions to b3
merely honest can't be considered a com
plete equipment. Wherefore, as I states
yeretofore, while I never makes a crooked
play, an' don't pack the paT'fernaiia so
to do, I'm plenty astoote as to how said
tricks is turned.
"Thar's no game goin' at this epock an'
Cherokee signifies his willin'ness to be
come instructif.
shoulder: 'give 'em a lecture on the per
ils of sramblin' with strangers.'
himse'f in a' far corner of the room an*
ain't 'been .noticin' -nobody an' nobody's
been noticin' him." All at once in tones
which is low,- but a heap discordant, Dave
hums to himse'f something that sounds
like: '
Bye, O babe', lie" still and slumber,
Holy angels gyard thy, ; bed.
"At; this Cherokee : nacherally, an' in a
horrified way, stops, an' we-all, looks at
each other. Enright makes a disparin'
gesture toward Dave an' says: : 
'' 'Gents, first callin' xyour attention to
the fact that Dave ain't over-drinkt, an'
that no nose paint theory is possible in
accountin' for them acts, I asks you for
your opinions? As you knows this yere
thing's been goin' for'ard for some time,
an' I desires to hear if from any stand
p'nt of public Interest that a-way, do you
all flgger that steps should be took?'
"In order to fully onderstand Enright
in all he means, I oughter lay bare that
Dave's been conducting himse'f in [a man
ner not to be* explained for mighty likely
she's eight weeks. Yeretofore thar's no
more sociable sport an' none-' who's sys
tem is easier to savey in all Wolfville
than Dave.' While holdin' himse'f 'at
what you might call 'par' on all occasions,
Dave is still plenty mingleso'me an' plumb
whereof he , cuts the trail. One day j ne
won't drink; -.an* -the. next he's, tippin' the
canteen from; sun-up tillhe's claimed by
sleep. He acts -like he's a heap rattled^
Which he' gets --us ; plumb' distracted ; :no
'one can-keep a tab qn-him. , What with
them silences an' volyoobilities, sobrieties
an'.days.of drink, an' all in bewilderin' al
ternations,: he's snore got ' us : goin' four
ways at once. - . ' ¦ ¦
"'In spite of the fact,' says Dan Boggs
ag'in, when we're turnin' Dave's conduct
over ; iiT our minds an'- rummagin' about
for reasons; , 'in spite of the fact,"I says,
that I'm s posted' in j advance ; that I'm up
ag'inst a gen'fal shout of derision on ac
count of me.beln' sooperstitious, I'm yere
to offer "two to one Dave's hoodooed.
Moreover, I can name the hoodoo.'
" 'Whatever Is it. then?' asks Texas
Thompson: 'cut her freely loose an' be
shore of our solemn consid'ration.'
. "/It's opals,'. says Boggs. Them gems,
as every well .instructed gent . is aware,
is the very sperlt of bad luck._ Dave'a
wearin* one in his * shirt right now. It's
a opal pin j he decks himse'f • out ; with
while he's relaxln' with nose paint in
Tucson. I'm with him at the time. "I
says to him: -
4. « <'E> ave> I -wouldn't mount that opal
game limits itse'f to sellin' llcker, belli*
plenty careful not to drink none himse'f,
his contractin' destinies don't offer no field
for bad luck. In less time than a week
his wife 'leaves him; an* that drink shop
wherein he officiates is blown down by a
high wind. That barkeep emerges from
the roolns of his domestic hopes, an*- that
gin. mill, an' endows a lady of his ac
quaintance with this yere ornament. It.
ain't twenty- four hours when she cuts
loose and weds a Mexican. Which by this
time, excitement is shorely runnin' high,
an* you-all couldn't have found that citi
zen in Socorro with a search warrant who
declines to believe In a opal's bein' bad
-domain wni jo 3J0)s i£ji3^3f aq) sunj au.
luck. On. the hocks of them catastrophles
it's the common notion that nobody better
own the opal; an' said male v-lent stone, In
the dooal capac'ty of a curiosity an' a
wafnin", is put in the seegyar case at the
Early Rose s'loon. The first day it's thar
a Jeweler sharp comes in for his drinks — I
oils an' knows about diamonds an' sim'lar
jumcracks, same as Peets does about med
icine — an' he considers ¦ this talisman,
scrootinlzln' it plumb clost.
" 'Do you-all believe in the bad luck
of opals?' asks a pard who's with him.
"' "This yere ain't no opal," says the
"'No, I don't regyard crooked folks as
dangerous at poker, only you've got to
watch 'em. So long as your eye'is on 'em
a* heap attentif, they're powerless to per
form their partie'ler miracle, an' as a re
suit—since that's the one end an", aim of
their efforts — they becomes plenty ! Inoc
uoua. As a roole, crooked people ain't
good players on the squar'. An' as long
as you- makes 'em play squar', >: they're
shore yours.
,• " 'But speakin' of. this yere devious per
son on the Las Vegas Plaza that time:
The outfit is plumb onknown to me— I'm
only a pilgrim an' a stranger in the camp
an' don't intend to tarry none— when I
sets up to the lay-out. I ain't got a bet
down, however, before I sees the gent
who's dealin* slgn-iip the seven to the
Then thar's the "punch" to mark a deck,'
an' the lookin' glass to. catch the kyards
as they're dealt. Then thar's; seen ma-'
noovers as. stackin' a deck' and shiftin'. a
cut an' dealin' double.- Thar's. gents who
does their work from -the bottom- of , a
deck^-puts up a hand on the bottom, an'
confers it on a pard or themse'fs, as dove
tails with their moods. . He's a one-arm
party — shy bis right arm, he is — who deals
a hand from the bottom the best I ever :
beholds: as I observes, it's his speshulty.
THE? STJNI> AX iCAIili.
WOLFVILLE STORIESGIUXS XJSXr ALI/X" DO-
"Have you Moore's poems T" inquired
the sweet young thing.
"I, think so. mlsa. -I'll look m a min
ute." replied the clerk In the bookstore.
"By the way, here's a fine new story,
Just out. It's called 'Just One Kiss/
and—"
J,' 1 1 25$ Moora -'.* ¦&• interrupted'feaa**
tlly.—Philadelphia Press.
aged. There ta a story told of her which
shows her views on this point pretty
clearly.
During her visit to this country last sea
son she offered to give an hour each day
to a young kinswoman who had a prom
ising voice. The hour set for the lesson
was 11 o'clock, and at 11 each day many
warbles could be heard coming from the
diva's room, where her singles school of
one pupil was going on.
One day the pupil failed to appear.
Madame Nordica met her later in th«
day and anxiously Inquired why she had
not come for her lesson. "You were HIT"
she asked earnestly, with a voice full of
sympathy.
"Oh. no." replied the girl In an off-hand
manner. "But It was too hot to work."
"Hot!" exclaimed the diva. "My dear,
if you expect ever to rise to the top, you'll
find it hot all the way up."
self. On* of tli* things which has'attract
ed most attention is a lullaby.
"The Southern lullaby which I have been
singing Is not a 'coon' song." sh» said.
"The music is by Ethelbert Nevln and th«
words by frank L. Stanton. Any one hav
ing the least acquaintance with Kevin's
music would know that it could not be
ragtime. It Is a slmpl» melody, a sweet
little Southern lullaby, which. I hav» suns
aa an encore after a heavy protframme of
the most difficult music— Just a little fun
and relief for the moment, you know.
"I like to keep up a variety of music.
My programme contains every known
style of ballade-German lleder, French
chansons, Hungarian, Italian and English
ballads, besides selections from opera and
oratorio."
"I am determined that the feature' of
my concerts shall be range and variety of
what is best, and the programmes tax my
voice to the- fullest capacity. Soms sing
era rive *a whole" evening to on© styla of
composition, and for some of the audi
ence It may be delightful, but In a general
way it does not gtr- compile satisfac
tion." ' . ' \
The fact that she Is able to do this, that
¦he has developed her voice to such a
breadth of power, is the. result of hard
work, which she loves. She has little pa
tience with people who are easily discour-
** y ORDICA la on her way t* us one*
f\\ more, this time dissolved from
V V that are all her own.
She, with her manager, her ac
companist. E. Romayne Simmons, and
two slaters. Mrs. Baldwin of Boston and
Mrs. Walker of New York, make up the
party who are Journeying across the con
tinent in a private car for the son* re
cital tour, which is to extend through, the
East, West. North and South of the
United States and through Canada as
welL
The car Is named Brnnnhilde In honor
of v the role In which Mme. Nordica has
made some of her biggest triumphs. It
has been especially fitted for her use, so
that the diva may experience as few
discomforts as possible In her long Jour
ney that will cover four or five months
and many thousands of miles.
A genuine brass bed. daintily draped, is
In her own room on this car, taking the
place of the ordinary berth or couch. A
canopied dresser is also there and easy
chairs, all upholstered in as fragile ma
terials as in your b«st boudoir on terra
firma. A bath opens out from the room
and furnishes what Mme. Nordica calls
her "refuge"; she always says that the
one reason she is not a perfect traveler Is
that she likes too well to be clean.
In the car are several other sleeping
and dressing rooms and dining room and
kitchen. The rest of the car Is Bet aside
for the observation Bection, which takes
the place of living-room, music-roonj,
parlor and library.
In this are Nordica's favorite books.
There are some charming book shelves
that fit into odd corners, little curtained
nooks that remind Nordica of her own
home. She ha6 brought with her on her
trip as many of her treasures as she can
contrive to carry, so that the dreariness
of the road is entirely disguised.
A charming desk occupies one corner of
the room. Here the singer keeps up with
her correspondence and enlivens the trip
by chatting with her friends on paper.
In this room Is the piano. Therefore
it Is the room where the privileged few
love to gather, for here Mme. Nordica
entertains them from time to time with
the songs that they choose from her long
repertoire.
Nordica opened her tour In Pennsylva
nia about the middle of November. Since
then she has been working her way west
In the^ private car.
She is said to be carrying some swell
gowns. They are all Worth creations.
One. a cloth of gold, is .embellished with
lace that Is valued by experts at 60,000
francs; another, of grass green velvet. Is
unadorned, except for exquisite neck
garniture of rare old Irish point lace. Her
jewels, which Include a tiara and a col
lar, are gorgeous in their brilliancy.
Not the least Important personage in
the party now touring the country In the
car Brunnhilde Is a diminutive dachs
hund only a few months old, which is the
diva's latest and most highly prized pet.
The little animal was presented to her
by the Prince Regent of Bavaria on the
opening of the new "Wagner Theater In
Munich, when, by special Invitation, Mme.
Nordica sang Isolde and Elsa- in the
dedicatory ceremonies. It was conslderei
a most unusual honor, for she was tha
only foreign Einger to appear in the thea
ter to sing in German at the dedication of
the temple of the great German master.
Tuffy, the dachshund. Is blue In color
and truly blue Mooted, and is a. mest
dainty and mannerly little fellow who
never thinks of biting and seldom barks.
He wears a silver collar presented to
Mme. Xordiea by the Duch<vs of Meck
lenburg, who, as the daughter of the
reigning house, was at liberty to have
the collar made in the design of an an
cient bracelet kept in the "Green Cave"
of Dresden, the famous royal art treas
ury of Saxony. Jt is against the law to
copy any cf the treasures of the collec
tion, but, of course, royal permission In
Saxony has special prerogatives.
Nordica passed the summer in the Black
Forest and gained wonderfully in health.
Her energy is always great and, like
Bernhardt, slie takes a rest by changing
her occupation. Last summer, hid away
in the famous forest of Germany, she oc
cupied her leisure time in writing a book
—"Hints for Singers." As she sings every
opera from "Don Pasouale" to "Gotter
dammerung" she ought to be able to
give the young singer a few tips that are
worth while.
A little story of her during her sum
mer's sojourn in the forest has leaked
out. It seems that she and her husband,
Zolton Dome. w« re- .nay ins in a little vil
lage. For six creek* in the summer the
hotel is full, Lut the guests during this
loafing seaFoi; ecem to be too lazy to en
joy even luuslc.
O:.v fay some strolling musicians an
r.ounced a concert there, but when they
too:-; .their places in readiness an 'audl
u ¦ s of only two, besides Mme. Nordica
ai d Mr. Dome, put in an appearance.
1 'ifteen minutes passed in waiting, then
tnadame had' an inspiration. She confid
ed it to her husband and he disappeared.
In half an hour a procession was seen
coming up the street. Mr. Dome had
awakened ' the villagers and on the
strength of an Invitation to be his guests
they dressed themselves and came to the
concert, which, as a result, was begun by
the comforted musicians at about the
hour when it should have ended.
Nordica has in her repertoire, this eea
son a little of everything. She furnishes
the entire evening's entertainment her-
How the great singer trav
els, some anecdotes from her
summer trip of last year to the
Black Forest of Germany, and
what her repertoire will In
clude for t**« season.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
16; '".Continued on Page Eighteen. -' ;
Continued on Page Eighteen.
I question was "objected to" as immaterial,
counsel "for .--the. defense; '. declaring', that
they never had been supplied with a copy
of Morris'- statements. The objectlon#*tras
overruled and the -witness- replied V!Ycs v ."
He g'ald that he had made, his firigt state
ment on the night' of his* arrival' from
Bleber, -Boyd' and Post '.being '.present.
Answers'. to these questions 'were, brought
out after . . objections by ; ii. Spencer,, i who
saidf ; ; ¦..;-¦;' ¦'-.••; > V- /-'.¦"
'ft "These; statements are hidden \ from I us
and I ; can't see /what thia" jury, has to do
.¦with'-_those^statements.". '. ,V_' t ':. ." "
I • Morris safe that he had never
promised Immunity previous to making
-his. first statement. Spencer claimed that
the ; ; . Attorney,' General's, ofhee . hadV no
authority to make ' an offer of Immunity.
' Post— We have protected the '.witness
just the" same. ¦ " ' "..
.' Spencer — The court has protected .him/
• Post — He is absolutely free right-now.
, Raker— He is not and we will show you.
Post (to witness)— Wa3 . the statement
that, you 'made on the night* of your ar
.rival general ''or. in detail?.... ' "
; Witness— It was in detail. ¦'.
j Post— What' was the statement you
made? . !
Witness— When you came. into the room
I said: "General, I was in that lynching
andjthe reason I Jiad not told you before
was*that I had been drinking ' and was
not accountable. '*„_ I did not make a fur-?
ther statement. ¦..¦ \ . ¦ , • • . _ .¦. _
. Post-rWhen did you make that written
statement? - '. ,- \ ¦¦¦ j ¦
: Witness— Next morning at 5 o'clock/ 'h
.Raker— We ask that we be furnished .'a
copy of that , statement. ; ' ,
, The court— You have had several rulings
that the" application Is denied.' ... . •
Spencer— I demand that the prosecution
give us the'^prlvllege of seeingit. '
. The court (to (reporter)— Cut ; that, out:
You can't'see. any private papers of the
prosecution, and you: know it. /. ' . ' •
-••Spencer protested - and the, court - told
hlm^that he was not too ; old 'to' 'learn.
Spencer' then took up the- crdss-examin-.
'ation; *'-'.' '.'' :^Vr /. ;¦.¦"'". ,; -. ; *;. '..'. ;-% :
Spencer— Was the statement. you 'made
afterjv'ard reduced; to? writing?;; ; . -.'¦¦¦.
/. Anj objection; was : sustained." - : • " :
'^Benqer-TWas the statementf you: made
In theTevening reduced»to writing? »
.Post *.rose excitedly and said: . . -
•¦"it Is not true.' Raker cannot measure
me. by his caliber." - . ¦ .,
"Raker and you can flght and, fume
and : storm ; as ; much; as you please." sold
the court. -, "This case must go on. Now
stop." . j ." '•..""..;.:¦",¦ '.' -. .;
; ."Was your hearing such as' to permit
you to' hear all that was S3 Id on tht night
of :', the ' lynching ?'.' Morris - was asKed. ;
;• "Yes, .-sir: 'I -think it was'.'" .-. ¦".'¦"
'! Morri^ had - testified • yesterday that
f ever -had ! rendered 'his hearing j imper
fect.". Haker objected to the "question and
trie court- said:; ( • . r . . - .
} ( ''T n ' 8 '' ttiS f Jmon y * would all have been
in weeks ago . if j there had been no John
E. .' Raker .In this case. He'objects and
¦makes a row on 'every question put." : j
1 When ; Morris ''replied "yes" .to -the
riuestion Raker smiled at the^ contradic-r ',
tory testimony.' ¦ ' »
} Asked; if any fof his relatives were stop
ring ; inn the, Grand Central Hotel !n Al
turas ; during the • early- part of > his stay;
here; the i witness, replied; that his mother
and Vuricle were stopping 'there and : that
ho t ha-J free 'access J^p j their; rooms "arid
could go there", when he , pleased. \ The' de-^
fense" had .to showTthat ! Morris
was, under, restraint. >: ' , »,;». ' •..
! Spencer Makes Objections. '¦ '
; i Post; asked : MprriB if. he _had, made ; iriore
than-, one '.statement .; regarding i'hls *con-.
peclloii '"'with .'.the' Lookout : lynching^ The
"We object," said Raker. "We aske'd
that question -and an objection- was sus
tained,'and now they ask leading , ques
tions after he has been in their company
and guarded." ' ¦".':¦': . '
"After leaving the east end. of the
bridge on the 'night of .the' lynching,* who
left for' town; first, you or Hiitton?" he
Saker Arouses Post's Ire. .,
. Sturtevant then look up the redirect
examination. '.: : . '¦}¦¦'¦<. *¦¦ - . . ¦; , .;•<•; .¦;¦
i "It so, why have you testified different
ly- on -cross-examination 'to*' these ques-"
tlons?" asked Spencer, ' Morris having, tes
tifleti tfiat *nb 'inducements were hejd out
for him to confess. • This question was'.ob
jected-, to as irrelevant and the objection
was. sustained. - - ¦ . ••• . ¦'¦'•' . r£-
he would not have taken"'chahces of pros
ecution for the crime. ".',.¦
', Morris identified the notes and was ques
tioned as to his testimony at that time re
garding his arrival in Alturas and the cir
cumstances leading 'up" to his making a
confession. It came out; that he; had tes
tified on that occasion that he had^been
offered' 'fprotectlon,'.'" but the. questions of
counsel for. the defense did not bring out
just what ''protection^, consisted of, ex
cept,that the* witness understood that he
would not -be punished^ '• ¦' {•'".:
¦| The defense brought! out the fact' that
on one 'occasion • Morris" had testified 'that
he Would have been greatly "deceived , had
he discovered { that General Post '¦ Had'no
authority .to offer him 'protection* and that
"Do you. remember making a statement
In court on January 7, giving evidence: on
that : occasion to a circumstance which
you have related In court 1 direct" ex
amination?" ¦ '. ' ; - ...... f. . .
. "Yes.'.' ; ''!;.' : : -.-.'/• .. ; ; ./ ';_
Spencer showed Morris, the transcript
of the reporter's notes of that date, when
Morris was _ questioned; asto his reason
for making .his Vtatement7' the defense
having contested his right to' appear "in
court. The court ruled at that time' that
he "might, appear to testify for the prose
cution whenever called.' ¦ ,. : -. ". • - ''¦¦*' , -,
Spencer asked the witness if ' he had
made his confession of the lynching vol
lyitarity. The witness replied that he
had and without promise of reward or
immunity. ¦ •
The court, ..interruptiiig; "Well you
would 'get- the chickens. . I don't like
them.'and I'm sick of-Modoc "chickens."
'."If'I'd said possums I'd been all right,''
retorted Raker.
Harrington is a' Southern gentleman,
and this remark further angered him:
.. "We. want to impVach'Uhe witness," said
Raker. . "Suppose 'some one - should say
that your Honor and I went to a hen
rooet — " - i ' -*. ' ¦ •¦' '• - .• '- :
"Counsel is killing time."
¦ : "For God's. sake. 1 wear yourselves -out,
and I will take a;seat near the stove."
; He>uited his action' to his words.. ' |
The defense did not leave the question
and the court said: •¦
of .¦ the lynching;,' the court ' sustained at?
objection by' 1 the : prosecution, and 5 oppos
ing counsel began an argument.' Arising
from the- bench the ; Ju^ge remarked:
\ STAT fJB^?TIVE -WHO IS GUA^
.,,<,. YOLTHS.UH0.CO>^ESSED ARE PROTECTED FROM VENGEANCE OF MOB'sVrIENDS : ' ' "
Judge Leaves the Bench;/ --r:
When Morris was asked whether, he had
not said that he and Hutton Had, stepped
out of Trowbridge's store on the night
"It has been admitted, time and, time
again that the witness had told different
parties that he knew- nothing of the
lynching." . •' . , ...;. : ..
The defense asked the same question
several times as to the different persons
present, and the prosecution objected
strongly. Judge Harrington sMstained
objections to the questions. The defense
said it wanted to Impeach Morris, he havi
Ing made contrary statements In and out
of court. The court said: '
"I made that statement in substance. I
told Boyd that I had nothing to fear; that
I knew nothing "of the lynching and that
I would go to Alturas."
, "On the night you met" Mr. Raker (one
of the counsel for the defense) at Look
out, did you state that Jimmy Boyd (one
of the counsel for the prosecution) had
gone to your ranch and told your uncle
that if you went to Alturas you would be
shot, and taking you aside, warned you
not to go to Alturas?" he was asked.
Morris replied In j_the negative.
The defense this morning resumed the
cross-examination of Witness Morrfs.
Spencer asked the witness if his father,
when on his deathbed or at any timf>
after the lynching, had said: "I could
die happy if I knew E. S. Trowbridge
(the men had been enemies) was one of
those lynchers and would hang for it." _
Strife Begins in Horning.
ALTURAS, Jan. 18.-^Rage.' hatred'
and excitement^ were the" di«
tinguishlrig features in the trial
of James "Wr"Br'own, . the a!-"
leged . lyricher, this : afternoon.
Superior -' Judge " Harrington,"
almost beside _ himself Vwith indignation
over the course of cdunsel'fdr the defense,
and seemingly, on ; the verge ; of t 'a break
down because" of the straln^he has been
under for the past seven weeks,'summar
ily ordered Witness Claude, Morris off the
stand and adjourned court, without listen
ing to the protests Brown's . attorneys
were attempting jto make. ¦ The' court was.
a picture of , rage as he . .excoriated , the
counsel. He declared he had been driven
almost to by the unprofession
al conduct of the attorneys representing
the alleged _lynchers, and that he was
"sick and tired ;of _ the whole business.".
It was expected, 'that the examination of
Morris would : be concluded to-day , but
the abrupt adjournment will result In the
young lyncher being recalled when- ihe
session of court is resumed on Monday.
The case is likely to go to the jury next
week.
Alturas Court Bitterly
Excoriates Counsel
for Defense*
• .- Orders Witness Off .the Stand.
',\ The" court— We have gone over this mat
ter many! times.' If you don't examine the
witness on -something else HI order the
witness. from the stand.". .-- -
[ '¦ Spencer— We -. want- — -
.; The -court,' jumping up excitedly— Get
down"off'tho stand. ..-- .
¦ Raker— We deslr'e, your Honor, to make
an application to present matters- —
"-• The cou'rt-^-You will .not.
•Raker— We desire, to t prove that the wit
ness was under, guard by. men paid by the
Attorney General's office. ¦We will-prova
thatTby Deputy. Sheriff Ratchford
[* The court— You ' will not." Take your
Witness— No, sir.
: Spencer— I move that the court orders
stricken out all evidence referring to Mj
"first statement.
The court— Your application Is denied.
;.'.. Morris Took Several Drinks.
.Spencer then questioned Morris as to
the facts of l his drinking on the-day of
his arrival 'in- Alturas and elicited the in
formation that the witness had taken sev
eral; drinks during the stage ride and two
• after he left the stage. • He got into the
spring wagon wltlf Myron, Ay res and
Larivburth and was taken to the hotel in
a : roundabout way. Morris, in answer to
the questions of Spencer, told the Jury
that he had not; been promised immunity
by Myron, r Ayres" or Lamburth, or by
Somers or Boyd, ... for.. . the prosecution.
Spencer then asked:
"How does it happen" that thi3 morning
you said you had been promised immunity
by , the prosecution, and that you would
not make a statement until you had boun
offered Immunity?" ' "
. : An objection was . sustained.-- ¦ »
." Spencer— Did you In your cross-examin
ation . state : ; that ~ you had not made a
statement until _the morning after your
arrival? .• -;¦•
An; objection was' sustained.
. Spencer then "asked "the. -witness several
questions regarding what disposition >e
t had made of the wagon spoke which be
i-had- told -the jury he carried on the night
,of the lynching, but the objection of the
iprosecution'to this line of testimony was
sustained.
; Raker— It does not seem- right, your
jHbnor,' that you 7 should not let us ask
these, questions after they have had him
tall night. We are going to show that his
.testimony of January .7 is directly oppo
site fromSvhat he testified to in his cross
examination.': • ¦ - -
The court— Mr. Raker, we will drop that
spoke business. It has been gone / over.
• Spencer then went back to '.Morris'
statement.
| : TVVas your statement made to MV.'Post
before your uncle's arrival at the hotel?"
;."Yes." ; •¦'¦;¦;•; _;*. : • ;.'
. "Before your mother's arrival?"
;. VNo." . ¦ ... ~ ;. ..•.._ . ; '
."Where were you when you made that
statement?" . . j;'v :
' . \"In) General Post's room." -
¦."Who was present?" '- .
: "General Post and Mr. Boyd." '
;.. "Whose room dld'you 'first;' go Into?"
t An objection was sustained, -":'-<!>
Adjournment
rJD^sExdtemmtEnds
The Prince will come to Washington
from New York, arriving here on the
morning of February 24. He will be met
at the station by a handsome military
escort and conveyed to the German Em
bassy. He will next visit the President
at the White House and the President
¦will return his call at the German Em
bassy. Monday evening the Presidential
party and the Prince wljl leave Washing
ton for New York and they will see the
launch at 10:30 o'clock Tuesday morning.
This plan involves a return to Washing
ton of the entire party and U is" likely
that on the 20th the Prince will be enter
tained at dinner at the White House. On
the 27th he is to be one of the company
present at the Capitol when Secretary
Hay delivers the McKlnley memorial ad
dress to Congress. ¦
The committee charged with the ar
rangements for the reception and enter
tainment of Prince Henry to-day decided
it would be Impossible to yield to the re
quests of many cities to have the Princa
visit them. It is likely that besides New
York, Washington and Niagara Falls the
Journey will include Chicago only of the
Urge cities. It also was decided, owing
to the tide, to ha\-e the launch occur on
the original date, February 25, This will
necessitate two trips' on the part of the
Prince between New Tork and "Washing
ton.
"His Royal Highness will, I know,
deeply regret his inability to accede to
all the kind desires of those who have
communicated with the embassy. But be
v.lll accept the invitations as evidence of
the cordiality of tne feeling which ex
ists for Germany". It seems to me that
the display of hospitality which the
"United States Government and the Amer
ican people are preparing to make will go
far to disprove the reports which come
x;p now and then that there is a spirit of
hostility prevalent in this country against
Germany. Those reports are calumnies
spread by parties desirous of creating
trouble between two nationalities which
are bound by many ties. Germany does
not seek the disruption of these ties. On
the other hand she desires that they
shall be drawn tighter and that the two
countries shall move along the path of
civilization, mutually assisting each other
to gain greater and more glorious pros-
Xjerity. The fact that Emperor William
lias ordered Prince Henry and other high
cignitaries of the German Government to
visit the Ignited States and exchange
greetings with President Roosevelt can
be only accepted as an evidence of the
warmth of friendship entertained by his
ilajesty for the President and people of
this land." • -
"From all sections . of your country I
have received dispatches and letters in
viting the Prince to a thousand functions,
¦which the authorities are prepared to give
In his honor.
"It is a matter of sincere gratification
to the Emperor and of personal gratifica
tion to myself that the Government and
people of the United States are taking
such deep Interest in the Impending visit
of Prince Henry of Prussia.
Statement by Embassador.
President Roosevelt personally ex
pressed to Herr von Holleben, the Ger
man Embassador. to-day his gratification
o\-er the coming- visit cf Prince Henry of
r > r-aEEia. In relation to toe visit of bis
Pu3vai Highness the Einbassador consent
ed to raake this statement to The Call:
does not believe that Emperor 'William
lias a strong motive underlying his efforts
to establish the most cordial relations
v.:ih the United States, -in connection
\rith the friendly overtures of ; the Em
peror it was stated to-day that they are
the outgrowth of the frank talk which
the President and Heir von Holleben re
cently had in connection with the Mon
roe doctrine. The Ambassador made It
plain to the President that his Govern
ment had no intention of occupying or
ac-qtiiring American territory. It waa
highly gratifying to Roosevelt, and he re
plied that the United States had no pur
pose of forbidding the collection by Eu
ropean po-svers of just debts held against
South and Central American republics.
The President is therefore given credit
for the good understanding which was
established and the subsequent courtesies
offered by Emperor William are undoubt
edly tie result «f-tfie "exchange of views
Ex the White House.
By the route he advocates from deep
water of the Pacific to deep water of the
Atlantic Ocean the. distance Is only
twenty-nine miles, while irom high tide
on the Pacific to high tide on the Atlantic
the distance* is only eighteen miles. The
proposed route terminates on each side in
good harbors— the harbor of Darien on
the Pacific side and the Gulf of Daritn
on the aide of the Atlantic.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 11— J. Clyde
Power, Superintendent, of Parks of this
city, ;who, as a civil engineer with Lieu
tenant Peary, the explorer, made surveys
for a world's Isthmian canal, is an advo
cate of % the so-called Darlen route and
has plans which, he says, are to bet laid
, before the President/and the Government
authorities at "Washington. Power fur
ther "states that steps have been taken
toward the organization of a gigantic
stock company for the promotion of the
project under bis direction. Power's ob
servations are in the form of notes from
official surveys made by a party of which
he was a member and the statements he
makes are the result of investigations
which he personally has made. He de
clares that the route -he proposes is the
shortest, best and cheapest of construc
tion . and presents features possessed by
no one of the other proposed routes.
ADVOCATES DABIEN" ROUTE.
PARIS, Jan. 18. — It Is - here
that If the sale of the property of the
Panama Canal Company is concluded
juris-consults will be appointed to decide
¦whether a ratification by a French tribu
nal is required or whether the vote of a
general meeting of stockholders will suf
fice., In any case, however, it will be a
matter of form. ¦ No obstacle is antici
pated on that score. i.V.. >;"-
No action has yet been taken by. the
Senate looking to the printing of the
maps which were prepared by the Isth
mian Canal Commission. The main body
.of the report has been printed, but when
the Printing Committee came to get an
estimate of the cost of printing the/;elab
orate maps, it was rather surprised to
find that the cost would be $87,000. The
committee hesitated to recommend such
a heavy expenditure and will leave the
matter to the Senate. There are all told
eighty-Six of these maps, some of which
run as high as fourteen sheets, and from
an engineering standpoint are of great
technical value.
The publication of the fun Panama re
port is expected to furnish the friends of
that route with valuable ammunition.
Then 'the discussion of the merits of the
two routes by. the engineers, most of
whom side with Panama, la expected to
do damage to Nicaragua. ¦ " :
* "All I can say about the report* Is that
It , is likely to be a disappointment tt> the
public generally." • .
1 This is taken to mean that whils. the
.report: may not be unanimous, it is suffi
ciently strong In favor of Panama as to
make the recommendation that the Pan
ama route be adopted instead of Nicar
agua. The first great fight over the canal
under the. changed conditions brought
about by the Panama offer. will come up
in the Senate committee at an early day.
Senator Morgan is expected to get a vote
in committee without much delay, realiz
ing that the longer he puts it off the
more remote the chances of Nicaragua
became. He will not ask for a vote, how
ever, until -the. return of Senator Hanaa,
who went to Cleveland on business to
night to be gone for several days. Sen
ator Hanna has come . to be regarded as
the leader. of the movement to have all
routes carefully examined. As the xo'm
mittee stands now it is still for Nicar
agua. How^long it will remain so' is &
matter of conjecture.
Rear Admiral Waiker, chairman of the
Isthmian Canal Commission, when he left
the meeting. room of the board to carry
the final report to the "White House, said:
. Democratic Senators see more clearly
than Republicans, who are preparing to
squabble over the advantages of the re
spective routes, that there is likely to be
no canal legislation this session and are
preparing to put all the responsibility
on the majority In the Senate. They are
looking to the defeated Nlcaraguan canal
project to furnish them with a campaign
issue at the next Congressional elections. .
They are going to rally to the cry of
"Nicaragua or nothing," and If they can
ever get the question on the floor of the
Senate, will' line up almost solidly in
favor of the Nicaragua route.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
\V.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— Democratic
Senators see In the isthmian canal situa
tion an opportunity to confound the Re
publican party and get an Issue. The
supplemental report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, which went to the.
President late this afternoon, recom
mends the Panama canal as the best
route to be owned and controlled by the
United 'States.
, Eoecial Dispatch to The CalL
CAT.T. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
"W.. TVA SHTXGTOX. Jan. IS.— Diplomats
in Washington are paying the closest at
tention to the preparations which are be
ing made for the reception of Prince
Henry. There is not one of them who
Sjertnl DIcDatcli to The CalL
Conditions Due to the French
'Company's Offer 'Will
Soon Commence.
First . Great Tight Under Changed
Has. for the Exception and Enter
tainment of the Royal Guest
Prevent Visits to All
Places Invited.
Diplomats in Washing
ton Closely Watching
Preparationa
Strong Motive Underlies Ger
man Efforts to Form
Closer Relations.
Cry of "Nicaragua or' .-,
Nothing." :;
Opponents Will Rally to the
Controversy Is Compli
cated by Report Fa
voring Panama.
LEGISLATION
IS NOT LIKELY
THIS SESSION
SIGNIFICANCE
OF VISIT OF
PRINCE HENRY
JUDGE HARRINGTON GIVES REIN TO HIS RAGE
AND ORDERS WITNESS MORRIS OFF THE STAND
DEMOCRATS SEE CHANCE FOR CAMPAIGN
ISSUE IN THE ISTHMAIN CANAL ROUTE
VOLUME XCI.— NO 50.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FBAKCISCQ, SUNDA Y, JAGUAR Y If); j lDOa—FORTY PAGES.
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 17 to 28
hm WMSwept by a Cyclone.
LAS PALMAS, Canary Islands, Jan. IS.
—A cyclone has swept over the Canary
Islands, doing much damage to property
and causing a shipwreck.
The explosion was said to have been
caused* by a spark from electric light
wires Igniting gas which had leaked fro:u
the gas company's pipes into the subway
excavation at the corner of Tremont and
Boylston streets.
Previously the courts had found the
Boston €Jas Light- Company and the Edi
son company Jointly liable, but the Edi
son company has contested the finding.
Next .Monday when the damage cases
are called in court, on continuance, tho
announcement will be made that the Edi
son company concedes liability with tUo
gas company. I It is thought that this ac
tion will mean the payment of at least
$500,000 of the damage claims by the Edi
son company.
BOSTON. Jan. IS.— A concession of lia
bility by the Edison Electric Illuminating
Company in the subway explosion of
March 4, 1S97, in which a dozen persons
•were- killed and scores injured, promises
to end speedily, a great amount of litiga
tion for Carnage* involving claims aggre
gating nearly 51,500,000.
for Damages.
Which Promise to Conclude Suits
Edison Company Hakes Concessions
AGREEMENT HAY ENT>
.>; A TffASS OF LITIGATTOISr
¦ ¦;-¦.. .- ... - 'J^HB^B
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 39, 1902.
Jan - "—Frank Gardener, a
man about 40 year, of a S e. without family,
was . accidentally «hot while hunting to-day.
HI. left arm was badly man C led and I amputa
tion may be necessary. . p
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.-Su|t was be
gun in the District Court here to-day
against Prince Euiwha, second son of
the King of Korea, to. recover $30,000," al
leged ¦ to be the amount of a promissory
note" held by Wolf Bros. & Co. of New
York and Philadelphia. The details of
the transaction are not disclosed. Prince
Euiwha is a. student at Roanoke College,
Salem, Vs..,
. " ¦
Eastern Firm Sues a Prince.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.—Repre
sentative Kahn of California to-day intro
duced the 'Chinese exclusion bill agreed
upon by • all - Pacific . coast interests as
representing their views. It was. referred
to the Foreign Affairs Committee",' and
Mr. Kahn says hearings will begin next
week and the bill urged to a speedy con
sideration in the House.
Exclusion Bill Introduced.
Believes Chicago Postmaster.
Jan. 18.— The Senate
Committee on Postoffices to-day author
ized the introduction and report of a bill
relieving Postmaster Coyne of Chicago
from responsibility for the $74,000 worth
of postage stamps stolen from the Chi
cago postofflce. This action is in accord
ance with the recommendation of the
Postmaster General.
Costa Rica's . President Arrives.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 18.— Presi
dent Iglesias of Costa Rica arrived at
Corinto. Nicaragua, to-day, to attend the
meetings of the Presidents of Central
"America. : "
A volume of smoke brings 'tears to the
eyes of every reader." . -. :
President to Decline Invitations.
WASHINGTON, ¦ Jan. ' | 18.— President
Roosevelt has decided to decline, all in
vitations to deliver public addresses until
Congress has completed- Its work, for the
session. Exceptions, will only be made
in cases like the Charleston Exposition,
where circumstances seem to require his
presence . in an official capacity. The
President said in pursuance of the above
policy that he will not be able to accept
invitations. -
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The following
executive order has been issued by the
President and directed to each executive
department: "The attention -of the de
partment is . hereby called to the provi
sions of the laws giving preference to vet
erans In appointment and retention. The
President desires that wherever the needs
of the service will justify and the law
will permit preference shall be given
alike In appointment and retention to hon
orably discharged veterans of the Civil
War who are fit and well qualified to per
form the duties of the places which they
teek and are filling." . .
Veterans Must Come First.
After a few social exchanges the Prince,
in charge of the reception committee, will
ttart on a short tour, winding up at New
York in time to sail on the Columbia on
March 8 for Germany. These plans have
been communicated to the . German Ein
bassador, and, bo' far as they stand, ap
proved by him and by the Prince him
self (to whom they will be. cabled), they
Viltt be carried out. ' - ¦
It is part of the plan to have the en
tertainment afforded | the Prince thor
oughly national in character and that the
participants shall not be limited to ¦ any.
one strain of blood or race. One means
of attaining this result .will be to make
tlic: reception as formal as possible, so
that It will be drawn upon official lines,
and there will.be a considerable "appear
ance of the military element where feasi
ble.' ..•. . / ¦ • . . , s ' - •.
KIEL, Jan. 18.— The imperial yacht
Hohenzollern sailed for New. York at 9:30
i his morninir. .. \ , - ¦ •
BERLIN, Jan. 18.— Countess von* Wal
oeriec, answering an inquiry of the As
sociated Press correspondent here regard
ing the projected trip . of Field Marshal
von Waldersee and herself to the United
states, said: p,
"We both hope to go . to the United.
States in April, but nothing has yet been
decided." - ¦" •' •
Fire Destroys a Mill.
SPOKANE, Jan. .18.— The roller mill at
Sprague Lake, owned by the Centennial
Milling Company, was burned this morn
ing. The fire ) Is believed - to have been
caused by smut. The wheat warehouses
were saved. The loss Is estimated at $60,-
C00, about half covered by Insurance. • The
mill is to be rebuilt.
Among the more' important Items in
cluded in the bill are the followinc: Re
bates to tobacco manufacturers.^ as pro
vided for In the war revenue reduction
act. $3450.000; establishment of permanent
military post at Manila, $500,000; military
ordnance. $250,000; naval ordnance. $300,
000; expenses of Congressional party to
funeral of President McKinley, $6200; rural
free delivery, $518,000.
The urgent deficiency appropriation bill
carries $16,701,445, distributed among the
different departments/The naval items
Include $4,000,000 for armor on ships now
under'. construction.. '
The Senata amendments to the House
bill appropriating $90,000 for a Government
exhibit and floor space at the Charleston
Exposition were agreed to .and the bill
passed. _ - • . '
For 'the protection of towns in the In
dian Territory and providing that they
issue bonds to an amount not exceeding
5 mills on each dollar of taxable property
of the municipality for the construction
of sewers, waterworks and schoolhouses;
providing that the amount of the official
bond of the United States Marshal of
Alaska. may be increased to $73,000 in cer
tain circumstances.
The 1 following bills were passed:
Cannon, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, reported an urgent de
ficiency bill and gave notice that on next
Monday he would call it up for consid
eration. He explained that the bill car
ried appropriations aggregating more
than $16,000,000. In answer to an inquiry
he expressed the opinion that near the
close of the present session it would be
necessary to pass another urgent de
ficiency bill. He could not say, however,
how much the next bill might carry.
When the House convened Joy of Mis
souri, chairman of the Committee on Ac
counts, precipitated a discussion involv
ing spine of the patronage of the House
by presenting a resolution providing for
the appointment of two additional mes
sengers. The resolution, after an ex
planation, was adopted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.-The« House of
Representatives was in session If ps than
an hour to-day. Only routine business
was transacted, the most Important feat
ure of which was the reporting by Can
non, chairman of the Committee on Ap
propriations, of an urgent deficiency bill.
The bill will be i called up for considera
tion next Monday.
Continued From Page Seventeen.
House to Consider Ur
gent Appropriation
o: $16,701,445.
SIGNiFfCAHCE OF VISIT,
CANNON REPORTS
DEFICIENCY BILL
Among other nominations which . the
Judiciary Committee decided to report
favorably were those of Fletcher M. Doan
and Richard E. Sloan, to be Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court of the
Territory of Arizona. ;.
There was especial reference to the fact
that his father is District Judge to the
Indiana District and the point was made
that with the son occupying the Circuit
bench it might fall to .his lot to review his
father's decisions. There was, however,
a general expression to the end that the
prominence of a man's father should not
be allowed to stand as a bar to his own
preferment. It was suggested also. that
in such cases Judge Baker's own delicacy
could be. depended upon to find a proper
solution of the problem. This view was
accepted .and the decision favorable to
report the nomination was not opposed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— The
Senate Committee on Judiciary to-day
agreed to report favorably the nomination
of Francis E. Baker of •Indiana to be
Circuit Judge In the seventh circuit. The
opposition to Judge Baker's confirmation
was withdrawn, but the circumstances
connected with his case were discussed at
some length.
His Father Holds a Federal
\ Position.
Indianian Will Be Circuit Judge az.d
COMMITTEE TO FAVOR
NOMINATION OF BAKER
CHICAGO, Jail. 18.— The newspaper cor
respondents who were at the front during
the late Spanish war have been Invited by
the Chicago Press Club 'to attend Its ro
ception -.to. Admiral. Schley,. next . Saturday
afternoon. The rooms of the Press'Club
will be tastefully decorated with the flags
of the dispatch boats which were engaged
In newspaper- service around Santiago
during the exciting times of 1S98.' This re
ception will partake of the nature, of a re
union of the newspaper "Spanish war
veterans." \
Qprresp.ondents to Meet .Schley.
An army order announc.es that First
Lieutenant Walter L. Clarke, Signal
Corps, is ordered from the Philippines to
San Francisco. In navy orders Surgeon
D. O. Lewis is ordered to the naval train
ing station at San Francisco for ; duty on
the Pensacbla; Lieutenant A. L. Key to
the Asiatic station with "the China from
San Francisco, February .7, as. flag lieu
tenant to Rear Admiral Wildes.
Washington— Original— War with Spain
— Edward Cunningham, Vancouver; $24.
Increase — Melvin Pierce, Richardson, $17.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Increase — John Thompson, ¦ Yount
ville, $17; John M. Davidson, Chula Vista,
$8. Mexican war— Thomas S. Moore, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; James
Deering, Soldiers Home, L03 Angeles, $12;
Herman Loeber, Lockwood, $12; Jeremiah
D. Marsha!!, Santa Cruz, $12. Widows—
Margareta Hartman, San Jose, $8.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the fol
lowing: Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—Adon H. Thompson, Bowman.
Washington— William Butler, Mendpta.
Appointed— Oregon — Charles Gettis,' Bo
hemia, Douglas County, vice J. W. Cook,
resigned; C. F. Adams, Scholls, Washing
ton County, vice W. ' W. Beardsley, re
signed.
and More-New Pensions
GrantecL
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTBiUSJiT '1O r.EiU.fLE -
OF THE ' PACIFIC COAST
seat till this matter is settled. I will not
have it. Shut up. Gentlemen of- the Jury,
take a recess until Monday. I am sick
of the shameful things enacted here day
after day.
AH' this was said in an impassioned
voice, accompanied by wild gestures and
the Judge's eyes flashed. After the re
tirement of the jury Raker arose and in
a quiet voice asked to present a matter
of importance to the court.
"X will not. listen to It." said the court,
but, quiet being restored, Raker said:
"This morning I presented to your
Honor habeas corpus papers in the cases
of eight men. The men are conflne'd in
Jail and we desire that a writ be made
obtainable this atfernoon."
"No, sir; 10 o'clock Monday morning,"
said Judge Harrington.
Raker suggested quietly/ that if the
hearing commenced at 9:30 o'clock the
Brown case could proceed at 10 o'clock.
The court— I will not get up to hear the
matter. I said 10 o'clock.
Proceedings were instituted in the cases
of Fred Roberts, Harry Roberts, E. S.
Trowbridge, Orln A. Trowbridge, James
R. Myers Sr., R. L. Nichols, Claude Mar
cus and Joseph Leventon. These men
were not indicted byJ the Grand Jury for
complicity in the Lookout lynching, and
they were arrested on the complaint of
Mary Lorenz, a half-breed daughter of
ualvln Hall, one of the victims of the
mob. The law provides that the men be
given a preliminary hearing within two
days" after arrest or be discharged or
that the preliminary hearing be post
poned from day to day. ; They- have not
been accorded a preliminary hearing and
are still in jail, and counsel for the de
fense has instituted habeas corpus pro
ceedings for their release. ¦ «- •%
£r>ecial Dispatch, to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
\V. f WASHINGTON, ""Jan. 18.— Marshaled
by Representative William Alden Smith,
the beet sugar delegation from Michigan
called en/ President Roosevelt this after
noon and uslicd him if he and Congress
btood for tho farmers or the sugar trust;
In others wcrds. Oxnard or Havemeyer.
•The President said he stood for the ro-
Hei fcr the people of Cuba if it could be
done without material injury to the in
tiustry in this country. Further than this
li'ie delegation received no satisfaction at
the White House. Smith and F. R. Hath
away, secretary of the Michigan Sugar
Manufacturers' Associaticn, nled a staie
ment for the consideration of the Presi
dent, calling- to his attention the growth
of the beet sugar industry in this coun
try, and particularly in Michigan under
the wing of Republican protection.
They called to his attention the planks
in the two last Republican platforms,
pledging the party absolutely to protec
tion for sugar growers. They said that
vwo months after the Dingley law wae
enacted • the erection of beet sugar fac
tories in Michigan began and now there
are thirteen in operation. 'Last year the
State raised 66,400 acres of beets, yielding
£96,600 tens for which 16,848 farmerb re
ceived §3,107,520. Altogether 34,000 persons
found employment in this industry.
"We cannot stand any reduction," tho
delegation told the President, "in the tar
iff en raw sugar, especially such reduc
tion as will only serve to aid the sugar
trust."
The delegation put the political side of
the present controversy before the Presi
dent as follows:
"Because the Republican party has al
ways kept its promises Michigan has
been ever true to that party's principles.
To-day her sons believe that the sacred
pledge given in 1893- and reaffirmed in
1900, the pledge upon which we have al
ready invested over $10,000,000. : will be
kept inviolate. We cannot believe that
the industry thus inauguarated will be
ruined by the very political party which
gave it birth."
President Roosevelt showed interest in
the situation, but no indication of reced
ing from the position taken by the ad
ministration at the opening of Congress.
With Secretary Root and Governor Gen
eral Wood he is still firm in the opinion
that something must be done for • Cuba
during the present session or there -will
be serious trouble in the island. There
is no indication of any material change
of position among leading members of, the
House in spite of the avalanche of beet
sugar sentiment 'that has come in from
the West.
Members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee have not shown their hand aur
fng the first week of the hearings ex
cept to informally reaffirm their opinion
that 20 per cent or 25 per cent reduction
in Dingley rates on Cuban sugar can be
allowed if it is developed as the hearing
progresses that this will not serieusly
affect the beet sugar raisers and cane
planters of Louisiana.
Senator Platt of Connecticut and other
leading members of the upper branch,
who are likely to have great influence
in settling this question in the Senate,
still take the view that such a reduction
can be allowed without injury in America.
Missionary Is Murdered.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— A cablegram
¦was received at the State Department to
day from Consul McWade at Canton,
stating -that a French missionary had
been murdered by the natives of Nan
huing, Kwangtun province, 250 miie.-i
northwest of Canton. .
In recogriition of its arduous service in
the Chinese and Philippine campaigns the
Secretary has ordered the Ninth Infantry,
with the ercept'on o f Company B, on duty
as legation guard at Peking, to return to
San Francisco late in the spring. .
The regiments which have -been ordered
relieved from duty in the Division of the
Philippines will upon arrival at San Franr
clsco proceed to stations to be designated
by the department commanders as fol
lows: Fourth Infantry, to the Depart
ment of Texas; Seventeenth Infantry, to
the Department of the Columbia; Twen
tieth Infantry, to the Department of the
Lakes; Twenty-second Infantry, to the
Department of the Missouri; Ninth Infan
try, to. the Department of the Dakotas.
Ihe Twenty-ninth Infantry and second
battalion, Fifteenth Infantry, will bo
placed en route to San Francisco and will
report to the commanding general. De
partment of California, for embarkation,
respectively, on the transports sailing
February 16 and March 1.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— That the
War Department does not think the situ
ation in the Philippines admits of a' sub
stantial reduction of General ChafCee's
army is shown by an order issued to-day
ordering 5000 men to proceed to Manila.
This force will take the place of flve regi •
ments now on their way home.
Under the order Issued by the Secretary
these troops will immediately begin prep
arations for departure for the Far East:
Second squadron, First Cavalry; second
squadron, Fifth Cavalry; first battalion,
Second Infantry; headquarters and Com
panies A, B, E, F, G. I. K and L, Seventh
Infantry; first battalion, Eighth Infantry;
headquarters, band and first battalion,
Tenth Infantry; second battalion," Elev
enth Infantry; second battalion, -Fifteenth
Infantry, and Company L, Twenty-fourth
Infantry. .-'¦...
Root said that no religious question was
involve.'!, as it was simply a condition
that existed and was fully recognized.
The friars themselves were so fully alive
to the conditions that th«y would doubt
less be ready to dispose of- their lands.
At all events, Root said, they were a part
o£ an organization,- and he apprehended
that the disposition "of : the' lands would
be determined b'y higher church authori
ties than the friars themselves.
Aguinaldo had taken advantage of this
intense feeling of the tenants against ttie
lriar landlords. The Secretary said that
the most important thing to be done at
this time was to dispose of the friar
question, as it was felt that when landed
proprietorship was brought to an end
most of the agitation -would be disposed
of. The friars had been driven from the
land in many cases, he said, ar;d if they
returned the people would kill them. Ap
peals had been made to the War Depart
ment to collect the rente due, but the
Secretary said this could not be done
withouc the use of troops.
Secretary Root began his statement by
explaining the enormous power which
the religious orders had long exercised
in the Philippines. They were represent
ed at Madrid and the Archbishop was
quite as powerful as . the Governor Gen
tral of the islands. The orders have
largely supplanted the native priests. As
a result of tho great political power of
the orders the friars became the medium
cf communication between the local par
ishes and the central government. They
l:eld large tracts of land amounting to
tbout 400.000 acres at the time of Ameri
can occupation. The people rented the
lands and thus a landlord and tenant sys
tem was now in operation. This caused
intense hatred, and Root said the feeling
of .the tenant classes was not "equaled in
bitterness by anything in Ireland.
The Secretary said the religious orders
so fully realized the, bad condition of af
fairs that they were disposed to sell out,
and he! urged that the Government take
advantage of the opportunity to remove
the chief causes of discontent in tho isl
ands. He did not believe condemnation
proceedings would be necessary, as there
were Indications that, a fair price could
be agreed upon. A rough estimate of the
value of the lands, he said, was trom
live to seven and a half millions of dol
lars, American money.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— Secretary
Root v.-as heard on the question of the
friar !r>nds in the Philippines before the
House Committee on Insular Affairs to
day. He said these landhoIUings consti
tuted one of tho chief causes of discon
tent among the people; they were tho
hotbeds of insurrection and had furnished
Aguinaldo . his chief appeal to popular
prejudice.
Property Held by the Friars,
He Say?, Causes Dis
? content.
Delegation Declares It Is Op
posed to Jariff Reduction
oa Raw Product
Five Thousand Troops Will
Relieve Returning
Regiments.
President.
Michigan Beet Men Pay
» a Visit to the
Warfare in the Philip
pines Not Nearly at
an End.
War Secretary Explains
About Trouble in the
Philippines.
CHAFFEE'S WORK
MUST CONTINUE
ROOT ADVISES
LAND PURCHASE
SUGAR GROWERS
SEE ROOSEWELT
SPECIAL DISPATCHES TO THE CALL.
AT THE CAPITAL OF THE NATION
Continued From Page Seventeen.
JUDGE HARRIS GIVES REIN.
18
ADVERTISEMENTS. *£.••
And What It
Will Do.
Information in regard to collection
of bad bills, notes, etc. No commis-
sion charged.
Legal advice free.
Send postal to
California Commercial Guaranty Go,,
184 Crocker •Building,
San Frnnclseo.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great <5
dHUSEBU OF AHfiTOS?*
A g& 1051Xi22S5Sr.t8t.e±3Ki,S.r.Ci/
\ HT «"**• l^^'AnattW'"! Museum in the \
B m*3FB^. Worl4 Wakne*s« or aa" craiiracted A
Z. Vfe&fi *»«*»e.»~*« i »«r«7 •¦»•*'»» the oUlot "
O ihi*\\ SpepdMontieto** t«. -^y-ar*. O
4 fljS?£o PH. JORDAN-DISEASES 0? K.IW 0
B 1 jfof-' fj Tfmtment prrvsraiiy or bv i-:t-r. A /)
,f I ff 'Jl if ****** dtr* in e*crj a*t atKtertaken. \
ara tlw Wr,t t f.,tEio'<.pnii.oi*ijpaT«rA
Y * 11 . II™ 33 *K It £A C K. MA1L2X> V2£S. ( A /
A (* it *sl«tsbie book for ova) a
" OR. JORDAN A CO.. 1031 Market JJt.8. 7. V
GRAIN COFFEE
Grain-O is not a stimulant, like
coffee. It is a tonic and its effects
. are permanent, i •
. A successful substitute for coffee,
because it has the coffee flavor that
everybody likes. -
Lots of coffee substitutes in the
market; but only one food drink—" '¦:
Ail grocers; 15c and 85c ¦/
Scrofula
Few. are entirely free from it. "
It may develop so slowly as to cause
little If any disturbance during the whole
period of childhood. .
It may then produce irregularity of the
stomach and bowels, dyspepsia,- catarrh,
and. marked' tendency to .consumption
before manifesting itself in much cutaneous
eruption or glandular swelling. " =
It is best to bo sure that yon are quite
free from it. and for its complete eradica-
tion you can rely on . ¦'<_ v
Hood's Sarsaparilla
The best of all medicines for all humors.;
AD VEBTISEMENTS. •__^.^^^..~~^-~-
Found No Belief in So-Called Catarrh recommend Peruna to all suffering with that I am well again and think Peruna *
Remedies weak lunga and a bad cough. great medicine for catarrh.
-k. 't r, -¦„ J* c " lcl " CB ' . "C. F. GERDING." "J. KOSSIK."
Mr. J. G. Steffe, Suverne, Minn.; writes: ?
"For four years I had been a continual Tried Remedies With No Benefit. Never Found Relief "Until Pe-ru-na
sufferer from that dreadful . disease, Mr> John M# WInatea d, Klmbro, Tenn., Was Tried,
chronic catarrh. I tried all kinds of so- In a recent lett . - Mr _ J Woffel sumner. Neb., writea:
™nf? C t tf« T 11 , eS K &nd 5T n^ ?° " J have been afnicted with catarrh "I had the catarrh twenty years. I
reller. 1 was advised by a friend to about .ten years, and I have tried differ- never found any relief until I commenced
write to you about my case, which I did, ent remedies with no benefit. About two taking Peruna. Any one who has catarrh,
and you kindly advised me to take a years ago I bought a bottle of Peruna who will take Peruna according to direc-
course of Peruna I commenced at once and commenced using It according to dl- tions la sure to be cured of catarrh. I
and was surprised how it r«.n«»v«»fj ma rections. It relieved me so much that I am completely cured, of catarrh, and I
?^,T»^r, ? t relieved me. contlnued uslng Peruna until I had used thank God and Dr. Hartman.
I am happy to say I am a well man to- fl ve bottles; then I hardly felt the effects "J. WOF3TEL."
day. I take pleasure In recommending of the catarrh at all. ••
your great remedy to all who are afflicted * "JOHN M. WINSTEAD." Tried Many Remedies.
with catarrh. - J. G. STEFFE." . - . Mrs. Lydia Dreitzler. Frankfort. Ind..
. , Doctors and Medicine Palled to writes: -
Other Patent Medicines No Good. . Benefit. - * "Our boy. Grover, had been afilctad
Jacob J. Davis of Galena. Mo., writes: .Bruno SBu'ch, '983 Randolph .street, "Sd . "ttaSit C fo? t Sht °Je£l Te' trt?S
"I have been in bad health for thirty- Philadelphia, Pa., writes. w.*.a many remedies, but they did no coed
seven years, and after taking twelve bot- -"I have been troubled with catarrh -for and applied to several doctors but they
ties of your Peruna, I am cured. I think the past. few years, and, not being bene- failed to cure him. We received one of
Peruna is. all you claim . for ' it. I tried fited by doctors and other medicines. -T Dr. Hartman's pamphlets and I -woto
other patent medicines, but they were no was advised by a friend to give yoiir to him for advice -which, I received
good. I am in better health than I have Peruna a trial. After having taken three Our boy has taken ten bottles of Peru.ia
been for many years. . / bottles I felt greatly relieved, and, with and we consider him cured We think
"JACOB J. DAVIS." the addition of a few more bottles, I was Peruna is a great medicine. .: v * •
m . j, ., ,, • cured of all my troubles. "MRS. L.YDIA DREITZLKR." .
Tried Almost Every Patent Medicine. "BRUNO S. BUCH." If you do not derlve prompt aQ)J satls _
Mr. C. F. Gerding, Miiburn, Neb., writea: mrfed Medidnes—TTone il-lnpd factory results from the use of Peruna,
"About fourteen years ago I contracted JM.eaiClnes~-.NOne Helped. /Wrlte at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
a heavy cold. I tried almost every patent J. Kossik of Moorehead. Minn., says: J" 11 statement of your case, and he will
medicine, but could not find anything to "Peruna Is a great remedy for catarrh. S? '^f,, tO y0U nIs valuable ad -
break up my cough until I took Peruna. I tried a number of kinds of medtcine. V ce S™" 3 -
w'hinh 0 7 Ln^nt S°, fi £ y CUTea^ tor but none helped me. j I took Peruna ac- Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tho
which I cannot give thanka enough. I cording to your instructions and will say Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Men prominent in public life, including Governors, Senators, Congressmen, Generals, Mayors, Law r
yers and Physicians, use and recommend Peruna. Write for book of testimonials of prominent men. ? .
Ash your druggist for a free Pe-ru-na Almanac. Every druggist has them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR A LEADER
FOR OUR
WE WILL CLOSE OUT ABOUT
4000 PAIRS OF OUR REGULAR
$3.50 SHOES
FOR $*3 00 A PAiR *
these shoes are the very
Latest styles in vici kid.
box calf and velour calf.
WITH GENUINE WELTED;
SEWED SOLES. EXTENSION
EDGE, ALL SIZES. ALL WIDTHS.
THEY ARE ALL El
: STA'MPED $3.50 IN, |
% PLAIN FIGURES *
BY THE MANU- %
FACTURER AND I
WE ARE NOT SUP-
POSED TO SELL 3
THEM FOR LESS, i
BUT IS
WE MUST MAKE ROOM FOR
OUR NEW SPRING GOODS.
FOR STYLE AND DURABILITY
THESE SHOES ARE EQUAL TO j
ANY $5.00 SHOE SOLD ELSE-!
WHERE AND THEY WILL SOON
GO AT $3.00.
THERE HAS BEEN A GREAT
DEMAND FOR THE SHOES ON
OUR
BARGAIN COUNTERS. \
THE PRICES HAVE BEEN
VERY INVITING. IN ADDITION
TO THE LADIES'. MISSES' AND '
CHILDREN'S SHOES. THIS
WEEK WE WILL MARK OUT A |
FINE CLEAN LINE OF MEN'S!
SHOES AT $1.50, $2.00 AND $2.50 \
PER PAIR.
ALSO A VARIETY- OF MEN'S !
SLIPPERS, AT 50c AND 75c PER
PAIR.
YOU ALWAYS
NEED SHOES.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY
GOOD SHOES CHEAP.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
/
PHELAN BUILD:NG,
812-814 Market St.
1 Offers everything connected
I with the care t i the eye.
j Factory o 1 premises. Quick
J repairing. Oculists prescriptions
I filled, rhone Main 10.
!©542 HMarketSt.^
de. hall's reinyigoratgriksssa
Steps all losses in 24 hours* Five ftJarWra
hundred reward for &cy case we Iy8a paf\
cannot cure. Thi» eecret remedy 9 $»
cu '** Emissions. lmpotency. SZSB ITmSl
Varlcocele, Ganorrboea. Gleet. a?9C "fjSrl
Strictures. Drains. Uoet Man- iyi M!}]i
hood and til other wasting ef- %?£ f32
lects of seir-abuse or excesses fc.v-*3--*j<_<v»
Beat e**Ied. |2 bottle; S bottles. $5: guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE? sS Br?*™
jay. Oakland. Cal. Also for »|, It jra M
Market st.. & F. Send for free book.
££% WONG WOO,
: IfsT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fc F SANITARIUM.
7 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
%y|^'"'!W A LL DISEASES CURED
v*wtt&**.» t\. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
»:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
RDTTQX-TRQ FOR barbers, bak.
UXXkJ ij LLlutO «s boctblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
Ctjrers, flourmUls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hatcers. printers, painters, shoe factories. *
kUidemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Crush Manufacturers. 603 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.— EE-
*v modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. Zhe to II 60 day;
JS to J* week; SS to (31 month. Free baths;
hat and cold water every room; fire grates in
every room; elevator runs all r.isht.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Tear
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why Be Fat
When There Is a New Home Treatment
That Quickly Reduces Weight ts
Normal Without Diet or
Medi:ine and Is Ab-
solutely Saf}.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE BY MAI
Don't be too fat: don't puff and blow; don't
endanger your life with a lot of excess fat; and
furthermore, don't ruin your stomach with a
lot of usele?3 drugs and patent medicines.
Send your name and address to Prof. F. J.
Kellogg, 321 \V. Main St., Battle Creek, Mich.,
and he will send you free a trial package of
his remarkable treatment that will reduce your
weight to normal. Do not be afraid of. evil
consequences, the treatment Is perfectly safe,
is natural and scientific and gives such a de-
gree of comfort as to astonish those who have
1 panted and perspired under the weight of ex-
i cesa fat. It takes oft the big stomach, - gives '
the heart freedom, enables the lungs to expand
naturally and you will feel a hundred times
better the first day you try this wonderful
home treatment.
Send your name and address, for a free trial
package sent Becurely sealed in a plain wrap-
i per, with full directions how to use it. books
; and testimonials from hundreds who have been
cured. - • -
¦ Send for tat free trial package. to-day. It
will br-ghten the rest of your life.
©ad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder.' Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliouaness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Vitcera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
br mall. KADWAT & CO.. New York.RAIN fell in Central and Northern California yesterday for the first time since January
2. The weather in'the southern part of the State became cloudy last night and rain is
predicted for that section to-day. , .
Forecaster McAdie says that the dry season has come to an end and that the usual
winter weather may now be expected. Only .8 of* an inch of rainfall was registered for
San Francisco yesterday, but considerably more is reported from some of the northern towns.
On January 2 .14 of an inch of rain fell, and the last wet weather before that was
early in December. The long period of clear weather is ascribed by the officials to the ex
istence of a high air pressure over Utah and Idaho, which prevented the storm winds passing.
Showers are predicted for the whole State for«to-day. The wind, it is said, will be south
easterly and very strong off shore.
A dollar saved is a dollar earned — for
it's hard work to save a dollar.
As soon as a girl gets married all the
married women of her acquaintance be
gin to watch for wrinkles on her fore
head. 7
Chief Wittman issued the following or
der yesterday, which is intended to stop
the practice of friends of police officers
who seek promotion or are charged with
violating the rules of the department
from trying to influence the Police Com
missioners in their behalf: .'
Office of Chief of Police.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 18. 1902.
To Company Commanders : I wish to direct
the attention of your respective commands to
rule 36 of the Rules and Regulations of the
Police Department. Read this rule to the men
and notify them that I will enforce It to the
letter. I am tired of members of the depart
ment sending their friends to me to ask for
special privileges and I .think I am fully quali
fied to Judge of the merit of every man on the
force without any outside Interference. Effi
ciency and good conduct will be the standard
which I will recognize when the occasion
offers. "Pull"- will cut no figure.
GEORGE W. WITTMAN, Chief of Police.
The rule which the Chief refers to reads
as follows: .. . , .
It will be considered & cause for dismissal
from the force for the members to Importune
the Commissioners or the Chief of Police to
grant sueclal privileges to any of the said
members. No member of the police force shall
take any active measure in any proceeding to
appoint, promote, suspend, disrate or dismiss
any member of the deDartment except at the
request of the Board of Police Commissioners.
Chief Wittman Issues an
Order Against the
Practice.
POLICE MUST
NOT USE PULL
Colonel Lynch added -that his future
movements would be governed by the
counsels of the Irish party, in which he
has every confidence, and by the wishes
of his . constituents.. He declared, the
stories published in the English papers of
his recent visit to Dr.Iieyds at Brussels,
with whom he. was alleged to have busi
ness "connections,- were pure Inventions.
He only passed through Brussels a year
ago and he has no business relations with
Dr. Leyds of any kind, though they are
on friendly terms.
VI did not think then that a nation that
considers itself one of sportsmen would be
so unsportsmanlike as to seek to reach
me In cold blood when It might have had
me in warm blood in the .Transvaal.'."-
Colonel Lynch said tie had not left
Paris, for the good reason that he appre
ciated-the fact that he would not be al
lowed to reach his goal — the House of
Commons. He had some time ago con
templated going to the opening of Parlia
ment, but, said he Jokingly:
PARIS, Jan. -18. — Colonel Arthur Lynch,
the recently elected member of the House
of Commons for Galway City, who fought
with the Boers In South Africa, in an in
terview to-day denied that he had trie!
to go to England for the opening of Par
liament, i =V~> .
Officer Who Aided Boers
Remains Safely in
Paris.
LYNCH LAUGHS
AT THE BRITISH
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 18.— The Republi
can State Central Committee held a meet-
Ing In this city to-day to, appoint State
Central Committeemen for the coming
election. Thirty members were ; present.
It was decided that the next, State con
vention should be held on August 14 '• in
Reno and the basis of representation will
be five delegates at large for each county
and one additional' for each fifty votes or
major fraction thereof for Hon. E. , S.
Ferrington for Congress at. the last gen
eral election.
Calls a Nevada Convention.
Dean Is serving a life sentence for mur
der from San Francisco. Knives are car
ried by many of the prisoners here/being
made by the convicts in the iron shops.
The last Legislature passed a bill mak
ing It capital punishment for one prisoner
to attempt the life of another. Dean's case
will be the first to' come before the courts
and will be watched with Interest through
out the State. N
FOLSOM, Jan. 18.— Convict Charles
Dean was bound over to the Superior
Court by Justice Sturges to-day for hav
ing attempted to take the life of Wong
Gee Toy, a fellow prisoner. On the even
ing of December 24, just as the men were
about to be locked in their I cells, Dean
assaulted Wong Gee Toy with a knife. In
flicting thirteen. wounds, ranged from the
elbow to the shoulder.
ment as the Penalty for
the Crime.
New Law Provides Capital Punish-
CONVICT TO BE TRIED
. FOB A PRISON ASSAULT
HAMILTON. Bermuda, Jan. 18.— The
British transport Montrose^ which ar
rived here yesterday from Cape Town
with 1200 Boer prisoners on board, and
which was subsequently quarantined, was
released from quarantine to-day. The
prisoners were landed on Hawkins and
Morgans islands.
The dispatch says the reports of peace
are ridiculed by the Boers themselves,
who say such stories are simply fabri
cated , by British agents with a view to
British publication, hoping to turn them
to advantage in South Africa. The Boers
deny that any negotiations are impending.
Dr. Leyds left to-night for Utrecht.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Dr. Leyds, repre
sentative in Europe of the Transvaal, ac
cording to a dispatch from Amsterdam to
Reuter's Telegram Company, held a con
ference to-day with the Boer delegation
at The Hague at the house of Wolmerans.
No official statement has tieen given out,
but there is the best authority for assert
ing that the conference was merely a pe
riodical meeting.
Are Merely Imposing on the
Public. '
Charges Made That British Agents
I2OERS ATttl i AMUSED
AT THE TALK OF PEACE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— President and
Mrs. Roosevelt were guests at a dinner
given by Attorney General Knox. The
other guests were the members and ladies
of the Cabinet. Representaive Dalzell and
Wayne MacVeagh.
Knox Entertains the President.
HUDSON. N. Y.. Jan. 18.— In the Su
preme Court to-day the Grand Jury
brought in an indictment for murder . in
the first degree against Willis, Fred and
Burton Van Wormer and Harvey Bruce
for killing Peter A. Hallenbeck at Green
port on Christmas evening. The prison
ers were arraigned and pleaded not guilty.
The trial probably will take place at the
May term of the Supreme Court. Hallen
beck was the uncle of the Van Wormers.
Are Indicted for Murder.
Pronouncement of Camp"bell-Banner
manin Favor of Home Rule
Causes Consternation.
LONDON, Jan. IS.— The most important
event of the reassembling of Parliament
¦was undoubtedly the emphatic declara
tion of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman,
Liberal leader in the House of Commons,
that the Liberal party is still committed
to home rule. This was so utterly at
variance with Lord Rosebery*s Chester
field speech that It was taken to com
pletely nullify the other passages of Sir
Henry's opening epeech, in which he en
deavored to conciliate the Rosebery fac
tion.
The Spectator says this renalllng of the
home rule flag to the Liberal mast Is a
"new and -violent repudiation of the im
perialist wing." In other quarters the
home rule announcement has been taken
to be a de facto bid for the support of the
Irish Parliamentary party, but this does
not appear to be a probable contingency.
LIBESAL I*EADEB/S WOBJ>S
STAB.TLE THE BRITISH
as John Redmond and other leaders of the
Irish Nationalists have continually de
clared and proved it to be. their Intention
to fight the home rule battle unhampered
by alliances, only supporting Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman when the occasion
suits them.
Groom summoned a neighbor and asked
him to remain so .that- he would not die
alone if his wound proved fatal. He
curtly declined to have a messenger sent
for a doqtor.' Taking a long curved sack
needle and a ball of twine, he removed
his torn clothing and commenced to
stitch the longer of the gashes. He never
flinched while he made twenty deep
stitches, drew the edges of the wound to
gether and tied the thread. The neigh
bor got very nervous, but Groom re
mained perfectly cool. Though quite
weak, the aged man is getting along
nicely.
Again the enraged animal charged and
cut a gash ten inches long near the first
wound. Groom had lost much blood
when he finally escaped over the fence
that surrounds his house.
a large herd of cattle at his Gas Point
ranch. "With his dog. he was driving the
cattle several days ago, when a savage
steer charged upon him and caught him
in the right thigh with one of its long
horns. Groom fought to avoid being
tossed . and the tip of the horn ° ripped
through the flesh like a knife. . Despite
his age he is a powerful man and h«
freed himself from the steer.
Groom, who is now 75 years old, became
widely known as the owner of Johnny
Allen, the famous Quarter horse. He has
REDDING, Jan. 18.— Elijah Groom, the
aged cattle raiser and horseman of the
Gas Point section, is a man of marvelous
fortitude. News has reached Redding of
a remarkable surgical operation that he
performed upon himself with the crudest
of instruments and from .which he bids
fair to recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aged Man Performs Sur
gical Operation Upon
• Himself.
ASKS THAT A COMPANY
BE- DECLARED BANKEUPC
Tennessee Man Petitions the Federal
Court to Adjudicate Momentous
Financial Affairs.
KNOXVILLE, Tenh., Jan. 18.— Marcus
Hamilton %t Johnson City, Tenn., has
filed a petition in the Federal court here
asking to have the Virginia Iron, Coal
and Coke Company declared bankrupt.
The company has been in the hands of a
receiver for several months.
The petition alleges that the company
owns various iron furnaces, coal and iron
ore land, etc., in Southwest Virginia and
upper East Tennessee and is about to
lease an iron furnace at Johnson City for
a term "of years. It further alleges that
the company has bonds outstanding in*the
sum of $9,975,000 at 5 per cent, held by the
Manhattan Trust Company of New York
and secured by first mortgages, and that
it owes notes aggregating about 1575,000
and has defaulted in payment of interest
on the Manhattan Trust Company's
bonds. The petitioner . seeks to have the
affairs of the company adjudicated in the
Federal court The company was organ
ized in 1897. ;
MEMBER OF THE POPE'S
HOUSEHOLD VISITS COAST
Mgr. Antoini Says a Letter From
Borne Declares Leo XIII to
Be in Good Health.
SPOKANE, Jan. 18.— Mgr. Antolni, -a
member of the Pope's household at Rome,
arrived here this morning and left to
night for Seattle.
"I am merely traveling for my health,"
he said, "and shall remain In this country
for two or three months longer."
Asked as to the Pope's health, he said:
"I have a letter received this week saying
his Holiness is in good health."
Hissing Man Is Heard From.
PORTLAND, Jan. 18.— Alec K. Bell, who
disappeared from this city two months
ago, has been heard from. Two letters
from him arrived in Portland. yesterday,
one to his fiancee and the other to his
mother. They were written in Los An
geles on January 14, just two months from
the date of the last prior tidings from
him.. He says he will return to Portland
when his health shall have been sufficient
ly restored, and intimates that this/wlll
be soon. Financial' losses and a conse
quent attack of brain fever that held him
unconscious for^ several weeks are given
in explanation of his strange silence.
Dividend for Depositors.
VANCOUVER, Wash.. Jan. 18.— Receiver
A. B. Eastham of the suspended First Na
tional Bank of Vancouver, commenced
paying depositors to-day the second divi
dend declared . since bank's failure last
May. It amounts to 25 per cent. The first
dividend paid was 60 per cent, thus leav
ing but 25 per cent of the deposits unpaid.
STITCHES WOUND
WITH SACK TWINE
from Truckee to Blue Canyon.
Below the latter point and Kocklln It is
raining. Rain ia falling in the Upper Sac
ramento Valley and the Indications are
favorable for precipitation in and about
this city before morning.
. SUISUN, Jan. i8.— Rain - began falling
here at sundown this , evening and bids
fair to continue all night.. This is the
first rain since January 2, at which time
an eighth of an inch fell. The rainfall for
the season is 6.21 inches in Suisun, against
10.55 last season to the same date. As yet
crops have not suffered. /
DIXON, Jan. 18.— Rain began falling at
dark this evening and a heavy storm is
imminent. The farmers have finished their
winter -work. Grain looks well through
out Northern Solano County, and the
present rain will greatly assist Its growth.
The wind is in the southeast, which is
the storm quarter, and bids fair to bring
a generous downpour.
REDDING. Jan. 18.— Light rain fell
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— Reports
received/ to-night from points
along: the Southern Pacific ¦ rail
road are that snow is falling
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18.— Light rain began
falling here at 5 o'clock * this evening,
measuring bt 10 o'clock .05 of an Inch. The
barometer \ has fallen from 80.40 to 29.80
during twenty-four hours and is still fall
ing, and conditions are fine for a heavy
rain. The precipitation to this date is 3.12
inches, against 11.17 to the same date last
year.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 18.— Rain com
menced falling here this afternoon 1 and
continued during the night. It is bene
ficial to the grain, as it will put the
ground in shape for plowing. and sowing.
The cold wave which accompanied the
storm will. assist the fruit by preventing
It budding too hastily. The rain is gen
eral in Sonoma County.
here at intervals this afternoon and a
downpour may occur at any hour. The
temperature varies greatly.. At times' it
is bitter cold. A snowstorm would not be
surprising. The farmers will . welcome
rain, as will the placer , miners. There ,13
but little snow even in the high moun
tains. The precipitation here since the
middle of December was the slightest in
years during the same period. - V
' SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 18.— A heavy rain
commenced to fall at 3:30 o'clock this
afternoon. It has given the earth a
thorough soaking. The rain comes op
portunely, as the ground was thirsting
for showers, and It meads much to the
farmer. , ' .
STOCKTON, Jan. 18.— Rain commenced
falling at 10 o'clock to-night and the In
dications are for a good storm. Crop pros
pects In this section are excellent, but
rain will do much good.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 18.— Rain began
falling in this section late this afternoon,
the downpour being gentle but steady.
All Indications are favorable for a con
tinuation during the night. .'„
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.— Heavy clouds
drifted in late this evening . and before
midnight a. gentle rain began to fall.
The ¦ precipitation is barely more than a
mist, but the chances are good for a
soaking downpour by morning.
. FRESNO, Jan. . 19.— Rain began falling
at 1 o'clock this (Sunday) morning.
.SAN DIEGO, Jan. 19.— A heavy rain be
gan at 1 o'clock, this morning.
LOUISVILLE,, Ky., Jan. .18.— Mayor
Grainger received . a letter . from Andrew
Carnegie's private secretary to-day , In
which Carnegie offers to give Louisville
$250,000 for ;a, public library provided 'the
city will . contribute $2500 annually for its
support i and ; offer a " suitable site. ' Tho
letter was in answer to a communication
addressed to Carnegie by Mayor Grainger
wherein the latter stated that he had
taken : steps to secure authority to tax the
city, for the support' of a library. Carne
gie made the -. city a ' similar offer some
time ago, but it was not accepted.
Carnegie's Gift to Louisville.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 18.— The First Bap
tist Church of this city is preparing, to
celebrate ; its golden Jubilee on February
27 and 28 and March L- Fifty years ago
the church was organized, the first ser
vice being held beneath a spreading? oak
on the Hudson ranch, seven mlle3 from
this city. That was also the date of the
organization - of the Baptist Association
of California. The organization of the
local congregation was effected under the
direction • of Rev. Stephen Rlley, a con
temporary of Rev. O. ; C. Wheeler, the
first Baptist missionary for California.
Only one original member is now llving*-
W. C. Catron.
Golden Jubilee of a Church.
The anti-Socialists refuse to recognize
this action . and the case will be taken
into court. \ ¦ .
Last night the ¦ Socialists j perpetrated a
coup d'etat by - seizing; Councilman Nel
son, an anti-Socialist, and taking, him
with them to > the f City. Hall. Being still
unable to enter -they held a Council meet
ing in the street, Nelson's presence mak
ing up a quorum." » They., then proceeded
to ¦ elect John C. Harkness Police Judge
and C.C. 'Anderson City Marshal. Both
men are Socialists.. '
TACOMA, Jan. 18.— When the municipal
election took place In Northport last
month the new Councllmen elected were
equally divided between the Socialists
and the other political parties. Much
feeling was aroused during the contest,
because the Socialist party was supported
chiefly by the Northport smelter men, who
struck last year and whose places were
filled by. non-union men! brought from
Joplin, Mo. The new mmers had not
been' in the State long enough to vote,
but their sympathies were with the can
didates who opposed the Socialist ticket.
The result of this fight was that neither
the . Socialists nor the . anti-Socialists
would join in organizing the City Coun
cil and that body has not yet transacted
any public . business. The anti-Socialists
had possession of the City. Hall and kept
the Socialists locked out of the building.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Seize Opposition Coun
cilman to Make Up
a^Quorum.
SOCIALISTS RULE
NORTHPORT TOWN
THE SA N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 15)02.
Snow Mantles the Mountains and the, Government Weather Bureau
in' San Francisco Reports^ the Conditions Favorable for Heavy
Precipitation Throughout Entire State Within a Few Hours
LIGHT FALL OF RAIN IN NORTHERN
AND CENTRAL CALIFORNIA COUNTIES
19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Shut your eyes, opan your mourn
mad moo what luck will bring you."
The mother smiles at the childish
game, and doesn't realize that it is a
game , she as a woman has perhaps,
played for a great many years.
Many a /woman is weak and 'sick,
nervous arid discouraged. She suffers
from headache, backache and other ills.
She wants to be well, but all she does is
to shut her eyes
and open her
mouth for medi-
cine and trust to
luck for results.
She -"doctcrrs"
month after
month, often
year after year,
in this same
blind ,hap-hazard
fashion, and; re-
ceives no perma-
nent benefit.
Women take
Dr. Pierce' s Fa-
vorite' Prescrip-
tion withy their
eyes open to the
fact that it cures womanly ills. It cures
irregularity. ; It dries debilitating. drains.
It heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures i female weakness. There is no
trusting x to luck by those who' use
'VFavonte Prescription."
"My disease was displacement and ulceratlon
of the uterus, and I was in a terrible condition
with pain and weakness and bad given up all
hopes of ever being well again," writes Mrs.
Harry A. Brown, of Orono. Penobscot Co., Me.
" Had doctored with four different doctors with-
in four months,' and instead of getting better
was growing weaker all the time. I decided to
try your .' Favorite Prescription,' ¦• Golden Med-
ical Discovery,* and- 'Pleasant Pellets/ as I had
heard of the many cures resulting from their
use, ;- 1 bought five bottles and felt so much bet-
ter after taking them that I kept on until I am
as well as ever in my life, and to Dr. Pierce all
the praise is due. i I cannot say enough in favor
of his medicines. ; Before I began taking your
medicines ' I only ..'weighed one . hundred - and
twenty pounds." I now weigh one hundred and
sixty pounds. ¦' I gained -¦ forty pounds ¦ in ; six
months. I shall doctor no more , with home
doctors, as it la only waste of money. I am now
in perfect health, thanks to Dr.- Pierce." ¦ '
Dr. ! Pierce's Pleasant 1 Pellets clear the
muddy comolcxlon??^$mm$m8&ffl
DR. KHiMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
JL/V ivU VflJJJL UJL .
Have You Rheumatism? Do You Have
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP^ROOT, the Great Kidney and Bladder
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
i ¦ ¦ _____
Pain or dull ache In the back Is unmls- of the bladder, uric acid, constant head-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It Is ache, dizziness, sleeplessness. nervous-
Nature's timely warning to show** you ness. Irregular heart-beating-, rheuma-
that the track of health la not clear. , tlsm, bloating, Irritability, worn out feet*
If these danger signals are unheeded Ing, lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sal-
more serious results are sure to follow; low complexion.
Bright's disease, which is the worst form if your water when allowed to remain
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you. undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
The mild and the extraordinary effect twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
of the world-famous kidney and bladder settling, or has a cloudy appearanoe, It
remedy, • Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is Is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
soon realized. It stands the highest for der need immediate attention.
its wonderful cures of the most distress- in taking Swamp-Root you afford natu-
ing cases. A trial will convince any one ral he i p to Nature for "swamp-Root Is
—and you may have a sample bottle free, tho most perfect header and gentle aid to
by malL the kidneys that ia known to medical
Backache and Urinary Trouble. \ science.
Amon«-th. many famou, cure, of Swamp- D^ZS^e'tin^LinSSad 1
DR. KILMER & CO. Blnehamton. Nt \ because they recognize in Swamp-Root
Gentlemen: When I wrote you last Marca th _ e-r-eatpst and -most «mrr«»««sfnl rmortv
for a «ample bottle of Swamp-Root my wife l "e sreaiesi ana most successiui remedy,
was a great sufferer from backache, rheuma- If you have the slightest symptom of
tlsm and urinary trouble. After trying: the kidney or bladder trouble, or if there 13 a
sample bottle the bought a large bottle here at trace of it In your family history, send at
the drugstore. That did her so much good she once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton,
bought more. The effect of Swamp-Root was N. Y., who will gladly send you free by
wonderful and almost Immediate. She has felt mall. Immediately, without cost to you, a
no return of the old trouble since. sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
Oct.. 1301. F. THOMAS. of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials.
311 Northampton at", Buffalo, N. T. Be sure to say that you read this gener-
Lame back Is only one symptom of kid- ous offer In the San Francisco Sunday Call,
ney trouble— one 01 many. Other symp- If you are already convinced that
toms showing that 5 you need Swamp- Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
Root are, obliged to pass water often purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
during the day and to get up many times dollar size bottles at drug stores. Don't
at night, inability to hold your urine, make any mistake, but remember tho
smarting or irritation in passing, brick- name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamt>-
dust . or . sediment in the urine, catarrh Root, and the address. Binghamton. N. :Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Baa Fr&aciaco, Sunday. 19 January. 1902. . ¦ > -- ¦—»'
Wardrobe folding bed
y Three useful articles of furniture are here combined in one •
p handsome piece— a folding bed, a wardrobe and a cheval mir-
I ror. Considering: its many uses and conveniences, this is one
of the most inexpensive pieces of furniture on the market
to-day. . .
It is built of oak, with quartered oak panels, and is finished
golden color. When opened out aa a bed it measures 6 feet 3
inches lone by 4 feet wide.- When closed it is only to, inches
wide and 26 inches deep. The bed frame works on steel arms
i at each side and locks automatically when opening and clos-
ing. The lees also operate automatically when opening: and
i dosing. It would take two men to close the bed when two
people are occupying it, and then some one would be compelled
to hold the lock open, as it is impossible to close the bed
without unlocking it Therefore you see it is perfectly safe.
The bed is equipped with a first-class, comfortable spring
and there is plenty of room for bedding.
The wardrobe portion is very large and fitted with plenty of
hooks. In the door of the wardrobe is the large mirror— a
fine French bevel 18 by 40 inches, which is large enough to
reflect the full figure. In the bottom is a large drawer extend-
\ ing the full width of the piece.
One of the features of this furniture piece are the castors —
four 3-inch nickel-plated, easy running rollers, with polished
> face, so they will not wear the carpet.
Price for this piece complete, $50.00. ¦
i : — ; — — o
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Five Dollars a Box.
The Price Gut No Figure With Him.
"I want to say for the benefit of some poor
dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
give comfort and a cure every time. Five
V -¦"'.'.":-¦ ¦ ' ,
dollars &. box would not stop my purchasing
them should I ever suffer again as I did for a
week before using them.
"The one 50-cent box I bought at my drug-
gist's did the work and my digestion 'is all
right again. ,- ¦
"Many of my neighbors have also tried these
tablets . and found them to be just as repre-
sented and Mr. Ellms also wants me to use his
nameMn endorsing Btuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets.
Signed
"A. -ELLMS and CHAS. F. BUZZELL,
: * : "As«t. Postmaster.
"South Sudbury, - Mass."
Mrs. Jas. Barton of Toronto, Canada, writes:
"For eighteen months I suffered from what I
supposed' was bladder and kidney trouble, and
took medicine . from three different, doctors,
without' any sign of cure.- I felt so 111 at last
I was hardly ! able to do my work. . '
'-'- "I < thought I would try > a ; box of Stuart's
Dyspepsa Tablets and see "if they would make
me feel better, never really thinking I had dys-
pepsia, but after only three or four tablets had
been taken all the acid trouble disappeared and
then • I • discovered I bad • had add : dyspepsia,
while the ' doctors had ¦ been treating ¦ me - for
kidney and bladder trouble . and one of them
treated me for rheumatism.' • , ¦ ¦ .- ¦=•
"My digestion is fine, my complexion clear
and I am able to do my work and low spirits
are unknown to me.-. . .. .
¦ "I am so thankful for finding a cure so good
and so pleasant to take as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I am ¦ sursrised at ' the change . they
have made in me."
- All • druggists ¦ sell and . recommend . Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, because they contain only
the simple, natural digestives, and taken after
meals prevent acidity and cause prompt diges-
tion and assimilation : of food. . ....
' Physicians everywhere ' indorse them • because
they are as safe for. the child as for the adult;
they are Invaluable . for sour BtoTnach, * nervous
dyspepsia, heartburn, gas on stomach and bow-
mirn and every form of stomach derangement. :
ADVEBTISEBIENTS.
r: 1 <~«~«— w—
Suffered 20 Years.
Cured of PSies.
A. Ij. Huslnr. Alma, W. Va.. writes: "I suf-
fered frightfully for 20 years from Itching,
blind and bleeding piles. I tried many reme-
dies without relief; the first application of
Pyramid Pile Cure grave blessed relief and part
of a SOjcent box cured me completely." For
sale by all druggists. Little book. "Pllea.
Causes and Cure," mailed free. Pyramid Drus
Co.. Marshall, Mich,
Jf Some very %\
/low prices. \-
fff( \ The prices quoted in this ad are good up to next Saturday 1^
jfr night, January 25 th. Telephone orders will be promptly filled \ft
W South 35 6 - No other concern in this State can afford wX
jjjf' to quote a list of prices such as these. Open day and night. \
n Stanford Vina Brandy ql bot $1 Packer** and Lawrence's it
E${ A fzmotu California product — re j- T C •> t o c
I h cJar price Ji. 50 laf jO3p j Z iOF 2oC V
p ODve Oil bottle 40c WaSeVTtlp? <w ««
R toported-the wul price U ,oc a 1 .TT?.,'- ' * 85C
I K -«. . > e . . * _ A •plendid kidney remedy — tho
lu? UiamOlS SKinS 5C old-time $1.25 «ize I
|j The size the Owl tell* regularly VlOIet Ammonia boltlc 20c
\\ *° r * me The Owl*« regular price It 25c
Ii\ Weather Thermometers 25c c aD cth . erf f h " £e more
iji VJ Rppular joe— thoronglilT reliable w<»j/<j nui . AvC ¦ V;
«('>¦ Hnnf er Rw Wh?«ki»v nL hn* tl u Be * *?"? P°*«Jer r°» erer need fa I
\ vte */3gt?ntM for the JRulton RctttoXleB * Jjfi
v4\\ 1125 rl •rf\*4 Sh., S*n f*rtncit€A If/*/
U Bro«lw«y !• lOlh S«., O«KI*nd UfV.The ¦. figures, ¦; concludes.,' the statement,
show ; that the present growth' of popula
tion is a resultant In the North of a very
rapid , growth of . large deities, a ; slower
growth- of ; small cities and- a very -slight
growthin the country; ;and a resultant in
the South ; of a rate of : growth of n large
cities below the average for the co?intry,
balanced ', by a ' striking ' growth of . small
'cities^ and an Increase of- rural' population
twice as fast j as; the ' average for , the
United States/ - - - \"
Incorporated places^ of. less than 4000-^
North 27:9, South 44.4, West 46.5; In United
states 33.".,. ;,;•¦-• -.•.-¦ :-j ; / ;-: ¦ ¦ ' -¦
Rural— North 1.2, South 17.9, West 22; In
United States 9.4. ,: '¦'<¦¦ : . :.-,;'
South— Total, 24,523,557; cities of 25,000 or
more, 2,488.553, or 10 per cent.. ">..
West— Total; 4,091,349; cities of. JJ5.000 or
more; 1,033,179, or 25 per cent. ' ;; ;.
The per cent of Increase of population
living in places, of sizes Indicated : from
1S90 to 1900, by sections, follows: 25,003 and
over— North 42.2, South '31,-; West; 47.3; !n
United States 41; SOOO to 25,C00-North-22.7,
South 26.9; West 17.9; in^United States 23.1;
4000 to'; 8000— North, 27.6. South: 87.3,' West
50.7; in United States "36.7. .;.•;.-¦.
SAN"! RAFAKL. . Jan. IS.— Manuel " -Sylva was
thrown; lroni his wagon /and* 'severely 'Injured
at Ross station -this "morains-' 1 lie Injured
man >. was brought to this city «.nd attended 'by
Jpr.vW.fJj Wkkman. His injuries, me ,i..v.;i.r
and may prove fatal. ¦•- * ' .¦¦' :
\ IOL.A. * Kans./ Jan. 18.— General ¦< Fred
erick Funston, who arrived hom.e from
Manila a few days ago' on sick leave, will
soon undergo another operation, accord
ing to Lieutenant Burton J. Mitchell, who
made 'the trip across the Pacific with the
general and who - arrived home -here to
day.' General Funston, -who- is. now, in
Oakland, Cal., will, come; East" within a
few days, according to Lieutenant,Mitch
ell, and submit to an operation at Kansas
City • under, the direction of "-Dr. - Krnest
Robinson. . • ¦ ' . "
Funston to Undergo Operation.
SPRINGVILX.E, Ala., Jan. 18.— A pitched
battle has taken place between a posse
of citizens and burglars at Brompton.
The posse now has the burglars surround
ed, : and as more trouble Is feared the
Sheriff at Birmingham has been asked for
aid.
Fosse and Burglars in Battle.
That night the wild man attempted to
force an entrance into the Babcock
EUREKA, Jan. IS.— In the .vicinity of
Orick a wild man of .the woods has been
eeen. His appearance was first noted on
Sunday- when "William Babcock, who re
eldes en the Hayes place, hearing an un
lamillar noise in the brush, inade an in
vestigation. Believing the noise was
made by a bear, he fired ona shot into
the brush and was surprised to see a
man emerge on all fours from the bushes.
Mrs. Babcock was standing a short dis
tance away and the man catching sight
of her. made a dash as though to attack
the defenseless woman. Babcock fired
at him and he turned and fled into the
brush.
EDecial Dispatch to The Call.
"North— Total population, 47,379, 699; popu
lation of cities of 25,000 or ¦ more, 16,196,580,
or 34 per cent. ' . . 1.
Of the populatiph; of 75,994,575 in conti
nental United States, 19,718^12, or 25.9 per
cent, live in cities of- 25,000 inhabitants or
more, j The proportion of inhabitants ' of
the three sections,' the .North;; South and
West, Into which ithe census'. divides" the
United States, follows: '.¦"¦ ' ' •
Percentages on Population.
.The ''.statement -shows' that in tho North
the proportion of the population living In
large cities is more than three times as
great as it is in- the South. The popula
tion- living In cities of over 25,000 T inhab
itants Increased 41 per cent. between iS90
and 1900, partly by the growth of the 124
cities of that size in 1S90 and partly by the
addition during the following ten years of
thirty-six other . cities to the list/ The
population of the country ' these
cities increased between ,1890 and 1S0O 14.9
per cent. The 160 cities :of the United
States'each of -which: had '6ver' 20,000 in
habitants In 1900 increased in population
S2.5 per cent between. 1890 and 1900; the rest
of. the United States,' excluding 'Alaska
and the J recent r Insular j possessions, in
creased 17.1 per. cent. .
Director Merriam's statement is de
signed to explain how the deduction that
the South, for the first time, is , now grow
ing as rapidly as the North and harmonizes
with the well-known facts that, in- the
N,orth the proportion of inhabitants living
in cities is much larger than it is in the
South, and that as a ruic- cities increase
in population much more rapidly , than
country ; districts. . ,.' • ¦ ' •• •.-
South Grows Fast as ¦ North.
The large: cities, taken collectively, are
growing nearly twice as rapidly as the
rest of the country;' the per -cent'. -of. the
population of Northern States living in
large cities Is nearly three times : as great
as the corresponding per cent . in the
South ; the North has a rate of increase
no greater than that of .the South; the
large cities lm "the North are growing
much faster. than, those of the same size
In the South, but that difference Is bal
anced by an extraordinarily rapid growth
of small towns and cities In the South,
and especially by the high rate of Increase
of Southern rural population.
The statement says these results -seem
paradoxical but are correct. '.. ¦' .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.-The director
of the census to-day gave out a statement
regarding the growth of urban population
North and South which shows the follow
ing facts: '
FULTON, Mo., Jan. 18.— Further ¦inves
tigation Into the affairs of the Commer
cial Bank," which was closed yesterday
following the disappearance of its cashier!
Philip S. Adams, shows the bank to be in
a much -worse condition" than was "first
reported..!! An additional shortage of $5S00
in collections, made since January 1, was
discovered to-day. George B. Carstar
phen, chief of the State Banking Depart
ment, said to-day that at. least $10,000 in
mone>\ is 'gone'; aifd perhaps more". The
bank held about $6000 county funds.: Noth
ing haRyetbccn heard from Cashier Ad
ams.' Some' of . his friends insist that he
will return and make an accounting.
Tec Thousand the Bank's Loss.
South Seems to Be Grow
¦ ing as Rapidly as
• the North.
Humboldt County Resi
dents Organize a
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 18.— Mall ad
vices from the New Thunder Mountain
g-old district of Idaho, - brought- out over
the mountains by returning prospectors,
shew that active development work is be
ing continued In spite of the deep snow
and confirm the first reports of the great
richness and extent of the fields. - It is
almost Impossible *to pack in provisions
over the trails In .winter, and but few are
venturing in. At.Mackay, Boise, Salmon
City, Ketcham and 'YVelser, however, hun
dreds of prospectors are already, gather-
Ing to. start In as soon •as the tra,ils are
passable./ The, Oregon. Short Line. has ar
ranged -for a line of stage coaches from
Ketcham to. the new gold fields, to be
started about May 1.
Miners Ready to Start for Gold.
WILD MAN HIDES
IN THE BUSHES
'•BERLIN. Jan. 18. — Emperor William to-day
received Coquelin Sr., the French actor, who
Is now play ins at the Royal Theater here.
CENSUS FIGURES
ARE PARADOXICAL
Burglars Take Coin and Jewels.
|i LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.— Burglars en
tered the residence of P. B. Roy at 1515
Hoover street early this morning and
took jewelry* and- money to } the amount
of $1000,,. escaping without arousing the
family. A number of, valuable diamonds
belonging ' to Mrs. Roy were left un
touched. : ,,-:. . U :;>--'<; ; ;
house. Failing to gain entrance at the
door, he ¦ tried a window. Babcock
flred a shot through the window and the
prowler ran for the woods. The Bab
cock family vacated the house the next
day. The wild man has twice been seen
In that vicinity. Who he is no one knowB.
A searching party has" been organized in
Orick and the mad man is being hunted
with- dogs.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11— The Demo
cratic members of the Senate Committee
on the Philippines were In consultation
for" several hours to-day over their pro
posed sub-proposition for the Philippine
tariff bill. They are agreed on all the es
sential features of their position. In gen
eral they say they will recommend that
in the end provision should be made for
giving the Filipinos their independence,
but in the meantime providing for free
trade between the United States and the
Philippine archipelago, such as Is main
tained between the United States proper
and other territories.
Want Independence for Filipinos.
V PARIS/ Jan. 18.— A crusade has - been
started here to fight , the adulteration of
milk,, to which the great mortality of in
fants Is "largely "attributed." ' r
The agitation, is an outcome- of the
gravej concern expressed at the depopula
tion'of 1 * France. The Matin^has organized
a "Citizens' League for the Protection of
Human- Life," which will carry through
the prosecutions of. every case of milk
adulteration. ,
As an Instance of the unscrupulous
character, of the milk adulteration here
it Is pointed -out that a carrier was re
cently arrested at night time while he
was fillings his cans with filthy stagnant
water from the fountains in. the Place de
Lacoricorde.' " ' / -'/.' ;
The Matin announces to-day that Presi
dent Loubet, M. Fallieras, President of
the Senate, and M. Deschanel, President
of the Chamber of Deputies, have accept
ed Invitations to become patrons of the
crusade.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— The Senate Com
mittee on Postbf flees to-day authorized Senator
Mason to report the bill granting . the frank
ing privilege to Mrs. McKinley.
YOUNGSTOWN.- O., Jan. 18.— W. E. Taylor,
vice president and general manager of the Re
public Iron ami Steel Company, has resigned,
effective February 1. • . • ' - - v
. By special arrangement every reader of The
San Francisco Sunday Call may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root by mall,
free, (if they have not already had one) by
sendMie .their address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
lJinghamton. N. Y. . 1 ¦ • -•¦ • ••
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-tRoot, the great kidney,
liver and bladder remedy, is remarkably suc
cessful in. the -quick relief and cure of the dis
eases for which it is recommended. There is
hardly' a drug store in the land that does not
keep and highly recommend this celebrated
preparation for kidney, liver and bladder trou
bles. .:. • 1 - ¦••¦'.. . ¦ . v
A simple method of finding out if your kid
neys are at fault has often been. called to the
attention of our, readers through Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root* advertising in the columns of this
paper, and it is now, repeated for the .benefit
of those who may be interested.' " Viz:' "Fill
a bottle with urine and set aside for twenty
four hours or so, and if it shows a brick-dust
sediment' or cloudy appearance, or if the urine
is scanty or. profuse,' or if it is found neces
sary jj to go often through ' the day, or get up
many times during the night, you may be sure
our kidneys need . attention." - ¦ ¦
So prevalent and- deceptive 1 ' 1 is '.kidney trouble
that it very often becomes well advanced be
fore it is even suspected, therefore it-behooves
all 'to be on ' the lookout. Should you.- be ill,
or not .feeling well, '.it would be wise,, to first
pay attention to the kidneys and ascertain if
they are the cause of your trouble. * .
Pre valency of; Kidney ¦Trbu'ble.
Crusade Begins to Pre
vent .Adulteration
, by Dealers. -
CHICAGO. 'Jan. 18.— The Record-Herald
will say to-morrow: ~- , r ¦'- "v
Professor Charles W. Pearson of the
chair of. English literature In the North
western University, which Is conducted
under Methodist auspices, has thrown a
bomb Into the ranks of Methodism, in
Bvanston, the seat of the university, by
giving out for publication a statement of
his belief that Biblical infallibility Is a
superstitious and hurtful tradition, and
that the Biblical stories of Christ** bring
ing the dead to life, of his walking on th©
water-anil of feeding the multitude with
the' loaves and fishes, are.mere poetic
fancies, lncredltabls and untrue.
Professor Pearson declares that the
policy of the Methodist church Is one of
Inactivity, 1 obstruction and silence on the
views in which the- leaders and scholars
of the church have gradually become to
believe, but which are not held by the
body evasive.' He also says moet of the
Sunday-school teaching Is almost farcical
and entirely inadequate.
The decision affects the entire. Palomas
mining district, which lies north of New
hall.
While disputing over possession of the
land in 1SSS, armed forces of men under
William Chormicle and W. W. Jenkins
fought a battle, in which' two of the tat
ter's men were killed. ¦ Chormicle and his
companions were tried but' were exoner
ated from the charge of -'willful killing,
the court finding that the Jenkins party
was organized for the sole purpose of
keeping its rivals oft the land. ¦
The local land authorities have decided
that S. P. Rees.^W. "W. Jenkins and
Joseph.:, H... Wilbur have no legal
title to 5751.53 acres of land claimed
in the Palomas mining district, near Cas
taic, Los. Angeles County, prop^
erty will be turned over' to agricultural
claimants, of which William C. Chormicle
is the chief. Although the mineral claims
were taken up fifteen years ago, United
States officials find that no systematic de
velopment of the land has been conducted
and that there exists no proof that the
property contains either oil or minerals.
LOS- ANGELES, Jan. 18.— The local
United States Land Office has rendered
an important decision In the Chormicle
case, which has been pending since 1SS6
and which has long been a subject of dis
pute between agricultural and mineral In
terests. , - , . ..-..-•
Fought Years Ago Near
; .• CCastaic •
Court's Decision Recalls a Battle
MINERS LOSE CLAIMS
IN PALOMAS DISTRICT
NorthwesternTJniversity
Professor Creates
Sensation.
MAKES ATTACK
ON THE BIBLE
PARIS STORMS
AGAINST MILK
This action of the Governor Is , the re
sult of the successful fight' made by the
railroad and similar corporations against
the revenue laws adopted by the Legis
lature a year ago.
DENVER. Colo., Jan. 18.— Governor Or
mah to-n!ght issued a call for an extra
session of the Legislature to meet Janu
ary-27 for the purpose of providing the
necessary revenue to pay the expenses of
the State and the State institutions 'for
the years 1901 and 1902; the enactment of
new laws relative to the levying and col
lection of taxes; the submission to the
people of a constitutional amendment rel
ative to the collection of taxes, and espe
cially those laws against corporations and
for the remedying of minor defects In
certain' laws passed at the last legislative
session.
Session to Settle Important
Legal Questions.
LEGISLATOBS MUST
. PROVIDE. FOB REVENTTE
Colorado's Governor Calls an Extra
Rakowski's is the. second nlstance of
anarchy reported from the Columbia Riv
er po.sts.. The other man was stationed at
Fort' Stevens, and made a statement slml
lar'to that' of Rakowski's. 'fThe soldiers
immediately pounced upon him and gave
him 'a thrashing whk:h he will doubtless
remember 'as longpas he-; ltves. x He was
threatened . with even more severe treat
ment nofcleave the post within
twenty*-four houf&,' Tha't|j night he took his
departure and was;never. seen again. ' .. "
"The man seemed to be a quiet fellow,"
said^ Captain ' Cloke, "and prior to the
time of his anarchistic utterance at Chi
nook never gave any trouble. He was
drunk when he threatened the life of the
President." •" v.-- 1 • • ¦ ¦';.*¦ ¦
Captain Cloke said this evening that he
know little -of Rakowskl except that he
formerly resided on Milwaukee avenue,
Chicago. .„* : -
Rakowski's sentence was dishonorable
discharge, forfeiture of all pay tand allow
ances and : confinement in ..the military
prison at Alcatraz Island for.; a period of
ten years. In the presence, of ;the assem
bled post guard the order. waa read to the
soldier by Lieutenant Tobiri, officer of the
day. . . ¦¦ ' " . ¦ ... , *;„ '" V'
The remark was overheard by several
civilians and the man was roughly hand
led. The Chinook authorities detained
him and the case was brought to the at
tention of Justice of the Peace Dalton of
Ilwaco. Rakowski was arraigned and
Slven over to the, custody of the military
authorities. He was charged .with viola
tion of the; sixty-second • article of war,
which covers a multitude of sins, includ
ing "conduct to the prejudice of military
discipline." The court-martial found him
euilty. . , -TLvi ••
"President McKinley got what he de
served. My time of enlistment in the
army will soon expire, and, when It does
I'll see that President Roosevelt gets the
same "dose that Gzolgoszv^gave •McKin
ley." .v.- " '¦ ¦ -. . -:•_. , ¦ ; ¦•
A few days before Christmas RakowskJ
became intoxicated at Chinook, and while
in a saloon there made the following
statement:- . • . .¦
Rakowskl was a member of Captain
Clokes company, stationed at Fort Ste
vens. He was on detached duty at Fort
Columbia, Washington, when he;' voiced
the anarchistic sentiment. After his ar
rest by the civil authorities he was turned
over to the military officials at Fort Can
by. He was tried before a' general court
martial made up of the following officers:
Major Humphreys, president; Lieutenants
Spurr, Tobln, Weeeks, McBrlde and Pour
rie. ; s : ¦••_ -. ¦ .-<•¦« ,
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.-Frank Ra
kowskl; a soldier in -the United -States
army, was degraded at Fort Clanby yes
terday and sentenced to: ten -years' im
prisonment in the military prison on Al
catrass Island. Ttakowski had threatened
the life of President Roosevelt. Early
yesterday morning, ho was taken from tha
guardhouse and , in the presence of the
post guard; of twenty-one men- the sen
tence of the -general court-martial was
read to him.. He was brought "on the
morning boat to this city and sent. on to
Alcatraz. ; ¦ '' ¦•.:¦,-.•¦¦¦¦ .- •. , •¦ ¦
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
Too much credit cannot be given to the en
ergy, generosity and wisdom displayed by the
Miners' Union. It Immediately put up a small
hospital building and moved Its sick members
Into the place as soon as possible after they
were stricken. It secured the best nurses ob
tainable I to cafe for '¦ the ' sick. The general'
manager 'of the Tonopah Company, Mr. Oddle,
was also very energetic and liberal In his do
nations to relieve the afflicted. It Is almost
unjust to mention one individual above ' an
other In this matter, for every one gave .of
his substance or time to aid the afflicted.
From the data that X was able to acquire
I have no hesitancy In saying that the disease
Is pneumonia ¦ In character, but complicated
with congestion, of the liver in most cases
and gastric disturbances and weak hearts In
all of them. The disease Is similar In char
acter to that which prevailed In Hamilton.
Eureka and Floche in the late sixties and
early seventies and like that In 1878 and 1879.
After as thorough Investigation as was possible
In thirty-six hours I see no cause for panto
or to look upon the disease that existed In
Tonopah as one of a mysterious character.
That the mortality has been great is conceded,
but< no. more so than occurred In the towns I
have mentioned. The rate of mortality might
have been much less had the sick been better
housed. Lying, as moet of' them did. In tents,
a proper regulation of temperature could not
be obtained. The sanitary condition of the
town is bad and the water supply worse, both
of which could be almost perfectly corrected.
CARSON. Nev., Jan. 18.— Dr. 8. L. r««.
secretary of the State Board of Health,
who went to Tonopah mining camp to In
vestigate the pneumonia plague that has
claimed so many victims there, has sub
mitted his report to the Governor. Dr.
Lee says there; was nothing mysterious
about the epidemic, and attributes the
heavy mortality to the poor sanitation In
the camp and the fact that there were no
facilities for the proper care of the sick.
He aays In his report:'
Upon my arrival In Tonopah I found a. con
dition that amounted to panlo. An •pidemlo of
pneumonia, with complication!, brok* out on
th« night of December 81, 1901. and "b«twe«a
that date and January 13 ¦aventean deaths 00
curred. However, only thirteen- of thl» num
ber died of the disease named. There wer*
twenty-six casea of an aggravated character.
In addition to this number there were thirty or
forty cases similar In character, but milder
In form, all of whom recovered.
Much difference of opinion existed In th«
minds of the physicians resident as to' the
character of the disease and the cause of It.
All agree, however, that diseass of the lung*
existed with each and every case- It waa un
fortunate that only one autopsy was made.
Had more been performed a more perfect
knowledge of the pathology would have been
obtained.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
'• A. telegram was received In Helena to
day by ex-Governor Hauser from, former
Senator "Wolcott. of Colorado, inquiring as
to the genuineness of the find and saying
If It was genuine Morton O. Frewen, the
English financier, would start for Mon
tana immediately.
¦ Deo, brought in- a largo number of the
stones, which he founa ,pn the sree of Ant
Hills. Some of the- stones" that were ex«
amlned and thoroughly tested by a min
eralogist were pronounced sapphires of
an excellent Quality, similar to th© white
sapphires "fduriaT'.ih" tne Togo" district,'
which are now shipped to London. ; j
Deo Insists that a prominent diamond
merchant of New York rendered an opin
ion to the effect that the stones werer dia
monds. The general Impression, however,
is that the discovery is a sapphire field
richer than that- of Yogo. which Is the
most noted In the United States.
HELENA.- Mont.. Jan. 18.— A special to
the Independent from L«rwiston, near the
scene of the reported diamond discoveries,
says that According to Clifford Deo, \ the
discoverer, the fields cover an. area of
fifteen miles 'long and four miles wide.
Says the Heavy Mortality Was
Due to the Camp's Poor
• Sanitation. \
-' v r. h t - 1 - ~ . • ¦ . - - , „., /¦
¦*'"•..*¦¦*¦¦ *• *•'¦».' . "" _ f ' ¦'
Ehglish Financier Ready to
,' ' Start for Field " Imme-.
; diately.
Pays'Dearly for Remark-That
f Mckinl63^"Grot %hati[e
- -...Deserved." _. .
Nevada Health Officer
Reports Passing of
Crisis. - •- v
Stones Found^ in % -the
-Northwest May Not
Be Diamonds. .
Soldier Is Degraded^ and
Given Ten Years \
in Prison.
ALL SAPPHIRES,
SAYS AN EXRERT
THREATENS LIFE
OF ROOSEVELT
TONDPAH PLAGUE
PLAIN PNEUMONIA
20
in Which to Take Advantage of Drs. Shores & Shores' notable Offer to Treat All Who Applied During January
With Catarrh or Any Complicated Nervous or Chronic Disease Until Cured for the One IiO-w Fee of 95 a Month.
No Other Charge or Expense in Any Case. All Medicines, Care and Attention Furnished Absolutely to
Demonstrate to the Public That There is a PERMANENT CUBE for CHHONIC DISEASES (That Are Curable).
Scores have already taken advantage of the offer. Drs. Shores said that who applied duricjr January with Deafness. Catarrh or
any Chronic Uteeasv no matter how COMPLICATED, would be treated until cured for the low fee of $5 a month, all medicines Included
free DIi8 SDUKKS KEKf TH KIR WORD, but as only twelve days remain of the time fixed by Dro. Shorea for this special offer to close
IJRS." SHORES NOW TAKE THIS PUBLIC MANNER TO WARN ALL, THAT ASSURE AS YOU READ THESE LINES. JUST SO SURH
WIU/TH'U $3 RATE FOIL ALL DISEASES, MEDICINES FREE, BE WITHDRAWN January 31st. AND WILL POSITIVELY NOT
AGAIN BE ltKNKWKD OR KXTENDED. If you areleft this time blame yourself. For DRS. -SHORES WARN ALL that after January
:!lst the price for treatment will be ADVANCED. Start in AT ONCE if you want to be cured for the low fee of $5 per month, all medicines
'Included free. Do not wait until the closing days of the month to apply and be LOST In the rush, but apply NOW. CONSULTATION TREK
-i ALL THIS WEEK FOR ANY DISEASE. :• •; . - ,. • -;t'.-j
.^tjl^. IMPORTANCE OF CURE.
/^STS^£2*j*§w*2s^. While CATARRH docs not cause all cases of CONSUMPTION. It !s also tru» that thc*s
/k3\'*#*S*iii^!!^<£5r Vk -who have consumption have been subject to Catarrh. CONSUMPTIVES were catarrh victims
•¦ - ¦' ¦•"ilSiftJr . -" - Yt They took cold. Catarrh had prepared the way for CONSUMPTION. Tubercular CONSUMP-
'¦'¦ IIjw \ TION ever requires a BREAK in the membrames which line the breathiny tubes. Catarrh
';',, -HS* • furnishes the broken places in the form of RAW SPOTS. The consumptive GERM3 cannot
' • -' " K*3 ¦ • ¦ " • i enter the blood of one whose bodily health is perfect, whose -blood is rich and pure, unless
s IStt. i ' " ' " .' - there should exist in such person's body a broken SORE OR INFLAMED DISCHARGING
-Hrcfis • ¦ ~~ : SPOT where these GERMS may lodge, and enter the system. CATARRH forms Just such
-'ftj'/ln ' '. — >_ broken places, and these parsons whose Throats 'and Bronchial Tubes are raw and Inflamed
•• ISfiiH ' sr'r-MJ&sp? 1 - £&£*&£, are ever exposed to the danger of acquiring CONSUMPTION. If the people ¦were only alive
,*?$ffl "^^r^^llSsfS 2\ t0 the fact that if they attended to their THROAT AND BRONCHIAL TUBES and allowed
" .; \iSS\'ct! -3*OsSiX^5* WI» JJ those SKILLED in the treatment of these parts to cure them, there would be fewer cases of
' WiftV// "¦"**"•• "M -'¦ II consumption.
YCllr > /> ' /•&}& - - * / - _ . . __ • . _ -_ _ ' „ ___
sMil ¦ M V /^^K SPECIALTIES. d§£££*k
\}'}il ,ty*&ijJ\ I I fi^« CATARRH — Deafness. Nose arid Throat ffRHr y
¦¦• -^#Ti^V / '¦ • <o^9 Troubles, Eye and Ear Diseases, Bronchial t*M jf^/A
... Wjlj /^S^St^Jv?; / ni3 VSiS. Ww and L «"S Troubles. Asthma, Stomach, Liver feSI
Vs ¦' yggKJj .f> a / ¦ IVViy £l, ' ali^ Kidney Diseases, Bladder Troubles,? Fe-' » wST "^^ j\ _
» ¦¦",; il ' ' '5V*<i\ '/ / ' I • *> niale Ccmplalnta. Diseases of Women and Chll- "Cf '•Cl
'«Kff'\k^il\ /S I -"*^t w dren. Heart Disease, Nervous Diseases, Chorea j jtL, t^JtmS^t
/oJiV %^ /C \ *5^> ¦¦''¦'*^> tSt ' Vitus " Dance), Rickets. Spinal Trouble, '^J^P^^mUJ*- ¦
¦ ¦ >wSifl&'\V\\'^^ m ¦ <s4. y«^*>J»l^^ Ovarian Diseases/ Sciatica and Rheumatfsm. /Sggk^^S&Tj^sSSL
. v<^vWi l tv\\\\'^V^^^^r Jl •^^t^M^^S:^, Diseases ot the Bowels; Piles, Fistula and Kec- f?J^^ ZS^i^U
' ¦WKlv^^K £gm^SmiM& ta I Troubles. Loat Manhood. Private Diseases. S®^5ZCCt\W
¦' ' «WlS^ ;V I A\ ijfSBSSj Goiter (or Big Neck). Blood Diseases, all Pis- X^
R^W^^S^*/ \ N "fflliik ea8es Of * he Pr08tate Gland. Tapeworm, Hay M
V \\^n%^/^ *^ ni P' / £ Home Treatment Cures. Write ™
' ¦ y^^S^f^^ 1 \l \lWar yor>s y m P tomLJ st. Consultation "^^^ '
ch-o4 H ca° a Tnh WEAK MEN. Pay When Cured.
' '• ' . i '• / ' *" .= . : .: if yon suffer from any of the weaknesses or "^e cure you first and then ask a REASON-
MR. HORR SAYS: "I SUFFERED from diseases caused by ignorance or dissipation ABLE FEE when you are cured. NOW WH
what I. considered .. the . wor«f- , case of YOU ARE THE VERY PERSON WE WANT WANT TO CURE YOU with- the distinct «tT
Catarrh a man. could possibly have. I could to TALK TO.. .: rto,«t~-^i«<, ?>,„? ™i,i . tr awtmct ua-
hardly smell kerosene. I could not tell _one We have proven our skill In curing CHRON- «ttn L demand a FEE
food from another by smell. I jC oul6\ hardly i C diseases by publishing the many^ voluntary „, Ui™. y °°'
speak at, times, had constant colds, with head testimonials from home people, giving names ALL PRIVATE DISEASES are Included In
stopped 1 upr and; generally felt eick. and run pictures and addresses. . . - this special offer, such as LOST MAVwrvm
unli?-!^ WE CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURES SSSS"-TS£^ 8Deraato " ho^ ™»%*
%f$ti^&T^£Z&^^£S .IN PRIVATE DISEASES" .
to •- all' butward appearances I was cured." : I Because It would betray confidence Hencis we «t»i«. >^S r^i? e ? 8e i?!* 3 reached tho Incurable
spoke of this splendid work to my friends from have to prove our skill In thiaclass of troubles %!.'«?£. JEn 1^ T te ." you ao >
time to>time,,but- I WANTED TO SEE, IF In another way. This Is our plan- trouWe3 o- 0^ 3 " 1^' 011 an {^ "animation free by letter
THE CURE WAS PERMANENT, so I have ,. . . " ,i', v ~ ; , ¦_ or in person. Call or write.
waiteJ now over fifteen months, and FIND NO ' - ' ; '
;"W^^""^m;* onUStLb, Specialists,
like a perfectly sound and . healthy . man, and ' 'Permanently 11/! I TV n 1 1 ¦ rii nun ni<m «-T-
I have concluded thore is n« doubt about my Located in W LEY B. ALLEN BUILDINfi Q33 MARKET QT
..H. HORH. West Jordan. Utah. Office Hours-Week Day,. 9 a. n, to i P. n.^veSn^^^un^lO a. n, to 11 noon.
. - ¦
ATWERTISKTVI KN'l*a.
To knock out the Grip, tak« M 77.»» •
To break up a Cold, take "J7."
To stop a Couff& and soothe the chest,
take "71."
To cure- Catarrh and dear tho fc&ad,
take "77." .
To prevent Pneumonia, aad strenrtJiea
thft lungs, take "71."
To cure Quinsy and heal tha throat,
take •'%.*'¦' *.i
To feel secure and keep well, be pre-
pared for emergency by carrying in your
pocket a bottle of "Seventy-Seven" CTT 1 ),
Dr. Humphrey's Famous Specific for Grip
and Colds. It stops a. Cold at the start
and "breaks up" Colds that hang on,
Missouri "Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St Louis.
Personally conducted exounions rla this
route to Chicago. New York. Bo«ton and all
Eastern point*. Tor berth reservation and toll
information address b^etcher.
Pacific Coast Agent.
1 126 California »t.. San rrandsco, CaL
' Your Fortune ToldFree. \
nn rnV 7M\1kP Astroloyy reveals your ,,
Dl I lit AUliiAW me. We will send you ,,
a Horoscope Reading of your life, and a .
most lntereating Book on Astrology. If you
send the date ot your birth and a stamp for T
return postage. Our readinga have made
oeople happy and full of nope and txgceaa^
, Address MAGAZINE OF MTSTERIES, 22"
. North William St.. N. Y. City. ?
I Extraordinary January Sales! 1
ZZ TTn^uestloai-bly reoognlztd th* rnatest barraln event erer held in the city. Wonderful value* hav* been offered, and the bar-
—- n!a tabl«« ar* constaatly belar replenished. Every odd lot and broken line must be forced out, regardless of cost or value. A de- --«•
r~ tenclnaUon to make ti« oomlng wmIc t WTBK OF GREAT SELLING leads us to offer you. these REMARK ABLY GOOD -4
ZZ "VALUES, which ar* money Baver* ef the first order. '¦ —5
E LADIES 1 EIDERDOWN I Pi]Gt10IllBll3l DrBSS GOOdS OffBrillgr 1^1.50 GLOVES V i
| DRESSIHB SACQUES $20 j 0 and $ 25 .00 Novelty Suit Pattern* for MONDAY . ;
I For $1.95 Each ¦J*?**"**.- *** *»**w* 95c >«••• 3
i^« to KfimJiv nn Goodil bargains ever placed on sale. V Tf hi r . , . . 3
E W^t$2£0 and $3.00 fi0 . of • Ustent, rare" A #- Jii ' A great cleann g of
m t^^S^a^o^for! Pt^nch Novelties (no two alike) that V f ¦UU some of thrfincst Kid . -^
fc therefore these big re- retaUed at ?20.OO and ?85.00 a suit, Oil! I ing Gloves, Overseam
S3 (Suctions. Are beautiful- will be closed out at 87.50 a suit. • an( f Mocha Gloves- -^
bouJd^fiar^d 8^ They represent a superb coUectlon of Bilk and Wool and with the latest stitched
g~ pliqued embrolderj': in AppUqued Dress Patterns, in the richest dark color ef- backs, in splendid col- zz£
ZZ Ttu^T 1 w£* P !^i rttSw 1 tects. On sale beginning to-morrow. Your choice orings. Always sold zZ%
£ WeS fSo'MdWYi at ........;....;.......,...:. ....$7;50^suU, at $150. For Monday g
clo^....^.4S1.9g each wnnxjw DISPLAY.) . only. •...-..¦.•¦V.Ogc pair g
I Brilliant Black Taffeta anil Peau de Soie on Sale Monday and Tuesday |
JLKsrecUXica f ollowi merit, which «u proved conclusively by our phenomenal Silk selling: of last week. Again for to-morrow 33
»_ iai Toe^v «* pUee on aato S500 yard« ct fin* Black Taffeta and Feau de Sols. That is the exact amount turned over to —g
fer *L **** JT l E5-. b 7J fc larg* fanporter. E v«ry yard is the fln* Quality made expressljr for the Dressmakln* trade which we ehall _^
«ttr AX FCU.T TWESfXT-«TVB PER CENT leea than th» present prevailing price*. !
E aOSING OUT 36-INGH BUCK DRESS TAFFETA. 'STZ ffil" *drT$ BUCK GOODS REMNANTS 3
¦E ENTIRE STOCK 8d * a^ 1^ •» « L » .• T »" \?% i &?& QO n MONDAY ./
E tafnVaBdCUldnBiMnm arf:.•.f!!f*.^^.^..?^..^^!?-r^^^C 3 OF^ r
E Ondenrear, Dresses, Etc. 23-INCH BUCK TAFFETA. TSSTSATZ'Si °£V?" so great has been the 3
I ~£&~^™^. i^^ipil
g~ Muaya Underwear. Dreasea. GUARANTEED PEAU DE S01E. A >-ery high' «rade Black Peau at all surprising that
• **" Bato, Coata. eto., •whlca we »*«#%nniii li.ii i lhu ul duiu .Sole, extra -^ f^ *u^-» 1,,. , m ,mii1a»pH n ZZm
ZZ havT determined to doae out re- se&Tr. "»rarrante4 all silk and every yard fully gruar- QQa there: has accumula-ea a
¦^ cardlesa of original oost or »nteed; actual retail value $135; on special- sale %jO\j vast number 01 • olaCK "]*
•^ ¦2^S««^ I SJ >l SSli 1 ™I?S5; at ' ' •¦ Tard Goods Remnants. ' In the
. i»i racoirea or tne nneet material • . • « ... »• . iir •_.
aad because of our desire to • — """ ~"""~"~~ • lot .yOU will nnd Waist, -jg
£ ES\H33 MONDAY— FOULARD DAY. &^<&S^f y & 3
vzices. . . -. and weaves, such as- Black -^
fc: Chiidren'B eoe ajwom for . txguistte New Foulards on Display at Chev.iots, Venetians,
g— OiVMTJn. : » *s&c 'own, tor. . .t^ OCi* 01 fl fl nnA <M OC a Vnrfl Broadcloths, Crepons.
E bfiS5f«»-5sss£t* 85c, Sl.OOand $1.25 a Yard. ***** ¦•.<g^ T f n g 3
•^ —U-^"/.'^--^-.---- 750 eac21 A moet soireoui array of New Foulard 'Silks ii gath- °9i a cc ai wam THF ZzZ
m^ m infants' fl 25 Slips for cred here for your Inspection. All the Spring favorite and LESS THAW 1 11 £
KZ- —1Z?1122."V.'~'~ 7 **° eaca raott fashionable deelgms and color combinations are represented PFGULAR - SPELLING -mm
•^ Chllfirea'* $L25 Eaooaea for.... la this magnlflorat coUectlon and aU of them are exclusive with ¦ StTtPttc ¦•¦ ¦ /
<£Z ' - TOc each tis; on sale begtanlng to-morrow at.. 85c. $1.OO and $1.25 Yd. PRICtb. . .
i fflrnwiinii^Vlww 200 LINEN TABLE CLOTHS, MORE FLANNEL BARGAINS. |
g CHttlO AitU rlLLUn UActo. Worth $2.3O, for French Flannels, so much in " de- — •
«^- „"**'• nmonmce for to-morrow a sale of a grand opportunity to- m j ¦« ¦> mand for waists, qualities for which *^J
•^ Rieeta and PlUow Cases at a lower price morrow to purchase them for «¦ I ft h u_ en o av ine earlv'in the
0^. ttan the sheeUng per yard. They were or- less than original Import Ik I f *¦ vou nav . e De en paying wriy m. uic »^
m— dered months ago, -when cottons were low; price. We have made a lucky uj 1 1 | \# season DOC a 'yard, 111 tnC leading
g£l have Just arrived and we are now enabled purchase of fine German- Ta- -.-,. rnlnrs to close at O !"¦¦*¦% ""•
to offer them to our patrons for much less ble Cloths from, a wholesale EACH . colors, iu tiusc au •• • • • -g
g^- than the present market prices. They were house that was anxious to dispose of its ¦ • '•. * ara- v^_ +^ x^ ;«
mm— raannlactnred by a most reliable mill and surplus stock. The cloths are 2x2 yards In
the highest grades of sheetings were used sire, already hemmed, of fine quauty linen, _,_., ., . .,t n ¦ • i- «r» r-in rn nntllll
~Z for them. To be sold as follows-. la choice designs of polka dots and fleurl RFMNANT SALE OF E DERDOWN — •
jw- BO dozen Sheets. 2% yards long and 2% «. are well worth $2.50. On epedal nCmilMIl I OMLt UF UULI1UUHI1
zz s^.^..". 0^.. 6^ "^Vo. at •:• •— •• •••n.75 e^ AND FLANNELETTE. =s
E 1^..!^- &ilV "^* ce -54c BIG COMFORTER SALE. -.;^ Every short piece' must be closed 3
g- Hemstitched Sheets. Tiia" SaYe" price. .- MOMIIAY ' out - We have prepared for big ~rj
ZZ _*=*<* ••¦:-i- «^x- a- ;— -• K)c: • wiwww/li... selling to-morrow. - There -are hun-
JJ^-yj*,* JJ-^QQ dr./ of remnants, of Flannelette 3
•S= IMoozen Pillow Cases, 45x36, worth with . pure white cotton and M H P Eiderdown, Waistings, etc. ; .. all ~«
fc l^o^Pif^w-Ca^-Wx^-^h' 00 r^dba^aia^f°or%o!m K orr 1 o n w: ? U « marked at one quarter less ; than reg- ;
»- 15c. On sale Each 12* .7 98c each Each ular prices. - - ;^. ¦¦'
I ABSOLUTE CLEARING OF LADIES' SOUS. Great Embroidery Values. 1
S^: $25. OO Suits Reduced tO ¦ - AiA 7C The Embroideries we offer are the newest patterns of 1902; ~Tl
ZZ TTe have had a verv Bu«HH«fi"ii . Mum i. V I If . I U ver * bought especially for our January sale. The values are ex- ZZS
S^xT^^U^i^^^i^'^&J'S. iHIn traordlnary. and you will pronounce them eo,. too, when you
ZZ V I U Suit Bee them. These for to-morrow: -. ......
t^— etyli«h garments at prices never equaled before. Every suit on 'ft l r» '"VflrH 250 ° yards Cambric Embroidery, .from 3 to V "TJJ
*^~ sale Is the careful product cX a maker noted for his fine abilltv «3v,' •»¦ <* i \*'. Inches wide, on good and strong material, well —*•
5^ and In every detail cf fashion and workmanship is abeolutely worth 12%o and 16e a 'yard. . -,-«.»:" -^
IT" f e J f^ tZT^K r ul t* that « r « n*** ot the finest imported ma- IQl r VorH 3000 yards choice Edgings and Insertions in '
jfc- tertals, siUc-lined Jackets, handsomely stitched and trimmed. I*»v iaiu handsome openwork designs ott durable Cam-"* ~2
J^ W ere sold at J25.00 each. To dose, your choice.... 918.75 Suit brie; grand value at 20c a yard. On sale at l 2^* 5 "^
I $5.00 and S6.00 country orders receive prompt, attention ...* i
J5^T over; beautifully ~^Sf _^m ¦ goes on sale to-mor- -^
henistltched, tacked ••"^ - j ;< •_. j row. High-class Silk
J and embroiiered; ¦ Moreen with bright —^»
t»— rr.ade cf the best eatin and eilk Etrlpes, ~^*
0^^^ fjUf*e<5 to yr^.4j> each *¦ r • < • . * - .'...- "^"w
fiX 22-lnch Trunk reduced to • -$8»00
\f S4-inch Trunk reduced to........... • ••••$9,00 fd[
& SS-lnch Trunk reduced to...... ••••••••$10.00 V
Yt 2S-inch Trunk reduced to ..........* ...,.,... ••'•¦§11.00 fl
I They are large, square, canvas covered and Iron bound; hare two • M
J wide sole leather straps, trimmings of latest design, heavy corners, l|
A brass Excelsior locks, latest Improved sliding leather handles, solid M
VI eteel hinges, deep tray with hat box and packing compartment and ex- ;•¦¦
If tra dress tray. "¦•":. • . . : • - . , 11
K We offer special in Dress Suit Cases, leather and leather lined and N
M durably finished: . :.;.,., ,.- •, l|
[{ 22-lnch Case, special '. .........;.... ..!...<&5.S0 M
W 24-lnch Case. Bpecial............' r -66.00 UWilliam iBollraan,' call on W.'A.,Kous
rietzoff, Qrarid Hotel; » news from Vladi
vostok. : , ? "
"WASHINGTON, Jan." 1&— The President to
day ' received Mr. I^udwlg- Max Coldberger - of.
•Berlin, the Prussian Royal Privy ; Councilor
of Commerce, -who was. presented by „ Dr. yon
Holleben, the German Embassador. l^^g
When the } cases of Adolph . Franzinl of
the Cafe Royal and R.* Schrensky of the
Baldwin "Annex, ' charged with /. playing a
percentage game 'of poker, were . called* in
Judge: Cabaniss'i court yesterday Attorney
•Ach demanded 'a' trial by Jury.; ; Franzinl's
case was set for trial next .Thursday and
Schrensky.'s case was 'continued' till; then
to.be set. - ' : :
Percentage Poker Cases.
'First 'part — Entrance of the. military depart
ment," formation » of the battalion,' battalion
drill and battalion parade.-. . -- ¦• .- . ¦ .
, Second, part — Wall-scaling by Company A,
army setting-up exercises by Companies A, B
and C, navy -single-stick drill by non-commis
sioned officers and company drill, by Coin-
The military^ department of the. Colum
bia - Park Boys'. Club \ will _ give an exhi
bition In Mechanics' Pavilion r next '• Tues
day evening at 8 o'clock. 'Modern military
maneuvers .will ' be performed . by 193 ¦ boys
of the -battalion. These lads range from
the age of 9 to 15 years.' The club's drum
and bugle corps 'of .twenty -one pieces will
render, music during, the . evening. .
• The' following will be the ; order of the
drill: v . -.¦¦"•: ¦.'; - . .; " .-' '¦¦;:•".'/.'." '."¦"¦ '¦'
and Execute Modern Military
Maneuvers. '
Columbia Park Boys' Club Will Drill
pany B» , ;
Third part— Marching drill by the field
music, street riot drills by companies A, B
and C; parade of the colors and taps.
The officers of the corps are:
. - Honorary Commander C. R. Alberger. Major
Sidney S. . Peixotto. Adjutant James Rogers.
•*' Non-commissioned staff — Sergeant Major Jo
seph Moriarlty, Quartermaster Sergeant Leon
ard Morse. Chief Trumpeter Peter Ryan. Color
Sergeant Sam Tannenbaum, . Color Sergeant
Martin Porter.; '
¦ -Military band (organized ¦ August. 1901)—
Bandmaster Emll E. Kahn. - " ...
.Field muslc-7-Drum Major W. H. Hutton.:
¦ Company A-^aptain Philip Cornyn, First
Lieutenant Frank . Lyons, Second Lieutenant
Joseph Franzen. -.'¦ . ¦' : ,:¦¦¦¦ ¦' • .
>! Company ; B~ Captain Louis Holm. - First
Lieutenant Abe Appleton. Second Lieutenant
Harvey Dukelow.
• -Company C-^Captaln Aleck More. First Lieu
tenant George* Morse, ' Second Lieutenant Rob
ert Lynch. - . i t\ ¦ , .......
Second Lieutenant Edward H. Pearce
has been detailed battalion quartermaster
and' assigned to the Second Battalion of
the Fifth Infantry. .,,. - ;
* Corporal I Eugene G." Bronson ' to be
quartermaster. -.sergeant of Company; E,
located - at . Santa ; Rosa.' • . "• : - :.. :.¦* ¦ '• r , -•
Harry: B. Jones to be ; musician of Com
pany H,^located at Napa. -
JUVENILE S0LDIEBS %> j?
; S; ¦: TO GUVB EXHIBITION
CAtharrh is a kindred ailment of consumption,
long considered Incurable; and yet there is one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh in any
of its stages. *For many years this remedy wa*
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
authority on all diseases of the throat and
lungs. Having tested Its wonderful curative
powers in thousands of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering, I will send free of
charge to all sufferers from Catarrh. Asthma.
Consumption and nervous diseases, this reclpa
in German French or English, with full direc
tions for ' Jreparinsr and using. Sent by mall
by addressing, with stamp, naming thia paper.
W. ' A. Noyes, 847 Powers block, Rochester..
CATABBH :CA2T BE CURED.
John Wilson was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge of burglary In $2000
bonds. He was accused of breaking- into
the residence of Frank 11. Stone, 1273
Washington street, and stealing a shotgun
and dress suit case/
Held for Burglary.
The case was called several times, but
Thomae failed to appear. January 2 At
torney Archie Campbell, who represeaied
Johnson, shewed Judge 2&>gan a letter
MAY BE CHAEGED WITH
ATTEMPTED BLACKMA7L
G. T. Thomae Is Arrested on a Bei eh.
Warrant Issued b7 Judge
Slogan.
G. F. Thomae was arrested at Kewny
and Market streets by Detective Cody
yesterday afternoon on a bench ¦warrant
Issued by Judge Mogan two weeks ago
and locked up In the City Prison. A
charge of attempted blackmail will prob
ably be preferred against him.
About six weeks ago P. B. Johnson was
arrested en tbc complaint of Thomae on
a charge of burglary. They had been
rooming together at 1228 Market street
and Thomae accused Johnson of sterling
a camera, overcoat and revolver berong
ln;r to him.
To-morrow (Monday) we will put on
sale all Douglas' $3 and $4 shoes, Pahl's
own make, $5 and $7 shoes; Geo. E. Keith,
Williams, Klmlands and other makes of
yici kid enamel leather, box and wax calf
shoes. . No pair worth less than $3. All
will go for JL85 a pair. »
Other makes lltile out of style, worth
$2 and $3, for 90 cents. At 324 Kearny
street, near Bush.- - . ' . •
Palil's Shoe Sale Must Quit.
which Thomae had written to Johnson's
mother in San Diego threatening that
unless she sent him $120 he would see
that her son was exposed in the press
and illustrated papers devoted to crime
and criminals. In view of the fact that
Thomae had failed to appear the Judge
dismissed the case against Johnson. He
had previously issued a bench warrant
for Thomae's arrest. Thomae was at one
time connected with the Internal Revenue
Service, and during the recent strike was
a sepcial policeman.
Officers and Privates in Several Com
panies Throughout the State
Are Promoted.
The following appointments in the Fifth
Infantry, National Guard, are announced:
: Private Freeman D. Butts to be quar
termaster %ergeant; Privates Martin Gil
bert, Percy Steeves, John M. Longdon
and D. . W. Lundy to be corporals of
Company B, located in San Jose.
Corporal M. Tlessen to be sergeant. Cor
poral C. F. Jessen to be sergeant; Private
John Millerick to be corporal and'Privato
P. C. Bolz to be ' artificer, Company C,
located at Petaluma. ' .
Corporal Frederick "W. Voorhees to bo
sergeant, ;¦ Company E, ; located -: at ; Santa
Rosa; Corporal J. . B. Harris to-be ser
geant; Privates George.B.\Maxwell,;Wal
ter M. Armstutz, to be corporals; Private
CHANGES IN THE FITTH
REGIMENT ANNOUNCED
THE SAN ptANOlSCO CALI^ SUOT
21
TBE EarPOBJITM. | THE EMPOBITTM. __/ | THE JBarPOBnTM. . J , TO THE EMPOBTTjaL
| "Clean-Up" Sale mHDr V fl^ VJl^g^lf^H jgWu
% imC&CQSm Tt^iititfiiiiifSm ~ gM lir HWJBB B^^B™ sBiWLJ& IB IB H HRfl BodyBrvsscb— - Lowells, Hartford and Whittalls make, good assortment of '*
V ** p ,- M mm ffl Wm "™ if H B Hflik IB fflfl i |K| patterns; this week, per yard . . . . . . . . .-.. $1.10 %
V HaU oil for * large couection of trimmings and passementeries in black and KM Effl Em HLf H ¦ T *^ JK%H MM M ffl&&S£gl Tapestry Brussels— Hravy durable weave, seven different pat.crns; to close -J
j," colors, made of je: spangled silk and mohair; All-overs for waists and front Kb-II W wMM fflB**^ S> f • C * ?*! 4-^^^ HWmj out P er yard . ¦ ' ' '.'"'. ................... . 53 O %
*J pieces, in silk chiffon, spangled n:ts and laces; reveres, collars, yokes and B|| C/2ll lTOrrVl<^*2> L^r^CSt "** . W I gj Japanese Linen Warp Matting— Remnants from ten to two yards long; regularly -*
motifs, in spangled jets and chiffons; colored Liberty 42 inches wide; colored |||f W^ A ' _ » {^1 PAf\H /** *n1" St/^P/* wl d at 25c, 30c and 35c per yard; now ptr yard ... ...'...." IQo js.
silk and chiffon ruching; colored silk chenille dotted net, etc., etc., all on sale * • : .- /XlTVCl lC-J^. O ' A.I\AJ V O L. O>V/I_ C-» '"^ Wilton Rois— Samples bound on both .ends; size 22x54 inches; worth
&* begirrirg Monday, at one-half off rsgulat* prices* ,---.-• '-'. S7 ' pa- yard; now .,.- .;.-... ; .v. $1.25 5
$ A Sale of ? Sale of Colored /M f JJFfl@ Butterick Patterns for Choice Liquors. I
I Cushion Tops. Sheepskins. 9tj MM/MJff^S Jv£ & ar S^/^^M^^^F^vJ^J^J^i^^WMMwLy February Now Ready. Fort or Sherry mm— a choke Sonoma prO d-
I Our entire line of stamped Sofa Cushion Tops We have fortunately secured another fine lot of «-^ MM €/0 €/**<€AM^S V^^*^*^^ *Mf^<S<*^?*M^**' . .< In Pattern Department, main floor, under nrt^jn^gr^n-m^ —^^So g
£ and Backs, all of them very pretty and of high grade Sheepskins f.r burnbg and deco- - ' ¦ " ' J r ; . ¦ / 4 ' • . 1 : . Ladies*' Parlor, a free copy of the Butterick whiskey on Monday bottle ... .75o *
A° the latest designs, about 600 in a 1, not one rating purposes, 500 in all. They are choice, Th*S will be a great wesk for housekeepers who n:ed to replenish their kitchcn,dining-room and linen closets, Fashion Sheet for February, can be obramed in Ha-psr's Pure Whiskey— The genuine I W J*
*° «>!« of which ever so!d for less than 50c large sire skins, in' the bist^sortment of although there are rare bargains .'for all c'asses of peop!e in the new «'clean-up'* item's for the next six days. Every the Department^ i Harper't on Monday, pergallon . $3.75 5
% SaW- saTe begSingMot ** 7* ££ "bhST S f °bZL t "L SjoS ° DC ° f theSC S P Cckl 2^»« " lca5t h^f more than^we wjT ask: to-morrow. "Some va'ues range as high a. The February Delineator bigger, brighter, betrer Imported G!r._A. V. H., large bottle, . k
»[ day.at %9 M *0 ,kin in the lot is worth less than . . double. Mark downs, have . been sharp and dccisve. Ucanng now musr be quxk and certain. .Do not expect, .than ever; somethbg b it to please every M Brandv—Pcr 'bottle .*.".". 5/40
£ Embroider? lesso-.s -xUl bi given en 75c; our price Monday on'y, £B 4 g* to find everything in the store at cut prices;, but you can expect somertrng out of the ordinary in almo.t every depart- member of the family— per copy .. .15c ABC Beer— Pints, dozen '. '. '.$1.50 «
£ scmt of these cushions fret cf charge. each. . . .. m T B Vjr rn Cnt . , Y cu know values well enough to -appreciate the following:, y\,- : . ; . ' I per year. .... { ...:". . S1.O0 E urke's XXX Irish Whis'key— Botdc.Jff. OO J*
I Our Annual Sale of Choice 'we*»-p's*i* Sale of the Schwartz Stock ~Sk~ \
I &BL Canned Goods Begins Monday £S| S Men's New Style Clothing. JL |
I VZ^^SIBk the early part of each year, at the time when there are the , we find an «a,n.ditk» of n ear : y , 50 This great purchase of nearly 1200 Suits for men in the new- &\ I\T I : *
* f^^^^^s af^ti^tS ¦ W^^ eta H leSa 2 d .^ltin.the-m«-ket, of^^^^^ of one of J§ Ji 1 I?
i : ITSp^^^^^^ n^A l«i «?kL« *u canned g° ods areinthe most de- m. New York's biggest manufacturing concerns; has created a furor /r #W(O / I
I y?^^^m^ "? n d^Z°J h * m g l 0CeTS a^." cl ]arging all that the l^lSS^o.^^' at the same/T|SW-< :|
I f £LWmlm^^^'^^^^^^^^ UP ° n w e 8 makeL-clea n -u P - P r:ce Ja tfarl eJ sth.n r.rio at which we bought them, about 5Go Oti the lioliar, and to make the sale U ff^V \*~~**f I?
ft °vh«the a^tJZ^ 'Wl. ' ClC -' at - PnC " Vor , dcrn 2 J c!os = cn they cost to make. ,/ • interest ng to mothers asVell as to wives, we have added aU of oarsmalUot, of boys' and 1^/0 r 3 \ -J
tf »=^^ i^T ";:^ thcmlor '. R«d these amazmg pnecs, see tht poods them- • For insance:- -children's Winter Clothing, at from a third to cne-half less than regular prices. W^C \ 5
»T UlasK.^ U^^lir^^^^ selves, taken fr;m the cans, am now on dhp'ay in' our Gro:ery Department, 8 :-mch double bed Beaehed Sheeting, yard . . . V Ik \\ *
g .ss—5-s— - then lay in yocr suppy for the next thre.- months. ' " jiJ^i^A^tniiyv* ' ' T ?i4Z ¦ Mcn ' s SacK SvitS— Coats with or without Military should- Boyi' Knee Pants Suits— Siz:s • I A I- A J
% Extra Quality Table Fruits-Packed in heavy syrup; fall Best Western Svfiar Corn— That will g've good sitis faction; ¦ 63-inch- tf b,d Bleached .Sheedngiwf^^o c^' thc m *™\ h * n t som^ UW \ $
* 3-lb. tins; none better put up; an-assortment including 4000 tins en -cecbl «1- nnw nrr dor n Q6e • 8 i-mch double bed Unbeached Sheeting /5 O mixtures ; and b.ui serges;, vorth $1255 . &*% JM Bi ',' V l\ > -*
$ Peaches, Pears, Apricots'and Rums; 1000 tins, worth Infr Z. I ' ? ' '8C W^t^l n h ?£ SL " !?/*% $ 13 ' 00 > cn ™* ........ T ... 98.45 .H-wool materials, small \ W \ J
J regularly 30c each; for this sale, $2.76 per ~ ~ _ Cvrrrnt Jclly^^^ W^^^WB^^^J^^^^^^^ Chtviots.unnnished lo's that were $3.03 and h 1 | U |
X dozen; single tins j£*SG 2-lb. tins; coo tins marked f^r this soecialsa'e -.^* only one width left, for double beds, 81 .Worsteds, fancy Worsteds, Tweeds , and Cass.mcres; J4.00; en Wh^» *% d5W_tm X
J Standard and Extra Standard Table Frvits- 2 i^-lb. tins; $L56 per dczen • s : nge tins ' 13C -dean-up'; price, each ..: 57c" $17.50 and $>0.00; on sale at &*Q R& 5aIe «' *P*'m35 >C/- J
ft special sa?e at $L68 per dozen ; single tins i*r*2 2s, dozen $2 64- s : nele tins ' 22o Un b'«cned MHow Ca«»— The 45x36 inch Cheviots, with silk ve vet collars and satin Vecve lin:ngs; years, made of good quality all-wool blue Cheviot, a * ¦
j; Singapore Pineapple- 1000 2^-lb. tins; of very choice Impcrled French Sardines-Packed in" pure ol^e oil'; 2000 si "' a 6 °° d ' wc " made " sc; now ' "%[,„ worth at least $12.50; en sale at tiptop $:.00 valve; on sale at. o ~ & i
ft pack; either sxed or who'e; now on sale, p:r 4?-^ t ns 'or this 'Decial sa'e- ner doz-n SICO-o- ** mm ¦'.'¦' ' //2 ° ......: «^<wra-ir«#' SP^fm^rO «
I dozen, $L80 ; s^ge tins B&G 3 lias P ' P ' * ' 2SC « - * &afa f Young Men's Suits— For youths 13 to- 19 years, of age, ""' ." *r**m-r%* ,j
J Best Maine Corn— Solid pack; sweet, choice*;* 5000 tins Choice Alaska Red' Sa!mon-l 000 "tin'.' "of a 'very popular nEfZlrnn < niJZ SI handsorne psttcrns in light _ and dark effects, the stylish Men's $4. 00 Worsted Pants, now... S2.35 S
I WWMMM&M ioc W^^^SMSmS-, ' f - 49o \
£ **•< • <$&$& ' sn d-carved Cuckoo ' ' • ......¦¦ . .^ . 1 ¦ T^
ft ~~~ ~ " : ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ , ___^-^_^ «&^^WS^<3' Clocks, imported di- • ' ' ' \ •*
j: iftQQmpapalbie Ifatoes m Grockepy Oe&L '^^^&T\TT- AS 'H@zi§®-i€e©pfMM Necessities Reduced. :?
j Most attractive and timely offerings. Just the things that you need in the home li 3I1PE I f moveineni! ; and N^Tr Unsurpassed offerings for. the economical this week. Notone or two -*
I at prices that you cannot afford to pass if economy is any object, jlll^iL ' Sjjnj lines > but flft y» at clean-up prices. Here are some of them : j
g ~~ , .. \ilL> . MmStHeS/ * fl32 O^Biit The hottest Oil Heater One-burner Gas Stove H'gh-grade Wringer — , Rug-and Carpet Beat- X-quart Enameled Steel Copper - bottom Wash •*
& " These larg: eke deco- Set of 6 fine c*ecorated This genuine cut glass Thin blown Bohemian The cerebrated 20c Large full size, 6-p'ec's ¦ • As is only b ** markct r~ and six feet of tub- With good 10-inch "«V— Of w o v e n Saucepans — B e s t BoBer*— Hcitj &n t %
g rated China Cnspi- China Dessert p l ated top Pepper or Glass Breakfast Set rralrranfes for semi -p o r c el ai n -A /fc natural after the ' , Smok^? 3 an . d °i° T \ ing, all ready : to ™ bfc " . r ° !I " S '. rattan, large size q " Ht y; regularly .
«-- j _iv Plates, cheap, at * . . ' • WeVach liehts ' vi ' ¦ /^k j- . Je», full nickel b> . ., ' justab'e to either. . . •. ' * 75c. best value *^ » X
ft do^«, on sale here; P^ Sa!t, cheap at 50c .-Gold and flower framj, chamber set, deco- ' ¦ ' M *L I \ Ht 't \ f * ' * l ***> '^^ ° f hwa l "^ 8 ° C » round or .quaretubs; - ™* .durable; in- 4 e Ve ever offered at «ts No. 7 or 8 stove; .«
K acl1 ' "dean, up" price, ' pair; th : s week . . decorations; the 4 t0 put C n' this '' rated, only. .... /VW/l*MV['cJi X** *? * ° $5.00, this w-ek . th r s week . '. . . regularly J 2. 50; th : s . stead of 35c, now. . this' week's price. regularly J 1.50, this »
J 6UO 6for. ...600 33C pieces ior..$1.25 week, e ch . /4© • .... 92.23 (FJ 'W^^p 5 S have ' ' ' * ' *f 37 ' '• ' ¦ S9O ™k...$h88 ... . . . 25O .. • . ". '> 5GO week. . .$1.18 |
Fine Carlsbad China The same for 6 per- Rich Gold Kail Limp Fine Limo-es French Wine Set-on Glass £hini Doub'e Egg Cup // //^- Ml "SAvi * e . a n f mh " ' Turksh Renovar — Gas-burner Plyerj— Garden \-Trowcls — Coat and Waist Han^. Ladies' Suit Hangers- Drinking Cups — S
$ Dinrer ?et-Wirh sons.. 5/3.75 -With large ruby China 10-inch Tray, twisted spiral ~ -With spra/of ' IH jS^'^\ loTb lX' ' For cleanbg. clothes 6-inch »ze, handy Heavy forged s t,el, e f- Heavy, bright The pearl comb!na- Enameled steel, 1- S
t a damn- vio.et ceco- 7-D f C* Sj ad v e pia« ploKr nn ex- /3<p * (T^P^^'SlA • /¦ • ¦ ,,1, maple handle, 6- . , , tion hanger, upjn . . «r
ft," v K-. , , , IZ, . " 6 giooc, an ex pi ates Cun'drl.rn. n^rk rimnfw ami mil Viv« H-rnn IK E -«^S*55&7Lil\ lace ami tn ton or renovating car- for putting ii Wels- . f ., . , wire, for men $ coats .. .. -.- °- V . r . -pint size; reeu- «5
* rauon, new shapes, Carlsbad China gold tension lamp that rjat es, v,up a atco- necic uecanrcr ana , goia leaves, a;cora- 1 Kh « \ iacc ana cu ton . e r a • inch blade; a regular ' -. - - which the whole suit r ' 6 Jf
» loo pieces, for 1 z edge, flower decora- can be pulied up and «"ons in center, 6glatses tionsj dox . . . . f*^\xffl\*&'X- ihoes . and Ox " : pets; regularly 25c . bach lights, etc.;. 4 oc article that wUl cr ladie »* waists; ! ;C an be hung up at *S C * &
3^ pcrscn&.$22*5O tion, only. $]. 4 3 down. . S1*7Q only. 98lS if OO St STi « / I'^^iV 1 . or d '«• These bottle, this week . cheap at 35c, this not easily break, our special this w e e k ,' once; regularly 2 cc, week '5
h " . 1™" ¦ , .*--w^ • • • • v-^t* \{¥h/ L-J Vfl wc are selling ..... .90 week's price.^5c price . . . 25o «ch So this week. . . 18 O IOO I«
I Thisdearglassjellycr Decorated' China Fancy shape Erglish Thin blown clear glass Opal Decorated Can- „ -inch Fine Nation : S^^^il^^lean^ >?^^)j^^ft^^ ? W f^^^^M^^^M^ f^'J^ "^ " i
X Bonbon D.h oa Washs.nd Set of 3 W^m^^^^!^ c^t "^ ??- S?^?^ Jf !? T 1
J foot is marked now pieces, pretty flower b r o w n decorated,' Lac: pattern or fleur Or = d ban ' uct can<Le « thin and clear cheap Lsdies' Vid Kid Lace and Button Shors— Some . . ani ~.; UbIC ccaC - ¦ Squeezes all the kckcd " var- ' chops, griddle cakes, Set . of ¦ 3 • dxesj eled ware, *^- Jf
JC only decoration, only .. cly ....... de Us engraving, per ?, fl !* P ..*' " C ' at 2cc u'e pri-e . cloth and some kid tops, sizes 2 K to 4^, ;» extra special j uice - ouC . • regu'.rly nished; r egula rly e te ... ins^ of ipedal this week ,uart lizej regular-
*. --_ *K~ kk~ a ¦ ** nn- d^f P" e ' .* 5> " e P " C •: ' widths A to C, that were $2.00 to: I3.00; value; this ' 35c, tJiis" week . 1 ec,' this week . 15c, this " week. . ......... ly 45c, this week S
ft tS ° 7BO SS ° *™*.--3t.OO «ch...-.fgQ WO "clean-up "price ........ $1.23 . . . 77 O ' I . . 24O . \ , . ..IIP ..... .Wo . . . . . 37O . . . . . 29O *
tr . Retnn&nt Sale Important Sale P^vKjO^ >^^^ a f*E****m* wtm+99 €?**i*y> &>*-*** ****:**** S
I DressGoods. Fancy R^bons. \ Sale of CJ vi Sa/e "Glean-Up" Sale Bargains *
I Beginning Monday, and until the dosing L nov^ty" Sy SS foT £ nS wi^bi TOWelfng, « -. , f '- 6f White Gfaitt&SO J^P^HOSB B^Z^^JT J
|; Wednesday, we wUl place all of our remnana 'of P^cd. or .special sale beginning Monday morn- A Fu'Iy Bleached Fast-edge .^ IVCnOWflS | y Flattltelm Many pretty and nsslul lines of Oriental Goods are reduced for this week's : J
g Bi.dc and Colored Dress Good, on .pedal ink 1 Damask Towciing, solid, / « W | ,«* ( Frtl? ; All- wool White FlanneV jo special : selling from one-third ,to.on=-half their plainly marked regular prices. S
j£ at one-quarter off the already reduced IOOO y ar< j s f ancy corded brilliant silk novelty ' close weave, neat red \£ Wl& : / JV^J^^ *^ ., ;- inches wide, useful for so Come in and piss a pleasant hour in looking at. the curious and beautiful products of Oriental Art 5
K remnant prices. Ribbons, 3 inches wide, in neck border, marked now at the H- T ' /**^ 1 many CU : poses at all s:a- fd_ _rr-^ "' America's handsomest Bazaar, and buy Oriental China- >C
i The wsortmeat indudes 'waist, skirt and suit ribbon colors, word! 20c per f^^* very special ' "e'ean-up" N^tH^n Hil l/*^ V J^ I^T sons of the year "clean- |^^S ¦^".'Lacqueredware, etc., at lower prices than you ever .«
* length remnants of Henriettas, Albatros, yard; specwl sale price . . . . * » «*- • i-_ , r 1 1O.II iXll I ¦ iailw(9/ i^ I wL-^- ' "«»>,; /fk bought it bifore. ., . V
g Cheviots, Coth*. Poplins, Granites, Plaid! «>oo yards of rich novelty si.k fancy w=ave P"^' P" y" A SO ii JLl • I X >^fcT P P 5>ZZ<» 1^^^^ -=^^W)i 5
Go'.f Skirtings, etc. Every remnant in the Ribbons, lustrous and pretty neck ribbon / ••••••• Q\\ \X\\& WiCC K J$!MS$!8? %l^jSP line, per yard .. \?^'MB jd^^^M&S. V^^fpll "5
*C is already marked, and if jounced cloth, a not- yard ordinarily; our special sale % "7 g% ~~~*^ i " : ' Xjffi&M fW/^^ lAJ&^J/ *
i hetp^ Yndaced .^sKorkeV^ouuha'e Trimming Braids Big Values in "Glean-Up" Sale WE] mm^M WU^^^ S'
$ —^ , TT^r^ — Half Pries. Suit Cases, Bags. Men's Underwear, \M W^^7M ' W^^^^M 'Ji&r S
J EXCyClOpedia and DiCfiOnary Safe— We P llcc on rale Monday, a \i M Sole leather • Cfet*.**? JVo^£ru# O «i W Ui/ S^tllW '5
I Extraordinary Ottering This Week. -i^Pp^^^^ W |
Jf 7i$Q HOtttB Rcf6F~ IC*™^^?^^ «l"det of browns, cream, green, cardinal, navy .?"**• -^B>. I ™ d * and fin3 » hed > P w garment . . . 33o - ' ' " "^ ' ¦
S' <^^^^^8**2~_- eOCe Lbrarv— "* 0 ""'7' mCtl!r O-O-Half """,„ ¦-, ¦ ¦ I Mm-i $hlrl»-S»mp!e lin. Golf Shim from one Eluei«dWH«H»|(- .Fine Bio. and White- BhK«aWlfe Chin. Ffee Bht t»d WHte $
I S'ff 11^ rcg " /ap < " f/og " ; W* lift'?^'?^^- ¦¦ 3toS5^ Dt V"' ' Me " PhttOT - S
* ==.=.: -^- I , , l now l ed , e .., com . IB ,! ?vSJi - ¦ . .,. • »«l«k ,,«¦ 1 -m-A' .tee idea, (or .prlng .no .umnicr, 19015 the wort]>^ Platen-Worth IJC Handjomeh; deco- Cheap « Joe each, »
I PfftJS-' ' pi«c «pos;do! of X«, ¦ ¦ |» ! Charming Arabian »"£. . .^teb^^T ¦¦ ¦.¦SrS^bS.^Sf'^a'ES:- —• "* -£• V: — ;¦-¦ -^ .<* • : --. «¦ — • *
I P^^fc^^- Science," History, Bio'- N I I i.3CO Curfa/nS. V "icT"^.^ : -' -^ .- 2S ° S
J i^-gP graphy, Geography, Su- C| Hi- .g— '^ The choicest line we have ever shown has 26-inch, $8.O9 \ Neckwear— Four-b-handi, Imperials, " : ¦¦ . .^ £
&* tistics, etc., etc., illus- '' ' J" 5 ' arrived. These beautiful Curtains were F.b-eware Drest Suit Cm?— Very l : ght in Puffs and Tecks, the 50c quality, in a large v^^*"*^^_ • ' \r
trated with thousands of engravings, colored maps and charts, sketches, battle ZEtZSftjS&L *'" ° f *" l^dSSPS^g^ I^^^^^P^K! .^ X^ 1
p ar.s and portraits. Prepared under the supervision of JohnClaik RidpJtli; \O ioo pairs cf an excellent' imitation . of real 1 8-inch, 75 22-inch, $4 25 Boys' Golf Shirts— Good Perca'es, nice sclec- SdUB d^^^^^^^!^^^^^^^ "'5
&* octavo volumes, bound :n half marocco, beginning Monday (**'£& E£ ff% Arabian, five different patterns; per pair . . xa-inch, $4-.OO 24-inch, $4. 5Q tion of patterns, cufis to match'. .' .4. Jo uZS?^^?} «
£l and until dcs'ng time next Saturday night, the complete set *P+Smi&%3 $5 OO a6-inch, $4.75 Men's Hos ery— AH wool, medum w= : g ht, %
tf W<?kst Qr'3 Unahnidg^d Dictionary— Full sheep binding, patent thumb ioo pain handsome heavy border*, scroll effect, Genuine AHgatcr Club Bag —Brass lock and seamless, natural gray,^rcgu'arly 25c par; • *^*3SS^§g$f!^ *
*» bdex, i]lustrated with color plates, formerly 510.00; our price .. S.5.25 . mfour P a «ern$; p:r pair .. . . . $6.13U catches,' leather lined with pecket inside. . now, 6 pairs for QBOf single pair' 16O 7^* M *««"^. , , • . J
K Special Combination Offer— Fnr'thi'<in'fi*h niilv S ° J'i* ° f r plain £? " de W ' lth heavy embroldsred *°- 5nch i S3.O0 ¦'¦¦, H-mch,$4.25 Men ;* Fancy. Hose— Good Maco yarn, polka. 100-page Chin ese Set of . fix Straw ThU 15c Zgg- shell Fine Lacquered Wood X
£ <*1, £* ,„„ J?f?"'?* jL r^ ILzZf J2J! 1 1^ bord -"' four cllTerent P lttern «i P er P a '• ¦•¦- "-inch; $359 , is-inch,.*^,5'» dots in rast color*; P =r paV. ...... fto Photo Book— Sire T a b 1 e Mats (as Blue and White Handkerchief Box- X
U 1 HZ nOUlC KCierenCe LWraiy and tfie @ffl? BB0T& ''•' ' ' 'J-' " " '¦ ' ' ' • & 7 - Sa X *™ h > $3 73 ' 1 6-inch, $4,75 Men'$Fa-.cy Hose— 1 so dozen, in openwork, gx8 inches; wotih above) — Worth China Coffee Cu? Size 6^<xio inches, •*
TMHiniinm SIS flhnrP fn- W^SB^UIfUl 50 pain very, choice Empire patterns, wreith 13-inch, $4.ttO 17-in.h, 55, OO b black and blue, polka dot and figures; per I5 c, this week. . 50c, special . this and" Saucer — This worth "2 o c , this "5
A UlCUOnary U> UUWUC, IU ' . _. Tl-; effect with fleur de 1»j per pair .. 59,00 ., : . 18-inch, $5.50 Y .. pair ... -^ ............ /7O - /..../ jOO week ... .25O week ... |flo week . . . .fOO {
k ic rfigga < <<< < «< « w <<«c«yii<«B <<MWi<iw << «<«< yy}< «<<t<<irtrta^rtrtiit^rti Stirtrtrtrtt^t^rtrtrtrtrti Wrtrtrtrti^titVB V< Vi%i frimrtrtt W< l<irt< Wrti iiStVi^i^rti^rtifrifritifri^t^rtaiaiaiaia * iairtrtrtrta^ttrtrtrtrtrti to%(yi%ftfto%G0frfti'y&fttto%ftfkkVfttki%t<iftf<&fktMto^ftfti^ft&(&&kftitoiftfaBy BL.ANCHB I»A.K,TI2SrC3rTOlT.
AMERICAN INTELLECT
INCAPACIOUS,
SAYS SANDERSON.
American women are reported to have spent ; m Paris last year more than $300,000- for
corsets alone; and it^is tobeihpped the figures they, acquired .were equally handsome . and
Peculiar Fate of Trees.
Spontaneous combustion Is a mysterious
thing at all times, but as long as it con
nnes Its attention to inanimate objects
there Is nothing very uncanny about it.
But when trees become subject to It there
Is no telling where It will stop. . •
The banks of the River Cam, in Cam
bridgeshire, Kngland, have recently ex
hibited an unusual number of auch cases,
and young growing willows have been the
victims In nearly every case. Cambridge
used to pride Itself upon its beautiful wil
lows,', and , it .was therefore with sorrow
that the people discovered one morning
the charred remains , of what had once
been a really beautiful specimen of the
willow tree.
The fate of the tree naturally attracted
attention to the prenomenon, and there
after but too much opportunity was af
forded for the study of it At one point
in the river in particular the process was
seen. Green trees covered with rich
masses of foliage suddenly burst forth
Into conflagration and burned to their
very ' cores. Fine willows In full vl-or
poured 'forth clouds of smoke from their
half burned stems. - ¦-[. ?¦"/?[
An examination of the charred remains
of the trees revealed nothing in the way
of explanation, but as the trees which
met their fates were for the most part
young there could. hardly have been any
putrescence or fermentation. v : ~y-.
Just why the willows should meet such
sudden ends is not apparent, but the oe
culiar formation of the tree, its pliant
boughs and the drooping of its leaves and
flower may. have had something to do
jElia iL.
The impression will not be lost upon China. The act advances us far more than victories in
battle. This nation is exalted by righteousness, and others will envy and endeavor to reach the high
mark which it sets/ • *¦-'*•'-; - '"
This restoration proves that ive went to China with our land and sea forces only, to do what
we said we would do, and not to gain a foothold for aggression, nor to effect territorial designs.
We treat China as a Government of human beings,., with the same motives and feelings as iare com
mon to-all mankind, and we have perfect faith that -this treatment will bear future fruit of good
report in the advancement of that empire. i V v
It is useless to say that we are' rich, and can afford the luxury of 'justice. National need is! no
excuse for theft, injustice and . oppression, and ¦ the truest riches isa wealth of equity. * , ¦- .
THE American people receive with great. satisfaction the act otour Government in restor
ing to China the money taken by our marines from the salt yamen at Tientsin,
i This, in connection with the prospect that bur Government will return to China
$18,000,000 of the $25,060,000 indemnityVallotted to us on account of the Boxer out
break, makes an American feel, proud of his Government^s standing for honesty andjustice in the
world. We could keep the salt money and all of the indemnity in spite of China. That country
is incapable of forcing us to restore either. But we propose to take and hold nothing because we"
are strong enough. "vVe restore and do justice because we are stronger than . armies and navies
can make us, in the sense of right, and the desire to be an example to the world in dealing with the
weak and defenseless. •' ! ..
JITST GKD VErLNMEHNTT.
Should Jorgren Mlohaelsen, an Omahtf
letter carrier, not save the lives of a good
many people In the future It will b« na
fault of his. He has patented a nre-es
cape that promises to minimize to a
marked degree the risk that one takes In,
occupying: a room in a hotel or office
building that has no exit except to Jump
In case the passage below la obstructed
with flames.
His device is a simple thing, yet appears
to be effectual. It consists of a box
shaped affair that contains steel tapes,
which have hooks fastened to the upper
ends, so they can be attached to the win
dow sill or anything In a room. Below
the box containing the steel tapes are. two
handles, which a person grasps, and still
further below Is a leather belt that passes
around underneath the Individual and in
which, he can sit. By pressing the han
dles the speed of the' machine can he gov
erned or can be entirely stopped.
As the machine. descends the steel tapes
unwind from the box until tho ground la
reached, when they wind up again by the
assistance of two springs carried in the
coll box. The total weight of the escape
will not be over six pounds, and th* in
ventor expects to have them made much,
lighter. •.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend"s.«
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Two men never come to blows unless
they are angry and foolish at the same
time.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Pres3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery, street. Telephop* Mala l!>tt> * ¦
A Novel Fire Escape.
Californians at Washington.
WASHINGTON; Jan. 15.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Ehoreham, Robert Conrad and wife; New
Willard, J. <Je W. Allen, M. A. Gunst;
National, J. V. Young, all of Ban Fran
cisco.
Trying to cut your own hair is shear
nonsense.
Wonderful Stone Bridge.
At Rockvllle,- a few miles from HarrU
burg, the capital of Pennsylvania, can be
seen a stone bridge that Is flve times
longer than any other stone bridge In the
world. It has Just been erected , by the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company, to, re
place an iron bridge of two tracks. The
new bridge contains four tracks and per
mits two passenger and two freight trains
to pass each other at the same time on
the bridge.'
This cannot be done on any other
bridge in the world. One ' end of this
bridge rests In Dauphin County and the
other end In Perry County. The Susque
hanna River flows under it all of the
time, and in stormy weather the muddy
waters of the Juniata often find their
way there also. There are forty-eight
piers and forty-eight arches. The bridge
is fifty feet wide and Is made of a light
colored stone, brought from Cambria
County. Fifteen quarries were kept busy
all of the time getting the stone out and
shipping it; there are l.OOO.TXK) cubic yards
of square stone iajthc bridge, and It cost
11,000,000. TBree hundred men worked oiv
It constantly from April 1, 1900, until the
present time, when it is practically com
pleted, with the exception of the laying
of the tracks, which will not be" 1 done un
til next snriM, ,
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— The following
Californlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— G. Blankenshlp, Mrs. G. W.
Stewart, at Navarre; W. M. Bramhall, at
Astor; J. J. Callundan. F. H. Callundan,
at Imperial: \V. Dowell, at Grand: K.
Bernstein, at Victoria: F. G. Gould, at
Muray Hill; C. L Leman, at Herald
Square: T. L. Miller, at Ashland.
From Los Angeles— C. H. Baker, at
Hoffman; L. Chamberlln. at Savoy.
From San Jose— J. Nathan, at Cadillac.
From Santa Barbara— Mrs. Spaulding,
at Plaza.
While the report of the operation of the system is encouraging, thereV is no reason to
believe it can be made available in large cities for a- long time to come. Mr. Mansen, manager of
the New England Telephone Company, is reported; to have; said that the complication of the new
machinery in a large central office would be/so great as to render ' it impossible to suit sub
scribers. He stated further that in its present form the new system is not so economical as the
old. It is true it enables the telephone companiesto'dispense with the use of girls in the, central
office, and thus effects a saving, but in place 'of the girjs ; there is required the employment of
a number of highly skilled electricians to keep: the mechanism in working order, and their salaries
more than counterbalance the saving effected by the discharge of the girls.
¦ While these objections to the new system are valid at the- present time, their force
will diminish with each succeeding improvement in the switching apparatus. The Globe estimates
it will take ten years for the system to be carried to a degree of perfection that will make its
operation practicable in large cities. .... For about that length of time/ then, the "hello girl" may be
sure of her position. After that she must marry or hunt a new/job^ .
In giving an account of the Fall River experiments the Globe says: "Briefly, the working
of the automatic system is as follows: A metal dial is affixed^ to the telephone box. Then little
holes are cut in this dial. The holes are.numbered o to 9. With the receiver off the hook one
puts one's finger into a hole. The dial is jerked around until it catches. The dial swings on a pivot
and moves back into its place automatically. Thus; for the. number 1742 one inserts one's finger
into No. 1 hole, and for the other numbers twists the dial. As the .disk comes tack to its starting
point y .one presses a button just below. This rings the bell^t 'the otheoend/ and the connection is
made. If the other end is busy a buzzing sound announces the fact." \
WIRELESS telegraphy has been virtually attained, and now we are promised, where
the system is not too extensive, a practical means of telephoning without the use of
girls at the central station to make the switches. According to the Boston Globe
the new system has achieved its' greatest success in operation at Fall River, and the
test there is said to have proven to the world that it is practicable even when the service is of no
small limitation.
GIRLLESS TELiBFHEOlSriNa-.
George B. Douglas, a capitalist of Cedar
Rapids, Iowa, is touring the coast. He is
at present at the Palace.
E. Cudiher, Sheriff of Seattle, Is at the
Russ;
P. Handy, a merchant of Ukiab, is a
guest at the Russ.
• C Tlnkham. a lumber dealer of Red
Bluff, is at the Grand.
W. T. Leake of Ontario is among the
arrivals at the California.
E. C. Warrell, a rancher of Bouldin Isl
and, Is a guest at the Russ.
A. A. Boa'k, an Insurance man of Van
couver, B. C, is at the Grand.
Judge George B. Graham of Fresno reg
istered at the Grand yesterday.
W. B. de Jarnatt, a fruit grower of Co
lusa, is a guest at the Occidental.
W. L. Elklns, a young capitalist of Phil
adelphia, is a guest at the Palace.
H. B. Gillis, a lumber dealer of Yreka,
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
J. J. Campbell and George Hunter of
Elko, both cattlemen, are at the Russ.
W. F. George, a Sacramento attorney,
is at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
"Been fishing on Sunday, have you?"
"Nothing of the kind, sir! I set the lines
on Saturday night and took these fish off
on Monday morning." — Chicago Tribune.
"Bernhardt is a powerful actress."
"Powerful! Why, she makes her own
hair stand on end." — Chicago Record.
He (boldly)— Do you think two can live
as cheaply as one?
She (blushing)— Yes; I do.
"Let's not become one, then." — Tonkers
Statesman.
"Miss Bliggins laughed at me when I
proposed to her," said Willie Wlshlngton.
"And yet," commented Miss Cayenne,
"people say that women have- no 'true
senee of humor."— Washington Star.
"Mercy! There Is somebody peeking In
the window!"
"Don't worry. It is only that poor M.
Santos-Dumont. He has caught his bal
loon on the window • sill." — Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
Managing Editor— Why did you throw
that visitor down stairs?
Answers-To-Inqus-les Editor— He came
up here and asked me if duck pants were
made of feathersJ — Baltimore American.
"We shall need," said the officer who
was arranging for the Government expe
dition, "food supplies for six men and a
boy."
"Supplies for eight men," said the sec
retary, jotting It down. "What else?" —
Chicago Tribune.
¦ "When yoh sees a real mean man,"
said Uncle Eben, "it may be s dat you
orter feel kin' o'sorry fur 'lm 'stld o*
blamin' 'im. Maybe he wouldn' be so
mean ef he warn' too weak an' skeery
foh a - out-an'-out fight."— Washington
Star. 1
"Those Gumlelgh girls," said Miss Maud,
"put on such youthful airs, and they are
as old as the hills."
"No," replied Miss Mabel, looking at
them critically, "I wouldn't quite' say
that, but they 'are certainly as old as the
mound builders."— Chicago Tribune.
"Do you think that money is getting
the upper hand of politics?"
"No," said Senator Sorghum. "I don't
think it is getting the upper hand. I
think that people are merely beginning
to realize what an important part it
plays."— Washington Star.
Harry one day climbed up In a parlor,
chair in order to reach something he
wanted.
"Don't get up in that chair 'with your
feet, Harry," exclaimed his mother.
"I just have to, mamma," replied the
little fellow. "I can't take my feet off."—
Chicago Journal.
Taking a verse from Revelation as the
basis of computation some industrious and
probably uneasy fellow has again been
figuring on the dimensions of heaven.
The text Is in verse 15. chapter 21, and
reads as follows: "And he measured the
city with the' reed, 12,000 furlongs. The
length and the breadth and the, height of
It are equal." He concludes that thla
represents a space of 469,783.088,000,000,000;
000 cubic feet The enterprising statis
tician sets aside one half of this space
for the throne and the court of heaven,
and one-half of the balance for streets,
which would leave a remainder of 124,198.
272,000,000,000,000 cubic feet. He then pro
ceeds to. divide this by 4006, the number
of cubical feet in a room sixteen feet
square, and this process gives him 30,
821,843,750,000.000 rooms of tha size Indi
cated. He then proceeds upon the hypoth
esis that the world now contains, always
has contained, and will always contain,
$90,000,000 inhabitants, and that a genera
tion lasts for thirty-three and one-third:
years, which gives a total number of in
habitants every century of 2,297,000,000. H9
assumes -that the world will stand 1000
centuries or 100,000 years, which • would!
give a total of 2,970,000,000,000 Inhabitants
for this period of time. He then reaches
the reassuring conclusion that If one hun
dred worlds of the same alza and dura
tion, and containing tha same number ofi
Inhabitants, should redeem, all the Inhab
itants there would bo more thai ona
hundred rooms of tha size Indicated for
each person. Men have not thought so
much about the size of heaven. They
have probably always felt that there
would be ample room for those who would
be able to get there. If a lack of room
were possible, In the divine order ofl
things, it would probably be at the other
place. Judging from th© pronouncements
that are mad© from time to time. Room
has never been a matter of serious con
sideration with men who have paused long
enough in the whirl of events to meditate
on the blessing3 which are to follow a Ufa
of righteousness. The main question, and
the one in which all men are most con
cerned, Is the simple question of tha
shortest, best and safest way. Put in
different language, they want to kno\r
how to get there, and If tno studious
otatlsticlan will figure out ootao plan, that
will meet with general satisfaction along
this line he will probably smooth out tha
furrows which now mark tha faces oJ
uneasy sinners.
"Your Honor, please, and gentlemen of
the jury: A few years ago my only
brother fell wounded on the battlefield of
Gettysburg. Ho lay there bleeding to
death, with no friendly hand to help him.
Shot and shell, the fierce, fiery stream of
death were sweeping the earth about him.
No friend could go to him, no surgeon
dared approach him. The singing of bul
lets and the wild music of the shells was
to be his only requiem. My brother had a
body servant, a negro man, who waited
on him in camp. The negro saw his mas
ter's danger and straight out into the
sheet of battle and flame and death he
went. A cannon shot tore th© flash from
his breast, but on he went, and, gathering
my brother In his arms, the blood of the
man mingling with the blood of the mas
ter, bore him to safety and life. Jim, open
your collar!"
And the jury saw on Jim's breast long,
jagged scars where the shell had ripped
Its way.
Continuing General' Toombs said: "Jim's
skin may bo black— he may bo a negro;
but the man who would do what Jim. did
for my brother has & soul too white ever
to have killed a man except in defense of
his own life." '*',
Jim was cleared.
• It was General Robert Toombs of Geor
gia. Hla face was wrinkled some with
age, but It was large and strong, and the
lines of intellect made deeper wrinkles
than those of age. His hair was whit©,,
but it rolled back in baby curls from the
most splendid brow that ever graced a
man. His form was tall and straight and
full sized, though his movements weje
slow with the years. His eyes still flashed
as when he stood in the Senate chamber
at Washington.
The case was tried. The witnesses all
seemed unfriendly toward the prisoner. In
bis own statement he claimed that the
killing was in self-defense.
General Toomba addressed the court and
jury at the last, and after fully discussing
the testimony of the eye-witnesses he con
cluded thus: . ' :
.'The following happened in Georgia In
the peace which followed the terrible war,
says the Columbus State. It illustrates
the love that so many of the old slaves
had for their masters and how that love
was shown: *
A negro man, strong and healthy, but
getting gray from years, was on trial in
one of the county Superior Courts for
murder. He had killed another negro and
had been lying in jail for some time,
awaiting his trial. The testimony against
him was given by other negroes who wit
nessed the killing. When the case was
called for trial by the presiding Judge an
old man rose and In a voice deep and low,
but full of marked gentleness, said: "Will
your Honor please mark me for the de
fense?" )
DIMENSIONS OF HEAVEN
An interesting actor, Edwin Arden. will
begin a starring engagement at the Grand
Opera-house this week in the Alexander
Salvlnl version of "Don Caesar da Ba
zan." Mr. Arden has been under tha
Frohman directions for some years, play-
Ing last season with Maude Adams in
"L'Alglon" as- Prince Metternicb; with
Julia Arthur in "A Lady of Quality," and
in other popular successes. He has writ
ten as well as acted plays, and a product
of his pen, "Zorah," will be seen during
the actor's present engagement.
There will be more Shakespeare this
week, despite the Columbia's fall from
the "legitimate." . Frederick Warde comes
to the California with "Julius Caesar"
and "King Lear," not to speak of "Vir
ginius" and "The Mountebank." Mr.
Warde's engagement begins to-night, with
"Julius Caesar," also to be given to-mor
row and Tuesday evenings. "King Lear"
will be presented on Saturday night.
• • •
Shakespeare gives way at the Colum
bia this week to light opera, "The Prin
cess Chic." with a former Oakland song
stress, Maud Lillian Berri, in the nama
role. The company is sent out by Kirka
La Shelle, whose production of "Tha
Ameer," with Frank Daniels at Its head.
Is remembered as a bright spot in local
comic opera annals. Mrs. Berrl first es
sayed her present role— in Marguerite Syl
va's place— Just a week ago in Denver,
with Immedia,te success, according to an
Associated Press dispatch. She will be
well supported, according to her presa
agent.
Both Mr. James' Macbeth and his Wol
sey of to-day bear witness that he has
not yet lost his improvisator© faculty.
got through the evening without incurring
or causing disaster. He hit his cues with
necessary precision, and it is also true
that he performed the astounding feat 8f
presenting Wolsey's words in an original
paraphrase ex tempore. Of the Cardinal's
lines not so many aa one in three
were exactly reproduced, even the
most familiar sustaining some twist
or variation. Sometimes the origi
nal text was entirely suppressed.
But Mr. James' speech did not halt,
and his mind demonstrated extreme
address, furnishing his tongue with
phrases that carried a considerable por
tion of the dramatist'., meaning, and even
fell decently In line with the rhythmic
scheme of the verse. William Shake
speare, or John Fletcher, or whoever la
responsible for Wolsey's share of the dia
logue, would have been tickled by the
actor's performance, which was in the
line of 'descant' that Elizabethan gen
tlemen were expected to- be able to supply
with the voice, upon any melody, at short
notice."
SAVING A HERO.
Speaking of voices, one may go far be
fore finding so pleasant a voice as that of
Louis James — clear, round and well-modu
lated. He reads with distinction, also,
and is always easily audible. Henry Aus
tin Clapp has an amusing anecdote of
Mr. James in the' November Atlantic
Monthly, by the way, concerning his im
personation of Cardinal "Wolsey, that we
have been privileged to see at the Colum
bia Theater this week. Says Mr. Clapp:
"Another case of professional misfit (he
had been speaking of Beerbohm Tree's
inefficient Falstaff) which worked lesa
serious results, and, indeed, made a re
markable display of ingenuity, appeared
during Miss Genevleve "Ward's last en
gagement In Boston. The play was 'Hen
ry VIII,' Miss Ward impersonating Queen
Katherine. Mr. Louis James, her lead
ing man, was cast for Cardinal Wolsey.
The Cardinal's part is long and hard to
learn and very likely was new to Mr.
James, whose position was onerous. He
One wonders if the sweet reasonableness
of Indianapolis will stop here. Or If the
leaven will penetrate the theatrical lump
and persuade the Indianapolis managerial
oracles that their subscribers also have a
right to hear that which they have paid
to "hear. 'Tis a sweet, too sweet, dream,
alas!
THE linels bisick alia gen." It la
unlikely that the ear of the lucky
subscriber of the , Indlanapoli3
Telephone Company will long be
affronted by such haplessly fami
liar Jargon as the above. This superhu
manly considerate corporation has ar
ranged to give lessons in elocution at its
own expense to Its operators, particular
ly to those concerned in the long distance
service. The^offlcials of the company,
with a brilliant disregard of corporate
conventions, acknowledge that clear
speech on the part of their operators is
a right of their subscribers, and have
taken this very practical method of in
suring It.' It now only remains for them,
to carry out the good work to its logical
conclusion, to set the wordwrights to
hammering the tongues of their subscrib
ers Into intelligibility, and when that is
done we can give them a life Job here.
But it is a curious commentary, on the
national school system that one. of the
first essentials to gentle living, clear and
musical speech, the right use of the voice,
is all but entirely neglected in its curri
culum. Here are young women, presum
ably all with a good common school edu
cation, unable to use their own "tongue
with sufficient clearness to be understood
at the other end of a telephone wire.
They have, in very truth, to be taught
how to speak, and all honor to the corpo
ration that has grasped the situation so
effectively.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Rosenbecker orchestra, that is also
under the management of Messrs. Bou
vier and Greenbaum, will give at their
concerts the Scotch symphony of Men
delssohn, Tschaikowsky's "Pathetique,"
Beethoven's "Pastoral" symphony and
the Raff "Leonore."
Chance devised a more effective adver
tisement for Mme. Nordica's present tour
than any so far conceived in the fertile
brain of her press aeentsin the railroad
accident that she met with the other day.
The accident happily had no further
effect than that of drawing attention to
the prima donna's concert tour, and in
response to numerous inquiries I am
enabled to say that she has quite recov
ered from her slight shock and has kept
every, engagement since the occurrence.
The return of Miss Frances Graham, the
statuesque and sweet-voiced contralto, to
the Tivoli for the forthcoming comic
opera season will be welcome news to her
many admirers. In consequence of the
illness of Anna Lichter the Intended open-
Ing opera, "The Ameer," has had to be
deferred until next Monday evening.
"The Toy Maker" has been substituted,
for this week only.
It seems that there Is more than one
ambitious composer anxious to win fame
for California in the international compe
tition for the best one-act opera, in which
Signor Sonzogno of Rome offers $1000 as'a
prize. For the information of those in
quiring I would say that l am unable to
find the street and number of Signor Son
zogno's address, but am sure that letters
addressed to Signor Sonzogno, music pub
lisher, Rome, would find him.
Mme. Sanderson could sing once, for
there is still strong evidence of her former
power to please, though the voice has
never been a great one. Of lts ; prese'ut
lack enough has been said, but everything
else the singer has in lavish measure— as
has also been said before. She has Im
mense chic, style, presence and physical
beauty. She is spirituelle, intelligent and
is an actress of charm, temperament and
distinction. But all these things do not
make a grand opera singer, where the
sine qua non is a voice, and I contend that
San Francisco was well within its rights
in so saying.
it Is a choice between the two. But tastes
differ. The truth is, as Mr. Huneker
puts it, that Mme. Sanderson's Bln^lnsr
days are. over, unless by some altogether
to bo wished for miracle -she should re
cover her voice. It Is a tragedy of tha
saddest, it is true, and the path of tlie
artist is strewn with such. But art is
pitiless, forgetful of former victory and
blind to the bleeding feet that fail, to-day
to reach her ehjning summits. She knows
only the bloom and fruitage of her ser
vants' tears; so only may she preserve
her integrity, and the artist is but food
for her infinite passion for perfection.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mme. Sanderson further flatteringly
complains of the suddenly Important
critics of San Francisco that they said she
was nervous on her first appearance. And
she wasn't So there! I have yet to learn
that nervousness is a crime, and should
fancy that a. singer would better like to
be called nervous than Incompetent, when
As to "Manon," with its two airs,
finirjry fineness, bodiless score and cheap,
libidinous atmosphere, we are In neither
musical nor moral danger in being unable
to appreciate its peculiarly Gallic excel
lencies, and can plead guilty to not liking
It with light heart, I do not remember
that Mine. Sanderson was accused here
of being "too Frenchy" in the role of
Manon. though possibly the respected
critic of the Milpitas "Bran. Mash" came
tip on the milk train that night and was
startled Into some such absurdity of ex
pression. But we do not count him In
here, and should hardly be held accounta
ble for his sins. As to the "Home, Sweet
Home" Incident— The Call correspondent
stating that Mme. Sanderson was re
quested by some local Jester to sing the
said song during the progress of the opera
—a la Melba— it can only be said that the
singer was wise in refusing to win a pass-
Ing appreciation from "some of the audi
ence" by bringing the quaint old melody
into so unworthy company.
DID not a characteristic modesty
forbid. I could, and I would, ad
vance a valid claim to a humble
share in the sudden and start
ling critical eminence recently
attained by San Francisco. Sybil San
derson has been "saying things" about us
in London, to The Call correspondent who
interviewed the singer about her Ameri
can tour. Mme. Sanderson reports herself
as hichly pleased with the tour as a
whole, but has decided among other
things that the American intellect. is as
yet insufficiently capacious to take In the
vast significances of Massenet's "Manon,"
the opera that had the honor to be built
around the varied charms of the fair
Callfornian. But It is not the collective
American opinion that seems to count
with the singer in this or any other re
gard, and here is where we come in. It
is the opinion of San Francisco, the Ish
mael among cities, the heretofore despised
end rejected of the criticized, that alone
appears to have achieved the dignity of
attention or comment from Mme. Sander
son. It matters not at all that James
Huneker, possibly the most distinguished
musical critic in America, should say in
the Musical Courier of January 1, in
speaking of her performance of Juliet at
the Metropolitan Opera-house: "She is a
charming woman of the Phiyne, Thais,
Esclarmonde type, not the type of Juliet,
though her singing days are over. Of that
sad fact there can be little doubt." But
when the same criticism is made in San
Francisco It bounds at once into the place
of consideration, and compels .the singer
to reprisal even from fax London town.
"We are certainly arriving.
That was. sixty-three yeais ago. Martin Van /Buren, descendant of the Hollanders, was
President. Now that the project is, about-,.to be undertaken , and finished. Theodore Roosevelt,
descendant of the Hollanders, is President.. Let the poets deal with the romance- of it, that Hol
land, the land of canals and dykes, should send her impulse through the ancient settlers of New-
Amsterdam, to the digging of the greatest canal the world will see constructed.
It is interesting to read in the report to Congress in 1839 this statement: "We may
daily expect to hear of this enterprise (the Panama canal) being undertaken by private enter
prise, in which case the grander cosmopolitan project of a ship communication would be super
seded and indefinitely postponed, and special privileges secured to some minor private interests,
for doubtless half a century ; hostile to the interest of the world at large. The duty is peculiarly
incumbent on the United States to take the initiative in this work. Our position as the first of
the American republics and the principal national interest and power in the Western Hemisphere
— our own experience of the results of the stimulus and development of national resources by
the creation of similar facilities of national intercourse (referring to the Erie canal) seem to point
peculiarly to the United States as equally entitled to the glory of the undertaking and respon
sible to the world for its accomplishment. We are already in possession of a sufficient basis of
facts to justify an initiatory proceeding,' and we trust that the next Congress will j not adjourn
without providing a liberal appropriation for the purpose. . It would be enthusiastically sus
tained by public opinion, and would reflect unfading honor on the administration under whose
auspices so grand and glorious an undertaking should be commenced."
Radcliffe in his exhaustive report iaid the Chagres River is navigable at all seasons* to a
point forty miles from its mouth, to the town of Cruces, or within fifteen miles of the Pacific coast.
. . Lloyd's report to the Royal Society in 1831 says: "The great chain of mountains is broken
at the spot where the continent of Amerira is reduced to its narrowest limits, 'between Chagres
on the Atlantic side and Chorrea on the Pacific side."
Another consideration of prime importance is *the fact that if, we take the canal at the price
offered by the French company, it carries with it 68,000 out of the 70,000 shares of the Panama
Railroad, and- the control of that most important means of transportation and defense. The rail
road almost parallels the canal; and its use in the further work of construction is of the greatest
economical value. It will be also an important factor in the defense of the work when finished. We
are all aware of the importance of operating a telegraph line alongside , of a railroad. , The con
tiguity of a railroad and the isthmian canal is of more importance. This Panama project was cher
ished by General Simon Bolivar and by his successor, President Santander. '
A report made to Congress in 1836 en the subject says that the Panama route is preferable
on account of its shortness. ; . :,
The machinery for the work of construction is on the ground. There is a perfect equipment
of hospitals, machine shops, officers' buildings and. everything needed, in readiness to go on with
the work. If our Government acquire all this we will get a canal many. years sooner than would
be possible by the Nicaragua route. * \ ; ; : \_
The* franchises, concessions^ control and all other issues pertaining to the Panama route
are adjusted. Every question pertaining to it. is settled: .Every right is in assignable form. The
engineering problems- are all solved and the most difficult part of the work is finished. Only the
single sovereignty of Colombia has to be dealt with; and there are no treaty complications with
any other foreign power. • • ' ' . ;
MORE than a year ago The Call predicted that the Panama canal 1 would come. to
the front, offering to the promoters of an isthmian 7 canal a plain way out of the com
plications which were due to the inventive genius of the opponents of any canal. The
Nicaragua route has offered a splendid opportunity for opposition to ambush behind
everything, from pelf to patriotism. It traverses the two independent sovereignties of Nicaragua
and Costa Rica, and was complicated further by our treaty relations with Great. Britain. As it used
Lake Nicaragua for a considerable distance, there arose also' tfie issue of treating its extensive
shores as the bank of the canal, and altogether the complex questions presented were just to the
hand of men who desired to defeat the project by pretending great solicitude about the large
number of collateral matters.'
THE F-A.aSTA.O^^. O-A-lNr-A-I^
By cjtjis.a.r:d.
ELOCUTION LESSONS
TO BE GIVEN
TELEPHONE GIRLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYjy JANUARY 19, l»oa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHf^D^SPKtCKELS, Proprietor. ¦; /; f '; \; •. • ¦. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, : Manager
SUNDAY .....,...........:......;..•. ¦.-.?¦. .V--'. TTTV... Y; .7. ¦'-.'-. ........ ...;^...: 19. 1902
Publication Office..........'............. <s££§i§ife> ... .. ....;.. Market and Third, S. F.
¦ ' ¦ : -' ¦ " . ''- ' , ¦, .^SanS&Zit* ... , ¦ . " ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . ¦ ; ¦ • ¦ . '¦ " ¦ ¦
22
P POSTUM CEBEAXu
I BUCK AND RICH
Is the Way Fostum Coffee Should Be.
A liquid food that will help a person
break a bad habit is worth knowing of.
The president of one of the State associa-
tions of the W. C. T. V.. who naturally
does not want her name given, writes
as follows: "Whenever I was obliged
10 go without coffee for breakfast a dull t
distracting headache would come on be-
fore noon. I discovered that. . In reality,
the nerves were crying out for their ac-
customed Etlmulant.
At evening dinner I had been taught
by experience that I must refrain from
¦offee or pass a sleepless night. In tho
summer of 1S00, while visiting a physi-
cian and his wife, I was served with a
most excellent coffee at their dainty and
¦legant table, and, upon inquiry, dlscov-
¦red that this charming beverage was
1'ostum rood Coffee, and that the family
had been greatly benefited by. leaving off
offee and using Postum.
I was so In love with It, and bo pleased
with the glimpse of freedom from my one
bondage of habit and so thoroughly con-
vinced that I ought to break with my
captor, that upon ray return home I at
once bf-pran the use of Pcstum Food Cof-
<"ce and have continued it ever since, now
more than a -ear.
1 don't know what sick neadache is
"iow, and my nerves are steady and I
sleep bound generally eight hours regu-
arly. 1 used to become bilious frequent-
ly and require physic, now seldom ever
tare that experience.
I have learned that long boiling is ab-
solutely, essential to furnish good Postum.
That makes It clear, black and rich as
any Mocha and Java blend. Please with-
hold my name, but you may use the-let-
««r for the srood It m&j^ do." - ¦_¦_MILTON. Jan. J8.— Operations will soon be
commenced upon the mining property recently
bonded by Colonel - J. E. Doolittle of Ban
Francisco for dredging purposes in the bottom
lands of the Calaveras River near Jenny Lind.
Th« requisite machinery. U already on the
'i.
Actress' lUmains on, Shipboard.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.-The body of
Kae the Brangt, the German actress, who
died In this city a few days ago, was on
board the steamer Palatia, . which sailed
to-day for Hamburg. Albert Reiss of the
Grau Opera Company, to whom 'Miss
Brangt was engaged to be married, sailed
with the body.
Miners to Raise Defense Fund.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 18.— The miners
of Ohio, in session here, have adopted a
resolution assessing all members one-half
of one per cent. It is estimated that this
•will raise a defense fund of about $50,000
per annum. It was stated that this fund
will be used to fight the De Arrnits In
Belmont County and the operators in the
Jackson, County district on the labor
question.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Jan. IS.— An
attempt to pick out a missed shot at the
Pinnacle mine to-day caused an explo
sion, which killed Nicholas C. Dockloss
«nd seriously injured Patrick J. Carmody
xnd John Levrellen.
Burglar Commits Double Murder.
GREENLEAF. Kans., Jan. 18.— C. E.
Holt, a wealthy farmer, and his niece
were found murdered at their home to
5ay. The murder probably was com
mitted by a burglar who bad robbed the
aouse. A horse and bu&gy belonging- to
the dead man trere stolen.
FEDERAL OFFICIALS
IMPRISON A CLAIRVOYANT
Woman Arrested in West Virginia
Charged With Violating the
Postal Regulations.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 18.— Mrs. Re
becca Belle Yates, alias Eddy, a clairvoy
ant, who was arrested in Wheeling, W.
Va., a short time ago and who arrived
from there to-day in charge of a United
States Marshal, was arraigned to-day be
fore United States Commissioner Graves
on an indictment found against her in
1897, charging use of 1 the ', mails in a
scheme to defraud. She waived exam
ination and was committed to jail in de
fault of $1000 bail.
The Indictment alleges that Mrs. Yateii
opened a correspondence with Mrs. Cor
delia L. Common of Cleveland, Ohio, ana
represented to her that through certain
spirits she (Mrs. Yates) knew of real es
tate and money in this city which legally
belonged to Mrs. Common. Mrs. Yates
offered to secure the property and money
for Mrs. Common.
BOSTON, Jan. 18.— Cut off from access
to a fire-escape a few fee*t away, Mrs.
Helen Myrick and John Blanch, linotype
operators, stood ln a window of the fourth
door of the Milton Place building to-night
Kith flames below and behind them.
Slowly the firemen raised a long ladder
until the top round reached the window,
where Mrs. Myrick was trying to keep
her dress from taking fire. The man be
lide her helped her to 6tep on the ladder.
Then, Just as the flames swept over the
(ill they had 'vacated, both descended to
the street. It was the most thrilling fire
incident witnessed in Boston In many
months.
Though the aspect Tra» serious for a
time the actual loss was only $50,000. The
tuUaing was occupied by printer* and
paper dealers and for the storage of elec
trical goods.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Jan. 18.— If the
Government insists that the Indians in
its charge shall cut off their long hair,
abstain from the use of paint and gaudy
habiliments of savagery, the aborigines
will dig up the hatchet and shed their
blood In resisting so sudden a wiping out
of racial characteristics.
This Is the opinion of * J. B. Bottineau
son of Pierre Bottineau, a Northwestern
pioneer and scout. No only is Bottineau
connected with the rta race by ties of
blood, but for years he has been coun
sellor and attorney for the Turtle Moun
tain band of Indians.
Bottineau says an attempt at a strict
enforcement of Commissioner Jones' re
ported order means revolution, whatever
happens. In the Dakotas and Montana
the Sioux and Blackfoot Indians general
ly renew their paint each morning with
as much care as a white society belle ad
ministers her complexion cream.
Woman and Man Reach
a Ladder and Save
Their Lives.
Indians Object to the
Ruling of a Commis
sioner.
ESCAPE BEFORE
MEANACING FIRE
"WE'LL PAINT,
OR FIGHT"
J. Reid of San Francisco. A tract of 250
acres near Robinson's Ferry has been
purchased by the California .& Alaska
Gold Mining Company frc«n the Stanis
laus Dredging Company. Development
work is expected to soon begin on the
tract of 120 acres owned by the Good Re
turn Mining Company, near Columbia, on
the Stanislaus River.. ' ,- '. : .
The report is . current that the D. , M.
Bull mine near Quincy, Plumas County,
will soon be operated.
The output of Trinity County mines for
the year 1901 is estimated at $1,050,000, as
compared with $698,669 for the year pre
ceding. I '
J. H. Wood [writes to the Mining and
Scientific Press concerning the use of oil
for fuel In the mines of Arizona, whicfi
grew out of the high charges for coke,
amounting to $21 at a smelter south of
Bisbee, owing to the high transportation
rates. The coke was then selling at the
ovens in Colorado at. $3 50. Mr. Wood
writes that the almost prohibitive cost of
using coke was not the only disadvan
tage. There were times when the manu
facturers could not fill the orders for the
mines; times when cars were delayed on
the way from Colorado; times when
freighting teams .were scarce and also
when the freighting teams were stalled
en route. There were reasons ln view for
the demand that has since been made
for the products of the California petrol
eum miners. Some, of the uses to "which
California oil are now put for the facili
tation of • mining in Arizona are re
counted.. , .
Cheap. and Handy Fuel.
At the Congress mine crude oil has been used
for years in the roasters. , At that mine the
non-shipping ore is crushed/plated and con
centrated. But as all the values cannot be
extracted by this process the tailings are
roasted in the oil fuel furnaces before cyanid
ing. In thin operation the tailings are car
ried, ln endless chain buckets. through n
scrips of furnaces or fire boxes, in which the
fire consists ¦ solely of burning oil.
A.iother important step forward has just
been > taken ! at Globe. Ariz., where the Old
Dominion Copper Company, after a month's
trial announces that the experiment of using'
fuel oil. in smelters has been successful. This
test has demonstrated that oil Is cheaper than
wood or coal and can be used with entire sat
isfaction in smelting work. The use of oil
as fuel is to be expanded at the Old Dominion
plant so as to extend to the boilers at Ur»
mines. To carry out this plan the company
will erect storage tanks of 200.000 gallons
capacity, and construct a pipe line to convey
oil from the smelter to the mines. Only those
who have th» practical ' management ! of, Ari
zona mines on their* hands can_ fully appre
ciate the difference in results which will follow
the , general introduction of oil as a cheaper
substitute fuel for- wood, coke and coal. ¦
Reverting to the Congress I mine. It I should
not be forgotten that the standard gauge steam
railway engines ln use on the Congress railway,
cperating between Congress Junction and Con
gress, use crude oil as. fuel under their boil
ers. .In this case, too, the operation la emi
nently successful. The experiments above
cited I Involve - only the use of - crude oil, but
other tests have been . going • on with better
quality oil. .. One in particular was conducted
with a view to ascertaining whether crude dis
tillate rouUl be used a3 the motive power in
gas anil ga.toline engines, instead of cither gas
or- high grade gasoline, at the suggestion of
an Arizona -operator who l'ound steam plants
unsuitable for his operations. In order to make
the test on a large and practical scale. • a
carload of 45 degrees distillate was shipped
from the Puentc, Cal.,' refinery to the engine
manufacturing company's factory. , The out
come of tliis test was the erection of distillate
engines capable of running almost -any kind of
mining machinery. \ two- thirty
horsepower engines were installed, one 10
operate a ten-stamp : mill, -crusher, vanner.
pump and the other to run an air compressor
cperating three; drills, besides handling all the
hoisting from a 600- foot shaft. - These engines
have been in very successful operation, and on
a batis of economy -which netted a total'sav
ing equivalent to . the price of coal. In j other
words, •' distillate and engineer . cost no more
than would have paid an engineer and fireman.
thua saving the cost of coal, besides a savins
In difference ln . original cost ' of plant' as com
pared to a steam plant. , ' •• .-¦ v^,- -.
Bill Interesting Miners.
"Under the terms of the 'bill introduced
by Senator, Gamble of . South Dakota v to
establish' In each .of , the mineral States
and Territories: a mining experiment sta
tion; >under the supervision of the Secre
tary of the Treasury, an expert geologist
and j a chemist, to ¦ receive respectively
$3000 and $2000 per annum. ; are mentioned
as a part of the official staff of each sta
tion. '-- An allowance of ?5000 per annum
Is aJsbmadeiin the bill for; the mainte
nance of each station. * The provisions
imposing duties upon > the officials- con
nected 1 - with the stations are. summarized
as follows:'- ¦;„ -< : : \
lt,»>.all be- the duty, of the ceoIoBist and
chemist provided for by this act to.reeriv? for
assay or analysis; all rock, .cement, \ day. or
other mineral ' bearing ' substance ' that . may be
brought to them ¦ by any, citizen of the United
States and. make proper classification or assay
of each sample for the purpose of ascertaining
the exact amount of gold.' cinnabar, silver.
copper, wolf ran), tin ' or any . olha* ¦ n>in*»~4
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 18.-Several hun
dred delegates have already arrived here
to . attend the thirteenth annual conven
tion of the United- Mine Workers of
America, which opens- Monday morning.
Fear is expressed that the convention
will be unwieldy, as it is believed there
will be over 1000 delegates, making 'it the
largest convention ever held by organized
labor. President Mitchell will preside.
Ben Tillett, the famous English labor
leader, will arrive to-night to be the guest
of the miners until Thursday. President
Gompers of the American Federation of
Labor also may visit the city.
It is understood that the miners will
present a demand for an increase of at
least 10 per cent over the wages they how
receive, but it is almost equally certain
that the operators will make a stubborn
resistance, as many of them claim they
are either operating at a loss or at a
very small profit. The miners also will
ask for an extension of the run of the
mine clause to the districts where the
screen basis now prevails. This has been
in controversy for a long time and will
be an important feature of the conven
tion. An agreement which now exists as
to wages was made here two years ago
and ratified at the joint conference at
Columbus last year.
The fact that the miners have failed to
unionize West Virginia may prevent them
from getting an increase at present
time, as the operators of Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Indiana and Illinois claim that the
West Virginia operators, who pay non
union wages, are enabled to undersell
them. The situation ln West Virginia
will probably receive considerable atten
tion, as the miners are determined to
unionize the State. <j
President Mitchell, Vice President
Lewis and Secretary-Treasurer Wilson
will undoubtedly be rc-elecled without op
position. The national executive board
of the miners meet here to-day to take
up grievances that will be presented to
the committee. y .
Important Measures to
Come Before a
Convention.
the line of the mineralized zone extend
ing from Mount Davidson, ln Nevada,
down to Cerro Gordo, in Inyo County.
And buying an oil heater are two differ
ent things. You don't have to take
chances with the heater. BARLER'3
ODORLESS OIL. HEATERS are fully
guaranteed not to smoke or smell. Money
back if you want it. Chas. Brown & Son,
£07 Market street. Coast Agents. •
Buying a Lottery Ticket
Eschscholtzias' Anniversary Party.
The Eschscholtzlas of the Mission Dis
trict will give their third anniversary
party ln Mission Opera Hall on the oven
ing of next Thursday. The committee la
charge has arranged a well balanced pro
gramme of dances.
Sues Market-Street Company.
Because a Tenth-street car crashed into
a buggy driven by Charles Blakin, tha
latter filed suit yesterday against tha
Market-street Railway Company for $299
damages alleged to have been sustained
ln the collision. Justice of tho Peaca
Joa'chlmeen will try the case.
The Minaret Mining. Milling and Smelt-
Ing Company is preparing to exploit mines
in the Minaret mining district which are
reported to have a fine promise of turn
ing out well. A smelter will be placed at
the mines. Several miles of wagon road
are in construction. The ledges carry,
so it is reported by those concerned In
the enterprise, iron, copper, gold, lead and
silver. The company has secured a large
number of claims. E. B. Preston of the
State Mining Bureau, In a report submit
ted to the State Mineralogist ln 1892, re
ported that the outcroppings in the dis
trict on both sides of the San Joaquln
River are bold and well defined. He re
ported that the district appears to be in
known for Its value, and to furnish at a
nominal charge to each depositor a full assay
and analysis, showing the quality and quan
tity of every mineral found In the samples sub
mitted. For a period of fifteen days the results
of such analysis are to be kept secret from all
except the party submitting the samples, after
which time the results are .to be posted, to
gether with a statement showing the location
of the country -where the sample was found.
When not necessarily engaged at the station
the geologist is authorized to explore and ex
amine mineral regions within his jurisdiction,
especially ln new and undeveloped sections,
and make- report on such examinations.
• The bill makes an indefinite appropria
tion for carrying out its provisions.
The Mining and Scientific Press ex
presses the opinion that gold mines will
be particularly favored" by Investors dur
ing the year 1902. . There will be a de
mand for other properties, says the Press,
but gold is the style. Whether the pre
dictions of the Press are verified or not
before the current twelve . months are
brought to an end, the gold miners will
agree to the following statements:
The success of one gold miner or one set
of gold miners does not mean a possible loss
to other gold miners. . On tha contrary it means
an added gain to the others and a new gold
field opened for other gold miners. Their in
coming cannot make an overproduction', no
matter how much more production they may
make.
There has been at time9 a suggestion that
the gold mines of the world would be gathered
into- one great combination or trust. The
possibility need inspire no fears for lessened
profit in the industry." Independence la pos
sible with sold mining', as it is possible with
no other kind of. metal mining. It Is not
necessary to make a market for the metal ;
It Is not even necessary that It should be
coined to be exchangeable. While a monopoly
of gold is conceivable It is not seriously con
ceivable as being effected through the mining
of ail the gold from the mines. The people
who would make such a monopoly Would get
the gold after it is mined with less risk.
In" California Counties.'
The Deep Gulch mine, owned by Kiser
& Nunes, which is situated near Moke"
lumne Hill, has been bonded to Eastern
parties for $5000. The Boston parties who
have bonded the Blue Jay mine at Jesus
Maria will soon start up the property
and a tunnel will, be run from the Cala
veras River to tap the vein at a great
depth. C. Coulter and others have been
developing the Martha and Rltter mines
at lit Dorado.
The Bay State mine ln Amador County,
about five miles north from Plymouth, is
about to resume operations. A Stockton
company is still prospecting at the Mac
kenzie mine, near Plymouth..
Operations will probably be resumed on
a large scale by the Gold Bank mine at
Forbestown, Butte County. V A tract of
513 acres has been bought from W. P.
Hammon and others by the Boston &
Oroville Mining Company.
Gold quartz claims are being opened
in Riverside County, about four miles
west from the Colorado River, by A. P.
Willey of Yuma.
The Mountain Lion mine, near Shasta,
in Shasta County, has been bonded by M.
W. Herrin and A. W. Thierkoft" to F. B.
Roberts for one year for $5000. W. Robin
son of San Francisco ' says that he will
sink the shaft of the Black Prince mine,
near Igo, Shasta County, an additional
300 feet.
H. C. Davey has leased from J. V. Cole
man and others for a period of five years
the Gaudalupe quicksilver mines, which
have not been operated for some years.
An arrangement has been made to bond
all the land along Oro Fino creek. in-Sis
kiyou County, to the Scott River, for
dredging. -An estimate of the output of
Siskiyou County for the year 1901 is
$1 .500,000. I
Work has been resumed on the Swan
sea mine at Chipps Flat in Sierra County
by J. Brock and the other owners of the
property. It is estimated that 5000 feet,
of tunnel will be necessary to strike the
pay channel of the mine of the Thistle
Shaft Company at Gibsonville.
Buying am". Bonding.
Connecticut parties have bought the
Gold Beach- mining " property^. 'at 1 Gold
Bluff. Humboldt County, for 150,000. Im
provements to the extent of $50,000 are re
ported to be intended. '
Dredging will begin on a tract of 2000
acres on the south side of the Yuba River,
east from Marysvllle, In March, the land
having been bought by the Boston & Oro
ville Mining Company.
W. A. Freeman and others have bonded
the Pilot Hill quartz mine at Centerville,
KI Dorado County, which has been closed
for a long period of years. t>
The old shaft of the Atlas mine at Tut
tletown, Tuolumne County, is, being
cleaned out and will be carried down from
120 to 720 feet. The Lone Star mine in the
Big Oak Flat district has been sold to M.
But Passengers Escape
Injury.
Coache3 Thrown From Rails
VICTOR, la., Jan. 18.— As the Denver
limited passenger train No. 5, 'on l the
Rock Island line, was passing through
town this morning at 5:55 the boiler of
engine No. 503 exploded, causing the
death of the engineer and fireman and
rlightly injuring twoiporters and a brake
man. The killed are:
• W. WILLIAMS of Brooklyn, engineer.
E. HOAR of Valley Junction, fireman
The accident took place within 250 feet
of the depot and the noise of the"» ex
plosion aroused the town. The force of
the ' explosion threw every one of . the
seven coaches of the train from the track,
but only overturned the Des Moines Pull
man. The passengers were uninjured.
Pieces of the wrecked engine were strewn
round for a distance of 200 feet and the
boiler was found 150 feet" away from 'the
scene of the accident.
The cause of the explosion will never
be known, owing to the death of the
engineer and fireman. Superintendent
Lawrence of this division arrived in, a
special at 8 o'clock from Des Moines and
immediately proceeded to clear away the
debris. He refused to make any state
ment with rcg-ard to -the accident. The
bodies of the' engineer and fireman were
mangled and were found only a short dis
tance away.
Train No. 5 does not stop at Victor. This
morning the limited passed through the
village at a speed of forty miles an hour.
Th'ree hundred feet west of the station
begins a slight down grade, which extends
a mile to Carnforth, where the Rock
Island crosses Bar Creek. The accident
occurred on this grade and it is suggested
that Williams had decided to let out his
engine for a burst of speed, during which
the accident occurred.
Williams, the dead engineer, had been
in the service of the Rock Island Com
pany for twenty-eight years and was re
garded as? one of, the ablest in the em
ployment of the company. This morn
ing's run was not his regular one, he
having taken it to accommodate' a brother
engineer. For years he was stationed at
Stuart, Iowa, but in 1897 he moved to
Rock Island, III.
MINERS WANT
HIGHER WAGES
Mining Counties Promise
Rich Returns for This
Year.
Two Men Are Kilted by
Loc: motive Boiler
Explosion.
Ledges of Precious Ore
Are in Lively De
mand.
GOLD MINING
IS IN STYLE
RAPID RUNNING
WRECKS ENGINE
THE ,'8AN FRANCISCO f CALL, SUNDAY, : JANUARY 19, 190a
23
i Hoptared men. women and ehHdrea permanently cured la 00 days without pain or tb«
tligUegt lnamTeawnce pf tfct "Fldtlitr Method. More thin 20,000 people cured by this sys-
tem. Call or K&d tor oar book, which contttas a lone lift pf recent testimonials from patlenti
who received th U treatment years ago. ' The treatment is gntra&teed because it is unfailing la
Its results,
-*Tv pROFOsrnotf.
Ton or torn* member of yxmr family may have a Rupture. ETery person desires to be made
strong again, end I take It fof granted that you care enough for comfort and assured safety
»ot to bo tn exception. I hare a POSITIVE CCBB, and will guarantee It In every Rupture
that caa be reduced and held ln the body during the course of treatment.
I will mcke r<n a square bsslseM proposition — tIe. : If you will call at my Office I . will
examlna you free of chare* and state the exact amount that It will cost you to be cured. You
then Biga an "ArtlcU of Agreement," wherein you promise to appear for treatment once each
week, and then deposit tbe fee tn some bank and obtain a "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
to yourself, and when you can stand any and all necessary tests to satisfy yourself that yotir cure
I* complete, THEU and not until THEN, will the endorsed certificate be accepted ln payment
for the treatment. Were you to plac« |1,000 cash on my desk before being cured it would not
be accepted. Ton cannot pay until CUBED. I hare conducted my practice upon this plan for
tbe past eleTen years, and hundreds have accepted the above offer, and to this date there has.
not. been a «lngle Instance where tie money so deposited was not turned over to me' within OO
days from the time of beginning treatment. , - . „-
I am the Originator of this Carp, ind haT« iajtrneted several hundred physicians, who are now
conducting Offices In ell parti ol th» Onlted State*, and aU treat their Patients upon the eame
plan. There U not another Doctor,** fcomblnatlea of doctors, or medical institute that will make
y °° I tt win b be*p?e2S^ t S%ie«t anro afflict** with Burtons atmy Offices from 9 A, M. to
B P. M.. and ecadars from 10 until 8, 71DZUTZ BurrunB OuBE. _ ,
A D VEKTISBMENTS.
-Surprising. Results.
A Simple Internal Remedy Makes
Remarkable Cures of Catarrh.
People who have used spraya, Inhaters, salves
and washes for catarrh and have found how
useless and Inconvenient they are, will J be
agreeably surprised at results following the
use of a pleasant . Internal remedy ln tablet
form; druggists everywhere admit that Stuart's
Catarrh TableU, which they sell at 50 cents
for full sized treatment, la the safest, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh remedies.
Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and throat
lozenges contain opiates; these cheap medicines
give a temporary relief, especially with little
children, by destroying nerve sensation; the Ir-
ritation In throat, which , causes coughing-. J U
temporarily removed, , not • by removing thts
cause, but by deadening the nerves of reeling.
The irritation 1b ; not felt,; although it la still
there and will promptly return.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is the best remedy
to remove catarrhal secretion, whether in the
nose, throat or stomach, because they are com-
posed of wholesome antiseptics like Bed Gum,
Blood Root, etc.; when you use these tabtets
i you know what you are putting into your sys-
tem, and not taking chances with cocaine,
opla'tes or\ similar polsonst found In' so many,
catarrh cures and cough medicines. , j
Dr. BamBdell ln commenting on catarrh cures
eays : "I can heartily recommend Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, because ; they contain S no | co-
caine nor other dangerous drug found ln so
many advertised catarrh cures. I have known
of many cases. of long standing catarrh of the
head and throat completely cured by the daily
use of these tablets for several 1 weeks. One
case in particular, which. I could not reach
with an Inhaler or Bpray and where the catarrh
caused dally headaches and a noticeable loss of
hearing, was entirely cured by this harmless
but effective remedy. '. ' ¦ ;
,, Dr. Walnwright says: "I never hesitate to
nrescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for catarrhal
headaches and j catarrhal deafness | because . I
know them to be ! perfectly safe for child or
adult and have seen many; remarkable cures
resulting from their regular dally, use; because
they i ore advertised and sold in drug stores
Is no" reason why any good physician should not
use - them, because we should seize upon the
means of cure wherever found."-. . ...,;,_ -
¦ ¦Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are especially valu-
able for ,¦¦ catarrhal colds in , children because
they are pleasant to the taste and may be used
rreely to break up severe colds and croup at
the very beginning. " •• . ¦ - ; .--, ,.¦?.,,,
All druggists sell the remedy; at fifty cents
for full sized package.;- ,.- ( •
A little book on cause and cure of catarrh
mailed free by addressing th« P. A. Stuart Co..
Marshall, Mich* ..--.¦¦¦. - .. ..'
.¦ .... MISCELLANEOUS. :
Odds (3D, Ends
All the splendid lines of merchandise broken during our
enormous trade of the holidays how offered at 60,50,
40, 30 and 25 cents on the dollar.
Binf/Armr Ur\Arr T HIS WEEK will be an
lgelow body I important one in F i O or.
l^f*ffQQ^tQ t 7* coverings and Window drap-
Ui UD^Cli5 y ? > / 2f ings It WILL be MARKED
\rxhi0 h Y EXCEPTIONAL V AL-
>4^V/ V<3,1UC» UES Thousands of yards of
60c ingrain carpets at ...50c Wilton Velvets, Axminsters
A^«,«T, C f«,« «« * -4. and Brussels marked at prices
Axminsters in forty patterns , . , r ., 4 ¦'
$1.50 value for ?1.23 which cannot fail to attract"
Wilton Velvets, for halls, oarlors saving buyers.
q n ,ality a at rS r 50 . . P ?" e ."! S . °H%M Sanf ° rd & . StinS ° n tapCStry BrUS ""
•¦••••••'•• * se j S) 50 patterns, regular $1.00 and'
this sale 70c 65c tapestry carpets at. ... 50c
Velvet Carpets— new designs— worth $1 . 15— special at $1.00
Pattosien's Mattings— always fresh and cleanr-25c to. lOc
Inlaid Linoleum — beet American make, best English make $1.35
Parlor furniture
A REGULAR bargain xtAxiZtSi
** k feast in parlor furniture.
one-third*
Odd parlor chairT"
¦j !^§»^$* y^ L^ ' 9.25 value at 5. 5O
-c&A J^I^X 12.75 valueat 7.25
P^^i/^r^i 14-.OO value at 8^75
'¦*f*f$;F 17.25 value at 1O.OO
6y^^^^S^*. 19.OO value at 12.50
f^K^^^^l^ If Parlor Suits, 3 pieces—
f^^*±!$W&* r 15.OO value at 11.OO
f*-^ 21.OO value at 16. OO
47.OO value at 35.OO
*ll^3*^-^^^*^f - 52 25 value at 43.00
fA's'^^^S""-^* 67. OO value at 55. OO
v .^^.^jaffi Odd parlor divans —
14 OO value at 9 75 • 3O.5O value at 21.25
23. OO value at 16. 5O 47.OO value at 35OO
5O.25 value at 41. 25 7000 value at 5OOO
Polished tabouret worth 2-OO for 125
Fancy paricr table worth 3 OO for 1 5O
Polished bookcase worth 13 5 O at 878
Solid oak chiffonier worth JOrOOforBOO
Of £ \X/ E'VE another lace cur-
d&iC OI Vy ta } n treat f or y 0U t his
A^kj^irv \nro week— a little out of the ordi-
lctCC nar y. a large shipment of
r<iH"3fnc 9^ genuine Arabian lace cur-
CUI UtiilOt yJ*^sJ* ta j ns> exact duplicates of
] ° those costly French curtains
which the world of art has raved over for the last half
century. TO-MDRROW/AN IMPORTER'S SURPLUS STOCK AT HALF.
$5.25 for corded Arabian lace $8.OO — Arabian curtains —
curtains — this value is astonish- American made — beautifully cord-
ingly great and positively unmatch- ed — designed from old, original
able. French patterns which sold for
— magnificent Arabians — $150.00.
wide, elaborate borders — 2 styles, $25.00 _ Arabian curtains —
regularly $10.50. strikingly beautiful — 4 styles in this
9 15.00— French Arabian cur- line— for parlor or library— $15.00
tains — hand made — inimitable a pair under value,
styles — every curtain in this lot is $16.00 — Arabian curtains —
marked down specially for tHis sale formerly $24.00 — to accentuate this
— §10.50. bargain event at $16.00.
Impprtant Announcement.
THE AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ASSOCIATION
Tc-day makes an. announcement of more than ordinary i.iterest.. By special arrangements j^^^^^j ' ' ' '
with the publishers of that greatest of all reference works -th i Encyclopedia Britannica— , , ! >
we ar-e able to place that king of books within easy reach of every CALL reader. F or ±£^^p^^ ] jjM i j j i | .
more than one hundred years ths Encyclopedia Britannica has occuci-'d the foremost dSg^S^SzT^ \ * y [\ JfJ
rank as a self-edu:ator and work of reference, through its various revis'ons and jjj^jgj^* "" $ ' ' ) /
additions dcrhg that interval. The crowning success now comes in the <^^Z*jZ£uL—-£ );¦¦''* '; ffV r
edition we offer, which is the Urge type, w ide margin - t Jg^^^'i:'JZ& i\fa-''Aj//
New 20th Century Edition ¦^m^^^^m^^W
- which is even more extensive and thrrefore more desirable than A'j* ' \f§ rf> -*<f
the latest costly Edinburgh edition, and we are 'able to supply "' ~7^VJ^y\ { . W)f S H
THE CALL readers for a short time at ' .^l^mm^^^JjfL^^m^ ¥ *** |
Much Less Thai Half th^ Con. C^^Sg^W i
That some sort of an Encyclopedia is a necessity ¦ -fca^EgiS^- ' . A £ f, flfr I fe¥. f ' &
all must acknowledge. That the great Britan- . i^fe===^=-i^- ¦7*> /!# iU I r/X'
nica is the very best none will deny. It is an y- -^^^ZZLl^i: .¦$ \ \ f '&/ 'AM?
Encyclopedia in which each principal subject . 1 - -^ ' i ™\!T5r a *r ii -—'*— i * l>f, \J, Till Wi *!* Sr RHnore V/m,
is treated by an acknowledged authority JffillSi HIS* 7£ \?J&, J h JW? 4f Brings YOU
upon thatsubject. No other Encyclope- > -^—^*=^-±=^ --—-.^g \ SWJfe I fYAW This Entire 31
a Single Articlefnor Si^Hundre^lfof- 01^ ' A £&¥/> I '' Z 1 AM Vol. Set Of
lars a Page for written matter. ¦ j " : >*^-^~^=±A=±f-- ¦ Jr " /ff £ /J J fiff f fww' rr>« it
The fact that $3,000,000 was ex- f .,__.. __ mm i^— — «m ¥&*„ "'Jim '^@ il&W
quiring the labor of 3000 of the ¦ ySSgWsgigiMsl/^ff 3 ' . /y/ffl $ \/J ' VfiV J J - 7flfli rotifft-rrr
world's greatest scholars, jL-^^^g^-^^^^r— - AW fJFj <£, fj f, f V £UIU VCillliry
tells the story of its ex- y J 'P/Tr* ¦
r. — /^^ ssg;g^^ f " *^ipf *W$/j7sfiw $e ''j£y' ou can pay t ' 1 ° ** a ' aixce B *
z^^^^^^^^^^^F /W 25 Volumes Edinburgh Edition.
i$m^$^»JtL& IW Volumes American Additions.
S r ~ '^^^^^ I jS 1^^^" %*°)fifflMr Im this cou CONTAINS*
v flPifll Of iili^^W|i%/ nk I Ami W M ' nAfltn l' 18,509 articles, averaging 14 pages eacli.
J «^^ OI |»l»¥ V^MjmJM " f Onto y a V 3,399 articles written aad signed by spe-
S ™^mIw^ M-. •„. _'-'Jy W JoWMer Tars about n<ir IS, 2S5 pages compiled by special contrfbn-
I VolnmeS IlK&X^f %W /ft ° a« ftSHpaw engraved plate.. conUln-
;«Fa»ma^tej , 'Wiuui*3 muffiiriffl W //j f} ing o\-er 900 separate Illustration*.
j |||#ffi^^ U'pVhf Ijf^i' /jiytf'ifh Jtw / 1-19 9 673 maps and plans. Including 237 Coi-
J ES^^P o H lIMrsfi/P WMT / THE AMEBICAN Nearly' 12,000 Illustrations, excluslv* of
lllPiii ' 200 lbs. 1| Wl'Jy-Ji V / AQ^nriA'PTniJ Special Features of the Rve Volumes
§ [^r^^J^^t^^W^g^^^^^ ll'^l J/lff / A< * ains Building", X- An ext en«lon of the original articles
> w If' ffffl / ZOQ Kearny St., on the art3 and sciences down to tha pre»-
¦ ! llfflffl^^S^Hwft|!8 lr)S : ! ;^W^ / San Fl> ancisco, Cal. 7.' Introduction of new topics either arts-
• MfefflM / • Plpa«;f cpnH mp frrp nf inK from the differentiation of new depart-
H8$Sl^^^^l^^Pmi^ WWfflF / u rleaSe S^ nd me tree °, 1 menta of sciences (as Ecology, Sense-Or-
¦ j^Sgi^^^S^^^p^^g^gSS^fl^^ I^T / charge sample pajfes and Bans, etc.). or from discovery and lmren-
i^.N-N-^\<N^-\v>.>u^y;.\-:7v''? l Y,k t ks\,' :Jv'y^v*7.*r*rv7g'->;!S> 1 <»i* y / f.,ii m r tiriilar<; nf vnnr Vn tlon as Tesla"3 Oscillator. Argon, Roent-
. . •• ¦ ¦ - / ... J t»aii.n.uioi3 ui *uui j^ii- gen Ra ys> etc.). .. ¦ •
— n cyclopedia Offer. 3. Biographical enlargement to lnehida ;
WViaf To Qo?rl f\P T+ T eminent living persons and the hundredj
VVIldL 13 OdlU Ol It. who have recenUy won distinction.
,,..,,. , ¦¦'-. __„_ NAME ••• 4. A particular survey of American ta-
"I Wi I def/ any ons tl buy 3900 terests In theu- various phases.
unltmot that u/Ifl nU,<> i.' m • =«¦ _,_j 6. A presentation of technical subjects
VOItmes tnat Will give h m as g?od STREET In a form comprehensible to ordinary md.
a working library as is furnished ¦"• crs - as , ln th \ treatJne" 1 ' of Eieetridty.
in the ENCYCLOP/€DfA BRITANN:C\ town M «°. 1T cSp O toSs * uiustrations, over uoo ia
a'one."- Ex-President Dwight, Yal 3 • ¦ number.
University. county ihe Guide to Systematic Readings
¦ ¦ subdivides the wholo work Into depart-
: .- ¦ . t " - ments in accordance with the different oo-
"If all Other books were de- STATE....... • cupatlons of all the peoples (outlining 73
. ..,„... . ¦•¦.-•• _..^.._ . *« different courses of reading) and pointa ont
stroyed, tha Bible except ed, the P. AT T BUREAU the things you may want to know or ought
world wnn'H Ino h «t liiil. nf it. \Jl\LtlJ DUnLiau. to know about your business or profession.
woria WCU.d IOS3 but little Of Its Furthermore. It makes systematic reading
MfO'fnat O l. — Spurgeoii. Q O alons any line practical.
— ; .— — - , — ¦ —
Coughs and Colds.
(j|lPl| sufferin y g° U with
i>^. / /" a co^ or * ay ~
/ / V Wj^-^j — _ at nights
I ' \J ffC **\ coughing, so
-g-^J JJ^Vr&J tliat ' y ° U r
J& J^' P«ces, you are
Wy^fpT the one person
of peo?l8
: — — ¦^J**Nh^C % Y\ vi^^ purchase a bot- i
rs^i «* u IV wl tte of Halpru-
, X // A \—-?J/ ner J $ and bin
If 1 " ** for 7 0ur
• . ~^*s (( / -good 'health's
cures colds in less than four hours — it stops . coughing imme- I
diately— cures sore throat in a short time and renders such re-
lief as you ought to have at once. I |
Because other medicines have not done you any good, be- * , 1
cause some friends have suggested this and recommended that, | I
is no reason Why you should not try Halprtmer^s. This medi- ' I
I cine is absolutely different from any other medicine on the mar- W
ket— it will cure you if you will give it a chance, and it -is really «
worth your while to try it , ; j
Cured His Cold in Fovr Hovrs. 1
- . ¦ .-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - <•--..>¦ n\
"I have tried a good many remedies for colds, but I have n«ver j
found anything that, will knock out a cold so quickly as you;
- "Wonderful Medicine. I took a severe cold last week, which an-
noyed me considerably, but I was cured ln less than four hours \ J
after taking Halpruner's. If any one doubts that Halpruner'a ,-:
will cure colda send them over to me. , ]
"W. S. BERDICK, Carpenter, /
"219 Sacto. St., S. P., CaL" \
p||Ti&;jWatii^;:Rret/ If
Dr. Halpruner spends from 1 to 4 every afternoon except Sat- 1
. , urdays and Sundays at his offlce, 28 California - St.. giving trial
treatments to sufferers and persons interested in Halpruner' s '-'
Wonderful Medicine. . • ; I rn
A large bottle sent by prepaid expressage to any part of the II
United States upon the receipt of one dollar. Ji\\
¦"'" '! • " ' •:'¦•"' " ¦¦'¦GUTHRIE, Okla., . Jan. . 18.— A fatal
fight occurred yesterday noon in a gam
bling,room at. Madlll, I. T., in which
both; Elmer Jones of. Hellen and Michael
Parker; a /Pauls .Valley pugilist, were
killed. .Five shots .were, fired, ", one of
which passed through" Parker's tongue
and lodged .in his neck. . They fought
over a game of. cards. .
Card Game Ends in Tragedy.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. IS.— Manager
John Norris of the local branch of tho
Bertillon system visited . Gretna to-day
with a; photograph of the valet Kerns,
charged .with robbing .the Thebaudiman
slon in New York of $50,000 worth of Jew
elry. ', When' Norris ' returned to the city,
after a careful ; Inspection of the prisoner
"Manners," he i said" there was absolutely
no doubt that "Manners" is the fugitive.
Manners Is the Fugitive.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— The pantomime sea
son is threatened with an untimely close.
"Gulliver's Travels" at the Avenue
Theater and "The Swlnherd and . the
Princess'.' at the. Royalty Theater have
been while others , are likely
to soon/ follow suit. However, at Drury
Lane and at the Vaudeville "Bluebeard"
and "Blue . Bell of Fairyland" respective
ly, continue to play to exceptionally large
audiences,' : the weekly 'receipts at. the
Drufy Lane • averaging £8500. The.tri
umph of thes* two . pantomimes meant
death to -the others. This year no. less
than 'eight of these performances strug
gled for existence in the West End. Their
experience i proves . that 'only , two panto-'
mimes can be supported. .
English Weary. of Pantomime.
THEY THINK IT'S PAT, •
THESE, COLORADO MEN
Report From Creede That Elusive
Crowe of Cudahy Notoriety Is \
in Jail.
CREEDE, Colo., Jan. 18.— District Attor
ney James D. Pilcher has telegraphed
Chief of Police J. J. Donahue of Omaha
that Edwin V. Wilber, who is held a pris
oner here to answer charges of swindling
and forgery, may^be Pat Crowe,' who is
charged with having been one of the kid
napers of the Cudahy boy. The age, com
plexion and height of Wilber tally with
Donahue's description of Crowe. It Is also
known that Wilber was associated here
with a person of the identical : description
of the man Donahue described as "No. 2."
Upon close examination of the suspect
under arrest here giving the name of Wil
ber it was discovered that the. exact
marks of identification . that distinguish
Pat Crowe are prominent on the man, and
the officers are firmly convinced they,
have the notorious kidnaper In jail.
The sprinkling of gray . hair with the
brown on the sides of his head, the miss
ing molar teeth and the scars on the left
thumb and index flnger tally accurately
with Crowe's description.". : . " •
The prisoner is non-communicative as to
his former residence, name and occupa
tion. He had in his possession a pocket
guide of the States of Colorado, Nebraska;
Kansas, Texas, South Dakota' and Indian
Territory and seven railroad guides. He
also had on his person a ring which as
sisted/In his identification, it being a
three-stranded silver . ring, set with an
Imitation turquoise. . • ,
OMAHA, Jan. 18.— Chief , Donahue - said
to-night that he would take steps to as
certain if the man under arrest at Cr^ede
was Crowe, but he was still in doubt. He
continues to receive similar reports \ from
other parts ' of the country,; and .says he
will do nothing until he shall become.con
vinced the man Is Crowe.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— The Lord Chief Jus
tice, Baron Alverstone, to-day sustained
the contention of the defense of Dr.
Krause, that the charges of Inciting to
murder must fail, as mere was no evi
dence that the letters in the case had
reached Broecksman; but held that the
question .of "attempting to persuade"
must go to the jury.
Dr. Krause was found guilty and sen
tenced to two years' imprisonment. .
Before he was sentenced. Dr. Krause
protested that he never intended to mur
der any one.
The Lord Chief Justice, in passing sen
tence, declared- the offense was morally
as great as though the crime had been
carried out. The prisoner, the court said,
did everything he could to insure murder
being committed, and f.ie maximum sen
tence was therefore imposed. ¦
Dr. Krause, former Governor of Johan
nesburg, was charged with inciting Cor
nelius Broecksman, the Public Prosecu
tor of Johannesburg, to murder Jo4n
Douglas Fester, an English lawyer, who
was on the staff of Lord Roberts.
Former Governor of Jo
hannesburg, However,/
Is Convicted.
Whenever any officer remotely connect
ed with cricket or football is killed or
wounded in South Africa several of the
papers now always sardonically refer . to
him as another "muddled oaf" or "flan
neled fool," after Kipling's lines. ; ;: -;-
"The Americans - notoriously excel In
many games, like the Australians. Surely
they are none the worse for that. It is
not the games but the fanaticism, about
the games • and the rubbish written
against the games that we have to re
gret."
'indignation which prevails everywhere at
the color and design of the new postage
stamps, . which are so essentially German
In appearance." ' "¦ -!¦¦•
Andrew Lang joins the long list of
crtics of Rudyard Kipling's poem "The
Islanders," with a scathing, denr.iciation
of the author's personality. Lang takes
the character in "Stalky & Cov," general
ly .supposed to?be Kipling himself, holds
him up to . derision for his ."unathletic
brutality,'' and concludes:.
Marie Corelli admits that it^ is scarcely
necessary to allude to the "widespread
"Bearing in mind," she writes, "the ab
solutely criminal . offense against our.
King, by the vile prints circulated in Ger
many, is it justified or justifiable to in
sult our brave officers by compelling them
to wear any uniform even remotely re
sembling that worn by admitted slander
ers of our King, army and country?"
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Marie Corelli, in a
letter to* a paper, caps the climax of the
anti-German feeling existing in England.
This authoress declaimed passionately
against the similarity of the new British
army uniforms with those of the German
army.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13.— Burglars last night
entered the home of M. J. Isherwood, se
cured $2000 worth of valuables ana
escaped after setting fire to the house tq
conceal evidences of their crime. l3her-\
wood and hfs wife returned in time to
summon the Fire Department, but tha
flames did $200 damages.
Burglars Set Firp to House.
KRAUSE PROTESTS
AGAINST CHARGE
,Her Voice in Denun
. ciation.
Novelist Corelli Lends
King Sends Bride a Gift.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— There was a smart
military wedding to-day at St. Margaret's
Church, Westminster, when Captain God
frey Henege was married to Dorothy Hel
yar, whose mother, now the wire or Lord
Saville, was well known in Washington
fifteen years ago. King Edward sent tho
bride a diamond and sapphire brooch,
with an autograph letter expressing hla
Majesty's good wishes.
CHEYENNE, "Wyo., Jan. 18.— United
States Senator Francis E. Warren, who
has been at his home here since the holi
day adjournment of Congress, is suffering
from an acute attack of neuralgia in his
head and face, accompanied by rheuma
tism in his right leg. He expects to be
able to return to Washington Inside of a
week.
Senator Warren's Illness.
Invited to Puget Sound.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.-Erastus Brai
nerd of Seattle to-day invited President
Roosevelt to visit Seattle and Puget
Sound next summer. The President said
it was his intention to visit that portion
of the Pacific Coast before the expiration
of his term, but that at this time he was
not able to determine whether he could
go there next summer.
SCRAMBLE OF THE LONDON
SWELLS TO IMITATE KING
EDWARD'S COAT.
Selecting Army Drilling Ground
SACHAilEXTO. Jan. IS.— Generals
Young. Kobbe and Randall of the regu
lar anny passed through Sacramento this
afternoon, en route to Antioch from
Reno, Nevada, and Truckee, whither they
had gone to inspect proffered sites for the
22.00C-acre drilling ground which the
Government intends to buy. While in
Sacramento earlier In the week the army
oScials inspected the Rancho del Paso,
adjoining the city, half of which has been
offered as a site. The officials will in
spect a proposed site near Antioch. They
have thus far given no indications of
their choice.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— King Edward's
visit to Earl Howe at Penn
House, Amersham, is proving a
brilliant social and sporting: event.
The other guests include most of
those known as the "inner circle," the
Hon. George Keppel and Mrs. Keppel,
Earl de Gray, the Hon. Sidney Greville,
Lord Van Tempest and Viscount Curzon.
Friday's. shoot was a record day for Penn
House, the bag- being 1203 pheasants, ten
brace of partridges, ten hares and twenty
rabbits.
The King dally uses his motor car and
probably will use It for the journey on
BIG TREE CONVENTION
TO BE WELL ATTENDED
State Commission "Will Be Urged to
Immediately Purchase Giant
Redwoods.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18. — Preparations are
about complete for the convention to be
held in this city next Thursday in the in
terest of the Big Basin Park and promi
nent persons from all over the State are
expected to attend. The Immediate pur
chase of the redwood lands will be urged
upon the commission and Governor Gage
will be appealed to. The Pioneers, Native
Sons and all organizations interested in
the preservation of the big trees have
been asked to send representatives.
Among the prominent speakers expected
to attend are Dr. D. S. Jordan, Professor
Benjamin I. Wheeler, D, M:\Delmas,
John Muir, the noted scientist,/ and H.
Weinstock of Sacramento. /
MiW YORK. Jan. 18.— In the annual
aquatic contests to-night at the New
York Athletic Club natatorlum George P.
Moore of the Brookllne (Mass.) Swimming
C!ub broke the American record in plung
ing for distance, with a mark of fifty-nine
feet. The previous record was fifty-eight
feet.
New Diving Becord.
. GENEVA, Jan. 18.— The total of 119 fa
talities in the Swiss Alps constitutes the
record for the year 1901 and is double the
number of fatalities In 1900. Chamounix
is the principal center from which the
deaths of mountain climbers have been
announced.
JACKSONVILLE, 111., Jan. 18.— The case
against Mrs. Barnes, on trial for murder,
was. thrown out of court this afternoon.
Ferguson, the colored man. refused to tes
tify against her, and there was no evi
dence for the State. :
Considerable flutter was created here
by the announcement that King Edward
had ai>epared in a frock coat with deep,
turned-up velvat cuffs. Hundreds ,of
fasWonable men immediately rushed : to
their tailors and ordered similar gar
ments, in spite of their extraordinary
novelty. Consternation now prevails, as
it is learned that what the King wore was
a frock overcoat, on which velvet cuffs
are often seen.
No Evidence Against Mrs. Barnes.
February 21 from Penn House to Wind
sor, where the Queen will join him.. Her
Majesty at present is at " Marlborough
House.
The whole region affected by the earth
quakes of Thursday and Friday has been
the seat of marked seismic movements
Ior several years.
At the town of Chillapa many buildings
¦were wrecked and three persons were
killed outright. whil« four were injured.
In the to^ns of Tlxla and Marchitlan
many buildings were cracked. At Iguala
several buildings fell in and there was
general wreckage in shops. At Zumpango
del Pio three persons were badly Injured
and the prison, town hall, school and
court buildings are wrecked.
Among the dead already found are four
yuong men and two girls. The list of
seriously wounded is a long one, includ
ing many prominent citizens. A list of
the dead and wounded has not been given
out yet.
Governor Mora and his secretary es
caped from the state pa'.ace in time to
save themselves and proceeded to aid the
wounded and panic-stricken people. The
statue of General Xicolas Bravo was
thrown down, and the town government
building was so badly cracked that its fall
is momentarily expected. Great fissures
run across the street. The church of San
Mateo, in one of the outer districts, was
nearly destroyed.
The parish church, which was being re
paired, having been injured in a recent
earthquake, was destroyed. When the
shock began the church was nearly filled
wita worshipers, who fled in dismay,
vromen being knocked down by men. For
tunately all had gained the street when
the heavy stone arches fell in. It is be
lieved every one escaped, though soldiers
are removing the debris, -which is piled in
great heaps.
marched out Quickly, thus saving their
lives. The school buildings were wrecked,
but luckily the children were all saved,
their teachers having rare presence of
mind and giving the order for them to
march to the street ¦when the first trem
bling of the earth began on Thursday.
The people are camping out on the ala
meda and In the fields. Hundreds of fam
ilies are ruined. The buildings destroyed
Include the barracks of the Seventeenth
Battalion, from which the soldiers were
panic and consternation, for yesterday
there came a repetition of the earthquake
shock of Thursday, razing to the ground
many houses spared in the first earth
quakes.
CITY OP MEXICO, Jan. 18.—Chilpan
clngo, the capital of the State of Guer
rero, has had two days of Indescribable
Eepcrts Received From a Number of
Small Cities Tell of the Dis- *
aster Wrought by the
Temblors.
Frightened Families Make
Their Homes in Open
Fields.
WRATH POURS
UPON GERMANS
' The friends of the tariff bill continue to
express themselves in pessimistic terms
regarding the prospects of that measure.
It is significant that the Agrarian organ,
the Deutsche Tages Zeltung, has printed
an article notifying the tariff committee
that there is no use wasting time upon
the bill unless the agricultural duties are
raised still higher, as the agricultural
members will never vote for the bill in
its present form. More sober papers
friendly to the bill are. also much dis
couraged on account of the slow progress
it is making in committee. -
The announcement that Director Ballir
of the Hamburg-American steamshi;
line, and Director Wiegand of the Nor-.l
German Lloyd line,, intend to go to Nev
York together at (the end of Januarj
causes much conjecture as to the objeci
of their^trip. The most generally accept
ed theory Is that it refers to pooling ar
rangements,with the United States linj?s
though both Herr Ballin and Herr Wie
gand are reticent on the subject. Th<
L>okal Ahzieger j says it learns that thi
object of Herren Ballin and . Wlegaud'i
trip' is to participate in the festivities U
the United States on the occasion of th<
visit of Prince Henry. /
The American Embassador here. An
drew "White, has arrangeG a reception fo;
Wednesday next in order to make Gen
eral Porter acquainted with some of th<
Cabinet Ministers and diplomats.
General Horace Porter, the Unitei
States Embassador to France, and Mrs
Porter, accompanied by R. S. Reynold:
Hitt, third secretary of the United State;
Embassy at Paris, have arrived here 01
their v/ay to St. Petersburg. Miss Eddj
of Chicago, sister of Spencer Eddy, sec
retary of the United States Legation a
Constantinople, will be presented wit!
General Porter's party to the Emperoi
and Empress on Tuesday.
Attendance at a Lecture Co n
sidered a "DaDgerous
Symptom."
— • j
BERLIN, Jan. 18.— The action of Em
perorl William in sitting through a long
lecture by Professor Delltzsch, "the As
syrlolo&Ist, on .the "Babylonish Origin ol
Hebrew Ideas" has alarmed | the ultra
orthodox circles of the sta^e church, who
begin to think something is wrong with
his Majesty's theology.
They have- noted that in Gotha thre*
weeks ago the Emperor Intimated tnat
all churches' were equally dear to him,
sayfng that one of the great purposes ol
his life was to bring about church. unity.
His allowing Professor Delitzsch's' con
clusions as to the historical foundation
of Hebrewism to have imperial approval
is regarded as a dangerous symptom.
Professor Delitzsch at tne termination
or his address thanked Emperor William
for his countenance and large personal
contribution, enabling researches to be
made in the territory of ancient Baby
lonia. . .
Among the curious grants .of money by
the Academy of Sciences to promote orig
inal investigation is one to Countess von
der Linden of Bonn University, "to study
the large substances of butterflies'
wings." .
Earthquakes Terrorize
Mexicans in State of
Guerrero. /^
Germans Are Amazed
at the Ruler's Relig
ious. Ideas.-
FEAR RULES
WITH DEATH
AMID RUINS
KAISER STIRS
A NEW ALARM
Incorrect Announcement That Edward Had Appeared in a Frock
Coat With Deep, Turned-Up Velvet Cuffs Is Followed by a
Great Flutter and Rush to Tailors to Order Similar Garments
LONDON MEN OF FASHION GET
FOOLED IN APING KING'S STYLE
THE SAN -FRANCISCO -CALL^ SUNPAYj^JANUABY 19, 1902.
24
' ADVEBTISElgENTS.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
Miss Edith Williams Wants Every Lady
Header of This Paper to Know Eow
She Saved Her Father.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless Rem:dy is
Hi3 Food, Quickly OuriBg Him With-
tut His Knowledge.
Trial Package of the Remedy Mailed Free
to Show How Easy It Is to
Cure F runkards.
Nothing: could be more dramatic or devoted
•than the manner In which Miss Edith Wil-
liams, box 33. Waynesville, Ohio, cured her
drunken father after years of misery, wretch-
edness and almost unbearable suffering.
MISS EDITH WILLIAMS.
"Yes, father ls a reformed man," .. she said,
"and our friends j think it a miracle that 1 1
cured him without his knowledge or consent.
I had read how Mrs. Kate Lynch of 329 Ellis
street, San Francisco. Cal., had cured her
husband, by using a, remedy;, secretly- In his
coffee and food and I wrote to" Dr. Halnes for
a trial; When It came I put some in father's
coffee and food and i watched him closely, but
he couldn't tell the. difference so I kept it up.
"One I morningr father , got up and said : he
was hungry. This was, a good sign as he
rarely ate ; much .- breakfast. He went away
and when he came . home at noon perfectly
sober I was almost frantic with Joy, as I
hadn't seen: him sober for halfa-day before
In over fourteen years. .. After dinner he sat
down In the big easy chair and said,. 'Edith.
I'don't know .what has ¦ come over me but I
l'ate the sight' and smell of liquor and am
tcoing to stop drinking: forever." This was
too , much ¦ for ma and I 1 told- him .then .what
I had done. Well; we both had a good cry
and now we have the happiest home and the
kindest father you can imagine. I am so glad
you will publish this experience ' f or - it will
reach many, others and let ' them know about
that wonderful Golden' Specific." ¦
. Dr. Halnes, 7 the . discoverer, will send a
eample of • this grand ' remedy free to; all who
will write for it. •• enough of the remedy : is
mailed free to show how;. It ' ls used In tea,
coffee or food, and that Jt will cure the dread-
ed ; habit quietly and permanently. Semi your
name and address to Dr.'J. W. Halnes, 2681
Glenn building," Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will
mail; a- free sample .of the •: remedy' to you,"
securely sealed in a plain . wrapper. . also . full
directions how to ¦ use it, books and , testimon-
ials from hundreds who have • been . cured and
everything needed to aid you In saving ¦ those
near and; dear, to, you from 'a* life of degrada-
tion and ultimate - poverty and disgrace.
Send, for ..'a free trial to-day.- It will
1 brighten the rest of your life.
t*\j. *,
fRfemNANTSJ
i We apologize to the ladies who had to stand up to be
1 waited upon during* our remnant sale last week, but we had
B to. remove the stools in order to accommodate the crowd.
I This is your chance to get a remnant .for a waist, skirt or
I full suit pattern, and it is a chance to buy material for a
B garment at a price you will never be able to get material
I for, for" many months to come. The store is always crowded
¥ in the afternoons, so come in the mornings if you can—
I come to-morrow, for we have hundreds of new remnants we
! have never shown before.
I ALL FOR SALE AT THE MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
1 Remnants of German Eiderdown
| This is one of the greatest values in this ad; oveT 500 of these rem-
B nants to be offered tp-morrow; neat patterns in plaids and dots; just
B the thing for waists, wrappers and baby garments; a great value at 15c;
g if you can find a remnant to suit you the price is..... ...Dcyard
I Remnants of Black Camel's Hair Cheviot— ;J
M 37 inches wide— a heavy quality for Eton suits, separate skirts, eta—
U a guaranteed fast midnight black; regular- 60c grade; in remnants from
R 2% to 9 yards long; any remnant in the lot .......33c yard \
¦ English Granite Suitings— |
P Some exceedingly pretty colorings for house gowns, shopping
g dresses, children's school dresses; such shades as reseda, cadet, ox-
H blood, new blue, brown, etc.; also some in two-toned effects, in red and
9 black, brown and blue, green and garnet and. other combinations; 39
H remnants from 2^ to.io yards long; this is a great value at soc; any
II remnant in the lot ........l«c yard
g Remnants of Redfenn Cheviot — S
I Just the thing for children's school dresses; in mixtures and mottled
fel effects; among the shades are grays,. modes, browns, greens, etc.; dpu>
g ble fold and every thread wool; sells off.the reel at 40c and soca yard;
H these remnants run from 2 to 10, yards "long and will be soldout, be-
m ginning to-morrow, at .".... ......:.............'..«»»«'" Ocr yard ?
H Remnants of Genuine Henrietta Cloth—
h Evening shades only, among which are pink, green, baby bine, car-
|| dinal, old rose, turquoise and watermelon; soft and pretty for tucked
H waists, kimonas, party dresses, etc; 37 inches wide and has been sell-
H ing for 45c and 65c a yard; about 80 remnants in this lot to^bc offered,
H beginning to-morrow, at -"I* 5 yard..
|j Remnants or French Twilled Satin — |
B Must be seen to be appreciated, for it is the regular 60c 24-inch qual-
B ity, in shades of nile, light blue, rose, pink, helio and maise. For
a kimonas, evening dresses and waists, at 25c yard
H R:mnanis of Blankets —
H 2 small lots of miscellaneous California wool blankets will be of-
II fered at remnant prices to-morrow; these are; slightly soiled, but arc
pi extra heavy and every thread, of course, is pure wool; this is our resr-
H ,ular $5 grade, here while they last $3.35 pair f
H Remnants of Comforters —
K Not many, but air good and heavy and big enough for double beds- ¦£
H white cotton filled, neat patterns, well stitched, reversible colors; this
I is our great $1 25 comforter; the remainder of the lot offered at rem-
nant prices ...OOc each *!
Remnants of Table Linens, crash towelings, glass linens, huck and
damask towels and damask napkins in half dozen lots— sheets, pillow
cases, bedspreads, table covers, etc.; all marked at half prices during J
the remnant sale; all above goods are slightly soiled and are in mis- ¦
cellaneous designs; that is why we have cut the prices in two. *
0 . ' j
1 =STERLING FURNITUBE= 1
I (5fe^^^^^^|0 a^ for the . . §
1 jSygiy^; price of pine! 3
I I %-, f ijOIIQ OaK DCu |
I 41 • m i\ Doutle °r three -quarte r §
s r JC 1rrr~^~z^ iT ~^ --j*'—j~>^xT i " ?7^ ¦ as you choose > same <*
« & If " ~^^ ---^f^^^ p r i C e, $4.75. Occasionally §
** 1 y° u ' ve heard of an elm or <3
& -~r-s^=r- -sg; a 2S h bed - at five dollars or jg
§1 ' C\jl\ _. j"j- ¦ -'¦-¦ 1 1 "¦ill if thereabouts and considered It o
8 X lyi — ;" ' V one of SOLID OAK that we §
S jEfMikjBBAaB^ I wiI1 set U P in y° ur home t §
« I "|-)}||w^^^"*^?^^^-. V - • V mounted on good castors and '#
8 jj|\f J| -« / T ¦ I ~. jP^-hJ" jlj furnished with slats, all for S
ft If you live in Oakland or Ala- \-^<z.^W)ja^'^-^\ • a
<^ medaor Berkeley we will b; just <^> ''^^^^^M •' /5 S
* 2s glad to set it up in your home , fyy%Z^/SZ?& \ ¥ S
§ . and WITHOUT extra delivery -1 /j?W( tffi!» P
» charges. Picture gives an idea of vm ' ' W\, $
8 design and proportions. $4.75. fiT I • ¦ ' A \ g
I ooliu oak ¦ . 'li^tj^j^ a'
I Chiffonier •H^^^^^S| 1
1 Sterling value ll^^^S j
g Quite a wide one, too, 33 inches «| , m / /, » »
8 wide. . ¦ • - • : 'M KJTy - ' ' T-J/, 8
§ , Yes, it's very much better than % '' ' S
§ you would expect for $11.00. j» - ' ~~ — §
I REMEMBER YOU'RE WEL- I J 0^^^^^" 1
I COME TO CREDIT. I
I STERLING furniture Company I
I : 1039 MARKET, OPPOSITE McALLlSTER. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft® fl TEQT SIR HENRY WILL TELL YOU YOUR FULL 1
HO H SEal NAME, YOUR BUSINESS, Etc. 1
39 (THIRTY) YEARS IK ENGLAND, IRELAND, SCOTLAND an] FRANCE. BE I
I WISE, AVO.D MISTAKES, K« ThY FUTURE BY CONSULTING 1
P§ Hill SIR HENRY PRICfiARD!
SIR HEXRT ls the only clairvoyant . FORMER ADVISER TO HER LATE
and palmist ever having been accorde-1 MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND. ,
reception, by tfa. European sovereigns. 1 ° radu * te °' Yo * g *°* Occult College in
„ . „ ,. \ India. Founder and President of Prich-
He has Buccessfully penetrated the se- N ard ., .. Scnool of PalmIstrjV . London .
crets of ilonarchs. Princes. Diplomats,
Statesmen and the most distinguished in GOIMUBntS Of EUfOpSSIl Pf8SSi
the scientific end philosophic world. "Sir Henry Prlchard is the greatest of
all .living psychics; as a palmist he is In
the Barn8 class as Cheiro." — Leader.
?1gHr fflyB^^h "Prlchard. the palmist, is causing quite
jf^vfijTiLl fif 3s£k#&bv ft sensat ' on * n society. Some persons hate
« VS WT&S&tk. tO hear the truth - Goo<1 ior slr Henry."
-H fi ' f ra^?l§L "The fad of the season ls palmistry.
||Sfe«sBBn 'B ¦ I fplifgn Al1 Lo n(] ° n '» excited. Crowds visit Sir
n^BBS S B f Henry Prlchard, the psychic and palmist.
j»£|2|jB3Jgg i tT f S^^S»1 He ' 6 eoo<J - tnat ' s why." — St. James Ga-
BSV tmSbVS. "-^P 'f ¦¦<|BEhB8(f "Her Majesty has passed away, as per
8A j^STxV 'JBSaBaSf reading of her 'hand. Simply another
C 4r \J fiKjtSSr " II ls reported that Slr Henry Prich-
f; • Jb Z§K3iy ard> the P almlst » haa cleared £20,000 this
¦ -it "Even King Edward had his palms
TELLS ANYTHING HB GIVE8 .
YOU WANT TO KNOW ADVICE ON BUSINESS,
life, or have domestic or love or busi- wills, deeds, mortff8*es. patents claims,
ness troubles, you will be told how to collections, etc He will tell you what
overcome all trouble. When others fall trade, business or profession you are
• he succeeds. adapted for.
All business sacred and confidential. Maid In attendance.
(Office hours— 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. dally: Sunday. 10 to B.
TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES— If you cannot call, write and send $1, 2c stamp for •
reply, date of birth and 8 questions, and receive correct answers to questions by return' -
xnalL Full life readings can be had by mall. Inclose a 2c stamp for circular giving
directions for taking correct Imprints of the hand, etc Palmistry taught; mediumlstic ;
persons developed. Fees moderate.
All mall matter and P. O. money orders should be addressed to Sir Henry's pri-
vate secretary. Mr. a F. WALSH, this address. Private parlors and office. •
1104 Market Street 1104 tS^'
BulU 11. 12, U, 14, 15 an! 18%, THE VENDOME.
Upstairs, First Floor, Receptloa Rooms 18 and 14.ANDREW CARNEGIE, THE RE
TIRED- STEEL. KING, WHO
MAY BE A DEFENDANT.
thorized by a sub-division of section 152f
of the Political Code, were granted to the
following: -Ellen M. Parker, W. T. Ran
dall arid W. A. Dunn of Lbs Angeles;
Irwin D. Martin and E. F. Burrill of
Oakland; O. D. Hunt, A. E. Schumate
and R: S. Holway of San Jose. -
Asked this morning as to whether the
same requirements should be insisted up
on In all/cases, Superintendent Kirk said
The board adopted a rule that it will
neither grant nor consider the granting
of a teacher's credentials unless the ap
plicant at the. time of making the applica
tion is a resident of the State. The board
also resolved that -in the matter of high
school credentials every applicant must
present, with other testimonials, a phy
sician's certificate of sound health.
Crazy Man Attempts Murder.
FRESNO, Jan. 18.— The inaccurate alre
of. a crazed and nerve-shaken man avert,
ed probably. fatal results in an attempt tt
kill B. R. Phillips, Government gauger as
Eggers' vineyard, to-day. Gus Eider, 1
stableman, fired two shots at Phillips
but both went wide. Elder was suffer
ing from a fit of Insanity, »uperinduced
by excessive drinking, and was possessed
of the hallucination that Phillips na4
robbed him. Eider was arrested.
that there should be- such general Insist
ence, but that county boards and not tht
State board took the initiative with re
gard to other credentials than those o)
the special high school class.
BARCELONA, Jan. 18.— The boiler of a
spinning mill near Mauresa exploded to
day and wrecked the building. A ; large
number of working people were buried
In the debris and- many, of them were
killed. A number of the bodies were
hurled long distances
Disastrous Boiler Explosion.
Pierce Defeats Canadian Runner
BUFFALO. N. Y.. Jan. 18.— Jerry Pierce
cf the Pastime Athletic Club, New York,
defeated John Caftery, champion long dis
tance runner of Canada and winner of the
Marathon road race In the East last sum
mer, in a special five-mile foot race to
night. The time was 27:42 1-5. Pierce
trailed until the last lap and then by a.
great spurt defeated Caffery by a safe
margin.
HIGHWAYMEN COLLECT
TOLLS FROM WOMEN
Rob One of Groceries and Another of
Purse on a Santa Clara
Road. •
SAN JOSE, Jan.; 18.— Two women were
robbed . on - the , Alvi$o road , near. ; Santa
Clara late this afternoon. Both were re
turning from - San Jose to their \ homes
near Alviso. Mrs. Fred Williams denied
having any , money and was allowed lo
proceed,' after turning her pockets InBlds
out, , the , highwaymen i contenting them
selves with taking some groceries and a
package of dry -goods from, her buggy.
The other woman. ; whose 1 name ¦ Is > not
known, gave her purse, containing JS, to
the : highwaymen. The robbers - were
roughly dressed..
ECTEOOLTEACHERS MUST ¦
BE IN SOUND HEALTH
State Board Will Bequire Applicants
to File Physicians' Cer-
. . ; .. tificates. V
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— The State
Board ; of : Education completed its labors
to-day and adjourned to the call .of the
chairman. = It is expected that: the; next
meeting will notoccur until July. The
, board placed . the California Kindergarten
Free . Normal ATrainlng School of ;San
.Francisco , on ' the • accredited list of kin
dergarten ' schools. ' ¦ , ' . - ; . ..>'-.' v
" Special . high school ¦ credentials, as au-
State Enters a Legal Battle.
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 18.— The State of
Wisconsin has taken a hand in the legal
battle which Is being waged between Bay
fleld County and the receiver for the
Washburn, Bayfleld and Iron River Rail
road and the State authorities will en
deavor to prevent the tearing up^of the
railroad. Attorney . General Hicks this
afternoon appeared before Judge Jenkins
of the United States Circuit Court and
presented a petition asking that the State
of Wisconsin be allowed to appear in the
proceedings. The grounds of the petition
are that the railroad Is a public right, de
riving Its charter from th'e State and that
no orders should be allowed for its' re
moval without the State being given a
bearing.
Beon^ns Wickersham Case.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. IS.— Judge Burnett
this evening handed down ah opinion
granting Cora L. "Wickersham a 'trial In
her contest against the heirs of. the late
I. G. Wickersham .to prevent the dis
tribution of the Wickersham estate. The
case was recently heard and Judge Bur
nett declared . that Mrs. Wickersham had
no standing in court. The court- reversed
itself upon the showing made by Attor
neys Francis J. Ilehey and William F.
Cowan, an important feature of the ar
gument being that certain representations
made to the lat« Frank P. Wickersham of
Fresno, whereby he was induced to re
nounce his right to both his father's and
mother's estates ¦¦ loi the sum of $23,000.
were not based upon fact. Another point
involved was that in signing away his In
terest^in his mother's estate Frank
Wlckershara was disposing of something
that existed only as an expectancy.
"There will without doubt be action of
importance to this territory. I do not
know positively that the question of low
ering through rates will come up, be
cause where there are to many Interests
to lines it is always difficult to secure
united action. One of the tasks before
the bureau will be to check up transcon
tinental rates, revising them to Include
changes made since the last session."
The Northern Pacific, the Great North
ern. Burlington, Santa Fe, Union Pacific
and other lines in the West will be rep
resented. Suggestions have been made
from time to time Indiqating that some of
the interested lines would be willing to
reduce their through rates should it be
possible to s-ecure joint action. The at
titude of the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern is eaid to be unfavorable. A
representative of one of these lines said
of the probable action of the bureau:-
TBAireCONTUrENTAX BATES
MAY SOON BE REDUCES
Uepresentatives of Seventeen Com
panies "Will Discuss the Matter
at Portland Heeling.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Jan. 18.— The Trans
continental Freight Bureau has Issued a
call to the seventeen lines It Includes for
a session in Portland February 18, at
¦which more than 1000 Questions will be
taken up. There is a strong probability
that transcontinental rates as a whol»
v.ill be discussed and a possibility that
the bureau may decide upon Important
rWln»tlnn<
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— Eight coun
ties were represented at the meeting of
the Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation in this city to-night and It was
dectded to continue the association In
force and to send a representative to Los
Angeles for three months to attempt to
divert some of the Eastern visitors to
this portion of the State. J. A. Filcher,
secretary of the State Board of Trade,
was Indorsed for horticultural director at
the St. Louis exposition.
Give Indorsement to Filcher.
ST. PAUL, Jan. 18.— A check for $1,000,
000 has been received here for payment on
the life of Frank Peavey, the late Minne
apolis millionaire. The check is made
payable to George TV. Peavey and Frank
T. Heffelflnger, special administrators of
the Peavey estate. It is said to be the
largest check ever drawn In payment of
a life Insurance risk. O.-vi
Million the Life Insurance.
erick P. Engels of Lynbrook, L. I.
The property was sold by an executor
of the Stafford estate. Attorneys made a
trip to St. Marys, where the deed was on
file. The deed is clearly defective, they
say. The Carnegies paid $45,000 for the
island.
BBAVE ELEVATOR BOY
SAVES NTJMERQTJS LIVES
Young Man Carries Hotel Guests
Through Smoke and Flame Dur
ing a Fire.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— The La Strain Hotel,
a seven-story apartment hotel at 3535 El
lis street, was practically destroyed by
fire to-day.
Sixty women and children were In the
building when the flames were discovered.
About half of them were on the top floor
at luncheon and they were thrown into
a panic. Otto Bola, the elevator boy,
however, succeeded in making several
trips through the smoke and flames, and
carried all of them to safety. The last
one out of the building was a paralytic,
whom the elevator boy carried to his car
and later into the air.
The loss is put at S100.000. The fire orig
inated in a shed at the rear of the build
ing. One of the firemen was slightly in
jured by falling glass.
Lot 20x75, on the east line of Zoe street,
197 :6 south of Bryant, with improvements,
for William Wilson for $1150: southeast corner
of Post and Steiner streets. 27x75, for
Josephine Mitchell, for $3700; lot 36x120, .on
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have »old
properties as follows: ¦
Prices Are Good.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold the
northeast corner of D street and Eighth
avenue to the Hotallng Company for S.
W. Cole, the lot being 65 by 122 feet, for
$18,000.
Northwest corner of Fell and Buchanan
streets for C. Matthias, the lot being 85x120
feet and the Improvements, six dwellings, for
$20,000; for F. Tillman, et al., the southeast
corner of Turk and Polk streets, 27:6x85, with
a store aud fiats, for $17,500; lot 52x110, on
west side of Devisadero street, between Clay
and S&cramento, for W. B. Bourn, to Fred
H. Meyer, the architect, fot $8500; two flats
and lot 50x115 on the nortlf side of Market
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth, for
Mrs. Wandell, for $10,000.
name of the buyer is not made -public by
the brokers.; - -
Sales have » been made by Oscar Hey
man as follows:
'Lot 50x170 feet on the east line of Bennlng
ton street, 50 feet north from Cortland ave
nue, for $700; two lots on the north side of Al
lison street, 150 f eet . east from Brunswick
street, for $300; cottage of four rooms on the
west line of 'Foisom street, 75 feet south from
Powhattan. for. $900; lot 25x100 feet on the east
line of Foisom street. 125 feet north from Pre
clta avenue, for $800; two lots on Hopkins
street, 100 feet west from Corbett road, for
$500.
Suburban Property.
David Bush & Son have sold to Mrs.
Helen W. Fay for Mrs. Elizabeth Lacy
the suburban home of the latter at Fair
Oaks, San Mateo County, on Selby lane,
for $6550. . ' .
Easton & Eldridge report the following
prices received for realty at auction:
Lot and residence aA710 Cole street, $5450.
subject to approval; No. ,38 Clara street, 220
feet northeast from Fourth, house and lot.
27x75 feet, for $2500; No. 182 Tremont avenue,
with cottaire of six rooms, $2500,' subject to
approval ; No. 1613 Turk street, south line,
27:0x120 feet. $3400: No.' 2204 McAllister
street. Jot 25xlC0. with store. $3450; lot on the
northeast corner of Ashbury street and Corbett
road. $950. •-«.> ..
The next auction sale by Easton.
Eldridge & Co. will take place on Tues
day, January 28.
A deed was recorded during the week
by which William H. Buckler transfers
to E. R. Lillenthal the north corner of
Mission and Beale. streets for $9S,500. The
lot is 91:8x137:6.
The southeast corner of Frederick and
Cole streets has been sold by John L.
Harrison to Margaret C. Hill. ¦
A blanket mortgage for $200,000 has been
placed by H. E. *Bothln with' the German
Savings Bank on properties on O'Farrell,
Pine, Mission, Montgomery, Clay, Bat
tery and other streets. This was 'the
largest mortgage recorded in the past
week. ':'¦•'/:': ¦'::¦¦'¦¦ !:''¦¦ ' - '
The /largest building for which con
tracts have , been : placed since th© last
review of the realty situation in this pa
per is a brick carhouse for. the Market
street Railway Company ,on the. north
east corner j of . Utah and j Twenty-fourth
streets, to cost $58,789. . . ., v '
- A.. W. Wilson will erect on the north
line of Turk street, near Hyde, a six
story . apartment house, the cost of which
will be about $50,000.
Angus and David MqKay will build on
the ; northwest corner of Leidesdorff and
Sacramento streets a four-story, brick
building at : a' cost of something like
$20,000. ¦•¦ . ;• '
i "A loan for $75,000 has been made by the
Pacific Mutual Life' Insurance Company
to 0Dr. L.: E. Cross of Stockton through
McAfee Bro*s. on reclaimed marsh lands
on . the extension of Mare : Island. ' '
the east ; line of Forty-sixth avenue, 284 feet
north of A street, for the estate of Adolph
Sutro, for $450; lot 25x100, on the north side
of Julian avenue, 25 feet eouth of Fourteenth
street, for Drury Melone. for $1875; lot 25x100,
on the north- line "of: Sacrament©.-streetii:62:6
west of Laurel,- for the estate- of .. Samuel
Lewis, for $1750; part of Outside Land block
1074, fronting on the great boulevard, 'or
the estate of Adolph Sutro, for $2500; souui
east corner of Baker and Oak streets, 25x
96:10>i. on account for Henry Lachman, for
$3"5o:"lot 25x120, with improvements, on t~ie
east line of Fourth avenue, 125 south of Lake
street, fcr W. S. Parks, for. $2900; lot 40x55.
with improvements, ' on the' south line of
Twenty-second street, 123 . east of . Valencia,
lor A. C. Saclis, for $3450, and lot' 27x75, on
the bouth line of Post street, 54 feet west of
Fillmore street, for the estate of F. Kaedlngr,
for ?2000.
The following properties have been sold
by McAfee Bros. :
Lot 25x125, on the west line of Baker
rtreet, 100 feet north of Grove, for ?3750; lot
27:8VixlS7:6, on the west line of Spruce
street. 100 feet north of Clay, for $3500; three
lots, 25x137:6 each, on the north side of Ful
ton street, 100 feet west of Willard, for $5000;
lot 27:6x137:6, on the south line of McAllis
ter street, 161 -feet west of Scott, for $3?oo;
lot 25x137:6, on the east line of Cole street,
115 feet south of Frederick, for $2000; the
northeast corner of. Sanchez and Twentieth
streets, 105x114, four lots with. a house, $3000,
and eight-tenths of an acre ' in El Cerrlto
Park, for the Bowie estate to John.Ui. Davis,
for 52000. .•
Among the' more recent sales made
through the office of Boardman Brothers
& Co. are the following:
Lot on the westerly line of Bartlett street,
135 feet south of Twenty-sixth street, • south
72-4x126:5^. feet for the estate of Joseph M.
Comerford "for $2000; lot on the southeast cor
ner of Waller and Pierce streets, 30x90. for
Otto i F . Grundel for $4S70; lot on the north
line of " Vallejo street. 171:10^ feet west of
Fillmore street, west 34:4%xl37:G feet, for O.
R Jordan for $4300; lot and two-story house
on the north line of Foisom street, 300 feet
east of Sixth street, lot 25x85 feet, for L. P.
and E C Ovledo, for $4000; lot on the north
easterly corner of California street and Cort
land avenue, 25x80 feet, for Joseph M. Comer
ford for $000; outside lands block No, 635,
bounded by Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth
avenues H and I streets, being a full block
of 240x000 feet, and .fronting on Golden Gate
Park for estate of William E. Brown, for
S6500- lot on the east line of Eighteenth ave
nue 100 feet north of D street, 25x120 feet,
for "approximately $450; lot on the southerly
line of Sacramento street, - 100 feet east of
Webster 37:6xl32:SVi feet, for about $4750.
A. M. Speck &• Co. have sold for D.
Abrams lot 27:6x120* feet on the south, line
of- Eddy street, 110 feet west from Frank
lin, with three flats thereon, which were
built about one year ago, for. $19,000. The
NEW TORK, Jan. IS.— Andrew Car
negie will be made a party to a
suit for property valued at $2,000,
000. which will be brought against
th« wife of Ms brother by heirs
of Robert Stafford, the Sea Island cotton
king, says the World. Papers In the ac
tion hav« Just been prepared In this city.
The suit will be to secure title to Cum
berland Island, off the coast of Georgia,
•which Carnegie and his sister-in-law have
made a beautiful park and midsea home.
The fact that the Stafford heirs had any
claim to the property was discovered by
accident. In the papers on file In the
case It Is alleged that Robert Stafford
bought the Island now In dispute In 184S.
He had $200 at that time and went to the
Island to raise cotton. In the second
year of his work there he was married.
His wife was Elizabeth Barnaby, famed
es "The "White Slave." She was employed
by a Georgia planter and her ancestors
were white, bat she had been. sold Into
slavery and an action was pending at the
time to secure her freedom. Robert Staf
ford fell in love with her, purchased her
freedom and made her his wife. It is the
descendants of this woman and Robert
Stafford •who are now contending for the
$2,000,000.
Robert Stafford died in New London,
Conn., about fifteen years ago. He left
lour daughters— Mrs. Mary Palmer, wife
of Dr. Palmer of New London; Ada,
Countess Zivulkl of Paris; Mrs. Madora
Vosburg of New York, and Mrs. Fred-
The week just closed was marked with
an important real estate deal, In which
the importance of Montgomery street as
a Held for investment was recognized
anew. Frank D. Madison, the attorney,
purchased from the Goldstein Company a
frontage of 25 feet on the east line of
Montgomery street, with a depth of 87:6
feet, and improvements, the property Im
mediately adjoining the 60 feet recently
purchased by the Union Trust Company.
Th© sal© was for 5100.000 approximately,
the price being $4000 per front foot. The
transaction Implies the Improvement of
that part of Montgomery street. Mr.
Madison will expend something like $30,
000 in improvements. G. H. Umbsen & Co.,
real estate brokers, occupy the ground
floor of the property. '
Several transactions of some size are
reported by the brokers. Baldwin &
Howell have sold the three-story build
ing on the southwest corner of Eddy and
Franklin streets, containing three new
modern flats of eight rooms and bath
each, with lot 27:6 by 120 feet, for Joseph"
Schwartz to Henri Hughes for $30,000. The
property brings in $202 60 per month for
rents. The property immediately adjoin
ing on the west, lot 27:6 by 120 feet, with
improvements consisting of a three-flat
building, has also been sold through the
same agency for Isidor Schwartz to Miss
Delia Niding for $20,000. The building
rents for $165 per month. Baldwin & How
ell also report the following , additional
sales: ' ¦
Lot and Improvements on the north line of
Elliott l'ark, west from Steiner, 25x90, for J.
Wise to Charles Wilson for $2125; Emma Hum
mel to K. A. McKenzle, lot on the south side
of McAllister street, east of First avenue, 25
xl3T:B. for $750; The Home Mutual Insurance
Company to Oliver Lenhart and wife, lot on
the east side of Sanchez street, north of Twen
ty-fifth street. 2S:6xl00, for. $1000; Carrie B.
de Golla to Helen C. Dlxon, lot on the north
side of Fifteenth street, west of Dolores street
50x89. for $2500; C. P. Ware to Thomas I.
Snead, lot on the south side of Point Lobos
avenue, east of Masonic avenue, 30:6x75 for
$1700; Mrs. Kate Roach to Meyer Abrahams..
lot on the south side of Clay street west of
Scott street. 25x137:6, for $3000; E. H. Cum
mlngs to Mrs. J. Landrevllle, lot 73, block 6,
Flint-Tract, for $500; A. L. Anderson to Louis
Brun, lot and improvements on the southeast
line of Foisom street, northeast of Fourth
street. 20x80. for $3500.
Baldwin & Howell have also sold in the
Sunset district the following properties:
Albert Meyer, lot on the east side of Eight
eenth avenue, north of I street, 37:6x120 to
Annie E. and Isldora M. O' Sullivan, for $1400;
northeast corner of K street and Nineteenth
avenue. 57:6x1,00, to James Tufts, for $1600;
northwest corner of I street and Nineteenth
avenue. EOrlCO, to Dr. F. D. Ashworth, for
$2500; also lot and new improvements on the
west side of Ninth avenue, south of H street,
25x120. to Julian de Wensky, from Magee &
Canfield, for $3600.
Many Other Deals.
A. E. Buckingham reports the sale of
the following properties:
Lot 50x120 on the west line of . Ninth ave-*
nue, 125 feet south from I street, to S. S.
Reed for $1700. upon which lot two houses v.ill
be erected immediately; three flats on the
south line of Pagre street, between Brodcrick
and Baker, for $12,000; house and lot on the
•west line of Kleventh avenue. 100 feet south
from H street, to Maud E. Henry for $3300;
lot on the west line of Eleventh avenue, 125
feet south from H street, and lot on the west
line of Eleventh avenue, 125 feet north from
I street, to K. B. Hallett for I180O; lot on the
east lice of Tenth avenue, 225 Teet south from
I street, for K- Hendrer to Emma Harrington
for $075; lot on the north lln« of Clay street,
137 feet west from Lyon, to W. B. Cotrel.
?A. E. Buckingham reports the following
concerning the movement of business in
the Sunset district:
There is more demand for properties in the
Sunset district than there ' has been at any
time during the last ten years. Quite a
number of contraclcrb are buying; and build
ing seven and eight room houses, which are
selling before the houses are built. These
houses are selling- for from $2500 to (3750.
Some dozen houses are building; in this dis
trict.
Hooker & Lent have sold the following
properties recently:
An Important Transaction on
Montgomery Street Closes
the Week.
Pour Thousand Dollars
Per Front Foot Is
Heirs of Robert Stafford; the Sea Island Cot
ton King, Prepare an Action to Recover
Two Million Dollars on Land Sale
DESCENDANTS OF "WHITE
SLAVE" TO SUE CARNEGIE
SOLID REALTY
CHANGES HANDS
THE SAN FBAffCISCOr'pALIi, i SUNDAY; JANUARY 19, 1902.
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatic pains nrc the cries of protest
and distress from tortured muscles, aching
joints and exdted nerves. The blood has
been poisoned by the accumulation of
waste matter in the system, and can no
longer supply the pure and health sustain-
ing food they require. The whole system
feels the effect of this acid poison ; and
not until the blood has been purified and
brought back to a healthy condition will
the aches and pains cease.
Mrs. James Kell, of 707 Kinth street, N. E.,
Washington, D. C, writes as follows: "A few
months ago I had an attack of Sciatic Rheuma-
tism in its worst form. The
pain was so intense that I
became completely pros- ¦
trated. The attack was an
unusually severe one, and WY
my condition was regard- flf i.-jWw
ed as being very danger- W^Hv
ous. I was attended by • v. V/a £j$sA
one of the most able doc- J^ ls» 'iSiwy'
tors in "Washington, who is a^jgB^CdWKF-'
also a member of the fac-
ulty of a leading medical tm&a&'^&Mf^Ummft
college here. He told me! wmGa&BSaXUBxb
to continue his prescrip-' . • - -,
tionsand I would get well. After having it filled
twelve times without receiying the slightest ,
benefit, I declined to continue his treatment any
longer. Having heard of S. S. S.(Swif fs Specific) i
recommended for Rheumatism, I decided, almost
in despair however, to give the medicine a trial.
and after I had taken* few bottles I was able to ;
hobble around on crutches, and very soon there- !
after had no use for them at all, S. S. 6. having
cured me s=und and well. All the distressing '
pains have left tat, ray appetite has returned, i
and I am happy to be again restored to perfect
health. .¦ . : . 1
S/*25fe &$5k tke; great vegetable
SL^ 8<L^ purifier and tonic, is
the ea^ remedy in all
K/jm kjja rheumatic troubles.
( *HP r There are no opiates or
minerals in it to disturb the digestion and
lead to ruinous habits. . j
We have prepared a special book on
Rheumatism which every sufferer from
this painful disease should read. It is the
most . complete and interesting book* of
the kind in existence. It will be sentfree
to any one desiring it. Write bur physi-
cians fully and freely about your case. I 1 * 7 ©
make no charge for medical advice. '
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. ',?.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly nestores Lost Vigor
I: to Men.
A Free Trial Packaara Sent tfy Mall
to All Who Write. ;
' Free trial packages of a* most remarW-
-h,' rpmpdv are being mailed • to all who
wUl write to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
lutterinz of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has "decided to distribute free 'trial
packages' to all who write. It Is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
anv form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss' of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele.or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. .••¦'¦¦• - , « V
The remedy has a : peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act 'direct
to the desired .location, , giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural. func-
tions and has been an absolute. success in
all cases. - A request to the State Medical
Institute, ' 328 : Elektron building, Fort
Wayne,' Ind., ; stating that you desire -one
of their free trial packages, ; will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute, Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are ¦ • unable • ¦ to leave ' home . to be
treated,' and I the free samples will | enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when ;the proper reme-
dies are employed.^ The Institute -makes
no restrictions.v Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no: fear of ; embarrassment or pub-
licity. ¦ Readers \ are ¦ requested ., to -: write
without, delay.
GBAPE-MTTTS.
[solid
substantial
FLESH
and good brains
I are mide from ..
Grape-Nuts.
> Sold by grocers
.JOB BOSBNBERCPS. J JOB ROSENBERG'S. | ; JOE BOSEUKEBG'S. | [% JOB ROSENBERG'S.
¦Ill M / OsSm m%W*.MB m^B mmtr WM __ lfl -*- ¦ •''-¦'¦* ' v^^ " Wiiifc ' B3 - . . /aV fg^i£v>"ES* V5&. fit
Would You Do if You Had Too jjStagJpi^
We Challenge You to Buy Them Anywhere in Frisco at These Prices,
At SQcrV^?^?.' GOWNS, best Lons- \ f 1Ori« -GINGHAM APRONS, good A* $O Eft -LADIES' WAISTS, best A* «Q Kfl— EIDERDOWN ROBES.
n.L uui/j a i e Muslin, double yoke back. /ir ' £/2C checked gingham, full length - rt - c **« 3U quality peau de sole, tucked At vO.OUbest quality wool ripple
if? nt ,J*° .~^V£ fc ®?_^" d hemstitched, and good width; worth 25c. This week., front and back, lined throughout, eiderdown, froe trimmed, pockets, waist
Were 90c. THIS WEEK...... ..5(>C ••• 13%C trimmed with crystal buttons, colors cord, colors cadet, red and gray. $5.00
At $2 98 "CUSHION made of best ; A t OQn -NURSES' APRONS, best I W te nd i r ; t white and 7 * llo \?Z T Z value3 - TWs WMk *3-5<>
ni *£.3O art sa teen or denim, hand At &V quality white lawn or checked J 5 - 50 - T™ 3 Week 82.50 * f en. -LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS,
embroidered with best silks, fancy all gingham, with bib, large ruffle or straps A* «1 QQ —LADIES' GOLF SKIRT, -"^ oul *best whit* soft bleached mus-
silk ribbon ruffles. Many designs to over the shoulders; wide strings. This - rl - L * ¦ *° o best quality wool golfing-, lln. embroidery trimmed, full lenjrth. ex-
from. Were $10.00. THIS week •. 2Oc welted seams, flounce bottom, strictly tra. wide; were 90c This week 5Oc
EBI V ' SS.OS » i QK/» -BEST ITALIAN SHELL man-tailored. Priced elsewhere at W.50. Af cru -HAND-MADE BATTEN-
At $1 5Q-BURNT LEATHER PIL- At O0C B a C K COMBS, Empire style, Thls wc « k • — • •••••S1.98 At OUC BERG CENTER, new stitches,
s\i >Pv>.uw LO -ws, burnt on very best long, smooth teeth; just a sample line. A* QO« -LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, fancy all-linen braid, round effect. lSx
skins. Many different designs. Were so we have Just one of each; regular nL * ou made of best, fast black Ital- 13; worth 75c. This week 50c
$12.00. THIS WEEK.......; 83. 5O 75c values. Some for this week 35c ian cloth, accordeon flounce. Were H.60. * . »i *yc— BATTENBBKO
Ar $1 fid— SOROSIS GLOVES, bestt A f lOJ/n "LADIES' FAST-BLACK This week QSo At * I .» S Q UAREa> boat all-Unen
ru g I. UV ladies' glove made, best AC I £/-G HOSE, best Peruvian cotton, A f OKn -GENTS' L A R O E SIZE braid, solid hand-made Battenbers. 23x
picked lamb, two-clasp, stitched back, double heels and toes, full length, very rvt XUU HANDKERCHIEFS. best Jap- 23; worth %L Thia week 81.23
all shades, no better wearing glove made, elastic; were 20c. This week 12%c anese silk, colored border; regular EOc a* E«-CLOTH COVERED CORSET
THIS WEEK »1.OO A -« ./ -CHILD'S HOSE, best Pe- values. This week 25e At 0C 3TEELS( 3t tempered steel;
At 75fi CHILD'S FUR TOP FLEECE At I £.'*\j rU vlan cotton, double heels. A '*¦ K« -LADIES' HAND INITIALED were 10c. This week 5c
¦ n - t '^ V LINED GLO\ES, best quality; toes and knees, fast black; 20c values. ri1 best qual- a+ cr»« -LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS
kid, one-clasp, stitched back. Were $1.00. . This week ; i 12^c lty lawn, hemstitched; regular price wUU m ade of best soft bleached
THIS WEEK ..........75c A , 7C A -CHILD'S UNION SUITS 12%c ¦ This week ....J»c muslin, hemstitched, extra dust ruffle,
At IKp -VELVET RIBBON. satin At /Ol/ made o{ best Peruvian yarn, A f O« -LADIES' HEMSTITCHED regular Jl skirt. This week 50e
¦ rvL lv;u oack. No. 1 best black, 10 yards: high neck, long sleeves, ankle length. Al ''^ HANDKERCHIEFS, made of a i. QQ« -LADIES' SKIRTS made of
In piece. Was 35c. THIS WEEK... 15e Were*1.25. This week.... ...W&c Irish lawn; regular price - 10c. This At wC^ e g O ° ft Xchsd muslin
A f Q/% -LADIES' TURN-OVER COL- a i. 7C« -LADIES' COMBINATION week... 3c trimmed with torchon lace; regular $1.55
Al °WLARS, best quality lawn, sheer -." Al ¦ 'O« SUITS, made of best Egyptian A r 1 1V -L A D I E S' HEMSTITCHED values. Thia week 08c
lawn embroidery or Point de Veniso cotton, fleece lined, high neck, long " u ' uu HANDKERCHIEFS, made of a 4. IQa -DRESSING COMBS, made
edge. Were 15c. THIS WEEK..... O8c sleeves, ankle length. Were $1.35. This very best Irish linen; 25c values. This At 1 3C jf heavy rubber fine and
At $11 fin— REAL OSTRICH week 75c week lOc coarse teeth; perfectly finished; regular
-rat s>i i.yw.pE AT HER BOAS , V,i - : AtRfl n -LADIES' VESTS, best Amer- At ti fiR-LADIES 1 HAITO CRO- 40c kind. This week's price 19c
yards long, high luster fiber, best rLt J wu can ' silk, low neck, no sleeves, • rvL v ••«»* CHETED SKIRTS, best a t oc« -SILK TUCKED BELTS, good
French black or. gray. Were $15.00. lace trimmed, • colors pink, blue and German yarn; regular $2.75 values. This ¦"• t quality; new shape' cilt
THIS WEEK ...811.00 white.. Worth $1.00. This week.:...5Oc week $1.65 and silver heavy buckles; regular We.
At 4.5c-LADIES* STOGK. made of a t «1 OK —LADIES' TIGHTS, made A + K« -BEST TORCHON LACB, 2Vi This week's price 25c
-r*.L -Wl-best quality silk with^butter- At 3> I .CO ot best Australian wool; ¦ txl °C Inches wide, looks like the real a. QC« -SCISSORS best Quality steel-
fly bow attached, trimmed with fancy, colors pink, blue and black and cream, hand run; regular 12%c lace. This At OOC 3erman sUver handles 7 Inches
ecru braid. Was 75c. THIS WEEK.45e. Were $1.75. This week $1.25 week 5c long; good and sharp; regular 75c This
At IQr-LADIES' COMBINATION^ a r OQ« -LADIES' EMPIRE COR- A <- 1 f)p -FANCY CORDED ALL SILK week's price 35 C
At 1 5U ?URSE and CARDCASE, best 'fSJ 'J^^SETS, made of best Italian . l ' U0 RIBBON, In every swell color a *. O« -Best duality nickel nlated
seal pressed leather. Was 35c THIS cloth, well boned, no bust, short over combination used; regular 25c ribbon. At OCsApErr?^piNS small and larea
WEEK....K 19c the hJps. Were 75c. This week 39c This week .• '.....?. lOc sizes; the regular price Sc^T^s w^fk
At lOp-SAMPLE VEILS, yard A f C1 0(1 -LADIES' CYCLIST COR- . At 9Qp-LADIES' NECK RUCHES, selling at 3c a dozen
1X1 ' fancy dotted meshes or *•;£. v'-^SET, best Italian cloth, well - rvi fast black liberty, full and A f OK/» -GILT BUCKLES latest Par-
plain; also new complexion meshes, boned, extra gussets of silk elastic over fluffy, »full ends; were 75c. This week *^ L lslan styles. In Grecian and
Were 35c. THIS WEEK l;>c the hips. • short hips. Regular $1.50 .; 20c Roman designs; warranted not to tar-
At 12^Co£>s£ C <=F T V; CKEr) p ATI^ r^his week .....$1.OO a t 1 Q r -BLACK TAFFETA RIBBON, nish; regular price. 50c. TWs week's
\u i/gTOC K S,colar, good qual- Af rjc. -CHILD'S FERRIS WAIST. At 'y C ill silk, fast black, six inches P^c® - 25c
ity satin, all colors. Were 2oc. THIS Al best quality jean, double row wide; regular 35c quality. This week At 5c" PAINTEi:) PLAQUES, saucer
WEEK .12&C tape sewn buttons. This week...... 25c ••• , 10c shape: Dresden and German
At Just a few TAILOR . Vi nr\ mvw a en r xntw nTr«j'f ottatttv scenes; beautiful and attractive; regu-
At 5>O./O SUITS> full skirtt an lIned At$1.00p^^j W Set w At 5OC*££R}£g flannelette lar price 25c. This week's price he
jacket effect, well made, were Jia^Thi^ £ull h t ni Regu i ar ji.5o prices, full length, extra wide; were 75c. This It; *J ¦££ OV7 % R ¥ I> ..NAINSOOK
week *.¦ $o.7o Thi« w.**k oTi *\(\ week KO<» SHD3LDS; odorless and perspiration
AfiRn -NEEDLE BOOKS, containing ims *• ~ "••- ;," f 1 * UU k *'''7:'~r~L',''vV\'^''v*'nSi£> proof ; 'regular price 20c. This week's
At IOU| packages the very best iim- At Kn-Good heavy quality of clear A* Iftp-LADIES' BLACK PATENT pr i ce -«f> p
ported g old P -eyedEnglilh ne y edlls;-the t At ,? C WHITE PEARL BUTTONS. At ' BELTS, h^^en-^.^^ f^imSymS^nSSn^S
regular 25c kind. This week selling at.. Jsmall and medium sizes. The 'regular ameled buckles; the regular 2oc kind. At OUC DIES ' hose STIPPORTFRq
......;....... 15c fee klnd - This_week's price.. 5c a dozen This week selling at •••••lOc the Wnd th^wlll Ve^uce your aidomeil
At 1 ftp —THIMBLES, genuine Ger- v '->— . • k^^_.,— .«.— '-> <-,«/» HfiDT/nT dTDI71?T from 4 to 6 Inches. This week's price..
At IUC ma n silver; regular 25c kind.: Ifir RfBOTE DrnO 816 MARKET STREET, • 50c
This week's price ...lOc Bill" K 8 I \ I" lu K I" H ¦¦ . tJ « n . e a At I a -Best quality HOOKS AND
Af On -Large spools CROWN KNIT- JUL nUOLElULnU Running through to 11 0 Farrell. ¦ n - t 2C EYES; hard enameled; the res-
At OC riNGSILK , all colors; the regu- W TL. !, - VT c i , • *", dhpi »n riiii niNr ular 1c kind. This week's selling prife
lar 15c kind. This week selling at.... 3c ' Mail Orders Solicited. . PHELAN BUILDING. %c dozen
__ Friedman's Furniture |
The best makers often . |
" rV " I
.Drop,
quit making, some of the best selling patterns of |!
carpet for trade reasons. When that occurs we |
drop theprice and close them out at once. To keep |
them longer would mean disappointment to many, h
for the pattern hardest { to supply is the most sought jg
foK Some such patterns are among those priced g
below. Others are patterns occupying space we |
need in which to show new effects now arriving: 1
BrUSSelS 6 patterns worth 75c yd. for 50C. I
"Extra" Brussels s pts. s 5C y d. f Or 60c. |
BeSt TapeStry % patterns, *i.oo yd. for 68C. |
VelVetS 4 patterns worth % i . 1 5 yd. for 1.00 %
Body Brussels 6 pts. worth ?i. 5 o yd. for 1.15 I
Axminsters 9 p^cmsythjji.50 7 d. for 1.20 J
Your rooms measured, carpets well sewed,;' lined, and property laid at i-fj
'those prices — there's nothing extra to.pay'If you live across tho bay. U
QJ (~\ TV /f "C* Of those Big Madcap Rags left— a good assort- i
, )3.V_a1V1 J_4 ment. Bright patterns, good quality, , thorough ij
workmanship. ONE - FOURTH LESS than the carpet in them Is worth, g
.".'; Axminsters, Body Brussels, Velvets and Tapestrys— 3x6 to iox 12 feet; |
Plenty of light, room and time for a good selection. 'Come and sea them. H
KlirnitnrP-Pri^PQ In Ertf y Department a
rF UL^^^ and every line where |
there are "last pieces," and Incomplete sets, as well as those lines In which kj
many are so alike there is no choice, prices are 1T\ •% -t M
Many as much as ONE-THIRD. They must JtvCQllCCCl' S
go or . we can't show, samples of our complete , m
stocks, big as our store is. Rockers, chairs, divans, tables, dining - room |j
furniture — something for every need or taste — all marked In plain figures ||
V; "The Credit House." Six Stories High. v |
233,235 237 Post Street : Phone Prioate 37. 1FOOTPAD WHO WAS SENTENCED
TO TWENTY YEARS. IN SAN
QUENTIN BY JUDGE LAWLOB.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Jan. ; 18.-A" flr'e
destroyed the house of R. L.; Spears at
Harmony, seven miles east of this city
nnd burned to death "> his two-year-old
daughier.; Four children were sleeping in
the room In which thfc fire; started.: The
father succeeded in g'etting ; three of the
children- out , of the. house . and > was • him
self badly burned. Just. as he started. in
after the baby \ the roof fell in and the
child was* consumed by the flames.
One Child Is Burned to Death.
The men are strangers In Omaha,' They
were seen looking about the rooms where
the robbery occurred during the evening
but the proprietors say they lost no
money. The police think they are the
men who a week ago held up a Kansas
City poolroom and escaped with $1500
They are said to answer 'the description
given. by the Kansas City police, with
whom the local authorities will communi
cate. : .-..-¦
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 18.— Two robbers
with revolvers held up a dozen men in a
gambling-room over the saloon . of Cliff
Col-j at Fourteenth and Douglass streets
at 4 o'clock this morning and secured the
cash box and f 200 in money from the cus
tomers of the place. Ttoey were captured
ten minutes later by a squad of policemen.
They gave the names of Frank Williams
and Frank Jones. They said they • had
lost their money In the place and that
they thought their game was as fair as
that of the gambling-house. All of the
stolen money was recovered. ¦
Lost Money and Tried to
Regain It.
Prisoners Inform Officers -That They
TWO BOBBERS HOLD UP
MEN IIT A GAMBLING DEN
The first men to ascend Mount Blanc
were Balmat and Paccard, in 1786. They
gained the prize offered twenty-six years
before by Saussure for so doing. At pres
ent an average of fifty parties climb it
annually. - .' • . : • ' ' ¦ ¦. * .-.,.-
There are in the .United States 3000
lighthouses on the Atlantic, Pacific, Gulf
of Mexico and lakes, exclusive of beacons,
whistling buoys and" fog signals, operated
either by steam or clockwork.
A doctor can persuade a woman to have
almost anything amputated— except her
tongue.
A complaint in Intervention was filed
In th-3 United States Circuit Court yes
terday : by Assistant District Attorney
Charles L.. Weller in the case of Kim You
vs. . Willia'm P. Sullivan as Chief of *Po
*Hce, known as the Chinese lottery- ticket
case. The complaint alleges that of the
495 chests of blank lottery tickets seized
at various times by the police only forty
two were taken from the premises of Kim
You, and that any action for their recov
ery is barred by the statute of limita
tions. . ¦¦'¦•:• : .
Intervention in Lottery Cases.
t'- 1 v^ UGENE CAZENEAU. who was
convicted by a jury in Judge
"^ Lawlor's court Thursday of a
charge of assault to commit rob
bery upon Charles C. Romano, a
barber, on the night of October 20, while
the barber was going through an alley
way, off Broadway, to his 'resi
dence, appeared for sentence yesterday.
There was a prior conviction of burglary
in the first degree against Cazeneau, and
the Judge sentenced him to serve twenty
five years in San Quentin.
The Judge in passing sentence said:
".Owing t o the aggravated circumstances
surrbundlqg this defendant as he stands
before the court, and the marked preva
lence of deeds of robbery and violence in
this city, the court's duty Is clear." •
Judge Dunne also sent Robert Thomp
son, convicted of robbery, to San Quentin'
for fifteen , years. Thompson held up
James Hosle . of Brentwood on Folsom
street and relieved him of 5123. .
Henry Schaardt, convicted of criminal
assault upon a girl about 10 years of age
on the night of November 11, was sen
tenced to serve eight years In San Quen
tin, the jury having recommended him to
The outside rooms at Hermann and
Stanyan streets utilized by the Board of
Education for the overcrowded Hearst
School were condemned yesterday as un
sanitary by Chief Sanitary Inspector
Hassler. It was ascertained by Hassler
that there have been seven or eight cases
of diphtheria among the pupils during the
last month. Director Roncovierl made a
personal inspection of the roops in the
morning and found . a state of affairs
which boded illy for the health of the
rest of the pupils. He discovered that one
room was formerly used as a cloakroom
and forty-Sve pupils were huddled to
gether in a small space. Other unsanitary
conditior.s were noted and Roncovieri Im
mediately directed the attention of the
Health Department to the matter.
Condemns Outside Classrooms.
Says a rural editor: ' Owing to the over
crowded condition of our columns, a num
ber of births and deaths were unavoida
bly postponed this week."
Caught Between Two Wagons.
J. E. Cooley, a teamster residing . at 77
Harrison street, was treated .at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday by Dr.
Armistead , for injuries to his right leg
and arm. Cooley was standing In front
of his team on Broadway pier No. 1
when the horse became frightened and
started to run- away. He jumped In front
of; them, when they swerved to one side
and caught him between his own and an
other wagon which was standing along
side. In the collision Cooley was caught
and badly crushed. •.
the mercy of the court.
Jesse Smith, 16 years of age, who plead
ed guilty In Judge Cook's court to a
charge of robbery, appeared for sentence
yesterday. In . view j of his j youth the
Judge sent him to the Whlttler Reform
School'- and suspended sentence, but If he
misbehaved himself there he would be
returned to court and sent to the State
prison. He and another boy knocked
down and robbed William Ryan, a copper
smith,'on Jackson street, between Battery
and : Front, * on ' the- morning of
November 17. The previous night he took
J5 from the pocket of Joseph Llddy, a
sailor, In a saloon on Stuart street, and
was charged with grand larceny, but on
motion of the^Blstrict Attorney yester
day that charge was withdrawn. The
boy belongs In Fremont, Nebr., and ran
away from home.s
Sallle Jones, a colored girl, living at 7
Pinckney alley, and who was convicted
of simple assault by a jury In Judge
Cook's court, was sentenced yesterday to
serve three months ln the County Jail
or pay a fine of $175. - She threw a lighted
lamp at Policeman John Duane, burning
him severely. A charge of grand larceny,
against her was dismissed on motion of
the District Attorney.. . . /
Charles Cole, who was convicted of
stealing a large quantity of carpet from
the Indianapolis Furniture Company, was
sentenced to eight years' imprisonment
at San Quentin by Judge Dunne yester
day, y-
George Archer, who, with a woman
named Tillie Adarga, robbed a soldier of
two gold watches and. $80 in coin, was
sent to Folsom for nine years by the
same Judge. The Adarga woman, who
withdrew a plea of not guilty to a charge
of grand larceny and pleaded guilty to a
charge of petty larceny, was sent to the
County Jail fpr' ninety days.
A. G. Carlson was fined $40 by Judge
Dunne for assault, and Charles Morris, a
purse snatcher, was sentenced to serve
three years at Folsom. Charles W. Pat
ton pleaded guilty to a charge of forgery
and will be sentenced January 23.
Unless Dr. Max Magnus, physical di
rector of the Public School Department,
devotes more time to the performance of
his duties he will lose his position. Mag
nus was Informed of the complaints that
he has been rarely 6een at the schools
to exemplify the study of physical cul
ture to the pupils. He has agreed to be
more punctual in future.
The lot on the westerly side, which
Owen McHugh desired to sell at an ad
vanced price when he learned that the
city was the intended buyer, will not be
bought by the board, as the price de
manded is considered exorbitant.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and decided to purchase a lot 23x137:6
feet adjoining the east side cf the Fre
mont School. The purchase price is $3259,
and the lot will be utilized to build an ex
tension of eight rooms on the present
structure and to provide a playground
lor the pupils.
chase Lot for Purpose.
TO EH1LABGE FREIIONT SCHOOI*
Board of Education I>?cides to Pur-
The St. Louis Globe-Democrat suggests
that the World's Fair there in 1833 can
make a hit by giving a practical Illustra
tion of the best systems of public bath
ing facilities.
Mayor Schmitz attended his first meet
ing as chairman of the Public School
Teachers' Annuity and Retirement Fund
Commission yesterday. The meeting was
held in the office of Superintendent of
Schools Webster, who Is secretary of the
commission. The demands of thirty-one
annuitants were passed, each , receiving
590. The sum named is only 60 per cent
of the maximum allowed. Superintend
ent Webster informed the Mayor that the
condition of the funds would probably
result ln even a smaller amount being
paid as annuities at the next meeting,
which will be held three months hence.
The brotherhood will hold its next ses
sion at Chicago, to ."which city the general
headquarters of the brotherhood will soon
be moved.
John Mulligan, Xew England States; Frank
W. Cute, Pennsylvania and Ohio; F. W. Forst
ing, New York and New Jersey; Frank Massey,
Texas; James Byrne, California and Nevada;
H. C Coffroth. Arizona and New Mexico; W.
J. Pinkerton, Missouri and Kansas; Messrs.
Jackson and McConnack, Chicago; H. P.
Smith, Oregon and Washington; L.. B. Mun
6on. Utah and Montana; L. H. Barnes, Okla
homa, Arkansas and Indian Territory; James
Donnelly, Indiana and Indianapolis;- J. A. Mon
roe, Montreal and Canada.
C. M. Hurlbut was elected chairman of
the board of directors.
The following division vice presidents
were selected:
President. Trainmaster George Kstes, Rose
burg, Or.; first vice president, Engineer D. J.
Byrnes, Portland, Or.; second vice president,
Conductor F. J. Massey. Fortmouth, Tex.;
general auditor. Telegrapher B. A. Meyer,
Ocean View, Cal. Board of directors — Engi
neer James Hewitt, San Jose. Call. ; Fireman
G. A. Dalton. Ogden, Utah; Conductor W. II.
French. Oakland. Cal.: Trainman W. A. Wren.
Roseburg. Or.; Stationman W. E. Tyrrell, San
Francisco; Telegrapher C. M. Hurlbut. Den
ver, Colo.: Freight Handler H. P. Ford, Oak
land. CaL; Switchman C. H. Sims, Oakland,
Cal.; Carman Joseph Shavr, Sacramento; Shop
man T. J. Jones. Butte, Mont: Brldgeman
Jackson Everett. Portland, Or.; Trackman II.
Faulkner.- Roseburgr. Or.
The convention of railway men, which
has been in session for the last week, ad
journed at midnight. The most important
matters which came Wrore it in its clos
ing hours were the election of officers and
the adoption of an insurance plan. Three
features covering every possible contin
gency were decided upon. The convention
provided for the payment of life insurance
of its members on the annuity basis and
straight life insurance, and also made
provision for the payment of insurance
to those who became permanently dis
abled by accident or old age. In the lat
ter case members, when they become 70
years of age, will be paid the amount of
insurance benefits in ten yearly payments,
or should they become permanently dis-:
abled by accident or from other 'cause
they will receive the full amount of the
insurance in full or in yearly installments.
The following officers were elected, to
serve two years:
San Francisco Division No. 10 of the
United Erotherhood of Railway Employes
grave a banquet last night at Pioneer Kali
to celebrate the close of the first biennial
session of the brotherhood. Covers were
laid for about VOO railroad employes from
all sections of the country and a few :iir
vited guests, including Mayor Schmitz
and several other city officials. Every
body who attended enjoyed the feast Im
mensely.
Only Sixty Per Cent of
Maximum Allowance
for Beneficiaries.
Brotherhood of Rai'way
Men Adjourns Its
Convention
TEACHERS' ANNUITY
FUND IS MEAGER
CLOSE SESSION
WITH A BANQUET
Shroff, according to the description
given the police by his late cu3todlans
at Alcatraz, is 26 years old, 5 feet V> f 2
inches tall, has brown eyes, is of
r uddy complexion and wore a bro-srn
mustache. He was dressed in regulation
blue pantaloons and shirt.
Shroff has served two years of his sen
tence. He was a trusty and took advan
tage of the comparative freedom his
duties gave him to escape. Lieutenant
Lloyd, wfio^was officer of the day and as
such was responsible for the safe cus
tody of the prisoners, was also in charge
when Frank H. Holt escaped in a dry
goods box.
Cordlnelli took the half-drowned man
to his house, supplied him with dry un
derwear, gave him breakfast and lent
him half a dollar. Shroff then disap
peared, and the police,, who were notified
of the escape by the military authorities,
have so far been unable to locate him.
Abel J. Shroff, a military prisoner
serving a three-year sentence for a crime
cpmmitted In the Philippines, escaped
yesterday from Alcatraz Island on a
plank. He was picked up at 6 o'clock
in the morning by two fishermen. Paul
Cordineli and Antonio Alilo, to whom he
told a story of a. hunting trip spollc-d by
the capsizing of his skiff.
The skiff had disappeared, he said, and
but for. the providential presence In bis
vicinity of a plank. he would surely have
drowned. He was capsized, he said, at 2
a. m. and was just about to let go the
plank when the fishermen sighted him.
He told his rescuers that he lived in Sau
salito and that his- name was Frank Pen
nell.
Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, Bishop; Rev. John
Bake veil, D.D., Oakland; Rev. E. H. Benson.
Santa Clara; Rev. W. M. Bowers, San Fran
cisco; Rev. J. T. Ryan, Berkeley; Rev. W. A.
Brewer, San llateo; Rev. H. Chetwood, Pacific
Grove; Rev. E. B. Church. Rev. F. W; Clam
pett. D.D., and Rev. A. S. Clark. San Fran
cisco; Rev. H. B. Collier. Watsonville; Rev. J.
A. Emery, Corte Madera; Rev. R. C. Foute,
San Francisco; Rev. N. B. W. Uallwey, Menlo
Park; Rev. L. C. Sanford, San Francisco; Rev.
W. C. Shaw, Oakland; Rev. G. E. Swan', Berke
ley; Rev. C. O. Tlllottson, Santa Cruz; Rev. A.
Todhunter, Redwood. City; J. P. Turner, San
Francisco; Rev. W. F. Venables t San Jose;
Rev. J. H. Waterman, Fowler; Rev. B. M.
Welden, San Francisco; Rev. C. M. Westlake,
Salinas; Rev. M. D. Wilson, San Francisco;
Rev. A. C. Wilson, Sausallto; fiev. J. B.. Gass
man. Alameda; Rev. C. D. GaFdner, Palo Alto"
Rev. W. Hall, D.D., San Rafael; Rev. W. A.
Hamilton. Mill Valley; Rev. H. S. Hanson,
Fresno; Rev. C. Hitchcock, San Rafael; Rev.
C. M. Hoge, Monterey; Rev. J. Hulme, Oak
land; Rev. S. Innes, San Francisco: Rev. E.
Johnson, Alameda; Rev. G. H. Jenks, Merced;
Rev. I). O. Kelley, San Francisco; Rev. F. J.
Lacey. D.D., Alameda; Rev. C. N. Lathrop,
San Francisco;. Rev. H. Lee, Berkeley; Rev.
S. J. Lee, San Francisco; Rev. J. O. Lincoln'
San Mateo; Rev. C. S. Llnsiey, Sonora; Rev. K
J. Lion. San Francisco; Rev. "W. Lucas, Beii ¦
Lomond; Rev. Clifton Macon, San Francisco;-!
Rev. A. A. McAllister, San Francisco; Rev. D. !
McClune, Oakland; Rev. J. S. McGowan, Mon
terey; Rev. C. H. Mockridge, San Jose; Rev. H
B. Monzes, San Francisco; Rev. E. Morgan
Bakersfield; Rev. F. J. Mynard, Hanford; Rev
J. W. Nichols, Sati Francisco; Rev. J. O'Meara '
Oakland; Rev. H. Parrish, San Francisco; Rev'
E. L. Parsons, San Mateo; Rev. H. H. Powell
San Mateo; Rev. H. A. "R. Ramr.ay. Kern; Rev
T. L. Randolph, Alameda; Rev. M. N. Ray
Oakland; Rev. M. M. Rlley. San Francisco;
Rev. R. Ritchie. Oakland; Rev. J. C. Robblns
Los Gates; Rev. J. Nicholas, Fresno.
The following named clergymen will be
in attendance:
Those Who Will Attend.
The trouble In St. Paul's Church be
tween certain of the members of the
congregation and the rector is expected
to come up on appeal, though -parish re
bellions, as a rule, get but scant cour
tesy In diocesan conventions. /There are,
it is said, complaints as to the manage
ment of the orphan asylum at San Ma
teo, and of the boys' home in this city,
charges of extravagance and fruitlessness
of results being , made, which may be
brought to the notice of the convention.
At all events, the coming council and the
possible results of its consultations are
regarded with some dread by conserva
tive churchmen, who fear that conten
tion may arise over some of the numer
ous and burning questions there are to
be discussed.
Father Parrish heads the movement to
oust Van Bokkelin and ls reported to
have strong support.
There are rumors that a fight is to be
made against the present treasurer of the
diocese, who is said to be objectionable to
a large number of the clergy of the Jur
isdiction. The organ of the diocese, in its>
last issue, referred to the treasurer as an
"ecclesiastical bully," with an inclina
tion to run things to suit himself.
Fight Against Treasurer.
The movement of the low church ele
ment of the diocese inaugurated by.W.'
A. M. Van Bokkelin, diocesan treasurer,
is likely to-. occasion a good deal of trou
ble and require all the authority of the
Bishop to prevent it becoming a scandal
to all good churchmen. The churches
where extreme ritual is practiced are the
Advent and St. Mary's of San Francisco
and St. John's of Oakland, with imita
tions in several other parishes and sym
pathizers, now in the minority, but as a
body rapidly growing, which are to be
found in every parish in the diocese. The
"broad" churchmen art> looking in
may at the rapid progress of the ."high"
church element In the diocese. It is a
cause of complaint that all the new ttteo
logians of the San Mateo Seminary are
infected with the advanced idea. 1 The
Bishop belongs to no school, but, it is
said, makes no attempt to discourage any
of the practices of the ultra ritualistic
churches. Both parties to the contro
versy are preparing for the fray and live
ly discussions a're predicted.
Low Church Element.
The annual convention of the. Episco
palian Diocese of California, which meets
in. St. John's Church, San Francisco, on
AVednesday morning, January 28, promises
to be the largest in poirtt of attendance
and ihe most Interesting. of all that have
met ln the fifty-nine years In which the
diocese has been organized as an inde
pendent province of the church'. Antici
pations of conflict" between the various
schools of thought in the church are rife,
and there are rumors that certain individ
uals, charged wtih being too "autocratic
and outspoken in their, relations to the
clergy, are to. be disciplined, if not re
lieved of their functions altogether. V .
The diocesan board of missions, which
has direction of the missionary work of
the church, is criticized for its sensa
tional relinquishment of the bounty from
the general board, whereby a large finan
cial responsibility has been added to the
heavy burdens of the diocese ' without a
corresponding benefit resulting from the
action.
There is considerable criticism in cer
tain quarters in regard to the large sal
ary paid to the Venerable Archdeacon
Emery. Too much money, it ls said, is
wasted In salaries for, oversight, while the
compensation of the hard-worked mis
sionaries is reduced to a bare living. De
mands- are increasing for more churches
and stations in the outside communities
of the diocese, which . cannot, • it is
claimed, be met while such extravagant
amounts are expended for doubtful enter
prises engaged in by, the church.
Drifts With the Tide Until
Picked Up By a
Fisherman.
FinaDces and Ritualism Are
Matters ' That Wil 1
Take Lead.
Another Prisoner Es
capes From Alcatraz
Island.
Ghurchmen Concerned
Over the ; Ensuing>
' Convention.
RIDES A PLANK
TO HIS LIBERTY
EPISCOPALIANS
ARE EXPECTANT
Gazeneau Is Sentenced toiTwenty-Five and
Thompson to Fifteen Years for Robbery,
and Charles Cole, Thief, to Ei8[ht Years
WRATH OF THE LAW FALLS
HEAVILY UPON HIGHWAYMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL - SUNDAY, /JANUARY 19, 1902.
26
OCEAN TEAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j Tl Steamers leave Broadway
I ifc^V^ Wharf. Baa Francisco:
£££<£*;»>_ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
K^wjiw^xV—^ Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
ISrfedC?^ m., Jan. 11, 16, 21. 2fl. 31,
P*i\*££i \$1 Feb - 6 - Change to company's
i raSe^^V&i&l steamers at Seattle.
*>C*A3JV'*sAJ For Victoria. Vaneour-r.
ilA Pert Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New What-
ctm— 11 a. m.7*Jan. 11. 18. 21. 26. 31. Feb. ».
Changs at Seattle to this company's »teainer3
for Alaska and G. N. Ky.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 12. 17, 22. 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) Steamer Santa Bcsa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of CaL. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
• For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crus.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harfora
(San Luis Oblspo), •Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Huencme. East San Pedro, Saa
Pedro and •Newport CBonita only).
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 2. 10. 18. M, Feb. S.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30. Feb. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia and Gnaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m., «th of each
For furtlier Information obtain folders.
Right 1*. reserved to cfcanga steamers or s*n-
OFTrrCE^-* New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteD.
G0ODALL.PERKIN3 & CO.. Gen. Agents.
. 10 Markat St.. Ban Francisco.
O.Ft.& N.CO.
Only Steamalilp Xilne to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
point*, «' I rail oi* steamship nnd roil, at
IiOTTESO 1 RATES.
STEAK EH TICKETS 1NCLCDE BEHTH an* X2ALS.
SS COLUMBIA SaHs
Jan. 13, 23; Feb. 2. 13. 23,
63. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. ..........
Jan. 18, 28; Feb. 7. II
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m,
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Qen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.S.y.
SPECIAL
EXCURSION RATES
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful "Winter Trip. Only $80. Includ-
ing- Meals and Berth, for the Round Trip. Pa-
cific Coast S. S. Co.'s Steamer Curacao, sallinsr
from San Francisco February 7, March T ana
April 7. due back . 27th of each month, will
call at the following- Mexican ports: Ensenada.
Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan.
Altata. La Pal Santa' Rosalia ¦ and Guaymas.
For $20 additional excursionists can return from,
Guaymas by rail. .
For further particulars Inquire *t Ticket
Office. 4 New Montgomery St., or 10 Market
St.. San Francisco.
TOYO EISEN EAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 9. m,-
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting; at Hongkong with steamers tar
India, etc. Ko cargo received on board oa
dr.y of salllns.
sa HONGKONG MARU
.....Thursday. January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 23th, 1903
S3. AMERICA MARU .....77..
¦ Friday. March 21st. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Slid Americana tie Vauores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from, How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL Feb. 6 PALENA .... Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15 COLOMBIA
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SIC California street.
BALFOXJR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen Agents.
PANAMA R, R, "HS?
TO NEW YQRX VIA PANAMA OIREST.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll tails Tuesday, dan. 23
S. S. Leelanaw cnils Monday, Feb. 3
*>. 6. Argyll sails Monday. Mar. 1O
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 830 Market et-
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
C0HPA0NI3 GENERAL'S TBANSATLaNTIOTJ
DIKECT LINE: TO HAVRE-PARIS -^»_
Calling every Thursday. Instead cti&ffyjR*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from plsr 43,-SSlSfeS
North River, toot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon.l
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson butldins). Naw
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 8 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets >nld by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEH3.
FOBl^Tii^^ VALLEJ)
Steamers GEN. FRI3BE3 or KONTICELD
»:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:SO x>. m.. except Sua-
V .^iJ J °.*_ *¦"»•. 12:30 noon. <i p. nj.. except
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* M
«52^ ?* leT ?> hoa £, Mala 160a * Landln« and
?.S?fe pl#r *• Mte»lo»-itr««6 <ioc*. HATCH
ADVEBTISEaCENTS. £
& To Qerms
B COUGHS
Jjk CATARRH
i3$r Croup
That coughs, catarrh, croup, bronchitis,
pneumonia anri consumption are caused
solely by germs is now admitted by ev-
ery honest med!cal man. that these .
germs are located' in the air passages and J
cannot be destroyed excepting by direct j
application cannot be denied.
That HYOMEI ls the only germicide of i
sufficient power to destroy these gfenns
and the only one which can be Inhaled
is positively proven by the reports of the j
Bureau of .Vital Statistics in Washing-
ton, which show that this remedy has- re-
duced the death rate from these diseases '
34 per cent ln one year. And by a recent
editorial in the, United States Health
Reports, which says that this reduction
is due to the use of HYOilEI alone, and
that no other remedy or treatment had
anything whatever to do with It.
COUGHS of any description cannot
exist after the germs causing the same
are killed.
By' breathing HTOMEI for a few mln-
utes daily you destroy these germs com-
pletely.
CROUP germs disappear within 20
minutes after the first Inhalation of HT-
OMEI is taken.
ORDINARY COUGHS are cured la
twenty-four hours.
BRONCHITIS. In from one to six
days.
CATARRH and CONSUMPTION
germs are eradicated in from two to six
weeks.
. If you doubt this, send to The R. T. Booth
Co., Ithaca. N. Y.. for a five days' treatment
free. - If you haven't time to do so, ask your
druggist for a HTOMEI Outfit The price la Jl.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| BL KATsSsKi I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO, |
I 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISC3. |
I WE DON'T WANT MONEY. §
I WE NEED THE SPACE 1
H Stock-taking: is fast approaching u
l and- we do not propose to have a J9
H short line or any odds -or- ends ln n
m the house. THEY MUST GO, and N
H we have placed' the. prices so low H
H as to Interest even a person who M
m does not need shoes. Look the pi
m sizes over, and if you see your size h
Q COME TO THE STORE AT I
a ONCE. Do not let thi3 chance pas3. E
Bi SPECIAL SALE OF MEN'S CON- E
g GRESS GAITERS in patent leath- I
H er. Alaska seal and French calf. L*
H Odd sizes and short lines RE- j
Kj DUCED TO 81.30 a pair. W>
9 have the following sizes: 6 to 9&, ¦
g widths A to D. .• . '
H Ladles* Southern ties and kid 1
n oxfords, short lines mixed together, §S
m narrow and broad toes, welts and i
N turns, leather and French- wooded i
a heels. All sold • at ONE PRICE i
m 7f»c. Sizes 3 to 8, widths AA to 5
gj EE. . . |
I YOUNG LADIES', MiodES' H
AND CHILDREN'S DRESS 9
SHOES— Fine vicl kid. made in ff]
button and lace, made on swell h
spring heel lasts. The selling price II
almost cut in half, but shoes must i!
Ibe sold. "Widths A to E. H
Child's sizes 8% to 11.... 7Oe If
Misses' sizes IIV2 to 2 8Oc n
Young ladies' sizes 2% to oH-.OOc ™
H LADIES' SHOES AT «1.35i Q
I Some extra good values still in B
3 stock. Sizes 3 to 8, widths AA to t
™ B. ' Remember, these shoes sold H
a for $2.50 and $3.00.- ¦ - fcl
H WE DO NOT GUARANTEE TO B
9 FILL COUNTRY ORDERS on any H
j of the above shoes or oxfords, as R
i the stock is limited and we have H
¦ not full sizes. g*
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
I 10 THIRD STREET. |j
m San Francisco. n
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a* m
St. Paul Jan. 29 St. Paul. . . ... .F e ™'lO
St. Louis ...... Feb. 5 St. Louia ..;... Feb '
Philadelphia ...Feb. 12 Philadelphia ..Mar 5
RED STAR LINE.
. New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon
. Vaderland . Jan. 201 Haverford . . Feb in
Kensington Feb. 5 Frlesland .. Feh "ft
Zeeland Feb. 12! Southwark .' M«r 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
- CHAS. D. TAYLOR
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery **'
». - ¦ - ¦ , DIRECfLlNETOTAHITL
SS. ALAMEDA, . for Honolulu . ..:...
Saturday, Jan. 25 "•'oV'o'A'*—
SS.' SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa,"' Auck-
land and Sydney.... Thurs.V Feb. 6 10 am
j. D.SPHECKELS i BROS. CO., Sutra, Agents 327 «i M
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
ENSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
L. W.' K.VAPP, M. D.
Hoiv or.r man mar quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely, braced
j-ears cf suffering from sexual weakness, loot me u l>- I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc.. and en- aDd y° u cannot realize how happy I am."
larse Email, weak organs to fu!l size and vigor ' <D «ar Sir— Your method worked beautifully.
Simply Bend your name and address to Dr. L. 1 ntal^d !n^ nS£h
W. Kaipn.UjlH.ll building. Wetrolt. Mich.. Lrgemfnt Is^entl^BafisfJto?^ "
and he will dadly send the free receipt with "Dear Sir— Yours was received and t *** ««
full aiwcuon. so that any man may easily cure trouble In Z&to?v£ It the re^eip? as !d!StSS'
Hmself sxt hemt. This is certainly a most gea- and can truthfully say it is a boon to weak
ZZ S £Sr5S**£S?%& 3 SS-^gs * reatIy lmproved ln Bize ' « u^
hJB Kcnerioslty: . Ail coiTespondence ls strictly conHdentlaL
"Dear Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks mailed In plain. . sealed envelope. The receiDt
for yours of recent date. I have given your ls free for the asking and he wants every man
treatment a thcrough test and the benefit Uaa to have lt« *
I A $20 ELECTRIC BELT FOR 85. f
( :^XRyy^i(4/ A REGENT LETTER |
> J^^^^^/^^^^^'^ 1 ?/ >i!^*^^^l SANTA ROSA, Cal.. m
i Agents "Dr! n 'Alden Eke- ©
\ iT$KP2^**^i T* V ,/ i|V\ J^oi trI ° Belt -" • o
t l'fflMSteTl * \\?/y^ 'i ; lli Gentlemen: I received O
* m {'Ml^^^^g^^s^^^T^^isr, Tizm&rXmiv, iM your Belt ln ' due tIme - and ©
I \WMw^^^^^^^^^^^^^r\w\lfV des ' re t0 say that " ls the •
* WOre and the cu «ent ls very S
P >J5^5'^ i **<^S * Vjrt Htf>y s^^*^^ powerful. In fact I don't *)
w ¦ ~- ¦ ?'~ '* zfli v8&v*^ - - - ' see why, any one should pay 0%
9 ' {w,] VK • hlsh prices for electric ; belts when the Aldeq Z
9 tff * 2ftC- : Belt '¦-¦ at only flve u °»ara Is to - be had. It S
>-v • — H- *))"•*• Beems t0 be a perfect electricar appliance in A
I : - . •^S'tV/T' , everv w . a y- VI shall -recommend to ¦ all my Z
9 : ¦ -*/v^rv^"* ¦¦'¦¦• frlen<i8 ' wno need a belt. Tours truly, a
I Letters ln praise of this Belt are coming- In from all parts/many con-- •
I tainlng expressions such as:. ."A WONDERFUL BELT; IT CURED -MY O
9 BACK"; "BETTER-BELT THAN I PAID DR. £- $20 FOR"; "ITS '•
9 .ELECTRIC CURRENT IS VERY STRONG"; "I WANT TWO OF THEM," •
> . etc.. etc.; etc ¦ r - ,- ¦ -¦ ¦ ¦ -' . — - - •••:-•. - . • ¦¦.-•¦.¦,-,.-.. . ~ _ . . , a
I The Alden Belt (with suspensory for men) will be sent free by reels-.. 2
I . tered mall to any address on receipt of FIVE DOLLARS. .Circulars free. 2
I Call on or address the sole* agents, \ g
| PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, or : I
»©©oee««©eco9©oe999©©®o©e©«ooto««©9ee®©eoo9o§
" " ADVEBTISEKENTS. ; ;_____' /
\CATHARTIC
GUARANTEED COI 15 for ell bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
blood, wind on tbe stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
pains cfter catir.g, liver trouble, sa!Jpw complexion and dixriness. When your bowelt
don't move regularly you are sick. Constipation tills nore people than all other diseases
together. It is a starter for tho chronic cilmrnt3 and lone years of Buffering that come
tfienvcrds. Ko matter what ails yoa, stnrt talcing CAECARETS today, for you will never
ert well c.-& bs well all the tit=e until you put your bowels right. Take our advice, start
with Cascarct3 to*Vy under en absolute guarantee to cure or money refunded. • Sample
and booklet free. Address Stsrlicg Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 50a 'Negroes Visit the President.
HOLLIDAYSBURG. Pa.. Jan. 18.— The
Ephraim W. Mentzer executors to-rloy
entered suit In the Blair County Court
against the Pennsylvania Railroad Com
pany to recover the sum of $768,000. The
late Mentzer was a ¦ coal operator and
shipper.. It Is alleged that during - the
years 18S0 and 1859 the railroad company
granted many secret rebates and draw
backs to, Mentzer's competitors in the
coal business, to his financial, detriment.
The plaintiffs claim that they only recent
ly gained knowledge of these secret con
cessions and now , sue to recover . treble
damages under an act of Assembly of
June 4, 1883. • ¦ ¦ ' ¦ \
Sue Railroad for Thousands.
¦ Julius Kruttschnitt. for the . Southern
Pacific Company, ordered yesterday from
the East 75,000 tons of steel rails of.elghty
pounds weight. These rails will be used
throughout different divisions and will be
a great improvement over those now In
use. .
Orders 75,000 Tons of Bails,
. Following the initiative of the Penn
sylvania, the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
road has added $20,000,000 to ! its capital
for the purpose of reducing the grades of
.its main j line and equipping Its branches
in Ohio | and "-West - Virginia to handle
heavy. freight. '-"Most of these constituent
lines, notably the Pittsburg and Western,
Cleveland, Lorain and Wheeling; and the
The New York' Central plans call 'for
•an underground loop at ; the Grand Cen
tral station and changes in the construc
tion of the Park avenue tunnel at an es
timated cost of more than $40,000,000. This
sum,' It is expected, will be spent; between,
now and January 1, 1933, in addition to
55,000,000 'for- the betterment of- the.'sys
tem between New York and Buffalo. ¦ .
By far the largest sum, will.be spent
by the Pennsylvania- Ballroad \ Company,
which has set aside $27,000,000 for eaulp
ment and physical improvements "of- the,
system and. initial work on the tunnel
and terminal in this city.
'lias extraordinary total does 'not Jn-
ClUde the millions usually charged up to
«fcperatir.&- expenses/but covers the cost
of cJKBir.g turmels in New. Yorjff City . ar.d
elsewhere, improving road bear for thou
sands of miles with ballast and one nil
lion tons of steel rails, new bridges,- cars,
locomotives, etc. The effect of these plans
.upon the . steel Industry, has already been
felt ln;a renewal of activity in the mills,
insuring a prosperous year alike for the
manufacturers and the ¦ men. j ;
NEW YORK, Jan. 18. — Enormous expen
ditures aggregating $200,000,000 will- be
made by the railroads of the United
States during the current year if the
plans announced; by the several big com
panies are fulfilled. -.. .' ;
Eseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Pennsylvania Company the
Leader in Vast Appro
priation.
Music in the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered -by the Golden Gate Park Band this
afternoon:
Overture, "The Agony of Tantalus".... Suppe
Waltjc, "Danube Waves" Ivanovici
Descriptive, '"Dream Picture" Lumbye
Morceau. ' "Badinage" Tobani
Fantasia. "Columbus" (descriptive). .Hermann
Grand march. "Coronation" Ellenberg
Barytonn solo, , "Concert Polka"..*. ........ ......
Composed and performed by AV. H. Colverd.
Selection, "Mlgnon" Thomas
Morceau. "Little Kinkles" Tobanj
March. "American Citizen"
Eugene E. Sohmltz, Mayor of San Francisco.
Colossal Sum Is Set Aside
! for Great Improve
r inents.
MILLIONS TO
BE EXPENDED
BY RAILWAYS
Delegates from all the local groves of
the United Ancient Order of Druids held
a meeting in ithe Druids' Temple last
night for the purpose of making arrange
ments to hold a joint memorial service In
memory of those members of the order
who have .passed away during' the last
twelve months. James Hagan was elected
chairman of the general committee, ' J. J.
Molllson secretary and L. MJ Fabry treas
urer. A plan of service was submitted
and indorsed and the delegates were in
structed to report to their, respective
groves to ascertain if It will meet with
their approval. It was also decided to
ask the circles of the Order- of Druldesses,
the chapter branch of the Druids and the
Past Noble Arch Association to take part.
The date for the service will bo selected
at the next' meeting. "'.. V
Druids' Memorial Service.
' The announcement is made ' that the
Union Pacific and Southern Pacific com
panies, which are under joint ownership,
plan Improvements and extensions during
the year to cost approximately $25,000,000.
Many natural obstacles must be over
come before these properties are placed
on the plane desired by. their owners.
The Atchison is in much the same po
sition, and not to be outdone by its neigh
bors this company has outlined plans for
extensions and betterments that will cost
$25,000,000. From $15,000,000 to $20,000,000, it
is said.. will be expended by, the Northern
Pacific. The Burlington T Great Northern
combination Is perfecting the physical
conditions of these systems. The Illinois
Central outlay will l ; be 513,000,000. .- The
Erie and Lackawanna plan to put $3,000,
000 and $2.000,000,. respectively, into im
provements.. The ,- Pittsburg and Lake
Erie promises to build a four-track line for
sixty-nine miles at a cost of $5,000,000, and
a dozen other important systems have
plans on hand which '.will involve an out
lay of about $38,000,000. -.
Railroad V men . say that these ¦ vast Im
provements reflect the prosperity of the
country, % The money spent f or*»lmprqve
ments, they believe,' is a godd investment,
which will yield handsome - returns In
trafficY':- .-¦ ': : '---,-.vI't.:-:, ; /.I'/' -."¦'•}'¦"."'
Rebellion in Country Said to Have
Narrowed. Down to Operations
:. > by Guerrillas.
. COLON, Jan. 18.— Advices received here
to-day announce that 1 the Government
troops at Panama are ready to depart by
steamers for the coast to attack the In
surgents. News was received at Panama
thaV insurgent forces had embarked on
their own vess'els and that their destina
tion was unknown. ' .
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.- Dr. Antonio Jose
Cavlvid. private secretary of President
Marroquin of Columbia, and General
Manuel Maria Mallarino, ex-Minister of
War, have arrived . here from Panama.
. Their mission, It is said, Is to 'dispose of
the Government emerald' mines at Muza,
a department of Boyaca. ' -.
At present the Colombian Government
is said to receive a monthly rental cf
$36,000 for the use of the mines, but the
financial stagnation' of .the country and
the expense of maintaining a large army,
make it necessary for them to sell some
of them outright. Regarding the Insurrec
tion. General Mallarino said:
"The rebellion has narrowed uown to
operations by a few scattered bands of
guerrillas, tavho, I: am sure, will soon be
suppressed./
Ohio River railroads are below the stand
ard of efficiency required to make them
profitable adjuncts of the parent system,
and It is not unlikely that bonds will be
Issued to cover the cost of v needed'im
provements. u Altogether it is probable
t hat the Baltimore j and Ohio will expend
§25,000,000 this year in -perfecting Its ma
chinery. ' -
COLOMBIAN TBOOPS
. TO ATTACK INSTTBGENT3
this country. Special training Is re
quired to perform the various feats. Some
of the most proficient members of. the
Burlingame Country Club are expected
to participate in the coming event. The
contest for Saturday afternoon will be
especially Interesting, as Manager Alonro
has arranged a programme that includes
only the champions of the game. This
sport is one of the most exciting .ball
games. It has held sway for centuries In
the Basque provinces and is popular with
the people of the Iberian* peninsulas. In
United States Consul General John K.
Gowdy paid a tribute to the late,Presi
dent McKinley. He pointed out that the
confidence in President Roosevelt is -so
great that the onward march of pros
perity has never slackened. "President
Roosevelt's "patriotism and stanch prin
ciples," declared Gowdy, "will continue
to bear us on the great wave of pros
perity."
Alluding to the Franco-American com
mercial treaty President Kimbel ex
pressed regret that its advantages were
not yet sufficiently understood in the
United States, adding that he was con
vinced Its needs would shortly-become
imperatively felt. The year's report of
the chamber testified to its flourishing
condition. Its increased membership and
work necessitated " extensive quarters,
which. It Is expected, will be further .In
creased in the near future. Regret was
expressed that the United States Con
gress had not established the metric sys
tem. The chamber is convinced that the
adoption of this system will further de
velop foreign commerce with the United
States.
PARIS, Jan. 18.— Patriotic sentiment and
warm sympathy with France were the
keynotes of to-night's annual banquet
and meeting of the American Chamber
of Commerce in Paris. . Francis Kimbel,
president of the chamber, emphasized
the former in his opening speech, propos
ing a toast to President Roosevelt and
President' Loubet and _, saying that all
Americans abroad took pride in declaring,
after the ancient Romans, "Civis Ameri
canus sum." .
quet of the Chamber of
. Commerce.
Interesting Speeches Made at a Ban-
AMERICANS IjST PARIS
GIVE PKAISE TO FRANCE
THE Doctor's Daughters are busy
at present arranging for the ben
efit to be tendered them by Man
ager Fermln Alonzo of the Eder
. Jal game on Saturday next. The
society receives the entire box office re
ceipts for that day, and the friends of
the Doctor's Daughters, who know the
society's philanthropic work, are sub
scribing for boxes with a rapidity that
assures social and financial success.
The Spanish ball game, with its mar
velous possibilities, has become a rage In
Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. Daniel Drysdale,
Mrs. E. O. McCormick, Mrs. F. "W. Tallant,
Mrs. Alfred E. Tubbs, Mrs. Austin Tubbs.
Mrs. . Thomas Magee Jr., Mrs. W. P. Fuller,
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Walter E. Dean,
Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs. Fletcher Ryer (i Mrs.
George McNear Sr., Mrs. H. M. A. MillerJMliis
Spreckels, Miss Dolbeer, Miss Blair, M183 I la
ger, Mrs. Clinton Worden, Joe Tobln Jr., An
drew Welch, Miss Hopkins. . Webster Jones,
Mrs. McCartney and Mrs. Horace Plllsbury. :
the playing of It dexterity, strength, mus
cular energy; and a trained eye are neces
sary, and there is an element of danger
which renders it fascinating. Two games
and a tournament will be played on Sat
urday next. During the play there will
be band-music and the time wlll.be pleas
antly spent ' for the spectators. If the
weather Is 'rainy the game will take place
on the first following clear Saturday.
The Doctor's Daughters and Sherman,
Clay &. Co. have tickets- at $1, -also Mlas
McEwen, the president, 2425 Washington
street, and Miss Jennie Blair, vice presi
dent,-Hotel Richelieu. Miss Blair has
charge . of the boxes as well. They are
being sold at $10 each.
The following named ladies and gentle
men have taken boxes: . . '
PROMINENT "DOCTOR'S DAUGH
TER" AND GROUP OF EXPERTS
WHO WILL PLAY FOR CHARITY.
Reception— P. J. Fay, John Mahar, D.
F. Dougherty, P. J. Whelan, J. Renn,
H. H. McGowan, T. B. Mahoney, P. J.
Buckley, D. Cameron, W. H. Barry, Ed
Long, James C. Murphy, Joseph Plunkett
and W. J. Phelan. _ \
Floor Manager— Charles de la-Tontalne;
assistants, Loula E. Brown; R. D. Barton,
J. E. Welch, L. I. Marks, H. M. Locke.
Frank Tyrrell, T. F. Mclntyre, A. Athan
asaide, George Ahrens, B. F. Ames Jr.,
Charles Kehoe,, George W. Yo3t, W.
Fleisher.
Arrangements— I. C. Gross, chairman;
Fred W. Fahrenholtz, secretary; J. C.
Daily, J. F. O" Connor. T. C. McAuliffe.
Interlocutor, G. K. Cheney; x bones, "W.
W. Brackett, Miss Gertrude". Ingham,
William. Scott: tambos, Elton Lambert,
Miss Flossie English, S. Spiro; opening
chorus, "Sail Ho," "Throw Out the Life
Line," the company; a turn on the bones.
William Scott; solo, Mrs. Ed I Burns;
"Mamie," Miss Ingham; "The King of
All," G. K. Cheney; "Ann Ellzer," S.
Spiro; "Stay In Your Own Yard," Flossie
English; "Adrift," Jack Harris;. "Molly
Shannon," J. W.' Fisher; "Rip Van Win
kle," W.;W.. Brackett; solo, Mrs. Margo;
"Minnewawa,"' Elton Lambert. *
The following were the committees who
made the affair so successful:
The San Francisco Letter Carriers' Mu
tual Aid Association, assisted by the Co
lumbia Minstrel Company, gave an enter
tainment and dance to a packed house
last evening at Golden Gate Hall. The
entertainment was given under the direc
tion of TV. W. Brackett. The following
are the programme and performers: -
Letter Carriers Give Dance.
Argentina's Minister to Chile.
BUEXOS ATTtES. Jan. lS.-The Minis
ter of .AsTictilture. Eenor Waaceslao Ks
caiaste, vrill be appointed Argentina'?
Minister to Chile.
Ihiriss: the evening the Gaelic Choral
Society will render Irish pongs and glees.
M'.nn* Dempsey, Haggle Culllaan. Mrs.
Jiffifcs Smith, Hannah Walsh. Josephine K»
gar. Mary Foye. Etta P-cadun. Emily Doyle.
S3. Earsc. Molly H-nnessj-. MjmtsI- \Vo5ds.
Slary Fitzgerald. X)el:ah Curran. Annie Uor
r;s»*y, Harsian JicCanliv. Annie Lrnch. l;i
x..e Kagen, M'.sses -GcIJ. Disznond, Costello and
Sl&Cpie Birry, Jatn«s Smith. Joseph )'. KeUe
h<?r. Jolin J. CVCcr-scr. O. B. nielly. M. J.
Mission. T. J. Ker.ney, T. J. Mellett. William
aiuryfcy. J)ave Reedy, 11- Cahlll, D. McCarthy.
\Vi]l:*m Lynch, ilartin L*c^y. Georpe Lowe.
J*. Lynch. Ja.rr.os S<u!ly. John Lynch. D.
CTaUftr. P. J. Maaie*a cad C. J. Callias.
When they step the light fantastic on
February 6 at Odd Fellows' Hall the
Gaels of San Francisco will done the an
cient style of costume and the fiddler will
be there to vie with the piper, and the old
fashion master of ceremonies will reveal
the genial gallantry cf the Irishman. The
revival of the time-honored and ever en
tertaining dances on tbJ» occasion ought
to bean Insulrlnr feature.
To tsie part in this revival dance will
be twenty fair young colleens upon the
anus of twenty sons of Erin.
The Esnes of these chosen so far for
the <?a:iee are:
A detailed report of the work accom
plished during the last year was read at
the twenty-fourth annual meeting of the
Young Women's Christian Association,
held at its headquarters -last Friday. The
boarding home at 1259 O'Farrell street
had 730 boarders during the year, repre
senting thirty-two States and twenty-two ¦
countries. The various classes*have been
attended by about 300 young women. The
employment bureau secured S0O positions.
At the Davis-street lunch roams 75,212
lunches were served. The receipts £yt
the year were $1S,SOO 33 and the disburse
ments 118,564 26. • - "
The following named officers were
elected: "
President, Mrs. W. O. Gould; vice presi
dent, Mrs. O. W. Prescott; second .vice presi- '
dent, Mrs. J. F. Merrill; third vice president,
Mrs. M. y. Jonea; lourth vice president, Mrs.
H. J. Sadler; fifth vice president, tars. A. Hi
Baldwin; recording secretary, Mita Helen Van ;
Winkle; corresponding secretary, Mrs. ri. 1*.
Tuegle; treasurer, Airs. I. H. Morse.
' Lurectois — Mesdames TV. O. Gould, I... C.
Reddlnston, G. VV. Prescott, *J.' F. Merrill, M.
P. Jonts, H. J. Sadler, A. ft. Baldwin, &. P.
Thurston, S. P. Tussle, I. H. Morse and Miss
H.' Van Winkle. ,
Trustees — J. F. Merrill. W. II. Crocker, A.
B. Forbes, W. F. Whittler, George W. Pres
cott, William Button. K. B. Pond.
Managers — Mesdamc-s J, L. Martel, F. A.
Janes, j M. J. McDonald, M. Beardsley, A.
Unger, M. Godley, K. T. ' Allen, J. Spruance,
N. G. Kittle, B. M. Gunn, G. \V. Warren,
W. H. Crocker, J. S. Van Winkle, William J.
Gunn, J. A. FUlmore, W. C. Pond, T. K.
Kdwards, George Crocker, John Stephens, J.
Hemphill, P. D. Browne, Leopold Algeltinger
and Miss Reed.
Attorneys— Judge E. D. Sawyer, A. G. Booth.
Auditor — E. J. Bowen.
Consulting physicians — Adelaide Brown, M.
D.; H. P. Tuggle, M. D., and W. H. Gris
vold, M. D.
The Music Teachers' Association of San
Francisco has elected the following offi
cers: • . '
President, H. W. Patrick; vice-president, A.
Spadina; secretary, Mrs. J. A. Whiteside;
treasurer, Mrs. P.. O. Peterson. Directors —
Joseph Greoen, T. D. Ilerzog and Madame
Ellen C&ursen-Roeckel. ..
The Polytechnic High School Alumni
has elected the following officers;
Herbert Hauser, president; Miss- Winnie
Ltllion, vice president; Ernest W. Jakobs.
treasurer; Louis Levy, secretary. Trustees —
Miss Bernlce Beeney, Miss Bertha Schweinlt
zer and David L. Cahen.
The Single Tax Society has elected the
following officers: President. W. G.
Sawin; vice president, A. Lynch; record
ing secretary, F. Elsasser; corresponding
and financial secretary, Miss E. E. Diggs;
treasurer, A. Granger.
This information was conveyed to
United States District Attorney Marshall
13. Woodworth yesterday In a letter from
the Secretary to Mr. Woodworth. The
bondsmen resisted the payment of the
whole amount claimed because one of the
' bondsmen, James Doujjherty, had died
i some time before the defalcations oc
curred and no one had been substituted
in his place. Former United States Dis
trict Attorney Henry S. Koote, not hav
ing been informed of the death of Mr.
Dougherty, certified to the State Depart
ment that Dougherty was yet living and
he was continued on the bond. Judgment
was recovered against the bondsmen for
J40.1S0, and interest then . began to run
against that amount. A few months ago
the bondsmen offered to compromise for
$42,000. but the offer was rejected and
they were obliged to pay the full' judg
ment and Interest, amounting to $47,506 82.
The proceedings against the bondsmen
were inaugurated and brought to a suc
cessful termination by Marshall B. "Wood
worth. United States District Attorney
for the northern district of California.
The bondsmen of ex-Internal Revenue
Collector Osca M. Welburn have paid
into the United States treasury the sura
cf $47,506 S2, the amount for which they
¦were responsible on their bonds for the.
defalcations In Mr. "Welburn's office, and
have been relieved by the Secretary of
the Treasury of all further responsibility
in the matter.
Accomplished.
¦ .¦ - ¦ ¦ j
Annual Reports Shew What
the Organization Has . f
Irish Prepare for Entertain
ment at Ode /ellows'
Hall.
Confidence in Defaulter
C^3ts Them Almost
$50,000.
Young Women's Chris
tian Association Does
\ Gocd Work.
- ¦, » ¦ -
Welburn' 3 Sureties Are
Out a Considerable
Fortune.
Lads and Lassies of Old
Erin Will Whirl to
Fiddler's Tune.
YEAR'S SHOWING
IS CREDITABLE
GAELS TO DON
ANCIENT GARB
BONDSMEN PAY
THE JUDGMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JA 19, 1902.
Entire Proceeds of. Next Saturday's Game Will Be Presented to
Th's ¦ Philanthropic Organization and the Ladies Are Busy
Selling Tickets "and the Boxes, ::Socieiy : ----Re^|fedinig'-- : Heaiftily;
BENEVOLENT DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS
WILL BE ASSISTED BY EDER JAI
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— W. J. Gaines
of Atlanta. Bishop of the African M. E.
church; I. Garland Penn, secretary of the
Epworth League of the Northern M.. E.
church, and a delegation of twenty other
negroes. repre3ent!ni? various denomina
tions Interested in the advancement of
the colored race, to-day invited President
Roosevelt to attend the Colored Young
People's Christian Congress to be held at
Atlanta in August. - '
27
STOMACH BITTERS
What tHis, wonderful medicine
will do,for you must ¦ be gathered
from what it has done in the, past.
It has restored thousands of sickly
people to good health during the
past fifty years; and will not
disappoint, you now. It is 'a
specific remedy for ailments of the
stcmich, liver and towels, such as
dyspepsia, indigestion; consti-
pation, biliousness.' dizziness,
or sick headache. We urge you
to try it. The genuine has .our
private stamp over the neck of
the bottle; ; V
ARE YOU AN EXPERT?
' Do you know within $50 or $100 what »
piano la ¦worth?
TAKE OFF THE NAMES
- From several dltTer&it gocd • pianos and
place them side by side.
WHICH IS WHICH?
Which Is the piano you always though*
you preferred? . ¦
CAN YOU DISTINGUISH IT?
If' not, why did you prefer It?
WHAT IS tO GUIDE YOU?
How will yfiu know how much you ought
BY LIST PRICES?
Any one can print lists and make either
$C00 or ?1CO r>ianos.
PAPER IS PATIENT"
And will' stand" much abuse.
DISCOUNTS?
Yes, they will give them to you every*
where.
Teachers' discounts.
Professional discounts.
Friends' discounts.
Discounts for your Influence,
Discount* to introduce pianos.
Discounts for thousands of other alleged
reasons. '.
ON WHAT CAN YOU RELY?
On the bis-price-set-all-you-can system of
sellinr, or on
THE ONE-PRICE PLAN?
"Where every instrument is marked la
plain figures, sold at one established price
no more is asked, no Ies3 accepted — and
where in each and every case the best
value is guaranteed.
BEST?
Is thera any lonser a "Best" piano?
SECRETS? .
There are none that are essential to ta*
construction of a first-class piano.
WHAT THEN IS REQUIRED?
j Only a few requisites, such as
EXPERIENCE
To know how to obtain the very best r»
suits at an absolute minimum of cost.
AMPLE CAPITAL
To employ the highest grade of skilled la-
bcr and to purchase the best material fe»
large quantities for spot cash.
ABILITY
To utilize these to the best advantage *>
as to give the most for the money.
FACILITIES
By the employment of UD-to-date labor-
saving machinery and devices for handliar
a larse product.
WHO POSSESSES THESE
Requisites to any greater degree than tht
manufacturers of'the Kimball piano?
WHO ARE MORE EMINENT
In the musical world than the followim
well-known musicians, who together with
many others use and Indorse the Klmhal)
piano: : •
Adelina Pattl.
Emma Calve,
Lillian Nordica. y
E. Fursch-Madi,
Hill Lehmann,
Minnie Hauk.
Emma Albania
Sophia Scalchi.
Marie Tavary,
Sis. de Lucia.
• Slg. de Sarasate,
Jean de Keszke.
Edouard de Reszke,
: Jean La Salle,
Emll Fischer,
Lufrt Ravelli,
Mario Ancona.
Slff. Tamagno. .
Max Alvary.
S?^. del Puente,
EmU Llebllnr.
Ovide Musin,
Si?. Gallassi,
Giov. Perurlnl,
Pol Plancon,
Robt. Golbeck,
E. Bevirnani.
C. M. Zlehrer,
Remenyi,
Ardltl.
Mancanllll,
P. S. Gllraoye,
John P. Sousa.
WHAT BETTER AUTHORITY
Can be appealed to than the above, sup-
plemented by the decision of the board of
experts at the World's Fair and again at
the Trans-Mississippi Fair at Omaha, who
¦ accorded Kimhall the highest honors over
all competitors? . * 1
WHO IS THE DEALER
/ That can furnish the best piano at th»
lowest sellinz price?
IS IT NOT THE FIRM
That supplies these pianos throughout the*
Pacific West, having years of experience
- In the wholesale and retail piano business;
a firm that by yearly contract secures in-
struments at the lowest possible wholesale
price from the best factory, havine iales-
rooms in San Francisco, 1'ortland and
Spokane?
YOU ARE JUDGE AND JURY
In this matter and we cheerfully abide by
your decision.
Ell FDQ
; v- PIANO •
COMPANY,
645 aiABKET SfHEET,
San Francisco. Cal.
BIG PIANO BARGAINS.
A NUMBER OF NEW PIANOS AT
ALMOST HALF-PRICE.
JUST A FEW OF THEM. DON'T PUT OF*.
COMING IF YOU WANT ONE. EASY
monthly payments can be
arranged for if de-
siked!
During the coming week, we wish to d!spo«»
of «everal new sample upright pianos, and to
getnhem all out of .the way before Inventory,
Feb? 1st. we. offer them . at a tremendous re-
duction -from resrular retail prices. .
For ?145, payable cash, or $25 down and |1O
a month, we will sell you to-morrow a better
and in every wax more serviceable piano than,
you can buy elsewhere for $250.
And for $186 we offer choice of several new
large size walnut or mahogany cased upright
pianos, such as could not regularly be sold for
less than ?">00.
Two very fine toned, but somewhat plain
cased, strictly high-grade uprights will go
Monday fop $235 and $213 each, ray $25 down
and $10 a montH.' Thess pianos are worth al-
most double what we ask for then).
. One mahogany, one oak and two most brau-
tlfully mottled ¦ walnut, very highest grade
pianos, that cannot ordinarily be obtained for
less than $50O. will be sold to close out qukk'.y
for ?31S, same terms as above.
Also one very choice figured Enzllsh oak
cabinet grand at almost- $20O leas than 'what
.this or same grade instrument can be obtained
, for ordinarily in ' this or any other city.
ADVTBttTlSXfiCENTS.
STRANGE MENTAL POWERS
How People Are Influenced.
Startling Words From , th? Committee Appointed to In-
vestigate Hypnotism for the Benefit "i
of the Public.
G. S. LINCOLN. M.D.. ' JUDGE HENRY SCHAFER,
101 Crutchfield St.. Dallas. Tex. Fleminjrton. N. J.
F. H. STOUFER. Secretary and Treas- HEV. PAUL WELLER.
urer cf Railway Conductors. Pueblo. Colo. . Gorham. N. Y.
Hypnotism is no longer a myth, a fanciful creation of the mind, but a real-
ity, a most potent power, capable of producing infinite good. For the purpose of
ascertaining the exact value of this much-talked-of power a committee composed
of a physician, a well known Jurist, a prominent minister and a leading railroad
man was appointed to Investigate Hypnotism.
The committee carried on a series of investigations in regard to the power of
hypnotism to influence the actions and deeds of people in the everyday walks
of life.
The first step taken by the members of the committee was to master the
science in every detail so that they might state from personal experience the
good or evil this strange power might produce. They wrote the New York Insti-
tute of Science of Rochester, N. Y., the greatest school of Hypnotism and Occult
Science In the world, and received full and complete Instructions in regard to
how hypnotism may be used to Influence people in business, how to use it Jn
treating diseases, &c, &c. In a few days they mastered these instructions anil
were full-fledged hypnotists. ; \
It was clearly demonstrated that hypnotism may be employed so that the :
person operated upon Is entirely unconscious of the fact that he Is being in-
fluenped; and, all things considered, the committee regards It as the most valu-
able discovery of modern times. A knowledge of it is essential to o'ne's success
in life and well-being in society.
Dr. Lincoln says, after a thorough Investigation, that he considers it the most
marvelous therapeutic or curative agent of modern times.
Judge Schafer, although jl legal light, turned his attention to healing the
6ick, and In a few treatments he completely cured Jotw E. Myers of Fleming-
ton, N. J., of a strange malady- that had kept him bedfast for nine years, and
which the doctors said must surely kill him. " Judge Schafer's fame .spread for
miles around and hundreds of people applied to him for treatment.
Mr. Stoufer performed the astonishing feat of hypnotizing Mr. Cunningham
of Pueblo, Colo., at a distance of several blocks. He also hypnotized an. aged
gentleman and had him run through the streets shouting, "Redhot peanuts for
sale." Mr. Stoufer says It Is indispensable to one's business success.'
Rev. Paul "Weller says that every minister and every mother should under-
stand hypnotism for the benefit they can be to those with whom they arc
brought into dally contact.
In speaking of this marvelous power. President Eliot of Harvard College,
said to the graduates: "Young gentlemen, there Is a subtle power lying latent
in each of you which few of you have developed, but which, when developed,
mi£ht make a man Irresistible. It Is called Personal Magnetism or Hypnotism.
I advise you to master it." '
The New York Institute of Science has just issued 10,000 copies of a book •
which fuliy explains all the secrets of this marvelous power, and gives ' explicit
directions for becoming a practical hypnotist, bo that yoi can " employ the force .
without the knowledge of any one. Anybody can learn. Success guaranteed. .' .
The book also contains a full report of the members of ,the committee.. It
¦will be sent absolutely free to any one who' is interested. A postal card 'will
bring It. Write to-day. ¦ -i
Address New York Institute of Science, Dep't 117 M, Rochester, 'N...Y. -'"
. .; ... W ......YOUNG CLERK WHO WAS IN
STANTLY KILLED WHILE AT
WORK. " * ¦ ¦
. ,- ¦ . •• . ,. *.. . .« » ¦ ..:;'... -.?¦-..:¦.•"¦¦.¦.-•;¦.
-Trapper's Oil cures rSv«umauim an<J neuralgia.;
Dru««i«UL 60c flaak. Richard & Co. 40« CUy. \ *
>•¦'.,'':•; :¦¦-.-¦¦ ¦ ' ' '
Inyoliintary." Inisolvency.
i LIndley & Co. and other merchants of
Sacramento filed a. petition yesterday in
the United '. States District* Court I asking
that R. : Forrester , of Woodland, ¦¦ Yolo
County, be declared an . involuntary In
solvent . The. petition alleges -that on Oc
tober. 2S of last year PorreBter,' with In
tent to defraud his creditors, I transferred
his property ; to R. : T..Day and the pro
ceeds of, the sale to his own sister, "Miss
Ethel Campbell. . • • ,/n ;.. :. : ..
Bionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Vv ill cur. your couch.' 50 cent* At alt \lru^^l»t.».
J. Katane, a Japanese employed at- 1339
Pine street, ; while walking along Poik
street, near Broadway, shortly after 8
o'clock Friday night '.'was attacked by .a
crowd of boys, about 'fifteen in "number,
ahd badly beaten and robbed of a silver
watch, gold chain and hat. If some citi
zens had not gone to his assistance the
probability is he would have been seri
ously Injured. ' ,The matter was reported
to the police yesterday morning. '•¦ .'---'¦
Timothy Carbery, 153 Minna street, re
ported, to the police" yesterday morning
that a ; drunken man ; was knocked down
by two yotingr men in front of Carbery's
house about half-past '6- o'clock; Friday
night and robbed of ¦%! 50. The robbery
was also witnessed by Mrs. Lyons',, who
keeps a .grocery at/ 109 Minna street.
After committing . the . robbery the . two
young men' ran down Minna street. •¦ Tho
drunken. man refused te give hi3 .name
t6 Carbery. 'st-r . ' ; .-:¦;• •
David F._ Wagner, a broker of 202
Washington street, Portland, Or., at pres
ent a guest in the Palace Hotel, while
considerably under the. influence of liquor
Friday evening about. 6 o'clock, ' was
knocked down and robbed of $150 in fcash
and a watch valued at $25 by two boys
about 15 years of age on New.Montgom
ery street, in front of the- Grand 'Hotel.
Information of the robbery was conveyed
to Policeman Ross by JJee Blass, a news
boy, living at 2531 California street, and
Willie Burns, 315 Minna street. Wagner
was booked at the City Prison on a
charge of being drunk and was released
yesterday morning. He could riot give
any description of tHe- boy? who robbed
him, but from the description given by
the two newsboys the police^ expect . to
have them in custody eoon. ; ' ' .
Boys Relieve- Portland
Broker of His ' .>..
Valuables.
ROB A PALACE
HOTEL GUEST
KOT * SMITH, a 19-year-old v drug
j clerk, employed by ,the whole
sale firm, of Mack &; Co., at/. 13
. Fremont ! street, was almost' in
stantly killed shortly "after" noon
yeste/day, his neck being broken by .the
descent upon it of the elevator counter
weight, weighing 1500 pounds. ' : * *
I Young Smith was working on the fourth
floor at a quarter' after noon - when ': he
Suits ; f or divorce were filed yesterday by
Clia 'Zeiph against Abraham Zeiph for
failure: to provide, Catherine Heberger
against Martin Heberger for cruelty anil
Anna E. Adams against Charles W. Ad
ams for desertion.
tin;, the Divorce Court.
Evans Is Not Content
To-. merely •, brew., good ale, he bottles It, too:
Any dealer anywhere. Sherwood & Sherwood.
Pacific Coast: J A*ents.
heard a loud noise proceeding, from . 'the
first flgpr,, it being ' caused "by 't.hte.vf ailing
or breaking of "several cases of goods. He
.looked down the elevator,^ shaft to 'see';
"wiienee" the noises proceeded, and at that
jipaiomept . Joseph Chisholm. r who was re
¦ phlring' the elevator belis^on the ground
tflpor^fpulled' the rope "tqTKUse.' -the cage.
rAt.^he same time the counterweight came
;dpwn- upon Smith's : head.5breaklng . his
rheck.^ When "Ghlsholm". felt the sliock "of
! the,stpppagrerbf the weight' he immedlate
jjj» ldwered-.lhei^age,' causing th^. weight
• t^ a$ccnd;>Thls'|rioyement:released Smith,
i W;ho' fell , back j upon the" floor and . died: In
'a. f£w_njp.rnenis.__ M !_:„.. „.„„,,
' Smith ' was a native • of Australia and
lived with his parents at 7(5 Cap»; street.
Mayor Schmlt2:is\in receipt of a letter
>from Nat Iv. i ll6\ye'.of'.Wismer, La., stat
ing that he Is figuring: upon the possibility
of the surplus Chinese population of San
Francisco taking the place of . a shortage
of negro labor in the South. Rowe says
he. believes the, Chinese would answer the
• purpose and as an experiment will employ
four of them, with a possibility of placing
5000 in another year. \ -; ¦ ~
Wants to .Employ Chinamen.
The Lyceum Clothing, Company
Will make its appearance in 1 about two
weeks at 915 Market. street. 'In the mean
time" every article in the ¦ old Monarch
must be got rid of. .To-morrow there
will be on sale men's suits worth $15 for
$3.85; men's good hats for 25c; men's un
derwear worth 75c for 20c; -men's collars
for 5c. Whatever is left by -Wednesday
will be taken to No, 7 Sixth street, near
Market, to be disposed of there, for the
clothing stock of Addler & Sons of Chi
cago is expected to arrive here Thursday
and the room is wanted for the Lyceum
Clothing Sale, which will be the sale of
all sales. It is worth your while to come
around to the winding, up of the Old. Mon
arch, 915 Market street, opposite Mason. •
Judge Cabaniss yesterday ' denied the
motion of Attorney W. S. Barnes. to dis
miss the charged against Martin Lane and
Edward Sutton,; charged with' grand larr
ceny for tricking Alfred H.. Mellor of 151(5
O'Farrell street- out of $1500 at faro in a
"room in the' Palace Hotel on January 2.
The Judge held 'the defendants " to ' answer
before the Superior Court in .$2000. bonds
_each. No disposition i was. made ; of thi
case of Charles J. Stickney, alias Fagen
bush. The misdemeanor charge against
these three defendants and Patsy Carroil
for belng,in a room containing gambling
apparatus was dismissed, as the ordinance
under which they were arrested 'has been
declared invalid. - - ;
Faro-Piayers Are Held.
At roon yesterday Edward I. Walsh,
Union Labor candidate, who, according
to the official count of the ballots cast at
the last election, was defeated for the
office of Supervisor , by. fifty-four votes,
was fifteen votes ahead of George Alperj.
the Republican nominee, who was elect
ed by the smallest majority of any of the
successful candidates. Three precincts
were counted— the ,-; Nineteenth of the
Thirty-seventh, the Fourth of the- Forty
fifth and the Eighteenth of the Thirty- ;
seventh. Alpers lost twelve votes in
these, precincts, which, added to "Walsh "*
lead ; of , three ; - votes gained in Friday's
count, puts Alpers fifteen behind. ; . ¦
Walsh, has gained steadily on Alpers
since" the- commencement of the recount.
He ;haa lost but few votes, as in nearly
every -case where a -ballot 'was disputed
.the loss was suffered by Alpers.
i: In the twenty precincts out of the 303
into which the city is divided carelessness
.in marking and ignorance r of how to
.-stamp, a ballot are the causes of this
change . in the " result. Many . votera
.'stamped . their tickets ; ,ln. nearly every
i place but the right place, and in a num
ber of 'cases nineteen and twenty Super
visors osvere voted for instead of eighteen.
Labor Party Candidate Is
r Fifteen Vole3 Ahead of
. Alpers.
Three Precincts Counted
Yesterday Yield Him
Twelve Votes
WALSH MAKES
FURTHER GAINS
Roy '.Smith,; f 9 Years of: Age/and: Emp;oyed
in a Wholesale Drug House,; Meets With
Instant^Death While Lookihe'Down Shaft
ELEVATOR COUNTERWEIGHT
BREAKS YOUTH'S NECK
FEDERAL JURORS
COME TOO LATE
Judge De Haven Does
Not Wait to Receive
Their Report..
Takes His Departure While
They Are Entering the
Courtroom. - .
The Federal Grand Jury received a set
back yesterday from United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven that set the mem
bers talking and sent them away from
the Appraisers' building some amused and
others in a state of more or less Indigna^
tion. •„> -. . ' ' ¦ ..'•';.
The jurors were to have presented a re
port on Friday- afternoon,-, their regular
meeting days being Tuesday and Friday,
b'ut they could not get through in t.nie
and deferred the presentation cf the re
port until yesterday morning. Shortly be
fore the court opened for the morning
session Assistant United States Attorney
Duncan E. McKinlay* notified Judge d-;
Haven that the Grand Jury would appear
in court to report upon several cases, and
after the ordinary routine business had
been disposed of Assistant United States
Attorney B. L. McKinley arose and an
nounced that the jury would arrive in a
few moments, and asked Judge de Haven
to'defer the adjournment until after it^s
arrival. Judge de Haven, without reply
ing to McKinley, ordered the crier to de
clare the court adjourned until Monday.
After the crier had performed his duty
Judge de Haven walked off the bench and
chatted for a moment with the. crier, at
the Iatter's station, near the entrance to.
the Judge's chambers. Just then the
Grand Jury began to file into the court
room, and the Judge walked out.
Mr. McKinley requested the jurors to
return on Monday. ,\
The jury will report an ignoramus— "We
know nothing of it"— in the cases of Louis
Imbargo. K. Nakamura. Pablo Sandoval
and M. Sakuri. charged with petty smug
gling, the jury being of .the opinion that
their confinement in jail while 'awaiting
indictment was. a sufficient punishment..
There were also one or two 'indictments
against criminals at large.. %.
Much Sickness Throughout the State
Could be avoided, provided the proper pre
cautions were . taken. ,Keep warm and
comfortable.. The BARLER, ODORLESS
OIL HEATERS -are built upon scientific
principles and are fully guaranteed not to
smoke or smell. .. No" chimneys to break.
Money back if not perfectly satisfactory.
Made in nine sizes, from. $3.75 up. Call or
send for illustrated booklet. Chas. Brown
& Son, 807 Market street, Coast Agents. • .
Partners Disagree.
Samuel Nicholls, who with S. G. Spier
runs the Argyle lodging-house. a,t. 234 >Ic :
Allister street, filed a shit for dissolution
of partnership yesterday. He alleges that
Spier does not devote sufficient time to
business, and that he treats the guests
of the house in a harsh, insulting and
domineerlnc manner. ..
Corset Specials for This Week.
Sapphire corsets, $2.59; Royal Worcester
corset, black, $1.25 quality; 65c.' All cor
sets fitted. Chester V.- Wright, 6 Geary
fet., cor. Kearny, first floor upstairs. . •
Practiced Medicine Illegally.
3. L. Bohannon and Addle Epps were
convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday on
the charge of practicing medicine without
a certificate and were ordered to" appear
for sentence Tuesday. They were held
Thursday to answer* before 'the; Superior
Court on the folony- charge -.of obtaining
money by false "pretenses'; from. "Michael'
Mulvey of Portland,^' Or! . ' .; ¦ " f .''~-'.* i :7?.~
Did you. ever see an. oil heater. which is
absolutely .odorless? . We've got,, it! It's
BARLER'S, and we. fully guarantee it.
Money back if not perfectly, satisfactory.
Nine sizes, from $3.75 up. Cnas. Brown &
Son, 807 Market street. Coast. Agents. • '
Traffic Arrested on Clay Street.
The grip of car. 502 of , the: Sacramento
street line . broke . on - Clay street, - near
East, at .5 a'clock.. last.evening, suspend
ing traffic for an hour. ; .
THE- : SAN ' FRANCISCO:iCATjU : \) STJNDAYj • t JA^^R Y !^« iyoa
28
>o«ee©©©©«ee©o«©©©©e«e«ee»©ee««Qe$sooe<PO33co£
A preat Sale of Muslin |
underwear]
'¦ ¦ ? ¦¦•'•¦ . ¦ ©
I ' ' A
i ' On. Monday morning xvc will, com- . ' . q
• mencc another great muslin underwear $&> $Q> ,- q
' sale that will- even surpass the'other in «3?k5£i!J< v«. «j*d ®
J the extent of the assortment and the \ /*^^S^M^^ J >* ®
I magnitude of the values. Peruse each Q^lWm^?^] {jTL ®
j "item carefully, for if you find anything . f/ nj*v!\ %
> you want, it can be bought at this sale . I mi|h If J \lA A \| a
I , at a price that is no more than the ac- • 'jVji ff ['¦ -^jtab^/x ©
} tual cost of the materials alone, regard- ¦ V. /r Ljf rT^^Kx-gLA ®
I less of the making. In fact, tl^ induce- - \1 • O
• ments will teinpt you to lay in a supply 1 \ ,/ _ Hff^ v*^^S^i!9 *
1 for months ahead. The sale will com- j-V : yNj' vL 2
! mencc at. 8:.1O and will be held in our : VJ £f t» . .. ¦ ®
, basement salesroom. • : . . 2
' . - ., ';,; ¦; i ' ¦¦ ¦ . . . ¦ . . ©
i .. .•¦-; , ". ¦ ; •. ~ ¦¦ ¦. O
I Gowns. Corset Covers. S
| ' Dozens of pretty styles in new Well made in the new styles of ®
effects of Empire, Bishop and- Hub- straight front effects • and French 2
bard, high or lov/ neck, all' made of or tight fitting styles, handsomely q
.soft cambric -«yid lone cloth. :dain- trimmed with lace, and insertion. Q
tily trimmed with fine embroidery,-, exceedingly good-bargains at ©
valencieiines and . torchon laces. «*v —A '•
prices : ! I9cj 38c, 50c. |
'29C, 48C, 75C ? 95C. : We can only s«ve a very, meager ' ©
;•;¦: ., ,, description of , the goods; .words .©
•/At such prices .you can get two' cannot convey • to you the eood ©
or .three garments . for one price, .quality of the cloth, the. excellence .©
Come early while the supply is ex- .of, the making or the neatness of ®
tensive. ' . ' . ' :. the trimming. • ; .
v ¦.,...¦¦,• . ¦,..;¦; ¦¦ I- ;-- tis •.— : — ¦ -- ¦ ©
: Skrts!. v SpedaJ Wrappers S
-'¦¦'¦ White skirts with full flounce and , We will offer another lot of those ©
flare, hemstitched ruffles' trimmed -warm flannelette wrappers that sold ©
with deep open work embroidery. so rapijdly two weeks ago. -If you O
torchon lace and insertions, prices came too late_before. now is your . .• ;
- v.- ,' ¦ - • opportunity. They are made from •,
98r, $1.25, $!.33, R° o , d quality^ ci o th with fancy 2
ei^rc ai cc ci a- • b - kSf worth $I>50>: pnce only ' • •
SL45, $1.65, $I.9d v 95c. ®
When you see the croods you will Thesp wranner? irpnorailv »1! o*
realize what values these skirts arc. f as t that earlv Si U Svf ki •
• . idat i iidi an eany can is advisable, a
: Drawers. Skirt Chemise. ©
¦ ! -Made.'ofc g;o"od muslin -and long .A number of skirt chemise are •
. clpth, in plain-\flouncea'nd : umbrel- incjuded in 'this"; sale; they^arcwell •
J la, styles, with clusters of tucks' and , made -in the prevailing styles', "and •
"trimmings of : lace and embroidery.- ' are Coffered > at the following ex- $
X well;. made garments,', every. one of; "tremely.low prices when you con- S
i :them, prices .' ; . • i , -^sider the .quality of the' goods: q
I9cj 35c, 48cy 65c. 75c, $1.35, $!.95. %
! v ; y '-Y. '':'¦'"¦:?' '¦ : - : "" '¦ ''"'':'' " ' "¦ ' ¦-' r '¦'¦'- ¦¦ ¦, ; ;V ?¦: ¦.;>•¦•¦¦•¦•
W. W. Wtev/s ¦<$>. '€>& }
EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
ALEADlN^lRMANEDiS
Of San Francisco and
A REPORTER OF THE BULLETIN
/.re Both Thoroufehly'ConvinceC That
Mayer e's Glnsses arc FAR SU-
PERIOR to All Others
for WEAK EYES and POOR SIGHT, head-
aches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, floating
spots, rain about the eyes, behind the head
or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like sand in the eyes, crosseyes,
lurning. smarting, itching;, scratching, tvltch-
lng eyes, etc. Mayerle's glasses rest the eyes,
strengthen the optic nerve and preserve the
sight. These glasses are now used by the
highest United States Army,» Navy and Gov-
ernment officials.
KIGH PRAISE
Frcm General Win. R. Shafter.
Mr. George Mayerle. San Francisco.
' bear Sir: The classes made by you received
S'esterday. I nave never been better fitted
than with this pair. Very truly yours,
\VM. R. SHAFTER. Major General. U. S. A.
HIGH PRAISE
From Rev. Father Augustine McClory,
£ai FrarctfCi.
It gives me much pleasure to recommend
to the public Mr. George Mayerle of 1071%
Market street, San Francisco, strictly as a
tkillful and expert optician. My sight began
to fail in 1877. twenty-five years ago, and
t-ince tbat time I have been wearing gla3tes.
1 consulted a prominent optician In Chicago,
Dr. Holmes. At different times since that I
have had lenses fitted on in St. Louis, Cleve-
land, Ohio, and also tried the Fifth-avenue
opticians in Plttsburg, who claim to be
emong the best in their line in the country-
I do not hesitate to say that I have met wt»h
better and more satisfactory results with Zr.
Mayerli than with any of the above named
who have much higher pretensions. Respect-
Fa'tHER AUGUSTINE McCLORT. O. F. M.,
St. Boniface Church. 115 Golden Gate avc.S.F.
.<^%> NOTICE!
ggfpi NEGLECTED EYESIGHT
AFFECTS THE BRAIN. Mayerle's Glcnea
cannot be had from any traveling optician.
THE GENUINE MATERLE GLASSES must
be ordered direct from GEORGE MAYERLE,
Graduate German Expert Optician. 107114 Mar-
ket 6treet. near Seventh, San Francisco. Tele-
phone South 572. German Eyewater, 50c. Mr.
George Mayerle does not travel, nor" does he
employ any traveling opticians to represent
him.
Ceorge Mayerle's Glasses Strengthen the Eye
and Bralru
ctrr this out.
Geo. H. Fuller Desk
RtMOVAL SALE.
We offer our immense stock of OF-
FICE FTJE.17ITTJHE at greatly reduced
prices during next 30 DAYS.
638-640 Mission Street.
r REPARATION FOR BIG
TITEN VEEEIN JUBILEE
Fiftieth Anniversary of Organization
in This City to Be Suitably : _
Celebrated To-Night. ¦ • • •
The celebration of the golden jubilee of
the San Francisco Turn Vereln wllltake
place to-night at the Turn Verein Hah,
•when feasting and entertainment, song
and good fellowship will be the order of
the night. The committee and manage-
ment of the ceremonies have arranged
some surprises, and the musical part of
the entertainment will be one of the chief
features. Among those who will take a
prominent part are: John Simmen (pres-
ident). Max Duenow, William Plagemann,
F. Bartmann, Hans Goetz, Dr. Emil Her-
weg, Oscar Hocks,. Fritz Hansmann,
Theo Planz. G. A. Trost, Hans Veronl
and Louis Trost. One part of the jubilee
festivities which is sure to create amuse-
ment will be the Grosser Fest-Ball der
Narren (Fools' Ball),, when all those who
participate in the dance will appear iu
fools" caps.
All this week we will continue our Special
'¦[, Semi-Annual^ Sale of Laces, Embroideries,
Muslin Underwear and Ribbons.
5000 ¦ ¦ yards Cambric, Nainsook, Swiss and
Lawn EDGINGS and INSERTINGS.
5c to 50c per yard.
20,000 ijards ENGLISH 1 TORCHON LACES,
both Edgings an! Insertings, from one to four
inches wide.
30c, 40c, 50c and 60c per dozen yards.
50 dozen LADIES 1 MUSLIN GOWNS and
SKIRTS, made from best brands muslin and
% trimmed with extra cnialitu lace and em-
i broidery.
$1, $1.50, $1.75 and $2 each.
, 275 pieces NOVELTY RIBBON, 3 and 3L
inches wide,' and 275 pieces PLAIN WASH
TAFFETA RIBBON, full & inches wide.
These are in all the leading shades. Pries
to close
15c yard.
¦ - ¦ ¦ . . .
- We will also sell this week a large
accumulation of REMNANTS, RIB-
BOHSp LACES and EMBROIDERIES
at -VERY LOW PRICES.
UK 113, 115. 117, 119; 121 POST STREET.
WE OWN OUf^ OWN BUILDING— WE* PAY NO RENT.
' : .^S^'^***bR StocK-Taking Sale
f'lTTLEl This week we will otter at ridic-
zvr-zz^^ * at ulously low prices — during our
e^^^^^^Ji^lf H |p A mri stock-taking — a large number of
<^^^^^^^^-~.>lli ]|^1*^7^* soIid oa ' < Chiffoniers in golden oak
ili»S£§i==-i? -ll> 5^ finish. They must go this week to
illlliJ^iffl -^F make room for new stock now on
J \WE>Wisr rj :;; ;i " nhe road - You>il s et them a 5 y° ur
|^^^s»| *^^g^^^^^rT own figures almost. Ccme in and
' ' £ff^' V' 11 ,' ' ins P ect them - Good goodsyat a
iJ||lESi[ M FUDNITURE EOWN
I P^^e"! — '^^ ?^pJU sa^Sf J^ Don't fail to come in during stock-
I g^f:){S-^Mi $a taking week and price our Furniture.
| ' 5H« - r ""',,.^5 i »i We carry an enormous stock, you
*nJ? 1 -,^^ I S know, covering two acres. You will
r\f^ >^^Sbs_ t/w"® i$\ n<^ J ust wna^ you are looking for here.
/¦ £s^fel!*jj| i^jj' Parlor or Kitchen Furniture, Carpets,
y$s e^A.' u^ s » Matting, Oilcloths, Linoleums,
w \ 'y|J Draperies. A few Tapestry Carpets left
J - 3T at 55c per yard, sewed, lined and laid.
. ¦ . '. T&-^"^ . ' \ l>' "^ snap, too.
Fixe Delivery to C^Kland, Alarnfeda and Serkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., Inc.,
1O17-1O23 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M. EVfiRY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
JIIM^MIIMIMMIIHI II
3 WITH IT3 SIDES AND END OF PLATE GLASS M
U AFFORDS AN UNOBSTRUCTED VIEW OF THE H
H SWIFTLY MOVING PANORAMA AS THE gj
I SPEEDS ON ITS WAY FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO OVER THE |
$1000 Reward DR.MOTJLTY;
IF WE FAIL TO DO AS WE AGREE. SPE- T«HIS WEIX-KXOWN AND RKLXABLE OLD
ctallsts for men. As many physicians anl L Specialist cure* Blood Poison, GonorrhCBa,Gleet.
others have 'nqulrcd regarding our ORXOlMAta stricturn, seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
NEW METHOD of treatment for all troubles. allied Disorders. .Book on Diseases of Men. tree
we have -ie^i-id'to demansiratp by. send'>ig t» Over20yei»rs>xperlence.TernMreaaonablc Hours
all who may desire A FREE TRIAL 1RDAT- 9to3dally:6:.TOto8.30ev > R».fiandaTs,10tol2.0)nsnl*
JIENT UNTIL FEBRUARY. 1ST. • State cas« tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddress
PpN C NVRHvfiT U D!i I Q BAJA CALIFORNIA
Slil^ll Damiana Bitters
€^*8&».tfiF? ISl «&'*•»»«««• toxc.^" ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVICORA-
¦ "fet S 1^ y" "— ribbon. Take »o othar. Hcfnia * tor and Nervine.
1W Wf «"««'»»• sub«tltntlon« and Inlta. The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
li»at^aumj»?«. . Jladlawt Sawn, rniLA* fH 323 Market it., S. F.—(Send for Clrculiv
sale of fur K^^^^
The phenomenal success of our
stock-taking sale has induced us to
continue it during this cominc <^^^MM^WmW^^^%
week. Every garment has been re-
duced from 20 to 40 per cent and all
. are marked in plain figures. We
guarantee every reduction to be ' i^r^£=ij^^s9 t **£*r \
Regular $2.50 electric seal horseshoe scarfs. \! \/ I X I]
Regular J2.25 river mink "."scarf si 'now. '.„.. ~\tT J? .
Shoe ecarfs, now S*> on • l w*- iW
Regular $3.00 sable hare scarfs'." two Tail" * . >^\
. now -...» «2 00 ¦ " ' : ''.'¦¦" ¦
Regrular $1.00 sable opossum ho'r's'e^hoe scarfs, now ..JU2.Tr.
Regular $4.50 stone marten opossum horseshoe scarfs, now S3»Oi> -
. Regular %i.o0 sable opossum horseshoe scarfs, with 2 brush tails,
now • ' JH'i I»O '
Regular «.00 river mink "horseshoe "scarfs." nowV.V.V.V.V.";!!!!"-."!«»IsO
Regular 57.00 sable fox scarfs, now 8."».00
. Regular $9.00 blue wolf scarfs, now - $G.2o
' , COLLARETTES.
Electric seal and bear collarette, regular $6.50-reduced to. .'.... «4.oO
River mink collarette, regular price $9.00r-reduced to $».5O
tlectrlc seal and n.utria collarette— regular price $12.50— reduced
• - to -_ ,.....-...' JBO.OO -
Electric seal and sable fox co ilarVtte," "regular* price "W5^"reduced
to S1O oO
Mink collar and reveres-regular p'rice '^reduced to "'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. fil'Jtltitt'
Krimmer collarette-regular value $20-reduced to 814.50
JACKETS
Our STeatJ 830, 22-lnch electric- seal lackets— reduced to.... SS4,2o
Regular $to electric seal Jackets with nutria collar and reveres—. i
reduced to ;. 832 OO /;
Regular $45 near seal jackets-aVinches" long-reduced 'to'. '.'.'." V.*34*.5O
.Regular $oO. 24-inch near seal jackets— reduced to....^ $3S.«">O •
- Regular $75 near seal Jackets with chinchilla collar and reveres—
reduced to ..- S52.3O
' , rf " L^i ... CAPES.
Electric seal capes with Persian yoke, 2 heads and 4 talls-H
Inches deep— regular price $22.50— reduced to......... ...#18.27;
.16 inches— regular $25.00— reduced to ::.. 8l!».7o
18 inches— regular $27 50-reduced to ;...; .:.«2ll&5 '
20 inches— regular $30.00— reduced, to .,82^.75 .
Electric seal capes with astrakhan yoke.-2 heads and 4 tails-14 ¦
,* } nc^ es deep-regular price $18-reduced to 813. .">O
16 inches^regular 520— reduced to #14 ¥K
18 inches— regular $22— reduced to ; ...SlS'iS *
20 inches— regrular $24— reduced to ; ...«1tI/S -
River mink capes— 14 Inches deep— regular 515.50— reduced:to. ..".»! 1 .SO
16 inches-regular 517.5!>-reduce^ to ..-. , 813!SU>
0^ i nc orp;o RArr^o/^v^flp
Jht leir^cst exclusive fur house in tKg, world. J
V 1 JOFFICERS OF THE WESTERN CANADA PRESS .ASSOCIATION WHO, WITH OTHER MEMBERS OF THEIR
ORGANIZATION, ARE ENJOYING THEIR THIRD ANNUAL EXCURSION FROM WINNIPEG;' TO CALIFOR
NIA. THEY ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY AND 'ARE STAYING AT THE RUSS HOUSE. - . , •
The committees of Ignatian Council. of
the Young Men's Institute have complet
ed all arrangements for the party that
Ignatian Council Party.
Thomas Galvln and Anita Clark,
charged with brutally beating and rob
bing Mrs. N. J. Foote in her rooms at the
Elysian, 566 Geary street, again appeared
Mrs. Foote Cannot Talk.
¦' STOCKTON,': Jan. '¦18.— Title to > the . new
high' school site of ! four .-blocks passed to the
'city *tp-day > when -the. High .School Board -paid
to : the representative of Mian Julia ,Weber. th.V
owner of the property,' $24, 00a.*-: Steps will be
taken : at • once - to advertise lor plans ; for a
building to cost about $130,000.-. \
A. J. Clunie Is Recovering.
». Andrew J. Clunie. State Insurance Com
missioner, who has been very ill at his
residence; 115' De Long avenue, with un
attack "of pleuro-pneumonia, is reported
by his physicians to be_.on the road to-re
covery." ; He ; has been confined to ,his . bed
for;oyer three weeks and it Is probable
that as many more will pass before he !s
entirely" wclT-"* '.' /*" ~~y.t ¦ " * '" ""
Captain Seymour' received a letter from
Chief 8. North of Vancouver, B.C.',-yes
terday informing him that William Robin
son, alias C. Janes, had been convicted of
passing bogus checks there and sentenced
to two years in the pentitentlary. Robin
son passed a number of worthless checks
in this city ' in December last, . among j his
victims being , Frank' H. Moon, saloon
keeper. O'Farrell. and Taylor streets, and
W.. Smith,' 370 Bush street. He forged the
name of Rev. Father Sesnon of San Ra
fael t©- the checks. .¦ , . . ¦
Bogus , Check Man Sentenced.:
¦During the past week the Police Judges
held over to the.Superior Court for trial
twenty-eight prisoners charged with, fel
onies. , This . is the largest number ever
held to answer :ln one week. -The next
largest "weelc was. in 1S7G, when Judpe
Joachimsen'' passed a- similar judgment
upon . eighteen prisoners. ¦--..•.
Many' Held for Trial.
John" Rlordan,' alias -Re'gan, and Charles,
alias \ Chippy : Aiken's, were brought f roni
San' Jose last .night by Detectives' Ryan
and ' O'Dea" and ' Policeman" Wlrizler ' and
charged: with burglary.: Several days ago.
it is claimed,;the;two.nien entered*a-sa
looh/on Howard street, neatv Third; af t«?r
the.: place" had'dosed; for ; the/ night ' arid
attempted to i'get ; away with, $650 which
was in .the cash drawer,- but were- frus
trated' by Mrs. | Smith,* the 'proprietress.
Rlordah, the rpolice say, wore ; a -mask,'
which . he /"dropped \ In I his '. anxiety to ' get
away from the saloon.. Both . men .have
been positively identified by Mrs. Smith. >.
Fail to Get the Coin.
A meeting will be held at "the Young
Men's Christian Association building to
morrow evening to arrange' the pro
gramme for the second annual session of
the State Conference of Charities arid
Corrections, of which Horace • Davis is
president. Tho session, which ,is . to -ba
held in this city and will be under the
auspices of the Associated Charities, will,
meet on February 14. The Rev. Samuel
Smith, D. D., of Minneapolis, -a well-l
known' organizer of charity, will attend,
tho conference.' Many charity ' workers
and delegates from all parts of the State
are expected to attend.' Citizens interest
ed in charity work are Invited to attend
the preliminary meeting.
for Annual Session of State
Board of Charities. . .
Arrangements Are Being Completed
: NathanielVF.:- He'rtz, radmlnistrator . of
the. estate of Eugene Gardner, a machin
ist,' who was killed by the explosion' of T a
boiler at the- brickyard of Gray Bros., at
Sixteenth" and Douglass streets, last' Sep
tember, filed . a suit* for $25,000 damages
against the firm yesterday. Mrs. Gard
ner, who was with her. hu$barid at the
time the occurred, was so-se
verely burned by the escaping steam that
she died ; within a } few/ weeks .after the
ftccldent./: It is ; alleged , in the . complaint
filed oh behalf i'ofth« heirs of the late
Mr.' arid .Mrs. Gardner that- Gray Bros.',
knowing that the boiler was unsafe, were
guilty, cf carelessness in" allowing Gardner
to goto work./," /.•
i ",' John ;.T. ," O f Rourke^ "who"/ was "severely
beaten; In > a ,'flght^he had | with Frank J.
O'Rourke last December,' filed \d suit for
$5^70; yesterday. .. He, asserts that he was
damaged • $5000 worth and was compelled
Gardner. *
for Deaths of Mr. and Mrs.
Gray/Brothers Asked to Pay $25,OOO
HEIRS OF PEOPLE KILLED'
•, IN ACCIDENT/ /BRING SUIT
will be given on next Friday night iri'the
Assembly, Hall of- the Native Song' build
ing. This is to'be an- invitation affair; and
a feature bf the'' evening will be the excel
lent ' music that is to be provided - . for
dancing. '. _;. '¦','¦ r,...-^-.-. '\ :>-i\:.> .¦; ¦.;'/¦ ,.',-:,¦:
Eailroad Company Files Deeds.
There were filed for record yesterday
twenty deeds covering the transfer of
forty-nine descriptions of property to the
Southern Pacific Company, which has
purchased, the land for depot and ter
minal purposes. The property comprises
the block bounded by Beale. Main, How
ard and Folsom streets, which was for
merly occupied by the Risdon Works. A
number of other pieces of property are
.also described in the vicinity of the Mail
•Sock as part of the transfer. No con
sfderation is mentioned in the documents,
they being In the form of trust deeds
conveying the property to different par
ties for the railroad company.
ion I Parliament, and A.' F. Plrie, ; editor
' of tbe Banner | of Dundas, -who Is famed
as the Chauncey Depew of ' .Canada. • W. r
•A. Speers; is the personal representative
of the Premier of the Dominion. Govern
ment, and E. -. Taylor represents the.fa
inous Hudson* Bay Company. -President
J. JY Ytiung of. the Herald of Calgary,
Alberta, is prominent not only as a jour
nalise but *as a politician and mining
man. • J. C. - Crome, who Is in Charge of
the excursion, is a prominent business
man of Winnipeg. . .;. " >
j The 'party j will remain here until Tues
day, when they will depart for Salt'Lake
jcity. .They, are scheduled to arrive in
St. Paul. on. the evening of January 25.>:
;~ ;' Visitors at Sap Jose.
i SAN JOSE. Jan. 18.— The Western Can-
; Patrick Joseph" Cotter, a street sweeper,
who was knocked down by, a Turk-street
car near the corner, of Turk and JFlllmore
streets last January, filed a suit for $3100
damages. *K: : - A-"--'/ V. '»
to expend JS70 to restore him to his usual
good health. . .
ada Press Association were the guests of
the Santa, Clara Improvement Club here
this afternoon. They arrived from the
south this morning. A reception commit
tee of prominent citizens met them at the
Hotel' Vendome, where they ' had break
fast. Carriages "were "furnished by 'the
Improvement Club and the journalists
were taken for a drive through I the or
chard districts' about the city. The visi
tors were greatly delighted with the miles
and TOiles of- trees. A visit was made to
the Santa Clara County Fn^. Exchange;
where the visitors .witnessed th« packing
pt prunes, and each visitor was presented
,wlth a sample" package of the, product.
Shortly before noon they left for San
Francisco..' ". . ¦ '.-"¦:
Glenboro j Manitoba: G. - H. Saults. Town
Topics. Winnipeg: ¦ Mrs. G. H. . Saults. Town
Topics.-: Winnipeg: .'W. A.- "Speers, Dominion
Government representative. Griswold, Mani
toba: Mrs. W. A." Speers. Griswold: Walter' M.
P. Scott. Leader. • Reglna. Assa.; Mrs. .Scott,.
Leader. Retina:" Crispin Smith. Kerald. Cal
gary. Alberta: Mrs. Crispin Smith. Herald. Cai
pary-.W. A. Shou'.ts. Age. Gladstone, Manitoba;
W; .1. Smale. News, Carberry, Manitoba.: John
Stovel. Farmer, Winnipeg: Mrs.' John Stovel,
Farmer. . Winnipeg: ' J. LyRoss,. Herald, Ham
ilton.-Manitoba; K.-TafTor, Hudson Hay Com
pany. Winnipeg: -G. Mitchell. Journal; Selkirk.
Manitoba; I. R. Toombs, Gazette. Stonewall.
Manitoba; Irvin Walke!-, Times,' Brandon, Man
itoba; D. D. Wood, civic representative, Win
-nlpes: F. H. Woodhull. Dispatch, Miami, Man
itoba: J. J. Young. Herald. .Calgary, Alberta;
Miss- Young.- Herald. Calgary.; .- . „ ,
There are some very prominent men in
the visiting delegation. .Among them are
Walter Scott, 'editor; of the 'Leader of
Rcgina, who is a member of the Domln-
Delegation Visits Chinatown as Guests of Press GIub 7 and Will Be
Tafcent to Park and GItff To-Dayv
.Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham have
recovered* a lot of property which, was
stolen by Edminster, from residents of the
Mission.'. It will be booked as evidence'
against' tne prisoner--- • -
It was learned last night that Edmln
ster,, prior to his being sent to the peni
tentiary from Oakland, attempted to com
mit suicide by JumplriK into the bay off
Fishermen's wharf. He was rescued after
considerable trouble, and when asked for
an explanation said he was tired - of life,
and wanted - to die. Shortly afterward
he went to Oakland and committed the
for which he was sent to San
Quentin for two years. .
Thinking that the unfortunate woman ,
was .about to collapse? Detective Tom"
Ryan, who was present, led her from the
prison. After considerable persuasicn
she was induced to leave the Hall of Jus
tice, after saying she would call again to
day to see her burglar husband.
. "I know I deceived you," he remarked
as tears gathered in hfs eyes. "For the
sake of our little girl let me be buried
within the walls of San Quentin or Fol
sqm. Don't tell her that her father was,
a thief;* teach her to forget me."
Edminster was taken from his cell and
seeing hls^ wife standing near the booking
desk he "ran to . her and, throwing . his
arms around her neck, asked her forgive
ness.
"1 must see him," she pitifully cried.
"I know that the police have made a mis
take." .
"I know It is all off with me," he sadly
remarked shortly after be 'was formally
charged. "I guess I will serve the rest of
my ¦ life' in the penitentiary. . I am sorry :
for my wife, who is In aV delicate condl-.
tlon, and my little glrL God only knows
.what will become of them. However, I
am -guilty and must - take the conse
quences."
At least twenty people, who suffered at
the hands of Edminster, or who saw him •
leaving the houses of his victims, visited .
the City Prison yesterday and positively '
identified him. Late in the afternoon his
wife appeared at the prison gate and.
with tears streaming down her cheeks,
begged , to be allowed to- enter.
Edward Edminster, the cobbler burglar,
who was arrested Friday afternoon by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea, was booked
last night on six charges of burglary. E<I
mlnster, who is well connected, J keenly
feels his disgrace. -... \
Willing to Plead
Guilty.
Miss'on- House Breaker
Mr. Tallant pleads 6elf-defense for
striking the match. He nad lost his way
in the mountains and when night came
was obliged to build a camp fire to pro
tect himself from the frost- <• -V. :
Mr. IVood worth will therefore bring: suit
in the name of the United States against
Mr. Tallant for $50 damages, and Mr. Ta!
iant will pay the money without contest.
Nothing further was heard on the sub
ject until yesterday, when Mr. Wood
v.-orth received a letter from Mr. Xewhall
Ftating that justice would be appeased If
Mr. Tallant paid $50 into Uncle Sam'o
treasury for the Injury done to the re
serve and as "smart money."
ilr. ' Xewhall. who loves trees better
than most Inen love their dogs, was still
insistent on beginning' a criminal prose
cution against Mr. Tallant, but Mr.
¦\Voodworth would not consent, and Mr.
Xewhall went away after saying- that he
ti-ou1g write to Washington about the
matter.
"If t he has done any- damage 1 *am will
ing to begin a civil proceeding against
him for' damages," said Mr. Woodworth.
Several weeks ago C. S. Newhall, super
intendent of the reserve, called upon
United States District Attorney Wood
worth and asked that criminal proceed
ings be instituted against Mr. Tallant for
setting the woods on.Crc. As the maxi
mum penalty for building a camp flre In
the forest reserve is imprisonment for
not less than five years, plus a fine of
S1900, Woodworth required . particu
lars, Mr. Newhall made complaint to the
effect that Mr. Tallants camp flre had
spread over twenty square feet and
scorched some scrub oak and pine trees
Jir. .'Woodworth declined to begin crim
inal proceedings for a cause so trivial
against a respectable business man. Mr.
Xewhall protested, but his protests were
unheeded.
George Tallant of the Tallanf Banking
Company struck a match some time last
fall in the Sierra forest reserve, and la
consequence has become entangled In the
meshes cf the lew.
before Judge Mogan yesterday for prelim
inary hearing. Lucius H. Foote,was called
and testified that his wife was still unable
to talk owing* to her 'fractured jaw, and a
certificate was produced from Dr. Sher
man that; it would be twp.,weeks yet be
fore she could appear in court. The case
was .continued till to-morrow, and the de
fendants' bonds were raised from $2000 to
$4000 each. ' ¦ , ;' • . - -.
Crag and Canyon. Banff, Alberta; Mrs. R. G.
Brett, Crac and Canyon, Alberta;. M. C. Ber
nard. Aibertan. Calgary. Alberta: J. R. Grant,
Commercial. Winnipeg, Manitoba: Miss E.
Bain. News. Carberry. Manitoba: H. C. Clay,
Reporter. Rapid City. Manitoba: Mrs. H. C.
Clay. Reporter, RaDld City. Manitoba: J. J.'
Conklln. Free Press. Winnipeg; J. C Crome.
Mirror, Winnipeg: Mrs. J. C..' Crome, Mirror,
Winnipeg. Manitoba; H. Chevrier. Expositor.
Selkirk, Manitoba; J. A. Gagg. Advance. /St.
Fault?. Manitoba; Mrs. J. A. Gagg. Advance.
St. Pauls. Manitoba; G. Dickson, Courier, Crys
tal City. Manitoba; Mrs. W. D. Douglas, Trib
une. Winnipeg; Alexander Dunlop. Press. Nee
pawa. Manitoba; Mrs. A. Dunlop. Press, Nee
pawa. Manitoba: Mies Etta Faircbild. Trib
une. Winnipeg: V. C.' French. Times, Wetaskl
win. Alberta: W. J. Healey, Free Press. Win
nipeg; W. H. Hall, Newt, Wolseley, Assa.;
Mis* Mabel Hall. News. Wolscley. Assa.; B. A.
Huckell, Express. Carberry. Manitoba; Mrs.
Josie Huckell. Express, Carberry; George Har
per. Standard. Carman, Manitoba: Mrs. George
Harper. Standard. Carman, Manitoba: B. S.
Jenkins, • superintendent C. P. R. telegraph,
Winnipeg; Mrs. B. S. Jenkins. Winnipeg; W. J.
Kennedy, Advance, Virden. Manitoba: A. E.
Kenner, Free Ppcfs, Winnipeg; W. A. Myers.
Star. Shoal Lake. Manitoba; Mrs. -W. A.
Myers. Star, Sheal' Lake; K. B. McKay. Tel
egram. Winnipeg; G. R. McCush, Chronicle,
Morten. Manitoba; C. D, ' McPherson. Liberal,
Portage la Prairie; J. Morris. Pest, Edmonton,
Alberta: E. H. Macklln. Free Press, Winnipeg:
Mrs. E. H. Macklin. Free Press, Winnipeg;
J. K. Mclnnis, Standard. • Reglna, , Asea. ; John
Nichols. Sun, Grenfell, Assa.: Mrs. Frank
Oliver, Bulletin, Edmonton. Alberta ;• J. A.
Osborne, Sun, Brandon, Manitoba; Mis. J. A.
Osborne. Times. Fort Frances. Ontario; G.
Pingle. Voice. Winnipeg: Miss G. Pingle, Voice.
"Winnipeg; John Persse, ¦ Tribune. » Winnipeg;
Geoige Patterson. Times, Deloraine, Manitoba;
Mrs. George Patterson. Times. Deloraine ? A.
F. Pirle. Banner, Dundas, . Ontario; J. G.
Qulnn, Record, CardBton. Alberta; W. J. Samls
Oracle^ Olds, Alberta; W. T. Shipley. Gazette.
Protects Himself Against
Mountain Frost and
Gats Caught.
Editors Enjoy True
California Hos
pitality*
WORKERS FOB THE POOR %
PREPARE TOR CONFERENCE
List of Visitors.
John Appleton. Labor Gazette, Winnipeg.
Manitoba; B. Baldwinson, Heimskringla. .Win
nipeg,- Manitoba; W. B. Ballantyne, Journal,
Emerson, Manitoba; C. E. Bastin. Western
Prairie, Cypress River. Manitoba; R. G. Brett,
President. J. J. Young. Herald. Calgary. Al
berta : .first vice president, H. C. Clay, Re
porter, Rapid City. Manitoba; second vice pres
ident, E." A. Chapman. News, Rat Portage, On
tario: secretary. C H. SauIU; Town Topics,
Winnipeg, Manitoba: treasurer, John Stovel.
Nor* -West Farmer. Winnipeg, Manitoba: man
ager of excursion. J. C Crome, Mirror, Winni
peg. .
The party is made up of the following
named:
Last night the party was taken through
Chinatown under the direction of Detec
tives Gibson and Bailey, chaperoned by
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bunner, and all
points of interest were visited. On invi
tation of Chan Cnung. manager of the
theater on Washington street, the entire
party visited the place of amusement and
were afterward Chan Chung's guests at
Yuen Fong restaurant on Jackson street,
where tea. and sweets, were served.
To-day the visitors will be taken to the
park and Cfiff on observation, cars, • and
on Monday many of the party will visit
Mount Tamalpais. /The observation cars
will leave the corner of Market and Sec
ond streets at 1:30 o'clock sharp this aft
ernoon.
The officers cf the Western Canada
Press Association are:
hospitality has be
n come a byword with the members
(I . of the Western Canada Press As
>^^y sociatlon. who arrived In this city
yesterday. They sing the praises
of the Golden State, and are enthusiastic
in their appreciation of the courtesies ex
tended them by the citizens of the south
ern part of the State. *
Seventy-five editors and their wives and
families constitute the- party. Headquar
ters were established at the Russ House
In this city and the weary travelers were
welcomed.- During the last twelve days
they have traveled thousands of miles on
railroads . and have . viewed 'the wonders
of th.i country. A welcome has been
given the visitors wherever they stopped
that amply repaid them for their long
journey and cheered them on their way.
They v have teen wined and dined. At
every city or hamlet they have been
taken In hand by a reception committee
and shown the ' sights ' of the particular
section in which they were. During
their stay here they will be the guests of
the San Francisco Press Club.
Local Newsgather^rs
Will Entertain
Visitors;^;
EXPECTS TO END
DAYS IN PRISON
The attorneys who represented her case .
are H. I. Kowalsky, "W. E. F. Deal, Ed
mund Tauzsky and George R. Wells. Tha
attorneys for the* contestant were M. F.
Michael and William Rlx.
The estate bequeathed to Miss Getting*,
-who for more than a year lived with Ker
show at his apartments in downtown res
taurants, is valued at between $25,000 and
$40,000. -.:
"Whether the act was mental or me
chanical," says the court, "Max H. Ker
show wrote his name on that paper."
The question of jurisdiction was decided
in favor of the proponents. It was shown
that the Tale man had registered In this
city and also had property here, which, in
the opinion of the court, was enough to
show that "a foreign record had no force
and effect and was not a bar to the pro- ¦
ceedlngs.'*t • ¦ - i
"Her memory as to dates was more than
imperfect, even when her testimony as to
dates was shielded by a card within or be
hind her satchel on the witness stand."
The court also commented on the "In
firmities In the testimony of John Roland
and Alice Kennedy,'* the nurses who cared
for Kershow during bis last Illness, and
In speaking of Mrs. Kennedy's memory or
dates said:. . . v _
Court Takes Fling at Norse.
"Every element engaged in the defini
tion of a sound mind enters Into th«
structure of that letter." . •'..-,¦¦ - .
It was contended by the. brother of tho
deceased that. Max Kershow, through, ex
cessive Indulgence In liquors. . was not
mentally sound when he made su A a will.
Testimony was Introduced showing that
Kershow drank a great deal, but It. was
also shown that he at times sobered up
and that* on those occasions his mind was
clear and capable of dealing with business,
matter's -clearly and with great .foresight.
During one -of these sober spells he .wrote
to his brother' who was In Philadelphia,
to come oat to him. Tho court In refer
ring: to this letter, which was written a
short time before the will was made, said:
The 'will was made In April, 1901. It Is
In the handwriting of J. Morgan Smith,.
who testified at the trial that he wrote It.
at 'the*" dictation 'Of Kershow. By the
terms of the. will Car It on M. Kershow. a
brother of the . testator, was to. receive
$5000; J. Henry Kershow and P. Kerahow,
his uncles,- were to receive J1O0O " each;
Alice Kennedy, a nurse, $1000, and J.' Mor
gan Smith $300.. All the rest. and residua
of tber estate wasleft, by Kershow to bis
"sincere and devoted friend, Rhea Get
tings*." • - i ... : . . t ; i
Wrote "Will When Sober.
It was also claimed ! by the contestant
that- the signature of the document; was
not written by the testator; that th©-slg
natures of. the subscribing witnesses, J.
Morgan Smith and A. J. Meadows, wera
not written at the time the purported will
was signed, and that this court had no Ju
risdiction in the matter. All these claims
are disposed of In fifty typewritten pa^es.
which In addition to being an opinion Is a
complete review of the testimony, offered
at the trial of the contest, „..>;*' ,'
The will of Max H. Kershow, th© Yale
athlete who died at Tortoni's last May,
the probate of which was contested by hid
brother, Carlton M. Kershow, on th»
ground that when the document was exe
cuted the collegian was not of sound
mind, was sustained In a decision handed
down In Department - 9 of the- . Superior
Court yesterday. « . .:•;"./.!
TALLAHT'S FIRE
PROVES GOSTLY
Chairman Anderson will go to San Jose
on Tuesday for consultation ; with those
most interested in the. matter. As soon
as details ' are arranged the call for the
convention will be issued. It was agreed
that the' basis of representation should be
one delegate for every twenty-five mem
tcrs on the rolls of the various clubs, the
presidents, vice presidents and secretaries
being ex-officio delegates. As the league
row has on its rolls nearly 5S.0M members,
the prospects for a great convention are
most promising.
"We do not want this committee to
nake any arrangements for the third day
of the session. That is to be San Jose
day. We Trill make arrangements to take
you to ilount Hamilton and give you a
daylight peep at the stars. We will take
ycu through orchards and show you the
ripening fruit on the trees, and then load
you down -wittf the flowers that give' to
cur city the nam^ Garden City." '
Ail the necessary committees — finance.
Invitation, press, transportation, accom
modations, etc.— will be composed of the
Hepublicans of San Jose and other places
in Santa Clara County, and will co-oper
ate with the committee which met yester
cay. . . • . „ ¦ -
Dr - i^cGraw, speaking for the people of
San Jcie, said they were doing every
thing in their power to make the affair a
memorable one in the history of the Re
publican party of this State. He said:
After a general discussion as to the best
plans to follow it was decided to adopt
the rules of the last convention, held at
Los Angeles, with a few minor modifica
tions. The meeting will be called to order
on the morning of April 14 In the big
Agricultural Pavilion, which has a seating
capacity of SO0O. As soon as the commit
tees on credentials, order of business and
organization are appointed the time dur
ing which the committees are preparing
Their reports will be consumed in listening
io short speeches from orators selectee
ircm among the delegates.
Among those whose names were men
tioned for set orations and to whom topics
will be later assigned were S. M. Short
ridge. Duncan McKInlay. W. H. L. Barnes
and Frank H. Short of Fresno. As the
anniversary of the assassination of Lin
coln occurs during the time of the conven
tion exercises in honor of the memory of
the martyred President will be held.
At the meeting of the executive commit
tee held yesterday afternoon in the rooms
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee at the Palace Hotel there were pres
ent Alden Anderson of Suisun,.who pre-
Eided; G. R. Lukens of Oakland. J. R.
Knowland of Aiameda^ Dr. D. F. McGraw,
representing the Republicans of San Jose,
end Jacob Steppachcr of the State Cen
tral Committee-
Saa Jose is preparing to extend a royal
welcome to the delegates to the conven
tion of the State League of Republican
Clubs, which will meet in San Jose on
April 14 and continue* in session for three
days. Provision Is to be made for the ac
commodation, of between 2500 and 300D
quests, including, in addition to the dele
gates, prominent Republicans of this and
adjoining States.
Decision Admits the Dis
puted Document to
Probate.
Third Week in April Date
Gathering.
Selected for a Grand
Court Holds That - the
Yale Man Was Men
tally Sound.
Republican State Clubs
to Meet There in
Convention.
KERSHOW WILL
IS SUSTAINED
SAN JOSE PLANS
ROYAL WELCOME
JOURNALISTS OF WESTERN CANADA RECEIVE
WARM WELCOME ON ARRIVAL IN THIS CITY
SAX FRANCISCO, 1902.
iPiiil
¦ . '¦:': -v ¦ ¦ . . . . . ¦"•-¦/¦ -. '¦ .' ='•'.'. "¦ '':-[¦¦¦ > < ¦ ¦"•" ;'.¦-¦'- '¦-'- v ¦ • '
Pages-29 nCHICAGO, Jan. J 18.— Judge Smith to-day
denied a motion for a new trial for Alex
ander Sullivan, recently convicted of con
spiracy to keep James Lynch, a fugitive
from justice, out of the State. The court
took a motion for arrest of judgment un
der advisement.
• N. S. Hand, the handicapper of 113
Stockton street, gave his subscribers five
straight winners Friday, including Ulloa,
15 to 1, and Sister Jeanie, 7 to 1, and four
more yesterday, making a total of nine
out of a possible twelve. A straight play
of $10 on each of his selections netted $272
for the two days. •
Picked Nine Straight Winners.
Frank O'Nell, the lightweight rider who
came out here to ride for Walter Jen
nings, departed for New Orleans yester
day. Frank was a real "Garrison" at St.
Louis last summer, but needed a lantern
while at Oakland to "see a horse." After
inhaling some of the hot air down at
the Southern metropolis he ought to cut
quite a figure In the racing there.
Desire Stronger Craft.
GLASGOW, Jan. IS.— The British Gov
ernment has Invited tenders on the Clyda
for ten torpedo-boat destroyers, larger
and stronger but slower than those here
tofore bnilt. The idea of the Government
is reduction of speed to twenty-five knots,
which will be more than compensated for
bi superior power, more reliability ana
greater coal room. '
2^J9^ffP. ft^CETIlAck—Saturda^
3161. i. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling : three-year-olds'; to first. $325. '
*i ¦¦-¦, ¦ ¦> • ¦ • ¦ ' - • ... , • . ••• • , •¦ . - ~—~ r -Bettln*.
Index Horse- and Weight. St. , %. • %. Str./ Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3138 Jacqueminot 110 3 12 11 14 14 Jennings & Co. .Bullman : 6-5 .8-5
3150 King Herald 100 5 2h'21 2% 2n Grossheim & Co.O'Conn ., 10 IB
3157 Killdoe . .....111 0 42 3 H 3 % 3 %.- B.- Schreiber ...Mounce ¦•> 2-3-2
SV2U Halmetta 107 1. & 53 5 2 44- \V. H. Ketcheman. Jacks 9
In Ko .....107 7 32 4 2 4 h '. 6 4*. D. J.-Ross. . . . . .RanBCh 15 "SO
olGO Discovery 107 2' 02 62 62 6 1 L.. McCreery.Fauntleroy 5 20 150
aiOO Bendara .;* 1121 0 8 4 7 4 ' 7 1 .7 1 J. Burrows Troxler 6 . 15
2855 Sand d© Lee 107 8 73 81 83 84. Ted Hayes J. Daly j 60 \ 200
o!13 Esternell 107 4 9 9 9 9 ' J. W.. ; Schorr. .J. Woods] '10 30
Time— y. :23%; %. :4S; %, 1:00%. Good start.' Won cleverly. -Second and third driving.
Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by Darebin-Red Rose. Winner best. Mounce on Kill- .
doe waited too long. Halmetta well played. -Ingo has' speed. Bendara ,no speed.
Wandering Boy ¦Arlgato lOa. Malasplna 107 _ ,¦ ____--_- ) ------ f^'
3102. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling ; t»ree-year-olds and up; to first. |32&
~ ~~ ~ T 7 " ~ ? ~ ~ ! ¦ i ! Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . V4- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3143) Afghan, a .. 127 5 44 33 3 4 1 n W. H. Ketcheman.. Jack 7-5 9^5
3132 Saul of Tarsus, 5.127 2 2 4 1 »4 1 }J 2 4 S. McNaughton.... Burns 3 7-2
3150 John Peters, 3.. 10« 4 'In 2 1 2 h 3 2 J. W.' Schorr.. J. Woods 10 15
30S5 Dandy, 3 106 004 51 4141 Montana StaDle..O'Conor 10 9
J13« Legal Maxim. 3.. 103 1 5 3 4 2 5 X .' 5 l v H. L. Jones & Co. Ransch ¦ 5 6
3060 Sweet Caporal, C.lll 3 3 h- 6 16 6 0 10 Quintan. & Peck.Bullmn 3 4
3010 B. Bohmanson. 4.109 O 8h 7 ii 7 1-, 7 3 Klunder & Burns. ...See 40 60
3107 Geo. Whitney, 3:. 106 10 10 W 918 1,81" F.Philllps .....Sheehan 100 600
(2031) Haralamb. 4 ....123 7 I) 2 10 9 1. 9 1' Secrest.& HubbelU .Con 60 150
293C Luca, 4 107 8 7'h 8 h 10 .10,. Wofford & Co.Waterbry •• 40 100
3130 Remora. 4 .107 « '. -... ... Mallowmot F..L. A. Jck ; 60 100
Time— To % :21#; to %. :45%; last %. 1:00%; short %, 1:10^.- Good start. Won all out.
Second and third driving. Winner W. H. Ketcheman's ch. g. ¦; by 'Inverness- Affinity.
.Afghan a handy horse with weight up. Saul" of. Tarsus ran to form. -Peters 'quit. Dandy
__^mproving. Sweet Caporal was sore. Scratched— Ural 109. 'Left. I
3163. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;' to first, $325. - • ' *""
Index Horse 'and Weight St. %. 9i- Str. ' Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op! °ci.
(3144) Thaddeus i..H5 2 .... lh lh; lh • Burns & Waterhs.Spenc 1-2 1^3
3151 Arabo .'..105 1 ... 8 V, . 2 n 2 1 ' W.B.' Jennings... Burns 50 40
3139 Past Master ....106 5 ... 4h 3 % 3.1 Chlnn & Forsythe.Fntly 15 40
3126 Honlton ..'....;. .10© 3 ... 62 4% 4 h ' W. O'B. Macdn'gh.O'Con ¦ 3 9-2
3144 Ml' Reina % 112 7 ... 6 2 6 2 .'5% Baldwin & Co.: J. -.Woods 6 12
•3139 Clarinette :..... -100 4 ... 2 1 6 1 < 6 .1 Burlingamo Farm.. Jacks 10 15
3126 Len Reno ..109 6 ... 7 6.76- 7 '10 ' Dickey Str Under... Kelly '' 60 100
Minnie Trosel ...115 8 ... 8 8.8 J. E.. King & Co.Shlelds 20 60
Time— Yt, :25; %, :49. Good start Won first' three driving. ' Winner,-. Burns & Water
house's ch. g. by Altamax-Talluda. Thaddeus kept busy "at finish. Somebody must have
; .hollered "Police!" scaring Arabo. Honlton failed to last. He was also bumped by Past
'- - I^ a 5l e T--- . ' v ••;¦¦•¦•. ¦ ' . ;.-'¦ -¦....' ;....¦
3104. FOURTH RACE— 1% miles; McLaughlin Sell. Stakes; 3-year-olds up; to first, $1200.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %• %¦' Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3152 Scotch' Plaid, a. .07 1. 11 1%11%12 Burns & Watrhs. Ransch 8-5 * 3-2
3140 Constellator. 5 105 4 21 32 4 2 % " T. ¦ H. Ryan...J. Woods 2 4
(3124). Horton, 6 104 2 4 4 3n 3 3 J. McGovern...T Burns 8-5 1
3094 Frangible. 5 97 3 3n *2n >2n 4 F. A. Boas Jackson 10 20
Time— M, :24%; %. :60; %, 1:16; mile, 1:40%; l%m. 1:53%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by Midlothian-Mottle
Winner pulled up in bad shape. Constellator possibly short a bit. Burns may have moved
too soon with Horton. but It is doubtful whether matters could have been reversed
Frangible a "mudder." Scratched — Greyfeld 100. - •
3105. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Woodland Handicap; 3-year-olds up; to first, $500.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. : Op!" 11 ?!.
3147 The Pride, 6 109 3 5 10 5 6 5 % 1 ns T. H. Ryan....J. Woods ~ si 7
(3110) Homestead, 3. ...113 1 2n 3% In 22 G. B.Morris... O'Connor 8-5 '•' 2
(3134) Prlnc. Titania. 4. 93 7 62 64 32 34 Caesar Young... Jackson 4 6
3148 Kitty Kelly, 5.... OS B 43 2& 2 1 4,1 W. L. Stanfleld.. McGinn 10 30
. 3140 Rey Dare. 4 00 0 7 7 6 10 6 10 C. G. White J. Daly 10 15
gl*7> Sly. a. 115 2, 14 12.4a 05 D. M. Hanlon.. .Spencer 6 10
(302.) Mercer, 5 106 4 3 1 42 7 7 J. E. , Rlchardson-Redfn 5-2 8-5
Time— Yt. :23>/4: %. :48; %, 1:14%; %, 1:27. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner
T., H. Ryan's b. g. by Dundee-Beeswing. The Pride stayed longer than usual. His was
a nice race to-day. Homestead swerved at the end as O'Connor drew his whip This
action probably lost the race. Princess Titania almost left. Away well she could have
won. Sly quit. Mercer bled. Scratched — Lapidus 101. - .
31CC SIXTH RACE — One mile; . four-year-olds and up; to first. $325. • • . ¦
Index Horse.' Age." Weight. St. %: ' ',&. Str. FH. Owner and Jockey. Op!" 1^.
31SO Vesuvian. O.TT... 114 2 3 1% 1 1 1 n 1 1% Jennings & Co.". Bullman 1 «~^
3003 Janice, 4.: 106 4 5h 5h 2 1 2 2 G. B. Morris. O^Connb? ' 2 "
.-S14O. Headwater. 0 Ill « 4h 3h, 3h 3 5 Jones & Co. .J Matthews 6 T
3148 Edgardo. 5.......111 6 6 6 " 4 1 4 4 J. Burrows. ..;„ Jackson 10 40
3147 The Fretter. 6.... 114 1 2n 2h 5 1 5,% F. J. O'Rourke . Mounce 5 t
3145 The Miller, 6.... Ill 3 1 h 4n 6 U G." P.\McNell..A. Kelly 20 100
Time— %. :20; %. :50V4; %, 1:16; mile, 1:41 U'; Good start. Won cleverly Second and
third driving. Winner W. B. Jennings & CoT's b. h. by St. Andrew-Hof" Spring Ve
suvian cut out the running on this particular occasion. Janice couldn't catch him Head
water broke away from the barrier all right. Edgardo bumped repeatedly. So wasThV
Miller, an unusual thing for him. The Fretter quit.
Preliminary Census Report Eelating
to California Shows Some In
teresting Figures.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The census
preliminary report on the manufacturing
industries of California shows 17.583 estab
lishments, increase BD per cent; capital,
$205 295 025. Increase 40 per cent; average*
number wage-earners. 91.047, Increase 23
per cent; total wages, 547,525,947, increase
15 per cent; miscellaneous expenses, $1G.
190,282. increase 25 per cent; cost of ma
terials used. $188,125,602, Increase 57 per
cent* value of production, including cus
tom'work and repairing, 5302,871,7(51, in
crease 42 per cent.
The capital and value of products for
cities separately reported follow:
Los Angeles— Capital, $11,742,333, In
crease 72 per cent; products, $22,297,537, in
crease 115 per cent.
Oakland— Capital, 56,564,651, decrease 4
per cent; products, $9,174,257. Increase, 7-10
Pe Sacramento— Capital. $7,02.313. increase
33 per cent; products, 5U.7S5,621, increase 13
per cent.
San Francisco— Capital, $30,103,267. In
crease 7 per cent; products. $133,069,415, de
crease 2 per cent.
San Jose-Capltal, 53,409,617; products,
54,410,062. San Jose was not reported sepa
rately in 1S90. / ,
MANuTACTTTErN'G ZNTHTSTBY
SHOWS MUCH HTCBEASE
Democratic Steering Committee in the
JEEouse Reaches a Decision
,. on Policy.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The Demo
cratic steering committee of the House of
Representatives reached a decision to-day
on a line of policy 'to be recommended to
tli^ caucus of the minority in the House.
The committee also agreed to request
Representative Hay of Virginia, chairman
of the Democratic caucus, to call a cau
cus for next Friday night, for the pur
pose of passing . upon . the report cf the
steering committee.
The steering committee Is made up of
twelve Democratic members of the House.
They were appointed soon after the pres
ent session began' to -take --under consider
ation various resolutions which were pro
posed, declaratory of the attitude of the
Democratic party and Its representatives
in "Congress. Unusual secrecy was ob
served as to the agreement reached to
day, ~ a resolution being passed binding
each member to absolute silence. The
only announcement authorized by Chair
man Richardson was that an agreement
had Veen reached, and that pending its
submission to the caucus it would not be
mads public. It is understood that the
agreement Js to the effect that all ques
tions shall be referred to the full caucus,
so that the latter body will have an op
portunity to discuss the various questions
of party policy which have been under
consideration. .. •', '
QUESTIONS MUST GO
TO THE FUI/L CAUCUS
The ! first half s of the home-and-home
golf tournament-: over jj thirty-ste holes,
match play, between teams of ladies rep
resenting the San Francisco and Oaklana
Golf clubs, was -played" yesterday moru
lngr on the links at Adams Point. The re
sult was a win for Oakland 10 up. The
Oakland team was captained by Mrs. r.
E. Bowles and the San Francisco team
by Mrs. Laurance T. Scott. As one or
the San Francisco team failed to present
herself Mrs. P.< E. Bowles scored 2 up
by default. Mrs. R. G. Brown headed the
San Francisco team and scored 2 up
against Mrs. H. H. Sherwood, who Play? 3
number one on the Oakland team. The
victory of the Oakland eight was almost
wholly due to the excellent play of Mrs.
\V. P. Johnson, who played against Mrs.
Laurar.ce T. Scott, winner of «the
women's championship at Del Monte last
year. Mrs. Scott was 9 down. Miss Ives
and Miss McBean each scored 2 up for
San Francisco. The Oakland ladies' total
score was 16 up and that of the visitors
6 up. leaving the home team winners by
10 up. The results are given In full in
the table:
•By default, t Absent.
The concluding half of the match will
be played next Saturday on the Presidio
links. The scores made on both days
will be reckoned together and the winners
will carry off a sliver cup as a trophy of
victory.
Gear continues: "To be tola they •will
have a fine assessed if they dare accept
a position In another league where bet
ter money was paid was an action of this
combine, the minor leagues, directly
against the Interests of tho players and
was striking at the very root of tho
Players' Protective Association. It at
tempted to destroy all the good the union
had done Tor the players and I. as secre
tary of the association, will send out let
ters to all members warning them
against this new combine organized- la
the interests of the managers and to fur
ther shackle the players."
Gear wrote to-night to President Daly
in regard to the matter and will press It
to an issue between the players and
Powers' organization.
Gear further states the reserve clause,
against which the players fought and
which really resulted In the organizing of
the players, Is the foundation of the asso
ciation of the minor leagues. A player
must respect a reservation or be subject
to a heavy fine— $1000 for leaving the.
Western League or Eastern League.
The players, Gear says, hav© secured
the concessions asked from the National
and American leagues and it is not their
Intention to have the minor league offi
cials, who have always posed as friend3
of the players, act against their inter
ests. ' ¦ -
KANSAS CITT. Jan. IS.— Dale Gear,
secretary of the Baseball Players* Pro
tective Association, gave out an interview
to-night which indicates a clash is im
minent between the players' organization
and the National Association o£ Minor
Leagues. Gear says the reported declar
ation of officials of the minor associations
will certainly be resented by the players
who are fighting for freedom and that
they "will not stand Idly by and allow
themselves to be handled as & lot oC
slaves." '.
Return Match Will Be Held
on the Presidio
, Course.
Will Oppose Any Attempt
to Curtail Their Priv
ileges.
THE: CALL'S RAGING 'FORM CHART;
py|-^HERE was a void In the pocket
I i of many a spectator at Oakland
.1 r track yesterday .when. Horton,
•JA wlth;Tommy Burns in the saddle,,
. finished third for the McLaughlin
Belling stakes, valued at $1500. v Even if the;
distance, one mile and a '. furlong, j was
somewhat of an oddity for him, the little
chestnut is such a popular favorite . that
his odds fell from 8 to 6 to even money.
But even the skill and tenacity of the
redoubtable Tommy failed on. this occa
sion. Form players figured the most dan
gerous, of 'the other three starters was
Scotch Plaid, picking up but 97 pounds.
They hit. the nail on the head, for. at the
start J. Ransch went out in the lead with
the Burns' & Waterhouse entry, and, al
ways the pacemaker, he. won'- pricking his
ears two lengths in advance of. Constel
lator. Burns made his move- on the far
turn with Horton, but when the mile had
been coverad looked beaten, and no end
of hard urging could move him up to the
leader. It was expected Constellator wouM
go out for the lead, but he was rated by
Jackson, which possibly did not improve
his chances. Frangible made, only a fair
showing. The winner pulled up lame and
will probably do no more racing for some
time to come. . . <
Despite the gloomy and threatening as
pect of the weather- there j appeared no
diminution- in the attendance. A light
downfall. of rain which started in after
the second race only served to lay the
dust Favorites performed creditably,,
capturing four of the six events.
None the less disastrous, pernaps, was
the defeat of Green Morris' crack colt
Homestead by The Pride, for the "Wood
land handicap at seven furlongs. Just a
nose separated the pair at the •wire, and
to the fact that O'Connor, drew his whip,
allowing the three-year-old j to • swerve
with the wire within reacti, many ascribe
h;s downfall; Mercer, the mount of little
Redfern, closed favorite, with Homestead,
shouldering 113" pounds, next , to top
weight, second in demand at twos. At
.the start, which was > not one of Dick
Dwyer's best. Spencer went out In front
with Sly, closely trailed by Kitty... Kelly
and Homestead. There was little change
in this order until well into the stretch,
when O'Connor assumed the lead with
his mount. Johnny Woods all this time
had been riding a patient race on The
Pride, and in a well timed challenge he
caught Homestead leg weary, gaining the
decision by a nose. Almost left at the
post. Princess Titania came from the
backwoods, finishing a close third. While
in a prominent position, Mercer, the fa
vorite, bled, falling back to the rear. At
one time 10 to 1 could be obtained about
the winner. .
Walter Jennings took the first purse
with his Darebln filly Jacqueminot. She
closed equal favorite with the Schreiber
entry Killdoe, and ridden by Bullman led
all the way. O'Connor landed King Her
ald in the place, while Killdoe ran third.
* In races where the scale of weights Is
raised, Afghan seems to be a difficult
horse to beat. The chestnut went. to the
post favorite for the Futurity course
sprint carrying 127 pounds, with Lee Jack
son up. After Saul of Tarsus and. John
Peters had tired Jackson moved up with
his mount, leading Saul out a neck.
The two-year-olds we*e asked to go half
a mile, and the, Burns & , Waterhouse
youngster Thaddeus was again returned a
winner. His was not an easy victory,
however, for Spencer rode him out to the
last ounce to down Arabo a head, in Hi
seconds. The latter colt had 50 to 1 chalk
ed about him, and showed marked im
provement. Past Master ran a gofod
third.
Judging from his latest effort, Vesuvian
is now a front runner. The Jennings
horse wap the whole thing In the betting
on .the closing mile run, and led from
start to finish. Janice finished second
and Headwater third.
Track Notes.
Killdoe shows to better advantage
when allowed to sift along out. In front.
Sweet Caporal, one of the choice offer
ings in the second race, runs as if
afflicted with the gout. 1
Thaddeus appears to be onj of the use
ful sort, that no matter. In what kind
of company they start— just win.
The fearfully hot'pace in the last race,
the first three-quarters in 1:16, must have
made The Fretter quit.
J. Ransch rode a nicely rated race on
Scotch Plaid.
Top weight and make the running was
asking too much of Sly.
The- Pride ought to be hard to beat
from now on. It looks as If he is thor
oughly acclimated.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. IS.— Crescent City
summary:
First- race, selling, six furlongs— Orla won,
B G. Fox second, Little Jack Homer third.
Time. 1:14. .
Second' race, selling, mile and four and a
half furlongs — Major Manslr won, J. G. Stead
man second, Star Cotton third. Time, 2:42.
Third race, three furlongs— Musical Slipper
won. Flash of Lightning second, Merry Sister
third. Time. :30. -
Fourth race. Live Oak Steeplechase, full
course — <Joley won, Bristol second, Capta'ln
Conover third. Time, 4:39V5- »''
Fifth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth —
Mynhcrr won ( Reseda second, Silver' Coin
third. Time. 1:47. --
Sixth race. Fix furlongs — The Hoyden won,
Lingo second, O'Hager. third. Time, 1:14.
Sharkey and Maker Released.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 18.— Peter Ma
her and Tom.Sharkey, who were arrested
yesterday at the Instance, it is alleged, of
the Law and Order Society, and held In
$5000 bail to keep the peace, appeared at
the magistrate's office to-day and were
discharged. .James H. MacFarland, the
promoter of last night's bout, who was
also under bond, was released. The magis
trate announced that as the men had not
committed any overt act, which 'might, be
construed as a violation of the, statute
prohibiting prize-fighting, there was no
complaint against them.
Baseball Club for Tacoma.
TACOMA, Jan. 18.— It is announced that
Tacoma will have a baseball club the com
ing season. President W. H.. '[ Lucas of
Portland has been here several days and
the preliminaries are being arranged. .A
meeting will be held to-night to elect
John S. Baker president. When the usual
guarantees are forthcoming, other officers
will be elected. '¦ ..
Close of the Baseball Season.
There was. no baseball game yesterday
owing to the rain. If the weather be clear
to-day the Nationals and the All-Ameri
cas will play their last game on this coast
at Recreation Park this afternoon. Some
of the players leave for home to-morrow.
A. G. Spalding Goes South.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— A. G. Spalding, the
baseball magnate, left 'to-night for New
Mexico and Southern California to be gone
a short time. , :
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Governor , Odell to
day announced that : after considering the
charge against Sheriff Caldwell of Buffalo, he
had decided to remove him from office. , Frank
T. Coppiu* ' ' appointed to succeed Mr.- Cald
well. -; \
Object to the Action
of Minor League
Officials.
Horton, the Favorite, Is Beaten for the Place by Constellator— The
Pride at IQ ;; to I . Downs Homestead a Nose for the Seven
; Furlong I Hahdicap--Four : Favorites Lead 'Out Their Fields
Defeat San Francisco
Players on Adams
Point -Links.
OAKLAND WOMEN
CLEVER AT GOLF
BASEBALL MEN
IN REBELLION
SCOTCH PLAID FINISHES FIRST
FOR McLAUGHLIN SELLING STAKE
VALLEJO. Jan. 18. — L. E. Houghton, a
weigher of coal at the navy yard, expired sud
denly while at work this afternoon. A team
ster entering the building where Houghton was
employed found him dead in a chair. Hough
ton was 00 years of age and leaves a large
family. . ¦•.••• • >. . ¦
PHOENIX, Arts.. Jan. 18. — Peter Edwards
has been arrested on the Blue River. Eastern
Arizona, for the murder of his companion,
a. Mexican, last October, not far from Wilcox.
He had the property of the dead man and cir
cumstantial evidence is strongly against him.
With His Team Mate He Establishes
a New Becord in This Class .
of Competition. ",
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 18.-A croWd
that filled all the available space in the
Second Regiment Armory witnessed the
finish of the six-day bicycle race to-night.
The contest was -won by Freeman aiv.i
Maya, the former rider by a remarkable
epurt crossing the tape a wheel's length
ahead of the second man. Four teams
covered the eame distance. 1004 miles and
1Q laps, breaking the best previous recor>1
by 38 8-15 miles. The former record, 9G6 3-10
miles, was established two years ago by
McFarland and Elkes in Madison Square
Garden, New York.
Five minutes before the finish the tail
enders retired, giving the track to Free
man, Monroe. Leander and Wilson. The
four men started. Leander leading, fol
lowed by Freeman, Wilson and Monroe
In the order named. Monroe was pocketed
by Wilson, but In the last spurt he edged
his way through and finished second, with
Leander third and Wilson last.
The teams finished as follows: Free
man and Maya, Monroe and McEachern,
Leindtr and Rutz, Wilson and Gougoltz,
1004 miles 10 laps; Chevalier and Fisher,
1004 miles 9 laps; Hadfleld and King, 1004
miles 6 laps; Mueller and Barclay, 1003
miles 9 laps.
CAXIFORKTA CTCXEB, WINS
THE SIX DAYS' CONTEST
Open stake No. 2, second round — Gecrge
Sharman's Chicago Boy beat P. Doyle's
Thelma, 10-1; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel
beat W. A. Maloney's Alway, 17-12; *H.
Lynch's Black. Bart beat T. Mailer's Bad Boy.
21-16; H. Lynch's Melrose Lad beat Pasha
Kennels' Rich Argosy, 11-5; H. Perlgo's Lady
Davenport beat E. L. Hathway's BriOget
Cleary, 1S-2; Joseph Connolly's New Moon
beat D. Roche's All Green. 12-5: T. Jolley's
Toronto beat Kelley & Hanley's Fearful Ship.
jO-5; J. Carroll's Auckland beat W. Cairns'
Gold- Ore, 4-0; Chlarinl Brothers* Santonin
beat D. Roche's .Bells o£ Shandon, 9-5; E.
Geary's Fair Oaks beat T. W. Bartels" Bogus
Brummel. 8-3; J. M. Halton's May Hemp
stcad bsat F. Rosenberger'S Master Bly, 5-0:
T. Burke's Lottie W beat H. H. Gray's Mad
Girl. 15-4; E. Geary's Roy Hughie beat F.
Rostnbereer's My Nell, 10-4; A. R. Curtis'
Wapsee beat Joseph Shea's Slim. 1S-12;
George Graham's Lady Newark beat Joe
Trade's Belle Rocket. 19-S; J. L. Ross' May-
Power beat D. G. Frantz' Lavona, 12-3; E.
Zelph'8 Glen Cbe beat T. Cox's Crockett Hill,
12-7; T. W. Bartels' Bogus Baron beat J. H.
Muller's Cruiser, 11-9: H. Lynch's Clarice
beat W. C. Badger's Alert. 15-4: P. C. Bliok's
Yellow Tall beat T. Burke's Sotoyome. 5-4;
O. Zahi's Mies Wilson -beat Joseph Connell's
Cosey. 14-5; C. Plckard's Bright Gold beat
D. Henry's Alice Louise, 22-1: L. C. Homan'n
Annie Coleman a bye: W. Cairna' Imperial
beat L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy, 9-3; O. Zahi's
O'Hara beat C. Glock's Alameda Lad, 6-1 i E.
Geary's Bonnie Hughle beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Aristocrat, ,9-7. .
Open stake. No. 1, first round — George Neth
ercott's Kreda C beat D. J. Healey's Tiburon,
4-1; George Sharman's Little Sister beat A.
R. Curtis' Charta; 14-11; C. Bonar's "Wild
Norah beat H. Schaffer's Fair Glen, 5-0; A.
It Curtis' Loyal Lad beat J. Moriarity's Klt-
Ueman. 9-1; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
beat George Knight's Shadow, 11-7; C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat L.. S. Barre's
Amedee, 12-10; A. Vanderwhite's Lear King
beat Sterl & Knowles' Olita. 17-10; - T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat E. Geary's Ruby Sankey,
5-1; E. Reddy's Full Moon beat E. Giary's
Fannie Hughie, 6-5; George Sharman's Black
Flush beat J. L. Ross' Fontenoy, 9-7; H.
Lynch's Merrimac beat A. R. Curtis' Kibosh,
11-M; T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat H.
Lynch's A. J. Martin. 10-3; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Archer beat F. Jones' Wedgewood, 9-6;
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat J. Cone's
Greenhall, 3-2r George Sharman's Firm Fel
low beat O. Zahl'8 Homer Boy, 7-6; A. R.
Curtis' Narcissus beat Chlarlnl Brothers'
White Hat. 5-0; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
beat P. M. Clarkson's Sofala, 5-4; E. Geary's
Fenii beat D. J. Healey's Lady Clare, 13-11;
A. R. Curtis' War Eagle beat P. Steinboff's
Veto. 5-0; Chiarinl Brothers' Tame Tralee beat
D. J. Healey's Fine Form, 14-10: H. H.
Gray's Rona beat Sterl & Knowles' Cold
Shivers. 14-10; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat
Chiarinl Brothers' Dewdrop, ' 5-4; D. J.
Healey'S Elista beat E. Geary's Ireland, 18-16;
Sterl & Knowle6' Freeze Out beat George
Nethercctt's Hickory Dick, 19-11; E. Geary's
Isonnie Pasha beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca;
8-7; B. Sllva's Matter Rocket beat H: Lynch'a
Lilac, 4-2.
In the second event Melrose Lad, Auck
land, Santonin, Wapsee, Mayflower, Bo
gus Baron, Clarice, Imperial and Bonnie
Hughie are the choice. .
The day's with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
In the other stake Chicago Boy, Lady
Davenport, .May Hempstead and Miss
Wilson are figured good chances. Other
likely winners in the second round are
Loyal Lad, Tralee Boy, Narcissus, Hap
hazard, Rona and Bonnie Pasha.
The big stake has an open look, with
Freda C, Little Sister, Roman Athlete,
Vandal, Merrimac, Harlean Gladys, War
Eagle and Freeze Out bunched at 6 to 1
in the long odds book. Freda C at the
top and "War Eagle at the bottom of the
card are the strongest candidates.
Xear the conclusion of the stake Ire
land, quoted at like odds, failed to make
good with Elista.
After a few shorter pVlced jipsets
Wedgewood added to the misery of. the
men of wisdom by allowing-. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer outwork him for the
flag. Wedgewood was -well* backed ' at 1
to 5. ; £;'; ':' );--..:. i
Sharman's Firm Fellow\ accorded j^lmi
lar treatment to Homer Boy, a' recent
stake- winner. He was so much inXftuvor
that the talent played him heavily r as a
1 to 5 choice. *%'¦']
In the course following Charta, A. R.
Curtis' stake-winner, was picked for a
good investment and her backers quoted
3 to 1 that she could outpoint Little Sis
ter. The speculators wsfe accommodated
quite freely, for Little" Sister in any com
pany Is not without stanch admirers.
Sister won the course in a long trial.
D. J. Healey's Tiburon was the first to
displease the magnates. Tiburon -was
figured to get well along in the stake and
was made a 3 to 5 choice over Freda C.
He made one point to. Freda's four.' -
Two stakes were run down yesterday
at Union Coursing Park and many 'good
trials resulted. In the stake of poorer
class the talent was In good form pick
ing winners. During the stake of twen
ty-six courses the judgment of the. wise
ones was reversed r in but four .instances,
none of which were . at odds strong
enough to worry. The happiness of the
big bettors was but temporary, for In the
run-down of the stake In which the
coursers of higher class contested the
knowing ones were given a shake-up the
memory of which will not be effaced for
a season at least. Eleven short ends
helped to put some heavy crimps In the
bank rolls of the capitalists, and long be
fore the programme had neared comple
tion many heavy investors quit the game
to fill downtown engagements.
The great setters and pointers In liae
Van Arsdale kennels will not be seerr in
competition again under his name. He
has leased his entire string to Charles
Babcock who in the past has served him
in the capacity of trainer. Dr. Daniels,
the pointer which won the All-Age stake,
will probably be taken East to the field
trials, together with some of the higii
class setters. Mr. Van Arsdale has never
sold a dog, any passing from his posses
sion being through gifts to friends.
Trainer Babcock can make such disposi
tion of them as he thinks wisest. The
kennels will be given some distinctive
name, In which the dogs will hereafter
be entered.
It was decided to hold next year's trials
on the second Monday in January at a
place to be selected by the excutive com
mittee. A vote of thanks was extended
Judge John A. Balmer Tor his conscien
tious efforts and his satisfactory decis
ions.
George Anderson of San Jose, S. Hodge
and Charles Douglass enjoyed some of the
shooting.
After the trials at Santa Maria the fol
lowing officers were elected for the Field
Trials Club for the enuuihg year: Presi
dent, Joseph E. Terry; first vice president,
W. W. Van Arsdale; second vice presi
dent, H. W. Keller; secretary-treasurei ,
Albert Betz; executive committee— W. S.
Tevis, Clinton E. Worden. C. JC. Post, J.
H. Schumacher and T. J. A. Tledemann.
Another party made up of J. Kllgarirt,
H. E. Keller, J. E. Terry and J. H.
Schumacher went out the same day and
shot over the crack dogs from W. S.
Tevis* kennel.
Fred Butler thought he had surely
found a Bportsmen'8 paradise. He se
cured the limit on quail each day with
hardly the expenditure of an extra cart
ridge. When his friends were starting
home he was preparing to go after
EngBsh snipe and had promised himself
some duck shooting and then another try
at quail.
When the trials were ended Mr. Van
Arsdale Invited a number of gentlemen to
shoot over his great dogs. In the party
were: Sam Cutler, C. W. HIbbard. T. J.
A. Tledemann, Judge Balmer, Mr. Elliott,
H. T. Payne, Mr. Trott and "Jim" Cooper.
The latter resides in Santa Maria and be
sides being a jolly companion In the field
he knew the habits of the quail as a good
shepherd knows the habits of his flock.
Men in the party familiar with conditions
throughout the State say no such shoot
ing 1b to be found anywhere else in Cali
fornia. #
Such quail shooting, they affirm, is not
to be found In any other part of the State.
th« birds being so numerous as to abso
lutely confuse the cleverest field shots.
The sportsmen were taken to a spot
•wbers there were thousands of birds in
bevies ranging from fifty to 500 each. They
COt Tip In front of the men, behind them,
to their rlgrht and to their left In such
numbers as to positively embarrass them,
lilmlt ba«s were the rule, Mr. Van Ars
4&le and the other gentlemen in his party
drew the CArtrldg-es from their guns when
they had killed twenty-five birds each.
On th« way to their wagons birds were
continuously starting up from under their
feet.
The eportsmen who attended the field
trials at Santa Maria are straggling homo
one by one. A few moments' conversa
tion with Frank Maskey, W. "W. Van Ars
dale, Sara Cutler or T. J. A- Tledemann
furnishes an explanation as to their re
luctance to leave the Banta Barbara foot
hill*.
Favorites in Special ~ Stake
Are Outpointed at Good *
Odds.
Birds Are Plentiful and Are
Found in Large
Bevies.
Sportsmen Report It
the Best in Entire
State.
Park Have Many
Upsets,;
Form Players at Union
QUAIL SHOOTING
AT SANTA MARIA
DOGS ARE GIVEN
HARD COURSING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAN0ART 19, 1902.
EVENTS ON THE RACETRACK AND GOLF LINKS.
30
bl
> JUAAVAA,
Oakland Golf Club. San Fran. Golf Club.
Players — ; Up. Players — Up.
Irs. H. H. Sherwood 0 Mrs. B. G. Brown... 2
.liss Hooper 1 Miss Alice Hagrer.... 0
Irs. I* G. C. Tibbetts 3 Miss A. C. Hoffman. 0
»Irs. W. P. Johnson.. 9 Mrs. I* T.. Scott.... 0
rllsa M. Deane...... 0 Miss Florence Ives.. 2
¦Ilss Alice Knowles.. 1 Miss Bertha Dolbeer. 0
.Ilss J. Moore 0 Miss Edith McBean. 2
drs. P. E. Bowles... *2 1 Miss Sarah Drum... t
Totals ..'........161 Totals 6
bl
> JUAAVAA,
Oakland Golf Club. San Fran. Golf Club.
Players — ; Up. Players — Up.
Irs. H. H. Sherwood 0 Mrs. B. G. Brown... 2
.liss Hooper 1 Miss Alice Hagrer.... 0
Irs. I* G. C. Tibbetts 3 Miss A. C. Hoffman. 0
»Irs. W. P. Johnson.. 9 Mrs. I* T.. Scott.... 0
rllsa M. Deane...... 0 Miss Florence Ives.. 2
¦Ilss Alice Knowles.. 1 Miss Bertha Dolbeer. 0
.Ilss J. Moore 0 Miss Edith McBean. 2
drs. P. E. Bowles... *2 1 Miss Sarah Drum... t
Totals ..'........161 Totals 6
0 . ¦ • . •¦ ;-¦¦¦ ©
w . ,.*'¦- ¦ ¦ ¦ - * J '*..'•*¦.
© - •. , : _... '¦ : ; • . ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ /¦•¦.. -• O
SI , / i fr j i . . I — —- — ¦ — n Are you tortured with a pain in your 8
|. j j |||J If j \ l \\ ¦ I " .-.ijSBvf (• back when you wake up in the. morning? |
© i -J Jll . ' | S| ! Does your back feel stiff and sore S
| ' i .y^^^SV t • ! when you get out of, a chair? |
S ' v- v '• \ "*" ¦' \5BBtf • ll Does it ache when you stand on your S
| J||S|h3 jy \ A V (^^^^^ feet for a while % ? ' |
i \ J I^^^^R Ali these ai^ e signs of weakness in the i
1 nerves! and organs which center at the |
1 ffi^&Tl&^S^Nr^SJ * s P^ ne - It is a serious matter, and will give |
S you ¦¦¦trouble' if neglectedijr g
| fmW^^^^m^^^^^^^li^^^^^^^ Weak Kidneys, Constipation, Varlcocele, Lum- 8
©^fflwfi^^^^^^^^i^^^^^^ bago, Rheiamatism, Wasting Vitality, Sciatica, ©
• > '¦*$$[ Qy^p^^l' tJtkS^JI WB^offl ( : Locomotor Ataxia aod Bnght's Disease' all.®
% Dp. McLaughlin Electric^ Belt Cures Back Pains in 5 Days! |
€> It cures forever, because it restores the warm; life to the weakened nerves and muscles. It pours into them ®
S a vigor which renews their elastic strength. I have cured many bad cases in, 5 days. ©
J. Lame and Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Lumbago. |
® DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I must saythat your Belt is the best DR. M. C. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Before using your Belt I suf ' d
| treatment (or .amc back or rheumatism ,ha, has ever been put in us,. P l,&^|^^^^l^^^^tfS^Sr^lSc^^^^^^!^iI
a Your Belt is 1 the acme of all medical appliances, and I would not be with- : o£ 4 lumbago, which I suffered from in addition. I am always glad to recom a
a ;^-^ i ... ¦... .- . • mend the .Belt. Yours very truly *•««* w
©. : out it S.W. WHITMAN,, Raymond. Cal.- - DAN DOUGHERTY, 146 Boyce Street, San Francisco, O
© The Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt is the only one in the world which can pour elec- . . ¦¦! - ©
© tricity into the body so that- the patient.canfeelit without burning and blistering. My. < , '. tlV!/'^ X \ I *I^ ' *
q' special .chamois cushion electrodes and regulator make this possible: No other belt on- r -O
© earth has them, hence all others that have any power must burn and blister the skin. ,*CZ<&0^$ft> h$f$fW fc^SJSii ©
© ' FPFF ROOK I{ P° ssible > cal1 and test n 'y famous Belt, free of charpe. I will /i^l|fej4^^^^§k-.^^te^^^\ §
Q TKCD DUUIV. te n y? u honestly whether it will help you or not. Examination ifll^^^^SSS^P^^^^^ffiM ©
© will convince you of its superiority over all other belts. If you cannot "call, send for my 'i >^ /i""^^§33&$A ©
|S 8o-page, beautifully illustrated book, with full information and prices. I send it, closely ES'^r^ \\ h is* ®
© F1P M C Mel AIJOHI IN 7 °2 banket St., Cor. Geary, li^3^^^5^^^^^^^b^^ g
O -U *v« *»»» a"*^*-'^ VJVJ I I L-I i^, «an Francisco. O
8 Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays iotoi.' NEVER SOLD IN DRUG m i ss±s^^^^^^^^^r =^ o
©-¦ v % ; ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ••.' ¦ : ¦¦¦. ¦ •-, ¦ •;>¦• ., . ;¦•-•; -,~; ¦ - , ¦. . . Oj
If you are looking for something stunning in Run-
abouts, Cabriolets, Drags, or any fashionable vehicles,
remember that we specialize in the highest and smart-
est types, and that our designs cannot be duplicated
elsewhere.
O'BRIEN 6c vSONvS
Golden Gate Aye eoxdPolK St.SAN DIEGO. Jan. 18.-»General Secretary
Baer of the Christian Endeavor Association
started northward to-day on his winter tour
of the coast. He. will speak ln Los Angeles to
morrow.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— Arthur Town
send lost the championship of the Na
tional Association of Amateur Billiard
Players to Edward Gardner of Passaic.
N. J., to-night in the final game of the
tournament at the Hanover Club, Brook
lyn.
Gardner Is Billiard Champion.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 13.— M. L. Charles,
who recently died at the county farm,
although supposed to be in destitute cir
cumstances, left $400 in cash to the public
schools of the town of Sonoma. For many
years Charles was on the indigent list of
the county. When the old man died ho
was buried In the potter's field. Citizens
of Soncma yesterday had his body disin
terred and it will be reburied in the beau
tiful mountain cemetery near that place.
Leaves Coin to Sonoma Tovrru
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— Miss Mary Mehr
mann, a sister to Coroner H. B.' Mehr
rcann, died last evening at the family
residence, 852 Isabella She had
been an Invalid for several years. Miss
Mehrmann was born In. Chicago ln 1S76,
but had lived in Oakland since her baby
hood. She was the daughter of Dr. and
Mrs. J. F. Mehrmann.
Death of Miss Zfehrmann.
Choppers, worked on the tree yesterday.
Intending to fell it after the night trains
ceased running. They had It nearly cut
through by evening and left it so. At 2
a. m. this morning a gust of wind struck
the tree and toppled it over.
Tails Across 3ST arrow-Gauge Tracks la
Alameda and Delays Local
Trains Three Hours.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 18.— Traffic on tha nar
row-gauga local line waa blocked this J
morning for three hours by a large euca
lyptus tree which fell during the night
across the track3 on Central avenue, near
Bay street When the first train from
High street for the pier arrived at Morton
street station the crew was Informed by
waiting passengers of the obstruction
ahead and the possibility of a smashup
wa3 avoided. It required three hours to
clear and repair the tracks.
LARGE TREE TOPPLES .
AND BLOCKS TRAFFIC
Resolved, That the secretary of the Oakland
Red Cross Society be instructed to send a copy
of above resolutions to Hon. Victor H. Met
calf, requesting him to place the petition ln
the hands of the President of the United
States for hla earnest consideration.
Resolved. That we earnestly petition that
the transport system be left under Govern
ment control.
Resolved, That from our position on the Pa
cific Coast It Is possible for the Red Cross
Society to fully understand the exigencies and
dangers attending the transport system.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.— The Oakland Red
Cross Society is opposed to tho abolition
of the transport service by the Govern
ment ln favor of private ownership. Reso
lutions protesting against the proposed
action were adopted yesterday at a spe
cial committee meeting, where the propo
sition was discussed. Mrs. Granville Ab
bott acted as chairman of the meeting
and Mrs. J. G. Lemon, who officiated aa
secretary, prepared the following resolu
tions, which were unanimously adopted:
Call Special Meeting: and Protest
Against Proposed Sale of
Transports.
BED CROSS LADIES FAVOR
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP,
Nothing waa found on the body which
would give any clew to the identity of
the man. He was about 35 years old, had
auburn hair and a light flowing mustache.
The clothing was of a gray material and!
well made. .^.':
The fishermen who found tho body llvs
within a short distance of the place whera
it was discovered ln the water. They
heard a shot at 7 o'clock last night, but
did not pay any attention to it as they,
thought hunters ¦were around.
Mystery surrounds the death, of an un
known and well-dressed man whose body
was found in the bay within 200 yards of.
Point Richmond at daylight this morning
by two fishermen, Andrew ; Storm and
Theodore Nelson. Within a few feet of tha
body on the bank lay a. big- navy revolver
that had :been discharged once. Thera
was a bullethole in the back of the dead
man's head, but in such a position that
Coroner Curry la iV doubt whether tha
man fired the pistol "himself or waa shot
from behind by some assassin. The fact
that there was not a cent ln the man's
clothes and that the pockets had been
turned Inside out bears out the theory ot
murder for robbery. The fingers of tha
left hand were powder burned, but tha
Coroner does not say what significance la
attached to this fact.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Jan. 13.
Empty Pockets Indicate That
Murdes and Robbery
Were Done.
Fishermen Discover Bul
let-Pierced Body in
the Tide.
STRANGE DEATH
ON BAY BEACH
Everything comes to the man who waits
on himself. " • }
Price War in Window Glass.
PITTSBURG. Jan. 18.— The fight in the
T.-iaaow glass trade becomes warmer each
SAN JOSE. Jan. 18.— Henry C. Drew a
pioneer of this county, died in this city
early this morning. He was a native of
Rhode, Island and 70 years of age. An
&£ed Widow and son survive him.
Henry C. Drew.
PORTLAND — Sailed Jan 18 — Ship Cantor, for
Queenatown. : •
SEATTLE — Sailed Jan 18 — Stmr Santa Ana,
for San Francisco. !
Arrived Jan 18— Stmr ProRreso, from San
Francisco." •¦¦ i • ' - . . ¦ , v . •.
• TACOMA — Arrived Jan 17— Br bark Puri
tan, from - Shanghai.
LATE SHIPPING INTEIjLIQENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. The following named hav« been Installed as
the officers of Court- Sutro. Heights, ; J*. O. A.,
for the current term: ; :. .- " . '
J Murray, past chief ranger; J." A» McCar
thy chief ranger; A.' L. West, sub-chief ran
ger; -W , B. Faulkner, treasurer; J. W. Qlea
dell, financial secretary; W. J. Bordadorl, rec
ording secretary; J. J. Redmond.' senior wood
ward; J.; H. .Allen," Junior < woodward; A. J.'
Styche i senior beadie ; - C. ; R. Clay, . Junior b«a
dle;'George K.' Small, C. E. Morey and H. M.
Locke; trustees; Dr. L. HVGrunig, physician.
Court Sutro Heights, F. O. A.
Charles H. Rodriguez.
MONTEREY. Jan. 18.-CharJes H. Rod
jlsuez, a member of one of Monterey's
old Spanish families, died at his home
here yesterday of cancer of the tongne
after a ler.g and painful illness. He was
born in Monterey and was in his fifty-sec
ond year.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Lord Wolseley la
busily engaged on his military history.
He has nearly completed the volume de
scribing Napoleon's campaign of 1796.
Lord Wolseley is also writing his own
memoirs, at tho conclusion of which : he
Intends to • again take up. the "Life of
Marlborough." \ < • - ; .\ ' 'i'^f A :;:¦&.•
Lord Wolseley as an Author.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 18.— About a
dozen witnesses were heard In the Jim
Howard trial to-day. F. M. Poore and
H. G. Robertson both testified that How
ard was in ¦ the Board 1 of Trade Hotel
when they heard that Goebel was shot.
Poore said he knew Howard well and de
scribed minutely the clothes worn by the
latter. He said he waa close shaven and
the description he gave did not tally with
the man seen by Bowman Galnes and
John Roke to jump over the fence in the
rear of the State House.
"Witnesses Testify for Howard.
GERMANTOWN. Jan. 18.-iJ. H. Story,
a pioneer farmer of Glenn County, died
last night at the age of 78. He is sur
vived by a son. R. H. Story, of German
town and a daughter, Mrs. B. Harbour, of
"Willows, besides grandchildren and great
grandchildren.
J. H. Story.
WELLESLEY, Mass., Jan. 18.— In a
statement made to the Selectmen of this
place former Town Treasurer Albert Jen
nings, who was arrested Thursday night
on a charge of forging a note for $5000,
admitted that he is guilty, both of forgery
and embezzlement, and that the amount
involved is $25,000. Jennings was released
on $4000 bail, furnished by, his sister. He
resigned as Town Treasurer.
Admits Forgery and Theft.
After the Installation there was the pre
sentation by Commamier Chaplin of a parade
saber- to Comrade Walsh, after, which : Past
Commander Geary delivered a very I interesting
address and remarks were made by , the new
officers. : Then • there was dancing and th«
serving of refreshments under the supervision
of Messrs. Walsh, Hermann, Riley, Jansen,
King and Stackhouse. , i, . - - r '
The ¦ officers of Oscar F. Long Garrison of
the Army and Navy Union were installed ' ln
public in the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing. The officers who were Installed by Na
tional Inspector General J. B. Denny are:
George W. Chaplin, commander; J. Moran,
senior ¦ vice, 1 and H. Miller, Junior; vice com
mander; H. F. Walsh, officer of the, day; E.
A. ' Stamm,-- adjutant; J. " T. : Scanlan, ' quarter
master; A. R. Holzled. paymaster; A. Moore,
chaplain; W. Anderson, : officer of the guard,
and J. H. Keese/ of fleer, of the watch. . :
Army and Navy Garrison.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Jan. 18.—Post
office Inspector Williams was notified to
day by Inspector Peer,- who made the ar
rest, that Joel E. Smith, editor of the
Constitution, a weekly publication at
Monticello. Fla., has been taken Into cus
tody charged with using the mails for
fraudulent purposes. Smith, it is charged,
has been advertising "for ladies to do
writing at home," and offering them $20
a month for their services. He was given
a preliminary hearing at Jacksonville and
held in a bond of {1000.
Editor Violates Postal Laws.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 18.— Judge "William
H. Dewltt died suddenly this afternoon of
acute heart trouble. Dewltt was' a dis
tinguished member of the Montana Bar
Association and was Associate Justice of •
the Supreme Court of Montana for sev
eral years. In 1500 Judge Dewltt was
chosen as a member of the National Re
publican Committee for this- State. At
the time of his death he was counsel, for
the JJoston and Montana and Butte and
BostWn Mining Companies.
Judge William H. Dewitt
Million-Dollar Cattle Company.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 18.— Articles of in
corporation of the Humboldt' Cattle Com
pany were filed here to-day. The capital
stock, fully paid up, . is $1,000,000. The
directors are Colonel J. A. Hardln, C. H.
E. Hardln, A. RIley Hardirf and Eudora
Hardin. , Colonel Hardln is a well-known
"cattle king," whose home is in this city,
and who operates an extensive stock busi
ness In Nevada. He recently purchased a
large ranch ln Humboldt County and Is
stocking it with fine cattle.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Napoleon Bona
parte Parazetti, 40 years of age, and May
Casteel, 25, both of San Francisco; John
C. Vargas, 55, San Leandro, and Rosa S.
Vargas, 42, San Lorenzo; Joseph Bauman,
21, Oakland, and Fredricka Lolbs, 18,, West
Berkeley: John A. Lawn, 37, San Fran
cisco, and Elvira E. Putney, 28, Gilroy.
Licensed .to{ Marry.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 18.— At a meeting of
the Cincinnati Association of Tobacco
Packers, Jobbers and Manufacturers of
Cigars to-day the following was adopted:
"We protest against a reduction of the
duty on cigars and tobacco Imported from
Cuba, as/such a change would result only
to the benefit of Cuba and the ruin of the
cigar and tobacco interests of the United
States, as it would ruin the tobacco grow
ers, the packers, the l manufacturers and
numbers of workmen engaged In the cul
ture and manufacture of cigars and to
bacco." . ' ¦.
.Object to Reduction of Duty.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Lieutenant Thor
wald Fritzche, eon of Etatsarad Fritzche,
president of the Copenhagen Chamber of
Commerce, head of one of the most prom
inent families in Denmark, is dead here
at the Presbyterian Hospital. Lieutenant
Fritzche was an officer in the Danish
navy and some years ago served for
twelve months In the American navy. He
was attached to the North Atlantic
squadron, and after completing his year
of service received public thanks by reso
lutions of Congress. .
Lieutenant Thorwald Fritzche.
LONDON, Jan. 18.— The purchase of
Literature (published by the London
Times) by John Morgan Richards, presi
dent of the American Society of London
and father of John Oliver Hobbes (Mrs.
Cragie), has created no little comment in
literary circles." Richards is also propri
etor of The Academy, with which Litera
ture is now incorporated. The Times will
replace • the paper sold with occasional
literary supplements, the lirst of which
appeared * rlday. • . - ¦ "..',
Magazine Purchase Stirs London.
SAN LEANDRO, Jan. 18.— Anthony Mc-
Carthy and Miss Laura Miller of San Le
andro went to San Rafael two weeks ago
and were quietly married at that place.
Upon their return they went to their re
spective homes, and it was not until to
day that their families and friends
learned their secret. The bride in a burst
of confidence told a girl friend, and her
parents soon heard the story. The young
couple will live in San Leandro, where
they are both well and favorably known.
Secret Wedding at San Rafael.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Elizabeth Waln
v.right Mayhew Sheridan, daughter of
Marie Walnwrlght, the actress, who was
famous in the days of Booth and Barrett,
died tc-day at the home of her mother,
1S55 Seventh avenue, of meningitis and
paralysis. Mrs. Sheridan, like lwr moth
er, was a clever actress. About four
months ago she married Frank P. Sheri
dan, a member of a Seattle theatrical
stock company. She had been playing
with a road company in the West, ap
pearing in "The Christian," and becom
ing 111 returned East to the home of her
mother about four weeks ago. Mrs. Sher
idan was 27 years old.
Elizabeth Wainwright Sheridan.
The report of this committee will be
received at a meeting to be held two
weeks hence. V
J. H. Smith, president; George de Golia,
secretary; George D. Metcalf, treasurer;
Judge F. i B. Ogden, Emil Nusbaumer and
J. B. Richardson, membership committee.
W. H. Waste suggested that a commit
tee be appointed to confer with the offi
cers and members of the old association
for the purpose of discussing ways and
means for putting the organization on its
feet again. The meeting being agreeable
W. H. Waste, Z. N. Goldsby and Lin S.
Church were appointed members of the
committee. They will confer with the
following named members of the old as
sociation: ¦ -
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.— The old Alameda
County Bar Association, which has not
held a meeting. for ten years, was re
vived at a meeting of lawyers held this
afternoon in Judge Ogden's court. When
Attorney George de Golia, who is secre-,
tary of the old association, called the
meeting to order at 1:30 o'clock there were
fifty members of the Alameda County bar
present Mr. de Golia was elected tem
porary chairman and Bernard Miller sec
retary. The chairman stated that ' the
purpose of the meeting was to awaken
new life in the association, promote great
er social intercourse among the fraterni
ty and organize a library. : . .
tee to, Wait Upon Officers of
Suspended Organization.
Hold Meeting and Appoint Commit-
LAWYERS WANT THE OLD
BAR ASSOCIATION REVIVED
BERKELEY, Jan. 18.— Rev. Jacob R.
Holland, a prominent divine from the
East, died this morning at 1 o'clock at
the residence of his son, L. H. Holland,
2110 Spaulding avenue. The deceased had
been a resident of ttiis city but *-x
months, having come here from*^. . :
Port, Mississippi. He was a retiree * -
ister of the Methodist Episcopal Chu.,.!:
South, a member of Long Beach Lodge of
Masons at Gulf Portt ana a leading citi
zen of his former home. Rev. Holland
was 70 years of age at the time of his
death. He leaves a wife and son. Fune
ral services will be held to-morrow after
noon and will be conducted by Durant
Lodge No. 268, F. and A. M., of this city.
The interment will be in Mountain View
Cemetery.
Conditions in London.
The lecturer then' alluded to lnforma-
Rabbi Voorsanger. then took a tilt at
the political situation- of this country
when. he reminded his hearers that- tho
Roman ¦ imperial power, was elected h?.t
like the : politics of this country ltra "e
to a nominal sort of thing-the degenera
¦tion of conditions by machines that en
slaved. - ; '.
"In America," said Rabbi Voorsanger
.'we have some of old Rome's conditions
repeated." . * .
Here the audience applauded to the
echo, as though acquiescing comnletelv
in the lecturer's opinion. "mpieteiy
The Roman, more than the Greek took
great- pride in -his city. The Romans*
said he, created monuments, but different
to modern times ' they did not wait for
newspaper subscriptions, but erected
their monuments to their gods voluntarily
and with pride. Magnificent were those
temples." They vied with the palace- of
the nobles. Their arches of 'triumph were
not for themselves but | for the "concrete
binding of Rome-r-an evidence of the
pride they took in their city.. It meant
that whoever came to Rome must see
and appreciate Rome's power; that
Rome of the seven or ten hills : was
covered with great monuments represent- 1
ing .religion, science^ and. art— that it
might be seen by all that Rome 'was the
heart of the world. But. the extrava
gances j of the times, the fabulous wealth
the lewd living sapped at the root.:*.'
. It is surplus w.eath, he said, that creat
ed immorality and when men do not work
they become>degenerates." That would be
his argument, he said, ; to . those who
would favor a working day ' of three
hours for, the laboring man. ' ; Man, i de
clared ithe rabbi, " must -work eight ; hours"
to keep! his mind and body in good
health. ¦¦';, '-;,' \ y 7
i In this view the audience saw good rea
soning for again it burst out withering-'
ing applause. _.
America ;Like Rome, i
Rabbi Voorsanger kept an audience at
the Academy of Sciences at concert pitch
last night. The rabbi simply but elo
quently, recounted the fascinating history
of ancient Rome, and with its wealth and
its luxury, its art and its power, he made
comparison with the city of London. It
was a vivid parallel between the great
city of ancient and the great city of mod
ern time. He spoke of the London of
ancient date and the London of the Vic
toria era and that of Albert Edward.
He descanted upon the vice of Rome
and in parallel' lines he introduced the
vice of the English metropolis. He spoke
of the powej of old Rome, when she held
sway over the whole \ world and when
more than half the world, indeed,' dared
not breathe .unless Rome willed it. Re
turning to the parallel column he pict
uresquely placed out prominently the
power of London, with its magnificent,
outreaching potency, the seat of fashion!
of science, of learning and commerce; of
greatest wealth and direst poverty, of the
greatest virtues and the greatest Vice3.
The British power is no such power as
was Rome, for she was mistress of the
world, owned the world and her city was
recognized , as the centralization of gov
ernment. The s population was one hui
dred and twenty millions' of people and
out of that number six millions actually
owned all the rest, who were practically
slaves— slaves made up of, the men of
England, Germany, Africa, of the wor'd
over. Of the thousand races Rome
gathered in the best, but the slaves were
not the slaves we to-day know, of They
were men of ' learning,' men of science
men of philosophy, and when freed thev
were assisted with I land and means *o
live while tilling the soil. They were not
the slaves such as we know who earn
enough to eat and enough to pay for their
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Holden told the story in Judge Hairs
court to-day, where Jones was on trial
for insanity." . It was on Holden's evidence
that Judge Hall decided that the State
Hospital at Stockton was the proper place
for him.
Before the man had been in his presence
very long Holden realized that he had a
maniac to deal with. The man kept piling
on the coal until there was danger of the
heat setting tire to something. Besides,
his actions distracted the tower man's
attention frou; his work. When inild
measures faV«i to induce him to go, Hol
den took hold of the man to force him
out. Instantly ' the crazy man became
maddened and grappled with the tower
man. They fell to the floor and rolled
over and over. Finally ; Holden conquered
and managed to hold his man until his
fellow towermen informed the police, who
took the man to the City Prison, where
he gave the name of Henry Clay Jones.
Out of the gloom of a black nignt a
madman loomed before T. J. Holden In
his signal tower on First street two
nights ago. The intruder informed the
signal man that he was superintendent
of the Southern Pacific 'Company block
system and that he was there to inspect
the wires. Instead of doing any Inspect
ing, however, he began to throw chunks
of coal out through the v.indows and into
the already blazing hot lire in the signal
station stove.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. US.
Rabbi Voorsanger Makes
Stirring Comparison
in Lecture.
Attacks Him at Midnight
in Block Signal "
Station.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. IS.— A bulletin
was issued to-day by the Department of
Mines which estimates' the mineral pro
duction of the province during last year
at 520,713,501, which is an increase of 25
per cent over 1500. The product of gold
amounted to $5,600,000; silver. JS.eOO.OW;
copper, $5,000,000; lead. $2,000,000. and coal
$-: ,587,030.
Output of British Columbia Mines.
The next lecture at the Academy of
Sciences will be given one week from next
Saturday,, when Professor Frank Parsons
of Boston will speak on "Municipal Own
ership."
The lecturer said that in spite of all
sermons there is one danger to morality —
it Is not anarchy, but comes from empty
stomachs, a sentiment which the audience
applauded vociferously. He prayed for an
ideal city, wherein virtue shall reign, and
he trusted that such a condition would
come to pass, but before that time, he
feared, man will have to learn and elim
inate much of the injustice of which he
is the victim.
tion he had derived from General Booth
concerning the condition of London, and
drew a picture of the thousands upon
thousands of poor in that metropolis, of
the vast wealth and, returning again to
the poor class, denounced the evil of mod
ern times— the evil of aggregation In the
cities.
AUBURN, Jan. 18.— A freight wreck oc
curred- this afternoon between Auburn
and .Newcastle, and in consequence no
trains will go east or west before to-mor
row. Eleven freight cars, laden with
merchandise, were piled upon one an
other. Two fiatcars carrying sixty-foot
steel rails are down the bank, while a
car of coal was thrown upon the hillside.
Trainmen say the wreck was caused by
the • fiatcars jumping the track when
rounding a curve. Nobody was hurt and
the engines escaped damage.. ~
Smash-Up of Freight Cars.
The duel was the outcome of the inti
macy of Herr Falkenhagen with Frau
von Bennigzen. The club to which Herr
von Bennigzen belonged informed him of
the stories In circulation. On Monday
Bennigzen visited Hanover and returned
to Springen in the evening, accompanied
by Herr Falkenhagen. The next morn
ing Herr von Bennigzen ordered his wife
to leave his house and then challenged
Herr Falkenhagen. The conditions"~of the
duel were three rounds with pistols at ten
paces. Herr von Bennigzen, who was
short-sighted, was shot in the first round.
His brother witnessed the duel. ' ••
HANOVER, Prussia, Jan. IS.— Herr von
Bennigzen, Landrath of Hanover and
father of the noted politician Rudolph
von Bennigzen, died during the night as
the result of a bullet wound In the breast
sustained in a 'duel fought with Herr
Falkenhagen, a tenant of the royal estate
near Springen.
Herr von Bennigzsn Dies as Result
of the Bullet Wound He
Keceived.
ONE LIFE IS ENDED
; BY THE GEHHAN DUEL
day and Indications are for a ruinous
price war. The Independent Company has
practically cut off all connection with
the American Window Glass Company by
issuing a circular to the jobbers quoting
a list which is believed to be based on 9
and 15 off. Secretary A r an Cleave said
this price will go lower. ,
MODERN LONDON
LIKE OLD ROME
Mrs. Kingston Wants
Her Recreant Spouse
Punished.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 33.
Claiming that her husband has recently
married another iw'oman, Mrs. W. H.
Kingston of San Francisco seeks to have
District Attorney Allen direct the atten
tion of the Grand Jury to the fact that
her spouse has more than one wife, so
that he may be Indicted for bigamy.
Mrs. Kingston Informed the District At
torney that she married William H. King
ston three years* ago. He is manager of
a ranch for Miller & Lux, near Fire
baugh. Some one" told her recently that
her husband had married another woman
in Alameda County, and she examined
the records. She found that on October
23, 1901, a marriage. license was issued to
William H. Kingston and Sarah Badway.
They were married by Justice of the
Peace Quinn in the office of the County
Clerk, the witnesses being B. J. Sears and
Franklin P. Nutting. After the ceremony
the couple requested that the license be
recorded and then sent to the Winchester
Hotel, in San Francisco, which was done.
The alleged recreant husband has not
been seen by the deceived wife since the
day he was married in this county. She
is indignant at his treatment and is
anxious to have him punished. '
Reduction of War Taxes.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The Republi
can members of the j House, who have
been urging a caucus to consider a re
duction for war taxes, have decided not
to press the matter until the Ways and
Means Committee completes considera
tion of the Cuban reciprocity, question,
now before it. • - y
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 18.— It is reported
that the Indian who killed Corporal Irish
twelve miles from WIlcox, December 20. has
been captured at San Carlos and will be turned
over to the civil authorities for trial.
MEMBERS OF THE ALUMNI OF THE POLYTECHNIC AND COMMERCIAL HIGH SCHOOL WHO ARE TAKING
AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN THE PROJECT TO ESTABLISH AN OFFICIAL MONJEHLY PUBLICATION TO
FURTHER THE OBJECTS OF THE ASSOCIATION. %£>
The Lagos is owned by the British and
African Steam Navigation Company, Ltd.
(Elder. Dempster & Co.), and was built
at Port Glasgow in 1SS3. She Is 300.3 feet
long, has 36.2 feet beam and Is 20.2 feet
dtep.
FUNCHAL, Island of Madeira, Jan. 18.
—The British steamer Lagos, from Liver
pool, went ashore at Las Desertas, a
group of islets In the Atlantic to the
southeast of Madeira, during a fog. The
crew and passengers were saved and It
is hoped to recover the malls which the
vessel was carrying.
British Steamer Goes Ashore.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. IS.— Joseph Gar
cia, a miner employed in the Emplro
mice, fell forty feet down a chute from
the 2000-foot level this afternoon and was
killed. Garcia was employed as car driv
er. When the day men came off shift
they noticed that he was not on the
truck, but made no search for him, be
lieving he would come up later. When
the night men went on at 4 o'clock they
found Garcia's mule standing in the drift
and at once began a search. John Key
found Garcia at the bottom of the chute,
with neck broken. Garcia was 29
years of age.
Miner's Fatal Fall.
SAYS HUSBAND
IS A BIGAMIST
At a date in February yet to be set the
association will give a reception and ball
In honor of the graduating class of De
cember, '01. The members of the execu
tive committee In charge of the affair are
Miss Katherine Harrington, Miss Emma
Bingham, Miss Edna Price, Archie Bo
land, Miss Mamie Irwin, Miss Annie Gal
lin, Mis3 Mamie Jackson, Felix Fibush,
Eugene Blanchard and Frank Cattell.
Among the alumni who are taking a
warm interest in the success of the new
project are Miss Olga Olson, Miss Belle
Bryne, Miss Edith Benedict, Miss Edith
Goff, Miss Grace Madden and Miss Louisa
Goff.
The general editorial direction of the
publication will be in the hands of Frank
M. Cattell, president of the*Alumnt Asso
ciation. With him will be Henry L. Per
ry, Miss Emma Bingham, Miss Rose Hal
lahan, Miss May Cruff, Frank Rittigstein,
George Dempfel . and Alexander "W.
"Waters.
Felix Fibush, for the Alumni Association.
MANIAC FIGHTS
MAN IN TOWER
The . first number will appear it Is ex
pected on February 1. The business man
agement will be under the control ot Jesse
Scharman, and his assistants will be Irv
ing Jonas, representing the school, and
It is proposed that every member of the
Alumni Association shall receive the
monthly journal free of charge. It Is lo
give a record of all events and occur
rences that are of interest to the alumni.
The management will devote much space
to matters of concern to the school.
taken f teps to establish an official
monthly publication, which shall be used
to further the objects of the organization.
The association has for Its main purpose
the cementing- of school ties and the con
tinuance of relations formed during the
school days. The membership has now
reached 175, there having been twelve
names added to the roster this week.
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— The Alumni
Association of the Polytechnic
and Commercial High School,
formerly the Central School, has
Graduates of School
Are to Have an
Organ*
Oakla nd Association Is
Growing in Mem- 1
ijcrsnip*
Thought to Be tha Maniac
Who Attacked Flossie j
White.
William Johnson, who it was thought
might be responsible fci the recent reign
of terror and who was arrested for mis
demeanor by Policeman X. Wiiliams,
pleaded guilty in the Police Court this
morning and he will be sentenced Mon
day by Judge Smith. Johnson claims to
bo a sufferer from loss of memory and
claims that he cannot remember what he
has done during those periods.
Tlie unknown man who for more than
a week has been frightening the house
wives and children of Oakland by his
sudden attacks at nSght, and who is sup
posed to be the one who beat and bound
little Flossie White, at Fifth and Market
streets, made his appearance In another
part of Oakland last nigrht.
It was shortly before a o'clock when a
stranger entered the home of Mrs. Hattie
Boynton at 465 Twentieth street He
opened the front door, which was un
locked, and walked Into the parlor, where
Mrs. Boyr.tcn was entertaining a friend,
but when he saw that the room was oc
cupied he beat a hasty retreat. Mrs.
Boynton locked the door and then
watched the mysterious stranger from a
window. She eays he walked through an
alleyway separating her house from ' that
of J. C. Masierman and then jumped over
the fence, alighting upon Masterman's
rear porch. He shook the back door and
rattled a' rear window, but receiving no
response, took his departure. As it was
quite dark Mrs. Boynion could give only
a. vague description of the man.
Dal la i Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. IS.
Strange Man Walks Into
the Home of Mra
Boynton.
SCARING WOMEN
BECOMES A FAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^ SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1902.
MONTHLY JOURNAL TO FURTHER THE OBJECTS
OF POLYTECHNIC AND COMMERCIAL ALUMNI
31
S Specialists Who
Cure Men
cU — : — - — — -— — — o
ni/]« M^ T n«i/«iAn4- -„ J selves to be tha best, surest -and speed-
UIQGSL* liCtFffcSl 3. liCl Jest cures. No remedy is used which ha»
° ' - " an 111 effect on the constitution or blood:
Roct TncHtufinn ln fact< Dr - Me * ers & Co - buUd up the
JDC/Ot lllOL! LUllUll system and strengthen the'. nerves whll*
The apparent stubbornness ' with which they treat the disease. Thus a; patient
many men's diseases resist ; a physician's leaves with a ruddier / and : .tronser con-
treatment i» not to: be eiplained by the stltuUon than when he besan.
severity of the disease so much; as -by tho All' T\Z c QQ CO c A T>n
inadequacy of the treatment ~ . ; -All J-ZlDCCloCD ill C
.Dr. Meyers & Co. have been so success- _ , ,
ful ln curing: men ' for the' past' twenty .^ FGELlGCI
years that their methods have won na-
tional "reautation and have been" Imitated Including rupture, special diseases, strtc- \
by scores -of other physicians. , ture. bladder and kidney diseases and Iosj
. Dr. Me'yerfi & Co. base, much of their of power.
success on their thorough . knowledge of . Dr. Meyers &. Co. not only extend to all
the human anatomy. After examininsr a men a free consultation, but they have
patient they know exactly wherein the all- perfected a 'system ' of treatment " through
ment lies,' exactly how It should be treated, the mall that has cured thousands oi men.
and. they then 1 employ the most recent and Their home cure system has been asuc-
effective remedies. .. cess for many years. If you cancot call.
.;- Nothing Is left to guesswork. No reme- write for private book for men. diagnosis
dies are used which have not proved them- sheet, advice, terms, etc.. all free. ¦
m, IE YERS- ¦& CO, 731 ilpi
Hours — S to 12. 12 to 4: Eve's. 7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11.Our Jewelry Manufacturing Centers.
Practically all of the Jewelry mada in
the United States is turned out in New
England in the city of Providence, the
Attleboros and the town of Mansfield.
Nearly 50.000 people are directly and indi
rectly Interested in the manufacture of
jewelry. Altogether there are something
over 250 factories for the making of Jew
elry in these four communities, the output
of which runs Into tho millions of dollar*
In value annually. -
Sir Thomas Lauder Brunton delivered a
lecture before the Medico-Physiological
Association, in London, one day recently,
in which he declared ridicule of the divin
ing rod as an agent in discovering the
presence of water underground is a mis
take. He based his statements on experi
ments made by two extremely sensitive.
English women, who had proved that
while the witchhazel plant, commonly
used as a divining rod, did not itself con
tain any qualities influenced by water. It
was valuable in giving signs of the.in
voluntary muscular motion In the human
being produced by the presence of water
in the vicinity of the experimenter. The
scientist cited the camel In' the desert,
which detects water miles away, and
asked: "Why may not the human organ
ism involuntarily detect Its presence a few
feet away and Impress the fact on tho di
vining rod?*'
Believes in\ the Divining Bod-
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 19.— Work on tha plans
and specifications for the main buildings
of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition is
progressing so rapidly that the officials
will be in a position to advertise for bids
for the construction of the first of them,
probably the Mines and Metallurgy
building, next week. It Is hoped to let
the contract for this building soon after,
so that the construction can begin by
March 1.
Speaking of -the. matter to-day. Secre
tary Walter B. Stevens said:
"We will begin advertising for bids for
the eight main buildings of the fair next
week. It will be stipulated in tho con
tracts let that the first of these buildings
must be completed by October 1, 1902. and
that all must be finished by the end of
that year.
"Contractors will be required to give
bond to have the buildings completed
-within the time stated. Tho architects
figure on seven months as sufficient for
the completion of any of the eight build
ings."
Reeves again confronted Neely 'with the
statement that Neely told him when he
was departing for the United States, in
September. 1899, that he was taking with
him $8000 which he had collected on dupli
cate warrants. The court asked Neely
what he had to say to. this, and hja replied
that Reeves was crazy, and that he would
show to the court that Reeves was not
with him under the circumstances related.
. When Neely denied that he had forged
the names on the warrants Reeves was
put upon the stand to reiterate the state
ment he previously made that either he
or. Neely had forged the names. Neely
looked Reeves in the eye and bade him
repeat the statement. This Reeves refused
to do. Neely's lawyer then asked the
court to appoint experts to examine the
signatures with the view of discovering
the forger. The Fiscal objected to the
step, but the court said It would note the
request. . . . ,
Neely was confronted with Reeves three
times. He maintained perfect composure
and evaded no questions, explaining • all
transactions clearly and giving Reeves
the He direct several times. -.. ¦ •"
'HAVANA, Jan. 18.— When the. trial of
the xases resulting from the Cuban post
office frauds was resumed in the Audien
cia Court to-day the cross-examination of
C. F.. W. Neely, ex-chief of the bureau of
finance, was continued.
freely said that his "O. K." on bills un
der the miscellaneous account only signi
fied that the goods had been received.
None of Rathbone's private bills for re
ceptions given at El Cerro, Havana, the
witness ' said, were paid from the postal
funds. Neely denied telling C. M. Rich,
his first assistant, that he (Neely) had
saved Rathbone $5000 by including his pri
vate accounts in those of the postal de
partment. He also denied, that he had en
tered into a conspiracy with Reeves and
Rathbone to defraud by issuing duplicate
warrants. He said that all the warrants
were drawn in Reeve3* offlce. They might
have been cashed in the postofflce or In a
bank.
Advertisement for Bids for
. First Building Nearly
Ready.
Former Official Declares One
of His Accusers Is -
Crazy. ,
Louisiana Purchase Ex
position Officers Are
Busy.
Sensational Incidents in
Havana Postofflce
Case.
WORK ON FAIR
TO BE RUSHED
NEELY PASSES
"LIES DIRECT"
'" B'ne' B'rith.
A week after the installation of the of
ficers of Cremieux -Lodge of the. Inde
pendent Order of B'rith about thirty
members and. a. number of lady relatives
attended a banquet .tendered to Dr. Jo
seph ,Boyer, who the. week before retired
from the office of -president. Sam S.
Green was the toastmaster, arid after the
repast there were responses to sentiments
by E. I. AVolfe, Philip. Flatow, President
FroimhblzJL.. C. :Levey_and. the guest of
honor.. During" the, repast there was mu
sic by Misses Huttbn. and Rice. " \'";'.
Royal Arcanum.
: The Grand Council 'of the Royal - Ar
canum will be held in the- second -week In
March and 'it is stated tha£ v a number of
dianges will' be made during the session
that will be : for" the t betterment of v the
organization.'' Among 'these will -be
changes in' the local management. Con
siderable work has been, laid out in this
city during "the next " two months and
those who have the carrying- of it out ex
pect to make, a' good showing. before the
grand council. - - \ •
, At the- last held session of Golden West
Council.: the reports presented for the term
showed a. very satisfactory Btate of af
fairs,' the- council being in good condition,
having had a 50 per cent increase in mem
bership andahere being a good cash bal
ance-on hand.V. ¦-. . I , -.- . .- . .
Sierra "Council pf. Oakland had its offi
cers installed by Deputy Grand Regent
T. G. Hq.dgkins. _ This council's reports
also" show it to be in a prosperous condi
tion and is doing much good in Its home
districts :
Knights of Honor.
, Ivy Lodge of the.Knlghts of Honor has
appointed: a committee to make arrange
ments for a family party tobg^glven on
the 7th of next. March.
• The entertainment ' that . was recently
given by Germania Lodge in the social
hall of the Alcazar building was a very
delightful affair. There was a most ex
cellent programme of music. ,songs,\reci
tations in English and German, and the
"Prince of Ventriloquists,". J. P.. Dwyer,
entertained the audience by conversing
with his friend Casey, whom he located
In '• the lighthouse on Goat Island.- j His
power of. transferring hisvolcetb a great
distance, and receiving answer from that
distance : was' a remarkable performance
that was loudly, applauded. " The pro
gramme' was followed by .-dancing and
dispensing hospitality in that manner for
which Germans are noted.' '¦¦"
The installation of the officers of Lib
erty • Lodge ;has been- postponed until the
£Oth Inst.- - - ;• • . .. .'. < ,* { :.--,; ,
The officers of American Eagle Lodge
were Installed by , District 'Deputy' Grand
Dictator. George, assisted' by Grand Dic
tator, Archibald and Grand Reporter
Johnstone. ; , ", - '
Companions of the 'Forest.
-•The." social that was given by Sherwood
Circle, Companions of the Forest, F. O.
A., 1 on "the night Jof the 4th inst., in its
lodgeropm, was Well attended arid was a
very enjoyable affair. The feature of the
evening was.the introduction of "old-time
country dances, the Virginia reel being a
favorite. The event was under the man
agement of Mesdames; Hill, Dakin.'Sever
ence. - Harvey, Howard, Ferguson and
Stella Bradley. , . . ..
3R.ESTJLTS OF EXPERIMENTS
; IN" PRESERVING v EGGS
the Best Medium for Keeping
-. ; Them -Good. . ' • :'
Vaseline Found in Germany to Be
¦ A German paper gives the following re
sults of experiments in. preserving eggs:
"Four hundred fresh hen eggs were sub
jected to the action of ; different sub
stances for a period of elg*ht monthsi At
the- expiration of that time it "was found
that- the ,eggs :. which: had ¦ been put into
salt brine "were all," spoiled, » that those
which had been wrapped in paper were 80
per cent bad,, and ; that a , like percentage
of those which had been immersed in a
mixture of -glycerin and ' : salicyllo - add
were unfit for use. Of- the eggs which
had been rubbed with salt or Imbedded In
bran or coated with paraffin 70 per cent
were, spoiled; of, those subjected to a coat
of liquid glass, collodion or varnish, 40 per
cent, and of ! those which had been- placed
in f wood ashes or' had been painted with
a.mlxture. of llquid'glass and boracic achl
or. a solution of ¦ permangate of ipotash
only 20 per centw,ere bad. Almost all the
eggs that had been coated with ¦ vaseline
or had been placed in • limewater or In a
solution of liquid 'glass- were In sood:coh
ditlon. 1 ,'..:^ ¦ vi ¦¦•• ;>; ;.; •. ' . --^v .;* \ : ..¦*.;:•.'. ,.i-
California Lodge is making arrange
ments for its next party, which promises
to be one of the most interesting ever
given by. .this enterprising subordinate 'of
the order. It will be given on the night
of the 22d. . : .
The first entertainment of the year
given by San ~Francisco Lodge of the
United Moderns recently was well attend
ed and the programme was a very Inter
esting one, made,, up pt select readings by
Miss J. Long, of . th'e . State. Educational
Society, instrumental solos by Professor
I. Raith,. vocal selections by O. Carrlng
ton and an address by Harr Wagner, tho
chancellor, who was retiring from office.
At the close of his address he was.on be
half of the lodge; presented by Professor
R. L. Durham an . elegant gold emblem
of his rank in'the order. ,The next social
event will be 'a-' fancy dress ball and there
will be a. limited' number if Invitations.
During, the. term . which has just closed
this, lodge has initiated fifty strangers.
United Moderns.
The officers of the court in Colma were
installed in public last week in the-pres
ence of : Grand Chief. Ranger ; Heenan,
Grand Secretary Cordy and Grand Re
cording Secretary O'Brien. Deputy J. E.
Haughy,was the installing officer, and he
was assisted by William Lynch as herald.
After the Installation there was a ban
quet and a dance. .
Court Verbario Is arranging for a
masked ball in February. ¦-
Court SadiCarnot initiated a class of
twelve on the night of the 14th Inst.
..", Club ..Washington, .composed exclusively
of members of Court Washington, .will
hold its annual picnic" on the 29th of June.
A new court will be Instituted in. the
Richmond district on the night of the
20th inst. It will be known as" Court Rich
mond. . . • ' .* .'_'
Court Sutro Heights of the Foresters of
America has appointed a committee to
arrange for a picnic to be given at Glen
wood Park at a date. to be determined by
that committee.
Foresters of /America^
: Committees from the Past Chancellors'
Association are visiting the local lodge
in the. interest of the August convention
of 'the supreme lodge.
;The officers of Palo Alto Lodge In the
town "of that name were installed in pub
lic on the night of the 16th inst.
:. Grand Chancellor j Calkins is still mak
ing visits " to the ledges of the order in
the. southern. part of the State.
Major; General Cafnahan of, the Uni
form Rank of the Knights of Pythias will
be . in this city next week, and on" the
night of the 21st inst." -will be the- guest
of the Past Chancellors' Association at
a banquet to be tendered him. His visit
to this city, is to confer with the supreme
chancellor, Ogden Fethers, on his return
from Honolulu ; in regard to the conven
tion of the . knights ' to be held In this
city next August. ' ¦ : • . ; .'V '-¦
14th inst. by Golden Gate Company of the
Uniform Rank of the Knights of. Pythias
in /Pythian Castle was a very pleasant
affair that was attended by a large num
ber; of - members and their friends, -who
enjoyed j a well i arranged programme of
dances, -" . — '
Knights of Pythias. -
The annual ball that was given on the
. The officers of Minerva .Parlor of -the
Native Daughters of , the Golden. West
will be installed in publio ' to-morrow
by; Deputy Grand 'President Mrs. Ella
Wehe, and on" the following night- the
game officer will install the,, officers: of
YosemlteyParlpr. in Mission Opera Hall A
Grand 1 President Mrs."Baker'isiprepar
ing a list pf her official visits in, this city.
.»». new parlor was instituted on the 14th
inst. in Red Men's Hall by Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Baker, assisted by Mrs. J. A.
Steinbach, D. : D. G. P., and . Lizzie Doug
lass, P. G. T. The new parlor, called Las
Tarrosas, organized by Jennie M. ; Stark,
formerly of Oro Fkio' Parlor, . starts | with
a" charter membership : of ' sixty-four. ¦ •.? It
has selected • May Gerdes for,- president
and; Lillian ' Riddell for recording'secre
tary. " -• ,: ,. ¦ '; •'; •• : , :.'; \.-r '''.'/¦ ;
. Past Grand President Belle W.' Conrad
recently- ; vlslted~ Dardanelle- Parlor .of So
nora,' of which j she is a member, and- was
tendered a reception which ¦ proved ' to " be
¦a most • enjoyable ' aff air. : The .vlsltbr, for
many, years a resident of Sonora; was al
.ways popular there,; and," as was said; at
¦the receptipn, :"to know /her is to 'know
one of the .noblest -women; of ; the. Golden
State.'' ' After; the 'reception there was a
banquet: in" the beautifully,; decorated' hall
and there -were _. speeches,"' musio and.
song. ..' ... -¦ ':'. .¦'•.."¦.. ..'-. ': ; :.y.\
Owing to a- death _ in_ the family of ; Mrs.
Native Daughters.
On the night of the 14th inst. the chiefs
of .Miantonomah Tribe were raised up in
the amplified form on the occasion of the
official visit of Great Sachem Boyes and
other great chiefs. Great Junior Sagamore
Roche acted as great sachem, Great Chief
of. Records I Bliss as great j senior saga
more, M.-.. A: Wheeler, as., great Ij prophet,
Past Great Sachem and Great-Represent
ative Harry A. Chase as.. 1 , great ,: Junior
sagamore" and Past Great Sachem. Jack-,
son . as great j sanriap. ;. The ¦ tribe has
adopted fourteen pale : faces* 'during: -the
.term. ,,'/_: ' ., ,. : , ~ . . : .. ' • ¦ ..'"--.¦. '¦ . . ':\^,..- ¦
g The officers . of Modoc Tribe ..have been
raised lip by. Deputy. Great Sachem P. ; G.
Varney. The "degree team of this tribe will
visit .Miantonomab. Tribe on the 23d; inst/
to , confer " degrees on a number, of . eligi
;bles../ /V'. ; v.v-.-, .:-- v ..... ;.,¦; , :'-;,::•...-;. U;
~ The chiefs of Sagamore .-Tribe of^ Palo
Alto were raised up at » a public : session
on the 17th inst., after which there .was a
banquet. :
The contest between the teams of Saga-,
more and- Navado -Tribes for a trophy will
be held on. the 8th of Marcher:. ,': - T :
: Mrs. • B. ' J. < Brazile, 1 great '¦¦ keeper, of • rec
ords of the, Degree of Pocahontas; a resl-^
denf of Sacramento, will, be; in this* city
on the 22d ' inst. t to ' attend the public rais
ing/up of the chiefs of the 4 local j councils.
: ; Montezuma Tribe at its; last held coun
cil adopted ten palefaces.:. .; • " •' '¦
Improved Order of Bed, Men.
Crescent Court No. '3 of the Royal and
Exalted Degree of the Amaranth has
made arrangements for a public installa
tion of its officers in Golden Gate Asylum
on the night of the 24th inst. and an in
vitation has. been extended to all chap
ters of, : the Eastern Star to : witness the
ceremony. This court has grown In mem
bership during the Amaranth year' that
is closing and is now in a most prosperous
condition. \ .
Degree of the Amaranth.'
San "Francisco Lodge No. 3 of the Pro
tective, Benevolent. Order of Elks, is- still
growing. Its membership Is now 476, with
twelve candidates elected but not initi
ated and twenty-two applications to be
acted upon, on the night of the 24th. As
soon as the 500 limit shall ; have been
reached it is proposed to Increase the ini
tiation fee to $50, the affiliation fee to'$25
and the. reinstatement fee to 515. The de
gree team of this lodge; which Is under
the direction of Lawrence Wellington
Harriss, Is said to be one ofithe best in
the order and the lodge Is proud of Its
officers, for at no time since the institu
tion of No. 3 ha? the work of 'the ritual,
been so beautifully and effectively given.
The exalted ruler; Thomas E. Dunne, has
Issued an appeal on behalf of Ar-C. More
land, a past exalted - ruler of the lodge,
who- has become totally blind. • He was
largely; instrumental in the organization
of San , Francisco , Lodge. He:. is editing
one of the official organs called the Elks
Antler.. The brothers'- of the -lodge > are
asked to assist him. by taking his paper, j
The Elks.
Oriental? Rebekah. Lodge on the. night
of the loth inst. had a large attendance
and several propositions were presented.
After the meeting there was a pleasant
evening of. social entertainment. ' •
Mrs. Nellie Mitchell! president of the
California; Rebekah Assembly, will pay a
visit to Loyal ¦ Rebekah Lodge on the
night of the 27th inst. as a special com
pliment, to, the lodge. ... . . .
The Rebekahs.
On the night, of the. 14th what'is known
as the "officers' . banquet" was given In
Golden Gate Asylum.- This was tendered
by the officers to the members and a few
invited guests.- There, were present about
175. The hall was decorated with red and
green, and -the menus were, in the same
colors. 1 The affair -was a" most enjoyable
one and was a reminder of the , many
pleasant social functions of this chapter
of some time ago. The function, was under
the. direction of Mrs. 1 Minnie F. Wallls,
chairman of the committee . of arrange
ments, assisted by-, the following named
officers of the chapter: Charlotte Tis
dale, Frank McGowan, Eva D. Sauls
bury, Carrie Anthony, Mary L. Reddlck,
Barbara Sommer, May Dow, Sadie Cross,
Fannie Kellogg, Adelaide Hickie, Martha
Wapple, Jane Rodecker, Samuel Charles
Wallis and Susie Lockwood. Worthy Pa
tron Frank McGowan presided at the ban
quet and called on. a number . of those
present for a few remarks.; Among the
speakers "were the worthy,, matron, Mrs.
Tisdale; L. Vogelsang of New Bedford,
Mass.; Grand Associate Conductress Mrs.
Hickey; Mrs. Klien, matron, and ;W.
Kelly," patron -of Harmony | Chapter.
Misses May Dow and Florence- Perkins
favored with vocal selections. After the
supper. there was dancing. There is a de
termination on the part of the new", offi
cers to make Ivy. the" bright social chap
ter that it was not very long ago.
. ..Mission Chapter of the" Order .of the
Eastern Star on the night of the 11th
•inst. -had its first, initiation by the new
officers, 'and it must be' stated to their
credit that they did remarkably, well, as
was testified to by, a number 1 of the visl-'
tors, among whom were Mrs. H. M. Pat
terson and Mrs. S. Bonnlfield, past ma
trons of Ivy Chapter; . Mrs. \ S. H, Mill
berry, past matron of Harmony Chapter;
Lydia M. Stevens of Kaukapee, Hawaiian
Islands; Dr. A. H. Millberry and M. Jos
eph Savage, past patrons of Harmony
Chapter; James A. Wilson and A. Middle
ton Cox, past patrons of Mission Chapter,
and Mrs. Alice Frances Hickie, associate
grand conductress. The work of the even
ing was followed by a banquet, at which
merriment followed sOng and addresses.
The Eastern Star.
The installation of the officers of .Unity
Lodge was followed by a banquet and an
hour of music, song and story telling.
Last week a* class of twelve was initi
ated by the officers of Encinal Lodge of
Alameda for Elmhurst Lodge of the town
of that name. Grand- Representative TV.
W. Watson and Grand Secretary Shaw
were present and delivered very Interest
ing addresses.
The members ; of. Yerba Bu^na Lodgt>,
accompanied"; by, its , special team -.com
posed of pasjh;guardSy-»paid a,, visit on the
night of, the" 14th /to^ Magnolia. Lodge,
when the. -team ' confe'rred . the initiatory,
degree for the visited lodge in a. manner,
that -won for it'much praise. - Major U. S.
G. Clifford,' L. E. James and A..p...Ches-;
hire have been appointed a committee to
prepare a surprise for the.evening^of.the
23d, inst., and it is -expected that -all the
members , of. the lodge : . will be present, as
they are to be summoned by special letter.
A new;lodge is to be instituted at Point
Richmond 1 on .the night of the. 29th inst.
Brigadier General II. O. Browcr, com
manding the. Department of California,
Patriarchs Militant, I. O. O. F., will install
the officers of cantons on, the following
dates.: Orion No. 12, at- Los Angeles, on
the. 20th Inst.; Sacramento No. ,1. at Sac
ramento, 23d;-San Jose No. 9.at-San Jose,
25th; Ridgley No. 15, at Stockton,.2Sth,-.and
Vallejq No. 16, at Vallejo, February 1.
Odd Fellowship.
Merten C. Allen has resigned from the
order as. a city 'organizer. Through his
active work for the order much good was
accomplished for the local camps, and it
was upon his suggestion that the mon
ster initiation was ; held t at Fernbrook
Park, .which resulted in the addition of
1325 members to the -order. By the retire
ment of Mr. Allen £he order loses a capa
ble organizer, and .a ¦¦¦ zealous fraternal
worker. - ¦•' ; ;. "'-.'**:" •
Golden Gate Camp at its first meeting
in the current ¦ month initiated eight
strangers, among the number being Judge
Frank II. Dunne and Alexander T. Vo
gelsang of the Fish Commissioner's of
f.ce. The officers of this camp will be
installed on the night of .the 20th inst. To
day the officers and members of the camp
will dedicate a monument in the Home
of Peace Cemetery erected over the re
mains of late Neighbor Charles A. Heine
man. On the night or the 23d inst. the
camp will entertain its members and their
friends with a vaudeville programme and
dance in Native Sons'. -Hall. >
Woodmen of the World.
San Francisco Parlor gave an installa
tion banquet a week after the-installa
tion, at which there were present almost
the entire membership and a number of
grand officers.: ,, - a •
The visit of Grand First Vice President
L.' F. .Byington to the parlor 'in Santa
Rosa was. a very pleasant one. -He' was
accompanied by Past Grand President^
Greaney and, was to have been' accom-'
panied by Grand Secretary Lunstedt, but
that official, who was under the impres
sion that there was to be. a -special to
follow t^ie regular, train, laid over at San
Rafael, and he laid over:until the next
morning, for the special never came. The
officers were installed after the worlc of
the official visitors was over, and then
there was an enjoyable banquet.
The Native Sons.
At the last held review of San Francisco
Tent a. class of candidates was admitted
Into the order by Initiation, and . under
good of the "' order the strangers' who
learned the mysteries of Maccabeeism ex
pressed themselves as greatly delighted
with th« beautiful work : they had wit
nessed and the beneficial lessons that bad
Knights of the Maccabees.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
On the night of the 10th instant San
Francisco lodge of the Fraternal Brother
hood had an open meeting in Its hall, In
the Native Sons' building, which was at
tended by a large number of the members
and friends. A very acceptable and pleas
ing programme of music, songs and liter
ary efforts was presented and greatly en
joyed. Mrs. Gillespie was the chairman
of the committee on entertainment. Those
vrho contributed to the programme were
Messrs. Gillespie and Manchester and
Misses Zeno Jack, Mabel Piper, Glena De
¦witt. Evans. Ingram and Lawsner.
The officers of Oakland Lodge were pub
licly installed last week In the presence
of about three hundred persons. Among
those who attended : were about forty
members of the lodge In Haywards,- wno
attended in a body. After the ceremony,
there was an evening of entertainment.
Supreme President C. P. Dandy will
make visitations as follows: February 7.
Oakland; 10, Sacramento, and on the 11th
will be In this city to attend the general
convention of representatives from I the
different lodges.
On the night of the 17th Inst Ban Fran
cisco Lodge had eight candidates to Ini
tiate.
Oakland Lodge has a membership of
nearly four hundred, and the member
ship will work to double that number. On
the night that the supreme president pays
this lodge a visit there will' be a ban
quet In his honor.
All the lodges around the bay "are send
ing In very nattering reports.
Arrangement committee — Alexander Smith,
W. T. Hammond, W. B. Carpenter, W. T.
Plevln. Ray A. Braymaxi; reception committee
— V7. Tench, James H. Ernest, Archie Boor
man, Alexander Smith Jr., Ernest Clayton;
floor manager, Charles Curieux; floor commit-,
.tee — Peter Koppen, F. C. Douglass, Thomas*
aicLaughlln, Alexander Cairns.
Alter the supper there was a return to
the social hall, where there was a pro
gramme of six dances, and all. In the lan
guage of Milton, were Invited to "Come
and trip it as you go, on the light fan
tastic toe." The affair was under the
direction of the following named:
"Our Order — Forestry," response by M.
Boehm, II. C. R. : music. "I'm a Forester
Free," orchestra; "Oar Country — The Land We
Live In." W. S. Pierce; music. "Star-Spansled
Banner," orchestra; "Our Court — Twin Peaks,"
"U'. B. Carpenter; music, selection from "Flo
rodora," orchestra; "Our Companions — Tha
Ladies," P. L. Moore; music. "Friendship
Waltz," orchestra. *-"-^\
After the last number the members and
their guests went to a rotlsserle in the
vicinity of the hall, where all partook of
en excellent supper, which was by Arthur
Allen, the toastmaster, Introduced with
the quotation from Shakespeare, "A good
digestion to you all." After supper there
•was the following music and responses to
toasts:
Overture, Dibbea'» Orchestra; song 1 , "II
Bacio." Miss May Franklin Cook; song, ."Let
Me Love Thee," Arthur Thomae; recitation,
"How Salvator Won," Miss Hattie J. Brown;
eong, Hiss Bessie Tolchard; cornet solo, H..
Dibben; song, "Dear Louise." Ernest Clayton;
recitation, •"Lasca," Fred Head.
Court Twin Peaks of the Ancient Order
of Foresters celebrated the fourteenth an
niversary of Its institution, on the 9tb inst.
by an entertainment, dance and banquet.
The first part of the celebration was the
entertainment given in the social hall of
the Foresters' building, which was en
joyed by all who were invited, and there
was a goodly number. They were in
formed by the chairman of the evening.
in the language of Tom Moore, "That the
best of all ways for to lengthen our days
is to steal a few hours from, the night."
The following was the programme:
Court Twin Peaks.
On the night of the 16th Inst. El Capltan
Council had four candidates for initia
tion.
The same deputy installed the officers
of California Council on the following
night and that also in the presence of
a large membership and of 'many visitors.
II. Y t '. Maas assisted the deputy in the
installation. The retiring president, W.
A. S. Nicholson, before leaving the chair
delivered a very interesting review of the
work of the council during the year,
Ehowing a substantial gain notwithstand
ing the fact that a number of members
v.-:ihdrew for the purpose of forming a
new council. The ceremonies were fol
lowed by an evening of music, songs,
speeches and stories. A collation was
eerved.
The Installation of the officers of Golden
Gate Council on the night of the 13th
inst. by Senate Deputy Bunting was wit
nessed by a large number of the members
of the order. The work was done to per
fection with the assistance of that prince
of ushers, J. R. McGuffick, of California
Council. The reports that were present
ed showed that the council is in a good
condition numerically and financially,
having in the past two years put away
a neat little sum as a relief fund for the
purpose of assisting members in distress.
The council lost a number of . members
by death and suspension during the past
year, but initiated just one more than
was lost. After the close of the meeting
there was a pleasant evening of music,
songs, recitations, short addresses and a
collation.
The entertainment and dance given in
the Odd Fellows' assembly hall on the
night of the 8th by the National Union So
cial and Literary Club was another of
those functions tha.t added to the glory of
the committee of the club— J. N. Bunting.
EL A. Kidd, W. W. Healey and Fred H.
Hastings— and further established their
reputation as entertainers. The pro
gramme was an interesting one, and tha
dance programme was also well arranged.
The ITaticnal Union.
Druidism.
Noble Grand Arch Julius S. .Godeau and
Grand Secretary Marttnoni have returned
from their official Visits to the mining dis
trictf.-. During their tour they instituted
a new grove at Angels Camp with forty
three members. It will be knewn as An
gela Grove. The degrees were conferred
by the grand secretary, assisted by ,the
noble grand arch, deputy grand arch and
D. Belioni of Fortuna Grove in the pres
ence of about sixty members of the last
named grove. S. Pedroti of Duncan Mill3
Grova was also present. Before the in
stitution and installation the grand offl
,cers paid a visit to Fortuna Grove, where
the work was demonstrated by the ini
tiation of three candidates by L. Canova
and the officers of the grove. The old
and the new grove Joined in a. banquet in
the evening at which there were at least
200 persons present. District Deputy Bel
ioni was the toastmaster. The next day
the grand officers were taken by a com
mittee in carriages to Murphys, where
they were shown the mining Interests of
that section of Calaveras County and
were also shown the natural bridge and
the wonderful cave. After that the grand
officers. In company of District Deputy
Belioni, went to San Andreas, where they
laid the foundation for a new grove that
it is expected V..U1 soon be instituted
there. '
The grand officers then went to Jack
son, Amador County, stopping on the way
at Mokelumne Hill,, where good work in
the interest of Druidism was done. In
the visit to the grove at Jackson they
were accompanied by M. Belioni, A. Cor
cyilli, G. Cosogundi, V. Bennell. R. Cas
sola and P. Morenchi of Sonora Grove.
Three strangers were initiated. After the
work of the evening there was a banquet
at which William Tamm. noble arch of
the visited grove, was the toastmaster.
The following night they visited Sutter
Creek's grove, accompanied by W. Tamm,
N. A.; S. Campenella and A. Cucellia,
district deputy for the visited grove. Four
strangers were initiated, after which
there was a supper at which Dr. E. V.
Lonigo presided. The members of the
grove are arranging to organize a circle
of Druidesses In that place.
Frederick Seig Grove of Occidental has
now a membership of forty-two, and the
charter, which" has been reopened, will
Dot be closed until the number of fifty
shall have been reached.
California, the mother grove, and El
Dorado Grove of Placerville have reop
ened their charters for sixty days and ex
pect to have a large class to be initiated
by the grand officers.
Hartnagle Chapter has decided to meet
twice a month hereafter, on the second
and fourth. Mondays.
M anzanita Grove.
Manznn'ta Grove of the United Ancient
Order cf Druids on the evening of the
l'iih inst. col s'jratec? its recent wonderful
increase ;n membership- by . a banquont
in a l'cwell-Eiieet rctieserle. . About one.
hundred and sixty partook of the grove's
hospitality. Among the prominent mem
bers, cf. the order present vwefe Noble
Grand Arch Julius S. Godeau, Grand Sec
retary Jemes F. Martinoni, Grand. Trus
tee A. M. Armstrong and Pas: Noble
Grand Arch . George H. Bahrs. During
the repast an orchestra, 'under the leader
ship 01 R. D. Barton, who was toastmas
ttr, dticfursed sweet music, and between
courses the assemblage was entertained
wilh vecal selections Ay Fred H. Everett,
It. D. Murphy and M. Hermill; specialties,
by Richard I. Whelan, addresses by. the"
grand officers named, Frank Marini, Wal
ter Demartini and M.. H. Hernan, past
arches of the grove; Noble Arch S. . C.
Glover, William Antonovicb; district dep
uty; Louis de Bartlett, Judge Barry.. D.
Q. Troy, Emmett ' J. f Hayden and Dr.
Lord; also with short stories by District
Deputy Stock. During the j evening the
grove, through Junior Past Arch Hernan,
presented a handsome emblematic charm
to PaEt'Arch Demartini, and at the close
of the presentation Demartini returned
the compliment by presenting to Hernan
on behalf of the grove a like token. The
banquet -reae brought- to a close "by giv
ing three cheers for Noble Grand Arch
Godeau and the singing of "America."
Yerba Buena Banquet.
On the night of the 14th Inst., Yerba
Buena Lodge of the Knights of Honor
held its Installation banquet in a Powell
street rotisserie, at which \ there were
present new and old officers and a num
ber of the members, . together with a lim
ited number ,of invited guests. An excel-'
lent supper was served, after which Sir
Knight M. L. Crowe, toastmaster, called
for songs and speeches. W. J. Lyle sang
"Beware," and then Past Dictator S.
F.- Purdy, on behalf of the lodge, present
ed a heavy gold chain and beautiful
watch charm to Thomas Martin, the re
tiring past dictator, in recognition of. his
services to the - lodge while passing
through the several chairs.' The recipient
could not find words to express his feel
ings upon receiving the token from his
fellow sir knights, so, after saying thank
you, broke out in song. ¦ Past Dictator
Purdy also favored with a song in lieu
of a speech, after which Grand Dictator
Archibald held the company for a few
minutes with words of wisdom. He v.'as
followed in the same line by Past Grand
Dictator Benjamin SIoss and Sir Knights
R. K. Noble and A. M. MacPherson, P.
D. Sir Knight E..C. Stock told a story
of adventure that electrified the auditors,
after which Grand Reporter Johnstone
made a few pertinent remarks and the
affair was declared. at an end, all present
expressing the. opinion that it was one of
the most enjoyable reunions that .the
lodge ever had. -j;;,:; 1 . •
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer has re
turned from the session of the relief
board held at Chicago, and all the claims
that' he presented were approved Without
a single correction being required. The
board also allowed the full amount asked
for in the way of relief. ¦."'¦.
The .next entertainment under the
auspices of the officers of " the' Grand
Lodge of California will be given In Odd
Fellows' Hall on the night of the -29th
met., when a choice programme of varied
numbers will be offered. The programme
will be followed by dancing.
Grand Lecturer Danforth has been In
duced to resume work for the extension
committee, and at the meeting .held on
the ISth'test. he presented a plan for the
work to be performed by the members
of that body. V-
The election. for representatives to the
next session of the Grand Lodge will be
held next month, and considerable inter
est Is being manifested by those who de
sire- to attend the sessions of the grand
body. -.
Alter the installation of the officers of
Silver Spray Lodge of •< the Degree of
Honor, i, O. ; U. W., by District Deputy
Mis* Juicy CL'McNear, who was assisted
by Mrs. M.J. Stewart a* past chief of
The grand sub-chief visited Marguerite
Circle, the session being held in the aft
ernoon, as it was impossible to 1 ' obtain a
hall for the evening of the 8th. The offi
cers were examined in the secret and
ritualistic work and were fqund to be
letter perfect. -After the meeting there
was a "Kaffea Klatch." The tables were
laden down with the best that the mar
ket afforded and a pleasant time was haJ.
During the evening of that day the grand
officer visited Queen of the River Circle,
where a number of candidates were initi
ated in . a most satisfactory manner,
showing that country circles .are close
followers of the ritual. In the afternoon
of the following day the grand sub-chief
companion gave the officers a special
audience, when she Imparted to them in
struction In matters about which they de
sired to be informed. During her stay
with this circle she was the guest of
honor at aibanquet served in one of the
local restaurants, which was the equal of
some of the best that are served in moro
pretentious localities. The grand | sub
chief then left for Orovllle. . . :
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. Hel
ena Worms has been j visiting circles of
the. Companions of " the. Forest of Amer
ica in the interior. On the Gth inst. she
whs. with Courts Concardia Circle, where
there was a large attendance, all but n>e
of the members being present in. their
hall, which was magnificently decorated
with, flowers/, evergreens and streamers of
crape paper. Three strangers were in
itiate-1 and the applications of twelve who
wish to become members of, the order
were received. The work of the circle
was -followed by the public installation
of the officers for the current term. The
ceremony, conducted in. the German lan
guage by the grand sub-chief, waa wit
nessed by many of the friends of the cir
cle members. This was followed by a
repast served in the banquet hall, where
a number addressed the audience. The
grand officer took occasion to. compliment
the officers of the circle for the very ef
ficient manner in which they performed
their work. ' '
American . Companions.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Agnes
Thornagle, who was one of the best be
loved .members of the order, will take
place to-day from the Native Sons'. Hall
under the auspices of Alta Parlor.
Golden State Parlor No. 50 "will,' "after
the end of this month, 'meet in Marshall
Hall in the Pioneer building !on the first
and third Wednesdays as usual;
The installation of the officers of La
Vespera Parlor of South San Francisco
was followed by the presentation by the
parlor of a handsome emblematic gold
enameled pin to Mrs. Mary . McCormick,
the . retiring president, the,, presentation
being by Miss Annie Worth, the install
ing officer, In a felicitous speech. This
Was followed by the presentation by .Mrs.
Nonhenmann, the president, of a
bunch of beautiful roses to Miss Worth,
after which ; the members, marched to the
banquet hall, where after, a sumptuous
supper there was an hour of singing. and
dancing:.: . . . .
I; The. following named were" visitors at
the; office of the" ' grand secretary . last
week: - Grand President . "Mrs. Baker;
Eliza' D. Keith,; grand vice" president;
Clara' Fotheringham, Amapola . Parlor;.
Josephine . Coddington. Orinda Parlor;
Grand /Treasurer Amanda. Hammerfy,
Agnes Thornkgle, ' Alta. Paiior; . i.Tillle
Fincke, Aloha Parlor;. Hanna 'Bailey,
Darina Parlor; Mrs. J. II. Shine of Dar
danelle Parlor, . wife j of United States
Marshal Shine: Susie Kalthoff,..Yosemtte
Parlor; Mrs. Harvey Anderson, . Orinda
Parlor; Mrs. Thomsson, La Estrella Par
lor;/Mary Waters, Las Lomas Parlor;
Lena H.' Miils, P. G. P.;.Mary Dempsey,
Minerva Parlor; Miss Ella Bourne, noble
grand of Loyal Rebekah Lodge; \ Dolly
Hyams, San 'Souci Parlor, and Mrs. Pom
croy of La Bandera Parlor.
Ida B. Herman, D. D." G. P., will install
the officers of Ursula Parlor January 23
end those of Amapola on the 22d.
'.Naomi. Parlor, one of the' most popular
in the | order and "also - one of ; the/ most
hospitable,, the . members always enter-;
tainingJ.wHh lavish hospitality, has -re T
cently purchased a new silk flag j to dlsr
play at meetings and on festive occasions;
Crlt Hampton, D. D. G. P., she could not
instalPthe officers of Dardanelle [ Parlor.
The ! grand president telegraphed author
ity to Mrs. Aggie Lunstedt of Buena
Vista l'arlor, who was in Sonora on-in
stallation night, to act for Mrs. Hamp ;
ton.-. -• •' .;¦ . /: . . .. ' •¦
honor.'Mrs. James E. Parmelee as usher.
Miss Loretta B. Donnelly as lady of
honor and Miss A. Lee as chief of cere^
monies, the lodge, through Mrs. Stewart,
presented to Mrs. M. Morrison, the retir
ing chief of honor, a past chiefs jewel.
This was followed by a banquet, at which
Mrs. Stewart S was the toastmistress. :
There were responses to a number, jof
toasts and wishes for the prosperity of
the lod^e. - • •
After the installation of the officers of
this tent Past Commander H; L. Tick
ner, on behalf of the members of the
tent, presented to the retiring com
mander, James H. Sampson, a beautiful
diamond mounted Jewel of his . office.
George V. Lerol has been : re-elected
scribe for the tent.
This tent has' selected a new degree
team from among the "veterans and it is
doing excellent work, the rendition of the
part of Antlochus, the Syrian King, by
Sir Knight Gaffney and that of Matta
thias being unusually fine.
been imparted to them. Th'is tent fa se
lecting a . new degree team from among
the veterans and it is expected that when
it is organized it will be one of the very
best In the State.
inducted into office on the 14th
lnsf by retiring Worshipful Master I. J.
Aschhdm, assisted by Past Master J. "W.
Anderson as roaster of ceremonies. There
¦tvwe many present to witness the beau
tiful ceremonies, among the number be
ing Grand Master Wells of the Grand
Lod.?e of California. The following named
are those who are to govern the lodge for
the current term: I. P. Klncaid, worship
ful master; "W. T. Baggett. senior war
den; Gecrge L. Darling, junior warden;
John F. Kennedy, treasurer (twenty-sixth
year); G. Penlington. secretary (twenty
fifth year); 1L L. Hanson, senior, and
A. W. Turpin, junior deacon; H. R. Hath
away, marshal; ti^orge C. Ormsby and
Charles E. Jacks-on. stewards, and 1'.
fUfgcIhntipt, lylcr. The lodgo presented
to the ix'tirinc n:a$ter a small but very
beautiful past master's jewel, in the cen
to- of which is au Immense solitaire dia
mond that can be converted into a stud.
The presentation was followed by several
congratulatory speeches and then, a ban
quet, which was partaken of by nearly 200
members of the fraternity. At the closa
of this there was/tt call for speakers by
K. Myron "Wcif. tcastmaster, and among
those -who responded were Rev. J. NIeto,
who spoke most eloquently on charity;
Marcus Rosenthal, W. T. Baggett and a
number of others.
HE last of the subordinate
f~^~? 1 lodges of the Free and Accept
n \ ed Order of Masons to have its
[^ 1 officers installed for the cur
\^-*-y rent Masonic year was Pacific
' Lodge, whose officers were
THE SAN-FRA^GISOO CALL, SUNDAY; >JANUAHY^19^-1»P2.
AS TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS OF LODGES
| The postoffice has been. making experi
ments Detween London and Glasgow with
a new system of , telegraphy by which
twelve messages can be sent over the
same wire simultaneously and the number
can b« doubled; by the duplex method of
transmission. '-. - "¦•"CT.---\ i:~-.i"?~. v .-¦'• *-¦¦•*¦
32
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^^
From the Treasurer of the Young
People's Christian Temperance
Association.
Miss Elizabeth Caine, Fond dtTl-ac, WIs.
-. - -~ — y — ¦ — —^— -•¦ ¦" ' ¦$$£.
The advent of womanhood is fraught -with dangers which even careinj
mothers too often neglect. Some of the dangers are belated and suppressed
menstruation. "The lily droops on its stem and dies before its bea^.y ia
unfolded." It is well demonstrated in Miss Caine's letter that liydto IS.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certain to assist nature to perform
her regular duties, and young women who are irregular, or have any ailment
peculiar to their sex should hasten to commence the use of I.ydla ii.. -l^"^*.
ham's Vegetable Compound, and then sit down and write a letter to Mrs.
Pinkham telling her all about their illness; she will give the case careful
and motherly consideration, and advise just what to do to get well ; she considers
such letters strictly confidential ; she will charge nothing, and thousands ol
young women owe their present health and happiness to her advice.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all youngr women who are ill to write
her for advice. . Address Lynn, Mass., giving full particulars.
. MISS ELIZABETH CAINE.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I want to tell you and all the young ladies
of the country, how grateful I am to you for the benefits I have received
from using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I suffered for
eight months from suppressed menstruation, and it affected my entire sys-
tem until I became weak and debilitated, and at times felt that I had a
hundred aches in as many places. I only used the Compound for a few
weeks, but it wrought a change in me which I felt from the very begin-
ning. I have been very regular since, have no pains, and find that my
entire body .is as if it was renewed. I gladly recommend Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound to everybody." — Miss Elizabeth Caljte,
69 W. Division St., Fond du Lac, Wis.
" : When the young girl's thoughts become sluggish, when she experi-
ences headacheSj '"dizziness, faintness > and exhibits an abnormal disposi-
tion to sleep, pains in the back and lower limbs, eyes dim, desire for
solitude, and a dislike for the society of other girls, when she is a mystery
to -herself and friends, then the mother should* go to her aid promptly.
At such a time.the greatest aid to nature is Lydia E.Pinfcham*s Vege-
table, Compound. It prepares the young system for the coming change,
and is the surest reliance for woman's ills of every nature.
TFTten.you ask for Mrs. Pinkham's medicine at your druggist,
do not be persuaded to take something else said to be "just as
gpod.*' Nothing in the world is so good for women's ilia.
533 £p?\ /$p?S /?^ fHl I* 1 \ S f 13 f$ Rl Owin;» to the fact that some slc;pric»l p«op!«
\k 0 a \i ' t- 13 K §O fits Si M S *1 ave f rom me to 'i/ne questioned the genuine-
US K**!^ E J : fe j t R-l |3 g a a ff4i B J n " s °* t * le tIst ' rnon ' a ' lexers we are constantly
\(rCf|fftt g N t I g lacs HB Jf 8 8 fl £«P publishing we have deposited with the National
¦.HE E | | H City Bank, of Lynn, Aiass., $5,000, -which will
B Ga IjJ ; G E| be paid to any person mho w.Il show that the above testimonial is not
<fc^^y i^jr* %W» VMS' genuine, or was published beior« oljt.iinin™ the writer's special rirmiv
V 19 \*8» .^O^ M3f> s j on# — tydla E. Pinkham Medicine Company, Lynn, Mass.The Supervisors' Finance Committee
has recommended that the ordinance pro
viding for the /establishment of a houie
telephone system in the City and County
Hospital be passed by , the " board. . The
system will cost $750 and the money for
the purpose will come out of the urgent
necessity fund. <
Souse Telephone System.
'Two hundred- guests \ were received be
tween 2 and 5 o'clock.' : Those who assisted
in, receiving i.were:.^--;-. Aci
Mm. John' G.; Conrad, Mrs. George F. Volk
maun. Mme. Emelia ; Tojetti, Mrs. Irving y;
' Mrs. J. Brandt's tea, yesterday at her
home, 946 ' Haight , street, was largely at
tended. The guests of j honor were the di
rectors of the Laurel Hall Club, of which
Mrs. Brandt is president."- The decorations
were ] artlstic.x the music; excellent and the
affair; a" success in every detail.; Dainty
refreshments were served. , ;
The Spinners' Club gave a delightful tea
yesterday afternoon. j.Thls . club Is : com
prised " of , such ¦ a chairmlne coterie of
clever people that \ their . Informal "at
homes" cannot fall toibe the cholces^so
cial and artistic successes. The tea yes
terday was given in the little clubhouse
of the Spinners on: the- premises of C P
Robinson," 1213 Jones street. The walls are
covered with papier mache matrices from
newspaper offices, and^decorations, . bits of
art, ' paintings, sketches, decorated' china
and books from the hands of the' mem
bers, are to ¦ be seen here and ' there. A
number of the talented Spinners were
present, including Miss 'Ida Robinson and
Miss Mary Bell, who received the guests
Notwithstanding the rainy weather nearly
fifty, visitors dropped In' during the after
noon.- . .' -r-'VC-'% ¦•'•"' .- : " '•"':¦¦'- "¦¦¦¦¦' : -
Miss Melone. Ml»s Clara Huntington. Miss
Marian Huntington. Mta", Louise Redington.
Miss Elizabeth Mills, Miss Hazel Noonan j of
Los Angeles. Miss Virginia Rodgers Nokes,
MIbs Kathertne Herrin ana Miss Edith Hunt
ington. ' ¦ "v '-' -.
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Miss Elizabeth Huntington entertained
over two hundred guests yesterday after
noon at her home, 2S40 Jackson street. The
large drawing-rooms were decorated sim
ply with cut flowers, chiefly red. Mrs. H.
E. Huntington and her. daughters were all
•gowned in white and- looked especially
charming. The* hours' .were 5 to .6, but
some guests were induced to remain far
Into the evening.
MATINEE TEAS
OCCUPY TIME
OF SMART SET
DEATH LAYS CLAIM TO
AN ESTIMABLE LADT
Mrs,-Martlia A. Cope, Wife of Judgo
W. W. Cope, Passes
Away.
Mrs. Martha A. Cope, wife of Judge W.
W. Cope, the well-known attorney of thia
city, died at her residence, 3017 Washing
ton Street, on Thursday last. Mrs. Cope
was for many years a resident of San
Francisco.
She was born In Kentucky, and came to
California In 1836. Judge Cope arrived
here In 1850 in the midst of the gold ex
; cltement, and in building up a successful
practice became permanently identified
with the State's early history. After a
few years Judge Cope was joined by hia
wife, and together they have resided in
San Francisco ever since.
During her long residence her© Mrs.
Cope made many friends, and her demise
will be sadly felt by them.
Deceased was 77 years of age, and be
sides her husband leaves two sons, W. B.
Cope of the firm of Morrison & Cope, and
George W. Cope, auditor of United States
customs, to mourn her loss. The funeral
will take place to-day. J'r ."•-;
. . . ¦ ? ¦
The site of old Fort Washington, NeT<
York City, is to b© marked by an elabo
rate stone memorial. This Is to be dedi*
cated November 16, -the -one hundred and
twenty-sixth anniversary of the battle.
The detective employed by Phelan dur
ing his Incumbency, had . reported that
during his inspection he had found that
the sweepers had not cleaned the middle
of the street, but only the gutters and
crossings. Gray .explained that special
crews were employed ~ to sweep gutters
and crossings only . and the j expert was
unaware of the. work to be performed by
"special" and regular crews.
No .'action was taken by the committee
In the 'matter , of holding .up the Novem
ber . demands for street sweeping, as
Chairman" Curtis was not able to be pres
ent at the Investigation. A resolution was
adopted directing that daily inspections
and reports' be made by the' inspectors. •
The Supervisors' Street Committee held
an investigation yesterday into the report
of a private detective employed by ex-
Mayor Phelan that Gray Brothers were
not complying .with the specifications of
their street sweeping contract./ .
Rev. ¦ J. T. "Wills.- Rev. Edward- J. Harper,
Rev. Clifton Macon, Rev. H. Gehrcke. • Rev.
George C. Eldrldge/ Rev.' Phillip Coombe, Rev.
B. • J. Lion,E\A. L. Larson, Rev. :F.- A. Keaat,
Rev. H. Burr, C. B. Perkins, Rev. William E.
V William Alwood. ." H. C. Symonds, .. Rev. . E.
Nelander, . Rev.-.AV. ~ M. 'White."" Robert J. Mer
cer. Rev. R.' Logan. H.'C." Bostwick. Mark L.
Cord, Rev. C. ¦ N. Lathrop and C. J. Haars.. .
. Those over the districts are:
A. A. Macurda, president; Rev. M. D. Buck,
vice president ;, H.' C. Symonds, secretary; Rev.
W.M." White, .treasurer; Rev. B. R. Nelander.
C. B. Perkins. C.-,W. Pike. ' Rev. . F. B. Cher
rlngton. Rev. . Herbert Parrlsh. Rev. • H. H.
Bell, . Rev. H. Gehrcke and ; John Stark.
The group superintendents are as fol
lows: .,- r ." ¦ -
A meeting of the executive committee
of the House-to-Hous3 Visitation Associa
tion will be held January 21, at 5 o'clock
p.' m., in the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation building. Plans will be discussed
and arranged to facilitate the carrying
out of the purposes of the association.
All those who are interested in Sun£iy
school ¦work are invited to attend. "
The chief aim of the ' association' is to
create greater. interest In Sunday-school
work. The association is non-sectarian.
Its work consists of locating those who
are not attending any Sunday-school and
in giving their names to the church of their
choice. When the delinquents are brought
to the' notice of their pastor the work of
the association ceases. If persons. are
found to have no preference for any church
their names are left at the' central office
of the association, where they are acces
sible to the pastors in whose districts the
persons reside.
-The visitation work is to be actively
commenced on the evening of January 29.
The city has been divided according to tho
school census districts. Over each dis
trict a superintendent has been Installed,
whose duty It Is to secure visitors, distri
bute the canvass books.Tecelve the reports
and return the names to - the super
intendent. ¦
This house-tp-house work has; never be
fors been attempted In this city, but It
has i been \ carried on with flattering suc
cess in more than "100 cities in the East.
A canvass of the entire State of Indiana
has been recently completed. 1
> In; the- seventy-two towns', and. town
ships, ..with total population of 213,563,
1955 visitors' called on 55,933 families. Of
these 93,383 reported as being church mem
bers," and 16,492— about one in thirteen of
the people— expressed no religious prefer
ence. Four thousand five hundred and
seventy-nine persons, reported that they
had their church^ membership ' In other
parts of the country.' ¦ *
The following named members of the as
sociation comprise the executive commit
tee: ::¦ . " ¦ ¦
Supervisors' Committee
: on Streets Demand
- Reports. .
Visitation Association
/ Prepares to Begin
canvass.
¦WASHINGTON. Jan. 18. — The "War Depart
ment is advised of the surrender of 365 In
surgents to Brigadier General James F. Wade
at Cebu, P. I., January 14. On January 15
they took the oath at Taglibaran, Bohol.
"General Dewet," says an American ac
quaintance of the Boer soldier, "is the
finest horseman in South Africa. He sits
on his horse as gracefully as a prince,
and sticks on like a cowboy."
WANT CLEANER
THOROUGH FARES
PLANS SUNDAY
SCHOOL REVIVAL
Dugan Rev. C. O Paterson. ¦William Roberts.
Rev H N Bevler. Rev. J. H. Macomber, Rev.
Frank S. Ford, W. B. Burs. George V. Mc-
Caualand. H. F. Eden, Charles G. Cooper, "Wil
liam Hlckford, C. C. Wilson. Mrs. Myrtle S.
"Wilson. A. P. Black. C. Adams. F. G. Spencer.
Fred Jentzen and J. E. Prescott.
Miss Rennle Schmitz pleasantly enter
tained some of her friends at the home
of her parents Saturday evening, January
11. The evening passed In dancing and
the rendering of several solos, .among
which was "Asleep in the Deep,','- by Mr.
I. Schmitz, who was much applauded. At
midnight the guests repaired to the din
ing-room, where a bounteous repast was
partaken of, after "which dancing 'was re
sumed. Those present were: Elsie Gran
ger, Harry 1. Clinch, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Silling, Minerva D. Roemer, Mr. A. Soria,
Mr. and' Mrs. I. Schmitz, Dell M. Mace,
Dr. Baneas, Laura Norse, Robert O'Con
nor, J. Kennedy and Judge Marino.
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Blssinger of 1713
Elllk street, on February 2, will reach
the golden anniversary of their married
life, having been wedded in Kentucky in
1852. They will be pleased to receive their
friends on that day from 2 to 5 p. m. and
will be assisted In receiving by their
daughters, Mrs. S. J. Hlrsh and Mrs.
Pauline Ansell, and their granddaughters.
Miss Edna Ansell and Mrs. B. S. Dickhoff.
Mrs. Herzog gave a delightful party on
January 11 in honor of the seventh' birth
day of their son, Aurel. The little ones
enjoyed themselves pleasantly with
games,' reciting, singing and instrumental
selections. Mrs. Herzog was assisted in
entertaining the little folks by Mrs. Col
lier, Mrs. Peters, Mrs. Bussy, Mrs. Ma
gulre, Mrs. Flodberg' and Mrs. Deapoll.
Those present were: Master Ralph Flod
berg, Master Walter Buneman, Ralph Pet
ers, Howard Bussy, Otto Hordt, Robert
Collier, Chester Walsh, Artilo Deapoli,
Edward Herzog, Aurel Herzog, Gertie
Flodberg, Marian Collier, Lulu Collier,
Gladis Davis, Emegine Magulre, Adel
Deapoll and Edith Walsh.
Miss Lycette Wetjen entertained a
number of her friends at her home, .708
Capp street, on Tuesday evening, Janu
ary 14, in honor of . her friend, Miss
Gladys Mestayer Houpt.
The charming young hostess was as
sisted In receiving her guests by MI33 L.
Eva Purlngton and Miss Julia Dunn.
Among those present were: The Misses
Emma Mentzer, Rossetta. Forest, Flor
ence Thurston, May Peters, Camille Peto
rlus, Eva Mason, Julia Dunn, L. Eva
Purlngton, Gladys Mestayer Houpt and
Lycette Adelaide Wetjen. - : '
On Saturday evening, January 11, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Schenkel gave a delightful
reception at their home, 1305 Fifth avenue
south. The guests were agreeably enter
t alned with music and dancing and at
midnight refreshments were served^
Among those present were:' Mr. and Mrs.
H. Nonnemann, ; Mr. . and Mrs. Charles
Artlgues, Mr. and Mrs. J:- Sour, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Lacaze, Mr. and Mrs. L. Nonne
mann, Mrs. John Bayle,, Mrs. C. McCar
thy, Miss Catherine Bayle, Mr. and Mrs.
P. Schoelles, Mr. and Mrs. P. Schenkel
and Baby Schenkel.
A pleasant surprise party was given by
the members of the Phi Delta Phi to
Frank C. Chalmersand Henry, Campe at
the former's residence, 328 Halght street,
Thursday evening, January 10. The even
ing was spent In games arid dancing.
Those present were: Miss Alice Rene,
Miss May Foley, Miss Selna Robinson,
Miss Bertha Gall, Miss Anita Ferdinand
sen, Miss Tillle Gouting, Miss Bertha
Altzroth, Miss Nora Mayers, Miss Hazel
Mayers, Fraijk C. Chalmers, . Henry
Campe, J. Watson Webb,. William DJck
son, Herman Settlon, Frank Be Dahl,
William Wankowskl Jr., Fred Schultz, Jo
seph Covert, Frank Limblaln • and Bert
Conrad.- , ;
On Saturday evening, January 'li. Miss
Home Parties
Civil Service Commissioner Ohnimus
and Secretary Edward F. Moran had a
conference yesterday with Mayor Schmitz
regarding the approaching examinations
for promotions in the Police Department.
A discussion was had as to what would
be the proper percentage to allow for se
niority of service and meritorious service,
but no conclusion was arrived at, as it Is
intended to have a Joint -conference with
the Police Commissioa.
Discuss Police Promotions.
Thompson was arrested here yesterday
elternoon and Laughlin and the third
man were taken at Webb City, Mo., this
afternoon. Thompson's arrest being kept
quiet until the police had made sure of
the others. Thompson, who Is still in
custody, was formerly keeper of a pool
room at Cherryvale, Kansas. Chief
Hayes -asserts that Laughlin has been
concerned in the fake footracing scheme
at Webber City by which sporting men
end others have been beaten but of $200,
000 in the nast elx months.
The drafts were what Is known as cash
ier's drafts, which are not used as nego
tiable paper by depositors. They were
written upon the paper of the Logan
County Bank at Sterling,' Colorado, and
were three in number— one for $2000; one
for $3000, and the third for $1500. All were
signed "C. E. Doherty." The Sterling
bank In reply to a telegram said the
drafts were bogus.
G. R. Thompson, who presented the
crafts for payment, W. J. Laughlinf to
whom the drafts wsre made payable, and
another man whose name Is not known,
have been arrested on Information filed
by Charles Moore, assistant cashier of
1 he. bank. ' '
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 18.— An attempt to
defraud the National Bank of Commerce
through Its stock yards branch in this
city out of $6500 by the use of forged
drafts has been discovered here.
Yesterday tt was found that in many
places the inside covering of the ship's
umbers, six inches thick, and the elght
c en-inch timbers had been eaten through
by fire axid between the cargo and the
sea there remained only the charred
outside planking of the chip. Less than
I'jOO tons of coal was saved for delivery
here. The ship will leave on Sunday for
Pan Francisco, where she will be docked
tot repairs.
VALLEJO, JaA. 18.— A discovery that
sent a shudder through the crew was
made when the last of the cargo of coal
was taken from the ship Roanoke yes
terday. Fire broke out in the hold while
the vessel was en route from. Norfolk to
Mare Island and Imperiled the ship and
lives of the crew for forty days. It was
known to have done damage, but the ex
tent of it was under-estimated.
Mr. and Mrs. Kragen, have returned
from their wedding trip and will -be at
home to their friends-, on Sunday,. Janu
ary 26, at their residence, 1497 Geary
street. . • •
Mr. and Mrs. N. S.Neuman announce
the barmitzva of their' son Lloyd Satur
day, January 25, ; at ; the Sherlth Israel
Synagogue, corner of_. Taylor and Post
streets. "T
Mrs. Henry Peterson leaves shortly for
England, where she 'will remain until
after the coronation!, ceremonies. She
takes with. her two V nieces from New
York. Mrs. Peterson Is the mother of
Superior Judge Frank Kerrigan. -
Mrs. Jules Clerfayt "will be pleased to
receive her friends at. 1607 Webster street
on the first and third Thursdays of each
month. .'¦¦ '¦-,.. ,
.Mr. and Mrs. Mozart are at Paso Robles
Hot Springs.
Mrs. Max Abrams of 1228 Jackson. street
has discontinued her day at home for the
present.
Mrs. Hugo Mansfeldt, who has been
spending some' time in Paris, left there
January l'.for Vienna." _• ' . . .
Mr. and Mrs. G. Stern of 608 Buchanan
street have returned home after an ex
tended Eastern ¦ trip. " "
Mrs. J. .Turkman (nee Cohen) will be
at home on the third Tuesday In each
month, at 242D Ninth street.'
Mr. and Airs. S. B. Jacobs of Port Cos
ta announce that their son Jay was con
firmed at the Temple Emanu-El yester
day. They will be pleased to receive their
friends this afternoon, between 2 and 5,
at the residence of Mrs. J. Cohen, . 2055
Powell street. . .
Frank E. Edwardes, second steward' of
the steamship Ventura for the last four
teen months, who Is taking a vacation,
was presented with a very, handsome
dressing .case, with embossed initials in
solid silver, by his admiring shipmates on
Wednesday, last.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Shay of Ahwahnee
are visiting relatives In the city.
Mrs. H. «Cohn of 1608 Scott street will
be at home every Thursday.- "
Mrs. Joseph S. Spear has been seriously
ill since her return from the East, and
is confined to her apartments in the Pal
ace Hotel with a severe case of grip.
Personals.
Three Men Are Arrested and
Charged With the
Crime.
Crew Learns of Its Narrow
Escape When Cargo
Is Removed.
Mrs. Beaver, Miss Beaver, Miss Kate
Beaver and Miss •¦ Ethel Beaver sailed
from Yokohama, Japan, January 4, for
Ceylon, India.
Lieutenant and Mrs. H. S. Roosevelt and
Dr. and Mrs. Murtagh, U. S. A., sailed on
the transport Kilpatrick for Manila. . Mrs.
Murtagh will be remembered as Miss
Ramona Shorb.
Sailed Away.
Kansas City Bank Offi
cials Stop Swindling
Scheme.
Roanoke's Hull Only a
Charred Shell in
Places.
The wedding of Miss Nellie Olender to
David Franks took place on Sunday last
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. Stern,
1236 Golden Gate avenue. The parlors
were beautifully decorated In smilax and
roses. The Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy officiated.
Miss Sophie Stern acted as maid of honor
and Miss Eva Stern and Esther H. Olen
der as bridesmaids. Charles Stern, an
intimate frieyd of the groom, acted - as
best man. Mr. and Mrs. Franks are
spending their honeymoon through the
southern, part of the State. On their re
turn they will reside In the city.
Miss Bessie Hicks and Charles Cable
were married In ' the Mission' Dolores
Church at noon of Friday, January 10.
The bride was attired in a gracefully
clinging gown of gray silk, and wore a
becoming hat trimmed with white' ostrich
feathers. After the ceremony the bridal
party repaired to- the home of the bride,
where an elaborate luncheon was par
taken of. Miss Hicks was well known in
musical circles as the possessor of an
unusually sweet voice and as an accom
plished pianist. The groom ' Is the son
of Captain _Cable of the Buffalo, N. Y.,
police. The happy couple left - on the
steamer City o£ Peking on the Uth Inst.,
bound for Yokohama, Japan, where Mr.
Cable will assume the agency of a promi
nent American firm.
Charles Schwartz and' Jessie Gross were
married at 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon
last at the residence of the bride's pa
rents, Mr. and Mrs. L. Gross, 915 Oak
street. Mr. Schwartz came here from the
East some years ago and latterly has
played second base on the San Francisco
team. After a honeymoon trip to Southern
California Mr. and Mrs. Schwartz will go
to Seattle, where Mr. Schwartz will en
gage In business with his brother. /
They Are Harried.
FORGED DRAFTS
FAIL TO PASS
FIRE EATS OUT
SHIP'S TIMBERS
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will give their fourth assembly and
german on next Friday evening at the
Palace- Hotel. Several new and pretty
figures of the cotillon will be danced.
The California branch of the Collegiate
Alumnae Association will give a recep
tion to the 'senior girls of the State Uni
versity and the Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity January 25. The reception will be
given at the home of Mrs. Charles W.
Slack, 2224 Sacramento street! .
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Block, 2214 Web
ster street, announce the engagement of
their daughter Meta to S. Sellgman of
Bernalillo, K. Mex.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Friedman announce
the engagement of their daughter, Rebec
ca, to N. Moskowitz.
D. Conn announces the engagement- of
his daughter, Nattle, to Charles Greene
wald of Sacramento.- They will receive
to-day at 443 Natoma street, from 2 to 5
o'clock. ¦
The engagement reception of Miss Ger
tie Lapidaire and Louis M. Getz will take
place Sunday, January 26, from 2 to 5 p.
m., at 1047 McAllister street.
Mr. and Mrs. K. Neuman announce the
engagement of their daughter, Helene, to
Samuel Rosencrantz, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Rosencrantz. Reception Sunday,
January 26, at 404 Franklin street. 2 to 5
o'clock.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Tillie Kohn to Max Kahn. They will re
ceive Sunday, January 26, from 2 to 5
o'clock, at the residence of Mrs. B. Den
nery, 523 McAllister street.
They Are Engaged.
Among those presentlwere: Misses Vir
ginia M. Potter, Alvina Eisenmann, Paul
ine E. Ryder, . Lillian' Bronson, Mamie
Carroll, Ella von Kapf^, Irene Ware, Eliz
abeth Baker, Edith Stadtfeld, Lottie Has
kell, Sadie Ludlow, \Maeme , Gladding,
Florence Frlsbee, Daisy Huggins, N.
Beebe, Mabel Hamilton, Posey McGrath,
Florence Marlnovlch, May Curley, Kath
ryn Meyer, Gertrude : . Coleman, Lillian
Curley, Sue.Healy, Annabel Flower, Mae
Ludlow, Carrie Baker; Florence / McCoy,
Edna Richmond, Viola Klelneberg, Helen
Wrenn; Messrs. Edward Dougherty, Wil
liam Wilson, Philip Heuer, Dr. William
A. Ellis, Earl de Veuve, D. E. Stewart,
A. D. La Motte, Harry C. Johnson, Paul
Westerfeld, Robert Gates, Dr. F. H. Von
der Lelth, Percy C. Windham, Dr. A. W.t
Baker, George F. . Roberts", Ed L. Bron
son, Acton Haven, Fred :W. Burgess, M.
de Lyons, Arthur Meussdorfer, Roy
White, Louis F. Kelly, William F. Saw
yer, Walter H. Robinson, Mr. and Mrs.
Forrest Wayman, Mr. and Mrs. Louis S.
Aitken.
The members of the N. S. L. K. 10 cele
brated their . thirteenth anniversary with
a most enjoyable and successful reception
on last Tuesday evening at Cotillon Hall.
Seventy-five couples were in attendance
and the floor was under the directorship
of . Merrltt D.' Robison/ assisted : by - the
following committee: '.James T. Ludlow,
Herman Herzer, Dr. Edward D. Keeffe,
Henry C.Lassen, Philip J. Eisenmann,
Philip Heuer and Sanford G. Lewald.
Club Parties.
Lillian H. "¦¦: Becker entertained a number
of her ¦ f rlenda. . Those who participated
in the merriment were: Miss Lillian
Becker.V Miss Edna' Davis, Miss Minnie
Huber, Miss Pauline Utschig, Miss Clara
Berg, Miss Ella Sander, Miss Dora, I.
Colver, Miss Gertrude - L.. Hurtzlg, Miss
Bertha Ochs, Miss Orenla Wilson, Miss
Clara Grafe, Miss Ruby' Tyler, Miss
Freda Staub, Miss Christine J. Klaas.
Miss Josie Pltto, Miss- Clara ..Weber, Miss
Nellie Gallagher, Miss. Annie. Pi tto, Miss
Annie Gallagher and Miss Lorena Towle.
'¦ : -\'-Kl letter week for others than
debutantes. Mrs. David Green was guest
of honor at Mrs. Dlbblee's Informal tea.
Miss Bernice Landers gave a dinner for
Mr. and Mrs. George S. Wheaton of Oak
land. Mrs. James Jerome entertained
sixty ladies at cards to meet Mrs.' Winder
of Detroit at the Sorosls Club. Mrs. John
Mills of Portland had an Informal euchre
party given for her by Mrs. L. K, Larze
lere. at the Pleasanton. The Mills Club
gave a large reception at the Century
Club In honor of Mrs. C. P. Mills, presi
dent of Mills College, and Miss Kllnk, ex
president of the alumnae. Among the
younger - set Miss Georglna Jones . was
feted by Mrs. W. E. Lester and again by
the Misses Brlgham: Miss Louise Har
rington gave a luncheon for Miss Kute
Brigham. Mrs. Oscar N. Taylor was hos
tess at a tea introducing Miss Edith Cox
head to her friends. Miss Stella Fort
mann also gave a farewell luncheon for
Miss Maud Cluff.
j£*<~Q OCIETY has been feted the past
/P*""—"^ week in a manner that 'bears
\SA^\ testimony to the generous*.
" 1 hearts of the hostesses as well
(f^^y as the popularity of the guests ,
' of honor. It was * also a red- .
Society NEWS.
TELE SAN FRANCiSOO :CAIiti, SUNDAY, ' JANUARY 19, ;19d2.
The Quests - of the ¦', Roanoke Hotel, ; on
Bush street, enjoyed a dance last evening.
Two hundred • people : were present, one
hundred being - residents of the • hotel and
the others . their invited \ friends. The dec
orations ' were *' elaborate,*, pink and green
predominating in' the color scheme. - Many
stunning gowns were worn ana altogether
the ball wai a delightful affair.
Moulton Miss Henrietta ' Stadtmuller. Miss .
Marie S. Wood. , ' ,
'The -drawing-rooms of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry ; A". .Butler's residence. V'AIta Vista,
in Piedmont; were thronged with visitors
yesterday • afternoon. - the occasion being
the "at home" ol the "Women's Exchange.
The decorations were In excellent taste
&nd the guests delightfully -entertained.
The reception committee ; was composed
of the following named:
• Mrs f H: ' Al Butters., Mrs. E. ¦ C.' Morrison.
Mrs W.- W. .Standeford, Mrs.. William Letts
Oliver Mrs. Francis Cutting Jr.", Mrs. M. C.
Chapman, Mrs. Lillian " Everett, Mrs. C. W.
Randall, ! Mrs. Henry Burns, Mrs.' Edward Re
millard Mrs. W.- E. Sharon, Mrs. Munsell,
Mrs. Charles Egbert, Mrs. - Reed. Mrs. TV. C.
Moran. Mrs. ¦ Reynolds. ¦, Mrs.- H. C. -Mygatt.
Mrs J.'.B. iBarraclough, Mrs. ¦."Wlllard Barton,
Mrs Wrl&ht, Mrs. Joshua Dunbar, Mrs. Anson
Barstow, Mrs. Paul -'. Lohse, . Mrs. E. J. . Cot
ton Mrs. Edward Walsh, - Mrs. Rutherford,
Mrs Robert H. Moore and Miss Mary Barker.
. . - ' . • ' ¦ * " • • — iC* Tim +* aim W-* tm i\i fit im '
33
BEBHMUUnEHHHBHHHMHBBHaaHEUBBHBBB
I ...OUR... j
1 Stock-Tdkifia Sale. 1
§ j = §
g arc OQly eleven more business h
| | days in January, during which we are S
| - • offering great bargains, such as are n
¦ seldon) offered to the public. W"HY? Be : ss
| cause'we have no past inventory soiled or I
n bankrupt goods. Only clean fresh goods ¦
n of this season's purchase. ¦
a S
h } Fur Jackets, b
1 | / ) Fur Capes and Collar- |
p / F.ur Boas in All purs and 5
m I par Every Style. b
a * Cloth Coats. S
H '•'• 2
S OFF Tailor-Made Gowqs, g
| Al i D Waists. Wool. SiiK ai)d S
S WUK Cotton, ¦
Q ' _. mm
I REGULAR Shirts, Wrappers y aod ¦
1 MARKED \
I " irrc Feather Boas, 5
| PRICES. Lacc i^ uches g
¦ for Ladles, Misses and Children. I
I ROBERT WALLACE^ I
I 219 GRANT AVENUE. g
IIIIIIIIIIIHlillllllllllllllflllllllllllllll
v NEWMAN ft LEVnTSON.
;;yv: •;;•; (g^^ — —
.We take stock on Feb.- ist. We do not want to inventory a single broken assortment, no matter
how fine or-what the cost. Therefore we have selected from every , department— the odd sizes —
short lengths and. broken lines and made such price reductions as to -positively insure a quick
clearance. The several items we quote show how we have reduced prices to attain our end.
"' v - •' . .Glpves i at Half Price
.• Gloves for Ladies— 4000 pairs. This is the clearing up of our stock. We don't want to count
them a week hence— thus the result is that choice gloves will be sacrificed regardless of cost.
$2.00 Gloves for $1.00 $1.50 Gloves for 85c
• The "Maggioni" Kid Gloves, one of the world's Two and three clasp Sue^fe Gloves of ex-
best makes, 'we have sold thousands of pairs at ceptionally fine quality, consisting principally of
$2.00, and later, thousands at $1.50 a pair. The evening shades, but many among them are useful
skins are soft dnd "elastic and of the very finest for street wear. They were considered excellent
quality; come in Navys, Greens, Reds, and value when sold for £1.50 — we have since sold
Greys— their only fault, buttons instead of clasps, thousands at $1.00; now we have marked them
A real bargain at :$l, 09. at a price that means cjuick selling— 85c.
New Flannel Waists Reduced
No better opportunity could present itself. We have reduced in prices our entire stock of
Flannel, Cashmere and Aibatros Waists, just "when you need them most. All are in Fashion's
latest— in plain, polka dot, tucked, embroidered, etc. Some button in the front, others in the back,
all in the most desirable; of colors. The quantity, involvedis very great and every Waist in the
offering is unquestionably a genuine bargain. -.. v
$2.50, $2.75, $3.00 Waists "-.- now $1.70 $4.00, $4.50, $5.00 Waists - - now $3.45
$3.25, $3.50, $3.75vWaists - - now $2.45 $5.75, $6.00, $6.25 Waists - - now $4.85
Art Einens Very Low Priced
Here are all the of a leading manufacturer. If you have use for Art Linens —
this chance should not be slighted. They. are all White— some plain, some hemstitched, others are
exquisitely embroidered. All are offered from .one-third to one-haif less than prices regularly asked
for similar goods. • ¦ " ¦ ' ' ¦ - • • ¦ •'
Drawn Work Scarfs Embroidered Scarfs Plain Scarfs
Size 18x36....... ...Sale price, 52c Size 18x36........ -Sale price, 68c Size 18x36 Sale price, 47c
Size 18x45 Sale price, 68c Size 18x45 ¦—. -...-.Sale price, 73c Size 18x45 Sale price, 58c
Size 18x54 ......... ..'.;..... Sa!e price, 75c Size 18x54 ••.-•• Sale price, 88c Size 18x54 Sale price, 63c
r> u -j jr- - ,. t>- Size 18x72 .......Sale price, 90c Size 18x72 ...Sale price, 77c
Embroidered Center Pieces OIZC * ' .,110 \ FmhrniHwrl 9nn«irA
,.H inch diameter........Saie price, 25c Hemstitched Squares s . ™ roidercd , S q" ar « ,
19 inch diameter........$1.35 and J1.95 Size 12x12 Sate price, 2c Size 32x32 73c, 75c and 85c
30 inch diameter........* 1.85 and $2.45 Size 15x15 ....-Sale price, 18c Also some finer goods at sale prices
Ladies' Sweaters Reduced to Boys' Leggings Reduced to
$2.2 5 5OC.
A Closing out broken lines of Ladies' all wool Just the thing for' the boy to wear going and
Sweaters — Good qualities, in Cardinal, Black, coming from school— will keep him warm — they
Navy and White, also some with white hair, line are made of canvas, with canton flannel lining —
stripes— formerly $2.75, $3.00, $3.50' and. $4.00. come in sizes for ages from 4 to 10 years; were
each— All to go at $2-25. - : originally 75c a pair— now 50c.
That Great Sale of Corsets
The sale will-continue for a few days longer.. Large crowds have attended this sale, but owing
to the jmmense quantity involved great values are still to be had— Styles that were originally 31.25,
$1.50 and $1.75 a pair — All Reduced to 75c.
1/ /"S-ff During this month we will -give: on all remnants of Dress Trimmings, Laces and
/<$ ; Vr,~V Embroideries,> discount of 33^%- off the regular remnant prices.
t . Kearnf and Suffer Streets ==========
r ADVERTISEMENTS. •_.' _ __¦_
¦j ' . •..,---' ¦ .. . '.- .. • ' : -'•' ,
CITY OF jgl| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
SPRING NOVELTIES
MADE ON BATISTE, GRASS LINEN, SWISS,
CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK. \
Edgings, Inscrtings,
Galons, Allovers,
Readings, Flo vncings.
DESIGNS TO MATCH, In White, Ecru. Champagne, Ivory
and Natural.
SPECIALLY SELECTED,
A errand line of WHITE EMBROIDERIES to sell at
10c, 12c>£, 20c, 25c and 35c a^yard.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
/ SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square WM
./H ADVEBTISEMKNTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial 'blemi«hes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donobos
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
¦ scar; permansney guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
"J8£&b $1OOO
Wf REWARD
FOB A CASE OP
Wrinkles or Freckles
Which we cannot remove— to stay re-
moved—In seven days, without pain or
cutting. No matter how deep your wrin-
kles or how black your, freckles, no mat-
ter how many wrinkle remedies or freckle
bleaches you have tried— remember we
can and will show you definite and posi-
tive results In the very first treatment,
which is given free to all as a proof. La-
dies always on exhibition at our parlors
with wrinkles and freckles removea from
one side of their faces to show the con-
trast. Call and see them— seeing is believ-
ing. "Women of 50 are made to look 25.
Over 14.000 cases successfully treated since
1893.. Call or write for full information
why wrinkles will not return and why sun
and wind - will not bring back freckles
after removal by our exclusive secret
process. A lady Is in reception at parlors
to explain methods to callers. Strictest
confidence is observed. New York Institute
of Dermatology. San Francisco. Cal. Co-
lumbian Building. 916 Market street (oppo-
site Emporium). Take elevator to fifth
floor.¦ The following named have been elected and
installed as the directors of the Sons of the
American Revolution: XV. J. Dutton, presi
dent; G. H. Gray, ¦ senior, and A. D. Cutler,
Junior vice president; E. Bonnell, secretary;
A. 8. Hubbard, registrar; C. H. Warner, treas
urer; B. Mauzy, marshal; E. M. Adams, A.
E.' Ells, G. W. Spencer, T. R. Reed, - J. W.
Farrington and T. B. Boardman, trustees.
Sons of Revolution.
Palo Alto Club.
'Able'Elberg has installed the following
named as officers of the Palo Alto Social and
Beneficial Club for the current term: Martin
S.-' Meyer, president; Miss Tlllie Stone, vice
president; Morris Rapheld, financial secretary;
Mrs. H. Marks, recording secretary: Miss Hat
tie Elberg, right, and Miss Dorie Elberg, . left
bower; Flora Jacobs. treasurer; .William
Schmulaln. guard; E. Kahn, C. Harris and I.
Levy, trustees.
After installation Guy Fowler of Red Croaa
Lodge, Spokane, Wash., on behalf of Laurel
Lodge, presented to the retiring chancellor
commander a very fine jewel of his rank.
The officers of Laurel Lodge of the Knights
of Pythias were Installed by Deputy Grand
Chancellor B. R. Marsh. They are: B. Mayer,
chancellor commander; P. L. Phillips, vice
chancellor; John Dorn, prelate; P. Abraham
son, master of- work; M. L. Gibson, master of
the exchequer; A. C. Kull, master of finance;
Ernest Ullman, keeper of records and seal; H.
J. Shalmont. master at arms; J. H. Brooks,
outside guard: Daniel W. Saylor, trustee.
Knights of Pythias.
J. J. Kennedy, prophet; A. D. Mason,
sachem; William P. Read, senior, and David
Marr, Junior sagamore; A. J. Bryan, guard of
the wigwam; Isaac Harris, guard of the for
est;. H. Leison, first, and M. Graham, second
sannap. '
Deputy Great Sachem J. H. Hutaff, assisted
by J. McCarthy and G. B. M. Hommell, raised
up the following chiefs of Seneca Tribe: r ¦
W. J. J. Weeks, ?achem; Dr. R. J. Creagh,
senior, and E. Ruthers. junior sacamore; W.
P. Wand, chief of records; Charles Gay, keeper
of wampum, and C. F. Felles, first sannap.
David Becker, sachem; L. ¦ \V. Spriggs,
senior, and H, J. McMahon, junior sagamore;
J. W. Kelly, prophet; Frank G. Roney, chief
of records; N. J. McNamara, keeper of wam
pum; A. Felter, first, and W. S. Martin, second
sannap; C. J. Eskilson, guard of the forest.
The following officers of Manzanita Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men have been
raised up by District Deputy Great Sachem
P. G. Varney: - . .
The following chiefs of Blazing Arrow Tribe
of the Improved Order of Red Men have been
raised up - by District Deputy Great Sachem
J. Harry Hutaff. assisted by Past Sachems H.
Rudolph and J. McCarthy: » -
Improved Red Men.
The following named were installed by i the
San Francisco board of deputies of the In
dependent Order of Foresters, President Stew
art being the Installing officer:
J. S. Williams, court deputy; E. H. Howell,
past chief ranger; O. K. Brown, chief ranger;
C. S. Noyes, vice chief ranger; George \V.
Salmons, orator; E. S. Lemmed, senior, and- J.
S. Potter, Junior beadle; H. B. Mariner, eenior,
and R. A. Pabst, Junior beadle; Dr. J. Coplin
Stlmson, physician; Dr. J. W. Glnno, treasurer;
M. E. Busse. recording, and A. N. Daniels,
financial secretary. ,
W. H. Adalr, court deputy ; M. D. Suther
land, past chief ranger; M. C. Aros, chief ran
ger; T. J. Desmond, vice chief ranger; J. H.
Mahan, recording secretary; E. • H. Seymour,
financial secretary; C. F. Johnson, orator; A.
McDonald, senior- woodward; F. W. Seiford,
Junior woodward; G. O. Higuera, senior beadle,
and W._ J. Rogers, junior beadle. ¦ ¦ •
After the installation the' meeting was ad
dressed Tor the good of the order by Deputies
Stewart, Kelly, Brown, and by several mem
bers of the court ¦
Court. San Francisco of the Independent Or
der of Foresters, has had its officers installed
for the -current term by the board \ of San
Francisco deputies. The officers are:
Independent Foresters.
The following named officers of -Magnolia
Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of Honor were
installed by Mrs. Emma Quitzow.D. G. P.:
E. J. Stanley, past protector; Pauline Simon,
protector; Nellie Dockery, vice protector; John
J. Hicks, secretary; P. J. Joyce, treasurer.
A collation followed the installation.
S. Hyams, past protector; J. H. Uchtman.
protector; . Mrs. , L. Zimer, vice protector; S.
American,, secretary; Emma ;Quitzow, treas
urer; Mrs. E. Smith, chaplain; H. W. Qultzow.
guide; A; Harris, guardian; Mrs. E.~ Edwards,
sentinel. .. >.-¦.-.'-..; ¦ ••
L. J. Marks, past dictator; J. D. Nankin,
dictator; M. L. Crowell. vice dictator; B. W.
Laidlaw, assistant dictator; R. H. Noble, re
porter; -C.. G. Noble, financial reporter; A. J.
Fairweather," treasurer; J. O. Brown, chaplain;
William ¦Harris,, guide; M. C. London, guard
ian; William Wallace, sentinel; brothers Mac
pherson, Crowe and Brown, trustees.
District Deputy Grand Protector ' Frances J.
Williams has Installed the following named as
officers of Bay City Lodge of the Knights and
Ladies 'of Honor: ¦ '. * <
Grand Dictator Archibald, assisted by Grand
Reporter Johnston and Grand Treasurer Lampe,
installed the foliowing named as the officers
of Yerba Buena Lodge of the Knights of
Honor : ¦ . .
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
to the circle. This was followed by the serv
ingr of refreshments and dancing. _
Degree of the Amaranth.
The following: named elected officers of Cres
cent Court No. 3 of the Royal and Exalted
Degree of the Amaranth will be Installed In
Golden Gate Hall on the night of the 24th lnst •
Barbara Eommer, 'royal matron; George L.
Darling, royal patron; Ida Spence, associate
matron- Annie Irene Simpson.- conductress -
Mary E. Donohoe, associate conductress- ¦ J&!
¦ephlne Leech, secretary; Mary Oatman,
treasurer. - ¦
DIED.
BOEKER — In this city, January 16, 1002.
John Booker, better known as Pabast the
. Basket-maker, a native of Germany, aged
60 years.
CTRemalns at Charles J. B. Metzler's un
dertaking parlors, 636 Washington atreeU
Aldine Club Officers.
The following named have been Installed as
the officers of the AldineClub for the current
term:
Walter B. Burner, president; Dr. Joseph E
S«£d. vice president; H. 6. Bansman, record-
Ing secretary, and Dr. Henry Sylvester, flaan
"•*-* Mcretary and tre&iurer.
Sarah M. Williams, president; Mr». M. Wood
ruff, senior vice president; Mrs A. Bucker.
junior vice president; Ella Lewis,- secretary;
Mre. Monson. treasurer; Mrs. A. B. Merritt,
chaplain; Mrs. E. : Waltz, conductor: Mrs.
M. Shehan, assistant conductor; Mra M.
Thayer, guard; Mrs. H. J. Roth, assistant
guard; Mrs. B. Scbultz, Mn. V. Foot. Mrs.
M. Joseph and Mrs. M. West, color bearers
The reports show that the corpi had a very
Euccessful year and that much of the good
work during that time was due to the Indi
vidual efforts of the retiring officers, particu
larly Past Secretary Mrs. F. Worrell and the
treasurer, Mrs. Monson.
In the presence of a large assemblage the
following named were Installed a* officers of
Lyon Corps. G. A. R.. by Past Department
President Mrs. Cora A. Merritt:
Lyon Corps, Q. A. TL
Mrs. J. J. : O'Caliaghan. the Junior past chief
companion, was . presented a certificate ! of her
rank ¦ In -th« order, and ¦ Miss Foye,; the retir
ing past chief, was presented a valuable em
blematic badge In recognition ¦ of her services
The officers of San Francisco - Circle, : C O
F. of A... have-been installed by S, Schweitzer
D. G. C. C, assisted by John O'Caliaghan as
marshal. ' The new . officers are : Miss Mary
F. Foye, past chief; John S. Skelllcorn. chief
companion; Elizabeth F. O'Keefe, sub-chief;
D. O'Caliaghan financial and James J. O'Calia
ghan'recording secretary; John P. Lynch
treasurer; Virginia Brady: right and'/Alexan
der Lynch left guide; Elizabeth M. : Osthoff In
side and Eugene A. Springer ; outside guard ;
Mrs. John Payne, trustee for one year; Fanny
C.Eccles," organ 1st. <-¦ .- ;V- ts *¦..•;:.'¦-.••
Miss J. Schweitzer, the retiring past chief
companion, was presented a handsomely framed
certificate of her rank and a fine emblematic
gold enameled badge of the order.
The officers of Martha Washington • Circle
of the Companions of the Forest of America
were installed by Mrs. Emma Harrington, D.
G. C. C, 'assisted by Samuel Schweitzer as
marshal. The officers are;
Miss E. Kragen, past chief companion;
Charles M. Licht.. chief companion; M. K.
Kruder, sub-chief; Matt Brady, recording sec
retary; Abe Levy, financial secretary; F. Depth
lesenk, treasurer; Mrs. M. Corsel right and R.-
Helne left guide; Miss M. Menger inside and
A Anthony outside guard;, Mrs., A; Levy, trus
tee. ¦ • ' ' "-:":• ¦¦ ¦ ."¦ ; ¦¦/ :¦¦*. -:>J
-Mrs. J. Nicholson, chief companion; Mrs. H.
Schneider, sub-chief companion; ¦ Nat Roth
man, financial secretary ; Mrs. E.'J. N. Stein
weg, recording secretary; Mrs. M. F. London,
treasurer; Mrs. L. Greaber right and Mrs. S.
Carter left guide; Mrs. J. Glbeau , inside and
Mrs. M. Murray outside guard; Mrs. F. Margo,
organist; Dr. A. P. Woodward, physician; Mrs.
M. E. Farrell, trustee.
Deputy -Grand Chief Companion Herman
Kohn has installed the following as officers of
Live Oak Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America: . • . :
American Companions.
Oscar Hocks, the retiring president, was pre
sented a costly ..gold and diamond badge of
his rank in the order, after which Samuel
Wolf presented the aerie a silver mounted
rosewood gavel for the use of the president
Golden Gate Aerie of the Eagles has had the
following officers installed for the current'
term: J
Dr. T. B. "W. Leland, past president; Frank
J. Shannon, president; Elbert C Laws vice
president; George J. Martin, chaplain; B. F
Hanlon, secretary; Fred C. Bates, treasurer-
William Maxwell, conductor; T. E. Bailey in
side and John Sherman outside guardian- Sic
Levy, M, C. Morgensen and Charles J. Stew
art, trustees; Dr. Leland, physician.
The officers of San Francisco Aerie of the
Fraternal Order of Eagles were installed by
Ed L. Wagner, assisted by T. H. Lindsay and
E. L. Head. The new officers are:
C. G. Nagle, president; C. F. Williams vice
president; S. Michael, chaplain; Gus Pohlman,
secretary; E. L. Wagner, treasurer; F. H.
Everett, conductor: C. H. Donlan Inside and L*
Holz outside guardian; J. Baselty. F. Dunn w"
H. Flaherty, trustees; Drs. E. Bunnell and J.-
J. Keef e, physicians. \ \ ;
Fraternal Eagles/
J. S. de Lancey, regent; Dr. Engs, vice re-
Bent; Dr. J. T. Lilley. orator; H. W. France,
secretary; C. C. de Lancey. collector; C. D.
Parrish. treasurer: L. XV. Baker, chaplain- M.
Tobriner, guide; T. D. Bacon, past regent.
The ofneers of Sierra. Council of the Royal
Arcanum have been Installed by Deputy Grand
Regent T. G. Hodjklns for the clurrent term.
The new officers are:
The officers of Golden West Council of the
Royal Arcanum have been installed by Deputy
Grand Regent J. B. Whitney. They are:
H. G. W. Dlnkelspiel, regent; G. F. Bart
lett. vice regent; T. D. Colestock, orator; C.
M. Seeburt, past regent; T. G. Hodgklns, sec
retary; H. D. Hutt, collector; I. Bllnn. guide;
Thomas Banks, treasurer; G. M. Van Buren,
chaplain.
Royal Arcanum Councils.
United Moderns.
The following named have been Installed as
the ofneers of Ban Francisco Lodge of the
United Moderns for the current term:
E. W. Jakobs. chancellor; W. F. Buswell,
re«rent; Dr. Nuckolls. orator; T. G. Hodgklns,
recorder; J. H. Baker. financier; Miss G.
Tbornhill, guide; Miss M. Ober. warden; J. H.
Paulsen, watchman; Harr Wagner, past chan
cellor.
After the Installation Banker Smith, on be
half of the camp, presented to the retiring con
sul commander a very fine Jewel of his rank
among the neighbors, after which a collation
was served and there were addresses, music
and tonga under the direction of Neighbor
Schweinhard, acting as master of ceremonies,
assisted, by Neighbors Ailbright. Barcel and
Russell. •<'.-.= -; .
Retiring Concur Commander I. L. Isaacs has
installed the following officers of Redwood
Camp of the Woodmen of the World : H. Wes
sels, consul commander; George Lay, adviser
lieutenant; H. C. Smith, banker; F. Russell,
clerk, and J. Barcel. assistant clerk; A. Wehr
ner, manager; George Werner, watchman- J.
Casey, sentry, and G. Allbrtght. escort. The
Installing officer became the past consul com
mander for the term.
Woodmen of the "World.
Mrs. M. Daley, past president; Mrs. Lillle
Dygert. president; Mra. Mary Copeland, vice
president; Mrs. H. Crooks, chaplain; D. B.
Dygert, treasurer; W. E. Palfruman, financial
secretary; Mre. Frances Barnett. recording
secretary; Miss Nellie Brown, marshal; Mrs.
Nellie Miche. warden; L. F. Giddlnr. guard-
E. H. Henderson, sentinel: Miss Pearl Bry
son, organist: Dr. W. M. McLaren, physician.
The installation, which was public, was wit
nessed by a large number of the friends of the
membera, and after the ceremonies there wan
a social hour.
The following named have been installed as
the ofneers of Olive Branch Lodge of the
Friends of the Forest:
Friends of the Forest.
A very pretty gold pin was presented to Mrs.
JUjbie Bowls, the retiring president, as a token
of the fraternal love of the members, and an
«-!egent jewel was presented to Lena Scholten.
the treasurer, in recognition of her faithful
muvUxa during the last fifteen years.
The following named have been installed as
the officers of Seven Pines Circle of the Ladles
DC the Grand Army of the Republic: Lillie
Dunn, president; Ella Tait, senior, and Lizzie
Tully, junior vice president; Annie M. Phil
lips, secretary: Lena Scholten. treasurer:
Martha Finch, chaplain; Florence Athey, con
ductress; Lizzie Houts, assistant conductress;
Allie Bailey, guard, and Murilla Jeffries, as
tistant guard.
Ladies of the Grand Army.
. Following the Installation there was the pre
sentation of a beautiful fire gilt vase to Mrs.
Lemme. the retiring chief companion: a Jar
dineire to Mrs. Drendell, financial secretary,
and . to Mrs. Schultz a silver chatelaine bag.
A basket of choice flowers j was presented to
Mrs. Zelssing, the newly Installed chief com
panion- •*- ¦
The following: named officers of New Century
Circle of the Companions of America were in-
Stalled into office by Mrs. Emma Harrington,
past grand chief companion and district deputy;
Mrs. Mary Lemme, past chief; Ernestine Zelss-
Ing, chief companion; Jessie Weissol; sub-chief;
Mrs. A. E. Drendell, financial, and ; Bell Bur
ton, recording secretary; Mrs. Sarah Severson,
treasurer; Louise Story, right, and Lena Reck
enbell. left guide; Emily Schultz, inside, and
Mrs. Burton, outside guard; Florence Holt, or
ganist; Mesdames Morey, Page and Morrlsey,
trustees. , ' - ¦ •• ; :
After the installation there was a pleasing
programme of entertainment arranged by
Messrs. Hammond, Clayton and . Allen, ¦ the
committee on social hour.
The installation was followed by presenting
the retiring chief ranger a collar of his rank
and a certificate of past chief ranger.
High Chief Ranger M. Boehm assisted the
board ofdeputies of the Ancient Order of For
esters in installing the officers of Court Twin
Peaks for the present term in the presence of
a large number of people. The officers are:
P. L. Moore, past chief ranger; Arthur Allen,
chief ranger; Jacob Boodt. sub-chief ranger;
W. T. Hammond, treasurer; Alexander Smith,
financial, and Alexander Cairns, recording sec
retary; W. F. P. Coin, senior, and Alexander
Smith. Junior woodward: Louis Jutting, senior
and James Ernest, junior beadle; J. H. Soper,
physician, and R. A. Brayman, organist.
District Deputy High Chief Ranger J. W.
Lehy installed the following named as the of
ficers of Court Star of the West, Ancient Or
der of Foresters, for the present term: M.
Boeple, past chief ranger; Otto Miller chief
ranger; Jt W. . Roberts,, sub-chief ranger.-
Thomas Poyser, financial, and Frank J Ma
guire, recording secretary; Thomas Pe'mber
thy, treasurer; E. F. Cleary. senior, and E
Hay, Junior woodward ; H. A. Parker senior,
and W. Wolflnger. Junior beadle; H:' F An
derson, organist; Drs. W. T. Bell, Jerome A.
Anderson and D. B. Plymire ' physicians- W J
Thorpe. H. B. B. Chapman, C. H. Williams' f.
W. Lehy and S. sSaywell, trustees. •
Ancient Foresters.
F. E. Higgins. chief patriarch; S. J. Iley
wood, high priest; M. L. Trainor, senior war
den; J. F. Nichols, scribe; C. E. "Benedict,
treasurer; J. Deas. junior warden; Edward
Glcason, guide; J. A. Foster first, E. O. Flan
ders second, W. L. Koch third and G. A. M.
Gall fourth watch; C. - E. Perry first and A.
Leclare second guard of the tent; H. B. Lar
sen inside and J. C. Moorman outside sentry.
After the ceremony of installation the mem
bers of the encampment and the visitors were
banqueted. Those present were entertained by
addresses by prominent members of the fra
ternity.
The officers of Golden Gate Encampment No.
1, I. O. O. F.. have been installed for the
present term by R. C. Black, district deputy
grand patriarch, assisted by C. F. Phillips as
grand junior warden. They are:
At the close of the work C. F. Phillips, the
retiring noble grand, was presented a hand
some locket as a token of appreciation of his
service for the lodge. It bears on Its face and
back in enamel the emblems of the several
branches of the order.
Charles L. Zelgler, noble grand; JoBeph J.
Phillips, vice grand; Henry W. Osthoff, record
ing secretary; WJlllam B. Curtis, treasurer;
Edwin W. Schrader. permanent secretary; F.
R. Moore right and Joseph Cassidy left sup
porter to noble grand; John Noll right and J.
Rowlands left supporter vice grand; A. Mc-
Pliee. warden: John T. Cannon, conductor; W.
A. Rair.ey and H. A. Hetzer, scene supporters.
The officers of Fidelity Lodge, I. O. O. F.,
were Installed by District Deputy Grand Mas
ter Frank E. Smith. The new officers are:
F. W. Stowell, past grand; E. J. Lloyd, no
ble grand; W. E. Creed, vice grand; L. A. Hoff
man, recording secretary; C. F. O'Neill, per
manent secretary; D. A. Hagans, treasurer;
Samuel Hortop. warden; William Ratosky,
conductor; H. A. Talbert right and A. J. Pink
son left supporter to the noble grand; William
Leland right and A. W. Chalker left supporter
to the vice grand; Walter G. Ben right and
W. W. Young left scene supporter; J. C. Mar
tin, guard.
Templar Lodge of the L O. O. F. has had its
officers installed by District Deputy Grand
Master Deas. They are:
Odd Fellow Lodges.
State Commander Lady Minnie Aydelotte ln
e:alled the officers of Fraternal Hive of the
Ladies of the Maccabees. The officers are:
Mrs. Kate Hart, past commander; Mrs. Alma
Jackson, commander; Jennie Greene, lieuten
ant commander; Mrs. Ida J. Lerol, record
keeper; Mrs. Sarah Soroco, finance keeper; Dr.
Maria rr.a Bertola, physician; Miss Maud de
Peel, sergeant; Mrs. C. Bendell, chaplain; Miss
May Roddy, mistress at arms; Mrs.- Sophie
Knorre, sentinel; Mrs. Eugenie Thereux,
picket; Miss Amy Rowan, organist.
J. II. Sampson, oast commander; Frank R.
Sampson, commander; C. E. Jacteon, lieuten
ant commander; H. H. Castle, record keeper:
Theo Frolich, finance keeper; C. W. Seeley,
chaplain; Clarence Erickson. sergeant; C.
Smith, master at arms; L. Guennendez, first,
and C D. Mcran, second master of the guard;
William K. Pitt, eentinel; W. B. Greenberg.
picket; J. M. Jacobi, trustee; J. H. White
eide, armorer.
State Commander S. W. Hall, assisted by
Past Commander D. B. Richards, installed the
following officers of San Francisco Tent of
the Knights of the Maccabees:
Maccabees.
W. W, Brackett, master workman; James M.
fileaves, past master workman; F A. Grlfflng
foreman; T. E. Rooney, gxiide; F» G. Austin,
inside, and C. F. Stansbury, outside watchman.
Alter the installation there was a programme
of entertainment contributed by W. W Brack
ett. B. Lehrltton. F. A. Grifflng. P. Gillon,
M. Quast. and addresses by Past Grand Mas
ter Workman Danforth and Deputy Trowbridge.
District Deputy Grand Master Workman
Trowbrldge, assisted by a number of acting
grand officers, installed the officers of Spartan
Lodge, A. O. U. W., in the presence of a large
number of people. The officers are: ,
P. T. Kenny, past master; J. P. Whitney,
master; H. P. Thomas, foreman; M. J. Curtln,
overseer; L. M. Manzer, recorder; John Sondag,
financier; Fred T. Knowles. receiver; C. F
Kirby Jr.. guide; A. E. Savers, inside, and
A. Gunther. outside watchman; P. N. Britt,
trustee, and J. J. Taylor, physician. - - ¦ • '•
Major M. J. Blackman, D. D. G. M. W.,' of
the Ancient Order, of United Workmen" as
sisted by a corps of- acting grand officers/ in
stalled the officers of Hercules Lodge. The
officers are:
Walter Wilklns, past master; Harry Moyce,
master; William Kern, foreman; George H.
Mayer, overseer; Henry Merkel, inside, and
John Murphy, outside watchman.
At the close of the ceremony the outgoing
master workman, Walter Wilklns, was pre
sented by the lodge a fine gold watch, suitably
inscribed in appreciation of his services in the
chair. • ,
E. M. Coftey, master workman ; W. V.
Milne, foreman; Max Weisenhutter, • overseer;
Herman Schaftner, recorder; C. S. Hoffman,
financier; H. Marsden, receiver; James Wal
lace, guide; R. G. Wilkie, inside watchman;
P. E. McCarthy, outside watchman, and Drs.
P. H. Maass and C Eidenmuller, physicians. .
The following named officers of Burns Lodge
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen have
been installed by Gus Pohlman, D. D. G. M.
W., assisted by a corps of grand officers:
District Deputy Grand Master Workman L.
M. Manzer installed the following named as
the officers of Memorial Lodge of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen for the current
term:
Workmen Lodges.
Stanford Parlor of the Xatlve Sons of the
Golden West has had the following named In
stalled as its officers for the current term:
Bruce Cornwall, pa6t president; S. O. Stan
yan president; A- F. Schlelcher. J. T. Nash
and'j. Van Noetrand, vice presidents; Fred H.
June recording and Joseph G. Cox financial
secretary; H. D. Lansing, treasurer; J. W.
Hardman, marshal; H. von Valkenburgh. J.
Greenbere and F. C. Boden. trustees; J. M.
Campodonico Inside and G. W. Horstland out
fide sentinel.
At the termination of the ceremony W. D.
Hynes. the retiring president, wae presented
with a. gold and diamond badge of the order,
after which the members went to a restaurant
where they enjoyed a repast, 6tory telling and
eongs.
The officers of National Parlor were installed
In public by District Grand President T. C.
Comyns. They are as follows:
R. L. Radke. past president: W. O. Dixon,
president; William Pattereon. first vice presi
dent; Dr. Charles Boxton, second vice presi
dent; H. G. Muller. third vice president; "W.
V. Doughty, recording secretary; W. B. Lar
kins. financial secretary; P. G. du Py, treas
urer- Dr. N. Rogers, surgeon; James McFar
land. marshal; A. R. Vaughn, D. F. Nunan,
E. D. Oakley, trustees; Dr. J. A. McGough.
inside sentinel; J. B. Regner, outside sentinel.
The installation was on the night of the
fourteenth anniversary of the Institution of
the parlor, and that event was celebrated by a
short programme and dancing. During the
e\-ening the retiring past president, W. G.
Koch, waj presented with a fine gold watch.
The officers of Alcalde Parlor of the Native
Eons of the Golden West have been installed
by District Deputy Grand President T. C.
Comyns in the presence of a large member
ship and Acting Grand President L. F. Bying
ton. Grand Secretary Lunstedt and Grand
Trustee Charles Boxton. The new officers are:
H. A. Bowers, past president; Emelio Las
treto. president; Martin J. O'Donnell. W. N.
Younjrman and H. O. Rogers, vice presidents;
J. McCarron, marshal; J. B. Acton recording
and J. J. Greiff financial secretary; A. Rah
wyler, treasurer; R. H. Andrews, George R.
Barber and H. S. Silverthorn, trustees; Drs.
J. GaJlw<-y and G. Calegarie, surgeons; L.
Heeb inside and Tbonws Smith outside senti
nel; L. J. Hurley, chairman of the good of
the order committee.
Native Sons' Parlors.
Deputy Grand President Annie Worth has
installed the ofneers of La Vespero Parlor as
sisted by Miss Frichette of Buena Vista Par
lor as marshal. The new officers are:
Mrs. M. A. McCormick, past president; Mrs.
Nora Nonnemann, president; Mrs. Mary T.
Derosier. Mrs. Frances XV. Griffiths and Mary
F. McDonough. vice presidents; Mrs Nellie R
Boege. recording, and Miss Annie McDonough'
financial secretary; Miss Maye O'Connor treasl
urer; Miss Tnez Smith, marshal; Mrs' Mar
cella Knierr Mrs. Elizabeth C. Romer arid Miss
Cassie McTiernan. trustees; Mrs. Mary E
Mattes, inside, and Miss Selma Siverson. out
side sentinel, and Miss Emily B. Wlssel, or
ganist.
The following named have been Installed as
the of fleers of Las Tarrosas Parlor:
Myrtle Moore past president; May Gerdes,
president; Charlotte Koch, Delia Qulgley and
Annette Arellanes, vice presidents; Jennie Ty
ler, marshal; Lillian Riddell. recording and
Elizabeth Ennor. financial secretary; Louise
Koch, treasurer; Mamie McKenna, Emilie
Etraub and Bmma Mangels, trustees; Minnie
Leffman, inside, and Mabel Dunn, outside sen
tinel, and Bell Schule, organist
Deputy Grand President Mrs. Ella
Wehe, assisted by Miss Annie Worth as past
grand president, and Mrs. V. R. Bury as grand
marshal. Installed the officers of La Estrella
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West for the current term in the presence of
almost the entire membership of the parlor
and many visitors. The new officers are:
,Dr. L. Boldemann, past president; Minnie
Kleversahl, president; Annie Nichols, Emily
McMurray and Birdie Hoffman, vice presidents;
Alice Boldemann. marshal; May Boldemann,
recording, and Sophie Asmus, financial secre
tary; Cora Thomson, treasurer; Mrs. Torres,
inside, and Annie Bello, outside sentinel; Til
lie O'Rlley, Miss E. Gunther and Miss M. Gun
ther, trustees, and Miss M. Hanley. organist.
After the ceremony of Installation a costly
solitaire diamond ring was presented to the
outgoing past president. Miss Mclnerney; a
splendid souvenir was presented to Dr. Bolde
mann, th« retiring president, and a beautiful
basket of roses was presented to the district
deputy. Then came a surprise in the nature of
the presentation of a beautiful opal and dia
mond ring to Miss Alice Maunder, the retiring
recording secretary. The ceremony was fol
lowed by a collation.
Native Daughter Parlors.
At the close of the installation Mrs. Larimer,
on behalf of the lodge, presented a beautifully
embroidered collar of the rank . of past noble
Errand to Mrs. Hurst, the retiring noble grand,
and then a beautiful Jewel, gold and diamonds,,
was presented by Dr. Frost on behalf of the
lodge to Mrs. Margaret Duncan, the retiring
past noble grand. After that there were ad
dresses by a number of those present, includ
ing Mrs. Olive C. Butler, past president of the
Colorado Assembly and ex-member of the Colo
rado Legislature. A collation was served in the
banquet hall.
Mary B. Hurst, past grand; Julia Jackson,
noble grand; Annie M. North, vice grand; Fan
nie Norman, recording secretary; Emma Craw
ford, financial secretary; Minnie Pollack, sup
porter to the noble grand; Emma Arlson, right
supporter to the vice grand; Mrs. M. Robinson,
left supporter to the vice grand; Mrs.. Margaret
Duncan, chaplain, and Mrs. Pracy, organist. !
Gabriel Cress, past noble grand: Precllla
Munro, noble grand; Erne Happ, vice grand;
Addie L. Ballou. recording secretary; Mary
Laidlaw, financial secretary; Sadie Hodgklns,
treasurer; Lucetta Perry, warden; Lizzie
O'Neill, conductress; Minnie F. Dobbins, right
supporter to the noble grand; Edna Hall, left
supporter to the noble grand; Mamie Frieden
berg, right supporter to the vice grand; Alice
Manning, left supporter to the vice grand; Liz
zie Stanion, . chapjaln.
R. C. Black, on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented a collar of- the rank of past noble grana
to the outgoing noble grand and Julius S. Go
deau presented a magnificent Jewel, an em
blematic star with diamond center, to Clara
Gaunsaul, the retiring past noble grand. There
were flowers for the new otficers and the in
stalling deputy, after which dancing was kept
up until midnight.
The officers who are to serve Mission Re
bekah Lodge of the I. 0. O. F. were installed
by district deputy of the assembly, Mrs. Floy
C. Urquhart, and her staff, in Excelsior Hall,
which was tastefully decorated with flowers
and evergreens for the occasion. The new offi
cers for the term are : ,
Bertha Proll, noble grand; Christine Ack
mann, vice grand; Anna Weichart, recording
secretary; Betty Joost, financial secretary; Ot
tillie Egging, treasurer; Josephine Ducroux,
warden; Dora von ,Oesen, conductress; Anna
Iburg, Inside guard; Georgine ' Henken. , right
supporter to the noble grand; Anna Goetae, left
supporter to the noble grand ;/Helene Roeber,
right supporter to the vice grand; Rebecca
Gerbes, left supporter to the vice grand; Emma
Greninger, chaplain; Mary Hocking," past
grand. . « ' . _•
Following the installation Mrs. Segelken, on
behalf of the lodge, presented to Mrs. Hock-
Ing, the retiring noble grand, an- emblematic
Jewel set with diamonds; also a basket of
flowers of the colors of the order, pink and
green. After the presentation a banquet was
served and there were short addresses by the
retiring and the new officers.' ¦ - ¦
The officers of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge of the
I. O. O. F. have been installed by District Dep
uty President Mrs. Florence C. Urquhart and
staff of officers, in public, in the presence of a
very large number of the friends of the mem
bers and of the officers who were inducted into
office. The rulers of this lodge for the current
term are:
' The following named were installed by the
ofneers of Walhalla Lodge of the Rebekahs for
the current term by District Deputy President
Mrs. H. Peterson, assisted by Mrs. Wumm as
marshal: ¦
E-ebekah. Lodges.
The work of Installing officers -In. the
various lodges throughout the city con
tinues. These pleasant events In the fra
ternal world mark the beginning of eaqh
term, which. In. the majority of the
lodges, fall In the first month of the year.
TBTE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1902.
Installations
34
Pretty nearly all the hair preparations
for dandruff have some merit In allaying
Itching of the scalp, and in being a fairly
good dressing for the hair, but there )s
only one that recognizes -what causes
dandruff, falling hair and baldness, and
that destroys the cause, a little germ—
and that is Newbro's Herplcide. This
germ eats its way into the scalp, down to
the hair root, where it saps that vitality,
causing dandruff as it, digs up the scalp
into little -white scales. Unless. It is de-
stroyed there's no permanent stopping of
falling hair and. cure of dandruff and
baldness. Newbro's Herplcide kills the
germ. "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect." ,
Germ and Prevents Baldness.
A New Discovery That Kills the
DANDRUFF CAUSED BY A GERM.
2JEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AHii'SEMzarrs.
*T I. V O Ess 1*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! MATINEE SATi
URDAT AT 2 SHARPS
TO-^GHT— LAST OF— —
"LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD."
FOR ONE "WEEK ONLY!
Commencing MONDAY. JANUARY 20TH,
The Great Hit of Last Season.
THE
PAUL. STEINDORST Musical Director
With the Same Popular Cast.
SEE THE FUNNY TOY SHOP AND THB
ANIMATED DOLLS.
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY,
EATERY CHILD ATTENDING TO BE
GIVEN A HANDSOME PLAY-
THING.
MONDAY. January 2Tth.
F"R/\INKL DANIELS»
QKEATEST SUCCESS. " ; .^
"THE AMEER."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and TSm
Telephone Buah 9.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GHACE, Judge ; U 3. F. G3ACB, Sllpjwr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - January I9th
Crack Hounds in
Competition*
Two Open
Stakes rf Class
104 — NOMINATIONS — 104
TRAIN SERVICE.
i Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:13 a.
m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after the last course. San Sia-
teo electric can every four minutes.
ADMISSION 23 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS
vs.
NATIONALS
TO-DA Y AT *2s3O.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
FISCHER'S cor A^LTon H ,?c USE
Clare/ice: Dora , Merrtn : Mendel and Mack:
Frank Ferez; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton:
Hlnes and Kimball, and Hlnrlchs* ' Orchestra.
neagrvfrt geata. 25c. Mating Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
noteis is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' dlstrlct-on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper oJTlces, banks and ther ,
aters. Street cars to all parts ot
" tne city— depots, ferries and paxfc»-»
»ass the entrance.
American and European plan* .
v iLDVEBTISEBEBNTS.
| wQIllL/lllcl vl"l* &
§ STILL GREATER CUTS- _|
% The continued success of thS GREAT SALE is recognized by *£•
«& all who have witnessed the vast CROWDS of PURCHASERS who
have availed themselves of our
I Unheard of Prices— Much Less Than Wholesale Cost |
<& MONDAY MORNING AT 9 WE WILL OFFER:
—— — - — 5 — 9 *
$10.00 - BLUE CHEVIOT SUITS. Velvet Col- Y $2.50 - LINED VENETIAN SKIRTS. at..95c
A lar. 20 rows of stitching on skirt, at $3.93 $, qq _ ALL-WOOL GRAY VENETIAN V
£ $i2.so — MEDIUM AND DARK GRAY CHE- "" SKIRTS, lined throughout, cut to $1.45 A.
Y VIOT TAILOR SUITS, nobby Eton effect. WOOT BLACK AND DARK! 3l
* •« t $ - 1 GR7Y L cXTELiHAiR CK S K iRTS. D^S *
$.250 - OXFORD GOL? SUITS. Velvet Col- trimmed, cut to 92.05 «•
* ¦ S«oo' tn GrWVENOTJVsUITs'iack«stlk «.*«> -EXTRA QUALITY BLACK CHE- «-
1 $I Zed7 e x«inSuc^.o^.\ J "4Vf« ¦ VIOT SKIRTS, -elegantly made, lined and g.
f I Ml isSWSh S^^ °i.!°S ch^dren's fancy trimmed cheviot *
•ft class tailoring and excellent material and lining. SUITS, (Jacket and Skirt), cut . to „ .... ••^••- *
A . $12.50 - RAGLANS. 55 inches long, cut to.?4.95 •• 92.9^, J^5.4o and 9o.Oo
/£ : $15.00 — J4 KERSEY COATS, with double capes. CHILDREN'S and MISSES' JACKETS. TAF- &
T? Velvet Collar, cut to 1 ..;.?8.95 FETA, Silk lined, cut to j?
<% $20.00 — FANCY RAGLANS, cut to.... $12.95 $3.95 $4.45 and $6.95 ??•
A $,.00 — NAVY BLUE BOUCLE CAPES, at..^ silk MOREEN PETTICOATS, cut to "&•
,T 95 ....:.... $1.45 and $1.95
¦7* ' $6.50 — .¦¦'CAPES, cut to •"••••^U^"^ 95 SILK PETTICOATS to close out at.." .?>:• &.
ft $10.00 — PURE WOOL GOLF CAPES, cuyj.^ -_ .$2.95, $3.95 and $4.05
¦*'.' $iiso 'm^^WT^^P^^^^W^^ 1^ / FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS— %
T? CAPES, cut to $5.95 and $7.95 ' $ 3 ,- 0 an( j qua iit y cut to... $1.95 jjj
«gf- • SILK DRESS SKIRTS, half price. o $2.50 and $3.00 quality cut to $1.45
I 1230, 1232*. 1234 MARKET STREET. §
THE WEEKLY GALL, $1 PERT YEAR.
AMTJSEMEIITS:
Commencing With THIS EVENING,
. Engagement of MR. .'
FREDERICK WARDE
And H!a Own Carefully Selected Company.
Positively One 'Week. Only. .
TO-NIGHT, Monday." and Tuesday Evenings,
"JULIUS OESAk "
Wednesday and Thursday Nights and Saturday
• . Matinee, "THE MOUNTEBANK."
Friday Niffht, "VIRGINIUS."
Saturday Night— Farewell— "KING LEAR."
SEAJS_READY. 7
Next — Sunday Night, January 26 — Mr. Ben
Hendricks. In the Swedish Comedy Play
"OLE OLSON." Seats Thursday.
CHUTES^™ Z00
Big Vaudeville Show .
First appearance of
Hazel Calfahan
_ -AND- . , 7
Prosper Forrest
JUVENILE SKETCH ARTISTS.
,'• bLLA BUR.T
COASTg THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
Every Thursday Night-The Amateurs
• ' ' Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
||^^ RACING
Tjijjr^^^^^**^*-. fvery VVeek Day—
«r Roincr Shins.^'7
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. • ' ''¦'¦¦. ; :
Fzrry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30.. 2. 2:30 and 8 p.m. .connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. ' Last two cars on train reserved for
¦adtes and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry-' tlcketsv to.- Shell Mound.. All trains vU
Oakland mole connect" with • San Pablo avenue
electric > cars at Seventh and Broadway, i Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect .-, with San Pablo - avenue . cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.' These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains • leave ¦- tha track . at- 4: IS
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately atter the last
race. .-¦* --: '. . -. - . ..• , ¦..•,.;. . - . -. , .
H. WILUAMS JR., PrealdeuU
CHAS. P. PRICE. Becy. and Mgr.v ' ¦ :7
AD v jaitx 1 ftw iffTaiMl'tt. ;
CITY i f #§| PARIS
Dry Goods Company.
ARBIVmG^DAILY!
High Novelties for Spring, 1902.
EMBROIDERED LINEN, AND SILK
AND LINEN, |||
IN NATURAL COLORS. THE LATEST PRODUCTIONS
FOR THE SEASON.
Embroidered Etamines arid Plvmetis,
CONFINED STYLES. OUR OWN IMPORTATION
IN THE DESIRABLE COLORINGS.
Last Week otthc Linen Sale!
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
EE. Corner Geary and Stocttoa Streets, Union Square.
AMUSEMENTS.
GOLUPnlBlA LEADING THEATRE
5 TO-MORROW
« MONDAY NIGHji Jan. 20.
Every Niglit, ' Including Sunday.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
KffieLa^elle
Opera Co.
In the Merry Musical Success,
THE
PRINCESS A
An Elaborate Opera Comique. I H I
EQUAL TO "ROBIN HOOD"— I W L
New York Journal, I M TW'
Among the Artist3 Appearing in | 9
' the production are: -
Maude Lillian Berri, Edna Floyd.
Hubert Wilke, Walter A. Lawrence.
Edward S. Metcalf. . Dorothy Hunting;, :^-
Thos. G. • Lsary, Nell McNeil.
Frederick Knizhts.
rvTnA TWO MATINEE
fclA I KA— RECITALS.
AFTERNOONS OF.
\ Tuesday, Jan. 2S, aid Friday, Jan 31.
JOSEF
HOFMANN,
' THE GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— $2, $1 50, $1 and. 50c.
Seat sale begins to-morrow. Monday, Jan. 20,
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music store.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
'* Claire and ine Forgemaster"
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday)
: EVENING,
Limited Starring Engagement -of ..'.¦. 7,-
EDWIN ARDEN
in an Elaborate Production of Alexander Sal-
vlni's Original Version . of • , .¦ .
"D )N C ii&AR ,c BAZ\N",
Now Playing to Capacity at Two of the Lead-
; Theaters In'New York. /
POPULAR PRICES .:.... 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 76o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE- SPECIAL.
4 ' S » ? ". THE SECOND SERIES OF
TliresSymphony Concerts
Under the direction of
PAUL StEINDORFF
Will be glven\ under the auspices. of the"
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOGlclY
On the FRIDAY AFTERNOONS of Jan. 31,
. Feb. H and 28,, at a :15 sharp.
Reserved seats for the series. $:i.50, ' ?2.50,
$1.75 and $t."3, according to location: ' . Sale
begins at Sherman,- Clay & Co.' a Monday, Jan.
20. at 9. a. m.\ and closes Saturday, • Jan. 65.
at 5 p. m. : ¦¦- - • ;
777 ¦ ': ¦ : 4 ¦>¦;¦¦
; CENTRAL PARK;
vVf, Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M
THURSDAYSvJ5ATU3DAYS AND
/SUNDAYS/
Admission 25o and soc.
' AMUSEMENTS.
0 — _ _ _o
"Week Commencing •
THIS AFTERNOON, JANUARY M.
The . World Famous
PDA COMA n
D FAMILY 0
Phenomenal Lady and Gentlemen
* Acrobats.
* The European Sensation, ' .
Taylor
Twin Sisters
Fancy and Trick Skaters.
Ada Arnoldson
The Swedish Sweet . Singer.
THE ¦/ a r* A THE
GREAT |\Ali/\ GREAT
The World's Greatest Juggler.
Last Week of MR. AND MRS.
Gardner Crane
Presenting "AM I TOUR WIFE?"
3 Faust Sisters
Refined Acrobatic Dancers.
Arlhur Buckher
.The Eminent Bicyclist.
THE BIOCRAPH
New Moving Pictures.
Last Times of
JACQUES INAUDI
The Renowned Mathematician.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony.
10c: children. 10c, any part except re-
served. A few front row orchestra
rows reserved. 80c. Front rows of bal-
cony, reserved, 25c.
o o
J ' r mtJTt CSTY HAH
• . Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c. 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time
Augustln Daly's World 'Famous Melodrama,
Under the Gaslight
PIHPFS Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c 50c
IAIWCj Matinees....... ..10c, 15c, 25c
TO-MORROW EVENING — The Exciting and
Powerful Melodrama,
"THE FIRE PATROL."
. A Great Production. .
7 •¦ ~ ~~ ~l ~*T"
BELASCO & THALL. Mrts.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
To-night. To-morrow, Matinee and Evenln*
and All Next Week.
The Big Romantic Success
"FOR THE WHiTfi ROSE"
Unique Scenery— Lavish Coatumea.
NIGHT— TO-MORROW, MON-* *
1 All attending will -be presented with a pho-
I tograph of M. L. ALSOP as "LARRY
I KAVANAUGH." WWKI
- MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
PRICES .15c; 25c. 35c 50c and *75c
• Next— "THE DANITES."
NORDIC4
IN, SONG. RECITALS
METROPOLITAN HALL,
-" 7 First Weak in Febrtiary., ;: WHEAT— Receipts, 155,800 bushels; exports.
39.U05 bushels; spot nrm; No.' 2 red. 88%c : f!
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, "90%c elevator: No. 1
Northern Duiuth ST^a f. o. b. afloat; No 1
Northern Manitoba, 89?4<5 f, o. b. afloat. -On
tlons developed activity and strength this morn
ing on vigorous demands from shorts and a
moderate foreign buying, in addition to this
NEW YORK. Jan. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,320 barrels; -exports. 10,950 barrels; firmer
and moderately active; winter patents. $3 T5<3>
4; winter straights, $3 <5O@3 70; Minnesota pa
ents, $3 S5<fM 15; winter, extras, 52 90@3 40;
Minnesota bakers, f 2 05@3 85; : winter low
grades, $2 75@2 SO.
New York Grain and Produce.
GENEEALLY ACCEPTED IDEA
PKOVE TO BE WRONG
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— There was no change
in the conditions to-day on which yesterday's
advancing prices were predicated. The bank
statement, taken as a whole, was a strong one
and the selling movement with which it was
in<-t was obviously profit-taking by professional
traders. Yesterday's upward movement was
c-or.tinued to some extent this morning, espe
cially In the coalers and some of the Indus
trials, but the latfr prolit-taklng wiped out all
the gains and left several important stocks a
point or more lower than last night. The re
duction In the minimum discount rate from 4
to Z\'i ptr cent and the very strong recupera
tion revealed by the Bank of Germany wm
cor.firmalion of the week's Indications of the
improved situation in Germany. The Indica
tions, are, however, that surplus capital there
Ik inclined to Cow !nta home and other Gov
cmjrer.t «ec«rities, and no disposition hss been
manifest to renew imprest in American Becuri
tkp. A fealuro of the day's market was th«
biil'ling ci> of Chicago, Burlington and viuincy
uncrs'fent'-J stock to "Ofi. compared with last
niglil'^ t!i < T l'Jl. No stock cunie out. Ameri
can Tolmcco unasxented stock sold 15 points
Uisher, at i50. The stock market has felt the
cumulative effect this week of various factors
wtlch were In evidence before, but whlcb. were
SATURDAY, Jan. IS— 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
' . '. Bld.Ask. I - Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.111%112 |4s qr G (new)130 • —
U quar res.-lll^iUS 1 ,!' Ca qr .couo..108K —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
The Old Doctrine TJpheld by the Eng
lish Courts in Recent
Cases.
One serious obstacle to the erection of
high buildings In London or any other
English city -is the statute of "ancient
lights." The Court of Appeal recently
handed down a decision on this law re
versinc the decision of the lower court. >
The statute Is an old one and provides
that any one who has a window in his
house overlooking his neighbor's land or
building gains In twenty years an abso
lute right to the light coming In at tho
window. The only way a neighbor can
defeat this Is by promptly erecting a
screen to block the window. In the pres
ent, case a factory in Leicester had been
used during the nrst part of the twenty
years for the making of boots and shoes
and subsequently for the manufacturing
of hoisery. Neighboring buildings have
recently grown in height, so that now
the factory has not so much light as it
once had, and the owners are compelled
to use more gas. The result was a suit
for damages. In the lower court the ac
tion was dismissed, but in the higher
court it was sustained on the ground that
the factory had won a right to. as much
light as had ever come Into the windows.
The exact point decided in the case is a
technicality which is not of specific im
portance, but it is interesting to note that
Knglish law is quite peculiar In this right
v/bich It gives to the man who builds first
to Interfere with building on his neigh
bor's land. The American courts have
definitely refused to recognize any such
right for the reason that it unduly ham
pers the development of towns. On the
Continent the matter is dealt with by for
bidding people to build, right up to their
boundary without their neighbor's con
sert.
"ANCIENT LIGHTS" STAY
PROGRESS IN LONDON
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L P Marre, Santa Cruz
£2 Cronen, Seattle
J A Goelf rey. Seattle 1
G E Myers, Portland
K. M Finks, Merced
J A Rlcharson, Or
K A Buckner, St Louis
T J Wright. Denver
H E Walker. Boston
F McKenna, Niles
J Welsch. Oakland
C G Anderson & w. Cal
S Harrington. Redd In*
II Harrington, Redding
Rev O B Gretff. B C
O E Welsh, Vancouver
5 Mclvens, Sydney
P McNaughton. N S
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • ainreh. May.
Opening « 2>.j C 2'i
Closing 0 2i.. .,. i> -jt;
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 21 j»o 22 UO
Closing ...2195 22 05
Flour— 1 . -
Opening 27 75 28 80
Closing 27 85 28 90
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. ¦ Jan. 18. — CATTLE— Receipt*.
500: steady. Coed to prime, nominal. $n 5O^i)
i" 40; poor to medium, $4 0o®"5; stackers and
feeders. ?2 25@4 75; cowg. $1 25£i4 20; heif
ers, ?2 25(&5; canners, $1 25(&i2 25; bulls, J2@
1 20; calves. $2 50@0 25; Texas-fed bteers,
?3 25<&>5 60.
HOGS_Receipts to-day. 21,000: Monday,
40.000; left over, 3000. Market active, 10c
higher. Mixed and butchers', $5 90gG 55; good
to choice heavy, $6 35&0 (10; rough heavy. $6«2>
u 25; light. ?fi OOigO 10; bulk of sales, $5 95@
0 35. • ¦
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000: sheep heavy, c'rsed
wenk; lambs closed weak. Qocd to choice
wethnrs, ?4 80® 5: fair to choice mixed, j:' 75
(§4 50; Western sheep, fed, $4 25^5 10; native
Jambs, ¦ !?'J &0Q<J;r Western .lambs, ?l!@0.
ST. JOSKPIL
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. IS. — CATTLE — Re-
CPlptH, 250; steady. Natives, $3 5O@7; cows
and heifers. $1 25<§)5 25; veals, $2 50@6 25;
itockers and 'feeders, $2 25 i fr4 50.'
HOGS — Receipts, B600; steady. Light and
light mixed, $& 75(g« 40; mfdlum and heavy,
?o 25@6 55; pigs. $3 70@4 00.
• SHEEP— Receipts, 115; market steady.
1 1 1
Nezv York 'Metal Markcl.
. • ¦ ' 1.
NEW YORK, 'Jan.. 18.— While quoted rates
for lake copper were the same as named yes
terday. It was reported that tho largest sellers
were nearlng a price equivalent to 10*4 cents
for spot. The quoted rates are $11 12% for
lake, $11 for electrolytic and $10 75 for cast
ing.
Tin was qulot and about unchanged with
spot quoted at $28 62^@28 67%., .
. Lead was dull and unchanged at $4. Spelter
ruled steady at $4 35. .
Iron was Inactive here, .but about steady. .
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18. — The Imports of specie
this week were $27,02tJ gold and $55,869 silver.
Exports of. specie from this port to all coun
tries for this week were $793,020 silver and
$527,000 gold. v.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the port of New Tork, for this, week are
valued at $11,027,835. .r
New York Cotton Market. .
NEW YORK. Jan." 18.— The cotton market
opened steady with prices 4@7 points higher
and closed steady, net 2@7 points higher.
Portland's Business. \\
PORTLAND, Jan. 18. — Clearings, $322,063;
balances, $49,177. - : .
_ Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, • Jan. IS, —- Wheat steady.
Walla Walla, 03@64c; valley, 64q; bluestem,
05c. ¦ ." ¦-' ¦¦ • "" ...-¦-' ' ¦ ¦ ''¦•'/ . -, .
Cleared— British bark Castor for Queens
town with 117,738 bushels of wheat.
,. .WASHINGTON.
TACOMA/Jan. 18.— Wheat %c higher. ' Blue
stem, 64c; club. 63c. : •- ,• ¦
Foreign Markets.,
LONDON, Jan.. 18.— Consols, QiY a ;. silver,
25 0-l(id; • French '} rentes, • lOOf : 37%c. Wheat
cargoes -on 'passage, quiet and steady; \ English
country ¦ markets, steady. •--. ...
LIVERPOOL. 'Jan. . steady •
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Par U steady 1
French oeuntry markets.' steady; weather In
England, fin*, but cold. - \ ; .-. .-.-: " •.
COTrdN— Uplands, 4H4.' ,-¦ | V
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creams, 15@£H&c; dairies
14«r20c. Cheese, easy; 10@10%c. Eggs, weak;
-lc. • .1 . . • t .
Articles — . , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. , bbls.... .,..38,000 32,000
Wheat, bu v ....' ...40.000 . 55.000
Corn, bu ;.'...;..;.,. 80, 000 ""• ' 101.000
Oats. bu.. ...107.000 217,000
R>e. bu 5.000 5, OIK)
Barley, bu 7.5.000 32.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
Dull; winter patents $3 S0@4. straights $3 403
JJ 80, clear $2 5C@2 SO; spring specials |4 30.
patents $3 40@3 80, straights $¦'! 20@:{ 40: No.
'¦& spring wheat, 76c; No. 2 Ted, 84V4#S5%c;
No. 3 white oats. 47@47>£c: No. 2 rye, (5.1V" c:
fair to choice malting barley. (50@65c; No." 1
fiaxseed, $1 60; Xo. 1 Northwestern, $1 CO
prime timothy seed, $6 55; mess pork per bbl
$1« 70@16 75; lard, per 100( lbs. $9 45®1> 47Vi;
short ribs sides (loose), $8 40@8 55; dry saltad
shoulders (boxed), 7>i@7V4c; short clear sides
(boxed). $8 SJigS 05; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 IK;- clover, contract grade. $9 S0@
9 85. . ¦ - . . . . . ; -
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
•*-ere $25,333,440. against $22,062,415 during the
same week last year.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
ilall advices from New York 6ay: "A fair
degree of firmness Is noted throughout the en
tire list, but outside of scattering sales of the
principal articles there is no special move
ment to report. A somewhat better inquiry,
with resulting business, is noted in prunes for
forward delivery from the Coast on the t. o. b.
basis for both old and new. We hear of sales
to-<lay on the 3^0 four size basis for new Santa
Claras and Uc for old f. o. b. Coast to go to an
Interior market, and indications point toward a
resumption of buying interest. Spot prunes
are fairly steady, with scattering sales in a
small way around 6%c to €»ic for 40-50s Santa
Claras in 25-lb boxes. Sizes 70-80s are con
ceded to be in light supply and show some
firmness within the quoted range. Oregon
prunes are steady, with offerings from the
Coast around oVic f. o. b. on the four sizes.
In currants a moderate Interest is noted for
.-loaned in small lots ...within the quoted range.
Vncle&ned in barrels is steady, but practically
unchanged on the present basis. Some inquiry
is reported from interior markets, with buyers'
i'icas a shade under those of sellers here. Im
l»>rted Valencia raisins are more firmly held
on the si'Ot. with 7»»c the general quotation.
stocks ar* in small compass and firmly held.
V>"e note the arrival from Malaga of 2000 boxes
pf raisins. California raisins are quiet, but
show some firrnuess within the quoted range
on both loose and seeded. Choice seeded in
cartons are available around 7?4c. but some
holders ask up to 8c for small lots. Fancy
sre firm. In small lots there is a fair move
ment to near-by Interior points. Apricots are
steady and in moderate request. Peaches ar«
attracting a little more attention, with some
l>uying reported from the Coast in round lots.
In dates the market continues to show strength
l»ut there is no unusual movement to report at
t!ip- moment. Figs ere moving in small lots
6nd are held pretty firmly within the quoted
lar.jre."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX KRAXOISCO. Jan. 18, 1902 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
cate. as compared with those of the same dsite
last season and rainfalls in the last twenty
lour bours: i~i -
Lai=t Thjg Last
Stations — 24 hju's. S?ascn. Season.
Kureka. O.cs 15.70 30.1::
Red Bluff <•.<*; 10. M 13.37
Facramento 0.C<» «.:« lO.r.ft
Pan Francisco <>.0S <!.<£ Il.«i0
Fresno fl.O<» V t .-*7» 7 .02
Independence O.OO l.ns 5.<W
Pan Luis Obispo O.OO 4.5« 20.54
I^os Angeles O.00 2.-H5 7.!><i
San Diepo 0.00 0.77 2.15
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
Mi: minimum. 45: mean. 48
iem;ipraiure at < a. m.. 43 aegrees.
The following maximum and minimurn, tem.
peratures were reported from Eastern station?:
Boston 30-2S 'Omaha 52-22
Cincinnati ... 42-34 Duiuth 34-10
Philadelphia 32-24 Chicago 42-23
New York 28-20 Salt Lake City... 34-24
Kansas City 66-26 St. Louis 50-33
Jacksonville 56-34 Washington 34-22
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A disturbance of eome extent overlies North
ern California, and the long period of dry
weather appears to have been broken. Rain
has fallen over Central and Northern Califor
nia, while cloudy, threatening weather Is re
ported over the entire State. Light southeast
winds are reported off Cape Mendocino
There has been but little change In tem
perature over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 19, 1902'
Northern California — Showers Sunday- fresh
eouthea^t winds, high off shore.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday, probably rain; fresh south
east winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday, probably light snow
In northwestern portion; light easterly winds.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather, with showers; fresh southeast
winds.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
canta Barbara to Eureka
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
contested by supporting orders In the market by
insiders, or by inspired publications belittling
the Importance of these developments. These
efforts to contest a prevailing tendency were
apparently abandoned with the opening of the
week and depression and progressive neglect
have set in. The permission granted by the
Lnlted States Supreme Court on Monday to the
State of Minnesota to appear and argue its pe
tition for a hearing of its suit to prevent the
formation of the Northern Securities Company
clinched the likelihood that this great project is
to be subjected to litigation that probably will
be prolonged. The value of its securities and
the question of its existence are therefore to be
held In abeyance. The introduction of the se
curities to the market and the efforts for their
distribution have been much counted on by
speculators as a stimulating Influence In .the
whole market. Another chilling Influence on
speculation was the announcement of new
bond Issues by the Atchison and rumors of
other issues by the Erie and the Union Pacific.
The basis of these rumors is the announced in
tention of the two companfes to make vast out
lays for extensions. Improvements and better
ments. In the case of the Erie there stands the
declaration in the last annual report that "it
would seem the day is now approaching when
arrangements for new capital can be profit
1 ably made."
The proposed issue of $C5,000,C00 of additional
stock by the New York Central comes In the
same category of Influences. The granting of
rights, of subscription to stockholders at 125
operating as a valuable privilege at the pres
ent market price of the stock, has kept its quo
tations up. All through the recent period of rail
road prosperity much stress was laid upon the
large sums expended out of current net earnings
lor permanent betterments, fcr which additional
capital would ordinarily be looked to The
argument has been used that these expenditures
would forestall future requirements and make
possible a reduction of expenses in less pros
perous times and so make for the stabilitv of
future dividend rates. The issuance of "new
bonds and stocks opposes this contention, as it
puts new charges ahead of dividends or gives
new stock equal dividend privileges. The ex
isting car famine is also calculated to throw
doubt upon the sufficiency of recent outlay for
that purpose, on which such stress has been
ki"- T e a Psa rent spurt at this time of the
public demand for investment in securities adds
to the tffeot of these proposed lacee new oflfer
ings. So dc the developments in the affairs of
the trolley syndicate, the rubber trade and the
asrphalt trust. The theory tnat abundant capi
tal Is awaiting a favorable turn of affairs to
flow into Wall street's securities has to con
tend with the disclosures that enormous sums
have been ventured in these projects, whose se
curities have been almost unknown in the stock
market. It is an important question how far
this investment of large capital In great pro
jects ouulde of the stock market has pr-jceeiied
how ,ar banking resources have been committed
to these projects and hew tar difficulties of
realizing on them may develop, as they have
C i^ ne Vi £*** already disclosed. These con
siderations have caused an undertone of con
fervatlsrn and some uneasiness in the financial
world which the favorable reports of business
and trade have not entirely alleviated. The fu
' M"^. °? urse of railroad earnings is earnestly
; studied. Latest reports show satisfactory re"
turns, but reports are renewed of rate outtin~
in rplte of the complaints of lack of cars to
carry all the business offering. The easier
money conditions have railed to stimulate spec
ulation. The rush to retire banknote circula
tion is a symptom that ihe constant expan
f!a?ure f • c , ircuIali^- which was a
r.™ ?„ "iL laEt *•¦*¦• conditions. is
not to be repeated this year. Appli
cations are reported already on file in Wash
ington for the withdrawal of bonds and the
retirement of circulation up to the full legal
UEi 1 f (r °V hls fc month - for February and for a
E?£ °,L^ arch S uo^- A sa ln - money markets
?.fif me supplied with the
™ITJ, L %u* ai i' but are not ex P«t«« to re
main so. The issuance of a German and a
Prussian loan this week is to be supplemented
in the near fvfture by the new British loan
and by a large Russian loan at Paris. The
London money market is expected to reflect
the heavy payments for taxes for the quarter
from the middle of the month on wart Th-
SMlWSSe? 1 Cn ln 8t ° Ck6 affec^
v.. B » Ond » de » lers have complained that the in
iTSSf &-S3S &«? tTeVe'ar tnd^e
B P eX^U Ct tive tJ bo h n a d R , been £
United States refunding 2s declined 14 • per
cent below the closing call of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Atchison pfd 2,B( W s, S \J o.;.-/ n-V .
Baltimore & Ohio.. 0.2CK) 10+ io:; 4 ljwat
Ualto & Ohio pfd.. 200 90% BCtt E
Canadian Pacific... :joo 114% iu& nUi
Canada Southern... SOO S(jf)2 Sfi5 £1;
Chesapeake & Ohio * 800 47 U 4GK 4i;.Ti
cni^Att-pfd::: ..^ M * M
Si SS* S3? * s : 300 Si m
Chi & Eastern 111 ' ]•,?,./
Chi & Gt Western. 1.400 23% soii £>KT
Chi & Gt W A pfd. ..... . * '* %-,&
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 700 44U XV Vlt
Chi & North westrn 2..1O0 210 209 - ••fVti'
C R 1 & Pac 2.000.108 15BVI 150G
Chi Term & Tran. 600 18 11U. Y7
Chi Term & Tr pfd 900 33 »£ 32% S3
C C C & St Louis.. . * 051/
Colorado Southern. 1,300 15 I4»i jit?
Colo South let pfd 800 61% 6l£ iiiu
Colo South 2d pfd. l.TOO 29^ 29% 29
Delaware & Hudsn 400 175 ]"5 lTiV.
Del Lack & West.. COO 267% 267 263
Denver & Rio Grnd 4214
Den ftRGr pfd... J00 91% 91% ai f?
Erie 13.200 4li| 40$ 4o2
Erie l*t pfd 1,500 73 72 72«
Erie 2d pfd 1.300 5S% 67% 57ii
Gt Northern pfd - 3)<H^
Hocking Valley ... 1,100 09% 09^ «>
Hocking Val pfd sti
Illinois Central ... 500 i:»% 139U vmv,
Iowa Central 200 28*i 3.S',A r»iU,
Iowa Central pfd .' . 72 '.
Lake Erie & West. 300 69 «7Vi «7
L E & West pfd 120
Louis & Nashville. 1.700 105% 105%- 105V4
Manhattan Elevat. 3.500 137% 130% 136%
Met Street Ry 8,000 165 1(« 164 U
Mexican Central .. 2,600 27% 27«i 27%
Mexican National.. 2/4O0 lSyi 1SV + iau
Minn & St Louis... 100 IO6V4 lOfi'/l 1O«
Missouri Pacific... 3.400 102 100%/ 301
Missouri K & Tex. 300 25% 25 / 25
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 100 53 \U 53 M 53
New Jersey Central 100 190 100 18S
New York Central. 4.000 1(«% Ki2^ 16,'i
Norfolk &. West... 1,400 60% 56V4 56J4
Norf & West pfd . O0H
Ontario & Western 1,200 34% 34 Vi 34%
Pennsylvania 7,600 149% 148% UH%
Reading 53.000 67% 56% 56%
Reading 1st pfd... S.OOO 82% 82 82
Reading 2d pfd.. 3,200 64% «3% 6t
St L &. San Fran.. 2,000 64 " 62% 62%
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 86^ S6Vj 85%
St L & 9 F 2d pfd 2.SO0 77 7.1% 75%
St L fiouthwestern. 500 2S 27-;i 27 -
6t L Southwest pf J.100 «l% W OOli
t Paul 2,300 ' 1«4«4 • IKJ',4 IffJa
St Paul rfd ! ...; JS7V»
Southern Pacific... 4,900 PUTi Jit'Ti' fiOvs
Southern Ry 2,100 2.1% ::2% Xi
Southern Ry pfd.. 500 9".% m% U:l%
Texas. & Pacific... , 100 30H 391.4 3b*i
Tol St L & West.. 300 19% 19% 18%
Tol Bt L & W pfd ...\ .... 34??
Union Pacific 22.300 102U 101% 101
Union Pacific pfd. 2,000 89% 89' 88%
Wabash 1,700 23 22V4, 22%
M'abash pfd 1,200 42%' 41^ 41%
Wheel & L E 17%
W & L E 2d pfd... 400 2S% 28% 2S%
Wis Central 40(» 20% 19% 19V.
,WIh Central pfd... 800 40% 40Vi 40%
Express Companies —
Adams 1M
American ....' 214
TTnlted States 104
"Wells Fargo ...... .... 185
Miscellaneous—
Anial Copper ,.... 8,400 70% 701 7Q
Am Car'& Fdy.... 100 29% 29% 29
Am Car & F pfd.. 200 86% 86% 86U
Am Linseed Oil ......... 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..... 42
Am Smelt & Ref.. '400 46 45% 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd ' 96%
Anaconda Mng Co. • 400 30% 30% 30%
Brooklyn Rap Tr. . 5,100 66 64 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. ¦ 400 87% 87% 87
Consolidated Gas... 700 217U 216 216%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 700 117 116% 116
General Electric... 500 280 279 280
Glucose Sugar 2,500 47'/i 46% 46%
Hocking Coal .... .... .15
International Pap 19%
International P pfd 200 75% 75% 75
International Powr 87%
Laclede Gas ; .... 92
National Biscuit ..100 '44% 44% 44',i
National Lead .... 300 .15% 15% 35%
National "Salt , 30 .
National Salt pfd.. i 1O0 67 ,67 C5
North American . . J. . . . 88
Pacific Coast 71
Pacific Mall 2,000 48% 47% 47
People's Gas 2,100 101 99% »9%
•Pressed Steel Car.. ( 100 40% 40% 40
Pressed Steel C pfd .... 81%
Pullman Pal Car 219
Republic Steel 1,000 16% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 68% H8% 68%
Sugar 10,500 124% 122% 122%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 900 63% 62% 62%
Vnlon B & Pap Co. 13
I'nlon B & P C pfd . 72
U S Leather 400 11% 11% 11%
I; S Leather pfd... 200 81% 81 81%
t' S Rubber • ,. 1415
U S Rubber pfd 50'
US Steel 8,700 44% 42% 42%
IJ S Steel pfd 8, COO 05% Ui\i 04%
W estern Union .... 7,000 !»1% 91 90%
Am Locomotive.... 2,700 32% K2% 32'4
Am Loco pfd...... 200 U2% 92 91%
Shares sold 302,500
CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg.,108% L & N Uni 4s 101%
P° coup 108% Mex Cent 4s 82%
Do 3s reg 107% Do 1st inc 32%
Do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 103%
Do new 4s reg.i:59 M K & T 4s. .: .. 98
Do coup ia9% Do 2ds 83%
Do old 4s reg.. 111% N Y Cent lsts>...102%
Do coup lli^i Do gen 3%s ..109
Do Cs reg .106W, N J Cent gen 3s.l33Vi
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s 104%
Atch.gen 4s 103% Do os 79%
Do adjt 4s 93% Nor & W con 4s.lO2%
Balto & Ohio 4s.l(«Vi Read Gen 4s 98V4
Do 3%s 1)5% S L & I M con 5s.ll7%
Do Conv 4s ...10i%.St L & S F 4s... 9«%
Canada So 2ds ..lOSailS L S ¦ W lsts.. 90
Cent of Ga 5s...lOSU Do 2ds 79
Do 1st inc 70 S A & A P 4s... 88'i
C & O 4%s 100% So Pac 4s 93%
Chi & A 3%s .. 84% So Ry 5s 119%
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Tex & Pac lsts. 119V,
CM & S P g 4s.ll<H4 T St L & W 4s.. 82%
Chi & X con 7s.. 13914 U P 4s 104%
C R I & P 4s 105% Do conv 4s ...^100%
C C C & S L g 4S.104 Wabash lsts ¦*. . . .118V-
Chicago Term 4s. tffitt Do 2ds 114%
Colo & So 4s !»2 " Do deb B 6S*g
D & R G 4a 101%IWest Shore 4s ..112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 09>-i W & L E 4a 92V>
Do gen 4a jj'Jii Wls Cent 4s S8',i
Ft W & D C lsts.lOli Con Tob 4s CO
Hock Val 4%s...l07
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. •
Money— N E G & Coke.. 5
Call loans 4%@T. Mining-
Time loans 4 @5 Adventure 20
Bonds — Allouez 3%
Atchison 4s 102Vi Amalgamated .... 70
Gas lsts S.{ Baltic 35
Mex Cent 4s 82 Blngham 21
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Calumet & Hecla.BSO
Railroads — Centennial . . 12
Atchison 76V; Copper Range ... 5:{
Do prefd 97%, Dominion Coal . . 5(J%
Boston & Albany. 2«>i Franklin 11^.
Boston & Maine. 192 Isle Royale 20%
Boston El ltitr Mohawk 29
Fitchburg pfd ..144 Old Dominion .. 2".k".
Union Pacific 101U Osceola 80
Mex Cent 27% Parrot 79
Miscellaneous — Quincy IX',
Amer Sugar 1229& Tamarack 251
Amer Tel & Tel. 159% Trlmountaln 54%
Dominion I & S. 25 Trinity 14%
Gen Electric 279 United States ]:!»¦'.
Mass Elw 34Vi Utah 23
Do prefd 02 Victoria . 4%
' V S Steel 42% Winona 1
Do prefd 1)4^ Wolverine 45W.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
i Consols, money... C4Vs Money ...'..2 per cent
Do. account.. 94 3-lti Xew York Cent. .167%
Anaconda 6% (Norfolk & West. 58
Atchison 78% Do prefd.." .94
Do prefd 100 Vj N Pacific prefd.. 102
Baltimore & O..K)i; Ontario & West.. 35%
Canadian Pacific. -IIS ! Pennsylvania .... 7«V-
Chesa * Ohio 117"'. ' Reading LM) "
Chic Gt Westarn. 2:!%! Do 1st prefd.... 42
Chic M. & Pt P.-liiS^I Do 8d prefd.... 32M
Denver & R G... -W, /.'onthern Railway. .TSTC,
Do prefd ....... 7 \ 1 Dn prefd 75 ',-
Krie -tl"i Southern Pacific.. «1
Do 1st pre.'d 7-t=S.jUn"on Pacific 1O4V-
Do 2d prefd M" t l Do prefd 01
Illinois Central... 112V. U S Steel 4iVi
I^uis &. Xashvil.l<!7v Do prefd 07%
M K & T 26 Wabash 23%
Do prefd 5."{ j Do prefd ....... V\Vi
Bar Silver, staady Spanish 4s *7=C
;..25 i>-10l
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. 6
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 10
Alice 4^> Ontario 7 7."
Brfece 70 Ophir; *>o
Brunswick Con .. O'S Phoenix 0."
Comstock Tunnel.. 3V-j Po'.osi IS
Con Cal & Va....l 40 Savage O
Dead wood Terra.. n<i Sierra Nevada .... 1'
Horn Silver 1 80 Small Hopes 31?
Iron Silver W Standard ;i 45
Leadville Con ... 05.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18. — The statement of the
associated banks for the week endlni to-day
says :
• Loans. $SG7.529.100; increase, $3,202,300.
Deposits. S9S:j.722,200: increase, 811,739.000:
Circulation. $31.995,»S00; decrease. $18,100.
Legal tenders. $76,570,700; increase, $95,:JCp
.Specie. $177,Kio,:»0O; increase, !jiS.lH2,0U0.
Reserves. $25V;42,OtiO; increase, $!t.u:!7,!M)0.
Reserve required, $234,W>U,u50; increase, t'2,
9:i-»,900. t
Surplus, $19,0til,450; Increase, $6,103,000.
The Financier says; The statement of the
New York Associated Banks for this week
showed a gain of $9,037,900 In cash, of which
$S,942,t;w consisted of specie and only $O5,!5O:>
of legal tenders. The increase in cash shown
by the statement Is, It will be observed, moiv
nearly in accordance with tne estimate of a
gain fcr the week of $7,011(5,500, which estimate
was based on the traceable movements of
mency during the week, than has recently been
the case. The gain reported in the official rc
lurn last week makes the total Increase of
i&feh since the beginning of the year W8,13-V
2l<». whereas the estimated gains far this
period were $25, 530, 000. Presumably the condi
tion of the banks at the close of th* bank
week was really much better, as .regards cash
reserves, than was shown by the statement,
there having been important payments by the
sub-treasury for unmatured bonds and also on
account 'of the redemption of Hawaiian securi
ties at the end of the bank we»k. The loans
were increased by $;J,2O2,300,' Indicating only a
moderate demand from borrowers during the
week, probably the result of the professional
character of the speculation on the Stock Ex
change. Deposits were increased $ll,7;W,600.
and In this respect the statement may be said
very nearly to "prove" — the total of the gain
in loans and of cash being $12,330,200, or $600,-
C00 more than the Increase in deposits. The
surplus reserve was augmented by $6,103,000
to $19,061,450, against $30,799,450 at the cor
responding date In 1901, when the surplus was
at the highest point of the year.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram eays:
Thn stock market was quiet and cheerful' to
day, with South Africans advancing and Con
sols hardening on a revival of peace rumors.
American stocks mrrely reflected New York's
tone. Amsterdam sold a few hundred shares
Copper stocks wcrp firm* on the strength of
Amalgamated, but a fresh cut In the metal
is expected in America. - v.
The German Bank has reduced the discount
rate from 4 to 3% per cent, obviously to fa
cilitate the German-Prussian loans. This ren
ders a reduction by the Bank of Kngland rate
more probable,
CLOSING. •
LONDON. Jan. 18.— Hops. Pacific Coast
steady, £3 5s@£.'( 15s.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan, 18.— To-day's utate
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of I the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of. redemption, showy;
Available cash balances, - $171,227,014; gold'
$98,C0L702. .'¦¦ * '
CHICAGO, Jan. - 18.— At the outset wheat
had a comparatively small buslnepe, but
showed a decided improvement In tone under
the Influence of Improved spot ' and future
cables and dry weather damage reports. A
good deal of short covering was Induced by the
rapidly rising bullish sentiment and business
grew brisk. May opened ',4c to H@%c higher
at 80%c to 80%@80%c and' steadily ad
vanced. There were : reports of light rains in
the Southwest, but not sufficient to help the
suffering country. Kansas City reported one
fourth of th'e winter crop ruined. The South
western western . markets ! reflected this con
dition, especially St. Louis, where May was
selling at 88%c when it brought only 81c here.
Reports were current of renewed foreign de
mand for spring wheat and confirmation of
sales of that hitherto neglected variety came
from Buffalo, Some professional bulling { at
length set In and on the prediction of* freezing
temperatures In the winter wheat country St.
Louis houses began to buy. . May wheat
closed strong, *4@%c higher, at 81c.
Corn ruled firm and advanced steadily on
covering by shorts. Cables were Improved and
helped the bullish situation. May corn ad
vanced to a strong close, l@li.Jc higher, at
G4%@G4:£c.
Oats had a strong market and ruled higher
throughout the session. May closed strong,
l'ic advanced, at 46%c.
Provisions wers rather dull, but ruled firm
on light offerings and the grain strength. The
close was firm; May pork 7%cup; lard 2%c
higher and ribs 5@7Vic advanced. .
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Chicago Gi'ain Market
Exchange and Bullion. .
¦-: New ".York • and Sterling Exchange are both
higher.' Silver Is unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. ... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables ..' — " 4 89
New York Exchange, sight..... ":•¦ — - 12%
New. York Exchange, telegraphic : — > 15
Sliver, per ounce.. — • .65%
Mexican Dollars ................ 44% © 45
• Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm and
Liverpool futures were higher. l
The Argentine Government's estimate for the
wheat' crop is 73,000,000 bushels, which gives
an exportable surplus of over 30,000,000 bush
els,': instead of the 16,000,000- bushels, . lately
spoken of in England and America. . /'
Chicago was firmer, advancing from 80%c
to 81c. There were increasing, reports of crop
damage. There was good country and commis
sion . house buying, but the local crowd fought
the advance.' * •
The San Francisco market remained about
the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08% ; milling,' $1 10
@1 12'/j per ctl.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ¦' Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 6000
ctls, $108%; 8000, $109; 8000. $108%; 14.000.
$1 09%.
Second Session — May— 12,000 ctls, $1 09U-
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls,
$1 09 J,4: 2000. $109%; 22.C00, $109%. \
BARLEY — Futures were unsettled and irreg
ular on call, but spot quotations showed no
change.' The market was quiet. I Feed, 83%@
85c for choice bright, 81Vi@82Vic for No. 1 and
80c for off grades; brewing and shipping grades,
87%@90c; Chevalier, 85c@$l per ctl.
Feed, 83%@85c'for choice bright, 81%@82%c
for No. , 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87>£@9Oc; Chevalier, 85c@|l
per ctl. •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May— 2000
ctls, 81c: 2000,_80%c.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, 80%c; 8000,
80%C- - - - • r-
I Regular Morning Session — May — 8000 ctls,
S2V4c: 20C0, 82%c. ' ' .
OATS— According to reports on 'Change yes
terday- morning the Government " contracts for
4000 tons, with the option of 20C0 tons addi
tional, have gone a-glimmering,- as far as this
market is concerned, as the Government has
rejected all bids. - It Is hoped, however, and be
lieved by some, that fresh bids will be Invited.
This .news did not weaken . the market, and
prices remained firm, though but little business
was done.-
Grays. $1 20@l 27%; whites,' $1 20@l 40;
Surprise.' $1 40@l 42%: black. $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 2001 30 for seed; red. $1 25® 1 35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%@1 40 for eeed.
CORN — Chicago was firm and advanced lc.
Receipts were light' and the shorts nervous in
all markets. Liverpool advices to Chicago ex
porters, however, reported corn almost unsal
able at Liverpool. .
The San Francisco market continued, dull and
unchanged. »•
Large yellow, $1 45: small round do. $1 50®
1 55: white, $1 35@1 45 per ctl.
RYE — Continues firm at 85®87%c per ctl. i
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
¦-¦¦ :¦-''. . ¦ 1
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and $3@
» 25 tor Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3^
" irtlLLSTUFFS— Prices in sack* are as fol
lows, usual . discount to the trade: -Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groar#, $5; Hominy,
¥4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $a 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole .Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@S35;
In sacks, $6. r >0@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay was between two fires yesterday morn-
Ing. Indications of rain rendered both buyers
and sellers very cautious, for it was realized
that if it rained the market on Monday would
probably decline, while if it did not it would
advance. Under these conditions but little was
done, and prices remained without change
There was nothing new In Feedstuffs
BRAN — 51» 50(619 50 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 00 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $1S@18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing. $2ft5Rtf-2U: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn
Meal. $31@31 CO: Cracked Corn. $31 50@32:
Mixed Feed. $10 E0@17 50.
HAY — Wheat. $9@12: fancy. $12 GO@13:
Wheat and Oat. $0®12 50: Oat. $8 50@H 50;
Barley and Oat. $S@10: Alfalfa, $S@10; Clover.
*<! r,C@7 50; Volunteer, $6@8 50; Stock. $6®
7 P0 per ton.
STRAW— 3C@47%c per hale.
Beans and Seeds.
Ml descriptions under this head are quiet and
unchanged. ' . - ¦
BEANS — Bayos, $2 50@2 60; Small White.
$3@3 25; Large White. $2 90@3 10; Pea. $3 50@
4: Pink. $S®2 20;'Red. $2r.0«(3; Blackeye. $3 50
:< G5; Llmas. $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys, $3 £0"«J
3 75 cer ct!.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 85ff3; Yellow
Mustard, $:t 25a:i 50; Flax, ?2 40@2 75: Canary.
HH031&4: for' Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah.
S'i-c: Hape. U;ifirl*ic: Hemp, 3V<e per lb.
DRIICn PEAS — N'lles. $1 25@1 C5: Green.
$1 25<ffl 00 oer ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of potatoes were lighter. Prices
stood without change. ' There was nothing new
in Onions.
The market was overstocked with Green
Peas*, but sound Tomatoes and Summer Squash
were scarce and in good demand for the Ore
gon steamer.
POTATOES— 9Ccff/Sl 23 for Burbanks from
(hu river: tSallnus Hurbanks. $1 25®1 US; Ore
ton Burhanko. $1 2.">(h-l U5: Oregon- Garnet
Chiles. $1 40@l r»0; River Reds. $1 50@l 60;
Karly Rose, lor seed, $1 25; Sweets, $1 10 for
Merced. • .
ONIONS— Oregons. $1 75@2; Green Onions,
oWTKfic per box. : .
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. 2<g>4c; String Beans from Los Angeles.
10@15c; Cabbage, 40&50c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 iVjfl 75 per box and $2
per crate: Drlfd Peppers. 10@12%c per lb;
Los Angeles do. IGlglSc; Dried OKra. 12%©
I5c per lb: Carrot*. ."fiffl"50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, COc@$t 2r> per dozen: Garlic, Hi©
2'ic: L<-'M Angelas Green Peppers, 20@25c: Ktzg
Hiant mini JAis Angeles, l.Va'/Oc: Summer
Squash from Los Ansrdes, $1 25®1 50: Marrow
lat Squash, $S«jlO per ton: Hubbard Squash, $S
{flu; .Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern was received, and will be
put on to-morrow. Another car falls due to
morrow. Receipts of local Poultry were free
for Saturday, and all descriptions were dull,
with considerable lett unsold. '
Receipts of dressed Turkeys were 2G cases,
which went off well, the market being in good
shape.
Receipts of Game were 110 sacks and the
market was dull. ¦'
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14®15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60©2: Goslings,
$2@2 25; Ducks, $5@U for old and" $607 for
young; ' Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $4 50®
5 50; old Roosters, $4©4 60; Fryers, $4@4 50:
Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and $3 50©4 for
small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $2 2ft@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare. $1 25«c#
1 CO; 'Rabbits,- $1 50 for Cottontails and $1' for
Brush; Mallard, $.'t(g). - ; 50; Canvasback, $:ifflt-
Sprig, $2fc2 50; Teal, I $t 2T)@1 r>0; Widgeon,
$1 2^@1 GO: Small Ducks, ?1 25; Black Jack.
51 Ro; English Snipe, *2 f>O; Jack Snipe, Ji 50:
Oray Geese, ?3: White GesMe, fl 50: Brant
<fl oU@2 per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, 'Cheese, and Eggs.'
There was no further decline of Importance
iniEggs, but the week closed-with large lines
carried over.--; Almost every dealer on the
street had more; than he knew what to do
with and the ' : feeling was very weak.
• ', Fine 'creamery "Butter; continued firm and
brought the top quotation when sold in small
lots, • but . the-Oower grades continued to drag.
Stocks were still ¦ more or less light and some
dealers were practically, cleaned up.
¦ There was no change In Cheese.
¦ Receipts were 18,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 654 cases of Eggs,
, — r- cases "of Eastern Eggs, 1400 pounds of
California " Chesse, 1360 pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese. • 3
Butter — Creamery, 25@27c per lb for
fancy,' 24c for firsts and 22@23c for seconds;
dairy, 17%@22c;i store Butter, ¦¦ 14®17c per 1b;
Creamery Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll, 18@10c; Keg,
lti@18c per lb. ' • .-¦ - V _
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; % old. 10©10%c;
Young. America, 12%@13e; -Eastern. 13@15c
per-lb. .'-.'• >*¦ " • ., ¦-.'¦ -\_
¦ EGGS— Ranch • 22@22iic for selected large
and 20@21c for good to choke; - store, 20&'21c
per dojen; cold storage, Eastern. : I8@19o.
. Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. .
From four to six cars of Oranges are an
nounced for the auction to-morrow.: The mar
ket , is l lower ¦ and weak . at the decline, with
sales Blow. -All- sizes: are ; plentiful,- and t as
much of the fruit, is frost bitten ; the i retailers
are not buying very freely/.
-Lemons and: Grape -.Fruit are. stiir weak.
Limes stand as before. -¦ ¦¦-. -.. ;i -¦-¦
... •. . DECIDUOUS "FRUITS.'
1 APPLES— $1 60® 1 70 per box for extra, 75c
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ;^.;
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s. ..lot 103 .
Bay CPC 5s.lOS%109% Ombus C Cs.lSO^i —
Cal-st 6s... .116% — PacGIm4a.9« 100^1
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 63.. 105 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6a t 117 120 1
Fer&C H 68.120 — Pwl-st R 6S.119U — '¦
Geary-st 5s. 119^119% Sao EGR 5s. 95% — , i
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJVS0.122& — '
Do Ss 99 99% Sierra Cal 6a — — i
X, Ang R 59.1193& — S P of At 6s
LA Light 6s. — — fl909) ....Ultf — !
Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) ....U22lld •
Do gtd 5s.l03%104 S P of Cal 6s ¦ J
L A & P Ss.lOO — <1905)Sr A.108H -•
Do lem 53.101 103 (19C5lSr B.103U109SO
Mkt-st C 6s.l23«125T4 <1906) ....111 — ,
Do lcm 53.121^122 (1912) .... — 121 ¦
N R Cal es.lOoiv— S P Cal 1st j
Do 5s 121% — 0 gntd Ca.110 -,
N Pac C 5s. 106*4 — S P BrCal6s.l36U — ;
N Cal R Bs. 112%11S% 8 V Wat 6sJU3 — !
Oak Gas Cs. 114. — Do 4s — 103 !
Oak Trn 6s. 121% — Do 4s Sdm.101% — I
Do 1st c5s.l09%110tt Stka Gas es.102% — 1
Oak W e 5s. — 102% J
WATER 6TOCKS. J
Contra Costa 73 75 I Port Costa.. C3U 68 '
Marin Co ... 69 — I Spring Val.. S4& —
GAS AND ELECTRIC-
Cant L&P. 2% 2% Pao Light... — 52 *«
Eqt G L Co. — »£ Sao E G&RC 20 35
Mutual — 6 S P G &E.. 41H 42
O G L & H. 51 81% San Fran.... 6X — I
Pac Gas Imp S5 89 Stkta G & K 8 «-. I
INSUHANCB. . t
Flrem's Fnd.245 275 / ~""W1
BANKS. I
Anglo-C&I .. 80 82 LPfi'JL,,.lJ5 «,
California ..416 — Mer Ex (lin) 13« —
Cal Safe Dp.ll2V4 — S F Natlonl.137% -•
First Natnl.. 325 350 I j
SAVINGS BANKS. |
German' ...1925 2000 Sav & Loan. — • M !
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav305 850 ;
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trust. — 2175 '
S F Sav U..512% —X ;
STREET RABLROADS.
California .. — 170 Market ..... SI 93V
Geary — 60 Presidio .... 87% — •
POWDER.
Giant .".80 81%! Vlgorlt .«-,-< i]
SUGAR. 1
Hana 2% 4 Kllauea 6% —
Hawaiian ..84 40 MakaweU .~ 23 26t£
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onoznea. .... 23 23)4
Hutchlnson . 13% 14% Paauhau ... 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS. '
Alask Pack. 160 170 Pac A F A.. 254 —
Cal Fruit As 97 Pac C Bor.,165 —
Cal Wine As 95% — Par Paint... 15 — ¦
Oceanic S Co 38 42%
Morning Session. > -.J
Board — "»
15 Giant Powder Con, s 80 79 23 .
6 Giant Powder Con..: 79 50
5 Giant Powder Con, s 00 79 50
5 Giant Powder Con 80 00
5 Giant Powder Con, s 90......... 80 25
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 CO
10 Makaweli 29 12%i
$1000 Market Street R R con 63 121 75
$2000 N P C R R 5s 106 25
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 122 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 23 25
10 Spring Valley Water....... 85 00
$1000 OakJamTTranslt Co Cs 110 23 : .
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAN'GEk
Morning Session.
Board—
2000 Petroleum Center 03
6000 Petroleum Center, b 90 08
1000 Petroleum Center, s 90 05
400 Lion 08
50 Sterling, b 90 1 20
50 Sterling 11213
! 900 Home 3 63
100 Home, b 90 3 73
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ,
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belchr 12 500 Gould & Cury 07
100 Caledonia .... 27 100 Mexican S3
100 Chollar 14]170O Potosl 17
COO Confidence ... 66 ' 100 Sierra Nevada 23
The following were the sales on tho Paclfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning; Session.
1000 Andes .\ Olf 500 Ophlr Fff
1500 Best & Belchr 1211630 Ophir «4
150 Caledonia .... 20 200 Ophir 83
900 Chollar 14 400 Potosi 17
700 Con C & V.I 42^ 900 Potosi IB
500 Confidence ... 68 200 Sierra Nev... 23
300 Hale & Nor.. 38 70O Sierra Nev... 21
200 Mexican 33 300 Sierra Nev... 20
500 Mexican 32 400 Silver Hill... 43
200 Occidental .... 00 300 Union Con.... H
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1
SATTJRDAT. Jan. 18 13 tb. '
Bld.Aslt. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 01 Justice 05 OS
Aha 05 07 Kentuck ..... 01 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash. . 01 —
Belcher 00 11 Mexican 81 S3
: Best & Belch 11 12 Occidental ... 01 M
Bullion 02 o:t Ophir .... 81 t£S
Caledonia ... 2tt 23 Overman .... 11 12
Challenge Con. 12 13 Potosi 17 13
Chollar 14 15 Savage 07 <>H
Confidence ... 65 66 Scorpion ..... — 04
Con Cal & Va.1 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev ..20 21
don Now Trk 01 — Sliver Hill .. 41 44 •
Crown Point. 08 09 St Louis ..... 03. —
Eureka Con.. SO — Standard ....8 40 3 50
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... 08 07
Gould & Curry 07 OS Union Con ... 14 IS
Hale & Nor.. 88 40 Utah 05 07
Julia 03 OS Yellow Jacket 03 03
Weekly bank clearings show the usual gain over last year.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.- ; .
AVrc York and Sterling Exchange higher. Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures unsettled.
Government turns down local bids for Oats.
Corn zveak at Chicago and firm here.
Rye rules firm at unchanged quotations.
Hay market very sensitive and dependent on the weather.
Bran and Middlings steady and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still inactive.
Potatoes and Onions as before quoted.
Butter firm, Cheese weak and Eggs in oversupply.
Poultry dull and easy. Game weak.
Oranges lower and coming in frost-bitten. jl
Dried Fruits still firm. Raisins still in a muddle.
Provisions slightly higher at Chicago and dull here.
All Meats in ample supply and rather weak.
Another advance in Lutol Oil. j :
General decline in Codfish. 1
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
O$l 25 for good to choice aad 25S60o for or
dinary. -
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c<$|2 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c#$l 25
for standards. . $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy; Seedlings, 80@75o;. Tangerines,
$1@2; Lemons. 50c@$l for common and Jlff2
for good to choice and $2 25® 2 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, fl@2; Mexican Limes, $5®5 50;
Bananas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Or
leans and *1@1 It for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
. ¦- • x ¦ . ... v
The market B^nains as before quoted and
the feeling la nrm. The Raisin muddls _has
not yet been. cleared up.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7©8%c for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7%©8%c; sun-dried. WH^c;
Peaches, 5®7%c; Pears. 4%©8V4c; Pluma,
pitted, 4@5%c; unpitted, l®2c; Nectarines. b<&
6%c for red and 6%@6%o for white; Figs. 4o
for black and 60@75c per box for white.
, PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 6@6%c; 40-oCs. 4%©5Kc; 50-6CS. 4%
@4%c; 60-70*0. 3»i®4Vic; 70-80*8. 3U<33%c;
80-90-s, 2%©3%c; 90-100 # s. 2tf©2%c per 1b.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial. *3; Dehesa, $2 60; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown.
SI 35; two-crown. |1 25. Price per 1b: Stand
ard loos* Muscatels— Four-crown, Cfcc; three
crown, 5%c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 6c: Seedless Sultanas. 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c. Bleached Sultanas — Fancy,
SUc; choice. 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c;
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
—Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, ite;
standard. 7%c; prime, 6%c Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice seeded. 6%c; do. In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
cholce, 6V4c Per 1°.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 11 ©12c: Walnuts, No. 1
eoftshell, 9%c; No. 2. 8®8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c: Almonds. 10% ©12c for paper
shell, OSlOc for softshell and 6©7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11©1Sc:
Cocoanuts. $3 5035.
HONET — Comb, 12013c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted, 490c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was rather higher on the day, but
without especial feature. This market contin
ued dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per 1b for
heavy, 12% c for light medium. 13% o for light,
1414c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11@11 60; Family, $120
12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
$22 60@23; Mess, $18 50<@19; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb tor
compound and ll%e for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c: 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 1294c;
3-lb tins, 12 %c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half -barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Heps.
HIDES AND SEINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'/ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 914c for heavy and 9c for .light;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 18@18%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c
each: short Wool. 40@6Oc each; medium, 65@
75c; long Wool. 60c@?l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 755J3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75@2 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
' smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
i TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5% ©6c per lb:
No. 2, 4^@5c; grease. 2#.@3c.
WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. 6@Sc; San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County, 8@10c
ptr lb; Valley Oregon, spring* 15@15&c; do,
fall. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quo:e 10@15c
for shipment. f . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous, price* rule. All descriptions are
1.1 ample supply and more or less 'weak.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ire as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
¦ VEAL— Laree. 7©Sc; small. 8@9%c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8®8!£c; Ewes. 7%S8c
per lb. >
T.AMB— »S0%c per lb.
• PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c:
under 150 lbs, 5V£@5?4c: sows, 20 per cent
oft; boars. 30 per cent off, and stags, 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7®8%c ...
•C ¦ General Merchandise.
CHAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; Io.
cat matte. 1,4c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32ec:'-5c: Fleece Twine. 7%®8c.
COAL, — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $!»: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. *« 50:
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50: Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and
$15 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bul^ and $17 in
packs: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 ¦»> per
2OOO lbs and $3 00 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Lucol Is higher. California Castor Oil.
in cases. No. 1, 70c pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil,
in barrels, boiled, 74c; raw, 72c, cases, 5c
more: Lucol. 64c for boiled and 62c for raw,
in barrels: J-ard Oil. extra winter strained,
barrels. fHie; cases. 95c: China Nut, 57Vi£68c
per gallon: pure Neatsfoot. in barrels, 70c;
case?, 75c; Sperm, pure. «ftc; "Whale Oil. nat
ural white, 4O'gr>Oc per gallon; Fish Oil, bar
rels, 37i&e: cases. 42VJc: Cocoanut Oil, bar
rels, •".•' ',ic for Ceylon and 5S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13Hc: Pearl Oil. in cases. 2Oc: Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c: Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorised stove Gasoline. In bullc. 15c: in
cases, 21 J 4c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases,
20l£c: S6-deKree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; la
cases, ?6%c.
TURPENTINE— 61 %c per gallon In cases
and 5514c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.05c:
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Drj
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners* A. * 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C. 4.20c: D. 4.10c; barrels. 10«
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
CO-lb bags. '10c more. No orders taken for less
than 7S barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 6.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices have been
marked down from '4c to lc per lb. us follows:
Bundles, per lb. 3c: cases. Regular, 3^c;
cases. Extra. Large. 3%c; cases. Kastern Style,
Sftc: Boneless, 4tyc; "Norway." ¦*¦%<?; "Nar
row Gauge." «V»c: "Silver King," «'ic;
Blocks. "Orientals," 5Un; Blocks, •¦Sea
bright," 5*4c; Tablets. 6'4c; Middles. 6H®
~\?c: 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 8c: 2-1b
box's. Fancy Boneless, 7®8c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrel?, each, $7;
Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each, $4.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY IS.
Flour, qr sks..\ 33,520 Brandy, gals ... 3.S0O
Barley, ctls .... 0.535 Wine, gals Sj.1'00
Oats, ctls "40 Hides, No 177
Corn, ctls 290 Pelts, bdls 130
Beans, eks 514 Lime, bbls 182
Potatoes, sks .. 3,102 Sugar, ctls ..... 1,417
Onions, sks .... 11 Tallow, ctls .... 207
Bran, sks 70 Silver, flsks ... SO
Hay. tons 623 Leather, rolls .. S2
Straw, ¦ tons . .'. 39 Raisins, bxs . . . 1,850
Feed, sks 500
OREGON.
Oats, ctls . 1,326 Potatoes, sks .. 363
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 17,510) Flaxseed, sks... 4.037
Bran, sks 3.4051 Corn Meal, aks. 2.(Kjtf
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
strength In coaree grains sentiment was. af
fected by higher cables and unfavorable South
western weather. : Closed very firm at %c net
advance. March closed at 86%c; May. 85 7-16
<g86 3-16c, closed at 86%c; July, 85%@85%c.
closedat 85%c.,' '. ."¦'" •..' .-.. •" . : . , a
HOPS — Quiet; State/ common to choice, 1901
crop, ll@15Hc; Pacific Coast, - 1901 crop, 11®
15c. ¦'¦ ¦ ¦¦: . ¦"..-: :••' ' .-.¦¦-¦. ,,;
HIDESv steaa y: California. 21 to 25 lbs,
10HC ' • -
WOOL — Dull; domestic fleece, 25&2QQ-. Texas.
16@17c. .: '¦
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures
closed quiet, net 5 points lower; total sales,
13,250 bags, 'including .February, $6; March,
$C 10; May. $6 30; June, $6 35; July S6 45®
6 65.- • ' • • .' ¦ ¦ % •..'•¦
SUGAR — Raw, weak;, fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined was steady;' No. 6, 4.10c; No. 7 4.00c;
No. 8. 3.90c; No. 9, 3.85c; No. 10 3.80c- No
11, 3.75c; No. 12. 3.70c; Na 13. 3.65c; No.
14. 3.C5c; standard A, 4.55c; confectioners' A,
4.55c; mold A, 5c; cut loaf, 5.15c; crushed,
5.15c; powdered, 4.75c; granulated, 4.65c;
cubes. 4:90c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Steadiness continued a feature of the market
for dried fruits, though business was less ac
tive than In the past few days. Evaporated
apples commanded outside prices at the close
State, common to good. 7@8?£c>-nrlme 9&@
9%c : choice, !)&@l0c:. fancy. 10V4@Uc. CaA
lfornla dried fruita were steady, but com
paratively quiet. Prunes, 3S4<S7e. Apricots
Royal. 10«514c; Moorpark. tHiiffiifip. Peaches
Peeled, lC@20c; unpeeled, 7^4@12Mic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
35
There was the usual light Saturday business
on the Bond Exchange, with higher prices for
Giant Powder at $79 25@S0 20. This stock has
shown some fluctuation of late. It la said that
a recent change In the presidency of the Vigorlt
l'owdor Company led to some projects to es
tablish a new powder company to compete with
the present plants, which Impelled home bro
kers to sell down (Slant Powder, which ex
plains the recent decline. The new company
has not been formed, however, and as there is
less prospect for it now than a fortnight ago.
Giant has recovered tone and la regaining the
lost ground. The company is reported in first
class condition.- . -
In" regard to the rumors of th« purcRasc of
the Californla-st Railroad by the Baltimore ayn
dtdate. which have presumably caused the rl3e
In this company's stock, but little la known
of the rumored purchase, and the brokers are
disinclined to credit It. The fine. showing of
the line la said to be the real cau«e of the
advance. Brokers say that it can double its
present capital stock, and still pay the divi
dends it Is now paying every month. In fact,
the company- has - so much earned cash at Its
disposal that it has-been for some time In
vesting some : of Its surplus in buying its
own bonds as an Interest proposition.
The oil stocks continue quiet and unchanged
' Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
37, 703 • shares, valued at $23,187, the leading
sales being as follows: Apollo, 10OO shares "
California Standard. 1000; Home, 3.T41O; Inde
pendence, 2000; Petroleum Center, 18,500; Reed,
1887; Oil City. 2400; Lion. 3125; Monarch, 1100
At a recent Glasgow meeting of the
British Association for the advancement
of Science Vaughan Cornish read a paper
on the size of waves at sea. He said that
the height of the ocean waves in deep
water far from land had been determined
with fairly concordant results by a num
ber of independent observers. Ho gave
the following table as the average of tho
heights of a number of successive waves:
Hurricane. 2S.54 feet; strong gale. 2O.R»
feet; gale. 13.12 feet; strong breeze, 10.83
feet. These values are only about onr
half of the forty or fifty feet which expe
rienced seamen frequently state to be the
size pf the waves met with In strong
gales. The author explained this by th>?
(act that waves of a larger size probably
recur at short intervals, and that it ts
these which rivet the »tt»«n«xn «ru* -r«
danpproua. rr— *-rr*Hr* ifwifllllH "SfffflmTTgnTBaJ
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 — •
January .... 77%
May S0% 8ltJ 80% 81
July 60% SOTi 80y A • 80%
Corn,' No. 2—
January ;. .... 01%
May :. MM 64% »;4Vi «4%
July U3»i «4»; *x% 64%
Oats, No. 2 — '
May 45 % 46'i 45««i 46%
July -tOty 40% 40^ 40%
September :«% 3;JTj, 33'^ 33%
Mess Dork. Der bb! —
January .' «¦-< . . .' 16 67 '.4
May 17 07Vi 1" 17»A 1" 05. 17 15
July 1I!OO 17 10 16 90 17 10
Lard, .Der ICO lbs — |
January » 45 9 4715 8 45 9 47»A
May 0 77^ 9 77^ 9 72^ 9 75
July 9 80 9 85 9 80* 9 82»i
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 8 42% 8 4714 8 4214 8 47^4
May 8 67^ 8 72 1,4 8 67% 8 72%
A.T1O
the <:<
ts
»
DNS. 3
OAST HRCORO.
: c : 5 ?•»
: 3 . 3 : 3
/» - -
torta ..
Jier ....
rson ...
ireka . .
esno ...
agstaff
catella,
lependei
s Ang-eli
oenix .
rtland .
d Bluff
¦eeburg
cratnent
It Lake
n Pranc
n U Ol
n Diegrc
attle . .
ok&ne .
¦ah Bay
alia Wa
Innemuc
ima
I
>n<
!es
to
eb
¦bi
o.
tX
cc
30.26
23. 9S
....23.76
....29.84
29.84
23.98
Ida.30.02
ice 23. S2
!S...23.i»0
l».l>0
29.88
29.88
29.76
o ..29.80
30.00
LSCO.29.86
lisp. 29. 90
29. S4
29.90
29.9S
29. S6
Ha. .29.ns
ca. .29.SS
29. 8S
44
34
42
64
56
46
38
4S
€8
«4
42
4S
4«
48
36
52
f.-S
64
46
36
42
32
36
I'll
38
26
18
46
34
14
22
44
'M
42
42
40
42
*24
44
40
46
30
38
30
33
40
KB
SE
E
SE
SVT
sw
SE
SE
SE
NW
E
NW
W
E
NW
E
SE
SW
N
N
K
SW
NE
Cloudy .90
Snow .01
Cloudy .00
Pt adr .08
Ooudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .10
Cloudy .07
Cloudy .10
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Rain .08
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Kain T.
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .os
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 — •
January .... 77%
May S0% 8ltJ 80% 81
July 60% SOTi 80y A • 80%
Corn,' No. 2—
January ;. .... 01%
May :. MM 64% »;4Vi «4%
July U3»i «4»; *x% 64%
Oats, No. 2 — '
May 45 % 46'i 45««i 46%
July -tOty 40% 40^ 40%
September :«% 3;JTj, 33'^ 33%
Mess Dork. Der bb! —
January .' «¦-< . . .' 16 67 '.4
May 17 07Vi 1" 17»A 1" 05. 17 15
July 1I!OO 17 10 16 90 17 10
Lard, .Der ICO lbs — |
January » 45 9 4715 8 45 9 47»A
May 0 77^ 9 77^ 9 72^ 9 75
July 9 80 9 85 9 80* 9 82»i
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 8 42% 8 4714 8 4214 8 47^4
May 8 67^ 8 72 1,4 8 67% 8 72%
A.T1O
the <:<
ts
»
DNS. 3
OAST HRCORO.
: c : 5 ?•»
: 3 . 3 : 3
/» - -
torta ..
Jier ....
rson ...
ireka . .
esno ...
agstaff
catella,
lependei
s Ang-eli
oenix .
rtland .
d Bluff
¦eeburg
cratnent
It Lake
n Pranc
n U Ol
n Diegrc
attle . .
ok&ne .
¦ah Bay
alia Wa
Innemuc
ima
I
>n<
!es
to
eb
¦bi
o.
tX
cc
30.26
23. 9S
....23.76
....29.84
29.84
23.98
Ida.30.02
ice 23. S2
!S...23.i»0
l».l>0
29.88
29.88
29.76
o ..29.80
30.00
LSCO.29.86
lisp. 29. 90
29. S4
29.90
29.9S
29. S6
Ha. .29.ns
ca. .29.SS
29. 8S
44
34
42
64
56
46
38
4S
€8
«4
42
4S
4«
48
36
52
f.-S
64
46
36
42
32
36
I'll
38
26
18
46
34
14
22
44
'M
42
42
40
42
*24
44
40
46
30
38
30
33
40
KB
SE
E
SE
SVT
sw
SE
SE
SE
NW
E
NW
W
E
NW
E
SE
SW
N
N
K
SW
NE
Cloudy .90
Snow .01
Cloudy .00
Pt adr .08
Ooudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .10
Cloudy .07
Cloudy .10
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Rain .08
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Kain T.
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .os
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
MONDAY MORNTNQ. JANUARY 20, 1803. \
Commencing at 11:30 O'clock.
««*£ he . ad brok » horses 10 good, Uvery horses,
15 head heavy wagon horses.
CCCIDEN TAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721-723 HOWARD STREET. 1
•WTT.TJAM a. LAYNG. Auctioneer. '
All horses shown to harness before or aftsi
sal*. If so desired. r "THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 19, 1902.
36
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Ciay; open until 9:30 p. m.
¦>00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<"TO McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SiT< Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J!M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn. ' -*• --i
JOT. Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. rn.
103G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
r'-'OO Fillmcre street: open until 9 p. m. ->
CHCRCH SERVICES. i"
FIRST Cor.grcg«tional Church, corner Post and
Mason ets.— Rev. George C. /Adams. D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m. — topic, ""Pentecost — A Presage." At
7:30 p. m. — topic. "Let Him' Deny Himself
and Follow Me." All are cordially Invited.
RICHMOND -Congregational Church, corner
Seventh avenue and Clement st— Rev. Philip
- C001r.be. pastor. Residence, 3415 Jackson
st; telephone Jackson 104L Sermon themes.
11 a. m.. "Caleb a Model for the Twentieth
Century." 7:45 p. m.. "God's Kingdom
First." Sunday school 9:45 a. m. C. E.
Society C:45 p. ni. Seats free. A cordial
welcome for every or.e.
TARK Ccr^regational Church, 1W9 Hayes
ti. nt=r Central ave. — Professor R- K-
Jilovd, will occupy the pulpit until further
notice. Regular preaching services at 11
a. m. and 7:S0 p. m. Special music under
. the l?adership of Mrs. Jeesie Dean Moore.
OKertciy. morning by lire. Moore; evening
by Mr. Bcwley. Sunday school at 1Z:»U.
Y. P. S. C. E. at C:30. All seats free.
Kvcrybody invited.
irxiTAniAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
anii FVtkBklin Ets. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt
minirter; xiev. Dr. Stebbins, minister emer-
itus: CUaa. A. Murdock. superintendent of
Sur.iay echooL The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. Bible class under the leadership of
Pror Bacon at 10 a. m. The morning ser-
vice is at U o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will
preach the sermon. Subject. "What Is It
to Foilcw Christ?" Special murfcal service,
eeleettU Irom the "Hymn cf Praise" (Lcbes-
g;sanr), op 52 (Mendelssohn): 1. Organ
voluntary ""Allegretto" (second movement of
symphony*). 2- Sojiranc eolo and chorus,
••Praise Thou the Lord"; tenor (a) reclt.
•'S!i-,k Ye l > r»ise." (b) aria. "He Counteth All
Your Sorrow." 3. Chorus. "All Ye That
Cried Unto the Lord"; duet and chorus, "I
Waited for the Lord" (two sopranos). 4.
Tenor sclo. "The Sorrows of Death" ; chorale,
• "Let All Men Fraise the Lord." 5. Duet,
"My Sons Shall He Always Thy Mercy*
(«3pnUM and tenor); chorus, "All That tlu
Lire, Sins to the Lord." «. Organ postluie.
"flrft Movement of Symphony." All are
coi-diaJly iniited. There is no evening ser-
vice.
UXITARIAX Church' < Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth ets. — Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore.
minister — Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Morning theme, "A Successful lAtc" The
evening lecture on "Fallible Infallibility"
will be the third of a series on the Bible.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia Ets. — Rev. John Hemphill.
D.D., pastor: Rev. George G. Eldridge. as-
sociate pastor. Rev. Dr. Hemphill will
preach at 11 a. m. — topic, "Individual Evan-
Kelization," and at 7:30 p. m. at the Second-
Ft. mission, Mr. Eldridge will preach at
7:30 p. m. — topic. "Religious Awakening..
Morning Sabbath school at 10; afternoon Sab-
beth school at 12:30. Y. P. S. C. E. . at
«:30. All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Neao
ave. and Sacramento st— Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 12:45 p. in.
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Rev.
William Kirk Guthrie will preach both morn-
ing and evening. All are cordially Invited.
CeStFraL, Chnrcb, Mission St.. bet. Sixth and
Seventh — Arthur H. Briggs and Herbert V.
Briggs, pastors. 11 a. m., sermon. 12:4j
p. rr.., Sunday school. Rolla V. Watt super-
intendent C:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian
Endeavor. 7:30 p. m.. concert. Programme:
Orpan voluntary; anthem, "Seek Ye the
Lord" (Bradley); quartet "O Come. Let Vu
Worship" (Morrison); tenor eolo. "A. Dream
of Paradise" (Hamilton Gray). J. P. Jones;
violin duet, unaccompanied (Spohr), Messrs.
Karl Becker and Charles E. Rcbson; anthem,
•My Sonss Shall Be of Mercy" (Wilkinson).
Mr. Robson will be assisted by Herr Karl
Becker. 8 p. m.. sermon. The pastors will
preach. Roecce Warren Lucy, organist and
choirmaster. The seats are free and the
people are welcome. "
EIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
f Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on ••Christian Imperfection''
and at 7:30 p. m. on "•Personal Need of a
Personal Christ." Excellent music by large
chorus. I. E. Blake, director. Seats free.
All invited. Sunday school at 12:45 p. m.
Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts. —
Holy communion 7:30 and 11 a. m. Sun-
day school 9:30 a. m. Morning service 11
a. m. ; sermon by rector. Afternoon service,
4 p. m. People's one hour service 8 p. in.
JJusic by the full choir. Sermon by rector.
All seats free^ ¦:
EMMAXITX Baptist Church. Bartlett St..
near Twenty-third — Morning service 11
o'clock; termon by Rev. J. G«orsre Gibson.
Subject "The Early Church." Evening:,
7:30. Subject "Jesus, the Savior of Men."
IJarvtone koIo by Rev. J. George Gibson,
•Jesus Will Help" (Lowry). Organist, Miss
Lotta J. Underbill.
SEVENTH Day Adventist Church, 914 Laguna
Bt. between McAllister st and Golden Gate
ave. — Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock
by the pastor. Elder J. O. Corliss; subject
"What the Power of God Can Do for Us."
All are cordially invited to attend. Seats
free.
FIRST Ctrurch of Christ Scientist Central
Mock. 223 Sutter St., between Kearny 6t. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. : subject of lesson-sermon, "Truth."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
"Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny at-, room*
609-MO. All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ Druid
Temple, Folsom St.. near 14th — Preaching
11 a. m. by T. W. Williams of Los Angeles,
7:45 by Apostle Anderson of Missouri. This
church claims divine authority to preach the
everlasting gospel as a "signV of the coming
of Christ In glory. All welcome.
FREE — Religious seivlces conducted by the
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills at Golden Gate
Hell, C!5 Sutter st., on Sunday evening at
7:45 o'clock. Mr. Mills will speak on "The
Ideal, the Idea and the Idol." Miss Adeline
Birchler will sing. Doors open at 7:15. '
A BIG mass meeting for men to-day at the Y.
M. C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts. Ad-
dres? by George C. Adams, D.D.; subject
"The Valley of Decision." Harry H. Barn-
hart v.-ill ting, by special request "It Is
Enough," from Elijah. All young men wel-
come- No women admitted.
LOWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin 6t— Special
addresses by Alfred Mace on Bible sub-
jects. Lord's day afternoon, January 19. 3
o'clock. "DiscipleEhip; What Is It?" Gos-
pel addresses Lord's day. Tuesday and
Thursday evenings at 7:45. You are invited.
REV. M. P. BOYNTON of Chicago will preach
at the Hamilton-square Baptist Church, cor-
ner Post and Steiner sts., on Sunday, Janu-
ary 19. at 11 o'clock a. m.
THE Theosophical Society — Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock
by Thomas Prime of Birmingham, England;
subject "The Evolution of the Individual,"
illustrated by rtereoptlcon views. Inquirers'
class Sunday, 11 a. m. Children's group,
"The Golden Chain," 11:30 a. m. Public
meetings Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock.
Thursday afternoon at 2:30. Lending library
open from 1 to i p. n. and on Tuesday even-
lng. -
THEOSOPHICAL— Free popular lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building 809 Mar-
ket st: subject to-night. "The Universe"
from "The Vedanta" by Swaml Abhaya-
nanda. B}ble class Sundays. 11 a. m. In-
quirers' meeting and lecture on "Thought
Culture" Thursflay. 2:30 p. m. Free lending
library open Monday, Thursday and Satur-
day, 1 to 4 p. tn.. and Saturday evening.
.MEETINGS SUNDAY.
AA — DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle,
!K© Market st Subject "The Essentials of
Life" ; followed by magnificent views of
Stockholm, Sweden. Free ticKcts will be
distributed for X-Rav exhibition at sani-
tarium next Tuesday evening. Seats free;
no collection. Itemember the question box.
BROCK WAY'S seance to-night 25c 1052
Ellis st. bet Franklin and Gough.
A TEST meetinc, 909 Market rear hall: 1L
free; 2-8. 10c; Swan, Maxwell. Wrenn, Mar-
tln. Brown, others; piano solo. Miss Jewell.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall.
305 Larkln Et, Jan. 19, 7:30 p. m. Mrs.
R. S. Llllle. speaker; admission free.
TEST meeting, 909 Market front hall — 11, free-
2:30, regular mediums; 8 questions read*
Mrs. GiUlngham and Wilson.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night 3250 Twenty-second st, between
Mission and Valencia; 10c.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing test circles";
10c; Sunday. Tuesday; readings dally. 278
Ninth st
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
tura to-night 605 McAllister; 10c; come
skeptics. - , .
JIRS. S. B. SEIP. readings dally. 231 8th, cor
Alice Oakland; Sun., Thurs., 8 p. m.. 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex^ Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
K. HUESSMANX'S test circle to-night 25c
1774 15th et. near Guerrero; , sittings daily.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth Bt— Circle to-night
10c; startling tests; aecure seats early.
MEETING
, MRS. HANDLEY, celebrated test medium,
1 Sunday evening, 909 Market rear hall..
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p. m.,
1084 Bush, near Leavenworth: 50c.
EDWARD EARLE; elate-writlng to-night 323
Ellis; also Wednesday afternoon.
L MEETINGS— CnlTewJl Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
political and unsectarlanV — Meeting to-night
at 310 O'Farrell St.; subject "Work and
Art"; mudcal nclect!ons.y All Invited.
! ,. SUNDAY LECTURES.
• "NOW" lecture. "Duality." Henry Harrison
1 Brown. Odd Fellows' bldg.; 8 p. m.; music.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204. I .rfMSSj^
O. O. F. — Members please nssem-gS*- l^Sfcl.
. I bl<» at our lodreroom SUNDAY
, j MORNING. January 19. 1902, at ''m***
j 6:30 o'clock sharp, for the purpose of attend-
1 ing the funeral of our late brother. Past
I Grand JOSEPH SCHMIDT.
J. H. ROSENBERG. N. G.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. «j^*Sfflfc,
O. F. — Installation of officers fts?* 13 )!??^
MONDAY EVENING, January
20. Members and visitors wel- I'Iav^
come. C. E. HOWARD, N. G.
BURNS Anniversary, the social treat » «» >-
of the season — Clan Frazer No. 78, 3," \% 3fj
Order of Scottish Clans, will cele- >^vXjSc
brate the anniversary of ROBERT **-*j**
BURNS by a grand Scotch concert and
dance. Some 'of Burns' choicest poems will
ba illustrated by several characteristic tab-
leaux. Oration, "Robert Burns," by Rev.
i Wllliac Rader. The committee in charge
j ha» spared no expense in procuring tho best
I vocpI talent for the event THURSDAY
; KVEN1NO. January 23, 1902. 8 o'clock. Odd
!• Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market sts. Ad-
J mission 25c. J..W. KING, Chief. |
) A. KING. Secretary. . \
I THE St Andrew's Society will cele- . cy
brate the anniversary of tho birth J^, GfiZj
; of ROBERT BURNS with a con- '*>Xx*
1 cert and social dance in Scottish
I Hall. Ill Larkin st. on FRIDAY EVENING,
j January 24. Admission 2.*c.
¦ JAMES ROLPH JR.. President
I GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
I ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
l Ing of the stockholders of the California
Sugar Refinery will be held at the office of
i the company, 327 Market st, San Fran-
cisco Cal.. en Monday, the third day of
February. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board J
Of directors to serve for the ensuing year, I
and the transaction of such other business |
as may come before the meeting. . !
CHAS. A. GILSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. C. Murphy in the Hidden
Treasure Hydraulic mine, at Kelsev. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in Kelsey
Canyon; from John Pascoe and W: H. Se-
combe. in the Chill Ravine gravel mine, near
Placerville. El Dorago County, to deposit
tailings In Chili Ravine: from Warren T.
Russell. In the Happy Flat placer mine, at
Garden Valley. El Dorado County, to de-
posit tailings In Happy Flat Creek, and from
Wentz Bros., in their mine, near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood bulld-
j Ing. San Francisco, Cal., on February 3,
1 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— OCEANIC STF.AMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market street in the City ard
County of San Francisco. State of California,
en TUESDAY." the 21st day of January. 1302.
*t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
poee of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the eneulng year and for the transaction
• of such other business as may come before
the meetinir. Transfer books will close on
Friday. January 10. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President. ~
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders . of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company. 327
Market st San Francisco. on f MONDAY,
I the 20th day of January. 1902. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the tn-
culng year and the transaction of such oth.-r
. business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 17. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas end Elec-
tric Co., 415 Post St.. San Francisco, Cal. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
will be held at the office of the company. 415
Post Et, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, at 12 o'clock m. on TUESDAY. Janu-
ary 21. 1902. The transfer books of .the com-
pany will be closed from January 10, 1902, to
and including January 21, 1902.
(Signed) WILLIAM G. BARRETT,
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6, 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — The annual
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market st, San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21, 1902. at U o'clock
a. m.. for, the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such -other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market et. San Francisco, Cal.
January 0, 1902.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Agents to sell Anti-Decay Dental
Tablets, also Dentaline Plate Powder; both
cover fields never before opened; big returns
for small investment; good side line; writs
to-day for particulars. J. HOWARD DEN-
TAL SUPPLY CO.. Watertown. N. Y.
EXCELLENT opportunity to make money by
energetic and ambitious men -or women;
special inducement for permanent work; ex-
perience not necessary. THE WHITAKER
& RAY CO.. 723 Market Bt
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able "and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
MANAGING agent for placing oil and mining
stocks on the market. Address box 3598,
Call office. .
ADOPTION.
BRUNETTE infant for adoption; also boy
baby 2 years old. EMILIE FUNKE. 1416
Eighth St.. Alameda. : -
ASTROLOGY?
HOROSCOPES — Prospects predicted, difficulties
avoided advice In social and business af-
fairs; readings by mail. RAYMOND. 227
Taylor st. ¦'
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty. Exam. bldg.. Cth floor, rm.
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
eta; legal papers drawn; consultation free;no
advance charges, open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck:quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31 81.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston,819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY — Good home for children; near
school; $8 up. 2127 Prince st •
GOOD home for small child; object company.
Call or add. 831 Thirty-fourth st. Oakland.
GERMAN lady would like couple of children to
board; sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR sale cheap — Bar fixtures and house of '7
rooms to let; near dry docks. South San Fran-
cisco: good .location. Apply to McLEOD &
HATJE, 51t» Market St.. San Francisco.
LTVERY. boarding and sale stable. 40c on $1;
must sell; easy money; established 40 years-
central location; don't miss it. Business
Board of Trade. 326 Pine st
J.H.STANTON.real estate and business broker;
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market;
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus, chances.
BUSINESS men! — If you want quick sale list ¦
your business for sale by McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market rt. ,
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Grocery and bar at
N.E. cor. Ellis and Taylor sts., belonging to
the estate of Peter Miesner. deceased: bids
accompanied by 10 per cent deposit will be
received at office of P. Boland, administrator
23S Montgomery st. until 5 p. m. Wednes-
day. January 22, 1902. Store open from 6
a. m. to 12 p. m. . t .i-
INCOME ?1000 per year can be secured by any
one who will Investigate our plans; no gold
mine or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business . proposition of unusual
merit JUMIAPA CO., 615 Fullerton bldg
St. Louis, Mo. -
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. L: HEDGES. 162 Parrott bldg.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to I
DECKER. 921 Market st. j
BUSINESS f CHANCES— yConttnned.^
$2750............... 52750 .......... \.... $2750
Large livery and boarding stable.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything. complete. .
Over 50 steady . boarders. \-
¦ Finest location In city.
Party retiring from the business. Full par-
ttculars by STENBERG CO.. 759 Market
$225^— STATIONERY, notion and candy store;
fixtures, showcases, stock Invoice $500; liv-
ing -rooms; the r>lace for man ~ and wife.
STENBERG CO., 759 Market st. ¦ '
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st, rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, . restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
3 stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above. -
$400-^A SACRIFICE; restaurant worth $1000;
receipts guaranteed, over $21 ; trial given.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
WANTED — Parties with from $250 to $1000 to
invest in manufacturing a staple article now
en the market: will bear fullest investiga-
tion; money needed to increase business; best
of ref erence3. Address box 2840, Call office.
PROFITS of investment of $10 to $100 with us
will pay your running expenses: shares $10
each; profits paid semi-monthly; send for
circular. STERLING & CO., 506 Liberty
bldg.. New York. (Mention paper.) •-¦
OUR "Compounding System", of turf specula-
tion is " the safest and most profitable ever
devised;' average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
' Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton street.
DO you want to make money? — Our system of
turf speculation will earn large dividends
weekly. Indorsed by financial journals; write
for particulars. HAMMOND & CO., Dept. 3,
21 Park Row, New York City. .
INCREASE your income 3 to 8 per cent week-
ly; write for particulars; $25 accepted for
trial investment. Denver Co-Operative In- :
vestment Asso., 604 Exch. bldg., Denver, Col.
FIRST-CLASS grocery doing a business of $200
a day; no bar; horse and wagon, etc.; five
blocks from Market st. Box 2S93, Call office.
WANTED — Practical experienced saloon man to
advance $30CO for part interest in profitable
business; investor to control bar ' privilege;
references required. Address box 2800, Call, j
$250 — PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $1S to $25 a week;
• no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary st, room 4. -
WANTED — Partner in good paying dental of-
fice; best chance in the State; none but good
workman need apply. Address box 2S80, Call.
A SACRIFICE — Account of sickness, a good
paying saloon, $30O. Apply Stt Third St..
room 2. ,
A— $2C0; GROCERY and fruit store doing a
good business in a good location; 3 living
rooms; rent $12 50. 314A Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — A small bazaar located on Market
St. ; a good business opportunity. Inquire at
016 Market st, room 73.
WANTED— A man to Invest $200 or more In
a very profitable permanent business. Call
at 1504 Folsom st., between 10 and 4. -
FOR sale cheap; established dental office; best
location. . For particulars, P. O. box 151,
Oakland. •;; ¦
A HORSESHOEING shop doing good business
for sale cheap: selling on account of sick-
ness. Apply S15 Folsom st.
GROCERY, fruit and vegetable store; well lo-
cated: doing tvicd business; a bargain. . Box
2300. Call office, Oakland. .
$1250— FURNISHING goods store on Third st;
2 living rooms; good location. Box 3600, Call.
GROCERY and bar: corner: new building; only
SS50. Se« DECKER, 1020 Market st.
PARTNER, small capital; placer miner pre-
ferred. Box 3570, Call office.
BAKERY ar*-notlon store for sale; reasonable.
Box 2S95, Call office.
WANTED — To buy store for cash; no agents.
Box 3503. Call office.
FOR sale — A first-class merchant tailoring es-
tablishment in country. Apply REISS BROS.
& CO.. 24 Sutter st.
$4500 — PARTNER wanted for a legitimate
business, where every dollar Is absolutely se-
cured; only parties ' meaning business should
answer. Box 2875, Call office.
PARTNER wanted In good paying business;
$3000 or $4000 required; full investigation
courted; principals only; references required
and given. Address box 2889, Call office.
A WELL-PAYING semi-advertising medical
business, $1500; low rent; good proposition
for business man or doctor. Box 7963, Call.
$2500 BUYS a good paying restaurant, with 10
living rooms; trial given; owner retiring; no
agents. Box 2S45. Call office.
FOR Sale — Tailoring business In the country;
living rooms, furniture, etc. ; doing a good
business. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT — Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Box 2314,
Call office. '
WANTED — A first-class saloon man; one with i
saloon fixtures preferred. Box 2S6S. Call.
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. 2474 Mission st.
$000 — FOR sate; the Palace Restaurant Val-
lejo. Cal. : great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
XODGIXC-HOllSES FOK SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. . . Tel. Davis 281.
15 rooms, cheap rent, good location $1500
10 rooms, cheap rent, good furniture.. COO
6 rooms, nicely furnished, full 275
20 rooms, central, good payer .-. 1C50
¦ 20 rooms, good furniture, money maker 22U0
20 rooms, snap, see it 850
38 rooms, central, clears $200 S200
11 rooms, all full, rent $35 800
35 rooms; swell fam. hotel, good location 6000
30 rooms, cheap rent, money maker 1600
12 rooms, good furniture, a bargain. . . 1000
21 rooms, central, everything new 800
21 rooms, finely furnished, best location £700
5 rooms, sunny flat, rent $22 50, snap. 250
10 rooms, new flat, elegantly furnished 1200
8 rooms, a beauty, rent ?35, clears $50 900
14 rooms, cheap rent, clears $50...... 900
9 rooms, rent $32, good furniture 450
17 rooms, rent $00, good payer , 900
7 rooms, flat, good sunny corner 350
14 rooms, elegantly furnished, bargain. 1250
50 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
see it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850
Market St.
1 . , — _
SC-ROOM hotel and bar .$1700
14 rooms; on Mission st....... 450
<;<; rooms; clears $300 4000
12 rooms; on Qolden Gate ave 650
o4 rooms ; price 450
14 rooms; worth $SCO 600
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1850
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150........ 1250
2:1 rooms; clears $100 ..» 950
100 rooms; clears $400 6500
37 rooms; on Market st. ; 2 entrances;
¦offices; permanent and transient 2800
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
: FRENCH SPOKEN
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 706.
$1100 — 20 ROOMS: near Mason and Eddy; call
early. DECKER, 1020 Market st
A— Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
¦ ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
115 r. ; new building; clears $317 month.. $6000
34 r. ; part offices; fine carpets; oak
. furniture; 2 floors; clears $109 mo.. 2200
22 r. ; clears $102 per month above all -
expenses; 6 blocks N. of. Market;
elegant; first-class roomers.
12 r. ; good furniture; rent $33; clears $40. 400
7r.; rent $16; nice; easy Installments. ¦ 300
WINSTON & WOLF. „ . . - • ¦ ~
Reliable Brokers 1026 Market St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) .
100 rooms; brand new, and modern building.
62 rooms; rent $150; fine location... .. .$3500
53 rooms; workman's- hotel; new and
modern building; corner; rent $125;
price 1000
39 rooms; offices; cheap rent; part cash. 2000
.29 rooms; rent $75; offices; see It..... .. 1400
26 rooms; rent $00; part cash .2000
500 other houses to select from.
Call, we have the bargains.
T. !"! r.
DON'T forget that now Is the time to buy or
sell your. house or flat, and don't forget that
the man. to sell It Is FISHER & CO.. 935
Market st; tel. Folsom 1592.
WE have 75 lodging-houses for sale from $300
to $6000; some very bargains; If you have
lodging-houses for sale list them with us: we
sell quick, and good prices. , McBRIDE &
CO.. 765 Market st. , . .
BUYERS, If you want a lodging-house that
WILL PAY, or if you rl want to - borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on ' M. - E.
RIVES, QIC Market St.. rm. 69; tel. Main 128.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE.
CALL ON RETSLOFF,
906 MARKET ST. PHONE JOHN 531.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, -all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; "get
our list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale cheap; 20 rooms;
rent $40; $80 clear; transient most; ' newly
furnished; worth $1000. Box 2839. Call office.
HOUSE of ten rooms centrally located; all oc-
cupied; rent $30: sunny side of street; parties
going East. Address A.' M., box 2887,; Call.
ROOMING house for sale, $300; cause, death;
_1j[_rnm : _full : steady roomers. 28% Clay st.
LODGING-HOUSES TO - LET. { . ,
NEW 60- room lodging-house;, southwest corner
of Turk and Leavenworth sts. ; plans and
particulars at office. BURNH AM & MARSH
.- CO.. 20 Montgomery st' .»- ¦ ,-
....... V . •
¦¦"...•'; CLAIRVOYANTS. ;; .'.V -_. _
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
. TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London. ' -
ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THE
QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
Have a psychic reading or a palmistry
. reading, and learn what the future has In
Prichard has been consulted by the Czar
of Russia, Emperors of Germany. China and
Japan; also by distinguished men and .women
in every, walk of life., < 1 v '•""
FREE! FREE! FREE!
- i IF NOT CORRECT. .
So positive am I of my powers to tell the
Past. Present. Future, and exactly what you
want to know that I will make
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
. ' Unless you obtain perfect - satisfaction and
find me superior to all other mediums, -clair-
voyants and palmists in. this city.
• THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCESS,
HARMONY. PEACE, POWER AND
HAPPINESS.,
You ' are experiencing either domestic or
business difficulties. You are worrying about
something. You are in doubt. . You suspect
that everything is not as it "should be.' You
are unhappy — at times . very melancholy.
Everything seems to go wrong with you.
Why not seek the advice of one who has
helped and advised the greatest men and
women of the world? You may never have
another opportunity, to consult a man of the
• reputation and standing of Sir Henry Prlch.
ard. • . ¦ . . . .. v
Make no mistake when you undertake any-
thing of Importance — get his advice first
f Hundreds of : others have been put on the
road to fortune by him, so why not you?
* HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME.
MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME, ETC. HE
ALSO GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS
SPECULATION INVESTMENTS, insur-
¦ ance. changes, travels, health, sickness, love,
divorce, MARRIAGE. LAWSUITS, separa-
tions, WILLS, deeds, mortgages, patents.
CLAIMS, collections, -etc. He will tell you
what . trade, business or profession you are
, adapted for. ,
'LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelations on all love af-
.. fairs, troubles, marriages and by proper ad-
vice restores lost affection, reunites the sep-
arated, settles lovers' quarrels, tells you
. WH5N AND WHOM YOU WILL MARRY
•and how to WIN the man or woman you
love., and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overpower all
your enemies; gives full secret how to con-
trol and charm any one you love or meet
HE NEVER FAILS TO GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
You are told how to avoid weakness,
warned against all treacherous friends. Lo-
cates buried treasures, mines, I old estates,
' lost friends, etc. ¦ -
TO OUT-OF-TOWN PARTIES. '
If you cannot call, write and send $1, 2c-
stamp. date o4.birth and three questions and
receive correct answers by return mail. All
mall matter and P. O. money orders should
be addressed to Sir Henry's private secre-
tary, Mr. C. F. A»alsh (this address).
&ir Henry Prichard intends to make this
city his permanent home.
Hours— Dally, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
: 10 to 5.
Suites 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 15 '/i (The Ven-
dome). ¦
1104 — MARKET STREET — 1104
Near Corner of Turk. • ¦
Nearly opposite Zinkand's. Upstairs. First
Floor. Maid in Attendance.
See Display Add on Page 24.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY. ~~T~
Ismar. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult Ismar, , for . she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame, and her 'name
has become a proverb In thousands of ¦ homes
made happy by her aid and advice; Ismar can
be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m., at her office,
1148 Market st. opposite Sixth.
SPECIALr — Owing to a large number of in-
quiries from country persons. Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD, •¦ " ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you , will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
DON'T . fall to read SIR HENRY PRI-
- CHARD'S large ad on page 24.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
DR. EDGAR SANSON.' psychic and magnetic
healer, late of London, England, is per-
manently located at 423 Ellis. 4 doors from
Leavenworth, where he is prepared to treat
all nervous and chronic diseases; all cases
, diagnosed clairvoyantly; 10-5.
SPECIAL — 10c and this notice; no long story;
Just what you want to know; consultation on
all matters: love, marriage, divorce, family
troubles, sickness; we convince all. Parlors
1, 2 and 3, 607 Kearny st
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215 ft 6th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m,
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 , a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit 1 60. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLS, 326A Elllsj clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CONSULT gifted card reader. 2000 Howard st. ;
L. 15c, G. 25c; hours 10 to 5; eve. by app'mt.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% Sixth st.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future: L. 25c; G. 50c. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
60c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr.. palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
-reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
MRS.' B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st
SPIRITUALISM.
DON'T fall to .read SIR . HENRY . PRI-
. CHARD'S large ad on page 24., ,
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl., Sun., '8 p. m.; 60c.. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 3761— Seances Sun..
Tues.. Thura.^SaS p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; readings daily,
60c and $1; circle every night. 10c.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium, "1610
Clay st. ; circle to-night; consultation dally.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance Sun-
day evening 8 o'clock, 50c. ; 825 Ellis st.
WYLLIE,. the Los Angeles photo medium,
every day for, short stay. 309 Turk st.
EDWARD EARLE. 828 Ellis; readings dally;
¦ phone Polk 1601; aeance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. J C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
. COLLECTION OFFICES. -
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor. 916 Market St.; advice free. TeL Bush
194: able body of attorneys.. ..
GEORGE \ W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
.unless successful. Room '310. 927 Market st.
. COTTAGES TO LET.' ; .
$9— COTTAGE,' 4 rooms;' big yard. ' 104 China
. ; ¦ ave., near Mission st. ' . ¦ , .: ! . - . ¦ . : _ . ¦ ¦ ¦
*!*r* R - : near Powell Bt • THE MCCARTHY
Market st . ;, .-.,.,
COTTAGES— SUBURBAN— TO LET.
ROSS Valley; large 5-rooni hilltop sunny cot-
tage; furnished; piano, etc. .514 Pine; 10-12.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN ' you become disgusted . with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
¦ ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th Bt. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Bt. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
3,13 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
, , vatlng Co.. 240 14th. st; tel. Mission 74.
j DENTISTS.^ nn ' ¦ :^ r '
j "A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
1 able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and 'porcelain crowns. $5 up:
..plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
guaranteed. $5 up.
" Painless extraction.
- I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best t crowns, plates, - bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
¦ wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
¦ experience; *no students; advice free; prices
I ; cheapest and guaranteed; .lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
EI1F.CTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S. r Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 years; rrovrn?, $3 50; fillings, 5Oc;
plates ?!>. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor." Bush—
Full set o' teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 50c.
SKT of tfeth wlthr.ut plate. DR. iE G?
j YOUNG. 1811 Polk Ft.
j DR. R. L. XV A LSH, S15?;i Geary, nr.Larkin— Paln-
I less ext. TOc: plates ?5 up: phone Polk 1135.
• DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVl| canine s7>eclaliat?
late of New York City, has just located at
90<; Jones st. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office
hours 10 to 3: telephone Kate 20S5.
j ¦."- DOG HOSPITALS.
{ DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
I or. at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
1 '"
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & ilillinery.School —
Class rates; patterns c^it. 10ia Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM
P1LGER. 121 Post, over. O'Connor & Moffatt
FASHIONABLE & exp. dressmaker, $1 50 day;
refs. MRS. HOLMES. b'2G^ Elizabeth st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF^^E^TRICALrENGp
NEER1NG — Theorr demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. and night 24 Post st., b. F.J
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
- — $S per month ; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ;• experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and raining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCiSUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
•Stanford professor. Phelan building.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
• TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
I MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
. rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
I ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining. mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates,
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
J . Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this adv'.ce worth
. " following? -Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell it
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has're-
' moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st
; GOLDEN Gate Night School; bookkeeping.
1 shorthand. English. 530 G. G. ave.. Lib. big.
LADY teacher would like a few more juvenile
piano pupils; 50c an hour. Box 2879, Call. 7
ARITHMETIC. bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
SPANISH, French. etc.Prof.DeFHIppe's Academy
of Lanp:uages,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally,
j MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
| VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission: Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
MARY P. "WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors, 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
I HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1SR3; new 80-page catalogue free.
, EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
1 CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post, QEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 1,4 O'Farrell st; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE! Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
,. reliable help. 524 Bush st;.tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nrse help. 42fi Powell. nr. Sutter :tel. Black 5072.
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG lady graduate U. C. desires . position
as governess or tutor in private family;
knowledge of music. A, 2119 Hearst ave.,
Berkeley. ¦ .
STENOGRAPHER, two years' experience, de-
sires position in law office; references. Box
x 2846. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do up-
stairs work and sewing; references. Call at
1501 Broadway. . • ¦••..•
YOUNG lady desires position to do housework;
la a good laundress. Box 2807. Call office.
YOUNG girl wants situation ! as child's nurse
a and assist with light housework. 238 Cor-
bet t ave., between Seventeenth and Eight-
; eenth, : and Hattle and Danvers. •
EASTERN lady, wishes a position as house-
keeper or nursing;' either city or country.
116 Fourth st, , room • 21. ..
; DRESSMAKER of experience in young ladles'
and children's clothes, also altering and
' making over, $1 25 per day in families.
1237 Webster St.. near Ellis. , .
REFINED young lady as visiting nursery gov-
erness; ¦ German, English and ' music; best
references given. ' Box 2892, Call office.
LADY, competent, educated, companionable,
desires position as ¦ housekeeper. 501 Post.
NORWEGIAN woman wants work by the day
• washing. Ironing or sewing. 43 Hardy' st
AN expert fitter, dressmaker and ladles' tailor
desires work by tho day in families. Box
3596, Call office, or telephone Sutter 1873.
EASTERN dressmaker with latest Ideas wants
¦ work in families; will sew for children: $1 50
a day until advertised. Address MRS. F..
box 2810, . Call ¦ office.
STENOGRAPHER desires situation: salary
* moderate. „ Box 3589. Call. •
WANTED— Situation as cook by. a responsible
person/willing and obliging; reference. Box
/ 2S33. Call office.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, young ladles'
-and children's suits, coats, waists, - etc., by
' - the day or home ; $1 50 day. , Box 3588, Call.
WANTED— By young' lady speaking both
• French and English, position as companion;
- • elderly ' lady preferred." Address box ' 2389.
: Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Work; by the day. A. W., 2256
,' Pacific ave., Alameda. . . ¦'. ¦ ' , .
WOMAN wants to do washing or housework by
• the day. : Address box 3878. Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants washing. Ironing or
/cleaning byi the day or take washing home;
¦ first-class .work. .: 253 - Fell st; telephone
- Kate 29. , ¦-..-.
AMERICAN. woman wishes situation as work-
'¦'¦ tt B w h »°i£??f S&S neat and : reliable. MRS.
M. FAIRBANKS.. Cotatl, Sonoma County. ,
GERMAN girl - wants place • for second, work.
.Address box 8578. Call office. ?-i»V-"^T
EMPtOTMEKT . WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— By a lady with 1 child 12 years
• old. situation as houaekeeper or any kind of
work by month. Call or address 311 Minna.
RELIABLE girl, speaks French, wishes to do
cooking and housework; good
' wages, etc. Please call for 3 days at 6C1
Pine St., In the rear. ' \
TRUSTWORTHY housekeeper, middle-aged
for couple or small family: French spoken,
no washing. Write 814A Larkln st
PROOFREADER wishes situation; no typeset-
ting; will commence at $12 week. Box -S4J,
CalHofflce. '¦ ¦'¦••
YOUNG lady would like temporary work as
office assistant; good penman: good at ng-
xircs. Address F. K-. 1320 Ellis st
YOUNG woman would like a position as cham-
bermaid in hotel or rooming house; country
preferred. Address box 23S7.Call office.
WOMAN would like any kind of^ work (rom8
a m to 4 p m.: this side of the bay. 202-
Woolsey Bt.'Lorln. Berkeley. "
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires work by the
day; also take sewing home. Call at 2 : M lies
court, off California st, nr. Powell, and iU
Sutter; tel. Green 721. •
DRESSMAKER from New York: $2 per day
till established: all work guaranteed; best
city references; rapid; latest designs. 72S
Devlsadero st. ¦_ ; "
THOROUGHLY competent second girl with
references wants position, city o r _4° un *7,:
wages $25 to $30. Address box 2336, Call
office. Oakland. — — — .
YOUNG lady stenographer with experience. ,
- owning machine, desires position; salary
moderate; references. Stenographer, »w
Grove st.. Oakland. •
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 20O rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: fiw
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; rree
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at luua
Valencia «t.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — 3IALE.
A YOUNG man (20 years) wishes position in
grocery or family liquor store; has first-class
references. Address J. M.. box 3502.' Call.
A FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker; strict-
ly sober; country preferred. Address box
2841. Call office. .
GENTLEMAN owning horse and buggy, de-
sires position collecting or soliciting; refer-
ences and bonds furnished. Box 2896. Call.
MAN and wife wish positions; city or country;
experienced all round hotel people. 547
Stevenson at ' .. -
BRICKLAYER wants work either by day or
contract; first-class oven builder. Address
Bricklayer- 822 Sixth st.
ENGINEER; llncensed; can take charge of
any kind of steam plant; good hand at ho-
tels; city or country. Apply 434 Second st.
BUSINESS man. stranger in city, will take any
position at any salary and work up; will give
bonds or cash security. Box 2270. Call.
A YOUNG man wishes a position as assistant
bookkeeper. Address 164B Russ at. v
COACHMAN, English, wants situation; city or
country; first-class refs. Box 3592. Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn a trade. Box
3586. Call office. - ' ¦
YOUNG man of 21 with some experience In
wholesale liquor house would like a . posi-
tion where there is chance for advancement
Box 3585. Call office.
BRIGHT boy of 16 would like a position where
there Is chance for advancement or to learn
a good trade. L. H., 1115 Stelner st
YOUNG man wishes a position' at any kind
of light work In the suburbs or country;
wages $10 a month. Box 3587. Call office.
A GERMAN cook, competent man, good bread
and pastry cook, wants situation; city or
country. 77 Ninth st '
SITUATION wanted by married couple In pri-
vate family; man butler and houseman; wife
cook; references; no Jews need apply. Box
3591. Call office.
WANTED — "Work of any kind by young man
. where I can devote some time to studying:
honest and industrious; moderate wages.
Box 3597.. Call.
MACHINIST and engineer, young, sober and
industrious, wants position in factory or
machine house; handy on woodwork or bl-
cycle repairs. 11 69 A Valencia st
COACHMAN ¦ wants position as man about
place; sober; industrious; good driver; make
himself useful; can milk; references. Box
35S1. Call office.
TYPEWRITING by a good operator at very
low prices. ANDREWS, box 35S2. Call office.
GARDENER, practical, years of California ex-
perience, desires position. ! Address Q. S.,
room 110. Winchester Hotel. 68 Third st.
WANTED — Position In store or office or to
travel for wholesale house by trustworthy
man. Box 3516, Call office.
MAN used to janitor work wants Job; first-
class hand with carpenter tools; used to insti-
tution. GEORGE, 812 Kearny st.
GARDENER, with many years' experience In
i all its branches In the Eastern States. 2
years In California, wishes position as head
gardener In a private place to the 1st of Feb-
ruary. Box 2212, Call.
RELIABLE young man wishes position In city
or country store as clerk and window dresser;
has experience and reference. Box 2847. Call.
SITUATION by a first-class cook; hotel. lunch
or boarding house. Call or address W. G.,
362 Third st.
WANTED — Position as salesman in shoe store;
some experience; best of references; from
country; young man. Address box 2873. Call.
MAN and wife wish positions in private fam-
ily; man to do general work about the
- house or gardener and wife as cook; good
references. Box 2S70. Call.
STATIONARY engineer wants position In ma-
chinery house; good pipe fitter; strictly tem-
perate; Ice and ref.' machinery a specialty.
Address MILLET. 204 Van Ness ave.
BANDMAN; professional snare drummer and
barber; steady job in Inland town; reliable.
J. R. BOWEN. 504 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS baker, foreman, milk or home-
made bread, wants work. Address Baker,
225 Third s.t, Oakland.
POSITION wanted by young man 26 years of
- age as bookkeeper or clerk in a wholesale or
retail house, either city or country. Box
2835, Call office.
PORTER and house man, late at a first-class
hotel in the city, desires work in hotel, pri-
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object: reference. Box 2258. Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist*, running engine and
repair any kind of machinery: handy In
small planing mill; city or country. Box
2802, Call office.
NURSE, with surgical physician's ref.; oblig-
ing, and satisfaction always given. F. - M.
JONES. 206 Van Ness ave.: tel South 857.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and blacksmith and
running engine: handy at any kind of ma-
chine work. Box 2S03. Call office. '
YOUNG man, Japanese, trustworthy, most
economical, good cook, or first-class waiter,
wishes position; speaks good English. W.
O. K.. 403 Dupont st; three days. •'¦A--:.
JAPANESE boy wishes position to work even-
Ing or early in morning. M. M., 515 O'Far-
rell «t. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an-1
subscriptions has been established at lOC'C
Valencia st - .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FINANCIAL. ~~~~
COMPANIES incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken In payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers, 32G Post st.
PACIKIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) Wp
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
• placing . stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
EUREKA, 14, near 17th — Flat of 9 rooms and
bath; newly cleaned and painted; rent $20-
' water free. Key at premises.
A— SIXTH ave. and Fulton st. facing-Golden
Gate Park; brand new; modern; 6 rms.. bath.
NEW upper sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and
bath. 969, Golden Gate ave.; no children.
PLEASANT. 28.: nr. Sacramento, above Taylor
— Sunny modern flat. 6 rooms; marine view.
FURNISHED FLAT WANTED. :
FURNISHED flat wanted by. young married
couple; no children; a neatly furnished flat
of 5 or 6 rooms; location north of O'Farrell
and east of Devlsadero; must be scrupulously
•clean and' contain - modern Improvements -
state rent. Address box 2884, Call office.
FLATS WANTED. >
SMALL furnished flat or 3 or 4 housekeeninjr
rooms. Box 2860. Call.
t FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1331
FtTXtXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. *»
rangX KtagFuralturc Co.. 1127-1131 Market>
MINNA 273— 9-room house. In good order.
Call from 2 to 4; no agents.
FOR sale — Floor covering of new 8-room flat
used 14 months. Apply 1654 Golden Gate.
FOR sale— Fine piano $43, cost $650. azd din-
lng-roora set cheap. 1622B Howard st
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; will sell whola
or part. 1912 Flllmore. near Bn3h: flat 8.
GLOVES.
D & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the woVid:
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT -•
2 waitresses, south, fare paid ;i «£?
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, fare pald.|-o
Head waitress, city..' - fj~
4 more waitresses, new hotel, city.... . --*~
20 waitresses, city and country *-°-f~r
Cook. 10 people, city boarding house £>5
Cook, springs, see party here fM
Chambermaids to wait, city and country. >-0
Fancy ironer, south, half fare paid *>0
2 more chambermaids, south, half fare
paid - |20
Laundress, country hotel 5*0
Waitress. 1st class place (3 people wait
on) $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl and care of children; cooks,
housegirls. second girls, nurse girls, etc.;
call and select a place - -•
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
A— COOK and second girls (young girls). J25
and $20; see party here. C. R. HANSEN <&
CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED — First-class German, cook, no wash-
ing $35; 7 eecond girls, $2O, $25: 1O cooks.
small wash, $25; 10 waitresses for nice- fam-
ily hotels, $20 and *23; nursery governess,
S25: 2 maids and seamstresses. 825; 2 nurse
girls. $23; housework. 2 in family. $30. for
San Rafael: « chambermaids, wait one meal.
*->0- 2 laundresses, private families. $25;
cook 'or a In family. Oakland, see party
here Monday, $30; 40 girls for all kinds of
housework, with and without washing. $20,
$25 $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
S34* Sutter st. m
Z— WANTED — Girls and women at S. E". Halr-
dressing College to learn halrdressing trade
thoroughly In 2 weeks: course $5. Including
manicuring, massage, scalp treatment, bleach-
ing dyeing, ventilating, weaving, switch and
wig making? positions guaranteed eaoh grad-
uate- no fake promises: our pupils are our liv-
ing advertisement, filling positions In stores all
over city: 5 positions in leading stores open to
those entering Immediately; girl not knowing
trade in 2 weeks given money back; day & eye.
classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 233 Geary, r. 13-la.
LADIES $100 a month guaranteed to open
branch offices at your homes: handle sub-
: agents; make demonstrations of our •lectrl-
cal appliances (new invention) for removing
wrinkles and all facial blemishes: developing
or reducing any part of the body; cures obe-
sity; no canvassing; write to-day for sample
and sole agency. THE WILLARD PRES-
TON CO.. 56 Fifth ave.. Chicago. 111.
AT tho TVoman's Educational and Industrial
Union T Van Ness ave.. elecution. painting,
violin mandolin, guitar, French, German.
Spanish, English, dressmaking, halrdressing
manicuring and millinery taught for $1 50
per month; singing taught for $1 per month.
"WANTED — An experienced Protestant womaa
to do light upstalra work In small family:
must be good seamstress and able to do mani-
' curing and hairdresslng; location near San
Rafael; give references. Box 2S94. Call.
CAL. College of Hairdresslng and Massage su-
perior to all others; ladies requested to visit
the classes: all who eoter this week get full
course for $4. 805 Larkln St.; take elevator;
ladies' work done free.
IMMEDIATELY. 20 ladles to make our adver-
tising novelties; home work; permanent; good
pay; light, easy, dainty. Apply & to 12 Mon-
day to Friday. 613 Eddy at. *
ARTISTIC halrdressing. manicuring, facial
massage; course ?o, two weeks; day & even-
Ing classes; positions secured. Pacific Hair-
dressing College, room 94. Murphy building.
"WANTED — A girl to assist In light housework:
easy hours; must sleep at home. 2004. Market
St.. at the dry goods store; wage* $10 month.
YOUNG person for office -work; good In mathe-
matics and accurate; no typewriting or
ehorthand required. Box 35i>4. Call.
"WANTED — Young girl 16 or 18 years old; gen-
eral housework; no wash; wages $15; call 2
to 4 p. m. to-day. 430 Bush st
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles* waists;
steady work; good pay. S. F. Co. Mfg. Co.,
B23 Market st.
GIRLS for factory work. Apply at once,
AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
NEAT German or \Swedlsh girl for second
work. Apply 191S Jackson st
•WANTED— Dressmaker help. 1207% Bush st.
BRIGHT girl can learn dressmaking thorough-
ly free of charge. 919 Geary »t ¦
EXPERIENCED hands, operators and ap-
prentices on men's neckwear. 518 Market.
"WOMAN capable of directing employes : travel-
ing required. . Box 3505, Call office.
"WANTED — Neat girl to assist In light house-
. work. 1303 Buchanan St.. corner O'Farrell.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; 2 In
family. Call Monday, 9 to 12. at 2131 Larkln.
GIRL to assist in general housework in small
family. 4S4 Frederick st, near Stanyan.
GIRL for housework. 51 Cumberland, bet 19th,
& 20th. Guerrero & Dolores: before 12, aft. 5.
OPERATORS to work in factory on ladies' and
children's wear. 636 Mission st. 4th floor.
PRESSERS to work in factory. 656 Mission
st . arply 3d floor.
APPRENTICES for millinery. 723 Market st.
"WANTED — Young healthy wetnurse with full
breasts; white or colored. Box 8584. Call.
NEAT young girl for general housework, and,
cooking; wages $20. 2367 Sutter st. ..
"WANTED — Girl for housework. x Apply at 2103
Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted; ref. Pacific
Hairdresslng College, room 94. Murphy bldg.
GIRLS - to do sewing. 424 Montgomery st ;
umbrella store. ' . ;
OPERATORS on waiters' coats and aprons;
power; steady work. 123 Pine st.
YOUNG girl for Ught housework: small pay
but good home. MME. BERNARD. 17 3d st
"WANTED — An ' experienced hairdresser and,
manicurer; referenced. .307 Van Ness ave.
» ¦ ,
OPERATORS at Levt Strauss & Co.' a Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st; no experience
necessary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady'
work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about 16 years of aga
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to rtKht par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a. m.
GIRL for general housework: small family;
good wages. Apply 1527 O'Farrell st.
A GERMAN woman as governess fi state • re-
liglon; salary $30. Box 2994. Call."
WANTED — German girl for light housework.
419 Jcnes St. ¦ - - ¦
NEAT girl for general housework and cook-
ing. $20. Call after 3:30 p. m. at 2314 How-
ard st.
NEAT younsr girl: light second work; wages
$15. 70S Brcderick st, near McAllister.
A NEAT girl for second 4 work and sewing.
11S0 O'Farrell st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
n — ¦¦¦ —
TO-DAY. SUNDAY ....
TO-DAY. SUNDAY ..
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary st
Wanted — 500 men for new railroad work In
Nevada ...;.... $2 a day
Free Fare Free p are
C. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st.
ENERGETIC man wanted to handle a line of
medium and fine pocket books and fancy
leather goods or* commission- in conne-tion
with similar lines; they are especially suited
for fine retailers, as they range in rrlce
from ?9 per dozen up. Should have somo
knowledge of the goods to handle them «uc-
cessfully. In replying give age. experience
reference and territory proposed coverin~'
Pocket Books, box 537, Philadelphia. **"
TWO young men wanted to travel with medN
cine show who play either. banjo, mandolin
or guitar and sing several songs each; steady
wcrk and sure salary. Hudson Medical In-
etltute. 40 Eilla st., call at noon to-day
. - (Sunday). . , -, - _ * .
YOUNG man for entry clerk in wholesale
house; must write good hand and be quick at
figures: salary $20 to start Address, statin*
' ' references, box 3313. Call of flce-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUND AY, JANUARY; 19;/ 1902.
37
HELP WASTED— MALE—-Con.
A— HURRA Y & READY Pncne Main B848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. ;
Blacksmith, country shop *50 and found
Brick mason, country f»O and found
Catholic choreman, institution.. $25 and found
Milk "K-aron driver, city........ $25 and foun-1
Choreman for ranch. $30; 3 milkers. $S0 and
found; 12 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
£20 and $25 end found; farmer and wife; 10
tiemakers reduced railroad rates, virgin tim-
ber, new camp; 25 ¦« oodenoppers, $1 to $1 75
cord ... . J_JJJ_J* DEPARTMENT' V.V.V.V."
Chef and second cook, country hotel, $S0:
7 cooks, different places, city and country:
3 waiters, country: German waiter; kitchen
MURRAY/"—" READY*. 634-636* Clay *st
CITY and country drummer for established
printing house and bindery; steady employ-
ment; ealary and commission to "experienced
man controlling trade. Address, with refer-
ence, box S51S. CalL <»
WANTED — An experienced 5-oung man as
ealesTnan in boys' and children's clothing de-
partment; permanent position; stale experi-
ence, age, references. Address box 3572, Call.
MEN to distribute circulars, samples, tack
signs, etc.: no canvassing; good pay. A
Smith Advertising Assn,. Washington. D. c!
A TOITXG man of Jewish extraction pre-
ferred; well connected, ambitious and ener-
getic to act a* solicitor. Box 350L Ca'.l.
WANTED— Six solicitor*; gentlemen or ladles-
Mdary and com.; apply from :i to 5 p m'
Sunday. C T. TRIMBLE. 80S Folsom gt
¦WANTED — An experienced solicitor; can make
*200 per month 2 applications per Cay: 9 to
4. Examiner building, room 601.
"WANTED — A young man; must have expe-
rl , en 2£ 1°. '"Joth 111 * and furaisMns goods. Ap-
ply C2-66 Third et
WANTED — Men and women everywhere to
n-.eXe big raor.ey on a new preposition. 610
Montgomery tt, room 7.
S BOYS for general work. Apply California
Barrel Factory. 22d and Illinois Bts.
B ?Q^ :^7 A O >: rarrey i^ r ° la C1Othl °* Ren0 ~-
WANTED— Errand boy. A. BERBERT 4
BRO.. 1450 Market st.
A GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st
¦WANTED — First-class dishwasher. Apply after
6:30, restaurant. 206 McAllister et
COMPETENT solicitor; salary: good oppor-
tunlty for flm-elass man. Box S517, CalL
WASTED — Young man to work in cake Ehop.
SS6 Third Et
WANTED — Men now engaged in representing
wholesale tailoring firms and have been sue
cessful In the line; very largest wholesale
tailoring concern in V. S. will give such men
opportunity to make more money than they
era mmVjng at present: best sample equip-
ment, woolens on consignment, swatches.
«tc.. Trtll be furnished; branch Etores opened
without requiring investment of salesman;
E&larles guaranteed to rigbt parties; good
salesmen will find this their opportunity.
A, H. NICOLL. Lock Box C29. Chicago. 111.
CIVIL sen-ice Government position — 9SS9 ap-
pointments last year; probably 10,000 this
year; common school education required for
examination; catalogue free. Columbian Cor-
respondence College, Washington, D. C
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
MIKES AJTD MINING. . ...'
THE MONTEZUMA MDXING COMPANY
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY
Of WASHINGTON. .
SHARES ADVANCE FEBRUARY 10TH
SHARES ADVANCE FEBRUARY 10TH
SHARES ADVANCE FEBRUARY 10TH
To 32c cash or 37c on installments.
March 10tn there will be another advance,
and the Companey has decided to make the
price
APRIL 1ST— FIFTY CENTS A SHARE.
APRIL 1ST— FIFTY CENTS A SHARE.
APRIL 1ST— FIFTY CENTS A SHARE.
Shares are now 29c cash or 32c on install-
ments. Obviously money is to be saved in
buying now.
WHY THE ADVANCE IS MADE.
WHY THE ADVANCE IS MADE.
WHY THE ADVANCERS MADE.
The following letter from the Montezuma
Mining Company gives good reasons for the
advance in prices of shares:
-MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY.
"TACOMA. Wa«h.. Dec. 14, 1901.
"The American Guarantee & Trust Co.,
"328 Montgomery street,
"San i-'rancisco, Calif.
Gentlemen:
"We beg to announce that on April 1st,
1902. the shares of the Montezuma Mining
Company will be advanced to 50 cents, pay-
ment In all cases cash. No Installment con-
tracts will be authorized or accepted by the
Company upon any terms after the date
aforementioned. Meanwhile, a regular
monthly rise in values, to be duly an-
nounced, will be rnade- until April 1st. Our
agents are asked to note these facts and
.govern themselves accordinjly.
"It has all along been confidently asserted
by the management that the shares of the
Montezuma Mining Company have been
quoted far below their actual values. The
increased prices, named above, are the best
guarantee" that we can give of our faith in the
above dictum often repeated to our agents.
The Company is now quite beyond the devel-
opment stage. It has the means requisite to
place its mining operations upon a paying
basis, as we believe. Of course, this state-
ment does not include the larger plans of the
Company, embracing the erection of coal
bunkers at Seattle. Tacoma and San Fran-
Cisco, and coke ovens at the latter point;
Improvements that must. It they are made,
come through additional sales of stock It
Is enough, for the present to say that by
April 1st the improvements the company
now have In hand will be complete and upon
an eminently profitable basis.
"If our hopes are realized, as we have
every confidence they will be, our shares
after April 1st will be sought after at a
price much beyond the figure we have
named. This is the argument and reason
Tor the sharp advance in price, named above.
•Our agents are asked to be guided strictly
by the facts. Monthly price notices will be
issued as usual, and the monthly letter of
the president will give yourselves and clients
full Information as to the progress made in
the several enterprises in which ' the Com-
pany is interested.
••1'ours faithfully,
MONTEZL'MA MINING COMPANY.
E. M. S. .
SHARES MAY SOON BE WITHDRAWN.
SHARES MAY SOON BE WITHDRAWN.
SHARES MAY SOON BE WITHDRAWN. .
A letter just received from the Company
says money is coming in rapidly, and that
eomo of the Directors favor the early with-
drawal of shares from the market.
We ask our correspondents to govern them-
selves accordingly. - We know these shares
¦ IfOST AND Fflnpyi»~-^ip^nned. . ¦
LOST— Wednesday, Jan. 15, 1902, about 4 p.m.,
on east side along Kearny st., from Hardie
place, to Bush, to Montgomery, to Occidental
Hotel, small roll of gold notes. Finder liber-
ally rewarded at L. A. GIACOBBI'S. 216
Kearny st. . •
LOST— Diamond studded fob, watch attached,
in the vicinity of Hotel Mateo, San Mateo.
Liberal reward on communication to . box
. 2837. Call of flee.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of DORA BOHLKEN; No. 208-167.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pair gold-rlmmed spectacles on Sacra-
mento st from Lyon to Fillmore; reward.
3102% California at. .-- .-
FOUND — Small gold watch; engraved M. E. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. Yosemlte House.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Ca, 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold nnd silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES ¦ AXO PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and ¦ consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all,
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
i treated; relief to th* longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market at, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
' teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. • 410 O'Karrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies* physician, hat
returned from the East and resumed business;
' home in confinement 112 Mason st., formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave. •
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician : 25
years' successful experience In S. ¦ F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st, S..F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles*
. . specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES. ' consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 122$ Market st. ; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama St., nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10 ;a void delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
ON account of removal will sell lot of Golden
. Wyandottes, won first awards in Oakland,
Fresno and State show; unable to fill orders
for eggs last season at $2 SO per dozen. Ap-
ply O. T. NOBMAN, 1727 Broadway, Ala-
meda, Cal.
FOR sale, or in trade for laying hens, some
flne brown Leghorn, white Leghorn and
barred Plymouth Rock roosters, 1 and 2 yrs.
\ MO*fEY . TO LO AIT— -Continued.
ON furniture,, pianos; 6no2 removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
; age; reliable party. 117O Market st. room 68.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r.' 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on'ncte wlth-
- out Indorser." MORRELL, 609 Examiner, bldg.
3% ON furniture " and pianos; $15 up; no . re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 ud on furniture, oianos: no com. ; private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 0 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead. -.. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries, • N." Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture,' pianos: lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister et. ¦
IF you want a home I will loan you money, to
' buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
ON salaries without indorser;. other N proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Aftency, 14. 1 } Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no. indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. :;09 Phelan bldg.
. MOXEY WA XTE _P^ _ ; ; ,._;¦ ."
$12,000 WANTED at 0 per cent per year on
- good city property ; private parties. Box
3571. Call of lice. ... .- .
$2000 OR $3000 wanted on : Second, mortgage.
Box 2859. Call office. •: ' . ¦¦-. ¦
MUSICAL Ix^£ l y J ?? ENTS - ' :
AOAIN we remind you that our j piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from.- New pianos Bold upon
easy payments' of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, "corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.,- San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth Bt., Oakland..
gOHMER & CO. Planosr "
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos. .
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS. • N; '-- ¦¦ ¦-
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— . * ¦
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEN J. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
& Hamlln, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited! if purchased;
installments $3 up: big * allowance for old
pianos; bargains $25. up in Steinways, Heine,
Chickering, etc. Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary et. ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $85; six-octave
Mason & Hamlln organ, $35; Steinway
square. $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275; Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND, Agents.
ANY piano sola by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase ' price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
at. : established 1850.
WE have pianos to show you during the spe-
cial sale of this month that will cost you
very ll£tle In - comparison with their real
value; it is money in your pocket to take ad-
PARTIES "giving us information of my ion, C
E. KOHL, shall be amply rewarded. JOHN
V KOHL.. Jefferson, :Wls. . .
Marriage paper ! containing . hundreds ' of "per-
sonal" advs. , of marriageable people, many
rich, mail free. J. W., Gunnels. Toledo. Ohio.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; .roots killed;
harmless; made at home; formula 25c silver.
. ' MRS.. FINLEY, Campbell. Santa Clara Co.
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth st, room
,11; call after 7 p. m. .- •¦
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
- stones; antiques and curios bought. The Old
: Curiosity Store,/ 118 Geary st Nat Raphael.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. " $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton gt.. near Broadway.
I ONLY carry the " best switches, free , from
dyed hair. SI. SI 50: hair dressing, 25c. U.
LEDERER.' 123 Stockton st.
FORTUNE told ' from cradle to grave; send
. dime and birthday. . J. MYERS. 105. Lincoln
J Park station, Chicago. ¦ - - ¦"¦-¦.¦¦¦'-
I WANT at once some old sealskins and will
pay cash and good prices. Address at once
* box 1205. Call. . y
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Bj Dr.G.S.Moorp.:!X2 O'Farrell ;gend for circular.
SKATING rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavil-
: Ion; open afternoons & even'gs; 10c; L. free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
THE A'VIDA COMPANY permanently cures
stomach trouble. 7G3 Valencia st., cor. 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. P.AY, 457 Minna st.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 2"k\ All- druggist*. . :
Mrs.- Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 0(58 Sutter;te!.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and males destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLINO. 407B Hyde.
SUPF.RFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed. 1
MRS. ALLIE M.-NUNN. 1002V1 Dolores st.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fer?htand. 126 Kearny st., rm.29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 1X1 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 2C O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 N>: dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.-
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
.the beet corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
v PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
A^DRT"OLIVE~GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st. ; hours 10 to 8. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELLi — Office and residence,
1021% Market st, bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason. nr.EUla.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and ivory turning, planing, shaping
REAL ; . ESTATE-- CITY— B*OR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; •
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION AUCTION - .AUCTION
AUCTION . AUCTION. AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION
AUCTION - AUCTION . AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION AUCT J°2L
At our salesroom. MONDAY, January 20, 1902,
at 12 o'clock noon. . . . •
~ REFEREE SALE. ' •
The following piece to be offered by order
of Gustav H. Umbsen. sole referee. Subject
to confirmation by the court: • __
No. 4373 Twenty-fourth St.," SB. cor. Hoff-
man ave.; well-built cottage of 6 rooms, wltn
stable in rear; windmill, etc.; cars pass the
door; lot 65x100.
LAMBERT ESTATE.
• - Administrator Sale. __ -_.
No. 106S-1O7O Howard st- and No.. 577-B79
Natoma st..- bet.- 6th and 7th; Improvements
consist of 2 stpres. 3 flats of 4 .rooms each and
2 lodging-houses of 14 and 19 rooms each;
rents $1092 per annum.
This property Is only 2 blocks from Market
strand 1 block from the new Postofflce: lot
50x105. Irregular. Subject to confirmation by
the court. • . . , - .
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
" No. 412 Taylor st. bet. O'Farrell and Geary:
good substantial improvements; consist of 3
flats of 7-8 rooms and bath each; rents $118
per month; lot 25x87:0. .
. BRANNAN-STREET ! INVESTMENT.
? Xo. 432-434 Brannan st. and No. 1-3 Freelon
at., -bet 3d and 4th; substantial Improvements
consist of store and 3 rooms, 2 flats of 7 rooms
and bath and 2 houses of 7 rooms each; rents
$85 per month; lot 35x160; 3 frontages. '¦¦
- ¦ PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
¦ No. 1815 Broadway, bet. Gough and Octavia
sts.; an elegant residence consisting of • 22
rooms and bath: in perfect order; surrounded
by desirable residences; large lot; ample sun;
lot 42:9x120: terms very easy. . •
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 2422 Clay st, north side, near Fillmore:
modern bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; in perfect order; lot 25x90; bank mort-
gage of S-K'.OO at C per cent can remain.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
No.. 2308'i Howard St., near 19th; 2-story
building consisting of store and" 3 rooms and
bay-window flat of 5 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.: rents $28 per month; lot
21:10Vix75:6. • -
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Xo. 104-1 CO San Carlos ave.. bet. Mission
and Valencia, 18th and 10th sts.; -2 dwellings
of 0 rooms each; rents $26 per month; brick
foundation, etc.: lot 25x80. •
PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 13S5 Pacific st. near Hyde; frame build-
ing occupied as Chinese laundry, under lease;
rent $25 per month; tenant pays water and
makes all repairs: lot 22:6x65.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 3537 Twenty-second st., near Dolores;
cottage. of 5 rooms; nicely located and shel-
tered from winds and fogs; cars pass the door;
lot 25x100.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
No. 2763 Octavia St., near Union; good cot-
tage of 6" rooms; street bltuminized and ac-
cepted by the city, lot 31x72.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
. : ¦ 14 Montgomery st.
G. , H. UMBSEN & CO., ! '
¦14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE.
$41,000— Rents *245 50 per month; choice cor-
ner* on Flllmore st: improvements
consist of store and flat; 62:6 .fee/
front. ,
$27.000 — Rents $185 per month: Sutter St., this
side of Larkin: 3 substantial houses
of 8 rooms and bath each, and 4 rear
houses of 3 and 5 rooms and bath
each; all in perfect repair; large lot,
REAX ESTATE— CITY— FOR - 8AXJa
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET
NEW PROPERTTES.
$2,700— Price reduced from $3000: owner anx>
ions to sell; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x110; Colllngwood st, neai
Twentieth.
$2,250 — Rents $17 per month: double cottagt
of 4 rooms each; lot 25x80; Bryant at,
$3.500 — San Jose ave.: cottage of S rooms an4
bath; lot 27x97; street work done.
$3.600— Guerrero st, near Twentieth; splendid
house of 8 rooms and bath; rents $27 U
per month; lot 25x100.
$9,000 — Incoms $72 per month; Terbsv Buena
at., near Sacramento and Taylor; Io4
46:6x80; 4 flats of 6 rooms and batb
each.
$12,500— Scott St.: Income $102 50 per month i
lot 55x137:6; 2 separate dwellings and
».' 2 flats; improvements in good condi-
tion.
$6,000 — Downtown Inside property, on Larkla
st. with 2-story residence; lot 301
137:6; Just the place to build 3 swell
flats.
$7,000 — Clayton st, not far from the Park. 3
very choice well-built flats: nothlnsj
better on the market; lot 25x125; rent*
$830 a year; this Is a very desirable
purchase.
$12,000 — Price reduced from $13,500; prominent
northeast business corner, on Haight
at.: lot 25x100; store- and rooms below;
2 sunny bay-window flats above: renti
$1080 per annum; never vacant, a*
rents are very low and can ba easily
Increased.
BALDWIN" A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
EXCELS anything In building sites
See and Judge for yourself..
...Your own terms; monthly Installments,..
..Home lots In blocks fronting O. G. Park..
17th. ISth, 19th and 20th aves., H and I sts.
..Opposite Strawberry Hill and new park..
Entrance on H st. and 19th ave. boulevard.
ELECTRIC CARS PASS THE PROPKKTT,
Lots and streets on official grades, ready f oi
building .,
Gas and water Plank sidewalk*
Welsbach street lamps
...Superior residences and Improvements...
Better class of property
Call at once at branch office, cor. H st anj
Ninth ave. (open week days, Sundays and
holidays), south of Golden Gate Park; horsf
and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELI*
10 Montgomery st.
FORECJLOSTJRE BALE.
$400 cash. $1200 can remain on mortgage, 1
choice building: lots on Twenty-fourth st,
near Diamond, 26x114 feet each; must b«
sold; suitable for a builder. Apply to BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st. opp. Mills bldg.
New Modern Downtown Flats— 8 new mod.
ern flats, elegant In detail, marble steps, elec,
trio lights, eta: nothing finer In city; prtc#
$14,500; rents $1410.
Handsome ' Modern Residence — !*_»• lax?*
north corner on California si; 80-foot frontage;
12 rooms and bath, bllllard-room, etc I cost
character, between the ages of 21 and S5; not
less than S feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to epesk and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
"WANTED — Bright young man from 17 to 20
years of age; must be good at figures; etate
age and salary expected. Box 2S64. Call.
WANTED — Person In each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses;
inclose eclf-addreseed stamped envelop?.
Manager, 329 Oaxton blfig, Chicago.
LIFE chance for a eober, steady, trustworthy
young man as partner In groceries, fruit, veg-
etables, candies, nuts, cigars and tobacco
etore; best location in Oakland; $375 re-
Qulred: positively a bargain to suitable par-
ty. 775 Washington gt.. cor. 5th, Oakland.
BARBERS, attention; for sale^ — one of the best
paying barber shops and bath in the city,
price $2750; only party with above amount
need apply. Box 2SS1. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man f. PERSON
room 412, Parrott bnilcilng.
TWO assistants. Inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
ver University of Physical Culture. 1327 Mar-
ket gt. .
WANTED — First class card writer. Box 2844
Call office.
SVANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
- Apply bet S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
2-CHAIR barber ehop for sale cheap. 1119A
Folsom st
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr ehop. near city.
EECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED^ — A competent qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; Etr.te salary and where employed. Box
2279. Call office.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
ottalorne mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Log Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
ttat Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, etlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
UEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. CSS Clay st
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission St.. bet let and 2d ste.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for eale: 50c up. 241 Third st
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-band army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c op. »23 Howard st. nr.Sth.
PENSION atty.. E. A, Bullis, 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
SAILORS ordinary, for chips for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st
GET ycur shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to f>0c 5C3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office,. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES Avn iv»nn\(!
to be, for the price, the best on the market.
FOR PURE INVESTMENT.
FOR PURE INVESTMENT.
FOR PURE INVESTMENT.
Those of our friends, and others who are
familiar with the progress of Montezuma
matters, and who cannot afford to pay cash
for any considerable quantity of shares, are
invited to write us for easy Installment
terms that make it possible for them, by
the expenditure of a few dollars monthly,
to secure a goodly holding of shares that
are paying regular quarterly dividends of
increasing amount. Prospectus and fullest
possible information on application.
RELLVBLE NEWS FROM THE MINES.
RELIABLE NEWS FROM THE MINES.
RELIABLE NEWS FROM THE MINES.
The Washington "Journal of Mining"
publishes Interesting news of our mines ana
others of the district, as follows;
"In the year 1901 all records have been
broken in regard to the amount of devel-
opment work done in mines. Especially is
this true of the development of copper, gold,
silver and coal properties, which has taken
place in the Carbon River Mining District
and the Tahoma Mining District.' In the
Carbon River Mining District a location hae
been made for a railroad running from Mon-
tezuma to the Surprise mines, the Chicago
group, belonging to the Montezuma Mining
Company, the Leola mines and the Copper
King mines, that will benefit a score of
other properties on which work is . belnn
done. The right of way of this road through
the forest reserve has been eranted by the
Government to the Washington Co-opera-
tive Mining Syndicate. The tunnel of the
Leola Mining Company, 725 feet long, has
been leased to the Washington Co-operative
Mining Syndicate, who have installed com-
pressed air machinery, and have iet a con-
tract for 400 feet of entry which is to con-
nect this tunnel with their Surprise group of.
veins at a perpendicular depth of 300 feet
below their present working. This tunnel Is
being pushed by night and day ehifts and
will soon cross the mother lode, which in
turn -will tap the Surprise and Guiley veins,
thus putting 'in Eight an immense quantity
of ore. • ¦
"The Copper King group of mines is sit-
uated north of the Surprise group. This com-
pany, during the present season, extended
the trails to the location at which they are
developing the ore, and have erected houses,
stables and other necessary quarters, aruj
will undoubtedly make a great showing dur-
ing the coming year.
"In the Tahoma District a great deal of
money has been expended by the Montezuma
Mining Company and the Washington Co-
operative Mining Syndicate In perfecting a
Bret-class trail to their mines situated on
\ht Mowich River, fifteen miles from Monte-
zuma. The Montezuroa Mining Company
has lr stalled on the Tahoma group of mines
a compressed air plant, which was attended
-with a great deal of difficulty, as the lum-
ber all had to be whipsawed from Alaska
cedar at a high altitude, and the machinery
had to be packed In, and some portions
which were heavy snaked in over the trail,
but the plant Is now running and develop-
ment work "will be very "• rapid. This' com-
pany has already driven 250 feet of entry on
the large veins of chalcopyrite ore, and they
are now running- another on the same vein
150 feet below the first entry. As their ore
in the upper entry ran from six to seven-
teen feet wide, with values ranging from
J25 to $125 per ton, this lower entry will
put in sight by spring a vast quantity of
ore which beyond question will warrant the
building of an electric railroad for its
transportation.
"The Montezuma Mining Company are
opening a large coal mine at Montezuma.
and are shipping coal. The coal measures
they are developing are geologically the old-
est that have been developed in the State,
and a test of this coal made by the quar-
old; also wire netting, gates ana posts. Ai±ts.
C. E. HALLIDAY, 1511 Stuart St., Berkeley.
ART square carpet; cost $40; never used; price
?20.
BUGGY; used 3 months; elegant: half cost.
Sales and exchange and sale office, room
321, Phelan building. . ¦ .
PHYSICIAN and surgeon's of flees (3); ele-
. gantly furnished; also latest surgical instru-
ments and electrical appliances, X ray. etc.;
call to-day, 9 to 1, 2 to 5; must be sold at
once. 305 Larkln St., rooms 63 and 64.
TEN gas engines, 2 to 30 H. P.; flne condition;
woodworking machinery, electric motors,
some shopworn lathes, steam and power
pumps. BURTON, 44-46 Main St., S. F.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
ete. WHITELAW; 253-255 Spear st.
WALLPAPER 3c. worth 10c; paperhanging,
painting. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st; tel.
Jackson 1321. *
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
PRIVATE sale of paintings of Hawaii on Koa
wood plaques; cheap and beautiful; $5 to
$15 apiece. Box 3593, Call office.
FOR sale — 2000 trees; Mun Peach, Lovell
Peach, Royal Apricots, Almond trees; cheap.
H. C. TREAT, Concord, Cal.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. IL
S. WHITE, 616-520 Mission st •
VERY finest quality sealskin,- bust S6, for
$110 cash; same as new coat, $250. Box
2973, Call clfice.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
st., upstairs. =
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 830 Kparny St., near Pine.
FINE- suits.' $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery Bt.
GEM pans for school. 2 for 5c. GITSHAM'S,
905 Valencia, 2946 Mission.
BUFF Leghorn eggs for hatching. 128 Valley
st, near Church. *
RARE talking sliver gray African parrot, with
cage; beautiful bird; $50. 1019 Sutter st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
PRINTING plant; good as new; cost $4000 to
$5000; price $2000; low rent. 514 Pine; 10-12.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815. worth $250, only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 60. Port-
. land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined, $3.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton et.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers"; second-hand machinery.
. JJ BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES — New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MAN-SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought. Eold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
vantage of this offer. 'THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
$147 WILL buy a good new piano during our
clearance sale at 933 Market st. ;• second-hand
pianos, $35 up. THE WILEY B. ALLEN
COMPANY. "
A — PIANO, left on sale for lack of space, will
rent, store or sell; no reasonable- cash, offer
refused. 217 Geary st, room 3C. »
A— $750 STEINWAY upright piano, nearly
new; will sell at half price for cash. Ad-
dress box 3505, Call office.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
NEW piano sold at sacrifice; taken for debt
Apply 108 Oak st.
100 NEW pianos $3 a month; money allowed on
• purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PIANO, pianola and music left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. • 217 Geary st-
PRIVATE party will sacrifice account death
handsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes st
$175— A RARE chance; flne upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st.,' next Hlbernia Bank.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, rold -and new.- H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S;: 22 Turk st; near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
NEW HYGIENIC TREATMENT.
DR ALICE j! PRATHER, late of New York,
has permanently located at 607 Van Ness
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4: phone Polk 1421.
OIL. .
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOURTH, 303% — Store and basement to let;
suitable for hardware store. Apply J. DE-
MARTINI, 317 Washington st. .
EMMA Spreckels building, 927 Market st— ON
flees with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
STORE; suitable for restaurant or clojhlng.
714 Kearny st., near Hall of Justice.
GEARY, 363, near Powell — Elegantly furnished
suite. - -•¦'¦¦
HANDSOME large store; very reasonable. 328
Pacific St.. near Sansome.
PALMISTRY. ~ !
DON'T fall to read SIR HENRY PRI-
CHARD'S large ad on page 24. ;
MRS. ALDRIDGE, celebrated palmist; children
specialty. 1010 Larkln; no sign; read, dally.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
. PERSONALS.
and sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
THE CHOICEST BODY
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
. 3660 Acres.
No waste soli.
2800 acres under cultivation.
Remainder will be.
Net rental. $5 to $7 per acre.
One and a half hours
From San Francisco ;
By rail or water.
" For sale ¦
As a whole
i On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable
parties.
-McAFEE BROTHERS,
- • ' t 108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
VILLA SITES ~~~
In the heart
of the'
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS.
San Mateo. - -
• In view of the great demand for building
sites In El Cerrito we have been instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale
the choicest portions of • the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms one- third cash, balance in one and
two • years. - . .
.' McAFEB BROTHERS,
; .' ,108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERsT ~~
SAN MATEO.
FAIR OAKS.
. . MENLO PARK, :
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and
homes in these beautiful places; also some
handsomely furnished houses for rent.)
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush hay-
Ing had forty years' knowledge and experience
of the value of lands and being the owner of
an income producing orchard and vineyard, can
intelligently direct intending buyers to the best
lands and bargains In the State.
. 'DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st.
MUST be sold at once, as I am leaving the-
State permanently and the sale of this ranch
is the only thing that detains me, conse-
quently will sell at great sacrifice; any one
wanting a good income home will do him-
. self a world of good by giving this his im-
H mediate attention, for I am looking for first
1 money; the ranch consists of about 16 acres
of the best land in the State; dark red soil,
j perfectly, level and 10 feet deep; free water
right; located right in the town of Center-
¦ ville, Fresno County, Cal.; 8% acres bearing
oranges and lemons, 2 acres prunes, full
, bearing small vineyard, 1 acre flne assorted
fruits; the rest: of the land flne garden or
truck land; dwelling of 9 rooms (2-story),
with large shade trees that meet over gie
house; bunkhouse, lemon-house, store-
: house; large- barn and other outbuildings,
flne garden, fenced with pickets; place all
,:- fenced and ditched; bordered with orna-
mental trees; 2 good mills - with pumps;
oi :dx.uw :o. • • •
$20,000— Rents $150 per month: Hayes st. near
¦ - Octavia; building consists of store and
4 flats 25x120; 2 frontages.
$17,000 — Rents S16S. per month; near 16th ani
Mission 8ts. ; 12 cosy flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each ; steadily rented
• and In perfect repair: street bltumin-
ized; large lot. 135 feet front
$14,000 — Rents $115 per month; Hyde st, near
. Sutter; 3 modern flats of 6. B and 7
.. ¦•¦:. rooms and bath, each; 25x87:8; 2 front-
ages.
$12,000 — Rents ?65 per month, which are low:
Post st, near Taylor; 2-story and
basement residence j of 9 rooms and
« bath, and 2 flats on rear street; 2
frontages.
$11,250 — Rents ?S« per month; Hyde st, near
Sutter; 3 new bay window flats, stead-
ily rented to desirable tenants.
$10,000— Rents S07 50 per month; Broderidk
et, near Park; 3 new bay window
fiats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
25x100.
$9,500 — Jackson st. near Webster; a well
built • two-story residence of 10 rooms
and bath, brick foundation, etc.;. this
is a very desirable residence location;
large lot, 30x117:6.
$8,500 — Rents $71 per month; Vallejo St., close
to ' Van Ness ave. ; 3 modern flats of
6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; brick <
foundation, etc.; 25x122:6; two front-
ages.
$8,100 — Rents $70 per month; Ashbury st.,
near Park; 3 new flats, bay. windows.
¦ brick foundation, etc. r steadily rented;
25x100:6. . •- ,
$7,500 — Rent $70; desirable corner in Mission:
improvements .consist of store and 4
. flats; all in perfect order and steadily
-• rented. •
$6,500— Rents $15 per month; Oak st., near
Fillmore; 2 substantial , flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath each;, brick founda-
tion, etc. ; 25x87:6. ; - ' ....
$5,700 — Rents $45 per month: 19th st., near
" Guerrero: 2 modern flats, bay win-
dows, brick foundation; 27:6x100. .
$5,250 — Rents $55 per. month: 19th st. near
Mission; 2 desirable fiats and double
house of 6 rooms and bath each; large
lot, 50 feet front.
$4,500 — Rents $3:1 per month; Post st., near
Devisadero; 2 -flats and rear .cottage,
in perfect ' order and steadily rented;
25x137:6.
$4,100 — Rents $32 per month; Diamond St..
near 10th; 2 well built flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath each with stable in
rear; driveway, etc.; 27:6x125.
$3,000 — Rents $35 per month; 23d -st store and
flat of 5 rooms and- bath; lot 25x114;
this is a snap. ""
$2,000 — Rents $18 per month; Army St.; 2 well
built flats of 4 rooms and bath each,
brick foundation, etc.; terms easy;
make offer.
$2,250 — Hampshire st, near. 20th: cottage of
5 rooms and bath, in good order; 2^x
100; easy terms.
Call or send for our Real Estate Record.
• containing a list of properties for sale In all
. parts of the city.
Latest ¦ pocket map of San Francisco, 25c.
• G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
.: - Real Estate.
114 Montgomery st .
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property. •
624 MARKET ST. ' 1
$45,000 — Choice hotei. containing 85 .rooms.
stores below, on the southeast corner of Cali-
fornia st, near Larkin; lot 70xS7:6 feet; rents
$300 per month.
$20.000— Lot on City Hall ave.. near City
Hall square; size 50x100 feet.
. $16,000 — Three choice modern flats on . Oc-
tavia st., near Geary, containing 7 and 8
rooms and bath each; lot 25x110; rents $130
over ?2U,uuu. dui pressing oeeu i« mwcj
forces the price down to $14,500.
New and Handsome Western Addition Flats— ?
Three tine well-built flats of 7 rooms and bath)
light and sunny rooms; large lot; a chance t«
get a handsome Income of $1280 for $10,500.
Presidio Heights — New, elegant residence oJ
10 rooms and bath: large lot, 35x100; hous«
detached, giving sun and light In every roomi
price only $3500; this is a snap.
Park Panhandle Residence — Handsome mod>
ern residence of 9 rooms and bath and base*
ment: very conveniently arranged and close t«
the Panhandle; amidst elegant modern rest,
dences.
Richmond Flats— Two well-built .Cats of 1
and tt rooms and bath; modern; lot 23x120 feetj
rents $432. and the price $4000.
Near corner Kearny and Bush, sts., price,
$3500 — House. 12 rooms and bath. In first -claaj
condition: on small street; must b« sold this
week: owner non-resident; choice piece of In-
side property.
To Close an Estate— Two large, well-built,
handsome residences on north side of best
street. Western Addition; lot 55x110 1 forced saU
to liquidate debts; price $11,500.
Three handsome- modern flata on large lot;
26-foot frontage: unobstructed marine vlewj
6 7 7 rooms and bath; rents $1213; prlc«
$11,000.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st. opp. Mills bid*.
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents,
112 Montgomery st.
$77,500 — Bush st, not far from Kearny: wa
are now constructing an elegant 4-
story brick building, which when com-
pleted will be worth $100,000, and will
contain a store 100 rooms. 23 baths,
elevator and all the very latest mod-
ern Improvements: it is now under a
10-year guaranteed lease at $6600 per
annum.
$75,000 — Sutter st; corner lot 75x137:6; well-
improved stores and flats; rents $4250
per annum.
$37,500 — Polk St.: 75 feet frontage; stores and
flats; flne Income property; well
rented.
$37,500 — Van Ness ave. corner iarestment.
near McAllister st.; 50x100; residence
and flats; this property will sell for
$1000v per front foot In the near fu-
ture: is now covered with good Im-
provements and well rented.
$35,000 — Downtown business investment, neai
Kearny st. ;¦ lot 43:9x93:6; 3-story
brick building; pays $2400 per annum;
under lease.
$25,000 — Franklin at.; 105 feet front; not fai
from Market st: flats paying good In-
come; a flne row of houses paying
well, with a large parcel of land fully
worth $30.C0O: such holdings are
scarce; must be sold to satisfy lega-
cies.
$19,000 — Rents $10S0; an elegant large corner
37:6x100, covered by new buildings,
consisting of flats; all the) latest mod-
ern improvements and a large store;
this property is never idle; a rare op-
portunity to secure a good investment
$14,000— Clay at; 2 houses. 8 rooms and bath
each; lot 56:6x137:6; near Devlsa-
dero st.
$13,500 — Eddy st.. near Gough: large residence
and lot 37:9x120 to rear street.
$13,500 — Vallejo and Fillmore sts.; grand cor*
ner lot, commanding an unobstructed
marine view; 40x137:8.
$9,000 — Callforoia-st residence, near Larkin}
9 rooms and bath; lot 25x87 :6b
$6,000 — Fillmore st. : new cottage, 8 rooms and
bath; lot 37:6x81; grand marine- view.
$4,500 — Vallejo-st. lets, near Flllmore; 27:6a
FINE black team; roadsters; about 16 hands.
Brown pacer; fast; about 16 hands.
Bay trotter; faet; about 15 hands.
Kay trotter; make flne family horse; pair
Mhite ponies, 14 hands; will sell cheap; must
«=cll by 21 st. Can be eeen Van Ness Board-
lng Stable. M0 Van Ness ave.
AUCTION sale. Monday. Jan. 20; 40 head
heavy wagon and livery horses at 11:30
il m. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 and 723
Howard et
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer
FOR Bale — Five high-class carriage teams 2100
to 2600 lbs each; also fieveral flne stylish
roadsters. GEO. A. DAVIS. Pleasanton, Cal"
FOR eale — An old established liven' stable
wagons, buggies, harness, etc.; good business'
rent cheap; owner sick. Box 3580. Call office.
FOR sale — At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st. 6
cheap work horses, 4 sound horses, weight
1200; fine Surrey horses.
DRUMMERS' cample gloves for eale at
HEINEMAX'S. 109 Sansome st
A BARGAIN In cood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1030, near Laguna— Eight rooms.
bath; flne marine view; rent $42 60.
COMFORTABLE 4-room house; rent $12. 209
Hickory ave.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
ifEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day;
large basement yard. Portola. off Waller.
l>ct. Pierce and Btelncr. Inquire 63 Portola.
HOUSES WANTED.
A— SUNNY furnished house In the Mission, 7
rooms; moderate rental. Box 2899. Call.
HYGIEJTIQ HAIR. TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
i &£$&&?££•£* ***' HARTLAND.
MA CHI MS WORKS.
EN . E J.S N Ma <* lne Works . 415% Sacramento st.
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MA.TRIMONIAX.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
tell** send 10a lor list Un. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
termaster general of the United States Army
shows that it is the best coal mined either
in Washington or British Columbia. This
company Is installing a plant of one hundred
coke ovens. The Northwest Improvement
Company are opening large mines three miles
down the Carbon River from Montezuma and
are already shipping coal; they, too, are
erecting a large number of. coke ovens. At
Fairfax, the. Western American Company
have increased their slant of coke ovens
during the year to slxty-flve. The Carbon
CoaV Comrjany of Carbonado have erected
eeventv-flve coke ovens. The Wilkinson Coal
Company of Wilkeson have erected fifty ad-
ditional ovens, which will pive them 100.
"As a summary, the mining interests of
Pierce County have been fully doubled dur-
ing- the present year."
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
The CoDDer King group referred to is
traversed its entire north and south dimen-
sions by the big "Sumrise" vein of copper,
pold and silver. Shares of the Company
find a ready eale with us. The price. Is 5c
cash and 6c on Installments for a' short
time.
MONEY-MAKF.RS.
MONEY-MAKERS.
MONEY-MAKERS.
These rich Washington mines will make
money for the holders of their shares. Thou-
sands of Callfornians are interested in them.
The reader will find it worth his while to
call at our office for examination of maps,
photographs, epecimens of , ore, coal and'
coke. Write if you c.annot call, i Address
the sell In? asrente.
The AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO
328 Montgomery st.
San Francisco, Calif. |
FOR Sale — 100 shares Montezuma stock (Wnsh-
lngton), 25c a share net cash. Box 3599, Call. .
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner blc. R.
F.; branch office, Nome, Alaska, season 1902.
LOST AXD POUXD.
LOST — On Friday evening at the Camera Club
entertainment an umbrella with gold em-
boesed handle. Please return to owner at 53
Noe St.; reward. ¦ ;.,
DISAPPEARED — From entrance to Free Pub-
lic Library, a lady's Tribune bicycle. Reward
If returned 107 Mission ; . no questions asked.
LOST on Geary, near Jones, between 5 and 6
o'clock, a steel purse. Finder return to 637
Geary st and receive reward. • :
LOST— A P. N. G. Rebekah pin. Friendship
211 on bar. Finder return to 437 Golden
; Gate a-ve. : reward. - . . \
REWARD for return of small blaok cocker
spaniel; license No. 3471. 2505 Gough st.
LOST — Gold shooting medal, Co. A, 1st. Reg.
Inf. Return to 120 Second st.; reward. -
LOST — Pair gold-rimmed spectacles on Sacra-
xxierito et., from Lyon. to Flllmore; reward.
8102tf California it. r: . . v
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD * BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
SECOND-HAND gas fixtures and mantels
wanted. Address A. B., box 2876, Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2851.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HEBMAir^VRPHYT^^^i&mintr^bunSinif.
$4,600,000 at lowest rates
...... on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need' Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 003 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
. $300,000 at S',4 & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
. City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securl-
¦ tics; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
. chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
M ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. » - "
First, second and third mortgages
" Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought;. no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R McCOLGAN...............
...24 Montgomery et, room 3...
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and i third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLK corporation established in 1863;
proper place to ¦ borrow money on diamonds
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt; tel. Black 5471..
ANY amount lowest rate, on furniture, piano
or household goods, without removal; confl-
. dential. ORMSBY, 26 Montgomery st, op-
posite Lick House.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
. liberal . advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest ;- rates. ¦ Baldwin Jewelry > Store. 846
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.i by private
.party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. ¦- Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 927 Market, room 813.
ARRIVED— Ladies. don"t look old; Dr. N. De
SAVOYSKY of Paris, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Verite
Parlors and instruct you how to acquire and
preserve health, youth: and ! beauty; after
years of study is able to give electrical treat-
ment for deep wrinkles that excels anything
ever given in this country; electrolysis with
modern European method clears the face of
all blemishes without pain or scar; flesh re-
duced; no dieting: no exercise; phone How-
/ard 18C1. 1140 Market st.. opposite Hale's.
ABOUT your, hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop
falling and grow new hair. The Star. Hair
Remedy is, superior to all other tonics and
restoratives. It is clean and healthful, Is not
gummy or sticky; no grease, no stain; never
fails. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our
office. 385 Geary st, The Star Remedy Co.
A HOT OFFER— MASTEN, THE TAILOR,
701 Geary, st, cor.' Leavenworth; phone Lar-
kln 1016; any suit or overcoat in the store to
order for $20; no more, no less; any style:
send for samples; suit3 pressed 60c; ladies'
and gents' garments remodeled; goods called
for and delivered free of charge.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $5 all-
wool pants; it's what you get for what you
pay. They are world-beaters; best value on
. earth; made to order. MASTEN, The Tailor,
701 Geary st, corner Leavenworth.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
•\st, between Seventh and Eighth.. , • ¦
A REFINED widow, 29, wishes the acquaint-
ance of a gentleman of means ;• object mat-
.- rimony ;. references exchanged. Box 3583
.Call office. '•-.;•¦ - .;,¦ j '
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
. Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms-
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The. Designer now ready. J. w. EVANS
; Domestic office, 1021 Market st, near Sixth.
RAG carpets , wove : to order and for sale ; also
. . ¦- chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
•carpet twine, -. in . hank or chain, at lowest
" rates. Geo. Matthews, 700 Fifth. Oakland.
SUPERFLUOUS - hair and moles permanently
removed by electric needle; guaranteed wlth-
; out pain or . scars. . MRS. M. HARRIS 426
Sutter St.; hours 9 to 4. ..<¦.¦•*.';¦• "
LIQUOR and tobacco habit cured secretly with-
out patient's knowledge; formula for either
- 25o silver. MRS. FINLEY, Campbell, Santa
Clara Co..' Cal. . ¦ . -¦¦¦¦>¦<.'
A — WHAT do -i you think? ; O. BERMAN 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each*
;¦ same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns."
A— MAY McMILLIN has charge of halrdress-
lng department at La ; Verite Parlors, 1140
.; Market, opp. Hale's; tel. Folsom 446. . r; ,
ADOPTION— Fine, healthy baby; married
.couple without children -preferred; '$500 cash
with baby. Box 2819. Cam ¦ 9 T7- c *" b
' stable: good corrals and sheds. This will
certainly bear the fullest investigation; it
Is a, genuine enap for ( the right man and
must be sold at once; no reasonable cash offer
refused; price $4500: $2500 cash, balance to
suit; no agents; write or see owner. JAS.
KILGORE. Fresno, Cal.
$3 AN acre — 1600 acres; stock ranch; good
house and barn; on railroad; farming land
for hay; 10 miles from Uklah; well watered;
plenty timber, redwood, pine, tan oak.
$5 an acre— 1860 acres; only 4 miles from
Ukiah; Russian River runs through ranch;
bottom land . for general farming and hills
for pasture: well watered; worth double.
• $5000 — 120-acre farm; 8 miles from Santa
Rosa; 16 acres in orchard, bearing;: 8 acres
in vines; 12 acres bottom land; 20 acres in
grain; good 8-room house; large barn; stone
winery; granary, etc.; includes 2 horses, 2
cows,. 2 wagons,- all chickens, all farming
implements; a bargain; good home; flne cli-
mate: fishing and hunting. -
$1800—7 acres near Petaluma; poultry
farm; good 4-room house; 11 poultry bulld-
\ ings; 800 laying hens; • incubators, brooders
and all appliances complete; paying $100 per
month; party called awayr-must be sold.
'••Fine redwood and tan oak timber lands at
$5 to $8 an acre; best kind of investment;
sure to double In a year.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507. California st.
80 ACRES, Jackson County, * Oregon;' flne ap-
ple or early vegetable land; fair house; well
and creek; 8 miles from railroad and 2 from
Sams Valley poatof flee and school; clear;
$700, or trade for Oakland property. ''¦ .
Paso Robles, lot 300 by 180; clear; $125, or
trade. > H. G. WHITTLE/
¦• . 131 San Pablo. Oakland, Cai.
MENLO PARK— FAIR OAKS.
Garden spot of California; spreading oaks;
¦A pure mountain water: - 1 hour from city;
double railroad track will be built this year;
' now Is your time to buy; 2% acres or more;'
easy terms; one-quarter cash. •
;. . ,,, \W. G. GRIFFITH, 311 Hearst bldg.
i — FOR BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
: Cotatl, ¦ Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, ' as
Ban . Francisco is growing rapidly; location
• best for poultry and general farming. Apply
•to The Cotati Co.". 302 California st, for pam-
phlets and information. , • v
FOR sale— 80-acre : stock ranch 2 miles from
Fresno; all fenced, stocked and running row;
write : for particulars. W. A. WHITE,
¦ . Cal. .. ¦--..- '-.-- /: ..•*•::-:•¦'' '¦ '; ; .. ¦
— A NICE level spot In Colma for
a chicken ranch: near the car line. JACOB
K HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st. ; -", . ¦ . . -¦ . .
PROFITABLE orange,' lemon, peach and prune'
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALT & CARR. 6 Eddy st.»
240 ACRES of good farming lands with plenty
.of woods upon same; j can - be had cheap for
cash. Box 3504. Call office. .
LOVELY lot in lovely Mi librae; price -low.
¦-. MARK LANE, 634 Market St.. ;¦ opp. Palace.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R, WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
per monm. . ¦ ¦> . . ¦
$15,500 — Three new flats on the north line of
Kills st. near Gough. containing 7 and 8 rooms
and bath each? lot 27:6x87:6; rents $130 per
month. - . •
$14,000 — Three choice flats on the west line
of Hyde st, close to. Geary, containing 7 rooms
and bath each; rent3 $105 per month; lot 25x
87:6 feet.
$10,000 — Two modern flats on Devlsadero
st, near McAllister, containing 7 and- 8 rooms
and bath each; rent $70 per month; lot 25x
100 feet. - . -
$7600 — Choice residence on the north line of
Washington st., near .Steiner. containing 12
rooms and bath; rent $60 per month.
$6500 — Two choice flats on Green st.," near
Webster. C and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
20:9x137:0; rents $55 per month.
$6750— Pierce st. near Haight: 2 modern
flats, containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 25x100:3: rents $55 per month.
$6000 — Sutter st, near Buchanan: residence
containing 8 rooms and bath ; lot 27:6x137:0
feet. -
$4700— Webster St., near Post; 2 flats con-
taining 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6*
03: rents $34 per month.
$3000 — Choice cottage on Prosper st., near
10th, containing 5 rooms and bath: lot 25x80-
rented at present for $18 per, month. .
$2250 — Choice lots near Laurel st. ; sire 25x
127:8%; overlooking .Presidio reservation*
street bltuminized.
$2250— Choice lots on 1st " ave., near Sacra-
mento st; size 25x112 feet.
$1600 — Choice lot on Clayst, near Cherrr*
size 24:5xl27:8V4 feet -
SANTA FE TRACT.
POINT RICHMOND.
' The prices of all unsold lots In block" A 1 9
10. 21, 22, 33, 34, 43 and 44 will be Increased '
................$50 PER LOT .......... .
On and after January 21. 1902.
A few food level lots on graded 1 streets can
now be had at from $125 up.
. $10 Cash. . $5 Monthly.
McEWEN BROS 118 Montgomery st
Sole Agents. . . . :
$7500 — LOT 77x100, double', frontage, with
; house- 6 rooms and bath, on 17th st, near
Valencia; want an offer. ¦
¦ $3500— 2-story, ; 6 rooms ¦ and bath, good
repair; lot 23:0x137:6; on Sacramento st,
near Larkln. . - > . > .
• $8750 — Business property on First st, bet.
Howard and Folsom; rents $47; old building
2-stcry. ¦ ! ¦ -• >¦.:.-•¦
. ; $5250 — 2 modern flats on Oak st ; rents $50.
$100 each — Level lots near Mission electrlo
• ' cars. .•..-.... . r -
. $2250 — Modern Cottage. 1 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x90; on Alvarado st., near Castro and
¦ Twenty-fourth. .
." ROTHERMEL & MERRELL., "
- - , 507 California st.
$5600— Sacrifice; nice flats; Liberty -st: choice
location; well rented. Owner, box 3580, Call.
100; marine view.
$4,500 — Seventh ave.. near Pulton it; 73x120;
make an offar.
A. J. RICH A CO.,
, 112 Montgomery st
Willard B. Harrington. John W. Fllan.
FLINN, HARRINGTON & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
238 Montgomery street.
Submit the Following Bargains:
19000— North side Pine, east Larkln st.; fln«
modern residence, 9 rooms, laundry and
bath; in first-class order; very desirable
' . on account of close proximity to the
business district; lot 80x137:6.
$5250— Octavia st, near Green; nice 7-room rest-
ldence, with bath; In flne. order; lot 2_i
125:3; property always rented at flgurw
paying handsomely on asking price.
$5000 — Reduced from $5250: Golden Gate ave.,
close to Scott st,; nlce> 3- room residence.
8 rooms, laundry and bath; beat plumb-
Ing; lot 27:6x110; present income nets 1
• ' per cent on asking price.
$3900— Reduced from $3850 to insure quick
sale; Mission bargain: Fair Oaks, neai
26th; comfortable dwelling; 2-story, wit-
brick foundation; 8 rooms and bath; re-
- cently put in first-class order; lot 25x125
$3250 each— Just completed, with all modern
conveniences and Improvements, three 6
and 7 room bay-window houses, located
on Hill st., near Noe. - The buyer of one
of these houses on liberal terms offered
small su"m cash, deferred payments 0 per
cent, secures a nlc* home for less than
$20 per month; such dwellings now rent
readily at $35 per month. Houses open
for Inspection to-day.
FLINN. HARRINGTON it CO.
$$000— PINE st., near Taylort 8 rooms and
• bath; lot 25x75. ____V . -»
$2500—230-232 Chenery its 2 cottages, 0
rooms and bath each; lot 69x143.
$1600—1718 Church st; 4 rooms and b&tai
lot 25x80.
¦ $4200— Lombard stl 2 Cats; lot 25x90.
$3250— Hill it, near Valencia; 12 rooms j
lot 25x114.
$5500 — Sllsslon, near 25th; store and flats;
lot 32:6xU5.
NE. cor. Noe and 22d; house of 7 rooms and
2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each; lot 26x110;
. . make an offer. .
7 houses and larger pieces of land In Sau-
sallto; cheap.
PATTERSON & CO.,
11 City Hall square.
SW. corner 17th , and Church; • 100x100; im-
proved.
SE. cor. 19th and Hartford: 75xS6: im-
proved; will sell all or part. PATTERSON
- ' & CO. . Apply at 3713 Seventeenth st.
¦WANTED— Flats south of Market st; Income
only. Full particulars box 2905, Call office.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty-eight.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY J9, 1902.
38
TtEAL ESTATE— -CITY — FOR 8 ALB.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. •
AUCTION.
TUESDAY January 28. 1902
At our salesroom. No. C3S Market Et.,
at 12 o'clock noon.
HARRISOX-ST. INVESTMENT.
Xorthwe** corner (1122 and 1124) Harrison
and (ISO- 186%) Langton Ets.; 2 stores and bake
oveaj 8 flats and a houee of 11 rooms and
bath; all In splendid condition and always
rented; pays $2U52 per annum; this Is a gilt-
edge Investment which pays big interest and
will surely Increase In value; lot 55xS0 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
JCorthe&st corner of Noe and Liberty sts.;
eunny corner lot close to Castro-st. care In
& choice residence district; corner lot 60x105
feet.
MADISON-AVH. INVESTMENT.
Southwest elde (No. 15) Madison ave.. 273
feet southeast of Harrison st.; 2 well built
flats of 6 rooms each, renting for $18 per
month; lot 22:<3xS0 feet.
EIGHTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northeast ride of Eighth et.. 103 feet north-
west of Harrison; a flne lot suitable for store
and flats; iot 20xG5 feet.
"WESTEIIX ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
Southwest corner of McAllister et. and
Parker ave.; handsome lot ready for build-
Ing in a rapidly growing neighborhood; over-
looking the Golden Gate Park; a desirable lot
for a builder to erect flats on; Iot 52:3H*1OO.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT,
¦oethwest side (Nos. (124 and 12C) Juniper
rt., 250 feet southeast of Harrison; 4 well
built flats of 3 rooms each; rents $40 per
month; these flats are always rented and are a
safe, sure Investment; lot 2ZtxS3.
MISSION-ST. PROPERTY.
East fide of Mission Bt.. 100 feet couth of
TYest ave.; etore and lot 50x100 feet; rents
$12 per month; also lot adjoining. 25x100 feet:
etreet bitumlnlzed and electric cars pass the
doors.
Vernal heights unimproved prop-
erty.
East side of Cherubusco ave.. 50 feet south
of Cceo Et.; 2 lots 25x70 feet each; east side
of Cherubusco ave., 425 feet south of Eemer-
sJAa at.; 2 lots 25x70 feet each, and west side
of North ave., 1C3 feet eouth ofEsmeralda
ave. These lots are only 2 blocks from the
Mission and Valencia-**, cars.
POTRERO-AVE. LOTS.
West elde of Potrero ave.. 250 feet north of
Helena et.; lots 91. 02. 93. 94, 93. Silver Ter-
race Homestead; fine lots; only 1 block from
electric cars; 21x100 each.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
Southeast corner Mission road and Oliver
et.; 6 level lots ready fur building; only 3
minutes' v.alk from the electric cars and'
Ocean View etatlon; will be sold as a whole or
In EuMi visions; lot 128x90 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CSS Market «t.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
C3S Market Street.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
ALL BARGAINS. ALL PAT BIG INTEREST.
IX BEST PORTION O3^ THE CITT.
•14,000 — Three modern new flats of 7 rooms and
bath; on the north side of Page st.,
near Buchanan; rents $1500 per an-
num; lot 27:6x120 feet through to
Lily ave.
$S500 — Two new modern flats of 6-7 rooms ana
bath; north fide of Sutter st., near
Fillmore: concrets bulkhead; rents $75
per month.
$11,500 — Rents S144O per annum; 3 flats. 6-7
rooms and bath; new, modern and up
to date; north side of Page st., near
park panhandle; lot 25x137:0 feet.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
$10,500 — Three sunny up-to-date flats, 7 rooms
and bath each; tunny tide of street:
near Golden Gate Park; will be com-
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAXB.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. '
.- . 218-220 Montgomery st.
Price IM.OOO-i-Two-story and basement resi-
dence; north Bide of street. Presidio
Heights District: lot 35x127 :8>A feet.
Main floor — Living room in cedar and
red, open wood fireplace, large square
Kail with coat closet, finished in nat-
ural redwood, with leaded glass -win-
dows, dining-room in natural redwood
with large plate glass window (over-
looking the Presidio), open wood fire-
place. 2 dressers butler's pantry, large
pantry, rear hall and Blairs. Second
floor—Contains 4 bedrooms and 2 bath-
rooms, linen closet, broom closet and
ii clothes clOBet6. Attic floor— Con-
tains 4 bedrooms and 1 bath, 3 eaves
closets, 4 clothes closets. Basement —
Contains storerooms, furnace, etc.;
laundry, wineroom nnd front base-
ment for wood. Chinaman's room,
house lighted by electricity; planned
and built under the supervision of
Architect Frank S. Van Trees; in-
terior finish and decoration hy Kcefe;
unobstructed view of Presidio, bay
and Marin County hills.
$3,000 — Octavia Et., near Golden Gate ave.:
fine house 8 rooms; extra lot 50x107:0
feet.
$2,000— Church st., bet. Twenty-eighth and
Valley; good house 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x125 feet; a bargain.
$12,500 — Bryant-st. corner, near Third: good
buildings, store, flats and 2 houses;
rents $1OS; lot 50x75 feet.
$4,500 — Green Kt., north line, near Devisadero;
34x137 :« feet; a choice bargain; ma-
rine view.
$5,000 — Van Ness ave., near Union Bt; lot
85x107 feet; only lot left In this street.
$3,000 — The cheapest and best building lot In
the Western Addition; north side Clay
St., near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet.
$6.000— Sacramento et.. near Steiner; a bar-
gain; bay-window residence 8 rooms
and bath; sunny side; lot 25x128 feet.
$12,500 — Income property; close to water front;
rents $97 50; pays S per cent net.
$6,000 — Cailfornla-st. residence . of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenant pays
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$9,250 — Northwest corner Sacramento St.;
flats 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
latest in every way; lot 87:6x57 feet;
rents $75.
$2,000 each — Capp et.. near Sixteenth; 2 lots.
' 25x103 feet each.
$12,600— Grove 8t., near Larkin; lot S0xl20.
with fine building of store and 2 up-
per floors; rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall.
$11,&00 — Post st., sunny side, near Larkin; eub-
etantlal 2-story house of 10 rooms an.l
bath; rent $00; lot 24:Cxl2u feet to
rear street.
$2,050— No. S849 Twenty-first St., near Church;
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; large lot, 60 feet front by
114 feet; errand view of the city; a
positive bargain; must be sold.
$0.000 — Devieadero-st. flats, near Ellis; pres-
ent rents $40; could be largely In-
created if a little money was spent on
the building; lot 2."xi)0 feet: lot alone
worth price asked for the property.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. January number Just out.
SIIAIXWAL1J. BCCKBEE & CO., I
21S-SS0 ¦ Montgomery *i.. Mills bids?.
LYON & HOAG, ¦¦:. ;
114 Montgomery Street.
« ¦ •
$7.750— Rents $S2 50: brand-new Clay-st.
flats; sunny side of stret-t; 2 Hats of .
?• and 7 rooms and bath each; posi-
tively the very cheapest investment In
the shape of Hats now on the market;
first-class neighborhood; will make an
excellent investment.
$15,000 — Items $140; new corner, flats on Cla.- I
Bt_; large lot. more than 30 feet front-
age by good depth; flats 10 and 12
rooms each; exceptionally good inter-
est paying property; this property Is
new and modern in every respect; flne
renting locality.
$7,200 — Splendid new house on Cole st., near '
Fell; > 2 block from Park Panhandle:
contains 10 rooms, bath, etc.: lot J.»x
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., - . . ¦¦;' '"
20 Montgomery , st.
$7000— Rent $09 60.
Splendid Investment on Franklin st., near
Hayes; flats and large lot.
EDDY ST.. NEAR MARKET.
$76,000— Large lot; 77:6x137:6; if improved
would pay fine Income; has great future. .
PAY OVER 0 PER CENT CLEAR.
$12,600— Rent $112 Each Month.
Large lot, two frontages, one block . from
Van Ness ave. • well improved and never va-
cant, v : '
$55.000— Rents About $400 a Month.
Best Buy on the Market.
Large lot, half of 50 vara; downtown, north
of Market st. location; elegant improvements;
advance rent offered.
HERE'S A CHANCE FOR A HOME}.
Finest Location In the City.
$10,000— Close to Franklin and California;
house of 12 rooms and bath; reduced for Im-
mediate sale. ...
RARE BARGAIN. ..
Business Property. • - ' • •"
$13,000— Only 2 .blocks from ' Market and
Fourth sts.; a-story>buildlng, brick basement;
one tenant; pays water, makes repairs, 5-year
lease, at $110 a month; this is a snap; building
alone almost cost the money.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. J
~- : 20 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. ~~~~~~~:
(Established January, 1858.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OP PROPERTY. •
Removed to 3u Montgomery St., opp.' Lick
House. .
Market-st gore lot Intersection of Ridley
st.. l« feet on Market; cheap buy; only $lC,00o.
Sacramento et. — Two modern flats/near Fill-
more; lot 25x127; price $QSOO.
BERKELEHDYERT1SEMENTS
• v berkp.i.ry : rk ai. estate. .
?1000^— NEAT 4-room. cottage; good neighbor-
hood. ... . . . -
$1150 — Nice lot; paved street; good loca-
tion; with 5-room cottage; 3 blocks from uni-
versity. . . .-..-. .
_ $1400— Good 5-room house; large lot; three
blocks of station. . .
$2200— 7 r room house; nearly new; all street
near High School.
: „ 1, ° — °ood 8-room hou«ej nice location;
• iSS.™ from .university.
$4500 — Modern 11-room house; one block
from university. . . ¦¦ ' "¦¦ V
' 4 52°r- New 14-room house; near university.
?4CO0 — Fine 9-rcom house, with nice
grounds; 3 blocks.from university.
fODOO^Handsome, 10-room house in an ele-
gant location; near university. A ;%'
LYMAN ALLEN.
¦ . -¦ 2120 Center at.
BERKELEY BARGAINS FOR SALE BY
•o«« MAY & MORTIMER.
*-°0 — Two lots, each 40x134; street sewered;
V all ready to build on; a snapronly $200
each. ¦ - • . . ¦
$650— Lot 40x135, within one block N. Berke-
ley depot; street macadamized; Just two
„„;,; " lot s left at this figure.
$ r C50— A, fine piece of property in the Scenic
Park, near university; 100x125; street
t : work all done. . :
?_.>00 — Another good- buy; corner '. lot in same
tract; 130x110; street work done, t
MA Y & MORTIMER,
• 2l2:t Center st.,
.-..¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ . Herkeley station'. ,
BEA _UTIFUL HEISKELKY~IIOMES.
tlioO — Modern cottage home; 3 rooms, ; bath .
and baserneni.; lot -4i)xliK>; close to cars, station,
stores, etc.- ¦• < .-- ¦¦ (817)'
. $1800— New nioOern cottage; 5 rooms, bath
and basement; corner hit. 40x100; nicely lo-
ca 'f, d r : specially easy terms. (820)
t-l.jO--Fine. -..modern cottage; 0 rooms ' and
bath; high liasercent: iot 5(1x100; on flne wide
str J?.^ t and. close to Ashbv station. . (S24)
oakdand!advertisements. ;
OAKLAND ItEAI. ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
: 400 and 4U2 Eighth st., Oakland.
$22.000— Palatial home; grandly situated,
possessing advantages of near remoteness and
accessible seclusion; only 1 year constructed.
$20,000— Completely furnished: magnificent,
stately mansion, constructed and furnished lesa
than 2 years; absolutely everything goes on
account of departure." /
$12,500 — -Cost $25,000; fine suburban home. 10
rooms, modern and complete, between Oakland
and Berkeley; 5 acres chbice fruit and shrubs;,
land alone worth more and has flne future.
$10,000 — Linda Vista; corner 12-room resi-
dence; one of the choicest in this magnificent
locality.
$5500— Vernon Heights; choicest locality; 8
rooms; French plate-glass front;,extra Interior
finish; stable.
A sacrifice on 2 new 8-room choice, modern
homes; central location; each has flat loan of
$3000 and $3500; no reasonable offer refused for
equity If sold af once; sse us; will arrange
terms.
$250 cash — Near j Twenty-seventh and Tele-
graph: new up-to-date • C-room home; 40- foot
lot; price only $2800. .
$1S5O— Flat mortgage $1400; neat cottage,
bay- window, 0. rooms; near. Clinton station;
cheap. ' J
$4250 — Rents $440 per annum; business cor-
ner, - Improved, 2 blocks Broadway; this is a
bargain; closing estate. ' ,. ;:
$1000— $300 cash, balance monthly: Thirty-
eighth at., near Telegraph ave. ; rrow modern
lV£-story cottage, 5 rooms • and bath; lot 37x
100; street work complete; mantel.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ELLIS, 685, corner Larkin— Bay-window; al-
<:ove; closet and mantel; light housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 1123— Nice sunny front room suita-
ble for 2 gentlemen or man and wife; cheap.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GALT House. 1206 Market st.— Furnfehed
¦ rooms by day. ¦week or month. • - ¦
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1012. near Van Ness ave— 1 nicely fuc
nlshed room; use of kitchen and telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a, quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges: suit, single; ele vat,
HAYES 671 — Nice front room with or without
board: private family: terms reasonable.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny completely furnished
connecting bay-window rooms; range; elec-
. trio Ilght3. ____
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office or aunny
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front single^ furnished.
$5; single back room. $4.
MARTINET, 1101 > Geary— Handsome «uites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MCALLISTER, 1327— Furnished room In prl-
vate family. '' ¦__
MINNA C67. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OAK. Ill— One large beautiful sunny room
suitable for 2 gentlemen: gas; bath.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
POLK. 1002— Furnished flats, suites and single
rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light
STORAGE A5P WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH*" Storage and Moving Co^\
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main B713. %
GOLDEN WEST Storage "Warehouse. 840 Mte-
Bion at.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFU33
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at odt rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES,
GREAT BARGAINS INTTPKyVKlTJEKS-Tr.
sell better machines for less moneytnaaany
house In the city: rentals. $3. The Typrwrtur
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 288.
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 2098ansom«.
¦MAJLRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wtr* lssunt
yesterday:
Charles L. Patton, 87, dtj. and Tumi* Ea«
mondscn, 30, city.
Huso R. Mllbradt. 29. Stockton, and Mary;
RIssmann. 18. 2735 Twentieth street.
Jeremiah Sheehan. 84. 973*4 Bryant »tr««t,
and Elizabeth McCartan, 27, 1774B JTolsom at.
; Giuseppe Guldotti, 39, Guernevllle, and Ze-
llnda Gfannerlnl. 43. Guernevllle.
Walter A. Savory. 23, Banta Rosa, and Lil-
lian Philips. 23. city.
John Striegel. 31. 410 Gates street, and Anna
Schmelters. 2S. 410 Gates street.
Friederich H. Frank. B2, 1713 O»y»rrell
street, and Theresa Altmcler, 40, 443 Natoma.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not bo Inserted. Tney must b# hand«d
in at either of the publication office* and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per*
eons authorized, to have the same published.
$0750 — Grove' St., near Webster; 4 fiats; rents
$72 per month;, lot 33x82:0. \
$6250 — Clay st., near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
btrth; in good order; 27:2x127:8. . . . i
$5500 — Flats on Pleasant Ft., ¦ near. Taylor;
renting for $42 per month; this property is in
good order and is always rented.
$12.000— Rents $1110 per annum; C good bay-
window flats and lot 89:0x97:0; Inside property.
S9750 — Pays $RC4 per annum: 4 good flats and •
large lot in good renting locality; Western Ad-
dition.
$S500— Pacific St.. near' Montgomery;- brick
building; rents $i;o; lot 22:llx7S:(5. |
$C0O0— Howard st.. n-.-ar Twenty-third; flats
5 and ti rooms and bath; r?nts $43; lot~27xS0. |
$5250 — Rents $WX) per annum; Woodward j
ave.. near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats- !
lot 2r.x7O.
$5000— San Jose ave, near Twenty-ninth st.; j
flats and store; rent* $52; lot 30xSl. . ¦ j
$3S00— Very cheap corner: Church and Valley L
Ets.; store and Hats; rents foO; only $3800. |
?."»500 — Two flatr; Clinton Park, near Dolores '
St.; rent $340 uer year. j
§5000— A. nice sunny home; north line Bush
ft- n .? a . r Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot
$3500— Twenty-sixth ft., near Castro; 2 flats 1
rents $27; lot 25x114.
$3400 — Jones Ft., near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$J0 per month; ;;5x(52:'J. J
$2000— Nice cottage home on Nineteenth Bt
r.ear Eureka; modern. 5 rooms and bath- lot
2ox75.
$1500 — Cottaga 6 rooms; rents $12; lot 25x11-1-
Twenty-ninth st.. near Sanchez.
$0500 — Seventeenth st. np.ir nnin».. ± <i,i e .
?iij»Hi— New i-'-siory house, -with basement; 7
rocms and bath; thoroughly modern; corner lot,
«Sxl20. r (827)
$3000 — New 2-Ftory modern Colonial house;
8 rooms and bath;' lot 50x135; on improved
street close to Ashby station. : - : . (82S)
"-" \ -¦¦- ¦:- II. JD. IKWIN, Lorln Station.
ONLY $2000 — Fine, well built house of 6 rooms
(cannot' be rebuilt for $2500); good-sized lot.
on the sunny side of street; street work all
- done; a positive bargain. JOSEPH -J. MA-
— — _£i; J^aj^state, Berkeley station. ¦
f.1400 — I1GUSE of T> rooms: corner l"t; only one
block from station. JOSEPH J. MASON,
real eslate.Jierkeley- station. .
?37r.O— a -MODERN house of 7 rooms anil bath;
just beinjf nnl»h«l; lot 50x150; only 6 min-
utes walk to . the university; In the very
fcbeat part of Berkeley.
' " " JOS. J. MASON,
.>•" Real Estate, Berkeley.
$0500 — INCOME ¦.-¦property: modern 22-room
• house: lot GOxUO; "ear university; rents $700.
. $2500 — Handsome new 2-story house, -0
rnonia and bath; lot 40x1.10; between Shat-
fuck and Telegraph avos.; easy terms.
$400— 'Fine building lot; nicely fenced; 40x
ISO; near Dwight station. «
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
' ' 507 California st.
32OGO — HOME of 7 rooms and bath; modern:
one block from station: lot 50x110: terms to
suit; interest on unpaid, balance S per cent
per annum. A. J SNYDEU. 407 Ninth St.,
or branch office, Adeline station, Berkeley.
ALAMEDA ¦¦ ADVERTISEMENTS;
ALAMEDA It CAL I2STATE.
A— ,\— A— A— A— A— A
Great chance to get property cheap. See
what the Alameda Land Co. is offering.
Don't delay; purchase now; great bargains;
fine homes; elegant lots; best terms; the ideal
resident city or California. Great bargains
.$1400 — Alice St.; neat cottage. of 4 rooms and
bath; patent toilet; -near Seventh st.; porce-
lain sink; 8-foot basement; lot 25x75.
$1350—5250 cash, balance $15 a month: 26th
St., near Grove; 3 cottages. 5 rooms and bath
each; first come, first choice. . . '
$1250 — Magnolia St., near Thirty-fourth; mod-
ern 114 -story house of 6 rooms; near cars, sta-
tion and proposed new ferry.
$1000 — Modern cottage, 4 rooms, basement;
brick foundation: large lot; . near cars, station
and proposed new ferry; newly painted and
papered. • ; ,
LAYMANCE HEAL ESTATE CO..
4U0 and 402 Eighth St.. Oakland.
E. J. 'STEWART & CO.,
3 00S. Broadway, Oakland.
$4500— Lovely home of t) rooms and bath;
good exposure; an exceptionally flne location,
being central and near High and Grammar
schools and churches: 4 minutes' . walk from
local station; cost $0O0O; just as good as new;
owner going v away; see this at once.
• ». x - — / _ .' '
- $1750 — Good 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; barn, chicken-houses, etc.; 2 blocks from
Clinton station; a large lot 50x150; can borrow
$1200; this is a snap; property cost $o000.
•52CC0 — $500 cash; nice cozy cottage of 6
rooms and bath; lot 30x100: situate west side
of Chestnut st., near 14th; bank mortgage
$L'0(!0 can remain.
$,¦5500— Elegant home; cost $8000; short dis-
tance from Fruitvale; 9-room cottage and
bath; 2 mantels;. In tine condition; 1 acre of
ground; about 2C0 fruit trees; fine chicken-
house; barn; carriage-house; aviary; 2 foun-
tains; -3 blocks from electric car line; this
property must be sold; see photo. at office.
$1000 — 5-room "cottage: bath; fine location;
sunny; street work all done; stone walks; near
San Pablo-ave. car line; newly painted Inside
and out; grate and open fireplace; hot and cold
water; can be had on easy terms.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
10OR Rmaiivtav Dnkinnri
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1.50; week, 52
to *S; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.,
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel Bt. Denis, 24 Turk st.
TAYLOR. 233 (The Waldorf)— Furnished rooms
In suites or single; modern. ¦ -
TURK, 332 — Sunny . front room suitable for
dressmaker or two students.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
inscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia it.
' ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the Co-Operato Homes for self-respectlnjr,
self-supporting, small-salaried girls, there
are a few vacancies; for board and room,
price $2 50 per week. Call on or address MISS
FLORA BOLLINGER. manager. 645 Folsom
St.; telephone Black 173G. -
TEN guests at House-on-the-Hlll; high, healthy
living; 40-acre flower farm; magnificent
view; superb climate: ideal place for rest
and comfort. Upper Fruitvale, Dlmond, Cal.
3 YOUNG men to occupy nice large room, good
board, $20 each; other nice rooms; sunny
front rooms, with or without board. 83014
Bush Bt. -
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
fogs ; choice sunny suits; first class.
ROOM and board for one or two gentlemen;
new flat; excellent service; modern improve-
ments; electric lights, etc. 845 Hyde st.
THE Irvingdale, 629'Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
HOTEL Buena Vista — Newly furnished; good
table; warm belt of Mission. 1070 Valencia
st. : conservatories.
BOBCT. i
CRONIN— In this city. January 8, 10C2, to flM
wife of Dennla Cronln. a daughter.
DE VALLE— In this city. January XT, 1903,
to the wife of Jose Ignaeio £• Valla, & son,
HILDEBRAND — In Alameda. January IS, 1903,
to tbe wife Of G«ors» At. HUdabrand. ft
daughter.
KROMAN— In Oakland. January IS, 1303, f»
the wife of Peter Kroman. a son.
MEALS — In this city, January 8, 190% to &s
wife of A. N. Meals, a daughter.
SAMPSON — In Vallejo. January 10, 1902. t»
the wife of Joseph Sampson, a- daughter.
TINNET— In this city, January IT, 1902; to
the wife of P. J. Tlnney. a daughter.
WAGNER— In this city, January $. 1903. to
the wife of James A. Wagner, a daughter.
WHITE — In this city. January 15. 1903, to Um
wife of Frederick P. White, a daughter.
WYATT— In this city. January 13. 19fA to th«
wife of J. J. Wyatt Jr.. a son.
GERDES— KLOTZ— December 24, 1ML by tha
Rev. J. Kroehnke, Henry J. Oerdw am]
Bertha Klotz. .
MITCHELL— FELTZ— In this city. January 13,
1002. by the Rev. J. H. Schrotder. .'Walter
Mitchell and Emma Felta.
BMITH— PATTERSON— In this elty. Decem-
ber 31. 1901. by the Rer. Father McQn&fcto
of tho Church of tha Most Holy Redeemer.
John J. Smith and Fannis O. Patterson,
both of San Francisco.
SOMMF.RFELD— LANG — In thla city, Janu-
ary 16, 1902. by the Rer. J. H. Schroder,
Henry Sommerfeld and Emma Lang.
DIED.
Barclay. Edwin C. McAroy, Mary B.
Bates. Katherlne E. McCracken. Mary
Brown, Mrs. Mary Marlncovlch. Cathar-
Chaves, Refuclo lne
Cope, Martha A. Maurln, Jean B.
Curran. Mary Mehrmann. Mary
De Croix. Mrs. 'Myra Milne. Mrs. LIUie C
Dougherty, James Moore, Thomas B.
pleted in 15 days; rents $1200 per an-
num ; 25x106.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
$4,000 — Two new elegant flats. 4-5 rooms and
' bath; Just finished and very modern;
renting for $35 per month; near ISth
and Castro sts.
WESTERN ADDITION* RESIDENCE.
$16,000 — Fine large elegant residence, 12 rooms
and 2 baths and finished basement;
everything modern and in first-class
condition; north side of street; key-
lot; plenty of sun and lisrht; facing
Jefferson square; an ideal home; large
lot 4i: 0x120 feet.
CHOICEST CORNER IN PARK DISTRICT.
$20,000 — Southeast corner of Oak and Stanyan
Ets.; 100x100.
$8,000 — West line of Devisadero et.. near Ful-
tcn; large lot 55x137:6 feet.
$1,900— Fine building lot; west line of Devisa-
dero st.. between 13th and Waller; lot
25x125 feet.
$1,250 — North line of 22d st., near Florida:
25x104 feet.
!$350 — South line of Golden Gate ave . near
Masonic; 25x100. \
$550— South line of 27th st., near Noe; lot
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market, opp Kearny
P.eal Estate Agents and Rent Collectors. '
$70.000— Reduced from $S0.000; corner 75x75
ft.; within one-third of block from
Market st. and close to Hlbernia
Bank; stores and lodging-house; best
investment off Market hi. ; must be
sold.
$£2.000 — Large cornt-r. within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st. and Zinkand's; a rare buy; 82
feet frontage.
J60.000— Corner; 4£x82:6 ft.; first corner facing
Market st. north; sold for $42,500 20
years ago: want offer.
$55.000 — Half block from Orpheum ; 1 block
from proposed Crocker hotel and new
Kiocd building; stores and lodging-
house.
$40,000— Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very
substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent' net.
$30,000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and C
flats; building: cost $35,000; lot CS:9x
„,_ i* : rents $2450 per year.
$35,000— McAUister-st. corner: S5xOS; good Im-
provements; rents $220
$27.500 — rtllmore-st. business corner: best lo-
cation in Western Addition; store and
flaw; rents $200.
$15,500— Three new Ellis-st. flats; 27:6 feet
frontage; yearly rents $1560.
?12,r;on — Putter St., near Jones; a choice buy
$11,500 — Kllis-st. corner: storeg and flats; 3
frontages: lot 37:6x87:6: rents $95.
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter-
rents $30.
S9,5C0— Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment.
$9,000 — Elegant residence; 8 rooms; best mod-
ern' appointments; electric and gas
llphtSnjr: flne heater and costly man-
tels; will «>a=Ily rent for $75
$5.500 — Flat?; rents $50; lot 42:6 feet frontage
$3, COO— Flats, vicinity Third and Howard Bts. •
rents ?40£0; mortgage $1700 can re-
main.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 687 Market gt.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ¦ '
Rents Collected end Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
JROOO — Scott rt.. near Union; fine bay view-
modern 8 rooms and attic; Scott St.; improv-
lwr fa*t from Pacific
$6250 — Octatia St., near Broadway: modern
house 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood.
$11,000— New flats: Broflerick, rear Grove. C.
6. 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum.
ffJOOO — Valrnda-st. Investment; 2 houses, T
rooms earo; r«its $45 per month; cheap
$4000 — Lot north side Page et., west of
Baker; 30x137 :C; overlooking Park; choice for
flats.
$3100— Lot on south side cf Chestnut et. west
of Hyde: 27:6x110: fine view of bay.
rJ""*}?? — Ix)t west * 1<3e Polk et - north of Union-
50x100; very flne bay view. '
$3000 — Lot in Potrero. comer Vermont and
eighteenth; 110x100; etreet graded and sew-
ered.
$2400— Lot Fourth are., rear Point Lobos
!£'£ : >.£2!; 120: *. treet "« w erea. macadamized;
will divide; rpp.kp offer. '- ,\.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
IF you can't buy a house
¦_ '.:¦¦. ' «nd lot. start in with the lot first.
?5 a month will secure
you a lot graaVd and sewered 1 block
from 22d Etreet can.
A hom« for $12 150 a month
of 5 rooms, bern end two lots, graded
and sewered: only a few
Blocks from Mission et. Ifs a bargain.
CARPEKTERS! CARPENTERS!!
carpentehs:!
Here's your chance to get a bom*
Select one of
these flne buildings lots, graded and sew-
ered, near Mission and 30th
street. I ¦will then advance you enough
money to build a home on it and you can
pay It off oa easy monthly installments. .
The last of the Folsom etreet
lots. Only one left — you can have It for
510 a month; It's graded
and sewered and cement walks laid.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post gt
A RARE BARGAIN!
Whole block 240x600; 4 blocks eouth of park
and car line and near boulevard; 50 per cent
less Its value. . SOL GETZ i & BRO., room
54. Chronicle building.
FOR sale — Double house, 16 rooms and bath.
at 870 Pine st. •
fl200 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath: see owner on
premises. ie22 Tenth are.. Sunset district.
CV ANTED— Cheap lot to build on; give loca-
tlotf and price. Box 2S83. Call office.
103; this Is the best house ever of-
fered at tbe Drice.
$10,500 — Three fine flats on Bush St.. Inside of
Larkin. containing: 0. ti and 7 rooms,
bath, etc., each: lot 27 f«*»t front.
Send for our complete printed list of prop-
erty for sale in ell sections of the city.
. LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
ARTISTIC Homes— '
Commanding Grand Views.
$3350 — Best houses ever offered for the
money: large sunny rooms: all latest con-
veniences; big lots, 30x137 :C; splendid neigh-
borhood; terms same as rent; open on Sun-
day for inspection; Filbert, bet. Broderick
and Baker. LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery Et.
A BARGAIN at the Mission. ~
(1230 — ?2(>o cash, balance ?2o monthly; 2-story
bay-window house, containing 9 sunny
rocms; 2 mantels; arranged for two
families; each flat has separate en-
trance; two lots; room for anolhtr
house; a good stable. £37 Moultrle st.,
near Crescent ave., short distance
from the Mission-st. carhouse.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
A CHOICE business corner.
$9,750 — Rent $100; corner of two prominent
streets at the. Mission; first-class sa-
loon and grocery adjoining; two bay-
window flats above; lot 50x80 feet;
best buy in the market.
LYON & HOAG.
McAFfE BROS., 108 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Nets 7 per cent; warehouse property,
t-tone and brick building, on Sansome Et., un-
der lease; corner lot; price $18,000.
In the Panhandle: two new flats. Just being
finished; well located; rent i$70? price $U750.
. MCALLISTER STREET.
Lot on McAllister et.. near Devisadero;
27:0x137:0; price $.'S2C>0; flne for flats.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Lot with old buildlnc on Shipley St., near
Fiith; only $1450.
ON VALLEJO STREET.
Vallejo st., between Webster and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new; 1) rooms,
bath and basement: commands a beautiful
marine view; price $13,5G0.
A BARGAIN.
Extra well built cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; on 20th St., in the Mission; corner lot,
55x114 feet; price only $2250; terms If desired;
a enap.
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott st., between McAllister and
Fulton; 25xlO«:3; price $2750.
CLAl'-STREET FLATS.
New and modern; fine, sunny lot; 6 and 7
rooms; rent $S2 50; price $7750; a fine invest-
ment.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond lots; sold on
terrei If desired. Let on California st., near
Second ave.. 25x100: only $800.
LOTS ON SIXTH AVENUE.
North of Lake st.. 25x120: $600 each.
MODERN HOUSE.
On Vatlejo et. t near Buchanan; Just put Into
flrst-clcss shape; flne sunny lot and marine
view: 7. rooms and basement; price $8000.
Near the new Chutes, on Eichth ave.; lot
20:2x120 feet; price $1000.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
House of 10 rooms: on Green st.. near Octa-
vla: lot 2Gxl37:0; rented for $45 monthly; prici
$4500. •
MISSION FLATS.
2 flat* of 4 and 5, rooms: on 2I»t St.; lot 25x
100; rents $2S; arice $3300.
CAPP ST.,
Between ISth and Huh; 8 rooms and bath: lot
30x122 Hi; price $4000.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots.
LARGE CORNER.
In the Mission: suitable for manufacturing
site; lTOxlCO feet; three frontages.
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery Pt., San Francisco.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We effer choicest lots at lowest prices
Our many sales prove it.
1100 to $450— Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lots; a nest-egg for investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them ail; etreete graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., nr. H st.
$400 to $300— Superb Richmond lots- $10
monthly. ""• f V?
$100 to $250— Level building lots, near Mis-
va?u;t$5 C ronthV^ nt lMI than aCtU * 1
$1000 $1350 to 52000— Splendid cottages-
choice locations; all bargains; easy terms. '
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
• Room 64. Chronicle Building.
MOTHER, make home secure In old **¦ .
by the aid of Jacob Heyraan Co '
on terms same as rent.' '
It Is Just as easy to buy a new 8-room
house on Twenty-third «C. near -Dou/im™
Alvadaro »t.. as to pay rent. The landlord
when be sees flt raises your rent on an old
worn out house, but in your own new home
you are the landlord forever
¦ Come to our office and make arrangements
, JACOB HEYMAN.
' ' ' - ' ; - 117 Sutter stl
$S0O0 INVESTMENT - Flats and cottages-
rents $72 month. THE MCCARTHY CO (M6
Market st. ?
$000 — LEVEL -building' lot on Dolores st 1'irrp
McCarthy co.. aa Market st. * E
$1250— MISSION cottage and lot. THE Me-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
FOR SALE — As a whole or in subdivisions 50-
vara lot, south line Union st.; 137:6 feet east
of Fierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
321 Montgomery st. -
rents $5y; lot oO^ffST:^; offered low to force
Ba| e. MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.
VON RHE1X REAL ESTATK CO. (Inc.).
,„ 513 california. st.
•;-*;^, improved.
$16,500 — Turk, near Jones; 27:Csl37:0' twe
2-story houses. '
$12,500 — McAllister, near Cough; 27-6xl"0 to
«ar street; 3 flats; rents $92. '.""""
$S000 — Noe, near Seventeenth: 60x05: 4
flats; rents $72 CO.
$8250— Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x05; 3 flats;
rents 5r<.
$5000 — Union place, near Green; 20x5S:0; two
houses; rent $41.
$5000 — Leavenworth, near Union; £5x112:6: 3
new Hats: rents $40.
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$41 50.
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 80x65:
2 houses; rents $31.
$4250 — Fell, near Devisadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
California, nr. Webster: 3 lots; each 25x
13 1 : t>. . * ...
$&500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55x81 '3
$8000 — Green, near Polk: 80x115.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:Gx
102 '.S\i .
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement St.; 200
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert ets. ; 25x70.
$3500— Fulton St., near Fillmore; 32:0x137:0.
Point Lobos, near 22d ave.; 53:4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100 ! L
$.'5000 — Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot.
$21. r >0 — Union st.. near Webster; 34:4^x137:6.
$1250 each— Polk Bt., near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:6x87:6.
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth : 25x105.
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
CENTER & SPADER, "
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors,
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House Block.
Eddy, near Van Ness; modern three-story
building. 3 flats;- rents $170; lot 27:6x120
$0000 — Folsom. near Twenty-first; 2 modern
flats. 5 & C rooms; rents $47 50; lot 25x122:0.
Three new up to date flats; renting for $77;
in the Mission; at a bargain; lot 25x122.
¦ Two bay-window flats. 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$31; lot' 25x117 to rear street; only $3500. •
$2800 — Rent $30; 4 flats on Ritch st., near
Folsom; 25x75; owner must sell.
$4000 — NW. corner Church and Army sts.;
88x80; cheap lot.
$4000 — Lot with old Improvements; 39:10x
150; on Dolores Bt., near Sixteenth.
$16,500 — Choice corner on Oak and Steiner
sts.; 110x102.
$15,000 — Snap; reduced from $17,000 to make
Immediate sale; choice lot on Eleventh St., near
Harrison: two frontages; 100x185.
$3500 — Make offer; Harrison St., near Third;
lot and improvements; 25x85. * '
$8000 — Handsome corner residence on Green
et* containing 12 rooms, bath, servant's room,
billiard parlor, laundry and large finished at-
tic; handsomely decorated and finished in hard
woods; lot 25x100.
$5500 — Rents $42 50: Grove St.; two flats. 6
rooms each; lot 25x137:0. .
$5000 — Fillmore St.. near 1 Oak; choice lot,
suitable for flats: 37 :exllO.
$2500 — Two-story house, two tenements, 7
rooms each; renting for $22; Rondell place, off
Sixteenth st. ; this Is cheap property.
$4250 — Shotwell St., near Nineteenth: lot 30x
122:0; rear end of which is Improved with 2
flats, 6 rooms each, and renting for $25; an-
other building on this lot would pay big Inter-
est. CENTER. & SPADER.
YOUR LAST CHANCE. ~~ ~
ONLY GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS.
Don't wait. Time is money. Just think.
Lots near the Fark and Ocean Boulevard you
can buy at $100; $5 down. $1 monthlj. -
. Remember, Western Addition lots boupht at
that price are worth now from $5000 to $l0,000. 1
JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter st.
ONLY $800— Cottape of 4 rooms, almost new;
lot 25x100; situated on Bernal Heights; a
chance to get a splendid home cheap; It will
pay to Investigate thin place, as it must.be
sold. Address box 2898, Call office. ,'7
A SNAP— Cottage, 4 rooms. $1050; terms same
as paying rent. Southeast corner Alabama
and Montealm sts. • • -~-_,.. .
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; modern Improvements;
easy terms. Stoneman st., near Folsom.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY^REAL ESTATE.
$2200— NEW 7-room house: lot 50x140: % block
from car line; on 80 ft. street; In a flne neigh-
borhood; must sell on account of departure.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4500— REDUCED from $7500; large new 8-
. room- house; flne barn for 3 horses ' and 4
cows; running water to house and barn, and
email creek runs year round; 20 acres of land;
10 pasture, with ocrk trees for wood; -10 for
vegetable, or train; only 2 miles north of
Berkeley; all. fenced and cross-fenced; In 3
. fields; Improvements alone cost asking price.
W. C. MORAN & CO. -
$2000 — NEW 5 or 6 room cottage; lot 45x100;
3 blocks to train and electric cars; porcelain
bath, tiled sink, stationary tubs; fine mantel
and sideboard, tinted walls, gas fixtures, etc.';
S of them will be ready ! to move into this
week; only $200 down, monthly Installments
less than rents,' $20 per month. .'"W. C. MO-
RAN &. CO. .-¦;.- . ¦¦¦.,-,'
$12,500—5 ACRES of land in' heart of town; can
subdivide and sell •¦ off $18,000 worth of ¦ lots
and still have a flne home of ten rooms; fine
carriage house, cow barn; grandest flower
garden in Berkeley: flne fruit orchard In 'full
¦bearing; Improvements cost present owner
$21,000; must ecll on account of death. W.
C. MORAN & CO., Lorln station and Schmidt
block, Berkeley.- '• - . . v »
$5000-^-SUNNY house ; ? 12 rooms, stable ; block
from university and B minutes from station -
.North Berkeley; superb view; ' 2 . lots, $250
each. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery »t. . . - ¦ .
this week: - 1
$1500 buys -a let 50x150; cottage 5 rooms
and bath.
$1500 buys a house C rooms and bath; large
lot; worth $2500. . •
$1800 buys 2 houses; bring good Income;
fine Investment. -'
$2250 buys a new house. 5 rooms and bath;
corner lot; a snap.
$24.-iO buys a 7-room cottage; lot 60x150;
must be sold.
$2500 buys an elegant C-room 2-story house;
lot 40x125; a bargain.
$2000 buys a great bargain under fore-
closure; lot 70x125; on Central ave; fine cot-
tage 5 rooms and bath; see this property.
$2S00 buy* foreclosure; lovely cottage; mod-
ern; large lot.
$32.'.O buys flne 8 rooms and bath 2-story
house; lot 40x207; windmill ; large Btable; on
Central ave.
Choicest and best property in Alameda for
pale- by.- . 1
THE ALAMEDA LAND CO.
at lowest prioes ami best terms. Houses
built, rented and exchanged.
"ALAMEDA -LAND CO.. ,
. . ¦ - 1500 Park st., Alameda.
' Office open Sundays and evenings.
$1900 — LOT 50x125; modern cottage of 5 rooms
¦ and bath; fine avenue; easy terms.
$2100 — Lot 50x140; 0 rooms and bath; near sta-
tion; flne neighborhood; quarter cash,
balance to suit.
$2500 — Lot 33:3x150; nearly new, modern cot-
* tage of 5 rooms and bath; Pacific ave.,'
' near Willow st.; $200 cash, balance $20
per month. .
$2000 — Lot 40x175, with modern, new cottage,
7 rooms and bath; flne location; near
school and station; $500 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3300— Lot 44x175; new 2-story house of 8
100ms and bath; everything complete;
electricity, gns, ¦ flne plumbing; flne
porch; greatest bargain; en the install-
ment plan.
$5500— Let 100x150, with flne house of 8 rooms
and bath; lovely garden; flne orchard;
stable and barn; near- station; great
chance to buy a flne home on account
of departure. • .
Business property on Park st. ' '
Water front property. .
Choice lots cheap. *"'¦
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H.- P. MOREAL & CO.,
Phone South 37. 1422 Park st..
- Alameda. .
NEW cottage. 6 rooms; Iot 35x120: $2500. r
New cottage, 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200;
terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. ,
AN unparalleled opportunity ; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of (j rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or one
1 hour from. S. F.; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R.FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4300— A BRAND-NEW HOUSE! : -~~~~
Location 20th and Webster sts.: lot 43 feet
frontage; house of 7 rooms and -bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest in every de-
tail and finish; this property originally be-
longed to an estate snd it now must be sold;
only a few blocks from 14th and Broadway
local trains and business centers; this prop-
erty can be rented for $45 per. month; house
. a good investment if purchaser did not. wish
to occupy It.. . - - - .• .
J. S. MYEjRS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. ";
$2C00— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new C-room house; note — (lot 50x140):
sunny exposure; street work all complete; In
first-class condition; near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and our
Instructions are to sell without reserve to
the -highest and best bidder: terms only $500
cash, balance can remain on mortgage; pur-
chaser can pay cash it' so desired.^
J. S. MYERS & CO..
I -1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3600— STRICTLY UP-TO-DATE COZY HOME.
Receptions hall,; front and back parlor, din-
ing-room and .'•¦ kitchen . below. 3 fltte bed-
rooms, closets and bathroom above; all fin-
ished In- light hard wood, hall in. white cedar:
, front and back porch, 2 toilets, laundry. and
cemented' basement: nice lawn : and flowers
.'front and rear; situate prominent 40-foot
corner, close in; bargain; • will be sold this
week; first come, first served. - -
> J. S. MYERS & CO.,
• : - ¦ ¦ • 1002 . Broadway, Oakland. • .
I2S50— MODERN COTTAGE ON GROVE ST.
1 rooms and '.bath; laundry and cemented
basement: all in flne condition; sunny side
of street; fine neighborhood: lot 40xllU.
J. 8. MYERS & CO.. .
-1002 Broadway, Oakland. •
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. . . J •
Seven pretty homes, all new, modern and
stylish ; . Just . completed ; never ¦ been occupied : ,
5 to 8 rooms; lots 40 tee t front (or more); com-
plete In | detail, . Including: stone ¦ walks, | lawn.
tlsting, etc. ; ' prices . $2800 - to . $3750,': on easy
terms . of ; payment; on z Merrimac or , Twenty-'
eighth st. , between . Telegraph . ave. and Grove
st.; must be seen to be appreciated;. vacant lots
In same location.' 40 feet 1 front, from $550 ¦ to
$1000. 'including all street; work; 'houses open
for inspection and owner on » the ; premises • to-
day (Sunday). from 1 1-to 4 o'clock p. tn.' .Take
Telegraph-ave.or Grove-st. electric cars- to the
property...'. ;, .. ;. ¦ ; .. , ; ,..¦.¦¦; -;.-. ; J ; , v V ;
$1000— BIO -bargain;; "cozy 5-roomed -cottage,
with porcelain ' sink and" -hot- water boiler;
, Bunny, side, close - to San ' Pablo ave. : • street
«. ; work ¦; all\ done, • including . stone ; walks : . all ,
newly papered and painted. ¦ Address .for
quick sale box' 2378,' Call' office,' Oakland.
'.¦'.' - .- • ¦ *
300 ACRES; three miles from Oakland, $75
hii acre; two-thirds of purchase price can be
borrowed on the land at « per cent interest.
GILBERT. WYMAN, attorney at law, office
and residence. Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth. Fruitvale. Cal.; phone Brook 123.
$1200— (i-ROOM house; improved street; cement
walks; inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local ftntlon; $100 cash, remainder of pur-
chase price same as rent. $13 per month.
WYMAN LAND CO.. 1187 E Fourteenth St.,
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
$1.10 CASH. $6 monthly — Cottage of 3 rooms.,
hard finished; 2 flne lots, all fenced; a flne
* home for a small family or bachelor, where
peace nnd quiet reign: near a flne school,
fleotrlc cars, church and town hall; 100 fam-
'Illes located within ". years; soil, climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining Hast Oakland;
price. In all $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call or send for circular. 4,V»
Seventh ft, opp. Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. II. .Z. JONES, owner.
$4750— HANDSOME: NW. corner; lot 25x75;
consisting of 2 flats of 5 and 0 rooms each;
elegantly, frescoed v ceiling. 4 mantels, tiled
pink and porcelain tub; all rooms face out;
.pelllng on account of departure of owner;
must sell within 1 week; rents for $ JO. Apply
on premises bet. 10 a. m. and 3- p. m. or 6
and 7 p. m., 252 8th st.. cor. Alice, Oakland.
$1000- ; -BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed co,ttage,
-with porcelain sink and hot-water boiler;
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work ail done, • including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for quick
sale box 2:178, Call office, Oakland.
NICE place In'Oakland to exchange for small
ranch. Address box 2.'!91. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees anJ
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
eve. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come with 1 block. Call or
address 1C59 Ninth ave. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED) ROOMS.
FURNISHED complete for light housekeeping
with gas, bath, heating and cooking stoves;
large sunny rooms, single or en suite; rent
reasonable. Call Fifth Avenue House. Fifth
ave. and Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALeT
FURNITURE 'cood and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh ft.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 531—2 large rooms furnished,
suitable for. . housekeeping. ,' ,
BRYANT, 1101. cor. Ninth — 2 or 3 front rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
FIFTH. 35" — Furnished housekeeping, 2 beds,
double parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; single, $1.
FOR rent — 3 sunny rocms, suitable for- house-
keeping. Apply IMO.'S Clay st.. bet. 12 and 1.
FULTON, : .10S— 2 aunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; bath: gas; yard and basement.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms, fur-
nlshed or unfurnished, for housekeeping;
rent low.
MINNA. 2S — Nice sunny furnished front house-
keeping and single rooms; cheap.
MINNA. 454A — Four ' ! connecting rooms for
housekeeping; lower floor.
MISSION. 1125%— -Suite housekeeping "rooms; $2
and ?2 50. . .
NINTH. Ill— 2 , rooms In rear suitable for
' housekeeping; men ' preferred.
OAK, 119 — Large sunny, parlors, furn. house-
keeping; range; gas; $15 50; others cheap.
SILVER. 105. near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. . ' . .
TURK, 543-^-Large front room; grate; gas:
bath; light housekeeping if desired; reas'ble.
VALENCIA, 128— 3 lurnished sunny rooms; al-
cove: and kitchen; 1 adults; references; "large
porch.
VALKNCIA. 15KJ2 — Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished light housekeeping; gas; bath;, tubs.
VA LLEY, Cl, above San Jose ave.-^-S sunny
furnished- housekeeping- rooms;., water, gas
.and yard. . .' ' : .'
2 NICE front aunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping. $2-50 per. week; also large
. - housekeeping rooms, $1- 75 per week. Apply
/'shoe store, C(i3 Mission st.
BOOMS TO LET— Farn. nnd Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel.-2S4 McAllister New. elegant.
.sunny: grill attached: 75c day upward: rates
by, week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms
.25o to $1 per night; $125 to $3 per week, and
' light housekeeping rcoms: open all night.
ARDELL.. r 15 ' Page— Sunny furnished rooms,'
$1 25 week; double beds, ,75c; single, COo wk.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.' 1364)— Fur-
nlfhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH.: 727 — Sunny furnished room for gentle-
man ; gas, bath. \,:.
CLAY; 1243— A light front room, furnished, 16
•,-, per month. ;.: ... :¦ .' .. • -,_ .¦¦ \;
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished gunny rooms; prices ' reasonable. ;
EDDY, 724— Newly- furnished room; flne bath,
phone . and all conveniences; reasonable to
one or. two gentlemen.' . . - ...
ELLIS 321 )(Mozait)— Nicely furnished rooms
35c. $1 BO night; $1 60, $0 wk.; open "all night!
ELLIS,: 41S (The ;, Plerpont)— Beautifully = fur-
nlshed rooms,. single" or en suite; elevator ser-
vice; hot water; private baths. ' ' • ' ¦
SUNNY room and board for two gentlemen or
couple; upper flat: first-class table. 719 Tay-
lor st.. near Sutter.
HANDSOMELY furnished front room, with
hoard ; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van-
Ness ave. : -
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny rooms; excellent
board; one management; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NICE large room, suitable for 2 gentlemen,
with board, private family. 1215% Mission.
PARTIES can have 2 rooms cheap, with or
without board. 2022 Woolsey, Lorin. Brkley.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
ROOMS WASTED.
2 CONNECTING rooms, fur. or unfur. for
housekeeping, private family, for man and
wife; sun and running water; Mission pre-
ferred. X.. 1096 Valencia St.
WANTED — An unfurnished alcove room; sunny
side of street; state price. Box 2877, Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE— Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
. Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1208 Market St.,
and get cured: treatment free. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girjs' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half -orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from July 1, 1901, . to
January 1, 1902: . Edna Dussure. 1 year, 6
months; Gertrude Westphiel. 6 years 6
months; Helen Westphiel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwin, 2 years u months; Charles Kat-
to. 4 years 10 months; Violet Katto, 1 year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Moires, 3 years 6 months; Pauline
Hoxall. 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erlne Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann, 6 years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 13 years; Will
Hllltln, 3 years 10 months; George Hllltln.
2 years; Alice Murry. 5 years 5 months; Ger-
tie Murry, 3 years; Robert Murry, 2 years;
Annie Moldo S years 1 month; Edmund
Munny, 6 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Now Ian, 4 years 11 months; Thomas Donn,
6 years 2 months; Albena Gazano, 8 years !!
months: Bernard Rose, 4 years 7. months:
Mary Vogelsange, 8 years; Ruble Denny. U
years: Florence Wail. 3 years; Mary Green.
6 years; Evalyn Segers, 2 years; Mary
Welsen, 7 years 8 months; Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, 10 yeara 11 months;
Charles Buckbee, 5 years; Isabella Magulre.
10 years: Benjamin Padlla. 4 years 7
months; Lulu Pacilla. 8 years 7 months;
Edward Smith, 6 years: James Smith. 8
Ferren. Lawrence Murphy. Elizabeth
Fitzmaurice. Nellia Palmer, William B\
Fogarty, Elizabeth Quill. Timothy
Gallagher, James A. Redmond. Kathryn
Gallagher. Nellia Redmond. Mary
Golly. Leon Robinson. Charles
Graham. Elizabeth Roche, Minna M.
Gramllch. Jeannetta Schmidt, Joseph
Gross, Martha E. Smith, Roy
Gummer. Frederick Stanley, Annie C.
Hamilton. Robert D. Thompson. Mildred
Hill, Joshle Thornagle, Agnes
Johnson, Clara L. I-'hl. Felix
KaufEir.ann.' Jacob linger, Henry
Kurlandzlk, Mlnnla Volz. Augusta M.
Lyon. Mrs. Mary A. Welle. Frederick W.
Leddln. James Wenzel. May A.
Leram, Lucinda Wiley, Francis A.
¦ Loughlln. Lulu Yung, Roslna
BARCLAY— In this city. January 16. 1902.
Edwin C. Barclay, dearly beloved husband
of Christina Barclay, and beloved father of
. Helena Rose and Edwin H. Barclay, a na-
tive of England, aged 48 years and IS days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at, 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.. &4O" Folsom street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
BATES— In this city. January 17. 1002. Kath-
' erine E., dearly beloved mother of Frank
H. A., George A. and Thomas D. Bates, a
native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 61 years
and 5 months.
IE7" Funeral Monday, January 20, at 9
¦ o'clock, from St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
requiem mass wlll.be held for the repose of.
her soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
BROWN — In this city, January IT, 1802, Mrs.
Mary Brown, beloved wifa of Peter Brown,
mother of Mrs. J. G. Brower and Mrs. Ar«
thur de Rutte. sister of Mrs. Bridget Dunn,
and aunt of Mrs. Paul Mortlson and Mrs.
Charles Dugan. a native of Ireland, aged 66
years.
IE7"A requiem mass for the reposa of her
soul will be said to-morrow (Monday), com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, at St. Mary's Church,
corner California and Dupont streets. Friends
are invited to attend. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Town-
rend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
CHAVES— In this city, January IT, 1902. Be-
fuglo Chaves, beloved daughter of Mrs. A.
B. Code, a native of Santa Barbara, aged 10
years 6 months and 13 days. (Santa Barbara
papers please copy.)
|E7Friend3 are resDectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral from her lata residence,
1259 Octavla street, Monday, January 20, at
10 o'clock.
COPE— In this city. January 16. 1902, Marth*
Ann, wife of W. W. Cope, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 77 yeara 3 months and 18 days.
(Louisville and ShelbyvlUe, Ky., papers
please copy.)
(ETThe funeral will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at her late residence.
3017 Washington street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
CURRAN— In this city, January 17, 1902,
Mary, beloved wife of tha lata Patrick Cur-
ran, and mother of Michael. John. Thomas
and Patrick Curran, Mrs. Alexander Porter
and Mrs. J. J. Sheahan. a native of County
years; Roy Smith, 6 years; Ethel Smith. 4
-years. ' ' - •
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
/Horns Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1, 1901, to January .1, 1902, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls: Isldor Cohen, 13 yrs. 4 mos.: Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs. 4 mos.: Hannah Felngold.
t» yrs. 2 mos.: Henry Felngold. 5 yrs. 6 mos.:
David Felngold. 10 yrs. 4 mos:: Alma 'Wolff.
i 7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner. 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner. 6 yrs. 5 mos.; Sam Shajhran,
8 yrs. 11 mos. : Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran, 5 yrs. 4 mos.: Samuel Pud-
lln. 10 yrs. 6 mos.; DajJd Pudlin. 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, 5^yrs. 11 mos.: Clarence
Levy 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Louis Friedman. 9 yrs.
2 mos.; Henry Friedman, 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Hy-
• man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Ros-
enthal. 5 yrs. 4 mos. ; Florence Rosenthal. 4
yrs.: Ruben Vidaver. 12 yrs.: Matthias VI-
- daver. 10 yrs. 0 mos.; Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7 mos.: Mamie Levy. 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs. 3 mos. ,
THE secretary of the San Franclwo Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
Rirls and bnys have been admitted to the
asylum — on Halght st. — from July 1. 1901. to
January 1, 1902: Doris B. Whitehorn, 2 yrs.
6 mos. : Tessie V. Ruyck. 0 yrs. 10 mos. : Lena
Schmidt. 7 yrs. 1 nio.: Lena M. Hamberger,
C yrs.: Harry Klang. 7 yrs. 0 mos.; Clifford
R. - Whitehorn. U yrs. 6 mos.: Herbert O.
Seemann. 5 yrs. 4 mos. : Percy -W. Stapleton.
8 yrs. 10 mos. : Harry Hamberger. ' 4 yrs. S
mos.; James A. Ferguson, S yrs. 5 mos.;
Louis Schmidt. 8 yrs. 3 mos.; Rudolph Bohde
8 yrs.: William Hill. 8 yrs. 4 mos.; Wlfllam
Randolph. 7 yrs. 5 mos. ; Herbert W. Bollard
4 yrs. 1 mo. : Martin Kvalvlg. 10 yrg. 5 moa-
THE following half-orphans have been received
in the S. F. Nursery .for Homeless Children
since last publication : Violet Lumberge 4
years of age; Marlon Williams, 2 years of
' age: Robert D. Mackay. 5 years of age.
PILES — PETER FREILING'S salve. $1 D er
.box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding-
It ching, external, internal or protruding? piles
without fail, no matter of how long standing
1628 Devisadero- et.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
. . city or country. PACIFIC - COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery. , rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
SEWING 31ACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged • re-
. pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 20& 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STAAIMERING AND STUTTERIXG.
STAMMERING or stuttering '-: corrected ' at
I school,' 1538 Market; no failures; positive re-
gults. . Why continue these agonizing afflic-
tions when relief is at your door? For your
own sake, don't- delay. Call or send circular.
-jy'; ¦•--'¦ TO LEASE. -' ' ¦¦-' .~*
TO Lease — About 4 acres land, with house and
outbuildings, suitable for chicken ranch or
L nursery. Call M. MILLETT.'Colrna, Cal.
CFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 2» Fifta
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DK CROIX— In this city, January IT, 1902,
Mrs. Myra de Crolx, dearly beloved wife of
F. W. de Croix. and beloved daughter of
Mrs. Ida Sargent.
DOUGHERTT- In this city. January IT. 1902.
James Dougherty, beloved brother of Mr«.
Annie Welch, brother-in-law of Cornelius
Welch, and dearly beloved uncle of Mamie
A., James A., Willie, Hannah C. and George
J. Welch, a native of Ireland, aged 04 yeara
2 months and 10 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, from tha resi-
dence of his sister. Mrs. Annie Welch, 632%
Minna street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem hUh mass will be celebrated for tha
repcsa of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERREN — In this city. January 13, 1902,
Lawrence Ferren. beloved father Of John L.
and James H. Ferren. Mrs. W. J. Bios and
Mrs. H. W. Dunphy. aged 66 years,
FITZMAURICE— In this city, January IS,
1902, Nellie, beloved wife of John Fltxmau-
rlce. and mother of John. Margaret. Tina,
David. Julia and the late Thomas Fitz-
maurice, a native of County Mayo. Ireland,
aged 47 years.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence. 716 Clementina street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing , at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOGARTY— In this city, January 18, 1902.
Elizabeth Fogarty, beloved wifa of Patrick,
Fogarty. and mother of John J., James P..
Joseph W. and Walter T. Fogarty. a native
"of Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 63 yeara and S>
months. A member of the Rosary Society.
ICXFrlen&s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January 20. 1902. at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. 537 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh, thence to St.' Patrick's
Church, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crow
' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
GALLAGHER— On steamer Walla Walla.
'James A., beloved son of Michael and tha
- late . Anna. Gallagher, and brother ol An-
drew, Michael, Mary, Annie and Nellie Gal-
lagher, a native of Montrose, la., ased 30
years. HSPWVBOClSm
tyNotice of funeral hereafter.
GALLAGHER— In this city. January IS, J90a
Nellie, dearly beloved . wife of r> j Gal-
lagher of Point Reyes station, Marin County
and sister of Mrs. M. J. lllllerlcX. Mm. J.
J. Gallaxher, Mrs. J. F. Kehoe, lira. J.
Saunders and Thomas F. Ryan, a native cf
Clonmell. County. TiDDerary. Ireland, aged
26 years and 11 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrox*
-(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J- C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a ra-Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
charts. The plane ot reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters. . ., ;
BRITISH SHIP THAT HAD A
STORMY TIME ROUNDING
THE HORN. '¦
. : - ' ¦: /
TO SAIL.
Report on the Colorado Industrial
• School Methods Severely Ar
raigns" a Superintendent.
DENVER. Jan. 18.— The report of the
committee from the State Board of Char
ities and Correction on conditions at the
State Industrial School for Boys, submit
ted to Governor ¦ Orman and made public
by him to-day, is. a severe arraignment of
Superintendent Mlrlck and the other offi
cers of the institution.
The committee finds that corporal pun
ishment at the school has been excessive
and that the best interests of the school
demand the removal ot the superintend
ent and other officers. A complete change
in the conduct of the school is urged.
GOVERNOR IS ASKED
TO REMOVE A2T OITKHAL
' Professor Heinksler stated that the
Judges were of the unanimous opinion
that the merits were with the affirmative.
They believed that Mr. Reilly was the
best individual debater and Mr. Me-
Grill's spontaneity impressed them very
much.- . . .
W. A. McGrill. in rebuttal, cleverly an
swered the arguments set forth by Mr.
Boyen. When he concluded the Judges
retired. During their absence Miss Viv
ian Herzog rendered a number of selec
tions. .
He submitted that labor Unions seek to
undermine the very foundation of our
Government. He advised the laboring
man that his true interests lie with his
employer and not outsiders, because his
hope of reward rests with him," and that
the laboring man's secret to success lies
in doing the best he can in every position
he assumes.
Henry Boyen proved a worthy repre
sentative of the San Rafael. High School.
He gave evidence of having experience
in debating. He showed true ability and
delivered an able argument.
Miss Marion Dewey took up the argu
ment and treated the views of the pre
ceding speaker in a cynical vein. She
pointed out the danger of unions and their
lack of value in a community. She said
it was absurd to say that the employer
tries to crush labor, that on the contrary
when business is brisk the employer doea
everything he can to advance the inter
ests of his; employes. She said working,
men should not lose sight of the fact that
strikes tend to destroy industry. She
dwelt on the hardships occasioned by
strikes brought about by labor unions.
She claimed that strikes proved a setback
to the community and an Injury to both
laborer and employer. The speaker main
tained that labor unions are disastrous,
as they cause stagnation in business land
loss of wealth by forcing dissent between
employe and the employer. This being
so she could not see how labor unions
promoted the laboring- man's welfare*
¦\V.j A. McGrill followed. He ridiculed
the statement of the preceding speaker
that Australia had received Its greatest
setback through labor unions. Like his
colleague, Mr. Reilly, the speaker pos
sessed a strong- voice and good delivery.
He clinched his statements with facts and
even delved into statistics to prove that
worklngmen were benefited by labor or
ganizations. -
E. J. Reilly followed. He proved a
forceful speaker. HJs argument was clear
and conclusive and was appreciated by
his auditors. He pointed out the value
of labor unions to the laborer. He
proved that labor had its rights as well
as its duties and that capital had its du
ties as well as its rights. The speaker
argued that labor unions were opposed
to strikes and spent less money In them
than anything they were interested in.
He showed that labor unions are a perma
nent feature of democratic society and
that they are placed as a bulwark cf
economic conditions.
The speaker was heartily cheered for
his splendid paper.
When the applause had subsided Miss
Georgia Doody, a bright young lady,
argued against the question. She con
tended that the raising of wages is often
counterbalanced by' developments that
give the workingmen no real benefit In the
end. .
In labor unions - the individual sacrifices
everything for the good of all. The laboring
man believes that he should be treated de
cently and he should be given fair wages, that
he may live comfortably and his wife care for
his home and his children be kept at school.
In order to secure these rights, organization is
his only hope and salvation. . Kxperlence has
taught him that in union there Is strength.
If the worklngmen remained submissive they
would find themselves in no better condition
than the people of Egypt, who were compelled
by despotic kings to build the pyramids that
they might inter their dead therein and leave
something to make future ages marvel.
Let us survey the economic status of our
people at this time. In every branch of labor
they are receiving better wages and shorter
hours. But even though with all the powers
they possess the tendency of the great corpor
ations has been toward the subjugation of the
worklr.gmen and the» ignoring of their remon
strances. : ' '
A. H. MacDonald, principal of the Lin
coln Evening- Commercial School, pre
sided. The judges of th& contest were
Professor ' Heinksler, •-- Professor Over
street and Judge Alfred J. Fritz.-
R. S. Lawlor was the first speaker. He
said in part:- ' >
The affirmative was taken by the Lin
coln Evening . Commercial School and the
San Rafael High School had the negative.
The former school was represented by R.
S. Lawlor, E. J. Reilly and "W. ;A. Mc-
Grlll. The colors of the San Rafael In
stitution were upheld .by Miss Georgia
Doody, Miss Marion Dewey and Henry
Boyen. •
"When the Judges announced last even
ing that the Lincoln Bvening Commercial
School were victors of the debate the
lusty-lunged, youths in the gallery nearly
raised the roof of the Girls'. High School
building with their yells of delight. The
contest was held under the auspices of
the Debating League of California. The
question argued was: "Resolved, that,
labor unions promote the best Interests
of the worklngmen."
¦ -¦*--¦¦ ¦ ¦ \ . . ¦ . ¦
Capital and Labor Are Ably
Discussed by Clever /
Young Pupils.
Lincoln Evening Com
mercial School Wins
Contest.
LOCAL DEBATERS
ARE VICTORIOUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JANUARY 19; 1902.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point,- entrance to San
J Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. -
, NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street .wharf) •¦ about
twenty- five ¦ minutes later than . at Fort \ Point ;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
¦ Time Ball.
Branch' Hydrographic Office, • U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 18, 1002. i
The Time Ball on 1 the tower of.th* Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1 - e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or/ at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time. " ' ¦_ .
W. H. STANDLBT, ; '
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge.
SAILED. .
,' • • Saturday, January 18.:
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro. " •
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria. ¦
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama and way
ports.
Stmr Soquel, Anderson, Port Blakeley. ¦..
Stmr Pleiades, PurrinKton, Seattle.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
¦ Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendodno.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr Cella. Adler, . - ¦-¦-'¦
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Luella, - Genereaux, — « . .¦'¦.:¦
Ship Oriental. Parker, Oyster Harbor. '¦
Br ship James Kerr, Powles, Queenstown.
Schr Wm'Renton. Thunnell, Whatcom. .
Schr Chas E Falk, Harrington, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN. .
Per bark Kaiulanl — Jan 0, lat 32 24 N, Ion
147 50 \V, bktn W H Dlmond, from Honolulu,
for San Francisco. ¦ . '
i « TELEGRAPHIC. ' . . :
POINT LOBOS, Jan 18, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind E, velocity 8 miles per hour. 1
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 18,' 10i50 am—
Stmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo, for Port Loa
Angeles.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Jan 17— Schr Jas
A Garrleld and echr Peerless, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr Sequoia. hencV Jan 14.
Arrived Jan 18 — Schr Jas H Bruce, from
San Pedro. ¦ , ¦ -.. . . ¦ - . ¦ -. . - :
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan IS— Stmrs Lakme and
Columbia, for San Francisco; Fr < bark Du
quesne, for San Francisco. ¦ .-<•'.'¦.
Arrived Jan IS— Br ship Cambrian Warrior,
from Valparaiso: - ¦ *' ''
NEAH BAY— Passed In Jan 18—Stmr.Pro
rreso, for Seattle: echr Fanny Dutard. from
Ventura, for Port Blakeley; Br ship Dudhope,
from Hongkong; schr Muriel, from Honolulu;
stmr Queen, hence Jan 16, for Victoria.
Sailed outward Jan 18— Schr W H Talbot,
for Shanjhal.
COOS BAY — Arrived Jan 17 — Schr Eliza Mil
ler, hence Jan 4. Jan 18 — Stmr Signal, . hence
Jan l(i. . .,..-..- ....
" SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 18— Schr Una,
from Coos Bay.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 18—
Stmr State of California, from San Diego, for
San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 17 — Br shls Inchape Rock, for
Oregon. Jan. IS — Br ship Earl Cadoxan, for
Oregon. •
FORT B"RAGG— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Arc
tic, hence . •. ¦
Sailed Jan 18— Stmr National City, for San
HUENEME— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Aberdeen,
for Port Harford. . ¦ „:
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ .- . .
BAN DON — Sailed Jan.. 18 — Stmr Arsro, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr- Dlrigo,
from Skagway; stmr Chico, from Mayes Land
ing.
Br ship Nelson has not sailed.
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 18 — Stmr Brunswick,
hence Jan 17. . " - ' < \
> Sailed Jan IS — Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran-
Cisco. ' •* '• * . -
. Arrived Jan 18 — Stmr Pomona, hence Jan 17.
Sailed Jan 18— Schr Lyman D Foster, for
Australia. ¦ '•: • .
PORT. GAMBLE — Sailed Jan 18 — Bktn City
of Papeete, for' San Francisco. • A
/ FOREIGN PORTS. ¦
NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 18— Nor stmr Tita
nla, hence Jan 14.
Sailed Jan 18 — Aus ,. stmr Maria, for Saa
Diego. ' - • ;
¦ VICTORIA— Sailed Jan IS— Br ship Spring
bank, for Vancouver. . ' . '
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 13— Br ship Liver
pool, to load for San Francisco. Jan 10 — Aus
stmr Klek, hence Oct 22. . ¦ -
CHANARAL— Sailed Jan 13 — Br bark Qlen
mark, for Frnser River., '-¦•-"•
SINGAPORE: — Arrived Jan 16 — Br stmr
Teenkai, from Seattle, and sailed for Liverpool.
CALLAO— Arrived Jan 18-^chr Bainbrldge,
from Port Blakeley."-^-.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .'
NEW YORK — Sailed Jari 18 — Stmr Manitou.
for London: stmr Trave, for Genoa, Naples,
etc; stmr Palatia, for Hamburg; stmr Etruria,
for Liverpool. ,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Jan 18— Stmr
Coptic, for San . Francisco.' via Honolulu, for
Hongkong; «tmr Tosa'Maru, from Seattle.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan IS — Stmr Cym
ric, from New York.
Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Umbrla, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr- Kensing
ton, for New York. : ' '.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan ' 18 — Stmr . La Cham
pagne, for New York. '
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 18 — Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for New York. i,.
CARDIFF— Arrived Jan 18 — Stmr Hero, from
Tacoma: via St Vincent.
' . ;
Charles T. Thompson; . a laboring man,
brought t to j the . Morgue ' yesterday the
dead body : of : a i still-born . female child
that \ he < had found ; wrapped j In • old \ rags
in the' Market-street cut- : .
¦ 1 ¦ ¦ * - - -_¦¦:¦¦¦¦¦¦: ¦*¦¦,•'¦', ¦-'¦¦
» : ¦¦ ¦¦"¦ - ' ¦''¦¦ ¦'• . '.-. -•
Dead . .Infant Pound.
. NOTK— In the above exposition of .'the! tides
the early morning tides are ; given in r the 'left
hand ¦ column : and the - successive tided of the
day. In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives. the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three, tides, as
Bometime3 occurs. The heights given • ar« in
addition to the soundings ot the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except -when a, minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then tha numbei
given is subtracted from the depth given by tba
The "soldier boys" of the First Chris
tian Church, on Twelfth street, between
Howard and Mission, will present the
church with an American : ensign for -use
In the main auditorium to-night. Rev.
J: H. Macomber, chaplain U. S. Army, re
tired, will deliver the presentation ad
dress. The. boys will have charge of . the
services and an . entertaining programme
has been prepared. .
Flag for Christian Church.
Auditor Baehr discovered yesterday that
the Board of Public "Works has been In
the habit of paying: bills for buggy ; hire
and I stationery out of what \ is designated
as I the "Tearing up • street \ fund." Th 3
fund " named ; is -made up J of 'moneys de
posited by property owners who make ap
plication for., the building- .1 of side sewers
to cover the expense. " In future .the Audi
tor will not sign 'demands , for buggy hire
and stationery, unless they are drawn on
the proper fund.
Bills for Buggy Hire.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 19.
Sun rises ........ .;._....-....•...... 7:23
Sun sets .."... .V 8 :18
Moon aets ..:............¦¦¦.'..... ..2:48 a. m.
. ARRIVED. ./¦
•i. , Saturday, January 18.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, 6 days from Port
land, etc, via Eureka. " f . , • .
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, 15 hours from Bo wens
Landing.
... Stmr Greenwood, Fajcerlund, . 15 hours .from
Greenwood. s
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 7 days from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City 34 hours.- ,
Bark Kalulanl. Dabel, 18 days from Hono
lulu. ., . - ¦ ......
• Schr Newark. Cransle, 12 hours from
Bowenfl Landing. . " ,
Schr Esther Buhne, Salvesen, 8 days from
Gravs Harbor. '
/;;<C ••-•.-:.- CLEARED.- >.!;>.
Saturday. , January . 18. j
Stmr Newport. Saunders, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mall SS Co. - 1 '. • .
• < Stmr John S KlmbalL, Thwlng, Seattle; E T
Knise. r >
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu; Welch &
Co. .
- Bark Coloma, Beck,. Callao; Balfour, Guth
1 rie & Co. . ;
Shipping Intelligence.
Railroad Ties for Peru.
The bark Coloma was cleared yesterday for
Callao. Peru, with 21,445 railroad ties, valued
at $8578. :\j . • ¦ ¦¦ 1 . . - .. :•
The British ship Donna Francisca will load
wheat at Tacoma for Europe at 35s. chartered
prior to arrival. The barkentlne Coronado loads
merchandise here for Honolulu. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The following named constitute the
committee which has the arrangements
in charge:, George Jaeger, president of
the Verein", and Messrs, Christ Stader,
D. Brune, Frank Herten, Alvln Fischer,
John Stegemann, H. Drews, Julius Mey
er. D.,Stegemann, L. Keith,- Carl Schaef
er, William Gerkenand J. Dold. ']-¦•'/
The Mission Turn Vereln will give its
annual masquerade ball on Saturday
evening, January 25, In its hall on Eight
eenth street, near Valencia. The society
has rariie elaborate preparations and. an
effort will be made to have this festival
surpass those which have been held in
previous years. The grand march, head
ed by the carnival prince and princess,
attired In their regal habiliments and
followed by their merry courtiers, will
be commenced at 9 o'clock. At the con
clusion of the grand march the . merry
making will be duly inaugurated by an
address from the prince to his loyal sub
jects. ,;*?:::.
Grand March Will be Headed by
Prince and Princess in Reg-al
Attire..
The tramp steamer Willowdene, which
has been transformed into a floating barn,
will sail on Wednesday with 700 mules for
the Colonial Sugar Refining Company at
Fiji. She also carries some cargo for Syd
ney.
Willowdene Sails Wednesday.
MISSION TTJHN VEEEIN
" .TO GIVE ANNUAX BAXL
The steamship Carlisle City, which left
here November 17 for St. Vincent, has
put In at Pernambuco owing to sickness
aboard. Mrs. Patterson, wife of the cap
tain, is dead and several of the ship's
company are still seriously ill.
Death Calls Captain's Wife.
Grave fears are • entertained for the
safety of the British ship Kelverdale,
bound from Manila to Puget Sound. It Is
almost certain that she encountered the
typhoon reported by the transport Meade,
and reinsurance on her. was yesterday
quoted at 20 per cent,- ' ..
Fears for Safety of Kelverdale.
Considerable interest has been awak
ened by the shipbuilding statistics recent
ly received from Great Britain for the
year 1901. During that year 1233 vessels
were launched in • the United Kingdom,
representing 1,797,675 tons and 1,476,818
horsepower. The launchingg include 870
ships, aggregating 857,690 tons, for foreign
and colonial owners. The output of the
Clyde shipyards for the last year was the
largest on record. For the first time the
total tonnage exceeded a half-million.
British Shipbuilding.
The British ship Wayfarer, which ar
rived on Friday evening from Hull, en
countered ' terrific . weather rounding the
Horn. All the way around the cape and
as far as 50 degrees south a northwesterly
gale made life a burden for the Wayfar
er's officers. and crew. The captain's re
port of the trip reads like the description
of a whirlwind, but reaches a calm con
clusion. It finishes: "We met the north
wind on January 15 and it brought us to
port." . '
fiad Beal Cape Horn Weather.
The French bark Max was yesterday
moved from Green-street wharf to How
ard-street No. 1, where she at once be
came the center of attraction for the
large crowd of Saturday afternoon water
front promenaders. Her.crushed-in bow
tells with realistic emphasis of the force
of the blow that sent the Walla Walla to
the bottom. She will be placed on the
drydock to-morrow or Tuesday.
Max Now at Howard Street.
The War Department has granted per
mission to the Dawson and White Horse
Navigation Company to erect wharves,
warehouses and store huildings at St. Mi
chael, Alaska, thereby breaking up the
combination that has existed there for
some years. St. Michael Island is a mili
tary reservation, and only those on the
ground when the Government took pos
session have been allowed to do business
there. In the past the Dawson and White
Horse Company has been compelled to
handle freight on the bay. The last cargo
of that company was received so late that
it had to be stored in barges, and most of
it became a loss during the winter. ] ,
New Wharves at St. Michael.
THE Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Newport sailed at noon yes
terday for Panama. She carried
a large cargo but not very many
passengers. -There were eight pas
sengers in the steerage, fifteen Chinese,
end in the cabin the following:
For Mazatlan— I. H. Polk and family, E. F.
Harris. L. B. Hawkins, C. Ovalle and wife,
Mrs. S. Arana, J. J. Traynor, T. R. Randall.
J. A. Echlln and A. C. Reehl. . .
For Manzanillo — F. Torres.
For Ocas— -Miss E. Ramirez.
For San Jose de Guatemala — Dr. T. Yela
Jr., Mrs. A. A. Yela, Miss L. Yela and A.
Satter.
For Panama — A. R. Patterson, C. H. Call
dricott, G. L. Dwight, T. W. Dwlght and A.
N. Colter. /
Government Permits the Building of New Wharves at St. Michael.
/ Ship Wavfarer Rounds Horniri Stoimy Weather-— Fears Enter
mined for Safety of Ship Kelv^
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP NEWORT
SAILS FOR ISTHMUS OF PANAMA
39
. Tlmel Time lime Thn« ••¦* ¦
»^ :. Ft. Ft. Ft Ft,
• [L. W H ,W L_JW H W j,
igT* 0:21 ,2.8 6:48 6.8 2:02 0.1 0:09 4.0
20 1:25 2.0 7:46 ; 6.7 2:56— 0.4 10:04 4.3
•1 2:25 2.8 8:46 6.9 . 8 :4» — 0.8 10:52 4.6
&» 3:23 2.8 0:39 6.0 4;34 —1.0 11:36 4.9
23 4 :lii 2.7 10:30 5.0 5:19 —Q.b
H W I<" W . H W L W .
24 ; 0:10 , 5.1 5:09 2.6 11:20 B.8 6:01—0.S
25 1:00 ' 5.2 6:02 . 2.4 12:10 6.6 6:43— 04
20 1:40 '. 5.3 6;CC > 2.2 1:01 6.2 7:24 .,0.2
'22
Arcata. ......
Santa Barb. .
Mackinaw . . .
Lakme
Coos Bay.....
State of Cal..
Argo. ........
Tellus
Herodot......
Phoenix
Rival
Pomona \
W. H. Krugei
Columbia
Crescent Clty s
Empire. ... ..
G. Dollar. . . .
Washtenaw.v
Czarina.....
Argyll.......
Nome City. . .
Eureka-
Alameda
Coronado... .
City Puebla..
North Fork..
Bonita
Santa Ana. . .
Santa Rosa. .
Pt. Arena....
Despatch.....
Sequoia. .....
d. TV. Elder.
State of Cal..
China........
Curacao. v . . .
Sierra........
Queen
Coos Bay. ...
Rainier. .....
Steamer.
Coos Bay & Ft. Orford.
Grays Harbor : .
Tacoma
Portland & Astoria ...
Newport & Way Ports.
San Diego it Way Ports
Coqullle River
! Oyster Harbor
iSeattle
Mendocino ¦.
Willapa Harbor ;.
Humboldt j ...|
San Pedro
Portland & Astoria ....
Crescent City
Coos Bay ..." v. ..';.'
Ventura • ......'.'.... .-...'
Tacoma
Seattle & Tacoma
New York via Panama.
San Pedro
Humboldt ".....
Honolulu
San Pedro |
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ....'....
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma
San Diego & Way Pts
Point Arena •.
San Pedro .............
Grays Harbor...
Portland & Astoria ....
Ran Diego & . "Way Pts.
China & Japan ;.......
Mexican - Ports ¦
Sydney & Way Ports..
Puget Sound Ports ..v.
Newport & Way • Ports.
Seattle & N. "VVhatcom.
From.
I Dim.
I Jan. 10
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. 13
Jan. 19
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. £0
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 30
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. Xi
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 24
Jan. 23
Jan. 26
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 28
b learner.
Destination.
ISails.j Pier.
[ .1
[Sails.
Eureka. . . .
Santa Kosa
Kan Pedro.
J. Kim ball.
January 19.
Humboldt .'
San Diego & Way...
Humboldt.
Seattle & Tacorna...
..January 20.
Grays Harbor
Coqullle River
Tillamoolt Bay
Grays Harbor ......
January 21.
Grays Harbor
Coos B. &Pt. Orford
Portland & Way Pta.
Coos Bay
Coquille River ......
China & Japan ....
Puget Sound Ports..
January 22.
Astoria & Portland.
Hamburg & Way...|
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland.
Grays - Harbor . . : . .
Ban Diego & Way...
Newport & Way....
- | January 23. .
IvOB Angeles Ports..
"VVillapa Harbor ....]
Astoria & Portland, i
- Junnary i 25. .
Point ' Arena ,
Humboldt .'....:
Honolulu ...........
¦ Janvarr 2G. '
; Newport & Way Pts.
Puget Sound "Ports. |
Seattle & Tacoma. .
" January 27.
Grays Harbor '.
January 28. -
N. Y. via Panama..
Panama & Way Pts:
Astoria ; & Portland.
9 am Pier 13
Oam Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
llOamPier 2
Chehalls...
Mandalay.
W. Kruger.
Kewburg..
5 pm|Pler28
5 pmlPier 2
12 mjPleria
I 6 pmlPier 2
G. Dollar..
Arcata. . . .
Alliance...
Empire....
Argo
Gaelic
Umatilla..;
"BpralPler 2
12 m [Pier 13
10 am.Plerie
12 m Pier 13
12 m Pier 2
1 pm PMS3
11 am Pier 0
¦ ¦ , I -
Lakme. ...
Herodot:..'
Pomona...
C. Nelson..
Coronado..
State Cat..
Coos Bay..
I 5 pm Pier 2
I.. Pier 34
11:30 p Pier 0
SamiPier 2
6 piniPier 2
» am Pier 11
0 am I Pier 11
Nome City.
Rival......
Columbia..
I • ¦ -. I V
I 3 pmlPier. 3
I (Pier 2
IllamiPlerlU
Point Arena
North Fork
Alameda. .
2 pm Pier 1
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
Bonlta.....
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Sequoia*. . . .
Oam Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 10
12 m PMSS
11 am|Pier24
Argyll... 1 ..
City ParaJ .
O. Elder:..
Steamer.
'or.
ia.Ha.
ai-ki ;......
Dirigo. ......
Excelsior....
Skagway &-Way Ports. Jan. ,20
Skag^ay & "Way. Port*. Jan. 21
. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 25
Arcata. ......
Santa Barb. .
Mackinaw . . .
Lakme
Coos Bay.....
State of Cal..
Argo. ........
Tellus
Herodot......
Phoenix
Rival
Pomona \
W. H. Krugei
Columbia
Crescent Clty s
Empire. ... ..
G. Dollar. . . .
Washtenaw.v
Czarina.....
Argyll.......
Nome City. . .
Eureka-
Alameda
Coronado... .
City Puebla..
North Fork..
Bonita
Santa Ana. . .
Santa Rosa. .
Pt. Arena....
Despatch.....
Sequoia. .....
d. TV. Elder.
State of Cal..
China........
Curacao. v . . .
Sierra........
Queen
Coos Bay. ...
Rainier. .....
Steamer.
Coos Bay & Ft. Orford.
Grays Harbor : .
Tacoma
Portland & Astoria ...
Newport & Way Ports.
San Diego it Way Ports
Coqullle River
! Oyster Harbor
iSeattle
Mendocino ¦.
Willapa Harbor ;.
Humboldt j ...|
San Pedro
Portland & Astoria ....
Crescent City
Coos Bay ..." v. ..';.'
Ventura • ......'.'.... .-...'
Tacoma
Seattle & Tacoma
New York via Panama.
San Pedro
Humboldt ".....
Honolulu
San Pedro |
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ....'....
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle & Tacoma
San Diego & Way Pts
Point Arena •.
San Pedro .............
Grays Harbor...
Portland & Astoria ....
Ran Diego & . "Way Pts.
China & Japan ;.......
Mexican - Ports ¦
Sydney & Way Ports..
Puget Sound Ports ..v.
Newport & Way • Ports.
Seattle & N. "VVhatcom.
From.
I Dim.
I Jan. 10
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. 13
Jan. 19
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. 19
Jan. 10
Jan. £0
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 30
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. 22
Jan. Xi
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 23
Jan. 24
Jan. 23
Jan. 26
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 27
Jan. 28
b learner.
Destination.
ISails.j Pier.
[ .1
[Sails.
Eureka. . . .
Santa Kosa
Kan Pedro.
J. Kim ball.
January 19.
Humboldt .'
San Diego & Way...
Humboldt.
Seattle & Tacorna...
..January 20.
Grays Harbor
Coqullle River
Tillamoolt Bay
Grays Harbor ......
January 21.
Grays Harbor
Coos B. &Pt. Orford
Portland & Way Pta.
Coos Bay
Coquille River ......
China & Japan ....
Puget Sound Ports..
January 22.
Astoria & Portland.
Hamburg & Way...|
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland.
Grays - Harbor . . : . .
Ban Diego & Way...
Newport & Way....
- | January 23. .
IvOB Angeles Ports..
"VVillapa Harbor ....]
Astoria & Portland, i
- Junnary i 25. .
Point ' Arena ,
Humboldt .'....:
Honolulu ...........
¦ Janvarr 2G. '
; Newport & Way Pts.
Puget Sound "Ports. |
Seattle & Tacoma. .
" January 27.
Grays Harbor '.
January 28. -
N. Y. via Panama..
Panama & Way Pts:
Astoria ; & Portland.
9 am Pier 13
Oam Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
llOamPier 2
Chehalls...
Mandalay.
W. Kruger.
Kewburg..
5 pm|Pler28
5 pmlPier 2
12 mjPleria
I 6 pmlPier 2
G. Dollar..
Arcata. . . .
Alliance...
Empire....
Argo
Gaelic
Umatilla..;
"BpralPler 2
12 m [Pier 13
10 am.Plerie
12 m Pier 13
12 m Pier 2
1 pm PMS3
11 am Pier 0
¦ ¦ , I -
Lakme. ...
Herodot:..'
Pomona...
C. Nelson..
Coronado..
State Cat..
Coos Bay..
I 5 pm Pier 2
I.. Pier 34
11:30 p Pier 0
SamiPier 2
6 piniPier 2
» am Pier 11
0 am I Pier 11
Nome City.
Rival......
Columbia..
I • ¦ -. I V
I 3 pmlPier. 3
I (Pier 2
IllamiPlerlU
Point Arena
North Fork
Alameda. .
2 pm Pier 1
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
Bonlta.....
City Puebl
Santa Ana.
Sequoia*. . . .
Oam Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 10
12 m PMSS
11 am|Pier24
Argyll... 1 ..
City ParaJ .
O. Elder:..
. Tlmel Time lime Thn« ••¦* ¦
»^ :. Ft. Ft. Ft Ft,
• [L. W H ,W L_JW H W j,
igT* 0:21 ,2.8 6:48 6.8 2:02 0.1 0:09 4.0
20 1:25 2.0 7:46 ; 6.7 2:56— 0.4 10:04 4.3
•1 2:25 2.8 8:46 6.9 . 8 :4» — 0.8 10:52 4.6
&» 3:23 2.8 0:39 6.0 4;34 —1.0 11:36 4.9
23 4 :lii 2.7 10:30 5.0 5:19 —Q.b
H W I<" W . H W L W .
24 ; 0:10 , 5.1 5:09 2.6 11:20 B.8 6:01—0.S
25 1:00 ' 5.2 6:02 . 2.4 12:10 6.6 6:43— 04
20 1:40 '. 5.3 6;CC > 2.2 1:01 6.2 7:24 .,0.2
'22
Steamer.
'or.
ia.Ha.
ai-ki ;......
Dirigo. ......
Excelsior....
Skagway &-Way Ports. Jan. ,20
Skag^ay & "Way. Port*. Jan. 21
. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 25
FTTNERAL DIHECTORS and EMBALM-
EES, to 22* and 220 McAllister et. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy st. Tel. South 252.>
/V\cGlN>J BROS.,
REMOVED!
Samuel Mcfadden. 18 year, manager for
the United Undertaker* Association; M. J
McErearty, with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Kunerai Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Kirhth. Telephone Bouth 44.
JNEW HHM OH U.NDiirfTAKtiRS
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
8 29 rtfth St. Tel.South ur
rUKERAL DIRECTORS AMD EMBALMERS.
nnest Equipment at Moderate Rat r«T
CAN BRUNO HILLS.
CFFXE 91G MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Minirw,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAHWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROaI
Via Sausalito Ferry '
Commencing September 29, 1901
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL. •"*"'"
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, 'Q-AS, 6:45 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill - Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at »:»O and 11:40 p. m. • "
SUNDAYS— '8:00. 'lO-.W, »ll:30 a. m., »1:13
3-15, *i:ii, 6:30, 9:20 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— '5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 1013
a. m.. »12:25. 2:15. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 n. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. • Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— «: 15. •3:00.. »10:00. »11:45 a. m..
•1:40. *3: 15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 8:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a m., 12:35, 2:43, 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m,. 12:03, 2:15.
3:30, 5:00, 6:45 'p. m.
.. THROUGH TRAINS.
<: 6:53 a. m. week, days — Cazadero and way
stations. . ' • ' . -
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. . . .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and. way
stations. . ' ¦ ¦ •¦ .
Legal Holiday boats and trains will rua oa
t j«w^ay tlma.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Fl&nnagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mcr. ¦ '
FUNERAL DIRECTQRS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth ct.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
.Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.kcarELLIS Z£? 505(3
PURCELL — In this city. January 18, 1902, An-
-drew Purcell. a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years. . '¦>'.. '-;.•*
QUILL— In this city, January 16, 1902,- Tim-
othy Quill, beloved son of the late Catherine
and Michael Quill, a native of Washington,
D. C, aged 3-t years. ,
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 19. 1902, at 12 o'clock, from the
parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305- Montxomery
avenue, thence to St. Brigld's Church, where
service* will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REDMOND— In this city, January 17. 1902, at
the residence of the parents. 926 Halght
etrcet, of diphtheria, Kathryn Rosemary, be-
loved daughter of John T. and Mary Red-
mond, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 7 months.
ICT Interment private.
REDMOND— In this city, January 17, 1902.
Mary, beloved wife of Patrick Redmond, and
mother of Aloysius and John Redmond, and
.sister-in-law of Dennis Redmond, a native
3f County Wicklow, Ireland, aged 63 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 419 First avenue, between Clement
street and Point Lobos avenue, thence to
the Star of the Sea Church, where services
will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city, January 17, 1902,
Charles Robinson, a native of Ireland, aged
C2 years.
ROCHE— In this city, January 18>1902. Minna
M., beloved wife of James 'E. Roche, and
daughter of Mrs. J. McDonald, a native of
Boston. Mass., aged 30 years. • ,
SCHMIDT— In this city, January 16, 1902,
Joseph Schmidt, beloved husband of Sophie,
and father of Ben J.. Marcus J. and Philip
J. Schmidt and Mrs. M. Nathan, a native of
Frankfort, Germany, aged W> years and 16
days. ,
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
from the Bush-street Temple, Bush street,
near Laguna, where cervices will be held at
9:30 o'clock shary. Interment Home of.
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets (special cars).
CONGREGATION Ohabat Shalome— Notice :
Officers and members of Congregation Oha-
bai Shalome are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother and
member, Joseph Schmidt, from the^ Bush-
street Synagogue at 9:30 o'clock Sunday. By
order of MAURICE KAHN, President.
M. L. STERN. Secretary.
SMITH— In this city. January . 18, 1902, Roy,
beloved son of B. J. and the late Emma E.
Smith, and brother of Edith, Minnie. Clive
and Irene Smith, a native of Sydney; Avs-
tralla, aged 19 years 4 months and 24 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 705 CaDP street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
STANLEY— In this city, January 18, 1902,
Annie C. relict of Charles A. Stanley, and
beloved mother of Charles T., Georee A.
and David M. Stanley, Mrs. Thomas H.
Griffin, Mrs. Frank J. Murasky and Cornelia
J. Stanley, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 67 years and 1 month.
CNotlee of funeral hereafter. /-'Kindly
omit flowers.
THOMPSON — In this city, January 19, 1902,
Mildred, beloved daughter of Jacob and
Hanna Thompson, sister of Walter and Olga
Thompson, and granddaughter of Mrs. Han-
nah Cauley, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 5 months and 28 days.
THORNAGLE— In this city, at her residence,
2319 Larkin street, January 15, 1902, Agnes,
beloved wife of Christian Thornagle, mother
of Alexander J.. John C. Edna M. and
Crystal A. Thornasle. and sister, of Mrs. H.
J. Wrirht and Alexander" Stewart, a native
of San Francisco, ased 43 years 9 month*
and 7 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 19, at 1 o'clock, from the audi-
torium of Native Sons' building. 414 Mason
6treet. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriaje..
ALTA Parlor No. 3, N. D. G. W.— Members
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late treasurer. Mrs. Agnes Thornagje, Sun-
day, January 19. at 1 o'clock, fronPKative
Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street. By order of
MRS. J. S. NOONAN, President.
C. L. FAULKNER, Secretary.
GRAND officers and D. D. G. P. residing In
San Francisco and vicinity are requested to
attend the funeral of the late Agnes Thorn-
agle, Sunday, January 19, at 1 o'clock, from
Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street. By
order of
GEXEVIEVE BAKER. Grand Pres.
LAURA J. FRAKES. Grand Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Martha Washing-
ton Council No. 2. D. .of L., are requested to
attend the funeral of our late sister, - Agnes
Thornagle, Sunday, at 1 o'clock, from Native
Sons' Hall, Mason street. By order
MAGGIE . RALEIGH. Councilor.
D. A. HEMPHILL. Secretary.
UHL— In this city. January 18. 1902, Felix
Uhl, a native of Paris. France, aged 83
years. "»
ICyRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 707 Mission street.
UNGER— In Oakland, January 16, 1902,
Henry Unger, belo\-ed brother. of Mrs.- Louise
Bauer and Mrs. Emma Kaissr, a native of
Genre ny. aged 59 years and 7 months.
E3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday,' January 19, 1902, at 3 o'clock, at
I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of Eleventh and
Fraiiklin streets, Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. .
VOLZ — In this citv, January 17, 1902. Au-
gusta M. Volz. dearly beloved daughter of
Mrs. B. WettlK, beloved stepdaughter of
Theo. Wettig, and sister of Lizzie E.. Au-
gust G.. George W. and Fred W. Volz and
Mrs. C. M. Foltz, a native of Galena, 111.,
- acred 33 yearn ."> months and 5 days. (Ga-
lena papers please copy.)
E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,, at her
late residence. 232 Twelfth street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
WELLE — In Oakland, January 17, 1002, Fred-
erick William, belove<l husband of Emma
Welle, and father of Fred C, Edwin P. and
Henry C. Welle, a native of Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 67 years 3 months and IS days.
BryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at hia late
residence, 506 Jones street, Oakland. Crema-
tion at Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco.
WEXZEL — In this city, January 17. 1902. at
her residence, 191CA Golden Gate avenue.
May -A., dearly beloved wife of Rudolph G.
Wenzel, beloved mother of Walter Wenzel,
and devoted daughter cf William and Mary
A. Fshrenkrug, a native of San Francisco.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fullj' Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at .2 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence. IV 16A Golden. Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cf iss Church. Eddy street, between
Scott and Devlsadero, for services at .2:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Crora Cemetery, by
special car from Third and Townsend streets
at 3:30 o'clock.
WILEY— In this city. January 16, 1902, Fran-
cis A., beloved son of the late Charles and
Mary Wiley, a native of San Francisco.
CSTuneral- private. Remains at the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2475 Mission elreet, near
Twenty-first,
YUNG — In San Jose, January 17, 1902, Rosina
Yung, widow of the late Nicholas Yung, and,
beloved mother of C. D. Postel. Mrs. Bertha
Kron. Mrs. F. A. Church and Mrs. Kelly
Rubs^II. aged 70 years 1 month and 4 days.
(E7"Tne funpral cervices will be held Sun-
day, at 1:30 o'clock, at the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. Bertha Kron. 132(5 Golden
Gate avenue, near Stelner street. Inter-
ment j>rl\'ate.
IL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
nt 1:SO o'clock, from his late residence. 3678
Sixteenth street, near Castro. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetei7.
OFFICERS and members of Court Zenith No.
?1. F. of A., are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. T. B. Moore,
from his late residence. 3678 Sixteenth street,
near Castro, Sunday. January 19, at 2 o'clock
fharp. By order of
Mi T. ALLIMAX. Chief Ranger.
WILLIAM A. LYNCH. Fin. Sec.
Mt'RPHY — In this city. January 18, 1902, at
t]Of»U Vandewater street. Elizabeth, beloved
Ti-ife of ' Michael Murphy, lovlni? mother of
Mrs. Efohard J. Cavanau?h. Mrs. Joseoh I.
Flynn and John J. Murphy, aunt of Joseph-
ine Murphy, and sister-in-law of William
Murphy of Santa Cruz, a native of Thurles,
Ccmnty Tipperary. Ireland^ aged C3 years.
TALUKR — In thi« city. January 18. 1902. at
his residence. 3121 Twenty-pixth street. Wil-
liam F. Palmer, beloved brother of Mlaa
Ester Palmer and the late Phoebe Palmer, a
native of New York, aged 72 years.
CE7Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers cf Lincoln Corps, W. R. C, and Loyal
Circle. C. O. F., are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral Tuesday, at 1 o'clock,
from the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.,
313 O'Farrel! street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
MOORE — In this city. January 17. 1902,
Thomas B. Moore, a native of Ireland, aged
5» years 1 month and 19 days. A member of
Court Zenith No. 21, F. of A.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Bervices
Tuesday, January 21, 1002, at 2:30 o'clock.
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau.
gomery avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
MEHRMANN — In Oakland, at S32 Isabella
street. January 17, 1&C2. Mary, daughter of
Dr. J. F. and Catherine Mehrmann. and
sister of Dr. H. B. Mehrmann of Oakland
and Fred Mehrmann of Sutter Creek, Cal.,
a native of Chicaeo, 111., eged 25 years 8
months and 11 days.
MILNE — In this city. January 17. 1902. Mrs.
I-#i!lie C. Milne, mother of George II. and
Walter O. Milne, and dearly beloved mother
of Florence E. Dermody, a native of Bristol,
England. A charter member of Lincoln Corps
No. 3, W. R. C, and a member of Loyal Cir-
cle No. 179. C. O. F.
tyFrienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Attend the funeral Monday,
at 11 o'clock, from her late residence. 1723
<"iay street. Interment private, at Cyprets
Lawn Cemetery.
McAVOY — An anniversary requiem low mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of Mary E., wife of Edward A. McEvoy, and
sister of John J. and Thomas F. Boyle, at
St. Francis Church. Vallejo street and Mont-
gomery avenue. Monday. January 20, at 8
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend^
MeCRACXEN — In this city. January 17. 1902,
Mary McCracken, a native of Ireland, aged
45 years.
MARINCOVICH — At her home, 1104 San Ju-
lian street, Los Angeles, January 14, 1902,
Catharine Marincovich, beloved wife of Peter
Marincovich, and beloved mother of Rita.
Kaay and Stella Marincovich. aged 45 years.
leaves five brothers — L. G. Sresovich cf
San Francisco. R. Sresovlch of Lompoc, Cal.,
J. Sresovich, N. Sresovich and F. B. Sresi-
vlch cf Los Angeles. Also three sisters —
Mrs. L. G. Radulovich of Tucson, Ariz..
Mrs. Pauline Ridoln of Trieste. Austria, and
Mrs. T. Lazarevich of Los Ansreles.
MAITJX — In this city. January 18. 1902,
Jean B. Maurin, grandfather of Adolphe
f-hate, a native of France, aged S3 years 11
months and 12 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. January 21. 1902. at 10 o'clock, at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn. Cemetery.
LTON— In this city. January IS, 1902, Mrs.
Mary A. Lyon, beloved mother of Mrs. CD.
Ladd. -Rnd sister of Oliver and Amos A.
Sanders, a native of Woodstock, Conn., aged
TS years.
E7" Friends are renoectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday. January 20, at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 1319 Guer-
rero street, thence to St. James Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from corner Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets. Please omit
flowers.
LE1IM — In Plattsmouth, Nebr.; Lucinda
Lemm. beloved mother of Charles F. Lemm
of San Francisco, a native of New York,
a^ed 77 years.
LOUGHLIN — In this city. January 18. 1902,
L,ulu 1-outrhlin. beloved wife, of William
Loug-hlin. loving mother of Ethel, Gertrude,
Pearl, Elsie. William and Flofenee Lough-
lln, daughter of Mrs. Bertha G. Colen, and
lister of John, Frank. Louis and Everett
Colen. a native of Boston. Mass.
C5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1603 Fil'.more street, corner Geary.
and thence by 11 :30 o'clock train to New
Salem Cemetery fcr interment.
LEDDIN— In this city, January 17. 1902,
James, beloved husband of the late Annie
Leddin. and uncle of Mrs. Ellen Connelly,
a native of the City of Ltmerick. Ireland,
aged TS years 4 months and 2 days. (New
York papers please copy.)
IcyFuneral services will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of Clark &. Booth, 1017 Fourth itreet,
Sacramento.
KCRLAXDZIK— In this city. January 18.
l»02. Minnie Kurlandzlk. beloved mother of
Dora. Rachael, Agues, Helen, Susie and
Leon Kurlandzik, beloved daughter of H.
Samuel, and beloved sister of Mrs. D. Ben-
nett. Mrs. J. Lazarus, Mrs. H. Weiss of New
York. Mrs. D. Mendel. Mrs. L. Levine and
Louis Samuel, a native of Germany, aged 45
year*.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking parlors of
G. Iaccheri, «29 Broadway. Interment Lau-
rel HiU Cemetery. ¦ - '
JOHNSON— In this city. January 18, 1902,
Clara L.. beloved daughter of Barnard and
Elizabeth Bohnson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 7 months and 28 days.
EAUFFMAXK — In Sacramento, January 16,
1902, Jacob, beloved husband of Emma
KaufTmann, and father of Fred and Lizzie
KauSmann, a native of Germany, aged 50
' years S months and 13 days.
CbTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, *C5 Powell street, near Post. Inter-
ment private.
HAMILTON— In this city, January 17, 1902,
Robert D.. husband of Elizabeth Hamilton
. of 673 Twenty-seventh street, Oakland, a
native of Ireland, aged SS years.
HILL — In this city. January 16. 1902. Jcshie
HUl. beloved daughter of the late Margarett
and William A. Reed, and sister of Charles
Reed, Mrs. Otto Ernst, Mrs. Chris Rose,
Mrs. M. Ksegan and the late George Reed,
a native of i~an Francisco, aged 32 years 7
months and 3 days.
cryrienils and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. li:;7 Mission street, be-
iween Seventh and Klghth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by .electric funetal car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GUMMER— In this city. January 18. 1902.
Frederick Channint. beloved husband of
Emma Gummer, a. native of Australia, aged
CO years.
E7Kriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
r Sunday). »t 1:^0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Oak Grove avenue, between Fifth
r.ni Sixth. Harrison and Bryant streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GROSS— In this city. January 17, 1902, Mar-
tha E.. beloved wife of Fred W. Gross, and
mctber of Willie. Fred and Charlie Gross, a
native of Germany, aged 31 years and 11
months.
<juiem hijrh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment at
San Ralafil, by 11 o'clock Sausalito boat.
GOLLY— In Baden. Austria. November 20.
1901, Leon Gclly. beloved brother or Am-
broise, Jcsaph and August Golly, a natives of
Alsace, aged 50 vears 7 months and 11 days.
CyFriends and aCQUaintanees are respect-,
*-v\\y invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 13 1902 at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner "Twelfth and Washington
*>treeta. Oakland. Services under the aus-
5HCC6 of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and A. M.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In Merced. Cal., January 4. 1902,
Elizabeth, beloved wife "of John. Graham, a
native of Illinois, aged 12 years.
GKAMLICH— In this city. January 17. 1902.
Jeanr.etta. dearly beloved wife of Sebastian
Gramlich, and devoted mother of Hermann
Qramlich and Mrs. D. P. McCani;6h. and
*is4er of Daniel Hoffmann, a native of Bay-
wn, Germany, aged 4(J years and & months.
BAHWAY TRAVEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7r»la. l»n*« itn.i nr « <••••• i» »rrlv« »•
¦MN riUHVIMH).
(Main Lino. Foot of .Market Stow!) -^
UATS — ] FROU DXCXMBER 6. 1901. — ARBTO
IiOOa Benida. SuUuu, Elaira tad Saer»-
• meuta 8:5.1 »
1»OOa Vaoavllle. Wlnturs/KuniBey ?>33»
"t «3o a M aninez. Haul It tmoii. VUleio. Napa.
CaliHtoga ami Santa Rosa di23r ¦
SiOOa Darb, Woodland, Knfgtits Lauding,
Maxysfille. onittll*. 7 :»•"»»
8:00 » Atlautio Uii'reu-Ogdeii aud Eaal M:23*
•«>«a Xilea. L»thnu\ Stoctcon 7:23*
- •tttOANllea. Meudota. Uaoford. VIsill*,
PorterfUle..i -t;35»
- SiSOa Shasta Espres»— Dk.t|3. Williams (for
Bartlett Spriuga}. Wlllowi, EoU
Bluff, Portland. 7t3if
¦i»»a Ban Jose. Literiuors, . .Stockton,
. lone, Hacraineuto. FUcmrrille,
MnriSTllle. Chteo. lts<l KIulT 4>S3»
»¦*»» OsktUIr, Ohinese.Sonnra. Tuotumno 4:33»
•»O»a Harvard. Nileiand Waj SUUoui.. 11:53a
0!<M»a Vallejo la:25f
tiOOi Lou Anxslea Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Latliros. Stock ton, Merced
Fresno am! Los Angeles 7<3S*
•i»Oa Vall-Jo. Martina* ami Wsy SUtions 7>S3r
!•:«<•* The Overlain! Limited— Ogilso, Usa-
ter, Omaha. Chicago HiS3f>
fliOOp .Sacramento Itlfer 8tasin«r« tll:OUF
St«l»r llenicia, Winters, Nacraiutnto, ¦..:,-
Woodland. K nights Lauding.
Marystlllr, Oro.illo I«:3.1a
8:S«p Hay ward. Niles ami Way SUtloos.. ?|33»
4iU«p Martiiiox. Mail Itauion. Vallejo,
Napa. UalUtdKa. H»nU Uou Oi55p
4iOOr Niles. Llrermoie. Stockton. Lodi... J3i23*
4»:«<»r Hayward. Nile', han .Idso. Lt*#snor« fSiS^A
«:3(>rTlia OkI limited — Fresno, Tulara,
- BakersUolil. Haiifua for Santa liar.
bara. Los Auceles 8i33&
St»Op Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrcp, Stockton 1 o j23*
3M»0jf Martlnf z. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:2.1*
¦<«op llarnard. Nile* and San Joss 7.3.1 A
t«:«Or ValleJ 11.25*
•«<M»r Oriental Mali— Og-den, Center.
Omaha, St Louis, Cbfcsg-o 4i39*
7iO«r Oregon and California Kxi<rens.Kas>
raniaiito, Marjtsflllo. KmMiiig,
rortlHM.I. l>nget Mmu.ii and Kasi 8:33*
•t«.1pSan Pablo. Port G'oata, Martinez
ami Way Stations 11:23*
|»tQ.1p VslMt. 7»3Jy
COAST MNE (Barren ««o B e).
(foot of Market .Street.) j
¦ tl.iA Newark. Ueiiterillle.8aii Jose. k>l ton,
UoulderCreek.HaiiUOuuandYVaf
«utioi>ii a»a«»
|*i I Op }I*trnrk, Centerville. Sn.it Juae, 1J«tt
> AlumileD, TelUin, lioiililer C'rtwk.
Santa Crux and 1'rluelpal Way
Stations l«i!M*
«il.1p Newark. Han .lose. Lou Gatos fa:SO&
a*.3or Iluntera' Train— San Jose and Way
stations njaer
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS f RiSCISCO— Fiov ot lUrktt Street (Slip 8)— !
t/:19 »:0U 11:00*. U. 1:03 3:03 B:13rtt.
Fr»»flUUllB— r««U'Buidw»T-— |H : 00 *a:00 t3.C9
IQ-.oOvM. 12:03 3.03 «:03r.»t.
COAST IiIXE (Iiroo.l Ouii},
",.'-• - CrhlfilnridTowniieiHlStM.)
«:I«A San Jose and Way stations. As-lttA
7:00a Han Jom ai.il Way Sti%tl..ns...: fS2«*tt»
/7i««a New AI..!H.l«it f-tilOf
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — Han Jose,
tii:r.y, 8aliaaa, San Lnls Obispo,
f anta Barbara, Loh Angelt a and
r.nncipal Intermediate stations. ...- 1 0:4X9
BiOOa H«n Jiisk. Tie* 1'icos. Hiuita rriir, •
1'acilic Uim««, balinis. Ssu l.uii
OWspo and Frlndk>al intermeUiata
8t:iU..na <:!(»»
1O:;i0a SsnJcsc and Way Stations »i:ta*
IIiSUa Hau J«wm ami Way SUtions U:10A
t*: Mr San Matro. IU.lwoo.1, Mt-nlo Pork,
1'alo Alto. Maut»«;i«ra. Sun .Insn.
Tre» Pinos, Sunui'm/, Saliuas.
Monterey ami l"a.:llic <ir<iTe flOrfSa.
8:a»r »an Jusoan.l Way SUtions l::iu»
«4:l»r Ran Jo«itaii<l MmimI W»y st.,iti..n» Si309
4 >3 0 r Sunset I.innlted— Mondays, Wednrs-
days. Friday*, for Lot Angeles. El
Faso New Urlean-s and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOilS*
f."l:60pSan Jot*-, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stallona »!>:«Oa
8t.tOr flan Joss mid Principal Way Stations «=:{»»
«i:i«r Sai. .loss and Way .-rtanions ~i*09
7:OOp New Orleans Exprexs — Han Lnls
Obispo. Santa Barbara, T^cs An-
geles. I> mlDg-. El Taao, New Or-
leans and E-ist 7:3»*
«ll:4.~.p San .ldap^ii.l Way Stations 7:3w 9
A for Morning ~ I* for A fternoou. '
t Hiintlay rsnnnr.ed. J S<uiid%y only.
Saturday only^ _ /Tuesdays »nd FridaySj.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
t*av» Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:lSp
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27p S:05a
" Visalia.. 3:3*Jp 5:00a....
" Bakersfld 6:15 p B:2»p 7:45 a....
•• Kan. City 2:4Oa 7:30a '.
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:0Op..
a for morninsr. p lor arternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
: - runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation oC
local flrat-clasa passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
respondiEi? train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. ra.
dally.
! 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
' responding train arrives at S :40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. . . -
CiLIFOftflA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClFp
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SI
Can Fran:!s:a to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Eitr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:38.
6:00. B:20 p. m. - ;'.
San Raiao! to San Franclaco.
WEEK DATS— tt:10, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 «. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Exu»
trips at 1:55 and t>:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10. U.iO. ll:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
6:05, C:25 p. m.
Leave • I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am S:0Oam Ncvato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm U:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am.
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Ros^ 7:35pm C:20pn>
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor, 10:23aa»
, B:C3pm HealdsbTirg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am.
3 :30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm fl :20pm
7:30am ~ 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm B :00pm « :20pm
7:30am 8 :00am Sonoma I 0:15am S :40am
and |
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:03pm C :20pm
T:30amt 8:00am| |10:40amll0:25ans
S:30pm| 5:0Opm| Sebastopol. ( 7:35pm( 6:20pnx
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altroria: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale lor the Geysers: at Hopland for
Duncan Swings, Highland Springs. Kelsey-
Vllle Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at UViah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Orr"»
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, B"ort Brass.
Westport, Usal, Wllllts, Laytonvillo, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsea's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Cbronlcta
building. ' '
H. cf WHITINO. R. X RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. ¦
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
WeS Sun- tv.4,., _ Sun- Week
jp^zi _*^ zzzzzz *v&. pay.,
9-30 A. 8:00a. - a rt iao 1.00 P. M3, a, .
1:45 p. 0:00a. r».«H Tb , 1 »th.*y»t9:«f : 0O P. 3:40 P.
405 P: 11:30a. - _. 1 _ ml , 4:2a p. o»o P.
l:15p. *•."•• w " klNji " 11 '- {5:55 p.
rn, S« rmdm to Jm.«l; ami lUtsrm. «.».
Cak«t OOecfl. S21 il JLKHET ywiTT —^ SAU3ALIT0 ySSAX.
The Weekly Call.
§1 pep Yeap^• The German law-forbids teachers In the
schools to^pull the ears of 'their,- -pupils.
Many cases of deafness have been shown
to have resulted from such punishment
And. every. suit, of clothes of the'. A:- Brick
stock will be gone. To-morrow's -special,
500 all-wool men's suits, .worth $18.00,- for
$4.65, at the Clothing. Bankrupt Sale of
the Boston. 773 Market. st, near Fourth. •
Only Two Weeks : More
F. A. O'Brien, president;, H. Caveney,
senior, and P. Pierce, junior vice, presi
dent: James O'Brien, recordings James "J.
Wren, corresponding,^ and; John '•¦ Garvey,
financial secretary: | Samuel • McFadden,
treasurer; H. Rooney, conductor* .HV Mc-
Cabe, sergeant at arms; John J. O'Brien,"
James : Sullivan .and Thomas l.McKeon,
trustees.' . : ,, '.' -, \ . ..'¦ ¦ ¦::-. _¦.¦'¦;
Harmony Alliance'Nol 15 of St. Patrick's
Alliance of America has elected the • fol
lowing officers for. the': current'. term i'" 1 ' *'
Harmony: Alliance Election.
! The' regular • monthly musical , service
;wlll be held this evening In St.^ Donilnlc's
.Church.: -Original jcomposltlops. , by James
Hamilton ; Howe, :; a - local composer, ~ will
comprise the' } programme.-, ;' The ' . Rev.
I The p'atronal feast of I Jesus 8 will be
celebrated to-day^ with ; unusual 'solemnity
|in St. Igrnatius ; Church. '; .The Very Rev.
J. P. Frieden, 8. J., assisted by. the Rev.
J. Landry-, • &.• J., as- deacon, -and the Rev.
J. ile'Rop, S.'^J., as^subdeacon/will sing
the high, mass at 10:S0 o'clock.' His Grace,
the Most Rev. Archbishop P. W. Riordan,
will assist pontiflcally at: this mass. The
Rev. Patrick A. Ryan, S. , J., and the
scholastics .of .the .college, will be as-*
slstants to his Grace at' the throne in the
sanctuary."; The ceremonies ! are under the
general direction of the Rev. c W. Culllgan,
S. J:, and'the semion will be delivered by
the Rev. P.. Poote.S.J. The evening ser
vices, 1 solemn -vespers, followed by a, dis
course, by the Rev. P. Forhan.S." J., . will
be concluded by solemn benediction of the
blessed; sacrament: 4 % ¦. ',".¦'¦ :'-'.-,. . :'.¦.,
Resolved, That the Federation of Mission Im
provement-Clubs protest to his Honor. Mayor
Schmltz, acralnst the retention of G. H. Men
dell ns a member of the Board of Public
Works, and urge his retirement to private life
• Whereas, G. H. Mendell, president "of >itte
Board of Hublic Works, holds his position in
plain violation of the provisions of the charter
XD. this, that he draws two salaries; one from
the municipality and one from the United
States Government as a retired engineer; and •
Whereas, Owing to his age' and feeble health
he does not give his entire time to the attaint
of the city, as the charter reijuires; therefore,
be It ¦• -
• A lively debate over a series of resolu
tions introduced by Gustav Schnee of the
Improvement Club -asking the
Federation of Mission Improvement .Clubs
to appoint a committee of five to lay be
fore Mayor Schmitz the reasons why the
members of the federation think it ad
visable that Colonel George H. Mendeil
should be removed from the Board of-
Public Works, was the feature of last
Sight's meeting of the club.
The resolutions as introduced by Schnee
'»re as follows: ,. -• i
Improvement Clubs of
. Mission Act Upon
."; the.. Matter.
Ceremonies • Are to Be
'Ap Held in St. Ignatius -
¦ Churchi <
WILL CELEBRATE
PATRONAL FEAST
ASK RETIREMENT
OF COL. MENDELL
Wlnkler. Holly Park Club. ' : > * ; •; • •;¦
The following delegates were{ admitted
to the federation:. • .¦'-¦¦„ ,,\.',... _' :; . , ,-.
University Mound and Bay ' View.' Improve
ment Club — H. Tessmier. G. H. •. Roundey and
F. PreisP • • ¦;•,. *v
West of Castro Street Club— John » Ruhn,«
Bnrna McKimiie and James A.' Cotter. ' '• •; "
. Kunnysl.Jc Club — Gustav Schnee, W. A/ Mer
ralls and James White. ¦¦'•¦.-. • • .¦
Market Street Cjub— W. : E. Dubois.- T/.* L:
Coles an.i F. A. Elliott. : ¦ ' - .
Holly Park Club— H. E. Wlnkler, A. S.illlie
and J. Felix.; "-«'• - .....;..
' Nutvo Potrerc - Club— Max Popper; P.- Stol
berg and H. Flick. ;. _ . .;>¦;•.-, r
The committee on, revision of 'the pro
posed building ordinance now before the
Board of Supervisors reported that a.' few
concessions- had- been- gained- and'- that'
more were expected."^-. . . .-' ' :'. '
: President, AV. L. Coles; Market Street and
Eunt-ka Valley. Club: vice president. George H
'Roundey. University 1 Mound and Bay View
Club; secretary, W. E.~ Dubois, Market Street
and Eureka Valley Club; treasurer, H. K.
F. A. Elliott objected. to the wording of
the resolution and offered a substitute
that a. committee of three be appointed
to privately lay the matter before Mayor
Schmitz and then decide upon what action
should be taken by the federation after
his ideas had been learned.- Several other
members took a -similar view, but the
substitute- was defeated. t Those who op
posed this action again, fought the. matter
and the resolution was in a fair way to
be defeated when a substitute.' offered by
A v S. 'Lillie, embodying the features of
the Schnee resolution, except all reference
to the half-pay portion, was adopted. , 1
.?Gustav S"chnee. George H. Ronnde'y,
James .A/. Cotter. P. Stolberg, Max Pop
per and President Coles, ex offlcio, were
appointed the committee that will lay the
resolutions before Mayor Schmitz. Tues
day morning at 10 o'clock is the hour set
by the committee when they, will seek
audience with the Mayor.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: .
Resolved, That a committee of five be ap
pointed by the chair to present these resolu
tions to the Mayor and urge prompt action and
the appointment of a younger and more ener
go'tic mar.
- Schnee called attention • to article XI,
section 4 of the charter prohibiting the
receipt of double emoluments, either from
the city. State or United States Govern
ment or. other sources. .. .. .
Chairman Coles questioned whether, as
a retired army officer, Mendell, being on
half-pay, was not receiving a pension In
stead of 'a. salary.
in accordance with Mayor Schmltz's utterances
that he will not retain any officials that an
¦simply ornaments; and it is further
Dr.. Crocker, eye, -ear, nose,. throat and
lunss. Resumed oractlce 21 Powell tL •
The matter was at once reported to the
policei The detectives believer. tb« man
who attempted the robbery is am amateur
at the business.
Hahn noticed that the robber's hand
slightly trembled and he Jumped for the
revolver. There was a short, sharp
struggle. Hahn got the pistol and the
robber turned and fled. Hahn gave chase
but a number, of children returning from
an entertainment got in his way and t&e
robber escaped in the darkness of Tavlor
street. ' "-,* - *
F. L. Hahn, a- grocer at the. corner of
Sacramento and Taylor streets, had a
lively encounter last night about 9 o'clock
with a would-be robber, whom he suc
ceeded in discomfiting. Hahn i was In a
small office near the entrance to his
place when he heard a slight noise In the
store. He came out of the office only
to find the muzzle of a revolver thrust
Into his face. _ , . .
Grocer Hahn Reverses
Regular Order of •
Procedure.
BURGLAR MEETS
THE WRONG MAN
This evening the "Soldiers Boys" of the
First Christian Church will present the
church with an American ensign.
Rev. George, C. Adams will preach at
the. Young Men's _ Christian Association
mass-meeting this afternoon.' His sub
ject will be "The Valley ¦ of Decision."
Harry Barnhart will sing. .
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First
Unitarian Church will preach this morn
ing on "What Is It to. Follow Christ."
~ Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church «will preach this
morning on "Forsaking and Gaining," and
in the evening on "Destruction and Res
cue.".
Rev. H. H. Bell, of the First Presby
terian Church will preach this morning
on "Children of God," and in the evening
on "Reciprocal . Honor." -
Rev. John Hemphlll of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church -will preach this
morning on "Individual Evangelization,"
and in the evening on "Religious Awaken
ing."
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Caleb, a Model for the
Twentieth Century." and in the evening
on "God's Kingdom First."
. Rev. "William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "The Satisfaction of a Great Ex
perience," and in the evening on
"Shakespeare— His Place in Literature,
the Drama and Religion."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Pentecost— A Pressage," and in
the evening on "Let Him Deny Himself
and Follow Me."
the First Church of Christ this morning.
Jlev..E. A.' Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "How
Simon* Became Peter^' and in the evening
on '.'Making Light :of Serious Things." .
"Truth" is the subject '-'of the lesson at
• Rev. John A.-B. Wilson of the Howard
street" M.E.. Church - will preach this
morning on "The Secret of Success in
the Early Church," and In the evening on
"The Significance of the. Silence ''of 'God."
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
."The Joy, of Finding Lost Things.". In
the 1 evening, there will' be. an Epworth
League ; rally: •. , . .
Rev. F. W. 1 . Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this evening on
"The Only Reason." ;V
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this evening on
"New Routes to Heaven."
Rev.. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church will preach this
morning . on "Christian Imperfection,"
and In, the evening on "Personal Need of
the Personal Christ,".':
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity M
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Carnar Christians," and In the evening
on "The Urgencyof the Gospel."
i Rev. F, A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will, preach this morning on
"Acquaintance With' God," and in the
evening on "The Gospel Feast."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church- ylU preach this morning: on
"What Pentecost Did for the Early Chris
tians," and In the evening on "The Sad
Ending of Mr. Doubleface."
' The . Rev. Father. Dempsey will preach
In St. Mary's Cathedral at the last mass.
The Rev. Father Hannlgan will preach In
the evening:.
Father J. L. O*Nell will deliver the ser
mon. • ;>.-.' . .
THE-SAIST iFRA^ClSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 19OI5.
40
'ill/ C -/ tfLMLJff *ffl WiiiteitHjngS' are; selling ¦ faster^than ' th^y; eyd-Isbld before::^ And swhy- not? -Prices fower^ ihantikey;usudlly\are a nd-:i3&l&j[£ffl< ffl \n / " \SSa
||,r^ \v fiy S!1 w/(^^^^^'^^'^^^ / everything just as good.- Stocks are plentiful and fresh— -bright andclean. We don't need to compare them with the usual /^^<Mi
*£^^^V^i //f jffl '™[^- " —~<P~^^ riff-raff and left-over stuff that's foisted off at this time.., The public. has done that already. , Folks would rather save'on nev^ goods than on old any . JW_^^*7r—r- -^^^ c^^U^^^Sfi
Vm iMV^fV/ 4&-*£lGpOO GQOD*^ . time. It would be a wonder if we weren't busy. -' : • • ..:,:..'- "T • > • • a - .- • v;.^ ' *»*»¦ nrr rfinni VV^W^I Wfi
rkwf ¦¦'¦ Annual Sale of Sheets and F*I11o\a/ Cases. JP
§J^W^ttr^w <V F : tl %¦*• ° —-—--- Better "Values^and More r of Them Than We Ever Had, ?\\/t,-* — tF — 1 ¦• ? s*^*^^! fi^k
% V^k^^T A Feather PllIOWS Here's a masterful stroke— staple everyday merchandise of standard merit offered at VYHlte lOWcllllg /^^^/ji^
ly^^^^^^^W^-^ '• 95c. •¦"; , ¦' pncesirmucH ¦junder^ '^^^^%^^^^^f^^^^^^P^^^^^^^^^$. an dl J^eri^ce Sts less 10C,
f&fW^'* ''MH^r ' than they ..were selling at many places yesterday. Don't v overlook Wamsutta sheets. While here That We, Sell F-*t at 12%-,
Vw/frpfi^C' §^\v\> They always sell are pillow cases at oc we sell right along at i>J4c. And sheetings— even if you are not posted you know' they are — ah pure linen; is in. wide. &y J^- ¦&& '-1^ V^^^^
™£&/{f%- vi «\ iVV, s<v ,^Y foP $K5 °* bargains. Then we've also some specially bought white spreads and blankets, white towels and toweling. To round ~ 5 ° r»«*8 «or special selling at ioc. <<^7*'m V^^ ?^ *T^\VV^S^.
1 \\'A j ;^ri>, Filled with a good' grade ' of out the attraction we've put reduced prices on a half-dozen regular lines of table linens. It doesn't take more than Foolish for us to sell it at ioc when \U/S\ -%-yf/T |K\^^^
V"^) feathers,' not large feathers either; . these hints to show you " v •--.¦-'• ¦• - it's better than anybody else s at -M \ \ c^ 4w\X*
'^^^^^^^"^*^Cr^ : /ov\v^5 no waist nor. shoddy stuff in them; , i a.j tt* ¦ - i~* -^ J f\. ' «. • x j. ' J»/I •• £ • I2}^c? " r V^ir-^A
itf^ni\B>l^^H$£ not lumpy pinows with a S prin K to It's Too Good an Oppor t unity to Mi ss. Notabitofit. *^MI(L^ tiXyxd
W^'/> f "9 ixVth vCr^A^MK them; good and honest clear .... ' . • . - u * i %-ii ' ._¦ K . ' " -,„,. „ J , "¦.•¦¦ '&• -a ' u u * o All the more reason why we should JSpAZf*^'?*. M^r'^dW
?<&£C?' i ?':<r*2r~. '\^&S»&^ through Comes with blue and Whether you have a home or hotel, it 11 pay you big to buy now. Why do we do this when we don t have to? do still better if we can. We'll sell S^^&y/ '/'A V Hr
W / «3 VM A .^^^" white ticking Monday for the first ; VVe want to show you (who haven't already found us out) how strong we are in sheets and pillow cases— what a more at I2j^c for having sold it V A^^^V > * , ' \» v^W
i^J f'.if^'M V\''J^/ time 95c instead of $iso. • big stock we carry and how low^the prices are. The loss now won't compare to the new business and added profits at 10c. I ff >$s~^=^£as£ '
v*"—. l -s>> ; f* r *T^% » G ' O ! we '^ reap later on. . * . * O O f -—^- nwsr*
Our I2lC PillOW Gase5 at OC. White Towels White Blankets Bed Spreads Sheets 42C, Extra Quality.
2 - ¦ . , Fop This Sale. • Fop Th*s ?ale. f Fop This Sale. . . ¦ , •/
It's as good a piUow case as you can buy any time at -I2^c;- 43x.tf inches, Lower pries >han, at any other Lower priced than they usually are— Lower prices than they wszo- J* s a low price, but a high-grade sheet; hemmed, bleached; 54x90 inches. . -
.m^f^Sn^e Cm^ " **Sl al<«are^n*JcoU«**ook .| °^^% xgo 4Oc- 72xQ o 54*-*^ 5Oc-^o in. s q .
morning the first time. . If you ve ever bought to^Is. here. you ; __, Q . ¦ Bar Jns without a " f au lt_and which 25O 8 in the different sizes. All lower than they usually are, buTTs good and
Heavy PHIOW Cases at IOC. . - ; kn^ow what to expect, but its for you ¦'" -^iii 11S- it's rare to find. It's their rarity that heav-y.
• - .'..-....-- who liaven t that we are making this i unite wool, wxto ncnes. _ . tV,,»m-cr. trnnri tt/* ±j en. . tt 1.1 -u j en. ,
Made from remnants of sheetine— such sheeting, too, as never goes into ioc effort. If you find out once how ¦ , _ c # On ) n,^ for ¦ '< A 97 maKes A " J, f,, B ° «„;//• «/ /?T V\ anvsutfa.. bh,*>et*. .. UnOLeaCtied Sheets.
cases,_but the maker was anxious.to give us values. we never had before. He much towel-worth we give for the : no.'.hi.^ J'~. iS£ ill,: ' n ¦¦* °Cl f? 22 s !* , f ', ' ' , <¦ ?hp Pi a * e iv^«Si f i ? I S I V& B ? nd bleached - Go " en °p ¦peeiauy'for.o. and for this n i«.
could do it in remnants when he couldn't do it from the. full piece. Only money, we know, ypu will come back. » 0 "^ >d Pretty borders. $2.00 GRADE-For. double beds. 7 6x the pi^in hemmed are:^^.^ T b*y are much better than th«e low priC e.
1685 of them. „ / : :. .25c Turkish Towels 20c. :,::-;> -58.00 One* or $6.95. \ 80. inches; hemmed, 250 ' . 60c-«oxbo « 1 8 SS=^ 1 i I o 3 8q - "' ""TZUtooo «_^
16C Each. 5O dozen, 24x48 inches (my, howibig!) ; . : :. Finest pure wool. TJSTJALLY 8" W-llrire and heavy ™n I 5S£SS? r SS? ARE * inches ' lonser ' * ZSc-eoxn ' SSS
81x36 Inches, good Etron* muslin, such as you The muslin *in these Is fine, grade and sort. and Heavy, too. hemmed. '. ;\ We are nof aHvertUinir th«e Vxivctinir -.ut. Ji~i • a ??-,«„ P3c— 54s9J» ' 05c— 81x90 -p '•' ' ' /* Kc— 90 Inches iouare
used to set m 20c cases, now 16c • «x3o inch**, with a 2-inch- hem; 800 for Turkish. Towels, 16c— 24x50 inches * 1 1 aavertising tnese, expecung . Wltn beautiful raised patterns. soc— cr>x»9 $ico-SoxM • w,* - wnwre.
14c Each. thu sale: 15c to-morrow momingr. i but they're unbleached; heavy. quality! P^MS^^tM^^A?^. $1.25 Crocheted Spreads $1.00. Mc-t&oo w.io-sjoxios - Hemstitched SHeets.
11^ sSe Hemstitched ' C***8. i > Hack levels.^, : and I get them f with even more freedom For large double beds, 80x90 inches, % J e % lot ' Sh f et A S ' IT' TS * "? ""^ * ~
a^MiT-w^JSf^thS'tt^ l««r on insertion and a 3-lpchJiem; three sizes: 9^C_Finely woven, hemmed/ 17X33-UI. -..and happiness on OUT part than if we hemmed. . Of g flne_ 8 oa muslin, hemmed and bleached, all Un .^oftoemat^eprlcea^
•¦ ..tSSSS.SSa \ ]"¦¦ gating full profits You'll be Crocheied Spreads 7 '5c. 45c-«,oo eoc-sixoo ££^
prices. , .¦ Mx40% at «c. 12^c_ For same quality, 18x36 inches. so -pleased you'll come back again. 71x82 inches, hemmed and ready for t^lSS t^~^l
Pequot Pillow Cases. " e^"" ria .'.'.."- V ; s " w i"'' ili . °"' . anJMPUtow CrfseTJ^ ReducedT^
Bitched, 5424 of them will be brought forward for to-morrow morning. You ; ' _^ i^-^ Ji'^^'''EyVJ^ ::^ :^i^^'^- C? »L« 4~ Z - „. . , a hey ? ome put u ? in boxes - on e sheet and two cases in each: hemstitched
know -the muslin they are made from. Such low prices as these will stir fcfll \^,f\ 111 I C*£f L il £*fl BlPrTl li Q> ThlS Sale. and insertion to match. The sheets are 81x90 inches. The new prices to-
up big selling. JU %/Cl^V^ LJlVClVIIVU iJIlCVtlU^^ morrow are ; $1.30 a set; 91^5 a set; $2. ?2.25
tu 42 * 36 • 15c r- 45x36 16 2 - 3c -5ox36 18C-54X36 v A fine of sheetinjr (st a nda f d brands ) . go on sale to-morrow "much under" their usuaTvalue/ • AJ1 Hemstitched and Embroidered Sheets.
Ihey each have a 2-mch hem. , j We got the prices just as low as we could-by placing a big'order, then we shaved our own profits a bit to make A " marK «l down tor this sale; they are all double-bed size, ooxgo inches
Wamsutta Pillow Cases. the bargain still better. • •. '.......91,91.10. 91.15. gi-So
15ca-yd.-54in.wide.-- '- 21c a'yd.-8M-n.'wide. Table Silverware
rb \^jr mc i°H"£% MBm ***-«** H l8c a h PPHI wide - ¦ m ? 3C h a • yd -r 9 ° in w wide ; , Ut Lowep prfc -^<«^ wL.
The Hemstitched Ones ; Arc: *. .... _c; ;/..; However much they: look like bargains in print, they, look like bigger bargains in the store. Wait and see what
22^0-45x36 25c->45x4 0 / 2 27Hc_5ox36 27/ 2 c_ 5 ox4o^ j quality the sheets are - • ' ' : • ..-•-¦•¦••-' . - ..•¦¦¦¦••.• ¦. Certain patterns will be closed out. Not old ones— apt
Well have 1512 of these hemstitched pillow cases ready for morning. | • |_ O J- 7 1 « #V 1*J t \ c\ 5 « \\*%Am*n\'ri+\%C±C to be soon. Makers keep turning out designs whether we need
; l — : J- U1KC Pliy lU^ I lUSlin UuUCrtlUlilCS them or not. Anyhow, who thinks about styles in silverware
NotlOnS tO the FrOnt.' ; ; From Fiegular Stockt-Payin^ Third Less. W^MtM^ St ° rekeeper? It>s quality you want Jt ' s aI "
¦ — : — Better still: variety is greater now than we show right along; styles choicer (all new), « o^/iL T"
KosoSuvporters'lOepr. Dress Shields^ 9c pair., fixed up> in the daintiest Vays with' the>-riew^ spring laces and embroideries; then it's all . The^i^Sal^SPd wS? 8^^ 0^^ SL00) at 75c '
Garter Elastic So a yd. Safety Pins 3c a card. welI ma^ e ; If it wasn ' t we couldn't afford t^selliit: We make it so good it'll make you think ate TeamT* " *
Women like to come to Halc's for notions. .. , more of us! That's where%ve gain. best? These: ? . . Six -g^»^«»«rtS. and a They have fancy 1,?«fm Indies.
They are more certain of getting what they want-and not having to Corset Covers; v " ; Drawers. . GoWHS. - ean't /e matched iniown'under^ we StoifX KcS aT^ S at ° n
pay too much. . , . .. Tp l_Cambric; low, square r P r - • *"'- - . 2 styles, good muslin; f p r ' 3 styles, good muslin; sen at 3oc. PnnPOi* nature o'onnut*
It's to get still more women acquainted with those facts that we offer \_ .„ neck; trimmed with em- ¦ _ , . -deep hemstitched cam- 4 ot high neck, square yoke, NUT CRACKERS 15c. *' nuoc/fi UMAHbt bFUOJVS
, __ . .. #-»-•- ,_! - broidery.- ------ r .-••, ----- . . : brie ruffle: also deep hem and three trimmed with lace and fine tucks: xiek«»l niatori »'"«-"»' '«"" with fancy pattern handles. They sell
Special Economies at This Time &--— — laSRSngbSSSSi Alsosl^ !^^^^^^ i^Sn&S^ii 01 ab^ m '^
and on most needed articles. This short list but suggests what's going on: SoTderi a^fnSlo^ rIbbon ' em ; , e6^ w^ l^^ o rX & 5 8c— 2fcSfi f £S TurQUOise Hat PlHS IOC
Adjustable Collar Forms lOc— Grorer's Basting Cotton 2^ c— An 68c . 88c - «c- --Other -hand- • ru&e of cambric and embroidery. u neik : vol«. of^?l rt?wt???nrt?V- «i^I *J"v/i^w fl J «. X. A «U3 1UW.
The popular stock that requires no excellent sewing thread, zoo yards than re^laV" orfesV?-" th ? rd 28c—^- U trl a e « O0 heS&t?hSi ' %$&?%* oYia'ce^inse^tlon' and These /at pins wilh ISZZSSS $££ E » U "* OFFERINGS.
pinning, keep the ribbon in place: to the spool. ¦ ' «w£« ' lawn ruffle. &Jl%t*lTlu£s* ' Jj^gjji r he a^ tl c { u c Jf cambric ruf " Thi?!^ price P wifl make'ffimstilSre STpSE "* mUCh In dexnand -
all sizes. Finishing Braid 4c Spool—Fancv OK1P *-S. ¦ .' . ; - , also deep cambric ruffle edged with ue.on couar ana cuns., JIAIR BARE77E* 9S* suvr /in,. «
Dress Shields J)c Pair-Good feather stitch braid. nSde of SS $'-3* wid! SSSSlk "ru^ 68^^^^U^^% musl.n. '^les. *%*&*£* New des^f enlmelld ' blu^'tlnts. Many st 0£Ui££ es^Only a few
stockinet, two sizes; >.os. 2 and 3- quality and designed in latest pat- 5* 1 handsomely trimmed with Point UOL richly trimmed with or square yokes; some trimmed with • BEL I PINS 50c. ¦ of each— reduced now for closiBsr ont to
Horn Bones' 4c a Bunch—Extra terns.. dust ruffle &nd ' lnsertlon « extra ' and'toMtucka embroI ? ery ' insertlon Jac^insertion and fine" hemstitched With pearl settings. I5c each.
finish. 8, 9 and 10 inches long. Pearl Buttons 10c a Dozen— the » j. AS! Other styles In -walk- -qp" ° e UC livi. S1.S8I S1.48. S2.3S: broid^ry?^^ embriide^ruffleTn CHAlELAitlE BAGS. PLATED BROOCHES
Casing 2e Apiece— Up to a few catseye button,' a very good eye, 10 * ',„ m ', , ing skirts handsome- , W OL ¦„ . beautifully trimmed witn collar and cuffs to match; otheis Beaded steel ones. An extra good In great variety of new desi^is with
days ago it was 5 c. Some color, and 12. at lOcTa-dozen* . . .' . fcSJSiff W?S fi5&25ggtt? 00 *-. , XcL. y ° kCS ° f S ° Ud hems «tched value at n. settings. 111
are missing, so to quickly close Ironing wax. 2c Cake. 1 — ¦— — —^ ¦ ' ¦——¦——» . t . — •
cub what's left we have marked it Stocking Darners 2c. < . I 1|r * ry ¦ - • J. ¦ • J i*+ A v « r-^ - ! ' *
Bssr&^c sp^-cood. , : Women S bUltS and- Coats H. B. Gloves, New Shades,
strong thread, 500 yards to the plain pins; a whole lot for the > . . ' . . " ' - ' ¦ . • . . »*'nij'n • <m s\r\
soool; black and white. . money. WnmAll'c Ci\€k+C I ¦ /S&SskiSJT^ ¦ ~1 ASUPDPlSe AtUId FHCe, §1.00.
Eoss Supporters 10c Pair-With Safety Pins 3c Card-The well- VY OlTien S (^fe& T1 rt OUI pi 1&C,
fancy elastic, excellent quality; known Trenton safety pin. a good. And Wraps. 'JllKm' ' These are not old styles— not a strag- -The Spring Stvles are here— just here
black, blue. pink, oranee or red. reliable one; three different sizes. ~ M ,, " * " f C nn ¥^SeMM^\ g ing lot of one or two sizes of a kind. m ™«. " 1 1 1 r , „ -
Garter Elastic r,c Yard-Fancy but at one price; 3c card -Kersey 13cx Coats $5 00, •• * No; Rot a P icked ' over stock you might means more real glove luxury for a dollar now than ever
frilled elastic; all colors. Gartar Lengths 5c Each-Just T W( \ H t- W: 50 ;' w «-,*„? ' F\ expect at this time, though the prices Thev are perfect in fit and wear Come in all of th* rMV
Corset Steels 5c Pair_.<;-hook - enough for a pair of garters. Made -Lon!*F owing Wram $10.75. - ., \\ are low enough to make you think * Ja^a ,1 • • „ ? . , ReW
steels: black and drab. of fancy frilled elastic. —Oicr " D rich's a" R 'itt-proof . X something is wrong. They are all fa- ail<^ Staple Shades dollar a pair in all the coming- favorite
.. _ — : — : Coats #7.50 fi'i'l $10.00. ' ' " ' ; J Selbtooff' S ° sh ? des -
. . <v ¦ ¦ ;-/ " . .•¦ ;..- % Great^newsKamT fine, better, ¦:.. ¦' ¦ f\^A-^ - No" One wm T \?S?\S?f#M%%^^fe^
Tk/t 9 TVT» < a £* 1 • A • ' f»v«»n than ir rppr1<? Thi»v arp nnt a . / ' i^*^^ 1^^* ~*A ¦ "We've been careful enough to be sure we white, mode, tan, mastique and black.
/Vl f* n Q JCrh i S Hi ft Q A *>C " ¦ ' t r reaaS - l ne y- ar e not a . . . / /r^\ .• ,.\ * j .t,^ plenty .i«. m Sc h SSS'brfo™ uS?V5t Wie Dent Fac-Slmile »l.OO-l-clasp glove S , styUsh and durable for snopplns
i'lvil «^ IHI24IIL. Id Zfl.^&V« lot ' Of lcft-OVer tlimblerl-Un - ' I ¦¦ / \ t^Pitf Jmo the paper. or college wear; oak, red and Havana. »a Oppi ns
¦ / ** ...... 1Ot 0I ¦ tumDiea up ; . , ; ,,,. ¦LM^Ji/ • . : Misses' Gloves 81.00-2-clasp imported glow, which gives excellent satlsfac-
¦ , ¦-•-.• Stock \ye are.trying t t0 force OUf- - 'l^^tf^l/ ¦'.'¦' As big as the surprise may seem in . tlon. All the staple shades., . c
• Cheaper ihtn they icsioaly are— and jicst as good. the Styles arid tailoring are the " i<>7R print, it's bigger in the store, where ",|,' - • ¦ -¦.-¦- v
Fine soft muslin, prettily trimmed, in blue and red. Lib- very ; latest/ snappiest: Many; of ', / '' ' ' /. /^J'« - g^ '-"' W tail ° ring tO " Pfpp Pa^ial PioOCO/V^ "
eral in length and width. ' ... tne garments received stocks '- v. LI v "," __ TTT^e.a- I ICC X^CU,lCU 1 ldbdd^e
Hen's AIULinen Collars ioc within the last month, :•: .— ,, ,.\, I , .. . . -¦ . ; 15 - 00 m HAIR D " g «""« *™ ™»™*™ pa RL or S ._
All new styles; all new sizes. ; ' : • : ' IfS^SP^^^?^ ; " '[''/'£ ' n^h h si«S; y v e |vir^arf^ffi * It>s .get more folks acquainted with that wonderful cream. «K. B. C.
As a rule it's a cotton collar you get at 10 cents. We don't know of *$^^J^cX&j2£^& i '--: r -' " ii i . - - . SlaKK J.° Unce ' panel rront ' 8tUched: Sfi ff fh™ ills of the°S? ItS SWf eS , Wh °
any one in the city selling a LINEN collar for io cents. We would not if ™a plenty of tailor stitching-vaiue $7.50. . . ' ' ;; . \{ <> . . ; , c . • . # y _ nfi trouble d _ with the ma PJLl"* °1 th e «ce. It assists nature to do her duty. and.
we were buying for this one store, butwe have six to supply. Ourmarket Bn X Cnn.U ob .«7.^0: -V : " ! ! • Q f J -^ i; ,1 : . ?\ A nw nn ,^ "t $10.00. combined with careful massage will work wonders in the most hooeless cases.
advantage is yours. So cet - . Tan 8 and castors, with flare cuffs, velvet . . ;•' I fltttdXcl tnrn r honv ack^ ?, oub ,ie breasted. We are so confident of its curative and beauty, powers we are willing to eivc
3Q^ania ft e jours. M Rj^^ velyet w ,, ar 27 , nches . de ffOm • , . I . fitted back, turn-back cuffs, lined silk aerge; p Moccorte Thl<5 Week— *Clr N^v^- wjlu
4 'Aiiidavit Brand finc > 8l ! ky - glossy ker£ev cioui. . ¦ / .!: ivV' » * ¦•• rree mabbdgv mis vveeK — ouc next Week,
Collar 4-olv linen and in everv ffood stvle io cents each Tbp-Nofc > .[Coils SlO.OO. [ , '. ' i'-^ • \AX. / > ' Suits at $12.75. If we didn't know it would do so much for you it would be folly for «s to
4 piy linen ana in e\ery gooa style, IO cents eacn. j j of imported kersey cloth, with fl»re or turn- „- >^<7 I ' UVT\ Cheviot, double-breasted jacket with a deep get you here. We know you'll be so surprised with the cream and the wav we
1 ¦ ; •%• backcufTs, with or without velvet collar, tailor - >"*>T^ '«f ; " ¦ • i '¦' "«W >. ' yoke front and Eton back; strapped; silk lined; Hn our massaffine: that VOU'll COme Then it nave in th*» *r,A A~~*~>i *i.^
.... .. . . .... . ..: .. ... utltched; Bomeliave strapped learns. and yoke; . / K ¦¦¦•¦•¦ |\\; X skirt flounced, strapped with taffeta; black! QQ our massaguiK iiiat you n mine, men it pays in tne end, doesn t it?
j. .. . > . jBsam* Q 3 all lined with very best satin., . .. ... VT. /.V :'.. -lfcX^^."\ c • ' A* * I< ¦ ' . .|»
<$?/ j^&&? upp. uoiaen Iy Briape^ t | e * cl wun- flowing x Suits ah $18.75. Opp. Golden /m/ /Mf f^^^^^v&^^g^SP
\ZJ 81*4?*^> _. *~ _^r ¦ |-iTrp» AvP cleeves. turn-back cuffs, yoke from which the X " ¦ .. V rhcvi^y - r, o ,-,, ~~a vi j u ,_ /£&/ /^^' .i^^*- ___»«— -^^
Gooi*^ — -.- uaie Ave. t faIls ln . sraceful folds to . the . :E kirt . / ? > r -- :^^ > x' ; Et^^ket?^.^^^^tH^SSr^SS^SS Gate Ave. g J=*^^S*£Bm> coat^S^
¦ • »>em. . ¦ . ¦ ;;• . " -•'"';.•¦ '- ' j • •¦ '.'¦;¦ ""'—-•« . •. • ' ¦ straps ;. skirt Is flounced. £ (^ g