When The Call discovered that. in an affair, comparatively of the smallest sig
nificance, he signed a written agreement, to barter away a sacred drust/ this paper
deemed itself obligated to the city to expose 'the crime. Mr; Mahony^ now denies that
In making these charges Tlie Call has performed a painful duty, -but one
which as a representative of the public it zuas compelled to perform. The position
occupied bv County Clerk Mahony is one of the most responsible, and deeply sacred
in the gift 'of this municipality. The County Clerk has in his custody, interests of
almost immeasurable magnitude:.. He has in a very large measure direction over the
affairs of the living and of the dead, and in him should be embodied^ principles of
absolute and uncompromising integrity. '.'¦¦/¦ ' , . . ,_.ii. .
By this paper Mr. Mahony was accused of having entered \ into \a written
agreement with William A. Deane to appoint the latter' Chief Deputy County Clerk
in the epent of his retirement from the race for the position which Mahony:'subse
quently won. In making this corrupt, secret bargain County Clerk Mahony ; com-_
mitted an offense against the laws of- this State and of. this city ¦ His gross violation
subjects him to summary rqnoval and to whatever other, penalty justice may. see fit
to inflict. . ¦ ¦", •. .. ' • ¦-:¦¦:¦¦ .
In obedience to public duty this paper accused County Clerk of hav
ing entered into a corrupt bargain before he received the nomination for the position
which he now holds: Charges of. the gravest character, impugning his hoiiesty, re- \
fleeting upon-his integrity and questioning his fitness to hold any position' of trust ; in]
this municipality, were made. " ' ¦,¦¦'/.'¦ /• ¦
/N an exclusive publication yesterday x The Call exposed a scandal which has
hung like a pall over ihe County Clerk's office since A. B: Mahony assumed the
duties of County Clerk.
There can be'iifi.evasvonofsiichanji^sueqs this. The reputation, standing,
.character -and official '/position ,-ofc County £lerk]Ma1wny; are' at stake in the face. of
such a grave /accusation: -The^CM^Iidweyer/Airiderstands \ thoroughly its position
and '^^^o^y^i^^^^^^^^^^p^^^^j^ disprove that he is a liar
when lie^ asserts that before his^n
: unfits him for the 'most responsiblfpost/whichjie: now holds.] ¦''
-The: exposure. of:this/ante-election$argainingon:the part of County Clerk Ma
hony has attracted the |§^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^fw^5^fr'§w an in
-quiry^xhEnday. For the : sake -of /purity jn' the/ admiiti
¦ipal affairs,- but of matters which toiicJi/closely ;'the. very fife of^ of San
.Francisco, it is ' to\be hoped- that M
. Mayor Schmitz lias -declared 11^ responsibility
i*y this- affair and will: fa
him and for the Grand Jury there can
be : but ' : tivo : phases to < this: grave matter i^;W
¦cdly slandered a public 'official Qr it; has 'called to the [attention of the public and to
ihci properly constituted;^
'community; in -tlie position which h^
: justice ; it /should be punished. If, it has, fold the truth and/pointed j out; an evil; which
jeopardises (the; city, the evil shoirtd[be : removed in) the -person iofc him zvho created
it— County ClerkyA?B:;Ma)ionys \ ' ' .^ : •; :.: : r
he ever 'signed- such an agrcemeiik with IV. A. Deane ok \ made any compact, written
or oral, binding him; mMy 'way 'pej ore election, toia disposition of the patronage of
his office. In; makingithisasseriionfMrj-AIahonylies, knows : He lies, 'and may take
what satisfaction there may be in the promise that The/ Call is ready to prove' that
he lies.' ¦¦ ' : ¦. : :¦<¦ ¦ ) . : // ,'i •/' "¦.-.',. .- - ¦ I ' • : ' - •;
COUNTY CLERK MAHONY MUST ANSWER
TO THE LAW FOR HIS GRAVE OFFENSE
BROOKS MAKES DEPOSIT
COVERING DISPTJTED 'FE^S
THE expose by The Call yester
day of the illegal acts commit
ted by County Clerk Bert Ma
hony during the recent cam
paign to secure election was the
sole topic of discussion in polit
ics! circles and in the City Hall.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday morning took
official action on the charges preferred by
The Call, and the Grand Jury will hold a
ppecial session next Friday afternoon for
the purpose of making an investigation.
Intense excitement prevailed in the of
fice of the County Clerk. The dep
uty County Clerks appointed at the be
hest of Boss Crimmins and Attorney Wil
liam F. Herrin#airly shook in their shoes,
fearing that the searchlight of truth
would expose more crooked deals and
throw -them out tr.to the world.
County Clerk Bert ' 'Mahony '. emerged
from the solitude of his home" yesterday '
morning and went to his office in the City
Hall. The doors of his office were locked
and only the favored few of the "push"
were given an audience.
The developments of yesterday were
startling in every way. Mayor Schmitz
had a hard task to secure Mahony's at
tendance in his office, and was obliged to
send his usher and a police officer to
bring him to the Mayor's rooms.
Ex-County Clerk Deane admitted yes
terday the truth of the charges made by
The Call, and told how Mahony had
signed a contract to give him a position
in the County Clerk's office in the event
of Mahony's election.
Mahony tried to evade the question
when asked if he had signed the docu
ment as charged by The Call. He made
a half-hearted denial to a representative
cf The Call, and later on informed the
Mayor that he had not signed any paper
agreeing to give Deane a position.
Mayor Schmitz arrived at his office
early yesterday morning, and as soon as
he had read ihe charges against Mahony
published in The Call he wrote a letter to
the County Clerk and In it asked him to
at once call at the Mayor's office. The
letter was sent to Mahoney's residence by,
mall, as It was given out daily that Ma
hony was ill and was confined to his
room. After sending the letter Mayor
Echrnltz tried to reach Mahony over the
telephone, but was repeatedly informed
by "central" that no one answered the
telephone at Mahony's home.
While the Mayor was trying to secure
telephonic connection with Mahony the
County Clerk was not many yards away
from the Mayor's office, locked behind the
doors of his private office on the second '
floor of the City Hall.
Mayor Schmitz finally got a reply by
telephone from Mahony's home in the
afternoon, and was Informed that the
County Clerk was at the City Hall. When
the Mayor called up the County Clerk's
office he was told that Mahony was out
to lunch and would be back in the course
of a few minutes. The Mayor requested
that Mahony be informed that his pres
ence was desired in the Mayor's office, but
no notice was taken of the message.
Again and again the Mayor telephoned
to the County Clerk's. office, but evasive
answers were given In each case. Then
Mayor Schmitz became angry and deter
mined to get Mahony before him at any
cost. The Mayor instructed his usher,
Marcus Blum, and Police Corporal Wil
liams to go to Mahony's office and to
"Vtand no nonsense."
"Don't be bluffed." said the Mayor to
his usher and police attendant, "but ee«5
Mahfcny and tell him that I want to see
him here immediately or I will know the
reason wjrfj\"
The usher and police corporal did not
iind Mahony in his office when they pro
ceeded there. The County Clerk went out
when the Mayor sent his last telephone
message and met Attorney T. Riordan in
the hallway. The message delivered by
Usher Blum and Corporal XVIHiams, when
they ran into Mahony and his attorney a
few minutes later, had the result desired
by the Mayor.
Mahony. accompanied by his* attorney,
went to the Mayor's office and was im
mediately seen by the city's executive. A
few minutes later Attorney A. Ruef, the
Mayor's legal adviser, arrived and became
one of the party in consultation.
Toe seance lasted but a : few minutes.
V
Deposits Certificate of Deposit With
County Clerk Pending Trial
of Suit.
•Former Treasurer 8. H. Brooks yester
day deposited in the custody of the Coun
ty Clerk certificates of deposit on a local
savings bank for JSS17 63, which he had
held as fees for collecting collateral in
heritance taxes, which he retained under
the State law.
The certificates were Immediately
turned over to the city treasury and
locked In the strong vaults. The City At
torney has begun suits on an agreed
statement of facts in Superior Judy*
Cook's court to determine the ownership
of the money.
This job would give him a chance to get
his sleep between the time he closed up
his dive -and the time he. would have to
show up at the City Hall In the mornlngf.
Mahony did not assign - McNalr to the
Justice Court, but told him to report at ¦
the County Clerk's office every morning at
8:30 o'clock. Now the job does not look
so good to McXair and It la quite possible
that he will resign.
It was persistently rumored on the
street late last night that Martin Kelly,
the political boss, had in his possession
several contracts made by Mahony In
which the latter agreed, in exchange for
Kelly's support, to give him: certain
places in the County Clerk's office. /This
rumor could not be verified,' but It may,
explain the statement made by Steno
grapher John Flood, who says in an In
terview : ; "I drew up so many contract*
during - the campaign that I don't ' know
whlcb one you refer, to."
The Mayor asked Mahony as to the
charges made by The Call, and the Coun
ty Clerk, by the advice of his attorney^
entered a general denial.' . ' :
"That Is 'all for the present," said the
Mayor, and Mahony left the room : .
Mayor Schmitz ordered Mahony to ap
pear before him at the Mayor's office to
day at 2 o'clock ¦¦' to answer • the grave
charges made: - : by- - The ; .Call. < Mahony.-
waived the ; formality of being duly sum
moned, and ' promised to appear, before
the Mayor at the time specified.
Joseph E. Bier, of the : firm of- Bier, &
Regensburger, money' lenders, ¦ denied
point : blank that he contributed I the , sum
of , J3S50 through Boss .Crimmins v to help
Mahony win his . fight for. the . County,.
Clerkship. Bier also denied'thatrhe had
any, money dealings with Mahony or any- •
Douy eise;in tne lauers interests during
the campaign. Bier said: : ;"r have had
• dealings with * Mahony \ on f "several occa
sions; during ¦ his; employment: as {a ; clerk
In; the' County .Clerk's- office- under; Deane.
¦ I loaned • him; money/as I do many others
; employed .by-the:- city,''- but* at ' no '. time
during ,^or. \ immediately « before -. the I cam
paign f did -I v : contribute* or ;loan^ him any
money.;-, I don't kiow/Crlmmlnsrand would
i' 1 "':'<.-: ¦• :. ''""': "''¦' ¦' .'¦'¦'¦-""-'.. "t ¦"-." ¦ ¦
not -know him if;I methim'on.the street.
I ' have : noVagreement with " County.. Clerk
Mahony. to, get all the business out of his
office. :.Some_'of the^employes.'of the^of- •
fice do ; business : with me", • but 'there Js : no
agreement^ between \myself 'and^ Mahony >
or myself 'and .Crlmmiris^compelling.them'';
to '] bring I'their.! business '_ to "me."
¦'James ! Mc'Nair,^ a • Ke'arhy 'street • saloon- :
keeper,' was given a clerkship. in^Maaony's ~\
office, "but- he . is far' from being satisfied
with, the Job. McNalr 'is one of "Philly"
CrlmminsV organization "men. - He . con
ducts a . resort ; known as ¦ the: "Brooklyn"
at j 902 ¦ < Kearny street. * ; It ; Is . one of
those .places ":[ where women dance
with^sallors' at night and in the day. time
It .remains closed.''- [McNalr, who is "close
up" I to' 'Crimmins," thought he^ could hold
.dowm.th«M:ierkshlB.ln the Justice .Court
CITY'S CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND SOME MEN WHO FIGURE 'An' } THE SCANDAL IN THE COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE, i
WILLIAM A. DEANE was
quite fehictant at first to
discuss the details of the
contract. He expressed re
gret that the story had
leaked out and attributed
the expose to overzealous friend3
who were displeased because he
had not been fairly dealt with by Ma
hony. Deane said: "I am extremely sor
ry, that this thins has been made public.
I am sorry for Mahony's sake, even
though ha broke faith with me. Person
ally I feel that my position in the matter
is an unfortunate one. I cannot deny the
truth of the story published In yesterday's
Cair in reference to Mahony having made
a contract with me, and at the same time
|l have little desire to discuss? the matter."
"You know, Mr. Deane. 'that Mr, Ma
hony made a contract to retain you in
his office as chief deputy in the event of
his election?" was asked.
"Yes," answered Deane, "I admit that
he did. I guess there is no use trying to
protect Mahony. AH those who knew of
the contract and saw it" or witnessed it
with their signatures have . admitted its
existence and I will also be truthful about
the matter. 1 was not treated right by
Mahony. I worked harder for his elec
tion than any other man he had in his
fight and of course I am very much
grieved over the way he has turned me
down. • Personally I was disposed to re
turn good for evil and assist him to get
along to the best of my ability, but my
friends have come to, me in large num
bers and all of them are nettled and sore.
I .was certalntly turned down hard.
"I have not spoken of Mahony's con-'
tract to a soul and was thunderstruck
when my wife awakened me at 6 o'clock
yesterday morning to read the story of
the affair published in The Call. I know
where the contract is at the present mo
ment and I can produce It if I am forced
to by the proper authorities. Until I am
ordered to produce this contract by the
proper authorities I will not say where it
is or who has It. It is a sorry plight to
be placed in, but it is no fault of mine
that the secret was divulged. Under the
circumstances it would be useless for me
to- deny the existence of the contract., I
would not be doing justice to my man
hood to He about It. I carried out my end
of it ltke a major, and if Mahony had
not thrown me down the subject would
never have been brought up."
Complies When a Po
liceman Brings a
Request*
Will Produce Evidence
of Compact When
Asked*
County Clerk Fails to
Make Appearance
When Asked*
Ex-County Clerk Says
Deal Was Made
. as Charged*
WILL NOT
DENY THE
CONTRACT
IGNORES
MESSAGES
OF MAYOR
THE illegal acts on the part of County Clerk Bert Mahony during the recent campaign, as^published exclusively in The Call yesterday, created intense indignation against boss poli-
Mayor Schmitz took immediate action after reading the charges made against Mahoriy. in '-The Call. .Mter considerable difficulty the Mayor succeeded in getting Mahony
before him and received a denial from the County. Clerk of the charges made. The Grand fe^ Friday afternoon.
The Mayor has again ordered Mahony to appear before him to--day^ at 2 p. m^ ' f>?i
Ex-County Clerk Deane yesterday admitted that the document signed by Mahony^ was in existence and could be produced; ' while ; . John' Flood, '.a ''deputy, confessed to drawing up
the paper. Mayor Schmitz will place Mahony on trial and remove him from office i if found guilty.
DEANE AND FLOOD ADMIT MAHONY SIGNED DOCUMENT
PROMISING POSITIONS IN EVENT OF HIS ELECTION AND
THE GRAND JURY DECIDES T O INVESTIGATE MATTER
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCI.— NO 46.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
..SAN^.FR^ipJIS^GRAND JURY STARTS
TO PROBE SCANDAL
Stops " the Cough
And - works \oJt : the cold. '¦' Laxative. Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold* in one day. No
Cure: No Pay. - Price '25 1 cents. •'*: ¦ •¦ -" - •_
Mary Culverwell, 'a- ]0-year-old- school
girl, residing at 1200. Franklin street.'.was
run over by a two-horse milk wagon yes
terday at the crossing of Bush and Polk
streets.- ••; She luckily escaped with a few.
contused ¦ wounds . of ¦ the ¦ chest ; and right
arm. •• '. ¦' ' ' <•.:¦ ';
Run Over by a Milk Wagon.
Are : not to . be compared -" to : our \new;
Patent Back, Flat-ppening;Blank Books;
which cost no mpr^ than the old style and
are Infinitely better. Dally Journals,
Calendars, Diaries and Calendar. Pads for
1902 at the right prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Marker street." '—: :: " 'T •
The Old Humpbacks
The members "of the . Master • Barbers'
Association met at Foresters'. Hall last
night: and discussed the matter of early
closing on Saturday nights. Many of those
present I expressed themselves in favor of
closing the shops at 10 p. m. on Saturdays
and the eve of holidays, but - no . definite
action was taken. v ' */
Barbe'rs Discuss Early Closing.
City, and t County Attorney ' Franklin K.'
Lane was .not . prepared • to give a- final
opinion on the legal aspeet; of County
Mahony's contract : makes . him
amenable to this provision in the election
laws. ' ¦".¦•¦: / ¦ ' ; ' •• -." •¦¦
• The Supreme Court recently decided in
the case of Crowley vs. Civil Service Com
missioner Freud that the .Civil Service
Commission acting under the provisions
of the charter had no Tight to regulate
or determine the . qualifications of any
county officials. •. Many men of law claim,
•that under -this ".decision County Clerk
Mahony Is safe -from punishment*
The purity of election laws, however,
deal with Mahony's offense in unmistaka
ble terms. Article I of 20 of the
purity of election laws makes It a felonx,
punishable by a term of from one. to. seven
years in : the penitentiary,- for., any per
son "to receive, or agree or contract for,
before or- -during an «lection,-*my money,'
gift, loan or other valuable consideration
¦ office, place or ¦. employment; . f br himself
or any other person for voting or agreeing
to vote, or for coming or agreeing to come
to the polls,; or for refraining from voting,
or for voting. or agreeing to vote, or re
fraining or agreeing to refrain from vot
ing for any particular person . or persona
.at any election." •.. . ¦ .:• • •-. • -.- ¦ .-_¦: . .
County Clefts iM4lioi?y's ' offense against
political, publiCaria"' personal, decency has
given rise to a crossfire 'of legal opin
ion as to whether, the ' Mayor or Su
pervisors the' power to pun
ish him by removing him from 'office.
.There are two or three. provisions ih'the
charter and 'In the purity of election laws
which deal unequivocally . ; with the 'sub
ject, but the question arises as to whetner.
the provisions of a municipal charter can
in any way effect the tenure of office cf
a county official,'. no matter, how serious
his dereliction of duty may be or what
criminal offense he may have committed.
¦i Mayor.
ter andi-fhe Power of the
Some of the Iipgal Phases of the Mat-
! A. E. Hess, or Hespeler, who was ar
rested. Monday^ night by Petectives R,yan
and O'Dea for passing a worthless check
on S. Van Loon, proprietor of the Hotel
Franklin, seems to have had a faculty
for doing that sort of 'thing for years.
He was identified in the City Prison yes
terday by C. G. Kammerer, tailor, Chron
icle building, as the man who passed a
worthless .check for 153 on him on Febru
ary 14, 1889. : Hess admitted the charge.
Another of HeFs' victims is Louis C. Ho
man, grocer, 1651 Mission street. Last
Saturday Hess entered Homan's store and
by plausible talk got him to cash a check
for $100 on the Bank of Santa Monica,
which proved to be worthless. There may
be other charges against him 1 .
Hess told the detectives' that he was for
a time superintendent of the Canadian
mounted police in the Nome district, and
it is said that his father is Speaker of th-j
Ontario, Canada, Parliament. If the peo
ple he has swindled here do not prosecute
him he will be sent to Santa Monica,
where he is wanted for a felony. <lt is
also said that a lady who owns consider
able property in this city is his cousin
and will probably help him out of his dif
ficulties. ' . . --\
PASSfeD WORTHLESS CHECK
I / C; THIBTEEN YEABS AGO
SHORTLY after arriving at his of
fice yesterday Mayor Schmitz Was
interviewed by a Call representa
tive and was asked what steps he
intended to take as to the charges
brought by The Call against thc-
County Clerk. He replied:
*'I propose to deal justly in this matter.
I will first give Mp.hony an ' opportunity
to reply to The Call's charges and will
then ask The Call to appear and produce
evidence against him. I propose to act in
the interests of the people and will, grant
no special favors to any one In the affair.
I will, place Mahony on trial when the
evidence against him Is presented to me
and if I find he is guilty as charged I will
remove him from office.
"I do not think that it is necessary for
the Supervisors to uphold me' in my find
ings. Section 15 of article XVI of the
'¦charter says: 'No person shall be eligible
*,to or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
\ity in any office or department, who has
been found guilty of malfeasance in of
fice, bribery or other infamous crime, or
who -.in any capacity embezzled public
funds.' . ¦ *;f . -
"I think that this provision of th<» char
ter gives me every power to act. . I do
not thir.k that the decision of the Su
preme Court that the deputies in the Re
corder's and County Clerk's offices do not
come under civil" service deprlvis", ' the
Mayor of the power to remove an elected
official, for cause. . ;
"The charter gives the Mayor the power
to suspend and try an elected officer and
remove- him from office if found guilty, of
charges brought against him. Even it
'the-Mayor has- no-power under the char
ter, all officers of the city are subject to
the purity of .election laws for committing
cuclv offenses/ as are charged against Ma
hony."
When sec"n last evening In her apart
ments at 218 Eddy street, Mrs. Davalle
admitted the correctness of the foregoing
dispatch. She. expressed the belief that
her husband was a, bigamist, but refused
to discuss the affair further. ¦ . ¦
Dear Sir: Excuse the liberty I take in writ
ing to you but 1 do s» in regard to the where
abouts of Robert Davalle, or who goes by sev
eral other names. I would; like to know, as I
was married to him. two, years ago the 17th of
this month and afterward found out that- ha
was married before and had a wife tn-'Seattle,
from whom he had never been divorced. If
this ho true I would like to know, and wish
you would look on the books and see if he has
been married as it would be a great help to
me. I hear he has a bad reputation and know
ho has got. into trouble in Seattle, , as I saw
it in the papers. „ , ., • .; ¦ '
I separated from him two years ago next
April and have never .'heard from him. since.
If he'ls that kind of a man I do not care to
have his name, or be I called his wife. I am
only 20 years old and do not .want to think
I have to go through life,, with a stain on my
name or have anything to do with him. •
SEATTLE, Jan. 14.— Mrs. Rose Davalle
of 218 Eddy street, San Francisco, is
greatly worried over, her first and de
cidedly unsatisfactory plunge into matri
mony. She would like , to know, first,
where her husband, Robert Davalle, is
located, and second, if he has, another
wife in Seattle. The County Clerk, who
received a letter of Inquiry touching these
matters from Mrs. Davalle, is" not able to
answer hbr satisfactorily, as the records
do not show anything about Davalle. Al
though Mrs. Davalle says he has been in
trouble here, no one-recalls him. Mrs.
Davalle's letter to the. County Clerk 1 is
as follows: '.
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
Mayor Schmitz Declares He Has Authority
Under Charter to Try Officials and
Remove From Office .
San Francisco Woman
Writes to Seattle.
V Officials.
cided to make Mahony's acts aj question
of the next State campaign. ' •
.. Mahony, promised the* president of the
club,\ Captain Robert; Wieneke, tluft he
would give Oscar . Tolle arid /Carl : W.
Mueller their former positions, but he
has failed to keep his word. Mahony was
assured of 12,000- votes of the German-
American citizens at .'.the time he made
the,; promise. ¦ ,¦--;>;.:•. -r-. • .- .--/*,-.. ¦ .
•A scathing letter, was sent to "Mahony
last week by the club, demanding that
he- give Tolle and -Mueller their -old po
siaons: Copies of the ' letter were also
forwarded to Governor Gage; > Secretary
of • State Curry and J to the chairmen of
the State Central and County
committees. . : :¦ ¦.-- •', -\i . ; :• . •;.
Denounces Machine*' Politics.
/The resolutions passed iby the club last
nieht are as follows:. : • . .¦•
' Whjereas.' In violation of his repeated prom-,
ipes made to our president," : . Captain' Robert
Wieneke, and other members ¦ of our .'Club.
County Clerk Mahony has seen fit nof to re
appoint Messrs. Oscar Tolle and Carl '."W: ; Muel
ler, two of the. most \ efficient . deputies • ap
pointed by : his : predecessors,; .and 'tner?by.- de
prived the German-Americans of '. all representa
tion in that : office,' Jthus '.'showing conclusively
the contempt and hatred.' the said Mahony bears
toward the V German • element; ... notwithstanding
the fact that, he owes '-in a large measure his
election to that part of our- community; jand .
.; • .Whereas, • Our president, has protested against
this gross breach, of faith -and .promise. on the
part, of said Mahony and has. demanded the
immediate reappointment '. of- said deputies.
Now, -therefore, be -it- ¦¦--. - ....... •',-.-..;_ . .
•'.'* Resolved, That we,' the executive committee
of- the German- American Republican Club,
regularly assembled, hereby approve of andin
dorse,the. actions taken by our. president in the
premises." ¦ ••;¦;.'. .. - i • v. ..- :, H. •
¦Besolved, That -we consider t/e acts of Ma
hony'a direct, slur and insult '. to.. the, Gernaan-
Americana of ' this city, and" that we f pledge
ourselves to hold, him, and his .party; managers
responsible therefor. AndTini.ylew.^gf, the fact
that German-Americans .were-; studiously omit
ted and excluded' from ah\ patronage 1 itr*the
County, Clerk's office,' -¦¦>;.-}- it&i'*^*,,
Resolved,) That ~we requests our :club 'member,
Hon. John . Sheriff of -.this 'city and
county, to: meet this executive committee of
the club for.' the purpose of adopting measures
of retaliation against said Mahony and his
party managers. ¦•¦'¦:¦>¦
SAYS HUSBAND
IS A BIGAMIST
Clerk Mahony's case last night. He said
that there was a question? as , to whether
the Mayor - had a right i to ; suspend a
county officer v under the provisions of a
municipal . charter.- IJane said:-; "The
question is one i which is open to , consid
erable argument. * Personally I believe
that it IsUn line with the recent decision'
of the Supreme Court in the case ol Crow
ley vs. Freud, in which a question", arose
as to whether the provisions of a munic
ipal charter had the power to regulate j
and determine the qualifications of a
county official. The Supreme Court in this
case decided that the charter had no
power to interfere with the ceunty offi
cers. There may be other statutes under
which the County Clerk or other officials
are amenable in a. case of this. kind,: but
I would rather refrain from discussing
that question offhand. ' The .provisions- of
the charter on the subject in point are of
"course very plain, but the question is, is
the power of the charter applicable in-this
case? Relying on the decision of the"Su
preme Court in the civil service easel
should say that the power, to remove the
County Clerk, for an offense of this' kind
does not lie with the Mayor." -."viri'r'' ¦
That Mahony is subject to trial. by the
Mayor and removal from office is clearly
covered by section 7 of article XVI of ths
charter. . . «^ . .' _
The section r«ads as follows:- '{No offi
, cer or employe of the city andiCdunty of
t San Francisco shall give or promise to
give to any other person any portion of
his compensation, or any money, or val
uable thing, in consideration of having
been or of being nominated, appointed,
voted for or elected to any office or em
ployment; and' if any such promise or
gift be made, the person making such gift
; shall forfeit his office and employment
and be forever debarred and disqualified
from being elected, appointed or employed
in the service of the city and county."
.and Carl W. , Mueller for reappoint-r
ment as deputies. In his office. The club
passed resolutions denouncing Mahony
and the boss" Republican machine arid- 'de-
INDIGNATION of the most; pro
nounced type was expressed^ la«f
night by the executive committee '<ft
the . German American Republican
Club 'at the action of County Clerk
Mahony in' turning down Oscar Tolle
German- American Citizens Denounce oss
Politicians aNd Their puppets and
Demand Positions.
MAHONY'S" OFFENSE -
AND BEMOVAIi: (QUESTION
Uahony was asked' if the records; of .lls
office showed the certificates. -of -appoint
ment of the three men in question. -No
record could be found and. later, , on a
deputy informed Mahony that no certi
ficates h*uL been., filed. Sr .^<-
•. "While' I was at home -sick; "Frank
French appointed the: men temporarily.
When: I returned and- found ¦; that ' they
had been, appointed I droppeS-them,-be
cause .I-;; already Ijad fifty men" and
the appointments liy "French "Increased
the number of my force more than I wss
allowed by law. French or any other
deputy had the .right to\rriake the;ap
pointments temporarily in my absertge."
Crimmins or Attorney William F. Her
rln of the Southern Pacific Company to
reappoint Deputy County Clerk R. M.
Fitzgerald.
He explained how Fitzgerald, Frank
Grimes and John Cassidy. were appointed
as deputies and removed by him. after a
few days. His explanation -was as fol
lows: . ¦¦. ..' r, : ''.' : -';V^'... .'.•.'•••..,¦..
Mahony dented that any pressure' had
been brought to bear on him by- Boss
Regarding the charge that Mahony had
promised the voters in Butchertown to
appoint a man named Fitzpa trick as a
deputy, the County Clerk said;
"Fitzpatrick worked for me in my
campaign. I did not ask him to quit
working 1 for my opponent or promise that
I would give him a position ¦ if • I was
elected'. I did tell his friends that. if he
could secure the indorsement of the" Re
publican County Committee it was
possible he would be i appointed as a
deputy in the office. I am very • friendly
toward him and would like- to see him
given a position here.". .- .". '
Mahony next denied that he borrowed
$20 from a saloon-keeper on a promise
to appoint Francis Erb a deputy clerk.
"There is no truth in that story," said
Mahony, ;"and it cannot be proven
asrainst me." ¦ y
How Fitzgerald Went In.
When Mahony was asked if.it was" not
possible to force appointees to do. certain
things on pain of losing their ! positions
and if clerks in city offices had not been
obliged to give' up certain portions of
their salaries to politicians and bosses in
past years, Mahony replied: i . -
"I -never knew of such a case. I have
heard of such instances, but only, through
the newspapers. It was charged that
such things *were done in Buckley's time,
but I personally never knew of an in
stance."- \ .- • • . '".- ' ' - .
When Mahqny. "wias " pressed to give an
answer to trie question put-to him, he
answered: "-"If 'i'ne Call produces the
aocUment-4t speaks of, why then I wilt
ad some talking." -.•"
•'Did you or aid you not sign the docu
ment as is charged In The Call?" was
asKed. '.••'. ¦ ¦ •¦ -""..-*•'• ¦¦'.' '
"Well," to. the best of my knowledge and
belief 1 never signed any such paper,"
replied the County Clerk. . '..' . |
••Can you not give an answer, yes or
no, as to whetner you signed such an im
portant- document within -the past few
weeks?" ** ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦•¦ • •' •.. ¦ ¦ '¦¦ ¦ ' '.
• "I repeat my answer," replied Mahony.
"Do you mean that you cannot give a
positive answer on the matter? fauch a
document. Vould surely be impressed on
your mlndl" • • ¦ .¦
"I repeat • that to • the best of my
knowledge and belief I never signed such
a document,", answered the County :Clerk.
••What' have you- to say as to the
charge that Crimmina ¦ made a deal for.
you with'. Bier, & Regensburger, the
money ;brokers, who" in- return ior their,
financial support in your campaign were
"toreceive the business of your office in
discounting the salary warrants of your
deputies?" . . .
'•That story is alUrot," replied Mahony,
"I have my campaign expense account on
record and can account for .every dollar
I spent. I know nothing of what Crim
mins did In the campaign and am not re
sponsible for him. 1 know nothing of his
-actions before the election or at -any
other time. It is absurd to say that I
could control the deputies. v of,, my office
and force them to go-- to^nyj particular
-firm to have .th,eir; salary -warrants dis
counted. . When. I discounted my salary
warrants I- was glad to go to any one
who. was willing to discount them.. I
could not forqe any one of my deputies
to dp business* with Bier & Regensburger,
or'ari.v.other'flrm." , _ v ¦ V
MakesflEvasive Denial.
Again the-, question was put to-Mahpny
as to his knowledge of the document he
signed, promising 'to give a position to
Deane. ""'" '•' ". - v
"Deane is here'," -replied Mahony, "you
had better asK him about.it." .,
"I refuse to answer," replied j Mahony,
"until I have had a charice to see my at-,
torney. Where did The Call get all this
Information from, anyway?" '•
"What have you- to say, Mr. Mahony,
as " to the charges made by- The Call
against you?" was asked. • •-. ¦ . .
When a representative of The Call went
to Mahony's office and knocked on the
door, it was fully five minutes before it
,was opened. County Clerk Mahony, ex-
Couhty Clerk Deane and a man who
stated he was a friend of Mahony were
closeted in the room when The Call rep
resentative was admitted. .
-politicians and office seekers
who desired to see the County Clerk and
he took the precaution to keep himself
locked up in his private office. '
GOUNTY CLERK BERT MA
HONY made his appearance at
his office in' the City Hall for
the' first time in some' days.
There were many disappointed
Says He Will Tails of
Document When
It Is Shown;
Out at Mahony's house an hour later "Flood and'Ma
hony held an exciting interview. Flood told Mahony "that
The Call knew the whole- business,*' and Mahony threw both
hands up in the air and wanted to know if there wasn't some
way to prevent the publication of the story. ..... , r ; ..
Flood said last night: "I am sorry I got mixed up, in
this thing, but I will not repudiate my signature oiv the con-
tract. I drew up several contracts during the campaign, and :
before I rush into print I want toknow absolutely which one
of therii I am talking about. I saw Vallero to-day^, and he
told me he did not remember signing any contract as a wit-/
ness. I know there was a contract between Mahony and
Deane, but it was nothing to me. I was not mentioned in
it. He did not agree in the contract to keep me in the office,
therefore I have no reason to remember every word .'of it.
When that contract was drawn last October I was rushed
with campaign business, and I want to see the contract
again before I do any more talking about it. I am Billy
Deane's friend, and when I see my signature on that con
tract you can bet all you want that I will not lie about it-"
of the month Deane's name will go downstairs to the Auditor
as the chief deputy of the County Clerk."
That's a sample of Witness Flood's present position in
the squabble.
' In an interview with a Call reporter Monday night
Flood said: "I remember having drawn up the contract in
Mahony agreed to retain Deane. I tjiink- that if this
thing is not exposed Mahony will live up to his agreement.
I will see Mahony and ask him if he intends to keep Tiis con
tract. I will tell him that The Call knows everything; that
they know that I signed the contract as a witness, and that
they know the inside of the whole business. Rather than
have this come out in the paper I think that Mahony will
appoint Deane as his chief deputy. I don r t know whether
or not Vallero remembers signing the contract, but he ought
to. He signed it" ,. , » .. .
JOHN FLOOD, stenographer to County Clerk Mahony,
who also served in the same capacity during Deane's
regime, has corroborated the charges against Mahony
made by The Call.
When Flood was first interviewed Monday night he ad
mitted having drawn the contract in which Mahony agreed to
retain W. A. Dearie as his chief deputy in the event of his
election as County Clerk.
Flood grew a bit uncommunicative \on the subject yes
terday, however. He was struggling between his friendship
for Deane and the fear of being ousted from his present po
sition by Mahony. At all events Flood did not repudiate
the admissions made during the course of his on
the previous night. He simply wanted to be a little particu
lar as to which contract he was being questioned about.
"You know, I "drew up so mln~y~ oF them during the
carripaign that I want to be sure which one I am talking
about," explained Flood, suavely. -
Flood's recollection became rather clouded after * the
story was^published. He has a'whol&ome fear of official de
capitation by County.Clerk Mahony, 'and is not anxious to
talk.
"There ought to be some way in which this thing could
be fixed^up/' squirmed Flood. "Mahony is a good fellow,
and I don't think he intended 'to throw Deane down. He
made a contract to keep Deane, and I think that at the end
FLOOD ADMITS THAT
HE DREW CONTRACT
Mahony .Cannot Re
member Signing the
Agreement* 6
STORM RAGES OVER THE HEAD OF COUNTY CLERK MAHONY
AND MAYOR SCHMITZ SAYS HE WILL PLACE OFFICIAL ON
TRIAL AND REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE IF FOUND GUILTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 3902.
GHARLES SONNTAG, foreman: of the Grand Jury,
was seen yesterday immediately after the adjourn
.rnent of the' regular session of the inquisitorial body.
•When asked what course would be" pursued by the
Grand Jury regarding the charges' made against , County
Clerk Mahony Foreman;.SbnTitag said :-- ->..
"The Grand 1 Jury will, take up the investigation of the
-charges against the County Clerk on Friday afternoon at h.
o'clock. A special session of the Grand Jury has been called.
• to examine the' witnesses and 'art; exhaustive; inquiry'>will be
prosecuted to determine the truth' oci falsity, of the charges.
I do not ; knowjust jon what lines the inquiry will beconduct
ed as the Grand Jury has not discussed the case, it" being .
busy at the session just concluded with other. matters.'; I can
only say that it is our intention to probe the matter thorough
ly in order- that- a decision may be-reac^ed at an early, date."
• v ; , ¦¦ t: : ¦:- ¦''''¦¦¦:¦¦¦¦ :'-¦'¦ ¦¦¦:¦* : ~ *0:-xM '
2
ADVEBTISEHSNTS.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
iraSION'S, INHALER CURES OATABBH.
It is the Best Toilet Soap made. A wonderfu
skin curative. Best for the complexion. . Bes
for the bath. .Best for the baby. Best for tb
ha». Large cakes 15c.' Trial alze 6c.;. all dni£
RlstsV~ Munyon's Remedies are positive care*
Advice and Guide to Health free by mail.
IF WE FAIL TO DO AS WE AGREE. SPE-
cialists for men. As many physicians and
others have -nqulred regarding t>ur ORIGINAL
NEW METHOD of treatment for all troubles,
we have dei!3id to demonstrate by send'ng t-t
all who may desire A FREE TRIAL TREAT-
MENT UNTIL FEBRUARY 1ST. State case
plainly and receive plain package by mail.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary st.
$iOOOReward
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovri'd Local
- , . . Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:0O p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
' •* Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Visalia.. 3:39p 6:00a
" Bakersfld C:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a.......
•• Kan.City 2:40a 7:30a
•• Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
' - a for morning. - - p for afternoon. T
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. rn. dally.
4-20 p. m. 13 Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. ' "
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
- 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley: Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.- ' •- - - . •
Salt Rheum
You may call it eczema, tetter or milk
crust. . ;
But no matter what you call it, this skin
diseaae which comes in patches that burn,
itch, discharge a watery matter, dry and
scale, owes its existence to the presence of
humors In the system.
It will continue to exist, annoy, and per-
haps agonize, as long as these humors
remain.
It is always radically and' permanently
cured by .. . ; :
Hood's Sarsaparllla
which expels all humors, and is positively
Unequalled for ay cutaneous eruptions.
Specialists
Jhf||fF >.tr»ictly Reliable.
&mfini\^. The Largest Prac-
\T WL I t' ce on the Pa-
\\ \ \ftyl // ciHc Coast.
INHERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
* \ weakness In a man under Iflfty years of
age. .'other than general debility. Premature-
ness, losa of vitality, etc., are but symptom*
or some damage to the reproductive system,
caused by a contracted disorder or early dis-
sipation. In looking for the- location of this
damage we generally find an enlarged, swollen
and Inflamed prostate gland.' As this gland ls
the very center of the reproductive system it
can readily be understood that inflammation of
it must cause disordered function. These cases
are promptly benefited by proper treatment;
otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse.
The essential point in all of them is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble. In
the prostate. Many men- have unsuccessfully
treated, for a weakness 'and; become discour-
aged, when if an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted Instead - of. tonics a
-cure would have been the result. In our ex-
perience there is no drug In the pharmacopeia
taken into. the stomach, that will even benefit
this' class of cases. ; Our plan of treatment Is
entirely a local one and prompt results are ob-
tained, as Indicated by Increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our. colored chart
which we mall on application, is Interesting to
any one wishing to study the anatomy of the
male, ,*. * *v' >•
Contracted Blood Disease
' : Cured by the Injection Treatment.
After ten, years' use of -this method we have
had no reason to change: on the contrary, our'
belief increases, dally from reports of patlent 3
treated who have married And suffered no re-
lapse.. It offers the following ad vantages, viz. r
Saves time. for the physician and patient as
well as labor, office visits being rendered in-
rnr,««) ?i *A lt " ° f Ufe ' the dls « a se is readily
¦w» . ?f pe . rraan t m - cure ls effected. in a
short time, the stomach' is not drugged and the
Dr. Talcoti & Go,, 997 Market St., Cor. 6th
. >IM » VIGOR, \lTAUTYiorMtN
: 4B®v^im. mormon bishop- s ¦ pills
' ' - iBraiShW* Hm ' ' Bave been * In; use over rJfcy
wfraS^Ssw* years -by the leaders of the
KSm/>- i^Tsif^ Mormon Church and their
if»;K>irfcV!SH followers. Positively cure thu
l3Xti"'j7*'Kiil worst cases in ¦ old and young
!§£. *&aV *8«N arising from' effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
'§BSi>*'?S»,83C clearette-smoking. Cure Lost
w8*j5?aT Manhood. Impotency, Lost
TSShwoT Power* Night Losses,. Insom
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous DeWlity. Headache." Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, , ; /mm Varlcoceleor Con-
stipation. Stop Ner:*-V(f J vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are *"^_*~^_- immediate.-: Im-
part vigror andpote CEJVTS ."ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent! a cure la at hand.
Restore •mall, undeveloped -organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; »0c a box; 8 for
$2 60 fay mail. A written guarantee, to cure or
money ' refunded with « boxe.».: Circulars I free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUls st..
fian Francisco. " Cat GRANT / DRUG CO., t»
• nd 40 Third st . . . • • :¦ T ¦.:¦ r ' . " ~ :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WeeHy Gall $1:00 D8T Year
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 EEABNT ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment nf private
Di.ieuxes, I-ONt Mannood. Debility or
rliseaai" wearing on body anil mind and
' Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
i others fail. - Try hinv Charges low.
»'nrf«punri»ntcrd. Cull or write
»r. J. JF. «aO"OS; saif Francisco. CaL '
BAUjWAY TBAVEL. •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
Vrrnla* !•«»»«• i«n«l »r« «!»• *o »rrH» m* '
. NAN riCANt:iN('4». .
VJ (M»ln Line. Foot of Market Streel) - ¦'
din — Tbou Dscembsb 6, 1902) — ABsrrt
7 :«O a Becicia. Suisan, ElmLr* and 8acra>
meoto «'vlt* 8<O«1»
7iOOa VaearUle. WtntonTBumseT ?:33»
jiSUa Martinez. 3auKkiuoa.VaJiejo,H*pa. -
- C'nlistoga and ,Haut» Hot* *t%Sw ¦
8:«« a Datia, Woodland, Knigau Landing,
MiurjSTlIle. Orovillo. 7iS-1p
StOOs Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and East b):39a~
StoOA Niles, Lathrop. Stockton 7i3as>
SiUOaNIIbb. Mendot*, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterrille *&*»
¦iSOa Shasta E*pre»s— DaTia, Williams (tor .
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Red
Bluff, PorUaiHU. 7»M»
• •¦•» Ban Jose, LlTermore, Stockton,
lotie, HaenDieDto. Plaeertille, _" ' '
. M»r»»»«"«, Chleo. Red Blult 4>*a»
¦tS»A Oakdala. Chinese, Honor*. Tuohunn* 4:83a>
•>«Oa Haywaid. Niles and Way Stations.. I I«»3A
•iOOa Vallejo 13>23»
• «•« a Los Angeles Kxpress — Mirtluei,
Trmcy. Lathrop. Stockton. Merced '
Fresuo aud Lot A&xelea 7iS3i
Bi30a Valleio. Martiues and Way Station* 7:33r
1 »iO ua Ths OTorlanrt Limited— Og Jao, Dea-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago .' i*i*3»
flt«*r Sacrameuto Kltor Steamers tll:OO»
StOOp Benieia, Winters, H»or»niento.
Woodland. Knights Landiufc
MarysTille, OroTllle I»:33a,
SiStr Haywara. lilies and Way Stations.. 7:53#
4i««pMartiii«x. Halt lUwou. - Vallejo.
Napa. <;«Uiitnxa. Sauta Rosa wi3»f
4«OOr- Niles, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodi... la^aap
4i8«r Hajward. Nile*. Han Joes. LlTcrmoro JS:33a
4:80? The Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulam
Bakersfleld, Saugiia for Sauta Bar-
bara. Los Anceles ¦ SiSJI*
Bin Op Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 10:83*
BiOOrMarUnn, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1**23»
•:«wrHa»waxd, Niles and San Josa 7i3.t4
fCtOOr Vallejo ." 11:23*
••Our Oriental Mail— Ogden. Dearer,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4iS9*
7>00r Oregon and California ICx press, Has*
rauientn, Marynllle, Redding.
Portland. l>iiget Sound and Kasl 9:33*
¦¦•OvBan Pablo. Pork Coats, Maxtine*
and Way SUUona.TA .....: 11:23*
_t»««gt > Vall«io .......>': 7«33»
COAST liIXE (Harrow e«Bge).
(Foot ot Market Street.) '
•i!3 A Newark. Oentor»llle,ftanJos«,B'elton, ' ;•-"¦ . *¦
. . Boulder Creek.8auU.GinaandW>f - '
SUtloim «..'.. Si9w«
t»»iapNew»rlr. Ceiiterrlllo, San Jose, 5?o\» ; .
. Alnwden, Telton. Booldex Creek. . .
Santa, Ciui and 1'ilnciyal Way
SuUons ..J. Iwiao* ¦
4«l.-»r Newark, Mam Jote. Los Gatos |Si50s>
«S.3op Hunters' Tralu— San Jose and Way - "
Stations V7.%99
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frta SIX mSCISCO— Faov of XarJcat Striet (SUi 8)—
tj:19 >:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3iC3 ' S:I3r.M*
frimOUUU— rMtsfBtuawsT.— 1«:00 UM \%M
10:00a.M. 12:00 3,03 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Uange).
i . - - ': ; (Third iu>d Townsend Sta.)
O:I«A San Jose and Way Stations.......... ffsJw*
7:00a Nau Jose and WaySUtlons f *»O»
/7:«»a New Alinadeii / 4tlO»
8.00 a Coast Line Limited — Saa Josa,
Gilroy, Salinas, San Lois Obispo. ,.
Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles and
srlncipal intermediate stations.... 1 0:44s)
BiOOa Han .!•)>«. Tres linos. HuntH, Criuc,
,. Pacllic Uinn, Salinas. San Lota •..-¦",
Obispo ami Piinclya! intennedlata
St.it.l..n» 4>l«v
IOiSOa San Jose and Way Stations.. *i8«*\ '
IIi3Oa Mau Jnse and Way Stations 8i4|a
tSi43r San Mateo. lledwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Sauta Clara, San Josa,
Tres Pinos, Santa Crux, Salinas,
tloiuerny mii-l 1'acliic GroTa flOi-434
8i3»r Han Joee aud Way Stations. Ii8*s>
fi:l3r flan Jose and Princirtal Way Station* 3>30»
4tSOr Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednes*
days, Friday*, for Los Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New York. ' ''
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and '
-Thursdays IO1IS4V
fSsSOrSan Joae. Los Gatos and Principal
» Way Stations .' t»:OOt
3>S»r SanJose and Principal VayStatlou* 6i8Oy
«::n»p Pan Jose ami WayStanons 7»10»
7>00r New Orleans Express— fan Lola ¦ -•- '.
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
. eeles. Doming. El Paso, New Or>
loins and East..... 7i3O*
SUI»45pSan.)(Hieinid Way Stations 7»3«»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
f Nnnitay rxepted. i hunday only.
_j» Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. ;
i_,eiss:ej:h:s
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— T:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. *
3:30. 8:10, 6:30 p. m. T-iursdaya — Kxtr*
t$p at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips -
at 1:50 arid 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30^
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . ;. ,:; .
Saa Ratao: to> San Francisco. - ' •
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:30, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — ISxtra
trips at 1:53 and 6:33 p. m.
SUN JD AYS— 8:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. «:25 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San Francisco.
"Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I Week .
Days. I days. I Destination [ days. . | Days.
7:30am 8:0Oam Ncvato. J10:40azn 8:40am
-3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. I 6:05pm 10: 23am
5:10pm 6:00pm Santa Kosa.| 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
T :30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:C3pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
Lytton. • ¦'.
Oeyserville.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:23am>
3:30pm 8:00am "and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm.
I:3Cam 10:40am 10:25am :
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 8:00pm N 6:20pm
7:30am 8 :00am I Sonoma 9:15am 3:40am
I and
6:10pm 5:C0pm|Glen Ellen. 0:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00aml |10:40am|lQ:25ain
3:30pm| 5:00pm( Sebastopol. 1 7:33pm( 4:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark
West Springs and White SulphurNSprlngs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton Nor Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Slcaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Duncan Sr-rings, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
i vllle, Carlsbad Springs, - Soda Bay, Lakepcrt
j and Bartlett Springs; . at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. OrT*s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort . Bran.
Westport. Usal. Willita. Laytonville. Cummins!
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTJLV.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE EVERETT
Is Like No Other Piano.
And" } No Other Piano Is Like
THE EVERETT
I ™ • ¦ ¦¦ ' -':¦¦¦ • ¦ ¦ .-
FOR. SALE ONLY BY
The WILEY B. ALLEN €0.
LEADING PIANO DEALERS,
931-933 Market St., San Francisco.
• BRANCH STORE— 951 Broadway , Oak!and. •; ¦
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 20, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLRT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:55. S:3O. •8:30, 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45, 8:15. 4:15, 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^CK). *I0:00. »ll:30 a. m.. 'Ills,
3-15. »4:45. 6:30, 0:S0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to! San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a in *12:25. 2:15. •3:35. 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
• nd Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-6:15. '10:00. 'HAS a. m..
•1-40 *3:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. rn.
/Trains msrked C) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO HAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. 10:30
a m . 12:35, 2:45, 3:M>. 5:10 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:03, 2:13.
2-30 5'00, 6:-*5 p. m. .
t.ov. « THROUGH TRAINS.
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
B '*:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ' ¦
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. |
flOUNT TAM ALP AIS U.\ILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive -
San Fran. Foot of Market St San Fran.
Day 3 - da > s - »s,h« .t ft . da y 8 -. 8 :
9-30 A. 8:00 a. v^. » ktro *t i*> 1-00 p. 0:45 A.
51 1: 'M =rSb?— P 5 SS J:
v 1:15 p. "• 1f »* I »i-* 5:33*. •
r»r«, Su Fnacbc* to Susmlt tat Rehim, II.JOl
Debt OOco, d21 M.ULUI STHJCET ud SAUSUITO HUl
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
ADVEBTIKEMENTS.
i ill t^ • -»
"Hot Favorites
'From The H-OCo/s Buckwheat^ the
famous product of New York State.
Old-fashioned— reliable— ready to use.
j£bS^ V^s^^asssisflBSn^^ls^Cfl jSL wSSsV •
•4B- ¦•¦, GENUINE
: .JtiL, REDUCTION SALE
¦ pMmM. ' for 60 days
vff|l» . 10%
W" l&3ra<!»T *•¦ discount on our former
w&Iraiif prices. See windows.
VIM JOE POHEIM
/ If H " ,'. The Tailor
I if u& " '¦ 201 km 203 KMTGCtHExr Street
INI mo kM 1112 Market Street
I H H ¦',•¦ •*'« : FB»HCI«CO .
; M^ " .143 South Spriw StreetSAVANNAH, Ga., Jan. 14.— Admiral
Schley, accompanied by General W. W.
Gordon, visited the Georgia" State Agri
cultural and Mechanical College (colored)
to-day. -.,- ,
To-night a brilliant reception In honor
of Admiral Schley was held at the resi
dence of General W. W. Gordon.
Talks to Colored Students.
He is allowing no inkling of. his opinion
to get out and nothing will be made public
until his action is announced. Naval offi
cials profess to feel confident that the
President will uphold Secretary Long and
the findings of- the Court, with the excep
tion of those individually expressed - by
Admiral Dewey. If he fails to do- this,
he will be charged with having given way
to popular clamor, for before Long 1 acted
upon the. findings of the court he sub
mitted his indorsement to .Roosevelt and
the latter approved it. If the President
acts in the Schley case before the rear
admiral submits his appeal, as his pres
ent plan contemplates, friends of the com
mander of the flying squadron will charge
him with unwillingness to consider the
points which will vindicate their hero.
This charge was made by them against
Rear Admirals Benham and Ramsay. Un
mindful of criticism that. may be made,
however, Roosevelt has made his investi
gation and .he proposes to act conscien
tiously, believing that the country will ac
cept his verdict as that of an honest and
.impartial man. /
From the lips of Rear Admiral Schley
he heard that officer's defense. When he
began his Investigation Roosevelt brushed
aside all previous opinions he had enter
tained. As far as possible he placed his
mind in a condition to fairly consider the
facts which he hoped to develop. He has
not consulted Secretary Long or any other
official of the Navy Department; because
he wanted to make a .decision which
would be accepted by the country as his
own. The President has about satisfied
himself as to the character of the con
duct of Rear Admiral Schley- during the
war with Spain. .
Hears Defense From Schley.
have knowledge of the President's course
in connection with the Schley case, Roose
velt has ' been priming himself for action
ever since Rear Admiral Schley appeared
at the White House. He immediately s^nt
for a copy of the testimony adduced dur
ing the investigation by the court of in
quiry. He also obtained other Informa
tion' concerning the views of the cap
tains of the fleet immediately after the
battle of Santiago. He has talked with
Captain Clark, who commanded the Ore
gon; Rear Admiral Taylor, who command
ed the Indiana; Rear Admiral Evans, who
commanded the Iowa, and. Mr. Graham,
the press correspondent who was on
board the Brooklyn.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G .STREET, N.
W. , WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.-Presldent
Roosevelt will, 'unless he changes . his
present »plan,. dispose of the appeal, of
Rear Admiral Schley within', forty-eight
hours. His action, he is confident, will
definitely settle the naval controversy. In
making such a prompt disposition of. the
appeal of the rear admiral Roosevelt' will
spring a surprise not only upon the ap
pellant j but upon the Navy Department.
Secretary Long had expected that the
President would await the receipt of the
brief which Rear Admiral Schley's coun
sel Is now preparing.' . Rear' Admiral-
Schley has gone south, believing that the
President will do nothing in his case .un
til the presentation of the document en
January 20.- According to_ officials outside
of the Navy Department, who claim to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chief Executive Proposes to Definitely
Settle the Famous Waval Con
troversy in His Own Busi
,'•".'.%; • ness-Like Way.
Roosevelt Examines Testi
mony and Forms an Opin- .
. ion for Himself. .
Appeal of Admiral Schley
Is Soon to Be Dis
posed Of.
PRESIDENT
WILL ACT
PROMPTLY
STANFORD* , UNIVERSITY, Jan. 14.—
Never ', before , has -such" a X llvefy : interest
been ' takeh"[in ¦ a*, sophomore ; class election
as : at the • present time.'. -' Four • candidates
bre . in «the ¦ field : for ¦ the - presidency; ". two
for" the* : secretary's ; position and : two'- for
the treasury-ship. ' - The '. .following • men
were nominated: .For president, C.'Ken
nedy, W. Crossman, TV. D. Patterson and
J.' Taylor; for ;vice, president, L. P. Bans
bach: for secretary— W.jE.VVan Dine and.
W. *-' F. s Dunn : : for * treasurer— I.r Russell
and M./H." Farrarrifor 'athletic^manager,
B.'\ C. -, Bubb ; ' for ' sergeant at ¦ arms, • M. A.
Thomas.-, The election '.will: be held next
Tuesday; ;
Xively Campaign at Stanford.
Relief comes with first application. Also the
quickest and most effective" remedy 'for .chil
blains, chaflngs, sore muscles, skin Irritations.
It cures piles. Price, 25c and '50c.' at druggists
or by mall.* Ealva-cea, 274 Canal St., ; N. '¦ T.'-"
mained in the hotel during the hanging
of the first, four victims and said nothing
to the mob in protest. • -¦'¦¦ - -*.-¦ -
» Afjer disposing of Calvin Hall, Polman
ter . made the remark that ; the ; lynchers
had better . hold -. their .' tongues \ forever,
after which the party separated; - ¦•-¦-.-.-
Spencer asked Hutton to i explain how
it was that in the direct examination he
For Catarrh — Try Salva-cea.
Many of the ladies of the church de
clare this is unkind of the trustees and
the church Is liable to suffer from a falling
off Jn attendance of their sex.. Besides,
Easter is so near, and what will that oc
casion be with new and showy hats held
In the lap or tucked away under the seat?
The milliners of Los Gatos also take this
.view.' ¦•: ..-¦¦¦":V;;.';^ ' - : "¦ .¦ ••¦:>• ¦...¦y-^r.
Many times many, who attend church are
annoyed and inconvenienced by having their
view of the minister and pulpit" obstructed by
large and spreading hats or bonnets worn by
those -sitting in front or i them, . and the
effect of . a good sermon, address , or song la
lost by not being able to view the speaker or
singer, and as the State has recognized the
justice of the above by passing laws regulating
the same in public places of amusement
• V • 'we most earnestly ' and respectfully
request that all " persons remove their head
dress during the. entire service of the' church
so as not to inconvenience or obstruct the view
of any person behind.
' LOS GATOS.. Jan. 14.— Hereafter the la
dies attending the . Los Gatos Methodist
Episcopal Church must remove their
headgear bo as not to obstruct the view
of those behind them. This Is the edict
that has gone ¦ forth from the board of
trustees of the . church. . It was read in
church last Sunday and caused no little
stir among; the fair sex.. The resolution
recites that:
Eseclal Dispatch to The* Call.
Methodist Trustees in
\ Los Gatos Issue the
NO MORE HIGH
HATS IN CHURCH
alternate, is In the department of philoso
phy. Both Wagner and Rice are members
and* officers of college literary societies,
the former in Euphronia and the latter in
Nestoria. They have taken an active part
in debating ever since matriculating in
the university.
The members of the Carnot team will
be excused from the preliminary try-outs
for membership on the team which will
meet California in the annual intercolle
giate contest In April, but will be obliged
to try for positions in the finals at which
the intercollegiate team is chosen.
SPEAKERS SELECTED
FOB CARNOT FINALS
BERKELEY, Jan. 14.— The final debate
Nine State University Men to Debate
for Places on the Intercollegi
ate Team.
"Mr. Raker, you make a lot of hlgh
ftown side play for the benefit of the gal
lery and. I want you to Stop, it." ;-. ':.".' >.'.:¦
¦ On recross-examlnatlon Spencer brought
out the fact that the lynchers had met at
the ¦¦>, Alturas . racetrack to arrange and
agree on the story to tell the Grand Jury '
so that body would believe that they were
not the lynchers." Hutton testified further
that he resided . in the Grand Hotel and
made that hotel his stopping place out of
his own choice. ,.: >
Here -ended the -direct crt>ss-examlna
tlon and redirect examination was taken
up by General Post for " the prose
cution. He spent much time In Inquiring
as to the length and . Intimacy- of Hut
ton's acquaintance . with certain members
of the I lynching party. The defense pro
tested. Later, when Post asked Hutton If
he had played' baseball with friends,
Raker protested that the court had ruled
against the : defense when It asked : Hut
ton II he had gone swimming with them
The court would not sustain the objection.
Raker remarked that '"God- la not trying
this case," to which Judge Harrington re
plied, J'No, God and, you are enemies."
, In answer to Post's questions, Hutton
said he had not been restrained his liberty
and that he had not been tutored for his
story. ¦ Raker objected to these questions
and the court said:' ; •
Judge and Counsel in Repartee.
had said that "some fellows" had sug
gested that they keep their own counsel
and asked Hutton when he had dis
covered that It was Polmanter, to which
Hutton replied "Yesterday." 1 .
. "Who talked to you so that your mem
ory was refreshed?" he was asked.
• "Mr. Raker," replied Hutton.
-A titter went around the room; Judge
Harrington declared a recess, and what
might have been one • of the sensations
of the day was spoiled.
After recess the question as to how Hut
ton's memory was refreshed was dropped
and Hutton was questioned as to the re
sistance made by Frank Hall." Next the
defense took up the position of the moon
on the night of the lynchers, Hutton hav
ing said it was high .In the - heavens.
Harris, , for the defense, produced an
almanac for May and Spencer desired to
introduce it. The court refused the re
quest and the debate grew very warm,
but the court would not rescind his order.
for the selection of speakers to represent
the University of California in the annual
Carnot contest: with Stanford will be held
Monday night in Stiles Hall, commencing
at 7:45 o'clock. At the preliminaries held
last night the nine best debaters were
chosen -for the finals. Of this number
three will be selected to compose the team
with one as substitute. . The question will
be: "Resolved, That the President of the
French republic should be elected by the
direct vote of the people." Each speaker
will be allowed twelve minutes' time, of
which. three must be for rebuttal. F. F.
Goodcell of the intercollegiate debating
committee will preside. The -Judges have
not been chosen. v
The debaters will speak in the following
order and on the side indicated: C. F.
Stern, affirmative; C. C. Haines, negative;
W. Rothchild (law college), negative; J.
J. Eppinger, affirmative; F. M. Allen, neg
ative; H. L. Rothchild, negative;- M. E.
Deutsch, affirmative; L. E. Martin, nega
tive; Max Thelen, negative.
The prosecution then took a hand In a
triangular row and the air was warm for
a few minutes. • /
Official Reporter Doane finally ' certified
to the copy of his . notes In the . hands of
the defense and the examination of Hut
ton proceeded. Z1ffi#S&X3S&i&$i&
The question as to who was Ihe leader
of the mob came up, calling for a protest
from Post, who said that it had been pro
viously answered. Hutton having testi
fied that Claude Brown • was the leader. \"
Hutton said that five or six of the party
went in for old man Hall, but he did not
remember any conversation, or . who ; hail
charge of the old man. Hair asked what
was wanted, and some one replied:
"We'll show you pretty soon." The lynch
ers went to the , bridge,- .- leaving- • Judge
Myers, Constable Carpenter, Sidney Goy
ette and James Brown - standing on the
porch of the hotel. These men had re-
Dispute Becomes Triangular.
Spencer offered to show the paper to
the witness, asking Hutton if the portion
objected to was his testimony. Post
objected, saying counsel knew It was
wrong for a lawyer to show a witness
any paper not a document of the court.
Spencer replied that all the counsel for
the prosecution knew could be contained
in a small primer and would then be un
intelligible. Spencer explained that: the
defense had two papers, one a personal
copy and the other notes of an official
reporter. Raker protested that - the ¦. de
fense was unable to get a certified copy
of the reporter's notes, as the court
would not order It. This caused Har
rington to become very angry and to say:
"Raker, you are getting too obstreper
ous and your remarks regarding the
court are ungentlemanly. I'll .put you
out of this case if you don't behave your
self." . . . ¦..¦¦»•
tentlon, and that only after the meeting
on the bridge were all aware of It.
The lynching party returned to the ho
tel, some of the men, including the wit
ness, remaining outside. Hutton said that
Claude Brown and Louis Polmanter
went to the side of the hotel, got a rope
left there and went inside to guard the
doors; whereas In his direct examina
tion Hutton had said that Morris and
McDaniels got the rope and went back
into the kitchen to guard the doors.
Counsel for the defense began reading
his testimony on direct examination from
an unofficial copy and the prosecution
protested. Raker said that the defense
had asked for a certified copy and had
been unable to get It. ] Further discussion
followed, and Judge - Harrington asked
Raker to show the court the copy In his
possession. Raker refused, on the ground
that it was private property of the de
fense. The Judge became very angry at
what he called the ungentlemanly con
duct of the defense, and said that he
would not permit him to proceed. It ¦was
the first time, he said, that he ever
heard of counsel refusing to permit the
Judge in a case to look at any paper.
The court refused to lef the witness ex
plain any discrepancies in his testimony.
Raker' then offered the. paper to the
court, but Judge Harrington refused ,to
look at It.
Herbert C. Jones and Edward W. Rice
are students in the law department,
Fletcher B. Wagner is In the Wstory de-'
partment . and Leon L. Loofbourow, the
Berkeley In February. The fact
that a Stanford man last year won the
annual medal offered by Baron de Cou
bertin has kept up enthusiasm and every
one is well satisfied with the showing
made by the successful trio of debaters
who won In the final try-out. The Stanford
team is peculiarly representtive, two of
the debaters being fraternity men and the
third and' the alternate being independ
ent. «Two of the four are law majors, one
registers in the department of history and
the fourth in philosophy.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 14.
Never before has so much Inter
est been shown at Stanford In the
Carnot debate, which will occur at
TWO OF THE STUDENTS SELECTED TO ' REPRESENT STANFORD UNIVERSITY IN THE CARNOT DEBATE
TO TAKE PLACE AT BERKELEY IN. FEBRUARY. LAW IS THE MAJOR STUDY OF ONE, WHILE THE
OTHER IS IN THE HISTORY DEPARTMENT AT PALO ALTO. . . »
Counsel brought out that It was the
original intention of the mob to hang the
five men. and when asked why the dis
cussion arose the witness replied that
not all present knew of' the original ln-
Raker Angers the Court.
Witness replied that he considered that
he was taking as much part in the hang-
Ing as though he /had thrown Wilson
from the bridge. He fald that after
Frank and James Hall had been hanged
the question as to whether or not old
CalvJn Hall should be hanged came up,
nnd it was decided to hang him "because
be mifrht do some of us some Injury."
"why," asked counsel, "did you *iay
in your direct examination that *we
threw Wilson overT "
Hutton said that while marching from
the schoolhouse to the hotel a halt was
made for the selection of a leader. . He
¦was asked to serve but declined and
Claude Brown was selected. ¦ On arrival
at the hotel the ropes and sacks for gags
were distributed and the men lined up
in pairs. Brown heading the column. The
door to the barroom was opened and the
guards were covered with pistols and or
dered to hold up their hands. The pris
oners stepped up quietly. James Brown
bound the first and then the others. Dur
ing this proceeding Judge Myers came
down from upstairs, opened the barroom
door and was ordered to go back at the
point of a pistol. He went to another door
and said he would kill some one If they
did not get off the place. Constable Car
penter, attracted by the noise, also opened
the door and was ordered back. He did
not appear again. Hutton said that some
of the prisoners shouted and groaned.
Frank Hall, the first man bound, was
taken out by Robert Leventon. John Pot
ter, Isom Eades and Henry Knox. The
witness and Claude Mortis followed with
young Wilson. On the road to the bridge
F"rank Hall managed to get one arm free
and fought his cantors.
Spencer asked Hutton whether he had
had any experience at gagging any one
previous to the lynching, or If he had par
ticipated In the hanging. To this question
objections were interposed and sustained.
Hutton said that Daniel Yantls was the
first man thrown from the bridge and that
Fred Roberts. Jervls Kresgre and Louis
Polmanter, who threw Tantis over, re
turned and asslstqjj Claude Morris and
the witness In hanglnp Martin Wilson,
though the first-named three actually
threw him from the bridge.
Declines to Lead the Mob.
The court, sustaining another objection
later in the session. Raker remarked that
the defense had only the main evidence of
the witness to get the facts from, as
cross-examination was prevented.
"I think the jury would believe the wit
ness as soon as they would you. He is
under oath and you are not," was the
court's comment. .
"That's right, educate the witness," In
terposed Raker.
The court took this as a personal af
front and brusquely sustained the objec
tion of Post after he had himself bade the
¦witness to answer.
An objection was sustained. Hutton
said that several of the party had fire
arms, among them Fred Roberts and
Claude Brown, who carried pistols, and
Robert Levenson, who was armed with a
rifle. Spencer questioned Hutton as to
the identity of Roberts, the latter being a
cripple. This ground having been gone
over yesterday, the question brought
forth objection by Post, who said:
"We went over that cripple business
yesterday."
"Let's go over It again," said Judge
Harrington.
Spencer was rather particular in his
questioning regarding the certainty of the
witness that the sacking used for gagging
purposes was coal sacking. Hutton had
distinguished it from barley sacking, say
ing it was coarser and like coal sacking.
Spencer asked:
"How did you know It was coal sacking?
Did you stop to weigh it when strangling
the boy, Martin Wilson? Were you not
excited when lynching Wilson?"
"No, not very," replied Hutton.
"Then it was an easy matter for you,
Mr. Hutton?"
"No, It was not easy and it was not
hard." - ¦- : •
"Murdering that boy did not disturb you
very much then?**
Material for the Masks.
Attorney E. V. Spencer again conducted
the cross-examination. He first took Hut
ton over the ground from the time the
lynchers congregated at the echoolhouse
to the binding and gagging of the prison
ers in the barroom of Myers* Hotel, where
they were kept under the guard of James
Brown and Sidney Goyette. Hutton said
that in addition to bringing sacks for
masking purposes the country party
brought ropes and sacking for tying and
gagging the prisoners and wagon spokes
to be used as clubs. James Brown came
down from the hotel and told the lynchers
he would light a cigar as a signal that all
was ready for the night's work.
cross-examination the defense will have
finished with the witness. Some of the
details related by the lyncher on the wit
ness stand caused shudders to run
through the courtroom crowd. He showed
that the Lookout mob of which he was
a member planned and carried out . the
execution of its five victims as cold
bloodedly as a hunter would slay an en
trapped beast. No humane Impulse led
a sinsrle member of the mob to seek to
make the lynching less brutal. All rev
eled In the torture inflicted upon their
victims. When Daniel Yantls, Martin
Wilson and the two Hall J>oys had been,
thrown from the bridge with ropes around
their necks the lynchers, their blood
thirstiness not glutted, went back after
aged Calvin Hall. They answered the old
man's appeals with rude jest, as though
he were a circus clown to be kicked and
buffeted around for their amusement.
Hutton tells the 6tory from the stand
point of one no less culpable than the
others and omits not a single revolting
detail.
£i>eclel Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Jan. 14.-Jonn Hutton's
6tory of the Lookout lynching is almost
told and with to-morrow's additional
Occasional Clashes Between Court
and Counsel Continue to
Enliven Alturas
Trial.
Story of Barbarism Causes
the Courtroom Crowd
to Shudder.
Witness Hutton Gives
Further Details of
Lynching.
MOB SHOWS
NO PITY FOR
ITS VICTIMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15; 1902.
Palo Alto Faculty and Students Are Well Satisfied With Oratorical
Abilrty Displayed in the Final Try-Out by the Ment Who Will
Represent the Cardinal in the-Forthcoming Contest at Berkeley
STANFORD HOPEFUL OF CARRYING
OFF HONORS IN CARNOT DEBATE
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I want to say for the benefit of some poor
dyspeptic that Btuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
give comfort and a cjre every time. Five
The Price Cut No Figure With H:m.
Five Dollars a Box.
P0STX7M rrETTRAT.
I IT'S FUN' i
J To b3 Well ! ?
J Leave Coffee, +
X Use POSTUM. +
* ¦ x
tDONE! ! ! *>
-- Physicians everywhere Indorse them because
they are as safe fon the child as for the adult:
they are | Invaluable . for : sour stomach. . nervous
dyspepsia, , heartburn," gas on stomach and bow-
els and; every; form of stomach derangement. -"
"I am so 'thankful for finding a tare so good
and - so pleaaant to take 1 as | Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablet*. : I am ' surcrlsed . at the : change < they
have made In me." ; .*•¦*.-, - r \ ;¦ ¦¦ • • — ¦
All druggists sell and recommend .Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, • because they contain only
the simple, natural digestives, . and. taken after
meals prevent acidity and cause prompt diges-
tion and ¦ assimilation • of food.,'.'. ' ; .. •-
"My digestion. is fine," my complexion clear
and I am able: to, do my. work and low spirits
are' unknown .to me. • :-. / . •; ;.¦ . . v
"1 thought I would .try; a ;, box of Stuart's
Dyspepsa Tablets and ' see If they ' would make
me feel better, never really thinking I had dys-
pepsia, but after only three or four tablets had
been taken all the acid trouble disappeared and
then I ¦ discovered I: had had acid dyspepsia,
while ; the - doctors • had - • been . treating - me t for
kidney ¦ and bladder trouble ana . one of ¦ them
treated me for. rheumatism., ...
. Mrs. Jas., Barton of Toronto, Canada/writes:
"For. eighteen- months I suffered from; what; I
supposed , was bladder and kidney trouble, and
took j medicine ¦;¦ from " three / different f doctors,
without any.' sign ' of cure. .1 felt ' so ill at last
I was! hardly; able "to do my,' ¦work. ¦.'-., • ¦-'--¦ ,
"South- Sudbury.'Mass."
••A. ELLMS and CHAS. F. BUZZELL.
. . ' ' "Asst. . Postmaster.
"Many of my neighbors have also tried these
tablets" and found them to be Just as repre-
sented and Mr. Ellms also wants me to use his
name In endorsing Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.'
Signed '/¦/¦ . . ; '•,:-'-;
r - "The one 60-cent box I bought at my drug-
gist's did :. the .work and my, digestion is all
rleht again. •'¦, -¦ \ . '. : "J
dollars a box would not stop my purchasing
them should I ever, suffer again as I did for a
week before using them. :>i --;;-;
3 *. , imUfl^|S JWA3IP.B00T. I
DO NOT NEGLECT
.¦ . ¦ » - ' ¦¦ ¦
¦ '¦ ¦'¦ : ¦ TTATTTV T7TTVlTT1TT/i
YOUR KIDNEYS
Because if Kidney Trouble is Permitted to
Continue Fatal Results are Sure to Follow.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May
Hava a Sample. Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhea'.thy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any othsr disease, therefore, when through
negiect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow. v
It used to be considered that only urinary and bladder
troubles were to be traced to th? kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases have their beginning in the
disorder of thess most important organs.
Your othjr organs may need attention— but 3 our kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first. V'
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Foot, the great kidney, liver and, bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial wKl convince anyone.*
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. smarting or irritation in passing, brick-
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney dust or sediment in the urine, headache,
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
stands the highest for its wonderful lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
cures of the most distressing cases, due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
Swamp-Root will set. your whole system tiona from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
rlght, and" the best proof of this is a trial, matlsm, diabetes, bloating, irritability.
• ,v-nr » ,it»», c. nr»™» -v,».i, r-i»» wornout. feeling, lack of ambition, loss
dear iinT^ U7th ¦"*- NeW OcTf r i5th?V ojMta*. «a"«>w complexion, or Bright*.
>€ I had been Buffering severely from kidney T - . • -
trouble. All symptoms were on hand: my for- I i, you^. wat er when allowed to remain
mer strength and power had left me; I could undisturbed In a glass or bottle for
hardly drag myself alongf v Even my mental ca- twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
pacity was giving out. and often I -wished to settling or has a cloudy appearance. It is
die. It was then I saw an advertisement of evidence that' your kidneys and bladder
yours In a New York paper, but would not hav« need immediate attention,
paid any attention to It. had It not promised a _. ».«„ ?»._ u ».? » t
sworn guarantee with every bottle of your med- " you Have tne Sllgntest symptoms or
lcine, asserting that your Swamp- Root Is pure- . kidney or bladder trouble, or if there is
ly vegetable, and does not contain any harmful a trace of it in your family history, send
drugs. I am seventy years and four months at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
old, and with a good conscience I can recom- N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail,
mend Swamp-Root to all sufferers from kidney immediately, without cost to you, a sam-
troubles. Four members of my family have ple bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
npt n rtY»i»^ w!?rfh TOt «i™. t^ n «» containing many of the thousands upon
Wlth^^r^a^tT^ W I^rS^"vei» thousands °* testimonial letter^ received.
You may have a sample bottle of . this the San Francisco Daily Call,
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and la
sent free by mail, postpaid, by which you for sale the world over at druggists In
may test its virtues for such disorders as bottles of two sizes and two prices— fifty
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases, cents and one dollar. Remember the
poor digestion, when obliged to pass name, Swamp-Root, and the address,
your water frequently night and day, Binghamton, N. Y.
THIfAfift wh iiilliiifi /Mi NFW V01?lf
The greatest train across the contl nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mada> it ths most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. E
Git; Ticket Office, 641 Market St,
I JJR.PIERCES
GOB-DEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD,LIVER.UJKGS.
£!§&> WONG WOO,
tpT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
frjjT SANITARIUM.
>J|g|\ 764-66 Clay St., S. F-, Cal.
5ePP/#I\v 'A ll diseases cured
". # * fl »«tt»* l l *\ exclusively by Chtae»«
herbs, "over. 3000 varieties ¦ being used. ¦ .* Hours
8:30" to 11 a, m., 1 to 3 and T to » p. m.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 8T3.— RX-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD *
CO. European plan. : Rooms, 50c to H 54 day;
$S to it week: JS to $20 month. - Free bathj;
iot and cold water every room; fire grata* in '
every rcom; elevator runs all night.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coke for sals to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
' &5B&&Mg&SSS6&a* RlfPTIIRf-
'•^^^StiC^- Dr.Pierce's I
T'^^^t^^^ KLECTKIO TlirSS I
&'. ~JjGPQtiy^- -Nothing like it. Comfort &ffi
•J— — JgsStr 1 security! A Perfect Retainer. IS
H /ffl[- \I' does the workl Sj^ Call or ftC
H3k ACTV write today for "bocxlkt so; 1>" JpSjj
Address: M?«jn?tic E. Truss Co., |3gs
• -r™^- ¦ 206 Pof t Strr ct, San Francisco. Cal. HSSb
?'4" T?r(yr'*v" v Nrrr \nyk. V.» lion thi? P»p*r iwSai
BAJAV CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitter s
IB.: A -GREAT RKSTOKATIVE. OJVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. /
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«cl*l
Tonio for the Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Dl«eaaes of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. - Bella on Its own roartts.
' NABER, ALFS ft BRUNE, Asents,
123 Market at.. 8. F.— (Send for Circularm.>
|£jfj>£i9? INJECTION. |
i; A PERMANINT CURE I
' > . of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ? .
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to • c
: , 2 , days ; no other treatment required. ' \. ' $ '. '
< -: Sold by all druggists. " >
¦last year the sum of $27,923 50 was col
lected. Smith ascribes the increase of
$4859 to the fact that he has sent out the
younger deputies to make the collections.
? J n i 9 5 los £, d the h eat and also finished
the first series, as the bye dog. Mountain
y-. e TT& enn ?K-v eni -8- n and whIte Pointer
&£ h h^iS°T, by T Y( £? n f Jln so-Abdallah
Fan handled by J. E.. Lucas, had been
tried out during the afternoon by some
of. the club committee at the request of
£ h , e , Ju^e-. Judge Balmer announced the
following dogs would be taken into the
second series: Count's Mark, Peach Blos
som, Lady, Northern Huntress, Dr Dan
iels, Pearl's Jingle, Fan Go and Cuba Tr
J. M. Kilgarif and J. E. Perry mem:
bers of .the club, arrived by to-dav ; s train
and H W. Keller is expected t£morVoV
If* conditions are favorable the all-aea
stake will probably be finished to-morrow
evening. CW. HIBBARD -
Dogs in the Second Series.
These two pointers showed the most In
teresting race of the day, as both were
speedy, stylish and excellent in range,
Daniels having a little better speed. No
birds were found until the heat was al
most finished, when Dr. Daniels after
making a wide cast, was seen to drop
suddenly to point while running at full
speed. His trainer, who was some dis
tance away, hastened to him and on
reaching him Ashed a large bevy of
birds that were lying in the short grass.
Pearl's Jingle was close at hand, but un
fortunately was not near enough to locate
the birds, so was not credited with a
point.
seemed to tire easily. It was evident from
her performance that she was not well,
although she was anxious and willing.
The brace. went down at 1:30 and were or
dered up at 2 p. m:
A move was then made to the ! river
bottom, where the Derby was begun on
Monday. On arriving there Stockdale
Kennels' liver and white pointer bitch,
Nellie Wilson, by Plain Sam-Dollie Dee
II, handled by R. M. Dodge, and Moun
tain View Kennels' lemon and white
pointer dog. Alec C, by Glenbeigh-Saddle
Bag3, handled by J. E. Lucas, were cast
off at 2:50. After a short run in the open
they were taken to the willows alonff the
river bed, where a number of points were
made by each, and each scored flushes
also, as they seemed unable many times
to locate their birds in the heavy weeds
and brush along the banks. The brace
were called up at 3:40.
The next brace, the last of the day, was
W. W. Van Arsdale's lemon and white
pointer dog, Dr. Daniels, by Plain Sam-
Dollle Dee n, handled by Charles Bab
cock; and Clinton E. Worden's liver and
white pointer bitch. Pearl's Jingle, by
Young Jingo— Pearl's Dot II, -handled by
J. E. Lucas. They were cast off In an
open field. They were brought down to
the willows on the river bank and from
there taken across to the flat of the table
land. : : - - -•- .; . ... ...
..Tax "Collector 1 ; Smith -reports the collec
¦tlon of ' $32,782 50 in license . taxes f or . the
month ¦ of - January ; t up : to •" and Including
yesterday, r For,, the ' corresponding period
license Collections.
Another- -; carload v of v. Trunks, Valises,'
Dress-Suit : Cases,- Traveling ' Sets ) at V our
famous-: carloads prices. t All ¦ kinds v.i of
leather goods In' this department .lettered
In ¦: gold letters , free of i charge. Sanborn^
Vail'&Cov, 741 Market street. - . •
Trunks 'and Valises. 1
New Concert Hall Company.
Articles of incorporation . of the Palm
Concert Company were fileel -yesterday.
The directors of the new amusement en
terprise are Anthony Browne and Samuel
Loverich, each of whom subscribed $14,850,
and C. H. Hill, A. Morgenstern and Sam
uel "Lust, who subscribed $100 each. The
capital stock of the company is $30,000 and
It Is organized for the purpose of conduct-
Ing a restaurant, concert- hall; and tamale
-The Southern Pacific Company filed yes
terday .: with ' the Railroad Commissioners
the : annual « report ' of the 'Pacific system;
The - report ' Is ¦ signed by „ Julius Krutt
i schnitt and G. F. KHnk. . . It is declared
that, the receipts of the road .were $22,370,
466 24,i and l the /expenditures $29,760,752 30.
The loss and damage is put down. at $14,
125,635 22, and the ' amount _paid ; for injury
to passengers $203,838 49. - The expense of
clearing - wrecks was $153,937.37, and $183,
136 75 was spent In advertising.
Southern Pacific Report Filed.
' ..The Board; of Health* was presented yes
terday /¦ by ex-Mayor ¦ Phelan ¦ with gj the
bronze medal won I at the - Paris Exposi
tion for the best compilation of vital sta
tistics: work was " done by the • lato
William Griffin, former; statistician of the
board/ on the plan suggested*. by Dr.; Wil
liamson, president of the board,, and at
tracted attention all over Europe. '-£
Health v Board Gets Medal.
The recount of the "ballots' cast, at the
las* election brought about by contests
ijed by the defeated candidates for Su
pervisor resulted in a number of«changes
in - the official count yesterday. The
ballots counted in Judge Murasky's court
yesterday were -voted In the Tenth
Eleventh. Second and Fourth precincts
of the Forty-third District.. The result
of tnte day's count was- a loss of seven
teen votes to Supervisor-elect Alpers
who was elected by the smallest majority
DC any of the Supervisors, and a gain
tiy Contestant Walsh, who had the great
est number of votes of any of the de
feated candidate?, of seventeen votes
Walsh has gained twenty-nine votes
since the recount commenced, reducing
Alpers' lead to twenty-five votes.
Defeated Candidate Gains.
Ed H.f Hamilton; who is well' known
to ithe dreaders.' of .', a : morning .„ paper,
was sauntering homeward about 1 o'clock
yesterday morning and had reached Hyde
street .when the stern command "Throw
up your hands"-,, made i him pause. He
looked Into the muzzle of at revolver and
quickly complied. ;The man with the re
volver kept him' covered while his.com
panion went through < his pockets," taking
%% and his keys. :
: -Hamilton's keys were returned through
the post to the newspaper ; office yester
day, but. the robbers retained the money.
Footpads are no v respecters of /persons,
anfl- they would- Just as soon ; hold up a
manwho takes a. pleasure in writing, up
: the 'fact • that some innocent citizen" was
victimized as any, one else. ••• - •<
by. Post 1
Relieved of His Money and Keys, but
the I«atter Are Returned
N. S. Hand, secretary and chief handi
capper for the Metropolitan Horse Own
ers' Association of New York, has re
turned to Frisco after a successful East
ern season and opened an office at 113
Stockton for the purpose of supplying pub
lic; with legitimate handicap figures and
handling: commissions on California races*
JOUBNALIST HAMILTON ¦:
HELD TJP BY r FOOTPAISS
The business of the board has not been going
on to my likiroc. ¦ I am mot satisfied with the
manner i in which the business ; has been con
ducted. ¦ Things . are in such a state that, be
ing unable to mend them, I ¦will not take fur
ther ; responsibility. Every p one who knows me
looks to ' me to see that • justice will be • dona
them, I and I do not want to be responsible for
actions ' which I do not approve - and .. cannot
remedy. -k ;•. ¦ / : ..-'•¦
When the general policy, of t the board , met
with • my., approval I sustained it. When the
policy la euch that I cannot sustain! It. then
I- do not want to be held responsible for Ha
actions. , rr ; - ; - -¦-, . ¦ • . •
Although he :. determined some two
months ago to resign . from the j examin
ing body,. Mr. Searby did not take the
final - step • until jj three ¦ days ago. ¦ Last
evening- Searby said: ; '¦ -,
' W.- M. Searby, of 400 Sutter street, who
has been president of the Board of Phar
macy sine© its organization, has sent in
his ¦¦; resignation from the board to the
Governor. ! ' .'. . , .
cept Responsibility for That
; • : Body's Actions.
Kef uses to Remain President and Ac-
First race-T-Gawaine, Afghan, Marshal Neil.
Second race — Thaddeus, Orteo, Ml Reina.
Third race — Tower of Candles, Matt Hogan,
Sir Hampton.
Fourth race— Water-cure, Josie G, Ed^ardo.
Fifth race— The Pride, Vesuvian, Dean Swift.
Sixth race — Mllas, 'Wyoming, Com. Forster.
Selections for To-Day.
The Supervisors' Printing Committee
yesterday laid over for one week the re
quisition of Mayor Schmitz for a type
writer for use in his office. Secretary
Keane asked that the machine be pro
vided, out of the stationery fund.
Mayor "Wants a Typewriter.
His Good Reputation Saved TTl-m.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday dismissed the charge
against John McAdam of attempting to
pass a counterfeit dollar last Monday
week upon A. C. Klandianos. proprietor
of ' an oyster saloon at 126 Third street.
The defendant was represented by Bert
Schlesinger, who Introduced witnesses to
prove that McAdam was an honest
miner from Alaska, with a good reputa
tion for truth and Integrity.
President, J. H. Rosseter; first vice
president, Douglas Erskine; second vice
president, W. S. Hoffman; treasurer, S.
"VV. > Smith; secretary, Frank Cushing;
financial secretary, H. C. Klevesahl; ex
ecutive committee— J. H. Halton (chair
man),. Earl B. Scott, C.Chiarini, George
Graham and Dr. ; Christiansen. , .
The principal business of ' the meeting
was the discussion, of conditions regard
ing the Futurity, one of the : most im
portant - coursing stakes i decided on ! this
coast. It, will be held this year on Sep
tember 6 and 7, as has been the custom
in the past. Next year It .will be run on
the first Saturday and Sunday in Decem
ber. This will give the owners of grey
hounds in the country a . better chance
than they have under present. conditions,
when young dogs must be trained In Au-
B^' when the weather is invariably hot
-The conditions. for this year's stake call
for SlaOO added money. A committee con
sisting of E. B. Scott, C. Chiarini and J;
P. Dickson was appointed to confer with
the directors of the Union Coursing: Park
/as^to'how this amount will bo" made up.
The stake will be divided as usual; 40
per cent to the winner, 20 per cent to run
ner-up, and 6» per cent to the breeder of
the winner and tha runner up.
The annual . meeting . of the Interstate
Coursing Club was held last- night in
Pythian Castle. The election of officers
for; the ensuing year resulted as follows:
Fix Conditions for the
Coming Futurity
Stakes.
Legislation in Reference to Grazing
Lands Is Chief Subject 1M»
cossed.
The annual meeting of the Pacific
Stockmen's Association was held yester
day morning in parlor A of the Palace
Hotel. The most Important subject con
sidered was tha proposed legislation by
Congress providing for the leasing of un
occupied public, lands for grazing pur-
A bill was introduced in the House at
the present session, which, provides for
such leasing, subject to all rights of
homestead ana mineral entry. The bill
has been urged on Congress by the
American Cattle Growers 7 Association.
This bill was the chief matter brought
up for discussion yesterday.
PACIFIC ST0GK2O2T Ta ri rtx
IN ANNTTAL GQNTTENTIOH
COURSING MEN
ELECT OFFICERS
THE CALL'S RACIN G FORM CHART.
SANTA MARIA, Jan. 14.-The sec
ond day's meeting of the/Pacific
Coast Field Trials Club began this
nwrning under much more favor
able weather . conditions than.cn
the opening day. Heavy clouds obscured
the sun all day, and although but little
breeze was blowing the air was cool. An
early start was made and the grounds
were reached before 9 o'clock.
The first brace were the Stockdale ken
nels' lemon and white" English setter bitch
W. M. SEARBY RESIGNS
FROM BOARD OF PHARMACY
Stockdale Kennels' black and tan point
er dog, Cuba's Zep, by Cuba of Kenwood-
Jacquina. handled by R M. Dodge, and
¦J. E.* Terry's lemon and white English
setter bitch Lady, by Count Gladstone IV-
Peach Mark, handled by W..B. Coutts.
were : the . next ] pair, i and but little work
was done during the heat. Zep j did not
exhibit his usual speed nor 'dash and
hunted with a low head, as though faulty
Jn nose. Lady was not at her best. Al
though she started off with a splendid
burst of sr>eed. she soon slowed down and
Xiady.CTot in Her Best Form.
! The next brace were "W. "W. "Van Ars
dale's lemon and white English setter
bitch Shadow, by Count Gladstone IV-
Peach Mark, handled by Charles Babcock,
and Stockdale Kennels' liver and white
pointer dog Bow's Son, by Sam's Bow-
Countess V, handled by H. M. Dodgre.
Shadow is one of the smoothest moving
dogs in the State, covering grround with
apparent ease and is possessed of consid
erable style, but was unrortunate in lo
cating birds. Bow's Son, although much
slower, was more fortunate and succeeded
in finding three birds In a small clump of
sage, which he pointed In rather an un
certain fashion. He -was . exceedingly
careful in his work, but in spite of all
caution made rather a bad flush just be
fore being called to the wagons.
The next brace were Stockdale Kennels*
liver, and' white pointer bitch Jaccuba, by
Cuba of Kenwood-Jacquina. handled by
R. M. Dodge, and W. "W. Van Arsdale's
lemon and white English setter bitch
Peach Blossom, by Count Gladstone IV-
Peach Mark, handled by Charles Babcock.
They were cast off at 12:30 and almost im
mediately Blossom disaopeared in the
shrubbery. She was found on a stanch
bevy point by Judge Balmer. As the
horsemen rode up twenty-five . or thirty
birds were flushed, but Blossom remained
steady until her handler arrived. Blossom
was by all odds the highest-class dog in
the stake, showing wonderful speed and
range, and using Judgment in working her
ground. Jaccuba seemed a. little off in
nose and failed to locate when the oppor
tunity offered. Few birds were seen dur
ing the heat after the bevy was flushed,
although Blossom succeeded in snapping
up one single point in the short brush near
the. teams. !
Shadow a Smooth. Moving 1 Dog.
her work than the pointer. She was well
out most of the. time, and. as. the cover
was- high was out of sight for quite a
period/ When found she was on a- stanch
point. ' "When low cover was reached Cuba
made a splendid bevy find, which he held
stanchly. He afterward : made three sin
gles in rapid succession, while Huntress
seemed unable to locate the birds. The
dogs -were ordered up at 10:55.
Fifth race — Seven furlonrs; purse- three
year-olds and upward.
S118 Beau OrmondelO* 2953 May W . 102
3116 Bathos 107 3084 William F ...104
8078 Rasp 101 3120 Matin Bell... 89
3098 The Fretter..ll2 3115 Sly 102
3116 The Pride ...104 3129 Vesuvian ....112
3131 Harry TbtchrlOi 2999 Dean Swift... 94
' Sixth race — One mile; selling:; three-year-olds
end upward.
S13S Com. Forster. 08 1 30S9 McXamara 109
8117 Mission 103 (31O6)Kitty Kelly.. .111
<3113)Snowberry ... 87 (3135)CapUvate .. 102
3134 Wyoming 113 3007 Mllas 100
<31O2)M. Ik RthchldlOS] 8114 lehtnr ... 89
8099 Golflone 1121(3033) Decoy Ill
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth milee; the
H&yward handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward.
3129 "W&tercure ...120! 3116 Edgardo 95
3115 Josie G 10s]
Third race — Six furlonps; selling; four-year
olfls and upward.
£095 The Miller ...107 (2074)Pupil 107
3104 T. of Candlea.102 30S7 Cuban Girl 102
(S142)Cming Event.105 :«2» Rollick .. 104
SOS6 Matt Hogran.VlOTj 3121 St. Rica 104
3110 February 105' 3OC3 Sir Hampton. 110
Second race — Three and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds.
Mi Reina llfl]m08)Orfeo in
3079 Estrellada . ..liol C12fi)Thaddeus 110
._ Chiffonier ...1131 307S* Imp. Someno?113
"Tom" Healy, the well-known Eastern
trainer, was a visitor at the track yester
day. He says he is not out here on the
lookout jpr jockeys, but on a pleasure
trip onlyP
•'Boots'*. Durnell disposed of most of hi.s
etring of horses yesterday. Captain E.
W. Newth bought Racivo end ,'BilIv"
Randall took Dr. McNutt, a clever three
year-old,- at figures not stated. Ursula
and Lavator will henceforth race in the
colors of J. C. Xealon. Slap Dash, the
crackajack of the stable, is held at a
good price and may go to Green Morris.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
S132 Afghan 132 30C4 Gawaine 113
8130 Marshal Nejl.125 3142 Go Out 120
8C75 Nettie Clark. 122 2SM3 El Arte 117
2&4O Blnche Shprd.122 2903 Idalette Ill
3012 Triaditza 115 313© Onyx 117
Track Notes.
The stewards, after investigating the
running of Position, found nothing out of
the way and the incident is clowd. "Dell"
Fountain, the horse's owner, showed
where he bet $650 when the gelding was
beaten with Ransch up and S30-") on Satur
day last when Mounce landed first with
the son of Racine. From the way Ransch
Is riding any owner wcjld be justified In
betting $3000 with a change of riders for
the. better." However. Owner Fountain
was notified that his horses would have
to show more consistency in future or his
entries would be refused.
Suspended Teacher Whose Salary Was
Stopped by Mrs. Kincaid Peti
tions for Reimbursement.
The Board of Education decided at yes
terday's Council meetins to establish ad
ditional classes In a number of th«
schools. Superintendent of Schools Web
ster, who was present for the first tima
at an executive session of the board, rec
ommended that a new class be formed m
eoch of the following schools: The Agaa
siz Horace Mann. Hearst. . Girls' High
and Polytechnic High schools. The board
agreed to form classes In the Hearst and
Asaaaiz schools, but will decide to-day It
the other schools named by Webster are
to have new classes. _
Attorney Stephen Costello addressed tha
board regarding the stoppage of the'sal
arv of William Zimmerman, a teacher or
German In the Polytechnic High School,
who was suspended for alleged lncompe
tency. Costello stated that the resolution
suspending Zimmerman did not specify
his salary should cease. Mrs. Klncaid.
who was president of the board at tha
time, instructed the bookkeeper on her
own responsibility to make out no_mo|rts
demands for Zimmerman. Action will be
taken to-day on Costello's petition that
Zimmerman be restored to the salary roll.
Even If the board ratifies Mrs. Klncaid'*
action Zimmerman would b© entitled 'ta
salary during the Interim.
SCHOOL BOABD WILX TOBJ&.
TWO MORH NEW CLASSE3
There was nothing to the last race from
the etart but Coming Event, the 12 to 5
favorite. Mounce got the mare away first
and ehe was never headed. King Dellis
secured the place from Sir Lewis.
Winnie O'Connor, on Colonial Girl, the
favorite, took the selling purse for three
year-olds. Overhauling the outsider Kill
doe in the stretch the Eastern filly
downed Jarretierre* d'Or, the ' second
choice, by a couple of lengths. Rubino,
the third In demand, ran to form, captur
ing show honors.
One of the warmest favorite? of the
afternoon. Bragg, ran second to Pat Mor
rissey in the mile and orse hundred yards
run. The old gelding, with "Jess"
Matthews on his back and 7 to 1 in the
ring, picked up the running at ihe start
and lasted long enough to win from the
first choice by a head. Tyranus failed ta
stay, i he show falling to Picador.
A bad favorite was served up for the
opening mile selling run in Merops, which
werft to the post at 8 to a. Frank Weir's
gelding seemed to have no speed, finish
ing back with the tailenders. Mounce, on
the 12 to 1 shot Senator Matte, moved
aloccr frem fifth position and in a drive
led Mont Eagle out a neck. Plead, the
second choice, ran third.
This event wa» decided over the Fu
turity couree and with the wire almost
within reach Johnny Daly, astride the
rank outsider J. Boggs, a 90-pounder and
30 to 1 in the betting, dropped along, win-,
niug by a head. Constellator finished third
and the favorite. Headwater, fourth. The
latter behaved none too well at the post,
but finally broke with his company. When
called upon in the stretch, however, he
failed to respond as Is his wont. J. Boggs
is a broken-winded piece of equine hard
ware and to date a maiden, apparently In
capable of winning a cheap selling artair.
It is to be regretted that he was let in
light enough to beat horses entitled ts
more consideration. Kenllworth started
for the first time at the meeting and, dis
playing unmistakable signs of lameness,
came In last. • .
Favorites played in hard luck again.
winning but two purses. Senator Mattd
and Pat Morrissey were among the out
eiders to be decorated. Mounce piloted
two winners. i
W. L. Stanfield. tfce tall, mild-mannered
horseman from Texaj3. cut loose on© in
the three and a half furlong spin for two
year-olds quite as fast as Bell Reed.
This one happened to be Lizzie Rice, a
gTay filly by Captive from the gray ghost,
Leora, the "whisiled faced" daughter of
Prince of Norfolk. Hoar, on Hudson, the
favorite, was accommodating enough to
get practically left at the post. Played
for all kinds of money Lee Jackson broke
away first with Lizzie Rice, winning atl
the way. Venecia finished second, in front
of the Burns & Waterhouse entry, Ad
irondack.
Fifty, yes thirty 5'ards from the wire,
Frank Bell, the consistent running bay
horse, looked to have the Reliance Club
handicap up his sleeve yesterday at Oak
land track.
At the afternoon session speeches were
made by P. T. Powers, president of the
National Association, Secretary Farrell
and M. H. Sexton, chairman of the board
of arbitration, pledging the support of the
National Association to the "Western
League. The following magnates and ap
plicants were present: J. H. Manning.
Kansas City; Thomas H. Burns, Colorado
Springs; w. A. Rourke, Omaha; "W. T.
Van Brunt and B. C. McKibben. St. Jo
seph; W. P. Chase, representing Frank
Flynn of Des Moines; A. B. Beall, Min
neapolis; J. F.'Keilly, H.L. Little Pu
eblo; E>. C. Packard, Otto C. Floto and £.
G. Bonflls, Denver. Thomas Dowd, appli
cant for Milwaukee franchise, was repre
p T Powers, president of the National
Association of Minor Leagues, was pre
sented and addressed the meeting. Pre
vious to the meeting of the Western
League a conference, attended t>y IPresi
dent Powers and others from the National
Association and President Whitfleld, had
been held, at which it was decided the
National Association should remain
loyal to the Western League In its fight
with the American Association, giving the
Western • League financial aid, if neces
sary, and moral support at all times.
President Powers gave a history ox tha
progress made by his organization since
the New York meeting last October. Ha
took occasion to denounce Thomas J.
Hlckey former president of the Western
League", who. he said, had attended that
gathering and pledged his support to the
National Association. He said that since
then Hickey had proved himself a, traitor.
He ridiculed Hickey's statement that the
American Association should become a
member of the National Association _ oC
Major Leagues. Powers assure his hear
ers that players In his association would
he penalized, and that every manj!h»
fails to show up with his club atthe be
ginning of the season would be fined, ana
that no individual club would be per
mitted to reinstate him.
KAXSAS CITY, Jan. 14.— The Weste^a
League of Professional Baseball Clubs"
and the National Association, of Minor
Leagues met here to-day and transacted
business in the mutual interest of the two
organizations. The sensation of the day
was the .expulsion of A. B. Beall, Tvho
heM the Minneapolis franchise, from the
¦Western League. "Beall Is charged with
violating »he confidence of the league by
trading his park in Minneapolis to George.
Tebeau for a park the latter owned in
Denver. Other important business was
the awarding of the Denver franchise to
D. C. Packard and recommending Thomas
Dowd's application for the Milwaukee
franchise.
A. B. Beall . of Minneapolis
Is Expelled for
Cause.
Pat Morrissey Takes a Race.
Colonial .Girl , Wins
Ridden Out
Lizzie Rice Breezes in
Before Some Fast
Youngsters.
Middle West Leagues
Are Represented at
Meeting.
BASEBALL MEN
IN CONFERENCE
SPORTING DOGS AT ANNUAL FIELD TRIALS
WORK UNDER MORE FAVORABLE CONDITIONS
DALY IS FIRST
WITH J. BOGGS
THE SAN FEANCJSCO CALL,: WEDNESDAY, Y 15, 1902.
JOSEPH E. TERRY'S ENGLISH SETTER "LADY," BY COUNT GLAbSTONE IV-PEACH MARK, AT SANTA MARIA.
. . ("Lady," which won yesterday, is shown in a characteristic attitude in the picture to the right, making a "bevy point." Her companion i3 'Tiacklng.")
Stockdale kennels', liver and* white point
er Aog Cuba Str., by Cuba of Kenwood-
Florida, handled by R, M. Dodge, and T.
J, A. Tiedemann's black, white -and tan
English setter bitch Northern Huntress,
by Joe Cumming-Mecca II, handled by W.
B. Coutts, were next cast off. In this
case -Huntress had -all the best of -the
range and speed' and kept "better out. at
much slower,, anddid not show to .good
advantage ¦ in ',- comparison with .the. dog.
They were put down at 9:15 and ordered
up ? at 10:04. i^r-:\ -.-¦- • :< '^'. : :.'....\.
Peach ' Mark. II,' by Count 'Gladstone , IV-
Peach Mark, handled -by -R. M. Dodge,
and W. W. Van Arsdale'B black, white
and tan English setter dog- Count's Mark,
by « Count Gladstone IV-Peach Mark,
handled by. Charles Babcock. - Count's
Mark is a handsome, dashing and stylish
dog and a great bevy finder, as was shown
by his work of the first few minutes,
when he made a splendid bevy point and
held It stanchly until the birds flushed.
Peach Mark , II, although willing 1 , was
OAKLAND EACETEACK— Tuesday, Jan. 14.— Weather fine. Track fast
3137. FIRST RACE — One mile; selling; three- year- olda and up;-to first, $325. •
I ., ~~~ r - Betting. .
Index [Horse. Ase. Weight. St. *&. *£. 8tr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3119 'senator Matts. 6..110 1 51 41 2**£ 1 n H. L.. Haskell... Mounce 10 : l2 •-
3089 JMont Eagle, 5... 113 2 31 6 1 4h 26 C. P. Fink.....Bullman ; 8 10 !
:'.1O5 Plead, 4 104 G 7 3 0 Vi 6 1 3 n ¦ J. Rothert Ransch 5-2 7-2
3105 Invictus, 4 100 7 6 h ,7 h - 5 h 45 James Wilson... McGinn 8 10
30X4 IMallakwa. . 6 104 6 • 2 2 2 1 - 3 *£ 5 \i D. Cameron Jackson 15 .30
3053 JGIbraltar a 114 3 13 14 1 h 6 1 H. J. Jones E. Jones 8 20 :
3032 Merops, « Ill 8 8 8 8 75 F. D. Weir :...Hoar 8-5 8-5
3105 [Xellle Forest, 4.. 107 * 4 *£ 3 1^ 7 1 8 Magrane & Co.T. Burns 5 - 8 *
Time— l i, :25; >£, :49; %, 1:15»4: mile, -1:41%. Good start. Won first three , driving. .
Winner, H. L.'Haskell's ch. g. by Tammany- Buttermere. Good handling landed the Sen-
ator. Mont Eagle would have won in a few strides more. Plead poorly, ridden..; Mai- j
lakwa will do soon in a sprint. Gibraltar sulked in the stretch. Merops ran like, a for
eigner. Scratched — Einstein 111. Darlene 104, First Shot 111,' Kastaine 104. Fridolin 09.
31 3S. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
. . . ___ _ _ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. ¥%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3120) Colonial Girl 109 1 2h 3 2 11-12 W. M. Rogers. O'Connor 8-5 8-5
<:!09C) Jarretiere d*Or ..110 6 tt »£ 4b.4 1, 2« J. P. Atkin ..Mounce 8-5 16-5
<3114),Rubus :.....1O5 8 ' 7 3 5 5 5 5 32 Chinn & Fors*the..Hoar 8 9-2
211G Killdoe 105 2 .1.5 13 3 1, 4 1 Burns •& ¦Waterhs.Ransh > 8 .25
.1103 Jacqueminot .....103 3' 5 h 2 h 2 h 5 2 Jennings & Co. .Jackson - 6 7
3122 Com. Porstrt- 112 4 8 S 8 2; 6 8 J, W. Schorr. .J. Woods 7 "0
3080 Louwelsea 107 5 3h 7 3 73, 76 G. W. Baldwin. T. Burns :* 6 .10
30S5 Torso Maid ..103 7 4h 6 5 8 . 8 J. Weber ....Henderson .40 .100
Time— M. :24V4: >4, :48%: %. 1:13%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner, W. II. Rogers' b. t. by Meddler-Springtide. Winner best. ¦ Rubus away poorly.
Killdoe a trifle short. Jacqueminot outclassed. Forster ran a "splendid"- race. Lou
welsea cut off on back stretch. Scratched — Dr. Scharft 110, Moabina 103, Mythrox . 103,
Constable 105.
3139. THIRD RACE-^Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; to first, $325.
. Betting. •
Index Horse and Weight. St. M. %. Str. .. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. ¦ CL ."
• Lizzie Rice 105 3 14 15 W. L. Stanfleld. . Jackson 8-5 *~3
3126 Venecia 06 2' ... ... 31'24 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom .' 6 9
Adirondack 103 5 5^.31 Burns & Waterhs.Ransh 6 - 5
3109 ]Tom Mitchell 97 1 2 %. 4 h G. P. McNeil.... McGinn 15 15
3126 Past Master 102 6 41 52 Chinn & Forsythe.Faunt '. 20 ' "30 . '¦
3091 Montezuma 110 7 .... ... .61.62 Long & Capps... Mounce 3 C '
3126 Clarinette »7 4 ... ... " 7 J£ 7 3 Burllngme K..I*.A.Jcksn 15 ' 20
3126 Hudson 100 9 ... ... 8 5. 8 10 B. Schrelber. . . . . . .Hoar 2 2
...; Annie F 103 8 ... ... 9 9 James Flannery.. J.Daly . 10 30
Time— 14. :23%; 3%'. '¦*"¦ Good start.' Won easily. - Second and third driving. Winner, w.'
L. Btanfield's gr. f. by Captive-Leora. Lizzie first away and a fast one. Venecia ran to
form. Montezuma has had his- day, apparently. Hudson or -Hoar, either one, 'left at the '
_^^ j-_ _^ .,_"".'-. •_ ,-, - _, _,.-, -,-,„,-, -. -V.l,,-. --;^_V^V^-,.-.I',_-'"''' :r " ' . r ' ;•
314O« FOURTH RACE — Futurity course; Reliance Club Hdcp; 8-year-olds up; to first, $400.
— - .-,,-... - r ~ ~ \ . Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. , Op. Cl.
3123 J. Boggs; 5:...'.*. 80 7 3 h 1 - 6 h 3 n{ 1 h ; J. S. Gibson.... .J. Daly ' 20 \30
8019 Frank Bell, C 110 2 1 h ' 23 1 n. 2 n O'Neal & Co... .Mounce " 5 A 0 -
<3093) Constellator, 6.. ..112 B-53 3 2 * n 31 T..H. Byan...'.J. Woods - .4 . ¦ 7 ¦
3083 Headwater, 6. 115 « 4h 41 51*4*4 Jones '& Co.:.. O'Connor 2 9-5
3104 Slater Jeanie, 3.. 03 3 22 lh21Bl Jennings & Qo.. Ransch 5-2 S;
3128 Rey Dare, 4 ..94 1 7 6 1. 62' 6 1 CO. White.... Jackson 15 10
<2294) Kenllworth, 4. ...118 4 6 1-7 - 7 7 W.' H. Ketcheman..Burna -' 6 , 12
Time— To »i. :21; to %.:44%; last %. 1:00; short ?i, 1:10. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, J. S. Gibson's b. g. by Friar Tuck- Czarina.- . Won by a grand racehorse^ — ~"
one -with broken wind and a maiden. Bell did his best as usual. Woods rode Constellator.
Headwater lacked speed when it was needed. Sister ."Jeanie quit. Rey Dare cut. of! at •¦
stretch turn. Kenllworth lame. ' . , . • , . . ¦
3141.. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards; Belling; three-year-olds andup; > to first, $325. ;
J ¦ ' ¦ •* f~ ~~-- ~~ ~, " ' - -, ; ¦ . BettInRr~ ' '
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. .%. Str.t .Fin. • Owner and Jockey..,: Op. . Cl. :
K106 Pat MorrUsey, a. .109 1.14 1 2 1 2 ; 1 n Dr. Howell.... Matthews 5 "^7
3124 Bragg, 3..V. 96 3 2 1 2 n 2 3 ; 2 10 ' Curl & Co... Ransch '7-5 13-10'
3134 Picador. 4 Ill 8.8 « 2 . 4 1 ; 3 n T.- H. .Stevens... Troxler - 10 - 10 :
3120 Tyranus, 3 .' 94 2 3 4 t 3 5 3 1* 4 1! Summers & Co. .Jackson 2 12-5
.3127 Rushflelfls. a 109 6 Cn 41 .51: 5 2 C. O. Ray ..McGinn 8 \ l 15
.3117 Sylvan Lass -6... 100 ,6 7.% 7 2* « 3,- 6 1 John Kane'... Prior 8 "."15
310«J Castake. a Ill 4-41 5 1 , ; 7 8 . 7 15 O. W. BoeseckcRomero ]0 20'
: 257» Melkarth. a....;.108 r 7. • 0 2 8 •> 8: - .8 M. Qulnn ......Ransom ¦ 60 : 100 ¦
Time— Yt. :24; J ,4, :48%; %, 1:14; mile, 1 :40% ; ' lm 100yds, 1 :46%. Good start. > Won first
three driving. Winner, Dr. H. E. ; Rowell'B b.g. by Lord alfden-Tennie'B.- Morrissey just
lasted. Picador away poorly. .Too f ar . f or • Tyranus. Scratched— Katherine Ennis • 102 '
Crinkle 107. . . - , : .. _ . ... .-••. - . : _. . *
:tl4U. SIXTH ItACE — Seven furlongs; gelling; three- year-olds and up; to flrst,' : $325. 1 ,,. -i,
| Indes Horse. Age. Weight St. 'U. %. Str.' gin. J Ownerana Jockey. ¦ '^fjSi
vJii ?f^ UaJ *'rimyVift? k 2 2 I t : '5 °> 5 10^ 3T> - Fltzgerald..McGlnn : :30 , 50 ¦
.'.122 Autumn Time. 3..101 5 4 h ¦ 5 h G lV G 6 Stemler & Co. .Hoar 5 « *
;•;}" ™*}£-h Hi? S 2$ .--IP 5« I? ¦ J.8.C^nt P ben.:6 ; Conn^- 6 : 12
iilt S^nSJi.u*k" < "-*}?i 0---2 ''o 1 % • 8 10 • Jennln^ & Co.. .Ransch V 8 ;, '8
si?» ro <y£ R ' ' * "122 Lft 8 9 i 8 PJedmont Stable.. Spencr ,10 ¦ :i 8
.m» Go Out. 5 122 Left.. ......; ... j. Burrows .....Howell <¦ 40 V 100 .',
, Tlme 3r % ,' i 2 i : 8^;^', 1 ; 15 :^. 1:27%. Bad Btart: Won first three driving. - Winner.
:. C. Earl & .Co.' * b. jn. by v Calvados- Katrlnka. t Oomlng Event away -well Kln»- DeULsMlid "
' his- best. Autumn- Time -lacked spe-edMn'thls- garnet El Mid(Tcodldn't^^get ud '•
J ni» almost left. Scratched— Mldnirht Chimes 117. Host or Hilo 117 ' - -
4
1 Wherever smart people turn out!
I on this coast we are recognized asi
I the only firm that can supply dis-1
I tinctively smart turnouts — coaches, I
I drags; traps, surreysrrunabouts, etc. 1
I O'Brien Sc^qn^sI
¦ . *¦__ . -..* ..« .¦*——¦ -~~ — ¦TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon j and Tide.
United States Coast and • : Geodetic Survey-
Times ¦ and . Heights of ' High ¦ . and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to " San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent, i; ' . ¦¦ V
¦ ' NOTK-rThe ' high and low waters " occur •' at
the -city , front , (Mission-street wharf) I about
twenty-flve minutes later -than: at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the, same at both places.
- NOTE^-In the above exposition of "the tldea
the -early^ morning tides are given*. in* the left
. The British ship .Celeste Burrill,: which
arrived in' Hongkong last ifallin a dis
abled condition, has been sold to a Manila
firm. When : repaired She will be placed
under the American' flag.
The fishing schooner Mary and Ida ar
rived yeserday after a ' ¦ long trip from
Unga. Her nshlng.was not a big sucftess,
but she called In at Port Ludlow and filled
up with lumber. vShe was thirty-nine days
from Unga, twenty-three days from Port
Ludlow and sixteen > days, from Clallam
Bay. . . " . ¦¦¦. ¦ ¦ ' . -': . _:\
A dispatch received yesterday from Lon
don reports the arrival at Melbourne of
the' schooner Louis. iShe put into New
castle a few days ago and waa towed^to
the former port. ,. * ,' '
- The steam " collier , Pleiades arrived in
port yesterday from, Ladysmith with 5000
tons of coal. . , V-V-S
The Kosmos line, steamer Denderah will
sail this morning for Victoria to finish dis
charging her cargo. The steamer Heredot
of the same line, due to-day, will take on
cargo for Hamburg -at Fremont-street
wharf. -. . •. vi ¦-'• . .
E. Hermanson, carpenter on the bark
Gatherer, yesterday fell down the vessel's
hold and fractured his left hip. , He was
treated at the Harbor Hospital and later
removed to the Marine Hospital, where he
will remain until recovered. >
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Blackbraes, on . which
15 pec cent reinsurance has been paid, ar
rived yesterday in Astoria. She was out
130 days from Table Bay.
Overdue Ship Arrives.
The barkentine Joseph L. Eviston,
which . arrived in Eureka . January 7,, has
broken . a good many records for rapid
moving. She left Eureka July 29, arrived
in Melbourne in fifty-four days, dis
charged her lumber and loaded 700 tons of
freight for Newcastle. She reached the
latter port in four days; discharged and
loaded coal for. Honolulu,- where she ar
rived forty-two days after , sailing from
Newcastle. She came from' Honolulu to
Eureka and arrived there just 162 days
from the date of her departure for the
Antipodes. .
The Joseph L. Eviston's Busy Months
The bark R. P. Rlthet arrived yesterday
twenty-one and a half days from Hono
lulu. She brought a full cargo of sugar
and three passengers. Captain Macphail
reports a very rough | trip. At the outset
of the voyage an; east southeast storm
was encountered. The storm was accom
panied by continuous rain and the seas
were something terrific. The decks were
flooded constantly. The passengers were
John W. Flske, Jean Metraz and Charles
Gage. ... . .
R. P. Rithet Has a Bough Voyage.
Sergeant of Police Tom Mahoney arid
several of the harbor police squad were
kept busy yesterday trying \o protect dis
charged soldiers from the Insinuating
wiles of an army of men with things to
sell. Every trip of the General McDowell
from Ansel Island brought large numbers
of discharged men. Their pockety were
well lined and their arrival attracted the
attention of peddlers and other commer
cially Inclined gentlemen. Sergeant Ma
honey and his men did their best to get
the soldier ear first and whenever their
advice was taken the commercial men
found their occupation gone.
Police Protect Discharged Soldiers.
Schwab Sends His Denial.
XEW YORK, Jan. 14.-The following
cable dl?patch from Charles M. Schwab,
president of the United States Steel Cor
poration, is self-explanatory:
NICE. Jan. 14— To the Associated Press,
>Tew York: I have to-day learned of the sen
sational statements regarding gambling at
Monte Carlo. I have been on an automoblling
trip through the south of Franc with a party
of friends. I did vitit the casino at Monte
Carlo, but the statements of sensational gam
bling are false.
LONDON. Jan. 14. — Lord Francis Hope, who
was recently accidentally shot while hunting,
and whose foot was subsequently amputated,
has' be<>n in a serious condition for a week
past. He is suffering from high fever.
MANILA— Arrived. Jan 11— U S stmr Han
cock, hence Dec 16. • ",.
COLON— Arrived Jan 12— Nor stmr Helga.
from Norfolk. * : - . • \
ISLE OF- WIGHT— Paused Jan 1S— Br stmr
Cycle, hence Oct 22. for London.
HAMBURG^-Arrived Jan 11 — Danish bark,
Slxtus, from Chemalnus. .--•¦-• ' .
Sailetf Jan 9— Br ship Crown of Denmark,
for. Santa Rosalia.
HONGKONG— Sailed ' Dec 25— Nor stmr
Thyra. for San Diego.
HUASCO— Sailed Dec 12— Br bark Bank
leisrh, for Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jan VI— Br bark
Brunei, for Oregon.
' LONDON— Arrived Jan 13— Br utrnr Tang;
tse, from Tacoma. Jan 14 — Br stmr Cycle,
hence Oct 22. ¦
SWANSEA— Sailed Jan 11— Fr bark Jac
ques, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jan 12 — Br shlp
-Hilston.. from Oregon. Jan 13 — Br ship Pol
talloch. from Astoria. - '
TABLE BAY— Sailed Nov 29— Br ship
Crompton,- for Newcastle, Aus, and San Fran
cisco. •
In pert. Nov. '27 — Br ship Snrlngburn, for
TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 14.— In his annual
message to the Legislature Governor Voorheea
Jays stress upon the urgent need of legislative
action looking to the preservation of the for
ests.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three Udee, as
sometime3 occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign' precedes the height, and then the numbei
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. ¦ Thp plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters. .
Time. Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. ; S. N., Mer
¦ .'Chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal.,
January 14. 1902. - ' .
The Time Ball on the tower of th* Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
W e..' at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
V W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, In Charge.
Shipping J Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
' . • Tuesday, January 14.
Stmr • Arctic, Erickson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, 4 days from Lady
smith.
Stmr Aztec. Trask, 08 hours from Tacoma.
Ital shlD Cavaliere Ciampa, Maresca, 131
days from Swansea.
Bark R.P Rlthet, McPhail, 2VA days from
Honolulu.
Schr. Jessie Minor, Whitney, 4 days from
Eureka. ¦ , *. t - .
- Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 12 days from Coos
Bay. '
Schr Mary and Ida, Soderholm, 39 days from
Unga, via Port Ludlow 23 days, via Clallam
16 days. ' - »
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgenson, 13 days
from G^ays Harbor. \ ' • •
CLEARED.
. • Tuesday, January 14.
Stmr State of California, Swanson, San
Diezo; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Denderah. Von Rlegen, Nanalmo;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co. . -
< Nor stmr Titanla. Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rcsmfeld's . Sons Co.
- Bark Mauna Ala, - Smith, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. •
«_ Bktn Planter, Chase, Honolulu; Williams,
fDhnond & Co.
- . SAILED.^.
r , ... ¦ Tuesday, January 14.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr 'Coos Bay. Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr • Eureka. Jessen. Eureka. I •. ¦" .
Stmr Cella, Adler, Russian Landing.-
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Bktn Planter, Chase, Honolulu.
Stmr- Argo, Hughes, Coqullle River, t
Stmr . Navarro. Olsen. Caspar.
Wlnkel. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia,
Ncr stmr ¦ Titanla. Egeneo, Nanalmo.
Br ? bark Inveramsay, Cromble, Queenstown
- • SPOKEN.
Per f Cavaliers Clampa — Nov 15, off Cape
Horn. Br bark Inverlocny, from Swansea,- for
San • Francisco.
Dec S, lat. 47, S, Ion 64 W — Br ship Cawdor.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Dec a,, lat 48 S, Ion 64 W— Br ship Montgom
eryshire. . from Swansea, lor San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON,": Jan 14—^Schr Louis,*: previously
reported having put into Newcastle, Aus, leak
ing, arrived at Melbourne, having been towed
from Newcastle. - - ' . ..
TELEGRAPHIC.
Pen' bark R P ' Rlthet. from Honolulu, Jan
14 — Sailed Dec 23.^ Had strong E and SE
winds, with tremendous seas and: heavy con
tinuous rain to lat N.. Ion 160, W. . Decks
Hooded constantly. .. Hence light S- to. W winds
and heavy | N W swell to within 400 miles . of
port; thence had moderate N to E winds and
nne clear, weather. ¦ .. . : - : ;
POINT >• LOBOS, . Jan 14,' 10 _p m — Weather
cloudy; wind- calm. ' '• •-'-"' ¦""' -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE^ — Sailed Jan 7 13— Stmr Farallon,
for Skasway. -
Arrived Jan 13— Stmr City of Puebla, hence
Jan; ii.: » •- ¦ ' ;-. r*Z\i
Sailed Jan 14 — Stftir Umatllla, ; for. San Fran
cisco; Jap stmr Kaga Maru, for Hongkong.
FORT: BRAGG— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan ¦ 13. ' ¦ ¦" ' v " , '
PORT TOAVNSEND-^-Salled Jan 13— Bktn
Lahalna,: for Port Natal. •"- •, "¦ ' .
BALLARD— Sailed Jan" 14 — Schr A M Bax
ter. • for ' San Bedro. ' ' ¦ '¦ ¦¦
. TACOMA— Arrived Jan ¦ 14— Stmr Chlco.
from Albernl. I ¦
Arrived • Jan . 13 — Ger ship Nlcarla, . from
Hamburg;! schr Luzon, from Honolulu..
Sailed .Jan ¦: 13 — Br.- ship Glenericht. for
Queenstown; bark Levl G Burgess, for San
Francisco. ¦ * - ¦ .-..-• ; ; ¦
EASTERN PORT,
PORTLAND— Sailed Jan 14 — Ship ¦ Bardowle,
for CJueenstown;-. bark La Rochefaucald, for
Queenstown; i ' ' : ¦¦. ", - •
EUREKA — Sailed Jan 14 — Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco: Br bark CoIHnKrove, for Syd
ney." :.-.:' •" , - ,' • '¦'-'¦ ¦¦• I. -¦ -¦¦¦_•".: »'*
' NEAH BAY — Passed out - Jan ¦ 14— -Bark Levl
G : BurKess, for « San Francisco; schr ¦ Admiral
and schr. A' M ; Baxter, for. San Pedro; Br ship
Glenericht, ¦ for "Queenstown. \- . s. V ..- .'
SAN • PEDRO— Arrived , Jan 14 — Stmr Alca
zar,-from- -;'schr Beulah and Zampa, from
Umpqua: stmr Pasadena, from Eureka. ' '
¦¦ASTORIA — Arrived • Jan • 14— r Stmr Ruth,'
hence Jan 10.- /¦ ' - ; : ' •. ¦-- —¦ ,
. Sailed r Jan ' 14— Schr "Winchester, for .Apia ;
nchr John A," for San Fr_ancisco;. Ger bark
Seestern : and Br shlp^Torridon, for ' Queens
¦ GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan lS-^-Schr
Chas.R Wilson, -for San Francisco; stmr New
bur", for " San . Francisco.* -¦ ; : ¦'. -. .
- • SAN DIEGO — Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Santa
Rosa; and ; sailed for San s Francisco. -
NORFOLK, Va— Sailed Jan 13-^TJ S stmr
Caesar," for. Manila.' .' ;.-¦•;. .' t :.,*; ,
.' ST. : LUCIA— Arrived Jan ,13— Stmr Oregon
ian. T from New -York, for^ San, Francisco. S. ¦ v
FOREIGN PORTS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The British ships Blackbraes and St. Mirren
are chartered prior to arrival' for. wheat at Port
land for Europe, at 33s Od and 32s od . re
spectively. •• : '.. ¦ • ;
The British ship Afghanistan will load wheat
or barley, here for Europe, 28s 9d; the French
bark Charles Gounod, wheat at Portland for
Europe, 28s Od. ¦ The British bark Pharos is
chartered for wheat at this port for Europe
(owner's account), to be loaded by J. J. Moore
& Co. .'.'¦. f-.:. -. . i %i «£<ftfci U£ -.0- -.t-
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners 'and
"When will- we reach Fiji? Now that
all depends on how fast we travel." Skip
per and chief officer then turned mourn
ful countenances at the forest of scant
ling that is transforming their tight little
tramp into a' spectacle which, if discov
ered on Ararat, would a*, aken surprise
only on account of Its remarkable preser
vation.
formed the British tramp steamer
Willowdene, now lying at sectfon 2 of tue
seawall: The Willowdene is not a gracer
ful craft In her ordinary tramping paint.
She has been chartered by an Australian
firm to carry mules between this port and
Fiji, and in the efforts to provide state
rooms for 700 beasts of burden the long,
low, rakish tramp has been transformed
into something between a Noah's ark and
a three-story floating hay barn. The ves
sel will be ready for sea In a few days
and is expected to sail inside of two
weeks. The mules, of which she will take
700, are for use on the sugar plantations,
and if this shipment goes through suc
cessfully it will be repeated until Fiji is
stocked with all the mules there Is work
for. The Willowdene is a craft. of 2726
tons burden. Her skipper, Captain San
dal, is not looking forward to making a
very rapid trip with his ocean barn.
IT is many days since there was seen
along the water front a 'more curious
. craft than that into which the ne
'cessities .of her service have trans-
WILLOWDENE WILL CARY MULES
FOR SUGAR PLANTATIONS IN FIJI
ST JOHNS, N F — Arrived Jan 14 — Stmr
Buenos Ayrean. from Glasgow and Liverpool,
for Halifax and Philadelphia.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Kin
tuck, from Glasgow, via Singapore, etc. for
Seattle.
• PLYMOUTH — Arrived Jan 13 — Stmr Royal
ist, from San Francisco, via Valoaraiso, etc.
for Hull, for coal, and proceeded.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded.
PORT SAID— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Kaiser.
from Liverpool, for Tacoma and Seattle, vt*
Japan, etc.
Newcastle, Au3, and San Francisco.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 14— Stair Austorl*.
for Glasgow; stmr Mongolian, for Glasgow.
Senator Hansbrough presented an
cmencment to the Philippine tariff bill
to-day admitting free of duty hemp
prown in the Philippines and relieving it
from the export duty charg-ed in the Phil
ippines when shipped to the United
States.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— The Republi
can members of the Philippine Committee
have not arrived at any definite agree
ment to amend the Philippine tariff bill.
It is given out as altogether probable that
the rate of duty on Philippine products
coming to this country will be 75 per cent
of the Dingley rates, with a reduction on
goods upon which an export tax Is charg
ed in the Philippines equal to such tax.
Some Republicans are still doubtful about
accepting the proposition, but it is said
the majority favor it.
"With a Bill That Fixes the
Duties.
Lawmakers in Congress Now Busy
PHH.IPPHTE TAE.IFF
MAY CAUSE TEOITBLE
DES MOINES, Iowa, Jan. 14.— Senator 1
William B. Allison was nominated bv the
Republican Senatorial caucus this even-
Ing for the position of United States
Senator for the sixth consecutive term,
and Senator Jonathan P. Dolliver was
nominated to succeed himself at the ex
piration of his appointed term. The vote
of the caucus was unanimous in both
places. The election will take place , on
January 21.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 14.— James B.
McCreary was formally elected Senator
by the two houses of the Legislature to
day in separate session. The vote will
be ratified in joint session to-morrow.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 14.-The House
and Senate of the Ohio Legislature bal
loted separately to-day for United States
Senator. • Senator Joseph B. Foraker,
caucus nominee of the Republicans. . re
ceived 21 votes In the Senate to 11 for
Charles TV. Baker of Cincinnati, Demo
cratic nominee. In the House Senator
Foraker received 66 votes to 42 for Ba
ker. The two branches will meet in
joint session on "Wednesday and formally
elect Senator Foraker.
AXXAPOL.IS. Md., Jan. 14.— Former
United States Senator Arthur Pue Gor
man was to-day re-elected to occupy the
place In the Senate which he lost in the
general election four years ago and re
gained in November last. He received
every Democratic vote In the Legislative
Assembly. Congressman William H.
Jackson was the Republican nominee.
Maryland Man Wins His Fight and
Fcraker Is Successful in
Ohio.
TOGA OF A SENATOB
IS QTVEN TO GORMAN
...bout marine explosives. He knew the
batteries that controlled the mines. Braga
says he touched "the button that sent the
Maine to the bottom of the harbor and
then made his escape to this country. His
story is being investigated.
mlliar with the harbor and knew all
CHADRON, Xebr., Jan. It.— Information
from Pine Ridge Agency reaching Chad
ron to-day casts some light on the de
struction of the battleship Maine, if the
story be true. A Spaniard on a ranch,
in a drunken moment, confessed that he
blew up the battleship, hoping to create
war between the United States and Spain,
thereby throwing Weyler out of office, the
Spaniard thus getting revenge for a per
sonal grievance against the captain gen
€ral
Shortly after the battleship Maine was
destroyed in Havana harbor a well-edu
cated Spaniard arrived at the large stook
ranch in Sioux County owned by Bod
Yago. He told Tago he had been in Cuba
about the time the Maine was destroyed.
Beyond that he would discuss matters
only when in a reminiscent mood, brought
on by intoxicants. While in this condi
tion a few days ago he told Yago he was
Manuel de Silvia Braga and was a cap
tain in the Spanish army during Weyler 1 s
campaign. He conceived the idea, that the
thing to do was in some way to cause
war between American and Spain in or
der to be avenged on Weyler. He was
EseclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Strange Story That Comes From 'the
Pine Ridge Agency •
Is to Be Investi- .
gated.
Declares He Brought on the
War to Get Revenge on
General Weyler.
After the Cabinet meeting it was an
nounced that Judge Nathaniel Shipman,
United States Circuit Judge for the Sec
ond District, comprising Vermont, -New
York and Connecticut, had resigned owing
to failing health, and that William K.
Townsend of New- Haven had been- ap
pointed to the vacancy, to take effect
March 22.
The approaching visit of Prince Henry
of Prussia to attend the launching of the
Kaiser's yacht, now building "In New,
York, also was considered. No definite
plans for the Prince's entertainment as
yet have been arranged, but it is the
purpose of the President and the Secre
tary of State to receive and entertain the
Prince in. a way to do the highest honor
to the Kaiser and to the German people.
Several notable functions are certain to
be arranged. Including a state dinner at
the White House. Nothing wilL be left
undone to make the Prince's first visit to
the United States a memorable one.
There are to be three secretaries, as fol
low: J. P. Morgan Jr., son of J. Pierpont
Morgan, of New York; Edmund Lincoln
Baylies, a lawyer of New York, and -Wil
liam Wetmore, son of Senator. Wetmore
of Rhode Island. .'•
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— The Cabinet
meeting to-day was devoted largely to the
consideration of the subject of representa
tives of this country at the coronation of
.King Edward VII. At the. conclusion the
following designations were anndunced by
the Secretary of State: Special Embassa
dor. Whitelaw Reid of New York; repre
sentative of the United Statesj army. Gen
eral James H. Wilson of Delaware; rep
resentative of the .United States- navy.
Captain Charles E. Clark, commander of
the battleship Oregon during the Spanishi
American war and now ' governor of the
SCaVal Home at Philadelphia.
President Will Receive Prince
Henry of Prussia With
Honors. •
Boasts of the Deed While
in a Condition of,.
Drunkenness. : v
American Representa
tive at the Coronation
Is Selected.
SPANIARD
SAYS HE BLEW
UP MAINE
REID WILL BE
THE EMBASSADOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, :WEDyE8jD^Y v JA 15, ;1«P2.
5
Steamer.
From.
Dut.
Mandalay . . . .
Herodot ......
J. S. Klmball
Nome City. . .
Pomona......
O. W. Elder. .
Bonlfa '.
Alliance
Edith........
San Pedro. . . .
Santa Rosa. .
Pt. Arena....
Umatnia.....
New burg. ....
Arcata
Eureka ......
Mackinaw . . .
Santa Barb..
H. K. Maru..
Lakme V.
Chehalis.....
Czarina.... .
Coos Bay
State of Cal..
W. H. Kruger
Columbia. . . .
Coronado. . . .
Crescent City
Rival
Argyll.......
Alameda
City Puebla. .
North Fork..
Santa Ana...
Tucapel.
Coqullle River Jan. 15
Seattle Jan. 15
Seattle & Tacoma ....Jan. 15
San Pedro Jan. 15
Huniboldt ....'.... Jan. 15
Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 15
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Portland &.\Vay Ports. Jan. 10
Seattle ; Jan. 16
Humboldt Jan. 16
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Point Arena Jan. 18
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 'IT
Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Coon Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Humboldt Jan 17
Tacoma Jan. 18
Grays Harbor Jan. 18
China & Japan Jan. 18
Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 18
Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Seattle & Tacoma Jan.' la
Newport & "Way Ports. Jan. 19
San Diego & "Way Ports Jan . 19
San Pedro........ Jan. 20
Portland & Astoria Jan. 20
San Pedro j an . 20
Crescent City j an . 20
Wlllapa Harbor- Jan 21
New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Honolulu : j an . 22
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
Humboldt j an . 22
Seattle & Tacoma Jan.' 23
Valparaiso & Way Ports Jan. 25
Steamer.
Destination. 1 Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
I Sails.
Strathgyle.
State Cat..
' Jannary 15. I . |
China & Japan ]12 m|Pler27
San Diego & Way... tfaitfiPleril
January Hi. (
Coqullle ¦ River '; 1 pml Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am | Pier 2
Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pm|P!er 3
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 ami Pier !)
Sydney ¦ & "Way Pts . | 5 pml Pier ¦ 7
Seattle & N. What:. 6 pml Pier 2
January 17. ¦ : |
Humboldt : . . . 1 :30 p Pier 0
Astoria" & Portland. 0 am Pier °
Portland & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 10
Jannary IS. , - ...
Hamburg & Way i. Pier 34
Point Arena 2pm|Pler •*
Astoria . & Portland. 11 am Pier 24 '¦
Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PUSS
Newport & Way Pts. u am Pier 11
. January 19. . i • ¦ - ,,
Humboldt ;......... 0 am Pier 13
Cobs B. & Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
San Diego & Way. . . 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt 2 pm Pier 1 2
Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
-January . UO.
Tillamook .Bay ..... 5 pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor ' ..... 5 pm pier 2
I January -21. . .- >,.
Astoria & ¦ Portland. 9 am Pier 2
China . & Japan .... 1 p m PMSS
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
I January 22.
Newport ¦ & Way .... 9 am Pier 11
January 23. I „
Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January 25. • I . ¦
Honolulu 10am]Pler 7
Mandalay. .
North Fork
Nome City.
Queen
Ventura...
Rainier....
Pomona . . .
C. Nelson..
Alliance...
Herodot...
Point Arena
G. Elder. . .
Newport. . .
BOnita
Eureka.. ..
Arcata
Santa Rosa
Kan Pedro. !
J. Klmball.
W. Kruger.
Coronado. .
Lakme
Gaelic...
Umatilla. .
Newburg. .
Coos Bay..
Rival......
Columbia..
Alameda. .
Eteamer.
'or.
I Salla.
CottagetClty.-
E Thompson.
Al-Kl.. I
DIriKO.......
Excelsior. .
Skagway & Way Ports. Jani ; IB
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 120
Skagway" & Way Ports. Jan. 21
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 25
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 15.
!ur
lot
rises • .7:24
. sets ¦ — ...'.....:..:... r. vr.5":i4,
in sets ¦ ¦ ¦ 11 :29 p. > m.
5
.6
17-
.8
Tlmel .,
Ft.
H.W .,
3:37 ?.B.O
4:15 6.1
5:01 6.2
6:52 5.3
L \V
0:21 -2.8
1:25 2.9
2:25 v:2.0
3:23 - 2.8
[Time I
L.w
oTii
10:45
11:5G
1:03
H W
6:49
7:46
8:46
0:39
K
2.2
1.9
11.3
. 0.7
Time - . . -
Ft..
H,W •
3:26 3.0
4:60 3.7
6:30 3.6
8:00 : 3.7
2:02 0.1
2:66—0.4
3:40—0.8
4:34—1.0
Time I ' ,
— f2S
0:25 -1.7
10:15 ' 2.2
Iljl6 .2.5
ii'w ";"-''
9:00 4.0
10:04 1-4.3
10:52 .4.6
ll':36|"4.3
M
5.5
S 5.7
,. 5.9
6.0
M
Steamer.
From.
Dut.
Mandalay . . . .
Herodot ......
J. S. Klmball
Nome City. . .
Pomona......
O. W. Elder. .
Bonlfa '.
Alliance
Edith........
San Pedro. . . .
Santa Rosa. .
Pt. Arena....
Umatnia.....
New burg. ....
Arcata
Eureka ......
Mackinaw . . .
Santa Barb..
H. K. Maru..
Lakme V.
Chehalis.....
Czarina.... .
Coos Bay
State of Cal..
W. H. Kruger
Columbia. . . .
Coronado. . . .
Crescent City
Rival
Argyll.......
Alameda
City Puebla. .
North Fork..
Santa Ana...
Tucapel.
Coqullle River Jan. 15
Seattle Jan. 15
Seattle & Tacoma ....Jan. 15
San Pedro Jan. 15
Huniboldt ....'.... Jan. 15
Portland & Astoria .... Jan. 15
Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Portland &.\Vay Ports. Jan. 10
Seattle ; Jan. 16
Humboldt Jan. 16
San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Point Arena Jan. 18
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 'IT
Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Coon Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Humboldt Jan 17
Tacoma Jan. 18
Grays Harbor Jan. 18
China & Japan Jan. 18
Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 18
Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Seattle & Tacoma Jan.' la
Newport & "Way Ports. Jan. 19
San Diego & "Way Ports Jan . 19
San Pedro........ Jan. 20
Portland & Astoria Jan. 20
San Pedro j an . 20
Crescent City j an . 20
Wlllapa Harbor- Jan 21
New York via Panama. Jan. 21
Honolulu : j an . 22
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
Humboldt j an . 22
Seattle & Tacoma Jan.' 23
Valparaiso & Way Ports Jan. 25
Steamer.
Destination. 1 Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
I Sails.
Strathgyle.
State Cat..
' Jannary 15. I . |
China & Japan ]12 m|Pler27
San Diego & Way... tfaitfiPleril
January Hi. (
Coqullle ¦ River '; 1 pml Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am | Pier 2
Los Angeles Ports.. 3 pm|P!er 3
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 ami Pier !)
Sydney ¦ & "Way Pts . | 5 pml Pier ¦ 7
Seattle & N. What:. 6 pml Pier 2
January 17. ¦ : |
Humboldt : . . . 1 :30 p Pier 0
Astoria" & Portland. 0 am Pier °
Portland & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 10
Jannary IS. , - ...
Hamburg & Way i. Pier 34
Point Arena 2pm|Pler •*
Astoria . & Portland. 11 am Pier 24 '¦
Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PUSS
Newport & Way Pts. u am Pier 11
. January 19. . i • ¦ - ,,
Humboldt ;......... 0 am Pier 13
Cobs B. & Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
San Diego & Way. . . 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt 2 pm Pier 1 2
Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
-January . UO.
Tillamook .Bay ..... 5 pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor ' ..... 5 pm pier 2
I January -21. . .- >,.
Astoria & ¦ Portland. 9 am Pier 2
China . & Japan .... 1 p m PMSS
Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
I January 22.
Newport ¦ & Way .... 9 am Pier 11
January 23. I „
Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
January 25. • I . ¦
Honolulu 10am]Pler 7
Mandalay. .
North Fork
Nome City.
Queen
Ventura...
Rainier....
Pomona . . .
C. Nelson..
Alliance...
Herodot...
Point Arena
G. Elder. . .
Newport. . .
BOnita
Eureka.. ..
Arcata
Santa Rosa
Kan Pedro. !
J. Klmball.
W. Kruger.
Coronado. .
Lakme
Gaelic...
Umatilla. .
Newburg. .
Coos Bay..
Rival......
Columbia..
Alameda. .
Eteamer.
'or.
I Salla.
CottagetClty.-
E Thompson.
Al-Kl.. I
DIriKO.......
Excelsior. .
Skagway & Way Ports. Jani ; IB
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 15
Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 120
Skagway" & Way Ports. Jan. 21
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 25
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 15.
!ur
lot
rises • .7:24
. sets ¦ — ...'.....:..:... r. vr.5":i4,
in sets ¦ ¦ ¦ 11 :29 p. > m.
5
.6
17-
.8
Tlmel .,
Ft.
H.W .,
3:37 ?.B.O
4:15 6.1
5:01 6.2
6:52 5.3
L \V
0:21 -2.8
1:25 2.9
2:25 v:2.0
3:23 - 2.8
[Time I
L.w
oTii
10:45
11:5G
1:03
H W
6:49
7:46
8:46
0:39
K
2.2
1.9
11.3
. 0.7
Time - . . -
Ft..
H,W •
3:26 3.0
4:60 3.7
6:30 3.6
8:00 : 3.7
2:02 0.1
2:66—0.4
3:40—0.8
4:34—1.0
Time I ' ,
— f2S
0:25 -1.7
10:15 ' 2.2
Iljl6 .2.5
ii'w ";"-''
9:00 4.0
10:04 1-4.3
10:52 .4.6
ll':36|"4.3
M
5.5
S 5.7
,. 5.9
6.0
M
i Half Price for the Material
j AT KELLER'S.
{ Men's Artistic Clothing.
• . At no other period of .the year could we possibly make
O the same serious break in prices that we do now.
We are overloaded with a very large stock of Fall Suit-
9 ings, ffnd on a large part of these materials we will now cut
i SQ14RELY IN TWO.
• Labor represents half the selling price of a suit, and as
§ we employ only the most skilled workmen at the highest
• price, that item cannot be disturbed, but down goes the price
© . - Those goods are desirable for Men's Suits all the year
?' round ..in, this 'climate, but every suit will cost you much
© ; Half price on the material will make a clear reduction of
0 . 25 per cent on every suit of these lots. Here is havv the
o . ¦¦ ¦, . $25.00 Suit now costs. ...... ..........;. $ 1 8.75 j 1^
S t; •: $27.50 -Suit now costs. \ ..... $2a63 ~J
J $30.00 Suit now costs. . . . . . . ... ..... $22.50 T ]
• • $35.00 Suit now costs. $26.25
§ A^Q POOR WORKMANSHIP*.
% NO CHE At* . LABOR.
% 'Every garment will be a perfect fit or it doesn't leave
J our. store, because our main guiding star to success has
• always been the principle of . i
• PERFECT WORKMANSHIP AND FIT.
I OUR HALF-PRICE SALE OF
I Men's Hosiery, Underwear
• Is'creating the most eager enthusiasm.
I 1028-1030 MARKET STREET.
• , , . (ALSO OAKLAND).
| Glove Hate Siik Sale f
1 1 Extraordinary '?£££¦ ia our " g | I»^»^ I o i l^^!x V«t| f, ?§ Extraordinary f
i 69c, 98c. ...::'.. ..¦;¦.:/;'. : ;. : ¦;" ;,/ l ;:"'V.;, : '-.- ' ":.•':;';:¦:'.¦'' '" ' . 59c Yard. . • $
£ , Positireiy the greatest glove values, this itore has " V7 1 /FX% tf "' ' \^ '¦ jf\jf £/m^ <* Jr We have secured, at a third less than manufac- jg
fc° ever offered. The balance of many lines of v7v» ,ShsM<a S^ ((Sm/W^9J7 AfP /£%/ j ***~1 Bri^^^^2Fy^9 SJTJTh /?>Xm \S7fj? turer's prices, a large lot of three of this sea- }f
*f Ladies' Kid, Mocha and Suede Gloves; umc /fflarf^fjZ&Mw y frf^^J*/ s&4£&£*9^~'dK &C£JMrw^s£ZmjLx*^M&£WY J S son's "mest popular weaves of silk, in bright, .J
JC with one, some with two, patent fasteners; yr^P%s%S%*/M.£ / %^^ «^r i%j.»^«^' r M^S'&m^^ ¦» <^L,-%_.^ stylish colorings; not a yard of which is worth 'J
Jf , assorted styles of embroidered backs; such good ' ¦,-.¦:>--¦* : - : i \.-":'.y' : -.\ '^ :." ¦ : " '' '.¦ , ¦ , ' . "1 " <. ' ' : .". "!••'-- - -: '" ; . v ' ¦¦¦¦'•; : - - ' : "':"- • ,- v .'". less than 85c regularly, which we have added 5
If-; staple colors as browns, /tens, modes,, grays, Read CVery January' ad^ to UTe "dean-up" sale at, yard . . . 59 O S
I s^r^ »ni Mn tin" Sato ?
5 worth from to ja.25 per pair; now in that will make^huHdreds of friends- for us,fandhbld them.- V. t; : - ; *r#«?«*«-v#» o**tu v
* the "clean-up" sale at j _- __ _ 1_ : — —— -— " -: : INFf}&8f}tt4S %
J^ > - ; — — 1 '" ' • —^-^ ..-..-. ¦''' glt Glean^i/n" P1 '-'Sale.'''' : Besides the numerous broken lines in this department, result- lengths; per piece .. . lOo "3
X -' LadieS' Initial "¦-• ¦¦¦•¦-¦ ¦- ¦'>¦¦.-.-.-.¦ ;.,,¦:,-,.., V : . u \ \ ' —^^AaY '• in g 'from"th"2 heavy bcfore-holiday-selling, we. have added x So Spool Black Sewing Silk; about 400 s
k" -_ • .IT » • •• "m ** '¦ ' ' ' ' ¦ ' " G&* ' Specially CUt prices - in addl- .••/ ° ..¦-•»/,•,*.../ 1 tt j yards per spool; best quality and marked .*
5 Handkerchiefs, 9C. <^^jm ¦¦ tion to our «'clean-up" 'reduc- large special purchase of Shirts and Underwear. f actor / ends [ ea ; h . . . \ . . . 25o .j
*» About ioo dczen sheer lawn white hem- ' tions These bargains may only Men's Shirts— Made, of fine Percale; stiff bosoms in many 1 50 Shdl Pompadour Combs; each.. . 1Oc j»
, stitched Handkerch : efe; -.with -hand em- - '^^W/kA^K- I Wta-dav : so come 'earlv -•¦¦--. - pretty striped effects, and in' plain blue and oxb'ood; also 600 yarfi Swel Drat Facing; 3 inches wide* .5
$ arrived toilate, so instead of 1 jc^ each (the f \ V '.^ V ' ' V > ,' " W* ; - 1 -- -22° ' all.W Uh cuft to match; in aU Sizes; instead of $ I. OO, pcrdczen.. / 4O $
.* .' regular value)! w# say Wednesday ,2 - " V : ''*¦'¦ i I - 0 ° F]inatictta:Wn^ en -'C9o ¦• now. .....:........../.'./ :..69c 1 00 doz.-n packets Princess Wave . Japanned .«
«f. only, singly or by the box, \each' . . 9C > Tl'-|>i :^ ' V*" 0 "^"f ™,' - Men* f 50c soft finished Menno Underwear:. ..... 33o • Hair Pins; 3 packets for _. . . . . . Bo
K" - - ' ¦' "••"¦¦ — : — '¦ " 1 nil- / Am/"- , -: '•• * * ' ¦•¦'•• ' •¦.•-•••••»*» Ayr-«» Z,,. a 1: j ha • tt j' jm*% CO dozin boxes Gold Hair Pias; a boxes foroo «
» '"'" ; " Thh We tfnt*K dnV \w\ml\ '¦ fS-°o»nd J6.00 Eiderdown Wrappers. ..¦y-.-Y." Men s 75c fleecc-hned Menno Underwear, now. ...49o ao dozen Tape Measures in gilt cas«; each/ZJo $
» ¦ . * . "* '^ '^" '. tyi$r*i! I -V' ; ¦-*•!'-¦• • ,• • - .¦.y.''. u -[-:-\$2.95 Men's Neckwear; i; Four-in- Hands, -Tecb, Bands and 6 dozen' Shoe Hems; each ..... . Wo •*
j« MmlO,UOt*!:&&Jem , : I \ I : *^5- o ° Dress Skirts . . , ; . .. • -$3'7S . r Shield Bows; worth up to . 50c -each; .Winter styles; n dozen boxes containing Shoe Buttons, '
If Yell wstore Whukey— Either rye or bourbon; ' U\ I • \ : i|'5 ot j> Silk Waists . .. . S£.75 " marked to close out : ¦ '¦ ¦ - ' 17o Flsteners and Hooks; per box. ,. . . 2o jf
I * ¦^^¦*TT-'"<'9U6B: WM& 4«^^S'^A»n.;Co^- < 'f White Pongee sK ' ki^ibi. ' t^iiHani .:.nd £ K£2 T? a±S-Tf£ \
% Wcod Alcohol— For burning purposes; tb-day; . ; a . A ; * * ••••• -I •>•¦•;• ;^3-05 rafi t2O 6 doren French Curling Irons; each ... . 80 ,-. §
5 half-gallon bottles ... .V . . . GUO • j -v'A - t ' l zo ;° 0 t0 f a 7-5«> fine Dresses.. ,,.- Imp irials andrWide End Scarfs; .worth" and. $i;5O; 3 doren Shoe Horns; each.. ... . . . . gv - jg
* Geneva Gin— Van Koop &' Sons; imported; I . f V v ! • " " ' ' • • • **»»/5 m.rked to clos*" out ' " l . ' BQo proS * goW Sp ' ke rnaments > P er dozen.£Fo 5
I large black bottles; to-day ..-.aso Unde%nmlin^E<BSmr per garment Linen "Mcskli/ndcfwcVr;* broken szes; ,^ m ,. ¦-. ¦ m X
i X"^.? *?.. l^!" 5 :^; r^/^fe^Ni u*» Bargains. v Wl^^W^^^^^^f^ "Clean-Up" Sale I
K j "— : l^-i ' %_m \ ¦' ' f\\ ¦¦'-'•¦ ' To *' man y : special item's 6f ; the Men's Fine Imported Underwear — Such make as Morley's, y&r&psjet* Flannels* x
* The Wednesday mMm^WB \^^M^^^M -^l^?!^*^^^*^^^^^!?^^^!^ I
t GrOSCrV Safe. -this announcement, we add a very ¦ 5© and $4.00 each; marked to close .. $1.98 p^ece of our 1 5c German Eiderfown Flannelsj V
n e T Z u , ¦ ' ¦• V V special offering in Kimonos- . Mcn f S,2SC..Wool Hose— Six pairs for 95c, single pairs, /ff/j aho our 15c double fold Wrapper Eannels; *
¦ J . Beans-Small wh:te or pea beans, v $ Muslin Gown , F yoke> t0 P , : ' . . . ¦ . , ¦ :Men's< 5 qc : quality Imported Lis'e and Baibnggan Hos=, in a ' J °{^ . new *".?" a w Jta P le ***" %
% Olive" 6H-D,- bohrSan^fifLffro! ' ; fincy-'^Bow .'..,.•;..;... . .. ... 2So Z*£ C £V?^7Z££1i I
I -duced in California; to^ay, per bottle. 75O $I^l <*£>™ w "? J. «*™>«y .tnmmed,' cut to ;. : •;,.-. Mm'sHandkerChicIS-Silk Finish Japanot, full sizes; dozen sLsonab'e material, at a Uttie X
M Ghirardel!rsCfCDa-To-day,^--btins27o 75 ° f?" 1 .^ tO 'v ¦''•>- V • ¦: ' ' v • *5C .^¦ri.^, - ¦ ¦ - ' " - ' 5So Sore than half price; per yard . 0%1 \
| Starch-Loose laundry; |^ggg*g '" " 8 * G $
Salmon— Pink Alaska; good quality; 3 tins . . ¦ I Extra* Speolal. ~ \ [ - :'." 7'- '^^ ".'I '.. ; ~ "" ... . ' . ! ' — 1 . ggff^^gm I M n " **
»= ...'.,.;.. ...;.... . 25O Ladies' Tennis Flannel Kimonos, pink and blue stripes; some ftores ' * 'Cfeaii-U &*" Salt* LSnf*n^ ifi&an-ijp X
5- Ripe Olives— New crop; California; quart usually ask 75c: cut to .... ... . . . . . . . oo c ". . , , , w «"'« y «-»*»«?»*»» titavfnin Flnn't %
5 ........ .... . . . 25c •¦¦'•¦ ' ' ¦•¦ ¦¦•-¦•¦•-• Jyg 60 : |nchBleachedTabUDama»k—AH-Knen, now per yard . . 43c UUriain UGp I. •*
»f ___1__ • EUBe*n f 4£L <£/L t\t% 4*% fC tS fin 68-inch Satin Damask — Fine bleached, our regular 95c kind, now 79O Muslin Curtains— Figured and striped, worth .*
•• • ttr*/**-*— ff M " <£~>SA IWWf » <r^f«VV TO 3 OjUI/ 7O-inchH«lf Bleached Darraik— Extra heavy,^our 85c line, now 68O 85c>a pair, for . . . 69O ~ *
J- ¦**IGan-Up.: &ai& StiOeS . fOr $2.4-5* Tab!e Cloths-r-Hemsritched German Damask; nicely patterned; s : ze Nottingham Lace Curtlins— 3^ T»rds long, J
?i 11 i e I t u,, Ko,/» ,„ frnm A t n S ->r,J i Li — — * *Y *- lotns — * lne Hernstitched Damask, were 45c each, now . 28o inches, suitable for bav windows and tor all =2
i ggggg ten f '° m ;"?£ »-J^& -. Bl^iTo^.-Ne.Uia,,, ¦.««, ;..ffl»i% to M d. f f.* 5 I.,g«;Wo m >««do r f», 7S p CTp . ; j..w J
.now. . . . . . . . f {MO MO qHmipO y : ,. ¦'. / , ¦:..,.. ¦¦ ... -\ ¦/ ;.¦ . ¦ - P cr dozen; "clean-up price, each. . \ . . -: . . Qq . . . . ... . $>1>23 &
MKXXK* *,*M*X**.*,*#.*M». »MK**M **M*M* *KK**H*.*,K*MX,V.*,**,*.** IWUUWK
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOKITJUI.
THE *] EMPORIUM.
IEan Franciico, TTednesilar. 15 January, 1902. . B
Axminsters, $1.00 j
sewed, lined, laid j
j o 1 — : ! : ; — : : : -o I
t There is only one carpet more beautiful than an Axminster — B
i that one is the Wilton. And of course the Wilton costs more. B
Among the Axminsters that we are offering now at $1.00 the fi
i yard, sewed, lined and laid on your floor, are the following par- B
> ticularly handsome patterns: . H
; A rich fawn ground, intermixed with subdued green leaves | 1
{ and soft-toned roses, border to match. A . rich dark olive :/<!
i ground, with rose and leaf design, in light effect, border to D
match. A handsome tan ground, with scroll of darker tone, I
enlivened "with dainty pink roses and green leaves, border to I
\ match. A dark maroon ground ,with scattered floral and scroll fl
: design, in light effects, border to match. A dark intermixed B
two-tone green ground, with dashes of cream and pink, in a |
conventional border to match. A rich, red ground, 1
? with large tan scroll and clusters of pink 'roses, border to match. jtj
Come and see the line. Just as welcome to look as to buy. s - v ;' ¦
This is a \ r ery comfortable place to shop in these cold days, as |
the entire building is heated by steam. ., 1
Bear in mind we are still offering. our entire line of the fa- g
mpus Roxbury tapestry carpets at 75c the yard, sewed, lined and • . B
o^i • - ¦ ' ' '" ' — : — o : I
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) |
9S7 to 977 MarKct Street, Opj>» Golden Gate; Avenue. |Whereas. It is deemed the duty of this board
to promote and encourage a proper representa
tion of the resources of the State, wherever op^-
Prepare for a Display at St. Louis.
Whereas, Commercial organizations repre
senting the various sections of the State and
counties have manifested a strong desire to
secure for their sections or counties adequate
representation; and . .
Whereas. Owing to the fact that the Leg
islature of the State of California will not holtl
a session until the year in which the exposition
is to be held, and which opens early in the
same year. State aid to secure an adequate
representation of the resources of California at
the Louisiana Exposition cannot be expected;
and
The matter of the St. Louis exposition
of 1903 was next considered, and the fol
lowing resolution was unanimously adopt
ed: -
Whereas, The people of St.^Louls, the em
porium of the territory acquired by the United
States by cession from France, in 1903, pro
pose to celebrate the centennial anniversary
of the acquisition of the Louisiana Territory
by the holding of a World*3 : Expo»ltion of the.
progress of mankind In science, in art,; In
industry, in, commerce and In government; and
Resolved, That this board requests and urges,
our- Senators and neoresentatlves to oppose
BUCh changes, believing them to be Inimical to
the interests of the growers of this State and
the whole country.
Resolved. That the California State Board of
Trade by these resolutions memorialize our
Senators and Representatives In Congress to
oppose such proposed abatement or. removal of
present tariff rates on Cuban sugar and to
bacco and such reciprocity agreement* with
other countries as abate those rates upon citrus
and other fruits and products of our soil. i ¦
Opposed to Any Abatement.
Whereas* It is proposed that Congress shall
remove or materially abate the tariff on sugar
and tobacco imported from Cuba ;. and.
Whereas, It is also proposed that a general
policy • of reciprocity shall be instituted with
other countries affecting citrus and other fruits
of this State and other products of th« -soil In
the United States: therefore, be It
the East there was prosperity In plenty,
and the only one complaining was the
farmer. .
Colonel Irish then proposed the follow
ing, resolution," which was carried unan
imously: -"
/HOTEL ; DEt. .CORONADO, • choicest \ Winter
Resort In the world, : offers best living, climate,
boating, \ bathing, . '-fishing < and- most amuse
ments. E, S." Babcock,' manager/; Coronado. Cal.
It is, stated/that experiments .have proven' that
Egyptian long staple cotton can be, profitably cultif
vated in Arizona, and should ;the report proye true*
the time is coming when the Arizona farmer will not
have to kow-tow to anybbdy.- There is big money in i
that^kind of cotton even when- ordinary cotton 'goes;
begging for buyers. \ ' . • -*.. .L -
; - ¦'¦>.'-'. ¦ .¦¦¦ " '¦' ' '¦¦¦'"'¦'. ¦}-¦¦"¦
. "That shows . how. little, you . kaow
about politics," was the soothing. answer
In ' superior; tones. : - '"Nobody : said' any
thing about fighting." I'm - going to chal
lenge .him, to res.ign."-f Chicago Tribune.
"I have been obliged to challenge that
man again!'.' exclaimed the citizen who
: came f om y a" country famous . for fight
¦ ing/;: :;¦'¦" ¦¦,; ¦" ;/ .\ ".: v . , ; '. •;;'•••>•. ''
. rVOh/Vsaid the "trembling '.woman, who
"had . clasped . his hand, "do nothing fa sh !
Doinot risk your life because of anin
sul^i given '-.. in ;; the . heat , of v political dis
cussion!" ' • . :. ¦ ¦¦/, '_-[ ~
BOATS AND FERRIES— S., City. The
first ferry from San Francisco to the
Oakland side was established in 1S50, the
Kangaroo making ;two trips a week be
tween San Francisco and San' Antonio.
In 1851 a small steamer was placed on the
route; in 1852 "the Boston made several
trips and was destroyed by fire. In the
latter part of the year her place was
taken by the Kate Hayes. ¦ Shortly after
that the Contra Costa Steam Navigation
Company was established with two steam
ers that made regular trips to the foot of
Broadway; Oakland, the fare being Jl
each way. [ In 1857 th« Oakland and San
Antonio Ferry Company came Into exist
ence and in 1862 work on the ferry land
ing on the Oakland side was commenced.
The first trip on thelOakland and Sari'
Francisco railroad was made on the 2d of
September, 1863; the trial trip on the San
Francisco and Alameda road was made
August 13, 1864, to Alameda from the
point, and on the 25th of, August the cars
ran to' High street. The ferry landings a3
they are now,' both. ar the Oakland and
the.Alameda.mole, ¦ were built by the
Southern .Pacific Company.
From Los Angeles— P. Forve and W. H.
Pettebone, at i the Holland; M. V. Hart
raufe. at the Victoria.;;/ ]_,'
[ NEW YORK,. Jan.- 14.— The following
ealifornlans are in New York: From San
I^ancisco— -A. J. Deming, at the Albert;
P. L. Sheridan and wife, at the Holland;
J.'DcC. Valle and Dr. , H. ; Bruner, at the
Cadillac; R. A. ; Brown, at the St. Denis;
C. E. "Hill,; at the Cosmopolitan; ..E. Pa
trizi and W. H. Peaby,' at the Earlington;
G. London, ;L. Muske.and G. M."Perrine,
at the' Herald Sauare. ' .
Calif orniana in New York.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— These Califor
nians have registered at the hotels: New
Willard— B; V. Collins and -wife, Los An
geles; H. L. Close, San Francisco. Ebbitt
— J. H. Call, Los Angeles. •
. ¦ . — — -^ — ', * 7 \
Calif ornians in Washington.
MINOR'S CONTRACT— W., City. In
California a minor cannot given a dele
gation _ of. power, nor under the age of
18 make a contract relating to -real prop
erty or any x Interest therein, or relating
to personal property \ not in his imme
diate possession or control. A minor may
make any other contract than, those
specified, subject only to his power of
disaffirmance. A minor cannot disaffirm
a contract otherwise valid, to pay the
reasonable' value c; things necessary for
his support or that of his family, entered
hro by him, when no \ under the care of
a parent or guardian able to provide for
him or them. '
MINING CLAIM— M., Portland. Or. .A
minor doing business for himself and in
his own name has the right to dispose of
'whatever he acquired by virtue of loca
tion. The fact that the locator of a min
ing claim is under the age of twenty-one
years does -not render the location in
valid. From these decisions, found in
"Mineral Lands" and. "Landowner," it
'appears that a minor may take up a mln-
Ine claim.
That the railways will fight for delay is well known.
T>*!y will of course exhaust every resource the in
v-"uity of their attorneys can devise for the purpose
..-i interfering ivith the decision of the Commissioners
; nu preventing the enforcement of the new rates on
6;!. The issue is therefore one. in which the railway
corporations once mcre_confront public welfare. By
giving a prompt hearing to the cases the courts' will
icrve the public good. By delaying a decision they
will serve *the interest of the corporations. It is a
case where so much i& at stake that the people have
a right to expect the courts to act with justice and a
proper regard for the interests of industry and
commerce. The cases should be advanced on the
calendar and given right of way' to a speedy hearing.
There will be something very much like a gross in
justice done under the forms of law if a temporary
injunction" be permitted to become an indefinite in
junction. - .
These cases affect ihe community as a whole. The
oil industry of the State has now become so large
that it concerns every manufacturing enterprise that
requires cheap fuel. The cost of transportation for
the oil from the places* of production to the con
sumers is an important factor in the welfare of many
of our largest industrial enterprises. Consequently,
large as the oil industry is, it by no means represents
the whole interest that is affected by freight rates
imposed upon oil. So long as the fixing of rates is
in doubt, so long will there be more or less uncer
tainty as to the price at which oil can be delivered
and that kind of fuel obtained. The inevitable re
sult is a disturbance of industrial activity, whose in
jurious effects are widely felt. It is therefore a mat
ter of pressing importance that the courts give a
hearing to the cases at once and decide them as
speedily as possible.
SO long as the restraining orders of the courts
prevent the enforcement of the decision of the
Railroad Commissioners in the oil rate cases,
so long will roads have all the benefits of a virtual
victory. It is therefore the duty of the courts "to
bring the issue to a speedy trial. The railroads should
uot be permitted, by motions for delay and ' post
ponement, to suspend the hearing indefinitely. It is
clearly an instance where both justice and public in-
Verest require prompt action. •
In addressing the Dcmocrats*of Maine Mr. Quincy
said the issue before. the pajrty is that of deciding
whethento return to the, conservatism which marked
its policy before 1896 or to {go forward on the line
of radicalism.; 'To the solution of that issue he,con
tributed this advice: "The party should keep m the
platform a certain amount of progressive radicalism
of a constructive -quality, avoiding that which ; is
harmful; but it should be more conservative in, the
selection of its leaders and be • more careful in its
nominations for. high office." jlf.is hardly, likely Mr.
Bryan will read- that ; with -much ; satisfaction.' Mr..
Quincy added that the next nominee of the 'party
should be a "broad-minded, scholarly, man." Where
can such be found outside of Massachusetts? •
The leader of themovemerit in the. camp is Josiah
Quincy, the defeated candidate of the party for Gov
ernor. Just why he should show himself so very
much alive ¦ and "so animated after sucli a crushing
defeat as befell him is not apparent on the surface of
his talk, but it is possible he is trying to raise.apole'
on which he can climb out of danger when the time
domes for the party. to nominate another candidate
for Governor, to face the Massachusetts voters. Mr.
Quincy, in fact, seems to be running for Presidential
"stakes. He is at least doing. more to put a wiggle
into Democracy, than any other man iii the nation,
not even excepting William J. Bryan of loquacious
memory. > '
FOR some reason not clearly discernible at this
distance the Democrats of Massachusetts are in
. a state of high activity. They are doing more
banqueting, orating, planning, and organizing than
the fellows" of their party in any other State in
Union. Not content . with rousing discussion and
action in their own commonwealth, they, have started
a vigorous propaganda in other New England States,
and have . even .. succeeded in • bringing about ' some :
thing of enthusiasm nt a Democratic banquet down in
Mainel ' • \ ,¦% ¦ '-?*/"^. - '¦'.'* '.
A DUTY OF THE COURTS.
MILITARY CADET— W. R. A., City.
One who desires to secure an appointment
as a cadet in the Military Academy at
West Point, should make application to
the Congressman of the district in which
he resides. The representative will give
notice of the time when there is a va
cancy and when an examination will be
held.
MASSACHUSETTS DEMOCRACY.
There-are of course' serious difficulties: to~ be over
come before the metric system can be generally
adopted in this country. It would subject tho people
to considerable inconvenience to learn •measurements
in litres, meters ;and kilograms instead of in quarts
yards and pounds.' It would also' require extensive
readjustments, in .all our scales and measuring imple
ments. The _ obstacles would be most , perplexing; in
land measurements, and might result for a time in' a
. Consul General. Skinner, reports from Marseilles
an incident which occurred at that port. during the
year as an illustration of the desirability of adopting
the metric system in our manufactures. Last August
the. United States naval collier Scandia arrived at
Marseilles with her boiler tubes burned out and un'der
urgent orders to proceed at once to Manila. It was
believed the damage could be easily repaired at M-ar
seilles;-but, though every facility was offered by the
local contractors, it was found that all the" tubing
in the. city had been manufactured according to met
ric dimensions and none of it could be utilized in the
Scandia's boilers without forcing the shells. The
variation was slight, but it was sufficient to prevent
£he accomplishment of the work, and the conse
quence was the ship had to wait until new tubing
could be procured from the United- States, thus los
ing three weeks at. a time when her early arrival at
Manila was a matter of great importance.
.Some time ago a British commission appointed to
inquire into the decline in the use of British manufac
tures on the Continent reported that much of the de
cline was due to the preference of the .people for
goods manufactured according to metric dimensions.
Our own , manufacturers as they extend their trade
with Europe and with South America' will find- the
same preference acting as a barrier~"tO;. American
trade. • It would seem, then, that the requirements of
foreign commerce will sooner or later force the
United States and Great Britain to adopt the system
of measurement that now prevails in the commercial
world. : ' - - ¦ ;
WITH the expansion of our foreign com
merce there has come renewed agitation in
favor of the adoption of the metric system
of weights and measurements. Every civilized coun
try except the United States and Great Britain has
now adopted that system, and the consequence is
that we and- our British cousins are seriously handi
capped in the contest for supremacy in the world's
markets because our measurements , do not • cor
respond, to those of the people whose needs we un
dertake to supply.
A REQUIREMENT OF TRADE.
It is reported that the new Secretary of the Treas
ury, Mr. Shaw of Iowa, has six toes on each foot,
but we «Io not see how the information can be in
teresting to financiers.
A WIDOWS RIGHT— M. B., Sutter
County, Cal. The property that a man
owns before marriage is ' his separate
property. He may . dispose of such by
will in any manner that he desires. 7If
ha should marry and die without making
testamentary disposition of the property,
his widow would, in California, be entitled
to half of such property.
Colonel F. L. Denny of the -United
States marine corps has arrived from
Washington; D. C, accompanied by his
wife, and is at the Palace. . .
General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormick returned yesterday jfrom
an Inspection tour of the Southern Pacific
lines in S6uthern California. ;.
: R. J. Kilpatrlck, one of the most prom
inent railroad builders In this country, is
here from Nebraska and is a guest at the
Palace. ".'.."" . ' • •'
Mrs. M. A. :,Wilcox, wife of the well
known capitalist of Los Angeles, is among
the arrivals at the Palace.
, Hugo Goldschmtdt 'and H. H. Gold
schmidt, well-known wine merchants of
Los Angeles, are at the Palace. . .
Bank Commissioner A.- W. Barrett, with
headquarters at Los Angeles, is at the
California.
W. R. Spalding,. connected with the
Visalia Lumber Company, is a guest : at
the Lick.
H. Cornforth, a fruit grower of Marys
ville, is spending a few days at the Lick.
Fred Eudey, a mining man of Jackson,
is at the Lick.* \ ' . •
' C. W. Kin'ney, a mining man of Sonora,
is. a guest at the Lick.
. P. L. Flannlgan, a mining man and cat
tle raiser of Reno, is at the Grand. : /
W. P. Thomas, a well-known attorney
of Ukiah, is registered at the Grand.
J. M. Gardner, a well-known business
man of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
John M. Streining, an extensive fruit
grower of Santa Rosa, is at the Grand. :
"My wife is a very remarkable woman,"
said Mr. Meekton.
"She has a great deal of originality."
"Indeed she has. She has taken up the
game of whist, and by watching her play
I have discovered that' all the book3
written on the subject are totally wrong."
—Washington Star.
"That's, a very poor story— very poor,
indeed," growled the city editor to the
new reporter, who had Just turned in his
account of the fire.
"What's the matter with it?" asked the
n. r., who was an Inquisitive youth.
"Matter? Why, man, At no point In the
narrative do you refer to the brave fire
laddies. 1 *
The . new reporter return*! to his desk
in. sadness, feeling that the intricacies of
journalism were many, indeed.— Baltimore
American.
' ¦4&
The theological argument waxed
warmer and warmer^ . «
"But, my dear sir," protested Deacon
Ironside, aghast, "you don't pretend to
know more about it than the Apostle Pe
ter did, do you?"
"What did the Apostle Peter know," re
torted the man with the aggressive pom
padour, "about the higher criticism?"—
Baltimore Sun. .
"There is work," said the high-browed
youth, "which, even though it may not
bring me wealth, will bring me fame."
"Again the folly of youth?" sheered the
cynic philosopher. 5 "Why will you never
realize that fame such as you seek Is
merely a device of the avaricious world
by which a man is kept poor, and by
which, at the same time, his creditors
are always kept advised of his where
abouts?"—Washington Star.
Mr. Carnegie, in his earnest endeavor to
dispose of his vast wealth before death
shall overtake him, is said to have adopt
ed the following couplet as his working
motto:
Count that day lost whose low-descendlns
sun
Sees no substractlon from my wad of
;. "mon." —Boston Herald.
WIDOW'S PENSION— Subscriber, City.
The pension paid to the widow of a
United States soldier, rank or file, ceases
when she marries again.
The report thajt the Chief of the Weather Bureau
wishes meteorology taught in the public schools
can hardly be true. Up to this time he has'not been
able to teach it worth anything in his own bureau.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The report of the United States Steel Company
shows the net earnings for. the first nine months of
its existence to have been nearly $85,006,000. That
is a stupendous sum to have. been taken in by a sin
gle corporation in less than a year, and it ought riot
to be wondered that people are beginning to ask how
long it will be before the combination will.be "strong
enough to set up something .like, an industrial
monopoly t\jat will enable it to rake in million's faster
still. ; ' .: -¦ " ' : V - ¦¦'- :; : '
A CHANCE TO SMILE
'Added to these are its crops of grain, alfalfa* sugar
beets, honej r , melons and its sheep and cattle. More
extensive than the Valley of the Po, it has greater
capacities and a better climate. Its people are the
true Piedmontese of California, and their ambition
to be known abroad in the true character of their re-*
markable country should stimulate ever)* other part
of the State to do as well for itself in an exhibit of
its productive power and the enterprise addressed to
its development.
It is the only rival of Greece ( in the production of
the fig of commerce, the fig that needs fertilization
by the blastophaga. All along its eastern rim, in
the thermal belt, is a citrus fruit region that Sicily,
cannot excel. The date ripens on its plains, and the
olive is. found everywhere in and around it.
That valley can surprise the world if it move itself
r right. It is fairly the center of the world's raisin
Induction. There is no limit to its capacity in the
;;roduction of that crop. It has conquested the do
mestic market and can easily throw a surplus for for
eign export
THE people of the San Joaquin Valley are mov
ing betimes for a representation and exhibit at
St Louis. .
THE SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
portunlty for advertising our resources may
occur; now, therefore -\ : ',
Resolved, That the -whole subject of a rey
resentatlon of the State of .California at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1003, to b«
held in St. Louis, be referred to a special com
mittee of five, of which the president and sec
retary shall be members ex offlcio. with in
struction to Investigate and report upon tl-.o
most feasible method of unifying the effoits
which will be made to secure an adequate rep
resentation of California as a whole at said
exposition:
Resolved. That in such attempted unification
the individuality of various sections shall be
maintained to an extent consistent with a uni
fied collective and effective exhibit of the en
tire resources of California.
The committee appointed 'to take the
matter In hand will consist of "Arthur R.
Brlgga of Fresno, C. M. Wooster of San
Jose, General N. P. Chlpman of Red
Bluff. 3. A. Fllcher and r W. H.^ 1 Mills,
chairman.
An Interesting topic was touched upon
relative to the ~olive Industry. General
Chlpman explained that questions on
that important matter - were answered
when and wherever information was
needed! The replies, he said, covered the
whole subject' of the manipulation and
planting of trees and the making of olive
oil. There had been some doubt as to
whether the industry was a profitable one.
General Chipman said that he was glad to
be able to report that evidence went to
show that the industry was all right.
The members present at the meeting:
were: General N. P. Chipman, president;
Colonel J. P. Irish, Craigie Sharp. Arthur
R. Bfiggs, J. B. Lankershim. C. M/ Woos
ter, E. D. Sweetser and Mrs. Elizabeth
Shields.
PRESIDENT. SECRETARY AND
TWO MEMBERS OF STATE
BOARD OF TRADE.
The people are familiar "with the For
many a year past it has been known that the annual
deficit in the postal revenues was due to the loss of
money entailed upon the department by the abuse of
the second class mail privilege. ,_The mails were
loaded, down with advertising circulars and with
trashy novels issued in the .form .of periodicals, and
masquerading sometimes as newspapers and some
times as "literature.". -The mail rates paid upon the
fake stuff were far short of defraying the cost of car
fying it, «and consequently there was a heavy, loss
"every sear in. that branch of the postal service. which
had to. be- made- up out of the income • from other
classes of mail matter..
'\ .The ruling of, P9stmaster General Smith was re
ceived with /widespread approval, and there is every
reason for believing the new head of the Postoffice,
Mr. Payne, will cordially uphold the order of his pre
decessor.. Hence the appeal to Congress and the
feathering\of a '.-lobby to urge a revival of the old
abuses.' ,-;.' ¦ - ;.< ; \.
_.. It is to be-i-borne in mind that many important
postal improvements and extension's wait on the at
tainment of a surplus instead of a deficit in the revr
enue. If the old.abuse be authorized 1 and the deficit
reappears at every annual accounting we shall have
to wait a long time for one-cent letter postage, for a ';
better parcels post system and for a \yider extension
of rural mail delivery. It behooves the people,
therefore, to watch caiefully the movement to renew
the old cause of the deficit. There is much for Con
gress to do in amending the postal laws, but* the
'amendments should be made' in the interests of the
public and not in' the direction of giving fakers a
chance- to flood the mails with their worse than
worthless productions. ,. ; ¦; ¦ '.
' V A 7 HEN Postm£lste r General Smith issued his
A/v amoUs 0 *dc'T excluding from the privileges
¦ . '•* '.y. of second class mail matter a large number
of 'so-called journals and periodical libraries it was a
;to£egone\ conclusion that an : effort would be made
upon- the assemblirig'of Congress to get the order re
scinded . or to obtain legislation conceding the privi
lege" to -those who had beerivdeprived of it. There is
consequently', nothing siicp'rising in^ the announce
ment that an. organized lobby is at. work at the capi
tal for that purpose.; ; ' .
PERSONAL- MENTION.
J. B. X,ankershim said that a reciprocity
treaty would take off the- duty and de
stroy the market for the products under
consideration. It would Injure the State
of California very seriously, and the Gov
ernment, he submitted, should take and
foster these' industries. Orange land, he
said, was assessed $500 an acre, vineyard
land $1500 and raisin land accordingly.
Colonel" Irish, again addressing; the
board, said that those who have invested
enormously in labor and capital made that
investment with the direct encouragement
of the Government itself, and now the
Government should protect them. He be
lieved that the farmer should be given a
chance to diversify his crop and furnish
something for . his aid ana" comfort by
adding substantially to his revenue. In
Colonel,. Irish reiterated' his contention
that the people of America were under no
moral, obligation to- see to the prosperity
of the people of Cuba. . •
Object to Reciprocity Treaty.,
There was '^ general discussion of the
Cuban reciprocity treaty, in which Colonel
John P. Irish made a strong argument
against any abatement in the tariff on
• sugar, tobacco and citrus and other fruits.
He said the beet sugar industry in this
pountry was profoundly affected by the
proposition, said he. met in Washing
ton those who were interested In agricul
ture, and all -were opposed to any abate
ment. "When protection is the policy of
this country he believed in having 'its
benefits distributed equally. The farmers
of Michigan, he said, derived greater
profits from beets than from, any other
crop they could plant. "We must remem
ber," said he, "that the farmer is the one
who is deeply affected, and now, that he
has a chance a sentimental argument is
advanced looking to the prosperity of the
people of Cuba.' This Government is un
der obligation to see first to the prosper
ity of its own people. Capital is already
in Kansas, Iowa and Missouri and various
parts Tbf the cquntry to multiply the re
sources -of sugar,' but now stands para
lyzed waiting to see what Congress will
do.' The- Secretary of Agriculture is in
flexibly opposed to an abatement, but the
President and- Secretary of War are in
favor of it. Unless the people of the coun
try let their sentiment on the matter be
known the poor farmer will be 'ditched.' "
A MEETING of the officers of the
California State Board of Trade
was held yesterday in the ferry
' building, with General N. P. Chlp
• ¦¦¦ man in. the chair. . \' . .. '• . .
A -FAKERS* LOBBY.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 15, 1902
JOHN D._SPSECKELS Proprietor.
Hints All reyrrt'M'.iosi :j W. 8. IEA2E. i'ertTK.
MASAGEn'S OKFICE ...Telephone Pre»* 2O»
Vl°BUCATIO\ nPFlCR...Mnrkrt and Tlilril.S. F.
Telephone I* re us SOI.
t OITORIAI- noOMS 21T in H21 .S«ev*n«on St.
Telephone l»re«» 202.
DeXli-ere«l fcr Cnrrlero. IB On«« Per Week.
Stncrle Cople», 5 Cent".
Term* by Mall. Indnlinpr ro*tacei
VA1LT CALL ilnc'.udtnr Sunday), one year M.M
PAILT CALL (Including En-day). * I inths.. J.W !
¦PAILT CALL <lnc!c<llnr Sunday). I months 1.50
'¦*»TLT CALT— By Stngi- Month *So
FHCDAT CALL. One Tear J- 8 *
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1- M
All poilma«tfr« itre nnthorlreil to recelr«y,
» «nlmeriptlon». 'i''f-~?f?'
r»rnp!e copies will be lornrarded when requested.
W»H rolmeribsrs In erd>ritt. rhane* etjHj}Sr*«« should b«
jtrtlcular to rive both aEW aS'D OLD "ADDRKSS In order
to insure * prompt and correct compliance with their request. '
HAKLAXD OFFICE 111S "Broadnrwr
C. GEORGE KROGXRSS. . .
rtriftr Foreign Acmlislar. Kirttetts Bnldlmr. Chin;}.
fLonr Distance Telephone "Central SStt.")
NEW TORK CO1UIESPOXDENT:
C. C CARI-TOTT . . -' Herald Square
. > XEW TORK RErRESENTATTVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Trlbnne Bnlldln?
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. Si Union. Square:
M*tni Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fberretn lion**: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
I itmont House: Auditorium Hotel.
ITRAKCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of City. oper.
oati! S-.JO o'clock. 100 Hayes, cpen until J:30 o'clock. €35
McAllister, cpen until »:J0 o'clock. «1S Larkia. open until
»:» o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2361 Market.
ranter Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 109C Valencia, open
until • o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second end Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
200 FlUmor*. open until I p. m.
It is announced that an American syndicate is try
ing to get a concession for running: trolley lines to
Mecca from Gairo and from Damascus, and should
the desire be .; granted the famous \i pilgrimages that
have been so picturesque and so -hoty.to the Moham
medans may .become in a few. years - nothing, more
than excursion parties. .; '
can delegation has practically ceased to attend the
sessions, and those from Chile and the Argentine Re
public have looked at each other through their eye
brows." Colombia and her neighbors have; been in
trouble at home, and Venezuela is in the throes of., a
revolution. There seems tft be no common point. on
which the United States can meet our:; southern 1 
neighbors, and those neighbors have found but one:
sentiment to which they have all. thrilled in response. :
That sentiment was called out at the^first „ session. by ; .'
a eulogy of Spain as the mother.. country -and the
Latin race as the mother race of tri^Seventy; millions'
of people who inhabit Central and^Scmtb "America/; ¦-/
.It is evident that affairs in this* hemisphere, must'
take the same course they have followed for ages= in
Europe. National ambitions will' be •substituted for
dynastic hopes, and there will be" wars land rumors of
wars, and the political geography, of Central and
South America will undergo changes as great as
those effected by Caesar, Frederick the Great, Na
poleon and Bismarck. It is difficult to see how the
United States can prevent, the strong from feeling
and using their strength and how we can protect the
weak in the' day of their trial.
We can protect what interests . we have against
spoliation, and can interpose against European terri—
torial aggression by asserting the Monroe doctrine,
and that is all. . ,,
The plan and purpose of the present congress were;
praiseworthy, and the same can be said of their pre
decessors^ but nations dislike to bind themselves to
any limitation, against expansion of their boundaries
and their power. If treaties of arbitration were made
the strong would break them at will and the w'eak"
would appeal to them in vain. If a railroad is to be
built lengthwise of South America, on either side of
the Andes, it will be constructed by European capi
tal or that from the United States, which will be VT&u
der the protection of Governments other than thosev
whose territory it traverses. The freedom of such'av
line will be guaranteed to commerce by such a treaty!
as enables us to protect the Panama railroad and or
der Government and revolutionary troops alike to
stop firing when the engine bell rings.
Any general scheme of banks will be instituted and
protected in the same way, and the treaties to effect
these objects will be made by the nations separately,
each in its sovereign" capacity, and not in such a
meeting as that in Mexico. -
Independence is independence. It cannot have any
limitations. It must be free to get into trouble or
to get others into difficulty. This idea of indepen
dence seems to dominate the Central and South
American republics, and they seem determined to'
seek their national destiny, as other independent
states have done before them.
The- next serious cftort to- combine the American
nations in a common' policy upon certain essentials
was made by Blaine. The time of that conference
was too much taken up by a discussion of the silver
question, which was then a hot issue in our politics.
Enthusiasts, who believed in a hemispherical millen
nium, thought it possible to have a'coinage common
tp all the countries , represented, and this, with. such
grand projects as a railway from the Rio Grande to
the Straits of Magellan, exhausted the time and the
energies of the delegates. The present congress, sit
ting in the City of Mexico, has discussed much and
concluded nothing. It has listened to plans for a
Pan-American bank, and the railroad project has
been feebly revived, but no conclusion has been
reached. The rock on which the body has chosen 1
to split is compulsory arbitration. The strong; coun
tries like Mexico and Chile, which have troubles of
their own and are capable of making more for their
neighbors, have shied, from arbitration. The Mexi-
THE first Pan-American conference, planned to
meet at Panama, never met at all. Its failure
was due to the United States. The Senate dis
agreed over instructions to our delegates, and the
discussion of' general American peace ended in the
duel between Clay and Randolph, in which the Rep
resentative from Roanoke had a hole'torn in his coat
by Clay's bullet and Clay got a lesson in magnanim
ity by Randolph firing in the air. .
CALIFORNIA TO BE REPRESENTED
AT THE EXPOSITION AT ST. LOUIS
K THE PAN- AMERICANS.
It is not at all likely- the people .of this country will
ever adopt the metric system as a whole in. one^com
prehensive reform. It may.be;. however, that the de
mandsvOf commerce will force our manufacturers to
work according, to . metric measurements, and in that
way a beginning will be made in the Work of reform/
At any rate it is certain from the reports of Consuls
that so long as we hold to old way we will lose
many a good chance to" place our products in foreign
markets: ¦ ¦ •'¦• - ( •. "' "¦.',,<¦ '.- • . .
The 'difficulties' of "the change, however, would be
temporary,', while the benefits would be- lasting. : We
have had experience in this ; country with a decimal
currency and have- learned its value ' so fully that we
wonder how the British can still cling to' the old
duodecimal system. Still we hold with ah equal con
servatism to the old fashion of weights and measures,
while the rest .of the world has adopted a decimal
system in dealing with them. We are aware that the
adoption of system immensely
facilitate computations in air kinds of business, but
we are used to the r old way and are averse to change.
good deal 61 confusion. Finally, it wo'uiil': require a
complete rearrangement of prices, and for" a time
shoppers wpuld not knqw whether they were getting
good bargains or not when they were told that, cer
tain articles were sold at so much a litre. or so much
a kilogram."
THE SAN FKANCISGC) cAl, WEDNESDAY^ "JANUARY 15; -1902.
6
¦ ' . ¦ : — ¦¦»¦ .- .''
Marsh Mallow Kisses at Townsend's. •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Look out for 81 4th st, front of barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses. spec3, 15c to 40c*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men' by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. " •
The Best Fountain Pens!
We are selling agents for the "Water-
man Ideal Fountain Pens." 12 50 to $13
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best Jl Fountain Pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Cragowen. which is hereafter to become
the Highland residence of the Prtnco and
Princess of Wales, ha3 been for many
years the home of the royal commissioner.
One bottle of Burnett's Vanilla Extract is
better than three of doubtful kind. Though cost-
Ing a. few cents more per bottle, ita purity and
«reat strength make it most economical brand.
By J. J. Doyle — This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses and Bug-
Sies, at 327 Sixth Btreet.
By Wm. <S. Layng — Friday evenins, January 17. at 1 :43
¦/clock. Thoroughbred Horses, at 721 Howard etreet.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Under the Gaslight."
Alcazar — "For the White Rose."
Columbia — "Merchant of Venice."
Orrhenm — -Vaudeville. * r '.
Grand Opera-house — "Claire and the Forgema=-ur.
California — "Old Jed Proutjr." ;
Tivoli— "Little Red Riding Hood."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.r Agglc Murphy and Olive -Vance, \ each
about 16 years of age, were. arrested at 28
Mason street early yesterday morning by
Detective Anthony; and. Policeman Hutch
ins : and taken to the City ; Prison , where
they ;-.:. were placed in -.charge of the
matron. The; girls arrived here Saturday
by ¦ . train : from Seattle with . Robert
Krouse, who : said he was an: agent for
acrobats and' would find. an engagement
for ..them, on the -stage. . • After; arriving
here - he ¦ made a : different proposition ¦ to
them, which they rejected. -The police
here .were notified by;the Chief of Police
of Seattle to arrest the girls. Krouse has
disappeared.'... ;¦;/¦ ,, . . —
Two .Buna way.. Girls,
..-.' No action was taken i by the- Grand Jury
on either of the three cases, further hear
ing belng;postponed until' next Tuesday.
The Grand Jury began an investigation
yesterday into the allegations made
against Police Judge Mogan regarding hla
manner of conducting the business of the
court. Mogan is charged with laxity in
several cases, among them being that of
E. C. Westmorc; who last Christmas shot
and badly wounded Hans Alverson and
Charles Toomey. at Montgomery's Hotel
on Second street. • Another case where it
is charged prosecution was allowed to die
out is that of Sill. Hester, a soldier who
stabbed Thomas O'Neill on Montgomery
avenue. A third case- is that of Martin
Flynn; Frank Morrissey and i Thomas
Crouch, who, it is alleged, assaulted-Mrs.
Rose Kilbourn of Santa Rosa. They were
dismissed by Judge Mogan.
, Among the witnesses summoned by the
Grand Jury were Policemen Chase and
McQuade.i who arrested Westmore after
the shooting .affray. They -testified that
•the . reason for delay in prosecution was
due to the fact that neither of the com
plaining witnesses was sufficiently recov
ered until last Monday. to appear in court.
Alverson Is now convalescing, but Too
mey is still in the German Hospital. *
In the Hester case Officers McNamara,
Matheson, Brodt and Connolly testified
before the jury as to the circumstances
under which Hester was .arrested and
charged with .assault to. murder. The
case was dismissed,_the officers said, for
lack of prosecution, O'Neill, the wounded
soldier, having deserted from the army
shortly after his : recovery. . James : Col
lins,; who was an eyewitness to the affray
andswore. to the complaint, was also a
witness before the Grand Jury. •
Mrs. Kilbourn told. the story of hcr.un
fortunate experience to the Jury and Ser
geant Blank, Lieutenant Price and Officer
Wollwebber also testified. i
Suits i for ¦ divorce were filed yesterday
by Mary A. Giannotti against Domenico
Giannottl, Annie L. J Place against Edward
R. Place, jKatherlne Corwell against
James Corwell; and Gertrude Lowry
against Forrest ,' Lowry. Failure ' to pro
vide Is the charge alleged in each case.
/CHICAGO, rjan. ,14.— Twi> ' men . Were\in
stantly killed and ft third seriously injured by
the breaking of ¦ a scaffold of ,the Rialto ele
vator today. "AY-'-. ¦ -" '-. -. ¦ -i . ' •' * • ¦
Two handwriting experts were witnesses
in the Cheyney maintenance suit'yefeter
day. They were called in by the defense
to give an. opinion as to the' genuineness
of the*' letter written. by Cheyney to a Miss
Pouning, in which - he referred to Mias
Nevill. the. plaintiff, as his dear "wiffle."
Both the experts testified that the portion
of the paper where the disputed word was
written shows traces of an erasure. Chey
ney admits that he wrote the letter, but
claims that instead of the. word "wiffle"
he wrote the word' sufferer. He claims
that the.word was altered after its receipt
by Miss Nevill, and the testimony of the
experts supported his claim. No experts
were put forward by the plaintiff.
Judge Hunt 5 refused to grant George
Monnier.a divorce from Violet Monnier
yesterday. Monnier sued his wife for di
vorce on the ground of cruelty, alleging
that Mrs. Monnier threatened to shoot
him and that on several occasions she
took- their minor children, to the. Cliff
House with the avowed intention of
drowning them... Mrs.; Monnier denied the
charges and blamed the. relatives of her
husband for the .trouble existing- in > their
household.
Judge Hunt not only refused to grant the.
husband's plea, 1 , but ordered him to pay
his wife $50 per month for the support of
herself and the two children.
' Judge Hunt granted Jessie ,L. Patten
Berry a divorce from William F. Berry
on the ground of , desertion. He also gave
to Mrs. Berry the homestead at San Ra
fael and ordered Berry to pay his wife
a monthly sum of. $50 for. the support of
the two daughters of thecouple. The Ber
rys were married at San Rafael, Novem
ber 23,' 1880. = Mr3. Berry Is a sister of Miss
Edith Patten, who recently : became the
wife of Henry. Clay Corbin. adjutant gen
eral of the United States army. - ,
Divorces were also granted yesterday to
Alfred E. Robinson from Mary Robinson
for 1 desertion,: Annle'.T. .Hasklns from
Thomas P. > Haskins for willful neglect,
Lavinia O'Neil from John J. O'Nell for
neglect and Oza Meyer from Louis Meyer
for extreme cruelty. . - - . » ¦¦¦ , . ; . . -
The trial of the divorce proceedings in
stituted by, Emma Lermond against C. G.
Lermond was heard before Judge Kerri
gan yesterday. Mrs. Lermond charges
her husband with cruelty. ¦>.
Grand Jury Investigates
Dismissal of Gases
by Judge Mogan.
"Wiffle" Is Not imOhey
ney's Handwriting,
They Say.
POLICE COURT
INQUIRY BEGINS
BUTLER, Ga.. Jan. 14. — The Bank of Butler
was robbed last night of $2000 tn cash. Dyna
mite was used to blow open the vault. The
burglars escaped.
Dr. Briggs' death was due to old age,
and his passing away was in keeping with
the good and kindly nature which prompt
ed his every act during his long and
eventful life.
cess ; attending Methodism since '< the
church established its first place of wor
ship on this coast, which was in "the days
) Dr. Briggs was not only prominent in
church affairs but in affairs of state. In
the early sixties, when California, though
far from the seat of trouble, was split
by dissension, the voice of Dr. Briggs was
ever raised to quell the tumult and to
lend support to the Union.
EXPERTS STATE
WORD IS FORGED
known as a man of sterling worth
and a preacher of much more than ordi
nary power, succumbed to the inevitable
at his home near Newark, Alameda Coun
ty, yesterday at the age of 81 yeurs. By
the death of Dr. Briggs the Methodist
church in California Iose3 a member noted
not only for his oratorical powers, bril
liancy of intellect and kindly disposition,
but a member to whomv.the Methodist
church owes not a small part of the sue-
THE Rev. M. C. Brlggs, D.D., the
eminent Methodist divine, who,
since September, 1S50, the date of
his arrival on this coast, has been
PIONEER MINISTER WHO PASSED.AWAY AT HIS HOME IN ALAME
;" DA COUNTY YESTERDAY MORNING AFTER A LONG AND EVENT
FUL CAREER IN THE STATE OF HIS ADOPTION.
Captain Hall was then examined.
"Was there any disorder among your
crew?" he' was asked. '." -
"The only disorder I saw was made by
two drunken waiters," the captain replied.
"I told the steward to put the men below
and tell them that if I saw any more of
them I would put them in irons. I gave
orders to the purser and bartender never
to sell liquor to the officers or crew.'»
The witness volunteered the statement
that on Christmas day. on the trip before
the Walla Walla was lost, he caught the
third and fourth officers drinking in vio
lation of the rules. He disrated them at
the time and went below to promote the
quartermasters to their places, but found
them drinking with the freight clerk. He
said he would have discharged them at
Victoria, but it was not an American port,
and he discharged/ the five men in San
Francisco. The witness spoke very high
ly of Third Officer Hughes, who was in
charge of the Walla Walla at the time she
collided with the Max.
• The Investigation will • continue this
afternoon.
Crew Was Orderly.
Peter Harold, a water tender on the
Walla Walla, was then called and told
of the coolness that pervaded the men in
the- engine-room. He said he did not
realize the steamer was about to sink,
otherwise he would not have gone below
and "blown down" the boilers. He
thought the collision occurred about
4:15 a. m.Y '•„
S. Williamson, barkeeper on the Walla
Walla, testified that there was a rule on
the ship not to. sell liquor to the crew and
that he always lived up to the rule. He
admitted he sold liquor to waiters, but
understood it was for passengers. To the
best of his knowledge the officers of the
ship had not partaken of any liquor.
Williamson said the morning the Walla
Walla sailed some of the passengers
showed evidence of having drink in them.
He stated that he remained .on the ship
until she sank; that he was picked up by
a raft and later by the Dispatch. The
witness said the discipline on the Walla
Walla was good and that the men lowered
the boats as if they were going through
the fire drill.
Frank Haughwout, an oiler, gave testi
mony that* was unimportant.
Second Officer Lupp was again recalled.
He swore that when Mr. Hughes relieved
him the latter was sober and knew what
he was doing. He said the steamship did
not sink bodily, but by the head. Lupp
said the Walla Walla went down like a
boat "shooting the chutes." He said he
examined the staterooms on the saloon
deck and found them empty.
i "How long was it after the lookout re
ported the white light before the ships
came together?" asked Captain Bolles.
"I can't say, because I was writing up
the log," was the reply. "When the look
out reported the white light Mr. Hughes
yelled 'Port!' I paid no attention to this,
believing that the course of the ship was
changed to get out of- the other ship's
way. Almost immediately, I think, I
heard "hard a-port" and then the vessels
collided."
Frederick Lupp, second officer of the
Walla Walla, was recalled. His testi
mony was similar to that given when first
examined. He swore that Third Officer
Hughes was on the bridge on the port
side at the time of the collision; but this
was in conflict with testimony he gave
last week. He then said Hughes was
standing 1 behind him in the charthouse.
Lupp neiterated the statement that
when the lookout reported there was a
white light on the port bow Hughes left
the charthouse and stood on the bridge.
"When the lookout reported a green
light on the port bow, did you hear him?"
asked Captain Bolles.
"No. sir," was the reply. "I was writ
ing at the time. But I heard Hughes
yell, 'Hard a-port!' Not hearing a reply
from the man at the wheel, I repeated
the order by hollering through the scut
tleand asked why he did not answer."
Charles Gleason, a miner, who was a
passenger on the steamship, told of his
escape from the sinking vessel and the
thrilling time; they had in reaching shore.
His testimony was no different from that
already, published. * '^
x "Blew Down" Boilers.
Lupp Is Recalled.
The Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers ex
amined a number of witnesses yesterday
In their Investigation of the collision be
tween the AValla/ Walla and: the Max.
Most of the testimony was- similar to
that already published. The Investiga
tors, however,, were anxious to thresh out
the' whole matter. Captain Hail stated
that he had discharged five members of
his crew the previous trip for drinking on
shipboard. He made the amusing state
ment that when he found two officers
drunk during that voyage he went below
In search of two quartermasters to.pro
mote to their places and f Qund them
drunk also. The captain admitted that
he saw two waiters. drunk on the steam
ship's last voyage.
Saw 'Drunken Waiters.
J. A. Sells, a mining man, who was a
passenger on the Walla Walla, testified
that two waiters on the steamship were
drunk the night before the collision. He
said they were in hi3 stateroom drinking
with Captain Gilbert, a passenger, and
that he became disgusted and left them
there. The witness swore that the offi
cers and crew were sober and did not act
out of the way. i
Mr. Sells', in the course of his testimony,
told how he assisted the crew in lower
ing boats and helped the lady passen
gers to leave the steamship. He stated
he did not leave the sinking vessel until
she made her final plunge; that he jump
ed into the water and swam to, a raft,
and was struck by the mast of the steam
ship when it sank. His testimony showed
that the members -of the Walla .Walla's
crew worked without excitement and did
everything in their, power to save pas
sengers. • ... „
P. Abramson, a sailor on the Walla
Walla, stated that he was asleep in the
forecastle; that he was awakened by the
collision, and when he came on deck ho
saw the French, bark, but could see no
lights on her. He said the crew behaved
itself and that there jvas no fighting In
the forecastle. • .• ' • "
George Peters, a member of the Walla
Walla's crew, followed and testified alons
the same lines.
On Former Voyage Five Men
Are Discharged for
Drunkenness.
Says Men W re Orderly
on Walla Walla's ,
Last Trip.
CAPTAIN HALL
UPHOLDS CREW
Rev. JVl. C. Brig^s, D/ D., 'Who Game Here
> More Than Fifty Years Ago, Succumbs to
the Weight of Years at His A ! ameda v Home
METHODIST DIVINE GOES
ON IMMORTAL JOURNEY
LOCAL SHIPPING
MEN WATCH KAHN
His Bill for Southai^gton
Shoals. Light Inspires
Hope. *
'Eight- Year-Old Request for
Quarry Point Station May .
v . Be Renewed. ?
a The fate of Congressman Julius Kahn's
bill asking for an appropriation from Con
gress of- $30,000 for the—purpose of estab
lishing a lighthouse and fog signal sta
tion \ on f Southampton Shoals will be
watched with/considerable interest by lo
cal shipping folk. The publication in yes
terday's Call of the fact that J the Con
gressman from the Fourth District had
introduced .and was championing ' such a
measure gave rise to much discussion in
maritime circles. ¦ . ' •
The proposed site for this new danger
signal is at the southern 'extremity of the
Southampton Shoals and directly on tho
line of tiie Santa Fe ferry route between
San Francisco and Point Richmond.
The shipowners of the port have for
eight years been trying to get a light and
fog signal. at Quarry Point, the eastern
extremity of. Angel Island.' They are now
speculating as to whether the Santa Fe
people will be able to accomplish for their
own exclusive benefit what/ local efforts
have failed to bring about 'for the good
of the shipping of the port in general.
Quarry. ifoint. is right on the deep chan
nel leading to Port Costa and otner up
river points. A light and fog signal sit
uated thero would enable the navigator
to I get his bearings and shape a safe
course at night or during foggy weather.
The necessity for a station at Quarry
Point manifested itself long ago. Ships
went ashore on Angel Island and on
Southampton Shoals;* navigation between
bay and river was and stUl is. full of
danger in foggy weather. The Light
house Board was appealed to, but, while
appreciating the necessity" for the aid to
navigation, was , helpless to act without
Congressional sanction and assistance.
A petition was prepared eight yeara'ago,
signed by every shipowner, river steamer
captain and towboat man in the port and
indorsed by the local inspectors of the
lighthouse department. Since then re
peated efforts have been made to get the
Government to take action, but in vain.
A Good Advice.
Come around and buy yourself a $15 to
$18 men's suit for $4 15; for. your boy a
waist for 15c, or knee pants 10c. . You need
not go without stockings when you can
buy them for 5c at the old Monarch, 915
Market street. Anything to make room
for the Adler Clothing that is traveling
across the continent now and expected to
arrive about the 25th and will be placed
on sale at 915 Market street, to be known
as the Lyceum Clothing Co. *
UNIDENTIFIED MAN FALLS
FULLY ONE HUNDRED FEET
Unfortunate Is Dashed to Death at
the Bottom of the Telegraph
Hill Quarry.
B. Gondolphl, a quarryman employed
by Gray Brothers, yesterday morning
found the dead body of an unidentified
man lying at the foot of the quarry cliff
on Sansome street, about seventy-five
feet from Gr'een street. At the polfU
where the body lay the cliff is
almost perpendicular and about one hun
dred feet high. The man's arms* were
broken, his clothing torn and the"* skin
peeled off the palms of his hands, evi
dently in .attempting to break his: fall
by catching -at the face of the ' cliff in
his descent. \ ! • ¦-
Nothing was found on the person of the
deceased by which he could be identified,
the only articles being twenty-five cents
and a silver finger-ring. He was about
40 years old; five feet seven inches tall
and 150 pounds weight; fair complexion,
blue eyes, reddish mustache and eye
brows, regular features and good teeth.
The clothing was a black derby hat, dark
blue cheviot suit, black necktie and
negligee flannel overshlrt with black and
white stripes. * .
The body will be held at the Morgus
for identification.
f Probate of Will Opposed.
The hearing of the probate proceedings
concerning the missing will of Mrs. Han
nah Downey of Santa Clara County, who
was killed in a railroad accident in this
city two years ago, was commenced be
fore Judge Troutf yesterday. Mrs. Dow
ney left an estate consisting of $12,000 in
cash to her sister, Mrs. Costello, accord
ing to the testimony introduced yesterday.
The will in which she disposed Of the
property, according to the claims of the
heirs, was made in 1888. Diligent search
on the part of the interested parties ha3
failed to reveal the whereabouts of the
document and the probating of the will,
which the attorneys for the absent heirs
contend never existed, is being . bitterly
opposed. Miss May Costello and Mrs.
Margaret Whalen, daughters of Mrs.
Downey's sister, testified yesterday that
they saw the document and their testi
mony was corroborated by T. J. Sinnott
and James Hughes, who testified that
they not only saw the will, but that they
were appointed in it executors of the es
tate. . ,
Laborer Holtz Kills Himself.
A laborer known as Holtz, aged about
45 years, committed suicide last "Monday
night by cutting the arteries of his right
arm and bleeding to death. He had a
room at 6 Montgomery Court and ha-i
been crippled for some time past with
rheumatism so that he had not been able
to work. Yesterday forenoon E. H. Jus
ten, the proprietor of the lodging-house,
forced an entrance into the room and
found' Holtz sitting in a chair with his
right arm slashed and his clothing sat
urated with blood. A copper cent was all
the money found on him.
Distiller Wueste Goes to Jail.
Joseph WuesteJ convicted of maintain
ing an illicit still in Santa Clara County,
was sentenced yesterday by United
State? District Judge de Haven to pay a
fine of $100 and to be imprisoned in tho
Alameda County Jail for thirty days.
TWENTY YEARS
FOR ROBBERY
Judge Cook Makes an
Example of Jackson
Williams.
Peculiar Case of John Sheehan
Heard in judge Mogan's
. Court. ¦
Jackson "Williams, the colored man who
was convicted of robbery by a jurjv in
Judge Cook's court Monday, appeared for
sentence yesterday. He robbed Harry
Carlson, a sailor, in the early morning of
December 7. The Judge sentenced him to
serve twenty years in Folsom peniten
tiary. In passing- sentence the Judge said
that robbery and burglary were crimes
committed by men who would, not hesi
tate at murder. Both crimes were preva
lent in the city and he was determined to
lend his aid in putting a stop to theni'by
Inflicting the severest penalty. He was
satisfied in Williams' case that if Carlson
had offered any resistance he would only
Jiave stopped at murdering him.
As showing the, number of these ' cases
recently,. Captain Seymour yesterday
compiiea a statement showing tnat -Bineo
pecember 10 eighteen men nave befcn heUi
lQ r robbery and fourteen for burglary,
and that there are seven robbery and m'x
burglary charges pending in the Police
courts. Besides" these there were nine
cases of grand larceny.
Thomas Calvin, the bartender who was
arrested along with Anita Clark for bru
tally beating and robbing Mrs. J. N. Foote
in her rooms at the Elysium, was surren
dered by his bondsmen yesterday, and
judge Mogan exonerated them. The pre
'"ninary bearing of Galvin and the woman
will be held Saturday, when it is expected
Mrs. Foote will be sufficiently recovered
to testify.
The case of F. H. Mack, charged with
robbery, was called in Judge Mogan'3
court yesterday, but the complaining wit
ne ,ss, E. J. King, 1237 StocKton street,
failed to appear. The Judge issued a
bench warrant for King's arrest and the
case was continued tiU>'riday. Mack and
another man, who escaped, robbed King
at California and Montgomery streets
about 1 o'clock Sunday morning, and a
silver watch stolen from King was found
on Mack, who was chased and captured.
The taking of testimony in the prelimin
ary examination of John Sheehan, known
as "Whistling Jack," on the charge of
robbing Sears a saloon-keeper, was con
cluded before Judge Mogan yesterday alt
ernoon and the Judge said he would ren
der his decision this morning.
Sears is a member of the firm of Sears
& Foley, saloon-kepers. East and Wash
ington streets, and shortly after midnight
November 24, while he was drawing a
glass of beer he was struck from benind
and knocked to the floor unconscious.
When he recovered the lights were out
and he found that $220 which he had under
the counter was gone. He notified Police
man McGowan, but said he could not tell
who the robbers were. He was confined to
his bed for seventeen days, and on the
third day, while thinking in bed, he came
to the conclusion that Sheehan and Billy
McGreevy were the men who robbed him.
He also testified that just before the blow
was struck he heard a voice which resem
bled that of Special Officer Joseph Mc-
Greevy saying, "Get in there! Why don't
you get in?" When asked why he did
not have McGreevy arrested also he, said
he thought it was best just to have one
arrested at a time.
A number of witnesses were examined
for the defense to prove an alibi and also
as to character. Sheehan denied knowing
anything about the robbery, and Baid.th.it
when he heard that, Sears blamed him he
went to the saloon and told Foley, Sears'
partner; that he knew nothing about it.
but if they wanted him they conld lind
him at work on the Santa Fe road.
Old Ladies' Home Needs Funds.
At the annual meeting of the managers
of the University Mound Old Dadies'
Home, held last Monday, the following
officers were elected, to serve for the en
suing year:
Mrs. R. McElroy, president; Mrs. A. M.
Sherman, vice president; Mrs. A. Y. Gar
ratt, treasurer; Mrs. E. H. Mitchell re
cording secretary; Mrs. T. P. H. White
law, corresponding 'secretary; Mrs. Wil
liam Abbott and Mrs. John Marshall, ad
jnission committee. The annual reports
of the president,, secretary, treasurer and
matron were submitted. They showed
that the institution, although greatly
needing more funds to enlarge the sphere
of its usefulness, was, notwithstanding,
doing splendid work in this field of
charity.
Knights of Columbus.
A council of an order new on this coast
will be instituted in Golden Gate Hall
during the afternoon of Sunday next. It
will be known as San Francisco Council
and will be instituted by National Or
ganizer J. J. Gorman, assisted by a select
team of thirty members of the order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JANUARY lo s 1902.
7
NOTICE
To the Public.
WE HAVE BEEN AP-
POINTED SOLE AGENTS
FOR THE FAMOUS
Jen ness--
Miller
SHOES
For Durability, Style and
Beauty they SURPASS
ALL OTHERS, and they
are made on strictly hygienic
principles. We received our
first invoice two weeks ago,
and —
We were surprised
To find these shoes
So POPULAR....
The demand was so great
for the Jenness-Miller Shoe
that the first invoice was
sold in a week. We there-
fore ordered $100,000 worth
to be shipped immediately,
with another $100,000 worth
to follow in thirty days.
We propose to
Supply the'
Pacific Coast
With the famous
Jenness-Miller
$3.50 Shoes.
We find no trouble to' sell tliern,
as they sell themselves. The only
trouble is to get enough of them
to supply the demand. Now, in
. order to make room for the
Jenness-Miller Shoes^ —
WE WILL CLOSE OUT ,
$75,000 worth
¦ »
— OP OUR—
SURPLUS STOCK
At 25c, 50c and 75c on
the dollar. ,
These goods will all be marked in
plain figures, on the bargain counters.
Now you all know
, LAIRD, SCHOBER & CO.'S \
CELEBRATED SHOES, which are
alt sold for $5, $6 and $7 a pair. We will
close out 1800 pairs of these shoes for
$3.50 per pair.
Cloth and kid top, welted*, sewed and
hand- turned soles, latest styles.
When you can buy $5, $6 and $7
Shoes for $3.50 this lot will not last
long. ¦*
OUR SALES have always been suc-
cessful because
We Do JustWhat We Advertise.
Bear in mind, you have nothing to
lose and all to gain by buying during
this sal*. If shoes do not fit or suit,
return them and get your money back.
Our success has been the result of 35
years of square dealing in the center of
San Francisco.
. You can get cheap shoes anywhere,
but you can get B9|t
GOOD SHOES CHEAP
at our .house during this sale.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH S TORES.
__________ , ' »
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PURE \^
GRAIN COFFEE *?r\
Coffee injures growing children ,
even when it is weakened. Grain-O
gives them brighter, eyes, firmer
flesh,' quicker intelligence and hap-
pier dispositions. They can drink
all they want of Grain-O — the more
the better— and it tastes like coffee.
, Alijjrocers; 13c. end 23c
A^XTSEMSNT'S.
CENTRAL PARK, |
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
'THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS. '
ADMISSION 250 AND 50c.
f|ji|j^ RACING.
'Sr Ruin oi* Shins.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2: IS p. rn. sharp.
Farry-boats leave £an Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and tbelr escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars ko direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
; Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. in. and Immediately after the last
race. •' ¦ ' .¦•...,-_ . | ,
. /THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President;
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
PJCCfipR'C CONCERT HOUSE
ri^y I1 P rLZ> Admission 10c.
Clarence; Dora Mervln; Mendel and; Mack;'
Frank Ferez; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton;
Hiaes and Kim ball, and HI nrlchs" Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday. ... -,
A Most Remarkable 'Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Free Trial Packa?3 Sent by. Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will wrltfe to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form .of sexual , weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. . ¦ . ¦
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, ¦¦, giving strength
and. development just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 .Elektron .building. Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages/will be com-
plied -with promptly. : The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
¦who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy It is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper ' reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that Its recipient need
have • no fear of . embarrassment or .pub-
licity... Readers are ; requested ; to write
without delay.. • .-¦ — - •„ . .
___rusEMEirrs. s :
f*fll IIMHIA-SMfMinscirj..
llULU IVB_DI #* LMIXO THEATEE j
LAST 4 MGHTS AND MATINEE SAT.
MODJESKA and JAMES
And Incomparable Company.
TO-ICIGHT «nd Friday ITisbti
"MERCHANT OF VENICE"
Thursday IClsht— "HEJCRT VIIL"
Saturday Matinee— "iiXRY STUART."
Saturday SfVplit — '"MACBETH."
A NEXT MONDAY, Jan. 20,
JjLKIRKELASHELLE
1 *W% OPERA CO.,
gE/JET" In the Eri'.llar.t Opera Comlqu«
' H\ PRINCESS
IV CHIC
_» SEATS READY TO-MORnOW.
JIATIXEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
, EVEEY EVEXIJCO THIS WEEK.
Tremendous Success if
Herschel Mayall, Laur*. N'ejsoa Hall and
The Grand Opera House Stock Cempanj
In a ilagr.iflcer.t Production of
"CL.AIRE AND THE
FOFtGEM ASTER."
Mr. and Mrs. Kendall's Greatest Success.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seals, All Matinees, £5c
Kext tl'eefc— EDWIN ARDEX In * V # DON. '
CAESAR DE BAZAX."
SPECIAL! FRIDAY, at 3:15 P. M^
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT
First Series.
PAUL ETEINDORFF, Director.
Seats, fl 00, $1. 75c and 50c. at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'*. - . .
MATINEE TO-DAY CWEDXESDAY). Jan. 15.
Parquette, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c: chil- :
firea. any part except reserved, 10c
GLORIOUS GALAXY OF STARS!
Kara the Great; Three Paiist Sisters; j
Arthur Buckner; Jacques Inaudi;
Girard and Gardner; The Three
Westons; Alf Holt; Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner Crane, and the Bio graph.
The Critics 6ay "The Best of Down East
Plays."
THIS EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAY.
RICHARD GOLDEN
OLD JEf PROUTY.
SEATS READT.
SUNDAY NIGHT-FREDERICK WARDE.
Sunday. Mpnday and Tuesday Nights
JULIUS CAESAR
Wednesday, Thurs. Nights. Sat. Matinee..
- THE MOUNTEBANK
Frtdav 2<i X ht VIRUINIUS
Saturday Night KING LEAR
SEATS REAt>T TO-MORROW.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
LAST WEEK— GET IN LINE!
Little Red
Hiding Hood
Monday. Jtnuary 2Cth.
THE TOY" MAKER.
• i"
POPULAR PRICES— 25e. 50c and T5c.
Telephone — Bush 9. ' ' •
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
F.rst Production in This City of the New
Romantic Drama.
FOR THE
WHITE ROSE.
Jl Superb Piay, dealing with the Moet Ro-
mantic Period of English History..
Gorgeous Scenery — Historic Costumes, etc '
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c. 75c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
In Preparation — "CORALIE & CO.'I
BjEL&SCO *"* THAlESAftf^
*^ *^ ocn cnrtiAu
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT — ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY,
luasniflcer.t ' Production of Augustin Daly's
World Famous Melodrama," ••
Under the Gaslight
See Snorkey, the one-armed soldier — Sea th«
Great Railroad Scene, etc.
PDfrCv EVgrs 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c
riilWC3 Matineea 10c. ISc. 25c
Next Week— "THE FIRE PATROL."
CHUTES ANDZOO ?V£0Z£l
BIG VAUDEVILLE fflLL.
•-LLA BURT / ..'
COAST3 TIIE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT — THE AMATEURS
And a. LADIES 1 SKATING MATCH.
Telephone for Seat* — Park 23.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY, JAXUARY I5TH. 3 P. M.,
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER RECITAL, ¦
Assisted by the '• ' • \Z''
HETSV VICTOR DISK TALKING MACHINE.
. fc |
ADMISSION FREE, but to prevent over-
cTowdinp cf the hali ticket* ehould be pro-
cured at ei^rman, <«ay & Co.'b Mueio Store.
Kearny and Sutter street*.
PALACE and I
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
nctels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district-on the other re-
tail Etores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and . the-
*Jers. Street cars to all part* of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance. :'irr
American and European plans.'
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasite germs.
The importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be 1 - overesti-
mated. It explains why ordinary hair
preparations,' even of the most expensive
character," fail to cure dandruff— because'
they. do not and. they cannot kill the dan-
druff germ. The only hair preparation in'
the world that positively destroys, the
dandruff parasites that burrow up the
scalp into scales, called scurf or dandruff,
is Newbro's Herplcide. ." In addition to its
destroying - the ' dandruff germ Herpicide
Is also a delightful halr-dressingr, making
the hair glossy and soft as silk.
Parasites Cause, All Hair Troubles.
' ' Prompt Relief for •;
0U Sbs, Colds,
6|li|S Jisthma,
/^EEpV Bronchitis,
fioarseness^SonZbroat
AP v ¦fcutXlS y\ iVrFVTTTS.BOSTON, Jan., 14.— With' a', fair : demand
noted ¦ and prices strong \ In j, the : . wool market
here j the outlook- is very 1 favorable.' ;i Manufac
turers are keeping In close . touch ' with the mar
ket and are taking fair lines, from time to time
at I present prices. < Now; that , the : stocks avail
able are by no means excessive and dealers feel
that the wools they are holding are good prop
erty some of them are disposed to buy wool: on
speculation.? . There/ Is - almost ' no •' prospect I of
any , break in - the price of wool . before the , new
clip .comns; In/ . Territory.!- wools': are :flrm 4 and
anyiots tobe had are at full rates. ;: Good lots
are quoted • on the scoured ) basis ¦ of 43®44c.
Boston Wool Market.
'WHEAT— Receipts, 240,350 bushels; exports,
139,130. Spot market easy. No. 2. red, 88«io
f ." o. 1 . b." afloat and 90c, elevator; No.' 1 Northern
Duluth, 87%c ' f .' o. . b. - afloat ; • No.'' 1 " hard ' Du
luth.-93%cf. o. 'b.' afloatr.i Options opened ex
cited; and weak i over the < reported 5 failure of a
prominent i bull ! at ¦ Chicago. ¦ \ Heavy . liquidation
broke prices lc a bushel, after which they, ral
lied-toward, noon on* covering and ; export . ru-
RYE — Irregular. , No. 2 Western,' 78% c f/o.
bl afloat; State' rye, 66@67c f. o.b. New York,
car. lots.- ' ;. - '¦ "- ¦'¦•;' "'',-' '[':.,' ¦:.,
NEW ; TORK,' Jan. 7 ' 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30,000 barrels;' exports,^ 17.504. Irregular and
nomlnkrat old prices, closing easy. . :,-. : .
' • HAY — L Wheat," • $0®12: \. fancy, : ¦• $12 50@13;
Wheat .' and . Oat, ' $9@12 50; . Oat, ?8 50@ll 60;
Hay and- Feedstuff s.
and Middlings rule very: firm at the re
cently ,; advanced prices, i Rolled ; • Barley ' and
Mixed,.Feed are also"; strong. In sympathy with
the rawgrain." Hay. Is 'still reported firm, and
whenever.- receipts f get heavy ; for. a' day or so
prices show ! no weakness. * , , ,-
BRAN— $18 50^19 50 per ton. v
.' MIDDLINGS— ?20@21 50 ; per ¦ ton. ''¦' •
; : FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled l Barley; $18@18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal- at the mill. $27@28; lob
bing. $28 50@29;. Cocoanut Cake. $20®21: Corn
Meal.'v $31®31'50:^ Cracked Corn. -$3150@32-
Mixed Feed. > $16 50@17 50. - - ; . - .; .. -T*.- •;
] NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— Special cable and
telegraphic 'communications: to Bradstreet's
show^ the following changes in available sup
plies'' from .' last accounts : ." ¦ _'¦,'¦"¦ ¦ . -
Wheat — United ; States . and Canada. • east of
the Rockies. ' decreased 1.32S.O00 bushels; afloat
for .and In Europe, increased 800,000; total
supply.- decreased 528,000 bushels. '¦¦¦
Corn— United States and Canada/east of the
Rockies,':' increased 72,000 liui.1n.li ' titlOntHWTIH]
: Oats— : Unlted States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 442,000 .'bushels. '.-'; • ' ¦ •.
Available Grain Supply.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as foi
lows, i usual • discount to the trade : ' Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, ¦ $2 75; ' Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, : $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, • $4; Oat Groats, : $5: Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, ' ?4@4 25 ; Cracked
.Wheat, ¦ $3 50; \ Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour; $3 25; Rolled Oats "(barrels)," $6 85@8 35;
In sacks,' ?6 50@S: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. . ¦
. FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers'" Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75<g>3 per barrel for family and $3®
3 25 ' for. Bakers' ; : Bakers', $3©
3 25. ¦,.'¦":¦¦ ¦¦¦ -:.. i.'/i -¦ .V,. : - .. ¦:..,,;) " .~
Flour and Millstuffs.
. n2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time!)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 14—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same Mate last
season, and rainfall In last twenty- four hours:
- - - Last This Lut
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ." '. 00 15.34 30.13
Bed Bluff 00 , 10.36 1.1.H7
Bacramento 00 H.33 \ 10.36
San Francisco .<» 5.!H 11.60
Fresno 00 3.25 7.02
Independence OO 1.38 '5.00
Ban Luis Obispo.... .«0 . 4.56 ,20.54
Los Angeles ...* 00 2.4« 7.88
Ean Diego ..00 «T7 2.45
6an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
fcO: minimum. 38: mean. 44.
The following maximum and minimum tern- '
per«tur>»s were reported from Eastern stations:
. Boston, 26-14: . Cincinnati. 28-18; Phlla
flelphla7S2-20; New York, 26-24: Kansas City,
t2-3*>- Jacksonville. 44-38; Omaha, 46-32; Du
luth. 28-jr. : Chicago. 24-20; Salt Lake City.
«2-28- St. Louis. 34-30: Washington, 32-20.
Weather Report.
• '. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . March. May.
Opening ......-..:.;.. 0 3% G 3% !
Closing .................*.. 6 3 -. 6 3%
PARIS. -•
Wheat — ' " Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening ...7.22 00. 22 90
Closing... .-...22 00 22 95
': Flour— ', '. . . i . *¦ . ', . :. ¦ ¦
Opening ......:....-.... .... 27 85; - 28 S5 .
Closing ; 27.90 ' '"28 90
WASHINGTON, Jan. :;' 14.— To-day's - state
ment of the rTreasury balances in the general
fund. • exclusive of ¦ the $150,000,000 gold . re
serve in the dlr1fclon : of redemption, shows:
Available . cash balances, : $170,894,900; gold,
$106,674,534.. . ...V " . •
Condition, of the Treasury,
NEW YORK, , Jan. . 14.^— Money ' on call was
steady at 3@5 per cent; closed offered at 5 per
cent; ¦ prime mercantile " - paper, \ 4%@5% | per
cent; sterling exchange was heavy, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87 for. demand
and, $4 84%@4 84% for sixty days; > posted
rates, $4 85@4 88; commercial bills, . $4 83V4®
4 83%; bar> silver, '55%c; Mexican dollars,
44V4c; bonds — Government, steady; State, in
active; railroad, irregular. ,
New York • Money Ma rkct.
Tintos recovered from 89% to 39% on
local buying. Double option, at the end of the
month is quoted at 1% per cent. Copper sold ai
£45 10s. . ' ..'-..-¦
The stock market ' to-day .was. brisk and
cheerful, especially at the ' close, on : reports
that negotiations looking toward peace in
South Africa are in progress. Home rails were
strong on expectations of . improved dividends.
American stocks' were narrow and uninterest
ing,' although there was good Dutch buying of
Baltimore and Ohio and > United States Steel,
while New York hoisted Union Pacific. . Con
tangoes were 4%. -'
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram • says :
j Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No.' 3 spring wheat, 7i?V.(i?76%c; No. -2
red, ' 84@85%c: .No. 2 oats, 45%@46%c: No.- 2
white, 47@47%c; No. 3 white. 45%@47%c; No.
2 rye, 62c; fair to choice'maltlng barley. 62(^1
t!5%c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 66%: No. .'1. North
western, ¦ $1 70; prime timothy seed, 96 55:
mess pork, per barrel. $16 75@16 80: lard, per
100 pounds, $!).50i59 55; short-rib sides (loose), .
$8 30® 8 45: dry salted shoulders, (boxed),
$7 37%@7 50; short clear sides (hoxed), $8 80®
8 90; whisky, basts of I high -wines, $1'32;
clover, contract grade, $9.90. . .
Articles — ' • Receipts." Shipments.
Flour, barrels 33,000 ' '.'34,000
Wheat, .bushels 87.000 40,000
Corn, bushels .164,000 / , 123,000
Oats, bushels 303.000 245.000
Rye. bushels"...-...;...... 3,000 . :' : " 1,000
Barley, bushels 84,000 33.000
' • On the Produce Exchange to-day I the r butter
market was easier; creamery, 15©23%c; dairy,
14@20c. Cheese, steady, lO'/i^ll^c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 29@30c. - . ; . .:. ;
The Phillips failure at Chicago resulted In
8000 barrels .of 'Pork' being : sold . out for his
account. Tho market cot only did not break
under the failure, but actually advanced, and
was strong, with light offerings and good buy
ing on local outside account. ,
.The San Francisco market shows no change
being Inactive and featureless.-
CURED MEATS — Bacon,. 12c per lb for'
heavy, 12%c for light medium.. 13%c for light
14 %c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured :
Eastern sugar-cured Hams> , 13c : California
Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $10@i0 50 per
barrel; extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family tv>m
12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear
$22 B0®23; Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef*
13V.@14c per pound. 1.
' LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per . lb for
compound . and. ll%c for pure; half barrels
pure, ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins 12&c
3-lb tins. 12%c. . ' 78 '"
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c- three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces
9%c: five tierces. 9%c per lb. '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and: Hops.
.' ¦ "Wooi • Is not • active because there - is " no t
enough • here for- an; active market. Assort
ments are badly ... broken , and ' consist of odd
lots. Oregon Valleys are taken up as fast
as they come'in.J Choice cllpg of all descrip
tions are exhausted, tfut defective wools can
not be moved. '•_.-• - ¦**"
There is a fair demand for Hops at tht f« %
mlliar . quotaUons. - and but a small fraction
of the crop is now held by the growers. raCtlon
. Tallow Is . firm, : and the supply 13 harrllv
equal\ to the demand, as a number of con
tracts . made , last fall have not; yet been fliw
' Hides continue to sell off -well at°steadv
prices, and there is no accumulation of mtZllf
"¦¦ HIDES AND^SKINS-Culls and brand"
about •; 1 %o * under quotations. Heavy «-uSji
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; - light, 9^-
.Hides, - 0%c : for -.. heavy : and 9c ¦ for' lS
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal 9jjc :
Provisions.
HONEY — Comb. 12®13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted,
5©Cc; light amber extracted. 4®5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% ©29c per lb. > *
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 0%c; No. 2.8@S%c: No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c: Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c, Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c:
Cocoanuts, " $3 50®5.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6«i6%c; 40-50-s. 4%.@5Hc; SO-Ws 4vl
f4%c; CO-70's. 3%@4Vic; 70-80's, 3%«i3%c;
80-00's. 2%<@3%c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial. $3: Dehesa. • $2 50; • fancy. $1'75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown
$t 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown, GV4c; .two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c. Bleached Sultanas — Fancy,
S%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%«; prime, 5%c;
unbleached Sultanas,. 5c. Bleached Thompson's
-^-Extra -fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice. Oc:
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice seeded, 6%c;- do, in bulk, fancy,' 6%c;
choice, 6%c per lb. '
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%'c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c-
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5%c: unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines 5@
5%c for red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 4c
for black and G0@75c per box for white.
Raisins are still unsettled, owing to the con
fusion over the naming of quotations for loos
seeded goods. The undercurrent of the mar
ket, however, is firm.
" Firmness continues to characterize fruits,
and as stocks are uretty well reduced every
where, holders are firm in their views. Nuts
and Honey are. quoted steady and well held.-
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦ Articles — . Open.' High. " Low. , Close.
Wheat No. 2— , v . .
January 77% 77% ' ¦ .- '76& ..-' . 77%
May .... 81 81% - 80 t 81%
July 80% 81 • 79% 80%
Corn No. 2— • ¦
January .... 61% 61% • ,60% 61%
May ..". 65% 65% 64% 65%
July ........ 64% 65% 64. • 65
Oats No. 2 —
May 45% 46% 44% , 45%
July ........ 40% 40% 39% 4OV4
September .. 33% 33% 33%. S3%
. I Mess Pork, pen barrel — i
January 16 70 16 72%* 16 70 16 72%
May ........16 95 17 20 16 95 17 17%
July ...16 87% 17 05 • 16 87% 17 05
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January .... 9 50 • 9 52% , 9 60 • 9 52%
May ........ 0 GO 9 80 9 60 9 77%
July ....9 70 9 85 9 70 9 85-
Short'RIbai per 100 pounds — , . -,
January' ¦-..„.• .... r 8 37%
May 8 55i 8 70 8 55 '' 8 70
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 50
for standards, $1 7S@2 25 for choice and $2 50
@3 for fancy; Seedlings, 6Oc@$l; Tangerines,
$2: Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l; Lemons, 50c
©~$1 for common and $1©2 for good to choice
and $2 25®2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit, $1@2;
Mexican Limes, $5@5 50; Bananas, $1 75®
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and $1@1 73
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $304 per dozen.
APPLES — $1 50@l 75 per -box for extra. 75c
©$1 25 for good, to choice and 25®60c for or
dinary; Lady Apples, nominal.
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c@|2 50 per- box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Five cars of Oranges are announced for to
day'3 auction. The continued cold weather ia
operating against the sale of fruits. "With the
exception of a few large sizes. Oranges are
selling slowly. Grape Fruit and Lemons con
tinue weak. Receipts of Tangerines are light
and the quotation is higher. Fancy Apples
meet with a fairly good sale at previous prices.
One car New Orleans Bananas came In.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CALL BOARD SALES... - r . ,:'
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock-r-^-No sales.
• Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, 84c. % • ¦ <
Regular Morning Session — May— 80CO ctls,
84c; 2000. 83%c; 4000, 84tfc.
Afternoon Session— May — 4000 ¦•. ctls,' 84&c;
2000. 84c. ¦ ' -
OATS— Offerings are not meeting with much
attention' at the moment, . but the market is
expected to become active ¦ when the Govern
ment demands are filled. The awards are ex
pected along' in the course of, several ' days.
Holders are firm and make no concessions. Re
ceipts are light. ¦ ¦ \ "- 1 -
Grays., $1 20@l 27%; whites. $1 20@l 40;
Surprise. $1 40@l 42%: black., $1 10@l 20 for
feed andi$l 20@l 30 for seed; red. $1 25@1 33
per ctl formfeed and $1 32%@V40 for 6eed.
I CORN— The Phillips failure at Chicago un
settled that market somewhat, but the grain
was taken freely sn the break, with, consid
erable professional buying. ',. . .
- There is nothing doing here and local sellers
report « the market very dull. • Large yellow,
$1 37%@1 42%; small -round do, fl 45; white,
$130@135 per ctl.
, RYE — Continues firm at 85@87%c per ctl,
with moderate stocks and . light offerings . in
this market. \ . ' ¦ .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 8000
ctls. $1 10V4- V ' ,
Second' Session— May— 2000 ctls, $109%:
2000. $1 09%: 2000.. $1 09%.
.-. Regular Morning Session — May — 12,000 ctls,
$1 10; 18,000. $1 10%; (iOOO. $1 10U- December
—2000, $1 11%;, 2000, $1 11; 4000. $1-11%.
' Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 10%.
' : BARLEY — The . feeling continues firm, . but
the market is very quiet, as buyers are report
ed well stocked and no longer in the market.
Feed, 83%@85c for choice bright. 8H4@82%c
for No. 1' and 80c for off grades; brewing- and
shipping grades, 87%@90c; Chevalier, S5c@$l
per ctl. ,. '
WHEAT r FREIGHTS— Are:" 1 much' lower and
weak, at' 28s' 9d, spot, usual options; Freights
from "Portland are also quoted "at 2Ss 9d,' a de
cline of j 10s since Christmas.'. • The 'chartered'
wheat fleet in port. has. a.'registered tonnage of
37,426," against: 49,555 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 17,363 tons, against
8400; on the- way to this port, 178,234 tons,
against 104,171... .' • »
;. WHEAT— The failure of George H. Phillips
on the Chicago Board of Trade , was ; the sen
sation yesterday and lowered prices all over
the . world, \ though the decline was . slight, as
powerful interests stood under the market, and
the large lines of shorts out prevented a panic.
Rye caused Phillips' downfall. He tried to
transfer his holdings of Rye to.Armour, and if
he could have . done so might have weathered
the crisis, but after some negotiation with
Armour the latter declined to take the Rye,
which at that time was 69c. Phillips waa
accordingly forced to throw up his hands. Rye
dropped to 60c, the failure was formally an
nounced and Armour took In the Rye at 60c.
There were sold for Phillips' account 5,500,000
bushels of wheat, 1,250,000 bushels of rye.
400,000 bushels of corn, 600,000 bushels of. oats
and 8000 barrels of pork. Wheat, -of course,
was very nervous and • excited under the fail
ure, but there were more buyers than sellers at
the decline, and the Northwest .bought freely.
Bradstreet's gave the world's supply as fol
lows : East of the Rockies, a decrease of
1,328,000 bushels; .Europe and afloat, . an in
crease of 800,000; net decrease, 528.000 bushels.
Liquidation was the feature at New York.'
This market was active on call at unchanged
prices, J but shipping grades advanced a f rac-
Sp'ot Wheat— Shipping," fl 07%@l 08% ; mill
ing, $1 10@l 12% per ctl:
iVheatiand Other Gmins.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— There . was a con
siderable disturbance of speculative sentiment
In the stock market to-day and . the movement
to sell gained increasing force. The weakness
became rather acute in the final hour, when the
heaviest selling of the day was done, and the
market closed active and weak and generally
at the lowest, net losses running all the way
from 1 to 6 points for the principal stocks.
There were tome special causes of -weakness
of . Individual etockts, wnlch anected tne gen
eral market by sympathy to tome extent, out
the movement as a whole was due to general
causes, wnicn have been gaining an innuence
for several aays pat t. Ail minor -. dliierence a
of interpretation over the standing 'or the ca»e
against the Northern Securities Company are
sunk- in the general consideration that tne le
gality of the combination is to be submitted
10 determination 'by the courts, and that the
value of Us securities is to be in abeyance
during a probable prolonged' litigation. Tne
tearing of the decision on other combinations,
not only those made but some others in con
templation, makes the decision of this case of
vast importance to - the whoie eecunties mar
ket. The difficulties developed in the several
Industrial combinations which... have suffered
from impaired credit have given rise to a much
more conservative spirit among lenders ot
money and buyers of securities. To-day'e up
set in the grain markets resulting from over
commitments in speculation, brought some li
quidation directly on . the stock market. Be
sides these general considerations. Wail Street
had rumors that a new bond issue by the Erie
Railroad Company was. imminent and on these
stocks of the company declined IVi and 2%
per cent. The Atchisons were heavily sold on
continuing dissatisfaction over the debenture
bond issue. Aside from these instances, the
selling was pretty well distributed. Thre .was
a period of some strength in the morning, led
by Manhattan with a rise of 1%, but that
stock fell with the. rest of the .market. . Glu
cose rose 3% in the face of the general decline.
Sterling exchange was somewhat easier, lead
ing to the supposition that gold may not be ex
ported, after all. this week, but the market
was little affected by this development and by
the liberal gains of cash on sub-Treasury oi>e
rations. The payment to r day of $«OO,O(X) in re
demption of -the Hawaiian loan assumed by the
United States will accrue to the benefit of .the
market. .'" ' ¦ '
Active bonds were weak, in sympathy with
stocks, but Eome less active issues held early
gains; Total -sales. • par' value, $3,675,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. • ¦ . - ¦ . - '
The announcement this morning that a prom
inent grain trader had failed '. to meet his obli
gations, . having been - caught heavily long : on
wheat," .corn and - rye, on 1 country account,
aroused great excitement., for \ a time on the
Produce Exchange, which was attended by a
decided - break . In prices. , May wheat droppeJ 1
over lc a bushel and .corn %c. Big stop-loss
orders were reached on' the decline and through
out the day nervousness prevailed In wheat and
corn. The country. was an especially big seller,
having been a persistent bull for the last month
or so on slender margins. One ' local trader
covered 100,000 bushels . of rye in Chicago- at
60 cents, the lowest price it has touched. | In
the afternoon exporters came 'in and .bought
about thirty-five loads of wheat, with rumors
that upward of seventy loads would be worked
before the day * r as out.- *Thls rallied the late
market %c and closed it steady. ,.¦ • . i ;•
NEW YORK STOCK' LIST. ¦
Stocks— Open. High. Low." Close.
Atchlson. 71,400. 77«4 75^ 75%
Atchison pfd 12,100 98% 96% 98%
Bait & Ohio.. .... '6,800 102% " 101 JO194
B & O pfd 5O0 96% 86% , . 96
Canadian Pacific. 1.20O .113% -'112%,. 112%
Canada. So 100 85% ' 85% 85%
Ches & Ohio...... 7.300 4G& - 45V&V 45V*
Chi & Alton....... 1.200 34% 33% 33%
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 77- 77 70%
Chi Ind.& L 1,800 50% 49tf , 49%
Chi Ind & L pfd .. 75
Chi & E I. ....... ..... .. '..- " 13334
Chi & G W 700 - 22 y,- 22% 22%
Chi & G W A pfd ..... .. .. .SiVi.
Chi & G W B pfd . 44
Chi & NW 1.100 205 204% 204%
Chi R I & P 2.200 154% 152^ 152%
Chi T & T........ 200, 17 17 17
Chi T & T pfd... «OO /I31% 31Y*, -31 :
C C C & St L 800 95% 95% 95Vi
Colo So. 600 14% 14*4 -14
Colo So 1st pfd.. 1,000 60% 59% 59%
Colo So*2d pfd 300 2S& 28 . '27%
Delaware &.Hudsn 1.800 173 .. 171W 1T2
Del Latk & W... 800 255% 253% 254
D&RG 200 44- 43 -' 42%
D &-R G pfd..... 1,300 91'4 '90% 90Vi
Erie 63,000 40% 39% SOK
Erie 1st pfd. 15,100 73 70% 71
Erie 2d pfd....... 13,200 58% 55% 55%
Gt Northern pfd... 1,500 185 183 -182%
Hocking Valley ... 700 67% 66%" 66%
Hocking Vsl pfd... 700 82%\ 8l£ --81 %-
Illinois Cent 3.000 139 ,137 137
Iowa. Central ...; 200 38 . 38 * 37%
Iowa Cent pfd. . . . 200 "73 71 ' 70
LE & W. ....... ¦. 300 .67 C5 05-
L E & W pfd..... ..... ..' . 123
Louis & Nash 7.000 104% 10354 ' 104 '
Manhattan L, ....... 15.8OO 138% 136U 13CU
Met) St . By ' 2.700 162 ieo& 100>2
Mex Central .....'2,100 2G% 26 «&fr
Mcx National .... 700 14% 14% 141?
Minn & St Louis.. ..... .... 104
Missouri Pac .... 10,800 101 Vi . 9914- 99%
Mo Kas & Texas.. 300 25U 25 "4a?
M K & T pfd..... 100 61% 6115'51't
New Jersey Cent.. "300 192 • 190 ' -189
New York Central. 13,300 163% ' lei'l \-l61»i '
( Nor & Western . . . ' . 4, 100 M ' - • 63 , .-. .; -. 65 %
New York Stock Market.
Sterling Exchange.- 60 days — . $4 84}i
Sterling Exchange, sight....... — 4 879*
Sterling' Cables i..... ¦.;.".'..'.....¦ — - 4 S8%
New" York Exchange, " sight. ...- — 07}a
New- York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Sllver.Vper -ounce .............. — 56%
Mexican- Dollars .-•. 44 V£ @ 45
Exchange and Bullion.
Los Angeles Summary — Light showers Fri
day back of Red lands and snow in mountains:
otherwise warm, dry weather continues In all
wctlons, parching the soil, drying vegetation
and discouraging farmers. Feed Is about gone.
Eureka Summary— Plowing and seeding pro
gressed rapidly. Grain is healthy and con
tinues making good growth. ' In tome locali
ties rain is needed.
Southern California — Warm, dry weather
has prevailed during the week, with light
northerly winds. Very little farm work ifc
being done, although eoroe farmers are plow-
Ing and seeding. Grain and pasturage are suf
fering from the dry weather. ¦ The correspond
ent at San Diego reports that Uie rainfall to
date is less than in any season since 1&G2-63.
Irrigation water is still plentiful in most sec
tions and is being liberally used in orchards.
Orange picking and shipping are progressing.
Cooler weather and rain would be very bene
ficial.
San Joaquin Valley — Cold, cloudy and foggy
weather has continued during the week, witn
no rain. Heavy frosts have been frequent, but
have caused no damage. The cool weather Is
beneficial to orchards and vineyards, but is
letarding the growth of grain. In the north
ern part of the valley early grain is still
In good condition, but the late sown is not do
ing well. In the southern districts the con
tinued cold weather and absence of rain . are
causing some injury to grain prosp<«-ts, and
pasturage is becoming scarce. Rain IS needed
throughout the valley. Plowing and seeding
are in progress In some places. Orchards and
vineyards are in good condition, and pruning
is progressing.
co&fec and' Bay Sections — The weather has
continued cold, cloudy and foggy during moet
cf the week, with heavy togs and no f%in.
xny northerly winds have absorbed much of the
moisture in the soli. In the central and north
ern fceciions grain is in good condition, but
making slow growth, and green feed is still
plentltul; plowing, £ee<Ung, tree planting and
pruning are progressing, and crop prospects
are very good, in the southern counties tarm
work is nearly at a standstill, owing to the
continued dry, cool weather, and grain and
feed are not doing well ; some farmers - are
plowing and seeding, but it is feared the grain
already planted win be a failure if rain docs
not come soon. All sections would be bene
fited by warmer -weather and heavy rain.
aacjanitmo Valley — The weather has been
com Ana io£gy moet of the weeK, witn severe
xto&t£. fio tun has fallen. Xhe teasonal rain
lan is con^iaerably less than average, but tne
euii is ttin in guod condition. Plowing and
eceding are neaiiy completed in some bectlond
ana piogressing rapidiy in others. The rain
01 the prececmg week was beneficial to late
sown giam ana feed, which are botn in good
condition. tarly grain is doing well, and
prospectb for good crops are excellent. Pas
turage is pienmul and stock is In good condi
tion.. W01K in orchards and vineyards Is pro
gressing. .
j^«t..e eu*ii giant it uccuing ia.ui ami warm
er \txMLUct 111 luoel fctcuOllt. ilie ectny bUVvn
tjDimueB in guou cunuiuun. uui : u maKint
t.o« uMing to cuoi weatner. in u.e
i.uiuic.11 |,»ii 01 tnc San ooaqum 1 auey, 111 uie
linn ruif valley, fciain ¦ pruepects are
tictiicuc, ' vim indicauuns ut a heavy
itcni 11 fcvetagt; conaiuons prevail. in
me cjLiiifciu u is 1 nets tne uutiook tor grain lb
j.oi. guua, ana in many places green itea is
u t ,. 1 iovmhk ami teeaing die progreso
iu^ ..uutvtr pra.cticaoie, anu tne woik is
i..dtU cuinpieteu in puiuons ot the. bacra-
Imtiiw \ auey.. i he cooi weather has checked
Um pi-emaiuje buaaing of aeciauous fruit trees,
b.na there tias uc-ta no damage by irost thus
id.r. urcuaiu^ iiiia vmeyaros are in good con
ciiuon. i'i uumg ana pianung are progressing
In some ee.u4.10uE. orange picking couimues,,
ana i&ige tnipnu-nts are ueing inaue. irrigation
vaLti- la pieULiiui, . anu ia bung used nberaiiy
in orcharus. ,*,:>*¦
Generally unfavorable weather conditions
have prevailed throughout the State during the
\. ctK. .\crth of tne Tehacoa.pl the weatner
Las been cold, cloudy and fuggy, witn frequent
i.o4>')' (AMcus unu 111 buututiu Cauiornia. ud-
I*"- t- -— / i..fch teniperfaiurcts ii&ve prevailed,
\,im \A*jia& » mac. m i<mi lux* ulicu tiavi
n e ..c cuu>^n <jii ine uonuwebtcru cua-st.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The meekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, Is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
EGGS — Ranch, - 26c for selected large and
24@25c for good to 'choice; store, 23@24c per
dozen; cold storage, Eastern. 18@19c.
CHEESE — New, • ll@12c;-. oW. 10@10%V
Young America. 12%@13c.per lb; Eastern, 13*»
15c. V- .•/.;' : .. •, ' .
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per lb for
fancy and 20@23c for seconds; 'dairy, 17% @
21c; .store Butter, 14@17c per lb: Creamery
Tub, 20c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c
per lb.
Receipts were 25,200 pounds of Butter.
pounds of Eastern Butter. 885 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 1700 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds . of Eastern Cheese. ¦•
Eggs continue to depreciate, as offerings are
In .excess of market . demands. Cold storage
stock is now pretty well cleaned up, being lim
ited, to a few lots of Eastern. There is some
demand from the north for ranch Eggs, but our
prices are still . rather high for that business.
Most dealers report accumulating stocks and
are anxious to . let go.
Butter is quoter rather firm . than otherwise,
as stocks are not heavy and some demand for
northern shipment . is appearing.
Cheese j continues handicapped • by large spot
supplies and the market is quoted weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON, Ja.ii. 14.— Consols,. 93%; .Silver.
25%;- French; Rentes, 100f< 35c;*; wheat -cargoes
on passage, rather .easier; -cargoes '.of ;iNo.' 1
Standard California. 30a 6d; -English country
markets, ' steady. ¦ . - y - • ¦ .-; -- -,'; •.
LIVERPOOL," 'Jan. 14.— Receipts 'of : . wheat
during the past three days, -164,000 centals, in
cluding 161,000 centals American; quiet; •' wheat
in Paris, 'quiet ; flour in . Paris, quiet ; - French
country ¦ markets,' . firm; I weather ¦ in ! England,
frost. ¦ ¦'•¦-'-. •
, COTTON— Uplands, 4 17-324
Foreign Markets.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Wednesday; light northerly
winds, changing to southeasterly. ¦ < ¦
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
• . Forecast Official.
, Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday,
with fog in the morning; light southeast winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday; not
bo warm: light southerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; cooler In northern
portion: light north winds. .
The Temperature continues below the normal
in Northern -California and from 6 to 12 de
grees above in Southern- California. - -
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 15, 1902: - -.
Cloudy weather prevails 1 over nearly all . of
California .and conditions . are somewhat more
favorable for showers on' the' southern coast.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coast . of Oregon- and Washington.' Otherwise
there has been but little change. : '-..:-¦ !
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The §ah Francisco Retail Butchers' Pro
tective Association gives the following retail
prices for meats: -
BEEF — Roast. 10®20c per lb: Tenderloin
Steak. 15i^l«c; Porterhouse Steak lS®°"i«>c-
Round Steak. 10®12%c: Stew Beef S®10c :
Corned Beef. 10@12%c. \ *wiuc.
VEAL— Roast. »12%®20c: Cutlets. 13@20c
MUTTON— Roast. M)@l3c; Chops.. 12@15c;
• LAM R— Roast. 12%®18c; Chops. 12%@25c
PORK— Roast. 12%@15c; Chopi. 15®l!c.
Receipts of Produce. '¦"
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 14
Flour, qrsks... 44.523 Middlings, «ks.. 280
Wheat, ctls..... 2.00O Hay, tons 33^
Barley, ctls 56O Straw," tons. . *33
eats, ctls. .. «5O Paper, car. . .* 1
Tallow, ctls.;.. 228 Hops, bales «u
Sugar, ctls 2,»iC0 Wine. gals. . . .".' 66,640
Beans, sks . 1.713 Leather, rolls... tt>
Potatoes, sks... l,7t" Lime, bbls . . 1R2
Onions, sks..... 14 Hides. No 6SI
Bran ska .. 125 Pelts, bdia..... 480
Shorts, sks 1OO|
STOCK MARKET.
There was a.fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with sales of
Continued on Page Elevexu
Retail Prices for Meats.
unwashed; 9%c for good green unwashed; 9@
9%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6®7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15e nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9%®llc nominal for fair t©
strictly good washed: 8%@9%c nominal for
gcod to superior unwashed; 9@9%c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%®15%o for
prime to fancy washed; 11®11%c for strictly
good washed: 10%®10%c for good washed; 9S
@10c for fair washed: 8®9c for mediusx; 603)
7%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10% @ 12c for good
to prime 'washed peaberry: 9% S10c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaoerry: 9®9%s
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 29@32c; extra
heavy, 30@40c per lb: medium, 27®29c: light.
24£26c; Rough Leather. 26®28c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35@3Uc for No. 1 and SO^Xia
for No. 2; medium. 30®37c; light. 29335c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40®42c; No. 2. 36®38c; Col
lar Leather,* 15®16c per foot: Trace Leather,
40® 44c; Kip, unfinished, '40®50c per lb: Veal,
finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits,
14®16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $26828 per ton; Stick.
$16® 18 per cord.
OILS — Lard is higher and China Nut lower.
California Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1, 70c; pure
$1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled. 72c: raw,
70c: cases. 5c more; Lucol. 58c for boiled and
66c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c: China Nut.
57%®«Sc per gallon; pure. Neatsfoot. in bar
rels, 70c;' cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels. 37 : V6c; cases. 42%c; Cocoanut Oil,
barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for Aus
tralian. .
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. in bulk
13%c; Pearl Oil. 'in cases. 20c; Astra! 20c-
Star, 20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 13c: In
eases, 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c; In cases
20%c: • 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 2«%c.
. TURPENTINE— 61 %c p*r gallon in casea
and 65%c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7f
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7%c. accordlns
to quantity.
SALT — Prices have again advanced. Liver
pool. $30@n2 f>0 for the best H. R. H.. $23 25(9
26 and $2C@27 50 for factory filled. Domestic —
Imitation Liverpool. $25 25*326; California
Dairy, 50-lb bags, $24@25; Rock Salt. $17®
17 85. according to quantity; Granulated.
$24 60®26 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $47®48 per flask for local
use and $44'S45 50 for export.
. SUGAR — The .Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c: Candy Granulated, 4.9Cc; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.80c-
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c: Beet Granulated <100
lb bags only). 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c: Golden C. 4.20c: D. 4.1Oc; barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken Tor less
than - 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos
half-barrel*. 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows-
Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S@19 50; extra sizes
higher: Redwood. $19<f?20: Lath. 4 feet. S3 9<m
4; Pickets. $19; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 75
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic, $25<S.>1. MnB
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Gram Bags. 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@H3c: Fleece Twine. 7%®8c.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins; Ap
ples. $1 0501 45; Apricots, $1®1 50; Peaches,
yellow. $1 20®l 65; do. Lemon Cling. $1 30^
1 75; Bartlett Pears. $1 25@1 75; Plums. 9Ccitf
$1 23: Nectarines. $1®1 90; Muscat Grapes. 95c
©$l 35: Quinces. $1 10@l 55; Strawberries,
$1 30@l 75; Blackberries. $1 30©l 60.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; P»nnsyjvama Anthracite Egg.
$15; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per
ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quo*es as follows: Pure Manila, 16c per lb;
Steal size, ll%c; Bale Rope. ll@ll%c; Duplex.
10%c. Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash
discount. Lots of 10,000 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb, 4c:
cases Regular. 4%c; cases. Extra Large. 4%c;
cases. Eastern Style. 6c; Boneless. 5%c; ' "Nor
way,"* 6%c: "Narrow Gauge," 6c; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, "Oriental." 6c; Blocks.
"Seabright," 6%c; Tablets, 7c; Middles, 6%@
7%c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless, 7%@8c: Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each.. $7;
Pickled- Cod, - half-barrels, each. <4. " ¦»
COFFEE^ — Costa Rtca — J3%@14c nominal for
strictly- prime to fancy washed: ll%@12%e
nominal for prime washed; 10%@llc nominal
tor good washed; 10%@12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 9%@10%c for fair to prtma
peaberry^ 10@llc for good to prime: 8%'gft 1 »ic
for fair; 6©7%c for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12%@13c nominal for strictly
prime washed; 10%@12c- nominal for good to
prime washed; 9@10c nominal for fair washed:
10%@ll%c nominal for good to prime washed
peaberry: 9%©10%c nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; 9%@9%c nominal .for superior
General Merchandise.
WASHINGTON
- TACOMA. Jan. 14.— WHEAT — One cent
higher. Blue Stem, 65c; -Club, '•' 64c : >. "-;...¦.
PORTLAND. Jan. 14. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 64@65c; Valley,. 64c; Blue Stem, 65@C6c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
. PORTLAND Or.. Jan. 14.— Clearings, $481,
304; balances, 574,642. ,
' Portland's Business.
a fair degree of firmness, despite a generally
cuiet jobbing Interest. We note few features
calling' for special mention. Currants are
Eteady, with some inquiry observed from inter
ior jobbers on both barrels and cartons. Bids
of 5%c for several round lots of fine Amallas
1& barrels for interior account have been turn
ed down. In raisins the market Is quiet but
firm, with stocks in fair control. Seeded in
cartons offer from 7%c to 8c for choice and
fcc to 8%c for fancy, according to holder. In
timations as to the probable opening prices by
the, syndicate on the coast favor a basis of from
7» 4 c for choice and 7%c for fancy In cartons
f . o. b. the coast. This means an . advance of
fully %c over the last price made. In Va
lencia layer raisins the feeling is steady, with
a moderate business noted at 7%c. - Some hold
ers ask up to 7%c. Sultanas are quiet and
without material change. In prunes the spot
market shows some firmness within the quoted
range. Coast advices still note a strong tone
there, with 3%c quoted on new Santa Claras,
four sizes, and 3c four size basis on old. A
wire on Oregon prunes quotes offerings on the
3'ic four size basis. In apricots spot Is steady
and some firmness is noted on the coast.
Stocks are said to be closely concentrated here.
Poaches are firm. In dates a moderate interest
is reported, with a little buying on the ad
vance. In figs a moderate buying Interest is
reported within the quoted range. We note
Ihe arrival on the Liverpool steamer of 53
cases and 1892 bags. Spot pears are very
scarce and firmly held, with 8c quoted
Inside." •-':
"On all descriptions the spot market shows
Mall advices from New York say
Dried Fruits in New York.
Beef Is In better supply and lower again.
Mutton and Lamb, on the contrary, are In
moderate supply and firm, while Veal show»
no change worthy of note. Hogs are aa i pre
viously quoted, several local packers filling
their wants at 6c. while otners are paying 6%c.
Wholesale rate* from salughterers to dealers
are as follows: ' - „__ • ,.
BEEF — 7®7%c for Steers and 6©»c per It>
°VEAl£-Large, 7®8c; small. 859%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%®8o
per lb.
LAMB— 9®9%c per lb.
' PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6O
6%c; under 150 lbs, 5%®5%c; sows. 20 per cent
off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dres3ed
Hoga. 7®8%c. _j _,; ¦_ . :
San Francisco Meat Market.
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1: Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $2@3; Canvasback, |2 50@3 50; Sprig,
$1 75@2; Teal, $1 25@1 60; Widgeon. $1 25;
Small Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack. $1 25; Eng
lish Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray
Geese. $3; White Geese. $1@1 50; Brant. $2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50. • ¦ •
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@18e; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5O(@l 75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks. $5@6 for old and $6@7 for
young; ( Hens. $4@5; youn£ Roosters, $4 50^>
5 50; old Roo3ters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50:
Broilers. $4@4 50 for large and $3 6004 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $2@'2 25 for Squabs. ~ .
Two cars . of Eastern Poultry came In and
sales were made as follows: Hens, $5 60®6;
old Roosters, $4 50; young do, $6; large Broil
ers, $4; small do, $3; Fryers and old Ducks.
$5; young Ducks. $7 60: Geese, $2; Pigeons,
$1 50; Squabs,- $3; live Turkeys, 14c for Hens
and 12%@14c for Gobblers. /
Receipts of local Poultry were light and th«
market cleaned up well. There was an espe
cially strong demand for choice young stock
of all descriptions. Only two cases of Dressed
Turkeys came In and there Is but little Inquiry
for them at present. Game is weaker, owing
to the thinness of the birds. Ninety- two sacks
came in. ¦
Poultry and *Game.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1800; steady; natives,. $3 55<@7 35: cows
and heifers, $1 25@5 25; veals, $3 50@6 25;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 50. '
HOGS — Receipts, 5500; market 6c higher;
light and light mixed, $5 75® 6 30; medium and
heavy, SO 25® 6 50; pig*, $3 6f@4 90; bulk of
sales, $6@6 40. . • ; :-' . ' » . . •-
SHEEP — Receipts, 700; market ' active and
steady. . . ' -- - '
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500. including 400 Texans; market steady; no
choice here; good to prime,; nominal, $8 60®
T. 35; poor, to medium, $4@6 25;jitockers and
feeders. $2 25@4 50; cows. $1 25@4 75; heifers,
$2@5; canners". $1 25®2 30; bulls, *1 75@4 50;
calves, $3(3)6 50; Texas fed steers, $3 25@5 60.
• HOGS — Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
40,000; left over, 4000; market 10c higher; mix
ed; and butchers 1 ,- $5 90®6 45; good = to choice
heavy, $6 30@6 55; rough heavy, $5:$>5@6 25;
light. $5 60@5 95; bulk of sales, $5 90@6 35.
SHEEP — Receipts", 14,000; sheep steady;
lambs. 10@15c lower; good to choice wethers,
$4 25®5; fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 40;
Western sheep, fed $4@4 75; native Iambs,
$3 50® 5 90; Western lambs,' fed, ?5@5 90. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Salted CalrVlDc: Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 18@lSftc; Culls and
Brands. 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30o
each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium, 65®
75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 73©3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 75®2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry, $1 75" for large, $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoraa. 73c; large and
smooth, 60c; medium, 35c. _,,_. , w
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%©6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%®5c; grease 2%®3c.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquln, 6®Sc; San Joa-
Quln Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County SfllOo
per lb: Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15%c; do.
fc &OPj£&loSfW fair and 11012c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers Quote 10®15o
for shipment.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14."— There was tumult to
day in the grain pits. For a . time j a.1 panlo
of depression threatened everything. • All ether
news was subordinate to . the failure ' of
George H. : Phillips to advance margins oh
his deals and the consequent' unloading of
many millions of bushels of After
the early wide and rapid fluctuations and a
heavily, short market had ! absorbed the Phil
lips stuff, • to the profit of \ many a bear, the
markets - quieted and gradually '.'came under
usual The close was much better
than had been expected. May wheat suffered
a net loss of %c, May. corn %@%c, May oats
%@%c and May rye 3c. . Provisions closed
independent, .10@12%e to 15@17%c higher. • :
'When Just before the opening of the board
the\notice was posted'at the-request of Phil
lips that houses having open deals, with him
close them out at once, ¦ traders became badly,
frightened, f Late last night ; it waa known
that' Phillips was in a- tight pinch to make
good his margins because j of . the small raid
on : his rye i deals | made yesterday. ' Bears ¦ in
the wheat I pit began ' augmenting the sine : of
the , load of long wheat which rumor credited
him with. $ Bulls , who I had been .wavering for
the past few . days became frightened, . and the
result was that whenthe starting gong sound
ed May wheat was selling. lc tol%@l%cdown
at ; 80%@S0c. Such- prices were bargains to
the . heavily • short bear : crowd and . everywhere
covering .was the • feature. \ ; But ' liquidation
both. by longs and the Phillips houses kept up
at a tremendous rate. The Phillips stuff was
estimated at five and a half millions, almost
all of i which .was put, out- at the very start.
The .large short account is "credited with hav
ing saved- the market from a panic. ¦ Cover
ing and: some late , bull support put the price
for May up again to 81 '/c, but the effect of
the -failure ! was still ' felt, j and -the ¦ market
sagged to 80%c. ' By. the noon hour the usual
conditions. began to have their effect and; the
market quieted down., The •> slightly ¦ lower
cables which were overlooked at the opening
showed .but .a small reflection of. . the weak
ness ¦ in* the' market yesterday and the con
tinued ¦ reports of no moisture in the . winter
wheat belt helped - press prices upward - again.
Some bulls ' came Into the market at the low
prices and -May closed barely weak, %c down,
at 81@81%c. \ ,. ;.
Corn .opened; weak and lower, i The selling
for the Phillips account was estimated (at half
a million bushels. Reactions were the same
as in wheat. May. opened 1%@1%c to %@%c
down at 64%@65c. Selling orders, were much
in evidence throughout the session. The cash
situation was dull and the salvation of the
pit rested almost entirely on the covering of
the heavy short accounts." After the opening
slump there was a sharp reaction to 65%c.
slightly above yesterday's close. The advance
was lost, . however, when wheat weakened
again. There was some attempt at bulling and
late in the session the reaction brought a
close only slightly weak, . %@%c lower at
65%c. , .. ¦ ¦
Oats had the same troubles to contend
against as the other pits. There were about
600,000 bushels sold here to close the Phil
lips deals. As in other markets, shorts were
the buyers. This pit, however. . showed a
considerable importance at the opening. - May
started %@%c lower at 45c, slumped to 44%c,'
but jumped back quickly to 46%c..,%c higher
than yesterday. A good many traders who
sold short at the opening were 'caught . for
losses, but after the ' early excitement trade
quieted , down and eased materially. Bulls
did t not attempt much support to this mar
ket. May closed steady, %@%c lower,' at
45%c. » - ¦ ;'
• Rye. the pit which caused all . the . trouble,
had the • hardest day of all. Yesterday the
"fancy" deal . which Phillips, is said to riave
started was raided by one or two elevator
concerns and at one time there was 3c depres
sion. Support had buoyed prices up,"- but
brokers became afraid of the , Phillips deals
and had demanded the full 10 per' cent mar
gin. He was understood to be over l,00o.m)0
bushels long and when his closing notice was
posted at- the opening May prices were: 4 %@
5%c down' at 62<g61c. The heavy liquidation
that began at once was more than this usual
ly small pit could stand, and May dropped
even to 60c. At this figure short covering
and long buying -by a prominent house which
absorbed nearly all the Phillips stuff brought
a reaction to 65c. The close was weak, -3c
lower, at 63%c. - .
Provisions showed marked strength and i in
dependence Immedlatelv ' after the' opening.
At the start there was a depression on the
grain slump, but outside buying, and an im
proved hog market buoyed prices < to ¦ a firm
close. May pork closed 15@17%c up;' lard
7%@10c higher, and ribs 10@12%c advanced.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK.-, Jan. 14.— The Cotton | market
opened steady. 2@4 points higher, and closed
steady, with prices net 1 to 6 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
POTATOES— 90c®$l 15 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas BurbankB; $1 25@1 65: Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25®1 60; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. $1 40@l 50; River Reds. $1 45®1 60:
Early Rose, for seed, |1 1501 25; Sweets, fl 15
for Merced. - , •,-",
ONIONS— $1 50@l 75 per ctl: Oregon«, $160
©2; Green Onions, 60@65c per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Lo« An
geles, 2®4c; String Beans from Lot Angeles.
10@15c; Cabbage. 40®6Oc per, ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1@1 50 per box and $1 25®
2 per crate; Dried Pepper*, 10©12%c per lb;
Los Angeles do. ' 16®l5c: Dried Okra, 12 %t*
15c per lb; Carrots, 35®50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 50c@l 50 per dozen; Garlic. 1%O
2c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 10@20c; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 15c: Summer Squash
from Los .Angeles, 75c@$l 25; Marrowfat
Squash, $S@ 10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $S3>
10; ¦ Mushrooms, nominal.
About all the Onions now coming In are from
Oregon, and most of them show the effects of
frost. Prices remain as before.
Receipts of Vegetables from Los Angeles
were light, as- Is usual on Tuesday, but there
was plenty, of carried-over stock offering, with
the exception of Egg Plant and fancy String
Beans. Prices show little change. Receipts
of Bay Cucumbers have dwindled ¦ down to al
most nothing : and the Quotations are wltn
drawn. . ' : ¦
Potatoes continue firmly held, being In
strong Bands. Receipts are moderate at the
moment.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Silvcr and Exchange as before quoted.* :
Sharp decline in Wheat freights.
Grain failure at Chicago disturbs Wheat.
Oats, Con: and Rye quiet and unchanged. ¦
Hay, Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans well held, but not active. Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions steady, with the latter showing frost effects.
Eggs zveak and freely offered by sellers. ••' '\v~ />'
Dried Fruits firm at previous prices.
Wool well cleaned up. Hops practically out of growers' hands*
Hides steady. Tallow in light supply and firm.
Beef lower. Other Meats about as before.
Lard Oil advanced. Nut Oil weaker.
Seattle Coal '50c lower.
Further advance in Salt.
Poultry firm and Game weak.
Local stocks and bonds still inactive. . -
NEW. YORK MINING STOCKS.. .
Adams Con 25 Little Chief; 10
Alice 45 Ontario 8 50
Breece ' 75 Ophir 77
Brunswick Con.... OS Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosi -12
Con. Cal & Va 1 40 Savage _.O5
Deadwood Terra ... ' 50 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver .2 00 Small Hopes. ..'... 40
Iron Silver 60|standard ' 3 45
Leadville Con.. 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — US Steel. ..... ...41%
Call loans 4%@5 US Steel pfd..:. 93'&
Time loans .....4 @5 ! Minins^- "
Bonds — ! j Adventure 18
Atchiion ,4s v?4 Allouez :..... 2%
Gas lsts 83 Amalgamated ... 67%
Mexican Cent 4s.. 81 Baltic 38
N E Gas & Coke. 56 "Bingham 23%/
• Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.570 [
Atchison ........ 75% Centennial »11 :
Atchlson pfd...... 96% Copper Range.... 53 '
Boston & Albany. 261 Dominion Coal... 55%
Boston & Maine . . 192 Franklin 22
Boston Elevated .. 165 Isle Royale. ...... 20 :
N Y. N H & H..210% Mohawk 26%
Union Pacific-,... 99% Osceola 77%
Mexican Cental.. 25% Parrot ........ ...28
Miscellaneous — Quincy 130
American Sugar. .117% Santa Fe Copper. 3
Am Tel & Tel... 159 Tamarack ..245
Pom Iron & Steel.' 25 Trimountaln . 14%
General Elec . 276 United States .... 13 %
Mass Electric... 33 Utah 21%
Mass Elec pM . . . 92% Victoria .......... 4%
N E Gaa & Coke. 5 Winona *;.. 50
United Fruit 86% Wolverine 42 .
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. - ,
Consols for money 93% |N Y Central 168%
Do for acct.... 03% Norfolk & West.. 67%
Anaconda 6% Do pfd.. '.. 94%
Atchison 79% No Pac pfd...... 102
Do. pfd..... 4... 103% Ontario & West.. 34%
Bait & O .....:.. 105% Pennsylvania .... 76
Canadian Pac ...116% Reading 28%
Ches &-Otiio..... 47% Do 1st pfd..... 41%
I Chic Grt W :. 23V4. Do 2d pfd..... . 11%
Chic M & St P...166% J3ou Railway .... 33%
D & R G 44% Do pfd 91%
Do pfd .93% Bou Pac 61
Erie 41% Union Pac .......104%
• Do 1st pfd..... 75 -Do pfd.. 91
Do 2d pfd CO% U S, Steel
III Central .. 147- Do pfd. ........ 96%
Louis & Nash.... 107% Wabash 22%
Mo Kan & Tex... 25% Do pfd......:.. 42%
J Do pfd ..54 Spanish 4s........ 77', 8
Bar silver, quiet; 25%d per ounce. . .
Money, 2@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3 per cent. • . -. ¦ .
The rate of discount in the open market for
3 months' bills 'is 3@3 1-16 per cent.
London. Market.' V '-,V;'-
U S ref 2s reg. ..108%; L & N Uni 4s. ..100%
U S ref 2s coup.. 108 V4 Mexican Cent 4s.. 82
U,S 3s reg 107% Mex Cent Inline. 31
US 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104
US new 4s reg.. 139% Mo, Kans *. T "4s. 98%
U S new 4s coup. 139% Mo. K St T 2ds... 82%
US old 4s reg... 111% N Y Central lsts.102%
U S old 4s coup.. 111% NYC sren 3y.s..lO8
U S 5a reg 107% N J Cent gen"5s.l33%
U S 5s coup 107% N Pnclfif 4s. 104%
Atchlson gen 4s..ia3% N Pacific 3s 74
Atchison adj 4s.. 93% N & W con 4s... 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103 Reading gen 4s.. 97%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 95 S L & I M con 5s.ll7%
B &; O conv 4s... 104 S L & S F 4s 96 ] 6
Canada So 2ds...lO9% S L Swstrnlsts. . 98
Cent of Ga 5s 107% S L Swstrn 2ds.. 78%
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 76% S A & A P 4s 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% So Pacific 4s. 93%
Chgo & Alton 3%s 84% Ho Railway 6s... 120
C. B & Q new 4s. 96 Tex & Pac lsts...l20
CM & SPgen4s.llO T, St L & W 4s.. 82%
C & NW con 7s.. 139% Union Pacific 4s..lO4Xi
C, R I & Pac 4s. 105% U P conv 4s 105%
C.C.C & SLgen4s.lO3 Waliash lsts , : ...118%
Chgo Term 4s.... S7% Wabash 2ds .. ...114%
Colo & So 4a &2Vd Wabash deb B... 67%
D & R G 4s 101% West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 89V' Wheel & L E 4s. 91%
Krie general 4s... 89'^ ¦Wis'Cen 4s...:.. 88%
F W & D C lsts. 106% Con Tobacco 4s.. 65%
Hocking Val 4%s. 108
Total sales 687, 500
..NEW, YORK CLOSING BONDS.
Nor & West,/ pfd.-. 5,500 03 93 93
Ontario & West. . 3,900 •-. 33% 33»/i ¦¦'. 33%
Pennsylvania 14,900 148% 147 ' 147Vi
Reading ...• 50,200 05% 53% '53%
Reading 1st pfd.. 2,300 81% 80^ '80%
Reading 2d pfd... 16,100 62 GO 60
SL&SF 9,300 61% 59& B9%
S L & S F 1st pfd 100 88 88 S5%
S L & S F 2d pfd 3,200 75% 73% 73?i
St Louis SW...., 700 26, 25 25»4
St L SW pfd 2,300 ¦ 58% 57# . 57%
St Paul .22,300 162% 160% 160%
St Paul pfd 600' 188 ISO 185%
So Pacific 19,100 59% • 58% 58%
So Railway ...... 7,400 32% S2& 32V4
So Railway pfd... 3,000 82% 92 02
Texas & Pacific... 3,700 38>/ 2 37% 37i/j
T St L & W .. .. 18%
T 6t L& W pfd.. ...... ..' .. 34%
Union Pacific ..:.. 58,700 101% 09% = 09 t /h
Union Pacific prefd 600 88 vi S7 V S7Ta
Wabash 1,700 22% 21% 21 Ts
Wabash prefd ...: 4.100 4l%-41^ 41 h»-
W & L Erie 500 17% 17^ 17%
W & L Erie 2d pfd ' 200 ' 2S% 28 28
Wisconsin Central.. 700 20V4 19%\ 19^j
Wisconsin Cent pfd 600 40% -40 '40
Express Companies — " :4
Adams • . 133
American '. . ..... 210
United States 400 104 100 100
Wells-Fargo > .... .... Ih5
Miscellaneous — '
Amal Copper ...... 41.200 68% 67% 67%
Am Car & Foundry 1,100 29 28% 28%
Am Car & F prefd. 400 85% 85 V* 84%
Am Lin Oil 100 15 15 15%
Am Lin Oil prefd .... /. ... 42
Am. S&Ref 4,000 45%' 44% 44»i
Am S'& Ref prefd. .... 96^
Anaconda Min Co.. 900 30 29% 29%
Brooklyn Rapid T. 7,90a 65% 63% 63%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 1,300 '87 85% 85
Consolidated Gas... 600 216% 213% 213%
General Electric... 600 278 277 J276 »j
Glucose Sugar 5,700 45Vi 41% 43V*
Hocking Coal 500 15 14% 14
Inter Paper 1,300 19% 19 19
Inter Paper prefd.. 200 75% 75% 75
Inter Power ¦ 200 87 87 87 ,
Laclede Gas . . .'. .... 90
National Biscuit .. 700 44% * 43% 43%
National Lead 200. 15% 15% 15
National Salt .... ..... 30 •
National Salt pfd.. 200 68 67% (56
North American... 200 90 90 90
Pacific Coast " ". . . . ' 68-
Pacific Mail 500 45% 45>,4 45^
People's Gas .. -'3,000 101% 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 40 39% 39%
Pressed S Car pfd.; . .... .... 83
Pullman Palace C..-': 300 218 216 218
Republic Steel ...:<: 700 .16%' 16% \ 1$
Republic Steel pfd.tX, 300 68% 68% 68
Sugar 46,600 121 117% 117%
Tenn Coal & Iron.'. '1,700 63% 61% ; 61%
Union B & P Co. .'.^ 200 13% 13% .13
U B & P Co pfd... 72%
US Leather. -.1500 11% 11% 11 Vj
IT S Leather prefd. .\ '200 81 80% 80%
U. S Rubber 100 14% 14% 14V4
U S Rubber prefd.. 500 50% ' 50& 50%
U S Steel 42% 41% 41%
U S Steel prefd 21.900 93% 03% 93 %
Western Union .... 1.100 91% 00% 00%
Amer Loco 5,200 31% 30% 30%
Amcr Loco prefd... 1,800 91% 91 00%
. . - . ¦ .¦ ¦ ' ' » ¦ -
Irou was quiet at New York. English mar
kets were a jlitle lov/er. Glasgow warrants
were (quoted at 49s 3d and Middlesboro at 44s
iy.d. . ; - ¦ ¦ '.-: • ¦¦•¦•¦ v
Pig iron warrants, $11012; No. 1 foundry.
Northern, $15 50@18; No. 2 foundry. Northern.
$15@15 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern, , $15 50®
16; No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $15® 17.
• Copper ", was unchanged here at "11 \ic for
lake. ll%c for electrolytic .and lie for casting.
It | was said, however, that the market was
even lower than the above prices to sell. .
' Lead -was unchanged , at New York, at 4c,
but at London there was' a decline of 2s 6d to
£10 5s. ¦¦;;-.;? ¦
Spelter was five points lower here, closing at
$4 35." London was unchanged at £16 10s.
NEW*YORK,.Jan. 14. — The local market for
pig tin . was ; about ; %c higher; at the close
prices' 1 stood at' $23 35 bid. London closed at
£1 10s higher, with spot at £105 and futures
at £102.: _..-. • ¦ :
New York Metal Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
. There is no further change in Beam. They
are quoted' steady, with scattering carloads sold
now and then for shipment.
Seeds are dull at about previous prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 60; Small White.
$3@3 25; Large White.' $2 90@3 10; Pea. $3 50®
4; Pink, $2@2 20; Red. $2 80®3: Blackeye. $3 50
Limbs, $4 40@4 65;Red Kidneys, ?3 50®
3 75 uer ctl. .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 S5@3; Tellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 4002 75; Canary,
3%@3V>c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
8iic; Rape. 1%@1%c; Hemp/-3^c per 1b.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 25®1 65; Green,
$1 25®1 SO per ctl.
Beans and Seetis.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Barley and Oat," $S®10;' Alfalfa. $8@10; Clover,
$6 60@7 50; Volunteer.- $608 60; Stock. |6®
7 50 per ton.- - • '•• -<^iti"i>A^'^l^<":, '¦'
STRAW — 30©47%c 'per bale.
; The market here for quarter-blood Australian
Is 38c scoured, with three-eighths bloods at 44
@4Sc, while Australian Liqcolns are . quoted at
32c. .' ¦ • V ¦ . ¦ . ¦ ¦ •¦ .' "
Fleece' wools are quiet, but firm, sales of
Ohio fine delaine being made at 28®28%o
washed, with some holders asking 29c. Ohio
XX and above are quoted at 27o and Ohio No.
1 washed at 26%@27c. - ¦ ; • .
with fine at 46@47c and staple at 48@50c. * For
No. 2 medium the range -Is yet about 37©40c,
with some choice ; lots -being sold at the ¦ latter
price. ¦¦.,,¦ - . .
Exporters took some lots of. choice and fancy
grades of evaporated apples, paying full prices,
which helped to steady the market.' The close
was steady and values were in sellers'* favor.
State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime, Q%@
9%c; choice, 9%@i0c; fancy, 10%@llc. ST-.
California dried fruits were quiet but steady
at old prices.
PRUNES— 3%@7c. " . ' '
¦ t APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9#@
, O £ EA CHES— Peeled, ;16@20c; unpeeled, 7%@
12%c. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦.-..•-.>-, -- , ', /
DRIED FRUITS,
mora. With a subsequent renewal 'of liquida
tion 'prices * broke, rallied near the close again
on late covering .and closed irregular, %cnet
loss. • March closed at 86%c; May, 85%®
SOVsC," closed \ se^c; 1 ' July, 85Vi@85 -13-16c, d
. WOOL — Dull. y ' ;
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. I 7 invoice.
0%c: mild, quiet; Cordova., 7® lie. -Futures
closed with a net loss of 5@10 points. Total
sales, ; 15,750 bags. Including: >• March; $0 65;
May,- $6 55@C 75; July, $6 70@7;* August, $6.30
@b 90; September $8 «5; October. $7. -
-SUGAR — Raw.-, easy; fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined,, easy and lower; No. (i. 4.10c; No. 7,
4c; No. 8, 3.90c; No. 0, i.85ci No. 10, 3.80c;
No. 11, 3.75c;; No. 12,3/tOc; \ No. 13, 3.65c;
No.' -14, 3.65c; standard A, 4.45c; confectioners'.
A, 4.45c; mold A, 5c; cut loaf, 5.15c; crushed.
B.Ifc; powdered, 1 4.75c; granulated, 4.65c;
cuoes. 4.90c. • .-.
I'Hifi SAN FRAKCISCO/ CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY f$b? laoa.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS;
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
New York < Grain and Produce.
8
THE COAST
KECOKD.
tea ¦ .-K E> c ' » *3
FTATIOXS. 3 : 3 |f| g,= £ = ."f
Mtcria ......30.16 *4- 34 XE Clear Too
Baker ........50.40 .. 22 KW - Clear -.00
Carson 30.22 60 IS
Eureka . .30.16 52 46
Fresno ..30.14 46 30.
Flagstaff 30.12 56 12'
Pocatello. Ida.30.40 48 22
Independence 30.16 52 30
Los Angeles.. 30. 06 72 52
Phoenix 30.04 74 40
Portland .....30.26 44 34
Red Bluff 30.14 48 32
Roseburg ....30.22 30 34
Sacramento ..30.16 . . 3S
Salt Lake.... 30.32 40 28
San Franclseo.30.14- 50 38 -
S. L. Obispo..30.10 64 46
San Diego 30.06 • 64 ' 56
Seattle 30.28 46 36
Spokane 30.48 32.26
Neah Bay 30.22 46 40.
Walla Walla..30.46 30 28
Winnemucca .30.26 50 12 '-
Yuma 30.02 76.50.
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 40.
E
';n
. NW ¦
• E
NW
SE
•S '
E
ME
SE ¦
NE
SE.
W
-NW
sw t
¦ N £,
NE .
• E
¦W
¦-N
. NW
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
-Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Foggy .00
Foggy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear ..00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy • .00
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy.OO
Carson 30.22 60 IS
Eureka . .30.16 52 46
Fresno ..30.14 46 30.
Flagstaff 30.12 56 12'
Pocatello. Ida.30.40 48 22
Independence 30.16 52 30
Los Angeles.. 30. 06 72 52
Phoenix 30.04 74 40
Portland .....30.26 44 34
Red Bluff 30.14 48 32
Roseburg ....30.22 30 34
Sacramento ..30.16 . . 3S
Salt Lake.... 30.32 40 28
San Franclseo.30.14- 50 38 -
S. L. Obispo..30.10 64 46
San Diego 30.06 • 64 ' 56
Seattle 30.28 46 36
Spokane 30.48 32.26
Neah Bay 30.22 46 40.
Walla Walla..30.46 30 28
Winnemucca .30.26 50 12 '-
Yuma 30.02 76.50.
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 40.
E
';n
. NW ¦
• E
NW
SE
•S '
E
ME
SE ¦
NE
SE.
W
-NW
sw t
¦ N £,
NE .
• E
¦W
¦-N
. NW
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
-Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Foggy .00
Foggy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear ..00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy • .00
Clear .00
Pt.Cldy.OO
THE COAST
KECOKD.
tea ¦ .-K E> c ' » *3
FTATIOXS. 3 : 3 |f| g,= £ = ."f
Mtcria ......30.16 *4- 34 XE Clear Too
Baker ........50.40 .. 22 KW - Clear -.00
AUCTION SALES
LAST CHEAT SALE OF THE SEASON.
THOROUGHBRED
RACE HORSES
— CONSIGNED BY
PAPINTA STOCK FARM. HQBART STOCK
FAHM. PALO ALTO STOCK FARM. KTC
These are sired by Imp. Candlemas, El Rayo,^
Nomad, /Flambeau, Bright Phoebus, Joe Rip-
ley, Imp. Trentola and Fonso, out of such
famous mares as Haldee, Eda II. Imp. Amalia.
Ursula. La Belle II Lovellght Francesca II.
Minnie Elklns. Miss Jessie. Ban Brook. Trads
Lots, Bonair and Nereid. . ..',,:
SALE WILL TAKE PLACE AT
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard Street, near Third, S. F.,
Friday Evening, Jannary 17,1902.
* Commencing at 7:45 o'clock.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES READY.
Horses at Yard Wednesday. Jan. 13. .
*S REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION *%_,,
jfc&at ARCADE HORSE MARKET. *5&
'Ml alXTH »t. WEDNESDAY. January 15, at
11 a. m., 30 All-purpose Horses, -1 Rubber-tired
Buggy. 1 lot of Harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.< LITTLE OAKLAND GIRL WHO
WAS THE VICTIM OF A MYSTE
• RIOUS AND BRUTAL. ASSAULT.
time to see the same man. wearing a black
mask, at her shoulder.- She insists that Jie
threw something into her face that caused her
to swoon. It is my belief that he struck her
with his -hand. That would account for her
cut and swollen lips. : She' says she doesn t
remember any more until she was awakened by
the man beating her. She was then in a wagon
in a vacant lot. She swooned again and the
next time she recovered her eenses she was
in the Receiving Hospital. «• >
All this happened | within a short space . or
time, for within an hour after she left home
she was found by William Keefer.and E. li.
Dimmick six blocks from where she was assail
ed, bound hand and foot and unconscious.
And. now comes the : strangest part of the
story: Her wrists were bound together by her
shoestrings and her feet were tied with one of
her stockings. After the stocking Bad been
. removed the shoe had been replaced upon the
bare foot. ' She was found lying upon the side
walk, her back against the fence In front of
Messina's premises at 3060 Seventh street. Just
back of this fence ' is a hedge and behind the
hedge . were found . the three parcels of ; gro
ceries and my cine, which Flossie carried with
her In the evenings. , The parcels had evidently
been placed carefully upon the ground, as they
SAN JOSE, Jan. 14.— Miss Helen A.
Marsky, one of - the prettiest and most
popular young ladies - of this . city, was
married to-day to; Marion S. de ;Rocco,.a
young business man. The ceremony was
nerf ormed : in > St. ',• Joseph's Catholic
Church by ' Rev. ¦ Father Walshe at 10
o'clock this -forenoon/ and was preceded
by a nuptial mass. Miss Ella W. Breeze
was bridesmaid and Joe E. de Rocco,"' a
brother of the groom, .was best man.- A
large - number of friends witnessed the
ceremony. ¦ • - '
After the marriage a wedding breakfast
was served in the' home of the bride's
parents, Mr. and: Mrs. .Emlle Marsky, at
80 South * River .. street. This afternoon
Mr < and Mrs. de r Rocco left for Sacra
mento, where .their: honeymoon will, be
spent. They, will; reside in San;Fran
,cfsco.' ' - •*'•¦"¦-• - ' ¦ :
CHABMING' GARDEN 1 CTTS"
GIRL BECOMES A BRIDE
Anders Olsen Sontesby rather coolly
prepared for ' suicide. Before sending ¦ a
bullet into his' brain he wrote a' note ad
dressed to . Chief of ; Police - "Wlttman^
placed it in an • envelope, put a ; 2-cent
stamp ' upon it and either left the letter
himself at the office, of the Chief of Police
or sent it by 'messenger. • The note was
dated January; 13, . 1902." and stated that
when the Chief opened It the writer would
be dead by hia own hand. The 1 suicide in
formed the Chief that $40 in currency
would be found in the stocking on his
right foot to defray his funeral expenses;
that he had ©aid all Ms debts and : had
settled up all his affairs. . Nothing: was
stated in the note as a reason why the
writer proposed making: away with him
self i* '¦¦'-.'¦'• ' . v. V ' " " ":'
Chief Wit tman sent Policeman' T. P.
Riordan to "the Adelphla House,' 909
Kearny street, the place mentioned in the
note, and having been admitted to Sontes
by's r&om saw the -dead body of the sui
cide lying on the floor with a bullet wound
in the forehead and a L revolver, close . to
the right hand. The money was found in
the dead man's stocking, as mentioned in
the note and was turned- over -to the
Coroner. " •«. : '"' ~ *,/ , ¦
The suicide was 39 years old and a na
tive of -Norway. "Ifbthins is known, at
the lodging-house as to his antecedents, j
Puts Away Money for .Funeral
"•"¦¦ ¦ Expenses. " T.
Anders Sontesby Pays His Bills and
WHITES TO •-' THE POLICE -
AND THEN COMMITS SUICIDE
Little Flossie is far from recovered from
the frightful shock of the" experience and
she is confined to her bed at her uncle's
home. Her father is dead arid her mother,
married again, has been living In Hono
lulu. The mother and daughter have not
seen each other for several years. The
theory that Flossie may have been mis
taken for some other child is not con
sidered plausible by, the police.
After an all-day search the detectives
uncovered only two points, that might be
of any service. The girl was seen near
her home on her way. from the grocery
about"7:55 o'clock. ¦ She was also seen to
leave ' the store and start toward home,
after securing -the ..groceries. A boot
black near * the store noticed the child
walking across Seventh street, south on
Market street. : The only value . of these
facts is to. verify a part of the. child's
story. .V. ¦"..'.', .-:.:'¦ ."-.-. . "
In the absence of any other motive we are
attributing the man's acts to insanity. . "We.
may not be able to establish his identity, but
we may at least explain some of the mysteri
ous circumstances surrounding the case. There
Is no question that the . child was bound hand
and foot and left unconscious and - the bruises
on her stomach and back are proofs sufficient
that she was severely beaten, but how did those
parcels of groceries, and the cane, get behind
the hedge at Seventh and Chestnut streets?. The
parcels were carefully handled, as was shown
by the wrapping paper, and what, man-kidnap
ing a child. would have taken all that trouble?
?It is certainly a most mysterious case and one
that will require a lot of hard work before It la
finally explained.
¦\Vhile*the police, owing to the vague.de-'
scription furnished by the child, are ap
parently baffled, they are redoubling their
efforts to unravel the mystery and are by
no means discouraged. Chief Hodgkins
said: '¦ / -. .. ' ' . .
were not torn- nor otherwise disturbed. Th«
case ' is the most singular that has ever been
called to my attention. . . ' • .
Detective". GedxgeV,KyteT : has made a
house-to-hou^e canviss In-the hopeof find
ing some one who might, have. seen the
wagon or the child and man together, but
he has been. unsuccessful. ; He said: , .
¦ I found one woman who 1 was sitting' by an
open window near where the little girl was
found. This ¦woman, Mrs. Massio, was watch
ing with her husband, who was ill. She can
not recall having heard the. slightest noise, yet
ehe was within a few feet of where the child
lay. . Wei found some fresh wagon-wheel tracks,
• but they might have been made by a . delivery
wagon which drove by Just- as we reached the
place. . "_ ¦ .
WALTER MOKOSCO'S WTLL
NOT TO BE CONTESTED
Oliver Horosco Denies That He or
His Brother Contemplate
Such Action. . ' ' " '
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 14.— There ap
peared In an * afternoon local paper to
day a sensational story to the effect that
Oliver Morosco and his brother, Leslie,
would contest the will of the late Walter
Morosco of San Francisco on the ground
that decedent had been unduly influenced
to ignore the contestants in his will. The
late theatrical manager bequeathed to
Oliver Morosco the Burbank Theater, ia
this city, but Oliver asserts that the
elder Morosco owned no interest in the-
Burbank; that it is and had been for
two • years his. (Oliver Morosco's) exclu
sive property.
Oliver- Morosco was seen to-nJght in re
gard to the publication and denied posi
tively that he or his brother had any in
tention of contesting the will.
"I ' am • surprised that neither my
brother nor myself received a legacy
from Mr. Morosco," said he, "but I em
phatically deny that I have given any
intimation that either of us had any in
tention of making a contest. I have
never given such a move a. thought, and
have no intention of doing so."
The escape'was ; made between 9 o'clock
last 'night and 6 o'clock, this morning,
when the prisoners were called to break
fast "It is the custom"* at the Jail to lock
the prisoners In -their -cells" at 9 o'clock at
night. It was after ' that - hour - that the
trio took the opportunity to break away
the last bar. ¦_ :¦ ". ¦"/
Caldwell. was to have had his trial to
morrow for burglary, Police Judge Smith
having held him to answer,bef ore the Su
perior Court.. He Is 23 years old. 5 feet
11% inches in j height and weighs 155
pounds. Smith, who was to. have been
tried February 20, is 24 years old, 5 feet
5% Inches in height and weighs 170 pounds.
Murphy is 24 years old, is 5 feet 6% inches
in height and weiehs 235 pounds. • -. :
Discovery of the Break.
Altogether the escaped prisoners sawed
twelve pieces of Iron, from, one to two
Inches thick. In order to deaden the
sound caused by the rasping of the saws
the men tore up their clothing and
wrapped it tightly about the bars. The
cloth was still about them when the frag
ments were found. The ' prisoners evi
dently took turns at the work and labored
at the most opportune time, when they
began the work the jailers do not-venture
to say. While the Salvation Army .was
singing in the jail Sunday last a visitor
informed one of the ' jailers" that he
thought he heard th,e grating of saws,
but the jailer did not investigate. -.
How- the saws got into the hands of
the prisoners is a mystery. ¦¦ After the
escape of Kelly and Case many of th«
privileges of the other prisoners were
curtailed and they were not permitted to
receive visitors. A search of the jail. at
that time, too, failed to reveal the pres
ence of any. more saws. Five worn saws
were found in the vacant cell this morn
ing by the jailers. Beside them was a
bottle of muriatic acid that had been used
to reduce the resistance of the steel. How
the bottle got into the jail Is another mys
tery that la puzzling the jail officials.
"When the prisoners dropped from their
broken cell to the pavement of the jail
yard they took with them a blanket and
a mop handle, to the end of which was
attached a hook made -of -thick wire.
These they used in climbing over the
wall They are supposed do have • made
a ladder of their bodies so that when one
man climbed to the top of .the human pile
he was enabled to reach. the coping. Once
there i he could . have 'fixed' the improvised
ladder that was composed of "the" hook
and strips of the blanket 5 in the wall bo
that' his fellows could join him' at tho
top. ' After the men reached the top it
was an easy matter for them to drop to
the ground by means of the blanket lad
der.
Were Well Supplied' With Saws.
- OAKLAND, Jan.' 14.— For the second
time within three weeks a jallbreak has
occurred at the County Jail. Three men.
who were inmates of the strongest cell
in the jail, cleared the way to liberty by
sawing through twenty-one Inches of iron
bars and climbing over the high stone
wall that surrounds the prison.
The prisoners who escaped are Frank
Caldwell, Fred Smith and James Mur
phy, all of .whom -.were awaiting trial
on charges of burglary. They were im
plicated in the robbery of the home of
Hermann Bendel and were part of the
gang of nine men who were caught in
a barn on Third street several months
ago by Chief of Police Hodgkins. With
them was captured a houseful of booty
and burglars' implements, their depreda
tions having annoyed the police and prop
erty owners for weeks.
1 The men freed themselves from bondage
in much the same way as did Charies
Kelly and Frank Case, who escaped from
the jail Christmas night, except that the
trio who worked out last night were com
pelled to remove greater. obstacles. *irst
they cut away eight bars of. flat iron
two and a half inches wide and a quar
ter of an inch thick that formed a portion
of the window o£ cell No. 8 in the south
or Grand Jury corridor, • in which .they
were confined. They next cut away a
bar. one and a half inches thick that was
in the grating over the window. Again
they sawed through two iron stanchions
that held an iron shield- over the grating
and prying it outward with one of the
heavy bars they. had cut away were able
to jump to the pavement of the jail yard.
After this escape was easy., for climbing
over the- high stone wall was only the
work of a few minutes. - -¦
The ten me$ who lost their lives were
the only persons in the pit and no one was
left to tell the story. An the bodies were
recovered, and as none was burned the
conclusion is that death was due to after
damp. The explosion did not injure the
shaft, which is a new one, and the fire
that followed was put out before }t did
much damage.
The sound of the explosion was heard
plainly above ground and rescuers wcra
at work promptly. The explosion occur
red at a depth of 240 feet. The machinery
was not injured by the explosion and
miners working at the mouth of the pit
descended as soon as it was safe. .
• The condition of the mine indicated that
the men might have made their escape.
The bodies were found within a compara
tively small radius. The fire was put cut
before it had reached any of them and
the last man was brought to the surface
before midnight. The victims have been
in the employ of the company for some
time and most of them were men of
family. . . . .•
The Milby & Dow Mining Company,
which owns the shaft, is one of the heav
iest operators in the Choctaw Nation.
The principal stockholders are A. Dow of
Houston, Tex., and John Milby of Dallas,
Tex. They operate mines at Dow, Gowen
and Hartshorne. Mine No. 9, at which
'the explosion occurred, had not yet been
thoroughly opened and It had no fire in
spector. Experienced mining men marvel
that the gas should have accumulated in
sufficient Quantities in a new mine to
cause such a disastrous explosion.
JOHN BEATAI*
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T., Jan. 14.—
Ten miners lost their lives in the explo
sion yesterday evening In mine No. 9 of
the Milby & Dow Mining Company at
Dow, I. T. The victims are:
JACK McCOY.
E. M. PBITCHARD.
JOHN BEAMAS.
THOMAS BLUM. ,-
Escape "Was Possible, but Em
ployes Neglected Op
portunities.
Saw Twenty- One Inches of
: Iron Bars and Flee in
the Night' -
Three % Burglars Escape
From the Alameda
County Bastile.
Bodies of the Workmen
Taken From a Burn
ing Shaft.
TEN MEN DIE
IN MINE PIT
PRISONERS BREAK
JAIL IN OAKLAND
-¦'¦ LOS - ANGELES, i Jan.'' 14.— Thred i men '- held
up ; E. l E. Po wer$. -. s a . well-known ¦ attorney, ' at
, the point of a : pistol tonight' and robbed him
of a few dollars and a valuable •watch. '
SACRAMENTO, Jan. • i 14.— Governor
Gage has appointed E.White, O. A. Hale
and L'.Upham 1 members of the- board of
managers of the Agnews State Hospital
to succeed themselves. . He has also . ap
pointed M. J. Daniels a member, of the
State Board of Horticulture at large, vice
T.,R. Rice, term expired. '
Gage Makes Appointments.
•And - all kinds v of Artists' Materials,
Paints, Brushes/ ; Canvas Studies - and
Skins and Wood ¦ to burn; We are agents
for - Winsor and Newton, < makers 1 of r the
best Artists' Materials in the world..- Come
to headquarters for. everything wanted In
the Artists' 'Material 1 . line. .Sanborn.-^Vail
& Co.; 741 Market street. • •
American troops. : . The ' loyal - natives,/ It
Is added.'-believe . this surrender will in
fluence hostile* bands In other sections of
Batangas -to t surrender. - .Those j prisoners
not charged 'with serious crimes * have
: been released. : . " '
Pyrography" Outfits
OAKLAND, Jan. 14. — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Frederick P. Bruns,
over 21, and Maud Madison, over 18, both,
of LIvermore; Henry, G. Holabird, 23, Los
Angeles, and Cora L. Evans, 23, Oakland;
Daniel C. Hennlnger, 25, Oakland, ' and
Maud E. Gooch, 22, Allendale; John A.
Smith, 28, and Audrey W. Hood, 21; both
of San Francisco. • .
Licensed to Harry.
was arrested several hours after
the ; shooting. ,'The policeman : had ; sep-.
arated from his wife and had refused to
support her '< and she had him.-; arrested
recently. He went L to the house to-day
and when admittance 'was refused .him he
drew his revolver" and putting his shoulder
to the dbor,| burst- it j in. He ran" upstairs
to his wife's bedroom, and ifired one shot
at her. V Her mother, 1 who had heard the
uproar,' ran to Mrs. • Ennis' , room, i Ennls
fired one shot at her and, mortally wound
ed her. He then left. the house, declaring
that he' would- kill. himself. ; .; - .
. NEW YORK, Jan.. 14.— William H. En
nls, a Brooklyn policeman, shot and killed
his wife and fatally wounded her mother,
Mrs. .'Alice .'Gorman, 'at Mrs. Gorman's
home early to-day. ... „ J : .
;:, Hale,'.* the chairman, explained -the ef
forts that ; previously had been made to
secure c legislation ; authorizing ' the con
struction of ¦ a cable to the Hawaiian Isl
ands.' He j also told the committee | of the
importance of early ; action in the matter
if anything was to be accomplished. >
" Speaking J for his • company, Ward • said
that for' a -great many' years- John.. W.
Mackay had: a great desire to see: a Pa
cinc cable laid because I of his being iden
tified largely .with the Pacific Coast. Then
he went over the ground covered in the
hearing before s the • House Cominitte.
In- opposing the : proposition • that . th*
Government lay, the cable, -Ward asked if
if were fair or • Just for • the . Government
to lay a cable in competition with private
enterprise and was it good business policy
for {the -United States to spend 'probably
$15,000,000 when it could get everything de
sired from a private company without .the
outlay of a dollar. : T. ; : ¦ t
¦C Senator Perkins ; remarked that. the con
struction J of this cable* was a ; matter - of
national pride with/Mackay.r-. .' : 
v Cook {declared' that his company;wanted
no subsidy, ; no grants All they did ask
was that Congress pass no bill at all.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day gave
a hearing to representatives of the Paclnc
Commercial > Cable Company. George A.
Ward of New York, president of the com
pany, and "William i Cook, general counsel.
were present/.'.'; • .'
Marisigan says he can prevail on many
more v men to surrender j during j the " next
few days, and also obtain possession -of
a number of additional rifles.';. General
Bell says the surrender pacifies, for I the
time being, all the eastern part of Batan
gas. ¦¦ - ** " : *'~**iffMR
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.-The War De
partment was advised late ' to-day of an
important surrender which occurred yes
terday • at - Taal, Batangas, -' Philippine
Islands. ¦ The. surrender . Included .one
colonel,* three- lieutenant colonels,^, one
major, five captains, twelve lieutenants,'
245 .men and 233 • rifles. > .Marisigan, the
colonel, was a leader of Importance under
the Insurgent general Mai var, operating
In the western, part of, Batangas." That
section is reported . now to • be : practically
clear of hostile forces.-: It71s stated sthat
the surrender was : ¦unconditional'; and * due
directly to : the- excellent "service 'of the
I The Filipinos who surrendered Included
three colonels, one 'major, five captains
and twelve lieutenants. They gave up
219 rifles and . one cannon. All the '[ in
surgents ¦ who ¦ surrendered , did so uncon
ditionally. General Bell ordered the men
released. ." i ;• : .,
MANILA, Jan. 14.— The full surrender
of the forces of Colonel Marisigan, who
with Major Cabrera gave themselves up
unconditionally, January 10, to: General
Bell, who Is . conducting the campaign
against the insurgents in Batangas . pro
vince, occurred yesterday at Taal. The
insurgents created a surprise by bringing
in sixty more rifles than the authorities
of the district suspected they had.
At the request of Theodore A. Bell, Dis
trict Attorney of Napa County, the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home has
directed that an investigation be made of
the cause of the death of James . O'Con
nor. Yesterday S. W. Bacitus, president
of the board, appointed a special commit
tee, consisting of Directors George Stone,
Dr. A. McMahon and W. J. Ruddlck, to
meet at the home next Saturday, < at 11 a.
m., and thoroughly investigate , the case.
President Backus instructed the | commit
tee to use diligent and impartial efforts to
ascertain the exact truth regarding the
methods practiced by the police depart
ment of the camp. Assurance is given
that all witnesses will be protected. Dis
trict Attorney Bell of Napa is invited to
attend with such witnesses as he may de
sire to present. The commandant is di
rected to request the attendance of the
medical director and. assistant medical di
rector, and to apprise • all the veterans
at the borne tbat an investigation is to be
held at the time designated.
Brooklyn Policeman Kills
"JflHfe, Her Mother and
'¦-. Shoots Woman.
Large Force bf v Fighting
Men Make a Full
Surrender.
Telegraph Company Offi
cials^ Talk to the
' '¦' ¦ >v« >'**¦• rr- ' ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦¦-ISi
Senators. \
ORDERS INVESTIGATION' '
AT THE VETERANS' HOME
JEALOUS RAGE
IMPELS MURDER
PLER IS MADE
FOR THE CABLE
riONEEB STEVEDORE
DIES AT BXPE OLD AGE
Daniel McXell. who was formerly en
gaged in the stevedoring business, died on
Sunday night at his home, 1706% Polk
street. He leaves a wife and six children,
two eons and four daughters.
McJCeil arrived in San Francisco in 1850.
He was born in Cape Breton, N. S., April
13, 1£L9, and after leaving his birthplace
went to New Orleans, where he was en
gaged in stevedoring. He came here later
as first officer of one of the many vessels
then plying to this port. He immediately
took a. hand In politics and teas soon
known as a power on the water front.
He was the first Pilot Commissioner ap
pointed by Governor Henry H. Haignt, in
1£€8, and framed the laws which govern
the pilots and commission at present. He
was associated with Thomas J. L. Smiley
in salving the steamship Golden Gate,
which was wrecked off the coast of Mex
ico. He made and lost several fortunes,
WAR WEARIES
THE FILIPINOS
a squad of policemen searched for the
mysterious assailant and to-day Chief
Hodgkins detailed Detectives Kyte, Hol
land and Shorey and Patrolman McCloud,
the child's uncle, to work on the 'case, but
all their efforts have been fruitless. In
the absence of a motive for the attack
the police are working upon the theory
that the man was a maniac, but whatever
the condition of his mind he has shown
sufficient cunning to completely cover his
tracks, so that not the slightest clew that
might help establish his identity can be
found. And the child sticks to the story
she told when she first regained con
sciousness last night at the Receiving:
Hospital.
Policeman McCloud, her uncle, said:
Flossie insists upon the story' she told last
night, but I think she must be mistaken in
some of the minor details. 6he left our home
at 705 Market street shortly . before 8 o'clock
and went to a grocery store at Seventh and
The Philippines were the subject of an
address by Hoar of Massachusetts, who
spoke on his resolution introduced yester
day providing for the appointment of a
Senate committee to investigate the ad
ministration of those islands. Hoar spoke
at some length regarding the unreliability
of statements which have been made from
time to time regarding the situation in
the Philippines and the causes which led
to the outbreak.
, Lodge, Hoar's colleague, said he regard
ed the resolution as a reflection on the
Philippine Committee, of which he' is
chairman, and the necessity for the latter
would cease were this resolution adopted.
The discussion was leading rapidly to an
opening of the whole .Philippine question
when it. was agreed that the resolution
should go over until tq^norrow.
Mason of Illinois made a speech in favor
of reciprocity with Cuba; and discussed
the protective policy generally.
The House continued the debate on the
pension appropriation bill to-day, arid de
voted much time to the proposition made
by Rixey of Virginia yesterday to open
the doors of the Soldiers' Homes to ex-
Confederate veterans. Two notabie
speeches were made in support of the
proposition, one by Gardner, a Michigan
Republican, and the other by De Armond,
a Missouri Democrat. De Annond's elo
quence aroused both sides of the House.
The Republicans, with the exception of
Gardner, took no part In the discussion
of the Rixey suggestion, which met with
much opposition on the Democratic side
on the ground that it was utterly Imprac
ticable.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— For the first
time this session .the Philippine question
was touched on in the Senate to-day. x The
interest taken indicates that it will oc
cupy the attention of the upper branch
of Congress for some time when the tariff
bill is reported.
Controversy About the
Philippines Begins in
Senate.
HOAR DOUBTS
TIE STATEMENTS
M:n's and ladies* shoes that cost $2 50
each and- every pair of them are being
now sold for Jl a pair at the manufacturr
ers' sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market street, near Third. •
No Time to Lose.
A. Ij. Anderson of Grass Valley. Cal.,
is sick with pneumonia and is expected
to die at any moment. ...
Samuel Crescenro, ex-District, Attorney of
Eureka County, died on January 10. His body
wa« taken to Austin, where the funeral was
held Tuesday.
Another death is that of Frederick B. Par
ker, 5S years old, a t.ative. of Corpus Chrlsti.
H» was a grandson of Dr. William B. ParHer,
oa» of the earliest . settlers of Texas. During
the Apache wars he acted as interpreter of
Spanish for the army generals. His death was
, unexpected.
Alexander Palm. 60 years of acre, formerly o£
Lida Velley and a pioneer of this State.
James Terrell of Tusearora, Nev., died last.
Thursday and was buried on Saturday. A short
tirre before he wap stricken by the disease he
had written for hi" wife to Join him, »nd she
was on the . way to Tonopah when he died.
Sh» arrived there on Saturday evening, only
to. learn that her husband had been buried that
afternoon. •
Elmer Dunlap, aged 56 years, died January
5. lifter a week's IllncEB. Dunlap served In
the Civil War in Company F, Fortieth Mis
souri Volunteer Infantry. He was one of the
first . sattlers of Tonopah and wss part owner
in several rich claims. He made out hU will
just before his death and ieft his fortune to hie
partners In the mining business, with the ex
ception of $500 bequeathed to the Miners'
Union of Tonopah. • . •
Thomas Uunn, aged &0 years, a native of
Nova Scotia, formerly of Eureka, Nevada
City and Bodie. Cal. He was a foreman, of
the St. dair and Golden mines. He was ill
one week.
George Thompson, aged 4S, formerly of Aus
tin, New, died after a few days' Illness.
Robert Chrysler died on January 10; ill but a
few days.
Samuel fi. Robinson, aired €4, a resident of,
I>elamar, - Nev., died on January 8.
Arthur Georjre. 40 years old, a native 1 of
Pennsylvania. He was a coueih of the late
Henry George. He came to Tonapah laet De
cember and engaged in mining. His illness
was of three daye* duration.
Horace C. Adams, aged 4? yeari, a native
of New York City. He died after an illness of
eifht days. He web vice president of the
Miners' Union of Tonopah.
A peculiar feature of the epidemic that
has caused an average death rate of more
than two a day for the past several weeks
is that few women or children' have been
afflicted. This fact adds to the mystery
of the strange disease, which, in all of
its developments, has puzzled the phy
sicians.
The following is the death list of th«»
past week in Tonopah, as nearly as it
could be obtained:
RENO, Jan. 14.— From Tonopah,. the
plague-stricken mining camp, .came the
cheering news to-night that the pneumo*
nia epidemic appeared to be on the wane.
Nearly all of the patients are progress
ing favorably, and It is believed there will
be a marked diminution in the death rate
from this time on. Physicians will be
sent by the State to assist the local medi
cal men in coping with the disease.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Captain Wilson says the new company
has no intention at present of doing any
business outside of the port of San Fran
cisco, but may in time extend its lines
into other fields.
The subscribers named in the articles of
Incorporation are as follows:* H. P. WH
eon, $24,800; J. H. Bennett, $S310; E: T.
Cooper, S8180; B. H. Madison. $15,380; J.
TL Bruce, $11,530; J. H. Sellers, 523.0C0; M.
J. Madison. $7630; H. B. Madison, $19,220;
H. W. Goodall, $138,030— total. 5316,200.
The directors named are H. "W. Goodall,
J. W. Bennett, H. P. Wilson, J. H. Sellers
and Edwin T. Cooper.
Articles of incorporation were filed yes
terday by the Western Repair and Sup
ply Company. Those who are named as
stockholders and directors of the new
company are intimately connected with
the shipping interests of this port. At
the head of the board of directors is H.
W. Goodall of the firm of Goodall. Per
kins & Co., the owners of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. It is said the
new company intends making a bid for
a Government transportation contract in
case the army transports are taken off
the Philippine run.
According to a Etatement made last
night by Captain H. P. Wilson, who is
named as one of the directors, the com
pany is formed by the consolidation of
two firms — the Lewis E. Spear Company,
composed of Lewis Spear, president, and
H. P. Wilson, secretary, and Madison,
Bruce & Sellers, of which B. H. Madison'
is the president and H. B. Madison the
serretary*and treasurer. _
New Company Formed.
T hardly think .".ny such proposition could
possibly he made. It is safe enough, whatever
we do about the transport*, to go upon the
assumption that the Government will always
ship He men from San Francisco, and as a
natural course of events most of the Govern
ment' f freight will follow the route over which
its m«a go.
When the Government comes to make thiB
new contract we shall be very cold-blooded
about it. and we shall make & contract that
will be to the Government's advantage. I can
not see how any company operating, or propos
ing to operate, from Seattle -can possibly make
a proposition u> us that would even partly off
set the abandonment of the Government's plant
in San Francisco «t the Presidio.
I have acked Congress for authority to give
¦up the transport* and make & contract with
a private company or companies for doing this
burners, but I hardly think the chanpe is one
ttiat is likely to take place immediately. Your
inquiry as to the effect it wil\ have upon San
Francisco business is one, however, which I
u answer in a. general way.
Secretary of War Root was Interviewed
yesterday at Washington in reference to
vhe matter, llis remarks are certainly
assuring and it at present looks as if San
Francisco will retain the military traifle.
yet a number of the commercial men of
San Francisco claim that the moment the
transportation of troops is let by contract
this city will lose the soldier trade. Sec
retary Root said:
Boot Favors San Francisco.
Tes, I leave lor New Tork to-morrow. Presi
dent Farrell of the Pacific Coast Company and
myself have been asked to po East at once. 1
am not poing- East especially in reference to
the transport contract, but I expect that I will
attend to the matter while I am there. The
Pacific Coast Steamehip Company is not com
posed of stockholders that are sentimental, anil
aC course if we could secure a big contract we
would accent it.
Telegrams Sent to Washington.
A. number of the members of the Cham
ber of Commerce met yesterday in execu
tive session with George A. Newhall as
chairman. Telegrams were sent to Wash
ington, asking- the California representa
tives to use ail means to induce the United
States Government to continue transport
ing troops under the direction of the War
Department and not by public contract.
Little help is expeered from Senator
George C. Perkins in this direction, as he
Is a prominent officer in the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company and this corporation
is not leaving a stone unturned in its ef
fort to secure the contract.
Charles M. Goodall in an interview yes
terday said:
To-day Charles M. Goodall of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company and President
James D. Farrell of the Pacific Coast
Company of Seattle will leave for the
Kast with the express purpose of usinsr
every influence toward getting Secretary
of War Root to grant them the contract
of transporting troops to and from the
Philippines.
What action Congress will take is a
momentous question. Influence will have
to be brought to bear at once by all com
mercial men of this city. Energetic steps
ure being taken by the business men of
Sound cities to secure the War De
partment contract for transporting troops.
Should the Government award this con
tract to a private company the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company would in all
probability secure it- James J. Hill is
assisting this company toward this end
and la'event of its success he would
carry ell soldiers over the Great Northern
road to end from the East and ship them
from Seattle.
San Francisco business men arc bestir
ring themselves in the matter of perpetu
ating this city as the headquarters of the
kJovernment transport service with the
I'hilippines.
Plague Grows Less. Virulent
and Death Rate Will
Diminish.
ness Here.
Local Merchants Striving to
Keep Transport Busi-
Cheering News # Comes
Prom the^Tonopah
Go East.
Pacific Coast Steamship
Company Officials
EPIDEMIC NOW
ON THE WANE
PERKINS WANTS
ARMY CONTRACT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15,
OAKLAND,. Jan. 14.— The mysteri
ous attack upon 13-yearrold Flos
sie White last evening by an un
known" man, who concealed his
features by a black mask, is baf
fling the local police force. All last night
Market streets, where , she ¦ purchased three ¦
small panlela of grocerUo. As i she* was re- g
turning home she noticed a tall man with
long, white hair, wearing a long overcoat, In
front of her. "When he reached Fifth and ¦ .
Market streets he turned Into a doorway and :
she passed him. As she crossed Fifth street
she heard quick steps behind her and turned iri^.
Child Who Was FoundV Bound in .Vacant Lot Sticks to Story She
First Told About Assailant in Black Mask arid . Police Search
Night and Day for the Miscreant ¦'.\^lfo|Ma||0w^3lyJ^tt?re^
OAKLAND HAS A REAL MYSTERY
IN THE CASE OF FLOSSIE WHITE
9
ATty f.TJ.TTRTTMKM'Pa,
GRAPE-NUTS.
JMeffinMood
children represent perfect
arid healthy childhood;;.
'". SE1JD A POSTAL FOR A FREB
: SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
Mellin's Food : Co., Boston,- Mass. !¦
PRICE PER POUND.
How Lluch. Is Good Solid Flesh
WorthT
When a little tot that can hardly talk
plain calls out for Grape-Nuts before she
gets up from the bed In the morning
there must be something pleasing about
the foou.
Her father says; "I can safely say that
every pound of Grape-Nuts used in my
family has been worth a dollar in gold to
me. To illustrate: About five years ago
1 was ill and run down from 155 1 pounds*
to 130. After I got so I could get about
ray stomach troubled me and I never
could get above 128 pounds, although I
tried all kinds of food.
"Finally I was put on Grape-Nuts and
kept It up for eight months. I realized I
was Ceshing up again and when weighed
found I had recovered my 155 pounds.
I have Eince been able to hold my own,
My Etomach is in fine condition.
"My family all eat Grape-Nuts and are
all improved In health. Even my little
tot, who can hardly talk, callg for Grape-
Nuts before she is out of bed in the
rnomins.
*'I stand for nothing but what Is right
and 'honest, and I am quite willing you
should print my name if you choose to
publish this letter." F.. A. Bralnard;
Binjriiamton, N. Y., No. 8 Gold street.
DDTTCUCC FORBARBER3, BAX.
AjUUkJlliuO «« bootblacks, batU-
.****** bouses, billiard .tabta*.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, caaners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, lanndrles. papar-
hangers, printers, patoters. aba* factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, .tanners, tailor*, ate
%i BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrament* S t -
fl» ' CH!CHE«TER"S CNSU3H - ' -
AfKJ&^k * r CHltfHESTKK'S ENGLISH
J^ SpW'l S 11 * blM rtbl >«- T«k« ¦• other. SUAim
I / flj tl»»». Bay »f jvar Dngjin. or md 4«. ia
- I W jf «t»OM ttt PartlauUr*. Te*tla«aiaU
\"C* F? •a***K«U*f fbrLa41a*,*<nl«Mr,b/r«>
.A 1/ torn Mali, la.flilo T«K»onl»l^ 9»I4»»
w — i^ an Dragglm. Chlah«at«rChe«!aalO«»'
§ DR.- MEYERS & 'CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR ME*.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
tree at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed,
731 MARKET ST.
8AN FRANCISCO. CJLU '_,
. These are the facts as they stand to-day
and every person suffering from a respir-
atory, disease should learn the truth
about this new cure by writing to The R.
T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y. t for a freo
sample' of HYOMEI, or If you haven't
time to do this, ask your druggist for a
HYOMEI outfit. It may save your life.
- Since . HYOMEI was discovered . the
death rate from consumption 13 shown to
have" decreased 33 per cent annually. It
has been indorsed by the United States
health reports and the medical profession
have declared II YOJI El to be the only
cure known for coughs, catarrh, pneu-
monia and consumption.
No reputable physician would acknowl-
edge that there was a cure for the dis-
ease, and the .United States health reports
never ¦- even mentioned one of the thou-
sands of treatments used.
Until HYOMEI, the new dry-air germi-
cide, was discovered, deaths from con-
sumption increased over 22 per cent an-
nually. , . -¦;•*•• ¦-.
Thousands of weak lunged people who
through their ignorance Imagine that
consumption is hereditary and that there
are a ¦ dozen and ono different remedies
which will cure it, go to their death beds
annually because of their ignorance as to
the true facts " and it Is high time they
were brought to a. realizing sense of their
danger. V-^-
Yet these are . the. exact facts in the
case. The number of people who die
annually from consumption alone average
one in every family of six In. the United
States, and medical records and Govern-
ment statistics show that not a single case
has been cured excepting by one treat-
ment.
If all weak lunged people were told tbat
their chances of escaping consumption
was only one In six and that after con-
tracting the disease there was but one
chance In ten thousand of their ever re-
covering unless they adopted a certain
treatment, what a • sensation it would
create.
Their Chance of Escaping
Death from Consumption.
WEAK LUNGED
PEOPLE
I hill bkTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; ; WEDNESDAY, ; JA^JARY; 15, 1J)0fJ.
10
I _J__ ¦•-., EDUCATIONAL— — Continued. *
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplug. grammar, writing,
• etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH. French.etcProf.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of Lang_agea.320Post ;est_b'd 1871 ;ablest • profs. •
SHORTHAND: taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
¦ teacher. .* 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.;-$6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. . 424 ¦ Pine st .
MARY P, WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors. 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free. .
EMPLOYMENT , OFFICES. -
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
— waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI~
NOSHITA, 1233 Page.'- cor.Lyon ;td.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel.. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO. AO— I ; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE . Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. B24 Bush «t : tel. Bush 616. .
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutterjtel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
ELDERLY woman, . flrst-class ¦ American . cook, .
elegant baker, will take full charge of
kitchen and dining-room; no washing and no
¦windows; wages $5 per week; city references.
511 Bryant st: . ' ¦ '
AN educated widow of 35, just from Europe,
who speaks^" perfect " French, German and
some ' English, and " understands sewing and
housekeeping, wishes a position. Address
1315. Mission st. ;
A SWEDISH woman" would like to go out
-washing and. ironing by the day. (Call at C%
Kreelon st., oft Fourth, between Bryant and
Brannan. »
GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences;, wages $1 10 day and car fare; good
' washer of flannels. ¦ 7C0A Howard st, room 4.
BY an intelligent American woman, to-, care for
invalid; no objection to children or light
housework.,'- Call or address MRS. EVERS,
C96 McAllister >st :
RESPECTABLE girl wants position; upstairs
work or waitress; wages $25. Call 21 Bourbon
place, between Pierce and Steiner, Ellis and
Eddy. • . : :
A MIDDLE-AGED German girl wishes sltua-
- tion to do general housework or housekeep-
- ing; wages $15 per month. 2746 Harrison st.,
between Twenty-third and Twenty- f ourth. .
YOUNG girl wants position at general house-
work; wages $20. Please call at 267 Minna
st, near Fourth. ¦
A NICE cook would do general housework tn a
small family, but city preferred. Call at
711 Folsom st. v- . -.-.-•.
"A NICE girl 'wants a position to take care of
a child from two to three years old.* Call at
1535 Mission at ' , ¦ • . ¦
A RELIABLE woman for general lodging-house
' ; work. Call 67 Rausch st, off Howard, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
A WOMAN wishes position as working house-
keeper or as lady's nurse; city preferred. 973
Howard st. * , • , /
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work; . $1 50
per day; suits remodeled; quick worker; good
fitter and cutter. Box F, 1941 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by competent Scotch wo-
man cook in private family or housework;
city references. 116 Fulton st.
SITUATION wanted. by competent woman for
general housework. Address 515 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wants position;
best of references given. Box <C824. Call.
YOUNG girl wants situation cooking- and gen-
' eral housework. 322 Fremont st . ¦
A SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day as a seamstress. Apply 2019 Fifteenth.
YOUNG lady desires position as companion to
elderly lady. Address box 2816. Call office.
A GERMAN lady wishes -situation as house-
keeper. 3750 Seventeenth st.
EASTERN dressmaker with latest Ideas wants
work In families; will sew for children; $1 60
-.a day until advertised. • Address •. MRS. TF...
box 281 0. Call office.
SWEDISH girl, newly arrived, wishes a place
! to do general houseworit in an ; American
family. Call at 4419 Twenty-third st, near
Hoffman ave.; take Twenty-fourth-st. car.
SITUATION wanted' as nurse to child, com-
panion to Invalid, and assist with general
housework. 120 Fourth st. ¦ . ;
YOUNG German girl wishes position with
i small fa Mlly; general housework. Call at
330A Seventh St. , • .
¦WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from terry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦subscriptions has been established at lOUtl
Valencia »t. - '
EMPLOYMENT \WANTED--MALE.
PORTER and house man, late at a flrst-class
• hotel In the city, desires work in hotel, prl-.
vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
wages no object; reference. Box 2238. .Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist, running: engine and
. repair any kind of machinery; handy in
small planing mill; city or country. Box
2802. Call office. ' , ,
BUSINESS 'man. stranger in city, will . take
any position at any salary and work up; will
__jBive bonds or cash security. Box 2270, Call.
YOUNG man wishes employment; strictly
temperate; willing to work; references.
Royal House, room 124.
A MAN, 24 years, wishes a position as porter
or general hand In wholesale district; has
city references. Address box -2818, Call.
NURSE, with surgical physician's ref.; oblig-
ing, and satisfaction always given. ' F.'. M.
JONES. 206 Van Ness ave.; tel South 857.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and blacksmith and
running engine; handy at any kind of ma-
¦: chine work. Box 2803, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engineer, and . machinist wishes
employment as engineer or fireman. F. W.
T.. 1309 Stockton st. ¦ . ...
BARBER, with 1% years' experience, would
like chance to finish, trade; age 21; can give
good references. 1211 Fifth St., -Oakland.
I YOUNG man. 19, wants work; flrst-class East-
ern references. Box 2809, Call..
YOUNG man, age 21? seeks employment; hon-
est and not afraid of work. Box 2827. Call.
A YOUNG man wants employment; .writes .a
good hand. Box 2820, Call of flee. -. ¦¦¦¦ N ¦
SITUATION wanted By an all-round electrician
and engineer; can do repairing; have tools
and test instruments; would like steady posl-
. tion; temperate. Address . Electrician, 3316
Twenty-sixth st. :
COMPETENT middle-aged man wants position
care for horses, handy, with tools, . will care
for invalid, do work by the day. .H. B.. 613
; Montgomery st. ¦ ¦ -*. ¦ . ,
MAN 'and wife (German) want situations . in
small hotel or boarding-house; city or coun-
try; wife' Is good cook; man good helper in
, kitchen.. waiter or bartender. 959 Folsom st.
I Al GENTS' furnishing goods man,, age 24, of
neat appearance, wants a position • in some
reliable house; wholesale or retail; references.
Box 2315, Call;offlce. < .¦¦* ' •-.-. '
GOOD gardener, ' with ' 14 years' experience,
would like position in a private family; can
speak only German,* French and Italian. Ad-
, dress G. TSCHABOLD, 329% Green st, S.F.
A FIRST-CLASS bread baker from the ¦ East
-would like a position; will take second, third
or fourth hand's Job. Apply 469 Clementina.
ACCOUNTANT desires position; references tar-
- nished. Address C. A. S., care H. K. Stark-
weather Co.. 310 California st.
PAINTER, whitener * and tlnter wants work
.¦¦ v by _tne week or month: > moderate wages.
Address ¦ box 2907. Call , of flee. ¦ vi -.--.*,.;¦•*¦
SITUATION wanted ,by man and wlfe;-flrst-
class butler and cook; '3-year-old child. ;Ad-"
.dress Z.; Call branch office,; 2200 Flllmore st.
A YOUNG ; Japanese * wishes * situation . to do
. chamber work in hotel or lodging-house. JIM;
..box 2800. .Call., ;*. - . ¦,.-;." ,- . ¦:'..-¦,
MAN f amf liar, l with T the city, will -drive and
,-: care for lor,2 horyes. ; Box 2292, Call office.
POSITION ,"• wanted by an- experienced . meat
cutter. Box 2253.' Call. -:: . " -'
JAPANESE., wants - work ; * * schoolboy : speaks*
English little. M.^Madokorcvtel. Fell 1280.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
., received at ' Call • branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
.'¦•...¦.,..'::• ;.¦"¦. FINANCIAL. ...'¦:;-"- ,y-V_. ;
COMPANIES promoted.- r guaranteed Xnd
. financed. - stock taken > In : payment for ! serv-
7 Ices ; good propositions wanted ; gold bonds
'""U 8^- ¦ PACIFIC •-'¦- 8TATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT- CO.. 326 Post ' st - ;- - *
PACIFIC Coast <¦ Underwriting « Co. " (Inc.)— We
• have 42 offices in operation;, new method of
, piacl ng ; stocks : and bonds ; compani es lncor-
. porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address. main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldgr
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— €oa.
J.H.STANTON, real estate and business broker;
: removed ' from 34 Kearny to '777% . Market;
! hundreds of lodging-houses and bus. chances.
ROOMING-HOUSE for *ale, $300; cause,'
death; 17 rooms full; steady roomers. 28%
. Clay at * ;- - , ... .. '
CARPET ¦ BEATING AMD CLE3 AJTING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.'
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
¦ 3c renovated, relald. 104 14th et ;tel. Capp25 12.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
833 Golden « Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ,
J. - E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission. 74. »
___________________ -
MME. CARLA HANSON, f rom~CWca^c~ % won^
derful clairvoyant and card reader; advice
given on all affairs of life for short time only;
no sign; hours 0 to B. 608 Ellis; residence
215 Gough; Sunday evenings by appointment.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
/ Ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c.' 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter." $2. 1164 O'FarreU st; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
¦Gough: Phone Larkin 3761 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8 :15 p. m. ; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A — PROF. Gee, 108 Sixth st; Teadlngs dally,
60c and $1; circle every night, 10c. *
MME. WINGOLA. medium, palmist and mag-
¦ netlc; readings and cir. 122 Taylor, rm. 8.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and- Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. !
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
lst: 50c and $L 1583 Market, near Twelfth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KN0W~THY FUTURE ~
And prospects for 1902 by consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
.CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. ,
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how to control or Influence any one
you love or meet ; * no charge unless you find
him superior- to all others. ' Hours, 10 to 7
daily; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14. first floor. ...1104— MARKET. ST.— 1104. .
. Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ' ;
, THE FAMOUS ". ".
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at \1 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
1 ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Efeyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
ISMAR, -the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
! reader, born with double veil — second sight;
' diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
, ques.; full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.'
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tolls past, present _
future; L. 25c; G. COc. 242 Minna, upstairs.
60c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clair., palmist, card read-
er; mall orders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25e and 50c. "234% Sixth st. ¦-
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water,
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 15G3
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MRS. B. Baumann. .well-known fortunn teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Karrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth .st. ,
COLLECTION OFFICES. i
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, 916 Market St.; advice free. Tel.. Busii
194; able body of attorneys. . - • ¦
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No . charge
unless "icceggful. Room 310. f>27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A^_R T. S. HIGGINS.^27 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
i plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
! and -ruaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crownB, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by- my
wonderful secret painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldp.. extractions done pain-
lessly; .teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S. : Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth . st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 069 Mission. SE. cor. Cth.
SET of teeth without plate., DR.-R G?
YOUNG. 1841 Polk fit.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary. nr.Larkln— Pain-
less c-xt.. 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
• DOG SPECIALIST. -
DR. ED WARD N -EXvyT^i^ne "specialist'
late of New York City, has Just located at
900 Jones st. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated' animals; office
hours 10 to 3: telephone Kate 2085. '
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking"- Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut, ,1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. .WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
. EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S' SCHOO-^F^LECTRicA-TENGI-
NEERING — Theory demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. *'.:
catalogue ' tree.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
* tees, a complete 'bus. education; shorthand.
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, , penmanship.
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
, engineering; day and night; catalogue free.'.
A— The LYCjSUM,. an accredited preparatory
school lor the. university, law- and medical
• colleges;- references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. . Phelan building.,. • 7
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account')?; figures
TARR, expert. accountant. -220 Parrott bldg..
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; . catalogue.
ENGINEERING^ — Civil, elec.mlning. mech.sur-
1 vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen - School. 113 Fulton, nr.Clty Hall.'
CALIFORNIA Business- College; most thorough
modern ' methods; positions for all graduates,
new 60-page catalogue tree. 305 Larkin st. r
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
_ Gregg shorthand ¦ costs only ; $60. ' San Fran-
clseo Business College. . 1236 Market st
•A- — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend ; the G ALLAGHER-
MAREH COLLEGE. Is - this . advice worth
following? - Lite ¦ scholarship $50; : catalogue.
ACTING; elocution,' specialties; Hallet School.
• associated . with theatrical - agency • securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell ¦„
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting haa re-
. moved to Native Sons'. Hall. 414 Mason «t.
; '*-' BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing above. $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
$500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
rood paying business; low rent: location can't
be beat See R. G. WILKE. 26*& Kearny st
A — CIGAR stand; fixtures. lease, good will for
$400; 6tock at invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st , .
A — $1000: CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
st: rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business: value In sight
Call R. G. WILKE. 26*^ Kearny rt.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
coon. R. G. .WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $S00; COFFEE saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday, or night work,'
and clearing above $200 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $650; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.: rent $30; good paying business;
full value In sight Call R. G: WILKE. 26%
Kearny 6t .
A — $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on Fifth st; rent $20; living rooms; fine
opening for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE and saloon,
with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 3 years'
lease: established years: located on Mont-
gomery st. : good business. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ...
$2750....; $2750 ...$2750
* Large livery and boarding stable. . • ¦ '
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete.
"V Over 50. steady boarders. ¦
Finest location In city.
Party retiring from the business. Full par-
tlculars by STENBERGCO.. 759 Market
13 CIGAR stands>$150 to $2625. ¦ ¦ *
15 restaurants. $75 to $3000.
12 saloons. $400 to $2800.
3 groceries and bar, $750 to $3500.
25 candy, delicatessen, etc.
RYAN & FIELD, 935 Market st, opposite
Mason, room 3. Telephone Folsom 3022.
FIRST-CLASS boarding- and rooming house:;
elegantly furnished; full of boarders and
roomers; must be a responsible party; a" bar- j
gain for the right party; rent $200 per month.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. rooms 1-2.
2 RESTAURANTS for sale at sacrifice; $225 to
$300. Investigate at McBRIDE & CO.'S.- 765
Market Bt'" ¦
HEALY & CARR,. phone James 2771. -"~
6 Eddy sit. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases!
Money to loan on any of the above. !
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $6
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
IF you * want to' buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st ' .
DRUGGIST with $2000 can hear of a good
money making proposition up north by a
party who. has the same amount Box 2828,
Call office.
PAYING grocery and bar; price $600; rent $25;
• well stocked; money in sight WICHMAN,
LUTQ*EN _ CO.. 318'Clay st. -.
$150 — REAL estate and commission, office; a
bargain. 927 Market St., room 208.
FOR sale — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
$200. 3372 Mission st
RESTAURANT to let. 714 -Kearny Bt, near
Hall cf Justice.
A CANDY and cigar store; 3 sunny furnished
rooms; alongside- of a hotel; departure cause
of sale. 510 Fourth st • •
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
leja. Cal.; great chance. P.O. box .275. Vallejo.
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good
location, - for sale cheap account sickness ;
steady income more than expenses; chance to
double business. J. R. WEBB, Nevada block,
r. 36. '
CHICKEN ranch, adjoining city limits. Peta-
lutna; house, barn, chicken houses, chickens,
cow, horse, wagon, etc.; plenty of good water;
cheap. N. H.. 1519 Jones st, San Francisco.
WANTED — Competent business man with some
capital to take hold of an established busi-
ness in Seattle; we trill furnish stock on
consignment. 217 Geary st.
RESTAURANT — Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Box 2S14,
Call office. •
$200 — PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $1S to
$20 a week. 25 Geary st, room' 4. • <
SAMPLE room downtown;, no night or Sun-
day work: must be sold on account of ill
health In family. Call at 550 Clay st.
$400 — DELICATESSEN; rood trade; rent $20.
Call 317% Third st.
$300— REAL estate office; Market St.; full in-
vestigation; party retiring. Box 2246. Call.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor store; near Mar-
ket See BEN J. GOLDMAN CO.. 119 Bush.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale; good Ioca-
tlon; $850. Box 2254. Call office. ;
OYSTER, and chop house for sale, 623 Pacific
at ; prop, has two places; wants to sell ->ne.
CLASSIFIKI> advertisements and <=ubscrlp_iona
received * at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A . - Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION. GRIFFIN. 71U Market st.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
. . Ing-nouses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
18 r.; new building; rent $60; bargain.. $1000
10 r. ; 5 blocks N of Mkt. : 2 floors ; heavy
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.: nice. .$526
12 r. ; rent $55: must sell: a snap $400
14 r.; rent $45; dears $51; clean J600
13 x.; on Geary Bt.; 5 blocks of Market; high-
ly respectable; good neighborhood; present
owner been there 5 years; good furniture and
good carpets: no other agent has It for sale;
-will take a small house in part pay. . . .$1100
7 r. ; rent $16; owner going East; nice.. $300
40 r.; one of the best houses in S. F. ; eln-
gant; fine location; clears $175 $4000
28 r.; permanent, tran.; clears $120 mo. $1400
55 r.; central; income $375 above rent. $5000
50 r.; rent $140; income $350 per mo.. $4000
100 r. ; elevator; office; clears $400 $7000
• I can show you. a bona-flde proposition with
Income of 5768 per month above rent; the
I very best Investment in this city $S0OO
86-ROOM hotel and bar : . .$1700
14 rooms; on Mission st 450
• 54 rooms; fine corner: clears $300 4000
10-roorn flat on Post st; clears $75.... loot)
! . 34 rooms; price.' 450
14 rooms; worth $800. 500
10 rooms; only ROO
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1850
• 18 "rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150.. 1250
. 23 rooms ; clears 5100 950
100 rooms; clears ?400 r-500
37 rooms; on MarMet st; 2 entrances;
offices: permanent and transient.. 2800
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
! FRENCH SPOKEN
H.C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 706.
A— FINE FLAT FOR SALE.
10 rooms and bath; downtown, near Post
and Powell; clears $75 month; payments to
• cult DECKER. 1020 Market st
AA ATTENTION, BUYERS AA
You may buy any rooming-house In tha
city and pay for It
In monthly payments
From the profits of the house.
¦ We furnish vacant houses - , , .-
And loan money at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
SfO Market gt. fl . Tel. Davla 281.
50 ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent; a great bargain; easy terms; call and
see It DONALD INVESTMENT CO. 850
Market st. . '.
; WANTED — A lady manager with small capital
, .to take charge. of profitable rooming and
boarding house. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market st. .
CALL ON RETSLOFF. • HE CAN SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner sick: must sell.....*... $175
.12 rooms; corner; clears $45 525
100 rooms; grand cor.; clears $500; pymts 5500
21 rooms; Al location; payments 1000
8 rooms; Just listed; good...... .100
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive cale... 3000
10 rooms; best In city; payments. 600
Money to loan. •• A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 531.) 906 Market st. cor. Ellis.
3C ROOMS: corner: just listed; Income $250
Particulars see RETSLOFF. - ;
18 ROOMS: well furnished: a- bargain- clears
885; price $1250; payments to suit. Reteloff.
A— WINSTON _ WOLF. 1026 Market: photo-
Rraph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211.
Invite you to call upon them if, you desire to
• buy a lodging-house, and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. - Specials:
j 30 rooms; rent $75...* S140O
! 4C rooms; rent $100 "'* 3250
• 45'rooms; rent $125 *. " 2900
16 rooms; rent $67.. .1.. .....'...; ....'.'.' C75
. 14 rooms; rent, $60 ...'.'. 1000
18 rooms; rent $37 50 .' *" 1050
B V* T T? RS '_i f - yOU ~ ant ¦* lodging-house that
W J&k.,f AT ', O / r lf you ~*nt. to. borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on* M. E
RIVES. 916 Market si., rm. 60; tel. Main 128.
A— NOTICE— We - have rooming-houses, ail
' sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; iret
our list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market et. rooms 1 and
• 2— Bargains in lodging-houses; a big llsf
nlce. choice. Please call and Investigate.
THREE hundred houses from $250 to f 10 000
RYAN & FIELD, telephone Folsom 3022
. 835 Market, room 3. opposite • Mason. *
NICELY furnished house. . 14 ; rooms; .Howard
et; rent $27 50; price $450. Apply 202 2U st
14-ROOMS; newly furnished; good location:
payments. D. McRAE, 837 Mission: at .
SA-f FRAXCISCO CAIA. j
BUEINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
-ntll 12 o'clock every nlgrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes rtreet; open until9:30 p. m.
~» McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. — -
SIS Larkin (street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22<_ Market street corner Sixteenth; open
entll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh rtre«t: open until 9 p. m.
101)6 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m. -
Northwest corner Twenty-second , and Ken-
tucky streets: open until S» p. m. '"* _
2500 Pill— ore rtr»et- open ntitll 9 P._.ni____
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
M. — D. 2d THIS EVENING, Jan. 15,
at 7 o'clock. By order of the W. M. TLJ%
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec ~* \
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. ; ¦
M — Lodge of instruction in third oe- «^»m-
PTee THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- 1^J\
ISO at 7:30 o'clock. _ .^^
*^* V £££- T gis F -<w_Dt-_f: A
DAYt EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec-
ond degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec '^T y
STARR KING Lodge. U. p.. F. and A. jr.
M . Howry's Hall— Will meet THIS _J\-
c WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:..O XIT
o'clock. First degree. By order of the ' ~r /«
W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MEMBERS California Lodge No. -^~jBVr|_
1 I O. O. F.. please attend gygrgyg£
funeral of our late brother, K.
A. FRISK, from the hall TO-
DAY at 1:30 p. ra. _ HOWARp y Q
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. -^VP'gfii
F.— TO-NIGHT installation of •§gj_3KX£
offlcers. Vit-itin-r brothers cor- "-^g^S^S?
.tally inv 1 ted kRED „ _ TOWELU ™ Q
O. HOFFMAN. Rec Sec.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O.
O. F.— All members are request- «sfcJ_5KSi
«1 to attei* the meeting THIS
KVENING. January 15. Installa- ?"*Z
tion cf officers, after which an enjoyable
i>ro|rr_mme will be presented. Visitors cor-
dially invited. J. H. BRAMSTEDT, N. a.
C.'BRIND. Rec. Sec.
NATIONAL UNION. Call-fe^5Sjg-— »_
fornia Council, meets TO- <$r£!__&S%^
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. >^ I " l — n - r -^L
Fourth st. at S o'clock (in .. „ ' .
its new hall). Visiting friends cordially In-
vited. Ey order •
W A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
-C H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- --___
elation. — Special meeUnrr will beheld -"a^J""
at hall, 320 Post St.. THURSDAY. *-3_)te
Jan. 16, 1 :M p. m. All members are -
requested to be present for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our deceased brother.
O. F. L. FARENKAM. By order of the
president. L. TRAtTNG. Rec. Sec*
OFFICERS and members _»*TT"«?»x-
Scandinavian Society: You /TwJiEmJv
are hereby notified to at- /s5-*ii_-^e\
tend the funeral of our late ISMA \=V«n\
¦member. O. F. L. FAREN- ISfglsBJsH-d
KAM. TO-MORROW V^^£^M-c\
.THURSDAY), at '- r. m.. \y&gS3^{7
from . Red Men'e Hall. 320 - \pa^@$y
Post Et. By crder of • X^u-^X
EMIL ANDERSON. Pres.
CARL A. HAGSTROM. Sec. .
BT. ANDREWS Society. — A recep- v ¦«»• x. '
tion Trill be tendered to Ex-Fresl- 3, (%JJ
o«nt5 POLLOK and REID. MR. •*kx_2r
WALTER DAVIDSON and MR. ***?•
A. R. PATERSON. in Scottish Hall/ 117' Lar-
k-in et.. on FRIDAY EVENING, : January 17,
at » o'clock. Members are cordially Invited
to be present. JAS. ROLPH JR.. Pres.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- » ««y *w,
brate the ar.niversarj' of the birth A, iJtuJ
of ROBERT BURNS with a con-
cert and social dance- in Scottish **jp9»
Halt 111 Larkin st. on FRIDAY EVENING,
January _4. Admission 25c.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER, Secretary. :
MILK wagon drivers, attention — Special meet-
ing of the union to be held WEDNESDAY
EVENING, the 15th lnst. at Mangel's Hall,
Twenty-fourth and Folsom sts. Also election
of officers. Members are requested to be
present JOS. O" DAY, President
ALEX DLTEAU, Secretary.
HAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
227 Market Et.. San Francisco, Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meetlns — The annual meetlr; of the
stockholders of the Hakalan Plantation Com-
pany wili be held at the office of the com-
r~ny. 327 Market st. In the city and county
cf San Francisco. State of California.- on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January.
JB02. st the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purport- of electing a beard of directors
to serve for trie ensuing: year and for the
purpose of amending article III of the by-
laws cf the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will dose on - Saturday.- Jan-
uary 4. at 12 o'clock m. By order of tha
president. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the rtocK-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please tak» notice that the annual- meeting
cf the etockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poration, will be held at the principal office
cf the company, tn the Parrott building, lo-
rated mi Market "St., between Fourth and
P.fth. in the city. and county cf San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY,
the ICth day of January, 1902. at 2 o'clock
p. tn.. for the purpose of electing directors
4nd for the transaction of euch other busi-
ness » may properly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
T>cted January 2, 1902. . ..-* . . • -
'annual meeting— oceanic steamship
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market street In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
on TUESDAY, the 21st day of January, 1302.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing: a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuir.e year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the rceetlnc. Transfer * books will close on
Friday, January 10, 1902, at 3 o'clock' p. m.
Ey order of the President
m : H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.-,
ANNUAL MEETING— The . regular .. annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held et the office of the company, 327
Market «t.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 20th day of January. 1902, at, the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of elect-
ing a -board of directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 17. 1002, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Oas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st. San Francisco. Cal. —
, The annual meeting of the stockholder* of
;ihe Kan Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 415 Post Et., in the city and countr of
Ban Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 21. 1802 The transfer books
rf the company will be closed from January
10. 1&02. to and including January 21. 1002.
- ISicned) WILLIAM G. BARRETT. -
.... Secretary.
Dated San Francisco January 6, 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS' ; MEETING — The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held* at the office of the cora-
punj-. 222 Market et.. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21, 1902. at li o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
-irertors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of 6uch other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market st, San "Francisco, Cal.
January 9, 1902. * • ¦ ¦ • ,
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada- National Bank of San Francisco,
Ol.. will be held at Its banking-house. 301
Montcomery st., San Francisco Cal.. on
k TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. *n., for the election of directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
routing. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
¦ fan Francisco. .December 13, 1901.
A SPHALTUSI ROOFING.
CITY AfcPHALTUM CO.. <532 Market st— Roofs,
ridowalkn. floors: chean rate-.. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. V
AD-/ICE Tree; divorces a specialty -.quick, quiet-
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings fcyappolntment:phoneJohn31SL
G. W. HOWE. S.V> Market gt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce:, bankruptcy: collection.;
attachments: mortgages: bills of sale; partner-
¦E-ips; deeds; wills dra~-n; no fee unless eul-
cetsful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market
R. -W. KIXG. Examiner, bide... Cth, floor; . all
cases: fees low; estates, collections, etc.; con-
sultation free: no advance fees; open eves.
A '2y i S E » lree: no char se unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. opp. Mason.
_.; 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt.: oonfraltaMon free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLE S — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN, agent for Columbia and all good blcy-
cleg; agcond-hand wheels reduced. 301 Larkin.
BOARPI.\G FOR CHILDREIf.
GERMAN lady would board couple cf chil-
dren ; room for parent. 43U Minna st -
A LADY wishes to take a child to board: Prt-
vate . home. Box 2923. Call. ,
BOOKS— JfBW AXD OLD.
FOR astrological, occult -metaphysical books
go to 1 *_"•-> Market at, S. F.
A — 10 TO 20. days' free rent to desirable ten-
ants of brand new; 5 and 6 rooms', bath; 2
grates/ sunshine in every room, social room,
nice yard, 4 car lines. . Apply SPECK & CO.,
. '¦ 607 Market ' st.
OAK, 1900— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
' ¦ new ; • never ' been ' used ; ; • frescoed ¦ ceilings ;
," marble: vestibule; all. modern Improvements;
¦>' * looking out on park: rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.- .'•'-.*
A-^)NLY 2 left; $25 and $27 50; new lower; 4
. rooms,: baUi- Myrtle ave., near Van Ness.
FLAT of 5 rooms . with modern improvements.
.¦•*'. 9U Fllbert^at;- rent. $13. .
FLAT, 5 rooms, $11; also 'cottage, $10. Key
. ¦• 623 Second st... near Brannan. . .- •¦ .
SUNNY flat 3 rooms; water free. 356 Third
st: $10.- -.: - . . ¦
; FURXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
: range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
ELEGANT neW turn. & carpets; will sell whole
; or part 1912 ¦ Fillmore. ; near Bush ; - flat 3.
MINNA, 278 — 9-room house, 'in good order.
Call from 2 to 4: no agents. ~ . ' * ¦
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT.- 773 Mission St.. pays highest
•price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 133L
'^^^^^^}^^^^^^^^
D. & V: new $1 glove, retailed at factory -price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE. /
AT C. R. HANSEN CO/S PhonTGrant 185
X -• ..'..HOTEL DEPARTMENT.........
. Head : waitresses, $35; waitress, flrst-class
' hotel, short- distance, $25 and found; 20 wait-
resses, city 'and country, $20, $25; chamber-
maids. $20, $17 50; chambermaids, to wait,
' $20, south. ......:. ....'.
..'.,. FAMILY. DEPARTMENT
A houcegirl fcr very choice place, no rough
work, . 2 In family, $.20; parlor maid and
. waitress, $25: second girl, -see party ¦ hert-
• this a. m.. $25; housegirl, San Rafael, $30.
. many . others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
. Geary st ;
A RKF1NED American nurse girl; care ' of
small children. C. R, HANSEN & CO., 104
Gear?' st. * - . ¦ '
A NURSE girl, care of 2 children: $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— ¦_ WAITRESSES, south; $25. fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WAITRESS; strictly flrst-class hotel; ?25.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary at '
WANTED — Waitress, very nice country hotel,
. $20 ; German cook, no wash, $35 ; A cooks,
with and without washing,- $30; chamber-
work and sewing, $25; chamber work and
laundress, $25; ti second girls, Oakland.
Menlo and city, $25; general housework. San
Rafael, aee lady office 2 o'clock, $30; cham-
ber work, hotel, $20; 5 chambermaids, wait
one meal,*. $20; 2 nursery . governesses, $25;
cook and second girl,* same house,. American
family, $25, $15; colored girl for housework,
no washing, $20; a large number of girls
for housework at, $25. city and country. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at.
A — MRS. M. E. DAY — CO.. Phone Main 1575
» . HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Two more chambermaids. Southern Califor-
nia, $20, one-half fare paid; 5 waitresses,
- city, $25: 8 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses, $8 week; 3 chambermaids,
', to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids. $20 and $17 SO.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, $30; second girl, $20, see lady 10 a. m. :
housegirl, San Rafael, 2 in family, see lady
2 p. m. ; 2 second girls, city, $25; 15 house-
. girls. $20 and $25. -
MRS.- M. E. DAY & CO. 335 Geary.
WANTED — GIRLS AND WOMEN at SAN
FRANCISCO HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE
to learn every branch of trade- thoroughly in
2 weeks; full course $5, including manicur-
ing, face massage; scalp massage, scalp
treatment singeing.' dyeing. bleaching,
switch and wig making, weaving and ven-
tilating; everything furnished free; human
heads for practice; position guaranteed each
graduate; no. fake promises; our pupils are
our living advertisement; filling positions in
stores and tn business all over the city; 5
good positions in leading stores open to those
entering immediately; girl not knowing entire
. trade in 2 weeks positively given her money
back; 1 day and evenirg classes. S. F. COL-
LEGE. 233^GEARY ST., rooms 13-15.
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Overall
= . Factory, 32% Fremont st. ; no experience
. necessary: good pay, steady' work. . Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
CAL. College of Hairdresstng - and Massage: ac-
1 knowledged superior to all others; every
"branch -of. the trade thoroughly and prac-
tically taught In 3 weeks; tuition $5; our
. pupils are our living advertisement. Call
Supreme Court bldg.. 305 Larkin st. ; take ele.
BODICE hands, skirt* hands and Improvers for
.first-class dressmaking;- also an errand girl.
: Apply 1523 Bush st." ; /fy-'v
EDUCATED young lady, take charge of Rav?n
subscription department. P. O. box 77,
Berkeley. ' ' ' " .
WANTED — Girl with some experience at tail-
oring • to ¦ work — rith bushelman. Golden
Eagle Clothing Co., 104 Kearny st
A WHOLESALE house requires the services of
- a refined, capable woman: outside work; ref-
erences- required. Box 2826. Call.
WANTED — A neat young girl for general
housework and cooking; wages $20; refer-
ences. 2367 Sutter st. '
TWO assistants, inexperienced preferred. Hoo-
ver University of Physical Culture, 1327 Mar-
ket st ¦ . - . . *
150 OPRATORS on. -ladles' waists to work In
factory; good pay. 656 Mission st; 4th floor.
EXPERIENCED hairdresser; also apprentice;
call 10 to 12. HANNAH LEVY. 128 O'Farrell.
GLOVEMAKERS on Eurekas: also apprentices;
steady. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. '
NEAT young girl, assist hausework. children;
no wash., heavy work; $10-$12. 717 Clayton.
GIRL wanted to assist in. general housework;
no children. 903 Flllmore st . .
GIRL wanted to assist at housework. 222S
Clay st, corner Buchanan.
YOUNG • girl I for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 900 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to learji bookblndln_. C32 Market St.
room 18. . •¦/¦"" - , '
GIRL, general housework and plain ' cooking;
small family; good wages. .776 McAllister.
WANTED— First-class • pants finisher at 8
Grant ave., urstalis.
APPRENTICE girls wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. 1020B Folsom st.
GIRL to assist light housework: 2 adults: sleep
home; Sun." and evs. off; $8. 1447 . McAllister.
GIRL; no window cleaning,* no washing; small
family; $15. ' 1676 Post st.', near Buchanan.
WANTED— A inursegirl. 2643 Bryant st, near
*. Twenty-fifth. . . . . v<#BS
WANTED — German or Swedish cook. Call be-
tween 0 and 12 at 2109 Broadway. :
FIRST-CLASS helpers on skirts and waists.
610 Ellis st ; . • . ; , '
WANTED— "A : good pants operator; no others
*. need apply. , 914 Brush st. Oakland.
AN elderly. German lady to take care " of two
children; must have some experience as gov-
erness; state religion; salary, $30 and found.
Box 2004. Call office.
WANTED — Girl for general housework ; good
-cook; wages $25 to $30;' small family. . Call
: -9 to 10 a.-m., 1800 Broadway. : . , f, ,
REFINED , lady for 2 hours' work; exchange
for room; reference; ? state age. Box 2805.
Call office. ¦ - .
' BAUER ' BROS. & CO. want more shirt waist
hands and tuckers; good 1 pay. 21 Sansome.
A GIRL ! for housework in small family. 2122
y-, Sutter, Bt... •
GIRL for light housework; small family good
home. 1134. Turk st.
WANTED— 2 concert hall waitresses. 'Apply
911 Kearny st. * , / »-,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and'
• . subscriptions • has been established ; at 1000
Valencia st •/ • • '. /^ .
HELP. WANTED— MALE.
COACHMAN with references. $30 and found;
.., carriage blacksmith, • $3 - to $3 50 day; slack
work coopers, • $30 . to $35; 2 farmers ; and
wives,': $35 and $40; orchardlst, $30; carriage
.setter for mill; $(50 to $75: farmer,' $25; boys
..for factory; errand boy. $5 week; 10 tlemak-
. ers, ••¦- 10c to 14c; ¦ . woodchoppers: carpenter,
'$3 50 day; cooks, waiters and others.- J. F.
:t CROSETT ; & CO... <J28 Sacramento st. v
ANDRE' St Office, r 316 'Stockton ; st— Cook.
..country hotel, $45; waiter. $25; assistant but-
ler. ;. young • man,. $25; - , choreman. . private
, - ' place. ' cduntry. * milk 1 or . 2 cows. • etc. . < $20"
elevator boy, $10 . and : f d: ; errand boy, $4 a
- .week ! gardener, $30,'. etc. T ¦. . _ -
AN experience, driver, for flrst-class milk route
; in city, $40 > and found ; ; choreman. - country,
: $25: -farmers, milkers, -cooks, waiters and
..dishwashers.' ¦*-W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
'A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
¦"' 3 .waiters, $45.'l*. ¦.',*.'¦ ' , •'¦¦:.','¦-• • .;
WANTED— A; good ¦ barber ' at 1541 Geary^ at ;
_HE1,P WAXTKP MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY * READY. . . .Phone Main 5848
Lending Employment and Labor Agents.
.Office Open 7 a. m. 1
Blacksmith who understands sheetiron work.
country Iron works. $3 50 to $4 day; man to
s insulate and cover steam pipe. $2 50 day;
furnace man. blacksmith helper
2 Italians for vineyajj- work; 10 farm hands
and plow' teamsters. ¦ ,
..............MARRIED HELP "••;•-
» Man and wife to run small farm and dairy
¦ i ranch on shares, see boss here. . . . . . . . . . .
Farmer and wife. 9_i all orchard. ' $ ;«> and
fd., see boss»here; milker and wife. $50 & fd.
Cook and wife, mining camp. . . .$4o and fd.
I 50 woodchoppers. tlemakers. . picket and post
™ . ;*!"'. . 'hotel department. . . .'.
Butcher, country shop. $35 and fd.; cook and
wife, $45 and fd.; night cook. city. $12 week.
German waiter. $30; baker_ country shop.
$10 week: 5 cooks, city and country. MUR-
RAY _ READY. *» __
A COMPETENT florist for a flrst-class store;
must understand the business In all its de-
tails, be a good salesman and give references
as to honesty and sobriety; good wages for
a good man. Box 2829. Call office.
CLERK for office work with oil company, near
Bakersfleld: good penmanship and .references
required; wages $00 per month and lodgings
free; state age. Box 2817. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable man with $125. not afraid
of work, for a plain, every-day business that
will pay about $70 per month; no e_perl-
ence required. Apply 765 Market st. room 3.
RELIABLE boy wanted to learn horseshoeing
and blacksmithlng business; a little expert
ence preferred. Cor. Steiner and Waller sts.
MAN of good appearance to take charge of
Raven advertising columns. P. O. box it.
Berkeley. ¦ , . - .
; BARBER desires Hotel shop or would fit one
in good country hotel. Apply STOLTZ. 723
Market st
WANTED — Two men or women who can run a
small chophouse to give them a start in life.
Apply 055% Bryant St.
WANTED-- A good. barber for Wednesdays,
Saturdays and Sundays. 581 Geary st
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 415 Market at.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 1073 Market st,
\ near Seventh.
BARBER wanted; steady extra. 237^ Fifth
street.
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St.. San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
i YOUNG man about 17 or IS years for men's
furr.i3hlng store. t A. B.. box 2S04. Call.
BOY not less than 10; $4 per week. BUR-
NETT'S drug store. 8 Turk st
'¦ MAN to work on fruit ranch; ranch can be
rented If desired. Box 2822. Call.
"GORDON press feeder. R. R. PATTERSON'.
429 Montgomery* st. '- •
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 2021 Folsom st..
near Sixteenth.
2 BARBERS' chairs for sale, second-hand, $4
each. 234 Clara st.
WANTED — Two or three revolving barber
chairs, with or without' outfit 314 Jessie St.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
, price. 663 Mission st, bet 1st and _d sts.
A THOROUGH, experienced and rapid ac-
countant who is versed In all branches of
1 office work and competent to supervise an of-
fice and employes. Address in own hand-
writing, stating age, references, experience
and compensation required. Box 2812, Call.
BARBERS— All members of Local 148. J. B. I.
U. of A. are hereby officially notified that
they must pay their December dues by Jan- !
uary 15. 1002, or be suspended without fur-
ther notice. * By order of executive board.
JOS. BLEILY. Sec.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply - at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
CANVASSERS wanted for new Incandescent
gas burner: wide-awake men can earn good
commissions. Apply 1 between 10 and 12
o'clock a. m., room S, 22O Sutter st. ' .
ELDERLY man as night clerk; quiet, steady
. place for honest and sober man; $15 month
and room; state age. Box 2813. Call.
BUTCHER boy wanted: one who can drive.
People's Market. 2509 Market . st. corner
- Sixteenth and - Noe.
BOY wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 E11U st
WANTED — Honest man with $250; tend cash
in restaurant; no experience; $50 month and
/board; big snap. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable young man .with $100
cash; no experience necessary; $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market
St.. --.upstairs. - ;
BARBERS — $25 buys possession of 3-chalr
shop, including 3 weeks' rent. 1547 Mission.
3-CHAIR barber shop' and cigar stand for sale;
sacrifice if sold at once. 511 Castro st.
WANTED — A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern
. Oregon; must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279, Call office.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber, trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
¦ mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shor> for sale;
good business. Aoply at Call office.
GET your shoes -half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Experienced dyer and cleaner; ref-
erences required. HH3 Mission st. * •
EXPERIENCED starch Ironer; also mangle
girl." Russ House Laundry. ¦
McDONALfr & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
50O MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
f>Oc up; soling 2Oc up. 923 Howard st. nr.Sth.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40 Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary ATor ships for all parts of
the world. HEgMAN'S. 20 Steuart at •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH of nee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been* established at 100*J
Valencia gt'
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
, , harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CARLOAD heavy wagon horses; also 10 head
good livery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co..
721 Howard St., • •¦
FINE carriage and road team for sale cheap.
. 925 Sutter st. .. ..
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109 Sansome st .
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. . DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LET. "
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1&30. near Laguna — Eight rooms
bath; fine marine view; rent $42 50.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call
Ifi Daces. In wrapper for maiilne. SI tut vear."
HOUSES FOR "_ SAIJE^ ~
NEW modern house, 7 rooms; sun all day-
large basement, yard: Portola. off Waller,
-bet. Pierce and Steiner. ' Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC J HAIR TREATMEXT.
LADIES and gentlemen.' ' this Interests you
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
1 by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 30. 130 Post st. ~
: LOST, AND '- FOC5D.
OWING to an. accident to the rider. an Eagle
bicycle - was lost Sunday afternoon -January
.12. The finder will kindly ret_rn\ sa me to
303 Larkin st. and. receive $5 reward and no
questions asked.. .
LOST— Sunday, ring containing 7 diamonds
¦ "Return to 1302 Folsom st; reward
LOST— On the 11 a. m. or ' 2 :30 p. m'. Berkeley
¦ train or Elghth-st.car. San Francisco mon-
' key.; skin card case containing ¦ gold brace-
let and quantity of money and calling cards.
. Liberal reward. 3036 Teletrraph ¦ ave.? Berke-
ley ; telephone Dana 1054.
LOST— An all black cocker spaniel. Liberal
reward . If returned to 233 Powell st
LOST AND FOP?n>— ContlnneJ.
LOST— A pas» book with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in th»
name bf HILDA ANDERSON; No. 218-811.
The finder will please retnrn to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of KATE PHILLIPS; No. 174-320.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Diamond screw stud between Oakland
and Sixth ave., S. F.: $50 reward. Return to
532 Twenty-fourth st. Oakland. ' ¦
LOST— Jan. 10, brown leather purse; reward.
1510 Market st. | ;
IT will pay to "Remember"- that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch casea.
K_ MACHISB WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento, St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
N * MATRIMONIAL.
, — __ — ; — ».
GENTLEMEN " wishing to - marry wealthy
ladlea send 10c for Ii3t. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
!"¦ ¦_.-;:' MEDICAL. I
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and in
trouble call- and consult the specialist. My
medicines' have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped ; relief In all
cases takqn : the moat obstinate cases bavo
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre«
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature*: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the; longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' socialist:
SO years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, speclall-t. 410 O'Farrell ?t.
MRS M. WEGENER, ladles* physician, haa
returned from the East and resumed business;
- home in confinement. 112 Mason st. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave. "
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
at the old office. 1228 Market st; 30 years*
experience In obstetric and other casea.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1120 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Dr Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama St.. nr. 26th;
treatment $5 to $10;avoid delay ;none deceived.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposita
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AND MIXING.
— - ~
ATTENTION. CAPITALISTS.
If you have $60,000 cash and can command
$3CO.00O more in a few months, come and
see me at once. I have a mine to sell worth
a million dollars; this I can qualify; 20
stamps now going; need 80 more; absolutely
the very beat large low grade quartz mln»
in California; you must qualify If you mean
business; none but principals need call. Boom
406. fourth floor. Annex to Call bldg.. S. F.
31 ISCELLA.VfcOT'S — FOR SALE.
BO-LERS \ engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR sale cheap — Several good cooking stoves.
6. 7. 8 and No. 10; 1 steel range, with hign
shelf; 1 8- ft brick range; 1 6-ft brick range.
At WM. LOANE' S. 439 Fifth st.
A — BUYS, sells or -rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
eta WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
WALLPAPER 3c. worth 10c; paperhanglng,
painting. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st; tel.
Jackson 1321.
SEALSKIN, bust 36. finest quality, same as
new; cost owner $200: will sell for $10O
cash. See it^ Box 2973, Call office.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Bruhswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
FOR SALE — Steam launch Romola; Webster
St.. bridge. Oakland Creek. Apply at TAY-
LOR'S boathousfc
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. II.
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
f"J 5O. Mlsflt Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
st. upstairs. \
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE cults. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery -t.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. &-M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post at
FOR sale — 1 "^-horsepower gas engine In good
order. WJI. LOANE. 43» Fifth st
THE stock .of a second-hand clothing store, at
a bargain. 153 Ninth st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER - HAMILTON.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1813, worth $250. only
$00. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Pert-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Mlsflt Parlors. 23 Stockton st
GASOLINE engines., all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 39G*M!sslon st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 130 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE H£R-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW' Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand mo— ing plc-
tures. BULLARP A BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In ths
Unlted Statea or Canada one year for $1.
MISCBLLAXEOGS WANTS.
WANTED— Organ; must be in good condition;
cheap for cash. Write, giving particulars.
A. S. K.. 1315B Ellis st. S. F.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, boat 1205. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothinz and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2S51.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bousht
— sold. Sllverman. 984 Fol3om;tel.Folsomll31.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tv-x-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bttlkUniT
$4,500,000 at lowest rate* ".
on first and second mortgages ......
......... Life interests In estates
' Property being held In trust «
-'.'.'...'.Undivided Interests in real estate .....
..Life Insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
; If You Need Money ,
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5 Vi & 0 per cent In sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies: win pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAS'
MATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
! ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere !
.: R McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
second and third mortgage--^ estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
1st floor. Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds
Jewelry, pianoa and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. » Grant av.. nr. Mkt; tel. Black 547L
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave. near
Geary st; phone Red 1603. .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
•.lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 84«
Market at. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 8 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 601) Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private .
P*^ 7 '-" 0 removal; no commission r conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones,
O: U^S* r c * nt on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery »t. r. _,
BllT__-__lll_h_W_r_nr_ra_a_r'_^__m» _-¦¦¦_ _^_» ¦- '- "Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TUESDAT, Jan. 14 2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
." Bid. Ask. I ' - Bid.Ask.
Is quar coup.111%112 Us qr c (new)13f>%140
4s quar reg.111%112% 5s quar coup.l08*i —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — • — ¦ Oceanic 5s .. — 105
Bay CPC Bs.108%109 Ombus C 6s,130*4 —
Cal-st 6s ...116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 ' 100
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s.lO5 108
Ed L&P 6s.. — — . Pk&O R 6s. 117 ' 120
Fer&C H 6».12O Pwl-st R 6s.ll6U :
Geary-st'Ss. — 100 Sac EGR 6s. 85% 96%
H C&S 6%s. — — SF & SJV5S.121 123
. Do 5s ....99^100 Sierra Cal 6s —
L Ang R 5s.ll9 120% 3 P of Ar 6s -
LA Light 6s. —. — (1909) 111 —
Do gtd 6s. — — v (1910) ....112U113
Do gtd 5s.lO3% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 99 — (1905)Sr A.1O894 .
Do lem 58.101 103 (1906)Sr B.108%109%
Mkt-st C 6s.125U126 (1906) ....111 _
Do lem 6s.l21% — (1912) .... — 121
N R Cal 6s.109Vj — S P Cal 1st
Do 6s 121% — c gntd 5s. 110
N Pac C 5s.lO5%106% S P BrCal6s.lS6% —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S V Wat 6s. 112 —
Oak Gas 5s. 113% — Do 4s ....102%l03«
Oak Trns 6s.l21%122 Do 4s 3dm.l«Vi —
Do 1st c5s.109%111 Stkn Gas 6s. 102 'A —
Oak W g 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS. .; •
Contra Costa 73 — IPort Costa.. 83% 66
Marin Co.... 59 — • I Spring Vail. 85 85J4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
tent L & P.! 2% 2% Pac Light... — 50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% R F G & E. . 40Y* 40%
Mutual — 6% San Fran.... 5% 6%
O G L & H. 61%,— Stktn G & E. 8 —
Pac Gas Imp 35 / 40
INSURANCE. *
Firem's Fnd.247% — I
BANKS. . .' .
Anglo-Cal-.. 80 82% First Natnl..32S 350
California ..420 — L P & A. ...165 160
Cal Safe Dp.112 — S F Natlonl.137% —
SAVINGS BANKS. *
German ...1925 — ISav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — (pecurlty Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav: 60 'Union Trust. — 2475
S F Sav U. .512% — I •
v STREET RAILROADS.
California ..151 — Market 02 93
Geary ...... — 60 Presidio .... 36 —
,.---¦' POWDER. *,
Giant ....... 80 — IVlgorit 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana ... — 5 Kilauea. ...\ 9%. 11%
Hawaiian ... 34* 40 Makaweli ... 26% 27
Honokaa ... 10% Onomea ..'. . 23% —
Hutchinson . 14% 15 Paauhau ... 10%. —
. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.171 113- Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 96% 97% Pac C Borax.165 —
Cal Wine As. 95% 98% Par Paint. . . 15 —
Oceanic S Co 40 44 ' (
Morning Session.
$100 United States 4s coupon Ill 75
$2000 United States 3s coupon .•. ..109 37%
$2000 Market-street 5s :121 75
$1000 Oakland Trans 6s ..............121 50 .
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d m). ...... ."..101-50
$2000 Los Angeles Light 5s ....103 75
10 Alaska Packers* Association.. -....172 0O
10 Bank of California ...420 00
25 Market-street Railway .....92 00
20 Gas & Electric .«.....;.......... 40 £5
30 Makaweli .... . .... :...:.. 26 75
35 Giant Powder 80 50
50 Giant Powder, s 90 .*.... ...SO 50
'. ,*:•¦¦;•" Af ternoolvcSession.' ' ' ' " -\
$20,000 S P A. ¦¦'09 ....Ill 25
$1000 SPA. "10 ......'..........;..... 112 50
$5000 Los Angeles LightOs .'..•.....•..103 73
S2000 N • P C R 5s.............. 106 0O
$20(10 Market-street Railway, 5s 121 75 .
- 5 Market-street Railway .......... 92 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
' Morning Session.'
Board — .
25 Caribou 65
1- Hanford uv.i .'. .-. . r. ..- 81 00
500 Petroleum Center .OS '
" 10 Sterling ........................... 1 13
Afternoon Session. :
- . ¦ Board — ' . ¦ - ...
(5 Hanford 90 00
200 Home. •00....:............. 3 60
; 225 Lion ......:¦...¦.... 08
V MINING STOCKS. ,'
v .' Following "were the , sates " In - : the " San ' Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following dividends will be paid toiday:
Bank of California, a quarterly - of *4 ; "Wella,
Fargo & Co., a semi-annual of 3 per cent and
an extra one of 2 per cent; Pacific States Tele
phone, a quarterly at the rate of 6 per cent'
Four Oil. lc; Union Oil, $135; United Petrol
leum. $2 25: Contra Costa Water, 42c: Port
Costa Water. 30c; Oakland Gas. 25c; Nevada
National Bank, semi-annual at the rate of T
per cent; California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, quarterjy of $160: Pacific Surety
Company, quarterly of $1 50.
The Red Bank Oil Company Is to furnish
75,000 barrels of oil for a term of five years.
The company is now furnishing about 1000
barrels daily to customers in the- valley. Two
wells, have been Idle for some time. \ Well No.
10 is now producing up to t,he average. '
The Andes Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 5c per. share, delinquent February
The assessment of lc on McKittrick Oil fell
delinquent in office yesterday. The Monte
Crlsto assessment of 10c falls delinquent Feb
ruary ¦*. with sale day February 25.
The BakersHeld Oil Exchange ' has issued a
circular to Kern oil producers, proposing to
market the product of the field by. means of a
clearins-house. ¦ •
Trading was very dull in the afternoon.
Bank of California at $420. Alaska Packers at
$172 and Market-street Railway at $92. There
was nothing new In the oil stocks.
Otto Olsen hired a sloop on Sunday
from a cousin in Alameda. He sailed the
craft, an. affair of about twelve tons,
across the. bay, tied her up behind the
*vharflnger's office at Fremont street and
went on a hunting trip. When he re
turned on Monday night the sloop had
disappeared. With a friend. Olsen spent
yesterday prospecting the bay. He dis
covered the sloop near Butchertown and
Is now looking for the man that .stole it.
Stolen Sloop Recovered.
J Enes, Warm Sprgs
B.F Stone, Oakland
T Brown.. S L Obispo
C Ackerman. Denver
H B Constans. Sacto
J M Clark. Nome
R A Clark. Nome.
C L Rath. USA
G Ingles; Seattle
R S Wllllnga. Seattle
C S Greenberg. Fresno
W Cassitty. Angel la
T Jobe. Walla Walla
J Burns, Verona -
W W Stout % K City
P J Kensur, X Orleans
C E Happersett, Or
G B Lolllngs. Portlnd
C Henry, St Louis
"VTESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ATI-RIVALS.
, TUESDAY. Jan. 14 — * p. m.
Bid. Ask. ( Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Julia — 01
tt-lfci 05 07|Kentuck 01 02
Andes — 02 Udy Wash... 01.' —
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belch. 11 12 Occidental ... 08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 81 82
Caledonia ... 23 25 Overman .... 08 0»
Challenge Con 12 13 Potosi IB 17
Chollar 00 10 Savage 07 OS
Confidence 85 50 Scorpion .... — 04
CC&Va 1 45 1 50 Seg Belcher. . 03 04
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nevada 19 20
Con New York 01 —Sliver Hill... 48 49
Crown Point. 07 08 St. Louis .... 05 —
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard 3 40 3 50
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... 00 07
Gould & -Curi 05 06 Union Con ..14 15
Hale & Nor.. 31 33 Utah. *. ©4 08
Justice 05 06 Yellow Jacket 07 OS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
y Morning Session.
300 Best ft Bel... 10> 50 Mexican ..... 31
50 C C & Va...l 50| 80O Potosi 13
300 Mexican ...-'. 30 1" 400 Tellow Jacket 07
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar .. 03' 100 Ophir SO
100 C C & Va. . . .1 50 1000 Potosi 18
200 Hale & Nor.. 32. 100 Sierra Nevada 1»
400 Mexican SOi 300 Yellow Jacket 07
100 Occidental ... 00J
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belch. Itf 200 Mexican ....." 3t
200 Caledonia ... 24 30O Ophlr SI
200 C C & Va....l 50 700 Overman 09
200 C C & Va..l 47% 800 Savage 07
200 Hale & Nor.. 30 500 Sterra Nevada 18
1100 Hale. & Nor.. 29 20 Sierra Nevada 13
200 Hale & Nor.. 31
¦ Afternoon Session.
400 C C & Va..l 47^1 500 Potosi IS
200 C C & Va 1 50 £00 Potosl IT
700 Hale & Nor.. 31 500 Potosi IS
300 Mexican 29 110O Savage 08
300 Mexican ..... 31 500 Seg Belcher.. 04
300 Ophir 80 200 Sierra Nevada 1ft
200 Ophir Sit 400 Silver Hill... 47
\ THE SAN, FRANCISCO OAI/L, WEDNESDAY; JANUARY 15, 1902.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
'¦O.-R..SL N. CO.'
. Only Steomablp Iiin» *«»
PORTLAND, Or., ; -
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, nil rail op steamship and rail, at
LOWEST 3EV^3Li t 0BS.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BEP.TH aai XIALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails...
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 2, 13. 22.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Jan. IS. 28: Feb. T. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. n.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.B.y.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARP. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 ?. n.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers lor
India, etc. • No carji received on board on
d£y of sailing.
S& HONGKONG MARU :
Thursday, January 30th. 1902
SS^ NIPPON MARU....... .......i
. Tuesday. February 23th. 1902
68. AMERICA MARU ".
Friday. March 21st, 1903
Kound-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First. " -
W. H. i AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISB A.
¦ 0:45 a. &., 3:15 and 8:30 n. ro., except Sua-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo. 1 - a. m.. 13:30 noon. 3 p. m.. except
Sunday. • Sunday, T a. m., 4:13 p. m. Far* 941
cents. . T«l«phons . Main , IMS. Landln « a ad
of flee. pl«r 2. MiMlga-itreet 4ock. HATCH
BBO&
BAY AND Bnra& STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. NXVY YARD AND VALLE1)
: Btaaman GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLl
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secon.t
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERA!*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway . (Hudson building), N'aw
Tork. J. P. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Co&tc
Agents. * - Montgomery avenue-. San Francisco.
Tickets «iM by all Railroad Tlckot Agents.
C0X716VIB CESS2AI.3 T3AK3ATLANTKJU3
DIRECT LINE' TO HAVRE-PARIS *,„..
Sailing . every' Thursday, instead ol «TO/£i»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42.-i3R«wE5i
North River, foot of Morton street. ¦
..-. ......Saturday. Jan. 25, '02. 2 p. m.
4. 0. SPUEMELS ft BROS. CO., tart innts. 327 lartt ft
Gen'l Pasangsr CfScs, 843 Harkst St., Pitr lo. 7. ?ac& it
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land, and . Sydney Thurs.. Jan. 16. 3 p. tn.
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ....".
ocean!cs.8.co = E«i
PANAMA R. \TS£
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OIRKf.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Arftyil raits Tuesday, Jan. 23
5. S. Leelanaw rails Monday. Feb. 3
6. S. Argyll *a!U Monday. ' Mar. 10
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
(Freight and Passenger Offlce. 330 Market st.
V/ .« -, F. K. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. . Centra!
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. , -
TUCAPEL -Jan. 29' PALENA '..... .Feb. 28
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15lA steamer — •
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) I Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE .& CO..' Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vaporas
OAK1;AND ADVERTISEMENTS:
OFFJCfc-^ilS/B^uAD\VAY.^
? : '; OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.^ ;
?1000-j-BIG- bargain: cozy - 5-roomed cottage,
w;th porcelain sink and hot-water \boilerr
sunny side, close to San Pablo aye.; street
work all .done. -including stone walks; all
newly papered and painted. Address for Quick
sale box 237S. Call of flee. Oakland.- •'
. OAKLAXD COTTAGES- TO LET. , ,
SUNNY flower^ flat, 8 large rooms;' electric ser-.
Vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality;. will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; "Eighth
ave. electric cars corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come wjth 1 block. - Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE POJ^J^LJ^*
FURNITURE good, and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR H 0^ 831^^ 1^*®^
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping, 2 beds,
double parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; single, $4.
GEARY, 1527 — Front unfurnished connecting'
rooms with alcove, running water, gas range,
bath. ¦ - - ¦ ¦ ¦' '¦¦¦¦'
GROVE,'. 429 A — 2 ' unfurnished sunny rooms;
" suitable for housekeeping; $5. ¦ . - - \
OAK, 119 — 2 parlors,' .$16; large front room,
. $10; email room, $4; all furnished housekeepg.
VALENCIA," 12S— 3 furnished sunny rooms; al-
cove and kitchen; adults; references; large
porch. -¦ " ' - v ' • .¦ * ...-.''
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and. Vnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached;. 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
' light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market: (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed : rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦
EDDY, -724: — Front bay-window sunny roam;
nicely newly furn.; hot & cold water, .¦ bath,
I phone; suitable for 2; 11 to 1 and 5 to 7.
ELLIS 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 50 night; $1 50, $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 606 — Nice. sunny suite of rooms; .fire-
place in both rooms. ...¦.,¦-
FRANCISCO HoteJ— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
- ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 622^ — Nice furnished rooms; bath and
gas. .-.:"• .. ¦ - .-..'.•''¦'
GOLDEN GATE, 758 — Large sunny room suit-
able for 2 gents; running water; $12; priv.
GOUGH," 706 — 2 large unfurnished sunny rooms;
"¦water; stove, gas; use -of bath; no children.-
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single; elevat.
GRANT ave.. 17 — Pleasant sunny rooms A At
reasonable rates.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post-^Offlce or sunny
furnished rooms, ed suite or single.
LOCUST ave., 125, near Van Ness— Neatly fur-
nished front room, $1 25 per week.
MARTINET, " 1101 Geary— Handsome -suites;
private -baths; newly furnished- single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
.bay-window room ; $1 per week; transient.
NEW. ARLINGTON,. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; 'day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 797— Elegantly furnished sunny
" rooms; strictly' first-class. ¦' : ¦¦ ' '•¦¦-.•
POLK, 1002 — Furnished flats, suites and' single
: rooms, cheap and clean, at the Ivanhoe. . ¦
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; -elevator on ground
-floor; rooms -with hot' and cold- water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth at.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. •
STEAM HEAT and albfnodern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk t st.\ .V , . ;*.;. :
VAN NESS ave., 1429, SW. corner of Pln«P-
Large sunny bay-window newly furnished
rooms; sras. bath, running -water, telephone,
• etc^ alsp a large unfurnished y room.' ;• .:'-;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptibna
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established s at .1098
"Valencia st. - . ¦ - • -¦ ¦¦-'¦- - - - .
'ROOMS AND BOARD., .r;
BERTLING, 736 Bush — Elegant sunny .suits;,
also, single rooms;, billiards for amusement'
of guests; superior table; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly.
furnished; good table; In warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia 6t.- . . - .'• . -,
HOTEL Dennistcn, cor. Valencia and 21st sts..
—In the "Warm Belt"; free from preyalhns
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. < . . .
THE Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
'. with board, $22 50 up; excellent table. , .
ELEGANTLY furnished Bunny single' suite;,
excellent board: private. 1048 Ellis st.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy — High-class house;
suites & single; board optional p steam heat."
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA, -807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular' rates.
VAN NESS. 619^Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.: 2 to'5 gents; best table board.
•ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.'
WANTED — Room lend board for two -adults
. and one child ; north of Market. Address
box 2S23, Call office. '
ROOMS WANTED. .
WANTED — Furnished room in - exchange ¦" for
$100 lot, which will be worth .probably $500 in
five years. Box 2811, Call office. •
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE-AW111 lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206' Market St.,
and get cured; treatment free.. .- - : ."
SPECIAL* vNOTICES:
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan- girls - and boys have been ad-
mitted to " the asylum from July 1, 1901, ] to
' January 1, 1902: Edna Dussure 1 year 6
months; Gertrude Westphlel, 0 years '6
months; Helen Westphlel. 4 years 3 months;
Bessie Irwln; 2 years 3 months ; Charles Kat-
to, 4 years 10 months ; Violet Katto, 1 . year
11 months; Leo Morres. 5 years 8 months;
Daisy Morres, 3 years 6 months; Pauline
Hoxall, 6 years; Elsie Hoxall, 4 years; Kath-
erine Boyd, 4 years 7 months; Winnie Coal-
mann, 9 years; Lotta Coalmann,: 6 ; years 10
months; Sadie Coalmann, 13 years; Will
HUltin, 3 years 10 months; George Hilltin,/
2 years; Alice Murry; 5 years 5 months; Gei-
tle Murry, 3 years; Robert Murry, .2 years;
Annie Moldo 5 years -1 month; Edmund
Munny, 5 years 11 months; Mary Caroline
Nowlan, 4 years 11 months ; - Thomas Donn,
5 years 2 months; Albena Gazano. 8 years M
months ; Bernard Rose, 4 years ; 7 months ;
Mary Vbgelsange, 8 years; Ruble Denny, 0
years; Florence Wall, 3 years; Mary Green,
j .5 years; Evalyn " Segers, ' 2 years; Mary
• Weisen, 7 years 8 months; Loretta Shanahan,
11 years; Ada Whitney, .10 years 11 'months;
Charles BUckbiee, 5 years ; Isabella' Magulre,
" 10 years; VBenJamin Pacllla, 4 .years :7
months; Lulu Pacilla. 3 years 7 months:
. Edward Smith, 6 years; James Smith, 8
years; Roy. Smith, .6 years; Ethel Smith, 4
years. ¦¦-..¦- .
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
• Home Society hereby ¦ gives notice . that they-
have admitted into the orphanage from July
1, .' 1901, to January . 1, ' ; 1902, the following-
named orphans " and half -orphans, "boys and
girls : Isidor Cohen, 13 yrs. : 4 mos. ; » Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs/4 mos,; JHannah Felngold,
8- yrs. 2 mos.; Henry Felngold,' 6 yrs. 6 mos.;
David Feingold. 10 yrs. 4 mos. : Alma 4 Wolff,
7 yrs. 3- mos. ; -Sam Bruckner, 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 6 yrs.- 5 mos. ; Sam Shaphran,
8 yrs. 11 mos. ; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. ¦ 1 mo. ;
Frank Shaphran,. 5 yrs. .-4 mos.; Samuel Pud-
' H'n, 10 yrs. .6 mos.; David Pudlln, 8 yrs. 3
mos.; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Clarence
Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Louis Friedman," 9 yrs.
2 mos.; Henry, Friedman, 7 yrs. 1 mo. ; Hy-
~ man Friedman,* 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Ros-
enthal,* 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal,- 4
'-'yrs.; Ruben Vidaver. 12 .. yrs. ; Matthias : Vl-
daver, 10 yrs. - 9 v mos. ; ' Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs.-- 7 mos.;" 'Mamie '-Levy; 1 8- yrs. 4 -mos.;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs. 3, mos. -,'-_• -.- " V-j
THE secretary of the San -Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith- gives notice
that the. following orphan and 'half-orphan
. girls and < boys v have been admitted to the
asylum— on Haight - st. — from -July 1, 1901, to
January 1,1902: Doris B. Whltehorn, 2yrsi
6 mos.; TessieV. Bu»ck,*9 yrs: 10 mos.; Lena
' Schmidt. 7 yrs. 1 nio. : Lena-M. Hamborger,
¦6. yrs.; Harry Klang, 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whltehorn/ 6 'yrs. 6 mos.; Herbert O.
Seemann, 5" yrs. '.'4 mos-.'; Percy W." Stapleton,
•'8 yrs." 10 - mos."; - 1 Harry.- Hamberger,- 4 yrs.* 5
- mos. ;¦¦" James A.'- 'Ferguson, "8 yrs. : 5- mos".;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos.-^Rudolph Bohde,
8 yrs.; William Hill. 8 yrs. 4, mos.; .William
Randolph, 7 yrs. 5 mos.; Herbert W." Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvig. 10 yrs. 5 mos.
. r R R SOXALS--C<^jMii^l^^-fj
Masquerade ccstuines nt H. Anderson" *.' theatr.i-
cal ccEtuiner. /28 O'Farrell: country orders.
"1 A1LOK-MADK fuits. $7 00; dresa pan.ts.' $2 50.
Misfit ClothluK Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure"; 25c; all druggists. !
aLFKEDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hsir tc Us natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one . year for $1. !
PHYSICIAXS ASDSURGEOX 8;^
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physicUn and
surgeon, at 1122 Market et.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C" O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.:
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonial!! at offlce. 115-117 Mason, rr. E1IK
PI^AXING- AXP TORMXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ". """" '•
. . .;¦.--•¦ 14 Montgomery St.
AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION .
AUCTION , AUCTION AUCTION
At our salesroom, MONDAY, January 20, 1902,
at 12 o'clock noon. • •
• ¦ REFEREE SALE,
The following piece to be offered by order
of Gustav H. Umbsen, sole referee. Subject
to confirmation by the court:' ... ¦' •¦*
No 4373 Twenty- fourth st.". : SE.^ cor. .Hoff.-
man ave. ; well-built cottage of 5 rooms, with
stable in rear; windmill, etc. ; cars pass the
door; lot 65x100. • - * •-*
LAMBERT ESTATE. V ¦
¦ Administrator Sale.
No. 106S-1070 Howard st. T and No. 577-579
Natoma st.. bet. 6th and 7th; . Improvements
consist of 2 stores. 3 flats of 4 rooms each and
2 lodging-bouses of 14 and 19 .rooms each;
rents $1692 per annum. : '• . ¦ ¦ • . -
This property is . only. 2 blocks from Market
st. and 1 block from the new Postof flee; lot
50x165, irregular. Subject to confirmation by
the court. .- •, ¦ . ¦. ";:
DOWNTOWN, INVESTMENT.
No. 412 Taylor St., bet. O'Farrell and Geary:
good substantial improvements; consist' of "3
flat? of 7-8 rooms and. bath each; rents $118
per month; lot 25x87:0. ,- !
BRANNAN-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 432-434 Brannan st. and No* 1-3 Freelon
st.. bet. 3d and 4th; substantial improvements
consist of store and 3 rooms. 2 flats of 7 rooms
and bath and 2 houses of 7 rooms each; rents
$S5 per month; lot 35x160; 3 frontages.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
No. 1815 Broadway, bet. Gough and Octavia
sts. ; an «legant residence consisting of 22
rooms and bath; in perfect order; surrounded,
by desirable residences; large lot; ample, sun;
lot 42:9x120; terms very easy.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 2422 Clay st. north side, near Fillmore:
modern bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; in perfect order; lot 25x90; bank mort-
gage of $&00 at 6 per cent can remain. ' ¦ ¦
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT, r :
No. 2303^ Howard Bt., near 19th; 2-story
building consisting of store and 3 rooms and
bay-window flat of 5 rooms and bath; brick,
foundation, etc.; rents $ 28. per month; lot
21:1014x75:6. \
- MISSION INVESTMENT- ¦ •
No. 164-166 San Carlos avk, - bet. Mission
and Valencia, 18th and 19th sts.; 2 dwellings
of 6 rooms each; rents $2$ per month; brick
foundation, etc. ; lot 25x80. '
I PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 1335 Pacific et;", near Hyde; frame build-
ing occupied as Chinese laundry. -under lease;
rent- 925 per month ; tenant ¦ pays water anc
makes all repairs; lot 22:6x65. ' ..
MISSION COTTAGE.'
No. 3537 Twenty-Eecond st., near Dolores;
cottage of 5 rooms; nicely located and shel-
tered from winds and fogs; cars pass the door;
lot 25x100. . ¦ \
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
No. .2763 Octavia St., near Union; good cot-
tage of 6 rooms; street bitumlnized and ac-
cepted by the city; lot 31x72.
For further particulars apply to- ', ' "
. ;._. g. a. umbsen & co..
¦¦ ', ¦ . 14 Montgomery St.,
EASTON. ELDRIDGE "& CO ~ ? r ~
.638 MARKET STREET.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT-
$16,500— Two stores and 2 flats, 6 rooms and
bath, on Post st., and only ten min-
utes* walk from Kearny and Market
sts.;' rents $1302 -per annum; 28-foot
frontage;, mortgage of $8000 -can re-
main at 6 per cent.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS 'RESIDENCE. ;
112,500 — Elegant modern residence of 12 rooms
and bath on .Washington st.;' rents $75
per month; commanding an unob-
structed marine view; large lot 32x t
102:8%.-; ¦ .- j ._ . ."."i;.-^
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS. ',
$9,750 — Three new modern flats of 6-6-7 rooms
and bath; north side of 'street; just
" - finished;, rents under a lease for $1170
per annum; a gilt 'edge Investment In
a rapidly growing district; lot -25x103
feet. - r . -\.
ELEGAifT CLAT-ST. FLATS.
$8,000 — Two new- flats, nearly , finished on
¦ the north, ride of Clay. st. near"- Ba-
ker: rents $82 50 per month; 6-7 rooms,
bath, basement and' attic; lot -25x
-127:8%. : -
BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE
ON EASY TERMS. - ¦ - . "
$4.500 — A modern two-story residence 8 rooms
and bath; near Haight st.; sun and
light all day; lot 25x100 feet.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS COTTAGE. "
$500 Cash, balance same as rent; pretty
cottage. 5 rooms and bath; surrounded
by new and elegant residences; price
$2000.
•" WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$1,800— Well built, substantial cottage 4
rooms, bath and basement; on Steiner
st., near Filbert; only two years old;
lot 25x100. ..
' MODERN MISSION COTTAGE. ¦
$1,500 — Handsome bay-window . cottage, ¦ 5
rooms and bath; north side of street
and only one block from the Mission-
=t. cars; lot 25x114 -feet; this cottage
• can be bought for a small amount cash
and the balance in monthly payments.
CHOICE BUILDING - LOTS. : "
$4,000— Washington St., near Lyon; north
Bide, 25x127:8%. ' / .
$1,250 — North side of Twenty-second St., near-
Florida; 25x104.
$950^— Golden Gate ave., near Masonic ave::
25x100 feet. . .-
$750 — Golden Gate ave.. near First ave.:
26x137:6 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. '
-638 Market st- ..
$8000 — FINE house in Presidio Heights; must
b«» sold; built In 1899; 10 rooms; 2; baths;
reception hall, library, china closet, slde-
boanj, furnace,* mantels, electric lights and
gas; basement has laundry; fine view and
choice locality;' lot is 35x100; "permit at our
offlce; owner going East; furniture for sale
also. . THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
'¦¦"'.: S. Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalT
¦ 16 pages, tn wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL, ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Sale
FOR EALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO---^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Ranchb
Cotatl Sonoma Co. ; future value assured as
Ran Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. .Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 802 California Bt., for pam-
phlets and Information." ¦ -.•..'•>'.
FOR sole — 80-acre stock ranch 2 miles from
Fresno; all fenced, stocked and running now;
write for particulars.' W. A. WHITE,
Fresno, Cal.
$15,000— FOR eale. Sausalito, 7 houses, "large
pieca of land. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City
Hall Square. " . . ; ,
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to tell: right locality: big money; easy
payments.- HEALY & CARR, 6Eddy.st. J .
A NICE list of chicken ranches near Petaluma
E. N. EMMONS & SON., 11 Montgomery st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Ca.1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY .REAL ESTATE.
$3750 — A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
Just being finished; lot 50x156; only 5 min-
utes' walk to the university; In the very
. best part of Berkeley. - - • - - -
-. • ••-••¦;¦. JOS. J. MASON. -- •
.....-,.¦ Real Estate. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADYERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALB; REAL ESTATE.
AN unparelleled opportunity ; 200x130 feet, cor.
> Wilson ave. and Hopkins st.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 0 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote. etc. ; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 -minutes from Oakland or one
hour from S. F.;- rent $35. a month; price
$4000. Apply J. R." FREUD, Mills building, i
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
FOR' RENT — Frultvale ave., cor. School St.;
elegant 2-£tory house, modern; 9 rooms, bath;
laundry; gas and sewer, connections; no f orb
nor harsh winds; wide and deep lot; rent $25;
select section. 403 Seventh St.. * opposite
Broadway station.' ".H/ZA JONES. ' *
*ED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon. ¦
Southwark. .....Jan. 22 Zeeland .Feb.12
Vaderland Jan. 28 Haverford .....Feb. 19
Kensington ....Feb. B Frfesland ......Feb. 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. ra.
Philadelphia . . .Jan. 2lf Philadelphia ...Feb.12
St. Paul Jan. 23JSt. Paul Feb. 19
St. Louis. Feb. 5) St. Louis Feb. 28
WE* TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, L03D0N, PABI3 ,
AMERICAN LINE.
VOVRV T«» MUV — r^—t—***
Ob real estate. 1st or 2nd mortpageE. & on fur-
tr.lture or piaTios: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 327 Market, room <il«.
ON furniture, pianost no removal: -monty
.juick: lowest interest: easy terms: no bro«cer-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market Bt.. room CS.
.,'.. ON furniture and pianos; $1* up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 0 Eddy.
$10 ud on furnitirt-e. pianos: no conr: private
party. Ft. Ann's bldg.. ti Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commis.: confidential, 'n'hitehea*. l«10 Mkt.
<)N" «alarie"= V T. plan: indorsed paper dis-
'counted. "tOUPLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON" furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt.
'F rou want a home I will loan you money to
buy it- A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome Et.
CN salaries without '.ndorser; other proposi-
j ions. £. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indcrser: Easterp
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan t>13*.
KIUSICAL IXSTRU5IEXTS.
THE month of January is a "special sale"
month for all who buy pianos from ¦ us, as
we take our annual invoice February 1 and
want to turn out as much stock as possible.
Improve this opportunity to get one of the
best pianos made for a price not much more
than a cheap-grade instrument is often sold
for. All our pianos are fully warranted.
THE ZEXO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 7O
Market st. - ¦
AGAIN we remind you that our piano ' stock,
both new and eecond-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
«?asy payments of $6 per month: come good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month: -SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stein way dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth 6t., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos. .
LESTER Pianos. " - -. ¦•
HAMILTON Piaooa.
SPEILMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS. ¦/
BTB.ON MAUZT. SOS-310-312 Post tt.
ATTENTION" BARGAIN-HTJXTERS—
Second-hand upright planoe from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from 525 up; n« w "P^ht
pianos from f 175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 OTarrell. Chickering, Mason
& Hainlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up. credited If purchased;
installments $3 up: big allowance for old
pianos; bargains $25 up in Steinways. Heine,
Chlckering. etc Agent* wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary et.
A FTJXiL-SIZED upright piano, $SS; elx-octave
Mason & Hamlln organ. $35; Steinway
BQuare, $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275; Bech-
etein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
6ON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND," Agents.
A>T piano eold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knal)«. at regrulat
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a plane
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
git established 1SS0.
A BTECK. Everett, Hardman. Ltidwlg. Pack-
ard, Klngsbury or Smith & Barnes plane
can only be bought from. THE WTLEY' B.
ALLEN CO., 833 Market St. Popular prices!
Easy termit
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
warfl: values best In the city. PIERCE' £
PIAKO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — 6LAT7GHTER sale of ctorag^ pianos; din
cheap. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market et
PRIVATE party will sacrifice account deatt
hanflsome new 3-pedal upright piano. 595 Ellis.
STILL renting new pianos. $3 per month
SCOTT-CCRTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st.
$150 — OX sale, upright grand; cost $600; maki
cash o2er. Room 36, 217 Geary st. -
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright. SCHMITZ
16 McAllister et.. next Hlbernia Bank.
S125 — ECHLEIP upright, excellent condition
$75; Urard upright. Eonmng, 216 McAllister
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, lold. and new. H
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 I^tham place
AT KEEFFTTS, 22 Turk 6t.. near Market-
Shoning-er, Schubert and Stelnway bargain*
XEW HYGIEXIC TREATMENT.
DR. ALICE J. PRATHER late of. New Tork
has permanently located at 607 Van N>s
ave.; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Polk 1421
OFFICES AA'P STORES TO LET.
FOURTH, 803^4 — Store and basement to let
suitable for fcarfware Ftore. Apply J~DE-
MARTIXL 817 Washington Et. . , ..
EMMA Sprecke.ls building, 927 Market st. — Of-
ficee with modern conveniences. $15 to $25.
ASHTOX & GARDINER.
HANDSOME large store; very reasonable. 325
Pacific Et.. near San*Sme.
OIL.
OIL tanks, eecond-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap- H. S. WHITE. B16 Mission at.
~ PAL3IISTRY.
MRS. ALDRIDGE, celebrated palmist; childrer
specialty. 1010 Larkin: no sign; read, daily.
G. L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 1 700 Poet; phone Hyde 2333.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 81!
Taylor st.. bet Geary and Post; tel.Black S61,
PAINTCRS MD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; tinting done. Hartmai
Paint Co.. 319 Third st. ; tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS AN'D PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. P. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVED— Ladles, don't "look old; Dr N^ DE
EAVOTEKT of Paris, greatest authority 01
femtnln* beauty, will meet you at La Vertti
Parlors cna Instruct you how to acquire am
preserve health, youth and beauty; afte:
ye&n of earnest etudy is able to give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles withou
the knife that excels anything ever given li
thla country; electrolysis with modern Eu
topeaa method clears the face of all blem
tabes without pain or scar. Phone Folson
446. 11*0 Market st,. opposite Hale'g.
LABT Bat. nignt, 11:55 o'clock, man 6 lee
high, ISO pounds, dark mustache, bras:
chain and gold watch, boarded car golnj
east at Baker and Greenwich sts. Any om
knowing his whereabouts or knowing of hin
passing Peru money please address box 2825
Call office.
AS elegant line of remnants for suits to onier
lit; with these cults we make an extra pat
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install
meats. $1 weekly. L. LEMO% 1117 Marke
St.. between Seventh and Eitrfcnh. ,-y ,-..¦»;
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchestei
Hotel 44 Third et.. near Market; 700 rooms
iic to U M per night; $1 50 to $6 per week
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry
WHY guess? You can be certain of style ant
tit by using St&ndard Patterns; Feb. pattern
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth
ADOPTION — Fine, healthy baby for adoption
married couple without children preferred
$500 cash goes* with baby. Address Pliysl
clan, box 281J», Call office. >--.:¦.
A— WHAT do you think! O. BERMAN, 4
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns
ANTIQUE! jewelry, diamonds, pearls, preciou
stones antiques and curios bought. Tin Oil
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st, Nat Raphael
HAUIDRESSING, any style. 25c; ewitche
from $1 up; shampooing. 50c; massaging, 50c
manicuring 25c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarte;
or double, |2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINC
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton et., near Broadway
£ing Chong & Co. has removed from 115. Stock
ton to SC8 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, when
can be found fine stock of ladies* underwear
10,000 PERSONS on whom to cure cancerox
diseases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth st, roon
11 ; call after 7 p. m. - - - *
MRS. DAVISON. 1646 Market St.. phone How
ard 20S8. professional chaperon; best o:
references. , •¦
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; -li
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 457 Minna st
MAGNETIC massage treatments given to eithe:
sex by strong man. Box 2216. Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed witr
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st
A Ti IF - y <?»r balr JlJaUing or you are bald call 01
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular,
THE A' VIDA COMPANY permanently cure:
etomach trouble. 763 Valencia St., cor. l»th
°^t«J£ Tr^. TO °TH AC . HE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
ilrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 968 Suttar^tel'llrlSnauS
.SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wlrt
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed and roots killed
MRS. ALLIE M NUNN. 1002%^D^lores stT"
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious fttonej
bought. T. F<?rshtand. I2C Kearny st.. rm. 29,
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous 1)»(-
4k moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter^
MASQUERADE costumes, play bock* wlgx-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.; <33 Mkt!
NOTICE Is hereby given*. that Hhe Maria Kip
¦Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
¦ ' has ' received | the- following- orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to > Jan. 1,' 1902 : Jennie Anderson,' aged 7
years, Olga ' Andersen, ¦ 4; . Alice ; Obristr 7:
Onita ¦ V.=- Mayberry; ll;LucyB. Cain, 9; ,
¦ Mary . Colgrove, . 3 : .. Mary M^_ Crankshaw. . 6 ;
Gladys Crankshaw, 5 :', Adelaide Parker, 10;
•Margaret . Vofs, 10; Joycelln E. Martin, 11;
Ethel Plant, 12: Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe,
9; Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe, ' 2; -Ruth
Congdon. ' 7; Mildred 'Congdon, 5; Florence
Hodge, 13 months; Grace Bess, 5 years: Irene
Joues, • 10. ¦¦"¦-- •¦"'-.•" - "/ _ -'¦:•. -
THE following half-orphans 'have been received
in the S. F. • Nursery for Homeless Children
¦ since last publication :*S Violet Lumberge, . 4
years- of age; ": Marion : Williams, 2 years of
age;. Robert D.^Mackay, 5 years of age. .
3AD tenants ejected ¦ for $4; collections -made:'
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.'
SEWING MACHjgLESj^^lgyJt'jPLIES.
ALL kinds 'bqiught,. "sold, rented, • exchanged ; re-
pairing; lowestrate^TeI^Blackll24.205'4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
j offlce Post aiid Powell sts:; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840. Mis-
sion St.; tel.- Howard 941: F~. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. :2320 ¦ Fillmore st.: phone Jackson -281.
BEKINSVan and Storage. Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel.' Main 1840;. shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AX _D _ SUPPLIES. J
GREAT: BARGAINS IN -TYPEWRITERS — We
sell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the city; rentals, $3.. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doetfWs:estimate free. 209 Sansome.
' -^j v j PiyiDEffP NOTICES. " ¦
DIVIDEND Notice— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January v.7th, 1902. a dividend was de-
clared for j the • half-year I ' ending December
31st, 1001, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and , after the 15th
inst: Transferibooks will be closed from the.
10th to the 15th inst., both days inclusive.
¦ ¦ ,- GEO. GRANT. -SecreUry. .
_\._____ P_ ROFOSAllS ' '.** __.
SAN- FRANCISCO, Cal., January 13, 1002. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be .re-
ceived here until 11 a. m.; Thursday, Febru-
ary 13, 1002,' and then opened," for construc-
tion of tHree Iron Storehouses at the Pre-
"siaioof San Francisco," Cal.' -Government re-'
' serves right to reject . or accept any or all
' bids In whole or in part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions*
of. price and quality (including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing, equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production " produced - on
the. Pacific . Coast, to extent^ of consumption
required by the. public service there. - Infor-
mation furnished on application _ to D. J>.
WHEELER. Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.-- ¦•;:.-.-¦•¦'¦: r ..-. ; . - .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The ''¦. following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦ ' • • ¦
John- H. Gage,' 28, « 1069 Market street, and
Isadora ¦.-¥*".'-. Gray,"'- 22, -1139 Market street. :
Albert' Nathan, 30, ¦ 28 St-venth street, and
Lulu Jones, Z&, 2121 "Mission street., •' •
Par-.can McKenzle, 35,' city, andp Beckie
Shulmun,' 2S, city. ¦"'< .
Harry F. Smith, 38,' 358 Geary street, ; and
Annie E. White, 2S, 358 Geary street/
Jose C. Nunes,", 29, city, j and Katie T, East-
ham, : 2", Omaha, Nebr: .. - ..
Joseph C. Bello, 26, 72 Jessie street, arid
Mary K. Bowen, 26, 928 Folsom street. '
"Walter Mitchell,; 27, 321 Twenty-ninth street,
and -L'lnma'Feltz, ,23, Santa Kosa. -
George H. Vogan, 30, Keswick, and Mabel
E. Tyler, 19. Keswick. '" V
BIRTHS-MARRI&&ES-D£Am
, . :>..' 0h ¦ B0EN. '-. ' . !. -
BROWK— In this city, January. S, 1902, to the
• wife of Matthew Brown; a son.
BURGESS-r-In this city, January 13, 1902, to
the ..wife of J. E. Burgess,, a daughter. . •
GUERRERO— To the wife of 'Albert Guerrero,
-a flac^hter.' •¦'-. • : - - •. -.....--.;,.
GUGGENHEIM— In 'Kobe,' Japan, December
'24, 1901,. to the wife, of J. Guggenheim (nee
I Hesf-), a son. .,.. , ,
ROSENWASSER— In this city, January 14,^
: 5190:2; to» the wife of 'Julius Rosenwasser, a
'daughter/;-- i. : - ¦ ; .-¦ ¦¦«; , ,-¦ -y ¦ : '-¦ " ¦ - - - .
¦•••'¦•— MAHBIEI). -. ; .""
FR6NTIER-*NUNENMAkER— In ! this city,
January 13,., 1902,. by the Rev.. Dr. John A.
I B./. Wilson. . Alfred . E. -Frontier ' and . Clara
1 . Nunenmaker, both of. Oakland.
;¦.;•••-?. :¦"- - sTJIED. , - _r _
Breslauer, Baruch Little, Col. Wm.' C
.Briggs,- Rev. M.'C. Lyons, - Edward F.
! Bryant, Henrietta F. ¦ McCreagh, Michael'
Burk, Gladys C. . McDonald. Lillian A.
•Cook, George H. McGrath, Mary
; Craig, Johanna ' McGreer, Frederick
Cridge,' Albert ,'- 'Mackenzie, Helen I.
. ' De Blois, Fanny R. Magoonis, George
Edsar, ,W111 F. Makela, John
Farenkam, Cant. O. . ? Mandel, Hannah L.
Frisk. Khristian A. . Mercier, Emlle.A. , :
Fuog, Mrs. Katherine Moulton,' Floyd ¦ ' -
Garrett, Lionel W. Naylor, S. G. -
Gavln-Connell, Mary O'Connell, Patrick
Gilmore,' Cecil H. Plover, Patrick
¦ . Hahn, Katherina Poland, Alary
•Jacobs, Isidor - .: - - Sewell, Mrs. A. W. (
Jerome,' Edward B.- • Smith; Bridgret ' '
. Kilcline, Maria 1 : •"• Swenson, Peter C. G.
Klrkland, Mrs. Jessie Volkmar. Emilie •
- Lamborn, Kate G. . "Winter, Louis
BRESLAUER— In this city, January 14, 1902,
Baruch; beloved husband of Carrie Bres-
lauer, father of Leona Breslauer, and brother
of -Nathan, Marcua and .. Bernard Breslauer,
' Mrs. A. Levy of Dunsmuir, Mrs. Joe Marks
of Qroville and /the late Henry Breslauer, a
native of Kempen, Prussia, aged 60 years.
ERIGGS— Naar Newark, Cal., January 14,
1902, Rev. M. C. Briggs, D.D.. a native of
Rome, N. Y., aged 78 years and. 7 days. ".
JET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, ¦ January 16, 1902, at 11 o'clock,
at the First Methodist Episcopal Church of
¦ Oakland./
BRYANT— In this city, January 13,. 1902. at
her residence, 2910 1 Clay street,.- Henrietta
• Francese Bryant, widow of the late Dr.
Berryman - Bryant, . mother . of* Calhoun and
Dr. Edgar : R. , Bryant, daughter., of/ Mrs.
Henry Reeve Sr., and slster^of Oscar A.,
Henry F., Benj. W. and J." Page Reeve and
¦ ' Mrs. J. B. .Woolsey, a native of Ohio, aged
59 years 8 months and 18 days.- (San -Jose
and Gilroy papers please copy.)
tCTThe funeral services and interment will
be held at Gilroy, Thursday, January .16,
- 1902,~ upon the arrival of the 8 o'clock train
from ¦ San Francisco. .
BURK — In this city, January 14, 1902, Gladys
• Cecilia, beloved daughter of James and
Sarah Burk, and sister of William, Mary,
Rose, Katherine, Esther, .James,' Urban,
Frank and Genevieve 'Burk, a native of San
Francisco, aged >2 years. , • .
-icy The funeral -will take .'place to-morrow
(Thursday)," at 9 o'clock, from the residence
¦ of. the parents, 3007 -.Webster street. Inter-
ment -Holy . Cross Cemetery. .
COOK— In this' city, January, 12. 1002, George
¦ H. Ccok, beloved husband of Mary A. Cook,
/and father of Florence Cook, a • native of
Bath, Maine, aged 61 years 6 months' and 23
¦ ' days. . •• ¦ ¦ ; ,.-.;;:.•¦,: ¦ ¦ - - . .¦¦¦•'•.. .
, .. (E7"The funeral services will be ; held
Wednesday, January 15, 1902, at 10 o'clock
>'at his late residence, 1022 Church street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
under the auspices of Magnolia Lodge No.
' 41,« A. ¦ O. U. W. Interment Mount Olivet
. Cemetery by carriage. --.,'.:-. '-..- . . ¦ .. . .
CRAIG— In this city, January 14, 1902, Jo-
hanna, .wlfj of the late William B. Craig,
and" beloved mother of Alma, Lillian, Wil-
• He and Robert Craig, a" native of Wlscon-
. sin, aged 40 years 6 months and ¦ 12 days. ¦
CRIDGE^-In . this city, January J.4, 1902, Al-
: ¦ bert Cridge, a native of England, . aged- TV
jfears •¦-.,.¦.¦:'¦., ;•• - ¦,.- ¦¦..¦.-_¦
. MCT" The -funeral 'will take place to-day
HENRY J. ' GALLAGHER CO. :
: (Successor to Fl anna san & Gallagher.) •
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. / '~
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
¦ 20: Fifth st., opposite Lincoln - School. '
"i Telephone. South 80. ¦¦ •
Mt Olivet Gemeteryl
; BAN^ BRUNO HILLS. . i
OFFICE 916 MARKET, STREET.
• .- '. • •:¦' J. HENDERSON,' Manager.-
- • - m -• ¦- - -¦ , ..... • .
(united u^ertakSrs)
I 9* ¦ *7 t»i»ti 29 Fifth St. . Tet. South i»7 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&.J ¦
I nne«r.-E«p»>pment^at . Moderate . R^te«. , M -
REMOVED!
«"-.•- -¦; /VlcGllVIM: BROS.. ,
KTJNERAL^DIRECTORS and; EMBALM-"
ERS,", to 224 and 226 1 McAllister st. -'• (For-
merly of 31 Eddy jfL^Tel:± South 252. ) ?
:,= NEW FlKM'OPvUNDBKTAKBRS.
¦•* Samuel McFadden. - 18 . years manager for
the United Undertakers', Association ; M. J.
McBrearty, with the : same - company for 18
years ; ; P. : F. Green, late wit h J. C. . O" Con-
• nor & Co. . . have opened new i Funeral • Par-
lors- at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth." Telephone South 44. ••"-•-',
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
gh^*. Wharf. San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
|iJaJ5^ki_ ¦ Skagrway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m.. Jan. 11. 16. 21. 2a 31.
E1?v!3§3 Vt&l Feb. 5. Change to company's
: SS^Ss^l steamers at Seattle.
/¦'HffSSpSSM For Victoria. Vancouver.
•"" Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
"•^Bl coma, Everett, New Wnat-
com— 11 a. m-^Jan. 11. 16, 21. 26. 81, Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma. to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1 :3O P- m-.
Jan. 12. 17. 22. 27, Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. PotX^jos Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)-*-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of CaL. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). 'Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San
Pedro and 'Newport CBonita only)^
Bonlta. 9 a. m., Jan. 2, 10, 18, 28. Feb. 3.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30, Feb. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ••¦:-;.-¦• •
For further information obtain folders.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICE— * M ew Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
¦ - V 10. Market St., ' San Francisco.
days. ;¦¦;•¦':'•¦•' ; '' ¦.',,¦'•
LYONS — In this city, January 13,' 1902, Ed-
ward F., dearly beloved husband of Mary
Lyons, and father of the late Edward Lyons,
Mrs. Hart. Mrs. Wolter and William, John
and Thomas Lyons, a native of Tuam,
- County Galway, Ireland, aged 68 years.
• • JC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 563% Bryant street,, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
- *oul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy.Croea Cemetery.
McCREAGH— In 1 this city, ' January 14, 1902,
Michael McCreagh, beloved father of Joh •>,
Thomas and Minnie McCreagh and Mrs. Wil-
liam Dillon, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged 76 years. . .;
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, . from his -late
residence," 238 Fifteenth avenue, Richmond
district, thence to Star of the Sea Church,
where a requiem" mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. . v . . - : ¦¦¦'¦'¦
McDONALD^-In this city, ' January 12. 1902.
- Lillian Anne, " dearly beloved daughter of
• Patrick and the late Anna Rice . McDonald,
and devoted sister of William, George, Clara,
Charlotte and Walter McDonald, Mrs.: Frank
Drady and the late Mary and Joseph Mc-
Donald, a native ' of San Francisco. •
¦ !C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at,-9 o'clock, - from her late
' residence, 223 Fulton street, thence to. St.
Mary's Cathedral, where, a solemn > requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul' at 9:30 o'clock; Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery, by carriage. •-..-'"-' " *J
McGRATH — In. this city, January, 14, 1902,
Mary, beloved wife of ' Michael - McGrath,
mother of Margaret, Alice and -Eileen Mc-
Grath, sister, of Mrs. Martin Walshe, and
aunt of Hannah Halley, a native, of County
¦' Waterfprd," Ireland, aged 85 years. ; . ;
C3rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 :30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 160 Clara ' ' street, - 1 thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where' a :requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
". soul at -9 o'clock.'. Interment - Holy Cross
"Cemetery. . , ..-::. :"—.^;_~_... ¦-. •
1 McGREER — In this '- city, "January 14. 1902,
O Frederick B., beloved husband of Minnie B,
McGreer, and father of Earle McGreer. a
'. native of • Muscantine, la.., aged 33 years 5
months and 18 days. .:'
i-i ETFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully • Invited to attend ¦ the ' funeral services
January 16, 1902. at 4 o'clock, at
the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 224
- and 226 McAllister street, opposite New
- City Hall. Interment at Chicago.. :. ,
MACKENZIE— In East Oakland, January 14,
I 1902, Helen Isabelle, Infant daughter of Mr.
H and Mrs. .T. A. Mackenzie, a native of Oak-
land, aged 3 : months and 10 days.
MAGOONIS— In this city, January 13, . 1902.
George, beloved son of the late Zacharias and
Ellen Magoonis, brother of John, James and
the late Thomas and Christine Magoonis, and
brother-in-law , of Mrs. Nellie Magoonis, a
native of ! San f Francisco, aged . 29 years 9
• months -and (4 days. : -.-:.. -...-.-
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the . funeial to-day
(Wednesday), r at ". 9 . o'clock, from ; his v late
residence, ' 23 Wood street, thence to- Holy
Cross Church, Eddy, street, between Scott
and Devisadero/' where a solemn . requiem
high mass, will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
. terment Holy Cross -Cemetery. ¦-: -
MAKELA— In Oakland; January 14, 1902, John"
Makela, a native of Finland,- aged • 63 years.
- EyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
> fully invited to attend the . funeral . services
Thursday, > January 16, 1902,. at 2:30 o'clock.
at the pjprlors > of i the • National i Undertaking
Company. ¦ corner. Eighth street" and Broad-
-' way.i Oakland. '^ssftBWMWKWWfeiie*'^ '
MANDEL— In this - city,-: January" 13, 1902,
Hannah L. Mandel, beloved mother of ; Louis
and ¦ Hattie / Mandel,- • daughter • of ' Mrs: ~ L. '
- • Rothschild,'" and sister . = of , Mrs..' I. W. Goid-
' man, -Mrs. • N. Gersonr- Mrs."'. B."' Grunbaum,
' Mrs.-E. Tauszky and Henry and Lulu Roths-
child, : a' native of New 'York,' aged 55 years
4' months , and 13 days. ;•; T5S9fct*8BHSB5giiaB
.' • . IC3*Friends : and ! acquaint ances are - respect-
fully invited -;. to : . attend the funeral •¦ to-day
" (Wednesday), . at 10 o'clock." from - the-j-esi-
dence , of. her mother,"? Mrs.- L. Rothschild, '
vate. •
LAMBORN— In Alameda, January 14, 1902,
- Kate G., beloved wife of L. H. Lamborn,
mother of Gladys M. Lamhprn, and sister of
Mrs. M. A. Cummings, .Mrs. L. G. Thomp-
eon and Mrs. J. J.' Greene, a native of Sac-
ramento, Cal.' ' -.
(cyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 16, 1902, at 10 o'clock," from her late
•residence, 1518 St. Charles street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, -at 10:30 o'clock, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
• the. repose of her soul. Interment private.
LITTLE — In. Oakland, January 14, 1002, at
his residence, 3621 Broadway, Colonel Wil-
liam Cofnri Little, a native of Honolulu.
- Hawaii, aged 65 years 6 months and . 27
under, the auspices of Oakland Lodge No.
171, B. P. O. E. Interment private Friday.
KILCLINE— In this city." January 13, 190$
Maria, beloved daughter of Michael and the
late Margaret Kllcline, and Bister of Maggie,
' John, . Joseph and ' Eddie I Kllcline and the
late Willie Kllcline, a native of Boston,
Mass. , " "-¦¦¦-•. '
EyRemalns at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 224 and 226 McAllister street.
KIRKLAND^-ln' Oakland, i January 14, 1902,
Mrs. Jessie .Klrkland. -mother of W. W.,
James, D. W.. .J.N. and A. W. - Klrkland
. and Mrs.-. James A. Kennedy,,. a native of
Scotland, aged 81 years 11 months and 14
days.* i (Hamilton, Toronto and Trenton, Can-
ada, papers please copy. )\ • •
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday afternoon, January 1C. 1902, at 2
o'clock, at the Hotel Touralne, Fourteenth
r 'and Clay streets, Oakland. Interment pri-
at the Elks' Hall, 1107 Broadway. Oakland,
flowers. . - , ¦ ' - -•--.--
JEROME— In Oakland. January 14, 1902, 1 Ed-
ward Baker Jerome, a native of Illinois, aged
57 years 7 months and 7 days. .
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited . to attend the funeral services
Thursday afternoon, January 18, at 3 o'clock.
Cemetery..
JACOBS-^In this city, January - 12, ! 1902, Isi-
dor, dearly beloved husband of Pauline Ja-
cobs, father of Mrs. Celia Betzel and Jake
Jacobs, and brother of --Mrs. H. Schoenberg
and L. Jacobs, a native of Straasburg, West
Prussia, aged 71 years 2 months and 5 days.
C? Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
ten-1 the funeral services to-day i (Wednes-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence,
1308% Ellis street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
I •¦ - E?"Not!ee~of : funeral j hereafter. ¦ - '
EDGAR— Gone to rest, January 13, 1902, Will
F. Edgar, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Edgar, father of . Lillian R. and Lincoln k L.
¦ Edgar, - and <- brother-in-law of Dr. F. F.
5 Lord, a native of Iowa, aged 46 years. I !
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2; o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1193 Oak street. Interment Laurel
.'Hill Cemetery.
FARENKAM— In this city, January 13, 1902.
i Captain LOlof Ferdinandt Larsen Farenkam.
'a native of Denmark, aged 79 years 3 months
: and' 23 days. - , -¦ 3 •
¦ lE?"Friends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
. to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,' at Red
Men's Hall, 320 Post street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 40S
Powell street, -near Post. ••: ¦ : v -
FRISK— In this city. January 14, 1902, Khris-
i tian A." Frisk,. a' native of Finland, aged 54
years. , . ' . _ -.- • ' : ' • '
. E7Frlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to ' attend the funeral to^ay
'."(Wednesday), • at 2 o'clock. "from", the Odd
Fellows' building:, corner . Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, I..O: O. F. Interment laurel
Hill Cemetery. Remains at the funeral par-
lors of Bunkar & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic ¦ Temple.
FUOG — In this city. January ¦ 12, 1902, Mrs.
Katherine Fuog, beloved mother of ; C. J.
Frisch. a native of Switzerland, aged ,72
years. . ¦ . '*"'¦'¦ " • T ' ' ¦ •
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock.' from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
: Mount Olivet Cemetery-
GARRETT— In this city, January 14, 1902,'
Lionel W. Garrett. dearly beloved son ; of
Thomas and Mary Garrett, aged 5 years and
' 2 numtbs.
GAVIN-CONNELL— In this city, January 13.
1902, • Mary' Connell, dearly beloved mother of
William, Peter, John and Rose Gavin and
Mrs. Thomas Dwyer, a native of Ireland,
aged 63 years.-- ' " -, -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited " to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 206 Moulton street, oft Fillmore,
between Lombard and Greenwich, thence to
St. BriRid's Church, where a solemn re-
- qulem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross -Cemetery. ->. .
GILMORE— In % this city, January 13, , 1902,
Cecil Hazel, beloved daughter of William, A.
and Rosie Gilmore, and sister of Grade and
Henry Gilmore, a native -of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 6 months and 14 days. " •:¦
(CThe funeral -will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, B from the • re*t=-
derice of the parents, , 361 Clementina street.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HAHN— In Oakland, January r l4, ' 1902, and
lately from Haywards, Katherina, beloved
wife of the late Jacob Hahn; and mother of
John Beck, Adolph, Emil and George Hahn,
-Mrs. Rose Barron and the late Cynthia Kast,
a. native of Germany, aged 7-4 years 5 months
and 8 days. .-,•".':,/"' .—
[prFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
' January 17, at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1172 Seventh street,' thence to St.
Elizabeth's Church, Bray street, Frultvale,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reoose of . her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Hajrwards
(Wednesday),'. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
V of-J, C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
'Interment I. O.-O. F. Cemetery. - i - ¦¦
DE BLOIS— In this" city, January 14, 1902,
, Fanny R^ wife of the late Captain George
- : Li. : Der Blois, and mother of Mrs. Charles B.
iHolbrook and George E. De Blois,- a?, native
;¦' of Newport, R. I., aged 72 years 10 months
, and 2 days. ... ' . * - '
1918 Fine atreet. Interment - Drtvate. at
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock
train from. Third and To-wnsend streets.
Please omit : flowers.
MERCIER— In this city. January 12. 19Q2.
- Emlli* Armade, beloved husband of Kate M.
Merc'er, and son of Charles H. Mercier. a
- native of San Francisco, aged 37 years 9
¦ months and 8 days.
-C7Frlend» and acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. Thursday.
January 16, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
1 Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. -Intennent Laurel Hill Cfcmetery.
MOULTON— In this . city. January 13. 1902.
Floyd, beloved husband of Margaret Moul-
ton. and fathftr of Mrs. T. F. Bell, a native
of New York, aged W years 4 months and
13 days.
tTThe - funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), from the parlors of Porter &
.White. 122 Eddy street, at 2:30 o'clock. , In-
terment private. ¦ . - - ¦¦:
NAYLOR— In Nana. January 14. 1902. S. G.
Naylor. a native of Brag. County Wlcklow.
Ireland, aged 37 years. A member of Call-,
fornla. Harbor No. 15. - '
O'CONNELL— In this city, January 14. 1902.
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Bridget
O'Connell. and father of John. Daniel and
Alice O'Connell. Mm. H. NIcollnl. Mrs. K.
Boyd and the late Mrs. 3. L. Callahan, . a
native of Ireland.
CFNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PLOVER— An anniversary mass for the^epose
of the soul of the- late Patrick Plo\#r will
be celebrated at St. Ignatius Church to-mor-
row (Thursday), at 8 o'clock. . . *. .
POLAND— In this eity, January 14. 1902,
Mary, beloved daughter of Catherine and the
late James Poland, and sister of Charles,,
Cassle, - Ruby and the late - Annie Poland, . a
: native of San Francisco, aged 20 years . »
months and 2? days. - -
SEWELL— In this City, January 14, 1902, Mrs.
Angelina W. Sewell, wife of Newton Sewell,
and mother of Mrs. Mattle Jones, Amci F.
Sewell and Edward N. Sewell. a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 72 years and 12 days.
£7~Interznent notice later.'
SMITH— In this city, January 12. 1902. Brtd-
. get, dearly beloved wife of James Smith,
mother ot Lizzie, Joseph J. and Edward F.
Smith, and sister of the late Mary Rearddn.
a native of Ireland. .
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-<*ay
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late'
residence, 15 Kate street, off Bryant, : be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem
tmass will be - celebrated' for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
SWENSON — In this city, January 13, 1902,
' Peter C. G. Swenson, late of Stockton, Cal..
beloved cousin of A. W. Anderson and Mrs.
B. O. . Jacobson. a native of Sweden, aged
68 years 9 months and 15 days. (Stockton
papers please copy.)
• C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tp attend the funeral Thursday,
January 16, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and - Sixth. Interment Mount
¦ Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. -,
VOLKMAR— In this city. January M4, 1902,
Emilie, beloved wife of the late Christian
Volkmar, and mother of Mrs. Charles Fey.
Mrs. Louis Wilde, Mrs. Maurice Owens and
the late Sophie Volkmar. a native of West-
phalia, . Germany, aged 59 years 10 months
and 23 days.
!E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respe«t-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
- parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemeterv. .
WINTER— In this city, January 14, 1902.
' Louis Winter, beloved husband of Fannie
M. Winter, and father of Mrs. James W.
Easton, Mrs. Thomas Coleman. Mrs. George
Cornish Jr. and John L. "Winter, a native of
. Germany, aged 8G years 10 months and 8
days.
tCTInterment at Sacramento.
ST. DOMINIC S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
. ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents
and relatives of living members, will be
sung In St. Dominic's Church to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock. ¦YOUNG SOCIETT WOMAN WHO WAS THE GUEST OF HONOR ATi A" LUNCHEON GIVEN: BY MISS • STELLA
FORTMANN YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AND THE BELLE WHO- LEAD i THE GERMAN AT THE FIRST
FRIDAY COTILLON LAST NIGHT. • V-^ni'i .;.,.' ¦,'<'' ' '\ \. s ' : '«
i OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The funeral of; the
late E.' > B. '_ Jerome, * chief :, c"lerk of ; the
Custom-house at • San , Francisco, will,- be
held Thursday '. afternoon J at " 3 -o'clock ! at
* ...;.., i.< . . . ..-, ../
ELKS WILL CONDUCT
. E. B. JEROME'S FTTtfEItAL
We received during > December over
100 patterns of; entirely new things in
moldings which we have not had time to
open- until .now. The beauty, originality
and moderate price of these moldings
will please ; every one having pictures to
frame. On sale. after this date. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 7ti/Market street, DMDO ™.
Pictures . and 'Frames.
Kionhart's Flazseed Balsam
Will curt your cough.' 60 cents at all 'druggist*.
Elks' 'Hall,- 1107 Broadway, under, the di
rection of Oakland ; Lodge I No. > 171, - B. '.: P. ;
O. , E., of • which Mr.VJerome was ; a .mem
ber.: The body wilhbe taken on Friday, to
Odd; Fallows'; Cemetery. •:• San : Francisco,
for. incineration. 1 . The pallbearers will; be
Major .Frederick E. -Whitney. Andrew
Hollywood, Dr.- J/ H. Todd, C. Unger, Wil
liam B.. Hamilton, JohnrA^Britton, G. R.
Lukens and John J. Allen.- v ':; /-. -•-•
Professor Ebeh'ezer Knowlton.. who was
recently ) dismissed from hia position in
the School Department which he had held
for more than thirty years, appealed to
Mayor Schmitz. yesterday to investigate
his case with a view to his reinstatement.
The typewritten' testimony was submit
ted to the Mayor besides a list of allega
tions against the board, including one
that , Knowlton had been" condemned on
charges preferred by. Principal Lyser even
before his trial began. Mayor Schmitz
promised to make a full investigation.
Knowlton Appeals to Mayor.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on February 13
examinations will be held at San Ftands
co and other cities for the following posi
tions: Industrial teacher (female), Indian
service, two vacancies at $600 per annum
each: interpreter (Arabic. Italian and
French), Immigration service, salary $1200
per annum: interpreter (Slavenlsh, Kra
nlsh. Croatian and Italian), Immigration
sTvice. salary $1200 per annum. Persons
who desire to compete, should at once ap
ply either to the secretary of the local
board of examiners, at ' the poa tofflce, or
to the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C. for the neces
sary application forms, which should be
properly executed and filed with the com
mission prior to the hour of closing busi
ness February 8. .
Civil Service Examination.
After the introductions Mayor 1 Schmitz
Invited, his guests into, his; private office,
where refreshments were served. Mayor
Schmitz- then -delivered - a™ toast • to "^rthe
health of Emile Loubet, „ President; of
France. His Honor congratulated" France
for 1 her advancement, in, art, literature
and science,', and' congratulated her J alsp
on her- gallant defenders, including Com
mandant Barnaud and staff. _ .'--'.?
__ In responding to the. sentiments offered
Tjy.the Mayor, Commandant: Barnaud pro
posed a toast to the . prosperity of San
Francisco and also to the health and'wel
fare. of President Roosevelt and the
United States, ."thegrand sister republic
.to the great republic of France."
Mayor Schmitz was the host at a recep
tion tendered to the officers of the French
cruiser Frotet/in his office in : the City
Hall yesterday morning. The reception
was' a . return visit, to one; made to the
cruiser by the Mayor Mast ' Sunday, and
was a pleasant^affair. / , , • . •
The honored guests" comprised Com
mandant L..Barnaud, chief of the Pacific
division, with rank of admiral; Lieutenant
H. Crauzet,- adjutant. of the Pacific divi
sion, .with rank- of captain; L. ¦ Perrier,
midshipman, and P. Laurent;" ensign. The
visitors were escorted to the City Hall by
Police Sergeant Bush and " squad, and
were. • welcomed * cordially ¦' by 1 'Mayor
Schmitz when. they entered his offlce.'iThe
Commissioners . recently. . appointed | by
Mayor Schmitz and" anumber of ; other
city * officials were present to greet the
distinguished .guests. The ' introductions
were made. by A. Ruef, who officiated as
interpreter. ;- y ¦¦'¦¦'.-. ¦¦'_./' ' -
v In speaking yesterday of the successor
to the late. Chief Clerk E. B. Jerome, Cus
toms Collector Stratum said • that he
would not make "any appointment at pres
ent, at least . not.luntil , after '¦ the funeral.
His present 'lntention.Vbe said, was not to
go outside the Custom-house for. the new
appointee, as he -considered, the position
filled by Clerk Jerome to be under, the
civil service "rules, and he wished to make
the appointment j .in<, such a -manner that
as many I promotions as . possible' could be
made all '-along' the 'line; >-^ / '•-¦¦. <!->
.Although the Collector declined to say
anything more definite, It is understood
that he will wait until he hears from Sen
ators Perkins and' Bard in relation:- to. the
matter, ' as those ; gentlemen might -wish
to be consulted regarding their • friends
in- the Custom-house, and perhaps outside
of it. for the Collector said yesterday that
he had been informed that any. civil ser
vice . position could be excluded .. by the
Secretary of the Treasury upon", proper
representation being; made. • There ; are
many men In the department .well quali
fied by length of service and natural at*
tainments to. take the -.vacant -place,- but
it ; would require some time for -them to
become proficient. in i he multifarious du
ties required of a chief clerk.' First-Dep
uty Farley, Deputy Surveyor 1 St.- John,
Captain Craig, Clerk Blinn, Deputy. Naval
Officer iMaslin, Cress Unger, and Cashier
Perkins have been named 'as eligible.can
didates, but Farley, and Maslin are Demo
crats of, golden ; hue, and the party : or
ganization might . object to their { prefer
/ient over the heads cf Republicans- who
have borre the heat and burden :<of the
day and the brunt of the battles Nothing
will be done until after the funeral, and
then not until next week. The desk occu
pied by Jerome Is now in charge of Cress
Unger, who is: discharging its duties sat
isfactorily and who has had an experience
almost as long as that of Jerome. - ¦
MAYOR IS HOST
AT A RECEPTION
The committee then directed the Board
of Works to immediately remove the can
opy and furniture in Judge Dunne's
courtroom to the Hall of Justice and place
the' courtroom he now occupies in posses
sion of the public library. Judge Dunne
grew .highly indignant and stalking out
of the committee room said that he would
see If the Supervisors could compel him
to vacate his chambers. Judge Cook
made a written demand that the com
mittee provide him with a suitable court
roonTin the City Hall even If the Hast
ings Law. College would have to be re
moved to do so. V ¦ •
The application of Judge Cook to be
transferred from the Hallof Justice was
denied by the committee -on the ground
that the Legislature set aside the build
ing for the trial of criminal, cases by the
Superior Court. The committee decided
that it would only assign a courtroom to
Judge Cook if the other Superior Judge
removed tq the Hall of Justice.
Judge? Cook said that he proposed to
assign criminal cases to departments In
the City Hall In the future.
Presiding Judge Cook appeared before
the Building; Committee yesterday and
demanded .that quarters be assigned to.
him in the City. Hall. The committee re
quested that Judge Cook exchange calen
dars with Judge Graham, so that each
would take the other's chambers, but this
Judge Cook refused to do.
Judge Dunne appeared and expressed
his willingness to move to the Hall of
Justice provided that ample accommoda
tions are provided for him. He said that
he intended to remain in the City Hall
and try all cases assigned. to him despite
the objections of the Supervisors."
There is a serious clash between Supe
rior Judges Cook and Dunne and the
Board of Supervisors over an attempt to
compel the former to move the criminal
departments of the Superior Court to the
Hair of Justice.
THE social event of last ¦ evening
was the First Friday cotillon, a
special midwinter assembly and
german at Golden Gate Halj.
about one hundred couples were
present. The feature, perhaps, was the
splendid music. ' Only choice selections
were rendered, and the conspicuous ab
sence of "ragtime" was truly pleasing.
JEROME'S PLACE
NOT YET FILLED
Joseph Eber, .Mrs. C. Purcell. A. j E. Os
borne. Miss C. Hartley, Mr. and Mrs. - John
A. Dlerssen, William C. Olsen, Miss Grace I.
Savage. A. J. Alviso, Miss Eliza A. . "Wright,
Miss Gustella Stolz, Gus Soher, W. A." Con
neau, Miss Sharlot Lathrop. Dr. J. Claude
Perry, Miss .Gall Van Kirk, -. George Harold
Sandy, Miss Edith Igoe. A. D. Cheshire,, Mtss
Jeanette ,-Uphoff, Robert W. . Mart land, j Miss
Those who danced in the german were:
Miss Yosemlta Ralston was the young
lady chosen; to ' lead the german. Miss
Ralston is a popular San Jose girl. Her
tact and grace made her an especially
good leader. ' ' ¦ ' -
. The decorations were simple, but in. ex
cellent taste, and consisted of palms and
draperies of , pink, white and blue, . the
club's- colors. ¦ . , •. ¦•¦
Those in 'the german ; ca'rrled • Chinese
lanterns, which served to light the ,hall
exclusively. Serpentine . effects . were in
troduced. S •,--¦..: .. i: . • ,
The Yanke Orchestra furnished., the music
for the occasion. -Wagner's "Tarinhauser,"
was rendered* during •the- german; adding
greatlyto theinterest of the dance.' "The
Chinese Dragon" was the subject of the
germah- and included .several .new /and
picturesque-figures.— : ' • A j.
William Johnston was convicted by a
jury^Sn Judge Cook's court yesterday on
the charge of burglary and will be cen
tenced to-morrow. He entered the resi
dence of Daniel H. Foley, 37 Minna street,
on November 26 and was observed bv
May Cox, a daughter of Mrs. Foley, whb
gave the alarm. Her brother Willie
chased Johnston till he ran into the arm3
of an officer.
Convicted of Burglary.
Superior Judges Refuse
to Obey the Board of
Supervisors.-;^
WILL NOT MOVE
FROM CITY HALL
The appointment was made on the
recommendation of Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford, who requested that he bo
allowed to appoint Attorney Short to this
position for the cases that will soon come
up. Of the five cases one is the Fresno
rate case in the Superior Court, two are
Bakersfield oil rate cases in the Superior
Court and the two others are oil rate
cases In the United States District Court.
The Railroad Commissioners created
»;uite a sensation yesterday at their regu
lar monthly meeting by appointing Frank
H. Short of Fresno as their legal repre
sentative In five suits that are now pend
3n«? In the courts of tills city.
Short to Represent Commission
Chief Wittman asked the Commissioners
to ratify his action in engaging Commis
sioner Hutton to represent the board in
the Circuit Court. The action was in
dorsed.
Policeman Henry Helntz was tried for
disobedience of orders, given by a health
official. Chief Wlttman, Captain Splllane
and Sergeant Wolff highly praised Heintz.
and after deliberation the Commissioners
postponed action for one week.
A communication was received from
Charles W. Fay. clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, notifying the Commissioners
that all demands for supplies must be
marked "contract" or .".non-contract,"
otherwise the Finance Committee would
reject them.
Police Officer Harry Hook applied to be
reinstated as sergeant. In his applica
tion Hook showed that he had been ap
pointed a police officer April 23, 1S78; that
on October 1. 18S9, he was appointed ser
geant, and that September 23, 1S90, he was
disrated without trial. The matter was
referred to the City and County Attorney
for an opinion.
Hutton's first official act was to move
the postponement of the election of the
president of the board for the ensuing
year until the next meeting. * ¦
H. W. Hutton, appointed Police Com
missioner by Mayor Schmltz to succeed
former Judge William T. Wallace, pre
sented his certificate last night, and upon
motion of Commissioner Mahony took bis
eeat.
Member.
ident on Motion of the New
Board Postpones the Election of Pres-
POLICE COMMISSIONER
BUTTON TAKES SIS SEAT
TJnlted States Court Commissioner Hea
cock will take evidence at 2 o'clock this
afternoon in the celebrated case of the
Interstate Commission against the South
ern Pacific and the Union Pacific railroad
companies. L. A. Shaver, who has been
sent out here from the Attorney Gene
ral's office at Washington to represent
the commission on the trial of the case,
vill be present at the hearing.
The suit was brought in the United
States Circuit Court on July 10, 1900. The
complaint recites that during the hearing
before the commission of the petition of
A. J. Gustln on May 1 and 2. 1S95. it was
made to appear to the satisfaction of the
commission that the defendants had vio
lated the act to regulate commerce. ai>
proved February 4. 1887. in that they
charged a rate of 77 cents per WO pounds
on sugar in carloads for 'the haul from
San Francisco and other Pacific Coast
common points over their joint through
lines to Kearney, Nebraska, while at the
same time charging a rate of 50 cents
from Kearney to Omaha, and -that a rate
on such shipments to Kearney, which ex
ceeds by more than 15 cents per 100
pounds the rate contemporaneously
charged to Omaha, is wrongful, unjust
and unlawful, being in violation of sec
tion 3 of the act mentioned. The. com
plainants ask for a writ of Injunction or
other proper process to restrain the de
fendants from continuing In their vio
lations «f the act.
Testimony -to Be Taken on
Alleged Violation of Law /
by Corporations.
The Celebrated , Inter
state Commerce Case
Up To-Day.
RAILROADS WILL
BE DEFENDANTS
FIRST FRIDAY COTILLON GIVES
PLEASURE TO SCORES OF GUESTS
PLAN TO MERGE
BIG PROPERTIES
Consolidation of Strep t|
: ;car Lines Is in Con- ;
v tempi ation.
Leon O. Fisberj Expert of the
Baltimore Syndicate^
. (Acquires Data.
Edyth ; Spooner Ii. Perkins " Inch, -Misa Helen
! Schubert A. • P. Lathrop. Miss I^etty Conneau.
.,' A. : D.'. La Motte, Miss Adele Friable, Frank
D. Hall, Miss Edith Simpson, Elmer Westlake,
: Miss Maude A. de Pue K. Matheson, Miss E.
Walcom, Alan. W. Masinls. Miss Bessie Harvle,
A. .W. Cooper, Miss Anna Tietje. Clarence M.
Freed, .Mtes lone B. Pennington; L. Van Kirk.
Miss L. Van Kirk, Dr. G. H. Therkof. Miss Nina.
. Bkelly, F. Barto, Miss L. DemsterW G. A. Ed
'lum,.Miss Tillie Gustavesen, Martin J. Bacon,
Miss Hattie Hartley, Peter" J. Morrin, Miss
Mabel Jones, ? Frank Holland, Miss Sadie , E-
Knedeker. : Wayland E. Jones, Mrs. Clarence E.
Nichols, Howard J. Van Kirk. : Miss Edith East
wood, Wallace. E. Crowell, Miss Emma Hahn,
Dr. E. L. Freltas, Mtss Evelyn Wright, Homer
Keaton, Miss C. Farrell, J. G. Rechel, Miss
Nellie Rechel William ¦ Muller* Misa E. Cook.
R. R. Reid,.' Miss May Duffy, . Alexander
v Schumban, Miss Mae Snyder, 'Dr. T. Martin
Smith. Miss Emma Smith. E.-E. Hlller, Miss
Bragg. James S. White Jr.. Mrs. W. H. Dane.
John D. Hoover, - Miss Hubbard, Frederick K»
Blue, Miss Ruby Egleston, M. Schwabacher>
Miss Lundblade, Mark Lennon, Miss Catharine
A. Dunne, Harold S.Shelton, Miss Eima Mac
dougall, Louis R. Samish, Miss Ruby Stimpson.
¦ ¦•¦•'' - : '. :' • , • • .' - ')¦'¦¦
• Miss Stella Fortmann , gave a beautiful
luncheon yesterday at her home, 1007
•Gough street. Miss Ma\ide Cluff was the
guest of honor. The large/ round table
was lavishly decorated with pink roses,
hyacinth; smilax and maidenhair ferns.
Two candelabra, each holding eight can
.dles with pink shades, added to the adorn
i ment. "# . • - ••¦¦¦.- . , - |
? The guests were: Miss Anna Keane,';
Miss Rowena Burns. ¦. Mrs. Howard Bar- j
bier. Mrs. W. K. Stevens, Mrs. Linda H.
Bryan, Mrs. Charles K. Harley, Miss
Georgle Spieker. Miss Clara Underhlll,
Miss Gertrude Jack and Miss Leah Shin
gleberger. . /' .
¦ . \ ¦ • . . -. •:.•¦•?¦* ,• .
' The Mills Club gave a large reception
at the Century Club Hall yesterday after
noon. About five hundred guests were re
ceived, most' of whom were alumnae and
"pupils of Mills' College. /The guests of
honor were Mrs. C. P. Mills, president of
. Mills College, and Miss Jane; F. -Klink,
ex-president of the association. The ar
tistic decorations were chiefly ferns, and
autumn leaves. An orchestra was in at
tendance and refreshments were served.
Those who. assisted in 'receiving were:
Mrs. Walter H. Byington, president of
the Mills Club; Mrs. Frank G. Bates, Mrs.
George McNear of Petaluma, Mrs-.i-Wen-
; The purchase of the Sari Mateo, Sutter,
Sutro and Market-street railways by the
Baltimore syndicate (has been effected.
Leon O. Fisher, expert. of the purchasing
syndicate, is in the city and will- remain
here or hereabouts' until a: consolidation
of all the lines v Into one syndicate under
one management has been accomplished.
Close and exact figuring may be re
quired to ascertain what representation
or ratio i each road t will be entitled to in
the consolidated system. Mileage, equip
ment, cost and profit j earning record
of- each road must be considered in tie
adjustment. The expert Is not here to
reopen or review negotiations, but simply
to hasten the work of merging all the
recently acquired street railways of San
Francisco into one system.- He will re
main here until the actual transfer of tlje
Market-street^railroad to the syndicate is
accomplished. It is calculated that-*this
transfer will take place early in ApriL < •
It is not denied that the capitalists and
promoters connected with the purchasing
syndicate may borrow money in New
York to pay for the properties recently
bought, and may even borrow money to
extend certain lines, and add to the en
tire system the best of modern equip
ment. . Arrangements may be made with
J. Plerpont Morgan, the Brown Bros, or
other financial agents to negotiate for the
salo of bonds Issued by the syndicate.
• Reports come from the East that Brown
Bros., well known financiers, are supply
ing the funds. This does not signify that
the Browns have or will have a controll
ing influence In the management of the
system. As financial agents they will re
ceive the- customary percentage tor con
verting negotiable securities into coin or
currency to enable" the syndioate- to meet
cash obligations Incident - to the acquisi
tion of the properties.
GUGGENHEIM'S PARROT
DISTURBS NEIGHBORS
¦"•Testimony for the Defense Given in
the Case ¦ of • Mrs. Reeves-
Atkinson.
" The hearing of witnesses for the defense
in the case of Mrs. Reeves- Atkinson,
charged with maintaining . a nuisance at
1815 .Sutter street in the shape of a pri
vate' sanitarium, was resumed before
Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon.
I Mrs. Clara Wadsworth, a daughter of
the defendant, testified that there never
were any unusual noises, the only excep
tion being In the case of Mrs. Alma Keith,
who 'testified for the prosecution. The
witness said that when she went into the
yard the neighbors, thinking she was a
patient, would always laugh and jeer at
her. The cries of "Amelia," told of by a
witness for the prosecution, came from a
parrot in Mrs. Guggenheim's house, ad
joining the sanitarium. She denied that
the Morgue wagon ever called at the san
itarium, and said it was always quiet.
One policeman had been a patient, but she
did not know his name.
Dr. Himmelsbach testified .that he at
tended Mrs. Keith at the sanitarium night
and day, and never heard any unusual
noise'. One time Mrs. Keith attacked him
with a- bottle in each hand, and ha had to
grapple with her to protect himself. They
fell together to the floor and some attend
ants came to his assistance. Mrs. Keith
always told him the defendant was the
best friend she ever had.
I Drs. O. Mansfield and J. J. Keith also
testified that they had attended patients
night -and day at the sanitarium, and had
never seen or -heard anything unusual.
The case will be resumed to-morrow.
French Hospital Sued.
George W. Pitts, an engineer, is. suing
the French Hospital for $25,000 damages.
He .claims that he [ was treated for an
injury to his left leg at the hospital last
September in such a careless manner that
his limb has become permanently disabled.
He*- says he is unable to return : to his
duties. . : • •
Dougherty Applies for Writ.
George Dougherty; who was dismissed
from, the police "force in March, 1897, has
applied for a writ of mandate compelling
the Board of Police Commissioners to re
store him to duty.' He bases his claim
on the recent decision of. Judge Hebbard,
who decided that the Commissioners 'have
no. power to dismiss, the officers.
John Pluth, a driller who was injured at
the Union Iron Works last March by the
falling of a scaffolding on which he was
at work, filed a suit for $5000 against the
firm yesterday. S. H-- Van Syckels, who
was also hurt by the collapse of the scaf
folding, is suing for the same amount.
Damage Suits Filed.
• dell Easton, Miss Dorothy Tarpey, Miss
Mabel Phillips, Mrs. John P. Wallace.
Mrs. -McGauley.- Miss Grace Unger, Mrs.
H. C: Capwell, Mrs.'W. J. Casey and Miss
Ruby Moore; ¦ . ' ' " •
¦•.The. Social .Science Section of the Cali
fornia Club had an .•¦ session
yesterday, the principal feature of which
was an address by Miss Katherine Felton.
». Miss Berenice Landers was hostess at "a
delightful ¦ dinner yesterday at , her home,
2400, Broadway. Mr." and Mrs. George I.
Wheaton of Oakland were the guests of
honor. The decorations were pink and
green. Beautiful candelabra with pink
shades, together with a wealth of pink
flowers and ferns, comprised the charm-
Ing adornment. The guests were:
•Miss Bessie ¦ Boiusail, " Miss -. Bessie Palmer.
Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Elsa Cook, Miss Clara
Huntlngton, Sidney Prlngle, Edward Sessions,
Mr. Bowers, S. • McGce, Mr. Fitzgerald, Dr.
Morton- Gibbons. • •¦¦• .-.-¦¦¦¦...
Mrs. Leigh Richmond Larzelere gave a
small euchre party to several friends yes
terday at her apartments In the Pleasan
ton. The guests were invited to meet
Mrs. John Miles of Portland, a sister of
the hostess. =
THE SAN FRANCISCQ j CALIi, WEDNESDAY; JANUARY 15, 1902;
12
POSTTTM CEREAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I JWISLEADINQ ! f
I The "Just as good" state- B
i merits are misleading. There H
¦ isn't any shoe just as good as n
B the scientifically constructed m
B irrespective of the price asked y
H QnilJlQIQ the new shoe B
§3 UUllUOlO for vvcrnen. M
S >OLD EXCLUSIVELY AT '); H
| Second Shos Store from Market, B
jj •' .' ; ;'¦ .. San Francisco. ; ' pa
| ; > ' ' SEND FOR C A i ALOGU 3. M
fffim EBl^ Ammunition' and, Sporting
iJ ¦ I I BlB C" G °ods. Largest Stock. Low-
fl-1 | B|B est Prices. Until close of
111 | WJVH hunting season will offer
 UP I m %Jf puns at reduced prices.
'.^. ' Send for ¦ catalogue. - ¦ '
¦'.'.v .-¦' ••*:.- 8HREVR 4 BARBEE CO. :
¦;•"•¦ . : ' ¦ ' "¦ -¦ V -739 ywket Stand 511 Ketrny.St
. K0TARY. PUBLIC AKD'ATTOaHET-AT-LAir.l:
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. > Claus' Spreckels Bld£
¦t . : Telephone Main 9S3. !
Retldence. 821 California St., .below: Powell.
Besidenca Telephone, Jamea ; 150L. -, ¦
DR.MCNULTY.
T Kn»^l <L " KX D 0WN AND RKLIABLE OLD
Ktr£P:?^i stc 7 re 1 Blood Poison. Gonorrhce!»,Gleet.
allted rrL,H m '" llI o We " illesi ' Impotence and tHelr
Ovpjy^ rd . ers - B oolc on D'seaies of Men. free. .
«toart» I f^? L « r^? :!C ? e^ enceTerm '« reasonable. Hoars, \
fittanfrJJf :3 2 to8 - 30 « v> » Sondays, 10 to 12. Consul- i
teUon free and sacredly confidential Call or*ddnrw \T
_. ,^- KOSCOE MeNULTY. M. D.
86tf Kearny st, San Francisco, CaL
Drop it. if you show the least sign of the
poison affecting you 1 in stomach, nerves,
kidneys, bowels, eyes or heart.
It is easy to change from coffee to Pos-
tum Food Coffe© if you insist- on- having
PoEtum - prepared by long. boiling. That
brings out the taste and food value. :
disease, Xervous Prostration and prob-
able paralysis. •
Coffee poison affects stomach and nerves
(the brain included), and. if ; persisted in
will do its work* sure as the sun, is sure
to rise. Medicine will not avert the final
attack. There is but' one thing, to : do.
A man said; "I nearly killed two birds
with one stone when I ruined stomach
and nerves with coffee. Quit It? Well,
I think bo. I had rather be well, feel
good, eat meals, sleep well and be able
to do something in this _world than to
have all the coffee on earth."
Brain workers can gret on with coffee a
while, but the day comes when dyspepsia
begins to show its head, then come times
when the brain gets tired and has to be
pushed. That's the time to look out, for
it u a sure forerunner . of that terrible
Semi-Annua! Sale
Housekeeping Linens
THIS DAY, January 15th, we will com-
mence our SEMI-ANNUAL SALE OF LINEN
GOODS. We will offer large quantities of
the very best makes of Irish, German and
Scotch Linens, consisting of Table Damask
Cloths, Table Damasks, Damask Napkins,
Damask and Huck Towels, Glass Linens,
Towelings, Hemstitched and Embroidered
Linen Goods. Our stock of above goods
is very heavy, and our customers can rely
on getting very low prices. •
EXTRA. EXTRAS
2 cases (50 dozen) 1 case (175 dozen)
WWte Fringed Turk- Bleached Double Da-
isff towels, size 23 mask Dinner Nap-
inches wide by 50 kins, 15 different de-
inches long, signs.
S2.00 Dozen. $2.00 Dozen.
! ¦ - ' "'';"
III. 113. \\S, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
. ' > .....
113 TAYLOR STREET.
DIITTCD Fancy Creamery, square.". QQ ft
D U I I tn Choice of brands. OdC
CgCP Very best ranch, dozen Oflp
H.O. COMBINATION T £ s .. p .?. c *:..l5c
BUTTER 33ic
SALM0Nt1n a 3 ! k .^^. nk .\.^: p .T. d ..25c
LEA & PERRINS'SSScJS'iSSS 30c
ROYAL BAKIHB POWDERS 37 JG
JAVA AND M0CHAB£«< e V 50c
pounds. ¦ .
STUFFED OLIVES SM§^20c
HUNTER RYE WHISKEY X $1,75
CLARET i^..^... 01 .'!:..^... 8 .?!:. 35c
Taste at store.
DRIED PEACHES r?rr3i'bs c^:.25c
SOAP iSSSSS^^^^ 25c^
Made by Queen Lily Soap Co. Box ICO
cakes 52.90.
GHILI SAUCE^e. F b a o b t?, r e s .. h . on ! e ;.25c
Saturday night from 8 to 11 o'clock.
BUTTER— The very best at from 13c to
20c less than you now pay. *
.All Saturday night orders delivered Mon-
day.
Gep.-H. Fuller Desk
¦ Ea }'" ' ' V / \?
REMaVAL SALE.
We offer our immense stock of OP«
PIOE FURNITURE a t orreatly reduced
prices during next 3O DAYS.
638-640 mission Street.
Shall I Drop It?
Killing Two Birds with One Stone;
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
\ '<HL w T^ A««(Muca» Museum in tbe \
• Mm SssjESsc^sTT^-a-f-J
6 fljogfi DR « J0RDAN-01SEA5ES OF MEN 4
\Bjf flj f*ntim* cWv in ererycue undertaken. V
\ I II ' • »A»»IA««. MAIL2O PRES. (Af
A <& Ur "luaWe book for mrn)^ '*\
Market St, 9. F. F
ADVERTISEMENTS.