: Continued on Page Two.;
Testimdivy: No Glews
by Which^^s30^^0(m^^-Wace^\-
and on the 11th had received a letter from
"John .Bennett" requesting, her to meet
him at the restaurant. The girl 'left home
at' 5:15 p. m. that day, and witness stated
that' she had not seen her alive since that
time.
Mrs. Fuller again gave the. familiar fact
that on the evening of July 11. her son
was called, up by telephone and received
a message from her daughter Nora. The
message was to the effect that Nora wai
in the house of Mr. Bennett and his fam
ily, at loOO^Geary street, and that : she ; had
a good positionas nurse girl and. was to
receive; J20 per month. Mrs. Fuller;testi
fied that her son had repeated (the/ mes
sage j to her, and she' had'. requested t ' him
to tell ,' Nora over the : telephone to return
home. ,. . . . . : : '
VI . understood him to say," said Mrs.
Fuller, '.'that Nora had received his last
message, .and that shS said she; would 'go
to the * market for .' me and then • "come
home." :- T . ...-''
:'v , : Nora Disliked Hugh Grant.
. .; The stated'; that she had '.picked
out", the {advertisement in lthe*5 paper and
told h'eKdaughter'bf 'the"! same.*" Mrs. "-Ful
ler ;"«ta ted {that . her. daughter ' did ; liotUlke
Attorney! Hugh and. that' the latter
had often - called £ at ; the ? house * in ' ah •' in
toxicated' condition. ';•'¦ >.¦/*/;¦;."¦ : .. . .•"• .'-^ • ; •¦
Coroner.' Leland asked ,'•' Mrs. I Fuller "-a
number! of .; questions as'to'uthe ¦. names i'of
any *men-,who;had 'called' at^her,home?iu'
the!, last 1 year,; but the .witness-^^in giving
tne" names ;6f.-'a-iifewimen ''accounted? for
their, presence, i certain _ that'they
had itbfdo, with* the' disappearance
of! her; child.'; r T^hVwitness',was questioned
at " length las" to : the ' purchase; of fa; dres^s'
. for Nora ; Fuller by :jA ttorney ] Hugh Grant;
and^ her"- version. of ;the"affair. ! was simllnr
in every f degree Uo -that '"she^ had^already,
given ¦• to , the - police..; and ',- the 'newspapers. ' - '
'. Mrs. ;> Fuller •' told = : of Ycer tain; statements'
being"; "made to . her -that Nora .had fylsited'
the camp 1 . of :'the troops 'at" the - Presidio
and^ frequented ; saloons ¦ in; the rvicinity, of
Camp' Merritt.y The wltnessTdeclafed that
there f.was^ no; truth':, in -, these";" assertions
and l.-that- her .[ daughter; stayed! atVhome'jliv
the' evenings, and was a' go'odiglrl iri^every
,, respect.^ ¦¦¦vv- - v'. 1 ":'h : . ' '¦'¦¦ . •'. : ; ';¦,-. V ¦'-.r-\'-''-
.Mrs.', Fuller, testified- that while living
at 1717 Fulton street she {was informed .by
her '/daughter '/ that", she- was V; followed . on
two I occasions by a man, i but could , give
no • information as ¦ to • his "identity^
r [ The < witness was ¦ asked if ; her daughter
had. any intimate male. or, female friends,
arid-: replied that she did not have ' any
male? friends, '• and ] that- Madge .Graham
was ¦ the ' only k girl f who could be deemed
an Intimate. . ; , ,
v' With* reference ; ; to ..-the blood-stained
tower: that -.was .found -close to ithe ; body
of i Nora Fuller., in - the house at ,' 2211 • Sut^
.ter street, Mrs. Fuller stated that she b'e-
Tieved ! that it: came from .her house, ..but
Iwas-not'positive'of it. ¦-, ' _
win',' closing 'her.' testimony. Mrs.. Fuller
stated', that : ; Nora : : had - never ..' remained
away from home ¦ at night •without \ her
"permission 'and ; then ¦ only with ; some : girl
acquaintance. - The witness also said that
whenever ; -Nora answered' an '-advertise
ment-' for r a position ;the ; girl -always re-;
ported the; result to her mother. -'_l
<¦','. Testimony,' of Nora's Brother;
V Louis J. ¦Parlane, a brother 'of * Nora Ful-
' SOME OF THOSE WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY BEFORE CORoVeR 'LELAND AND A JURY IN THE INVES
TIGATION OF THE BRUTAL MURDER OF NORA FULLER 'BY AN UNKNOWN MAN IN -THE VACANT
HOUSE Af 2211 SUTTER [ STREET. . ; •;'•?;. S'yjj . ' : - '.¦,'¦. .-", . ' ' . >
The evidence was but- a repetition of
facts presented during the last eight days
through the columns of the daily press.
There were a few minor details that came
to light for the first time, but they were
unimportant and gave absolutely no clew
as to the, identity of the man C. B.
Hawkins, alias John Bennett.
The office of the Coroner was too small
to accommodate the crowd that desired
to listen to the evidence In the case that
has thrilled the city and State. The
small space of the room barely sufficed to
furnish seats to those whose official duty
required their presence.
As in all cases of mystery, men and
women were present whose love , of the
morbid and notoriety furnished the sole
excuse for listening to the evidence. Old
men and callow youths, wizened women'
and young girls, thronged to the Cor
oner's office to listen to the ghastly de
tails of the death of Nora Fuller." J ',.
The atmosphere of the office was B?
close that . a . pretty young stenographer
suddenly collapsed and fainted at her task
of taking tho shorthand notes of the tes
timony. '/.- '
Coroner Leland conducted, the Investiga
tion, and District Attorney' Lewis F. By
ington was present, with Detsct.ves Dillon
and Hamill, ' to ' watch the , investigation
on behalf of the people.
Mrs. Fuller Testifies.
Mrs. Alice Maud ; Mary Fuller was the.
first witness called before the jury. The
mother of the murdered girl gave her.tes
timony in a perfectly cool manner and
did not betray -the slightest emotion as
she replied, to the questions of 'Coroner
Leland.
Mrs. Fuller . testified . that NoVa Fuller
was her daughter, and that the child' had
gone to the Popular restaurant, on' Geary
street, January 11 in reply . to an - adver
tisement from John; Bennett for a- nurse
girl. The witness stated • that Nora ¦ had
answered an advertisement in' the papers/
i"-^ TRIPPED of all sensationalism,
\ the official Investigation conduct-
ed yesterday by Coroner Leland
V"_J into the murder of. little Nora
Fuller in the vacant house at 2211
Sutter street threw but little light
on the mysterious tiagedy that
has been added to the long list of crimes
committed In this city and which Captain
of Detectives Seymour and his aids have
been unable to unravel.
Jurors Hear
hew.' New
- JL l/VLsl/O •
¦ . - .
ler, was then placed on the witness stand.
The young man tqld_ of returning home
on the evening of " January ."li; last- and be
ing informed by , his mother that, Nora
had gone to the ; Popular . restaurant s on
Geary street to answer an advertisement
of "John Bennett" as to a' position. Par
lane said:,' •,;- . . .
Between 6:15 and 6:30 o'clock of. that even-
Ing I was called up by telephone and my sister
conversed with me. I am positive It was my
sister who spoke to; me over, the phone. Sha
said ' that she was Tn the 1500 block on G»ary
street; that 'she, was With Mr. Bennett's fam
ily and had a nice position. She said that
the family '"-wanted, her to go to work at once
and requested me to speak to my, mother
about It. I went to my mother's ' room and
told her 'of -.what Nora had said. ¦ My mother
, wanted ¦ Nora to ; come .. home at once, and I
went back to the telephone to tell my sister
«o. ; '/ Nora.^ seemed to hesitate in answering: me
and ' seemed : as if she was '. frightened. Then
she aald that she was at 1500 Geary; street
and that she would come home as -mother re
quested.. Then the phone was hung up and
, the. conversation between us was shut off. :
".The witness then • told ; of coming home
almost at midnight and learning from his
mother that Nora had not 'returned. He
(detailed to the Coroner and the jury how
he had ,vislted\ the |Popular restaurant and
the 1500 block, on. Geary, street; in search
of ? his sister, -but had -failed to find the
slightest trace of . her.
/Parlarie • . then told of a young man
named Frank Spencer who had visited his
mother's house and explained that he had
made ; Spencer's ¦acquaintance -during the
last*.' campaign." : Witness identified the
.blood-stained towel, found gear Nora Ful
ler's body as one ho had purchased'in San
Diego. ¦ " * •"';
In response r to the_, Coroner, .the witness
stated ' ttie^ -burned "handkerchiefs
found frv the house .where Nora Fuller was
murdered were similar, to ones used in his
• home. . • .
„ The' witness was then excused and after
Coroner S Leland ,. had informed the ; jurjt.
Hearing Will
Continue To-
Mr. McKinney of Santa Cruz County
is an owner of timber lands in the Big
Basin. In fact he owns, to particularize,
half of a section that is near the west
fork of Warfdell Creek, which Is the
fork upon which the Park Commission
ers count for a water supply principally.
Mr. McKinney has a daughter," Miss
Pearl McKinney, and through her the
discovery of the gTeat amount of Govern
ment lands that has hitherto been so ef
fectually hidden from the eyes of the j
public has been made.
Some time ag-o, in. fact Just about the
time the Big Basin Park . Commissioners
became an active body. Miss .McKinney
took preliminary steps toward securing
the other hclf of the section that her
father owns near the west fork 'of the
Waddell, the homestead act being her
vehicle. If she had successfully perfect
ed her title in that way she would ' have
not only have secured Big Basin ' lands
at $2 Ui per acre, but she also would have
come into the ownership, of one mile of
the bed of the west fork of< the Waddell
Creek, which runs, as nearly as -may be
estimated by the maps In the San Fran
cisco Land Office, through just about
the center of the land she desired.
Inquiry Is Instituted.
Knowledge of this came in due time to
the Big Basin Park Commissioners. Gov
ernor Gage and his associates on tbe
commission then took pains to Inquire dl-"
recUy into the ownerehlp of all the tracts
besides the one that formed the basis of
Miss McKinney'B operation, that were,
concealed from locators by -the"
Continued on Page Two,
Control of Creek.
When the public and the Park Com
sioners began to investigate into the ca
pacity of the Big Basin as a public park
it. became apparent that unless Waddell
Creek could be under the control of the
State the value of the park might be
very little, for it is impossible to imagine
an adequate public park, to be used by
campers, that has not sufficient and a re
liable supply of water, which is the first
requisite.
the representation being made by the
promoters that the ground could be pro
cured at a reasonable figure. The Big Ba
fcin Lumber Company, which has ac
quired the lands that are now offered to
the State at $100 per acre, was Incor
porated April 24, 1900. Just one vreek
later the Sempcrvirens Club was started.
The latter at once began and has since
carried on the • agitation for park
principally. It set forth in Its literature
that the land could be bought at $50 per
acre as the highest price. The club has
recently held a convention at San Jose
a::d declared that the price ought to be
$190 *>er acre. '.
pin is of common knowledge, yet a few
facts will be recapitulated here to fur
nish an understanding of what follows.
The State appropriated $250,000 for the
purchase of a park tract. The law that
authorized this appropriation was pro
cured by agitation at Sacramento and
through the columns of daily newspapers.
An astonishing discovery has been made
in connection with the lands in the re
gion known as the Big Basin, In Santa
Cruz County. For some reason, which
may possibly be explained by the officials
of Santa Cruz, more than 1400 acres In th~e
Basin and on the ridges forming its rim
that belong to the Government have, for
Eome years, been assessed to "unknown
owners." No steps have been taken to
have the lands sold for non-payment of
taxes to the State. This may imply that
?qjn© one who was concerned in Santa
Cruz official life knew all about the real
ownership of the property and was con
cerned in withholding the knowledge from
the general public that such lands were
to be had for the homesteading. While
the assessment read to "unknown owners"
only the Initiated could benefit.
Santa Cruz County's .Assessor has been
paid a. salary to_make __a » -rrect assess-.
rnent of the property in the county for
the purpose of taxation. What he has
officially failed to find out has been
known by private parties, and out of that
fact grows a story of considerable inter
est to the public.
The controversy that has arisen over
the price to be paid by the State for
lands for park purposes in the Big Ba-
man under arrest-
Antoine Anderson, .whose name was
mentioned In some of the letters found in
the room of*Arin!e Anderson, reported
early yesterday morning to Captain of
Detectives Seymour. The police listened
to and verified later the statements that
he made.
Conrad Oleaon, the wounded girl's half
brother, and Anderson disagreed at one
time. Anderson was an -occasional caller
on the woman. who was shot, but the po
lice have so far found nothing that would
lead to the assumption that he had any
thing to do' with the shooting.
Anderson stated that on the night of
the shooting he went Into the saloon on
the northeast corner of . Clementina ard
Second streets, took a drink and con
versed for a few minutes, returning to
his room about 9:45 o'clock. He ascribes
tne connection of his name 'with the case
to the unfounded suspicions of Annie An
derson's , relations.
' Alfred :' Gustaf sen, whose name is also
mentioned (in connection .with, the shoot-
Ing, Is a seafaring man,^employed on the
City of Piiebla. He will return to the
city on Friday, the steamer on which he
is employed • being - engaged on the Vic
toria, run. ' .
Louise ,; Meyer, Miss Anderson's friend,
still" refuses to make ' a statement. The
people. by -whom she -Is employed would
not, allow her. to be seen : by ,. newspaper
men yesterday. The excuse was made
at", the house that she was • out. The po
lice think, that she knows more about, the
matter, than she "has yet disclosed.
Under the careful ministrations of the
physicians attached to the Central Emer
gency. Hospital . Annie Anderson continues
to * improve. • As ; soon ' as ; she is able to
stand the ordeal • she will be closely ques
tioned by. the detectives. Her stories, as
so far related,- do not seem to bear tbV
"She never saw me," he declared with
emphasis. "I'll wager my life that she
Will SO tell SOU."
After being taken to the City Prison
Almberg asked permission to send for a
friend, which request was denied. He
said that the friend was with him on the
night that Miss Anderson was shot, and,
according to his claim, he would prove
that he was not in any way connected
with the shoo'ting. Who the friend is he
refused to say, except that he was also a
former soldier.
At 1 o'clock this morning tha police
located Almberg's room. They found an .
overcoat and a dark suit of clothes, which
were identified as' belonging to the sus
pect. The man who shot Miss Anderson
wore an overcoat similar to the one founa ,
In Almberg's room.
To-day the conductor on -the McAllister
street car, who says that a man answer
ing the description of the shooter boarded
his car shortly, after the. unfortunate wo
man was wounded, will be asked to Iden
tify A^mbere-- *
His description of the mysterious pas
senger tallies exactly with that of the
rfepbrt'.to Captain Seymour early last
'evening the head of the detective" bureau
ordered him to arrest the ex-soldier.
When taken into ' custody Almberg. *
after being told that he was suspected of
being the man who shot Miss Anderson,
indignantly denied that he even knew
her.
, "This Is all a mistake," he declared,
•when Nelson slipped the handcuffs on
his wrists. "You'll be sorry you ever ar
rested me." •
On the way to the Hall of Justice Alm
berg inquired particularly about Miss An
derson's condition and asked to be taken
before her to see whether or not she could
identify him.
and locked uj> in the tanks.
The greatest secrecy was maintained
about the arrest of the suspect. Nelson 4
was accompanied by Detective Reynolds,
who warned him not to say anything
about the matter under the penalty of
losing his star.
Since "the shooting Nelson, who speaks
the Swedish language, has had several in
terviews with the wounded servant girl,
expecting that she would be able to shed
some light on the mysterious case.
"Whether or not she mentioned Alm
berg's name to him in conection with the
shooting Nelson refuses 'to say. It Is
known, however, that when he made his
• By the arrest late last night of Frank
Almberg, a former soldier, the police be
lieve they have the man who attempted
to murder Annie Andeson. the domestic
who was shot on Ashbury street, near
Hayes, on Sunday night.
Almberg was taken into custody shortly
before midnight by Police Officer Nelson
Attempt to Locate Bed of Waddell
Creek as Homestead by Private
Party Leads to Prompt
Two Men Who Were Sus&cted
Have Alibis— Wounded Woman
Is Improving.
Fourteen Hundred Acres of
the Public Domain Are
Concealed.
Offers to Prove by Friend.
That He Is Innocent
of Crime.
Assessment of Govern
ment Tracts to "Un
known Owners."
Arrested Man in Rage
Denies Knowing
Domestic.
KEEPS LANDS
OF BIG BASIN
FROM ENTRY
INQ UEST FAILS TO THROW LIGHT
ON THE MURDER OF NORA FULLER
DISPLAYS
HIS ANGER
AT PRISON
FRANK ALMBERG; an cx-soldier, was arrested late last night on suspicion of being the man who shot', 'Annie Anderson. ¦', He was captured on ih^ locked up in the tanks.
Almbcrg denies knowing anything about the shooting. He claims that he will be able to prove that {he' was not in-thew arrested him) believes
that he has the right man. \ . . t "\\ ¦ '¦¦¦/. V •; •.•¦;«_' .
< ¦ • '¦ -...-.'.¦• ,',/../ ..; ';;;•".- ¦•'/•¦¦!/•./¦>•¦¦'.. £ : > , v' •:';. :: ' :.. -"' . ¦ :/ -/ •--¦•-. - : ¦., - • ¦ : ,.•;*••."• -.-• , .
FRANK ALMBERG, ALLEGED BRUTAL ASSAILANT
OF ANNIE ANDERSON, IS BEHIND PRISON BARS
SAN > FRAN CISCO; /WED NE^^ 1 902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 81.
The San Francisco CallC. H. Lahanier, '.-'clerk for Umbsen &
Co., testified to -renting, the. prem
ises, 2211 Sutter street, to a man on Janu
ary 8 last. The witness identified the lease
signed VC. B. Hawkins" as the one he had
drawn up and -which the man had signed.
Witness further testified as to ."Hawkins"
asking that the rubbish be removed from
the house and giving his address as the
Golden West Hotel: V ' :' ¦
B. ,T- Schell, salesman : for J. C. , Cavan
augh, 850 Mission street, testified to sell
ing a mattress, blankets, pillows and
quilt on the evening of January 9 to a
man who desired the goods to be sent that
evening to 2211 Sutter street The wit
ness described the man as . being about
five feet eight .'Inches .in; height,- broad
shouldered, neatly." dressed and wearing a
high silk « hat. He thought the man had
a heavy light mustache, but did not think
he would be able to recognize him again, s
Saw^ "Hawkins" Sign Lease."
At the afternoon session the first wit
ness called was Henry Ascher.^ who /re r
sides -at 2213. gutter- street; The .witness
testified that between January 11 and '15
he I had met U' man -leaving -2211 . Sutter
street about 1 9: o'clock one morning. Wit
ness asked. the man. if he had rented the
house and received', an affirmative reply.
Ascher continued: • •: - ". - ."
I did not see any. one go into the house at
any time, and I never heard any sound com
ing from the house, which is next to mine.
From the day I saw the man come down the
steps there was nothing to attract' my atten
tion until February, 8, .when I" came home in
the evening and learned that the body of a
young girl had, been found in the house next
to mine. ."¦•'':' ¦ ¦ '
Ascher. described the man he saw com
ing out of 2211 Sutter street as being five
feet eight Inches in height, about 35 years
old and well dressed. • Witness said that
he - did"- not notice ¦ the man's face and
would not be able to identify him. again.
The ' Houso ."Was Silent.
t,hat letters had been received from Sere
brenek, the Russian friend of Mrs. Ful
ler's brother, showing that he had sailed
from this port before Nora disappeared
and that tnere was' no ground for con
necting him with the case, an adjourn
ment was taken until 2 p. m.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 18.— Assessor Mat
tlson says there Is no land In the Big Ba
sin In this county assessed to "unknown
owner." and also that there is no Govern
ment land here, possibly with. the excep
tion of a few small fractions.. , .
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 18.-^The bodies
of SOQ victims of the earthquake «.t Sha
maka, Trans-Caucasia, have thus far been
recovered. The treasury has given 50,000
rubles for the relief of the destitute. In
the villages surrounding Shamaka twen
ty-seven persons were killed. '3'gBte^fert
Eight Hundred Bodies Recovered.
the " "War Attitude , of
"Europe.
Senator Asks for Information About
SPANISH ABE ANXIOTJS
\T0 HEAR OF THE POWEES
i MADRID. Feb. 18.-In the Senate to
day Senor Labra Questioned the Govern
ment concerning the statements made: In
the British Parliament and in the j news
papers in regard to the support '.the: pow
ers are supposed to have given Spain at
the outbreak of the war with' the United
States. The Senator said he asked for
information on the subject so' that - Spain
might better know her friends and ene
mies. ;¦¦*'-¦'¦¦• " ¦ * : - * - :-.-'
' The Foreign Minister.' the Duke of Ai
modovar, declared /hat the reports relate
ing to intervention on ¦ the* part of the
powers came as a complete -, surprise to
him.. If there was. anything relating to
the matter which ought to be known the
Government would make a point • of * in
forming the Senate. :; * .. ':•: v - : '
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— The Post to
morrow Will say that because of, the cir»
i culation of a report here . that Lord
Pauneefote did not draft the note of Apri*
14, 1898, submitted by him to . the Foreign
Ambassadors as a final effort: to', avert
war between the United States and Spain
and that the note had been framed by the
State Department and .forwarded thence
to Lord Pauneefote for submission : to the
diplomatic corps in "Washington," it tel
egraphed Judge ': Day. : who was -then Sec
retary of State, to learn what he might
have to say on the subject. The: telegram
to Judge Day was as follows: ' "¦•./'¦, -
"The statement :\ is made here that
Pauneefote note of April 14," 1898/. was
drawn by you in State Department, la
this correct?"- : . ..\.
The following reply was received: *..' > ¦
"Impossible to reply to indefinite state
ment of your telegram.
"W. R.' DAY."
Sues the Northwesterni
SAN RAFAEL, . Feb. 18.— M. . M. C.'. Duf
ficy, a wealthy^ resident,' has ¦ Instituted
suit against - the . California . Northwestern
Railway Company for $25,000, damages,
alleged to have ; been sustained . : about
July, 1901. Dufflcy claims that "on 'enter-,
ing a ferryboat • at ; ¦ San V Francisco *"¦< tor
Tiburon - he slipped . and fell > on the deck,
fracturing his knee cap. -He avers; that
the : accident was '. caused • by j the ' careless
ness ..: of J employes, who had spilled; milk
on the deck. 'I^fisP^SJsSJyfiWffiBBB&fiffiH
Louise Linde to Return Home.
- SEATTLE, Feb. 18.— Louise Linde", a; San
Francisco ' girl, \ was •:. taken ¦;; into % custody
here . to-night byj the local ' police - and will
be sent to herj home by. 1 the next steamer.
She. told the police that ; she left i her home
bcauee z of .. the - harsh * treatment - she;.re
celved. She is now anxious, to return. '¦ The
Klrl has- been in" this, city '.for » the: past
four * weeks.rr.- Numerous • telegrams < were
received from ; San- Francisco, ¦-¦ and" finally
the police succeeded 'in locating her. --Y
To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Lducativa . Bromo-Quinlne f: removes ; the V cause.
E." W.'- Grove* 8 signature on ; every- box. "- . ¦.•¦_
these facts became known to the
jBIjc Basin Park Commissioners they saw
the necessity for immediate action. Gov
ernor Gage, who Is the president of the
commission, telegraphed to Washington
and requested Senator Perkins to have
the Government lands in the Big Basin
withdrawn from entry pending investiga
tion Into the question of whether the sev
eral tracts could be made available to the
State of California for a park. Favorable
action was secured at Washington, and if
there are any little private speculations
based on these' Government lands they
are now dead. If the State needs the
lands It will probably get them free of
cost, and will not be compelled to pay a
great price for them. Including the piece
sought by Miss McKinney, the exact area
of Government lands in the Big Basin is
K£5.80 acre3. /¦¦ •
Santa Cruz County assessment un
der the designation of "unknown
owners." The prospect of losing
control of one mile of Waddell Creek at
this point suggested that there might oth
er dangers In store for the park as a Stats
proposition hidden in the "unknown own
ers" lands. At any rate a map was made
under the direction of the commission by
the United States Land ¦ Office, and the
revelations that were thereby brought to
the Commissioners are summarized easily.
There are fourteen pieces marked on the
County Assessor's map In Santa Cruz to
"unknown owners" which were discovered
to belong to the Government, and accord
ingly open to entry. These are all in
Township 9 south. In section 18. range 3
west, there are S5.80 acres; in section 3,
range 4 west, 240 acres; In section 11,
range 4 west, 360 acres; in section 13,
range 4 west, SCO acres; ' In section 14.
range 4 west, 160 acres; in section 24,
range 4 west, 120 acres. To any. one fa
miliar with Government land maps it wiH
instantly appear that these pieces are
somewhat scattered, but the fact will not
be made evident without explanation that
some of these lands so mysteriously car
ried on the Santa Cruz County Assessor's
books are in very sightly localities.
One 6pot is on a precipice that is many
hundred feet 'high— a Eightly location for
the placing of come sort of a summer
proposition in the bands of private own
ers in case the Big Basin is turned into
a park. There is at least one other ste
on a ridge included in the Government
holdings that Is eligible for private usa
and gain, supposing the park, to exist.
These may be only coincidences, but they
are interesting facts — equally Interesting
posEibly, with the control of the key to
Indispensable, Waddell Creek, that would
have been secured in private hands had
the McKinney homestead entry been per
fected.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 18.— Charles Koe
nig, a nine-year-old boy of this city, had
a narrow escape from death to-day. s He
was coming home from the -"West End
depot and walking along the North Pa
clflc Coast Railroad track. He started \ to
cross the trestle over*. San Rafael Creek
and before getting across a locomotive
came into sight- The. lad leaped Into the
creek, twenty feet . below. " He ¦ was -: res
cued and taken to a doctor's office, where
it was found that several of his ; bones
were fractured, but he .will recover. • v .
His Life, but Is Badly In
jured. ,--
LEAPS FBOM A TEESTLE
TO ESCAPE LOCOMOTIVE
Nine-Year-OId San Rafael Lad Saves
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— The Postofflce
Department to-day ' issued the following:
Postofflce discontinued, February 28: Ore
gon—Eagleton, Baker County, mail to
Banger. Postmasters commissioned: Ore
gon—David L. Moomaw, Baker City.
Washington— Charles E. Hallenbeck, Pu>
allup; "William B. Main, Blyn. Appointed:
Caliiornia— SL M. "Wnitiock, Carmel, Mon
terey County, vice J. J. Hebbron, resignea.
Wasnington— W*. A. Fauias, Kedmond,
King county, vice Ala tniau Alunson, rc
uxovtd. i ....¦-.. " i
unese pensions were granted:- Califor- ¦
nla— original— Frederick Weber, Ban !
i?rancisco, VH Gavin t3. Hastie. atocktoii,
*5s; William H. Green, Vallejo, *8. In
crease—James S. Alien, banta Aua, Jlu;
ilarva Wmte, Chino, *lu; .Kreaerick Proc
tor. ban Francisco. *12. Mexican war—
jot-epn Cyrus, Kern vine, $12; Walter * v ra
sar, tineep Kanch, 512; Alexander McCau-'
ley. Veterans' Home, Napa, *Vt; Benjamin
JUuianey Dunnam, Auburn, J12.
Oregon— Original— William tJutler,. Lat
oureli Falls, *tf. Increase— Thomas Fucsl,
Mount Angel, $8; John .Williams, Fan
Grounds, ?lo. Mexican war-rGreen Huds
peatn. Burns, $12. :y
Washington— Increase— Joseph Murphy,
Spokane, $10: Valentine Schrecfc. iSvereti,
5t>; Charles R. Connor, Spokane, $3o.
Widows— Catharine Murray/Seattle, &;
Louisa Heppe, Spokane, $8.
" Patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— Robert . Baidridge, ¦ Covlna,
bridge breaker; Eugenia C. Campbell, San
Francisco, insufflator; John W. Gushing,
San Francisco, assignor one-half to G. H.
Elliott Baker City, Or., speeding attach
ment for mills; Paul F. Deford, Pasadena,
device for playing games of chance; Wil
lis G. Dodd, San Francisco, ore or pulp
sampler; Andrew Hunter, San Francisco,
hernial truss: Leopold Julig, San- Fran
cisco, projectile and fuse; Frances Nacke,
San Francisco, hair picker; "Edwin P.
Raether, San Diego, door securer; John
J. Ryan, San Jose, cigar wrapping ma
chine; Ira B. Walker, Etna, butter cutter.
Oregon — John C. Hoefer, Portland, ore
separating machine; Edwin U. Phillips,
assignor to Modern Telescope Company,
Portland, telescopic traveling bag; Fred
erick Wiggins, Salem, camera. . t ,.
Washington— Austin B. Edmonds, Rldge'
fleld, combined saw set, ga?e, swage.
Jointer: James E. and F. L. Elder. Day
ton, threshing machine: William Richard
son, Colfax; shoe cleaning machine.
Granted.
vice and New Pensions
Changes Made in the ' Postoffice Ser-
OF "LNTEREST TO PEOPLE .
I OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Continued From Page One
be credited on the board account of his
daughter. The attorney told of Nora
calling- at his office with messages from
Mrs. Fuller and also to secure carfare.
He. denied that he had at any time ever
taken '¦ Nora Fuller to a restaurant or
theater, or that he Jiad seen her since
the day of her disappearance until he
was asked to Identify her body.
Mary Johnson, residing at 2209 . Sutter
street, testified to giving the keys of the
house at 2211 Sutter street to a man on
two occasions.-- This man answered the
description of. Bennett or Hawkins, and
on the last occasion when he called for
the keys he had retained, them.
Isldor Levy, a letter-carrier, was the
last witness called yesterday. He stated
that mail passed through his hands for
the Golden "West Hotel, and that some
letters were delivered at the hotel ad
dressed to "C. B. Hawkins." These let
ters also bore the address, "or 2211' Sut
ter street," and when the clerk at the
hotel said that Hawkins was not there
the witness ' had marked . the letters for
delivery at 2211 Sutter street.
The investigation was then adjourned
until this morning at 10 o'clock.
ALL CLEWS LEAD TO NOTHING
Nora Fuller's Murderer.
K"o Progress Being Made in Tracing
Absolutely nothing new developed yes
terday in the search for the man who
murdered Nora Fuller. Every story and
other bit of evidence that might lead to
the detection of the criminal have been
sifted thoroughly, but as far as fixing
the identity of the slayer the police are in
exactly ."the same position they were when
the- body, was first identified.
¦ Captain. Seymour does not think that
the Coroner's inquest, so. far as it has
gone, has thrown any new light on the
case, nor- is he hopeful that anything will
be adduced by the investigation that is
not already known to the police. ;
ItMs admitted by Captain Seymour that
a promising report was received from
Placerville regarding a suspect who is
now under surveillance there. - The infor
mation was sent by the Sheriff of El Do
rado County, who thinks from the de
scription of Bennett or Hawkins and
otlier collateral circumstances that the
Fuller murderer may be a clgarmaker of
Placerville. The suspect is x>elng closely
watched to prevent escape while the cir
cumstances connecting him with the mur
der are being thoroughly inve3tigate"d ¦ by
the San Francisco police and the officials
of Placerville. . _
Accidentally ' Asphyxiated.
SACRAMENTO, * Feb. ; 18.— The wife ot
Dr. F. J. Hunger, was found by her hus
band lying dead on the floor of the bath
room this evening. She had not been well
for some time. A match which had been
lighted was. lying on the floor near her
hand, the gas being . turned on. It was
evident that while trying to light the gas
she had fallen in a faint and was as
phyxiated.
Keene Aids Blizzard Sufferers.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— James R. Keene
to-day gave $10,000 for the relief of the
poor who suffered in the blizzard of yes
terday. It -was the duplication of a simi
lar gift made last winter by Mr. . Keenc,
and was sent to the United Hebrew Char
ity Societies. '¦
Association- Give ; Ar
¦ ? . ;
Representatives of ."Suffrage
' ' F^b. _18. r Delegations
representing" "the^ Woman Suffrage" Ass6- ;
ciation.inow.in session' Jiere, appeared be
fore : committees -.of ; Congress • to-day .in
advocacy;6f 'their Jpfea that women be al
lowed to exercise the right of suffrage.
.". In ; the 'Senate ' they appeared before the
Committee on Woman Suffrage., The meet
ing : waS *pre^IdedTove"r ; by , Senat0r-3acon
of -Georgia, ~M who practically .turned the
control : of the ) hearing over,: to) Susan B.
Anthony, .who made the tlrst address of
the day. '¦} She'- began by calling ; attention
to the fact : that for thirty -four years, or
seveateen H Congresses, • the women have
¦been coming to Congress with their pleas,
but she said that only on one occasion
had their, proposed amendment to the con
stitution been ~ awarded the honor of be
ing taken up In the Senate for discussion.
- She therefore made an appeal to be hear J
by the - Senate,"*, expressing , the conviction
that - the women i of the country are as
much entitled to be heard as are the Fili
plnoa,; the Porto ; Ricahs and the Ha
walians.'" '¦:¦, < % . ''--¦" *. ;¦"¦-'¦* ¦'¦ " ¦ ¦ '~ .
the: House -side- the delegation ap
peared' before .-the j Judiciary. Committee.
Mrs." Carrie " Chapman Catt,' president of
the association, explained .to the commit
tee'that-she desired- particularly that the
foreign' delegates should describe to the
committee the woman suffrage movement
in other parts of the world. The speak
ers to-day- were -Miss Vida "Goids-teAn of
Australia, Mrs. Ewald of Sweden, Mrs.
Freedland of Russia, Mrs. Fenwlck Miller
of England, i ! Isabel Campbell of .Wyo
ming," Miss Theodosia Ammons of Colo
rado, Mrs. Lapish of Utah, Miss Weaver
of .Idaho and Mrs. Catt: . " . •
.;• ¦ Miss i Goldstein, * the .< first speaker, told
of the struggle and success of the woman
suffrage ' movement in different ; portions
of Australia, and explained the political
status of .women there, as well as the
great benefits that: had - followed thfc
granting of suffrage to ' women. The pre •
dictions .of the adversaries of woman suf
frage had utterly failed, ,she declared." ¦ ¦
' "The women.' of Australia," she said,
"do not forget their. homes or their ba
bies, and they do not raid the public of
fices.", :•-¦-' ¦ ;' ¦ . : ¦ :/¦.',¦
, Mrs. Freedland explained that in a coun
try like I Russia there was, : of • course, lit
tle suffrage, but what there is is shared
equally by men. and women. In a coun
try whose political laws were the least
liberal those laws were the : most liberal
to the civil capacities of women.
¦¦¦' Mrs. Ewald of Sweden and Mrs. Drew
son of Norway, where women paying 1
taxes on an income the. equivalent of $100
a year enjoy ; suffrage,' told of, the auf
frage privileges enjoyed by , women in
their "countries. In. Sweden women en-
Joyed the ballot before men."
Miss Campbell, who Is the daughter of
the first • Governor of "Wyoming, the 1 ex
ecutive who signed the woman suffrage
law,, declared j that, every ¦ Governor of
Wyoming had testified that woman suf
frage had worked out. • . . —
Miss Ammons of Colorado declared that
every woman elected to office in Colorado
had reflected credit upon her sex. Mrs.
Mary Wood Swift of California, said Se
partment stores had driven many women
from employment and that the protests
against them have not even made a dent
in ' economic ; condltiona. For this and
other reasons she supported woman suf
frage. \ .¦'.,-'
The Rev. Anna Shaw closed the hear
ing:. She recalled the thirty-two years of
knocking ' at the door of Congress for
woman suffrage. Years ago', she said,' the
"women came here with only theories," but
to-day they could stand on the result of
suffrage wherever it has been granted .In
thiscountry. She'urged the appointment
of / a : committee - to ¦¦ investigate : the ques
tion'of whether -suffrage had or had not
been a success in those States. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • . -
' Mrs. Catt, in :¦ concluding the hearing,
said the association could hardly hope for
a' 1 favorable report on the joint suffrage
resolution before the committee, but in
all justice she asked' for'an investigation
of- the result of the woman suffrage in th*
four States of Idaho, Utah. Colorado and
"Wyoming. ¦¦*, For the present, she said, tl'c
association would be content with/that.
"If you ;do not find it a good thing," she
paid, "we will turn pur guns on those
States and make it a good thing."
that he delivered the goods at 2211 Sutter
street on. January 10 about noon, after
recelvlrg them from the Standard Furni
ture Company. -
Gives 'Different description.
"Witness said - that ' when . he arrived at
the house he rang the bell and was admit
ted by a man, 1 who told him to;brlng the
bed and mattress upstairs. The witnesh
continued: '
¦ I carried the . bed and mattress upstairs to
a small tack room and I set the bed up. I
had to cut some of the wood in order to make
it fit. ¦ The, man. watched -me while I was at
work.' . He was about five feet ten inches in
height and was of broad build. He had dark
clothes i on . and '¦' I • saw he ; had a heavy gold
link watch chain. '• I don't remember his face.
He was a, well-dressed man and did not seem
to: be nervous or excited. iL.''-.'
'. r Edward Petrle, clerk . at the Golden
West Hotel, testified that the records of
the ¦ hotel showed that "C. B. Hawkina"
had never been a guest there. WitrfWsi
stated that he remembered mall being
delivered at the hotel for a man of • that
name, -;but- could not describe ' the man.
He -could -only say that the man hail
called for mail about the middle of ; last
month. " ' -
"W. J. Lee, a trained nurse, gave evi
dence that on Sunday, January 12, he saw
a man and a. young girl on Sutter street
about 7 p. im.; and. that they : tallied . with
the descriptions given of Nora Fuller and
Bennett or. Hawkins. Lee said: ;-- • ¦ ¦>
¦ - 1 • passed ! close ¦ to ¦ them and the- girl's coat
brushed against me. ; She , glgrgled , as If she
wanted tofllrt and the man with "her glared
at ; me. .' " He had a flshy^ eye. -I could not , tell
what color his eyes were. •: I* saw the man and
the girl go into the house at 2211 Sutter street
and | the man opened the . door with one - of a
bunch - of : keys. - -:-^.-- --;,.-
Locksmith Sticks to His Story.
Mrs. J.: B. -Whitney, who has charge of
the - little daughter of Attorney Grant,
testified that' she had never, at any. time
warned ¦' Mrs. '?;. Fuller* i not to go -on ; the
streets ; alone • at' night, ; because sho ? was
being watched. The • testimony of thia
witness contradicted ¦ Mrs. r Fuller. in this
respect. f ai^ ! B8S^B^MgiJfgStggS^St
' Emlle' ,F. •- Bertrand, a* locksmith ; em
ployed by ¦Umbsen~& Co., swore that he
had' visited the ; house ; 2211 ' Sutter, street
on January^lO and also' on January. 18.- ¦¦¦¦¦
¦ ' "On ,' each - occasion : I ' went '•" all through
the ' house," said the witrfess, ' •: "and lam
positive • that \ no furniture < was ¦ In any
room." ¦.-.<.*"'.•- '
V Coroner ', Leland .-. asked Bertrand * If ; he
had not first. made this statement because
he- had not' visited Ithe- house," as 'was ex
pected of : him, ; and , desired to stand well
with 'his employers by making i them be
lieve ' that . he :. had ' faithfully ¦ attended to
his y duties, - 'but j Bertrand. stuck . to his
story..', •;,-: i " ; >"-• ; *.*',•¦-'¦"¦ ¦•"¦:¦¦:'-:, '^ :,.-¦¦¦
¦Madge /Graham, the 14-year-old ' girl
who;..wasra close friend ; of : Nora Fuller, 1
,was * placed on . the ': witness-stand - and
closely i questioned ; ; by ;" the » Coroner ' and
somesof; the 1 jurors. The 'girl repeated
her ' story " that>; on ? many:- occasions ' she
had f accompanied * Nora Fuller > to . a /gro
cery'near.^ Mrs. .-Fuller's, home "and*- had
heard Nora •>. telephone to a man . named
Bennett. 1 ,-: \ .'
-¦"Nora asked me not ."'to ..listen* when,
she . telephoned to '. Bennett," •: said ¦: Madge
Graham.-; ' "I * asked ; her , who Bennett \ was
and -Nora; said: he was. a friend of hers."
Attorney Grant Is Called.
.:-; Attorney.' Hugh ,C.~ Grant was .the next
Witness,* but. his testimony, failed , to throw
anyj light' on the disappearance and mur
der; of ¦' Nora'- Fuller.* iif^OHmMHMiri
; •: Grant U was a questioned : asi to . his rela
tions i with i the ¦ Fuller; family, and • his rea
sons ( for X buying a" dress I for. Nora >Fuller.
The attorney j repeated . the • statements he
made ;to* the •police,'* and '--told how; he>had
been^retained ;by \ Mrs.*'; Fuller 'as -her i at
torrrey i and ! that he had * boarded his ; little
girl I with .» her. ,f s He -; said ;-¦ that ;-; he :• had
bought ; the J dress ; for • Nora : with the ; con
sent of, Mrs:> Fuller, and her /son, .and ".that
the < purchase ? price • of ' the - dress ' was - to
INQUEST IN THE NORA FULLER CASE
The "decision practically indorses, every
conclusion^of the. court. of inquiry which
Schley invoked ;• it sweeps aside the' qucs^
tlon of command at that battle by the as
sertion that - it | was | settled long ago, not
by Dewey's* supplementary opinion: In the
iindings of court, but .by President
McKinley'Sr action:- in nominating Samp
son for a-greater reward. ';••¦/¦ '• •
The: review does not exceed 4500 words.
It is an extraordinary document .by 'rea
son of its v clean-cut conclusions. . It de
votes'c'onslderable space to ; condemnation
of Schley J for his actions In : the Hodgson
affair, but.^the opinion that will undoubt
edly attract most attention is contained in
that part- of-, the review which, considers
the part' which Admiral Schley took: in
the; battle/ of , Santiagp. . Therein occurs
an observation that it was less dangerous
for. the Brooklyn to turn from the enemy
than toward -him, and that it; would have
been moreV dangerous to the enemy had
the Brooklyn turned in the opposite direc
tion than /the one in which she did. The
entire review is in the nature of. condem
nation, and will be made public. on Thura
day.--'- ¦¦ >-v'S< ¦'-¦ ' "¦ ¦;.'•- ' ¦- ¦ -''-¦ ¦¦-'¦ •- ' ¦¦¦ •
Q Before the President finally drafted his
decision he read it to members of his
Cabinet. 1 ~to leaders "of ; the Senate.and
House,' to naval officers and •; to, others
whose advice he valued. His opinion is
/not satisfactory to the friends of Rear
Admiral Schley, but it is approved by. tho
Republican leaders.. : . " '
As far as further action Is concerned, it
means an end of the controversy.. There
is no intention on the part of Congress to
take up the matter after the President
has disposed of it. .
.CALL^.BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W:, r\VASHINGTON, ' Feb. 18.—Supple
menting" the ; forecast" of President Roose
velt* preview, or the fichley case there -can
now be .added "from "¦ a source as trust
worthy as:ahy, in further de
tails.:. i .V^.T-\,^.- ;•;;;.' \-.-r-^:- ..•..:.;:.,.,,- &!
£% ¦ Special Dispatch to The' Call. '
-¦ ;.: -ffV.Vlsi-A:-'- -¦ : •;¦•-¦•...•
¦DecisionLof ..Chief^Executive
.cally; Indorses Every Conclusion :
i [ by the Court ) of ; : : . '"
it '.&¦¦','/'& - '^Induiry. •'''*¦'<. •. ; '•'•;¦ -•••;; ¦
. ! --V.. •:• ~'*%; ' •' -..,''¦''„- \ , r '?¦'¦'.' ¦¦~i ?v .•.'•¦¦¦'
Austria Is Also Compelled to Declare
Martial Law, and the Premier . \
Blames Anarchists for the
"StrifeV
TRIESTE, Feb. 18.— Three Austrian
warships have arrived here and have
landed bluejackets to protect the harbor
and the Austrian Lloyd Steamship Com
pany's docks. Four notorious ; anarchists
have been arrested. Quiet prevails here
and the bluejackets-landed to protect the
harbor and the docks have been with
drawn. An Italian anarchist agitator
named Brontzi, from Ancolo, has been ar
rested. .
After a heated debate and violent So
cialist denunciations of the troops and
Governor of Trieste a Government • bill
authorizing the. establishment of martial
law passed its first reading and it was de
cided to appoint a committee instructed to
report on the Trieste disturbance within
a week. .
Warships Land Bluejackets.
VIENNA, Feb. 18.— In the Relchsrath
to-day the Premier; made a vigorous de
fense of the action of the police at Trieste
during the recent riots, contending that
anarchists and not workmen were at the
bottom of the trouble. The Premier fur
ther asserted that an investigation had
resulted in establishing- beyond a doubt
the existence of a terrorist organization,
whose creed was absolute lawlessness,
and against which the whole force tafthe
defensive powers of the -state must be
called. The Governor of Trieste, he said,
acted In accordance with his duty In pro
claiming martial law and the police and
military authorities had shown much tact
and good will in performing their difficult
duties. Martial law would be withdrawn
so soon as public order was restored and
not before. • .
Blames Anarchists at Trieste.
A serious collision between .'the troops
and the strikers occurred at San Martin,
a. village in the suburbs. Here the troops
tired on the mob, killing three ana wound
ing six. AV Badelena the mob attacked
the gendarmes and ttie cavalry, who were
protecting the streetcar service, "and a
serious melee followed, in which one per
son was killed and three wounded. At
Sabadell, also in the suburbs, the strikers
burned the octrpl tax office and a con
vent. Troops have been sent to Sabadell
and other places to suppress the disorders.
Rioting was renewed here 4 -this evening
and crowds of strikers paraded ' the
streets, doing extensive damage. : The
troops charged them repeatedly; out oniy
succeeded in dispersing them on opening
tire.. The strikers then assembled in large
numbers in the outskirts of the city, it
is feared they meditate an. attack upon
the factories. Troops 'have proceeded: to
the factories to be in readiness* for an
emergency.
Strikers and Troops Fight.
¦' The Captain General ¦ of Barcelona has
summoned a meeting of- the proprietors
of. the metal works, at which he will
recommend granting the strikers' demand
for nine hours' work per day. , "
BARCELONA, Feb. 18.— The city of Bar
celona Is in control of the troops, but
isolated- bands of strikers - are stiii doing
considerable damage. Kioters ¦ to-day- at
tacked a prison van and attempted to re»
lease a number of strikers who had been
made prisoners.. A striKer. tired on. the
guard, who in turn shot and ¦ killed th«
man who fired on him. A. large lumber
yard has been burned by incendiaries anil
several stores have been pillaged. -~ >. :
Both houses passed a bill to-day sus
pending, the constitutional -guarantees in
the sub-province of Barcelona. .. ,,,
-V; Attack a Prison Van. > ¦
¦ . . - ¦ ¦ ¦•.¦¦-¦-¦¦.- ,.-¦ ¦ . ......
: MADRID, Feb. \ 18.— The strike move
ment threatens to involve the whole of
the proving of Catalonia. The strict cen
i sorship makes it difficult " to get ac
;.curate, news .of _the. occurrences. _One o *
the • chief j alms of the strikers" ' at j Bar
i celona seenis to be to prevent the sale of
food. , The slaughter-houses are. tilled
with meat which the strikers . prevent
from being delivered to the shops.;, Sim
ilar, commands exist in the otner~.food
markets, with the result that, prices "are
rising and a famine Is feared. Ic is be
r iievea the striKers have secreted stores of
provisions. ' '¦':¦ ¦ ' • -
Whole Province of Catalonia
Involved, and Violence
Is Renewed.
Con'gre|s- -Will -Not —Reopen,
• ; V; tner jSfantiago! Battle
¦¦{r^;-$ Controversy.^-. ¦ ;
Presidio of San Francisco, Battery Lancaster,
Lieutenant' Colonel James M. Lancaster. Third
Artillery, died at Fort Monroe. Va. October 5.
WOO. Battery Cranston, First Lieutenant Ar
thur Cranston. Fourth Artillery, killed at the
Lava Beds, Cal.. April 20, 1873, in action
against the Modoc Indians. Battery Godfrey,
Captain George J. Godfrey, Twenty-second In
fantry who was killed in the Philippines June
3. 1SH9. Battery Saffold. Captatn Marion M.
Eaffold, Thirteenth Infantry, killed in action
in the Philippines October 8, 1899.! Battery
Crosby. First Lieutenant Franklin B. Crosby,
Fourth Artillery, killed in the battle of Chau
cellorsviHe May 3, 1863. Battery Sherwood,
Second Lieutenant Walter Sherwood, Seventh
Infantry, killed in a. hand-to-hand encounter
with the Seminole Indians near Fort Micanopy,
Fla. December 28, 1840. Battery Slaughter.
First Lieutenant William A. Slaughter, Fourth
Infantry, killed at Brannons Prairie. Wash
ington Territory, December 4. 1855, in action
against the White River Indians. Battery
Howe Colonel Albion P. Howe, Fourth Artil
lery, brevet major general, who died January
4, 1S97. Battery Stolteenburgr. Captain John
M Stoltsenburg-, Sixth Cavalry, formerly colo
nel First- Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, killed
in action in the' Philippines April 23, 1899.-.
Fort Rosecrans— Battery Wilkesou, First
Lieutenant Bayard Wilke son, Fourth Artillery,
killed in the battle of Gettysburg, July 1, 1S0.J.
Battery McGrath, Hugh J. McGrath, B'ourth
Cavalry, who died November 7, 18iX), of wounds
received In action in .the- Philippines, October
8. 1809. Battery Fetterman, Second' Lieutenant
tieorge Fetterman, • Third Artillery, who died
June 27, 1844. Battery Burnham, First Lieu
tenant Howard M. Burnham, Fifth Artillery,
killed in the battle Of Chlckamauca, Septem
ber 19, 18(33.
I Fort McDowell— Battery Drew, First Lieu
tenant Alt red W. Drew, , 'l'welith Infantry,
rormerly major Third > Tejcas Volunteer ln
tantry. killed in action : In the i'nilippines,
August lv. 1BU9. Battery"Ledyard. First Lieu
tc-nant August C. Ledyard. Sixth Imantry,
killed in action in the .Philippines, December
8, 1S99. Battery Wallace, First Lieutenant
Hobert B. Wallace. Second Cavalry, formerly
colonel Thirty-seventh Volunteer Imantry, who
died March 13. im>. of wounds received in
action in the Philippines, Ireoruary 10, ISSW.
Fort iiaker — Jiattery Spencer, Major General
Jos*i>h iipencer, Continental Army, who served
with disUnction in the War of ths Revolution
and died January 13, 17SK. Battery Kirby,
First Lieutenant Kdmund Kirby, brigadier gen.
eral Volunteers, . who died May 28, E 1S63, of
wounds received at the battle of Chancellors,
ville. Battery Duncan, Colonel James B. Dun.
can, who served with distinction In . the war
with Mexico and died July 3, lsi'J. .
CALL BUREAU. 1406 V G STREET N.
-W.;, WASHINGTON. Feb. 18.-The artil
lery batteries orii tbe.several military res
crvatlona In . California;' have been named
by the War Department in honor of the
following officers!:, z. ._„. _.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Honor Is Accorded Men Who
Fell in Thick of
Ebosevelt'Cdnapletes His
J^Liongf Reyie^ of % ) • '•'¦ \
h ;; ©tlie" Ca'se. '•?•-. ": ;
Spaniards Being Shut
Off Prom t ha Food'
-Markets.
Artillery Commands in
California Given D es
ignation.
fore Committees- in
Congress.
¦ ¦¦• ¦ . ¦ •
Delegations Appear Be-
FEAR FAMINE
AS A RESULT
OF STRIKES
SCHLEY'S
ACTIONS ARE
CONDEMNED
BATTERIES BEAR
HEROES' NAMES
WOMEN PLEAD
FOR THE BALLOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL^ ' \V EPN ESD A Y> FEBRUARY 19, 1902.
Continued From Page One.
KEEPS LANDS OF BIG BASIN,
Larry Gillen,. 'driver for Cavanaugh, tes
tified-to delivering a mattress and: other
bedding at the house at 2211 Sutter street
on : the night of . January 9. • He said : ¦':
I rang, the bell twice and a , man J came to
the door., i He had an umbrella In hia hand.
I told him' I had Bome goodB for that house,
and he •' told ¦ me to • bring ' them " in. I asked
him If I could i have a light, and he said the
gas was , not turned on. It .was : quite dark
and' I did not notice anything special | about
his face. I left the goods .inside the door and
near • the stairs going . to the - top floor of the
house. ;: j .' ' .. - ¦¦"'"'¦¦• -¦'.•• .-
The man was about five feet nine inches tall
and had a long black: frock coat on. He had
a silk hat and I think he was close shaved.
The' .man seemed' nervous' and uneasy and "Ilia
hands were shaking. - : - "- • ¦-. <•¦''•' ' • •¦
Richard _• Fitzgerald, salesman for, the
Standard -Furniture ¦ Company on . Mission
street, testified that: on- the morning of
January' 10 :¦ last he sold; a bed, wire mat
tress and a chair to a man, *who: desired
to have the goods delivered at 2211 Sutter
street before- noon. - The "witness said: - -v'
r The man said he? would be there to . receive
the- goods, and _ our.: driver. .".Tobin, '. was in
structed to deliver them. ¦ The man who . made
the purchase was neatly dressed.. I cannot re
member just ' what he wore or what ; his face
looked like." : ' ,' ' . :
The witness said that he had ' identified
the^ bed;* mattress- and chair found in. the
room- where Nora' Fuller's body, was dis
covered ; as ,: the . same * goods - he had • sold
on the morning of January. 10.- •*, :"»¦ *
, Thomas Tobin; an; expressman; testified
Did Not Notice Man's Face.
2
A i erics of Promenade Recitals are being given at the new piano ware-
rcoms of the Wiley B. Allen go., 93 1-933. Market st, from 8:30 to 9:30 o'clock
every evening during this week under the direction of leading artists .of- tho
city. All Market-st. cars stop directly. In front' of the buildlngr. "
Miss Jennie L.. Shelley, Church and Concert Soprano and Teacher of the
Capplano method of Voice Culture, will sing to-night the following numbers:
1— Aria from "Luda'di Lamm ermoor" .....Regnara dl ¦ Silencio , '
2— "Rosenknospe" ;. ... w ..'... Bartlett
3— "Verglssmeinnlcht" ........................7.... Suppe; .
\ Mrs. 8. Ursumando. Concert Pianiste "arid "Teacher, will render classical
selections on the Everett Grand piano.
The fourth recital will be under the direction. of Mr. Wallace Sabin, Or-
ganist St. Luke's Church and Temple Emanu-El, for Thursday evening.
The musical public are cordially Invited to attend these Promenade Con-
certs. HHttflHBSnSsro
£§| WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
931-933 MAEKIT STREET, San FranciscD. ,'
-*•¦ " AD VEBTISEMENTS^^^^^
Hoo^sSarsc^arUlqt
Has wan success far beyond 'the effect
.of advertising only., .
ItsV wonderful .; popularity is ex-
plained ¦ \>y i t s unap proach a\) le Mirit. . '
npon a ; which'
• cured ¦ people considered incurable, „ - :
Hc^^s:SqrsapqrilIa
;Unite8 the best-known vegetable rem^,'
? edies in^jBucha wayla3^to:have ; cura->
tive power peculiar, to itself. : , I - :
--Its cores of ; scrof ula, : eczema, psori-'
asis, and every kind of humor^ as well;
as catarrh and rheumatism ~ 'prove ;" '
;the best blood purifier ever produced.
'U Its curis^of dyspepsia^ Jobs Of appe-<>'
.tite'aifd that^tircd feeling^niake it, the v
greatest} stomach I tonic and ¦ 6trengthj- K
restorer the world has ever known. ?
¦¦¦¦¦¦ Begin i to "take it TODAY. ;
AUCTION,
Von Rhein R. E. Co.
513 Caliiornia Strrct
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20th.
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cor. Franklin and O'FarrsIL
V - * 7 Superb Lots.
SVNXrr. CKNTRAL. ANO IN A FASHIOJ*-
,-,*' ABLE LOCALITY.
;> %^ J O'FARRELL STREET.
o
R
g •>
H BM ig
X . M
i\ — : .-s
",..:^' '112:6 U "¦. . ' '' S
Horn z of J. O Slubfcs Esq. '
Tia> Kariee View. - .
On account of removal to Chicago; 47:0x
127:SV»; 2510 Pacific ave; west of Stelnei;
auperb. artl.«tlc home: J." rooms, billiard. li-
brary. 4 baths; permits to see house at of dee.
WE3STS2-BT. COBlfXH— RiiiT $35.
27.6xSl:3; S.W. corner Webster and W;idejr,
north of Bush; Improvement* are old, but tl»»
corner la admirably adapted for a store and
flats. *5£KaKM
r<OS-ST. MfD.'SRH rEAT3-BEST3 $73 5>
50x95, with ••L" S feet fronting Seventeenth
street; Noa. S2C-332 Noe: take Castro car*;
owner reslaes out cf the State; a bargain:
C0HSEH BUCHANAN AITS FIXX.
C5xSl:vt. In 1 or 2 lots; northwest corner: 55
feet en Buchanan by Sl:3 en Pine; choice!
STKVES30N, B3T. 5TH A5D 6TH-RE5T %i%
22:6x75; 429 Stevenson; central location, clos*
to market and to new postofflce; reduced pres-
ent rent $40; one tenant.
CornjT Clipper tad Siaaoad — 130x111.
Southwest corner; 160 on Clipper by 114 on
Diamond.
UniTtrsity IToa d Enray - B~o& US.
Lots 3. 4. 5, 6. 7. 8; each lot 100x120; front-
ing Gambler. SUliman, Madison and Henry
sts. ; 3 corners; also
Bloik 141.
Fronting Henry. Mansfield.- Knox and Burrows
streets and La Grande avenue.
Block 1(8.
Fronting Henry. Madison. Knox and Sllllroaa
streets and La Grande avenue.
Frsclta Vallgy Lands.
Lot? 234, 235 and 230: also lots 20 and 23.
I H — Nothing like it. Comfort & £%
¦ P — IePV^ wenrityl A Perfect TUUd per. * Bm
¦ U / *3n 1 * 1 does the work! *&" Call or §M
! Amt \ w rite/o«fi«»for' < BOOtL«T5o.l." Jm
««^ Address: Maonetfc B. Tm$$ Co, tm
. . . _ „ 2"O Port Street, San Francisco, Cal, JKSj
or I I4d Broadway, >'ew York. vienUon thU p»p« &$+*
BL/HSr»W ¦ . —i- •HbIb«I amt Only ttejivtBo.
P P TT C U 17 C F0R BARBERS. BAK«
JLJllUOflljO eis - bootblacks, bath-
. houses. Wllard tables,
brev.-ers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannent,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper- j
hangers, printers, painters, shoe , factories;
stablemen, tar-roofers, tannera. tailors, etc.-
, tSUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramento St
jP)9 III A Ammunition and Sporting
1 ¦ H Ural Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
R-5 j S\S '^ est Prices. Until cioss ot
Sam Em M ¦ ¦ huntlns season win offer
v$x7 «y 0 V M * uns at reduced prices
Send for ratalo<u». ¦
3'BBVS4BA8BIR CO..
73JM»rist8t »ai 511 5j tray 2i
1A/. T. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOaHBT-AT-LilT.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Ciaus Spreckels H\<lg.
Telephone Main DS3.
Residence. 821- California St., below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1301.
! Weak Men and Women
! CHOULDCSEDAMIANA BITTEKS, THS
! V Great, Mexican Remedy: gives health and
ttrength to aexuai organs. Depot. 32^ Market.
feBlCiSLOOifirW
ADVE"RTISE"BirENTS.
THIS WEEK
OFF ON
LADIES'
POCKET
BOOKS.,
SEE THEM IN OUR WINDOW.
SPECIAL PRICES ON DRUGS
AND PATENT MEDICINES.
BRING US YOUR PRESCRIPTIONS
-AND SAVE SO PER CENT.
Prompt Attention to Covntry Or d:r5
i Bflfl3BfiftA4'^RBflMHHHB<VBflflflBBfll *
WK GIVE TBADIH&' STAMPS.
A D VEBTISEaiENTS.
- f-
COHBMBKHHIBEHBEBBBBBBI
s Ladies 9 j
| Tailoring |
G AT- — •• |
| KELLER'S, j
-The First' Spring!
| Arrivals. ]
D Every day, just now, i
gj something new arrives in ,
g our Ladies' Tailoring De- {
B partment — advance guards l
S of the fabrics that will reign j
g supreme as the season |
¦ opens up. |
n Those Suitings are ex- j
ts tremely attractive, and are j
§ meeting the very highest en- |
*3 dorsement of the ladies who !
BD ¦' «u.» . ¦ » . ¦
B have seen them. The col-
§ orings are unusually pretty. I
¦ and the following materials i
E will give some illustration j
1 of the fabrics most in de- j
Ml nionn v ' - ' I
rg llJttlKJ. - \- •- I
g PAN CLOTBS, in' Canti's-hair i
a Effects. \
I BROADCLOTHS. CHEVIOTS, |
g HOMESPUN EEFECTS, Etc. j
Perfect Workmanship. i
a Perfect Fit :
¦ , •¦ tvery avenue of scien- !
| tific exertion has been so I
g carefully worked -out that i
H \w feel assured that we can {
g guarantee perfection' in fit. j
S From the moment the l
* i
g material goes into the i
a hands of the cutter and at J
g every stage it passes J
g through till it is a finished I
a garment, it receives* the j
g scrutiny of an expert work- j
!¦ er. Nothing that scientific I
B skill can accomplish is left i
g untried, and the rapidly |
g growing reputation of our J
B work is the proof. i
| c4,fi%^fo% |
g 1028-1030 Market St. j
££ SAX FRAJTCISCO. [
S /\LSO OAKLAND.. |
V writes .-•to . |§Lh VM.
Kohler ® Chacse . JL .##
'. / on. the m£&
FIANOLA I
I Declares the P1AMOLA I
j the best of Pia.no PlaLyin^ 1
§ Device's I
fa __ --. - „_ at? aln cuta himself on record with PaderewskI, Sauer, Rosen- M
IM thai De^Pacbmann and all th e pianoforte masters aa a Pianola enthusiast. M
H Palac e Hotel, San Francisco, February 13, 1902. .
m * KOHLER '& CHASE. M
¦ H Gentlemen: . _ lrea( jy ex pressed myself as an admirer of the Pianola. HI
B Though ha X! n t^o t after !»» vlng played and become better acquainted with J
II I am elad -to say "«•* • m
H this wonderful llttie . w
¦ . instrument I am mor y^V I • -f. A ,11
\% than ever lmpresaec L-/^*^-. i>l^*^Lf '^'-^- *^»
fJI with Its Dractical aw. "J Z*~»~*~is<-*9
'¦¦Km artistic advanta.es. 1 - ¦ - y r .& a
fa " am free to say that . p-^»_ >o • 1
B. n0 1 u^fan i o . at iayln > B St de- f ¦ Sett c fl cP~Lq d^^ * 1
B SOLE AGENTS FDR CAL1F0BMA. r,: &
¦**m - 6 » 2S » 30 O'FARRELL STREET. San Francisco^ Cal. JlMiners Object to Japanese.
/DENVER,', Feb. IS.— The- white" miners
employed' in the Maitland : coal mines at
Walsenburg struck to-day/ because the
Japanese miners who were recently driven
out of Chandler were taken to Walsen
burg and put . to - work in the Maitland.
The Japanese are working under guard. •¦'
word of warning,' he -toppled, backward in
the bed, lapsing into a state of uncon
sciousness. At 1 o'clock he passed away,
death resulting from ' the rupture of a
blood vessel in the brain. :¦;.- • •'
A wife and several grown children sur
vive the deceased. William Milroy, a
brother,, is connected .with the Southern
Pacific Company. • !• ' r
R. B. Milroy. was a native of Tennessee
and had I passed the allotted . three-score
years. Before becoming identified with
the turf he was for a number, of years
engaged at railroading. R. : B.- Milroy has
been known to local , racegoers ever since
his connection with the. old Blood Horso
Association, before ' that body became
merged into the California Jockey Club.
He' was of the sort designated as the
"salt of the earth," and could answer the
final post call knowing' that- he left noth
ing behind but friends. ; ' > .: :,
The funeral will be held from the fam
ily residence to-morrow, bat the arrange
ments are not yet completed. The direc
tors' of the New California Jockey Club
announced last night that there would-be
no racing: at the Oakland track on the
day of the funeral; " ,- ' .-.:¦¦¦-¦
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
RECOGNIZES THE OUTLAW •
¦"¦•! AND TAKES HIM TO JAIL
Former Banger in Texas Captures a
IVran Notorious for Many
: :¦';• :.' Crimes. •
ELi : PASO, Tex., Feb. 18.— After ¦ nine
years of aimless wandering . over Mexico,
Arizona, and 'New. Mexico, Ramon: Ga
lindo, a notorious outlaw '.; and \ • fugitive
niurderer/returned-ta this city to-dayand
was arrested-by ex-State Ranger Ed Bry
ant, who ¦ recognized " him in ¦ spite of the
lapse of timq.- - ' " ~ •¦
Ten years ago T Gal lndo was the leader
of the island outlaw band which operated
in this county ¦ and committed innumerable
crimes. 1 -' Captain Jones, then in command
of the "West Texas : detachment of ; State
rangers, pursued the 'gang with a handful
of * men into :. Mexico, where ' he • was • am
bushed and" murdered. The 'incident cre
ated a great deal of - excitement at the
time and almost resulted in a border war,
for the Mexican authorities were accused
of shielding the toutlaw leader, and a large
posse sent into T Mexico to recover Jones'
body " met • with resistance. The ."outlaw
leader captured here to-day is almost sure
to hang. - • s . •
PARIS, Feb.: 18. —The Temps this even
ing publishes a , dispatch . from Constanti
nople.which announces that Miss Ellen M.
Stone has | been released by the \ bilgand3
who have held : her \ captive since Septem
ber , %/last . and has been handed over* in
good health to the dragoman of Uie Amer
ican legation. TheHiispatch adds that the
%'Kev. .'Mr. Tsilka.'' has ' been arrested" on
the charge of complicity in the kidnaping
of Miss Stone. .
LONDON, ; Feb. ; 18.— Rev. Mr. Tsilka,
who, Recording to the Cpnstantinople cor
respondent of _i the Temps, in a dispatch
announcing, the' release of Miss Stone, has
been arrested on the, charge of , complicity
in the kidnaping of the - missionary, is the
husband \ of •Mme. Tsilka, Miss . Stone's
companion. It; was' announced recently
that the Turkish authorities suspected the
Rev. ! Mr. Tsilka of complicity in the ab-;
duction of Miss Stone. / ,~' '... : .' . .
NEW YORK, Feb.' 18.— Mme. K. S.
Tsilka, a Bulgarian woman, is the wife o£
Mr. Tsilka; a Macedonian teacher of
Samakov. Mme. Tsilka was educated at
Northfield ' Seminary, where ¦ ¦ she was a
schoolmate of the daughter of Rev. W. W.
Cox of Hooslck Falls, , N. Y., who is now
the wife of Dr. Bulkley of Brooklyn, N. ¥.¦
; Mme. Tsilka at the time of receiving. her
American training - and education • was
Miss Stephanora, -a Bulgarian, having
been converted in childhood to the Chris
tian belief. She came .to America after
having refused > to marry .~a man -of her
parents' > choice.. . Dwight > L. Moody,
becoming interested in her welfare/found
a place for her in his noted school. Hav
ing finished her training at that institu
tion she became - acquainted - with Mr.
Tsilka, a Macedonian, who had also. been
educated -in the United ¦: States. At that
period he was • preparing ( for | work as .a
medical missionary, v Soon after the com
pletion of. their training the couple were
married, and went ,to , Bulgaria, . where
they, at once entered upon missionary
work. „ . ." , ~\.y
'-: Miss Stone is one of .the missionaries, of
the • American board ¦ of foreign missions.
She has been attached. <o the >Salonica
mission since 1878. She was born at Rox
bury. Mass., and her home is in Chelsea,
Mass.,. where her mother resides. Four
of Miss Stone's brothers are in business in
Boston..- .:.-'• ¦¦• ¦:-- -<.: ¦¦.."'. >'. : :'j. : <_ 'li-V
Couple Who Figure ¦ in the Paring
: Abduction of the American MiB-
Vsionary Educated in This
/y ¦/ *. .:. Country. . :¦ 7
Fresh Sensation .Follows"- the
- Release of Miss Stone ;
bys Brigands.
v Arrest.;
Husband of Captive's
Companion Is Under
REV. TSILKA
ACCUSED OF
COMPLICITY
3
Cattle' Are Perishing.
LOS , ANGELES, Feb. : 18.— In many
parts of Southern California Ithe drought
is seriously . affecting livestock ; interests.
It is reported that. many cattle have per
ished and that the mortality rate will be
increased greatly unless rain" falls within
the next two weeks, as feed is exhausted.
mony,". those two magnificent. volumes (holding
up | the " typewritten ¦ testlmonoy),' are but \ con
structions of falsehood - piled t upon" falsehood;
and untrue statements piled upon untrue state
ments. •
Raker asserted • that In • obtaining the
confession of r Morris, Post violated his
sworn duty as an officer In failing to pros
ecute Morris, a man whoN assisted in kill
ing five fellow beings.. Raker * credited
Morris .with the~ astuteness of a ; practical
lawyer for. the method, he followed in giv
ing his . testimony. Lat9r. Raker, declared
that Morris had made so many-contradic
tions - in ¦• his - testimony I that no - credence
could or should be placed init. • • •
Special Dispatch to The CalL
L.OS ANGELES, Feb. 18.— State Senator
Thomas Flint Jr. formally launched his
gubernatorial candidacy to-night at a
meeting of the Second Ward Republican
Club. The meeting was attended by
Flint's southern political managers, as
well as by the man from San Juan him
self, and "all- the speakers were lustily
cheered. At the conclusion . of -the meet
ing Senator Flint was Introduced to the
members of the club and their; guests, in
dividually, and gave the "glad hand"
to all. . ;¦,-¦>
L. C. Gates was ; the first speaker and
almost his first words caused a sensation.
Said he:
It requires courage for. men to come out thus
early , In the campaign, and you Indicate by
your urtnence here to-night that you are not
satisfied with the ; Incumbent . of the ' highest
office. In the State. Such a meeting Is always
the result of unsatisfactory conditions. We be
lieved when ¦ we, gave our suffrage to a man
from the southern part of the State we would
receive the support due this section, but we
were disappointed. Certain elements were 'not
disappointed, perhaps, but the" people In gen
eral were — the people of Southern ¦ California
certainly were. ¦ •
But we are no>-here to dear with that, but
to meet a man eminently qualified for. the po
sition of Governor 'Of California. . I refer to
Thomas Flint Jr. — "Tom" . Flint, as he Is
known to all California. / "
Sidney M.' Haskell of Pomona referred to
Governor Gage's recent announcement as
a piece of farce comedy, and then, after
paying a high compliment I to Mr. Flint,
announced' the latter's candidacy for the
nomination: W. H. Dickinson and Sena
tor. R. N. Bulla also spoke In behalf of the
candidate and then Mr; Flint was Intro
duced. --_¦'
"I cannot speak particularly of my can
didacy," said Mr. Flint, "beyond
that I am in the fight to stay." .- ;_
-Flint's friends express great satisfaction
with the outlook in this section.
Los Angeles Republicans
Give Him a Hearty
Reception.
ROBERT B. MILROT,' assistant
secretary otthe New California
Jockey j Club, who was thrown
to the pavement and seriously
injured while attempting \ to
board a car of the Market street line near
the Palace Hotel on the night of February
1, passedyaway at St. Luke's Hospital
yesterday. The deceased turfman's death
came as a great shock and surprise to
his hundreds of friends, for reports of his
condition from the hospital during the
earlier forenoon hours represented him as
doing finely and on the high road to re
covery. Regret waa expressed on all sides
and among all classes of .horsemen at
Oakland track yesterday at the whole
souled and N *generous official's untimely
demise,' and the management at once or
dered the flags lowered to half-mast out
of respect to the memory of the deceased.
On the night of the accident the injuries
sustained by the deceased turfman were
.not ¦• supposed to be of. a serious nature.
There was a fracture of one leg below
the ¦ knee, 'and it appears -now that* Mr.
Milroy suffered also from concussion, of
the brain and the operation of trepanning
wa6 resorted to. The Injured man- having
expressed a desire to be moved to his own
residence, at 2707 Jackson street, the hos
pital surgeons were engaged at noon yes
terday In placing the broken limb in a
plaster cast. Mr. Milroy had been propped
up with pillows, and suddenly, without
FLINT LAUNCHES
HIS CANDIDACY
V. Special Dispatch to The Call. '
\ ALTURAS, Feb. 18.— John E. Raker is
' demonstrating that he can "go a route"
oratorically. . Throughout; all of to-day
and during .this evening's session of court
he continued his closing argument on- be
half of James W. ; Brown, the alleged
Lookout lyncher." At times the fiery law
yer could not control his tongue and he
was frequently called to order by •; the
court for launching upon violent denun
ciations of the prosecution and certain
of its witnesses. During one ' of these
"spells'* Raker, used the. word "."damn,"
which bo shocked the court' that the at
torney was fined $10, with the alternative
of spending | two days in Jail at the ex
piration, of the trial of Brown.- Raker had
not concluded when to-night's session was
adjourned, and as he has given no visible
signs of exhaustion there Is no telling
at this time how much, longer the trial
will last. In opening Raker said: .-
If the . court please, and you, r gentlemen of
th« jury, there are a great many things in this
case I desire to bring to your notice and I will
endeavor to present them as concisely as pos
sible. I will try to sift kernels of wheat from
the chaff. I don't intend to abuse or malign
anybody, nor, bo far as I am concerned, to be
little any witness who has testified before you,
but I do intend to present the evidence of those
witnesses and let that evidence speak to you
whether or not they have told what were facts,
or whether they told what they did for a will
ful deliberate, premeditated purpose. 1 will
trust to the honest, candid Judgment of you
twelve men to determine whether the testimony
is true cr false. I am going to ask you, gentle
men. ¦ what you think of ¦ the open-handedness
of tie prosecution in • this case, whether the
prosecution has ¦ been conducted as it should
have been by the Attorney General. I will
ask you whether you believe that the prosecu
tion has been open-handed and fair as it should
have beenTwhen every attempt was made to ex
clude the evidence offered by "the defendant. Is
that the way the great State of California
wants the case prosecuted, by one side. only?
Shots at the Prosecution.
Raker said that the improbability of
Agnss Wilson's story and her contradic
tory statements would crush her testi
mony by its own weight. He claimed the
witness had been supplied by Post with
a typewritten copy of what she was to
testify to. Raker asserted that the girl
had been influenced to testify falsely. .
The speaker reviewed the testimony of
fourteen citizens of Modoc to show that
Robert Courtwright'B reputation was bad,
and pointed out that the prosecution
could produce but three .witnesses to say
It was good. Said he:
A masked man on the highway Is a gentle
man beside a. "iq" like Courfwrlgrht, ¦ •who
iwears to God to tell the truth and then gives
evidence that places an innocent man in a
prison cell for a reward.
Raker discussed the statements of Lai e
Harris, .to the effect that on the after
noon of May 27 he saw Robert Leventon;
Richard Kichols.and" James ~WV Brown* In
the office of Leventon's blacksmith shop
and heard them discussing the lynching.
Harris had said he saw them through the
office window and overheard the conver
sation. Raker asked how it was possible
for Harris, who was under average
height, ! to see through a window which
-was moite than' eight feet above the
ground. Raker declared Harris . was un
der the influence of friends of the prose
j cution and had been "educated" as to his
testimony. - r : ;^^
Baker Earns a Fine.
Raker reviewed the testimony of many
other witnesses of the prosecution and
carefully analyzed each bit of evidence.
He analyzed the evidence of Charles Lam
bert and Myron Ayres, who testified re
garding the inquest held over the bodies
of the lynched men. They had declared
that It was common talk in Lookout that
the Inquest vras a farcical proceeding, and
quoted James W. Brown as having said
that he knew the prisoners were to be
lynched, and that the lynchers came to
the hotel earlier than he (Brown) had ex
pected. Referring to the cross-examina
tion of Myron Ayres, in • which Ayres
made several contradictory ¦ statements.
Raker said:
The court will instruct you under the law
that you should view the declaration • of such
a witness with distrust; his whole : testimony
should be viewed with distrust. ... -
Post interrupted Raker, saying that
there was no such provision in the law.
The Court — Mr. Raker has no authority to
say what the court's Instructions to the Jury
will be. There is no law which says the
whole testimony of a witness shall be viewed
with distrust and the court will not so in
struct in . the . case. :
Spencer — Don't argue the matter, John.-,
Raker — Damn it, I don't care what any one
says. I know what the law is. . - •
The Court — Mr. Raker, you are fined $10 or
you wiil go to Jail for two days at the end of
this trial for using profane language in your
argument. ¦
Spencer — That was a small thing to fine a
man for. '.-.-¦' . » .
Raker — Heycan't more than" quarter me and
pull me to pieces. Every time I open my
mouth I am chucked into Jail and fined.
- The Court — If you have no more decency and
manliness than to use cuss words in an argu
ment I will send you to Jail, come weal, come
woe.
Preliminary to taking up ;the testimony
of Claude Morris and John Hutton, the
men who confessed to participation In the
lynching and who implicated the men
now in jail here awaiting trial. Raker
said:
The prosecution is worse off with the Hutton
and Uorris confessions than they were .when
they closed their circumstantial case. A con
fession is no good unless corroborated by other
evidence and these confessions are contradicted
by witnesses for the prosecution.
One Evidence of Innocence. '
Th"e claim has been made that - on the
night John ' Hutton made his confession
at Stewart Hall the place was surrounded
by armed men' who threatened to . raid the
building to prevent Hutton making his
statement to the presocution, news of the
proposed confession having traveled fast
through the town. Of this Raker said:
There were forty opportunities to ehoot them
had any one wanted to. A bullet could' have
been sent through their reeking, rotten brain*
as they stood at the windows - In their •¦ glass
house of iniquity—^.hat house - of : h (as
Raker calls the Grand Central Hotel,. where the
prosecution has Its headquarters) — to . prevent
them from testifying In this case had any one
wanted to. If Jim Brown and the Other men
in Jail were guilty and knew Hutton and Mortis
knew anything against ' them, . why: did not
Brown get them out of the way forever? If
men will commit the awful' crime of 'taking the
life of old man Calvin Hall of 75 years, who has
gone through the civil war, and swing him' into
eternity, would they not have sent a bullet
through .. the heads of . Morris and Hutton . if
they knew anything against him- to save hia
own life and that of his friends?
Raker made reference to a' Texas case
to show that Brown would have been jus
tified" in killing Hutton and Morris to
save his own life and keep his home from
being ruined by such testimony as theirs.
Raker then took up the statement of
Claude Morris that" he had made in his
confession freely and voluntarily, and In
quired If it was common, sense that he
would come to Alturas to make such a
statement voluntarily and .be met < three
miles out of town by armed friends of the
prosecution and escorted to the headquar
ters of the prosecution throtwh a. v back
B.treet. Addressing the jury ., Raker said,
referring to Morris: . . '
There is no doubt in the world but that that
boy had nothing more to do with that lynching
than I had; he had no more to do with It than
Judge Harris or I had., Tha story of his belnr
In that mob, from hla own and Hutton' ¦ te«u-
One Slip of the Tongue Costs Him
Ten Dollars or the Alternative; -,
of Two Days in
Jail.
Consumes the Entire Day
and Night Sessions of
the Court. ,
GEBMANTOWN, Feb. 18.— August
Hasch, a young man employed by Hoch
heimer & Co. of this place, was stabbed
to death last night. Suspicion points to a
vagrant named John Wallace as the mur
derer, and all day long posses have been
searching the country in every direction
In the hope of effecting his capture. Late
to-night it was rumored here that Wal
lace had been captured by a blacksmitn
In Kirkwood and that Deputy Sheriff Z.
T. Cowart was taking him to V/illowo.
This report has not been verified.
G. A. Gutman and A. D. -Piper, mer
chants, were going home last night, when
they heard groans proceeding from- a
cross street. They went to investigate
and found Hasch lying face downward
and in the last throes of death. Help was
summoned and he was conveyed to his
home, where it was found that the left
femoral artery had been severed, while
two suijeriicial cuts appeared on the neck
and over the heart. Hasch died within a
few minutes.
A careful search showed blood stains
on the ground, extending from the gate
in the rear of Hasch's home to the point
where the body was found, a distance of
ninety yards. Hasch evidently had been
stabbed at his own back gate.
Coroner Franey and District Attorney
Ix>r>g were summoned and an inquest was
held Immediately. The verdict of the jury
was that Hasch had come to his death
by a knife wound inflicted by a person
urknown.
-•Jack" "Wallace has been in this sectlcp
before and knew some of the working
men. He owed Hasch a small sum of
money, and the tvro were seen together
lsst evening. Just after tapper Hasch
hesrd a noise in his barn and went out to
learn the cause. That was the last time
he was seen until he was found dying on
the street. As Wallace could not be
found, the general belief was that he
vas the culprit, and posses were out all
HSgfct and to-day in search of him.
Found Dying.
Goes to Investigate Noise in
"His Barn and Later is
Alturas Attorney Con-:
tinues His Plea for
"Jim" -Brown.
mantown Is Stabbed
to Death.
August Hasch of Ger-
NO LIMIT
TO RAKER'S
ELOQUENCE
POSSES SEARCH
FOR MURDERER
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY, IEMUAEY 19, 1902.
R. B. Milroy, the California Jgckey^lub'
Official Injured While Trying taB^ard
a Gable Gar; Dies at ]St:; Luke's^ Hospitaf
ACCIDENT TO HORSEM AN
RE SU LTS I N H IS DEATH,
OCEAN TS-AVUL.
fefe^NOME
tiBil SAILINGS.
VgAViBwt-*^'' THE FIRST : CLASS '
\\ S.S. PORTLAND
\u ' WILL. SAIL FOR
3>T OME
Leavlns Saa Francisco... April 19th
Leaving Seattle.... "...ADrfl 26th
For Freight and Passage Apply to '
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL GO.,
645 Market St., San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION. CO.. Puget
Sound Asrent; Seattle, Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE -WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Kongkons with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day o*
calling. ¦
SSi NIPPON MARU. .'.
¦-.'••.¦ Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
S3. AMERICA MARU T 17..
— ....-Trtday. March 21st. 1903
BS. HONGKONG MAW ." .;.
1 ...:.r.. ........ .Tuesday, April 15th, 1903
Round-trip . tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner Flrstyi
¦ • ¦•¦ W. H. AVERT, general Agent.
COMPAGNIB SBNIKAL'S TRAHSATLAHTIQTIJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -j-. *
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from pier iX •2£a££±m
.North River, foot of Morton street.
. First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
clans to Havre. $45 - and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 and CANA-
DA. . 82 Broadway (Hudson ¦ buildins). New
York. J. F.FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coajt
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIV2R STPATvpEBS.
FoFuTsTnAVY YAB3. AND^ YALLEJ3
Etflamsn GSN. FRISBI8 or MONTICSLLO
,' 8:45 a. m.. S:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day. Sunday, ¦ 8 :45 a. m., 8:SO p. m. Leaves
Vallejo T a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* S9
'cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing aa<S
office, pier 2. Uls»lon-itreet dock. HATCH
BROS. .. .-¦
=^^ = — — — —^^ :^^~^~~ =^
||J^5SS? INJECTION. I
I, A PERMANENT CURE f
> 'of the most obs t inate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
? and Gleet, eaaraateed in from 3 to . 6 C
2 days; no other treatment required. ' 5
% irf '-':-: =¦¦ Sold by all druggists. 1 , ' • --¦ 5-
@£b WONG WOO,
UT CHINESE ;TEA AND HERB
Ig7 , SANITARIUM.
"wf^Sb 764 ' 66 claySti> s< F>i Cl1 '
5^ffi^f Mv A LL DISEASES CUREO
¦. fmWWbJW*; *\ exchuively by Chines*
'herbs, over 3000 varieties be Ins used. Hour*
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1' to 3 and 7. to 9 p. m.
«•' — Big O Is t> non-poisoaoT<«
remedy for Gonorrhoea ,
£}??*• Spermatorrhoea,
JB&Sr CURES \S3 VThites, unnatural dis-
SS£j la 1 1* & ixj*. Tg charges, or any inflamma.-
BfuW Ooar»nteed \* *" tion, irritatioa or ulcers-
fri H Pnreat «oau«ion ' *^ on °' mucous mem-
EarHEEVANSCHEV,XALC0. 1l ?2Z£g£'
.WLowcmH»Tw.m or 8ent Jn T p!a!n !^: r ,
jttrajk u. 8. A. by expreis, prepaid, for
I 1 - 00 * or 3 Wttlsa, 12.75. .
/S^B&SgSKvpft & Circular iiaS oa re^UMt.
> r -—/ .. .
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' JL '•> Steamers leave Broadway
BBfcjs, f?ha.rt, San Francisco: .'
e^SsSvLv For Ketchlkan, Juneaa.
E v >iS^^»k. Ekagway, etc. Alaska— 11 a.
: 8^y^a>^ March 2. Chance to com.
I Bw!»^i«fcSi pany's steamers at Seattle.
i For Victoria, Vancouver.
*£ Port Townsend. Seattle, Taco-
i ' r 5-T^t* ma, Everett. New Wbatcom —
II a m Fe6" 5. 10, 15. 20, 25, March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer3
for -iSirti. and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle, or Ta-
coma to N. P. By.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
¦Fcb.-l.-6. ,11. 16. 21. 26. March 3.
For San Diego.- stopping only at SanU Bar-
bara Port Los Anseles and^Redondo (Los An.
geles)— Steamer ' Spokane. Sundays 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. a. m.
For Ix)s Angeles.' calling at Santa Cnia. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cajrueos, Port Harrord (San
Luis Obl.«po) Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
neme. Kast San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonlta only). " ' _ ,. ¦ -'
• ! Bonlta 9 a.m.. Feb. 3. 11. 19. 27. March 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. in.', Feb. 7. 15. 23. Tiarch 3.
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose de!
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. SanU Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mez.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. •¦¦¦•. <
TICKET OFFTCE— * New - Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -. *
GOODALL,. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
.;; ¦-., 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Off & W« GO.
. Only Steamship Xiizxe to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shor* Rail Line frr>m Porttaad to all
.-. points i East. Throufth Ticket* to all
poin*^. ?»" ?••»*' n - nnd rail, at
: IiOTVTBST R-A.'XVBS.
ST2AHEB TICKETS INCLUDE BEST fl tad MBAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.......
Feb. 12. 22: Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. -W. ELDER Sails. .'. .
, Feb. 17. 27: Mar. 9. 19. 29
Steamer nails from • foot of Spear st. 11 : a. m.
D..W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg*y. S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And' GiaSud Americana dsYapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. oler 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA..Feb. ¦¦ 18r SANTIAGO . . '¦ —
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEL... : — —
. These steamers . are built expressly ' for Cen-
tral and South 'American . passenger . service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. -316 California street."
:• BALFOUR. GUTHRIE &;CO.. Gen. Agents.
;T0 NEW TORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
• ' /"^ Cabin, $105: Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S/Ar&yll .sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S. S. Leelanaw . sails Monday, Mar. 24
S.S: Arfiyll- .sails Tuesday.' April 29
From Howard-street wharf at' 2 p/m. .
Freigrht ¦ and - Passenger Office. 330 - Market st.
, - F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast , A«ent.
SS. ¦ AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti . '. ............
. .• .".' :....'.. ....Friday, .Feb.. 21.- 2 -p. m.-
SS. ¦ SONOMA.' for. Honolulu. . Samoa. Auck-
land anct Sydney.-.Thura.. Feb.' 27,- 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA.- for Honolulu. ."... .........
¦: ..:....-. .....Saturday, March 8, '02. 2 p. m.
J. D.SPHECXELS k BROS. CO., iami Agents, 327 Marfc^St
Een"l Pasnogsr CUSca, 643 Hirkst St., Pier lo. 1. PaciSs St
AMERICAN -LINE/'."
: NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON. '
St'Louis.Feb. 26,10am;St.:Paul.' Mar. 12,10am
" Phlladel.; Mar. 5, 10am | St. ' Louis,. Mar.19.10am
L RiiLJ -:4»TA«>L"INE
' NEWi YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS. •
Frlesland, -' Feb.20,nooniVaderland. Mar. 12, noon
Southwark, : Mar.6,noon!Kens'gton.*Mar.l9,noon'
.- ,- INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. -
CHAS. D." TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery sL
. Zbii way Ealv*-ee* cure» Plleg,
* A A A kkkkkkkk kk kk * ***** ******** kkkk kk\***kkk kkkk****
¦¥¦ " JL - ; •Sfa^^r - YY .'-. ; :• JL %f ' i&K/ ¦ ' JdLmr^ \J JL JtJ*^m'& ' *
¦£ ¦ ¦_¦ ¦ ¦"¦ .•¦-¦¦...;.-/;: , .- ¦'¦- ;:w- ; . -.;. ¦ - ¦>
¦^ ; ; > ;A FARCE IN ONE ACT.; J
, t . Time: The Present. : r Place: San Francisco. J
¦¥¦ . '- ¦¦¦'¦¦:¦¦.< ¦¦¦¦¦ Scene: A Piano^ Store.' , . : . jf
£ MR. KEEN— Good morning; Mr. Quill. I have sent for you to say that you *
must give a diversified argument on that new Hades Fiano we have addei to our J
-ft 'line. ¦ Personally, I know nothing about pianos and as you know about as much, jf
¦fc you wiU have to study the catalogues pretty carefully and ' boom" it up.' . . . 3*.
i 'v , MR. QUILL— Certainly. But I 'presume the price will boom it more than \. J
\* . anything I can say,- ' // "; .. ¦ .. ..' J
¦i , MR. KEEN — fes,~we certainly have named a close price on it; it only allows *-
X us one hundred and thirty -eight percent profitr ¦ We cdn'taf'.ord to buy many *
X business blocks on such a smaff margin* as that: 'Ha! ':' Ha! , Quite a good joke, J
-t isn't it? '.; How easyjmost people are. But don't {dwell too much on. the > price; ':'¦%.
'¦« read the cataiogues and boom it up; , boom it up! Tel/K'em*. that Ahe- sounding- *
¦. J board ia as good as any,' and give 'em an abstrusa talk that nobody understands; J
l t not even ourselves: '"¦_'¦^ . ' ¦ ¦'-. . .- '¦¦'','¦- J
-k MR. QUILL— Very well, your instructions wi/l be obeyed to the leitef and}*
* the Hades Piano will 'be sprung oh the public in tsucha manner HhatninB-teniht. i*
"k of ihem will believe it is the only thing that ever' happened in > the piano world. 1 J
¦X Good morning! I: (Exit Mr.t Quill.) '\ . J
£ MR. KEEN ' (sotto voce) smiling softly, to himself— When it comes to elevat- J
¦^ ing the piano business we know how to keep the price end up. "(Curtain ) ' ;J
* c (¦'".- -h : : ¦ , ¦. ¦ . ,- ;..•-.', -'.,¦'."' . • "'.'.. v ':/''"' ,'''-..¦":. ': ••.
~.\ We merely; give the 'above to show what the public has to contend ' J
;^c withini purchasing "pianos that have '^nothing to recommend- them .-ex- J
¦ J cept -a i slick argument/ but ,:X : V': "N <;..".'• - '..."• . .'.j*.
I The New Scale Kimball ;
* Piano represents the highest possible attainment' in the art^Vof • piano J
5 .building. 'Note, the jfollowingircport' of" the Co"ni"mittee of Judges of i
'* 'the World's' Fair; Exposition' at '•Chicago:". } ' , : ""' - J
J , ; I.-— The tone, quality is full; round, sympathetic and musical. V J
£ n.-— The .duration and' singing quality •9fthe:torieisVemarkable. J
* -III. — Thescaleis.'free and' even;from breaks. ' ¦ : ?
* IV.-TyTheyactioriis'nrst^classun^everyresp^ ("- v*
* V.-^The touch'Ms easy; "elastic and'prompt to respond, admitting of J
+ ' the most .rapid; repetitions^ -;.^ ; . > ¦¦¦'¦[. X;, ! _ .-X-
1[ • VI.— Materials ; and -workmanship give evidence ; of " extreme care . in] •. j
. ; their selection and;worknians|iip,; and .are fall "of ; the" highest \ of"
*¦ • ¦ : r- class. : ;,The 'designs of the ! i c'fs_es:areybfjgryat''Vrtistic:'excelTehce^; : *.
T- and are finished •; in, the ;most- perfect; manner. .' '.-. j
-c >We sellitfoj cash or on easy, monthly payments. ' How • easy? *
¦'...Cqme and see or; write us. -. " . : - . .\ . . Jf
I Pttmmer = Eilers Music Co., |
'I 653 MarketJStreet, -SEST™- : -l
i ¦ ¦'¦"'. : \ STORE OPEN EVENINGS. .' J
% » ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥J¥ ¥ V ¥ ¥ ¥ V ¥ V ¥ V ¥ Y ¥ V^yV Y Y V Y, V V Y Y Y.Y V V V ¥ V ¥ V Y V V V V ¥>V V *
- - v'vDB. ZILMEE'S ST7AMP-EOOT.
f lip AND
BLADDER TROUBLE
Had to Pass Water Very Often Day and Night.
Cured by the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp Root.
DR., KILMER & CO., Binghamton, N. T. .,-!, . '.
About two years ago I had a very severe case of kidney and bladder trouble.
The pain in the small of my back was so severe that I could not stand it to stay in
one position more than a moment or two, ¦ and was obliged to pass water very
often>f5.y and night. I tried medicines and doctors without getting relief. Noticing
• an advertisement in the Topeka. State Journal of Swamp-Root, I determined to
,' give it a trial, and bought a bottle. By the time I had finished the first bottle the
pain had entirely disappeared from my back. The pain and frequent desire to
pass water ceased. However, I continued : to take the medicine, using about six
' bottles in all. That was over a year ago, and I have had no return of the trouble
(A. H. Nooney.) VV ' _/ / A S*\
Chief. Engineer. State' \f I 7\ /~~ /\t
Capitol Buildins, _ /Tr /////I /7— *7>— \ >* /9 *
Topeka Kans. CfSj./V^ 0 LrUylJL't^t .
Jan." 2nd, 1902 -;' ':-. ". r :\ , -
. ¦ "Weak and unhealthy kidneys axe responsible • for more sickness and '. suffering
trian any other disease, therefore when through neglect or other causes kidney
trouble is permitted to continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
- We. often see a relative, a friend or an acquaintance apparently well, but in a
few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble— Bright's Disease.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for its
. wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince any one^ — and
you may haye.a sample bottle sent free by mail. - .... ; •
Sample Bottle of Swamp Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— Swamp-Root : has been tested in so many ways, and has"
proven so successful in every case, that a special arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The, Call who have not already tried it may have a sample-
bottle sent absolutely free by malL Also a book telling all- about Swamp- Root,:
: and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women who owe their good-health, In fact, -their very- lives,
..to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and men-
tion reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Dally Call when sending
your address to Dr. Kilmer &. Co.; Binghamton, N. T. ,« . ¦•-i.-i
••'If you are already convinced that -Swamp-Root is what you need you can pur-
• chase the -regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere. Don't
make any mtstake.-but remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer" s Swamc-
Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FEIEDjNiflHS
Indirectly Caused th3 Death of
the World's Greatest General.
It is a matter of history that Napoleon was
e gourmand, an inordinate lover of the pood
things of the table, and history further records
that his favorite dish was fried onions; his
death from cancer of stomach, it is claimed
elso, was probably caused from his excessive .
indulgence of this fondness for the odorous '
vegetable.
The onion is undoubtedly a wholesome article
cf food, in fact has many medicinal qualities of
value, but it would be difficult to find a more
Irfiig-estlble article than frie»- onions, and to
nar-j- pecpl* they are simply poi6oa, . but the
cnion does r.ot stand alone in this respect. Any
trt:c> of food that is not thoroughly digested
becomes a source of disease and discomfort,
¦whether it be fried onions or beefsteak.
reason why any wholesome food Is not
promptly digested is because the stomach lacks
6om«» important element 'of digestion. Some
Etomachs lack peptcne. others are deficient ia
gastric juice, et:Il others lack hydrochloric acid.
The one thing -necessary to do in any case of
I^oor cig-estion is to supply those elements of
<3igerticn which th« stomach lacks, and nothing
do?-s this so thoroughly and safely as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Dr. Richarfiscn, in writing a thesis on .treat-
ment cf dyspepsia and Indigestion, closes his
rt=msrke by saj'ing: "For those suffering from
a c'd dyspepsia, shown by pour, watery risings,
or fcr flatulent dyspepsia. «?bov. r n by gas on the
Eicmach. causing- heart trouble and difficult
b:-eathlng. as well as for all other. forms of.
stomach trouble, the safest treatment is to
take cr.e or two of Stu2rt'e Dyspepsia Tablets
aftrr each meal, l^advise them because they
cor.tain no harmful drugs, but . are I composed
cf valuable digestives, which ect promptly upon
the food eaten. I never knew a case of indl-
frettion cr even chronic dyspepsia which
Stuart's Tablets would not reach."' '
(Jhean cathartic medicines claiming to cure
dyspepsia 1 and Indigestion can have no effect
Whatever in actively digesting the food, and
to call any cathartic medicine a cure for indl- '
ge»tion is a mlsr.omer.
E\-ery druggist in the United States and
Canada sells Stuart's Dyspepsia Tableta, and
they are not only the naf »st and ¦ most suc-
. cessful. bat the most scientific of any treatment
Ict indigestion and stcmach troubles.
:~T~- '¦ ; — — i 1
Missouri PaclfiG Limited.
The Finest Service, to the
Ea§t via Scenic Route and-
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago, New York, Boston «*"1 all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
, information address
I*. M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Acent,
126 California et.. San Francisco. Cal.
>^^ VIM. VIGOR, VlTALITYior MEN
i^f^xyL. MORMON* BISHOP'S PILLS
'¦ tffikMs* b£4 have been In use over fifty
• t^tz^-f-^A years by the leaders of the
&•&*£ — •OT'VS ilormon Church and . their
(™fS5i^ follower*. Positively cure the
' P^Kri^-'SSa ' worEt case* in old and' young
wfi tQXV f*~2 arising from effects of self-
¦ V «*ii h'!'- >•/ abuse, dissipation, excesses or
\2alai'3'<*5'* cigarette-smoking. ? Cure Loet
Manhood, Impotemcy, Lost
«32*ia7 Power. Night Losses. • Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back.
ycervous. Debility. Headache, Unfltnees to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, « =>, Varicooele or Con-
etipation. Stop Ner *~ft €K \-ou« Twltchlngof
JEyelidR, Effects are i^jJtrL immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»«jwt« ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't pet despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 E11U St..
6an Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., S8
end 40 Third street. . .',
RRHWM f Q BRONCHIAL
DflUfWfl O TROCHES
s -J^ 17 X?***. cf «n«eera prove these
trocnes tne simplest and best remedy
lor Cough*. Hoarseness, Bronchial
and Tinng Troubles.
r ¦ In boxo9— never mold In balk.
K ¦ • * - - - .THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND BACETItA'CK— Tuesday, Feb. 18.— Weather fine.- Track heavy.
331T. FIRST RACE: — 5% furlongs; selling; three-year-old colts and geldings; to flrst.'< $325. '
¦.:•¦'." ' -'¦• '.- ¦.• •¦¦'' •••:¦ T~ . .-•-: .- ¦.-.¦¦¦ •¦ -. ¦¦-. •'¦•¦¦• ;••••¦. ' :¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦.< ¦¦ ¦¦•. • Betting:.: .
Index Horse and j Weight. St. %. &. fctr. ; Fin, Owner and Jockey." Op. Cl.
3310- The Weaver.... ..117 12 %' 2 1 2 1% 1 h H. I. Wilson.... Bullman 2-5 1-3
3305 Bassenzo 114 2 12 1 % 1 % 2 12 C. J. Foy.. ...... J. Daly .: 3 0-2
S29« Senator Bruce.. ..117 5 3 1 3 4 3 4 ,3 6 J. I* Clayton. :.B. Jones 10 12
3206 Sir Claus.... 114 4 ;4 1% 5 4 n 4 1 A' B. Spreckels.-Macklin .30 75
3101 Discovery 117 3 5 4n S 5 L. • McCreery. .... Jackson 30 - 60
Time— M. 1 :26%; #, :53%; 5^f.l:13. Good start.«Won first three driving. Winner. H.I.
tWilson's b. c.: by Goldfinch-Red Spinner. Bullman on winner was all out^ but did not.
• draw^hiawhip. Bassenzo a clever mudder.^ jDthersJ outfobted. _: J_ __
331S.;» SECOND RACE — Seven- furlongs; selling; .four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.' •..
• . ¦• - : .• ¦ , • :, - ~ ' . , I ~ — — — — - — 1 — — Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Welght'St. %. Vi. . Str. .Fin. Owner and Jockey. .Op. . Cl..
3293 * Buck Taylor", 6... 110 5 6 h 2 2 1 n 1 2 J. C. Nealon.... Bullman 5-2 18-5
3207 El Rey. 4..... '...104 3 11 1^2526 P. C. Donalechc.Ransch 8-5 5-2
3232 Alturas, 6........ 107 2 3n 41 3 10 3 12 Smith & Davidson-.Trxlr 4 11-2
3302 George Dewey. 4..104 16 2 7 %-'4-^ 4 1 Miss F. Reed. .\. McGinn 15 30
3215 Chappie, a 107 6 4n 3b 5 15 2: I. Morehouse ....See 5 6
3240 iTing-a-LLng. 5. ..107 7 7h 6 ¦& 61 6h. C. \V. Chappell ... Stuart 6 5
3300 Intrada. 4.... 102 8 8 8 7 3 7 5 E. I. Wheeler. .....Dyer 10 30
32»8 (Satan,, 5.... ......107 4 215^8' 8 Mrs. W. M. Balrd..Faunt 20., 25
Time— %, :20%; :53i£; %, 1:21; %.' 1:35%. Good start. Won first three driving..Win
. ner, J. C. Nealon's ch. g. by El Rio.Rey-Nellie Post. Buck was supposed to be lame, but
lie always had the measure of -JEl_Rey._ 1^ 1^'^ j°_ PPffi: _ •_ _
K31O. .: THIRD RACE; — Five and a half furlongs;, selling; 3-year-oldg and up; to first. $325.
¦-. -.¦ ~ -- ¦• ¦ . ¦:¦ : ~~~- •-¦.,• ¦¦ i " •'¦¦ v ¦' ¦-¦.¦•¦'¦ ~ Betting.
Index Horsej Age. Weight. St. %..%• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3161 Kllldoe, 3... .OS 3 12 14 1 3 1 3 B. Schreiber.... Jackson 3-5 1-2
32S1 El Karn, 4.......110 1 2 4 2'2 2 3 2 3 \V. H. Grisslm.. Bullman ,3 5
3265 Courtier, 4. "....;.. 109 6 65-41 3 3 2 J...M. Crane .Troxler - 6 15
3277 Rasp. 4. ..>,... ....109 1 : 5 2 - -6 1 4 5 4 6 P. Howley. ... .Wlnslette 8 15
3301 Casdale. 6 113 4 41 6 5 5 2 5 3 Hamilton & Co...... See 5 13
3275^ Graylette, 4 109 "5 7% 7 10 6^ 6 5 E. A. Chappell.. Watrbry 10 40
8108 Spry Lark; a. .'...Ill 2 3 5 3 2 7 10 7 10 M. Quinn ....... Ransch '10 25.
3143 Idalette, 5.. '..-.... 114 8 8 8 8 8 J. ,C. Nealo.»u ...... Conley 50 100
Time — V*, :26V4: %. :54%; 5%f, 1:14 V4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing... Winner, B. Schreiber's b. g. by Foul Snot-Dulcle Larondie. Killdoe had the speed.
\ El Karn ran to form. Rasp could have been closer up with a strong ride. Others no ac
\count. Scratched— Breton 101. _ • _ _ 1 _
WM. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and. up; to first, $325.
* ¦ i~~^ ~ ~ - ~ ~^~ • ¦•¦ -.: . I Betting.
Index Horse. -Age. Weight. St . %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. . Cl.
3237 Redwald, 5l. .V...107 32%2nln 11 Jennings & Co. O'Connor " 2 - 8-5
3315 February, a 106 4 4 Mt' 42 -3 122 J. S. Gibson .... Howsoti 20" 2U
32S4 John Peters, 3. ..104 1 1 2ft X 2 2 1 3 Vt ' 3. F. Schorr. ..J. Woods 8-5 8-5
(3184) Pomplno, a ...V.107 2 3 2 3 1% 4 3 4 1. S. Judge ..;..-.. .....See ! 2 16-5
(3277) Castake.'a 107 5 5 5 5 5 O. W. Boesecke..Birkrth V2 15
Time— Y*. :28: %, :52%; %, 1:21%: 6Wf.' 1:28^. Good start. Won easily. • Second and
third driving-.- Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch.- g. by Tenny-Redworth Rose. Win
ner perfectly ridden. O'Connor picking the best footing. -¦ Howson on February saved ground
by short turninto stretch. John Peters couldn'trglve away : the weight. . Probably, It was ,
not sloppy enough for Pompino, although this is only a conjecture. .Scratched — Fonsovan-
pah 107. \.*^/. :'~^i^^^^^J^Ji^^^^^z^_^^^ '^' :,-..'¦'.-.
3321. FIFTH RACE — i% miles; selling: four-year : bld8; and up; 'to first; $325. " • "
! rn - •-;.- ••¦.¦¦ . ¦„:. ; ." '. : ~ '¦ Betting.
Index Horse. Are," Weight. St. M- \<x- Str.. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S308 The Fretter, 6... 114 4 43" 4 10 2 3 In F. J.- O'Rourke.O'Connor 8-5
'3307 Wolhurst, a .\.;".lll -2 2h 1 % In. 2 10 J. McMlchael ..Jackson .2 11-5
33tt3 Formero. 6 ....:: Ill 3 In 2 Vj 3 4. 3 10 J. Hackett....-.J. Woods 3 3
3313 Marcato, a ......111 1 3 2-3 1 4 100 4 100 Burns & Watrhs.BulImn 5 " 9-2
3303 Sam Green. 5. ...106 5 5 5- 5 5. • Frank Duffy..:. Webster 100 : 400
Time — Y*. :26%; %, :54%; %. 1:22; m,'l:51; l%m, 2:05. Good start. Won first three driv
ing.- Winner, F. J. O'Rourke's ch. : h." by Brutus-Nerva. The- Fretter had* the race won a
furlong from home, but O'Connor .was brought to a drive by a foxy play of Jackson, who
nearly stole the purse. Marcata couldn't get up. Formero quit the last part.
3322. SIXTH' RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
•¦ . ¦.. ¦ .'•"-• i- ¦ -' '¦'.-¦¦ *••"¦:.' ' ¦ ' : ' . ¦'•'.-".¦ Betting.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St: V*.- Vi- Str.' Fin.. > Owner 1 and Jockey. : Op. ,C1.
-3298*LodesUr a ......104 1 2h 5 5 12 13 , O'Keele & Co..Birkruth :5 7
3208 Hungarian, 6 ....106'5' 4n 4n 2^23 G. W. Miller.... Howson 4? 6
3313 Quiz, II; 4. :..."..". 106 3 5 % 1 h 3 % 3^ J. M. Crane.... '¦. Jackson 3 4
aS03 Flamero, 6 ......109 2 In 21 4 3 4 6 D. Cameron.. . .O'Connor 6-5 11-10
3300 Rushflelds, 105 4 ' 6n (> % 5 4 5 5 C. O. Ray.. . ....Troxler 5 6
3314 The Gaffer, 4. ...Ill 7 7 3 -7 5 6 10 6 10 J. H. Simpson. .A. Kelly 30 100
3313 Ned Dennis '5... .109 6 3h. 3 Yi 7,75 7 100 Piedmont Stable. Wlnslet -15 60
2296 Zurich. 6 ..' ..104 8 8 ; 8 8 8 D. Holliday. . . .H. Smith 100 400
Time— Vi. :26; W, :52%; •%., l:20# : %, 1:35. Good start. Won' easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, D. O'Keefe & Co.'s ch. g. by Midlothian- Starlight. Lodestar received a
- different ride this day. : Howson on Hungarian lost no ground. ¦• Quiz tired. Flamero
-backed up in the stretch. Scratched— Loyal S 106, .William F 104.
: Attorney T. J. Roche, to : whom H. E.
Highton's claims ! for ; $8755 60 for services
rendered in behalf of E. J. Baldwin in the
famous "Ashley case were assigned, lost
his suit", to recover the amount of the bill
by ¦; a -Supreme; Court decision rendered
yesterday. Roche won in the lower court,
butv-the -'judgment is '; reversed ¦ on the
ground that; the: trial Judge's charge to
the,-jury,was' illegal. ,; .
) E. J. Baldwin Wins Suit.
Norris Defeats Sigourney.
NEW. YORK," Feb. 18.— The amateur bil
liard class A championship- of the A. A.
U. ' tournament,- whleh . has ? been in
progress during the last two weeks at the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club, was won
last night . by Charles - : S. Norris of the
K. A. C, who was formerly champion of
the Chicago Athletic Association. , His
opponent was Wilson, H. ¦ Slgourney of
San Francisco, the champion, of the Pa
cific Coast.- and while the; game was a
lengthy one it ;never •¦ lacked ; Interest
from start to , finish. At one time the
Californian was nearly a hundred ;pomts
behind, but he closed the 'game, with
some wonderful all around billiards,' and
at the finish was beaten by only twenty
three noints Norris played a splendid
'game.- and hl» nu?sing at times was equal
to thi best , exhibitions ever given_ in this
vicinity by professionals. The score .
¦HHN
o; 4 0?' 2, B.' 1. 5.' t^-'X^lO 0 » " 1
mmmmm
lii r 2, 6—377; average, 4 65-78. . ,- . -,.'.;.;, ;
The second annual game of baseball be
tween nines representing the Builders', As
sociation and the Builders*. Exchange will
be played on Washington's birthday. The
teams will meet on the Sixteenth and Fol
som streets grounds at 2 p. m. The affair
will be In charge of the following com
mittee: 5 J.'D. Hannah (chairman), F. C.
Curry, F. E. Lawson, J. A. Dunker (sec
retary), F.X. Loughery, J. M. McCar
thy, M. Fennell, L. A. Taylor (treasurer),'
L: A. Larsen (official scorer), S. H. Kent
(umpire). ;The teams will line up: ; . '_ ;
'Builders'. Association. Builders* Exchange.-
Guilfoy (captain) .McCarthy (captain)
Lawson . . / Krausa
Crawford ....Fennel
Burroughs -....¦ Cartwright
Symington McGilvray
Herzog Bentley
Crawford ..................:........... strand
Kerrigan :.......... :.... .-. Grennan
Layden - .... . . V Hasklns
T. Guilfoy ) (sub) .... Walker (sub)
Builders Will Play Baseball.
Race Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. IS.— Crescent City
results: "1
• Fii'st race, six furlonea— Belle of Eitrln wr.n
Th^ialS? 8eC ° nd ' **** Coai ™ third!
¦ Second race, selling:, mile— Trebor won Tro.
eecond. Poyntz third. Time, 1 -4iu * rn *
':¦! Third ; - race, . selling:, • six f'lrlongi ni-m *- tv
Time T-l'/u" 1 * 11 ? sec ? id % Mls « Conrad^hlrd!
' Fourth ¦ race, handicap,",' mile— arant.i- vnn
Johnny McCarthy, second, AnnoTTbird. ' 'Urn.
."Fifth race., six furlongs— Sir Floi-ian won" 1 -
Death second. Ben ¦ Hullum > thtof. T?m":
1 ;i-> 73. , . • . .. . ¦..-.-¦ .-.-¦ ,_ '"!.'-''¦'
\ Sixth race, selling, six and a" half rurlon*s—
.First race— Screenwell Lake, Chapole, Cour
tier.
'Second race— Foul Play, Vaaallo. ¦ niowaho.
Third . race— Lass of Langdon, MalaspJna.
Montana Peeress. : ' .
Fourth race— Dr. Boyle,- Bard Burns Ma.
resa. '/'< '-.¦'¦¦ . . '
Fifth race— Dunblane, Merops. Galanthus.
Sixth race— Commissioner Forster. Huachu
ca; Evander. . ,
Selections for To-I>ay.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 18.— The $50,000 darnaea
suit brought by John Costello, a fourteen-year
old boy, through his father. Michael Costello.
against the Southern Pacific Company for tha
loss of a leg, is on trial before Judge Hyland
and a Jury.
Sixth race—^-Seven furlongs, selling; three
irear-olds: \ -/ ,.\ ,
(3258)Evander. .....110 (3305)Phyllls . 102
32(54 Tyranus .....104 3307 Legal Maxim'lOt
32S7 Huachuca ....113 3^04 Com. Forster 113
Fifth race^ — One inile", selling; four-year-olds
md upward : .
(3-'15)Dunblane ''.-.. .1151 3315 Galanthus 104
3315 Merops ......109 3307 Sea Lion..* "112
32S9 Master Lee... 109! 3321 Formero .... 109
Fourth race — Six furlonas, sellin*; four-year
olds and upward: • .
2871 Narra G...*. ..104 2959 John McGurk 1(«
(327fODr. Boyle.... 100 3320 Pomplno ......100
3244 Maresa ......104 (3304)Bard; Burns. ..100
Third race— Five furlongs, selling; three
year-old fillies:
3C65 Flattered ....105 3254 Mont. Peeress. 1C5
(3282)L..of Langdon.105 3296 Jungfrau ..r 105
3296 Torila 105 3258 Malaspina ...105
Second race — Six and a half furloiur*. sell
ing; three-year-olds and un ward:
3102 Illowaho ....ilOO 3300 Tufts 97
3303 P. Archibald. 112 3305 Baldo 97
3300 Vasallo .....: 97 325)7 Foul Play . . . • 110
3300 William F...M12 3i93 Fridolln - 107
31"J7 Ural .........109 3303 Sand de Lee..l0o
Winnie O'Connor rode two winners and
John Bullman, who keeps plugging along
steadily, had a like number' to his credit.
.Owing to the death of Assistant Secre
tary R, B. Milroy there will be no racing
Thursday, the day of the funeraL
Following are the entries and weights
for the $2000 Palace Hotel handicap, at
one and an eighth miles, to be decided on
Saturday next: «
Watercure ....: 124 Col. Roosevelt 100
Autollght 124 Beau Ormonde 100
Nones .......124 Diderot : 99
Argregor 117 Bangor 98
Vesuvian ....V..v. 115 Scotch Plaid 93
Joe Frey..... ...... 114 Marshall Niel ;..... fts
Red Path. ....%.... .11* Brutal .............. 98
All Gteen:... :..... .112 John McQurk....'. .. 98
Paul Clifford Ill Sea Lion..... ? 97
Janice : "...."....110 Kciarardo .; 95
Eonic .:.......... .110 Siddona ....;.. . . . . 95
The Pride..'. ..:.... 110 Forte 95'
Imp. Royal Flush ... 110 Tarro ............. 95
Ordnung 109 Edna Brown 95
Yellowtail 109 Jarretierre d'Or.,.. 92
La Goleta .108 Soi Llchtenstein... .. 90
Flying Torpedo 108 Rushflelds ,.. 90
Constellator ' .'.' 107 Landseer ......... 90
Black Dick.". .V.V.. ". 106 Antolee .....:...... 90
Favonius 10G Sir Lewis ; .. 90
Rio Shannon....... .105 Sir .Tom Tiddler 90
Greenock ...105 Frank Kinney 90
Sweet Tooth ....103 Barbara Frletchle.. 90
Icicle lO-'i Schwarzivald ..... 90
Grayfeld... ....103 J. Doherty. 90
Goldone ...........102 My Gypsy ....... 90
The Fretter. ........102 Arthur Ray 90
Plan .100 Corriente 00
Imperious ........ .100 1 Magi 90
Formero .' 100 Lady - Sterling- 90]
Andrisa ......... ...100 Picador .". .. 90 j
HacGyle .'.100 Gawaine 90 j
Obia ;...10C Frangible 90"
Arbaces ...........100
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
• First race — Five and a half furlongs, sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward:
3318 Intrada ..... .102 .... Bllllsls .... . .102
3318 Chappie .....lOS 3319 Greylette ....104
3319 Courtier .....1041 0^81 Scrnwl. Lake. 102
3319 Idalette ..,*.'-106l
Track N"otes.
The steer made his debut by leaping
over the fence into City Hall square, la
ten minutes there was not a patch ten
feet square left out of the general ruin
of the garden. Followed by a cowboy
the steer then dashed through Chinatown,
smashing several doors and windows en
route and causing consternation among:
the Celestials. When it rushed up . Pen
der street, one oS the principal business
centers, everything except the street cars
had to make way and people were run
ning In all directions. More windows
went down, and then the big animal took
to tjie residential district In the west end,
two miles away from where it first start
ed. There people were forced to duck un
der sidewalks and hastily climb over
fences to avoid being gored . to death.
Finally the steer was run down and las
soed.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. 18.— A bis
steer from a band of cattle being brought
into Vancouver from the upper country
took possession of most of the city thu
morning. For two hours the pranks of:
the animal were devoted to the tearing up
of gardens and lawns, the breaking of
several hundred dollars* worth of i plat<»
glass and the stampeding of crowds on
the business streets.
Once Proceeds to Get
Bough.
Takes Possession, of the City and at
WXLB STEER STAMPEDES
VANCOUVER PEDESTSIAUS
O'Connor also rode the winner of the
mile and a furling event, in The Fret
ter. Frank O'Rourke's useful horse had
a. slight call over Wolhurst In the ring,
and should have beaten the last named
horae two, or three lengths instead of a
neck. Down the stretch it looked an easy
victory for The Fretter and O'Connor be
gan taking matters a trifle easy. At the
paddock Lee Jackson on Wolhurst drew
his whip, and,* the old fellow responding,
brought O'Conor and his mount to a hard
drive. The show went- to Formero.
Bickenruthon Lodestar, winner of the
closing-event, proved a big improvement
over Troxler, who piloted the horse on
February 13. Well played at 7 and 8 to- 1,
the outsider never lacked for speed, run
ning in three . lengths before Hungarian.
Flamero, the favorite, apparently died
away in the stretch; 'even losing the show
to Quiz. • -..:;.-; --, -. .
Barney Schreiber's Killdoe ran away
from his company in the five and a half
furlong selling dash. A 1 to 2 favorite
with Lee Jackson up, the Foul Shot geld
ing led El Kara over .the. mark three
lengths. Courtier took the show from
the weakly-handled Rasp.
' After considerable see-sawing Redwald
finally closed equal favorite with John
Peters for the six and a half furlong run.
The latter colt was ¦ giving away some
weight, and * his stay out in front was
limited. O'Connor assumed the front po
sition with Redwald when ready, downing-
February, a 20 to 1 chance, without ef
fort. ¦
So fluctuating were the odds against
Buck Taylor in the betting on the seven
furlong selling affair that it was difficult
to tell whether the stable fancied the
chestnut or not. He showed to- be good
by racing out ln the lead with the favor
ite El Rey, and then won cleverly by two
lengths. Troxler on Alturas ran Into the
show.
Although The Weaver went to the post
a 1 to 3 favorite for the opening sprint,
the big colt found it no easy trick to beat
Bassenzo. The latter made all the run
ning and at the wire lost by a head only.
Senator. Bruce ran third.
' ¦ \ " priced ' ones which became dere
licts before reaching 'port. Four other
favorites, j though, did come through, - in
The .Weaver, Killdoe, Redwald and The
Fretter, and this speaks well for the.
sport, especially as the fields were made
up of very ordinary material. Then again,
the track was very heavy and slow.,
NO very serious disaster befell the
talent at Oakland ¦ yesterday, ;
even if^they did climb aboard El
Rey «md j Flamero, two short-
HONOLULU. . Feb.. 12.— The bark
Alden Besse, which left here' on the flth
for San Francisco, put" back yesterday
leaking badly. . A few hours after she got
away Captain Kessel discovered that the
vessel was making water at the rate of
four inches an hour." He set the pumps
to work and made for port again, arriv
ing off the harbor last night. There i will
be a. board of survey to ascertain the- ves
sel's condition.
Leaking Ship Has to Beturn.
When the Dirigo Jeft for the* south it
was not certain that all the men in tha
mine had escaped, but Assistant Superin
tendent McKenzie and Shift Boss Eaton
made the trip down from the old pit and
gave it as their opinion that every ona
had got out safely. .;;*".
In the meantime, with the help of ad
ditional fire apparatus from Douglas, th-3
fire had been confined to -the .compressor
building, the shaft, the shaft house and a
near-by mill building. These were de
stroyed.
The firemen combined their efforts on
the mill adjacent to the compressor build
ing, and, though their clothing frequent
ly caught fire and their hands and facea
were badly blistered, they finally got the
flames under control, after several build
ings\had been destroyed.
ln the meantime the flames in the shaft
had been burning rapidly". Swans Bar
quist, one of the miners working on tha
330-foot level, was the first to gain knowl
edge of the fire above. He shouted a
warning to the ; miners on the 440-foot
level. The. latter crew, however, mistook
his excited cry of "fire" for a blasting
signal, and. Instead of making their way
toward the upper levels, went farther
back on their own. level. When the men
had finally gathered on the 330- foot level
much valuable time - had been lost. Th»
shait was closed and was fast becoming
untenable, as burning embers were drop
ping from the woodwork at the mouth,
when several old employes of the com
pany remembered that there was som»
means of communicating 1 between the new
and old workings. The old gallery -was
finally discovered, and after a hard strug
gle in the smoky, gas-laden levels tha
men reached the bottom of the old pit ln
safety.
SEATTLE. Feb. 18.— With the arrival of
the steamship Diiigo from Alaska* this
morning came news of a conflagration at
the Treadwell mines on Douglas Island
on February 11 and the narrow escape of
100 miners from death. The Alaska-Amer
ican compressor building was destroyed.
While the names raged the miners in the
lower workings were in a desperate situ
ation. Dozens of volunteers asked to b«s
allowed to go down through the burning
shaft and warn the imprisoned men. Suck
an act, would have . been suicidal, how
ever, and the combined efforts of. the fir«
brigades -were put to saving the remain
der of the vast mine buildings.
Special Dispatch to The Call
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S RAGING AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
The trapshootlng season Twill be opened
! on Saturday • at Ingleslde grounds . under
the : auspices '> of , the recently organized
Golden_ Gate Gun Club. Saturday will "be
griven over to live, bird shooting, while
bluerocks will be used exclusively on Sun
. day. ¦... t ¦;-. ¦;.... •-. •¦ . : - ¦¦ \-. A 
• fAt live birds there wlllbe a slx-blrd
race, two . motieys; . ten-bird race,
three moneys: a "miss and out", match
i and .; a- twelve-bird race with: four mon
ieys. i-There will be a silver bar for^the
I men -who kill twelve birds, straight, -and
a gold bar for the man. who kills flf teen. v
¦ * At bluerocks there will be two flfteen
bird ¦ ¦¦> races. . one twenty-bird ; race, > <\ a
mlssandout" match and a twenty-bird
merchandise shoot. There will be silver.
bars for . the -: men- who break .fifteen
straight, and a gold bar for those who
break twenty-five. " / ' .
Live, Birds Will Be Used en
'-: the); First Day : and Blue
Rocks. on Sunday.
Discover Abandoned Outlet
Through Which. They
Gain Open Air.
',¦ i» >^ "RUSSELS, Feb. 18.— The Belgian
: ; L)/ League * for 'the; Rights Man
r"^^ has addressed an appeal to Presi
lXmJ/ dent Roosevelt asking him "for
the love- of God" to intervene to
prevent the possible execution of the Boer
Commandant Kritzinger and others. Com
mandant Kritzlnger - -was captured by
General French lust December. * His trial
in South Africa began February 13.
WASHINGTON. Feb. V' 18.-Representa
tlve Cochran ' of 'Missouri two ¦.weeks_ago_
introduced a resolution inviting Paul Kru
ger ; to visit the United States as .the
guest of the country. Yesterday Cochran
received a letter signed by three members
of the Boer delegation quartered at Brus
sels thanking him and all who are support-
Ing his efforts for the noble interest they
are taking in the Boer republics. The let
ter reviews, from the Boer standpoint, the
causes which led up to the war,, and de
clares that Great Britain Invented pretext
after pretext to bring on the conflict, and
that her sole purpose was to secure the
extensive gold. mines of the Transvaal; in
pursuance of a ' settled policy, to control
all gold mines, .whether : by. purchase or
seizure, ; in order tnat England may con
trol the world's industries. , :
' HEILBRON, Orange River Colony, Feb.
18.— The British columns have again coma
in contact with Dewet's forces near Reitz.
Orange River Colony. The latter were
split up and dispersed.
The letter in closing appeals to "heroic
and ' generous America" to intervene In
behalf of the Boers, ' and i says: "Since
England will not permit friendly Interven
tion, invite her to a congress of the na
tions'^ and see .whether such a congress,
called in the Interest of peace, will be ls
nored. . England would not dare to refuse
to attend such a congress if called by the
United ¦ States and participated in by four
or five of the powers.'-' .".
Golden Gate Gun Club
$P Open the Season
: ': Next Saturd ay.
One Hundred TreadweU
Men Barely. Escape
Death.
Belgian League for the Rights;of Man Asks
• Roosevelt to Prevent the Possible Exe
cution of Kritziriger, the Brave Boer
TRAP SHOOTING
AT INGLESIDE
"SAVE THE COMMANDANT
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD"
BRITT WINS CLEVERLY FROM IRWIN
ON POINTS IN FIFTEEN-ROUND BOUT
¦¦;•>-.¦¦ 1 ........
Oympic Ciub" Lightweight Champion Outclasses His Opponent
From the Start, Escaping Unscathed From (the Ring-— But for
. - His Overanxiety He 'Would Have Wort Readily in Less Time
FLAMES IMPERIL
LIVES OF MINERS
4
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, WEDNESDAY; FEBR U AR Y 1 9, 1 902.
The heartless father of a pretty daugh
ter calls his front: steps ,'a". toe-path. .-,
Interesting Contests Are Held in Va
rious Alleys— An Additional
[ Prize Is Offered. '•
The tournament' bowling games' sched
uled for- Monday- -evening 'between" trie
Eugene, and El Dorado* five-man teams
on the Coronado alleys resulted as ; fol
lows: , ¦ l.'.X
Eusenes-^ ' . . • | El^ Dorados-
Leap 173 149 156 Mayer ....: 181 129 175
Blrdsall ...145,150 lClJoly ...'....114 118 115
Gott 145 198 166 Gantner ...110 98 162
Thorpe 160 194 174 Lowney< .:.113 166 142
Eacret ... .157,157 147 P. A. Smith.139 141 159
.Totals ..1780 854 804 ... 657 652 753
The games between ' the Excelsior • a*nd
National five-man teams pn the Eugene
alleys. resulted as follows:. '
Excelsiors— r . Nationals — ¦ ; ¦ \
Kunzle... .157 114,135 H. Muller. .131 135 120
Dowllng ... 98 147 158 Du Puy..:.103 144 127
C. Blunck:.16O 114 150 Frank .. ...118 128 100
Relschmul'r.110 139 : 94 White .;. 1.145 115 10«
J. Blunck.'.142 83 107 Clark ..... 30 144173
¦ Totals ...667 597 644 -Totals '/..587 566 62^
The' double-team ' contests on the Cen
tral 'alleys* resulted as follows:
W.G.Smlth.'.2O4 175 191 Harris .-!... 140 167 174
Thorraahlen.168 182174 Davis .".:.. 184 121 157
Totals ...372 367 365 .' Totals .'.1324 288 321
Bush ...:..158 147 ' 183 'Harris': .. ..198 139160
Muller ... .'203 166 157,Davis ;¦;...._ 88 142 : 125
Totals .. . . 361 313 340 1 Totals' . . . ' : 286 28V 285
Messrs. Pike '¦ and : Egbert - and ? Meyer
and Blondin, having, failed to appear in ;
their schedule games, have been declared
out of -the contest. ¦¦ • ' ;
The: prize committee .• announced last
evening: that there ; would be an addi
tional'prize of $25 for the individual mak
ing; the: three ; best; > scores: T The. following
bowlers v,have cleared "the: 609 v mark r in
'their three best games: Thorpe 662,,Thor
mahlen (Si.. .Gott 620, W.,> G. Smith 617
Leap 614,'; Lux 611 : and 'Eacret : 605.
BOWXERS COMPETE IN
TOURNAMENT GAMES
The Lyceum Clothing Company
Will sell regular $2 50 hats for men, latest
styles, for 90 cents, at 915 Market street*
opposite Mason. -:-¦ ,vy-v - V
ceedings with a left to the body. Irwin
tried a left but failed. Britt also sent a
hard one wide of the mark. Britt worked
him into a corner, where Irwin slipped
down. Britt landed alright and left to
the head. . Britt had the best of a mix
up, Irwin making some complaint to the
referee. Britt joked him about it, saying,
"What's the matter?"
Britt landed his left as usual when pro
ceedings opened in the third. Irwin fol
lowed with a left to the head. Britt
chased Irwin. across the ring, landing re
peatedly, but not doing much damage.
Irwln broke the skin on Britt's nose,
which bled slightly. In a mix-up both
stumbled to the floor. Irwin seemed
afraid of Britt, the latter's body punches
telling on him. Irwin landed two straight
lefts and again stumbled. It began to
look like the end as Britt hustled his op
ponent around the ring. Britt showered
blows on him during the last ten seconds
and had him groggy.
Irwin seemed tired In the fourth. He
was the first to lead, but did no damage.
Brftt sent him against the ropes with
some hard body blows. Britt plugged him
repeatedly with right and left, but in his
over-anxiety to end the affair his blows
proved ineffective. Irwln showed the ef
fect of the pace which the ex-amateur
was setting, while the latter was quite
fresh.
Britt took a breathing spell in the fifth
and few hard blows were exchanged. - *
The sixth round wound up in a fierce
slugging match, the plucky young
sters exchanging . rights and - lefts.
The round opened with Britt lead
ing as usuaL He sent his right
to tho body hard. He then sent his right
to the head, and Irwln hung on to avoid
punishment. Irwin landed two on the
head, but did no damage. Britt sent a
terrific right over to Irwin's jaw, but It
proved a glaifcing blow and did no dam-
WINNER OF LAST NIGHT'S
FIGHT j IN OAKLAND, AND
RINGSIDE CHARACTERS.
¦•¦¦-:-¦./ ¦ /¦
The first preliminary bout was between
Frank George and Gene Young. George
went after his opponent fiercely, swing
ing wildly and landing occasionally. The
second round- was give and take, each
man having it bad at* times. The third
and " fourth rounds were full of ¦ roueh
and-tumble fighting. In the fifth George
played for the body with telling effect.
The last round was a' mixture of hugging
and slugging. George was given the de
cision on points. '
"Young" Gibbs; weighing 142" pounds,
fought Jack McDonald, who weighed 163
Pounds. ¦ Near the end of the first round
McDonald hustled Gibbs out of the rinjr
the latter falling heavily. . In the earlier
part of the round Gibbs proved much the
better boxer. ,.
Early in the second round, In a wild
wrestling match, both men fell and rolled
over the. lower rope of the ring. ¦ They
stayed down four i seconds. McDonald
was first up and while Gibbs was still on
his knees the former lost his head and
rushed at him. He struck . . Gibbs ¦. and
Referee Kitchen awarded the bout to the
latter. > ' . • -
Gibbs Wins on a FouL
Britt started the last round as fresh as
when he entered the ring-, while Irwlu
looked jaded, as would, any boxer who
had taken the punishment he did. Britt
sent a left to the head and then a right
which staggered Irwin. Tobey was nearlr
out and hung on.- Britt kept peppering
his body and once knocked him down
with a clean blow. When the end of the
round came Referee Kitchen pointed to
Britt as the winner. " . ¦:-. -..' ¦-.,.
It was all Britt in the ninth, Irwin
hanging on to avoid punishment. Britt
landed at will on head and body. ¦
They slowed down in the tenth, neither
doing much damage. . . r
The eleventh round ended with Irwiri
retreating and Britt chasing him around
the ring. :'\ ¦ :, ...
In the twelfth Britt tried several times
for a right cross to the jaw but: missed.
He succeeded in landing it on the body
with deadly effect. , ..-'.
The thirteenth was : Britt's round Ir
win's only hard Wow, was- a right to the
head. Britt returned it with. interest ¦
Britt landed a right cross on the head
which sounded all over the house in the
fourteenth round. It must have missed
its mark or Irwin would have gone out.
Irwin was nearly out when the gong again
saved him. He hung on to avoid punish*
ment.
Britt had Irwln in extreme danger in
the eighth, the bell barely saving the
North Beach boy. Britt planted a stiff
right to the heart and cleverly ducked a
hard swing. Britt sent a right to the body
and a left to the head which left Irwin
\\eak and defenseless. Britt followed him
all over the ring, showering blows on him.
In his excitement his aim was bad. ' Just
at the bell he landed a clean right and
left to the head.' :-.- -
Irwin freshened up decidedly in the
seventh and it seemed he was striking his
gait. Britt started matters with a left to
the body and then a hard right. Irwin
then went at him, sending right and left to
the head. They did not daze- Britt, who
fought on the defensive for a time. As
the round ended Irwin was trying jab
bing tactics. • .
When. Irwin Woke Up.
age. He followed this up with a hard
right and left to the body. He landed a
right <jn the head and a right to the body
and received a right and left on the body/
Irwln backed around the ring, Britt fol
lowing him. He cornered Irwln and they
slugged until the bell stopped them. Ir
•win'came out of the melee with a badly
cut e;-e. - -. • •¦ • . :. • .
Britt Starts the Fighting.
When the gong sent them together in
the first round Britt was the first to lead
sending a left to the body. He. followed
this up with another left, which sent Ir
win back. Irwin stumbled, but Britt did
not take advantage of the opening. In a
mixup Britt proved much the cleverer,
landing a stiff uppercut to the head. Britt
rushed him across - the ring and nearly
through the ropes. Irwin kept going
away, with the apparent design of letting
Britt fight himself out. Just as the bell
rang Irwin landed a left to the head.
In the second round Britt opened pro-
Irwin fought a game, uphill fight. From
the start he seemed outclassed, although
some spectators thought for a time he
was letting Britt fight himself ouU The
latter* s friends; were nervous about the
fifth and sixth rounds, but the ex-ama
teur champion went any pace his oppo
nent set before him and never slowed up.
When Referee Jack Kitchen declared
Britt the^ winner the house went wild.
Britt's seconds lifted him on their shoul
ders and carried him across the ring to
where his father was standing. He re
ceived the latter's congratulations and
those of some of his friends. He was then
landed J among his Olympic Club friends,
who nearly shook the hands ' off their
champion.
Britt was pronounced the cleverest ama
teur ever seen in the ring here under sim
ilar conditions. At times he showed a
lack of experience in following up an ad
vantage. Had he had the experience
which a couple of four-round professional
flghts would afford him he would have
won last night inside five rounds.
There were 2700 spectators at the fight
The receipts were $2194 50. Of this Use
boxers and the club each received half
Britt's share was 5937 40 and Irwin's
$309 85. In addition Britt wagered more
than S1D00 on his chances, having unlim
ited confidence In his ability to win. Tho
betting at the ringside was 10 to 6 in favor
of Britt.
JAMES B. BRITT, amateur light
weight boxing champion of the Pa
cific Coast, defeated Toby Irwln on
points last night in the gymnasium
of the Acme Athletic Club, Oak
land. The winner disproved a time-hon
ored idea that the professional in any
walk of life, be it art. literature, music,
drama or athletics, has a big advantage
over the amateur.
Not since 1891, when "Jim" Corbett
fought his memorable sixty-one-round
•draw in this city with Peter Jackson, has
there been such widespread interest and
sentiment shown in the appearance of a.
local boxer as were brought out byBritt's
intention to enter ' the ranks of profes
sional boxers. . «
The attendance last night was almost
entirely drawn from this side of the bay,
being made up of business and profes
sional men, and a large number of Olym
pic Club men.
. From the start Britt outclassed Irwin.
He proved a faster boxer, a harder hit
ter and took what punishment he received
without wincing, lie proved to be in su
perb condition, going nearly every round
at top speed. He was as fresh in the last
round as in the first.
He was always the first to lead at the
opening of each round, and as he invari
;iuiy pxayed for the body he took much
of the speed out of Irwin. The bell saved
toe latter in several rounds, as he was all
but out and hung on to avoid punish
ment Britt strikes a blow like that of a
iniddie-weifht. He was fortunate. in hav
ing the services of two euch seconds ' as
"topidu" Kelly and Tim McGrath. The
former has no equal in coaching a boxer
in the ring, while^ McGrath is a marvel in
freshening up a man between rounds. The
combination worked like clockwork last
night. Britt should give due credit to his
clever handlers.
.; r ; : ADVEIlTISEJflLENTS. ;>
A- Most Remarkable Remedy Thas
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Packasro Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free' trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being: mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute
They cured bo many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It la a homa
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cur»
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needm*
It cures all.the ills and troubles that*£&
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success la
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 32S Elektron building Fore
a v£ n ?- *£<*•. «a«ng that you desire on!
o. their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute la de-
sirous of reaching Mat great class of mea
who are unable to leave home to b«
treated, and the free samples wd I enabl"
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dles ?pPloye<J- The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
?. av > e n S fear of embarrassment or pub-
fvisiT DR. JORDAN'S great*
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY >
f @ 1CS1 KA22sr "• *•*•• 6Aa7au S.TJM. \
\ Sf ,» T^ L *S S% 1 Aaatomieai Museum ta the '
4 $ZEZ PR- J0RDAH-DISEASE3 0? MEN I)
1 f^^f _ Coi " al »"oa free «nd stilcsly priTate \
¥ J A??? Trwiment perjonally or by 1-tter A i
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECUIISTS FOK MEM.
Established 1831. ; Co*.
•ultatlon and private boo*
ifee at offic* or by >m*iu.
*-«res guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST;
BAN FRANCISCO. CAU
TiAa BlgaatnTe is on erery boa of the gentxln*
Laxative Bromo-OuinineTaweu
ttr* raaedy that cured aeold In one d^l
Happy Childtiood Knows What's Best
Medicine that a child dislikes, will not do it much good. Sensible
parents will give the little darlings medicine that tastes. good and
does good, and don't grip or gripe; the kind, they like themselves.
»Ji»<^!ff **'^. "L haTe never us^d any remedy that has been at
Jr^4al& ¦ rood as Cascarets. Have to keep them hidden from
sjGSjz. fsBp^.* v ' ™ y tle boy ' al he eats th e m like candy."
V^v^^ir "I shall Dever be without Cascarets. My children
ifaSSePV^^S^^K. \\1 "j always deliehted when I civ« them a portion of a
Llv, 'S^ V-VF tablet, and- «ry- for more. They have a permanent
TO? 1^ ' ' —Jlrg. John Flagel, Michigan City, Ind. '
J»\ -I '^^ " Mid* u ? e f Ca * ca^ ts ln our family and they are th» '
g^T^ f J Vjljr* —Mrs. James Greenwood, Menasha, Wis.
y£si*etf?Lrv±** s Yjfe> W "^ always ke<?p Cascarets In the house for the child-
jP^gPBgf f"' rl^^V T)yj^J\ -Mrs. Chasf Root. 692 Lorain St.. Cleveland. O. '
JK^YSHL EB&BrJ/a i " For "">nths I have nsed Cascarets, and my littla
f§»tl30ttVFU^^V > f. ffiBBBB/y ones require no other medicine."
¦BPjfljMJMi; -\ W^^(r '¦ — Mrs - G. II. Hammond, 6s3-!4th St., Minneapolis.
•^SBS8BJHhL\.^N»^ / / ffifl|fg ' : " l T^y iP"^ Cascarets entirely in lookine after
(^^^^^ffiffiKi^MV^ ) V>v *^^ —Mrs. Ellen Burwell, 1812 Division St., St. Louis.
\* ii» t / u \ N . ," M 7 l lttI<! boy three j-ears old -was troubled with
/¦ — '^^i Dleeains plies, vie begau to cive him Cascaretg,
j£fOk /" \ and before he had taken one box, tie was sound and
welL"-W. A. Ooin. Okmnleee, 1. 1. "
y I P^^^i^A^W " M y llttle <3«nghter complained of not feeling well
V \ffiSg*^T TlSt- Bn(^ "'Can to vomit and became very sick. A half
\^ ¦ \^r'- \^^ I 'Tfr 1 Cascarct tablet was (riven her and ln less than half
>Pv j^^ X I 1 A I an honr she got up as well as ever. Cascarets are ¦
T&< \'r"v\ ¦ / / * l">nsehold neceggity." • •- ¦¦¦ ¦
ygtf \«» ! >»i. (' —Thos. L. Most, P. M., Trenton, Pa.
1^ B^ r / 'i. "^ H*tle elrl was greatlr troubled with worms,.
¥ \ Hr y but after civfng her a 25c box of Cascarets,' she it
( 1 entirely yell." . ¦ ¦ ¦ . , ¦• 1
I . - ojlu. t . : —Mrs. John F. Biley, 6 Sadler St., Gloucester, Mast.
Medicine forced on. the. little ones loses half its power. Nasty, !
sickening medicine is an injustice to the dear little innocents who j
can't protect themselves, makes them peevish and afraid of the dose. '¦!
When a cHild hates the medicine, it will not be effective. /Children j
like Cascarets Candy Cathartic, ask for them and are kept* healthy • i
always and easily against the damages of childhood's ailments. ' !
/s£r\ /»/>n rtfrv Best for * e B ° w els- ' A11 druggists, ioc, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk.
I UUtl4jLjL|JkLVtJ The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or vour
W>fyw»y»y money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. sii
- ¦ • ' - i
]3l)iM^ (1
to oiwerj (^q&^s.
Suits that look /, •/
manly; -suits ; that / 'k -I
wear as they should; ; •* ', "I '1
that : have . value ; in O* • I
every; thread and •<-. '¦- -"^ \\ '-'¦'¦ / '
; stitch, - and v that areil V - n . /- \ '••
I stylish" and- properlv\l K ¦¦ ¦ ; - • , I ¦ ''if
¦'.tailored — these . are I ::.' {"¦ *"'¦.".'.• amSt -
whati have; built up \\< .y V i ' :^fWt ¦¦'
.1 the. enviable reputa- II , \ ' \--:- \\M[l i-
tlonf of our tailoring \ ' V AJTll ¦
department.'. :, \ 1\\ \-n \l
One Dollar "I H
a Week Ills
( is an ' easy ; way to 'A^b^fiwlXtf £•;
.get one.. , You pay ™^ "i^lfla '
, for : it -while 'wearing '
lll^liiil
128 Ellis St. AbovcPowcSl
, DRINK
¦y-. Natural Laxative Mineral Water '
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
; one ; thousand . physlclana have •
¦'testified to the fact that
HUNYADI JANOS !
;will positively cure' Constipation and '¦:
' ; all" forms of Stomach - Dlsordef 9 and ;
' Liver ! T J r ° ubles - vTaken in the morning, .
ha^* hour before breakfast,' it wiU pro: ~
V duce -a ; copious evacuation iwithout ;
causing any discomfort. -;
BE SURE?
yoo OET Hunyadl JANOS*. -When bny-
l . l ** * s kt?ittun~y^a4lJ\ti0S {tall narrie)
>^or you may be imposed upon. ¦. : ¦ . .;
,. Bottle has Blue label >ith red center. <SONOMA ARRIVES FROM AUSTRALIA
AND BRINGS OVER MANY PASSENGERS
WEDNESDAY.' FEBRUARY 19.
Sun rises .-..;...:....-. 6:55:
Sun sets .5 :52
Moon sets : 4:29 a. m.
O Time Timel Time : . i Timt .
? Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
• L W |HW| '¦".-. L W - V IH'W ; .
n~ 2!24 2.9 8:41 6.6 3:29-^-0.4 10:28 .4.8
20 3:20 2.7 9:38 5.7 4:14 — 0.411:10 5.1
21 4:11 2.3 10:31 5.7 4:58 —0.3 11:48 i5.3
22 6:00 2.011:22 5.6 5:36 0.0 ..........
4 H W LW H W , L.W : j
23 0:25 5.4 5:50 1.7 12:10.5.4.6:16 0.4
24 1:00 5.6 6:39 1.6 12:56 . 5.1 6:55 1.0
25 1:35 5.3 7:30 1.5 1:46 4.7 7:34 1.5
25- 1:35 5.3 7:30 1:46 4.7 7:34 1.5
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tho early ' morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of .the
day, except when there are -but. three tides, as
sometimes occurs. : The heights given. are in
addition to the soundings of the "United States
Coast Survey. Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height; and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts.. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters. 1. »
A few days before the Sonoma left Pago
Pago Apia was visited by a hurricane,
which drove ashore the bark Telephone
and damaged a number of smallercraft.
The Sonoma brought these cabin pas
sengers:
Sydney — Mr. and Mrs.. P. Corte, Messrs.
Corte CJ. Master Corte. Mis6 Hunter. Miss
• hamberlaln. T. H. Benton. Miss A: Schank.
Captain E. H. Patterson. H. WuebMn, T. E.
P. Gardner. Miss Plstebuon, Miss McKee, R.
Walker. A- Kidman, G. Xouveau, Dr. C. W.
Laver.
Auckland — M. Louts de Cloulon. T. S. Luwry,
W. Bennett. Dr. and Mrs. T.' Hope Lewis,
Ml«$ Hope Lewis. Mrs. Kennedy,- A. • L Mc-
I KT.Z.M, E. I. Stover, Mr. . and Mrs. W. Hen
vey.
Pago Pago — H. E. Olsen, G. A. McKay. ,
Honolulu — A. E. Augier, Mrs. C. H. An
6ra\i£. Mr. and Mr*. F. Hendrie. Mrs. W. H.
Bourne, Mrs. I. Leliy, Masters Lelly, Mrs. L.
SI. Scudder. C. F. Meyer. T. Cartj'.L. Mulli
jran. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Baker. E. Eleolich,
G. W. Stark. *E. A. Hogan. R. H. Spottiswood,
Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Pockwitz. G. E. Bow, W.
W. Breuner, Mrs. Breuner. R. C. ForBythe, G.
Kreuger, W. M. Temr>Ieton, L. Golinsky, T. L.
Prc-Boott, Mrs. Prescott. F. F. Porter, L. T.
¦Ware. J. Cooper. G. R. Carter, W. T. Raw-
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sonoma arrived yesterday from.
Australia with more than 200 pas
sengers and a large cargo. She
encountered her full share of the
boisterous weather that has been so plen
tiful of late all over the Pacific, but came
Through without mishap. The Sonoma
left Sydney January 28, Auckland Febru
ary 1. Pago Pago February 5 and Hono
lulu February 12. Among- the passengers
from Honolulu was a troop of colored
singers, who obliged with a few lusty
selections while the big liner was being
cocked. The Sonoma ran according to
schedule in spite of the constant opposi
tion ot the elementsJ From Auckland to
Honolulu strong head winds prevailed, ac
companied by big seas. After leavirig
Honolulu a whole gale from the south
southwest was encountered. The w'nd
thifted on February 14 to the west-north
west, with terrific squalls a t frequent in
tervals. This continued until Monday aft
ernoon, when wind and sea moderated
and continued reasonably calm to port.
SHIP FLORENCE THAT WAS
KEPT OUTSIDE THREE DAYS
BY GALES.
l'.r.son, E. G. ' Calderson. F. I L. Hoet. E. L.
Cutting, Mr. and Mrs. I. Mlchels and child.
TJmatilla in Quarantine.
. The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Umatilla, ¦which was due from ¦ Seattle
last Sunday, did not arrive' until yester
day morning, the voyage having occupied
103 hours. The quarantine officials found
a second-cabin passenger suffering from
a disease suspiciously like smallpox, and
the vessel, was ordered to Angel Island.
The steamship will probably be released
to-day, | but the length of detention to
¦which the passengers will be subjected
will depend upon the development of the
suspicious case. As Seattle is known to
be a hotbed of smallpox, it is feared the
Umatllla's passengers may have an op-
¦ ¦'to''arrive.''-'--'.; v -_-., ;;• ¦'. ¦;, ,.,.
• Steamer. . -?,-...:••- 1%rom --;' > . - ; J. Due * '
Lakme.. . . . .'. Portland & ; Astoria. .. ; Feb.: 19
San Juan.... Panama & Way- Ports.. Feb. 19
Pleiades Seattle ...v.... ........ Feb. 19
Pomona...... Humboldt '...».. .'.. Feb: 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria . . . . Feb. 1U
Isls ....:. Hamburg &. Way Ports. Feb. 10
Tltanla. . . . . ; Nanalmo .............. Feb. '19
Chas. Nelson. Redondo Feb; 19
Point Arena: . Point Arena ........... Feb. 20
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports. Feb. -20
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 20
Despatch ..... San Pedro .......... . . . Feb. 21
Eureka. ..... Humboldt • . : . . ... ...... Feb. 21
Mandalay . . . : Coquille River Feb. 21
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports .... Feb. 21
Peru......... Chlna&; Japan*........ Feb. 22
Newburg. ;. . . San-Tedro ............. Feb. 23
Coronado..... Grays Harbor .;.„ Feb. 2-1
Progreso. . . . . I Seattle -...¦....'.¦...'....: Feb. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. Ports Feb. 23
Sequoia...... Grays Harbor :'./....... Feb. 23
Bonita .." Newport & Way Ports.." Feb. 24
G.W. Elder. . Portland' & Astoria.'..: Feb. 24
North Fork.. Humboldt . :... r.r..-.:.: Feb. 24
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb. 25
Queen.......' Puget Sound Ports...;.. Feb. 2H
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Feb.. 26
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Feb. 1 27
Curacao...... Mexican Ports ::...'. Feb. 27
San Jose..... Panama \& Way Ports.. Mar. .1
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports ;... Mar. 3
Coptic. ... . .. China & Japan ...V: . . . Mar. - 4
Alameda. . . . . Honolulu Mar. . 4
TO SAIL.
SEATTLF — Arrived: Feb 18— Stmr Dlrlgo.
from Skaeway. : - Feb 17— Stmr EUhu Thom
son., from., Valdez. » Feb 18r— Stmr Queen, hence
Feb 15: stmr Dolphin, from" Skagway.
Sailed Feb ¦ 18— Slmr . Roanoke, for Esqul
malt; Btmr. Czarina, for Tacoma. . ' »
Sailed Feb 18— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco; • stmr Farallon-. for Skagway. t ¦
» Arrived Feb 18 — Stmr Santa Ana, • from San
Francisco; stmr Alvena/ lrom- San Pedrd.
i : PORTLAND — Cleared Feb IS — Br shiD Gal
gorn Castle, for Queenstown,: with 03,655 bush
els wheat; Br.shlp Ardnamurchan, for Queens
town; with 99.981 busheU wheat; ' - ; ¦ '
m Sailed Feb 18 — Stmr South Portland,. for San
Francisco;- ship GalgorrL \ Castle, for Queens
town. ;•- •¦ -' ¦ ' , ¦¦ "' '¦'*.' '¦ :-.,:¦•*.
.'Arrived ; Feb 18 — Stmr ' Thyra," from Hong
kong,' via '¦ San Francisco.
DOMESTIC ' PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, ; Feb , 18, 10 p \ m— Weather
hazy; .wind NW.^elocity, 12 miles per hour. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦ ASTORIA, Feb 18— Acme arrived and reports
abandoned schr Laura Pike in waterlogged
condition in lat 44 10 N, Ion 124 30 W. Main
mast trono, foremast and jibboom standing-.
(Laura Pike was previously reported, by stmr.
Nome City at Seattle, with vessel's crew.)
. ¦ Stmr Umatilla, which arrived at San . Fran
cisco ' Feb 1 18 . from Victoria and Puget Sound
ports, j was placed ln quarantine on account of
passenger in second cabin being sick. Steamer
will not be ; released before Wednesday, Feb
uary 19.- .'..,- ¦ :» : .
HONOLULU— Returned. Feb 11. bark. Alden
Besse, v hence Feb 9, • for. San Francisco, leak
ing at the rate of 4 inches an - hour. : Leak
.has been located on port bow about 2 feet be
low the water line.. On the .12th : theyv.com
menced to. discharge cargo, as vessel will have
to lighten ¦ about 4 feet. • ' '. . .
, HONOLULU. Feb 9-^-Bark Hesper Is mak
ing'water at "the. rate of almost an inch an
hour.^ Pumps are in good condition. - Board of
Survey will allow, her to proceed to Freman
tle to-day. '¦'¦;:- ;: ~~ -'¦ ¦ v~ •¦¦"¦ "j ¦¦¦¦-¦ • . i
¦' SEATTLE,"- Feb 18 — The 'stmr Queen,' from
San Francisco,- reports when 50 miles 1 NNW of
Cape Blanco and 100 miles off Umpqua River,
sighted a one ¦ topmast • schooner, mastheads
white, jibboom and 'foremast standing -and
bulwarks torn away; vessel's 'home port San
Francisco; waterlogged and; the same size- as
the schr Laura ¦ Pike. ¦ ' , ' .
-VICTORIA, Feb IS— Ltehthouse keeper - at
Carmaxah reports top of a schooner's compan
ion way . drifted ashore, painted white.
, ;V. ; MEMORANDUM.' ;
Per stmr San Pedro, ' from ! Grays Harbor,
Feb ; 18 — Had a succession of SE gales the en
tire passaze down. - :
¦¦: • Per 1 «mr : Sonoma — Experienced strong head
winds and sea to Honolulu, thence had gale
from- S.SW till , midnight of 14th. wind shift
ing to WNW, with fierce squalls and heavy
sea, moderating on 17th. Feb 17, 10 a m,.
passed a bark heading SW; 12:45 p m, passed
a bark heading ENE; 7:30 p m, passed a ship
heading SE: ISth, 9:15 a' m, passed a bktn
headinr ENE. ¦ ¦ '. ' . ¦ . •
¦ Per. stmr .Umatlila, from Victoria, Feb ¦ 18—
From Cape Flattery to Cape Merdoclno had a :
succession of southerly and SE gales; had to
slow vessel down for two days. ¦ On Feb 17, at
1 d m. . two .miles *W.' of Shelter. Cove, saw a
ship, ariiar?ntly - American, . close in :. with ; no
wind. -Were too far off to make her out. ¦
Per'ehlp Florence, from Honolulu, Feb 17 — '
Sailed' Jan 26. Made the Farallones at 8pm
Feb 15; arrived at Lightship 9 am; 16th inst;
stood off on account of fog and blowing hard.
SSE. Crossed the bar at. 2 p m, 17th, 22 days
from' Honolulu. Waa In company with ship
Chas E Moody 11 days, in lat 30 59 N, Ion
•i5s 42 w. / • -¦¦ ¦¦'¦ - .. ¦¦ ¦¦¦-¦¦ ;.:
: Per stmr Emslre. from Coos Bay, Feb 18 —
Had very 'heavy I SE winds on Feb 16 from 0
a m to 3pm.' Blew a hurricane from SE; no
damage dons. ¦ , ¦
MISCELLANEOUS.
No date.lat 27, N, Ion 20 ,W— Fr bark Jane
Guillon, ' from Tyne, for San Francisco.
Feb 8. lat 35 N, Ion 13 W— Br bark Nivelle,
from Hamburg,- for San Francisco. .
• Per Br bark Melanope. at Adelaide — Dec 21,
lat 33 30 8. Ion 158 50 W, ship Mary L Cush
ing, from Newcastle, Aus, for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
I Bark OlymDic; Evans, Honolulu. ¦
Fr. bark Connetable, de Rlchemont. Rault,
Queenstcwn. ¦ . . : .
i Schr A F Coates, Dahllof, Fairhaven.
¦' Steamer. \~ •-•Destination. .: .; Sails. I Pier. ¦
February 19. |
Arco ... Coqullle River .... "4 pmlPler 2
EmDire.... Coos Bav ••'•.:.::';: 12 m Pier 13
Arcata Co ° 8 B - & Pt - Ort>d 10 am Pier 13
Lakme' .... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier ;2
State Cal . San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita .... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
February : 2O. , - ,; :¦
Rival Wlllapa Harbor > . . 5 pm Pier 2
J Klm'ball. Seattle & Tacoma. : 10 am Pier 2
Umatlila... Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier .0
Rainier .. Seattle . & N. What. 5 pm Pier. 2
ASstralia:. Tahiti direct ...... 2 pm Pier 7
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier .9
February 22. ; . -.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .•. -2 pm Pier ,' 2
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului ...... Pier 20
Columbia.., Astoria, & Portland. 11; am Pier Zi
Eureka.' .. Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier. 13
Coronado. . . Grays . Harbor . ... 5 pm Pier ; 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro &, Way. 9 am Pier 11
Spokanef... S. Diego & Way Pts 9 am Pler.ll
*v . . , -,., February : 24. ¦ - ¦•";. - .
Newburg". .*. Grays Harbor --.-..: 5 pmlPier 2
Mandalay.. ; ; 5 pm Pier 2
Nippon Mar China & 'Japan...'. 1 pm|PMSS
Ci^r Puebla P"f et Sound Ports, li. amIPler 9
, .. . .- * ¦ F^ebruary «(>• >
Alliance:;.. :...,: Pier _
North Fork. Humboldt .........: 9 am Pier 2
Sonoma.... Sydney; & -Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Luxor:...'.'. Hamburg ;& Way.. ...... ..;..;;.
Czarina...: Seattle & .Tacoma: . 5 pm Pier 2
Seauola . . ;'. . Grays ' Harbor .... 5 pm Pi«r. ¦ 2
G W ' Eldei Aftoria ¦• & Portland 11 am Pier 24
,-¦'•• .'•.-..-•- •¦ February 28... "i j ¦ .">
San Juan.. Panama & Way.... [12 m|PMSS
United ¦ States Coast and - . Geodetic , Survey — '
Times and Heights 'of High: and Low.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
.Francisco Bay. " Publishediby:offlclali.au
,,. Uhorlty of the Superintendent., . -
NOTE— The ' hluh ; and , low . waters occur j at
the city : front (Mission-etreet '- wharf) - about
twenty-five ¦ minute* later thanat Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at; both places.
Sun, Moon . and Tide.
' FROM SEATTLE. •' , ;
, riteamer. -. --y :...'¦...¦ roe.;- :: •;>; ?: | Sail*..
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way, Ports. I Feb.' 22
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet ft'Way .Fts.lFeb.>25
¦Dlrlgo ..I 1 :... Skagway &.,Way Ports. !Feb. '27
Cottage City. Skagway, & Way Ports. |Mar. 1
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
, : '. .Tuesday^ February 18. ..!
r . Stmr Arcata, .; Nelson, 108 hours from Coos
Stmr Umatlila, Cousins, 103, hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. :• ¦* ¦_¦ .
Stmr Sonoma, Van Oterendorp, 21 'days from
Sydney! 'vla7 Honolulu,- 6; days;. ,.¦ .. .;,-r,<_.
• ¦ stmr ' San .' Pedro. ; Anderson, ' 115 hours from
Grays ---•'.'•-•-¦,.,-- n>5s .....
'•' Stmr. Empire, vMacgenn, 122 hours from Coos
Bay.' ''..'¦¦ ¦ ¦ - ' . ¦ ' * v ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦
: Br ' shin Castle ' Rock, '. Jones, '135 : days f rain
< Schr . Mary C, Campbell; 10 hours- from Bo
eB^* ' ' CLEAREn.! { .- ¦' -j
' .... '¦ • V Tuesday?. February 18. ¦"
VStmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama ;,P;M SS Co.
- i Stmr ¦ Bonita, • Nopander, \ San ;Pedro ; Goodall,
Perkins ¦' &. Co. V V'' •¦".-• •••'.•;•./ " '..•, ¦¦•¦•v'-.-A
v Stmr State-, of f. : - California,/. Thomas, San
Diego; 'Goodall.' Perkins '& *Co. .' ' >-.-. . . ¦•¦¦' ¦¦>
,:.Br Btmr Guatemala, Harris, iValparalso; Bal
.four,' Guthrie: : &,Co. ¦ ,;.^. * i 'A&gMBBggEg&Knu
¦ . ' . SAILED. "
: ; :V ¦ .. ' Tuesday, • February 18. '
Stmr. North : Fork.*- Foaen, Eureka, ' , ;
. Stmr ! i Eureka. • Jessen, ¦ Eureka. ' •-¦-::
¦ Stmr, Meteor,- Jensen,- Seattle.. .'•¦-.,
• - Stmr Samoa, > Madsen.j Caspar. :' : ¦
v', Stmr jWashtenaw.T Parker.-. Tacoma.?- ¦'•'?:'. :"¦
•?' Stmr. Acapulco, iRusEell,r;Panama. . •'-;';'
* Stmr 'Ruth,'? Hlggins,'' Bowena -Landing.
-.' Stmr : Gipsy, s Leland; •, Santa' Cruz. » ; . . :
. > Stmr : Greenwood,'; FagerlundrT— —.' . •'. ¦ ',.' - ¦ ; >'. '.
/> Br/ stmr -Guatemala,': Harris, '.^Valparaiso,
» - Briship-Alcinous, MacCorrrial(r,i Queenstown.
! ' Bark Leyl . G Burgees, -.Younggren, ; Tacoma. ;
Cargo by the Guatemala.
The steamer. Guatemala*- which sailed yester
day for Valparaiso and \ way j ports. v carried
merchandise for Mexico. valued at $5259; Cen
tral America, 126,385; Venezuela, $946; Ecua-"
dor, $2073; Peru. $8C37; Port Stanley, $50. Tha
following were the principal shipments :
For Mexico — 180 bbls flour, ! 3 pkgs hardware,
2401 .: lbs .sugar, '75- crs potatoes, 6 bxs fresh
fruits, 1 cs arms and ammunition. .; 404 lbs
bread, 10 cs.wine, 750 lbs sago, 1000 lbs starch,
11,764 feet lumber, 17 bales dry goods, 32 pkgs
paints and oils, 40 pkgs car material, 78 pkgs
machinery. 4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 610
lbs raisins. 1 coll rope, 150 cs beer. . ,
¦ For Central America— 1478 bbls flour, - 69 cs
canned -goods, 31 pkgs groceries and provisions
17 pkgs paints and oils, 45,247 lbs tallow 18
pkgs agricultural implements, .3: horses. 1607
lbs codfish; 2499 gals and 27.es wine. 594 lbs
seed, 1114 lbs .spices. 200 lbs meal; 6 cs sal
mon. 222 lbs sulphur. • 8 bales leather, 179 . lbs
cheese, 27 bales. dry Roods,- 5548 lbs soda 77.
559 lbs rice; 977, lbs dried fruits, 136 crc pota
toes, 45 bbls coc'oanut oil. 10 coils rope; 62 kegs
nails, 208 ! bdls - paper, .15 cs coal oil, 120 lbs
lard; 556 lb^pepper, 1524 . lbs raisins; 059 lbs
bread. 226: lbs , tea;. 4.1. pkgs hardware, 168 pes
.pipe, 100 lbs butter. . 14 bxs paste, 25 bbls ce
ment, 19- pkers drusrs. 1 pkg machinery. ;¦ 400
colls barb. wire. 160 bales hav, 16 sks ¦ bran. '
21 ctls oats, 150 lbs beans,' 565 lbs hams and
bacon. ¦ ¦.-' '.?'"¦'. ¦-¦'.,¦ ¦ ¦ • ' • :
' For Ecuador— 600 bbls flour, lbale leather; ;
For Venezuela— 55 cs . canned ; goods. 201 cs
salmon. - ¦ ¦ . ,
•. For: Peru — 1000 bbls flour, .15 pkgs machln-'
fry. 5 cs rubber Roods. 2 ¦ cs electrical goods. 2
bales clothingr. 1466 lbs lard,' 8 bales dry eooda.
?763 lbs shrimps, 9 bales leather 2000 lbs
dried, fruits. ... \ ;.
For Port Stanley— 7 cs. canned fmlts.'l pkg
groceries, 4 cs dried; fruit. ';:¦¦:'.
Tha steamer Acapulco Balled yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $09,475, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $50,431; Central Amer
ica, $45,228; Panama, $3816. The cargo In
cluded the following merchandise and produce-
For Mexico— 150 bbls flour, 431 cs and 306
gals whisky, 73 pkgs paints and oils, 391 lbs
borax, 1628 bdls snooks. 198 lbs hams and ba
con, 20 pkgs potatoes, 66 pkgs hardware 118
tons coal, 24 pkgs groceries and provisions 6
kegs nails, 427607 feet lumber. 3 cs rubber
goods, 6 pkgs 'drugs, 130 fiks quicksilver, 85
bdls bags, 25 pkgs paper, 45 cs arms and am
munition, 6 bxs fresh fruits. 1064 gals and 14
cs wine, 37 pkgs pipe, 5 pkgs electrical goods
12 cs fuse, 67 bales dry goods, 29 pkgs liquors
450 pkgs machinery, 2 cs brandy 216 pkgs steel
and iron. 1050 pkgs sewer pipe, 6 cs blackberry
brandy. ......
For Central Amerlca- : *-3953 bbls flour 124
pkgs groceries and provisions,' 141 bales dry
goods, 112,849 feet lumber, 10 pkgs beer 11
pkgs drugs, 20 pkgs hardware, 3 pkgs machin
ery, 11 bales bags. 60 lbs dried fruits 2 bales
leather, 510 lbs beans, 10,505 lbs malt, 335 lbs
cheese. ¦ 3 cs hats, 1100 cs coal oil, 1716 lbs
hams and bacon, 147 lbs bread, 7854 lbs cod
fish, 30 cs" liquors, 2250 lbs millstuffs, 48 bales
cotton domestics, 320 lbs lard, 105 lbs hops - 5
bxs fresh fruits. 1 pkg car material. 8 tons
coal. . 7 tons coke. • 1 cs brandy, 26 cs canned
goods, 462 crs potatoes. .13 crs onions 51 bdls
paper, «i,620 lbs rice, 5 pkgs stationery, 12,547
lbs tallow, 1637 gals and 26 cs wine, 808 lbs
sago, 121 pkgs paints and oils, 625 lbs spices.
972 lbs tea, 1 10 ctls wheat, 30 cs tar, 1 cs sal
mon, 21 bxs paste, 50 lbs raisins, 9 coils ' rope,
1 bx soap, 180 lbs tobacco, 6 drums soda 150
kegs powder.' 30 ctls oats, -214 cs and 714 gals
whisky. 11 pkgs steel and iron.
For Panama — 180 bbls flour, 6000 gals wine,'
1000 bxs Eoap. 20 crs potatoes.
Tne Acapulco's Cargo.
The French bark Marie Molinos, which was
reported chartered for wheat to Europe, is now
reported free.
The British ship M. E. Watson loads wheat
at Taeoma for Europe at 35s Od. Chartered
prior to arrival.
The ship Chas. E. Moody is chartered prior
to arrival for lumber on Puget Sound for Cape
Town at 63s Od. 7 •
The British' bark Adderly Is chartered for
lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney, owner's
account.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Word was received yesterday from
Honolulu that the Alden Besse, which
sailed from, that port February 9 for San
Francisco, returned on the 11th leaking at
the rate of four inches an hour.
Alden Besse in Distress.
J. W. D. Moody, John Hughes, J. A. Cos,
M. W. Wannbaugh, Fritz Meyer. Mrs. M.
Martinez. Mrs. G. Martinez and Mrs. C. Alif at
and child. . ;.
The Pacific . Mail steamship Acapulco
sailed yesterday for Panama with the fol
lowing named passengers:
Acapulco tfeaves for Panama.
G. M. Stewart, A. Cohen, F. L. Crow. Mrs.
Gerlach, Miss Raglan, Mrs. N. Morelos, Miss
Eva Morelos, "Mrs. O. Farnsworth, John Me-
Alpine, J. A. McGilvray, Mies M. Hurtado,
Edwapdo Viales, WilHam F. Hare, T. Zellari,
D. R. Morris,- W. Beaty, Franclsca Marona,
William P. Walthers, David ¦ Blocmfleld and
Antonio Arella. . ; . . ¦
The steamship Guatemala sailed yes
terday for Valparaiso. She carried cabin
passengers as follows:
Guatemala Sails.
James Cannon, C. A. 'Brooks, R. Rasmussen,
W. W. Hall, Clarence Hare, Hans Baur, Mau
rice Hartnett, 'A. Jonson. J. Del'., A. Gibson,
J. M. Rodgers, James McCrum, Mrs. McCrum,
Antone J. T. White. Miss K.'Fink. Dr. B. R.
Hubbard, Mrs. J. P. Finan, A. S. Allen, E. F.
Boyle. C. Bushan, C. S. McCord, H. Anderson,
M. Keezer, J. W. Evans, Mrs. Kearney, W.
Ruddell, William Phelps, Charles" Anderson,
W. H. Harris, F. Amor, L. Young, -R. W.
Pratt, B. F. Sweeney, Robert Merrill. Phillip
Parra, James Martin, A. Johnson, S. O. Nich
ols. G. F. Davis and wife,' Grace Gamble,
William L. Noss, Mrs. A. Terrott, Charles
Williams, H. Clay Jordan, Mrs. L. F. Culver,
L. F. Culver, T. Dubock, Frank J. Murphy,
B. F. Taylor. C. R. - Whittimore, Hugh David
son, George Weir, Nellie Regan, Mrs. W. A.
Hallack, Lilly Buckley. Miss Ballard. n. G.
Stanley, Henry Surey, J. M. C. Dougal.
portunlty to get well acquainted with An
gel Island. The Umatilla encounters
terrific weather from Cape Flattery al
most to the Golden Gate and lor two day
was obliged to go along under a slow bell
The cabin passengers in quarantine are:
GRAYS' HARBOR— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr G
C Lindauer. hence Feb 13: schr Lizzie Vance,
hence Jan 30; schr San Buenaventura, hence
Jan 24; schr Reporter, hence Feb 4; brig Lur-
Une, from Altata.
Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Grace Dollar, for Hu
eneme; Btmr Melville. Dollar, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Signal, for
San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Pbrtland. Or.
Arrived Feb 18— Schr Eliza Miller. henc«
Feb 9. '- - • . - •
REDONDO — Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka. -
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro; schr J B Leeds, hence Feb 1;
Btmr Homer, hence Feb 17. • .
1 Sailed Feb 18 — Stmrs Pomona and Westport,
for San Francisco:, schr Joseph Russ. for San
Pedro. ¦
Arrived Feb 17 — Stmrs Pomona and News
boy, hence Feb 16.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb IS -
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood.
TACOMA — Arrived Feta 18 — Stmr Tampico,
from Seattle; stmr Czarina, from Seattle.
ASTORIA — Arrived ; Feb - 18 — Stmr Acme,
hence Feb 15^ Ger ehlpvBaxpbek. from Ham
burg; Br ship Queen Elisabeth, from Shang
hai., ' . • ¦-•" ¦'. .• ' -¦:- ¦ ¦
Sailed Feb 18 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Columbia, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed Feb 13— Schr Lucy, for
San' Francisco: schr Lily, for San Francisco;'
schr Dora Biuhm.for San Pedro. . -
Arrived * Feb • 13^-Schr ,¦ Beulab, from San
Pedro. • ' •¦ ::¦ ' '
PORT * TOWNSEND-^Arrlved Feb 18— Br
ship Lfiomene, from "Antwerp; ship Chas E
Moody and schr Robert Lewers, from Hono
lulu; *chr Alvena, from. San, Pedro; Br ship
M E Watson, from Iqulque.
Arrived Feb 18^-Br ship King George, from
Hiogo. ¦'..' »- ' ¦ - : .'- ,"
POINT REYESi-Passed Feb 18. 5:15 p m—
Stmr, Newbursr, from Grays Harbor, for San
Pedro.. ¦
NEAH BAY — Passed in Feb 18 — Stmr Santa
Ana, hence Feb 15, 'for Seattl*. .•
Passed outward — Br bark Howard T Troop,
from. Tacoma, for Queenstown: • schr Expan-.
sion, from Tacoma, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Coo*
Bay, hence Feb 15.
Sailed Feb 18 — Stmr Charles Nelson, for San
Francisco: stmr Coos Bay, for San Franciscc;
schr Challeneer, for Wlllapa" Harbor.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived j Feb 18— Ship
Oriental.' hence Jan 18.-. '
:¦'• Sailed ~ Feb 18 — Schr Expansion, for'- San
Pedro. ' '
ISLAND PORTS.
: HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 11— Bark Alden
Beese, from sea, ln distress, leaking 4 inches
per hour. - Feb • 12 — Stmr Sonoma, from Syd
ney. • -¦¦¦' -*-¦¦•"• i 1 ¦ ,.¦¦•',
Sailed Feb . 11 — U S stmr Thomas for Ma
nila,: via Guam. . ¦ ¦ - •
To sail , Feb 13, and not as'befors reported,
bark . HeeDer, for Fremantle. ¦' Feb 9 — Bark C
D Bryant, for San Francisco. .
- . Sailed Feb 8 — Bktn Newsboy, for Port Town
send: bark Andrew Welch, -for San Francisco:
Nor bark Prince Louis, for Royal Roads. - Feb
9— Bark Alden Besse. for San Francisco. .
Arrived Feb 8 — U S stmr Thomas, hence
Feb 1. : ; ; - ..
- KAHULUI— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Hyades, for
San ' Francisco, with 46.589 bags sugar. - Feb
4 — Stmr Tampico, for Tacoma,' with scrap Iron
and -brass. . ; . . ; • ¦ •¦• ¦%¦ ' ¦ '"-
MAHUKONA — Sailed Feb 5— Sktn Ruth, for
San Francisco, with 636,217 lbs sugar. -
EASTERN. PORT.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. NEW YORK— Arrived ! Feb IS— Stmr Alll
anca, from Colon. ¦• : •¦ .
YOKOHAMA^-Arrlved Feb lg— Jai> stmr
Hong:koi:B Maru. ¦ hence Jan 30. . .
TALCAHUANO— Sailed Jan 25— Br . bark
Procyon, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— In port; Jan 10— Br ship Tra
falgar, 1 for ¦ San Francisco. •
.VHIOGO— Sailed Jan 19— Br. ship King George
' HIOGO — Sailed Jan . 1&— Br ¦ ship ' King
Georpe," for' Port. Blakeley.'.
PORT SAID — Arrived Feb 18 — U S stmr Bu
ford,^ from Manila, 1 for New York.
• SUEZ — Arrived Feb 18— Br stmr Grosmont,
from Manila, for Boston.: • »¦
DUBLIN— Arrived , Feb 15 — Br ship Claa
Graham, hence Sept 12. , ¦ '
.. NANAIMO — Sailed Feb IS — Stmr San Ma
teo. for Port Los Anseles. ¦
\ MANILA— Arrived Feb 11— Nor stmr Smy-
ritv C T™^. IA rr A^ ved Fe^ 19— Stmr Queea
T-M-TVTTi? rk , Adderly> from Shanghai.
te g !ffi D fc5te? ort Jan 13 - Bark 1Jalmyra -
FLUSHING — Paasetl Feb 17— Ger stmr Elba
foT Urlted K'nBdom.
ror'i A n Y^^ife a o! ed Feb 1? ~ SUnr CUraCa °-
PAGO— In port Feb 4— Schr Alice Ma-
Donald, for San Francisco. ,
DUNGENE3S— Paa.ied Keb 13— Br shiD Ar
gus, from Hamburg, for San Francisco
HULI^- Arrived Feb lO^Ger shiD Adolf,
from Tacoma.
_/ VALPARAISO— Arrived Jan t>— ChH stmr
Palena. hence Sov . 2».
PISAGUA— Sailed Jan G— Br ship Marlon
Llghtbody,- *or San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— In port Jan 25— Schr
Alumna, for Honolulu; Br ship Corunna, fop
San Francisco; Br ship Crompton. for San
Francisco; bark Louisiana, for San Francisco:
bktn- Mary Wlnkelman, for Honolulu; bark
Pactolus. for Honolulu: ship Parirrrita, for
Honolulu and San Francisco; ship St Fran
cis, for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 7— Ship Alex Gibson, for Hono
lulu. Jan 10 — Schr Kins Cyrus, for Honolulu.
Jan 12 — Br bark Brunei, for Oresron; Br »h!p
Balclutfca, for San Francisco. Jan 20 — Schr
Ol ?a. for Honolulu.
SYDNEY— In port Jan 25— Schr Ariel, for
San Francisco, via ... Newcastte, Aus; bark
Haydn Brown, for San Francisco, via New
castle. Aus; ship Henry Falling, for Hono
lulu via Newcastle. Aus: ship Jabez Howes,
for San Francisco; bark Rufua E Wood, for
Newcastle, Aus; -ahip .Servia, for Honolulu,
via Newcastle, Aus; Br ship "W'estxate, for
San Francisco, via Newcastte, Aus.
AUCKLAND — Arrived Feb S — Schr Julia B
Whalen, from Samoa. • ¦ •¦ ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALU, WEDNESDAY*^' FEBRUARY 1 9, 1902.'
5
STATEMEINT
'+— OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ OF THE .
SECURITY TRUST
LIFE INSURANCE
OF PHIL.ADfiL.PHIA. IN THE *ST ATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1001. and for the year endinc on
that day; made to the Insurance Commhaloner
of the State. of California, pursuant tu the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Coda
of said State. - - -
j CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
. in Cash % 500,000.00
ASSETS.
Net ' value of Real Estate owned «-'
by the Company 11,033,000.00
Amount of Loans secured by Bond.
an* ' Mortgage on Real Estate.. 123.6C0.0O
Premium note * and loans in any
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force. . : 60,^33.-13
Cash' market value of all Stocks .
and Bonds owned by the Com- .
pany 241.036.CO
Amount of Cash on hand in Com- - -
pany's office - 611. Oh
Amount of cash deposited ln Banks 32.S&.33
Interest due and accrued.. '.'. U.415.70
Agents' Ledger Balances 36,395.22
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess ' of collection/ and of de-
- ferred premiums 104.183.19
Cash loans to policy holders on
, this Company's . . policies as-
signed as collateral . . '. . . 30, 526 . 30
Chestnut-Street National Bank... 12. tm. <S»
- ' Total Assets '.. :$l,C7T,030.16
- - • ::. LIABILITIES. . . -~~~
' Claims for death losses and *ma-
-¦ tured ¦ endowments In process of . K •><
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due ...:..:.....: % 69.335.34
Claims resisted by the Company.. 2S.50O.VO
Net present value of all the out-
. standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables ot Mortality, with
'fonr per cent interest... 1.128.203.72
Taxes. Bills, etc ...-..»." .*r. . . .». .'. . . l.SSS . 08
Present value of unpaid ' amounts
- on matured installment policies.' 23,334.00
All other liabilities 1 17,215.01
.. Total Liabilities ..$1.263.476Tli
INCOME. ~
Cash xeceived for premiums on ' ¦ '
new during the year. ...$ 151,9-11.02
Cash received for renewal of prc- ; % ¦
miums during the year. . . -'-.--- C31.79t.49
Cash • received for : interest j 22.200. S-'t
Cash received for rents....-..'.:.... 163,175.55
Received ;for reinsuring, risks of,
American Union Life Ins. Co:.:. ? •206,611.53
Received from all other sources.. *\-i 1.S16.75
Total Income ..'..:. $1. 177.537. 4T
.•EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid ior losses and matured
endowments . .$ 500,572.62
Cash paid for surrendered policies. 13,330. Ou
Cash paid for dividends to policy-
holders -.'.• ,... 14G.S2
Commissions paid to agents — , . '. . 134.025.70
Salaries and other compensation' of
• officers ...and employes, except
* agents. and medical, examiners.. 37.0S5.75
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies ........ 3.246. 13
Medical • examiners' fees a,nd ' sal-
aries 13.SS7.52
Cash paid for. taxes. ..'.; rz. .'.v:.'.. lS.30«.42
Cash paid for rents :........... 22.340.05
Cash Daid for commuting commts-
sions, •'.•:,;:..:."'.:.¦*".. ..r^irrrfr:*"; 3,700. co
AH ; other cash . payments (specify-
ing) ..............:. ... 213,400.40
Total ' > expenditures during *
•the year $ 0O2.SM7.5O
' ROBERT E.' PATTISON. ; President.
O. Al CRAINE,r Secretary.
'. Subscribed and . sworn to' before me this SU» .
day of February, 1902.
VINCENT BOSEMON.
, CommlssToner for .California In New York.
¦ G^-EMP6^UJ^>V THE' EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
- Special Sale Meiha *y** gif # Dress Gingham Sale I
Combination Suits, J^o^^^/^^ril^^ a Wednesday Bargain. $
A great bargain for Wednesday— ladi«* natural gray, two- 6L_^ 7 £Ki i~J$Ctfil&J a jUl&M / tIL For to-day' S economic purchasers w= offer nearly 2500 yards '5
. • thirds .«_o:>I combination suits; buttoned acron the , .houlder , .^^- MM '^^>^^ M r,ZJ*^;^ : of neat Dress Ginghams; ia' dark colors principally- eood %
•tyle; Jersey nbbcdj fita like « glove; high neck and long * ,. Ill ¦¦ for children's wear, wrappers, aprons etc • ar.d all marked "*
sleeves; ankle length; regularly $1. 75 rf* + , gbffb -aKyUM^yi^^'^AlVlERICA'S GRANDE5T STO ' at the fast selling price, 'per yard ../.'... «-^ •*
suit; sale price. . . .... . . . %^Bv%Jf& —m^tm-^ - ....... t . \ 4&G «
: . , '¦' -. '. " \ .... — '• : ': ".'• ; '• y ' — — — — — •' — '¦ — \ ; — : : '.' i
Sl H CS^t^h G S f A 3-Dmys w Clothing Salo. special Sale g
n', V- . "! andi.Friday Only. . V ; ;', :. r ... _ in stylish/ up-to-date patterns, in the several %
Two small lots ; or very ptetty hemsutched xy ' "'^V . , >: ,. , ~ ., ~-j , ... /. . . . new shades of 'blues acd reds and Men' « •*
squares; suiublc for small ablet or.; the center YoUK QlOlCe of JOO Metl S Stilts T1l.lt- Cite ¦ WoHh $15*00 Golf Shirr, mad e of Ltf p-^ki wkh *
... of ia r g ? ubics; w e r e pck C d:up by. our .buyer forfio. 5o-^\n this "'.lot-will be found i all popular .fabrics; p laited regu-ar ii.oo ;5
; ; wT^aS Sk'So-S •° n worsted chev^cassimerea and tweed, in the new pattern, (stripe," checks and V plaid,), . a, R K: k SSC f
. Wednesdays a httle more than half,;.. : v as t ' he mOre sober blue and black doths;', workmanship is first-lass and alteration, with- ut Bov * G . oFf »Wl-Made ot good quality per- |
3 o-inch a!l-linen Squares, with -3 hem- charge to insure a per ect fit; special price-ior the three days'. . . . ... *£ 4 jf» «•#» cale » ln a larEe " ! °rt«»ent cf neat patterns, £
stitch; not stamped; worth 85c; _ ... ../. ..'. ,\ .- ! ;.".: '..•; ..'. -*: .".;-. -i% ¦'. '<. '. / K& B %J> a *3 %& particularly well made garments, . with cuffs .T
for. '.'.'¦• ..-P.. . .'. . , VwC ¦ ¦ •- ¦' ¦¦• . '¦ '-i' ¦>."-; • • : . ' ' • to match; worth easily 75c each- J" •
3o : mchail-rnen squared, with i^-mch '..hem- ChotCeof ' 100 yMfl'S UVerCOOtSy th at dM PVortk. $ I $ .00 on Wednesday ,. . G7C" ¦$
i^v-*5™^^-V :^^^«i»ii; ' Back for jf 0.50— .-. _ . . — ~r m '5
floral des.sns; worth 6oc; sale price J»C ini. B finished wo«ted S ; cherrots, . covens and vicunas; in tan,., black and ..Oxford grays; every Wednesday - Sale Of *
1 : r— — . garment is fashionable and thoroughly reliable; special price for three 1 £fS'<?^B ¦ BS /^> 8^ — — - - * r-» -- BifS * » •?
¦ ' eiiiSSSf ¥%£i% ~*-- : «ch ...... v. ...::;. ........ ... . Popular- Musis* .5
&PUUWJ &&SG Of , ¦¦— - , r ' . •• ,, ;;..; • /_ ; . ( , ., ... -. . , _ The very ' popular Creole BelVs March and. *
Table Knives Choice of 200 Boys Two- Piece Suits Wort/tat Least $4 Each Tw O -,te P that we sen « g uiiri y # '«
aoo .et. ofjohn Russeir. celebrated Grl River in •' either .-double-breaste'd style or the . r? <°m v<™ to fy - • • *5c *
• 'Works white bo.ie handled -Table Knives: . vestec design from d-sirable woolen fabrics; all new Spring patterns and col- *£*£ 5^J5 ** ' - TT 5
that a trade chance brought toAir at much ori ?S'; "out suits that wDl give good wear; ipsciaUj pneed for the three days C» UrOCClTteS —LsqUO9*S *
¦ £S «ie h we^sd?o;iy^ Boys' Long-Pants Suits Cut io : All-wool blue Wednesday Sales. 5
*\ ¦ ¦¦:*>: - 1 -- riL :•!' ¦'¦ ' _: ,'¦ v-^"'. 'ch'eviats and in a handsome assortment of other fabrics in tne new Spring effecti; coats are made c p «« *"»«#*>«»»•»-.*,«._ Wf j &
Set Of SSXy $1.23* broad ¦mfflaiy-thouldeii; s'zes for boys II to 19 year, of age; '¦; ggJV A B- fc f f , b ta **O''» Wednes-
' ' ""' - "" ' — _ . ¦ ipecialypticcd for the three days ........... . . . . . . : *j$ m 3'm Zf %9 „¦' ' r «rr.'- 'rZ ' "i",', '.' ' * tS ° %
;- v . . • ¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦ ' ' -r v .*\. r . r "• :j' - ¦ : ; ¦ 7^ ¦ ¦ r ¦ . Kona Coffee -Our popular Hawaiian, Wednes- S
Peart Buttons, 4y 2 c, Bovs r^ P da?r i'! b _w; '\ • Wo Z
We have bought a hundred gross of White Pearl : -color percales'; in handsome dark and light patterns; deep sailor collar,; well made* OO^u Kear ' ln! Wednesday, 3 lb. package, for 25o «J
; Bottons that would be good value at, ioc per 50c waists;" priced for three days only," each .....'......-.'.... . Oa^M^S Ghirardc.Ii s Chocolate - Ground, i-lb. ti is, jt
dozen j in an assortment of the four most-in- ; : - ¦--." - :''-•' ¦'¦¦.'- ' - ' ' •' ' to-day. ....... . .;_ > m . 2So '5
'demand; sizes,: 16, 18, 20 and xz lines, . . " .; • . AI « ka Salmon— Best, to-day, 3 tins. . 3 jO %
which we shall offer at special sae on \- . Q . P/Iq^S HOSiefV liOm InCandeSCOnt LSlttO Shrmps-Pansv brand, a de kious article for £
Wednesday only; Card of 2 doz. for, 5JC ,, , j i- »* 'T> "c t. m '¦*' \m jm *± salads, to-day, 1 tin, OS*» 5
' . ., M.n^s good quality Maco Yarn Socks, Complete for 49C. Ovst r,-i-lb tins wY ~/ t Z
h ~—~ . .¦ blidc;grbund, with .white polka dot«, ,,— .„.„ , J W":™— l ' lh - Ons ' w^nesday only, 3 u-, . •«
; __ ;,-'• _l^ - ¦¦»¦(¦ . • ¦¦ - . . . , , 1 ' ¦ • t - • j To-day, only we ¦ will sell you complete ready- 9Sn «
fc&CtAci+£ 4f*% ' ¦ avcrys>ghtlyandgood^weannghose;prced t^ ut . 6^ extmes I com?]etc l ncinde3 . Duffy's Metiidnal Tllit «
• '*frt _ -^.1 _?» v , » ¦ *" '':'.'¦ ¦¦'¦¦ ' "¦ "¦" ' *- ¦'¦- * '' - ( green ..fluted 'shade and the celebrated 20th Wednesday only, bottle 76 O «
.KCnOWnS;'^. 1 :^^- / . "BeSn M £m»im*r*^ tin Century, -. double frame and cap mantel. Port or Sherry— Extra AA, rceu'arlv «i -o X
"Owls," FOR laC LiningS BWC,. These mante,ls are easHy put on and g'vs 100 gallon, to-day XfOS *
' ( /'^ BEQ J» Black Periian Velour Llring— 34 inches wide, candle power light. They hang in center of Domestic Poiter— Bes: of local* productions «
Nat nfin ifaJeA J ¦ • Mr I CL watered effect, a special purchase of nearly a frame aiid do not bend from heat. This is Wednesday, per dozen 87c %
II 4-ti* "'-'"'' i~ '"? f y~"^m* ¦ thousand yards marked for special sale a good 70c value; for Wednesday jm q Extra Old Brandy (Guaranteed 6 years} A •*•
a.11 Xrll6_ WCCK '^Bf.V^ 1 ' Wednesday. .:'¦ ......... B» C only. . . ...... ... . *r*SC snap at Wednesday's price, bottle : . Q J a •*
Ban Francieco, Wednesday, 19 February, 1902.
I fhrcd finishes, $650
I p ¦ : — ' '—— — . _ — '-j. - — : o -
p The woman : who would enjoy convenience and -comfort
f! while writing must have a modern writing desk. That it
H need not be elaborate nor expensive is demonstrated . in the
M desk pictured above. This desk is dainty in 1 construction,
g finished nicely and equipped with pigeonholes, etc. There is
8 a bit of carving on the cover and the front board is curved, i ¦
fi The dimensions axe as follows: Height, 39 inches; width, 28
|| inches, depth 16 inches. . .
k # You may have this desk in oak, golden finish, birch, imi-.
I] tation mahogany finish, or birdseye maple at the same price,
U $6.50. / :u ... s
| b We reiterate the words, "Just as welcome to look as to
buy."
Tuesday, March 4th— ah event of unusual importance.
Details later. .
. o— ¦ ¦ : O :;¦-.¦ .'-'
((Successors to California Furniture Co;) ; i
a 957 to 977 MarKct Street, 6pp. Go!dcn Gate; Avenue. ]
*?&(£
REDUCTION Wml
This is a convincing sale. People who It
come to •look are instantly convinced of • // flHsSSSB £§13
the great values we are giving, and they // On vbhI
invariably buy. It's a record breaking // B§2s7
sale— that's certain. Better come imme- • // ¦ ' JH^* : ?^H'"I
diatelyand get the .benefit of these: low' li H
MEN'S OVERCOATS. I W[ 1
Regular S1O.OO Overcoats, special at. .86.8." rCC5afe=?rq fr?M J^. B
Regular, S12.5O Overcoats, special at.. $7.S5 T^TtrmM rSi I
. -Regular $15.00 Overcoats, special at.. $S.O5 ttWWWWWQk £88 ~ ' "^ I
I These coats are all the latest styles, snappy \M\\\\\\\\^ J^W - fl
Mn appearance, and well made. <^M<V\Vl^JS^^B - " I
A Union Casslmere,' $1. 50 : at ':.. L.'.V. •..'... - O5c "" "~ 3
r , All- Wool, Casslmerc,- $2.50, at. ..".....;. .81.SS -'-.-' "¦ " '-T * .\-~V.v 3
'¦', ;'¦, Ail-Wool 1 Worsted, $3.50,'. at: . ; . . . . . . ... 3.45 A
'¦ Imported -Worsted.- $4.00, : at..". .".'... ¦.....'.... 1. 2.9% g
:.- ' Elegant Dress Pants,- $5.00,' at... .. ..."....:..'..:.. ....................' 3.15 . • ¦
' '¦-. -'.This is '"positively f a .perfect slaughter of values at prices that are §
> Don't, fail to take advantage of .this great opportunityl g
.. ,; -,. WHITE 1. SHIRTS, Vwortli .75c and $i.on. at 2*»c - . . , |
CORNER FIFTH AND MARKET STRBBTS, I
; £o!c Agtnt« for CARHARTT'S UMON'MADE OVERALLS- JWashington City boasts that she -has not had a
municipal scandal in twenty-five years, but then she
has had no real self-government and ought to; be
held accountable for all the scandals in Congress.
It is but a short time since air Australia was re
joicing over the accomplishment of federation, and
yet it is "now said that Queensland ' is already dis
satisfied and U talking about secession.
The quarrel among. the powers of Europe *.3S -.to
which was most friendly to us during, the": Spanish
war is amusing to our ears, but probably Spain would
; like to be heard from. :, :> • :
MARU— L. -W. ,H., Alcatraz.SCal: The
word "maru," /used*: in T ; connection
; Japanese .vessels, 1 ; means : merchant.^.When
the'-'word .1','niaruV .•; follows | the ¦ name ? of 1 a*
vessel; it." signifies I that the' vessel ; belongs
to 'the! merchant 1^ marine, '• and ' if - the ..word
t'lcan"^ follows K. the V name - it j means " that,
the v .ves"selV belongs to the navy ; depart
ment;' .¦ : ¦ .-. ;•;¦:'¦ ' .:
. A 'MINOR— J.- C. V. W. Tour request
for a" reply; by, mall in regard to the query
asked ' was" ;: complied ti with '•' and *¦'. the • let-7
1 . ter mailed ; two : days after receipt of your
(letter. !' If you had r been*; a." reader of ' thi.s
'department i you \ would- have ; found that
the ."question; wasials'o: answeredi;dn : the
day t you 'i wrote, ¦ letter" asking w why. ; your
query. was not answered.' '-.•-.. "-.;
•'./pAciFic ¦whaltngVcompant-o.
N.r City. 1 To . obtain the! names of . the' of-,
NORTHERN, LIGHTS-^W. A.: S., City.
No ;.- aurora'; borealls '-or j northern ,'; lights
have been ; seenl in -Sanf Francisco • In the
" past twenty- years.";..- Such ¦ llghtsjwere seen
1 from this point and ' many* qther { points in
this - State ' about thirty.,' years ' ago.
fleers of the Pacific Steam Whaling Com
pany; you will - have ; to . direct ' a letter of
inquiry to 1 the office . of the company in
the city:of New York. The company haa
not' changed its name, but the Pacific
Packing and Navigation : Company has
been made a part of ; it.^.
STRAIGHT T F. D... City. ' In poker the
straight is a sequence * of 'five cards as
for instance seven, eight, nine, ten and'
knave of . any suit, i . An ace in , this hand
may; be- either the > highest ; or the lowest
card, but i cannot "; be in an Intermediate
position,. ever. .For; instance: Ace kins
<iueen.-;knave, : ; ten . is the highest straight
and five, four, three, two and ace Is tho
lowest, , while : king,,; queen, /ace, two and
three is not a sequence at all." The value
of a straight is decided by the top card
and -when, two "or -more straights icome
together the one .which * ha* .the : highest
card wins. The straight royal flush is thi>
highest "of all the: bands.
; .. . — : "* T " m ' i ' ' ' " .
; H'OTE^ DEL.; CX>RONADO, choicest Winter
Resort in the world,, offerf best living, climate
boating, } bathing, • Hshing h and ? moat amused
ments. . E."! S. ; Babcock. : manager. Coronado, Cai
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
¦ HONOLULU, Feb. ! 1L— During the last
two days the Governorship of Hawaii has
still been the sole topic, of discussion. It
is felt that .. Colonel Sam ' Parker Is now
entirely • out of ' the running. Mr. Bald
win, -who has the large Spreckelaville su
gar property on his hands, is almost sure
to decline- the . honor' of being Governor,
so that a. discussion of other candidates
has been in order.; The natives are by.no
means .wedded to Parker, : but would be
even more satisfied with Hon.* S. ! M. : Da
mon, who is' head of : the banking-house
of Bishop & Co. Another man who would
be acceptable to , the natives . is George
Willcox of Kauai,' though they would pre
fer, Damon,' and the : latter would- not-be
opposed by any of the business interests.
They ari» .•willing • to take anybody but
Judge" Little.7* i : . J;. • ' ';•";-,;. ..
.; The': "outs'.' havej suddenly become very
silent.^'-' As one : of them ' said to-day,
"Things.are in a terrible muddle." : A se
cret" conference of the Little men was held
in a lawyer's office, when a.' Washington
campaign" of ' action ..was decided ' upon,
and a: policy of silence was imposed upon
Judge ;LJttle," who now supplants Parker
as the favorite "against Dole. To those
who 'know; Little' his silent policy is very
amusing/and he is staying at a hotel sev
eral miles from .town, perhaps to be the
better out of temptation.
Governor Dole.
NATIVES FAVOB, DAMON.
Sossip Concerning a Successor . for
In the last century all ladles carried
smelling bottles, and no fashionable dame
would venture from her home without her
bottle, lest her toilet be deemed Incom- '
plete.
The savins of a few cents on a bottle of Va
nilla Extract will not atcne for annoyance of
havins dessert "Just a little oft" in flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, the standard quality.
Carter has been a leading figure In isl
and politics for. four years. He is a son
of the late. H. A. P. Carter, who was at
one time Hawaiian. Minister to the United
States. He is the head of the Hawaiian
Trust Company and hold interests in the
Hawaiian Electric Company. Ho has
been Identified with. the missionary . move
ment in the islands and has the reputa
tion of being a reformer. '
any adverse report he might*, make and
forwarded it to the President. This state
ment is how en route to Washington and
it ; will be in President Roosevelt's hands
before Carter is enabled to reach that
city. The intimation is that Carter's re
port .will be one-sided, and whether the
written statement will be accepted In pref
erence to Carter's verbal one remains to
be seen, j That the political division in the
islands relative to the removal of Presi
dent Dole ' and the appointment' of Par
ker as his successor is marked there can
bd no Question.
The heiress who changes places . with
her maid to find out how it feels to ba
poor discovers 'a new world of content
ment, such as she never entered into her
life as a society girl. " •¦ :
Special ¦ information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
honolulu politician who
' .goes to washington "to
see roosevelt: t\V'
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound; in fire-etched boxe3 or Jap. bas
kets.' A nice present for Eastern friends.
eaa Market st.. Palace. Hotel building. * »*r 1 i
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.*
"It is reported that you are to-be Par
ker's private secretary in the event of his
appointment as Governor to succeed Dole.
Is that^true?"
"I have nothing to say." , ¦-¦ .
. Receive ? Callers Coldness.
Senator Carter - muttered something
about having heard considerable - about
the; enterprise and "' persistence of ;-' the
American newspaper man, and that he
was convinced i his information in this re
spect .was not' misleading. He consented
to say,^however, that he would ultimately
leave San Francisco : for New- ¦YorkT.' He
was . not quite : certain .when he ; would
make the - journey . across the continent^
but thought it would be "within a day or
two.": •
' "Are* you going to Washington V ¦ was
asked. - . '
"I don't' know yet whether my Itinerary
includes that very \ interesting city," he
replied, as with a wave of , the hand and
a "so long" he dashed Injto ¦ an elevator
and disappeared.
:¦ Carter is a young man, 30 or so, of ath-,.
letlc build .and a good dresser. ¦ He -wears
glasses , and is" smo'oth shaven. - When v ad^
dressed by strangers he _ exhibits surprise
and assumes, an irritation of manner which
may bo' foreign to; hlni. when among ,'hia
own" V clientele ..of; acquaintances .-. ; and
friends,' who are not likely to startle him.*
He' seemed " to have prepared i, to
meet 1 with , coldness ; the. advances ;o£ ; re-
porters,, and, like many, persons who for
the : moment . are in. the ."public eye," . lie
evaded '. every effort '¦ made ¦ to -extract .. in
formation'?. from " him : with '• the ' general
statement; that /he had nothing^ to 'say
and', an', air 'as if all the secrets of the na
tion; bad suddenly been. . placed in .his
keeping. - : Scant .courtesy {was ¦ ehown^ by
him ;to ; various ; persons who .called' upon
him V last ; night; . and ' the * impression \ cre- r
ated^thereby .was"- nbt flattering to Carter
or^to I the importance ; of I the mission .with
which -he Is Intrusted and which evidently
has ..very 'favorably "impressed him * with
himself. : • .
. Statement on Way to. President. >
?. Carter left Honolulu on" the 11th 'in.? t.
A'few days prior to that event the leaders
of the , party which \ ia .antagonistic to Car
,ter. ; : and hla ' following : prepared a - state
ment, of .i their " own ¦ In ¦ order to * head : off '
"That is a matter I do not care to dis
cuss," responded Carter .coldly. "I havs
nothing to say concerning my trip to tho
United States." , . . . •' ' \
HAWAIIAN - SENATOR GEORGE
: R. CARTER, one ¦ • "of the best
known politicians and business
men ; of Honolulu , ; was among the
. » passengers of ; the steamship Sono
ma, which arrived here yesterday. Carter
Is reported to have Jco~5j.e?to' the United
States for the purpose ' of per
sonally to President Roosevelt on the po
litical' situation in the -islands. /
i "This -report is v untrue.'V said the- Sen
ator, to "a Call, reporter, at' the; Palace last
night. 7 "I am here , on ! private and , not
public business of any kind." _':_."
"Isit not true. that the President re«
quested you to come to ¦ Washington to
advise 'him' as to -current affairs in the
islands? 1 * was asked.
The scheme is vast, but it is none too vast for the
progressive men who have built up the great Ameri
can fortunes that are the wonder of the world. Ac
cordingly we may indulge the hope that it will be
carried out on the scale that has been suggested. It
could not be possible in any other Jand, but in the
United States it may be realized .within a year.
Should the plan be carried out on the scale pro
posed it will be the greatest educational enterprise
ever undertaken by private munificence. It would
also be vastly beneficial, for it would carry help to
colleges where help is most needed. Instead -of
building up a few great universities, as has been the
tendency of ' millionaire philanthropists in the past,
it would aid the smaller institutions and give every
section of the country a share iiV the munificence of
the contributors.
While the enterprise has not yet been definitely
organized, it is said to be fairly well matured and
lias bright prospects of immediate success. More
than a dozen men of large wealth, including \wo of
the Rockefeller family, are reported to have given
it their approval and to have pledged several millions
of dollars to be paid into the fund as soon as organi
zation has been effected^ Moreover, it is added that
the details have been so far worked out that it is de
cided the central board shall consist of fifteen mem
bers and that tile president shall be William H. Bald
win Jr., president of the Long Island Railway Com
pany, a gentleman who has shared in Southern edu
cational work and is familiar with the needs of that
section.
various States by branch organizations. Carrying
out the original' idea, the efforts of the central body
will be directed for^a time mainly to the South, but
when the immediate needs of that section have been
supplied, then the revenues will be devoted to other
sections.
REPORTS from the East announce that there
has been undertaken in New York, in the in
terests of education, a philanthropic move
ment which is expected to far exceed all that has
been done in the past, even in the foundation by pri
vate munificence of such great universities as Stan
ford and Chicago. The plan is to establish a fund for
the promotion of education generally throughout
the country and to use the interest of it for all time
to come to assist communities that are in most need
of assistance.
The enterprise is said to be the outcome "of a re
cent discussion concerning the needs of the" South
in the way of higher education. While. Northern
and Western colleges have received large endow
ments from private sources, those of the South have:
not been so fortunate. Of the many millions of dol- !
lars given last year for educational purposes by gen
erous men and women, the Southern States received^
very little. The result has been the development of
a wide difference between the educational advan
tages of the South and those of the rest of the coun
try, and it is now recognized that the general good
of the republic requires that something be done to
help the South forward in order that her people
may have something like equality with those of other
sections in this respect
Out of that consideration came a movement di
rected first to obtaining contributions for Southern
colleges, but later on it was expanded into the pres
ent plan of forming a permanent fund for assisting
whatever section of the country may be in need of
better educational facilities. The plan now proposed
is to establish a central educational board, which
will direct in a general' way the work to be done in
FOR GENERAL EDUCATION.
."I notice, my. dear, that a process has
been discovered wh'ereby glass is made
soluble and turned into a. liquid that can
be applied to all Bort3 of surface /with a
brush, just like paint."
"Did you ever! Wouldn't that make a
just too lovely face enamel?"— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"Don't you ever run out of material tor.
plays?" asked the admiring: friend. . '„
"Great Scott, no!" exclaimed the prolific
writer of burlesque operas. "Look at this
pile of blank paper and all these ¦writing
Implements, will you?"— Pittsburg Press.
This is the time when dull "distress
Must yield to song and joke.
You feel flush of happiness.
But otherwise you're broke.
_i _ ' - —"Washington* Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WEDNESDAY- . ... 1; . .1 .v.". FEBRUARY 10,1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
ktenti All CesunssiettioBS to W, S. LEAKE, Ktnager.
JIAXAGElfS OFFICB ....... Telephone Pre»» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Mnrket and Tlilrd, S. F.
Telephone Pre**.,201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to SS21 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pres* 2O2.
DeUrered toy Carriers, X3 Centu Pe* Week. ? ,
.. Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms bj- Mall, Including Postage 1
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), one year .$6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months. 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months... 1-50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month. • 65c
SUNDAY CALL, On« Year - lw
WEEp-Y CALL, One Y«ar... .........'......¦. ••••• I- 00
All postmasters are authorised to receive '
»nbscrintion«.
Sample -copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address ehould be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their reQUtst.
OAKLAXD OFFICE .............. X118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGXESS,
X&atger Torelgn Advertising, Karjuett* Building. Ckle»g».
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO\. -i r ... Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
gTEPHE\ B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hiil Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Ifotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel..
WASUIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OC G St., X. "W.
SIORTOX IS. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
' until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9 :30 o'clock. W41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. . 2261
Market, come Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock, j 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock.. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until- 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
THE CANAL CONTROVERSY.
Republican leaders in Congress are reported to
have made up their minds to carry, at this session an
isthmian canal bill, the Repeal of Avar revenue
taxes, the Philippine tariff, bill and some measure for
increasing our trade with Cuba/ The programme is
good/ but the last item will bear watching, and fortu
nately there are ; plenty of vigilant people " to do it.
The California Club's department of
civics enjoyed an interesting session yes
terday. It was one of those entertaining
programme days. Herbert "W. Lo-»i3 gavs
an address upon "Punishment and Refor
mation." Mrs. Falconer of Chicago talked
upon the subject of "The Juvenile Court."
. • • .•
Mrs. Richardson Clover, nee Miller, is
at the Palace Hotel temporarily. She *s
on her way from "Washinston to her ranch
in Napa County.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome A. Hart are again
In the" city after an extended trip south
ward.
• • ¦ •
Allan Wallace of New York Is now visit
ing Emil Brugulere at Monterey.
* • •
Miss Jeaxette Newman was "at home"
yesterday, afternoon and received a large
number of callers at her home, £20 Clay
street. '.,'•'. -•' ,
Mrs. Louis S. Haas was '.'at home" yes
terday at 2361 Sutter street and many
friends were received, having been Invited
to meet Mrs. A. Stern of Chlcaso.
Mrs. Samuel Crlm, Mrs. Burton Hullns?.
Mrs. F. CorblsM, Miss Nellie Carpenter .
Miss Minnie Evans, Miss Allison Carpen
ter, Miss Camilla' Meyer, Misa Florenca
Duggan, Miss Florence Pippy, Miss Trixia
Lyons, Miss Alice Gardner, Miss Nellie
Lyons and Miss Virgie Foltz of New York.
• • • . ¦
s Mrs. James G. Irwin was hostess at a
pretty luncheon yesterday at her resi
dence, 2180 Washington streat. Mrs. Her
man Oelrichs was guest of honor.
* •'-¦¦'• . . •
Miss Nellie Lyons was hostess at an lit
formal tea on Tuesday afternoon given at
her residence, 2120 Central avenue, m
honor of MI33 Gardner, whose engagement
is shortly to be formally announced.
Those Invited to meet Miss Gardner were
Mrs. S. Bachman and daughter, Mrs. J.
M. Loewe, gave. a pretty tea yesterday
afternoon, at. 1509 Gough street. One hun
dred and fifty guests -were entertained.
Music was provided and ref re3nznent3
were served* The decorations were, elab
orate and costly. The dining- roqm wa3
done In American Beauty roaes, and In the
wlnerocm were pink bridesmaid roses and
lilies of the valley. One of the drawing
rooms was made eapedalljrattractlve with
red tullps. t Everything .for the , tea was
well appointed in every^ particular."
It became necessary, to send a military force across
these northern alps to test the question of penetra- .
bili.ty of the country by a foreign enemy, for, these
are stirring times^in the East, and Japan has a manly
part to play, which can be maintained only by know
ing all her offensive and defensive resources. Of old
her people marched down the Korean Peninsula, not
only blazing a; path but claim-staking a, country
against the day. they might come back. Then they \
crossed the narrow waters to conquest the Ainos and
their islands. Korea and Manchuria are of immense
interest to them, and they are ready to" fight against
the servile subjection' of either with the same stub
bornness that they will put into defense of their own
islands. So it became necessary to know what an
invader, could do in Awomori, and " this must be
known by experiment. Aforce of infantry was sent
to make the test. Each man seems to^have known
the purpose of the expedition". No doubt each was
firm in the patriotic belief that no other could suc
ceed where he failed and that no other could follow ¦
where he succeeded.
In those far alps they met the enemy that con
quers conquerors* the foe that beat Bonaparte back
from Russia and that long before had penned Han
nibal up in Italy. Winter fell upon Hanabe and
Yakoda. Snow and tempest choked the mountain
passes. The swollen 'streams chanted dirges. The
demon of the Yi was abroad, but. the troop of sol :
diers faced their duty until all but seven perished in
the frost and tempest. It is plaintive and pitiful, but ;
heroic, that the few who lived forgot their frozen
feet and hands and faces and reported that through
out the march their military discipline was main
tained; every man obeyed his commander as long
as he could cling to life, and then saluted the stan
dard of his country and fell dead into bis sepulcher of
jMGyz. Xenophon and his ten thousand Greeks made
no more glorious record. Grecian pluck did not ex
cel the spirit of those patriotic islanders.
They are not imitators. They are ( original: They
never read the Anabasis nor the heroic history of
the Spartans, v;.-' . " '.. -• <¦' :,¦>£¦
i In the Chino-Japanese war an old father had sent
two sons to the army. After the , battles had beguri
one son wrote to him: "When brother and I joined
our regimient we promised each other that if either
met his death before reaching the gates of, Peking
the survivor should carry the dead .within the walls
of China's capital. But my brother is already slain
and we are yet far away from the great' city. In or
der to fulfill my vow I have cut-off a portion "of
brother's body,' which I carry, in my 1 cap,- so that
when Tenter the walled city his spirit will behold
and be glad." The old father read the letter and
smiled, saying, "Well done, my son." A widow sent
her only son to that patriotic war, and when news
came that he had fallen on the Manchu plains her
friends came to sympathize, but she repulsed them
gently, crying, "Widow ' though I am, I count it a
privilege to give' my only son to die for the honor of
his Emperor and his country."
That widow had never read:
Bight sons Demoeneta at Sparta's call
Sent forth;-one tomb received them all.
No tear she shed, but shouted "Victory! '
Sparta, I bore them but to die for thee." .
- The Japanese mother had never heard of Sparta.
Her sacrifice and her spirit were alike original.
:.It is evident that if we wish to see our. classics re
vived in action we may turn to the Orient, where
they arc acted as faithfully, as we stage a drama.
Delegate Wilcox of Hawaii has but slight chance
to make a reputation for himself at Washington, but
he has made a bid lor "popularity among his col
leagues by proposing the adoption of a bill doubling
the salaries of Senators and Representatives and
handsomely increasing that of every other official at
the capital. . .
But Japan is mountainous. Its ranges are not the
moderate hills of Pentland nor the more pronounced
Trossachs. They are alps. " From. Fujiyama, the
king of them all, the ranges and , summits stretch
away north to' Awomori, above which tower Iwaki,'
Hanabe, Iraha and their snow-clad company. A
railroad v.*inds along the eastern edge of this range
from Taketogo, and the Gulf of Ise, and Fukuyama,
on the Inland Sea,* to the northern bay of Awomori. •
It passes in sight of the central alps, of Yarigatake,
the Japanese Matterhorn, Norikura, the saddle
mountain, and the other, knights and squires in snow
helmets" which wait upon King* Fuji.
nia its moisture.
MEAGER fragments; of a great story come
from Japan. We constantly think of Japan
as a tropical .country, or at least semi
tropical. The story of its '¦. flowers . has .been often
told, and among our finest exotics, we have the flow-,
cring. cherry, quince and peach from that land where
flower worship is a cult, and so we think of it as sun
kissed and warm. So it is, but riot. as the tropics,
for the archipelago has nearly the same latitude as
the British Isles and goes quite as far north. It owes
its verdure to the sarae^ influence as guards that of
Great Britain and makes Ireland the Emerald Isle—
the equatorial. current, which also brings to Califor-
A JAPANESE XENOPHON.
HIS HAUGHTINESS,
CARTER OF HAWAII
the bill were -taken up itijthe^House it would pass by
a ' practically unanimoiVs^TOte.''; • ;.
There are' a good many-unjustifiable attempts now
pending before Congress -to .rake the treasury, in^the
interests of undeserving'. salaryjgrabbefs, ;but -this , is '¦;
rTotVpncbf them." - The le'tter' carriers merit a better
treatment and a higher pay than they are now receiv
ing. Tlieir .work is one of high responsibility ' and
the, service required; is exacting. arid toilsome;' It' is
but .right they, should receive fair pay.; The cordial
approval of the Smith bill which\has been given. by.
the business men of the country is a proof of public
recognition of the claims of the carriers and' of the
righlfulriess. of the purposed; increase of tpay. It is, to
be hoped, therefore, it .will be enacted at this session.
¦ ;• •¦' •' ¦' ¦'¦>.t-~i— _¦¦¦'•.-• ¦''•¦ ¦-'-¦ ¦•¦ -¦•¦- ¦ \ ' ..- •
RECEPTION DAY
BRINGS FORTH
MANY CALLERS
6
THE SAN FRANCISCO f GALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 39, 1902.
THE LETTER CARRIER BILL
BOARDS OF .TRADE, Chambers; of Com-,
merce, banks, manufacturing establishments
and business men of all sections .of the Union
are said to have sent . petitions , to Congress urging
the passage of the bill -;to v classify and increase the
pay of better reamers. ¦- As to the. press of the coun
try, it has been k well -nigh unanimous in ..approving
the measure, so that the advocates of the bill in: Con—
gresshave had no, lack of support in their efforts to
do this amount of justice to one of. > the. .hardest
worked branches of the. public service. ,
Representative Smith of Michigan, who introduced
the bill, has recently, declared -himself well assured of
its favorable consfderation by the committee and : by
both the House arid < the "Senate. ".Speaking of its
objects he said: "The letter carrier starts in under
the present- law at $600 a year, having \ served .pre
viously sometimes from three to ;' four years as a sub-;
stitute before he is put on regularly. At the end of ¦
four years, after he becomes a regular carrier, he can
get $1000 a ygar. As a rule we pay colored messen
gers and laborers in trie departments' better; than :we ;
do the letter carriers. The bill I have introduced in
creases the carrier's maximum pay to $1200 a , year,
and I think it is little, enough. A man or woman
can' be appointed to a clerkship in the departments .
at! $720 to $900 a year, and in two or three years, with
a little political influence, get up to $1600 or $1800.'
The letter -carrier , must serve anywhere from sixVto
eight years before": he can get $1006, arid that isjthe :
maximum. I. think the slightest consideration of the:
equity of these case's would show. the injustice to the'
letter carriers arid pass the bill. I think I am "not de-^
hiding, myself in believing ithat even without -any
recommendation from the Postoffic'e Committee, if?
ESPITE the vigor with which the advocates .
'of the Nicaragua route 'for an isthmian canal.
: .battle against the Iprdposed adoption .of the
Panama' route, there "is reason for believing the is
sue between the contestants .may be settled at this
session/of Congress and a way prepared for defer
minihg^a 1 route and_begihning; construction ' without
further^delay. It appears that while some members
of Congress -de'ejaref 01' "Nicaragua or "nothing," and
others are just as obstinate on the side of Panama, a
good working 'majority in. each House is willing to
accept a compromise and .to refer the selection of a
route to President Roosevelt. •
There can be little question that the country would
much prefer 'leaving the" choice to the President than
to run the; risk .of :a" deadlock, in : Congress with the
consequent postponement of work, for another ; year,
or perhaps, two years. The majority .of the people
desire the completion ; of a ,' waterway : as , speedily, as
possible' and are comparatively indifferent by whfch
route it is* constructed; so long as it is under control
of the United States "Government. .Nicaragua, Pan
ama and Darien has each its advocates, but all are
advocates of a canal, and there is ; a very . small proj
portion who would insist upon either route if. such
insistence would seriously- retard the attainment of
the object of common 'desire. '
Washington reports are to the effect that in the
Senate at least it is well nigh assured that the solu
tion of the controversy over the routes will be found
in referring the choicf ( to jthe ' - President Se*hator
Spooner has proposed to the House bill an amend
ment which-, provides, that* the* President shall con
struct the canal on the Panama route if it shall- be
possible to secure for $4O;oo"o,odo good and sufficient
title to the properties and franchises of the Panarria
Canal Company,' and if it also shall be possible to
secure from Colombia necessary ¦ concessions for the
construction' of the canal. Should the President find
it impossible to acquire good title to the Panama
Canal Company's. property for $40,000,000, or, if hav
ing found no obstacle to the acquirements of a good
title from the canal company, it should be impos
sible to obtain from Colombia what is wanted in the
k shape of concessions,. it is provided that-the canal
shall "be built upon the Nicaragua. route. -. , ' '¦
'*"" It' would * seem; ( that ¦ suc.h an amendnient would be
satisfactory to all parties r who ¦ are ; really desirous of
having a canal ' constructed and who are not seeking
opportunities to delay the enterprise: without incur
ring the odium of actually 'opposing it. Sooner or
later the. tissue will' come " home to the Nicaragua
men whether they would : not -sooner accept the
amendment than to adjourn without enacting a canal
bill, and the same issue will be presented to the Pan
ama men. With that question fairly before theni it
is not probable that a majority of the Senate /would
refuse the compromise 'offered them, j Should it be
adopted in the. Senate the .House would probably
follow. ' At : any rate the snarl : over the route has
riot yet become so confused that it cannot be un
tangled before, adjournment. The Republican,lead
ers in each House are reported tor be agreed that a
canal .bill shall be ; passed '¦ this session, and the pros
pects are they will succeed in their efforts.
LONG DISTANCE SABIN.
A MEDICAL' reader of The : Call traces some -
relation between cancer quackery and our,de
scription of a; cancer as resembling a rose in
form. - We were ' not informed as to the kind of
cancer Colonel Sabin cured by a simple turn of 'the
wrist of his mind,* .while Separated !"is,ooo miles from
the patient, and used the rose form as a figure of
speech, which we thought a justifiable license in view
of the figurative natureof Colonel Sabin's statement.
We are i aware that the scourge takes many forms,
determined, perhaps,- by \ the nature of the tissue in
which' it nests. ,^Biit : as . the'siibject is too serious to
have anything said upon it that -will mislead those
who -suffer. from the dreadful disease, or increase the
ravages of quacks,., we, leave .standing all ',• we said
about Colonel Sabin and take down the rose
metaphor. '•'...- .- ¦ ¦ *•
Since we commented upon Sabin"it ; is reported that
the cancer germ has been isolated and used success
fully in' inoculation. ' : If' this : be so it i raises again _ the
hope of the medical profession that the' disease may
be conquered. It is' not long since the bacteriolo
gists were baffled by the : conclusion that • cancer ¦ is
nqt/agerm disease, but the result of .some abnormal
aberration of cell growth. If; it be trueithat a; speci
fic germ i induces' and controls • that aberration • it
would seem that this enemy, of -the flesh is about to
be conquered and \ civilization, emancipated fro'mi one
of its major 'scourges. ¦ -:.¦ '•..»-
An evidence of' the wealth— or at least , of , the , glit
ter—of New' York is shown in the report that there
are upward of 300 firms' in "that city ' engaged in'' the
importation of precious stones." As much as;$20,000,
000 worth of diamonds alone has been '¦¦ imported in
a single year,, and it is believed that 'about $7,060,000
worth is" smuggled in .'annually. Evidently the big
city is bidding for -fame as ;the\ gem town of ; the
world. ' . ¦. ¦'.'/- ... , ;... . ; •. .
Experts who have . made . a r >'thorough examination
of Brooklyn bridge report* it -in'; such" a condition th'at
it will have to be virtually -rebuift;; and; .as it has
been [ in '.use; hardly ; more than twenty I years, ; ; the tax
payers are. .wondering", whether I it" .'would -not be
cheaper to construct tunnels or wait for,' airships. ,
According ;to^eprge 'M^^mell^AmmklXtxpat
of the -Department /of Agriculture, the people : of {this
country afe^ gating rnore';beef and, less mutton and
pork than .formerly, so fit •: may'.- be 'we 'shall become
a. regular John . Bull race before -long'aud start i out
to/annex the -worldi '..,;' ; . ; ¦.. '.. f / !. .' _
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-hbuse— "A Temperance Town."
California— "The Sign of. the Cross."
Tlvoli — "The Ameer."
Central — "An African Klngr."
Alcazar — "The Orient Express."
Columbia — "Way Down East."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and. Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereslnc
Metropolitan Hall — Song: Recital.
Metropolitan Temple^ — Hofmann Eveninr, Tuesday, Febru-
ary 25.
Oakland Racetrack — Racea to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BMSGHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
A Swell Creation.
Fancy Front .Stays,
Cuban Heels. |
' Special for the ladles, something-
extra .nobby arid, swell; a -real
smart style; . Fits perfectly and
guaranteed for wear. Ladles'. Vici
"Kid Lace Shoes with mat kid tops:
and fancy front stays, coin toes
• and patent leather tips, pliable soles •
and Cuban heels. THE * PRICE •¦¦
ONLY $2.25. Sizes 2% to 8,-
widths A to E. >
Colonial Ties
OfYeOldehDays.
History certainly : repeats itself,,
for the newest thing in ties Is that
Colonial. We make a special offer.
Ladles' Patent Leather Kid Colo-
nial Ties, - ornamented '.with -gun
metal buckles, kid quarters, plain
coin toes,. turned solea.and French
heels. THE PRICE *1. 65. Sizes
2% to 7%, widths A to D.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO:
».O THIRD STREET,
San Francisco.Thomas Simpson, a', bookkeeper In" the
employ of the Moise-Klinkner Company,
at"320 Sansome street, was arrested last
evening on two charges of misdemeanor
embezzlement.' It is alleged that Simpson
has been In* the habit of making collec
tions : prior . to j collection day and failing
to turn the money over to the firm. He
denies his guilt. , ..
Charged With Embezzlement.
The Grand Jury held its regular session
yesterday and ' made inquiry into a num
ber .of matters affecting the welfare of
the city. The subject of gambling as car
ried on in various saloons was gone into,
as was also the persistent obstructing of
streets. by building operations. Foreman
Sonntag stated that no conclusion had
been arrived at, but the recommendations
of . the Grand Jury will be . incorporated
in a partial report to be filed in the course
of two or three weeksJfiBMllESSa
Grand Jury Meets.
The v suit Just decided was instituted
when 'Assessor Dodge had made the col
lections • for • March, April, : May and June
of 1900, but there is on deposit in the city
treasury $31,299 60 to which he laid claim.
The sum of $8857 25, which ex-Treasurer
Brooks claimed as percentage on the col
lection of collateral inheritance taxes and
which he appropriated but returned to the
city pending the decision- in the Dodge
case, is also In the treasury and will be
turned over for the use of the munlcpal
ity. The Tax Collector Is interested to the
extent of about $5000 for fees granted by
the , statutes for compiling the - military
roll. ¦ 1 - i
Chief Justice ¦ Beatty writes ¦ a long
dissenting' opinion. In which he says
he cannot see upon what grounds .a
law ..can . be .. defended , which assumes
to turn over 15 ¦ per cent of the poll
taxes of •; the city and county of
San Francisco to the municipal salary
fund while .limiting the compensation o£
the Assessor .to a fixed salary, .to be paid
whether he collects the tax or not. He ar
gues that a flat salary is really an induce
ment to the Assessor to be disinterested
in the collection of ; the poll taxes.'
The amount annually involved in the de
cision Is about $22,500. This sum, accord
ing- to City ; Attorney Lane, will revert to
the unapportloned fee. fund, and at the
end of each year will go Into the surplus
fund, to 1 be . appropriated as the Super
visors may see fit. v
Justice Beatty Dissents.
A former suit instituted by. District At
torney Fay of Kern County * and '•¦ decided
by the Supreme Court is cited as a prece
dent. The constitution provides that the
District Attorney shall receive $10 for
each prosecution against delinquent pur
chasers of State lands. Fay, prosecuted
sixty-three ¦ parties, but was not - able to
secure the $630 by reason of having acted
in his official capacity, for which he was
already pfcid... Dodge's contention Is said
to have less merit than Fay's.; The judg
ment and order of the lower court is re-'
versed and the dispute is thus ended.
The : opinion is written by Justice -Van
Dyke,' with whom Justices Harrison; Tem
ple, Henshaw and Garoutte directly con
cur. . Justice McFarland writes a concur
ring opinion, in which he suggests that as
the collection of poll taxes is so dlfticul t
the State should provide sufficient addi
tional compensation to' prove an incen
tive for determined effort on the part of
the Assessor.
The, court holds that t Dodge collected
poll taxes in his official capacity, and that
his salary ' therefore ¦ compensates for his
services: The Assessor Is, according to the
provisions of , the . charter, compelled to
pay all moneys coming into his hands as
such officer, no matter from what source
derived or received, into the' treasury of
the city and county. : It is decided, in con
sequence, - that as his collections • were
made in his official capacity as Assessor
all such funds belong, to the city.
Acted Only in Official Capacity.
- The new charter provides in reference to
the Assessor that "he shall receive an an
nual salary of $4000, which shall, be in full
compensation for all his services." Dodga
claimed /that his duties consisted wholly
in making collections on taxable property,
and that the. collection of poll taxes wad
not a part of such duty.
- It is explained in the opinion of the Su
preme-Court that this provision < does not
apply to. the question at issue." A' consti
tutional amendment provides - for the
strict accountability of county officers for
all public funds that may come into their
possession, but leaves the matter -«f fix
ing salaries and fees to the body politic.
The city -and county of San Francisco Is
held to . fall - within the limits of this
amendment. •'¦: /".'¦'
Court' Shows Error in Contention.
•: In July,M9O0,; Dodge tried to collect; the
sum as his rightful percentage on poll tax
collections ' made " during . the preceding
four ¦.months.. The Treasurer_ refused to
turn over the money, and, the controversy
was i transferred to the courts."'- The ..As
sessor,' won in the . lower - court and the
case was appealed to the Supreme Court.
•Dodge based his claim of $14,080 60 on a
section in the Political" Code .which says:
"The "Assessor for- services: rendered in
the i collection , of ; poll taxes shall receive
the sum of 15 per cent, and the Collector
for services rendered ' in ' the collection of
poll-taxes on the delinquent list; Including
publication, . shall receive the sum of 26
per cent onfall delinquent poll taxes col
lected by him.? . > . ' - . .
. Supreme Court decided, yesterday
that ¦ the "Assessor of the city^ and county
of San ' Francisco Is not entitled ; to a per
centage on the amount'of poll-tax collec
tions. Assessor Washington Dodge there
by : sees • $14,080 60, > which } the ; lower, court
had declared to be hie, go into the treas
uryof.San"Francisco.' • .,
Decision Affects Pockets of
Several Other Munici
pal Ofacers.^;
Gollections. ,•
Supreme Court Decides
- Suit Over Poll Tax ,
ASSESSOR LOSES
FIGHT FOR FEES
CLERKS BANQUET
SUPERINTENDENT
- . *
H. P. Thrall of the Rail-
way Mail Service
Is Honored.
Government had ever, been brought, to
gether. -
The following were i among .those who
attended the banquet: .,
R. J. Auld,' toastmaster; C. • J. Boyle, chair
man: J. S. Roberts. Assistant 1 Superintendents
A. H. Stephens, H. Lewie. C. G.- Hinds; Chler
Clerics R. A. Whiting, -H. A. El well. ¦ Howard
Linsley, T. J. Ford. Superintendent mails and
office force of superintendent — F: E.' Whitney,
F. I. R. A. Moore. S. L. OalU A. S. Rand,
J. T. Townley and Prior Ii. Neil, Portland;
•W. C. Ott an! F. N. Hoffedltz, Seattle; F. E.
Worth and P. E. Hunsucker. Spokane; A. R.
Wilson,' C. H. Sunborn, C. H. ¦ Bartholomew,
Charles B. .JlcKenzle and William B. Mosher,
Los Angeles: T. Antisell, J. Burke, Fred S.
Jackson and H. P. Hook, Ovden; C. G. Hinds,
assistant superintendent of malle, San Fran
cisco, and J. M. Lewis, Sacramento. The of
ficers of the association are : J. S. Roberts,
president: H. W. Watkins, vlce«presldent. and
F. P. Howland, secretary and treasurer.
WALSH INCREASES HIS
LEAI> BY SEVEN" VOTE3
Three Precincts Add to His Gains
' Over George Alpers, the Repub
lican Candidate.
There were three precincts counted in
Judge Mura6ky*s court yesterday — the
Seventh . of the Forty- fourth, the Third
of the Twenty-ninth and the Third of the
Thirty-fifth. In these precincts , Alpers
lost 21 votes and Walsh 14, giving the
latter a gain of 7 votes. £2ggers and
Cogblan each lost 19 votes. The present
standing of the candidates is as follows :
Official Loss to Stand-
Count. Date. Ing.
Braunhart 16,749 446 16,303
Payot 16,671 405 ltt.166
Wilson - .- 1«,517 488 16,029
Bent .*. 16,112 630 15.582
E^gers 15,840 59S . 15,342
Alpers 15,953 504 15.38U
WaUh 15.886 '235 15,651
Coshlan 15.686 ZiO 15,457
Finn 15.595 228 15,367
Lyons 15,674 257 15.317
Alrd }5,525 246 15,270
Policeman Peters last night captured
j. v. O'Brien, a convict sentenced to six
years in San Quentin for cattle stealing,
who escaped from the cu -tody of a dep
uty Sheriff last week. ' ,e deputy had
brought hia prisoner t San Francisco
and was waiting at the New Western Ho
tel until time to catch the boat for San
Quentin. O'Brien was given permission to
eo to the lavatory, but failed to come
back. He might still be at large if he
could have controlled his appetite for
opium. He was captured in an alley
leading off Washington street, whither he
had gone to seek his opium-smoking
"Dais" of former days. The Sheriff of
Tehama County offered 5100 reward for
the convict's capture.
Escaped Convict Is Recaptured.
Enthusiasm and loyalty to a chief
marked the banquet to H.' P.- Thrall, su-
perintendent of the railway mall .service,
given by the clerks ot the eighth division
last evening at a downtown rotisserie.
The banquet was to give public expression,
of gratitude for many favors extended,
for the uniform and courteous treatment
shown to all in that particular branch of
the service, and also that his
co-workers might have the opportunity
In a body to congratulate their guest on
the growth and development of the serv
ice on the -Pacific Cpast. The committee
of arrangements had assured a unique
banquet, and even the orchestra which
rendered animated overtures and selec
tions had -been specially selected.
After full justice had been done the re
past R. J. Auld began the speeches by eulo
fc-izing Superintendent ThralL They had
gathered, he said, to show full apprecia
tion for a man who during his adminis
tration as superintendent of the railway
mail service Had done everything In his
power to elevate tbe department to a
ingh standard of proficiency. ' Thrall had
always treated them fairly and impartial
ly, ktndly and generously- Auld said he
voiced the sentiment of every clerk in the
service when he wished their guest every
success and prosperity-in the future. ,
The assemblage, numbering.', quite two
hundred, rose and for many ' minute?
cheered the honored sqperintendent.
Thrall, in responding to the good wishes
of his colleagues, said that he had from
the beginning laid down plans to secure
the clerks that recognition which was
their due. His policy had been a deter
mination that every one in the service
should be treated with justice. He was
proud of their standard of. efficiency,
which was attained by energy and . perse
verance. During seasons of unusual mall?,'
the result of unprecedented prosperity.
throughout the country, the clerks, hs
declared, had demonstrated that no finer
body of men nor more loyal men to the
WINS THE CASE
AND TAKES WIFE
Judge Sioss Decides Miss
Nevill Has No Claim ;
en Cheyney.
Mining Engineer at Once Se
cures License and Weds
Bessie WalK
After hearing the decision by Judge
Sloss i yesterday, afternoon •. In his . favor,
Samuel - W. Cheyney, who was sued by
Miss Maud Nevill for maintenance, she
claiming to be his wife, immediately went
over.; to' the clerk's office and secured a
license Vto. marry Miss Bessie Lee Wall,
who resides with her sister, Miss L..' Wall,
at .the Bella -Vista Hotel." The marriage
ceremony was performed last night by
Father Enos of. St. Mary's Church. It
was a quiet affair, the bride's family be
ing the only ones present besides the con
tracting parties. The couple leftfor the
East this morning and 'will 'be gone some
time.-'..
_.Miss Wall comes of Virginia stock. Her
father : and mother, who are now dead,
came to California in early days. Mr.
Wall was very well-to-do at one time,
having owned and operated several mines
in this State and owned a large amount of
real estate in Oakland. Through reverses
he was deprived of his wealth. Miss
Wall's sister is an artist of great ability;
Mr. ~ Cheyney is a . mining engineer of
wealth ana a member of the Paciiic-Union
Club. ¦•..¦.. ' ¦•¦ •
"Judge Sloss' decision disposes of Miss
Nevill's claim 'that she. was the wife of
Cheyney and is an acknowledgment of the
justness of the claim madeiby Cheyney's
attorney, Peter F. Dunne. ' that a. great
deal of the documentary evidence intro
duced on behalf of the fair plaintiff had
been tampered with in an endeavor to
Strengthen her suit.
. The Cheyney i case was on trial before
Judge Sloss 'for many weeks. From the
day of its commencement until its sub
mission to the court for decision it devel
oped sensational features, and was a con
tinuous expose of a life which' did not re
dound to the credit of either of the prin
cipals. ,-."-¦ .
, The trial developed testimony of a most
racy nature. Hundreds of letters written
by Miss Nevill and covering a period of
ten years were introduced In evidence, as
were also the replies to them by the min
ing man. . Mtes Nevill's letters were full
of passion and breathed undying love for
the handsome defendant. His epistles were
carefully written, and to his care in in
dicting his' love missives he perhaps owes
his success in the legal battle just ended.
REPORTS SHOW
GREAT PROGRESS
Woman's: Exchange.
Holding of Seyehteenth
Annual Meeting "by the :^
Organization I& in a Frosper
ous and Flourishing z^
» Condition. ; '¦'¦£& '.'¦;
.': The seventeenth annual i meeting, of the
Woman's Exchange was ; held yesterday
morning " at the . Occidental Hotel. The
election of officers was the important fea
ture of the session. - The officers ; elected
are::" " .'' \::-.- : \ ;. ,"¦: . '.'¦-'¦¦
- -¦ President. Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle; vice-presi
dents, Mrs. John Currey . Mrs. Louis ; SIobs.
Mrs.H, L.. Dodge, -Mrs.-M.- Castle; -treasurer,
Miss E. Grace Unger; recording secretary, Mrs.
Spencer Buckbee; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
R. E. Bunker; directors, Mrs.-E. S. Breyfoglo,
Mrs H. E. Hlghton, Mrs. M. Castle. Mrs. John
Currey Miss L.. McKinstry, Mrs. ¦ W. P. Mor
gan," Mrs. J. G. Conrad, Mrs. H. L. Dodge, Miss
E.. O.~ UnKer, Mre. L. Geretle, Mrs. Louis Sloss.
• Interesting reports . were read for the
year : ending January - 31, r 1902/ which ' in
themselves speak for the prosperous con
dition of the exchange. ... .
Mrs. Harry Dubrow, chairman of the
art department, -. reported sales to th9
amount of $12,458 95. : '¦- .
.Mrs. -John G. Conrad, chairman of. the
cake department, reported I sales'- amount
ing to $18,353 63. . i . ..- . -.
: Miss Ella Morgan, chairman of the flow
er department, reported sales amounting
to $9295 8o.>" . ' • , ¦:-'. r. : /. -:>" »..
-Miss. L. McKinstry,' chairman of the
luncheon . department, " reported :* sales
amounting to $19,446 45. . -
Miss E. Grace Unger, treasurer of the
Woman's Exchange, reported money paid
out' to consignors (poor and needy women
depending on their own exertions for sup
port) amounting, to $39,212 40. The salaries
paid amounted to $12,126 15. ,*
In the past sixteen or seventeen years
the poor women of ' Calif ornia have re-'
celved through the; exchange nearly $500,
000.,. . ¦ •. .¦/¦¦
The object of the exchange is to enable
women of .unfortunate- circumstances to
receive money for any of their work of
fered to the exchange. The number, of
consignors at the present time is about
700. and the sum of $36,514 35 has been paid
them within the past year. A high stand
ard of work is set; by 'the exchange, and
as poor work will not • sell > readily it is
deemed advantageous ; to the toiler, as
well as to the exchange," to maintain a
high excellence. ' ..... .
The organization Is constantly becoming
stronger and hopes ultimately to become
self-supporting. When the building fund
has sufficiently increased a building will
be erected , where more extensive accom
modations can be given to consignors.. '
A WOMAN'S EXPERIENCE
FIFTY THOUSAND
FOR GREENWOOD
Margaret L. Brlggs, a Well-Known
Newspaper Woman,
Recounts Her Experience While Vis
iting a Noted Woman.
OF INTEREST TO ALL WOMEN.
Coachman's Share of His
Uncle's Estate in
England. >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
! REDDING, Feb. IS.— The romantic -tale
of the good fortune' which" some strange
fairy was to bring Artell Greenwoo"d, the
Redding boy, who is now a coachman for
Mrs. Hearst in San Francisco, and who
was traced by The Call, has crystallized
into a simple story of .facts, which name
the source of the unexpected bounty and
show that the sum which Greenwood has
fallen heir to about $50,000. Dame For
tune remembers also his sister, Mrs. Hat
tie Palletser, of, Elmhurst, and she will
receive an -ectual amount.
Full details of the bequests have come
to Mrs. Aimle Greenwood j of this city,
Artell's stepmother, who had lost trace
of him. The estate in England is that of
John Greenwood, who recently died at
Farmouth. John, who was a brother of
Redding's pioneer shoemaker, Joseph
Greenwood, the father of' Artell and Hat
tie, owned a wide acreage of farming
land. About 100, acres had been divided
into lots and a town was built upon the
land. The value of the whole is not less
than $150,000. . There is one heir besides
Artell Greenwood i and his sister. He is
Edward Greenwood of Clinton, Mass, the
son of. a deceased brother of John and
Joseph Greenwood. Each heir gets one
third of the estate.
It appears that but for the boyish pho
tograph of Artell found among his uncle's
effects and through which he was traced,
he and his sister would have been over
looked altogether.
NEW RULES FOB MATES'
AND MASTERS' LICENSES
More Latitude Is Allowed to Seamen
in Climbing the Ratlines* to
7 Higher Offlce. : V. : % ;
The United States Local Inspectors of
Steam Vessels received . yesterday from
the office of the Supervising Inspector
General at Washington the amended rules
governing the issuance . of licenses .- to"
mates and masters. These new rules pro
vide that applicants for licenses as third
mate of ocean and coastwise steam ves
sels must have had at least three years'
experience on such vessels as mariner or
quartermaster. Persons whose experience
at sea has been on ocean sailing vessels
of more than 300 gross " tons may be
licensed on the following conditions: •
"For master, five years',- experience on
such . sailing vessels, two- years ¦ of which
have been, as master of such sailing ves
sels, will entitle the applicant to a license
as master of ocean and coastwise steam
vessels. Five years' experience on such
palling vessels, two years of which have
been in the capacity of chief mate, entitle
the applicant to - a license . as chief, mate
of ocean and coastwise steam vessels.
Three years' experience , on • such sailing
vessels as mariner entitle the applicant
to a license as third mate of ocean and
coastwise steam vessels."
PKINCTPAI, BIiANCHAIUtt
MITST NOW STAND TBIAL
Board of Education Decides to Hear
New Evidence Regarding' Alleged
Flogging- of Pupils.
The Board of Education i yesterday' re
opened the- case of M. E.' Blanchard,' prin
cipal of the > Hancock . Grammar School)
who '. was reprimanded \ for flog
ging John Ragglo; a. pupil. An affldaVit
was filed by Miss Perry, .the boy's former
teacher, setting forth that she was forced
by Blanchard to write -an unfavorable re
port against Ragglo : in ¦ the record book.
Miss Perry, says that she was called into
Blanchard's. office during. lunch hour and
that he compelled her to = write the word
"Incorrigible" against Raggio's ' name. ' ;-:.
¦ Superintendent of Schools Webster liaa
received van opinion from - his legal ad
viser that vlolatron of ; the rules by a
teacher is a - triable offense. . He accord
ingly - will . make : a - recommendation that
Blanchard be tried by the board. -
Two ; other boys, William Vahey and
Detlef Terry, who, it is. alleged, were
soundly thrashed by Blanchard; - ; will - flir
ure- in the ; new. investigation., ." . ;-? :
Printing Demands Are; Registered,
i, The, Supervisors' Printing, Committee
yesterday , rejected ; the demands 'of jBrown
& Power i for $125 40 for. books," stationery
and * printing furnished' the 1 Board ' of Pub
lic Works. . The board was > notified j- that
all , requisitions of- that character, must \ be
made -.upon the Boards of f . Supervisors \ in
the first instance, as the charter, provides.*
(From the Boston Herald).
;It!was my privilege recently to call upon
the world famous Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn,
Mass. I must confess ' that . among all
newspaper women there has always been
a great feeling that Mrs. Pinkham was a
myth; we' are so; u familiar with', advertis-'
Ing methods "wVgrow"to v b"e skeptical- and
always take such statements as are made
in the Pinkham, advertisements, as well as
all other advertising, with the proverbial
"grain of salt," but,' as before stated,'be
ing near the city of Lynn, Mass., I thought
I „ would j investigate a '-. little \ in order to
satisfy my curiosity, and "I must say "I
was surprised at what I. found. .
To begin with I had no idea that the
Lydia iS. Pinkham establishment 'was
anything like the immense size that it is,
and when the street car stopped in front
of a great collection of buildings and the
conductor told me that it was the Lydia
E. Pinkham Laboratory, I should have
been sura he had made a mistake had it
not 1 been for a small sign which is on one
of -the original buildings. ; *
Upon entering the onice I was receiveQ
by- a .very courteous lady and was Very
much impressed by the .tact that all the
occupants of the room were women, and
although • my sojourn in the buildings
covered something more than an hour vis
iting the entire place and private .office,
I saw nothing but women, and was also
pleased to learn that no man ever had
access to these rooms.; I was satisfied that
their claims that this Is strictly a wo
man's institution • were altogether, truth
ful. . - . ,
After stating the purpose of my visit I
was introduced to Mrs. Pinkham, who
turned me over to a head assistant with
instructions that I was to be shown every
thing in and about '.the laboratory, and
particularly asked me to visit the "pri
vate letter department," which I did. This
is the department in- which are received
hundreds of thousands of letters from ail
ing women, and in which every, letter is
opened, carefully considered by . compe
tent • persons : under Mrs. Pinkham's
guidance, and carefully . and accurately
answered by women-only— so particular
is Mrs. Pinkham about having even, a sus
picion of. these letters going through a
business office where men are allowed, to
frequent that she will not allow a type
writer to be used, and every letter that
goes out of this' office is, written by hand
by women. I was also shown positive
evidence which clearly satisfied me on the
point that no letters are published unless
.the writer's special permission is first ob
tained. '- ' *¦ ¦
> - To say that all this was a revelation ' Is
putting it mildly, and when I was shown
the great • cabinet of files that contain
thousands upon thousands of letters, then,
and enly then, did I begin. to realize the
magnitude of Mrs. Pinkham's work. Just
think of it, every one of these letters has
been answered >. as carefully as . the ; most
competent ; knowledge , could . dictate, and
not ' one cent has ; ever; been charged for
advice. I saw where more than one million
sucli letters were ' filed, ; and I began :to
feel that this one woman was doing more
good among the eick^ women" of Ameri
ca than any combination - of men . and
women that I ever heard of. I . came
away - from Mrs." Pinkham's i Laboratory
feeling that it was my duty, to all women
to use my facilities as a newspaper writer
to assure them, that what I saw convinced
me that" Mrs., PinKham is more compe
tent to advise sick women than any, other
one person in^the United States.. The vol
ume of •¦ information . which' she has . col
laborated ¦ during l the .-. last twenty years
contains a record of every kind of female
illness that a human being could possibly
develop, and r; nowhere .in "the * world
could ¦ a woman get i more i accurate s and
helpful, advice; in regard .to. her. -illness
than by writing to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn,
Mass.- I have . no , interest in Mrs. - Pink
ham ' or the Pinkham Medicine Co. , but I
have | a streak | of I humanity; in I my | make
up,; and I cannot ; rest without . unburden
ing =. my,: mind ; In , regard •, to • this '-. matter,
and', every : time I see theifollowintr,para
graph- In a newspaper, I can hardly keep
from ?- baying : out loud^ while • I :< am ; read
ing - v i(;_"every word of ' is ' true, . and
every, woman who Is ill and does not take
advantage i of iMrs. * Pinkham's advice i is
slowly committing, suicide."- .'The > para
graph, referred ito; is: as follows: . ¦-¦ >;,
•iVWomen suffering from any form of.fe
male weakness are invited , to . freely com
municate - 'with i Mrs.- Pinkham ¦ at i Lynn,
Mass. >,A11 1 letters -• are r? received;- opened,
read r and answered vby ,women only." Thus
has been established the eternal confidence
between 9 Mrs. "Pinkham;- and the : women
of rAmerica which ' has , never been broken,
and, has I induced', more than' 100,000 suffer
ers 'i to r, write & her s for- \ advice » during , the
last four months.*' Out of. the vast volume
of experience which she has to draw from,"
It,^ Is i more i than possible r- that >, she- has
gainedUhe; very: knowledge: that' wlU help
your.; case, i : She < asks t nothing s in '* return
except your, good wlll,^ and i her. advice has
.rell^vfd j thousands."; Surely * any; woman
rich i ox: poor; is kvery . foolish if » Bhe , does
not'- take advantage of .this' generous 'offer
of assistance."— Margaret'!* Briggs.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19. 1902.
7
/C^H^^fflMT e §^ uaran^ ee that no store in the city can give you the bargains that
Ky|g^^|3y you will secure in the February' Sale. 'A.French .importer's entire stock
and a great Philadelphia drapery mill's entire surplus stock— samples, odd
pairs — thousands of yards of this spring's designs and coloring, as beau-
i^?i% tl^ an( * attractive as anything that will be produced for a year to come — all
<i^^|^\% '* for yo U now at one-half and one-third the price.
W% Prices Reduced One-Ha -f and Less on Tens of Thousands of
ii Dollars' Worth of Drapery Goods and Lace Curtains.
iV it ' N0W IS Y0UR OPPORTUNITY TO SAVE
T/jlJml 50,000 yards of Drapery Portieres.
\\\K.4tyjlF' Fortrirc Ramartahla Rm-nnt.c ' To-morrow -we will place on sale the big surplus stock
W»»^ "~~ ' Of PORTIEREa bought from a large Eastern mill at
wifiSl KOc a yard for $1.00 Fabrics, 50 inches. ¦; This lot comprises a beautiful assortment, including
" X /S&^S^T-- ¦ ¦ T3e a yard for $1.50 Fabrics, 50 inche>;. the newest and rlpht up-to-date styles. ¦-^.'¦.;v; ¦'
J*\ VS«*^SSk .Sl.OO a yard for $2.00 Fabrics, 50 Inches." Solid .colors, border effects.' floral designs, two-color
y^^^*3 *J .5O a yard for $3.00 Fabrics, BO inches. SSSes elours ' damasks and man y fanc y and novelty
***«t<«**~ 5S'5S a yar lS° r «'^ !^ abrIcs ' 50 inches. A11 tnree yards long and DO inches wide, at startling
J53.OO a yard for $6.00 Fabrics, 50 inches. . ¦ A'i prices:-
Ruffle Curtains, Fancy Nets— Special Value— , . $2.5O. a pair for the $4.50 kind '
In this sale we will offer the finest pat- In this sale -200 pairs of New Imitation oo ~ n a nalr for the $600 kind
terns ever made in Ruffle Curtains, with Renaissance Curtains, 3% yards long 45 ¦ •-¦»•*•»*« a pair ror tne.?b.w Kina.
¦wide, full lace ruffles. Your choice at Inches wide. Your. choice a> * f-r/-i 84. SO a pair for the $7.50 kind..
%l^%Sy 2^' S1 * 3O> J51 * 75> 82f to a . t :..t..^. r -:::::::::::::::::: $ l'» 50: . so^oa pair^the $10.00 ¦*&,
" ¦ 8O.OO a pair for the $15.00 kind.
Irish Points and Duchesse- Brussels and Novelties- • . gl 5. OO a pair for the $30.00 kind,
in this sale we win sell the best you Renaissance and Arabians — ¦/ - • ••
JlOOOa pair; your choice at. a ser^Sr^tnd^ll'ooTnV^^^
»***. ••:— $8.00 Real Renaissance ones for «5. etr. . nants v will be placed on sale to-morrow,
j?1 .OO a pair for $2.00 Lace Curtains. ffG.OO a pair for $10.00 Lace Curtains. 24 by 24 inches up to 2 and 3 yards by
*S1 1..-JO a pair for $3.00 Lace Curtains. «7.U.% a pair for $12.50 Lace Curtain J. e O inch-s widr ThVaner and a hetter lot
K^.."»O a pair for $3.00 Lace Curtains. *8.5O a pair for $15.00 Lace i Curtains 5O menes Wiae. ana a Detter lOt
$KStjQQ a pair for $6.00 Lace Curtains. $12.00 a pair for $20.00 Lace ' Curtains than ever ottered before for pillows,
$:i.75 a pair for $7.50 Lace Curtains. 810.00 a pair for $30.00 Lace Curtains. '- furniture coverings, etc.
D ATTAQIFM?C Corner 'SIXTEENTH
UJ\ i I VrOiLll O AND MISSION STREETS.
AUCTION
, . - - — OF— ' - ¦
MROGS
TO=DAY, Wednesday,
AND DAILY AT 2 P.M.
SALE ABSOLUTELY
RESERVE.
" RUGS • GUARANTEED ¦ NON-DOCTORED
OR CHEMICALLY TREATED. ' • '
JXUQ • BUYERS .HAVE : NEVER • WITNESSED
' SUCH; A' GREAT BARGAIN SALE.
COME ANDSEE,\THEN YOU WILL
BELIEVE.
M. B. MIHRAIV
QQ9 PflQT \J Kear'pdwellV
QOL> rUO I 0 I i Opposite Union Square.
i n^b;~spbcial evening
iSALBfFRIDAY at 8 o'clbcl<
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. '
SCIENCE SCORES AGAIN.
A Preparation That Will Destroy tha
Dandruff Germ Discovered.
, Filially the scientific student has dis-
covered a • certain remedy for dandruff.
When it first became known that dan-
druff is the result of a germ or parasite
that digs into the scalp, and saps the
vitality, of hair at the root,' causing fall-
ing hair and baldness, biologists set to
work to discover some preparation that
will kill the germ. After a year's labor
in one laboratory, the dandruff germ de-
stroyer was discovered; and it is now
embodied in Newbro's Herpiclde, which
besides curing baldness and thinning
hair, speedily and permanently eradicates
dandruff. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect." ,
Nearly everybody seems to be taking Prof. Man
yon's Cold Cure whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, ncse, throat and longs so quickly
i that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe,
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Core
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as sure. Mostly 25c. vial. -Guide to
Health free. Mnnvnn. NewYorlt and Philadelnhia.
mUaXO.VS IXUALEE CUBES CAlAJiaH.
AMUSEMEITTS.
- - - . - .. - . . .i . . 1 - -
"HOFMANN
EVENING.'?
¦ AT THE-—
. METROPOLITAN TEMPLE .
TDESDAY EVENING, Feb. 25,
BY THE
PIANOLA,
Assisted by
MRS. GRACE DICKMAN, Contralto
¦All selections by tha Pianola will be from the
San i Francisco programmes ; of Hofmann. . and
his Interpretation will be followed ¦ throughout.
(Of the PIANOLA, which he uses and indorses,
Hofmann says: "I am free to say that I un-
hesitatingly pronounce the .Pianola the best of
all piano playing devices.") All tickets free,
but ; to ' prevent overcrowding ¦ reserved seats
should be obtained at KOHL.ER & CHASE'S.
26-30 O'Farrell st. - '
llfeg, RAGING
""^p*"" JT^V^ ; F. very . Vr eek Day—
¦wr\. Rain cr Shins.
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUS
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
'Races start at 2:15 p.' m." sharp.
". - Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1,' 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.» connecting
with -trains stopping at, the ; entrance to the
track.' Last : two : cars on , train . reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. ¦- Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound, j All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenuo
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land.' Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway/ Oakland. These electric-. cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
.Returning — Trains -leave the " track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the lajt
-THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
, CH AS. F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES AND^ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS and
A; FAT LADIES' BOWLING MATCH.
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT— WASHINGTON'S
¦. BIRTHDAY! .
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY.
r Telephone for. 1 Seats-^-Park 23.
IN THE NEAR FUTURE;
Emma Nevada,
Assisted by Artists of Distinction.
/ II guaranteed by Kohler & Chase— £stabl!ihsd- 1850. U
\ There is no sensationalism in this sale. The fact that we U
\ are off ering high-grade pianos at such low prices' might. tend m-,
¦ to create a sensation; but a bona-fide offering of this kind ml
3 needs no sensationalism to stimulate it The "public recog- ISjf
H nizes the fact that a;Kohler & Chase sale is something more, fijj
than a device to draw trade— that it means the, best possible Eb>':
Z* value for the money. Every piano in this sale is fully cov- El
3 ercd by the Kohler& Chase guarantee, and will be ex- M
|f%^ changed any time in three years at full purchase price on a^Tja
\ 26, -28, 30 O'FARRELL STREET, II
j\ ... SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. /#
AMUSEMEKTS. '_ :
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, Feb. t9.
'Parquet,* any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE MIXED! MIXED
WELL!
The Blossoms; Hawaiian Olee Club;
Warren and Blanchard; Mary Ncr-
xnan; Dempsey and Mack Cora-
' pany; -3/ Marvelous Merrills;
Winchennan's Bears; Jessie Dala
and the . Biograph.
flVHSATR 8T*O
Eelasco & - Thai], Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL 'WEEK.
The Latest German Farcical Success.
"Ttie Orient Express"
ALL ABOARD FOR THE LAND OF FUN!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES ........... .I5c, 23c, 35c, 50c and 73c.
Next Mon.— "THE HEAD OF THE FAMILY.**
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
; • • - TTirY
WM. A. BRADY'S \f\i Q *\7
Big production ' w W CLt V
of the w - w
beautiful "V"*k
By Lottie . S ¦ ¦ \/y I I
Blair Parker. JtmW V^ Tf IX
Elaborated E""!S —^ -~ JL
by Jos. R. 4 C% & W
Grismer. 1 ,^^ 1
TRICES— $1 50. $1. 75c. BOc. 23c :*-
. ' .- EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. , /'
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS!
AMEER!
MONDAY, Feb. 24— The Great BOSTONIAN
OPERA.
THE SERENADE.
. POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c.
/ Telephone Bush 0.
TO-NIGHT.
NORDICA'S
SECOND RECITAL.
. RESERVED SEATS, |1. $2, $3.
GENERAL ADMISSION, $1.
' Farewell Recital Saturday Afternoon.
Seats on Sale at Sherman. Clay it Co.'t.
To-morrow (Thursday) night .at Macdonough
They»r. Oakland. ¦
CHICAGO SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Four magnificent programmes, Wednesday
and Friday, nights, February 20-2S. Saturday
afternoon and night. March 1.
Reserved seats, $1 50, Si and 75c. Ready to-
morrow mornlns at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a. •
BEL*SCOA"°TffAirS* ? jtf}fr
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK."
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
A GREAT PRODUCTION of Charles E. Bl*-
ney's (Author of "Kins of the Opium
Ring) Successful Melodrama. '
An African King.
PRICES — Evening. 10c to 50c; Matinee. 10c,
15c and 25c'
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Instantaneous Hit of
r, GEORGE~ OBER
One of America's Foremost Comedians, la
Chaa. Hoyt's Famous Comedy Drama,
A Temperance Town,
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c, 73c
A Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK
GEORGE OBER In "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
THIS IS THE LAST WEEK!
SATURDAY MATINEE.
William Greet Presents the Powerful Ycnni
Heroic Actor."
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON, BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS.
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
.. NEXT SUNDAY— FEB. 23
MURRAY AND MACK
• IN . . •,
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
(SEATS TO-MORROW.) •
FISCHER'S THEATER,
O'Farrell St. Between Stockton and PowelL
BEGINNING ' MONDAY. FEBRUARY 24.
-¦ Every Evening and ¦ Saturday and Sunday
Matinees.
i Magnificent Production of
! THE FRENCH MAID:
A Brilliant. Frisky, English Musical Novelty.
Greatest Cast Ever tieen
in San Francisco.
NEW AND ELEGANT COSTUMES.
CAPTIVATING DANCES.
ORIGINAL MUSIC.
A HOST OF PRETTY GIRL8.
POPULAR PRICES — Reserved Seats, 25c. 6Oo
and 73c. Matlnees-;-23c.
Box . Office Will Open To-morrow, Thursday,
Morning. . - :\ ' ; ,
- - - r. ¦ -
PALACE and ¦;;
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent .
hotels is the wholesale and manq-
! Jacturera' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs. . railroad ¦ and .
newspaper offices, banks : and thea-
ters. . Street cdra to all parts of the ¦
.. city— depots,' ¦ ferries arid parks—
- pass the entrance. - 1, .
American and European plans.Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 R5&I
Sterling Exchange, ; sight....... — , ' 4 88%
Sterling Cables ...::. ::........ ¦'— ''¦¦;•¦ 4 89V4
NewYork Exchange,' sight. .... — 12%
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, -per ounce:.. . . . : . . . -.-.-. .. .:-—..¦"¦: fi5U"
Mexican ?Dollars,\ nominal. . . . . . , 45 f ® .: ; 45V4
¦¦•Wheat ; and;- Other Grains. :
"•: WHEAT FREIGHTS— The. market continues
weak, (With^ recent charters; at; 25s and 26s. 3d;
usual options,-; according to I the | size 'of . the car-'
,rler.-:- s The, chartered. .wheat fleet*in',po'rt t his 'a
registered , tonnage of '35,700, Tagainsti ; 35,950
tons on\the'isame5date ;ast;yoar; 'disengaged,
39,200 ¦ tons,', against ,4000; - on the ' way ? to . this
portr 202,875 :tons, - agiUnst M:t2.250. f ¦ ,, , - ; .
. ., .WHEAT— The. forelpn^markets : were easy as
a : rule : and . futures at 1 Paris and : Liverpool "were
lower.-,'. Bradstreet's r'.gave Jt stocks <asffollows:
East of the Rockies, 1 ; a decrease of 'SSH.KO bush
; Europe ; els; and: afloat,*) af decrease of 1,200 000'
total i decrease. v 1.7KJ.0O0 -bushels. :¦¦ ¦ , %¦/¦;,:,. }¦¦! -^
: Chicago opened: dull , and ' generally . easier.'
Exchange and Bullion.
o g g o »• '?:
5 t?3 ij ¦£* 3
STATIONS. a fffa ft |- I
• *• \ • • "
•Astoria 29.98 56 46 NE Cloudy 02
Baker yo.l« 46 32 6E Clear ' CO
Carson 30.10 00 Hi E Clear *O0
Kureka 10. OH C2 42 SW Cloudy 00
Fresno 30.08 02 40 NW Clear 00
. Flagstaff 29.76 .44 32 NW Pt Cldy *00
I'ocatelio, Ida.30.10 40 22 SW Cloudy *>8
Independence 23. m 08 36 SE Clear *00
• Jx>s Angeles. .29.98 «8 42 x SW Cleaj- ' 00
Phoenix .: 23.78 72 4fi XV Clear '00
Portland 30.06 S«5 44 " E Cloudy 02
Red Bluff.'... .30.08 P2 42 S aear *00
Roscburg 30. 02 58 30 W Cloudy 00
Sacramento ..30.08 CO ¦ 44 • NW Clear \ '00
gait Lake. ...30.06 40 WJ \V Cloudy 02
San Francisco.30.10 «) 46 W Clear *O0
F. L. Obispo.. 30.04 C8 . 48 W Clear '00
tfsn Diego 2».»8 : 62 46 NW- Clear \«
Feattle .30.06 54 38 W Cloudy T
Spokane 30.20 50 30 S Pt Cldy .00
iNeah Bay.... 29.96 48 44 E Ooudy .04
.Walla Walla.. 30. 12 56,38 W Clear .00
THE COAST RECORD
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SO: minimum. 46; mean, 52. .
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 32-281 Washington .....3S-2G
<'ineir.natt 30-14 Omaha 24-16
Philadelphia 42-36 Duluth 26-08
Jacksonville 30-26 Chicago ......... .24-10
New York..: 30-24 Salt Lake City...5S-3«
Kansas City 26-14! St. Louie 30-18
•w — . 1 . , . ju
NEW YORK. Feb. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29.600 barrels: exports, 699 barrels. Active
and firm. ' . ' . t^\ •
WHEAT— Receipts, 26,600 bushels; exports,
71,591 bushels. ; Spot .was firm. No! 2 red,
88%c f. o. -b. afloat; No. 2 red, 00% c eleva
tor; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86%c f. > o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 83%c "f. ¦ o. ; - b. '
afloat. , Too much buying • of wheat . early., in
the day on steadier cables, a large decreases in
world's * stocks, ¦', lese favorable crop news . and
export rumors paved the way for a 'successful
bear attack after midday. All the early, rise
was lost, following a break at St.' Louis and
declines in corn .and oats, but the market
finally recovered on . Important ¦ buying ¦ and
closed at - %c net advance. - , March 1. closed • at
S4%c; May. 83 13-16c to 84%c,, closed at 84%c;'
July, 83 H-16(g84VsC f : closed at 84c; Septem
ber, 83&c. closed at 83%c.
HOPS— Firm. .
WOOL— Firm. . ¦ •' • ¦
HIDES-rQuiet.
-SUGAR — Raw. firm: fair refining, 8%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test,' 3%c;- molasses sugar, 2%c;
.refined, lira. '-..•. • ' ; ¦• . . - - --• . -. , ;
COFFEE— Spot Rlo.V dull ; ' No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mi!d .market steady; • Cordova,' 8@12c.
Futures', closed '. quiet; net unchanged. ; ; Total
sales,"- 18,000 . bacs, 1 including: ".. March, : 5.35c; '
April.. 5.45c: 1 . May, - 5.55c; ~ June, % 5.60c; 'July,
5.70c: September, : 5.85c: December. '6.20c.
. DRIED • FRUITS.> .7>... . ¦'
EVAPORATED . APPLES— Showed : a? firm
tone and pretty ' good- inquiry. ". Prices remain
unchanged.' State,- common; to good, 7@8?ic;
prime, 9@9%c: r choice, 9%@10c; 2 fancy,- 10 Vi
@llc. ;.• : ¦ ¦ '-. ¦'•-, ¦.¦.,¦¦.-,. ¦¦ „ - .,;- .-..- ; : .,
.-. The. market for; California' dried : fruits- also
shows . firmness. -, Arricots; -and v peaches ""> are
meeting with a good.demand at. full prices. '¦
PRUNES— 3%@6?ic.- • ' - • ¦¦:
APRICOTS— Royal; 10@14e; . Mooroark,' Q%
@12%C. V... --,•-¦ ; :. -.-.. / , - ¦¦;.*
PEACHES — Peeled;. 14@18c; • unpeeled, 8®
0%c: :< :• •-'• ; ¦-.•;..-¦--/ ._ • . .. ••
¦ New York: Metal 'Market.'.':/;
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— A betterment of 2s
LONDON Feb. 18.— Consols. 94 7-16; silver,
25 7-16d ;. French rentes, lOlf 15c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firm,, not active;^No. |lj standard
California, 30s ¦ 3d ; -Walla Walla,' 29s 3d ; , Eng
lish country markets, quiet and steady."' t '*'-
LIVERPOOL,; Feb. IS.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, . 6s '4d@6s ; 4%d;: wheat in
Paris, .weak ; flour . in , Paris, weak; French
country markets, dull;, weather In England,
cold' and - damp. ¦ :-#&i£8£tlS*Wg£im
- COTTON— Uplands, 4 U-16d. ¦ '•
Foreign Markets.
Stations— '
Eureka
¦Red Bluff ........;..
Sacramento. .........
Pan FranciscO
Fresno ..'...'..;
In<3ep*ndenr« .........
Kan Luis Oblspo.....
I^os Angeles .:
San Diego
Last 24 This Last
Hours. Season. Season
.,0.00 34.44
.. O.OO ¦ 17.C8 18.90
.. 0.00 1 *9.23 14.44'
.. O.OO 10.51 15.25
. . 0.00 2.86 9.45
.. 0.00 1.39 8.47
. . O.OO 7.82 26.33
.. 0.00 4.22 13.5.0
..0.00 2.46 8.55
'¦¦ : ¦'¦ WASHINGTON. , •}{", V-:. .::'.'¦
TACOMA, Feb. 18.— WHEAT— Quiet ' and
steady; bluestem, C5%c; club, C4#c.
PORTLAND,' Feb. 18,— WHEAT— Steady and
quiet; 65%@66c for Walla " Walla; . 66%c for
bluestem and Coc for.' valley.:.. ; -. : -, ¦ <.".;
OREGON
Northern . Wheat Market.
Condition of tlie\ Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— To-day's treasury
statement: Available cash balances, $172,100,'
206; gold; $86,317,917.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, ae compared with those of the same dale
laFt sfsson, and rainfall in the last twenty-four
hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 18. 1902—5 p. m,
Weather Report.
. Supplies of Butter continue light, though the
market is hardly as bare as ilt has been for two
or three days back. 'The. feeling continues firm'
and 'it is: no trouble to sell, the goods' at -full
flffures.'->.. .¦¦'.'; -.¦¦¦ .*-.','.¦'. -,'Si... ¦- ¦ ..¦,»¦- . ... ¦
¦".Eggs continue stiff, but Mike Butter there are
rather, more » on i the -market, "as, receipts ; have
been. running large for, some days, those yester
day .^ being ¦;' the heaviest ' thus : far ¦'. this ¦ season.'
, Several V cars * could S be ¦ shipped " to Chicago and
the Northwest, i but . the northern | coast I demand
Is; so j sharp '. that It; keeps the market cleaned
up too ; closely, for : much rail ¦ shipping. . .'Besides
Chicago % wants; a v, time > delivery- guaranteed
which cannot very .well . be done. :» The "local , de
mand is " also ; first-class and , the market rules
firm:'- ¦;'.:;.>. "'¦ ::-:.i\ ... ':v;-; ¦¦•_ y_--:-.
•- Cheese continues steady, at' the familiar quo
tations.'»'-*¦.<•; : :,; i . - ' ¦ ' ; C" * : •
,- •;¦ Receipts : were "41,700 pounds, — — - . tub3 and
.bbls ' of • Butter, >1554. cases "of .'Eggs, 5150
pounds t, of v California Cheese,' 63C0 ;. pounds ;, of
Oregon * Cheese ¦' and '.— — .," pounds ' of Eastern
J Cheese.- .-'u ."'..-; : . ¦ - ,¦.¦-¦
... .BUTTER — Creamery, ¦2S%!0 : 29c per. .lb-. for
fancy, ' 27%@28c for firsts ' and . 26@27c ' for sec
cnds:dalry, 22@'27 1 /!>c: store Butter,' 17(gl9c per
pound.** 1. . • : -i • :¦¦ ¦¦¦;
¦ ; CHEESE— New, 11 %c ; ; old. : 1 0@l lc ; . Youiig
America, *12@13c; Eastern, i:;@15c per lb. >
v.EGGS-^Ranch j 21c,'. and , in . a small f way ' 22c
for '• selected . : large, and 20c : for good ¦ to ¦' choice ;
store, *.IS@20C per, dozen. ;...;.. •; ,v>,
Deciduous : and ¦ Citrus. Fruits.
. There is 1 nothing new in .'Apples or Oranges.
SuLDUes'are moderate and -prices stand as be-.
Butter, Cheese- and. Eggs
; - GAME— Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails 'and $1~ for Brush; Gray Geese, S2@3;
White Geese, .75c@$l 25; , Braqt. . $1 2o@2' per
dozen ;.' Honkers, $3@4; r English Snipe.' ?3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50@2; Robins, $1 50 per dozen.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c; Live
Turkeys, 12%@14c for. Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese,. per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2
@2 25; Ducks, $5^5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens,^$4 5O1R6: young Roosters. $5 50@
6; ; old " Roosters, . $4@4 50: Fryers,-. $5@5 50;
Broilers, 3 $4 50@5 for large , and . $.3 50@4- . f or
small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$2 50@2 75 for Squabs. % - " ¦ .-: •— - . . ¦•;
.Receipts of 'JGame I were 65 sacks and 'good
stock >old readily. : "A great deal of the. game
is. coming ¦¦ to ! hand 'in bad order, r owing to the
recent close weather. •"¦ .'
No Eastern Poultry was received ¦ yesterday
and receipts of. California were very light;
Young stock was in demand and higher. Choice
large : stock . sold . In - some .instances - above . the
quotations. , i Dressed Turkeys were In moderate
receipt, , but met with slow sale.
Poultry and Game.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, . Feb. 18.— Clearings, $425,521;
balances, . $68,862. :- ¦ ' ¦ ' .
New York Cotton Market.
-, NEW YORK,' Feb: 18. — Cotton closed steady,
with prices net : unchanged to 4 points; higher.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— Money on call was
steady at 2@2% per cent.' "Prime mercantile
paper, 44?4% per cent. ¦ Sterling exchange ; was
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4,87% for demand and, at $4 84%@4 84% for
elxty days. Posted rates,. $4 85% and $4 S8.
Commercial bills, $4 84U@-t 8u%. > Bar silver,
55%c. Mexican dollars, 44%c. .
Government bonds, .steady; State bonds,' in
active; railroad bonds, firm.
Nezv York Money . Market.
Territory wools continue to head the list
Fine 1 mediums are quoted at - 44®l5c .for
scoured, with the range up to'46©47c.-Me
diums are quoted .at I 38@40c, with 1 occasional
fancy lots . going i higher. Australian I wools
are firm, but available offerings are small. .
• BOSTON, Feb. 18. — The > demand for wool
has been rather quiet' this week, but there is
no: weakness shown.in the market and values
have been 1 well I maintained. There is a' gen
eral. feelina: of confidence among, dealers, al
though any marked advance In prices is . not
expected.' . ' ¦¦ ' , .¦» .• , . . -. •
Boston Wool Market.
Money rates are unaltered.. The market was
compelled to renew all bank loans and seems
to be at the bank's mercy until the end of the
month. The new Imperial, Tobacco Company
has been subscribed twice over. A
The American department j was the ¦ only
healthy spot in the whole market, the shares
being hard through. «*Kew York came a buyer
of the •"¦'v-priced coalers. London sold United
States Steel, but America absorbed our offer
ings. Rio Tlntos sold at 45%.- ¦ • ' ..
The stock market watf weak to-day on 'the
continuance of forced % sales of Kaffirs . by
plungers, but the resumption of the rise is ex
pected soon. Investment shares were dull on
the announcement that the Leeds .Corporation
is about to offer the public a' bond issue of
f2.000.000. ¦ v • ¦
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram «ays:
London Market'.
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000. Sheep and lambs
steady. <Good to choice wethers, $4 75@5 25;
fair to choice • mixed, ( $3 85@4 60;.; Western
sheep, $4 50@6; native lambs and yearlings,
$3 75@6 CO; Western Iambs, . $5 25<g6 25. ,
HOGS — Receipts - to-day. 29.0C0; . to-morrow,
42,000; left' over, 6000. Market 5@10c higher.
Mixed and butchers, $5 75(g« 25; good to choice
heavy, $0 20@0 35; rough heavy, $5 85® 6 15;
light. $5 50@5 60; bulk of sales, $5 90® 0 20.
CHICAGO, .Feb. 18.— CATTLE — Receipts,
500.. -Market active and strong. ¦¦ Good to prime
steers, nominally ; $6 50@7; : poor ¦ to; medium,
$4@6 40; stockers" r- and --. feeders, f2 25@4 75;
cows, $1 25@5 40; heifers, $2 00@o 50; can
ners, $1 25(g2 25; bulls, $2 50@4 CO; calves."
$2 50®7 25; Texas :¦ fed steers, $4 25@5 75.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK; Feb. 18.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications to Bradstreets show
the- follow ine changes In I available* supplies
from last accounts: . . ¦ • .- > : .- ¦• , ¦ • ¦ -
¦ \Vhe8t — United States and Canada; ' east of
the Rockies, decreased -583, 000 bushels ;„ afloat
for and fn . Europe, decreased 1,200,000 bush
eU; total supply decreased 1.7S3.000. bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreasad 435.000 bushels. "
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 325,000 - bushels. •
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— " March. 'May.
Opening 02% 02%
Closing 0 2% C 2Vi
. . PARIS.; •
Wheat — " Feb. May- Aug.
Opening .....2125 22 35
Closing..... 2120 22 40'
Flour — ¦ • . ; : .
Opening ..:.:....."......,.. 26 75 '28 00
Closing ..... .:......... 26 75 28 00
' POTATOES — $1 10@l 05. for Burbanks from
the river; -, Salinas . Valley '¦> Burbanks, $1 50®
1 85; Oregon ¦ Burbanks.-\ $1 40@l 75; Oregon
Garnet. Chiles, $1 40©l 55; River Reds, fl 50®
1 60; ¦ Early: Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 75; small
Burbanks, for seed, $1 25@1 45; Sweets, ?1 50
for Merced. .'
ONIONS-^-Oregons, $2@2 50. first hands; Ne
vada, $2 65: Green Onions,' 50@C5c per box.
• VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 35<g60c per.-lb;
Rhubarb, .ll@12%c; Green , Peas from Los An
geles, 5@7c; String Beans, from Los Angeles.
10@15c,., Including Wax;" Cabbage, 40@50c per
ctl;- Los 'Angeles Tomatoes, $1 f>0@2 per, box
an«l .?2f/ 2 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes,' $2@>
2 50 per box for repacked: Dried Peppers,, 12 %ffi
15c*per lb: Los Angeles do, 15@17%c; Dried
Okra, 12%@15c;.per lb; Carrots,, 35@oOc per
sack; 'Hothouse Cucumbers, ?1<S1 25 per dozen
for large and PC@ 75c ; for small; Garlic, 1%@
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 20@25c; Mex
ican do, 20c;-'Bgg -Plant from Los Angeles,
; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, $2@
2 25: ¦ Marrowfat Squash. $S@10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, ?8@10; Mushrooms, 40c@$l 50 per
box. ':,.¦¦ - - :' ' , ,- .. ¦ ..-" t -¦— ."¦•¦-.- ¦
Yesterday being Tuesday receipts of Los An
geles Vegetables were .light and most kinds
were scarce. Green Peas and Beans were plen
tlfuland sold at previous prices. Receipts of
Asparagus were. 10 boxes, and as some of the
stock 1 was poor the quotations, have a wider
range. : Ten boxes of Rhubarb, were received.
There, is no change In Onions. Supplies are
ample and the- market Is : weak. ¦ The steamer
Sonoma brought up 290 crates from New Zea
land.; .,-....'' . - ' ¦ , : .
The Oregon steamer Is expected to bring in
10,000 sacks -of Potatoes , and 800 sacks of
Onions .' to-day. ,; Oregon V Potatoes . are- well
cleaned out of first " hands and as there" Is a
good demand for all kinds of Potatoes dealers
do not expect the heavy arrivals will hurt 1 the
market. The demand for Seed Potatoes : con
tinues strong - and , Early Rose are becoming
scarce. Two cars of Sweet Potatoes came. In,
but only one of them was placed on the mar
ket/-. - "-¦-:.• I -. -¦'¦•¦'¦ ' ' ". .' -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS — Bayos. '¦ $2 35@2 60; Small ¦ White,
$2 90©3 20 :• Large White. $2 75@2 00: 'Pea.
$3 50@4; Ptnki $l'.00®2-20; Red. ?2 75@3;
Black eye, 53 75®4; Limas, $4 45@4 65; Red
Kidneys, $a 85©4, per ctl. • .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 75®2 00; Tel
low ' Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,, from Utah,
0@9%c; California. 8@S%c; Rape, l%@2V4c;
Hemp. 3%c per lb. ¦ '
DRIETD PEAS — Nominal.
Seeds show some slight changes. Dried Pea&
are . nominal, there being practically none on
the market. ¦ . • '
Colored Beans, are meeting with some atten
tion for shipping account, and are quoted. firm,
while the white kinds are Inactive and rather
easy than otherwise, with weakening markets
East ¦¦ - . : - ..-,¦ ¦ ' ' ¦¦ .
Beans and Seeds.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 4,400 77% 77% 75%
AtchlBon pfd 8,U(W 98% '98 98
Bait & Ohio 000 105% 104ft 104%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 1.100 94% 94% 94%
Canadian Pacific .. 300 115% 115% 115
Canada Southern . . 100 87 87 ' «7
Chesapeake & Ohio. 700 40 U 46 44 -
Chic & Alton .. 9,200 34% 33% 34%
.Chic & Alton pfd.. 1,400 7CH 75% 76
Chic Ind & Louis..* 9,200 58% I>5% 58%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. f.OCIO 79% 70% 79%
Chic & East 111.... 200 141 141 141
Chls & Great West. 5<tO 24% 24% 24%'
Chic & G W A pfd. ' 100 . 66 S6 8o«^
Chic & G W B pfd 46
Chic & Northwest ..: 218
Chic Rock I & Pac 1,200 145 144 143%
Chic Ter & Tr 16%
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 400 31% . 31 31V.
CCC&St Louis. . 300 102% 101 V. 102 V*
Colo Southern . 7,400 10 \18% 18%
Colo Sou 1st pfd...' 2.5CK) Cti-'Ji (>«%'. tJCVi
Colo Sou 2d pfd 4,400 35>4 34%: 34%
Del & Hudson 1.2.00 173% 172 172
Del Lack & West.. . 1,300 200 2S5 "285
Denver & Rio G... 100 44% 44% 44%
Denver & R G pfd. 1.600 »3% 03% 1)3%
Erie 13.500 40U 39% 39%
Krie 1st- pfd 2.400 70^h <SW% •>»%
Erie 2d pfd 1.1OO 57«/4 57 5G%
Great Northern pfd 2,200 190«£ 18»% 190
Hocking Valley ...- 200 68 . 08 • 68.
Hocking Val pfd... 300 84 8i% 84
Illinois Central ... 000 141% 141 141
Iowa Central 700 49 48% 4S%
Iowa Central pfd... 700 60%. 80 SO
Lake- Erie & West. ;. C7 '
Lake E & W pfd... 1OO KB j:«3 1:J2
Louisville & Nash. .1.300 1CO% 105 . 105
Manhattan L. ..... 2,900 l.'JIMu 133% 13. - Hi
Metropolitan St Ry 11,900 171% 170% 171%
Mexican (Jentral . . 200 * 28% v 28% 28%
Mexican National.. ' 100 ' 10% • -16% ¦ 10%
Minn & St Louis... ' 7C0 110% . 110>* 100%
Missouri Pacific ... 8.000 103Vi 103v, "103%
Mo Kan & Tex..... 2.500 20 2594 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 2,300 50% 50% B5%
N J Central " .... 193
N Y Central ... 1.100' 1W% 163% 163%
Norfolk & West... 2,200 58 ' 573i 57vt
"Norfolk & W pfd.. ..... 90V4
Ontario & West... 30,800 '35 3.TU. 34V4
Pennsylvania.. 22.700 151% 151. 151
Reading 35.800 59 . -58% 58%
Reading 1st pfd... . 8,700' 84% 84 84%
Reading 2d pfd.... .7,500 "70% ti$% CO
StL&SF... 400 1 62% 61% 61%
St L & S F 1st pfd. .... - .... S3
St X. & S F 2d pfd. * 200 73% 73V, • 72T4
St L Southwest ' BOO 27Vi 26% 26
St L Southwest pfd • 1,800 . C0>4 59 -.'¦•• 59 -.
St Paul .... ... .".... 4,800 . 160% , 165% 165%
St Paul pfd..... ;'. .... % ..\.-l90 -,
Southern Pacific .. 35,700 67% 66% 06%
Southern Ry 3,000 33% 33% r : 33%
Southern Ry pfd...' 2,000 • S8% 96% 96%
Texas -&: Pacific.;.. 14,600 43% '42%. 42ti
Tol St L & West.. .1,500 22 21%. 21»4
Tol St L& Wpfd.. 2,300 42% i 41% 41%
Union Pacific - . 10,600 103% .103 103%
Union Pacific pfd.' 1,000 83% 89% 89
Wabasb '... 4,200 2."%.- 24% 24 T4
Wabash pfd ...... 14.400 44% 44 44 -
W & L Erie. 2,000. 20 19»i 19T4
W & L E 2d pfd. 2,300 32 • 30% 31 U
Wisconsin , Central.'- 4,300 , ,21% ' 21% 21*4
Winconsin Cen pfd 200 -41%' 41% 41%
Express Companies— . ' • ' '
Adams ... ...... .... : .'. 195 ,
American ."......- ..v. — .", .. ...-." 230
United States .... : 100 115 115 115
Wells Fargo ..~Z... " . . . . i- .;.. .... 100
'¦ Miscellaneous — ' - ' • " •
Amalg Copper-... 24,400 7HJ- 68% 68Ti
Am Car & Found. 1,500 29%" 28% 2S%
Am Car & F:. pfd. 400 83% ¦" SSVi •-'88U
Tf"i'** *T* rYiirBTTiWrwMr1P«i^*igi*T^WMfci-if*wia^B^ flWfaia ¦ VT
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— The restrictive Influ
ence on trading of yesterday's storm was lifted
to-day, yet the volume of trading was only half
a million shares. There was some show of
strength during the morning hours, but it dwin
dled during the day and the market generally
turned downward. Some stocks which had the
advantage of early advances did not suffer ma
terially on the day, but the general level of
prices at the end was lower than yesterday.
The disinclination to trade in stocks of the
greater railroad systems, especially those of the
Transcontinental group, was very marked. - It
might have been due to the efforts making for
a revision of transcontinental freight rates or
it might be explained by' the growing inclina
tion to await next Monday's session of the Su
preme Court and - a possible decision in the
Northern Securities Company case before ven
turing upon speculative commitments in this
group of stocks, which have so much at stake
in the decision of that case. Speculative opin
ion Is in a perplexed state as to the merits
of the Metropolitan Street Railway plan. The
machinery of the plan is so complicated and the
bearings of Its operation so obscure that little
can be made of it and the general public is in
clined to look askance at the securities In
volved. That the interest of insiders Is sup
porting the price of the stock pending the com
pletion of the plan is obvious, but the price
ran off more than a point in the late dealings
to-day. This had a deterrent influence on spec
ulation elsewhere. The same was true of the
weakness of Amalgamated Copper, which lost
2% in the day's dealings. The futility of- the
efforts to advance Southern Pacific and Sugar
were additional Influences in the same direction.
Another group which was active and strong was
the Southwesterns. Conjectures are rife of plans
looking to financial consolidation in this group
also. -Wide gains are made by a number of
usually inactive stocks,' the last previous sales
of which were many months old In some cases.
The money market remained easy, but confi
dence over its future is not fully assured. Ster
ling exchange advanced a fraction, here to-day
and fell a fraction at Paris. The margin of
profit of gold exports to Paris Is very narrow
and both these movements tended toward wip
ing out the margin. The firmness of London
money markets is an additional factor. This
ma'kes It possible that engagements of gold for
export on Thursday will be made to-morrow.
The growing dullness and heaviness in the
market was-due in part to this : development.
The dose was irregular, but there were only
slight rallies. Wabash debentures constituted
the bulk of the business in bonds, but they lost
practically all of their gains. Total sales, par
value, $5,300,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. . ' ¦ ¦ . - .
New York Stock Market.
Articles— ' ¦¦':\~ ¦ ¦ -Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....;...... 2(5,000 22, COO
Wheat, bushels ...... ...87.000 71.000
Corn, bushels :.......... 87,000 .18,000
Oats, bushels ............224,000 . 70,000
Rye, bushels ; 2,000 l.COO
Barley, bushels : . . . . 61,000 • 26,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. 19 1 /4@2S%c; dair
ies, 18@24c. Cheese, steady, 10@12c. - Eggs,
firm; fresh,- 23@33%c.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c;
local make,' %c less than Calcuttas; San Quen
tins, $5 55; "Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine,
7}a@Sc. .
CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit Canners' Association quotes the follow
ing prices for 1902, per case, 2 dozen cans to
the case: Mammoth White, $2 50®3 75; Large.
¦White, $2@3 75; , Medium White, $1.75@2 «5;
Small White, $1 60; Mammoth Green, $2 05®
3 C5: Larss Green, $2@2 90; Medium Green,
(1- 75(92 50; Small Green, $1 50. -
' CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canner3 quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 05@l 15; Apricots, $1®1 50; Peaches,
yellow. $1 20@l 65; do. Uraon Cling. 51 30®
1 75: Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 70; Plums, 9Oc<©
$1 25; Nectarines, $1®1 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c
4t$l .S3; Quinces, $1 10@l 55; Strawberries,
?1 30@l 75: Blackberries. $1 30® 1 60.
.. COAL— Wellington. $» per ton; Southfield
Wellington, '$0; Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50:
Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $S 50: Co-operative
Wallsend. *8 50; Cumberland. > $12 in bulk and
$13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
— -; Welsh Anthracite, $14; Cannel. 511 per
ton ; Coke. $15 . per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $S. 50 per ton. according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as f ollows : " Pure Manila. 16c per lb;
Sisal size, ' 11 Vic: Bale Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex.
10%c; Terms, CO days, or 1% per cent cash
discount." Lots of 10,000 lbs lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
cases, '.Regular, 4c; cases. Extra Large, 4%c;
cases. Eastern style, 5%c: Boneless, 4%c;
••Norway," 5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5%c;- "Sliver
Kins," Ci/Je; Blocks. •"Orientals,". 5%c; Blocks.
"Seabrlght," 5%c; Tablets, 6%c; Middles, 6%
@7 J ,ic; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 8c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless. 7@Sc; Desiccated, per
dozen. ' 75c; • Pickled • Cod, barrels, each, $7-
Pickled Cod, half barrels, each. 1 $4.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14(gl5c for strictly
prime, to fancy washed (new crop);' 11%@12%c
nominal for prime washed: . 10Vi@llc nominal
for good washed: — ®i:Jc for good washed (new
crop); 10»2@12%c nominal. for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%@10%c> nominal for fair
to prime peaberry; 10® lie nominal for good to
prime; 8%@0%c nominal for fair; ; 6@7% c for
common to ordinary.
. Salvador — 12i/iigl3c nominal for strictly
prime 'washed: 10%@12c nominal for good to
prime washed; 0@10c nominal for fair washed 1
10%(gll%c nominal for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@10%c nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; IKyD^ic nominal for superior un
washed; — @8%c for good green . unwashed • 9®
U?ic for good to superior unwashed peaberry G
@7c for common to ordinary. ¦ .'
.^Nicaragua — 12@15c • nominal for prime tn
fancy washed: 9%@llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed ;.8%«S 9c nominal for eoort
to superior unwashed; 9'&!)%c nominal for lood
to prime' unwashed peaberry. . *
. Guatemala and • Mexican — 12%<B15ii c tnr
prime , to ¦ fancy washed - (new ; crop) • li v i»i «v»
for strictly. good, washed (new crop)- li<a?iiv7
for! good washed (new_ crop); 9%@i6c for fair
washed; 8-g'Jc lor medium; &37%c for inferior
to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to prime Sffid
peaberry: 0%@lUc. nominal for good to nrlrni
unwashed peaberry; 8%®9%c nominal for ?£5d
to superior unwashed. - rsma
• LEATHER — Sole. : heavy, '29®.?>c- »¦«•?,..
heavy, 30@40c per ¦ lb : medium 27®20c • II rht
2W2fc;. Rough -Leather. V 26@28c; Harae^s
Leather, heavy r,o@39c for * No I • and KO®IS
for No.- 2; medium. :5Q@37c: light 'Jm?££
Skirting. No. 1. 4Og42cT No. \ 2 ¦ 36®3S? ¦ ™ '
lar . Leather. 15®16c per foot: trace ?L»k»h?r
40@44c: Kip. unfinished.. 40<S50cpVr Mb- VelT'
finished, l(i<S>17c per foot; Belt Knife Snlifi'
14*»lGc; Rough; Splits. 8®10c per lb -
? iwS5S^^; :^^i'Sv^
nt??^™'-^! 1S i h -.i her: California Castor
Oil. incases.. No.-l. i0c;'pure Sl:20- Linseprf
Oil, , in barrels, boiled, i 76c; raw 74c- ~ S e<T
5c more: Lucol. e6c- for , boiled 'and &4c- for
raw., in barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strain
ed, barrels.. Hoc, cases. We; China Nut "'57 v,®
€Sc per gallon;. pure Neatsfoot. In barrels 70c;
cases. ,7oc;' Sperm, -^ .-pure, -65c; r' Whale ' Oil,
•natural white, ICSOOc, per gallon; Fish Oil!
General Merchandise.
.Beef and Mutton are about %c lower. Veal,
too. is being sold for less money. Lamb keepa
up, being in light supply. There Is no further
change in Hogs and the packers report enough
corning in to fill the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : ',
•BEEF — ti%@7c for Steers and 6@G%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%®8c; Ewes, 7c per
pound. - ' <
LAMB— Yearlings, 0@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 12V>c per lb. ,
PORK — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6@
6%c; 200 lbs and over. $5%@5%c: feeders, 5%c;
sows,: 20 : per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations; dressed Hogs. 7^®Uc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Good sound Hides are reported steady enough,
but they are in light supply, most of the stock
on the market .being grubby.'
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy . salted
Steers, lie; magnum, 10c; light, Uc; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and S%c for light; Stags,
7c; Salted Kip, 0c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 10>/.c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, Me; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, lu@30c each; short
Wool. 40@»i0c each; medium, 65@75c; long
Wool, SOc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
@3 for large 'and $2 50 for medium; $1 75@2 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75
for large, $1»25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins, 30c; fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins^ — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
S5c. ,. ¦
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. SMiQSc per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2Vi@3c. — - ¦¦ ¦ = - -
"WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin, 6<gSc; San Joa
quin Lambs', 7%@8%c; Middle County, 8@10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c; - do
fall, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — lC&llc for fair and ll%@12c per ib
for. good to choice. Local dealers , quote 13®
17^ic for shipment. .:
There is nothing doing In Wool, as stocks
are practically • exhausted. The spring clip Is
expected to begin to figure in the .course of
three weeks "or so.
Hops, like ; Wool, are ; well ' cleaned up, there
being none of any consequence in first hands.
Dealers have advanced their prices * for ship
ment, as already mentioned. .-¦•¦¦
Tailow continues scarce and in demand at
full figures. ¦„ .-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. Cash . auotations were as follows: : Flour,
steady; No. ¦ 3 spring wheat, 73@75%c; No. 2
red, 84%@S5%c; No. 2 oats, • 43%c; No. 2
white, :45<3>46c: No. o white, 43%@4Cc; No. 2
rye, 61%c; fair to choice malting barley. 60@
63c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 67%; No. 1 Northwest
ern. -$172; crime timothy seed. $0 50; mess
pork, per bbl, $15 70@15 75; lard, per ICO-lbs,
$9 25@9 27% ; short - ribs sides (loose), $8 35®
S 50; dry salted shoulders . (boxed), 7@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 75@S 85;, whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 28; clover, contract
grade, §9 28. . •
EUREKA SUMMARY. — Very little farm
work done during the past -week. Rain continu
ous and general; rivers overflowing their banks
and flooding contiguous farms, but no mate
rial damage reported.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY. — Except In
feme eastern valleys grain and gracs are suiter
ing badly for rain. Without timely and abun
dant rains there is little prospect for grain and
hey crops. Orange shipments are generally
act;\ - e. - .-.-"¦ '.-.¦",
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Generally clear,
cool weather has prevailed during the week,
with fogs in some sections and light sprinkles
of rain along the- coact. The fogs have been
bcnrficial to barley. and wheat, and fair, cross
ar? probable If the usual late rains occur. Con
ditions have been favorable for walnuts end de
ciduouF fruits. Irrigation has commenced In
orange and lemon groves, as the soil is becom
ing very dry. Late eown grain In San Diego
County continues in pood condition, and will
not suffer for rain for two weeks. Plowing and
seeding are prnjeressinff In some sections.
SAN JOAQCIN VALLEY.— Warm weather
has continued during the week. Rain has fallen
in nearly all parts of the valley, varying from
one inch in the northern counties to light show
ers In the south. From Fresno County north
ward the rainfall has been very beneficial, and
prain and feed are In good condition. Kern,
Kings and Tulare counties, and the lower por
tion of Fresno County, have received very little
rain during the season, and crops are in poor
condition; grain is reported as nearly ruined in
fsome places, and gTeen feed Is very scarce.
Grain and grass have made rapid growth in the
northern districts and plowing and seeding: con
tinue. Deciduous fruit prospects are reported
excellent. Pruning is nearly completed.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. — Warm weather
and frequent heavy rains during the week have
been very beneficial to all crops, causing rapid
growth of grain and grass. In the vicinity of
Vacaville the rainfall amounted to over three
Inches for the week. Farm and orchard work
hjts been temporarily suspended, but no dam
age has been done by high water. Grain is In
excellent condition, and prospects are good for
hea\y crops. Green feed has never been more
plentiful. Stock is in prime condition. Vine
yards and orchards continue thrifty. The acre
age of deciduous fruits and grapes is being con
siderably increased in tome sections. Almond
trees are in full bloom.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS. — Warm
weather has continued during the week, and
crops have made rapid growth. Rain has fallen
in all sections, greatly benefiting grain and
pasturage. The central and northern counties
received heavy rainfall, retarding farm and
orchard work in some places, but causing no
damage. In the southern counties the precipi
tation -was much lighter, but of great benefit to
crops and feed. Grain prospects are very good,
especially In the northern dietrictc, and pastur
age is plentiful. Deciduous fruit trees are in
excellent condition, and give indications of
abundant crci>s. Almond trees are In bloom,
and prune and peach buds are swelling. The
hlgrh southwest vrlnd on Friday caused no ma
terial damage. •
Orchards and vineyards are looking well. Al
mond trees are in full bloom and peach and
prune buds are swelling in the" central and
northern counties. Deciduous fruit prospects
are excellent in nearly all sections. The prun
ing of trees and vines Is nearly completed.
From Fresno northward crop prospects con
tinue excellent. Grain has made rapid growth
and is in splendid condition. The outlook for
heavy crops of wheat and barley was probably
never better at this date. South of that point
there in considerable doubt of raising even a
fair crop of grain unless abundant rain comes
very soon, and the hay. crop is also reported in
danger. Green feed is plentiful in the central
and northern districts and stock are in prime
condition. Alfalfa is making good growth.
Plowing and seeding continue In some sections.
Irrigation water is reported scarce in portions
of the south.
GENERAL SUMMARY.— Warm weather has
continued in the central and northern portions
of the State during the week, but the tempera
ture has been elightly below normal in South
ern California. Heavy rains have fallen In the
£acramento Valley and nearly .all parts of
Northern California, with light showers in the
eouthern part of the San Joaquin Valley, the
•southern coast counties and Southern Califor
nia. The high southwest wind on Sunday
caused no material damage.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and cropjeervice of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
¦ Hay is steady at the 'slight 'decline already
mentioned, with sufficient demand to absorb
all the receipts. Feedstuffs remain as pre
viously quoted, except - Rolled . Barley, which
is higher. ¦ . ," . . •
BR AN— $1S 5C@19 per ton. ' ¦
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing,
?2S 5O@20; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31@32;' Cracked Corn, $31 00@32 50; Mixed
Feed; $17@18 60; Cpttcmseed Meal. $20 50.
HAY— Wheat, $10013; fancy, $13 50; Wheat
and Oat, $10@13; Oat, ¥0@H: Alfalfa. $8@
11; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, $0 50@9; Stock,
$15@8 50 per ton. ' ,
STRAW— 40@65c per bale. "
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3' 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 5C;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and ti
@3 CO for Bakers' ; Washington 'r Bakers, $30
3 50.' . . • ¦ ¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual .' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs;- Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. ?:; 25;
extra cream do, $4; .Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@-i 25; Bupkwheat Flour, $4@ I 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 30; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats- (barr«ls>, • $<i S5@
8 35; in sacks, ¦ $0 G0@8; -Pearl .Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $0 50 per 100 ibs. . I
Flour and Millstuffs.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Wednesday, probably becoming threatening In
the afternoon; light southerly wind. .
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official. .
Northern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day, with $hower3 en the northwest coast; light
southerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday ;• light
west wind.
Nevada — Fair "Wednesday; light easterly
wind.
The temperature has fallen In Northern Ari
zona and remained nearly stationary in other
districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco' for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 19, 1902: ,
The pressure has fallen [ slowly . along the
coast irom Point Conception northward, and
risen rapidly over the plateau and Roocky
Mountain regions. . . • >•• ».¦ \ ;. •
Cloudy weather prevails over Oregon, Wash
ington and the Rocky. Mountain region. Else
where on the Pacific Slope fair weather pre
vails. Light raln'tias fallen along Puget Sound
and enow in the Rocky Mountain region.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one- tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. , -
¦ LARD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound and 10%@Uc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins, 12c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb : tot
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
I4%c for extra-light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, ll%(g?12%c; Mesa Beef, $9 50@10 per
barrel; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 50®
12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra' clear, $22 50®
23; Mess, $18 5O@1S»; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c
per lb. ¦ ¦
The <~ San Francisco market was "Steady at
the advance already noted in Hams and Bacon.
The demand, however, is nothing extra, the
market, in fact, being quiet. . .
The Chicago market was rather firmer again,
though receipts of Hogs were large and disap
pointing to holders.
Provisions.
The following retail quotations for meats ar«
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' " Protective Association:
BEEF— Roast, 10@lSc per lb: Tenderloin
Steak, 15ijjfl7i4.c: Porterhouse Steak, 17%@20c;
Round Steak, 10@12%c; Stew Beef, SfflOc;
Corned Beef, SiglOc.
VEAL — Roast. 10@15c; Cutlets, 15@18c.
MUTTON — Roast. ,10@12%c; Chops. 10@
12»i'C: Stew. 8c.
LAMB— Spring. 12%@20c; Roast, 12%@15c;
Chops, 12%@18c.
PORK— Roast, 12V-@15c; Chops, 15c.
Retail Meat Prices.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pac Light ..44 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&RC 28% —
Mutual — 4% S F G & E.. 43*i 43
O G L & H. 52 — San Fran ... 5% 6
P»e G Imp. . 36% — Stktn G & E. S ",—
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 ' ¦
BANKS
Anglo-Cal ..80 85 LP&A....165 169
California :.42O — Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.116 111 S F Nationl.l37W —
First Natnl.. — — ....
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1850 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.305 330
Mutual Sav.. 73 85 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U. .512%T —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 175 (Market ..... 85 89%
Geary — 6Q IPresldlo .... 37% —
POWDER.
Giant 78% 70' IVlgortt ..... — Hi
SUGAR.
Hana 4U 4% Kllauea .... 9% 10
Hawaiian . . 37*4 40 MakaweU . .. 25^i 27
Honokaa ... 11% 12% Oncmea .... 23 24
Hntchisson .13% U\i Paauhau ... 13. —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.163% — Pac A F A.. — 3%
Cal Fruit As. 97% 08 Pao C Borax. 165 —
Cal Wine As. 99% — Par Paint . . 18 —
Oceanic S Co 36 —
Morning Session.
. Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association l&l 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 164 CO
15 Contra Costa -Water. , 73 62%
CO Hana, Plantation Co... 4 37 V»
20 Pacific Gas Imp 37 50
"O Pacific Gas Imp 37 "5
30 Pacific Gas I«p 37 00
. 10 Pacific Gas Imp..... 30 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co... 43 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 75 1
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 23
, 55 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
5o Spring Valley Water 8S 12%
$10OO S F & S J V 123 OO
$1000 S P of Arizona, (1310). 113 75
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5a 121 25
$10,000 N P C R R 5s .....100 00
Street— -
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 121 23
?6OCO Market-st R R Con 5s ,...122 00
$0000 Oakland Transit Co 5a ...Ill 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 73 75
15 Hana Plantation Co 4 25
30 Mutual Savings Bank. 80 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp ¦....37 00
5 Sacramento Electric, Gas & Ry.. 27 12*4
5 Sacramento Electric. Gas & Ry.. 2T OO
10 Sacramento Electric. Gas & Ry. . 26 50
5 Sacramento Electric, Gas & Ry. . 26 37^4
$1000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 122 00
$3C0O Bay Counties Power Co 5s 109 00
$4000 S P Cal 1st con 5s Ill 00
. ¦ Street —
5 'Spring Valley Water 88 12?4
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s ...99 50
$1000 Spring Valley 6» 114 00
PRODUCERS' OH. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Four- - 83
1500 Giant ........................... 30
9 Hanford 91 00
6 Hanford. ¦ 80 91 00
23 Hanford .*... 90 00
100 Home ...i . 3 80
100 Home, cash 3 80
1100 Monarch of Arizona IS
700 Oil City Petroleum 20
6594 Petroleum Center 06
5000 Petroleum Center, b 90 07
2000 Petroleum Center, b 60.. 07
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
2 Hanford ST 00
S0O Junction ...". « . . 24 •
1000 Junction, a 90 ..V, 24
lOOO.Llon • 07
500 Petroleum Center ;...; • 06
200 Rex 20'
200 Sterling • 1 12U
100 Sterling, b 90 1 17%
Following were the sales on the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Challenge 16 200 Mexican ..... 34
200 Con N T 03 200 Ophir 86
300 Gould Sc. Cur. .13
. Afternoon Session.
400 Chollar lit 300 Silver Hill... «3
200 C C & Va...l 301 500 Silver Hill... 61
300 Mexican 34 100 Yellow Jacket IT
100 Savage ...... 081
Following were the sales on th» Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher ..... 04 300 Ophir 93
300 Best & Bel... 24 500 Potosi .'. 10
100 C C & Va...l 30 500 Potosi 11
200 Gould & Cur. 13 300 Silver Hill... 65
S0O Mexican ..... 36 200 Union 21
300 Mexican ..... 33 - .
Afternoon Session.'-'
500 Belcher ..... 04 1 500 Mexican S3
200 Best & Belch. 23 200 Ophir ....... J>5
200 Challenge Con 1? 200 Potosi 11
800 Chollar 10 3C4) Savage .,....' 08
100 C C & .Va.'.'.l 30 100 Silver H111..V «1\
400 Gould & Cur. V.i 500 Utah . ....r. . 02 '
1C0 Mexican SI 300 Yellow Jacket . 17 ;
Continued on Page Eleven.
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. — 97H
H C&S 5%a. — — SF & SJVBs. — 123%
Do5j — 100 Sierra Cal 6slO5 110
L Ans R 5s.l20%121 S P of Ax 6s
!• A Light 6s — — (1909> . . . .112*4 —
Do gtd 6a. — (1910) 113%114i£
Do gtd 5s. 104% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 101% — (1905)Sr A.109 —
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.109& —
Mkt-st C fis.125% — (1906) 112 , —
Do lem 5s. 121% — (1912> 123 —
N R of C 6s. Ill — SP of Cal 1st
Do 5s 122% — c gntd 5a.. 120 —
N Fee C 5s.l08%109% Do stmpd-.lll —
N Cal R 53.112% — S P BrCal6s.l39 —
Oak Gas 5s.. 114 — S V Wat 6s. — 114
Oak Trn 6s.. 122 — Do 4s — —
Do 1st c 5s — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 102 —
Oak W G 5s. — 103% Stktn. Gas 6s.lO3 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74% 'Port Costa.. 63% 6fl
Marln Co... 59 — I Spring VaL.. 88 SSft
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76%103 Dceanlc 5s. ..101$il02
Bay CPC 5s.lOJ> 100% Ombus C 6s.l31 —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 95 97%>
C Costa. 5s — Pk&C H 6s.l0ft —
Ed,L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 63.120 — Pwl-st R 6s. 119^ —
TUESDAY. Feb. 18—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES " BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112% 4s qr c (new)138%139%
4s qr reg 112 112%|3s qr coup.,108%100
There was rather more doing In th»
oil stocks, Hanford and Petroleum Center be
ing freely dealt in. The Home Oil Company
has declared a dividend of 7%c per snare,
amounting to $7500, payable February 20. Tha
Chicago Crude Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 1 per cent, amounting to $10,000.
In the afternoon there were sales of Sacra
mento Gas and Electric at $27 12%G26 37%.
This stock has heretofore seldom appeared in
the list of sales, and the transactions, coming
in connection with the decline In the local light
Btocks on the morning session, ¦ may have some
significance. There was also a sale Of Mutual
Bank at $80. - v > i» ¦
"The light stocks were weak on tat morning
session of tha Bond Exchange. Gaa and Elec
tric declining to $44 and Pacific Gas to $36 50.
Otherwise there was no change.
Wlnnemucca .30.14 48 24 W Clear .00
Yuma 29.88 76 46 NW Clear .00
Temperature — 7 .a. m.', 48 degrees.
Articles— . Open. .High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February ........ ' ....¦¦ 75%
May ... .'. • 78% 7S% > 78 . 78%
July r.... ....... 7S% 7S% 78% . 78%
"Corn No. 2 — -
May-... ....'• 61%. 61% 61 01%
July. '.... - 61% . 61% 61 , 61%
September V. ...".- (JU% 60%' '60 OOVi
Oats No. .2— • '
May ........... 43% 44 43% 43%
July ......... 37 37% 3C%. 3tt%
September ..... 31% ,31% 31% 31%
Mesa Pork, per bbl —
May .....'......15 92% 15 95 15 87% 15 00'
July •.........;. 16 02% 16 05 15 95 15 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs — - • . •
May ........ 9 47% 9 50 9 47% 0 47%
July .: V..9 57% 0 62% 9 57^i 9 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May ....'.8 50 • 8 55 8 50 8 50
July '¦-. . .¦..-. ..... 8 60 • 8 62% 8 57% 8 60
September ..... 8 70 V 8 72% 8 70 . 8 70
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 18.
Flour, qr sks...^8.182 Wool, ska 4
Wheat, ctls .*13.510 Leather, roll*... 219
Barley, ctls 20,050 Hides. No....;.. 228
Oats. ctls....... 2.203 Pelts, bdls 155
Rye. ctls.../.... 440 Wine, gals 35.150
Beans, sks. 2,532 Brandy, gals.... 3,500
Potatoes, ska... 2,0«2 Lime. bbl» 182
Onions, sks 56* Sugar, ctls 1.1SO
Bran. sks. 1 1,240 Tallow, ctls.... 201
Middlings, sks.. 1.K30 Quicksilver, flks 100
Hay. tons 541 Chicory, bbls.... 25
Straw, tons..... .8 ,»-.:
OREGON. .
Potatoes, sks... 13 ( Wool, balsa S
CHICAGO. Feb! ; 18.— Wheat had a dull and
narrow^ market. ' The range. was within half a
cent'andin the main the tone was fairly firm.'
News was generally bearish, but an unexpected '
firmness ' In . Liverpool ' cables based on talk . of
a grain import duty and on cold weather helped
the market ;here materially at: the, opening.
Trade was principally | among the locals; with
some small buying. and covering earlier.' St.
Louis was a seller here and though. there was
some improvement in the cash and export situ
ations a bearish feeling developed on the corn
slump and depressed prices. May opened un
changed to %c up at 78%@78%c, sold to 78%c,
dropped to 1 78c and closed steady, a shade up,
at 78%@78%c '¦ . ¦ " .. ¦ - ¦
Lower cables and professional selling started
a' slump in; corn that for a time, bid fair to
demoralize" prices. The favorable crop reports
from • the . corn belt and a freer .movement
started some active selling. Commission house
buying and short covering for profits helped . a
rally late in the session. . May closed weak, .
%@%c lower at ei^gei^c. . ' , -
The . market ¦ for ' oats : was extremely slow.
May closed .%@%o down at 43%c. i'>
¦ Provisions were dull and closed - steady after
a fairly strong opening. . May pork closed 2%c
up, lard a shade higher and ribs -a shade up.
The leading futures ranged as follows; v
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, '6<36%c; 40-50's, 4%©5%c; 50-C0*s, 4%
@4%c; 60-70' s, 3%@4%c; 70-SO's. »%@3%c; SC
90's, 2%@3%c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6v*
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown,- 6c: 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Lay era,
$1 25@1 35. -
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll®12c: Walnuts, No.' 1
EOftshell, 9y.c; No. 2, 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell,
9c;. No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, : 9@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll®13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 5C©5.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 10©
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per.lb.
fore. •'. There - is a beter movement In . Lemons
and fancy stock is rather scarce. Three , car*
of New Orleans Bananas came -In, but most
of the stock was green. Hawaiian Bananas
are plentiful, and as recent arrivals ar« com
mencing to ripen the market is well supplied
and prices are lower. * There will be about four
cars of Oranges offered at the auction to-day.
• No . Strawberries were received from Santa
Barbara. . • . *
APPLES — $1 50@2 25 per box for extra, $1®
1 50 for good to choice and 50@75c for ordinary.
PEARS — From cold storage, 75c®$2 50 per
box. ¦ " ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards ?l'50@2 for choice and ?2@2 i5
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tangerines,
$1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@1 50; Malta
Blood Oranges,. $1 25 per half box; Lemons,
50c@$l for common and $1@1 50 for good to
choice and $1 75®2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit.
$1@2; Mexican Limes; $4@5; Bananas. ; $2 25®
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@
2 25 for Hawaiian;' Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen. - - . "
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Peaches are the most active description
.now. some carloads having recently changed
hands at full 'figures, and the buyers are bold-
Ing them .. with firmness. . Evaporated Apples
are also strong, with the lightest stocks ever
known at this time of the year. The other
fruits continue firm. ¦ Nuts and Raisins . are
in . light supply and well held. Honey - contin
ues the quietest article under this head.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for Royals and &Vi
@13c for standard to fancy Mcorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, S@S%c; sundried. 5c; Peaches,
6@8%c; Pears. ti@9c; Plums, pitted, 5@5%c;
unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red
and 5%@(i%c for white: Figs. 3c for black and
60@75c per box for white.
Fair business in local stocks and bonds.
Silver a fraction off. Sterling Exchange higher.
Wheat and Barley continue to advance. Ocean freights very weak.
Oats, Corn and Rye very -firmly held, but not active.
Hay steady at the recent decline. V'
Colored Beans in some demand for shipment. White kinds dull.
Some changes in Seeds. Dried Peas nominal.
Butter and Eggs continue very firm. Cheese steady.
Dried Peaches reported mere active, with carload sales.
Other Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins firmly held.
No further change in Provisions.
Wool and Hops well cleaned up. Tallow scarce and firm.
Beef and Mutton lower. Lamb unchanged. Hogs in ample receipt.
Fish Oil advanced 5c per gallon. ";.-. J V i
Potatoes firm and Onions weak. -
Fresh Fruits about as before. .
Poultry market in good shape for sellers.
-. LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, for money.94% Mo Kas <fe Tex... 26*s
Consols, for acct. 94 7-16 Mo Kas &. T pfd. 54'
Anaconda 6% N Y Central. ... .1C8%
Atchison 70% Nor.& Western.. 59 Vj
Atchlson pfd lOOVi Nor & West pfd;. 1)2%
Bait & Ohio...... 10754 Ont & Western.. :54 : !4
Can Pac .118 Southern Ry ; . . . 34%
Ches & Ohio 47% Southern Ry pfd. 9'J
Chgo Gt West... 25% Southern Pac CS%
CM & St P 170% Union Pacific 106U
T> & R G. 45% Union Pacific pfd. 92
D v & R G pfd 96 US Steel........ 45%
Erie 401', U S Steel pfd.... 97%
Erie 1st pfd.;... 71% Wabash ......... 25%
Erie 2nd pfd 57% Wabash pfd ..... 40
111 Central 144% Spanish Fours ... 77%
Louis &. Nash... .108 '/i ¦ ¦ r
Bar silver, dull, 25 7-16d per ounce.
Money. 2% gtt- per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent, i •. . • .
The rate of discount in the open market for
three-months' bills Is 2% per cent. . .¦
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ,' Do prefd..1.... 94%
Call loans... 3@4 Mining-
Time loans '.4@4% Adventure ... 21%
Bonds — Allouez. 3%
Atchlson 4s....... 102 Amalgamated ...68%
Gas lsts S5>i Baltic .....38%
Mexican Cent 4s. . 82 Blngham 2.'{
N E Gas & Coke.. 59% Calumet &'Hecla.62O
Railroads — Centennial 14
Atchison — ." — . <7% Copper Range.... 59%
Do prefd 98 Dominion Coal 23 ¦
Boston & Albany. 262 Franklin ..<..:. .. 13%
Boston & Maine.. 192 Isle Royale... 21
Boston Elevated..l(il% Mohawk 34%
N Y N H & H. . . .211 Old Dominion. . . . 21%
Fitchburg prefd. .,145% Osceola 27
Mexican Central. . 28%. Parrot 31%
Miscellaneous — Qulncy ;.14O
American Sugar. .130%' Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Do prefd. 119 Tamarack 250
Amer Tel & Tel.. 157% Trlmountaln <..... 85 .
Dom Iron & Steel. 312% Trinity ...... HVj
General Electric. 291 United States 18%
Mass Electric 37}! Utah .«!....... 24
Do prefd 07 Victoria 5%
N E Gas & Coke. • 514 Wtnona 1%
United Fruit 83% Wolverine ...;... 50%
US Steel. 44%
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice v 45 Ontario .6 75
Breece .......... <j5 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con - . 09 Phoenix » .04
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi 09
Con Cal & Va.....l 20 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra... 50! Sierra Nevada..... 10
Horn Silver..^....! 40 Small Hopes....... ' 30
Iron Sliver 64lstandard .........3 20
Leadvllle Con.... .. ; 05' ".
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK BONDS. v
US ref 2s reg....lOS% L & N uni 4s. ..'.101%
Do 2s coupon.. 108% Mex Cent 4s 82
¦Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc. .... 81%
Do 3s coupon... 108% Minn & St L 4a.. 105
Do new 4s reg.. 139% M K & T 4s 09%
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds. . . .: . . ... 83%
Do old 4s reg... 112 NYC lsts. . ... ..103%
Do old 4s coup. 112 Do gen 3%s....lO8 ,
Do 5s reg ..106 N J C gen 5s.... 137%
Do 5s coupon.. .106 N Pacinc 4s ..10*5%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 104 Do 3s 74%
Do adj 4s. 94 N & W con 4s. . . .103
Bait & O 4s.. 103% Reading gen 4s... 99 V;
Do 3%s......... 96% 5t L & I M con 58.117%
Doconv4s......l08 St L & S F^s.... 98%
Canada So 2ds...llO% St L Swstrn.lsts. 93%
Cent of Ga 5s ill Do 2ds.... 79%
Do 1st inc . . 79 S A & A P 4s.... 92 .
Ches & O 4%s 109 S Pacific 4s...... 94%
Chic & A 3%s 84% S Railway 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4s.. 93% Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
C M & StP gen 4s.llU4 Tol St L & W 4s. 85%
C &.N con 7s 138% U Pacific 4s.....M06»4
C R I & P 4s 110% Do conv 4s.... ..106%
C C C & StL g 4s.10.1i* Wabash lsts. .. ..111%
Chicago Term 4s.. 86%' ¦ Do 2ds. ...... ..111%
Colo & So 4s..... 94% Do deb B. 72%
Denver & R G 4s.lO2% West Shore 4s. . ..112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 W & L E 4s...... 93%
Do general 4s... 88% Wise Cent 4s...;. 89%
F W & D Cists. 4 . 113 Con Tobacco 4s.. 65 %
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9%
Total sales ...537,700
Am Linseed OH ...... ........ 20 *
Am Lin Oil pfd.... ..-.. .-... : .... 48
•AmLoco;. 1,200 31% 31% 31%
Am Loco pfd ..... 300 02% 92% 92
Am Smelt & Ref . . 500 47 46% 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 600 9S 98 07%
Anaconda Mln Co. 200 33%- 33% 33
Brooklyn Rap. Trn. 6,200 63% «2% 62%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. ! 1,000 86 -,. ¦ 85%' ' : 85- ;
Consolidated Gas .. 3,200 223%- 221% . 222
Con Tobacco pfd.. 200 117&- 117% 117
General . Electric .. 100* '292. 292 290
Glucose Sugar ... 100 .44%' < 44% ' 44J,4
Hocking Coal .... -', 000 ' 17"& :17% 17%
Inter Papw«. »KM) 21 20 20%
Inter Paper pfd... 700 75% ,75 75%
Inter Power ',;. ....'....*•...., 86'
Laclede Gas ...... .... ...'.' ..... 91'
National Biscuit . .'. 2,200 48 '¦¦'' 47%' 47i,i
.National Lead ...> 100 18 18 17%
National Salt .... .... .... .... 23
National SaJt pfd. ;........ .....' «53 '
North American . . 500 93% , 93% 9.1
Paclflc'Coast .... :<.... .... '' 73'-
Pacific Mail , 500 47^ 40% 46 '
People's Gas -...*.. . 1,200 100% 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car. .... :.. . 39%
Pressed S C.pfd.. 100 '83% 83%' 83;
Pullman . Pal Car. . 2,200 221 5 221 v ' 220
Republic Steel .¦.'.. 400 - 16% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 70 69% '69%
Sugar ... . ; . . . .". . 33,100 132% 130% 130%
Tenn Coal & Iron: 7.100 67% 00% 66%
Union Bag & P Co. 3,200 ' 17% 17 16
Union B & P C pfd . .'{00 81% SI SO
U S Leather . 300 11% 11% : 11%
US Leather pfd.. 200 . ¦ 81% .81% 81%
¦US Rubber 200' 14%, 14% 14%
U S Rubber pfd... .;.. • ....¦ .... 51%
U S Steel ......... 17,400, 44% 44% 44%
US Steel pfd 1,300 94% 04% ¦ 9i%
Western Union ... 600 91- 91., .90%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
- Afternoon Session — May — 2000. ctls, 94c;
2000. 94%c; 2000, 95c; 2000, 95%c. December
—8000, S4%c; 4000. 84»4c; 6000,-- S5c; 2000,
¦¦_¦ OATS— Chicago reported Increasing offerings,
probably due to the ; approach ¦ of • the spring
taxes. The San . Francisco market continues
firmly held, with a fair, demand at unchanged
quotations. . . ¦ : ••;--• "¦ • . .
Grays, $1 22%<8>1 30; whites,. $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black. - $1 12y.@l 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red.
SI 27% 01: 37% per .ctl for feed and $1 35©
1 42% for seed. . ¦ . . , . '¦:,''¦
I CORN — Chicago reported a better cash de
mand ¦ with the bulls bidding up, ¦ in . spito of
Increased offerings. Prices however/.- fell olt
slightly. .--...; , , v - :
This market continues firmly held at about
the " quotations t which . have ruled for some
time. * Offerings are ample . for all • current
reeds. . ( >¦¦¦. ..." ¦ . , : : . • ¦ ¦• - -
Large yellow,*- $1 40@l 45; small round do,
$1 50: white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
RYE — Quoted at 85@00c per ctl. The market
continues quiet," but firmly held. • ,
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, 91 Vic; : 4000, 9214c; 10,000, 92c. Decem
ber—8000, S3c.- • ¦/• .:.
Second Session— May — 6000 ctls, 92% c. De
cember—2000, 83%c; 2C00, S3 %c.
Regular Morning < Session— May— 2000 ctls,
03 %c; 4000, : 93% c, December— 6000. 84c.
CALL . BOARD SALES
; Afternoon Session — May — 14,000 ctls $1 13U*
4000. $1 13%; 10,000,: ?1 13%; 2000, $1 1.1%.
BARLEY— Continues to advance with Wheat,
owing to the lower freights, lack '« of rain in
several , important districts and . - the general
good demand for shipment.' ¦¦; The .asking' price
for; the best Feed yesterday. 5 was advanced to
97%c, but as far as .heard buyers did • not ac
cept this figure. The market, . however, 13 very
firm; The . advance in futures • is - especially
sharp,- as' will be seen. - - ' ¦ .-;-
Feed. 96Vic for choice bright. 95c for No. 1
and i)2%c for off grades; brewing and shipping
grades, ,,97%c@?l;. Chevalier, 95c@$l 20 per
cental. • , : - . •¦.. v , - .
: Second Session— May— 16.000- ctls, $1 13%;
4000,; $M3%; 2000. 13%; 40,000, $1 13%;
December— 2000, $1 12%. . -.,' .
'¦' Regular l Morning ' Session— Tklay-^-SOOO ¦ ctls.
$1 13%; 8000.'?! 13%. .:. -.-.--.. ¦-.'-.
- Informal • Session— » :15 - o'clock — May — 20,000
ctls, $1 12%. v . ••;
CALL BOARD SALES
though quotations showed little change. ' St."
Louis was, a liberal seller of July.; There was
something - doing ¦¦ for ' export . account I and Kan
sas City worked some wheat for shipment via
the Gulf,- the first for two months.- New. York
worked , from 30 to - 40 boatloads and - reported
English and. Continental bids better. 1 ';- •.-.;•
ti' This • market continued' Its , advance, both on
and off • call/ : and , prices are now higher than
for a long time.. with the market still pointing
upward. - The r advance is said 'to be - purely
owing to I the j decline in freights, ships being
in • oversupply.' ¦ But there- is not much : doing
on export account,' as the higher prices are
net ; calling out much .wheat from the . country,
where : holders are .very :stlff. and determined..
¦--; Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 11%@1 12%; mill-'
ing, $113% @1' 15 per ctl.
Cd . In'.' the ¦ London ¦ copper ' market 'did not ; hold
the local market . for copper \ as ; the price for
lake 'eased off a,; trifle, closing with; spot .at
12%@12%c. b Electrolytic '; was . quoted' af.l2%c
and - castliUJTf at 12i&®12Uc. ' ; London, closed
with SDOt at £55 15s and futures at £55 2s 6d.
- Tin was a 1 shade' easier here.«with spot clos
ing at 25%c. Londori.was unchanged for spot
tin at £117,, and 15s lower for futures at £111.
_ Lead was firm but. unchanged at 4%c; Lon
don, was' Is53d!lower at £11; 12s ,6d.- ¦ ''„ U
Spelter was unchanged here at 4.10@4.12%e,
and at London: unchanged at £17 17s 6d. : ¦ ":
Iron remained firm ibut quiet. The
English J markets- were '¦'¦ very, quiet, - but not
essentially J changed. : Glasgow closed at 53s
7d and, Mlddlesboro at 47s 9d. PlKiron war
rants here closed at $11 50@12 50; No. 1 foun
dry v. Northern, | $17 50@18; No. - 2 Northern
foundry, $17@18; No. 1- • foundry • Southern,
$16 50@17. 50; No' 1' 'foundry Southern, eoft,
$16 50@17, ' ¦'-. ¦'
barrels. 42% c: cum. 47% e; Cocoanut Oil bar
rels, 63%c for Ceylon and BSWc for Australian.
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocena.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c. ' . , *
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron i barrels. ¦
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7@
7%c per lb; White Lead. «%®7%c, according
to quantity. .
SALT— Liverpool. $30@32 50 for tha best and
$26@27 50 for factory filled. Domestic — Imita
tion Liverpool. $24 25@26; H. R. H.. |25 25®
26; California Dairy. 50-lb bags. $24@'23 50;
Rock Salt. $17@18 85. according to quantity;
Granulated $24 50@26 per ton.
QUICKSILVER-^47@48 per flask for local
use and $44@45 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnj Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: \
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c: Candy Granulated. 4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c: Confectioners' A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet . Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c: Golden C. "4.20c; D, 4. 10c ;• barrels. 10c
more half-barrete. 25c more: boxes. 50c more:
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 5.30c: boxes. 5.55c per lb.
t LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S@19 50: extra sizes,
higher; Redwood. $19020; Lath, 4 feet, $3 90^
4; Pickets $19; Shingles. $2 for No 1 and $1 75
for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic, $25@C1. •
THE SAN\ FRANCISCO :^
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
New York Grain and Produce.FAMOUS PHYSICIAN AND
SURGEON WHO DIED . IN
THIS CITY. . \
The -whereabouts of the doctor is it
present unknown. .He", left his • office ;-in
Traver last Friday, after hearing : that - b is
victim was dying. . He boarded ¦asouth
bound train and is supposed to have; gone
to Los Angeles. A brother- of ; the unfor
tunate Futrell .woman is > the, complainant
and declares he will .bring to Justice 'the
person responsible for her death.
VISALIA, Feb. 18.-A .warrant ; was /is
sued to-day for the arrest of Dr. N W'
Williams of .Traver. He is charged 'with
having performed a' criminal operation
upon Nina iFutrell,;. who died ¦ in this city
last Friday. .• \ .•'¦¦ . ¦
• Physician Accused of Having Caused
Nina Futrell's Death. ; Cannot"
Be Found.
WARRANT , FOR ARREST "OF^
DR. WILLIAMS OF TRAVEit
Forty-seven patrolmen, who are; ambi
tious to be promoted from i the ranks to
corporalshlps, were . examined by ' the Po
lice Department physicians i 'last ¦ evening
and all were found to be in splendid phy
sical condition. The successful men were:
H. H. Dobbins, J. M. Dwyer. P. Fanning,
P. A. Gillen. J. Clifford. W. J. Mullender.
J. McGreavy, F. de Grancourt. G. " East
man. P. E. Fraher, D. E. Baxter, L/C.
Clark, J. B. Collins,' George Douglass, *J.
J. Farrell, D. Matheson, James O'Connor,
D. V. Sullivan, W. W. Wilson. C. W.
Goodwin, P. N. Herllhy, T. F.'.Hobi, F. A.
Fontana, T. R. Judson, J. L. Murphy. 1 P.
K. O'Keefe, M. J. O'Callahan, W. R. Van
Kuren; A, D. Layne, Martin Lyons, Dan
Owens, J. H. Pyle. H; G. White, J. P.
Collins, C. W. Brown," M. J.Griffln, A. B.
Rheil. Frank W. Smith, J. W.'Standley
and T. L. Tobin.
tion Pass Physical Examination.
Forty-Seven Applicants for Promo-
AMBITIOUS POLICEMEN.
Commissioner Hermann has' decided
that should the two electric companies be
allowed to carry out tho construction of
their pipe line and artificial reservoir sys
tem throughout the reservation, surround
ing property would not receive due irri
gation in proper season. He, therefore
declares for the irrigators. '
The proposition has been under, consld-'
eration since 1895, when the Electric Power
Company applied for a right of way over
public land^ in the San -Gabriel ; reserve.
The Commissioner rejected the applica
tion for technical reasons, but the ones
t on i -came- up.-, again in proper" form in
1896 The ElectricWater Company made:
a similar application in 1S98, the land pro
posed to be covered being . the \ same as"
that asked for by the power, company •' ¦
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 18.— According to
a decision Just rendered by Commissioner
Hermann of the. United States General
Land Office, the'Electric Power Company
and the Electric Water Company of Los
Angeles have suffered defeat in their, at
tempts to obtain control of water privi
leges of 223 square miles of territory In
the San Gabriel forest reserve. The pro
testants were 462 land owners of Azusa
Covina, Duarte and other districts in that
OM'acr^^riS."^ pe . noM -,« ad . »•"
The Secretary of Foreign Affairs, Baron
von RIchthofen, promised that the policy
of Germany in the Far East would not be
adventurous. He proceeded to refer to
the diplomatic negotiations for the evacu
tion of Tientsin, which, he jBaid, was
not a purely military question* If Tien
tsin was immediately evacuated, the pro
visional government would cease'to exist,
and the powers would be left without a
guarantee of the completion of the
scheme whereby communication would be
kept alone the Pel River," between I Tien
tsin and the legation guards at Peking.
With reference to the indemnity, Baron
von Richthpfen remarked that it required
460,000,000 taels to satisfy the 'claims, in
stead of 450,000,000 which China ; had
agTeed to pay, -and the powers were ne
gotiating in regard to. the apportionment
of this deficiency. ; . ,'¦ '
BERLIX, Feb. 18.— At a meeting of the
Budget Committee of the Reichstag to
day the Government demanded provision
for the "maintenance of the German regi
ment at Shanghai, asserting that its pres
ence there was necessary in order to ade
quately support German -Interests in
China. A majority of the committee as
sented to the demand.
General Land Office De
cides Against Two
Corporations.
Indemnity From China
Will Be Considerably
Raised, r
FAIL TO OBTAIN
WATER MONOPOLY
With an equipment and experience right
up with the best of the time, he came
out to San Francisco in the early sixties,
where his uncle. Dr. E. Cooper, had long
stood in the front rank of his profession,
and associated with him soon began to
lay the foundation of fame as a' surgeon
Dr. Lane was born in the year 1S33, and
after graduating, with his Master's de
gTee at Union College, Schenectady.X.Y.,
he entered Jefferson Medical College of
Philadelphia, one of the foremost institu
tions of the day. He graduated with hon
ors from that school in 1831, and later at
tended several schools and hospital
courses in Europe.
Dr. Lev! Cooper Lane was a nephew of
Dr. E. Cooper, one of the most famous
surgeons of San Francisco's early days.
In whose memory he called the gTeat med
ical Institution to whose founding and
maintenance he gave so much of his time
and substance.
and for the twenty odd years following
continued to fill that position, until some
two years ago, when • failing health de
manded his retirement from active duty
in the lecture rooms.
The Lane Hospital, established six rears
ago,- and called after the eminenfsur
geon by the insistence of his admiring
irlenos and associates, is another exand
monument to Dr. Lane's high standing
a | a p En CtI V£ ner .' and ni3 Practical ideal
as a philanthropist. The good done and
yet to be done by these two institutions
which owe their existence to Dr Lane
P n r °- a vS« e L t0 ° br < oad a theme to b e treated
GERMANY ADDS
TO HER CLAIM
that made his name known' on both con
tinents.
In 1875 he was made a member of tte
Royal Chirurgical Society of Great Brit
ain and was also elected to membeship in
other societies, both at home and
abroad.
Dr. Lane's whole life was one of con
stant effort for the enlargement of knowl
edge in his profession, and the lessening
of the ills and sufferings of humanity.
This desire, in part, found practical and
permanent manifestation in the founding
of the great medical school with which
he was so long identified. The project
was conceived not long after the death
of his uncle. Dr. Cooper, whose name
and fame he with grateful heart deter
mined to mark in this manner.
To this end he put by each year in sa
cred trust a most generous part of the
large income gained by his eminent abili
ties in his practice, until in the late 70's
the sum in hand was sufficient to start
the enterprise/
The organization was effected and in
due time the magnificent structure known
as the Cooper Medical College reared its
imposing: dimensions on the corner of Sac
ramento and Webster streets in this city.
Dr. Lane was the president and "the
first incumbent of the chair of surgery,
1 ¦- ¦ - . . ¦m.--. ,t_ ..
LET\"I, COOPER LANE. M. D.
died at 11:45 last night, after a
long illness. During the past
week he had gradually been
growing weaker, and for several
days past his death had been hourly ex
pected. . :;:-/
'1 ADEN, Armenia," Feb. 18.— William Fitzhugh
.Whltehouse of Newport \ R. - 1.. k who ' accompa
nied -by .: Lord ' Hlndllp . S left ' England February
l;on a^ trip 'to', the upper, Nile, started : from
her© to-day ¦ for i Berber. ¦ ; " , . - ¦¦ .,•¦'.<-¦
Fire broke Vout. in 'the.; kitchen j; of 'the
prison . hospital < at ; r Alcatraz on i Saturday
night i and did about $300 worth of . damage.
,The guard ,was\turned ¦. out « and -with . the
assistance of ', a'number of prisoners ; soon
had the flames .under, control: During the
fight i.wlth "!¦ the: r flre j one ? oti the prisoners
was accidentally, struck on. the | head i\#lth
an ax and is. now confined to the hospital.
Fire atAlcatrass.
OCEAN ' STEAMERS.
.'¦; NEW YORK— Sailed^ Feb" 18-^-Stmr, Kaiser
.WUhelm -^der -¦: Grosae,*; for ¦ :¦ Bremen. 1 via " Ply
mouth; etmr Normandle, for. Liverpool.
.-•¦•' PORTLAND—^Arrived • Feb 18— Nor stmr
Thyra, - hence * Feb ( 13. ;¦' •*. ¦¦¦;. , •
; , Sailed > Feb 1 18— Stmr South , Portland, for
San .; Francisco ; Br bark Galgorn , Castle, ,, for
Que€)n8town. v ¦' . - -,>«•¦• -• ¦ - r* -':•;:• \j ... ,,.¦¦•
¦ ;SEATTLB — Arrived . Feb 18— Stmr ;Alvena,
from -San Pedro;; stmr Santa Ana, 'hence Feb-
18-^-Stmr City of Puebla." for San
Francisco; Btmr.Faranon,.for:Skagway; ¦ - .
• Tuesday, , February' 18.
Stmr Gualala,', Webber, v '. \ '¦ , ¦,.¦
Stmr San ; Pedro,' Anderson, bound, south.
¦ DOMESTIC ¦ PORTS. ;•
SAILED.
: ,> Tuesday. ' February 18.
Bktn Chehalls, Knudsen, 18 days' from;Co
¦.» Stmr ¦ : Rival", j Olseri. ': 131 1 ; hours'; fro'm'j South
Bend.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ABRIVKD.
CHICAGO/ Feb. 18.— J. Scott ' Leary . of
San c Francisco ¦: defeated Fred Wenck ;of
Yale in the sixty-yard swimming race at
the Sportsman's show to-night. ;• .The/ race
was close; Leary - winning by " one stroke.
Time/ 36 2-5 seconds. v
S?.n Francisco Swimmer Wins.
PORTLAND, Feb. ' 18.— The ; :Oregonlan
to-morrow.' will say : „ "It is stated' on,ex
cellent authority that Benjamin Campbell,
traffic ' manager of the Oregon ; Railroad
and Navigation • Company, ¦? will ¦ be made
assistant traffic director, of the Harrlman
lines with headquarters at Chicago. Mr.
Campbell is r 43 years ' old ". and has "been
connected with various western- roads for
twenty-seven years, the past fifteen years
having been; spent in- the of -the
Oregon' Railroad* and '.- ¦ Navigation Com<
,pany.'':_ . ; -¦ : - ' ¦¦ ' .'•"¦ ¦' .'.
"Will Be Assistant to Stubbs.
Among the ' steerage passengers that ar
rived yesterday oh the .Sonoma'.were s^x
United' States prisoners, members of the
crew of the American schooner Alice j Mc-
Donald. .They : were In the custody of H.
E." Olsen, boatswain 1 of the United States
ship. Abarenda, and are charged ; with
mutiny :on the high seas. With the:prls
oners-came.T. Royal and H.Finlay, first
and: second officers respectively of the
Alice McDonald. The. latter are : here . as
witnesses,-' and with 'the -six ¦ prisoneiS
were yesterday turned over to the United
States Marshal for safe custody until the
day of trial/ The McDonald/bound from
Newcastle,/. Australia, , to San Francisco,
put into Apia about the 1st of January In
a. leaking condition." . She was overladen
and. short of provisions. Two hundred
tons of coal were disposed of and repairs
effected. : A survey, held by order of Vice
Consul Blacklock resulted ' in a report fa
vorable to the vessel.: The crew, however,
refused to go to sea. * Commandant Sebroe
took the United , States . ship Abarenda" to
Apia,^ persuaded »the recalcitrant seamen
to return' tot duty: and gave the schooner
a rtow. for about i eight miles • out of Apia
harbor. The > schooner was ';, hardly; under
way i when / the : McDonald's | skipper sig
naled for : assistance... The crew: still re
fused duty.', '.This; constituted -mutiny, on
the'high seas."-- Captain, Sebree placed an
officer in charge of. the schooner, arrested
the mutineers and' : then .towed the .Mc-
Donald to. Pago ,'Pago, v where \ she ; still
awaits ' a s crew. . : The -prisoners , who ar
rived; yesterday" declare that .the,. vessel
was • unsafe r and v that 7 in ': refusing duty
they ¦ have probably saved ..- themselves
from a watery grave.^ The mutlnous^sex
tet is i composed of ? F. -. O.vFarrell, M.
Querln ,""; F. '• Hansen. T ; C. '- Larson,*" E.". Ander
'eon and ; W. ; Johnstone. -
Mutineers , Arrive 'on Sonoma.
SEATTLE,, Feb. 18.— On the steamer
Dolphin from Alaska to-day, came a tale
of Indian superstition and cruelty -that to
civilized, humanity is shocking., Because
a dozen natives had died from consump
tion an Indian' boy who! had become con
verted to the Christian tfaith -was; buried
alive. For hours he lay in the grave iun
til he was unearthed, by the j missionary
under whom he had learned the tenets
of Christianity. When' resurrected he .was
alive but that was all. :-He was taken to
Wells and placed' under the care of a phy»
siclan and at last accounts.^was rapidly
recovering.. .. - - ¦ -^
The youth is the interpreter for Rev.
Milo A.' Rellon)' a , Methodist missionary
among the Chilfcats. Rev. Mr.' Rellon is a
school teacher, nurse -and" all-round good
Samaritan. The' young man, after listen
ing to the teachings of Dr. Rellon, boldly
disclaimed any belief in the mummery. of
the tribal "icht." .-:• or . witch.; He thus
gained the ill-will of, that powerful priest
of the black; art. ,' ; ,
Victim of Superstition
Is •Rescued Just in '
Time -
Senator. Morgan asked a series of ques
tions . regarding the ; floods and conditions
of the Chagres River, on the • Panama
route.. Colonel Ernst said the water rose
39.3 feet above low water in 1879. Injflfty
years there had been | four floods of over
thirty .'feet. Such floods,- he said, would
cause considerable risk and contingencies
in the construction of the Bohlo dam. Po
lice :¦ and sanitary control of Panama
would be necessary, he said, should the
United ' States decide to construct the
canal.. ' -:'^Jm9MtkSSSSBKSlSUIttMXg/M
..'As a member of the commission he -was
assigned" to the Panama route particu
larly, but went over the Nicaragua route.
In answer to questions by Senator Harina
he said he would have recommended the
Panama route 1 in the first report -of the
commission had the : offer of ttie Panama
Canal Company to sell; for 140,000,000 been
made at that -time, 1 and for the following
reasons: The Panama route was shorter,
straighter, lower/having four locks as
against eight for Nicaragua, and wouid
cost $1,350,000 less per -year to maintain
and operate. ' .'•. ¦' ¦ :
Colonel Ernst said there. were difficulties
in both routes. The Bdhio dam on the
Panama" route was more difficult than the
Concuda dam on the Nicaragua route, but
the clay banks on the latter route were a
difficulty that would .have to be overcome.
The healthfulness. of Nicaragua- was bet
ter than Panama, but by sanitary and po
lice regulations the conditions in Panama
could be improved. ' . . ' ¦
Colonel Ernst' did not agree with other
witnesses that silt in the Chagres River
would ever be ~ a serious menace to., the
Panama canal. The difficulties in the con
struction of the Bdhio dam, he said, could
be overcome. He ssid that Insurance rates
on the Nicaraguan route would be greater
than on the Panama' route. ¦ • •¦ .¦.'•¦
'In a preliminary, statement he said \ the
cuts on the Darlen route beforethe tun
nel was reached made that route imprac
ticable. While it has not been examined
carefully! he "thought it would. take twtn
ty years to construct such a canal, and at
a cost of $290,000,000. :
WASHINGTON. Feb. IS.— Colonel O. H.
Ernst of the Isthmian Canal \ Commission
was before the .Committee on Interoceanic
'Canals of the Seriate to-day;-";'; .'
Colonel Ernst Says the
Work Would Require
Twenty; Years.
DARIEN ROUTE
HAS OBSTACLES
ALASKAN INDIANS
BURY BOY ALIVE
As an answer to the second and smaller
suit Adolph Sylva denies that he owes
any amount to Joe Harvey. He flies' a
cross-complaint against Harvey, ¦ wherein
he admits having received $4000 from Har r
vey, but avers that this amount was part
payment on $20,000 loaned to Harvey by
Sylva- subsequent to May 1. 1901. - ; Sylva
prays for judgment for $16,000, alleged to
be due him as the balance of the' loan.
To the first suit Florence Sylva makes
answer that no sum of money was ever
loaned to her by Joe Harvey and that the
money' paid for 'the half ¦ interest in the
electric light company was given by. her
to her brother. 'Air other allegations are
denied in toto.
The second suit was against; Adolph
Sylva for 5439 75, the balance alleged to
be due- from the ¦ $4000. • • ¦ ;
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 18.— From present
indications the case of Joe Harvey, '. the
poolroom owner, against Adolph Sylva,
the ex-boss of Sausalito, will prove inter
esting when ventilated in the » courts."
Originally there were, two suits filed by
Harvey. The first was against' Florence
Sylva et al. for a one-half Interest in the
Sausalito Electric Light Company, which
Harvey avers he authorized Sylva to pur
chase for him in the, name of a friend,
Thomas Frost, and in payment for which
he gave $4000. Harvey avers that Sylva
bought the property, paying $3500 25 for
it, in the name of Frost. After the sale,
it Is said, Sylva went to Frost and pre
sented a deed, ostensibly for the transfer
of the property from Frost to Harvey,
but in reality a deed, to Florence Sylva,
a sister of Adolph. Frost signed the docu
ment without reading it. . . :
plaint Declaring Poolroom Man
" Owes Him §16,000.
Sausalito Ex-Boss Files / Cross-Com-
SYLVA AND HIS SISTER ; , ,
.. ANSWER HARVEY'S CHARGES
I cannot again refrain from pleading as I
did at the outset for the preservation of these
reminders of a golden .past. California I Is
backward in thla respect, the Eastern States,
and especially Massachusetts, allowing no his
toric landmark to perish and no historic spot
to remain unmarked. In the midst of our
great struggle . for the commercial advance
ment of the State let us pause, reflect and act
ere It be too late.
1S61. when the firing upon Fort . Sumter
prompted patriotic men of all classes to
rally to the support of the Union and to
declare California irrevocably for a union
one 'and indivisable; a view of Colton
Hall, where the constitutional convention
of the State met in September, 1849, and
drafted the constitution under which Cal
ifornia was admitted as a State., were
shown and applauded. In closing the lec
turer said:
MBS. LITTLE IS TIBED
OF MATRIMONIAL LIFE
ISLAND TARIFF
NEAR DECISION
Final Vote on the Philip
pine Bill Soon to
Be Taken.
Though Married but a Month Sha
Sues for Divorce on the Ground
of Cruelty.
Though a bride of not quite a month.
Letitla. A. Little Is already tired of tho
matrimonial fetters. She was married to
T. R. Little at Oakland January 23 of this
year, and is now suing for divorce. She
alleges that her husband has treated her
cruelly since their wedding day. and asks
permission to resume her maiden name,
Letltia Williams.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Adolph J. Steinman against Virginia
Steinman for -desertion, Adele Rlch«
against Louis Riche for desertion and
Charles C. Schober against Leon A. Scho
ber for desertion.
Five more jurors were secured in Judge
L.awlor'3 court yesterday to try the case
of Charles Donnelly, charged with the
murder o£ George W. Rice, non-union ma
chinist, at Twentieth and Howard streets.
October 11. The panel was exhausted and
another venire issued so as to secure the
remaining juror. The five selected yes
terday were: Gustave J. Paull. John Kohl
moos Sr.. George S. Saalfield, John Stell-
Jng- and Herman Rosenbfmm. .
Donnelly Murder Trial.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18.— It was agreed
by the Senate to-day that a final vote on
the Philippine tariff bill and the pending
amendments should be 'taken next Mon
day afternoon at 4 ; o'clock. The /only
stipulation - made, by the ¦ minority was
that the last day^s debate should be de
voted to; speeches not . exceeding fifteen
minutes. Senator Wellington- spoke to
day in opposition to the pending bill and
Senator Stewart of Nevada in support of
the measure. ; ' . i- \'.-' -\
•Wellington's address covered the Phil
ippine question generally. He set forth
his well-known views forcefully. He al
ways had been a Republican, he said, a
believer, in the system, of protection and
a supporter of a gold standard- of cur
rency, but he had come to the parting of
the ways with his party in 189s, when it
developed "its imperialistic tendencies."
Stewart made a briet legal and constitu
tional argument. ,
The speech of Wheeler of Kentucky In
the House last Friday when he bitterly
assailed Secretary Hay and Lord Paunce
fote. and criticized the official prepara
tions for the reception of Prince Henry
had a sequel in the House to-day during
the debate* on the Indian appropriation
bill. Gillett of Massachusetts, in a half
hour's speech, declared that- the intemper
ance'- of Wheeler's language carried its
own condemnation. Nevertheless, he (Gil
lett) grievously deplored such an affront
to a foreign country. During the course
of the speech two Democrats, Robinson of
Indiana and Thayer of Massachusetts, dis
claimed any sympathy with Wheeler's ut
terances. These disclaimers drew from
Talbert of South Carolina the statement
that he desired to share in the responsi
bility of the speech, every word of which,
he - said, he • indorsed. . Wheeler himself
subsequently replied to Gillett. reaffirm
ing what he had said and declaring that
he would abide by his words whether they
were discreet or not. •
Earlier in the session Hill of Connecti
cut and Shaf roth of Colorado discussed
the former's bill to redeem silver with
gold. The Indian bill itself . was not
touched on In the speech-making.
Water Front Notes.
The ship Oriental arrived .yesterday at
Oyster Harbor.'
The steam collier Edith was yesterday
taken to Boole's shipyard for further re
pairs. .:: )
.Bay pirates are giving the police more
trouble in the neighborhood of Channel
street. A party - or them yesterday | cap
tured 100 feet • of chain and were loading
it into ¦ a boat when .. disturbed.' • The pi
rates got away and the police are hunt
ing; an owner for the chain, v -
.Tolstoi Suffers Relapse.
LONDON, Feb.' 19.-*-The Moscow, corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says that
Count Tolstoi has suffered a relapse, that
his fever has returned and that his heart
is weak. BHORSHStS
ALAMEDA STATESMAN WHO
•LECTURED AT PLYMOUTH
«\ CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
The report of the committee on reduc
tion of representation in the congress of
the Daughters was presented by the chair
man, Mrs. Katharine W. Verplanck, of
New York. The subject is one of the most
important before the congress. Without
making recommendations, the committee
announced that a majority of twenty-six
State regents favored chapter representa
tion and a minority favor the ratio rep
resentation of one delegate to every 250
members. The voting, according to tho
report, resulted: For representation bjr
one delegate to the congress to every 250
in the State, 8 regents; representation In
the congress of each and every chapter
by its regent or alternate, irrespective of
the size of the chapter, 26 resents.
Miss Richards' amendments were then
taken up and a debate on their adoption,
limited to five minutes to each speaker,
was participated in by a number of tha
delegates. The debate occupied two
hours, when Miss Richards announced
that she recognized that those who stood
with her for the amendments were In a
hopeless minority and she would accept
defeat gracefully. The chair was about
to declare a recess, when Mrs. Donald
McLean of New York made a vigorous at
tack on the parliamentary procedure of
the president general and insisted that tn»
vote on the amendments was next in or
der. Mrs. Fairbanks Insisted on the re
cess against a number of protests. Th-i
Richards amendments were overwhelm
ingly defeated at the afternoon session.
Miss Janet RIcharda of this city, who
framed the proposed amendment, sub
mitted an amendment to her amendment
which brought on a lively discussion.
Several delegates in vigorous remarks
pointed out that they had had no time to
consider the new amendment, whicii
changed Miss Richards' former amend
ment so as to add a regent for each State,
one regent at large and one for every 150
members in the State. A number of mo
tions were ruled cut of order In rapid
succession, and a motion finally wa»
adopted postponing the amendments sub
mitted on this subject.
WASHINGTON, Feb. IS.— The Daugh
ters of . the American Revolution plunged
Into the consideration of proposed con
stitutional amendments at to-day's ses
sion of their convention. The first of
thcie proposed adding to the representa
tion from each " State, now consisting ot
one regent, "four additional representa
tives to be elected at an election confer
ence to be called by the State regent and
to be composed of the chapter regent, vie©
regent and one delegate from each chap
ter in the State, the conference to be at
seme designated place before February I
of each year."
At Glasgow, -wnere a, municipal compe
tition service: has j: aireaoy -Dcen estub~
lished, tne . corporation has placed its ex
change at ! the disposal "of the inventor a
in order that the possibilities of the sys
tem may be thoroughly tested. : . -, 1
; Armstrong, the inventor,: said, to-day:
"The system differs from Marconi's in
essentials. Marconi has created force to
overcome resistance.' We are utilizing thts
ripples in electricity of the earth or. water,
which; can be created with as much cei
tainty as ripples can bej caused m a pond
by throwing a stone." : ', - ; .:.
..When- questioned as to -its cost Arm>
strong said that in all probability the.sub
scriber would purchase outright an in
strument costing from £5 to £10 and
would pay a royalty of £1, £2 or £5, fixed
by the municipality, or, /responsible au
thority. : ¦ , :•::,¦
The London correspondent of. the Birm
ingham Post says, , with high authority,
that the Canadian Government intends ;tu
lay a cable across ..the Atlantic between
the British islands and the Dominion so
as to make the coming Pacific cable in
dependent of existing Atlantic cables.
No discouragement is meant, it should be
added, in the cable project to the Marconi
wireless telegraphy scheme, Sir Wilfred
Laurier and his Colleagues being . indeed
of the opinion that/ the future ; may give
plenty of occupation to both systems.-
LONDON, Feb. 18.— The;, wireless tel
ephony invention of Armstrong and Orlintj
is ¦; forging; ahead 'and . is ¦ being •¦ adopted'
seriously in, this country. ;.'••: If the invention
does all- that is claimed /for, it: there .will
be a revolution in z the present system oi
telephony. '."¦ As usual ¦ in \ matters of ' pro i
gress and enterprise, London is -allowing
the' provincial towns to;;take. : the.- leac.
The experiments in wireless telepnony : re-.'
cently conuueted in Mancnester* nave- so
impiessed mo municipal autnorities that
tney are applying tor ± > arlia'mentary,pow>
ers to estaousn telephonic service m com
petition witn the iNational 'Telephone Com
pany. Negotiations- arc prooeeumy with
a view to its adoption .'- throughout the
Manchester . telephone area. ' . ¦
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Brisk Discussion Over a Pro
posed Constitutional
Change.
Canadian Government ; In
tends to ' ' Lay a Cable
Across the Atlantic.
In Quick succession the scene of . the
Donner party disaster in the Sierras, the
old : . Custom-house i at . Monterey, where
Commodore Sloat. unfurled *the stars an3
stripes for the first' time in California on
Jufy 7, 1846;- Sutter's. mill on American
River, where Marshall discovered gold on
January ¦ 24, 1848, . were shown ¦ and de
scribed. ' Scenes illustrative of . the Vigi
lance; Committee days in San Francisco
in 1856; the monster mass meeting of citi
zens h.t Post and Market streets in April,
The lecturer paid considerable attention
to the ruins of the, Russian settlement at
Fort Ross, which was established in 1812.
The octagonal towers of the fort are still
excellently '¦ preserved .'. and the old f build
ings . offer • varied attractions ' to . tourists.
It was pointed out as a significant -fact
that had the -Russian Government insist
ed upon j its ' rights at the . time ¦' of the
evacuation ; of the fort by the ; Russians
in 1842 the entire history of the State
might have been changed. -
: In opening the lecture,' which was illus
trated by nearly^lUOi pictures, of "the build
ings ana otner objects referred to by the
speaker, .Knowland said he had been ac
tuated oy a patriotic desire as a Califor
man to do his share ; toward awakening
the people of the State to a; realization of
the need' of acting speedily if they ; would
preserve from > decay and protect from
vandalism the few remaining but rapidly
disappearing landmarks so closely asso
ciated, and identified with the stirring
events of pioneer days. . - ;: I ¦
/Referring to those brave and indomita
ble : Franciscan fathers who sowed the
first i seeds of ; civilization . and established
the first permanent settlements in Alta
California, / the lecturer said that it was
a disgrace to the State and a humiliation
to every citizen that", the I missions, which
speak so eloquently of the 'trials of the
missionaries should be allowed to fall Into
ruins. Of. the ¦ twenty-one missions es
tablished from the time when the pilgrim
age ; of • Junlpero . Serra\ began the
American • occupation only - two . are in a
fair state of j preservation. j The : speaker
paid 'a glowing tribute to the. sublime
work of -the padres and their handiwork
as expressed in the missions extending
from the Sonoma Valley to San Diego
were . admirably depicted on the screen.
Congregational : Church"; on Post
street,' near Webster, last night on the
subject, "California's Land
marks." The lecture was : given for a
double 'purpose, namely for ; the benefit [ of
the Plymouth, Christian Endeavor. Society
and j In- the interest of [ the movement now
under way \which . has for. its ; object . tho
rehabilitation .arid preservation of the
historic; buildings which figured so promi
nently in the early history of the State.'
A' SSEMBL.YMAN JOSEPH H.
¦ KNOWLAND of Alameda deliv
ered an interesting, lecture before
a large -. audience at Plymouth
Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution in
Session.
"Wireless Telephone Sys
tem Makes Progress
, in England.-:
Assembly man ¦; Joseph "R.'Knowland Makes a
'^Strong- and Earnest Plea for Prompt and
Speedy Action by the People of the State
LIVELY DEBATE
AROUSES LADIES
ELECTRIC RIPPLE
CARRIES WORDS
HISTORIC LANDMARKS
MUST BE PRESERVED
THE SAN FRANC1SGO CA 19, 19021
Succumbs at Midnight to a Lingering IUness Which Slowly Sapped
H s Strength-, Founder of the; Lane Hospital That Will Perpet
uate His Fame as an Eminent Surgeon and Practitioner
LEVI COOPER LANE, THE WELL-KNOWN
SAN FRANCISCO PHYSICIAN, IS DEAD
9
, ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
and good fresh
milk make a com-;
bination that Is
liSke mother -s milk,
Sendforji free sample of Mellirfs Food.
fllellin's Food Company, Boston, Haas.
This signature is on every box of the genuine
£: Laxative Bromd^Qutaine *»»«*»
th-j remedy* that cures » cold la one Uay.
i POSTUM CEBEAL.
BEVERAGE.
Explanation by Physician.
The high grade physician always stands
ready to guide one's 'habits and prevent
disease, even if by that means he loses
many a fee.
Food and drink are important factors
relating to health.
Dr. Wm. R, Blackwood, - £52 North
Twenty-third street, Philadelphia, Pa.,
writes on the subject and remarks about
the need of some warm drink for break-
fast, but deprecates the use of coffee be-
cause of its effect upon the health. He re-
fers to the fact that the heat of a warm
breakfast beverage is important in caus-
ing the necessary alvine evacuation which
should invariably follow breakfast.
"Personally I had been quite nervous
from overwork for a time, and neither
coffee nor tea seemed to agree with me,
consequently I looked around for some
other pleasant breakfast beverage, for a
long time without success, until I got hold
of the article under .consideration (Pos-
tum).
"This proved pleasing to the taste and
was also very strengthening. Its flavor is
so nearly that of a really good coffee as
to completely take its place after begin-
ning its habitual use. I attach much im-
portance to that word 'habitual,' for if
you desire to have all of the benefits cen-
tered in this article you must stick to it
right along. I have proved to my own
satisfaction that Postum is all right if
persevered In.
"Some of my acquaintances and pa-
tients have taken up Postum and after a
first trial abandoned Its use; then some
have afterward formed the habit of drink-
ing it when shown how really simple the
preparation is, which results in a flne cup
of Postum containing nutritive elements."
The doctor mentions, in confidence, two
cases of- severe prostration from alcohol-
ism which were ultimately cured and tne
patients restored to health through his
treatment and taking away all whisky,
coffee and tea and giving them In place j
Postum Food Coffee.
The doctor concludes his letter with this .
statement: "Believing that a letter from
a physician, who has studied dietetics
many years in different climate* . and
among different races, would be of some
value, I write to do what I can to fur-
ther the use of this efficient product,
which surely must be of great advantage
to invalids as well as to the general com-,
¦munlty."
.-.'..' ...... ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f COUGHS
GOLDS
CANNOT EXIST
Where the New Germicide
- Is Used Night arid Morning.
YOUR HONEY REFUNDED IF IT FAILS.
Five Davs' Treatment and Medical
Advice Sent Free on receipt of 2c stamp
for postage.
Sold by all druggists or sent by mall.
Price, Outfits , Complete, $1. Trial Out-
fits, 25c. . • .
THE B. T. BOOTH CO.. Ithaca. N. Y.
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCEIPIION
, R WEAK WOMEN. ,
purr nnuAi s >rner rourth an*
uni l nlliftL E a Sl£B
vniteea checked fr»»
DIRECTORY
OF* RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
J f WII & f ft "^ Battery Strs-it.
Jy lr ff 1L JV11 g W II- . Telephone M»ln IM*.
FRESH AND SALT MEA^S.
JAS. BOYES & CO
OILS.-
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEOXARD * ELLIS.
«1S Front «t-. 8..F. Phon* Main 11 VI.
PRINT LNQ. v
Ev C- BDfiflES- Bll SiS££l» a^! 3. V. .
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
the mcxs-juDD co.;"0HBHH(W4
S3 Vint ttreet. Saa FnactacatTHE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL,ljW^ 19, 1902.
10
8A1C FRAJrCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of • The - San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Mont*w>mery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. '
300 Hayee. ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. ra.
SI 5 Larkln street; open. until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. zn.
2261 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
•antll 9 p. m.
lOfl Eleventh -street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: coen until 9 p. m. :
- Northweet corner Twenty-second • and Ken-
tucky streets*, open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlHrrore street: open until 9 p. rn.
j MEETIXG XOTICES. ___
STARR KING Lodge, U. D.. F. and" A. m
M., Mowry-a Hall, will meet THIS _J1_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 >S3\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of / ~ 1
tht V. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Beo.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. *
and A. M. — Called meeOng THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 ff3T
o'clock. Second desrree. - »
- THEO. FROLICBT. Beo.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. a
M.— D. 2, THIS EVENING, Febru- .^A,
ary 19. et 7:15 o'clock. By order of <5f Jf
the W. M. H4 FORTRIEDE, Seo. fV^
KXCELSIOR Lodge Xo. 166, F. and A. m
M. — Third degree THIS (WEDNES-
DAT) EVENING. February 19, at iCX
7:30 o'clock. H. J. OWEN, Sec, AV>
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) ~J\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second jS3\
degree. R. E. ALLAN. Seft /V'
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. •»
Officers and members are hereby no-
tifled to attend the funeral cf our de- TjL^
ceased brother, JOHN ALBERT /V'
JOHNSON, from the hall of this lodge, TO-
MORROW (THURSDAY) AFTERNOON at
1:30 o'clock. By order of the W. M.
¦ R. E. ALLAN, Sep.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M. — ••
Officers and members of the above
named lodge are hereby notified to at- /4.5c
tend the funeral of our deceased / \T *
brother. WILL D. JENKINS, late a member
of Bellingham Bay Lodge No. 44. F.- and A.
M.. TThatcom. Wash.. WEDNESDAY, Feb-
ruary 19. 1902, 10:S0 a. m.. In King Sol-
omon's Hall. By order of the Master. •
< J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Beulah -»
Chapter No. 99. O. E. S.. are re- .Pl,
quested to attend the funeral of our "\£iar
late sister. AMANDA BROWN". East <r*\
rm Star service will be held WEDNESDAY.
February 19, J902, at 2 p. m., at her late
. residence, 512 Noe Et, near Eighteenth. By
order of the Worthy Matron.
HELENE SEEMANN.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. P.. .»m;i>,
F.— Initiation THIS EVENING, .-§ i Sw2<eE.
Teb. 39. All 'members are re-
guested to attend. Visitors cor- -•wm«="-
dially in\*lted. J. M. C. RIDDLE, N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec Sec. .. ¦
•NATIONAL UNION. Call- ssAiaLJir.—^"
fornia Council, meets TO- 1^
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, <r^7T TiH> 'Cl
Fourth st.. at 8 o'clock (In * ~
its new hall). Visiting friends cordially in-
cited. By order - *
¦ A. H. KINGSFORD. President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary. ¦ '
UNITY Lodge No. 61, Knights of sj-.
Pythias, will confer the > Knight Tfck.
Rank (long form) on THURSDAY cr*cVEL«
EV r ENING. February 20, at 909 - -fe^JpS
Market St., Pythian Castle. All brothers
are cordially invited to attend.
J. A. FONTANET, C. C.
S. W. GATES. K. of R. and S.
ANNUAL MEETING— Hakalau Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market st In the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 5th day of March, 1902,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
tor the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday, February 21. J902. at 3 o'clock
p.m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
XCOTICE^ — Annual meeting of stockholders—
Notice Is hereby given that the annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Century Min-
ing Company will be held at the office of the
company, room .38, Nevada block,, corner of
¦ Pine and Montgomery sts.. San Francisco, at
1 o'clock p. ra.. March 4,' 1902, for the purpose
of electing a board of directors for the en-
suing year, and for such other, business as
may come before the meeting. By order of
the board of directors.
. H. C. DAVERY. President.
ANNUAL meeting Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company Trill be held at the office cf
the company. 327 Market St., in the city
end county cf San Francisco, State of Call-
f ernla. on SATURDAY, the 1st day of
March. 1002, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
fcr the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to eerve for the ensuing year, and fcr
the transaction of such other business ' as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, February 18,
' 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting ¦ of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 2Gth day of
February, 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year.
end for the transaction of such other busi-
ness ¦ as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 15, 1902, at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMAPNY — The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the Kil-
ouea. Sugar Plantation Company will be held
at the o'fice of the company, 327 Market st,
4 n the city and county cf San Francisco.
Ftate of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
day of February. l!>02. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
¦ Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
.year and for the transaction of such other
business as , may come before . the meeting.
. Transfer hooks will close on Friday. Febru-
¦ try 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock d. m.
. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission.- having
received an application to mine by the hy-
draulic process from R. A. Pemberton, in
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo, Shasta
County, to deposit tailings In Dry Creek,
rIvcs notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood -building. San Francisco, Cal.,
«n Msrrh 3. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS WASTED.
TRAVELING ealesman for Wyoming:; side line.
FARRANT Glove Mfg. Co., 276-278 Valencia
ft.. San Francisco. Cal. .- • - . '¦
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
' R. W. KING, atty.. .Examiner building, room
613; all cas»s; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's;, call .or write.
ADVICE free: -divorces a specialty ;qulck; quiet;
no charge -without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
\ADVICK free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
• ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
' all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldz.,927 Mar-
krt Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
; BICYCLES — -For Sale or Eichangc. '
"ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast: ewell-
ect thing out; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, tells, pumps. <301 Larkln st.
j'-Jv BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and . all ' kinds of song.
I and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546Market st..bet.8th & 9th.
. ho.uioim; for chilijitkn. "
I MOTHER'S care for 2 or 3 chlWren; home com-
forts; playroom; large sunny yard; lowest
terms. 1007 California st.. above Polk; phone.
RELIABLE couple would like to board child; \
< . best cf references. 41 Julian ave., . nr. ' 14th.
A, LADY would like a child -to board; room for
; parent if desired. Call at 532 Howard st.
HOME for 2 little girls. Protestant family In
. Alameda County. W.J.. Call office.
HOOKS— -XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
' H.C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
KL'MIVESS CHANCES.
: JOSEPhIsTR AUB^- "- 7 T""~ ..
- S50 Market st, cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
"Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. •• - •'-.-..
• Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
' -¦-¦¦ ¦'::. ... R9VHBb& Agent
Do you ' want to sell your business, or do you
¦ want 'a partner for legitimate business call on
- above address. > *Uttf£jiMQBff l *&>Z9tapi
- - A — Good-paying, saloon In the of
' the newspapers; comer; very. reasonable. ¦'-
A— Bakery and • restaurant; ¦ 'on /principal
,,.": business street ' Investigate.-.'.. ;.,:.-. .-
?—Buyers waiting for. "coffee saloon. ._
LODGIJfG HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
McBRIDB & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 34337
Buyers for lodging-houses ; ¦ call "¦ and • see our
• large list from $300 to $6000; fair • and hon-
est • trade; . sellers list r your houses with us
for quick sale. '".-;-• -.-. ... . ' ¦
25 ROOMS: well furnished; central location;
worth $3000 ; good selling reason ; price . only
S2C00; present owners'^ future being assured;
part cash from responsible party. 3941, Call.
A— NOTICE— We : have * rooming-houses, \ all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the olty ; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt
$473 — NE-WLY, furnished flat; 7 • rooms ' and
, bath r must- sell -this week. '•- 439 Parrott
building.' M. TURMAN & CO. : : .:,^
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale; .'from/ $800
up. ROHLFS CO.; 41 Third st. •..,.--•
. SPIRITUALISM. . . '. - '.,:;
A— O. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face (to face;. seance
Tues.", Frl., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. % J. J. "WHITNEY trance, bus.. medium;
¦ j life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings,- $1;
letter. $2.i 1164 O'Farrell St.; ¦ EUls car.
JOHN SLATER— Circle, 25o, to-night, .8:15:
¦ all receive tests; .sittings;- 10 v:to- 4., -lSOT
Stockton st, nr. Greenwich ; phone Red 8455.
MME. MAXWELL: meeting . to'-nlght; . lOo;
convincing tests; readings dally. - 1238 : How-
¦ ard st. ' ¦' - .-.'.-:. . ', ;-.'¦ ..''¦¦'-'¦ .-"¦•¦¦''.-:''. ¦
EDWARD EARLE, 828 Ellis; ; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C7J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night; lOo.
' . - '¦¦'¦_._¦
MMEriTBERN 'xKD,
:; THE -FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, •¦ next Examiner : bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic.
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told , how . to ; overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE/ the well-known tranos
medium, is. permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et., cor. Golden Gate ave.'.' rooms 25 and
26; tak» elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by - mall [ send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ¦- ... ,
MMB. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret ; shows picture future husband or wife ;
fee 25o and up; satisfaction to everybody;'
open Sundays; hours, 10 to S p.-m. 215^ 6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op- r
poslte Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
.to 6 p. . m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. .m. ' ' .
A — MISS M. WILLS, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal oeer; reads your life correctly -without
ques.; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a," m. to 8 p. m..
MRS, LAVON. wonderful fortune teller;' truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 234% • Sixth st..-
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
,25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from I Louisiana;
only 10c; from Uto 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
50c, $1 — Prof.*Weller; clairvoyant, palmist card
reader;mall orders ;stamp for clro. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5. Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING .AND CLEAIVING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wc^cs^353-357TeliainastjteL
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp, 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works: pricea
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
. - 333 Golden . Gate ave. ; telephone . East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL 1 Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, 916 Market st. ; advice ' free. - Tel. Bush
194; able body, of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W.King,
attorney. Examiner building, Cth floor. ' ; .
- COTTAGES TO LET. ,.'. >« .
A — ELEGANT 6-room cottage, 30 minutes' ride
from city; furnished complete. A. M. SPECK
& CO.. 667 Market st . -
FOLSOM, 2326 — Cottage, 7 : rooms and bath;
rent $22. , ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ : .
A COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent. $9. - 1 Lombard
- 6t, near Hyde: . ¦ . .-
COTTAGE, S rooms, newly papered. 709% Har-
' rison>st. (rear); $7. . " : '..'.
~~~ ~ DENTISTS. . . •
A— DR. T7^T^IGlffNs792TM^keTTt7Emrna
- ¦ Spreckels bldg.-^Painless dentistry at reason-
1 able prices; pure g*ld fillings. $160; other
' fillings. $1; gold and" porcelain crowns.' $5
up; plates, a . full set of ¦ teeth - that look
natural and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction. -....¦¦ ¦.'
I do first-class. work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes. for best crowns, plates, .bridges
and fillings; extractions or, fillings by,, my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
. experience; no .students; advice free;' prices
cheapest and guaranteed; -lady 'attendants.
PR: GEORGE W.. LEEK. ,20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market/cor.
4th; rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty;gcld
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.m. ; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P. S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. C Turk st.i cor. Mason—
' Expert . painless extractors ; ' skilled operators ;
pas given; lady attendant. R.C.. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S.,. proprietor and manager.'
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break ;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50;fillinRs,50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE' my new pink Ivory ' plates ; see my new
unbreakable "bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings. -25c. Dr. .'Brown. : 54 6th.
MEYER 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 - Turk - st. ;
crown and bridge work ; gas , specialist.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
¦Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
PR. • E. P. SHEPARD, - 14 i Geary st. ; : expert
' workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. -, DR. - H. > G.
¦i' YOUNG,. 1841 Polk St. .• >.'¦ t ...
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln — Pain-
less ext.'COc: plates $5 up; phone Folk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
'¦' Class rates; patterns cut. '-'-1019 [Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. " WM.
PILGER/121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.--
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR.- CREELT'S C. > P.V dog. soap . by -druggists
- or at the Hospital. 510 Golden 'Gate ave,'.'
EDUCATIONAL."^'. ~~
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF, ELECTRICAL | ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration; construc-
tion, ; laboratory : and ehop-work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. -24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. .... '•.'¦ ¦ -".';.,.,. . •',-,
-ATRKS' Leading Business, Colleger 723 Market
_. — $8 per month ; $50 llf e ¦ scholarship i guaran-
tees ¦ a complete bus. ; education;. shorthand,
typing, . bpokkeeplng, arithmetic," penmanship,
spelling, .Spanish, . etc. : experienced teachers;
'.., .. ne w . type writers ; i positions secured ; > cat. I free. •
S.. F. BUS. COLLEGE, • 1236 Market 5 st— Big
' school : because v It's ' best.'.-' Our Gregg j short-
hand students write '200- wdyds 1 a- minute "on
test. ¦ Typewriters • at ¦ home free 1 to > students.
Nine positions last week." ...,* ' ¦ 3t2Ht&&XifiA
HEALD'S SCHOO, OF. MINES. 1 24!POST^ ST.,"
v S." F. — Thorough «x>urses ; complete equipment;
• - all subjects pertaining to i mining and' mining
engineering; day and night ;• catalogue free. ;
A — The ' LYCEUM,':- an '. preparatory
: , school . for . the university,';: law .« and ., medical
colleges;. references,; President; Jordan or; any
.Stanford professor.,^Phelan^building..; -
¦ A— THE r of flclal reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
'- , MARSH /¦ COLLEGE. : i Is n this >' advice ¦¦ worth :
following?,"- Life scholarship $50; catalogue, i 1
; ACTING, * elocution,; specialties ; IHallet ! School,"
'. : associated with 'theatrical agency securing po-'
¦' sltions." " Alcazar .building,": 120 O'Farrell ; st' ' 1
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners.' college
:;, graduate & bookkeepers, in account'g; figures
TARR, expert accountant;'; 219 Parrott ibldg.:
ENGINEERING^rCivil, ' elec; mining,mech.sur-
- vey, ' assay,', cyanide ; > day, f eve. ;'. est. > 1864. 1. Van
, der Nalllen -School,; 113 Fulton,; nr. ¦ Clty : Hall."
CALIFORNIA Business College;; most thorough
" modern , methods ; 1 positions for all graduates ;
new,C0-page catalogue free.'? '305 Larkln' stTKr
A— THE i Leo . Cooper > School • of Acting * has '¦ re-*
'.. moved ¦ to Native Sons'- Hall : 414 : Masoni st*;:^
VIOLIN; • guitar, \ mandolin,' > banjo p, taught a In
i\ class." $l^month.^ 1836 Eddy; r'phon'e' Pine 433 -,
PIANO lessons by; lady; teacher; : homes .visited
¦ " If desired ; $3 month. [ Address ; box S906,' T Call."-'
. - ¦ ._
WANTED— 4 cooks; some wash, $30; , 5 second
girls, $20-825; German nurse,' 2 children, to go
- to Honolulursee lady here, $25; 2 restaurant
¦'¦ waitresses, '$5-88 week; maid and seamstress,*
. $20; housework, Ross Valley, see lady office
at 10 o'clock, - $30; ¦ housework,- ¦ Belmont $25 ;
6 waitresses to ' go south," $20-$25, • fare paid ;
.-' " housework. • sleep : home, - $20; ; also a large
number of girls to do general housework in
-nice German and American families at $20,
$25. $30. Call J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
, Sutter at '. . : . .' ;•* , '
HEAD ¦¦ waitress, $30, and . 4 waitresses, * $25,
- new hotels. : r, -. > -•
7 MRS. M.B.DAT ACO..V.....S88 Geary st.
WAITRESS and plain laundress, $25, Arizona,
' free ' fare.TiVyi"t3f<Hf/*«!
M. B.DAY & CO........ 335 Geary. st
FIRST-CLASS second girl, choice place, $25.
MRS. M.E. DAY & CO. ...... .335 Geary st
OPERATORS ¦ at Levi Strauss 8s Co.'s Overall
Factory, 82% . Fremcnt st ; no experience
¦ necessary; good pay; steady work. . Apply
to MR.. DAVIS. '._ ..
WANTED— Reliable girl to take care of child 8
years old 'and make herself generally useful.
• Apply between 9 and 12, 2321 Buchanan st,
.,: corner of Washington. ;•...-' "
WANTED— A young girl ' to do light house-
work ; family of 2 ; wages $12. . Call 10 and
12 a. m.; 15 Noe st. ;¦ * :
' AMATEUR ¦ performers .' wanted ; salary . unlim-
ited. Apply at Chutes at 8 o'clock this even-
¦ ¦¦ Ing. ..•'.¦¦ -,.-.- .- , '.- ¦¦,.- '¦ . - ...¦;:-; ;-./.. .,
WANTED— A girl, German preferred, to take
' care of, 2 children Ir»- Honolulu; must have
. references. - Call 1606 .Van Ness ave., rm. 29.
A WOMAN, to take charge ; of : two children, 8
and 4, respectively; no other work. 1349
Taylor st . • : : . ¦
WANTED— Girls to iron, shirts. -Apply, THE
-* L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 81' Battery st ..'...
GIRL to do light housework. and cook for one;
pleasant home; $10. Call 208 Hyde st_
I A GIRL;; light- housework, plaint cooking; 4
adults; $15-. before 3. 1226 Page st > -
LADY; help to assist with housework; 10 to
. 4 :30 dally. 1511 Baker st.
YOUNG : woman ; for • housework; ; half day ; . $8.
,•.; 1911 Geary st. . : :\
GIRL to assist at housework; wages $15. Ap-
, ply 2102 Golden Gate ave. \ '
WANTED — Business woman of ability aa man-
.ager. ,Box 3818, Call office. • / ; . .
YOUNG • girl • to assist light housework. $ia
136 Hartford sf, ' off rl8thj near Castro.
WANTED^ — A waitress for an ordinary »estau-
rant; good easy Job. 969 Howard st ..
GIRL, general housework; small family; wages
$25; references. Apply after 10. 1634 Fell st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 1477 Guer-
t rero st. ¦_¦'::;.¦;,':*¦"¦¦'.;
A NEAT young girl wanted to assist In light
¦housework at 1277 O'Farrell st; sleep home.
WANTED — Girl'.'to .'wait at • table. Eureka
Hotel, 415 Brannan St.; wages $20.
WANTED — Experienced i hairdresser and ap-
prentices.' Apply between 8 and 11a.m.
' . at HALE BRQS.' X : „ .
WANTED— Middle-aged woman. unlncum-
bered, to take charge of house and care for
. child 6 years old; wages $10 per month; Eng-
' llsh or Scotch preferred. Box 4006.- CalL
GIRL to do light housework In Alameda; from
country preferred; two in family; good home;
references; wages $10 per month. Box 3929,
Call office. . • .
GIRLS >: learn halrdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, , hairwork from A to Z in 2 weeks'
course, $5; must fill 5 positions within 2
weeks; day and eve class. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
WANTED — A refined young girl to assist up-
stairs; 2 children; German preferred. 2930
Sacramento St.. corner BroderlCk. '
WANTED — An - experienced ' tucker; ' steady
/work. -MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
APPRENTICE on pants; paid while learning.
110 William st, off Geary, near. Taylor.
A NEAT girl for general housework/' Call at
2706 Sacramento st. •'.^SS'SiiBBs2s&St^i
SMALL clrl to assist In housework; $7. 264
; San Carlos ave. . near Twentieth st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Call 823 Paclflo
street ¦''. . ' . .
WANTED — A .'woman for ' cooking '¦¦ and light
• housework. C13 Pacific st*. upstairs. - - y^
GERMAN ' girl - wanted to take care of 2 chil-
dren; wages $20. -Apply 2214 Broderlck st.
WANTED — Good talloress > on ¦ vests, $12 per
week; steady work. BERLIN. 504 Eddy st
GIRL for housework and plain cooking In Ger-
:--.man family of 2. .1444- O'Farrell St.- -\
PRESSER ,00 -custom -coats.- BELASCO '&
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. , .
A . GERMAN woman as governess; state re-
ligion: salary $30. Box 2994. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for, Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
' Valencia st ...
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & ' READY '. . . . . . . . Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦ . 034-636 Clay St.
Office Open 7 a. v m. . /.
Head milker, south, good dairy.. $23 and fd
• .Foreman,- hay, and dairy ranch ...."..$75
Farmer and -wife • for orchard, • Santa Clara
' County, $40 and : found ; .3 molders, $2 60 to
$3 25 a day; 3 men to learn ¦ molding sash
weights; 2 milkers, same dairy, north, " $35
and found; 4- plow teamsters, $26 and $30
and found ; 5 farmers, same ranch, $20 and
found; 4 pruners, orchard, $30 and found;
.4 choremen; 3 choreboys.
: . "WOODCHOPPERS ...:......'..
CHEAP, FARE .........:.... BIG WAGES
40 : more woodchoppers for a 8 years' . Job,
Level ground .......:......'. .Virgin timber
, Prices — Redwood ¦ 80c, ' pine $1 25, hardwood
$1 50 cord, ties 14c to 16c each; young (man
to drive bakery wagon, country, $25; stable-
man and drive,' country bakery, $40; man
: a nd wife, country, store, . $50 and found ; ¦ mar- ¦
ried laborer . for mining company, sfee bosrsf
here; carriage blacksmith. ' .,"
-Second' baker, city: jobs; 6 cooks, 5 waiters^
: 10 • kitchen ' hands, ¦ etc. • , .:••:«•
MURRAY & READY 634-036 Clay sti :
AT- C. :R.' HANSEN ;'& CO.'S... .104 Gea"fy, st
New Railroad .Work. ...... .^..•.'. Free Fare
_- . .'.-. :...... ... ; FOR NEVADA . . '. .......
50 teamsters ...$2 a day
50 • laborers .'. .'.$2 ' a day
00 rockmen ; . '. *.";.. ......... r rrr.". . . '. $2 a day
........FOR CHATSWORTH PARK. .......
50 header and corner men. .... ..'.$2 50. a day
50 drillers and muckers. .. .$2 to $2 25 a day
• ...Free Fare. ...Ship Dally. ."..Free Fare...
6 farmers, same . ranch ...... 1 . $20 and found
;¦ 4 farmers, Alameda County... $20 and found
..... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . . .;.:.;;
4 second ' cooks, > fryers ¦; and . broilers, . $50 - to
. $70; ¦ 6 waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25;
• short - order cook, / chophouse, • country, $40;
. cook's helper, 'Institution, country, $30; as-
sistant lunchman, city. $40.......
..... . . .... . .LAUNDRY HELP. :.. ... ..;...
¦ Hand laundryman, plain work, country hotel,
$30; - laundryman- and,- 2 i; helpers,' country
hotel * ; $30 and $20; r'ironer," country, hotel
laundry, $40;' boy to run mangle, hotel laun-
. dry, ! country, ; $15 ' and . found '. and fare : paid.
C. R. HANSEN, & CO.......... 104 Geary st
BUTLER," ?35 and ' found ; . ; waiter,"- private
.. - family, > $35 ' and found ; hotel : waiter, coun-
:. ;' try, • $25 . and '- found ; ' restaurant ' baker, and
: others. J. F. - CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
; • mento st. • ' . . .
2 BLACKSMITHS ;> for ¦ country, • $2 50 a * day
and :?45 and board; ;man'i about -place, $30
> .: and \ found; "chore man for institution, $10 to
' ' $12 and ¦ found ; 2 farmers ; and ' wives, r $35
.. and ?40 and'found; piano ; player, * fare*Ad-
- vanced;;' car, builders - and -others. ¦ J. ¦ F
¦>, y CROSETT & ; CO. , v 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, : 316 STOCKTON : ST.
'Broiler," $70; second cook,- $75; assistant gar-
dener, ?25; • young man for ¦ small "boardlng-
. house,- $15; ; boy to help In kitchen, $15; dish-
% washer,i?15; butler; $35 to $40, .etc, •'.'•
ANDRE'S Office./ 316 Stockton st— Second
: cook. ¦; country • hotel,' $00; . second • cook, - $75-
.-..short border ¦ cook,; $30; waiter, $30; ¦ dlsh-
, .washer,' ¦ $20; gardener, •, country, . $20,\ etc. .
BARBERS — All barber shops must ' close -at
' noon 'Saturday,"- February- 22 Washington's
' ¦ birthday, ¦ as '. it r is a ¦ legal 7 holiday ; all . Jour-
.' .neymen-. barbers r violating rthis rule will be
fined $25. :< By ' order of . Local No. 14S.
GEORGE ' BARRETT.', President
. JOS.; BLEILY., Secretary.-.. ;
MASTER Barbers— All barber shops close Feb '¦
; 22 v. ( Washington's 4. birthday),",, at ,• 12 ' o'clock
,-i noon ; > kee^ 1 open : until : 11 p. , m: ¦; day t previous.
WANTED-^At' reliable ¦ man :v- with ' .\ $125 not'
1 . ' afraid ?¦ of • light ¦ work. . for '{ a business ¦; that
.', will pay .;?70;per month; no i experience re-
quired ; ¦ permanent ' place. '> Apply ' 1016 Mar-
;¦ : . ket "St.."", room -10. .-.-¦.¦•
STENOGRAPHER", " wanted-^Competent V in
• -, shorthand, and:- typewriting; ; salary --$40 ''per
month; -.permanent ; position. Address . box
:;. 4016, j Call.". s ',.••;.:;;. / s
WANTED— Ai strong ; young 1 man to work in
factory.' Apply 221 Perry st. ...
WANTED-^Chlnese icookr to do uownstairs
• /-work; ¦ references : required. . 2505 Broadway.-
, GOOD r carria«e: blacksmith wanted. Apply to
V • PHIL IKLIPPLE,; Salt: Lake,. Utah."'
WANTED^ good carpenters *, at " 3841 Nme-
wteenth st.;t:call tWednesday^or.* Thursday. .
ERRAND boy; wanted at 304 Tehama st ,
j BpPCATlONAJj.— .Contln-aeJ. . _ - _ a
MARY P. :WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
; lessons, 60c j. piano, for practice. .39 Fifth st.
C. ' HOFFMAN, the ' European i pianist." gives
'.thorongh,: successful Instruction. 1017 Butter.'
ARITHMETIC., bookkeeping, grammar, wrlting.-
>. ' etc ; day or eva. ; $5 mo.- 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND .taught i by ; mail or personally.
MISS M. Q.' BARRETT, "; 802 Montgomery sf
VIOLIN,' mandolin, 1 guitar.' Prof. MERKI; good
¦ :• teacher. -"1008 .Mission ; - instruments; selected.'
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr." 10th.
~*-J?ltman shorthand, - typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S ; DAY : and
ILLUSTRATION-^-nlght class. ¦ 424 i Plna st ;.. /
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post'st; S.' F.;
'. - founded 1863 : new . 80-page catalogue free. .
OFFICES..;
A-r-JAPANESE reliable • house-cleaning, cooks
¦; and .waiters furnished 'at short notice, v Geo.
-¦Klnoshlta, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help ; estab.' 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907,^BRADLEY, & CO.. 640 Clay.
Orand j Japanese-Chinese ' Emp.Offlce. 415 Stock-
.> ton ; tel • Grant 168 ; expert, reliable help. . ¦
JAPANESE i and Chinese best help : cook and
¦ waiter.': 421'. Post. ;• GEO.. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE.', best domestic, farming and house-
. cleaning. B28 Stevenson ; . phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
; flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE ; Intelligence Office— Furnish most
¦ reliable help, 624 Bush st; tel.* Bush 616.'
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese .help." 426 -PowelI.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
POSITION as attendant In doctor's or dentist's
- office by an American lady. Address • box
.... 8817, ; Call, of flee. . ,.-,.'¦ '. . . : ¦.. . ...
RELIABLE -woman wishes position to do gen-
' eral housework ; in , email - family - of adults ;
city or country; wages $12. to $16." '86 Rltch.
YOUNG woman would like a place to do house-
r work and plain cooking. Address box,,4019,
¦¦;: Call office.-; ¦¦ ,C . ¦ ;¦ ,° ¦
GIRL .wishes < a ' situation to do light house-
• work;' wages $20 per month. Address 1028
Carolina St.. near Twenty- third. ¦ ' - : ¦.'•-
PROTESTANT. : woman, neat and reliable,
plain cook, wishes general housework; steady
place ; wages reasonable. ,; Box ¦ 4018, Call.' .,
YOUNO woman ' wishes situation 1- in ' private
• . family; - good ? plain cook. 1079 '¦ Market st. ;
• . call between 9 a. m. and'4'p. m.'-. ; ' ' \* - ¦
YOUNG woman .wants work by the day; ref-
" erences. 3S2 Fifth et :
WANTED— Situation to do housework by girl;
best of references; 843 Franklin st, Oakland.
GOOD '. strong woman would like to go ; out
washing 4 by the day .in private family; $1 50
per day. ..Call 447 First St., bet. Harrison and
: Bryant ;; '.;.. .'.. . /, :; - ; - , " -¦• "-,-:. ¦
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes a position in
private family; good references; wages $30
to $35/ Address 316% Rltch at. between
Brannan and - Townsend. .
RELIABLE Swedish girl wishes position to do
general housework; wages $25. Call 8}j
¦'-. Sherman st." f>; : '-[v'-'-f . ' '¦- ¦ .-• . ¦ '.
Al MILLINER-wlU call on. ladles; old mate-
rlal -utilized; -new furnished- when desired.
. Box 3025, Call, of flee. ¦ . ¦
GmL- wishes .situation; light housework; prl-
| vate family: references; no postals or letters
answered. 1022 Larkin st. . '
WANTED— Situation as lunch waitress. Ap-
ply during 'day. 748 Howard st - '
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. 14 Hayes St.. -near Larkin; florist.
WINCHESTER House,; 44 Third st, near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; Si 60
--; to $6, week; i convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage; to and from ferry. ¦ • ¦-.-¦:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia, st. ' - : • '¦• ¦-
' EMPLOYMENT WANT J^bl— MALE.
YOUNG Irishman \ with excellent- references
seeks steady, position about; private place
In city: understands milking, gardening, taka
.care of. horses and help In kitchen, etc '. Box
8816, Call office. .
GERMAN with' thorough knowledge of English
and • Spanish desires position as correspond-
ent, " assistant bookkeeper or similar employ-
ment; 'best 1 " city references.. 'Box 49W,: Call. 1
MIDDLE-AGED i man wants •: position In ' store
¦ or factory- or -any. other light work; city or
country; email wages;, has good ¦ references.
: Box 3819, Call 'office. '¦ .. ;• :»-;
I .WANT work ; ; prefer., watchman * or.-; porter ;
'can-' furnish references- and v bond. BOAZ,
'. : box 3038, Call 'office. ;
YOUNG man desires a position as bookkeeper;
: ~ has a knowledge of stenography, v Address
box 3216. Call office.' : '.- ¦- ¦ • ¦-
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation in hotel
• or. good boarding-house. D. L., 275 Steven-
,'.' son Bt.^..; ' ' '¦ " , ,.'.•¦'- : •':.-'' • ¦ . '¦' '¦'-'
SITUATION wanted by young colored man to
work for private family; can do : anything
¦about gentleman's place. W. W.; 174 Jessie.
SMART waiter," being also a good | all-around
cook, wants occupation. *. 5 Howard court,
"between Fourth and . Fifth : sts. v
ACTIVE young man . of - 24 with ; a' few tools
wants ' place ..with j a carpenter and builder,
. ..with-.opportunlty. to advance. : Box 3995, Call.
YOUNG man 22 years wants position ; 1 assistant
.bookkeeper/shipping clerk, bill clerk or simi-
lar work; has had experience; can give the
¦'• ' best of references. Box 3996, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an- experienced: gar-
- dener. in all -.branches; 14 years' . references.
Address G., box 3S04, Call office.
P.M. JONES" and JOHN J. NEWMAN, surgi-
¦¦cal and medical nurees; Al references. Tele-
r- phone South 857; residence, 206 Van Ness av.'
EXPERIENCED male nurse ¦ would like .posl-
" tion on private case; would take entire charge
.' If 'necessary: Box*3997, Call office. . • . ¦ -, "
A HANDY, man wishes a situation in a hotel
¦ ¦ in city or. country; - furnish . good . references.
. P. B., 317 Jessie st. V • ': '¦•¦¦¦.. :.
PAINTER, ' paperhanger and • whltener, : mar-
ried man, needs' employment; wages vary, rea-
sonable; is steady, sober and : faithful. \Ad-
dress F. H... box 8315, Call office. -¦' "T. ,
iWANTED^Pbsition ¦' by. a', steady, 'reliable
' 'young man, 'light work of any. kind; experi-
¦' ence as -waiter In small restaurant. •- H. J.
H... box 3810." Call. ' .
YOUNG man ¦ 26 • years old : wants ' position ,- as
*¦ 'stationary -engineer, and, electrician; 'best of
.references; city or country/ - Box. 3811,". Call.'
MAN> will drive and care for one or two horses.
...Box 3ti7S. ; Call : office.' ,
YOUNG.! Frenchman v deslres" a position as
•' " .waiter : <jn . table or : do general : work ; best
i references. , Box 3812,- 1 Call : office. ¦ .: -
MAN wants employment \ who' understands
• : horses.ralsing.of ;poultry; can milk; at-pres-
V ent V employed; good city .'- i references. • Box
¦ 3992, ;CalI^ office. ;¦>- ' ,•;¦¦¦'-':.¦¦¦ '.'>¦;¦ •'
EXPERT 1 , stenographer, : typist, , accomitant,
'gives two hours' service dally in exchange for
:¦„ comfortable bedroom ' and / breakfast. Box
'¦' 74G2, Callofflce. ":¦< '¦ ¦.-;.-"». ;,
POSITION as porter, wrapper • or assistant
- packer : by March 1. • Address N. LINTON,
. 435^ : Minna sf •. .¦-.'. ' S .- : - . . -¦ ; . y ' ¦;'¦ --.;.>; : ; : ~: \\
'JAPANESE ' wants a" , situation /. as , first-class
cook; 'good references;. city or country. . Box
-.- 4013, Call office.-
JAPANESE wants position' to do '.work of any
... kind between 5 and 9 p. m. ; SME, 38-40 Third.
JAPANESE,', good '- watchmaker, "..wants a. s posl-
*tion In a good place. 526 Dupont St.- :.' r> '
COMPANIES' incorporated, promoted, guaran-
• teed ;and financed ;: stock - taken > in payment
;¦'• for -services;:: good propositions wanted; gold,
' bonds furnished. 'PACIFIC STATES MINING
¦ AND .' INVESTMENT ¦¦ CO.',' U. ; S. . licensed
/ stock brokere,"' 320 PoBt st. ' ¦
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices, in 'operation; new.method'of
';¦ placing stocks and * bonds ; , companies , incor-
;.P0rated; stocks and bonds underwritten. y Call
r or address main . office.'- 507-8-9 •• Parrott :. bldg^
__ _ J FLATS TO'LET. :'¦-
A— SEE A. ¦ M.- SPECK & CO.", ¦ 667 Market : St.,
\ 'for swell nPW.flats,;facingiGoIden Gate Park.:
A— MARINE ; view ; • new ; . ¦ 2922 f Pacific : ' ave. ;
;..'.'. sunny side; swell' location ; 8 rooms and bath.
' A— SWELL-' new flats. ¦ 6 : to 8 : rooms," Just ' fln-
'.' '¦ ls"hed. " .- 500 r G29 ' Frederick .'st.*; \ near.. Stanyan.
>UPPER flat, ¦ 3 rooms ; . newly . papered ; ' $9. ¦ 659
Vi' Jessie,' st.;; aboverSeventh." ; . -\:i".i .* Vv
4/ROOMS, , bath, , cellar and , yard t at ) 312 . Wal-
\,Mer. st. ¦¦'-.,-..:.-. 'J.'j .7 :¦¦ :-. ..'.- ¦'¦¦-.' r. ,,:*.'.,'
• ¦ : FOB-;SALE.! ~ '.
4, ROOMS furnished -ln v bak,i$4S 50, : with No. 1 7
'grange/ King Furniture Co.V; 1127-1131 ; Market. -
FOR ; = sale— Furniture of. 6-room ' flat. > -$450; $200
v- ic'ash.V 156 Eddy; st.--- *;-..; ¦ '.' '
:". ¦ : ',;FCRMTDREiWANTBD.;;;';';-:-
• A. : WOLLPERT.v 773 i Mission \ nt:;i pays highest :
t-vprlce for second-hand furniture; tel.i Red 1354.'',
,'D."& F: BLACK suede glove;, best In the world;
•'•••warranted;; kept 'la repair.. 121 Grant :*t«.":;-.
HEtP.WANTBP— MALE— »Coii. -
WANTED — A young , irian ' • who : .understands
typewriting; chance to study law; small sal-
ary; Address box 4022. Call office. -
WANTED— Steady ; man .with $125 cash; per-
manent place; light work; will pay 565 per
: month. : Apply .765 Market ¦ St.. ¦ room 3. * . ¦
EASY chance to make money: best proposition
on the market; $2 to ?10 easily earned dally;
Investigate. P93 Market st., , room- 1.
BARBER wanted at 213 Sansoma st ; short
. hours. - 1 "
BARBER,' this evening. Saturday evening and
Sunday; good wages. 2308 Howard at.
WANTED An elderly man -to do chores on
smalt; place. 797 Mission st. /
COOK and waiter wanted. 103 Hayes st
YOUNG man as general office assistant and
salesman. Call 60 First st.
BOY for wholesale house: state age and ex-
perlence. -Box 4021. Call office., . - -
"WANTED— Young man to work ¦ In cake bak-
ery; must have experience. 011% Larkln st
WANTED — First-class man In Oakland to, pre-
sent a business proposition to business' peo-
_ pie with 'money; no books, oil stock or in-
> surance, but a sound propo3ltion_that is a
money-maker: j extraordinary opportunity for
rustlers. Address box 3644. Call office. Oak-
land. . .,-"•.¦- ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦'_
BARBERS— No more use for shaving cups or
Williams' soap; our stock of same for sale at
. less than cost. ¦ Russ House Barber Shop, 217
Montgomery st • ¦ ¦'.-¦'"
WANTED— Ex-soldlers and sailors at 630 Mar-
ket st to file claims for extra pay, etc o.
E. HOWE. .
3 YOUNG men between 15 ¦ and 20 years to
learn dry goods business; wholesale. E.. box
8806, Call office. .
BOY for drug stow; one with some experienco
preferred.. Box',3S01. Call office.
CABINET-MAKERS wanted; state If plece-
worker. Addre3s box 3S09. Call office. -
WANTED — Good paying barber shop In a good
country .town. Box 3313, Callofflce.
WANTED— A reliable German driver for. bak-
ery wagon; must have -experience; good
' wages.. Ill Larkln st. . . .
WANTED — Honest man. with $250; tend cash,
restaurant; $50 month and board; no experl-.
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN. 1221 Mkt.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In demand;
only requires 8 weeks;. tools donated; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay at. .-¦'"• -.
WANTED — Recruits for • the marine ' corps, V.
. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch;. able to speak and read English. For
i ' further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed:
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — LaborWs and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20e up. 923 Howard St., nr. 6th,
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
¦ mailed.- S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ' ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-s«led while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission it., bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged. * half
•price.. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
r Valencia st.
' HORSES AND WAGOXS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hor*»3
Market,' 327 'Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
BAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and . sold ; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market St., corner Eleventh.
AN: A NoM . express wagon." single: also light
: camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR Eale — 1375 Eddy st.; stylish single-footing
. saddle horse.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent tp any address in the
United States or Canada one , year for $1,
postage paid. ' ' , •
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
eular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES FOR SALES.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
yard; fine -location; Portola. off Waller, bet
. Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore, . 63 Portola.
¦¦ HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you —
- Free, consultation on hair and scalp treatment
bV applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 30. 139 Post St.. Liebes - building.
LOST AND FOUNT*.
LOST — Military cape, velvet collar; reward
paid. Return to DR. HALPRUNER, 28 Call-
y. fornia at. ¦ -
•S'JS -'. REWARD : for the. return of a tabby cat
. J« with. bell around neck stolen from 1939 Page.
H^WifilA'N coat of arms brooch, pinned In a
belt. Box 3994. Call office; reward.
LOS*T— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
:C and Loan Society of -San Francisco in the-
<->"name of CHARLES W. DICKEY; No. 241-
- 200.' The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Around Third and Harrison sts.. a gold
- boat rowing medal, marked Fred Beal, N. S
¦; - G. W- •'.' Return 700,, Harrison st. ; reward.
LOST — A white. bull terrier, long tail: around
.'Eleventh and Mission sts. Return to 106
Eleventh it.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
¦ Lnlted States or Canada one year for $1..
MATRIMONIAL. —
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MA1TKESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and ' sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. - HOPKE BROS. 411 to 415 Powell
st. ; ; tel.'"* Bush 421.
;"¦_';•';." '- MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
-cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
." of: a", delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated ; relief to the longest cases ;
all private diseases in ¦ both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth]
A — MRSjSWEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
'-, slty, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladles
before t and during .confinement; best care*
.- conflitement $15; rm., board. $5 wk. ; Infants
adopted; -will take 2 to. work at my private
¦ ; resld., 606 Guerrero st, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles* specialist*
.•-•" 30 years', experience; instant relief >. guaran-
teed; home before and . during confinement ;
¦ infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near. Taylor
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell et, '
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at, the old, of flee,' 122S Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other case3.-
DR.'and MRS. .WEGENER, ladles' physician*
•private home for confinement; .babies adopt-
ed ; formerly 1312 G. G. ave. ; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' „' original
-method of treatment: maternity home; home
••'.in confinement. 1126 Market st.'S. F.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician* 25
T; 3«ars' .-. successful experience- in-S. F . Ma-
: " ternity. Home, 900 Market St.; opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. 'ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladies-'
specialist; a private home : before and durin<*
confinement; ;best : medical care; low fees.
DR. NG.TOYKEE. 210 Stockton. st./ d»pposito
Union : square: all diseases cured by herbs.N
_ MI3TBS AND MIXING.,
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, la wyer.Examlner big S
¦ : F. : branch office.'. Nome. Alaska, season 1902!
MINING AND ASSAYING. •
FOR : sale— Property of the ¦ Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company.? situated In Ne
vada County. 15 miles north- of Auburn- •>
patented- claims, quartz imill, ditch
and hoistlng^works;- reasons for selling, non-
'; experience of mining by owners -mine onen
for. Inspection. Furthef . particular? t: £m I
•- MEISTER. Sacramento, Cal"
¦ • ' ¦ . - -- .
MISCEIXA3TEOPS-— FOIt : , 8A }^'
t»/-\tt -e*t»ci >nvinM 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH fwOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont .t.
1 GEAR power elevator. . all complete: 1 hand
power elevator, complete; •>«$&«* "g™*
pump; dynamo. H. S- WHITE. 130-133
Beale st. formerly of 516 Mission.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machlirery, en-
gines, boilers, water prpes shafting pulleys,
eto. WHITELAW. 253-25S Spear St.
EDISON home phonograph. S ood *f., new ;, o^"^
30 records, latest selection rmust sell to-day or
exchange for Jewelry. 415B Third st
SEALSKIN suitable for 86 or 88 bust: condi-
tion and quality finest; coat originally J230.
for $90 cash; a beauty. Box S943,. Call office.
I BAR fixtures; big stock; installments •billiard
and pool tables; easy tenns_ or rented. Th»
Brunswlck^Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Plna.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS/* 437 Montgomery st.
•Wall paper 8c, worth 10c; paperhanglng. palnt-
lng. Merlgan. 1302 Webster: tel.Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hiand. all makes at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg-y.
GAS engine, 1 horsepower, for sale. Shirt
store, 635 Valencia st \ ¦
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & WAXTTT.TON. . ... .
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 23-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 398 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. ' •'¦•'_
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento «t.
1ST-CLAES 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new-.^nd 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD &T^RECK. 131. Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
Skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 8276. Call of flew.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. ' Portland Loan
Office. ¦ 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4S4.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. ; tel. Jeasie 2S51.
BI O XEY^'1'ULO^y» •^ wo _^_
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates.
S .......On first and second mortgages.......
Life interests in estates. .........
..;..,.;Property being held In trust «
.... .Undivided Interests In real estate. ...»
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate.,
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
IfYou Need Money..
SEE HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ."*
$300,000 at o)<t & 3 per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and seeuru
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAS-
HATTAN LOAN CO.*, 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages..........
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhers
R. McCOLQAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3 .....'
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, . legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1% ¦
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
MONEY TO LOAN.
.......... $1,000,000 at Lowest Rates
......... .1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided interest in estates, lnsuranca poll-
-. cles.» furniture or anything else
PACIFIC LOAN CO.. 64S Market St.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 927 Marketroosn 613.
¦ A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no' removal; low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal ;confldentlal.
ORMSBY.26 Montgomery st.opp.Llck House.
ON- furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest "interest: easy terms;no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market »t.. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st..' r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
. HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Esc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. "TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos ; lowest rate ; no removal ;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansomo st
ON salaries without indorser; other proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 308 Phelan bldg.
. aiCSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
A'-' Factory Prices — We are cutting prices be-
cause our new building and hall will not b»
finished aa guaranteed by contractors. - Wa
will have no room for stock for two weeks.
10t> pianos of all different makes must b«
rented, stored, sold or shipped. We. also
wish to show you how cheap a cheap piano
can be sold — new pianos such as are sold
as bargains from $185 to $275, we will sell
at JOS. To give you a real piano bargain
we have some in all makes, slightly used,
from $25 to $350. -
HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary St., opp. Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and ' Includes the most reliable
makers to choose Jtom. New pianos sold upoa
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
A CARLOAD of good reliable pianos that wa
are going to offer at very, reasonable pricea
has Just been received; no one can afford to
buy a piano elsewhere If the best piano for
* the money is wanted. Wlssner Decker and
Baumelster pianos in all styles sold on pav-
MU n S t !c > CO d , e Vg d Mar'ke 1 t E st 2ENO "^^
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS — ~ "
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 upt. .
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BYRON MAUZY. 808-310-312 POST ST. ~"
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Lester. Splelmann.
Hamilton pianos; Cecil ian Piano Player, best
ta the market; fine large room for storing
pianos, $1 per month; pianos to rent, $2 per
month up; new pianos from $175 up; every-
thlng warranted to be as represented.
ANT. piano sold by ua taken back any tlmt»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price ; , costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
__ O'Farrell St.; established 1S50.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos ; now for sale at any
• reasonable offer to ralsa money; they must
go; easy payments; other storage uprights $W
up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market St. ,
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos. $33 up; A." B.
¦ Cameron, .walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son, 23 5th St.. Ivers &-Pond agta.
OUR pianos.- the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best in . the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music stora-of The Wiley B. Alien
Co.. 931 Market st. ,
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON.* 8 Flood big.
BARGAIN^ great sacrifice; 2 uprights/nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Snonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice fuli-sizei
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS., all makes, new or 2d-hand $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. 1720 Mlasn^
ST J L^J" cntln ! ? new pianos. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
ST^?\ IOR zithers. oM and new. H.
> MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand, In good order; all slaes*
Cheap. H.,S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale st. z
BPSjiyESS CHANCES— .Continue**. -
A— 4150' BAKERY In Alameda Co., situated on
main driveway; doing a fine buslness-i a . rara
chance for right. party. Call R. Q. WILKE,
. 26% , Kearny »t ' •• '...''¦ .
A— «425; DELICACY and dairy produce «tor«
on Mission St.} 3 living rooms; rent $20; daily
receipts about $25. Call R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny Et. . - ' ' ' ' •
A— $750: OYSTER and chop house, surrounded
by leading hotels, clearing ; above $150 per
month > and established v years. , Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St. ¦¦'-'.-»
A $G50; CORNER saloon on choicest part of
Montgomery St.; place paying; first-class;
rood fixtures; large stock.- .For particular*
seo R. G. WILKE, 28^' Kearny St. ;• .
$850 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store;
2 rooms; rent $30; 'near Geary and Leaven-
worth sts.: a. good paying -business; rare
chance for man and ¦ wife. Apply R. O.
WILKE. 20& Kearriy et.; .''-.¦.
A — ?S00; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on, Hayes Et;;rent $20; living rooms; good
business. Call R. Q. WILKB. 20^4 Kearny.
A — $450; RESTAURANT : on Fourth St., close
to Market: rent $30; good paying business;
valuo in sight. Call R. G. WILKB, 28 %
Kearny Vt - ' ' ' ."
A— $750: SALOON established years; close to
Kearny and Bush sts. Call R. G. WILKE,
. 2CVi Kearny st
A — $450: COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth et. : rent- $25; dally, receipts about
$25- owner to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny gt. \
A — CIGAR stand: fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $600: COFFEE saloon' and restaurant: es-
tablished years' first-class ~ paying: located
< close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
noon. R. G. .WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— KREDO & CO.," 14 Flood bldg.'
A rare opportunity: ...SOD Market st
A — $350; oor. grocery and bar, with 4 sunny
rooms; rent $25; good bar trade; good loca-
' tlon.
A — $900: cor. grocery and bar, worth $2000;
aocount of sickness; to-day only; prosperous
business corner.
$800— Candy mfg. and Icecream; $15 a day.
$850— Candy mfg. and icecream; downtown;
' trial.
$100 — Bakery, candy and notions; rent $10.
$350— Restaurant; $450 — Chophouse; $250 —
ealoon. . ' . .
$2500— Partner for mfg. bus. KREDO & CO.
A— SALOON; close to Market; on Third st.j
well stocked: good fixtures; 2 years'; lease;
, this is a bargain. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school;
good corner; $1900. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— STATIONERY store in Mission; 2 living
rooms; this is -an old-established place; will
sell for invoice on stock; best of reason for
selling; $5000. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
A — RESTAURANT and oyster house on 4th st. ;
doing good bus.* $400. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
$3500— LIVERY and feed stable; well stocked:
old established; hasn't changed bands for 7
: years; owner retiring, on account - of other
business. RETSLOFF & CO., 906 Market st.
A — $225: DELICACY store: good trade; 2 rooms:
rent $15. * STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny. Bt.
A — FOR rent — Corner cigar 6tore; near Market;
•snt $15. STRAND & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
IF you want to buy or sell a business of any
kind call at 135. Cth St.. LOWE & DARLING.
THE salmon cannery business Is the ¦ most
. profitable business in ' the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call . uoon our
. agent In your city and let him tell you about
It ¦ The Interstate Fisheries Comoany of
. Seattle. Wash., incorporated under the laws
of that State., making its stock fully paid
- end absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of. its stock to you at 15 cents per
Fhare and say positively to you that the next
block goes at 25 cents. Look Into it at once.
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY, 302-
303 Pacific block. Seattle. Wash., or branch
office. ERWIN & CO., 1104 Market st. room
3. San Francisco. Cal.
A — 10 CIGAR stands; prices - $75 . to $1600;
profits $2 to $S daily; rents $6 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrotf' building,
825 Market st.
HEALY & CARR phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
ctcres, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
., Money to loan on any of the above.
OUR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average - monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers x 113 Stockton st
FOR sale — The only brewery In a large county;
about 00,000 gallons brewed and sold; could
be enlarged at small expense; large lot of
0 acres with good buildings; price $13,000.
; 6ANDFORD & VACHELL. 133 Montgomery
et. S. F..-. , ¦ ';¦¦,-. ¦',:.:
A — $250; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with 51S to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial ' given : before
buying. . 25 Geary St., .room 4.
YOUNG North German, retail liquor dealer,
would buy Interest in small , brewery ' or
wholesale ¦ liquor business. Adress Confiden-
tial, box 4020, Call office.
AX- established selfrrunnlng business .10 years'
standing; handsome revenue; must be sold;
principals dealt with only; Box 4017. Call.
RESIDENT representatives wanted- In all prin-
cipal cities to handle a line of building. spe-
cialties; applications from responsible parties
desired: state experience an,dtull particulars.
Van Kannel Revolving Door Co., New York.
WANTED — Business managers of ability for
Consolidated" Coal Co., etock sales dept., in
leading cities of California. Address Con-
solidated Coal Co.. Pacific block, Seattle, Wsh.
WANTED— Partner with $500 In good busi-
ness; money can be paid back in one month;
no experience; no risks; investigate. L.,-
room 218. Emma Spreckels building. .
ANY one wanting to buy oyster and chophouse
. or shooting gallery call and see me; too much
work for me. ¦ 523 Pacific st
PARTNER wanted in manufacturing business;
must be'good salesman; -no large capital re-
. . quired. Address H. I. G.. box 3807. Call. .
PARTNER with small capital; good •¦ paying
business. 135 Fifth st. ,
SALOON — A small corner for sale; good stand.
Inquire at 143 Fifth st; no agents.
$100 — CIGAR stand; Third St.: receipts $6 day;
big snap. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALS.
A— . . Near the Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
• MARION GRDTFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.'
All fcr sale on easy terms.- Please call.'. >
$2000 — 45 rooms; two floors; new building; new
furniture: all light rooms; - absolutely
.'.. . clean; the best house in best block; rent-
only $100; sold with lease; a bargain.'
$1500 — A nicely furnished transient house north
of Market; clean: up to date; money
maker; nothing better in town. of >the
size; to be seen is to be appreciated;
no cards given. - ,;
$1350—24 rooms off Market; newly remodeled;
always full; rent only $65; guaranteed
ta" clear $100 a month (with 3 rooms re-
served) or no sale; a snap; -no cards
givenA . '•-¦¦?¦¦
$1500— A weir- located. ' well ' lighted house' in
Western Addition: good furniture; quiet;
homelike placer filled with desirable peo-
ple. If you want something good see
this: no cards given. - ...
$6000 — A new, splendidly furnished apartment
house clearing $300 a month; the owner
keeps books and ' will '. substantiate ¦ all
claims: a business- proposition for a
businessman; this should : look good to
. 5-ou; no cards| given.
TO BUY SELL OR EXCHANGE.
..:............ '..Call on US.................
......'. Any House Sold - on Payments . . .' . V". .
18 rooms; near Sutter; clears $125 .$125(
- 20 rooms;; clears $125; payments..'.. ... 1000
25 rooms: clears $140; only: .- v. 1350
16 rooms; Eddy st; reduced to..'...'.'..'. 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain; ...'...........;. 200
22 rooms; 3d st; clears $100; payments.' 1000
10 rooms; Jones st. corner ;¦ only..... .. '275
12 rooms; elegant; . offer, wanted. •
•24 rooms; Geary st. ; payments r;.': I...'. 2300
' 7 rooms ; bargain ; easy .'terms .'.':...... 300
C8 rooms; corner; clears $400.'.. 3500
17 rooms; "clears $75; only.. ..'.......... 230
19 rooms; rent $40; clears ' $60. ¦ 430
13 rooms: very good; rent $50. .V.. ..... "50
A. ,H. RETSLOFF & CO.: phone John 631.
906 Market st, cor. Ellis, room 12. .
WINSTON & WOLF! . . . ... ."V
102C Market st..;.... 1020. Market St.
(Photograph Galley Entrance.)
r 20 roenw. rent $60; must sell. ......... .".$1100
20 rooms/rent $65; good location."....... 950
20 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter St.... ..'."1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good.'. .'....'..; 1400
40 rooms, rent $.75; see this.."......;..... 1700
, We Have Many. More Such! Bargains. ¦ ,'
A— McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO., ": ,> -
993 Market rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2S11.
. ' Following only a,few ; of our bargains:,
,14 rooms, newly furnished;. clears, $90; Al
location; on ' Market st. ; only $1700..'-;
. . 23 rooms;- elegant corner on Geary; , select
roomers only; modern : building; must sell. .
22 rooms; Howard: rent $52 50; only $800.
Money loaned at lowest rates.,/; •, . : ;
DONALD INVESTMENT: COMPANY, ." . -
; 850 Market Et...; (Inc.)... .Phone Davis 281.
' Reliable .. dealers ¦ in ; rooming-houses, - hotels,
.business chances. and real estate.
We. furnish' vacant houses and ¦*
Loan money at lowest rates.* "•..•'-'¦'
Something new every day.
• New houses to lease. '
A. CAMERON & CO., '¦ "
'¦"': ' . 850 Market st and 8 Stockton st. • ;
Rooms 21, 22. 23. . ¦ •.-.*• Phone Bush 828.
-¦". If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with -us;: buyers call; > we ican^ suit
you ; have ' bargains ; In I hotels, ¦¦ lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.PATIENTS RUSH
FROM FLAMES
Large Sanitarium Is De
stroyed, but Inmates
Escape.
HOTEL ARBIVAIiS.
2RN HOTEL.
J Sullivan, Sta Rosa .
P de Martine, Oakland
E ' Jones&w, - Rio Vista
A Velez&w. Los Ang
Mrs Williams, ¦ LosAng
t J -J Mahoney, Denver
Mrs Graham, : Seattle
G Edwards, w&n.Seattl
O A Bergan, S Jose .'
Four Hundred Persons Suc
ceed in'Leaving Blaz
ing Building, *
• NEW, WEST]
E Lamb, St Louis
S E Duncan. Carson .
A Roy. Chicago
C : L Green. - Bakerfleld
J Slattery,w&s, ¦ Ind
J Slnnott, Boulder -
Win Selva, Vallejo
C A Arleta, Los Banos
E.H Williams, Cintl
J Willlams&w. Stktn
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page ¦ Eight.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Feb. 18. — i p. m.
«i i.~ BId.Ask.l - Bid.Ask.
Alpha JOB or Justice ...... 09 10
Alta ......... 04 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash:.. 01 —
Belcher ..:... 04 05 Mexican ..... 33-34
.Eest & Belch. 24 ; 23 Occidental ... OS 10
Bullion V..... 02 03 Overman 07 08
Caledonia :..¦ 27 28 OphJr 05 9«
Challenge Con 16 17 Potosi ....-..-. '11 13
Chollar ...... 11 12 Savage ....... 07 .03
Confidence . . . 55 60 Scorpion — 04
C C & Va... 125 135 Reg Belcher... — x 03
Con Imperial. 01 02; Sierra Nevada 13 14 i
ConNY...... 02 — (silver .Hill... BO Cl
Crown Point.. OO 07 St. Louis 10
Eureka Con.. 18» — [Standard ....3-20 —
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... — 07
Gculd &;Cur. 13 14; Union Con.... 22 23
Hale & Nor. ... 30 32, Utah ........ 02 03
Julia* ;..:.... — 04 Yellow' Jacket 17 ¦ IS
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., Feb. IS -The
Kellogg, or Seventh Day Adventists* san
itarium here, which was located on a hiH
at the highest point in the city, was de
stroyed by fire early to-day and the prop
erty loss is estimated at from $300,000 to
J4CO.C0O.
So far as can be learned, there was only
one life lost among the 400 people in t&e
sanitarium. Abner Case, aged 83 years.
Is missing. Ira B. Sankey, the evangelist,
was an inmate,. but escaped by climbing
down a lire escape. Mrs. H. O. Dan
iels of Eldorado, Ark., is the only per
son who was seriously injured. ,' 3ha
Jumped or fell troin the tire escape at th»
third story and sustained a broken leg.
The fire started in the bathroom of the
sanitarium building, probably about tha
furnace. A still alarm was turned in, but
the first company of firemen called could
not cope witrt the flames, which! shot up
the elevator shaft to the roof like rocK
ets. A general call was sent in, but the
lire was beyond control. The water pres
sure was low and this added to the handi
cap of the firemen, as the sanitarium
stood on a hill. In two hours the build
ing was in ruin3 and the hospital was
nearly destroyed. •
It 13 almost miraculous that the 400
sleeping inmates escaped with their lives.
Watchmen darted through the corridors
awakening them when the fire was dis
covered. Few of them had time to gather
together any clothing, escaping in their
night clothes. The corridors soon filled
with smoke and about half of the patients
were compelled to make their way down
the fire escapes.
Mrs. Daniels, who was injured, was on
the fifth floor. She was awakened by the
cry of fire and rushed to the fire escape
on ihe fourth floor. She got down safely
as far as the third story, when she either
jumped or fell. She is resting easily and
is in no danger. Mrs. Gillingham of At
lantic City, N. J., describing her escape,
said:
"I was In my room on the fifth floor,
when the nurse rushed to the door crying
lire. The electric lights were going then,
but they soon went out and we were in
darkness, but for the flames which rushed
from the tower above our heads. My
aged husband was on the floor beneath,
me and had to go down the fire escape, as
did I. He was guided by a nurse and es
caped safely. Scores of people were on
the escape coming from all parts of the
buiMlng,.- and it is a wonder that none
of them was killed." ?
NEW YORK, Feb. IS. — Miss Alice Morton,
daughter of Former Vice President Morton,
was married to-day to Wlnthrop Rutherford In
Grace Episcopal Church. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. W. R. Huntlrwton,
rector of the church, who was assisted by
Bishop Potter. . - •
TliJE SA^ ;-F KA^CISCU CALL, WEDNESDAY, jFEJBRTJARY 1 9, 1902;
11
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
mSRKKLKV.'RlSAl. -ESTATE.
$3750 — FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot SOx
- 156; near U- C. grounds and electric K. : R.
• - JOS. J.,lL\SOX.,:v
Real, Estate,
[ , .¦-.-¦¦.•..- Berkeley Station.
?3:!00— THOROUGHLY well built ,house' cf .9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot: street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2><. blocks ¦> from station and- 1
b.ock from electric railroad. ¦» -
- ¦¦:;'-=.. JOS. J. 1IASON,-
{ ¦ ¦ Heal Estate,
• '. Berkeley Station.
FRUITY A LI- A I) VERT1SEM ENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
', Wilson ave. and . Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 0 rooms; stable, . chicken-bouse, j pig-
eon cote, etc. :\ ornamental , grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
f rom S. F. ; - rent $33 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. ¦ - ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BHOA D W A Y.-
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE. ' ,
WE offer ; bargains In dwellings and • lots in
Oakland and Alameda; for sale and exchange.
HEALY & CARR, C Eddy st. ,-;\ /
S. ' P. MEADS. Oakland real estate.' 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth Et*.
OAJCLAXD^FUKNITIJRE FOR/^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
PCHKI.l.HAAS. -IPs Klpventh ?t.. Oakland. /
KOOJIS J FOR . HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The) 1773 MaT^T^^rio7~su^7wTchen7
gas range, $20; 2 side rooms, gas range, $12.
DINING-ROOM and kitchen nicely furnished.
1024 Ellis st. - .,...
EDDY. 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished room for light housekeeping;
also unfurnished attic for studio. ,
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping rooms; 2,
$12 and $15; 3, $14; 3, $20; single, $5.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200^¥unny furnished
rooms for housekeeping:. ¦ -• • v
HOWARD. 539— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
HOWARD, 1003— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn. bay-window hskpg. rms. ; others.
LARKIN. 901A. corner Geary — One sunny front
room and kitchen.
MINNA, 573, near 7th — Large front room and
kitchen; yard; sunny; cheap.
OAK, 110 — One .sunny basement room/ fur-
nished for housekeeping; stove; storage; $6.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny bay
window; gas stove; nice closet; housekeeping.
OCTAVIA, 1211— Sunny furnished bay-window
room; double and slnglu; kitchen if desired.
TAYLOR. 108- ! -2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms, camplete.- $3 50. per week; run. water.
TO Let — Part of private residence for house-
keeping; near Park Panhandle; first-class;
references. . 1324 Page st. : . j
TURK, 130 — 2 ' unfurnished ' rooms for house-
. keeping, connecting, with sunny yard. %
TWENTY-THIRD, 3T28, near Dolores — Three
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat and
complete. ¦••¦.¦, -.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004
Valencia st. ....
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New! elegant^
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open- all night. '
BAKER, 1511, - cor. Sutter— Two sunny un-
furnished rooms (one front); bath. ' ¦'.
BARTLETT, 531 — 3 sunny rooms -partly fur-
nished for light housekeeping. •. ¦
BURNETT, 1426 Market . (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis," cdr. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1 50 night; $1 50, $tt wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 41S, The Pierpont — Beautifully fur-
.nlshed suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
ELLIS, 1024— Ro#ns. to let with or without
board.
FOLSOM,* 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms
$1 per week. - . : . . . '
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single,
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FULTON. 25. near City Hall— Furnished rooms
to let. ' ¦ .
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;suit, single ;elevat.
GRANT. 245 — New- bachelor apartments; fur
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
GREEN, 630, nr. Stockton— 2 extra large sunny
front rooms; gas, bath; tel; unfurnished.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LARKIN, 327— Elegantly furnished rooms for
' housekeeping; also single.
MARTINE*. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
¦ private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA," 552 — Large sunny front room; cheap.
MINNA, €67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL,, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator, elec. lights ; day, week, mo,
POST, 835— Large sunny furnished room; bath"-
1 or 2 gents; references. • ¦ ... .*.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles" par-
lor; rooms, per night, '35c to $1 50; week S*>
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. .
STEAM HEAT, and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st. uuve ° lences at
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms ; bath ; phone. ¦ " — ."*""=
TURK, " 210— Sunny front rooms. ;'
TURK, 332— Sunny front room suitable for
dressmaker or two gentlemen."
CLASSIFIED - advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1090
Valencia st. '
ROOMS AND BOARD! -
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny : front' rooms-
electric lights ; hot . and cold water; modern :
first-class board; reasonable; phone.South 820.'
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN -NESS. 519— Handsome furnished 1 sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class, table board.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High class hotel -fur
suites or single; board optional; steam heat!'
CROCKER. The/ 015 Leavenworth— Sunny
rms.; sin, and suites; ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. - 62G. The : Irvlngdale— Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from ?22 50 up.
JOHNSON.; The. -,C05 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA.; 015 Taylor— Sunny front ,. and - back
-suites; excellent- board; terms ¦ reasonable. : *
THE XORBIN. .: 830 Sutter-Flrst-class table
board; terms reasonable. Phone Polk 803.
ROOMS WA5TEn.
1 ¦, LA^ GE "sunny : unfurnished room; private
family; ; rates. Box 3803, • Call office. ¦ :.
: .. t. RUPTURE SAMTARIUM.
RUPTURE "CURE— TREATMENT 5 FREE. • ;'-;
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium,' 1208
Market tt.. rooms 5 and . 0; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES.: "~"
BAD tenants ejected for $4 ; collections . made-
' y - °A- c ° unt /y-' PACIFIC .v COLLECTION
CO., 41 o : Montgomery., rooms D-1Q; ; tel.-- G5S0.
sewixg^mach!kes:axd supi'lies;?
ALL kinds bought, cold; Mnte^exTTrepairinir-
lowest rates; phone Howard U2G4. > 145 Sixth!"
A LL ' kinds • bought.' sold, rented.' exchanged- re^
pairing; lowest i rates. ( Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN P^GIPia
- Yi'itlnt l*n»»'ninl nrn «ln* to nrrlt* mi
MAN rKAN(!IN(!»: -V.J
(Main Line. Foot of Haricot Street.^ .. . '.-.¦¦
WAV* — TROU FEBttUABT 9, 1503. — ABRITI
, 7:««a Beiiieia, Suisttu, Elmlra and" Sacra-
mento.... .......'....."...... ..w,.. A:33p
•5r©«A VacatM*. Wintrr*, Rnrasoy... ...... ,' 7:&3?
¦ 3 iStt * M uti nor, Sb u Ramon. V ullejo, Napa, 1
- ', CallntognaiulHiMitit ltns». .- OiSt5r
M:OUa Davis, Woodland, Knights L.»»dlac, '
MaryaviIle.Or<nlUit... 7«55»
»:««» A Uantfc Kxiireas-Oeitou ud Kast 11:23 a
. *»s«o A Nile*. Lathrop, Stockton..., „ ,%*34r
SiOOa Nlles, Mwidota. Habford, Visalia,
rot*WTHl» ':*..,.. «iO3j
V. ««ai» A Shmata. Kxprcss-LfeTls. William* (for
Jlartlett Springs), Willows, Keel
Muff, Porttmii.. ?:3S*
! «ia«» ,Shm Jmi.;. J,i»ermore, Htncklnn,
, . lone. - Hacranieulu. 1'UcrTTUle,
JUi-y«»ili«, <;iiio... JUil muff...... 4.25.
*:3Oa <htk<UK Chinese, Hntrora, Tuolumne 4:2.1?
I>;»»»a lluvwnttl. Nil.anud Way Stutiou*.. 1 1:33%
•i«<H VaHejo..... .............^ Ia:33*
»:IM»A Lm Angslos Erprcis — Martlnm, . »• ,
Tracy, l;*tlin»|.. .SMtcttVin, Mcrcril .
T"ronim hud Los Angeles ' 7:3 5\
«»::IOa Viillrjn, MartiiiHZ :»h>1 Wiiy Htntlotm ?t33r
I UiOlu Tlra OrerUn.1 Umitod-OgdeM, L>en-
t«, Ouiaba. Otiiaga *..,... ««e3»
tl:«HpS Mr »m..it ( . ItiterHiwiHimii... ....... |lt:(ltl;
».««<!• liKulriit, Winters. H*cr«VnViito
¦ - Wtxidlftuil, KnlVkU ],uik1Iiik,
Mnrj-xTillt-, Orotilln.... l«:33\
8:2«r Ha jiranl, Nili-s anil Way fit»tl(in». . 7:53p
l:««l- MarUiiKK, Hau Kniu.iu. Vftllolo,
N«p«, «:«IUto K «. S«i.unon» 0-23*
¦*s«»r NilcV, IJtPTinoro, Stockton. 1/O.Ii... ; IS.il."lj
¦I<»'M- llp.,w«r.l, NJI««,Kai > .l,.»i., Unrnwn »f»:S3A
«:S1>rTli» Owl I Jiuiteri '- Fle.no, TiiIhr,
lUkernOnlil. Maiigua for SnuU Itu- .
kin, liild AllKnliM Ri3.1«
«tUOpT»ort Costa, Trscy. «Athroj», StccVton 1«)>X3\
5rtiop Martin* z, Atitiocb, Stockton, Mer-
• oed, Friwno ...... ..;..'.. ....;....". 12:25;
ll:OOp Uayivurd, Niles ami , San Jute....... 3.33 *
f«:O«i- VnlloJ. :............ llt23A
«iOi»r Oriental »Ut1— OjiIcti. DeiiTer,
Omaha,' St. Louis, OUIoaeo. 4 >23r
, ?sUOi* OrrjiiMiamt llallfornU ICxi>r«M,Niie.
rnnieiitu, Mnrynf illn, lir.l.il.,*.
' • ri.rll»ii.1. r«K«t rt,,»;..\ »«.» Kaet »j83»
¦'•"fSta Pablo. I*..rt Coota, SUrtiao
t»»OSr V»)Hi>...: ?t33f
COAST IiINE (^'»rrou <!anne).
(FtM.lptil..rl<ytHtref>.>
fc.Ift* N«iTark.<,Viiti-rWlk.,^a.i .!<>¦«. hVlton,
/' ¦: -¦ ' » ¦ '¦ - lSmilil «r CIr. elc, M*..i» Crux »nj Wa» ! V
• Mtiitiiiim .-.;.. 3:3»p
<a. I rj r Netmrk OnterTlllp, 8a« .l<a«, N»w^-
Aliiiail«», l'VIU»n, ltnnld«r <,Vi<«k,
. S*iitn i'lur. mini ) rinci|tal War
Suiliom ....; i»:.ioa
4ilSi> Notrark, Hitti .Imn. TrfwGatos....... 1K:3*U
a9.:iiip HuntPM" Train -San Joe« and Way
Sutloni...... : {T.aoy
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY:
From Sill m5ClSC3— Tm at Muktt Street (Slip 8)—
t7:16 «;00 11:OO*.M. 1:03 3tO(J t.lSr.m.
tttmOHUti— rt»l •' Uri»ilw«».— f«;UO +0:00 • tS.-O'
_-l»;00 ».«...;¦ 12:08 3.00 i:0ar.M. ,
COAST IilXFi (Hroa.J <ian R( .).
(Illinium! Towiuenil Ste.)
' «tl»A Han J one and Way suUous....^..... "tlWA
7:»Oa Nan Jime n...l \V..» .SUU.nm.. f8s«4tA
/7«««A »»w AI«m.J.-.. /4:IOp
SiOOa Coant Line Limited — • fen - .To«e,
(Jilr-T. Malinaii. Mar. Luis Obtspn, .
8an»» Barbara. Lot Anc«-li-s and -
principal intermediate sutlers.... 1 0:43r
•iOOa Huu June. Ties I'icos. MuiiU Ormc,
r»<:itle «in>To, faiinaa. Saa Lets
ObisiK) ami Principal intermedUte
SULUn :, '.....-..»..».. «tl«r
J0:;I0a Sin J«sc ami Way StaHous..... H:3«A
I Ii.IOa Man .lose and Way .Slntiol'S V:l6i
ISilAr Aan Matco, Ktdwood, Mo.lo Fark,
1*alo Alto. Santa Ol»ra. Han .Ic**.
Treii Pico*, Sm.ta Cr.iit. Satinaa.
MmuoreyitiMi I'Kolflc <5ri>Te. |Ii»i43«
StilAr Haa .IdsraihI Way .StaUona. itSn*
441131- SanJodB ami I*rincipal Way Ktnfclmts 3i3O»
<»0Or Sunset I Jmited-^Mondays, Wednrs-" ;
days, Friday*, for Lo< Angeles. Kl
• ¦ ra»o. New Orleans and New York.
A rriTcs .Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays .;............... Io.ISa
tAtOOrSan Jose, hot Gatos and Principal
Way Stations....... 1»:«O*
: Bi80p San Jnse am) Prlooipal Way Stations Oi»op
B»3«pS*n Jospaml Way Ktatlmis. 7iS0r
- 7iv0p New Orleans £xpr«ui« — Han Lnfs ;
Obispo. Santa Barbara. Los An- *
geles. naming. l!l Paso, New Or- •
leans and S»st ...... '....... I1:S*a
1l»«3pSan .lqs««|i.| Way Sbttlons 7i»0>
AforMfHniing.' V lot A t teniooiu
tRunday excepted. J Sunday only.
¦ . AfelSCSliy only._ ¦ /Tuesdays and rridajrt;,
Chicago
IN LESS THAN
$ DAYS
From ,
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTH WESTERN LlNB
DOUBLE , Drawing- Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Li-
brary "^ Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. Dally "Tourist
Car. Service at 6 p. m. and : Personally
Conducted • Excursions every Wednes-
day, and Friday at 8 a. m. from . San
Francisco. The best : of everything.
; R; R. RITCHIE ,'- '
617 MARKET ST. . Gin. Agent Pacific Coatt
Hotel - . San Francisco
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
. Commencing Septemljtr 2J), 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL • VALLEY
f .:.¦¦ ANDEAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— «:55, 8:30. •9:30, 11:00 a m
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, •«:15.«:45 p. jnx '
" EXTRA TRIPS— For ¦ Mill Valley, and, Saa
Rafael - on - MondayB, Wednesdays and ifetur-
daya at 0:30 and'll:40 p. m. •
. SUNDAYS— »S:00, »10:00.\»11:30 a. ta. •liis
3-15 *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. .m." '
Trains marked^*) -run to San Quentln.
PROM SAN t RAFAEL, TO BAN FRANCISCO
•WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27. 7:45, 8:33 loid
a. m., »12:25. 2:15. :»3:35,- 4>40, B730 p. m.
- EXTRA- TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p.'m»~
-¦-. SUNDAYS— «: 15.- •8:00. ; •l&:00. m :45 a.- m.
n:40. •3:15.-4:45. »6:30 p.^m. . ¦ •™".
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
. i EXTRA" TRIPS on Mondays. -Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m:
•' SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15
3:30,6:00.6:45 p.m..-
-j .,»' --. THROUGH TRAINS. .
• ¦ 6 :55 a." m. " week ¦ days— Cazadero and way
stations.. ¦: .""-¦• • ¦ ¦ -. ,
j;.1:45 p. m.-» Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. " •"'-¦'
.'8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
¦tatlons. '^WBQtfAH^BfffMH^VdHMd
Lesal - Holiday boat* and trains will run on
Sunday time. ' *
UEAL_ESTATE CITY' FOR SALE, j
EASTON, ELDRIDGE*&'CO.;: " " ~~
• U35 SlAi'.KET STKEET. ;
AUCTION. ~
AUCTION.
T,.^..,- AUCTION.
k ., iP AT - February 25. 1902.
At Our Salesroom. No. <>«> .Markot st.
At li!. O'clock Noon.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS MANSION.
nt 3? ° 1214)' Spruce tt, «7:Sli icet. north
r' < - la >" an * legaiu new modem residence 14
rooms msa bath; unexcelled marine view; rents
*M) jx-r moaxa; loc 3tixlO7;« feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION* FLAT3.
bouth sl0e (Nos. -W;>-4o;tu,) Oak St.. 00 feet
west of Laguna; two elegant modern round bay-
window flats 0-7 rooms, ijorcelain tubt. etc.,
ana two flats. 4 rooms and bath each, on Lily
ave.; rents $105 r-er month; lot 27:6xi:!j througn
to Lily «ve. . .
POST STREET FLATS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
North side (No. 2544) Post St.. 175 feet west
ot. Baker; two substantial well built flats 3
rooms each and a rear house, 4 'rooms; rents
SW3 per month; Jot 25xlS7:0 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
• South side (No. 3323) Washington St.. C8:9
feet east of Walnut; fine large elegant t%vo- '
story dwelling. 10 rooms and Bath ; hardwood
floors; nne conservatory, etc.; excellent marine i
view; Iof34:4}£xl27:8i4 feet • . ;
SECOND STREET IMPnOVED i rROPERTT. '
Southwest corner of Second st. and Park ;
Lar.e ncrth and between Bryant and Brannan
sts. ; Improvemerts consist of a two-story
frame building. 33 rooms and bf.th; basemeut
and brick foundation; large lot. 45:Cr9S feet. ;
ALSO • - . . - ¦¦-'-;
The easterly line of Second street, 55 feet north
of De Boom and between Bryant and Brannan
sts. ; three-story frame building. 17 rooms and
bath and two-story frame flats In rear About
two years old; present Income $83 M per month;
lot 25x100 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest tide (Nos. 124 to 126> Juniper st .
250. feet southeast of Harrison; four well-built
flats. 3 rooms each; rents $40 per month; lot
25x55 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southeast comer of Twenty-eighth and
Church sts. ; two stores with 4 living rooms and
flat above. S rooms and bath; rents $50 per
month; lot 2G:«Jx75 feet.
FILLMORE STREET BUILDING LOT.
East Une of Flllmore St.. 24 feet south of
Waller; a desirable building lot, suitable for
store and fiats; lot 21x81:3 feet.
HOWARD STREET LOT.
East side of Howard St., 215 feet north of,
Twenty-first: a fiuo large lot in a very desira-
ble neighborhood; street work all done; lot 23
xl22;6 feet,
BAT VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Four lars** lots on Vancouver and Guada-
loupe sts.. 150 feet north of San tee: four largo
lots running throuerh from Vancouver to Guad-
aloupe; lots 75x100 feet each.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.; - V .
6.1S Market st.
EASTON,' ELDRIDGE & CO..
-038 Market Street.
$75,000 — Grand corner on Market St.. near
Franklin; 3 frontages; lot 75x124 feet.
$20,000 — Jcnes st.. near 'Golden Gate ave. ; 2
modern houses. 10, 11 rooms and bath;
rents for $1140 per annum; lot 30x
82:6 feet.
(12,600 — Three new modern flats, nearly com-
-«•;. • pleted. on principal drive to Golden
Gate Park; exceptionally sunny; near
. Park Panhandle; rents $1440 per an-
num; large key lot 27: 6x112 :C feet.
$12,500^-Three modern flats of 6, C, 7 rooms
and bath on Grove St.. near Cough.
. and 4 flats on Ivy ave.; rents $1500
per annum; fine large lot 27:0x120
feet. «
18,500 — Three modern flats, 6, 7, S rooms and
bath: rents $960 per annum: Jackson
Bt., near Devisadero; lot 25xl2S:8 feet.
$8.000 — Three new modern up-to-date flats, 3,
S. 0 rooms and bath; rents $78 per
month; all rented; flats will be com-
pleted in about 20 days; on Folsom st.
$8,000 — House 13 rooms and 2 flats, 4, 5
rooms, in the business portion of
Twenty-fourth St.; rent $720 per an-
num; large lot 50x104 feet.
$7,000 — Modern residence, 8 rooms and bath;
Clay st., near Devisadero; lot 27:6x
127:S»4 feet.
$4,000 — Make offer; 2-story house of 6 rooms
and bath; cement sidewalk; street
bltuminlzed and fine neighborhood;
O'Farrell st.. near Scott.
$3,750 — Modern up-to-date residence of 7
rooms and bath on north side of Bush
st.. near Baker; cne-quarter cash,
balance flat loan at 6 per cent.
$3,700— Modern 2-story house, 7 rooms and
fbath; brick foundation; sanitarv
plumbing; Filbert st, near Hyde; lot
$3,700 — Shotwell st., near Twenty-fourth-
dwelling. 9 rooms and bath, and new
.-;. 2-story barn; lot 05x105 feet alone
worth the money.
$2,500— Rents ' $336 per annum; 2 flats, 3
. rooms and 1 flat 6 rooms; Gilbert st
near Brannan: lot 25xS0 feet.
$1,650 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and high
basement; brick foundation; near
Twenty-fourth-st. cars; lot 31:6x125
feet.
$l,C50 — Cozy Richmond cottage. 4 rooms-
modern; brick foundation; Twenty-
fifth ave., near Clement St.; lot 25x
130; easy teims.
$200 each— 42d ave., near H st. and
Ocean boulevard. 25x100; southwest
corner S st. and 42d ave., 32:6x100
feet; 4.th ave., rear T st. and Ocean
boulevard, 32:6x100 feet. y
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market
RIVERS BROS., 2C5 Montgomery st
$500 CASH!
Balance monthly installments same as rent-
price $3250; lowest bank rate Interest 6 Der
cent on deferred payments; handsome new cot-
tage; Just completed; 5 large rooms and bath-
most beautiful marine view in the city- two
large and elegant bay windows; large ya'rd in
rear; latest, most improved nickel-plated open
plumbing; porcelain bath tub, porcelain sink
tiled; elegant gas fixtures throughout- gas
grate; cement wash trays; blrdseye maple man-
tel; best painting, graining, varnishing tint
ing and lincrusta throughout halls and dinine-
room; dome ceilings; brick foundation; plate-
glass doors; abundance of sun and light all dav
long; every modern convenience; water, gas and
sewer connection all made; cement vsidewalks-
first-class location; 15 minutes from Kearnv
and Market sts.; on car line; no transferring
to get downtown. ¦ . ¦ .
" Don't miss this bargain; It is worth -50 Der
cent more than price we are asking.
$300 cash, balance same as rent, without In-
trest — Beautiful 5 room and bath cottage- good
as new; porcelain bath and sink, tiled- dome
ceilings; brick foundation: elegant gas fixtures-
cement wash trays; patent tank closet; large
bay-window; walls tinted; .best painting and
graining; up-to-date in every respect; on Cas-
tro st RIVERS BROS.,
'- ¦ 205 Montgomery st.
CHEAP buildlns lots l^n the Western Addition
only - $2100 each; well located, fine marine
view, easy of access, elevated and sitely-
payable in easy installments that brings such
property within • the reach of people under
salaries; right In the locality where there are
costly mansions and nothing can be pur-
chased except for caeh.
A corner lot In the Western Addition, where
residences and flats are going up all around-
this would be a bonanza, corner for a butcher-
price only $1250; street bitumenized- W j'
GCKN, 530 California st " '
JOSEPH STRAUB, . '
850 Market st. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent
_ . „ ; ' Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. -
NW. corner Halght and Flllmore: I50xl37U-
businees corner. ASHTON & GARDINER,
411 Montgomery et; , . , , • '
BARGAIN — 0-room house; modern lmprove-
ments. 1711 Broderick. bet Bush and Pine.
FOR sale — 2Sx84: double house. 16 rooms and
bath, at. 876 Ptne st.. near Taylor.
A CORNER. 75x80, junction Market and Do-
lorca. $13.000. E. A. .K.. Dimond. Cal.
REAIi_ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR S AnTfRANCISCO— —
Small tracts. $CO to $91} per acre.> on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. r future value assured,- as
San Francisco is growing rapidly ; ¦ location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. -302 California st, for
pamphlets and lnfonnatlon,-3gMMBWftBWBl
FOR Santa Clara Valley. "San Jose and Penin-
sular properties.- see WOOSTER. : WH1TTON
& MONTGOMERY, 034 Market st; S F.' and
San Jose. *
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prum>
lands to cell; right locality; big money;easy
payments. HE ALT & CARR. fl Eddy st.
POULTRY, and dairy ranches all kinds: s»nd
ftamp for free lirt. C. R. Wlnfleld.- Petaluma.'
PROPERT Y-nW > K US ,'& CONTRACTORS.'
HAVING acquired - the Hentzell patent chlm-
.ney, 1 am prepared to erect it 00c a foot up-
expert in curing smoking, or faulty- flues-
chimney -tops, all descriptions, erected ;¦ con-
tractor brick and concrete . work ;; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick; put under old
buiMlngs; Slaving my own screws and timbers
, I^can do this work cheap and, without obedi-
ence to -labor organizations; estimates; free.
J. SMITH, 2033 Mission, or box 200, CIS ISush.
OFF"XCI>S AXD STORES TO LET. ¦?
STOKE for rent in J*aj>a — Th<> large store
fronting en both Main and Brown streets;
the best located r-torc- in Xapa; now occupied
by Thomson. Btard & Sons; will b« for
r^nt on 15th March. Address W. \V
THOMPSON". Kapa, Cal.
FCR Rest — A nice !r.rse apartment on East
t-t., between Washington and Jackson; suit-
able fcr a restaurant; a fine 'chance: rent
reasonable. Ca!l at ence at 213 East et. ¦
EMMA~spY{KCKErIslnd^Tn2FMrrk7tTcrofI
iir-es with lljrht. heat and janitor S15 to $"<;
AiSHTOX "& GARDIKER. *
SUNXV' offices Jart below Kearny st. ; $10;
elso larpe, store. Keys 03C Clay st.. room 1.
LAHGE stable and ioft. ir.n Folsom Bt beT
Twelfth and Thirteenth: $lfv.
IVVIXTKRS AND OECOK.ATOKS.
Room? i^apcred $3 rp: whti«ninj»&ttnttng done.
Harttaan Paint Co.. 319 3d «t.; tel. RedSC2l.
Fap<M ir.- room. $."{ up: paintlnjr. whitening rea-
<«rpble. Painter. .'.02 Ptanvan: tel. Park ir..
PALMISTRV.' '
MRS. E. PEARCE. KcicntiHc. business "palrnisT
parlors V2 and 13. The Venaome. 110i Market
ft.; hours from 0 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. t«. L. NEERCAARD reads 1 to 4 700
Pott rt.. corner of Jones: jihone Polk 8:57.
H. .irr.CMn fosi:li.i. sc:mt<n c r.«imi*t si a
TuvSrr rt. *v't. O»arv and Pn«t: t"1 T»l-»»>VSa
PHVSlClXKS A\D SURGEONS. ;
A B SO Lirfn-T FEEE COKTSCI/rliTOX-^Ul
diseases of men and women treated eucccm-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself DR
FORDEN. yp.-6 Turk si., corner Meson.
A— DR. OLJVK GRUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market t-t. : hours 10 to S.
D^?,- C ;, O ', :DOKN * ELL — °- fl <* an<» residence.
3C2H, Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
.^J^ftSOVALS. V~
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
S15; with thes=e suits we make an extra pair
of paits free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WIDOWER, age 50, American, with some
means, wishes to meet an American lady of
means with good disposition; no triflers; ob-
ject. matrimony. Address box 4015. Call.
AT Newman's ticket office. 11 Montgomery St..
you will find cheap rate railroad and eteam-
fchip tickets to all Eastern and Pacific Coast
ports and Xome. Alaska. T. A. Rlgdon. Mgr.
1 WASH and dry your hair in 10 minutes wi'.h
warm or co'.d air. 00c; hair dressed. 25c. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.; etore open all
day the 22J.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
£5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to ?6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using: Standard Patterns* March pat-
terns and The Designer now readv. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office, 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 49
E'lis. makes colored shirts to order; ?1 each;
tame as white shirts: selection 300 patterns.
COLORADO — Fred Strop cr McCasley; find W.
242 Stockton, Union Square House. Call
immediately. Leave your own address.
INVESTIGATIONS of private nature; business
complications, divorces, etc.: secrecy and
promptness guar. ; con. free. Box 4012, Call.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: .permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
A school to learn hairdressinp, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market
£ bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOTLE,
"WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quartei
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. l."10-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A — IF your hairi* falling or you are bald call ot
Dr.G.S.Moore.S32O'Farrell; send for circular
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 1<
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st
ARIEL and SOLAR flats, E25 and 531 Turk st.
first claiss; new bldg. ; housekeeping suites.
ELECTRIC needle specialists : superfluous hai:
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed b'
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS, 42G Sutter
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles .removed b'
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market
AURECUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gra]
• hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 76!
Valencia Et.'. corner Nineteenth.
ONE MIVL'TE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Brlgge — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. KtiS Sutler; tel.Larkln3171,
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumcr, 2tt O' Fan-ell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, f7 50; dress pants, $2 60
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTITS FRENCH CORN PAINT. th(
bc-st corn cure; 25c. all druggists.
PROPOSALS. ~ ~~
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Office of th(
Veterans' Borne of California, room 13. 32(
Sansome st.. San F*rancisco, Cal. — Under anc
In pursuance to an act entitled "An act t<
provide for the erection ot a modern hospita,
building for the Veterans' Home, located a:
Yountville, Napa Count y, Cal.,". and appro>
priatin* |2o,(XXI therefor (approved Marcl
26, 19UL Statutes l»01, page 823). and li
accordance with the resolution of the boart
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Call.
fornia, adopted October 12, .1801, the boarc
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Call
iornla hereby invites and advertises foi
sealed proposals for furnishing the m&teriali
end performing the labor for the erectior
and construction of said hospital building, ai
the said Veterans' Home at Yountville, Naps
County, In accordance with the plans, de.
scriptioni, bills and specifications, prepare*
therefor by George T. de ColmesnlL archi-
tect; and. that contracts based upon sucl
sealed proposals will be let, made and ea
tered into; paid plans, descriptions, bills ant
Fpeclfications can be seen and examined be'
¦ tween the hours of 9 a. m and 5 o'clock p
m. of each and every business day, fron
the date hereof to the date of eaid contraci
or contracts, at the office of the said dl
rectors of eaid Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Sansome st,, San Francisco, Cal. •
Separate bids will be received and eeparab
contracts let and entered into as hereii
above eet forth, for each of the followint
parts of said building, erection or structure
including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by at
act entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of the State in relation to erectior
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1876,
Statutes 1S75-6, page 427). and the acti
amendatory thereof, that is to say lor th«
following parts, namely: /- ,
First, for the masonry work, including- ai;
brick, etone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work._
Fourth, for the heating work.
. Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron an<3
elating work, and
Elxth. for the painting and graining.
Bald work a* herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the tw<
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, including th«
furnishing of materials and the necessarj
labor therefor..
The work is to be done under the super-
vision, and direction of Isaac H. Small an<!
the buildings and grounds and the hospita!
committees of said Veterans* Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its eaid board oi
directors.
A separate contract will be let for as manj
different kinds of work as are herelnabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
«r considered unless accompanied with a goo<3
and sufficient bond of said pronoser or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal oi
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned thai
if said proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing- or bidding- will duly entei
Into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans,
descriptions, bills and specifications, whirti
are hereby made a Dart of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the eald directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there-
of, at the office of said <llrector6, room 13.
820 Sansome st., in the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of March. 1902 which Is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
Raid sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and eai«J contracts let and made.
ir in the opinion of said board of directors
• .k i d Vcter ane* Home the acceptance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
shall not be for the best interests of the
?u u board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or pro-
?£**}! ? p f ne<1 as ln thelr opln'on may be for
the best interests of the State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the said act entit'ed. "An
«.ct to regulate contracts on behalf of the
BUte In relation to erection and bulMinss"
{approved March 23. 1S76. Statutes 1S75-C.
P *^l.^i- or reject an y or a 'i ° f saw
eealed bids or oroposals.
further Information and particulars
It if^f. O^ ra , C VL r " i* re hereby." referred to
the secretary O f the board of director* of said
v eter&ns Home, at the office of said beard
of directors. a« herelnabove set forth.
j\V ME HOUSE S.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ana MovinB^Col
•; office' Post . and Powell" sts.i ¦; tel.' Main ? 5713.
GOLDEN WEST! Storage T Warehouse,'; S40 Mis-
v ; sion ; st. ; ' tel.~> Howard 041 : s 'p,\W. ZEHFUSS.'
BISKIXS.Vanand Storage Co.V C3O Market st •
¦¦ tel. 'Main lSAOpshipplng^atieut'rates. ¦--¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
.. pany. 2320 Fillmore et. ; ¦¦ phone Jackson ¦ 281.
JTVPE WRITERS VANB- SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN , TYPEWRITERS- We
,sell better machines for less money than' any
house in the city: rentals ?3.The Typewriter
Exchange, ffiC California; telephone Main 2K6.'
.WEBSTER > Typewriter Inspection . Co.— Expert
. typewriter doctors ;e;-:tlmate free. 209^ansome.
:¦'"' DIVIDEND,:XOTICES.' ¦ ~
A DIVIDEND : in liquidation : of74~per cenFcn
all. deposits: has been declared: by ttie Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable on
i and after Friday, February 1 14,- 1002 at the
of 3ce cf the society, -; Mills •'building'" second
floor, room 2S. * . - . .»" <.._••.... ¦ .'... - . -.,
CHAS. t D. FARQUHARSOX' Secretary!
,MABEIAGE\ LICENSES.
The following marriage, licenses were 'Issued
yetterday: ' ; '¦;. .
John Gannon. 35. 231' Montgomery avenue
and Rebecca A. H1H, 40. 23! MontgoineTy ivV.
Frank Lewis, 2o, ( 30 Farren aysnue, and
Bertha Mamlock. 22. , 1627 Turk street •
, Charles /F. Andrews, 24. Vancouver Bar-
racks, Wash., and Ilse M. Henrtci, 22' 1008
Jones street. .-•"* -' .¦:'¦¦ . • \. - > *
Charles H. Buckbee, 30. 427 Sutter street,
ai V^ p^ be I1 A ' »H wlye ? > 2 S 427 Setter street.
¦'¦ Chnrle3 R. McBurnle, -30. 204 Ellis street,
and Minnie M. Caldwell, 27. Oakland; .- ¦ /
. Frank S H. Carr, : 23, 751 McAllister street,
and May Junta, 20, Black Diamond.
Samuel W. Cheyney, 36, city, and Bessie
Lee Wall, 33, city. -.¦¦"-.:...
births-marrMes^dmths..
Birth, marriage and \ death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the . name and residence -ot per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Bonk
CURTIN — In this city, February 14, 1902,' t*
• the wife of Joseph F; Curtin, a son. '
DUNN — In this city.: February 15, 1002 to
the wife of Ritchie- L. 'Dunn, a son.
LANDO— In '. this city, February 16, 1002. to
the wife . of Meyer Lando (nee Ehrllch), a
daughter. '
LEVY— In this city, February 16, 1902, to the
. - wife of M. . Levy, a son. : . .
MICHELSEN— In this city, February 15 1902
to the wife of E. W. Mlcbelsen. . a son.
BEYDEN— In , thla city, February 15, 1902, to
the wife of A. R: Seyden, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city, February 8. 1902, to the
wife of RlchardtH. Smith, a son.Ty -
" \ N DIED. ¦ '
Alcayaga. Edward F.v Milroy, Robert B.
Brann. Hannah F. . Monks, Mary A
Brown, Amanda L. Mullen. Thomas
Brown, RoBalla Murphy Annie L.
" Carey, Sarah A. Jlurphy, Lorraine Al
Casey, Thcmae Nyqulst. Charlea ,
¦ » Dabovlch, Helena , Oliver. - Nellie
• De Groote, Leon A. O'Rourke, Michael
Drisooll, William; ,r Patterson, Duncan
§ Foster, John J. . - Potter. Mrs. Susan :
Galvin. Jeremiah -> pyne, Annie E.
Jenkins Will D. Roschmann,' Charles
Kelly, Thomas . Smaragda, Nlkito
?'??• £ yda , M i, Spedding, Robert D.
Lord, Fannie E. Taylor, Woodwell
. Loughery, Mary. J. Thornagle, George '
McAullffe, Bridrct Wllhelm, Mrs. Elise
McCabe. Bernard Woolmington. O. H.
MeehanrBridcet .
ALCAYAGA— In this city. February 18, 190°
Edward F. i Alcayaea, dearly belored son of
Clprianna and the late Jose Alcayaga, and
brother of Alfred A. Alcayaga, Mrs.' Mary
S. Bates and Victoria Ruiz,- a native of San
Francisco, aged 3« yea.rs 4 months and 5
days. ¦ "¦ | -
BRANN— In this city, , • February, 18, 1002.
! Hannch Frances,' beloved wife of Robert C
Brann, and mother of Frank R. and Harry
Harding Brann and Mrs. J. G. Smart, a na-
tive of Rockland,; Me., ased 70 years and
16 days. (Maine papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 5» Cumberland street, be-
tween Guerrero and DoloreB. Interment pri-
vate, y
BROWN— In this city, at her home, 612 Noe
street, February 15, 1002, Amanda L., relict
of the late Irason C. Brown, and mother of
Nellie - Brown Felling,- a . native of . Maine,
aged 65 years 2 months and 4 days. ¦ »
• E5* Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the : funeral to-day
' (Wednesday), at 2:15 o" clock, from her late
residence, 512 Noe street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral' car.- ;
OFFICERS and -members 'Of Beulah Chapter
No.,»i>, O. E. S., . are requested to attend the
i funeral of our . lete sister, Amanda Brown.
Eastern Star services will ; be held Wednes-
day. February 19. 1002. at' 2 o'clock, . at her
.late residence, 512 Noe street, nearMilght-
¦eenth. .By order, of the Worthy Matron, ¦
. HELEN SEEMANN. '-..
BROWN— In . this city, February 17, 1002.
Rosalia, beloved wife of E. / Brown, and
mother of Mrs. E. Newfleld and Fred M. aid
Jospphine Brown, a native of RyDln, Po-
land, . aeed "50 years. (New York papers
please copy.) ¦ ¦ .
- (CKFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), 1 at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2213 gutter street. • Interment
Hills of. Eternity Cemetery,- by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. :
CAREY— In this city, February -17, 1902,
Sarah Ann Carey, beloved mother of Mrs.
Georgenla W. . Thompson and . Mrs. - W. ¦ F.
-.. Hanley, and dear grandma of .Mrs. Theodora
Sanborn-Murphy, Mr. Fred V. S. Glidden and
the late Sandy Sanborn, a native of East -
port, ¦ Me., aged -71 ? years 4 -. months : and 15
days. (Chicago, . Los Angeles and San Jose
papers please copy.) . ¦ ,. -.- ¦" :
. ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30, o'clock, from' her late
home, 142 Eureka street, between Eighteenth
and' Nineteenth. '>•¦ Interment , Laurel Hill
Cemetery. , '• -
CASEY— In the' City and - County ' Hospital,
February • 18, 1902, Thomas Casey, a " native
¦ of California^ ' aged 2a years. »: ' •-. •- -• '[ . ¦
DABO V3 CH— In ¦ this city, February 16, 1902,
• Helena Dabovlch, beloved mother of Stephen,
Sebastian and George : E. ¦ Dabovlch, . MrB. L.
' Dabovich, Mrs.' J. 8, Rodovich. Mrs. S. Vu-
> cosavJievich and Mrs. M. Dabovich, a natlv«
."of Austria, aged^04 years, -v, >.. ; . v ;.
iry Remains of deceased will ' be • conveyed
from the residence of her daughter, ¦•Mrs. L.
Dabovich, ' 1012 Greenwich, street, to Greek-
Russian Cathedral . at 0 o'clock, - where at
0:30 o'clock divine lltunty .will be offered.
Frier.ds and : acquaintances are respectfully
' invited • to •¦: attend the : " funeral Wednesday,
February 19. 1002, at 12 o'clock, from Oreek-
Rusclan Cathedral, corner ¦ of Powell ¦ street
and Montgomery avenue. Interment Servian
¦ Cemetery, San Mateo County, by
DE GROOTE— In this city, February 18, 1002,
Leon A. De Groote. beloved brother of Mrs.
¦ Eugene Peguillan,' Mrs. Hester ¦ Kerlgan and
E. S. Mendelsof New. York City,? a 'native
. of ; : Amaterdam. Holland, aged years 10
months and :5 days. ,'\. . ' . ¦ .: .
DRISCOLL— In this ; city, February 17, 1902,
William. Infant - son of William J. . and Jo-
sephine* Driscoll, a native of San ¦ Francisco,
aced 3 days. ¦ ,' . ' ' '. - .
FOSTER— In ¦ ' Alameda, i ' February .. 18, 1902,
John Joseph Foster,- beloved husband of Mar-
garette- Foster, and father of Annie Flor-
' ence Foster, a native of Malta, . aged $6
years. ¦ ¦-. ,;-•"• ' : ¦'¦-.-' • : -¦¦¦¦ •.-¦.
icy The funeral will" take place Thursday,
' February 20, at 9 :30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2215 San Jose avenue, . thence to
St. Joseph's ' Church, 'where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
poul at 10 ; o'clock. Interment private,' St.
Mary's Cemetery.
GALVIN— In - this . city, • February • 17, 1002,
Jeremiah <- Galvin. a > native of Klllorglln.
County - Kerry, - Ireland, : a^ed 52 .years. •.. 'A
member of Court Defiance No. 23, Fc+esters
. of An-.erica.' and K. ;R.»B. Y - . - :.^.-,.r;
ttTThe funeral - Will •¦: take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. - C. O'Connor : , & Co.; 767 Mission
Btreet, thence to St. . Patrick's Church, where
a requiem , hleh mass > will < be ; celebrated ' lor
the • repc»e . of his soul > at 0 - o'clock. • Inter-
nment Holy, Cross Cemetery. .: V
KNIGHTS : of the - Red Branch— The funeral
detail will assemble at our hall this (Wednes-
. day) ' morning,-' at - 8 • o'clock, 1 to attend - the
funeral ' of ; our ; late . brother, ¦» Jeremiah • Gal-
- vln. : . -. PRESIDENT. '
JENKINS— In tbls . city;, February .' 16, 1002.
; Will; D.V beloved; husband of Emma J.Jen^
kins,' and ¦; father., of D. ' C. * and Will ) D. • Jr.,
Zula, ; Doris and Buda , Jenkins, a native of
Pekin, I1U aged 01"- years tt months and 25
.'•; days.*a4|aMpnHtfMBBrtl|BAWQEWMMHM
• ¦ icy Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
- , fully : Invited to attend ¦ the funeral -Wednes-
day, •;' February • 19, vat ;• 11 o'clock,- from the
Masonic Temple.i corner Post . and Montgom-
, ery streets, under "the :. auspices rof ;- Doric
' Lodge No.:216,;F. and' A. : .M.:;' Interment
Cypress Lawn f Cemetery, by electric - funeral
car from Market and East streets. . Remains
,at the parlors of Halsted & Co. 1 ,' 040 Mission
, \ street. : ¦ .j ¦¦•¦¦-'. ¦" './•'/•'.'- ¦'.?'- '¦> ¦" '¦-' '... •¦- s :
KELLY— In v this ¦;« city, . r : February "17, 1002
Thomas \ Kelly, S brother : of ' Mrs. ; Martin : Pet-
"ersen of San Rafael' and* Salley Kelly of San
. Francisco,") a ; native f of California, ' a»?ed ; 34
' 'years 1 10, months* and 18 days. \ ¦¦ ,
- 'i iCTTrlends • and < acquaintances are ' respect-
. fully •- invited : to attend the v funeral -• to-day
'- ', (Wednesday), at ; 2 .- o'clock,-.* from ; the par-
:, : lors ; of ~ A. t. W. ; Martin ? & ¦ Co.'. : 31!) ¦ O 1 Farreli
. streeCt Interment s Laurel J Hill, Cemetery. ¦
KING-^-In i this • city, ? February 3 18, ': 1002,' ¦ Lyda
- M., .beloved .wife ¦ of Jamas *, P." King,% dea-ly
' beloved and '. only: daughter ¦ of Maria and ¦ the
vlate; Edwin Hewelcke, i and i sister of "Ed rj
; and . Bert > Heweicke, . n. ', native ' of .i San ' Fran-
l clBCO, 1 aged •- IS • year s : 10 ¦ months < and 1 25 1 days "
' - C?" Friend3 : and ; acquaintances are l respect-
'. fully < invited , to attend the funeral ; to-morrow
' (Thursday), ? . at • 1 5 o'clock,'* from ' her, late 3 resi-
',' dence, £ 12:J',3 : Clipper; street.T between 5 Church
and Eanchea, Twenty-fifth and T wenty-eixth.
¦' C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to ;attend '.the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). at v ll o'clock,' from her late
residence,' 518 ' East ¦ Twelfth street, thence
via 12 o'clock ; creek boat from Broadway.
Oakland, t to Odd /fellows', Cemetery, where
tne remains will be incinerated. Interment
¦ private.
.WOOU1INGTON- In Garfleld, Wash., Feb.' 17.
1002,'C. H. Woolminston. a native of Cleve-
land. Ohio, aged 55 years.
¦..Cy Notice of funeral : hereafter.
•. TJnloi: and 'Filbert. Interment' Cypress Lawn
- Cemetery. . by - carriage. .- : ;
WILHELM— In \ East Oakland, 1 " - February 1 16.
JU02, at her - residence, ; 518 East Twelfth
street, . Mrs. . Elise Wllhelm. dearly beloved
: mother of Auguste. Emily, Carl.' Otto and
Henry ;Wilhelm and Mrs. P.- M. Cox.' a na-
- t f J? f Germany, , aged 77 years , 2 months
, and S days. ; . ¦
BAIL WAT TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA N0RT8WESTERN RY. CO.
. LiESSISSS .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH "PAC1KC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francifco to fan Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip *t 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAY3— 8:00. 0:30. ll:C0 a. m>; 1:30, 3:30,
- 5:00," 6:20 p. m.
- S.mn KafacI t-» San Franctoco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:30, 0:20, 11:10 a. mi;
12:45, U:4'J, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at l:£5 and G:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — s:10, 0:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:10. 3:40.
5:C5. 6:25 p. m. *- •
Leave I In Effect I I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 2S. 1001 1 San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I W«ek
IJaya. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10 :40am 8:40am,
3:30pm 9;»n Petaluma, «S^Sptn 10:i;5ani
5 :10pm U5 :C0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20ym,
Fulton,
7:00am Windsor, 10:25am.
S:C0pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
GeyservMe,
."5:*0pin 8:80am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7.."!(>am S:00pm Hopland 10:4<ium;iO:S.Vi7n
;> :30pm S:00am and Ukiah. 7:3f>pm} (>:Wpm
7:30am 1 10:40am 1 10 :23am
8 :00am Guerneville. 7 :35pm|
3:30pm 5:00pm . - •:.. I 6:20pm
7.30am S:00am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm -5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:C5pm 8 :20pm
7::;Ckimj 8:00am| . jlO:40am|H>:25«m
;i:30pm| 5:CCpm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| (it^Opui
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa lor 'MarX
We3t Springs and White Sulphur Springs; A
Fulton for Altrwla; at Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs: At G«ywerviHe tar Skagrg» Springs; at
Cloverdale /or the Geysers; at Hopland lor
Duncan Springs, Highland Spr*.ftss. KeJsey-
ville, Carlsbad Sprtng*. Sodft Bay, Laksport
and- Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratcsa Springs. Blu« Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Poiao.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, LUrley'a.
Bucknell'8. Sashedrln Heights, Hul'.viile. Orr'a
Hot Sprlwrs, Mendocino City. Fort Brass.
Westport, Usal. Wllllt3, Laytonville. Cuaimln*.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rouni-trlp tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ . ¦ .
On - Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half races.
. ' Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronlcls
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a fftllp:
'¦Fresno... 2:05p 2:35 jj 3(15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
<k VIsalla... 3:30p 5:00a ..
: " ¦• Bakersfld 0:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a ......
" Kan. City .. 2:40a 7:30a ".
'¦" Chicago.. .. |2:15p 0:00p|
a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping < Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of ¦
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:06 a. m. dally.
¦4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
-' 8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through - Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. . .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping!
at all points In San Joaqutn Valley. . Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦ Offices — C41 ' Market street • and in Ferry
Depot, San 'Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. _ .:..'.¦ _lj "-..'—' *..•¦ ' ' I V
flOUNT^TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ Leave ' Via Sausalito Ferry ; • Arrive .
. San Fran. • Foot of Market St. S»n Fran,
Stm- n,.^,. ». San- j Week'
J^Si , d «> s - ,t a. -T.^.rt^ J^li. £252:
4U5 I-. 11:30*. 7 4:25 p. &55 K '
| 1:15 p. 5:55 p.
• Fm», 8a hMbn M Jumaiit nl lUnm, It to.
VMitt OQwj, S21 UXXIZT STHIET lad SAU^AiiTO KUL
§Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
k 629 EKABXT ST. E.itabllshVd
Siin 1534 tor the treatment of I'rlvnta
V Diseases, Ixnt Dfanboud. ¦ Dehtiity at
*illser.s ¦' wearlngon bodynml nilixlaiKt
plSlcin Diseases. The Doctor coTeswi.** I
yothera fait. Try him. Charges low.
£!<:•»«¦«•• Runrnulfrtl. OiltorwrlM
«1BSOK. Sou rraiickcc. Cai. •'*
thence* to St. Paul's Church, corner Twenty-
, ninth 'and Church streets, for" services at 1:30
-_. o clock. > • Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . -
LORD— In this f city. v . February J 18, rl902, Fan-
nie Eaton : Lord, relict of the late 'Major
i?i mes^ H - Lord> u - s - A -'' mother of t Mrs.
Mira. E. L. Hayden, v daughter of - Almira
> £.aton,- and ¦ eister of F.\ W. : Eaton. ,;*
(C7Xotice:of funeral hereafter. ; '
LOUGHERY— In this ' city, February 17, 1002,
Mary ¦¦ Jane,' beloved ; wk'e of the late Hubert
Loughery, and mother trf Frank,' Joseph anU
Edward, Loughery. and Mrs.. Dr. W. H. Rob-
erts, ;, a ; native of County - Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.. ...;.-. -..-:-.•+•
¦ ESTFriends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),, at, 8 ;30 o'clock, from her. late
; residence.- 334 Chapultepec street, thence . to
.St.; Faul's : Church,' -.where' a* requiem .high
' mass. will be celebrated for the rspose of her
j . eoul at * 0 o'clock.* Interment Holy Cross
¦ : Cemetery. ." . : .:.:.¦._
[McAULIFFE — In this city. February IS, 1002.
Bridget Mary, : beloved ¦ wife : of t Florence T.
McAuliffe, and beloved' mother' of Florence
T., Charles E. and Agnes S. McAuliffe, a na-
of New -York City,; aged 73:years and 1
E?"Friends and acquaintances . are : respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), - at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,] 440 1 Fillmore street, , thence to Sacred
Heart Church,' where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of; her sjuI,
commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. "by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. ,*;••-..
McCABE— In this f. city. -"• February 16, 1002.
Bernard, beloved son of Susan' aad the law
Bernard McCabe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years and 1 day.. ¦
CTThe funeral 1 will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 0 • o'clock, ' from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St.- Patrick's Church.
,: where services will be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. : ¦¦:.¦¦¦
MEEHAN— In this l city." February 16, 1902,
¦;: Bridget, "beloved wife of the late Michael J.
Meehan, and mother, of M. J. 'Meehan. , Mrs.
P.'H. Norton. Mrs. 1 Thomas Snlane, Mrs.
John Qulnn and the late P. L. Meehan, a na-
tive of Kings County, Ireland, aged S3 years
" and . 4' months. (Ansonla, Conn., papers
please copy.) ; ,„ '.•¦.... :
. -¦ (E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . - invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, « from her late
residence, ¦ 421 San ¦ Bruno avenue, between
Seventeenth anfl Eighteenth streets, thence
to St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
. Holy • Cross Cemetery. ' ¦
MIIiROY — In this city, February IS, 1902, Rob-
in B.. beloved husband . of - Julia Frances
' Mllroy, and father of David. William, Harri-
pon. Gertrude ' and Frances Milroy. a native
of Logan County,' Ohio, aged 58 years.
(Ohio papers please- copy.) •
ttC7 Friends are ' respectfully , Invited to at-
tend the funeral ; service* to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2:30. o'clock, at the chapel of the
: I. O.'O.F. Cemetery. : Interment private.:
MONKS— In this city, February 10, 1002, Mary
A.- Monks. • beloved mother of- Daniel- and
Katie Bower, > Mrs. A. J. Hamilton, Mrs.
Llnr.le Marshall and Frank Monks, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged (58 years and -2
¦ days. ':. :.".'/¦.-¦:¦.' - . ,-¦.,.
C-Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral : services
Wednesday, February 'ID. 1002," at 9:30
o'clock, at the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking ¦ Company, 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from corner Twentieth and Guerrero streets
at 10 o'clock. . .
MULLEN — In this ¦ city, February 18. 1002
1 Thomas Mullen, beloved brother of Mrs. D.
, Carr. and uncle of Mrs. . Thomas Fay and
' John Carr, a native ¦ of Ireland, acred 54
year*. : ¦ . , .
MURPHY — At Sunnyvale, February 16." 1902,
Annie L. "Murphy, beloved wife of Hon. Ber-
nard D. Murphy, and mother of Mrs. "Ward
Wright and Evelyn,/ Martin J., Elizabeth
Gertrude M.,' Patrick W. M. Jr. and Helena
Murphy, a native of New York City. ¦
(ETFriends and acquaintances are invited
to ¦ attend : the funeral . from St. Claire's
Church, Santa Clara, to-day (Wednesday),
at 11 o'clock. Interment at. Catholic Ceme-
tery, . Santa Clara. - . . :¦¦ .
MURPHY— In this city, February 17, 1902,
Lorraine Anita, youngest and beloved daugh-
ter of Edwin W.' and Cassandra Murphy, and
sister of Blanche "Ardelle- Murphy, a native
¦ of San Francisco, aged 8 days. ¦ / -•
NYQU1ST — In the City and County Hospital,
February IS, 11*02, Charles Nyqulst, 1 a na-
tlvB -of Sweden, ¦ aged 50 years. .
OLIVER— In this city, February. 17, 1002, Nel-
lie, beloved wife of James Oliver, and mother
of Nellie and Georte' Oliver, a native of
Scotland. '-••.' :. ¦ ¦ • : : ¦ • . -
-- • Br7"The funeral services will be held to-
day ;. (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1818 Stelner street, near Bush.
Interment' private. ¦'¦•.
O'ROURKE— In this city. February 18, 1902,
at the residence of his sister. 622 O'Farreh
• street, Michael O'Rourke, dearly beloved
.brother of Patrick O'Rourke ¦ and Mrs. T.
Kelly. - a native of ¦ Ireland, aged C8 years.
, ¦ C7 The ¦ funeral will take place, at Napa
.Thursday, where a requiem mass will be said
for. the repose of < his : soul." Interment at
Nape. -. - .'•.•
PATTERSON— In this" city, February 18,* 1902
Duncan McMillan, beloved «on of James and
Collna Patterson, and . brother of Christina,
James , and : Collna Patterson, a native of
Minnesota, aged 8 years and 1 month.
• E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ¦ to attend the funeral services
Thursday. February 20, . 1002, at 11 o'clock,
at the res'dence of his ; parents, 49 Hardy
etreet. i Interment Cypress Lawn " Cemetery.
- by.- electric funeral car. '
POTTER— In Oakland. February IS, 1002, Mr».
Susan v Potter, widow of the late William
¦ Potter, and beloved mother of Richard L.
' Cochran, a native of England, aged 75 years
• .2. months and 18 days.-. ..-
PYNE— In this city, February 16, 1902, Annl°
Elizabeth, beloved ; daughter of Patrick XV.
and ; the ; late Catherine " Pyne, and beloved
ulster of the late Gertrude Pyne, a native of
- SunFrancisco, aged 10 years.
. E7 1 Friends are respectfully^ invited to at-
tend the funeral . to-day (Wednesday) at
8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of James Me-
•Menomey & Son, 1057 Mission etreet, thence
to St. - Paul's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the re^osa of her
soul, commencing at 9 O'clock. Interment
Holy Cross. Cemetery. . ; ,
ROSCHMANN— In . Phoenix, Ariz.. February
¦. 15, 1902, Charles, ' dearly beloved father of
" Ida i and j Is&belle ¦ Roschmann, • a ¦ native ol
¦. Germany,* aged .39 years 7 • months ~ and 2S
days. A member of Ernst von Bandel Lodge
" No.' 3, ,- O. d.> H. , S., and San Francisco
: Schwaben Verein. ¦ , . ¦ .
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the . funeral to-day
tWednesday),' at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H.. F. Suhr & Co.; 1137 Mission' street
'¦'between Seventh and- Eishth, 'thence to
Druids' Hall, - 413 Sutter street, where ser-
vices will be held, ¦ commencing at 2 o'clock
, InUrment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
SMARAGDA— In this city, February 17, 1902,
Nikito Smaratrda, a native of . Greece, aged
75 years. . •;• . •• '. ¦ . .
- cyFriends , end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the t funeral Wedne«-
¦ day, February- 19, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from
1 the - Darlors of . Valente. : Marini & Co., • 152-1
Stockton street, thence to; Greco-Russian
/ Church. : Montgomery avenue, between Union
and Filbert , streets, fdr services. Interment
' Laurel i Hill Cemetery.
SPEDDING— In ' this ' city, February - 17, 1002,
Robert Dee Speddlng, a native of Dublin,
Ireland, aged 53 years 4 months and 3 days.
TAYLOR— Iq this city) , February, 18, 1902,
- Woodwell, beloved eon of . W. > H. i and Lizztt
..W.. Taylor, i. a. native of San Francisco, agei
"5 years - 2 . months and 7 days.
lC?"Interment strictly : private. .
THORNAGLE— In this city/February IS
< 1902, George Thornagle," husband of Margaret
-A..ThornagIe.' and father of Mrs. ¦ E. ' Lewis
Mr. C. Thornagle, Mrs.' E. Miklau and Mrs'
, ¦ - H. - Bailey, ' a native ;of Germany," aged 7(
. years and 20 ' days. '. . ¦
ICTFrlends and- acquaintances are respect-
v- fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morroM
(Thursday), ,\; at 7 11 'o'clock,'., from the c resi'
¦ dence of hla. son. 2319 Larkln street, bet weer
, HENRYiJ. tSlLTLAGHER Co.
' (Succensor to , Flannagan "& Gallagher.)
DANIEL ;P.! DONOVAN, Mrr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
"20f Fifth st., opposite' Lincoln School. .
'" Telephone .- South SO. .•
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. BAN BR^NO; HILLS. ;-
OFFICE ;BI6 M« RKET. STRRET.
3:> HENDERSON.; Manager.'
jambs: wcginn,
. Formerly,; with I McGinn • Bros., '¦ has ¦ opened
: new : Funeral Parlors at f 214 ; Eddy at., bet.
' Taylor ;and Jones. \~ Telephone South 676. ..
; NEW FIRM of; U.^Dtipl TAKBRS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 ; years ¦ manager for
; the United Undertakers'. Association ; M." J.
McBrearty, with the 'same company for 18
years; P.: F-' Green/ 1 late, with J.C-'O'Con-
nor ; & ¦ Co. ,'" have ¦ opened : ne w ' Funeral . Par-
;lors at 1171 Mission street,- between Seventh'
and Eighth. ' .Telephone ; South ; 44. r • .
REMOVED!
McGINN'BROS..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS s and ? EMBALM-
l ERSA to -224 : and } 226 < McAllister j St. (For-
» merly of 31^ Eddy iat:^ Tel/ : South 252.)
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On and after Feb. 22, 1902,- we will occ'ups
OUR- OWN .'- BUILDING, at 1000. Mission st
bet.';lCth'and:16t»i. TELEPHONE MISSION
109. V CHAS.I H. , J. TRUMAN & CO.; Funeral
Directors ; and Embalmeri. f,j- .••'•->.. I:.-: EXAMINATION i; FOR '».. PROMOTION.— The
civil ., BcrylceLexamlnatlon".' for '( promotion : from
policeman to corporal 'In. the Police Department
will be- held "in the. Girls 1 .High SchooUPebru
ary 28,- ; 1902,'.-at Lp.m.*".. Applications must be
.filed Immediately.? ';¦, ¦,,-, j"-~~ - '. .'
¦ '''I-', called ? out '.to 'my brother, but--* h^
could notget^in, as the -doctor had locked
the • door and we ¦.were : alone . in < the I office.
I: thought 'discretion'"" the • better .; part : of
valor and:paid. ? him hlsfee. ..Then he un
locked •; the .'door* and -'I was glad to get
away.;-,; -"¦.,¦ :.'";'';. ; ::>.", : .'¦,.'¦,. ¦ ¦ • \
'•..Valensolo;; added 'that, he had thought
the matter, qver, for a^.day and had made
up his toipunlsh;the : doctor for the
"scare he^ had. given. him; - ..- .
John; Valensolo, 1423% 7Kearny^. street,
swore "to; a complaint in; Judge Conlan's
court .yesterday,' charging : Dr. V. - D'Er
cole, 1604 Stockton street,-, with. disturbing
the peace. - .The " warrant * was given an
officer. to serve upon -the physician. ;* .'
-> Valensolo In telling his story. to "Warrant
and Bond;Clerk Fitzpatrick said: ;. .
•; "I called upon 'my, mother at 810 : Union
street Sunday . and . found 'her sick.
I went tb'.C; O. Fauda's drug- store : on
the corner of Stockton and Union streets
and asked him to recommend a physician.
¦He recommended .Dr. :.D'Ercole and ,1
called at .'his office., 'He went to see ;niy
mother and wrote out -a prescription for
her.: My. brother: and I. did not like the
appearance of the * medicine and we : de
cided to 'call in another physician.
; "We ; called upon" Dr. iD'Ercole at his
office and si,' told him why we had called
In" another doctor ' and . that" he v need s not
visit my ¦ mother agalm; He'becsftne ¦ very
angry ; and demanded ; his fee of ;?2 50. • I
objected "to-paying, so- much and ! he threw
my -. brother • out ; into ! the ' hallway, - and.
a--revolver out of. his' pocket and
pointing .it.at^me,. said he; would blow my
head; off j if.il. did:"not at once pay him
the fee 'he 'had 1 demanded. ; > ; -
Warrant /Obtained i for
feji© Arrest of Dr.
COLLECTS FEE
WITH REVOLVER
B'NAI B'RITH'S '. RETIRING
PRESIDENT AND; MAN WHO
¦ SUCCEEDS HIM. - . - \ -
i.Talk over the details while you lunch at
the Cafe Zinkand. **BGM '. *
, .; EXAMINATION FOR TEACHERS.— The ex
amination for teachers', certificates will be held
at t the Lincoln ; Grammar • School ¦» from - March
24 to March. 29," 10C2. both inclusive.. The ex
amination includes ., tests for grammar school
and , special : certiflcates. *
Mrs. Hirsh Keeps i Little i Qiri:
The writ ' of, habeas corpus issued ) to
Fraiik.J. Frayne, under 'which: he sought
to secure the custody.' of: his, 12-year-old
daughter, Elizabeth, Frayne, -was "..dis
missed <by Judge Graham yesterday. . ; Mrsr
S.;j.,'Hirsh: of 1713 Ellis •¦ street.'.who ;has
the : custody of the girl and who 'was
served with the ..writ,-- proved ;that* the
child - was not restrained:: of her '. liberty.*
Mrs. Hirsh testified that she gaveUhe! lit'-'
;tle one a home because she came to' her
and said her father had beaten her." ¦'
A- great . muslqal . treat may be expected
at i the- piano "recital > to be given Friday
evening at Sherman & Clay Hall. •
Chamberlain -; Recital."
I John Duffy, the driver who exchanged
33-year-old Mah Foo for-anaged and de
crepit Chinaman while on; the 'way from
the Mall dock to the office of the Uniterl
States Marshal, was held to answer yes
terday by United : States Court Commis
sioner Heacock on the charge of aiding
and" abetting in the landing of a Chinese
laborer not entitled to tfe, landed. He was
released later on- $1500 bail.- / ¦
The evidence . taken in the, case: showed
very peculiar methods on -the part of the
Federa.1 . authorities in their attempts to
enforce' the "exclusion act. 'It developed
that after acoolie had- be^n: denied the
privilege ; of landing by the Customs Col
lector .and. a' writ -of .habeas -corpus haa
been; taken out, ¦ the coolie was handed
over to a temporary employe of the Pa
cific Mall Steamship" Company, and by
such employe taken up town, in the vicin
ity of the Chinese i quarter, 'then | taken
down ' to- the Apprajser's building and
there delivered into the custody of the
United States, Marshal. .' -
v The evidence - showed ' the following
.facts : First , Mason , S. Blackburn, a Gov
.ornment watchman, .took Mah Foo out of
•the detention -shed: at the Mail dock and
delivered him to John Duffy,' a 20-year-old
•lad .employed- by Herbert Crlchton, who
,does teaming for the. Pacific : Mail 'Steam-'
.ship. Company, \ but w r hoi is neither an em
ploye of the company nor of. the Govern
ment. Duffy ,was ( next j seen at \ a photo
¦ graph : gallery • on - - ! Kearny • ' street; neaT
Commercial. ..where, he had Mah' Foo sit
for "his photograph.- Half an hour- latsr
Duffy ¦ delivered -in* person to a", deputy
.United" States Marshal .an; aged Chinese
coolie as Mah' Foo. On the writ of ha
; beas corpus which Duffy handed to the
; deputy :. with ..the u prisoner, was a photo
f graph-of. the coolie.'. "" ;,*
i- Deputy : "United J States 'Marshal George
' Burriham ' happened : to be in ; the ' photo
graph gallery when Duffy brought inthfi
real , Mah ; Foo *to .be -photographed, * and
when Burnham | returned I to the Marshal's
office half >an hour later he saw the' pre
tended Mah Foo in the detention room.
Ex-Judge : •• S. . C. ¦ Denson ¦ - appeared . for
Duffy, . but reserved , his • defense . for t the
trial. ,-•"• '¦- :¦¦'¦"¦-¦ '¦' •;..:;; v -.. ¦ ¦ ¦
:. INSOLVENT SALESMAN.— Samuel Leopold "
salesman,-: residing: In, San, Francisco,' filed a
petition ' in . Insolvency yesterday.: In tho • United
States 'District; Court. '. He owes $3502 and. has
no assets. :.•¦¦ ;\- -• ¦¦ .. : .:', , ¦;-:"¦¦".' . w ',. ¦¦-.'-- : .-•.
* -¦ '¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ * ¦
Chief of Police Wittman has been mak
ing a strenuous effort to secure' a "patrol
boat" for the use of the department,' but
his energies in that direction have -thus
far -been futile. Last night' during the
meeting of the Police Commissioners j the
Chief stated that the patrolmen were," un
able to break up the nefarious traffic car
ried on by the "bay pirates" by reason
of the fact that it did not possess a pa
trol boat. ¦ * ¦¦•'..:¦• . .
Secretary Cadwallader read a communi
cation trom the Moraghan Oyster Com
pany, calling attention ; to the, inefficient
protection afforded vessel owners a long
the water front, and more especially that
portion designated as Channel street; The
complaint stated that night after night
craft lying at wharves or, anchored close
in shore have been visited -by*; "bay ' pi
rates" or "wharf rats." .The communica
tion, further stated -that ' the - Moraghan
Oyster Company's boat ( the Governor M.
B. M., berthed at the foot of Fourth and
Channel streets, was , entered last; Satur-.
day night during the absence, of the *oapr
tain and engineer. . The brass j fastenings'
and' Yale locks on. the cabin 1 were broken
with a "jimmy" and every stitch. of cloth
ing, including bedding, ;t mattresses • and
blankets and even .old -.working; clothes,
together with the todlBv required In" tho
operation: of the ; gasoline , engine,' j. were
stolen. ,', -.-...- ••*••¦.• '¦; -r 1 ,'- v
Chief Wittman; informed : the Commis
sioners 'that it was -Impossible to capture
the thieves or • properly. 'patrol . the water
front, as the departments was .without- a
boat. The Chief observed- that 7 Bebjamin
H. Lichtenstein, a member of 'the Grand
Jury,;,was in 'the* room -and -he ""made *an
appeal to him to bring the. matter- before
his body at the next session. ';¦•-¦ ¦' •¦:. ~. ¦ %i . -¦"
Lichtenstein promised -,to , aid I the Chief
in his effort to secure a boat.' > ¦!-..'
Frank Tuite, ' number .'- 57 oh v the t' civil
service Hst, was sworn in as an officer, to:
fill the vacancy* caused by -the. dismissal
of Policeman Crackbon.r- -.;;..;.. ,-, ; ¦;_ ;... ;.
Arthur. Brooks, ; a.-, colored .'•» man, rwas
grranted permission'. to open" clubrooms op
posite jj the Southern? Pacific : Railroad .7c
pot in order. to accommodate the Pullman
porters who enter this • city -. daily.'-. >: In
granting the request Brooks was/toldithiit
if he permitted the .use of razors .or?al
lowed "crap shooting"- his -license .would,
be taken away. ... ¦•.•-; .-"¦'!*'? ¦¦•':¦¦'
Acting " upon a' report <¦'. submitted. -Aby:
Colonel J. B. Bawles. commandant* of the*
Presidio, .the . Commissioners ; declined '. to
renew the liquor licenses 'of? saloon men
who have places adjacent to' the; military
reservation. • The applications of • the fo\
lowinjr EaJoon-keeoers • were; denied : ¦ Dave
Tarpey.' August Koenhucke. ' W.' J.VAlex^
ander. Dennis ~W: Collins. Michael ;'J."> Col
lins. Press Anderson. Thilin Kauft,' Lewis
P.' Matkin. Anton Meyer,. Francis Lander
Hugh. McNab. 'Anton Phillips. Thomas &
Lawrence. Valentin«: Brandt, Carl E. Rlt-'
ter . and Paul , Cherwensky. .
Chief Wittman C alls At
tention to Need for
a Patrol Boat. «
Schussler waa questioned with the ob
ject of ascertaining if the expense of sup
plying* water to the farmers of Alameda
County ¦ by ' the Suburban Company ¦ was
charged ". to , the consumers . of San ¦ Fran
cisco . in ' the water . rates.". Schussler ¦¦ de
nied that such was the case, but said that
the water, was supplied to the farmers in
stead'of paying outright for the water
rights . acquired . by the company. ¦ ,
-Supervisor Brandenstein, who was ap
pointed to interrogate for the board, re
quested Schussler to furnish a statement
of the properties acquired and the moneys
expended in construction .work : by the
Spring Valley Company in the 'Alameda
Creek system since the last investigation.
Schussler he'.d . that it would not be fair
,to figure rates. on the cost of any -work,
as it was the duty.ot theBoard of "Works
to appraise the Alaraeda properties owned
by the company. , City, Engineer Grunsky
stated that the. company ; had failed to
furnish a list ,of ¦ the properties and no
appraisement i-v/as possible. .
Schussler finally agreed to prepare . .i
statement of tbo cost of the Alameda sys
tem. Brandenstein then changed 'the line
of inquiry in an : .endeavorto,flnd If • any
of the properties listed as assets by tho
company are not now, in actual -use. The
board then adjourned until to-night, when
the investigation of gas rates . will - be
commenced. ¦ ' . .
The financial statement for the calendai
year 1SJU1 was filed, showing that the re
ceipts ot the company were <l,S72,710 32 and
disbursements >i,a42,i54 36. leaving a ca3h
balance ¦ ot . Ji9,«55 97. Tne sum of *s»»4,-
r ib2 bV was'expenaea in permanent lin
provemtnts.
bchu&sier described at length the water
rignts- ana ;iands acquired . oy tne com
pany in Alait.eua .County, and said.tnat
ihe sum oi ? H-,WaJ nail ueen expenued in
construction worK. -tvciorney is.etiogg saia
that ' tne company "vouia only tur»nsn a
list ot properties on wnich' revenue was
asKeu ' ana wouia not aisciose any incom
plete purchases.
•{supervisor ±>raunhart said that the in
vestigation so iar haa . aiscioseu that th'o
Suburban Vvater Company, or Alameda
county, an adjunct oi tne Spring VaUey
Company, was supplying water to the city
of San Francisco und tnat its orncera and
books should be examined. Kellogg named
some -of the ofticers and directors of the
company and- sida that the Suburban
Company ¦ is . furnishing : the Spring Valley
Company with -water under contract.
Schussler explained mat the properties of
the flrst named companyhad not been In
cluded in the valuation of previous years
because it was not deemed advisable to
make ' the . Information ; public. ' . A ¦¦ resolu
tion was adopted directing the Suburban
Water Company to furnish an itemized
list of its properties to the board.
'lhe Board of Supervisors met last night
to examine into" the affairs of the Spring:
Valley Water Works,- with a view to fix
ing next year's water rates. Chief Engi
ness Schussler was the principal witness
examined, and an "effort was made to
draw from him information upon which
to base an estimate of the value of the
Alameda Creek system, on which an In
come is to be allowed. • ¦
Financial' Statement Is
Filed With Board of
Supervisors.
— ~ — ¦ - . ¦'
Evidence Shows; That He
Tried to Deceive the
Government. .
STRONG CASE
AGAINST DUFFY
SPRING VALLEY
GIVES FIGURES
BAY PIRATES
GROW BOLDER
The per capita tax was fixed at J2 20.
The newly elected officers were Install
ed by Past Grand President D. S. Hirsh
berg, assisted by Past Grand President
E. I. "Wolfe as marshal. ; The \ ceremony
was followed by the presentation of three
cases of table silverware to the retiring
president, George Samuels. . "V"
President Rosenthal then announced
the committees, the chairmen of which
ere: Credentials, M. Marks; finance, H.
P. Bush; by-laws, William Saalburg;
mileage, A. H. Friendly; legislation, M:
S. Wascerwitz; state of the order, M.
Popper, and library, Herman Enkle. The
district deputies recommended by .the va
rious districts were appointed.: ,
Marcus Rosenthal of Unity . Lodge,
president; Wallace AV "Wise of = Occiden
tal, first vice; S. Julius Mayer of Port
land, second vice; Ben Harris Of Carson,
treasurer; I. J. Aschhelm of Golden Gate,
secretary; Simon Hochstadter of Miriam,
M. Marcuse of Oakland and J. Platshek
of Ophir, trustees; Dr. S. S. Kahn, medi
cal examiner; Jacob Greenebaum of Co
lumbia, Henry Schwartz of Pacific, Davis
S. Hirshberg of Oakland, Hugo K. Asher
of Monteflore and' M. L. Asher of Unity,
members of the district court; M. S.
Levy, orator; Aaron Nathan of Eathan,
sergeant-at-arms ; Sol Meyer of Ophir,
messenger. ¦¦¦-.¦
The election resulted in the .choice : of
the following: named to serve as grand
officers for the ciirrent term: ' ¦
pT|«^ HE. Grand Lodge of B'nal. B'rith
I yesterday adopted a resolution re-
I scinding the' rule which : required
JLL "members /who lose. their beneficiary
certificates to make ¦ affidavit \' of
loss under oath. . The ; statement \ of | loss
made to the secretary of the lodge is all
that .will be required in the future. An
other rule that required the business : of
lodges in this jurisdiction to be conducted
in the English language was rescinded."
Grand Sessiomof^^
: eral Troilblesom ? Rules, ;Eixes the Per
fflpapita-'Tax .and Elects 'New! Officers
MAY CONDUCT LODGES
NOW IN ANY LANGUAGE
FITZHUGH BACK
IN OLD PLACE
LEAVE VESSEL
AT HONOLULU
Dif charged Meu, Refused
Right to Land, Take
French Leave.
Pres.derit Hays Still
Issues Official Cir-
Thomas J. Bird, the striking boiler
maker's helper, was instructed and ar
raigned in Judge Cabaniss* court yes
terday on the charge of assault to mur
der for shooting the boy, Fred Reger at
Seventeenth and Douglass streets 'last
Saturday morning. The case was con
tinued till to-morrow. J. F. Burlingame
who was attacked at the same time, says
that he is -satisfied he shot William
Borchers, known as the ."crazy Dutch
man, as he was only a few *feet from
him when he fired. The police think that
Borchers may have .been taken to some
hospital. .-.--,
Bird Arraigned in. Court.
Wishes to inform his friends and patients
of the removal of his office from 16 Kear
ny 6treet to the Emma Spreckels building.
927 Market street, rooms 611-612, Blxth
floor. Office hours 9 a. m. to 12 m. and 1
to 4 p. m. •
Dr. A. Kirk
Enlisted men. men on furlough and dis
charged soldiers numbering several hun
dred disembarked, from the transport
Meade yesterday and stories of a rebel
lious scene enacted at Honolulu on the
arrival on the Meade at that port, com
plaints against Captain H. Tupas,. who"
had command of the men, expressions of
dissatisfaction wi.th the rations and dis
tinct and uncomplimentary murmurs re
garding the sleeping accommodations
aboard and, also, a scanty supply of tables
ana chairs at meal time, were matters tnac
i;ei>t ptopie on tne uotii niucii interested
tut some Hours while the customs officers
vere inspecting the belongings of tne sol
diers ana ex-soldiers. ,
Joseph Lynch, a discharged man of the
Seventeentn Infantry, was, like many
others, extremely bitter in his Uenuncia-.
tion of the food and the accommodation af
lorded the men. At Honolulu, said l^ynch,
enlisted men and discharged men oroke
through tne guard ana many climbed
oown the cables because Captain Tupes
had refused permission to land. Believing
he had no right to interfere with the free
dom of the discharged men, they took the
matter of landing into their own hands.
On returning to the transport some of the
men were put in irons. Lynch saj'3.
Harry Jones, discharged, late of the
Thirty-third Infantry, said that the main
body aboard was made up of "casuals."
At rlrst the captain gave orders that they
should do guard duty, which, he said, was
contrary to military rules, for the reason
that those men were discharged. The
"casuals" refused to obey the order and it
was revoked. At Honolulu men got down
ropes and cables and others rushed the
guard until fully 2u0 lauded. It cost some
of them a few days in the "brig."
Captain H. Tupes was not inclined to
say anything for publication, but admitted
that there is an order ia existence from
the SecretrLry of War prohibiting sol
diers or ships' crews going ashore at in
termediate points between Manila and the
United States. The captain had under his
command more than 400 discharged sol
diers and he construed the order as ap
plying to them as much as to the enlisted
men, his object being to avoid any possi
bility of quarantine. Captain Tupes had
not heard a word of dissatisfaction at his
enforcement of the order from any but
the discharged men. All short-term and
furloughed men behaved themselves well.
He denies having- received a single com
plaint about the rations or accommoda
tions aboard.
Captain George Wilson, master of the
Meade, said with regard to the preven
tion of discharged Boldfers landing at in
termediate ports that they were in reality
steerage passengers. The same rule ap
plies to them as to steerage passen
gers on the regular liners. If those
men were allowed to go ashore, said
the captain, many would go Into the
lowest dens and there would oe a chance
of bringing some infection to the vessel.
In answer to a report that had got about
that there was a serious outbreak of some
kind aboard, which was being kept a se
cret, the captain emphatically denied that
there had been anything more than sev
eral cases of dysentery, to which two sol
diers had succumbed. On every point he
contradicted the accusations of the dis
charged men. s
E. H. Fitzhugh. who came to this city
from the East last summer to fl'l the posi
tion of assistant to Charles M. Hays of
the Southern Pacific, was appointed the
early part of this month vice president
and general manager of the Central Ver
mont Railway. This is the position he re
signed when became to San Francisco.
The announcement of the appointment
of Mr. Fitzhugh came to this city in the
form of an official circular with the name
of Charles M. Hay* at the bottom.: At
the "yellow building" the circular was
handed around with much amusement,
and the laugh was hearty over the idea
that President Hays, though now the ex
ecutive head of another read, still clings
to his custom of • making startling an
nouncements through the medium of of
ficial circulars.
When Charles M. Hays came to fill the
position of president of the Southern Pa
cific he made a host of officials pass many
sleepless nights, all owing to his pet fad
of issuing circulars. These circulars did
not come regularly, but were published at
unusual intervals. ¦
E. H. .Fitzhugh. is a personal friend of
Charles M. I^ays, and on his arrival' in
San Francisco made himself very prom
inent by acting and talking in a myste
rious manner. He became very unpopu
lar because of peculiar actions. He .would
ride in an inspection \ car for days at a
time with division superintendents and
engineers without saying a word, which
was very embarrassing to the S ! railroad
men, as they, did not know whether Fitz
hugh was pleased or not with": their work.'
President Hays' circular reads as fol
lows: * - ; • i '¦:
CENTRAL VERMONT RAILWAY CO.
Office of Chairman Executive Committee.
Circular.
ST. ALBANS, Vt, Feb. 7. 1902.
R. S. LOGAX, vice president and general
manager, having resigned to accept a position
with another company. E. H. FITZHUGH haa
been elected vice president and general man
ager, with office at St. Albans, Vt.
Effective February 7, 1902.
CHAS. M. HAYS,
Chairman Executive Committee.
Mizpah Euchre Party.
The nineteenth annual euchre party of
the Mizpah Charity Club was held at the
residence of Mrs. J. E. Cutten, 3454 Sac
ramento street, Friday, February 14, in
the afternoon. . The prizes offered by the
club were very beautiful and the winners
were: Mrs. J. E. Cutten, flrst prize, a
bronze statue; Mrs. Mann, second prize,
a cut-glass dish; Mrs. J. J. Spieker, third
prize, dessert plates; Mrs. H. R. Hurlbut,
fourth prize, Tiffany vase; Mrs. Worth,
booby prize, a cup and saucer,
Mrs. .Cutten was assisted in receiving
by her sisters, Mrs. Wallace Reading and
Miss Rulof son.
The members present were: Mesdames
Bertz, Crowell, Clark, Countryman. Col
lins, Cutten, Doyle and Day, Miss Elliot,
Mesdames Fonda. Farnsworth, i M. F.
Gabbs, Grimes, Hollis. Hurlbut, Jordan,
Jewett, Mann, Mills, William King, New
ell. Naylor, Rulofson, Reading, Rodgers,
Schuyler, Spieker, Spaulding, Staub, Tur
ner, Wenzelberger, Worth and Warren.
Brings Suit Against a Hospital.
Charles Blom filed a suit yesterday to
recover $50,000 damages from St. Mary's
Hospital for injuries which he claims lie
received through the carelessness of Dr.
J. M. Henry, resident physician at the
hospital.
Only Beliable Coal Dealers
Bell Tesla Briquettes. $t> per ton.' Best and
cheapest fuel for kitchen and grate. Phone
South 85 about them. - • ¦
I/enten Services.
The second of the united Lenten services
of the Episcopal churches will be held at
the Cathedral Mission. Second and Fol
som streets, to-night. The addresses will
be delivered by Rev. E. W. -Hayes, Rev.
D. O. Kelley and Rev. C. Hitchcock. The
boy?' choir will sing. . ...
THE RAN
12
ICED OYSTERS
Served at store this -week. "We invite
yourself and friends to be our guests and
partake of our hospitality. Fresh oysters
at our expense served with Snider's oys-
ter cocktail sauce. Entire week.
RIPE QUEEN OLIVES, QUART 2oC-
UA1A Select Eastern. Pound | 7»
II AW1 All sizes— all good. Wednes- 1 . 8l»
day. I
BUTTER ALWAYS SPECIAL.
UftU Extra select! Very Best 1 01 n
nHnl Eastern corn fed. Pound.. lu*b
Perfectly cured. All best brands to se-
lect from. Wednesday.
EGG NOODLES, 4 pkgs. 23c
PflCCCv Java and Mocha. Very 'OK*
UUrfLubest 35c kind. Pound..... ZUU
Ground or whole: 5 pounds limit.
PnCCCC Java and Mocha. "Bro- C(\ n
UllrrCt ken." 3 pounds OUl
Standing special; average sale, 300 lbs.
daily.
GOOD RANCH EGGS, dozen 20c
PEELED PEACHES g^.^S: 25c
3 pounds
GINGER SNAPS, pound 10c " .
FANCY MIXED CAKES c^it lfir%
cult Co.'s best. Pound...: lOU
Chocolates, High Teas. Fig Bars. Maca-
roon Snap. Honey Drop, Fruit Biscuits,
etc. Usually 20c.
1 GRAHAM \ WAFERS, pound 10c
PRIVATE TABLE CLARET. eal.Tc
Vintage of 1896. Used by good judges of
wir:e. Sample at store.
DRY CHAMPAGNE, pint 33c.
KEfiTUSKY O.K. WHISKEY: IT
Mellow Bourbon. Aged in wood, tf.j OC
Mellow type. Usually $3. Gal.. dZtZO
FRIDAY NIGHT, from 6 to 11 o'clock,
SALE OF BEST BUTTER. Come early.
119 TAYLOR ST. PHONE? HOWARD 102L
WEDNESDAY (TO-DAY),
THURSDAY, FRIDAY
And SATURDAY,
' I i ' ' ' AT
2:3OP.M.,
AUCTION
OF
PERSIA/^
230 Post St.
A-. W. LOCDERBACK, Auctioneer.
Note—Every ru§r . guaranteed . to . benot acid
acid washed and any rug . bought on above
days at auction will ba exchanjjed or taken
back and money refunded - should ' the size or
color prove unsatisfactory.' •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON "STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, * WARD &
CO. European plan. .Rooms, -50c to $1 50 day;'
$5 to $5 week; {8 to $20 month. Free batha :
-hot and cold water every room: fire grates in
every room; elevator tuna all night.
ADVER-TISEMENTS. _ _ _.,'.:. ,-,.-..,,,
, ; - — ; _ ~~~~~ ~"
20-Inch BLACK TAFFETA CKp Yard
silk..
20-Inch BLACK TAFFETA 7 Cp Vflrfl
SILK (Guaranteed)...^........ i 0b ICilU
'23-Ihch BLACK TAFFETA OCn Yarrf
SILK (Swiss manufacture)..... OJb I US U
22- Inch BLACK TAF- QJ fin Vorfj
FETA SILK (Guaranteed).. OhUU IdlU
27 -Inch BLACK TAF- Ql fin Yarrf
FETA SILK. .... • SliUU idlU
24- Inch BLACK TAF- QJ IC VnrA
FETA SILK (Guaranteed).. $h\d 1 dlli
36- Inch BLACK TAF- Qi OR Varrf
FETA SILK....... . . dliZD IdlU
42-Inch BLACK TAF- {I Sfi V^rc?
FETA SILK. .......... OliOU lalU
We will also show this week an elegant col-
lection of FANCY SILKS in all the newest
stules and colorings for Spring, 1902.
. Mall orders promptly and carefully execntei
and samples forwarded fpfee to any address/
111/ 113. 115, U7, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '.. . ',
Makes delicious hot biscuit, rolls, |
crusts, griddle cakes and muff ins^
A cream of tartar powder, absolutely pure.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. NEW YORK. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS. j
THIS WEEK
111
OFF ON
SADIES'
POGKET
BOOKS,
:•".' SEE THEM IN OUR WINDOW.
SPECIAL PRICES ON DRUGS
AND PATENT MEDICINES.
BRING US YOUft PRESCRIPTIONS
- AND SAVE SO PER CENT.
Prompt Attention v to Country Orders.
, WE QIVE TRADING -STAMPS.
Country blub and Park
Wagons v. for two, four or
six people/ Every week
now we are receiving
the new things for 1902.
Market and Tenth Streets.
¦ KRAGE N'S PATENT DAV- B
:^ ai * i «i^^W.' \ ENPORT DIVAN A2JD |
. "**"' j •. ¦'' vlCHAIR^FOLDINGrBED. >~ jjj
: : ". ; ' It costs, less: than an iTJpHght; or ,ManteU: Folding 3°d and . ¦
'.makes 'a "handsome 'and jusefu! article of f urniture. for parlor of sit- if
y- ting room, yetiitinclu^
¦¦_';• tacle^^for bedciothing. ,We make ;thein; in- three, sises.' ' , P
• ;:;.. s Take' advantage of? our special discount sale- only for a few *
¦'days', longer. '''..'' "-.-'.¦ ; ;••..,' ¦-'-•" ¦', \ .v '/¦-.',• >/''.¦}¦¦.' ' • fj
Tel/ South 371. ; Opp. Taylor. |
t h e d i f f i c u 1 1 i es
buying pianos
The average person is absolutely ignorant of the qualities of a good
piano.
They are "in the dark" when it comes to choosing an instrument.
¦ W*?" 1 you know that a piano can be. made to sell for any sum be-
tween 575 and $1000 you can understand the risks a buyer runs, for all
pianos look about alike, and, at first, sound about alike.
You don't know whether you are paying $100 too much or not.
Now, we are practical piano-makers.
One of the members of our firm waits on each customer personally—
we are mechanics, we will explain to you the mechanism of every instru-
ment, tell you why some pianos cost more than others.
We will instruct you so that no matter where you buy you will b<"
able to buy intelligently, to know what you are talking about and whether
) or not you get a bargain.
No one is asked to purchase— all we*want is an opportunity to pre-
sent our case, a chance to explain to you the details of piano construe--
) tion. • . .
We are the oldest and largest piano concern on the coast. Our only r
competition .-is 'the record of our own past. Our guarantee is a positive 1
protection to every purchaser and -our.; experience and practical knowl-v-
edge of the piano business are points for your careful consideration...
7 * ' ¦.-'¦-:. ': ;l > ' ' '
Ben j . gti rtaz & 5on,
Sole Agentsrfor the Wonderful CHICKERING PIANO.
I 16-20 O'Farrell St., S.F.
I Branch Stores* San Jose, Fresno, Alameda, Stockton.