POLITICIANS AND; OFFICET-HOLDERS .WHO FIGURE IN SCANDAL
THAT IS RAGING IN; COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE AND WHO MAT
BE CALLED TO TESTIFY BEFORE THE GRAND JURY. • ,
NICE, Jan. 13.— Charles M. Schwab,
president of the United States Steel Cor
poration, who has been playing at Monte
Carlo for high stakes for several days
ar.d who broke the bank yesterday after
ropn, repeated the performance ten min
utes before the rooms closed last night.
Ho won 34,003 francs on No. 20, which he
backed in various ways on maximums.
The casino was thronged at the time and
Schwab's feat was greeted with cheers.
Previous to this Schwab had lost many
thousand francs on the same number.
SCHWAB AGAIN BREAKS
BANK AT MONTE CARLO
V -Mahonyi > injdesperation,' appointed Fitz
gerald, '". although ' his < list was : filled and
'. When Mahony announced his list of ap
pointees : he * overlooked R." ' M." Fitzgerald,'
clerk I In • Judge . Hebbard's court. • Fitzger
ald went to work and soon had the ear 'of
Crimmins. Crimmins /passed the job
along r to \WillIam .F. Herrin/ and the
Southern Pacific ; Railroad ; attorney; sent
'Jere Burke to tell. Mahony to .appoint
Fitzgerald as clerk ' to Judge , Hebbard'a
courts ' • '/¦ . ¦ '" . »y
Herrin's Hand Is Shown.
disclosed in the investigations made by
The Call of Mahony's -campaign.; Herrin
turned' Colonel Burns down and took up 1
with Crimmins and the combination* of
Herrin <and Crimmins Mahony
and the office to which . he i was . elected. •. .
charge their ' financial' contribution to Ma •
hony's campaign to "profit and loss,".'f or
it is very probable that: Mahony wiirnot
retain his office after many" days. . j .
- The present state of affairs in the" Coim-,
ty Clerk's ' office is ; a.' disgrace to the city.
Work is piling up and . a horde of incom
petent/men j have been-; placed 1 in charge
by Mahony. . ' Some' of; the 1 Superion Court
Judges have refused to accept the men
appointe'd'as deputies : by! Mahony ; at \the
'command: of Boss Crimmins, and- through' 1
the wire-pulling of William F..Herrin and
his man Friday, Jere Burke^ . > v : ,
• The German-American Citizens are up in
arms] at the',oustlng of v ' Oscar ;Tolle, and
Carl >W. "i Mueller^whb Kaye the support of
the German- American ' Republican ClubiV ,
The. fine: hand" of .William 'F. • Herrin; is
Offender Says He- Will G
To-E)ay; and Ma ke Arrangements to Care
for Some :. of HisFriends Who Aided Him
The Cail's investigation of ; Mahony's
campaign has furnished proof that the
firm of J. E. .Bier and M. -M.' Regens
burger, who discounted the: forged salary
warrants drawn by Peter McGlade, helped
Mahony to make, his fight,, putting up
$3S50 through Phil Crimmins. In return
for .. their financial support Mahony,
through Crimmins, was to give them, the
privilege of ''shaving" the .salary war
rants of the deputy County Clerks. As
the percentage charged by the brokers is
3 per, cent a month to discount a" salary
warrant drawn on the city treasury, and
the sum of $72,600 was voteS last year by
the Board of Supervisors for.' the salaries
of the'County CJerk.'arid his deputies, it
can- readily be seen where the brokera
"come In." .¦'..;¦¦, \ ¦ '•'.
Bier & Regensburger are . likely - to
¦•---.•.-.•¦¦¦. • ¦
Deal "With Money Brokers.
If the Grand Jury wishes to have a look
at. the document signed by Mahony, The
Call will Inform that body where the
same can be duly inspected.
If Mayor Schmitz desires to Inspect the
document signed by Mahony The Call will
furnish\ him ..with the Information where
the precious paper can be seen.
Mahony placed his signature to the
document, which was witnessed by Greg
ory Vallero, a deputy county clerk,' and
Flood, two of. the men to be taken care of
by Mahony. i
Deane then called in Attorney John
Flood,., and to show his good v faith
Mahony instructed j Flood to draw
up a . document In -which* Mahony
promised, to make Deane his chief
deputy in case of .his, (Mahony's)
election, provided Deane would not seek
the nomination for County Clerk on th«j
Republican ticket. So eager was v Mahoriy
to have Deane quit the contest that* he
further Instructed Flood to insert in the
document that he, Mahony, would : also
take care of four friends of Deane and
give them positions in the office of the
County Clerk.
•Deal Is Made With
a Firm of Brokers,
Who Supply Funds
When Mahony again approached Deane
and asked him to retire" in - his \ favor
Deane naturally asked Mahony why he
should give up the light. Mahony there
upon explained to Deane that he, Ma
hony, would secure the nomination for
County Clerk, with the assurance of the
assistance of Phil Crimmins and W. "F.
Herrin, and if Deane would retire. from
the fight he would be taken care of in the
event of Jlahony'a election to office, -
* - - ¦» ¦ ¦ . . _ , . . - . - » 1 * -' -
After the primaries were held. and the
Republican machine bosses, with the -aid
of Rainey and other Democratic machine
bosses, had shown their power, "Deane
realized that he stood but little chance of
being selected as candidate for County
Clerk on the Republican machine ticket.
Dsane was approached by Mahory and
was asked to retire In his favor, but
Deane did not see it in that light Deane
had made a good record while in office
and the Bar Association was ready to
commend him for his good work and in
dorse him for renomination.
When the recent campaign commenced,
W. A. Deane, who held the office of
County Clerk, was desirous of securing
renomination for the office on the Re
publican ticket. Mahony, who was a dep
uty clerk under Deane, was also anxious
to secure the nomination.
Asks Deane to Withdraw.
The investigation of the charges against
Mahony has given The Call proof that
Mahony was and is a mere puppet 'in the
hands of Bosses* Crimmins et al.', and be
hind them looms up the figure of Attorney
William F. Herrin and his henchman,
Jere Burke.
If Mayor Schmitz' desires to be fur
nished with the proof of the charges
against Mahony, The Call is ready to fur
nish them at any time.
The Call also charges Mahony with hav
ing borrowed money and promising as a re
turn to appoint a certain man to a posi
tion in the County Clerk's office.
Mahony not only signed his name to a
document promising positions as depu
ties in the event of his election as County
Clerk, but he also entered Into . a deal
with a firm of salary warrant brokers to
throw the patronage of his office through
Crimmins to them in return for financial
support, in his recent campaign. ¦
If Mayor Schmitz Is prepared to uphold
the charter. The Call is ready to furnish
him with proof that County Clerk Bert
Mahony is totally unfit to hold office and
is guilty of offenses that warrant his re- %
moval from office. ,
and the State law by making
ante-election pledges of appointments of
deputies, have resulted In startling dis
coveries as the result of investigations
made by The Call.
THE deadlock In the office of the
County Clerk and the persis
tent rumors that Bert Mahony,
the recently elected head of the
office, had violated the charter
Reward to. Be Sole
Privilege of D s
coiinting: Salaries
Olsen. from all appearances, was a
large, portly man, but to-day he is hag
gard, emaciated and barely has strength
enough to stand alone. He is being care
fully nursed at the Larco home and will
Le all right in a few days. Both Olsen
arid Wallace lived in San Pedro, and the
former has a family residing there.
Olsen, with the hardiness of the Nor
wegian, Etlll clung to the wreck. Three
days after his companion • had' disap
peared he was picked up a short distance
beyond the kelp of Goieta, about eight
miles north of this place, by a fisherman
named Valdez, in the employ of Captain
Larco of this city. He was more dead
than alive and could have lasted but a
lew hours longer. He was quickly
brought to this city, where Captain Larco
took him to his home and everything was
clone for hla comfort.
Captain Olsen Is Rescued.
After two weeks of suffering Wallace,
the weaker of the two men, crazed by
hunger and exhaustion, gave up the
struggle and quietly slipped into the sea.
As the hours went by and the two* un
fortunate me,n were slowly dying of
thirst and hunger the wreck drifted
-eround the islands with the average cur
rents and entered the channel. ' To
leave the hulk in their condition meant
suicide, and they clung to the water
logged craft and fought death.
Both men climbed on the hull and
drifted with the wreck, in the hope of
being picked up by .a passing vessel.
What little provisions they had were
swept away and they were without food
or drink. Time and again as the boat
drifted with the tide their hopes ran high
as they approached shore, only to give
way f. despair as the tide changed. At
other times they approached rocky prom
ontories, expecting to be dashed to pieces
at any moment. Once or twice they saw
a distant sail and did their best to attract
attention, but all of no avail.
Olren and "Wallace were engaged in the
crawfishing business for a San Pedro
f:rm-ar.d had a fishing camp on Anacapa
Island. They had a good 37-foot gasoline
schooner, the Belle, in which they cruised
about the channel islands. Three weeks
age the two men left camp in their craft,
taking sufficient rations to last several
cajs, and went to the south of the Isl
ands. Seventeen days ago, according to
Oisen's story, they encountered a fearful
sea, which a much larger vessel could
not have withstood, and the launch was
capsized several miles from the nearest
point of land. She turned until she was
lying on her side and the masts were
level T.-ith the water.
_¦¦>'. Adrift en the Hulk.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 13.— For sev
enteen days, without food or drink an-1
at times drenched by heavy seas. Cap
tain Henry Olsen drifted in Santa Bar
bara Channel on the hulk of the wrecked
launch Belle. During two weeks of that
time Peter Wallace, his partner in the
ownership of the craft, was his com
panion; bvst the torture of thirst de
throned Wallace's reason and he com
mitted suicide three days before Captain
Olsen, himself "almost crazed; '-waVpicked
up eff shore, still clinging to his cap
sized cralt. The endurance of the ehip
wrccked man almost passes belief, and
he bids fair to recover rapidly from the
effects of his .horrible experience.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Companion of th.e Ship-wrecked Mar
iner Becomes Insane From
Suffering and Commits
Suicide.
"Without Food or Drink and
Drenched by Seas for
Seventeen Days.
Master of a Capsized
Launch Is Picked TJp
Almost Dead.
ON FLOATING
HULK NEARLY
THREE WEEKS
It can be readily understood why Wil
liam F.* Herrin is bo anxious to secure the
app'ointment of certain men as deputies
in the County." Clerk's office. Outside of
Herrin ia not interested in the appoint
ments of all the deputies in the County
Clerk's office, but he wants his selection?
in certain courts, as it is a useful weapon
for an attorney to have previous knowl
edge of -the drawing and make-up of trial
juries. '
Herrin and Crimmins wonder what is
the matter with Mahony and will insist
that Fitzgerald "be given his position
again, while, on all sides demands are be
ing made that Mahony keep hi3 promises
for appointments made during and since
the campaign.
then turned round after a few days and
told Fitzgerald to "go way back and sit
down."
Evidence of Guilt
Is Quickly Found
After Investigation
CHARTER GIVES TO CITY'S CHIEF EXECUTIVE
POWER TO REMOVE OFFICIALS FOR MISCONDUCT
Mayor Schmitz Says
He Is Prepared
to Gust Accused
PNEUMONIA
SCOURGING
THE CAMP
Tonopah's Death List
Already Numbers
Twenty.
Survivors Appeal to* Nevada
State Authorities for
Assistance.
Not Enough Well Persons Left In
the District to Care for the
Sick and Bury the
Dead.
Special Dijpatch to The Call.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 13.— In response t<
urgent appeals from Tonopah. the pneu
monia scourged mining camp. Secretarj
Lee of the State Board of Health left foJ
that place this morning to take actioi
on behalf of the State toward checking
the epidemic. The appeals from Tonopah
which came by telegraph, said that th»
plague had got beyond control, and asked
that the State authorities send medlca.
"assistance 'at "once!
The situation In the mining camp la ap
palling. ¦ During the past two weeks mori
than a score of persons have died anc
three times that number are ill. The epi
demic is of a most malignant type an<!
the victims expire after a few hours' Ill
ness. Medical men are unable to accoun 1
for the peculiar effect produced upon th»
Invalids, whose lungs appear to be pierced
and lacerated as though by sharp mineral
atoms in the atmosphere. Few of thosi
so far afflicted have recovered, and It it
feared that the death list wilF continue tc
grow at an alarming rate.
The epidemic has caused a panic in th«
camp and all stages are crowded wltt
men, women and children hurrying awaj
from the plague-stricken .spot. Report*
from Tonopah say that there are scarceij
enough well persons left to properly car.
for the sick and bury the dead. Betweer
the camp and the nearest railway sta
tion, forty miles distant, the road is con
stantly lined with miners and their fami
lies, hastening across country to escape
the death dealing epidemic. Some, un
able to engage conveyances, are traveling
on foot, carrying their belongings on theh
backs. Many did not even tarry Ions
enough to gather up more than their val
uables, leaving their household and othei
property to the mercy of thieves, should
any be hardy enough to visit the plagu«
spot.'
The sanitation of the camp is said tc
be very bad, and to this fact Is due. in a
great measure, the rapid spread of the
disease. Dr. Lee is instructed to take im
mediate measures to correct this evil, a*
well as to recommend other steps to be
taken by the. State.
Among the recent victims of the epi
demic was a former District Attornsy of
Lander County, who had been In Tonopab
but a few days.
One of the messages asking for assist
ance which came to the State authorities
was, from Railway Superintendent OdcHe.
Oddie recently went to the mining camp
with several hundred pounds of disin
fectants, with which it was hoped to
check the progress of the epidemic.
the political reasons, Herrin would find 11
most valuable to have deputy Counts
Clerks beholden to him, so that he could
secure advance Information as to th«
drawing, of jurors in the damage, libel
and other; suits wherein he "misrepre
sents" the Market street road and the
Southern Pacific Company.
With a man In office as County Clerk
who will protect the Interests of the public
and' not be dominated by a corrupt boss
and an attorney, - Herrin would, like
Othello, "find his occupation gone." 1
.While the storm and Is raging
in the office of the County Clerk, Mahony
keeps within doors and all Inquiries elicit
the answer that "Mr. Mahony is very
sick."
It is stated that : Mahony's ailment Is
what is known as "talkitis." He is suf
fering from a free. use of the vocal or
gans in making promises. to give out po
sitions in the County Clerk's office. The
only known cure for the ailment, accord
ing to records of previous cases, Is "retire
ment from public life ,for an indefinite
period." •
: Mahony _ is not likely to visit Butcher
town for some time to come,' for there are
lots of angry men in that district who de
sire to give the County Clerk a "heart to
heart talk." .
-When Mahony. was : making his cam
paign in Butchertown he ran across one
of the residents named Fitzpatrick. Fitz
patrick was 1 working in the Interests of
Dahlbender, who ran on the Democratic
ticket: for County Clerk. ¦ Mahony, prom
ised to give Fitzpatrick a position -as a
deputy if he would work for him Instead
of for Dahlbender. •'
•As Fitzpatrick had . considerable in
fluence In Butchertown, ho accepted the
offer made by Mahony, who,, in. conse
quence," recived a.»olid,,vote in the south
ern' district. Fitzpatfick la still looking
1. Continued on Pag© Tour*
KECKS A WOMAN
OTTO INSENSIBILITY
Bella Vista Brute Makes Murderous
Assault While Husband of
Victim Looks On.
.REDDING, Jan. 13.-Peter Coneva
stood by without remonstrance at
Bella Vista on Friday night and saw
Charles Gubatta beat and kick Mrs.
Coneva Into insensibility. Phystclans
say they can hold out no hope for Mrs.
Coneva's recovery. Her brutal assailant
hid In the brush and made his escape.
Bella Vista is a camp of the T*rry
Lumber Company. Gubatta and Coneva
worked there as coke shovelers for thh
B^ully ' Hill Mining and Smelting Com
pany. Gubatta was the guest of Coneva
and his .wife. On Friday Coneva quar
reled with his wife and threatened to
leave her. She clung to him. and aa ho
pushed her away she fell to the floor.
Gubatta set upon her and kicked her
about the abdomen and breast. The
woman's screams attracted John Falken,
a neighbor, who dragged Gubatta away
and gave him a terrific beating, with h'.a
fasts. Gubatta escaped to the brush and
has not since been seen.
. The' enraged people of " Bella Vista did
not report the assault until this after
noon, ~as they expected to find Gubatta
and. DunlahLJm thgrnaelyefc^ , ¦
1 a HE CALL is prepared to furnish Mayor Schmitz and the Grand Jury with information to prove that County Clerk Bert Mahony violated the law in the conduct of his recent campaign.
A document is in existence, signed by Mahony, in which he promised-to make ex-County Clerk W. A. Deane his chief deputy in consideration of Deane's withdrawal from the contest for nomination for County
Clerk. The document further shows that Mahony promised to give positions i to four of Deane's friends. :'' • ; . ,
The Call has also discovered that Mahony, through Boss Crimmins, secured financial aid from Bier and Regensburger, warrant brokers, promising the business of the County Clerk's office to the brokers
Other instances of promises of positions by Mahony have been brought to light, and the domination of the /County Clerk by Crimmins and Attorney William F. Herrin is clearly shown.
Mayor Schmitz last night stated that on the production of proof of the above charges against Mahony it would be his duty to remove the County Clerk and that he will do so. : V-
COUNTY CLERK MAHONY SIGNED PLEDGE
WHICH NOW SUBJECTS HIM TO REMOVAL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN * , FKAlSf CISCO, TUESDAY; ; JANUAEY - 14, 1903:
VOLUME XCI.— NO 45.
The San Francisco Call.To Cure a Cold " in' One Day
Taka Laxative. : , Bromo-Quinine ,;-Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if . it falls to cure
E. ,V» r . Grove's signature is on each. box. 25c.
, SAN JOSE. Jan. J 13. — The CooDer Ornitholog
ical Society of California, which has a member-'
ship among the , lovers , of birds all . over the
State, at ; its . annual meeting:, held 'at Santa
Clara, elected the following of fleers :- President,
Joseph Grinnel! of Palo Alto; senior .vice presi
dent, Charles R. % Keyes of Berkeley; -junior
vice president, E. H. Skinner of San: Jose: sec
retary and -business, manager, Chester.A. Bar-"
low. of Santa Clara." V . - * -:• I..-' - - \
> i'We> were shooting ducks on- the • shore
of Rlchardsons Bay. • Young McLeod, who
was unknown , to me -at the time, came
along with several companions; We talked
for a time. • My v partner," who' was a crip
ple,-took-possession of aduck that Me-*
Leod pretended -he was going 'to keep!
1 nis Incensed the -boy and he ; assaulted
my partner. < : I ; separated . then/ and Mc-
Leod and his companions "withdrew to a
bluff or embankment-above us. Then'they
commenced a bombardment'of rocks, and
I raised my- gun and,' shot .to scare them.
A,iT "¦ w . ere 'J l lons wkv :off '' and- 1 didn't
i think -the shot: would reach.'' :~- ¦-- "-•• ¦¦¦'¦
! SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 13.— Frank Hughes,
the boy that shot Ross McLeod at Sausa
lito yesterday, \ was ; brought to this - city
thla.morning by Constable Creed, and ar
raigned before Justice of the Peace Rod
den.; who fixed- his. bail at JIOM.' Dr/.Mays,
who j Is > attending {the wounded ' boy, says
that his 1 patienf will lose.'bis- right eye.
., Hughes when «seen | here - to-night : gave
his version of the story. He -is a young
looking boy of '19 years and keenly ieeb
luVpositlon. He said:- ; '¦¦ -¦
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 13.— In order t<>
gain experience in putting out fires and
thereby make himself eligible for a place
which he Bought in the fire department,
Earl Sherman, a Sacramento lad, touched
a match to several pieces of property and
kept the fire apparatus . on the run. : -
On the night of January 2 the barn of
John T. Wilson, on an alley-off .M street,
was burned and one of the 1 horses which
it sheltered was incinerated. A few
Wghts ago fire was discovered in the rear
of the Ixion saloon, on Second street, and
shortly thereafter the department was
called out to subdue a blaze in the rear
of Lewis' saloon at Second and L streets.
Detective Fitzgerald and Officer Naghel
ascertained that young Sherman • had.
been at the scene of each conflagration
and had worked energetically - to extin
guish the flames. Sherman • had applied
to Chief of Police Sullivan ; for the - tet
ter's influence in obtaining ror him > a
place as a fireman,' and it was concluded
that the young man had undertaken a
course of setting fires so as to be able to
learn .the science 1 of putting them out.''" ¦
This afternoon Sherman made a confes-
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding' Piles.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorised
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment .to, refund
money where It fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases In fourteen days.
One application . gives ease and rest. Relieves
, itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure no pay. . > A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one sending, name and ad
dress. • Price, 80c. If .your druggist -don't keep
it In stock send 60c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by 'mall. Manufactured ' by
PARIS j MEDICINE CO.; St. I Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture " ' the • celebrated cold cure, N
Laxative Bromo-Qu! nine .Tablets. > ¦¦: \. 7. ' i
Piles Cured "Without the Knife.
Becomes an Incendiary
to Gain Reputation
as Fireman.
Lad Says Shot at
>¦; Young; McLeod to
v "M ; Scare Him.
¦i MODESTO. Jan. 13.— The voters of Mo
desto Irrigation District held an
tc-day ¦ upon the proposition of funding
the bonds of the district for forty years
at 5 per cent. r Returns have not yet been
received from three country preclnct3, but
it is safe to say that the proposition car
ried by a large majority. Only twenty
four votes were cast against it in the sec
ond and third divisions. ¦•: -v.-.-- - . ;<•-:¦-•
Irrigation District Election.
HUGHES TELLS
OF HIS CRIME
sion to the officers, saying that after Bet
ting a fire he would. wait until. it got a
good start, turn in an alarm and then
help extinguish It. He. has been- locked
up pending examination. . . -
The presentation of "Horatius" Ito-night
marked the beginning of a series of so
cial affairs among the women's > clubs.
To-morrow afternoon, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
a reception to Miss Woods and Mx. Warde'
will be held in the Senate Chamber of the
State Capitol, tendered for the purpose by
Secretary of State Curry. The'organiza
tions which will participate are the Tues-
Reception to the Author.
in respect to scenic effects lefflittle to be
desired by the hundreds who had gath
ered to witness its first production in Cali
fornia. Mr. Warde's rendition of the role
of Horatius was well seconded by the ef
forts-of Charles D. Herman in a leading
part. • : ' ¦¦¦¦» .
YOUNG FIREBUG
ADMITS GUILT
The play Is constructed along heroic
lines and gives Mr. Warde free scope to
exercise his powers as a tragedian. The
climaxes are spirited, and the elaborate
manner in. which the play was produced
before an Immense audience. All
of the local literary and social clubs of
women, in which Miss Woods is promi
nent, were represented in large numbers,
while the audience was swelled by many
visitors from outside communities.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— Frederick
Warde and his company to-night
presented Miss Virna Woods' play,
"Horatius," in the Clunie Theater
An orchestra and band of thirty pieces
will provide the music, in addition to the
children's bands which will be present
from. Stockton, Vallejo and other points
aurinjr the week.
In one sense of the word the Carnival
will partake of a regular exposition or
fair, inasmuch as come of the leading
firms of the city have taken space for
exhibits. ' There will be cafes, refresh
ment stands and other similar features
providing for the comfort of the visitors'
The Carnival will be open daily Sun-
Jay excepted. from 1 o'clock until 11
o'clock at night Arrangements are being
made for special military days and days
(or the various Institutions of the city
especially for children's organizations. A
lew musical composition called "He Was
1 Xative Son,*-' .which has been dedicated
jo the Flrsf Infantry, N. G. C, will be
»layed and sung for the first time on the
ipening night of the Carnival. Soldiers
Kill take part in the production, ,-. which
«-lll be illustrated by colored stereopticon
'lews.
In addition to these, under the direction
of Mr. F. E. Pratt, a number of very
handsome cheese cloth and bunting
booths will be erected. They will be oc
cupied by societies/and by children pre
senting tales from Mother Goose melo
dies, the children being attired in char
acter costumes.
An airship is being built, to be operated
t>y wire cables and carry passengers to
the roof of the building. It was one of
the biggest successes at the Pan-Ameri
can Exoosition. There will also be a
cable railway for children and machines
for riding, to be known as the Rocky
Road to Fairyland: a miniature railwav
and automobile (electric) . for carrying
Jiassengers, and other pleasure attrac
tions. Along one side ot the building will
oe nlaced some seven clever little Juve
nile shews. There will be a theater seat
tng about 3000, with scenery painted
especlall>v<for the occasion, where will be
riven a ballet called "The Storm," lntro-
Sucing about 300 children.
Mecnanlcs' Pavilion the evening of Sat
urday, February i>th, and continues for
one week (Sunday excepteti), is so far ad
vanced as to give some ided. of the mag
nitude of the undertaking. The entire
Pavilion will be used, the main floor being
occupied with booths built in the form
of scenic structures. All of the sixteen
targe pieces of scenery used in the Ger
man fair recently held in Turn Verein
have been secured and will be touched
up and arranged for industrial and dem
onstrating exhibits by leading firms of
the city. This will form a village of
booths, making a very beautiful adorn
ment for the interior of the Pavilion.
The Coming Carnival.
The work of^ preparing booths and the
targe stage for the forthcoming Juvenile
Fairyland Carnival, which opens in the
day, Club, the Saturday Club, the Kings
ley Art Club; the La'dies'. Museum Asso
ciation, the Derthick Club and the several
Griggs .literary circles.' In addition to the
members of these 'clubs' the teachers in
the public schools ; will -. be present. The
Senate Chamber is' being decorated for
the : event, and there will be orchestral
music. The boards of directors of the
several clubs; will manage the event.
Prior to the reception Miss .Woods -will
entertain- Mr. Warde'and his company at
dinner. .. -
"Horatius" a Quick Success. •
Miss Woods Is one of the most talented
teachers In the public schools of Sacra
mento. She has long been a contributor
to the leading magazines, her sketches de
scriptive of romantic phases of California
life enjoying a wide popularity. She has
written several novels that have attracted
much attention. Her recent work, "An
Elusive Lover," has been- very successful,
and an English edition has been issued.
Her, desire had long been to write a
drama, since she' deemed that the highest
type of literary achievement, and the re
sult was "Horatius," which she submitted
to Mr." Warde, and which he accepted It
was first played at- Newport 1 News. Va.,
last summer and then in New Orleans and
other -Southern cities. The press gener
ally received it with favor and compli
mented the author upon the classic qual
ity, of her work. ..;. • -.,. .,
SAN ANDREAS. Jaiu 13.— The Bullion
mine at Indian Creek has been "jumped."
This mine is generally known as Thomas
Caruthers' claim and has been a good pro
ducer. The legal process was conducted
by three or four contestants, but W. H.
Clary Jr. of Stockton and Paul Loeffler
appeared to be In charge to-day. The
Edna mine, with mill site, near San An
dreas, owned by Stephen White of Oak
land, was "jumped" to-day by John
Amon for alleged failure to tile an affida
vit of labor en January L
Calaveras Mines "Jumped."
MILLIONS FOB SOUTHERN
3 CALIFORNIA PRODUCERS
mated at Twenty Thousand
Carloads.
This Season's Citrus Crop. Is Esti-
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 13.— Southern Cali
fornia will ship a total of 20,000 cars of
citrus fruit during the present season.
The new crop is expected to fall short
more than 4000 cars of the output last
year. The estimated shipment of vege
tables will aggregate 2000 cars. The crop
of Southern California products is ex
pected to bring about $12,000,000. This in
cludes citrus and deciduous fruits, vege
tables and walnuts.
CROCKETT, Jan. 13.— G. "W. Johnson,
second mate of the ship James Kerr, was
killed by a Southern Pacific train at Poit
Costa yesterday. Johnson had Joined the
ship at Antwerp only six months ago.
He was a splendid seaman and much ad
mired by officers and crew. He was 27
years of age and- a native of London
The body was . removed to Martinez by
Coroner .Carry. . .
Kerr Loses His Life in Port
[ i.: 1 ,' Costa.
Second Mate Johnson of the James
SEAMAN IS STRUCK
AND KILLED BY TBAIN
Sherman's Slayer a Maniac.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Harry Elliott, who
shot and killed J. W. Sherman in a North
Market street resort, is evidently insane
and he has been removed Into the apart
ment for insane prisoners at the County
Jail. Ever since his arrest he has been
acting queerly. Yesterday he made an
attack on Jailer Dreischmeyer. He sprang
at the Jailer and fought like a demon and
it was only after a hard struggle that he
was quieted. .- ' '. • ~ ' •-
REDOXDO, Jan. 13.— The four-year-old
son ¦ of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Francis of
tliis place is dead from the effects of eat
ing poisoned cake, intended for rats. The
child found the cake, which had been
dosed with strychnine, on a table and
ate heartily of It. He was soon after
taken with convulsions and died in a few
hours.
Child Eats Poisoned Cake.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 13.— Superintendent
Joseph Bithell of the Queen of the Hills
mine in the Ophir region, died at the
Holy Cross Hospital in this city to-day
as the result of injuries sustained in the
mine last Friday. Bithell was struck by
a runaway train car on a steep incline.
His scalp was torn •from his head and
one of his ribs was forced through his
lungs by tho force of the impact.
Superintendent of a Mine Is Killed.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 13.— Since the
heavy gales. of December 3 and 4 and. those
of December 25 and 26, news of the find
ing of wreckage has been from time to
time brought to this city, -but heretofore
nothing has been learned of the identity
of the vessels that were destroy ea by the.
winter gales. It was known that some ot.
the wreckage wa3 from th© lost collier
Mattea*wan, ' and the abandoned; bark
Highland Light, in all probability, con
tributed to the debris found on the west
erly jjortlon of the coast.
Now comes news from. Alberni, from
which point it was brought by the steam
er Queen City, of the finding of wreckage
from the upturned craft already reported,
with letters "L. Paint." Another dis
patch says the name of the upturned ves
sel was "Annie L. Paint.' *v Much wreck
age, has been found by "W. P. Daykin,
the lighthouse keeper at Carmanah Point,
and among that which has drifted into
the beaches contiguous to Carmanah is
some which bears the letters "L. Paint."
Included in this is a piece of the hatch
combings of the schooner, painted red,
with the tonnage marked on It, showing
that the lost vessel which had turned tur
tle during- the storm, was of seventy-five
tons.
Nothing has been heard anywhere along
the coast of the crew of the upturned
vessel, which was seen by the steamer
Queen City on her present trip. Coating
between Carmanah Point and Point
Renfrew, at the entrance, to the strait3.
Other wreckage, consfslingr of two doora,
three oars, one life preserver and a medi
cine chest, has been found near Neah
Bay.
Records of shipping, both Britisn and
American, and the lists of vessels owned
on the Pacific Coast include no schooner
or other small craft with the name "L.
Paint" or any very similar name, other
than that of the sealing schooner Annie
E. Paint, which is now at her wharf In
the upper harbor,- preparing for her seal
ing 1 cruise. - - - -
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 13.— The Brlg
fcam Young Academy South American
exploring expedition has been abandoned
and the members, of the expedition re
quested to return. The party composed
of students of the academy, headed by
Professor duff, has spent many months
in the Central and South American coun
tries examining the flora and fauna of re
gions hitherto practically unknown to sci
ence, and has made many I valuable dis
coveries. The war conditions of late,
however, have bo interf erred with their
work that the members have been forced
to abandon all idea of finishing it and
v.ill return to the United States.
"War Conditions in Central and South
American Countries Compel
Members to Beturn.
EXPLOSING PARTY UNABLE
TO COMPLETE ITS WORK
Mystery Veils Identity
of Lost Craft and
Crew.
GALES DESTROY
STRANGE VESSEL
As stated in these dispatches last night,
Mary Loren* . . to-day, filed complaints
against those members of the Grand Jury
who failed to indict certain members of
the lynching party known . to have been
implicated in the murders on the night of
May 31. She has already sworn to one
complaint, charging them with the.mur
der of Calvin Hall, and in the complaint
filed to-day charges them with the murder
of Frank Hall. James Hall, Daniel Yantis
and Martin Wilson. - . -
The Grand Jury has held nine sessions. They
have raked and scraped every possible source
for evidence against the people of Lookout.
The methods of the trained head-hunters have
been combined with the arts of the faker and
the mountebank, and. yet they could or did not
find enough evidence to indict -the other eight
men. But Harrington deemed himself the bet
ter judge and held them for examination. The
fact of the matter is it begins to. look like
persecution rather than an earnest/ desire to
vindicate the law and punish those 'guilty of
a crime.
The action of the Grand Jury is rather puz
zling, hi so much as there was the same evi
dence - against all of the men, and Just how
a part of them could be Indicted and others ac
quitted we cannot understand, unless. Indeed,
there was a pull somewhere, and how;. Claude
Brown- and Sam Parks sot off with one Indict
ment, .while the others were held under five
counts, is also something of a mystery.
Referring to the fact that the Grand
Jury of Modoc County failed to return In
dictments against some of those residents
of this section who are known to have
taken an almost active part in the lynch
ing of Calvin Hall, his sons James and
Frank, Daniel Yantis and Martin Wilson,
the Alturas Plain Dealer will say:
Editor Launches an Opinion.
Spencer attempted to Introduce a boot
Into the evidence, asking Hutton if it was
the boot worn by Knox on the night of
the lynching, but the court refused to ad
mit the Question, saying It was next to
impossible for, any witness- to identify a
boot after so 'many months; that it was
possible that wear and tear would change
its appearance. Hutton had testified that
Knox had worn boots with extra heavy
soles and this testimony caused Raker to
leave the courtroom during the short re
cess, returning with the boot.
He said that Colburn had declared during
the walk from the school house to the ho
tel: • "I'll soon get even with Dan Yan
tls." Isom Eades was credited with having
said- that he would soon "get even" with
the man who stole his barbed wire.
Trainmen are inclined to believe Ma
gTilre'B story fully and that lie averted
the worst passenger wreck of years on
the northern line. .
Shortly before midnight Maguire was
awakened by the heavy blows of a ham
mer. He could distinguish the figure of
a man working at the switch. The light
had been extinguished. Maguire watchel
the fellow drive the switch arm back with
the hammer and throw the track opeu.
Then he crawled out and called to the cu!>
prit. The latter dropped his hammer and
ran. His retreating foosteps seemed to
be joined by others in tuc darkness.
Maguire found the locks had been tam
pered with and then' broken and he sur
mised that the man must be a train
wrecker. He knew that the south-bound
Oregon express would come thundering
along in an hour, and, unable to fix the
switch himself, he set out at a run in the
direction from which the train would
come.
Maguire is a workingman in hard luck.
He told a straightforward story. He said
he was ¦walking the track all day Sunday
and when night overtook him he found
a pile of - ties at the Soto switch and
crawled under them. .
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Jan. 13.— Either J. H. Ma
eruire. tramp, Is a counterfeit hero or else
he saved ,the south-bound Oregon express,
vrlth Its hundreds of sleeping passenger*,
from disaster at Soto, a switch a few
miles below Vina. At 1 o'clock this morn
ing Maguire, ' hatless and out of breath,
halted a special freight train as it left
Vina and declared that the Soto switch
was set for a wreck. A crew was sent on
the engine to the switch and found it wide
open. There were marks of a poorly fit
ting key on the lock, and this had been
supplemented by the use of a sledge. The
track had been forced out eo that a train
speeding along would have left the rails
and gone into the ditch.
". Special -Dispatch to The Call. •
ALTURAsJjan.. 13.— Attorney JohnVE.
Raker, ,who, ¦ since the beginning: of .the
j trial of OTames -W. Brown, the alleged
j Lookout lyncher,.ha§..bQen a.thorri.in.tbe
. side of Superior Judge Harrington, was
to-day put out "of the case. Judge Har-.
ring'ton announced that it was impossible
'I to compel, the: lawyer to ; "act: anywhere
j near, iike'-a.-gentlemari," jj and, wearying
1 of the constant strife, he "finally ordered
Raker to withdraw,' ; ;:;.'¦ :
j the morning session 'John Hut
| ton was 5 twice ordered, from the witness
j stand! by. Judge Harrington on account
of the "ungentle'ftiahly; and unprofessional
¦ conduct" of Raker, as Judge Harrington
! put it, and shortly before the noon recess,
! after a. somewhat exciting debate,- Judge
j Harrington ordered Raker to cease the
cross-examination for refusing to obey
the order of the court as to his method
of framing questions. Spencer took up
the examination and his style of question
ing, was so subdued and quiet that the
change was restful to those in the court
. i after the fiery demeanor of Raker.
The defense asked that two witnesses,
J. O. Boothe and P. H. Harth of Grants
Pass, Or., be placed on the stand to tes
tify to the character of Brown. They' told
of his good reputation during his resi
dence in prants Pass from 1893 to 1896.
! Both gentlemen bore certificates as to!
j their own character from the Chief Jus- \
tice of the Supreme Court of Oregon, but
on objection by Assistant Attorney Gen- ;
eral Post for the prosecution Judge Har- [
¦ rington ruled, they be not admitted,, say
ing that "the reputation of the Chief Jus
tice of Oregon might be much worse than
that of the witnesses," and that his wprd
could have no weight as the reputations
of/the witnesses was not involved. The
court added that their "personal appear
once -stamped them as gentlemen."
Harrington Rebukes Baker.
Huttoh was recalled and Raker asked
him if Daniel >Miller had not been teach
ing him his lesson. An objection being
sustained Raker tried another tack, Post
-again objecting to Raker's disobedience;
of . the court's instructions. Judge Har- i
rin^ton said: . • ...
• "Objection sustained. Mr. Raker is not
j. the man who will obey the ruling of. the \
court if he can avoid it." ¦ . * ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ -.
j Raker took an exception to the remarks
j of the court. . •
j Much time was spent going over the old
ground, many objections being made by
; the prosecution . and sustained. . Judge
(Harrington admonished Raker not to,
! "manufacture words." and the remark !
'¦ called forth an objection -from Judge Har- :
' ris, • for . the defense. , Judge . Harrington ;
H interrupted the argument of . Judge Har- ;
a ris, which called forth a remark that the ;
"• Judge Was old enough to know, better than
! to Interrupt, for which Harris j was or
j dered "put of the court.' .- . . • ¦ »" ¦' .
I - When the case resumed Harris was
i again admitted. Raker asked the wit-
L ness if he had ever said he would help !
"in 'the lynching. Post objected that the
question had been answered many times.
Raker. said in argument: Z :.
"Ain't I entitled to show every word
he (Hutton) utters is false? "That every
Mme he opens his mouth he makes a cqn
trad'etion, and that he is being paid
for it?" - ' .
Hutton said that s he had testified .that
he had. said that he "guessed" he would
participate in the lynching. ' Raker again
sai'd Hutton had been working for , the
j prosecution for * months, being paid
I "You say that again," said the court,
j "and I will .order the witness from the
i stand." ' :
,! Hutton denied that he had ever tried to
induce any one to take a hand in the
lynching. In answer to Raker's ques
tioning he said . regarding the men
lynched: .
"They had never done me any wrong
and I was friendly with them."
Post again protested against the meth
od of asking questions, and Raker made
the claim that Post was making innnmer
able objections to delay the' case, where
! upon the court ordered Hutton from the
stand. ¦
Judge .; Quotes Original Law. "ry
Hutton was recalled and Raker was ad
monished to get his evidence by direct
j questions and answers only.'
I "You are fishing for questions," said
Judge Harrington, "and the law says you
must not fish unless you have good bait."
Hutton then went over the ground from 4
the time he and Claude Morris sat on
Trowbridge's porch until they joined
Potter and Leventon. Judge , Harris
asked that the. court direct the witness
to look at the jury. Post objected, -and
! Harris, asked that a sack be. put over the
! witness' head and also over Post's.
Hutton was asked if he remembered the
! conversation between them when they
met. " Hutton said,. "No." Raker, de
clared this reply was in direct contradic
tion to what Hutton had «ald in his con
fession." 'A dispute followed- and Judge
Harrington became angry and ordered the
witness from the stand. Raker said tha^
they had not finished with the witness,
to whichi Harrington replied: **
VRaker, shut your mouth. I am sick
of , your ungentlemanly conduct on the
part of the defense." .
"Shall we call the next witness?
a^ked Post. ¦ " :¦ ¦ : ¦'•
The question brought forth, a fiery pro
test ¦ from Raker, and , the court; rising,
said, pointing his finger at Raker: . ;
"Mr. Spencer is attorney on record in
this case, and I will not stand this con
duct any more. I will put you put. of
the case." ¦ \ ' V ,/.
t "J realize that a man can-shoot me If
S he' wants to," retorted Raker.
"No one spoke of shooting," said the
court. ' "Mr. Spencer can take the wit
ness and no, one else.
Spencer then took the witness. He put
questions In easily understood language.
Nothing of importance was brought- out
during the rest of .the morning sessions
Spencer's Tame Questioning. :
This afternoon's session was tiresome".
Spencer continued his cross-examination
of Hutton. i' His method lacked the Intri
cacies usually apparent In the procedure
of Raker. The examination was very
'slow and the conclusion Spencer desired
to reach was not evident. before the ad
journment. The session was ¦ unusually
peaceful, objections being few and far be
¦ tween, and the unpleasant controversies
so ' frequent' when Raker was conducting
,' the examination were, almost ; entirely
i lacking. • . •. - *, , ¦ .>
¦ Hutton's ability as a witness was again
demonstrated, he answering most of the
i questions put to him clearly, but with his
usual "caution. •.*•*•', .•'
, Hutton : stated that the' town ; party of.
lynchers,- composed :• of Morsis, Potter,'
; Lev'enton.'Hichard Nichols *• and -Samuel'
'. Parks, waited at the school j ' house ¦" for
• about an hour for the arrival of the couh
i try: party, which was: composed -of R.;E.:
, Leventon, Isom : Eades, Fred Roberts,
. Harry Roberts, Claude Brown, •; Claude
Marcus,* Louis Polmonter, Jerve Kresge,
i Orln Trowbridge, ; Henry Knox.W.-J.Mc
• Daniels and A. L. Colburn. •-
Judge Spencer devoted almost the entire
afternoon to" examining the witness as to
how he became/ certain as to -the Identity
of the "country party," who appeared ' at
the' school house .masked with; barley
sacks, into which had been cut" eye holes,
breathing holes and ' ; arm holes. < Hutton
said that he identified 'the. party by their
general appearance, • carriage ¦ and voices.
Surprises Culprit Who Is Tampering
With, a Switch and Buns Long
Distance to Give the
Alarm.
Proceedings Grow 'Tame* When the
Kre-Eating Cpunsel ; •
• Takes v'a- Back;; _
; :¦'¦ ¦:-"':': Seat. . ">¦'¦ I ¦>"¦! '
Vina Station.
Prevents the Ditching of the
Oregon Express Near
Orders the, Attorney! for the
Alleged liyBchers to ";;
;-.. ''',"',:> Retire.'^-: ¦¦;' "• >*i.
Homeless Tourist Saves
the Lives of Many
Passengers.
Judge Harrington Tires
of Bickering -With .v
'.Raker. I: -;.'•
COURT PUTS
LAWYER OUT
OF THE CASE
WRECKERS
ARE FOILED
BY TRAMP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,; JANUARY 14, 1902.
Fashionable Audience in Sacramento Witnesses thie First California
Presentation of the
Golden State and Applauds of the Talented: Author
FREDERICK WARDE PLAYS LEADING
ROLE IN VIRNA WOODS' "HORATIUS"
CALIFORNIA -WRITER WHOSE
"HORATIUS"" -HAS SCORED A
GREAT SUCCESS.
2
Mrs. Pinliham invites all sick wonien.to write her for advice*
'Sh.© has guided thousands to healf.h. A«*«?r<**«u J>mn. Mass. *;.£•,%¦'
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed, or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea,, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, 'that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude,
excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-
gone " and -" want-to-be-left-alone," feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. I^ydia E.
Pinkham- s Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you need the best.
v ice-presiaent
Chicago; Pros and Gons Glub,'Tells How
-^^^^B^p^d^0^^k^^^j^^^m for
by : ; Taking : Lydia E.
Pinkfem's Vegetable Compound. •
\ tl Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I : feel that words are but feeble to
express a heart's gratitude, when there" is so much to be thankful for
as ' I have. I suffered with" womb trouble . for five years, and our*
. family physician said an operation was needed ; but I dreaded it, and
: reading, of liydia E." Pinkham's "Vegetable Compound one
day I decided to give it a trial first. To my great joy I found'that after
four months' treatment I was strong and well ; I experienced no pain or
trouble, and the ¦ Compound built up my entire system. I shall
always bless the day I started to take your medicine ; it proved my
greatest good." — Miss Sophie Bonham, 281 Oak St., Chicago, HI. !
$5000 FORFEIT IF. THE ABOVE I^ETTER IS XOT GENUINE.
HAIL TO MEN! I
{¦ y Even untb\pld age you may feel the <!
jfJ. vigor of youth, with its light heart, i!
$$^% If /r-^ c^ ast^ c s *ep, courage and \
W$$J^~ -*^*£^* tireless energy. You :
JOT may be free from pains ¦
£a!k I \ JGb*^^ anc * ac^ es aIK * ddy your years
¦ : Ja " T nere ls a fountain of perpetual youth, and ;
7|l|s£§b$M'{tfi vou have onIv *° rea ch out your hand and take
£SmXfl||ffi|ir it. You can drink of it until your heart shouts
ijmfiffiffiz&i wit h gladness, and with all your might you will
flPPtfa/ / (|gk proclaim, as other men have,
Jm;/k "I Am a Man!" !
* HP* I A $**U LJke the Slants of old, you can be in your prime
jr /Sgft P3w at ®* — strong, vigorous and full of youthful enthu-
W ¦'/j&Sm WL ¦ Mr - John Page. Boulder Creek/ Cal.. writes, after
/ /yx&BJm /i*w5w - wearing Dr. . McLaughlin'a Electric Belt: "I hav© no
JJ / aches or pains now, and the varicocele has disappeared.
r (I ¦ Qtrtf^t--h,«Kj-?1& I dl d not think it possible for me to obtain relief from
'•' *> I *»C***S >J»fr my sufferings, but the Belt has surprised me. I feel a» ¦ *
!\ V*^Jfa^TywW£&&- young as I did thirty years ago, and nothing could lnduca \
~~**~~ It. cure3 Rheumatism, Lame Back. Sciatica. '
Lumbago, Kidney and Stomach Troubles quickly. ;
Call and see It to-day, or send for free book about it. I will send It sealed < '
if you .send this ad. Httk' I
Dp M C MpTfliio*hlin l702MaPk8tst;Cor * Kearn y I
* • %J * 1U -'-' JL *«'Ug;llllll, (Lotto's Fountain). San Francl»c«. |
I }. ¦;,' .Office hours— 8 A; M/ to 8:20 P. 31.; Sundays, 10 to>L ir>) ||
NEVER; SOLD ELY. DRUO STORES OR AGENTS. r\Selections for To-Day.
First race^ —Plead, Merops. First Shot.
Second race—Colonial Girl, JaxTetlerre d'Or,
Killdoe.
Third race —Hudson. Montezuma, Venecia,
Fourth race^ —Headwater.' Cbnstellator, Rey
Dare.
Fifth ra«e^ —Brass, Trraaas, Pat Morrissey.
Sixth racve—Sir Lewis, Autumn Time, Com
ing Kvent.
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
3105 Col Ballnt3rne.HO 30S4 Ned Dennis.. .11!)
3122 Autumn Tlme.101 3117 Kl Mldo 119
3122 Sir Lewis 104 3114 Bassenzo 101
3066 Coming Event.117 (3118)Rose of. HU0..117
3119 Go Out 122 3118 King Dellls ..122
3036 Mldnt Chbne3.117 3118 Parsifal llti
\ FRANKFORT^ • Ky.'<. Jan. - 13.— The ' Senate
to-day adopted Senator Byron's resolution com
mending .Admiral Schley and inviting: him to
address th» General Assembly.- - •;. . . .-_• . ,.
Of a total of 319,243 cases imported By
S.« e r thirty "brands.. G.'H. MUMM'SEX
TRA DRT aggregated 120,359 cases, nearly
tAOOC cases more than any other brand.
Particular attention is, called. to the qual
ity, of this wine; it, is very, dry and. re
sembles the famous 1S89 vintage, being
more delicate and breedy than the 3S93.
Immense reserves guarantee the main
tenance of quality. .- ¦- : , -."
Champagne Imports in 1901.
• The preliminary examination of the boy
George Caldarella for assault to murder
in shooting his uncle, Filippo Caldarella,
659 Howard street, on November 14, and of
his brother' Michael, on a similar charge
for ehooting at Policeman Jlackey on the
same day, was concluded before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday .afternoon and both
were held to answer before the Superior
Court- . -
Caldarella's Hearing Reopens.
The .document is already framed and
will be filed some time this week. Tho
Railroad Commissioners .will attempt to
show that the oil rate which they fixed
is not unreasonably low. and that i the
railroad company can make a good profit
hauling oil from Bakersfleld^to this city
at the rate fixed. , . . :¦ ...
The Railroad Commissioners will short
ly, through Attorney. General Ford, file a
demurrer and answer to the petition of
injunction of the Santa Fe Railway in the
United States District Court. -
Santa Fe's Petition for an In
junction.
Will File' Answer and Demur to
ATTORNEY GENEB-AIi :_ FORD *
BEPEESENTS COMMISSION
Donald Erskine, a ladies' tailor, and
secretary of the Quaker meetings held in
this city, was put on the stand by Chey
ney's counsel and described the form of
marriage used by the . Quakers. - ' .
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Antonio/ Perera against Susanna
Perera for cruelty, Carrie Mabel Miller
against John W. Miller for' cruelty, Ethel
B. . Jackson against Francis L. G. Jack
son for cruelty and Delia S. - Weston
against W. H. Weston . for cruelty. -
• The cross-examination of Samuel W.
Cheyney, who is being sued for mainte
nance by Maud N«ytll; who claims to be
his wife, was resumed in Judgre ¦ SIoss'
court yesterday. Gheyney .denied ever
goipg through the Quaker marriage cere
mony with Miss Nevill, and said 1 that the
only time he and the fair, defendant ever
knelt in prayer together was when they
both knelt and prayed for strength to re
sist the desire for morphine, to the use
of which Miss Nevill was addicted.
Says He Knelt ' Only to ¦ Pray for
Strength for His Alleged
Wife. -¦:*?•..-.
The Pacific Amateur Athletic Associa
tion notified the Board of Supervisors yes
terday that it had suspended, the Bay City
and the San Francisco Athletic clubs for
violating the : rules/ of .' the organization^'
Thft board -was asked not. to issue permits
to. the clubs. ¦¦ ..*-¦-. .,.-..¦..<••.:
The Tosemite. Athletic Club is ! In' the
field and will make a strong -bid for the
patronage of the ring-goers of this city
during the coming year. Yesterday Harry
Corbett,' treasurer of the club; called upon
the License Collector and paid over. $1200
for the privilege of | bringing ; off t contests.
The club has asked for the February per
mit from the Board of Supervisors. . ilf it
succeeds , in getting it the winner • of '; the
Root-Gardner fight , will be matoliod
against "Wild Bill" Hanrahan. or some
other clever middle-weight: - ."• -. : :.yr\ <¦;
The' San Francisco Athletic Club • will*
-hold its regular monthly boxing exhibition
next Friday night. The card - Is 3 as : fol
lows: 1 . :>-£:.-:';. ¦:¦'¦'¦ ¦ • ¦¦'¦»"¦•»..¦'.-• ¦.¦•;•
:DlckCullen vs. : John Crowell," 105 wounds;
Blll-Conley vs. Kid Parker, -115; Dan .Sullivan
vs- Mike Fay, 124: Mike Heart vs. Joe Regan.
'125: Toung .Kid McFadden vs. Ed Flnerty
122; Frank Wall vs. Kid Forman, 128; Charles
Peterson v?. Jack Bean, . 13S; . Charles Hawley
vs. Tom Burns,- 145. . • • , .
Amount— Amateur Associa
tion Suspends Clubs. \
Treasurer Corbett Files the Necessary
YOSEMTTE, CLTJB : TAKES.
OTJT ' BOXING UOENSE
CHEYNEY DENjIES THAT
HE MARRIED MISS NEVTLL
, Racing . Results ' in New Orleans.-;
NEW ORLEANS, *Jan. 13.— Crescent City
summary: • ¦ ' ¦ • \
First race, one mile, selling — Robert Bonner
won, Aaron ¦ second, ' Bequeath third. .- Time,
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Little Jack
Homer won, B. G. Fox second. Free Coinage
third. Time, 1:1*: " . ,
Third race, steeplechase, short bourse — Dagr
mar won, Mr. Rose second, Harve B third.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Little Emmy
won.' Garter Ban second,' 'Albert F. -Dewey
third. Time. 1:27.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth; selling—
Mr. Phlnlsey won. Uttle Elkln second, Joe
Doughty third. ¦¦• Time,' 1-:B5. ¦-.. • • -. •• .
Sixth race, one mile, selling— El Ghor won.
Star Cotton second, Lazarus third. #Tlme,
1:41%. ' "'• -¦ •••¦••'."
How much reduction in th© internal rev
enue tax on beer and whisky would be al
lowed no one was able to predict but 'it
is generally agreed that the stamp tax on
collateral . put up as security for loans
which the Attorney General haa decided
must be paid : under the law, will be re
pealed. .
The Ways and Means - Committee will
take up this question after the Cuban
fight gets before the House, and it is said
to-day that a very large majority of that
committee is now in favor of taking off
the war taxes. •
Representatives Cannon and McCall also
expressed views that such a reduction
could be made without any injury to the
Government. -
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— It has been
decided by the leaders of the House that
a. material reduction in the war revenue,
if not an absolute repeal, can be made. A
Republican caucus on thl» matter will be
held within two weeks, according to the
present programme. Chairman Payne of
the "Ways and Means Committee came to
Washington at the beginning of. the ses
sion with the intention of using his influ
ence to reduce the war revenue, but what
he could do in the matter he was then un
able to say. To-day, however, he ex
pressed a firm belief, that a majority of
the House would be in favor of a substan
tial reduction.
Special Dispatch to' The Call
Leaders of the House to
Decide on Plan in
Caucus.
Dr. J. A. Frame, the cashier, also re
ceived a slight blow . on the head. A
better time for the robbery could»not have
been chosen. The manager and his as
sistants were counting the money that
had been received during the day, and as
betting- on the last . race ceased at about
6:30 p. m., only the employes remained.
Jimmy Driscoll, an employe who did not
readily comply with the command to lie
dowa, received a heavy. blow on the head
with a revolver from one of the rob
bers. His skull was fractured.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 13.-Two
young men of slight build, with hand
kerchiefs tied across th'e lower portion
of their faces, entered Harry B." Chick's
poolroom at 907 Baltimore avenue, a block
in the center of the city, at 7 o'clock to
night, and with drawn revolvers com
manded the proprietor, cashier and three
other employes who were in the place to
lie down on the floor, secured between
$1500 and $2500 and escaped. A third man,
supposed to be a confederate, but not
masked, guarded the entrance while the
robbery was committed.
Fortune, f.
Young Men Rob Chicago
Resort of a Small
WILL REDUCE
WAR REVENUE
The score. at the end of the eighth hour
to-night was: .Leahder of Chicago and
Rutze of New Haven , . Monroe \ of Mem
phis and McEachern of Canada, Freeman
of Portland and Maya of .Cleveland, Gou-\
goltz of France and Wilson of Pittsburgh
175 miles 6 laps; Hatfield .of Newark and
King of New York, Fisher of France and
Chevalier of France, 175 miles 5 laps; Mul
ler of Italy and Barclay of Brooklyn, 175
miles 1 lap. .-. . ". ; ¦ '
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 13.— The slx"-day
bicycle race of eight hours each day was
begun on the twelve-lap track at the Sec
ond Regiment armory at 2:47 o'clock this
afternoon. Nine . teams started. Two
teams dropped out of the contest to-night.
Lawson of Buffalo, who has just,recov
ered from a serious illness, could not keep
up the pace and he • and his team,' mate,
Turville of quit, with 126
miles to their credit. Joe Fulton and Dan
ny Sullivan,' both.: of New York, left the
track for. good a*, few minutes later.
Albert, champion' of France, lowered tho
world's ope-mlle single motor record on
the track to-night. He made the distance
in 1:26 1-5. The former record .was 1:26.
the World's One-Mile Single
Motor B*cord.
Albert, Champion of France, Lowers
SIX-DAY BICYCLE EACE
STARTS AT PHILADELPHIA
Third race — Three and a half furlongs; Bell
ing; two-year-olds. , -
.... Lizzie Rice... 105 3126 Clarlnette ... 97
3091 Montezuma ..103 Adirondack . .103
3126 Venecia 97 3126 Past Master. .100
..:. Annie F 103 3109 Tom Mitchell. 97
3126 Hudson 100-
- Fourth race — Futurity course, the Reliance
Club handicap: three-year-olds and upward.
3093 Headwater ...115 3128 Rey Dare 08
(2274) Kenll worth ..119 3019 Frank Bell... ICO
(3093)Constellator ..112 3123 J. Boffgs 90
3104 Sister Jeanie.. 93
'. Fifth race — One mile and 100 yards; selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
3127 Rushnelds ...Mi 3lGo Castake 109
3106 Pat Morrlssy.100 3124 Brass •. .. 98
.312O Tyranus »l 3117 Sylvan £ass..l09
3124 Blcador Ill 3130 Crinkle ..107
3127 Kath. Ennis..lO2 2579 Melkarth 109
Time— To Y*. :21; to %, :45; last %. 1:01; short %, 1:11. Bad start. Won flrst three driv
ing. Winner, J. Conway's ch. g. by Prestonpans-Katie Fletcher. Away poorly. Shell
..Mount much the best. He was carried out through stretch by winner. Woods earning a
fine. Mounce did not not hustle The Weaver enough. Prestano was well played. Sol
LichteJistein quit the last furlong, besides getting bumped. Scratched — Quiet 110. Wander
ine Bov 102. Marelio 102. S
' •_/ ; . Track'. Notes." . .:¦-;.:" ¦ \ '
'
j Johnny Woods on Prestano carried out
O'Connor astride Shell-Mount the last six
teenth and was assessed $25 by the judges
for this bit of horse play.
Charley Ellison iwill leave for Memphis
the latter part of the month to look over,
his string of horses he intends campaign
ing the coming season. ¦.»'. -. ¦ -'
!. The valuable stakes of the Washington
¦Park .Club, .Chicago, close '. to-morrow.
Any - information desired by horsemen
can be obtained from Judge Morse, who
is a visitor at the track every day. .
As there "seems to be. an inclination to
criticize the improvement shown by Posi
tion in Saturday's race the stewards will
investigate the matter. ¦ *-¦'¦¦:.-¦
St. -Avonicus, the English horse recently^
purchased by,Charles L.'-Fair, will arrive
in California to-day and''bef installed'.at
the head of his 'breeding farm.:'.'-';.
There may.be worse lightweights in the
Western country: than; Lee Jackson, but
there does not appear.to be many better
ones. His. handling of Vantine was good
saddle work. : .
! Jockey See, never a very vigorous rider,
seemed unable to extract any very large
quantities of speed from Harry Thatcher.
•W. G. Layng shipped on the steamer
City of Peking to Japan Saturday the fol
lowing .thoroughbred stallions: Mistral
II, Prospector and Al Koran.
-Following; are the entries for thisj- aft
ernoon's events:
, First-race—One mile; selling-; three-year-olds
and upward.
3105 Invictus. ...^.106 3135 Kastaine 104
(3127)Elnsteln .....111 3132 Frldolin 01)
3088 Darlene . ;10t 3053 Gibraltar 114
30.34 Mallakwa ....104 3032 Merops Ill
30S9 Mont Eagle..Ill 3105 Nellie Forest.104
3132 First Shot 111 3105 Plead ........104
3119 Senator Matts.106
Second race—Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
(3120)Colonial Girl.. 109 2116 Killdoe ..105
(3107)Dr. Scharff...llO 3085 Torso Maid... 10;:
(.•{OOOJarretre d'Or. 100 3080 Louwelsea. ...105
3103 Jacqueminot .103 (3114)Rubus ....105
¦ 3122 Com. Forster.112 3125 Moabina 103
3120 Constable 105 3125 Mythrox 108
In ....:.. 864404 . -.
The handsome Council's cup for women
thus becomes the absolute property of
Mrs. Brown, as she already had two vic^
tories to her credit.
During the afternoon several men were
out for practice, among them being E.; J.
McCutchen, W. E. Lester and L. O. Kel
logg. .-¦ . . '
In 6 5 8 3 6 4 ; '-_., ,.¦
Miss Hager —
Out .....9 6 6 4 7 7 5 5 7—56
By Defeating -Miss Hager on Presidio
Links She Carries Off Hand- •
. some Trophy. V
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown won the Coun
cil's cup for- women of :the ; Sari Francisco
Golf Club yesterday, defeating Miss Alice
Hager 4 up 3. to play.';..; Miss; Hager "made
a gallant fight; keeping-'\all square" with
her redoubtable antagonist ;¦ untile the;
seventh hole had ; been played." She lost
the eighth and ninth, however; thus being
2 down at the end of the. first round. Her
medal play score was -only two greater
than Mrs. Brown's, '-being 56 to 54 for the
first nine' holes. the tenth and
eleventh, Miss . Hager . was 4 ! down, ¦ and,
as she proved-Ainable to pull Mrs. Brown's
lead down, |the-match ended? at the fif
teenth hole.- For. the six, holes of the sec
ond roundrMrs. Brown's and Miss Hager's
scores were - the same,* but .Mrs.
Brown's was' increased bv.an,S for the
twelfth hole. The only '£ qurlng the., day
was made -by Mrs.. Brown at ' the •< thir
teenth hole. The medal play scores were
as follows: ' .'.- >" . ,.
Mrs. R. G. Brown — * ~ ¦
Out .8 7 5 5 8 6 5 4 ft— 64
COTJlTCIIi'S CUP IS NOW
OWNED BY MRS. BROWU
The first brace went down at 9:15. They
•were W. B. Coutts' black and white
pointer bitch Kenwood Rose, by Kris
Kringle- Plain Sister, handled by W. B.
Coutts, and Clinton E. Worden's black
white and tan dog Wade Earl, by Dave
'Earl- Accelerando, by J. E. Lu
cas. The dogs were put down in the dry
river bed, but birds were found in a field
& short distance away. They flushed
wild, and were marked down along the
bank, where Wade Earl afterward se^
cured two nice points. Rose was a . bit
unsteady, but worked with much vim,
and is altogether a snappy little pointer
that stays out well but is inclined to be
nervous and not thoroughly under con
trol. The dogs were up at S:55.
At 10:15 W. B. Coutts' liver and white
pointer dog Xed Funston, by Kris Krin
gle-Fiain Sister. handled by W. B.
Cour.s, and H. L. Betten'a white, black
and tan English setter bitch Rods Lark,
by Rodfield-Count's Diana, .handled by
Charles Babcock, were put down on the
birds scattered by the previous brace
a.nd showed nice work, although the
weather by this time was very warm.
The pclnter made two points and the
cetter one, both being stanch and eteady
to shot-up at 11:15.
The third brace were Stockdale kennels'
liver and -white pointer dog Cuba Jr., by
Cuba of Kenwood-Florida, handled by
R. M. Dodge, and H. L. Betten's orange
end white English 6etter dog Diana's
Rodfield, by Rodfleld-Counfe Diana,
handled by w. J. Stone. There was. much
Interest in this heat, on account of Cu
ba's winning in the Eastern circuit, and
the spectators were not disappointed In
seeing a splendid exhibition of speed and
range and thoroughly hunted ground.
Unfortunately, no birds were found. This
First Brace Is Let Down.
SANTA MARIA, Jan. 12.-The
nineteenth annual trial of the
Pacific Coast Field Trial Club
began here this morning. The
entry in the Derby was disap
pointing. Only seven of the entire num
ber paid the third forfeit, as agamat
twenty-one which paid the second for
feit. Death has played sad havoc among
the Derby nominees for this year, and
sickness has left gaps in the list.
W". Van Arsdale's Bell Boy, a prom
ising entry, was left behind -when Trainer
Babcock located at Santa Maria, while
Lady Jane, another entry, died suddenly
a few days ago. Lady Jane was the
property of Clinton E. "Worden. "Wor
sen also lost his all-age entry. Alberta,
which has left him only one Derby dog
out of the three good ones he had en
tered.
A very late start was made for the
trial grounds. The weather conditions
¦were unfavorable, being warm and with
out a breath of wind stirring up to 2
o'clock.
Cuba Jr., the winner, resembles his sire,
both in form and coloring and somewhat
in his actions in the field. Although he Is
much higher class in every particular
than Cuba of Kenwood, he is a 1 light
weight pointer and has a long, sweeping,
easy gait, that carries him over the
ground with great speed. He exhibits
splendid judgment in handling his birds
and Is altogether a brainy youngster. ~
Rod's Lark, winner of second, although
entered by H. L. Betten, is in the string
of W. W. -Van Arsdale, who has an op
tion on her. She is handsome and stylish,
carrying a splendid head, and shows to
good advantage, especially when on birds.
Ned Funston, winner of third, Is a very
small, compactly built and speedy pointer,
by.no means at his best at the present
time. A serious accident sustained during
his training laid him up for some weeks,
which was of great disadvantage to him.
Thorough training and finishing will
make him a dangerous competitor In any
company, and he should give a good ac
count of himself within the next year.
The all-age stake will begin to-morrow
morning, and the work wlll.be done on
the grounds where the Derby was fin
ished.
Third — W. B. Coutts' liver and white pointer
dog Ned Funston, by Kris Krlngje-Plaln P!s
ter, whelped September, 1200; breeder, W. B.
Coutts. «: ' i- ¦
Second — H. L. Betten's white, black and tan
Enslish setter bitch Rod's Lark, by Rodfleld-
Count's Diana, whelped September 7, 1900;
breeder, H. L. Betten.
.. First — Stockdale "Kennels' liver and • white
pointer dog Cuba Jr.. by Cuba of Kenwood-
Florida, whelped on March 13, 1900;* breeder,
Stockdale Kennels.
Few of the spectators were aware on
leaving the grounds that the Derby was
finished, but it so proved, as Judge Balm
er, after arriving at the hotel, announced
the winners, as follows: .
Judge Announces "Winner.
nounced that the running was finished for
the day and a start was made for Santa
Maria, some ten miles distant.
MAKE A RAID
ON POOLROOM
Diana's Rodfleld and Oakley's Pride
were cast off at 3 o'clock, and although
they were among scattered birds once or
twice they did not seem able to locate
them. Oakley's Pride pointed once., but
his handler was unable to raise the bird.
This was a long heat, the judge endeavor-
Ing to get the dogs to locate a good bevy,
but in this he was unsuccessful. The dogs
were ordered 'up at 3:45, and at 4 o'clock,
after some consultation with the mem
bers of the committee, the Judge an-
After luncheon a start was made for
new grounds, and about this time a pleas
ant breeze sprang up, and all conditions
were raore^avorable. The first brace in
the second series were Kenwood Rose and
Rod's Lark. They went down at 1:30, and
the work of each was an improvement
over that of the forenoon. The first point
was made by Rod's Lark on birds scat
tered by the spectators. This was followed
by a point by Rose. Although she was a
bit unsteady and the birds flushed before
the handler was ordered to . fire. Rose
made a stanch point, and was backed by
Lark, was much the steadier
throughout the trials. They were ordered
up at 2:15.
Ned Funston and Cuba Jr. went down
at 2:30, and gave the only satisfactory
exhibition of the day. The flrst point was
made by Cuba, which was followed by
Ned making an equally good one. Then
Cuba pointed again and Ned was called
up to back him. which he did in fine style.
Cuba gained two more points on singles,
one of which was backed, and he finished
with a splendid bevy find, which he point
ed through the fence, the birds being some
distance away and running. The brace
was ordered up at 2:55.
Breeze Refreshes the Dogs.
heat was run in the warmest part of the
day ar.d the dogs were well exhausted
when they returned to the wagons. They
were taken up at 11:40. .
Oakley's Pride, the b^e dog, was given
a try-cut, which was followed by an ad
journment for luncheon.' This ended the
first series. ,
BY G. VIS. HIBBARD.
• ' ¦ ¦ .- ». >. . •
CLEVER YOUXG POIXTEBJWHICH HAS WON THE CLASSIC DERBY AT THE SANTA MARIA FIELD TRIALS.
HE HAS JUST RETURNED FROM A SUCCESSFUL SEASON ON THE EASTERN CIRCUIT, WHERE HE
WAS PLACED SIX TIMES. WINNING IN HIGH CLASS COMPANY. X
¦¦..»• .'":';• ' ¦'
Last evening the constable's condition
changed for the worse. The news spread
about* town and immediately steps were;
taken to organize a mob to. take. the negro'
from the County Jail and lynch him. .The
officers were alert, | however, ;; and tele
phoned to Carson for a specia\ train to
take the negro to Carson for" safety. 7 At
8 o'clock in the evening a conveyance left
the Jail with the negro, Sheriff Mclnnis
and a strong body guard ; and was driven
with all haste to the southern outskirts
of the town, where ;.\tne train was in
readiness.- Ten minutes after leavlng.the
jail the officers had Scott safely aboard
the train. Everything was done so quiet
ly and with such dispatch that; the coup
was not discovered until .the prisoner was
lodged in the State: Prison at 1 Carson. .
The mob was furious when it discovered
that its intended victim had. escaped, but
conservative citizens were well pleased at
the sudden turn of affairs. - . ."¦•, - ;
The trip was too much for the would-be'
murderer, who arrived: at Carson in an
exhausted and apparently dying condi
tion, but later rallied. ¦ -Dr. Gibson, the
County Physician, who ; accompanied
Scott to Carson, informed The I Call cor
respondent to-night that the negro . was
mortally wounded and could -live but a
short time.. - , - ¦¦'' .
RENO, Nev., Jan. 13.— Indignation still
runs high In this city over the shooting of
Constable R. C. Leeper by William Scott,
the negro, while the latter was resisting
arrest last Thursday night. The officer is
still at death's 'Jooir, while the negro, who
was wounded,. Is not likely to recover. ;
4 Special Dispatch to Tne Call
in Tight.
Colored Desperado ; Who Shot '-Con
stable I^eper Is Not Iiikely to
Survive .Tybund Receive^.; :V- ; ; r
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Monday. Jan. 13.— Weather fine. Track last.
3131. FIRST RACE — Mile and 100 yards; gelling; four-year-olds and Tip; to first. $323.
. ¦¦• , . -- :¦•¦;.• . - ~~T7~ '¦ ~ ' i Betting. ¦
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . tf. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3100 Capt^ Gaines, 5.,, 110 5 3232 23 lh "W. G. Matthews. Mathw 2 7-5
3105 NUgar. 0 Ill 2 2 1% 1 1% 1 1« 2 3 Mrs. Jones & Co...O*Con 8 12
3111) Limelight, 6. 112 7 73 73 3h 3^4 George Hecox. .. .Conley 6 8
3115 Ulloa. U 104 3 SI 51 4 1 4 3 A. B. Spreckels.. Jackson 3 13-5
-3124 Har. Thatcher. 5.106 4 42 42 51 5 W W. Johnson .... See 8 0
3052 John Welch, 5. ...106 0 8 8 60 6 10 W. H. Lynch.... Ransch 10 20
3110. The Hoodoo, 4.... 99 8 6h 6h 7 2 7 2 T. H. Ryan Hoar 4 S
3000 [Corrlente, a. . . . . .104 1 ' 1^ 2 % 8 8 J. J. Coalter-Blrkenruth 40 60
Tlme-^4. :24J4; %•, :4S%; %. 1:15: mile, 1:42; lm 100yds, l:47*i. Good start. • Won first
•three driving.. Winner,, W. U. Matthews' b. h. by Deceiver-Eugenie. Captain Gaines out
stayed Nilgar in the long drive. Limelight did his best. Ulloa no excuses. Harry Thatcher
camdo better.- The Hoodoo showed some speed on the backstretch. Scratched — Rlnaldo
-1UV^^__^^ r^_^_^. ______________ _ . _ ; . _ r
3132. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to flrst. $325.
• ' » • Betting.
Index Horse. Age." Weight. St. ' %. %. Str. Tin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3CC0 Vaatine. 5 120 3 3h 33 lnl^ Snider & Co Jackson 4 5
3130 Afghan, a 122 1 51 5 >. 3h 22 C. Llnd J. Woods 7 10
(3025) First Shot. 5 122 2 418 8h3h P. Moore Mounce 10 15
(3130) Saul of Tarsus, 5..122 42 h 2% 21 4h S. McNaughton. ...Burns 4 5
2902 Frldolln, 4 98 7 6 1 4 1 6 1 5h G. W. Scott. ..Wlnslette 25 25
3110 Maresa 4.... 97 511 12 41 62 J. H. Dolan Ransch 2 4-5
3121 Marlneuse. 4 106 8 8 6172 73 J. Con way. ..Birkenruth 13 2O
2031 Educate. 4.. 104 671718 8 W. E. Cotton J. Daly 10 15
Time— J/4. :23V>; W, :47; 5^f, l:07&. Good start. Won flrst three driving. Winner. O.
...W. Snider & Co.'s ch. m. by Anchorite- Vestina. Winner perfectly ridden. Afghan showed •
, improvement.- Saui of Tarsus didn't beat him this trip. Maresa looked all In at head of
stretch. Marlneuse and Educate away poorly. Scratched — Pat Morrlssey 102, Our Lizzla
' 110. 4 \lzura 104, Matt Hogan 122. £
3133. THIRD RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and up: to first, $325. .
¦¦¦ -.1 -•¦:¦' r~~ : ! : : j I f ' I BetUnx.
JndexlHorse. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. j. Owner and Jockey. | Op. O.
3116 La Goleta, a 104 4 22 1 i,i 1 1}. 1 8 Baldwin & Co.. .Ransom 1 4-5
(2U77) Royal. Flush, a... lit 3 4 % 32 23 25 G. B. Morris... O'Connor 2 2
(3112) Diomed, 5.. Ill 2 5% 55 31 3 10 Brown & Co Jackson 3 7-2
3124. Wolhurst, a 110 5 6 6 5 10 4 2 J. McMlchael...A. Kelly 20 100
¦3113 Arthur Ray, 3.... 94 1 13 24 40 6 15 Clayton & Co J.Daly 20- 60
1249 The -Fiddler. 4. ..106 6 3n4}_6, 6 J. H. Walker See B0 200
Time-^14, :26%; %. :50%: %. 1:14%; mile. 1:41%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
: third driving. -Winner. -E.' J. Baldwin & Co.' s b. m. by Amlgo- Rosebud. Royal Flush
pulled up lame. La Goleta bad nothing to beat, Diomed being outclassed under the condi
tions. • "¦ - • '•.-»•
3134. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; to first, $525. •
I , - / . 7 '¦ j ! Betting.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. St. %. %. Etr. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3080' Princss Titania, 4. 90 7 7~5 4^2% 1 % Caesar Youn»... Redfern x Z 7^2
(3110) Sea Quc«n, 6..... 102 4 3^21 4 h 2 h J. A. Lewis Hoar S 12
3123 Jim Hale. U. 98 6 6h 5 2 5 2 3 1 W. I_. Stanfleld .Jackson 8 10
3058 Doublet. 5.T. 110 1 1 Vi 3 % 1 n 4n D. S. Fountain.. Mounce 4 *
3117 Danger's' Maid, 5.- 90 3 2 h 11 3 n 5 10 Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 3 t
2575 Foul Play. 5 03 5 5 h 7 3 7 1 6 10 Nichols & Bowley. J.Daly 50 100
30«7 Ordnung, 6 104 241 61 6h 7 1 J. W. Schorr. .J. Woods 8-5 5-2
2240 IFlde} Youlln. 5... 93[ 8 8 8 8 8 IPr. H.E.Rown.L,.A.Jksn| 100 300
Time— Y*. =24; Y a^ &7; 94, 1:13. Good, start. 'Won first threa driving. Winner, Caesar
Young's br. m; By Massetto-Queen Titania. Princess went around her field and won ton- .
prcssively. Sea Queen did her best. Jim Hale- could have won at a longer route. He was
busy sawing' wood at the finish. Doublet will take some beating next time. Dangerous
Maid- had' her- speed dulled in previous lcng distance race. Ordnung ran poorly.
Scratched — Sly 111, Floronso 98, Oscar Tolle 101, February 96.
3135.' FIFTH RACE — One mile & 100 yards; selling and up; to first, $325.
_ _ __ _ _ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. FJn. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3119 Captivate, 4 996 2 l^i 1 «i 12 lh P. Hildreth... Birkenruth 13-5 6^2
3112 Expedient, 5 Ill 4 9 .9 4 % 2 2 P.. E. Smith McGinn 8 10
(3103) Dk. of York II. a.110 5 4h 7n 5131 I. Morehouse.J. Mathews 10 ' 12
3102 R. del S. Juan, a.106 1 514^ 31 4h M. Forster O'Connor 5 8
3102 Kastalne, a 109 7 7h61 61 58 K. M. Borchert. Ransom 15 20
¦ 30S3- Helen Smith, 4.. .104 3 3h51 2h 61 J. Conway J. Woods 8-2 5
28iO Monda, 6 Ill 2 In 21 7 2, 75 W. P. Fine Jackson 6 10
aOSl Romany. 6....... Ill 8 8284 8 6/ 8 15' Liberty Stable... Mounce 8 9-2
. S121 Modder. 4 ....106 9 6231 3 v 9 [J. M. Crane Ransch 8 7
Time— V*. :"25%; %, :50; %, 1:16; mile, 1:43; lm 100 yds, 1:43%. Good start. Won flrst
three driving. 'Winner, P. Hlldreth's ch. m. by Captive-Fusillade's Last. Winner had
speed of the party. No form to the others. Modder crowded out of his position on stretch,
• turn. Scratched — Aloha II 111. - ¦
3130.— SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; to flrst, $325.
. . ' ¦ . ~~ I Batting.
IndexIHorse and Weight: St. %. ' %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. - CL
1 3107 Prestano .107 1,1 6. 1 6 1 3 1 h J. Conway J. Woods 5 8
3120. Shell Mount 108 8 7372 42 21 D. Cameron O'Connor 8-5 8-5
'3120- The Weaver 110 5 *5 3 5 1 » h 3 % H. I. Wilson Mounce 5-2 11-5 «
3U4 Legal Maxim. „.. 102 2 tf 2h::3h 2 h 4%" H. L. Jones & Co. Rdfrn 6 12
3107 Sol Lichtenstein.MOO 3 4 1" 4 h 6 1 5 10 , Dr. H. E. Rowell. . Jcksn 3 ' 5
3120 Arlgato ...110 76^61 71 61 W. G. Mathews. J.Mthws 60 150
-3005 Ilowaho 110 4 \ 8' 8 8 7 2 ¦ W. H. Ketcheman.Trxlr _20 50
3113 Rubino 107 6 3 2 2 1 6 1 8 G. Summers & Co.Rnsch 8 12
Special Train Carries William
'-. ' Scott, the^Negrb^rt 6£ :'K,
• .*/:-- r v; Carson.' V .-.*,„•-'•.':¦
Intended Victim Escapes
Vengeance of Mob .
in Reno. >
"After - many stirring misadventures
Perry Hfldreth's four-year-old Captivate
left the maiden class in the second, mile
and' 100-yard run. Possessing the requisite
supply of speed and kept hard at work
by i Birkenruth, the mare disposed of an
ordinary -.field,- leading most of the way.
Expedient, a 12 to 1 shot, came in second,'
two lengthsinfront.of Duke of York.- •
Only a straggling send-off accomplished
the downfall of. Shiril; Mount, .with O'Con
nor up and favorite" for the last event.
Woods 'astride:* Prestano. played from 12
down to, 6, beat his : field away and- in- a
long drjffe won from the short-priced one
by a head. : The Weaver, a heavily backed
second choice, ran into ', the., show. _.:.-¦....
: For some unknown reason Ordnung had
first call in the betting on the six furlong
run, "fourths to be ' decided. TJie Schorr
sprinter, always partial to muddy, going,
could' not scare* up a gallop.' Breaking
from: next to. last position; Redfern on
Princess j Titanta'- gradually mowed down
the leaders, beating the 12 to 1 shot Sea
Queen. a half length in 1:13. Doublet lost
show honors- to Jim % Hale, a' 10 to 1
chance. -'.WS-; ' .
At the u weights, Maresa looked one of
the best.- things. on : the card, and was
plunged on to. win the 'live and a half
iurlong selling sprint, with the weights
raised live pounus above- the scale. . -ihu
mare showed her company the way to the
stretch, where her. speed began dribbling
away, and she tlnished unplaced. In sec
ond position trom the start, Lee Jackson
edged'. to • the- fore "with Vantine," beating
out Afghan in a drive.. The winner closed
at 5 to 1 in the.bettinj?. .. . •
Captain Oalnes, u;e . to 6 choice, toots
the opening - mile aiiu.100 yard run from
the Vl to 1 shotNiigar by a narrow mar
gin. O'Connor haa tne leg up on the out
sider, ana lit was only in tne J last titty
yards that. -Jess" Matthews brought. the
favorite up in time. to get the decision by
a head.. Uhoa came in for. considerable
support, but lost the show- to limelight.
yf^. WNER GREEN MORRIS 1 cheBt
(I \\ 'nut ' importation from across the
I ¦ 1 1 pond, Royal Flush, ran far below
his English form at Oakland yes
,'. .terdayln the mile purse run. In
fact, /his 'gait would indicate him to bo
suffering from a "deuced attack of the
blobmin' gout," for La Goleta, the 4 to N 6
favorite, breezed home in 1:41^. Dlomed,
it; was thought; might' do something, 'but
must have been .staggered by ,th» aristo
cratic : standing • of , the ' society ¦ 'he - was
tossed 'in with, finishing an indifferent
third. Flush returned to the stand lame,
.ahd;:H fdo.es -not look as if he would cut
jnucbhof.a dash in' future events. •-'¦¦.
• ; Socold.was the weather that two races
jwere^rutf' before .the crowd thawed out,
when .the' betting assumed-its' usual lively
aspect. sTnere was nothing of a startling*
nature to chronicle in the way of recora
breaKingr performances, ana favorites
-held their own by capturing three purses.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Favorites Capture Three Purses at Oakland — Princess Titania Out
sprints a Field of Fast Ones— Captain Gaines Finally Wins a
Purse— rPrestano, an Outsider, Beats Shell Mount by a Head
SHERIFF'S
COUP SAVES
PRISONER
ROYAL FLUSH PULLS UP LIMPING
AFTER A BRUSH WITH LA GOLETA
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL; TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, l$02.
Rod's Lark Gets Second and Ned Funston Third Money in the
Classic Event at Santa Maria, in Which but Seven Entries Com
pete Under Unfavorable /Weather and Field Conditions
HONORS GO TO STOCKDALE KENNELS'
CUBA JR. IN FIELD TRIALS DERBY
3
ATJVEHTISEU3SITTS.
THE FIRST STEP
Of the child is an event in the mother's
life. How proud she feels when the
attempt to walk is begun so early as to
evidence childish courage and sturdy
strength. Such pride should be enjpyed
by every mother. But it often happens
that the child is timid, __^V.
weak and deficient in <^*'|A
vitality, and clings to the
mother's arms with no fJL&TQ
desire to walk or play. f£gj p§
Mothers should learn 1 igg
that to have strong chil- V |§i
dren they must them- s>^ —^^>
selves be strong, for the / J^l J\\.
child's strength is Jc~ J $\ Mf fr
the gift of the . m.
mother. S
The use of Dr. fS
Pierce's Favorite /f if-jrt -raj
Prescription by / / / ' » w___
expectant mothers / I | V-,
gives them health / IB \ Ifl
and strength to / 1 agTEM.?
Rive their chil-/ J fl WlPuiJ
Srcn. It nonr-
ishes the nerves,
strengthens the body and gjires great
muscular strength and elasticity, so that
the baby's advent is practically painless.
" I have been -using" Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription, and can say it is just what you adver-
tise it to be, and can chemully recommend it,"
¦writes Mrs. Victor J. Hadin, of l^eonardville,
Rilry Co.. Kansas. « I began taking it just' tvro
months before baby came and was greatly bene-
fited bv Its use. The doctor -who attended me
6aid I did about as well as any one be had seen
4 as I «ae sick, only about three hoars), «nd also
that your ' Favorite Prescription ' was * the one
patent medicine' which he did have faith in. •
« We now have a darling baby boy. strong and
healthy, who weighed mue pounds when born
(July 28th). Durinf this month he haa gained
three and one-half pounds."
r - Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
worts wonders for weak women.
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 1008 pages, is
given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for expense of mailing only, for the book
in paper coverSj or 31 stamps for the
volume bound in doth. Address Dr.
E- V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
|p|| j of Syrup of Figs is due to its pleasant form and perfect freedom from every j
H|P I objectionable quality or substance and to the fact that it acts gently and truly 1
j|p| j as a, laxative, without in, any way disturbing the natural functions. The
lip j requisite knowledge of what a laxative should be and of the best means for its
J||^ \ production enable the California Fig Syrup Co. to supply the general demand
Up i for a laxative, simple and wholesome in its nature and truly beneficial in its
0%. j effects; a laxative which acts pleasantly and leaves the internal organs in a
||p ! naturally healthy condition and which does not weaken them.
. * To assist nature, when nature needs assistance, it is all important that the
|pf ! medicinal agents used should be of the best quality and of known value and Syrup
||p j . of Figs possesses this great advantage overall other remedies, that it does not
||p ] weaken the organs on which , it acts and therefore it promotes a healthful con-
\ edition of the bowels and assists one in forming regular habits. Among its many
||p i • excellent qualities may be _> mentioned its perfect safety, in all cases requiring a
111 j laxative, even for the babe^ or its mother, the maiden, or the wife, the invalid,
pp i or the robust man. ;;£¦;: . : :^^p :"• :V^;±fy
Syrup of Figs is welV known to be a combination of the laxative principles
lip of plants, which act most 'beneficially, with pleasant aromatic liquids and the
§p juice of figs, agreeable and refreshing to the taste and acceptable to the system,
when its gentle cleansing is desired. The quality of Syrup of Figs is due not
Up only to the excellence of the combination, but also to the original method of
|||| manufacture which. ensures perfect purity and uniformity of product and it is
|p • therefore all important,' in buying, in order to get its beneficial effects; to.note
.7" the" full name of the "Company— California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front
Louisville. Ky. • ra ; nc sco * a * New York. N. Y.
j FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING DRUGGISTS. PRICE FIFTY CENTS f PER BOTTLE. Vjt| | 1 1| IThe Barbers* Protective . Union of San
Francisco held its twenty T fourth annlver-
Fary entertainment at Social Hall, Alca
zar building, last . evening. There was a
large attendance of members and their
wives. Dancing was enjoyed until 11
n" clock, when the party adjourned to the
Nevada Restaurant. Geary street, to par
take of supper. The arrangements were
In the hands of O. L. Smith, chairman; L
V. Beckley. A. Shaen, G. W. Lane and
"\V. Baron. The officers of the union' who
assisted in the social were:
, J. Abraham, president; Otto L. Smith, vice
president; R. Oppenheim, reccrdin? secretary ;
A. Strohrnier, financial secretary; E. P. Roche,
treasurer; H. Brantwlne. sergeant at -arms;
trustees — L. Itleinh&ue, H. Bcheunert and E
Kaelntz.
Barbers Enjoy Social.
The language of a people Is the mark of
It* nationality. "When it Is lost the individual
ity peculiar to that people is gone. Now the
Oaelic League is in existence for the sole pur
pose of reviving xhe Irish language and-'cus
toms and to teach, the school children more of
their ancestors anfi Irish history- There is no
rtronper bond, nor one that will bring people
together quicker than language. The Irish
P«?ople should be proud of their brogue and
?K>t let it slip from them, but teach it to their
< hildren. that the Irish may not be crushed
out, but remain distinct as a. nation for years
to ccme. . • - . •
Father Torfce spoke, to the people of
North Beach at "Washington-square Hall
last evening In behalf of the Gaelic
League. He BJJd in part:
Pathe Yorke Addresses Gaelic League
Charles G. Jackson Is suing .his chil
dren, Charles F-, Florence, Frank P. and
Jennie Jackson, for support and mainte
nance. The piaititiff. who is 63 years of
age. alleges that he. is suffering from
paralysis, which prevents him from earn
ing a livelihood, and he prays the court
to compel his children to pay him' $33
monthly.
Mrs. Jackson, -who Is now residing at
£123 Bush street, was divorced from the
aged plaintiff in April, 1896. The children
remained -with the mother, suffering: the
father to eke out his existence as best he
could In October of this year he suf
fered 2J stroke of paralysis and was taken
from his rooms at 140 Seventh street to
the City and County Hospital, from which
place be was discharged . last month.
Since his release from, the institution, he
alleges, he is unable to help himself la
any way and Is compelled to depend upon
the cfcartty of friends for support
, Char5«*s P.". Jackson, one of the defen
dants. Is general manager of the Califor
nia Fnjit Canners' Association of 203 Cal
ifornia ' street, and is, according to hia
father's complaint, earning a salary of
c250 per month. The other son, Frank
Parker Jackson, holds a responsible posi
tion with the Alaska Packing Associa
tion, and his two daughters, he Btill fur
ther alleges, are regularly employed at
good salaries.
Jackson aeks the. court to order his son,
C. F. Jackson, to pay him $30 per month
and his two daughters $2 50 per month
each. ••
Charles G. Jackson Asks - Courts to
Make Tfis Offspring: Give
M1TT1 Ai'li.
CHILDEE2T SUED BY THEIB.
AGED TATHEB FOB SUPPORT
"I do not know yet -whether I will fur
nish the Civil Service Commission with a
list cf appointments," said Sheriff
J^ackxnann. *'i have sent the list to the
Auditor and that is as far as my responsi
bility goes. I imagine. There would be
no particular barm in giving-the-nam.es
xo the commission, but it raighi be a
lacit acknowledgment that I .recognized
their jurisdiction over my- office, which
has been eliminated by the Supreme
(Jour . 1 -will consult my attorney be
fore ««.irirgr action in the premises."
The offices of the Recorder, Sheriff and
County Clerk were recently taken from
the Jurisdiction of the Civil Service Com
mission under a decision of the Supreme
Court, which held that the offices named
iire county offices and their employes can
not be Kuojected to the civil service test-
Under tiiax decision the Civil Service
Commission abandoned ail examinations
scheduled for the County Clerk and
Sheriffs offices. The examination for
copyists in the Recorder's office had aJ
reaay been held and an appeal is pend
ing to determine whether the Supreme
Court decision . exempts deputies only in
the county offices. 1£ the court should so
hold, the commission would not lose au
ihoritv to hold examinations for copyisita
and olher classes of employes.
The county officials do not take much
stpek in the contention of the Civil Ser
vice Commission that it still exerts con
trol over tneir offices simply because one
c&se is on appeal. They hold that the de
cision of the Supreme Court has relieved
the county offices from the operations o*
the civil service provisic«i»s of the char
ier. On that account they resent any in
terference in their respective offices on
the part of the Civfl Service Commission.
The Civil Service Commission served
notice yesterday on . Sheriff Laekmann,
Itecorder Gouchaux and County Clerk
Mahony to file a list of their appointments
with ih& commission, und the officials
named axe considering the advisability of
refusing to comply with the request. The
communication directs attention to a sec
lion of the charter requiring such infor
mation. 1
May Decline to Furnish List
of Their Employes as
Demanded.
Civil Service Interfer
ence Displeases Of
ficials.
RESENT ACTION
OF COMMISSION
Everybody ; Is Entitled
To an all-wool \ men's • suit -worth $18 , for
$4.65 at- the i bankrupt sale .of 'the ; Boston"
773 Market street, near Fourth.'. •¦: ¦;-*: \
. :v" : -:\ : , Chutes. , - : ; / ¦ . \.
A large audience enjoyed the new. bill
at the Chutes last night. ' The Valkyra
Familr perform .many^'new- and ¦•difficult
feats of -balancing,- and- the "great Har
rington scored a big hit . with his \ clever
imitations of musical instruments
animals. The Mullally Sisters have pleas
ing voices and are graceful dancers. -. Nel
lie Montgomery has an excellent contralto
voice and responded to numerous well
earned encores with her pleasing ballads.
The holdovers are :Deaves',' Manikins and
Dick Wilde In new,! songs. 'A series of
newjnoving pictures conclude a good pro
gramme. . *•'.-.; • • / , ¦-: • - • ¦ •
i The Initial . performance of .''Claire and
the Forge VMaster" at the Grand Opera
house last night was. accorded a* hearty
reception- at the hands of a rather/giqall
audience. The play is adapted from the
French- and is . full of • action, j Thrilling
situations occur, -with perhape'too- great
frequency and 1 6ome of the conversations
are rather longdrawnout, but the com
pany appears" a* Its best in the produc-
Grand Opera-House.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum was crowded to the doors
Jast night and the bill presented is one of
the best seen for a long time at'this pop
ular resort. Kara, the juggling phenome
non, is the bright particular star and his
feats are novel and attractive. Mr. and
Sirs. .Gardner Crane were loudly applaud
ed for thejr charming playlet, "A Happy
Pair." . Eddie Glrard and Jessie Gardner
are very funny in their • sketch. "The
Soubrctte and the Cop." Alt Holt creates
no end of laughter with his Imitations of
birds and domestic animals. 'Arthur Buck
ner. a clever trick bicyclist; . the Faust
Sisters, terpsichorean artists; Jacques
Jnaudi. the mental phenomenon; the thr^e
Westons in their "musicallties,". and the
biograph complete the; excellent bill.-, - r
At Fischer's Concert House a -targe au
dience, applauded the new programme last
night. Hlnes and Klmball, acrobats and
gymnasts, who conclude their exhibition
with a startling breakaway ' ladder act,
furnished a sensation, as did also Frank
Ferez, a clever trapeze. performer. Dora
Mervln,: an excellent balladiBt, was re
caled several times, and Mendel' and
Maft, Irish . and Dutch comedians, held
the house in an uproar of laughter for
twenty minutes. Brady and Hamilton,
singers and dancers; Monroe. -who styles
himself the "lone Hottentot," " and Mile.'
Clarence, a, novelty danseiise," completed
an excellent programme. Next week this
popular place of amusement will be closed
for extensive alterations, - after. : which a.
splendid burlesque company, direct,' from
New York, will occupy the boards. -
Fischer's Concert-House.
;' This Is the last week of . "Little ' Red
Riding Hood" at the Tivoli. j The popu
lar'Christmas fantasy is by far on<> of
the prettiest and most picturesque plays
that has been put on for some time at
the Tivoli. The play 18 especially attrac
tive to the children, and each night great
numbers- of the little, ones are in 'attend
ance. Next week "The Ameer," the
opening opera of the comic opera sea
son, wlli be presented.
Tivoli.
And there were other instances of slm«
liar elisions not to the betterment of the
text. Modjeska's Lady Macbeth' is an
artistic conception. It is not so masculine
as some of her successful
played it, but it is equally effective In its
more feminine method. The play is well 1
staged, with no waits between the acts
to $peak of. Norman Hackett plays Mac
duff with great earnestness, while the
Malcolm of Thomas Coffin Cooke and the
Banquo of -Wadsworth Harris are up to
the standard. ,
The long-ago in things", dramatic was
revived last night in the Columbia Thea
ter by the, presentation of that sterling
melodrama, "Macbeth," in the* capable
; hands of Louis James and Modjeska.
James has. an excellently -well-befitting
voice for the tragic and all of that'virility
that made Barry Sullivan famous in the
part. He made the most of the voice and
the physique and reminded old theater
goers of rugged and raspy. John McCul
lough, but without the 'rasplness. The
•text, however, ) differs =• somewhat from
what it was in the old days," and alas
"some of the ancient Shakespearean land
marks are blue-penciled, as ."I'll not act
the Roman fool and die by . mine own
Word" with the word "Roman" /penciled
out. ¦¦'. .'.'..¦¦":¦ -.' ; -, i ¦¦ ;¦:
Columbia.
"Under the Gaslight," an original and
picturesque drama of life and love by
Augustin Daly, was well received last
night by a large audience at the Central
Theater. The scene is laid in New York
ond tno plot contains many thrilling and
dramatic situations. J The play is calcu
lated to give an idea of the dark and
light side of life in the great metropolis,
commencing with 'the humble "Italian or
ganist - from Cork" to the belle who
reigns in sreiety. . .
Central.
.Mayor .Schmitz. was seen last evening
after the meeting of the Board of Super
visors and was informed, of the charges
against Mahony as outlined above. The
Mayor in reply said: ' ; J . •
\"If IThe.Call or any one in. the city will
produce proofs and - substantiate the
chargeB made against' Mahony I will be
compelled under the charter : to remove
him from office, j If I fail to do so I would
be guilty of dereliction of duty and be as
guilty as Mahony is alleged. to be."
•-.The power given to the Mayor under the
charter Is quite" clear, and Mahony can
be removed from office Immediately the
Mayor is "given the proofs of 'Mahony's
guilt.;* : -.-.'.:• .;...-' ¦"¦• ¦ ¦ • ¦/'¦¦-. ¦ ¦ - .
In- chapter..!, section 2, article - 4, the
power of the. Mayor, is "stated as follows:
- "When any official defalcation or willful
neglect of duty or official misconduct shall
come -to his knowledge he shall suspend
the delinquent officer or person from office
pending an official investigation."
Sections* 18 and 19 of article 17 read as
follows:, ; ¦ :. ¦' ¦ »¦•:-•
, "Any< elected officer, except Supervisor,
may be suspended by the Mayor., and re
moved by. :the>, Supervisors for cause; and
Mayor Schmitz .Will Act.
The executive committee of the Ger
man-American Club will - meet to-night
and take action on the "turning .down" of
Tolle and Mueller. The : committee has
notified the Republican leaders that it will
hold the "machine" responsible for, the
actions of. Mahony and that it will make
the matter an issue in the next campaign.
Just what Is to become of Frank French
Is known to .worry Mahony considerably.
It is asserted that Mahony: relies upon
Governor Gage to help him out and that
the -man appointed at the behest of Boss
Crlmmina and Manipulator William F.
Herrin will be given the position of Har
bor Commissioner in place of Rudolph
Herold. J v * '¦ ¦ . , ' *¦ ¦ : ' ¦
To Dispose of Frank French.
Another Instance of double, dealing on
the part of Mahony is In the turning
down of Deputy County Clerk Isidor Erb.
With Erb, Mahony, one day during the
campaign, visited a man named Giona
i.onl, who dispenses "wet" goods on .Sixth
street, near Jesse. - • ' ' ..,;
In a suave manner Mahony "touched.,
the Italian for a double eagle, promising
to repay the amount in a few days. Giona
toni asked Mahony if his friend Erb
would be reappointed a deputy in the
event of Mahony being elected.
"Of course I will appoint him,' was
Mahony's reply.
"All right." said Gionatoni. "If you
make him one of your deputies, we will
call It square about the twenty dollars."
Erb is out in the cold and Gionatoni
wonders when he will see the "twenty"
he loaned to Mahony.
Although Mahony .went on record to
make W. A. Deane his chief deputy, he
gave the office to Frank French, who was
a shipping * clerk for, a down-town busi
ness firm. Attorney Reardonsays that
Mahony will keep his promise >to appoint
Deane chief deputy, and that by the end
of the month French will be proved "in
competent, irrelevant and Immaterial,"
and that Deane's name will be. affixed to
a salary warrant as Chief Deputy County
Clerk.
Mahony Borrows $20.
for the promise of Mahony to be mads
good.
Richard Golden's "Old Jed Prouty," pre
sented this week at' the Calltornla-Thea
ter, is deserving of more than hearty sup
port from the theater-goers of San Fran
cisco. Golden's delineation of the Yankee
from the State of Maine is rendered so
naturally and with so little effort thaf in
the strong but homely scenes in which the
play -abounds he is made the recipient of
hearty applause. Robert Craig, who im
personates Zack Wilcox, the"*- -harsh
voiced town crier in the play, has to sup
port a make-up that is most ridiculous,
but does it in such a thorough manner
that he has made himself a favorite. •
California.
Continued From Page One.
tion and Interest Is never allowed to flag.
Herschel Mayall and Laura Nelson Hatl
occupy the roles of the leading characters,
and the work of both is worthy of com
mendation. H. D. Byers has an amusing
part which he fills to the eminent satis
faction of the audience. Charles Waldron,
William Bernard, Mary Bankson and
Agnes Albertson are old favorites re
ceive frequent and well-deserved ap
plause. . . •
TWO ACTORS WHO FURNISH \
••ENTERTAINMENT IN VOLD
JED PROUTY.," N ' '?-
London requires 600,000 cows to supply it ,
with dairy, produce.) •:• .--•?»'¦•¦ ; -«
WlftHOMY IS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL
E. B. JEROME, chief
{T clerk and assistant custodian at
(L . the San Francisco Custom-house,
died this morning at 12:15 o'clock
at his Oakland home, after a long
Ulness. g§&g "-.) • ' >.'
Edward Baker -.Jerome, for thirty-four
years} a^f Customs at ith<r pprt
of 4 San j| Francisco,* ' was born in ':' Car
roll tori, Greene.' County, Illinois, January
7, -.1844. His father was Theodore F. Je
rome, a gentleman of Huguenot ancestry,
and his mother was a sister of Colonel E.
D. Baker of California, who was killed at
the head of his command at the .battle of
Balls Bluff/ on the Virginia side of .the
Potomac, October 21, 1861. Young Jerome,
who was then not quite 18 years old, was
a lieutenant and aid de camp on his un
cle's staff and was close at his side .when
he was struck. He caught him as he fell
and supported him in his arms as he ex
pired.
Jerome continued in active service until
1863, when he came out to California: Soon
after his arrival he "was appointed clerk
In the postofllce of this city and served for
four years with entire satisfaction to his
superiors. :'r ¦ ¦ ' * *
In 1867 he was appointed chief clerk at
the Custom-house by General John F.Mil
ler. and he held that position under each
and every successive administration from
that time until his death. ?
This was entirely due to his wonderful
Mr. Alsop was the hero and did excel
lent work in the part He had*just the
right happy-go-lucky accent, the dare
deviltry and Amadis de Gaul heroics. He
deservedly won much applause. He has
a pleasing voice " and, hummed his "Oh
Dear. What Can the Matter Be?" witli
happy effect. George Osbourne did well as
Kitel, and Marion Convere and Oza
Waldrop as Rosamond Kent and her
maid Dorothy filled the bill. The play
was enjoyed by a large audience. •
.After that it Is the usual series. of hair
breadth escapes, with wonderful wit on
one side and marvelous stupidity on the
other, but. the hero wins out and things
an come right— with a bump— at the end.
But there is something pleasing about the
play, a certain freshness, buoyancy, au
dacity, youthful absurdity that appeal.
There is a sparkle of genuine wit in the
lines occasionally, a good situation or
two, end in the first act at least som«
inventiveness. But the construction is
childish and the play without a semblance
of historical reality. The characters of
Larry Kavanagh, Kitel and Rosamond
Kent are rather well drawn, but the oth
ers are all lay figures. *
c»^b-^HERE Is something very pleasant-
I ly ridiculous about "For a White
I Rose," the new bill at the Alca-
II zar. "For a White Rose" is the
_ . ¦ ,, newest thing, out In -romantic
plays. It is by one Owen Davis, a. former
student of Harvard. It is a story of he
roic youth and maiden fair, together with
a strong dash of the ogre element for con
trast—quite on the order of "Jack the
Giant Killer" and the other nice. Impos
sible hero, tales of , one's -youth. It is
framed in the time of the thirty years'
'War of the. Roses— though this Is quite as
immaterial as it would be to chalk out the
country * where the giant-killing Jack
hunted his large game — and concerns an
altogether attractive. Irish youth's adven
tures InJEngland. He has dispatches from
Ireland for the Earl of Warwick and is.
waylaid by the villainous Sir Giles Acton
and, his scoundrelly retainers. The first
act opens with Larry's capture by the
minf bns of the wicked Sir Giles. Then he
is prisoned in a hut, his dispatches (pre
tended) stolen from him and he is left
•under a guard that deserts its duty under
a. flfmsy excuse or two. But tne fair
maid now appears on the scene, and. Lar
ry sings "On, Dear, . What Can the Mat
ter. Be?" to attract her attention. She
responds with another verse and then goes
to the hut to see who sings. Naturally,
she releases the hero from nis unpleasant
predicaineut, and he takes the usual mean
advantage of the situation and makes
love to her. Then the minions return and
the fat's in the tire. " • ¦ - -
Zlahony to "Care for Friends.
Mahcny - last night- made the- following
statement over the telephone: ' .
"I have been suffering: from pleurisy,
but I am all right now. I will be down
town in the morning and be at my offlce
I will straighten everything out. Of
course I intend to take care of my friends
who helped me in my fight, but every one
else will be satisfied and things -will come
out all right. I can't say anything more
over the phone."
any appointed officer may be removed by
the Mayor for cause. The Mayor shall
appoint some person todischarge the du
ties of the offlce during the period of
such suspension.
"When the Mayor shall suspend any
elected officer he shall immediately no*
tify the Supervisors of such suspension
and" the '.cause thereof. ' If the board is
not in -session he shall immediately call
a session of the same In such manner as
shall, be provided .by ordinance. The
Mayor shall present written charges
against such suspended, officer to the
board and furnish a copy of the same to
said officer, who shall have the right to
appear with counsel before the board in
his defense. ¦ »•¦ •* ;. . ¦
"If _ fey -an affirmative vote of not le?s
than fourteen members of the Board of
Supervisors, taken by ayes and noes and
entered on its record, the action of "the
Mayor' is approved, then the suspended
officer shall thereby be removed from of
fice;, but If the action of the Mayor is
not approved, such . suspended officer
shall be immediately reinstated."
The charges made by The Call against
Mahony are more than sufficient to war
rant his removal from offlce, and his case
is covered. by the sections of the charter
quoted herewith. / - \
efficiency and entire mastery of all the
details and legal minutiae of the customs
service. He knew every law and every
amendment relating to the service and
every ruling as to construction made by
the department in Washington. In fact,
he was recognized as one of the best post
ed men In the service In the whole coun
try. Little wonder, therefore, that' each
successive Collector found it wise and
convenient to retain Jerome as his deputy.
It is related that when the Democrats
came into power and Wise was appointed
Collector for San Francisco E. W. Maslin
was selected. for Jerome's position. Has
lin. called at the office and Jerome very
courteously proceeded to explain to him
the multifarious duties that would .ha In^
cumbent upon him and some of the things
he would be expected to know. Af tec- a
time Maslin asked if there was no system
of indexes to which reference, could be
made when any point came up to be set
tled. Jerome significantly tapped his fin
ger on his forehead and replied -that there
was the only. index. Maslin had enough.
He took his departure and Mr. Wise ten
dered the appointment again to Jerome.
No official was ever more attentive to
duty than E. B. - Jerome. Coming, as he
did in his long course of service, into con
tact with large numbers of people of all
kinds and .under circumstances often
tending to produce ill feeling, it would
have been but natural If he had incurred
the ill will of some. Yet the contrary was
the case; always cool-headed and pleas
ant, he won .the respect, and affection of
all the business public as well as his asso
ciates In the office. " ¦.••-..
Mr.. Jerome resided In ' Oakland and
when his duties of the day were over was
very fond of taking his recreation on his
bicycle. His wife died a short time s-'nee
and his only. daughter is now in the East
at school. • • • ;
CHIEF CLERK OF THE CUSTOM
HOUSE IN THIS CITY, WHO
DIED IN OAKLAND'.
. A petition .was referred to the Street
Committee .. requesting that; the -board
cause ; to be removed the wooden pblesT at
v the;.: corner., of. ¦ Chenery- and . Thirtieth
streets and : : have • iron > poles' substituted.
.'.The petition Btates^that one year ago the
:¦ poles | that hold I overhead wires ? fell down
: and' the street . was ;^"one | mass I of fire.".
; A car laden with passengers barely missed
being'caught by the wires. •..> '
¦ The : Haye"s IValley* Athletic VciubVwas
granted a permit to give an amateur box
inp- contest on July 21. . > i -^ .
I The- petition' 1 of -the National
Club to give a boxing exhibition in Feb
ruary-was !referred- to the. Police Com
mittee, i Y- .; ;;¦-.;• -.'.;• ¦ . w -• ¦ ¦¦-.: :.¦¦¦<
¦ v"Aye«^-:Bent, .Booth, - Braunhart, . Comte," Con
,.nor.. d' Ancona, Kegers,' fayot, Sanderson,' Wil
son — 10. •--¦<-- '.^':.' _- >¦¦ . ::. ¦ ¦ • .- .. •- -V - ;,
M'Noea — Boxtdn,', Brandensteln, '' Curtis,'. Dwye'r,
Lynch. -. McCIeilan, ; Wynn— 7. .-¦- . ; .'.
Brandenstein Introduced an. ordinance
providing for the appointment of a clerk
for a period of four months at a salary of
$100 per month to revise' the ordinances
to .comply, with' the : charter provision.
The ordinance was passed 'to print, v
5'oard Decides' TJpon : Bay Sessions.
'• Brandenstein' s; resolution- fixing the
nights of each Monday as the time for
tlifi' Board' of Supervisors to meet was
defeated. Comte argued that to hold night
se-ssions was- to lower the standard of the
city's' business and that a raanwaanot
competent to perform his duties as Super
visor at night after working at his private
, business, during ¦ the day. > Comte. also
iRpoke'ln behalf.of the clerks, who: would
'be obliged to- work overtime.-Branden
stein made- a^ plea for those Supervisors
who:couldnot devote all their time to. the
city's £ affairs".- and' 'referred:- to .-former
Boards 'of Education, which always met
at night. Comte caused a laugh when he
¦ said v that the old 'Boards of Education
."certainly did all kinds of work at night."
•but .their "work ;was restricted: mainly to
ratifying .the 1 recommendations of the
committees. •: Wynn urged that night ses
slgns:be tried | as ¦ an experiment; Braun
i amendment , to meet at- 2:30 p. m.
fcn Mondays was carried by the following
l . •¦•rV'; .'.'¦¦ ¦. • : ' ....- ':.'^ .• ¦?l); ... ¦• ' \
As ( a preliminary to fixing; the rates to
be ' charged to' consumers;* for light all
persons, firms and'ebrporations furnishing
light, heat or power were, directed to fur
nish Information as to 'their : revenue* and
expenditures andlthe.-cost-'of operation of
their Dlants. . . ; i* : —V ¦ -
The ordinance providing for the appoint
ment of a stenographer, to'take testimony
m the investigation of; light rand water
rates was passed to print, .''f:. .
'The ordinance adding vitrified brick. to
the materials to be used in- paving streets
was finally passed.' '.'¦ ¦¦¦ .. '_ ...
- The ordinance providing for the repav-
Ing of Valencia street at a cost of $28 300
'was finally passed. / ~
' The board fixed Wednesday night, Jan
uary 29, as the date for hearing the pe
tition of Russell h. Dunn to -sell : water*
of the Vlsijacion Company and the Giant
Gap^supply to the city.
The nameJof Primrose street was or
dered changed to Carmelita street.^"-' . .
Tne Chinese. Six Companies was granted
permission to explode, fireworks [ during
the Chinese new year, from February 6
to February 14, 1902. ¦- . ; -
The bill, giving, the Board of Works
power ' to repave unaccepted streets when
in its judgment it is necessary ,wa« flna'.ly
passed. This will, enable the board to
pave, with .bitumen the roadway of Mis
sion street between Onondaga avenue and
Silver avenue.
* Prepares to Fix Light Hates.
' The Board of Works was directed to
furnish immediately a plan to improve the
acoustic properties, of the chambers of the
Board of Supervisors. ¦,
The; Board of Helath was requested to
make monthly analyses of water used for
drinking purposes in Golden Gate Park.
The old Hospital Committee, consisting
of Supervisors d # Ancona, Boxton and
Braunhart, was appointed a special com
mittee, on selection of a pesthouse site. .
The Board of Works was directed to
prepare plans for a "house telephone sys
tem" for the City and County Hospital
at a cost of $750, and to Invite bids for the
same. ¦,-.. ..••'.
The bill granting the Chutes Company a
permit to erect a bridge across Tenth
avenue was finally passed. «
The ordinance, prohibiting the erection
of electric poles within ten feet of a gas
lamp, and requiring that they be painted,
was finally passed. ' -i,-V ' • *
' . , Condition of "City's Finances.
The' Finance. Committec'riled' a report
showing the condition of the appropria
tions- on •.? December 31, il901, '-'. and <the
amounts expended during six months: The
report shows thktr all- demands < have been
drawn In accordance with the one-twelfth
act. with, the - exception -.of those ".for
"maintenance of minors in non-sectarian
institutions," the allowance for six
months being- $3000 . and • the demands
drawn, on the fund amounting to $3425.
For printing transcripts on appeal in
criminal cases the- allowance for the
whole year was 12500 and --the demands
?33i3 15, the demands going directly to the
Auditor, from the courts. Contracts on
file show that work. is being done on the
streets to .the amount of $75,911 95 and on
buildings $59,348, a total of $135,259 95. .
Thei Board of Works expended for
maintenance $24S,146 S3 out of an. appro
priation for six months of $253,615. For
repairs to streets and cleaning the same
$1»4,773 07 was expended in six months. ;
The .claim of Charles A. Hare for dam
ages, in the sum of $177 75, for an injury to
his daughter Ether, while playing in
Golden Gate Park, was' rejected. • as the
matter is one for judicial determination.
T.ne City-Attorney was requested for an
opinion as to whether or not the board
has.-the power to cancel an arbltraryas
sessment in case the Assessor reports
that, a clerical error has been made and
recommends the cancellation.
; The ordinance .'declaring that public in
terest demands , the acquisition of land
bounded; by' Pine { and« Galif ornia streets
and St. Mary's and. Grant avenues, to b?
known as St. Mary's- square, was finally
passed; Brandenstein urged .that it is an
absurdity to locate a pans in that section
of thecity,-and that the' proposition has
so -little merit that "it would jeopardize
the passage' of measure's that have merit
when-- the people voted upon them. Wynn
urged;the passage of the ordinance,.claim
ing that the people should Judge . if the
proposition' Is an 'absurdity.
The North -Central Improvement Asso
ciation--petitioned that the proposition to
include] , the improvement of . Telegraph
Hill iii the bond '.issue be reopened. Tne
association advocates the construction of
a tunnel from Montgomery street to the
bay, instead of a short tunnel as recom
mended by the Board of Works'.
The Board of Works was directed to
furnish complete plans and detailed state
ments-of the proposed new City- and
County ¦ Hospital j and new ' schoolhouses,
separate appraisements of the sites for
schools and plans of the new sewer sys
tem. 1 , " ''
/ St.MIary'sV Square -Fro ject!
The ;Board of Supervisors held; its ; first
night sessipiv last evening and transacted:
considerable "business. After the roll, call
Supervisor "Wynn moved a -suspension of
the rules, and 'When 1 it was ordered, R. I. :
\yisler' in a felicitous "speech . | presented
Mayon SchmitZ|with a handsome gavel on.
behalf; of.-' San' Francisco .MaphiriistsV Un
ion N0. 68. His Honor replieS briefly; say
ing that he would always use the gavel'
with justice and equality. '"¦'"' ¦ <'"'*¦.'¦ : ' ¦. . ¦.
' The Aboard asked the City Attorney' for.
an opinion on- the ' following -; questions
arising! in connection 'with thel' proposed
bond issue for public improvements:- ;,'•-> •'
•' Under the pro\isions or the charter,' is* it
mandatorj* . upon the Board": of, Supervisors to '
call a special | election at the next meeting
after the, completion of, publication of declara
tory ordinances, . or- at 'an adjourned meeting
thereof? " ¦ •• . ' • ; - 1 .. : -J -.'. .':"':. r'
¦ Should ¦itibe<neces?ary to call a 'special elec
tion for the' issuance o£, bonds, can the election
be held' under the old. registration- of ;the year
1001, \or must eaid election be held under the
new registration of 1902? > .;¦''..-•..• .
The first general , convention of tha
United Brotherhood of Railway Employes
opened at the Assembly Hall In the Par
rott buUdlns yesterday with an attend
ance of about eighty members. Thoa©
present represented railway workers In
practically every line in the country. Th«
delegates were officially welcomed to San
Francisco by Mayor Schmitz and the keys
of the city were turned over to them.
After the examination of < credentials the
meeting was thrown open to business.
President George Estes of Roseburg,
Or., related the history of the organiza
tion, from Its origin on January 10. 1301.
at Portland. Or. From a membership of
ten r he said, the brotherhood had grown
to be 50.000 strong, embracing a very large
percentage of .the men employed on the
nation's railroads. The object of the or
ganization and Its aims for the future
were then discussed In a general way.
i The afternoon was almost wholly taken
' up by the reading of the reports and open
ing exercises and after the election of the
following named committees the meeting
adjourned:
Press— F. W. Forstlngr. J. E. Murray. Davia
Finance— H. C. Smith. F. McCabe, J. r.
Mulligan.
Constitution and by-laws — James Hewitt, O.
A. Dalton. VT. H. French. C. V. Porter. C. H.
Symmes. C W. Hurlburt. J. E. Murray. H. B.
Forbes. S. K. Girnac. Joseph Shaw, J. Ero
mett. H. Faulkner. . • ' . '
Ritual F C. Grimes. VT. A. Wren, G. w.
Harrison. \V. B. Tyrrell. D. P. Robertson.
James Shaw.
Office reports— I* O. Sill. E. C. Nswell. J.
W. Radcliff.
The following named delegates wer»
present:
D. J. Byrne, Roseburs: C. V. Porter. "Wataon
ville: Georso Kstes, president ; B. A. Meyer.
Ocean VITO; W. S. MorTlIl: TV'. M. Moore,
Roseburg: TV. A. TVrenn. Medford; David Rob-.
ert. Grants Pass; W. B. Freland, Ashland: K.
C Newell Dunsmuir: A. S. Griffith. R*-±i
Bluff; VT, C. "Ward: J. Emmett. Portland:
Charles McCann, Albino; H. C. Smith, .Eaat
Portland; L. K. Gi?nac. Sacramento; C. i .
Springer^ W'adsworth; J. F. Gibney, TV inne
mucca: TV. C. Gurnsey. Ogden: G. E. Mur
ray, Alameda: H. T. Ilderto. Fruitvale; V%.
H. Tyrrell, Berkeley; G. TV. Harrison. Saa
Francisco; W. H. French. Santa Barbara: V.
C. Grimes San Francisco; I* O. Sill. San Jose;
James Hewitt. Santa Cruz; H. B. Forbes.
Oakland: C. H. Seymss. Port Costa: J. L.
Davis, Fresno: C. J. Jones, Butte, Mont.; C.
H. Tahnage Denver: L. B. Monson. Salt Lake;
S P. Coffee Albuquerque: H. H. Bunds, San
Luis Oblspo: V. C. Jordan, Columbus, Ohtp;
W. H. Regan. Cincinnati; T>. TV. Troy. Pitts
burg; J. F. Ma8sey, Fort "Worth: C. M. Hurl
burt. Denver; G. A. Dalton. Carlin; h. Barnes,
Richmond: H. Faulkner. Salem: Joseph Shaw,
Sacramento: J. TV. Radcliff, Bakersfl«ld: Fratk
McCabe, Kansas City: F. TV. Forstin*. Chl.
cago- J. P. Mulligan,- Fresno; TV. J. Ptnkerton.
Argentine: il. Wells. Otnaha: T>. McGlnty, St.
Louis: John McCune. Helena; G. C. Small. St.
Paul; I* C. Gregory. Milwaukee; F. McComb.
Detroit: C. M.. Spauldlnsr. Altoona; J. T. Gcrs
sing. Philadelphia; A. R. Grlnold. Pittsburg;
J. P. Stone. Memphis; TV. T. Munson. In
diarapolis; TV. J. McGulre. Springfield; H. C.
Kllman. San Antonio; G. TV. "Wilson, Beau
mont; G. M. Harrlngrton. El Paso: TV. C.
Friend. Dallas. Tax. ; E. H. Gre«n, Waco.
Tex.; J. P. Morrison. Tucson, Ariz. ? I* C
Minor, Spokane; J. TV. TVeston. Del Rio, Tex.;
George Hellowell. Anaconda; TV. P. Winter*.
Helena: Joseph Formes, Columbus: H. P.
Smith. Chicago; F. C. Simpson. Be* Molnes.
and J. TV. Dickinson. Clinton. Iowa.
Question' of New Registration
': vfcr ,; Fond /.Election
• v "Brought. Up. ; ¦ / -
Growth* and Aspirations of
the Organization Are
Discussed.
Machinists Honor Ex
ecutive at Meeting
of Supervisors.
Brotherhood Is "Wel
comed to City by
New Mayor.
PRESENT MAYOR
WITH A GAVEL
RAILROAD MEN
IN CONVENTION
THE SAN FIlA:KCiSCO& OAUL, TUESDAY, JANfOARY 14; l»02.
"For a White. "Rose " ; Shows Author's In
ventive Genius— Theaters All Present
Bills of Exceptional Merit This Week
ALCAZAR'S. PLAY PROVES
PLEASANTLY RIDICULOUS
Chief Clerk and Assistant .Custodian at
the San Francisco Custom- House Passes
Away After an Illness of Lqjig Duration
•'¦¦.- . ¦ ¦ -" *'¦. ¦ ¦¦¦• ¦•_
COLONEL E.B. JEROME
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Messrs. Callsh, Fleming and Drake of
the gtate Board of Barbers' .Examiners
wrrc the guests of the evening.
4
A3) VERTISEJIEITTS.
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in. 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizesl
' Pcar«' Soap established over 100 yeara.
For Stomach, Disorders*
Cput and Dyspepsia
, DRINK
Best NATURAL AlkalineJ Water
SS»O BROASWAT. N. X.
OPEN YOUft EYES
To the quality of our laundry work, and
they'll convince you or tt» perfection.
Don't kick If other laundries are not
pleasing you: send your next bundle here,
and 'twill prove so pleasingly satisfactory
that we're willing to leave the rest to
your«ood sense.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stro»t.
Telephone— South 42O, :
Oakland Off lca-54 San Pablo Aye,
TH2 SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. GA.
S. S. S. is a combination of roota*
and herbs of great curative powers,
and -when taken into the circulation
searches out and removes all manner
of poisons from the blood, without
the least shock or harm to the system.
On the contrary, the general health
begins to improve from the first dose,
for S. S. S. is not only a blood purifier,
but an excellent tonic, and strength-
ens and builds up the constitution
¦while purging the blood . of impuri-
ties. S.S. S. cures all diseases of a
blood poison origin. Cancer, Scrofula,
Rheumatism, Chrome Sores and
Ulcers, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum, Herpes and similar troubles,
and is an infallible cure and the only
antidote for that most horrible disease,
Contagious Blood Poison.
A record of nearly fifty years ol
successful cures is a record to be proud
of. S. S. S. is more popular today
than ever. It numbers its friends by
the thousands. Our medical corres-
pondence is larger than ever in the
history of the medicine. Many write
to thank us for the great good S. S. S.
has- done them, -while others are seek-
ing advice about their cases. All
letters receive prompt . and careful
attention. Our physicians have mada
a life-long studyof Blood and Skin Dis-
eases r and better understand such cases
than the ordinary practitioner who
makes a specialty of no one disease.
S/Sfe <£& We are doin » great
&{L<i 0t^ good to suffering
humanity through
partnient,.and invite
you to write tig if you have any blood
or skin trouble. We make no charge
whatever for this service.
The Oldest and Best.
AJVEBTISrrWrTWTS. :
I High Mark J
When 'perfection is reached A
the highest mark is touched. • { >
J; .Hunter |
I -Whiskey I
' T jt
' Is perfect In j|
p Age, Pii rity, Flavor. |
: U Its •standards of- quality Is . J|
3> : . unique, uniform, Invariable. ',, n>
P It Is al vays best by every 22
<p test. r ; Sp
<fc CHRTSTTA'WISECOSDnSSIONpO^Iae, ,^>
' <fi 827 Biosntie £*•* Ban Franriteo, pal. <T>
7R Telephone Mala 871 fk
feKes^r3J9^^^^eBefej7js^^MINING MAN WHO KILLED
TWO MEN IN SELF-DE
FENSE. • *
"Four days i later I attached" the provi
sions and tools of the Gold Ridge Company
for the back salary due me and j went over
to the mine to act as keeper of the at
tached goods. | When I got to the house I
found Muller." and "the two O'Connors
there,* all' armed with, rifles. >- They dared
me, to lay a hand on any of the provisions
even If I had the • authority of the court
to .'act. " They started .to abuse me -and
Phelan* Meets Armed Men.
"As subsequent events proved, .Muller
had spread these reports about me in or
der to get me into a- fight and have me
arrested.. The opposition had heard 'that
I intended to file a location on the Gold
Ridge property,- and wanted to have me in
jail, on the night the year ended. I found
letters on; Muller's : body, to that- effect,
written to . him by the president of the
company. .Two. weeks before Christmas
of Ithat year I thrashed . Muller for lying
about me and he had me arrested and put
under bonds to keep the'peace. The. week
before Christmas 'Muller. came, up to me
in the hotel at Sierra City and started to
abuse me. - I knocked . him down and hp
rushed off to get' a warrant . for me, but
the Justice refused to issue. it' when he
learned that Muller, was the aggressor.
Phelan yesterday gave his version of the
tragic events that took place at that time
and made the following statement:.'. / :
- "As no work was being done ¦ on the
mine the property - would revert : to r; the
Government when the year expired. I was
acting' as superintendent for the Hilda
mine, which was situated across the Yuba
River from where the 1 : Gold Ridge; mine
was. -Two week3 before Christmas, 189*5,
Paul Muller, ., the foreman of the Gold
Ridge mine, -spread ; malicious \ stories
about me. I had .been his friend from
the day I first met him at Vallejo Junc
tion; and had also . befriended Dan and
James O'Connor. ; I loaned them money
and gave them work under me when I
was of -the Gold Ridge
mine. When the directors got into a dis
pute Muller and the O'Connors went over
to the opposition and, lived on the mine
as. guards, being always armed -to tha
>teeth. ¦ - i: ¦ . ¦¦ ". ¦ . ¦"¦-. ¦'¦¦:¦..--. ¦¦
Tells of Muller's Death.'
The fight was also carried on in the
Superior Courts of San Francisco. Phe
lan -and his friends had paid assess
ment on their stock and when they found
that the money, was voted as salary for
the president and secretary suits -• were
filed and restraining orders secured. The
end of the litigation was that the Phelan
faction scored , a victory. Judgment was
given for the recovery of the assessment
money and Phelan and his friends pro
tected their stock by injunction of i the
court restraining the opposition from vot
ing to sell the stock for non-payment of
assessment, as had been threatened.
Shortly before Christmas, 1896, Phelan
determined that he would protect his in
terests and those who sided with hlni by
locating on the mine on the night the year
ended.
Dan O'Connor openly boasted that he
fired the giant powder at the orders of
those .who. were opposed to Phelan. and
statements were made that Phelan was
to have been included In-, the explosion, of
his house. . . ,:,-¦-< . . : . .
The buildings on the property were
blown up and the aevelopment tunnels
were wrecked with "giant powder, N the de
struction being performed by Dan
O'Connor, 'who afterward met his death
at Phelan's hands. , *. , ¦ r
When the. big railroad- strike of 1S94
ended Fhelan left San Francisco with a
number of miners bound for the Sierra
County, mine, in which he was interested.
He was superintendent of the mine and
the prospects ahead . were bright, but
after ' some months a • dispute arose
among the. stockholders and two factions
wore formed. Phelan and those who
sided with him accused the other faction
of fraudulent., dealings over a proposed
sale of the mine to an Eastern man; and
a deadlock ensued. The president of the
cqmpany, who was opposed to Phelan
and his friends, controlled the majority
of the directors, and .as a result all worn
on the mine was suspended.
Two Factions Were Formed.
It was while he was running the hotel
that Phelan first became connected with
the Gold Ridge ¦ mine, purchasing an fn
terest therein, j Associated with Phelan
were well-known business men of San
Francisco. . ; -'
Richard Phelan Is ; an Irishman by
birth, about .45 years of <«gev' -He left his
home in -1876-- and | wont' to 'Canada; and
then came to the United 1 States. ' For
many, years he worked in various smelt
ers ",in the West and secured a thorough
knowledge of mining and geology. In
1886 Phelan was employed at ¦ the ¦ Selby
•Smclting- Works at. Vallejo Junction- as a
refiner, of precious metals, and when he
left the employ of the Selby Company' he
built and opened a hotel at Vallejo
Junction. ¦ , -
and. his partners, and in order that there
may be no hitch in the plans of the com
pany every effort is being made to secure
restoration to citizenship for Phelan, who
at present is at liberty, on. parole granted
by thfi State Board of Prison Directors.
Sues for Support.
Celia. Berry, who Was married to Curtis
Berry, a clerk In the Emporium, at Oak
land, in December, 1S9S, filed a suit for
maintenance against her husband yester
day. She : alleges that he deserted her
last November. They have one child.
L. A. Shaver, solicitor in the Law De
pratment at Washington, arrived here
yesterday to represent the Government in
the case of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission against the Southern Pacific
Company. Testimony in the case will be
taken before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock to-morrow morning at
10 o'clock.
Solicitor Shaver Is Here.
The weekly meetings of the various
ministerial unions were well attended
yesterday. Rev. H. A. RIsser, a mission
ary, delivered an interesting talk before
the Congregational ministers on his ex
perience in Idaho mining camps. Rev.
A. I. Goodfriend read a paper on "Whv I
Am a Christian" before the Presbyterian
ministers yesterday. On Monday next
the Rev. W. H. Landon. D.D., will read
a paper before the same body on how to
hold in the church and Sunday schools
l>oys between 15 and 20 years of age.
Ministers' Meetings.
The petition of Annie E. Slavan for a
writ of prohibition restraining -the Board
of Education from acting upon 'her res
ignation was denied by Judge Seawell
yesterday. Judge Seawell held that the
acceptance by the board of a resignation
was not a judicial action and that In con
sequence he had no power to interfere.
Petition for Writ Denied.
The Gold Ridge mine Is no longer in
existence, for the property Is now known
as the Middle Tuba mine, and a number
of prominent business men of San.Fran
cisco are interested with Phelan in devel
oping it. In a quiet way considerable
work was done on the mine before the
present winter set in and stopped opera
tions. Those' who have seen the mine
and have kept track of the development
work, say that a bonanza awaits Phelan
The history of the Gold Ridge mine
reads like a romance, and from the time
tho property was first located disaster
and death have been" the fortune of the
men who have workeU on its quartz
veins and Dlacer beds.
grant a full nardon to Richard
Phelan, tho former superintendent of the
Gold Ridge mine, situated at the head
waters of the Middle Yuba River, who
iyas sentenced to serve twenty-five years
in\ San Quentin prison for the killing . of
Dan O'Connor near Sierra - ". City, October
19. 1S97. r
MINING circles are ; much inter
ested in the statements made
during the last few. days that
Governor ".. Gage ;is likely i to
•The parents of the little actress chose
Mrs. Perkins, though the little one her
self selected Mrs.. Sarah M. Smith, who
is a friend of Mrs. Susie de Angelis, the
woman who has had charge of the Japa
nese girl since she was fourteen months
of aze. ¦
Doris Hannah Shlmozumi, the littl*
Japanese • maiden • for the custody of
whom - several charitably -inclined ladles
of -this city and. Oakland have been bat
tling in the' courts for the last six weeks,
has found a home at last. Judge Kerri
gan decided . yesterday -.that Mrs. -Emma'
G. Perkins-,- wife of Deputy City Treas
urer ChaTles . B. Perkins of 728 ' Haight
street, be , her guardian. '
Custody of Little Doris Hannah
' Stdmozumi.
Wife of Deputy Treasurer Secures
MRS. ' EMMA* O. PERKINS .
IS APPOINTED GUARDIAN
- "Tom Pauling, -an old Scotch pioneer 'of
Sierra County; came to me after my con
viction and. said he .was coerced into Und
ine me guilty when In the jury-room.
Pauling killed himself the day I was sen
tenced. It was a notorious fact that Jim
O'Connor associated ' with' some of the
jurors; every day during the week of my,
trial i • - •* ' ¦ ¦ ¦ '
; "When T was called uo for sentence the
Judge asked me if I had anything to say.
I started to speak, but my lawyer pulled
me- down ;to my chair and when jl in
sisted on speaking, the Judge shut me off.
aulckly sentenced ; me and ordered-the
Sheriff to me. , - - -
"When I was In San Quentln I appealed
to Governor Gaee and - laid all the facts
In mv case before him. , Governor Gage
was very kind to me when he -visited the
rtrison and I am I indebted to him and to
Warden Aguirre . for the just . manner in
which they have treated me.
; "Governor Gage said that my ca«e was
a very ' serious ; one .. and that ' the fact i of
my • having killed' two men j within eight
months called for. the most careful con
sideration of my case. ..The: evidence I
Dlaced in the hands of the Governor was
voluminous and > he; recommended to the
Board of Prison Directors that I be given
a narole. ': This was in June of last year."
The : friends* • of Phelan are , easer. that
he be a full nardon by Governor
Gage In order • that ; he may 1 be able, to
attend to his business .without- interrup
tion In addition to the Middle Tuba mine
Pneian la interested In manv othp' dtod
erttesand Js desirous ,of> going -E«»«»t. in
order to dispose of some of th«»m. -.Under
the-tenns ' nf ; his ' parole Ph«»lan .cannot
leave the Stat<\ though In' all other re
snects he Is free... . : ''¦¦'¦.¦'- ¦
Juryman Pauling Kills Himself
"When I saw he was dead I took .his
pistol and went to Sierra City and gave
myself up. O'Connor'** pistol had three
empty shells in.lt and my rifle had but
one empty shell and both weapons were
given to the Sheriff.
'.'I was given a preliminary examination
and -was discharged .at Downievllle by
Judge Howe, who decided that- it was a
clear case of self-defense. To my great
surprise District Attorney ; Wehe had me
indicted by the Grand Jury. ¦ I secured
Judge Soward -to defend me and later
learned that he was the brother-in-law
of Wehe. The local newspaper, up there
bitterly . assailed me and decided that I
was guilty of a cowardly murder. . The
editor* of that paper was a member of
the Grand Jury that indicted me and his
associate editor,' a lawyer, assisted the
District Attorney to presecute me. -
"The jury i was out many hours and
found me guilty of murder In the second
degree and recommended me to the mercy
of the court. If ;I was guilty., of killing
a man from ambush, as the prosecution
alleged, why should the jury recommend
me to mercy. and find me guilty of mur
der in the second degree? To kill a man
from ambush is a cowardly crime and
should be punished with death.
"The threats continued- and on October
19, 1897, I started for Sierra City to get
a warrant for. Dan O'Connor's arrest.' He
had told two men that day that he In
tended to kill me that night. I took my
rifle with me when I started out: At the
foot of the Hilda trail a shot suddenly
wentjright in front of my face. 1 could
not see where It came from. I jumped
around and then as a second shot was
fired I saw O'Connor. I dropped on. my
knees and fired at him with my rifle.- I
struck him on the left side of the neck
and the. bullet came out on the right side.
Kills O'Connor in Self -Defense.
"Kane -told me of the threats and so
did hia parents., O'Cohnor told them that
he Intended • to drop some giant | powder
down the chimney of my house by means
of a long pole and that he wanted young
Kane to quit the place as he did not want
to blow him up also.
"On July 4, 1897, Dan O'Connor told
Charles Kane that on the following day
he would have a funeral on the Middle
Yuba and 'that he intended to kill me. I
became tired- of these threats and de
termined to go over to Sierra City and
have O'Connor arrested and bound over
to keep the peace.
. The pleasant relations between Phelan
and Dan O'Connor lasted but a few
weeks. Phelan one day discovered that
Dan O'Connor was falsifying the time
books, and the foreman was called to ac
count. He was told that he ought -to bo
dismissed, but that for the. sake of friend
ship he could work as 'a miner. "
"Dan O'Connor, quit his position," said
Phelan yesterday, In talking over the
event that led to the killing of O'Connor
some months later.- "He left the mine
and went to live at the ford on the Middle
Yuba River, where I crossed almo3t every
day In going from the Hilda to the Gold
Ridge mine. He made threats to dozens
of people that he intended to kill me, and
these threats came to my ears. I was
afraid to go over the ford, fearing that
Dan O'Connor would keep his word and
kill me. He borrowed rifles from two peo
ple up there, and when they heard of his
threats they asked for the rifles back.
Phelan and his friends having a ' clear
title by location to the Gold Ridge prop
erty, commenced in 1897 to work. upon it.
Phelan was superintendent and. gave Dan
O'Connor a position as foreman and tirrle
keeper., . '. " ¦ • • • .
Makes O'Connor His Foreman.
I called ' Jim O'Connor r a v.llar. He
rushed at me, and , then - Muller started
firing at me from the bunk where he was
sitting. I grabbed Jim O'Connor and : held
him in front of me and Muller's bullet
struck him in the'back. ¦ I. fired- over
O'Connor's shoulder and shot Muller with
my revolver while he was still firing at
me. Dan O'Connor tried to get to his
rifle, but I covered him ,and made him
throw up his hands. . V _ : • : ¦ .-¦¦¦ -
' "I took ''their/ rifles, and broke them
against aUree, and the rellcsare now in
the hands of : the. Sheriff df the county,
to whom I gave them. After the^snoot
ing I assisted Muller and Jim O'Connor,
both of whom had been shot. Muller died,
and I made Dan O'Connor come", with me
and go to Sierra City for a doctor and the
Coroner. .:> I searched Muller's body, and
found the letters I have spoken* of, > and
also -notices of location in the names", of
those who had opposed me and . my
friends. "I put up my location notices.that
night on the Gold Ridge property before
I started out for Sierra' City (or the doc
tor. -A- terrible, snowstorm was raging at
the -time,, and' one of my snowshoes broke
and I sent Dan O'Connor on ahead.
Dan O'Connor begged me to forgive him
for all that he had done against me, and
I agreed to do so. I gave myself up to
the Sheriff for the killing of Muller, and
at my preliminary examination I was
promptly acquitted, the evidence of the
two O'Connors -showing that I had acted
In. self-defense.". ; • ¦"'<- . ; .
I have serious doubts as to the correctness
rii the conclusion here declared, to the effect
that a Judgment of a Justice's or Police Court.
rendered within its jurisdiction, convicting a
defendant of a misdemeanor in effect will be
nullified and set- aside by a mere Judgment of
a Superior Court rendered thereafter convlct-
ItiE the same defendant of a felony. It seenu
to me that the judgment of a. Police Court.
rendered within its jurisdiction, has the same
effect, force and dignity as a judgment of a
Superior Court.
The Supreme Court upholds McGuire' s
contention and orders that he be sent to
Fuisom without further delay, but can
not see that he should be allowed to es
cape punishment for his crime. The
opinion was written by Chief Justice
Beatty. with whom Justices Van Dyke,
McFarland and Henshaw concurred.
Justice Garoutte, however, writes a
strongly dissenting opinion as follows:
The Supreme Court, in a decision ren
dered yesterday, established the prece
dent that a Judgment of a Superior Court
supersedes that .of a Justice's or Police
Court. It is contended, however, by Jus
tice Garoutte and other prominent mem
bers of the bar that the lower courts in
their own jurisdictions have equal forca
with the higher tribunals. No case of
ihe kind has ever previously been before
the courts of California, and since the
point in question was first raised the mat
ter has been the source of much specu
lation among the members of the legal
fraternity-
Late in June James McGulre was cap
tured la an attempt to burglarize a Mar
ket-street store. He was first arraigned
on a charge of carrying a concealed
¦weapon and upon conviction was sen
tenced to spend six months In the County
Jail. A. little more than a. month later
he was tried for the burglary and sen
tenced to three years at Foisom.
The law states that the sentence of a
Superior Court must be put into execu
tion within a period of forty days. Sher
iff Lackmann decided to keep McGuire
In the city until the expiration of the
minor sentence and then to take him to
Foisom. The prescribed • limit of torty
days having elapsed, the prisoner's at
torneys petitioned for a writ of habeas
corpus on the ground that the law had
been disregarded by the Sheriff. Tney
contended also that the judgment of the
Superior Court had made that of the Pp
lice Court void.
A. C. Adams, a clerk living at 421 Bush
street, while walking on Hayes street,
above Larkin, about 5 o'clock yesterday
morning was approached by a masked
man, who. placed a revolver against his
abdomen and ordered him to throw up
his hands. Adams promptly complied with
the demand and the robber searched him.
but found nothing. The robber was about
5 feet 11 Inches tall and wore a white soft
bat and light overcoat.' Adams reported
the matter to the police yesterday.
Albin Peterson, known as the "Minne
apolis Kid.", was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on the charge of robbery, .in
$2000 bonds. On the morning of Decem
ber 29 W. H. Hanson, a lumber dealer
living at the Pendleton, 900 Sutter street,
while on his way home was attacked on
Geary street, near Powell, by two men,
who knocked him down and robbed: him
of his gold watch, valued at $150, and $100
In cash. Peterson was seen by two wit
nesses following Hanson along Geary
street and leaving the scene of the hold
up.
Judge Cabaniss did some expeditious
work yesterday with Edward Vaughan,
who appeared before him on>a charge of
robbery. About 5 o'clock last Sunday
morning Samuel McDonald, a machinist
living 'at 560 Howard street, was knocked
down and robbed by two men at Harriet
and Howard streets. His cries attracted
the attention of Policeman Fly nn, who
clubbed Vaughan end captured him. The
Judge, after hearing the evidence, held
Vaughan to answer before the- Superior
Court in $2030 bonds.
Jackson Williams, a colored man, was
convicted by a Jury In Judge Cook's court
yesterday on the charge ¦ of robbery ¦ and
will be sentenced this morning.' The
Judge jntima ted that In view of the num
erous hold-ups In the city, he would make
an example of Williams. On the morn-
Ing of December 7 Hairy Carlson, a sail
er, who had been drinking, was in a res
taurant on East street, when Williams
approached him j and suggested that he
should take him to his vessel. Carlson
consented, and when they got outside
Williams demanded 23 cents, which was
refused. He then knocked Carlson down
and took all his money from him.
McG-uire Case Arouses Much
Comment Among the
Lawyers.
Vaughan and Peterson Held
to Answer on Similar
Charge.
Colored. Man Is Convict
ed of Robbery by a
Jury.
Supreme Court Declares
Status of Lower
Courts.
NOVEL PROBLEM
IS WORKED OUT
LONG SENTENCE
FOR WILLIAMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLvTUESDAYi^ANTJARY 14,^^
Mining Man Recounts How in
He Shot Paul Mulierl and Dan O'Connor
and Received Long Term in S^n Quentiri
RICHARD PHELAN EXPECTS
A PARDON FROM GOVERNOR
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR; MEYERS> CO.
7j Wll\ SPECULISTS f 0R MDJ.
I at \ Established 1SSL , Con-
|r<ni.T"*r "I buI t a tion and private boo*
I j*** ~.\ tree at office or by malL
\ >^^^» / i - ures guaranteed.
\&*C$7 731 MAR KE T ST-
xZ-Si^ 6 AN FRANCISCO, CXU
Could Hardly be Galled Guring Him.
Suppressing the Local Expression of Catarrh with Astringents is Not to Cure, but
Only to Smother the Disease— It is Still in the Blood and Sooner or Later Will
Reappear at the Old Point or Break Out Elsewhere, Perhaps Find Its
Vent in a More Important and Less Accessible Spot, Which
Will Add to the Distress or Danger from the Disease.
A distinguished rpecialist In the treatment of . because it is of finer and more delicate texture will only suppress its outward manifestation In
e«.t£rrh»l diseases eaye: • and much easier affected. Thus it follows that one spot, drive it in to, perhaps, 'attack some
"Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and Inhal- any remedy, to make a permanent cure, "must more Important and deeper seated structures.'
ers cannot really cure catarrh, because this act on and through'' the blood, and when the Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are taken Internally,
disease Is a blood disease, and local applica- blood is purified from catarrhal poison the af- they search out and eliminate catarrhal poison
•tions, if th?y accomplish anything at all, elm- fected skin or mucous membrane will become wherever the blood goes, and that means. to
p!y eive transient .relief. . ; . . . natural and healthy. every nook' and corner of the body. This is how
"The catarrhal poison is In the blood and the Remember always that catarrh is much more they have won their great reputation for. posl-
tnucoue membrane of the nose, throat and bron- than Just an ailment of the nose. Catarrh is a. tive and permanent cures. This is why so many
chial tubes tries to relieve the f yetem by se- systemic disease, perhaps oftener affecting the testify that they are cured so the disease does
cming large quantities of mucous, the dis- mucous membrane lining the nose than any not. come back after a. time: , A cure that Is
charge-«ometimes closing up the nostrils, •drop- other one place, but frequently ' finding^ vent radical and lasting is the only real. cure. It Is
ping Into the throat, causing deafness T>y clos- elsewhere. . • ; . • . . easy to dry up or drive in and suppress catarrh
ing- the eustachian tubes, and aXter a time Catarrh is the beginning of more diseases a t some local point, with drying or astringent
causing catarrh of the stomach 'or serious than &M other causes combined and Is Apable applications, but this is only a miserable sub-
throat and lung troubles. . . ;. " O f attacking most^flulds, tissues and organs of terfuge. a makeshift that will soon be appar-
"A remedy to really cure catarrh must be an the body. This malady gets into the outside or ent .when •„ treatment . is discontinued. Not so
interna! remedy which will cleanse the blood covering ekln and is known as eczema, which witn the radical constitutional cure by the use
from catarrhal poison and remove It from the- is the most frequent disease of the integu- of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets which, though not
system. XVh€n this is done the local expression ment. over one-third of all cases of skin disease so rapid ot action as are some suppressing
of catarrh in the mucous membrane will disap- being eczema; it gets into the nose, causing a measures, are lasting and satisfactory, to the
pear." filthy and offensive discharge from and fre- end. The- catarrhal constitution once righted
This Is abundantly proven by the success at- quently ulceration. rotting or decay of. its Us- the first little cold does not bring about a re-
tenfling the use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, sues: it gets into the eyes arid diminishes their »}m of the disease. The certainty and per-
Taken internally and acting upon the constltu- beauty and usefulness; into the throat and In- rnanency of the cures accomplished by Stuart's
ticn only-through the blood they overcome the Jures the voice; Into the eustachian tube and Catarrh Tablets accounts for the fact that, the
pystemic predisposition to the disease and antl- middle.ear. Impairing hearing or causing "head mu ! tl M 1< ? e pf ovle who have , used : them . are
dote or eliminate all catarrhal poison. They noises"": Into the stomach and produces dyspep- s0 layish In their nralse.
cure catarrh of one part as readily as of other sia: Into the bowels when it Is called diarrhea \ A leading druggist in Albany, speaking of ca-
parts. no matter where It lurks In the system [usually chronic diarrhea); into the lymphatics tarrh cures, says: --"I have sold various catarrh
they will cure it with equal ease and certainty, and becomes scrofula; Into the respiratory or- cures for years, but have never sold any. which
The catarrh burdened sufferer has simply to sans and causes bronchitis and consumption; K ave such general satisfaction as Stuart'a Ca-
take them and they will do the rest ' Into the urinary organs -and entails Brlght's tarrh Tablets. They contain in a pleasant; con-_
plications, being applied direct to the exact Catarrh of the outside skin or Integument, of obtained aTt.r. a week s use of Stuart s Catarrh
F pot wher* the catarrh manifests Itself, would the eyes.- ears,- nose, throat, bronchial tubes. * ' . npnUh ., -_-. t nrpath anA „«.,„"
J* the most rational treatment, yet this has lungs, liver, stomach.. bowels, kidneys, bladder -^^u 1^^^^}^^^^^:
been conclusively proven not to be so. The ex- and other organs, is but a local manifestation temic tendencies,' as well as. the disagreeable
ternal or covering skin and the mucous mem- of a' lurking constitutional disease, .hence' the local manifestations, of catarrh, - Stuart's . Ca-
brmne. which is a continuance of the nme and folly of attempting Its cure with local applica- tarrh Tablets are/, your hope, and, if persist-
but an internal or lining skin, are made and tions alon* that only suppress or smother It -for V^^ D uon R fromThis D reva^n\ Toath^me
repaired from the blood, and catarrh Is a blood a time. It needs searching systemic" raedtca- loathsome
disease manifesting Itself In them, most fre- tion to effectually eradicate this blighting taint Stuart's Catarrh Tablets can -be bought 'at
yuenUy In the lining skin or mucous membrane, from the constitution. k Purely local treatment any drug stpre for "00 .cents a box, , ' ;<.¦>'
O /?.« N' CO.
Only Steamaliip Xjlra« U»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
pointK, nil rail or steamship and rail, at
xiOivzisT n^Lrross.
STEAMER TICKETS 1H0LCSE BJSRTH aad MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails
:...;.. ..Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 2, 12. 22.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
J ...Jan. 18. 28: Feb. 7. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
X>. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.S.F.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of salllnr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU.
Tuesday. February 25th. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU...
....Friday. March 21it, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBX. S0OTHAHPT05. L0NS05, PARI3,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia . ..Jan. 2?! Philadelphia ...Feb.'12
St. Paul ..Jaiu2T> St. Paul Feb. l!>
St. Louis Feb. 51 St. Louis Feb. 26
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
• From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon. ¦
Southwark Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb. 12
Vaderland -Tan. 29 Haverford Feb. li»
Kensington Feb. 5 Friestand Feb. 28
INTERN ATIOXAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. 1>. TAT LOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Slid Americana de Vapors:
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL Jan. 2S PALENA .Feb. 23
GUATEMALA.. Feb. 15 A steamer —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
anrl passencer office. 316 California, street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.-
PANAMA R,VK ?
TO NEW YORK Vl\ PANAM\ OlHESr,
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll • • ails Tuesday, Jan. 28 '
5. S. Leelanaw falU.Vonday, Feb. 3
6. S. Argyll ¦ .rail* Monday. Mar. 1O
From, Howard-street wharf at 2 p. ra.
Freight r.nd Passenger Office. 330 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanics.s.eo. as&ssss
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. . . .Thurs., Jan. 16, 5 p. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Jan. 25. "02. 2 p. m.
J. D.S?ffidEU k BROS. CD., toarai Hants. 327 Rartn Si
ta'l Piangtr OtScs, 143 Varkat St., far Is. 7. Pacifc tt
C0XP1OXI3 6X5IKU.1 TX1H8ATLA5TIQ71
DIKKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3 ,»^_
Sailing every Thursday. Instead ol*«£3£3i>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 4i.iirWl**»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI Ss CO.. Pacific Coai«
Arents. 5 'Montgomery -avenue. San Francisco.
Tlck»f sold by all Ttallroad Tickrt A Kent*.
BAT "AND BT7EB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAR3 AND VALLEJO
:* Steinen 6E5. FRI3BI2 or M0NTIC2LL0
- 8:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. ra.. except Sua-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 pv m. Leavta
Vallejo 1 ¦ a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. nc. except
Sunday. Sunday. .1 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* M
cants. Teleohone JJato 1508. Landinc aad
of flc*. pier 2. Mlsslon-strMb 4ock. HATCH
BROS. '
The Weekly Call.
$1 pep Year.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L Steamers leave Broadway
jQl^. "Wharf, Pan Francisco:
fSEbRkk. For Ketchlkan. • Juneau.
tSra^^w- Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
|& p fe5»2 i t»J\ rn.. Jan. 11. 1«. 21. 2<\ 31.
tf\ *7i*l 'Effi^ Feb. 5. Chanse to company's
! JBSfiaciV^n steamers at Seattle.
i r**«lMKiKt For Victoria. Vancouver.
JA Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
• —^«^ coma, Everett. New What-
«m— 11 a. nw Jan. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Feb. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 12. 17. 22. 27. Feb. I.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — steamer Santa. Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Ca!.. Wednesdays. 0 a. m. ¦
For Los Angeles., calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). «Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San
Pedro and 'Newport <*Bontta only).
Bonita. » a. m.. Jan. 2. 10. 18, 26. Feb. 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14, 22. 30. Feb. ..
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., ith o£ eacn
month.
For further Information obtain folders.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
*»° ¦ •¦- .>"¦ '.¦¦¦ '¦¦¦ ¦-.•'-'¦¦ • ¦¦ . , ; ',- (-•'-'. -.-¦ '¦¦'¦¦.¦ ;¦' ¦ ¦ : ¦ . ; • ; - t
$% The'most successfulUanuary.Sale in the history of the big store. Thousands of ;
J buyers yesterday taxed our selling facilities, in many departments, to the utmost.;
if Don'tmiss the great sales, of; Silks,; Gloves, Table Linens, Women's and Children's \
¦• garments,-: Men's Clothing, Furnishings' and Shoes. We, can only give you a brief;
'jt summary of trie values in 'this^^ small announcement. " . , ; •
!> fl.oo t6 $1.50 Gloves for^; /'.'¦ . . . 68c $2.75 Hemstitched Damask Table Cloths. . Men's 50c Fancy Hoss now cut to . . 25c «
• • iiffs'to $2.25 Gloves icr .'..;. -98 C ¦.-..-.. . .....:.. $1-98 Men's $12.50 and $15.00 Suits . .$8,45-
S*I Mea's to "J 6.00 Shoej. for . . $2.45, $1.50 per dozen Damask Napkins '. .$1,17 Mfn's $17-50 ar.d $20.00 Suits . $10.85 '
> 85c Silks; thiee popular weaves; more than. 33 j U25 ptr dozen .Bleached Towels, each . 8c Men's $12.50 Overcoats . . . .$8.45 }
jj> colorings; per yard ." . . '., . . . . 58C 18 inth pure linen Crash, psryard ¦. . . He You" hi" $10 Suits (13 to 19 years) $6.98 '
t] $1. 50 Crochet Spreads for ;•. ¦ .V. $1.18 Men's '•^ : P<rrca'e Shirts, srrjped effects :69s Beys* $2-45 SMIor Slits . . . .$1,4-8'
• '$3^00 per pair Blankets for .: '. .; ¦ . r. $2.13 Me.Vs % 1 Pleated Besom Go.f Sh r rts . . 69c Boys' 3-Pieci K ee Pants Suits - . $3.48 "
|> Lidies 1 $8.50 to fio.co Jackets for/., $6*95, -Men's 5oc-Merino Underwear . . . . 33c Be yj* A f-Wool Knee Pants Suits . $2 35 -
|I' Ladies' Ji 2. 50 and $15 Raglans for ,'."$7-. 95 "Men's 75c Flseced lined Merino Underwear . 85c Mutlin Curtains, per pair . . . . G9o '
ijj! Ladies' $ 3 ¦> and '40' Costumes. $24.75 ...•.•..*' .^ ....... . . 49 C $1>IS Nottingham La;c Curtains, pair . 88 O '
Si Ladies' $5.00 and $6.00 Eiderdown Wrappers Men's Neckwear — In ; all • styles ; and winter i 1.5a Colored Muslin Curtains, pair . $1,13 "
J' .:..'.% VL ..;r: ¦..¦;•.•-..'._•.•;. $2-!J5 /effects: neckwear that ¦ was; 25c to $1.50; Men's 51.85 Black Fedora HatJ . . . Q8c •
i m\ Lidies' 75c Muslin: Gowns >'•: '. . . -'."'.¦. 45C r .marked to, close .. ...122, 17c f SO ~i Boys* 25c Golf Cap* I60 '<
I ji. Ladies' 75c Muslin Drawers fcr .*. . 45? Men's x<;c Wool Hose now. y. 1 . '. ¦ 16O S Owl Cfjas f ,r . . . ". 25o '
?95c Satin Table Damask, per yard :... 79C Men's>Silk' Finished Japanot Handkerchiefs, 8 Kcnown Ciga-s fjp . .... . . 25o }
85c half bleached Damask, -"per yard : '. 6B0 ; ; dozen .". T." '. '. v: . . . . 55S 8 N.lha.i Hale C.gars 25o '
if ' : ; -An.i hundreds fli [ other " : bargains equally j as good as these. Come mornings if \
ijp tiossiMe- ; Prompter 'and -more satisfactory set vice then. •]
I freeSirionhele!' ¦^•¦;~ W "" i $W &* Califori>Ja,'6^ La.r$Cfit- jra a, you see "ad" to avoid ;
• • .: : . P 1 < :. AnvcncaJa Ora.i\dcM Store. "appontment. ..
K ¦ ., •. , ' ..;. ¦ ¦.. ;. ; . -:.-.. -.. .-.;.. , . .. . :.- ...- - ,- . - , -:....-. . - • . r ,
ft ****** ****** ****** *A***WA W++++ WAA'A'A* AA**** *ArAA*A'A'A'*?A'AA'A •A'aTA'AA* 'A'A'a:a'AA ******* \
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIITM.
IB.KATSGHINSKI I
I" PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
& 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISC).
I DON'T OVERLOOK THIS.
M .We are preparing to take stock
gj and that means the consolidating
¦ or dispensing with certain lines
H that are conflicting. These shoes
a are all In good condition and strict- •
M ly up to date, but as we have de-
B cided to drop them, we "will make
H such BIG REDUCTIONS as will
H sell them off in short order. Ladies'
H Vici Kid Lace Shoes, cloth or kid
H tops, coin toes and tips; sizes 3 to 8: n
B widths AA to E; reduced from $2.50 D
|j and $3.00 to.. $1.35 ; H
I] Ladies' French Vici Kid , Opera m
H Slipper, with bow, coin toes, turned |
H soles and French heels; sizes ZYt to |
H 7; widths A A to C; reduced from
H $1.75 to ..t>5e
I Misses' and Children's Dull Don- 1
I ' gola Kid Lace Shoes, coin toes and 5
I tips, double soles and spring. heels, |
: I guaranteed for wear; widths C to H
; I -EE- ? - ¦¦ " v" • • ... ¦¦ U
I Child's sizes, 6 to 8 '...<S?>c H
a Child's sizes. 8% to 11 J5c ' 1
H : Misses' sizes, 11% to 3 85c i
I W 20 Cents
II . I .. I i Ladies' black
U / - V Overgait e r s,
H ¦¦/ \ made of Scotch
Wi V T \ Beavette
Wi \ Cloth, r e-
Wl Y fe duced to
m •** iiOc a pair
H WE DO NOT GUARANTEE TO
g FILL COUNTRY ORDERS on any
H of the above shoes or slippers as
H the stock- is limited and we have fl
g not full sizes. . ; n
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. i
H . , I O THIRD STREET. p
Kj San Francisco. g
THE EMFOBT01C.Prominent among those who will take
part in the programnje and contribute to
The programme will consist of comic
speeches, recitations, jokes and songs. A
herald attired in farcical costume will
precede the performers and introduce
them to the audience. On the stage will
be placed a large barrel, open in the back
and en top, which will be used by the en
tertainers as a rostrum from which to
deliver their . witty remarks and pour
forth their songs. -
One of the special features^ of the occa
sion will be the .' fantastical costumes
which will be worn by all those who par
ticipate in the pageant. No one willbe
allowed on the floor unless he is attired
in a Narren-kappen, : or, • as it is' more
commonly j called, a fool's cap. In order
to make the scene as ' oicturesque and as
like the celebrated festivals of the father
land as possible, the fool's caps have been
imported from. Cologne for the occasion.
The caps are of all sorts and\ styles,
shapes and colors, and many of them of
highly artistic design.
for the merry . crowd which will attend.
The festival Is planned after those which
have ¦ made the city of ' Cologne' on the
Rhine famous;'the world over. .
The following ladies, who are members
of the ladies' section of the vereln, will
make the honors as reception committee:
Miss E. Plagemann," Mrs. E. Finking, Mls3
Minnie Trost, MUs Annie Krueckel, Miss
Emma Planz. Miss Clara Trost. Miss Edith
Plagemann, Miss Annie Simmen, Miss Lena
. Sablatt; Miss Laura Sablatt. / Miss . Julte tte
gchroeder, Miss E. Gehrkens, Mlsa Johanna
Abraham, Miss Annie Bergmann, . Miss Elsie
Diekelmann, Miss Marie . Eggerling. Miss Jo
hanna Helm, Miss Gretchen Hulst. Mfsa Hattle
Korn, Miss Alice Kalmuck. Itlss Julie Kal
muck. Miss Dorothea Limbaush, Misa Hedwig
Naschka, Mrs. Manning, Miss Clara Rauhut,
Miss Laura Sies. Miss Rose Schafsky, Miss
Rosa Schmidt and Miss Mamie Stettmann.
the ' merriment of the evening are:
Miss Emmie - Busse-Trombonr, j Miss Lottie
Calsing, Professor Joseph Greven, Professor
Hans Goetz, Max Dunow, Robert Lorenta,
Fri^z Hauser, John Hauaer, Harry Nlemann, .
Arthur Brandt. Martin Kfelly. Robert Scheel
and Hans Veronl. • . .
The. arrangements are in the hands of a
committee of eleven, the prescribed num
ber of the "Kliene Rath" (petty council)
with John Simmen, the president Of the
versin, as master of ceremonies. The
other- members of the committee are:
Hans Veronl, William Plagemann, Max
Dunow, Hans Goetz, G. A. Trost, P.
Barthmann, Oscar Hocks, F. Hansmann,
Theodore Planz and Louis Trost (herald).
.And then. the wicked nephew had to go
out behind the woodshed to laugh.—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
. "Amos Keeter I" cried the old . lady
again. "Well, I should say I- did. Many's
the party he's taken me to. Amos Keeter?
Dear, dear; how his name does call up* the
good old times!"
.¦"Knew 'em all!" cried the old lady,
without a moment's hesitation. "Tea, In
deed." ' -¦ ¦ .M.>y..-i _¦;:__
' "D!d you know Amos?" continued the
joker.;
"Say aunty," he put in when he found
an opening in the old lady's continuous
chain of reminiscences, "did you ever
know the Keeter family that used to live
around here somewhere?"
She was a very talkative old aunty and
her memory was remarkable. Her nephew
from the city, soon realized the strength
of both of these characteristics.
"Mike," said Plodding Pete, "da world
owes us & living." ,
» "Yes/' answered "Meandering Mike, "but
In order to collect it we've gotter do
somethm* to convince de world dat "we're
alive.- An' dat' s too much trouble."—
Washington Star. >.* f:*V v£?'".\;
"See. here, if you don't tr4at mo fair X
won't trad© with you any more." - .
"What's the matter?"
"Why, there w%re fourteen potatoes In
the last quart you sold me, and there are
only eleven In this." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Tom— I have seen the girl I want to
marry. I stood behind her at the> window
this morning, and it took her seven min
utes to buy a five-cent elevated railroad
ticket.
Kitty— Did that make you want to
marry her? J* C>"T'.
j| Tom— Yes; I figured she could nsvtr
spend my income at that rate.— Town and
Country. 'I {./'<£
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
TURN VEREIN MEMBERS WHO
WILL TAKE PART IN THE
FESTIVAL.
LITTLE: BOY ! BLUE^-M., Santa "Clara,
- About- the only thing a man can complain » of' in
..California' in these days is that the weather is sovery
lovely /and fair that it 'overdoes the thing. ¦.
TIME "ALLQWANCE-ij. E/ Y City
In the', recent race f or ;the America's cup
the difference in > the two boats was 1 435
foot. This : computed on the time allow
ance of the New York -Yacht Club gave
gi n a a in O 3r B n e C c e on O L 4a C ° nd3 to «« C°fum
11 ¥ hiow> i "ikmi1iiii1b n*Tni mii< an •!¦¦!! 11 ¦ JWrWw^wWIWHI^WHr^M
According to Dun's Review the cost of living in
his country has increased 40 percent since 1697. and
:he farmer has got most of the increase, so we might
is well quit calling him a hayseed and kow tow to
aim as a financier. ..'
, SNOWSTORM— E..M. H., City. The
heaviest '¦ snowstorm Uhat ever visited San
Francisco v was on the 5th : of I February,
1887." The average depth of snow was six
inches. - In', some parts ! of ; the .Western
Addition . the fall , was in," excess of seven
inches. v On ; the ' 31s t of 1 December, 1882,
there was a snowstorm and' the average
fall' was ' four ¦ inches. ¦
The New York legislators are said to- have, formed
a New Year's resolution to. finish their work V and
close the session within twelve weeks, but "there's no
telling what will happen. ¦ ; -¦'¦.',
\ The January dividends just distributed .. in ' New
York, Philadelphia and^Boston amounted to $210,
ooo',ooo, and it is needless to"; say the "recipients are : not
kicking -against trusts. !:. j- •' r .j'\''
A VALUABLE HALF— J. A. D., City.
If the half dollar; of 1838 that you have in
your possession ; is one that has the letter
O between the bust : ; and . the "date it is
worth from $15 .to $25 to dealers, but if it
is one' without ; such , mint mark, then ', it
does not command a premium. -You, must
not mistake the ornament .which loops the
drapery- on the bust for the letterlO/
New York ¦ man 84 -years old who recently ad
vertised for a wife, explained -his eagerness to^ ; get'
married by saying he has 'had thirteen' wives and is
afraid to die with such an unlucky number. .
Cal. The poem entitled "Little Boy Blue,"
in which are the lines,
Under the. haystack Little Boy Bine
Sleeps with his head under his arm.
Was written by. Abby ; Sage Richardson.
If you send a stamped and self-addressed
envelope to this : department the'words
will be sent to you. , .. -
WASHINGTON, D. C..< Jan. 13.-<-The
following Calif ornians registered at the
hotels - to-day: At the National— J. V.
Young, Miss " Baumgarten and J. R.
Goodall of San Francisco.: "At the St.
James— Josephine Macy of San Francisco.
Ex-Mayor -W.H. Workman of I*os An
geles is here in the interest of the 1 pro
posed improvement of San Pedro 'harbor
Calif orians in. "Washington.
i VOTE FOR GOVERNOR— L. p. f P. ;
City; M.D., St. Helena; and others. The
vote for Governor of Ohio last November
was Kilbourne (Dem.) 3G8.525. Nash (Rep.)
'436,092, scattering _22,949; Massachusetts—
Qutncy ¦ (Dem.) f 114,362, Crane (Rep.) 135,
809, scattering 24,349; Iowa— Phillips (Dem.)
143,685, Cummins: (Rep.) 226,839, scattering
19,887. ' :¦¦: ¦. - '• - ..- ; "-¦ •
, It is said there are over 100 men in ¦Congress whose/
incomes from private business are larger than I their
Congressional salaries, but just the; same' it is' safe to
say they did not go to Congress for. their health.; ?
1 Another Democrat who is fully . as astute as Hill
has taken a similar view of the situation of the party.
Mr. Gorman has "achieved the feat of recoveringhis
political power .in Maryland. He has recaptured the
Democracy of the State and through the instrumen
tality of the party has obtained possession of tfie Leg
islature. He*is once more in the" saddle with, all of his
old-time prestige, and perhaps with an increased
wisdom born of experience iii defeat-- It is noted that
The phrase in which Mr. Hill couched his advice
inevitably presents to the mind an .image of Democ
racy on skates, , with thin ice all round and many air
holes in sight. . It is time 'for slow skating and care
ful watching. ...Having gone down the toboggan
slide with disastrous results so. often, this is no time
for Democracy, to take risks on the icepond. A tum
ble just. now might mean a worse thing than befell
it during its" midsummer madness in 1892, when it
went wild in Chicago and nominated Bryan.
DAVID BENNETT HILL was recently visited
by a representative of Boston Democracy and
invited to go to that city some time this win-',
ter and make an address. upon the issues before the
party. The distinguished sage of Wolferts Roost de
clined, and in doing so is reported-, to have said:
"We are in a peculiar position, at the present time,
and my advice tp Democrats is to~skate slow."
_•.. Two universities of high rank for women are to
be opened this 'year,' and the : fact that one of them
is at Tokio and the other at ' Moscow shows "how
American ideas of woman's education. are spreading.
SKATING SLOW.
.' THE FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT—
Old Subscriber, . City. The - fourteenth
amendment to the constitution of L the
United States was passed by a vote of 33
to 11 in ' the Senate and . 120 .to 32 in the
House.: It was disapproved by President
Johnson, but was ratified by the neces
sary number of States and became a law
July 28, 1868. U^v--... ; - >^;t
Frem . Los Angeles— J. J. Haggarty, at
the Albert; R. Sharp, at the Continental;
O. A. Vickery, at the Imperial.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— J. Bennlngham and A. Berncr,
at the Manhattan; T. Doyle, dt the
Grand; J. L. Frasier, at the Imperial; F.
S. Owles, at the Cadillac; H. Brattnober,
at the Plaza; H. G. Coyle, at the New
Amsterdam; S. .'Green, at the Herald
Square; J. C. Kernpoare and wife and N.
McLaren, at the .Holland;' R. U. .Knapp
and wife, "at the Victoria; M. O'Shaugh
nessy, at the Navarre; Mrs. M. J. Plum
mer, at the Kensington. :
Calif ornians in New York.
L. M. Shaw, the new Secretary of the Treasury,
won his^way in early life by sawing wood. .He cer
tainly has now an opportunity to exercise a" trait
mbst'admirable in old or young.
-It is said that 'Secretary Shaw began life by ped
dling fruit trees, and now the 'question, arises what
became of the men who bought the trees and tried to
make a living from them. As- the thing stands' it
seems there is a brighter prospect for one man who
sellstrees than for twenty who cultivate them.
COLD BATH— Enq., City. Water ap-.
plied to the humar/skin at a temperature
below 75 degrees Fahrenheit is called d
cold bath. If applied -to a person, with
sufficient constitutional energy to bear It,
it is a decided and very, powerful tonic.
It promotes solidity, .compactness A and
strength of the body. . ,. : .
CAPTAIN" WEBB'S SWIM— T. A. C,
City. . Captain Matthew Webb, the' re
nowned swimmer, swam from Dover' to
Calais in twenty-one hours and. forty
five minutes, August 24 and 25, 1875.
'In exchanging greetings and swapping compli
ments over the,approaching launch of Emperor Wil
liam's yacht President Roosevelt and the .Emperor
have demonstrated two very, interesting facts. ;¦ Em
peror ¦ William , can't speak' English any better than
President Roosevelt can talk German." It would.be
in th« direction of wisdom for each^tb confine himself
to his mother tongue. . .,.' . . , . ;
A PIONEER— Subscriber, City. "Wfiat
is *a pioneer in California?" asks this cor
respondent. A pioneer, is denned -as one
who came within the borders of Califor
nia before the close of. the year 1849,
MIDWINTER FAIR— Subscriber, City.
The number of i> lights in the electric
tower in the Midwinter Fair of San Fran
cisco was 2945. .
NATIONALITY— Subscriber,' City.. In,
England if an Englishwoman . marries .a
foreigner she follows the nationality of
her husband. 4
KOREA— A. T., .City. The King of
Korea proclaimed himself Emperor on
the 15th of October, 1897. .
John R. Miller and Charles Webb re
turned from Dawson yesterday and have
made their headquarters at the Lick.
Judge Frank H. Short is up from Fresno
on the oil case and has made his head
quarters at the Palace.".
P. J.. Ryan," a prominent politician, of
Chicago, registered at the Palace yester
day. -
John Llewellyn, an oil speculator of Los
Angeles, is among the arrivals at the Pal
ace.
L. D. Hamm, a hotel proprietor of Seat
tle, is at the Palace.
G. "W. Towle, an extensive landowner of
Towle, is at the Grand. «.
F. . C. " Lusk, a prominent attorney of
Chico, Is at the Palace. , '
Dr. W. J. Nelson, a mining expert of.
Mojave, is a guest at the Grand.
Jesse r>. Carr, an extensive landowner
of Salinas, Is a guest at .the Palace. • • ,_'
Hector Burrness, an oil man of Fresno,
is among the arrivals at the Occidental.'
ANSWERS.TO QUERIES.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The New York v Sun attacks the opponents of the
scheme by saying: "We note that the same argu
ments employed by certain local interests in this
country to prevent or at least to postpone the open
ing of our markets to Porto Rico's products are nojv
focused upon President Roosevelt's similar but not
identical plea in behalf of Cuba." The phrase "local
interests" was undoubtedly used by the Sun with the
intention of belittling the advocate of consistent, pro
tection. The phrase, however, recoils on the paper
that used it for that purpose. All American indus
tries are lccal interests in the sense in which the Sun
<t«ed the words. If we are hot to protect our "local
•nterests" what are we to'protect? -In fact,' the only
plain duty that Congress, has in the matter is that of
piotecting our local interests, and, fortunately, it
iecms certain the Republican majority will faithfully
perform it. This isnoaime to tinker with the tariff.
The New York Tribune tries to further gloss over
the evil of the scheme by arguing that it is to be only
temporary. "A six months' arrangement," it says,
"is all that is now required — all, perhaps, that is' now
possible. . This country is not asked to commit it
self "irrevocably to a permanent policy. It is asked
merely to give a living market to the people who are
now under its absolute control until such time as they
can make their own negotiations for a market" Such
a plea is likely to' be effective only with those who do
not stop long enough to reflect that if free admission
to ourjriarkets be once granted to Cuban producers
its continuance will.be urged on the ground that we
have encouraged capital to invest in Cuban enter
prises and are morally bound to maintain the condi
tions under which the investments were made.
When the.agitatfon for reciprocity with Cuba began
it was supported by economic as well as by sentimen- !
tal arguments. It did not take long, however, for
stanch protectionists to refute the economic pleadings
of the schemers and to expose the fallacy of their as
sertions. Of late the plea has been made almost
wholly on sentimental grounds,, and it is. that fact
which enables Republican papers to sustain it with
some show of consistency. They admit, that' to re
duce duties on sugar and tobacco from Cuba would
injure the domestic industries engaged in the produc
tion of those articles, but they plead that we should
submit to the wrong in order to benefit Cuba. They
repeat over and over again that it is "our plain duty"
to make Cuba prosperous by giving her products free
admission to our markets.
CHAIRMAN PAYNE of the Ways and Means.
Committee is reported to have said the House
will probably take up the question of Cuban
reciprocity first of all important measures, giving it •
precedence even over the reduction oi war takes.
Further reports assert that the 'Republican majority in
Congress will stand firmly, by therprotective, sysjern
and defeat the reciprocity scheme. It is evident, how
ever, from the vigor with which the fight is being
made by the press of the larger cities in the East, that
the schemers who seek to break down' protection are
not going to give up without a hard struggle.
That tht Democratic free-trade press should sup
port the Cuban scheme is not surprising. Reciprocity
such as that proposed in this case would be a. triumph
over the protective principle. It would destroy that
uniformity of protection now given to American in
dustry, and would inevitably- lead to demands for fur
ther reciprocity. Moreover, it would force the pro-,
tectionists to undertake to defend the illogical' and
unjust doctrine that some industries should be sac
rificed to make a foreign market for others. It is
surprising, however, to find Republican papers sup
porting the scheme, "and 'yet ' many of them are-:
doing so. . .
OUR PLAIN DUTY.
TUESDAY. ..........JANUARY 14. 1932
JOHN D. SPREC'KELS, Proprietor. -
itfreu All Coamsn!c»Uon'i l» W. 8. LEAKE. Huij«:! If*
. M.iKAGER'S OFFICE ....... .Telephone Pre»i 204
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. .Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Presi 201. '
EDITORIAL, ROOMS SIT to 221 SteTenaoB St.
. .. Telephone Press 202.
Delivered »»y Currier*. 15 Cento Per Weelc '¦•
. Singrle Copies. S Cents. v
Terror or Mftll. Incjndin»r-Po«ta«ei 4 •'¦
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). cn« year...... ....JI.O*
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « x- with*....;... «.<*>
DAILY CALL fincludlng Sunday). *_ months — 1-Bfl
PATLT CALL— By Single Month;. .*...'....... Co
fUNDAT CALL. One Tear .^.. ...... 1.50
WEEKLY CA1I* One Tear. .1.00
All postmaster* nrt- authorized to recelr*
r* ¦nhscrlptlons. 6 ,t
Gaxnpla copies trin be lorwartJed when requested.
Mail «obtertberi In erd«rli.« ehan*» of adflMrt should b«
rartienlar to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tasere a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OJUCLA5D OFFICE. .X118 Broadtrnr '
c. george: krogxess.
Yifc&gtr Foreign idnrtltU?. Xirqtitti Building , CUetfo. ;
'¦' r ' CLonr Distance Telephone "Central 261*.")
. • ¦ IfKW TOBK CORRESPONDENTS'
C. O. CAB.LT05. .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVES
¦TEPBCEJf B. SMITH 3O Trlhnne Bnlldlncr
I KEW. TORK. NITWS STANDS: ,. .
tTiidorf-Aetorla Hotel; A, Brentanq, XI Union Square;
Uranj E1U HoteL .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman BTotsse: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
mrAJHIKGTON <O. C.) OFFICE, . . .1408 G St.. 5. TV.
MOBTOS E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BKAKCH OFFICES— B27 Montiromery. corner of Clay. op*n
until t:M o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. 633
McAUlBter. epen until 9:» o'clock. 615 Larkln. open antfl
r-.M o'dock. I5U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. IMS Valencia, opea
mm t o'clock. 1M Eleventh, ©pen until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until * O'clock.
ten FOlmor*. open vntn t p. m. ,
Such are some of the decrees with which the Dow
ager Empress resumes her government. It can hardly
be doubted that she sincerely desires to increase the
wealth," the strength and the independence of China.
The disasters of the past few. years seem to have
taught her. at last that she must learn from the west.
It is quite possible, therefore, that this woman," who
has risen from the position of a captive slave' girl to
be Empress; of the most populous empire in the world,
may yet prove to be in her old age a reformer equal
to any in history. \
Two decrees deal with the .subject of education."
They provide that less time be given to the study of
the 'ancient classics and more to the acquirement of
useful knowledge. .One decree says: "Human talent
lies at. the foundation of all affairs, and In the culti-.
vation of talent the most important thing is the im
provement of educational methods. * * * Let
earnest efforts be made to inform the mind, to secure
upright conduct, to improve both literary, talents and
character, and to produce men acquainted with the
times and diligent in the pursuit of real usefulness."
The other edict, dealing with students who go abroad
to study foreign methods, says: "Let them acquire
a thorough mastery of some profession and genuinely
exert themselves in the pursuit of useful knowledge."
The administrators of the provinces are exhorted
to bear in mind that "the old customs of the empire
were good, but having been, in operation for a long
time a great many abuses and obstructions have
grown up." They are instructed "to abandon a slav
ish adherence to precedent, ¦: but to be careful to
choose of the new only what is good." Then follows
the announcement: "The object of the establishment
of the Board of Administration is to promote the in
dependence of China. ¦ /China's weakness. is due to her
poverty; "The strength of foreign nations is due to
their wealth. Deliverance from poverty,, therefore, is
the very beginning. and foundation of independence.
But the commencement of .reform ought not- by 'any
means to' wait. upon the attainment of wealth." ;
Whatever may. be;her ! secret designs, the official de
crees issued by: the; Government of the Dowagerj
promise well to China and-to the world. The current ¦
number of Consular Reports is devoted largely to
Chinese affairs, and ; among other official documents .
gives translations of decrees of the Empress^relating
to government and to education. One. of the edicts
takes the control of the general affairs of the country
out of the hands of the Grand Council and vests it in
a department known as "The Board of National Ad
ministration.? To the. new board 'elaborate instruc-'
tion s are given as to means and methods of effecting
reforms. The members are told: "To combine Chi
nese and western ideas and harmonize them will be
very proper. This is important. Legislation must
not be rash, else it ¦ cannot be carried on. This indi
cates how ,we should proceed."
It is reported that on her arrival at the capital -the
Dowager Empress appeared 'to ; be humiliated -and;
looked appealingly to: the foreign Ministers as if
pleading to them for commiseration. If she had any
fears they were quickly . dissipated, for on :': the -very
next day she held' an audience in the most; sacred V
hall. of the palace, an apartment which never before =
had been entered byi; a woman. The act was, signifi- .
cant of her courage and' of her* determination to im
press upon the.Chinese mind that she has lost noth
ing in dignity by.* retiring from the capital before the
advance of the foreigner. ... ... .,,„•' v " 1 "
tightly than ever.
CHINA'S / "grand 'old woman," ¦ the '¦'¦ Dowager ;'
;Empress,i has 'returned to ; the, capital and re
sumed her government. • With her return the
struggle growing put of the uprising of the 'Boxers •
is closed. It remains to be seen it will prove
but an episode in Chinese history, .or -the
•point 'of a new' epoch.: In: determining that issue" no'
other personal influence will-.count for half so much
as that of the old woman who- has once more grasped /
the reins of power. and seems to hold them rnore"
-THE I WOMAN AT 'PEKING.
I 'French newspapers are greatly agitated ; : over an al
leged scheme^ of the Rockefellers to furnish gas to
Paris. These alarmed • critics should have judgment
enough to know : that r the ¦ Rockefellers are much- too
shrewd to compete against so palpably ; a . natural
product of the -French capital. . \ ,-"' ;'/•¦/., >:'
If we had large-sized politics in this State this sit
uation would call out an exhibition of statesmanship.
The next Legislature must dear with this subject. !
The State now relies on a commission that is no
longer a good scarecrow.- The railroads know that it
is only a pair of old trousers and a shirt on a forked
stick. They pay no attention to it, except to prolong
the useless proceedings which it institutes, because
they figure. in the programme of delay which is the
policy of the corporations. The/commission, has had
a judicial death and, awaits legislative burial.. In its
place should be .some system in the form of ' a
tribunal of first, instance, with a defined appeal which
cuts out intermediate courts and gets promptly into
the final tribunal. The millennium is no doubt on
the way, but has not arrived, and until it comes
transportation companies are going to need regula
tion as to rates and equality of charge for equal ser
vice..- Over these acts issues will continue to arise
and should go to trial in a judicial body and not be
fore a nullity. f > ....
We are not disposed to attack the railroads for
availing themselves of their legal right. Indeed, that
they do so may favorably affect the future, by letting
the people see plainly that their Railroad Commission
is a non-legal, unconstitutional body, without power
to enforce the simplest of its orders.
The railroads get advantage of the long investiga-'
tion by the commission, and then that of the long
judicial investigation^by the courts, and at the end of
it, if anything is left of the. oil business, it will have
survived only to hear that the California Railroad
Commission has no power to enforce any decision
it may. make. ' ".
It is necessary that this be known. '-For. that rea
son* we put it in its most positive form. The commis
sion has fixed an qil^ate, believed by those engaged
in that industry, to be necessary to the very existence
of their business, . The matter has been long on trial.
The' commission gave ! to it patient investigation.
But no. sooner is the order of a new rate entered than
the State and Federal courts .explode with injunc
tions and restraining orders, which demonstrate that
the commission has no more legal vigor than the
poncho of an Alcalde of Pueblo of bur pre-Gringo
days. . - - . . • '
We have not the least doubt that either proceedings
oil a quo warranto, or by" injunction against the State
Treasurer and Controller, restraining the payment of.
the Commissioners' salaries, would demonstrate that
their office has no legal existence.
We believe that any citizen of California can by
quo warranto terminate the Railroad Commission.
When commanded to show its right to hold office and
draw pay, that commission must declare its authority;
as a derivative of a provision in our State constitution
that has been nullified by the Supreme Court of the
United States. ' •
; It will be observed that these decisions practically
nullify that part of our State constitution which cre
ates a Railroad Commission and- defines" its duties.
The constitution requires that the Commissioners fix
rates, and that when so. fixed they must be accepted
as just and right. In fixing rates the commission may
or may not inquire into conditions, and may proceed
without investigation if it choose. But, whether
based on inquiry, as in the case of the oil rate, or at
tempted arbitrarily, like the many horizontal cuts that
have been proposed and have figured in our politics,
the act of this commission is without vigor or, effect.
It is not even necessary for a common carrier to take
the precaution observed by the Santa Fe line and de r
dare in its reports to this commission that it is a
foreign corporation. That is not necessary to raise
a Federal question and get shelter in the - Federal
courts. The sole issue is a Federal issue, radical in
the Federal and a local stage line in this
State carrying passengers any distance* within the
State has the same .right, ot resort to the Federal
courts as an overland road run by a foreign corpora
tion and carrying interstate commerce.
Only one' of the ' early Railroad Commissions
seemed -to. see "in its duty a judicial function purely.
The Iowa commission from its beginning took to it
self Judicial' power? and was probably the most use
ful body of the kind in. the United States. . But there
has been an. evolution of law on the subject/What
cne commission saw nearly jtwenty-five yerira ago "has
now become the settled law of the land by decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States. In the
Minnesota and Texas cases that bench has decided
that the fixing of transportation rates is dealing with
the rights of property through its use, and, that' as
the Federal constitution declares that no one can be
deprived of property without due process of law,
there js but one "process of law," and that judicial.
Therefore ; Legislatures . cannot - fix transportation
rates, nor can they delegate that power to a subordi
nate body to be exercised as a legislative or executive
function. The process must be judicial. •
THE present Railroad Commission : was provided
for in the. new constitution. In 1878, wheij that
. .instrument was projected, the theory and prac
tice .were general that a corporation,- such. as a
mon carrier^ was. subject to legislative and executive
control in respect 1 'to its rateV and all other matters
needful of oversight in the interest of the public.
That was the first position taken after the Dartmouth
College 'decision was held to be inapplicable to such
corporations, and the power that granted their fran
chises was held capable of. amending them.
A USELESS COMMISSION.
though victorious he is not Rarely has he:
ever been more* silent: He seems^ indeed to be well
high apathetic, and it is evident that' if he be skating
at all he is skating very slow. • - '<•¦ ¦
The only, leader in the party' who has a move-on is
Bryan. That orator and perpetual candidate is now^
swinging round the East making speeches and deliv
ering lectures.. If Boston Democracy wishes' him for;
an orator this winter it can* get him without sending
a" delegate to deliver the invitation. Mr. Bryanf in
fact, never skates slow, and it seemingly, makes-little
difference to him whether he stands up or falls down.
So long as he can attract attention to his antics he
is satisfied. A ;. .... . .. -. ¦;..;.. . '.-
THE^SAN- FRANCISCO CAL.L- TUESDAY; JANUARY 14, 1902.
TURN VEREIN TO GIVE FESTIVAL
LIKE FAMOUS ONES OF' COLOGNE
. . ' German people," the Narren- Abend,
which is to be held on next Sunday even
ing, at the Turn [_ Verein " Hall," 323 Turk
street... The . committees . in charge are
leaving nothing '.undone in their - efforts
to; ensure an' evening; of pure pleasure
-»- • "'•'¦¦ : " ¦' '¦' ' '¦ ¦¦ '> ¦ ¦
THEJ San Francisco Turn • Vereln is
making- elaborate ¦ preparations -for
the annual "fools' night,'[* or as it
- ; is more properly known . among the
6
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invieorator.
B««t LlverMedIcine.Vef?etableCure forLdverin*.
Biliousness. IadU;eation. Constloatlon. Halaxi*.
Rt N fJ»^« sey .? a! l be f n v Called the "Garden
State from the fact that a large propor-
tion of the farming land in its boundaries
Is given up to growing vegetables for the
markets of New York and Philadelphia.
. A^ vessel going from Montreal to Port
Arthur has to ascend 600 feet.
Special Informat/an supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Marsh Mallow Kisses at Townsend's. •
By J. J. Doyle— "Wednesday, January 15. at 11 o'clock,
Horses and Baggies, at 327 Sixth street.
By Wm. G. Layng— Friday evenlne, January 17, at 7:45
o'clock. Thoroughbred Horses, at 721 Howard atreet.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS. '
I Tirol! — "Little Red Riding Hood."
Ontral — "Under the GasUgrbt."
Alcazar — "For the "White Rose."
Columbia — "Mary Stuart." \ •• '- •
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Op«ra-hoose — "Claire and the Forgemaster.
California — "Old Jed Prouty."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville- every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day/NOTE— The high and 'low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High ana Low
AVaters at Fort ¦ Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay: Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BRITISH BARK FORTHBANK, WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT SUNDAY AFTERNOON FROM NEWCASTLE, HOVE
TO AFTER CHIEF OFFICER PAULS LEAPED INTO THE OCEAN IN A VAIN ATTEMPT TO RESCUE
SEAMAN SHAD WICK, WHO WAS DROWNED. - ' .,
TUESDAY. JANUARY 14.
TO SAIL.
Shipping' Company Formed.
The articles of incorporation of the
Coast Shipping Company were filed yes
terday. The • directors of the company,
each of whom subscribed $50. are John
Coop,J. J. McKinnon, J. W. Smith. B. P.
Oliver and C. U. Martin. The company's
capital stock is $1,000,000.
The case of Assessor Dodge for the re
covery of poll tax fees is now before the
Supreme Court on appeal, and the flnat
decision will settle the point whether the
State law or charter governs in the mat
ter of the retention of fees by municipal
officials.
Brooks' agreement was satisfactory to
the Mayor, and if it is kept no legal pro
ceedings will be taken against him.
Should he fail to deposit the certificate
¦within twenty days the City . Attorney
will bring suit against him for recovery
of the money.
Brooks -was served with the demand at 4
his residence and stated that He wouid
consult with his attorney. Harry T. Cres
well, as to. his course. Later in the day
Brooks and Creswell visited Mayor
Schrnitz and agreed to deposit In oourt
the certificate of deposit on a local sav
ings bank covering the amount of . dis
puted fees.
Acting: tinder the instructions of Mayor
Scbmitz, formal demand was made yes
terday on former Treasurer S. H. Brooks
for the return of $8817 63, which the latter
retained during his incumbency as 5 per
cent commission on the collection ot col
lateral inheritance taxes, which la allowed
to city treasurers by State law. The de
mand, was made by Auditor Baehr and
Treasurer McDougald according to the
charter provision affecting the case in
point.
Auditor and Treasurer
Seek Return of
Moneys. .
DEMAND COIN
FROM BROOKS
• --.: FOREIGN PORTS. .
ST .VINCENT— Arrived Jan 13— Ital stmr
F S Clampa, hence Oct 21.
MOLLENDO— Sailed Dec 7— Br ship Rock
hurst, for Oregon. , , * .
LIVERPOOL — In port Dee, IS — Br ship Sier
ra Estrella. * f or Oreson.
Arrived Jan . 11— Br ship Galtate, from 'As
toria. : „
SYDNEY— In nort Dec 13— Br ship West
gate,-for Tacoma.
. HAMBURG— In port Dec 12 — Ger ship Nal,
for Oregon."; '- : ¦--¦ ¦ • ¦".:-,- - \
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan 12— Schr Bai
boa, for Port- Townfcend. • ..¦
NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr San Ma
teo. from Port Los Angeles. .
•¦, SUEZ — Arrived •¦ Jan - 12— Br stmr Moyune,
from Seattle.-. - / ¦ ¦• *
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 10— Br ship Cypro
mene, ' for i Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr China,
for San Francisco. ¦ •' . .
' AUCKLANDr-Arrlved, Jan 13 — Stmr Sono
ma, hence Dec 2C. .V ' - • '
. :: - : -¦ OCEAN STEAMERS.
"NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Kar
salhei,'••from ¦ Bremen.
Sailed ' Jan 13— Stmr Kaiserln Maria The
resa, for Najles.
BREMEN — Arrived Jan 13 — Stmr Darm
stadt, from 'New; York..'
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Haver
ford, from : New York. ...
¦ GIBRALTAR— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Lahn,
f or ' Genoa ¦ and Naples. . -
MANILA— Sailed ' Jan 8 — Stmr Teenkai, for
Seattle and ' Tacomai via Yokohama, Hong
kons, etc. 1 for London.. ...... .,,,--.
Stmr Mlneola. . from Nanaimo: etmr Santa
Rosa, from San Francisco, for San Diesro. -
Sailed Jan. 13— Ship Inchcape Rock, for San
Francltco; ship C H Wetjen, for Portland, Or.
PORTLAND-rArrived Jan 13— Br bark Reln
bek, from Yokohama; achr Roy Somers, from
San Francisco. '., ¦¦ .-/.¦-
Railed Jan IS— Br etmr Palatlnla, for St
Vincent. ..-:"¦.. . .
George L. Gano, an ex-sergeant of po
lice, who was dismissed from the force
February 20, 18S8, has applied to the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandate com
pelling the . Board of Police Commission
ers to restore .him to duty. His suit is
based -on the same grounds as the other
police officers who have been- restored by
Judrre Hebbard. •'•-> ¦ . • .
Grand Seeks Reinstatement.
Police Commissioner Hutton appeared
in the United States Circuit Court yester
day morning -on behalf of the Commis
sioners and the Chief of Police In the
matter of the suit of Chinese gamblers to
recover 600 cases of blank lottery tickets
seized during the past few years In police
raids in Chinatown. Mr. Hutton was
granted a ¦• continuance for one -week In
order to > enable him to prepare a new
complaint In Intervention. • :.
Lottery Ticket Case Continued.
Corporal Frazier said that Damschrocler
is only 18 years of age and recently,
through the death of his father, had
fallen heir to $50,000, which made him anx
ious to regain his liberty.
Corporal G. P. Frazier called at police
headquarters yesterday to take Holt and
E. P. Timmons,' the ex-soldier who is
believed to have assisted Holt In making
his escape, back to the island. Crockett
and Hamill informed him that Rhea was
living at 88 Third street, and he went
there accompanied by the detectives. Fra
zier at once identified Rhea as Vincent,
who was supposed to ha.ve been drowned,
and he was promptly placed under arrest
and taken to the island along with Holt
and Timmons. (3 •
The authorities on the island ascer
tained a few days ago that Theodore'
Damschroder, a boy" soldier who is serv
ing five years for cruelty to a Filipino,
was receiving notes from a man in the
city, signing himself as Harry Rhea, who
urged the lad to make his escape. The
police were communicated with and De
tectives Crockett and Hamill learned that
Rhea was living at SS Third street, where
Frank H. Holt, the soldier who escaped
in a box from -the island Saturday morn
ing and was recaptured by the detectives
Sunday, had also been rooming.
Al Vincent, a soldier who was serving
a two years' sentence on Alcatraz Island
fqr larceny, jumped from the Government
steamer General McDowell about two
weeks ago while it was on the way from
the Presidio wharf to the island.- As the
vessel was a considerable distance from
landlt was thought that Vincent could
not possibly swim ashore, and must have
been drowned. »
Escapes Prom Steamer
..but Betrays His
Whereabouts. .
SOLDIER VINCENT
TRAPS HIMSELF
-Possibly. the trade of this port'haa been
bartered off 'In this way by the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company. Such a policy
would not be new. The public Btlll re
members the' old arrangement by which
trade was tied up by this same line, act
ing with the" transcontinental carriers, by
way of; the Isthmus route between San
Francisco and New York. Whatever the
causes may be that have made the Pacific
Mail .hang back in the matter of giving
this port^a direct service to the Philip
pines, the fact is that. the situation is up
to that* corporation for justification of Its
course If Hill gets what he is after, to the
detriment of this port. -
No direct answer was ever returned to
this proposition^ By insinuation < it was
made current that the Pacific Mall Steam,
ship Company could not engage in carry
ing, freights between Manila 'and Hong
kong, because, it was alleged, the agree
ments with the coast lines of steamers
engaged! in the Straits and other trade,
which acted as . feeders to . the' 1 Pacific
Mall, prevented such service as was asked
for by the San Francisco shippers.. . -,
"No Answer Given.
This was all bad enough, but there may
be worse to come. If Hill gets away with
the large share of the business of the
Philippines it will not be very difficult to
trace the responsibility to the Pacific Mail
Steamship ! Company. The merchants of
this city waited upon Mr." Schwerin re
peatedly to get him to give them some
relief l in the Philippine trade. All they
wanted was to have the steamship com
pany carry their goods directly to the
Philippines, instead of taking them, to
Hongkong for reshipment. Time was con
sumed in. presenting the facts, and the
proposition was fairly understood by the
entire community. When Mr. Schwerln
told the merchants that his line could
not < run vessels direct to Manila because
there were no returning freights from Ma
nila to this country sufficient to fill up
his ships, the very simple expedient'was
presented, of having the steamers, or cer
tain of them— enough to accommodate the
volume of. business moving forward— stpp
at Manila on the outward-bound voyage,
the distance ' from Hongkong to Manila
.being very short.
The overland roads made rates some
time ago, 1 to which attention was attract
ed by The Call at that period, which in
connection with the steamer rates from
San Francisco to all Oriental points and
'to the Philippines gave the Eastern mer
chants an advantage, which curtailed the
business of the merchants of San Fran
cisco very "materially in that direction.
About that time also it was discovered
by San . Francisco shippers, to their dis
gust and indignation, that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company was filling up steam
ships of that line with goods shipped from
the East directly to the Orient and leav
ing the wares offered by the San Fran
cisco shippers upon-the wharf. The mer
chants had : the usual excuses offered to
tRem. In other words, they were given
the glad, hand and the Eastern people
were given the business of the Orient, so
far as it could be controlled by the car
riers. . " ' .
Work Against Port v
Hill, has no roads centering here. . His
business .on the Pacific . Coast is in the
north. , Therefore it is safe to say that
the success of Hill means so much taken
away from Bah Francisco. In this con
nection'there is some bitter talk to be
heard in . commercial : circles, because but
for the singular performances of the over
land carriers and their steamship allies,
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company par
ticularly, San Francisco could have had a
direct line to the •Philippines many
months ago. ... . .. .....
The entrance into the shipping arena of
James J. Hill,; the northern railway mag
nate,; to compete . for the carrying trade
between the Pacific^ Coast and the Philip
pine Islands in the very probable event of
the abolition of the present transport sys
tem on this , coast is viewed with mixed
sentiments by the commercial community
of , this city. ¦; There are a few who say
that some slight'gooa may come of it.-Th«
greater part seem, to see in the purposes
of Hill a menace to the. commerce of the
port of San Francisco. -¦. ¦
Corporation Is Brought Up
to Confront Grave
\ Situation.
Singular Tactics Enable
Hill to En ter on the
Scene.
PACIFIC MAIL
IMPERILS PORT
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Duquesne willjoad wheat
at Portland for Europe, 36s 4%d: the German
ship Rhelnbek, same voyage. -31s 3d; the Brit
ish bark Forthbank, ' wheat at this port for
Euroi>e. 33s »d. All three were chartered prior
to arrival. ... .
The berk Coloma loads railroad ties at this
port for Caliao (lump sum). '
The barkentine Chehalis will load lumber at
Portland for Caliao, 45s. -chartered prior to
arrival. - •* .- -
Shipment of Wheat.
The British bark Inveramsay # was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 51,
715 ctls wheat, valued at $56,240, and 16,500
ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $250.
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zealandia,
Captain Hall will not be able to take
command of the Queen when she sails on
Thursday, hia attendance being neceEsary
at the Walla Walla investigation. Cap
tain Thomas will command the Queen
temporarily.
The French bark Max was yesterday
docked at Green-street wharf, where the
damages sustained in collision with the
Walla Walla will be repaired.
The German steamer Denderah sails to
day for Tacoma, where she will finish
discharging. She will take a large con
signment of redwood from this port to
Hamburg.
Reinsurance on th» Prince Louis, now
out 102 days from Newcastle, .. Australia,
for Honolulu, was yesterday increased
from 20 to 2o per cent.
"Water Front Notes.
The United States training, ship Alert
arrived yesterday morning from Monterey
with the yellow flag flying. Dr. Cummlngs
of the United States quarantine service
boarded the vessel and discovered a case
%of measles. Those of the apprentices that
had' been exposed to the infection were
landed at the detention camp on Angel
Island. The Alert was taken to the quar
antine station and thoroughly fumigated.
Measles on the Alert.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
T. Cunane and George Murphy, ped
dlers, were yesterday locked up at the
Harbor police station and charged with
petty larceny. They were captured after
an exciting pursuit, in which Dan O'Cal
laghan and Policemen Edner and Mullen
der took part. The men had halted their
wagon in front of the commission house
of O'Callaghan, Nelson & Co. and were
loading up- with potatoes when Dan came
on the scene. When the thieves saw him
they jumped aboard their wagon and
drove away at a high rate of speed.
O'Callaghan jumped into his buggy and
followed. The capture was effected at
the foot of Mission street.
Ban O'Callagnan's Capture.
NOTE— rln, the. above, exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of • the
day in. the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. Tho heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the numbei
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference i3 the mean of
the lower low waters. • . - '
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 13, 11)02.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time. .
W. H. STANDLEY, -
Lieutenant U.: 8. Navy, in Charge.
Shipping Intelligence., v
ARRIVED.
. . ' Monday, January 13.
Stmr Meteor. Jensen, 40 hours from San
Pedro. • - •*'
Stmr Newsboy, Johanson, IS hours from
Caspar.
Btmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. : '
Stmr Coquille River, Eilefsen, 10 days from
Portland, via Astoria 3^4 days.
US stnir Alert, Adams, 12 hours from Mon
terey.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Benedlkten, 2 days
from Eureka.
Schr J ¦ M Colman, Peterson, 15 days from
Astoria. * . ' f \
Snhr Ocean Soray, Sja^ren, 42 hours from
Bov/ens -Landing.
Schr Bessie K. Pedersen, 3 days from Ban
don. . . .
CLEARED.
. Monday, January ¦ 13.
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins 4. Co.
Br bark Inveramsay, Crombie, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January. 13.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg. ¦• • , ¦
Barge Santa Paula,- McGovern, Ventura, in
tow tug Rescue. ¦¦¦.:¦¦ ¦ • /.
Schr Dauntlefi, Smith, Grays Harbor. |
. Schr Archie and.Fontie, SklpDar, . .^:
MISCELLANEOUS,
POINT LO BOS, Jan 13, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 14 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON, Jan 13— Br stmr. Indrapura,' from
Portland, Or, at Hongkong, slightly damaged
\>l' collision. ¦ - ¦¦¦..'¦
HOQUIAM, Jan 13-^Stmr Melville ' Dollar
picked ud . one life raft from wrecked stmr
Walla Walla — no bodies—^two lifebelts, one
Jacket containing oapers Identified W- J Shlel
probably a waiter; other Jacket probably pas
sengar. Position eighteen miles southwest of
Crescent' City. - ' . ' . ¦ - ,.
VICTORIA, Jan 1 13— Wreckage picked Up
from ¦ schr turned turtle off Carmanah Point
marked L. Paint. Hatch combine . marked 75
tons. ' ¦¦•. "' " - -...
DOMESTIC PORTS
HOQUIAM — Arrived Jan I3_stmr Melville
Dollar, hence Jan 10. >•
GRAYS \HARB0R— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for Ventura. ¦•'... • • ff. ¦• .
. TILLAMOOK— Sailed Jan 13 — Schr Antelope
and stmr Luella, for San Francisco. -'
REDONDO — Arrived Jan 13 — Stmr Aber
deen) hence J«n .11. ¦¦•-.' ¦. .
> ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Iaqua,
hence Jan 9. * "-.••' ¦-. .-..••
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 13— Bark Lev! G Bur
ge3a,'.' t or San Francisco.
Arrived ;jun. 13— Schr Luzon, from Hono
lulu; stmr Czarina, from Seattle. •
-Arrived Jan! 13 — Ger stmr Nicaria hence
Jan 10. • - •¦-,-, : . ¦ .
Sailed Jan 13— Br- stmr Duke of Fife for
Honffkone; Br ship Glenericht, for United
Kingdom; bark Levl G Burgess, for San Fran-
C COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 13— Schr Western
Home,. for San Francisco; schr Mary E Russ
for San Francisco: schr Gem, for San Fran
cisco, -i >:-'"¦->-. ¦¦•¦-.
--¦¦:ASTORIA—Arrived Jan 13— Br ship St Mfr
ren. from Valparaiso; Br ship BlackbraiB,
from Table Bay. - "'-. *v / * --¦ ..-..
¦ Sailed Jan 13 — Stmrs Gco'w "Elder and Al
liance and schr W J Patterson, for San Fran
cisco: > . :.- •¦¦. - '. " ' ; . ~r -. • . ••- . ..
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Bruns
wick, from . Eureka. > ¦••, _. .
Sailed Jan 13 — Stmrs Nome City and Green
wood, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr San Pedro
hence 'Jan 11. - .
Arrived . Jan 13 — Stmrs Pomona and Fulton
from San Francisco, c . -.-.¦, ¦ '
Sailed ; Jen 13— Stmr . WestDort, .for. 'San
Francisco.*- ¦ ,'•¦ . - ¦¦.'¦'"¦¦: ¦¦'-'¦ ¦ -i. , ¦ ¦ - !¦ : -„.- .
. SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 12— Ger stmr' Hero
dot, from Nanaimo.. . .•¦¦ ¦ ...,.;-- v . ¦¦,
Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Tamplco," for Honolulu
stmr Czarina, for. Tacoma: stmr City of Se
attle, for Skagway.L .-¦.•_• , , .
' Sailed : Jbij - 13 — Stmr Edith, f or " San Fran
cisco: ..stmr -Farallon, (or Skagway.' '*;.>"¦<.•:
- Arrived ¦ Jan . . 11— Stmr Czarina, from ' San
Franci&cOv, ..•,-•-.•.¦»,. ¦:. ¦=.. ¦ .• ,. ¦
-;PORT TOWNSEND— Passed fn Jan 13— Schr
Luzon, from .Honolulu.- 1 *. " •¦¦ "•¦ . - ... .
v. PORT; LOS ANGELES— Arrived : Jan . 13—
A well dressed woman, whose name the
police were unable to secure, jumped into
the bay yesterday morning from near the
coal bunkers on Folsom-street wharf No.
2. The cold water produced a sudden de
sire for a longer life, and when Police
man Sandman reached the end of the
dock, whither he had been attracted by
the splash and a subsequent scream, the
woman was clinging affectionately to a
pile. He assisted her to the dock and
telephoned to the police station for the
patrol wagon. Before the wagon arrived,
however, the woman gathered up her
skirts and disappeared up Folsom street.
"Unknown Woman .Attempts Suicide.
p-rf->sHE Walla Walla life raft upon
I which the Rev. Henry Erickson
I and five other survivors from, the
l\ wreck spent thirty-six hours of
• terrible " suffering was yesterday
taken into Hoquiam.by the steamer Mel
ville Dollar. Two life belts and two
coats left behind . when the passengers
were taken off on January 3 by the crew
of the Nome City were found on the raft.
In one of the coats were papers belong
ing to W. J. Shiel, the pantryman,, who
was one of the rescued party. The other
coat ' evidently belonged to a passenger.
The raft was picked up about eighteen
miles southwest of Crescent City. It. was
upon this raft that young Erickson per
ished from exposure. The other passen
gers were Chief Officer Peter Nilsen, Sec
ond Officer Lupp, Fourth Officer Cecil
i Brown and J. I^orea, a cook. There were
rive rafts launched from the Walla Walla.
They have all been accounted for, but
were abandoned as their passengers were
rescued. The State of California picked
up one a few days ago. There are still
three floating about the ocean.
Columbia River, main ship channel from As
toria to Tongue Point, Or. — Wreck of Silva de
Grace buoy No. 2%, a red, second-class sp'ar,
was established January 6 In 21 feet of water,
and marks the edge of the reef, on the fol
lowing bearings: Outer end buoy Depot
Wharf NE. % N... outer end Thorn's Cannery
Wharf E.. wreck of Silva de Grace Post Light
NW. % W. -
Columbia River, channel over Walker Island
Bar to Martin Island, page 57 — Cowlitz River
buoy No. 1. On January 10 the number of this
buoy was changed to %. »
Willapa Bay, Washington, channel to Oys
terville, page 07 — Oysterville channel buoy No.
3, a black, third-class can, is reported Janu
ary 8 as having gone adrift from Its station on
the west Bide of the channel. It will be re
placed as early as practicable.
Channel through Wrangell Strait from the
eouthward, Alaska, page 81 — South Ledge buoy
No. 4, a red, second-class nun. heretofore re
ported adrift, has since been reported to be in
position. (L. H. B. bulletin No. 120 par 137 )
North Point buoy No. 1%, a black, second
class can, is reported adrift December 28, 1901.
It will be replaced as soon as practicable • •
Lynn Canal, page .80— Katsehin River 'Flats
buoy No. 2, a red, first-class nun. Is reported
adrift December 28. 1901. It will be replaced
as early as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W P I>A Y
Commander, U. S. .N.. Lighthouse inspector.
Notice 1 is hereby given of ±he following
changes In the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, .which, affect the List of . Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901:
Notice to Mariners.
33 crts bicycles and sundries^ ai pkgs beer,
C42 lbs butter, 4320 lbs beans, 8339, lbs bran,
12,055 lbs 157 pkgs bread. lt!(J ctls barley,. 0+
cs canned goods,-707 lbs 7 c» cheese, 640' lhs
, codfish. ICtiO gals coal oil, 1S5 lbs dried fruit,
38 pkgs dry goods, 12 pk^s drugs, 044 bbls
flour, 68 pkgs furniture. 153 eks feed. 39 pkgs
fresh fruit, 377 pkgs groceries and provisions,
24 grindstones, 237 pkgs hardware, 177 lbs
ham, 3 cs hats, 5000 laths, 70,100 ft 1050 pc
lumber, 12 cs liquors, 1373 lbs 10 cs lard, 190
pkgs millwork, 2 pkgs machinery. 1521 lbs
millstuffs. ll> pkgs nails. 150 lbs opium, 105
crts potatoes and onions. 30 pkgs paints and
oils, 121 pkgs produce, 18 bdls paper, 23,975
lbs rice, 30 colls rope, 9300 lbs salt, 11,673 lbs
sugar, 80 cs 28 pkgs salmon, til cs soap, 37
pkgs ship chandlery, 12 cs boots and shoes, 17
bdls shooks. 220 Ib9 tobacco, 7 bales twine, 30
pkgs fresh vegetables, 24 ctls wheat, 16 pkgs
vehicles, 0 cs 1721 gals wine.
In addition to the above the steamer carried
treasure consisting of $2304 In Chilean dollars:
which Failed Saturday for Tahiti, carried a
general merchandise cargo valued at $25,252.
The principal exports were as follows:
Jom ph Wueste was tried yesterday be
fore Judge : de Haven and a jury in the
United States District Court on the
charge of maintaining an illicit still near
Mountain View, in bantu Clara County.
He was detected by Deputy Internal Rev
enue Collector Flannery several months
ago making brandy out of grape pomice.
His defense was that he was simply ex
l>erimenting, with the intention, if suc
cessful, of setting up a permanent still
and goins into the business regularly. '.
The Jury found him guilty of having an
unrecorded still set up, but recommended
him to the mercy of the court, the Jury
believing that he had no intention of de
frauding the Government. He was or
dered to appear for sentence this morn
ing st 11 o'cl ock. .
Recommended to the Mercy
•V« ¦ of the Court.
Santa Clara Distiller Convicted and
JOSEPH WTJESTE MADE
MOONSHINE BRANDY
Secretary Ingram was busy all day
yesterday in the "yellow building" sign
ing annuals that are to be shortly dis
mbutad. The list is gradually growing
smaller each year, Charles M. Hays be
ginning its ensmallment by cutting it in
naif. • . -. ¦ .-"¦ ¦ :
The officials in the advertising depart
ment of the Southern Pacific^ Company
sre busy just at present signing i ! coh
tracts for advertising in the papers diir
ir.g the ensuing year. Genera.^ Passenger
Traffic Manager E. O. McCormick is the
press representaUve ot the company, and
under his regime there will- not be as
much money- spent in Cash advertising
as m the pati. The money formerly paid
the country press -wrili be cut off. ™
Mr. McCormick will adopt the same
system that is at present- used by the Big
Four road. All the country pa'pers -will
be requested to run the time-tables "and
other notices which the- company, mav
wish. In return they will be given all
;he transportation that they may wish in
reason.
Secretary Id gram Indorsing
Annuals Which Will Be:
'.;¦. Issued Soon. ¦
Only.
Southern Pacific Will
Sign Trade Contracts
NO CASH FOR
COUNTRY PRESS
FROM SEATTLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO <CAL.L, H, { 1902-
7
Measles \ Develops on Board and Apprentices Must ' -Do Time" in
Detention Camp at Angel Island-?- Wreckage From Unknown
Schooner That Turned Turtle Off Carmanah Point Is Picked Up
TRAINING SHIP ALERT ARRIVED
AND IS SENT INTO QUARANTINE
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River ..I Jan 14
Herodot Seattle - ¦£„ il
Pleiades..... Oyster Harbor •" j an " 11
3. 8. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma ! Jan ll
Aztec Tacoma j a n ik
Nome City... San Pedro " j an ' vs
Pomona Humboldt ' j an * 15
A"w nC^M"* £ or H an 2 f Way Ports. Jan! 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan 15
g°n" a Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Edith Seattle jon in
Ban Pedro Humboldt j an ' in
BantaRosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan' 10
Pt. Arena Point Arena j an i,*
Umatllla p UK et Sound Ports....'.. j a n! 17
Newburg Grays Harbor jan! 17
Arca f a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Eureka Humboldt j an \ 7
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan j a n 18
Lakme....... Portland & Astoria.. .-. Jan" IS
Chehalls Grays Harbor ....... Jan IS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma '.! Jan' i->
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan! 10
w a w O^h- l an S ie ?° & Way Ports Jan. 10
W - H v KrURer San Pedro j an 2 0
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ...; Jan" 20
Coronado Kan Pedro j a n tin
A r«y'^ New York via Panama'. Jan! ai
Alameda Honolulu j an 5o
City Puebla.. Pugct Sound Ports...!; Jan" 22
NorthFork.. Humboldt Jan 2^
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma !! Jan' 23
Tucapel....^. Valparaiso & Way Ports Jan' 25
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
ate©....,.
Sequoia
Empire ...
Eureka....
' Coos Bay . .
Btrathgyte.
State Cal..
Mandalay..
North Fork
Nome City.
Queen.....
Ventura...
Rainier....
Pomona. . .
C. Nelson..
Alliance. ..
Herodot.. .
Poinr Arena
G. Elder...
Newport. . .
Bonlta
Jnnnary 14.
Coqullle River
Grays Harbor ......
Coos Bay.. . .
Humboldt ..........
Newport & Way
Jananry 15.
China & Japan
Kan Diego & Way.:.
Coquille River .....
! January 16.
Humboldt
Los Angeles Ports..
Pugret Sound Ports . .
Sydney & Way Bts..
Seattle & N. What.
January 17.
Humboldt ..........
I Astoria & Portland:
[Portland & Way Pts.
j January 18.
Hamburg Sc Way. . .
Point Arena .......
Astoria & Portland.
Panama & Way Pts.
[Newport & AVay Pts.
January 10.
Coos B. & Pt. Orford
San Diego & Way...
Humboldt ..........
Seattle & Tacoma...
January 110. i
TUlamcok Bay . . . . .*.
Grays . Harbor
January 21.
Grays Harbor. .;....
China & Japan ....
Puget Bound. Ports..
Grays Harbor -;.."...
January 23. .
Astoria & Portland.
Jannury 25. I
Honolulu ...........
4 pmlPler 2
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
0 am Pier 13
0 am Pier n
...... Pler2T
» am Pier li
1 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 2
3 pm Pier a
11 am Pier a
10 am Pier 7
6 pm Pier j 2
1:30 p Pier 0
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier IB
Pier 34
•ipm Pier •<
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
0 am PierU
10 am Pier 13
0 am Plerll
2 pm Pier 2
10am Pier; 2
...... Pier—
5 pin Pier 2
...... Pier '.2
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 2
111 am I Pier 24
110 am ] Pier 7
Arcata. ...
Santa Rosa
Kan Pedro.
J. Kimball.
W. Kruger.
Coronado..
- •' -. .-. -
Lakme. .. .
Gaelic
Umatilla..
Newburgr. .
Columbia..
Alameda..
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Cottage City. Sksgway & "Way Ports. Jan. 15
E Thompson. Cook» Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. "15
Al-Kl. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 20
Dirigo....... Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 21
Excelsior."... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 20
Sun rises...
Sun sets '. ...
Moon sets
•¦••• • .7:24
• 5:13
• ¦ . . . 10 :25 p. m."
u. Time/ (Time
e Ft.
• H W L W
14 3:00 4.9 8:31
15 3:37 5.0 9:41
16 4:15 5.1 10:45
17 5:01 5.2 11:50
IS 5:52 5.3 1:03
¦ L \V H W
19 0:21 2.8 C:49
20- 1:25 2.9 7:46
21 2:25 2.0 8:4*6
. Time I Time!
Ft. Ft. \ Ft.
H W L W
•2.5 2:14 4.2 8:31 ~U2
2.2 3:26 3.0 9:25 1.7
1.0 4:50 • 3.7 10:15 2.2
1.3 C:30 3.6 11:16 2.6
0.7 8:00 3.7
L W v H W
5.5 2:02, 0.1 9:09 4.0
6.7 2:50—0.4 10:04 4.3
5.J) 3:4O|-jO.S 10:52K4.6
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
ate©....,.
Sequoia
Empire ...
Eureka....
' Coos Bay . .
Btrathgyte.
State Cal..
Mandalay..
North Fork
Nome City.
Queen.....
Ventura...
Rainier....
Pomona. . .
C. Nelson..
Alliance. ..
Herodot.. .
Poinr Arena
G. Elder...
Newport. . .
Bonlta
Jnnnary 14.
Coqullle River
Grays Harbor ......
Coos Bay.. . .
Humboldt ..........
Newport & Way
Jananry 15.
China & Japan
Kan Diego & Way.:.
Coquille River .....
! January 16.
Humboldt
Los Angeles Ports..
Pugret Sound Ports . .
Sydney & Way Bts..
Seattle & N. What.
January 17.
Humboldt ..........
I Astoria & Portland:
[Portland & Way Pts.
j January 18.
Hamburg Sc Way. . .
Point Arena .......
Astoria & Portland.
Panama & Way Pts.
[Newport & AVay Pts.
January 10.
Coos B. & Pt. Orford
San Diego & Way...
Humboldt ..........
Seattle & Tacoma...
January 110. i
TUlamcok Bay . . . . .*.
Grays . Harbor
January 21.
Grays Harbor. .;....
China & Japan ....
Puget Bound. Ports..
Grays Harbor -;.."...
January 23. .
Astoria & Portland.
Jannury 25. I
Honolulu ...........
4 pmlPler 2
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
0 am Pier 13
0 am Pier n
...... Pler2T
» am Pier li
1 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 2
3 pm Pier a
11 am Pier a
10 am Pier 7
6 pm Pier j 2
1:30 p Pier 0
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier IB
Pier 34
•ipm Pier •<
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
0 am PierU
10 am Pier 13
0 am Plerll
2 pm Pier 2
10am Pier; 2
...... Pier—
5 pin Pier 2
...... Pier '.2
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 2
111 am I Pier 24
110 am ] Pier 7
Arcata. ...
Santa Rosa
Kan Pedro.
J. Kimball.
W. Kruger.
Coronado..
- •' -. .-. -
Lakme. .. .
Gaelic
Umatilla..
Newburgr. .
Columbia..
Alameda..
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River ..I Jan 14
Herodot Seattle - ¦£„ il
Pleiades..... Oyster Harbor •" j an " 11
3. 8. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma ! Jan ll
Aztec Tacoma j a n ik
Nome City... San Pedro " j an ' vs
Pomona Humboldt ' j an * 15
A"w nC^M"* £ or H an 2 f Way Ports. Jan! 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan 15
g°n" a Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Edith Seattle jon in
Ban Pedro Humboldt j an ' in
BantaRosa.. San Diego & Way Pts Jan' 10
Pt. Arena Point Arena j an i,*
Umatllla p UK et Sound Ports....'.. j a n! 17
Newburg Grays Harbor jan! 17
Arca f a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Eureka Humboldt j an \ 7
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan j a n 18
Lakme....... Portland & Astoria.. .-. Jan" IS
Chehalls Grays Harbor ....... Jan IS
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma '.! Jan' i->
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. Jan! 10
w a w O^h- l an S ie ?° & Way Ports Jan. 10
W - H v KrURer San Pedro j an 2 0
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ...; Jan" 20
Coronado Kan Pedro j a n tin
A r«y'^ New York via Panama'. Jan! ai
Alameda Honolulu j an 5o
City Puebla.. Pugct Sound Ports...!; Jan" 22
NorthFork.. Humboldt Jan 2^
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma !! Jan' 23
Tucapel....^. Valparaiso & Way Ports Jan' 25
Sun rises...
Sun sets '. ...
Moon sets
•¦••• • .7:24
• 5:13
• ¦ . . . 10 :25 p. m."
u. Time/ (Time
e Ft.
• H W L W
14 3:00 4.9 8:31
15 3:37 5.0 9:41
16 4:15 5.1 10:45
17 5:01 5.2 11:50
IS 5:52 5.3 1:03
¦ L \V H W
19 0:21 2.8 C:49
20- 1:25 2.9 7:46
21 2:25 2.0 8:4*6
. Time I Time!
Ft. Ft. \ Ft.
H W L W
•2.5 2:14 4.2 8:31 ~U2
2.2 3:26 3.0 9:25 1.7
1.0 4:50 • 3.7 10:15 2.2
1.3 C:30 3.6 11:16 2.6
0.7 8:00 3.7
L W v H W
5.5 2:02, 0.1 9:09 4.0
6.7 2:50—0.4 10:04 4.3
5.J) 3:4O|-jO.S 10:52K4.6
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Cottage City. Sksgway & "Way Ports. Jan. 15
E Thompson. Cook» Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. "15
Al-Kl. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 20
Dirigo....... Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 21
Excelsior."... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The "Dr. jfc. A 1 d e n Electrio
lielt" (xrith r e u s p e n sory) la
roaranteed -N-^-- to pcesess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
ncrw 6O i(j by doctors and dnisgists. It give*
a very etrong current of electricity and Is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
otSters. Can be had from the undersigned
only; XO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT-. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 200 Post st.. San Francisco, cr
1H5 Broadway. tCew York.' .'
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. .? V
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J-CWHSON&a.. T^ph^e^ln 8^
FRESH AJSD SALT MEATS.
JAS- BO YES & CO SWPPlae Butchers; 104
CUy. Tel Mam 12W.
OILS.
Lu^ ic r A ro^?t.,°s n 'F. L aa A a*jg'^
PRINTING.
E-C BUfiBES. .xisa^P^s,,,.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First street. Eaa Francisco.
|^? (> tite of iho irritable oon-
p^pl^-^: valescent rejects evevy-
fS&PzicIl thing else you can think
s^^,^^., him Trith a cup of beef
tea made from
OP BEEF. Odds axe that he takes
it'gratefully and feels better after.
Dfi. BALL'S fiEINYIQORATOE^pi
Etcpx all losses in 24 hours. Five Ljo J *-t^^S
tuncred reward for any case we JtSi ISC
cannot cure. This secret remedy t
cures Edissiona. Impotency, Jsg R3G
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, «T-ff
Etrlctures. Drains. Lost Man- LMjj iUL
hoed end all other wasting ef- m%S__ sS
feet* of self-abuse or excesses. b£SKSC8wi
Cent ce&led, $2 IsotUe; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8U Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. Al«o for sale at VD7J\%
Market tt.. & p. Send for free book.
)HUSEOB OF flN&TOMY
\ ¦Cl* The L»nre»* Aaatomieal Museum in the
* m*&>m. Wort<1 - WeakoesMSi or any contracted
tS »^ *Wive p»«yil»rijcQrMlpy the oldest
© /BJSI ipeciiiit on the Coast list. 36 ye.rs. 1
A &&01 DR. JORDAM-D IS EASES CF MEN
i r CShf^S Corsu'tatioo free »n<l stiictly private.
9 I Ittf u Treatment perwjnilljr nr by letter. A
\ II / "flS fonuvt Curt in erery ca»e underuken.
J P U II A W rtc forBook.rntLOSOPHYof
F I jj JH HinBMCE, MAILED FREE. ( A
X (i (j. valuable book for ro<-n)
V DK. JOBDIK&CO.. 1051 Market Ht..H. F.
visit OR. JORDAN'S GnuT
The finest -contour of a female face, the
sweetest smile of ; a . female ¦ mouth, loses
something if '• the '-. head is * crowned with
scant:halr. : - Scant and- falling.' hair,'- it "'in
now known, is'catised by ; a parasite, that
burrows into the scalp" to the ro6t' of the
hair/where it saps the vitality. The little
white scales Uhe'germtthrows. up. In bur-
rowing are called: dandruff. '-To cure dan-
druff permanently,; then"; and to : stop' t&\U
ing lhair,'.; that germ must be .killed. iNew-
bro's ': Herpic^de, : nn entirely : new^ result of
the chemical laboratory, destroys'; the dan-
druff germ and, : of course, ' stops " the' fail-
ing hair/ and cures baldness. •.
Hair, ¦ No Matter What Color.
Must Have : Luxuriant ? and . ' Gloss^
A WOMAN" TO BE PRETTY
AMTJSEJIE1JTS.
Prettier Than EYerT^f^ee^ o &
RICHARD GOLDEN
OLD JED "PROUTY.
SEATS READY.
P EXT WEEK-FREDERICK WARDE.
Sunday. Monday and Tuesday Nights....
JULIUS CAESAR
Wednesday, Thurs. Nights. Sat. Matinee.. ¦
- -i THE MOUNTEBANK
Friday 1 Night VIRGINIUS
Saturday Night KING LEAR
SEATS THURSDAY.- — -.
-a_ *^P 8 % ff fi'fe 0 II
* 1 I W IJ La I*
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
LAST WEEK-.GET IN LINE!
LittkT R6d
Riding Hood
Monday, January 20th,
THE AMEER.''
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c. „
Telephone — Bush 9.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MODJESKA
avd JAMES
And Incomparable Company in the Fallowing
• Repertoire :
To-night and Saturday Matinee,
4 MARY STUART."
Wednesday and Friday Nights,
"MERCHANT Of VENICE,"
Thursday Night,
"HENRY VIII."
> Saturday Night.
"MACBETH."
•JANUARY 20,
"THE. PRINCESS CHIC."
GLORIOUS GALAXY OF STARS!
Kara the Great; Three Faust Sisters;
Arthur Buckner; Jacques* Inaudi;
Girard and. Gardner; The Threa
Westons; Alf Holt; Mr. and Mrs.
Gardner Crane, and the Eiograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
S|g§^ RACING
T^jSm^ing^^ I Every Week Day -
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU&
... OAKLAND RACETRACK.
•'.Races start at 2: IB p. m. sharp.
Farry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. l,:l:S0. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with tralr.3 stopping 'at the entrance to ta«
trark.- Last •¦ two cars on train, reserved fcr
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electrio* cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars 'at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars Kb direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4 :45 p. m. ¦ and immediately after tho last
race.~*g- jgrjwajw^ WiIsuwiiiM "wMfe
, ' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JP... President.
j CHA B. • F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. . ;~ .
AITP nntll I Corner Fourth ana
IflL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
I Urr n 1 1 f 11 1 our s p« ial Br «^
unl L J!U InL f tea £ aad
¦ V. 1 •' ¦¦«<• 'l»» 6c. Overcoats and
/:-..'¦ valises caeck jd £rt«
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GUARANTEED CURB for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad
. blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
Saina after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion and dizziness. When your bowels
on't move regularly you are Bick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases
together. It is a starter for the chronic ailments and long years of suffering that come
afterwards. No matter what ails you, start taking CASCARETS today, for you will never
get well and bo well all the time until you put your bowels right. Take our advice, start
with Cascarets toCmy under an absolute guarantee to cure or money refunded. Sample
and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. 50a r
Positively cured by tfacss
Little Pills.
Thty also relieve distress from Dyv-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Touruc Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Reflate the Bowels. Purely Vecetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price. 9
Superior to Apiol, Tansj, Pernyrojal or StesL
Sere Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to tha Sex. p
ArJoIIne Capsules for three months cost $2.
Drn^lst cr P. O. Bos 20S1, Iscvr York.
AJEUSTiTVTENTS. '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING > THIS WEEK.
Tremendous Success of
Herscbel Mayall, Laura Nelson Hall and
The Grand Opara House Stock Company
In a Magnificent Production of
"CLAIRE AND THE
FORGEM ASTER."
Mr. and Mrs. Kendall's Greatest Snccess.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c. 60c. 75o
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— EDWIN ARDEN in "DON
CAESAR DE BAZAN."
SPECIAL! FRIDAY, at 3:15 P. M..
LAST- SYMPHONY CONCERT
First Series.
PAUL. STEINDORFF. Director.
Seats, SI SO, $1, 75c and 50c, at Sherman.
Clay & Co/8.
PEILASCO Amo TrtALES^pffl&r
g*j £}*¦% PJEV R 9"VW V^ yw N ml * "mi"' t*%
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAT.
Magnificent Production of Augustin Daly 1 *
World Famous Melodrama.
Underlie Gaslight
See Snorkey. the one-armed soldier — See th<s
* Great Railroad Scene, etc.
ppifpc EVgs 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c. 6O0
IfllWCJ Matinees 10c 15c 25o
Next Week— "THE FIRE PATROL."
uA/TH MAT R » AV
TO-NIGHT AND~ALL THIS WEEK.
First Production in This City of the New
Romantic Drama, . .
FOR THE -
WHITE ROSE.
A Superb Play, dealing with the Most Ro-
mantic Period of English History.
Gorgeous Scenery — Historic Costumes, etc
/ PRICES— 15c. 25c, 85c. BOc. 73c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
In Preparation — "CORALJE & CO."
V ,¦''¦-, . "~*
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Elghtlt.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
THURSDAYS. SATURDAYS AND
SUNDAYS.
ADMISSION 25o AND 50c
FIQCUFP'S CONCERT HOUSE
riDOili-nD Admlaalon IOc.
Clarence; Dora Merrln: Mendel and Mack;
Frank Ferez; Monroe; Brady and Hamilton:
Hines and Kimball. and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
£RAND HOTELS.
On one aide of these magnificent
! hotels ia the wholesale and manu-
• tacturers' district— on the other ro-
. tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and . tha- '
aters. Street cars to all parts ot
the city — depots, ferries and park*—
pass the entrance.
American and European plan*.
/.T > Vl i ?TVrTSP37 w "F' Wf Pfl-Potatoes were In moderate receipt and firm
all around, . wJth a small' advance In Rivers.
Four cars of Merced Sweets ': came In. ' but
Potatoes, , Onions and; Vegetables.
- - '¦.-'¦ CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13— CATTLE — - Receipts,
26.0C0, including 200 Texans.. Good to choice,
steady; others slow to - 10c lower. Good ' to
prime, $8 70@7 35;, Boor; to .medium, $4@6 25;
stockers and feeders. $2 25@4'50; cows, $1'25
@4 75; heifers, S2 75@5 50; canners', ,$1 25®
2 30; bulls, $2@4; calves,. $2 50@0 25; Texas
fed steers. S3 25©5 25.- • - '¦ ¦„•¦•¦'
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 43,000; to-morrow,'
35,000; left over, 8000. Opened weak, bulk 6@
10c' lower. . Mixed and ; butchers V $5 85@6 40
good to choice heavy.- $(! 25<ff6 55; rough
heavy, $5 90@6 20; light, - $5 40@0; bulk . of
sales, $5 05S6 30. ¦
SHEEP — Receipts, " 25,000. Sheep, steady;
Eastern Livestock Market.
"Beans continue firmly quoted by ., the . trade,'
though prices 'stand ! as before.' / " !
- BEANS-^-Bayos,$2.50@2 60; 'Small White.
$3@3 25; Large White. $2 90<g>3 10; Pea. $3 50
@4: Pink, $2@2 20; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye,
$3 50@3 65; Limas, $4 50@4 65; Red Kidneys.
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. >-
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 S5@3;i Yellow
Mustard. $•> 25@3 50; Flaxi $2 40@2 60; Ca
nary. 3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, \ from
Utah. 8%c; Rape,, Ii4@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per
POUnd. . . •¦¦..¦ . •¦>¦.- y ir: ¦' ' .
DRIED -PEAS-^-NlIes.' $1*25@1 65; Green.
$1 25<gl 50 per ctll ..; .'.•.. -« - v *
Beans and Seeds.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • March. May.
Opening .......6 3% -64
Closing 6 3% V 6 4
PARIS.
Wheat— .i I • Jan. ' Mar.-June.
Opening '. :,.. 21 80 - . 22 85 -
Closing '. .22 05 .23 00
Flour — • ¦'.' ¦ ' . . :
Opening i 27 70 . * 28 75
Closing,... .....28 00 , --¦ 29 00 ¦
• COAL— Wellington. . $9 per "ton;. Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
GRAIN BAGS-rCalcutta Grain Bags, '7c; lo
cal make."' %c less than' Calcutta*; .Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine,' 7%@8c... ' ¦- .
General Merchandise
\ .Hogs- are unsettled/While 6#c Is being
paid bygone 'or two houses a lar^e local pack-
Ing firm says that, It' Is getting all it wants at
(ic and will not "pay any more. 'There is no
change in other . meats. .;
f Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : ¦ • • •
"« BEEF— 7%@8c for Steers , and 6J4©7c per
lb for Cows. '
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@ 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,- 8@8%c; Ewes. 7@Sc per
LAMB-«®B%c per ;ib, V . - •"'.';
PORK— Live Hogs, from- 150. to 250 lbs 6®
6*4c; under 150 lbs, 5%@5ftc; sows, 20 per cent
off; boars, . 30 per cent off ,? and ' stags, 40 per
: cent* 3 off 'from ;the. above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7@8%c. •;. . ,
Sah Francisco Meat Market.
' Middlings have asain been marked up., Bran
Is firm, but no higher. Receipts of Hay .were
large, being 998 tons, but' the market showed
no -weakness. ..','»'
BRAN— $18 50019 50 per ton. " .
MIDDLINGS— $20(g21 50 per ton. ' ' ,. '
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, : '$18@18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; job
bing, ?28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@2l;'Corn
Meal." $31@31 50; ; Cracked Corn. $31\ 50@32 ;
Mixed Feed. $16 50®17 50. * , %
HAT— Wheat, ?3@12; fancy, ' $12 50@13;
Wheat and Oat. $0@12 50; Oat, $8 50@ll 50;
Barley and Oat, $8@10; Alfalfa. $8@10; Clover,
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer. $6@8 50; Stock. -$6@
T 50 D€r ton *-' ¦ ' ¦'* " *• '¦ " ¦ ~ * ¦ . -¦ ¦¦ ¦'
, STKAW— b ; 0@47%c per .bale!
Hay and Feedstuff s.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. . . , • ; ¦
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin. 6@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs'. 7%@S%c; Middle County. 8®10c
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c: do
fall 14@15cper lb. , ,
HIDES AND. SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ' l%c' under quotations. . Heavy, salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c;, Cow
Hides' 9 %c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; halted Kip. 9%c; Salted -Veal, «%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides/ 16%c; Culls 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 1S@1S%c; Culls and
Brands, 16c; Sheepskins. ? shearlings, 15@30c
each; short" Wool; 40@60c each; medium, 65©
75c; long Wool, SOc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2; 50 for medium.
$1 75@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides., dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and\50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red 6klns, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter, or thin.skms, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime ' Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth 50c; ; medium, 35c. . /
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3c. •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$4®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled • Oats ' (barrels). $0 85®
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. _
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50©
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75®3 per barrel for family and $3!?
» 25 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3@
S 25.- V v -.:•¦-. ... •¦-¦..-,
Flour and MillstufFs.
NEW TORK. Jan. 13. — There was ' continued
leek of animation in the stock market to-day
end the dealings were palpably In the hands
of professional traders. The element was bear
ish In Its opinions on the outlook and sold
clocks <juite freely throughout the day. The
lfvel of prices was carried generally from 1
to 2 point* lower under last week's close. No
large amount of liquidation was brought out
by this considerable decline and there was a
movement to cover short* late In the day,
causing a rally of a point or over in some of
the most prominent clocks, but the recovery
«u practically all lost again berore the close,
which was extremely dull and heavy. There
¦was no striking news of a character unfavor
able to values, but It was obvious that any im
portant organized movement to lift the market
has been abandoned for the present. The
speculative element has been indulging the
hope that the great capitalists and syndicates
who have on their hands the heavy volume of
securities resulting from the combinations and
new formations of last year were about to put
forth a determined effort to lead a bull specu
lation, with the intention of making a market
for t&eir securities. Ko sign of any such at
tempt has appeared since the ¦ publication last
week of the quarterly report of earnings by
the United States Steel Corporation. Hope of
«=uch leadership was still further discouraged
by rumors of the illness of the market operator
intrusted wlih the care and manipulation of
those clocks and by reports of unloading In his
interest. More tangible grounds of depression
were found in the formal offer of $30,000,000 of
Atchieon debenture" bonds to reimburse the
company for certain outlays, ~ Including ac
quired lines and equipment, which Wall street
has assumed had been or would be provided for
otherwise. Reports of very l«rge projected out
lays for betterments by the Union Pacific
emphasized this influence. The permission
granted by the United States Supreme Court
for the Etate of Minnesota to argue on Its pe
tition to bring euit for the annulment of the
formation of the Northern Securities Company
although its force was little understood, had a
chilling effect on speculation owing to Its prom
l«» of a prolonged legal Ftruptrle and delay In
the flotation of the company's securities
Money was. ellghtly firmer to-day and sterling
exchange «ra* no higher, but exports of gold
are expected to be made, this week. There Is
a growing feeling that even when money does
accumulate at this center it may not serve to
•simulate, speculation In the prevailing spirit
of pkeptlcJsm in the value of securities at
present price levels. •
The shading of prices of copper led to a sharp
raid in the late dealings in Amalgamated Cop
per, which helped to unsettle the close. Ex
ceptional movement* were made by.Lacka
wtnoa. which rose (i'A and lost most of lt.'Glu-
New York Stock Market.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
January ... 78% 78% . 77% 77%
| May 82»i 82% Kl% 81%
July 82% , 4 82% 81% 81%
Corn No. -'¦ —
January .... • .... 62%
May 6« ¦ mV t (>5% -C5S4
July 65% 65% 65 65%
Oats No. 2—
May :. 45*4 46% 45% 45%
I July'... 40% 41% 40% 40%
1 September ...... 33% 33% 33% 33%
: Mess Pork, ner bbl —
I January ....... ' 16 60
May 17 02 17 10 17 00 17 00
July : ..17 00 17 02 16 95 1« 95
Lard, ner 100 lbs — :
January ...... .'...".. 9 42%
May 9 67% 9 72% 9 65 9 67%
July 9 75 9 75 9 70 0 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — -
January 8 20 8 30 8 20 8 27%
May .:.. 8 52% 8 60 8 02% . S 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
eas=y; No. 3 spring wheat, 76%@77c; No. 2 red,
87y.c; No. 2 oats, 46%@46%c; No,' 2 white,
47%;<348%c: No. 3 white. : 47%@48>4c; No. 2
rye. 65%<@66c; fair to choice malting barley,
62<§65%c; No. .1 flax seed, 62%c; No.. 1 North
western. $1 <55; prime timothy seed, $6 55;
mess pork, per bbl, $16 65@1C 70; lard, per ' 100
lbs. $9 42@9 45; short-rib sides (loose), $8 20@
8 35; dry. salted shoulders (boxed). 7%@7%c;
.short clear sides (boxed). $8 45@8 75; whisky,
basis of high wines, $132; clover, contract
' erade, $10. • . ,
Artlces — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,000 22.000
Wheat; bushels 84,000 25,000
Corn, bushels ...134,000 76,000
Oats, bushels .....264,000 188,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 - 3.000
Barley, bushels 39.000 16.000
On the . Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 15@23%c;'dai
ries, 14@20c. Cheese, steady, 10i / i@ll 1 ,4c Eggs,
firm; fresh, -31c.
COTTOLEN E— One half-barrel 10%c; threa
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9v6c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and' ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure/ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12&c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins, I2%c. ' . ¦ ¦
CUKEU MKATS— bacoir. lilc ptr lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured ' Hams, "13c: California
Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
barrel ;. extra Mess." $11@11 50; Family, $12®
12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; - extra clear,
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 5U@19; Smoked Beef,
13%ig»14c per pound. ~
This market continued dull and unchanged
The Chicago market «was slightly higher, but
Pork and Lard weakened off at the close. Ribs
showed the " most strength and It looks as ¦ If
there was a' large shortage! in them, as the
packers have been turning out more Lard and
less^Ribs of late. There was good outside
buying. ¦ J ..-¦' • . •
Provisions.
CA'LL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Becond Sessi6n — No sales. .
Regular Morning. Session — No sales..
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Opened the week firm at unchanged
quotations, with moderate receipts. ' (
Grays, . $1 l!0@l 27%; whites. $1 2001 40;
Surprise, $1 40@"l 42%; black, $1 10@l 20 for
feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed: red, $1 25@1 35
per ctl for feed and $1 32%(S>1 40 for seed.
CORN — Chicago reported the movement in
creasing,' with ' a poor cash demand. . Prices
showed no particular change.
This market continued dull at unchanged
quotations. Large- yellow, $1 37%@1 42% ;
small round-, do, $1 45; white, $1 30@l 35 per
• RYE— Continues firm at S5@S7%c per ctl.
with large sales in the San Joaquin Valley at
87%c, Port Costa delivery. * .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ¦ $1 65 »er ctL
Informal Session — 9:15 ' o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, $111%; 2000, $lllli; 4000, .$1.10%; 32,
000, $1 11. .
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 12,000 ctls,
$1 10%; 2000, $1 10%. :
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$111*4. "
BARLEY— Continues firm, and the dry
weather is helping the market. Besides there
Is a very good demand for shipment to the
West and Southwest. Prices are unchanged.
Feed. S3%@85c for choice bright. SI V4<&82V-ic
for No. 1 and 80c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 87%@90c; Chevalier, S5c®$l
per ctl. ."
CALL BOARD SALES.
The American visible supply decreased S52,
000 bushels. ! The world's shipments for the
week were as follows, in quarters: Russian,
85,000; Danubian, 110.C00; Argentina, 18,000;
Indian, 32,000; Australian, 90.COO.
This market stood the same as to shipping
grades, but futures declined. -
- Spot Wheat— Shipping. ?1 06>i@l 07%; mill
ing. $1 0S91@l 10 per ctl. . - . .
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were " lower . and
Paris futures higher.*
Chicago declined lc and was nervous and
unsettled, the market being without support.
The cash demand was poor, but there was a
little better inquiry from 1 - the Continent. The
bulls dumped part of their load. The country
boueht on the winter wheat situation, while
the professionals sold en a weak spring wheat
tiltuatkin. Liquidation seemed to be the gen
eral tendency, and brokers advised their cus
tomers to sell on the firm Epots. A- wire from
Topeka said: "No rain and no receipts, and
no signs of either."
Wheat and Other Grains*
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@SUc for Royals and 8
01oc for standard to' fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c:
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4%@8%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@
5%c for red and 5%®6%c for white; Figs, 4c
lor black and 60®75c per box for white.
• .PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6@6%c: 40-50's. 4«4&;5%c; 50-60"s, 4%
®4%c; W)-70's, 3%@4%c; 70-80>, 3(4@3?4c;
80-90's. 2%©3Vic: 00-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per-20-lb box): Clusters:
Imperial, $3; Dehesu, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 1
crown. $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25.' Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%cr three
crown, 5%c; two-crown,- 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless,- 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fane/,
8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c.;
unbleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
— Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, , 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c;
choice seeded, 6% c; do, in bulk, fancy, ti%e;
choice, (>%c per lb. -, - .
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
EOttshell, «%c; No. 2, MftS%c; No. 1 hardshell,
0c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for : paper
ehell, !)<gl(Jc tor softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, 11® 13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5©oc; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX- 27%@29c per lb.
The. market remains as previously quoted,
being firm.
Dried. Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHICAGO, Jan. lo. — At the , opening of the
wheat pit bulls took hope because the foreign
markets did not reflect the Saturday weak
ness. Liverpool was slightly lower, but grad
ually imriroved, and Paris was higher. Aug
menting this influence were the reports of de
creased shipments to Europe and a decreased
vifrlbl" supply, but these la turn were weak
ened by an increase of 1.1W.000 bushels In the
amount of breadstuff^ on paSia™e. May opened
Me to %c higher at 82%c to M2%c, and 1 . showed
some lendenc-r to break on liquidation. The
continued reports of dry weather and covering
by numerous thorts at the lowest early prices
brought a rally to the opening prices again.
For some time the market wavered between
the two opposing forces. Bulls were striving
to recain their control" of the market, but
the bear contingent was as determined not to
permit it. The general sentiment pervading
the pit to-day was that longs had held on to
their wheat too long In the attempt to push
prices still higher, and that the reaction had
not come in earnest. Toward the close of thr.
session selling orders came in rapidly. Bears
pounded the pit with the argument that there
was too much wheat to be had. May began
slipping down at a rapid rate. The decline
was arrested only by the close of the board,
when May jvas weak, %@lc lower, at 81%@
81%c.
Corn was comparatively firm and yielded re
luctantly • to the bearish Influences in wheat.
Trade was Quiet. May closed a shade lower
at 65%@65-74c with the tone steady.
Oats were very dull. . The close- was steady,
with May unchanged at 45?4@45%c
Provisions ruled somewhat easier, influenced
by the weakness In grain?. May pork closed
10c down; lard 7%@10c lower, and ribs 2%e
oft. , . ' . . .
The leading futures ranged as follows: j
Astoria 30. 2S 52 42 NE Cloudy 0.01
Baker 3U.34 36 24 SE Cloudy o. 00
Carson 30.24 50 20 E Cloudy O.OO
Eureka 30.22 52 40 W Clear 0.W
Fresno 30.18 44 32 NW Cloudy 0. Oil
Flagstaff 30.08 46 32 K Clear T.
Focatello. Ida. 30. 32 42 20 W ¦ Pt.CIdyO.00
lndependence..30.16 5C 30 W Pt.ClayO.00
Los Angeles.. .30. 0« 76 42 W Cloudy O.OO
Phoenix 30.04 72 40 SW Clear 0.00
Portland SO. 32 46 CO NW Cloudy 0.00
Red Bluff 30.20 4S 38 NW Cloudy 0.00
Roseburg 30.26 38 34 NW Foggy O.OU
Sacramento 30.22 40 36 NW Cloudy O.<>0
Bait Lake 30.28 42 26 W Clear 0.00
San Francisco.30.18 46 38 NW Cloudy 0.00
t. L. Ob!spo...30.CS 72 38 N Pt.CldyO.OO
San Diego 50.00 70 50 NW Cloudy 0.00
Seattle 30.34 46 30 S Cloudy 0.04
Spokane 30.38 30 28 NW Cloudy 0.00
Nes-h Bay 30.26 46 40 SE Cloudy 0.02
"Walla Walla.. 30. 40 30 28 NW Cloudy 0.00
Wlnnemucca. .30.26 46 10 NE ' Cloudy 0.C0
Tuma 30.02 74 38 NE Clear 0.C0
Temperature — 7 a. m., 40 degrees.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 28-16! Omaha 26-18
Cincinnati 26-20 i Duluth 10- 2
Philadelphia 34-20 'Chicago ..i IK- s
New York 30-18 'Salt Lake City... 40-20
Kansas City 30-18 St. Louis 26-16
Jacksonville 50-38 . Washington 32-22
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little change in pressure
during the past twenty-four hours along the
coast. Over Central and Southern California
there has, however, been a marked Increase In
cloudiness.
The weather continues foggy and cool gener
ally through the great valleys, but warmer
weather is reported In Southern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty.
hours ending midnight January 14, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Tuesday; not so cold; light northerly
winds, changing to easterly.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
¦weather Tuesday; light northerly winds, chang
ing to westerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; light northerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Tuesday; not so cold; light north
erly winds, changing to easterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, CO days..... — $4 St%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7-U
Sterling Cables — 4 SS-i
New . York Exchange, sight — ,07%
New York F.xchange, telegraph — 1U
Silver, per ounce — - 55%
Lieicican Dollars 41% @ ,-45
a 2 .? 2 - 7
STATIONS. 3 33 33 a! 2* f
THE COAST RECORD.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.111%112 4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar reg. .111%112U 3s quar coup.l08?i —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. — — Oceanic 5s..l01%103
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Ombus C 6s. 130% —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&C H 6s. — 108&
Ed L&P 6s.. — — Pk&O R 6s. — 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s.ll8T»120
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5S. — —
Do 5s — 100% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L Ang R os. 119 — S P of Ar 6s
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 111% —
Do gtd (is. — — (1910) 112% —
Do gtd 5s. 104 — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 99 — (19O5)Sr A.lftS% —
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.108%101 %
Mkt-st C 6s. 125 126 (1906) 111 111 fc
Do lem 5s. 121 122% (1912) — 121
N R Cal 6s. 109% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s... ..121% — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N, Pac C 5s.l05%106% S P BrCal6a.l36%\— ',.
N Cal R 53.112^113^ S V Wat 6s. 112
Oak Gas 5s. 113% — Do 4s 102vil0S%/
Oak. Trns 6s. 121 123 Do 4s 3dm.l0Hi —
Do 1st c5s.109%110 Stkn Gas 6s. 102% —
Oak W g 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 — Port Costa.. 63% 66 .
Marin Co 57% — Spring Val... 85 85%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 2% 2% Pac Light... — —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sacramento . — 40
Mutual — 5 , S F G & E.. 4014 41
OG'L&H. 51%— San Fran 6% 5|i
Pac Gas Imp 35 40 ,\ Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.247% — | - .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 80 82% L P & A 167%169
California ..420 430 ,Mer Ex-Oiq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.112 — S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl..325 350 I j
' SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1025 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trst. . — 2475
S F Sav U..512% — j
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..151 — Market ..... 91 92
Geary — 60 Presidio .... 36 —
POWDER.
Giant ...... 80% — |Vigorit 4 4%
SUGAR. •
Hana 3 4 Kilauea 10 11%
Hawaiian ..34 40 Makawell .. 26% 27%
Honokaa ... 10 — Onomea .... 23^i 24%,
Hutchinson . 14% 15 Paauhau ... 10% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.171 173 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 98 Pac C Borax.165 —
Cal Wine As. 95% 98% Par Paint... 15 — '
Oceanic S Co 40 45
Morning Session.
Board —
00 Giant Powder Con 80 73
15 Giant Powder Con 80 50
10 Spring Valley Water 85 25
•Street—
$15,000 Say Counties Power Co 5s 108 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — '
65 Giant Powder Con 80 75
100 Vigorit : 4 50
$1000 S F & S J V Bonds 122 00
20 Spring Valley Water 85 25
$1000 Spring Valley 4s 103 25
$2000 Spring Valley 4s ,103 00
Street—
20 California Fruit Canners.......... 97 00
$1000 Oceanic S S Bonds 102 00
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Apollo .¦ 20
500 Bear Flag 04
2500 California-Standard 34
100 Home .... 3 65
200 Junction 21
i 60 Kefn 5 37#
600 OH City Petroleum. 22
1000 Petroleum Center 04
1000 Petroleum Center 05 j
2000 Petroleum Center (B 90) 05
100 Sterling 1 15
r>00 Sterling (B 90) 1 2O
500 Superior • • 06
Street—
1500 Oil City Petroleum... 22
• .. » Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 California-Standard 31
. 100 Home 3 65
10 Peerless ....5.75%
600\Reed Crude 3S
' 100 West Shore .'.... 2 90
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the : sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ' * ¦
' , ¦ ". ' Morning Session.
100 Belcher ..... 10 100 Occidental ... 09
100 Best & Belch. 11 200 Ophlr k*
¦SCO Chollar 09 200 Overman .... 10
50O Chollar -• 10 1200 Potost 15
50 Con Cal & V.I 60 .".Oo Savage ...... os
200 Crown Point. 07 600 Sierra Nev... i«
. 500 Kentuck ..... 02 100 Silver Hill... 47
400 Mexican ..... 34 100 Union Con... ? : 1«
"Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ... 25 -500 Seg - Belcher.'. 04
200 Chollar ......; 10 100 Sierra Nev.'.. •'»
100 Con Cal & V.I 50 200 Silver Hill... 47
200 Overman .... 09 300 Union Con. : . 16
; 500 Potosl ....... .10 -. 200 Yellow Jacket 07
The following were the sales In Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: ¦ : .
. •¦ . Morning Session.
' BOO Belcber . 10 SOO Occidental . " - 0»
.300 Best & Belch. 12 200 Ophir ....... as
¦.' 200 Caledonia ... 25 500 Overman . . . 10
500 Chollar ...... 0J 700 Potosl 13
1100 Chollar ...... 10 ::0<i Potosl 17
550 Con Cal & V.I 6«> 200 Savage .. 07
12U0 Con Cal &V.l:5r> '500 Sierra Nev... 19
, 300 Crown Point. OS . 90O Silver Hill.. ¦ 4.S
Hale & Norc. 1:0 SOO'.Unlon Con...- 15
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher ..... 00 500 Ophir .......: 82
50") Best & Belch.- 11 800 Overman ....- 10
600 Chollar ...... Oil 30«> Sierra Nev. ..- 10
ISO C C & Va..l 52% -700 Union- Con. :.. 15
,200 Ophlr. fc.1 000 Yellow Jacket 07
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
MONDAY, Jan. 13 — 2:30 p. m. .
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 15.34 .29.09
Red Bluff 0.00 10.3CS 13.72
Sacramento 0.00 B.33 LO r 3z
San Francisco ..... 0.00 5.94 11. <J0
Fresno 0.O0 3.25 7.02
Independence 0.0" 1.38 5.00
6an Luis Obispo 0.00 4.56 20.54
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 7.SU
San Diego 0.00 0.77 2.45
Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
46; minimum, 38; mean, 42.
TACOMA, Jan. 13. — Wheat, lc higher. Blue
Stem, 64c: Club, «3c.
Clearings, $22U,000; balances, $17,500.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Jan. 13.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla, 64@05c; Blue Stem. 6Cc.
Cleared — British steamer Palatlna, for St.
Vincent, with 188,288 bushels wheat; French
bark La Rochcfaucauld, for Queenstown. with
111,144 bushels wheat.
Northern Wheat Market.
Seven cars of Oranges were offered at the
auction, but one was withdrawn, owing to the
slack demand. The six cars sold as- follows:
Fancy Navels, $1 35@2 SO; choice do, 70c@
$2 :>0; common.' 40c@$l 15; choice seedlings,
fiOiySOc; common Lemons, 40c. There were
more fine Oranges offering than heretofore, and
open market quotations remained unchanged.
Grape Fruit is lower, with very, little de
mand. •
Limes are unchanged. Bananas are cleaning
up.
Coos Bay Cranberries are no longer worth
quoting.
Arrival of 1000 boxes Apples from Arroyo
Grande. .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50® 1 75 per box for extra, 75o
@1 25 lor good to choice and 25©U0c for. ordi
nary; Lady Apples, nominal. .
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c®?2 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS — 50c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 75c<g$l 50
for standards, $1 75@2 25 for choice and $2 50
(??3 for fancy; Seadlings, 50c@$l ; Tangerines,
$1 25@1 50; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l;
Lemons. 50c@$l for common and $1@2 for good
to choice, and $2 25ft2 50 for fancy: Grape
Fruit, $1@2; Mexican Limes, $5Q5 50; Ba
nanas, SI 75Q2 75 per bunch for New. Orleans
and $1@1 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $364
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. 13.— Clearings, $571,902;
balances, $C0.£J5. '
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date &s compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Import* of specie from Mexico during 1901
•were $7,327,S99. against $10,738,940 in 1900, the
descriptions being as follows: Dollars, $5,558,
430; silver bullion, $1.«12,84S^ gold bullion.
$156,621.
Specie Imports From Mexico.
Buyers were reluctant to purchase unless
concessions were granted, thus a very poor
day's business resulted. Prices at the close
were unchanged from Saturday. State common
to ffood, 7©M?4e; prime, U'/i@y%c; choice, J'/j
@10c; fancy. iO»4@Uc.
Californ.a dried fruits were steady to firm,
but not active.
PRUNES — 3 : H@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10'4c; Moorpark. 9%@
13c.
PEACHES — Peeled, lC@20c; unpeeled, 7' / i'S'
12 '.ic.
DRIED FP.UITS
-NEW TORK. Jan. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34.S07 barrels: exports, 17,235 barrels; easier
and less active, affected by the wheat break.
Winter straights. $J 60@3 SO; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 S5@4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 191,90C-*ushels; exports,
116,472 bushels; spot weak. No. 2 red, S9Vic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, #0%c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 87%c f. - o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth, 94c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on cables and local covering,
but reacted under liquidation. Toward noon
a sharp recovery followed large export reports
and a liberal decrease in the visible, bufthis
aiso yielded later . to unloading by outsiders
with active selling also on short account. The
close was weak, -">4c net lower. March, closed
at S7%c; May, &6%@S7 9-N5e. closed 86%c:
July, Sti*i<fi*7 1 /4C, closed SC%c.
HOPS— Steady:
HIDES— Firm.
"WOOL — Dull.
COFFKE — Sprt / Rir% dull. 'No. 7 Invoice,
C^»c; mild quiet; Cordova, 7% | 8Hc.
SUGAR — Raw, weak, but unchanged. Fair
refining. 3c; centrifugal, 06 test. .J ! ,£c; mo
lasces sugar, 2?4c. Refined, unsettled. No.
•i. 4.15c: No. 7. 4.05c; No. S. 3.95c; No. !».
3.90c; N*o. 10. .°..ftf,c; No. 11. 3.sCc; No. 12.
3.S0t; No. £13. 3.75c; No. 11. 3.75c; standard
A, 4.55c: confectioners' A, 4.55c; mold A,
5.H'c; cut loaf. 5.25c: crushed, 5.25c; powdered,
4.S5c; granulated. 4.75c; cubes, 5c.
Geoigo A. Woolner to same, lot on S 11ns of
Virginia street. 220 E of Bonte avenue. E 50
by S 250, subdivisions 3, 4 18 and 19; block
23, map subdivision block 25 (and other lots
and blocks). Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley;
gift.
Emily and Oscar Wendt to Belle Hoots (wife
of John A.), lot on S line of Virginia street.
120 E of Grant. B 40 by 8 135:4%. block 1,
State University Homestead Association, Berke
ley; $10.
North Alameda Land Company to George J.
Hans, beginning at point 75 W of Peterson
street measured along S line of Chapman, 3
100 by E 75. lots 1 tot block 19, North Ala
meda Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
B. Kelsey (single) to North Alameda Land
Company (a corporation), lot 1, block 2, map
North Alameda Tract, formerly Valdez and
Glascock Tract, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn.
Township; $5.
Charles E or Charles Emanuel Clausen (sin
gle) to Huldah M. A. Clausen (single), lot on
E line of Chestnut street. 125 N 1 of Thirty
second. N 25 by E 123:3. block 675, map Watts
Tract, Oakland; also lot on N ¦ line of Princa
street. 183:4 W of Calais. W 33:4 by N 135.
block J. map subdivision blocks I. J and L.
Harmon Tract, Berkeley; also lot on NW cor
ner of Dwindle and Felton streets. W 160 by
N 132:6. lots 12 to 15 block 7. Case Tract,
subect to all liens and* incumbrances. Berke
ley; $10.
Katherlne E. Rich (single) to Wlckham Ha
vens, lot beginning at intersection of NW line
of Peralta street and E line of Harlan street.
N 60. E 64.83. SW 87.45. portion lot 1. map
Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
• Carlton Newman (by John Squires. Tax Col
lector of Berkeley) to S. F. Sinclair. 3.35 acres
N 1-3 of lot 13. section 10, township 1 S. rang*
4 W, etc.. tax sale. Berkeley; $2 17.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair (wife> to W. Oliver
Scott (single), same. Berkeley; $10. . .
Charles L. Davis to Helen E. Davis (wife),
lot on S line of Clinton avenue, 245 E of Paru
street, E 49 by S 150. lot 8. block Q. map Oak
Park Traat. Alameda: (fift.
< John A. Russell to Mary E. Russell (wife),
lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 397:6 XV from.
"W line of old Bowman ditch, N 1100. E 297:6,
NE along said line of ditch and said line ex
tended to ditch and point N on said last line.
1591.56 from SE corner acre lot 8. Washington
Woodward survey. SW along said last ditch
264 SW 231, SW 150. SW 1302. to N line of
Pacific avenue, SE 32O to beginning. Alameda;
K Alfreda and C. H. M. Verwoert to Axel John
son lot on SE line of Vernon street. 432 NE of
Perkins. NE 60 by SE 120. block F. map lands
Oakland View Homestead Association.' Oak
land; also lot on NW line of Adams street, 404
NE of Oakland avenue. NE> 6O by NW 120,
block F, same. Oakland: $10.
John Flaherty (widower) to Julia Flahertr
(single), lot on S line of West Fourteenth
street 150 W of Center. W 25 by 3 103. lot 21
block 5S0A, map Peralta and Center street
lands subject to 615 M. 357. Oakland: $10.
Benjamin P. G. and Jelsomena A. Smith to
Patrick Cahill. lots 13 and 16. block t>, Gaskl'.l
Tract. Oakland; $750.
John and Hannah X. Hanna to John Bowen.
lot 16, block H, map of Latham Terrace. East
Oaklri.1: $10.
J M. and Mary D. Bartlett (wife) to A J
Snyder. lot 19. block K. Paradise Park. Berke
ley: $10.
Edward F. Franks to . Annie E. Frank'
(single) lot 53, Rock Island Tract, Berkeley
$10.
John T. Mahey to Annie Mabev (wlfo) lot
on N line of Berkelev way. 250 W of Sac-*
mento street. N 105. E 140. S 51. E »tO 3 52
¦VV 250. block 5. map of Shaw, Tract. Berkeley
$m.
Sheridan Forbes tr» T-ouls«* 'Fnrhos (wife 1 * lot
on N line of Essex street, 222:2 E of Shattuc'c
avenue, K to by N 105, block T>, man of E
portion of Newbnry Tract. Rerkeley; gift
Mattle H. and George H. Bew to J. J.
Mei«ro. lot on S comer of Benton street an<1
Alameda avenue. SW 150 by SE 78. lot t.
block S». Pacific Land Investment Company's
property. at Morton-ftreet station. Alameda:
«10.
Georgianna de R. Rprnntdls (widow) tr>
.Tosenh Kelley. lot on N line *>? Gillman stre»t
215 W of Fourth, N H5 by E P.2:R. nortton of
lot 13. map. of tract B. Berkeley Land t*n\
Town Improvement Association. Barkatar : ttn.
Alameda County.
Mario O. Buzzlnl vs. Joseph Buzzlnl (by S\
M. Thai', referee) to Joseph Buzzinl, lots 3 and
«5. block 561. Bay Park Homestead Associa
tion; also lot on K line of. Railroad avenue,
77:10% N of Thirty-second. N 25:11*4. E
115:4%. 3 25. W 108:3%. lot 23, block 550,
Bay View Homestead Association; also lots 14
and 15.. block 539. name; also lots 5 to 3 and
42 to 44, block 1. Garden Tract Homestead:
aiso lot on NE line of Seventeenth avenue. 75
NW of K street. NW SO by NE 100, bloclc
323. South San Francisco Homestead; $3400.
Allen H. Piper et al. vs. Ella Doll et al. (by
G. H. Umbsen. referee) to Thomas Donnelly,
lot on SW corner of Bush and Larkln streets,
S 35 by W 112:6; $700U.
Thomas Donnelly to Thomas Skcrrett. undi
vided % of same; $10
Annie E., Estelle, Mabel Bertha and Adolph
D. Sweet and Ida L. Ulman (wife of Victor
R.) to Mary E. Callahaa. lot on N line oC
Pacific avenue, 112:9 W of Buchanan street,
W 80 by N 132:7; $10.
William J.. Joseph K., Herbert L. and Emi
ly A. Hawkins to Gavin "W. Glbb lot on E Un*
of Webster street. 62 :« N ot Hermann, N 25
by E 87:6; $10.
Kudolf Jordan to Charles E. Frederick, lot
on N line of Vallejo street. 171:10% W ot F1U
more. W 34:4% by N 137:6: $10.
Harry Lachman to Edward ' May, lot
on SB corner of Oak and Baker streets, E
90:10% by S 25; $10.
John G. and Elizabeth Adams to John Stler
len. lot on E line of Ashbury street, 222:6 S
of Frederick. N £0 by E 186:3: $10.
Thomas F. Parkinson to Ida S. AVallen (wife,
of August M.). lot on N line of Waller street,
159:7% E of Shrader, E 25 by N 100; $10.
August M. Wallen to same, same; gift.
Crocker Estate Company to Caroline M. Han
sen (wife of C. W.), % of lot on S line of Wal
ler street. 106:3 W of Shrader, W 25 by S 100;
$10.
C. W. Hansen to same. % of same; gift.
Ruth G. Campbell to Ella S. Doble (wife of
Robert M. F.), lot on NW corner of Jackson
and Cherry. streets, W 20:9, N 1CO:9, E 20 S
100:9; $10.
Hobart Estate Company (a corporation) to
Albert and Anna Becker, lot on W line of
Guerrero street. 55 N of Fifteenth. N 25 by W
100; $2250.
Louisa Dowse (widow) to Jane Phillips
(widow), lot on E line of Oakwood street, 395
S of Eighteenth. S 25 by E11S; $10.
Thomas Carpenter to Henry Feigp. lot on Nff
line of San Jose avenue. 53:10% NE of Eliza
beth street. NE 25:3%. W 98, S 25. E 3»: $10.
Estate of George Hudson (by Charlotte K.
Clark, executrix) to John W. McCormick. lot
on N line of Seventeenth street. 245 W of
Castro. N 145, NW 26:6%. S 152:3% E 25;
$1700.
Catherine O. Patterson (widow) to Charles T.
Patterson, lot on N line of Twenty-seventh
street. 213:4 W of Diamond, W 28:8 by N 114:
gift.
Ernest ft. and Christina M. Dettner to Wil
liam E. and Amelia Banks, lot on W line cf
Hoffman avenue (Ellen). 110 S of Twenty
fourth. S 23 by W 100; $15.
Julius Levin to Anstlo-Callfornlan Bank
(Ltd.). undivided fourth of lot on N line ot
Sutter street, 67:8 E of Grant avenue. E 20,
N 60, E 20. N 60, W 37:6. 3 60. W 2:6. S
60: $5.
Frederick J. Dallaxnore to Joseph J. Rich
ards, all Interest In lot on S line of Washing
ton street. 100 E of Larkln, E 37:9 by S
CS:9; also all Interest in estate of Elizabeth
Dallamore, deed and assignment: $100.
Johanna Foley to William Corbtn. lot on NW
line of Clary or Clara street. 225 8W of Rich.
SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
Luigl Rlssetto to Lulgla Rissetto, lot on SW
line of Harriet street, 125 NW. of Brannan,
NW 25 by SW 80; gift.
KEAL ESTATE TRA1TSACTIONS.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— Consols, "03%. Silver,
25%d. French rentes, lOOf 42%c. Cargoes on
passage, rather easier: cargoes No. 1 Standard
California,' 30s 9d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s
6d; English country markets, firm; wheat and
flour on passage to U. K., 3,100,000; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 910,000; Indian
shipments of. wheat to U. K., 292,000 quarters;
Indian shipments of wheat to Continent. 282,000
quarters. ' • ' '
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 13.— WHEAT— Easy;
wheat In Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady;
French country markets, quiet and steady;
weather in. England, fine anc coid.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
Foreign Markets.
At a meeting of the stockholders of the Co
lumbian Banking Company on the 11th lnst.
the following were elected directos-\: C. O.
Perry, James H. Swift, Allen GrlffJ *s. R. L.
Lilienthal (cashier), J. C. Currier. V. L. Tur
pin, 1. J. Truman (president).
The Oil City Petroleum Company states that
,the receipts for the year are $49,871 19 and the
expenses $47,758 82, leaving a balance on hand
January 7. 1C02. of ?1'112 37; cash balance on
hand after deducting other minor expenses
$1400 24. During the year six dividends were
paid, amounting to $15,000. and at the end of
the year the equipment is estimated conserva
tively to be worth $22,500.
The Nevada County Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 10c per share, delinquent at
the Producers' Oil Exchange January 19, at the
office of the company January 20; sale day,
February 7.
The San Joaquln Oil and Development Com
pany has declared a dividend of 5c per share
and an extra dividend of 5c per share, payable
January 25.
The market for local stocks and bonds was
very dull and values showed . little variation.
The oil stocks were also quiet.
Alaska Packers was ex-dividend of $1 per
share, or $48,000, yesterday.
The leading destinations were: China. $11,
086,479; New York, $3,355,565; Mexico, $100,000.
Exports of specie from this' port In 1901 were
$14,557,618, against $22,327,690 in 1900. the
leading; descriptions being as follows: Silver
bullion, $4,639,464; Mexican dollars. S6.464.75S;
rold coin. $1,743,767; silver coin. $568,406; cur
rency and bonds, $725,229.
Exports of •Specie.
EGGS— Ranch, 27@2Sc for selected - large,
26c for good to choice and 25c for
lair: store. Z'Mi'iftQ per dozen; cold storage,
20&25C: Eastern, 20(3'25c. '
CHEESE— New.- liy,@12c: ! old, 10@llc;
Youne- America. 13c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
BUTTEK— Creamery, ,24@2Uc per lb tor
fancy and 20@23c for seconds: dairy. 17%@
21c; store Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery
Tub, 20c. Pickled Roll. 18frl9c; Keg, Italic
per lb. . .• ' . ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ <•
Receipts .were 16,600 'pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 3SG cases of Eggs,
S7 cases 'of Eastern Eggs, and 3S0O- pound? of
California Cheese and pounds of ,Oregon
Cheese and' pounds of Eastern Cheese.
The decline in Eggs continues, and the Ex
change marked its prices down to 25@26c for
ranch. . In spite of the continued cold weather,
which ought to help the market, the feeling
continued weak all over the street and every
body wanted to sell for reasons already given.
Stocks, however, are not too large, except in
the case of two or three houses.
Cheese remains without change!
Butter is as before quoted and the feeling is
steady, with only fair supplies.
Butter, Cheese a>id Eggs.
Export? of Canned Goods from this port by
ce* in 1901 were 425,829 cases, against 893,500
In. 1900. Great Britain took the lion's share,
227.553 cases.
Exports of Canned Goods.
cose preferred, which rained 8 and American
Express, which lost 6. .
The bond market was not very active, but
It was irregular. Total sales, par value,
$3,130,000. ' .
United States refunding 2s declined J 4 and
the 3s coupon J ,i per cent on the last call.
NEW YORIC STOCK MARKET. 1
Sales.' Hijh. Low. Close.
Atchison 44,800 78 >i 76% 77%
Do pfd 7.400 JWVi 9S«i 98VI
Baltimore & Ohio.. 8.500 10:j% 101% 102%
Do pfd 300 OG^a 95% 115%
Canadian Pacific .. 2,200 111 113 H ll3Vs
Canada Southern .. 600 8(5 85 & S5?i
Chesp & Ohio 1.200 40U 40 40
Chicago & Alton... 1.000' :S5>4 Wi 34%
Do pfd 100 7«i£ 76\«, 70Va
Chi Ind & Louis.. 1,200 50*b 50H> 50
Do pfd 200 75*i "5 "0
Chi & K Illinois... 134
Chi & Great W... l,(X.tO 23 22^ 22%
Do A pfd 84
Do B pfd KiO 45 45 44
Chi & N W 100 207 207 205 «,4
C R I & P 1,700 lot! 154% 154%
Chi Term & Trans. ¦ 100 17 17 17
Do pfd :!00 ;W .T.11,4 32%
C C C & St LouU.. 1OO 90 »0 »«
Colo Southern 700 l^i U% U»i
Do 1st pfd 2011 OO'« M)V« <0t»
Do 2d pfd.... .. 400 2SVi 2M}4 1'8&
Del & Hudson 2,500 175% 172 . 173
Del Lack & West.. 1.700 25x"; 4 254-74 255
Denver & Rio G 4J
Do pfd * «m> 01*4 S" 1 * 'Jt
Erie 82.600 4I"«8 40' 4 40'i
Do 1« pfd 5.000 7.:<s 72^ 72%
Do 2d pfd 3.S00 «;o>i 5S SSVi
Grt Northern pfd. 300 185«i 1S5 18t«i
Hocking Valley ?.(** «;7- f ; s «rr«i *u<n
Do pfd 700 S.: S2=h 83
Illinois Central 400 \.iS% l-W<Vs UW',5
tfowa Central 2<;0 3$^ 3S 38
Do pfd 71
Lake Erie & W... TOO CI» 61) 6«
Do pfd - 125
Louis & Nashville. 700 Ui5-"4 H»4l' t 104»-i
Manhattan L 29.400 l.T.t% 137«4 137^
Metropolitan S Ry. 2,30<» lt>21t 1«1% 1«2
Mexican Central... 5,«00 27% 2«% 2tf%
Mexican National.. 1,700 14*s, 14=Ji 14%
Minn & St Ljuis.. 20() lOttVj 1<«' 10 J
Missouri Pacific . . 17.8MO 102 100 100%
IIK.&.T 100 25',i 25<; 25', 8
Do pfd 500 51 U 51 51
N J Central -. . '. l'J2 ,
N Y Central B.800 1«4« Kt! l 4 !«•'%
Norf & Western... 2,700 57 >/i "5'i o5Vj
Do pfd 'Jl
Ontario & Western. 3,500 34 U :{.!% Wft
Pennsylvania .. .. 12,500 14!»>4 US 1 4S=S.
R«adings 57,400 55'n 51 \' s 54%
Do 1st pfd 5,400 81V, SI Ml
Do 2d i>fd 2,50() Ct'i bHi 01%
St Loui? & S F 7,700 63 Hl'i «2
Do 1st pfd SJ'j
Do 2d ii(d 2,100 75'.;, '74*i i5^a
St L & S \V 500 2U"k 20«,i 2<i
Do nfd 5.1tK> 57=?4 Di ' 57'i
St Paul ." 2^,700 1W!j l«l% K!- M /i
Do ?fd 18-;
Southern Pacific:.. 12.5U0 OOVi K»H ."»;•%
Southern Railway. 8.200 33% 32^ "2=;i
Do pfd 3.500 S»iy 4 »2,* 92 ¦*.
Texas & Pacific..^ l.:*00 J!i) 3SV* "& 1 /*
Tol .St L & West.. 100 13 li> l«v l 4
Do pfd «J00 35% 35',(. r,5
j Union Pacific O4.7UO 102 •;« 100% 101 "i,
Union Pacific pfd. 1.K0O 8»>A 8S% bS%
Wabash 100 22% 22% 22V*
Wabash pfd 5.000 42t« 41'^, 41 »4
Wheel & Lake Erie 5t>0 1*% 17% 17^
! Wheel & L E 2d pf 500 29 '/j 2S'-j 2S
', Wisconsin Central. , CtHi 20 li 20 ',4 20
i Wisconsin Cent pfd 800 .40 \ 3 40% 40>,i,
Express companies —
Adams 2iX>
American HK) 210 210 20S
United States 100 100 100 104
WellE-Fargo 185
Mieccllancous —
Amalg Copper 37,500 70Vi 6*Vi 68'^
Am Car & Foundry 1.1C0 2"J% 29% 29V4
Am C & Foun pfd .... 185V4
Am Llceeed Oil 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 43 43 42
Am Smelt & Refln. 2,900 45% 45U 45', 4
Am Smelt & R pfd. 400 90',-i O'J'A 90 : *
Anaconda Mln Co. 700 S0V4 30 30
Brooklyn Rap Tr.. 8,400 CO',4 C5V4 <>5',i
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 000 SG Ho l A 8«
Consolidated Gas... ¦ 1,400 21fi 21« 215'^
Con Tobacco pfd.. 400 115 115- 115
General Electric... SCO 2S0 278 Vi 278
Glucose Sugar 100 41% 41% 41
Hocking Coal 200 14% 14% 11%
Internat Paper 300 20»4 20 20
Internat Pap pfd.. 200 75^4 75U 75Vi
Interaat Power — . 87
Laclede Gas ...I 90
National Biscuit .. 600 45 44% 44%
Nationalised 300 15% 10% 15
National Salt ."0
National Salt pfd.. 1,100 70 67- 07 .
North American 'MVi
Pacific Coast 70
Pacific Mail SOO 47' . 45% 45> 8
People's Gas 4,500 102>i 101 101
Pressed Steel Car. 500 40% 4OW 40
Pressed St Car pfd 300 &"!% 83 Vi 83
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 215 215 214
Republic Steel .... 2,300 1«% 1««4 16>/i
Republic Steel pfd. 400 «9% CS% 68 M
Sugar 13.400 122 ; 120 120%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3.500 02% 62 Vi 62%
Union Bag & Pap. 1,300 '13% 13% 13%
Union B & Pap pfd 73
V S Leather 1.500- 11% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd.. 700 81% SI 81 Vi,
U S Rubber 400 14% 14% 14U
IT S Rubber pfd... *. 50 ?
U S Steel 46,100 43% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 18,600 »4% i«% 93%
Western Union ... 300 91 90% OOji
Am Locomotive ... 3,100 32VI 31 V4 31%
Am Locomotive pfd 500 91% 01% 91%
Total sales 597,."500
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S r*f 2s reg... 10814 L & N Unl 4s. ..101
U S ref 2a coup.l08V 4 Mex Central in.. 82%
U S 3e res IO7W Mex. Cent 1st Inc. 31%
U S 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s. . 103%
U S new 4s reg.,139% Mo, Kan & T 4s. 9S%
U S new 4s coup.130% Mo, K & T 2ds.. 83
U S old 4s reg...lll% N Y Cent lsts...lO2%
U S old 4s coup. .111% NYC gen 3%s..lO8
U S 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s. 133%
U S 5s coup ,.107% N Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison *en 4s.. 103% N Pacific 3s.... ..74
Atchison adj 4s.. »4% N & W con 4s... 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103 Read Gen 4s 98%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 0514 S L&I M con 5s.. 117%
B & O conv 4S...104U S L & S F 4s 96%
Canada So 2ds 103% I S L Swstrn lsts.. 98
Cent of Ga 5s 10S S L Swstrn 2ds.. 78%'
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 76% S A & A P 4a S7»A
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% So Pacific 4s 93>i
Chgo & Alt 3%s.. 84 So Railway 5s...l20'
C. B & Q new 4s. 96V4 Tex & Pac Ists...l20
CM & S Pgen 4s. 110 T. S L & W 4s.. 83%
C & NW con 7s.. 139% Union Pacific 4s. 104%
C. R I &. P 4s... 105% U P conv 4s 106
CC.C & SLgen4s-103% Wabash lsts /.118Vt
Cugo Term 4s 83 Wabash 2ds 114%
Colo & So 4s »2'4 Wabash deb B... 67%
Den & R G 4s.. .101% West Shore 4s 112V4
Erie nrior lien 4s. 99% Wheel & L E 4s. 9Hi
Erie een 4s...... 89% W is Cent 4s 88%
F TV & D C lsts.106% Con Tob 4s 66«i
Hecking Val 4%s.lO8
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con -20 Little Chief ....... : 10
Alice 45 Ontario 8 50
Breece 7% Ophir ~S
Brunswick Con . . . . • 07 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl ]2
Con, Cal & Va...l 50 Savage .05
Dead wood Terra... 20 Sierra Nevada..... 15
Horn Silver 2 00 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 45
Leadvllle Con 05 . ' .
EOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS-
Money—-. -' AUouez ..../ 2 a l
Call loans 4%5i% Amalgamated ... 68U,
Time loans 4%@5 Baltic ;. 30%
Bonds— , ¦ Bingham 24%
Atchison 4s ...102 . Calumet & Hecla.595
Gas lsts 83 Centennial ... 123*
Mex Cent 4s 81% Copp<-r Range 54
N E Gas & Coke. 55M Dominion Coal.. 05%
Railroads — Franklin .... 12(4
Atchison 77 Isle Royale... +'.'.¦ •>!
Atchison pfd OS % Mohawk . -> 8
N Y. N»H &, H..211 Old Dominion...." 22%
Union Pacific... 101' Oseeola so
Mexican Cent. . . . 26'/4 Parrot ' . . . . . ....'. 29 *
Miscellaneous — - Qulncy ....... ."..132
American Sugar. .120 • Santa »Fe Copper* 3
Am Tel & Tel. ..160 Tamarack ..!245'
Dom Iron A Steel 25% Trlmountaln .r 44
General Electric. 27» Trinity " 141,-
Mafcs Electric 34% United States..., 13%
Ma« Elec pfd.... 92 Utah ....... 22*
N E Gas & Coke.. 5 Victoria .......!' ~1y.
United Fruit..... 88 Wlnona .... 1 il
Mlninr— • ; Wolverine .'. hju.
Adventure 19 . • ;"•-
MONDAY, Jan. 13—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice. 05 Otf
Alta 05 09 Kentuck 01 0U
Andes — 01 Lady Wash . . 01 —
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belch. 10 11 Occidental ... 09 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 82 8a
Caledonia ... 24 -'J Overman .... 09 10
Challenge Con 12 15 Potosl 14 15
Chollar 08 00 Savage 06 «T
Confidence ... 6« «O Scorpion — Ot
Con Cal & V.I 45 If 50 Seg Belcher.. 04 05
Con Imperial. 01 02 Sierra Nev... IS 20
Con N«w Yk. 01 — Silver Hill... 47 43
Crown Point. 07 08 St Louis 05 —
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 40 3 60
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... 06 07
Gould & Cur. 06 07 Union Con... 1* 15
Hale & Norc. 31 32 Utah 04 06
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket 07 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Copper broke £1 to the ton on report of an
other cut of lc a pound in . New York. Rio
Tintos fell to 33%. Anaconda held Its price.
American stocks were idle and featureless un
til New York prices caused a general break,
accompanied by a crop of rumors. Some of
these reports were that an unnamed firm had
failed, that James R. Keens was ill and that
the Gates pool was liquidating Union Pacific
holdings. Nothing definite really, transpired,
but Union Pacific, Erie and Atchlson slumped,
the last named on the announcement of the
bend issue. -
NEW YORK. Jan. 13. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says :
The stock market was firmer to-day, with
South African shares booming. Chamberlain's
attitude toward German criticism is warmly
commended. ¦ . ¦
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan.' 13.— COFFEE — Futures
closed steady, net unchanged ) to 10 points
lower. Trading was light, amounting to 30,000
bags, including: March, 6.50@tt.60c; April,
6.65c; May, 6.65@6.75c; July, 6.80@6.90c; Sep
tember, 7@7.10c; October, 7@7.10c; December,
7.15c. ¦.,-'<
New York Coffee Market.
Wheat, 58,077,000 bushels; decrease, 852.000.
Corn, ll,B4a,000 ' bushels; decrease, 60,000.
Oats. 4,544,000 bushels; decrease, 458,000. Rye,
2,490, 0C0 bushels; increase, 68,000. Barley,
2,148,000 bushels; decrease, 175,000.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.'— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, January 11, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, ,1s .as fol
lows: ; •.¦ ¦ .;•.'¦.... ¦ : .. ../.....
Available Grain Supply.
Flour, qr sks... 33,051 ¦ Middlings, sks.. 3*?0
Wheat, ctls ... l,7»0 Bran, sks 1.8S0
Barley, ctls .... 14.09.". Hides No v 1,332
Beans, sks .... 2.4.U Pelts, bdls 124
Corn, ctls 210 Raisins l.OTJO
Rye, ctls So Wine, gals 62.500
Tallow, ctls .... 204 Brandy, gals . . 7.500
Sugar, ctls .... .1.2S2 Lime, bbls .... IX-
Potatoes, sks .. 3,647 Quicksilver, flsk 76
Onions, sks .... 32 Paper, cars .... J
Straw, tons is Leather, rolls... lfi«
Hay, tons . 90S Flaxseed, sks . . 33
OREGON.
'Oats, ctls 2,480 Wool, bales .... / 4
Potatoes, sks .. S07
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, JANUARY '13
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, .$171,686,254; gold, $108,
603,411.
Condition of the Treasury
Middlings again advanced. Bran firm.
Hay in larger receipts, but steady.
Beans and Seeds as before quoted.
Eggs still lozver. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Hogs unsettled, but steady, Other Meats unchanged.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady.
Poultry cleaned up well, but Game was slozc.
Six cars of Oranges auctioned.
Provisions .continue dull and unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.*
Silver a fraction lozvcr.- Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures declined. Barley firm.
Oats and R\c very firm. Corn slozc.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Money on call steady
at 4U@5 per cent; closed bid and asked, 4@4%
per cent., Prime mercantile' paper, 4»4@5ii
per cent. Sterling exchange Is steady, with
actual business In bankers' bills, at $4 87Vb<8'
4 87V4 for demand and at $4 81% for sixty
days. Posted rates. .$4 85 and $4 88. Commer
cial bills, $4 83%@4 83%. Bar silver, 55MiC.
Mexican dollars, 44>ic
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, inact
ive; railroads, irresular. -
New York Money 'Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Iron was firm- here, but unchanged. Euro-'
pean markets were a trifle higher. at 49s 6d at
Glasgow and 44s 9d at Mlddlesboro. Pigiron
warrants were quoted at $11<S<12: No.. 1 North
ern foundry, $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry. North
ern, $16@15 50; No. 1 foundry Southern, $15 50
©16; No. 1 foundry, Southern soft, $15@17.
Spelter was unchanged here and at London,
the latter closing at £16 10s. New York closed
at ?4. _ ....¦¦,:"¦
Tin was about 5s higher in London at £103
10s for spot and £101 10s for futures. Spot tin
was also higher here, closing at $22 »5@23 25. ..
Lead was unchanged here at $4.- But at Lon
don prices were Is 3d lower at £10 7s Cd.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The point of interest
in. the metal 'market 'to-day'. was the decline of
%c in the. price for Lake copper. The closing
price for spot was ll%c and casting' lie. , It
was ' rumored that ' sales are being made - at
prices below the above. The London copper
market was £1 7s 6d lower, closing with spot
at £45 12s Cd and futures at £46.
New York Metal Market.
ST. JOSEPH. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2CO0; > steady.- .Natives. $3 35@7 25: cows and
heifers XI 25(25 35; vealc; $3~®G 25; stockers
and feeders, $2 25@4'40. •
HOGS — Receipts, 8900. Market steady. , Light
and Ifpht mixed. $5 70@6 40; medium - and
stock. $6 10@0 65; i pigs, $3 65@4 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, , 550. Market , 10@15c
higher. Lambs, $6@6 05. •
ST. .;- JOSEPH
lambs, sood, j steady; ¦ others weak. '-. Good- to
choice wethers," $1 25@4 75; 'fair ; to choice
mixed,' $3 G0@4 25; '-Western sheep, fed, $4«>
4 75; .native lambs, : $3 50(36; -Western lambs,
$5®6. ..¦¦-," .:.-, ¦¦--¦.¦ ' "- - ¦ ' '
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@17c; Live
Turkeys, .12 '^@13c lor Gobblers and 13»4@14c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75;. Gos
lings. ?1 75@2; Ducks, $4 50@5 for old and $«
07 for young; Hens, $4@5: young Roosters.
$4 60® 5; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4f0
4 00; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and S3@3 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 20®l 50. per dozen for
old and $2@2 25 for Squabs. '
GAME— Doves; per dozen,V$l; Hare, $125;
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard. $3@3 50: 1 Canvas-back, i $G@4: Sprig.
$2@2 50; Teai, $1 25@1 50; Widgeon, $1 25@
1 50; Small Ducks, ill 25: Black Jack, $1 25;
English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $150; Gray
Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, $2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50. .
Poultry was in light receipt and cleaned up
well at previous prices. .No Eastern came in.
Two cars ' were ¦ expected for to-day, however.
There was one car carried over from Saturday.
The demand for dressed Turkeys. was slack.
Game was weak and slower, with receipts
of 131 sacks,''. :
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES — 90c@51 15 for Burbanks from
the ; river; . Salinas -Burbanks,. $1 25@1 65: Ore
gon • Burbanks, $1 25@1 60; \ Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 40@l 50; River Reds, $1 45@1 60;
Early. Rose, for seed, $1 15@1 25; Sweets, $115
for Merced.- ¦ -v..- '.- ' • • . .
ONIONS— $150@l 75' per ctl; Oregons". $150
@2; Green Onions, 40@50c per box. .
..VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. 3@5c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
10@15c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los An
gles Tomatoes, $1@1 50; per box and $1 25@2
per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@12^c .per
lb; Los Angeles do, 1G@1Sc; Dried Okra. 12%@
15c per lb: Carrots. Sj@50c per sack; Cucum
bers, 50c@$l; hothouse do, 50c<g$l 50 per dozen;
Garlic, l%@2c; Lo S Angeles i Green , Peppers,
10@20c; , Egg Plant from Los. Angeles, 15c;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 25;
Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms, nominal.
I Peas were in heavy receipt, but in good con
dition, while String' Beans were weak' under
larger arrivals. Tomatoes '- sold well;, as there
were considerable shipped on the northern
steamer.. Summer Squash was weak and plen
tiful. . .>:¦ . , .¦'.-- , . •„. . ,
prices held up. Onions were ; firm at. previous
prices, with a car from Oregon. • * .<- -. 'v
Bay. $5 80; Wallsend. $S 50; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and
$13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania. Anthracite Egg.
$15; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $S 45 per 2UC0 lbs and $8 50 per
ton. according to brand. . -., • .
OILS — California Castor OH. In cases, No. 1.
70c pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
72c- raw. "70c, cases. 5c more;. Lucol. OSc for
boiled and 66c . for raw, in barrels ; Lara Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
tn barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale OH. natural white, 40@50c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37}ic; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. «3^c tor Ceylon and 5S*ic for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal OU. In bulk.
1314c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, tn bulk. 15c; In
cases. 21Uc: Benzine, In bulk. 14c; In cases.
20%c; 86-desree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 2614 c.
TURPENTINE — 61%C oer erallon In cases
and 55%c in arums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Suear Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags :
Cubes, crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.03c;
Powdered. 4.90c: Candy . Granulated. 4.90c;
r>ry Granulated. 4.8Oc; Confectioners" A. 4.SOc:
Fruit Granulated. -4.80c: Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4:70c: Magnolia A. 4.4Oc: Extra
C. 4.30p; Golden C, 4.20c- D, 4.10c; barrels. lOo
more: half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more:
WMb bags, 10c more. Ifa orders taken for less
than 75 barrels -or its equivalent. Dominoa.
half-barrels. 5.30c; boxes. 6.55c per lb.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
Chicago Grain Market.
AUCTION SALES
LASr GREAT SALE OF THE SEASON.
THOROUGHBRED
RACE HORSES
-CONSIGNED BY -
PAPINTA STOCK FARM. HOBART STOCK
FARM. PALO ALTO STOCK FARM. ETC.
These are sired by Imp. Candlemas, El Ra>'<>.
Nomad. Flambeau, Brisht Phoebus. Joe Rip-
ley, Imp. Trentola and Fonso, out of sucn
famous mares as H^ldee. Eda II. Imp. Amalia.
Ursula, La Belle II. Lovellght. Francesca II.
Minnie Elklns. Miss Jessie. Ban Brook. Trade
Lots.. Bonalr and Nereid.
' . SALE WILL TAKE PLACE AT
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard Street, near Third. S. F..
Friday Evening, January 17, 1902.
Commencing at 7:45 o'clock.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES READY.
Horses at Yard Wednesday. Jan. 13.
jfx REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION «V_^
2£Biat ARCADE HORSE MARKET. v -^ v
.12? SIXTH st. WEDNESDAY. January 15. at
11 a. m.. 30 AU-purpcse- Horses v 1 Rubber-tired
Buggy. 1 lot of Harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.The opening. night of the. tournament of
the San Francisco Bowling Association
was marked -by several well-played con
tests. At the American Alley, the Eugene
Club defeated the Excelsior Club by a
team average of 159 8-15 to 114 7-15/ At the
Eugene Alley -the Lincoln Club defeated
the Echo Club two games out of three,
while at the Coneordia Alley the El Dora
do Parlor Club won three games straight
Ironr. the National Parlor Club. ;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; • ARRIVED.
'"Monday, January 13. '¦•'•
Stmr- Gipsy,/ Leland.'-OO hours from Moss
Landintf and way ports. . • - •
Ger shii» Seefaluer,^ Shumacher, 129 days 1
from Ant™. :... >;—.:.;
Monday, January 13. .'>
Etmr ' Meteor. Jensen. ¦ .". '.¦;.•¦¦
. _ ' . I DOMESTIC PORTS.'
" CASPAR— Arrived ; Jan 13 — Stmr • '. Samoa,
hence Jan. 12. : : . ...
• -FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan; X3— Stmr Arctic;
for San 'Francisco. :' . , ¦
The officers of the. French, steamer
Protet, now in port, will make a return
visit this morning at the City .Hall to
Mayor Schmitz, who was their guest last
Sunday. They will be received at the
McAllister street entrance at 10 o'clock
and will then be escorted to the Mayor's
office, where a reception will follow.
Will Visit Mayor Schmitz.
British Consul Bennett Coming.
I Courtenay "W. Bennett, Consul General
of Great Britain at this port for Califor
nia. Nevada, *Utah and Arizona, will
leave England at the end of this month
and is expected to assume his official
duties here about the middle ot February.
The Board 'of Public Works yesterday
named Friday, January 31, as the day on
or -before which all claims for damages
resulting ' from . the . grades being changed
and, established' on Indiana, -Minnesota,
Nineteenth. andi Twentieth streets, as pe
titioned by the Santa Fe Railway Com
- Commissioner Casey will investigate a
complaint that the contractors .at- work
on the old Baldwin Hotel block, are vio
lating a city ordinance by excavating un
der the street. -The Independent Electric
Light and ' Power ' Company i informed . the
board that -the excavation has caused in-
Jury to its conduits and pipes. .
Claims for Damages.
The body: of Edward Lyons,' . a ¦ paver,
residing at 563^ Bryant street, was found
floating in the bay in the Merchants', dry
dock ' yesterday j morning by I Daniel GHlis.'
foreman of the dock. Lyons was 65 years
old and ha<J- been missing -Bince Saturday
evening.;?." ." . . . •'. .. ' ¦
Edward Xyons Drowned.
Jerry Loy. a young man who resides at
911 Geary street, was Injured yesterday
afternoon - while coasting down the Cliff
House hill on- a bicycle. Ha was • re
moved to the Park. Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Stevens dressed hia wounds.
Injured While Coasting.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 33.— Captain of Police
Porry H. Xewberry baa tendered hla res
ignation to the Police Commissioners. He
givos as the rr^tson that "relations with
my superiors have not been all harmo
nious." Ncwberry had been on the force
only two months. He and Chief of Police
Kjcward have not got along well togeth
er, and thfir relations became so strained
that one or the other had to resign.
Captain of Police Eesigns.
Abraham Jacobs, son of the late Abra
ham Jacobs," ' a pawnbroker, who. died
February 16, 1889; tiled a suit for an ac
counting yesterday against Bernard Ja
cobs and Susie Levy, executor and execu
trix pf the estate of the late Pauline Ja
cobs mother of the - plaintiff and one of
the defendants. He alleges that Mrs. Ja
cobs previous to her death, so . arranged
her husband's affairs that her favorite
son. Bernard, was enabled to purchase
the pawnbroking business of her husband
for $3500, a price much below what the
business was' worth, v The plaintiff also
alleges' that his mother and Bernard Ja
cobs made combinations and plans great
ly detrimental to the interests of himself
and thp other heirs. -
Jacobs Charges Fraud.
The counting of the ballots cast at the
last election in the Forty-first Assembly
District in Judge Murasky's court, re
sulted in a loss of twelve votes to Super
visors-elect- Alpers and Bent and ten
votes to Eggera.; .
Candidates Lose Votes.
Cridge s chitf work, however, was ac
compllsncd in this city, and here he is
best known. He was one of the. board of
freeholders 'who framed the new charter
and wat chiefly Instrumental in" having
the provision pertaining to Initiative and
referendum inserted in that instrument.
He was also an advocate of single tax
and proi»oriion,al representation.
The deceased was a native of England
and 77 years of age. He emigrated to this
country in his early youth and for a
number of years conducted the Van
Guard, an anti-slavery journal in Indiana.
He came to California in 1875, and since
that time n(s work and personality have
been well known. At one time he was
connected with the San Jose Times, which
is now merged into the Mercury. He was
also proprietor of a journal in Eureka. .
Alfred Cridge, who was one of the best
known journalists In this city, passed
away last night at St Luke's Hospital.
Death was principally due to his advanced
age. .. \
Hospital at the Advanced
Age of 77.
Albert Cridge Dies 'at St. Luke's
WELL-KNOWN JOURN\AXIST
PASSES TO HIS REST
United States Circuit | Court Clerk
Southard Hoffmann received yesterday by
mail from Washington the findings of the
United States Supreme Court In the ay
pealed cases of Horace W. Philbrook vs.
W. H. Beatty, Chief Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, and the other Jus
tices, and that of Horace W. Philbrook
vs. W. J. Newman and . the Justices - of
the Supreme Court. The appeals are dis
missed and costs of $20 in each case are
imposed upon Philbrook. The reason for
the dismissal, as stated in the appeal, is
that Philbrook failed to print the 1 trans
cript of the record.'. Execution for • the
collection of the $40 is ordered to issue at
once against Philbrook,
Horace Philbrook Defeated.
Isaac Conklin, the Oakland bigamist,
was set -free by, order of the Supreme
Court yesterday on v ths ground that he
had: not been given a 'hearing within the
time prescribed by law. ' He was rear
rested immediately, however, on a new
warrant. ¦ ¦ • - ¦ / '
Gains But a Moment's Freedom.
Phil Archibald, the well-known horse
man and bookmaker, who was recently
released from, the State Hospital for the
Insane at Stockton, -has lost hi3 reason
again. He was locked' up in one of the
padded cells at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday, pending his removal to the
asylum.
Loses His Reason Again.
. OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— Licenses to marry
.were issued to-day to Richard B. Day,
aged 25, and Hattie I. Hayes,' 20, both of
San Francisco; Samuel E. Crisp, 24, and
Anna S. Carter. 18. both of San Francisco.
Licensed to Marry.
SEATTLE, Jan. 13.— An order from the
United States Postofflce Department de
velops a strange sequel to tho killing of
Chie" of Police Meredith of this city by
John \V. Consldine. Mrs. Meredith,
widow of the dead Chief, has been or
dered to a position the duties of which
would keep her on almost the exact spot
where 1-tr husband was shot to death.
After the killing of Meredith the
widow, having herself and two children,
to support, passed the civil service exam
ination for postal clerk. Last week the
c'.epartnient ordered a sub-station to be
moved from Lee's Pharmacy and two
new ! stations ¦ established, one in Garri
son s Pharmacy and the other in Guy's
c'rugstere. •¦¦It- ¦¦was in Guy's that Mere
d'ith was killed. , A day later the depart
ment assigned Mrs. Meredith to havs
charge of the station at Guy's. On ac
count • of the circumstances the. local
postofflce officials will endeavor to -have
the order changed and the widow given
another place. . . .
MUST LABOR OVER SPOT
WHERE HUSBAND WAS. SHOT
In honor of its first anniversary the
Master Barbers' Association will $lve an
entertainment and smoker to-night at its
hall, 102 O'Farrell street. The committee
on arrangements has used every effort to
make the affair a memorable success. In
vitations have been sent to every boss
barber in the city. The entertainment
will be concluded with a grand raffle for
prizes. i
Barbers to Entertain.
After finishing the description of what
had been accomplished, Marconi Fpoke of
his hopes for the future. "He declared
that shortly it would b« possible to send
mary messages over the sea at the same
nine; . •
".Messages can only be read when the
receiver and the transmitter are attuned.
This attuned pystem as perfected is not
at iresent in use on ships. It has been
deemed necessary that each ship should
be equipped with apparatus which will
permit the reading of a. message sent from
any other fihip. because of the possibility
of aid bolr.gr required in case of danger.
Therefore all ships are attuned so that
one ship can call up any other ship."
Signor Marconi on being Introduced first
described what his system had accom
plished up to the present time, and espe
cially In reference lo its use on ships.
He then referred to the prevailing opin
ion that when a message is cent into
ppace any one with the necessary ap
paratus can intercept that message and
read it. He said:
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— William Marconi
was the guest of honor to-night at th«
annual dinner of the American Institute
of Electrical Engineers in the Astor Gal
lery of the Waldorf-Astoria. Thomas A.
•Udiscn wrote that he would be glad to
be present, as he "'would like to meet the
young man who had the monumental au
dacity to attempt and succeed In jumping
an electrical wave clear across the At
lantic Ocean."
Many Wireless Messages Over
the Sea at the Same Time.
It Will Soon Be Possible to Send
MARCONI HOPEFUI.
FOR THE FTJTUBE
A delightful reception and banquet was
tendered the officers and men of the
French warship Protet by the French
colonists of this city last night at tho
Red Men's Hall. The arrangements had
been very carefully made and the affair
proved most successful. The evening was
pleasantly passed with speeches and
vocal and instrumental music. The colon
ists proved themselves good entertainers.
Banquet for Officers and Men.
The veteran artist superintended the
hanging of his own painting and the su
perb production was inspected by large
numbers of visitors yesterday.
It shows the immense granite glaciers
above the Yosemlte, the mountains cov
ered with snow and flooded with light,
while etorm clouds are swept in great
masses across the horizon. Tho Merced
River is seen tumbling in foamy volume
between the canyon rocks and dashing
through a gorge to the Yosemite Valley.
The painting is three feet by five, and
has been handsomely framed, and due at
tention has been paid to the lighting ef
fects. .
The painting placed on exhibition yes
terday occupied Keith two years in pro
duction and is considered the best of the
artist's creations. -
The Emporium proposes to install an
art gallery for the. edification of visitors,
and Keith's painting is the first of a val
uable collection to be gathered together.
The directors of the Emporium have
purchased William Keith's famous paint
ing, "The Headwaters of the Merced,"
and yesterday the art work was placed
on exhibition in the gallery of the big
department store.
Nucleus of Art Collection for
Big Department Store.
'Headwaters, of the Merced" Forms
EMPORIUM PURCHASES
KEITH'S MASTERPIECE
Is a Regularly Equipped Company.
Company A, Veteran Reserves^N. G. C,
was among the military organizations
that marched in the funeral procession of
the late Adjutant General W. H. Seamans.
In the accounts of the funeral they were
referred to as veterans of the Civil War.
Company A. is a regularly armed and
equipped company admitted into the ser
vice of the State by a special act of the
Legislature. ...
A proposition to again increase the sal
ary of the adjutant, this time from $100
to 1125 a month, cauS»d some discussion,
and the intimation was given that all sal
aries at^the home, would have to be raised
if the adjutant were favored. It was fur
ther stated that the adjutant of the Na
tional Home at Santa Monica gets only
$50 a month, while the State Home at
Napa is paying $100. The State also pro
vides dwelling house, fuel, light, horse
keep etc., free, making the position worth
at least S175 a month. The motion to in
crease prevailed, but notice of reconsid
eration in February was entered.
Facts regardlngs the death jpf James
O'Connor, a member of the home, whose
lifeless body was found in the stone house
shortly after the canteen police had taken
him there, were officially submitted in tho
commandant's report. The post mortem
examination showed that death was
caused by aneurism. Edmund Herrick, a
veteran who saw the police taking O'Con
nor to the stone house, came before the
board at his own request to say that he
saw no acts of violence. It was reported
by the saloon-keepers of Yountville that
Herrick was spirited away.
The monthly reports of Colonel George
W. Watts, commandant, contained the
statement that th*e number of veterans'
actually present at the home was 801 — the
largest on the record of the institution.
Dr. Keables, the medical director, report
ed that there was but one vacant bed in
the hospital, the number of patients being
197.
The board of directors of the Veterans'
Home. Napa County, met at the office in
this city yesterday, President S. W.
Backus presiding. The directors attend
ing were Charles H. Bllnn, Hugh M.
Burke. J. C. Currier, W. J. Ruddick, S.
J. Look, W. L. Duncan and Sol Cahen.
O'Connor — Adjutant's Untimely-
Request for Increase.
Facts Concerning Death of James
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
OF VETERANS' HOME
The event of this evening will' be the
FirsV Friday Cotillon, a special midwin
ter assembly and german, at Golden Gate
Hall. A. prominent feature will be the
quality of music selected for this occa
sion, none but good music having 1 been
authorized by the committee on arrange
ments. During the ! german , Wagner's
"Tunnhauser I March'" v/111 . be renderc-d,
and &s new figures will be introduced this
german ' bids fair to be especially . enjoy
able.- • ¦' ;¦;.;-.-•¦:; -r ¦.•<•¦, '¦ ¦--•.:¦.¦
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr., Mrs. Dean, Mrs.
Whlttell, ,Mrs.' Rosenstock, Mrs. Whitney and
Mrs. Curry at the Palace Hotel; Mra, William
F ( Thornton, Mrs. Joseph M. t Nousruea, Mrs;
Hart.' Mrs. Babcock and Miss Blair- at the
Richelieu; Mrs. , and the Misses Harrington,
Mrs. Smedberg and Mrs. -Chamberlain at the
Knickerbocker; Mrs. and Miss Nuttall - and
Mrs. and : Miss Cooper on Sutter street, Mrs;
Prey's; Mrs. Holt and Mrs. Washington Dodge
at the Cumberland.: MUs 'Garber and Mrs,
Stanley . at the. ' Fleasanton.
• '• . •
Some of those who received, yesterday
afternoon are: ' _ ' -• ':
Two of our most popular debutantes
smiled under favorable circumstances
yesterday afternoon. ' They were Miss
Kathryn Robinson and Catherine Herrjii,
for whom a little party was given jon
board the United States revenue cutter
McCulIoch. Lieutenant John Mell acted
as host and the other gentlemen were Or
ville Pratt, Redick Duperu and Joseph
Rosborough. , The charming mother of
one of the young ladies chaperoned the
party.
• ? •
Mrs. Albert J. Dibblee gave a small tea
for her sister, ±<lrs. David Greene, yester
day afternoon at the residence they have
taken for the winter at 2717 Pacific ave
nue. She was assisted by Mrs. Greene
and her. cousin, Miss Juljftte Williams.
The tea was very informal, only .a few
friends being invited, but the few were,
delightfully, entertained by these charm
ing ladies
Miss Catherine Herrin was hostess at
an informal tea on Sunday afternoon and
guests pronounced it one of the most de
lightful affairs of the. season. The draw
ing rooms of the beautiful Herrin resi
dence at Broadway and Scott street were
elaborately decorated with flowers, holly
berries and an abundance of mistletoe.
Miss Herrin was assisted in receiving by
Miss Kathryn Robinson, Miss Louisa
Redlngton, Miss Ardella Mills, Miss- Eliz
abeth Mills, Miss Elsie Sperry and Miss
Noonan.
Sunday matinee teas have not only be
come quite au fait, but they are' abso-t
lutely indispensable to the hostess who
wishes to seo her guests thoroughly en
joy themselves. There is something de
lightfully unconventional about dropping
in on Sunday afternoon and being wel
comed by a coterie of sparkling debu
tantes, and it is a decided relief from the
stilted formality of a reception. The men
are strikingly in evidence at these Sun
day teas, as this is about the only day
most of them can spare to do society.
• William. Pennington, a non-union team
ster in the employ of McNab & Smith,
was arrested yesterday at the Broadway
street wharf by Officer Murphy and
charged with assault to commit murder.
Pennington and a union teamster named
W. G. Cottrell had a" dispute regarding
the right of way. Pennington, Murphy
says, became enraged, and seizing a por
tion of a gas pipe attempted to intimidate
Cottrell. Falling in- this he drew his re
volver, but before he could shoot he was
placed under arrest.
Backs "Op Argument With Gun.
, BEAUMONT, Texas, ' Jan. 13.— J. : P.
Withers, who was until December 31
president of the American National Bank
of this city, was arrested to-day by a
Deputy United States Marshal at Kansas
City on the charge of forgery, which, it
is stated, aggregates $37,000.
Withers came here during the , boom
that followed the discovery of oil, asso
ciated several capitalists with him and
organized the American National Bank,
he being made president. He served in
this capacity until the date mentioned. '
Not a great deal of Withers' history is
known here. He organized a bank at
Sherman, Tex., about two years ago and
was made president. Friction arose be
tween Withers and the directors and a
new president was, elected. He is said to
have married the daughter of a wealthy
Chicago gentleman, who is interested in
the Barber Asphalt Company. "Wittier*
has been indicted by the Jefferson County
Grand Jury for forgery. Complaint has
also been made against him before the
United States Commissioner here.
Organizer at the Beaumont
Oil Fields. . -
Serious Charge Made Against an
BANK . PRESIDENT »
ARRESTED FOR FORGERY
It is intimated that other sensational ar
rests will be made at Iron Mountain in a
frw days. It is* alleged that Tom Horn
W2E hired to kill Kels Nickel and his boy,
nn6 that several neighbors of Nickel were
the instigators of the plot. It is also
charged that these neighbors attempted
to assassinate Nickel a few weeks follow
ing the murder of his boy.
CHEYENNE. Wye Jan. 13.— Tom Horn,
the scout, Indian fighter and stock detec
tive, was arrested here at noon to-day by
Sheriff Smalley and Deputy Proctor on a
warrant charging him with the murder
of Willie Nickel, the 13-year-old son of
Ranchman Kels P. Nickel of Iron Moun
tain, who was assassinated in July last
p.par his father's place.
Horn was seated in the lobby of a hotel
waiting for dinner when the officers
served the warrant. He now occupies a
ste^l ceil in the County Jail, as it is
known he has powerful and wealthy
friends and it is feared an effort may be
made to liberate him.
The cause of the wreck was tho mali
cious breaking of a switch lock and the
throwing of the switch by some unknown
person.
H. K. Bear, the dead foreman, had a
half interest in the drug store of C. L.
Lease of this city, the husband of Mary
Ellen Lease. His body was brought her*
to-night. . . . . : c: -. .:
The injured are; Brakeman Frank
Hoop, Foreman James Casey, Engineer
John Yeaton of the freight train, four
men on the work train named Mitchell.
Jackson, Burke and Potter. None of
them are Injured fatally.
WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 13.— A freight
train running twenty miles an hour on
the O'Keene CO. T.) branch ft the Rock
Island road crashed into a* work train
which was standing on a siding at
O'Keene .at 6 o'clock this morning anid
killed Bridge Foreman H. K. Bear of thi3
city and Carpenter A. E. Colby of Galva,
Kans. The men in the work car wert*
still asleep and were b'uiied -under the
debris, which caught fire and threatened
to roast them. The crew, of the freight
train and some citizens by herculean ef
forts saved them.
SUNDAY TEAS
ENTER SOCIAL
WORLD TO STAY
Noted Indian Fighter Is
Arrested by Wyom
ing Authorities.
Two Men Are Killed
and Seven Others
Badly Injured.
John* Wilson, an ex-convict, was brought
over from Oakland by Detectives Crock
ett and Dillon last night and booked at
the City Prison for burglary. A few
nights ago he broke into the residence of
Attorney Frank M. Stone at 1278 Wash
ington ' street and stole a dressing case
valued at $75, a lot of silverware and a
Parker shotgun. The dressing case was
presented to Mr. Stone by M. H. de
Young. Most of the stolen property has
been recovered.
Robs' an. Attorney's House.
. The third and last symphony concert
of the first series under the auspices of
the San Francisco Symphony Society will
take place at the Grand Opera-house next
Friday afternoon at 3:15 sharp. Paul
Steindorff and his splendid orchestra,
with Giulio Minetti a3 concert master,
have prepared a striking programme. The
"Jupiter" symphony of Mozart;
"Dreams,"" by Wagner, and Massenet's
"Scenes Pittoresque" will be given, and.
for the first time in America will be pro
duced the "Donna Diana" overture, an
opera of great repute in Europe jiow, by
E. N. von Reznicek. The sale of seats
will begin at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s this
morning at 9 o'clock.
Symphony Concert Friday.
Resolved! That a cony of the foregoing ba
forwarded to Admiral Schley, also to our
Senators and Representatives in Congress. -
Resolved. That ' we believe it the duty of
Congress, to review the record of the court, to
examine into all the circumstances and events
tending to throw light upon the controversy
and to announce its judgment as to who was in
command at the battle of Santiago, and as to
the conduct of Admiral Schley on that occa
sion.
Whereas, Though the verdict of that court
of inquiry left no stain upon his reputation as
a gallant and brave officer, yet two members
of that tribunal denounced his conduct of that
battle, in spite of the fact that a glorious vic
tory was won. and denied that he was chief
in command: and . *
Whereas. Our great admiral," George Dewey,
who by virtue of his ability and patriotism,
and who. as the hero of the greatest naval
victory of modern times,, was pre-eminently
qualified to judge of the . actions and orders
of Admiral Schley on that memorable day.
declared In a supplemental report that the
latter "had maintained an effective blockade,
and. as officer in absolute command, was en
titled to the credit for the victory off San
tiago." - ". - . ¦ .
Whereas, Such efforts were so persistent that
Admiral Schley was forced, out of self-respect,
to demand a court of inquiry by the Govern
ment; and
Whereas, Efforts were made not pnly to de
tract from the glory due .to Rear Admiral
Sch'ley for his signal victory over the Spanish
fleet off Santiago, but to denounce his vic
torious plans of battle on that occasion and
to charge that gallant and generous officer
with cowardice in the face of the enemy; and •
CHICAGO, Jan. 13.— Resolutions calling
upon Congress to reopen the Schley case
and make its own decision' as to who
was in command at the battle of San
tiago were passed by the' Board of Trade
at its annual meeting to-day. The vote
was not unanimous, but the roar of the
"ayes" was three times as loud as the
roar of the "noes," and the vocal vote
went unchallenged as expressing the
feeling 6f the board. - • ¦ - •
A brief but brisk discussion preceded
the adoption of the resolution. The reso
lutions as passed are:
Chicago Board of .Trade Asks Con
v gress to Reopen the Schley Case.
DEMAND MADE BY MERCHANTS.
Major Louis W. Crampton, surgeon,
having reported his arrival at San Fran
cisco, will repair to this city and report
to the surgeon general for instructions.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original: Edward M. Taylor, Sol
diers', Home, Los Angeles, $12. Increase:
Henry B. Cole, Los Angeles, $10.
Representative Kahn to-day introduced
a bill to establish a fog signal lighthouse,
costing $30,000, ¦ at the Southampton
Shoals, San Francisco Bay.
Rural free delivery service will be es
tablished March 1 at New Whatcom,
Wash., and three additional rural free
delivery carriers assigned to Walla Wal
la, Wash. .
Army orders— Contract Surgeon William
A. McVean is relieved from duty at the
general hospital at the Presidio, San
Francisco, and ordered to the Philippines.
Postmasters appointed— California: Wil
liam Gibson, Beckwith. Plumas County,
vice William E. McNeill, deceased;
Claus Schlictman, Bethany. San Joaquln
County, vice William B. Faulkner, re
moved. ' ¦ - .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Postmasters
commissioned — California: David W.
Rank, Berryessa;' Robert N. Canonyea,
VInton; Clara A. Fowls, Citrus. Oregon:
Edward G. Bolter, Crosskeys. Washing
ton: Charles E. Pennington, Boistfort.'
Establish Lighthouse on South
. ' ampton Shoals.
Congressman Kahn Introduces Bill to
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
; OF THE! PACIFIC COAST
TRAINS COLLIDE
ON A SIDETRACK
The Chancellor concluded by assurln*
the Germans of East Prussia that the
Government would not deviate . in tho
slightest from the track laid out by "that
greatest German," the late Prince Bis
marck.
I know only one policy. Just as I know only
one single. Individual nation. The questions at .
issue in the Eastern provinces are not religious'
but national. Thanks to our protection there
has arisen a community oC Polish citizens
which has now taken up the leadership of Po
lish agitation in a fanatical spirit, and which
is closely connected with, the Polish coloniza
tion commission. Now that these national con
flicts are forced on us only two possible courses
are open-^-either to allow ourselves to be ¦ van
quished without a struggle or to protect our
skins. We cannot allow the roots of Prussian
strength to rot. The Polish question is th<»
most important before the nation and on its
settlement depends the development of the im
mediate future of. our fatherland. Our policy
is unchangeable. If need be, we shall provielo
further means to Improve the condition of the
German peasantry, promote industry and estab
lish garrisons. We hope to be able to cope
with. the situation with existing legislation.
We entertain no doubt of the loyalty of the
members of this House, but 1 beg the House
to have no doubt about the disloyalty of ths
Polish agitation. . -
The Chancellor disclaimed all desire to
slight .the Catholics, saying the Govern
ment's policy was neither Protestant nor
Catholic, just as his policy was neither
Liberal or Conservative. Continuing, Von
Bulow said:
Von Bulow prefaced his remarks by
saying that the incidents at Wreschen
had been greatly exaggerated and had
been utilized to plunge Germany into in
ternecine difficulties. What had occurred
was the fault of the Polish agitation and
not of the Prussian school system, which
was the same as had been enforced in
the bilingual districts for the past thirty
years and which was as little addicted
to cruelty as was the Prussian adminis
tration of justice. Corporal punishment.
th> speaker said, would hereafter be omit
ted during religious instructions. No one
prevented the Poles from speaking Pol
ish, but they must also learn to speak
German and participate in the German
work of civilization.
BERLIN, Jan. 13.— The Imperial Chan
cellor, Count von Bulow, replied in tha
lower House of the Diet to-day to the in
terpellations relative to the Polish ques
tion in, Prussia. The National Liberals
desired to know how Germanism was to
be upheld, while the Polish members bit
terly criticized the recent events at
Wreschen, declaring that the sentences
of the courts must have caused justice to
veil her face in shame.
M. Lampre said that of the 70,000 shares
of stock of the Panama Railroad Com
pany the new- Panama Canal Company
owns 69.534, and that the railroad com
pany had last year paid dividends to the
canal company amounting , to ,400,000
francs. He said, however, he knew noth
ing about the details of the management
of the railroad company.-— * '-"-"' ¦'•¦- : ! -
"Yes, it was a sale, but one of the con
ditions of the transaction was that we
should give 60 per cent of the proceeds to
the old company," replied M. Lampre.
"Then the transaction between the two
companies; must have been a sale to the
new company without reference to the
bonds and the stockholders by the old
company?"
"Could the new company sell the prop
erty and put the proceeds in its pockets
and not share them with the old com
pany?" asked Morgan. . . ...
"Yes," replied the witness. ,"It could do
so under the authority of the stockhold
ers' meeting." .
In reply to thi3 inquiry M. Lampre said:
"He did not appear in the agreement, but
he gave the liquidator of the old com
pany authority to ei^ter Into the agree
ment." - . ,. . .¦"..
"Did you make a similar arrangement
with the liquidator qf the bondholders?"
asked Senator Morgan.
Senator Morgan questioned M. Lampre
especially concerning the interest of the
stockholders of the old Panama Canal
Company in the pending transaction. M.
Lampre stated that under the agreement
of the new company with the old com
pany the stockholders of , the latter con
cern would receive 60 per cent of the pro-,
ceeds'of the sale. He saia that under the
original subscription agreement of the
old company the stockholders had been en
titled to interest amounting to 5 per cent
per annum on their subscription even
while the canal was under course of con
struction, but that the interest had been
suspended when the old company went
into liquidation. He also said that the
agreement had been reached with the
liquidator as the representative of-'the
old company that in case of the sale of
the property he should appoint two arbi
trators while the new company appointed
two, these four to select • the fifth, and
that all five should unite'in making an
equitable distribution of the proceeds of
the sale. He contended that, under the
French law the new- company had a per
fect right to make the transfer, notwitlv;
standing the old company's interest.
"I wish," he said? "to make this per
fectly clear t and want the committee to
understand that the company was entitled
to make a clear and perfect transfer to
the United States. It would be legiti
mate to make the transfer without the
interference of the old company, but to
make the way perfectly clear and to pre
vent any possible entanglement. we made
an agreement with the -liquidator of the
old company to the effect that he would
have absolute authority to deal directly
with the Government of the United
States."
WASHINGTON, Jan; . 13.— The Senate
Committee on Interoceanic Canals held a
session to-day. M. Lampre of the Panama
Canal Company was again before it. Sen
ator Morgan questioned him very closely
and at length, going over the ' examina
tion of Saturday, < but not bringing out
any new facts of especial importance.'
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— In the Senate
to-day Nelson of Minnesota called up the
bill providing for a Department of Com
merce.-He explained the necessity which,
he said, existed for the passage of such a
measure, and was plied with questions by
several Senators, vwho said that sufficient
time had not been allowed for looking
into the merits of the measure. Teller
criticized that I feature relating to the
transfer of the Geological Survey, whilo
Hale said that the bill provided for a de
partme.nt which ultimately would be one
of the largest in the Government. The
bill finally went over, subject to call by
Nelson. ' ' :. . • . .
The Senate was in executive session for
anhour'and a half. ¦.:• .. . •
New Cabinet Office.
Nelson Explains ' Necessity for the
FOR COMMERCE : DEPARTMENT.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The House. of
Representatives spent the day in general
discussion of the 'pension '.' appropriation
bill, the 'first of the annual budgets. The
debate took a wide range. . Grosvenor of
Ohio and Hepburn of Iowa denounced a"
report presented to the last G. A. R. en
campment criticizing the course of them
selves and other members of Congress on
the veteran "preference" bill, which was
defeated at the last session. They ex
plained that their opposition to the bill
was due to the incorporation in the bill of
a. clause which had not been indorsed by
the G. A.- R.., placing veterans of the
Spanish war in the preferential class.
" Rixey . of Virginia caused something of
a stir on the Democratic side by advanc
ing a proposition to open the doors of na
tional soldiers' homes to ex-Confederates
and to furnish Federal aid to State Con
federate homes.- ; .
Richardson of Alabama was the only
Democrat who joined Rixey in support of
the proposal: .
One of the principal stockholders wanted me
to Eland in with him to freeze out a lot of
the other stockholders. I simply refused to do
anything of the kind and since that time they
have been doing' all they can to injure me and
do me harm. One of the directors wanted me
to put a lot of. false charges on the expense
account against the company. I refused point
blank and trouble began.
Doolittle unhesitatingly declared that he
had done nothing contrary to the instruc
tions of the Commissioners, who were
there and were satisfied with the dam.
Neither was hydraulicking enfmmenced, he
said, before receiving a permit, nor had
a hole been cut in thi dam.
Doolltttle further described how the
dam builders worked in all the bedrock
they' could and .filled.- in cribs, making
solid tiers as they were, built up, but
water came through the top.
Again the attorney questioned Doolittle
as to secret work, and once more Doolit
t!e replied that whatever appeared to be
secret was owing to "spies" from the
anti-debris people watching every daj,
and the frequency with which good dams
had been enjoined. He positively denied
any knowledge of a permanent opening
that could be safely used and closed on
the appearance of spies.- and again main
tained that there was no work done of a
secret description.
Doolittle then made the following state
ment:
Commissioners Satisfied.
In answer to Pomeroy the witness said
that he told the dam builders to do every
thing in accordance with the instructions
of the Commissioners, and as to any talk
of secrecy, he said that all that was wor
rying the defendant corporation was its
fear of being enjoined through spies of
the anti-debris people, who had enjoined
forty or fifty parties over the country
that had absolutely good dams. Spies, he
said, were in and around examining
dams almost daily.
The witness said he found that the orig
inal owners had cut a hole about thirty
feet from the bottom of the dam to get
out this water and "slum." so that they
would be enabled to raise the dam. Doo
little warned them that they were not do
ing right, he said. He also denied that
there was a secret hole made later for the
purpose of allowing debris to flow from
the dam. There was, he said, no surrep
titious hole. All logs were adjusted with
tremendous bolts, and a log could not be
swung around to allow debris to rush out.
Lagging was put in in such a way that
it could not be'pulled off. He denied that
lagging was removed constantly while
hydraulicking was in progress. The Com
missioners had given a permit to remove
lagging in order to. raise the dam. Debris
held in suspension naturally went out
with the water.
Found Hole in Door.
In answer to Attorney Pomeroy, Doolit
tle was emphatic In his statement; that
the cribs of the dam were filled from six
to ten feet with solid rock to make it
stronger. After it had been raised about
thirty-five feet it was found that the dam
was fo tight that it held the water, and
the tailings could not escape. The water,
said Doolittle, was running over the dam
at that time. '
The case of J. E. Doolittle against the
Gold Run Gravel Company, Limited, came
up before United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock yesterday. Jesse W.
Lilienthal appeared as counsel for Doolit
tle and Attorney Pomeroy for the defend
ant corporation. ' The main question be
fore the Commissioner is as to the open
ings in an impounding dam constructed
by. the defendant corporation on Its prop
erty, which it is alleged were left for pur
poses of permitting debris to escape sur
reptitiously. •"•• .
Doolittle is suing the defendants for the
recovery' of $10,000 for two years' salary.
The defendant sets up as a defense to
Doolittle's claim the allegation that by
his direction the openings in the dam
were made, to its damage. • ;*•
Secretary Hay has received an official
copy of the protocol signed by Minister
Merry and the Nicaraguan Minister for
Foreign Affairs. The State Department
will not make the document public, hold-
Ing that it is a feature of the negotiation
of a permanent treaty. Important points
of the protocol are a lease for 200 years
of a strip of territory ten miles wide,
through which the canal will run; a
guarantee of the sovereignty of Nicara
gua over . the rest of its territory, and
conferring upon the United States au
thority both to police the canal and exer
cise judicial rights in the territory ceded.
"The meeting had no relation whatever
to the construction by the United States
of the Nicaragua canal," said Dr. Corea
to-day. "The Nlcaraguan Minister for
Foreign Affairs has already signed tho
protocol which binds Nicaragua to make
the necessary canal concessions to the
United States. In asking the Presidents
of several states to meet him at Corinto
President Zelaya was actuated by a de
sire to have measures- adopted which will
insure permanent peace not only among
but in the several states which will be
represented. Each of the Central Amer
ican Presidents enjoys popularity at home
and is in no danger of having to meet a
revolution. There are no controversies
existing between the states. The mo
ment is therefore auspicious for the con
ference. I do not think the meeting has
any relation to an immediate union of
the Central American republics. I hope,
however, that it will mean closer rela
tions until the union becomes a fact."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Probably
a step toward reorganization of the
greater republic of Central America is
the purpose of- the meeting of Presidents
of the five Central American States at
Corlnto, Nicaragua.' Whether a union be
formed or not, confidence is expressed in
Pan-American circles that the meeting of
Presidents will insure the prevalence of
peace in the Isthmian republics. It is un
derstood that Senor Corea, Nlcaraguan
Minister in Washington, had much to do
with the action of President Zelaya in
inviting the chiefs of other Central Amer
ican states to a conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The meeting was held in the committee
room of Representative Wachter of
Maryland and was attended by Senator
McComas and all the Representatives
from' Maryland except Jackson, who was
out of the city. The various resolutions
and bills now before Congress were gone
over and it was the general sentiment of
those present that the delegations would
be fayorable to any one of the measures
which fully vindicated Admiral Schley.
But for the present, in view of the ad
miral placing the matter before President
Roosevelt, the delegation deemed It in
expedient to urge the matter before Con
gress.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Jan. 13.— Rear Ad
miral Schley was formally entertained in
the Cotton Exchange this . morning, for
more than an hour. He was accompanied
by General Gordon, a member of the ex
change, who introduced him to the other
members present. There was no set pro>
gramme. The admiral was in excellent
health and spirits and joined in the In
formal conversation. Business was vir
tually suspended until he had bowed
good-by and departed amid a storm of
applause and handclapping.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The Maryland
delegation in Congress, including Senators
and Representatives, to-day considered
the course* to be pursued in the Schley
case and reached a determination that,
pending the decision of President Roose
velt on the appeal to be made by Admiral
Schley to the chief executive, it would be
inadvisable for the delegation to urge
upon Congress any of the resolutions or
bills introduced.' • -
Delegate Griffith, Republican, presented
a joint resolution authorizing the Gover
nor to have executed by a 'Maryland artist
a bronze bust of Rear Admiral Scbley, to
be placed in the State House. at Annap
olis. ¦ • ,
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Jan. 13.— In the
House of Delegates to-night Delegate
Browning, Republican, presented a me
morial to Congress asking that body to
adopt the. report of. Admiral Dewey in
the Schley court of inquiry as the ver 7
diet of Congress.
ACCUSE SCOUT
OF KILLING BOY
Her face about the mouth and nose was
bruised, evidently from blows. As soon
as *hc assault was reported to the police.
Captain of Police Petersen detailed a
squad of men to search for the strange
assailant of the child.
Mrs. McClcud, aunt of the child, is un
able to explain why any one should at
tack Flossie and is inclined to think it
was the action of some demented person.
As soon as the police were notified. De
tective George Kyte was detailed to in
vestigate the etrange case. He could find
:io clew to the strange assailant. The po
lice thought the assault was the act of
an insane man. Dr. R. T. Stratton was
called to the Receiving Hospital and
found that the child was suffering from
extreme hysteria and from severe bruises
in ihe back and stomach. She also
showed signs of blows in the face.
"I was walking along Seventh street
with a young lady when a man called my
attention to the still form of a little grirl
near the fence. I went and picked her
up. She was cold and rigid and uncon
scious. I carried her to a drug store
close by and rang up for the police ambu
lance to take her to the hospital."
E. L. Dimmlck of Eighth and Castro
streets and Mr. Keefer of 722 Fourth
street were the first to discover the help
less and senseless child. Dimmlck said:
uncle, Mr. and Mrs. W. ML McCloud of 705
.Market street. Her lather is dead and
her mother is la Honolulu. About 7:30
0 clock the child was sent by her aunt to
Klingeberg's store, a00 Seventh street, to
jret Borne groceries. According to the dis
connected story told by the little girl,
after she had recovered consciousness at
ihe Receiving Hospital, she purchased the
supplies and started homeward.
-When 1 was near Seventh and Chest
nut streets," the child related, "a man
with long gray whiskers and a mask over
his face jumped out of a doorway,
grabbed me and threw some pepper in
my eyes. The next thing" I remember was
that the man threw me into a wagon. He
hurt my back. Then I forgot everything.
1 don't think I would know the man if I
would see him again. He took the limes,
pickles and salmon I had bought for my
auntie."
lives with her aunt and
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— Bound hand and
foot, unconscious and stiff and cold. Flos
sie White, a 13-year-old schoolgirl, was
found io-nisht. shortly after 9 o'clock.
lying against a fence on the north side of
Seventh street, near Chestnut. Her feet
were tied hard together with a long black
stocking that had been drawn from her
foot, her arms were crossed behind her
back and lashed together at the wrists
with a string that had been removed from
her shoe. How the child came to be there
and In such a plight is a mystery that is
jjuzzlinjj the yolice.
Sixty Per Cent of Proceeds
Is to Be Paid the Old \
Concern. _
Girl Says Pepper Was Thrown
in Her Eyes by Masked
Bearded Man.
Rixey Advances Proposition
to Admit Ex-Confederates
to Soldiers' Homes.
Prosecutes Claim ; for Salary
Which Corporation Re- '
fuses to Pay.
Meeting of the Presidents Has
No Bearing on the Nic
araguan Canal.
Count Von Bulow Replies and
Says Agitators Are
Congress Receives Many Peti
tions Asking for His
Vindicatiou. -
Flossie White, Bound and
Unconscious, Found
on the Street.
Importance of the Con
ference in Central
America.
Gr os ven or and Hepburn
Resent Charge Made
- by Veterans.
Doolittle Contradicts the
Mining Company's
Allegation*. * :
Cotton Brokers of Savan
nah Accord Him a
Hearty Receptio v .
Polish Members Criticize
the Recent Troubles
at Wreschen.
Explains Sale Agree
ment Made by Panama.
Canal Companies.
BITTER SPEECHES
IN GERMAN DIET
FIVE REPUBLICS
REMAIN AT PEACE
HOUSE DEBATES
PENSION BILLS
DENIES SECRET
WORK ON DAM
LAMPRE ENTERS
INTO DETAILS
GIRL THE VICTIM
OF CRUEL ATTA CK
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
VISITS GEORGIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^l^, TUJKHJJAr, JAW UARY14, 1902.
George. Semetz, alias George Sommers,
was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan yesterday . on a
charge of burglary in $2000 bonds. Satur
day he entered the room of Mrs. Ida Call,
651. Broadway, and stole' her- puree ,con
taining: $21.. ' She gave the alarm ( and
Semetz was chased and captured by Po
liceman Bakullch. • . ¦
¦Held for Burglary.
The payment. of the demand «jf $12.039 50
for the erection of the Buena Vista School
was laid over and the Board of, Works
notified that certain trifling details in the
plans had not been complied with.
A room was rented at the corner.' of
Broadway and Larkin Btreet to be used
as n classroom for the Spring Valley
School. An additional class will be
formed in the Crocker Scljool at the next
meeting. .•••^ . '
The Board of Education met yesterday
and recommended Miss Essie G. Phillips
end Miss Mary T. Gleason to the State
Board of Education for grammar • school
life diplomas.
Recommended for Life Diplomas.
Harold, Green, a six-year-old boy, whose
parents live at 1014 No e street, died .last
Sunday morning from Injuries received
by being kicked by a home on the after
noon of the preceding day. A boy named
Springer was riding the horse and little
Harold was running alongside, when the
horse kicked the little fellow on the head
fracturing his skull.
Killed by a Horse.
Results in Bowling Contests.
9
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
;This question arises in - the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
w£mKur EM MSB tSaL-jm m
a delicious and healthful dessert.- Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling! no
baking ! add boiling water and set to
eool. v Flavors:—^Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and i Strawberry. Get a package
# your grocers to-day, io cts. ,;
1 .• rf Bls ° iB • noa.yoboaona
irjfKtmT^SfZ ** remedy for Gonorrhoea.
ASgST CURES Whites, unnatural dia-
/BaBte 1 te » d»j* V c " ft cgea, or tny infianiiaa-
tnC* OunaiMd t* ** tion, irritation or ulcera-
K2J pr-reat ooaupoa tioa °' mucous mem-
VjmciNCimTI.O .Kgp[ or «ent In plain "wrapper.
TjefS^. u- 3. X. JSM by express, prepaid, for
irf^ia tl-00, or 3 bottles, 13.73.
v >^|£gg^g!Pffl > B Circular fleas oa r^uest.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAUIAKA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives nwKh »n<t
strength to sexual organs. Depot, £32 Market.
What this wonderful rQedicine
will do for you must be gathered
from what it has done in the pasti
It has restored thousands of sickly
people to good health during the
past fifty years, dnd will not
disappoint you now. It is a
specific remedy for ailments of the.
stcmach, liver and bowels, such as
dyspepsia, indigestion, consti-
pation, biliousness, dizziness,
or sick headache. We urge you
to try it- The genuine has our
private stamp over the neck of
the bottle.
AD VTSitTia K IWENTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
GRAPE-NTJTS.
Grape/Nuts
will serve
Your Hotel
i if you ask
Order the food served
dry and with cream
to pour over it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXIi, ; TUESDAY, JANUARY ,14; 3902.
10
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnoed..
A— $700; RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by owner 7 years; clearing abov«( $150 per
month; located In and between large hotels;
to buyer meaning business 5 days' trial given.
Call.R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st .
$500 — POULTRY and wild game store doing a
rood paying business; low rent; location can't
be beat See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A- : -CIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good will for
$400; stock at Invoice; location can't be beat
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt ¦¦-. ;..¦ -4
A — $1000: CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
Et; rent $25; place established many years
and doing a good business; -value in eight
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and 'restaurant; es-
tablished years; first-class paying;- located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $800; COFFEE saloon -in wholesale dis-
trict; rent $50; no Sunday or night work,
and clearing above $200 per month. -Call R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $650; SALOON close to Kearny and Cali-
fornia sts.; rent $30; good paying business;
full value In sight Call R, G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st ¦ .
A — $400; MILK depot and dairy produce store
on. Fifth st; rent $20; living rooms: fine
opening for man and wife. Call B. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $1000; BOARDING-HOUSE andv saloon,
•with 16 furnished rooms; rent $45; 8 years'
lease; established years; located on Mont-,
gomery 6t. ; good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '-¦
A CANDY and cigar store; 3 sunny furnished
rooms; alongside of a hotel; departure cause
of sale. 510 Fourth st
$600 — FOR sale; the Palace Restaurant. Val-
lejo, Cal. ; great chance. P.O. box 275, Vallejo.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st.
$350 — PARTNER; $200 cash, bal. out of busl-
ness; no experience. Decker, 921 j Market.- r. 5.
CHICKEN ranch, adjoining city limits. Peta-
luma; house, barn, chicken houses, chickens,
cow, horse, wagon, etc.; plenty of good water;
cheap. N. H.. 1519 Jones St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Competent business man with some
capital to take hold of an established busi-
ness In Seattle; we will furnish stock on
consignment. 217 Geary st.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $18 to
$20 a week. 25 Geary . St., room. 4.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $8
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 4C2 Parrott bldg.
I WANT to buy a saloon or grocery and bar
either side of Market. Box 2941, Call office.
$400 — DELICATESSEN! good trade; rent $20.
Call 317% Third st.
FOR Bale — A cigar store. Apply at 201 Front
st; no agent.
SAMPLE room downtown: no night or Sun-
day work: must be sold on account of ill
health in family. Call at 550 Clay st.
IF you have $1500 casn to invest I can make
you secretary of a corporation to be organ-
ized that will be certain to make you $2000
in twelve months; would be pleased to ex-
plain thoroughly and would prefer party who
can operate Smith typewriter and is a stenog-
rapher. Call at room 406, 4th floor. Annex to
Call bldg., S. F., Monday or Tuesday.
OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate business, good |
location, for sale cheap account sickness; ;
steady Income more than expenses; chance to :
double business. J. R. "WEBB, Nevada block,
r. 36. "
WANTED — A few men to put In $300 each and
develop a gold mine of merit; come and ex-
amine for yourself and. I will explain thor-
oughly. Room 406, 4th floor. Annex to Call
building. San Francisco.
GREAT Inducements to party -who can furnish
or associate $5000 or more capital to control
a very valuable Invention. Address Prouty
Mfg. Co., 35 Oliver st. Boston, Mass.
ROADHOUSE for sale; price $2500: good loca-
tion: 20 rooms; long lease; present owner 10
years; to sell on account of sickness. Box
2201. Call. ._
IF you have $1000 to invest in the organizing
I of a corporation, that is certain of success
call at room 406, 4th floor, Annex to Call
building.
.WANTED — An intelligent business -woman to
train and continue a remunerative business;
email amount money needed. Box 2608, Call.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle st, Santa
Cruz, CaL m - .
$300 — «EAL estate office; Market St.: full in-
vestigation; party retiring. Box 2246, Call.
BARGAIN — Fine corner liquor store; near Mar-
ket See BEN J.' GOLDMAN CO., 119 Bush.
COR. grocery and bar; good trade; fine location;
security taken. Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
FOR sale — Laundry route, horse and wagon;
$200. 3372 Mission Bt.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale; good loca-
tion; $850. Box 2254, Call office.
OYSTER and chop house for sale, .523 Pacific
st.; prop, has two places; wants to sell one.
ESTABLISHED fruit and vegetable stand for
sale; 2 living rooms; cheap. 130 Eighth st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
•Valencia st.
LODGI.\G-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRD7FIN, 719 Market st.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
• Ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
18 r. ; new building; rent $60; bargain. .$1000
10 r. ; 5 blocks N of Mkt; 2 floors; heavy
Brussels carpets; golden oak fur.; nice. .$525
12 r. ; rent $55; must sell; a snap $400
14 r.; rent $45; clears $54; clean $600
13 r. ; on Geary Bt. : 5 blocks of Market; hlgh-
¦ ly respectable; good neighborhood; present
owner been there 5 years; good furniture and
good carpets; no other agent has it for sale;
will take a small house In part pay. . . .$1100
7 r.; rent $16; owner going East; nice. .$300
40 r.; one of the best houses in S. F. ; ele-
gant; fine location; clears $175 $4000
28 r. ; permanent, tran.; clears $120 mo. $1400
55 r. ; central; Income $375 above rent.$5000
50 r. : rent $140; Income $350 per mo. .$4000
100 r. ; elevator; office; clears $400 $7000
I can show you a bona-fide proposition with
Income of $768 per month above rent; the
very best Investment in this city $8000
36-ROOM hotel and bar $1700
14 rooms; on Mission st .'. 500
54 rooms: fine corner; clears $300 4000
10-room flat on Poet st 1000
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200.... $. 1900
34 rooms; worth $800 600
10 rooms; only 300
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1850
15 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms: clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 5500
10 rooms; on Eddy st 700
..MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES..
FRENCH SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A — FINE FLAT FOR SALE.
10 rooms and bath; downtown, near Post and
Powell; clears $75 month: payments to suit.
DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.
AA....... ATTENTION, BUYERS* AA
You may buy any rooming-house In the
city and pay for It
In monthly payments
Prom the profits of the house.
We furnish • vacant houses
• And loan money at lowest rates.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. Tel. Davia 28L
CO ROOMS; new house; new furniture; cheap
rent: a great bargain; easy terms; call and
see it. DONALD INVESTMENT CO S50
Market st.
WANTED — A lady manager with small capital
to take charge of profitable rooming and
boarding house. DONALD INVESTMENT
CO.. 850 Market St. ; y '
CALL ON RETSLOFfI HE CAN SUIT YOU.
8 rooms; owner rick; must sell........ $175
12 rooms; corner; clears $45 525
100 rooms; grand cor.; clears $500; pymts 5S00
21 rooms; Al location; payments....... i000
8 rooms; Just listed; good 300
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale. .. 3000
10 rooms; best In city; payments..-. «00
Money to loan. A. H. RETSLOFF,
(Tel. John 531.) 906 Market st, cor. Ellis.
36 ROOMS; comer; Just listed; income $250.
Particulars see RETSLOFF. s
18 ROOMS; well furnished; a bargain: clears
$S5; price $1250; payments to suit. Retsloff.
A— WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market; photo-
graph gallery entrance; phone Jessie 2211. •
Invite you to call upon them if you desire to
buy a lodging-house, and you are certain to
obtain fair dealing. Specials':
30 rooms; rent $75 $1400
46 rooms; rent $100. 3250
45 rooms; rent $125 2900
16 rooms; rent,$67 675
14 rooms; rent $60 ; iooo
18 rooms; rent $37 50 :....'....... 1050
BUYERS, if you want a lodging-house that
W i LL> PAT « or lf y°« want to borrow
MONEY at 1% per cent, call on M. E.
RIVES. 916 Market Bt. rm. 60; tel. Main 128.
THREE hundred houses from $250 to $10,000,
RYAN & FIELD, telephone Folsom 3022. /'
• , 935 Market, room 3, opposite Mason.
A — NOTICE — We have roomingjiouses. all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
. our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market et; rooms 1 and
2— Bargains in lodging-houses; a big Usf
nice, choice. Please call and investigate.
J.H.ST ANTON, real estate and business broker-
removed from 34 Kearny to 777% Market-
hundreds of lodging-houses and bus, chances.
14- ROOMS; newly tarnished; good location-
payment!. D. McRAE, 837 Mission Bt.
, FINANCIAL.
HAVE n "fif^shareT^^^^
$100 a share that I will sell cheap, as I need
cash; shares of one 'of the most solid cor-
porations on Pacific Coast.- Cali • Monday.
room 406, 4th floor, annex to Call bldg.. S. F.
COMPANIES promoted. guaranteed and
financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; 'gold bonds
,- furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
¦¦ AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32C Post st
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— Wa
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
j porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. C07-8-9 Parrntt bldg.
A — 10 TO 20 days' free rent to desirable ten-
ants of brand, new, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 2
grates, sunshine in -every room, social room,
nice yard, 4 car lines. Apply SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st ; . - : ' v .
OAK, 1909— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used;- frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements;'
looking. out on park; rent $37 CO; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
A— ONLY 2 left; $25 and $27 50; new lower; 4
rooms, bath. Myrtle ave., near Van Ness.
A — BRAND new, 7 rooms, bath; swell location. .
1608 Larkln st, near Clay.
CAPP, 916, .near Twenty-fourth — Sunny mod-
ern 6-room flat; warm belt.
FLAT, 5 rooms, $11 ; also cottage, $10. ¦ Key
623 Eecond St.. near Brannan.
HAYES, 1743, r,r. Masonic ave. and Park Pan-
handle — Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; $13.
SUNNY flat 3 rooms; water free. 35S Third
st. ; $10. .
TO let — Sunny flat. 8 rooms; $42 50. NE cor.
- Bush and Steiner sts.
$8— SUNNY flat, 3 rooms. 1332 Jessie St., off
Hermann, nr. junction of Valencia. ¦
FLATS ! WANTED.
COTTAGE or flat of 4 or 5 rooms, with stable.
' Apply 431 Fulton st. ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 BO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
ELEGANT new furn. & carpets; will sell whole
or part. 1912 Flllmore. near Bush; flat^ 3.
MINNA, 27S — 9-room house, In good order.
Call from 2 to 4; no agents. ,
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buy« all kinds of household goods.
1710 'Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 133 1
• , GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at. factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
. HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $35 to $40; 4 waitresses, city
$25; 12 waitresses, city and country, $20; 2
more chambermaids. Southern California,
. $20, half fare paid ; chambermaids, city, $20
and $17 60; 2 chambermaids ¦ to watt, $20;
cook. $30, few boarders.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30; eecond girl, $25; 2 second girls.
¦~$20; 25 housegirls of all nationalities, city
and country, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st
MISS ROSE CUSTER and KATE HAYDER,
fancy ironers, please call at once.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary St.
WANTED — 1 cooks, $30, small wash; 6 second
girls. $20, $25; chambermaid and laundress,
$25; 5 chambermaids, wait on meal, $20; 4
light housework, sleep home, $15; nursery
¦ governess, Oakland, $25, city $25; and a
great many other places too numerous to ad-
vertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st. - . .
WANTED— GIRLS AND WOMEN at SAN
FRANCISCO HAIRDRESSING 'COLLEGE
to learn every branch of trade thoroughly in
2 weeks; full course $5, including manicur-
ing, face massage, . scalp massage, scalp
treatment, singeing, dyeing, bleaching,
switch and wig making, weaving and ven-
. tllating; everything furnished free; human
* heads for practice; position guaranteed each
.graduate; no fake promises; our pupils are
our living advertisement; filling positions" in
stores and in business all over the city; 5
good positions in leading stores open to those
entering Immediately; girl not knowing entire
trade in 2 weeks positively given her money
back; day and evening classes. S. F. COL-
' LEGE, 233 GEARY ST., rooms 13-15. ,
WANTED — Girl for' general housework; good
. cook; wages $25 to $30; small family. Call
-9 to 10, a. m., 1S96 Broadway. ;
WANTED — A reliable girl to assist in general
¦ housework. 418 Brannan St.; bakery, between
. Third and Fourth*
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men' »> neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON, 51.S
Market st. .
REFINED lady for 2 hours' work; exchange
for room preference; state age. Box 2805,
. Call office.
WANTED — A -young girl, as apprentice at
dressmaking; paid while learning. ' 1344
¦ Geary st. -
EXPERIENCED hand on Singer hemstitching
machine. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 San-
- some st. .
FIRST-CLASS talloress on- fine coats, best
wages, steady employment. 410 Kearny st,
. room 29. .
•YOUNG girl, general housework; 3 adults, 15
to 20. 15 Fair Oaks st. ..
GOOD sewing girl. Golden West Renovatory,
12 Montgomery st. - - ...... -
BAUER BROS. & CO. want more shirt waist
hands and tuckers; good pay. 21 Sansome.
A YOUNG lady agent for music; 40c on the
$1.00. 2440 California st.
WANTED — First-class arm waitress; $8.00 per
week. 70 Third St., Breuss Cafe.
A GIRL for housework in small family. 2122
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
small family; no children. 1826 Fell st.
WANTED — First-class operator on vests;
steady work; good wages. Apply 230»4 Ninth.
GOOD finisher -wanted oh custom coats at 2OOV4
Turk-Bt.
WANTED — A nurseglrl. 2643 Bryant st., near
Twenty-fifth.
WANTED — Chambermaid, wait 1 meal; private
boarding-house; $18. 1714 Van Ness ave.
APPRENTICE girls wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. 1020B Folsom Bt.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and plain
cooking. 24 Sixth st.
"WANTED — Dressmakers. 121 Post st, room
43. .v- - ¦
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
home. 1134 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. Ap-
ply at 3037 Washington st. .
OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32^i Fremont Bt; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
CAL. College of Hairdressing and Massage; ac-
knowledged superior to all others; every
branch of the ' trade thoroughly and prac-
tically taught in 3 weeks; tuition $5; our
pupils are our living advertisement. Call
r Supreme Court bldg.. 305 Larkln st. ; take ele.
"WANTED — 2 concert hall waitresses. Apply
' 911 ¦ Kearny st; •
GIRL or woman;! general housework; sleep
home. 131 A O'Farrell st. \ ,
WANTED — Operators on negligee and golf
shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
EL'S factory, 531 Mission st ; good pay;
¦ steady work. ¦ - • , , . . '. . ...
AN elderly-German lady to*take*care of two
children; must have eome experience as gov-
erness; state religion; salary, $30 and found.
¦Box 2994. Call office. ,'
EXPERIENCED business woman at once; out
of city; excellent opportunity for right party-
Box 2214, Call. . <f •
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats. 410
'.' Kearny st, room 33. ...
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call. branch office,' 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions -has been established i at 103G
. Valencia st. . " - ••,, . \ , ¦
¦¦¦• HELP WANTED— MALE.- ' -
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .104 Geary st.
- ... .".HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....... .
Night clerk, hotel, experience, $45; head
cook.^eountry hotel, $75; French chef cook,
hotel, south, $75; 2 neat young men to carry
: oft dishes and learn to wait,' first-class coun-
try hotel,- $25: 20 dishwashers, kitchen- hands
' and' others. $20; to $30. ¦<-¦ <;¦;-¦
. Electrician and . engineer, hotel plant. . . .$55
Stableman for private stable, city .|35
Gang of tie makers. or men to learn to make
ties.......'....". :.V 12c to 14c," board $4 week
C.R. HANSEN & CO 1...104 Geary st.
"WANTED— Reliable man with $125, not afraid
. of work, for a plain, every-day business that
¦1 will * pay o about . $70 . per month ; no experi-
ence required. Apply, 765 Market St., room 3.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
Ittntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9;30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
<>3» McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. — •
W5 Larkln (street; open until 9:30 p. m..
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market Btreet corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. m.
108 Eleventh street: open until B p. — •
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
NorthweEt corner Twenty-second and Kea-
tn cky ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
—00 FHImore Btreet: open until 9 p. ra.
MEETIXG NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., n
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- ,_i%-
ING, January 14, at 7:H0 o'clock. M. foJR.
M. Degree. By order of the H. P. rW>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- «-*%_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. De- }£ If
gree First By order of W. M. /TJT>
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A, M.. ft
121 Eddy et Installation THIS.iV^
CTUESDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. %X
GEORGE PEXLINGTOX. Sec /^y>
WILDEY Encampment No. 23 L O. O.» A
F. — Joist Installation of officers with'X^*
Unity Encampment ' No. 28, THIS y\
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at S o'clock./^ X
Members are requested to attend.
F. A, PARKHURST. C. P.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. .<$*«»¦*.
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) ;£>£%!£>&
EVENING, under auspices of
team of Yerba Buena Lodge No. *3&V&-
15. Members of lodge and order please at-
tend. HORACE W. HANNA. N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Yerba -rfMSBZ**.
Buena Lodce Xo. 13 are re- «S^*^vSi
§ quested to meet in lodreroom on
TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 14, 1^-
for the purpose of paying a fraternal visit
to Magnolia Lodge No. 29. On this occasion
our special team of past grands will confer
the initiatory degree. A full attendance is
desired. W. P. HUMPHREYS, N. G.
W. W. CROSS. Rec. Sec.
TOUNG Ladles' Institute. — A solemn reqoiem
high mass will be celebrated at 8 a. m..
TUESDAY. Jan. 14, in St Mary's Church.
Btockton. for the deceased members of the
Toung Ladies' Institute. All members and
friends of the order are Invited to be pres-
ANNIE M. POTTHOFF. Grand President
JOSEPHINE I. MOLLOY. Grand Sec.
MILK wagon drivers, attention — Special meet-
Ing of the union to be held "WEDNESDAY
EVENING, the 15th inst. at Mangel's Hall,
Twenty-fourth and Folsom sts. Also election
of officers. Members are requested to be
I . present. JOS. O"DAY, President.
f ALEX DIJEAU. Secretary.
EAKALAU PLANTATION COMPANY, office
227 Market et.. San Francisco. Dec. 31, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held et the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market Et. in the city and county
of Ean Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January.
3902, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
. the purpose of electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year and for .the
purpose of amending article III of the by-
laws of the company, relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders and for such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Jan-
nary 4, at 12 o'clock m. By order of the
president H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM— To the stock-
holders of The Emporium, a corporation:
Please take notice that, the annual meeting
of the stockholders of The Emporium, a cor-
poration, will be held at the- principal office
«f the company. In the Parrott building, lo-
cated on Market Bt, between Fourth and
Fifth, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on THURSDAY, ;
the 16th day of January. 1902, at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing directors
and for the transaction of Euch ether busi-
ness as may properly come before the meet-
ing. By order of the board of directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 2, 1902.
ANNUAL MEETING— OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be hp)d at the office of the
company, 327 Market etreet, in the City and
County of Ssn Francisco, State of California,
¦en TUESDAY, the 21st day of January, 1302,
Bt the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
lor the ensuing year and for the transaction
of euch other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday, January 10, 19C2, at 3 o'clock p. m.
By order of the President
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
_N"NU AL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pejaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company. 327
Market et.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 20th day of January, 1902, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of elect-
ing a beard of directors to serve for the cn-
Eulng year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 17. 1902. «.t 3 o'clock p. . m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
OFFICE of the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Co.. 415 Post st, San Francisco, Ca^. —
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the ' Kan Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 415 Post et_. in the city and county of
Ban Francisco, at 12 o'clock M. on TUES-
DAY. January 2L 1802. Tb.e transfer books
of the company will be closed from January
10. 1002, to and Including January 21, 1902.
(Slsned) WILLIAM G. BARRETT.
Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6. 1902.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — The annual i
meeting of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 222 Market st, San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 21. 1902, at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and '
for the transaction of euch other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 222 Market st, San Francisco. Cal.. ;
January 8. 1902. J
THE axruusl meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house. 301
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal., on
January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
\>. m., for the electlfcn of directors to serve
!cr the ensuing year and the transaction of
ruch other business as may come. before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Ban FniEPlfw). December 13. 1S01.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
CITY AEPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roof ¦,
eldewalks. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
AXTVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick, quiet ;
no charge without success; established 14 yrft
Open evenings byappoint_ent;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce: bankruptcy; collections;
attachments : mortgages; bills of eale; partner-
chips: deeds: wills drawn: no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J-M.Thurston.S19 Market.
R. W. KING. Examiner bldg., "6th floor; all
cases: fees low; estates, collections, etc.; con-
eultatlon free; no advance fees; open eves.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. . D AVTDSQy, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
X-. S. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN, agent for Columbia and all good blcy-
clea: aaoond-hand wheels reduced. 301 Larkln.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX.
».....:» — —
GERMAN lady would board couple of chil-
dren: room for parent. 439 Minna st.
A LADY wishes to take a child to board; prl-
vate home. Box 2023. CalL
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD. "
Fok astrological, occult metaphysical bocks
go to 14a» Market et. 8. F.
. ¦* CHANCES.
$2750... $2760 ... ..|27B0
Larpe livery and boarding stable.
Horses, hacks, carriages, buggies, harness
and everything complete.
Over BO Eteady boarders.
Finest location in city.
Party retiring from the business. ¦ Full par-
ticulars by STENBERG CO., 759 Market.
FIRST-CLASS boarding and rooming house;
elegantly furnished; full of ¦' boarders and
roomers; must be a responsible party; a -bar-
pain for the right party : rent $200 per month.
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market St.. rooms 1-2.
2 RESTAURANTS lor sale at sacrifice; $225 to
£300. Investigate at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765
. Market Et.
13 CIGAR stands. $150 to S2C25. '.
15 restaurants. $75 to $3000.
12 saloons. $400 to $2S00.
3 groceries and bar. $750 to $3500. .
25 candy, delicatessen, etc
RYAN & FIELD, 835 Market St., opposite
Mason, room 3. Telephone Folsom 3022.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy sit, looms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
$500— PARTNER wanted In ' profitable light
manufacturing business; duties light; - easily
acquired : no night work. DONNELLY CO..
<B2 Market 6t. > » ' .v- : \ . • .
RESTAURANT — Place for man and wife or
cook and waiter; good business. Bex 2S14,
. Call office'' - :<*,*
CARJPEjTJBEATIjr G ASP _ CLEANING, j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th et;tel.Capp25_.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter et.:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. .
3. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st t ; tel. Mission 74.
/ SPIRITUALISM.
Ml^ET^cXsLXlaANioNrfrom Chicago, won-
derful clairvoyant and card' reader;- advice
given on all affairs of life for short time only;
no sign; hours 9 to 5. 60S Ellis; residence
215 Gough; Sunday evenings by appointment.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance |
Tues., Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkln 3761— Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings, 10-5.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 "Sixth st. ; readings COc and
$1; circle every night, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
nlirht ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MRS. MARLAND*S circle to-night; sealed let-
ters read, 10c; devel; clr. Wed, eve. 132 6th.
MME. WINGOLA. medium, palmist and mag-
netic; readings and clr. 122 Taylor, rm. 8.
MME. THYES, 993 Market; circle to-night; 10c;
test to all; readings daily. Parlor 12.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs..
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. VALEEN. medium, clairvoyant and palm-
. 1st; 50c and $1. 1583 Market, near Twelfth, j
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KNOW THY FUTURE
And prospects for 1902 by consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD. I
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, .how' to WIN the man or woman you
love, how to overcome all enemies; gives full
secret how .to control or Influence any one
you love or meet; no charge unless you find
htm superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
dally; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
'14, first floor. 1104— MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiher bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this J great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranco
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to. everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ 6th.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, ™
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most -wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when all others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
ISMAR. the!. Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Elxthi private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MME. Odell, clairvoyant, tells past, present &
future; L. 25c; G. COc. 242 Minna, upstairs.
COc, $1 — Prof. Weller, clalr.. palmist, card read-
er; mailorders; stamp, circular. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller;- truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 231U Sixth st
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me;.L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 15t>3.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller.
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CONSULT the^ pitted clairvoyant. 349% ,
Minna St.. near Fifth. j
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names elven: 25c up.. 6 Fourth st. ,
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market st; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18—0. R.; near Powell st. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 646 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do firstrclaps work only and guarantee it
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by -my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S. ; Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; 1
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS- dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 900 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without- plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . --¦ . ¦
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor.- Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy: bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST, v "
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist,
late of New York City, has Just located at
900 Jones st, where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals;, office
hours 10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5. •
. DOG . HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. '510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking- & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating! WM
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. . .
SECOND term • night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts. ; 15-week • courses, beginning January (5;
bookkeeping course $5, .electrical course. $5,"
English course $3, .stenographer's course $4;
classes In algebra, Anglo- American history,
architectural drawing, ¦ arithmetic, • assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil . service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, ; free-hand •, draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical ; drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics,' steam en-
, gineering, stenography; and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA. Educational ¦ Director; H: J.
McCOY. ¦- General Secretary. . . : ¦_ . ' . . .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, ; construc-
tion, laboratory " and shop work; thoroughly'
practical; day and night. .24 Post st, S. F. ;
• catalogue free. t3___£SB6— SMdt_&$03_9G— 6
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; ~ figures
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
. . ¦ -, ¦ . ' .... -
HELP WANTED M AH— Com.
A— MURRAY & READY. . ; . Phone Main 6843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
..- .Office Open 7 a. m...... ••••_•;
Machine blacksmith who un *« r8 * a ° d9 -_ !l i e _'*
- iron work, country. ........ .$3 60 tc . $4 .day
Blacksmith helper, city shop ?»
Carpenter for a mine.. •••• • • •• •_••'*
Furnace man for a mine.. ....$65 and house
4 scraper teamsters to level land..|o0 & fd.
2 Italians for vineyard work.. ; ...W •* 0 . 1 <J r a n y
6 men to make posts and pickets. $150.
tools furnished • • • -y
10 men to learn to mako ties, tools furnished.
25 woodchoppers and tlemakers, virgin tim-
ber, reduced railroad rates. ..._ ; ...
...... . HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cam D waiter. $30 and fd.: baker, country
shop. $40 and fd.; boy, country store, $10, 0
cooks, city and country; porter, kitchen
MURRAY '& READY.'.'.'.".'-'- 634-638' cfa'y Vt
2 FRUIT farmers and -wives, $40 and $45;
slack work coopers, $30 to $35; carriage set-
ter for mill, $60 to $75; 10 tlemakers. 10c to
,14c; carpenter, $3 50 day; starchers and pol-
ishers for country laundry. $12 week and In-
crease; boy to learn trade, $4 week and In-
crease; errand boys. $3 and $*week; cooks,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. __
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Gardener
for nursery. $30: assistant gardener. $30;
•> waiter, country hotel. $25; omnibus, young
Frenchman. $30; dishwasher, $2o; vegetable-
man, $28; a man to cook for few men.
. $15. etc.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Night clerk, hotel. $40.
ALL Boss Barbers of San Francisco are In-
vited to attend the first anniversary of the
Master Barbers' Association, which will be
celebrated /by a public installation and
smoker atr 102 O'Farrell st, TUESDAY
EVENING. January 14, at 9 o'clock. Enter-
tainment and refreshments free.
L. CONRAD, President
S. HELLER. Secretary M. B. A. of San
Francisco. - ¦ - ' ;
A THOROUGH, experienced and rapid ac-
countant who Is versed In all branches of
office work and competent to supervise an of-
fice and employes. Address in own hand-
writing, stating age, references, ; experience
and . compensation required. Box 2S12, Call.
CANVASSERS wanted for new incandescent
gas burner: wide-awake men can earn good
commissions. Apply between 10 and 12
o'clock a. m.. room 8. 220 Sutter st. '¦¦
ELDERLY man as night clerk: quiet, steady
place for honest and sober man; $15 month,
' and room: state age. Box 2813. Call.
WANTED — Strong boy to drive wagon and
work in store: wages $6 a week; must give
reference. JOHN QUADT. 1614 Market st
BUTCHER boy wanted: one who can drive.
People'3 Market. 2509 Market st, corner
Sixteenth and Noe»
WANTED — Short order cook for restaurant;
must understand to wait at counter. 1201
Fillmore st,
LOUIS CHRISTENSEN. please call on A. H.
SHEARD. at EmDire House. - -
BOY wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 E1IJ3 st
PRESSER and bushelman; eteady position.
Golden West Renovatory. 12 Montgomery st
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth st. San Rafael; tel. , Red .15.
YOUTH to set type; experienced; answer. Box
2807, Call. -
PLATEN press feeder; good wages; steady
job. 100 California St.. room 23.
WANTED— A good tailor for bushellng. 625
Commercial st. . ;
GOOD barber wanted to take charge of 10c
shop. 108 Fourth st.
WANTED — Two or three revolving barber
chairs, w.ith or without outfit. 314 Jessie.
COOK and waiter wanted at 434 Fifth st
WANTED — A practical gardener; single man.
215 Hayes st
BOY wanted for grocery. GLANDERS. Third
ave. and Clement St., Richmond district
GOOD bootblack wanted. Barber shop, 1338
Market st, opposite Seventh.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 628 Fourth st
YOUNG man as lunch cook and porter; Ger-
man preferred. Apply 533 California st
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
month. Apply 209 Kearny et., room 1.
BARBER — First-class steady man wanted.
167 Ninth st.
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr shop, near city.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
YOUNG man of neat appearance and good ad-
dress ' can secure profitable employment as
soliciting agent for a large fraternal or-
ganization; salary or commission will be
paid to the right man; California references
required. Address box 290D, Call office.
WANTED— Goo'd pressman at RAPHAEL'S.
Incorporated. •
WANTED — Honest man with $250; tend cash
In restaurant; no experience; $50 month and
board; big snap. BROWN. 1ZJI Market st.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $150
cash; no experience necessary; $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market
st. upstairs.
BARBERS — All members of Local 14S, J. B. L
U. of A. are hereby officially notified that
. they must pay their Decenfber dues by Jan-
uary 15, 1902, or be suspended without fur-
ther notice. By order of executive board.
JOS. BLEILY. Sec.
BARBERS — $25 buys possession of 3-chalr
shop. Including 3 weeks' rent. 1547 Mission.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD barber wanted; wages $15. Address
box 29C6, Call office.
3-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand for sale;
sacrifice if sold at once. Sll Castro Bt.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. TJ.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis* St., San Francisco.
WANTEIK-A competent, qualified shoe trav-
eler for Northern California and Southern'
Oregon;, must be familiar with the above ter-
ritory; state salary and where employed. Box
2279. <_1I office.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
. weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
. catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal. >
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
- mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. C35 Clay Bt. '
WANTED-^-A good -.cake and bread baker;
must he steady. ' Box 2383. Call. Oakland.
WANTED — Brlckmasons at once. Apply at
room 228, Parrott building.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop fox sale;
good business. Apply at Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Experienced dyer and cleaner; ref-
erences required. 583 Mission st :•¦¦¦' t!
EXPERIENCED starch ironer; also mangle
glrL ¦ - Russ House Laundry. -
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for jsale: COc up. 241 Third «L_
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
- 50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st, nr.5th.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3. 40. Phelan
-big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt
WINCHESTER House. 44- Thtrdst. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bue and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES' -AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale ' at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CARLOAD heavy wagon horses; also 10 head
good livery horses. Santa Clara Milk Co.,
• 721 Howard st. ' ;. '
FINE carriage and road team for sale cheap.
025 Sutter st. . " ' . ,
BIG mare. $20; horse. $25: horse, $40; coal
wagon ,$40; buggy, $25. . 79 City Hall ave. .
DRUMMERS' sample gloves . for sale at
HEINEMAN'S. 109. Sansome* st .
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL.' 605 G. , G.- ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagnn for sale, cheap. S32 Mission.
— - ______________ _ .
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for elr-
: cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1930, near Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath; fine marine view; rent $42 60.
. HOUSES FOR SALE.-
NEW:' modern r house," 7: rooms; sun all day;
¦ large basement, yard. Portola, oft Waller,
bet Pierce and Steiner.' Inquire 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC ~AIR TREATMENT. '
LADIES and gentlemen, this Interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
room 39. 139 Post st
, LOST ATO FOOD.
LOST— Saturday. Jan. 11, 1902. about 11:30
a. m., in or between tha Crocker- Woolworth
Bank and Sansome St., on Market, north
etde, a buckskin bag containing cola. By
leaving same at factory, 312 Mission st.
finder will be well rewarded.
LOST— On the 11 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Berkeley
train or Eighth-st. car, San Francisco, mon-
key skin card case containing gold brace-
. let and quantity of money and calling cards.
Liberal reward. 3036 Telegraph ave., Berke-
ley; telephone Dana 1954.
LOST — December 25, a fox terrier dog, brown
and black marking over eyes; white body,
with black spot on tall; duplicate license
456; last seen on boat Berkeley. Liberal re-
ward If returned to 1321 Pine St., San Fran.
LOST — Hunting case gold watch and diamond
locket, fob. engraved J. B. M. ; also emerald
and diamond stick pin; $50 reward for lnfor-
matlon. J. B. M., 66 Geary st. ¦
LOST — Jan. 13, *02. a small fox terrier dog.
with collar bearing Los Angeles license tag.
Return to NELSON TOWNB SHAW, 1101
California St.; reward.
LOST — Package of laundry Saturday night, be-
tween 7 and 8 o'clock, on Sutter St.. between
Jones and Leavenworth. Please return to
829 Sutter st; reward.
LOST — Diamond screw stud between Oakland
and Sixth ave.. a F.; $50 reward. Return to
532 Twenty-fourth et. Oakland.
LOST, stolen or strayed — A white Spitz dog
pup. lamo on one leg. on East st: liberal re-
ward. 36 East st.
LOST — Monday, lady's gold watch: name' Rose-
on case. Reward If returned to 1813 Hyde.
LOST — An all black cocker spaniel. Liberal
reward if returned to 233 Powell st
FOB lost on Sunday; liberal reward. Call at
242 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Jan. JO. brown leather purse; reward.
1510 Market st.
LOST or strayed from 1543 Page st, full
blooded' Maltese cat. 2 nicks in ear; answers
name John; last seen In Park Panhandle;
reward of $25 paid for return to J. H. MIL-
LER. 101 Sansome st.
LOST — A' pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
- name of HILDA ANDERSON; No. 213-811.
The. finder will please return to bank.
LOST A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KATE PHILLIPS; No. 174-S20.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of ANNIE LYCETT or BERNARD
. JOHN LYCETT, No. 232-SS7. The finder will
please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Wai.cn Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs ol4
gold and gllver to make r.ew watch cases.
~ MEDICAL.
DK. O'DONNEXi. — All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines save been used for many years by
thousands.; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken.; the most obstinate case* nav*
been relieved by my medical treatment; free-
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate na'.ure: nil classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest. cases. DR. 3.
W. O'DONNEI— , 1013 Market st. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies' specialist;
80 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MR3. KOHL, specialist 410 O'Farrell st
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement 112 Mason at. formerly
of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. 5! GOODWIN^ ladles' physician; 25
years' vuccessful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office, 122S Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: buna
in confinement. 1128 Market St. 8. V.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN, re«. 1343 Alabama St.. nr. 23th:
treatment $5 to $10; avoid delay; none de-
ceived.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cur*d by herbs.
MACIIIXK WO RKS.
ENSIGN Machine "Works. 415% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. S. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
31ATRI3IOXIAL.
G_NT— __ _ 3 wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Herts. T0« Bills.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and setrillzed, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
¦t.: tel. Bush 421.
3IISES AND MIXING.
ATTENTIO/J, CAPITALISTS.
If you have $60,000 cash and can command
$300,000 more In a, few months, come and
see me at once. I have a, mine to sell worth,
a million dollars; this I can qualify; 20
stamps now going: need 80 more: absolutely
the very best large low . grade quartz mine
In California; you must qualify If you mean
business; none but principals need call. Room
406, fourth floor. Annex jo Call bldg.. R. F.
MISCE LLAN— OCS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont gt.
FOR sale cheap — Several good cooking stoves,
6, 7. 8 and No. 10; 1 steel range, with high
shelf; 1 8-ft brick range; 1 6-ft brick range,
At WM. LOANE'S. 439 Fifth t
A — BTJT9. sells or rents sear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, 'water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Bpear tt.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. IL
S. WHITE, 516-620 Mission st
GENT'S black suits for mourners ranted for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton,
st, upstairs.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pln%.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d hand, all makes, at low-
figures. — & _ . ALEXANDER, 110 Monte* y.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st
FOR sale— 1%-horsepower gas engine In good
order. WM. 1OANE. 439 Fifth at.
THE stock of a second-hand clothing store, at
a bargain. 153 Ninth st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. _______
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton, hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1315. worth $250. only
$00. Portland Lodn Office. 25 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Pert-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. S5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton «t- ' ¦ ¦
WALLPAPER. 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc
MERIOAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 132L
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 390 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
SAFES — New and- second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-12.! Sacramento st.
lST-CLASS^Sd-band modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; S drawers; oak;
• complete; cheap. . 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
BAH outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BEtLARD ft BRECK. 131 Poat St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS^
¦"tty- NTE:D ---- o rg an : must be In good condition*
A^'-riafc-gpfc r£ s
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2S31.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 934 Fol3om:tel.Folsomll31.
BIO prices paid ifor sealskins. fuU dress & Tux-
wedo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.'
MOXBV^TO LOAX.
HEB^LXlTMURjiiYT^HS^
• $4,600,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages «
iJ L>lfe Interests In estates »..,
•• Property being held 4i» trust ...':...
"•"•".I ? dlvlded lnteres t» in real estate .
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes. «
ClAl' ••'•K' You Need Money.. ......
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
1 " cent on furniture; $3 a month on each
$1000; any security.- 302 Montgomery st. r. Uj
3% ON * furniture'*and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval.* Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 8 Eddy.
_ EDUCATIONAL— Continued.
AYRES" Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited ; preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and .mining
engineering ; day, and night; catalogue free.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
• ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new GO-page catalosue free. 305 Larkln st. -
A. FULL course of' Ellis bookkeeping . and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated . with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell at.
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
. moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.,6th.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320PoBt;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M.G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
C. Hoffman," European tenor & voice builder:
Ital. meth.; concert &. oratorio.. 1017, Sutter. <
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission : Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing.- bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — night class. 424 Pine St.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded ISfiS: new SO-pasre catalogue fre».
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cookg
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO. KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page. cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese; Chl-
nese help. 423 PoweIl.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, no washing, last
place 8 years. Call J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st • . -¦ .
EASTERN dressmaker with latest ideas wants
work in families; will sew for children; $1 60
a day until advertised. Address MRS. F.,
box 2810, Call office. ¦
AN active, reliable woman wants work; small
family adults: good plain cook; wages mod-
erate. Box 1506. CjUl office. ¦ ¦
SITUATION wanted as nurse to child, com-
panion to invalid and assist with general
housework. 120 Fourth st.
NEAT girl wishes a position as seamstress and
taking care children. Call . 1501 Broadway.
SWEDISH girl, newly arrived, wishes a place
to do general housework In an American
family. Call at 4419 Twenty-third st, near
Hoffman ave. ; take Twenty-fourth-st. car.
SWEDISH girl wishes position; general house-
work; small washing; wages $20 to $25. 2078
Mission st. .
WASHING or housecleanlng by strong, re-
liable woman. Address Laundress, 1747 Mis-
sion st. ' .
YOUNG German . girl wishes position with
small family; general housework. Call at
330A Seventh et. . . .
STEADY and reliable young woman wishes
permanent housework position; references
• given. Please call j at 770 Folsom st.
A COMPETENT ypung woman wishes position
cooking and. general housework; good refer-
• ences.' Please call 1024 Howard St.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes position for
general housework; good plain cook; reason-
able wages. 445. O'Farrell St.-
GIRL wants place for second/ work or light
housework: wages $18 to $20; -American fam- i
ily; no postals. 232 Hickory ave., nr.Octavia. i
WANTED — By American woman, position as
managing ; or. working housekeeper, city or
country: best of references. Address L.
ANSELL, box 2912, Call office. V .
EXPERIENCED woman wants place as house-
keeper; city or country- Call afternoon or
address M. E. F., 1124 13th ave., E. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would take charge of
widower's family; country preferred." Box
• 2227,' Call office. .
BRIGHT, active girl, quick at figures and'' a
' good penman, wishes position where there is
a chance of advancement. Box 2211, Call
office. . :
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1OUU
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ * ¦ .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
BUSINESS man, stranger in city, will take !
any poiBitlon at any salary and work up; will
give bonds or cash security. Box 2270. Call.
COMPETENT middle-aged man wants position,
care for horses, handy with tools, will care
for invalid, do work by the day. H. B., 613
Montgomery st. ' • ¦ -. ' '.-¦¦.•¦
MAN and wife (German) want situations' in
small hotel or boarding-house; city or coun-
try; wife Is good cook; man good -helper in
kitchen, waiter or bartender. 959 Folsom st.
BARBER, with 1% years' experience, would
like chance to finish trade; age 21; can give
good references. Box 2801. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS bread baker from the East
would like a position; will take second, third
or fourth hand's Job. Apply 469 Clementina.
ACCOUNTANT desires position; references fur-
nished. Address C. A. S. care H. K. Stark-
weather Co.. 810 California st.
SITUATION wanted by good, strong, willing
•boy, to- work as an errand or cash. boy. Call
at 07 Rausch st. ¦-.'
RELIABLE boy wanted to learn horseshoeing,
and blacksmlthlng business; a little experi-
ence preferred. H'. SCHRODER, cor. Steiner
and Waller sts.. at 7:30. ' '. - '. ,
PORTER wishes a position at once;, city ref-
erences. Box 2808, Call. ¦ .
YOUNG man, 19, wants work; first-class East-
' ern references. Box 2809. CalL
WANTED — By steady, middle-aged man, situa-
tion as attendant or nurse for. invalid. Box
2220. Call office. ;
Al GENTS' furnishing goods man, age 24, of
neat appearance, wants a position' in some
reliable house; wholesale or retail; references.
Box 2815, CalL office. . ' . ¦
GOOD gardener, with 14. -years' experience,
would, like position In a private family; can
speak only German, French and Italian. Ad-
dress G. TSCHABOLD, 320^ Green st, S. F.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for 1 or 2 horses. Box 2292,. Call office.
PAINTER,' whltener ' and tinter wants . work
: by the week- or 'month: moderate wages.
• Address box 2907. Call office. - r ,
YOUNG man 20 wishes position in grocery or
family liquor store; 2 years' experience; has
i first-class references. Address box 2904, Call.
SITUATION wanted ' by man and wife; first-
class butler and cook; 3-year-old child. Ad-
dress. Z., Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st;
SITUATION wanted by an all-round electrician
and engineer; can do repairing; ,have tools
and test instruments; would like steady posi-"
i tion; -temperate. Address' Electrician,- 3316
' Twenty-sixth st. ¦¦ " -•-: .'.-.-.; .
PORTER and house man. late at a first-class
hotel in the city, desires work" In hotel, prl-
, vate family or at anything; handy with tools;
¦wages no object; reference. - Address > box
2258, Call office.. — V ¦ ¦ .'. : . :" -::¦
GERMAN gentleman,. possessing English, Span-
ish and German, desires situation as corre-
spondent! or any. kind of .office -work; knows
¦ .shorthand and has experience In South Amer-
lcan trade. .-Box 2272, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position in law or collec-
. tion office: best of references. Box 2248.
¦ Call.' . - - > ¦ .:»/¦,' • ¦-.-; • . ¦ / ¦ ,_'_ ;-¦¦,.-.
POSITION • wanted . by ¦ an experienced meat'
cutter. Box 2253, Call. -. *
RECTIFIER and wine and , liquor man wants
position. H. A. ; PIJTZMAN, 1120 Market st
A -YOUNG Japanese ' wishes ; situation "to-do
•. chamber work in hotel or lodging-house. JIM,
¦ box 2808. '.Call. : -; : ,.~,. .-;. - ' ¦ -.:¦ *
JAPANESE' wants work; schoolboy; speaks
English little. M. Madokoro, tel. Fell 1280.Union. -Is Enjoined.
Judge Troutt Issued an injunction yester
day restraining Bakers'- Union No. 24
from- boycotting- the Vienna, bakery on
Larkin' street, pending an action for dam
ages instituted- by Ruediger & Loesch,
proprietors of the bakery, against the
union. The Injunction restrains the. mem
bers of the union from posting placards,
in any way and from parading in front
denouncing the proprietors of the bakery
of the place with notices accusing the
proprietors of acting unfairly with their
employes/ ::,;•>/ : v.ji;- :
Yosemlte Club License.
Harry E. Corbett took out a boxing club
license yesterday in the name of the Yo
semlte Athletic Club, of which organiza
tion he is , the president. Corbet* paid
the sum of $1200 to Tax Collector Edward
J. ¦ Smith and received . In exchange the
little card , that entitles the club to pro
mote boxing contests during the coming
year. The club has several good matches
in view. , :
Pasadena Oas Case . at j Bar.
Willlain'-H. Johnson, an emplove of a
gas c6mpany, vrhlch commenced' to make
excavations in a Pasadena street without
first securing: a permit from the Superin
tendent of Streets, was granted a -writ of
habeas corpus yesterday. On the decision
of the case, which comes up next Friday,
depends the question of whether the com
pany can lay its mains in Pasadena.
The purposes of the McKinley National
Memorial Association are to erect • and
maintain at Canton, Ohio, a memorial
that will appropriately commemorate the
career of President McKinley. The me
morial is to be the people's tribute and
men, women and children everywhere
have the privilege of contributing.
A meeting is to be held in the office of
Colonel -George Stone, room 1209, Claus
Spreckels building, Tuesday evening, Jan
uary 14, for the purpose of organizing a
branch of the McKinley National Memo
rial Association in this State. The meet
ing has been. called at the request of the
National Memorial Association. Invita
tions to attend the meeting have been
sent to a number of prominent business.
men, • ¦ •
Tribute , to Memory of Presi
dent McKinley.
Business Men to Assist in Providing
THEY PLAN TO ORGANIZE
MEMOBIAL ASSOCIATION
Chief Deputy Vogelsang 1 of the Fish
Commission has finally succeeded in out-.,
witting a number of chronic game law
violators of Sonoma County, who, .for
several years past, have fished for steel
head trout with set nets, regardless* of the
statutes. Hearing, that Mr. "Vogelsang
was >very active in prosecuting offenders,
the illegal fishermen sent down word that
if any - of the commission's . officials
showed themselves along the Russian
River there would be some shooting.
. Knowing that as in past years the law
breakers would conceal their nets the mo
ment a deputy appeared, Mr. Vogelsang
decided to try a new method of proced
ure. Accordingly, last Thursday -night
Deputies "M. I* Cross an* W. H. "Welch
went secretly to a point on ' the river
some . distance above Duncan's Mills and
under cover of darkness embarked :tn a
rowboat. Before daylight they^ had se
cured six nets, varying from $75 to $150 in
value, the largest seizure ever made on a
single raid in the history of the commis
sion. . •-: . •
The nets and accompanying parapher
nalia will be confiscated. .
River Are Taught an Expen
sive Lesson. -.'. ¦>; :-%.
Illegal Operators" on the Prussian
PISS COMMISSIONER
0 U T W ITS ' LAW-SBEAZERS
It would be Interesting to know, how many
are absent from this sanctuary and from
other sanctuaries this morning because the
gayeties of the past ¦ week have simply ex
hausted them and left - them - -without the
strength of body, mind or spirit for public
worship. From the excessive burden of labor
I see no escape. Ths prosperity that Is ours,
and that we cannot and would not surrender,
urges us on. It is not in exchanging the
stress of toll for the equally enervating stress
of pleasure-seek! ngt and because six days of
the week leave no opportunity - for it, crowd
ing it into the seventh day. Such is the most
familiar excuse for the Sunday given up to
society. Beyond question this strain after
feverish pleasure is a peril to our bodies, but
if this were all it might be endured. There
are worse things, however, than dying young,
and. one of, them is dying spiritually. Becom-
Ing ,absorbed in sensuous delights on the Sab
bath is using the .Lord's day against our
selves. This we do when we use it for pleas
ure, carrying on into it the social gayeties that
have filled the six preceding: days and will
fill the etx days following. .
. In touching: on the excess of. the social
gayeties, now at ' their height, in "Wash
ington and their effect on religious life.
Dr. Hamlin said: ;
Many guests of our nation In the legation
at this capital are showing us scant courtesy
in lightly overriding our best national tradi
tions and customs of the ¦ Lord's day. - Some
of our own people are nerveless enough to flat
ter by .Imitation. I appeal to you who know
Its blessings, to say a courteous but firm
"no" to every invitation to secularize It, be
cause you need it, and will . have it, for phy
sical rest and • spiritual nurture.'
" Secretary Hay and his family are among
the worshipers. Dr. Hamlin said that he
regarded - an open tearoom, dining-room
and reception-room on Sunday a. deadier
evil than .an o'pen saloon. He then pro
ceeded to score the members of the for
eign legations for trying to bring: a Conti
nental i Sunday, with all of its iniquities,
to America.' ' He said :
CALL. . BUREAU, 1406 GK STREET, N.
W., TVASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Diplomatic
circles in Washington profess to be very
much concerned over a ser^non preached
yester(to.y by the Rev. Tennfs Hamlin or
the Church of the Covenant. This church
Is situated in. the midst of the diplomatic
locality and is opposite the British lega
tion. ¦'-'?¦>';%¦ %';<•''. ...
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Says They Are Trying to
Introd uce a Continental
Sabbath. .
Divine of Washington
Scores Members of
Foreign Legations. ¦' t
SUNDAY GAYETIES
A DEADLY EVIL
HOTEL' ARRIVALS.
NEW -WESTERN HOTEL,.
W J Geuner, Sacto r
Miss Geuner, Sacto. -
J'Mulroy, Ingleside' • .
F , Cavanaugh,- Seattle
C Berghansen, . Colo ' •
H» Hemelrath, - Iowa ¦'. '
J . Hemelrath, ¦ Iowa ;; .
R C Meyer, Stockton
J . H Mitchell; Boston |
D S Johnson&wJ •< Colo
T - H Clark&w. Seattle
J H Dugfleld, Md
T C Williams, > Ga
C MeConnell. Ga-V>
D Barrick, Columbus
F Blancherd, Or • •
F Walters, Manila.
D L Scott. ; Cincinnati
W Johnson, Cincinnati
JWhiteside,- Alton. Ill
Geo . MVoru.- ct . Xjoui* -
THE SAN FRANCISCO vCA^
11
'DIVIDEND : NOTICES. •
DIVIDEND Notice— The., Nevada -' National
' Bank of "San Franclsco-rAt , a regular meet-
¦'. ¦ Ing of the Board of Directors of this -bank,
held- January ,7th. 1902, a; dividend was de-
clared for the : half-year - ending x December
31st, • 1001, at the rate of seven (7> per. cent
' per 1 annum, payable on - and after ¦ the ' 15th
•inst." Transfer books will be closed from tha
10th to tha 15th inst.. both days Inclusive.
— ¦¦;., . . / . GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Com-
panjY room 16/: second .floor, >, Mills building,
San Francisco, Jan. 7." 1902 — Dividend. No.
19tt, of 42 cents per share ontth,e issued capi-
tal stock ¦ of the Contra ' Costa .Water 'Com-
pany,.. will be. payable at ; the office of said
.company, room 16, second • floor, Mllla build-
ing, on Jan. 15, 1902. Transfer books will
close on Jan. 9. 1902, at 3 p. m. " •¦'.
> . ¦ - EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
MAB-RIAGE LICENSES. ;
The following marriage. licenses -were issued
yesterday:
' Hugh A. Robertson, 30, 2305 Van- Ness ave-
nue, and Martha A. Langford,' 3-1, 1 2404% Polk.
Edward R. Adams, 22, 435 GoMea Gate ave-
nue, and Asmes McKenna, 21, 3e5Halght st
Edward H. Garner, 20. 1123 ,. Steiner street,
and Jessie E. Lavy, 25, -1123. Steiner; street.--.
Julius A. Matson, 20. Marshfield, , Or., and
Virginia A. Kruse, 1 2C, Marshneld. Or.
Timothy J. • Harrfneton. 21, 1537 ' Fifteenth
avenue south, and Elizabeth M. Keeffe, 21, 3
Russell street. -. - •' •'.
Walter TerwiUiger, 25, 411% Octavla street,
and LilHe Broderick, 21, 71 Sheridan street. .
A. Harry Ellenbogen. 28, | New York City,
and Dorothy Brooks. 2C, city.
¦Matthew C Garety. 25, 50: Clara, street,' and
Delia MV Wall, 25. 1404 Church street. .-
William L., Kellogg. 88, : clty, and Catharine
A. ' Ratterman, 37, city. - . : - 'V
Alfred E. Frontfer, 26, Oakland, and • Clara
Nunenmacher. 19. Oakland. : • , .
Victor Rofso, 36, 901 Post street, and Teresa
Flanagan, 28, city, v ¦ : .-. ..-¦•>
• Oresete SimI, 39. 731 Vallejo street, and
Clara A. Buckow, 16, 847 Haight street.; : ¦
Samuel A. Clarke, 29, 3715 Twentieth street,
and Jennie McLaufehlin. 22, 716 Grove street.
Carlo Ginocchla, 30, 626 Broadway; and Caro-
lina Ucello.-26,- 526 Broadway. .¦,.- ¦; -
•Christian F.Leuterdt, 22. 2112 Bryant street,
and Josephine. T. Boyhan, IS. 465 Shotwell at.
'i BIRTHS— MAERItGES- DEATHS, ' '
¦ '..¦'¦ : V ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . " '
Birth, marriage I and death - notices , Bent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and" be
indorsed with the name and , residence of per-
sons authorized to have the aame published.
BORN".
GOEZ — In this city, January 13, 1902, . to the
wife of. C. F. Goez. a son.
HARRIS— In this city, January 5, 1002, to" the
wife of Barney Harris, a son. . ¦ .
JACOBS — In this city, January 7, 1902, to the
wife of Saul -Jacobs, a daughter.
RODGER — At the Potrero. January 5, 1902, to
the wife of David Rodger, a daughter. . . '
MAHRIED.
ANDERSEN— CARLSEN— In this city, Janu-
ary 1902, by the Rev. Philip Coombe,
Hans Christian Andersen* of San Francisco
and Carrie Caxlsen of Philadelphia. Pa.
COHN— SCHWARTZ— In this city, January 1,
lftO2f» by the Rev. M. 6. Levy, / Harry L. !
Cohn and Bessie P. Schwartz, both of San
" Francisco. ,
FINSTERBUSH — RUFNER — In thla city. Jan-
uary S.* 1902, by the Rtv. E. N. Stensrud of
the Trinity English Evangelical Lutheran
Church, Julius William Finsterbush and Lil-
lie Rufner, both of San Francisco.
FRIEDBERd — KELLNER— In this city, Jan-
uary 4, 1902,- by the Rev. M.S. Levy. Ellas
Friedberg of Oakland and Adallne Kellner
of San Francisco. . .--..- • . - •
KRAGEN— CASSEL — In this city, January 5.'
1902, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Joseph Kragen
and Ernestine Cassel, both of -San" Fran-
cisco. ¦ . ' -
LEFKOVITZ— NOVINSKY— In this city, De-
cember 29, 1901, by the Rev. M. S.^Levy,
John Lefkovitz and Bessie 1 Novlnsky. both
of Sin Francisco. . '
MELIN — ARCHER — In this city. January 11.
1902, by the Rev. Paul ¦ Branke. Kristlan
Melin and Agnes Archer, both of San Fran-
cisco. -¦ , .
TRESKOW— BACH— In Ros« Valley. Cal.. Jan-
uary 11, 1902, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Frits Treskow of Crockett, Cal., and Helena
Bach of Ross Valley. CaL - ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
died. ; _ ¦
1 Bentley, Albert Jacobs, Isldor
Borland, Sarah Johnson, Thomas
} Brown. Ellen M. Kittler, Roman
Bryant. Henrietta F.' Lawley, Johanna
Cavanaugh, - Richard Lyons, Edward F.
Christy. James McDonald. Lillian A.
. Connell, Mary G. " . Magoonis, George
Cook, George H. • Magulre, Mrs. M. ."
¦ De Celle, John A. Mandel, Hannah L. -
Denike, Catherine .-, Moulton. Floyd .
Farenkam. Olof F. Ryan, Patrick
Fuog, Mrs. K. -' Schott," Charles F.
Gilmore. Cecil H. Smith. Bridget .
Green. Harold I 1 Sheppard, Isabella -
Hawkins, James W. Springer, George H.
Hellwlg, Frederick Swenson, Peter C. G.
BENTLEY— In this city, January 11, 1902,
Albert Bentley, beloved brother of Frederick
Bentley, a native of Canton Berne. Switzer-
land, aged 60 years 10 months and ¦ 27 days. ,
- {£7Fr lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor. Dlerks, 957 Mission- street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Mount.
OliVet Cemetery by carriage.'. : ; j
BORLAND — Entered . into rest, in this city,
January 12,- 1902, Sarah Borland, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aped 48 years." S&
I7rrlends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1416 Taylor street. ;¦ Cremation at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.' ¦ ¦ _•
BROWN — In this city, January 13, 1902, 1 at
the residence of her parent», 171' Randall
street, between Chenery and Palmer. Ellen
Margaret Brown, dearly- beloved daughter ot
Charles F. and' Mary Louisa Brown, a na-
tive of New Orleans, aged 11 years and 4
days.
BRYANT— In this city, January 13, 1902, at
her residence, - 2916 Clay .street,' Henrietta
Francese Bryant, widow of the late Dr.
• Berryman Bryant, mother of Calhoun and
Dr. ., Edgar R. , Bryant, daughter of . Mrs.
Henry Reeve Sr., and sister of Oscar A.,
Henry F., Benj. W. and J. Page Reeve and
Mrg. J. B. Woolsey, a native of Ohio, aged
69" years S months and 18 days. (San Jose
and Gilroy papers please copy.) \-
¦ IE7"The funeral services and Interment will,
be held at Gilroy. Thursday, January 16,
1902. upon the arrival of the 8 o'clock train
from San Francisco.. .•
CAVANAUGH— In this city, January 11, 1902,
Richard, dearly beloved 'husband of Mary.
, . Cavanaugh, and beloved father of Mrs. John
Madden and Patrick, Richard and Thomas
Cavanaugh, and | brother of Mrs. Ann Cas-
tello, o. native of County Galway, v Ireland,
aged 67 years. . - * ..¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦ N ¦--
CTTriends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 102 Clara' street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church; where a solemn requiem
. mass -will be celebrated for "the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross ' Cemetery. - .¦•.¦¦ ¦ ¦
CHRISTY— In Alameda. ¦¦ January 12,/ 1902,
Jame? Christy, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Christy, and father of Samuel B. Christy and
Mrs. Sidney E. Robinson and Mrs. "Henry A.
Dow and James R. Christy, a native of Bal-
timore, Md., . aged 74 years 8 months and S
days. : \ , -..' .¦ 1 r ¦ ;¦ ¦-. . . . ,- .' .- •'
"¦ C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral- services
to-day (Tuesday), at '._ 12 o'clock, at the
First M. . E. Church, ' Central avenue - and
Park street. Alameda. " Interment private.
CONNELL — In ' this city, January 13, 1902.
Mary Gavin, Connell, dearly beloved mother
-of William, Peter, John and Rose .Connell
fand Mrs. Thomas Dwyer, a native of Ire-
land, aged 63 years. .
COOK— In this city, January 12. 1902, George
H. Ccok, beloved hurband of Mary A. Cook,
and father ' of Florence Cook, a native of
Bath, Maine, aged 01 years 6 months and 23
days. • ¦";•¦¦'' f ¦',•.¦¦, .. -->
E7"The funeral services will be held
Wednesday, January - 15, 1902, at 10 o'clock,
at -his late residence,- 1022 Church , street,
. between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
* ' under j the auscicea of Magnolia Lodge No.
41. A. O. U: W. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage. ..' ¦ , ••-- . .-.
DE CELLE— In this city,' January 12, 1902^
John A. De Celle, brother of Joseph N. De
Celle of Crockett, Contra Costa County, Cal.,
a native of Vermont, aged 37 f years. . . '..*:•.
-icy The funeral -will take place to-day
(Tuesday), ' at 9:45 o'clook. from the parlors
¦ of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, .where a re-
i quiem mass "will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 10 O'clock. Interment ' Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦¦.-.¦ . 1 .'•-_¦ •. :.'", ~V '
( HEJSRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
• ; . 20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School. .
. Telephone South 80. ~,_ -
Mt. Olivet Cemetery;
: SAN BRTJNO ¦ HTLLs! ' : . • V VV ; -
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
' • ' • J. HENDERSON.. Manager. .-'
REMOVED!
;McGlNNBROS., ,
FUNERAL: DIRECTORS- and EMBALMERS,
,to 222 and 226 McAllister street.- (Formerly of
31 Eddy street. ; Tel. South 252.) ......
NEW FIRM OF 1 UNDERTAKERS.'
" Samuel' McFadden, 18 years manager for
' the United Undertakers' Association; M. J. '
McBrearty,' with | the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green,' late . with "J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street,' between Seventh
and Eighth.. Telephone South 44. \ ' - ' .
ROOMS TO LET — Fiirn. and Untarn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— Nttw[ -'elegant.'
Eunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister. cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK' House, US Sixth— Rooms.
2jc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rcoms; open Sill night..
BURNETT. 142C Market fold No; 1304) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellife. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;' prices reasonable..
ELLIS ' 321. (Mozart)— Nice*y furnished rooms.
»oc. $1 50 night: $1 50. $0'wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. COC — Nice sunny suite of rooms;- flr.e-
- place in both rooms. -V.. * .'
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEA.RY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE, 758— Large sunny ro6m sult-
¦ able for 2 gents; running water; $12; priv.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
/. Jamily house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
> home at moderate charges; suit, single; eievat.
GRANT aye., 17 — Pleasant sunny rooms at
reasonable rates. -. :
HAYES. 071 — Nice front room, with or without
board; terms reasonable. . - : ¦ . ,
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and , Market— Fur-
v nished • room, $.5.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office or sunny
| furnished rooms, en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome tultes;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA; CC7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. ;
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
¦ offices^ elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 797 — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms; strictly first-class.
ROYAp House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- I
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.30; week, $2 j
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator mi ground
Soot; rooms with hot and cold 'water; I .a tha.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. •
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. •
TURK. 332 — Sunny front room; suitable for
dressmaker. .-'.•• \
VAN NESS ave.. 1429. SW. corner of Pine — ;
Large sunny bay-window newly furnished
rooms; ras. bath, running water, telephone,
etc.; also a large unfurnished room.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at 100G
Valencia St. . '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission — Large sun-
ny rcrner suite, $55; other rooms; American
cooking.' . . ¦
BERTLING. 736 Bush — Elegant sunny suits;
also single rooms; billiards for amusement
of ,4ruests; superior table; terms reasonable.
ELEGANT furnished room In modern flat;
every convenience; congenial house; fine
neighborhood; private; reas. 2307 Van Ness.
HOTEL Buena Vista will open to-day; newly
furnished; good table: In warm belt of the
Mission. 1070 Valencia et. '¦ - . ' i
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
togs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table. - - . ¦
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny single suite;
- excellent board: private. 1048 Ellis st-
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
suites & single; board optional; steam heat.
PACIFIC ave., 1716. above Van Ness — Large
sunny room, -with board; suitable for 1 or 2.
HOTEL R^peller. 7gi Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA, SO" (Ste\-enson Mansion) — Select I
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates. |
VAN NESS. B19 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments: conv.: 2 to 6 gents 7 best table board.
ROOMS AND ROARD WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny room with board and ! care
for Invalid lady, and single room without
board for gentleman;, small, private, central
location preferred: state fully conditions and
terms. Address box 2900. Call office.
ROOSIS WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished room in exchange for
$100 lot, which will be worth probably $500 In
five years. .Box 2S11, Call office.- -
RUPTURE SANITARIUM,
RUPTURE— Will lengthy ads cure you? No.
Call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206 Market ut.,
and get cured; treatment free. / ' '
STORAGE AJS'D WAREHOUSES.
plE^C^R^DOT^Pir^tora^e^inTlloTinK^ar
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST. Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
slon St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE. Pacific' Hebrew Orphan .Asylum, and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted Into the orphanage from July ,
1..1901, to January 1. 1902. the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls : Isldor Cohen, 13 jts. 4 mos. ; Flora
Markowitz, 4 yrs. ,4 mos.; Hannah Felngold,
8 yrs. 2 mos.; Henry Felngold, 5 yrs. 6 moe. ;
David Felngold. 10 yrs. 4 mos.; Alma Wolff,
7 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Bruckner, 8 yrs. 6 mos.;
Eva Bruckner, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Sam Shaphran,
5 yrs. 11 mos.; Annie Shaphran, 7 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Shaphran, 5 jts. 4 mos.; Samuel Pud-'
lin, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; David Pudlin, 8 yrs. 3
moF. ; Harold Levy, 5 yrs. 11 mos. ; Clarence
Levy, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Louis Friedman, 9 yrs.
2 mos. : Henry Friedman, 7 yrs. 1 mo. ; Hy-
man Friedman, 4 yrs. 7 mos.; Madeline Roo-
enthal. 5 yrs. 4 mos.; Florence Rosenthal, 4
yrs.; Ruben Vidaver. 12 yrs.; Matthias Vi-
daver, 10 yrs. 8 mos.; Gertrude Jacobs, 8
yrs. 7 mos.; Mamie Levy. 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Sarah Levy, 4 yrs. 3 mos.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum — on Haight st— from July 1, 1901, to
January 1, 1902: Doris B. Whltehorn. 2 yrs.
0 mos. : Tessle V. Buyck, 9 yrB. 10 mos. ; Lena
Schmidt, 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Lena M. Hamborger,
6 yrs.; Harry Klangr. 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Clifford
R. Whitehorn, 6 jtb. 6 mos. : Herbert O.
Seernann, 5 yrs. 4 mos. ; Percy W. Stapleton.
S jtb. 10 mos.; Harry Hamberger, 4 yrs. 5
mos.; James A. Ferguson, 8 yrs. 5 mos.;
Louis Schmidt, 8 yrs. 3 mos.; Rudolph Bohde,
8 yrs.; William Hill, 8 yrs. 4 mosyi William
Randolph, 7 yrs. 5 mos.; Herbert "Vy. Bollard,
4 yrs. 1 mo.; Martin Kvalvlg, 10 yrs. 5 mos.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan, half-or-
phan and abandoned girls, from July 1, 1901,
to Jan. 1. 1902: Jennie Anderson, aged 7
years, Olga Anderson. 4; Alice Obrist, 7;
Onlta V. Mayberry, 11; Lucy. B. Cain, 9;
Mary Colgrove, 3; Mary M. Crankshaw, 6;
Gladys Crankshaw, 5; Adelaide Parker, 10;
Margaret Voss, 10; Joycelin E. Martin, 11;
Ethel Plant, 12; Kate Ohe, 11; Christine Ohe,
B.-Mary Ohe, 7; Henrietta Ohe. 2; Ruth
Congdon, 7; Mildred Congdon. 5; Florence
Hodge, 18 months; Grace Bess, 5 years; Irene
Jones,- 10.- m v '
THE following half-orphans have been received
In the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Chlldrerf
since last publication: -Violet Lumberge, 4
years of age; Marion Williams, 2 years of
age; Robert D. Mackay, 5 years of age.
THE annual meeting of the 8. F. Nursery for
Homeless Children will be held at 1534 Mis-
sion st.. TUESDAY, Jan. 14, 10 o'clock a. m.
BAD tenants ejected 'for $4: collections made;
city or ' country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41B Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. S58O.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. l>05 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
TYPEWRITERS AND , SUPPLIES.
GHEaTbaBCAINS IN
sell better machines for less money than any.
bouse in the city; rentals,- $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :estlmnte free. 203 Sansome.
PROPOSALS. ~~
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., January 13, 1802.—
Sealed proposals, - In . triplicate, will . be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m.,\ Thursday, Febru-
ary 13, 1902, and then, opened, .for construc-
tion' of . three Iron Storehouses at ¦ the Pre-
sidio of San Francisco,' Cal. Government re-
' serves right to reject or accept any or .fl.ll
bids *ln whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality . (including In the ' price
" of foreign productions the duty • thereon) . be-
ing equal, and such preference given , to ar-
ticles of American production produced on
the Pacific . Coast, to extent of consumption
.required by the public service there.-. Infor-
mation furnished on application to '¦ D. p.
, WHEELER. Deputy Quartermaster General,
' Cldtf ¦Q.-Mr-v ;.-. -,-•• .-. •.._•¦-;-'.
PERSONALS — Continued.
10.W0 PERSONS %>n whom to cure canccroas
dtecases for $10 apiece at 23S Sixth et., room
11; call after. 7 p. m. ' *
Mrpit d WISOX 104C Market St., phone How-
. ard prcfessional chaperon; best of
references. j
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years* experience J. B. RAY. 457 Minna si.
MAGNETIC massage treatments given to either
eex by strong nun. Box 221(J, Call.
SL'PERFLUOCS hair anU moies destroyed with
e'.t^tric need'.*. MISS EATON,. 111» Sutter st.
A — IF your "hair Ss Ialliug or youare bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. ZSi O'Farrell; send for circular.
THeTa'VIDA COMPANY permanently cures
stomach trouble. 7(S Valencia Et.. cor, lath.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists. .
Mrs. Eriggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
j by electric needle. PCS Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
SUPERFLUOUS heir and moles destroyed with
elcctrif! needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
SUPERFLI'OUS hair removed and roots killed.
MRS. ALLIE M NUNX. 1002% Dolores st.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought, T. Fershtand. 1S6 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE "costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN fc CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal cortumer ; _2«_OJFar£e2!^cojuntryorders.
TAILOR-MADE fUlts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 B0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR LAMOTT2*S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn core; 2&c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair tc Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
PHYSICIANS AND SUHGEOXS.
A^DR. OLIVE GRU VERTlady' phyBician~and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR.- C. C. O f DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. •
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonial* at office. 115-117 Masnn. nr. Kill*.
PLANING. AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremcat.
REAL ESTATE-^ciTY— TpoS SALE.
FOR SALE — Easy Installments, 6-room cottage
on Mississippi St.. near Twenty-fifth. Apply
or address Owner, 2251 Market si., between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
tnd finished basement; 310 Jersey st.. near
Xoe; sunny side.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. SCO to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cctatl. Sonoma, Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
' beet for poultry fend general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and information.
$5 AN acre, 800 acres; stock ranch 80 miles
from this div; house, barn, etc DONNELLY
CO.. 632 Market St. ? *
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
A NICE list of chicken ranches near Petaluma.
E. N. EMMONS & SON. 11 Montgomery st.
POULTRY ard dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. .O, R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
¦ >
PROPERTY AV ANTED.
WANTED — Improved city property for cash
buyers. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$20,000 — 10-ROOM house; grandest view in
Berkeley; fine barn; windmill and tank; gas
"•engine; fine grounds; large lot. W. C.
MORAX & CO. .
$12,000—10 ROOMS; fine barn; 5 acres of
land: fruit trees; beautiful garden; cost
$21.000. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$10.000 — 10-ROOM h'ouse in finest part of
Berkeley*, fine barn and grounds. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$3500 — NEW 7-room house, renting for $30 per
month. W. C MORAN & CO.
$42uO — 8-ROOM house: lot 70x135; fine garden;
good neighborhood; 2 blocks to \J. C grounds;
will sell on terms. . W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000 — NEW 0 or 6 room cottages; lot 45x100;
3 blocks to cars; school and stores; porcelain
bath; tiled sink; stationary tubs; sideboard;
fine mantels: tinted walls; gas fixtures; $200
cash and balance $20 per month. W. C.
MORAX A CO. ¦
SEND for map of the Wheeler tract; lots will
double inside of a year; only 3 blocks to U.
C. grounds. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin
station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
NEW 6-room modern 2-story house; large lot; :
ail fenced; close to school, stores, churches
and electric cars; price $1950; terms $150 .
cash, balance $16 per month; bank loaned
$1900 on this property: will rent for $16 per
month. HOME REALTY CO. Take Berke-
ley train, get off at Lorin Station.
4-ROOM house, new; windmill and tank; deep ,
well; lot 35x130; cement walks; 2 blocks
from school, church, stores, R. K. station and :
Electric cars; price $1200; terms $150, balance
$15 monthly; this is a snap. HOME REAL-
TY CO. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
Station.
$3750 — A MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath;
just being finished; lot 50x150; only 5 min- ]
utes' walk to the university; in the very
beat part of Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON. *£?•!
:>.V. Real Estate, Berkeley.
FRDITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparelleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school ; furnished cot-
¦ taKe of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc: ornamental grounds;- . fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or . one
hour from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price
$4000. Apply J- R- FREUD. Mills building,
or H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
LOT at half cost; choice location;* no agents.
7 Box 2233. Call office. - .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND. REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH, $6 monthly — New unfinished cot-
tage of 3 rooms; 5 fine lots, all fenced and
cross-fenced ; chicken house and outhouses ;
Al -well of fine water; large grove of trees;
away from fogs and raw winds; 2 blocks from
electric cars and 00-foot boulevard; fine
school, church and town hall; over 100 fam-
ilies on place; very nice neighbors; cozy
home and a bargain; price in all. $600; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh eu, op-
posite liroadway station, Oakland; carriage
tree. -H. Z. JONES, Owner.
EUNNY lower flat. 8 Urge rooms; electric ser-
vic? throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larga
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers: lot elevated: choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
eve. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth cts.. come within 1 block. Call or
address. 1C59 Ninth ave.. East Oakland,.
. OAKLAND ROOMS.
FOR RENT — Furnished dining-room and
kitchen in boarding-house. - Apply to B. ¦ H.
WELCH & CO.. 1383 Fifth ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS . FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
two. $12; three, $20; also single, $4 and $5.
GEARY, 1527 — Front unfurnished connecting
rooms with, alcove, running water, gas range,
bath. '¦ . - ¦--.- ¦ '•:•"¦•' '-¦•¦¦
GROVE. 429A— 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping. $5 per month. - . , .
HOWARD 1063 — 2 connecting furnished bay-
window 'rooms; range; electric lights. -.'..-
OAK. 113— 2 parlors. $16; large front room,
¦ $10; small room. $*; all furnished housekeepg.
POINT LOBOS^ISSS. cor.fith ave. — Furnished
, housekeeping rooms.' ¦ ¦ • . ¦/¦¦'¦¦"
TV RK MS— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; bain and phone; rent $15.
VALENCIA 19L near 13th— 2 large newly fur-
nished roome, complete for housekeeping; use
of batb; rent $12. ' - ' "¦ '¦ ¦
n A«=SIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
wbVcriSuonV to» Uta established at XW«
.Valencia ¦*.. -;¦>", - . -
MOVEV TO IX> **^f^?^} ""*"*•- i
*%3&ZgB£ [i^S^to suit;
C £v Oaklaad. Totm and O.ur.iiy property;
K«wm Uie iwarance and secun-
S£ta£££ unsettled e ,tato S unaivHed m-
ttsosts tn real estate and, 1 *f*?"i^ ll l t ? l K"
rfcaec above securities. Tel. Ued otr_4. UA.V
JSxTA-K LOAN CO.. 7iii noar. Crocker big-
First, pecond and third i..ci^K3oes ..
rrviirtded interest in real estate h. Prcbat-..
Mortgages and lofiacies bcu^ht: no delay....
Gctmytcrrat before to'-a* bastoRBB elsewhere
»l*yy>m i {¦ ¦ niiet if f,t., room 3
"• »-v propcsilun. my amount; C per cent: first.
"Verciid pH third sr.orttages. estates in pro-
Jistc interoM in estates, legacies, undivided
irterWlF. aoccritits, manufacturing and mer-
c rtiie inteit^tf. ¦•crj»oraticn loans. Room 10,
Ut floor! <:h:o::xl<* Mug. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
a RELIABLE ccrjK.ratlon established in 1S03.
* proper piece ta borrow money on diamonds, j
-ev.tlry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office," i» Giant av.. nr. Mkt.: tel. Black 3471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 1Q3 Grant ave., near
Geary 6t. : phone Red 1U03.
J1IGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
. i , .,- — ¦ -
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lr.dorscr or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
/ annum. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
I.OAXf on pianos, furniture, no removal, lihra-
ries. poods in warehouse, etc.; any am:.; low-
cs=t rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery et.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden- j
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldic. 301 Jones.
On real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages. & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER. S27 Market, room <J1S.
CN furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: pasy terms; no brcker-
a*re: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room CS.
$10 ud on furniture, piano?: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bid*.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
conimis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bid jr.
CX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, lift McAllister ft.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
bay it. A. E. RfDELL 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser: -nther proposi-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS mnney en salary: no lndcrser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Q->.. "'*> Phelan bldg.
MOSEV WANTED.
WANTED — $li"«X>: no asents; Interest 10 per
cent: sub-urban fecurity. Boi 2233. Call.
MIS1CAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE~rnonth of January Is a "special sale"
month for all who buy pianos from us. as
we take our annual invoice February 1 and
f-' went to turn out as much stock as possible.
Improve this opportunity to get one of the
k . l-est pianos made for a price not much more
than a oteap-prade instrument is often sold
for. All cur pianos are fully warranted.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market St. '
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new end eecesd-haad. Is the largest west
cf Chie&ro and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
«sty payments of J8 per month: some icood
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY Jk CO.. Eteisway dealers, corner
Kearny ond Sutter *ts.. San yrartci!*™: cor-
r.e.- Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oak'.an-i.
tOHMER & CO. Piano*. ~~
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Planes.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIA N* PIANO PLATES.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MATJZY. 30S-310-31* Post *t. I
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright planes from $33 up.
Second-hand cquare planes from $50 up.
6econd-hand orpins from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. EEXJ. CURTAZ &
6ON. 16 to £0 O'Fferrell. Cblckerlc*;. Mason
& Karr.'.tr.. Vose. Sterllnr pianos.
ALL makes, rent $2 up, credited If purchased;
installments $3 up; big- allowance for old
risnoE: bargains $25 up In Stein ways. Heine.
Chickerlng. etc Agents wanted for Peerless
Heine and 20 others. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.
A FULL-FIZED upright piano. *S5; dx-octav*
Mason & Hasil:n organ. $o5; Stein-way
«juare. $100; eleg-ant burl walnut Cameron
uprigM. used crly few months, $273; Bech-
ftein baby prand. almost new. EOWKRS A
SON. 23 Fifth et: IVERS * POND. Agents.
A XT piano void br as taken back any tlm«
wltliin 2 years and fall purchase price m.;-
Icwed oa c. new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a Cay to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO OFarrtll
tt.: established 1850.
A STECK. Everett. Hardman. Ludwlg. Pack-
ard. K!n£sbury or Emlth ft Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 833 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OCR pianos, the leading makers; price 1100
upward: values best in the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th £• Chnrch.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSONS Storacv. 1710 Market «t.'
WILL sarrlfif*. unforeseen circumstances, fine
large upright grand piano. 543 Turk st.
STILL renting rew plane*. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. SCO Hayes et.
(ISO — ON sale, upright grand: cost $600; make
cash offer. Room 36. 217 Geary rt.
$175— A RARE chance; fine upright.
6CHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlberala Bk.
*I2R — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
t75; Erard uta-ight. Hornung. 21« McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, rithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFES. 22 Turk ft. near Market—
Phoning*"-. Pchcbert and Stelnway bargains.
NEW nVGIENIC TREAT.MENT.
BR. ALICE J. PBATHER, late of Near York.
has i*-rmar.«ntlv located at 607 Van Ness
ave.: hours 10 to 12. 2 tc 4: phone Polk 1421.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building. 827 Market st. — Of-
fices vfcth. modern conveniences, $1S to $23.
ASHTOX & GARDINER. .
ETORE S0x30. with basement 40x80; locaUon
center of wholesale Iron and machinery trad*.
Appty at 143 First st.
OIL.
OH* tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, S10 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. ALDRIDGE. celebrated palmist; children
specialty. 1010 Larkin: no sign; read, daily.
G. L. Neergaard, president Et. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME TOSELLL eclentiflc palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Oeary and Post; tel. Black 561.
1'AIXTEBS AND DECORATOKS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; tinting done. Hartman
Paint Co.. 319 Third 6t. ; tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; •general practitioner.
Geo. P. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
ARRIVED — Ladles, don't look old; Dr. N. DB
6AVOYEKY of Part*, greatest authority on
feminine beauty, will meet you at La Vertt*
Parlors and instruct yon how to acquire and
preserve health, youth and beauty; after
years of earnest study Is able to. give elec-
trical treatment for deep wrinkles without
the knife that exceU anything ever given la
this country; electrolysis with modern Eu-
ropean method clears the face ci all blem-
lihes without pain or ecar. Phcbe Folsom
446. 1140 Market st.. opposite Hate's.
AN eleraat line of remnants for suits to onier,
f 16; with these stilts we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A COMPLEXION of beauty ts a joy forever. I
guarantee you that together with a luxuriant
head of hair or no pay. Bohemian MMU.
ROUME. 131 Post 81. room 3.
%VHY Guess T You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec patterns
*od The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
Ught in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 roonw;
jac to ti to per night; $1 CO to $6 per -week;
ire* tjus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A rm. HAT i. do you thln k? O. BERMAN. -4S
„""• nuik «> colored shirt* to order; $1 each;
- t * me M »hlte shirts; selection 300 patterns.
*222F^.S5*7'« diamonds, pearls, precious
ri?S!lwt c? ueB and curi0 » bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
H r V r^«^ SS1I l G - any et >' le . 25c: switches
from si up; shampooing, &o C ; massaging 50c-
manicuring 25c. G. LEDERER?'a Stockton.'
THE latest and best things in ladies' rea/*y to
*«•* K*«nents. tailor-made eulu «kfrU on
installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO., I'sesth!
WHITE enamel Iron beds single thr#*-nimrter
"»" £ » aa * a« «tock of iadlef ua4erww.
EAILWAY TBAVEL,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
- LESSEES ' -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T.lburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. t
6an Fraae!«eo to San Rafaal.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra
trip at 11 :30 -p. m. Saturdays — Kitra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:60. 6:20 p. m.
Saa Ratao! to San Francisco.
WKEK DAYS— «:10. 7:80.- »:2O. 11:10 a. m.'.
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
. trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10,-a:4O. 11:10 a. JH.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 0:25 p. m. *
Leave L In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. )Apr. 28. 19011 San ~Franclsca
Week I Sun- I » I Sun- I Week
Days. | days, j Destination! days, j Days.
. 7:30am 8:00att . Ncvato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10 :25a w,
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm g:2Opra
..' .-'¦ . Pulton.
7:30am Windsor. . 10:25am
5:CDpm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
• - GeyservUle,
3:30pm 8. -00am Cloverdal* 7:35pm 0 :20pm
7:30am S:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pin 8:00am and Ulclah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
.7:3Cam 111 :40am 10 :25«ua .
8:00am GuernevUle. 7:35pm
8:30pm 8:00pm «:20pm
7:30am 8:00amf Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Olen Ellen, g :05pm S^Opaa
7:30ajn| 8:00am| J10:40amjlft:25»in
3:30pm| «:00pmf Sebastopol. i 7:36pm| e:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton Toe Lyttoa
Springs: at OeyservUle for Slcaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers;, at Hopland tor
Duncan BTirrss. Highland Springs, Ketsey-
vllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklab tor Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Vallsy. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a.
Bucknell'a. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr 1 *
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. TJsal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. JDyer. «cotl»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlciet* at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcls
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. HYAN.
, . Oen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt
— -— :-i
WOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausaliro Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- -v.*,., _ tata-,-.-— . Snn- Week
9-30 A. 8:0OA. Jt43 A. .
1:45 p. 10:00 a. •"*" «3r£». dtT . lM 5 3:00 T. 3:40 r.
4U3 P. U:S0a. "'TSalt^ 4r25 *¦ *** *'
1:15p. *-"w*-*»Wi-*- |&55p. ¦
!•*,, iu Fm»rf«» to Sunratt i»4 **tan. ll.M. ,
IVfcrtOaw* IMMAK.'UrrgnXCTnatttTall.nonBlX . ¦
S- 7 ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices ': Reasonable
107 POWELL ST.i£a»ELLIS SZZZ 5056
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via'Sausallto Ferry -
Commencing September 29.' 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEI
.- '• - AND SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30.»9:30. 11:00 a. m..'
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 6:13. •6:15. 6:45 p.,xn.-
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦ --¦
SUNDAYS— »S:00.. •10:00. 'U^Oi. m., »1:15.
8:15, *4:45. 6:80. 0:20 p. m.
¦ Trains marked (•) ran to Ban Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— »5:25. 0:27. 7:45. 8:33, 10:13
a. m.. »12:25, 2:13, *3:35. 4:40, 5^0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:53 p. m. -
J EUNDAJg— 6:15. "8:00, »10:00. '11:43 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentte.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:45. 0:45, 7:53, 8:53. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. v
SUNDAYS— 8:03. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13.
S:30. 6:00, 6:45 p. -. m.^-
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 6 :C5 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. - .'¦.-'¦
— 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
Etatiohs. - .:.-•¦ -
, .- 8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan- Mills and way
stations. . • - - _• ' -
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran on
I mi l*ii Minis hlilll<litilrMllMM]Mtll!fcnnil!llstil3MlM
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABSY ST. EsUbllshrd
in IS34 for the treatment nf I'rivnw
Di-Hf isps, Laxt ilunbood. Dehlllty or
rtfcwtaa* wearfcas;on body and mind ami
Skin XXsenscs. Tbo Doctor cores *h«n
otbers fall. Try him. Charges low.
I'nrcit^MniBterd. CHllorwrit*
Dr. J. I 1 . t>IBBOM. aau Fnuidaco. Cat
SOUTHERN PACIPIO.
Tralaw !•»««• nwl nr» tin* i» wrtn.al
'. ' M.&K riCAN«:iM«'O.
(Mam Line. Foot of Market Strett) -J
. mn — Fko u D t cexbsb 8, 1331. — AriBiri
~i«O* Bkiici*. SuUuu. Elmiia. mad 8«ct»-
, ft out.) „.-.. - 8:0.1*
?I««A Vfl»\ffl«, Wintcn,'Rum8e7. ...'..... 7:33»
7 ISO a Mi^ciiiez, Sau Unuoa. Vuliejo. N»pa>
O»]i*t<g»*ii(lH*ut» Iloaa H:25r
8:#0a Daris. Woedland. Kaigtits Iiandlnfc
Maryafille. orotUK. 7s5-1»
¦:••* A tlantlo Kxpress-Og.leu and Ka«k H:'2i\
•HI«a Silo, Lmthrop, Stockton 7 :»•¦»*
»|OO*NI1«. lleudota. lU^toid. VisaUm
. PortertUle 4:33f
• i*«a Shasta Expreu-Daila, WiUlama (for
Bartlett Borings*. Wlllowj, Bed
Bluff, roitlaml.. 7s3»F
••»»» Ban .>o«e, Urermore. - Stoektnn.
Inne. Hacrameutu. PlaeanBla,
MwnriTllle. CMci. Uml Itlnlf 4i»3»
¦ »3i»» Oakdale, Chinese, Soncr*. Tufitnmna' 4i33f
. ttiOttA H«y wanl, Nikt and War SuUont.. i 1 • >*3 %
•»«Oa Vallejo Vi:H3r ¦
•tttUA Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
. i Tr»cy. Lathrop. . Stockton, Uetoe-J
Fronno and Loa Acaules 7:S3«
. •<>•* ViUlrli), Martlnm ami War Htationa «:33r
IO>OOA The UTerlaiul Llinite<l-Ozdeu, I' ou-
ter. Omaha. Chicago Sissy
f IiOOt Sacramento ItWer SteaniCTH (lliOtfy
».««r Uanlcia. Winters, Haerantenlo. -,-¦
WwMllaud, KnlutiU l^uJInt.
M»ry«fiUr, Oro»ill« ••:3.1a
SsSOf H»y wanl. Nile* and Way SUtiont.. 7tS3r
4i»«r Martlnox. Han Kaiunn. V*ilejo.
Napit, ( fellstoKft. Shu ta lloia *»'.V1r
4i«0r Nlles, LiTermore. 8tockten, Lo*!l... I3.4SF
4i:t»p Hayward. Nile*, fjsm Jine. LiTrnnora t ?»:34a
*:3Ur Tim Onl Limited — Fr«»no. TuUr*.
BakenSelil. «angn» for Santa Bar-
bara. L«>s A ncelra „. ¦•»* A
5s«0p Port Costa. Tracy. Lathxop. Stocktoa 1 » i2S a
SiOOr Martlnn,. Antloch, • Stockton. Mer-
oed, Fresno l*;2Sr
O:o« r Ha/watd, Nile* anil Saa Jom 7;3Sa
f*>e«F Vallejo ; IIi23a
•i<M»r Orient*! Mall — Ogrfen. Denrar.
Omaha, St LouU, Chlongo «**S*
7l«*r OretOll and California KlL>ratul.Ha»-
rviifliitn, MarjsTilla, It.-l.lhiK.
l'orklanil. 1'ngat Hound and Kut 1(394
¦in.lpSaa Pablo, Pork Cotta, MAitlaes
and War otatloua 11>Ma
_|g«o.ir vaiipjo..... ?»aaf
COAST LINE [0*nww lia*««}.
(Foot ot Market 3 treel.> '
•il»A Newwrk.C'eiiter»ilIe,«an Jo«e,Ket»on,
BouWerCre»k,8anta0raiandWar
Station. .* »••«•
1*i I By Newark. CeatorrlUe. San Jom, Sr.«
- Almailen, Faltou. Huulder Craek, ;
Saute Orax mad Principal Way
Station* !•¦!»•*
4>l3r Newark. San Jote. ho* Gates fSiSO*
«».3op Banter*' Traln-a»n Jom and Way
Station* V7JMf
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. :
f rtm SIS IU5CISC0— Fmi <tl Xaikit Slrwt (S&B 8>— t
17:15 »:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 J:33 S:15p.«.
r«aiOiiU!ij_riii.f3t»i«,j.-ttt;oo |a.w tSjOf
10:00 t.M. 12:00 1:03 t:Q3r.M.
¦' COAST IjINE (Broa.l (J*ag»).
¦ (Third mid Town— nd Sto.)
' Oil Oa San Joae and War Htattona.... ...... *>*•*
7:00a Hau Jom ami War SUtloiu... 19f—»
/7>«»a New Aliraden.. J 4il9t
•iOOa Coast Line Limited — 8aa Jom,
Gllmr. SaHoaa, San Lois ObUpo,
Banto Barbara, Loa Angeles and
ruindp*! Intermediate stations.... 10:4 <•>
•¦••a H»» Juaa. Tie* Finos. H«uU (.'nix.
-. r«eiile tiro.-. Haunaa. 8am Lids
Ob'ipo and Priadpai lntermedUto
:- - Stations <«lt»
10i30A8sa JcscaudWtrBUHoni. «i.i«4 •
llta»A Nau .lose and Way HUttmis !I;I«A
t*i«3y San Matm. ltedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .San t* Clara. HauJow,
' Txas Pino*. Kauta Crux, Ballnas.
Monterey »...! l'.cIBc (irni flO>4aa,
8:SOr H sn Joae a»d W*7 Htatloua.. ....... l>3»»
MslSr flan Joseaml Principal WayfltaUons 9i3*V
<i»Or Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wcdnw- »
diyg, Friday^", for Los Arjelex, El • -
P»»o Nev Orleans and N«w York -
Arrrrea Honda j». T-neadajs and
Thur»di7» lOtlSa
tSi««r San Joae, Lea Qatoc and Principal
Way Station*... fH:OOA
Or30rSaii.Io«eaa4 Principal Way Station* 0:.1O»
«:3Or San Jose ami WayHUtlous MW
7:00 r New Orlsaoi Eiprw"* — Haa Lois
. ObUpo. Santa Barbara, Loa An-
lalea. Dtnfnx. El Faso, New Or-
leinaand East.. 7:394
«Illt«Sr 9an Jo«.»i»l Way Station* 7i34)>
A fer Morniug-. P for A fternoou.
t H iiii<»a» ezoepted. J Hnnday only.
/Tnrrfaj* and Fridayt^
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
. .- ¦ -. ..CARD OF THANKS.
: We desire to extend . heartfelt ' thanks to
our friends for their kindness and sympathy
in our bereavement ".over the loss of our late
kWlfe and mother, Caterina Devoto." ' ¦ . , •
. ANTONIO, DEVOTO AND FAMILY.
DENIKE— In Berkeley, January 12, 1902, en-
tered . Into rest. ' Catherine - Denike. beloved
¦ mother ' of -' Mrs. .' Joseph Fox and A. R.
. and W. H. Denike. a : native of Ireland,
. aged- 67- years 10 months and .15 days. .
.- CTFrlends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully, invited - to '• attend - the funeral < to-day
(Tuesday), at j 9 :30 o'clock. '> from - her \ late
. residence, corner Bancroft way and > Spauld-
ing avenue, -.thence ;.to ¦ St. * Joseph'-s Church,
Berkeley, where a solemn requiem high. mass
will be 'celebrated for the repose of her soul, J
at 10 o'clock: '.Interment St. Mary's Ceme- j
,' tery, -.Oakland;-.:, ¦ . ,V ; -. . ¦ '.'¦' -' j
FARENK AM— In. this city, January 13. i 1902,
at 426 Post street,'- Olof Ferdinand t Larsen
¦ Farenkam,' < a native of Denmark, aeed-SO^
years. — - :.. ' , • . '' % '
FUOG— In .this iclty, January 12^ 1902, : Mrs.
Katherine .Fuog,' 'beloved mother of :C. J.
Frisch, ; a . native ' of Switzerland, ; ased 72
, years. • ¦ . ,;..-.::. :¦ ,'_._¦, * ..,-.;¦ , ¦ .
. gy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),- at 1 o'clock,' -from the: parlors
of H. F.Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis»ion street,
.between Seventh . and Eighth.' Interment
¦ Mount - Olivet Cemetery. , :
GILMORE— In this *• city, January 13, 1902,
: Cecil. Hazel, beloved daughter of William
and Rose ¦ Gllmore,' a native . of San Fran-
cisco, aged : 1 year 5 ¦ months and 14 days.
GREEN— in this city; January 12. 1902. Har-
old, belox-ed son of John W. and Rosie Green,
and brother ' of MerVin '¦¦ and the ¦ late Lloyd
; Green, and grandchild of MrB.- J. S. Mc-
Curfly, . and . nephew . of Lillian McCurdy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 years and 10
..months. (Virginia City papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the • funeral to-day
(Tuesday), . at 1- o'clock, from the residence,
-of his Barents, 1014 Noe -street. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.' ¦ -,
HAWKINS — In~ Alameda,' January 12. 1902.
James W. Hawkins, beloved father of Mrs. .
.Jane E.- Harvey, a. native of Virginia, aged
S3 years. and 6 months.. ' ' ¦ \' •
HELLWIG— In this city, January 12, 1902,
Frederick, beloved ! father of Charles A', and
Herbert F. Hellwlg, a' native of San Fran-
' Cisco, aged 64 years ;1 month and 22 days. -
. (CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited - to attend \ the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at . 2. o'clock,, at' his late resi-
dence, ¦ 971 McAllister j street. Interment I.
O. O.-F. Cemetery.- ' ¦'. ' ¦.' ¦
JACOBS— In this city, January -12. 1902. Isl-
dor,- dearly, beloved husband of Pauline Ja-
cobs, father of . Mrs. . Celia Betzel and Jake
Jacobs, and- brother of Mrs. H. Schoenberg
and L. Jacobs, a native of Strassburg, West !
Prussia; aged 71 years! 2 months and 5 days.
' ityFriends are reBoectfully invited to 'at-
¦ tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, -at his late residence,
. 1308% Ellis street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity . Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train'from
Third and,, Townsend streets. Pleaee omit
flowers." - -: . -'¦ ¦
JOHNSON— In this "city. January 13, . 1902.
Thomas Johnson, a native of Ireland, aged
7a years. > • - ¦ .: '• *
KITTLER-^-Af ter * a IJnzering illness, In this
city, January 12, 1902, Roman, beloved hus-
band of Augusta Kittler, and father of
Charlie, Max and) the late Frankie Kittler.
a native of Ocestereich, . Germans', aged 41
yeara 5 ¦ months and ': 16 days. f* , ¦ "¦
E7Friend3 and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral - to-day
(Tuesday),', at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, I 50 Clementina . street, between First
. and ' Second; - thence to the Church of the
Good ¦ Samaritan. • 246 . Second street, : where
; services .will; be held, commencing at.' 11:30
o'clock. '. Interment Mount Olivet - Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from First- and Har-
1 rison streets. -¦ • .- . *. .
LAWLEY— In this" city, January 11, 1902, Jo-
hanna, wife of. Michael Lawley, and mother
of Maggie. John, - Ella. . Thomas, ' Annie,
, Michael, May and Katie Lawley and Mrs.
James ¦ Hore," : a native .. of Ballylongf ord, -
County Kerry, Ireland, .-", ,'•
C?The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at "8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 39C5 Eighteenth street, thence to
. Mission Dolores -Church, *where . a requiem :
higli mass will be Celebrated for the repose
. of her soul/ commencing at 9 o'clock.. In-
terment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, January 13. • 1902, at
fitw'/i Bryant street. Edward F.. dearly be-
loved husband of Mary Lyons, and father of
.the late Edward Lyons, Mrs. Hart, Mrs.
Walters . and William, John and Thomas
Lyons, a native of Tuam, County Galway,
Ireland. : ; ¦ . - .
Cy Notice of funeral hereafter. :
MCDONALD — In this city, January 12, 1 1902, .
- Lillian Anne, dearly beloved daughter of
Patrick and the late Anna Rice McDonald,
and devoted sister of William, George, Clara,
Charlotte and Walter McDonald, , Mr3. Frank
Drady and the late Mary and Joseph Mc-
Donald, a native of San Francisco.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), '¦ at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 223 Fulton street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where, a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the' repose
of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage. ;.*¦
MAGOONIS— In this city. January' 13, 1902.
George, beloved : son of the late Zacharias and
Ellen Magoonis, brother of -John. James and
the late Thomas and Christine Magoonis, and
brother-in-law ' of v Mrs. ¦ Nellie • Magoonis, a
native of San ' Francisco, - aged 29 years H
* months and 4 days. -' ' . ¦¦ .
in?"Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from . his late
residence, J 23 Wood • street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, between Scott
I and Devisadero, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for: the repoee
of his soul, 1 commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. • " ~ .
MAGUIRE — In- this' city, January 13. 1902, at
. Our Ladles' Home, 33 Rincon place. Mrs.
Margaret Magulre. a native of County Ca-
van, Ireland, a*ed 72 years., sM
MANDEL— In this city, January 13, 1902,
Hannah L. Mandel, beloved mother of Louis
and Hattle Mandel. daughter of Mrs. -L.
Rothschild, and slater of Mrs. .1. W. Gold-,
man, Mrs. N. - Gerson, Mrs. B. Grunbaum,
5 Mrs. E. Tauszky and.Henry and Lulu Roths-
child, a native of New York, aged 55 years
4 months and 13 days.
ICrFriends and ¦ ccquaintances are respect-
> fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at -10 o'clock, from ¦ the resi-
dence 'of 'her mother, Mrs. 'L. Rothschild,
1918 Pine street. Interment private, at
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11 :3O .o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit • flowers. .. : j
MOULTON— In this city, January 13, 1902,
Floyd, beloved husband of Margaret Moul-
ton, and father of Mrs. T. F. Bell, a native
B - of New York. - aged 5G years 4 months and--
1 13 days. \ - N :~ ' , "' .
RYAN — In this city, January 11. 1902, Patrick.
¦ beloved husband ot Dellia Ryan, and father
of Christopher, Dellia, - Annie and Mary
Ryan, and brother of William Ryan, Mrs. '
. Ann Ryan and Mrs. Nolan, a native of
County TiDoerary, Ireland, aged 57 years.
(ry Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully • - invited* to ~ attend the funeral ' to-day
* (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from hi3 late resi-
dence, 411 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHOTT — In, this city, January .12. 1902,
Charles F., dearly beloved eon of the . late
John Schott and Mrs. Jennie ¦ Daniels, and
brother of Fred H. Schott, a native of Rock-
lin, Cal., aged 28 years 2 months j and 20
days. ¦ V -:-.'¦- . .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral . to-day
' (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock.' from the parlors
of Valente, Marini &. Co.. -1524 Stockton
SMITH— In this city, January 12, 1902, 'Brld-
get, dearly beloved ¦ wife of James Smith,
mother of Lizzie,, Joseph J. and Edward F.
' Smith, and sister of the late Mary Reardon,
a native of- Ireland. : ' try
¦ • ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 15 Kate 'street, oft Bryant, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn - requiem 1
mass will be • celebrated ' for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o' clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery- - : ; ';,
SHEPPARD^-At Point - Arena, ¦. Mendocino
(County, January 12, 1002, Isabella Sheppard,
beloved wife of Joseph Sheppard, a native of
Pictou," Nova Scotia, aged 88 years and 10
months. — : i ' .'
SPRINGER— 'In- this city, January . 13, 1902,
George H. Springer,' beloved husband of the
late Mary - Springer, and father of Mary,
. ! Geprge ' and | Benjamin Springer, a native of
| - ; Holland,, aged^.77 years 7 months and. 17
• days. ' • -
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
., fully Invited to attend' the funeral -to-day
(Tuesday).- at 2: o'clock, from the* funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318
. Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
SWENSON — In< this city, January 13, 1902,
¦ i Peter C." GY Swenson, late of Stockton, Cal.;
beloved <»usin ; of , A. W. Anderson and Mrs.
¦ . B O. . Jacobson. a native i of Sweden, aged
68 years 9 months ' and 15 days. (Stockton
. •' papers » please s copy.) • ; • .
".- IC" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 16, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
' ' between Fifth - and. ' Sixth. '-¦ Interment ' Cy-
• press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leav^ Market-street Fsrry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
• "- Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San. Fran 7:20 a 8:00 a S.OOp 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10 :1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
** Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:30 n
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27p 8:05a
" 'Visalia.. 3:39p 5:00a..
•• Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20p 7:45a
' " Kan. City 2:40a 7:3Oa
•" Chicago. 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. tram ia the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class ¦ passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. la Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, -which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. ¦
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FRENCH BARK^ MAX: TAKEN^ DURirfelTHE ! JviSIT OF THE FEDERAL INSPECTORS.
According to. the Pall Mall Gazette the
British workingman has almost aban
doned his clay pipe and shag in favor of
the 2-peniiy packet of cigarettes.
Corset Specials for This
;' Sapphire corsets, $2.50;* Royal -Worcester
corset,, black, Jl.25 1 quality,; 65c." 'All "cor
sets fitted. -'Chester r F.% Wright, * 6 , Geary
st., cor. Kearny, first floor, upstairs, : "
« Captain H.-H.- ; Weaver,- one of 'the sur
vivors I of the ,Walla \Walla wreck, \ came
do^vn ' from Eureka 'on ! Sunday ".- night . and
is now at St. Luke's Hospital. undergoing
treatment for the. damage wrought by the
violence and exposure following the col
lision. While the , doctors hold out hOpes
for his ultimate recovery, Captain Weaver
is at present a' physical . , .
.He was badly bruised by.< the .'wreckage
and is suffering from sprains and strains
innumerable. So intense has his. suffering
been that- the, captain' has repeatedly ; ex
pressed regret, that* he - did' not - go down
with the steamer. >He will remain at St.
Luke's for.an indefinite period.-' •¦ ' ¦ : r -.
Serious Condition.
Walla "Walla -Survivor Is in: a Very
CAPTAIN WEAVKR DJ" HOSPITAL
In the* afternoon the examination of
witnesses was continued. Charles Larsen
was the first one called. He stated that
he was . in • bed , before the collision, and
being unable to sleep had arisen to smoke
a pipe. When he felt the shock he rushed
up on deck, and on discovering what had
happened ran back to his bunk and hur
riedly dressed himself. He said that when
he came on deck he saw red and . green 1
lights on the Max. The witness said he
helped to place passengers in his boat and
that he was the last one'in it. He^fur
ther stated that there were thirteen peo
ple in the boat and that one of the pas
sengers was in charge.. They were picked
up by the. Dispatch at 10:30 that day. - »',
Larsen volunteered the information that
some, of the sailors or firemen were drunk
the night before and had quarreled. In
spector. Bolles . questioned :^hlm closely. .
"Do you say that some of the' crew were
k drunkr he waa asked, : .
States Sailors Were Drunk.
Shortly before noon yesterday Messrs.
Bulger and Bolles, inspectors of hulls and
boilers, who are conducting the investiga
tion, visited the French bark Max,: which*
is lying at Green-street wharf. They- were
shown over the vessel by Captain Beholst.'
The officials made a thorough- inspection.
They noted how the Max was injured. and
questioned the commander very , closely ."
Captain Benoist produced his charts and
explained- the course of -the -vessel.- -He
showed the inspectors pieces of- glass that
were a part of the Walla Walla's . red
light, which' had fallen on the deck of the
vessel after the collision. They also ex
amined the plates and pieces of "heavy
woodwork that once were a part^of-the
lost steamer. They came to > the" conclu
sion that the heavy collision bulkhead of
the Max alone saved' the French bark
from going to the bottom.
hours before the collision some
of the sailors or. firemen who slept' over
the steerage were drunk and quarrelsome.
Another, important bit. of testimony was
given by McC. Lingan, a quartermaster
on the Walla Walla, who stated -that
when he - went'to the charthouse to read
the log he found Third Officer Hughes.
who was in "charge of the ship," leaning
against the starboard window. . Lirigen
further testified that he was relieved .by
Quartermaster Wilson at eight, bells, or 4
o'clock. • • • '-
AT the investigation into the col
llson between the Walla -Walla
and the*Frenc'h"b"afk"Max yes
• terday Charles Larsen, a sec
ond steerage passenger, • testl
.- .fied under, oath ' that : some
the steamer that trip and was assigned to
lookout duty from?2 to 4. o'clock; that he
was relieved from duty by Quartermaster
Wilson at 4 o'clock; He said Wilsqn was
completely dressed and did not act out of
the- way. fin Reporting off the witness. said
he ha<F informed Wilson* there' were no
lights in sight; that he had then gone to
the charthouse to read, the log. -,He ¦ said
he. found/Second .Officer Lupp: and. Third
Officer Hughes in :the house; .that' Hughes
was standing at' the starboard forward
window: ; He .then.; went" -below." to .verify^
'the compass, and having done so returned
to the , charthouse : on. the portr side, -but
did, not find. Officer Hughes on the' bridge.
He said ..be : opened the lee. door of the
charthouse. and, Hughes was still :there. %
This, testimony will be appreciated when
it ¦ is 'known that 1 the night was a stormy
one and that the glass of the charthouse
became very wet| -and It 'was impossible
for, one (inside to see any distance. It will
be remembered ,that'Lookout Johnson tes
tifledtthat" when he ; saw the white -light
on the 'Max'; he went, to the bridge and
personally reported ' it'. > On > returning : to
his post he saw. the, green light of the ap
proaching, vessel,- and instead of- properly
reportlng that he stood in his place at the
bow of :the boat' and yelled, "Green - light
on the. ;port -side."' He admitted he did
not remember- whether he received an an
swering hair from the bridge.'- V '
: The investigation will continue this
morning at 9:30 o'clock. *¦ .
' r McC.'Lirigan, quartermaster of the'Wal
-la^Walla, gave the • most I important testl-
L monyof the day.* He said he had joined
Hughes Was in Charthouse.
' H. Harris, the steward , of j the S Walla
Walla, "and O. Johnson and . C. Marcia,
sailors I on I the j ill-fated 8 steamship, j were
then examined. They testified that they
did : not j see lights on , the .: Max; • and told
of v the* efforts * made to . save >- life by - of
flcersand crew. Their' evidence was simi
lar to. that given by other, witnesses. .
The ' inspectors . closely, questioned -the
•second mate, because. testimony had been
¦given' by the captain and crew of .the Max
•to the effect that they thought thesteam
,er : had continued on her course. .The wit
,nesa swore that Captain : Parker, had; mis-
i .-understood him. • - >•¦
\ Charles , Le Chevalier, » second > mate ¦' on
the Max, was called and questioned about
4. -statement he-made to O.*-W.v Parker,
captain' of v the .Washtenaw. 'The master
of the latter vessel had stated in an af
fidavit,-now. in the hands: of -the inspect
ors, that- he spoke the Max on January.2,
and had gone to her because -he saw 'her
signals of . distress; , that . awing, to | his '- in
ability to them the . first mate
and Le Chevalier; had come. to his vessel
in. a small boat and asked for a tow, stat
ing their vessel had been ; in a - collision:
He said : Le Chevalier,' • who ' •' was • .. the
spokesman, informed • him . that the steam
ship, -containing passengers and crew, had
.sunk. .•• — --- — :¦¦:•<, .. •-, ¦ .-.- ,¦;¦;._.,.. ..¦.-.¦_
Contradicts* Captain* Parker.
I "Every thing , was ' quiet toward evening.:
•About 10 o'clock -some sailors 'or' firemen.;
who had' their'- sleeping- apartment above
us, were drunk- and quarrelsome. Some
were drunk and were fighting down in -the
forecastle," he replied. ¦ ,., •¦
"How were the officers? Were they lout
of the way?" Inspector Bolles asked. -' ,
'. ' "No, sir; they were all right." ¦ ;. : - ¦' ' " j
'Peter Schofleld, a coal passer on'- the
AValla Walla, was then called. He. said he
had : made .four trips on the steamer. 1 . He'
was . closely, interrogated, > because he was ;
' one "of the three men who were picked up'
by t the Dispatch., ..Charges .of .cowardice
"were made against these menfor not tak-'
ing- passengers ;in - , the ',boat.> .The:witness
testified that when the boat was lowered
from the- deck of the Walla Walla.it was
swamped .by. reason. of some, one letting; go;
of . a that held 'the. boat;t that tne
seven people in the boat were thrown Into
the. water, 'and only himself and two oth-;
ers were able to cling to it. ; . ; . / ¦ 5L '-'.' ?
- Schofleld said they got- into th'e.boat and;
bailed < out, .the .water.", and .then •-, drifted
away;^that . they were heading; for-.'Men
docino light when 'resetted.'',' ¦¦•-.¦¦ ; i - • -
The police are now satisfied that Al
bert Bentley, who was assaulted by foot
pads on the night of January 5. was not
beaten to death' by them as was at first
supposed, but that he died from natural
causes. An autopsy held! yesterday re
vealed the fact that death was due to an
abcess of the right lung.
Was Hot Beaten to Death.
Testimony of; a Sensatio^
vestigation Into the Collision ; Between "the r -M^
Steamship— -Inspectors, Visit ! Examine the French : Bark
Yesterday Major Boxton was asked if
Crimmins did request him- to vote for
Phelan's man Fay. In reply he said:
"Yes; Crimmins wanted me ,to support
Fay." ."• ¦ :¦ ; • •/ V '¦':. ¦
"Did you ¦ talk with Crimmins on the
¦subject?"..-; ;.: _ " . , - ; .
"No, he -sent Williams tosee me and
make the request." ; •'¦ :
¦"You mean Ed Williams?"
•!Yes.". - •- -.-.¦ ,:¦ .:,• v. ; ' ¦¦';" . . ,
•-."Major,- do you not consider that :you
were one of the.' Supervisors that received
a -very; large majority, and one that is
under no . obligation .whatever to Crim
mins?"- , ' : ' V
"I do not consider that I owe my elec
tion' to ( Crimmins," ; Boxton ' replied, ' "but
' I ¦;. understand ' that > he * stood • out ; for my
nomination. ,; I believe now that : I - could
have won • outside . of the combination in
the ? convention, but I ; was ¦ not in .much
favor with the controlling Influences. I
was told that -my action in : voting with
the Democrats'; ¦ . a .; -reduction- of the
hydrant ' water ¦ rates caused . the ' corpora
tions j to - regard ; me i with displeasure. I
am! bound; to , say that 'Crimmins favored
my nomination.; I . did not promise . Behan
to 'support; him, but I' have no hesitancy.
Major ' Boston's
Immediately after Mr. Russell's demise
the battle for the clerkship was reopened.
Fay, entered the "contest .backed by the
influence of Phelan. Behan 'had support
ers in the board and they urged him to
become a; candidate. Among the Super
visors who believed that Behan was qual
ified, in fact better fitted for the \ place
than either Fay, or John Ryan, ¦ another
of the assistants, was Major Boxton. Be
han.was not promised the support of Box
ton, but he had, strong hopes of getting
vote. There is no doubt that Behan
and Boxton were . on confidential terms
It is also ' true that the Supervisor was
placed In a position of some' embarrass
ment. - The story goes that Mayor. Phelan
sent an agent ¦ to Phil Crimmins * hoping
that Boxton would be -instructed by the
"boss" to. stand in -for Fay. , Crimmins
heard what the messenger from Phelan
had to : say and at once requested Boxton
to vote for Fay or get excused from vot
ing. The , result was that Boxton voted
for Ryan. , - • -. -
After Russell's Death.
secretary, took a fancy for the. board's
clerkship and at once sought 'the support
of P.helan. the friendship manifested for
Behan In the Mayor's ¦ office vanished
when ' Fay appeared as a supplicant for
the place upstairs. When Russell was
enlightened concerning the trend of af
fairs he directed Dr.- Younger to with
hold the letter of resignation and filed a
request for sn extension of his leave of
absence. It Is certain . that Russell pre
ferred Behan to Fay, as the former had
some knowledge of the duties pertaining
to the office. Unquestionably Russell
would have chosen Elliott if politics had
not- intervened, but he,saw\at once that
a Republican would have no chance in a
Democratic Board of Supervisors.
IXMCDOX. 5».n. 13. — The "White Star Line
rteamer Celtic, which is to sail from Liverpool
January 15, will have among her passengers
Earl and Countess Grey. '
The affair was the one topic of con
versation in police circles yesterday and
last evening. Throughout the remainder
of the day Captain Seymour detailed
many of his subordinates to capture a.B
many members of the mob as possible as
well as the prisoner they rescued.- The
latter was attired in a light overcoat and
is supposed to live on Telegraph Hill.
Late last night the detectives stated they
had a clew as to- his identity.
But the struggle was short lived. The
officer was held fast by many arms and
was soon forced to fight to protect his
own life. As he fought, his prisoner was
torn from his grasp and hustled away
through one of the smaller alleys in which
the territory abounds. As. soon as Its
work of rescue had been done, the mob re
leased the officer, half stupefied from the
heavy blows, and scrambled for liberty.
In a moment Bailey was standing In a de
serted hallway.
Bailey, recovering again, seized the
thief with one hand while he fought off
his assailants with the other. He made a
daring stand against heavy odds.
A large crowd had been attracted by
the chase and a motley mob forced Its
way through the door and closed around
the policeman and his charge. Men of all
conditions in the degrading walks of life
Infest the alley and make it their ren
dezvous. The manacled man soon found
many sympathizers among • the crooks,
thugs and degenerates who jostled in to
witness his recapture.
When Bailey started toward the door,
leading his prisoner by the arm, he found
his way impeded and ugly mutterings
came from the crowd. He ordered the
passageway cleared, but his mandate was
met with cries and Jeers. Then Teuddenlv
the attack was made. A large cobble
etone hurled from behind struck the offi
cer on the head and for a moment stunned
him. Men seized the prisoner and rushed
him forward.
Bailey then proceeded to make his pris
oner more secure to frustrate an attempt
at a second break. He took his handcuffs
from his pockets atid placed them on the
prisoner's wrists.
The thief turned up Kearny street, and
when he again reached Broadway headed
for Pinckney alley, where he ran into one
of the houses. The officer was close at his
heels, and he had hardly gained the end
of a hallway when he was clutched by
the peace guardian and thrown to' the
floor.
Is Again Captured.
der arrest and started with him for police
headquarters. As the pair were leaving
the scene a wagon drove by, and on ac
count of its uncertain course Bailey be
came slightly separated from his prisoner.
The latter realized his advantage imme
diately and made a break for liberty.
Bailey followed closely and dashed down
Montgomery avenue in the direction taken
by the fugitive. The chase was exciting.
James • W. Erwin delivered • a very in
structive lecture last evening at Pioneer
Hall on "Wonders and Glories of Califdr
nia." The lecture was given under the
auspices of the Society of California Pio
neers, and the hall was crowded to the
doors. - During Mr. Erwin's lectur% beau
tiful scenes of California were thrown on
the canvas. The views of the Yosemiter
were especially fine.
James W. Erwin Delivers a lecture.
Nothing like it before. 2000 pairs ladles"
high or low shoes for 25 cents a pair.
They would be cheap for $1.73, but tlmc3
are dull: therefore on Wednesday we sell
them for 25c a pair. Also 1000 pairs men's
high and low shoes, latest styles, hand
made, Keith's make in black or "brown or
dark ox blood, vlci kid. chrome kid. box
calf or Russia calf. They tfre worth no
less than $3 the pair, but on Wednesday
we offer them (that Is while they last)
for S1.00 a pair. Busy Bee Shoe Co., 102a
Market street, above Sixth. •
All Are Welcome.
A council of the Knights of ColumbuJ
will be organized at Golden Gate Hall
next Sunday afternoon. National Organ
izer James J. Gorman of the society Is at
the Grand and he says that there will be
about forty members who will Join the
council in this city. The Knights of Co
lumbus is an organization formed among
Catholic young men for fraternal and
beneficial objects. There are at present
85,000 young men in America who are
members of the order. The society la
very strong east of the Missouri River.
Knights of Columbus to Organize.
The vacancy in the office' of adjutant
general of California will probably be
filled by the appointment of a, civil war
veteran with a National Guard record,
although Governor: Gage has- been im
portuned by Major General Dickinson and
others to appoint some one who has been
actively identified with the National
Guard organization. Among the . candi
dates for the office made vacant by the
death of General Seamans are Major Jan
sen of this city and Colonel Ensign of
San Diego. It was supposed that Colonel
Bangham, assistant -adjutant general,
would be promoted at once to the first
place, but he is said to have informed
his friends that he did not desire the
promotion, as the Increase of the salary
for -the year would hardly be more than
sufficient to purchase new uniforms for
the higher rank. It Is surmised that
Colonel Bangham was persuaded to yield
his rights to favor some : other aspirant
for the generalship. ...... ;
Governor Gage is apparently anxious* to
settle the question before a great con
tention is created. % He has practically. of
fered the place to Colonel George Stone,
chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral ' Committee, who was an open appli
cant for the office when the Governor was
inaugurated: It is said that the Gover
nor has earnestly requested Colonel Stone
to : accept the place and that the latter
has : decided in favor of acceptance. v
The Adjutant Generalship.
It is known that Phelan made an earn
est appeal in Fay's behalf to Supervisor
Horace Wilson. The last named received
his introduction to political life in the
Board of Supervisors through Phelan.
When he declined to vote for Fay the sin
of ingratitude was charged to his account
by the Phfelanites. The story goc3 that
the argument used by Phelan to convince
Crimmins that Fay should have the chief
clerkship was that Fay had a pull on all
the commissions— that the Commissioners
would recognize him as the friend and the
agent of the Mayor who appointed them.
It is just possible that Phelan sought to
pass out a gold brick to Crimmins, but
the facts are that the little boss- is using
all the power that he possesses to hold
Fay in the office of the clerk of the board.
When Crimmins wants a man placed
somewhere he will send for Fay, and he
will expect Fay to go to the Fire Commis
sion, Police Commission, Election Com
mission, Board of Works or Board of
Health and ask for something on Phe
lan's old account. A Commissioner refus
ing may be called an ingrate, but Phelan
cannot remove him from office, as he re
moved Blggy. -j j .-•.'.
Major Boxton does not owe anything to
Phelan, but he considers that Crimmins
stood by him when others were threaten
ing to do him up in the convention. He
would like ; to Oblige Crimmins, but can
not see his way clear to vote for Fay.
Hespeler, who is also known as Hes
per, refused to discuss his arrest, except
to say that he would prove his innocence
at the proper time. He claims that his
home is in Canada, and that at one time
he was a member of the provincial police.
In saying that I regard him. better fitted
than Fay for the position of chief clerk.
I voted for Ryan. There was no Repub
lican to vote for."
Several I worthless ' checks which Hse
peler' evidently intended to pass were
found in his grip. They were all drawn
on the Santa Monica Bank and were for
amounts ranging from $25 to $100.
Last evening Ryan and O'Dea ascer
tained that Hespeler was living in a pri
vate house on Twelfth street and they
set a watch on the place. Shortly before
7 o'clock a messenger boy went to the
house, and presenting a note from Hes
peler was given a grip containing some
of his property. The detectives followed
the boy to a saloon on Market street,
where Hespeler was waiting for him.
Recognizing him as the man who was
wanted for passing bogus paper, the de
tectives placed him under arrest and took
him to the City Prison, where he was
locked up in the "tanks." A search of
his clothing revealed a check book, the
property of the Santa Monica Bank, and
$00 in eold.
Fining himself short of money, he
passed a fraudulent check, it is claimed,
and came to this city. Shortly after his
arrival here Hespeler went to the Frank
lin Hotel and succeeded in inducing Van
Loon, the proprietor, to cash a check
drawn on the Bank of Santa Monica for
J1U0. ; Van Loon presented the check for
payment to one of the local banks and
the following day he was surprised io
learn that the paper had been repudiated
by the president of the Santa Monica in
stitution. He at once notified - Captain
Seymour, who detailed Detectives ityan
and O'Dea to run down Hespeler. While
the detectives were searching the city
for him a telegram was received by Cap
tain Seymour from the president of the
Santa Monica Bank, asking him to arrest
Hespeler for passing worthless checks on
the southern watering place.
A well dressed middle-aged man, giv
ing his name as A. E. Hespeler, was ar
rested las^t night by Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea for having passed a bogus check
for $100 on S. Van Loon, proprietor of .the
Hotel Franklin. Some time ago Hespeler
arrived in Santa Monica and cut a wide
swath.- : ' ¦
Another fact that increases the mystery
is that the same person found both head
less bodies. He says that he found a
third corpse ten days* ago. but that be
fore he could notify the authorities it had
disappeared.
As no residents of the island are miss
ing, the mystery increases and the au
thorities are of the opinion that murders
have been committed at some point up the
sound; that the heads have been severed
to prevent identification and the bodies
cast into the water, and that the fides
have landed them on Whidby Island.
PORT TOWNSEND, Jan. 13.— The peo
ple of Whldby Island are excited over the
finding of another headless body on the
beach near Fort Casey. Last week a
body was found with the head and hands
cut off and the clothing removed and yes
terday another body was found there with
the head severed.
A. E. Hespeler Is in Jail
for Passing Spurious
v Paper.
Mutilated Corpses Are
Picked Up Near Fort
Casey.
FORGED CHECKS
BRING DOWNFALL
HEADLESS BODIES
ON ISLAND BEACH
STEERAGE PASSENGER SWEARS
SOME OF THE WALLA WALLA'S
CREW WERE MUCH INTOXICATED
LITTLE BOSS
ASSISTS FAY
INTO OFFICE
Phelan Seeks Aid of Phil
Crimmins to Save
His Favorite. "
Influences Invoked to. Get
Major Boston's Vote for* ,.
Chief Clerk.
National Guard Pressure for Adju
tant Generalship — Governor
¦"¦" Gage Offers Position' to "
Colonel George Stone.
.There" Is an interesting story connected
with the selection of Charles Fay to fill
the office of -clerk of the Board of Super
visors. John A. Russell," the late clerk,
desired that his successor should be a
capable, well trained man. It is' believed
that Fred Elliott was brought into the
office with' 'the. understanding that he
should , receive the chief clerkship when
Mr. Russell could no longer serve. Mr.
Elliott, being a Republican, was bounted
out by Phelan to make room for a Dem
ocrat. - Some months ago, when Mr. Rus
sell talked of resigning, he fancied that
his ¦ successor would be John B. Behan,
an assistant clerk. Russell did not re
sign, however, but left affairs connected
with his 'resignation in the hands of Dr.
Younger. Mayor Phelan was apprised of
the situation and seemed to favor vthe
election of Behan to succeed Russell.
Later on Charles Fay, then the Mayor s
BOLD RESCUE
OF PRISONER
FROM POLICE
Mob Assaults Detective
and Takes Thief From
Him.
Small Alley-
Officer Bailey Is Struck by
Missiles and Be-aten in
Hanacled Charge Hurries to Means
of Escape While His Guardian
Battles for His Own,
> Life.
The rescue of a petty larceny thief from
Police Detective Bailey was accomplished
In a bold manner yesterday morning. The
officer had already handcuffed his pris
oner when he was attacked by a mob of
men In Pinckney alley, off Broadway,
struck by cobblestones and his manacled
charge liberated. As the thief had just
been arrested his name Is unknown to the
police. When first taken the culprit made
a bolt for liberty and was chased several
blocks by Bailey into Pinckney alley,
where he was retaken and his daring re
lease later effected.
Detective Bailey was on his way to the
Hall of Justice shortly after 10 o'clock
vesterday morning when he discovered a
man In the act of stealing a jug of wine
from a wagon standing at the corner of
Broadway and Dupont street. He imme
diately caught the culprit, placed him un-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1902.
12
ADV KttTlftKlffKNTS.
AMSeMTet
Guaranteed to Be serviceable,
natural looking and comfortable.
Difficult cases a specialty. If
your plates do not fit we .can
make ones -that do. Teeth ex-
tracted free when plates are made.
Ckimlrs Dental Co.
San Francisco. 133 Powell Street.
DEMGNULTY,
rfJirS WEUrKSOWN AND RKLIABLE OI>D
.1 Special 1st ewr<M Blood Poison. (Jonorrhoau. Gleet.
Ntricturv, spnilimlWmtiMw, In5|>«»tence»nd their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
OverMypnrs'pxperience.TerrnsreaponaW. Hour*.
9to3dally,G:30to3.30eT'ss. Sundays. 10to 12. Onsul-
taUontreeaadsacredly confidential. Call or address
i P. itOSCOE aieXCLTY, II. D.
. 2GH Kearsy St., »an Jb'ranei*co, C»l.
ill f c5 ~- £===$
MSM GOOD judge must have both experience
<j%&0 and learning. A housekeeper should
lHHi be a good judge for she too must have
experience and learning or she may think that
the soaps made to look like Ivory Soap are just
as good. With experience she will know
that they lack the remarkable qualities of the
genuine. Ivory Soap— 99 4 >iob per cent* pure.
a COFYfllOHT 1I«» IV THE MOCT1R A &AMILC CO. CINCINNATI
APVJami^SETVT'EITTS.