IP developed yesterday that Eleanor Fuller was strangled to death by a man with whom she had been acquainted before she answered the advertisement which he had placed in the morning papers simply to meet the girl
under its protection and thi\s allay the suspicions of Mrs. Fuller, so he could successfully carry out his hellish -plot ;- r ¦ -
The police are now concentrating their efforts toward discovering the identity^^ of John Bennett, the man who' lured Eleanor Fuller away from home. In his elaborate plans to avoid detection the murderer made
several blunders and left clews by which Captain Seymour hopes to eventually track him down. * ,
The police are convinced that John Bennett is the man who rented the Sutter street flat under the. name of C. B. ; Hawkins and. later, under the name of Scott, bought the bed on which the girl was murdered.
ELEANOR FULLER A VICTIM OF HIDEOUS
DEATH AT HANDS OF BRUTAL STRANGLER
S. T. COREY, telegraph op
erator Merchants' Terminal
Association, burned.'
VANCE MARTIN, civil en
gineer, Indianapolis, burned.
A. J. ALLEN, Sedalia, Mo.,
stonemason, burned.
C. E. CANTROUT, carpen
ter. • . ¦,;¦;.,..
B. F. WOODLEY, employe
Hamilton-Brown Shoe Com
pany, burned.
J. A. McMTJLLEN, carpen
ter, burned.
GEORGE THOMPSON,
switchman Terminal yards,
burned to death.
SARAH HARRIS, colored
chambermaid, burned. '
JOHN C. LUEDEBS, skull
fractured in jumping from
third-story window.
MORBISS YALL, senior
member of the firm of Yall,
Clark & Cowen, manufactur
ers of fine cut glass; formerly
of Chicago; burned to death.
TOBIAS DAiVIS, man about
town; suffocated. . ; ¦< '
ELEVEN VICTIMS
OF ST. LOUIS FIRE
erable delay In turning. in an alarm, and
when the engines finally . reached ; the
Continued on Page Tow
Continued on Page Five.
Continued on Page Five.
girl and had met her at various places
downtown. This fact is established by
the stories of Madge Graham, the 13-year
old companion "of Eleanor Fuller, ami a
young -man who works in the grocery
store near ( the f house where the Fuller
family lived at the time of 'the girl*? dis
appearance.': Both had heard her talking
to Bennett over r the 'phone. To Madge
:Graham* she admitted, that she had i
friend named Eennett, who wa3 always
well dressed and plentifully supplied with
money.. ; On two or three occasions about
two or three weeks before the murdered
girl - dropped ' out of sight Madge_Graham
The man who^sent the note to the Ful
ler home and signed himself John Bennett
when he' notified .'. the ' girl to v mee t' him j at
the* Popular, •restaurant: had' held; several
conversations- over, the .telephone with the
'It was a cowardly deed, one that rivals
even the horrifying "one* for, which' Theo
dore Durrani sacrificed j his neck . on the
gallows. , The , laid,.', his;, plans
with studied accuracy.'. He nursed his ac
quaintance"with -the y'oun'g girl .withtal
luring intrigues,- and his 1 schemes worked
.well.'.' ¦'¦¦':'' . " : :' ';; .::.•; •¦¦¦¦'¦• v.*.
Rivals Durr ant Case.
mother and subsequently, crushed out her
young life in the .vacant dwelling on Sut
ter street. ' ¦/' " . " .. ' ;
¦¦ The police care diligently searching .'for
John Bennett, the middle-aged, man who
met . Eleanor Fuller ''at the Popular ¦ Res
taurant on -Geary, street on 1 the day she
disappeared- -and when '.they. 1 locate " him
they/ are 'satisfied . that , they f will have
found ' the > foul ' fiend •'. who ; lured ; Eleanor
Fuller; away- frdmi the t bosoin. ? of:* : lovlnip
. The "identification j of- the body of Miss
Fuller was made absolute yesterday when
Lewis 1 Parlane/ the girl's brother; visited
the Morgue. , A vaccination mark on', the
lef t ' leg just below the knee" arid j another
scar, made on the 'big toe by;a nail re
moved! every .possible ; doubt in I young
Pariane|s ;mind that. ;, the remains were
those of his sister. . . ..;•.-.• _¦; ." . j
These; facts were .definitely "established
by yesterday's •developments in the. case
of the young. girl whose"; dead body was
found in ' the ' house at; 2211 -, Slitter street
Saturday. ..'Logical reasoning. and investi
gation substantiate these conclusions,' and
upon' them" the police .will • lay .their plan*
to^brlug the "unfortunate girl's ¦ murderer,
to 'justice. 1 ..¦'-. lT ;-, ;¦•"»>. v, ''-h.\f. ¦ niy-^f;.,*.-; '• ; '
. • ment;' which .her fmffrdefer inserted
in the morning 'papers was'simply a' ruse
to allay.:the suspicions of Mrs.; Fuller. '..-¦
ELEANOR FULLER was strangled
: to death. - : This was determined yes
f terday by the .': autopsy. ' The . mur
dered girl was lured.' to; her. death by,
'•a.humanflend f with:whom she was on
i : friendly > terms,- and V the .• advertise-
Assassin Makes Seyerai Blunders in His Elaborate plans and Leaves Clews by
. ; t Whjch Deftectives Hope % lEvejrrtualJfijFaSiBifn^DownTil®
NEIQHBiORS COMFORTING DIST RESSED MOTHER AND PRINCIPALS AND SCENES IN CAs£
A northerly gale gave the conflagration
its impetus and carried its burning
brands to kindle the blaze afresh at other
points. The firemen made stand . after
stand before the wall of flre, but were
repeatedly driven back and when, aid
Gale Spreads the Flames.
The fire came at last midnight and was
checked only after a desperate fight that
lasted until late this afternoon. Every
ci*y and. town within reach of Paterson
sent firemen and apparatus to the relief
of the threatened city and it took the
united efforts of them all to win the bat
tle.
way through the business section
of the city and claimed as its own
a majority of the finest structures de
voted to commercial, civic,, educational
and religious use, as well as scores of
dwellings: Hundreds of persons were left
homeless and thousands without employ
ment. A relief movement for the care of
those unsheltered and unprovided for
has already been organized and Mayor
John Hinchcliffe said to-night that Pater
son would be able to care for her own,
without appealing to the charity of other
communties and States. The great, man
ufacturing plants of the place are safe
and. the community, temporarily dazed
by the calamity, has already commenced
the work of reorganization and restora
tion.., ¦ •. . • ' ¦•...:)
PATERSON, N. J., Feb. 9.— A great
. flre swept through Paterson to
day, and In its desolate wake are
the embers and ashes of property
valued at $10,000,000. It burned its
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 8.— An early morning
fire, which destroyed the Empire
Hotel, a large thrc^-story lodging
house at 2700 and 2702 Olive street,
caused the death of eleven persons—
ten men and one woman — and dan
gerously Injured eight others. A dozen or
more who had narrow escapes from death
received less serious Injuries or were
1 roet-bitten. It is estimated that there
were between thirty-five and forty per
sons in the building last night, and it is
believed all have been accounted for. The
financial loss is nominal. Twenty thou
sand dollars may cover the damage to the
building and its contents, which were en
tirely destroyed.
Those who were the most seriously in
jured were: Harry Cline, medical stu
dent, of Marion, 111., hands badly burned;
VVaJtrr Johnson, hands burned, both legs
broken and injured internally; Henry
Bobinson (colored), night porter, badly
burned; George Lane, medical student.
Rich Hill, Mo., ankle sprained in Jumping
from eecond-story window; Harry Thomp
son, medical student, Nashville, 111., ankle
sprained in jumping from second-story
window: J. j. Lally. manager Empire
Hot«>l, back . badly sprained; Con Ryan.
burred about face; — Sturgeon, medlcai
student, back sprained in Jumping from
second-story window.
About ten or twelve others were less
seriously injured, being bruised, burned or
suffering from exposure.
Delay in Giving the Alarm.
The fire started at 3:30 o'clock, when
few persons were abroad, and gained
much headway before It was discovered
•ad the alarm given. There wae consid-
Flames Cut Off the Escape of
Guests in a Lodging
House.
Smoldering Ruins Cover Acres
of Land in the Heart of
the City.
ELEVEN PERISH IN A ST. LOUIS FIRE,
AND CONFLAGRATION IN PATERSON, N.J.,
CAUSES TEN MILLION DOLLARS' LOSS
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10,1 1902;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLU3I1: Xcl.— M,\
The San Francisco Call.SAN JOSE; Feb. 9.-In a petition filed
by Frank Awbrey asking to be aD
pointed guardian of the person" and «
tate of his aged father, Joseph AwbreT
sensational charges are made against hi<L
stepmother. Susan Pruett Awbrey and
he . r eon. Joseph Pruett. Joseph AwbfeT
who Is 72 years of age. Is a well-known'
rancher, residing on McLaughlin aven^
five miles souUi.of-this city. His f on H 5 1
Clares that thSold gentleman has an e^"
tate worth" $21,000, but is incapable of pa-"
ing for himself or hl3 prooertv nn A *£Zl
his wife and a son by a *&£& SSJriJS
propose to dispose of certain property te
longing to him. Mrs. Susan Awfirey i« «
yeras old. ' 1S w
Accuses His Stepmother
HELEXA. Mont.. Feb. 9— Lieutenant Colo
nel Ray. who was recently transferred from
ibe Eighth Infantry to the Seventh, has re
ceived orders to proceed at once to- San Fran
cisco whence he will sail on February 15 for
Manila to take command of his regiment which
i« now in the island of Samar. wnicn
Captain. Seymour is working: tooth and
nail to ferret out the deep mystery. The
story of Emil F. Bertrand, the locksmith,
who eays he went to the j Sutter. street
house on January 23 and searched it care
fully, adds additional tangle to, the mys-
"It was a well-laid scheme, but'Bennett
blundered In Its execution. In slgning v the
contract with Umbsen .& Co., the agents
for 1 the Sutter street house, th.e
murderer probably used his char
acteristic handwriting, but he had
to «Ign .the contract In j two places, and
the letters in each signature are notice
ably dissimilar. In a bold hand he signed
the name CB. Hawkins, but a compari
son of the two signatures plainly show
that he'was'not used to writing the name.
was with Nora Fuller when she tele
phoned to Bennett. The Graham g5rl
says ehe does not know where Bennett
was living or from where he talked to.
her companion. She states that Eleanor
told her he v.-as stopping at some hotel,
and In this she is borne out by the gro
cery c!erk, v, r ho once heard the name of
Bennett's lodgings, but allowed it to blip 1
from h.is mind. He paid little attention >
to the childish prattle which the Fuller ;
girl carried on with Bennett over the tele
phone. 1 ' '
¦'."*" l£adge Grahana Did Not Pry.
Madge Graham did not bother herself ;
about prying into the Identity of the mur- .
dered girl's ill-found. friend, no the police
are picking up the trail from the Popular
restaurant, where it is known absolutely
that Eleanor . Fuller met the man. The
descriptions of John Beiyiett and the
man who rented the gutter-street house
and signed himself C. B. Hawkins aro
identical. / There Is no longer any doubt
that they arfe -one and- the same person
and that the -monster : essayed the 'dual
characters to mystify the police and cover
up his tracks.
' M. A. Serebrenek, a representative of a
prominent tea firm In Shanghai, was an
acquaintance of the murdered girl and her
mother, and brother. He came here dur
ing the month of December from the
Orient,- carrying ' letters of introduction
from the Fuller girl's uncle.' Mrs. Fuller
and her daughter visited Serebrenek at
his apartments at the Palace Hotel sev
eral times. In a little leather, pocketbook
found among, the murdered girl's : effects
was a card j bearing the- name of the firm
which \ Serebrenek represented. For a
time yesterday the police thought . they
had a live clew, but the statements of Al
bert Parlanei the. murdered girl's brother,
and the manager of the Field Mercantile
Company, who say .that : they saw Serc
lircncli leave this city on the City . of
Russian Sailed at 1 O'clock.
girl, would not wllllnglv remain away
from home, even, if tempted with the
most glittering prospects.- The theory is
that her murderer: was a wily-tongued
degenerate, who promised to pay her a
flattering sum to take care of the house
hold he probably told her he would es
tablish, and in this. way he - influenced
the innocent girl, to' ".withhold her ' ac
quaintance with him from Mrs. Fuller
until he had Inserted the advertisement
in the paper and' met her under the cloak
of protection it afforded. After meeting
Bennett the day she left home the mur
derer..in all probability ordered her' to
telephone to her home and say that she
had been employed and that her duties
would commence at once. As the un
fortunate girl was telephoning Bennett In
all • probability stood • close by to
prompt her, answers, fearing, perhaps,
that the slightest mishap would - thwart
his heinous .ntentions. This theory ac
counts for the. fact' that the murdered
girl told her brother, who answered the
telephone, that, she was . at 1500 Geary
street, . and that her newly-found - em
ployer wanted her to remain there, all
night.
As this was' two days before Eleanor
Fuller disappeared, her murderer had
probably visited the house to await .< the
coming of the bed>upon which he mur
dered his girlish -victim. 1 Next ; the mur
derer was met in front "of r the. house by
Henry Asher, who. lives at 2213 - Sutter
street. He passed | a few words | with the
murderer.- as the latter, was- leaving -the
. The police are 'inclined to believe that
Bertrand, the locksmith, is trying to pro
tect himself for the reason j that he was
ordered by his employes to search the
house carefully. ; ' ' 'v ¦ '..:">.
Young Gillen was ordered to take tho
bed and bedclothes to 2211 Sutter street,
and he did so, arriving there about 6:55
o'clock that evening. He was met at the
door of the premises 1 , by a man who an
swers the description of . Bennett and
Hawkins, who told him to leave the stuff
inUhe hallway. The delivery clerk asked
the man to light the gas; so he could see
the delivery tag, but the latter, who
seemed nervous and anxious to leave the
house, informed him curtly that ' the gas
had not been turned on, - -. . ,'.
The man was fully dressed for the street
and carried an umbrella. . • ,-<,
Stranger : Stood In the Dark.
tery.- Bertrand states' that the bed upon
which the bedy of the, murdered girl'lay
was not in the back room -on '.the upper
floor, nor in any other room in tho house,
when he visited the dwelling "on that date.
Against this statement is the gtory of
.Lawrence GMerOu young man who drives
a delivery wagon for J. C. .Cavanaugh, a
furniture dealer at 848 Mission street. Gil
len say3 he delivered the bed and bed-,
clothing found ir. the room where the girl
was- murdered on the night of January S.
The articles were bought at Cavanaugh's
furniture store by a man who said his
name was ecqtt.. He told the furniture
man that Ije had rented the house on Sut
ter .street, and wa3 particularly anxious
that the scant articles of furniture ho
bought be delivered that night.
house where he committed his foul deed.
Asher noted" his general appearance cas
ually, but not suspecting that anything
was wrong he did not take pains to notice
him critically, ' ¦ '
J. W. Clift, a gripman on the Sutter
street road, adds' a bit of Information to
the tangled skein surrounding the. case
that deepens the mystery. Last Tuesday
or Wednesday an old woman, carrying a
heavy basket, rode on CHft's car and on
ncaring Pierce street. she asked the con
ductor to stop at 2211 Sutter street. It Is
a custom of- the Sutter Street Railroad
Company to leave their passengers off in
front of any number^ on th^ir line_and
Clift ; remembers distinctly that " the
woman asked him to stop in front of 2211.
She got oft the car and started toward
2213, the house next 8oor, and Clift, see
ing that she was heading for" the wrong
number, beckoned her next door. The
old .'woman turned and started up the
steps of the house where the nude- body
of Eleanor Fuller, lay dead. That was
the last CUft saw of the woman. Why
she went 'to the vacant dwelling or who
she is, is a mystery that when cleared
up may. have some important bearing on
the, case. ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦ . '.¦'"¦¦')
'Captain Seymour is convinced that
Eleanor Fuller and her murderer, did not
live in the' Sutter-street house. He de
tailed six detectives yesterday to ; scour
the neighborhood and question everybody
who might be able to give any, Information
on the . .subject. The j detectives visited
every restaurant < for blocks around tb see
if "any of them had delivered meals to the
house of mystery or if any one answering
the : description of 'the murdered girl and
her murderer 'had been in the' habit of
eating in their' dihlrig-roonie. ; ' .'•.-'-¦
• | Every /iota of; evidence thus far un
earthed by the police 'arid others inter
ested inthe solution of the mystery .sub
stantiates .the theory' that Eleanor' Ful
ler was taken, to -the house; the, day she
left home and thau she was murdered
that:night.' •'•-."»,-,.- ¦
: It is quite certain that the murdered
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupl Is con
vinced that Eleanor Fuller was strangled
to death He has made a careful exami
nation of the body and is certain that
the girl's death resulted from no other
U *i e - *P e £ wo 5 n € er marks on «ach side
of the throat and the congested condition
of the lungs induce this belief. All the
other organs of the body were in a
healthy, normal condition. The chemical
analysis " of the stomach dispels the
theory that^the dead girl was poisoned
The stomach did not contain any signs of
poison.
Hugh Grant, the attorney who was on
friendly terms with Eleanor Fuller and
who bought her a dress Just prior to her
disappearance, was sent for yesterday by
Captain Seymour. The chief of detectives
questioned the lawyer very closely for
over an hour, but he made satisfactory
explanations of his connection with the
matter.
Peking at 1 o'clock on the afternoon the
girl disappeared, dispelled all theories cal
culated to connect him with the murder.
j Mr. Gillen was then taken by a Call re
porter to the residence of Emil F, Ber
trand, at 1615 O'Farrell street, where both
again told their stories. Mr. Bertrand
maintained that on January 10 he cleaned
out the whole house, not omitting a room.
He again visited the house on January
18 and 25, making a thorough tour of
every room, and declares positively that
nothing was in any room. This evidence
shows that Bertrand either missed a
room or that the bed and mattress were
not taken to the house until after Jan
uary 25.
After leaving the house Gillen drove
¦, the boy in the wagon up to Devisadero
street ¦ and from there went home. He
places the time of his arrival at. the house
as five minutes before 6 b!clock. .The
street lamps had not yet been lit, so it
¦was Quite dark. "' . • •
On arriving- at the house Gillen thought
that he had mistaken the number, as
there was no light there. He. rang the
bell twice and was about to go next door
¦to gain Information when he heard steps
in the hall and the door opened, exposing
to view In the darkness the outline of a
man about 5 feet 6 Inches in height,
wearing a ellk hat and a frock or Prince
Albert coat. He places the man's weight
at about 160 pounds and his age between
•40 and 50. The only feature recognizable
by Gillen was a close cut mustache of a
dark color. This is all the description ;he
could give. Giilen asked the man if he
jras expecting goods from a Mission-street
house, as he had forgotten to look at the
check bill. The man asked if he meant
Cavanaugh's and he replied that he did.
'Continuing, Gillen said, "I had orders to
take the things upstairs, but he told me
to leave them right there In the hall.. 1
.asked him why he didn't light .the hall
gas, so that I could see to sign.- the bill,
¦put he said the gas had not yet been
•turned on. He stood with an umbrella in
:his hand and seemed in a hurry to leave
-the house. As I got into the wagon I
heard the door slam, as , though he hai
gone Into the house. I then heard it slam
again, and although I did not see him I
am positive that he left the house imme
diately."
. A young fellow whom Gillen did not
know asked him for a ride and rode out
with him, as he lived on Devisadero
street, but as he remained in the wagon
while Gillen carried the things into the
-house he did not see the tenant of the
Chouse.
The premises In which j the dead body
of Eleanor Fuller was found were viewed
yesterday by Larry C. Gillen of 241 Fifth
street for the' purpose of determining
whether it was at this house that he de
livered the bedding which was found
therein. Mr. Gillen found that it was at
this house, 2211 Sutter street, that he de
livered for Dealer Cavanaugh. the mat
tress, quilt and blankets which were pur
chased from him by Hawkins, who told
the dealer his name was Scott.. . Gillen
had Just got back on the eve of Jan
uary 9 from his last delivery . and was
about to put up the horse when ordered
to take the previously named articles out
to 2211 Sutter street. The man who pur
chased.the things from, the second-hand
dealer said that he was going- to move
into the house at once and wanted the.
bedding that night Mr. Schell Bald to
•Gillen that he had given his word that
¦the stuff would go out that night.
Mysterious Man Orders the
Bedding Left in the
Hallway.
TELLS GILLEN NOT
TO GO UPSTAIRS
Parlane Is at present employed at the
Russ House. He has been working there
for about three. weeks. Previous to hold
ing his pneseat position he was employed
during- the holiday season at the .Em
porium. . ¦
"It will never do' for my. mother to see
the body, for if 6he received such a shock
she would never .leave the Morgue alive.
She is a. very delicate ¦woman, and I know
that it would affect her heart."
"All doubt is' now driven from my
mind," he said. ' "That is my.: sister. I
could tell her in an instant. The, doctors
can say what they want, to, but I-am sure
that she was poisoned and also "that she
¦was brutally beaten. '-
IT was the sad duty . of Xrfswis ! J. i Par
lane, brother of the murdered girl, -to
Identify the", remains at r the/Morgue
yesterday afternoon. : A careful . in
spection of the "body enabled him: to
be absolutely' certain of Its identity, and
then he turned away, chokingrwith sobs."
The body is badly decomposed, but he
identified it by; the- forehead,. hair and a
rcare on th«^rl f s)l«ft ; Xpee;. . •.. After, he
had viewed\t^ v remalns_he;! was taken to
Captain Seymour's "office ..-and was shown
the girl's clothes, which he at once rec
ognized. *.V- ..."', '- .'¦¦;. . .. ' ...
No Doubt, He Says, That-the
Remains r ;Are_Jl^se?of
NoravEuiIeiviS. '¦". \..
Gives Way to Grief in
the Presence of
the Dead.
PARLANE SOBS
AT SIGHT OF
SISTER'S BODY
HORROR HOLDS THOSE WHOSE LOSS IS GREATEST THROUGH DREAD TRAGEDY
MISS SEARIGHT
SAYS SHE KNEW
NORA SLIGHTLY
Denies Having Had Close
Acquaintance With
ripoH Hirl
uqqu Ull It
Says Miss Fuller Called on
Her at Hale's, Where
{ She Worked.
MISS EMMA SEARIGHT was
seen at the residence of Mr?.
A. TV. Forbes, 2123 Sacramento
street, yesterday afternoon, and
denied emphatically that she
had ever seen or been, with Miss Eleanor
Fuller since her disappearance. She said
that she had. not seen the girl since she
(Miss Searight) quit work at Hale's store
on December 24 last.
Miss Searight met Eleanor Fuller in a
casual way one day while at the office
of Hugh C. Grant In the Emma Spreckels
building:, with her father, William Sea
right.
She was Introduced by Attorney Grant
and of course greeted the stranger as
any one would and told her that she was
in the perfumery department of Hale's
and that any time she was down there to
call around and get a sample of the per
fumes. It seems that the girl called
at Sale's three or four times and nothing
passed between them further than girlish
talk. After leaving Hale's Miss Searight
never saw the girl again. This was on
December 24. Miss Searlght' s mother is
dead and she resides with Mrs. A. "W.
Forbes, 2123 Sacramento street, a lady
who for years has taken great interest in
Emma and vouches for all that she says.
Mrs. Forbes cannot account for the rea
son why Kmma. should be selected as
knowing anything about the dead girl,
knowing her only so slightly as she did.
She thinks that the dead girl's school
mates would be mote likely to know
something of value to the authorities.
It is probable that Eleanor Fuller, after
having a sample of perfume put on her
dress at Male's, 'went home and her
mother, noticing the odor, may have
asked her where she obtained it. This
Is the theory advanced by Mrs. Forbes
as to Mrs. Fuller's knowledge of Alias
Searlght.
Miss Seaiight says she Is ready at any
time to testify in accordance with her
statement as being all that she knows
about the murdered glrL
DECLARES HOUSE
WAS UNTENANTED
E. F. Bertrand, the locksmith who does
repair work for Umbsen & Co., when' In
terviewed yesterday by a Call reporter,
stated positively that he went through the
house at 9?n Sutter street on the 10th,
18th and 2Sth of last month, ana that he
Is certain there -was no furniture in the
house on any of these occasions.
"There Is no chance for me to "be mis
taken," he said, "for on these visits as
is my custom I Inspected, the house thor
oughly 'and examined every room. I
locked the windows on leaving. My visit
on the 10th was on* orders from the real
estate firm to clean the premises, that is,
to remove the rubbish from the rooms.
"Before leaving the house I took the
globes from the parlor chandeliers and
locked them in a closet In the front bed
room upstairs. On the lSth I noticed that
the globes were taken from the closet and
placed in position on the fixtures in the
room where the girl's body was after
ward found. I paid no particular atten
tion to the change and dismissed the fact
from my mind, believing that some one
who had the right to do so had placed
the globes there.
"There is certainly a mistake on the
part of the furniture man If he says that
he delivered any furniture to the house
before the 23th. As I recall my visits to
the house I am unmistakably certain that
I followed my custom on these occasions
and -went through, every room and even
the basement. If there had been any ar
ticles of furniture in the house, especially
as many as were subsequently found In
that room, I would have noticed them,
and to fulfill my mission I would have
reported the matter to the agents.
"The more I think of the affair the
stronger are my convictions and no
amount of questioning could make me be
lieve that I am mistaken or create the
least doubt in my. mind."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEBRUARY 10, % 1902.
ELEANOR FULLER A VICTIM OF DEATH AT HANDS OF A BRUTAL STRANGLER
Continued From Page One
BROTHER OF UNFORTUNATE QIRL IDENTIFYING HER CLOTHES AND HEN WHO WILL GIVE EVIDENCE AT INQUEST.
•^BW YORK. Feb. F
Clune. a New lork policeman, committed
suicide to-day by shooting . rathe- than
answer charges -which- had been preferred
asafnst him. It was alleged against hln
that on the nteht of 'February 3 hlwerVt
Into n^ctsar store and .¦¦without* provoca
tion • abused a number of young men in
Fears Inquiry but Not Death.
2
1 wL .. • XpOTL^T^ Throat''
¦j|i!if^Swl&". :
- ". Diseases Positively Cured by \
; DiUOTTINGHAM'S J&
Regular graduate and expert on EAR. NOSE.
THROAT and LUNO -DISEASES T 1
264 Suiter Mreet, NW. Cor. of Kearoy
Hours, 9-13 a. mr. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m,
pnrrAN honest trial of one
rKfcfc WEEK given to show the su-
* ** perior merit of the treatment.
3000 test cases, 95 per cent cured. Call at
once or write for -free treatment.
The books say Brighfs Disease and
Diabetes are incurable, but S7 per cmt are
positively recovering. Send for panphlet.
John J. Fulton Co., 420 Montjomery
sLrstftt.
••Dear Sirs: Tours of th« 19th received and
I thank you for your information regarding the
Diabetes medicine made by J. J. Fulton. I was
permanently cured of Diabetes by this medi-
cine, and I now enjoy good health once more.
I commenced taking It March 3d and June 3th
was pronounced cured. I now enjoy my old
diet in a mild form, but advance, more on It aa
time goes by, not wishing to attempt too much
at once. I was very bad with the disease. Tie*
gravity was 1W«. «n d I wa » s ° weak that I
could scarcely walk. The physicians helped ma
some, but said there was no cure. I then heard
of and went to treating with the Fulton Cdm-
pound. and only took three bottles when I
commenced to feel better, and then kept on Im-
proving until I was restored to health.
"1 know of another case of Diabetes, an en-
gineer on the road, who had tha disease for four
years. Ha went to Tucson to die. •When I was
getting better I sent for him to coma to Sacra-
mento to so on the same treatment. On hU
return he believed no medicine would cure him.
But I prevailed upon him to try it.' This was
in May. He Is now 30 much improved that ha
Is on his engine working every day. There are
also two cases of Bright' s Disease takine It
whom I told of it. I hope some syndicate will
get this medicine and build sanitariums all
over the country for the treatment of these
dreadful diseases. Trusting I have nc*- said
too much, youra,
"CHAS..A. NEWTCC.
•'Vanlmaster. S. P. Co.. S*:to."
Upon hearing that Charles A. Newton,
the yardmaster of the Southern Pacifia
Company at Sacramento, had a certain
case of Diabetes, the business men who
were Investigating the Fulton Compounds
wrote him asking him to take it. But
they were late, as he had already heard
of it, as per his letter In answer, as fol-
d's ACRAMEXTO. July 21, 1901/
Brlaht's Disease and Dlaletes
Ape Positively Curable.
We Were
Too Late
john j. rm/roN co.Continued on Page Five.
YOUNG LADY OF SAME HEIGHT AND .BUILD AS ELEANOR FULLErT
DONS THE MURDERED GIRL'S CLOTHES AND IS SPECIALLY PHO
TOGRAPHED FOR THE CALL.
(Photo by J. A. Cahlll.)
"I met Serebrenek last May," Mrs. Ful
ler replied. "He came from China, bear
ing a letter from my brother, whose name
is Cooper. My brother and Serebrenek
are both employed by the same mercantile
house. The Count went to Russia and re-
"Nora was such a good, good girl." she
paid. "I am sure that she was cruelly
murdered in her attempt to secure her
freedom and come home to us. I do hone
that the police will search the house
where Ehe was murdered from top to
bottom. I think that she might have even
taken a pin and scratched a farewell mes
gage on the wall. She might have con
cealed a note somewhere in her clothes.
Pleaso ask the police to make diligent
search of the house and of her garments."
Mrs. Fuller said she did not remember
whether she saw Bennett's "want ad" in
the paper first or whether Nora called her
attention to it. It has been suggested
that Nora knew the advertisement was to
appear.
"Will you tell how you became acquaint
ed with Count Serebrenek, the Russian,
st the Palace Hotel?" was asked of Mrs.
Fuller.
"You must not go down and see it,"
he said. "You are not strong enough to
bear the shock."
Ever since Nora Fuller disappeared her
mother has had hopes that some day ehe
would return to her home safe and sound.
Her room had been kept In readiness for
her. The little white Iron bedstead with
Its dainty pink quilt, the pictures and cal
endars on the wall— just such as a girl
of 15 would select— are all as. she left
them weeks ago. On the table near the
bed is a handsomely bound Bible and near
it a copy of one of Nora's favorite songs.
Mrs. Fuller says that she would never
be happy until she knows that the mur
derer of her daughter had been brought
to justice for his cruel crime.
A pathetic incident occurred yesterday
•when Lewis J. Parlane, the brother of the
murdered girl, returned from the Morgue
and told his waiting- mother^ that there
was ao longer any doubt that the body
at the Morgue was that of Nora.
Mrs. Alice Maud Fuller, mother of the
girl whose dead body was found in the
house at 2211 Sutter street. Is down with
nervous prostration at her home, 14H St.
Rose'a avenue. The mental anguish suf
fered by her during the period of Bearch
for the missing Nora and the shock that
came with the ghastly find In the silent
back room of the deserted house on gut
ter street have been too much for the'
stricken parent to stand. Kind and sym
pathetic neighbors waited on her yester
day, but at every sound at the front door
bell Mrs. Fuller would spring up In bed
and ask if there was any fresh news, or
if they had succeeded In graining a clew
to the supposed murderer.
Says Serebrenek Sailed on
Same Day Jhat Nora
Disappeared.
MRS. FULLER IS
CONFINED TO BED
The fellow became so emphatic In his
remarks about how to be a successful
detective Uiat Captain Seymour finally
had to drive him from his office. *
"That Is the only way to get at the
bottom of this awful crime," he remarked
•with the air of an experienced sleuth.
"Bring them all in and you will have lit
tle trouble in picking out the murderer."
TThlle the crowd of morbid visitors was
viewing the remains Captain of Detectives
Seymour waa busy in his office listening
to suggestions from various people who
thouglit they had & clew to the mur
derer. A poorly clad individual, who im
agined he was a Sherlock Holmes, tried
to impress the head of the detective de
partment with the necessity of arresting
every suspicious character In the city.
Many Suggestions by Sleuths.
"I can't 6tand it," she tearfully ex
claimed. "My God, who could have slain
such a beautiful girl! I have daughters
of ray own, and the very thought that
one of them, might meet the same fate as
this poor child makes me 11L I pity her
mother and pray to heaven that the fiend
•who strangled her will soon meet his
fate."
The old lady was taken upstairs to
•where the ¦ body lay on a slab. As she
looked on the discolored face of the mur
dered girl her eyes filled with tears and
she requested the deputy to escort her
from the place.
An elderly •woman, dressed in black,
accosted one of the deputies and asked
permission to 6ee the body.
"Did you know her?" asked the deputy.
'"Well, no. I did not." she answered.
"but I would like to see the remains."
Several other people whe knew the pirl
In her lifetime after viewing- the remains
positively identified them, as those of
Nora Fuller.
Others Identify Bemains.
"Yes, those are Nora's garments," he
sadly said, pointing to the heap of cloth
ing found In the house in which the un
fortunate girl had met her death. "I am
thoroughly satisfied that the body in the
Morgue is that of my poor sister."
To complete the identification Parlane
¦was taken to police headquarters and
enown the clothes which, had been worn
by the dead girl.
remains of the unfortunate Nora
Fuller. Shortly after 2 o'clock Lewis
Parlane, the brother of the murdered
girl, visited the Morgue to identify the
remains. He at first was In doubt as to
whether the body was that of his sister,
but on seeing a vaccination mark on her
left calf he exclaimed, "Yes. that is poor
Nora; there can be no mistake about it."
UL. day yesterday a constant
i\ stream of people of nearly every
A\\ elation in life visited the Morgue
J^ and looked with horror on the
" Edward [ Furey^ the j former ; special po
liceman, who was arrested for, an assault
to commit '; murder, and ' who Jumped his
bonds, was apprehended yesterday • at
Prescott, Ariz. , He was identified by a
tattoo mark\on his ¦- left ' forearm. An ; offl-/
cer.wlll leave to-day to bring him back. /
Furey ¦ Caught in Arizona,
His description tajlies with that' given
of the man who purchased the bedcloth
ing and articles at the Mission-street sec
ond-hand store. Serebrenek was spend
ing a vacation in this city; having j come
here from Port Arthur, where he was em
ployed by the Oriental contracting firm of
Cornabe, Eckford & Co., which is engaged
in erecting the '¦ enormous . warehouses • at
that place for the Imperial Russian Gov
ernment. ' He had received his education
in England, and for his age, he toeing but
25 years old, he was receiving .the large
salary of $500 ; Mexican per month. This
. The signature of "C. B. Hawkins" ap
pended to the lease of the house at 2211
Sutter street, where fthe body of Eleanor
Fuller was found, is declared to resemble
that^of M. E. Serebrenek, the name of the
young man whose card was \n the dead
girl's purse.
The statement was made by an old
friend of the Serebrenek family who is
fully acquainted with the son's chirog
raphy, and when. shown the lease had no
hesitancy in saying that the signature
was very much like Serebrenek's, who was
popularly called "Mooney" by his friends
and relatives in the Orient. i ¦,.-
Signature of C. B. Hawkins
Resembles That of
Serebrenek.
CARD FURNISHES
IMPORTANT CLEW
HOUSE PROVIDES
FEW NEW CLEWS
The house at 2211 Sutter street, in which
poor Nora Fuller met * her death, consists
of four rooms on the lower floor and
four on the upper. The 'approach,from
the street Is • up a flight of about
ten steps, and the doors open into
a hallway from which runs the flight
•of stairs leading to the upper story. On
"The murder of this young girl Is a ter
rible affair /and it has affected , me very
much*. My relations with Mrs. Fuller are
not as friendly as, they were a few weeks
ago. I took my daughter away from her
house and placed her with some friends
of mine named Whitney.; Mrs. Fuller has
also asked to. substitute another attorney
to act' for | her in . my place. ._ There has
been no great difference In our, relations,'
only. that I think Mrs. Fuller, did not like
my action in removing my, daughter from
her house, i. I cannot' throw any light on
this terrible affair. 'I; saw, the police to
dayand, gave them every Information , it
was ;in my power ; to > give. I hope ; that
this crime will be sifted to . the bottom
and the' murderer of /- Eleanor "Fuller
caught and punished." ,',
"From what I j saw .of Eleanor .; Fuller
she impressed me as being a quiet; and
well-behaved 'girl, and one who is not
likely to make chance acquaintances with
strange menl . )
"I'do not. know the man named Sere
breneck, who was stopping at the Palace
Hotel and who Is supposed to be a friend
of Eleanor Fuller's uncle. I do not know
any man named Hawkins or Jennings
that the murdered girl might have known.
"I first became acquainted with Mrs.
Fuller three years ago, when she retained
me as her attorney. Her daughter Eleanor
has often visited my office bringing mes
sages and notes from her mother concern-
Ing legal business. The girl often dropped
in to get car fare from me. As regards
the statement that I bought a dress for
the girl, there has been some misappre
hension. My daughter Ethel was boarding
with Mrs. Fuller and I noticed that Elean
or Fuller was not as well dressed as she
should be. I told Mrs. Fuller that the
child ought to have a new dress and I
gave her $12 50 to get one for the chttJ.
The amount was credited to my account
for the board of my daughter with 'Mrs.
Fuller.
•Tt never took the child of Mrs. Fuller
to a theater or to a restaurant, and I do
not know, of any men that Eleanor Fuller
was acquainted with. The last time I saw
Eleanor Fuller alive was just before
Christmas. .
"I ', looked at the face' of the dead gir!
carefully," said Grant last evening, "and
with the Identification of the clothing
found near the body, I am now positive
that the remains are those of Eleanor Fut
ler.
Grant M r as well .acquainted with the
unfortunate girl, and his identification of
the body was positive. The attorney had
visited the Morgue in the early hours of
yesterday morning and at that time he
had some hesitation in saying that the
body found in the house at 2211 Sutter
street was that of Eleanor.
Attorney Hugh C. Grant, who has at
tended to the legal business of Mrs. Ful
ler, the mother of the murdered girl,
called at the Morgue yesterday to see' the
body of Eleanor Fuller. ' _ ,
He Tells of His Connection
With the Fuller
Family.
"Yes, Ehe worked during the months of
October and November of last year for a
family at a private hotel, taking care of
children," the bereaved mother replied.
"When she answered the\advertlsement
lust before she disappeared she and 1 de
cided that she should come home and sleep
every night."
turned In January- He arrived, I believe,
on a Wednesday, and the Friday following
I called on him at the Palace Hotel, ac
companied by my daughter Nora. He
sailed on the City of Peking at 1 P- m..
January 11. for China. That was the day
my daughter disappeared. My son, Lewis
J. Parlane, went down to the wharf and
saw the Count depart."
"When did you first meet Hugh C.
Grant, and how did you happen to em
ploy him as your attorney?" was asked.
"I was having considerable legal work
done in connection with my divorce," Mrs.
Fuller replied, "and the attorneys I was
employing did not give me satisfaction.
I casually noticed an advertisement in
some paper of Attorney Grant and I was
impressed with the name, as I once had
a dear friend by that name. I called on
him and he attended to my legal work.
During the months of July and August
I boarded his 11-year-old daughter Ethel
at her father's request. Grant never
paid me In full for the board of the
child and was in debt to me for this ar
rangement. I can thus easily explain
Nora's going into his office and borrow
ing car fare from him. Grant used to
come out to the house, but I am not aware
that he ever went out with Nora. Grant
and Count Serebrenek never met and were
not acquainted.
"The papers said to-day that Nora was
sixteen. This Is a mistake. She was only
fifteen and a half, and she looked mores
like fourteen than her real age. She was
a very studious girl, and the only time
that she went down town was to exchange
books at the Free Public Library."
"Did your daughter ever work at any
time?" was asked* of Mrs. Fuller.
The washstand in the bathroom gives
no evidence of having been used lately.
Neither is there any evidence of the house
having, been occupied for any length of
time. Had the occupants had their meals
sent in, or had they purchased a cold
meal at a delicacy store, some trace of
paper, twine or wooden pla'tes would have
been found. :-
. An examination of the premises was
made yesterday by the detectives and
others, but not the slightest trace of a
late occupancy was found. The flues in
the grates and. chimneys were filled with
old papers, some of them bearing, dates
of two years ago. The detectives tore up
the toilet and took out the contents of
the trap, that an examination might be
made, that a scrap of writing, poison bot T
tie. or other clew might be revealed.
: Many of the houses in the immediate
vicinity overlook from the rear the room
in which the girl's body was found; yet
a. patient "inquiry among the neighbors
did not result in the finding of any one
who ever saw a light or heard a noise In
the house after the - previous occupants
moved out about the first of the year.
The house is built onto the one next to it
and the partition between the two is of
such -lightness that; any unusual noise in
the one could be heard in the other. The
iesidents of the houses on either side of
that in which the body was found are
positive in 'their declaration that they
never saw any one in or about the prem
ises or saw any lights at any v time in th«
house.
The walls are papered In red and give
evidence that at one time the room
might have been occupied as a kitchen.
Tack marks in the wall seem to show
that a strip of some material was put in
the wall to protect it from injury. There
Is a daub of grease on one of the widths
of the paper, which is evidently of long
standing.
the lower floor is a front and back par
lor, a kitchen and servants' room. On
the second floor is a front and side bed
room, a bathroom and fear bedroom. It
was in this latter. room that the body of
the girl was found.
ATTORNEY GRANT
MAKES STATEMENT
Mission street. While In this employ
ment they met and have been fast friends
for over seven months. Neither ever
hinted .that she was about to make a sud
den departure from home and there seems
to be little cause, except slight restric
tions, that wo.uld cause a desire for them
to part from their homes.
Grace Langford was passionately* fond
Norma Dobson, aged 11, left their homes
Tuesday night and have not been located
since. • although they were seen a day
later on the streets. The first named girl
lived at 134 Rose avenue and the other at
165 Valencia street. • ,
When they passed from under their
parental roofs the girls intended; to at
tend a dance. This they did, but where
thej*- went afterward is the mystery".
Roth girls were employed as seamstress
es the California Casket Company on
&——rt WO moro,; young girls have dis-
I appeared from their homes and
,11 .'. thus far the efforts of the police
11 to'Jp.cate.t.thenv have been futile.'
WHfeth'er: they} were enticed away
and.met:the ; fate^df the several unfortu
nate-girls who became the Victims in the
cltyts^inost" famous 'crimes 1 is yet to.be
determined:/.; '";';.¦, : ; ¦..-. ¦¦• .,.:
! Grace j Langford, aged nearly .15, . and
YOUNG GIRL WHO DISAPPEARED FROM HER HOHE WITH A FRIEND.
His only, sister, Mary, is married to
David Goldman, an inspector of ithe im
perial custom*- at ! Shanghai,- whose broth
er '¦ is employed in the Yokohama* branch
house of the importing firm "of Mendelson
Bros, at 7 Battery street.. .
His family expected his return to
Shanghai early in December, but instead
he' loitered here and then suddenly dis
appeared. . He Is distantly related by
marriage to a dealer in furnishing'' goods
named Goldman, , living in Oakland. '•."•-".•
"Mooney" has been a source of anxiety
and care to his parents on account of
his extravagant tastes and love" for
women, and despite his large salary his
father has had frequently to go to his
rescue in order to extricate him from
numerous escapades and save him. from
his creditors.. ' ¦ • -
was due to his knowledge of the Russian
language, laws and customs. ; He is de
scribed as being about five feet nine
inches In height, stocky: build, black hair
and very dark brown mustache, and-al
ways well dressed.
.His family are Russians who made a
fortune ' in the hotel business j at {Singa
pore and who,. upon their retirement, re
moved to Shanghai, where.the lad's father,
F. Serebrenek," ranks as one of the capi
talists of that opulent Oriental city. ,
At the time he met Miss. Fuller at the
Popular restaurant. he wore a' tight-fitting
cutaway coat of dark material, blue over
coat with velvet collar and . black Fedora
hat: He disappeared 'from his haunts in
this city three years ago and did not re
turn for six or eight. months thereafter.
At that time he -was attired as a minister,
and in answer to inquiries he said he was
traveling through' me country preaching
the gospel to benighted people. That this
was a subterfuge 'was suspected by many ~
but there was nothing at that time to
render the suspicion '.-.'. '
THE I police have >¦ been furnished
with a complete. ; description ' of
Bennett, the man who is believed
to be connected with :.}. the disap
pearance and death ' of Eleanor,
Fuller, and it will be sent '.broadcast over
the 'country. • •" ¦'%
• Bennett Is described' as a man flve feet
eight inches in height .and .weighing
»about 160 pounds.. There' is a well defined
cast In the right '.eye,- ¦ and V. his rather
prominent nose ls,nattenediat*the end as
If -the result of '. some , accident in ¦ his
youth. He Is rather ; bald; and. 'has the
habit of walking with bowed -head at all
times. He has a light brown j mustache
and florid complexion: .
Sometimes Takes Up; Evan
gelical Work andvDbns^
Clerical Garb. '
Mysterious- Man's Right
Optic Contains Well
Defined Cast.
BENNETTS EYE
STRONG GUIDE
FOR OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1902.
STREAM OF THE MORBIDLY CURIOUS
VIEWS THE REMAINS OF DEAD GIRL
THRONG IMPELLED TO CITY CHARNAL HOUSE HORRIFIED AT MURDER TALE
TWO YOUNG GIRLS RUN AWAY FROM
HOME AND POLICE SEARCH FOR THEM
3
The way Salva-cea cure* • Pllei. . J _A.
SECOISD ANNUAL
JL XL %¦ J 11 aL M. X
OF ABOUT 1000 GEMS IN
COMMENCING^
M0NDAY > February ¦ I0,\ >
BETWEEN CR^NT AVENUE A\D STOCKTON STREET.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES.
Men's Sack Suits Money for Mothers
at a substantial saving in boys' suits and coats
There is satisfaction in buying one cf these Each day you wait the assortment of chese
special sale suits at $6.65— first because of .the odds and ends in boys' and youths' suits and.
money saved, second because of the good wear coats become smaller — many wise mother* are-
and all-around satisfaction you will get out of taking"advantage of these unusual values. Havs
the suit. you? Why not bring the boy in and tog hm
You can't do better if we. have yousize in out for half what you usually pay?
the pattern you want. Why not see the suits Norfolk & T\VO-Piece Suits
anyway? \ .-, c . . . Made of Scotch tweeds and cheviots in neat
Sack : suits of Scotch mixtures itr single and mixtures> 8 t0 l6 anJ toio resDective ,
double breasted styles, win ter^veight materials, on sale in two lots: Suits worth $2 h, $ 3 w
broken assortment of s.zes left over from heavy an d $3.50 to go at $2.10; Suit, won h $375
pacernber selling, former pnee $12.50; now to ud to $7.50 go at $2.85. *'
be had for x/ ' ., , - .,
$>-> \\f% mm Youths' Suitsw
wfe «& Made of winter weight materials, in many
\W%\B^J , patterns, single or double breasted, former prices
.;./•,: — £7-00, $8 50, $10.00 and $12.50; now reduceJ
/ v We are pleased to say' that we have lately ° * 3 * _
received another large shipment from our work- -*iV I OpCOatS
shops of our special $9.03 suits, which are so Made of covert material in neat, light shades
popular with so manv people ; the assortment of tan. Topcoats for children from 3 to 8 years,
contains rough arid smooth cheviots in black and former! price $4 00, now $2.60; topcoats fo .
white stripes, olive shades and brown mixtures, boys from 9 to 13, reduced from' $5.00 to $3.20;
blue" serges/and black clay worsteds, in four- topcoat* for youth* from 14 to 19, marked down
button, round-cornered. or double-breasted sack from $6. 50 to $4.00.
suits, union made; the suits are certainly won- 1 YokeCOSts
'9 ersa P rice ~~ Made of all-wool tweeds in herring-bone
$'/\ :; " ; '/\'/\ weaves, invisible stripes, checks and pinhead
%J& « Hh B -effects, comprising many nobby mixtures, ages
» \J ¦ 4 to. 14 years, former prices £6 and $7, now
¦/'¦¦¦¦A^'-glance '"'at ; our/ r ,%. ,.j_. k 9 ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . , ' ¦ » Out^of'town orders
windows will alw °y s 4T"^L °* I |a Jl I d^k iO^ ITT^ C^ !ilIcd — writc us f °n
prove interest! n£,M8IS| •/%| • lm%£ H || IS | J^- Jjj B % anything in men's
whether you need \^S j V 1 *^L II. \J^ \Jf §sj^ ij W^Jj* or boys' clothing,
clothes, hats or fur- .' A. -:~~/_ W ¦ W m • - - ¦¦¦¦¦• ¦ - furnishings or
nis^ings. ; /Market Street hats -, .. and clatter will , put them to 1
flight. From the hours of '4 until 7 p. m.
Saturday everything that, would boom or
'bang was brought forth and turned loose.
with the fury of an avenging angel.
THE devils and all dark birds of
evil', steered clear of Chiitatown
yesterday if it be true, according
to Chinese tradition, that/noise
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— William H. Red
mond, member of Parliament for East
Claire, and John Devlin of Belfast, the
Irish Nationalists, arrived to-night from
Queenstown on the White Star liner
Cymric. They will make a tour of the
United States In aid of the Irish League
in America.
Iiish Nationalists Beach New York.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 3.— Newspaper men
of Salt Lake associated with the four
dailies and a number of mining and other
trade' journals organized the Salt Lake
City Press Club to-day. The organization
starts with an active membership ot
nearly sixty. William Inglehart of the
Herald was elected president.
Salt Lake City Press Club.
gayety. There were not many masked
persons on the street, but throughout the
afternoon and evening the boulevards
were crowded with merry-makers throw
ing paper confetti, the demand for which
was greater than ever before. The good
humored sport was kept up until a late
hour.
* D , on 't'marry a girl who laughs at every
f ool . thing you say. , She's . playing , you - to
lose if<you ( win.# ¦ \ -¦ : ¦ .. .-.'.. , .-, ¦
j PARIS, Feb. 9.— Favored by 'beautiful
weather. , Parisians - observed ;. the * opening
of . the carnival to-Uay ,\vith\ their j usual
Carnival Opens at Paris.
MADRID, Feb. 9.-rAt a Cabinet council
the Minister of Foreign Affairs,' the Duke
of ¦ Almodovar, has ' been ? authorized ¦ - to'
sign a treaty of v friendship . with 'the
United. States after the council- of state
ehall have, deliberated, thereon: '¦ . .
To Sign a Treaty of Friendship.'
Because of the severe weather the Phila
delphia had to put into Cherbourg, where
she was delayed for; more than sixteen
hours. The Marconi system' was contin
ually working while, the. vessel was lying
to. the • connections' at '• all times ' being
Derfect. ._.•¦,
NEW "YORK,' Feb.- 9;— The steamship
Philadelphia of the American line; which
arrived t<5-day, liroke the record. for hav
ing the longest communication with the
land by means ' of ¦ the Marconi' wireless
telegraph system.
On Saturday, February 1, the steamship
was, at 12:15 p. m., a few miles off the
Lizard. Messages were- then exchanged,
and the telegraphing was kept up . until
midnight; of the following day. The last
message was sent when the Philadelphia
was 150 miles distant from .the land. This
last message was. a communication from
the American' line officials In England to
Captain Mills of the Philadelphia. This Is
the "longest distance. in which wireless
communication has ' ever been -had/be
tween a fehip and the land. " .:.• :¦
the . Shore.
Sea, Keeps in Touch With
Steamship Philadelphia, Far Out at
LINEB, BREAKS RECORD FOB
WIRELESS COMMUNICATION
The committee will, meet next Friday
evening, at which ;¦ time a detailed : report
will be prepared for the convention meet
ing to be held next 'Sunday.- ..- \
t P I es ?T"I hom , a f F;; Barry. ViHlim ,Mul"vl n ;
J. ; S. • McCormiclC G- J. .Lowe.-; .. . ., ¦
Hall— TV J. Mellott.;M. Casey,* G..T Lowe
Programme— Thomas P. Barry. John Hen
nessy, J. J. "Cannife,. James Smith R C
9'Connor, Thomas F. Alford; P.' J Kelleher ¦
. Finance— Rev. J. F. Nugent, T. P.- O'Dowd
James Smith- . - , ' ¦ , ¦ ¦ .' .- '-
Printing— P. A. . Buckley,- John ' ; Hennesay.
Patrick Flannagan. ,, *',
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the; StJ Patrick's day. celebration
held at 1133 Mission street yesterday it
was decided to hold two celebrations, one
in. the afternoon y arid the ' other in .the
evening.: Father P. C. Yorke was chosen
as orator of the day. The following com
mittees were appointed:
St. Patrick's Day Celebrations.
membrane connecting the twins
contained three large . arteries, and the
patients lost between one and two ounces
of , blood. The only complaint they made
was that they, felt patn in the membrane.
They were very weak and had some fever.
At last. reports they .both were sleeping
quietly. ¦ . . .
:. The Figaro publishes an interview with
Dr. 'Doyen, who after explaining that the
operation .was undertaken, under excep
tionally unfavorable circumstances, . as
both;the twins were attacked by tubercu
losis and almost dying, describes the op
eration, which was performed under anes
thetics. • ' The membrane was composed of
stretched tissues,' which soon contracted.
The iteration will leave only a - Btraight
ecar extending, from the ' xyphoid ; apDen
dix to the navel, which ' has retaken its
normal position, one-half of it remaining
on each subject. . ,* ¦ , ¦ ¦ . • .
PARIS, Feb. 9.-The Hindoo twins, Ra
dica and.Dordina,\.who were united In a
manner similar to the Siamese twins, who
were exhibited throughout the world, were
separated -to-day 'by Or. Doyen. The op
eration lasted twenty minutes^ and was
successful, but owlnsr to the weak condi
tion of the patients, due to illness, the
final result is still doubtful.
r Charles Feitz, the fireman, went down
with the engine and was killed,' after un
dergoing terrible suffering. He was
caught between the locomotive boiler
and an upset boxcar,/ and slowly, burned
to death within sight of a rescue jj party
which was making .every possible effort
to save him. A. H. Montgomery, 'the
engineer of the train, jumped from his
cab as- the engine struck the slide.' fle
was badly shaken ¦ up by the fall, . but
otherwise • uninjured. ¦ There- were no
other casualties. ; : "'- - * ; .
No one appears to be blamed' for the
accident. The tracks had been patrolled
as usual and the elide must have: came
down .within a very short time prior to
the arrival of ] the train. The ; train was
.made up of sixteen cars of mixed freight."
All the cars were ¦ derailed; but only the
first five" followed the locomotive into the
lake. The track was blocked for fifteen
hours, but this afternoon . the slide, and
another found a .few miles above it, < were
cleared -away and traffic was resumed.- •>
The wreck occurred about fifteen miles
north of Seattle. The train had left this
city shortly after 11 o'clock.^ In rounding
a sharp; curve at :the head of .the Jake
the big slide came suddenly, into view and
in an instant the engine ' had plowed j into
it. overturned and plunged into the water.
Montgomery jumped;', but Feitz went
down. 1 He tried to > crawl out of the water
over the 'hot boiler, but one" of the box
cars ' suddenly piled on ,¦ top and fastened
him down by, an- arm. -~ V . ->'•/» .
¦ The ' conductor, : engineer and others of
the train crew hastened to him. and found
it impossible to extricate " him. • After a
moment or two it was decided* that ' his
arm must be chopped off, but before tins
could -ba - done ?¦ the. >, terrific • heat , of •: the
.boiler, against which he was ¦ pinned, . had
overcome him and . he was dead. . Feitz
was 26 years old • and had relatives living
in Wayland, ilowa. -The remains will be
shipped there. ,\ - - \ ,
.SEATTLE, Feb. -9.— An engine" and five
cars on the Seattle division of .'the
Northern Pacific ran'.into a heavy land
slide at the north end of Lake Washing
to.t early this morning and plunged-'into
the waters of the lake. . . ¦
Now, whether the coffin the. decedent
was so particular should be of the right
size will be used, is ai question. In the
present storm with the many intervening
swollen creeks it is considered almost im
possible to get. the remains to Big Bend
where the coffln stands ready in a corner
of the cabin.. The mail stages . cannot
cover the Big Bend route. The relatives
would like to carry out the desires of
Hudson, but it is probable that the re
mains will' be laid away in the Redding
cemetery in a more, modern casket. '.
Hudson gradually grew worse. ¦'": His left
forearm and the heel of one of : his feet
seemed to be dying. Gangrene began in
one of those parts. After much effort
Hudson was induced to permit himself to
be conveyed to Redding to undergo an
operation. The surgeon's work was done
several days ago and Hudson, succumbed
to-day. . : . , -..¦•. .
When he became bedridden several
months ago he decided that death was
near. His preparations for .its coming
were practical rather than spiritual. He
sent for a carpenter and had his measure
taken ' for a coffin. He was particular
about the fit, and so tried it. .The coffln
was a rough box of inch boards,' but it
satisfied the man who had ordered it.
Hudson was a farmer of the Big Bend
region, forty-five miles northeast of here.
He had a, wife and several children there.
For a considerable . time he was ill, but
scorned to have a physician. He would
have no "quacks" around, he said, and
pinned his faith In patent medicines.
REDDING, Feb. 9— S.B. Hudson of this
county had a coffin made to measure for
himself some time ago, and now that he is
dead the elements may cheat him out of
its use. :.'' '¦;•'¦ ~ f
If the river continues to rise this ¦ off
spring ¦ will be impassable ¦¦ to-morrow.
Then the vast territory lying north and
east of the Sacramento River in Shasta,
Modoc and Lassen Counties will be cut
off from communication with Redding.
The ferry across the stream at the north
edge of town is not being run, as the
owners dare not truest the boats in the
torrent. The river has risen so high that
it has run around' the east end of the
bridge located at the southeast corner of
Redding's corporate limits/- • The waters
form, a veritable mill-race over a flat
100' yards in width. - It was crossed to-day
with but scant safety by. vehicles. •. •
RBDDIXG, Feb. ?.— After a week of
steady drizzle 2.99 inches of rain fell here
during the past forty-eight hours. A lib
eral downpour is in progress this evening,
with every prospect of continuing Indefi
nitely. Mail stages on several routes are
tied up and all routes will be closed if the
storm continues much longer, owing to
high water in the many creeks of this
northern country. No fatality by drown
ing, which generally marks similar storms,
has yet been reported.-
The mail stages between Redding and
Bleber, Lassen County, by way of Fall
River Mills, have not gotten through for
two days, nor have the stages from this
city to Bully Hill and Copper City, distant
twenty-six miles northeast, although the
mail contractor sent out a stage from
here this morning in an attempt to get
through the storm-swollen creeks. ••
The Weaverville. Trinity County, stage
got in last night with its mail, although
it was held up for two hours at Salt
Creek, on the outskirts of Redding. - The
stages to Harrison • Gulch, fifty-six miles
southwest, are . the only ones going
through on time. They will be tied up if
the storm continues.
DEATH IGNORES
HIS FINAL WISH
HINDOO TWINS
ARE SEPARATED
Throughout those times the Jew had no
civil' rights, yet he was recognized as a
man, and the master of the Jew-slave had
to give him sufficient food and ample rai
ment. The pagans made poverty a crime,
and -when they condescended to dole out
charity they threw their gifts at the sup
plicant. The pastimes of the pagan were
noted for the orgies and abominable
crime, while they took a delight in crush
ing out all humanity from the hearts of
the people. J The Jews said, in the light of
all this, that they must live as a protest
against degradation and wanton cruelty,
and they set out on their task to win
over the pagan by words of love. They
showed him that as God was merciful
man must be merciful, and as God was
holy eo.man must be. It was that beau
tiful sentiment that drew many from pa
ganism. The philanthropic and humane
.societies of to-day breathed the very
spirit of Judaism. ¦ By purity of love; by
charity and goodness, % said . the lecturer,
we can show our service to mankind and
to God, the author of all.
The Rev. Dr. Myers delivered a lecture
at the Bush-street Synagogue last even
ing before a large and deeply interested
congregation. The subject of the dis
course was "Judaism and Paganism," in
which It was shown that the rabbis of Is
rael inculcated three principles, which be
came the prevailing characteristics of
Jews— modesty, mercy and active good
ness. While there were slaves In the
heathen da'ys of Rome, the Jew was less
at the command and the will of the slave
owners than others were. He taught and
discussed everywhere the doctrine of for
bearance, of brotherly, love,' of charity
and morality. In that perjod there was no
such condition as equality among men.
The slaves were composed of men of al
most all nations, and the pagans chose
from their ranks subjects for the arena,
where they were torn to pieces by wild
beasts for the amusement and edification
of the bloodthirsty Romans— the pagans.
to consume one year's time in returning.
There were few visitors In Chinatown
last night. The street* were muddy a»ul
TELLS OF EARLY
JUDAIC PERIOD
cral attention many blocks away.
When the devils were sufficiently afar
silence reigned again. They are expected
WRIGHT AGAIN RIFLES
LE ROI IHNHTG COMPANY
Londoner Said to Have Won. in Sitter
Fight Among Financial
Interests.
SPOKANE. Feb. 9.— It Is asserted
to-night by men closely in touch with. the
L« Roi Mining Company that Whittaker
Wright of London has regained control
of the corporation after the bitterest Ugh*
known recently In London financial cir
cles.
The revelations of alleged fraud In con
nection with Wright's mining operations
have amazed England. It Is declared,
however, that Wright has ousted the In
terests represented by Henry Bratnober,
which lately got control of: the Le RoL
Big Purchase of Oil T^nd^
AUSTIN, Tex., Feb. 9.— Th« Southern
Calif ornia , Oil Company has just pur
chased a large tract of oil lands neat
Tampico, Mexico, for which it Dald
Gate Hall Friday evening was largely at
tended. The decorations wereelaborate
and the band furnished excellent music
for the dancers. Mcft-e than 100
were present and many handsome'' gowns
were In evidence. The patronesses were:
Mrs. Conroy, Mrs. .Hunsaker, Mrs. Peckham,
Mrs. Avis, Mrs. Zoberbler, , Mrs. Busch and
Mrs. Captain Thompson.
Miss • Alice Gardner was hostess at a
small informal tea on Friday afternoon.
The guests Included the following named:
Miss Minnie Evans, Miss Helen Cartwrlght.
Miss California Gibson, Miss Nellie Lyons,
Miss Bertha Gardner, Miss Nellie Carpenter
and Miss AUie Carpenter.
Mrs. George W. McNear entertained at
her residence, 1299 Van Ness avenue,
Thursday, giving a luncheon in honor of
Mrs. M. W. Wilcox and Mrs. M. A. Wil
cox of Los Angele*. The decorations were
in excellent taste and the luncheon proved
most enjoyable. The guests were: .
Mrs. A. Xj Towne, Mrs. Clinton E. "Worden,
Mrs. Jerome Lincoln. % Mrs, .Kusspll J. Wilson,
Mrs. James CarolanV Mrs. Edward G. Schmie
dell, Mrs*. Philip E. Bowles. Mrs. Seward Mc-
Xear and Miss Elizabeth McNear."
Mrs. Henry L. Dodge was hostess, at a
euchre party last Thursday evening at her"
home," 2015 Franklin street. Captain and
Mrs. Charles J. Bailey, U. S. A., who are
about to leave the city, were guests' of
honor. More than twenty-five guests. were
delightfully entertained. ¦
Miss Carmen Moore was guest of honor
at a pink luncheon given by Miss Eliza
beth Foulke at the University Club on
Wednesday last. Those present were: -
Misses Olive Holbrook,- Sophie Pierce, Sarah
Collier, Charlotte Field, Jacqueline Moore,
Florence Starr, Jessie Carr, Kate Powers, Mrs.
M. M. Johnson Jr. and Mrs. R. P. . Macdonald.
ominous clouds kept many sightseers at
home. Those who were there, however,
took in the sights. Including the restau
rants] and Joss houses,- and observed wita
interest all that was Oriental.
The Chinese are disgruntled because of
the rain. It spoiled their gaudy wearing
apparel on the thoroughfares. The
wealthier Chinese who had occasion to
leava their homes traveled in hacks.
The main celebration ended at mid
night last night. To-day the stores will
reopen and business will be conducted at
the same old stands. Those of the wealthy
class who can afford to do so will con
tinue their observances of the feast an
other week, but the business man and
laborer go back to ¦work after a three
days' jollification. *
To-day will be feast day. The restau
rants will throw open their doors and in
the homes the suckling pig and other deli
cacies that have graced tables will be de
voured with gusto. .
WHAT ONE MAY SEE IN CHINA
TOWN DURING CELEBRATION
OF THK CELESTIAL. NEW YEAR.
CARS TOPPLE
INTO THE LAKE
That there be created In the Treasury De
partment a permanent ibureau, the duties of
which shall be to register all State corpora
tions engaged in interstate or foreign com
merce: to Hecure- from such corporations all
reports needed to enable the Government tn
levy a franchise tax with certainty and justice
and to collect the name; to make such in
spection . and examination \ of the business of
such corporations as will guarantee the com*
pleteness and accuracy tof the- Information
needed to ascertain whether such corporations
are observing the conditions prescribed . in the
act, and to .enforce penalties against delin
quents: and to collate r.nd publish information
regarding- such combinations and the
tries in which they., may be engaged, . so as to
furnish to Congress proper information for
possible future legislation. i
'?„?._?__?-_? 't— ?„? ? • •>• * ••• * • • • • •'• • a
That an annual' franchise tax . be imposed
upon all i State corporations engaged in inter
state commerce, calculated upon the . gross
earnings of each corpor»tlon from its interstate
business; that the minimum rate of such tax
be low. but that the rate be gradually In
creased with increases In earnings, i ;
That to prevent overcapitalization the, sev
eral State Legislatures enact laws similar to
the anti-stock watering laws of Massachusetts;
also to provide for State supervision of all
public service corporations, with power to rec
ommend or regulate rates for service and to
pass upon the public need, desirability or exi
gency of any proposed new service. ; . . '
That stringent laws be enacted by the Con
gress and the several State Legislatures, mak
ing both penal and ¦ criminal the vicious , prac
tice of discriminating between customers and
cutting' rates or prices . in one locality below
.those which prevail generally, for the purpose
of destroying local competition; and that such
laws should give to any person damaged i the
right to sue for ¦ and . recover prescribed penal
ties and make it the duty of the prosecuting
officers to proceed against the offenders.' .
flint combinations ; and conspiracies, in the
form of trusts or otherwise, in ' restraint of
trade or by reduction, ' which by ' consensus of
judicial 'opinion are unlawful, should be so
declared by ¦ legislation uniform in all juris
dictions-and as to all persons, and such'Itat
utes should be thoroughly enforced. -
That District Attorneys of the United States
be authorized and directed to Institute pro
ceedings for violations of the Federal anti
trust laws. * . ¦ - • ¦.<.. ¦ •
That the prompters and organizers of cor
porations or industrial combinations which
look to- the public to purchase or deal in their
stocks or securities should be required to fur
nish full details regarding the organization. ¦
' That any prospectus or announcement of any
kind' soliciting subscriptions which fails to
make full disclosures as aforesaid, or which
ia false, should be deemed fraudulent [ and
that all Information concerning the corpora
tion should be open to investors and that the
larger corporations — the so-called • trusts —
should be required to publish annually a prop
erly audited report, showing in reasonable de
tail their assets and liabilities with profit or
loss, such report and audit under oath to "be
subject to Government inspection.
In addition to the above the commission
now recommends: . ¦ . / ¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— The second
part of the report of the Industrial Com
mission was made public to-day, j It cov
ers manufactures and industrial combina
tions, and in its recommendations quotes
frofn its report to Congress in 1900, in
which it then recommended:
STAGES STRIVE
WITH A FLOOD
The Dulce Domum Assembly at Golden
MIfs Marian Huntingdon, Virginia Rodgers
Xokes. Miss Elsie Sperry, Miss Ardella Mills,
Miss Edith Marie Huntingdon. Sidney Pringle,
Colonel C. K. Greenleaf, U. S. A.: Lieutenant
Ralph P. Brower, U. S. A.: Mr. Henry of Cin
cinnati, Dupont Coleman and Brockway Met
calf.
• • • • •
Miss Susie Earl was hostess at a de
lightful party at her home on Clay street
Saturday afternoon.
A most enjoyable oinner was given at
the H. E. Huntingdon home, 2840 Jackson
street, preceding the Jeunesse on Friday
evening. Miss Virginia Nokes was the
guest of honor. Miss Clara Huntlngton
presided, owing to the indisposition of her
sister, who gave the dinner. The guests
were:
Mrs. . John F. Merrill, Mrs. George H. Lent,
Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs, Mrs. Horace Blanchard
Chase, Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson, Mrs. A. D.
Keyes, Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, Miss Sallie
MayAard, Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Emily Caro
lan. Miss Ella Goodall, Miss Pearl Landers,
Miss Helen Dean, Miss Leontlne Blakeman, Mis*
Georglna Jones, Mfss Bernie Drown and Miss
Sophia Pierce. - ' -is ¦ •¦
Mrs. Samuel Knight and her sister. Miss
Olive Holbrook, gave a large tea Satur
day at the Van Ness avenue residence of
the Holbrooks. Several hundred callers
were received between the hours of 5 and
7. The drawing-rooms were lavishly dec
orated in foliage', with many" roses.
Spring blossoms were also introduced at
intervals in the artistic effects. Every
thing was perfectly appointed and the tea
was a success in every detail. Mrs.
Knight and Miss Holbrook were assisted
in receiving by the following named:
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Misses Jennie and Kmma McMillan, Miss
Gertrude (Palmer, Miss Conly, Miss Susie Con
ly. Miss Helen Gibbs, Misg Anita Bertheau,
Miss Jeannette Deal. Miss Bertie Bruce and
Mrs. Milton Hamilton. .
Mrs. S. C. Partridge, formerly Miss Simp
son, who married the Bishop of Kyoto,
Japan.
PROMINENT SOCIETY WOMAN OF NEW YORK AND THIS CITY, WHO
IS HERE ON A VISIT AND IS. BEING ROYALLY ENTERTAINED BY
THE SMART BET. '
Industrial Commission
Issues Second Part'
of Its Report.
URGES REMEDIES
FOR HOST EVILS
BERKELEY. Feb. 9.— Mrs. Annie Pe
terson has remained in charge of her
classics in the Columbus School, Berke
ley, until within a week In spite of the
School Board rule prohibiting the: em
ployment of married women as teachers.
Mrs.' Peterson has been Miss*Annie Pyne
on. the list of teachers, although she was
married secretly to Henry Peterson; >. a
West Berkeley carriage-maker, in Salinas
last June. - • . -- . .•' ¦;
At that time the young people conclud
ed not to wait any longer for the perform
ance of the ceremony. But Miss Pyne
was not ready to give up her position. In
this dilemma the couple determined on a
secret marriage, A trip to Salinas was
arranged and a quiet wedding solemnized
in the Presbyterian Church at that place.
After the knot was tied the bride re
turned to ¦ her father's house to remain
there as usual, until yesterday, when sKe
I went to: join her husband in the new
home he has been making ready in the
meantime. The announcement of her
marriage just before leaving came with
as much surprise to her family as to th«
School Board, who discovered that they
had been .for six months unwittingly
breaking one of their own rules. Mrs.
Peterson's resignation from the 1 depart
ment, was promptly accepted.
Weds in Secret and Remains
at Her Post Under
Maiden Name. ;
Berkeley ScHoolTeacher
Outwits ; Board of
: Education:
HOLDS POSITION
THOUGH MARRIED
FESTIVITIES HOLD FULL SWAY
FOR LAST TWO DAYS BEFORE LENT
Three Days'/Gelebration of Local Celestials Comes to a
G'orious' Close With Ear-Splitting Music by Oriental
Orchestras, Brilliant Fireworks and Loud Explosives
DEVILS AND BIRDS OF EVIL TAKE
THEIR DEPARTURE FROM CHINATOWN
By Sally Sharp.
THE arrival of Mrs. Herman Oel
richs and little son from New York
has occasioned many a ripple of in
terest in society. The party in-
eludes eight liveried sen-ants, three
berlbboned. dogs and twenty-two good
tized trunks. Mrs. Oelrichs is always in
teresting and now that she comes to us
fresh from her social reign in Gotham,
and just after being so happily classified
in the Rev. Dr. Charles Wilbur de Lyon
Nichols* revised list of aristocracy, we
are more in a flutter than ever. Dr. Nich
ols himself made something of a stir in
cutting down Ward McAllister's "400" list
to 145 in New York and adding only two or
three families in other cities. The only
remaining fortunates In San Francisco
lucky enough to be so listed are Mr. and
Mrs. John W. Mackay, Mr. and Mrs,
George Crocker and Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd
Tevis. Mrs. Oelrichs is therefore decid
edly an object of envy Just now, and it is
a. question whether the slv weeks' peni
tence of the Lenten season will do away
With it. ....
If Lent were not so close at hand and
Mrs. Oelrichs not so fatigued by the de
mands upon her time in the Katt, she
would appear In some of the contents of
the twenty-two trunks. Mrs. Oelrichs
knows bo well how to carry the Paris
creations which float across the pond to
her. She has a style quite her own.
' It is difficult to decide whether the event
of Tuesday evening is the festive Mardi
Gras ball or the beautiful Pond-Painter
wedding. The dear girls are trying: to ar
range some way to do both delightful af
fairs in the same evening. A number of
our younger set attended the Clark-Mul
lins church wedding, tiled an appearance
at the home reception and arrived at the
Huntington dance as fresh as roses by II
o'clock. But as the Mardi Gras grand
march begins at 10— an hour earlier— the
fair ones are certainly confronted by a
condition. Then to make the obstacle
more formidable, many of those In the
gmart set are promised at some of the
dinners to be given preceding the ball. It
looks now as though we must devise a Cin
derella affair for the dinner and wedding,
which, upon pulling a string, may be deft
ly shed at 10 o'clock, disclosing the happy
Mardi Gras costume underneath. How
athletic we must all become on that
eventful day, for I haven't said' a word
yet about the luncheons and teas after the
Monday receptions, luncheons, teas, din
ners. Presidio hop and Folger cotillon.
Strong coffee and port wine are tiding
some of the debutantes over Ash Wed
nesday, for, tired as they are, they
would not miss anything in the social
whirl for worlds.
Speaking of the Pond-Painter wedding,
everybody ia delighted to know that the
groom has been building a cozy little
home for his new wife. Those who know
Miss Phoebe Painter feel that her bright
smiles and practical helpfulness are ex
actly what we want to keep always with
us. The beautiful and extensive array
of wedding presents that have been re
ceived will go far toward feathering the
new home nest of the happy couple.
Let us bear in mind that Mr. and Mrs.
J. Athearn Folger are to have their guests
dance a cotillon before supper this even
ing. Every one will be at Native Sons'
Hall at the appointed time. Mr. Folger
will lead the german. I have heard that
the favors are beautiful and have been
especially procured from Paris and New
York for this occasion. Elaborate fans,
flowers, wands, hats, etc., will make glad
the hearts of the guests.
Mrs. Linda H. Bryan. Miss Rowena
Burns and Miss Mabel Toy sailed away
on Saturday for Mexico, where they will
spend a happy six weeks at Mazatlan. the
comfortable and artistic home of Mrs.
Bryan's mother. Mrs. Bryan's two chil
dren completed the party, while the eldest
boy is already in Vazatlan. We know
Mrs. Bryan as one of those rare and
charming women who does society
in its happiest sense without neglecting
her children. She is devotion itself to her
little brood and laughingly says that the
only thing that troubles her is the fact
that she hadn't half enough.
Apropos of birdlings. what scores of
telegrams have been showered upon Mrs.
Hugh Tevis. nee Baxter, at Monterey,
upon the arrival of her little son. The
sudden death of Hugh Tevis while on his
wedding trip was a terrible blow to the
young girl, and preparations for the little
visitor have proved a great comfort to
her, and it Is hoped that time will restore
her old-time happiness.
Jlr. and Mrs. James Follis have had
their fcome gladdened by the visit of the
stork, and Mr. and Mrs. Paxton Howard
are also receiving congratulations for
similar good fortune.
E.-ery one is talking about that airy
fairy-Lillian gown worn at the last
Jeunesse by Miss Elsie Sperry. Miss
Sperry is always faultlessly attired, but
this latest creation is worthy of special
mention. The material was filmy white
chiffon over white silk with garniture of
the pinkest of apple blossoms. The bod
ice was cut decidedly decollete with a
transparent net yoke, dotted here and
there with tiny apple blossoms. The
frou-frou flounces of chiffon in the skirt
were festooned with clusters of the blos
soms and the effect was beautifully ar
tistic.
LENTEN SEASON
IS PRECEDED BY
SATURDAY TEAS
• Saturday teas are still making their
jjresence felt before the beginning of
I^ent. One of the prettiest affairs of this
nature was the Simpson tea, given
by Mrs. John Simpson, at 2520
Vallejo street, complimentary to her
youngest . daughter, Margaret. More
than "00 guests were received between the
hours of 4 and 6 o'clock, and delightfully
entertained. The decorations were un
usually fine. The dining-room was a
bower of green, with an abundance of
American Beauty roses and red carna
tions. There was also red condelabra
carrying out the colors of red and green
¦with artistic effect. The hall was also
lavishly decorated with American Beau
ties and red carnations. Bridesmaid roses
! were the principal feature of the pink
color scheme carried out in the reception
room, while the music-room was done in
carnations of all colors and shades avail
able. Miss Margaret Simpson was also
the recipient of many flowers from her
friends. Good music by the orchestra and
dainty refreshments added much to the
pleasure of the afternoon.
It will be remembered that Miss Mar
garet Simpson isKhe youngest sister of
THE SAJST FRANCISCO ; GAIJL,, MONDAY;; FEBRUARY 10, 1902.
: Fireworks were exploded by dray loads,
long strings of crackers containing In
number from 25 to 100,000 played out of
windows and off of balconies and con
tributed their share to the racket, filling
the'streets with sm,oke, I Orchestras, con
sisting of tom-toms, drums and other
Oriental monstrosities, v twanged and
shrieked discordant sounds in every pub
lic place and-jn many of the houses until
the ear-splitting clamor attracted gen^
c
4
This, signature is on every box of the gennio*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
tt> ¦) remedy that cores a cold tn one (flay.
Baby's future happiness
depends on present
nourishment.
Pictures of well nourished babies in
our book. Send for it; it is free. .
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
lYJellnftioocI
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FOR
Bilious ana Nervous Disorders
Sick Headache and Constipation
TAKE •'•''¦
on the Skin, D^turbed Sleep, Fri|htfuf iSeJnS^d alfN^ 8^ 6^ 3^ B1 °^«
SensatWetc. .The First Dose wiU gire reUeffn^twfnty m^uS%M d - Tre ? b^S
Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try a Box of tw^wn 3 no fiction,
acknowledged to be WITHOUT A RIVAL. e3 ° PlIl3 » and will bo
BEECHAAVS PILLS taken aa directed, will anicilv mtar. ««. *
health. < They promptly remove any obstrnctio^r i^^o^S^ 11 ? 1 ? 3 *° complete
quickly help a WEAlf STOMACH, IMPAIRElf DiaESTK^mSDn^S^ 4^^ and
Prepared only by THOJIAS BEECHAM. St. HeJs En z «^f^ UVB *
Sold everywhere Tin bSS, i& jfcf C " Ul SU * New York «
Wedding Invitations, $2.50.
¦Inside and Outside Envelopes, finest stock.
Odell Print Co., 73 Fourth. Tel Black ISO". •
A Flash of Light
In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious M'
California Limited
gleaming with Its real lights. It races from |
San Francisco to Chicago In three days
ADVERTISEMENTS.Mrs. Sophia Jane Vance.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 9— Sophia Jane Vance,
wife of Police Captain Vance of this city,
died here to-day, aged 68 years. Mrs."
Vance came from Tennessee to this State
in 1860 and had resided in San. Jose since
1870/ Captain Vance has been an active
member of the local police force since
1870. The couple celebrated their golden
wedding two years ago.
James W. j Dickinson.
CLEVELAND, O., Feb. 9.— James W.
Dickinson, former chief of the Cleveland
fire department and one of the best-known
fire-fighters . in the country, died i to-day
after a long illness. . He was . connected
with the Cleveland department for- nearly
a half-century. > , • ;. ,-
J. M. Baldwin
.SUISUN, Feb. 9.— J. M. Baldwin, > for
nearly forty m years a resident of this vicin
ity, is dead "at his home in Sulsun Valley
aged 75 years. Among - K his children are
Mrs. A. L. Cunningham of Oakland and
Mrs. Alden Anderson of Sulsun:. /¦ "~
Daniel W. : Guernsey.
¦ NEW~Y0RK, Feb.' 9.-Danlel -W: Guern
sey, a Civil War veteran, lawyer and poli
tician, died here to-day/ aged 68 years. He
was a leader in Tammany Hall, through
which i organization he was '• made Water
Commissioner.".:' ¦>¦;._ ;., -.-•-. ' ¦ , ¦'.- r
purchase : of typewriters ever made has
been ordered by the Ministry. of Justice
which, after three months of exhaustive
competitive tests,. has contracted to equip
the entire Ministry with not less than 120J
Smith premier Typewriters, supplying
every court.
L. & M. Alexander, 110 Montgomery
street, are the Pacific Coast dealers.
The Austrian Minister of Justice
j'i; Orders Smith Premiers for '
Every Court.
VIENNA. Feb. 7.— The. greatest single
GREATEST TYPEWRITER
SALE ON RECORD
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Feb. 9. — Gen
eral William L. McMillin died this after- ',
noon at the home of his stepson, in this
city, aged 72 years. General McMillin
served throughout the Civil War, retiring
with the rank of brigadier general. He
participated in many battles in the West.
His brigade was sent from j Memphis to
the relief of General Thomas at Nash
ville.-; •:'. '¦¦-'- ' : .. •_ ' •¦¦• '. "'-• ¦> *¦
General William L. McMillin.
CHICAGO, Feb. 9.— Miss Fanny Leland,
daughter of the late Warren F. Leland,'
who was managing the Windsor Hotel at
New York at the time of its destruction
by fire, died to-day at the Leland family
residence on Drexel boulevard. Miss
Leland was 27 years of age, and, while
never of robust health, has failed stead
ily since the death- of her father, which
occurred shortly after the destruction of
the Windsor Hotel. ,
Miss Fanny Leland,
Fire Destroys Georgia Town.
ELBERTON, Ga., Feb. 9.— Fire here
early to-day destroyed nearly all of the
business section of this city, doing dam
age estimated at $100,000. Among the
firms burned out were: Stillwell & Gov
ern, W. H. Corley. T. J. Hulmes, E. B.
Tate & Sons' two stores, the Tate block
the llvery»stables of R. E. Hudglns and
M. H. Maxwell; Tabor & Almand, S. O
Hawes, M.- E. Maxwell, Joseph Cohen,
the T. M. Swift block, and the new plant
of the Southern Bell Telephone Com
pany. ; . • . .
Norma Dobson resides with her grand
parents, Mr.' and Mrs. W. A. Cox. Her
father and mother are not in the city. She
seldom- had difficulties with them and
never dropped an inkling of diasatlsfac
tlon at the life she was living.
The girls had planned their departure.
Grace placed one of Norma's dresses over
her own, and the later wore two of hers
Miss Langford is a short, stout blonde'
and wore a dark dress. Miss Dobson was
attired in a long raglan and is about five
feet four inches In height.
On the day following both girls were
seen several times. In the morning a
friend saluted them on Tenth street, and
they were last heard from at Third and
Howard streets,, several hours later.
Grace had but 10 cents when she left her
mother and Norma had but $1. This is
strong evidence that they had been en*
couraged In their act of leaving home and
had been promised aid.
When midnight approached Mrs. Lang
ford went to Norma Dobson's home and
ascertained that the two girls had gone to
a dance. She waited through the night
for them to return, but neither came
Then she notified the police, and Captain
Seymour detailed Detective Coleman on
the case. '
Otherwise Grace's home life was happy.
She lived alone with her mother, and both
toiled mutually to keep the larder sup
plied with food and place clothes on their
backs. On Tuesday, night Grace stated
to her. mother that , she was obliged to
return to work and would not be home
until late. After her departure from the
house Mrs. Langford was surprised ' to
find the girl's scissors in her lunch bas
ket, and this discovery excited her sus
picions. She then remembered that Grace
had dressed herself unusually well before
leaving the house, though at the time she
attached no especial significance to this
observation.
of dancing, and at every opportunity went
wherever that amusement might be af
forded her. She also had dreams of be
coming a fancy dancer and making her
mark behind the footlights. Mrs. Lang
ford opposed the girl going to some
dances, especially with Norma Dobson,
and although the girl always acquiesced
to her mother's wishes, apparently, she
generally found an excuse to leave
home and indulge in the terpsichorean
sport.
Continued Prom. Page Tnree.
TWO GIRLS RUN AWAY FROM HOME
The pier was 500 feet long and 120 feet
wide, and had a second story. It was
covered with corrugated iron. The floors
were of yellow pine. It contained 211
carloads of flour in barrels and sacks.
Carloads vary from 150 to 200 barrels.
There was approximately 40,000 barrels of
flour on the pier, valued at $3 a barrel.
The steam canal-boat Dale, owned ¦ by
Joseplj Pinnaro, who lived with his wife
in the cabin; the tug- Mildred, the Lehigh
Valley barges President and Pittston,
and the two-masted schooner Meteor,
lying close to the pier, were soon on fire.
The Dale was cut loose and towed about
100 feet toward the river, where it sank.
Pinnaro and his wife escaped over other
craft to the wharf. ¦ The Meteor is nearly
a total loss. . The other boats were saved.
NEW *YORK, Feb. ; 9.— Fire destroyed
pier 7 of the Lehigh Valley Railroad Com
pany in Jersey City this morning, and the
loss, including damage to shipping, was
$250,000. Fire tugs fought valiantly from
the riverside, but the city fire department
was obliged to drive over a mile of rail
road tracks to reach the pier, which was
doomed before the department reached it.
Loss Aggregates a Quarter of a Mil-
lion Dollars.
JERSEY CITY PIER BURNED.
The blaze was . first discovered on the
ground floor of the Shadbolt building,
which was a mass of flames before the
first relay of fire engines arrived. Event
ually two-thirds of the Brooklyn force
was at work. The marine fire corps of
the Brooklyn Navy Yard was employed.
The loss to the Shadbolt is given as
$250,000, fully covered by insurance. This
loss includes the building and stock of
wagons and carriages manufactured by
the company. The total loss to the other
buildings In the vicinity Is placed at *50,
000, and Includes Balnbrldge Sons, sta
tionery manufacturers, four-story brick
structure, directly opposite the Shadbolt
premises, $10,000. insured; Dickersons &
Brown's hat factory, behind Shadbolt
factory, $1000: J. Parker & Co.. shirt man
ufacturers, $15,000; George McHedden'3
frame stable and eighteen of McHedden's
horses, total loss $2000; three-story brick
tenement owned by Stephen Cantonlc of
Jamaica, L. I., $4000; building owned by
Dr. M. Camador, $6000.
The list of the more seriously injured
follows: Patrick Nevlns, superintendent
of the repair shop of the Brooklyn bra rush
of the fire, department; Edward Treuer,
William Moran; George Conrad, i fireman
of Engine No. 110; Captain Oswald, aide
to Fire Chief Croker; Louis Jeroskey,
James Kelly, Roundsman Henry J. K.
Tabor, Peter F. Martin, Edward Hlbey,
William Moore, John Reilly, Stephen D»
lapp and Joseph Kelly, i
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— An official esti
mate of the damage done by the fire
which destroyed the plant of the Shadbolt
Manufacturing Company in Brooklyn
early this morning fixes the loss at "$300,
000. Fourteen persons were injured and
taken to the hospitals and a number of
others were attended by ambulance phy
sicians on the spot.
Loss in a Brooklyn Blaze.
1OTJRTEEN" PERSONS INJURED.
Three Hundred Thousand Dollar
, Three relief meetings were held during
-the afternoon, the principal one of which
was attended by Governor Murphy and
Mayor Hinchcliffe. In a few moments $800
was handed to th* Mayor for immediate
use. but the chief magistrate said that
while the city had suffered a terrible visi
tation, he was in a position to say that
there was very little distress. The busi
ness section of the city had been practi
cally wiped out. but the residence portion
which suffered was that In which well
to-do citizens lived.
Despite the precaution of the authori
ties, there is much confusion in the
streets to-night. The destruction of wires
,left the city In darkness, save for the dull
glow given off by the acres of embers in
the two great fire areas. Hundreds of be
lated visitors crowded around the depots
and struggled in the dark for places in the
overcrowded trains. The street railway
system was badly damaged through the
burning of its wires.
Early .In the day the ¦ Mayor, issued, an
order forbidding the sale of liquor. "It was
Householders and property owners with
in the district will be allowed to pass upon
giving satisfactory reasons and proofs to
the officers. .
To check disorder and prevent crime,
Mayor Hinchcliffe and Sheriff Sturr to
night issued a proclamation that all per
sons shall refrain from traveling or being
upon the public streets of the city of Pat
erson, within the limits of the burned dis
trict, after the hour of 7 o'clock p. m., and
any person refusing or neglecting to obey
this proclamation shall be subject to ar
rest and punishment.
Move to Prevent Crime.
Great pinnacles of ruined brick stood
in every street, but the crowds passed
under them unmindful of the warlngs of
police and firemen. With the crowds came
thieves and looters, but there was not
much pillagring. Under orders from Gov
ernor Murphy, Companies A, C, K and M
of the Fifth Infantry, National Guard, as
sembled at their armories and were held
as a reserve force. The police, deputy
Sheriffs, hundreds of special watchmen
and firemen united In protecting property
during the day.
Paterson rests in a valley and the con
flagration was an imposing spectacle from
the hills that wall it in. Columns of flame
climbed high into the air and shed- their
light for miles. Hundreds of persons
hurried into the city, before daylight to
watch the work of destruction at close
range, and when the day came thousands
more Joined them. The fire became a
great popular spectacle that claimed pa
trons from New Tork and every outlying
town in New Jersey. They crowded the
regular trains of the railways operating
through here and compelled the dispatch
ing of extra trains.. Once In the city they
crowded around the firemen and at times
hampered them in their work. Police lines
were impossible and through the day they
poured In an endless stream through the
desolate streets.
Sightseers Pour Into City.
The final and one of the most desperate
fights of the day occurred in mid-after
noon, back in the first fire area, at the
Hamilton Club, situated at the corner of
Church of Ellison streets. The handsome
clubhouse caught and the exhausted fire
men were rallied around it. They were
anxious to save the structure, and, besides,
failure meant that the fire might take new
headway among the properties adjoining
the clubhouse. The building was doomed,
but a torrent of water kept the fire con
fined to the premises. The four walls of
the clubhouse stood, but the roof collapsed
and the interior was completely burned
out.
This second great fire started at the
angle of Park avenue and Washington
street and swept almost unchecked until
on these two thoroughfares there was no
more fuel. On the right hand side of Mar
ket street it encountered Sandy Hill ceme
tery as a barrier to check it, but on the
left hand side, at Carroll street, it claimed
St. Joseph's Church, a great classic stone
building. It was on this second great fire
that the volunteer firemen from the out
side cities did their most heroic and ef
fective work. They fell back only when
they had to and when the natural obsta
cle interposed they seized their chance
and stopped the fire.
Fire Stops at Cemetery.
There was a "series of explosions and
scores of walls fell when the fire left them
strengthless. Flying firebrands carried
the conflagration over some buildings and
around others, and it therefore burned in
an irregular gpurse. Those brands finally
cleared the tracks of the Erie railway and
Ramapo avenue, and alighting on Straight
street started another great area of fire,
in which the destruction and desolation
wrought was nearly as great as in the
other.
Main street was soon arched over by a
canopy of fire for a block and then for
two blocks, as the flames fastened them
selves upon 'building after building. The
firemen fought with every resource of
their craft and the impulse of despera
tion, but the flames found new avenues
In Ellison and Market streets and got
beyond all control.
Calls for relief went out to every city
In this portion of the country and the
jaded firemen labored on through the
hopeless hours of the morning. The City
Hall, a maflnificent structure, surmount
ed by a great clock tower, situated on
Washington. Ellison and Market streets,
finally caught, and with it went all of the
splendid business structures that sur
rounded it. They made a great furnace of
fire that burned .with a fierce. roar.
Flames Raze the City Hall.
The firemen tried to hem in . the blaze,
but it speedily crossed Van Houten street
in one direction and Main street In an
other and, gaining vigor as it went,
burned unchecked down into the business
district. Every piece of fire mechanism
In the city was called out, but the fire
and gale were masters.
A great torch of flames arose high in
the air, lighting up the country for many
miles and carrying a threat and a warn
ing to the people and property in its path.
There were efforts to rescue furniture
and stock, but the speed with which the
fire moved gave the rescuers little time.
Property was often moved to a place of
presumed safety, only to be eventually
reached and destroyed. The warning to
many was brief and they were forced to
flee, scantily clad, into streets glazed
over with ice and swept by the keen
winds.
The fire began its ¦< work of destruction
at the power house of the Jersey City,
Hoboken and Paterson ¦ Traction Com
pany, which fronted on Broadway and
extended a block to the rear, on Van
Houten street. It commenced in the car
shed and was burning fiercely when one
of the employes detected it. It was leap
ing through the roof and the gale was
lifting It in forks and swirls when the
fire apparatus came into the roadway at
Van Houten and Main streets.
An estimate made from a general In
spection of the smoldering ruins placed
the number of dwellings and apartment
houses destroyed at 500 and the number
of families left without shelter at 1000. A
re-estlmate, when order succeeds con
fusion, may alter these figures. —
Five Hundred Dwellings Burned.
Public buildings — City Hall, Public Library,
old City Hall, folic; Station No. 1, engii.e
house, patrol stables, high school, school I*o.
Churches— First Baptist. Second Presbyter
ian. ParU-avonue Baptist, fit. Marks Episco
pal. St. Joseph's Roman Catholic
Banks — First National. Second National (par
tlaUy) Paterson National. Silk City Trust.
Hamilton Trust. Paterson Trust
Clubhouses— Your.? Men's Christian Associa
tion Knights of Columbus. Progress Club. St.
Joseph's Hall. Hamilton Club.
Office buildings — Romaline building, Katz
bulldint Marshall & Ball. Cohn building. Old
Town &ock~one Kinne building. Stevenson
companies— Western Union. Postal
Telegraph.
Theater — The Garden.
Newspapers— The Evening News, the Sunday
Ch s r °o"es^Quakenbush & Co.. dry goods; Bos
ton store dry goods: National Clothing Com
pany Globe store, dry goods; Kent s drug
¦ton.' Kinsfella's drug store*. Huzzy's hardware
*n( general merchandise, Marshall & Ball,
clovniers; John Norwood, paints; Oberg' b gro
cery: Werntendyke's grocery. P. H. & W. H.
Shields grocery store; The Paterson. dry goods
6tore - Jordan's piano store, Sauter & Co., pia
nos; Feder & McNair. shoes; Sendler's confec
tionery; Tappan's tea store; Ragowski s mil-,
linery. Brohal & Mueller, shoes; C. E. Beach;
automobiles; Moorehead & Son. clothiers; Pat
erson Gas and Electric Company, Skye s drug
¦tore. Mackintosh's drug store.
finally came to them they were grimed
and exhausted.
A partial list of the properties^ de
stroyed follows:
To-night most of. the guests have been
for in the list of dead, injured
'and escaped. Among, those unaccounted
for Is A. Goldberg, a stranger, who came
in late and went to bed without register
ing, and two students, whose names are
not known. It is not believed there are
any more bodies in the ruins, which have
been carefully searched. For this reason
it is believed the missing men will put in
an appearance.
J.- J. Lally, who. managed the hotel for
his brother-in-law, J. W. Gillam, had
rooms on the first floor. He said there
were four rooms on the first floor, nine on
the second and seven on the third. If all
the guests occupied their rooms thirty-six
persons, .including the. colored porter and
the chambermaid, were in the building
when it burned. 'Lally said he; had no
means of knowing just how many persons
were ! in the house - at • the time the . fire
broke out. Some of them were in the
habit of staying out late, and it is possi
ble, all were not ~ there then: \ He was
awakened by hearing 'Cornelius Ryan,
one of the roomers, crying "Fire!" Lally
said he grabbed his clothing and money
and hurried into the hall, which was
ablaze, and without* stopping to dress
stepped out through the front door. Both
stairways were on fire and he barely had
time to get out. Lane, Ryan and a man
named Nicely escaped the same way. Tho
only way for the others -to get out alive
was through the windows, the burning
stairways cutting off their escape that
way. Some jumped and sustained injuries
more or less serious, while others who
took time to improvise ropes from their
bedclothing got down safely. .
After a short fight. the firemen got the
flames under controland, assisted by the
police, made a search of the ruins. The
first body found was that of John C. Lue
ders, who was killed by jumping from the
third story. His head waB"* crushed in.
The body of Lueders and those, of the oth
ers found later were taken to the Morgue,
where friends .and relatives identified
them. Sarah Harris was found on the
first floor. The remains of the other vic
tims were found in : their rooms, ¦¦ where
they had been' suffocated or burned. .
All of the Bodies Recovered.
Almost everybody who got out suffered
some injury or was frost-bitten. Some
¦saved their clothing, which they carried
in their hands, but others were not bo for
tunate, jloslng everything. After some de
lay near-by houses were opened to the un
fortunates arid they were given shelter
from the biting cold weather. It was one
of the, coldest nights of the winter, the
ground being covered with ice and snow,
and; every one suffered from . exposure.
The suffering ones were put " under the
care of physicians. Harry . CUne, Walter
Johnson, Henry Robinson and an un
known man, who died later, were taken
to the City Hospital. ,. Robinson recovered
enough" to be taken home. The others
named will be laid up for some time.
scene the whole front of the building was
in flames and the interior was a seething
furnace. \ By that time all who escaped
death had got o,ut of the building by
Jumping from the windows or climbing
down ropes made of .bedclothes. A few
escaped from the ground floor through tha
front door. Some of j the escapes were
very narrw.
George Fitzmaurice, a fireman, who
had been acting as driver for Fire Chief
Stagg, is dying. He -was drivin~ an en
gine from Passaic, when the horses bolted
and before Fitzmaurice could get them
under control they brought the apparatus
against an electric pole and Fitzmaurice,
who had not waited to strap himself in.
was hurled out upon his head. There is
no chance for his living.
Reuben Isllb, -while serving coffee to the
exhausted firemen, was hit on the head
by« a felling beam and it is doubtful if he.
will recover. He was carried away^by the
firemen as they made their retreat from
the doomed schoolhouse.
Scores of persons were hurt and burner,
but the loss of life is not believed to be
great. Many persons are reported to be
missing, but in the excitement and fright
most of these are supposed to K ~ sepa
rated from their families and friends.
One death was reported as . a possible
outcome of the conflagration — a Mrs.
Brown— who, it was said,- was more than
80 years old and who was removed- from
her residence, IS Broadway.just two doors
from where the fire started in- the car
sheds. She was taken to the residence of
a friend nearby shortly after ¦¦ midnight
and died an hour later. It was said that
her death was hastened by the excitement
consequent on her nasty, removal to a
place of safety.
Many Persons Reported" Missing,
It was in its newest and best built'por
tions that Paterson suffered, though some
of the property" now lying in blackened
ruins had an interest which came with
age and usage. • .
Nowhere was the scene of devastation
more marked than north of the Erie Riv
er, in the district bounded by Sixteenth
avenue and Market street. There was
simply nothing but ashes left to tell that
a busy and populous section of the city
had ever existed. *
On .Washington street, between Broad
way and Market street, there is 'nothing
left. . •
Church street is wiped out on its west
side between Ellison and Market streets,
as it is on the east side. •
Market street is a pile of ruins from
Main street to the Market-street church
on the north side and on the south side.
From Main street to Paterson, between
Van Houten and Market streets, there is
little left. On the block bounded by Main,
Ellison, Washington and Market streets
not a single . building except that of the
Paterson Savings Institution stands. All
along the west side of Main street prop
erty is wiped out. as it is on the east side
from Market to Van Houten streets."
Along the south side of Broadway, be
tween Washington and Church streets,
great damage has been done. ¦ : .
Van Houten street is reduced to smol
dering debris, as far as buildings are con
cerned, for some distance.
Ellison street suffered from the neigh
borhood of Prospect street on its north
side as far as Church street. On the south
side of this street there is widespread ruin
from a short distance west of Main street
to the parsonage of the Second Presbyte
rian Church, near Paterson street.
The area of destruction foots up, rough
ly, twenty-five city blocks. •
Twenty-Five Blocks in Ruins
Late to-night the fire still burns, though
1thas been well under control since mid
afternoon. The fine interior of the Ham
ilton Club, which was the last of the
buildings of prominence to suffer, was
crackling and Its walls were reddened by
the glow from slowly expiring flames
within and around. .
not obeyed, however, and there was con
siderable drunkenness. ¦ i -iC^..' ¦•
ELEVEN PERISH IN ST. LOUIS FIRE
AND PATERSON SUFFERS FROM FLAMES
KANSAS WOMAN TELLS
. OF A BRUTAL MURDER
Rhoda Taylor Relates How Noah
Long Was Put to
; Death.
taunted her with not being able to se
cure the money from Long, who, it ap
pears, had also paid her some attention. -
During. the evening she declares Dono
hue | robbed \the old - man • and then com
pelled her to- start with' him across a
bridge over the Kaw. "While 1 In -the mid
dle of the bridge t.ie man, she asserts,
caught up with them, held Long and or
dered her to hurry on and not turn back.
A' moment later she heard a splash, she
says, and knew that they had thrown
Long into the water. . .
Donohue^Dave Moran, a nephewof the
missing man, and the Taylor woman
were arrested on Tuesday last and Goff
was taken to-day after she had made the
confession. All live In the bottoms along
the ' river. Last night - Moran V attempted
to commit suicide by trying to cut an ar
tery in his wrist. .The nature of the
charge- against Moran is rfot known. ;»
On the day fbefore Long - disappeared
Argentine I was furnished- another mys
tery in the finding In his hut of the dead
bcdy of Thomas Carroll, 65 years of age,
who had lived alone for years. He was
known to •• have had considerable money
and^woundson his head made it appear
that he' had been murdered by robbers.
No clew to his assailants has . been
found. ¦-•• '-' .
~. Following this, Georee Zimmerman,
'¦.¦•>¦•' i ' •. - ¦¦'¦"' ¦': = .''¦¦¦•
. ¦
I ACCIDENT^ IN" CHURCH {
ENDS THIRTEEN" LIVES
Thirty Persons Injured in a Disaster
in One of the Towns in •
.Colombia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1902.
Continued. From Page, One
ELEVEN PERISH IN ST. LOUIS FIRE
Continued From Page One
TEN MILLION DOLLARS' LOSS BY FIRE
THE DAY'S DEAD.
His Son the Condor's Commander.
NEW "YORK, Feb. 9.— Among the ar
rivals on the Cunard steamer Lucania to
day was Sir Charles Cameron, Bart., a
former member of Parliament. He is the
father-in-law of Commander. Clifton
Slater, of ; the British naval ship Con
dor, which is supposed, to be lost in. Pa
cific waters. He is going to Esquimault,
B. C, to Join his daughter, Mrs. Slater,
and look after her affairs. ¦ .¦ _ ¦
5
KANSAS CITY, Mo. , Feb. 9.— Rhoda
Taylor has made ,a written confession to
the police of V Argentine, . Kans., across
the- river from here, that Noah Long,
the aged , stonemason who .'disappeared
mysteriously from his home there a week
ago to-day, had been robbed and'that his
body was thrown into the Kaw River.
' Long was an old soldier and had drawn
$210 pension money from the bank on
Thursday, last. He visited ' a saloon ( in ,
Argentine that nigh t,\ which was ', the last
time he had been seen: To-day the police
are searching for the body in j the river,
which, except at the place it is alleged he
was thrown In, Is covered with .thick ice.
According to. the .woman's confession;
which .was signed ; In the presence of a
reporter,' Henry Donohue- and James' Goff
were ¦ with her and "Long- at vDonohue's '
house on the -Thursday .night: Long dis
appeared.- ¦ Donohue,' who 'was infatuated
with the woman,": ; had,: she asserted,
. • ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ .•¦¦•¦
PANAMA, Feb. 9.— An accident in. th«
jphurch of Horencitos, in Chiriqul. ' result
ed In the death of thirteen persons a.ni
the severe wounding of thirty otnera.
aged 63 years, a farmer, was found deal
in his home, where he had lived alone
six miles west of Argentine. The bodj
was frozen stiff. The Coroner, however
decided that Zimmerman's death 1 was du«
to heart disease.
Nothing Is "Just as Good"
as S. H. & "M. If it was, other binding:
would sell as well. . •
. , ¦ » » »
During 1S81 and 1SS2 the European In*
migration to the United States reached lti
maximum and amounted to 730,000.' persona
The number In 1SS5 was 332.0OQ; in 1S91, 595,
000; In 1897-98, 230,000; In 1893-99, 311,000.
The Connecticut Mutual has returned tc
its policy holders and their beneficiaries
98 86 per cent of all it has received fron:
them; what it has returned and the as-
sets ifstiU holds for the security of its
contracts are 128.98 per cent of what it has
received for them; and its expenses oi
management for all that time have beet
but 9.13 per cent of its total income.
It Is the simple fact that no America r
company matches this record. And it is
this record of the past, the present main-
tenance of the conditions which made it
possible, and a financial condition of un-
usual soundness and strength, that w#
-offer as the best possible guarantees o>
the future. Respectfully submitted,
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
January 21.- 1902. .:¦-. - -¦
i a" i 1 IS I
i is 1 : -?;i fill! : : - : - {
: |1 I :»%S -&Sa- !i : :
: II 3 : §5« : « a |: g: : :
: r : lit :l|8r :;•:;
: g§ .: : : f y : s£$: : : : : §
• » c r •is.iryir ;...,. •*
: $» -j . -.3» ••• "s
'TVS . «.r»"1 ...» _
i Hi liifli I'i&ili ! = :: a
: : : : : : jp : : : : : : : : : 2
! i : : if :::::!::: %
; :: ; : . 3 :... z
: 2 -».... m \i
: : : : : : § a : : : : -*SS >
t ' '. '• * - ? '• • • • «a»-»M ~
: .: : : i I : ? • • • I S33*S g
: j : \ 55*1 SMSS
: : • : «SH 3§£=!
: . : . £-J p?PP
• II I O "<S OB -' *• ¥ s?
: : : : gsl SeSU
: : : : £3£ 2332
-*» •*• m £» ¦'¦¦ *","":
a »s 2 «
<j gg § 2
PRICES
Regular Retail Prices
Virtually Gut in
Two.
As Announced in Yesterday's
Paper, the Pommer-Eilers
Music Go. Will Sacrifice a
Large Wholesale Stock of
Choice New and Second-
Hand Pianos. Astoundingly
Low Prices and Also Most
Favorable Terms of Pay-
ffl3flt.
In effecting the organization of the
Pommer-Eilers Music Company last week
¦we agreed with Eilers Piano Company to
take off their hands their entire whole-
sale stock at their former vrarerooms, and
on th# way. It is out intention to actively
commence business on March 1st with an
absolutely new stock of pianos and or-
gans which is now being selected at the
various Eastern factories by the presi-
dent of our company, and we have there-
fore determined to close out all the in-
struments received in the above trans-,
action. "We realize that only the most un-
merciful price cutting will speedily dispose
of this Etock at this time. A vast number
of pianos were sold by the Eilers Piano
Company during their recent great sacri-
fice sale by offering them at ridiculously
low prices, and therefore our only alter-
native Is slashing: prices again, and down
they gro. JTow is the opportunity of your
life-
THE PRICES.
Here era prices lower than have ever
been m&de on reliable instruments of slm-
liar grade and value in this country.
Every piano and organ has been marked
down to prices absolutely without parallel
in the history of piano merchandise:
High grade Hallett & Davis square piano
In most excellent condition 857.OO
Zeck upright piano, fancy case, in perfect
tune $63.00
Kirkman upright, nearly new, cost $275 re-
cently, now .-SG.OO
Choice of nearly a dozen regular $275 up-
rights, now $136.00
Plainer cases, also brand new..$118.OO
20 regular $300 and $325 style, also brand
new and fully warranted, now $176.00 and
8183.00
One fancy Chickering Bros, upright (the
Chicago make), the so-called 5550 styles,
now 8200.00
A large number of the very choicest mot-
tled mahogany and walnut $375 and $400
styles, wholesale value $276 and $2S5.
now „.. 8227.OO
Plainer styles S218.OO
Still others at 8196.OO
Two very fancy mottled mahogany cabi-
net grand sample pianos, the very best
made, with all the latest improvements.
Including the finest Wessel, Xickel &
Gross action, retail $450 and $475 respec-
tively, now 8258*00
The very highest grade fancy 7 1-3 oc-
taves pianos, with can-ed or plain panels
as desired, full swinging duet music
desk, revolving lock board, three pedals,
the third a soft or practice pedal, the
regular $500 value, at a saving in price '¦
of exactly $1S2. Some a little plainer.
yet very beautiful styles, for $266, $258
8245.00
THE TERMS.
With the exception of our three most
elaborate and expensively hand-carved
etyles, the factory cost of -which slightly
exceeds $350. and on which terms will be '
no less than $50 and $20 per month. •
All pianos are for sale on terms of $25 '
down and $10 per month, and some lnstru- '
ments may be had for as little as $6 down. !
ORGANS range from $28 for a second-
hand Packett in good order to $68 for a
beautiful walnut cased KImball organ, '
and terms are $8 or $10 down and $4 or $5
per month.
Since all prices are based on actual cost
price of the goods, those taking advan-
tage of the above named easy terms will
pay interest on deferred payments of 8
per cent per annum.
FULLY GUARANTEED.
Every piano and organ sold will be ac-
companied by the factory's unconditional
five years' guarantee, which guarantee
¦will be countersigned by us, thus fully
protecting the customer in every way.
This sale as above will be at our new
store, 653 Market street, San Francisco,
and if every one in this city could but
realize the exact situation as it is, noth-
ing would be left for sale by Tuesday
night.
Store open day and evening until closed
out.
POMMER-EILERS
MUSIC CO.,
653 Market Street.
Moreover, a life insurance company can-
not undertake the obligations and opera-
tions peculiar to other Institutions without
using methods and subjecting its business
to contingencies ¦ which contravene and
imperil the very . structure imposed 1 upon
life-insurance by its own particular pur-
pose. ' • .
When a life insurance company in order
to attract business undertakes to treat its
reserves, created and held for, the ulti-
mate payment -of. -all ¦its insurance con-
tracts, as if they were deposits in a sav-
ings ; bank.Vsubject to .withdrawal at the
will of the depositor, and so to be looked
on by him '"as an Investment; or makes 4ts
policies seem to be a "bond," comparable
in cost and outcome with a real bond in-
vestment, it not only exposes its whole In-
surance business to the sudden paying out
of the reserves necessary to Its Integrity,
but, If it, regards its premiums as "de-
posits" or as ."installment payments" for
the purchase of '.'bonds," it has to charge
these deposits or installments with ;not
only their annual, contribution to death
losses, but* with commissions to agents
and ' other v expenses, which take out of
them every year a large percentage on
each $100 deposited or paid in, varying ac-
cording to the company* £» economy or
But because a man's duty to protect his
family is imperative and because he can-
not otherwise rightly and fully discharge
it, he is justified in incurring that ex-
pense for that purpose. , But he is not
justified in incurring that, expense by
using the company to do some other and
different thing which can be done by
some other instrumentality at far less
expense. ' ,
While, then, the service life insurance
renders is unique, its cost, even when
kept rigidly down to a' minimum, is
unique as compared with that of savings
banks or the investment of money In or-
dinary safe wavs. '
Unfortunately the business is and apr
parently can be done only by solicitation,
which is costly; and it demands the em-
ployment of large office . and medical
staffs and field organizations.'
In dealing with life insurance as one of
the, most useful and influential factors
In the development of our socio-economic
life, it is of the highest importance not
enly to recognize at its fullest use and
value its true aim and single function,
but also to recognize the limitations of
lhat function by reason both of the sin-
gleness of the aim itself and by certain
incidents inseparable from the conduct
of the business as a business; which inci-
dents sum up their effect in an expense
of management necessarily higher than
that of any other class of institutions
used for the care and . investment i of
money. ': . .
This is the one thing life insurance can
do; this is the^. one* thing 'which no other
device of man can do. Every other thing
that can be done for men with money,
and with their. money, can be done, and
best done, by other financial schemes and
the institutions designed and fitted to
their specific purposes, but this one thing
none other can do. Therefore must he on
whose life others depend use It for their
immediate and sufficient protection.
The Limitations of Life Insurance.
Life insurance changes all this: It, and
it alone among human schemes, can pro-
vide at once, in case of death, the fund
which could have been accumulated only
in a long lifetime, which might never
have been otherwise accumulated at all,
which at best could have grown but slow-
ly, and might have been stopped at any
time.
For consider: Life insurance contem-
plates and is adjusted to just one end—
the immediate and sufficient protection of
those dependent ones who are either not
at all or insufficiently provided - for in
case their breadwinner dies, and for
whom he can make no other provision at
once, and can make no other at all ex-
cept by the long- process of yearly sav-
ings slowly accumulated in savings banks
or by investment in safe securities bear-
ing interest at a moderate rate, all sub-
ject to interruption and delay by unfor-
tunate contingencies, and to be brought
to an end at any moment by his death.
The True Aim.
What better can it do? What other or
different thing -ought it to strive for?
What other or different thing can it, or
any other company, undertake with real
success?
. While others strive for, great and rapid
growth/regardless of the great cost and
enormous waste of business that go
with their fierce competition', and would
persuade the public that all who do not
adopt their alms and follow their meth-
ods are deficient in ambition and energy,
your company holds steady to the purpose
of furnishing* the best that life insurance
can do at its very least attainable cost.
It is by resolute adherence to these prin-
ciples and . the maintenance . of these
necessary conditions, against : a competi-
tion inspired by very different views, that
The Connecticut Mutual has come to that
estate of solid strength in its member-
ship, health and soundness in its busi-
ness, its condition, and that steady uni-
formity of the best results year after
year, which haVe been and continue to be
among the most marked characteristics
of its prosperous and beneficent career.
The Secret of Its Success.
One more has been added to , the many
years in which by; the diligent exercise of
carefulness, prudence- and ~ economy "you l-'
company has, .i in -the, fullness of strength
and in ; a degree equaled by . none other, 1
been realizing for its ; great '•membership
the perfect intention and the ideal : results
of life Insurance; absolutely _ reliable pro-
tection to; the beneficiaries needing It, at
its actual and lowest' annual: cost .to the
person paying for it, with complete equity
between the - members; .•„ and what is of
equal moment, it has steadfastly main-
tained 'those principles 'of administration
whichf are essential to 'enduring success;
those conditions t of vigorous j vitality der
termined by the selection of j, sound lives
in healthy localities, low cost of business,
the conservative extent arid' character t of
contract undertakings/ with'ithelr^.prop'er
financial' basis and protection, which will
still enable It as the years go by to fulfill
to the letter, at least cost, and to'the
highest hope; and .trust of .the dependent
family, the one specific service which life
insurance, ; alone ' among human institu-
tions, can render/ :
To the Members
CONNECTICUT
MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY, '
OF THE—
FIFTY-SIX rH ANNUAL REPORT
We ask careful scrutiny of the follow-
ing record of the operations of fifty-six
years :
We are maintaining the low cost of busi-
ness; the sales of real estate will jrrad-
ually reduce taxes and expenses and im-
prove the surplus income, and we shrunk
our surplus last year only $180,308.
And our situation respecting the use of
surplus differs materially from that of
most companies in this, that the bulk of
theirs is held under a moral though not a
legal or contract Hen for the deferred divi-
dends hoped for by those who outstay the
next one to twenty years. It i3 not so
with us. It is not held as a speculation
for a few. but for the benefit of the busi-
ness as a whole.
The market value of our securities has
j increased considerably during the year;
and they are of a cnaracter to be least
unfavorably affected by market fluctua-
tions.
Surplus and Dividends.
As the cost of a man's policy In & mn-
, tual insurance company-is the difference
' between the premiums charged and the
amount returned to him by way of a divi-
dend, the surplus earned and the surplus
divided become very important factors in
his experience with his company. Surplus
can be earned legitimately In only three
ways: 1— by smaller expenses than the
premium provides for; 2— by a less mortal-
I ity than is provided for; 3— by a higher
rate of interest than is assumed as prob-
able in computing premiums and reserves.
For many years the competition haa had
a bad effect upon the expense account of
most companies; it has also led to a goou
deal of apparently doubtful experimenta-
tion in the selection of risks and in dealing
with hazards; and the steady decline In
the interest rate has eaten away mucn of
a very important item of possible surplus.
The matter Is of somewhat special In-
terest to us | at this time because the dis-
agreeable task of cutting dividends has
been in recent years and is still being
quite largely performed by some com-
panies; and any reference to their reduced
dividends In comparison with the increas-
ing scale maintained by the Connecticut
Mutual for now twenty-one years is met
by the assertion that this company, too,
must presently cut down its returns; that
the rate of Interest is going down, ami
that its surplus is already diminishing.
We have never undertaken to prophesy.
We do not try to prejudge events. We pre-
fer to meet them, and our duty to you
under them, without pressure or prejudice
from wrong preconceptions, or from hav-
ing put ourselves in a false position. Wh<>n
we can no longer earn the surplus we aro
dividing and can no longer safely trench,
upon the large existing surplus, kept up
for the purpose, to maintain the present
rate of dividend, we shall not hesitate to
say so and to act as the facts may- require.
History of Our Surplus.
We only wish to call the attention of
those In any manner Interested to & few
pertinent facts: . • •
For many years this company has been
governed by the idea that, while surplus
should be quite closely divided each year
so as to make a man's payments as small
as possible, yet, as it is impossible that an
absolutely complete division can be made,
and as a gradual If small annual reduction
In payment tends to the persistence of the
business, it is desirable in unusually good
years to accumulate such margins of sur-
plus as may be earned over and above or-
dinary surplus-earning capacity, to b«
used in maintaining the dividend rate in
the years when the margins, may fall be-
low. It greatly helps the premium-payer,
and, the proper adjustment by post-mor-
tem dividend being made, it work3 no in-
equity to any one.
During the decade 1870-80 the company
had occasion to trench very largely on
accumulated surplus In this manner. In
1881 its surplus was $3,351455, which was
6.77 per cent of Its assets. The conditions
being untoward, it was decided to reduce
the dividend scale to the apparent actual
earning capacity. From this point we be-
gan to earn small items of surplus above
the amount annually divided. In 1882 wa
recast the premiums and reserves for all
future business on a basis of 3 instead of
4 per cent interest, which cut down the
margin for expenses and increased the
amount required for reserve. Notwith-
standing. In 1892 the surplus had crept up
to $6,059,136. It was then deemed proper
to liberally revise the scale of division; but
the surplus continued to increase until
1898 when it stood at $7,521,909. Since then,
it has been somewhat drawn upon each,
year to maintain the long-continued scale
of dividend. How long it may be neces-
sary to do this, if It long remains neces-
sary, or how far we may deem, it wl»e and
prudent to continue the process, we can-
not predict. It Is a just and proper as*
well as the intended use of past accumu-
lations of surplus so long as it is safe.
When it approaches the questionable point
we shall stop and frankly go upon a scale
that squares with the facts and conditions
likely to govern the future.
We could spare over $2,500,000 from our
present surplus of $7,011,040, and yet have
as large a percentage to assets remaining
as when we made the last cut in 1881.
saying nothing of over $2,470,000 greater
comparative strength in our reserves by
reason of the 3 per cent Interest assump-
tion. ._ .
The balance or net, profit- of the year
upon changes in ! securities and sale of
real estate was $88,603.75.
The Interest rate on desirable loans and
securities has tended to a still further de-
cline, with a growing scarcity of satis-
factory investments for funds in the na-
ture ' of a trust. We have considerably
reduced loans on real estate and increased
our holding of first class railway securi-
ties.. .-¦';' ' - ' ' V '" : :.*.<-¦
The large addition to the Home Office
building referred to In our last report I?
nearing completion, and is being followed
by changes in and additions to the old,
which will bring the two advantageously
together, with a good prospect of a satis-
factory financial re.sult.
For the seven years prior to 1901 fore-
closures . of mortgages were in consider-
able excess of sales. During the last year,
however, the situation has changed; we
took In properties costing us $217,814.35,
and sold properties that had cost $868,-
379.26. Some of these sold at a profit and
some at less than original cost. Many of
the properties sold -were among our older
holdings In localities where changes of
business centers had permanently depre-
ciated -values. .We still have some prop-
erties In like situation, which will prob-
ably sell for something less than cost,
and it is our purpose to dispose of them
as it can be done without unnecessary
loss, and so Improve Income and reduce
expense. Upon the greater . body of our
holdings, : however, we may reasonably
expect some gain In a fair market. We
have made a good deal of money on the
whole on foreclosed real estate.
ments.
The same careful ecorfomy has been ex-
ercised as in all the past. For the last
two or three years the expenses incident
to the care and repairs upon foreclosed
real estate, which have been charged to
expense account rather than to the prop-
erty account, have carried our expense
ratio temporarily higher than our usual
standard. This difference will disappear
as the property which has caused it is dis-
posed of. The ratio for 1901 was less than
that for 1900.
Heal Estate, Interest and Invest-
Expenses of Management
The volume of risks, their excellent
character, their steady persistence and
the care with which new business is se-
lected to replace the old, all combine to
give a mortality experience very favorable
in rate and very uniform on the average.
Throughout the entire history of the com-
pany its losses have been less than four-
fifths of those expected.
Owing to the age of the company and
the remarkably small proportion of lapses
and surrenders and the consequent per*
sistence of its business, its risks have
come to have a greater average age than
those of any other company; it has also
proportionately larger resources in the
reserves held on the amount at risk. Al-
though from the greater average age the
mortality is necessarily large, it is far less
than was expected and has been provided
for by these greater resources, a corre-
sponding part of which becomes each .year
a saving from the expected losses. This
saving during the past year amounted to
$595,819. . '
Mortality.
The new business written was larger in
amount than in the previous year; the
number of lapses and other terminations
was considerably: smaller; the increase in
the amount of business In force was con-
sequently greater, with a corresponding
increase in premium income and in assets.
In its main results and In the conditions
affecting the future with which it closes,
the year 1901 was a satisfactory one. The
details are given so fully elsewhere that
we shall here deal only with the general
features of the year's experience.
The Operations of the Year.
It is in its business so conceived, so
based and so administered, that your
company has achieved that great
strength, steady prosperity, and that
steady and great volume of operation
that have enabled it to serve its members
to their unique advantage; and it is in
holding to the same sure conditions and
in the full fruition of their consequences,
that it confidently hopes to render a fu-
ture service of equal beneficence to de-
pendent families, and of equal value to
those whose duty it is to protect them.
It is because there Is but just the one
thing that 'life-insurance can do that no
other institution can do, and because, at
best, its necessary cost is relatively high,
and because any* other financial operation
can be better and more cheaply done by
some other -institution organized for its
own specific purpose, and.because a life.
Insurance company cannot do anything
.that other institutions specifically under-
take except at a Sisproportionate and
excessive cost, and yet more, because any
other thing which other Institutions un-
dertake is, in specific aim, method and in-
cident, in conflict with and more or less
destructive of the proper aims, methods
and results of life insurance and its ad-
ministration; it is • because of these
things The Connecticut Mutual has re-
fused to be led aside by the stress of com-
petition, to deck 'out "life insurance In the
garb of something else, has adhered to
the true and particular aim of life in-
surance and its necessary method, . and
has thereby accomplished its intended
result of perfect protection at low cost in
an incomparable degree; it is because of
these things that it still so bases and
frames and administers its contracts as
to give to its beneficiaries sure protection
at least cost and at an annual cost to
the payer of the premiums, according to
his own proper risk from whatever cause,
protecting him against fraud by others
and the cost of It, and not taking any-
thing from him by any device for the
benefit of some one else.
The Sound Position.
. And. yet one of the most striking fea-
tures: of the experience of 'the companies
competing .by .these methods for great
growth for twenty-five years and more is
the fact that, notwithstanding the enor-
mous lapses and forfeitures, which have
occurred -and upon ; which they have de-
pended, for unusual profits to those who
outlived and outstayed the deferred divi-
dend period, tthe . expense has been so
great that the actual dividends have not
even approximated the estimates upon
which the business was secured. J
Lesson, of Experience,
Present Competition,
'Obviously^ one cannot afford to. employ
a.;life insurance company. with its neces-
sarily high expense rate to act as his sav-
ings bank, nor to regard 1 its policies, how-
ever, phrased,, as real investment bonds,
nor to "have his life Insurance, on which
his family, depends, exposed to the con-
stant menace of the wholesale withdrawal
by. others of the necessary reserves as if
they were really mere deposits in bank.
.Yet it Is precisely along these lines that
Dusmecs .'is most- sought to-day, and the
companies seeking it most eagerly are
those that have the heaviest expense rate,
and; the business Is secured in part: at
least through misapprehension; The ex-
pense.is concealed from the policy holder
for. the present by postponing dividends
for . long- periods -of years, with the ex-
pectation also that meantime many for-
feitures will occur for the benefit of those
wh ° outstay the period; the "5 per cent
bond sells through concealment of- it3
real cost and of the fact that for the
same money one pays for a $10,000 "bond"
he could -have instead $13,000 cash down;
a . nd ,, e companies turn themselves prac-
Ji ca j lv u lnto 8avl ngrs banks, trusting luck
that the run may never come which would
destroy, them as insurance companies.
want of It. And this stands in contrast
with deposits in savings banks without
any commissions at all and but alight
comparative cost of management, and
with real investments in mortgages, bonds
or good stocks, with no expense at all.
INSURANCE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURANCE.
INSURANCE.HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest Winter
Resort In the world, offers be»t Hvlns. climate.
boatinp. bathing:. ' fishing and most amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock. manager. Coronado. Cat
The Nez Perce, Indians of Idaho are contorting
themselves in a wild, weird "dance" of disapproval" to
show objection to an act of Jhe Government.
The red men possibly nee^d : some new , instructions^ in.
that dance In the air which throttles disapproval.
"Why Is that picture turned toward the
wall?" "Oh. that is a haying scene and
we have to hide it whenever Uncle
Thomas visits us, because he is a hay
fever sufferer."
Canada s experiment with penny postage is said to
have been even more successful than was expected
In 1896, the last year of the old rate, there was a de
ficit of $781,152, but for the year ending last June the
deficit was but $416,184. Experiments that are so
profitable are worth making, and it would not be a
bad idea for the United States to try it.
What you pay for extracts la Important, but
what you get is ten times more Important. Bur
nett's Vanilla costs more because it'a worth more.
Dr. See of the Unite^ States Naval Ob
servatory in Washinglon haa conduced
that there are about 1,200,000,000 tele
scopic meteors appearing in the sky
dally. - ¦'
"There's that girl slnjcinsr -a t»i '** ,
Glided eager" said the^rvo'us^n 111 *
and lot it »y .~W^,S£ to ' n h « st S«»
"Colonel, I saw one of the lat»at t 1
menu, of war a few ninJttt *££^
"Indeed; and what was that'"
' A typewriter. Colonel •'• v~ :C •
Statesman. -Yonkers
We have at least one in the guilty
criminations and recriminations in which. England,
Germany/ Italy, France, Austria and Russia are in
dulging over that. note which wasfto have frightened
us .out of the war with Spain. " We ; taught ; our Eu
ropean friends, including our kind English' cousins,
that our 1 business is our own and it is 'best for them
to attend to their own or. get into trouble.
/ Brigadier General Charles P. . Eagan is
registered with 'his wife at the Palace,
having iust arrived from the City of Mex
ico. ¦ ¦ • ; . ... .
"" Edward "Walden". a brandy and wine
manufacturer of Napa'County, is a guest
at the California. '
J. E. Seroy, a mlnlngman of Bakers
field, is at the Lick, accompanied by his
wife.'." \ .-..; "..
Bank Commissioner John Markley Is
registered at the Lick from Geyservllle.
L. Llchtenberger, a business man of Los
Angeles,' is at the Grand.
H. A. Cohen, a mining *nan ; of Salt
Lake City, Is staying at the California.
Herbert Slater, connected with the San
ta Rosa Pf*ess..lsa guest afthe. Grand.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Monc
lomery street. - Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend'B California glace fruit*. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or. Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern irlends.
K» Market at.. Palace Hotel building •
Cai. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.Townsend'9.*
A New York dispatch says : "An agreement has
been signed by all of the principal . trans- Atlantic
steamship lines whereby rates between this - country
and Great Britain on three of the most important ar
ticles of export from the United States, grain, flour
and produce, will be advanced about . 50 per cent."
Doubtless Pierpont' Morgan engineered the deal, for
he can never get all, the money in the world unless he
rakes the sea. as well as the land. SM ;^ •
unknown in India, but there are now 150,
000 miles of road,; of which over 30,000 are "inet
taled." The railways in the British colonies no w aggre
gate 63,540 miles, against 33,000 in 1885, a growth in
fifteen years exceeding; the entire distance aroumTthe
earth. The irrigation canals and other, works of India
are 36,000 miles in extent, and the area irrigated by all
methods exceeds 30,000,000 acres, and although they
have cost- about 400,000,000- rupees the value of a
It is by the British that colonial administration in
our .time 1 has been undertaken on the largest scale,
and to their work the summary is mainly'devoted. At
the time the British took control, good roads were
FROM the Treasury Bureau of Statistics there
. has just been issued an elaborate report on
"Colonial Administration", designed' to show
what the great colonizing countries of the world have
done for the advancement and extension of civiliza
tion, with all its attendant benefits, among the races
over which they -exercise a colonial supervision
From the summary given to the press it appears the
report is a strong presentation of what the white man
has accomplished in bearing the burden of civilizing
the world. . }-, : . 1
COLONIAL ADMINISTRATION.
8CHMITZ— A Subscriber, City. This
correspondent asks, "Why la It that the
Mayor of San Francisco assumes the
name of Schmitz in view of the fact that*"
'when he went to school he was plain
Smith?" The Mayor may have been
called "plain Smith" by his schoolmates,
but he baa always borne the name of
Schmitz, because that was his father's
name. His father was Joseph L. Schmiu.
MINING CLAIMS— H. H., Porterville
Tulare County, Cal. There Is no provision
of law preventing parties from locating
other claims on the same lode outside of
the first location made on the lode or
vein. If a lode or vein t~ree thousand
feet in length is discovered two locations
may be made, each fifteen hundred feet,
thereon.
BALDWIN HOTEI*-S. R. r p a lm
Springs, Riverside County, Cal. The Bald
win Hotel had a frontage of 141:10% feet
on Market atreet. 22:8% feet on Eddy
street and J75 feet on Powell street. There
Is no such corner as the northeast corner
of Market and Powell streets in San
Francisco.
MULES— Subscriber, City. A party
having several hundred mules to sell
might find a purchaser for them by ap
plying at United States army headquar
ters. -; :^:.y „> i*
WEDDING ANNIVERSART-C. S., Al
ameda, Cal. The fortieth anniversary of
a wedding is called the ruby wedding.
HALF OF 1832— F. E. G., Rohnerville
Humboldt County. Cal. No premium Is
offered for a half dollar of 1832.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FIVE DOLLARS-A. O. S.. City. A &
piece of 1839 is not a premium coin.
The repairs to the new Franch armored cruiser Jeanne d'Arc will take six
months, and four boilers have to be renewed, having been entirely ruined durln*
the steam trial. • ' i 8
Voluntary retirement of officers in' the higher grades in the French navy ha«
been* recommended by the Minister of Marine and a bill to that effect has bot
introduced In the Senate. It provides that a lieutenant cemmander may retir* alt
er^wenty-five; years' service or after having been fourteen years in the grade an*
that he shall receive the rank and pay of the next higher grade. This is followin
out the system. of the United States navy since 1S99, which has already h«n *
great benefit to the' service. . - uccn 0I
Two new French destroyers, the Epee and Espignole. Just completed at H» v
¦were sent out last November to join the Asiatic squadron, but were forced to « v
shelter at Mllo, in, the Grecian archipelago, owing to unusual stress of wZth
They encountered waves thirty feet in height, but suffered no damage wh»tl« '
The boats are 303 tons displacement and twenty-six knots contract speed an* ttf'
rough experience through which they passed safely is a pretty good euaronJ -
their good construction. ' guarantee of -.
ACCOUNTS of the steam trials of the Russian cruiser Novlk on July, 13 of
last year have only recently been published in the Marine Rundschau, and
it Is to be regretted that they lack the completeness which the trial of
such a remarkable vessel warranted. The vessel was tried in the Baltic
under favorable conditions, making her runs between a lighthouse and a
lightship, an "air line distance of fifty miles. The apparent speed on the outward
trip was found to be 25.03 knots, which was corrected to a little
over 26 knots, owing "to wild steering and the home run was
figufed out to be 25.4 knots, an. allowance of two knots being made for
' the Irregular course taken. The runs occupied 3 hours 43 minutes and 33 seconds,
and the average for the six hours' trial was between 17,500 and 15,000 horsepower,
with 172 revolutions. The air pressure in the stoke hold was 2.16 Inches and the
coal consumption 1.96 pounds per unit of horsepower. The ship was tried under
service conditions, fully completed and with 3C0 tons of coal on board. The Novik
was built by Schicliau at Elblng, and is 317 feet 10 Inches In length, 40 feet breadth
and 16 fe^t 4 inches draught. The battery consists of six 4.7-inch, one 2.5-lnch, six
1.85-inch, two 1.46-inch rapid-firing guns and five torpedo tubes. The contract stip
ulated 17,000 horsepower and minimum speed of 23 knots, which appears to have
1 been exceeded, and the ship has been accepted and was placed in commission De
cember 17. : ¦
The* Russian volunteer fleet, consisting of twenty-seven steamers, Is threatened
with extinction. Its subsidy from the Government expires shortly and may not
be renewed owing to the great expense for which Inadequate service is rendered.
The company is charged with being uneconomical and with ignoring the main ob
ject for which the'subsidy was allowed, namely, to. encourage the merchant ma
rine. It is of frequent occurrence that the steamers make the return trip from
Asiatic ports with little or no cargo, and the Minister of Finance recommends that
the fleet be placed under his control, with a view of properly utilizing it for its
original purpose and incidentally as an auxiliary to the navy.
¦> ¦ • • • . -
Senator Penrose has Introduced a bill in the United States Senate providing
for the construction of a torpedo cruiser to steam at least forty knots an hour and
to cost $500,000. It is undoubtedly the scheme of some Irresponsible and visionary
Inventor— one of a class that bother the Navy Department with impracticable pro
jects—and-Is unlikely to receive serious attention. Our recent experience In tor
pedo-boat building has been unsatisfactory to the Government and ruinous to
contractors. A report just made public by the bureau of construction summarizes
, the status of the destroyers and torpedo-boats, and finds that of the sixteen de
stroyers none will be entirely satisfactory and that nine torpedo-boats out of
twelve will be failures. The exceptions In the latter class are three boats built by
the Bath Iron Works, which firm adopted a successful French . design and em
ployed skilled and experienced persons. Sympathy is extended in the report to
ward the contractors who, without knowledge of the difficulty, rushed in for the
. work of building these boats and have paid dearly for their temerity. Three firms
have been financially embarrassed and all have lost money on their contracts. Sev
eral boats are. still uncompleted and are likely to remain so until the Government
takes the boats off the hands of the builders, and bills for relief and alterations.
, amounting to over $5,000,CO0, will be presented to Congress, making the total cost
of our new torpedo fleet somewhere about $12,000,000, instead of $6,900,000. as orig
inally estimated. The worst feature about the business is that the boats will be
practically useless. In that they are of flimsy- construction and their contract
speeds, varying from thirty to twenty-four knots, will be reduced to twenty and
twenty-five knots.
The navy personnel law, which went into effect three years ago, has shown its
good e/fect in ridding, the service of "dead timber" and thus advancing young and
, ambitious officers. Since January 1. 1899, up to the present time 109 vacancies on
the active list of line officers have been made, nine by resignation, seventy-five by
retirement and twenty-five by death. In the marine corps there has been fourteen
vacancies, two by resignation, eight'by retirement and four by death. In 1897 the
' head of the junior lieutenants' list had been twenty-two years in the service
* whereas now the officer in that grade entered the navy only eleven years ago '
Accounts of the Vessel's Steam Trials, Just Published, Show
. Tha c Her Speed .'s Ov/r Twenty -Six Knots an Hour.
Conditions in California have changed considerably
during the past week. It was only a few days ago
that the specter of a possible dry year began to ap
pear on the horizon, but the rains have come and the
sinister shade has vanished. The central and northern
parts of the State have received several rai<s, more or
less copious, almost sufficient to insure the crops,
but the San Joaquin can stand a good deal more
moisture and the southern part of the State needs a
good deal more yet. Even as it is the outlook is
certainly much brighter than a week agb, and there
is a. feeling of cheerfulness in all lines of business,
both here and in the country. It is the consensus of
opinion among business men who handle farm pro
duce that, while we may not this year obtain the
phenomenal prices of 1901 for many lines of produce,
still we will receive as good returns as the average]
and probably better than during some previous years]
owing to the short supplies of food staples all over
the country. Hence the outlook may be classed as
especially fine.
Other staples are not making as good an exhibit
as iron and steel. Cereals have been extremely, quiet
f during the past week, the coffee market has lapsed
into an unsatisfactory condition under excessive sup
plies, the demand for- sugar has not been sharp,
leather is merely steady, while hides continue easy
and wool is just about holding its own under dimin
ished stocks. Railway earnings, however, continue
to show an increase over previous years in spite of
the partial failure of the corn crop, which was ex
pected to cut them down materially about this time.
There is very little said now about the scarcity of
cars, and this condition has possibly ceased to exist.
The manufacturing and retail trade of the country
are reported as brisk as ever in spite of the inclement
weather across the Rockies, but the South continues
to send in unsatisfactory reports, including some in
crease in the number of failures.' The general level
of prices was lower as a "rule in January, but there
has been some recovery thus far in February. .
The other feature of the week was a sudden famine
in pig iron. The weekly commercial reports do not
give any reason for this, and it may be due to the
continued sharp demand for iron and steel products,
which continues without a break. Finished steel
products are also scarce to the famine point. A pre
mium of 50 cents per ton is being paid for pig iron
in both East and West, Canadian steel billets are
flowing into Pittsburg, a Southern railroad has been
obliged to go abroad for steel rails and an ' active
importation of iron and steel is expected by the trade.
According to this showing the United States must be
using an enormous quantity of iron and steel, when
its immense plants cannot fill the demand.
always does about two-thirds of the business of the
United States, as far as these weekly clearings show.
Chicago, however, showed a gain of 15.8 per cent
as compared with 1901, which shows that whatever
tailing off in business occurred was not chargeable
to Chicago.
dozen different States, for otherwise there was no
diminution in business to cause a decrease. There
was, however, a falling off in speculation at New
York and Chicago, the latter point being particularly
quiet as to grains and provisions. The decrease at
New York was 9.7 per cent, and the clearings fell
to the low-water point of several weeks ago, aggre
gating only $1,432,000,000, the rest_of the country
swelling the total to some $2,215,000,000. New York
trade by the severe snow storm which swept Over the
country east of the Rockies and tied up trains in a
THE decrease of 3.2 per cent in the country's
bank clearings last week, as compared with the
corresponding week in 1901, may possibly be
due to the interruption to railway traffic and general
THE BUSINESS SITUATION.
The question of adopting the system has been long
under consideration both in this country and in
Great Britain, but comparatively: little progress has
been attained. The scientists and the exporters of
both countries have favored the reform, but the con
servatism of the people ,has prevented its adoption.
It seems, however, that the eventual adoptionof the
system is 'inevitable. Just as the Russians continue
to hold aloof from the calendar that obtains else
where throughout the civilized world, so we may for
a time continue to stand aside from the prevailing
system of weights and measures. With the increase
of our foreign commerce, however, there will come
an increased' need for the change.- When it is'reso
lutely^ attempted it will probably be found that its
adoption causes much less trouble than has been
feared. The Americans are a quick-witted people and
being familiar with the decimal system through the
use of it in money, it would not take us long to ap
ply it in weights and measures :'"
It is in relation to foreign trade that the larger
benefits would be obtained. The metric system pre
vails 1 now almost uniformly throughout Continental
Europe and Latin America. It has become, as it were,
an international standard, and manufacturers who
make their goods in conformity with its measure
ments have a big advantage in the' worlds markets
over those who do not. Not long ago a B|jtish com
mission appointed to inquire into the decline in the
demand on the Continent for British manufactures of
iron and steel reported that much of the decline was
due to the fact that the goods were not adapted to
French and German measurements.
In^decidipg upon the question the people will have
to consider the difficulty and the cost of adopting the
new system, as well as the advantages which would
flow from it. The. advantages would certainly be
great. By the simplicity of calculations under the
metric system every merchant and manufacturer
would gain much. Bookkeeping and accounting
would be easier and speedier,, especially in the case
of accounts involving fractions. There would be less
liability to mistake and less trouble over petty tran
sactions.
Were the question the simple one of choosing be
tween the metric system, with its decimal .method of
calculation, and the system— or rather the lack, of
system— of weights and measures now in vogue in
this country and in Great Britain, there w<5uld be no
hesitation in making the choice. We know the ad
vantages of a decimal system of currency, and cart
readily perceive that equal if not greater advantages
would follow the adoption of a like system in all
kinds of trade measurements. The. question, how
ever, is not presented , in that simple^way. A change
to the metric systeni "would require the whole people
to educate themselves anew with respect to weights,
measures and values. Furthermore, all the measur
ing implements and appliances now in use would
have to be discarded, and the consequent loss would
be considerable.
HAVING obtained opinions from the scientists
of the country upon' the advisability of adopt*!
ing the metric system • of weights and meas
ures, the House Committee of Ways and Means is
now engaged in hearing merchants and manufac
turers. At a recent session of the committee some of
the leading business men of the East were heard, and
reports of the proceedings say the sentiment was en
tirely favorable to the proposed change.
THE METRIC SYSTEM.
Roosevelt's rise to eminence has been rapid, but
nothing like so swift as that of Schwab, who a few
years ago was doing a laborer's work for a laborer's
wages and is now big\ enough to make crowned
heads do kow-tow to him and to travel through Eu
rope with the air of a man who expects to buy it.
RUSSIA'S NEW, CRUISER NOVIK.
IS A REMARKABLY FAST WARSHIP
WHEN the postman delivers the mall at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Clement Moore, Euclid avenue, Hackensack, N. J., he is greeted with
a shrill, clear army call from a caged bird. The strain, whistled
through without a break, was long ago identified by military residents
in the community as the "adjutant's call."
The newspaper carrier receives the same salute, also the master of the
house. Desultory visitors pass unnoticed."
When Jack, the bird, is in good humor he will obey the signal of master
and mistress and will whistle the refrain through for the edification of com
pany. When particularly interested in his audience he will add to his repertoire
the clearly denned "assembly call" and conclude with the "stable call." When
in a sulky humor visitors receive but scanty attention in the rendition of the
"stable call" only. *- .
Jack is probably the oldest "troopial" bird in captivity, and is thought to be
the only one of the kind in the United States. He was purchased by Moore al
most fourteen years ago, and was thought to be several years old at that time.
The bird had been In the possession of an army officer and its only home had
been at cavalry posts.
Jack's attention Is distracted only when his master annoys him by wearing
glasses or his mistress displays a brilliant brooch. He will stop In the middle
of the most satisfactory performance the instant any brilliant object meets his
eye and will dart at it directly./" The brilliancy of a woman's eyes so attracted
him once that he flew at them 'before any one could interpose and gave the fair
visitor a sharp nip on .the eyelid.
In appearance Jack closely resembles the Baltimore oriole, or golden robin,
which is peculiar to the Ameriaan continent. He has the same rich orange and
black plumage and the same sweetness of song. He is also of similar size.
But Jack's birthplace was South America and his chatter and many antics sug
gest the magpie.
The term "troopial," .which designates the class to which Jack belongs, is
due from the habit of birds of this kind to associate in large troops. They
move in flocks and show great partiality to the neighborhood of man. They
are equally at home on the ground or in the trees and are loquacious at all
times. They learn both to whistle and to articulate words.
- Moore is also the possessor of a talking mlna bird from Manila. This mina
Is enow white— an unusual color. It can cry like a child, say "mamma," also
"come back" and "come here." It can call repeatedly "unwa, unwa," a term
that some scholar has interpreted for Moore as Hindostanee for "nurse."
"JACK," PROBABLY THE OLDEST "TROOPIAL" BIRD IN CAPTIVITY.
HE CAN GIVE THE "ADJUTANT'S CALL," THE "ASSEMBLY
CALL" AND THE "STABLE CALL" PERFECTLY.
In view of the early production of "Ben
Hur" at the Drury Lane Theater, it is be
lieved the players* edition of the book, the
same as that which has been issued in
America, will also be Issued here. It U
worth noting, however, that England is
not altogether destitute of editions of
"Ben Hur" of her own. On inquiry
twenty-seven of them were discovered and
how many more there may be is not
known. It is needless to say the novel haa
no copyright here, but only an enduring
popularity. ¦^v /
Lord Granville Gordon has just com
pleted a book of sporting reminiscences,
which is to appear in the spring. Lord
Granville Gordon is a brother of the Mar
quis of Huntly. He is already the author
of one or two volumes of verae and flc
tlon relating to the Gordon country of
Aberdeenshire.
Knowledge.
An American paper states that the
dramatization of a novel in America in
variably led to a large Increase in its
sales. The same effect is also noticeable
In this country. Stephen Phillips, who ia
the one English poet of the present day
who gets acted, is also a poet whose books
sell best. Similarily it was noticed that
the production of "Ulysses" at Her Ma
jesty's Theater was heralded by the pub
lication in a 9-penny edition of Charles
Lamb's "Adventures of Ulysses" by th©
Society for the Propagation of Christian
Flays Increase Sale of Novels.
Messrs. Chapman & Hall are the latest
out with a fine Oxford India paper edition.
Messrs. Dent, T. Nelson & Sons and Me
thuen are all Issuing editions in monthly
volumes.
Some reference was made a few months
ago to a prospective' revival of Dickens.
Of course, never since the great novelist
sprang into fame, certainly never since
he died, have his works ceased to be sold)
in some shape or fashion. But by revival
is meant a sudden demand for his works.
For a long time Dickens was considered
by the fashionable set to be a novelist of
the people pure and simple. He was
considered vulgar, while Thackeray was
looked upon as the novelist of educated
minds. Now all this is changed. Thacke
ray is out of it for the time being.
Everybody is reading and talking of
D'ckens as if he were a great novelist
just sprung Into fame.
The most amusing sketches are those of
the lives of Sir Thomas Upton, Alfred
Belt, George Alexander, Sir Henry Camp
bell-Bannennan and Lord Rosebery. The
book Is by the same author as "Deport
ment for Dukes" and "Manners for Mil
lionaires" and Is to be found in almost
every drawing-room In the "West End of
London.
Some of these lives are very funny, in
deed. Everybody Is reading the book. The
gentle satire of the "skit" on nearly every
well-known man of the day la quite harm
less, but at the same time it has an ex
traordinary way of hitting the nail on
the head. " . .
A little book which is creating a great
deal of merlment in London just now is
"Lives of the Illustrious."
correspondent asks how it is that Miss
Corelll has been chosen by officers as
their confidante and wonders if th© ex
planation is that Miss Corelll Is engaged
on a novel which has tte dress reform of
the British army as its subject.
A Skit on Celebrities.
In the course of her letter she states
she Is the recipient of many letters every
day from military men bitterljTresentlng
the reformed costume. As an authority
on military matters Miss Corelll has never
before been known to the British public,
and in a letter In reply to hers one puzzled
Lord Dufferin, whose pathetic letter to
the official receiver the other day in con
nection with the bankruptcy proceedings
of the London and Globe Corporation and
other companies excited so much sym
pathy, made no secret even lonff ago at
the happy time when he was British Em
balsador at Constantinople that he kept a
diary, and that in this he wrote down not
only political facts from within as they
occurred, but set down all the anecdotes
narrated in hl3 presence.
These sidelights of history extend to
many volumes and are as carefully kept
as Charles Grevllle kept hi3 tinder lock
and key. While Lord Dufferln will not
permit anything of his diaries to be pub
lished during his lifetime, they are likely
to equal in interest the Greville memoirs
when they do appear.
Miss Marie Corelll has been attracting
attention In a new role. She has been
writing to the press on the subject of
Germanizing the British army as regards
uniform.
'h Most of the present Board of Supervisors were re
elected^to office because they had in their former
official term put a. stop to track gambling in this city
Their re-election was a vote of confidence that they
would stand steadfast against the gamblers. If they
fail now. the people will demand to know the reason
why .
The Supervisors are bound to -guard the welfare
of the city, to assist the police in suppressing crime
and nvpreventing this city from becoming the resort
of criminals. It would be folly for them to adopt an
ordinance which would attract blacklegs to the city
and then employ an- increased police force to watch
them. With what show of candor can a Supervisor
declare himself in favor of suppressing crime if he
vote to legalize that which invariably produces crime?
San Francisco knows by dire experience what
comes from track gambling and the enticements of
trick gamblers. 'We do not wish to renew- the sor
rows of those families, who have already suffered
too much from track gambling, by republishing the
names of men and women who have been led to dis
honor, disgrace, ruin, crime and suicide: by the gam
bling that was once permitted at Ingleside, but the Su
pervisors can easily recall most of them. In fact, it is
to be doubted if there is a single member of the board
who has not had some friend or some acquaintance
at least ruined by racetrack gambling. There are the
records of the criminal courts, the prisons and the
Morgue to show what legalized gambling leads to.
By reason of these characteristics of racetrack gam
bling its toleration draws to the community sharpers,
fakers, blacklegs and confidence men from far and
wide. These fellows are a corrupting force that soon
makes its influence felt. They make acquaintances
easily, they are genial, they are free with their coin.
They entice the youth of the city to drink and to gam
ble, and they start on a downward career many a
young man who if free from their enticements would
have lived an honored life and been of value to his
family and to his city. . ' A
It is to be noted, moreover, that no gambler will
pay $120 a day for the privilege of running a gam
bling game of any kind unless the game gives him a
big percentage of chances against the outside bettor.
How large is the percentage in favor of the bookma
ker we have no means of calculating, but from the
amount of money the bookmakers are willing to pay
for the privilege it is safe to assume the percentage
must be very high indeed — higher, in fact, than the
percentage in favor of the banker at faro, the dealer
at roulette or the proprietor of a poker parlor.
Track gambling, then, is not only profitable; but;
crooked. -The men who are enticed to engage; infif?
have harflly,. any chance for their money. They "-may
win now^ and "then, Ijut in the. end they lose. 7. Thus;
the. bettor of small means is soon brought to>rfie
end of his purse, 'and he has then either to accept
the loss as final, or resort to embezzlement, theft,
forgery or robbery to obtain money to continue the
game.
The full extent of the revenues' that will flow into
the pockets of those having the privilege of legal
gambling in San Francisco cannot be accurately esti
mated even by gamblers themselves. It is known,
however, that the men who last held that right
were able to sell bookmaking privileges on their
track for $120 a day to as many as eighteen book
makers. Here was an income of $2160 a day from
that single source. It is clear the bookmakers would
not pay so large a sum for the privilege of gambling
unless they were assured of making a profit. How
large those profits were no man can say, but it is
certain they .were considerable, and when added to
the profits made by the managers who sold them the
privilege the aggregate amount of the income from
gambling must have been enormous as compared
with the profits of any productive industry.
When racetrack gambling was prohibited in San
Francisco, and the people, after a prolonged 1 fight
against the gamblers, were rejoicing in their victory,
The Call gave warning that it would not be long
before an attempt would be made to revive the prac
tice. The profits of legalized gambling are so large
and the risks so slight that those who fatten upon
the vices 'of society are ever on the alert to obtain
a gambling privilege. Any State in'the Union could
obtain an immense sum for a lottery franchise. Any
large city could derive a vast revenue for a privilege
of establishing a legal gambling place like that at
Monte Carlo. Public sentiment will not permit such
privileges to ( be granted. The racetrack then remains
the last resort of the predatory gamblers in this coun
try. Wherever there is a chance for them to get
that privilege of conducting their gambling games
under a - legal sanction they are eager and insistent.
Defeated at one point they will attack another, an4
¦when one set fails completely another set springs up
and repews the struggle. »
, The issue is not one of horse racing, nor of any
question affecting the promotion of horse breeding
in California. . Neither is-it a question of authoriz
ing an enterprise of productive industry that would
tend to increase the business and the wealth of the
city. It is a plain question of legalizing gambling.
That which the resolution purposes to do is nothing
more nor less than to permit certain forms of gam
bling to be carried on at Ingleside racetrack, and to
give to the managers of the track the privilege of
controlling the gambling operations and of making a
profit out of them.
WHEN the Supervisors of San Francisco deal
to-day with the Ingleside resolution they
should do so with' a clear ; understanding
of what it means and with a full sense of their official
responsibility to the community •• '
Statistics of savings banks add^to the story of colo
nial prosperity. The sum standing to the credit of
the depositors in the savings banks of the various
British colonies increased from $133,000,000 in 1885*
to $288,000,000 in 1899. Other statistics showing the I
development of colonial civilization are that the num
ber of postoffices in- India increased from 753 in 1856
to 29,122 in 1889; that the telegraph lines in the Brit
ish colonies' generally increased from 115,000 miles in '
1889- to over. 150,000 miles in 1899; that colonial tele
phone lines aggregate more than 50,000 miles, and
that in India the sums expended for public instruc
tion increased from 394,000 rupees in 1858 to more
than 36,000,000 rupees in 1899.
The figures of course show only the brighter and
better side of colonial administration. Their cost
has been great in .blood and in treasure, and the
whole burden has not been borne by the white
man. A gloomy picture could be presented of what
the civilizing process in India has cost both to that \
country and to Great Britain. Other colonizing em
pires have had an experience even worse than that;
of the British, and were the cost to be taken into con
sideration throughout the whole range ,of colonial
government it would probably be found that the good
obtained is / hardly worth the expenditure required.
Moreover, it might possibly have been gained at a
less cost by other methods than by that pursued by
the colonizing empires. "...
The commercial showing of the results of colonial
administration is .equallyigood. It is stated that : the
commerce of the British colonies alone has grown
from over $300,000,000 in 1850 to $2,400,000,000 in
1900. The British colonies were able to import $1,150,
000,000 worth of food, clothing and the comforts of
civilized life from other parts of the world in 1899,
against $140,000,000 worth in 1850; the French colo
nies, $160,000,000 worth in 1899, against $91,000,000
worth in 1887— an increase of 72.5 per cent in twelve
years: ; ' . .. ¦ ¦ '•;'¦- . - .'-¦.¦¦¦: ,\ ,¦''
single year's crop'in the irrigated district above that
which it could produce in years of drought is more
than the entire cost of the canals.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
AS A BUGLER THIS
BIRD IS A WONDER
SUPERVISORS AND THBIR DUTY.
THE; SAN FllANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUAR^ 10, li)92.
MONDAY........;.. ..FEBRUARY_io, 1902
JOHN 6. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. 8. LEAKE, Miciger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE!. .... ..Telephone Presa 204
runLICATIO.V OFFICE: ... Market and Third, 8. F:
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered for Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Trrma 1>r Mail. Inelndintr Poatagret •
DAIX.T CALL (Including Sunday), one year $5.00
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
6UNDAT CALL. One Year 1-80
WEBKLY CALL, One Year 4 . 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Bample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a, and correct compliance with their request.
OAKXAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE! KaOGNESS.
K»b*£ er foreign AdrertUing, Karqnette Bnilting. Chieige.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAULTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEJI B. SMITH ...3O Trlbnne Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray HU1 Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: "
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Premoat House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHTJTGTO?r CO. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., If. W.
JIORTO.V E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
nntll 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «CS
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open trntll 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open rotll 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
en til 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, -open until 9 p. m.
6
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO vAULh
Mechanics' Pavilion — Juvenile Fairyland Carnival.
iletropolitan Hall — Piano Recital February 12.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Grand Opera-house — "Raglan's Way."
California — "The Sign of the Cross."
Tlvoll — "The Ameer."
Central — "A Youns Wife."
Alcazar— r'The Rogue's Comedy."
Columbia — "In the Palace of the King."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
, Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
By W. G. Layng; — Monday, February 10, at 10:30 o'clock.
Hones, at 721 Howard street.
* AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.VIGII.ANT "WATCHMAN
PREVENTS A ROBBERY
Shots Are Exchanged in a Pennsyl-
vania Town and Bandits Are
1 •¦-• rv~' : Routed.
LANCASTER, Pa., Feb. 9.— An attempt
was made yesterday to rob the Gap
National Bank, at Gap, Pa., sixteen miles
east of this city, ending in a lively ex
change of shots between the town's
watchman, David Stamlx, and the bur
glars, i
Stamix heard an explosion at the bank
and found three or four men standing in
front of the building. They ordered him
to hold up his hands. Stamix opened fire
on the burglars, wounding at least one.
as there were blood marks where they
had been standing. The robbers returned
the fire, Stamix backing' away toward the
home of the cashier, with the view of get
ting assistance. When the shooting began
two or three other men ran out of the
bank building and joining their comrades
disappeared in the darkness.
An examination disclosed the fact that
the men had attempted to blow the vault
open with dynamite or nitro-glycerln, but
without success. Early this morning a
stranger stopped at Glen, a few miles east
of Gap, and had a wound in his jaw
dressed. He was subsequently arrested at
Parkersburg. '
All indications point to the fact that the
leader of the- band is Jack Musgrave, who
was hunted" out of the Territory/several
months ago and for whose capture, dead
or alive, a large reward is offered by
Wells-Fargo and the Territorial authori
ties.
Musgrave's band, said to number fif
teen men, including the leader, struck
across Southern New Mexico more than a
week ago, heading toward the. wildest and
most unfrequented mountain region of the
Territory. At Fort Sumner a store was
robbed and a Mexican was murdered. At
the Black ranch, fifteen miles distant
from Capitan,. the corral was raided and
the ranchmen held up, while the robbers
exchanged their jaded horses for fresh
mounts. The robbers then escaped toward
the mountains, but robbed several stores
and ranches before reaching the foothills.
The Sheriffs of the two counties, with
large posses, pursued them into the moun
tains.
EL , PASO, Tex., Feb. 9.— James Witt,
City Marshal of. Santa Rosa, N. M., ar
rived here to-day with the report that
Sheriffs' posses from two counties over
took eight members of the Jack Musgrave
gang- in the Capitan Mountains and a fight
ensued. The officers crept up on the out
laws' camp and fired from cover, killing
or wounding four of the gang. The others
reached their horses . and escaped. The
reports of the fight brought here by the
officer were quite meager, and it will
probably be several days before the full
details are known.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fight Occurs in the Oapitan
Mountains in .New '
Mexiccv
Pour of the "Jack" Mus
grave Gang Killed
or Wounded.
OUTLAWS GIVE
POSSES BUTTLE
Cape Town Upholds Chamberlain, i
• CAPE TOWN, Feb. 9.— At a mass meet
ing held here last night a resolution of
protest against the slanders upon the
honor and conduct of the British
forces in South Africa was adopted
The • meeting expressed its warm
appreciation of the complete refutation
by Chamberlain, the British Colonial Sec
retary, of the Continental slanders, its
cordial concurrence in the attitude of the
Government concerning the prosecution
of the campaign and its adherence*to that
policy, which/ the meeting considered,
could alone bring lasting peace and public
freedom to South Africa. The speeches
were received. with enthusiastic cheers..
Forty-Two Teams in a Race.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— Forty-two teams,
made up of men of almost every national
ity, started in a six days' go-as-you-please
team race In Madison Square Garden at
five minutes after 12 o'clock this morn-
Ing. No man is allowed to remain on tha
track more than twelve out of twenty
four hours. The winners of places, will
receive $5000, which is to be awarded in
prizes.
No Smallpox in Reedley.
: FRESNO, Feb. 9.— Dr. Hanna,' repre
senting the State Board of r Health,' has
investigated, at the request" of -a com
mittee of citizens, the report of smallpox
cases in Reedley. The expert pronounced
the cases* not smallpox hut a- result, of
vaccination, and raised ihe quarantine of
houses. ' :> - . -V' •; .
The announcement of Superintendent
Mulr's resignation from the Southern Pa
cific occasioned considerable surprise in
railway circles. J. A. Muir has been' with
the Southern Paciflc about thirty-two
years and is considered one of the ablest
of the company's officials. No successor
to him has been announced, though It is
said that F. E. Prior, who recently - left
the Los Angeles office to become super
intendent of the "Sacramento division, id
being considered for the place.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9.— J. A. Mulr,
superintendent of the southern division
of the Southern Paciflc, has resigned his
office to become general manager of the
Los Angeles Railway Company, vice Epea
Randolf , who retires to assume the man
agement of the Huntington-Hcllman in
terurbari lines, known as the Paciflc Elec
tric Railway Company. The change is to
be effective on February 15. .
sume Management of Los An
geles Railway System.
Leaves the Southern Paciflc to As-
SUPERINTENDENT MTJTR, >
TAKES A NEW POSITION
Sacramento secured the next turnfest
and the next bund, which will convene on
the second Sunday in February, 1903.
Oakland was allowed to elect the per
manent officers of the Paciflc Verein as
follows: Albert Curlin, president; Albert
Kaiser, vice president; Charles Pflug,
secretary; Theodore Gier, treasurer; Paul
Uth, turnwart. William Schroeder of
San Francisco was elected delegate to the
Grand Bund, which meets in Davenport,
Iowa, this year.
STOCKTON. Feb. 9.— The Pacific Turner
Bund session was held in this city to-day.
Delegates were present from the turn
vereins of San Francisco, Oakland, San
Jose, Marysville, Sacramento and Stock
ton, the Vorwarts and the Eintracht
Verein of San Francisco. After the ap
pointment of committees and the routine
business, officers for the bund were elect
ed as follows: John Slmraen, San Fran
cisco, president; L. Zelglery San Jose, vice
president; Dr. Fisher, San Francisco,
secretary; Theodore Gier, Oakland, as
sistant secretary.
New' Officers.
in Stockton and Elect
Delegates From Many Vereins Meet
SACRAMENTO TO HAVE
THE NEXT TTTBNFEST
Superintendent of a Florida Line
ANGRY EMPLOYE XZLILS
A RAILWAY OFFICIAL
Shot Down by the Man He
Had Discharged.
FERNANDINA, Fla., Feb! 9.-Edward
Burton, superintendent of the Seaboard
Air Railway shops, was shot and killed
in his office to-day by D. M. Sylvester, a
machinist, who had until a few minutes
previous to the tragedy been an employe.
Burton placed a non-union man at work
in the shops yesterday, to which Sylvester
and one or two other union men object
ed. Sylvester, leading in the matter, com
plained to Burton in person late yesterday
afternoon and a dispute ensued. When
time was called this morning Sylvester
again began a dispute with the superin
tendent and the latter discharged him
and ordered him from the shops. A short
interchange of angry words followed and
Sylvester, drawing his pistol, fired five
times at the superintendent, all of the
shots taking effect. Burton fell back,
groaned and expired without speaking.
Sylvester surrendered to the Sheriff. Bur
ton was 40 years of age. Sylvester is a
young man of previous good reputation.
INSTALLING A SYSTEM
['¦ OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
Government Force Begins the Con-
struction of a Tower on
Tatoosh Island.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. it.—
Work has commenced on the construction
of a wireless telegraph system, between
Tatoosh Island ami the entrance to the
Ptraits of Fuca and Port Crescent, a dis
tance of fifty miles. The Government
will establish the system- for the benefit
of commerce. A tower is being construc
ed on Ta-tocsh Island and a receiving
tower will soon be started at Crescent
The towers will be experimental, and, if
the system prove successful the Govern
ment telegraph line between Crescent and
Neah Bay will be discontinued.
INFECTS A GUINEA PIG
WITH CANCER CULTURE
Dr. Rost of the India Medical Ser-
vice Announces Success
of Experiments.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— According to the
Calcutta correspondent of the Daily Mail
the India Medical Gazette announces that
Dr. Host of the India Medical service has
successfully cultivated cancer and has in
fected a guinea- pig with his culture.
Steamship Asks to Be Reported.
VICTORIA. B. C. Feb. 9.— The steam -r
Olympia, which arrived to-day from the
Orient, brings news of interest to those
anxious for the safety of the overdue
sugar-laden steamer Folmlnia, forty days
out from Moji. . The Olympia passed a
large Dutch tramp steamer with two
masts about S30 miles out from the Cape.
The steamer was proceeding very slowly
and not making more than three knots an
hour. Captain Truebridge believed she
was in ballast. - She signaled the letters
"J P Q S" and asked to be reported. The
letters given are ' not those of the Fol
minia, and the latter vessel was loaded, j
Has a Floating Sawmill.
TACOMA, Feb. 9.— What Is believed to
be the only floating sawmill in the coun
try has been installed on the St. Joe Riv
er, In Eastern Washington, by Milo Kelly,
its capacity is 10,000 feet daily. The mill 1b
built on a raft and may be moved up or
down stream, as business demands. When
ready to change location the main belt is
attached to a wheel which operates a
shaft, upon the ends of which are paddle
wheels. '..-,.¦¦ •-. ,
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 9.— E. D. Carter, a
pioneer merchant, 'died yesterday after a
brief illness. He was 79 years of age.
E. D. Carter.
Joseph Leiter Reported 111.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— It is reported that
Joseph Leiter Is seriously ill In this city.
At his residence no Information couid be
obtained.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 9.— The Belgian
steamer Belgianland, which cleared from
here yesterday for Liverpool, is aground
in the Delaware River about fifty miles
below this city. *
Steamer Belgianland Aground.
When the shifting engine was attache!
to the car the President came to the
ylatform. Then every hat worn by men
in the crowd on the station platform came
off and the President removed his in ac
knowledgment of the courtesy. As the
car moved President Roosevelt again
laised his hat, saying: "I thank you."
In anticipation of seeing President Roose
velt many people had gathered outsfile
the trainshed gates at both the south
and north stations, and at both places
also were squads of officers to maintain
a clear passage for him to and from his
carriage. It was a long time before th*
expectant people learned that the Presi
dent had made his own plan for getting
around Boston.
BOSTON, Feb. 9.— President Roosevelt,
on his way to Groton, came to Boston
to-day for the first time since assuming
his office. His visit was a brief one, for
he did not leave his' car, and in accord
ance with hi3 own plan, through familiar
ity with i tha situation here, was trans
ferred from one railroad system to an
other by means of a connecting link over
the tracks of a third railroad. This plan
rendered unnecessary the arrangements
of the police to look after his safety in
crossing the city and of the railroad oili
clals who had prepared another special
train for his use on the last stage of his
Journey, t ... " ,
Leaving His Private Car.
Passes Through Boston "Without
CROWDS GREET ROOSEVELT.
Dr. Mueller, formerly Consul of the
Orange Fiee State to Holland, says the
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph at
The Hague has suddenly started for New
York. He is understood to be on a mis
sion for the Boer delegates.
Lord Kitchener's great plan, which he
has been elaborating for months past,
failed by the escape of Dewet, but was
successful in the greatest single capture
of Boers since Lord Kitchener arrived in
South Africa. Altogether twenty-two
columns were employed in an immense
circular parallelogram, formed by the
lines of blockhouses and the railroads be
tween Wolvehol, Frankfort, LIndlcy and
Kroonstad^ It is estimated that Dewet's
forces amounted, roughly speaking, to
2000 men. Lord Kitchener personally su
perintended the final preparations for the
expedition, and the great move was made
in a frontier of forty miles, the advance
extending sixty miles,' with the object of
driving the Boers against the railroad
line, where armored trains were patrolling
and were repeatedly in action shelling the
Boers to prevent their crossing the rail
road. Dewet succeeded in slipping
through the lines to the southward. The
whereabouts of Mr. Steyn is unknown,
though one report says he is with Dewet.
"I did not get exact details of the Boer
casualties." continues Lord Kitchener,
"but as far as I have ascertained they
consist oii 283 in killed, wounded and
prisoners, as well as about 700 tired
horses and many cattle. Our casualties
were only ten."
Many attempts, were made to break
through the line on the night of Febru
ary 7. reports Lord Kitchener, the line of
outposts being attacked at various places
throughout the night, but very few es
caped and ten dead Boers were picked up
in the morning near Hellbron.
The advance was continued on Febru
ary 6 and Dewet was within its inclos
ure, but, realizing his position, he ordered
his men to disperse and seek safety dur
ing the night. Dewet himself, with some
men and a number of cattle, made for
the Kroonstadt-Lindley blockhouse line,
and at 1 o'clock in the morning, when It
was very dark, by rushing his cattle at
the fence, broke his way though the line,
mixed up with the cattle and losing three
men killed.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— From Wolvehoek
Lord Kitchener to-day telegraphed a long
description of a combined movement of
numerous British columns, with the ob
ject of capturing General Dewet.
Lord Kitchener says the advance be
gan on the night of February 4, the whole
force moving from various directions and
forming a continuous line of mounted
men on the west bank of the Llebenberg
Vlei, from Frankfort as far south as
Fannys Home, and thence to Kafflrkof.
The line then advanced to the west and
the following night the British in
trenched with their outposts fifty yards
apart. They held the line from Holland,
on the Heilbron-Frankfort blockhouse
line, to Doornkloof on the Kroonstactt-
Lindley blockhouse line, while the col
umns were also working in advance of
the blockhouse lines to prevent Dewefs
crossing.
Patriots Lose Nearly Three Hundred
Men in Killed, "Wounded j
and Prisoners, but *
Chief Escapes.
Kitchener's Combined Move
ment of Many Columns •
Futile.
Signals of distress sent up "were an
swered by the crews at Devils Island and
Herring Cove, the latter crew arriving
first and taking oft* Blair. The life-saving
crews are alongside the steamer in readi
ness to take off the captain and crew in
case occasion arises. .
The weather cleared so much after the
Grecian struck that It was seen that the
shore was only thirty yards distant, but
the shore Is one of the most dangerous
spots along the western shore, a great cilff
of rock overhanging the beach. On top
of the cliff, but inland somewhat, the mili
tary authorities. are constructing an Im
mense fort to be known as "Splon Kop."
The steamer lies broadside to the beach
with a list to port. There is seventeen
feet of water In the fore hold and twelve
feet in the after hold. The engine room,
which is protected by water-tight com
partments, is still dry and steam is being
kept up. Lighters and tugs were sent
from this city with divers and wrecking
gear during the day, and by. 6 o'clock over
100 tons of the cargo had been lightered.
HALIFAX, N. S., Feb. 9.-The Allan
line steamer Grecian, Captain Harrison,
from St. Johns.' N. F.,- ran on the rocks
on the western shore five miles from this
city at 3 o'clock this morning and now has
water in fore and after . holds, j with the
engine room free. Her position, however,
Is a very bad one. She had on board one
passenger, Mr. John- Blair of St. Johns,
who has been landed, and 300 tons of
cargo, part of which has been taken out.
The Grecian left Liverpool on January
25, and after a stormy passage reached
St. Johns, discharging there a quantity o*
cargo. - She loft St. Jonns on Thursday
evening, and flne weather was experience
all the way. Off Chebucto Head,. at 2:iW
o'clock this morning, Pilot William- F.
Fleming boarded her. The weather was
then clear and the harbor lights were visi
ble.. The steamer, proceeded at ordinary
speed until a thick snow squall set in. A
little later the engines were stopped and
soundings taken. The water was very
deep and the steamer was started ahead
again until the lookout shouted, "Land
ahead!" The engines were then reversed
,and the steamer sent full speed astern.
After going about ninety yards the Gre
cian crashed against a rock known as the
"Holy Stone," a hole being torn in her
stern. She rebounded forward and went
on other rocks, which ripped up several
bottom plates, where she held fast. There
is no wind and the sea is calm. The steam
er made water ¦ so fast that the boats*
were quickly swung from the davits.
The President and Mrs. Roosevelt, to
gether with Secretary Cortelyou, are be
ing entertained at the house of William
Amery Gardner, brother-in-law of Mrs.
John L. Gardner of Boston, a very
wealthy man, but nevertheless one of the
instructors In the school.
Mrs. Roosevelt was at the window of
the sick room as the President drove past
into the school yard, and greeted him as
he mounted the stairs. The two immedi
ately went to the sick boy.'s room and the
President was delighted to find that his
son's head was very clear and that he
was overjoyed to see his father.
President Roosevelt arrived here at 3:10
this afternoon. He came on the private
car Rambler, arriving in Jersey City soon
after -7' a. m.' The car was immediately
transferred by boat across to Harlem and
left Mott Haven as a special train at
8:20 a. m. A stop was made at New
Haven, where a dispatch was handed to
the President stating that the boy's con
dition was encouraging. No other ! stops
were made until Providence was reached,
where there was a slight delay on ac
count of an accident to the engine. The
train pulled into South station in Boston
at 12:45 p. m., but was immediately hauled
out and around the city through Cam
bridge to the Grand Junction station of
the Boston and Maine Railroad. The run
from Boston to Ayer Junction was made,
in a little over forty minutes, and there
the car was transferred to the Worcester,
Nashua and Rochester division of this
road, the train arriving in Groton at 2:30.
The President's stay here is indefinite,
although it Is ndt believed it will be pro
longed much after Wednesday , unless the
boy's condition takes a change for the
worse.
GROTON. Mass., Feb. 9.— President
Roosevelt upon his. arrival at the Groton
school this afternoon did not find his son,
Theodore Jr., alarmingly ill with pneu
monia, but the boy's condition was not
¦sufficiently j reassuring to warrant ; the
President's immediate return to the na
tional capital. To-night it was stated that
the boy's condition is unchanged and he
is holding his own well. The school has
been dismissed and the 150 boys have been
scattered to their homes upon an en
forced vacation.
Life-Saving Crew Is Alongside
to Take Off Crew if
. Necessary.
Wednesday > Unless There
" Is a- Change.
Roosevelt Will Leave Groton
Dewet Breaks Through
Cordon ,of British
Troops.;;
Condition of tHe Patient
Greatly Encourages
His Parents.
Pilot Loses His Bearings
in a Blinding. Snow
"Squall.. , .
BOER FOX
GIVES FOE
THE SLIP
PRESIDENT GOES
TO HIS SICK SON
STEAMER RUNS
ON TO ROCKS
THE. SAN FKANGISCO CALL. FEBRUARY 10, 1902.
TEHACHAPI, Feb. 9.— During a hi^/i
•wind last night a fire broke out in a Chi
nese restaurant, and before the flames
could be controlled the restaurant, two
saloons, owned , by R. M. Spencer and
Thomas Davis, and D. S. Clark's butcher
shop were destroyed.
Fire -in Tehachapi.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— Attorney Gor.
eral Knox yesterday gave a hearing
in^ the case of Judge Noyes of Alaska, who
was recently convicted of contempt by
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals at San Francisco. Judge Noyes was
represented by McLaughlin of St. Paul
and Henley of San Francisco. The com
plainants were represented by Charles D.
Lane and the Wild Goose Mining Com
pany by Ralstoit and Brewster.
This mining company was the defendant
In the Anvil Creek clalmst out of which
most of the litigation in the Noyes case
arose. The object of the hearing is 4 to
determine the propriety of removing
Judge Noyes from the Nome judgeship
and Is in no sense a review of the action
of the San Francisco court. Counsel rep
resenting the interest opposed to Judge
Noyes ask for his removal upon the
ground of incompetency a"nd unjudicial
conduct. The Attorney General's findings
will probably be submitted to the Presi
dent within the next week or two.
Testimony in Case of Alaska
Judge.
Attorney General Knox Hears More
NOTES CASE „ FINDINGS
NEARLY READY FOR REVIEW
Back of the automobile plans of the
Southern Pacific is seen another move of
the Harriman syndicate to be able to
compete with: the Hill combination. The
Yellowstone National Park is now most
quickly reached by one of Hill's roads.
The Journey Into the park from Cinnabar,
en the Northern Pacific, to the first park
hotel is about seven miles, or an hour's
ride, while from Monida, the nearest
point on. the Harriman syndicate's Ore
gon Short Line, it is fifty mi\es. With
horses and stages the latter can in no
way compete with the Hill lln-.' JTt is to
equalize this Inequality that" the automo
bile plan was conceived.
[.CHICAGO,--" Feb.. 9.— Automobiles are
likely to supplant' the old-time stage
coaches used in reaching Yellowstone and
Yosemite : parks from points «on the
Southern Pacific system and: the Harri •
man . branches. The innovation will
greatly facilitate the journeying of trav
elers to and from the two famous. place3
and will materially shorten the time now
necessary, for touring the parks. The
mo3t objectionable feature of these trips
now. are the tedious stage rides ( to and
irom railroad stations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Expects to Shorten Time of
Journey for Visiting .
Tourists.
Southern Pacific Will
> Put New Vehicles
Into Use.
'MOBILE LINE
TO YOSEMITE
7
APTTERTISEIIlEENTS. V
TELEPHONE -g^. MHTSiiB
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
EGGS, 1 doz 23c, 2 doz 45c
Finest table, every one guaranteed.
Last week 27&C doz.
TEA, Ib, 48c
All oar high grade 50c teas.
BAR LE DUC CURRANTS, glass, 20c
Reg. 30c. Red and white. Imported
from France.
JAMS arid JELLIES. Reg. 25c jar 20c
Our finest home-made — *
full assortment.
OLIVE OIL, LL&Co/s, bottle 50c
Regr. 55c. •From Lucca. The press-
ing of the finest olives. * v
GARDEN PEAS, New Era.
Regr. 30c tin 15c
Regr. J2.3S dozen 81.75
Equal to Imported.
SCOTCH, bottle, 51.25
"Slater, Roger & Co." Reg. $1.50. .
Finest old Glenlivet.
"CROWN" PORT & SHERRY,
4 bottles, $1.00
Reg. 50c bot. Best value ever offered.
CHERRIES IN MARASCHINO,
"Victor" brand
Reg. 70c flt bot 6Oc
Reg. 50c pt, bot...' .-40c
Finest on the market.
MUSTARD, Lcait Freres, . Jar, 20c
BREAD PANS, re£. 10c, 5c each
Sheet-Iron. V A11 Sizes. To close out
COAL HOD, Galvanized, reg 5Cc, 45c
Extra large. '* '¦'•" ¦."¦•
PAPIER MACHE TRAY, re£ 40c, 25c
With Japanese decoration— 9x12.
OCEAIT TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a,^ Steamers leave Broafiway
ffljfci^ \v harf . San Kranclsco: «
|«^*>l For Ketchikan, Juneau.
WSspi^vS**^ Skag-way. etc, Alaska — 11 a.
. ifMma m.. Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20, 25.
; £rA-Jf«|V*a March 2. Change to com-
I K5^»sZZ«<p^m1 Pony's steamers at Seattle.
i /"^^SPtS-Stf For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port To-»-n««>nd. Seattle. Taco-
"^^^ ma, Everett? New "Wbatcom —
II a. m. Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20, 23. March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ity. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ky. •
For Eureka (Humooldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Feb. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 28. March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An.
geles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays. 0 a. m.
' For Los Angeles, calling: at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hue-
neme, Kast San Pedro. San 'Pedro and •New-
port (*Bonlta only).
Bonlta 0 a. m., Feb. 3, 11, 19. 27. March 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 7, 15, 23. March 3.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each, .
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail*
Ins dates.
TICKT7T CFFTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO.
' . Only Stoamnhtp Iiino *e»
PORTLAND, Or.;
And Short Rail Line from Portland to alt
points East. Through Ticket)* to all
point*. »H rn't op steamship »nd rail, at
LOWEST HATES.
STZAKER TICKETS INCLUDE B2STH and MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
Feb. 12. 22; Mar. 4, 14, 2*
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.
Feb. 17. 27; Mar. 9, ID. 29
Steamer nails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. TV. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt..l Montg"y. 3. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA,
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day oC
sailing. ¦"?¦— '-%
SS. NIPPON MARTT
Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
: Friday, March 21st, 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, April 15th. 1902 ,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
DIRECI LISH 1» TAHITI :
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Feb. 15. '02. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 10,
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
' land and Sydney.. Thura., Feb. 27,10 al m.
1 0. miZim k B89S. CO., Bmarai Agents. 327 taste 51
ton'l Passengsr OSss, B43 Mirkst St., Pisr Ks. ?. Faasc U
PACIFIC STEAM NAV1GATI0H GO,
And Cia Sud Americana is Vapors;
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL . . . .Feb. 10i PALENA March 10
GUATEMALA.. Feb. IS SANTIAGO .
These steamers are built expressly .for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight '
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRJ.E A CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, UTS?
TO NEW -YORK YIA V PANAMA DIRECT. |
Cabin, |105; Steerage, $10; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. la
S. S. Lcelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 21
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street -wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Pasaenser Office. 330 Market. «t.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul ...Feb. 19 Philadelphia ..Mar. 3 I
St. Louis Feb. 23St. Paul liar. 12 i
R6D *»TA« LINE
. HEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverf ord Feb. 10 Southwark Mar. S
Friesland Feb. 261Vaderland Mar. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery gt.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY.
Crocker building.
Operating stage lines between Illamca Bay
and above points.
C0X7ASKIS SEHISAI.* TBAH3ATLAHTIQ.C2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,»,««,_.
Sailing every Thursday, instead o£ <2t>*Q!&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. <»«Kua?aS»
North JUver, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, f 43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA- ,
DA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. ¦*. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad TlcKet Agent*.
BAY- ; AND BITTER STEAMERS.
FObITT NAYrlART^^TALLEJa
Steanwrj GEN. FRISBI2 or M0NTICELL3
0:45 a. m, 3:15 and 8:30 p. nx, except Sun.
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m., S:3O p. m. Leaves
Vallejo T a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except.
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 30
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Landing anct
office, pier 2, Mlaalon-strat dock. HATCH
EPOS
The bifst-- remedy.' medical ' science has ¦ be^a
able I to devise to keep the stomach from get-
ting;"out of sorts," or to right it when it has
been' allowed, to: get that way." Is Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. They give tone and vigor
to the digestive organs so they will sort the
material offered them and prepare from it a
type of chyle that will build. up tissues fair
and clean as a perfect print from one _ whose
case Is never : ' "out of,- sorts."
•Chyle is'dlgested food ready to be converted
Into blood.* Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets insure
good digestion ; : good . food and - vigorous diges-
tion : provide t perfect ; chyle ; good . chyle , makes
pura ; rich I blood : > good nutritious ¦ blood " builds
bodily ¦ tissues . that are firm, ¦ sound and free
from defects. as the full case printer's, perfect
proof. :,-- ..¦ ¦ "'' ': .',.":...'- •¦ ¦; • .. ¦ -'-¦¦" ¦ 3
Diseases are blotches on the fair page of life.
A verj' -large share of diseases can be traced to
the' stomach being., "out of sorts.V '"Nine-
tenths of 1 all .diseases."; said Abernathy. the
great English physician, '.'come from the stom-
ach.'.V- r>r. I Fotherglll, another. English physi-
cian of .world-wide repute, once declared: ""Of
every ten ' men you meet ¦ on ¦ the street, sevtn
have " stomach :, trouble of some kind." There
are : many ; cases * of ill health of which imper-
fect digestion Is the unsuspected cause. Olttn
there are i none of the - more : prominent symp-
toms of dyspepsia such »s distress after eat-
ing.' heartburn, , waterbrash, : t>elchlng - of " gaa,
etc., h but .there are other symptoms , that m.iy
be really due to ' dyspepsia' but are not | usually
attributed toMt by the sufferer,, among "which
- Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure all "kinds of
dyspepsia, ¦ therefore they bring relief from all
the varied ¦ symptoms that are . rr.anif estatio'is
of dyspepsia. To try them is to be convince!
of their merits. They can be bought at any
drug store for fifty cents a box.
Phil Brooks, Detroit. -Mien., says: "Tour
dyspepsia cure has worked wonders In my case.
I suffered for years from dyspepsia but . am
now: entirely, cured and enjoy life as I 'never
have before. I gladly re-commend them."
: Mrs. E. M. Faith" of Byrds Creek. "Wis., says:
"I have taken' all th« Tablets I got of you
and they have done their work well in my case,
for I feel like a different person altogether. I
don't doubt if I had not got them I should
have baen at. rest by this time."
"Mr. E..H.' Davis of Hampton, -Va.. says: "I
doctored five years for dy3pep3ia, but In two
months. I got more benefit from Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets than ; in fire years of the doc-
tors' ¦ treatment." --... ¦ • ¦-, ¦..
Mr. Thomas Seale, Mayfleld. Calif., says:
"Have used and recommended Stuart's Tablets
because there Is nothing like them to keep the
stomach right."
may be mentioned general nervousness and de-
pression, tired, run-down, played-out, "out cf
sorts" feelings that can not be accounted . for;
headaches; oppression about the heart; bad
complexion, pimples, ' blotches, -. bolls; dizzy
spells; specks .before 'the eyes. etc. Let the
sufferer take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ani
these symptoms all disappear, showing plainly
that they were due to the stomach being "out
of sorts." . » •
When ( the printer is "out of sorts'' the proof
appears ' "dirty" or imperfect. "'
• When one's stomach gets "out of sorts" and
digestion is faulty It mars temper, comfort and
health, makes life seem incomplete. Imperfect
and unsatisfactory as a printer's "out of sorts",
proof sheet. •_ . ' ?
The stomach is a . laboratory . therein Is pre-
pared, elements - suitable for the nourishment
and renewal of every structure of the body.';; If
¦It is ;'out of sorts", and gives down poorly, pre-
pared material Instead of nutritious chyle the
Imperfect ' material will • correspond to - the ; let-
ters . that the printer has placed, upside- : down
and. appear as blotches and defacements 'on
the page of life.",, 'V: "T - ; > * " ¦'¦X.-'i
; If to, think ugly things Is partly as bad as to
oay^or ..act '.them, and the ¦¦ Recording ¦'-Angel
keeps ' tab on one's thoughts, what a '.'dirty'. 1 ,
pag^nust appearin the "book of life". -against
the one^ whose stomach is " frequently -."out • of
sorf?.' and whose type of nutrition thus neces-
sarily becomes such aa to keep mind and. body
irritable and ujpset. - * • : <
The efforts of the skin to excrete, or, thro'v
out of the system, unripe or 111 prepared nu-
tritional, elements furnished by a stomach that
Is, "out of . sorts" frequently results In crops
of. pimples ': and blotches fully .as unsightly : as
the impress of the .upside down letters of the
"out of -sorts" print. . :. - j - •.- •¦••;>
'56th
Stnnual
ofthi
Connecticut Mutual
Aite insurance Company,
Net Assets, January 1, 1001 $62,340,022 29
RECEIVED IX 1901,
For Premiums $5,103,053 55
For Interest and
_ K£ nts 2.984.S10 58
Profit and Loss... SS.603 75— $S.182,473 SS
$70,522,496 17
DISBURSED IN 190L
For claims by
death m a tured
endotrments and
annuities $4,642,494 93
Surplus returned
to policy hold-
ers . 1.2S4.996 24
Lapsed and Sur-
rendered Policies 554.217 45
Total to Policy^ — —
holders $8,4S1,7OS 62
Commissions t o
Arents, Salaries.
Medical Exam-
iners' Fees.
Printing. Adver-
tis Ing. Legal.
Real Estate, all
other Expenses.. $1,005,352 01
Taxes 385,852 62— $7,872,913 25
Balance Xet Assets. Dec. 31. 1901. $62, 649, 5S2 92
SCHEDULE OP ASSETS.
Loans upon ReaJ Estate, first I'm. $23,531. 115 84
Loans upon Stocks and Bonds . 2,300 00
Premium Notes on Policies in
force 697,032 91
Cost of Heal Estate owned by
the Company 11.919.575 31
Cost of Bonds 24,557,153 61
Ccst of Bank ar.d Kallroad
Stocks 803,454 00
Cash in Banks 1,105.970 23
Bills receivable S.918 77
Agents' Debit Balances 9.062 25
$62,643,582 92
Acd—
Interest due — and
accrued $900,712 62
Rents <3ue and ac-
crued 10.633 28
Markft value of
stocks and bonds
over cost 1,374,761 17
If e t uncollected
and d e i erred
premiums 354.470 24
$2,640,577 31
l*ss Bills Receiv-
able and Agents' j
Debit Balances. 12.9S1 02— $2,627,596 23 J
Admitted Assets, Dec. 31, 1931... $65,277,179 21
Liabilities—
Amount required
to reinsure all
outstanding Pol-
icies, net Com-
pany's standard. $56,74S,C91 00
All other liabili-
ties 1.51S.047 62— $5S.266,13S 62
Surplus (including contingent .
real estate depreciation, mem.
account, ?548.0S2 06) $7,011,040 53
Ratio of expenses cf management
to receipts of 1001 12. 2S per cent
Policies in force Dtc. 31, 1SO1.
63,016. insuring flC3.6S0,144 00
¦ " !
JACOB L. GEEENE, President, j
JOHN M. TAYLOR, Vice Pres't. ]
HESBEET H. WHITE, Secretary, j
DANIEL H. WELLS, Actuary. ;
. I
A. K. P. HARMOK. Dist. Supt.
Agencies.
F. R. XOTES, General Agent,
30-31-32 Mills Building. California St..
Saa Francisco. Cal.
When Prof. says his Rheumatism
Care will <rure rheumatism there isn't juiy guess-
work about it — there isn't any false statement about
it. It cures without leaving any ill effects. It is a
splendid stomach end nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for rheumatism.
All the Mur.) on remedies are just «s reliable, 25c
yial. The O'jide 10 Health is free. Munyon, New
York and Phil^dt ! rhia-
l[UirTO.V'.> I II \LEB CURES CATAEBH,
§«M, VIGOR. VlTAUTXfor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PII*LS
have been In use over fifty
year* by the leaden of the
Mormon Church, and * their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old And young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Paint in Bade Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headarbe. Unfltneas to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, «r Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Xer f*"5 B S voub Twitching of
Eyelids. Elects are JTWjJ^r^ Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *-f"«» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve center*: 60c a box; 6 for
12 SO ty mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
>.<Sdreee BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis tst-.
Ban Kranclsco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third Etreet.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
IHUSEUM OF AKATQEm
a CJ i05imzKsi.&u±.7:h,s.r.cd.l
\ <Qf ' e *- ar ? rbt Anatomical Museum in the \
A r^-~ t World. WcikKKn or «ny contracted 1
V&S 253 Oiltlie |M>>iti"-lr carol r.y Iht 0I1JM "
O fSZ S3 Spcciausr on ihe Coasc Eit. 36 year*. (*¦¦
A tgf DR. J3RDAr3— DISEASES OF MEN A
\ < (VS^ I Ccnsuluticc free ar.rt itiktly privstf. \
¦ ? X»<3? Treatment personally or by i-ncr. A A
V ' /* <«'l Positive Cure in erery case uudn-taken. Y
A M .'/ ill Write for Booic. rBILOROPaY •! A
" • II S T B4RBIACE, MAILCO FRiLE. ( A V
9 DB. JOBD15&C6.. 1051 MarketSt.,S. F. f
*i- v?» *** MT^BssB £] |W |£ft> *T*^ffil
HAJOWAY'8 READY RELIEF ha« stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. 6ore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druj-fflsts.
INSURANCE.IMPRESSIONS GLEANED AT
"JIMMY" BRITT'S TRAINING
QUARTERS. ; ''..'¦
The shooting at the Shell Mound ranges
yesterday was unusually good. Most ol
the Schuetzen clubs, together with Bat
teries A and D, First Artillery, National
Guard of California, were present for
their regular monthly medal contests. No
records were broken, but two or threa
were seriously threatened during the aft
ernoon.
Gorman of the Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club showed his usual skill with
pistol and revolver and easily distanced
all competitors. 'William Khrenpfort, who
is now nearly 75 years of age, scored 211
out of a possible 250 on the ring target.
The day's scores follow:
Battery A. First Artillery, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot:
Marksmen of Various Clubs
Hold Interesting
Contests.
Unusually Good Shoot
ing at Shell Mound
Ranges.
RIFLE SPORTS
DISPLAY SKILL
, Battery D, First Artillery, National Guard
of . California. January and February monthly
medal shoots at 200, 300 and 500 yards:
A; woman's, mission on earth is to con
vlnce some man that he ought to eet mar
Tied. ecimar-
The man who, has not met with adver
sity in twenty years is the one who I will
tend- a-bullet through his brain-when the
DanK tails. . . '¦••-'-;.¦ ¦';•.-"¦»¦;¦ ¦•'":.;•::.*-.¦ ¦:¦':¦¦¦-¦¦•:¦' .
WASHINGTON. Feb. ».— President - Roose
velt has accepted an Invitation to he the guest
of the Potomac Department of the Grand Army
?£. the , Ue PU b »c. which ie to give a. dinner in
this city to General Torrence, the commander
In chief, on February* 17. • • \
ACWORTH. Ga., Feb. 9.-Safe-blower 3
forced the vaults ofthe Lemon Banking
Company here early this momlng. obtain
&?,,*% i n t S0ld ' a $500 ° G «*>rsla Stats
bond and a large amount of stock certli
cates. Between $4500 and $5000 In notes
i 8 v°S^tff» t » fl^ e8 fi. nd bonds were nope?"!!
ly mutilated by. the explosion, and muen
flYEf wfth 1 & Bin ?i 1 b , nis destroyed. A SS
UclVSeSb! O e 1 ri PieCe3 CSCaped toe no -
Safe-Blowers Make Rich Haul.
Mitcher .MInan was arrested yestcrday
morning by . Detective Reynolds and
locked up In "the tanks." Last Thurs
day he and liis brother George quarreled
at their home. 417 Union street, and"
George, who is the elder, attempted to
<?ject MJtcher. from the house. Mitcher
fired at George with a toy. pistol,, the bul
let striking him on the cheek and lodg
ing in his neck. Mitcher may be charged
jrt»h assault to murder.
Zn Jail for Shooting His Brother.
CHILL.ICOTHE, Ohio, Feb. 9.— "Uncle
Dan" Harkness." aged 79 years, owner- of
the famous race mare Imp and one of
Ross County's most prominent citizens,
died at his home near this city to-day.
Owner of Race Mare Imp Dies.
, PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. ,9>WIlllam Ri
ley died here to-day as the i- result: of a
fall from a horse: 'several days' agd.<' He
was one of the notable cowboys of the
Southwest, having participated in many
tournaments.- and was' better ¦< known as
"One-Eyed Riley." He formerly lived in
California. -t ¦ ¦
Death i Claims Celebrated ; Cowboy.
.Peter* McDonald,; 14 years of age and
living at 413 O'Farrell street, was stabbed
in the breast by George Nakano. a Japa
nese, at Union Park last evening Th*
wounded boy was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital and ¦ the Japanese to the
City Prison. ; The latter was charged with
assault with a deadly weapon.. Nakano
says a number of boys assaulted him and
he drew his pocket-knife and acted in
self-defense.. . , - - to
Boy Stabbed by a Japanese.
The steam collier Czarina reached port
yesterday from Seattle, after what .Cap
tain Seaman considers the roughest trip
down^he. coast he has ever made.' From
Flattery, to the Golden Gate it was ; a
howling gale, and right in the teeth of it
the coal carrier had to fight her way A
thick fog complicated matters during the
latter part of the -voyage and all hands
were satisfied when the vessel was tied
up at Howard-street wharf. Captain Sea
man reports ihaylng sighted- three sail
ing vessejs off the Columbia River. There
w ,? re tw ,° barks and a sh 'P- ' ; The y were
all making bad weather and -one of the
barks appeared to have a heavy list to
starboard. . < /
Experienced Terrific Weather.
/SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 9.— Santa Bar
bara was visited by a severe ¦ :¦' shock of
earthquake- about. 7 o'clock this morning.
While no damage was done it was of suf
ficient force to shake every ;buHding In
the city. Many, people fled from i their
homes. The oscillatory movement 1 - was
from east to west and lasted several sec
onds. . : ¦ . • . ¦ • . ' -. ,-'
Earthquake at Santa Barbara.
Frank Zurfluh. a cook living at 1241
Market etrpet. was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday -for ' several
•wounds on the head and face. Zurfluh
Alleges, that he was assaulted by F
fteiner. his lat<» employer, while lying iri
ted and unable to defend himself and
that the trouble was due to a d'i«Dut«
sbout wage's claimed to be due.. Zurfluh
fays he. will swear out a warrant for
£?einer"s arrest to-day.
Zurfluh Is Badly Beaten.
Medal shoot — Champion clasp, B. Baumgart
ner 420; first class. A. Studer 3C5; second
class. P. Croce 324; third class, Charles Baeh
mann 304. Bullseye shoot — B. Baumgartner,
first; J. Bachmann, second; J. Lseman, third-
Charles Bachmann, fourth; P. Croce fifth'
Al Oehret, sixth; J. Shebli. eeventh; 'j c'
HuKuein. eighth; A. Studer, ninth; A. von
Wyl, tenth. . , -
. Swiss Rifle Club Scores.
The regular shoot of the Swiss Rlflo
Club was held yesterday at the club
range. The ecores:
the American Delegates Fright
ens the brigands.
LONDON. Feb. 9.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Dally Chronicle, de
scribing the recent futile attempt to ran
som Miss Ellen M. Stone, the captive.
American missionary, says:
"When the American delegates with th»
ransom left the railroad at Zeres by car
riage they had an escort of thirty cav
alrymen; but as they advanced into Mace
donia the number of this escort was in
creased from all the military posts along
the route. Small detachments joined the
cavalcade until, arriving at Djulbala it
was stronger than a squadron on a wa
footing. ~ f '\-
Presence -of Too Many People With
TELLS OF FUTILE ATTEMPT
TO RANSOM MISS STONE
Selections for To-Day.
¦ First Race —Arigato, Marelio. Rinaldo. •
Second Race —The Weaver. Maraschino. Vas
allo.
Third Race —Monda. Marcato, Castake.
Fourth Race—Pat Morrlssey. El Mido, Chan
doo.
Fifth Race —Bard Burns, The Miller. Tlbu
ron.
* Sixth Race —Relna de Cuba. Alzura. Edu
cate.
James Fitzgerald played a match game"
of handball in Phil. Ryan's court yester
day, meeting James White and R. Line
han. The game was a tie, the score be
ing 21-17, 16-21. The other matches re
sulted as follow^:
J. Manning and J. McNa
,,mara.... ....21 15 21 16 21
»V. Cummlngs and T. Mc-
Manus 13 21 14 21 19
P. Basch and M. Berwin....21 .12 21 17 21
Martin Levy and C. Basch. .19 21 , 20 21 ' 14
J. Klrby and P. Talo. .;..... .21 12 17 21 ; 21
J. Foley and D. Regan 13 21 21 11 16
M. "McNeil and L. Carralne. . . . . . 21 16 21
G. McDonald and N. Polldorl. ;.',;. 14 21 19
J. Glynn and A. Whiteman. •.'.*. 21''' 20 21 21
E. White and W, Mitchell. . 18 21 19 17
G. Green and Mose Levy... .21' 21 17 19 .21
\V. Johnson and F. Smith.. 13 18 21 21 14,
M. M. Guthrie and W. John- '.
son ...... ..21-21 15 19 21
T. Foley and A. Whiteman. 17 18 21 21 14.
J. White and R. Linehan.,21 17' 21 19 21
James Fitzgerald and M. J. *¦
Kllgallon ....20 21 16 21 18
W. Magulre and T. Leach. .21 21 15 ': 16 21
J. Collins and M. McClure.,13 11 21 21 14
Tie Game of Handball.
. The noise attracted the attention of tho
landlord, and he ran to the room. The
robber at that time was concealed in a
hallway, and when the landlord went to
call an officer he battled His way past
several men who attempted to intercept
him and rushed Into the. street.* Officers
were sent: from the Central police ; sta
tion, .; but they couM get no clew, as to
who the offender was. „. • "
The recipient of Savage's generosity in
sisted that he accompany him to the
room and he did so. Once the door was
clo'sed the man attacked Savage and for
a -time the two battled fiercely. . Finally,
the thief dealt Savage a. severe blow over
the head, and when his victim fell insen
sioie he seized his belt and smarted for. the
door.;- ¦ ,¦ -. . -/¦•¦: ; .-'...;, ; ¦¦.•....¦'»;'.':;
According Jo Savage's story, he was ac
costed by a young man on Portsmouth
square, who asked him for 10 cents with
which to procure lodgings. Savage re
plied that he would not give the stranger
any money, but would rent a room for
him. Tne beggar accepted and the two
went to the Prescott House.
' A bold robbery -was reported to the po
lice at the Central station last evening
shortly after 9 o'clock. Joe Savage, an
aged visitor from the country, was bru
tally beaten in a room in the Prescoit
House, Kearny street and Montgomery
avenue, by an unknown man and a belt
containing $600, was taken from him.
Barranquilla \ is on the ; left bank ! of the
Magdalena River fifteen miles from its
mouth.- It has a population of 18,000.
Following/Its concerning, transit
through ...the department of Panama the
Colombian Government has' issued a sec
ond decree with, reference , to barracks'
and the housing of- troops in the depart
ment, including, Panama and. Colon.- This"
decree, orders military chiefs to report to
the local authorities the houses necessary
to; the housing of men. The houses^be
longing to the enemies 'of the Government
will be appropriated first. Secondly, those
belonging to neutrals will' be taken, and
lastly, houses belonging to friends of the
Government will.be appropriated, y ---
The property of foreigners, on the asser
tion' of .three witnesses that the foreigner
has I participated In revolution. . which
shall be considered the truth, ; shall be
treated like property belonging to the ene
mies of the Government. ' ¦ •'•• ¦ . • ¦ - -
Article five of this decree prohibits the
operating of all canteens and public es
tablishments of every sort in.Barranqullla
belonging to Liberals so long as the de
cree remains in force under, penalty of -a
fine, of $1000. . . : ¦- •; «¦ . . *\
Friends of thfe Government of Colombia who
intercede by word or letter for. any Liberal In
fringing voluntarily or Involuntarily the pres
ent decree -wllltbe 'Considered hostile ¦ to . the
Government and as such Bhall suffer imprison
ment for thirty days. ¦• '. ¦• .
As a consequence of this Liberal men
ace, to Barranquilla Dr. Joaquin Velez;
the civil and military chief of the depart
ment of Bolivar, has $ issued a. decree
which. prohibits all Liberals .from walking
on the streets of Barranquilla at any hour
of the day or night. The Chief of Police
is to enforce this decree by means of an
armed patrol. The guards of the town
aro ordered to make prisoners of those
contravening article four .of the Gov
ernor's decree, which says:
COLON, Feb.. 9.— News has just reached
here that on January 28 the Liberals res
ident in the town of Barranquilla, profit
ing by the withdrawal of 400 Government
troops to reinforce Panama, made an ef
fort to capture the town. After the ex
change of several shots the Liberals were
driven to the mountains, where it was im
possible to pursue them. ,, . ;, ,:.
General Gonzales Valencia ia expected
at Barranquilla with 2000 troops from the
province of Santander. Thirteen hundred
troops from the province of Cundinamar
ca and 1200 more from Puerto Berrlo are
also expected at Barranquilla. Of these
latter a large number under the command
of General Tovar will be detached for ser
vice on the. isthmus and at Panama.
REDDING, Feb. 9.-After roaming the
hills and woods around Kennet for thirty
six hours without food In a fierce storm
prevailing for that period "Bill" Brown
a character notorious throughout this
country, was taken in charge this even-
w s S T he j. walked aroun <l the home of
w. C. Landls, a stranger to him, at Ken
net, vowing that some occupant of the
house intended to kill him and that te
was preparing for a battle to the death
Brown Is undoubtedly insane. With
white haggard face, as a result of ex
posure and lack of food, and wild eyes
resulting from his mental condition, he
presented a grewsome sight to the officers
who took him in charge. Several weeks
ago Brown made an attempt to stab a
buck, squaw and Indian boy near Baird.
on the McCloud River. The act was then
thought to be due to Intoxication, but this
time he is known to have not been drink-
Ing. . . »,;?.-.
Insane, Arrested I>urlng the
Storm.
Shasta County Man, Supposed to Be
OITICEBS FIND HIM
PREPARING FOR FIGHT
Thug Attacks Joe Sav
age and Takes Belt .
Containing $600.
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot — First champion class, A. Genre t 233;
second champion class, O. Bremer 213; first
class, J. D. Helse 202; second class, O. H.
Bahrs 200; third class, A. E. Goetze 169;, best
first shot. A. Jungblut 25; best last shot, W.
Morken 24.
. Germanla Schuetzen Club, competition shoot
for cash . prizes — H. ¦ Huber 73, R. Stettin 71.
A. Gehret 71, F. P. Schuster 71, F. E. Mason
71, D. B. Faktor 69, A. Jungblut 69, A. Pape
68. Ten-shot contest for Garms trophy — A.
Pape 221. F. E. Mason 221, D. B. Faktor 21S.
J. Gefken 209, F. P. Schuster 207, E. H.
Goetze 204. D. Salfleld 204. H. Huber 202.
. Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
J. Donovan 31, Sergeant F. C. Lawler 21, M.
Barto 33, H. Gaetjen 27. C. Granz 36, C. J.
Herlng 40. H. Marzolf 40, Corporal A. G.
Dietrlck 36. C. Kornbeck 33. Sergeant C. An
drews 35), Sergeant H. Kuhlke 41. Team shoot
for purse — Sergeant H. Kuhlke 20, Sergeant C.
Andrews 20, C. Kornbeck 17; total. 57. J. H.
Kuhlke 20, G. .Mitchell 20, H. Gaetjen 16;
total. 56.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
bullseye shoot — O. Lemcke 291. C. F. Rust
33G, H. Huber 343. A.' Mocker 610. H. Seth
man 790. J. de Wit 792. H. Meyer 95S. Captain
J. Thode 1020, D. Salfleld 1100, J. Gefken 1174,
O. von Borstel 1194. F. Thode 1204.' . :
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
medal shoot— Champion class. F. P. Schuster
438; first class, R. Stettin 421;- second class. O.
Lemcke 375; third class, W. C. Morken 304;
fourth class, W; F. Garms 373; best flrst shot.
R. Stettin 23; best last shot. TC. F. Garms 24.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
shoot: Rifle, Gllndemann trophy — M. F. Blasae
203, W. F. Blasse 202. CM. Henderson 215
A. Gehret 217. Handicap— M. F. Blasse 210. 206
208. 208: "W\ G. Hoffman 217. 225, 222; A B
Dorrell 218; C. M. Henderson 200, 185; "W F
Blasse 192, 200; A. Gehret 228 ; E. TVoenn
184 196. Gold medal — W. :• Ehrenpfort • 194
211. Silver medal — W. G. Hoffman 230 o'
Bremer 220, 219.
fPistol. handicap — J. E. Gorman 05, 94, 9.1
91; -F. S. Washburn 92. 91. 90. 80, 88. 82 81-
G. Tammeyer 84/ 77. '74; TV. F. Blasse 84. 83*
81. ¦- ¦ ' ' -¦ " ¦'¦• • ' ¦•¦•--.
Revolver, handicap — J. E. Gorman J>5, 91 90
87, 92. 91: P. A. Becker 93. 89. 88. 87. 88 86*
85, 84, 82. 81; M. J. White S5. 81. 79, 78- J
R. Trego 78, 78; J. W. Tompklna 73; C.' o"
Wheeler 04. . • • , '
Pistol, sliver medal — J. - Kullmann 84 rs
82. .82. '70, 77. 76, 73. 70: H. Hlnker 81, 74
• ¦ Revolver, silver medal — J. R. Trego 84,
Try to Take Barranquilla
During Temporary Ab
sence of Troops.
Fifth Race — Six furlongs, selling; four-year
olds and upward:.
r3259)Tiburon - 117 3203 Scallywag ...114
33 71 The Miller -.117 Magazine 114
(320S)Dr. Eipyle ...117 3184 The Singer ..117
Barnato 117 3255 Bard Burns ..114
?,271 G*o. Dewey..ll" 3198 Spry Lark 117
3268 William F ..117
Sixth Race — Futurity course, selling : four
year-olds and upwards:
3266 Educate .....102 3266 Ieallne .. 102
3268 Clarando .... 106 3240 Fridolin 102
3196 R. de Cuba.. 100 3206 Fidel Toulin .100
3203 Mount. Dew.. .106 3259 Hilary 10S
3240 Onyx 108 3268 Foul Play . . ] 00
3274 Sliver Fizz ..106 3173 Alzura 102
Fourth Race — One mile, selling; three-year
olds and upwards:
3259 Casdale 113 . 3253 Chandoo 96
3267 Esternell 05j(32«5)The Gafflr 108
3271 P. MorrSssey..ll5j 3271 Cromwell 118
3260 Decoy 115i 522S El Mido 115
Third Race — Seven furlongs, selling;' four
year-olds and upwards:
3265 H. Thatcher.. 99 3274 Fonnero 113
3160 Castake 89 3262 Marcato 117
3142 C. Ballantyne.117 3268 Monda 97
3102 Eurdock 99 3268 Flamero 117
S271 Rasp 96
Second Race — Futurity course, selling; three
year-olds :
3071 Tufts 114 3226 Halmetta 112
3263 Lunga 106 3243 Baldo 10S
3287 Maraschino ..1O<! r.24« The Weaver.. .111
3137 Sir Claus 108 32C5 Vaeallo 114
3264 Lento Ill
The entries for this afternoon's running
events at Oakland track are as follows:
First Race — One mile, selling; three-year
olds and upward:
3216 Koenig 109 3201 Intrada ......102
3251 Ka.Eta.lne 107 3265 Arigato 87
3251 Greylette 111 3259 Loyal S 111
3267 Marelio 8» 3168 Rlnaldo 103
Oakland Track Entries.
George Kelly, who claims to be an ac
tor, was arrested on Mason street about
6 o'clock yesterday morning: and booked
for drunkenness. He gave the name of
Thomas F. Galley. He was released
shortly after 8 o'clock on $5 cash ball and
went to tho City Hall station to get an
order for the return of his property. He
was so obstreperous in his demand that
he was again locked up for drunkenness.
This t'me he .gave his name as Thomas F.
Kelly and his occupation as a plumber.
Kelly was taken, from the City Hall
station along with four other prisoners
in the patrol wagon to the City Prison.
As they entered the central police station
Kelly made a break for liberty. He
rushed along the assembly room, along
the basement and up the stairs to the
first floor, so as to make his exit by tho
main entrance from Kearny street. Ser
geant Moffltt and several officers had
started In pursuit, and just as Kelly
neared the street he was overtaken. Ha
struggled to get free, but found it useless,
and was soon In a cell In the prison.
George Kelly Causes an Exciting
Scene in the Corridors of Hall
of Justice.
PRISONER MAKES A
BREAK FOR LIBERTY
LIBERALS MAKE
ATTACK ON TOWN
Eeavy Blast ¦ Jars the Fissure of
Overhanging Walls and the
Timbers Give Way.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 9.— In a cave-in in
the' Diamond mine, one of the Amalga
mated properties, two men, Jerry J. Con
roy and Richard Williams, were crushed
to death early this morning.
Without a sign of warning an immense
mass of rock weighing over seventy-five
tons fell upon the men. burying them
completely. Many responded to the call
of rescue, but the mass covering them
was of such proportions that it took five
hours to reach the two men. The bodies
were badly mangled.
It is believed that a previous blast had
jarred the • fissure of the overhanging
walls and that the weight of the rock
was more than the timbers could stand.
TONS OF FALLING ROCK
CRUSH MINERS TO DEATH
The, old "Palace Hotel" on Jackson
street was also raided about S o'clock yes
terday morning and seventeen Chinese
were arrested for violating the ordinance.
The place is run by Moore, ostensibly as
the headquarters of a religious body, tho
Union ¦ Mission Army, but in reality as
a cheap lodging-house, the charge being
10 cents*- for a 'meal, bed or bath. Moore"
has been a conspicuous figure on the
streets for some years, as he wears tha
uniform of ,a general of the regular army,
and his wife Is attired in a similar uni
form. He has been in trouble here on
more than one occasion, and once he was
arrested for biting a physician on the
arm during a dispute over an account for
medical attendance.
The Union Mission Army headquarters
at 626 "Washington street was raided by
Sergeant Christiansen and posse between
2 and 3 o'clock yesterday morning and
forty-two lodgers and the proprietor A.
W. Moore, were arrested and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of violating
the cubic air ordinance. They were oC
all ages and nationalities, and most of
them laborers. None could give bail and
all had to remain in prison.
Headquarters and Make Forty-
Three Arrests.' ¦•••- •
Police Raid Union. Mission Army
CHARGED WITH VIOLATING
CUBIC AIR ORDINANCE
' The weights for the great $10,000 Burns
handicap to be decided on Saturday next
at Oakland track were given out for pub
lication yesterday by Handicapper Brooks.
Watercure and Autolight, the Morris en
tries, are assigned top weight, 124 pounds.
Then graduating down come Nones, the
entry of P. Ryan, with 119; Argregor 117
and Vesuvian 115. Articulate gets 112,
while one of Bob Smith's other entries,
Greyfeld, could he show a return of his
old form, looks nicely in with 106. Fa
vonius siiouia have a royal chance carry
ing loo it he can face the barrier fit and
well. All Oreen Is allotted 112, -which
makes him dangerous if his rickety un
derpinning undergoes improvement. None
of the extreme lightweights look to have
class enough to cut any figure. The race
is at one mile and a quarter.
The rich stakes of the Karlem Jockey
Club close to-day. Blanks can be had at
the track upon application , to "Busy
Jimmy" Hanby.
The allotment of weights in the Burns
handicap follows:
Water-cure, g., 5. .124 San Nicholas c. 3.100
Autolight. h., 4 . . . 124 ' .Plan g-., a loo
g., 4 liajiiangor. h., (5. 9S
Argregor, h.. 4 ll'lKomc, m., 4 as
Vesuvian. h.. 5 ll5:fcSab. m., 4 as
Red Path, g., .5 1U John McGurk. g. 4. »S>
Joe Frey. h.. 4 113 Marshall Xeil, h..
All Oreen. h.; 4. ..112 4 ns
Vaul Clifford, g., 4..11u'Rey Dare, g.. 4... 97
Articulate, h.. 4...112S«a Lion, h., 6.... Hi
The Pride, g., tj...UO! Sylvan Lass m 6. 95
Toddy g. t 5 110 j Hicador, h.. - 4 95
Imp. Royal Flush, :»5lddons. b., 4 95
li.. a llO'Morlnel m. a. SI5
Constellator g.. 5..11O.S Sunello g. 5 95
La Goleta, m.. a..lOS Edna Brown, m., 4.. t>5
Flying Torpedo, g., |Racetto, g., 5 05
4 1GS •rtushfields, g. a.. 95
Yellow Tail, h., 5...108 Arbaces, h., a !S3
The Fretter. h., 6. . lOsj Frangible g 5 02
Black Dick. h.. 4. .107! Limelight, g., 6... 90
Ordnungr. g.. 6 10T Tempo, h.. a 00
Tlmemaker. h.. a..lO7'La<ly Sterling:, f. 3. 90
Hagerdon, g.. 5...107iMy Gypsy, m., 5.. 00
Favonius, h., 6 106 Corrtente, m.. a... 90
Greyfeld, h.. 6 10C fillie Andrews m,
Obia. m., 4 105 4 .' 90
Greenock. h., 5 105 Kalos. g., 5 90
Rio Shannon, h.. 5.. 105 Tanrigo m., 4 90
Horton. h.. 6 104 Pol Lichtenstein g.,
Scotch Pla-id, g.. a..lO:j 3 90
Sweet Tooth, h., 4.. 103 Young Morello, h.,
Goldone. h.. 5 103 5 90
Diderot, g., 4 102 Forte, g., a 90
Brutal, g., 4 10<) Sir Lewis, c. 3... SS
Imperious, g., a. ..100 Sir Tom Tiddler,
Corrlgan. c. 3 100 c, 3 8S
Bathos, h., 4 .1O<_> Arthur Ray. c, 3... 83
Col. Roosevelt, h., Frank Kinney, h., 4 $5
5 ICO Barbara Freitchie,
Beau .Ormonde, h., m.. 4 85
4 1C0 Schwarzwald, c, 3.. 85
The Bich "Stake Bears an
Open Look at the
Present Time.
In doubles Collier and Crowell beat
Mitchell and Daily, 6—4; Powers and
Cornell beat G. Smith and Kuehn, 1—6,
6 — 3, 6 — i; Lane brothers beat Cerf and
Kuehn, 6—2, 6—3, and Cerf and B. Wood,
6—4.
Other matches resulted as follows: Joe
Daily beat Frank Mitchell, 6-4; Collier
beat Mitchell, 6-0; A. Worthington beat
Dr. Noble, 6—3, 6—1, 6—0, 6—1; Ray Cornell
and H. Powers tied, 6—2, 0—6; C. Kuehn
gave M. Cerf "fifteen" and won, 8 — 6, 6 — 4;
L.. E. Wood beat Stubbs. 6—2, 6— 3. . -•.;..,
In the second class Beyfuss' victory
over Judah was a surprise, as the latter
was expected to win handily. Beyfuss
alter losing the first set settled down to
steady play and took the next three sets
easily. The score was 5—7, 6—1, 7—5, 6—0.
The handicap of "fifteen" between the
classes was too small. This was by far
the most successful tournament ever held
on the public courts.
Many cracks were out on the California
Club courts yesterday and some good
matches were played. The best match of
the day was between W. B. Collier and
H. -W. Crowell. • After winning. two sets
each the contestants stopped with the
score 8—8 in the,' fifth set.
The match between the two first class
men, Routh and Dunlap, was by far the
best of the tournament. Dunlap relied on
his chop stroke entirely, while Routh used
his speedy drive throughout the match.
The score, in favor of Routh, was 7—5,
5-7, 6—3, 6—3.
Considering the scant odds allowed him
Beyfuss made a remarkably good showing
against Routh. Allowing odds of "fif
teen" Routh won, 7 — 5, 3 — 6, 6— 3, 6 — 0. The
loser is probably the smallest player in
the city, but is quite clever with the
racket.
Charles Dunlap, the park tennis cham
pion, met defeat yesterday at the hands
of Harry Routh on the park courts! On
two previous, occasions the former won
from his opponent by a small margin, but
Routh was invincible yesterday and won
three sets out of four. Routh not'only
won" his class, but came out victorious in
the interclass play-off.
In the second class., Alec Beyfuss beat
Judah three sets out of four and thereby
earned the right to play in the finals with
Routh, the winner of the first class, i .
The seventh volume of the coursing stud
book is just off the press. George McE.
Malcolm, its compiler, has collected a
fund of information useful to all sports
men interested in the .development "of
greyhounds. There is a chapter on Eng
lish coursing by "Vindex," a noted Eng
lish writer. There are tabulated pedigrees
of winning sires and dams and returns of
.coursing throughout America.
Third round — Tapioca beat Living Picture,
4-0; Elista beat Roy Hughie,. 6-2; Sempronlus
beat Anchor. 18-14; Silver Cloud beat Gramer
cy. 5-4.
Fourth round — Tapioca a bye ; Elista beat Sil
ver Cloud, i
Deciding course — D. J.. Healey's Tapioca
beat same owner's Elista. 10-0.
There were several notable courses, es
pecially those between Hickory Dick and
i-uxor and Sacramento Boy and Aeolus.
In the open stake D. J. Healey's Tapioca
and Elista met in the deciding course, the
tormer scoring ten points to the latter 1 s
nothing. .Elista had much tne harder
coursing during the day.
In the semi-rinal round Silver Cloud,
favorite for the stake, was defeated by
Khsta. Alter leaving the hands of Slipper
"Jim Grace he ran all right for a time
and then -threw out" his hip joint in his
desperate effort to win. Judge Grace de
clared all bets off, as the backers of Sil
ver Cloud could not get a run. for their
money owing to his crippled condition.
r5 e T d e taiIed results of the running,
with Judge John Grace's official score,
follow:
.Special stake— G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick
beat Alameda Kennels" A. J Martin \>-£ A
n £ U £v S>^ uxor bea «- J- Cane's Greenhall, V-4;
O. Zahl s Homer Boy beat H. H. (Jray's Hona
i-3; Cr. >.ethercQtt's Freda C beat E. Geary's
Kuby Sankey, 3-1; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 5-3; PashiT Ken
nels Fiery Face beat A. R. Curtis' Leola 7-4:
A - R i Jr ur ' ls \ L °y al Lad beat E. Geary's Amer
!? a - , 5 '/ ; T 7: J - Cr °nln's Tralee Boy beat A. It.
Curtis Kibosh. 5-3; Aeneld Kennels' Aeolus
beat Pasha Kennels' Kocker. 3-2; li. Walsh's
Sacramento Boy beat A. K. Curtis' Charta, 7-3
Second round— Hickory Dick beat Luxor;
11-7; Homer Boy beat Freda C, 5-1; Flying Fox
beat Fiery Face. 6-5; Tralee Boy beat Loyal
%, 2; Sacram ento Boy beat Aeolus. 21-8.
, , Thl £ d round— Homer Boy beat Hickory Dick
4-1; Hying Fox beat Tralee Boy. 6-1; Sacra
mento Boy a bye.
Fourth round— Flying Fox a bye; Sacramento
Boy beat Hoirfer Boy. 12-2.
Deciding course— A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
beat D. Walsh' 8 Sacramento Boy 3-2
Open stake — J. Trade's Belle Rocket beat O
Zahl's Miss Wilson. 8-6; J. Hurley's Living
Picture beat O. Zahl's O'Hara 8-5: D J
Healey's Tapioca beat W. Cairn's Imperial,
5-0; D. J. Healey's Elista beat W. Cairn's Gold
Ore, 3-1; J. Hurley's Riley Grannan beat L S
Barre's Boodle Boy. 13-7; J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen beat H. Schaffer's Fair Glen. 6-2; E
CJeary's Roy Hug-hie a bye; A. R. Curtis'
Wapsee withdrawn; J. Trade's Casey beat Kel
ly & Hanley's Fearful Ship. 11-6; Chlartni
Bros.' Sempronlus beat Pasha Kennels' Rustic
Arbor, 4-2; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat beat E
Neave's First Foot, 4-2; Sterl & Knowles' Olita
beat O. B. Merrill's Warpath. 16-3; A. R. Cur
tis' Anchor beat T. W. Bartels' Bogus Brum
mel. 7-2; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat
W. C. de B. Lopez' Peplta. 5-0; A. McLeod's
Royal Friend beat C. Glock's Alameda Lad,
3-2; A. Van der White's Lear King beat Ala
meda Kennels' Lilac, 7-4; J. Hurley's Gra
mercy beat P. M. Curtis' Sir Pitt, 8-6.
Second round — Living Picture beat Belle
Rocket, 8-6; Tapioca beat Rlley Grannan. 6-0;
Elista beat Forest Queen. 9-6; Roy Hughle beat
Casey, 10-3; Sempronius beat AUta, 12-6; An
chor beat White Hat. 3-0; Silver Cloud beat
Royal Friend. 5-0; Gramercy beat Lear Kins,
12-3. -
The loser was a 2 to 1 favorite. During
the stake he ran 187 seconds to his oppo
nent's 13S. The Fox started some four
pounds over his coursing weight on Sat
turday and seemed to run himself into
condition.
The hare when liberated made direct
for the "escape" on the north side of the
field near the kennels and took the two
fast dogs nearly to the fence. Flying Fox
was the first to show in the lead, but was
passed when near the hare by Sacramento
±*oy. The hare when hard pressed broke
back toward Flying Fox, giving him the
first turn. He secured a second one al
most immediately. His * opponent then
"tripped" the hare and Flying Fox
dashed in for the kill, which gave him
first place and his owner the long end of
the purse, Sacramento Boy was allowed
one point for speed and one for the
"trip." Flying Fox secured two points
for his two turns and one for the kill.
The fortunes of coursing were not with
Sacramento Boy yesterday at Union Park.
He was defeated in the deciding course
by A. R. Curtis' game greyhound Flying
Fox by the close score of 3 to 2.
Morris' Horses Given
the Plac3 of
Honor.
ROBS AH AGED
MAN IN ROOM
On Wednesday "Young Mitchell" and
Kirk Harris will cross the bay with a
party of Olympians to see their young
friend perform. On the night he meets
Toby Irwin at Oakland a. number of his
club friends will be seated together near
the ringside. Britt will try to induce
"Young Mitchell" to act as his second.
In his work yesterday he showed his
strength. He broke the punching bag
from its swivel and sent it flying through
a window. He also showed to advantage
while roughing it with Curtis Richardson.
George Lavigne wanted Britt - to share
his quarters at Blanken's, but he decided
to remain at Alameda.
Britt entertained many friends yester
day, including "Billy" Leonard, De Witt
Van Court, "Charley" Reno, Sam Berger,
Johnny Ferris of the Assessor's office,
Charles Mangels and "Billy" Pratt. In
the morning he did his road work and in
the afternoon exercised in the big gym
nasium at Croll's Gardens. He is delight
ed with his surroundings and with the
consideration shown him. He is not box
ing much, as he wants to take no chance
of injuring his hands.
His mentor would never permit it, say
ing: "Save -that energy for- the. .ring."
The Australians say a race is "left on
the sands" when a horse or a man is
given too severe trials before a contest.
This is what the clever Olympian must
guard against.
When Peter Jackson was. laying the
foundation for his splendid physique, in
Australia, he did his running work on a
quarter-mile cinder path under the watch
ful eyes of his trainer. When the latter
would tell him he had gone far enough
for one spin he would often beg to be al
lowed to test his epeed against the watch.
OVER at*Alameda there Is a light
hearted boy preparing himself for
his first appearance as a profes
. sional boxer. This . is James
Britt. who, for several years, has
'defended the winged "O" of the Olympic
Athletic .Club in championship tourna
ments, and who is matched to box Toby
Ir win before the Acme Club.
The regular exercise, both out of doors
and in the gymnasium, has worked;won
ders in his general health. He goes about
his allotted tasks with all the vim and
enthusiasm of youth. When they <have
been performed he wants to go through
the card again. Herein lies the danger
of overwork into ¦which amateurs in all
branches of sport are inclined to rush. -
As De Witt Van Court is one of the
lightweight champion's advisers it is not
likely he will make a mistake in this
respect. ¦ Years ago an amateur boxer
sought Van Court's advice as to training
for a prospective fight. He . was told to
go away to the country and ¦ spend the
week before the fight out of doors. He
was a hard working blacksmith by trade
and a clever boxer. Van Court knew he
would be improved by the comparative
rest and would take on a little weight,
which he needed. His toil-hardened mus
cles required no additional work. ('
The advice was so different to what he
had expected that he did not" follow It,
but placed himself in the hands of men
who were accustomed to handling pro
fessionals. They gave him the work he
expected and made him exercise until he
was ready to drop from exhaustion. When
the night of the fight came around they
had completely exhausted his vitality,'
that intangible -quality the possession of
which invariably means victory. \ . The
man was easily defeated. Van Court will
always Relieve a promising boxer was
spoiled by lack of intelligent training.
California Club Players Meet
in Interesting
Matches.
Hare Favors the Curtis Rep
resentative in Close >
Contest.
BURNS HANDICAP
WEIGHTS FIXED
Carries Off All Honors
in the Park Tour
>, * "- nament.
Defeats Sacramento Boy
at Union Coursing
Park.
ROUTH DEFEATS
TENNIS CHAMPION
FLYIHTG FOX
IS THE VICTOR
Stall boxes containing 'six seats, $250;
stall boxes containing five seats, $20u; stall
boxes of four seats, $130; rear stall boxes
containing three seats, $100. The remain
ing seats in the house will be placed, on
sale to the general public.
"We will endeavor," said Grau, "to
keep seats out of the hands of specula
tors and in this respect we want the co
operation of the public. The performance,
which will be one of the grandest given
in America, will begin promptly at S
o'clock and will last until close to 1
o'clock. It is expected that the Prince
will enter shortly after 8 o'clock. He and
his suite will occupy the five parterre
boxes, which will be especially arranged
for the royal party.
"No pains or expense will be spared to
make the performance a gorgeous one.
The expense will be enormous. Between
$10,000 and $20,000 will be spent upon the
decorations. Specifications for the decor
ations have been sent to the decorators
and the matter will be fully decided upon
in a short time."
In this programme each of the prima
donnas and all of the great tenors of tne
Metropolitan company will take part.
The following schedule of prices will
prevail: .
Orchestra chairs, $CQ; dress circle, 515;
first rows in the balcony, $12 50; rear
rows in balcony, $10; family circle, *o.
Admission with standing-room will be $5.
All of the boxes have been disposed of
to the opera committee. The scale of
prices for the boxes decided upon by Grau
and the committee is as follows:
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— Maurice Grau,
director of the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany, after a conference with the opera
committee of the Mayor's committee ap
pointed in connection with the proposed
visit of Prince Henry, to-day announced
the arrangements, as far as completed,
for the entertainment of the Prince at
the Metropolitan Opera-house on Lha
evening of February 25. The programme
probably will consist of the first act of
"Lohengrin," the second act > of "Car
men," the third act of "Alda," the second
act of "Tannhauser," the first act of "La
Traviata" and the third scene of "El
Cid."
The first of the two extra recitals to' be
Eiven by Josef Hofmann at Metropolitan
Hall will take place next Wednesday
evening, commencing at S:15. The young
virtuoso will play an especially fine list
of numbers, and in the 'Chopin concerto
•v ill be. accompanied, on a second piano
by hie father. The: second recital will
take place next Saturday afternoon.
Seats for both recitals arc now on sale
Et Sherman, CJay & Co.'s. The Wednes
cay night recital will give many an op
portunity to- hear the great pianist who
are unable to attend the matinees
The - second symphony concert cf the
seccn-J series of three will tak«» place
next Friday afternoon at 3:15 sharp at
th» Grand Opera-house. The sale of seats
has eo far been very encouraging and
the steady progress and high achievement
cf th«; orchestra under Paul Steindorffs
¦ direction warrant the directors of the so
ciety in believing that a financial suc
cess will be added to the strong artistic
success that has been already achieved
by the San Francisco Symphony Society
The single seat sale will open to-morrow
morning at Sherman & Clay's mu-=ic
store- The programme arranged for the
Friday afternoon concert is as follows:
"T'nflrlshed Symphony" Schubert
Overture. "Th* Life of the Czar" Glinka
"§I rerB<5e ." • • - Jadassohn
•Phaeton 'eymphonie r-oem) Salnt-Saens
The great St. Leons, acrobats of note
made a hit at the Chutes yesterday with
iheir rrarvelous feats of strength and
agility. Ella Burl's wonderful feat of
crastlnff the chutes en a bicycle is still a
greet attraction, and the other numbers
on th* programme are very entertaining.
The Central Theater has for this week
a strong melodrama, "A Young Wife "
As always with the Central plays "A
Younj; Wife" has sensational interest
and f. story in which the pathetic and
comic elements are blended with happy
effect. The cast includes the best players
in tho. company. Several specialties will
be introduced during the evening.
• • •
"The Ameer" at the Tivoli enters on
its thied week to-right and "with yet no
sign uf diminished popularity. It is
ftage*?. sung and acted in some respects
better than the original Kirke La Shelle
production, with Frank Daniels and r-'s
company, and it never falls below the
suindsxd set by the first company. Fer
ris Hartman, in the title role, is at his
funni.ttst; Webb -and Cashman are sturdy
helpers in the fun, and Anna Lfchtcr,
Frances Graham, Annie Myers, Harold
Gordon and Arthur Cunningham form a
melodious quintet, the equal of which
few other comic operas can produce. Th»
next opera to be put on is the popular
"The fierenade," long a favorite with
the Eoatonians.
• • •
The Alcazar Theater will have a strong
attraction this week in Henry Arthur
Jones' brilliant play, "The Rogue's Com
edy." It is long since the comedy was
given !v;re, and its ingenious complica
tions and clever character drawing will
afiorft an opportunity to the strong com
pcr.y at the Alcazar Theater that the
plsys lately on its programme have denied
to -thf-jn. The bill for next week is "The
O-lenUil Express."
The farewell week of the Edwin Arden
engagement at the Grand Opera-house
¦will be given over to "Raglan's Way," a
drarn/i from the pen of Mr. Arden. "Rag
lan's Way" is said to be a better exam
ple of Mr. Arden's skill than the strong
melocrama "Zorah" that was given at
the tefpnning of the author-actor's en
gagement here, but if it is only as suc
ful a? "Zorah," Mr. Arden will number
tv.o 1 (lays that are both distinctly above
the twrage. The Grand Opera-house
stock company will be seen in support of
Mr. Arden. and with its recently
strengthened force will doubtless fulfill all
requirements.
"In the Palace of the King," which will
be repeated at the Columbia Theater this
week, is meeting with great success. The
tb( ater is crowded nightly to its capacity,
ar.<i the generous applause fully .testifies
to the enjoyment of the audiences. In
view of the large demand for seats, it has
been decided to give an extra matinee per
formance on Wednesday next. The play
is one of the best examples cf the modern
romantic cr^ma, and is acted by iliss
Allen and her company In thoroughly ef
fective fashion, iliss Allen as Dolores de
iitndoza has cne of her happiest oppor
tunities, and with "W. E. Bonney in a
powenul sketch of King Philip 11, Arthur
Hcyt in a clever study of the jester and
"W. B. Pascoe as the hero, Don John, and
the rest of the company forms a cast that
for even excellence has seldom been
equaled here.
;.*exf week the pastoral drama, "'Way
Dyva East," will be put on.
"The Sign of the Cross," a drama writ
ten by \\ ilson Barrett, began a two
weeks' engagement at the California last
night and scored a big success. The play
teils ol the struggles of the early Chris
tians under Nero's reign, and the com-
Uuxy is a capable one. Charles Dal ton as
iliifcus Superbus, Prefect of Rome, gives
& virile impersonation of the part. Miss
Mignon Shattinger as Mercia plays the
Christian girl in a. natural manner, and
Lhe rest of the cast is in good hands.
There are several new and attractive
features at the Orpheum J this week, and
arnont the most pleasing is Mary Nor
man. ,the society caricaturist, in her draw
ing: room monologue. She is exceedingly
clever, and her caricatures of the Boston.
Ban Francisco, New York and Chicago
young ladies were received la-st night
with hearty applause. She quickly estab
lished herself as a favorite with the audi
ence. The Dempsey and Mack Company
presents a laugnabie sketch, "A man of
Chance," by \N ilmer and Vincent. There
is nothing new in the plot, but the situa
tions tre complex and amusing and they
make the most of them. Wincherman's
trained bears ar.d performing monkey are
•well worth seeing- A big biack bear
seems to be almost gifted with human
Intelligence. Rose and Jeanette are dainty
terpsichorean artists and their stunt met
•with much favor. The marvelous Merrills
In their wonderful cycling feats continue
to astcnish and delight the audiences and
axe still the bright, particular attraction.
The Faust trio in their sensational suc
ctos. '"The Haunted Mill"; Joseph Keich
ei. s wonderfully clever dogs; Adellna
R, attino. the prima donna, soprano, and
xi.j American biograph make up a bill
tl.at it would be hard to excel for general
excellence. The orchestra deserves a
iv^rd of praise for the serio-comic fan
tasie, "A Trip to Coney Island," which
luerally brought down the house.
Efforts to Be Made to Kesp
Seats Out of the Hands
of Speculators.
Theaters During Present
Week.
Good Attractions at All the
Director Grau Announces
Operatic Programme
as Completed.
Viola Allen Scores Big
-
Success at the
Columbia.
ORPHEUM BILL
IS A FINE ONE
STARS TO SING
FOR THE PRINCE
OLYM PIANS OBSERVE BOXER BRITT AT HIS TRAINING QUARTERS
8
l -, $ /. , • . ,:¦,:;¦¦:¦,¦:¦¦ ¦ ¦ •••.. . •- v ¦ . . - • . .'¦¦•¦.¦, .-¦ . , ,; . ¦ ¦-.-..¦ . . v.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 19OS;
» I 200 | 3U0 ~ | . 500
G. H. Smith 13 24 12
H. H. HUlerbrand 17 8 4
A. M. Samuels 14 11 0
Corporal K. H. Locke.. 18 14 6
L. C. Gillan 2 0 0
F. F. Brown 3 3 9
W. A. Rantz 17 12 15
Lieut. W. A. Varney.. 19 13 20
Sergeant J. A. Eason.. - 25 23 22
K. K. Sablatscb.au l'J 5 7
A. L. Eisner : - 6 7 - O
Captain F. Nippert IS 18 25
Sergt. K. A. Milllcan.. 12 15 12
Corporal H. C. Schwlnn 1.1 17 11
M. C. Bose 10 0 0
C. W. Rldgway .... 13 0 3
B. Gordon 8 0 0
Corporal D. G. Schlosa. 1» 17 12
C. A. Morris 0 4 .3
Sergeant W. H. Homer. 20 12 15
G.F. McCarthy... 6 7 3
J. O'Brien 6 0 .0
G. Homer 6 2 0
A. Anderson 18 14 13
W, V&nna •* 4 _2
J. Mars jn 5 2 0
Corporal C. J. O'Connor 19 15 11
L. L. Llewellyn 12 14 11
A. C. Lein 15 0 17
G. Gamballa.-. 15 19 17
George Kuehn
George Dernlng
J". P. Whitney
A. Karrer.
G. C. Nutting
C. A. Brook
Sergeant F. Turton |
J. Perazzo
papt. T. J. Cunningham
A. Berryessa
J. Shepard
Sergt. E. L. Heltman..
M. Bromberger
E. F. Jacobson
W. Bridgeman
V. Duhem
L. G. Macconillard
C. J. Munson
Sergeant C. J. Mund...
L>. Castro
G. Thomas
H. Depangher
H. Carasso
R. Beliny -
D. C. Brown j
H. Cralgg
H. Wilson. .....
"\V. Grimes .....
I.. Blot
I -Yards-
[200 300
10-12 7- 2
23-23 16-18
16-10 7- 7
5- 5 10- 5
23-22 17-20
11-13 12-18
18-23 12-18
14-9
22-24 22-19
5-3
5-15 11-10
15-13 17-14
6- 6
22-22 24-24
13-17 17- 0
8-18
9-15
i 20-21
,23-22 -
18-19
15-13
22-20 17- 0
12-11
11-12
13-16
17-17
18-16
17-17
15-14 .
I 600
9- 5
1411
21-21
9-20
2- 6
23-20
i-r-23
18- 0
io-'o
» I 200 | 3U0 ~ | . 500
G. H. Smith 13 24 12
H. H. HUlerbrand 17 8 4
A. M. Samuels 14 11 0
Corporal K. H. Locke.. 18 14 6
L. C. Gillan 2 0 0
F. F. Brown 3 3 9
W. A. Rantz 17 12 15
Lieut. W. A. Varney.. 19 13 20
Sergeant J. A. Eason.. - 25 23 22
K. K. Sablatscb.au l'J 5 7
A. L. Eisner : - 6 7 - O
Captain F. Nippert IS 18 25
Sergt. K. A. Milllcan.. 12 15 12
Corporal H. C. Schwlnn 1.1 17 11
M. C. Bose 10 0 0
C. W. Rldgway .... 13 0 3
B. Gordon 8 0 0
Corporal D. G. Schlosa. 1» 17 12
C. A. Morris 0 4 .3
Sergeant W. H. Homer. 20 12 15
G.F. McCarthy... 6 7 3
J. O'Brien 6 0 .0
G. Homer 6 2 0
A. Anderson 18 14 13
W, V&nna •* 4 _2
J. Mars jn 5 2 0
Corporal C. J. O'Connor 19 15 11
L. L. Llewellyn 12 14 11
A. C. Lein 15 0 17
G. Gamballa.-. 15 19 17
George Kuehn
George Dernlng
J". P. Whitney
A. Karrer.
G. C. Nutting
C. A. Brook
Sergeant F. Turton |
J. Perazzo
papt. T. J. Cunningham
A. Berryessa
J. Shepard
Sergt. E. L. Heltman..
M. Bromberger
E. F. Jacobson
W. Bridgeman
V. Duhem
L. G. Macconillard
C. J. Munson
Sergeant C. J. Mund...
L>. Castro
G. Thomas
H. Depangher
H. Carasso
R. Beliny -
D. C. Brown j
H. Cralgg
H. Wilson. .....
"\V. Grimes .....
I.. Blot
I -Yards-
[200 300
10-12 7- 2
23-23 16-18
16-10 7- 7
5- 5 10- 5
23-22 17-20
11-13 12-18
18-23 12-18
14-9
22-24 22-19
5-3
5-15 11-10
15-13 17-14
6- 6
22-22 24-24
13-17 17- 0
8-18
9-15
i 20-21
,23-22 -
18-19
15-13
22-20 17- 0
12-11
11-12
13-16
17-17
18-16
17-17
15-14 .
I 600
9- 5
1411
21-21
9-20
2- 6
23-20
i-r-23
18- 0
io-'oMONDAT, FEBRUARY, 10.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In tho above exposition ol the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth timi column gives the last Udo of tha
day, except when there are but three tides, ..a
sometimes occurs. - The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. . '
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE,
Tt is a fact that no bore ever considers
himself a bore. .
Only Reliable Coal Dealers
Sell Tesla Briquettes, : $9 per ton. ( Best and
cheapest fuel for; kitchen and crate. Phone
South 'Jj about them. . ' •
¦ Per bark Gerard '. C Tobov— Have . been oft
port tor, three days, with strong BE -wind and
foggy. weather. .¦¦••-¦ :'."-¦¦ ' -• '. . ,'¦'. ' , . ¦¦
'•• Per ; Br = bark . Pomona— Sailed * from ; New-
MEMORANDUM,
POINT LOBOS— February n. 10 p rri— Weath
er cloudy: wind SE; velocity 20 miles, per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
..-Sunday,' February's.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 61 Hi hours frm Port
land, via Astoria 62 hours. _ • i^ ,
Stmr Pomona, Shea, IS hours frm Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, . Erickson, 42 hours from San
Stmr State of California, Swanson, 40 hours
from San Diego. . _
'Btmr Iaqua, Gunderson, hence Feb 3 for
Grays Harbor; returned with disabled stmr
Aus stmr Maria, from San Diego
for Nanaimo; returned on account of breaking
tali shaft and losing propeller. ;
i Br ship Samaritan, ¦ Dexter, 157- days .frqm
Newcastle, England. „ ; ' ¦ ;.
Br shlD Dechmont, Elston, 61 days from
Newcastle, NSW. • ¦ - K ';'- :
Bark Gerard O Tobey, v dove, 20 days from
Honolulu.' ' .
Bark Ooryphene, Anderson, 38 days ( from
Salinas. Cruz. 1. . ' ¦ ¦• - ¦
¦ Br'bark 'Pomona, 'Crosby. i3 days from Imow
caetle. NSW. ¦ ' ¦' • ¦ ' ••' -
'<¦ Schr Barbara Ilerneter, Bendixsen, 4S hours
Schr Newark, Crangle, 12 hours from Stew-
> r schr Mary C, Campbell. 10 hours fm Bodega. :
Barge Santa Paula. 75 hours' from -Ventura.
SAILED.
. , ' Sunday, February 0.
U S stmr Grant. .Croskey,^Manila* via Ilono-.
"stmr Sierra. Houdlette, Honolulu, and Syd
nt?v • ' -¦ ¦ ¦ . v ' ¦ ' ' ' ¦' ¦ - ' •¦''.¦¦
- Stmr City of Sydney, McLean; Panama, etc.
Ptmr Spokane, Alexander," San Dieeo. < .
Stmr •¦ Arctic. ..Jorsrensen.... Fort Brags. •' ;'*J
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
¦ Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. Ladysmith. .
7 Bark PrusBla; Jensen, Port' Blakeley. - / '• '
Bark Harvester.' Klllman, Puiret Souijtl. ¦
Bktn W H IMmond, ;Hanseii, Honolulu. « : '.'-k'j
- Schr Eliza' Miller, ; Johnson. Coos Bay. A V'O ~
¦ Schr Alice. Grant, Grays Harbor.
' Schr. Free Trade.. Ferguson, > — -. .; •'.' .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
STOCKTON. Feb. 9.— The inquest on the
body of Mrs. Hammond Moore, who com
mittc-d suicide, in a 'local hotel; was held
last night. Dr. Fitzgerald testified that
chloroform inhaled (not colocynth, as was
at first' announced) caused the woman's
death. Coroner- Clark wrote out > a ver«
diet stating that the jury found the de-i
ceased'a name to be ' Mrs. Hammond
Moore ; that s»ho came to - her death by
chloroform inhaled with suicidal intent
Some of the jurors objected to signing
the verdict, as they were not sure that
it was a case of suicide and had no evi
dence that the. dead woman's namowaa
Mrs. Hammond Moore. Coroner Clark in
sisted that the verdict was all right ami
the jury, finally signed It.
Chloroform With Suicidal
Intent.
Verdict Is That the Woman Inhaled
INQUEST OVER BODY OF
MRS. HAMMOND MOORE
A' regimental dinner was given this
evening, at which the officers were formal
ly presented to the Emperor, the Grand
Duke of Saxony and all the Princes now
in Berlin and Potsdam, including Prince
Henry, who shared In the celebrations. In
honor of the occasion Prince William
Eitel Frederick was promoted to be full
lieutenant.
BERLIN. Feb. 9.— The twenty-fifth an
niversary of Emperor 'William's entrance
into active service in the First Regiment
of the, Guards was 1 commemorated this
morning at Potsdam *• by service in the
garrisbn-churcji. Thig afternoon Emperor
William reviewed the regiment, the Ger
man Crown Prince and William Kitel
Frederick partaking 'in -the parade march.
His Majesty then addressed the regiment:
and Colonel Plettenberg palled for three
cheers for the Emperor. A deputation oC
officers and men formerly attached to the
regiment . presented Emperor William
with a copy of the monument to the regi
ment erected on the battle-field of St. Pri
vat. The Emperor thanked the deputa
tion and spoke to each veteran in turn.
Active Military Service Is
Observed.
Anniversary of His Entrance Into
KAISER REVIEWS FIRST ;
BEGIMENT OF GUARDS
The oil barge Santa Paula, which ar
rived from Ventura yesterday in' tow of
the Rescue with 8000 barrels of oil, had
a stormy seventy-five hours' passage.
She and -the Rescue were compelled to
anchor about 4 o'clock on Saturday af
ternoon near the lightship, "on account of
the breaking bar. They, remained at
anchor ifhtn yesterday morning, coming
in after they had seen the Grant and City
of Sydney make the crossing in safety.
Santa Paula's Rough Trip.
The disabled steam collier Maria reached
port late last evening in tow of the steam
schooner Iaqua. The first notification of
the Maria's breakdown came ; from the
report made by the City of-Puebla. Tho
collier and schooner were - then about
twenty miles northwest of Cape Mendo
cino and bound this way. The Maria, on
her way from San Diego north broke her
ehaft and was in hard straits .when picked
up by the Iaqua. > The latter was bound
from this port to Gray's Harbor and for
tunately had aboard' an unusually large
coal supply. The Maria is a big vessel
and the Iaqua's fee for salvage will be
a substantial one.
Disabled Maria Arrives.
General Post will request that Frank
Tetreau, a Redding business man, who
stopped at Myers' Hotel on the night of
May 30 last, be placed on the stand in
rebuttal out of regular order to permit
him to return to hia business which has
been neglected since the lynching, on ac
count of Tetreau being detained here a
greater part of the time to testify in the
case. He has already been on the stand
under direct examination and gave testi
mony damaging to the defense. It is
understood that his testimony In rebuttal
will be directed particularly at that given
by Sam Parks who ,was on the stand last
week for the defense.
ALTURAS, Feb. 9.— There is much spec
ulation here as to how long the Brown
trial •will laet. The rumor gained consid
erable credence to-day that the defense
would spring a surprise by announcing
within the next day or two that it rested
Its case, but a person very close to the
counsel for the defense stated that it
would take at least a week longer for
Raker and Spencer to introduce all of
their testimony. It is also reported that
at least forty more witnesses will be
placed on the stand by the defense. Sev
eral new witnesses arrived to-day.
Trial at Alturas of the Alleged
Lynchers May Require Many
Days More.
WITNESSES FOB, DEFENSE
ARE TO NUMBER FORTY
The British bark Pomona and tho Brit
ish ship Dechmont arrived yesterday from
Newcastle, Australia.' The voyage of the
Pomona was one long calm. "Poor trades
and little of them" is how Captain Cros
by sums up the story of his seventy-three
day dawdle across the Pacific. The Dech
mont came across in sixty-four days, but
given the wind a different reputation. She
encountered a number of blows, but on
January SO, in latitude 26 N., longitude
140 30 W., there 'came along- a northeast
erly gale- which threw the ship on her
beam ends and swept overboard every
thing movable. The sea filled the decks
to the rail. Two life boats were smashed
to smithereens and the ship's dingy was
washed overboard. With the dingy went
hen coops, buckets, capstan bars and a
miscellaneous lot of odds and ends. Sev
eral sails were blown away and for a few
hours life aboard the Dechmont was a
cold, wet tangle.
Arrive From Australia.
Corporal of Marines W. Couper, until
February 3 mail' orderly on . board the
United States gunboat Concord, is miss
ing. On the name roll of the ship's com
pany he is branded "deserter and de
faulter." Government ' detectives and
city and county police are on" his traclc
and things will gq hard with him when
captured. Couper left the Concord last
Monday with a bag of official mail. He
was also intrusted with the performance
of certain commissions for officers on
board. These commissions included, inci
dentally, the cashing of two checks, one
for 535, the other for $50. Couper pre
sumably got rid of the official mail in tho
regulation way. He also cashed the
checks— the one. for $35 at the Richelieu
saloon and the one for $50 at a saloon at
684 Fourth street. He then got rid of his
leather mallbag, purchased a ticket for
San Jose, his native town, and has not
been seen since. Couper's punishment, if
caught, will be severe, as in his capacity
as mall orderly the confidence reposed in
him was very great: Sixteen members of
tho Concord's crew deserted • the day
Couper disappeared, but firi "oer , is the
only one the naval authorities care much
about seeing again.
A Defaulting Marine.
Judge Healey was a prominent figure in
Democratic political circles. He attended
nearly every State convention as a dele
gate and on several occasions was a dele
gate to the*' national convention. He
served J. W. Adams as private secretary
during his term as Governor. Afterward
he was employed in the mint in this city
under Democratic rule. For some time
past he had acted as a United States
Court Examiner. He was 64 years old.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 9.— Thaddeus W.
Healey, one of the best known residents
of this city and Western Nevada, com
mitted suicide to-day by shooting himself
through the head. For several days past
be had acted strangely and was despond
ent, supposedly over land matters.
PROMINENT NEVADA MAN
ENDS LIFE BY SUICIDE
It is said that should the British Em
bassador. Ixird Pauncefote, preps Rad
cllffe's claim for $35,000 damages after re
ceiving the Governor's communication
evidence will be provided .that Radcliffe
is not a British subject, havjng applied
for citizenship in the. United States and
received his first papers. . ¦
DENVER, Feb. 9. — It is announced that
Attorney General Post has decided that
William Radcliffe has no just claim
against the State of Colorado or the Gov
ernment of the United States for the de
struction of his property at Grand Mesa
Lakes by fire, and that Governor Orman
will reply to this effect to the communi
cation from Secretary of State Hay on
the subject. The Attorney General's rr.
port on the incendiarism at Grand Mtsa
Lakes, which was forwarded to Secre
tary Hay, details the causes of the bitter
feeling against Radcliffe among the ln
habltansvjf that region and shows that
the State made every effort to fix the re
sponsibility for the burning of Radcliffe's
property, but failed to apprehend the
guilty parties. Secretary Hay will be told
that the State is very sorry for Rad
cliffe's loss, but that is all it can say in
extenuation.
sible for the Burning of His
Property. .
Holds That Colorado Is Not Respon-
GOVERNMENT DISALI*OWS
THE RADCLIPFE CLAIM
The steamships City of Sydney and
Grant, which left their respective docks
on Saturday, did not get across the bar
until 8 o'clock yesterday .morning. The
bar was rough enough when they essayed
the crossing, and while in the midst of
the worst of it something went wrong
with the Sydney's engines and for more
than an hour the liner drifted about,
helriless. Just as the tug Defiance was
about to leave the bark she had -in tow
and goto the aid of the passenger ship
the repairs were completed, the Sydney a
propeller commenced to revolve and sho
soon got beyond the dangerous- rocka
upon which the tide was drifting her.
Her predicament was seen from the De
fiance and the Rescue, both tugs being in
the vicinity. On board each of the tugs
preparations were being made to go to
the Sydney's rescue when the latter s en
gines resumed operation. •
Sydney ' Has a Breakdown.
A varied programme confronts tho
House for the coming week. Owing to
the absence of a large number of Repub
licans who will go .to different pointo o*
the country to participate in the celebra
tion of Lincoln's birthday on Wednesday
consideration of the bill to repeal the
war taxes will be postponed until next
week. To-morrow is District of Colum
bia day. On Tuesday consideration of the
oleomargarine bill will be resumed under
the agreement made last week to devote
another day to general debate, followed
by a day of debate under the flve-minuta
rule. The passage of the bill by a larga
majority Is assured, although the substt
tute proposition probably'will command a
larger vote than it did In the last Con-"
gress. The Committee on War. Claims
will have a day following the disposition
of the oleomargarine bill, and the latter
part of the week will probably be de
voted to consideration of the Indian,
postofflce or army appropriation bill, all
of which are expected to be reported
earlier in the week. »
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— The Philippine
question will continue to hold the fore
most place on the Senate calendar during
the present week, but there is little prob
ability that the Philippine bill will be dis
posed of before the close of the week.
Democratic Senators say they will require
several weeks more time in which to con
sider . the measure. Senator Lodge . as
chairman of the committee having th«;
bill in charge has not failed to impress
upon them his intention ot pressing it
with the utmost dispatch consistent with
due consideration of no important a meas
ure. There are several Democratic Sen
ators prepared to speak on the bill.
Senator Quarlea will report the perma
nent census bill to-morrow before the
Philippine bill is taken up and will make
an effort to secure immediate considera
tion. If he succeeds the census bill prob
ably ' will alternate with the Philippine
bill for a few days. Senator Quarles hopes
that the census bill may be passed with
out much delay.' The irrigation bill also
occupies a place of vantage on the Son
ate calendar, and with the other bills
mentioned out of the way will be pressed
to the front.
Irons remained firm. The reports from
the Iron trade continue to grow better,
but those from the hardware trade are
unsatisfactory. Electrical shares were
realized upon during- the week while those
of the ocean transportation companies
rose slightly.
Coal shares receded generally' during
last week upon the Increasing slowness of
sales.
The reduction in the rate of discount by
the Bank of England awakened the ex
pectation that the Reichsbank would re
duce its rate of discount forthwith.
BERLIN, Feb. 9.— Notwithstanding the
fact that the Boerse was greatly disap
pointed at Great Britain's answer to the
Dutch note, the general tone of the mar
ket during the week remained firm. Spe
cial interest during- the week was at
tached to bank stocks.
The greatest interest still centers in
Kaffirs, in which the public is now dealing
with almost its ante-bellum enthusiasm.
There were strong evidences of profes
sional manipulation in the way succes
sive groups of shares are. lifted to sus
tain the general market level. American
securities more than held their own, in
spite of the postponement of the decision
in the matter of the Northern Securities
Company. As a. matter-of fact there has
been a marked improvement in Illinois
Central and Denver and Rio Grande. The
shipments of gold from New York to
Paris are regarded as a favorable fac
tor, indicating that Wall street is repay
ing Kurope for the securities purchased
last week and American houses were fur
ther strengthened by the sale here of
large quantities of American railway se
curities; consequently if the decision in
the Northern Securities Company is fa
vorable there is every, prospect of a de
cided boom in Americans in the near fu
ture. ¦ •
LONDON, Feb. 9.— The activity on the
Stock Exchange continues and with the
prospect of easy money for considerable
time to come there is a reasonable.pros
pect of prices going higher in spite of tho
failure of the peace overtures and the
lack of any considerable military suc
cess in South Africa.
\KEW YORK— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Breslau,
from Bremen; stmr Cymric, from Liverpool
and .Queenstown: stmr Lucania, from Liver
pool and Queenstown; stmr Philadelphia, from
Southampton and Cherbourg.
Sailed Feb 9 — Stmr Celtic, fer Funchal, etc.,
on Mediterranean cruise.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Vader
land, from New York. ' . - -
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr La Cham
pasrne. from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Feb 8 — Stmr Um
brla, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. Vi* ¦ ¦' . . . ¦¦'>¦.
Sailed Feb 9 — Stmr Etruria, from Liverpool
for New York. . . . .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Georgic.
for New York (not previously)- .
GIBRALTAR — Sailed Feb 9 — Stmr Kalserln
Maria Theresa, from Genoa and Naples for
New York.
Passed Feb 9— Stmr Amlsis, from Hamburg
and Genoa, for San Francisco, via South
American ports.
MOVILLE— Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Astoria, frm
Glasgow for New York. ' ' ¦
i CHERBOURG— Sailed Feb 0 — Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Keb 9 — Stmr
Olympia, from Hongkong; Br ship Kensington,
from Iqukiue," •." :
Passed In Feb 9— Schr Sailor Boy, hence Feb
1 for Tacoma. ' .. .
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 0 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Feb 7.
¦Barbound Feb 8 — Stmr Empire, for San
Francisco. . ¦¦ -.-¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Samoa,
from Casjar. , < • ! . •
Sailed Feb 0— Schrs Eadie and Louise, for
TJmpqua; schr Azalea, for Eureka; schr Coro
na, for Ballard.
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Feb 8— Schr
Defender, from Hllo. ¦ <\
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 9 — Bktn Encore, hca
Feb 2; Btmr Geo W Elder, hence Feb 7; atmr
Olympia, from China and Japan.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 9— U S stmr - Ma
drona, from : stmr Santa Monica, henca
Feb 4: stmr Aberdeen, hence Feb 4.
Sailed Feb 9 — Scbr Barbara Hernster and
bktn Northwest, for San rFancisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Feb 9-*Schr Oka
nogan, hence Jan 29; eehr, Annie M Campbell,
from Salaverry. • . .
- PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb &— Bark Fres
no, hence Jan 31. - . .
TACOM A— Arrived Feb O—Sphr Annie Lar
sen, from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb S— Schr
Henry Wilson, hence Jan 26. -.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Feb 0 —
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Aus stmr Maria — On Feb 4 at -Or, m:.
25 miles SW of Cape St. Oeonre. broko tail
shaft. and lout proDeller. - • At 10 p. m. on Feb
4 was taken In tow by stmr Iaqua and towed
to San Francisco. ' ¦ *^»-
castle,' NSTV, -Nov 2S: crossed the Equator on
Jan 4, 165.10. W; experienced light wlndsmost
of the passage; noor trades and but little ot
them. .'". ' --.-,-..-. . :- -- x ¦ ._¦
. ¦ Per Br • BhiD - Decbmont — Sailed from New
castle, NSW, Dec 7; had ENE winds to the
Kquator, which we crossed 34 days out, long
141 W: took NE trades lat 1 N. carrying then:
to 24 N. Jan 30. lat 28 N Jon* 140.50 AV. ha.l
a - \-ery I heavy' NE gale, throwing the ship on
beam ends, fill in* decks to the .rails; stove In
two 1 lifeboats and ship's dingy: washed over
board hencooDS, buckets, capstan bars and
blew away . several eails and washed' over
board everything movable on deck; thence to
port variable, winds.
Per.atmr Iaqua — Wai bound from San Fran
cisco to Grays Harbor," and on Feb 4 at 10
p. m., 80 miles NNW of Cape Mendocino. pick
ed up Aus Btmr Maria, the. latter having lost
her propeller; had a succession of SE gales
and a very high, confused tea to port. .,
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent . . .
United States Coast and Geodetic" Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Sun risea 7:05
Sun sets { : 5:4:;
Moon sets 8:15 p. m.
For Honolulu— H. M. Alexander. Mrs. M. C.
Allen. Madame Geneva J. Bishop Miss Louise
Braden, Mrs. Cannell, I S. B. Cannell, Miss
Uebrgia Carden. H; Clendening. Mrs. Clen
dening Mrs. T. Cole.; Miss M. Coombs, E. J.
Cotton, -Dr. J. M. Crlley. Miss A. M. Poffman,
Thomas Dunn -C.-W» Earle. J. J. Feckler. G.
G Gage. P. H. Gallen. J. V. Geary, . F. A.
Greenwood, Miss N. F. Hawley, .Mrs. M. B.
Ilazeltlne and child, Miss Mae Landegon, Mrs.
A G Lewis W.-'P. Lord, Mrs. Lufkin Mlsa
C # O* Lufkin,- J.- D. McGann, J. E. Miller. C.
Wesley Mowry, C. H. Myers, J. S. Newman.
Father O'Neil F J. Owens, - MIeb K. Paul.
Miss F. J. Pratt. J. G. Rapp, H. L. Ross. A.
G Schmidt, G. Sessinghaus M. P. Shepherd,
JI H Shufeldt, Mrs Shufetdt, J. Sims. Mrs.
Sims *Mlss N. L. Slayton; Miss M. Smith. Ar
thur W. Spear. Mrs. Spear, S. Sweltzer,
Charles E. Thomson. Mrs. Thomson, Mrs. \\ .
'Auckland — C. "VV. Hatfield,' Mrs. Hatfield and
Miss B..Mellor. ¦ . _ _ '
Sydney— F Buckhurst. -C . Cullen. L.-.J. Da
vies. Mrs Davies. two children and maR C.
H Durham W. M. Finley. Sir Thomas Fltz-
Eerald. Miss FltzRerald. Miss Grace Fitzgerald,
H A. Goddard. Mrs. Goddard Thomas Hughes.
Mrs Hushes and daughter, \\ . Lewis. VV. J.
Loring Harrner McCaslln, P. Mengol E. J.
R?Bby Mrs F Smith. Master Smith. Captain
E. R.' Sterling and! W.H. Vivian
To join at Honolulu for SydneV— B. a.
Hogue. . W. A. Scripps and Mrs. Scrlpps.
She carried sixty-three second-class
passengers and cabin passengers as fol
lows: '; ¦ r
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra sailed yesferday morning for Hon
olulu and the Antipodes ..with -nearly,' 150
passengers and her. full complement of.
freight. . The tardy arrival of the British-
Australian mails held the: Sierra in port
three days beyond her schedule time. Be
1 fore she reaches Australia,' however, tho
three days will probably have dwindled
to a matter of hours and the Australian
'mails will be landed almost on. schedule
time. • ' ¦ ¦ * ¦ .
Senator Quarles to Report
en the Permanent Census
To-Day.' ;>
Philippine Measure Holds
Foremost Place on
the Calendar.
Coal Shares Lower at Berlin
Owing to the Smallness
of Sales. .
Great Interest Centers
in Kaffirs on Lon
don 'Change.
Carries More Than 1 5X> Passengers and Is
Filled to the
Freight for Ports Across the Pacific
FOREIGN MARKETS
CONTINUE FIRM
IMPORTANT BILLS
BEFORE SENATE
MAIL, STEAMSHIP SIERRA SAILS,
HEAVILY LADEN, FOR ANTIPODES
And all the clothing of A. 'Brick will be
gone. The roqin is wanted , for the ' Xew
,York clothing that will arrive here next
week." So you had better get your men's
suits .and overcoats -that are worth ;J1S
for $4 65 at the barlkru.pt clothing sale of
the :« Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. • • *
Only a Tew Days Left,
The Governor of the town ofCayasan,
in the province of Mlsamis, island cf
Mindanao, has resigned, declaring that
the military authorities there do not rec
ognize his authority, refusing to receive
his writs of habeas corpus.
Some months ago many of the leading
officials of Misamis province were arrested
because they tendered a banquet to. an in
surgent colonel, and because it was proved
that they had contributed funds to the
insurgent cause. At that ' time General
Davis, commanding at Zamboanga, Is
land of Mindanao, requested that the
province be transferred from civil to mil
itary control. The military authorities in
Misamis refused to allow the prisoners to
be - represented by a lawyer sent
by the civil commission from Ma
nila for that • purpose, holding the
arrested persons to be prison
ers of war. Later General OhafEee in
structed General Davis to release the pris
oners,' and oflered the civil authorities in
formation is • to when and where they
could arrest them should they desire to
do bo. But the fact that their offense
was committed before the passage of the
law of sedition makes further action in
the matter improbable. General Chaffee
deeming it inadvisable that, civilians
should be tried by a military commission.
The provinces under civil rule, as" well
as Manila. • have been flooded with a
quantity, of pamphlets printed in Hong
kong.by the Filipino junta.- These pam
phlets are copies of a , memorial by the
junta, which has been forwarded to-Presi
dent Roosevelt.' The memorial expresses
sympathy at the death of Mr, McKlnley
and assures the American people, that
sooner or later the Filipinos are bound
to have. independence. The junta says it
has reliable information that most of the
pacified; provinces are heldjn check .only
by superior military forces. • The : pam
phlets say that the educated Filipinos ap
preciate American governmental, ideas,
but when' the bread- of .national -life is
asked : for it does not suffice to offer a
stone,: even though that stone be a dia
mond. ¦. -• ¦ ¦ ' . .r _-• ' : .Tr^.'i.v;
Senor r Lerma, the newly-elected Gov
ernor: ot Bataan province, fled after »iH
election when he was called upon to ac
count for $4000 of insurgent funds. He la
still missing.
MANILA, Feb. 9.— The American mer
ehants here complain of the action of the
insular purchasing agent, in making the
majority of his' purchases in Hongkong,
Where materials are cheaper on account
of Hongkong being a free port.
American Merchants in
Manila Are Making
Complaint.
ARMY'S SUPPLIES
COME FROM CHINA
RAILROAD TESTS
ARE SUCCESSFUL
Telephone Messages Are
Sent Over -the Tele
graph Wires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANK.VKEE, 111., Feb. 9..-The, rail
roads throughout the country have beeiK
awaiting with interest the result of the
Illinois Central's experiments In sending
telephone messages over telegraph wires
us an auxiliary service, designed for
emergency cases. The first test, which
was conducted last week, between Kanka
kee and Kempton, a small station twen
ty-sU milea from this city on the south-
western branch of the Illinois Central,
was successful. A telephone instrument
was carried in an ensrine cab for tho ex
periments. A number of stops were- made
between Kankakee and Kempton and the
wire was strung between the engine and
telegraph line, and telephone communica
tion was established with the office of the
train dispatcher at Kankakee. "
The tests were entirely successful In
each instance, the telephoning over tht
telegraph wiresunot interfering with the
telegraph messages sent simultaneously.
Eventually all of the Illinois Central
trains! will be supplied ¦with telephonic
equipment." Instruments will be placed In
the baggage cars of passenger trains an4
in the engine cabs and cabooses on freltfki
trains.
Mosquitoes and young 'widows seem to
have a special grudge against old bach
elor?. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,! MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1902;
9
O Time
g-IH Wl ¦
r ol36 4.8
10 1:07 4.9
11 1:37 6.0
12 2:09 5.0
IS 2:4fi 5.1
11 3:2U fi.l
15 4:20 5.2
16 5:21 5.2
17 0:11 2.0
I Time Time! - Time
I— Ft. Ft. » Ft.
L. "VV |HW L W
5:39 2.311:41 6.1 6:13 0.1
6:22 2.112:19 5.0 6:48 0.7
7:12 1.0 1:19 4.7 7:30 -1.3
8:10 l.« 2:15 4.4 8:12 1.7
"9:06 1.4 3:25 4.1 9:0t> 2.1
10:17 1.2 4:51 3.9 8:63 2.5
11:31 '0.9 0:28 8.7 10:59 3.8
12:40 0.4 7:49 3.9
H W L W H W
6:29 5.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4.2
Argo
C. Nelson....
Progreao
Alliance....:
Czarina......
Santa Ana. . . !
Lakme
Hyades......
Sequoia. .'....
S. Monica....
Phoenix.....
Thyra..... ...
Empire......
Eureka
Queen
Alameda
Crescent City
Coos Bay....
Spokane....-
Pt. Arena
North Fork.:
J. 8. Kimball
Guatemala. . .
Washtenaw. .
Arcata..
Rival...
Zealand la
Q. W. Elder..
NippoTt'Maru
Luxor. •
Rainier......
Bonita
Chehalia. '."...
UraaUlla.."...
Sonoma. . ...I
San Juan.. ..
Steamer.
: From. : ¦ Due.
Coquille River i Feb. 10
Portland & Astoria. . . . Feb. JO
Seattle Feb. 10
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Feb. 10
Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 10
Portland.- & Astoria ... Feb. 10
Honolulu & Kahulut .• , Feb. 10
Grays Harbor ......... Feb. 10
Humboldt Feb. 10
Mendoclno City Feb. It)
China via San Diego.. Feb. 10
Coos Bay Feb. lu
Humboldt ......... . . Feb. 11
Puget Sound Ports..... Feb. n
Honolulu Fab. 11
Crescent City Feb. 1J{
San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 12
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb.- m
Point Arena Feb, 13
Humboldt : Feb. 1.1
Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 13
Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 13
Tacoma Feb. IS
Coos Bay & Port Orford F«b. 13
WHlapa Harbor : . Fob. 14
Tahiti Feb. U
Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
China & Japan , Feb. 18
Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb." 15
Newport & Way Ports. Feb, 10
San Pedro ............; Feb 16
Puget Sound Ports..... Feb.' 16
Sydney " & "Way Ports . . Feb. 17
Panama & Way Ports.. Feb. 18
From.
Steamer. . I
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
i
-^ . ¦ ..-.¦
I
Mandalay..
C. Nelson..
Argo.......
Tucapel .'...'
City Puebla
Empire
Alliance;. ;.
Pomona. . . .
G.~ Llndanor
fcauta Ana.
Bonlta. ....
Phoenix....
Lakme.
State Cal..
Columbia . .' .
Sequoia.
8. Monica..
Eureka.. .. .
February 1O. |
CoqulHe River .... 4 pm
Los Angeles Ports. 9 am
Coquille River .... 4 pm
Valparaiso •&. Way. 12 m
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
February 11.
Coos Bay, .,'• • 12 m
Portland & Way. , 10 am
Humboldt •, 1 :30 p
Grays Harbor ..'.
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am
Newport & Way... 9 am
February 12.
Mendocino City ...; 3 pm
Astoria & Portland. ......
San Diego & Way.. 9 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm
-February.: 13.
Humboldt .,.'. 10 am
Humboldt ......'.... 9 am
February 14.
Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12 m
February -15.
Point Arena-"... ... 2 pm
San , Pedro & Way. 9 am
China & Japan..... lpm
Honolulu ; . .. 2 pm
puget Sound Ports. 11 am
February 16.
Grays Harbor..". ... 5 pm
Humboldt* 9 am
February ¦¦17. . ¦'
ABtoria & Portland 11 am
Wills pa. Harbor .. 8 pm
February '18. , -
Valparaiso- & '"Way. 12. m
Panama & Way Pts|12i m
Seattle & Tacoma v. 10 ami
February'. 10. 1 J*g5j
Tahltl'direct (about) 2 pm:
Honolulu & Kahulut
Seattle &N. : What. 5 pm
I
Pier 2
Pier »
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier v
¦ • k
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier a
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier U
Pier 13
Pier a
Pier U
Pier L'l
Pier 2
Pier. 2
Pier*l3
Area, ta .
I
I Pier 13
Pt. Arena.'.
Coos Bay.V.
Doric •
Alameda. . .
Queen
Pier '2
Pier 11
PAISS
Pier . T
Pier o
Chehalls...'
North Fork.
Pier 2
Pier 2
G. Elder. . .
Rival.. ...
Pier 24
Pier '2,
Ouatemala;
Acapulco.'. .
J. Kimball.
! Pier 10
IPMSS
IPler-3
Australia...
Hyades....',
Rainier.... ,
Pier 7
Pier p
Pier '2
¦Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Dolphin. .....
Nome CJty. . .
Cottage City..
Farallon....;
J!.' Thompson
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Valdez & -Vfxy Ports . . . Feb. 1\)
Skagway & Way, Ports. Feb.; 14
Skagway & Way; Ports. Feb. 14
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts . Fe h. I i
O Time
g-IH Wl ¦
r ol36 4.8
10 1:07 4.9
11 1:37 6.0
12 2:09 5.0
IS 2:4fi 5.1
11 3:2U fi.l
15 4:20 5.2
16 5:21 5.2
17 0:11 2.0
I Time Time! - Time
I— Ft. Ft. » Ft.
L. "VV |HW L W
5:39 2.311:41 6.1 6:13 0.1
6:22 2.112:19 5.0 6:48 0.7
7:12 1.0 1:19 4.7 7:30 -1.3
8:10 l.« 2:15 4.4 8:12 1.7
"9:06 1.4 3:25 4.1 9:0t> 2.1
10:17 1.2 4:51 3.9 8:63 2.5
11:31 '0.9 0:28 8.7 10:59 3.8
12:40 0.4 7:49 3.9
H W L W H W
6:29 5.3 1:44 0.1 8:53 4.2
Argo
C. Nelson....
Progreao
Alliance....:
Czarina......
Santa Ana. . . !
Lakme
Hyades......
Sequoia. .'....
S. Monica....
Phoenix.....
Thyra..... ...
Empire......
Eureka
Queen
Alameda
Crescent City
Coos Bay....
Spokane....-
Pt. Arena
North Fork.:
J. 8. Kimball
Guatemala. . .
Washtenaw. .
Arcata..
Rival...
Zealand la
Q. W. Elder..
NippoTt'Maru
Luxor. •
Rainier......
Bonita
Chehalia. '."...
UraaUlla.."...
Sonoma. . ...I
San Juan.. ..
Steamer.
: From. : ¦ Due.
Coquille River i Feb. 10
Portland & Astoria. . . . Feb. JO
Seattle Feb. 10
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Feb. 10
Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 10
Portland.- & Astoria ... Feb. 10
Honolulu & Kahulut .• , Feb. 10
Grays Harbor ......... Feb. 10
Humboldt Feb. 10
Mendoclno City Feb. It)
China via San Diego.. Feb. 10
Coos Bay Feb. lu
Humboldt ......... . . Feb. 11
Puget Sound Ports..... Feb. n
Honolulu Fab. 11
Crescent City Feb. 1J{
San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. 12
San Diego & Way Ports. Feb.- m
Point Arena Feb, 13
Humboldt : Feb. 1.1
Seattle & Tacoma ..... Feb. 13
Valparaiso & Way Ports Feb. 13
Tacoma Feb. IS
Coos Bay & Port Orford F«b. 13
WHlapa Harbor : . Fob. 14
Tahiti Feb. U
Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
China & Japan , Feb. 18
Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb." 15
Newport & Way Ports. Feb, 10
San Pedro ............; Feb 16
Puget Sound Ports..... Feb.' 16
Sydney " & "Way Ports . . Feb. 17
Panama & Way Ports.. Feb. 18
From.
Steamer. . I
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
i
-^ . ¦ ..-.¦
I
Mandalay..
C. Nelson..
Argo.......
Tucapel .'...'
City Puebla
Empire
Alliance;. ;.
Pomona. . . .
G.~ Llndanor
fcauta Ana.
Bonlta. ....
Phoenix....
Lakme.
State Cal..
Columbia . .' .
Sequoia.
8. Monica..
Eureka.. .. .
February 1O. |
CoqulHe River .... 4 pm
Los Angeles Ports. 9 am
Coquille River .... 4 pm
Valparaiso •&. Way. 12 m
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
February 11.
Coos Bay, .,'• • 12 m
Portland & Way. , 10 am
Humboldt •, 1 :30 p
Grays Harbor ..'.
Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am
Newport & Way... 9 am
February 12.
Mendocino City ...; 3 pm
Astoria & Portland. ......
San Diego & Way.. 9 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm
-February.: 13.
Humboldt .,.'. 10 am
Humboldt ......'.... 9 am
February 14.
Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12 m
February -15.
Point Arena-"... ... 2 pm
San , Pedro & Way. 9 am
China & Japan..... lpm
Honolulu ; . .. 2 pm
puget Sound Ports. 11 am
February 16.
Grays Harbor..". ... 5 pm
Humboldt* 9 am
February ¦¦17. . ¦'
ABtoria & Portland 11 am
Wills pa. Harbor .. 8 pm
February '18. , -
Valparaiso- & '"Way. 12. m
Panama & Way Pts|12i m
Seattle & Tacoma v. 10 ami
February'. 10. 1 J*g5j
Tahltl'direct (about) 2 pm:
Honolulu & Kahulut
Seattle &N. : What. 5 pm
I
Pier 2
Pier »
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier v
¦ • k
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier a
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier U
Pier 13
Pier a
Pier U
Pier L'l
Pier 2
Pier. 2
Pier*l3
Area, ta .
I
I Pier 13
Pt. Arena.'.
Coos Bay.V.
Doric •
Alameda. . .
Queen
Pier '2
Pier 11
PAISS
Pier . T
Pier o
Chehalls...'
North Fork.
Pier 2
Pier 2
G. Elder. . .
Rival.. ...
Pier 24
Pier '2,
Ouatemala;
Acapulco.'. .
J. Kimball.
! Pier 10
IPMSS
IPler-3
Australia...
Hyades....',
Rainier.... ,
Pier 7
Pier p
Pier '2
¦Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Dolphin. .....
Nome CJty. . .
Cottage City..
Farallon....;
J!.' Thompson
Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Valdez & -Vfxy Ports . . . Feb. 1\)
Skagway & Way, Ports. Feb.; 14
Skagway & Way; Ports. Feb. 14
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts . Fe h. I i
*^Hi|sM|jl3 ' • fit* rUKt
- GRAIN COFFEE .^"^
Do you know that three-quarters
¦ o£ all the world's headaches are tho
result of using tea and coffee ?
So physicians say.
. Quit' them"and the headaches
quit. . • . .
Grain-O has the coffee taste bnt
no headaches.
All crocCTi: 15c. and 25c.
fDR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS F0* *i£t.
Established 1881 Con-
f ultatlon and private boa*
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKETS!.
8AN FRANCISCO, CJLU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KEEP YOUR HEAD UNCOVERED
The Constant Wearing of a Hat Prop-
agates Dandruff Germs.
There are many men who wear their
hats practically all the time when awake
and are blessed with a heavy shock of
• hair; yet if the scalps of these same men
once became Infested with dandruff germs
the parasites would multiply all the
quicker for lack of air. Baldness would;
ensue as the final result. Newbro's Herpi^
cide kills these germs and stimulates un-
healthy hair to abundant growth. Herpi-
cide is a pleasant hair dressing: as well as
a dandruff cure, and contains not an atom
of injurious substances.
© Wrinkles
De Beers' Skin Tonic Makes
Women of 50 Look 25.
SUBJECTS ALWAYS ON EXHIBITION" AT
our parlors in San Francisco, with the
wrinkles removed from one side of their faces i
and left on the other side to show the remark-
able contrast. You are invited to call and see ;
tbem — seeing is believing. ¦ .
We control the sole Pacific Coast rights for
De Beere 1 valuable eecret, which, by virtue ;
of its wonderfully tunic action on the relaxed
and wrinkled skin, permanently eradicates the
worst cases of deep wrinkles in & few applica-
tions and produces the complexion of a child.
Over 3000 ladies pf thi* city and State have
had their youth and beauty restored by Da
Beers* ffreat remedy. A lady is In reception at
parlors.
Call or address New York Institute of Der-
matology, Columbian Building. 916 Market st.
(opposite Emoorium), San Francisco. Take
elevator or stairs to fifth floor.
AMUSEMENTS.
Open Every Day This Week
FKOM 1 to 11 P. M., t i
The Fairyland Carnival j
AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
"NOT A MOMENT DEVOip OF FUN.' 1
- EXTRA FEATURES TO-OAY,
"EINTRACHT" Day— Special exhibition of
fancy dances by Prof. Stahl's pupils,
afternoon and evening.
TUESDAY.
"TURN VEREIN" Day. and in the afternoon
appearance of the
NAVAL. APPRENTICES FROM GOAT
ISLAND.
Every Afternoon and Evening-. Children's
Electrical Ballet and Specialties— 150
of thenj.
Bennett's Great Military Band of Soloists.
Refined Comedy on the Juvenile Midway.
GENERAL ADMISSION 25c.
¦ CHILDREN 10c.
gftH^ RACING
SfagSKfi. "^WfKg^ i vcry Week Day-
tST Roin op Shins.
N^NV CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU A
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kaces start at 2:15 p. m. Eharp. _
I rrry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
tZ'JIU. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains (topping at the entrance to th«
uack. Last two cars on train reserved for
1rcT!Vs and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. -All trains vi«
Oakland mele connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These eleetrlu
tars so direct to the track In fifteen minute*. >
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:19
and 4:45 \>. m and immediately atter-lhe lajt
race.- : .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAR F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
JOSEF HOFMANN
THE OREAT PIANIST.
2 Kxtra Recitals— Wed. Night, ¦ February 12.
Sat.. Matinee. Feb. 15 — Metropolitan Hall.
Scats at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, 't'i to. 50c.
ness which is not healthy. The utterly
worn-out feeling experienced by so
many women is not due as a rule to
tho physical exhaustion of labor, but to
the draining away of the strength by
womanly diseases. Nervousness, head-
ache, backache, and sleeplessness are
but a few of the common results of such
a diseased condition. Yet thousands of
women suffer from wonanly diseases for
years and make little or no effort to
effect a cure, j They treat womanly dis-
ease as if it was a purely local thing, and
only wake up to the disastrous effect of
the disease upon the general health,
when there is an utter break down, fol-
lowed perhaps by years of painful 111-
ness.
HOW TO BE CURED.
Any woman suffering from womanly
disease can 'almost surely be cured by
the use of Dr, Pierce's Favorite. Prescrip-
tion. This statement is based on the
testimony of many thousands of women
who have been cured of womanly dis-
eases (often when aggravated by neglect
or wrong treatment, and generally of a
serious and painful nature.), by the use
of "Favorite Prescription."
. K I .used four bottles of your ! Favorite
Prescription J and one of "' Golden Med-
ical Discovery,' " writes Mrs. Elmer D.
Shearer, of Mounthope, Lancaster Co.,
Pa., "and can say that I am cured of
that dreaded disease, uterine trouble.
Am in better health than ever be fo re.
Every one who knows me is surprised
to see me look so well. In June, when
I wrote to you, I was so poor in health
that at times I could not walk. You
DB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
When the Lamp is : Lit
and the Children
are in Bed
The tired mother gets out her mending
basket and begins to darn, the holes
made in the hose by the restless feet of
her little ones. It is so good to be quiet
for a little she thinks. But very soon
the , over - wrought nerves assert k them- •
selves. , She feels dizzy,- her head throbs;
and she has to lay- aside the work- and *
creep .wearily to rest. Y.' : i: •¦'¦¦'" ' T ' >
All •work brings a natural weariness, a
healthy tiredness. But there : is iweari-
nes3 which is not natural and • a tired-
answered my letter then and told me
.what to do — I< followed your advice, «n4
to-day am cured. I tell everybody that
with God's help, Dr. Pierce's medicines
cured me. If these few words are of
any use to you you are welcome to use
them. They might help some other
poor, suffering woman."
Mrs. Shearer's case is a -fair example
of the average cure effected by the use
of "Favorite Prescription" both in the
completeness and quickness of the cure.
Of course, in complicated and chronic
cases the cure may be slower but it is
none the less sure if the medicine is
faithfully used as directed. The record*
show that ninety -eight women in every
hundred who have given w Favorite Pre-
scription" a fair and faithful trial hare
been perfectly and permanently cured.
UNNATURAL CONDITIONS.
Every woman should remember that 4
diseased condition is un«
natural. The natural
condition of the woman-
ly organism is a condi-
tion of health and "Fa-
vorite Prescription"
works with nature on
nature's lines to re-estab-
lish that condition of per-
fect health.
"I never courted news-
paper notoriety," writes
Mrs. E. A. Bender, of
Keene, Coshocton Co.,
Ohio, "yet I am not
afraid to speak a good
word for 'Favorite Pre-
scription' and 'Pleasant
Pellets,* Over a rear
ago I suffered terribly
for nearly four weeks
with prolapsus and weak-
ness. After using one
bottle of 'Favorite Pre-
scription' and one of
'Pellets* I was a well
woman. I have taken
no medicine since and
have had no symptoms
of my former " trouble.
Have used the ' Favorite
Prescription \ at different
times for more than four
years and rind it has no
equal."
When the womanly
health is re-established,
the general health at
once improves. There
is no more backache or
headache. The nerves
are quiet, the sleep is
sonna and the appetite
natural.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription establishes regularity, driea
the drains which -weaken women, heals
inflammation and ulccration and cures
female weakness. It is the best prep-
arative for maternitv, giving muscular
strength and elasticity and rendering
the baby's advent practically painless. As
a tonic for weak and w run-down " women
it is unequaled, and nursing mothers
will find it superior to beer or any of the
medicines or beverages commonly be-
lieved to have a tonic and strengthening
value*. "Favorite Prescription" contains
no alcohol, neither opium, cocaine or
any other narcotic.
SICK WOMEN
are invited to consult Dr. Pierce, bnr
letter, free. Alt correspondence is
treated as sacredly confidential and the
written confidences of women are guard-
ed by the same strict professional privacy
obf-erved by Dr. Pierce and his staff ia
personal consultations with women at the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
. Accept no- substitute for " Favorite
Prescription." The only motive for sub-
stitution is the little mere profit made
by the dealer on the sale of less mexi*
torious medicines.
• FBEE MEDICAL BOOK.
Dr. Fierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, containing more than a thou-
sand large pages is Sfent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Send 31 one-cent stamps for the
cloth-bound volume, or only 21 stamps
for the book in paper covers. Addre39
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
VAUDEVILLE AMBROSIA!
Mary Norman; Pexnpsey and Mack
Company; 3 Marvelous Merrills:
Wincherman's Bears; Hose and
Jeannette; Adelina Boatino; Reich -
«ns' Hand-Balancing Dogs; Victor
Jerome, Lottie Fremont and Harry
V7. Welch and The Biograph.
Reserved treaty. ?5c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Eeats and Otwra Chair*. 50c.
*TS¥QLI*~
EV-XJXGS AT R SHARP!
HATINKE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THEIUg MAS NOTHING LIKE IT
••IN OLD HEX FBAKKU2PS DAYS'."
THE
DOX'T FAIL TO 6EE HIM.
Next Opera— "THE SERENADE."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 5Oc and 75c
Telephone Bu*h 9.
NOTE — Seats for the EXTRA MATINEE
¦n EDSESDAT now ready.
SECOND AND LAST TVEEK.
Last 6 Nights— 2 Matinees.
And Company. Presenting
"In the Palacejf the King."
Next Monday— "WAY DOWN EAST."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
EDW/IN ARDEN
In His Most Successful Drama,
"RAGLAN'S WAY"
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next VTeek— GEORGE OBER In "A TEM-
PERAXCE TOWN."
A GREAT SUCCESS.
TO-NIGHT AND FOR TWO WEEKS.
tMATINEE SATURDAY).
H*iiliam Greet Presents the Powerful Young
Heroic Actor.
In -WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama.
The Sip tt Cross
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
(SEATS READY.)
rI5FH sat r &*a>
Belatco & Thall Managers
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Play,
ITHEROGUE'SCOMEDT
Special Production — Costly Costumes.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c and 75c
Next— ' THE ORIENTAL EXPRESS."
BEZ&SCO *"«> THAlESjfefftgr,
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Latest Now York Dramatic Success,
A Young Wife
Dcr.'t Mirs This Melodramatic Treat.
Full of Thrills and Sensations.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ItDfri:? EV'GS— 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
rflilE) MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
Next— "AN AFRICAN KING."
CHUTES H ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Great St. Leon Family; Wingate
SiEters; Arthur Buckner; Alf Holt;
Callahan and Forrest; Loraine and
Howell; New Moving Pictures.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE -CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS.
Telephone for Scats Park 23.
SONG RECITALS
HOMiAV ?.n<1 WEDNESDAY EVENINGS,
February 17 and 19.
Saturday Afternoon fWanhfngtfln's Birthday),
February 22.
SEASON SALE OPENS THIS MORNING
At S o'clock, Sherman, . Clay & Co.'s.
SINGLE HEATS READY WEDNESDAY.
PALACE and ;
GRAND HOTELS.
On or.e ride of these masnificsn;
hctplfc its the wholesale and manu-
Ucturers* district— on ihe other re-
tail fctoros. clubs, railroad and -
rtew-£p«lii;r offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts ot the
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
Weekly Call,$i.00 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.TfeE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 10,1902^
10
HOUSES WASTED.
HOUSE. 7 to 10 .rooms, wanted by palnt«r. j
, paperhanger; where part rer.t would be taken
out In work. Box 3250. Call office.
'. H YGIESIC .'' HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you—
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
ty applying to MR.. and MRS. HARTLAND. -
room 39. 139 Peat st. Liebes building. J
LOST AND FOUND. V.
LOST At or near 1901! Vallejo St.. diamond
crescent. Return 524 Chestnut st.; reward.
LOST— Gold . ring with 5 diamonds, fob and
locket; Initials F. R. 520 Sansome st. ; reward. _
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
_ ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Herts, 700 UP*.
MATTRESSES ASD PILLOWS.
TO order, also claaned and sterilized, uphol- -
stery; Al carpet cleaning:: honest work suar- J
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
yt.;vtel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL. *-•"-"'
LADIES— AH who are sick or tn trouble call & .
consult the specialist; the unfortunate helped: j
relief In all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treal-
ment; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature: all classes of female ;
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases In both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to 30 days. DR. <*- -
W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth. .
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases: takes ladles
before and during confinement; best cars:
confinement 515: rm.. board, $5 wk. : infants
adopted: will take 2 to work at my private .
resld.. tips Guerrero, nr. lath: tel. Blue 411. .
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist:
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home, before and during confinement:
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell St. -
LADIES, consult the criaMnal MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 1223 Market St.; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician:
private home for confinement: babies adopt- .
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason, j
MRS. D. . GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Mj-
ternlty Home. SOC Market st.; opp. Fourth.
HINPCOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
in confinement. 112C Market St.. S. K.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles' *
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite '
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXING AJfD ASSAYING. $
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Conso.l- :
dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne- '
vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn;- 2
patented claims, 8-stamp quartz mill, ditch ¦
and hoisting -works: reasqps for selling:, non- '
experience of mining by owners: mine open .
for Inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTER. Sacramento. Cal.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner biff. . S. \
F. ; branch office, Nome. Alaska, season 19C2.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 FTemont st.
25 H.P. HORIZONTAL boiler and engine; fcll
complete; perfect order... $300
10 H.P. upright boiler and engine; ready to
run: fine shape $150
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pullms
etc. WHITELAW. 253-25^5_j3pear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. Ths
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR SALE — 100,000 old bricks and 1 flagpole
00 feet long. California Market, or 1828 Fif-
teenth st. /
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A NEW oil heater; large size; $4; worth $10.
HARRIS' LOAN OFFICE. 105 Stockton st.
NEW .Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
5000 TO 10,000 feet of 3, 3% and 4 Inch pipe.
IPS Vallejo st. ¦
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanglng, palit-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont';;y.
WANTED — Five square pianos, good for
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 39t> Mission st.
ENGINES and' boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post sL
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United ' States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. -
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Of flee, 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
FINELY carved Ivory Image 12 or 14 inches
high; must be cheap. Box 3213. Call offlo;.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jeasie 233 1.
. nn - r j^^, ?? p*iit T .?_ L _°. A -^\ „
HERMAN MUKPHY. 603 Examiner buUdlBjr!
........ $4,500,000 at lowest ratej
...... on first and second mortgages
......... Life Interests In estates
. Property belns held in trust
" .... Undivided interests in real estate ....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and size*..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country propert>:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities.' Tel. Red 5024. MAN'-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
* First, second and. third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
S ........ 24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
, ' - second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest' in estates, legacies, undivided
. Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
. HIGHLY respectable . private ' place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest - rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, &4d
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Thirl.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
i Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
• ANY amount, lowe»t rate, on piano, furniture or
. household gooHs, without removal ;confldentlal.
ORMSBY.2U Montgomery st.,opp. Lick House.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no brcker-
1 age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
r LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private,
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
i Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
., Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commls. confidential. ¦ Whitehead.1710 Market. .
. ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
." $1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoraer. MORRELL. 600 ¦ Examiner bUlff. >
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no're-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. C Eddy.
$10 UP on. furniture, pianos: no com. : pr'vats
. . party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4Ci flr.
Oi. salaries. N. Y. . plan; Indorsed paper dls-
. -•¦ counted.. TOUSLEY CO..' 321 Parrott bids-
ON furniture, planes; lowest rate; do removal:
- strictly private. LICK. 11C McAllister st.
' IF you want ahome\l will loan you money to
. buy It. : A.r E. RUDELL. 222 Sansomeiat.
'_ ON * salaries without indorser: . other propoii-
. tlons. S. F. Discount Agency., 143 Phelan big.
. LOANS monsv on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. ."OO Phelan bid?. .
' ¦ : MOSEY AVAiVrED. V- '
f WANTED— $1000 on suburban town realty 10
percent. Box 3200, Call office.
ejiplo vbieivt wasted — fbm ale;
A WELL educated lady • f peaking French and
. German: -pleasing 'address, desires position of
'--* truat; highest references. K-, box 3U01. Call;
AN experienced > nurse wishes a. few more en-
Rag-emcnts; invalids taken, either sex. Ad-
dress, M.. W., 1041- Mission st. • ,
REFINED young-, lady wishes '¦ position: as sec-
retary : or. cqmpanion to Invalid; some experl-
1 ence. .'.Winchester. Hotel; room 556. ,.'. ;
VvINCHESTER House 44 Third st.. near, Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c 'to $1 50 per night; 51 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
. bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. *
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anil
-subscriptions has been established ' at 103U
Valencia et. , , « .*.--.-¦¦¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
COMPETENT Irish dishwasher wants a. job
in'" a restaurant at $1 per day. Apply to,
MICHAEL BUTLER. 202 Sixth st;. city. -'
BY an experienced coachman and gardener, 6
years in one place East, 3 years in private
place, here, 2 years In nursery, city, 3 years
foreman gardener. In Oregon city park; all
first-class . references. Address J.J S., >S09
Mission st. , '¦' .'¦ - ¦
WANTED— Position by . an experienced, relia-
¦', ble man as collector or manager; will Invest
cash 320,000; no object as to small salary.
Address L. C. 588 Thirty- third st. '¦¦'¦¦'.
2 FIRST-CLASS cooks would like positions aa
first and second ; hotel, boarding-house or
camp; country preferred. Apply at 638 Clay
gt.: phone Main 1191 . . ..' ¦ ¦¦'-¦'¦' y.
CIVIL, engineer, with extensive experience on
' location and construction, desires engage-
ment ; will furnish Instruments *nd a cora-
plete • party. ¦ Box 3275, Call. ; .-¦-".
RELIABLE 1 man -wishes light employment:
• city or country; . store, ranch, mine, hotel.
Box 3281, Call. ' - ,
CHANCE wanted- to learn watch making and
repairing; can buy. interest in small busi-
ness. Box 3G2G. Call office.? -.' « ..: .
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work of any
kind on small place In the- country; can fur-
nish best of references. Boi 3617, Call.
A POSITION, bookkeeper; thoroughly comper,
tent and reliable; ace 30; references and
bond ; city, or country- . Box 3627, Call office.
PRINTER — Experienced Job and news . man
•wants position; city or country. Address
box 3209. Call office. '
YOUNG ftian would l|ke work in cake bakery;
wages! no object; has had some experience.
Box- 3201. Call office. . . .
WANTED — Position by a first-class dentist.
Box 32S4, Call.
POSITIONS wanted by man and wife on a
ranch. Call or address 41'J Stockton st. .
TOTING Japanese school boy wishes place; light
work. YANAGI. 52S Stevenson St. .¦—'
JAPANESE bchoolboy wishes work near 420
Stanyan st. L: W., 810 Stockton, st.
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
¦ housework'. 1020 Larkln St.; tel. Larkin 1331.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
i ' EXCHANGE. S
LOCOMOBILE worth $950 to exchange for
first-class carpenter work. Box 3222. Call.
. . FINANCIAL^
COMPANIES Incorporated promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted: srold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers. 826 Post st.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. ilnc.) — "We
. have* 43 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies lncor-
¦ porated; stocks and bond* underwritten. Call
or address main office. K07-S-9. Parrott bids.
FLATS TO LET.
A — ELEGANT, new, sun every room, hand-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing, 2*
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, dance room, 5 and 6 rooms:
• take Geary. McAllister or Sutro cars; 753
to 763 Sixth ave.. , near Fulton st. A. M.
. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A — 509 'to 629 Frederick St.. near. Stanyan —
Swell new* flats,'' 5. .to 8 rooms; low rent.
NEW sunny modern flat, 1 5 rooms and bath.
065 Golden Gate ave., opp. Jefferson square.
NICELY furnished sunny 8-room.flat for sale.
324 Ellis st. . ¦ ¦• -^ ... -¦.. , -", ¦ "¦¦—.-.
$27 00— MODERN, sunny : flat, 5 rooms, bath;
yard and basement. ; 1223V& Guerrero . st. »
FLATS TO. LET— FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished 0-rootn flat,' n«ar park pan-
handle, for sale cheap, account of departure;
$500 cash; desirable location; rent reasonable.
Address box 3C02, Call office. ¦ ,. • -
¦* FURNITURE FOH V SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
, PURMTCRB WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best' in the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. I ¦
HELP }VAXTED~FEMALE.
A — TWo waitresses, commercial hotel south
E25/see party here atilO a. m. Monday
head waitresses $25-$3u
3 restaurant waitresses, hotels, country. ..
, .....|20-?25
Waitress, small commercial hotel $23
Waitresses, city and country ....... .$20-$25
Restaurant waitress night work ..$7 week
. 10 chambermaids city and country...... $20
FAMILt DEPARTMENT ....
Cook, $30; women with children $15-820
Second girl, private sanitarium.. $20
Choice places for housegljls. some 2 in fam-
ily, see parties here or car fare paid. $20-$2j
others '.*...;
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ..104 Geary st.
A — TWO neat genteel waitresses for very choice
. places. ,call and Investigate. C. R HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ...Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. 6 waitresses,, winter resorts. Southern' Cali-
v fornia, very special rates both ways; 2 wait-
resses, commercial hotel, $25, fares paid; 2
waitresses, commercial hotel near city. $20;
16 other waitresses, city and country hotels.
?20, $25; waitress, restaurant, evening
watch, $7 week .....*:....'... .'.';..
.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT : . . .
3 cooks. $25 to $30; cook, small American
family, 530; waitress and parlor maid, flrbt-
class private family. $25 to $30; many choice
reliable places housework, city and' country.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... 335 Geary st.
TWO chambermaids, Santa Barbara, $20, half
rates; 2 chambermaids Coronado, $20 half
¦*; rates. MRS. M. E.. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Zin 2
weeks; course, $5, ' Including manicuring.
massage, weaving, ventilating, awitch and
wig making;- positions guaranteed; no false
.. promises; our pupils are our living advertlse-
. ment, filling i>oaltionB = and in business • for
themselves all over the city: -day and eve
classes. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE.
233 Geary st., rooms 13-15. ; *. ,':zti
V >¦*,¦ •¦ :• == .;*¦- ¦¦ ¦
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss ¦ & Co.'b Overall
• Factory, 52% Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary ; good pay; steady work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
BRIGHT young girl to learn good trade; paid
while learning. ,M. KRAKER; 224 Bush at.
EXPERIENCED tuckers and operators on
ladles', waists. HOFFMAN. 723 Market st. .'
GOOD pants finisher. .1000 Harrison at., cor-
ner. Sixth, i. ,_¦) . .¦ ... . ,¦ . . , , ,
GIRL wanted for general housework and Ger-
•.-- man cooking. 1440 O'Farrell st. ' "«
YOUNG glrr for "general housework; 2 in fam-
lly- ' S0T Laurel . st. ..;¦;. - ¦ ¦ . ¦ ' ¦¦
GIRL to assist in housework and cooking;
¦ wages glB: . 862 Halght st., after 9 a; m. .
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard
st.. bet; Twenty-second ' and Twenty-third. , ;;
WANTED— A strong boy -to work : in < brass
. foundry. 225 Beale at; : '-A \
WANTED — A girl for general housework. Ap-
.. ply at 1747 Post st. .,-;., •
GOOD, waitress; wanted. 134 Third St., '¦-
'.WANTED— Operators on -woman' a 'muslin- un-
. derwear; experienced only; steady work; elec-
" trie power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212
. Market st. . • :.-¦ : .-:..:,;'
; WANTED — Experienced operator on woman's
wrappers; steady work; good pay; electric
¦ power. . MARKS BROS., 1212 Market- st. c
POSITION of. trust with one of the leading
•firms of ' the. city ' for an.';' honest reflncd
r" woman. .Box , 3614. Call, office. '':.«.;", •
WANTED — Girl over 16 years to care for.: in-
fant; sleep home. .Call from 0 to 12 a.vra.V
r %2!J40 California st. . , ¦- ' : ¦ ¦¦<-^,: r '
COLLEGE of .•'.* Hairdresslng; entire couree.': 2
" weeks.. $5; day and • eve.'. class. Call at room
1. 1007^ Market at.. : near : Sixth. •-' --.:
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on cus-
tom pants. SELIG BROS.,: 108 Battery.it.- -\
HELP -WASTED FEMALK—-C<wtr
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
- learning. BELASCO &,HARKIS CO.," 541
Market St.- \ • , , •-"" ' ".,:.;:'.•'.
GOOD opportunity for 'girls ' to learn glove
' making; steady positions guaranteed. - Call
151 Noe St., bet. Fourteenth" and Fifteenth.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole "maker on tailoring.
: BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541. Market st.
CAL." College of Hairdressing and Massage, Ida
M.' Blakesley mngr.; graduate Prof. Paul Las-
cotte of N.. Y. '¦¦; Girls change your occupation;
learn the best .profession . for women; only '3
weeks, $5: bring add: worth $1.' 305 Larkln.
WANTED — A young, stropg and ambitious wo-
man of good appearance. as an assistant and
to study massage and therapeutics: steady po-
sition; state salary expected. Bo* 3263. Call.
WANTED — German or Swedish girl for general
I housework ; two in family ; good wages. | Call
bet. 9. and 12,. 2399 Jones, cor. . Chestnut. '
GIRL for upstairs work and assist with baby;
$15. 2520 Green St., near Scott.
GOOD maker and apprentice wanted in milli-
nery store . af 692 McAllister st.
GIRL for general, housework;, plain cooking;
, German family of two. 1444 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Waitress or. good girl to learn wait
\ at table ; small restaurant. 62 Eighth et. .
.WANTED — Entry clerk. Address, stating age
. and experience, box 3635, Call office.
TAILORESS as pants finisher.- 5% Kearny st.,
room 17.. ... ( ¦ ,
A GERMAN woman as governess: state re-
ligion; salary $30. Box 2984,, Call.
A BRANCH of nee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has-been established at 1033
Valencia st. • .'".•¦¦ .->
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CalWbranch office. 2280 Flllmore.
HELP WAITED— MALE. '
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5613
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
".....* Office Open 7 a. m .-
250 I woodchoppers and tiemakers, different
places in California ...... .v.
¦Woodchoppers ...Cheap fares
New camp Virgin timber
Redwood, 80c cord.
Pine. $1 25 cord.
Hardwood, $1 50 cord.
: Ties, 10c each.
Big wages can be made on this Job; -work
will last 3 years. ¦ - . ..•
......... .FOR . ANOTHER CAMP
,/SO men to cut redwood, pine madrone and
oak, SOc to $1 50 cord, 1 fare $2 50. ,\, , m
Furnace man for mine. -.$75; 9 farm bands
and teamsters, $26; 3 milkers; second baker,
near city, $30 and found; y cooks. S waiters,
kitchen, help. ; MURRAY & READY, <K4-
, C36 Clay st. /
PIANO player for country, fare advanced:
first-class gardener, $35 #to $40 and found;
young -man with some experience at marble
cutting; man about place, $30 and found: 2
Italian pruners, $1 day and board; farmer
and wife. $40 and found; milker/ $35 and
found: choreman, $10 and found, and others.
J.-/F. CROSETT & CO., C28. Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook, country,- $45 and found; third
hand baker. $9 week and board; second hand
baker; hotel waiter, country, $25 and found;
restaurant porter, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.; 628 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.
3 house porters for first-class country hotel,
$22 50 and found; buttermaker and milk. $30;
2 Swiss or Italian pruners for vineyard. 52G
ami board ; 4 tannery, hands for finishing,
$2 50 a clay, see boss here; 2 woodchoppers.
4-foot fir, ?1 25 a cord; boys for factory. $5
to $6 a week; redwood tie and post makers,
piecework.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montgomery, rm. 12.
Japanese house servant, $25. . I
PARTNER In manufacturing business; whole-
sale and retail: stock for Invoice price; large
profits; incoming partner tend place. Par-
ticulars 257 Fourth St.. near Folsom.
WANTED — A middle-aged man. to work on
farm: Swiss or German preferred. Apply at
lift Tenth st. •
$150— PARTNER" wanted old established busi-
ness : pays about $70 per month. 1016 Mar-
ket ,st., room 10.
GENERAL tailor at once. M. PERSICO. 3310
Mission st. < ¦
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith. 537 • Brannan
street. . . . -¦ " '-,¦"' ix
WANTED — A first-class tailor to work on
pants. 1104A Clay st.. corner Mason.
GOOD first-class barber wanted; steady. 503
Halght st. .
WANTED— Second hand cake baker. .518
Hayes st.
W ANTED — Dishwasher at 113 Turk st. '¦' '
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st. J.
BIGGEST bonanza on the market: investigate:
$2 to $10 a day In it. 993 Market et., rm. 1.
BUSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, ,U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further -information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis .st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. -.217 Third st. ; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools 'donated;
catalogue free. MOVER'S BARBER COL- j
LEGE. 635 Clay st. . . ¦
WANTED — Reliable young ¦ man with $90:
take cash and assist in restaurant;. $40
month; no experience. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED — Honest man with *250; tend cash,
restaurant: $50 month and board; no experi-
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN. 1221" Mkt.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $175 cash;
plain work; no experience: steady place: $13
week. BROWN, 1221 Market st. .
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between . S and • 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'. ¦
WANTED— Reliable < man with $150: light
work; no experience' necessary. 1032 Mar-
ket st., room 4.
lst-class sewers to taka work home on ladies',
children's waists, etc. H.FrIedlander,33S Fell.
ATTENTION— Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra .pay
apply at 630 Market st., O. E. HOWE.
Experienced sash and door maker. INGLER &
YOUNG, ; Fourth and Washington, Oakland.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
SOc up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 6th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 » Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 8, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships -for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half -soled 'while, waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL 'size men's shoes,, slightly 'damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st ftnd 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, -25c 'night; reading rooms;
free ,' bus and baggago to and from ferry..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
) I received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established i at ¦. 1096
Valencia st. " ' ' . ¦ •¦.-'. -.,
: t HORSES AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived— 72 head well ¦¦' . broke horses ;
weight from 1150 to -1500 lbs. ; suitable for
- laundry, . express, milk or bakery wagons.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721 Howard ;st.
A I LOT of horses ' for sale . at Arcade ' Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st.: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
--r at 11 a. ,m. JOHN J.- DOYLE.' Auctioneer.
WANTED— A gentle Shetland pony that is ac-
customed to be\drlven by children. ' Address
I. G. WATERMAN. Palace Hotel." •
FOR sale — 21 good mules.' Apply: at 19th ave.,
; and: K r St., or office of -City Street Improve-
ment ; Co. ¦:¦'-. ; . " . A „ ' , . .
SANTA ROSA , sale . and stock . yard;', horses.'
.harness and buggies bought and sold.' 1430
Market st.; cor.. Eleventh.. Phone South 864-
DOUBLE, team express wagon for. sale. "Apply
« '¦:¦¦ Turk and, Taylor, sts... .... •; _' •¦«.''¦ '" -..,
WANTED-^-A small neat laundry : wagon In
;- . good condition. ,; 2125 Mission st. >, f . ;
AN, A" No. 1" express " wagon, single: also light
;? camping wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission. . ,
FOR * sale— 1375 Eddy st. ; stylish single f oot-
; : ing saddle. horse.;--;' ¦.': v. . - v-. --..'¦
FIRST-CLASS Jersey, cow and Qalf , for sale.
;;:, 407; Eureka i st. ;:. ¦. . : ./ _, .___¦. ' ¦.
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
-NEMAN'S. 109 Sansome st. , - ¦ •
>; HOUSES TOILET.'.
A— PRINTED list houses , to let : send " for clr-
".-. cular.'G.;H. UMBSEN & CO.V 14 Montgomery.'
MISSION, 2723-r-House of 7, sunny rooms; new
plumbiug.^large.- basement -i and yard. :
IUJSINFSS CHAXCES— Conflnnert^_ j
JOSEPH STRAUB, -
,i 650 Market st.. cor. Stockton. -,
Telephcne,Crant 177.'
< Real Estate Azent.
Property bought, and sold.
Rents collected. , . ¦
' • ; Loans negotiated.
JverUiniate" Business '.'
„ . - Agent.
• Do you want to sell your business or do you
j wan't,a partner for legitimate business call on
aboveaddress. ¦ . ¦ ¦• '/'.'¦', .'-¦¦-'
COCO WIXE and liquor saloon downtown: good
place for right party; low reiU. JOSEPH
' STBAUB, S50 Market St., rooms 5 and 6.
BEER and billiard hall on Market St.; very
reasonable; go and see it. Call JOSEPH
STRAUB. 850 Market st, rooms 5 and 0.
OUR "Cpmnoundiner System" of turf specula-
tion Is th« sti'est and - most • profitable ever
devised; averse monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S..HAND & CO..
,. Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton st.
FOR sale — \t a. bargain for cash; first-class
large retail gTocery in large town adjacent
to this city. 32 California street. -
A BARGAIN— Grocery, branch bakery and
bar; two living rooms; established 16 vears;
doing good business; cheap rent; must sell
on account of sickness. Call 365 Mission st.
FOR sale — Hay and grain business; established i
15 years; splendid retail location on main
retail thoroughfare; capital required about j
$1200.' Address box 3271. Call office.
HALF-INTEREST in West Berkeley Sun f or
sale: cash only: safe investment;- fully guar-
anteed ; best chance in the State. Bruin
block. ¦ West Berkeley. > - ' - -
A— $250; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfled with $18 to $25 a week; i
no experience required: trial given before j
buying. 25 Geary st.. room 4. . . j
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and flxt- |
ures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Robley. Cal. 4
RESTAURANT— Great sacrifice; good trade;
going to Europe on account of sickness. Box
3034, Call office. . J
FOR sale-»-A nicely fitted up bakery, suitable {
for man who does his own baking; very rea- 1
sonable. Box 2403. Call orflce, Oakland.
S225— SALOON partner: what a snap: fine fix-
tures: business. Beard of Trade, 326 Pine.
NICE cigar stand on water front for sale;
5275, worth 5500; come and investigate. 201 j
East st.; no agents. ¦ '
{600— FOR eale: the Palace Restaurant. Val-
iejo. Cal : great chance. P.O. box 275. Vallejo.
9 LODGIX&-HOCSES FOR SALE.
TO BUT SELL OR EXCHANGE .
Call on US
. . Any House Sold on Payments
20 rooms; clears $125; payments J1OO0
25 rooms; clears $140; only 1350 .
16 rooms • Eddy st. ; reduced to 000 I
8 rooms; flat; bargain : 200 i
100 rooms; corner; clears ?500 5500,
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300;
68 rooms; corner: clears $400 35C0
17 rooms: clears $75; only 250 [
19 rooms; rent $-40; clears 560 4^0,
10 rooms; swell; bargain 800 i
13 rooms; very good ; rent $50 750 j
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. ; phone John 531. i
906 Market St., cor. Ellis, room 12. i
WINSTON & WOLF j
1026 Market st: 1026 Market *t.
<Protograph GaJlery Entrance.)
20 rooms; rent $60; this house is a money-
maker; price $1050, part cash. WINSTON* &
WOLF. 102C Market st.
31 ROOMS; rent $100; offices: a No. 1 location;
part cash; price $2100. WINSTON & WOLF.
lu2tt Market" st. •
44 ROOMS; rent $100; new furniture and car-
pets- 2 floors; part cash; price $1600. WINS- j
TON & WOLF. 1026 Market st. j
29 ROOMS; rent $75; offices: Market St.; part
cash- price $1400. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026
Market st. ¦¦J
120 ROOMS on Sansome st $2000 j
100 rooms on Howard st 1500 j
34 rooms; Howard st ".... 400]
44 rooms; Stockton st 2100 ;
32 rooms; Grant ave ; 3000]
25 rooms on Fourth St.... $1000; good paying .'
16 rooms on Sixth st $750; all full !
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient !
S8 rooms on Powell st S3200; good location }
22 roonis on Powell st $1500: g-ood location i
10 rooms on Gear}- st $1100; fine house i
ir*~! i ' "¦, ¦¦¦. ¦ - ¦¦'¦
• CT.AIR-VOYAj^g—CoTvtlriqed.
IfMAH tlis Egyptian Gypsy; clairvoyant and
pulmist. permanently located 114S Market, op-^
polite Sixth: prlvete readings. daily. 10 a. nv
- to 5 p. m. Sundays from 30 to 12 a. ;r\.
MMB. WALTERS, great card reader: lad. 25c:
gents 5Pc. 051 Mission; nr. Cth; open Sundays. ¦
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
1 or.no pay;T>0c,,$l. . 234*4 Sixth Et. . . ..,-
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c;"gents 50e; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
50c. $1— Prof. Weller. clairv jyant. palmist.card
reader;mall orders:stamp for clrc. 1007M; Mkt.
MRS. MHIA'ILL well-known clairvoyant; water
reader. 11 «th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1ju.V
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to S. 2F.2 Minna jU_nr._4t!i.
MRS. MALLORY. 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult. me; L». 25c. O. aOc.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
. has removed from 222 Eddy to 407.0'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 2.V up. 5 Fourth st. ¦
CARPET jBEATIJYG A>"D CLEANING.'
WHEN you become disgusted with, poor work
send to SPAULDING.'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, S53-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating "Works — Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning: Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
-. reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
XONKLIN'5 Superior. Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTIOy OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor. 916 Market Et. : advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO let— Furnished cottage of 6 rooms and bath
at 3373 22d st. ; references required. . ._,'
SUNNY'cottage. 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
flowers. <»tc 782 Capp St.. near Twenty-third.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings. Jl: gold and porcelain crowns, 55 up:
plates, a lull set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painleas extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns," plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or lilHr>gs< by my
. wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prlc*s
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELKCTRO-DKXCAI> CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, f3 50"up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
& to 2. J. W. 7HATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. G Turk St.. cor. Mason—
Expert painle«s extractors; skilled operators;
gras given; lady attendant. R. C. AKDERSOX.
D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $.T r>0:flllings,50c;
plates $5 full set: all work painless nnd war-
,ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
¦unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crown, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 64 6th.
PARIS Dental'Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. BuFh —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. S3; filling*:, 5Oc.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, ]4 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without" plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ' .¦'
DR.R.L.JVALSH. S15% Gecry.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. f.Oc: plates ?5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. !
8 rooms on Sixth et $350; grood and cheap j FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. WM.
10 rooms on Mason st.5750; any time; all full PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTat.
50 more house* on list. ¦ ¦
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St. DOG HOSPITALS.
A ~ Tefe r p h^ne C Bla C k U i 1 - < 8-o!l" DR. CREELY'S "cTiCdog 8 6ap, by~dni«irt-
MARION- GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2. or at the Hospital... MO Golden Gate ave.
Money to loan' on .lodg- ' ; : —
: . ing-houses or on , real I EDUCATIONAL. .
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my >~~~~-^~*~~^-*~^~~ x~*~
office. All for sale on «asy terms. Please call. HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
SAMPLES NORTH OF MARKET. NEERING — Theory. . demonstration, construc-
14 r.; corner; rent $40; elegant $950 tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
50 r.; corner; rent $100; clears $156 2800 ! practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
40 r. ; 1 floor:' 20 windows on 3 streets; |
rent only $75; 5-year lease; respectable. 2S00 I
20 r. ; 2 floors; rent $50; fine bay- wind.. 1050
12 r.; 2 floors; rent $36; clears $35 mo.. 300 I
A — McDANIEL, SKIRM & CO., i
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. j
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market st.; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary: select ¦
roomers only; modern building: must sell.
18 rooms; transient; clears $100 month; cen-
trally located; two rooms pays rent; good fur-
niture.
12 rooms; rent ?47 50; clears $50 month;
good location: must sell.
22 rooms; rent $52 50; easy payments; $800.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market st.
French- Spoken.
Get Our Bargain List Before Buying.
24 rooins; Geary; owner eick; bargain.. $1750
30-room hotel and bar; rent $125; snap. 2000
3S rooms; Market st- 2000
14 rooms; owner retiring 350
17 rooms ; ¦ Sixth st. ; only. 750
21 rooms; rent $45 850
19 rooms; transient; make offer,
20 Toomi; Turk St.: transient; just listed 3000
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st <lnc ) Phone Davis 28L
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates. .
Something new every day.
New houceg to lease.
catalogue ' free. ' ¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling-, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
8. F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market et.— Big
school because It's best." Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue, free.'
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for - the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50: catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
6ltions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. .
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-46, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.'
A, CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers call ;' we can
f=uit you; have bargains in hotels. lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city. ' -. . .- '.. -
NICE private boarding-house: central; all full;
run 6 years by present owner; good reason
for selling; $900, half cash; will take' small
flat in trade. M. E. RIVES, 916 Market Et.
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, ' all
Eizes and price's, in all parts of the city; gtt
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
spriiiTUALisaj.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seanca
Tties., Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.; readings daily.
• 50c and $1; circle every night, 10c. -
MRS VALEEN, medium and palmist, will
' guide you right. 60c. 1 583 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Mey«r; tdttlr.gs dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A. .'. . ... . . -...'• 50<: — DOc — 50c. — A
PROF. BROCKWAY. Prof. Brockway.,
1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough. -
Offers for a short time only readings 'at ths
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
¦ ' 10 a. m. and 8 p. m. dally; Sundays. 10 a. m.
. to 12 z>. m.
¦ Scientific and - Expert Life Reader. • .
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
Interest manifested In each Individual j case.
round advice and counsel are not equaled In
this city at any figure. Ptof. Brockway tells
- you what you want to know, eliminating all
1 unlntereetins features and not tiring you
' with matters entirely Irrelevant to the case
Jn hrnd. is has been the case in readings
• '• you hive had in the past. Prof. ; Brockway
1 reads your past, present and ' future. . . ¦ • - •
....•'*¦ "..- SOc-^-SOc-^Oc. .
MME. M. BERNARD. •• ' - ; - • "
THE FAMOUS •}
r Clairvoyant- and business medium, permanently
• located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly; gives an accurate
j description- of the past, reveals the present hap-
, penlngs and portrays events -to occur in the fu-
: ture. If you are in trouble, discontented,- un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
. love or business troubles, consult this great me-
.• dlum and you will be told how to overcome
• them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
; op; satisfaction guaranteed. .'Tel. Black 4569.
. MRS. DR. F. "CLARKE, the well-known trance
t medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket £t.; cor.' Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2e; take elevator. Perfect satisf action, guar-
. anteed . by mall ; -¦ send ¦ stamp • for ; pamphlet
3 with special terms. Dally and ¦ Sunday.
I 'J1ME. ARNDT. the gr«»at clairvoyant, tells past,
) future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
Fecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
¦ 'fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody;
s . cpen Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215V4 6th.
'¦ I -A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
. j crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
• ques. ; full names ; OOc-f 1 ; 10 a. m/ to 8 p. m.
ENGINEERING— Civil,' elec, mininp.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day'eve.: est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. (City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business Collese; most thorough
- modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new eO-paee. catalogue free. ' 305 Larkln st.
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 30 Fifth at.
i SPANISH. Frenchi etc. Prof. DeFilippe' s Academy
j of LaKguagcs,320Post;e8tab'd 1871 ;ablest prof a.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, succe»aful Instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
j etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
: MISS M. G. BARRETT. 303 Montgomery gt.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
, teacher. 1003 Mission; Instruments, selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
- Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. 8. F.;
founded ISftS: n»w P0-nqi»» rntn'op-ne free.
. : EMPLOYMBXT OFFICES. ; V
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. - Geo.
Klnoshita. 123H Page, cor. Lyo.n; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEQ. 'AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farmln" and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 25Q4. j
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
/Tellable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. ;> .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Clil-
. ' neee help. 426 PoweH.nr.Sutter:lel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE, firet-class German cook, un-
derstands French and American-, cooking;
wage? $30: references. 4 'Lynch st., between
Pacific st. and Broadway.- Leavenworth and
Hyde. : - ..- ' ' ¦. : ¦¦ .¦ y./ -y
WIDOWER'S daughter." 15 years : old. '.wishes
. I .' a * position to ¦¦ assist in light housework dr.
take care of children; a good home preferred
; to wages. Address H.,, MILLER." 2013 Mission.'
SITUATION wanted-: strong girl wishes to do
, - cooking and some housework; American fam-'
ily. Call at L 1712 Hyde-st. .. - ,,.
WANTED— By a first-class German cook, po-
sition in' an American family. ..Apply 520
/Bush st., room 43. ,• .:>:. . : . .,
!' GERMAN girl wishes a -position to do houao-
• work In Jewish family.' Call. 115 Juniper et.y.
between Harrison and Bryant. "¦.--, : . ¦-.,
MIDDLE-AGED .woman wants place to assist
i in general ' housework. Apply in: rear. of 435
Fulton Rt.," near Octavia. ••"•/'..¦. '---,.-•
WOMAN -,, wants-, work- by . the day. .i. washing,'
ironing or housecleaning. . 19 Stevenson ave.,
*': off Valencia st.': v ¦-':.¦;>¦ v .'"J:^:- :* ! v'.v ;
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
ALL~inakes: rent $2 up. credited If purchase-!.
installments ?¦"5 «P: old pianos bought a;nl
exchanged; bargains »25 up in Stelnway.
Heine Chickerlm,'. etc.; ese>.-s wante.1 for
Krell ' Heine. Hallet & Davis and 20 other
make's: we Rive lull oash discount ir you ran
uuy fo down and $lt> a month; some usw
Jianoj for 5137. HEINE PIANO CO.. JU
Geary st. •
AGAIN -we remind you that cur piano stoc*.
• both new and second-hand. Is t'ne largest w»st
of Chicago and includes the mo3t reliable
makers t» choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of ?S per month: some good
pianos tn T *3 $4 and *5 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; ccr.
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oa.-cland.
SOHMER & CO. Piaaoa. I
¦ BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPEILMAN.V Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. SOS-ilo-ita P--»t st-
ATTEXTION. BARGAIN-HUXTEE5 —
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from *25 up; new upri5.1t
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
EON*. 16 to 20 O'Farrel!. Chickerins. iXa»...
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling piar.oa. '
A FINE assortment of good second -fcau<J up-
rights are on hand for you to- select from.
The prices are low. the quality excellent. We
have many new Deckers. Wlssners, Baumeis-
ters and others. Payments accepted If you
de3ire to buy* that way. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken ba-jk icsu tlm»
withli. 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a. day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st. : established 185O. •
A FINE larse upright. ?150: a beautifully
rarved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case.
In use only a few months. $273: new piano*
to rent. $3 50: squares, $1 50 and $2: Beek-
*teln babv grand, almost new. BOWERS *
KON. 23' 5th St.. agts for Ivers A Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize Immediate ca_st*
have stored with Us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go- easy payments; other storage uprlshts $40
up! WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ALL makes of pianos will be sold at our great
removal sale till March 1st : lowest priced
and terms ever made In San Francisco.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
WE have a large shipping: order for old squar*
and upright pianos; will buy or exchange.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at.
OUR pianos the leading makers: price tlCO up-
ward: value? best In the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 031 Market st. ¦'
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood b!g.
ELEGANT upright high grade piano for sala
very reasonable. S47 Halght st.
PERSON leaving: State will sacrifice fell-sized
modern uprtght piano. 433 Golden Gate av-.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand. $75 up:
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House. \'Z* Mlssn.
STILL renting new pianos. $a per monta.
, SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
*173 — A RARE chance; line upright. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old rid new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 '.^than ptac».
> OTL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; alt
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51« Mission «f.
OFFICES AMD STORES TO LET.
EMM.\ Spreckels building, 927 Market »t- — Of-
fices with modern conveniences. $15 to J23.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
LOfT. light and airy, 23x100. with water and
gas; suitable for light manufacturing; rea'.
$18. WM. LOANE. plumber. 43» Fifth st.
DESKROOM for rent: $3: telephone and other
conveniences. 628 Parrott building 1 .
SUNNY offices Ju3t below Kearny St.; $10:
.also large store. Keys 636 Clay st.. room 1.
"PAINTERS ASD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting don».
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d st.: tel. P.ed 3521.
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening re*-
Eonble. Painter. 602 Stanyan: tel. Park 13.
PALMISTRY.
G. -I*. -Neergaard, president St. Germain Cot-
lege. reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor at., bet. Geary and Post; tel.Elack Sfii.
PHYS5ICIA3IS A5D SURGEONS.
ABs6£l;TEXY"raEE~CONSULT^FH3N^-All
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. VJH.
FORDEN, No. 6 Turk St., corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE GRtTVER, lady physician and
rurgeon. at 1122 Market st. : hours 10 to 3,
Dp. C. C. O' DO NNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PERSOXALS.
INFORMATION WANTED.
The executors of Charles Winter want to
find bis son. John Winter, aged about 32
years, machinist, formerly of Newark, N. J.
Said John Winter was last heard from in
I San Francisco. Cal. Address THEODORE
WESTER1IAN, executor, Newark, N. J.. or
Chief of Police. Newark. N. J.
January 28. 1902.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we maJce an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
$P free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of styte«and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth:
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley. 1702 Market.
A — WHAT do you think O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each:
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
SHOULD this meet the eye of THEODORE-
ALLEN, please send your address. Box
8272, Call office.
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Markat.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
FIRST-CLASS champoo for 5Oc; hair dried
with warm air In 10 Minutes; hair dressing
25c. G. j LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10,000 PERSONS on whom, to cure cancerous
diseases _for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth St.. room
11;. call after 7 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O*Farren.send for circular.
LADY In gray who left at six Thursday night,
call; Important. EMILIA FUNKE. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.AMrB.Traverse.1170 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electric
needle: trial free. Mme. Bollng. 407B Hyde.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists .
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vlda Company. 76.1.
Valencia St.. corner Nineteenth.
SkaUng rink, art gallery. Mechanics* Pavilion:
open afternoons & evenings; 10c; ladles free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. BOLING. 407B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists/
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroye-1
by electric needle. 963 Sutter: tel.Larkln3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, vrisi;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..,73n Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 2U O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress psnts. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINtC
the beat corn cure: 25c: all druggists. -'
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in " tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
PROPERTY-OWNERS t CONTRACTORS.
HAVING "acquired the Hentzell paten: chim-
ney, I am prepared to erect It 60c a toot up:
expert In -curing smoking or faulty flue;.;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected: con-
. tractor brick and concrete work: fou:idat;ona
and sidewalks specialty; brick put under oM
buildings; having my own screws and timber}
I can do thi» work cheap and wlthoJt obedi-
ence to labor organizations: estimates fre«.
J. SMITH, 2933 Mission, or box 260, 319 Busb»
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSTNESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market, and Third streets; open
until 12. o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, "
corner Clay: cj en until 9:30 P. m. ....
30" Hayes rtreet; open until .9:30 p. m.
«TM McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
"15 Lsrkin street; open uptll 9:30 p. m.
1PJ1 -Mission Etiret; open until 10 p. m. . -
-2C1: Market- street, corner Sixteenth: open
UTi'i! 9 j;. tn. .. • -.
306 Eleventh street: oT-en "until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street: open- until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreet?; open until 9 p. m.
igOO Flllmore «tr*ru own until 3 p. m.
MEETIXGJtOTlCES.
APYLUM of Golden late Commander}' »f-
No Its K. T. fJ5 Putter ft.— Special TgE"
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8. KM ¦
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra- \fg
ters are courteously Invited. ¦•¦-- _"
H D LOVELAN'D. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. ;
SAX FRANCISCO Chepter No^C •
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS -^%_
EVENING. Degree 4. /VTA
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. »
M. — THIS (MONDAY) EVENINO. at -Jf%-
7::-i0 o'clock. First Ucgre«>. By or- XX
tar of the \V. M. • »^ '
WALTER G. ANDERSON*, gee.
HERMANN- Lodge No. 127^ F and A. « .
M.— Called meeting THIS DAT ~J%^
i MONDAY); February 10, 1P12. at 7&3T
7:30 o'clock p. m. Degree 1. By cr- / ? '
der of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Ses.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M.. 1S39 Flllmore st. — First _^*_
.i.-Srre THIS EVENING at 7:30 >£3?
o'clock. '~
HARKY BAEHR. Secretary. ,-
f?l\ ANDREW'S Society— Special v «T^
me?ting THIS (MONDAY) EVEN- 5» CfW
ING. to bid good by to ex-Presl- 'lXX6je
dent WM BALNAVES.
C. ST. J. BREM.VER. Sec.
A LARGE meeting of members of the v "CT s.
PI. Andrew's Sorlety If desired for A ftvli
meeting of February 10. and all ttjpf
members are kindly . requested to iJ^*
attend. JAMES ROLPH JR.. President.
. GEO. ST. J. BREMXER. Sec,
WOODMEN of the World, C/V """*fli
Golden Gate Camp No. 7jA[ _>u ¦¦'Wl
¦U — Members are hereby f^^W^^Uji^
notified to attend the fcSs55s2ei£2»&-'
funeral of our late '" '**¦*
neighbor. CHRISTIAN ATTINGER. from his
late residence. San Francisco Turn Vereln
Hal!. Turk et., near Hyde. TUESDAY. Feb-
ruary H. at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Services un-
der the auspices of the camp.
THO3. J. BARRY. Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
BARBERS— Members of Local No. 14S, J. B.
I. U. cf A., are requested to attend special
r-eetir.jr MONDAY. Feb. 10. 1902. JAS. R.
BLEILT. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Fierra Railway Company of California will
tie held at the nfflcea of the company. No.
T23 Crocker tniiiatng. city . and county of
Fan Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the
hour ©f 11 o'clock a. ra.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and
the transaction cf euch other- business as
may come before paid meeting.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company •will be held at the office of
. the company. 327 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California.
THTTRSDAY. the 13th day of February. 1902.
«t the hour of 11 o'clock' a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a beard of directors to. eerve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may coma before
th» meeting. <3EO. A. DOUGLASS. Sec
AGEXTS WASTED.
MENDING tissue — No needle or thread; mends
anything: IBc by mail; write for agents'
terms. L. EHREVES & CO., 1521 iDevisa-
dero et-
AGENTS on salary and commission. Manhat-
tan Stock & Poultry Food Co.. 1253 Folsom.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by trail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
*;13; all cases: damages, estates, wills, raort-
(?ap/.i. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn: consultation free;
no airanse charges; open eve's: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty:quick;quiet:
no charge without success; established 16 yrs. j
Optn evening? byappolntrnent;phoneJohnS181.
C.W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills dra^m ; no fee unless suc-
cessful; open eve's. J.M.Thurston.S19 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mascn.
L. S. CLARK. Emma*fepreckels bid*., 927 Marl
fcet «t.: consultation free: no fees in advance, i
AUTOMOBILES. i
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec- j
trie automobiles can be obtained. Address
209 Sanscme st. .'
BOOKS — SEW AJVD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Kolmee. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1W9.
BUSIXESS CHASCES.
A — SCSI; CORNER saloon on choicest part of '
Montgomery st.: place paying; first-class;
good fixtures; large stock. For particulars
sec R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny 6t
$S50 — HOME restaurant and delicatessen store;
2 rooms; rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
Torth f«e.; a good paying business; rare
chance for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE, 261s Kearny et.
A — 5SfO: DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Kayes St.; rent 620; living room*; good
burinrre. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $4.v»; KESTAURANT on Fourth St.. close
to Market; rent SoO; good paying business;
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Keainy st.
A — J:in00: DRT roods and notions store; best
location; stork ivlll Invoice the price; sickness
coirppl* owner to leave the city. Call R. G.
.. WILKE. 26',i Kearny Et.
A^-T7r<>; FALOON established years; close to
Kt-amv and .But=h rts. Call R. G. TVILKE.
2B% Kearny et. , -.. •
A — $450: COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
Fourth St.; rent $25; daily receipt* about
$25: owner to leave for Nevada. Cal R. G.-
WILKH. 2Cis Kearny. Bt.
A — $600: CHOP and oyster house: dose to four
theaters; a business clearing at least $200
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2G% Kearny.
A — OIGAR stand; fixtures, lease, good tvIH for
$4C0; stock at invoice: location can'.t be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — SeCO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
triilicbed years: first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
poon. R. G. Vl'ILKE, 26% Kearny *t.
WANTED — German in good standing; small
capital. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
FOR snle — ?250; branch bakery; 3 living rmi:
district MifEion; good place /for man and
wife. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third et.
FOR stle — Candy store; Sixth, near Market;
I mutt esll; call on us. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
FOR sale — Candy store and manufactory: Mar-
. kr.tr reason for selling. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Sd.
FOR sale — Popular saloon: on O'Farrell st:
call en ue. ItOHLFS CO.. 41 Third 6t.
FOR &il» — Saloon. 5 doors from Market st.;
. estab. »years; call on us. Hohlfs Co., 41 3d.
roit fale — Saloon In I.IIss!on; sold on account
if removal; this fs a bargain; price $400.
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
FOR eal<* — Saloon on Market «t.; transfer cor-
ner; well stocked. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Thirtl.
WANTED — Partner in well-eetab. candy store
to Introduce new drinks. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
WANTED—A m8n with 0 valuable Inventions,
entirely new, wants man with -capital to
manufacture. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
HEALY & CARIt. phone James 2771.
0 Eddy et.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, procery
• Mores, flgar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
CANDY etore. with living rooms, paying $70
month, and one with tools for manufacturing
paying $14<> month; price reasonable. MILES
& CO., 027 Market st.. room 208.
FOR. 6ale— Old-established saloon, half or
whole; firrt-c!a«s location: must be sold at
once.' • MoBRlDE & CO.. 765 Market et.;
phone Red S433.
6T ANTON & LILLIS. 777'.% Market; tel. Black
4437 — Buy, 6e!l and exchange lodging-houses
and business places in all parts of city.
A — THIRTY clear stands that net ,%1 50 to $6
gaily. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 4C2 Parrctt bids.
IF you want to buy a business or sell- go to
DECKER. P21 Market st. . j -..'..; :;.'',
WELL-EGTAB. profitable wholesale business
fcr sale; best selling Cal. spec. Box 32S7.Ca.ll.
PARTNER for restaurant dointr good business.
For pvrUcuI&n, 1547 Mission Et. . ~THE COAST RECORD.
¦' ,. NEW WESTERN: HOTEL. '"
L Swanson, Portland JKlley, Denver
J R Eddy. Chicago • Mrs S M Lucaa, L A
J Peters, Calistoga Mrs R A Lucas L' A
J Williamson, v Ariz D Cassassa. S Rosa
J Nlcholls. ~Amador J Prercell.\ S • Rosa
J L ¦ Klock. :.w & d.- R A Reid. Seattle
' Sebastopol ' "<'-¦ F > E Brown. L Ang •
T W Freah, Wlllits f ; J Mulvoy. Nevada "
H iS Speck. WlUit3 W R Sullivan. Boston
W'Tood.'. Saoto • v I* Swanson. Portland
II E Turpin. Hay wrds F T Collins, Iowa
HOTEL ABHIVAIiS.
Nevada— Cloudy, . with snow or rain Monday:
colder in north portion ;¦ brisk southwest wind.
. San Francisco and . vicinity — Cloudy.- with
showers.'. Monday; fresh- to brisk southwest
wind. - •¦.-"-; G. H.: WILLSON. '
. Ixjcal Forecast Official.
¦ Southern California— Cloudy > Monday, ' prob
ably showers in north portion; light southwest
wind. 1 ¦'¦•¦- '¦ . ¦¦'.•¦¦ - ' '. . ' -. v ¦*. •
The temperature has fallen over Western
Oregon.' Elsewhere: the , changes have been
slight. : ' •:=:¦¦ : • ¦ •
Forecast / made at •' San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. ¦ February 10. 1002: ...-¦
Northern California — Cloudy, with showers,'
Monday; fresh to brisk southwest wind. . -
i The storm r©ins.InB npflrly st&tion&ry over
"Washington and British Columbia. Rain has
fallen from . Central California northward.
Rain continues to. fall over. Washington and
Oregon and cloudy and' I threatening weather
prevails over the entire Pacific slope. • '¦>> -
The. pressure has risen over western portions
of Oregon and Washington and fallen over the
Rocky. Mountain region. .... •• . ¦ • » ,
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature— 7 a. m., 57.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 54; \mean, 5S. . • -
¦: - ¦••¦¦- Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Euroka 31.77
Red Bluff ...14 14.88 18;40
Sacramento 02 8.40 13.7K
San Francisco... 03" 8.84 . 14. 53
Fresno .00 2.76 0.31
Independence- 00. 1.39 5.47
San Luis Obispo 00 6.24 26.3:$
Los Angeles .00 .4.21 13.59
San Diego .00 2.40 8.85
There are a good many stale boarding
house prunes in a life of single blessed
ness. • •<.¦/
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) . .
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 0—5 p. m,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours'.
Women with a past never refuse a
present. . \
Washington: Original— Charles H. Sln
sabaugh, Tacoma, ¦ $8. Increase — Joseph
C. Sly. Rockford, $10. Widow, Mexican
War— Mary J. Wlckersham, Buckley, $8.
Army orders announce that .the sick
leave of absence granted Captain Edward
C. Carey, Thirtieth Infantry, is extended
two months. Captain Palmer H. Lyon,
assistant surgeon, will proceed from Fort
Hamilton to the Philippines, via San
San Francisco. Major Carver' Howland.
Twenty-ninth Infantry, will be relieved
of duty at Fort McDowell In time to join
his regiment upon its arrival at . San
Francisco and will proceed with it to the
Philippines.
Oregon: Increase — John W. Coovert,
Dayton, $8; Oliver Jones Treese, Corval
lis. $10.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Hugh McGregor Willson,
San Francisco, 110. War with Spain— John
D. Hansen. Oakland, $17. Increase — Wil
liam W. White. Soldiers' Home. Los "An
geles, $12: James R. Hammond, San Quen
tin. $12; Matthew Skiffington. Oakalnd, $8;
Oscar Guptlll, Little River, $12. Mexican
War— Abner Blackburn, San Bernardino,
$12. •
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.-The Postofflce
Department has issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned: California-
William G. Gibson, Beckwith;. James D.
Shafer, Benton; James A. Nichols, Cle
one. The postomce at South Pasadena
will become presidential April 1; salary of
Postmaster, J1000.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Head was 31 years of age, was a trustee
of Napa's free public library and a prom
inent member of the 1 Foresters and Na
tive Sons'
NAP A, Feb. 9.— George Head Jr., a
prominent young " merchant ot ¦ this city,
dlsapgeared from his home here Saturday
afternoon and the supposition is that his
body lies at the bottom of the Napa Riv
er. Head left his home to go to his place
of business at his fathers' shoe store. He
did not put in an appearance, and in' the
evening a search was instituted for him,
but nothing: could be learned of his where
abouts during the night. This morning
the man's disappearance was partly
solved by the finding of his hat and coat
on a wharf at the rear of the Carpy wine
cellars. 5 Men have been dragging the river
bottom with a hope of finding the body,
but without success.
Friends of a Resident of Napa Think
He Ended His Life in the
iRiver.
DRAG BIVEB FOR BODY
OE A ! YOUNG MERCHANT
Major Terry is already receiving com
munications from, all parts of the United
States relative to the conference.
This, it is believed, will In time bring
all languages to the use of the same
orthography. Major Terry says that at
present the large number of alphabets in
use differ so widely in essential respects
that it is impossible to print one language
with the alphabet of another. Each lan
guage also has certain elementary sounds
peculiar to itself and having no repre
sentation in the alphabets of other lan
guages; hence no language can be cor
rectly represented in writing, nor can it
be learned from printed text, except hy
the use of its own alphabet. It is neces
sary in learning a new language to learn
a new alphabet.
TACOMA,' Feb. 9.— Major Frank Terry,
Supervisor of Indian Schools in Western
Washington, has started a movement for
an international congress to meet In
Washington, D. C, to devise and agree
upon an alphabet of printed characters
adapted to the uses of all languages. Con
gressman Cushman, at the i instance of
Major Terry, introduced a bill in Con
gress more than a month ago directing
the President to request all nations to
appoint a number of their distinguished
linguists and scholars to attend a con
ference to be held on January-1, 1903. The
objects which Mr. Terry hopes will be
attained by the conference are as follows:
First — To provide an alphabet for communi
cation and aid in foreign commerce.
Second — To facilitate the learning of foreign
languages.
Third— To simplify the learning of English
and encourage the study of our language in for
eign countries.
Fourth — To establish uniform pronunciation
of geographical names.
Fifth — To provide co-ordinate orthography
for the English language, for the use of chil
dren in the primary schools. .
Sixth— To fix a high and perfect orthographic
standard, to which spelling reforms the world
over may aspire. . ¦ •
Special DisDatch to The Call.
Coast Educator Would
Make Languages
Uniform. '
ONE ALPHABET
FDR ALL LANDS
The President is devetlng a great deal
of his time to discussing this question
with members of Congress in both houses.
A member of the Senate who was pres
ent at the White House dinner given to
Governor Taft the other night, which was
attended by a dozen prominent members
of Congress, said to-day that the Presi
dent talked of little else. He impressed
on everybody present his earnestness for
the cause and his sincere belief that trou-
Dle would follow any delay. , - . ¦•
If the present delay of two months is ex
tended two weeks more, when the time comes
for the Cuban Electoral College to meet, and
Senor Palma should, as Intimated, decline to
be a candidate for the Presidency, on the
ground that the failure of the United States to
help Cuba had made it impossible for a stable
Government to be maintained by the Cubans,
that . would be a very great calamity. " -
We hope to avoid such a grave contingency
as Senor Palma's refusal to assume office. It
has been explained to the President and Sec
retary Root that the only reason for delay is
that the general tariff revisers are waiting for
a chance to spring the Babcock bill and other
propositions. Members of the Ways and Means
Committee think they can stave off this dan
ger when ¦ the war revenue reduction bill is
passed. Then we expect to see the committee
act for Cuba. t ¦¦
An important official of the Government
who is in a position to know the exact at
titude of the, President and Secretary
Root said to-day:
Trouble is brewing here and will develop
later. The annexation sentiment is strongly
on the increase" and will, I think, come to the
front ' in case we fail at Washington or the
matter is long -delayed. -I recently took a
trip to the mountain districts and found the
potreros absolutely bare of cattle and the in
habitants almost too poor to obtain the bare
necessaries of life and utterly discouraged
over the situation. While many of them have
large tracts of land they cannot raise a dollar
to stock them or for any other purpose, and
never taste a morsel of meat.
In a letter from one of the best authori
ties on Cuban politics now on the island
occurs this startling statement:
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.-While the
administration Is bound to accept the as
surances which have been given to It by
a majority of the Republican members of
the Ways and Means Committee that they
will in time report a bill granting conces
sions to Cuba, the effect that this delay
will have upon the new. Government of
Cuba is, nevertheless, causing grave ap
prehension in Washington. " • .
It Is said that unless conditions In Cuba
improve Senor Palma will decline to ac
cept the Presidency, as' it Is believed in
Cuba that unless relief is given the con
dition of affairs there will result In law
lessness tantamount to anarchy, and con
tinued military occupation by the United
States would be necessary.
President Roosevelt and Secretary Root
are, of course, anxious to -avoid the neces
sity for continued military occupation,
and the President is bringing to bear all
the pressure he can on the Ways and
Means Committee. . . . .
Special Dlasatch to Ths Call.
Delay .in Fixing Tariffs Is
Said to Be Cause of .;
. \. Discord.
Cuba's President - Elect
Occupies a Peculiar
; V Position.
SENOR PALMA
MAY NOT SERVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1902.
11
STATIONS.
¦ a
3
3 3 3 3 ?2 .
: c : S ?"5"
• S : 3 : 3
* * * \ ' *
CO
1
¦2
. ?
Astoria ..... '.20. 94 56 40 SW
Baker . . . .. . ..2».O2 46 . 36 SW
Carson ..30.04 64 36 S
Fresno .......30.18 68 42 E
Flagstaff ....30.10 50 10 W
Poentello, Ida.30.1« 4tt 30 SE
Independence 30.12 00 :U> S
Los Angeles.. SO. 10 fi8 44 W
Phoenix 30. 0B 74 38 NW
Portland 30.03 50 42 S
Red Bluff.... 30. 04 58 52 SE '
Hoseburg . . . .30.04 52 40 ., E
Sacramento ..30,14 tU» 54 SW
Salt Lake.. ...30.16 54 38 S
San Franclsco.30.18 62 50 S
S. L. Obispo..30.20 6B 44 . W
San Diego 30.10 (S2 48 NW
Seattle ....... 2».OO 48: 44 SW
Spokane ...... 2!). 04 38 34 E
Neah Bay 29.74 CO 49 SW
Walla Walla. .29. 06 42 32 S
Wlnnemucca .30.08 54 36 ' NE
Turaa ..30.06 76 40 N
Cloudy 1.34
Cloudy • .10
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .04
Pt.Cldy..OO
Cloudy .00
Clear ' - .00
Rain 1.42
Rain . .14
•Rain .08
Cloudy .02
PtiCldy .00
Cloudy f.03
• Cloudy .OO
'Clear .00
Rain .48
Rain .52
Cloudy 2.40
Rain .35
Cloudy ".04
Cloar .00
STATIONS.
¦ a
3
3 3 3 3 ?2 .
: c : S ?"5"
• S : 3 : 3
* * * \ ' *
CO
1
¦2
. ?
Astoria ..... '.20. 94 56 40 SW
Baker . . . .. . ..2».O2 46 . 36 SW
Carson ..30.04 64 36 S
Fresno .......30.18 68 42 E
Flagstaff ....30.10 50 10 W
Poentello, Ida.30.1« 4tt 30 SE
Independence 30.12 00 :U> S
Los Angeles.. SO. 10 fi8 44 W
Phoenix 30. 0B 74 38 NW
Portland 30.03 50 42 S
Red Bluff.... 30. 04 58 52 SE '
Hoseburg . . . .30.04 52 40 ., E
Sacramento ..30,14 tU» 54 SW
Salt Lake.. ...30.16 54 38 S
San Franclsco.30.18 62 50 S
S. L. Obispo..30.20 6B 44 . W
San Diego 30.10 (S2 48 NW
Seattle ....... 2».OO 48: 44 SW
Spokane ...... 2!). 04 38 34 E
Neah Bay 29.74 CO 49 SW
Walla Walla. .29. 06 42 32 S
Wlnnemucca .30.08 54 36 ' NE
Turaa ..30.06 76 40 N
Cloudy 1.34
Cloudy • .10
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .04
Pt.Cldy..OO
Cloudy .00
Clear ' - .00
Rain 1.42
Rain . .14
•Rain .08
Cloudy .02
PtiCldy .00
Cloudy f.03
• Cloudy .OO
'Clear .00
Rain .48
Rain .52
Cloudy 2.40
Rain .35
Cloudy ".04
Cloar .00
Cy Friends ¦ and acauaintances and - mem-
bers of Hackmen'a Union, Local No. 224.
- and . Stablemen's Union No. 8760- are re-
spectfully- Invited to altend the. funeral to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from. the
"parlors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green.
1171 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. •; ,: . \ ¦¦¦-¦.-. - '¦
TORMEY— In Vallejo. February 9. 1902, Fan-
nie E., beloved wife of William Tormey,
and mother. 6f William J., Fannie. Ella.
Mary, Ray. Rose and Genevieve \Tormey, a
native -of Benlcla, ased 46 years 7 months
and 25 days. • .
- - ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
¦ morning, February 11, at 8:30 o'clock, from
the Astor House, Vallejo, thence to St.
Vincent's Church, where a solemn high re-
quiem mass will : be celebrated for the rer
. pose of her soul. Interment ' St. Vincent s
Cemetery. . ¦_
THRIFT — In this city, February 8, 1902,
Henry Thrift, a native . of North Carolina.
. aged 48 years 3 months and 16 days.
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1- o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -2022 Flllmore street, between Pine
and California. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.- ; ¦_.-•- .-..; . ; . - v- .¦-.¦.-¦¦;.•;-¦*¦¦.' ,.
SMITH — In ' this city, February 9, 1902, Eu-
1 gene Ellsworth Smith.- a native of Calif or-
. nla.* (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
STEVENSON— In this city. February 8. 1 1902,
George Stevenson,- a native of Ireland, aged
43 years 1 month and 7 days. '•" . ' .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AX.A3IEPA REAL ESTATE.
NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 35x120; 2 5°°; (WVA
New cottage, 6 rooms; lot 40x120; $2200;
terms; also lots in subdivisions: will build to
suit. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
11250 CASH, $33 per month, pays for a $4000
* home In full in 120 payments: modern nouse,
8 rooms and bath: 50 ft. lot; 10 minutes to
local and 10 minutes to State Lnlverslty.
send for "Homes." WM. P. TODD. 630
Market et.. 8. F-. or 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
$28— NICE furnished cottage of J rooms and
stable; Berkeley. Owner, box 3610. Call.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled «PP° rt " nlty V 20( ? :1 i^iS!S CO I;
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cpt-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental- grounds; fruit
orchard- 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S.' T.: rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLASP nEAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH, balance $33 per month/ 120 pay-
ments, pays for in full a new 8-room house;
10 minutes' walk to local; send for "Homes."
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland, or
630 Market St.. S. . F. .
7 NEW homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all first class;
Merrlmac or Twenty-eighth St.. between Tel •.
r graph ave. and Grove st. ; monthly payment
plan. See owner on the premises to-day.
S. P. MEADS. Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st .
O AKLAJtD HOBSEKEEPIXG ROOMS.
3 NICE largo rooms, newly papered, for house-
keeping; modern conveniences; parlor floor.
Apply 1422 13th ave.. East Oakland.-
OAKLAND FURMTURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome sunny
suites; all modern Improvements; saa. bath,
reception rm. ; nr. park and school: rant rea-
sonable. St. James, McAllister and Laguna.
CASTRO, 429, nr. 17th— 2 private furn. hskps.;
private entrance; lawn: cheap; no children.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping in suites
2 or 3. $12 to $20; also single. $5. '
GOLDEN Gate ave.. 126 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny room; grate; kitchen; gas stove; water.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404— Nicely furnished
front room; housekeeping; reasonable.
GOUGH. 708 — 3 nice sunny attic rooms, single
or housekeeping; nicely furnished.
GROVE, 360 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
rent '412.
HOWARD, 823 — Large sunny room for house-
keeping.
HTDE. 408 — Sunny basement suite, yard,
laundry, $14; also large room, $10.
LASKIE, 27. between Eighth and Ninth, oft
Mission — S sunny connecting furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping.
OAK, 119 — 1 sunny basement room; furnished
for housekeeping; $6; small room, $3.
POLK, 1643 — Two nicely furnished large front
rooms, housekeeping; rent $15.
POST, 1018 — Sunny suite of 2 or 3 rooms; also
single. .
SUIT sunny front rooms, bedroom and kitchen,
furnished neatly and completely for 'house-
keeping; $2 25 per week. Apply at ehoe
store. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SUTTER, 823B—^Clean, completely furnished
suites; coal and gas ranges; comfortable;
moderate. - -
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth — 3 sunny house-
keeplng rooms, $12; no children. '
TURK. 130 — Two unfurnished' rooms for house-
keeplng; connecting; cheap. ¦ ¦
Virginia. 1005 Powell— 2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths ;$20.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch- office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. .
ROOMS TO LET— Fniii. and TJnfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week/ and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished,
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
"EDINBURGH. 329 Powell, cor. Geary — Location
most central; large well-furnished suites and
single front rooms as offices; modern im-
provements; electric llcht, etc j
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 60 night; $1 50, $6 wlc; open all night.
ELLIS, 418, The Pierpont — Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; sun all day; $35.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny rooms with closet and
bath; $1 per week.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEART, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND "SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; sui t, single ;elevat.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 659 — New house; elegantly furnished
. rooms, single or en suite; everything new.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a Week up; 35c a day up. '
OCTAVIA. 1211— Sunny furnished bay-window
room, double and single.
OTARRELL. 20 — Sunny * furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 326 — Sunny furnished rooms.
with all modern con.; t prices mod.; private.
O'FARRELL, 131D — 2 paMors and kitchen, un-
furn. ; prtv. residence; bath; phone Scott 858.
POST, 821, near Leavenworth — Elegant unfur-
nished or furnished rooms and housekeep-
ing rooms. ¦ ,
POST. 940, near Larkin — A large sunny bay-
window front room, piano, gaa grate; other
rooms; all newly furnished; new flat.
POWELL. 131. near Baldwin lot— Room to
rent.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandesecent light,
reading-room,' Bmokine-roora and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to fl CO; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth, stl,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st. *
STOCKTON. 332— Nice 6unny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
SUTTER, *23B — Clean, sunny, newly furnished
rooms, single or en suite; rent moderate.
SUTTER, 1003— Sunny well furnished rooms,
en suite or single, for gentlemen.
TURK. 545—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. *17; also single sunny room, $7; gas,
bath, phone. ; . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been estsablished at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board: reasonable; phone South 829.
CROCKER. The. 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rm».; sin, and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY. 626, The Irvingdale— Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 CO up.
JOHNSON. The. cOH O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites ; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates. '
BAHWAY TEAVEL.
wVJET-AL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
xaston. eldridge & co".
638 Market st.
ArrcrioN.
AUCTION.
Tuesday.. AC ° TI °^ ; ebniary IU\ 1802
At our s&leeroom. No. C38 Market et.. at 12
o'clock noon.
_ •] THIRD- ST. CORNER.
Southeast corner (No. 401) Third St. and
Harriton St.; store and flat, 6 rooms; renta $6S
P*r month; lot 20X57:6 feet.
Northwesterly side (Nos. 403-405) Third Bt.. 20
>J*t southeasterly from Harrison st. ; etpre and
flat. " rooms; rent $38 per month; lot 35x&7 :<5
MODERN WESTERN' ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Xorth «!(Je fNo. 2904) Bush Bt. BO feet west
of Lyon st. ; large, elegant, modern residence,
S rooms and oath, with 3 finished rooms In
Vasemc-nt; porcelain tube, tiled mantels, etc.;
Jet 2SxT5 feet: terms, one-quarter cash, balance
on flat loan at ti per cent.
MODERN OAK-ST. RESIDENCE.
Vorth eide (No. 826) Oak St.. 90:10 feet west
of Pierce 6t.; a handsome BUiiny house, 10
rooms and bath, high basement, porcelain tub,
sanitary plumbing, etc.; lot 26x140:6; terms,
one-quarter cash, balance on flat loan at C
per cent.
PACIFIC-AVE. MANSION.
South «lde (No. 2719) Pacific ave., 142 feet
west of Scott st.: lance, elezant modern resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath; reception halls. In-
laid floors, cedar closets, etc.; lot 27:6xl27:8H'
feet; terms, one-auarter cash, balance on flat
lean at 6 per cent.
* PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North slfle (No. 2530) Washington St.. 47
feet east of Steiner et.: an elegant, attractive
residence. 9 rooms and bath: sun and Uyht In
every room: elegantly decorated; large lot, 44x
1£7:S»4 feet.
j- t LAKE VIEW HOME.
Northwest corner of De Montford and Jules
eves.; a modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath;
high basement, stationary tubs, etc.; one block
from Mission st, cars; lot 112:6x160 feet:
terms, one-cruarter - cash, balance on flat loan
at 6 per ceat.
SOtTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Northeast eide (Nos. 243-245-247) Harriet st..
225 feet southeast of Harrison Et.: five flats.
3 rooms each. In rood condition; rents $54 per
Bionth: large Jot, 50x75 feet.
FTJLTON-ST. CORNER.
Northeast corner Fulton Bt. and Parker ave. ;
Ietec unimproved corner lot. level and ready
for bulldinir; McAllister-et. cars pass this
property; will be sold In subdivisions; lot 109:8
xl28:10*4 feet.
RICHMOND LOT.
West line of Cook St.. 300 feet north of
Point Lobes ave.; a fine, level lot. ready for
building; street sewered, macadamired. etc.;
lot 25x120.
OCEAN VIEW HOME.
North side (No. 206) Minerva st-. 65 feet
vest of Capital st.; a well-built cottasre. 4
rooms and bath; la good condition; lot 25x100
Jeet. i
ALSO •
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital sts^:
a fine, level lot. ready for building:: 55x100
feet: terms, one-auarter cash, balance on flat
| loan at 6 per cent.
L EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
L> ; . : ..U • ¦ 638 Market st
f ilANHATTAlC LOAX COMPANY One).
7th Floor. Crocker Building.
$500 Cash, balance easy payments; cottage
and large lot; No. 823 Twenty-ninth
Bt.. near Church; street bltumlnired;
cars pass property; building in first-
class condition; bank will loan $1400
on this property; a bargain for some
one; sold by order of mortgagee; offer
v.E.r.ted; open for inspection Sunday
between 2 and 3 p. m.
$300 to $500 down will purchase an up to
date cottage in any part of the Mis-
sion: we have, a large list of new cot-
tages, modern in every respect; taken
for mortgages at half the real value;
will sell for amount of mortgage on
terms to suit purchaser.
$15 500 — Rent $1500 per annum; one-third cash,
balance at bank Interest; three mod-
ern houses of 10 rooms each] in first-
class shape; wooden mantels and all
modern /conveniences; a bargain at
J20.O00; Bold by order of mortgagee
for less than amount loaned; lot 60x
137:6 feet; O'Farrell «t., near Web-
Eter; buildings could be easily changed
into flats.
MANHATTAN LOAX COMPANY,
7th Floor. Crocker Building.
IF you have any vacant lot north of Vallejo
st" and from Van Ness ave. put as far as
Lyon et., and you -want to sell it, then call
on the undersigned for an immediate buyer;
either a subdivision or a CO-vara lot. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California et.
l ANOTHER residence wanted to purchase
>' north of ViJl»jo,ft. or ob »nj- of th» cromm
streets from Van Ness ave. to Lyon et. The
* undersigned had two buyers for a property
just sold -within that section, a cash pur-
chaser; if you have anything to offer submit
It. W. J. GUNN. 630 California gt.
HAVE you a lot to exchange for corner lot.
53x108, on Alcatraz ave., block from San
Pablo ave.. Golden Gate, Oakland; close to
schoolhouse and station; value t f>00; will pay
$500 to $1000 cash difference. L. H.
11OISE, 320 Sansome Bt.
JOSEPH STRAUB, '
S50 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected.
BARGAIN — Fine sunny cottages, 6 rooms and
all modern improvements; high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
81ft sts. ; see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
S FLATS. 0, 6. 7 rooms, and cottage in rear 5
ronmf. on Pierce St.. near Haipht; cheap. In-
quire 2-"£ Pierce et. : no agents.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
ar.fl finished basement; on sunny ««ide street.
310 Jersey st., near Noe.
CiOOO CAFH and $37 SO month buys new home
¦ : . near Golden Gate Park; send for book on
"Homes." WM. P. TODD. C30 Market st.
?3C>0— SACRIFICE; nice flats; Liberty st.;
- - rhoic? location: well rented. Owner, box
r. :x:<j. (xn office.
( f2'Xi CASH — New modern 4 rooms and bath
A cottage; ea?y terms. Utah et.. near Elght-
¦^ epnth.
:..-.". $T.'rfjO — FOR tale, business corner grocery with
~ S living rooms and stable; 9-room flat above.
: : J. P. FAIVRE, 2304 Fulton et,
$7<»K;_ PRESIDIO Heights residence. THE
ttcCABTHT CO.. e« Market st.
FOR Sale — 2SjcS4; double house; 16 rooms and
bath, at 978 Pine st,
$1100 — HOUS-E. 5 rooms, bath; sunny corner
valued $1600; easy terms. Ill Montcalm st,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
REAL ESTATE— CO CXTRY — For Sale
£AN MATEO — Good land cheap; one-acre lots,
5-acre lots; city blocks at acre prices; in
Redwood City. 3 minutes' walk from new de-
. pot and Courthouse; rich, deep coil; great
oske; Improved avenue; prettiest offering on
peninsula; double track; all trains stop; best
propeit y for least money; don't trait; come,
we us. WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY. €3* Market et.. and San Jose.
try good land — 10-acre home. Santa Clara
Valley, near depot; rich, deep loam; 1000
acres being planted now to refistant vines;
SlfX) cash and $12 75 monthly buys 10 acres;
owners will plant and care for land if desired;
aetcnty sales in four months to seventy frugal
people w ho are building ! productive homes
in th* suiiFhine of Santa Clara Valley; call or
tend £or catalogue. WOOSTER, WHITTON
fc MONTGOMERY, C34 Market Et.
Wm WILL buy a $25,000 fruit ranch at Au-
Xhurn, Placer County, this month; elegant Im-
proverrents; CO acres fruit tn prime condition;
brinr* *r.5OO tome years: ee« us quick. E. N.
EX?,;AXij & EON. rm. 4, 10th floor.Mills big.
' I3S.C00 WILL buy a ranch worth $90,000, near
Ner-a rijrfct now; don't wait. E. N. EM-
MQXS &j^jy. room 4. 10th floor. Mills bldg.
RANCHES— All kinds, tiz.es. prices: Improved
and ur.iim>rr>v«r<3: throughout North Calif or-
nis - **V*&aaXi in Sonoma. Mendocino, Lake
and ...apa auntie*; come to see us for point-
ers: lin full ar.d complete. E. N. EMMONS
& SON. roorn_^ f loth floor. Mills building.
——FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Fm»ll tracts. %m t o $30 per acre, on Rancho
«_otati. Bor.cma Co.; future value assured, as
Fan 1-rancif.co is crowing rapidly; location
b^ t «-L or P° uUr y a n<l general farming. Apply
to The Cot£tl Co.. 302 California et.. for
riamphl'U and information.
$C00 — A SNAP: SO acres in Amador Co.. 2 miles
from town; :;o seres alfalfa land; abundance
of v.atcr: 10 acres In orchard; house, barn,
frnrlr.K: worth of wood C F MOORE,
;<::.*) iTaiket et., room 6.
fcwtS'coSfcSnty" 11 '* 114 "^
P^'gCrfcMPorncef' "v D ° a * ent "-
PROFITABLE orance, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money- easy
payments. HEALY A: CARR. 6 Eddy 'st. '
"WE have several fine fruit ranches to exchange
for eity or Oakland property. HEALY- &
CARR. <J Eddy St.. 6. F.
A SMALL dairy ranch in Berkeley; good-pay-
ing nute. For full particulars call or ad-
dr<«-' -l^i Sutler fct., San Francisco. . -
i I'Ol ;i.'l'l! V «nd dairy ranches all kinds: send
"m mnp tor free list. C. R. Wlnfleld. Petaluma.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk et.. near Market—
£bonlnser. Schubert and Stein way bargains.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '
"^ ; TLocal Llm"d Ovrl'd Local
I Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•'.Merced.'. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Vlsalta.. 3:3Op... : 5:00 a
•• Bakersfd 6:16 p 5:20 p <:45a .......
••Kan.Clty....... 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago. ....... 2:16 p 9:00 p|
a lor morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnalr Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class . passengers. No secord-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. rn. Is Stockton, Merced and
Freano local. Corresponding train arrives
at 12:30 p. m. dally.
. 8 P m.~ is the - Overland ; Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00. p. m.
daily. -.-> ?-.'.- ¦ ~ -' ¦• ' - v
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
¦ Offices— C41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 j Broadway,
Oakland.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sa usal i to Ferry : .' "/^ "
4 Commencing: September 3!9, 1801 ¦¦
FROM SAN FRANCISCO -TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN. RAFAEL.- , V~~Z , ...
WEEK DAYS— 0:55, 8:30/ •8:30. 11:00 a. m .¦
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6.15. 6:45 p. m.
'¦ EXTRA TRIPS— For. Mill ..Valley and -San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays ? and Satur-
days at 0:30 and ll:4O p. m. ¦.'•
' SUNDAYS— •8:00. »10:00. '11:30 a. m.. M:15
3:15, *4:45. «:30, 9:J0 p.m. --.- - . .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— '5:25. 0:27. 7:45, 8:35. 10:10
a m.. n2:25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EIXTBA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— C:15. •S:00.»l0:00. '11:45 a.m..
•1:40. »3:15, 4:45, »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISC6.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 0:45. 7:55. 8:65. 10:3u
a m.. 12:S5. 2:45.. 3:50. 5:10 p.m. •• ¦ , --
" EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 -and 10:35 p. m. • ¦¦
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15.
3:^0. 5:00, : 0:45 p.m. - -'
THROUGH TRAINS.
C:^ a. m. "week days— Cazadero and way
i stations. - ¦ - ' '
;-;¦ 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
I stations., - , "
I • 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mltls- and way
stations. ,
Legal Holiday beats and trains will run on
Sunday; time.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
I- *¦... OF OViiK—
100 "CdW 9 HORSES
First consignment from D. Miller. Modoa
County, and consists of the fines*- looking,
soundest and best boned horses ever shipped to
this city. They are suitable for all purposes.
They weigh from 1150 to 1500 lbs each, ages
range from 5 to 8 years. All solid In color,
gentle and broke to drive. Come and see them
.and te convinced. They most be sold, no re-
serve. These horses are now on exhibition at
the Exchange. - ¦
SALE TAKES PLACE TO-DAT.
MONDAY. ... FEBRUARY 10, 1902
Commencing at 10:30 a. m, '"•V
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,-
721 Howard Street, Near Third. San Francisco.
: WM. O. LAYNO. Livestock Auctioneer.
fe £* £*
Don't miss our Regular Auction Sales of all
classes of Horses. "Wagons. Surreys. Buggies.
Carts, Harness and Saddles. Sales positive
every TUESDAY at 1140 Folaom it.. 11 a. m.
EAHWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trivia* lt«T» mb«1 ar* •!¦• »• «rri* • at
SAN VUABIC1SVO.
• ' (Main Uae. Foot of Market 3tr— 1) "
tMAtu — FiomDmphii «. IW. — AJUBTaj
7rf*A BanMa, Suban, Elnura tad Bmxv
. • BMBtO «lM#
?rfi«A VMariUe, Wbtan/BamMy ?iM»
1 lit* a Msrtliws, San It » moo. VaUaJo. 2Up*>
CaUatog* tad Saata Ross, «tS3»
••«• a IHtU. Woodland. Knlgate Land Int. . ¦
M«xjrt¥ille, Oro»Ule_ Ti33»
•hm»» Atlantis Kxpiess Ogden and Baa* ••*»*
•«««U Hlloa, lAthrop. Stockton...... 7t*it
•tO«*KUta, Mondou. Hasted. Vksjfe,
MWl Bhasto Kxoren-Dai liWIllUsM h a*
Bartlatt Sprinm). WUlowa. Bad
Bluff. Portlmni... 7i9*»
¦•»•* 8*ii Joio. Ll-rermoc*. Staekton.
. -. lone. Haeramento, Flaenrrllla,
M « r, 1 1 Ille. Chloo. Ito.l Blnlt 4 iS3»
•«»0 a O»kd»!e, Chine**, 8emora, Tuotmnn* 4i33f
tn»» a H»j wmrd. NUdud Way Stations.. 1 1 iU*
•*»•>* Vaiiejo la>*3»
•Ml* a Los Annie* Bzpnaa — Marlines.
Tnor. Latarap. HtooktoB. Ueroed
Freauo *nd Loa Anselca TiHl
•ill© A TaUelo. Marline* and Way Station* 7>»a»
¦ •mo* Tha Overland UmJted-Ogdan, D#a-
rer. Omaha. Chicago »i23»
flivor 8aera>n*iito Kifer tfi«»uier» \lli99»
•¦••r Benleia, Wlntata, h»or»m«nio. ¦
Woodland. Knfghta ]*ndh>b
M»rjr»»IIU, Oroville IO:03 %
•«••* Hajward. Nile* and Way Statlona.. 7iOS*
4tt*r Martinax. Han Ramon. VulUJo, •
N»|M. Callstoga. Santa Itota...... ¦iSSf
4rf>Or Nile*. LJTannora, Stockton, LodU. I».M»
4i«»rH»rw»rd,M!e»,Hrtn.ln.a, li»»rmor« IS-3J*
«:ItOrT)i<» O«l Limited — F>*sno, Tularo,
. BakarsBald. Baurw for Saut* Uax-
bara, Loa Anceloa StM*
«•«>•* Pork Costa. Tracy. Lattrop. Stockton I •tSO*
Oiooi- M»rtlnn. Antioeh, Stock ton. JXer-
oed.Frwno lliM»
•lO«r Ha/nnr.l, Nile* »ad San Joi«.. ?<3Sa
f«iO*r Vallejo lli*3*
•i4>*r Oriental Mail— Ogden, DonT*r,
Omaha. Si. Lotda. Chlcafo 4i**«
VtfMz^Oregon and California K*i>re». Has.
nimenbi. Marj*«l!I*. ICbiIiIIhc.
1'ortlaiMl, I'm |et Hound ami Katt StSC*
¦ aVIBrSan Pablo, Port Coata, MarUnea
and Way Htatlou* 1I.M*
_f»oar ValM» 7iaa»
COAST L.INE (lUrron U«mr*).
(Foot of Mn rkei Street.)
•«:IRa Neiraik.CeutartUla.ManJoaa.l'itlton, "
Uonldor Or «ak.flaiit» Ciux and Way
Stations StMB
tOflSr Kewark Oei.terrille. San ,To»e, Nv*
Alinaden. Faiton. HoiUdsr Creak,
Banta Crns ami l'rinaipal Way
Stations tniHm*
€i!li»r Newark, Han ,lo««. Lou Gatoa tSiSO*
a*. lop Hnnten' Train— Sin Joio and Way
; Stations r7.»*>i
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
tnm i5AJ filSCISCO— Fool of tbtxttt 3irt«t (Slip 8>—
fV:!5 9:00 11:00*. u. 1:33 3:34 Q:18r.SJ.
flisillIUaf— r««l*rBr*«<«»T.— ftf:OO *3;00 UM
10:0Q*.M. lg:CO 2.03 «:C3r.M. -
COAST LINE (llroa.l (lanjfs).
(ThlrJ mid Townwid St».)
. 0s I »a San Joae and Way .MUtiun*. S>4*X -
?:<t*A H*n .)<.«« ami Way 8Uti»na fSi***
/7i<»»ANew Al.in.lr / Hl*»
•1 DO* Coast Line Limited — Ban Jose,
Gi'r»-y. Salinas. 8ai> Luis Obisp<\ ,
hant* I>*rbara. I»< Acgelra and
- ertneipal intermediatestationa.... lOi-tfla
B'OOa Hiii .!...«. Ties I'iDoa. Haute «;rii«.
> ¦ . ranlij« Untt, ralinaa. flan Lnls
Obispo mill Principal iiiiermedlata
,Si«ti..m ... -¦ 4il*ff
1*i3Oa Sen Jcae and W*y St»lion».. >•::{««,
• llUlA Mail Jn»t> >nl Vint Nlntlnn* Bt-tCA
4»>l»p Han Matrn. Uniwooil. Mrnlo Park. >
Tal« Alto. Santa OUra, HuiJ<«*.
Trra Pinos, Kaiita r'rnz, Salinas.
Mimierey kimI I'aelHe (irnTs (10113*
S>3Or Man.ln*eand Wiy 8t*tlnns. ltS*V
<4ilAr San.Ii.M»»ii.l rrii.oiral Way Station* StS*V
4 slo? Snnart J fznited — Mondays, Wednen-
dtys. Friday, for 1*4 A ngele*. EI
Paso New Orleans and New York.
¦ " ' Arrive* Sundays. Tuesdays snd
Thnrsdars l*itS»
tS:OOr Sun vI<m<% Lus Gatos and Principal
Way Stations...-. <H:O*»
S>:;or RanJow >n.l 1'rinelpal Way Station* «>3*V
«::;•»!• .-ai. .ion- an.) Wur.Statiiniii 7-.X90
ViOOr Kew Orleans Eiprem — Han Lois
Obispo. r*anfca JUrnara, Los An-
gele*. D-mlnir. Ei Paao, New Or-
lesn* and K»*» 7:3*) fc
•UHI.tr San .Im^iwi.l Way Station* ?i3f
A for Mi>rn)nc 1* for Afternoon.
tRniKtay •xc»i>tod. ! Hnnd»r only.
_a Si.tiirrta » only. / Tuesdays and Fridark.
CilJF02faA KORTHWESTEIaN ET. COL
%.?'*': LiEJSSEJESS
SAM FRANCISCO AND HOBTH PAClfi.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburpn Ferry. Foot ot MarKet St.
Snn Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEX DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. xn.;
12:45. 3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40.
S:Oa. 8:25 p. m. - -
Leave I* In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 23. 1001 1 San Franclsca
Week t Sun- I j Sun- I Week
Dayit. I ¦ days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30a.m 8:00am Novato. . 10:40am 8:40am
3:30iim 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:23am
5:10t'm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 8:20pm
•: - Fulton. • -
7:30am Windsor, - 10:25am
5:00pm Healdstmrgr, 10:40am . .
Lytton,
Geyservtlle, - ' *,.•' .
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 -30am I i 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm S :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:08pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:00am! ll0:40amjl0:25ara
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. [ 7 :35pm | 6:2Opra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton, for Altrurla ; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geyaers; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey-
vllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Eartlett . Springs; at UkTah for Vichy-
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Ll«rley p a.
BuckneU's, Sanhedrln Heights. HullvUle. Orr"s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. .
Westport. Usal. ' Wlllits, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, ScotU
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced, rates. -= ¦ ¦-•*¦»¦•
On Sundays round-trip- tickets to all points .
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Chronicl*
WHITING. R. X. RTAJC ¦'
v Geh. Manager. - Gen. Pass Ajrt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Ltave Via Sansalito Ferry Arrive
- San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9-30 A. 8:00a. . tMmiMt >.,«. M 1M 1.00 r. J»;45 a.
SSEJSt^&T-SEaSS
l:15p.*- *•'•*?'»•'* (5:55 r. --
'- : ,< r»t». 8a rri««W ¦ to 5«m»lt tad lUtnre. t\ *X
TUkttOmtm, «H MXMSXZ fOXTt mi UXUSMIXXO 1XXXX.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAUJfY ST. Established
In IS34 for the treatment nt J'rlvHt*
Dispnses. Lo*t Manhood. Debility or
<tiM>as<* wearlniT on body ami mind and
Slcln Diseases. Th« Doctor cure* when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrei arnarnnleeaJ. Call or writ**
Dr. 1'. *\ UIBBQ X. Uao JTrmcisco. Cal. .
ROOMS AND BOARD "WANTED.
WANTED — Small furnished flat or suite in pri-
vate family with board: Panhandle district;
no children. Box 3639. Call office. ¦ ¦
ROO3IS WANTED.
WANTED — By you«r lady, furnished room,
near town. Box 3618. Call. '
RUPTCRE SAKITARIPM. _^ '
RUPTURE . CURE— TREATMENT FREE.
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 1206
Market st..- rooms S and C; new system. "¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 5B80.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
patrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
pairing; loweBt rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 0713. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Ml«-
sion Bt.,; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market sU;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storag-e and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 261.
TYPEAVRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GRRAlc^ARaAlN¥1[N^T^PEWRlf"ER"s"-^We
sell better machines for. less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, R36 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors -.estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
16, second floor, Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. February 4, 1902.— Dividend No. 197,-
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Co. will be payable.
' at the office of said company, room 16, sec-
ond floor. Mills building, on February 15.
1902. Transfer books will close on February
9. 1902. at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 88. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the s Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
' payable at office of company, rooms 202. 204.
206 Hay ward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1902. Transfer books close Feb. 3,
1902. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
1 . PROPOSAjLS. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January" 13, 1902. —
Sealed proposals, in . triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, Febru-
ary 13, 1902, and then opened, for construc-
tion of three Iron Storehouses at the Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (Including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application to D. D.
WHEELER. Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M. - - -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of 'per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FREETHY— In this •city, January 15, 1002, to
the wife of George W. Freethy, a daughter.
PASQUALE— In this city, February 9, 1902. to
the wife of Ed V. Pasquale. a daughter.
TVrArVBIEDT
DOUGLAS— CONNELL— In Oakland, February
9, 1902, by the Rev. Mr. Van de Mark, James
J. Douglas and Maude A. Connell, both of
San Francisco.
DIED. *
Attlnger, Christian Hinds, William
Angelo, Philips Hanegress, Adele
Bramson, Arry H. Hotte, William F.
Baker. Richard J. Ives, Charles W.
Cronln, Margaret A. Imelli, Max
Coughlan. Daniel Judd, Wllhelmlna
Chamberlln. Edw. G. Lonergan, George M.
Donahue. James . Lyons, Ellen
Dunn, Catherine McCann, Mary A.
de Guigne, Mary P. Monaghan, Patrick
Garside, Catherine O'Malley, Charles
Glenn, Walter M. Obram, Elizabeth
Graham, Julia Phllllpps, James R.
Gast. Fredrick Smith, Eugene E.
Harvey, Mary L. Stevenson, George
Hennig, Katie Tormey, Fannie E.
Hlllard. Ruth M. s Thrift, Henry
ATTINGER — In this city, February 9, 1902,
Christian, dearly beloved husband of Annie
L. Attlnger, father of Anita and Willie At-
tlnger, brother of Mrs. Charles Jensen, and
son-in-law of Mrs. Marcarethe Heinze, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 36 years
and 9 days. A member of Golden Gate Camp
No. 64. Woodmen of the World, and San
Francisco Schwaben Vereln.
(CFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 412 McAllister street, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue, thence to San
Francisco Turn Vereln Hall. 323 Turk street,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Cremation, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ANGELO — In this city, February 8, 1902,
Philips Angelo, /beloved husband of Frances
Angelo, a native of Kentucky, aged 51 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 9 Salmon street, off Pacific, between
Mason and Taylor. Interment' Laurel ' Hill
Cemetery.
BRAMSON— In this cUy, February 8, 1902
Arry H.. beloved husband of the late Ellen
Mary Bramson, father of Benjamin ' F. '
Bramson, and stepfather of Mary Glbney, a
native of Hamburg, Germany. •
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
February 10. 1902. at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524
Stockton street, thence by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets for Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
BAKER — In this city, February 0, 1902, Rich-
ard James, beloved husband of Louisa Baker
and brother of Mrs. Jessie Lee. a ¦ native of
Eneland. • aged VI years 3 months and 18
days. A member of Court Bohemian No
8023. A. O. F. '
CRONIN — In this city, February 7, 1002 Mar-
garet A.; wife of the late James Cronin, and
mother of Mary J. and Peter F. McArdle and
Marsaret A. and Julia Cronln, a native of
Comity Armagh, Ireland, aged 40 years and
. 5 days. -•
E7The funeral will take place to-dav
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,, by 11 -30
o'clock train . from Third and Townsend
streets. . . -
COUGHLAN — In this city, - February 7, 1902
Daniel . Coughlan, a native of Ireland, ared
67 years $ months and 30 days. .• ' ™
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue
thence to St. Peter's Church for services
commencing • at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros« Cemetery.
CHAMBERLIN— In this city, February. 9 19O'»
Edwin G.. beloved husband of Sostener and
father of Edwin G. Jr., Samuel, Charley and
Bella ¦ Chamberlln. a" native of Saekett Har-
bor, N. Y., aged 64 -years. 5 months and 3
days. • '. v. .
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. .
(Successor to Flajinaran A Gallaener.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS
20 Fifth «.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
«AX S BRUNO HTLL8.
CFFXE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HgyPEItSOX. Manager.
. KEW r-IKM Or 5 UrsDlS.C T AKBRS. I
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company fqr IS
years; P. F. Green, late wlth'J. C.-O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Klghth. Telephone South 44. .-
REMOVED! _/
mcGlNOi BROS.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 220 McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy rt. TM. South 252.)
teBEiATIQHSIO.
THE UNDERTAKERS AND GENERAL
public • are ¦ hereby notified that the price for
cremation at CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
is now $10. ...
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Ass'n;
;..;... ¦ • 1«H MARKET ST. 1
dence. 651 Vallejo itreet, thence to Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ,
DONAHUE— In this city, February 8, .1002,
• James,' beloved husband of Annie • Donahue,
and father of James Donahue, r Mrs. S. T.
Nichols, Mrs. *W. Nolan and the • late Annie
and Joseph Donahue, a - native of, County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 81 years.
£¦ ID'Frlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at . 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 312 Lily avenue, between Oak and
Page Laguna and Buchanan streets, thence
?o Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
high mass will' be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 0:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy |
Cross Cemetery. *.
DUNN— In this city. February 9, 1002, Cath-
erine Dunn, widow of the late P. F. Dunn,
and teloved mother of Charles A., William i
H., J. V. Dunn and Mrs. L. Gibbons.- • •
(ETNotice Of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. .
de GUIGNE — In Pasadena, February 9, 1902
Mary Parrott. wife of Christian de Gulgne,
and daughter of the late John Parrott.
Eyinterment private. ; .' ¦..--
GARSIDE— In this ci'.y, February 7, 1902,
Catherine Mary, beloved wife of Joseph P. -.
Garside, and mother of Mrs. William R.
Hamilton, Mrs. James H. Smith. Daniel J.
Garside, Mrs. Edward F. Flinn and Thomas
P., Kate. Sadie and the late Maggie Garside.
a native of County lleath. Ireland, ased bO
years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
EXFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
t fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 0:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 322
Main street, thence to Bt. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
¦ roencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. (Cemetery. . . . < , • ;
GLENN— In this city, February 8, 1902, Wal-
ter Miles, beloved son of Walter L. and Alice
E. Glenn, and brother of Myrtle D. Glenn,
a native ¦ of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 22 days. - N -
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home of
his parents, 336 Valley N street, between San-
chez and Noe. Interment private. -
GRAHAM — In this city, February 8, 1002,
Julia, beloved wife of the late Edward B.
Graham, and aunt of "Mrs. F. Backe. a na- |
tive of London, England, aged GG years. 10
months and 21 days. ' . .
CTTriends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1 Latham place, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem hign
mass will be celebrated for »he" repose of hex
soul-commencing at. 9:30 o'clock/Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by 11 :30. o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. ,.'„¦-.
GAST — In West Berkeley. February 8, 1902.
Fredrick Gast, a native of Lancaster, Pa.,
aged 77 years 4 months and 23 days.
HARVEY— In this city, "* February 8, 1902,
Mary L., beloved wife of the late* Joseph
Harvey, and mother of Joseph,- Edward,
Nellie, Walter, Blanche, Frank and the late-
Irene Harvey, a native of California, aged
12 years.
tC7"The funeral will take place . to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor •& Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of -her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private In Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. ' ' •*-
HENNIG — In this city, February 7, 1902,
Katie, beloved wife of John G. Hennig, and
mother of George A. Wettmann, Mrs. G.
Bazelotte and Frank Glltner, a native of
Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany. A • member of
Norddeutscher Frauen Verein, Deutscher
Frauen Unterstutzungs Vereln and Justice
- Circle No. 104, C. O. F.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 11, 1902, at 9 o'clock, from her
late residence. 2522 Chestnut street, near
Baker, and thence to St. Paul's German M.
E. Church, Broadway, i between Stockton and
Powell streets, where services will be held
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.;
MEMBERS of Justice Circle No. 104, C. O. "F.,
will attend the funeral of our late companion,
i Mrs. HenniK, from her late residence, 2522
Chestnut street. Tuesday.
MRS. J. LOPEZ. C. C.
MRS. P. J. LANGENBACH, Fin. Sec.
THE members ' of the Norddeutscher Frauen
Verein are requested to attend the funeral
of their ' member, Mrs. Kate Hennljr, to
take place from St. Paul's German - M. -E.
Church, Broadway, between Stockton and
Powell streets, where, services will be held,
commencing at 10 o'clock.
MRS. M. IPSEN, President.
HILLARD — In this city, February 9, 1902,
Ruth Mildred, beloved child of J. • F. Hil-
lard and the late Katherine 'Hlllard, and be-
loved sister of Ramona pillard, a native of
California, aged 2 years « months and 15
days. •
HINDS— In this city, February 8, 1902, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Hinds, a native of Limerick, Ireland, aged
6C years 8 months and 8 days.
CyThe funeral -will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 615 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, ' where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated- for - the reuose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦- Kindly omit flowers.
HANEGREBS — In Oakland, February 9, l»/)2,
Adele, beloved wife . of Martin Hanegress,
mother of Henry Hanegress, and slater of
Anna and Conrad Evers, a native of Bremen.
Germany, aged 31 years 7 months and 27
days. ¦ •¦ . * ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
[£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 885 East Fourteenth
street. East' Oakland. Cremation, Odd -Fel-
lows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
HOTTE — In this city, February 8, 1902, Wil-
liam F.' Hotte, beloved brother of George
Hotte, a native of Germany, aged 62 years
' 6 months and 22 days. ' ¦
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maabs, 017- Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
IVES — In this city, February 9, 1002, at his
late residence, 666 Geary street, Charles ,W.
Ives, dearly beloved husband of Annie M.
Ives, beloved son of Frances M. and the late
Abljah Ives, only brother of Harry L. Ives,
and son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hahn.
a native of Troy, N. Y., aged 42 years 6;
months and 30 days.
IMELLI— In this city, February S, 1902, Max
Imelli, a native of Aachen am Rheln. aged
59 years and 10 months. • A member of Ve-
rein Kintracht.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1200 Mission street,, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JUDD— In this city, February 8, 1002, Wllhel-
mina Judd, beloved wife of the late R. Oscar
Judd, and mother of R. Oscar, Edward D.,
Jennin and Alvin W. Judd. Mrs. J. Gaestel
and Mrs. Louis Martin, a native of Saxony,
Germany, aged 07 years 8 months and 23
days. . . ¦ ' '- -•- •
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 1 funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ' 968 Jackaon street, between Powell
and Mason. Interment. Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriare.
LONERGAN— In this city, February 7, 1002,
Gcoice M. Lonenran, beloved father of Ed-
ward George, Pierce Tobin, Mary Margaret
and Joseph John Lonergan. a native of North
Adams, Mast!., aged 45 years 11 months and
22 days. - \
C7"Frien3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at tt:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue, j
thence to Bt. Mary's Cathedral, where a re- ¦
quiem hisrh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 35. Y. M. I.— Mem
bers ore urgently requested to assemble at
. the undertaking parlors. of Carew & English;
at 9 o'clock <5h Monday to attend the funeral
of our 'esteemed brother. George M. Loner-
gan. J< B. QUEEN, President.
C. L. EBNER. Secretary.
LYONS— In Oakland, February 0, 1902, at
1220 Eighth avenue, Ellen Lyons, beloved
mother of Mrs. W. J. Johnston of Oakland
and Owen Lyons of Bayonne, New Jersey,
a native of ' Ireland, aged 82 years.
McCANN— In this city. February S, 1902, Mary
A., beloved daughter of James and Alice Mc-
Cann, and sister of James R. McCann, a na-
tive or San Francisco, aged 22 years 1 month
.and 7. days. •¦.¦ -.-¦•: . . N . ..
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday)/ at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty. &. Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for. services at 10:30 o clock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery..
MONAGHAN— In this city, February 8, 1902
Patrick, beloved brother of Daniel Mon-
aghan, and. uncle of Daniel, Andrew and
Walter Monashan and Martin J. O'Neill, a
native of County. Ca van, Ireland,, aged 62
' - years. . - . - ' • ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' '. :.
CTRemalns can be seen at the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, until 8 p. m. to-day. Interment
Mount Sterling, 111. •, '
O'MALLEY— In i this city, February 8. 1902,
Charles, husband of the late Anne O'Malley,
. a native -of County Clare, Ireland, aged Co
years. ¦ ' • ' ¦ ' ,
ttTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:15 o'clock, from the parlors
' of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mlrslon street,
thence to St. James Church,, where a requiem
hleh mass will be .. celebrated for the repose !
of. his soul at 0 o'clock. .Interment, Holy
Cross Cemetery..-, : :¦'•
OBRAM — In this city, February 8, 1902, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of Thomas g'
Obram, and mother.of Edith N.. Obram a
native of Shropshire, England, aged 45 years
' and 23 days.; r . i •
JET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend : the funeral * cervices
. (Tuesday), February 11, at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 70S Eighth avenue, Richmond
District. .Cremation at I. O: O. F. • Crema-
torium. .": . .
PHILL1PPS — In this city, : February 9, I9<y .
James R., beloved husband of .Christiana A*
¦- •¦ Phlllipps, brother of Thaddeus Phlllipps and
Mary A. .Freeman.; and uncle of Charles R
.Persona, a native of' Buffalo, "N. Y.;.aged OJ
years 9 months and 18 days.' ,- ¦ , ,o-~
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
3sHift^^^B^^^^^b^^ZiiVi^A¥^ J^aSyia£i5SBtfRKWBtA'»»i«r.i_ . .— mff-f¦ TrapMr** oil cures rheumatism and neuraJgU. i
DTVKKlstm. Me flask. - Richard & Co. «• <?»»/. '
Dr. Geo.Btallman. Dentist, J20 Butter st.»
Much . credit ': may be , due : to the ' ' wifo
who' does her own 'housework, but it
take3 money to, operate \the hired- ser
vant. ' V :.. : . ..-.'¦¦¦ - ' :¦"'¦*¦.-•¦¦*¦•. .1
During ,the> fifty-six years : of :its : exist
ence . the; Connecticut Mutual iifeiInsur
ance IConip'any : has r received .'from' its-ppl
icy holders, for premiums J216.751.123. It has
returned*, to- them or .their .beneficiaries
$214,279^20; . and its', expenses,; of J manage
ment have' been but- 9i 13 .' -per' cent of^ its
total, income. This is. a; showing -that j is
without an equal' In the* world of life'in
surance. ' management. , ; ITet i'.the '. policy,
holders of the- company .have,, absolute
safety- for. the future in the .'assets r of
more than $65,000,000 still in hand, ; this in
cluding, a surplus of more than $7,000,000.
There is positive safety in such a showing
and the policy holders can feel It. The re
sult has been accomplished without a re
sort to any of the tricky methods of in
surance. that are not insurance at all, but
gambles pure and simple. How It has
been brought about Colonel Greene shows
In his annual report, which is reproduced
elsewhere.; It Is a document that will
make some Insurance men squirm, for it
puts .wholesome truths about the business
in a manner that he who runs may 'read,
be he ever so unlettered in the myster
ies of; Insurance.-' No betteY 'lesson -as to
the limitations of life Insurance was ever
written. One does "not needto be a finan
cier to understand the dangers threaten
ing: some Insurance managers." ' Colonel
Greene points them; out clearly, -.certalnlyy.
and In the plainest of plain language. .
Kugene Antenen, the chef of the. hotel,
heard Hashimoto's cries as he fell to the
bottom and rushed down the stairs to pick
.?!"} U P- When • Antenen reached iHashi
i°w, th f' la tter was .apparently . lifeless
and bleeding profusely. Dr.- A.' NIshikata,
: 1 Vi? n t eo Physician. I who 7 lives In the
vf h . Dorh ood, was hurriedly summoned
and found that Hashimoto had vbeen in
jured Internally, and imany .of his bones
were broken. He also sustained a frac-
T r r e a^. the bas e of the brain. . -
Hashimoto; was taken to. the German
¦Hospital, where ;he breathed his. last
f.! 10 I after being admitted. Hashimoto
was about 27 years»of age and came from
Japan two years ago. . - •
Hashimoto ..was evidently ignorant of
the, fact that the elevator was not flush
with the floor. He picked 'up two empty
boxes and. walked, -as .he thought, on the
death. ' : L ''' plung?d downward to h:s
/ Jengl Hashimoto, a Japanese, who was
employed in. the kitchen' of the Hotel Sa
voy, fell'a distance of seventy feet down
the shaft of the freight elevator yesterday
afternoon ; and ' sustained injuries which
caused his' death several hours; later.: -
was paring, vegetables In the
kitchen on the .floor, of .'the hotel
Just before the accident occurred, and de
cided to send a number, of boxes down the
elevator to the lpwer floor. They elevator
was, at/ the.bottom: of the shaft at the
time,- and Hashimoto tugged at the rope
to bring it up. As It neared the floor on
which, the .Japanese was at work he pulled
on the rope to bring the elevator to a full
stop.' Ho did' not pull strong enough, how
ever, and the elevator continued to tho
floor above. ¦ . i
The following? representatives 'of Divi
sion No." 11. t Ancient Order of Hibernians,
were seatedr Jerome Deasy, John Mur
phy, Dan Collins, Eugene, D. Sullivan and
Bryan J. Nolan, ,-.-,.
Matters of importance, were discussed
during yesterday's session. Very few del
rsates were absent, and the business of
the convention was carried : on in an expe
ditious manner. " ¦? ¦¦ - -. - - . •
John Ganey moved that J1WD Tin '-tfye Hi
bernia Bank be transferred to' the Celtic
Unicn'and be "used lo aid in building an
Irish' hall/ - Iri speaking to the. motion
Richard C. O'Connor said he was in sym
pathy with It. but expressed -.the opinion
that the convention iiad no power in th«
matter— that the money. was. In charge of
three trustees, who had to' be. consulted.
He stated that the convention 1 had ¦ no
power over the money, but. the? trustees
might be willing to listen to any sugges
tion from the body, i He therefore : tub
mltted the following amendment: :
• Whereas, the convention of ' '95-03 ; donated
the uroceeds of the St. Patrick's.day.celebra
tion for the purpose of. forming a fund to be
used In building an Irish hall; and ' ' •-.,
Whereas, the funds so donated were intrust
• " ' - '.->"'>:.V ¦- - . ;, ! J ' -•; V
Executive — F. J. Kirce,. Terrence L,'.' Clancy.
Michael Casey. P. A.* BuGklcy, . Thomas ; P.
O'Dowd, M. McDermott, Rev,- Thome s F. Nu
gent. John J. O'Brien. .Cclonel Thomaa F.
Barry.' John J. O'Connor. Rev. "K. 'M.
OLooney. M. J. Htssion, JohnO'Oara. J. J.
Connlff, C J. CoIIlnp, ¦ John - Hennessr, Rev.
P. J. Keane, Patrick Flannlean. James Smith.
R. C. O'Connor. T. J. • Kenney, » Captain T. J.
Msllott. Rev. P. J. Casey and R. O'Driscoll. '
Ayditing— William Mulain^ Rev.' Charles Mc-
Mahon and^J. J. . Donohue. ; . ••¦ •¦/. ¦ •'. /: ¦
Chairman J. S. McCormick of , the St.
Patrick's day convention .yesterday an
nounced the committees that .will take an
active part In arranging the. knnual f cele
bration. He, selected rep'resentlves. from
the various organizations that 'have' ac
credited' delegates to 'the, convention. The
committees are ns follows: '. • ' *''. * , .
The California State Floral Society will
hold a spring exhibition in the grand nave
of the ferry building on Thursday. Fri
day and Saturday. May 8. 9 and 10. The
committee of arrangements asks the co
operation of . all growers and lovers of
flowers that the show this year may
eclipre all previous efforts on these lines.
Medals, diplomas and cash awards will
be made for meritorious displays.
California State Floral ZxMbition.
James M.-^Vard. 1 the veteran actor, was
elected an honorary member of; the con
vention. Mr. Ward was called upon, and
after thanking the delegates for the honor
conferred upon him recited an original
poem. ; entitled. "A Message ' From Ire
land." It was .full of pathos and humor
and was received with applause, v " ¦- ' '¦¦'¦
ed to three trustees,— William Mulvin, i J. : S.
McCormick and' John Rooney — and"- deposited
by them In the Hlbernia Bank to the amount
of S1000 or thereabouts; therefore bo It>J
Resolved, ',' That this convention reouests the.
trustees of said fund to turn the amount to.
their credit in the bank over to the -'Celtic
Unicn Hall. Association and that on -their hay
ing don* so. they are; released from all future,
responsibility,. ¦ .- . ;.:• ;,• • ',..:-,
In every village In the land, but particularly
in the larger cities, the temptations to Intem
perance are so strong that .it -Is -necessary to;
throw every safeguard around our boyirln or- '•
der that they may escape the. wiles of the de
mon of drink. In San Francisco. there are 94'
saloons to every 10,000 inhabitants. -or nearly
one for every 100 men, women and children. •
Eliminating; the women and .children from the
calculation we find that., there. Is nearly on» j
saloon 'here .for -every 'twenty men. In every
other city saloonsare plentiful.; but the larg
est average outside of this city is 40 saloons
to every- 10.CO0 Inhabitants. And yet when we
talk about reformation and • begin a warfars
against - this monstrous . liquor . traffic- people .
rise up asaln?t us and do all In their power
to prevent the accomplishment of our pur
pose. Steady application is required in order-'
to achieve success, and, thank God. the League
of the Cross has that quality . well developed.
There are now about 11,000 boys enrolled -in -
this society and their Influence for good In their '
family circles. must be prolific of good results.
will find that he speaks of drunkenness as .a
crime., and they who are .educated • to- it- can
not enter the kingdom of God. . ' " ¦...
. . Cities Offer Temptations.
PLUNGES DOWN
TO HIS DEATH
At the conclusion of the sermon the
cadets, with right hand uplifted, took the
pledge of temperance for the next twelve
months. -The benediction of the most
holy sacrament and the singing, of the
£e Deum" brought the service to a close".
The cadets then marched dfiwn Van Ness
avenue to Turk street, where the regi
ment was to have been reviewed by the
Archbishop. Owing, to the bad state of
the street, which 1 prevented extensive
maneuvering, this feature of the day's ex
orcises was abandoned. This was the
first parade of the regiment under the
new commander, and the appearance pre
sented by 'the cadets was creditable to
them as an organization.
V«Uhf., t i h f'% ke °f y, ou r »ves and souls remain
faithful to the principle of the society to which
you belong. Think of all that was done for our
sahation, which' was purchased by the blood
or the Lord Jesus Christ.. Be true to.your-
J es J maln ta'n\J-our principles at every coat
ana do not forget your solemn vows. Be
prayerful and conscientious and regret will
never be your portion. ,
CHAIRMAN NAMES
HIS COMMITTEES
Tou have not come here to -listen to a tem
rerance fonr.on folely. for your lives are ser
mons in themftlves: but you have come here
to renew your vows, to abstain from the uat
£f liquors of every kind during the next year.
ThlR is a solemn moment.- Tou are banded to
gether to cultivate, habits*. of -sobriety ' which
muFt tndure to th<? end of. your, lives; and in
crder to be rucccsssful in. this life and to se
cure blessings in the-llfe to : come. . the virtu*
of temperance must be constantly . practiced
If you will read the • eplEtle- -of ¦ St. ' Paul you
After solemn prayer arid~tHe'"sihging of
the "Ven! Creator.", the Archbishop ad
dressed the cadets briefly. "He expressed
his satisfaction at' the noble work accom
plished by the league during the last year
and said that the great interest shown by
the members and directors in their tasks
was worthy of unstinted "praise. Resum
ing, he raid: ¦ . : . ¦ .. • • ; ¦ .
father O'Ryan led the service. Father
Mulligan was master of ceremonies,
Father Dempsey officiated at the benedic
» u£? the most holy sacrament and the
Archbishop delivered the temperance ser
mon. . •-..-/ • ¦ ¦—. i ¦ i-
ARCH 2 I Tr S "° P PATRICKS. RIORDAN DELIVERING A SERMON ON TEMPERANCE TO THE ' > MEMBERS OF
Benjamin S. Hill, a mining man. was
found dead in l;ed In his room at the
Brooklyn Hotel, Bush 6treet. yesterdav
morning by a bellboy. The gas was turned
on fu!l r.nd 5t is supposed to be a* case
of Euicide. Hill had been sick for some
time and was a sufferer from insomnia.
He wts abcut 55 years of age and has a
sen living in this city. The body was
taken to the Morgue.
The body of Mary A. MeCann, a seain
rtress. 22 years of age. was taken from
2C2 Clara street to the Morgue yesterday
morning. Dr. Greon, her physician, had
refused to sign a certificate, owing to the
fact that he had only made one visit to
the patient. He notified the Coroner. In
quiry later elicited the fact that death
was due to typhoid pneumonia.
Jasper McICenzie of 340 Third street saw
the body cf a man floating In the bay,
close to the Folsom - street wharf,
about ¦ 7 o'clock yesterday morning!
It Tvas taken to the Morgue. The
body had been In the water for
about two Wfeks. In the pockets was
found a c?.r<? for the free clinic at 155 New
Montgomery street, with the address "D.
LcurrhraTi. 34 Minna street" written on
it. The latter address is that of one of
the cheap lod gins-houses raided by the
police early Friday morning, and Deputy
Coroner Brown ascertained that a lodger
cf thst ramo had been there about two
weeks ago. It is supposed that the man
committed suicide. • ¦ . . .
Euppcsed to Be That of D. Loughran.
Ber:j2£iin Hill, Mining Man,
Commits Suicide.
BODY OF A MAN FOUND
FLOATING IN TEE SA.Y
MANY CANDIDATES FOB
INSTITUTE TRUSTEES
Numerous Members Willing to Help
Manage the Affairs of the
' Mechanics' Library.
' The full list of candidates .' for . trustees
of . the Mechanics' Institute has been an
nounced. There are thirty-one candidates,
and as but seven- vacancies are to be
filled a lively contest is assured: The
annual election will be held February 25.
Following are the condidates: -.
¦ George Beanston. H. M; Black. Ernest Brand.
C. - W. Conlisk, Leo Cooper, James - K. Cos
grave, W. M. Cubery, John M. Curtis. Henry
C. Davis, John S. Drum, Patrick F. Dundon,
Tirey L. Ford. Edward A. T. Gallagher, E.
P. Heald, P. J. Healy. S. C. Irving. . H. C.
Klnne. John M. Klein. . C. S. Laumelster, A.
F. Lawton, James H. Lyons. Byron . Mauzy.
L. R. Mead, Thomas Morrin. Joseph Rosen
thai. C. T. Ryland, J. C. . 'Sala, ¦ Oscar T.
Shuck. R. J. Tausslff, George H. "Wallla, John
H. Wise. . " .
Of these George Beanston. James ' K.
Cosgrave, P. J. Healy, S. C. Irving, L». R
Mead. R. J. Taussig and George H. "Wallis
are on the present board of trustees.
Mr. Mills announced that on next Sun
day evening he would reoeat. by special
request, his lecture on "The. Tyranny of
the Dead."' which he delivered in this city
two years ago. . . ¦
Rev. Mr. Mills delivered a. lecture on the
subject "The "Women of To-Day", at the
First Unitarian Church at Oakland yes
terday morning. ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ,.- . ¦•
Woman should be neither "a slave, a' toy,' a
pet. nor a queen." but a human being.' The
remedy for the evils of .liberty is more liberty.
"Let them be free to think,' to act, to , live, to
study, to experiment, to exercise Judgment, to
assume responsibilities and be held 'responsi
ble." . " .......
In the evolutionary process, the greatest
merit Is with the latest production/ and if this
be bo the free woman will be the' crowning
glory of the race. And not only shall the
creative power be hers t6 build human bodies,
but she may bring to birth the higher naturp
of a better humanity. •
Should Not Be Slaves.
Take away the religious walls that shut out
the counsel and inspiration of women! .Let
us have less dogmatism and more of the spirit,
less eccleslasticlsm and more Intuition' in re
ligion. .
.Woman has been conservative on' account of
her hard • experiences ¦ which^ have made her
timid and cautious. Let her become initia
tive and help to make the new earth wherein
dwelleth Justice!
We hear that some women do not want their
freedom. As Channlng , said about the slaves,
"The less they want freedom, the more they
need it." ' And it Is a significant fact that
every great woman of America during the last
fifty years has been an advocate of economic
and political enfranchisement for women. It
is time for the 250,000 women teachers of
America to say to the young men they train,
"If we have sense enough to educate you, we
know enough to vote with you." Emerson
said. "All my points would be sooner carried
if women voted." "
Take away the political barriers! It'may be
that woman will not make a good politician
according to present standards. She may not
vote to protect crime and jobbery, or cringe to
the liquor power or any unholy financial in
terest. But even if she should be as bad or
incompetent as I we men. I say. give her a
chance to be free. If there are barriers be
tween her and any effort for humanity, let
them be real and not formed by the supersti
tions, the conceit, or the selfishness of men.
¦,It. Is ."contempt not reverence that has kept
man from allowing women to be free"; con
tempt and fear! ¦ ' ¦ •
Give Women a Chance.
I believe that the time has come when
W nT en K, 1 l houW "** « n "«ly free f rom Trtifl?ia"
this or that let it.be determined by natural
fl^ e « n i he . r part " nd not. "by regulations en
acted exclusively by men and belonging to an
outgrown state of society. There should be no
that women differ from men more than they
really do; they are alike in ten characteristica
where they differ in one. Their iSSSertvi"
Ire e e S ! are the , 6ame - And - l say. make woman
If we are to live aright, by following the
tendency of human development thin there
can be no question about our duty. Man him?
self can advance only as woman advances _ with
Some men seem fearful that <f res wnm«n
would^monopolize occupations unsuite^ 'to "thSS.
How do we know what Is unsuitable for them
until they have^had a fair chance to try / TakS
away all educational restrictions. Suimp the
?h« °i n a », te i S °\ * lesser education for women with
H?V?£ el of the w °rld's dark ages. I notice
that throne candidate elected to the Oakland
bchool Board with practical unanimity waaTi
woman. Two women, axe more influential in
SSSSSSf J£ e POllCy of our *«rr California
universities than any • men.
* Take away the economic barrier*! It may
be that women are not fitted for some of our
present economic practices. Maybe they would
not believe In cut-throat competition and rail
road wrecking and Wall street gambling and
stock watering • and uprlghteous monopoly
It may be they would find some way to im
prove a system under which one-tenth of the
people own more than one-half of the wealth
and ore-tenth of the Inhabitants of New York
and one-fourth of the inhabitants of London
are buried in the potter's field. It may be she
wauld really believe in brotherhood, not simply
to sing about in church but to practice in in
dustry and commerce.*
.Women Should Be Free.
As late as the sixth century the Christian
Council of Maeon seriously debated the ques
tion as to whether women have souls. In our
world of to-day, where all is new, we have
.also 'the new woman," new in her develop
ment and potency. She has made great
strides toward freedom, but still is bound, if
not enslaved, in many particulars. -
In the educational world many of the great
est institutions of Europe and America are
etlll closed to her. In the economic world
ro^ny barriers have been removed, but she is
still restrained by custom or- law from the
highest exercise of her talents. In politics
she Is still submitting "to taxation without
representation," and even the United- States
Government, whose charter of ireedom says
that Governments derive their just powers
fronrthe consent of the governed," has never
f^.ifi th ? "consent" of one-half of its most
intelligent citizens. In religion we have the
ludicrous spectacle of all the control being
iiv the hands of men and three-fourths, of the
devotees being women. ¦. , ¦
> The evolution of woman marks the progress
of civilization. Formerly the philosophers of
the Orient and the Occident. Hindoos, Mo
hammedans, Jews and Christians, united in
heaping contempt upon - woman. Plato said
ehe was "a disease." St. Jerome said "All
women are very evil and inspired of the devil."
Tertullian called her ;'the , gate of hell."
Erasmus said she wu "a stupid and silly ani
mal.". Judaism and 'Christianity have taught
that sin came into the world through woman.
Wife beating wa» lawful in England in the
nineteenth century and still is tolerated In
parts of Germany. An English ¦ woman was
legally a serf until 1882.
Benjamin Fay Mills lectured to a large
audience at Golden Gate Hall last night
on the subject "The Woman of To-Day."
He said in part:
Are gamblers a class of citizens to be in
vited here by special legislation? I say no.
Friends, these men will take more money out
of the city than they spend. The money
gamblers spend is in buying legislation, in cor
rupting officers and- courts and in silencing
newspapers. The police court, the prison re
cord, th? morgue and women's tears have
written the history of the Ingleside track whr'n
It was open in this city. The men who vote
for the reopening of the track will vote ci-n
erious cf the ruin that the racetrack has cre
fctea in this <"ifv
I ¦want to say that the women and children
and the moral and religious people of San
Francisco are a very considerable portion of
our cltlzensh:p. And I want to 6ay that the
ought to consider their interests
¦when they are engaged Jn passing laws Everv
cne of them will be Injured by the passage of
this bill. Every one of them, if they had a
vote would cppose the reopening of Ingleslde
IE this class unworthy cf consideration by the
lawmakers 7 I appeal to the Supervisors to
fcive us legislation for the women and children
of San Francisco. I say again that the vir
tuous rortion of cur citizenship have rights.
These women and children ought to be guarded
and protected by the legislative branch of our
Government. The Supervisors have wives and
children and in their name I call upon them
to stand to-morrow against the reopening of
Ingfleslde.
Virtuous Citizens Have Rights.
The proposition they are advancing is that if
»«^h V t :6 ?i lnK P^ ople wlU a "ra«ed here
and they ttui 6 pend money in our midst. That
»?n ak £-v mon ,* jr J out of the money they
w-111 spend >\"hat kind of money would it be?
It would be blood money. It would be money
rained out of the tears of the women of the
w£, * nd out of Ule bl00(1 of ou r citizens.
Will we turn over our city to gamblers and
pllfertrs. because, perchance, while they are
hc <u"? I L e E*? d a few <J«>»ars in our
inidst? Oh, I wish I had the privilege of talk
ing to the Board cf Supervisors themseives on
this Question.
The propowtion before the Board of Super
*isor« is id nast them privileges that will
•work TV.n 10 all the geed people of this city.
Now the railroad n-.an and the hack man arid
the fted n.an ere saying that they lose thou
tandfe of dollars annually by Ingleside being
cU»s«d. Artn-.ittea, but thank God the city has
gained in n-.crals. felicity that cannot be meas
ured by e cld. We pass laws that will pre
vent tobbtrs from lolling our hanks, therefore
the robbers have a i:ght to complain, as th.sy
Joee tii-jufands every year. These men ought
to c.r.:p;ain because Ingleside is closed— thj
rcbtiers ought to complain because they are
not granted the p:,viiege of robbing people
every year. -
Q*n»Utn» Imperils honert toll. It is the
enemy CM labor. It is indulged in simply to
uiftk« Btcaey and live without toil. I thersfore
b*llcx-e ..iat evtry laboring man ought to bs
opj« t-^ii 10 this mrfifure. Th!s country will
be v.-re'.ktd by the idl*rs, but Will be saved by
the tolie.K. Gambling leads to all kinds 0t
vice anJ brings tSiw upon a community. I
*jilitvt th.s ordinance should be opposed by
*v«rry man who loves his country. No law
chcuia <-\u be pass«l that works an injury to
the l+ofVr cf a community. The gambler is
a !««¦ breaker and as a class they have no
rights. Certainly they should have no privi
lege* because they bKng wreck and ruin to
gocd dtizerf.
Gambling Imperils Honest Toil.
-It !* time for the Beard of Supervisors to
aw&kea to its responsibilities. Good govern
ment is icunded on good morals. All good
fovtmnifM :r founded on good morals, there
fore I pray you. city fathers, do not under
min- tho tcundstion upon which pood govern
ment rettF. 'the strength of this in-eat repub
lic rest* ;n the virtue of her citizens. No law
i-hr-u.d ever b5 passed that lowers the standard
ct the people. If this measure is passed to
morrow jt will license people to make money
by eembHnjj. It will bring down the standard
of the pe'T-!e of San Franc.sco. '¦"¦*•
Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the Califcr
nla-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
last r.ight voiced his prottst against the
reopening of the Ingleside racetrack. He
preached an eloquent sermon denouncing
gambling, and pointed out its attendant
evils. Mayor Schmitz had been Invited to
attend the services, but owing to an im
portant engagement was unable to be
present. Dr. Bane did not mince words m
his address. He called upon the Super
vIsojs to save the' city from the gamblers.
He appealed to them in. the name or' the
reepe«. table element not to d-sgrace the
community by permitting the nerarlous
business to be carried on in their midst.
In j;art he spoke as follows:
When . the marching hosts ¦ invaded the
cathedral the solemn notes of the: organ
pealed forth .the stirring strains of. a vol
untary. In the meanwhile the al
tar space was occupied .. by the
acolytes and the clergymen v/hrt
were to conduct the service. His
Grace Archbishop Riordan sat at the left
of the altar with Rev. : Father Phillip
O'Ryan, while to the right were . Rev«.
Fathets E. P. Dempsey and P. 'Mulligan.
Services at the Cathedral.
THE spacious Jnterior.of- St. Mary'v
• Cathedral on Van Ness - avenue
¦ was crowded to its utmost capac
ity yesterday afternoon, when
thousands of young men who
make up' the League of the Cross renewed
their -vows to abstain from- the use of
intoxicating liquors during the ensuing
year. The ceremony accompanying the
pledge was a solemn one, and its im
presslveness was manifest by the signs
of emotion depicted in every face during
the service. ¦ . ..'•,"."
The various companies, fully uniformed,
assembled on Turk street, near Van Ness
avenue, at 2 o'clock, and twenty minutes
later Colonel Dar.iel Deasy gave the or
6"er to march. The column, -»00 strong,
then filed into the avenue, headed by the
band, and marched in fours to the cathe
dral. Large crowds'- lined the avenue on
both sides, and at the step3 leading to the
rarsctuary a dozen policemen' found them
selves fully occupied in- keeping back th"s
crowds which sought admittance. Tlie
junior members of the'league had previ
ously been admitted, and these;-number
ing many hundreds, occupied the right
and left pews, while the center, pews were
reserved for the League of the Cross Ca
dets. The galleries were filled with rela
tives and friends of the. young men.
Benjamin r Pay Mills Lectures
on Topic of Great
Interest.
Be Defeated.
Pastor Denounces Gambling
and Prays Bill^May : :|
If Given a Chance They
May Regenerate
the 'World.
Rev: A. C. Ban e Preaches
Against Opening of f
Ingle side.
EARNEST APPEAL
TO SUPERVISORS
WOMEN SHOULD
BE MADE FREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUAE Y 10, lDoz.
Hundreds of Young Men Publicly Pledge Thefoselves at
¦St. Mary's Cathedral to Cultivate Habits of Sobriety
and Archbishop Riordan Delivers an Eloquent Sermon
CADETS OF LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
RENEW THEIR VOWS OF TEMPERANCE
12
LATEST GOLD MEDAL, BUFFALO, 1931.
• : Gold Medal, Brussels, . 1896.
• -.. ' Gold Medal. Paris. 1900..
This popular brand of wine la • growing in
favor and It3 demand Is ' steadily Increasing
Sauterne and Chablis types. Claret X and
grand wine for sale at the leading: restaurants
hotels and clubs. Depot, 612 Geary, st P*
KLEIN, proprietor. . "
Thla signature is oa every box of the gennine
.Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
*br* remedy th*t cnxea acold In •ne.<b»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDWEN
2fc"GD
Len t c n food
Sardines in butter Thon marine
Filets de Harengs Smoked haddock
Smoked eels Salmon cutlets
Finnan Haddie Tongues and sounds
Grimsby bloaters ; '
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
E gg s
Selected — guaranteed 2 doz 45c
e a
Our 50c grade— 10 kinds— .__
including "Bee" brand Ceylon 4 OC
\M a car o n i
La Favorita— vermicelli-
letters and numbers — 2 for 25c
reg'ly 15c— 1 lb pekg
K.o n a * c of f e e
The popular coffee to-day— „ -
reg'ly 25c tb zoc
P r u n e s
California choice rich fruit— . it,,. „ ,-_
reg'ly ioc lb 41DS2ijC
Roy a n s
A la vatelle-a-Ia- Bordelaise- r
Printanier— three varities 2 for 25c
of sardines— reg'ly 15c can
C a n n e d p e as
Telephone— 2 lb cans— IOC
Fresh flavor — reg'ly $1 50 doz $I2O
Mushrooms
F Lecourt— first choice^ — « f nr A cr
reg'ly 25c can 2ior45C
C r e o .1 e r ice
Best quality from r lbs 4.CC
Carolina- reg'ly ioc lb— (t Ti
sold only in cartons IO 9 OC
/\ p p 1 c s
New York state— cheaper
than fresh fruit-reg'ly 15c— 2 for 2Ct
2% lbcan-
Ma ck crcj
Tender fish— reg'ly $1-5 lb pail 90c
Messed— reg'ly $2 50-12 lb kit $2 20
Special-choice fish-f lb each 2 for 15c
P r e s e r v e s
Strawberry— raspberry— plum— .
blackberry— green gage— , 20c
reg'ly 25c jar-iK lbs fruit
C-l a r e t
Mountain Zinfandel— rich-nceUow-^oc
reg'ly 50c gallon
Whisky.
Old Stock bourbon— £j j e
.reg'ly $1 50 bottle— £
D G •' L \V h i s k y
Highland Club-Scotch ).' o. r
Killycroy-Irish-i star " )*¦*.;- °i c
Caledonian— Scotch — 135 $1 I 5
12 year old " • 150 ISO
SEASON, 1902.
This week we will show an immense imuor-
tation of NEW FODLARD SILKS to the
present season, Theu are from the hest man-
ufacturers of this class of goods and are our
own exclusive designs.
23-INCH FINE TWILL SATIN FINISH FOULARDS, in
small an! medium designs — ..... >> ..... 75c Yard
24-INCH PEAU DE SCHE FINISH FOULARDS; a large
yapletu of designs In all the leading colors. 85c Yard
24-INCH SATIN LIBERTY FOULARDS, panne finish In
Old Ross, Reseda, Biscuit, Argent, National, Brown, etc.
•••••••-. • :•• SI. 25 Yard
24-INCH EXTRA FINE TWILL SATIN FINISH .FOU-
LARDS, In large assortment of newest colorings
SI. 25 Yard
24-INCH SATIN LIBERTY FOULARDS, Jacguard effects,
In an elegant yarietD of designs and colorings
SI. 5O Yard
SPPCT AT
450 pairs LADIES 1 4-BUTTON FRENCH KID GLOVES, In
light, medium and dark colors, former price $1.50 pair.
Tne entire lot reduced to 75c Pair.
Mall orders promptly and carefulln executed t
and samples forwarded free to anu address. l
III. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
1 »
BOLDBESa. BOVCT * CO' 8 SPECIAL 81TIKS 3 At, 3
-S.w e e t w i n e s >
Sherry— Port— Madeira— 7 c '
high grade Imported wines- <- 'i
reg'ly $i bottle 3 ror$2
Vr a r t r a y soda
Full of life and snap—
reg'ly f i 25 dozen 9°°
F ac e ip o w d c r
Vee-o-Iay— France— three colors— Ar^.
reg'ly 50c box - - : 4"-^-
Dentomyrrh
Wright— antseptic tooth . rt r_ _ . eet
paste— formerly 20c tube 2 Ior 2 5 C
Potato sliccr
Too useful to be without— .
reg'ly 25c— just received 2OC
432 Pina 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth prisi Clay vStreets, Oakland
Oculcirivimi
Has "a professional f^ame fit- :
tep" fop whose expert services
in adjusting op fitting eye-
r glasses and spectacles there is
absolutely no charge.
%J—T£m I IMKIMvi wT»^J
COKt! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Cok« for sale to famlUss
and to the trade at reduced rates.
U jtj fljr Hf9 C1 HJil P^bS IH % t^^
iL^ FAVORITE
PESCRIPTION
Jh. for weak women*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ¦ ¦
v The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«d»I
Tonic for ih« Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents"
323 Market »t.. S. F. — >Send tor Circulars. >
fi^Q HSt I £fa Ammurfitlon and Sportlnfl
H "H BilB %. D Goods - Larg-st Stock. Lo^
Ian Mill I st Prlces - t'ntll closo ol
UBw BicIbb huntln 8T season win off??
i*Jf I H \ff K uns at reduced price*.
SHRSYS ft BAH8EE CO..
739M»rkat8t tai 511 Ks*rn7 Si
\A/. X. HESS.
K0T1RY PDBMC A1TO ATT0RNST-AT-L1W.
Tenth Floor.' Room 1015. Clau? Spree :«eU Eld*.
¦-• Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California st.. belo* Pow«ll.
' . Residence Telephone. James 150t.
WeeHyCf $1.00 jsr Year
Two Facts
There are more people to-day than
ever before suffering from stomach
and liver troubles, which, in many
cases, result from chronic
>i :. Physicians ail over the world have
testified that the Best and Safest j
Laxative for the positive cure of Con- i
stipatioa. Disordered Stomach and j
Liveris. ¦ v^ -.'... •. .. . i ,
j .NATURAL LAXATIfB KlScZKL WATER.
<, Always AsK J
j your Druggist for H uayadi Janos ;
(Full Name) and see that you get it.
Substitutes are worthless.