COMMUNICATION WITH PRINCE HENRY
IS MAINTAINED FAR OUT ON OCEAN
BY MEANS OF' WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
MRS. C. W. FAIRBANKS.
BEPRESENTATTVE PAYNE-
COMMANDER OF THE GERMAN IMPERIAL YACHT; HQHENZOLLERN, AND THE CRUISERS .CINCINNATI
AND OLYMPUOF THE AMERICAN NAVY, "WHICH WILL PARTICIPATE INTHE WELCOME.TO PRINCE
HENRY WHEN THE STEAMSHIP KRONPRINZ WILHELM ARRIVES OFF NEW YORK. ,
Lieutenant* Conor is about .40 years old
and has been In the army many years,
while the bride is well known in Boston
as a lecturer on theosophy. The couplo
left to-day for San Francisco, to which
place the lieutenant has been ordered for
duty. . '
"You might take It back," was his smil
ing comment. And straight to a'minis
ter's residence they went.
BOSTON. Feb. 17.-Af ter . courting her
for thirteen years Lieutenant Conor, U. 8.
A., the earnest lover of Miss Margaret
Guild, a Boston literary and theosophical
woman, plucked up : courage to pop the
question. This was Saturday morning and
while Miss Guild was on her way to her
daily work with a "publishing firm. Em
boldened by a prompt "yes,". Lieutenant
Conor proposed that the wedding be Im
mediate.
Lieutenant Conor of the Army Fin
ally Induces Miss Guild to
Become His Wife. •
MAEEY IN HASTE
AFTER LONG COXTBTSHIP
Unless action is taken in Ottawa imme
diately, six weeks will see a deserted
camp and not a prospector in this portion
of the country. The miners will make no
further attempts in the Northwest Terri
tory, as they say, with good reason, that
it is unprofitable to work and develop a
country where they may lose all rights
whenever they find anything of impo^
tance. Canadians as well as Americana
are aroused and many of the former will
seek American fields.
A large percentage of the men who ar«
thronging the Btreeta and making prep
arations to leave the camp announce thoir
Intention of making Eagle City their ob
jective \polnt, whence .they will scatter
out to the various fields that have been
but slightly prospected. Many others,
particularly the old-time miners, say they
will go to Circle City, where they will
outfit for Interior work. Still others pro
pose to cross over into the Tanana and
the Kuskokwim districts.
General Exodus From Dawson.
before. All miners who are not already
in possession of paying claims of ' suffi
cient richness to warrant their remaining
in the district and paying the royalties
exacted are preparing to leave for the
American side and dogs cannot now be
bought in the market. By to-morrow'
evening the trails down the river will be
crowded by men who are going to new
fields. Business men are the ones that
will suffer the greatest financial Ws. as
In the depopulation of the camp they tee
ruin confronting them.
The press censor in South Africa is
evidently active, as the first intimation
that the trial of Commandant Krintzin
ger <who was captured by General
French In December last) had commenced
came from War Secretary Brodrick in
the House of Commons yesterday. The
Secretary did not volunteer any details,
but he informed a questioner that Lord
Kitchener would certainly see that the
Boer general had every facility for pro
ducing witnesses. It developed during
lirodrick's answer that the trial began
February 15.
LONDON, Feb. 18.— The Paris corres
pondent of the .Daily Chronicle believes
there Is some truth In the rumor .that an
Irish revolutionary committee has been
started in Paris by an Irish-American
•who haa Just returned from South Af
rica for the purpose of aiding the Boer
cause by a reign of dynamite and terror.
Credence Given to Story That an
Irish Revolutionary Committee
Is Working in Paris.
DYNAMITE A1TD TZEBOB
TO AID BOZB CAUSE
Consternation followed the announce
ment of the sweeping order and a mass
meeting was called to take action. The
first step was by the Liberal Club, which
. -wired resolutions to Ottawa, praying Par
j^Tnent to thwart the action of the Privy
Council. The people are excited as never
This \rtll give away all the vacant
ground in a portion of the country known
to be rich, and of the paying creeks only
Dominion, Gold Run and Sulphur, of the
flowing- TniHan River, -will remain open to
prospecting. Naturally, with the insecu
rity of future action as to Indian River,
prospectors .will shun that also.
Wild Excitement in Camp.
DAWSON, ,T- T. (via Seattle), Feb. 17.
lAn amended order in council, which ar
rived from Ottawa to-day, seals the doom
of Dawson as a great mining- camp, and
men have been called in from every camp
vithln reach to consider the* situation.
The order gives far greater advantages to
the Treadgold Water and Mining Conces
sion than were ever before contained In
*!.ny one document affecting the develop
ment of the Tukon. It gives A- N. C.
Treadgold, Sir Thomas Tancred and the
ether members of the syndicate title in
fee to all lapsed or vacant placer claims
on Hunker. Bear and Bonanza creeks ar.d
all their tributaries. As is well known.
£1 Dorado Creek, the richest in the world,
Is a tributary of Bonanza, and is, there
fore, included. So sweeping Is ¦ th© con
cession that all bench claims vacant, or
to become vacant, are included.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Canadian Privy Council Makes Sweeping
Concession to a Syndicate and Miners
Leave Dawson for American Teiritory
DECREE FROM OTTAWA
MEANS DEPOPULATION
OF YUKON'S CAPITAL
The congress adjourned till to-morrow. To-night, from 9 to 11 o'clock, the;",
•was a reception to all the delegates and visitors, held in the halls of the Na
tional JIuseum.
Two amendments to the constitution were adopted. The first tacked on sec
tion 1 a provision that no one shall be eligible to hold office in the national
society until she has been a member thereof two years. The second amendment
adopted, which refers to the same section, provided that no person shall hold
office more than two years successively.
"When the congress assembled this afternoon Mrs. M. B. Tulloch of this city,
chairman of the committee on credentials, presented her report. It showed that
S17 delegates are entitled to vote. This Is an increase of 57 over last year. The
number includes, besides the forty-seven State regents, 600 chapter regents and
249 delegates. The report recommended that the roll of the convention be called
by chapters, to not only commemorate "those sacred names, but emphasize the
record of historical places."
The report was adopted and the roll was then called. Many of the chapters
are named after Revolutionary heroes.
The congress was called to order
this morning by \he president general,
Mrs. Charles W. Fairbanks, wife of
the United States Senator from Indi
ana. Led by Percy 8. Foster of this
city, the congress sang "The .Star-
Spangled Banner." Mrs. Fairbanks
then delivered her address of wel
come. After expressing- her gratifica
tion at the numbers of those present and what they represented, Mrs. Fair
banks urged upon every Daughter the cultivation in the highest degree of rev
erence to law, devotion to the flag and preservation of the interests in general
of the organization. She referred to the pending- proposition to reduce the
membership of the order, as the congress was becoming too unwieldy, and
said whatever measure was adopted along this line it would have in view full
and complete representation of all the chapters in the country. She showed that
there were now approximately 600 chapters, thirty-four chapters having been
added during the past year, increasing the membership by 3S06. This makes
the total membership over 40,000.
The morning session closed with a response by Mrs. John F. Swift of Cali
fornia to the address of Mrs. Fairbanks.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17.— The
eleventh Continental Con
gress of the National Soci
ety of the Daughters of the
American Revolution convened here
to-day. About 800 delegates and
others representing chapters in States
throughout the country were present.
The congress has before it many mat
ters of importance to the welfare of
tho Daughters. These include the
erection of a continental memorial
hall in this city, the adjustment of in
ternal disputes among some of the
Western chapters which have caused
much trouble in the past, needed
amendments in the constitution of the
ordv.r, and projects for securing pen
siona for needy "Daughters" whose
fathers were actual fighters in the co
lonial struggle with England. •
DAUGHTERS OF AMERICAN
REVOLUTION CONVENE IN
CONTINENTAL CONGRESS
Continued on Page Two,
'¦: Saturday. February 22— Arrival . In New
York »harbor, . probably, about noon, on- Kron
prlnz : "Wllhelm - ; of North / German-Lloyd 'line.'
Admiral Evans,. commanding the special squad
ron,' 1 will meet the , steamer: at • quarantine sta
tion ; and: conduct 1 his- Royal' Highness,' ; Prince
Henry of PrusslaiT with' his suite, to, the Hoh'en
z'ollern. :',whl^iVthe : Preslderifa delegates will
then * Visit jtoj extend ¦ gTeetinsrs. Kxch'ang-a • of
offlciai I during ; the ; afternoon. . Prince
Henry : aid^ his^suita. will attend :. tha "Irving
Place j and return* to the HohenzollenT
for the: night. ; . •
' : . Sunday. February.' 23— In ';¦ th»" mornlnar'-'ra-'
ltgloust exercise's : on * board '. th« r Hohenzollern.
of General ' Grant *.' In . ; the ' afternoon. . Prlvr.f*'
FINAL PROGRAMME ARRAKQED.
Many Honors to Be -Bestowed Upon
•Y 'the Visiting >Prince. >/¦
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. .17.— Dr.'. Hill., one
of the President's delegates, to-day made
public' the general L plan . and itinerary of
the visit of his Royal ;, Highness Princo
Henry of Prussia covering .the period of
time 'i from ,,- Saturday, - February • 22, to
Tuesday; • March v 11. '-'.: From time to time
publication has been made of the itinerary
relating to one or two.'cities and' towns,
but ; there^ has been . more or 'less change
in .the "¦ original . programme and new fea
tures have been* added;'-. As it now stands
the t Itinerary, and programme is declared
by the President's delegates \ to be final.
It is as follows :': ¦'¦¦'¦¦
: As a safeguard ¦¦against- heavy ..weather,
in the outer harbor on the day that Prince
Henry arrives ' here the , plan • for' formally .
welcoming him was changed to-day.' •; It
wag decided [ to; abandon the • idea of < hav*
ing him 'transferred down the" bay from
the \ Kronprinz f/Wilheim to -' ; the -imperial
yacht . Hohenzollern and instead ¦ he : will
come to '< Recreation ¦ pier ¦ at the . f obt \ of
West ' Thirty-fourth >, street;, on", 1 theVliner/
Rear Admiral v Evans, ' commanding Ythe
special ' squadron now assembling, .will
boardtheKfonprlnz j'Wllhelm as'soontas
she - arrives -_and \ after ; formally ; greeting
Prince Henry.- will" accompany, him '•, to the
pier; As V the " liner . passes . ; the . special*
aq'uadron; every ; ship of the latter 'will* fire'
a /royal ] salute i* of • twenty-on© i sunaVaiid
Safeguard Against Bad Weather.
The officers of ; the German imperial
yacht Hohenzollern who went to Niagara
Falls last^iweek , returned _ to-dav: • '. Foui
other officers will go to .the falls to-mor
row and will .return on •Wednesday.' Ow
ing to the , storm there were, few •visitors
to the yacht to-day. ; Admiral-: von Baud
issin left for. Philadelphia this afternoon.
The admiral /will iremain in .Philadelphia
two days,^visiting; relatives. ¦;"- ¦ [
| The programme ' \ f or ; : the ' opera /which
Prince Henry' is to attend upon his visit
to this city : -was completed to-day and will
include: The first act of "Lohengrin,",
with Gadski,- Schumann-Heink, Dippel
Bispham . and Edoua'rd de' Reszke: the
second act of "Carmen;", in'French, with
Calve, Alvarez, and- Scotti;t the third act
of "Alda/'firi Italian, with: Eames, Homer;
Campanari, , Journet and De .Marchi;^ the
second act jj of ','Tannhauser,' 1 with ' Ter
nina.Van'Dyck arid .Van Rooy; the first
act of "La'Traviata,!' i with' Sembrlch and
Salignac; the first scene of." the 'fourth act
of "El Cid," with -Breval "and .'Alvarez;. '¦'
Germany and Prince Henry of -Prussia- to
membership.- ' • • \ \
man the ; sides. . The formal 'calls of the
President's delegates, the officers of the.
special "squadron, Major General Brooke.
Admirar Barker and. the Mayor of New
York\wlll 'be' made ] at the pler.% .The jre
turn calls by Prince Henry : "depend upon
the hour .that the Kronprlnz Wilhelm ar
rives. If time permits they will be made
at once. Y. : : ¦-.-' ; ¦ .
Emperor and Prince Elected.
NEW, YORK, Feb. 17.— The * Atlantic
Yacht Club held a special meeting ' to
night : and - elected* Emperor William * of
LONDON, Feb. 17.— The officials at
Marconi's office In London say their Liz
ard station was In communication with
the . Kronprlnz Wilhelm,, with Prince
Henry, of Prussia on board, up to 9 o'clock
a,' m. to-day, when the steamer was
about 140 miles west of The Llzardi ; A'
powerful Marconi station at Mullion,'
Cornwall, was continuing to /dispatch
wireless telegrams toward ¦ the Kronprinz
¦Wilhelm, ; "but the limit of ¦ the distance
covered will not be known until the steam
ers's arrival on. the other side of "the
Atlantic, as she was not equipped with
an apparatus powerful enough to enable
her to reply. V.
. ¦ Wilhelm nearly grounded in
turning to go out " of the harbor. She
came in collision with a buoy. The weath
er is fine and cold. •' Prince Henry spent
much of his time on. the b'ridge, looking
very joljy and manifesting much Interest
in what was going on. Later he joined
In the gayetyof the steerage passengers;
who, dressed in every .variety of costume,
danced to the accompaniment of." a con
certina. After- that his Highness donned
a smoking jacket and went to the smok
ing room, where he sat for a long time,
chatting with members of his suite. The
Prince apparently prefers the democratic
smoking-room , the sailors", work Shop or
the captain's bridge, to the seclusion of
his gorgeously ' furnished apartments.
There was no demonstration at Cher
bourg, which was left at fifteen minutes
past 9 o'clock.
ON BOARD THE KR0N
PR1NZ WILHELM, by Mar
. conl wireless telegraphy,
via the Lizard Station, »Feb.
I 17, 1:30 a. m.— The Kronprlnz
Final Programme Is|Gc>m|Die^S|l for the |K^ep^ion|arid| Entertain
ment of the Distinguished Royal: Visitor- —Emperor William
and Brother Are Elected Members ' of the Atlantic Yacht Club
The previous question was then ordered, but Richardson thereupon offered a
motion: to "recommit the * rule with instructions to report it back amended so aa
to, open the bill for amendment under the five-minute rule.
Dalzell immediately made the point that the motion was dilatory. Speaker
Henderson . and : Richardson had a sharp exchange over the point of order, which
the "Speaker": sustained.' -.
Richardson then appealed from the decision of the chair, and the Speaker de
clined to hear argument on the appeal, because the previous ' question already
had been ordered.
/;. Dalzell "moved to lay * the appeal on . tha table. -
This. motion was carried, 165. to 123. Calderhead (Rep.) of Kansas voted wtth
the Democrats "against the motion to lay the 'appeal on the table, but there wa§
MINORITY LEADER SPRINGS HIS SURPRISE.
Ball of Texas denounced the rule as but another step in the parliamentary ev
olution by which individualism in the House was being crushed and a few men
were enthroned as the autocrats to dominate its will. The reason for the presen
tation of the rule, he declared, was because It was .necessary to gag two Repub-^
lican members of the Ways and Means Committee, a number of the Republicans
on the floor and all the Democrats of the House. He referred to the report in the
newspapers that even the President had become converted to the view that. the
"iron hand" .wa's necessary to prevent a wholesale revision of the tariff.
At this point Babcock of ."Wisconsin, one of the Republican members of the
"Ways and Means Committee to whom Ball had referred, read a statement of his
reasons for favoring the adoption of the rule. It was to the effect thit after con
sultation he and his colleagues did not consider it wise to jeopardize fhe passage
of the repeal bill by complicating matters, and he gave notice that at the first
opportunity he would press for the consideration of his bill to amend the steal
schedule. '
Hay of Virginia declared that the pending rule would humiliate every member
on the floor, because it prevented the offering of a single amendment to this bill.
It was such a display of cowardice as never befdre had been witnessed In th«
House. , (Applause.) "When the bill went to the Senate it would be debated and
amended, but by this rule the House would be deprived of Its rightful function.
.Cannon of Illinois argued earnestly In favor of the adoption of the rule. Even
If other revenue reduction was advisable.it should not stand, he. said. In the way
of the repeal- of taxes gathered in the treasury from the people, there to consti
tute a prize upon exploitation. "Let us," said he in conclusion, addressing his
Bide of the House, "take the responsibility for the repeal of these taxes, as we
took the responsibility for their imposition." . - :^ v Vi'
Richardson closed the debate for the minority. In doing so he offered to yield
half his time to any one on the Republican side who cared to oppose the adoption
of the rule. He paused when he had made the offer.' but no Republican rose.
Smiling faces looked over at him from across the aisle.
"No gentleman on ; that Bide la opposed to 'this rule," said he, sarcastically.
"With. your majority of forty It will-be very easy to, adopt 'it, but Is it not
Btrange that with such a majority such a rule should be necessary?" He in
sisted" that there were members- on the other aide who-were restive under the
demand of their constituents for a revision of some of the tariff schedules and
that they would have hard work explaining their action. The gentleman from
Wisconsin (Babcock), he declared, could not go back to his constituents with
the lame excuse he had offered on the floor. "This is his last opportunity," said
he. "and the gentleman knows it There will be no other opportunity to give his
people relief, and if he tries to explain, his course, let one of his constituents
ask him why he voted for this rule." In concluding:, Richardson said that those
on his side favored the repeal of the war taxes;' in fact, that If they had their
way they' would have been repealed long ago.
Dalzell -closed the debate on the rule. In view, of, the solicitude of the gentle
man from Virginia (Hay) and the . gentleman from Texas (Ball) regarding the
situation in .the "House, he said he would refer to. some; history. After recalling
attention ; to : the fact that not a member on the other side had raised his voice
against the:adoptlon of the rule for the consideration of the Philippine tariff
bill, a' rule which, he said, was >s drastic as this one. he told how. the Democrats
of the Fifty-third Congress had swallowed 643 amendments to the "Wilson bU?
without even having . them" read in the House. \
PKOTESTS AGAINST THE "IRON HAND" RULE.
r "T T ASHINGTON, Feb. 17.-The
\ /Y/ ' unexpected happened in the
]y/}\. House to-day when the bill
' to repeal the war revenue
taxes was passed unanimously without
a word of debate. This action was the
outcome of a challenge thrown down
by Richardson ' of Tennessee, the
minority leader, after the adoption by
a , strict party .vote of a special order
for the consideration of the bill which
permitted debate on it until 4 oclock
to-morrow afternoon, but cut off all
opportunity to offer amendments ex
cept such as had been agreed to by the
Ways \ and Means Committee. The
adoption of the rule had been preceded
by a stormy debate, in the course of
which the Democrats protested against
the application of the "gag," which
Hay of Virginia claimed was made to
prevent, a free expression not only by
'the Democrats, but by some Repub
licans; special attention being directed
toward ' Babcock of Wisconsin, the
father of the bill, to amend the steel
schedule ~ of the present law. They
also charged that such a method of
procedure was minimizing the in
fluence of the - House and making It
simply a machine to register the decrees of the few men in control.
When the rule was adopted, by a vote of 158 to 120, Richardson, to em
phasize the fact that debate on the bill could accomplish nothing and that de
liberation oh it would be fruitless, asked unanimous consent that the bill be placed
upon- its passage. Not an objection was voiced and the vote was taken forth
with. I Every vote. 278 in number, was cast in the affirmative.
There was a large attendance on the floor of the House and in the gallery
in anticipation of a debate on the bill to repeal the war revenue taxes. Just
prior to the assembling of the House the Comitttee on Rules met and agreed
upon the form j of a special rule for the consideration of the bill, by the terms of
which it would brought to a vote at 4 o'clock to-morrow.
The chaplain, in his Invocation, prayed that the life, of Representative
Shephard of Texas, who is dangerously 111, might be spared.
DALZELL PBESENTS SPECIAL ORDER AGREED TJPOU.
After some minor business had been cleared away, Dalzell, from the Com
mittee on Rules, presented the special order agreed upon by that committee. DaV
zell explained, the effect of the rule. This measure, he said, -was presented to re
deem a pledge made when the war revenue taxes were Imposed that when the
necessity for them ceased they would be repealed. This was a measure on which.
: he took it, there was practical unananimity of sentiment on both sides of tha
House. It was a simple repeal measure and it was deemed wise that It should be
brought to a vote without complication on extraneous issues.
..- At the conclusion of this brief statement Dalzell yielded thirty minutes to
Underwood of Alabama, also of the Committee on Rules. .The Alabama mem
ber protested against the adoption of the rule. not. he said, because it provided
for the consideration of a bill to reduce taxation, but because It prevented indi
'vidual "members from* exercising their own judgment or "carrying out the wishes
of their constituents as to 'what portion, of the excessive taxes should be re
pealed. As an instance of a tax whlch.it was not advisable to repeal, he cited
the inheritance tax', a tax which; he said, was levied on a class that was not
reached by other taxation. Underwood said he did not think a general tax re
vision should be made, as such revision, whether good or bad, would unsettle present
conditions and might lead to disorder. He referred to the stagnation in business
¦ which existed pending the enactment of both the "Wilson and Dingley bills in
support of that statement. He thought that the proper method of reducing
duties at this time should be through reciprocity agreements made in pursuance
of Congressional enactment, and he sent to the Clerk's desk and had read the
following amendment representing his ideas in this particular:
"That for. the purpose of readjusting the present- duties on importations into
the United States, so as to raise sufficient . revenues to support the Government
economically administered, and at the same' time to* encourage the export trade
of this country, the President bfth£ United States is authorized and empowered
to negotiate trade contracts with foreign nations, wherein mutual concessions are
made, looking to the expansion of our foreign trade; provided, that said trade
contracts before coming Into operation shall be submitted to the Congress of- the
United. States 'for ratification, amendment or rejection."
VOLUME XCL— NO. 80.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, /,18j 1902.
DEMOCRATS PROTEST
AGAINST: THE GAG, BUT
VOTE FOR THE MEASURE
BILL REPEALING THE WAR REVENUE TAXES IS PASSED
BY THE HOUSE UNDER SPECIAL "IRON HAND" RULE
The San Francisco CallSKETCH E S . AND PHOTOGRAPHS -
. "TAKEN XT THE SCENE OF THE
• SHOOTING AND AT THE HOSPITAL.
Cannot Dine .With Prince,- Owing to
'• L v : 3-Mfs.»vPeweyJs^llJ^e 1 BS.V3,v'; /
; PALM { PEACHY Fla^, : Feb." , 17.— Admiral
Dewey" -^ received ... the ' following . ; dispatch
frornV Washington" tpfday:: ' ¦'
-' "Will ! you "dine"- with'- me * on : February; 23
at '¦ 7 f 'p/l m?fi to! haveithe ' honor to ; meet his
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S BEFCTSAL
Piles. Cured Without the Knife.
: - r • 1 - ¦ • • . -. * m ¦• -..-¦¦
Itching, Blind, Bfeedjng or Pr^Jtf uding Piles.
No Cure, /No Pay. All druggists are: authorized
by , manufacturers of Pazo Ointment ' to refund
money where it falls to cure any case of piles,
no matter o*. how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days ; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest;,' Relieves
itching in^tf.ntly. This Is a new discovery," and
JW the only "pile" remely sold 'on 'positive guar
antee, no" ciirej- no pay. ¦; A.free.sample.wili-.be
tent by mail, to. any Qne sending name and-ad
dress. Price, 50c. . If your druggist don't keep
¦it in : stock. send 50c in stamps and. we "will for
ward : full- size ¦ box . by mail. -Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE : CO., .St.' Louis.'; Mo.,', who
also . manufacture . th'« -^celebrated -cold i 1 cure,
Laxative Bfomo-Quinine Tulili In JlMiMOtlBM
BUTLER,- Mo., Feb. .17.— In a decision by
Judge Graves to-day the bill pasesd. by the. last
Legislature putting a tax on whisky was de
clared' invalid. -
To" Cure' a', Cold in One Bay
Take .-Laxative" 'Brorno-Quinlhe All
druggists refund ¦ the money if i it bails', to 'cure.
E." W. Grove's signature it on each,box,T2Dc.*".
Monday.-- March ; 3.- — Arrival at'St.- Louis at
,.1 a... m. at the -Union Station..:' Prer
sentation of an address. .-'Carriage 'drive; to the
Bads .bridge and thence' to -the' St. Louis Club.
¦ Breakfast at the ; St. Louis Club. .- After, break-"
fast ; drive : through • the West End /to .\ Forest
, Park; where a special train will -be In waiting.^
Departure for Chicago at 11' a. m...- Arrival at'
¦ Chicago/ at ¦. e :30 . p. , m.;' Union . Depot. :': Recep
tion , by ; the : Mayor, * the ' German f Consul '; and .- a
; reception • committee. v: ¦ Drive - from i depot
to the Auditorium; Hotel,' with : military escort:
Dinner;at the Auditorium Hotel,; given by the
associated , reception committee, at It p^ m. .'A
-- Sunday, March 2 — Arrival at Chattanooga at
7 a.-.m. : Presentation of souvenir -album *t cf
views. -¦ Three hours and thirty minutes. for a
trip to" Lookout ; Mountain. v . Departure • for.: St.
Louis ' at j 10 :30 a." m.* ; '.. Stop ': of ¦ fifteen ' minuted
at Nashville,*- Uen ! minutes ' at : . Louisville ,- and
twenty, minutes at Indianapolis.' ¦¦':..'.
.' Saturday, • March 1 — Departure of the Prince
and -. his ' suite for. his r Southern and
tour : on . special 'train." ' Journey ' across the
Allegheny. ; Mountains, - by Horseshoe Curve ; on
Pennsylvania Railroad. , Stop of ten -: minu t t s
at Pittsbur^ -. and ' ColumbuB, and of ,' twenty
minutes , at • Cincinnati. *<nfe*f^ftf **ITr fc 1ffl(jSmBm
' '¦• Friday, February.' 2S-"-Visit v to 'Annapolis In
the forenoon. ¦ Luncheon at Annapolis . at . 12
noon: ; • Farewell .'visit' of 'the. Prince -to - the
President. ¦ ' Dinner - at the '-, German embassy. ¦•;• •;
; Wednesday,' February * 26— Luncheon with
representatives of commerce -and ¦ industry, at
12:30 p. m. Sightseeing in New York In -the
afternoon. Torchlight' concert/ at * the - Arioni
'Club af 6:30 p.-:ra • Banquet lot ¦ the- press, of
tlie United States . at 8 p. m. • • Special ferry
to the Pennsylvania . Railroad Vat ' 12 midnight
and Journey to Washington. /" >\' ¦ :".•' •'¦;
'¦Thursday,' February "27 — Arrival of -the
Prince at ¦ Washington and ¦ escort to the Ger
man embassy. Memorial exercises to President
McKinley.in the House of Representatives, the
Prince and his • suite attending. •.*, Visit • in the
afternoon to Mount Vernon. ; ¦ . .
• Tuesday. '. February 25^-Departure of ¦ * the
Prince and his. suite land 'of', the. President and
his' party from Jersey . City for . the ' shipyards
of -the- Townsend-Downey Shipbuiidtng ¦¦ Com
pany at' Shooters Island., Launching -of the
yacht -of *the German Emperor at 10:30 'a.' m."
L>uncheon to the President on board the Hoheii
zollern at • 1 ' p. m.- -Military escort to receive
the . Prince ¦ at : the ! custom-house : wharf, < Bat
tery, where he -will- land' at 3 :30 <' p. ..m. - and
proceed to the City, Hall. Visit of the Prince
to the Mayor of Ni^w ; York and presentation of
the freedom of the city at C|ty Hall at 4 p. m.
Dinner of the Mayor of New York '-- at -.6:30
p. ¦ ni. Gala. opera at "the Metropolitan Opera
house-after the • dinner. \ •- ¦-'¦'" : ';' ; ¦- •
Launching of the Yacht.
entertainment by the Deutscher Vereln. -Leave
for Washington in the evening by special train
on the ' Pennsylvania . road. •. ... . . „ . ..-¦-.
Monday, February 24 — Short stop at Balti
more at 9 a. m. Arrival- at Washington at
10:20 a. m. Military escort from the-Penn
sylvania Railroad station to the White House
and thence to j the German, embassy. iTho
President will .return" the visit of the Prince
at noon. Visit of - the Commissioners , of - the
District of Columbla-and brief address of wel
come. Visits of Embassadors and Ministers'. ,
Visit to the Capitol • at • 4. p. m. Dipnerrat
the White » House at , 8 - p.' -m. After dinner
the I Prince will return to New York by spe-,
clal train on the Pennsylvania Railroad. De-.
parture of the President and his party for Jer
eey City .by the . Pennsylvania Railroad. .
Continued From Page One.
route • from New York to San Francisco.
While her train was at the Arcade station
she confirmed the report that Stanford
University was to have several additional
new structures. Mrs. Stanford said:
""We have in view a new library building
and a new gymnasium. The' plans for
both will be approved when I reach home.
Our present library building will be used
exclusively as a law library and the new
buildinsr Is expected to meet the universi
ty's requirements for the next fifty years.
The plans are to be patterned after the
Congressional Library in Washington."
Mrs. Stanford availed herself of the op
portunity while her train was here to
drive to and from West Lake Park.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17.— Mrs. Jane L.
Stanford was in Los Angeles to-day, en
Plans for New Structures Will Be
Approved on Her Arrival
' . at Palo Alto.
MBS. STAFFORD TALKS
; OF THE UNIVERSITY
Brooklyn Bridge Is Kept Clear.
On the elevated "lines there was consid
erable delay in the morning hours, but
by the evening rush hours all trains were
running .on time, although enormously
overcrowded owing to the interruption of
the surface lines. •
The Brooklyn bridge wa3 kept clear of
snow from the time the storm began, but
both the elevated and trolley cars were
crowded to their, utmost capacity, al
though many thousands of Brooklynites
preferred the perilous passage of the fer
lies to_participation in the crush on the
Ljrid* T G t
The eastern part of New York State,
f r om this city to the Canadian border, was
¦swept-toy a blizzard such as had not tjeen
experienced for fourteen years. Up to
midnight reports ¦¦ showed that sixteen
counties had received in force the effects
of trie gale and the- accompanying fall of
snow. .These counties were Dutchess,
Orange, Ulster, Albany, Schoharie,
Schenectady, Montgomery, Saratoga, Es
sex, Columbia, Rensselaer, Washington,
Clinton, Onedia, Onondaga and Chemung.
Thus it will be seen that it did not extend
to the western part of the State, although
it waa expected there before to-morrow.
- There is a sameness about the reports
from the up-State towns. Anywhere from
four to eighteen inches of snow, wind
blowing at a hurricane rate, drifts from
six to. In one instance, 25 feet deep, are
among the feature, while there is reitera
tion of delayed trains, impaired trolley
service and impassable country roads.
--The latest reports indicate that the
worst is over, for the wind is abating and
In many places the snow has ceased fall-
Ing.
New Jersey Feels the Blizzard.
Advices received from points in New
Jersey -show that the great blizzard has
been felt from Bergen County to Cape
May, and from Atlantic City to Camden.'
The latest 1 advices are .that? during the
evening the storm abated greatly. The
brunt of the gale, which approached the i
dimensions of a hurricane, was felt by
the sea-coast towns', but the interior cities
and townships did not escape. Travel by
road was almost impossible, v Cities , and
villages not provided with large gangs. of
fctreet cleaners gave up the battle against
the driving snow early in the day. The
railroads were enabled to move trains by
the free useof-Bnowplows, and street-car
i- trafilc all over. the State was stopped until
; the sweeping machines and plows cleared
the tracks about the middle of the after
. noon. This applies to the large cities
I only, for in. the smaller places the tracks
j are so badly covered with snow that they
; may not be cleared for two days,
i There was a general suspension ;of the:
¦ schools in the afternoon, while the* morn-'
| Ing sessions .were only little attended. At
! most, places heard . from motions- were
¦made that there would be no attempt to
hold school "to-morrow. • '. ¦ ;
- Several trains were stalled near Bound
Brook for several hours, .but were released
•later 'in the . afternoon. Trains from New,
; York reached ".Bound .- Brook : from • two to"
j three hours Jate, and these with two en-
I gines attached. ¦.
j By night the situation was much im-
I proved and passenger trains on all trunk'
in boats from Staten Island were compelled
to put back and return' to the navy yard.
Four thousand men were set to work to
clear- the streets .. of ¦ Manhattan earlv In
the afternoon. . Of these half were en
gaged" In- opening- crosswalks, while 2000
men and 300 trucks were employed to work
all night clearing the main streets.
JEALOUS rage of a jilted lover, the
police believe, prompted the brutal
shooting of Annie Anderson ' ! on
Sunday night. The police are satis
fied that the young Swedish woman
who was mysteriously shot down Sunday
night almost within the shadows of the
home of E.L.. Snell. 224 Ashbury street,
where she was employed as a servant girl,
knows more than she cares to tell con
cerning the identity of the man who shot
her and then escaped in the darkness.
Captain Seymour's detectives are hot on
the trail of Anton Anderson,' a native, of
Sweden, .who is said to have been an
ardent -admirer of the injured woman.
They were unable to locate Anderson last
night, but they will redouble their efforts
to get him in their toils to-day to bring
him before Chief. Wittman and Captain
Seymour, who will ask him several ques
tions in' connection with his acquaintance
With Annie Anderson and his whereabouts
on Sunday riight when the shooting oc
curred." ' i • " -•'
Suspicion was first directed toward An
derson by Charles Olsen, a*alf-brother of
the injured woman, who took a kindly in
terest In his sister's struggle to earn a
living. - Olsen Introduced Anderson to his
half-sister some ; time ago. Being of the
' Saturday, ; March , 8:-^-Day • spent, in rest . and
'recreation.'.'. 1 Dinner of ! . the Grosae-:. Deutsche
Gesellschaft at 8 p..m. ,: ¦• • ¦ • •: • .-.-.
-'. Sunday. ¦ March 9.— Luncheon ¦¦ at . ¦ tha Uni
.ve'rsity "¦ -Club . at 1 p. • m.- ~ Private - dinner for
the 4 Prince. - - -Visit -• to - the New ¦ York Yacht
,Club;at 9:30 p.' 1 m.'..'v^- ¦-¦ ¦"" '.......-- ' .
• :\' Monday," March . 10. — Departure • from ' New
> York, by i special ferry frefm Twenty-third" street
at ' 8 ; a. m. - ; Arrival at , Broad street station,
Philadelphia," at ' 10:20.: a. ¦ m.';;- Reception at th«
'¦ station :by^ the Mayor ; ot jthe city, and the Ger
man* Consul .and visit to -the City Hall, where
the freedom of the city will be presented.' Visit
, to, -Cramps',; ship *yard; : .. Luneheon : with/ the
: Union •' League - at 1 :30 : p.-: in. ¦-, Departure i for
¦ New i'York from ? the ' Broad % street station • at
3 :30 ;p..j m.,.,' Arrival • at New '.York by special
f erry.,' to ,Twenty-,third; street. at 5:30-p.'-m.
S^Tuesday.'-i March", n.— Farewell visits and de
parture."-..: •; . ;..:,¦.: ..: - ; ... -. ,-_ .-
'¦ Friday, ' March 7. — Departure from Boston at
2 a. m. ¦ Arrival at Albany at 8:30 a. m. - Stop
of ¦: two ; hours. ¦ Reception v at i the station ¦ , by
the Governor ;. and ¦ Mayor. • - Military , escort to
the • City Hall; - where ¦ the . freedom of • the city
and "i a ¦ souvenir « will.-, be . presented. -. Military
escort .from -the '•City'. Halt. to. 'the' State' Cap
itol, building. ' Reception, by the .Governor, Sen
ate 'and '^Assembly. .Departure for West PpiiH
at ; 10:30 a. m.; ; Arrival at West Point at 2 p.
m.V Visit of two hours. ¦ Departure from West
Point • at . 4 p. ' to.", - Arrival at * New • York by
¦ special ' ferry < from • Weehawken -. at tJ :45 p. m.
Dinner at the University Club at 8 p." m.' - . -
2 p.f m. , luncheon in. :¦ the. faculty-room. „- At
2:45. p.. m. visit to the buildings of ; the uni
versity. -At 3:30 p. mJ'entertainmentglven by
the students of the. Harvard Union, : with 'short
speeches lasting. until 4:45 p., m.' At.5:p.vmr
reception of delegation of the Germanic Mu
seum Association - at the . house : of Professor
Munsterberg. At 5:30 p. m. leave Cambridge.
Arrival at Somerset ! Hotel, at 6 > p. m.- At 7:30
p. ni.'dinner by the authorities' of the city.-
Tuesday. March' 4 lT -VisiV to statue of Ahra
hani Lincoln: in. Lincoln. Park. Departure for
Milwaukee at 2 p. m. Arrival at Milwaukee
at 4 p. m. ¦ Reception '. by ' the ¦ Mayor ¦ at ' the
station. Military escort to the Bxposltion Hall.
Greeting -by- the United 'Slnsing clubs. -Drive
through -the illuminated court of honor to the
Hotel Pflster. . : Dinner at the - Hotel Pflster.
If. time allows, gala representation at:the Ger
man 'Theater. Departure from Milwaukee at
10 p.' m; for journey eastward. >-V- <¦ <¦¦•',¦
¦ Wednesday, March: 5.— yCrrival at Buffalo,
1:45 p. m., central time. /Stop ot fifteen min
utes.' Arrival at Niagara; Falls at 3:45^p. m.,
eastern time.- - View of the falls and departure
from Niagara Falls at 6 p. m. .-Stop of twenty
minutes at ¦ Rochester, 8:10 p. m.. Stop of
ten minutes at Syracuse at 10 p. m. ' . . , :
Thursday, March 6.— Arrival in Boston ¦ at
10 a. m., South Terminal Station. Reception
by the Mayor and the German Consul. -Drive
from the station I to the: Somerset Hotel - under
military escort. - At 10 :45 ' a. m. . the Governor.
Mayor, president -of Harvard* University and
othej-s pay their ; respects at Somerset Hotel.'
Short i drive through : the city and stop at the
State House to return the visit of the Gover
nor. .Visit to • Shaw Memorial. Drive to tha
Public Library to return the vjsitof the Mayor.
.Visit to Cambridge, : arriving' at Memorial Hall
at 1:30 p. m. - At 7 1:45 p. m.\ visit to the presi
dent ' of the university.' , The president will ac
company , the • Prince to the faculty-room. : At
"Visit to ' Lincoln Statue.
court festival by musical societies by 9 p. m.
Grand ball in" the r Auditorium - at : 9:30 p. .m.
Supper following the ball. . »
followed it. The result of this line of In
vestigation,: without even taking into
consideration : other "improbable? circum
stances, prove conclusively that Miss An
derson was not. shot .by a footpad bent on
robbery. Mrs.^SneH- '-was wide awake
when she heard, her servant girl scream
frantically. ' Ifwaa a shrill terror-stricken
cry, and .fully. .'. a ; v quarter., of ..a. minute
elapsed before' the shot; was fired." ;.
v Presuming' that the statement of ' Mis's
Andefson'as to the manner in. which "sne
was . assaulted be true it • is convincing
to disprove' the. theory that she
was the victim, of a footpad. In addition
there is another .convincing, fact to con
sider. When- the. woman staggered blind
ly into the hallway of the Snell home' she
held her purse containing $5 in her hand.
If it- was' a footpad who shot her he
would have had ample time to relieve her
of the purse in the Interval" between the
time she first screamed and • the t time , tb e
shot was fired. . When Mrs'.' Snell ran to
her ; front window ' she saw.' the wounded
woman* - reeling down Ashbury street,
about ten yards away from her- home and
directly in front of the residence of Mrs.
Hetty, two doors above. ' • • ¦¦ v-. .
' About this time Miss Coleman, • a young
lady -who lives across the. street, at No.
225, was peering out of her window to
ascertain the cause of the shooting "which
had so suddenly disturbed the quiet neigh
borhood. While Miss Anderson was still
standing on the doorstep of the Snell resi
dence waiting- for .somebody- to open the
door Miss Coleman looked up "Ashbury
street and saw a man garbed- in a .rain-
' "I regret exceedingly not to accept your
invitation to dine and have the honor of
again meeting his Royal Highness Prince
Henry of Prussia,- but Mrs. Dewey is too
ill for me to leave her. • •
¦ : - :-- "GBORGE. DEWEY,
. - ' "Admiral U. S; N."
Royal Highness, Prince Henry of Prus
sia? HOLLEBEN,
"Imperial German Embassador."
— Admiral Dewey replied as follows: ¦
Tamer Larsen, '.who the police at first
thought . could throw some light on the
case, was found shortly after midnight
last night, but proved that the Annie An
derson with whom he was very friendly
was not the victim of Sunday night's
crirqe. -
Miss Anderson's condition was somewhat
improved yesterday. She was strong and
the physicians now believe that unless
unlooked for. complications arise she will
recover.' ~ ¦ ........ ¦¦ ....
coat standing in the middle of the Hayes*
street car" tracks looking down Ashbury
street in the direction of; the Snell home.
He seemed to.be waiting to see whether
or not' the woman got into the house, and
as soon as the light' was thrown on the
sidewalk from the opening of the door
the man turned and ran swiftly down
Hayes street, still keeping the center of
the cartracks. This' man was- evidently
the would-be assassin. "..;¦ It. would be more,
natural" for a man who committed a deed
of this kind under a motive of jealousy
to -stand and wait to see whether or not
his -'. victim succeeded in getting into a
house where he . knew she lived than ¦ it
would be. for a footpad, 'who always seeks
cover,and makes tracks from the scene
of his crime the moment the deed is com
mitted... • - - *• ¦ :¦-.--
. The police believe that they will have
the mystery completely solved before an
other day has passed. Last night several
detectives were scouring the town for th»
much wanted Anderson. He could not be
found around his. usual haunts. This fact
strengthened their suspicions that they
were on the right scent.
Storm Beaches Pennsylvania.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 17.-The heavy .
snowstorm which began in this section at
10 o'clock last night ceased at 5 o'clock
this afternoon, the fall of snow being : the
heaviest In three years. A high wlnd'ac
<jomf>anied.. the snow, to-night the
wind is rapidly diminishing." The greatest
fall of snow occurred at Atlantic City,
which was the center of the storm this
morning. The Weather -Bureau there re
ports that seventeen inches fell and^that
the maximum velocity of the wind was
thirty-four miles. Cape May reported a
snowfall of eight inches. In ; this . city
eleven inches of snow was recorded . at
the Weather Bureau, and in - the interior ,
of Pennsylvania snow fell in depths vary
ing from one- to six inches. Snow was
reported to be falling to-night in the
northeastern . mountainous" section of ¦ the
State. • " r. -. ,
With the exception of the stranding of
the. schooner Anna Murray,; from Boston
for Baltimore, near Indian River, inlet,
ten miles below Delaware breakwater, the
life-saving stations i from i Chincoteague,
Va,,. to Barnegat, N. J.,'- to-night report
that there are no vessels in distress. The
Murray went ashore during the thickest
of- the storm this morning,. and her-crew
was rescued by life-savers; by means yf
the breeches ' buoy. The vessel' is badly
stranded and is full of water.'.
The steam railroads centering in this
city were much .hampered. .Trains V.were
greatly delayed and in some . instances
stopped. " The greatest difficulty - was ex
perienced within the city limits ¦ and on"
the lines leading to New York and the
seashore. Trains to the west and south
from here had comparatively ,-llttle trou
ble. On all the railroads much difficulty
was encountered •in-"., moving ' suburban
trains. ;- The schedules . early .in the;day
became badly tangled. 'Railroad commu
nication between here and Atlantic ; City;
was tied up for; a time, and when, trains
did get moving they, were .from , two > to
three hours late. The entire;railroad;sit
uation is greatly improved to-night. Street
car traffic in this city ¦ and- the- suburbs
became demoralized early in the day,- and
no attempt- was made; to keep' schedule
time. Some lines were blocked for hours,
but with the: ending of the storm; traffic
began to improve, and by morning it is
expected the service v»ill be fully resumed;
same nationality, the couple became- in
timately acquainted.- Whether or not the
friendship ripened into a, courtship is not
known, but the developments of yesterday
prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that
the young woman took particular pains
to conceal her friendship with Anderson.
He met her outside of the Snell resi
dence on nights when she. was permitted
to go Out by her.-emnloyer and it said
that "Anderson also called on- Miss Ander
son at the Snell residence while, the fam
ily were on a recent trip to Los -'Angeles.
¦Found Telltale Letters.
Policeman Nelson, who has been acting
as interpreter for the Injured woman,
held a long conversation with her yester
day, ' and she made j admissions to him
which disprove the statements she made
immediately after the shooting. Miss An
derson requested' Nelson to go to the
Snell -residence and get several letters
which she had among her effects. She
said they contain^ information which
she did noO want anybody to read. Ac
companied by* Detective Dinan, Policeman
Nelson went directly to the residence 1 of
the Snell family. Mrs. Snell met the of
ficers at the door, and being anxious to
comply with any request that might lead
to the identity of the fiend who did the
shooting or throw 'light on the- mystery
in any way. conducted them to a rather
cozy room in .the .attic, where.Miss'An
derson slept. The officers rummaged the
injured woman's effects and found several
letters, one of which gave, them an im
portant clew to the solution of the mys
tery. It was a letter of warning "from
her half-brother' Olsen.' In the letter he
wrote- that I he'-, was sorry that -he~ had
thrown the man 1 - Anderson : In his. sister Is
path. The letter "contained other informa
tion bearing on the case, the exact natufe
of which the : police refused :to divulge; ; :
Miss 'Anderson was. closely questioned
about her. acquaintance with -Anderson,
but she showed a disposition" to evade- the
issue. Policeman' Nelson ' Importuned u her
to unseal her lips,', but - she clung .tena
ciously to the '.story r .she" told onthe pre
vious night/ eliminating nothing save the
cloud of suspicion she threw in the direc
tion of Gripman C.Lii Jones; -who had
charge of the Hayes-street car upon
which she rode to.^the scene of the
shooting.; ;; <;.*..'' ! v'. v ; '• ' ..'.
In, that instance , Miss Anderson':,ex
plained that she thought it was ! one of
the car." crew,; because she said she heard
a shot on the outside of the car just as
the car stopped to let her off at Ashbury
street.. Conductor John .Wyatt gstated : to
Chief Wittman early, yesterday", morning
that Just before the car stopped at ; Ash
bury street he slammed the door leading
to the dummy and it fnade a sharp report
similar to that of a revolver. .-.¦•; - : \
Miss Anderson's story that she was ac
costed as soon as she left the car by an
unknown man, who first grabbed her by
the throat .and then; without a word of
warning, fired the shot into her slde,<does
not stami the test of careful calculation
of- the distance from the point where she
left the car to -the Snell home and the
time elapsing between the -first, scream
heard by the neighbors and the shot that
¦lines crossing' the, State were coming in
only thirty minutes late.' ' — .. " .
: The-thousands of people who make their
homes in the cities, towns and villages of
New Jersey lying within twenty miles of
New York City, and who are in business
or work here, suffered great inconvenience
in the morning. For four hours the North
River ferries ran irregularly and with
small Joads, all the morning trains being
late. - --
PRINCE HEMBY FAR OUT ON OCEAN
Staten Islanders Suffer.
Staten Islanders suffered more than the
residents of any at the boroughs of
Greater New York. The boats were all
much behind time and no effort was made
to keep schedule time, the main trouble
being due to the great masses of ice
packed In the slips at St. George.- The
island itself v.-as completely sxjowed un
der and the movement of trolley, cars or
trains were brought to a halt. Even
sleighs were » unable to make their way
through the great drifts. In the after
noon a few trains were got through on the
North Shore by using the big freight en
gines of the Baltimore and Ohio road. De
railed trains stopped all traffie- on the
South Shore line.
The conditions of traffic were in every
respect greater than In the great blizzard
of 1SSS.
Telegraph and telephone service in New
York experienced little interruption, for
while the snow was heavy there was no
elept to break the wires.
The fleet of warships lying off Quaran
tine to await the arrival of Prince Henry
was for hours cut off by floating ice from
communication with the shore.
Forty. marines who put off to the ships
The congestion of traffic on the Man
hattan street car lines was severe during
the morning, when many of the avenues
were blocked with long 'lines' of stalled
cars. On Broadway wheel traffic was con
lined to narrow lanes between high snow
hills, and along these cabs, trucks and
cars crawled at a snail's pace. From
other thoroughfares truck j traffic disap
peared almost entirely. . ; - <-
In the shopping district " the blockade
was so complete that several of the great
department stores closed at 4 o'clock* «
Throughout Brooklyn the blockade was
even more general than in Manhattan
and little progress- was made by the
street-cleaning department beyond open
ins cross walks on the principal streets.
Coney Island, Fort Hamilton and Canar
sle were completely cut off from all com
munication from over the Brighton Beach
road, on which half a dozen trains were
helplessly stalled at one time. During
the day not over C9 per cent of the cars
of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit svstem
were In operation and thousands of per
sons were compelled to make their way
on foot to the ferries.
There was considerable delay in the ar
rival of, the malls. The Chicago maiL
due at 4:45 o'clock, did not get .in until
7:35 a. m. and the Washington ' was an
hour and a quarter late. The local deliv
eries of mail were hampered by the diffi
culty of driving the wagons "through the
ssnow-incumbered streets. All outgoing
mails were closed from thirty minutes to
an hour before the usual time. Msflls on
the New York Central were from two to
three hours late and all mail service be
tween this city and points on Long Island
was practically suspended. The trains on
iUl lines terminating in Jersey City were
hours behind time during the morning,
but toward evening the schedules were
more nearly maintained. On the New
1'ork Central through trains were being
moved nearly on time by taking off the
local trains.
Mails Are All Delayed.
To-night the Weather Bureau reports,
that the worst of the snowfall, . whicn be
tan to. ab.aie in the afternoon. Is prob
ably over. The fall up to 3 o'clock tHis
irlternoon was 9.3 inches. This afternoon
hurricane warnings were hoisted at Sandy
Hook and New 1'ork and many vessels
were detained in port-
Communication between Manhattan and
Brooklyn v.-as subject to long delay. The
lerry-boats with difficulty made trips
across the ice-choked rivers and the work
of tugboats, lighters and shipping gen
erally was almost at a standstill. So
heavy was the snowfall that the loading
cf vessels was stopped, it "being impos
sible to k«ep the hatches open. •
Two steamers which arrived during the
night struggled as far as quarantine,
¦wnere they came to anchor. Several
steamers are supposed to .be off- Sandy
Hook waiting lor the storm to abate be
lore attempting to enter the • port. -
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.-New York City
has borne the brunt of the fiercest snow
storm that has struck this section of the
country since the great blizzard of 18S8.
Beginning soon after midnight the storm
increased rapidly until by daybreak the
whole city was completely snowed under.
The rising force of the gale piled the snow
in great drifts that for some time almost
suspended traffic except in the 'main thor
uughfares, where the car tracks were
kept open only by the constant use of
snowplows and sweepers.
. It Is not likely that the Council will at-,
tempt to pass the franchise over the Veto,
for Councilman -Allen has Indicated that
he Is no longer prepared to brave the
storm of public opinion and his vote, : In
all probability, would be cast In support
of the veto. . It Is probable that the case
¦will get into the courts through the syn
dicate beginning work on the new routes,
and Injunction proceedings will then be
commenced. .
' Enormous pressure has been brought to
bear upon Mayor Snyder to veto the fran
chises, and his political foes have given
wide circulation to a report that he has
been promise'd lofty political preferment
In exchange for his veto. Senator W. A.
Clark, they declare, has pledged the
Mayor his Influence and support in obtain
ing the. Democratic gubernatorial nomi
nation, and. in the event of his nomina
tion, has assured him of election."
.To-night a big crowd of citizens, headed
by a band, proceeded to- Mayor Snyder'a
house and gave him a serenade. Great
enthusiasm, was manifested.
Representatives of the Huntlngton-Hell
man syndicate announced to-day that no
notice would be taken of the veto and that
work on the new lines would be com
menced at once. This Is in accordance
with eminent legal opinion, which holds
that the Mayor's veto Is of no effect what
ever, as the granting of franchises rests
entirely with the legislative body.
¦ Has a Bearing on Politics.
This grant of the right to lay a third rail in
so many of the streets is a proposal of most
dangerous effect. Thi3 would permit in some
of the narrow streets the laying cf fclx rails,
there being double tracks in all of them, ana
would practically monopolize the main por
tions of those thoroughfares.
The most serious problem contained in this
proposed ordinance is the grant of th« priv
ileges of -running freight cars and trains of
freight, cars through the streets, and the us«
,of the streets for freight traffic.
The specious argument Is made that such an
unlimited right of freight traffic would prob
ably not ba exercised. .Experience teaches that
private corporations use their power and rights
to the maximum rather than to the mlnlmura.
Regarding the third -rail privilege; he
says :
Opposes Freight Privileges.
The message is lengthy, ' Mayor Snyder
going into the merits of the case in detail.
Briefly his objections may be summed up
as follows: The obnoxious freight-carry
ing privilege; the third rail clause; Inad
equate compensation to the city; dry rot
of monopoly entailed. Regarding the flr3t
subject the Mayor says:
By the proposed ordinance, the authorities
of the city of Los Angeles would grant to a
private corporation an easement over thirteen
miles of the city's street3 for forty years, the
franchise carrying exclusive, special and ex
traordinary privileges. This 13 3uch a far
reaching: proposition, and its effect upon the
present and future welfare of the municipality
is so potential, that It must be moat ' seriously
considered.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17.— Mayor Sny
der sent a message to the City ' Council
this morning vetoing the street railway
franchises awarded to the Huntlngton-
Hellman syndicate last week. The Coun
cil chamber was thronged by spectators
and the reading of the- message was fre
quently interrupted by prolonged cheers
for the Mayor. At the conclusion of the
reading the \ Council deferred action on
the message until a special meeting on
Wednesday morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Several Steamers Are Off Sandy Ho->k
Waiting for the Wind to Sub
side Before Attempting
to Enter Port.
City's Executive's Course Please3 the
Populace, and Its Effect
May Be Felt in State
Politics.
Travel Both by Water and
Rail Is Almost Entirely
Suspended.
Syndicate Declares It Will
Ignor9 His Official
Action.
Blizzard Sweeps Over
Pennsylvania and
New York.
Mayor of Los Angeles
Vetoes Franchise
Ordinance.
FIERCE SNOW
STORM RAGE
IN THE EAST
HUNTINGTON
IS BALKED
BY SNIDER
ANNIE ANDERSON A VICTIM OF JEALOUS RAGE
AND POLICE ARE HOT ON TRAIL OF A SUSPECT
,TOE SA^; FEANCISCO CALI;;; : TIJESDAY V ; TO
2
A New York manufacturer who found that he
; was quite a bit overstocked on Pajamas remarked about
his predicament to our Eastern buyer. It didn't take
him long to close a deal with the manufacturer for a
big, order.: But the buyer got the goods at his own
price, shipped most of them to our San Francisco
store. We are selling the goods now for $1.00 a suit.
If-scld under the usual circumstances the price of the
/ Pajamas would be. $1.50 and $2.00 a suit.
The materialis Madras and Soft Flannelette, in
neat up-to-date colorings and patterns. Remember the
. ,:0uf-of-iown orders filled— write us. ,
ADVEBTISEMEUTS. -
' !
'Mark Twain's
Cousin,
G. C. Clemens, of Topeka,
ly taken for the . *
original Mark, G - c - Clemens,
is a man of deep intellect and
wide experience. He is con-
sidered one * the foremost
lawyers in this country. In a re-
cent letter to the Dr. Miles
Medical Co., Mr. Clemens says:
* * "Personal experience and obser-
vation have thoroughly satisfied me that
Dr. Miles' Nervine contains true merit,
and is excellent for what it is recom-
mended."
Mr. Norman Waltrip, Sup. Pres, Bank- i .
ers' Fraternal Society, Chicago, says:
Padix Fill^
are invaluable, for 'headache and all
pain. I had been a great sufferer from"
I neadache nntil I learned of the efficacy
! cf Dr. Miles' Pain Pills. - Now I always-,
" carry them and prevent recurring . ct-
tacks by taking a pill when the symp-
toms first appear."
• Sold by all Druggists.'
Price, 25c. per Box.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Eikhart, <V.d.Continued From Page One.
BILL REPEALING WAR TAXES PASSED
VENTURA, Feb. 17.— Dr. C. L.. Bard,
brother of United States Senator Thomas
R. Bard, Is dying. Physicians held a con
sultation yesterday and at its conclusion
pronounced his case hopeless. Death may
come within a day or two or the. Invalid
may linger several weeks. Dr. Bard has
been in falling health for months past
and for some time has been . confined to
his bed.
Physicians Hold Consultation and
Announce That There Is
No Hope.
DR. C. L. BARD DYING
IN HIS VENTURA HOME
General Miles does not favor the
scheme, and if he Is called upon by the
military committees of the Senate and
the House he will undoubtedly present a
strong argument in opposition to It. Of
ficers close to General Miles: say that if
he and his officers were properly recog
nized by the War Department there
would be no friction. Whe'n General
Miles left the President he seemed de
cidedly pleased at something .the" Presi
dent had said to him. One- reporter
called after him as he descended the
stars, "Say, general, did you do any
tobogganing in there?"' General Miles
was tickled by the question, and his
laughter penetrated to an anteroom,
where other callers were waiting for an
opportunity to see Roosevelt.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
CALL^ BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHIKGTON, Feb. 17.— Army men
are deeply interested In the call of Lieu
tenant General Miles upon the President
this morning. The two men were together
for three-quarters of an hour. Imme
diately after the departure of Lieutenant
General Miles Secretary Root appeared
and consulted with the President. This
was the first time since Root adminis
tered to' Miles a reprimand for discussing
the Schley case that the general has had
an extended talk with Roosevelt. He has
severed relations entirely with Root and
has not been in his office since the day
when he handed him his explanation of
the Interview for which he was so-se
verely condemned. The army headquar
ters was completely Ignored by Secretary
Root in connection with his preparation
of a "bill for the reorganization of the
staff, abolishing the office of commanding
general and creating a chief of staff, who
shall be detailed for four years. Secre
tary Root consulted with. all the chiefs of
the staff department, b t not with Gen
eral Miles. Army officers who know Gen
eral Miles* views would not be sur
prised should it develop that he talked
to-day with the President in regard to
Root's reorganization plan.
Morning Visit to White
House Interests
Army Men.
MILES CONSULTS
THE PRESIDENT
4 At the Bee Hive Shoe Co., where regular
Vjs.50 shoes for men and women are sold
for $LS5. Good wearing, neat and stylish,
yet only JL85. 717 Market St., near Third.*
,£3.50 Ladies' and Men's Shoes $1.85
The Phenomenal Importations
of 120,359 cases G. H. : MTJMM'S EXTRA
DRY. in 1901 "strikingly shows appreci
ation of auality."-. Enormous reserves^of
this splendid vintage,, guarantee i main
tenance of, highest 'standard. : ¦ •
GROTON. Mass.. Feb. 17.— The progress
of the President's son In his convalescence
from his recent attack of pneumonia, con
tjnues most favorable, lt Is announced by
Dr. Warren.
President's Son Improves.
SAN- DIEGO, Feb. ? 17.— By a nomination
made * ( to .the United - States : Senate .to-day'
the" contest for .the ; appointment^ as ' Post
master I of i. San - Diego ••'.;. is ;"> ended ] and •; J.
. Naylor > Newklrk, : tei ler - of /, the t First ; - Na
tional Bank," has iwon. -s He was the nomi
nee of Congressman Needham and his ap-
Dolntment - expected- as » soon > as the
President i got • back ; from : the bedside of
The term for ; which M; . A; Luce,, the
present Postmaster,' was named ends next
month and his friends have already placed
him : before the people for ! the nomination
for i Congress ¦- from this : district, 1 -
years ago he | was .urged ; to | make the race
for I the • nomination,^ but ¦ declined ; because
AV. '¦ W/- Bowers i had ,' already . announced
himself 'for .the -place. MlgMBjjM
Try for- a^ Congressional
-Nomination.
¦ ¦¦ • ¦'- ' . "i> •" ' '¦ ' - ¦¦¦-'¦'¦. ¦ - _ J ¦ ¦
Luce. When His j Term • Expires, Will
NET^KIRK^TO BE 'SAN"! /
; DIEGO'S^ POSTMASTER
-The verbal amendments were agreed to
In gross. Payne, the majority . leader, de
manded the ayes and noes upon the im
mediate passage 4t the bill.
The bill was passed unanimously, . 278
members voting aye. The announcement
of the result was applauded on both sides
of the house. At 2:50 o'clock the House
"Is there objection?" he asked. He
waited a . moment. Not a sound was
heard..
"The chair hears no objection,",- said
the Speaker, as he brought his gavel
down. Then spontaneously ' from ¦ both
sides the applause rang but. At one mo
ment all doubt was wiped >out. and the
clerk, by direction of -the Speaker, read
th© bill. .
Members looked at each other in amaze
ment. Only a few of the Democrats had
knowledge of the contemplated coup ' and
none of the Republicans had wind of it.
The Speaker put the question and raised
his gavel. . ,
no break on cither side on the subsequent
adoption of the rule Itself, which was
carried, 158 to 120. . :
Upon the announcement of .the vole
Richardson, the minority leader, sprang
a surprise. Rising In his, seat he said:
"Mr. Speaker, I rise- to make a request
for unanimous consent. 1 note the fact
that we are not permitted to . amend the
pending bill, and also the fact that two
days Is . absolutely fruitless under this
rule. I ask unanimous consent that' the
bill be put on its passage now." (Ap
plause on both sides.) ..'.:¦ -.-¦
\ : SAILED. - ' ; - ;
'Monday. February 17.
Stmr " Chehalls, Thompson, Grays Harbor. ,
Stmr Xavarro, Devltt,;— . , ,.->-'
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, .
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN.' 12 P.. M.
'.. Br ship Castle Rock,' from Antwerp. . ".
. DOMESTIC \ PORTS. '" .
PORT" --TOWNSENP— Sailed ; Feb 17— Schr
Oceano:, Vance, ;_fro»n i Port Hadlock, for San
Diego. . • .¦'"¦'
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for : Port Hadlock. , r. ,
Arrived Feb. 17— Br bark Lota,
from Caldera: ¦•••••_ • .
.Arrived "'Feb : 17 — Br ship Conway.H from
PORTLAND— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Star of
Germany; -.from". Taltal. - ." - •
ISLAND FORT.
¦ HONOLULU— Sailed ¦ Feb 0— Am '. bark ; C D
Bryant, ¦* for San ; Francisco ; [ Am :: bark Alden'
Bease. •¦ for -' San ? Francisco; US. transport
Meade, for San: Francisco. ".. ;.
,-• 'Arrived: Feb 0— U ; S transport Thomas, from
San - Francisco." - \ ' ;- ¦•.,.
\; FOREIGN^ PORT. :¦
VICTORIA; C— Arrived Feb 17-iStmr
Queen, . renca, "Feb 15; Br, ship Belford, from
Jx»ndon.--: ¦•: ¦.,-•* '¦ ' •••¦ :- ¦¦•¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦: • ~\ ¦¦•; ..-.' ¦• ,
Sailed : Feb 17— Br stmr Glenesk, ' for — :
' ¦ - :•- . --; . .,;¦• -. ;. ocean steamers;, i ¦-.
,'¦ LIZARD— Passed Feb -17— Stmr Switzerland,
from Philadelphia,"- for Antwerp. ;
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived * ; Feb ; , 17— Stmr
Noordland. from Liverpool, via Queenstown. *;
~- : TRIESTE.^ Austria;' Feb.i. 17.— The r strikers
here resumed work to-dav.".- their demands hav
ing ' been , conceded. .•
LATE ' SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Oregon— Increase— Benjamin ' F. Owen*
Monmouth; $10; Madison M. Smith Dal
las, $12. Widows— Sarah Lewis, Marsh
field,. $8. ¦_ • i i ' ¦
Washington— Original — Walter Scott '
Spokane, $6; Nathan B.' Ward, Vashon- $s"
; Army orders: -Captain Carroll A.' Dcvol"
quartermaster,, upon being relieved - at
Schuylkill arsenal,- Philadelphia by Can
tain Joseph C. Byron, will proceed to San
Francisco as general;' superintendent of
the ' army transport service at > that place
to relieve Major Oscar F.: Long '
v These pensions were ¦ granted:' Califor
nia—Original—Michael H. Lynch, Veter
ans' Home, Napa, $6; Theodore D. Lan
des, Sugar Pine, $8. Increase— John Farley,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10; Lewis K.
Wilcox, Los Angeles, $12; Edgar T. Dudley,
San Francisco, $10; Abner R. Doughty
.Veterans' Home, ¦ Napa, $12; Samuel '-- C
George, Porterville, $12; John H. James,
Soldiers'. Home, Los Angeles, $12; William
A. Oliver, -Veterans'. Home, j Napa, ' $1?-
John Adams Miller, Veterans' Home'
Napa, $12; Washington*!. Wright, Veter
ans' -Home, Napa, $12;. William H. Coffey '
Veterans' Home. Napa, $12; David How
ell, Oakland, $12; William C. Medberry
Veterans^ Home, Napa., $12; James Kelly*
Vallejo, $19 50;«Albert Carmlchael, Julian'
$8. Mexican War— Widow Nash,' Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12; Widow- Melissa
A. ., Hohmann. Santa Cruz, $8;- Emma J'
Martin; San, Francisco, $8.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.—Post
master 'commissioned: California— Jacob
G. , Combs, PhilUpsvllle.' I
» Substation No. 36 of the San Francisco
postoffice will be established April 1 at
207 Montgomery street. : /
Rural free delivery will be established
April 1 at Hollywood, Los Angeles Coun
ty, California, with William B. Atwell as
carrier. • ¦ •
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and . More New Pen
sions Are Granted. ..'
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE ; ': ,
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
HONOLULU, Feb. 9.— Governor Dole
acknowledged: that 'he has received ¦ an
indirect intimation from Washington that
his -would be desirable. He
told The Call correspondent "this yester
day, but also^clalmed that he could not
tell what the i indirect v intimation was
worth.
Judge Little,, one. of nthe gubernatorial
candidates, has hurried here from Hllo.
He does not think any importance at
taches; to the letter sent by ..President
Roosevelt <to George Carter. •; . -' '
A 1 mass-meeting was held last night un
der:the auspices of the Republican.Terri
torial < Central .w Committee to protest
againsftne .bill. recently Introduced' Into
Congress by Delegate Wilcox providing
for the establishment of a. national laza
retto at . Molokal. : The ' meeting was
largely attended, ¦ representatives from
commercial i interests and various promi
nent people . being, present. ,. The greatest
interest was taken in the proceedings by
the . natives, I several v of ; their leaders be
ing' heard "In '"opposition to . the ; measured
Judge J. Kalaukou ; presided. •. W. C. ¦ Achi.
a native Senator, elected on ;the Republi
can-ticket, made the principal address of
the evening. -William Aylett, native mem
ber of the- House, also spoke, as did .Wil
liam . Olepau.v a Representative from; the
natives.,- --- : -i" -'-:'¦ -: '¦• - : ':¦,'¦ v^ . / ¦. .-. r .
The sentiment of, the speakers appeared
to be * strongly " against the • enactment • of
the measure, for they 'declared that the
Territory should take care of its own and
the mainland 'of : its lepers and snot <seek
to make theseTislands the dumping ground
for the diseased."* It was claimed also that
the lepers on Molokai were opposed to the
measure,, instead ; of > favoring it, as' its
advocates : had represented. ' .
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 17.— A < special to the
Post-Dispatch from New Madrid, Mo.,
rays that last night a crowd of masked
men overpowered the jailer and took a
negro, Louis Wright, a short distance
from town and hanged him. Richard &
Pringle's negro minstrels gave an enter
tainment there Saturday night, when an
altercation arose between one of the mu
sicians and some of the white town boys.
Several of the boys undertook to take th»
musicians out, when the negroes on the
stage began to shoot. Several whites in
the audience were hit, but no one was
seriously hurt. The negroes ran out the
back way to their private car, which was
«oon surrounded by armed men. but no
violence was done owing to the arrival of
the town" marshal. All the negroes were
put in jail, and as the result of an exam
ination the name of the one who did the
ehooting was discovered. He was lynched
and the others will be released. Several
of the prisoners were badly beaten Satur
day night. *•
CROWD OF MASKED MEN"
LYNCH 2TEGKO PBISONEB
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.—Representa
tive H. C. Smith of Michigan to-day intro
duced a bill amending the act of July 24,
1838, by authorizing the President to nego
tiate a reciprocity treaty between the
United States and Cuba for a period of
ten years by vrhich the United States shall
refund to the Cuban Government quarter
ly 40 per cent of duties on the condition
that Cuba shall grant a concession of all
duties on all articles Imported by Cuba
from the United States and on condition
that no duties shall be refunded on any
article for the production of which any
bounty shall have been provided or have
been paid.
It is explained that Smith's bill Is In
line with the general sentiment of the
Michigan delegation • to protect the beet
Bugar industry -of that State, as the re
fund proposed is to the Cuban Govern
ment and not to sugar planters.
troduces Bill Authorizing Presi
dent to Slake Negotiations. .
Congressman Smith of Michigan In-
CUBAN" BECIPBOCITY ¦' >
TREATTT-IS SUGGESTED
Governor Admits Having
Received Such an
Intimation.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, K.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.—ImmedlatP
ly after the formal transfer of sovereign
ty qver the' Danish West Indies to the
United States the Navy Department' may
establish an important coaling station at
St. Thomas. /Whether the navd\ station
will *>e located at this point remains to
be determined. Rear Admirar R. B. Brad
ford Chief of the Bureau of Naval Equip
ment' has been carefully considering tne
matter, and has about reached the con
clusion that it will be better to distribute
the American coal and supply stations
rather thar/ to concentrate tnem at one
point and give an enemy stronger at sea
an opportunity, of blockading dan Juan
harbor. \ ,.
An American squadron could proceed to
St." Thomas and there obtain supplies, or
if St Thomas were Invested It could sail
for San Juan. Besides these two points a
coal pile will be -kept: at Culebra Island,
in the Virgin Passage, .which separates
Porto Rico • and : St. Thomas. - Rear, Ad
miral Bradford does not anticipate diffi
culty - in acquiring , the : ;land at ..St.
Thomas." Denmark now has a reservation
which "will become the property of this
Government and it can be added to by
purchase from private parties.
With coaling stations at San Juan, Cu
lebra and St. Thomas the United States
will dominate the West Indies, a most
important strategical advantage, which
will be I even greater when the isthmian
canal is completed. Greats Britain has a
naval base at Jamaica,' but that point will
be practically surrounded when the Unit
ed States, acquires a ¦ coaling,' station in
Cuba and : In Colombia. France has Mar
tinique and Guadaloupe,. which are "not
far away from the Danish islands." Great
Britain owns other islands of the Wind
ward group of the Leeward Islands. Cura
cao is the. property of Holland.
. Naval officers .place great stress upon
the excellent strategic position obtained
by the United: States as ; a result of .the
acquisition of the Danish West Indies: At
the- same time it'. Is pointed out that tho
real reason which caused the administra
tion to purchase them was the chance
that" Germany 'might, endeavor to become
their sovereign.' - • ¦ .".¦ . r ~.
GAIN MADE IN STRATEGY.
"Women in Venezuela" was the sub
ject of a paper by Mrs. Jose Rafael
Kjcart of Caracas, read by Harriet Tay
lor Upton. Senorita. Carolina Huidobri of
Chile spoke on "Women in South Ameri
can Republics," with particular reference
to Mexico, Chile, Argentina and Para
guay. -
Other speakers were Federico Degetau
of Porto Rico on "Women in Porto
Rico"; Mrs. Harriet Poetter Nourse. on
"Women in the Philippines," and Rev.
Anna H. Shaw on '"Impressions of a
Traveler in the West Indies."
Mne. Sophia Friedland of Russia de
livered an Interesting address on
"Women in Russia," The remainder of
the afternoon was devoted to Interna
tional reports from Spanish-American
countries.
At the afternoon session Mrs. Mariana
W. Chapman cf New York read a brief
report on the work- of the Friends Equal
Rights Association.
Except in the case of second auditor.
Dr. Cora Smith "Eaton declining a re
election, all the old officers were re
elected. While the ballots were being
counted ex-United States Senator H. W.
Blair delivered a short address.
President, Carrie Chapman Catt of New
Tork; honorary presidents — Elizabeth Cady
Etanton, New York; Susan B. Anthony,
Rochester, IC. T. : vice prisident at large. Rev.
Anna. Shaw; corresponding secretary, Kate M.
Gordon. Xew York; recording secretary, Alice
E. Blaclrtt-ell, Boston; treasurer. Harriet Tay
lor Upton, Warren, Ohio; auditors — Laura
Clay, Lexington, Ky. ; lire. Mary G. Cogswell,
Des Mcines, Iowa..
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Interest In
to-day's session of the National Woman
Suffrage Convention attached principally
to the election of officers for the ensuing
year, which resulted as follows:
The election of the directors of the
other two classes resulted as follows:
'¦ Class 2. for two years, ending: 1903 — Francis
H. Peabody, Charles Steele, William H. -More,
Norman B. Rewn, Peter A, B. Widener, James
H. Reed, Henry C. Frick and William E. Den
born. • ¦ • '
Class S, for three year*, ending 1904 — J. Pler
pont Morgan, John D. Rockefeller, Henry H.
Rogers, Charles M. Schwab, Elbert H. Gary,
George W. Perkins, Edmond C. Converse, Per
cival Roberts Jr. • , ' ...
When the meeting opened it" "was an
nounced that holders of 76*per cent of the
stock were present, either, .in person' or
b> # proxy. Judge Gary, presided, at the
meeting. . ¦ ...
¦ The only incident not down In the pro
gramme was the request- of a man named
Strauss, who had proxies for J. Lt. Koeh
ler, holder of ten shares of common
stock, to take copies of the three agree
ments with J. P. Morgan & Co., syndicate
managers, which was granted him, Judge
Gary remarking that all the books of the
company were then on the table for in
spection. '
'xne directors will meet next month for
the election of officers. - ¦¦;
The . following directors of class . t,
whose terms expired to-day, were re
elected:.
Marshall Field. Daniel G. Reed.' John D.
Rockefeller, Alfred Clifford, William F. Dodge.
Nathaniel Thayer, Abram S. Hewitt and Clem
ent A. Griscom. .
NEW 'YORK, Feb. 17.— The first annual
meeting of the United States Steel Cor
poration was held to-day in Hoboken, N.
J. The annual report made public a few
weeks ago was presented. The by-laws,
as amended, were approved, Including
the change in the date -of , the annual
meeting to April 1 and the date of the be
ginning of the fiscal year to January 1
to correspond with the calendar year. All
the acts of the board of directors, the ex
ecutive committee and finance committee
since the organization of the company on
February 25, 1901, were ratified, including
the agreements . entered into with ; J. P.
Morgan & Co., syndicate managers, on
March 1 and April 1, 1901, and January 3,
1902, the last being an agreement of final
settlement and release.
DOLE IS ASKED
FOR RESIGNATION
AN JOSE, Feb. 17.— Mrs. Bernard
ft^^ D. Murphy, one of the best known
women of- this county" and. the
AJs^r.jState, died at. her home' in Sunny-.
-. -vale at:12'6'clock last night: . She
had been ill for a. month,'; but her death
was sudden; and unexpected by her fam
ily. . The immediate; cause was acute ca
pillary bronchitis,; a type of quick pneu
monia. • The attack manifested itself at
noon yesterday. Mrs. Murphy grew rap-
Idly worse and passed away at midnight.
Mrs.' -Murphy was * the ' wife of < B. D.
Murphy, one of the, most prominent citi
zens of California and at present one of
the State Bank Commissioners. Mrs. Mur
phy, before her. marriage was Miss Annie
McGeoghegan, a native of New York. She
married B. D. Murphy in 1869; , . ;
Mrs. Murphy was one of the most chari
table women in California. For years she
was president of the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society of this city. . . Her purse .was ' al
ways open to- the needy, her good deeds
and philanthropic enterprises were innum
erable and no .woman in this section of
California was more universally -beloved
Evelyn. Elizabeth, Gertrude and Helen
Murphy. >
For the past two years Mrs. Murphy
has .been residing In - Sunnyvale, eight
miles west of this .city, near the old Mar
tin Murphy homestead.
National Woman Suf
frage Convention Re
elects Old Officers.
Directors Are Elected to
Serve in the Several
Classes.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY WOMAN WHO LIVED AN UNSELFISH AND
CHARITABLE LIFE, AND WHOSE SUDDEN DEMISE IS MOURNED
THROUGHOUT THE. ENTIRE STATE. :
PETALUMA, Feb. 17.— Robert Durie.
John Stumpf, O Oster and A. Juza, boy j
between 13 and 15 years of age, were ar
rested to-day for. a series of burglaries
committed in several local stores. All of
the boys are of respected families All
but Durie are out on ball. The spoils of
the burglaries were small merchandise,
knives, wearing apparel and small change.
These they hid away. They were caught
red-handed in H. Schluckebier's hardware
stare last night, after having entered bv
a rope through a skylight. They robbed
the Full Value dry goods store, Spots
.wood's blacksmith shop and other places.
When caught they had a bunch of skele
ton keys, a brace and bits and other bur
glar tools. ¦ ...
POTJB PETALTJMA BOYS
ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY
INDORSES WORK
OF OLD BOARD
STEEL COMBINE
HOLDS MEETING
"¦ He based his opposition . to this : pro
vision on the ground that " the constitu
tion should extend to the islands when
they became a part of the 'United States/
Ho said, however, that the failure to ac
cept the amendment would not prevent
his voting for the treaty, for he believed
In the Monroe doctrine. ¦
The amendment was rejected without
division. ¦ • i t.'-: ;- -
Senator Cullom explained all the pro
visions of the treaty and gave a detailed
account of the islands' resources, of their
trade value to the United States. He said
the provision affecting the" civil rights of
the inhabitants was similar to the pro
vision 'on the same subject in the Spansh
treaty ¦ concerning Porto Rico.
, Senator Cullom said that in taking the
islands the United States would assume
no burden of debt, as by the. terms of the
agreement all claims made by Denmark
against the Insular treasury would be
canceled. He placed the total of the
claims at $2,000,000. He also explained the
nature of the obligations the United States
would assume in reference to * the ] St.
Thomas Floating Dock Company and the
.West India and Panama Company, say
ing that on the telegraph franchise it
would be necessary to pay a subsidy ; of
$4000 per year for three or four years and
that In- both cases there was an agree
ment to protect the charters for the time
granted by Denmark. He also' gave a
detailed history of- the St. . Croix ? Sugar
Company, explaining : that- the Govern
ment of Denmark ,^: had assumed debts
amounting to about $700,000 for that con
cern, but had agreed to wind up the af
fairs of the company as soon as practi
cable, thus relieving the United States
of all complications on account of that
company, v .;;... * ¦¦
Senator Cullom explained that under the
terms of the treaty the United States was
to take possession of the islands as soon
as ratifications could' be exchanged, and
said that it would not be necessary to de
lay that act until the appropriation of
money to pay for them could be made.
The harbor at St. ¦¦Thomas' Island- was
described as one of the safest and best
in the West Indies and the importance of
its possession from a strategic point was
enlarged upon. ¦ - " • . ¦'
Senator. Cullom's motion to ratify the
treaty T^as adopted by a viva voce vote.
,: The treaty j and the report on -it \ were
read at length and more^ or less discus
sion of the proposition , was indulged- in.
Senator Cullom as chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations made a speech
explaining the advantages of the.acquisi
tion of the islands and Senator McLaurin
of Mississippi made brief remarks, say-,
,ing that while he. could not indorse all the
provisions of the treaty, he would place
no obstacles in the. way of ratification.
i Senator B^con moved" to ¦ amend , the
treaty -by striking out the second para
graph'*of article 3 of the treaty, reading
| as fojjows: g . ; ' . v • - • * • .
Tl% civil Ylghts and ' status of the • lnhab
1 ltants^ of the islands 6hall be determined by
(ingress, subject- to the stipulations contained
I in the present convention.
WASHINGTON," Feb. 17.— To-dayj in a
little more than an hour's time*the.Sen
ate disposed of the jreaty with Denmark,
ceding, to the United States for. a: consid
eration of- $5,000,000 the^. islands of ; St.
Thomas,' St. John and St. Croix, comQps-
Ing the group of the /Antilles known :as
the Danish' West Indies, and lying, north
east • of Porto Rico , \ and thus so ', far as
this country .* iscohcerned consummated
a transactiop which has been unGer/con
sideration" intermittently . since the, ad
ministration of President Lincoln.
After the adjournment of the meeting
the laborers paraded the streets. There
were several clashes with the troops, con
tinues the correspondent. The city was on
the verge of a panic.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Rome says that at a
great meeting of laborers held there to-,
day it was decided to submit the question
of a general strike to the vote of the va
rious labor unions.
During the rioting at Barcelona tha
troops nred on the mob, killing one per
son and wounding , twenty-four. An un
confirmed telegram received here gives
the results of the charging and firing by
the troops at ten killed and sixty- Eve
wounded.
Replying, Benor Gonzales, Minister of
the Interior, said that the Prefect of Bar
celona was not able to send a police com
missary to - each of the saventy-two
simultaneous strikers' meetings in that
city. After -further explanations Senor
Gonzales introduced a bill asking tne
Chamber to authorize the suspension of
constitutional guarantees in the Province
of Barcelona.
In the Chamber thi3 evening General
Castellanos taxed the Government wren
lack of energy in dealing -with the Bar
celona rioters.
MADRID, Feb. 17.— It is estimated, that
40,000 men have struck at Barcelona anrl
serious rioting Is reported there to-day.
The, mob attempted 1 to sack the market
buildings and stopped all street traffic.
The factories and shops In the city have
been closed. Groups of women bearing
banners are taking a prominent part :u
the disturbances. Several battalions ' uC
troops are clearing the streets. ¦
BARCELONA. Feb. 17.— The strike sit
uation here Is becoming more grave. A
state of siege has been proclaimed. Tho
printers have tied up all the papers anr!
none of them is appearing.
Factories and Shops, in -the City
Have Been Closed and All
Street Traffic Is Sus
pended.
Civil and : Status of the In-.
habitants to Be Betermined ¦
by' Congrress , Subject w to i ;
: Certain Stipulations^ V ¦ •
Women Bearing Banners Are
Taking Prominent Part
in the Riots.
Three .Islands North
east; of Porto "Rico Be
come Our Property.
Senate Quickly : v Ratifies
Agreement Made
With Denmark.
Desperate Mob Attempts
to Sack the Market
. Buildings.
DISH WEST
INDIES TREATY
TROOPS FIRE
ON STRIKERS
AT BARCELONA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; FEBRIJARY 18, 1902.
Philanthropic Mrs. ; Bernard D. Murphy Suc
cumbs; Suddenly to an Attack of Quick
Pneumonia at -Her Home in Sunnyvale
DEATH CALLS A WOMAN
NOTE D FOR GOOD DE EDS
than she. In society she was a great fa
vorite. "While her husband was Mayor of
this city and later State Senator she en
tertained lavishly, guests coming from all
parts • of the State t.o ; attend the < social
functions in the Murphy home. • ¦ v-^-
The husband, two sons, five daughters
and a brother, John T. McGeoghegan of
this : city, survive her. The children are
Mrs. • Ward Wright and Martin. Patrick,
3
I 4fflRBl of our$10°° J
Y patterns are neat, the material is all wool, and /•
I the making is done in a careful, painstaking I
/' manner, from the first snip, of the shears to I
•7; tKe last touch of the ; pressings iron. The suits |
I fit as well as much higher priced clothes, and |
I taking the* suits in arid"; out^ they are worth 1
\ every cent of the. price— and the price, although \
1 low, (does riot mean cheap clothing. Have us ' 1
I make up one of the suits tpr you— if you don't I
I like it you don't have to pay for it. ; If .you do. I
/ like it; we will agree to keep it in repair free I
I for a year. Come in,. choose your cloth and I
I step up on the measuring pedestal — you; run I
SNWSoPsfo I
V >\^>1 .¦'..:.'-¦-'¦.¦'-'•¦•.•;•¦ . . - - ¦ Out-of-town orders for made-to- i
-¦\&f ¦¦.-.'. ¦. 'J[ order clothing fitted— satisfactory a
\,r ' Jysk. fit secured through our self-meas- 1
uril) 3 system— wriie for samp.'ez. |
/ \^S^ 718 Maiket st - an^ I
'HC'. ' ' '¦__-__:_' APVERTIgTnwTr-Tq-TfS. ; T .
I J< Delicately formed and gently reared, women Trill r _^g^^fef
\f§p t find, in all the seasons of their lives, as maids or vivca / /SSh^Kv^
lOfe^ or mothers ' that t 116 on e simple, wlralesome remedy L ¦' jMS$Sr**%!*^Sti\ "J 1
|p!r/) Ucl1 & entl y pleasantly and naturally, and lJSw?^MS3w\ '¦'¦ : '
§ ! v%!|' may be used with truly beneficial effects, under *%^§t? VifSB? OT
t®¥§" an y conditions, when the system needs a laxative— is— S&SjSgjr^ «««Ej£ 'V- '-¦
§J/-V- J Syrup of Figs. It is well known to be a simple com- v®5$p Js^SS^^X
11^40 1011 of the laxative and carminative principles of $$$}&/ p^§^& \VV'-
P^W plajlt8 Pheasant, aromatic liquids, which are TO
liT/aSf "' agreeable and refreshing to the taste and acceptable ??^®^^%^
wph,* to the system when its gentle cleansing: is desired. S*lft|fc'r?^/i -M,$
I^W^Sh Hany of the ills from which women suffer are of ii
%*£&&% a transient nature and do not come from any organic W&^Mi$^ 8¥i %wl
|W^* trouble and it is pleasant to know that they yield so ®^fe^ * $&, )8?fil
V&fi* h promptly to the beneficial effects Syrup of Figs, ifefe^'^"-:^ [&$&P wlisK
|Vv^ but when anything more than a laxative is needed it- 1^M|[ ;^.v^|v" &4&W I M^^
M%s is best to consult the family physician and. to avoid llfl^W®! 1^^ i^^'
frgpv/ the old-time cathartics and loudly advertised nos- /fSpi^^^ /$$'; " ijr^K
P^& trums of the present day. When one needs only to MSI^S^^^ -/Ss ¦ J^$9??
llpifi remove the strain, the torpor, the congestion, or m^ .-'" /^ &0S10 :
lit>/i£_, similar ills, which attend upon a constipated condi- ' \W^^^^^ Al % -^^^^^/
|lj: j/f 1 '" tion of the system, use the true and gentle remedy— %0r^Sj$^;~-
W&*f'\ Syrup of Figs— and enjoy freedom from the depreg- r^^S^^^
1,^-S^ eion, the aches and pains, colds and headaches, which '"
i^^S^" Onlj- those who buy the genuine Syrup of Figs - '
fif*f||M4; can hope to get its beneficial effects and as a guar-
§ti: 01 antee of the excellence of the remedy the full name W^^WM If
W'/tj'f. of the company— California Fig Syrup Co.— is S^^lwM *%>>
g v?^"; printed on the front of every package and without ¦ . • "
wjzi&P*' it any preparation offered as Syrup of Fig's is fraud- \^j&t&M, S^^-'^^^
i%j$&?i ulen^ and £ho nld be declined. To those who know the V^^^^S|P^¥'
j 4'v*-^' Quality of this excellent laxative, the offer of any '^^^ m^^^^^^'-
(f|/r substitute, when Syrup of Figs is called for, is
1/ <> always resented by a transfer of patronage to some *^^^^*^«^#^^ r
t0CL. first-class drug establishment, wnere they do not '^^^^^§^M :^ : d" '^S
|jp£? recommend, nor sell false brands, nor imitation . *?^wS^^^ij4*
K^iiv remedies. The genuine article may be bought of all »^^Sr™^ffi^»^K--.
gSfr*-) reliable druggists everywhere at 50 cents per bottle. >^^^narrow-gauge and return oh the 10:30 p. m.
train. .
Olympic 1 Club. Bouts. :. ;, T
1 On Wednesday evening. February 26, the
Olympic I Club will hold a .boxing ¦ exhibi
tion. The following card will ,be -pre
feented: M. Maher vs.' Barney Driscoll;; 106
pounds; J. McDonald vs; J. Snallham; 118
pounds ; * F.> Martin vs. W. Kiehlingr 125
\ pounds ; KV.l J.-i Leonard vs. Joe -Lundy, 130
: pounds ; Vy.T. • Everett.': vs. . T. .: Floss, /Io3
\ pounds; ; ; George . ;- Peterson vs. Teddy
The articles of Incorporation of the Au
tbmatid Direct j Line . Telephone Company
with a capital stock of $250,000 were filed
with County Clerk Mahoriy yesterday. It
is the intention of the company, to con
struct and, operate a direct telephone and
telegraph line from its office in this city
to Ocean View. The directors of the con
cern, each of whom have subscribed
$1500. are C. F. Runyon, Julius Fay, J.
A. Stulz. A. K. Andriano and Robert Ca
relle.;
Telephone Company Incorporates.
McDonald Pays Dearly for Fun.
; George McDonald, ship's clerk oh the
steamer Guatemala, was very penitent in
Judge . Mogan's court yesterday. Last
Friday night he drove a hack from Geary
and Kearny streets along Kearny at a fu
rious speed arid collided with a California
street car, damaging the vehicle and nar
rowly escaping from being crushed to
death. He agreed to pay $100 for the
damage to the hack, and gave $60 in coin
and a promissory note for - $40. Aa the
owner of the hack did hot care to prose
cute the case was dismissed.
Chess Tournament at Monte Carlo.
MONTE CARLO, Feb. 17.— In the ch^a
tournament this : morning the winners
were: Marco from Reggio; Albin frcm
Eisenberg, arid Pillsbury from Napier
In the afternoon the winners were ;
Gunstterg from Mortimer: Tarrasch from
Popiel; Mason from Misses; Wolf from
Tschigorin; Marocsy from Marshal, and
Teychmann from Scheve.'sBHSi
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. IT.— Crescent City
results:? V.v
• First race, selling-, one and a sixteenth miles
t— Miss. Soak won, Tragedy second, Afra third.
Time, 1:48.,
Second race, half a mlle^ — Merry Sister won
Navasota second. Maverick third. Time -48 v'
Third race, * steeplechase, handicap. ' short
course — Dasmar won, Bristol second. Mr Roie
third. Time, 3:02J$. ;
i .Fourth race., handicap, six and a half fur
f longs— Scarlet Lily - won.' Carl: Kahler seconJ.
Tom Kingsley third. .Time, l:19ii -'
Fifth race, selling," one and an eighth miles-
Menace won. -Lindenella second, .Eugenia S
Sixth race', selling, one mile — Choice won
Deponan second. ; McWilliams third. Time*
1:40^. . . _ /
Racing Results at New Orleans.
FORTLAND, Feb. 17.— The Democratic State
Convention has been, called to meet in Portland
April 10-. .
Major H.- P. Bush "presented a resolu
tion to the effect that in future all mat
ters relating to the widows' and orphans'
fund shall be voted upon only by mem
bers of the beneficiary department. This
was referred to the proper committee
: President McKinley having died in ¦ the
Interim between Grand Lodge . sessions
resolutions in eloquent language, present
ed by Rev. J. Voorsanger, D. S. Hirsn
berg and : E. I. Wolfe, were adopted aad
ordered printed on a separate page of tho
proceedings. . A copy was ordered sent to
the widow of the late President
The election for officers will be held to
day. Marcus Rosenthal will be chosen
president; Wallace A. Wise, first vice
president; for second vice president there
will be two candidates, S. Julius Blaver
of Portland and David Cohn, of this citv
I. J. will be re-elected secretary
and Ben "Harris treasurer.
A number of amendments of a minor
character, to make the laws of the order
work in unison, were adopted.
It was decided, to give the grand presi
dent authority - to .¦ grant dispensations to
allow lodges to meet at times other than
those specified in the by-laws; to. grant
to members the powers of past president
at the institution of a new lodge in case
no past president was present; and to
authorize - election ' and conferring of de
grees on the same night.
The oration delivered by Grand Orator
Friedlander,, being full of ideals, brought
out a discussion and it was finally decid
ed to incorporate such in a preamble .ta
the constitution. To put this into shape
the following named were appointed a
committee: The present .. and . incoming
grand • president ' and orator,' Rev. J.
Voorsanger, S. J. Marchuwitz, David S.
Hirshberg, E. I. Wolfe, Wallace A. Wise,
Jacob Greenebaum, Rev. J. Nleto,
Charles Berliner, M. H. Wascerwitz, Max
Popper, Julius Jacobs and Hugo K.
«A.sher.
. The Grand • Lodge ? decreed to have a
statement . prepared ' to show . how there
can be 1 co-opera tibh by the various Jew
ish organizations "that, are striving to ele
yate the Jewish race and promote 'Its wel
fare socially and morally.
:¦; The Grand Lodge decided. to become a
patron ' member of trie Pacific Hebrew Or
phan Asylum. v ¦.
-In view of the present condition of the
endowment fund, which shows that • obli
gations amounting > to $71,000, which were
incurred between January 1, 1901, and
January 1 of this year, had all been paid
before the meeting- of the Grand Lodge, it
was decided to follow the suggestions of
the grand president and not enact any
laws i that would make any radical
change, f . • . ' .
; At'the second session of District Grand
Lodge ¦ No. 4 of the Independent Order of
B'nal , B'rlth, ; . held ; yesterday, there were
received from Los .v Angeles and - from
Portland.'Or.,: congratulatory telegrams
from members of = the order.
way in which the State Mineralogist can act.
When a company is found to b»* operating
under false pretenses I will inform the Post
master General of the United States and that
will lead to havinc the objectionable circulars ,
excluded from the mails. Th« Investigator*
who are sent out' will be competent and
thoroughly reliable men, who will report from
personal observation just what the production
of any oil company or mining company is
The misleading circulars that have been re
ceived from abroad cannot be procured from
the otflces of the companies in this State. Tb*
manipulators are too wary for that. But 1
will take means to inform the press of dis
coveries for the protection of tile public and ,
the discouragement of f akern.
There are fake concerns in this State that
are making, all sorts of pretenses in the East
and in Europe to ensnare the unwary. I hav«
received letters from bankers In Europe and
elsewhere In which were Inclosed circulars
Issued from this city and other points In Cali
fornia, in which the .pretense of being abl»
to earn enormous annual percentages on In- '
vestments annually is set forth. One banker
in Paris has written to me that he is satis
fied that a concern to which his attention has
been attracted by one of his clients is paying
dividends from its capital and not from tta
earnings. After looking the matter over I am
convinced that he Is about tight in his sup
position. I will not mention. the concern yet,
but I will soon have all the facts about the
property that, is made the basis of the cir
cular in question. This is a mining proposi
tion, but there are oil propositions that ar»
proceeding on the same line.
Oil properties and mines will be Investigated
wherever there is any reasonable question con
cerning the representations that they are mak
ing for the purpose of selling stock. I tak§
it that the duty of the State Mineralogist re
quires him to do all that can be done to pro
tect the legitimate mining interest* of th»
State. If the public learn that fakes will bt
exposed that -will benefit the solid concerns
that are doing business on the square. But
if the fakers can go on and gull the public
the reputation of the State will be hurt and
all legitimate enterprises seeking capital for
development will be hampered.
I have conferred with the Attorney General
and he has informed me that this Is ths only
There are troubles in store for mining
and ollj fakers in California. State Miner
alogist Anbury has started out a trust
worthy man on the road to personally in
spect mining and oil properties that are
being advertised abroad as great dividend
winners which have no reputation' to
speak of at home and so are objects of
feuspiclon. This official searcher for truth
left this city for the south yesterday aft
ernoon with data in his pockets and defi
nite instructions from the State Mineraolo
gist to guide him. This much Mr. Aubury
admits, but he refuses to give out tha
names of concerns that he is investigat
ing. He said:
Reports Show Endowment
Fund to Be in Good .
Condition.
Mineralogist Says He Will
Seek Aid of Postal Au
thorities.
Aubury Puts Man On
Road to Bring Expos
ure to Frauds.
B*nai Frith Grand Lodge
Holds Second
Session.
MEMBERS SEND
CONGRATULATIONS
MINING FAKERS
ARE IN DANGER
BRITT IS CONFIDENT OF WINNING
FROM TOBY IRWIN THIS EVENING
BIG SUM PAID
FOR FAST MARE
JIM JEFFRIES
HAS THE GRIP
Amateur Lightweight Gham
as. a Professional in the Arena of the Acme' Athletic Club.
Large Number of Local Sporting Men Will Attend the Contest
vere Cold.
Champion Pugilist Is
Suffering From Se-
Neva Simons Is Sold to
Mike Bowerman
for $13,200.
Attending Doctor Says the
Patient Is Not Threatened
With Pneumonia.
ance at Lexington Mid-
Winter Horse Sales.
Crowd of Buyers in Attend-
LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 17.— Woodward
& Shanklin's midwinter combination
horse sales opened to-day before -a good
crowd of buyers. The interest centered
in the sale of Neva Simons, 2 :ll&,b. m.,
7, by Simmons, 2:28, dam Neva, 2:33&, by
Squire Talmadge. * She was knocked down
to Mike Bowerman of Lexington for $13,
200. She belonged to G. W. Baum of
Pittsburgh.
JCEW \*ORK, Feb. 17.— Jaines J. Jeffries
Is sick of the grip at. a hotel in this city.'
His physician said to-day that the pu
gilist was in fair condition and was get
ting along nicely. • ,
Later in the day Jeffries' doctor said Itfs
patient was suffering- from a severe cold,
but would be well enough to be out again
in a few daj-s. Pneumonia was not
threatened, be snld.
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND EACETHvA-CK— Monday. Feb. 17.— "Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
3311. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
p j "¦ Betting:.
lndex|Hoijse. Afee, Weight.|St. 14. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
ai)T3 JBotany. 3 103 3 15 1 10 1 10 1 8 E. E. Edwards .. Ransch 6-5' 4-5
i!2al [Sir I>cuga!. 5 118 1 21 23 22 20P. Sheridan .. J. Woods 4 9
3;«>4 jCJusto, :> 121 4 34 35 3 1 3 1-. P. Howley Bullman 7-8 9-5
S2ti4 j Lemuel, 3 HHij 2 4 4 4 4 |\V. H. Ketcheman. Jcksn 0 30
Time— To 'i, :21>i; to >£. :47; last %, 1:05^4; short »i, l:15»i. CWod start. Won easing
up. Second and third driving. Winner, E. E. Edwards' br. g. > by Watercress-Pensa.
Winner, a bad actor at post, got away well and galloped in. Too holding for Gusto.
Lemuel is small and may do better on a dry track. - ¦ » .
11312. SECON'D rtACE — Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden 2-yea.r-olds; first, $325.
j , j" ; '¦ j Betting..
Index Horse and WeightlSt. V a . %. &tr. Fin. ; Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3255 Gaviota ..nS|4 ... 3 1 2 2 1% A, B. Spreckels. .Woods 3 5-2
iS2i7 Lit Margaret 105 2 ... 11 In 2 5 Caesar Young... Jackson 8 11-5
S204 jDelse&no 118| 3 ... 2 2 3 4 3 5 Chinn & Forsythe.Conly 5 8
ikK»4 |Elllston Us 1 ... 4 5 4 10 4 15 ' T. H. Stevens. .O'Connor 2 3
(Maud Muller 115 « ... 5 5 5 5 5 5 M. D. Mills... See 50 60
Phyz 115| & ... t> « C John Kane .... Prior 20 50
30t)l j»Olahurst U5| § G. Van Gorden Hoar 10 30
Time — >4. :2CVi: 3h~f, :45ii. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels'
eh. t. by Crighton-Nellie Bell. Woods on winner saved ground by slipping through on
the rail. Little Margaret had most speed of the bunch. Delsegno ran gamely. Elliston
a. cripple. 'Formerly Narcissus. §FelI.
3313. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
j j " ' '¦ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3291 Wyoming, a ..'..114 3 3h 5141 1V4 Brown & Co.. J. Woods 5 11-2
<:i302) Sharp Bird. 5 117 2 21 13 1^22 Esell & Lazarus. Blrkrth 6-5 6-5
.¦J21J5 Clarando. e 107 1 12 2h 3h 31 K.M. Borchert-.J. Daly 12 30
<:iS01)jQuiz II. 4 Ill 47 31 21 41 J. M. Crane Redfern 6 T
3295 Ned Dennis, 5... 109 6 4. h 4h 5^ 5h Piedmont Stable. Winslet 20 40
3277 Marcato, a 114 7 fin 62 62 «20 (Burns & Watrhs.Bullmn 3 4
32!»5 Scallywag, 4 106 5 517 7 7 |J. L. Crooks Hoar 20 30
Time — Vt, :25?4; 1 i. :51^i; %. 1:19>4- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. G.
Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Paniee- Caprice. Woods again won by hugging the rail. Birken
ruth on winner picked the center of the track. Clarando ran a good race. Quiz weakly
handled. Marcato cut on* soon after start and compelled to go the overland. There was -
too much speed for him. Scratched — Prestano 99, Hungarian 109.
3314. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. &. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.' Op. *<?l.
(3.-J10) Col. Ball'ntyne,4..1O9 2 4 15 32 1 14 1 h James Wilson... Bullman 2 13-5
3195 Siddons. 4 109 5 5 43 22 27 IT. H. Stevens Jackson 6 5
3310 Urchin, 5 Ill 3 2n 2h36 35 D. F. Cox .Redfern 10 15
(3298) Xilgar, 6 Ill 1 11 lh 4 25 4 100 Mrs. Jones & Co..O'Conn 1 g-10
:&m The Gaffir. 4 106 4 3 h 5 5 5 J. H. Simpson Hoar 10 25
Time— y 4 , :25%; U, :C2%; %, 1:18^: mile. 1:4S; 1 1-lEm, 1:54%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. J. Wilson's b. h. by Atlantic -Mary Stone. Bullman on winner put
up a very strong ride. Siddons was a block out of it at one time. Nilgar weakly ridden
in stretch. Rider of Siddons claimed foul against winner for being pinched on rail.
3315. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and Up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. *Age. Weight. St. U. %• Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op?" 1 *!?!.
:J3O4 Dunblane, 5 110 3 2 1% 11 13 12 Jennings & Co.. Bullman ~ "¦¦ 2 B^a
3256 Bragg. 3 99 4 11 2 1 2 1 2 1% .Curl & Co -TRansch 5 fl
3304 Galanthus. 4 104 1 3 h 3 1 3 3 32 J. Coffey Birkenruth 6 S
329S Merops, 6 107 7 ' 7 *4 6 3 464 10 F. D. Weir .Hoar 6 1,
<:«00) Grafter. 4 104 8 83 81 52 52L. A. Blasingam. Jacksn S 11 k
<3293) February, a 107 9 » 9 6 4 .5 5 J. S. Gibson .. .7. H«?wson 10 20
2795 Inocencia. 3 92 6 fi 15 7 n 7 1 7 1 G. W. Baldwin.. J Daly • 15 40
3.110 EsterneU, 3 90 5 52 52 84 8 5 J. F. Schorr.. Redfern 10 *n
(3303)lBarnato. a IIP 2 4-4 4h 9 » J. J. Shannon.. O^cSnno? 6 6
Time— Y*. :25J4; *$, :51iJ; %, 1:19%; ?*. 1:S3%. Good start. Won easily Second an*
third driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. h. by Midlothian-Loleta Golne- a^
reared to «=ult winner. Bragg ran gamely. Grafter best In sloppy footing. Februarv poTiM
not make it. Barnato best in elushy going apparently. s oruary could
:;310. SIXTH RACE: — Sir furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first $325
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %. %. Str. Fin. . Owner and Jockey. O??" 1^'.
3259 Parsifal. 4 106 5 4h 4hla 11 J. D. Fitzgerald Birkrth « «
<ri297)Ulzura, 4 105 7 72 72 42. 22 A. H. Viv^l TroxU-r ' K I
3301 tllid. Chimes, 5t.. 107 4'32 IK 2h 3h Joseph Maiden" ' Jackson 5 %
C3S8U]HHaxT. « 109 1 In 21 3h 42 Piedmont StobleBulImn K *o
3292 Educate, 4 104 3 2h 3 b, 5 1 6 1 W.E. Cotton H^r SK i?'k
32W Loyal S. 4 106 8 8 4 6 1 6 3 6 4 V. Gilbert... "conltv sn &
S205 Fine Shot. 5 109 2 5h 5 1 7 4 7 4 McDonald &Dunia D sle o2
S301 lEldred. 4 104 6 6 2 8 2 8 2. 8 2 George Ashton RedfeVn ?2
3239 iuiloa, 6 .....108 9 9 .9 9 9 | A . B. BpwS.'SS lg g
Time— V*, :2514: 1$. :51%: «i. 1:U%.. Good start. Woa cleverly. Second and thirrt A~tZ '
ing. Winner. J. D. Fitzgerald's br. g. by St. Carlo-Far&ana. Parslflu received ««»$^T"
lent ride. Alzura might have won with the same handling. Hilary oult tT «^S.i exc ? u
Educate. Eldred no speed. Scratched— J. Boggs 109. ""ary quit.. Too sticky for
I 'The' entries- for this afternoon's events
I are as'follows: .
I First Race— Five and a half . furlongs, sell-
.Attorney Bufbeck" on! -^ behalf ..,'¦ of , thoi |
Board 'of ) Education filed ; a demurrer ' be- j
f dre I Judge / Cook V yesterday - to ' the > trial
and : complaint-- in .: the t suit -. of McKinney, t
against the V : board. 1 'Attorney '\ Cos tellc. I
was; present,^representing McKinney, and
it" .was , agreed * to hear ; the \ argument ? to-
: mor r ow - - : \':v ¦¦¦¦:. ¦ •¦•:,':¦ .; - -.-xA
Demurrei: ;¦ to i McKinney Suit.
¦ First Race— The "Weaver, . Senator 1 '. Bruce,
Bassenzo.- ¦
. Second Race— BlRey. Chappie, v' Alturas. ' .
. Third Race— -Kllldoe. * El ; Karn,'- Greylette.' '}
. Fourth Race— Poraplno,^ John = Peters,,. Red
wald. ¦¦ ' \.:~ • " '.¦,', ¦-:''¦.' :¦
Fifth Race— The Fretter, ; Marcato, Formero.
Sixth Race— Flamero, : Quiz II,'. Lodestar. '
Selections for To-pay.
-LThis shipment of clothing that is . to,,ar
rive here, from New York, of which' men;
tion has been made . heretofore! . willarrive
about 'Wednesday. ,* The ' 'sale ',", of ; . . ? ies'3
goods will be held at the Boston, mar iged
by. P. C. i Kelly, v Tuesday, Wednesday, M
Thursday? he. will dispose of thei, "<¦
clothing of i the A.' Brick -.bankrupt siov.^,
and ;; $4.65? will 'continue? to > be •'; the ¦ price,
notwithstanding there are $20 and $25 suits
and'.'overcoats * f or 7 men "among : them, v 3 1
the Boston, 1 773 Market : st., near Fourth. *•
t Brooker,Bros. of New York.
Gaviota was bred at the Napa StocE
Farm and is one- of the finest looking
fillies on the track. . *
Bullman and Woods divided the saddle
bonors, each riding two winners.
" The thoroughbreds sold at Occidental
Horse Exchange last night brought the
following prices: Esterneil. $600, H Tav
lor; Greenock, $275, J. H. Gray; Ordnuns
$1800, C. R. ElUson; Triaditza, $275, Georce
Webb;>F. AV. Brode, $140, •¦ p" G. ! S
Trappean, $125, C. C. Ricks ; Puryear d'
$75, J. H. Smith; Ishtar, $1050. A. Josephs 1
Finch, $575, L. McCreery; Clarinette, $125*
H. J. Jones; Saul of Tarsus, $700, L o
.Wall; Montoya, $360, Dr.'Rowell.
Birkenruth showed a glimpse of his old
form on' Parsifal in the last event, ridlntr
an excellently judged race.
Jackson, who rode Siddons, lodged a
complaint of foul with the judges aeainst
Bullman, which was disallowed There
certainly must have been very laree dn
ings on Siddons, for •; Jackson wfs so
wrathy that he threw/ his whip clean
across the track. ..»
Track Notes.
"Doc" Robbins, trainer of Colonel Bal
lantyne, had to stand another boost when
that horse won the fourth event Harry
Stover, from whom the Colonel was
claimed one day last week, raised the
price from $300 to $800. The "bone doctor
bid the usual $5 retainer.
Sig. . Ottenheimer and F. Bartlett ofJthe
Corinthian Yacht Club were at the mercy
of the waves for some I time in a • small
yawl off Sausalito, * and with great ; diffi
culty, reached Tiburon 1 safely. ; '
, A- barge crew of the Olympic Boat Club,
with Percy Hammond in charge,^ was In
the;. storm. ; off Sausallto and. was ¦ finally,
rescued by one of McNeil's launches from
Tiburon. , : -.., . ; . . ~ ¦ ". :
; SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 17.— Dr. Mattson,
of the Corinthian Yacht Club, - together
with his wife and brother, had a thrilling
escape from death on the bay during yes
terday's storm. Dr. "Mattson and his
party went . to Tiburoh . early in the day,
and boarded * his launch fpr a -pleasure,
cruise. The storm struck the launch at
1:30 o'clock in the afternoon. It was im
possible to return to Tiburoh, arid for a
time it seemed unlikely that .the launch
could be kept. afloat. The party not hav
ing returned by 2:30 o'clock, one of.; Mc-
Neil's launches started out on a search.
The extremely rough . weather, however,
compelled the would-be rescuer to return.
• Dr. Mattson' s launch br.easted the storm
nobly, and finally the doctor made a land
ing near "The Brothers" lighthouse. The
party returned overland and the launch
was brought back this morning: ,
George Pere3, a boatman of Tiburon,
took I out I a ¦ party i in: the ' early . afternoon
on ' his Fleetwing, : and - had -a most 'i dis
agreeable experience as well : as a nar
row escape » from being swamped. . The
Fleetwing had as passengers two gentle-;
men and two ladies, guests of J. Callahan
of San Francisco. . Th6 excursionists were
warned not to : go out in such*. weather,
but' they started. , They- were "caught ;in
the full fury of thb«storni. .Peres had a
hard time to keep his craft afloat^.- arid
he says; that he never expected. to return
to the shore. 'After several hours he suc
ceeded in effecting.- a laflding v "near -El
Campo. His passengers, though wet and
cold, walked . over the mountains ¦ to . Tib
uron.. ' ¦¦ v- ¦¦ : .,. ' ¦ -_'•',¦'¦ .". "¦¦'¦ '•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Coriiithian Club Party
Battles for Life on
the Bay.
of the water had disappeared from
the surface, leaving the mud stiff and
holding. While it could not be said that
form was at a discount, second and third
choices, with- one exception, captured all
the purses. At that, the winners were all
backed, very few of the books quitting
ahead.
Botany, the brown three-j-ear-old, prac
tically enjoyed a cakewalk in the opening
Futurity' course sprint. As good as 6 tp 5
in the betting at one time, he won by him-
THE conditon of the track at Oak
land yesterday was far different
from that on Saturday, when the
Burns . handicap was run. Most
mmwrns.
.¦SfaS?-l;;!#sa?:
For the second time Siddons' was «n
SsftS i SS^j«yySr- £i
Dunblane, winner of the seven-furlone
selling event, was also handled by Bu°N
claimed, did nof like the footing but it
SS£STt«?i&f^^ a ™ s n tVm u cuit
p^^^hl^oMi^il
advance of^Alzura for the closing Hum
being able to get to the front. '
*' Sixth Race— Seven furlongs, 'selling; . four
year-olds and upward : • -
3316 Loyal S .....100 2290 Zurich ..... ..104
3314 The Gaffer ..106 3313 Ned: Dennis ..109
-3298 Lodestar ,:h.lO9 329S Hungarian ;.; 3 04
•3300 William. "F :.'. .104 3303 Flamero .r...lO!)
3300 Rushflelds ... 104 3313 Quiz II ..:.. .106
Fifth Race-k>ne aha 'an 'eighth; miles, sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward: ,"* -¦„• •
3313 Marcato .....llll 3303 Forrneroi:. . . .Ill
3.J08 The Fretter ..Il4] 3303 Sam Green ...104
3307 Wolhurst, i.'. .llll k' -."¦¦ ¦¦¦¦:.
Second Race— Seven furlongs. Belling; ¦ four
year-olds and upward: ¦ ;-.• • . -
i 3293 Buck Taylor.. 107 3240 Tlng-a-Ung ..105
3300 Intrada ......102 3215 Chappie .....107
3302 Geo. Dewey . . 104 3298 Satan 107.
3297 El Key . . ; .;. 104 3232 Alturas ...... 107
Third Race — Five and a half furlongs, sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward:
3282 Breton ......101 3265 Courtier .....109
3277 Rasp .........109 3198 Spry -Lark '. .111
3275 Greylette ....109 3281 El Kara :...10!)
3275 Rlnaldo ......113 3301 Casdale.V.... 113
3161 Kllldoe ...... 98 3143 Idalette .. ...Ill
Fourth Race — Six and a half furlongs, sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward :--..-. .¦ . .'
(3184)Pomplno ... lj.07 (3277)Castake ..... 107
1401 Fonsovannah- 107 r 3316 February ' . . . ; 105
3284 John Peters... 102 i 3237^ Redwald. ...... 107
ing; three-year-olds: ' ' ' ¦ ,
8305 Bassenzo ....114 3161 Discovery ....117
3296 Sir Claiis ...II? 3310 The -"Weaver.. .11?
3296 Sen.' Bruce.... 117
William Robinson and. His Wife Ar
rested for Disturbing the
Peace.
William Robinson and his young Aus
tralian wife continue to l^eep themselves
and their differences , before the public.
Saturday night Policeman Wolters saw a
crowd of about 1000 people in front of the
Hibemia Bank, and on pushing his way
through discovered Mrs. Robinson, .con
siderably under the inuuence of liquor,
striking at her husband and abusing him
shamefully. The couple persisted in air
ing their grievances in the presence of the
officer, and he placed them under arrest
for disturbing the peace. - Mrs. Robinson
spent Saturday night in prison, . but was
released Sunday morning on bail. Robin
son was almost immediately released on
bail by a friend. ¦ T ]: _ , t
They appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday, when Robinson explained that he
had been separated from, his wife for
some time and had arrived from Japan
a few days ago. He saw her staggering
along Market street with another woman
and grabbed hold of her with the inten
tion of getting a hack to' send her to her
rooms, on Ellis and Taylor- streets.-, Sne
was so addicted to drink : that he had
made up his mind to get a divorce. The
Judge dismissed both cases..
T».e couple came i into I prominence first
about two years ago, .when Mrs. .Robin
son had her husband, who was then a
printer in Sacramento, arrested' for steal
ing her purse in front of the Grand Hotel.
Considerable sympathy was enlisted for
her at the time by her story. of her hus
band's treatment of her,* but it afterward
turned out that he was the sufferer owing
to her love for liquor. He was brought
before Judge Mogari and the case Was
dismissed. Subsequently; Mrs. Robinson
was arrested for raising a disturbance iri
a house on Ellis street while intoxicated.
STORM BUFFETS
THE YACHTSMEN
bouts' will be put on at 8:30 sharp. The 1
ringgoers from this'side will take the 7:30 I
Wolffe, catchweights, and Sam Berger vs.
J. Sullivan, ¦ heavweights. : , •.
SMALL. GAINS ARE MADE : 7-:>
BY LABOR CANDIDATES
Slight Change iii Standing Is the
Result of Last Precincts
. - Counted.:
The gains being madei by, the Labor can
didates over Supervisors Alpeirs and Eg
gers during the last few days are not near
as large as the gains made j during the
early days of -the recount. Walsh gained
only three yesterday, in the Nineteenth
and .Twentieth Precincts of the Thirty
fourth District i and the Seventeenth of
the Thirty-seventh; and Coghlan. lost' two.
The present standing of the candidates
is as follows: ...
Official Loss to Present
•._¦;. . Count. Date. Standing
Braunhart ......... 16,749 433 16 316
iPayot ....;........ 16,571 392- 16,179
Wilson ;..;........ 16,517 ¦ 471 16,046
Bent ......... .i.^. 10,112 509 ¦ 15.503
Alpers .;...;...... 15,953 543 15,410
Eggers... .:.. 15,940 " 579 15.361
Walsh 15,886/221 15,665
Coghlan ........... 15,686 210 15,470
Finn..; :;.... 15,595 213 . 15,382
Lyons .;.. 15,574 238 % : 15.334
Aird....;. ..J. 15,525 -22S •''. 15,297
CLEVER AMATEUR CHAMPION "WHO WILL ENTER . THE PROFES
SIONAL RANKS TO-NIGHT AND THE HARD - HITTING BOXER
WITH WHOM HE WILL CONTE ST FOR GLORY... .
JIMMY BRITT, the amateur llghtr
¦ weight boxer, will prove to-night
whether he is worthy to rise to
the* first ranks of the professional
pugilist or whether he must take a'
back seat. He is to test his mettle against
Toby Irwin, a. tried boxer, in the arena
of the Acme Athletic - Club. He has
trained hard and assures his friends that
he is fit to battle for a kingdom. ; .
On the other hand, Irwin is aware of
the hard contract he has on his hands
and has prepared for- it. He will enter
the arena with a determination of making
Brltfs colors trail in defeat. For three
weeks he has trained and his appearance
proves it. His hand no longer bothers him
and he can punch with all his force with
out danger of injuring that useful mem
ber. They will weigh in at 133 pounds. •
Manager Lavigne has prepared seats for
3000 people. The advance sale of tickets
has been extremely large. The interest
taken in the contest has been very great.
On every side is heard a discussion of
the relative merits of the boxers. Each
contestant has his following and they wiU
be there in force to-night to cheer their
men on to victory. •¦-., .-.• v>
The Olympic Cluo win sena a aeiegauon
of 200 members over to the event. They
•will be seated in a body and by, their pres
ence hope to instill Britt with, confidence.
The Sixth-street crowd will also be on.
hand to cheer Britt, their champion. Irwin
comes from the Telegraph Hill district
and he has the backing of every "roclf
roller" in that vicinity.
The men will box fifteen rounds. A
side bet of $500 and a percentage of the
receipts will spur them on. The betting
on the fight is 10 to 8, with Irwin on the
long end. These odds will probably switch
before the men enter the ring and it is
more than likely that the betting will be
even. The winner of this contest will be
matched to fight Jack O'Brien before the
Yosemite Club this month... j
The preliminary battles will be between
Gene Young and Frank George and
Young Gibbs and Jack McDonald. The
AIR THEIR GRIEVANCES
ON" PUBLIC STREET
/HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1902.
4
ADVEETISSMElirTS.
I High Mark I.
I
© When perfection is reached '«
o the highest mark is touched. g
I Hunter 1
I Whiskey I
S is perfect In g
I Age, Purity, Flavor. |
S Its .^standard, of quality b o
8 unique, uniform, invariable. «
S It . is always best by every * ; : S
g test. < . «
i S CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.. O
« ;¦•'¦¦ Inc.. 223-225 Calltornia st.. San O-
§ Francisco. Cal. --O
K Telephone Main, S73, • • ¦
T h • "Dr. ijfi ; Ali«n Kl«ctrlo"
"••" (with =3&>3r~ ' • ¦ • p • n •ory> - Is
guaranteed -r»?-<^- • possess all th»
cnratiTe properti«s ol th« expensive belt*
now gold by doctors and druggists. It give*
» 'ery rtrong current ot electricity and i»
easily regulated. • Bound to saper»ed«
ethers. Can be had from tha undaralaaad
cnly; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call «fr address PIERC3 ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 208 Voa< %t^ Ban Francisco* of
t!48 Broadway. New Torfc. _^
! an™ k *• HT
i HtCHK ' ¦ WA - Hi Bk -
i ra J TOraliL^^^a
! ial m sia si kh ninjP
1 B JB f H f ¦ 1 fell n &»H
' fHBLwBsWiii iTm^ii hitmI intgLJi
I ¦ ¦- ¦- - - , a^ mm
i BR- HALL'S BElNYlGORATORiRTn
Stop* all loses in 24 hours. Flva kvi"NpM
hundred reward for any case wa SSi Bm&
cannot cure.' This secret remedy H ft
cures Emissions. Impotoncy - Rsea Rail
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. fSPI f*«
Strictures. Drains. . . Lost Man- lltJIl ' ' \ L'i'I
hood and all other wanting ef- B^S Bmn
lects or self-abuse or excesses. HsS23SiSSil
Sent sealed. $2 botUe; 3 bottles, S5; guaranteed
to eure any case. Call or address ordar*-
SiV^win?-^? IJ *, S T1TUTE. IS
BAJA CALIFORNIA
I Dknriana Bitters
t I S . A "^K^T RESTORATIVE. INVIGOtUX-
I . » ¦ tor and Nervine. - . . ¦
,n F 0 ?^. wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes, v-t
. The Mtxican Remedy Tor Diseasesuf theKiU-i
ncya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. , j
VCER - al^S & BRLl.NE, Acents.
J-» ilarliet St., S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
ADVEETISEMENTS.
t could not rise to my
feet without fainting.
"I had suffered- for three years
or more at monthly periods," writes
Miss Ella Sapp, of Jamestown,
Giiilford Co., -N. C. "It seemed
as though I would die with pains
in m} T back and stomach. I' could
f'-* not rise to my feet at all
U without fainting ; had
|| given up all hope of ever
> I being cured, when one of
I dM H my friends insisted upon
>* m\ r tr> T iug Dr. Pierce's
% ( *vyj| Favorite Prescription.
1 3¥^ I With but little faith # I
1 vtxk and before I had
rf -rj / 1 taken hah" a bottle I felt
1 jw/l better, had' better appe-
1 r\ I te an(^ s^P^ better.
J / II ow J have en to* 0
|| / I] bottles of ' Favorite Pre-
J I scription' and one of
I k I: ' Golden Medical Discov-
1 ery '' an< i am k a ppy to
say I am entirely cured,
§ and all done in two
*? months ' time wlien a11
% otiier nie<iici nes ad foiled
1 to do any g°°d at all."
m JS* fl Dr * pierce ' s p , leasant
?&\ "' Pellets a pleasant and ef-
J t^ », fective laxative
¦ ¦
We are showing. a- whole window full of these hats for $1.30."
i-Some are ¦Derbys.'sbine' Fedoras. Hke here pictured. Others .\
iare Graecos," Paritourists, Pan- Americans and Dunlap. Crush-, \l
ers, injsuch colors as black, browri, cedar, pearl, steel and
. ., .This*JS; ; the inost -popular. hat that: we /sell— its- popularity was
- founded oh :the" ; extreme value of: the" : hat r and upon the immense: as-
sortment in' which the hats come. ; No matter what; style or color you
v warit, v ybu will find it in these " hats 'at ¦
$1130, • :
Out-of-town orders fifed— write us. .'"..;
. 7J8 Market Street , . !"The African King,", on this week at
the Central, bids fair to become as popu-'
lar as "Ths King of the | Opium- Ring,"
which =.was . written by the. same author.
The management claim for' it the distinc
tion of being .the only successful drama
founded upon the famous South African
struggle now taking place. . -
The characters are all war correspond
ents, English Tommy Atkinses, sturdy
Boer patriots, spies, Zulus and the balance
of the strange medley of characters to be
found in the great Transvaal. • The plot
Is strong and is centered. around the per
secution of a young English officer and
his | Boer sweetheart by a renegade Eng
lishman ; who has joined the Boers, ; and
the scenes are laid around the now/ his
toric battlefield near^adysmith, when a
heroic garrison defended ; that city . for
many months.-. - . • :•'*¦¦• ¦ « .
Hallett Thompson proved a \ manly and
impressive hero, Colonel Winston, and
Stanley* Ross earned* his perpetual hisses
more than ever in his villainous role of
Colonel Marque. . Edwin Emery was a
lively war correspondent and Georgie
Cooper was a vivacious Yankee girl. An
nette Marshall, as ; she invariably, does;
held. her house in all her scenes, rand her
melodramatic value is ever on the In
crease. Agnes Ranken_ as Coralie,' the
Malay, girl, did a particularly ' fine bit of
character work,: and George Nicholls as
the Zulu chief; was 'good. The balance of
the ¦ cast was * excellent. •' : ' .. • ' ¦'
Central,
If you have 'social aspirations now is
your chance to get in the swim.
The body of John Johnson, former cook
of the tug Reliance, was found yesterday
morning floating in the bay near Paeiflc
street wharf. The sum of $80 15 was found
In his pantaloons pocket when the 'cloth-
Ing was searched at the Morgue. John
son left the tug on January 31 with the
money which he had collected from the
crew for the purpose of buying provisions
and was not seen again until his dead
body was discovered. He was a mem
ber of Mission Lodge, F. and A. M., of
this city. jfi&HHBPG W -¦
"John Johnson Drowned.
George W. Ten-ill, president and found
er of the Producers' Oil Exchange, died
last Saturday at his home in Oakland. He
was engaged In fruit growing at . Fresno
when oil was discovered at Coalinga. Ha
early foresaw the prominence the ell in
dustry would assume and at once pre
pared to be an active mover among the
oil producers. He organized several com
panies and was the president of the Home
Oil Company of Coalinga,
Well-Known Oil Promoter Succumbs"
. at His Home in Oak
land.
I cannot agree to the proposition that sacri
fice of • time and risk of cargo are matters
which can properly be permitted to outweigh
the duty of procuring surgical aid for a sea
man disabled in the service of the vessel when
such assistance Is necessary and cannot be ob
tained otherwise than " by putting into port.
The obligation of the ship is discharged only
when the master has used reasonable care in
Such is the purport of an opinion hand
ed down yesterday by United States Dia
trict Judge de Haven in the suit of Mat
thew Bridges, 'a sailor, against the ship
Iroquols. While on a voyage from New
York to San Francisco Bridges fell from
the mainyard to the deck, sustaining a
fracture of the right leg below the knee.
The patient was sent to the Marine
Hospital as soon as the vessel arrived at
this port, and because of the delay it was
necessary to amputate, the leg. below the
knee. Judge de Haven's opinion awards
$3000 damages and costs to the crippled
sailor. ¦
' In th» course of his opinion Judge de
Haven said:
Sailors Injured in the discharge of their
duty are; enytled to proper surgical, at-'
tention; even should it be necessary for
the master of the ship. to deviate from
his course at . the loss of time and pos
sible injury to 'his' cargo.
GEORGE W. TEERILL
fJh IS CALLED BY DEATH
Judge de Haven Gives
Decision in Favor
of Sailor.
THREE THOUSAND
FOR POOR JACK
If It would seem clear that If one of the
crew is so ill or severely Injured that any one
of ordinary judgment would know that his life
or limb is in. serious danger ami that he ought
to have medical or surgical a!d at the earliest
possible moment, then it 'would be the Impera
tive duty of the master to take the- necessary
steps to procure such aid. if within Tiis power.
In the case of an Injury like this the mas
ter Is presumed to know, because the fact is
one of common knowledge that to make re
covery reasonably certain the leg must be
set with care, and receive the attention which
only a person having some knowledge of sur
gery can give.
providing for the comfort and cure of the sea
men.
The Board of Works was requested to
explain why the work of repaving , Mar
ket street, west of Van Ness avenue, for
which $5000 was appropriated in the last
budget, has not been commenced; also if
any steps have been taken to adjust the
grade at Market and Valencia streets.
The Russell ¦ American • ¦ River ~ • water
system filed an amended offer to. furnish
this- city with water, electric light and an
electric railway from , Auburn to San
Francisco for $5,134,286.
A resolution directing . the Board of
Works to prepare plans for the original
construction and completion of 'water
works having its source of supply in the
north fork of the American River was re
ferred to the Utilities Committee.
The Board of Works was requested to
advise what character of pavement is best
adapted for Mission street, from Crescent
to Silver avenues, together with an esti
mate of cost.
Fixing and establishing: grades on Frederick'
street and on streets bordering on the tide land
blocks bounded by China' Basin, Illinois street,
Central Basin and the seawall.
Providing for the full : acceptance of Army
street, between Dolores and Church.
Authorizing: an expenditure of $1000 out of
the urgent necessity fund to equip election,
booths placed on the site of the present Pest
house. ¦ -'< . '
•The Board of "Works against
continuing the work of;repaving Valencia
street, from Eighteenth out, on the ground
that a supposed balance of $5000 In the
fund to repave the street from Market
street to : Eighteenth has ¦ been appro
priated for street Improvements.
The - ordinance authorizing the expendi
ture of $1000 to equip election booths on
the Pesthouse grounds to accommodate
patients was passed to print. •
The following ordinances were* finally
passed: ¦ ¦ :>:'•,;. . «
Repairing Valencia Street.
The City Attorney filed an opinion that
the charter provides for the board making
contracts for hospitals, ~risons, etc., to
be Jet to the lowest bidder,. and that the
Supervisors have power to reject claims
made for the payment of non-contract
goods.
That the Twentieth Century Athletic
Club intends to make a bid for the Jef
fries-Fitzsimmons boxing contest was
manifested by its filing a petition for per
mission to hold a professional boxing ex
hibition during May. The application
went . to - the Police Committee. The Yo
seznite Club petitioned for a permit to give
a contest in March instead of February.
The City Attorney was requested to fur
nish the. board with his opinion as to
whether the qrder prohibiting persona
keeping more than two cows within cer
tain' boundaries of the city is in- accord
with the provisions of the charter; : or
specifically, can the Board of Supervisors
by ordinance prohibit the keeping of more
than two cows in one district and permit
the same in' another district of the city
and county? ..«¦¦-. . .
The Mayor was authorized by resolution
to appoint a committee of three to suggest
to the Legislature « amendments to - the
general laws. Comte explained that the
city was contributing large sums to the
State's coffers and did not receive a fair
share of money in return. ¦•
Contracts for Supplies.
The ordinance authorizing an- expendi
ture of $1965; to; plant trees In the center
of the | roadway of Van . Ness avenue, be
tween Bush and Pine | streets, was finally
passed ¦ on' reconsideration of the vote by
which j it was defeated at the last meet
ing.-- *. ; - -'¦'.- • - ¦ ' ;¦:.,.. -,?¦' '.
Frank Symmes stated that the Mer
chants'-Association, is in : favor of the
plan. But. replying to a question of t A. G.
Maguire, who opposed it, said' that the
question had not been submitted to a. vote
of ihe members, but that . fourteen out of
fifteen . directors had , recommended it.
Curtis ] said the ¦ property-owners in the
block all;favofed the improvement. Wynn
urged that other streets more in need be
Improved' and ¦ Brandenstein J said • that as
the proposition was experimental it should
b© adopted. ..'. '. • , ,
The : resolution declaring the .firm of
Phillips, Smyth A &, Van Orden an: irre
sponsible: bidder, on the ground of an al
leged overcharge of $2000 in the; printing of
transcripts . 6n ; appeal in criminal f cases
was deferred two weeks. This action was
taken awaiting the opinion of the City
Attorney as to whether, any redress can
be had against the •-¦ nrm or the iormer
Auditor, 'ireasurer and County Clerk for
paying the excessive demands. Tne nrm's
attorney addressed the board, quoting de
cisions to show that it has no 'jurisdiction
over the payments of the demands. I Su
pervisor Brandenstein declared that in
vestigation by "the Finance Committee
had shown that -the charges were exor
bitant. He scored the tormer city of
ficials who had paid the bills without in
quiry, saying they had been derelict in
their duty. - - . '¦
The ordinance authorizing the Tax Col
lector to employ a cashier, and a stocx
clerk in the license office was/ referred
to the Finance Committee. It . developed
that the measure had been passed to print
without committee action.
Delay Action on Excessive
Bills ; ; for • Printing .
Transcript.
Supervisors Decide to
Experiment on One
Block.
VAN NESS AVENUE
TO BE PARKED
; ; ,The directors j of the- San ;- Francisco
Symphony. Society v . have .decided , to post
pone the" last of the second series of con
certs to . Friday /afternoon ;V March 7 - at
the Grand Opera-house,- instead of Feb
ruary 28,'ithe 'announced date. ".-, Director
Paul Stelndorff.has a splendid programme
ux course ' of - preparation, ¦• ~~^...~
Postpone Concert.
Robert Fetherston. a scientific chemist;
takes a trip to the Far East with . his
young wife, who takes sick . at Dresden
and returns home. Her circular tourist
ticket is sold to a lady and she by acci
dent travels in the same compartment. as
Fetherston. The train is held up by
brigands and in the press dispatches ; it
is mentioned that among the prisoners
are Fetherston and his young wife. Mrs..
Fetherston and her parents read the dis
patches In the papers and the fun begins
when Fetherston returns. ..' . ,.."
M. L. Alsop as Fetherston has very lit
tle to do, but makes the most of it. F^-ank
Bacon, as his henpecked father-in-law.
Mr. ' Jellaby, has a part that - suits his
genial humor and Lillian Elliott: as his
wife Is. excellent- - and .. keeps ,-him iwithln,'
bounds. ¦ George Osbourne has the char-
Alcazar.
A bright and sparkling comedy, "The
Orient Express," was the attraction at
the Alcazar Theater last night. The house
was 1 crowded and every, one seemed to
thoroughly enjoy the amusing situations
In the play. It is adapted from the Ger
man of "The Orient Reise," by B! men
thai and Kadelburg. authors of "At the
White Horse Tavern."
The hypocritical prohibitionists and
their reprehensible means of securing in-'
criminating information, are held up for
ridicule and the drinkers are shown to
really be in possession of some good qual
ities. The humor of the play consists for
the most part in the antics of a young and
very inexperienced country swain and in'
the exposition of the real sentiments and
characters of. the. temperance clique. » •
A barroom scene . in which a wife at
tempts, to take her drunken husband home
and • the ¦ sufferings ; of V the .-, minister's
daughter, -Who is driven from home on ac
count of a- kind act in behalf: of the sa
loon-keeper,-add just the necessary bit of
pathos to „ keep 1 the play ~from> being
wholly a comedy. Gilbert Gardner, as the
| bashful lover, was unquestionably, the 1 a
.vorlteof the audience. .-William. Bernard \
the chief of the hypocritical prohibition.
Grand Opera-House.
A crowded house greeted the revival of
Hoyt's "A Temperance Town" at the
Grand Opera-house last nigh tJ The com
pany made the most of a very funny pro
duction and the audience was ', merry
throughout almost the whole ; perform
ance. The typical New England town is
fairly well represented, but- the "charac
ters in several instances appear rather
overdrawn..
"The Ameer" is still popular with the
patrons of the Tivoli. This comic opera,
which was . successfully produced : here
a few years ago by Frank Daniels' com
pany, Is equally well put on by the local
comic opera company. Ferris Hartman
is conceded to bo 'funnier than Daniels.
He produces laughter every minute he is
on the stage.' The music, which was writ
ten by Victor. Herbert, is well sun,? by
the company. Harold Gordon's pleasing
tenor. Is heard . to advantage, and Arthur
Cunningham as : BlackJaWk chief of the
brigands, scores a hit nightly by his fe
rocious appearance and hearty voice
Frances Graham," always a favorite
with, local theater-goers, rendered a num
ber, of songs and received her meed of
applause. -Next week "The Serenade"
the great- success of the Bostonlans, Is
to be produced with new .scenery and ef
fects. ; The Tivoli management states
that the cast will not be inferior to that
of the famous company named. The ad
vance sale has started and there Is every
indication that the house will be crowd
ed during the production, of this popular
opera. : . . - . ' . - ¦ • ¦ ¦ . .••
Tivoli.
Mr. E. A. Fischer, the prime mover in
this new amusement enterprise, returned
from New York last week with a carefully
selected musical I comedy. - company. The
opening: piece will be "The French Maid "
book by Basil Hood and music by Walter
Slaughter. It -had a year's run at the
Herald Square Theater, and was a great
success in London. Among the important
ladles who will appear are Pilar Morin,
the renowned pantomimist and comedi
enne; Alice Holbrook, late with Francis
Wilson; Alice Kellar, specialty performer
and coon song shouter; Prlscllla Verne,
from ! big London and Australian spec
tacles, and Lillian Coleman, a comic opera
soprano.- ' ¦ ¦ " - "-'¦'.'¦
Among 1 the men are Harry Hernesen.
late of "The Girl From Paris" and "Tel
ephone Girl".- companies; Wilfred Blake a
renowned barytone; v Charles .Hildeslay
tenor, and Edward Lehay, bass. and char,
acter comedian, , both i from . London v oper
atic productions; and i Arthur. Lane, light
comedian, < from -the -New York Theater
The: stage will be under the direction of
Walter ; Craven, , who has : superintended
many big productions, and in addition to
a. large chorus there will be aballet : of
twenty-four girls. :¦ The ; costumes are
brought from New York. There will be
eleven men' in ¦ the • orchestra. Seats 1 will
be ready Thursday morning/ ¦ ,
. Twenty-five dressing-rooms, fitted with
every convenience, have be'en built In tha
basement ¦ and nothing has been over»
looked which •will Insure the comfort of
the theater-golngr public- •
Great Interest is manifested In the open
ing of Fischer's Theater next. Monday
night. This place of amusement, former-,
ly known as "Fischer's Concert House,"
has been in the • hands of carpenters a*nd
decorators for several weeks and is now
receiving " the finishing touches. The
ground and gallery floors have been re
built at a ; sharp pitch so that an unob
structed view of the . stage is to be ob
tained from any part of tne house. . Over
thirteen ¦• hundred of - the' latest pattern
opera chairs have been placed in position,
the stage has been enlarged, new scenery
painted and cozy and comfortable boxes
constructed on either side of the pros
cenium on the lower floor. .
Fischer's Theater.
John E. Brennan aa Hi Holler, Charles
A. Burke as the constable, Seth Holcomb
as the rheumatic lover of Martha and
Professor Sterling furnish the spontan
eous .fun of the play. There is excellent
elngrtng by the village choir and excellent
work all around. There's not a misfit in
the whole cast and not a disappointed
person in the house.
An American production with character,
humor and pathos in It; character with
out caricature, humor without horseplay
and pathos without a maudlin mood, la
William A. Brady's beautiful pastoral
play, "Way Down East." And more than
that may be said; the company's as good
as the play. The heroine Is Anna Moore.
who has ' been betrayed by the wealthy
Lennox Sanderson under the mask of a
mock marriage. She finds a home at
Squire Bartlett's and the squire's son falls
In love with her. Then there is a snow
storm and Martha Perkins, the gossip;
the whole story comes out and the vir
tuous squire orders Anna out of the house
into a fall of Joseph R. Grismer's patent
ed and beautiful snow. They are recon
ciled In the last act. however, Sanderson
is kicked out and "B-bless you, my chil
dren." ¦ ' 'y\ i ¦ 'v-. 1 .- -.-
Columbia.
acter part. of an amorous old Greek and
he is really admirable in the impersona
tion and helps materially in the success
or the piece. Marlon Convere as Mrs.
Fetherston threw considerable animation
into the part and achieved a success
Oza Waldrop, a s Adelina, a younger sis.
« m of e M". Fetherston. just graduated
irom school, did remarkably well. Henry
Shumer, as a young chemist in love with
AdeHna; Howard Scott, as a reporter on
the Daily Dispatch, and Harry Ratten"
bury, as Sir Jasper Nickel, an alderman
were well suited to their respective Darts'
Margaret Wycherley does not make her
appearance till the last act, but for the
short time she appears she charms the
audience with her portrayal of a. Greek
& S tl^ t \^ iio t . was the traveling .companion
of Fetherston. . . ¦
Mignon Shattlnger, Marcella Hudson,
Agnes Scott, George Rlddell, George
Flood and Henry Wenman have parts to
which they, do full justice. The scenery
is not 1 of secondary Importance 5 In I the
play and the history , of • the early Chris
tian era is closely interwoven in the main
incidents. Next week Murray and Mack
will appear in a new edition of "Shoot
ing the Chutes," for which they have en
gaged' a capable corps of funmakers.
"The Sign of the Cross," with Charles
Dalton as Marcus Superbus, is in the sec
ond and last week of its engagement at
the California, arid there , are but six
more opportunities to' witness a splendid
production. Dalton's powerful acting is
nightly received with favor and he 'is
well supported by , a well-balanced com
pany. -
California.
FRESNO, Feb. 17.— President Kearney of the
Halsin Growers' Association has issued a call
for a meeting to be held -on March 3. Direc
tors of the association will then be elected.
¦would or would not have, been admitted Into
the combination. To protect their business
end secure their legal rights they were not
obliged to submit' an application for member
ship in such a combination with the possibility
of its rejection or to submit themselves to the
rules and exactions of the association. It Is
clear also that the tendency of the combina
tion was to prevent others from engaging in
the business. No one could become a member
who had not "an established business," and
It is too evident to admit of denial that no one
could establish a business In competition with
the members of the association who possessed
such advantage in deallnz with the manufac
turers. Judgment is affirmed.
To this It is sufficient to eay that It does
not appear that they would have been admitted
to membershio If they had applied. Under
the by-laws they were not eligible, for the
reason that they flld not at all times carry
the requisite amount of etock. and If they had
TKjssessed the necessary amount of stock they
had no assurance that they were "acceptable"
to the members. On the contrary, the fact
that they were not Invited to enter the com
bination when it was formed was a distinct
intimation to them that they were not ac
ceptable. But it Is immaterial whether they
Firm Not Eligible
The association was formed to unite all ac
ceptable dealers encased in the tile, grate and
linir.isl business In b&n Francisco and within
a. radius of two hundred miles and all Ameri
can manufacturers of tiles. It included every
manufacturer of those articles in the United
States and the six firms of local dealers that
were made defendants in the original action. _
Lowry & Daiy were not invited to enter .into"
the combination.
The evidence shows that Lowry & Daly were
notified by manufacturers in Indiana from
¦whom they had been purchasing' tiles that un
less Lcwry & Daly became members of the
association the Indiana tlrm would refuse to
Eell them foods. They could not obtain llles
from the local dealers In San Francisco unless
* they paid the list price, which was more than
double that which members of the association
• were required to i>ay.
VTe think that in the light of these facts
the association clearly comes within the pro
hibition of the act of Congress. It has a
direct tendency to restrain trade between the
different States and to create a monopoly. In
principle it would be the same If it were an
association between all the manufacturers of
the United States in that line of goods and a
single dealer In California whereby all other
resident dealers were shut out and all -com
petition between local dealers extinguished.
The tendency of the combination was also
to create a monopoly in the hands of the local
members thereof. The necessary effect of the
combination was to crowd out of business
every local dealer who was not a member
and thereby to create a monopoly In the hands
of those who were. It la argued that Lowry
& Daly might have joined the association had
they chosen to do eo, and that thereby they
might have availed themselves of the privil
eges of membership.
Plaintiffs Not Invited-
« I>aley against W. W. Montague & Co.
» tnd five other defendants composing the
California membership of the association,
alleging that the association violated the
Sherman anti-trust act. Montague & Co.
end tlie other defendants took an appeal
to the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. Judge Gilbert .wrote the opinion
for the Court of Appeals, affirming the
judgment of Judge Alorrow In the Circuit
Court and giving extended reasons for
the action or the court. In rendering the
opinion Jucjre Gilbert said:
The writ of error in this case is brought
to review the Judgment of the Circuit Court
rendered In an action which the defendants in
error brought aealnst the plaintiffs in error
under the act of Congress of July 2. 1890.
commonly known as tae Shennau anti-trust
act. Tbe complaint alleged that Lowry &
Ualy bad been injured In their business by
reason of the Illegal combination between the
members under the name of the Tile, Mantel
and Crete Association of California.
The Tile, Mantel and Grate Association
received its deathblow yesterday as a
trust at the hands of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals. Judge Morrow
In the X-'nitcd States Circuit Court dealt
the first blow when he decided in favor
cf the complainant the suit cf Lowry &
Judge Gilbert for Circuit Court
of Appeals So An
nounces.
Tile, Mantel and Grate
Association Is a
Trust.
HOLDS MORROW'S
DECISION VALID
THE I SAN FRANCISCO CAL£; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1902^
5
Forth Shouts of *'Bravo"— Roman Tragedy, Comic OperaV
Drama and Vaudeville Attract Lovers of the Play to Theaters
Singing of the Call of; Brunhilde { to the "Valkyries" Brings
ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE GREETS
NORDICA AT HER FIRST RECITAL
THEATRICAL STARS WHO ARE
ENTERTAINING PLAYGOERS
IN THIS CITY.
ists, tild well enough to draw forth vol
umes of hisses. George Ober, leading man,
was also the recipient -of frequent and
well-deserved applause. Lillian Albertson,
as the minister s daughter, played the
part of .the moat Important of the femi
nine characters. Her work was excel
lent and showed ' study. •Herschell Mayall,
Fred J. Butler, Charles Waldron and H.
D. Byers are all old favorites and appear
to advantage in "A Temperance Town."
Orpheum.
Every number . presented at • the Or
pheum this week is a "top-notcher." The
hold-overs still ' Interest and_ please the
audience * and the new people are enter
taining. Mary Norman's caricatures of
the society buds are very .clever and
should entitle her .to a warm reception
during the rest of her stay. 'The mar
velous Merrills, comedy cyclists, are
everything the name implies.
Though their tricks, on the wheels pro
voke a great deal of hearty laughter,'
they are daring enough withal to earn
them applause on the score of. skill and
dexterity. - The ten -Hawaiians. who com
pose the glee club are sweet singers and
musicians of skill; .Warren and .Blanch
ard, comedian and singer, are also very
clever. The Blossoms are acrobats of
no mean skill and are a fitting end to a
fine programme. The blograph has some
new and very good scenes.
A HOUSE full of enthusiastic music
lovers stood and cried "bravo" at
Metropolitan Hall last evening.
Mme. Lillian Nordica had just fin
ished singing the call of Brun
hilde to the "Valkyries," her final num
ber in her first recital, and the interest
in her performance that had been con
tinually on the increase found culmina
tion then. The audience was fairly rep
resentative of musical San Francisco.
Society was there In some strength, but
the occasion was not made a society af
fair. Music, pure and simple, was the
attraction, and there was an abundance
of that and of very excellent quality. In
addition to the Branhilde song Nordica
sang seventeen others of varying degrees
of technical difficulty. Such an array of
numbers would" stagger belief unless due
care were devoted to Abe study of the
programme.
The selection and arrangement of the
programme was a work of great skill and
exemplified in a most remarkable way
how a soloist with a tender throat may
sing an entire evening and not be in im
mediate danger of injury therefrom.
There were only fourteen numbers set
down for performance, but four encore
pieces were added by Nordica, who was
a study in amiability as well as in vocal
ism.
First Nordica sang a gentle little song
entitled "The Robin's Song," by McDow
ell, which, served very well to give her
an understanding of the acoustics of the
halL It was of slight range and vocal
requirements, but it was given with such
richness and liquidity of tones and such
sympathetic treatment that it won the
applause of the auditors. r , Another song
of about the same grade followed,, and
three-fourths of the programme were
made up of pieces that were filled with
sentiment and afforded an opportunity,
among other things, for Nordica to prove
herself the heroine of the pianissimo.
It was evidently Nordica' s Idea to give
the greatest amount of melody with the
least outlay of physical force, and this
resulted in- great Joy to the majority of
the audience, who saw the touch of the
artist in everything. There were several
numbers that were playful and sparkling,
like the "Fllles de Cadiz," by Dellbes,
which occasioned a recall. Indeed, Nor
dica had three curtain calls for this num
ber, and probably could have sung the
same number to the satisfaction of the
audience half a dozen times more. To
Illustrate the willingness of Nordica to
please it may be worth mentioning that
she sang one "coon song" as an encore,
a sentimental little bit.
That episode shows the range of the
programme, from "coon song" to the Im
passioned music of Richard Wagner.
Throughout Nordica was at her best. Her
tones were velvety, her vocalization was
clever and she handled the numbers with
clean cut Judgment and abounding senti
ment. E. Romayne Simmons, wno was
announced on the programme in a style
reminiscent of "Casey at the bat," the
line reading "E. Romayne Simmons at
the piano," filled the place of accompan
ist with enough skill to entitle him to re-'
membrance. He was also down for one
solo, Chopin's Polonaise in C sharp minor.
This he played with attention to ¦ lights
and shades, but with little claim to in
dividuality, his technique, however, . stand
ing him in good stead. He refused an en
core. The second recital of the series will:
take place to-morrow evening and the
closing one on Saturday afternoon at the
same place.
Grace HopXlns acts the part of Anna
Moore quietly and effectively. She and
the squire, Charles Riegrel, do the heavy
work and curtain calls are numerous.
The San Francisco friends of Gracie Craib
Hull gave her a rousing reception last
night. Two years ago- she turned he*
face toward the mysteries and the golden
possibilities of New York and now she
returns a fullfledged and successful sou.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
liflSTITtflfc
. ¦ P - , -^ CELEBRATED - ??"*
I j^ STOMACH-^ A ,
' Weak and nervous people should . try
a few doses : of the Bitters. - It' will
strengthen : the -, nerves,, restore vigor to
the' entire system and 'cure Indijjcs-
tion, Dyspepsia, Liver* and Kid-
ney Troubles, and Malaria, Fever
; and Auge.
MILWAUKEE PEOPLE
Could Hardly Beliere^ It. "A
Prominent Woman SaVedProm
Death by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Yegetable Compound*
" Deab Mes. Putkham : — I suppose a
large number of people . who read of
xrty remarkable cure will hardly believe
it ; had I not experienced it myself, I
V know that I should not.
JIBS. SADIE E. KOCH.
**I suffered for months -with
troubles peculiar to women which
gradually broke down my health and
my very life. I vras nearly insane,
with pain at times, and no human
skill I consulted in Milwaukee could
bring 1 me relief- .
"My attention was called to Lydia
>r4S. Pinkliam's Vegetable Com-
pound; the first bottle brought re-
lief, and the. second bottle an absolute
cure. I could not believe it myself,
and felt sure it was" only temporary,
but blessed fact, I have now been well
fora year, enjoy the best of health,'
and cannot in words express my grat-
itude. Sincerelv yours, Sadie E. Koch,
124 10th St., Milwaukee, Wis.*— $5000
forfeit If above testimonial It not genuine.
i Such ' ; •unquestionable • testimony
proves the power of Lydia E. Pink-
fcam's-Vegretable Compound over
diseases of women.
Women should remember that
they are privUegred to consult
Mrs.' Pinliham, at Lynn, Mass.,
abont *1m»*» illness, entirely fre«.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
{HUSEUH GF-AKATQHYt
\ .*-J\ The Ltrycst Anat owinl Museum in the \
H .^,."'iiji_ Vorl <l- **eakJ>e»»e» or *ny crmtrsctetl A
O /^%f| tP«saliaontheCo«t. Est-^r^^ ©
!«BsT 8 DR ' J O R WH-D!SEASES OF KEN d
&«^r^K free and stiitjly privity \
B WOt H I[? tme^ P^o^'y «* by l«ter. A A
\ S tf li « "*"* *" creTy c * s * """Jerakf-n. \
*^"lflrii llW w nte' i »Book.ffrEIl.oiiOI»BV«f A
f 11 )f MMHHICK. MAILED FUEZ. I A. T
A /£ /I, . valuable bwoic for «n*n) - \
9 rut. 20BDAJT A CO., 1051 Murk et St.. S. F. W
;• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CO» 1 r..»HTt, M r,TH < P.OCTI,«WM, 1 .ICO.C.-Cm«TI
'i SOAP DIGNITY.
plj^T IS easy to find a pure soap; it is easy ;
#|fe to find a cheap one. The problem is
l^yljto find both combined; a. soap that is
pure yet inexpensive. Ivory Soap is the best
: solution of that problem. It is an original
product, evolved after years of experiment and
research. It is the most of jpure soap for
the least money. It stands approved to-day
• by a second generation of Ivory Soap users.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
© .ddHsiik * s our B ac k Weak? J
0 /''iP^ii ave ou D ra 99' n 9 Pains? J
S S f^L jaL Are You Easily Tired? ©
• y r^r^*^' 'Have You Varicocele? ©
a r" • ' ; \»- *\ Have you lost the fire and strength g*
I fflt&is, &* \>§s of vour youth? Have you "come and •?
5* - '. V >tfpsp go" pains in your back and shoulders? **
W m ' NrS v fr-j,^^ ' K 15* Are you growing .old too soon? •»
© JGBy jk A- >^. "**" * I / "~ jfc/i Ssa If you have these symptoms, or any •
O .-Or > \ I /. •as) \ wl other sign of breaking down of your 9
A flnZaa&Sgg SgBa^ "\ \\,lJf 'Jr* . Sla nerves and vitality, you will find new m
5 »fe in Electricity as applied while you J
|^^^^^^^M^'- McLaughlin's |
ft §» IIkSmS/ /a»£Vi\ v ftdS3K&7 ls made ioT you - It; l3 the Dest way to A.
iFi&i^i&^BK //m&!?Wv23Br U3e electricity.- It pours a gentle •
O // W(/k \\ \\ *32r stream of life into the weak parts con- <0
O / f/W-'- I ~~W ' tinually for hours every night. It re- #
Q ~ J \f ¦' . J w freshes the nerves, expands the vital Q
A x ¦ >^t-- * * •_". powers, enriches the circulation and «|
Z 'makes you feel bright, active and vigorous in one night's use. You get strong. X
J? er each day, and In a few weeks you are a new man— stronger and younger "?
• In the fire of youth. It is grand, this method of mine, and every man who - J
© has ever used it is praising it. ©
S TRY IT NOW! 2
9 " Don't delay trying it.- Tour future happiness, depends on your checking ©
this drain upon your vitality, so stop it now,' and you can be sure of a long £
a and vigorous life, full of the joys. of a healthy vigor. g
e -Don't drug. Drugs can't cure you, as you know if you have tried them. X
Z My Belt cures- because It Increases your nerve power and < your vitality. If 2?
• ! you will call I will give you a free test of what I can do. If you can't call J
• „ send, for my, beautifully illustrated book, telling about: my 'method. I send it ©
©sealed free. I have 50,000 cures. Call or write to-day. Send this ad. . ©
• Dr M C, MpfailCrhlin 702 Market St. Cor. Kearny {
0.1/1 • 1U. \J* lUUJjaUgllllll, (Lotto's Fountain), San Franclsc* ©
© Office hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. 0
©©©©©©©©©•©•©••©•©•©••••©•©••©©••©•c©©©©©©©©©
1 sk if 01 a ' : - ¦ r ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
I . A Flash of Light
H In the night — the passing of the swift and luxurious
I California Limited
P gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
| San Francisco to Chicago In three days
H on the ¦ •If it be true that the Kaiser 'is to go up against
Mrs. Eddy it will be easy to see his finish.
, Special ; " information;? supplied < daily * to';
business houses ; andt'publlc* men' by •' th«
Press ' Clipping Bureau- CAllen'sy, S10 Mont- •
.^omery .street; -TeJectjane Main 0042, . •.-.•; '
Society circles of Washington,. New York, Boston ;
and Chicago are in a turmoil to outdo one another;
in reception to Prince* Henry. -The ¦ uproar, has 'be- •
come a riot of/clashing interests, and yet the Prince ;
I is not available from the marriage standpoint ' "
. .' Townsend's Californla'glace'f ruits', BOc'a
pound, in nreretched : boxes7or Jap. bas
kets.; A nice present for .Eastern friends.
639 Market st.;, Palace Hotel. building.^- •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per , 1b 'at' Townsend's^
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. .Townsend's.*
. .Great Britain may get out of • the ; scandal in the
War Officeoyer the high price paid for horses with
out smirching any of herofficers, but she can hardly
conceal the fact that some of them were very poor
hands at a horse trade. :
So much has been said in criticism upon the. women
who crowded round. the coffins of the .Biddies/ who!
were recently shot to death in' ah attempt to escape
prison,, that it ig worth noting the Pittsburg Times
says there were more men in "\ the crowd 'around the
coffins than women. Evidently morbid curiosity' in;
Pennsylvania is-not a matter of sex. '-.
About the only thing that can oppose further
progress of ¦ the movement in Congress^ will be the
partisanship of a minority in the House who may
object to extending President Roosevelt's term by
nearly two, months. Once it passes. the House there
will remain no obstacle other 4 than the : indifference
of State I-egislatures to a bill that is of . little impor
tance to any one except members of Congress,: or to
the sjghtseers who go^to Washington; once in four
years to see a President inaugurated.
AH reports from Washington agree that the early
SENATOR HOAR'S persistency has at length
been rewarded by procuring the adoption by
- the Senate of his resolution providing for so
amending the constitution as to fix the date ; for the
inauguration of Presidents and the beginning: of
Congressional terms upon the last Thursday in^prii
instead'of they 4th of March. The resolution was
adopted in the Senate by more than a two-thirds ma
jority, and is therefore fairly on its way to finaradop
tion as a part of the constitution.
. t ."They, say that Maine 'women; are wear
ing men's clothes." ; . _• .";. ..*
- "Well, "I -shouldn't wonder. f . Did . you
ever, see a Maine snow, drift?"— Cleveland
Plain Dealer: oeS«ftP*Sa5£®HflK ~ .
."I went to* see .old] Bullion': yesterday,
with' my; heart in^my mouth,'.'; said Chol
ly,'"to ask him for his daughter."
" "Well?" . - '_", ¦;' ' -T , ,
.¦'Well.'-I'came.away about two. seconds
later,' with' my- heart In' my boots.!*—Chi
cago Journal. - ' '"i^WmhSSshH
.': ''Yes," said Mr.: Stbrmington Barnes! "I
may lay that"' myself and r my; company
devotee-much of jour time waiting for. an
angel:. to, appear V. and ;for^ the", ghost to
walk."^-Washingt6n . Star/;' " , / .', . » ;¦
; "I suppose you. get as far as possible
from' material ; things," 'said the* admiring
young' woman!"' "^ "~~ ¦'* ' "; "I"'. . .' 'J
"ACKNOWLEDGE THE CORN"— A T
C., City. " ; The: following: is the origin of
VI acknowledge tSe corn," which is used
in the sense of admitting failure or* ad
mitting having been outwitted: In 1829
Andrew Stewart was in Congress discuss
ing the. principles of. protection and said
in the course of his. remarks that Ohio
Kentucky- and Indiana sent their havl
stacks, cornfields and fodder to New York
and Philadelphia markets to sell. , Charles
A. /VVyckliffe jumped up' and; said • • Whv
that; is absurd^ Mr. Speaker., I 'can the
gentleman to order. He is stating an ah!
surdlty. We never; send haystacks or
cornfields, to. New , York or Philadelphia."
"'Well, what do you send?" asked Stew
ard., :"We send," replied Wyckliffe
'.'horses, cattle, hogs and mules " "Well "
continued .* Stewart, "what . makes your
horses, cattle, hogs and mules ? You feed
JlOO worth of hay to a horse; you get on
topof your haystack and ride off to mar
ket.: How about your cattle?" You make
every one carry J50 worth of,hay or grass
to, an Eastern market. You send a ho*
worth $10 to market. How much corn at
33 cents a bushel does it take to fatten if
Why thirty bushels. Then you put thirty
bushels of 'corn ' into the ' shape : of a 1 hoe
and.make.lt .walk to an Eastern' market "
Before'.- Stewart .*- could . proceed further
'Wyckliffe ¦ arose and " said, 1 ; "Mr. Speaker
-I'acknowledge-the corn.'' •
THE INAUGURATION DATE.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
manity. ¦
Mayor Schmitz and the Supervisors have under
consideration the ancient^and unsolved problem of
improving the City and County Hospital. It is per
haps time that San Francisco should fight itself, into
the domain of civilization and treat its sick with hu-
INMODRNIN&i-A^C. R., City. While
there is no society prohibition as to a
widow attending a reception or a tea in
mourning garb,- even though' her husband
has been dead fora long time one who
Is so deeply affected ought not to attend
such functions If she wears such garb be
cause her grief for the departed Is
sincere. In a place where all is gayety
and all go to be amused, deep mournln<*
garments look out of place.
. WASHINGTON, \ Feb. 17.^-The follow
ing Calif ornians registered at the hotels
to-day: -At, the Raleigh— W.' B. Cope of
San . Francisco* and : J. H.. Carruthers of
Rlalto; I at the Wlllard— James McCarthy;
at the Ebbitt— W. "\ E. Pettes ',. and wife.
Miss E. ; M." Young and . H. ;•_ LIchtenstein ;
at the r St.' James— R.' T. Tyng, • Dr. " E. " J.
Creely and wife, all' of San - Francisco." '*
Calif ornians in Washington.
LOVE STORY-A. B. C. D., Oakland.
Cal. The love story that you allude to
in your. letter of inquiry Is a serial that
Is being publishedin different newspapers
throughout the United States, but this
department has no information that It is
to be issued In book -form. ;.
MINING SCHOOL-J. W. K., Murphys
Calaveras County, Cal. There is no free
mining school or assay office in California.
The University of California and the State
Mining" Bureau will, without cost, desig
nate the kind of ore that may be submit
ted, but will not give its assay value
"Oh. well, if I must," retorted Mr.
Roosevelt, but' as he rose his right arm
lunged out with • an upward movement
and the fellow dropped like a slaughtered
ox. The crowd rushed in to have re
venge. Before* Mr. Roosevelt could get
them under control they had kicked tl^
falleji despot back to consciousness and
had dragged him out into the snow.Mr.
Koosevelt, " however, finally persuaded
them to bring him in to the fire-
The fellow, whose sway up to this mo
ment had been undisputed, could hardly
credit his senses. He leered for a mo
ment-at. the man In the chair who had
dared to oppose his authority, and,
marching up to him, exclaimed:
"Well, then, get up and dance"; and
by way of emphasis ho ¦ shot several
times into the floor around Mr. Roose
vel t' s feeUWgtmuamm/m*
•"No. thank you," replied Mr. Roose
velt, "I'm beginning to feel quite warm
and comfortable, and I don't care to
drink." -
"Oh; but you've got to!" exclaime-1 the
cowboy.
'"No," Insisted Mr. Roosevelt, with
quiet but unmistakable decision; "I'll
not have anything."
President Roosevelt's courage was put
to a sharp test a few winters ago while
he was spending some time- on hl3 stock
ranch in NortH Dakota, says the Phili
delphia Saturday Evening Post. H© was
riding over the range on© raw day in
December when he was overtaken by a
severe snow storm. . Within an hour it
had developed into a . blizzard. At the
first indication of - the severity of the
storm. Mr. Roosevelt had wheeled his
horse and began to make every effort to
get back to headquarters. The fury of
the wind and sleet, however, soon maue
progress impossible. All trails were
obliterated, but fortunately in drifting
before the storm be came to a railroad
track, and. guided by the telegraph
poles, lie kept on until ne arrived at a
prairie saloon.
Having provided for his horse at a sta
ble adjoining the saloon, he made his
way to the barroom, where ho was con
fident he would find a roaring. fire. When
he opened the . door he discovered the
greatest confusion going on. A "bad
man" had been drinking too much and
was working off his uncomfortable exu
berance by shooting holes through mir
rors and making his companions dance
while he shot under their feet.
Half-frozen. Mr. • Roosevelt calmly
seated himself before the redhot stovjs-
Amid the din the outlaw had not lio-"
ticed his arrival, but wfyen he discovered
him he salaamed him with mock cour
tesy and said:
"Well, Mr. Four-Eyes, when did you
arrive?"
' VI ¦ just now came In," replied Mr.
Roosevelt. "I was caught in the storm
and I've dropped in. here to thaw out"
"You're the stuff," commended the
half-drunken master of ceremonies; "we
like people out here who know enough to
come in out of the wet. And now Ier3
see you trot up to the bar and have a
drink."
STUMPAG&-F. W. S.. Point Arena,
Cal. If a man is arrested for cutting tim
ber on Government land he may be re
lieved from criminal prosecution upon
payment of $2 50 per acre stumpage, but
that does not relieve himfrom civil liabil
ity. •
NEW YORK, Feb. 171— The 'following
Calif ornians arrived in New York to-day:
From Sari 'Francisco— J. T. J. Archibald,
at the Grand Hotel; E. D. Baker, at the
Astor House; W. W. Brown, at the Gil
sey House; Mrs. S. Cooper, at the Ven
dome; O. P. N. Downing, . at the " Amster
dam; G. A. Fransacur, at the Earling
ton;i H. A. /French," at the Sturtevant; C.
H. Grant, at the Astor House; A. M. Leh
mert, at the Normandie; H. Llchtensteln,
at the Herald Square; G. Martin
and wife, at .the. Astor House; JV
G. Patterson and wife, at the Sturtevant;
G. j; Pike and wife, at the St. Denis; G.
, W.' Quinn, at the Gilsey : House ; P.; M.
Raymond, at the St. Denis f B..'S^hlessin
ger and wife, at the ;- Manhattan ; J. F.-
Valentine, "at the Broadway Central ; J.
Zentner.at the Grand Union.'
Calif ornians in New York.
ABANDONED CLAIMS-A. S.. Coarse
Gold Gulch, Fresno County, Cal. If a man
takes up a mining claim, puts up build-
Ings and machinery, but neglects to do
the necessary amount of assessment work
he forfeits his right to the claim, but th»
buildings and machinery revert to him.
OAKLAND MOLB-R. i F., City. The
distance between the ferry landing at the
root of Market street and the Oakland
passenger mole on the other side of the
bay is nearly three and three-quarter
miles.
ci? EV 4? A STATE -^ R- A., Berkeley,
Sn >J^ e ,? eXt State in Nevada
will be held on the 6th of November 1902
The next session of the Legislature will
open on the 19th of January, 1903.
BLACK SAND-B. L. A., City. If you
£r; iVJ, 116 State MlnIns Bureau the
Ferry building you will there be shown
ffieach- 6 blaCk Sand fTOm the Ca >*
HIS ADDRESS C ntv t**,- *.»
ot Signor Sonzo^'w^-ha^o^r^a
KoZ, S Z£ r the best — t opera? is
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, has re
turned from the East. E. O. McCormick,
passenger traffic manager, is expected
next week. %'¦-'
O. B. Jenkins, an official of. the United
States Treasury Department at Washing
ton, is at the Occidental with his wife.
G. W.-F. Johnson, an attorney of Napa,
who recently returned from Nome, is
among the arrivals at the Lick.
Edward Chambers, freight manager of
the Santa Fe at Los Angeles, is a guest
at the Palace.
, O. JMcHenry, a well-known resident of
Modesto, is among the arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
V. R..Syle, who is connected with the
United States coast survey, is at the Oc
cidental. .
j William Snow, a well-known bookmaker
of New York, is at the Palace with his
wife. ' ;V"' ¦ r%'j\
William P. Botsford, a bank president
of Los Angeles, is registered at the Pal
ace. ?
. J. M. Witmans, a mining man of New
man, Is a guest at the Lick.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The figures need no comment They speak for
themselves and for the city. They present us in a
sad contrast with our sister cities, but they show us
exactly how to deal with the problem of crime. Let
the municipal license for retailing liquor be raised
until it closes many oT the worst slum saloons. Then
with the increased revenue let the police force be in
creased. There is no reason why there should be
any stumbling or fumblfng over a problem whose
solution % is so easy as this.
In the other cities named the revenues derived
from saloon licenses go far toward maintaining the
police force. New York obtains from retail liquor
licenses $7,962,555, and expends for her Police De
partment • Chicago obtains from licenses
$3,197,500, and the cost of her Police Department is
but $3,773,423- Philadelphia gets from saloons
$1,903,000, and maintains her police for $2,894,158.
St. Louis receives $1,075,000 from liquor licenses, and
pays for police protection $1,598,159. Boston derives
$i»477,5O9 from licenses, and her police force costs
her $1,672,842. Baltimore procures an income of
$510,750 from saloons, and maintains her police for
$874,684. What a contrast is presented to those fig
ures by the showing of San Francisco, where, with all
our large ratio of saloons to population, we derive
from municipal retail liquor licenses only $266,532
and pay for police protection $884,461. ' .
The cause of this unAmerican proportion of
saloons to population is the cheapness pi the munici
pal license. The cost of retail liquor licenses in other
large American cities is far higher than the . amount
required here. In New York the license is $800 a
year; in Chicago, $500; in Philadelphia, $1100; in St.
Louis, $500; in Boston, $500 to $2000; in Baltimore,
$250; in San Francisco, $84. Thus while we have
more than double the number of saloons to the popu
lation than any other of these cities, we have a mu
nicipal license that is considerably less than half that
of the lowest license in any of them. ¦ .
The feasibility of applying such a remedy cannot
be doubted by any one who has given the subject
serious consideration. San Francisco, with a popula
tion of 342,782, has 3173 licensed saloons, or very
nearly a saloon for every 100 inhabitants. This ratio
is so much larger than obtains in any other American
city of note as to appear" something like a monstros
ity. In a comparison with other cities of this coun
try it gives us the appearance of being alien to Amer
ican civilization. Here is the way a recently compiled
record stands of the number of saloons to every
10,000 inhabitants in the principal cities of the
United States: New York, 31; Chicago, 38; Philadel
phia, 13; St. Louis, 27', Boston, 17; Baltimore,
40; San Francisco, 92. It will be seen that no
other of the cities named approximates our ratio of
saloons to population, or even amounts to half of it.
Two factors tend to produce this evil condition.
One is the large number of saloons where criminals
can resort, and the other is the insufficient number
of policemen. The solution of the problem, then,
can be found in the adoption of a policy which will
decrease the number of low class groggeries and at
the same time furnish a revenue for the maintenance
of an increased police force. To apply that policy
nothing more is necessary than to increase the
amount required for retail liquor licenses. It will re
quire no great skill on the part of the city authorities
to so fix the amount of a license to sell liquor that
the result will be the closing up of many if not all the
lower sort of saloons, while at the same time bring
ing to the city from those that remain open a much
larger revenue than is now obtained.
SAN FRANCISCO is,at this time confronted by
a very serious problem arising from the fre- :
quency of crime. Every week adds new in
stances to the lengthening list of assaults, hold-ups,
robberies, burglaries and murders, whose per
petrators escape arrest and remain at large, free "for
the commission of other crimes. The police are ac
tive and vigilant, they work long hours 3#d patrol
long beats, but they are not numerous enough to
safeguard the whole city, so criminals walk abroad in
it with so much impunity that Jthey may well nigh
call it theirs.
POLICE AND SALOONS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"In these days people forget quickly, but I fancy many can remember Lady
Warwick's wonderful girlish beauty in the days when she was still a debutante
and at a tinie when it was more than whispered that she was on the eve' of be
coming the bride of our most studious and serious-minded royal Prince The fact
that this same gentle and kindly royal personage lived to act as best man at
the wedding of Miss Maynard and the then Lord Brooke showed that even in
those days the most charming woman of our time knew how to succeed in doine
what so many women fail to do— that is, turning a lover into a friend "
Chief among the rivals of the Countess of Y/arwick for the distinction of belns
the reigning beauty of her time were the Marchioness of Londonderry PrWo«
HenryjOf Pless, Mrc. George Keppel, M iss Muriel Wilson and Lily Langtry
; One of that company, afterward recalling the discussion, summed it up thus:
"Of course, the secret of. the Countess' personal popularity is not far to seek
The .fairies who presided over 'Daisy' Maynard's christening endowed her not
only with beauty, but with extraordinary charm of manner, kindness of heart and
the quick wit so often denied to the otherwise fortunate possessor of exceptional
loveliness. '".' t '
WHO among modern society women will go down to future generations
as having been the loveliest, most interesting feminine personality of her
day? Is a question which was discussed recently In a company of well
known people, cables the London correspondent of 'ne New York
World. '
-¦It' was finally agreed by all that the Countess of Warwick undoubtedly is; as
one expressed it, "the only great lady who may be said to strike both the popular
Imagination and that of the smaller, more select circle of fliarists and letter-writ
ters who, after all, make history In these matters."
TUESDAY..., ............. '.FEBRUARY 18, 1902
JOHN D.' SPRECKELS, fr°PJ^-____
Adirest All CennuileitioBS to W. 8. LEAKS, Xtsager..
MAVAGER'S OFFICE , V Telephone *T'* J^f
PCBLICATIOJT OFFICE.,. Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered fcy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
. Single . Copies, 5 Cents. . \? r - t
Terms br Mall, Including Postage t
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday), ono year ..$3.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday), 6 months.....-.......* 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months.... ...»,.»».. 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month... m.immiiiii 65o
6UXDAY CALL. On* Year >MM . M w. 1-50
¦WEEKLY CALL, On» Year , »,..••••«.. ..'1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Stall subscribe™ ¦ In ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both NSW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAK1A5D OFFICE, .......1118 Broadway
C GEORGE3 KROGXESS,
Kuipr 7enlgn Adrtrtlsi&g, JUrquett* Building, Chicago.
(tcug Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
JTOW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
O. CV. CAJOX.T0X Herald Sanare
KBW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEX B t SMITH. «... . ..30 Tribune Building
NEW YOBK NEWS STANDS:
W»24firf-A*torla Hotel) A. Brentano, SI Union Squares
Ifattar SHl Hotel. .
CHICAGO KUWH STANDS:
Ph«nmi<n Eouset P. O, News Co.j Great Northern. Hotel;
p>«!T'Wf House 1 Auditorium Hotel.
WJLSHJXGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., IV. W.
MOaTOX E. CBAKB, Correspondent.
BBAXCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
¦bWX 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 3:30 o'clock. 033
McAllister, open Until 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
S:80 O'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Marker, comer Sixteenth, ' open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
Partial prosperity is no prosperity at all. It must
be general to be real. If it be proposed to use pro
tection only as a 'promoter for manufacturers, the
system will die and the party go out of power. Al
ready it is complained in Washington that this agita
lion,'started by the advocates of .Cuban. free trade, is
a fire that will burn-in all directions unless stopped.
Already sectaries have appeared in the party, and if
supplied "\fcith a motive given to the ; people by .'the
professors of expediency, their propaganda will
spread with a rapidity that will put the result of 1904
In. doubt before the two partisan armies mobilize for
Again, has any one a' reasonable hope that if the
farmers of the' country are disowned, and learn that
their sole duty fs to sweat while they carry protected
manufactures on. their galled backs, protection can
survive? If it be stigmatized as a policy of expe
diency only, and not a principle, does any one hope
for prolonged power for the party which has' pro
fessed it? - :Jih t -
Under the leadership of McKinley the party
taught protection as a principle, a creed that was
from everlasting unto everlasting, not to be de
stroyed by defeat nor overthrown by indifference.
After the defeat that followed the McKinley bill of
1890 not a State convention of the party anywhere
abated its advocacy of protection. It was treated as
a principle deep seated in our system and necessary
to the symmetrical development of the country and
the prosperity of the people. Himself defeated for
re-election to his seat in the House by a nobody
whose name is forgotten, McKinley went among the
people in each succeeding campaign to advocate pro
tection as a principle. In 1896 his reward came, and
in the years following his fidelity was justified. Does
any one believe that if the party 'had abandoned pro
tection when the reverse of 1890 left it so few mem
hets of the House that' their absence from the cham
ber left a quorum there it would have rallied for the
victory of 1896 and repeated it in 1000?
The difficulty inheres in proposing to treat protec
tion not as an economic doctrine founded in the rea
son of things, but as a gaudy^fcxpedient, to be striped
and painted as a sort of theatrical property in cam
paigns and then stripped-and washed off at pleasure.
If the Republican party propose to so treat it, it
should be warned of the result.
In the Ways and Means Committee the tariff had
so narrow an escape last week that protectionists
were thoroughly frightened. Mr. Babcock came
within one vote of reducing the duty on steel and
iron as a rider on the war revenue reduction bill. A
communication from a Republican member of the
Iowa Legislature was exhibited offering to pass a
tariff reduction resolution through "that body. ' By
way of retaliation Babcock was threatened with re
moval of the lumber tariff, because he has large per
sonal investments in lumber, and , this was countered
by a menace that hides would be made free, a demand
of Massachusetts Republicans. The friends of' beet
sugar, if- driven to the wall, declare that, if removal
of protection from the farmer is a good thing, it
should be passed around, and say they will take the
protectionists of the agricultural States, combine with
the Democrats and assault manufactures all along the
line.
Cuban free trade has started inquiry all along the
line, and protection has not been in greater - peril
since 1894. Indeed, its need is greater now than then,
for when the Democrats attacked it they recoiled
from ah extreme position and produced a tariff that
was incapable of description as anything else than
slightly modified protection. Now they are out of
power,: have no responsibility, and are willing to
join the discontent of the agricultural class, caused by
the proposition to disown it as a beneficiary of pro
tection, and cut the whole system to the marrow.
The plea that without free trade with us Cuba's
sugar crop this year must be harvested at a loss has
shot clear through and hit the Illinois farmers, who
dig up the corn^ statistics and show that not long
ago their corn crop sold for nearly $20,000,000 less
than the 'Cost of its production. They hunt the rec
ord in vain for any Government effort to make good
that loss, and are asking why "Cuba libre" deserves:
any more consideration than they had.
THE conversion of protectionist Republicans to
free trade in spots, and their expressed belief in
our solemn and moral obligation to make Cuba
permanently prosperous by free admission to our
markets, is demoralizing protection in the House of
its friends. ¦. , . V -
THE TARIFF NOT SAFE.
Efforts are now being made to adorn ; the- city and
decorate it in preparation for ' the thousands of dis
tinguished visitors who will be r among us during the
summer. It certainly is time for us to consider
whether or not -it will be well for us to give our
friends something, more than that generous welcome
which is our boast. •¦»;. ¦ ';' ',"
Testing President's Courage.
• • • .
Mrs. Fanny Morris and daughter, Miss
Blanche Morris, are at their home, 1110
Ellis street, after a long absence from .the
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Schwabacher are to
leave this week for their new home In the
north. They are enjoying their wedding
trip. Many callers were received at their
apartments yesterday In the Palace Hotel.
• • •
Mrs. H. E. Huntington and daughter,
Miss Clara Huntington, are en route to
New York, where several weeks will be
spent in selecting the trousseau for the
approaching wedding of the happy fiancee.
* • •
. Dr. and Mrs. E. O. Cochran have re
turaed from their ; wedding trip to Del
Monte and are stopping at the Palace Ho
tel. They were accompanied In the jour
ney by the bride's sister, Mrs. E. P. Dole,
of Honolulu. Mrs. Dole at present is at
the home of her family, 1133 Ellis street.
? • • *
Mr. and Mrs. John TV. Stetson save' a
very pleasant card party last Fridoy even-,<
ing at their home, 13 Scott street. The
prize winners were Mis3 Hart and Mr."
I Bass. A dainty supper was served after
i the games were over. The guests were:
i Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Stetson, Mr. and Mrs.
i T. N. Rosekrans, Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
j Stetson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stetson
j Wheeler, Dr. and Mrs. Edgar Bryant, Mr.
I and Mrs. Thayer, Mr. and Mrs; Brandt,
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Morse, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Mayers, Captain and Mrs. George
Gibbs, Mr. and Mrs. James Margo, Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Beadle, Captain and Mrs.
Fra.iier, Mr. and Mrs. John Hart, Mr. and
1 Mrs. D. H. Everett. Mr. .and Mrs* Mar-
I wedel, Mrs. Margo, Miss McNab, Miss
[ Saunders, Miss Rosenkrans, Miss Hart.
I Miss Priber, Miss Margo, Miss Beadle,
Miss Stetson. Miss Bessie Stetson, Mls3
Tharp, Miss Volkman. Miss Eda Volk
man, James McNab, Dr. Saunders, George
Beadle, Harry Stetson, John J. Meyers.
Mr. Volkman and Mr. Lund.
j The Argonaut Club gave a very success-
I ful stag party Jast week at one of the
I local theaters. Among those present were
Messrs. Herbert "Walters, Louis Horner,
Robert McGllt Jr., Joseph B. Duggan!
Robert Marshall. F. E: Buckley, A. W.
Dimond, Dr. Calvin "W. Knowles, D'Arcy
Stewart, David B. Torres, M. de Lyons,
"Walter J. Foley and Edward Stark.
Levl Strauss. Mrs. S. Frank. Mr. and Mra.
I. "W. Hell man Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Hel
ler, Mr. and Mrs. A. Stem. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Roos, Mr. and Mrs. A. Meertief, Mr. and Mrs.
M. KosbJand, Mr. and Mra. J. Newman, Mrs.
and Mrs. S, Michels. Mr. and Mrs. S. Sachs.
Mr. and Mrs. William Greenebaum. Mr.' aaJ^
Mrs. Moses Heller, Mr. and Mrs. George '
Kohn, Mr. and Mrs. I. Fleischmann, Mr. anil'
Mrs. I. Strassburger. Mr. and Mrs. A. S.
Ehrman, Mr. and Mrs. Jules Levy, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Ehrman. Mr. and Mrs. W. Mitau.
A large dinner was given by Mr. and
Mrs. S. TV. Heller and Mr. and Mrs. J.
Stern at 621 Leavenworth street on Fri
day evening. Orchids and ferns were the
decoration. An interesting programme
was provided for the guests, and a palm
ist added pleasure. The quests were:
• • •
Mrs. Bowman H. McCalla and Miss Me-
Calla are again at - the Hotel Richelieu,
having just returned from Central Amer
ica. : ¦ ,•-"•',
• • ' •
Lent is not interfering with the regular
reception days. In fact, more calls than
usual were paid yesterday to the host
esses who keep Monday, and they found
the sunshine of their friends* presence
most refreshing. »
• • •
The artistic home of Mr. and Mra.
George O. Gauld at 3009 Sacramento street
was the . scene of. a ; delightful reception
yesterday afternoon, between the hours of
3 and f. The occasion was the tenth an
niversary of Mr. and Mrs. Gauld's mar
riage and the celebration was a happy
one In every sense of the word. Over one
hundred and fifty guests were most hos
pitably entertained. Mrs. Gauld was as
sisted in receiving by her sister, Miss Cal
llsh. A good prchestra was In attendar.es
and dainty refreshments were served. The
house was elaborately decorated with
ferns and cut flowers for the event, but
tin was probably the most prominent fea
ture, it being a tin wedding celebration.
The unique and strikingly original de
signs in tin, which ornamented the rooms,
were the work of the host, who was re
peatedly congratulated upon the success
of the scheme. , Many tin hearts were
used in the arrangement and scores of
yards of fine tin chainwork' were fes
tooned about the rooms.
The array of presents was especially,
handsome and costly. Only a small num
ber were of tin. and these were lavishly
filled with flowers or candy. Many tele
grams from outside the city were re
ceived in addition to the congratulations
i extended the happ_y couple by the guests
I in person.
If ex-Supervisor Reed would invest his talents in a
crusade for a proper system of public accounting he
would be approaching municipal ownership from the
right side. "
In the case of municipal plants the people are the
owners of the works and administer them through
their agents, the city officials. Under private owner
ship the stockholders are the owners and the corpora
tion is their agent and trustee. This trustee is com
pelled by law to account for every mill of income and
outgo, and every stockholder has access to the ac
counts. His stock is his property. But when did a
municipal owner, ever feel that sense i of ownership
or attempt to enforce an equally exact accounting?
Never to our knowledge, and for that reason the
people are deprived of any means of proper compari
son".
have enabled the beginning and prosecution of the
work. These bond issues and their interest should
be added to all statements of the comparative cost of
water under municipal and private ownership. But
the enthusiastic proponents of municipal paternalism
go to the water-rate alone and present that as the
total cost of the supply. Of course Kansas City and
Philadelphia by their rates contribute to this show
ing, when the fact in their case is that the actual cost
is millions in excess of the rate. ."
Philadelphia is issuing twelve or fifteen millions in
bonds to effect long neglected sanitation of her'pub
lic water-supply, when an addition to the rate would
The net conclusion from the exhibit is that if re
pairs and extensions had been made as their need
appeared, the rate must have been greatly in excess
of that charged. But they were not made, and now
require a bond issue of several millions*.
Kansas City is just now adding to the list of prob
lems which arise under municipal ownership. She
has long owned her water supply. -.The supply is
constant and the system presents fine opportunity for
study. It appears now that repairs, extensions and
needed betterments have been neglectecf, until a point
is reached where they can be put off no longer and
must be made either by issuing bonds or -raising the
water rate. The existing rate is denounced as ex
orbitant, and the city papers bristle with statistics.
From these it appears that for the last seven years
.the income from the water works has been $2,545,
368, and the interest, cost and sinking fund have
amounted to $2,471,413, leaving only $173,955' accumu
lated income with which to make repairs and neces
sary additions that will cost millions. The great per
centage of cost of administration to income is _no
ticeable. In^some years the expense of administra
tion exceeds income, and fluctuates up and down, the
fluctuation apparently following the changes in poli
tical administration of the city.
We have given many examples of the occurrence of
this and other problems in cities under municipal
ownership. As a rule the trouble is municipal waste
and such a failure in' the system of accounting as to
make impossible ascertainment of the cost of the
water supply. The people are owners and ratepayers
and taxpayers. They partly pay for water in the di
rect rate and partly by taxation. The direct rate is
known; the indirect, by taxation, is not known.
Mr. Reed shows a shortage of water, but The Call
had long preceded him in that. It is highly probable
that if San Francisco had owned her water supply
from the beginning her water system would now be
exactly what the Spring Valley system is. It was the
first, most obvious and ready source, and any en
gineer, in public or private employ, would have re
sorted to it. It is also true that the supply would
be just as short under public as it is under private
ownership, and the problem that confronts the Spring
Valley would be a municipal problem. .
The liveliest impulse received by municipal owner
6hipin this city is the speech of ex-Supervisor Reed
on Sunday evening at the Academy of Sciences. But
a careful reading of the full report made in The Call
impresses one with its lack of information.
The store of facts bearing upon municipal waste
is daily increasing. This waste is an indefinite, un
known quantity, because public accounting conceals
rather than reveals public accounts. There has been
exposed in Chicago an instance of waste in that city,
by "which a half million has been lost to the taxpay T
ers of the West Side, and special taxes have been
collected for years as interest and sinking fund on a
bond issue that was iong ago canceled. Proper ac
counting and proper publicity would render such a
thing impossible. But when" the Illinois Legislature
passed a law to reform public accounting the Gov
ernor vetoed it. •;¦
Professor Parsons of Boston has drawn the enthu
siasm of audiences in favor of municipal ownership,
but his own State furnishes examples ¦; which should
deter other communities from embarking in it until
there is a reform in public accounting.
MUNICIPAL paternalism is having its innings
just now nT interesting discussions that illu
minate every branch of the subject except
one. That one, however, seems to be the determin
ing factor in the matter. No one discusses the re
form of public accounting to the end that a compari
son may be made between the cost of public utilities
under municipal and private ownership. It is no
torious that everything else done by municipal gov
ernment enormously exceeds the cost of parallel pri
vate work, and as a Tule is of poorer quality. No
one explains by what sorcery this rule is to be
changed when municipalities embark in the adminis
tration of general business. . • ,
SHE IS THE REIGNING
BEAUTY IN ENGLAND
A more important consequence of the change
would be. the lengthening of the term of Congress.
At present Congress has to perform nearly all of its
work in what is known as. "the long term." The clos
ing session,; which is cut short by March 4, hardly
affords time for the passage of routine bills. Six ad
ditional weeks of work would therefore be beneficial
in' many ways. That consideration will probably in
duce the country to give the amendment a cordial
support. Indeed, it is quite possible that it may be
acted upon with ;such promptness that it will go into
effect during the -present administration, j and the next
President will have the pleasure of an April inaugura
tion.
days of March. are generally unpleasant in that local
ity. March, it seems, has a habit of coming in like
a'lion," and as a consequence inaugural parades have
been frequently spoiled by blustering storms. A'
postponement to April. would- render such* occasions
much more pleasant to visitors and would enable the
national capital to |rrange for grand spectacular in
augurals with^the assurance that they would not be
marred by winds or storms. '
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
THE SANyFRANCISCO, GALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1902.
6
TIN WEDDING
ANNIVERSARY IS
WELL ATTENDED
THE GRACEFUL AND WITTY COUNTESS OF WARWICK, WHO HAS
BEEN DECLARED TO BE MORE CHARMING THAN ANY OTHER
.OF THE MANY .NOTED ENGLISH BEAUTIES.
AJUXTSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Temperance Town."
California — "Tne Sign of the Cross."
TlToli — "Th« Ameer."
Central — ''An African King."
Alcazar — "Th« Orient Express.".
ColuirAia — "Way Down East." • ; - "
Chute*. Zoo and Tneater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.. ! . TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18.
Bun rises 6:55
Bun sets ..5 :51
Moon sets ..* ..' ...3:40 a m.
O Timel ITimel (Time Time "
i* 1 Ft. I Ft. I , Ft.' Ft.
• L Wj . < ]H W[ |L, W IH W -
is" "TT22 To ¦ 7 :38 5.4 2 :40 -^02 9 :44 ~4.5
10 2:24 2.9 8:41 5.0 3:29—0.4 10:28 4.8
20 3:20 2.7 0:3S 6.7 4:14 -^-0.4 11:10 5.1
21 4:11 2.3 10:31 5.7 4 :5G —0.3 11:48 5.3
22 5:00 2.011:22 5.6 5:36 0.0 ..........
H W L W H W L W
S3 0:25 5.4 5:50 1.7 12:10 5.4 6:10 0.4
24 1:00 5.5 6:39 il.fi 12:66 ft B.I «:55 10
25 1:35 5.3 7:30| 1.5[ 1:40 4.7 7:34 1.5
If the head of tho house is a prohibition
ist it is sometimes easy to account for
the skeleton in the family closet.
TO SAIL. ;" J;^-
Ete'amer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
February 18. I "I
Argo* ... Coquille River .....| 4 pmjPier 2
North Fork Humboldt ..j 9 amlPler 2
Empire.... Coos Bay 112 mjPier 13
Phoenix..".. Mendoclno City .... 3 prniPier 13
S.Monica.. Humboldt :.... 111) amlPler 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 am|Pier 13
Eureka'. Humboldt ...i t> amjPier la
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 112 mlKer 10
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
- February 10. J
Rival.'..:.. Wlllapa Harbor ... 5pmlPler;2
Lakme Astoria & Portland. f> pm|Pier 2
Suite Cal... San Diego & Way.. i» amlPler 11
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 ami Pier 7
Kt-bruary SO. - .;.
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier.... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla. .. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier tt
Febrnary 21. I
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 11:30 p|Pier 0
> February 22. I I
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Hyades.... Honr-lulu & Kahului 12. m Pier 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Febrnary 23.
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. ft am Pier 11
Spokane S. Diego & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier . 2
February 24.
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
February 25. -I I
Nippon Mar China & Japan 1 pm]PMSS
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
February 20.
Alliance... Portland & Way... ; Pier —
. . : Febrnary 27. •' :
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
Luxor...... Hamburg & Way.. .:....
Cxarlna.i.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor .... SpmPlir 2
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
"LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 17 — Stmr Cevlc.
from New York. -
FUNCHAL— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Celtic,
from New York, for Algiers.
GIBRALTAP.— Arrived Fob 17— Stmr Aller.
from Naples and Genoa.
GLASGOW— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Cartha
ge nian, for New York.- ¦ . t
HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, . for New York.
OCKAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 23— Br ship
Lavernbank, from Hamburg; Br ship Ben Lee,
from Hamburg. ->¦ \
Sailed Jan 25— Ger bark Pallas, for Royal
Roads.
SYDNEY— Sailed Dec 24— Bktn Wrestler, for
Kehei.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb 14— Br stmr Ching
Wo, for Seattle.
: Arrived prior " to t Feb- 17 — Br stmr Gaelic,
hence Jan 21; Jap s'mr Rlojun Mara, from Se
attle.
TAHITI— Sailed Jan 24— Bktn Kohala, for
Newcastle, Aus.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Feb 14— Bark
Pactolus, • for Honolulu. Feb 16 — Ship Emily
Reed, for Kahului.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Feb 16— Nor ship Lanc
ing, for Antwerp.
Arrived Feb 16 — Br ship Arracan. hence
Sept 12; Br bark Glamls, from Tacoma.
ASCENSION— Arrived Feb 17— Br shiD Brit
ish General, hence Oct 30, and proceeded for
London. •
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr San Ma
teo, from Port Los Angeies, to sail Feb 18,
for Port Los Angeles.
COQUIMBO — Arrived Feb 15 — Schr John A
Campbell, from Port Blakeley. *
CALLAO— Arrived Feb 14— Schr Win H
Smith, from Port Blakeley.
WALLAROO— Arrived Feb 14— Bktn Robert
Sudden, from Chemainus.
hence Feb 13; Br ship Conw&y, from Shang
hai.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Feb 14 — Schr
Fannie Adele, from Honolulu. Feb 17 — Stmr
Sequoia, hence Feb It.
Barbound— Stmrs Grace Dollar and Melville
Dollar.
The appraisement of the Lake Merced lands
is based upon the value which they would have
if their use for the production of water were
abandoned.
It has not been possible for the City Engi
neer to ascertain the ownership by the Spring
Valley Water Works ip the properties and
water rights now in use above Nlles, particu
larly in the Sunoi Valley, for the development
of water which is being sent to this city
through the Alameda - pipe and the Belmont
pumps. . Expenditures by the water company
on this system have, therefore, been omitted
from this valuation, to be added as may be
.found necessary during the progress of the
inquiries now being made by the Board of
Supervisors, as a basis for fixing water rates.
The old works from the Nlles dam acrosc
Alameda Creek to Niles are not essential to
the system as now in use." It may, however,
be difficult to separate them from the water
rights which they helped to perfect. They
would not now be constructed as a necessary
part of the system, but. being constructed they
can be made, for a time at. least, to serve a
useful .purpose in supplying water to riparian
owners on Alameda Creek at and below Niles.
It has been thought proper to appraise them
at one-half of the estimated cost of duplicate.
Water Rights Above Niles.
The salient points of the report follow:
Lobjjs Creek pump has not been Included in
the appraisement, neither the Lobos Creek
lands. These properties have been in use for
some months during 1901 in supplying water,
but the source is undesirable and use of water
from it has again been discontinued.
It has been learned that certain works on
the Alameda shore, heretofore supposed to be
the property of the Spring Valley Water
Works, really appertain to another corpora
tion, from which the Spring Valley Company
derives the water furnished to the city from
that source. The information upon this con
dition possessed by this board is incomplete
and needs to be supplemented by testimony
which the Board of Supervisors can obtain from
the representaives of the company. For this
reason, certain items in the valuation of last
year are omitted from the accompanying re
port awaiting fuller information.
The ngures submitted do not include a valu
ation of the meters, nor of property on hand,
tools, horses, coal, etc.. because no specific in
formation relating thereto has yet been fur
nished by the water company. Their value re
mains to be added to the figures now sub
mitted. Neither ha3 anything been added for
gates set in 1901 on pipes of the city-distribut
ing system, because no information has been
received showing what' additions have been,
made during the year.
Salient Points of Report.
The Board of PublicWorks transmitted
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday an
appraisement of properties in use by the
Spring Valley Water Works and o*f the
franchise of the corporation, prepared by
the City Engineer. The latter official, the
report says, was to some extent at a dis
advantage in estimating values. He ap
praises the property at $24,468,210, of which
$2,250,000 is lixed as the value of the fran
chise, subdivided as follows: ,
Pilarcitos system, $860,410; San Andreas
system, $1,152,077; Crystal ¦- Springs system,
Locks Creek aqueduct, $364,1!K>;
Alameda pipe, etc., $l,C5u,5SU; city reservoir
and pipe system, exclusive of meters, $4,*4S,
447; J-ake Merced drainage and dams', $247,$8:S;
pumping stations,' on supply system, $808,751;
pumping station?, on city distributing system,
£-.:>O,Ui)f<; city reservoir sites in actual use, etc.,
?527,:J05; office lot . and building, $730,000;
lands outside of San Francisco, exclusive" of
Lake Merced lands, $3,0)6,730; Rancho Laguna
de la Merced and contiguous property, $2,015,
55."; water rights; in. addition to these included
in land values, $720,000; for value, due to the
fact that the business of the water company
is established, kt about" 25 per cent of items
Nos. 6, D and 10, $1,400,000; total, $22,218,210;
add- for additional value of franchise as above
indicated, say $2,250,0C0; grand total, .$24,
4tiS,210. . '
$24,468,210.
Supervisors Will Fix Water
Rates on a 1 Basis of
Board 6f Works Submits
Figures 911 Its Ap
praisement.
VALUES SPRING
VALLEY PLANT
The steamship Rainier, which arrived
here yesterday, five days from Port Had
lock, reports that about 5 p. m. of Febru
ary 13, about thirty miles west of -the Co
lumbia River* she passed an iron bark,
loaded and painted lead color, with her
fore topgallant mast carried away. She
also sighted a wooden bark In ballast.
The steamship Tampico. which arrived
yesterday at Port Townsend from Hono
lulu, reports having encountered heavy
weather. About twenty miles off Uma
tilla reef she passed, through a lot of
wreckage, apparently the deck load of
some coaster.
The owners of the German ship Otto
Gildemeister have made application for
Amerfcan register and permission to
change the vessel's name to Golden Gate.
"Water Front Notes.
Secretary White of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children has had the woman under sur
veillance since January 16. She had been
In receipt of relief from different chari
table organizations, and White was askea
to look into the case. The woman gave
the societies false addresses, and it was
by accident that Officer McMurray discov
ered where she was living with her three
young children and a man named Moxie
Schneepman, whom she claimed was her
cousin. She was offered free transporta
tion back to New York, where she said
her husband had deserted her, but she de
clined, as she made too much money here
begging. A few days ago a gentleman
saw her open a handkerchief- on Mont
gomery street to put a $5 golg- piece in
side which a gentleman had given her,
and there were'a number of gold pieces
already rolled up in the handkerchief.
Mrs. Lena Miller, alias Naylor, a pro
fessional beggar from New York, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday on
a charge of cruelty to a minor child. She
was arrested Saturday on Montgomery
street by Policeman Leonard for begging.
and when searched more than $8 was
found upon her. She had a little child
with her at the time. The case was con
tinued until to-morrow. •
PROFESSIONAL BEGGAR
EXPOSED THROUGH ARREST
The purposes of these inquiries being that the
City Attorney shall give this board full lepal
advice upon every question involved in ftils
subject in order that nothing will be done or
omitted that will Jeopardize this undertaking.
6. When can the proceedings for the acqui
sition, construction and operation of this pro
posed municipal road be commenced? How
and In what form shall said proceedings be
taken? When shall each step in said proceed
ings be taken?
« * J^ e , fran c h ise granted in common by
Order No. 1KJ9 for a period of fifty (50) years
from November 29. 1879. to the Geary Street
Park and Ocean Railroad Company, the North
r»nt a i an n " lssi °n Ra'lroad Company and the
Central Railroad Company (the last two .vimed
being grantors of the present Market Street
Railway Company) to connect existing roads
on Geary street with Market street in any
manner affect the operation by the : city and
county of the proposed municipal railroad?
5 \\ hen the Board o? Supervisors takes the
initiative under section 6 of article XII of the
charter, are one or two elections requited for
the submission to the electors of a proposition
to acquire a street railroad by original con
struction or reconstruction and of incurring a
debt through bond issue for the acquisition of
tame? - •
Geary-Street Franchise.
Boston held that the charter provides
acquired L Utlllties should be .gradually
( ," L ;' US l? ke t <: a ™ of what we have in
hand now," said Boxton, "before we ac
2hiw?r«n ny h neW PJ"°P°«Jt!on. There are
Snrf ™« k? ar w house d in unsanitary
and miserable school buildings there are
streets, to be paved .and there' arc^ other
Ltreft S rnJ re w er^ emaRd than thls &S5
strett road. We do not have to notffy the
corporation that its franchise will not be
renewed. I do not think that any Sne in
£1* .board will go agalr.t the win o" the
people by giving it the privilege again" -
ow! SOr \ a vf ked under what section of the
charter the resolution had been intro
duced, and Braunhart answered that th«»
charter did not provide for ftT U being'
merely a declaration of principle to dVp
vent the franchise from reverting to the
corporation. Wilson held that thf reS olu!
!h O e n fono P wing at vo7e: bUMt WaS adOpted by
Ayes — Booth, Brandenstein, Braunhart
Eon^S PCrSp ent * Boxton . Eesers. WH-
Absent — Sanderson.
Ask City Attorney's Advice.
The City Attorney was requested to in
form the board upon the following ques
tions pertaining to the municipal owner
aMn? SI I a S On Q^
IKS*!! Com^ovS
txpire?" 6 y Etreet and Polnt Lobos av " n "e
iss 2 uo °hnn^ e B^ ard of , Su P ervl sors proceed to
thprrfrn™ . f^ 8PP I y the mO"^* dwlwd
therefrom in the purchase of rolling sto-k
and necessary equipment and in the con*truc
b° rr°n,Hr P ? We r h hOUS £ &nd tO 6UCh *ork M mav
t£J q ?*.£ a * ol \ >er . than the actual reconstruc'
and Pnfr-V 1 T V2* an S roadbed on Geary street
f^-nff olrt , Lob ° s avenue before the time of ex
piration of the present franchise?
Tf^ii H H S rJ he Geary Stre(t - Pai * ani
p rf L roadb . od . subway or tracks before or
after the expiration of its franchise, and can
the city and county use the whole cr any nart
of said roadbed, subway or tracks «n the err.
struction of the municipal road'
Braunhart stated that the Utilities Com
mittee in recommending the resolution
was merely acting in accordance with the
charter and the expressed will of the peo
ple. *
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors here
by declares its determination to commence and
complete, as eoon as the haw will permit ih
necessary proceedings to construct and operate
a modern municipal electric railway system
upon Geary street and Point Lobos avenue
covering: the present Geary Street Park ''and
Ocean Railroad franchise, the termini of the
ccmpletea system to be tho ferry, foot of Mar
ket street, and Golden Gate Park, as the char
ter provides.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday pledging itself to the
acquisition of the Geary street road to ba
operated .by the municipality. The ieso
lution follows:
Asks Legal Advice as to Date
When the Franchise
Pledges Itself to Ac
quire Geary-Street
Railroad.
BOARD APPROVES
CITY OWNERSHIP
The strong southerly^ gales of the past
few days have made* the voyage from
northern ports to San Francisco a strenu
ous struggle. Quite a number of coasters
are behind • time, and all recent arrivals
from the north have reached port many
hours late. The 'steamship Eureka ar-
Head Winds Delay Coasters.
Dr. R. Holtzapfel. T. Halzenbach, Favlan
Edwards. VDavid Lappekin, Alfred Gautschi,
Herman Zolllnger. Carlos Huber, May Tinney,
H. Stradham. J. McKay, Mrs. A. Van Santen,
S. Basset and wife, F. Peterson, E. Foucar
and wife.
The Kosmos line steamship Luxor ar
rived In port yesterday from Hamburg
with sixteen passengers and a cargo of
hardwood, coffee, hides and other mer
chandise. She encountered some heavy
weather between here and- Mazatlan, but
arrived here on schedule time. She was
101 days from Hamburg, '96 days from
Antwerp, 94 days from London and 5 days
13 hour3 from Mazatlan. Her cabin pas
sengers were:
Luxor Arrives From Hamburg.
Was Off Port for Three Days!
The ship Florence | arrived yesterday,
twenty-twO days from Honolulu. She" lost
her fore royal mast on January .29 in a
northeasterly gale, and has been kept off
the port for three days by southeasterly
gales and a rough bar.. ,'j~:~J,1'-
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Andorlnha is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 25s; the French bark Marie
Molinos, same, 20s 3d.
The British bark Eaton Hall loads wheat at
Tacoma for Europe. .
'The Norwegian bark Andromeda will load
lumber at Hastings Mills for CallaO, 52s lid;
chartered prior to arrival.
The barkentine S. N. Castle returns to Hono
lulu with a general cargo.
The Dutch steamer Folmlna. recently re
ported, -is free, having missed her canceling
date. - : . . . *r ¦
Wheat For Europe.
The , French bark Conetable dc .Richemont
was cleared yesterday 'for Queenstown for or
ders, with 67,367 ctls wheat, valued at $74,103,
and 24,000 feet lumber as dunnage,' valued at
$360. ' . I .
The British ship Alclnous. which cleared yes
terday for the same port, carried 53,764 ctls
wheat, valued at $59,100, and 16,000 feet lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $256.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and -Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
- Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of "the Superintendent. ..
NOTE — The high and low, waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street • wharf) about
Iwenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
• ' ' - •
T^HE quartermaster captain of the
transport Meade was delivered a
gold brick' at Nagasaki by the
firm that supplied the transport
with coal, and as a result Uncle
Sam's big passenger boat had to call at
Honolulu for a supply of fuel that would
burn. The Meade arrived here yesterday
a week late, the imitation coal taken
aboard at Nagasaki being accountable for
the delay. The Meade brought sixty
three cabin passengers, fifty-seven sick,
wounded and convalescent, thirteen in
sane, two prisoners and 410 discharged
soldiers. She brought from Honolulu ten
stowaways, whose presence ~on board
caused a delay of several hours in quar
antine. The sick were transferred to the
Presidio, the soldiers were lodged at the
-detention- camp on .,Angel Island and »the
cabin passengers were brought ashore at
a late hour on the tug Slocum.
The Meade left Manila January 16 and
Nagasaki January 23. At Nagasaki she
took aboard a supply of "coal." As it
turned out, only a small percentage of
what filled the bunkers would really hum,
and what did burn was over 20 per tent
waste. On February 5, when in latitude
30.37 north, longitude 165.7 west, Captain
Willson decided to branch off in the di
rection of Honolulu and there lay in a
supply of real coal. The island port was
reached February 8, and on February 9,
with 700 tons of good ccal in the bunkers,
the transport headed for San Francisco.
She encountered a seasonable share of
stormy weather, but on the whole had a
pleasant trip. She sighted the Warren
yesterday morning.. The cabin passen
gers were:
Major John Biddle Porter. Major J. I>. Glen
non. Major It. P. Robins. Major H. P. Hoyt.
Commander T. H. Stevens (U. S. N.), Captain
T. P. P. Varney, Lieutenant D. G. Arrow
smith, Captain Herschell Tupes, Captain J. J.
Curry, Lieutenant H. Clay Evans Jr., Lieuten
ant Herman Glade, Lieutenant T. H. . Koch,
Lieutenant G. M. Holly, Lieutenant J. P.
Robinson, Lieutenant L. J. Van Shyiick, Chap
lain .G. W. Priolean. Lieutenant • J. T. Clark,
Lieutenant "W. M. Roberts, Dr. I. J. Hans
bottom, Miss Vena Richmond, Miss Edith Rich
mond Miss Ida Lasswell, Miss J. J. Deeley,
Miss B. R. Locke, Captain C. R. Hexamer,
Mrs. C. R. Hexamer and child, Mrs. H. F.
Hoyt and son, Mrs. J. F. Presnell-and child,
Mrs.' H. Tupes and child, airs. E. Macklin and
child, Mrs. F. A. Lewis, Mrs. C. B. Franklin,
Mrs. J. J. Curry, C. I. Dillon. J. J. Meany,
J F. Thompson, O B. Jenkins, Mrs. W. A.
Boyle, H. P. Ford, Mrs. W. M. Roberts, F. H.
Brundage, V. R. Lyle, W. McLaughlin, Mrs.
H. H. Rutherford and child, L. M. Theabeaden,
Mrs. 13. C. Batten. J/ J. Letterhouse. Misa
Mary Sprague, J. K. Barrett, ' Lieutenant J.
L Furcell, Dr. Clarence : Martin, Dr. C. F.
Smith, Jose Vano, J. A. Le Roy, Mrs. J.^A.
ILe Roy. i
From Nagasaki— Lieutenant J. F. B. €
Mitchell.
The British ship Langdale was yester
day . towed from Howard-street wharf,
where she has just finished discharging
her cargo, to Port Costa to load grain.
The Langdale arrived February 4, and
will be ready fdr sea again before -the
end of the month.
Has a Quick Dispatch.
A Mrs. Biddle of this city was an invol
untary passenger yesterday on the steam
ship George W. Elder as far as Black
Point. She boarded tho steamship at
Spear-street wharf for the purpose of bid
ding Eood-by to a friend. Mrs. Robinson.
The farewell ' ceremonies drowned the
sound of the "all ashore" bell, and Mrs.
Biddle started for Portland with the ves
sel. Captain Randall stopped the ship at
Black Point, however, and lowered Mrs.
Biddle into one of Crowley's launches.
Almost Taken to Portland.
rived yesterday from Eureka, having
taken for the run forty-eight instead of
about thirty hours, the usual time. The
steam collier Mackinaw was delayed over
twenty-four hours by head - winds, and
the steamship Umatilla, due Sunday
morning, had not - put in an appearance
at sundown yesterday. . . ;¦
KOSMOS LINE STEAMSHIP WHICH ARRIVED YESTKRD AY WITH AN
ASSORTED CARGO FROM HAMBURG, ANTWERP, LONDON AND
MAZATLAN, AND ENCOUNTERED A SERIES OF SEVERE GALES.
TRANSPORT ME ADE BRINGS INVALIDS
FROM FORGES IN THE PHILIPPINES
Steamer Movements.
Branch Hydrographies. Office, ¦ U. .S. 'N., Mer
chants' Exchanee. San Francisco, Cal.,
¦ .February 17, 1002. — . ¦-. '¦:..-.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped ¦ exactly at noon to-day.
i e at noon . of the 120th meridian, . or at 8
cm' Greenwich mean time. ¦ ¦ •
P - ' , W. H. STANDLEY,-
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In. the abo%-e exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. ;.The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey. Charts.- except when a minus (— )
£izn precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The "Plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.^ ..
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer; _ From. , j rjue..'
Arcata. ..... Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. iS
Empire...." Coos Bay .........;¦..;. Feb. 18
Rival. •¦• Willapa Harbor"....... Feb. 18
Lakme. ..:..'• Portland & Astoria.". . . Feb. IS
Umatilla.. .'. • Puget . Sound Ports . ".v. Feb. l.S
Asuncion. . - • Tacoma. .". . . . '...¦....... Feb. 18
Victoria.'. . ."• • Oyster Harbor .:...... Feb. IS
Sonoma...... Sydney '& Way. Ports.. Feb. 18
San Juan..'.. Panama^ & Way, Ports.". Feb. ! 18
Pleiades.."..- Seattle -...'. Feb. 19
Pomona. . .¦.'• . Humboldt .............. Feb. . 19
Columbia'.... Portland &* Astoria' 1 .... Feb.' 19
Isis. ......... Hamburg & Way Ports. Feb. < 10
Tttanla. .. . . . Kanalmo *...'....... ..v. Feb. 19
Chas.' Nelson. Redondo Feb.: 19
Point Arena:. Point Arena ;..:..."..¦. Feb. 20
Santa Rosa;. San Diego & Way, Ports. Feb. 20
Coos Bay . . • ' . San Pedro & Way Ports Feb. i 20
Eureka..". r:~ Humboldt ..'."....;.'..:. Feb.' 21"
Mandalay ."..'. Coquille- River '..:.-.;... Feb. 21
City Puebla:'. Puget- Sound -Ports .'.;.¦. Feb. 21
Peru. ........ China & Japan ; Feb. 2'^
Newburg.". . . . SanrFedro- Feb. 23
Coronado..... Grays Harbor ......:. Feb.21
Progrcso :.':'.*. Seattle .'."/... "..'.'.:'....;. Feb."2.3
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Feb. 23
Bonita... ".".".. Newport & Way Ports.. Feb.' 2-1
Sequoiar. V. ; . Grays Harbor ..'.".'...¦"..". Feb.'24
O. W.~ Elder.'. Portland-^ &¦- Astoria. .V. Feb.'24
North Fork.'." Humboldt 1 . .......... ,~. Feb. .24
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoraa ;..,.; Feb. 25
Queen .T;/.;;.' Puget, Sound Ports.. ..".; Feb. 2«
Santa Ana:.". Sea ttle & Tacoma ¦'. T..r. Feb 28
Spokane:.:..* San Diego & Way Ports Feb.-; 27
Curacao.'....*. Mexican Ports .....'..'.". Feb.' 27
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Progreao
hencu * Feb'.' 13; "stmr; Czarina, : hence Feb 13
stmr»Tampico, from"! Honolulu. ¦ : •
(- ' Sailed " Feb *¦ 17 — Stmr -> City >; of . Seattle for
Skagway., , . . . - .
. NEAH BAT— Passed in .' Feb 17 — Br ship
Belford,": from- London.— for- Victoria: .Br ship
Laomene, from Antwerp; Br ship : M ¦ E Wat
jion, .'¦¦' from Iqulque ; Br ¦ bark : Adderly. ' from
Shanghai; ship Oriental, : hence Jan : 18,": for
Oyster Harbor; « ship • Chas . : E Moody, •> from
Honolulu ; ' schr. Alvena," from : San ¦ Pedro : schr
Robert - Lewers,j from 1 Honolulu; '.»tmr Queen,
hence Feb* 15, for Victoria." -'
•Passcdout Febl5— Schr John G North, for
San Francisco. . ; . . - . \ , . •
SAN v PEDRO-^- Arrived Feb ' 7— Barge Santa
Paula,' hence Feb ¦? 14. :.." ••¦ '...'. ¦- :^-»-*aE
". ¦ Sailed '.;, Feb ' * 17— Stmr Aberdeen, L for San
Francisco.- ¦ . -.-( ' ' '* ¦ ¦ ,
-EAST SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 17 — Barge
Santa Paula,: In tow tug Rescue,- hence Feb'14;
r, PORT v.HADLOCK— Arrived Feb lfr-^Stmr
Robert : Dollar, ¦ hence Feb 12.
¦ ASTORIA— Arrived "Feb 17— Nor stmr Thyr a.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, : Feb 17/ 10 p m— Weather
hazy ;, wind NW.t velocity 1C miles. ¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Brunswick — Had SE' gales all the
way down. ¦ . :
• Per stmr' Mackinaw — Had succession of SSE
Sales for 3 'days. ¦ '¦'"¦/
¦ Per stir.r Tamsico, at Seattle, from Hono
lulu, Ftb 17— Reports met with very heavy
weather during: : voyage. .When 20 miles off
Um.\tilla Reef passed through a large amount
of- wreckage, consisting of lumber and laths,
probably deckload of some vessel. '<•¦/¦/ ¦--.
Por US stmr Meade, from Manila, Feb. 17—
Had a succession of easterly rales after leav
ing Nagasaki. Put into Honolulu short of
coal.- > .- : . ... •
Ptr ship Florence, from Honolulu. Feb 17—
Jan 20 carried away foreroyal .yard in NE
gain/ .;: Have been off San Francisco for thre#
days with a succession of SE and SW< gales
and ¦ a rough bar." |
Per £tmr Rainier — Keb 13, 5 d m, 30 miles
W of. Columbia River, saw an iron bark loaded
and : painted lead color with foretopgallant
mast cone ; : also wooden bark < in ballast; both
bound in. Feb' 15,'noon, 30 miles NW by-W
of St : George lleof . spoke schr Columbia. • from
Ballard for San Pedro, loaded, with piles.- Had
SE storm all the way down.-'
LONDON," Feb 13 — Br/'strar! Indrasamba,
from New York for Manila, previously re
ported, put back to. Singapore. Will cost £2700
for ¦ rerjairs ! and '- dock fees.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Dec 10, lat.54 20 S, Ion 58 20 V— Br ship
Mooltan, hence Sept 28, for Queenstown,
Per U S stmr Meade — Feb JC, 2 p m, passed
Rr Btmr Doric, hence Feb' 15, : for China and
Japan
SPOKEN,
Monday, February 17.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Wallace, Astoria. '
Stmr Redwood City (now), Hansen, Bowens
Landing. ; ¦ ¦.• '
Stmr National City, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
US stmr Warren, Barneson, ¦ Manila, via
Honolulu..
SAILED.
Monday, February 17.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Wallace, Actoriat : Oregon
Railroad and Nav. Co.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
¦ Br ship Alclnous, MacCormalg, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
Bark Olympic, Evans, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlfncnd & Co.
Fr bark Connetable d*> Rlchmont, Raull.
Queenstown ; Balf our. Cuthrie & Co.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu; -Welch &
Co. •• .¦.«,-¦ .i.i ¦;¦;¦_
CLEARED.
Monday, February 17.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 43 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 85 - hours from
Crescent City. - ¦ • . '
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, 36 hours from
San Pedro.
- Stmr GUalala, Weber, 36 hours from Albion.
* Stmr Brunswick, Dlttmers, 41 hours from
Eureka; up river direct.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 7 days from Ta
coma. via Clallam Bay 6 days.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 6 days fronv Port
Hadlock.
Stmr Ruth, HIggins, 43 hours from Reflondo.
Stmr . Argo, .Hughes, 4 days 3 hours from
Bandon.
US stmr Meade, Wilson,. 32 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 25 days, via Honolulu S
days.
¦ Ger stmr Luxor, Tlmmerman, 101 days from
»etc. :•-"¦'
' Ship Florence. Spicer, 22 days from Hono
lulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
FROM EEATTLK.
Steamer. ~ For. ~ I Salla.
Farallon. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. IS
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 22
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 25
Dlrlgo ....... Skagway & Way Ports. jFeb. ' 27
THE SAN FRiVNCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18. 19Z2.
7
---'-¦- _•- _ _ -AMUSEMENTS. '
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
NORDIGA
SONG RECITAL. -
RESERVED SEATS $1. $2. $3. v
GENERAL ADMISSION $1.
Farewell Recital Saturday Afternoon.
CHICAGO SYMPHONY
ORCHESTRA. M
Four Magnificent Programmes.
WED. and FRIDAY EVES. Feb. 26-28. SAT.
AFT. and NIGHT. March 1.
SEASON SALE NOW OPEN.
Prices $5. $3 Z0 and $2 50.
Single seats $1 50. $1 and 75c. : Ready Thurs-
day.' Box office for above attractions Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUND'AY.
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
WM. A. ERADY'S \J%!j
His production V7 W £*?U W
of the \ g>3
beautiful^ "W"^
Ey Lottie 3 # S B W¥ B'1
I Blair Parker. -Sas^ U f JLJL
Elaborated "h^ J
by Jos. R. r\A <f^ fi?^ a'
Grismer. (T^ i gfVk JtjN B
PRICES— $1 BO." $1. 75c, 50c. 25c.
TO-NIGHT— LAST WEFK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
William Greet Presents the Powerful Ycr.n*
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE GROSS,
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
NEXT SUNDAY— FEB. 23
MURRAY AND MACK
nt
** SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
in. itfUsifa S» %I ±j&£r \\ vU&fc
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENINb THIS WEEK.
Instantaneous Hit of i
GEORGE OBER
One of America's Foremost Comedians, in
Chas. Hoyt's Famous Comedy Drama, '
A Temperance Town.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 23c.
'— NEXT WJblKK
GEORGE OBER in "A 'MIDNIGHT BELL."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS!
HT^ff IF?
AMEER!
MONDAY. Feb. 24 — The Great BOSTONIAN
OPERA,
THE SERENADE.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 73c.
Telephone Buah 9.
VAUDEVILLE MIXED! MIXED
WELL!
The Blossoms^Hawailan. Glee Club;
T Warren and Blanchard; Mary Her-
man; Dempsey and Hack Com-
pany; , 3 Marvelous Merrills;
Wincherxnan's Bears; Jessie Data
and the Siograph.
Reserved Seats. ' 23c; Balcony, 10c: Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
Belasco & Thai], Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK,
The Latest German Farcical Success,
|"The Orient Express"
ALL ABOARD FOR THE LAND OF KUN*
MATINEE 8ATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c.
Next Mon. — "THE HEAD OF THE FAMILY."
BE^SCOamoTHAICSj^^
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A GREAT PRODUCTION of Charles E. BU-
ney's (Author of "Kins of the Opium
Ring) Successful Melodrama,
An African King.
PRICES3— Evening. 10c to 30c; Matinee. 10c.
15c and 25c .
|1§^ RAGING
-Si^S* Every Week Day —
Cr Rain or Shlno. .
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 y. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. l.'l:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smokinjr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. -All trains vln
Oakland mole .connect with San Pablo avenuo
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also ail trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the tTack in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the lajt
race. '¦^•adnannwMiitMHWKi
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. '
OGEANSIDE_GARDENS
AT THE BEAGH.
.Bids for concessions ami privileges of all
kinds will be received at the company' ¦ office.
No.' 219 , Montgomery st, until FRIDAY, the
CSth Inst SKSflH
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
, ,.._----_---¦.. _--___--'_
NO GEEASE OR DANGEROUS
=> DRUGS
ln\ "Herpicide" the New Scientific
and Successf til Dandruff Treatment.
Have you dandruff? TJjen you ¦ have
a contagious parasite disease, unpleas-
ant, unhealthy and one that will event-
ually lead to baldness. To cure it you
must destroy the parasite . that eats at
the root of the haJr. The only preparation
for, destroying these germs is . Newbro's
Herpicide. Charles Klein of Laramle,
Wyo., says: "Herpicide allayed the ittrfi-
ing, cured the dandruff and stopped my
hair's falling out: and it is bringing a new
crop of hair." Herpicide is free from
grease or dangerous # drugs, and makes
hair glossy and, soft as silk. One bottle
will convince you of ltd merits.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
- 220 • BROADWAY. N. V T.«,
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
. On one side of these magnificent
. hotels is the wholesale and manu-.
. facturers' . district — on the. other, re-
tail stores, -clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. :¦• Street cars to all parts of the
V city— depots, . ferries and . parks —
. -pass the entrance. '
Americah and -European plans.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cnr~d by A.zsz !
Littis Pi!!s.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty l
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
r.ess. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. Thev
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Fill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEAN THAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. |
JJL^ Strsmrrs |fjv« Bread'"' 3 ? j
Vv harf. Pan Francisco: i
* 1Sr+*^>*%. For Ketchikan. jun»au. )
i. 5S3«tL*^w fK«K»-ay etc.. Alaska — 11 a. j
* U'SiXtSrffik m- 6. '«. 15 - 20 - ~ 7 '-
> C-^vJiiy^ V?4 March -J. ChnnCf t_- rom. j
I rWW51_S**xl vany'a f=t^.7nfr» at G#«ttl». 1
«r**^<^*-J Frr Victoria. Vancruv»r. ;
** r™-t Tcv.n^rrt. SentHe. Tar>- .
sna Vverctt New Whstcom — ,
II a. in Feb 6. 10. IS. 20. W A Msrrh I. I
Chance nt Seattle V> this <-omp»ny-« ¦<:«•»> m-r» ¦
for Alaska and dj N. l»r.S M Sentt - £" T»- j
coma ;o K If. Hy. ¦ »t Vmactmi** »<-¦ r. i»
For EurVica 'Humho'.Ct Hay)— 1:-.9 P. "*¦¦•
Feh 1. f, 11. I«. 21. -'<•. March 3
Tnr Pan Pieto. storplrsr or.'.y nt Santa B*'- .
fcara. Port Los Ansel** nnd Redor.d-v <U» An.
r-Wfi — Stearr.er Sprkan<-. Sundays, s ». m. j
St«smir But* of Ca!.. Wednesday*, n a. rn.
For Lcs Ar.cles, rrMlnz at Santa Cruz Mon-
t.. r?y p an gitrsron. Cayuc«», Port KaTVJra <han
:.u:«'Oh«sr-c) Panta Barhara. Ventura. Hue-
::»>m«>. Ract f=*n Pedro. San Pedro and »N«w-
l«ort <*Bonlta on!r).
P.onit« fl a. m.. Ff-h. •!. Tl. 19. 27. March «.
Ovxs Bay 0 a. m.. Feb. 7. 15. 23. "larch 3.
FcrFnwrsda. Macdalena Bay. San Jcse del
•".-.bo Wazstlan. Altata. La Paz. SanU Rosa-
:ia and Guaymae (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
n-^nth.
For further information obtain folder.
r.!;rrit Is reserved to change Eteamers cr sall-
ir.z intern.
• TlC'^'F'? OTTTCE — * N'ew Mcatgomerr
ftr»Pt <Pa!ace Hctel).
GOCDALU PEBKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market 6t.. San Francisco.
O. R: & N" CO,
Only Steamship Xilne Xo
PORTLAND, Or.,
/ rd Rail L!n- fprrn Port'n-H t->
points Ea«t. a Throufeh Ticlceit to all.
po:n*^. -»' ! »•»»'> or «tenm«hi?> and pall, at
XiO-WTEST XL&TES.
ETEAKEK TICKETS IKCLUDE BEST2 ani HEAL3.
B& COLUMBIA Salis „
Feb. 11% 22; Mar. 4. 14. II
ES. GEO. IV. ELDER Sails
Feb. 17. 27; Mar. ». 19. 2J»
fteamer Rails from foot of Soear St.. 11 a. m. '
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Art.. 1 Monts'y, S. F. :
'A TOUR TO
UNDER PEIISONAI. ESCOliT.
LKA\TNG SAN FHAXCISCO MARCH 8.
Full particulars of
RAYMOND & WHITCOMB CO..
Cl Crocker Ealldlnc. Fan Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
ner Kir^t and Brennan street*, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kcbe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting: at Hongkonp with steamers for India.
etc No cargo received on board on day of
sa'.Iirie.
ES. NIPPON MARU _
Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
ES. AMERICA MARU
Trlday. March 21st, 19C2
ES. HONGKONG MAttl:
Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freipht and passage apply nt company's ofnee.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
Anl C!3 M Ani'rioana da VanDHJ
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican. Central
fend South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Dier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. Feb. IS! SANTIAGO
PALENA ...March 10 TUCAPEL
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
'No change at Acapulco or Panama.> Freight
and passenger office. SIC California street.
BALFOUR/ GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents.
panama r, iiii
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. P. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Mar. 24
8. S. Arftyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p m
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market «t.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
$Vp Ajtnf A «[ t? fA B'-WAS, SAMOA, 0B1
' OIRECC LINE TO UKITl.
BS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
ss. sonoma; 'for 'iVo^iulu' s^mo^Auck 0 " ™*
land and Sydney. .Thure.. Feb 27 10 a. m
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu..
Saturday, March 8*. V 02,*2*n m
£ 1 l rams km . co um> km. m itm si
Wl fasanjir OSa, Ul Baifat SL, ter to. 1. S It
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and StJichaeL
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRA>* S- A L A STf \ COMPANT,
Crocker building.
Operating etage lines between Illamna Bay
and above points.
AMERICAN LINE.
NKTT YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON
St. Louis.Feb. 26,10am;St; Paul, Mat. 12.10ain
Philadel.. Mar. S, lOamlSt. Louis, Mar.lO.lOaS
REL> STArf LINE.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
FricEland, reb.26,noonjV"aderland, Mar.i2,noon
Southward, Mar.S.noon; Kens' pton. Mar.19 noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Paclflc Coast. 30 Montgomery et.
CCKP1G5IZ GEKESAL3 TEAKEATLlKTIQUl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^
feaiiint every Thursday, Instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. u*rw?e&$
North River, foot of Marton street.
First class to Havre, J 70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coatt
>.f er.tr. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket; Bold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY^AJfD BIVEB STEAMERS ,
Eieamen GM. FRISBIi or'MONTICELL)
8;45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
flay. Eunday. »:«S a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, O p. m.. except
Eunday. Eunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. tn. Far* i-J
cenU. Telephone Main 1S0S. Landing an.i
office, pier 2, Uisslon-strect dock. HATCH
BROS. ,
The Weekly GaU.
$1 per Year*
IHBBHksHlttOHWMiMM^SHK
rvVf 0 fyP Has mmm P~ # ...'., M^m^j^^^^^^F''\"/*'J^/''V*'v-'/-'mBlKOn tfce Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 17©2Sc; dair
ies, 17022c. Cheese, steady, 10@12c. . Eggs,
strong, j excited; fresh, 31@32c. :
Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, barrels 25,000. . 31,000
Wheat, bushels 58,000, ; .57,000'
Corn, bushels 48,000.. 24,000
Oats, bushela ' 110.000 101,000
Rye, bushels .'... .30,000 " 10.000
Barley, bushels '..'. 16.000 ¦
Foreign Futures.
.-.. Beans and Seeds.
• Beans seem to. be -picking n up , a little.- , In
addition . to . the 1 advance Ins Blackeye already
mentioned,: , there ¦ ' le C now :.' reported •more '¦": de
mand for 'Pinks-and' Bayos. ¦•'- principally .' for
shipping account,- though prices are ' no ; higher.
„' BKANS— JBayos. ' $a .154J2 00: 1 Small AVJiite,
52 WHS 20;' Large -White. $2 75@3: Pea, $3 50
©4; Pink. $1.9Og-2 20; Red. $lf 75<gtf; Black
eye, "$3.7594 ;- Limas. .$4'45@4,65; ; Red K\a
neys. S3 S5«)4 • per » rtl.' . ' ¦. ¦
•"* SEEDS— Trieste ' Mustard, t $2 85®3: Yellow
Mustard. $:}25©3 CO; Flax.V. $2 40(®2 i75; Ca
?-1 ry /' i'Yt ® 3 % c f or ' '' Eastern ; ••'Alfalfa,- . from
¦V^tr 8 - c: Ra P«."l^@l»ic: Hemp; 3%c per lb.
SlVp E e tW Nile8 ' I1 ' 25@165: Green '
, NEW YORK. : Feb. ,17.— All ' of '; the local
metal ' markets .were ¦ dull" and \ unchanged. ;.wlth
the exoeptlon of '•'. tin. -which was^somewhat
higher, closing at $25 'M bid.' The London mar-
New -York' Metal.iMarkct,
¦ 'SHEEP — Receipts, - 1700; -10@15c higher.'
Western lambs, $5 7o@0 75; Western " sheep ; Si
©C.25. • : ¦
HOGS— Receipts, 1 4000; 10pi5c . lower. ; , Light
and light : mixed." $5 *io@o 10; medium and
hea%T..$5 95(36 25; pigs: $3 35@5. ¦
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 17.— CATTLE- Re
ceipts, 1200; -steady. . • Natives,' $4@U 75; cows
and heifers, $1 75@5 40;. veals, $4@6.75; Btock
ers and feeders, $2 50@4 75. . • •"
ST. JOSEPH
¦ SHEEP — Receipts,^ 26,000;- sheep and ¦ lambs
lower. „: Good to ¦ choice - wethers,: $4 75@5 25
fair to choice mixed,'. $3 8504 60; Western and
yearlings, $4 00@5 00; native- lambs, $3'75ff?
6 CO;, Western lambs, $5 25@6 CO. . ¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day, - 60,000; to-morrow
'40.000; left over. 14,000 head, c Market 10@15c
lower. .Mixed and butchers', $5 75@ti 20 ¦¦'good
to choice heavy, $6 15@(J 30; rough heavy' $5 SO
60 10; light, $5 50@5 85; bulk of -sales, $5 85
@6 15. ¦,"..".". . " - ¦¦ ...
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
22,000; , active . and . steady ¦ to\ firm.' Good to
prime steers, $6 50@7; poor to ; medium, $4@
6 25: stockers and feeders. $2 25@4 CO- cows
$1 25@5 40; ; heifers. . $2 25@5 50; . canners'
$1@2 25; bulls, $2 25®4 50; calves, . $2 50@7 :
Texas-fed steers. $4 25® 5 75. -.¦,-,
Eastern Livestock Market.
' Hay dealers are quoting rather, lower, prices
for Hay again, • owing to "the rains, which have
been copious in the northern counties and some
parts of the Salinas Valley. « The southern part
of the State is still dry, however. % There -is
no» change in Feedstuff* '' '.
¦ BRAN — $18 50&1U per ton. ¦
¦'- MlDDLINGS-^-$l!> 50@21 per ton. ¦ ...
*¦*: FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled . Barley $10@20 - per
ton; Oilcake Meal at tile mill, $27@2S; Jobbing,
$28 50@21); Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31(8-3:2; Cracked Corn," $31 50@32 50; Mixed
'Feed. $17<S18 50 ;< Cottonseed Meal. $2«' 50.
HAY — Wheat. $10@l.*Sf . fancy. $13 50; Wheat
and Oat. $10@13;- Oat. $0@ll;'- Alfalfa.
$Sfell: Clover. $7l&l); Volunteer, $0 60(S0; Stock,
$0®8 50 Der.ton.'- ' ¦:- t •
STRAW — iOgCGc per bale.
Hay. and Feedstuff s
PARIS. *
Wheat — , Feb.'. May- Aug.
Opening ' 21 40 22 45
Closing 2130 .22 45
Flour — ", ¦ * : . ¦
Opening .! .26 80 - ' 28 15
Closing 26 80' 28 10
•LIVERPOOL. ,
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 0 2^4 6 2^4
Closing Q 2% 62%
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks- are as fol
lows, usual: discount- -to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; ilye Flour,* $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats," $5;; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;- Cracked
Wheat. $3 00; Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Kolled ; Oats (barrels), $6 S5@
8 35; in sacks, $0 50@8; ;• Pearl Barley,. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FL0UK— California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. '$3 40@3'5»:
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and $3
@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3®
3 50. . ¦ ¦- -.
The .millers still report a good demand for
Flour for. local and export account. ; Standard
Oregon and.. Washington brands are quite firm
and come of them are bringing relatively more
at the moment than the local product.;
Flour; and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%@75%c; No. 2
red, 85i4c: No., 2 oats. 44@44%c: No. 2 white.
4«V4@46V4c; No. 3 white. 45@4CV6c; No. 2 rye.
60c; No. 1 Northwestern flaxseed, $1 71; prime
timothy seed, 65%c; mess pork, per bbl. $15 65
@15 70; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 30@0 32%; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 30@8 45; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7 '4c; short • clear sides
(boxed). $8 75@8 85, '.,-'.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
rtocks— Bales. High. Low. Close.
Atvhlson 3,500 77%' 77% 77%
Atchiscn pfd 800 9S 97»4 »7Ti
Bait & Ohio 9,400 105% 104% 105
Btlt & Ohio pfd..., .... ...t ,94
Canadian Pacific .. 1.300 115% ." 115 ."115 ".
Canada .Southern .. ¦ ¦ . - J-, 87 •
Chesapeake & Ohio ¦ 100 • ¦ 46U - 4oi£- 4«U
Cl.lo & Alton...:.. 800 34% 34 34
Cliic & Alton pfd .- - 753/.
Chic Ind & Louis.. "11,800 W5% 54 K: 55'>i
CJiic Ind & L pfd. 1.600 -, 79% i 79 791I.
Cl.lc & Eaet llllngis . 100 141V* 141%. 141%
Chic & Gifat West .-2,600'. 24« 24>A' "4V
CJiic & G W A pfd. 3«0 S«S - 8C2 86 '
Zl Ic & G W B pfd. 100 47% 4714 * ' 40
P !c & Northwest. 100 220 220 ''id '
t.'.ic R I & Pac 300 164 103% ltu
Dl:ic Ter.A'Tr..: .... x lft
£1 Ic Ter & Tr pfd. ..... .... "" 31 u,
C C C & St Louis.. 100 101% 101% lOlS
C-lo Souttoetn ..;.. 10.000 1»4 ig2 !«%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 2,100 67 V4 C«3i «R3?
tflo Sou 2d pfd.... 2,400 35% 35 now
Del &' Hudson.;... 300 172 17184 171*?
DM Lack & West. 300 284 283 2S1
Denver & R G , . 44U
tmn-er ; & R O pfd; 100 ' 93% tvjii - 93 2
F.rie ...........;.. 10.4<i0 39% 39% S9%
Erie 1st pfd:...-... 1,300 70% 0ii% 70
Erie 2d . pfd . . .'. ;. . . • . 600 57',i S6% 57
Great Northern pfd » » WX»v 189Vi 189 189%
Hocking 1 -Varley .,..". C 300 • f>.S% 6SU ¦ fi«2
Racking Val pfd... SO0 85^ 84% S4
Illinois Central . 71' 600 141 140% 14052
p'l Central. .•.'.:¦..' 900 49 48V4 : 4Ril
Jo »a Central pfd.: 100 81 si- 80%
Uke Erie i Weetw ,100' 68 68
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— To-day's severe
eni.wBtonn lessened the attendance at the
6tock -Xxcl-^nse and made the stay short ot
thcee brokers who did attend. The conse
•au.-aoe was a "dull - and uninteresting market
of no fixed tendency. Only a few stocks
showed dealings of any importance and the
price movement In these was inclined to vary.
A number of usually inactive stocks made some
profcrees upward. The undertone was firm and
while prices did not hold always at the best
the lever of prices did not get below (Saturday.
There nas an active speculation In Metropol
itan Street Railway, but the opinion, of th«
new plan remained about as unfixed as since
its promulgation. Sugar advanced on account
of the rii»e in the price of refined susrar. and
tbe ccciinu«4 hope that the duty on Cuban
eugars will "-. be remitted by Congress. 'lhe
urgent buying ot raw copper in London and
the sharp advance > in 'the price resulted in
buying of Amalgamated Copper stocks here
'i'hi re < was some movement in the stocks of
<lifi erent'.jsteel companies, apparently In con
nection with the annual meeting of tbe United
States Steel Corporation, but the movement
of the etocks themselves was narrow and deal-
Ings were not on a very large scale, consider
ing the enormous volume of the capital. The
rai.road list, outside of some minor stocks,. was
sluggish and neglected.' Tbe continued paucity
of the grain movement and the obstruction of
tra: fie; by ; storms foreshadows a repetition . of
the decreases of- first week gross earnings for
the eccond .week in February. Although con
fidence has been professed in Wall street that
the Supreme Court will ' hand down a. decision
next' Monday favorable to the Northern Securi
ties Company, as the time approaches for the
court to .convene ' there is a disposition to hold
eff speculative operations until the .case is
decided. The money market showed some de
gree of firmness, although not quotably
changed. The late rise in Sugar to 3 points
over Saturday and the recovery to the 'top' in
Amalgamated Copper sustained the • market,
which - was otherwise Inclined to yield In suc
cessive epots. The closing was irregular.
Bonfls were steady. Total sales, par value.
53.470.000. „" .
United States" bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. ¦
Nezv. York Stock Market.
Provisions. . ;.
; The ; Chicago market was slightly off, and
without 'feature.*;'
San Francisco"" dealers 'have become tired- of
selling goods j at - cost and • even . below to get
trade, and yesterday, as intimated in: Sunday's
Call, advanced Hams and Bacon' %c all around
leaving ' Lard unchanged. The new • quotations
for ¦¦¦ Hams bring the market . about up to the
parity; of Chicago. >'¦
- CURED ¦ MEATS— Bacon. 12c per Mb for
heavy, 12%cfor light medhim, 13%c: for light
'14%c for. extra light" and 10c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. . 12%@13c; > Califor
nia Hams.'ll%@12%c; Mess Beef, $0 50@10 per
barrel ;; extra 1 Mess, . $10 50@ll ; Family, $11 50©
12;: prime Mess Pork..$15; extra clear, $22 SO®
23; : Mess, $1S 50@19; \ Smoked ', Beef. 13%gl4c
per lb. . . ¦¦¦¦•' ¦ '.".f' ; - •..•¦ .' - . .
, LAKD — Tierces quoted at 8c per lb for com
pound ' and 10% @llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins,. ll%c; 5-lb tins, 11%?
S-lb' tins. -12c ¦ • ¦-. ' .. --, v • ¦'¦
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel,' 10%c; thres
half-barrels, 10c; one, tierce. 9%c;] two tlercei
V%c; five tierces. ;9%c. per lb.*-^
- -Hides, Tallow, ) Wool, and] Hops. ¦
. Hops, for shipment are held higher. »
'. HIDES > AND ; SKINS-^Culls ' and ¦ brands sell
about' l%c : ; under ; quotations. • Heavy ; ' salted
Steers,-- He; : medium, v 10c; flight, 8c; Cow
Hides, .: 9c r for >.. heavy ..• and . 8%c \ for light;
Stags, '-, 7c: ; Sal ted I Kip.': 0c ; ¦ . Salted ; Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, i 10c ; « Dry Hides, ltf %c; Culls, 14c;
Dry.'Kip, ».14c; I. Dry ' Calf, k " 18c; ? Culls^and'
Brands, :.;15c; ' 1 Sheepskins. ¦" shearlings,' , 15@30c
, each ;i short '. Wo'ol," 40@60c , each ; : medium, 65®
75c ; i long Wool, : 80c@$l ', 10 each : ' Horse | Hides
Bait."- $2 .75@3 ' for ; large and ; $2 50 for medium'
$1 75S2 for email and 50c for Colts; Horse Hidea"
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The maifcet continues very firm, and some
fruits are slightly higher, as will be seen; The
demand Is for; assorted lots as a rule, and it is
as well, for carload lots - are getting hard to
find. •¦ : ¦ . : .' T ¦.¦¦- "¦ \ ¦- '¦',
. Mall advices from New York say: r
.'/In prunes there is more inquiry noted for
spot, with a good movement noted In the ag
gregate. Holders' ideas show some firmness
on the 6%c- basis for strictly new Santa Clara
fruit 40-50 In 25-lb boxes. OJd fruit and lower
grades . offer ; on . a lower basis. . .We bear of
some buying through this market for export.
Coast advices report offerings -of old Santa
Claras on the 3c four size basis. Totar stocks
according to conservative estimates fix the
coast holdings at 400 ' carloads old and new
fruit 'all told, the bulk being in strong hands.
•In peaches some inquiry Is reported- for choice
grades, and a , little buying of fancy grades is
reported. " Prices . are fairly . steady. " Apricots
show a better Interest. Pears are scarce and
firmly held." ' , - • " •. ¦ ' ¦
- FRUITS— Apricots, 8@Do for Royals and 8%
@13c for standard to fancy Moor parka ; Evapo
rated Apples; 8@8%c: sundried, 6c; Peaches,
t5@8V4c; Pears".' «@9c: Plums," pitted. C@5%c;
unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3c for black and
OOluoc per box for white. . ¦- ' 18*1 Wm
• PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows :
S0-40's,6@6%c; 40-50' s,.4%@5V4c; 60-60's. 4%'
®4%c; echo's, 3%@4%c; 70@80's, 3%@3%c; 80-
OO's. 2%®3Vlc: 90-100-s. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; : 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6V4c for "seedless;: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. : Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers, $125
©1 35. .:'"¦' - , ' ... . . ;
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@lZc; Walnuts, ¦. No. ' 1
.BOttshell, 9%c;:No. 2.8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell,
i oc No. -2, .7c;; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell 9@10c for softsheir and' 6@7c for hard-
Ehell'; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
ia@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. . Il@l3(r;
Cocoanuts, $3 60@5." - - '
- HONEY — Comb, ¦ ll@12c for bright and 10®
lie for light amber; water -white extracted 5&
6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
, BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
EASTERN MARKETS.
May G2% 62% , 61% 61%
July .....62% 62%'. 61% .61%
September 61%. 01% " 60% 60%
Oats No. 2 —
May 43% 44% 43% 44 -
July 37% ., 37% 3H% .. 36%
September ..... 32 32% 31% • 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May :..15 S7% 15 95" 15 87% 15 87%
July ...........15 95 16 02% 15 95 15 95
. Lard, per 100 lbs^ — •
May ..^ 9 47% 9 50 0 45 9 47%
July 9 60 9 «0 9 65 9 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbn— ¦¦-' ¦ ¦ -.-¦'
May ........... 8 50 8 52% 8 47% 8 50
July .,8 CO 8 62% >8 57% 8 57%
September 8 70 8 70 8 07% 8 67%
Articles — , Open. . High. Low. Close.'
Wheat No. 2 — ¦¦¦-¦¦
May 78% 79 78% 7S%
July 7»H 7»Vi - 78% 7S%
Corn NO. 2 —
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— Money on call was
steady at 2% per cent; prime mercantile paper,
4@4% : percent. ' Sterling exchange, was firm,
with actual business in i bankers' bills at
$4 87%@4 £7% for. demand and at $4 85%ra
4 85%-lor sixty days; posted .rates.' $4.8o'a.@
4 88; commercial ; bills. $4 S4V»«it 85 14 .Bar
sliver. " 65c. 1 ? Mexican dollars; 43%c. 'Bonds-
Governments, steady; ' States, . inactive; rail
roads.': lrresular. ¦" ' " •
Adams Con 20|Llttle Chief 12
Alice .'. 45]Ontario ".....6 75
Breece 65 ! Ophir : ; . . . 90
Brunswick Con .. 09iPboenlx 00
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 1 Potosi ...... .."^10
Con Cal & Va....l 25 Savage t'8
Deadwood Terra .. 60 Sierra Nevada.... 12
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes ..... 30
Iron Silver W Standard ...'. 3 00
Leadville Con 05| ..ow
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — US Steel 44=54
Zal\ loans ....3 @4 , Do prefd ..... 84%
Time loans ,..3>/i®l% Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 20%.
Atchlson 4s 92 Allouez 31?
Gas lsts 84 Amalgamated .... 71 '
Mexican Cent 4s.. 82 Baltic 39
N E Gas & Coke. 60 " Bingham . ; 22U
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.628
Atchison *. 77% Centennial 14
Do prefd 97% Copper Range ... 59
Boston & Albany.2C2 Dominion Coal . . 73
Boston & Maine-192- Franklin ...- 13%
Boston L 161% Isle Royale 21
N YN H &-H.'.211% Mohawk 34M
Fitchburg prefd.. 145% |Old Dominion .. 21%
Union Pac 103 Osceola .. .', 771^
Mexican Cent ... 28% Parrot ,. 31
• ' Miscellaneous — Quincy 140
Amer Sugar 131 U Tamarack' .: 252
¦T>o prefd 119 . Trlmountain 73-
Amer T & T 158 Trinity ). i"l'.
Dominion I & S.. 22Vi United States .... 18 *
Gen Electric 2S9% Utah 24M.
Mass Electric ... 37% Victoria ,5
Do prefd .97 Winona ......... 11 1/,
N E Gas & Coke. 5 Wolverine ....... 50%
United Fruit .... 8S J
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money.. 94 7-16" M Kans &Tex... 25 1 £
Do account . 94% ' Do prefd 54'
Anaconda *6% New .York Cent.. 167%
Atchison 79% Norfolk & West.. 59%
Do prefd:...... 100U Do prefd....... 02%
Bait & Ohio. 108Vi Ontario & West. 34%
Can Pacific... .117% Southern Railway. 34%
Ches & Ohio../. ..47%! Do prefd. .. 93
Chlcag Gt West.. 25 S« Pacific. ..fi.ss»
C M & St P...". ".-.170 lUnion Pacific... ; 105%
Denver & R G... 45% Do prefd 92 V,
Do prefd..::... 95% U-S. Steel... .45%
Erie ""....".... 40% '-Do prefd......'. WAL
Do 1st prefd.. : 71% Wabash ¦ 25
-Do 2d # prefd.... 58 - Do prefd .... 43
Illinois Central... J 44 Spanish 4s 77%
Louis & Nash .... 107 % ,'
Bar. silver, steady,' 25 7-lCd per ounce.
Money, "2%@-'J percent.'.' ¦¦" r -- . -
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent..
The rate of discount in the open' market for
3 months', bills is 2%'per,cent.
New ' York . Money Market. ¦ '.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Total sales ...488,200
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2s res...lO8'ttlL 1 & N Uni 4s. .101%
Do coup ...."..10814 Mex Cent 4s 82%
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st lnc 31%
Do coup lOSft Minn & St L 4s..lO4»i
.Do new 4s reg.139% M K & T 4s 90%
Do coup 139% Do 2ds 82%
Do old 4s reg... 112 N Y Cent lsU..:103?C
S° S° up iH Do gen 3%s ..108
Do Ba res 106 N J Cent gen 5s.l37>-i
Do coup 106 Nor Pac 4 105^
Atch gen 4s .....104% Do 3s 1 74S
_Do adjt 4s .... 93% Nor & W con 4s.l03%
Balto & Ohio 4s.. 103% Read Gen 4s 09
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 5s.ll7
Do conv 4s 108 S L & S F 4s 9SW
Canada So 2d«..110% St L S W lsts... 982
Cent of Ga 6s 111 Do 2ds ¦. 7uW
Do 1st inc 79 S A & A P ..'.;: 9l€
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO9% So Pac 4s .. 95
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Eo Ry 5s 120%
*l B & Q new 4s. 96V* Tex & Pac lsts.. .120%
C M & S P g 4S.114 T St L & W 4s.. 80
C & N con 7;.... 138% Union Pac 4s 100%
C R. I & P 4s... 110% Do conv 4s 107
C C C & S L g 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts 119
Chi Term 43 86»i Do 2ds .......lllTi
Colo & So 4s 94% Do Deb B .-72%
D & R G 4s 102% West Shore 4s ..mii
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 Wheel & L E ¦»«. a*{i|
Do gen 4s 88% Wis Cent 4s 8-9
Ft XV & D C lsts.112 Con Tob 4s .. 05%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9% > . - "*
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 '
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..SO — LP&A....165 169
California ..420 — Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 116% — S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl..325 350 »
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1050 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt : . — - — ¦ Security Sav.305 S5O
Mutual Sav.. 72% 80 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..512% — ;,.;
STREET RAILROADS.
California '..'. — 172% I Market . .....— 90
Geary ......— .60 iPresldlo .... 55 45
POWDER.
Giant 78% 79 Jvigorlt — 4%
SUGAR. .-
Hana 4% — '.Kilauea •••• 0% 10
Hawaiian .. Z~% — Makawel! .. 20 27U
Honokaa ... 11% 12% Onomea .... 'Xi 24
Hutchlnson . 13% 14 & Paauhau ... 12 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.164%164% Pac A F A.. — 3%
Cal Krult As. — 08 Pac C Borax.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100 — Par Paint ..16 —
Oceanic S Co 36 40
'. * Morning Session.
Board —
50 -Alaska Packers' Association... 1&4 62%
- 100 Hana Plantation Co. a SO 4 00
175 Hana Plantation Co.... 4 00
.20 Paauhau S P Co...... 12,00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 25
25 S.F Gas & Electric Co 46 37%
: 25 S F Gas & Electric Co... v 46 CO
. ¦ 05 Spring Valley Water, s 10...... 87 75
• 30 Spring Valley Water ....... 87 75
$7,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 109 00 .
52,000 Market Street Railroad ccn 5s.. 122 00
$1,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds, cash. 101 50
Street — i •
$4,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 75
' ' . Afternoon Session.
Board —
¦ 5 California Fruit Canners 97 75
60 California Safe Deposit.. lie 00
10O California Wine Association... 100 00
C5 Contra Costa Water 7.1 50
20 Giant. Powder Con............. 73 75
100 liana Plantation Co.:..-....... 4 25
60 Hana Plantation Co 4 50
* «0 Spring Valley Water gg 00
50 Spring Valley Water, s 10...... 83 00
$1,000 S F & S J-V Bonds, cash 123*00 ;
$4,000 S F & S J V Bonds 123 00
$11,(100 S P of C 6s (1012).. Ha
$1,000 S P of C 6s (1912). cash....... 122 00
' ¦ Street — JWfMMHMMir
• 75 Alaska Packers' Association. . . .164 62U
, $4,000 S P of Arizona (1910).. 113 75™
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.-
Morning Session.
2000 Petroleum Center ~.
4S5 Reed Crude .......%".. r..T... 37
50 San Francisco & McKIttrick 1 00
500 Sterling, b 00 -t ,.
Street—
Hanford 92 00
Afternoon Session. .
Board—
100 • Junction '.'...'......:........ - . ' 9ft
100 Monte Crlsto ..'.:.. ¦. j «
3200 Petroleum Center fw,
1 200 Twenty-eight ¦ .". : t. ........ ...
MINING. STOCKS.
The ' following , were the ' sales in the San
Francisco Stock and ¦ Exchange . Board Tester-
Cent L&P. 2 . 5 Pac Light ..44 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac K G&RC 21 —
Mutual...-. — 4%SFO&E.. — 46%
O G L. &. H.- 62H — San Fran ... 5% O
Pac G Imp.. 38% 40 Stktn G & E. 8 —
GAS. AND ELECTRIC.
Contra Costa 73% 74 jPort Cos'ta.. 63% 66
Marin Co ... 59 — ISpring Val... 83 8S&
WATER STOCKS
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala A W Co. 76%103 Dceanic 5s...101}1
Bay CP<7 53.100. — Ombus C tis.131 —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 05 97i,i
C Costa Ca.. — — Pk&C H Cs.106
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s.. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pwl-st R 6s. 110% —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 05^4 —
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJVos. — 123%
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6sl05 110
L Ang R 5s.l20%121% S P of Ar 6s
LA Light'6s — — (1309) ....112% —
Do gtd 6s. "— ' — ' (1910) ....113%114U
t>o gtd 6s. 104 Vt — S P of Cal 6a
LA'&F 5s. 101% — (1905)Sr A.100 —
Do lem 63.101 103 (1905)Sr B.lOOt; —
Mkt-st C 6s.l26 — (1006) 112 —
Do lem 6s. 121% — (1912) 123 —
N R of C 6s. Ill — SP of Cal 1st
do 6s 122% — c gntd 5s.. 120 —
N-PacC Ss.lOl; — Do Btmpd..llO% —
N Cal R 5s. 112% - SP BrCalGs.139 —
Oak Gas 5s.. 114 — S V Wat 6s. 114 114%
Oak Trn 6s..l22 — Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c 6a — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 101% — '
Oak W G 5s. — 103% Stktn Gas 6s.lO2% —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112% 4s qrc (new)138%139}i
4s qr reg....H2 112%|3sqr coup..l08tflOD
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAN JE.
MONDAY, Feb. 17— 2 p. m.
Tbe pressure has risen rapidly along the
coast from San rranclsco northward. In the
pas i twelve hours there has been a rise of
nearly half an Inch over Washington and
Northern Oregon. The etorm of Sunday has
mok-ed rapidly eastward and is now over Colo
ratio and Wyoming, having traveled nearly a
thousand miles in twenty-four hours. High
•winds are reported in Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen 10 degrees at
Fresno and at Carson City 18 degrees. From
Winnemucca to Salt Lake there has been a
fall of over 20 degrees In the past twenty
four hours.
The river at Marysvllle is 15.2 feet and ris
in«; at Red Bluff 17.7 feet and falling; at
bscrameaio 21.5 feet and falling.
Forecast made at San Francisco <or thirty
hours ending midnight February 18:
lorthern California— Fair Tuesday; light
Hoi vbcriy winds.
. southern California — Fair Tuesday, cloudy In
the morning: fresh northerly wind. ¦
:.evada — Fair Tuesday; fresh, westerly wind.
tin-Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday
Cicu2y at night ; fresh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c«SSl 2- r i
for standards, $150@2 for choice and $2@2 75
lor lancy; Seedlings, ¦ 75c@$l 50; Tangerines,
$1 75@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@1 50; Malta
Blood Oranges. $1 25 per half box; Lemons,
R0c@$l for common and $l@l 50 -for good to
choice, and $1 75®2 60. for fancy; Grape Fruit,
$l(g 2; Mexican Limes, $4® 5; Bananas, $2@2 CO
per bunch for New- Orleans and 82@2 50 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. :
APPLES — 51 50@2 25 per box for extra, $1@
1 ' 50 for good to choice and 50@75c for ordinary.
. PEARS — From cold storage, 75c@$2 50 per
box.- > .- /• >. ¦¦¦ ¦¦-.<¦ .: ¦¦ ¦-? ¦-'¦- . • .
Strawberries from Santa . Barbara, 'which
were carried over from ' Saturday, sold at. 20@
25c per basket.
Business was brisk in the Fruit market yes
terday owing to the warm weather, j Retailers
who had been buying scantily during the lat
ter part of last week, were 'more confident and
the : market » had a stronger feeling. ¦ ; Common
and -choice grades of Apples met with a steady
Inquiry at sustained prices. , Fancy offerings
were scarce and In demand at full figures. The
Citrus market was fairly active under a steady
inquiry, principally for choice and standard
varieties. Fancy Navels were firmly held and
some extra .fancy offerings sold above the quo
tations. At the Orange auction 6 cars of Navels
wer« sold at the- following prices: ¦ Fancy Na
vels, $1 75®2 35; Choice do, $1 25@1 05; Stand
ard do,tC5c@$l 45. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
An advance in Spring Valley .Water to $SS
'was the only change yesterday. The oil stocks
continued dull.
' California Powder will pay a dividend of $1
on the 20th inst. . '- ' .' : ,. . '- . , : , \ ¦ •- 0.
I American j Girl Oil Company has levied an
assessment of %c, delinquent March 18. and
"American" Boy Oil Company" one of %c.° de
linquent April 5.
Temperature .«t 7 a. m.. 48 degrees.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17. — There was a little wave
of bull feeling at the opening in wheat to-day.
Cables were firm and world's statistics were
bullish. There was some fair buying by com
mission houses early and the bullish sentiment
carried over from Saturday . with advances In
corn and oats helped prices upward. , May
opened higher to a 6hade lower at 7Svj
@7S%c and speedily advanced to 79c. Almost
every bit of available news was bullish. There
was a French cable claiming probable Injury
to the ..wheat crop from the; hard 'winter;
world's . shipments fell off- nearly ¦: 2,000,000
bushels from weekly requirements and the visi
ble supply fell off 1,100,000 bushels. Dullness
in trading, however, and the fact that out
eiders were not in the .market worked against
prices. When -79c was reached for May, com
mission houses sold and other grains lost -early
gains. The' bears who had been short early
and who had covered, took courage and sold
short again, though not to a great extent.
May slid off to i&AWWiZ and closed weak,
3»<&%c down, at 78%c, *
Corn had a good upturn early, but prices
did not hold when late selling eet in. May
closed weak, %®%c lower, at 61%c. ¦
Oats had a. nervous opening, advancing early
on commission house buying. There seems to
be a tense feeling over the. concentrated May
situation. Shorts were very uneasy and cov
ered. When wheat and ' corn turned bearish
this pit lost much ¦ of its '¦early gain. ¦ May
closed firm. U@hLc higher, at 43%@44c.
Provisions were dull and easier on a heavy
run of hogs ..at the yards. May r pork closed
10c lower; lard 6@7%c lower and ribs 7%c
lower. -
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, 89%c. . . ¦ , ¦¦¦ : .
Second Session — December — S000 ctls, 82c;
2000, 82Vsc; 2000,' 82%c; 4000. 82%c; 2000,
82%c. May— 8000, 91c. .
• Regular Morning Session — February — 1000
ctls, 04c. May— 2000, 01%c. December — 2000,
82%c; 4000, 83c. '
Afternoon Session— May — 4000 ctls, 91^4c De
cember—2000. 83V4c; 2000, 83?ic. "
¦ OATS— Chicago reported a better demand for
Oats, with the May deliveries cornered. . .
I The - San Francisco market continues firmly
held but quiet. . .......... - .
Grays. *1 22^01 30; whites. $1 25@1 42%;
Surprise. $1 40@l 45; black. $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for. seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for . feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed. . .
CORN — Chicago reported more cash demand
for Southwestern account. . "
This market showed no change, offerings
meeting with little or no attention. . .
Large yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round
do, $1"EO: white. $1 r,0@l 40 per ctl. ,
RYE — Quoted at 85@90c per ctl. '.:'. .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
'Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 18.000
ctls. $1 12%; 6000, $1 12%: 10.000. $112fe;
4000. $1 12M,. December— 2000. $1 11%; 8000,
$1 11%; 18,000. $1-11%.
Second Session— May— 10.000 ctls, $1 12%;
2000, $1 12%.- December— 2000. $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls
$112%; 12.000, $1 12Hi. December — 2000.
$1 11%.- ¦:•¦-¦ --¦¦ ¦-'•
Afternoon Session — May — i000 ctls. $1 l"',U;
12,000, $1 12%. December— 2000, $1 11%; 2000.
$1 11%; i 2000. $M1%; 34.000. $112. ; -
' . BARLEY — Futures were several cents higher
with Increased activity, and the cash mar
ket was also firm with a good demand. The
decline in freights is helping this market, as
It is helping wheat, to say nothing of the good
demand for various consumptive markets and
the Insufficient rainfall In several Important
districts. Holders are extremely firm, and will
not sell unless at full figures." -• » '
Feed; 05c for choice bright. 02#@93%e for
No 1 and 90@91%c for off grades; brewing ami
shipping grades, 97%c@$l; Chevalier, 95cg£$l 20
per cental. :
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firmer.
Paris was unchanged.. A French cable report
ed the weather too cold for this time of the
year and said that if it continued considerable
damage would result. Broomhall cabled se
vere frost and some enow In Central Russia,
but continued mild weather in the southwest
provinces. The world's shipments .for the week
were aa follows, in quarters : Russian 111 -
000; Danubian,. 37,000; Argentina, ou.wA); in
olan, 00,000; Australian. Stt.UOU. The American
visible supply decreased 1,064,000 busneis. > / . »
Chicago opened ttrm but quiet. Increased
Northwestern receipts partially offset the.bul
lish foreign advices. Some French^buying lent
color to me adverse crop "reports from- France.
One hundred thousand bushus were worked for
export. There was increased activity with good
•local buying at one time, but weakness at St.
Louis on account of larger receipts and favora
ble ; domestic crop reports . checked the ¦ ad
vance. ; ' . . _: ; -
This market was higher, both on and off call,
and It was reported that the shippers would
pay $1 11% for something choice. Freights con
tinue to weaken, and a snip has been taken for
Europe at 25s. This decline In freights lends
additional strength to the market. • • .
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 S?i@l 10; milling
$1 12»4@1 15 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ . 2 s a o ¦-•»- ._ 5
3 2&5a^3 I
¦ 3 Bg33 1% Z 9 . «
ETATioNs. J :|:'| :8 f a E
r .i ': : : p
*-•*¦¦• • • • '•
Astoria 29.98 60 54 SW Cloudy 1.32
BaUer 29.86 48 36 NW Cloudy .02
Carson 30.02 44 30 W Clear .IS
Fresno 30.08 76 62 NW Clear .08
Fliigstaff 2a. «6 64 26 NE Clear .00
Pccatello. Ida. 29. 72 52 42 SW Cloudy .28
Independence 29.86 5» 38 N Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 2».»8 66 60 W Clear .01
Phoenix 29.70 80 44 W Clear .00
Portland 30.02 M 20 W Cloudy .37
Red Bluff. 30.10 68 62 SE Clear .12
Kcseburg 30.08 &6 48 SW Clear .OS
Sacramento . -30.10> U0 60 SE Pt Cldy .05
Salt Lake 29.72 68 44 SW Cloudy .12
Ban Francisco.30.1S 56 4S W Clear .12
a ti. OblEpo..3u.l2 t>6 60 W Clear .08
San Diego 30.00 62 62 NW Pt Cldy .00
Kesttle 29.92 54 50 SW PtCldy 1.54
Spckane 29.72 50 42 SW Cloudy .24
Ne^h 'Bay 29. 8S 48 .. SW Cloudy ...
•Waaa Walla.. 29. 88 64 68 SW Pt Cldy .11
¦Winnemucca .29.94 4S 34 SW Clear T.
yum* 29.74 84 48 W Clear .00
FOR MONDAY,' FEBRUARY 17.
Flour, qr eks... 29,434. Straw, tons .... 27
Wheat, ctls .... 22,275 Hay. tons 315
Barley, ctls ..... 7.7S9 Leather, rolls .. 51
Oats, ctls 450 Pelts, bdls •"> J9
Corn, ctls 35 Hides. No.. 241
Potatoes, sks ..1,336 Lime, bbls ...*.. 182
Onions, sks . 650 Sugar, ctls 1.250
Bran, sks ...... 1.230 Tallow, ctls ... 350
Middlings, sks.. 615 Chicory, bbls .. 25
Feed, sks 75 Wine, gals 101.400
Hops, bales .... Ill Brandy, gals .. 1.400
Receipts of Produce.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days..... — $4 8314
Sterling Exchange. '¦ sight. ...... — . 4 ba
Sterling Cables ....". " - 4 Stf '
New Ycik Exchance, sight..... — 12%
New York Exchanse. telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce • 65
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 ® *»>iS
Exchange: and Bullion.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 17-— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; bluestem; C5%c'; "club/ 64%c. r
PORTLAND, -. Feb. - 17.— WHEAT— Steady ;
Walla Walla, .65<365%c. - -,
OREGON.
tioriJiirh: Wheat .Market.
;-an Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
St. : minimum. 48; mean, 62.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures .were reported from Eastern stations:
B 20-18 Washington 36-2S
<:;:icinnatt 2tt-lS Omaha 30-. .
Philadelphia 3G-2& Duluth 2S- 8
Jacksonville 42-3K Chicago 26-20
New York 36-28 Salt Lake City... 62-44
Kansas City... ...38-24 St. Louis 32-24
EGGS — Ranch 21c. and In : a small way
22c for selected large and 20c for good to choice;
store, 18@20c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 28%@29c per lb for
fancy, 27%@28c for firsts and 28®27c for sec
onds; dairy, 22@27%c; store Butter, 17@19c per
pound. •
CHEESE — New, ll%c; old. 10@llc; Toung
America. 12@13c; Eastern. . 13@15c per lb.
- Receipts were 38,100 pounds, 17 tubs and
.bbls of "Butter. 1321 cases of Eggs, 650
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
Oregon Cheese and pounds ¦ of Eastern
Cheese.
; ¦ The Exchange held Its first session at the
new nour of .'10:30 a. m. yesterday, but be
yond making, a quotation at 18c for Standard
Eggs 'did not alter, prices. It is not an incor
porated body like the other commercial ex
changes of the city, instead of merely an as
sociation of dealers, as heretofore. - -
"The firmness In Butter and Eggs continues,
and the demand is sharp enough to consume
even 'the current large arrivals without .diffi
culty." _: The exhaustion of supplies of packed
goods " has helped Butter . by ; attracting all the
medium-priced trade to the second and lower
grade goods, g There is also some shipping de
mand, but the main strength of the market is
due to the lQcal " inquiry- '-/Stocks are very slen
der, and some dealers are practically cleaned
up. ¦¦ , . : - : r '
- There is no change in the Egg situation, the
market "being characterized by large receipts,
which are quickly absorbed by a keen demand
for local and shipping account, and there Is no
accumulation "of stock. The old quotations for
Cheese still rule.
Butter, Cheese arid Eggs.
by S 130; $10.
. Josephine G.' and F. N. Woods to San Fran
ctsco Methodist Orphanage, lot on S line of
Nineteenth avenue, 155 W of Church, W 100,
8 114. E 50. S 114. E 50. N 22S; $S0OO.
Lawrence J. Dwyer to Alice Dwyer (wife),
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street. 50 W of
Utah. W. 60 by S 100: gift.
Builders' Contracts.
C. S. Wright (owner) with Richard Keating*
(contractor), architects McDougall Bros.—Ex
cavating, concrete work and cementing for a
three-story brick building, on S line of Sutter
street. 155 E of Stockton "E 23 by S 120: $3360.
Same owner with James A. "Wilson (contrac
tor) architects same — Eight granite blocks,
rough and glazed pressed brick, terra cotta and
cementing of brick work, for same on same;
$6210.
Same owner with Ralston Iron Works (con
tractors), architects same — Cast and wrought
iron and stee! work and sidewalk lights for
same on same; $4£45.
Same owner with P. J." Brennan (contractor),
architects game — Carpenter, mill worlt. roofing:.
plastering, galvanized Iron and tin work sky
lights, elevator, shafts, glazing, stairs, "hard
ware and painting for same on same; $6780
Angus and David McKay (owners) with Cook
& Young (contractors), architect Albert Sutton
— All work except plumbing, gaa fitting-, sewer-
Ing and elevators for a four-story brick build-
Ing, on NW corner of Sacramento and Leides
dorff streets. N 60 by W 40; $1S).4S5.
Charles E. Fredericks (owner) with A H
Wllhelm (contractor), architects Haven «&
Toepke — Excavation. brick, carpenter. mill
work, tinning, hardware, bells, lathing and
plastering for a two-story basement and attic
frame building, on N line of Vallejo street
171:10% W of FUlmore. W U:i\b by N 137 :6 :
•{7804.
The M. B. Moraghan Oyster Company (own
ers) with A. H. Wllhelm (contractor), architects
aame — All work for brick building — one portion
one story hizh and rear portion two stories
high — to be used- for oyster depot and stable
on N line of Brannan street, 121 E of Third.
N SO by E 66; $12,450. .
Fred IT. Brunlng (owner) with William LJn»
den (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son
All 'work except mantels, gas fixtures, shades
and pluiriblng for a three-story frame building -
on W line of Capp street. 135 N of Twenty
fourth. N 35 by W 122:6. M. B. 154; $4900.
25 by N 73; 54101.
Rosetta L. Lee, George L/ and Margaret E.
Center to Henry E. Bothin, lot on S\V corner
of Eighteenth street and Treat avenge, W 39
60, N BO. E 23. N 60; $10.
, Benjamin Healey to Peter Thornton, lot
commencing 137 :(J W of Sansome street anil
&»:« N of Filbert, N 28 by W t»: $10.
A. H. Bramson to Benjamin V. Bramson.
lot on W line of Dupont street. 137 :8 S of
Chestnut. W 137:6 by N 25; gift.
Joshua and Mary J. Rogers to Tlllle A.
Rogers lot on SE corner of Lombard and
Leaveaworth streets, E 86:8. S 100. E 23:4.
S 31:8. W 110. N 137:6; also lot on S line of
Lombard street, 165 W of Jones, W 53. by 3
137:6; also lot on NE corner of Lombard and
Jones streets, E 27:0 by N 100 (quitclaim
deed): $10.
Tillie A. Rogers to Caroline E. G. Jacques,
same three pieces (quitclaim deed); $10.
William H. and Georgina Buckler to Leon
Kautfman. lot on NW line of Mission street,
91:8 NE of Beale. NE 45:10 by NW 137:6; $10.
Nicholas M. Camara to Solomon Getz, lot on
W line of Orizaba street. 200 N of 'Sargent,
N 73 by W 100. . lota 42 to 44. block 53. City
Land Association; $10.
I Jacob and Lina Meyman to Ira E. McGahan
or Hemelrlght. lot on W Una of Bradford
• Idaho) street. 25 S of Powhattan, 3 S3- by W
100; $10. - v . •
Ira E. McGahan or Hemelrlght to Frank A.
and Christina Carlson, same; $10.
- George and Kate Ryan to Joseph A. Duarte.
lot 135u, gift map 3; $10.
John H. and George N. Engel and May
Druschel to Felix Gonzalez, lota 5&! and 5J5.
gift map 2; $75.
Adele W. Heller. Rosa TV. Meertief and
Clarence R. and Herbert D. Walter to Hannah
Walter, lot on NE corner of Sacramento street
and Van Nes3 avenue. N 127:8*i by E 125;
gift.
•Virginia H. Thlbault (and *s trustees Mary
L. 131am. deceased) and Clayton and Elam Mil
ler (minors) to Oscar H. Ferguson, lot on 3
line of Broadway. 50 \V ot Laguna street. W
30 by S 100; $4612.
Cooper Medical College (a corporation) to
Levi C. and Paulina C. Lane, lot on NE corner
of Sacramento and Webster streets N 253:41a
by E 275; $3.
Levi C. and Pauline C. Lane to Cooper Medi
cal College (a corporation), same; $3.
John J. and Mary A. Mahony to August and
Marie E. Schaefer. lot on N line of Fulton
street. 37:6 E of Scott, E 23 by N 100; $10.
James Campbell. Charles L. Tilden. J. J.
Bauer and C. F. Jenne (by Oscar A. Tol>.
commissioner) to Edward Arendt, lot on 51 Um
of Clinton Park. 217 W of Guerrero street. W
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to IX. J.
Fetly. lot on E line of Mission street, 230 N
of Seventeenth. N 25 by E 1C5; also lot on N
line of Twenty-sixth street. 115 E of ShotwelL
W 25 by N 105; $SOGO.
" Frances M. Thomson (widow)- to same, same
(two pieces), quitclaim deed; $1225.
M. J. and Elizabeth Feely to ilargareth*
Matthiesen (widow), lot on JS line of Misaiun
street. 250 N of Seventeenth, N 2a by E lOo;
$10. *
Erlna A. Curran (wife of Thomas E.). lot on
NE corner of Twenty-filth and Capp streets.
N 63 by E 23: $10.
Isidore Simon to Frances Simon, lot on S
line of Twenty-sevenin street, 200 K o£ Church.
E 24 by S 114; gift.
Charles F.. Daisy C. Alice M. O. and Lewis
H. Sage to Carrie E. Bridge, lot on S line of
Union street. 25 E of Battery. E 25 by S 6";
also lot on NE corner of Twenty-sixth avenue
and B street. N 125 by E 75; $10.
H. S. and Carrie E. Bridge to 'William ,T.
Sesnon. lot en S line of Union street, S3 E
of Battery. E 25 by S «J0; $10.
Sarah E. Sage to same, lot on S line of
Union street. 50 E of Battery. E 25. S 120. W
n-T.AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SPOKANE, g Wash., '.. Feb. S 17.-^nearings :
$269,940;. balances, $46,760. ¦-•"". ¦¦ ' ;
PORTLAND.- Or., Feb. 17.— Clearings, $691,
176; balances, $121,097. '
TACOMA. .Wash.. Feb. 17.— Clearings, $178,
911: balances, $29,463. ..
SEATTLE, Wash.. Feb. 17.— Clearings. $491,
605; balan6es,~ : -. $99,376. • :"
Northern" Business.
Last This Last
.Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 34.44
Bed Bluff . . 0.12 17.6S 18.tfi»
Stcramento 0.05 9.23 14.16
&..i Francisco 0.12 10.51 14.77
Fit£no 0.08 2.86 9.38
Ir. lependence 0.00 1.39' 5.47
6<n Luis Oblspo.... 0.08 7.S2 26.33
L- s Aiigeles O.O1 4.22 13.5&
Saa Diego 0.00 2.46 8.58
- Evaporated Apples firm. Prices are un
changed. State, common to good, 7@8%c;
prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10Vi@
lie.
In California dried fruits considerable
strength was shown. Prunes were (steady. but
quiet. Apricots strong. , ¦ . . -
PRUNES— 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%@
12%c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 8®
0%c .
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— FLOUR— Recelifts,
16,700 barrels; exports, .22,540 barrels; spot,
very dull.
WHEAT — Receipts, . 14,250 bushels; exports,
153,222 bushels. Spot was easier. No. 2 red,
8S*ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red," 90*4c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86c f. o.' b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, 88%c f. o.-b. afloat. It.was
a slow day in the wheat market. Stronger at
first, because of small world's "shipments, bet
ter cables, foreign " buying and covering," the
market finally weakening because of a break in
the Southwest and absence of demand; closed
%c net lower. March closed at 84*4c; May, 84
684 11-16C. closed 84c; July, 83%@S4%c, closed
«3T fc c. . " . • . . ... ',
HOPS— Quiet. '
WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot, steady; No. 7 Rio. ' invoice,
5%c; mild, dull; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures closed
quiet, net unchanged to 5 points lower. Total
sales. 10,000 bags, including: July, 5.70®5.75c;
September, 6.90c; November, 6c; December,
0.15c: January. 6.15c. • • .
! SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3*gc; cen
trifugal, 9G test, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined was firm. No. 6, 4.25c; No. 7, 4.15c;
No. 8, 4.05c; No. 0, 4c; No. 10, 3.95c: No. 11,
3.90c: No. 12, 3.85c; No. 13, 3.80c; No.. 14, 3.80c;
standard A, 4.60c; confectioners' A, 4.60c; mold
A, 4.15c; cut loaf, 5.40c; crushed, 6.30c; pow
dered, 4.90c; granulated, 4.80c; cubes, 5.05c.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared tvith those of same date
Ja:-t season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hoars : ,
C120th Meridian^ — Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO Feb. If — 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Lake E & W pfd .... 132
Louisville & Nash.. .1,000 105H 105 105*4
Manhattan L. 12,000 135% 134 134^4
Metropolitan St Ry 1,700 172^ 171 M 171 M
Mexican Central .. 200 28% 28% 28%
Mexican National.. 600 16% 16% 16%
Minn & St' Louis.. 400 lli)% 110^ 110%
Missouri Pacific... 10,500 1(3% 104 104%
Mo Kan & Tex 4.800 25% - 25»4 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 7,300 55% 54*4 65%
N J Central....... ;;'..-. ..„ .... 193
N Y Central 2,700 164% 164% 164%
Norfolk & West... 200 57% 57% 57%
Norfolk & W pfd 90%
Ontario & West... 2.000 34*, 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 93.000 151% 151 151%
Reading 200 58%, 67?4 68*4
Reading 1st pfd 42,000 83% 83%. 83%
Reading 2d pfd 30,000 69 67% 6S%
St L & S F 11.000 62% 61% 61%
St L & S F 1st pfd .... fit
St L & S F 2d pfd; 73%
St Li Southwest 28
St L Southwest pfd 800 59% 59*4 59%
St Paul 6,700 166% 165% 166%
St Paul pfd.... - 190
Southern Pacific .. 19.700 67% 66% 66%
Southern Ry 4,200 34 33% 33*b
Southern Ry pfd... 4,400 .97*4 96 .96%
Texas & Pacific 3.100 42% 41% 42
Tol St L & -.West. . 400 22 21% 2V/j
Tol StL&^'pfd.. 1.800 42% 41% 42
Union Pacific 6,600 103*4 102% 103%
Union Pacific pfd. 700 89% 89% 89%
Wabash ... 4.700 24»i 24 24%
Wabash pfd 14,200 44% : 43% 44%
W & Lake Erie... 300 19*4 18% 19
W & L, B 2d pfd.. 100 30% 30% 30%
Wlnconsin Central. 4,600 21% 20% 21%
Wlscon Cen pfd... 1,900 41% 40% 41%
Express Companies —
Adams .... .... .... 195
American 230
United States ..... 100 117 117 116
Wells "Fargo 190
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 31.400 71% • 70*4 71%
AmCar&F 600 29 28% 28%
Am Car & F pfd. 100 88 88 88
Am Linseed Oil .. 19%
Am Llneeed O pfd 48
Am Smelt & Ret.. 1,100 47*4 46% 47*4
Am Smelt & R pfd. . 400 99 'J8 9S%
Anaconda Mtn Co 33*4
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 9,800 63% 62% 63
Colo Fuel & Iron. 300 £6% 86 86
Consolidated Gas.. 6,000 223 -220% 222*4
Con Tobacco pfd.. 100 117 117 117
General Electric .. 1,000 292 '2S3 290%
Glucose Sugar .... 400 43% 43*4 43%
Hocking Coal 17*4
Intern Paper 400 20 19*5 19%
Intern Paper pfd 75
Intern Power 86
Laclede Gas ....... «K>«I
National Biscuit . . 300 48 . 47 47% I
National Lead .... 100 18 18 17%'
National Salt...., ,25
National Salt, pfd 63
North American . . 600 93*4 93 93
Pacific Coast . .... 73-
Pacific Mall 2.600 47% 46% 46^1
People's Ga« ..i.. 2.500 1OO% 100' -lOOVi
Pressed Steel Car. .... .... .... } 39 «
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 83% - 82% 85%
Pullman Pal Car.. .... .... 220
Republic Steel ... 1,400 16% 16*i 16
Republic Steel pfd. 200 C3U 69*4 C9
Sugar 59,600 "131% 128% 131%
Tenn Coal & Iron. C.700 '67% 66^4 67
t'nlon Bag: & P Co. 6.300 ; ]7Vi loli 16i4
Union B & P C pfd 500' 82 SO 81
U S Leather n«
U S Leather pfd.. 200 81*4 81*4 81^
U S Rubber , ...; 14%
US Rubber pfd.. 100 61% 61% 61%
U S Steel 22.900 44% 44% 44%
U S Steel pfd 10,400 »4% fl3% B4%
"Western Union ...' ' 500 91 91 01
Am Loco S00 31% 31% 31%
Am Loco pfd j 400 92% 02% 92%
MONDAY, Feb. 17 — 4 p. m.
Btd.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 10 12
Alia 04 06 Kentuck .... 01 US
Andes 05 00 Lady Wash.. 01 --
Belcher 04 0« Mexican 3o 38
Best & Belch. 25 2t» Occidental ... 09 1*
Bullion 02 <W Ophir 95 JO
Caledonia ... 28 2!> Overman 07 i*
Challenge Con 16 17 Potosi 11 l-
Chollar 10 11 Savage 0i 08
Confidence ... 5S CO Scorpion . — Wk
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 3O'Se S Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. 01 02] Sierra N?y* I- 5 *J
Con New Yk. — 04 Silver Hill... 67 70
Crown .Point. 06 OSlSt Louis .,...- 10
Eureka Con.. IS —Standard 3 15 —
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... — 07
Gouid & Cur. 13 15 Union Con... 21 --
Hale & Norc. 31 iZ Utah •••••••; °,- W
j u ii a — w! Yellow Jacket IT IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
GAME— Hare. - 75c@$l; Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails and i $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$2@3; -.White Geese; ,75c@$l 20; Brant, $125^2
per dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe,' $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 60@2; Robins. $1 50 per dozen.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 10c; Live
Turkeys. 13@14c , for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese,' per pair, $1 50® 1 75; Goslings,
$2©2 25: Ducks, $5<S5 50 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4 50@5 50; young Roosters, $5@
6; -old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $4 50@5 50;
Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and $3@4 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50®
2 75 for Sauabs. .' •• — •
Three cars of Eastern Poultry, were. placed
on . the market yesterday, and moved off fairly
well. * Receipts of . California Poultry were in-
Bigniflcant, and as very little young stock came
in f fom ¦ the East, a strong market ' is expected
for this kind of stock. Only one case of Dressed
Turkeys was received.
1 " Fifty-seven sacks of Game came in -and sold
slowly at 'lower prices for most kinds. •
Poultry and {Game.
Imports of.'rwheat. Into Liverpool last week
were 43,800 quarters from Atlantic ports, none
from Pacific ports and 37,000 from other ports.
COTTON — Uplands, 4 ll-16d,
LIVERPOOL,- Feb.-17.— Wheat, firm;: No.'. 1
Standard. California, 6s 4H6d@6s 4d; wheat; in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, ¦: quiet; weather In England,
frosty. '•-. , ¦¦ ; , ¦
LONDON. Feb. - 17.— Consols. 94%; silver,
25 7-16d; French rentes. lOlf 30c. Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No.
1 Standard California. 30s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 20s 6d; English country markets," firm;
import into United Kingdom, wheat, 228,000;
import into United Kingdom", flour,'* 214,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom, 3.730.0QO; .Wheat and. flour on passage to
Continent.^ 1,300,000; i Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom, J 25,000; : Indian shipments
wheat to Continent. 36,000. - - ¦ ¦ *
Foreign Markets.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. in bulk.
13%e; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c: Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, In balk. 15c; In
cases. 21%c; Eenzine. in bulk. 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTIXi: — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlns Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.0oc;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated. -4.90c; Dry
Granulated. 4.80c; Confectioners' A. 4.S0c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A. 4.40c: Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c: D. 4.10c: barrels, 10c
more; half -barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Domtnoa.
half-barrels. 6.30c; boxes. 6.55c per lb.
- Calcutta Gran Bags, 7c; local make, %c less
than Calcuttas; San Quentfn. $5 65; Wool Bags,
S2@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington; $0; Seattle. $0 60; Bryant, $6 5o;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3 60; Co-operative
Wallsend, $8 60; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite. $14: Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs
and $3 50 per ton. ' according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
76c; raw, 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled' and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: cases. 90c;
China Nut.' 57%@68c per gallon; pare Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, In barrels. 37 &c; cases, 42%c:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
GRAIN BAGS— The State Board of Prison
Directors has fixed the price for Jute bags for
the ensuing year at $5 55 per 100. The stock of
bags on hand, sold and unsold, , amounts to
1,692.000 sacks, of which 387.600 are sold on
undelivered orders of laat year and await ship
ment. Orders for about 500,000 of the sacks for
this year are already in, although under the
rule recently passed by the Prison Directors
they could not be booked before the, price of
bags was fixed. -
General Merchandise.
New, • York' Cotton- Market.
NEW YORK, Feb.' 17.— Cotton . closed barely
steady, with prices 1 point higher to 4 points
lower. , • . .
NEW YORK, Feb. . 17.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday,'. February 15, ! as compiled . by
the New .York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 55.502,000 bushels; decrease, 1,064,000.
Corn, ;¦¦; 11,132,000 .bushels; decrease,' 448,000.
Oats. 4,429.000 bushels; decrease. -126, 000.\ Rye,'
2, 283, 000 . bu shels ; decrease. 72, 000. - Barley,
2,145,000 bushels; increase,- 250,000. - ' > ',
Available Grain Supply.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley very firm and rising. .
Oats.' Corn and Rye well held, but quiet.
Way somewhat lower. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans apparently doing a little better.
Butter and Eggs still in sliort supply and stiff. Cheese steady.
Dried Fruits continue very Unit.
Hams and Bacon marked up I-2C all around. Lard unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.^".v .
Price of San Quentin Grain Bags fixed at $5 55 for the year.
Flour firm for local and shipping account.
Potatoes firm, with decreasing receipts. Onions quiet.
Three cars of Eastern' Poultry sold, '
Six cars of Oranges sold at the auction.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. ,
There Is nothing new to report in this mar
ket. , "
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: .-
BEEF— 6%@7%e for. Steers and 6®«c per lb
for Cows. V«; ...
VEAL— Large. 8@Oc; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%®8o
LAMB— Yearlings. 9@0%e per lb; Spring
Lamb, ll@12%c per lb. * '* *n
PORK— Liv«f Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 60
6Kc; 200 lbs and over. 5%@5%c; feeders. 5^c.
sows. 20 per cent' off : boars. 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per .cent off from the above yuo-s
tatlons; dressed Hogs. 7^®0c
San Francisco Meat Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
600 Belcher ...... C3| 100 Ophir : M
900 Best & Belch. 25 200 Potosi 11
lOO' Chollar 11 i-C0 Savage . 07
100 Con C & V.I 32 Vi 300 Sierra Nev-.. 13
500 Gould & Cur. 13 20O Silver Hill... 10
200 Mexican 34
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
300 Alta 05 400 Mexican 42
600 Best & Belch. 27 200 Mexican o»
700 Best & Belch. 20 200 Mexican ..... 38
200 Chollar 12 200 Ophir 1 02 V,
900 Chollar 11 300 Ophir .". 1 <*>
400 Con Cal & V.I 35 200 Ophir »
500 Con C & V.I 32V4 500 Potoal U
300 Gould & Cur. 13 500 Sierra Nev... 18
400 Hale & Norc. 32 700 Union Con... 23
800 Caledonia .... 29 200 Overman .... W
300 Con Cal & V.I 30 700 Potosi ....... 11
200 Gould & Cur. 13 300 Savage ...... ©8
400 Mexican 33 100 Stl-rer Hill... W»
SCO Ophir .. W 100 Yellow Jacket 13
100 Ophir ....... 03
The following were the- sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 0«| 200 Mexican 44
400 Best & Belch. 28 200 Mexican 42
100 Challenge .... 16 400 Mexican 41
COO Con Cal & V.I 40 1300 Ophir ... 1 Ho
100 Confidence ... 6O 10O Savage ...... 00
100 Gould & Cur. IS 100 Sierra Nev... 1*
200- Hale & Norc. 33 100 Union Con... 23
100 Justice 12 200 Union Con... -i
•:: VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, V 12%c ¦ per v -lb;
Green" Peas t from Los Angeles. 6@7c;- String
Bcans,'> from 'Los Angeles, 10<gil5c, .-. including
Wax; Cabbage. 1 40@50o per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, • $1 50@2 per box and $2@2 50 per
crate: Mexican Tomatoes, $2@2 50 per box for
repacked; Dried Peppers, 12%@15c per lb; Los
Angeles do, 16@17%c; Dried Okra, 12V5@15c per
lb; Carrots. 35@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, $1@1 25 per dozen for large and BO® 75c
for small; Garlic, lM@2Ytc; Los Angeles Green
Peppers 20@25c; Mexican -do. 20c; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. ; Summer Squash from
Los Angeles, $2@2 25; ' Marrowfat Squash $8Q>
10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $S@10; Mush
rooms, 40c® $1 60 per box.- *;"'.--¦..•••
, ONIONS— Oregons,; $2@2 50, first hands r
Australian,'. $3; Nevada,. $2 t$5; Green Onions.
C0QG5c per box. "¦ - -.'•:'
POTATOES— $1 10^1 35 for Burbanks from
the river; . Salinas Valley Burbanks, $1 50®
1 85; ; Oregon r Burbanks, • $1 40@l 75; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, A $l 40@l 55; River Reds, $1 50®
1 60; Early Rose, ¦ for seed. $1 5001 75; small
Burbanks, for seed,' $1 25@1 45; Sweets, $ I 50
f or. Merced. .-- '¦;.:" ••-. ... .::.-¦
Los Angeles Vegetables continued to sell at
high prices. » although Tomatoes were weaker
owing to the large supplies of Mexican. • Rhu
barb was in light receipt and sold at an ad
vance.,: Mushrooms were • plentiful and sold
slowly at rather unsteady prices. '.
-¦ Two.boies of Asparagus from San Andreas
Island sold at 60c per lb.
; The Onion, market Is' quiet- and . previous
prices rule. ':.'¦¦ . ' • '
¦Receipts of Potatoes from the River and Sa
linas Valley are steadily decreasing. ; The bulk
of the receipts at present are from Oregon, and
as Potatoes from that State come to hand in
good condition this market is firm. . Sales arc
reported- as « high as $1 85 plr ctl for one or
two , fancy . lots. 'Two cars of; Sweet Potatoes
came in. " . / . "-"'¦'..
Potatoes, Onion's and Vegetables.
Iron was steady but quiet. Local prices
were unchanged. closed .at 53s ,4d
and Middlesboro at 47s 9d. Plgiron warrants
closed at $1150(312 50; No. 1 ' foundry. North
ern. $17- 50@18 50;- No 2 foundry. - Northern,
$l"01S; ¦ No. - 1 foundry. Southern, $16 5O<2?
1 7 50 ; " No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, '. $16 50@
17.'.-- ¦ ¦ .'...- ¦.-.- ¦•
Copper was> unchanged here, with, lake : at
$1237V£@12 62V,, electrolytic at $12 25@12 50
and:casting at' $12 12%@12 37 V>- At London
copper was £1 6s 2d higher closing- with spot
at £55 17s Cd and futures at £55 5s. - i -- r "--"•^
, Lead was unchanged here but firm at $4 12%,
but London was Is 3d higher at £11 13s 9d. «
Spelter.was steady here. at $4 10®4 15, while
London-was 2s 6d hisher at £17 17s 6d. ' ,
ket ; for tin ' was ; £3 Bs higher, with . spot , at
£117 and futures at £111 ,15s." • • ' • :
dry, $1 75 for" large, : $1 2501 00 for; medium.
|1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or, red skins. 35c: -fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or. thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c. ', , ;_".,'¦ •
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6%@6o-per Id:
No.2. 4% @5c; grease. 2%@3c •• ¦ ¦ . »
• WOOL. — Fall, • San Joaquin, 6® 8c: San Joa
quln Lambs'. 7%@8%c; Middle County. 8®10c
per lb; Valley Oregon. spring. 15@15%c: do
fall, 14@15c rer lb. .,,-,,«
HOPS — 10@llc for fair and ll%@12o per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote lo@
17%c for shipment. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ : TUESDAY; i FEBRUARY 18^ isois.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
The stock market had a firm opening to-day,
but later weakened with Kaffirs. -Two big
speculators are being squeezed. The Conti
nent also sold, attaching undue Importance to
the small Boer successes and the fresh : Boer
mission. to the United States. The Rhodesians
were exceptionally strong, the copper discover
ies being boomed. Next ' week Rhodes will
Issue the prospectus of his South African
copper trust, which will be a £2,500,000 cor
poration and will be backed by the Roths
childs. Wernher, Beit and Lewisohn & Morton.
Consols were dull. ' Americans were slack,
hardening • slightly on New. York's late -pur
chases, Baltimore and Ohio and United States
Steel being particularly in demand. Rio : Tin
tos advanced to 46% and copper 1% to '66.
Stocks show a decrease of 202 tons and sup
plies 127 tons. ... . ,-¦•
¦ 'NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: • ¦.
London Market.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of -the $150,000,000 Fold re
iserve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available- cash .balance," $174,656,342; gold,
$80,235,212.
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
STOCK MARKET.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Successful
bpeculation.
GSEAT OPPORTUNITY
TO MAKE MONEY FROM
A SMALL INVESTMENT
The Wall Street Speci-
I ati ng Company
OFFERS 'OPPORTUNITIES TO EARN
LARGE AND CONTINUOUS PROMTS
In the stock market" by their new and success-
ful plan. Accounts of $25 and upward
accepted.
HIGHEST REFERENCES FURBISHED
Write for full particulars.
H. R. WEILBACHER & C0. t
AUCTION SALES
£s> £z>
Just received, a carload of well broke bus!-
ness, express and driving horses, consigned by
Los Medanos ranch. Contra Costa Co. FRED It.
CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market St.. cor. Van Ness.C ; Governor;^ Gage } has appointed v . A. B.
,Tf uman,- the .well-known ' resident of • this
city^a member; of the board- of managers
of the State Hospital ! at Ukiah. ; The . ap
pointment, of Mr. :•;- Truman "-comes as a
pleasant surprise to his friends. .
• j,- A. .; 3B. •;• Truman ', Is -Appointed.
Attorneys "D. M. Hanson , and " Barclay
Henley filed a suit yesterday against Mrs.
Johanna Cudworth for $2500, which they
allege is due them for legal services ren
dered the defendant In the contest of her
late husband's will.
Lawyers Sue for Fee.
AUBURN,. Feb. U7.-H.jC. Hill, arrested
in Colusa County last week, to-day plead
ed guilty of having robbed the Colfax and
Forest Hill : stage on' August 3 last. Judge
Prewett , sentenced him '¦ to State's prison
for . thirty-six years. Hill is . now 52 years
old, and the' sen tencei is practically for
life;* The wounds he received at the hands
Of the Colusa County officers are; not se
rious,": and : he will .be transferred ,to Fol-
Outlaw, Hill Sentenced.
OAKLAND.' Feb.' , 17.— Frank* I"olger Os
born one of.theflrm of «Osb6ki!i';& "Alex
ander of San. Francisco, died* Saturday, at
his home, 930 • Poplar/ street. He - was '% 62
years old and leaves f a" : wife •. and >¦ three
children. -The funeral will be held to-mor
row from the late residence.;:;; : f raSBBEMal
i" M.'R> Wallace of. 4590 .Telegraph avenue
has received -word of the sudden I aeath in
London ¦ of : his : father, Thomas ? Wallace,"
formerly a prominent dry goods merchant
of San Francisco. '. He ; came ¦ here : in : 1858
fc.nd enga«red \ in : business. .He ¦ was i one • of
the projectors of the early ferry system.' •
-,ii CHICAGO, ¦ Feb. 17."— In the . 100 *. yards
swimming ! race ¦ at the Sportsman's snow
to-night l for - the amateur champion&hip
of America; 'E.. Carroll Schaefer defeated
J." Scott Leary of San Francisco.- Knowlea
of the Milwaukee Athletic Club was third.
I^eary led ; for eighty, yards and was then
passed by Schaefer, who won by two
feet.i Time, 1:06 1-5.
Leary Loses Championship.
Thomas J. Bird,' alias William " Ber
cherts, the striking boiler-makers', helper,
who surrendered himself ; Sunday, morn
ing to Detective . Dillon as ¦ the man < who
shot the boy Fred Reger at Seventeenth
and Douglass streets • Saturday morning,
was identified by J. F. Burlingame,', the
man actually fired at, yesterday . at the
City Prison. He was at once booked on
the charge of assault to murder. The
police have not yet been able to find the
other two men. ¦¦
Bird Identified as Shooter.
The case of Charles Donnelly, ; the third
of the four- merino : be\trled • for .the mur- :
'der of Ge6rg6,w.-Rice; the. non-union ma-
: chlnist, at Twehtlethand Howdrd streets;:
October' II,. was. called. In. 1 " Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday > morning. ' Attorney > Hut
ton appeared I for, the defendant Tand As
sistant District Attorney -Alford and'' At-, !
torney ; Peter F.,' Dunne . for^'.the . prosecu
tion. ' Six- jurors" had : been ; : secured when
1 court ; adjourned for the day.- They- were:
[Abraham r Blumenthal, "Albert Meyer,
Joshua ' B. ' Fitch, -^ James :¦ H. >D Oo uttle,
"John Nuenberg and . Abraham I..- Peyser.
Donnelly Murder
PHlUADELiPHIA, Feb. 17.— Joe Gahs of
Baltimore had, the.- better of a six-round
bout; with George ; McFadden , of - New
.York . '• to-night 'a at -' the Penn - Ath
letic Club.: Both men /fought hard from
beginning to end. It was an even contest
in the first round.lbut after that the Bal
timore man had matters -, practically ' his
own j way; ' He * had McFadden going in
the ; second round, V but ".the New , Yorker
recovered himself in the, third round.' .
Joe ; Gans Outclasses ITcFadden.
CHICAGO, ; Feb. ? 17.— An exact repetition
of the accident that" lost Jack, MofTatt
two : fights With George Gardner ¦ brought
defeat , again . to ; Moff att to-night ; at ¦", the
America - Club > in a contest" with'. ? Billy
Stift.*' 1 'Wearing an! elastic bandage on the
left: shoulder, 1 ": that' had /been' dislocated oh
two - similar .. .' occasions, Moff att ¦ j to-night
landed: some, telling- blows! "with ¦ his left
.without experiencingi any c 111 effects 'and
apparently, had the fight .well' In- hand; -He
1 had taken^things. easy lnA the first round
. ahd contented himself . ; with , countering
and ¦ dancing "out , of ;; the r way of 'Stiffs
wild swings.! > In \ the 'second . Moff att '..'• be
gan i to ! use his left • a' little and managed
to reach > Stift without , difficulty, Bcorlng
a big lead on "the; round. .Thinking that
his shoulder. had fully recovered from tho
two former mishaps, < Moff att started ¦ the
third ?¦ round - in earnest. :; He ' chased his
opponent : all '', over ,the t ring < and' was ad
ministering - a ; severe i drubbing '-when; In
an ' effort to ' land • a : knockout, , he started,
a, left for Stiffs Jaw.yThe blow,, Bent with
terrific a force, " landed - onl Stiffs head ! In
stead; ' Instantly Moffatf ft ¦ ' •¦¦• left >• arm
dropped : limp to " his -, side, ; v The referee
Has His Fight With Billy Stift Well
in Hand When Accident „ •
V^ ¦' Befalls Him.: v ;i: ,
MOFFATT'S SHOULDER
IS AGAIN DISLOCATED
.The United States , Circuit Court of 'Ap
peals-yesterday: affirmed the judgment of
United" States Circuit Judge Morrow in
favor of the plaintiff In the case of Wells,
B"argo & Co. vs. William Wolff. The suit
was for alleged" breach of contract to fur
nish cement for Wells, Fargo & Co.'s new
buildins. ¦ -' . •
."Wells, Fargo & Co. Win Again.
Mrs. Hermann Oelrlchs Is discussing
the proposition of erecting a magnificent
family hotel oh the property on. the sum
mit of Nob Hill, just. east of the Flood
mansion. Her lot lies between California,
Mason and Sacramento streets on three
Bides and has been mentioned "as the pos
sible site for the Carnegie library build
ing. Mrs. Oelrlchs has not decided
whether Bhe will build, but as she has
consulted Reid Brothers, architects, in
reference to the matter, the supposition is
entertained that; a handsome structure
will" be erected' at the place Indicated.
There is no point in the city that ¦ com
mands a better view than the crest . of
Nob Hill, the horizon. taking in the east
ern shore of the bay, the vista of the
Santa Clara County mountains : and the
northern bay counties. - Presumably the
plan will be for a tall • and very costly
building in every way worthy of the site,
and the appointments will be elegant.
Placing Structure Upon . Nob
Hill's Crest.
Consults Architects in Reference to
IftRS. OELRICHS MAY
BUILD FINE HOTEL
• Witnesses 'for .the"; defense in : the. case
of Thomas G. Flaherty, charged with/the
murder of Frederick Roller In the saloon,
31i Franklin street. January 28, were "call
ed to testify in Judge Conlan'a court yes
terday.., Police Clerk .W. H. Levines was
asked as to the statement made by the
defendant to him ! on the day ( after -the
murder. W.-F. Wade, a* telegraph op
erator, ' who was in • the «aloon at the
time of the testified practically
the ' same , as the witnesses for the ' prose
cution as to What- occurred. . As there Ja
another witness for ~ th6 .defense .who
could' not be present a continuance was
granted till this morning. • .
Flaherty Murder Trial.
Barney McCabe. a laborer, 32 years of
age, was found dead In bed yesterday
morning: in a lodging-house at the south
east corner of Howard and Third streets.
He had been a hard drinker and alcohol
ism was the probable cause of death.
Drink Kills Barney McCabe.
The executive board of the State Build
ing Tradea.Council of: California held its
first regular meeting yesterday afternoon
at t the * office of the J secretary-treasurer,
420 Montgomery street. The members in
attendance were: :
President,' P. H. McCarthy: secretary.treas
urer O,:' A. •Tveltmoe;,! second vice president,
p AlAValsh: member of the executive board.
W. C' French of the Building Trades Council
of 8an Francisco; second vice president, George
W Smith, 'and member of the executive board,
M P Manning of the Building Trades Council
of Alameda County; third .vice president, M.
O ', Barnhard, , and . member of -.the: executive
board, •' W, A. Badger of the Building Trades
Council' of Stockton; fourth vice-president. "W
M. Trace, and member of the executive. board,
R*J. Kelly. of tfie'Bufldlng Trades Council, of
Santa Clara \ County. "
Messrs/ Morrison arid Robertson were
present representing the Building Trades
Council of . Sacramento.r and I from I these
gentlemen it was learned that the central
body of the. building trades' craftsmen
atthe capital; city will in the near, future
affiliate with the State Council. '¦
I The referendum vote on the State Build
ing .Trades Council's-' constitution ".was
canvassed by the board, and It was as
certained that the constitution had been
adopted by: the .unanimous votes of the
different* local -.unions, which, are affiliated
with the council; but hold. membership in
the .State body:: : i ' : : :¦, -
The board" has made arrangenients ' for
tne Issuance of a quarterly. working card
for • the next quarter, beginning with
It "¦-was" reported that steps, have, been
taken . whereby the . State, so far ¦ as - the
building industry ! Is concerned, will be
thoroughly :¦* organized -.' under ¦ the system
outlined by'the. constitution of the State
Building Trades Council of California;"; <
J. H: Mullen, late business agent of the
Building Trades .Council, of, xAlameda
County, was appointed' State ; organizer.
Most ! encouraging I reports ; were received
from different localities/ anticipating that
the > coming season wlll.be one of excep
tional prosperity to ; the trade. ;.
Captain Seymour has in his possession
the coat that was worn by Frank Woods,
alias "El. Louis Frank," at the time Po
liceman Robinson was shot and killed b>
him afca his companions. The coat was
found in a vacant lot adjoining the resi
dence of Sergeant Campbell, 229 Guerrero
etreet, by some boys.
The back of the coat is pierced with two
of the bullets which the dying officer
fired at Woods. The location of the bul
let holes in the coat -and the two wounds
from which .Woods is suffering show con
clusively that the garment belonged to
him. The lot where the coat was found
is about two blocks from the scene of the
murder, and It is known that three of the
SIX thugs ran in that direction. It is sup
posed ' that Woods threw the. coat off ii :
his iliKht.
Woods is reported to be doing well at
the Central , .Emergency Hospital. The
symptoms of blood poisoning have almost
disappeared and his chances of recovery
are now good.
dently Discarded as He Han,
Perforated Twice by Bullets.
Garment of Wounded Footpad, Evi-
STATE BtJILDING TBADES
COUNCIL HOLDS MEETING
WOODS' COAT IS FOUND
BY BOYS IN VACANT LOT
. Qeneral Aurustin was not .taken from" Ma
nila secretly or with . the ¦ connivance -of * thi»
Germans.. But Admiral von Diedrlch, with
the permission of. Admiral Dewey, which was
expressly; risked for,., and" cheerfully; granted,'
publicly .took .General;. Augustin aboard the
German cruiser •Deutschland, which was car
rying: trie malls.to Hcngkong-. . .
BERLIN. Feb. 17.-In this period of
clearing up what is regarded as .the mis
conception abroad in the United States re
specting the role played by Germany in
1898, 1 the Foreign Office takes | cognizance
of the assertions in the Army and Navy'
Journal that General Augustin, Governor
General of the Philippines before the cap
ture of Manila, secretly, embarked on the
German cruiser Kaiserin Augusta, > The
Foreign Office says: ;;.;' .
This ' fact, i with-; other pertinent considera
tions, will, I am sure, > have your just and
careful attention" in the solemn deliberations
upon which you are about to enter. -If this
measure attains . a successful result, then- our
aspirations as > a' Christian, peace-loving people
will be realized. If it falls it will be only
another Justification for our. contemplated ac
tion. •
Yesterday , and since the preparation of the
foregoing message official Information was re
ceived by me | that the latest decree of the
Queen Regent of. Spain directs General Bianco,
In order to prepare and facilitate peace,' to
proclaim a '.suspension of hostilities}, .the dura
tion-and (details '.of which have not, yet been
communicated to-. me. ¦ ',,. . • . .. , .
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, Nl
W., "WASHINGTON. \ Feb. 17.— President
McKInley's famous message to Congress
of April 11 asking authority to terminate
the conditions then prevailing in Cuba
burst the bubble of the sensation blown
to Great Britain in the dispatch from New
YorH' to the London Times asserting that
MoICihley withheld from Congress a com
munication frpm the Spanish Government
"virtually conceding" the American de
mands.
McKinley's message of that date > con
cluded .with this statement: r • * ,i; \.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.Fletcher went out in the early forenoon
with three other men in his nineteen-foot
yawl, the Willie. When the storm came
up In the afternoon tlie crew put about
to return "to Tiburon. The -heavy se»
running in Raccoon Straits made it im
pdssible to go through, so they pulled
toward Angel Island. While the waves
were dashing high over the frail craft
Fletcher", sighted a small boat ahead.
Seemingly there was a man reclining in
the rear. Fletcher steered' toward the'lit
tle craft and finally overhauled her.- He
found that It had no occupant. Making
the small boat fast to his yawl, he again
made for 1 the shore and -late at night
reached a ha ven under the lee of Attgel
Island. He could not land, but was com
pelled to stay on the yawl all night. ;
Early this morning the Willie put back
to Tiburon and .investigation -of the con
tents of ' the small ¦ boat followed. ; : J n a
canvas sack were found an oil suit, a" pair
of No. 7 shoes, blue woolen hose, a greeiy
blanket, a black sweater, . three plaid
handkerchiefs, a 'pair -of gray trousers, a
red shirt, an astrakancap, a white flan
nel cap, a black- memorandum book, an
undershirt and a scapula with the initial
"II" embroidered on one side. On none
of the garments, were there any identify
ing marks, but the trousers buttons has
the inscription, '.'Bon . Marche, Paris.'*
None of- the. clothing 1 was: of. American
style, resembling that generally worn by
Frenchmen. . .
A photograph of a man, clean shaven,
about SO years of age. in full military uni
,form, was also found. .The photograph
er's name on the back was "Paul, Mayne,'
France." Whether this photograph : la
¦that of the missing man is a question,
J In the bottom of the boat were a few
very large clam shells, obtainable only
along the Southern California coast. The
meat had been taken out evidently quite
recently,. leading to the conclusion that
the occupant of the. boat . had subsisted
onthe clams. . . '.
Fletcher believes that when he first saw
the boat buffeted by the waves there was
a man in it and that he must have been
thrown out and drowned. before the Willie
could come alongside. Although the beach
has been ' watcheu to-day no body has
come ashore. . .... _ . ; , -
Some believe the unfortunate man was
the missing: sailor from the French bark
Alice, recently - in , quarantine, and 'that
when he escaped he. hid in the hills ot
Marin County . until ,; Saturday ; or Sunday
and then attempted to row to Ban;Fran
cisco. •
TIBUROX. Feb. 17.— During the heavy
storm yesterday afternoon a small boat
was picked up in the bay off Tlburon. It
contained wearing apparel, one broken
oar and one good oar. WilJiarri Fletcher,
a fisherman, sighted the craft, and, jj al
though himself battling in & small boat
with an angry sea, he did not hesitate
to go to the assistance of another seaman
in distress, as he belie\'ed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BURSTS BUBBLE
OF A SENSATION
The Pacific" and the Wireless Telephone
and Telegraph Company has acquired the
rights for the introduction of this system.
At the head of the company are men who
have devoted a lifetime to investigating
telegraphic methods. General A. L. New,
General Irvine Hale and General A. W.
Barrett of this city are concerned in the
development of 'the system. . ¦ .
General A. W. Barrett Is the president
of the local branch of the -service and. ho
says that Six weeks* more will prove the
advantage of the system, as applied to
outlying islands and places to which it
is almost impossible to lay a cable.
. -The instruments, which are being made
ready for the coming experiment, are to
be of the finest construction. Coils of in
sulated .wire 250 miles In length are being
made ready.. In "Los Angeles a "mast"
150 feet in height is being erected and a
similar mast . will be placed on Catalina
Island. ¦ From these two points it is ex
pected to flash messages to those who de
sire to ¦ b« in quick " communication with
the other parts of the.. world.. ¦ , ¦
¦". Some interesting features in connection
with the transmission of messages are be
ins developed, and -while this station is
but the. first of many that will be estab
lished on this coast, it is the determina
tion of the managers to make it as perfect
as the present investigations *into the sub
ject will permit. "
,. One of the largest induction coils ever
made west of Philadelphia will be Used
in the preliminary experiments. If this
'is. successful, the system will be applied
to the whole Pacific, Coast.
';The "line",' from Los Angeles to Catalina
Island la but . fiftyi-slx miles long, but It
is expected that in a short time messages
will be transmitted for a much longer dls
: tahce. V, --: ...;.;
Los Angeles and Catalina Island are
8bon to be connected by a system of wire
less telegraphy. Such preliminary . tests
as have been made Indicate to the projec
tors the feasibility ' of, the undertaking.
Catalina is twenty-eight miles away from
the mainland.' The station will be estab
lished in Los Angeles. . .
BAKU, Trans-Caucasia; Feb. \ 17.—De
tails which are slowly arriving at Baku
from :Shamaka\sh6w\ that 2000 'persons,
mostly Women and children, perished as
a "result of the earthquake last week and
that 4000 houses were destroyed. v
Thirty-four villages of the 1 country sur
rounding Shamaka also suffered.
To addlto the terrors of the-neighbor
hood a volcano near the village of Mar«
asy, eastward of Shamaka. has broken
out into active eruption. A , great crev
asse has appeared, . whence immense
flames and streams' of lava are being
thrown ,, out. ¦ The course of the ' river
Geonchalka has been . altered in " conse
quence of its bed being dammed with
earth which had been, disturbed- by the
earthquake. • ; . .• . - /. <-.-,
Battalions of guards and detachments
of .soldiers •with . tents have been dis«
patched. to Shamaka to aid in the work
of rescue. ¦/.¦•
The Red Cross Society is active in al
leviatins distress.' ' / '
I>rs. C. M. Armistead. C. H. Boskowltz.
Josr-I'h Brooks. E. Bunnell, M. R. Gibbons/ T.
B. Frankenheimer. W. II. Keller*. T. D. Us
her A T. Minaker. Thomas G. McConkey, J.
G. Morrissfv Arthur A. O'Neill. A. P. O'Brieh,
p M. Thomas. E. Pring. H. W. Stirewalt, G:
A. Wcyer.
The Grst physical examination , of pa
trolmen under the civil service law was
held last night in the Police Commission
ers' rooms in the Hall of Justice. Those
who competed in the examination are
anxious to become corporals of police
according to civil service regulations.. Out
cf seventy-two examined. -. twenty-six
were passed, thirty-seven were tempora
rily passed pending a test of their eye
sight, and nine others were uisqualitieri
for various reasons. The following were
successful in the examination:
D. \V. Boyd. J. E. McGovern, James Beach.
William Callijian. Johii O'Mera, John Jordan.
John Hawcs. Geoifre Meyer, Timothy Rlor
<lan. Thomas Atchison. E. P. Wall, O. K.
Knight. William rerguson. P. .1.. Mcllanu?,
F. L. Walters. J. P. Hcrllhy. Peter Peshon.
John Coughlan. William Shaw, Otto Heyne
mann. Allen Frary, John Cronin. Charles
Janw, John Floyd. J. W. Capels, Edward
Ward.
The examination of those who passed
up to the «yesig-ht test, will be completed
to-night. Drs. Louis Bazet. Vincent P.
Buckley and James W. Ward acted as
examiners, assisted by the following med
ical gentlemen:
POLICEMEN UNDEEGO
STBICT EXAMINATION
WIRELESS PLAN
TO BE UTILIZED
BOAT IS EMPTY
OWNER DROWNED
\m] Ca RANK E. RODOLPH* the well
[__- known amateur singer and
||"^ musician, will give a concert on
¦ JJL.. *: Thursday evening next at Native
. -- Sons' _Hall and his ' friends are'
anxiously awaiting his ' appearance, : for
with modest demeanor Rodolph an
nounces that if he scores a success at the
concert he Intends to take to the profes
sional stage.
When the "Flbrodora" sextet was re
cently presented at a society charitable
concert; Rodolph surprised every one by
For the. last few' years, Rodolph has
made many appearances in concerts ; in
this city and his' services have constantly
been in demand at musicales."- ' . ¦
¦ If .'Rodolph meets with the approval of
the public at; his concert on Thursday
evening next he will immediately place
himself in the hands of vocal and stage
instructors and later on seek fame before
the footlights in comic opera. I ' ' i
A choice programme will be presented on
Thursday evening at the concert .and Ro
dolph will be assisted by Theresa Ehrman,
Herman Genss and Harry Samuels. . . . .
his ability: as a singer and his stage pres
ence in the pleasing comic opera selection
and he was strongly advised to become a
professional singer.
WEL.L- KNOWN. AMATEUR SINGER r
AND MUSICIAN WHO WILL. GIVE
A CONCERT THURSDAY NIGHT.
•¦¦..SACRAMENTO, Feb. lT.-IIugh Duffey.
residing at 1323 H street, was shot and
perhaps fatally wdUnaed by a burglar
this evening. Duffey found a man acting
in a suspicious manner In the backyard
of a neighbor named Bartell and went
over and seized the intruder. Two young
men named Sextdh and Eldrjdge assisted
Duffey. . As they were trying to search
the . man the sash of a window opening
into the backyard was. raised by a burglar
who was inside and who fired upon Duf«
fey.. Duffey fell with.-a bullet in his sido
and the. man in the yard broKe away from
Sexton and. Bldrldge and ¦ escaped. The
burglar . in . the house jumped from the
window^ and fled, but- lost nis hat. This
may be useful in establishing hi3 Identity.
Miss Alary Duffey, daughter of the
burglar's victim, was tvilh her father
when, he went to the Bartell house. In
describing the tragedy she said:
"When we got over to Mr. ¦ Bartell' a
house my father ¦ told the two boys that
went with us to stand atthe back corner
of the house and- to catch any one wha
came out. Then. he. went up and rang the
door bell, and as he did so, 1 saw a man
with a lighted candle in his hana , cotnu
to the window, part the lace curtains and
look but. I. Then he blew out the candle
and disappeared.
¦ "My fatner. came down -from the porch,
and as he did so a young man ran out
of /the house, and my father caught him
and asked 'What" were you doing in that
house?' .The young man eeemed to be
badly frightened, for his voice shook as
he said: '1 was not -doing anything: 1
wasn't In the house.' .My lather replied:
'Yes. you were, for I saw you there.'
¦"The two boys that were with us then
came up and took hold of the fellow and
my father started to search his pockets.
He took out of one pocket a piece of soap
and asked : 'Where Is that candle you
had^ VThe fellow said: T did have a
piece of candle,', and he reached his hand
Into one of his pockets and drew out a
piece of. candle and some matches. . '
"Just as he did this a Window in Mr.
Bartell's house was thrown open ¦ and a.
man. leaned out: 'Throw up your hands,*
he ordered.-. Then I heard a shot, my
father staggered back against the, fence
and the fellow who was being held by
the ¦ boys struck one of them and broke
loose and. both of the robbers ran away."
' -After : Duffey was shot- he was helped
¦ into - his .residence and physicians were
called to his assistance. Dr. Charles Pink
ham, who was the first to arrive, found
that the bullet had entered the body to
tho right of the breastbone on a level with
the. sixth rib j and i must have eone di
rectly through the body, passing between
the ninth- and tenth ribs, as It can be
easily felt beneath the skin in. the back.
; Officers were sent out in. all directions.
When a posse reached the American
River bridge north of the city the officer
in charge was informed that a bareheaded
man had crossed the bridge a few min
utes before. He "was not captured.
3 Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
mandates. The matter was set ; for 10
o'clock, but Mr. Daniels did not appear,
because he didn't choose to, as he has dis
covered that the law holds no terrors for
him. The Court Commissioner was as
complacent as the circumstances would
permit and reset the hearing until to-mor
row mornine at 10:30 o'clock.
Now to-morrow morning at 10:S0 o'clock
Dr. George C. Pardee was to have ap
peared to have his deposition taken, the
attorneys having stipulated that when
they first began taking- depositions a week
ago. In view of the recent disclosures
In the case of Editor Daniels, he Is in no-
Wise obligated to appear before the Com
missioner. He could, if he wanted to,
stand on his rights and bid defiance to
the Court Commissioner without fear of
incarceration for a term in the County
Ja!l. Notwithstanding this state of af
fairs and his perfect safety with regard
to the Court Commissioner, Dr. Parde.e is
said to have made up his mind that he
will be present at 10:30 o'clock. The Court
Commissioner said this rooming that he
had been given to understand that Dr.
Pardee would be there on time and not
make much fuss about the kind and num
ber cf questions they asked him.
D. Edward Collins stayed away from
Notary Public Steele's office again this
morning, so that his depositions could not
be taken. This was on the advice of his at
torneys that the service of the papers was
not regular. They gave him the same ad
vice as on last Saturday, -when he refused
to appear. The notary public, at the re
quest of the attorneys, reset the hearing
for next Saturday at 10 o'clock. By that
time some uncertainties about the case
will have been settled. One of these Is the
«4uestion of the powers of the Court Com
missioner and the other Is the disposition
of Dalton's demurrer to the complaint.
The demurrer is to be argued next Friday
before Judge Ogden.
Attorneys Snook and Church. Editor
Daniels' legal representatives, want the
Court Commissioner to Qle a bond so that
in oase lie is held liable for the arrest and
imprisonment of their client they can hold
him responsible for his acts. They tiled a
request with Judge Ogden to-day asking
him to rt-quire Mr. Babcock to file a suf
ficient bond. Judge Ogden took the mat
ter undf>r consideration until he can con
sult with the other members of the bench.
The taking: of the deposition of G. B.
Daniels, managing editor of the Oakland
Enquirer, did not go on as per schedule
this morning before the Court Commis
sioner, vho has found him guilty of con
tempt for disobedience of his orders,
though lacking the power to enforce his
There was little ado about the Colllns-
Pardee-Dalton-Dauiels controversy to
day. Neither side to this struggle over
an aching desire for a peep into the Oak
land Enaulrer's books did much In the
way of accomplishing Its ends. The fight
to test the powers of the Court Commis
sioner in contempt and other judicial pro
ceedings is being deferred until the at
torneys for the plaintiffs can collect their
shattered forces and renew the attack. In
ihe meantime other things calculated to
appsase the public thirst for news of the
war will transpire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 17.
The conference adopted the following
resolutions:
Tha.t this conference favors the enactment
of laws Tor the separation of first term prison
era from hardened offenders, and also provid
ing for the release of first offenders on proba
tion, and for the imprisonment of other, crlm
ibals bf indeterminate sentence, duration con
ditioned upon pood behavior and . evidence of
reform along the lines of -similar laws now tn
force In New York, Xew Jersey and Massa
chusetts.
1 That this conference urgently, recommends
the creation at the earliest opportunity of a
State Board of Charities and Corrections for
the State of California.
That the State Conference of Charities and
Corrections recommends such legislation as
I ¦will allow and encourage the formation of- a
¦ separate juvenile court for the hearing of all
cases of juvenile dependency or delinquency.' ]
The following named were appointed a
committee on legislation:
Ocar K. Cushlng, C. A. Murdock. Judge M.
{ C. Sloss Dr Dorothea Moore, John F. Mer
rill. Katherine Felton. F. H. Wheelan, J. J.
Barrett Mrs. Tallant of Santa Barbara. Paul
ino Dohrmann of Stockton W. R; Davis of ¦
Oakland, AVarren Gregory, Robert M. Fitzger
ald, Robert T. Devlin. J. B. Richardson. D.
A. E. Osborne, Osgood Putnam. B. H. Pendle
ton, J. P. Taylor and Herbert Lewis.
Addresses by Superintendent .Lewis,
Hon. Horace Davis, C. A. Murdock and
others brought the conference to a close.
The sense of the meeting was taken on
the matter as to where tho next confer
ence shall be held and San Francisco Was
unanimously preferred. '>i'fU<<
Favor First-Term Prisoners.
The speaker advocated the right kind
of . people for the proper conduct of re
formatory work; persons of good, .ripe
Judgment, who would be glad to do the
wot it for the work's sake. He showed
by quoting authority .that of the boys
they had only 5 per cent of degenerates
ana hopeless cases, • .
The Rev. Mr. Drahms declared in the
course of his remarks that California, was
behind other States in this matter, and in
speaking of lack of system In reformatory
or prison discipline drew attention to a
state of affairs in San Quentin Prison,
when four j r ears ago 69 .per. cent of the
inmates were opium fiends, the vice hav
ing been acquired in the prison.
Colonel John P. Irish devoted a speech
to the matter of handicraft — the employ
ment of youth in Industries, and cofl
demncd systems .that prohibited the boys
of the country from beitfg apprenticed,
whereby they missed becoming skilled
workers. The influx of foreigners to the
detriment of the youth of the land also
received attention at the colonel's hands.
Mr*. J. Merrill spoke in a similar strain
and Superintendent Lewis gave interest
ing experiences, of the youths of the
East:
The following officers were unanimously
chosen for the year:
President. Frank J. Symtnrs. San Francisco;
vice presidents. Mrs. E. C. Tallant. Santa. Bar
bara, and James P. Taylor, Oakland; secre
tary and treasurer, Katherine Feltoii.
Few Degenerate Cases.
llr. Banks spoke on the' matter of clas
sification in the matter of ages, and as
serted that he had known boys of 12
years of age to be far more obstreperous
and to do more harm to the institution
than older boys who . were deemed har
dened criminals. The only -way to clas
sify was first to know the character of
the boy.
The afternoon session was devoted to
discussions by Mr. Banks, former super
intendent of the Preston Reform School;
Herbert Lewis, superintendent of the
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society; Colonel
John P. Irish, Mrs. J. F. Merrill and the
Rev. Mr. Drahms. . : .
Miss Feltou, secretary of the local As
sociated Charities, presided and pleaded
earnestly, for the accomplishment of some
intelligent system, by which dependent
children might be cared for and pro
tected.
In the morning a discussion dealing
with the care o£ dependent children was
the feature. Those who iook;part in the
debate were:
Sire. Martha. P. Falconer, Mrs. 1, Raymond,
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall of the Ladles' Protection
and Relief Society. Miss A. K. Miller of the
Ladies' Relief Society of Oakland. Mrs.' R. E.
Arlington of the Bocker T. Washington Relief
Society, Mre. Henry Payot of the Children's
Hospital, Mirs G. L. Trevor, Mrs. M. \V.
Backus and Mrs. A. L. Dolfe of the -West Oak;
land Home; Mrs. William Ali-ord, president of
the Protestant Orphan Asylum; Mrs. William
Asbburner and Mrs. Moree.
. The State Conference of Charities and
Corrections was brought to a close.yes
terday in the auditorium. of the. Young
Men's Christian Association building..
TWO THOUSAND
PEOPLE PERISH
. The revenue tax in question has been
removed, sp that the decision has no ef
fect on present shipments. .Had the case
been decided as formerly, the State would
have, commenced action to-recover dam
ages," but now the whole matter- will be
dropped. , . >• ,-"*.;••.:.
¦•; In. the opinion handed down yesterday It
was held that as each interpretation re
feulted iii '• th4 shipper's; payment oE: the
extra cent th:ere was practically no differ
ence between them, it was 4 accordingly,
decided that \ "Wells;-. 1' argo - & : ; Co. - had
realty riiaae a, reasonaOiu change in. tneir
rates for snipmenc. TiiaVquusuoii at' is
sue was ' whemer tjie etiise yas analogous
to the Michigan case, wnich was decided
by the'; Supreme. Court of .; tno
btates. In tnat suit it was shown that tne
American Express Company had decided
to charge 26 cents for sending packages
on whicn the previous payment natl bten
25 cents. • The court helu. tnat me increase
was legal. In the Wells-Fa rgo, case, the
cbmp&ny refused to send a package pre
sented by; the complainant , unless / he
should pay. for the revenue stamp. .: . . ".
In the tirst decision of ¦ the Supreme
Court of this State it was held. that the
company had no; legal right to compel Its
patrons to pay a tax which had. been im
posed-on itself. It, was conceded, how
ever, ;that the company^ would be justltied
in reasonably, raising its rates to. meet in
creased-expenses. ¦ As it was shown .by
the' defendant company that the charge
of an extra cent was a. general rule and
not an arbitrary imposition on any partic
ular individual or*. class the majority of.
the Justices decided that the whole thing
amounted only to ' the . allowable j increase
in. rates.-" :;.-¦.":¦ , . . ¦•' :¦ ¦ \ • -
Tho opinion is made . public as "by the
b6urt.V - The Chief ' Justice; . however,
writes -a concurring opinion and Justices
Henshaw,. Oaroutte and Van Dyke dis-*
sent:' ¦¦" " '...¦' ¦ ¦¦ . " ¦'. ': ¦ : : '. ¦ '¦ '.
The dissenting opinion states that the
matter resolves itself into the. question,
"May an express company, , to which has
admittedly-" been tendered ¦> its regular
charge for the transportation of a pack
age, refuse to; accept and. transport that,
package upon its arbitrary demand that
something more than the regular charge
tehall be paid?"- It is claimed that such a
demand is arbitrary-and could be waived
at will. Viewed in that light, it is heM
th&t -the demand Is in violation • of the
statutes.-.-.,. v; s ¦ ¦" : ¦ v. ¦,;¦;¦¦ • , - '..••-
The Supreme! Court decided last April
thsit /Wells, Fargo & Co. could not compel
shipper's to pay the war revenue tax. Yes
terday the Jsamie court arrived at an op
posite : opinion. The - court ' in .'each iu
stancii-was divided arid the. "n^w coristruc
ti6n M ,the ; law was attained through si
change of mlrid on the part of some of the
Justices. It.was.heid prevfously. that the
express company's charge ot one cent to
pay for the revenue stamp differed.. from
a Michigan . case . conceded ; t o bq ' a valid
precedent; irt •: '. which the ext ra- cost a f
shipping was called a' reasonable raise In
rates."' " - :: , " . . ¦ . • ' ¦
Delegates to Charities and
Corrections Gathering
Finish Labors.
Holds 'Corporation- Legally.
: Raised Rates on
Shipments. *
Tries to Sav 3 I Neighbor's Be
longings From a- Pair
ot Thieves.
Dr. George C. Pardee May
and May Not Give a
Deposition.
Conference Adopts Res
olutions Regarding
Criminals.
Supreme Court Decides
in Favor of Welle,
Fargo. & Co.
Wound.
Sacramento Citizen Re
ceives a Mortal
Parties to the Enquirer
Controversy Await
Developments.
BURGLAR SHOOTS
FROM A WINDOW
ENDS REVENUE
STAMP DISPUTE
FAVORS COURT
FOR JUVENILES
OFFER BATTLING
FOR TIME BEING
CONCERT TO BE GIVEN
BY FRANK E. RODOLPH
WellrKnown Aniateur Singer to A^k Public
Approval—If Successful He intends to
Seek Laurels on the Comic Opera Stage
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18/ 1902.
9
CLERGYMEN LOCK
HORNS WITH ELKS
Storm Follows the Dedi
cation of San Jose's
Library.
Pastors Protest Against In
scription Placed Upon the
Cornerstone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 17.-The laying of the
cornerstone of the new Carnegie library
by the Elks of this city has aroused the
ire of the Pastors* Union. The chcoslng
of Sunday as the day for. the ceremonies
brought forth the first objection, but the
placing of the Elks*, inscription on the
stone has added fuel to the flames. The
ministers carried their right Into the
Council Chamber to-night, where their
protests were vain, and it is rumored they
•will now appeal to Andrew Carnegie.
A block of granite constituted the cor
nerstone. F. A. Curtlss, the contractor,
on the beginning of work this morning,
grabbed a crowbar arid dislodged the cor
nerstone. He notified Architect Binder
that the stone would not go into the
building until It was ordered by the Coun
cil. He declared the plans ar»l specifica
tions called for a sandstone block, and
he would not allow granite to be used In
stead, as it might violate his contract.
It is said that the ministers brought in
fluence to bear on Curtlss* bondsmen, who
feared trouble If granite were used. ¦
' To-night a committee from tho Pastors'
Union, headed by Rev. Mr. Meredith,
went before the Council. Before it was
heard, a resolution was adopted author
izing the placing of the granite corner
stone. When' Rev. Mr. Meredith obtained
the floor he said he was sorry the pas
tors had not been invited to speak be
fore the resolution was adopted. He then
presented resolutions adopted by the Pas
tors' Union. These resolutions protest
against the "mutilation and misuse of
Mr.; Carnegie's gift" by placing thereon
a. stone bearing the Inscription "Placed by
Ban Jose Lodge No. 522, B. P. O. E.. at
the request of the Mayor and Common
Council." They continue:
¦ That we call upon the Mayor and Common
Council to order the removal of the (tone;
that we invoke all civic orders and educational
Institutions and good citizens throughout our
city to aid. in securing the removal of an of
fense which reflects upon the culture and san
ity of our community. Should it b» deemed
proper to lay another, stone, we request that
the programme be broad enough to admit of
representation »of all classes In the . exercises
and that some other day than Sunday be
chosen.
It was further declared that the Elks',
inscription on the stone was offensive to
refined tastes and i for the purpose of ad
vertising a special interest.
The resolutions were filed, but no notice
of them was taken.
Captives Still Concealed.
M. Gargioulo la waiting here, continues
the correspondent, arid is Ignorant as to
where Miss Stone, the captive American
missionary, and her companion. Mme.
Tsllka, are concealed.
LONDON, Feb. 18.— A dispatch tj5 the
.Daily Graphic from Seres. European Tur
key, dated February 17, says that M. Gar»
gioulo, dragoman of the American lega
tion at Constantinople, and M. Petit.,
treasurer of .the American mission at
Constantinople, met the brigands on ,th<»
road to the Podrome monastery and paid
them the ransom money ¦ .February 6. ¦ ">
POMONA. Feb. 17.— Andrew Carnegie has
Offered $13,000 to the city of Pomona tor the
establishment Of 8 fre« public library.
1 VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 17,-The man
suspected of being- Kauffman, the alleged
murderer of Policeman Robinson in 8an
Francisco, was arrested here to-day, b'it
-does not tally with the description sent
from San Francisco. He says he Is
Frank Arnold of Syracuse. N. Y. His
height is 6 feet 2% Inches, but he weisrhst
only 130 pounds, and la four inches taller
andone hundred pounds lighter than the
man wanted. He says he 13 23 years old,
and he appears to 'be about' that age. He
has a crippled right hand and wrist. ,
Prominent Men Pass Away.
Not Murderer KauCman.
OBAPE-NUT3.
MUST HAVE IT.
Properly Selected Food of Great Im-
portance.
Loss of memory is a sure sign that the
bofly is not taking up proper elements
from the food. Then is the time io feed
especially selected foods or the person
may become demented.
A mother writes about her son and it is
Interesting: "My son, Albert, now 25 years
old and principal of the - — High School,
graduated at the Kansas University and
'.a a post graduate of the Columbia, Mo.,
University. . "
"When he began teaching about a year
ago he had Just completed his education
and was badly broken down in health.
He had only about two months* vacation
and spent it at Excelsior Springs, but
when be returned there was no improve-
ment.
"W« thought be would get better after
he began his work, but Instead of Imprdv- \
Ing, he became more weak and nervou3, |
and finally rorgetfui In the schoolroom.
He tried different physicians and every-
thing be could hear of and at last gave vp
school and cam* home, after putting a
teacher in his place.
"I cooked every delicacy I cdiild thiiilt
of for him, but be became very thin and
we were greatly worried about hint. One
day a neighbor sent over a box of Grape-
Nuts. He caught eight of the package
and after reading the statement of what
the food was Intended for became much
interested and began using it.
"He liked it, and at the end of a week
vras very much strengthened and im-
proved. We were encouraged. He stuck
to Grape-Nuts and in five weeks was
back In the schoolroom.
"He Is now teaching the second term in
Ihe same place, has recovered entirely
and gained wonderfully in flesh. He now
weighs 165 pounds and is an expert foot-
ball player.
"My daughter, Georgia, eight years old,
teas a weak little girl until, after we
round what effect Grape-Nuts had on Al-
bert, we put her on the food and now she
» exceptionally stout and healthy. Wo
urteh to thank the Company for the great
&elp the food has been to us. ff This lady
Ives &t H alls vllle, Mo. Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich. ;
• .¦'-. ¦
A Tl VTPR. f TTB'P.'PrB'.TJ > r¥l T •
CANCER
'¦ Sufferers from this honibla Tnalady
nearly always inherit it— sot necessarily
from the parents, but may be from soms
remote ancestor, for. Cancer cf tea rnss
through several generations. This deadly
poison may lay dormant in the blood for
years, or until you reach middle life, then
the first little sore or ulcer makes its ap-
pearance-— or a swollen gland in tie
breast, or some other part of the body,
gives the first warning. •
To cure Cancer thoroughly and perscua-
nently all the poisonous virus mast be
eliminated from the blood— every vestige
of it driven out. Thi« S. S. S. does, and
is the only medicine that cas reach deep-
seated, obstinate blood troubles like this-.
When all the poison has been forced out
of the system the Cancer heals, and the
disease never returns.
Cancer begins often in a small way, as the
following letter from Mrs. Shirer shows:
A small pimple came on my jaw about as laeh
below the ear on the left side of my face. : Itf*-**
tae no pain or incoavea- - _^^i^^^^
notbesun to inflame aad JBgf;
itch ; it would bleed a FvS*E2_ aH9
little, then scab over, but §k225^»«. %Sfc
would' cot heal. .This vJrj&3?*&&Pi£'vOB
painful. The Cancer be- r^J^PSsSTx.
gan to eat and spread, '^*s2?^ JlEst
until it was a« large as a Jg^g*igg** fl&>:-
half dollar, ¦when I heard iGSBra^rHy'^lpi^
of S. S. S. and determin- TSW'*"fijhllffffjgft^Tt
and it was ismarkable w ' ' Is^SbPI' SpS^
what a wanderfnl effect ??•*" ¦w"«wr fV *r' ..
it had from the vtry &egianiflg;tlt«<of«6«gatit#
heal and after, taking a tew bottles dUappeifed
entirely. ThSa was two years ago j there are «t!«
,no signs of the Cancer, and my general beatlh
continues good.— Mas. R. Shixbr, La Pl*U, M».
S/3^ J3& is the greatest of all
»Sk^ blood purifiers, and the
only one guaranteed
K^P k»a P^ely vegetable. Send
for our free book , on
Cancer, containing valuable and interest-
ing information about this disease, aid
' write oar physicians about your case. W*
make no charge for medical advice. .
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA,
PBairiflU MUTfcaOMMBBEmMlEaBaiCMEBB
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Peaajroyal or SteeL '
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. ,.O
Aplollne Capsales for three months cost $L
• ¦ J Druggist or P. O. Box 2061, 2Tew York.
yg^Ny DR. MEYERS & CO.
/jS^t\ specialists for wlx.
A51f ,-^JiA Established 12SL Coa-
P(n *<* Fl 1 «ultatlon and prlvat* book
I •\X ; (WJ_V/ ttf at offlca or byBAil
\<^%/ MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO, CXUTHE SAN FRANCISCO OALI,, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY J 8, 1902.
10
__ CLAIRVOYAISTS. ¦
MME. M. BEKNARdT ¦ --'•.••/.--. '•¦ ' '. . :
THEFAMOUS. - I -7.
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.;; next . Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly.'- gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events' to occur In the fu-
ture. •¦ If you . are in trouble, discontented, 1 , un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have, domestic.:
love or business consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed^ Tel. Black 4569. . :
MRS. DR. F. ! CLARKE, the well-known trance
j medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. . Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp for , pamphlet
. with special terms. Dally and Sunday.- ¦
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant.tells past;
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;''
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ 6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, - clairvoyant and
¦ palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite-Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a.m. '
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a.-m. .-.-
A — MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis:- clairvoyant,
•crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 60c-$l: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
' MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents, 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents SOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. ' 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MEL VILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
! reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
60c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
', reader ;mall orders ;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, callrvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G; 50c..
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,;
has removed from' 222 Eddy to .407 O'Farrell.
MRS. LANON. wonderful fortune-teller: truth
or no pay: 25c and COg. 234 y. Sixth st.
' MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently ;'. business
.advice; names given: 25c up.' 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng "Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th st.; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74. : ..
COIiLECHOS . OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys. '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 3iO, 927 Market st.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. King.
. attorney. Examiner building. 6th floor.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A — ELEGANT 5-room cottage, 30 minutes' ride'
from city: furnished complice. A. M. SPECK
& CO.. 66T Market st. .
A COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $9. 1 Lombard
st., near Hyde. - -
COTTAGE, 3 rooms, newly papered. 70D% Har-
rison st. (rear): $7. ¦ ...
IJEXTISTS.
A^R.Trs71ilGGfNs7^7^1arkePsTrEmma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other
fillings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5
up; plates, a full -set of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed, $5 up. ..
Painless extraction.
1 do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, hridtr#s
and fillings: extractions, or filllnss by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free: prlcc-s
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th, nr.. 7. Flood bldg.. txtractlons done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty ;gcld
crowns. $.1 50 up; platss,extractlons free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to !> p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. "W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. G Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady. attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., prbprietpr and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot. break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50:fillings,50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink Ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, qor. Bush —
1 Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St. : expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate.' DR. H. G.
¦ YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 60c: plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordeon and knife pleating. "WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
POO ¦HOSPITALS. _ _ _^7
DR. CREELVS C. P, dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. RIO Golden Gate ave.
HEXLD'S SCHOOL OF^ELECTRICAiTENGlI
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tlcn. laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish,' etc.: experienced teachers;
. new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.— Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
-test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. .
HEALD'S SCHOO OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an • accredited preparatory
'school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan , or any
Stanford professor. Phelan' building. ;v; ,'
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: ' Hallet School,
.associated with theatrical agency securing po-
."> sltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. I;
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, t 219 Parrott . bldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
, vey,' assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business i College '.most thordUgh
,, modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60- page catalogue free. ! 305 Larkln st.
A — THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has .'re-
J moved to Native Sons' " Hall ¦ 414 Mason, st. 7
VIOLIN, guitar, • mandolin, banjo taught Jn
. class." $1 month." 1836 Eddy; -phone Pine 4oJ-
PIANO lessons by lady teacher; homes visited
¦': If desired:, ?3 month.' Address box 3906, > Call. 1
KENT Law School: day, and night. 554 Parrott
bldg. (Emporium) ;' send , for catalogue;
MARY P.'WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons; 60c: piano. for practice. .39 Fifth'st.
C. HOFFMAN, -the European ' pianist,' gives
-. thorough, successful' instruction. -.1017- Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar,'. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo." 1024 Mission,' nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught- by mail : or personally.'
' MISS M. . G. BARRETT. 302 ¦ Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin. ! guitar. ; Prof.' MERKI, good
teacher.- 1008. Mission selected."
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
, Pitman shorthand., typing, } bookkep. ; . $6 • mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S b DAY," and
ILLUSTRATION^-nlght class. :;424 Pine'st. i,.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post ; st . » S. > F. ;
. founded 1S63; new 80-page : catalogue > free." ¦ ;-
CHE A PEST and best in America— The : Weekly
Call, ,18 pages," \ sent to any address : In the
United States or Canada one > year. for/ $1,':
postage riald. - ¦¦--" ¦' ¦ ,-' ¦'¦-.- , . ' :.'-.
employment; offices. . : 7
A — JAPANESE reliable, house^cleaning7"'^ooks"
¦ - a nd waiters furnished i at • short , notice, v- Geo.'
Kinoshlta, 1233 Page,' cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.'
CH INESE 'and ' Japanese '¦ help; estab. "> 20 years."
¦'- -Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY, & CO.r.640 Clay.-
Grznd: Japanese-Chinese iEmp.Office.j415 Stock-
; ton ; : tel; ; Grant : 168 ; expert, j reliable t help. - ; ?
JAPANESE' and Chinese" best help; f cook Und
; waiter. 421 Post. 'j GEO. AOKI ; tel.'; Bush 135: •
JAPANESE," best domestic, ;farming and house-"
cleaning. 628 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
F VRKITURB FOR ; SALE.
•4 ' ROOMS furnished i in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
:,-', range. 'King Furniture Co.. « 1127-1131 Market.-
-y, FURNITURE WANTED.
A. i WOLLPERT. 773 Mission , St..' pays highest
: price for second-hand furniture; tel; Red 1354."
. . ¦¦;-- ;.-¦¦ ; ./ gloves.;7 1/ ¦'';¦' 7 - :
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
.warranted; kept < In > repair. .121 Grant' ave. ¦¦ •
. : :help waxted-—.female.7
A— 2 WAITRESSES; - Arizona:; free fare;. $25.
C. R. HANSEN- & CO.......... 104 Geary st.
A— WAITRESS,*" State of '. Nevada, see" party
here, .$30, fare paid; 2 ¦• waitresses, Coronado
• Beach, ; half fare paid' both ways; $20; wait-
i esses. :- numerous places, ' $20-$-5; ', 20 chair-
. ; bermaids, - Southern California, special . rates,
', $20; 2 cooks,' hotels,'. country '..;•; ;.*.... $40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.* , ,
Woiaan with a child, ; country, $15, fare paid;
seoud , girls, • cooks, ¦ house . girls, city and i
. country, best of wages. ; C. R. HANSEN &
CO... lfrl: Geary at... , ; . .
A- TOUNG uirl • for factory work: $5 WMk.
'. C. R. HANSEN & CO.; . 104 Geary st.
A PLAIN ironer; institution; room, board and
.--. wash ins; $20. (¦?
; C. R.- HANSEN & :. CO.'. ...... 104 Geary : st.
A WORKING. housekeeper for family of 2 and
S men : ' State ' of Nevada : $35 and free fare.
C.,R. HANSEN & CO.. . 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, some^washmgr, $C0-$35; 4
" : second 'girls, $20-$25; mother and daughter
. las' cook and second girl,: 3. family, $35; 4 gen-
eral housework 'girls, small families, $30; 3;
- waitresses to i go. south. «• fare paid, $20-$25; |
German nurseglrl, . • 2 children, for Honolulu, -
$25, see party : here :- housekeeper, $20, city;:
" nursery governess, . $25; chamber ¦ work, ! wait ¦
f J.one meal,- $20; housework,' Alameda, $25, sea i
j ; lady at of lice; and large number of girls for!
¦ -housework, city, and country, $25 and $30.". J. \
F. C'ROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.. |
A— MRS. M. :E. DAY & CO. ....... .335 Geary'
First-class reliable. positions for all kinds of
hotel and family .help; city, and country; |
best wastes. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., «S5 |
1 Geary, st.' ;•?¦., ...."... j
WANTED— Experienced and ap- !
.. prentices. "Apply/ bftt ween S and 11 a. m. '
7 at . HALE BROS.' ,\
GIRL for general housework; 2. In family: no
washing: wages 515 to $20.' Call 2722 Sac- 1
'. ramento st. .t.;- 1 ; ,' ... k i
WANTED — Young glrlfor light upstairs work
and assist with • children ; in Alameda. Ap-
ply at office. ,738 -Bryant St., city.
WANTED— A ' young girl with some knowledgo
of cooking and : willing to -learn. Call be-
tween 9 and 1 at 1615 Scott st! ' ';
GIRL to ! train as nurse and assistant in s<ir-
¦'•¦¦ geon's office; salary when coihoetent. G.,
; box>S999.' Catl. ¦ . .-.
GOOD. cook: must have references; three ' in
. family. - Call ; between 10 and 12 220U Bu-
' chanan 8t.
WANTEI>— Experienced pow/r sewlns machine
operator. J. J. Pflster Knitting Co.. 412 Polk.
WANTED — *n: amateur soprano slnser. Box
3998, Call. ..-• , .
APPRENTICE on pants; paid while learnliigT
110 William st., off Geary, near Taylor.
A NEAT, girl for general , housework. . Call at
2706 : Sacramento st. - ¦ - , ¦
SMALL gl rl ' to assist In ' housework ; $7. 264
¦ San Carloa ave.. near 'Twentieth st.\
GIRL for general * housework; Los Gatos;
wages ?25. Call at 2010 Laguna st. »
WANTED-^-Glrl for general housework. Apply
at 2U04 . California eU. before 1 p.' m. - . '
WANTED— Neat young girl ; to assist with
.housework. 'Call 1277 O'Farrell St..
GIRL for shooting gallery. 7 Call 623 Pacific
-.-street.- .''•.¦- ; ¦
NEAT girl' for . housework and plain cooking.
• 105 Scott St., near Halght.'
"WANTED — A woman . for cooking and light
housework. 513 Pacific st., upstairs.
WANTED— A first-class diftner waitress at 304 I
Mason st. ; wages $3 50 a week.; . "^ •
GIRL for "general housework: . plain cooking;
small family; good wages. 776 McAllister st.
"WANTED— Good "sewer: also- apprentice for
. dressmaking. " 120*4 Hayes st.
GIRL to assist with light housework; sleep
home:. Sundays off; $10. . 3035 Sixteenth st. .
GERMAN girl wanted -to take care of 2 chil-
dren; wages $20. Apply: 2214 Broderick st. .'
WANTED— Middle-aged woman, i .- unlncum-
bered, to take ; charge of house and care for
child 6 years old; wages $10 per month; Eng-
lish or Scotch preferred. Box 4006, Call. ¦-.
WANTED— A' -woman to assume entire control
of a business branch; one accustomed to fill-
ing a responsible. position. Box 3937.;Call.
WELL- VERSED, good appearing woman for a
- position of trust and enterprise. Box 3931,
, Call office.,-. . - . -"¦' .
GIRLS to learn glove-making: good opportun-
ity.-' Carson Glove. Co.. 85 Market fct.
OPERATORS at : Lev! . Strauss A Co.'a Overall
Factory, . 32 V4 Fremont st. ;' no experience
necessary; good' pay; steady- work. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — A young girl' to assist with grown
children and upstairs work; French preferred.'
Call or apply 1212 Masonic ave.. near Halght.
WANTED— A refined, young 'girl to ' assist up- ,
¦' Ftalrs; 2 children; German preferred." 2930 |
Sacramento ¦ st.. . corner Broderick. • ! •
W ANTEDr-Good tailoress on : veste, $12 per
week;' steady work. : BERLIN, 504 Eddy st.'
GIRL for housework and plain cooking In Ger--
'. man famllyof 2. 1444 O'Farrell st. ¦ ¦¦:
WANTED — Two • experienced : waitresses. Ap-
, ply 20, Third et. .-'7 7. r _.
GIRL' to do light housework In Alameda; from
country preferred; two In family ', good home;
references: wages $10 per month.. Box 3029.
Call office; . .:-.•¦:
GIRLS learn hairdresslng. ¦ manicuring, . mas-
. sage, hairwork f rom • A to Z in "2 weeks'
course,,-$5; must; fill 6 positions within 2
weeks; day and eve class, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
WANTED — An ' experienced tucker: 'steady
; work. -MARKS BROS.. ,1212 Market st. )
PRESSER on custom' coats. BELASCO &
¦HARRIS CO.; B41; Market st.
WANTED— Machine operators -,- at .Busby's
Glove Factory, 207-209 Sacramento st, . ¦
APPRENTtCE with little 'experience for ;mll-
linery; pay. while learning. 130 Sixth st.
GOOD pants finisher; wages $9-$10. 1000 Har-
rison st., corner Sixth. . . ;
"A " GERMAN • woman, as > governess: state * re-
ligion; salary. $30.. -Box 2994. 'Call.
CLASSIFIED ' advertisements and subscription*
: received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmor«.
HELP. WAXTED— MALE.
COACHMAN,*' $30 and ' found ;~man about place.
$30 i and found; v first-class - gardener, $35 . to
'-.., $40 and found; man and wife,' private family,
$50 and found; 3 farmers and wives," $25, $35
and $40 and' found; teamster, $30 and found;
!.-' driver, for milk wigon,", $30 and found; car-
• builders.- $3 to $3 25 day. and others. J. F.'
CROSETT,.& CO.,628 Sacramento st.
jWAITER for. private f ami ly, ; $35; '.piano player
1 for. country, i$l 50 day and found, ;fare ad-
i vanced ; : hotel cook, \ $45, . fare advanced ; but-
. 'ler. , $35 ', and : found ; boy.; for ; . housework, $10
and s found ; -j waiter, country hotel. $25 ; and
- found; 'and others. -J.F.CROSETT & CO.,
7628 Sacramento : st.' 4 ': > .- . /.
MAN' to 'raise* chickens for .institution; must
' be • handy :¦ with \ tools . /. . . . . . .". $25 ; and ' found
¦ *; Driver , for, milk ; wagon. .'. '.': ;.".$30 and found
- Walter for institution.. r. .-..;. $20- and found
7 Pruner for vineyard. .".'. . :. . . .$26 and board
' . Brick iburners;. . . ; . . ... ,\ ;. ;. . . .$2 60' a day
. ; W. D; EWER .&' CO..".;.-. ...... 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S •; Office, 316 Stockton . st.— Second J
cook,', country -.hotel; $90; i second cook; $75: j
¦ short, order^cook. .$30; ;-¦ waiter, $30; dlsh-
..." washer, \ $20: ; gardener, j, country;; $20,': etc. . -'„>
A— HOTEL " GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery.'rm. 12.
•>.-: Bellboy, city hotel. , ' . . , -.;
BARBERS-^-All-- barber shops -must' close at
' noon Saturday; February; 22, - Washington's
• . birthday,- as It is a legal holiday; all.Jour-
r neymen - barbers violating . this = rule will be
fined $25. • By order of Local No.' 14S.
- -' GEORGE BARRETT,' President;
JOS; BLEILY; Secretary. :".¦
BARBERS— No ' more i use s for ' shaving cups or
.¦;. Williams', soap; our stock of. same for sale at
:-,V less. than costr,Russ House Barber Shop, 217
. Montgomery, st. 7 7'' ; 7 '.v- / 7 .'¦;¦.,
EA S Y«; chance * to '¦ make ' money ; ', best ¦ proposi-
tion on Uhe i market ;"$2 to $10 ; easily, earned
. dally ; Investigate. '.- 993 Market st.y room 1. ',-.,
WANTED— Honest, .reliable X man 'as 7 partner;
•¦"..' No.il' cash business: $200 per month; $150 re-
-.:' quired.?' , : See r J.'; LUNDIN. - 257 Fourth ; sC C
tYOUNG barber,' good- shaver, .13 ; months', ex-
. . perience, , wants « situation ; ¦- city * or i Oakland ;
*. wages $6 . weekly. ¦'..- Box 3993. - Call office. < -
•WANTED— Ex-soldiers and sailors at 630 Mar-
" ket st.-: to file ! claims ; for , extra." 1 pay. etc. •< O *
¦ , e;;H0WE. -¦¦".•. .y. :-..-.-.' ."¦ "¦:.•;/;. '•¦>"¦ -¦- - . ;. .
WANTED-^-Steady ' man " with *'¦ $125 cash ; » per-
'. manent '¦¦ place ; i light work; Iwlll ; pay $65 per
i,- montn; / -Apply '765 ¦ Market ;»t.;;" 'room. 3.";.'. >.
2 i YOUNG .men' between ',; 15 '<. and - 20 : years " to
¦.' learn dry goods business; ."wholesale; E.. . box
7 S806., Call office..', . .¦'..'.¦; -¦¦','.. -.'...;-•..;:. \_
; BO Y ¦ for,' drug : store ;'" one ' with ; some I experience
, preferred.': • Box:3S0l. Call offica.
irlaiiMMmi— mhim. mi 1 . . '
_ '.HELP WANTED— MALE Con. _
SrtJRRA Y ' & READY. . - .... .Phone Main 5S4S
..Leading. Employment and 'Labor Agents..
......... . . . ,«:U-636 Clay street. : .
. ... . .... . .OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
CARPENTERS ''•~Z'Vl
"5 carpenters, near city. $3 day: 31aborers,
city ractory. $1 75 day; 10" farmers, same
-ranch. $20 and found, . to" drive small teams;
4 pruners. $30 and found; choremen. $-5. ?-Q
and $15; 3 milkers,' same dairy, see boss here,
$35 and found. ' '
Head .dairyman, good Job, $35 and found.
Teamsters.' $2 day; 3 choreboys.
..CHEAP FARE— BIG WAGES..;
WOODCHOPPERS . . ... . . i .". ¦ •
35 woodchoppers - to • chop wood.- make ties,
posts, etc.. in a new camp, 3 years Job, level
Eround; Prices*.
..../..:. ...Redwood, SOc Cord
... ........ .Plnp. $1 25 Cord.
............Hardwood. $1 50 Cord...:...
; . . .Ties, 10c to 15c each .". • -
Married laborer for mining company, no ob-
. Jectlon to a child, see boss here; man and wife
to take charge of country store: man o take
charge of bakery teams, country. $40 and
.; found; . young : man to drive bakery wagon,
country, $25 and found. •
Foreman for hay and dairy ranch.. $75
...... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC . . . . . : .
y- Short-order cook, country hotel ?' J * >
: Ranch cook. $25 to $30; 4 cooks, other places:
5 waiters; 8 kitchen hands : second baxer,
city, $10 week and found; man for general
store, country, $50 and found ; coachman,
private family. $35 and found; etc.. etc..
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay «t
I GOOD second cook. 70 Third st.
I CABINET-MAKERS wanted; state If plece-
( - worker. ' ¦ Address box 3800. Call office. ¦ .
j,WANTEI>— Job pressman; apply Immediately.
J Mergenthaler Linotype Co.. 320 Sansome st.
; WANTED— One bookbinder: apply Immediately.
j __Mcrgenthaler Linotype Co... S29 Sansome st.
! FIRST-CLASS bootblack for barber shop; $10
per week. 238 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Good paying Barber shop in a good
j .country. town. Bos 3813, Call office.
I WANTED— A boy to learn the painting trade.
2012 Market rt....'/ ¦
WANTED — A good barber for "Wednesday, Sat-
|. urday. anq Sunday. 1S05 Howarcl st.
BARBER shop: must be sold by 12 o'clock.
217 Fourth st.
MASTER Barbers— All barber shops close Feb.
22 (Washington's birthday), at 12 o'clock
noon; keep, open until 11 p. m. day previous.
"WANTED — First-claas man In Oakland to prs-
.. sent a business proposition to business peo-
ple with money; no books, oil stock or In-
• surance, but a sound proposition that is a
, money-maker: extraordinary opportunity for
rustlers. Address box 36-M, Call office. Oak-
land. .'-,..... . . .
WANTED — A reliable German driver for-ba.k-
'.'. ery wagon; must ¦ -have experience; good
wages. Ill Larkln st.
BARBERS— Good hotel shop in mining town of
•5000; a bargain; must be sold to-day. DECK-
. ELMAN BROS.. 100 Ellis st.
CUTTER, experienced with popular priced
tailoring trade. Tailor, box 3991,, Call.
"WANTED— A good male clerk; familiar with
bazaar . business preferred; must come well
recommended. Address by mail A. SCHLUE-
. TER & CO.. Oakland..
WANTEIh-Hon?st man with $250; tend cash,
.-reataiirarit; ?50 month and board: no experi-
:ence; snap; come quick. ' BROWN, ' 1221 . Mkt.
WANTED—^A young man for bookkeeper; must
'.have had experience, write a good hand, ac-
/¦rurate at figures and be able to furnish good
references. - Address, stating references, sal-
- sry expected, box 3054. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in demand;
only requires 8 weeks; tools donated; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st. 7' .- 7 •-.¦¦.-
FOR sale — Newly . furnished 4*chalr barber
shop; finest fixtures; best location: rent only
- $20; must sell on account of leaving city;
¦; only ' $S0O. Address box 3967. Call office.
$150 BUYS half-interest In brokerage and com-
¦ mission business. Stanton & Lillls. 777^4 Mkt.,
! WANTED — Recruits for the . marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
' less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch;, able to speak and read English. For
further Information • apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Men to learn barber, trade; eight
weeks; tools . donated ; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed • free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College.-Los Angeles, Cal.-
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
""runs "Denver House. 217 Third st;; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night;. $1 to $2 per week.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REIS.S BROS. &. CO., 24 Sutter St..
WANTED — Good wood carver: state wage*.
Write Salinas Planing Mill. Salinas, Cal.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market.
500 3£>SI^ to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe's,
5Cc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 second-hand
' shoes for sale: 50c up.. : 241 Third st.
' TOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed.. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
TENSION 'atty.. E. A. BuIHs. . 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. •Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SATLORS. ordinary, for ships for alt parts of
the : world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled whila waiting; 25c
. to 50c. -563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes. . slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.; near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free*.' bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been '• established at 1096
Valencia St. ' *
HORSES AND "WAGO3T S.
A LOT of ¦ horses for ¦ sale at Arcade Horse
¦ Market. 327. Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons.
" harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR - sale— Gentle, stylish riding horse- 14^
. hands, dark color; . also gentle riding and
driving Indian pony: cheap. Santa Clara
Stables," 164 Golden Gate ave. ',-'¦'
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies ; bought - and ' sold ; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market St., corner Eleventh...
ANANo. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR sale— 1375 Eddy st.; stylish single-footing
; saddle horse. . " ¦
, HOUSES TO LKT.
A^PimJT^D^nsTT^s^T^^Use^for^ir^
cular. Q. H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYGIENIC ' HAIR - TREATMENT.
LADIES - and ' gentlemen, ' this Interests yovi —
/ Free consultation on- hair and scalp treatment
by applying. to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND.
.room 30. 139 Post St.. Llebes building. -.
; LOST AND FOUND. '
LOST— A pass book with the, Hibernia Savings
: '•.' and : Loan Society of San 'Francisco. In the
name of CHARLES W. DICKEY; No. 241-
• 206.' ;The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Sunday, . on Golden Gata'ave.. bet.
¦ > Leavenworth ¦ and Franklin sts.. pair of gold
; filled spectacles... 636 Golden, Gate;, reward.
LOST — Around Third and Harrison sts., a gold I
- boat rowing medal, marked Fred Beal, N; S.
G. '¦ W. Return 700 Harrison st. ; reward.
IX)ST— A - white bull terrier, : long • tall ; around
- Eleventh ¦ and ; Mission sts. Return to 106
.Eleventh *t.\ • .
.HAWAIIAN coat of . arms brooch, pinned In a
-narrow belt. , Box. 3094, Call office. ¦
LOST-^Fox terrier pup; No. tag 421&. Return
to 1718 Jackson St.; reward.
LOST— Prayerbook and rosary beads and purse
',- Return, to 929 . Pine st.
LOST — Black ¦ spaniel dog; ¦ Berkeley; license-
reward. 10.10 Bush st.
FOUND-^Solltalre . diamond ,-. ring: owner . can
" have same by proving property. ~ MARY
belle duffy. '
¦;.;,; matrimonial. ~~
GENTLEMEN ; wishing 1 to marry wealthy
• -ladles send.lOcfor list. Mrs/Hertz. 70H E1II».
7. MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also ' cleaned - and sterilized. - uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. < HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
: rt. : tel. Bush 421: . r~^-
¦ ¦. • jaiJSJES ASP MIXIXG.
GEO."DrCAMPBELU Uwyer.~E«Siner big : S
F.: branch of flce.^ Nome." Alaska, season 1802]
MINIXG AXD ASSAYINOT"
R . i f th « Lt T 8 OakConsoU-
; dated Gold Mining Company, situated In Ne-
. , vada -t County, ; 15 miles : north of Auburn- 3
y patented .claims, ' 8-»tamp , quarU mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons forseUlni. non-
¦ experience 1 o« ' mining ' by , owners ; mto* open
EMPLOYMENT" OFFICES— Continue*
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Or-
¦ nee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main PISS.
JAPANESE • Intelligence Office— Furnish ' most
-reliable; help. •'» 524 Bush st. ; . tel. Bush Big.
ORPHEUM I Employment ¦. Of flee— Japanese, Chi-"
nese "help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter-.tel.Black S072.'
EMPLOYMEXT WAMTEP-— FEMALE.
GOOD 'strong woman would like: to" go v '--' out
. washing by the 'day; In private family; $1 50
per day.' Call 447 First st ; bet. Harrison and
Bryant. ': T'.'-MillJi'aiil HMWI'lH WITH"
NEAT young girl ! desires a position to do up-
stairs work and, wait at table. Call or- ad-
, dress 124 Eighth st. 7 V '
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes a position in
• . private - family; good references; wages ' $30
to ' $35. " Address 316'£ Ritch- St., between
- Brannan and Townsend. '-* . ¦' ' -'
RELIABLE Swedish girl wishes position to do
general housework; wages ?25. Call- 8b
Sherman st.V / ¦ '..- v ____*
Al MILLINER will call on ladles; old mate-
rial , utilized;? 1 new furnished when : desired.
¦ '. Box 3925, Call ojTflce. -¦¦•"-
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day as
7 laundress or. housecleaning. $1 80 per day.
¦<¦ Address 1 781 Halght , st. •'
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook,, not afraid
¦a to '.work; can cook 1 for ten men; references;
call from 8 to 12. ,1079 Market st. . ¦--••'.
A ¦ YOUNG . girl - wishes a situation - as cook In
private, family. Please call 314 Laguna. st.,
near Ook. '. - .;
SITUATION wanted by Scotch woman as cook
• or housework in private family: city refer-
¦ ences; Call 2 days, 110 Fulton st. , " '¦¦¦'•'¦¦
GIRL wishes | situation; light . housework: prl-
-ivate family; references; no postals or letters
answered. 1022 Larkin st. 7- •-¦:':'¦••''.
COMPETENT dressmaker; cuts by tailor sys-
tem ; good c cutter • and i- fitter: dresses ' made
over; quick worker. :D.*, 1941 ¦ Mission st. ' -
RANTED- Situation as lunch * waitress. .Ap-
• ply during day. 748 Howard St. ¦ '
SITUATION ; in ' a rooming house or hotel by
an experienced ' woman. Box 3802.* Call. -.,,_.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
:'; cleaning. 14 Hayes st., near Larkln: florist.
A? COMPETENT girl wishes situation; house-
. work, cooking. 1217 . Mission st. . ' •
YOUNG girl wishes position as nurseglrl. Call
at 1723 Scott st.V bet^ Sutter and Bush;
A YOUNG refined German lady Is looking for
a -place -as-, housekeeper for a gentleman s'
family. MISS A. RADOSZEWSKI, 607 Syca-
_ more at.. Oakland. ¦. : .
GOOD dressmaker desires work by the day;
. also •: take sewing home. Please call at ¦ 2
Miles court, off California st., near Powell.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. v near Mar-
- ket-7-200 roonjs; 25c to $1 60 per_nlght; $1 50
' .to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
.bus and baggage to and from ferry^ -
CLASSIFIED, advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established • at 1096
Valencia st. . . "--->-.-. -' . - •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. :
ACTIVE young man of 24 with a few tools
wants place with a carpenter and builder,
¦n-lth opportunity to advance. Box 3005, Call.
TOUNG man 22 years wants position: assistant
- bookkeeper, shipping clerk, bill clerk or simi-
lar work;, has had experience;' can gl«s the
best of references. Box 3996, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced gar-
dener In alii branches; 14 years' references.
Address G.; box 3804, Call of flee. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED ma,n wants light work in
country; can furnish bsst of references. Box
?3805, Call office. . - 7 V 7;
F. M. JONES and JOHN J. NEWMAN, surgi-
cal and medical nurses: A.I references. Tele-
phone South 857; residence, 206 Van Ness-av.
I "WANT work; prefer watchman or porter;
can furnish references ~ and bond. BOAZ,
box nn.38, Call office. •-
STRONG young man. good education, best of
city 'references, wishes position of any kind;
good salesman and mathematician. Box
4000. , Call office - .
EXPERIENCED male nurse would like posi-
tion on private case; would take entire charga
If necessary. Box 3997. Call office. ;
A HANDY man wishes a situation in a hotel
In -city or country; furnish good references.
P. B., 317 Jessie at. ¦<
PAINTER, paperhanger and ; whitener, mar-
ried man, needs employment ; wages very rea-
sonable; Is steady; sober and faithful. . Ad-
dress F. H.; box 3«15,~Call office.; , ;
WANTED— Position 1 by - n steady. . reliable
I young man. light" work of any kind; experi-
ence as waiter in small restaurant. H. J.
H.; box 3810. Call.
BAKER, third hand,' wants 'position. • Box
- . 3814. Call of flee. . >. r .;\ ,\
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position In
cigar store, or will accept light work of any
•kind: salary no object. Box "S08. Call.'
YOUNG man 26 years i old wants* 1 position . as
stationary ' engineer and electrician; bast' of
¦ references; city or country. Box 3811, Call.
MAN will drive and care for one or two horses.
Box 3678. Call office..
YOUNG Frenchman tlesires a position as
waiter on table or do general work; Lest
references. Box 3812, Call office. . j-
CHINESE first-class cook wants position In »
high. family, city or country: first-class ref-
erences. ¦ Address 400 Dupont st.: telephone
John 1051; 10 to 12 a. m. and 3 to 4 p. m.
MAN wants employment who understands
horses, raising of poultry; can milk; at pres-
ent ' employed * good 'city . references. Box
¦..'{902. Call office. . 7
INSTALLMENT .houses — Experienced- man in
. curtains, portieres, etc., wishes • position . as
> salesman and stock clerk combined; best of
references; at present employed; could assist.
In purchasing, etc. Address box 3040. Call.
EXPERT; stenographer, •"¦ typist. . accountant,
gives two hours' service daily In exchange for
comfortable i bedroom and breakfast. Box
7402, ; Call office. . ¦
YOUNGman! who Is desirous of learning elec-
trical, and civil engineering would like posi-
tion with some good ' establishment. Box
3G09, Call office. -
GARDENING : 'and - general . work position
wanted by competent young. man; good ref-
. erences. > Address box 3933, Call • office. :
WANTED— By a professional nurse, £ a posl-
-, : tlon to care for invalid . or sick person. ¦ Box
¦3978, Call office. . ' ' .. '. '. .
I WANT to take charre ' of country property
for non-resident owners.' '. Box 3982, ', Call. :
POSITION as porter. ¦; wrapper , • or ! assistant
packer by March 1. Address N. LINTON.
435% .Minna Et. .-• ¦ - 7 '
JAPANESE wants a situation as first-class
cook; good references; city or country. -Box
4013, Call office. .-. :<¦
JAPANESE' wante position to do work of any
kind between 5 and 9 p. n>.' SMEi 38-40 Third.
JAPANESE. . good watchmaker, wants a posi-
\X tion in a good place. * 528. Dupont sUV
CLASSIFIED advertisements j and" subscriptions
.received at Call branch office. tV» Flllmore at.
A [ . BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions \ has been established at 1036
- Valencia st. --,-;>.¦ ¦:• v-7.- - - ...
$500,000 BONDS; (denominations $25, $50. $100.
$500, $1000) for sale; bids for ; our 30-year 5
, per ,' cent - gold . bonds will be - received till
. March 1, 1002; .- purchase : price < payable 60
days after - our - Telephone ¦ Exchange Is ; In
; '¦ actual - operation In .- San ; Francisco with at
.,-' least 6000 telephones In * use. ¦¦ No ' bids ' for
• . , less than 90 per cent will be considered. ' --• ;
PEOPLE'S. MUTUAL TELEPHONE; COM-
; ,'. -PANY, .7:7 y.. - 206 Sansome. st.7.
COMPANIES i Incorporated, 'promoted, . ; guaran- ]
¦ teed and financed; stock taken in payment I
'. for. services; good propositions -wanted: ¦ gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND :- INVESTMENT CO.,, U.S. licensed
> : stock : brokers, , 326 , Post st. y' ; 2- ':. -¦'¦*-"
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
.".. have 42 offices; in operation; new method of
.--placing ' stocks 1 and ; bonds; i companies | lncor-
,.;porated; stocks and bond!! underwritten.- Call
or address main . office.' 507-8-9 Parrott ' bldg.
(¦'/-: " '' :¦.'• / FLATS >TO' LET. '
A— SEE • A;V M.C SPECK & CO.. 067 Market" st.v^
> for swell now flats,': facing Golden Gate Park.
fA"— MARINE, •. view; 'new; 2922 Pacific 'Save.;
.sunny side; swell, locatlon;'8 rooms and'bath.
A— SWELL . new. flats." 5 i to. 8 1 rooms, just ¦ fln-
r< * lshed. , 50»-520 ; Frederick ! et. S near,; Stanyan.
¦A— 2922 PACIFIC ave.; view of Golden Gate; S
. ..- rooms, bath ; ', brand . new. ' r &9Hs9HUBttf tfSSS&S
UPPER fiat. 3 rooms;. newly; papered; $9. , 659
¦:¦; Jessie at... above Seventh.'.- r "^ j .-¦;:, -r.v.-;.
4 < ROOMS, ; bath," cellar and yard at . 312 UWal-'
.•¦.¦"-.ler, 8t.'---.v>;; 4 .- U'-- :.¦;>¦!«>¦:;¦:¦•* •¦-.'-?. .. - ¦ - '.'•¦ -. ";
$12— 4-ROOM ¦• flat, \ rears BZi ¦¦ Geary : si ; : furnl-
i^ture of game for sale.. : .- ::¦-;.-.'¦ ..:.r«.r-- : - - ; >
FLATS!} TO; LET-— FURNISHED.*^
ADULTS T only ; .: sunny j choice ¦ partly furnished
:-; flat. .- 076 : Golden ¦ Gate '7 ave. ..W --"'•¦.-,* : >
U.¥^ A^S/rORyS^LE~-FURNISHED; ',
NICELY . furnished sunny ! 8-room I fiat '. tar i sale.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — All who are sick or in trouble call &
consult the specialist; th« unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
' cases have been relieved by my. medical treat-
ment- free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature: all classes of femala
complaints treated :.relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured. 10 to SO days. DR. O.
' W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market at.; opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin* midwiffery cases: takes ladle*
before and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15: rm., board. $5 wk. ; infant*
adopted: will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth: tel. BlU3 4U.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specfallst:
30 years" experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants sdopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell St.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
at the old "office. 1228 Market st-: SO years'
¦ exp-erier.ee in obstetric and other case?.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladies' physician:
private home for confinement: babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 5
years" successful experience in S. K. Ma-
ternity Home. 80G Market st.. opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees. .
HINDOOHERB and MRS:' DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; ho ma
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR.. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. eppestt*
Union sfniare: all diseases cured hy herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engrines, 2d-hand machinery. M<--
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont st.
1 GEAR power elevator, all complete: 1 hand
power elevator, complete; boiler and engine:
pump: dynamo. II. S. WHITE. 130-132
Beale »t.. formerly of 516 Mission.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines. bciler3. water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
! BAR fixtures: big stock: installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Ealke-Ccllender Co.. €52 Mission.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust: condi-
tion and quality finest; cost originally $200.
for $00 cash; a beauty. Box SJW8, Call ojflce."
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
Wall paper 3c, Worth 10c: paperhangins, paint-
ing. Merigan. 13C2 Webster; tel. Jackson 1S21.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
GAS engine, 1 horsepower, for sale. Shirt
store, 635 Valencia st.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In itocJc.
BAKER & HAMILTON, j '
| GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. :- -
SAFES— New. and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler3
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ptc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 P03t St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhera
within 25 mllea of city, bos 3276. Call otac.
BIG prices paid 'or sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 484.
TILTON wants good second-han.' clotiiias ana
theatrical roods. 154 ,8th «t. : teL Jesate 2K-M.
mo^kv xo loan.
HERMAN MURPHY. CU3 Examiner building.
• 94.500,000 at lowest ratej .,
...... on first and second mortgages ......
.;......... Ufa interests in estates ..........
. ....... Property bein- held In trust .......
.... Undivided interests in real estate .....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money ....' „
BEE HERMAN MURPHY. 60.1 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
- $300,000 at 5% & & per cent In auma to suir;
. City, : Oakland. . Town end Country property ;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTXN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bids.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ""*
First, second and third mortgages....... ...
Undivided interest in real estate In probato. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elaewaer*
.-..,;..* R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per centi first,
second and thi.-d mortcagea. estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 1«,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGK E. OLSEN.
MONEY TO LOAN.
..$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates
; 1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages. . . 7i.T.". I
Undivided interest In estates. Insurance poll-
cies, furniture or anythlngr ilse
PACIFIC LOAN CO.. 646 Market »t.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY ' resoectablt private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. $44
Market st. ; teL Main 1644. Branch 10 Thlrt.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; confiden-
tial. WH1TEHEAD (Wilson's); 1710 Market.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos : no - removal ; any amount ;
lowest rates. BECKER, 027 Market, room 613. "
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal confidential.
ORMEBY.28 Montgomery st.opp. Lick House, "
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: moner
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
n.-re; reliable party.' 1170 Market at., room 63.
LOWEST rates ' on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. . Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
- $1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. L.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann'g bldg., 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r, 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned to salaried people on nota without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture' and pianos: $13 up; no r*-
moval. Thone Black 1700. Room 81. 8 Eddy.
Oi.. salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dls-
eounted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; n» removals
strictly private. LICK, lie McAllister st.
IF you want, a home I will loan you money to
bay It. A. E.\ RUDELL. 222 Sansomo st.
ON salaries- without indorser: other proposl>
tlons.' S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monev on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. SCO Phelan bid*.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca^-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada ona year for $t,
postage paid. _¦
MUSICAL OSTBPMEXTS.
A'- Factory Prices^ — W» are cutting price* be-
cause our new building and hall will not b«
finished as guaranteed by contractors, ,'vv «
• will have no room for stock for two weeks.
100 pianos of all different makes mutt b«
rented, stored, sold or shipped. We also
wish to show you how cheap a cheap piano
can be sold — new pianos, such as are sold
s>s bargains from J1S5 to $275. wa will sell
at $98. To give you a real . piano bargain
we have some In all makes, slightly used,
from $25 to $350.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary st.. opp. Union Square.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and , Includes ,the most reKabls
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $t> per month; somagood
Pianos far $•'«. $4 and $5 per' month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealars. corner
' Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: eor-
- . ner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of good reliable pianos that wa
are going to offer at very reasonable prices
has Just been received; no one can afford to
. . buy a piano elsewhere if the best piano fo*
the money la wanted t . Wlssner, Decker and
' " Baumeister pianos in all styles sold on pay-
ments If desired. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 7C0 Market st. .
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 POST ST. *
Sohmer, Byron -Mauzy, Lester. Spielmann.
'. Hamilton pianos; Cecllian Piano Player, best
In the market;, fine large -room for storing
' -pianos, $1 per month; pianos to rent, $2 pet
month up; new pianoa from $175 up: every-
thing warranted to be as : represented.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Recond-haml upright pianos from £33 up.
' Second-hand square pianos from 150 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upri*nt
. pianos from $175 up. BENJ. . CURTAZ A
6ON. 18 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerinx. Masoj
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling , pianos.
STOCK ot pianoa turned over to me to b« of- '
t ered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. S*Flood bl*
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Con<limcd.
Joseph btraub. ¦. 7*MBEpsS5BK0SES|
850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
• Property, Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ' : .¦.-.*¦
- - Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
Do you want to eell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
above address. . ¦ ¦ . '•-'¦'. ¦-
$1700— SALOON : best location, city front; ]
cheap rent: sale only on account of depart- !
ure. -Seo LUNDIN. 257 Fourth St., to-day.
JSOO— SALOON: best Jocation between Mont-
gomery and Kearny sts.: make offer to-day.
J. LUNDIN. 257 Fourth st. ' ¦- ' .
A — 5225; DELICACY store; good- trade; 2
rms.; rent $15. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A — FOR RENT — Corner cigar store; near Mar-
ket; rent $15. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
PARTNER wanted In manufacturing business;
must be good salesman; no large capital re-
qulred. Address 'H. I. G., box 3807. Call.
$100 WILL buy a profitable dairy business,
suitable for a lady; rent $16; a bargain at the
price. 175 Seventh st
CIOAR stand; elegant fixtures; cash register,
etc.. at Invoice; a bargain if sold to-day.
14 Eddy st. • . - . '..• ¦•:¦¦
RESIDENT representatives wanted In all prin-
cipal cities to handle a line of building spe-
cialties; applications from responsible parties
desired; state experience and full particulars.
Van Kannel Revolving Door Co.. New York.
IF you want to buy or sell a business of any
kind call at 135 Fifth St.. LOWE & DAR-
LING ¦ ---'.."
THE salmon cannery business is the most
profitable business in the world. If you do
not know this to be a fact call uoon our
' agent in your city and let him tell you about
It. The Interstate Fisheries Comnany. of
Seattle. Wash.. Incorporated under the laws
of that State, making its stock fully paid
and absolutely non-assessable, offer a limited
amount of its ttock to you at 15 cents per
share and say positively to you that the next
block ipoes at 25 cents. Look Into it at once.
INTERSTATE FISHERIES COMPANY, 302-
303 Pacific block Seattle, Wash., .or branch
office. ERWIN & CO., 1104 Market St.. room
3. San Francisco. Cal. » - .
A — $20 PER week on an investment of $25 our
¦weekly average for the past month In our
turf pool has never equaled ; dividends sent '
weekly; Investments from $10 up taken; cap-
ital withdrawn without notice: particulars
sent free. GROSSCUP & CO.. 1504 Market st.
! A — JO CIGAR stand*: prices '$75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $S daily; rents ?C to $123 month.
I can sell you a flrfet-class stand at invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building,
825 Market st. ¦
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st,. reoms 18 and 19..
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etcres, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
Merchandise business near city, -sales $3000 mo. |
Partnership; ¦ established manufacturing bus. j
Cor. grocery, delicacy, . etc. ; 3 r. . furnished. !
Restaurant and chop house, candy store, etc.
CAL. BUSINESS ASSN.. S65% Market st.
WANTED — Business managers of ability for
Consolidated Coal Co., stock sales dept.. in
leading cities of California. Address Con-
solidated Coal Co.. Pacific block, Seattle, Wsh.
SALOON — A small corner for sale; good stand.
Inquire at 143. Fifth st.: no agents.
OCR "Compounding System" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. 8. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
WANTED — Partner with $500 In good busi-
ness; money can be paid back in one month;
no experience; no risks ; Investigate. : L.,
room 218. Emma Spreckels building. ¦
WELL-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for
eale at very reasonable price: owner other j
business. Apply cor. Church and Clipper sts. i
ANY one wanting to buy oyster and chophouse |
or shooting gallery call and see me; too much
work for me. 523 Pacific st.
$150— PARTNER In good paving restaurant;
trial given those meaning business. Box 3930,
Call office. ¦ "
$100 — CIGAR stand: Third St.: receipts $6 day;
. big snap. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
$1000 BUYS the best paying small drug store
In the city; owner leaving. R. 11, 1170 Mkt. J
$500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; money-maker. C32 Market st.. room 6.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and {
subscriptions has been established at iOOtJ i
Valencia st. ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — Near the Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
$20C0— 45 rooms: two floors; new building; new
¦ ¦'.-. ' t - furniture; all. light rooms; absolutely
clean; the best house in best block; rent
only $1OO; sold with lease; a bargain.
$1500— A nicely furnished transient house north
of Market; clean; up to date; money
maker; nothing better In town, of the
* size; to be seen Is to be appreciated;
no cards given. :
$1350 — 24 rooms off Market; newly remodeled:
always full; rent only $65; guaranteed
to clear $100 a month (with 3 rooms re-
served) or no sale; a snap; no cards
given.
$1500— A well located, well lighted house In
¦ Western Addition; good furniture; quiet;
homelike place; filled with desirable peo-
ple. If you 'want something good see
this ; no cards given.
16000 — A new. splendidly furnished apartment
house clearing $300 a month ; the owner
keeps books and will substantiate all
claims; a business proposition for a
business man: this should look good to
you; no cards given.- .-¦-.'.
TO BUY." EELL OR EXCHANGE. .
Call on US
Any House Sold on Payments ,
18 reoms; near Sutter; clears $125. .....$1250
20 rooms; clears *125; payments ....... 1000
25 rooms; clears $140; only 1350
16 rooms; Eddy »t.; reduced to.....' 900
5 room?: flat; bargain :.... 200
22 rooms; Jd st. : clears $100; payments.' 1000
10 rooms; Jones st. corner; only.;.;... 275
12 rooms; elegant: offer wanted.
24 rooms; Geary st. ; payments ......... 2300
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300
6S rooms; corner: clears $400 3500
17 roomer clears $75; only •-" 250
J 9 rooms: rent $40; clears $60 450
13 rooms; very good; rent $50.....;...: 750
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.: phone John 531.
906 Market ,st.,' cor. Ellis, room 12..
A— McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO.. - "
09.'* Market, rooms 4 and 4A : phone Mlnt'2811.
Following enly a few of our bargains:
' 14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market St.; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only: modern building: must sell.
22 rooms; Howard: rent $52 60; only $S00. -
Money loaned at lowest rates.
WINSTON &. WOLF. .;......
1026 Market st ..... . . . 1 02« Market st.
. {Photograph Galley Entrance.)
20 rooms, rent $00; must sell '. . . . .$1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location... - 950
26 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter Et....... 1700
29 rooms, rent *75; offices; good. 1400
40 rooms, rent $75; see this 1700
We Have Many More Such Bargains. .
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, ¦• hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates. ¦'
Something new every day. \
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO., '¦• - : ;¦ " '¦
¦ 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. -
Rooms 21, 22, 23. . Phone . Bush 32S.
If you have hotels, rooming-hcuaes or business
to sell, list with us: buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains In' hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.- -
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market; phone Red 3433.
- Buyers for lodging-houses; call and, see our
large'llst. from $300 to $6000; fair and hon-
est trade; sellers .' list your houses with; us
for quick 'gale. ; . ' * ' ¦ .. :
25 ROOMS; well furnished; central location;
worth $3000; Rood selling reason: price only
¦ $2000;- present owners' future being assured;
part cash from responglble party. 3941, Call.
A — NOTICE — We., have- rooming-houses,' »a.H;
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL. & CO., 1200 Markt.
FOR Sale — Lodging-house; 8 large sunny front
rooms; Very desirable home. 1100 Van NeEs
ave.. corner Geary.
A— 22 LODGING-HOUSES for sale:- from $S00
up. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St." ¦
SPIRITUALISM. ~
A— C V. MILLER, world's famous materialis-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.; 18. p. m.; 50c. '1084 Bush st.
MRS. 1 3. 3. WHITNEY.: trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell st.:- Ellis, car. - -
MME. MAXWELL; meeting, to-night; 10c;
- convincing teets; readings dallv. 12.W How-
ard, st. 7:^3$&MAEflN£ " .'¦¦'.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllisters 10c;, come., skeptics.
MRS. .Harland's. circle to-night. Thurs.; Frl.,
Sun.. 10c: life readings. ¦ 50c." Si; 1:?2 - Sixth.
W. G.KEEGAN holds spiritual- meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission -,10o.. 148 Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings Vlaily;
phone Polk 1C01 : . vcance : Sunday , and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP : Hall. 335 MrAlIU ter— Mrs.' C. J.
. Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c."!
US FRAJf CISCO CALL.
BUtajTESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of llarket ana Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627. Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
"09 Hayes ttreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<"'¦'¦> IvIcAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
"15 l^arlcin street; open until 9:30 p.m.
ISSl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p, m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia- street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets- open until 9 p. in.
2200 FIHrr.<-»rp rtrp^t: open until 9 T>. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
C.VLIFORNIA Chapter No. 0. R. A. M.. • *
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_«k
IXG. February IS, at 7:30 o'clock. lK5f
Stated meeting and R. A. degree. ¦ By /^r »
order of the H. P. • ¦ ¦
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO. F. and ¦
A. M.— Called meeUng THIS (TUES- _4V_
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. }€y/\
Second degree. By order of 'W. M. . ' •
¦ EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M.— Second degree THIS (TUESDAT) .J^
EVENING at 7:G0 o'clock. ¦ Xjf
A. S. HUBBARD. SecreUry. /^T >
DORIC Lodge Xo. 216. F. and A. M. — j»
Officers and members of the above _#%_
named lodge ere hereby notified to at- /CyC
tend the funeral . of our deceased »
brother. WILL D. JENKINS, late a member
of Bellingham Bay Lodge No. 44. F. and A.
M.. Whatcom. Wash.. WEDNESDAY. Feb-
ruary 19, 1902. 10:30 a. m.. In King Sol-
omon's Hall. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Beulah • ¦
Charter Xo. S3. O. K. S.. are r *-
<3'jp?ted to attend the funeral of our
late sister. AMANDA BROWN. East **
«>rn Star ser\-lce will be held WEDNESDAY.
February 19. 1902, at 2 p. m.. at her late
residence, 512 Noe St.. near Eighteenth. By
order of the Worthy Matron.
HELENK SEEMANN.
ANNUAL nifeUnff Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders cf the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be- held at the office «jf
the company. r*27 Market st.. In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the let day of
March. 1902. eX the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and for
the transaction- of such other business as
may come before the : meeting. Transfer
books win close on Tuesday. February 18,
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received an application to mine by the hy-
draulic process from R. A Pemberton, in
the Princess hydraulic mine, at Igo. Shasta
County, to deposit tailings In Dry Creek,
srlves notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on March 3. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting Honolulu Plantation . Com-
pany. — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st.. in the city and
county of Wan - Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 26th day of
February, 1302. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board ,
of fl'.rectors to serve for the ensuing year.
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.-
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary IS, 1903. at 12 o'clock m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — KILAUEA SUGAP.
PLANTATION COMAPNT— The regular an-
nual meeting cf the stockholders of the Kil-
auea Sugar Plantation Company will be held
«t the office cf the company. 327 Market St.,
In the city and county of San Francisco.
State, of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th
4ay cf February. 1902, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
Beard of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the me-ting.
Transfer hooks will close on Friday, Febru-
ary 14. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
TRAVELING salesman for "Wyoming: side line.
FARRAXT Glove Mfg. Co.. 276-27S Valencia
St.. San Franc'eco. Cal.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES casf; future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor «t.
¦ATTORNEYS AT LAW. .7
R. W. KING, atty.i. Examiner building, room
€13: all cases; damages, estatcf, "will*. 'mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments', 'collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn: consultation fre»; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
all cases. J. M. THTJRSTON. S19 Market.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.,927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: tio fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Eichanje.
ALLEN is celling Eureka bicycles fast: «well-
e£t*h!ng out: agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries' and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546Market st..bet.8th & 9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care for 2 or 3 children; home com-
forts; playroom: large sunny yard; lowest
terms. 1607 California et,. above Polk; phone.
RELIABLE couple would like to board child";
best of references. 41 Julian ave., nr. 14th.
COUPLE without children wish child to car«
for; reasonable. B, box 3976, Call office.
A LADY would like a child to board; room for
parent if desired. Call at 632 Howard st.
HOME for 2 little girls. Protestant family In
Alameda County. W. J.. Call office.
A CHILD wanted to board. Apply 117 No*
street.
ZiOOEtS XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.,
A — $425; DELICACY and dairy produce store
on Mission et.; 3 living rooms; rent $20; daily
receipts about $25. Call R. G. WILKE, 2U^
Kearny tt. . ,
A — $750; OYSTER and chop bouse, surrounded
by leading hotels, clearing above (150 per
month and established years. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' /
A — $650; CORNER saloon on choicest part of
Montgomery Et.; place . paying; first-class;
good fixtures: large stock. For particular*
eec R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
$850— HOME restaurant and delicatessen etore;
2 rooms; rent $30; near Geary and Leaven-
worth sts.; a good paying business; rare
chance for man and wife. Apply R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy et. __^
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
on Hayes St.; rent $20; living rooms; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A-^J450; RESTAURANT on Fourth St.. doss
to Market; rent $30; good' paying business;
value In sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 2tj»,4
Kearny et. — •*,
A— $750: SALOON established years; dose to
Kearny and Bush eta. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny «t. . .
A— $450; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.: rent $25; dally receipts about
$25; owner to leave for Nevada. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — CIGAR stand: fixtures,' lease, good will for
*400; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $C00; COFFEE saloon .and restaurant: es-
tablished years;, first-class , paying; located
close, to Chronicle building: . bargain; call
roon. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. "
A — SALOON; close to Market; on Third . st ¦
well stocked; good fixtures; 2 yean.' lease I
this Is a bargain. ROHLFS CO. .41 Third.
A — STATIONERY store; close to large school;
good corner; $1900. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A— STATIONERY store in Mtaslon; 2 living
rooms; this is an old-established place; will
eell for invoice on stock; best of reason for
gelling; $5000. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— STATIONERY store in Western Addition-
fine corner; $1SOO. ROHLFS CO.. ,41 Third.
A — CALIFORNIA Hairdresslng College; . two
rooms nicely furnished; win stay. one week
with buyer. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st. ¦¦;.'
A— HOTEL with first-class bar; 67 rooms: cen-
trally located; best buy in the city $6500 .
ROKLFS CO.. 41 Third at. - - I?"?'.
FOR sale — The only brewery In a large county
about 60.000 gallons brewed and sold; could
1?* enlarged at small expense; large lot ¦ of
r, acres with good buildings; ¦ price $13 000
SANDFORD & VACHELL, 138 Montgomery
st.. S. F.
A — $250; PARTNER wajited; suited « to steady
young man satisfied . with $18 to $25 a week-
no experience required; trial given .before
buying. 25 Geary et., room 4. , .;
PARTNER with small capital; good paying
business. 136 Fifth "*sC-' 7i % . . . "TREASXJBY DEPARTMENT. /'J" ;
REMOVES , .TWO INSPECTORS
Commissioner at New York.
Other Accused. Officials Are Ordered
Beprimanded by the Immigration
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— The Treasury
Department' to-day concluded the investi
gations into., the charges made against
various : immigration inspectors . acting as
boarding officers at New .York. The in
vestigation has resulted in the "discharge
of two of the inspectors against ¦ whom
charges were preferred, 'Albert Wank and
Herbert Saxton.- Six other - accused of
ficials are to be"- retained in .' the \ service,
but the Commissioner at New ,Xork ihas
been ordered to reprimand them. r '--.
NEW 'YORK, Feb. ,17.— Edward R.
Thomas, son : of' General Samuel Thomas,
was exonerated from blame to-day by the
Coroner's -t jury which investigated the
death of 7-year-old Henry. Theis, who was
killed ¦ on , February 12 r. by . an automobile
driven by -Thomas. "¦ >
Exonerated' by Coroner's Jury. ;
-WASHINGTON, .Feb.*, 17.-The Senate in
executive session ', to-day ratified I a treaty
between the United States and Great Brit
ain,' extending .for .twelve months from
July 28, 1901, the time iwithin which Brit
ish colonies i or foreign : possessions may
give their adhesion to the convention
signed March 2, 1899, for. the -, tenure and
disposition of real and personal property.
Senate'; Ratifies the -; Treaty.
SUSPENDED BY THUMB
TO A HALIBUT HOOK
Fisherman , Is Hoisted at End ' of a
Cable Operated by. a Steamer's
¦"'¦-' ':'-¦ " Winch.
' VANCOUVER; B: C.,' Feb. 17.—Suspend
ed Jon, the' cable of a steam winch *';wlth a
large halibut hook through.; his hand, was
the ;; extremely 'painful -rpositiori in which
Ralph Thompson, a fisherman aboard the
steamer . Capitaho,. found himself .last
Wednesday, when ; the vessel .was working
on ". the ¦ northern ¦ fishing ¦ banks.'.'. Thomp
son is now under a doctor's, care; *¦
, Thompson was in his dory, : lying along
side the steamer and engaged in [ attach
ing -. the /catch of halibut to the winch
cable •;• that the " fish . = might be * hauled
aboard', the steamer.' ¦ Suddenly ¦ Thompson
screamed out f rom • midair- as j he 'was • be
ing jerked away, toward the ' masthead.
When the engine was stopped -,it 'was
found- that Thompson had,- been .'caught
by j a hook and was being : hoisted ' by - one
thumb. "/The : cable"was ¦ immediately - un
wound and ! with ' a great, deal . of ' difficulty
the hook .was . removed . from
hand./ It had- caught immediately . under
his : thumb. :,'¦::: ¦'.-. ' , ; . . . ¦< : •-
."Wreckage Off . Cajw> ; Flattery.
•:- PORT : j TOWNSEND, f Wash., Feb. . 17. —
As; a result > ot the ' recent storms ¦; some
vessel .rias "met ! a mishapf off ' Cape iFlat
tery, accofdihg to" the : - report brought here
by the steamship arriving : this
morning from, Honolulu. after .a" stormy
voyage. miles; off, Umatilla Reef
the -' Tamplco .v" passed '. , through '.- . a.- -t large
amount of I wreckage,' consisting of .lum
ber'and 1 lath.- principally: lath.'. The cap
tain of - : the • Tarhpico t believes some vessel
hasTlQst'her entire- deckload. ¦'¦- ...- .
Indians .Will f Locate ; a Colony.
. AUSTIN; Feb. ,17.-^A .dispatch
fromCMontereyrMexlco,, says:
tatives of ¦ the f Pottawatomie I tribe ; of I In
dians have -justipurchased: aVlarge. tract
of agricultural land -in tne State of t Tam
alpais;near TampicOjf Mexico,- upon which
they s will -locate a f colony .of "more than
three * hundred ¦ families , of,: these /Indians;
getting. 2 them *; f rom ; Oklahoma v Terrltory,
¦where .-they ; now- have I their , : homes.
Dailey^"Will Hang N"ext : Friday.
; SACRAMENTO/ Feb: ; 17.— The : Governor
has^ 'declined i to.. ¦'commute'; the 'sentence of
Isaac Dailey ," sentenced to. be hanged Inext
Friday. -in '¦ San ) Quentln: for : the i murder of
Lemuel- Metts: at Tulare. *
OMAHA, Feb. 17;-^OfHcial3 of the Union
Paciflc, road^have ; decided adversely to
the petition of the Salt Lake Commercial
Club to have that : road . build its cut-off
across the southern Instead of the north
ern end of Great Salt Lake. The final de
cision, has been withheld pending the re
turn to this city, of - President Burt. It is
explained by the company that the north
ern route will-cut off sixty-seven miles on
'the transcontinental, line, and that; for
this reason the road would not be justi
fied in running its main line via Salt Lake
The Oregon Short' Line and Central Pa
cific connections will continue to be made
at Ogden. v -
¦Will Shorten, the Transconti
- nental Line. ' ?
Selects the Northern Route as It
UNION PACIFIC DECIDES
AGAINST THE ; PETITIONEES
The- Senate then, . at . 4:47 p. m., went
into* executive session, and at 4:55 p. m.
adjourned.'. - : •"•¦ ' - "-¦¦..- --,..-
: To promote the efficiency of the revenue
cutter service, the., principal feature of
the.measurei being provisions for the're
tirement of revenue cutter officers ; \ au
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
give to : the Harvard University certain
colors, a silver cup. and a Nordenfeld gun;
providing- for the retirement- of petty^.offi
cers and enlisted men of the navy; to pro
vide for, the extension of the charters of
national banks ' ( Aldrich ,' chairman : of . the
Finance Committee, " explaining that the
mBasure extended no new -privileges .to
national .banks,, but simply .'enabled those
whose charters were about -to : expire to
rcngw : them); 'authorizing; -the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue to return bank
checks," drafts, certificates of deposit J and
orders for the payment of money having
imprinted thereon stamps to the 'Owners
thereof; ! to place Henry Biederbick,; J. . K.
Frederick/Francis Long and Maurice
Connell,, survivors of the Lady Franklin
Bay. expedition, on the retired. list of tha
army.-.: . .'.' ' '" ¦ . ' v '.-• „•; ¦•¦ ¦ . ;
The^ following bills? were also passed:
WASHINGTON, Feb: 17.— After an:, ex
tended ; debate | the Senate to-day passed
the bill establishing . a: permanent Census
Bureau. . The ' discussion related . princi
pally to the collection and publication by
the director of the, census of v statistics
respecting the production: of cotton. " Al
lison vigorously opposed the - provision,
maintaining that" the cotton -statistics
gathered -by the Department 'of Agricul
ture were complete and accurate,- and that
no necessity existed, for their duplication.
Despite his opposition, the provision was
inserted in-. the bill. - /-;- .
Director Is to -Prepare
• ; -Statistics- on iCotton , *
Production. >;
CENSUS BUREAU
BILL IS PASSED
•-PrQceeding,- he said' that his idea was to
unite examples and actual practice in the
American; control of the islands and he
believed that the result must be the up
lifting^ and the education of the pebpl^
to 'a point which would put them on a
plane far above that which is at present
occupied. ' • v .
did not 'originally favor the acquisition of
the Philppines and I was sorry at the time tha*
we got them, but now that we are there -I see
no; other way than to go on anfl-carrjr cm
the Rlan that I have euggestud. j .-. -„ .
- I may be a Mark Tapley in this matter but
If I did not believe that we would bring? these
people out regardless of the fact that the feat
we propose is to an extent unprecedented if I
did not -believe we would aucced in doing what
we are undertaking to do, I should resign im
mediately, and come home. :¦*:.' . -.-:--
Replying to Senator Rawlins, Governor
Taft advanced the idea . that on account
of. the fact that the lrtliplnos have for 30u
years been under, the influence of the
Christian ¦ religion they, would prove to be
different from other Malay races, and
that in time, under the influence of Amer
ican education, .the people might become
capable - of self-government. : He did not
consider the case as parallel with that
presented " in 1 India.^ He thought all the
difficulties of race and climate might be
overcome, but held that it would take
time and require much- patience in the
matter 0/ training on our part. He an
ticipated some trouble on account of un
due or illegal exploitation of the islands
and corruption . in - case of continued
American occupation, but he would not
on account of this danger turn the islands
back to the fate of an oligarchy so ioag
as' there is a probability of success, as
there is In this case. He continued:
Time and Patience Required.
Governor Taft thought' there should be
a declaration on the part of the United
States of 'its intention to hold the islands
indefinitely, with the understanding that
when "-tney- are" suitable for such condition
they may be given a quasi-independence.
Such a pronouncement ' by ' this country
would.be welcomed by many and. would
do much good.^Many of. the common peo
ple do not, he said, { know the difference
Detween^ independence, and dependence,
and many of the better-informed have noe
followed the agitation : for independence
to Its last analysis. Some of the agitators
seem,, he said, to count upon a protector
ate by the United States. If the govern
ment of the Islands should now be turned
over to the therAselvea there
would be nothing less than an absolute
oligarchy, ' they having no idea of -civil
government. ;
Fears the Work of Agitators.
I In repiy to questions, . Governor Taft
said he agreed with' General Funston t/iat
ttie establishment of a popular' | assem
blage would give opportunity to- i dema
gogues to stir up tne people, but that he
aid not include in this designation all.pei
sons who 1 , are opposed to American con
trol. '.There are, he said, many, men In
the islands who conscientiously .'oppose
the domination ' ot the' United States. To
grant i independence ¦ would, he thought,
nave* the erfect of . consigning .v the ao per
cent of uneducated people in tne islands to
the same servile position they held under
Spanish rule." ' - ..
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17. — Governor
Taft, in his testimony before the Senate
Committee, on ¦: the- 1 FblUPPines 'to-day,
stated more succinctly than he has/here
tofore done his theory, which he said is
also the theory of the Philippine Commis
sion, . as to what Congress should = do in
the way." of supplying the ;Phillppinie peo-_
ple>-witb a. form of government. Kls plan
is .'first, to give the people a qualiried sut
irageiWith a gradual growth in popular
government, 'wnich should be enlarged
mrougn education in -the American . lan
guage institutions; second, to Institute
witnm - a reasonaDly shori time a loca»
legislature, . to consist ot > two bodies, one
to'De chosen by vote and the other to be
appointive; third, to permit the isiands to
send two :or tnree. representatives, to
Washington. .... . . : ,
American Control, He Thinks,
- Will "Result in' Uplifting .
»¦• People.
Says Filipinos Are Not
fi Pitted to Gcyern
the Islands.
TAFT OUTLINES
THE SITUATION
THE.; : SA1tf..;^
11
/XT plani »o:d br us taKea back «3>- • tlms -i
with'i, 2 -itp.m and full purchase »;. .
lowe<j oi\ a r.*w pcer;»*« Knabe. at i-exniar
jrlee- you only JOe a <2ay to buy a piano
from'tJK. KOHLF.R & CHASE. ;50 O'i'arreii j
it.; ettabltdKdJlSSO- t
A KIRil'r"- failure to realize >mme«llate cash j
ha-.-* stored vrlt'i «» for advances !ot nt strict.
!y hlffb-prade new pianos: now for sale at an»
CO- easy payments: other Et->ra5»- up-ichts 5»i»
i!?'. WILSON'S ?torae«. 17S0 Market ¦«?. :
PMAIX uprisrjt. ?35: larsc cabinet Krar.d up- ]
riRht. $150; square pianos. SW up; A. P. J
<~am«-rcr. walnut case. almost new. $273. j
ilowers & Son. 23 5th Ft.. Ivers & Pond asts. j
OI7R plane? th'e leadinjr tna-ers ; price JlOtt up- j
ward- valuer beft in th^ city. FIERCE'-
PIAKO FACTOIIY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music fitore of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 001 Market 6t.
BARGAIN", great sacrifice; 2 uprights. ' nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister, j
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk Ft., near Market— i
KhoEir.cer. Schuljert and Steinway bargains. I
j-ERSOX leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
rj,ANOS. all makes, new or 2d-Uand. $75 up;
, cesy paymts. Fay's Piano I^ouse. 172!» Mi^sn
STILL rentinp new pianos, i'i per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 080 Hayes st
SUPERIOR x-iollns, zithers, old end new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathan place.
CHEAPEST and best >n America — Tne 'Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in ths
T.'nited States or Canada one year for SI.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent In Xzpa- — The large store
fronting on both Main and Brown streets:
the toeet located etore in Napi; now occupied
fcy Thompson, Beard & Sons; will be for
rent on 15th March. Address W. W.
THOMPSON. Xapa. Cal. j
FOR Rent — A nic« large apartment on East
et., between "Washington and Jackson; suit-
able for a restaurant; & fine chance: rent
reasonable. Call at once at 243 East st.
EMMA SPKECKELS bldg, 927 Market et; of-
fices with light, heat and Janitor, f 15 to $20.
ASHTON & GABDIXER. .
A FINE office room or portion of loft for
manufacturing purposes. Inquire fourth
floor. 14* Union Square ave. ¦ ' -
LARGE 6t_We and loft. 1615 Folsom Bt.. bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth; (15.
SUNNY offices just below Kearny St.: $10:
-Iso large store. Keys 636 Clay et.. room _.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing: SI per year.
OIL. X __ r|
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAIVTERS AXD DECORATORS.
RoomTpapered S3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d «t. : tel. Red 3521.
Papering room. $3 up: painting, whitening rea-
tonable. Painter. 5C2 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome, 1101 Market
et.; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
1IME. G. L. 3STEERGAA.RD reads 1 to i. 700
Post et., corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PIXYSICXASS AXD SURGEONS.
ABS<5_UTELT fSeE CONSULTATION— All j
diseases of men. and women treated success- I
fully. Prepare all 'medicines myself. DR. ;
FORDEN, No. 6 Turk st., corner Mason.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market s_: hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021H Market Et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PERSOXAL.S. i
---¦-'-- — - "¦•¦ """ --—— ~- .......¦< j
AN elegant line of remnants for cults to order, !
$18; with these suits we make an extra pair j
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install- j
rnents, $1 weekly: L-^LEMOS, 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
AT Newman's ticket office, 11 Montgomery et.,
you will find cheap rate railroad and steam-
ship tickets to all Eastern and Pacific Coast
ports and Nome. .Alfl^ka, T. A- Rigdon, Mgr.
1 WASH and dry your hair In 10 minutes with
warm or cold air. 60c; hair dressed, 25c. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton b_; store -open all -
day the -2d. . ¦ . -.
ELECTRIC Ught in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
_5c to U 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
Iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHT guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; . March pat- \
terns and The Desrener now ready. J. W. i
EVANS. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr.6th.
A— WHAT do you think O. HERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each; '
came as white shirts;- selectlc- 300 patterns.
INVESTIGATIONS of private nature; business
complications, divorces, etc.; secrecy and
promptness guar. ; con. free. Box 4012, Call.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley, 1702 Market, j
A school to learn hairdreEsing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market, !
bet. Polk and Vaa Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, f 2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING !
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton Et., near Broadway, j
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on !
Dr.G.B.Moore.832 O*j>Trell;send for circular, j
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair !
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter. :
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna Et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. Harris. 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.DT.&Mrs.Tr_verse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
htlr to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for eale by the AiVida" Company. 763
Valencia et., corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art gallery. Mechanics' Pavilion:
open, afternoons & evening* ; 10c: ladies free.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9C8 Sutter: teLLarkin3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Maequerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. ?7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
IjEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
CHEAP building lots in the Western Addition
only ?2100 each; well located, fine marine
view, easy of access, elevated and sitely;
payable in easy Installments that brings such
property within the reach of people under
" salaries; right in the locality where there are
costly mansions and nothing can be pur-
chased except for casn.
A corner lot in the Western Addition, where
residences and flats are going up ail around;
this would be a bonanza corner for a butcher-
price only $1250; street bitumenized. W." J.
GUNN, 530 California Bt. , i
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Broadway, or on any of the streets between
Van Ness av«. and Presidio reservation. XV.
J. GUNN. 530 California st. . \
COTTAGE FOR SALE — ROSS STATION.
$2709 — An tlegant cottage of 11 rooms and
bath, nice stable; an excellent piano, also mat.
ting, carpet and stoves co with the house;
best part of town; five minutes' walk from the*
station. Apply to B. G. HAAS, real estate
agent, E89 Parrott building, San Francisco.
JOSEPH STRAUB, — —
850 Market Bt., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and cold.
Renti collected,
FOR wJe — Nice, cozy cottage of 4 rooms, and
bam; lot 25x100; one block from Folsom-st.
cars; 310 Rutledge , ave.. near -Alabama Bt..
bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth;
price $900; on easy payments.
J9000— A CHOICE r>iece of property, corner, on
terminus of car line; grocery and bar, stock,
fixtures, house and lot. Apply at WEIN-
STEIN'S, Silver ave. and San Bruno ave.
NW. corner Haight and Flllmore: 150x137 H:
business corner. ASHTON & GARDINER,
411 Montgomery st.
$3500— LOT near Broadway; Pacific Heights.
THE MCCARTHY CO., CM Market Bt.
BARGAIN — 9-room house; modern improve-
mentE. 17J 1 Broderlck. bet. Bush and Pine.
FOR Sale— 28x84; double house; 1<J rooms and
bath, at ST6 Pine et., near Taylor. *
REAL ESTATE COU.VTRY— For Sale
-FOR SALE~NEAR SAN~FRANClicO^^
BvoaXl tracts, $60 to $O0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry end peneral farming. Apply
to Tb« Cotati Co.. 302 California et.. for
p*_cf tieti tad information.
BATE. WAT TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC^
' MAX FltAMl'IM«:o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ; .
IBAV* — j FKOM FEBRr/ART 9, 1903 '— . AR1UV3
~:O»a Benicla. Suisuu, lilmir* anil S«cr»-
»>«nu>... ......" S:3^r
. 7:OOa Vaci»illo, WintfiT, Kuiusfj «:B3?
- «::!l» \ M*rtiii«/, H;ui U.-iinmi. Vallojo. >'»p»,
«:»li3togn»!ul.S^nt:i Hum '. 0i25p
»:<»i>a DutIs, WixxIUiiil. Knlgnti Landraj,
Mwystille. <>Ti>»ille 7s35»
8:O«* AtUntfu Kxpran— Offdeu aud Kaat ' M:33a
»!««a. ?: Hen.. Lathrop, Stockton.... ;
»:««.« 2. iies. Mtmdcta, Hanforcl. -Visilia.
. rortlTTills -.......'....-..„ 4s33f
' 8:3i» a Sbaata Kxpf ess— Datis, Williams (for
• HarUett. Hi-rings}. Willows. Red
Bluff, PiwUhihI 7>53#
¦ iHOa Kali Juo«, Mtermoip, HtiieUtmi,
, lone. .'i»nr»»n-iiu>. riacptTille,
. MnrTKTillc. Cliico, Itml llhiiT -«:«5»
>»!.ti»» OjOuIuI.-. Clii»c»«.Soiior». Tuctumne 4sa.'»*
!»:««»» llitjw»ril. NilrSKud Way Sfaitiuus.. 1 Ii»3a
9tW4>A Vallcjo la>23y
U.-OOa 1/18 Ansoles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, lnttltro|>. Htoekton, UnieeU
Kre*u» »n«l Loa Anxutes 7:5.">*
Pi.1O« Vail,.).,. JlUrlliiAX mi.l W»r HUU.hipi 7:53f
" I OtOttA Tho Overland Mmilml— Ogdan, l.'eu-
V~. ¦ »er, Hni»h«. *.'lilci»S" •• rtsSS*
,tiioor (homiuMiii. irw »» tlf — im -._ |lli«u>
* Si»«r Itt-iiirin, Winters, Hucrmueiito,
Wdiiillnml, KnMlt.l )«UllillK.
M»rr«IH<'. OrniUlB..... in:33«
- 8:3»r Hajrwunl, Nilri ami W*j Stetlonf.. 7:33t
4:UUr Mnrtiimn, San lUiimii, Vnlle!»,
N»p». t!»llHH> K i». S«ntalJi>-a n-25.%
. 4:>»<ip Nilex, Liiermoro, Htockton. T.oill... IS M»
4:»»f lUywaril. Nil««, Sar,.li.i,e, Li»rmore |«:53*
.- 4:3»pT1i., Owl 1 imit.-.l '- Fr.«m,, Tillue.
' lUketsOeltt. Kaugim tnr Kim ta liar-
•¦.•-¦.-I-- ))*t%, tAiB An«i-!es ; S:55*
3n»«p Port Costa, Tracy, L»tbrop. Sf.ooktcn 1»:«3*
»:»«• r Martin* z. Antiocb, Stnckton, iler-
ced.l'reano la«2Sj
HHMtf ||, w «rar<l, NUeitaiKlMaii .Ii>«« »!»»•
JOsOin- V»ll«i» ...^ 11.334
HtO«tr Orlxnrnl ATsil— O|t1«n. Denrer.
Omaha. SI Louis. <;islc*co 4iS9v
7:<IOf Ori'iton »ml «!»lUuriiii* Kiprnm.Hiio. i
• mimmtii. ' MurjiitlllH, Uml<Iiii|r.
rmtlHiKl, I'.iK.a .Si»ui..» ami East SiSSa
Biti-irSaii Psblo. l'ork (,'o.u, Martines
'-". an<l Way riUttuns.... 1I:»»*
l>ttO5p ValH.,.. 7»»af
COAST III N 12 (Sarroir (iaaffe).
; •".."" < Foot «it>l»rlc»t street.) .
BjI.I* N*iWark,l.'<iiiti;r»llli',Maii.lii8»,Kfltnn,
>• , l;ouUorCriek,Mmit»Oiii*Binl\Vaf
> ¦'¦ huuom ....'.......: B»a»f
iail.tr Newark Oentertlllu. 8au .lone, New
' .. AliiiiKlnii, Kotton, l!onl<l«r Crn«k t
SauU t-*i« and Vrinoipal War - -
' Station HU.IHA
¦l.l.Tf Newark, K»u .lose. I.rmC.tos fS:3lU
«V.3up Hunters' Train -Ban Joie and Way
Station... j7.»0F
L OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS r&iSCUCO— Fmv tf K.rkot Strut (Slip 8)—
t1:15 »:0O ll;00».u. 1:03 3:00 - S.i3*.»".
fr»iaOUUH3_r»«t ifBrMiw.;.— tr.-.OO {!l;00 13:0»
!'_'10;C0«.m. .".'-18:80 10J t:Mr,».' " ' '
* COAST IilNE (Itroail <»nng«).
I ' ' (ThlnlmwI'TowMsetMrtito.)' ¦
«:M»a Saa .lose ami Way MtaUoun.........^ «>:4Oa
7:«Oa Han JiibbhimI Way SUliium fS>*»«A
/7t»w< Nnif Alnaden / 4ll»»
¦ittOA Coast lino Limited — San Jose,
l-tv"; Qilriij, Saliaat, Sar. Lni» Obiipo. .
Santa Barbara. I.o* Aneekl tnd -
> ¦¦- principal intermediate at* tioia . . . . I0:43p
Vi«Oa Han Jiwb, Tie* l'irjos. Smita t'riix,
- - - IN.-liic 4 Jn.»«, t<aUnaa. 8an Luis
! OWspo ami Prineii>ai intermediate - -
- - aut iuii» .. :............ «ii*y
' l»::iOASan Jcie and Way SUtlons..^ *iZ*k
; 1 IiSUa Han .lom ami Way MULiou* "J: IS*
! . 1*i l»p flan Mateo, RedmKxl. Mfnlo Fark,
[:..'¦' 1'ftlo Alto. HanU Clara. «»» .loie, ." . "
\\f Tre« Finos, Hanka Cirus. Salinaa.
, Monioreya.i.l I'aclHe Uxme fl««4S4
; 8i»«»r Han J()«b ami Way Stations. li**»
| -. tlslftp San JoseamU'riiieirtaJ Way .Stations Si30»
4 iS Or Snnset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
LV»*j, : . - d»ys, Fridsyn, for Los Angeles, El
Puo, New Orleans arid New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
• Thursdays 1».»3a
! {StOOrSan Jose, Lo* Gates and Principal
Way Stations. '. tt»:O©»
SiSOp San Joie anil Principal Way Stations 6:3«p
ff:»np8»n.loaeaml Way Station*.., ~-.:i9r
TiOOp New Orleans Express— Run Luis '
Obispo. Santa/ Barbara. Lcs An-
gsles. Demlng. El Paso, New Or-
TaansandEast 11:S«4
«Hi45rSau Jose ayd Way HUHong 7»3»
A for Morning. - P for A fternoon.
t Sunday exempted. * hnnday only.
eS»tS?3ay pnljr._ /Tuesdays and Frldayi;.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTESN SY. CO.
LESSEES
I SAN FRANCISCO AM NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to fan Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
! > 3:30. 5:10, 6:-oO p. m.. Thursdays^-Extra
• trip at 11:30. p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ¦'. '¦'-.;
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:00, llsOO a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p," m. -
' San Rafael t^ San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «: 10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10" a. m.;
. 12;45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. .Saturdays — Extr»
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ..
SUNDAYS— S:1O,,»:4O. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. ' _^ .
: . Leave \ In Effect 1 Arrive
6an Francisco. |Apr. 2S. 1901 [ San Francisco, _
Week I Sun- I I Sun- f Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am S:00aml Novato, 10:40am 8:40ara
3:30pm 9:30am -Petaluma,' &:05pm 10:l > 5ara .
5:10pm 5:00pmjSanta-Rosa. 7-:35pm. 6:20pm
'¦/~\ 1 ' - -". Fulton, - ¦ .- ' -r -
7;30am Windsor. ¦ 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:4Cam
'¦->' Lytton, • ', ¦'.' '¦
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, '7:33pm 6:20pm
7;30am 5:00pnr Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm| »:00am and_ Uklah. 7:35pmr driOpra
7:30am ¦ - - - - 10:40amil0.:25am
,c 8:00am Cuernevllle. 7:35pm
3 :30pm 5 :00pm I 6:20pm
7;30am 8:00am Sonoma 9: 15am j 8 :10am
and ¦ "I " . ¦•
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen EUen. j 6:0Spmt C:20pm
7 :30am | 8r00am| ' :- |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. \ 7:35pm| t!:20pia
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs;, ai
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for i Lyttoa
Springs; a,t Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs f at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsey-
ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
i Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley'a,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr*»
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, -Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Wllllts, Laytonville, Curamlnn r
1 Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
! duced rates. . _ —
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
! bl H. C?" WHITING, - R. X RYAN.
| Gen. Manager. Gen.- Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily. ~
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '
~~ ~ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20p-
Ar.: Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced-. . 12:25 p 1 :17 p 1 :3O a »:11 p
V Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ......
"Vlsalia... 3:39p 5:00a ..
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ...'...
•• Kan. City ." 2:4Oa 7:30a ......
"Chicago 2:15p ft.00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train U.the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. ' Chair Cat
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. daily.
.'4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. '
- 8 p. .' m. ¦• is the Overland Express. ' with
through Palace and .Tourist Sleepers , and
Free' Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. -samEMPMWVMMBPpPKCpHf 3
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In. San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
.responding train arrives at 8:40 a.m. dally.
.¦"'Of flee* — C41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, -San Francisco; .1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave - Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. ¦¦ Foot of Market St. •' San Fran.
4O5 p. 11:30a. ¦ ' -_?iw— i. 4:25 *¦ 5:5i> '•
-• >-f USf! ¦^ " kB^T^. . |5»5 r. ,
• .'.'¦' .' F»r«, 3»b rr>ncW« to Snnimit «nd Sttura. Jl »\ - .-
' < t ¦_ Cdkct OSca, til 1U&1CJSI ST11EII *ai 8ACSAUI0 TOST.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispoiisary,
G2O SEABKY SST. established
In 1S3-4 for the treatment of ITivata
Diseases, Lout Manhood.. Debility or
disease wearing on body and nilud and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wiiea
others fall. .Try him. -; «'harg«i low.
«'nr*«5O«raiilff<l. Culler writ*
Ur. a. I*. UIUSOS. tt»u ffranclscc. CaJ. '_ :
KATTiWAY^^rBAVEL.
NORTH PACiFlpllASTlES
. -^ . Via Sausalito [*trry
',' : •;. Commencing September 23, iftoi. ..
FROM SAN a F n RANCISCO .TO A MILL VALL EY
f EXTRA, TRIPS— For^Mill Valley and San
Rafael on - Mondays, /Wednesdays • and . Satur-
days at 6:30 and 11:40 p.. m.;,
SUNDAYS— -S:00,nO:00.'Ml:30 a. m., n:15
3:15 v»4:45, 6:30,. 9:30 p. m. • '
- Trains marked '(•) run to San Quentln. " '
FROM : SAN - RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO.-
WEEKDAYS — *5:2o, 6:27, 7:45, 8:35 101S
a.-ro., •12:25. 2:15, ,-3:35, 4:40, 6:30 pVmT ,
EXTRA" TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m , v
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 1*8:00.. •10:00, •11:45 a . m..
•1:40, «3:15,> 4:45, •8:30 p.:m.T.; ¦-.- . \ .
-- Trains marked (•) start from San' Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
L WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55. 10:30
ai -m.",- 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m. . , -¦ .
EXTRA -TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays'
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33, p. 'm. ¦;
• SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12;O5. 2:15
3:30,' 5 :00,; 6:45 p. m. ---. ;
- THROUGH! TRAINS..
'.. 6:55'- aZ'" ( in. •week idays— Cazadero and .way
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .. ,-' ' • •. :
.:- 8:00 ¦ a. m." Sundays— Duncan '. Mills and way
stations.- . ' '.-.,..-: ... .-
a -Legal ; Holiday boats ! and trains will run . on
Sunday time.
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS 3E? 5056
STROSMAYER Council No. 460, Y. M. I.—
. Brothers: You ,- are hereby* notified to as-
semble at Alcazar Hall,. 120 O'Farrell street,
. to-day. (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock sharp, for
. the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother, " Domenic Bradasich.; Wear tho
usual funeral- badse. ¦'. Fine • for non-attend-
ar.ee will be. strictly enforced. : By order of
-' ANTONE SOAR, President.
ANTONE PILCOVICH, Secretary.
SCHMIDT— In ' San Josei -'. February . 17. 10C2,
- Christian S..- beloved husband of Mary
Schmidt, and father of Mattie • M.- Schmidt, a
'¦ '- native ; of Germany,' - aged ".75 years and 14
.. days/--C ; : .,' , .-.- ':.- ..-. - ¦¦_-., ¦ .-¦ ,-j ¦ .-,;.?•, ..
! • C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Jnvitedto attend the funeral to-morn.w
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the- resi-
. • dence <, of • the family, 1 Magnolia ¦¦¦ avenue,
.'San Jose. '-Interment at Oak ; Hill. ¦¦ • .
S53ABERG-^In 1 thla -V city,,' February 1 16, . 190?.
Hed,vis : Caroline TSeabere,. beloved :- wife ot
Louia . Seaberc,~ and sister of • Johanna Toru-
. gren,- : a : native of f ' Sweden, aged ; 70 years 1
month : and , 22 days. : V ;.- : : .- .
-(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited I to * attend the funeral • services
.to-day . (Tuesday), .- at ' 2:30 ¦: o'clock,-,". at ¦¦: the
parlors of Craie & Cochrart' Company," 52 and
. B6 • Mint ¦ avenue. Cremation "at I.'-O. O. -F.
' Crematorium, 3:30 o'clock. • -
SMARAGDA— In this city.' February "17, 1902,
Nikito; Smarasrda, a native of Greece, aged
.75. years." '¦•-.:•¦ -¦ - . ' - -" ".' .', -'.-- «".''
¦ -. (E?"Friencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the f uneral . Wednes-
- day, 7 February, 19, 1902, at . 1 " o'clock, from
- the ¦ Darlors of ' Valente, ' Marini ' & .- Co., 1524
. • Stockton ¦¦: street, i tnence .to; Greco T Russian
" "Church," Montgomery avenue, between | Union
"and Filbert streets, for services. Interment
Laurel'Hill Cemetery.-' • ; .'..;.* ' .
SMITH— In " this - city, February 15, 1902,
Thomas . Smith, * a native of Missouri, aged
.70 years. ' - v. - - : - ;
SOMMER — In this city, February 16, . 1902,
". Peter. Sommer, a native of New York, aged
¦ •.'51'.". years and 6 . months. ::.- ¦ : > -;i
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully : invited . to * attend the ' funeral , t9-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen.; 228 McAllister street.
f Interment' Cypress /Lawn Cemetery, by train
. leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11 :30
- 7 o'clock. :- ... - .-.--¦-• . > 'V '
STEELE— In this city, February 17, 1902, at
• the City and, County. Hospital, John "G.
Steele, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 48
j -years. ;-r.*J . : • "¦ ' •• '- ¦':-¦ : .- •¦ :
STEWART— In : this city, February 15, 1902,
-Mrs. Ann Stewart, , beloved wife of the lat»
, J. C. Stewart,- and dearly beloved mother ¦ of
Mrs. M/ D. Holt. ; Mrs. J. D. Murphy, Mrs.
. G. Crossman, Mrs. -L.B.' Gordon,'. Steven: A.
and John C. Stewart, a native 'of Berwick,
England, aged 77 years and 15 days. \
C?"Frlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully. -invited .to. attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). : at 1 :30 o'clock. - from the • resi-'
' dence of her . dauKhter, Mrs. L. - B. . Gordon,
205^4 ' Guerrero . streat. corner-' Fourteenth.
1 Interment' Mount Olivet : Cemetery, by car-
¦ riase. •¦'.¦'.. ; '¦¦,.-':. ¦ "'. '• . .:
SULLIVAN— In Vthis city, " February 16, 1902.
- James J.. beloved son of John and the late
Alice Sullivan.; and brother of Patrick, Wil-
. 11am." Charles and Hannah Sullivan and Mrs.
¦ Minnie- Haserty. ..a native of Ireland,^ aged
37 years. 6 months an<l 14, days. - - :
C5"Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the ' funeral'-; to-day
¦ ' (Tuesday)," from. St. Joseph's 'Church, .where
la recuiem ¦:¦¦ mass will .be ,' celebrated for
the -repose : of.- his soul, commencrng at 9
o'clock.-. .'Interment -. private. . Please, omit
• flowers. . ' ¦*,'• - • . ¦
.WESTMAN-VIn . the City and County. Hospi-
tal, February 17,' 1902,' Edward Westman, a
native' of aced 21' years. : .
WILHELM— In East Oakland,' February 10,
1B02. at ¦" her residence, f 518 - East , Twelfth
' street," Mrs. EHse : Wilhelm, dearly beloved
mother Of Auguste, Emily, Carl, Otto and
Henry Wilhelm and Mrs."^T. M. Cox, a na-
- tive of Germany, aged 77 years 2 months and
- S. days. ¦ ¦ ,. . : ; : -"•-' r ; . - - ' ; ¦
. (C^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock,- from late
- residence, 518 East Twelfth street, - Oakland.
Interment private. ""-."- ' . ¦ ¦ . .
. ; (Wednesday),- at.- 2: 15: o'clock, from: her.: late.
; 'residence; 512 Noe street. ,: Interment Cypress
: Lawn .Cemetery, by. electric funeral car. -\
OFFICERS " and members..: of' Beulah/ Chapter
I S No:'' 09." O. E. S.; are .requested .to "attend . the
¦: funeral ' of pur late .sister,-. Amanda^ Brown.'
Eastern Star services; will, be -heW Wednes-
day, February 19, 1902, - at ; 2o' clock, at - her
-.: late; residence?," 512 '* Noe" street, ' near : Eight-
• eenth. : By ' order ' of the' Worthy Matron, . . - "
_...¦';.- ''-7 •'."¦¦•• HELEN '. SEEMANN-. : V
BlioWNINC-i-In .this", city. ! February } 15; 1002.
- Anna Elizabeth -Browning, a native of Eng- '
land,- aged i!9 years and 29 days, "i ... .
; '(C5*Remaihs at mortuary chapel of Golden
v Gate- Undertaking -Company, .2475 * Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
BRUN— In' this city, February 17, 1002,' Jean
. Baptlste Brun,.. dearly 'beloved husband of
.. Sarah K. \ferun, and beloved father of Albin
' and Isidpr • Brun, a native of the City of
. iLo'urent.'LirhoKe, State Hbute : Sienn, France,
• aged -75 years. -, • .' ; v . y--
CAREY— In this city, February 17,- 1002,
¦ ' Sarah ' Ann - Carey, [ beloved • mother.; of Mrs.
' Georgenla- W. - Thompson .. and I Mrs. • W; ¦ F.
" Hanley, and. dear 'erandma of Mrs. Theodora
- Sanborn-Murphy.-Mr.Fred V. S. Glidden and
, the I late Sandy Sanborn, : a native • of- East-
' port, " Me.;' aged 71 ; years 4 months-and 15
' days. (Chicago, . Los Angeles jand San : Jose
papers. please copy.) 1 "',.'. ¦ -
' .. C7"Friends and acquaintances are tespect-
'¦.; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
~N (Wednesday), -at -10:30 o'clock,. from her late
''¦'' home, 142 Eureka street, between Eighte'enth
v. and '¦ . Nineteenth. Interment Laurel <¦ Hill
'Cemetery..- • '' ;¦;•;'•¦. ¦ •
CARROLL-^In ¦ this -city, February - 15, - 1902.
Patrick, beloved husband of .Julia Carroll,
| and. father, of \ Mrs. A. i Andley; Mrs. W. ¦ J.
' Myirray,'. Mrs. A. H. 'Schafer, Kate " Carroll
and the late John Carroll, a native of County
Mayo. • Ireland, aged - 68 ¦ years. 'A' member
¦of Garfleld Post • No. 34, . and the Stonefinlsh-
ers' Union." •¦. ¦ ¦.¦;:.:- .-' .'.' -.'.'- --:
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day«
(Tuesday),: at 9:30 o'clock, from. his la,te resi-
' dence, 722 Stevenson street, off Ninth, thence
to •St. Joseph's Church, where, a* requiem
high, mass -will -be celebrated for the repose
.'• of his'^ul, commencing at : 10 o'clock. .- In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ; -- : ; .'- ';
COLE— In- this city, Pebiuary 17, 1902, John
.' R.' Cole, • a . native of Washington,- U D. ¦ C.,
aged 43 years. • t (Phlladp!phia and Washing-
ton. D. C papers please copy.) . . ;
•¦ : c^Frlends and- acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to -attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
' of-Halsted: & Co.,*. 046 Mission .street. . Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery; • ¦ • . : '
CRUTCHFIELD— In * this city. .February 10.
1902. Gladys, dearly beloved and only child
I of. Mrs. Soohle Crutchfleld,. and 'granddaugh-
- ter . o*' Mrs. • Richard Rivers, a.- native of
Stockton, aged 3 years 2 months and' 9 daya.
DABOVJ CH— In this . city, February 16, 1902,
":Hrtleria:Dabovich,..belov-pd rriother of'Stephen,
'.''.Sebastian and. George'E. Dabovjch, : Mrs. L.
Dabovich,- Mrs. '•• J.'- S. Rodoyich. : Mrs. S. Vu-
cosavlievlch and Mrs. M. Dabovich, a native
. .of Austria, aged-H years.. - , .. . -
f CRemains. of dececred will be.conveyed
-¦from the residence' o,'<< her daughter, Mrs. L.
. Dabovich, ' l|01— Greenwich .street, to : Greek-
'¦ Russian Cathedral-- -at/- 9: ,0-clotH, -where at
• Sfl :."0 - 0' clock divine - liturgy will be i offered.
Frier.ds 'and' acquaintances are 'respectfully
invited to- - attend r the funeral.- Wednesday,
February 19, 1902,. at 12. o'clock." from Greek-
' Russian Cathedral, corner of Powell street
' anil Montgomery avenue, . Interment 'Servian
, Cemetery,-, San Mateo County, ¦- by carriage.
GALVlk— In ! this city,- February. 17,' 1902,
Jeremiah' Galvin," a. native of- Killorglln,
¦'.County Kerry, Ireland, ae;ed - 52 : years.- A
' njember'of Cpurt" Defiance No.'- 23, Foresters
of America.' and-K.- R. B. : :. *
"*" ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
" '(Wednesday), ¦ -at 8:30 o'clock, from the par •
: lors' of. J. C. "O'Connpr Tfc Co., 767 .Mission
, street, thence to St.-.Patri'ck's Church, where
¦ a. requiem high mass will be celebrated . for
the r.eno'sa of his soul at. 9 o'clock. " Inter-"
/. meat' Holy- Cross : Cemetery. /.:.-•
GOODELL^In ,this city, ' February 17, -190*2,
Mrs. Sarah P. Goodell, widow of the' late N.
D. Goodell- of Sacramento, and '.beloved
¦mother of Mrs. H. C: Botsford/. a native of
Massachusetts, aged SC ; years. •> • ¦' -
Cyinterment at Sacramento on Wednes-
day. February 19,. 1902. - ,. • . ' - .
IRWIN— In Australia,' January 20, 1902, John
L. Irwln, beloved son of Mr.'and Mrs. Wil-
Mlam Irwin,"and brother of William and Ed-
- : ward: Irwin and -Mrs. .E. P. Levy.
JENKlNSr-lri thts- city. February 15, 1902,
, Will D., beloved' husband .of Emma J. Jen-
kins, and father of D. C. find Will D. Jr..
. Zula, Doris and Buda -Jenkins, a native of
Pekin, 111., aged 51 years 9 months and 25
. days." * , : '- '¦ • .' . ¦'.'¦'- ; : ¦ ,s . .
C^Frlends and' acquaintances. are respect-
. fully "invited ' to attend '¦ the . funeral Wednes-
day, February 19, at' 11 o'clock,, from the
Masonic Temple, corner, Post and Montgom-
I ery -* streets, • under the - auspices 93 of -Doric
Lodge j NO. : 216| '.' F. and - A. M. Interment
• Cypress Lawn Cemetery, -.by electric funeral
car from Market and' East streets. Remains
; at the parlorsof Halsted.& Co., 946 Mission
•street.' -¦, ¦"¦:•->'-. /-•'.•¦- 1- ¦ .'/-
KELLY — In this city, ¦ February 17, 1902,
] Thomas Kelly, brother/of Mrs. Martin Peter-
: "sen of . San Rafael and Sally Kelly : of San
Francisco,' "a native of San Francisco,' aged
; 34 years 10 months and«18.;days. . ' .' _;¦' "
LOUGHERY — In- this city,.; February !l7, 1902,
-'. at'334 Chapultepec street.'Mary.Jane, beloved
:. wife of the - late- -Hubert -Louehery, and
mother, of Frank, Joseph and Edward Lough-
! ery and Mrs. Dr. W. H. Roberts, a native of
County Roscommon, . Ireland, aged; 65 years.
McCABE— In this city, February 10, 1902,
Bernard, beloved. K son of Susan arid the late
," Bernard -McCabe, ' a, native of San Francisco,
; aged ..29 years, and A, day. .. .,v' . ¦•¦ "-
ETVThe funeral will, take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), "at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
.- of -McFadden.-McBrearty & Green ( 1171; Mis-
sion, street. ¦ thence to St. Patrick's ' Church,
where -services will, be held. Interment Holy
Cross -Cemetery. •-¦— . j - — •••¦•¦ —
MARKS^-In this r city, , February • 17, 1902,
Hymon, brother of Jesse E. : Marks,' a native
. of California, aged 35 je'ars. . - •¦•-.¦•¦.
.'-. [O'The fiiriera^ cervices will be held to-
day '(Tuesday), "at 2:30 o'clock, at the. par-
lors of. Halstedt &. Co., ; 946 Mission street.
Interment . private. Please omit flowers.
MEEHAN— In . this \ city,:- February -. 16, '1902,
'Bridaet, -he'loved wife of the late Michael J.
Meehan, -and 'mother- of M. J. Meehan, Mrs.
• P. H. ' Norton, Mrs.' Thomas SDlane,*. Mrs.
' John Qulnn and the late; P. L. Meehan. a na-
*',tive of Kings Counfy, Ireland, aged 83. years
and -.4 .months. ; (Ansonia, *¦ Conn., papers
' please cony.} " . '1 ¦'.
C^Frlenda .and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-morrow
-. (Wednesday).- at ' 9 -o'clock, from f her late
residence, 421 San.- Bruno • avenue,, between
Seventeenth. and Eiehteenth streets,- thence
to ' St; 'Charles Borromeo's Church.- -where a
• requiem high mass will be celebrated for. the
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
•• -'Holy' Cross- Cemetery. * .- / ' ' '
MONKS— In' this city, February 16,;i902, Mary
A. Monks, beloved mother ' of : Daniel and
•iKatie Bowej, "Mrs., ; A.'-.J. Hamilton, ; Mrs.
Linnie Marshall- and Frank Monks, a . na-
tive of . Pennsylvania, aged 68 years and 2
days.- - ' ' ' '- - '¦' - . <
C Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend the funeral .services
. Wednesday, ' February • 19, - 1002,. at 9:30
¦ o'clock, at the mortuary chapel of the. Golden
Gate Undertaking: Company, i 2475 .Mission
'street, near' Twenty-first.- Interment' Cy-
' ; press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from corner Twentieth and Guerrero streets
-,-et 10 o'clock.- ¦:..-;' •¦• .. - : '¦',.'
MURPHY— At ¦ Sunnyvale, February 16, 1C02,
Annie L. Murphy, beloved wife of Hon. Ber-
" ' na'rd* D.' MurrJhy, : and mother ' of Mrs. Ward
'Wright and' Evelyn, fMartin'-J., Elizabeth,
Gertrude M., Patrick W. M. : Jr. and Helena
¦ Murphy, a native of New York City. ¦'.•'. . ¦
• Friends' and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral ' from. St. Claire's
"Church, Santa Clara, to-morrow. (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock. Interment at Catholio
,' Cemetery, Santa .Clara. '.- 'j.'~V- ' '. ' '
MURPHY — In this - city, February ¦ 17, 1902,
Lbretta Anita, dearly beloved child of Edwin
W. and' Cassandra * Murphy, a 'native of San
.Francisco, agedj> days. ; , ; , ; \;
MURHAYr^-ln .", this,. city, ..February^ ,17, 1902,
«at Our Lady's Home', 33 Rincon' place, Han-
- : nah • Murr&y,' a> native , of; Ireland, aged 86
- -years. ""¦".,• .!.¦-".;'-'-¦'••'*"'¦ ',-'-". ".¦•"?¦-., ¦¦-
O'BRIEN-^A requiem high ; mass will ; be. cele-
- brated next .Wednesday, at 9 o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral,, for, the repose of the soul
of the late Catherine O' Brien, beloved | wife
' of Robert .>,; Friends and acquaint-
1 ' ances are; invited to "attend. - > -- • .. ¦ . y -.
OLIVER— In • this* city,- February 17, 1902,*
Nellie, - beloved ' wife of James Oliver, 'i and
mother • of Nellie and ¦ George Oliver,. a na-
! 'tive Of/Scotland. - , ;• • . '¦ < -
OSBORN— In ; Oakland, February 15,: 1902,
Frank If olsrer, beloved." husband ¦ of : Mary A.
i" Osborn,'- father of -Alice," Hazel 'and- Avis Os-
born.".- and ¦ brother of ¦ Mrs. . C. A: ¦ Wilsey," :
• Homer E. Osborn, Mrs. E.', W.'Tagaard.'Mrs.
¦ ;\V.- W.- Haskell . and Russell W. Onborh.j.a
- native of New -York, ; aged 52 years.' ¦ '
V ..(C7: Services- to-day at -the, chapel at Odd
• 'Fellows' Cemetery ; at 1 :30 o'clock. Please
omitiflowerH, '.'" . ''• • '-,' v ¦ -¦ ' ".- ."¦¦-."¦ ' .
PYNE— In this city, February. 16, . 1902; Annie
¦ Elizabeth, ; beloved daughter of Patrick ¦ W.
'¦;' arid : the late "Catherine Pyne,' and beloved
'- '•] alster of the late : Gertrude Pyne, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years. ~ ->-.¦ ,-.
b1 ' re? Friends- are- respectfully invItedHo'-'at-
¦" tend' the funeral 4o-morrow (Wednesday), at
8:15-0' clockp from ;the -parlors of James Mc-
; Menomey .&: Son,. 1057 /ilission street, t thence
¦ to St. - Paul's ; Church,; where ¦ a : requiem high
" mass will be. celebrated- for. the repose of {her
¦'." soul, ," commencing ¦; at '9 o'clock. .Interment
•' T :Holy Cross. Cemetery." :¦ . k < , "-.•;; -' y\
ROSCHMANN— In .-'Phoenix, V Ariz.,' February
:"; 15, ai)02.:. Charles, ; deariy. beloved- father gf
Ida'-and . Isabelle ; Roschmann,': a 'native s'o£
Germany, f aged '39 ' years 7,- months and ¦ 28
days. i-A^niember. of .Ernst von BandeKLodgre-
.-; No/ '3,'-;O. d.' H.:- S.,". and.- San Francisco
Schwaben;Verein. ;/-::_ ; . -
: --lE?"Friendfl and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1- o'clock, -¦ from. the parlors
- of H.vF.-Suhr»&Co.. .1137. Mission street
. between '¦-'¦ Seventh and . Eighth, ;i thence ' to
- ¦ Druids'- Hall,*- 413. Sutter street, j where ser-
vices will be held, -commencing at 2 o'clock^
Interment ' I. ; O.; O.; FV Cemetery.',. ' ':
RYAN— In," San : . piizo'.} February .'13,'; 1902/ ban- :
. iel, beloved" husband 'of late Mary Ryan,'
- ¦'¦ a native; of Ireland,' aged : 64 : years: •> - ' ;. ;
"" : -'.' iCyFrlends Jand ' acaunintances : are ' reapect-"
- ' fully - invited- to < attend • the * funeral -. to-day
:.-;'(Tues;c!ay).^at-7u30 o'clock, 'from the funeral
5 parlors, of iCarew;&-English.r- 29;. Yan; Nes-a
Avenue.*, thence to SL* Ignatius Church, ', where
',.; a ; re.auigrn. I hiRb > maes ..will'- be '.cglebrated- for.
; ' the ¦ j-cDOse -of -his. soul,,- commencing*: at "S
¦ o'clock. " Interment '; Holy .'. Crosa ,Cemetenr.-^ -
K»:AI. KS'I'.ITK OOU.VmY— For. Snip
A DrrSCRIPTIVE catalogue. !vjb.Hsh<>crwpe3<ly."
S frr^ lo'lioyt-rs and -sollers; .iccura-tely de-
BEribias all classes of country property, after a
!>fiTonal ' lnsnectlon. 1 : for.gnle and exchange by
__N. D. SICKEI.S. the Land Agent, 0 Geary^t.-
FOR Santa Clara Valley. San '.Tose an'd.Ppn'in-
rular uropertirs see \VOOSTER.\VHITTOX"
fz MOXTGOMEEV. C34 Market St.. S. F..- ar.a
San Jose. ' '.
P11OFITABLK orangre. lemon, peach and pruno
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. C Eddy st.
POirLTRV and rtalry ranches «11 kinds: send
ftanin fnr 'w ?i«t. P. R. -Wlnfield. Petaluma.
'ALAMEDA .'ADYERTISEMENTS.''
aIlamedX^property. for sale.
$SOO0 — 2-story and basement M-room house,
barn and chicken house; nice garden; lot
50-150;' on north side of San .Antonio ave.;
"short distance from station; will exchange
for San Francisco property: Apply to B G.
HAAS. Real Estate Agent, 5S9 Pa.rrott
building, San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADYEimSEMENTS
BERIvELEY REAL ESTATE.
505OO s-ROOM house; corner lot 451100; 3
blocks to cars; 5 courses of brick foundation:
all sewered: will trade for a. ranch of equal
value or will sell for $100 down, balance $20
per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
S2500— $500 CASH, balance- like rent: new 7-
room house with «11 modern Improvements;
corner lot 70x125: street work done; 1 block
to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
— NEW 5 or 6 room cottage; $100 down,
balance |15 per month; tiled sink, porcelain
bath, stationary tubs, " tinted walls, fine
mantel and sideboards, etc. "W. C. MORAN
& CO., Lorin station and Schmidt block,
Berkeley.
$3750 — FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms ; lot 50x
156; near U. C. grounds and electric R. R.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3300— THOROUGHLY well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
cor«er lot; street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2% blocks from . station and - 1
block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON,'' •;
Real Estate,
• ' ' - Berkeley Station.
PRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
>_N unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
'Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-bouse, pig-
eon cote, etc; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.: rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. Pr/RITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$350 CASH, $8 monthly— 5-room cottage; Al
•well of water; barn and chicken-house; im-
mense shade and fruit trees; 1 acre of 'fine
land; close to a fine schoolhouse, churches,
postoffice and several stores; an -ideal spot
and fine bargain for some one; price $1500;
i more land if wanted; city water and sewer
and 2 electric car lines ; street work - well
done; no fogs nor cold winds here; adjoining
East Oakland. Call or send for circular. 455
Seventh st., opp. Broadway station. Oakland.
Carriage-free. H.- Z. -JONES, owner.. ¦
"WE offer bargains in -dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda; for sale and exchange.
HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
E. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. . 1223
Broadway, near- Fifteenth st. ¦ • r ¦ ;. -
OAKLAXD ROOyS. ¦¦
TO responsible ¦ couple or a single gentleman,
large sunny parlor, furnished as a bedrpom,
2 bay-windows and grates; also single sunny
rooms. Apply 54J. Nineteenth st.. Oakland.
. OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. "^H?
ECHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st,. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.' ;
ARIEL and solar flats, 025 and 631 Turk^«t.;
first-class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL, The, 1773' Market— Parlor suite, kitchen,
gas range, $20; 2 side rooms, gas range, . $12.
EDDY, 921 — Handsome unfurnished parlors;
also furnished room for light housekeeping-;
also unfurnished attic for studio. . . ¦
ELIZABETH, 12—5 furnished, housekeeping
rooms; references required. - •
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200— Sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping. • .. - - .
LARKIN, 901A, corner Geary — One eunny front
room and kitchen. . , • , . - ¦
OAK, 119 — One sunny basement room; fur-
nished for housekeeping; stove; storage; $G.
.OCTAVTA, 1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room; double and single; kitchen If desired.
OLIVE ave.. 117, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, nr.
• Van Ness — Three rooms; entire first . floor
completely furnished for housekeeping; sink,
hot and cold water; bath, yard and base-
ment; furniture for sale at $100; rent $15.
TAYLOR, 108 — 2' nicely furnished connecting
rooms, camplete. $3 50 per week; run. water.
TURK,- 130 — 2 . unfurnished rooms for- house-
keeping, connecting, with sunny yard
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— Three
eunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat and
complete. '.,•,.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 100(1
Valencia st. - - •'¦*
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light . housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -.
EDINBURGH, 329 Powell, cor. Geary— Loca*
tlon most central; large well-furnished suites
and single front rooms as offices; modern im-
provements; electric light, etc. •
ELLIS. 321' (Mozart) — Nicely, furnished rooms,
35c. $1 f>0 night; $1 60. $8 wk; open all night.
ELLIS, 416, ' The Plerpont— Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; Bun all day; $35.
ELLIS, 1024 — Rooms to let with or without
board. -.
FOLSOM, 820, near. Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. • " " - .
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FULTON. 25. near City Hall— Furnished rooms
to let. - - - > ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ - ..
GAGE, 428 Geary-^-Changed hands; .sunny,
. nicely furnished suites and single; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family bouse; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate Vhargcs;.suit,slngle;elevat.
GRANT, 245— New bachelor apartments.'- ' fur.
or unfnr.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
1 HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly f urn. bay-window, hskpg.' rms. ; others.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Of flee or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite . or single.
JONES, , 305— Sunny furnished ; rooms; . phone,
gas, bath. . ' .- '¦ " ' " ". '
JONES, 402 — Nicely furnished rooms'; sunny;
modern conveniences; central location. ¦ .
LARKIN, 327 — Elegantly furnished- rooms 'for
housekeeping; also single.' -''..':
MARTINET. 1101 - Geary — Handsome' suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room ; $1 per week ; transient: '
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 . Market— Nicely, fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week-up;.35c a day, up.
O'FARRELL. 2.0 — Sunny lurnlshed rooms and
offices ; elevator: elee. lights ; day, . week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 1935-rElegrantly furnished' front
bay-window room; bath; gas;' phone; JJrivate.
POST, 835— Large sunny furnished room; bath;
' : 1 or 2 gents; references. ¦ - - .: .
ROYAL House, 126 E!hs-<-Incandesecent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms', per-nigbt,i35c-ta-$r50; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; -elevator oh ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water;, baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. : 28 . Eighth Bt.,'
near Market— Furnished • or : unfurnished. .
STEAM HEAT and. all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON, 332 — Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath;. phone. - - - '»' ' ' :
r ' rqoms.am) board. ,' j
• 51 KKEUITH,- -ZiS ¦¦ Turk— S uphy " front rooms •
'. electric lighte: hot imrcolrt water; modern;
j p tiifct-class board; reasonable; phone south .829.
LAMEOUKNE, 420 Eddy— High class hotel; fur.
suites or single; board . optional ; steam , heat.
CROCKER. The. 915 '" Leayenworth— Sunny
j . mis.; s)n.' and suites: ground and' tennis -crt.
! EDDY. 6»i,- The Irvldgdale — Sunny 'suites;.
I ¦ larga double and single rooms from $22 TO up.
JOHNSON. The.' C05 O'Fari-ell— NJce^home;
..good. table: spacious grqunds;. rates, moderate."
NIARA; 615 Taylor— Sunny : front and back
¦ suites ;' excellent board; terms • reasonable. .
¦ THE COKBIX. S3G -Sutter-^Fli-st-class "table '
' . board; terms reasonable. - Phone Folk .803.; .
CALIFORNIA, SO". (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
• family hotel; exceptional table; popular ;ratea.
2 SUNNY rooms, with board; first-class home
cooking. : 2215: Bush st. ,' ••; ¦;¦ ' - ' ! •'. .
i . . HOOM S AND flOARD %ASTED. -
j FATHER and y^miKTlBo^wanWioitnelike^TOO^
I and plain ward with neat k Protestant lady,
• near, nisht. school , or near .car Mine leading
¦ -thereto. Address S.. ClS-Larkin st. ¦¦"¦•¦-. -.
( - - : V_- ' ' KOOMS AVA>'i'lSn. .: * • "
1 LARGE sunny unfurnished, room; private
family ; rates. Box 3803. Call office. _¦.-...:
ruptureT cure—treatment free. ; •
,.. If .ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium. 1200
-¦'Market <t..- rooms B -and .6; hew, system.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ' .
BAD tenants ejected: for ?4: collections made;
city or country. l PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO:."* 415- Montgomery.- rooms 0-10; . tel. ¦ 5S80.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought,- sold, rented, ; ex;> repairing;
lowest rates ; phone Howard 3264. . 145 6th,; . .
ALL. kinds bought, sold", rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
STORAGE - AND WAREHOUSES.
p^El*a£5?olDol!pirin^^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713. . •
GOLDEN WEST -Storage Warehouse. 840" Mis-
sion St., ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840: - shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture 'Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson ' 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARailN^5^YP_rWRTTEW^We
sell better machines for less money than apy
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctorB:e«tlmate free. 209 Sansome.
' DIVIDEND, NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in, liquidation of 4 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the^ Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable. on
and after Friday, February 14; 1002." at 'the
of 3ce of the society, Mills building, : second
floor, room 28. •"'.'.* — r?-. '¦,¦:-¦.¦-:-.-:-.,¦
CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON, Secretary.
PROPERTY-OWNERS & CONTRACTORS.
HAVING acquired the Uentzell patent chim-
ney, 'I anr- prepared to erect It 60c a- foot up;
f, expert in curing smoking or faulty _u«t;
chimney tops, all descriptions, erected; con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and sidewalks specialty; brick "put under old
¦buildings; -having my own screws and timbers
I can do this work cheap and without obedi-
ence to labor organizations; estimates free.'
J. SMITH. 2933 Misglnn. or box 260. 318 BU3h.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
! The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . '". ... ;.
Max Flentge, 30, Marysville, Cal., arid Lulu
Fisher, 30. 1025 Post street. . -'¦ ¦¦¦':¦.
David E. Conrads, 27, 781 Sutter street/ and
Beryl Labell. 20, 828 McAllister street. '
Learrder G. Fisher, 37, Ashland, Wis.. /arid
Mary L." Ttttertington, I 33, -Los Angeles, Cal.
John Calling, 33, Victoria, B. C., and Chrie-
tina"~Pearson, 44. city. ' '• .'
Herbert S. Morton, 23, 261G Buchanan street,
and Flora L. - Muller, 21, 1115. Sutter street.
Herbert ,F. Arnold, 35, 2835 Laguna street,
and Ida B-' Peulecka, 23, 14 Bonita street.
Harry' J. Troy, 23, 310 Pacific - street, and
Nellie Gannon, 18, 651 Broadway. rr- .-'-'..-.".
-Wolfert W. Lyori,- 31, Mendocino City, Cal.,
and Matilda -M. Vanderbilt, 36, Mendocino
City, Cal.-. : \ ¦ -.',¦ - ' : ¦¦¦- :-.
•Fred "P. ->Suttman..-. 25. city, and Julia M.
Muller, 23,- Da vlsvlller Cai-.->- • - " -: ¦ ;
¦ Leander Cox, 63, ¦ 2255 Pine street, and. Sarah.
B. Bone. 35. 2255 Pine street." ¦ -:,'.-"
Johnson P. 1 David. 36, 503 Hyde street, and
Henrietta Lee, 34, 1063%' Broad w>y. '
.V/alter C. Allen, 34, "Washington, D. C.V'and
Alice .Mi Gilbert... 23, city. - . • - : ......:
Eueenio Paeta. 40, 1412 Powells street, ' ,axd
Herlenda L. Ybara, 22, 707. Greenwich street.
Samuel Wong Yung, 39; : 923 : ¦Washington
street, and 'Alice Choy, 25, 912 Washington et.
| BIBp-MABEMES-DEATHS. ¦
"Birth, marriage '.and ' death 'notices' sent" by
mall will not be inserted.' They must be Handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-,
sons authorized. to have the same published... :
QUICK— In this city, February 10, 1902,; to" the
•-.wife "of J. P.- Quick, :a daughter.,'
STUT— In ". Oakland. Cal., . Feb"ruary,-16," 1902,
to the wife. of H. Stut, a daughter. ...
.¦..';¦; . .MARRIED. ' 1
FISHER— TITTERINGTON— In this city "Feb-
ruary 17, 1902, by the Rev. Dr. 'John A. B.
. Wilson, Leander I. Fisher, of "Ashland,: Wis
and Mary Titterington of Los Angeles • *
ROBINSON— SPEAR— In this city, February
' 3 6, 1002, by the Rev.- • John Stephens, David i
• L: -Robinson and-Hattle L. Spear, both of
." San .Francisco; ¦-- ' . "-•¦ -. ;.' .'v---_-».
' ,; :¦ .:.„... . .:-. DIED.- -;. .:. \-.r..~-
. . Anderson, Nell' - • Murphy, = Annie .'L'
Brown, Amanda L. Murphy, Loretta A
Browning, Anna E. Murray, Hannah
Brun, Jean B. ~; O'Brien. Catherine -
Carey, Sarah- A. ' Oliver, Nellie
Carroll, Patrick Osborn, Frank' F.
• Cole, -John R. . . Roschmann, Charles
Crutchfleld, Gladys Ryan, Daniel ¦
Dabovich, Helena Pyne, Annie E.
- Galvin, Jeremiah ' Schmidt, Christian
Goodell, Mrs. Sarah Seaberg, Hedvig
Irwin, John L. Smaragda, Nikito
Jenkins, Will D.' Smith. Thomas •'
Kelly, Thomas - Sommer. Peter ¦'¦'
Lbughery, Mary. J. Steele, John G.
McCabe, Bernard " Stewart, Mrs. Ann
Marks, Hymon ' Sullivan, James J.
Meehan, Bridget Westman, ' Edward
Monks, Mary A, . - Wilhelm, Mrs. Elise
ANDERSON-^-Iri Alameila, "February 16 1902
NeU - Anderson.' ' a native of-'Denmark aged
• • «l;:years .2 - months and- 13 days. • ••¦-.¦ 7 .
ICTFrienflS and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. Tuesday
February .18, at 2 o'clock, from ¦ his .late
residence -at 2020 Eagle- aven«e. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery; Oakland.
BROWN— In this city,', at her home, 512 Noe
• street, . February 15, 1902," Amanda L., relict
• of the late IraBon C. Brotfn, and mother of
Nellie ¦ Brown, Felling, a -native of. Maine
aged 65 years. 2. months and 4 days. . ' '
. ¦ CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY". J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flarinajran' &' Gallagher )
\/ DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. ii'K
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
• 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.- -
. . ..-.Telephone South 80. ¦ . .
Mt. Olivet Cejrnetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS!
OFFI.Cb 916 M,*RKKT KTR'-P.t.
."¦':.. '-. -'- .'. ¦¦'•; J- HENDERSON, . Manager.
JN'EVV FIHM OHLliSDiirtTAKIiHS ¦
Samuel McFaddeh, 18 years manager 'for I
the United Undertakers' Association- M J I
, McBrearty, with. the same company, for IS I
years; P.. F." Green, late with.- J. -C. O'Con- 9
nor & Co., have opened new ¦ Funeral Par- I
lors at 1171 Mission- street, between Seventh 1
and Eighth. : Telephone. South 44;: |
' : REMOVED 2 W- : - ¦
/ncGiNN bros.. n vi 2
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 226 McAllister Bt. (For-
merly of 31 Eddy st. Tel. South- 252. V?.. "
• removal: notice. •
On 4 and after Feb. v 22,'l902,t we' will occudv
OUR -OWN BUILDING- at 1009 -Mission st
bet. 15th • and leth. TELEPHONE MISSION '
109. "CHAS. H.J. TRUMAN & COJ. Funeral
Directors and.Embalmers. •¦¦_.-¦-;•¦ ¦--,*¦
THE UNDERTAKERS AND GENERAL
public are .hereby notified that -the. price for
cremation at CYPRESS. LAWN CEMETERY
is now $10. •. . ' (¦ , C -;V ~. ¦> ¦', ' • . ;
Cypre^ \ Lawn Cemetery iss'n,
- - ' ' 1604 ' MARKET ' ST; ' \Only Reliable T Coal = Dealers
; Sell f .Tesla : Briquettes, ' ?9 '. per ¦ tori.' ¦ t Best ¦ and
'cheapest f uel ; for ; kitchen ' arid' grate.: "'. Phone ;
: Bouth 95 about them.' , ' y : '; • ¦
- TACOMA, .: Feb. > 17.— The . proposed chanre to
make , Cleelum, : instead ' of > Ellensburg, the ter
minus ' of . the 1 1daho ; and t Pacific ' division : of the
Northern Pacific has been reconsidered,' and tha
.terminals! will remain in Ellensburg."
To-Dav- and To-Morrow Oniti-
There .will be on ; sale 1000. ; pairs -ladles'
and : misses'^' fine shoes or ties,; Louis XIV
or, common '-sense heels, up to date styles
sizes 2% to 8, for 50c. ' ; Also 900 pairs men's
fine-French calf hand-sewed shoes for 75c
Theselare .the. remainder 'of the Richard
Pahl : stock and > are - worth , from : S3 50 to
$7.00 a' pair, r Richard' Pahl's former place
324 Kearny st. >¦¦ - ... . .. • '
' The Columbian Minstrel Company, for
merly the Columbia". Minstrels, have or
ganized with .the following .'officers: Presi
dent, J. Daley ; vice - president, Jack
Harris;.' secretary, ¦¦, George . -W. Yosf
treasurer; J.7F.; O'Connor; board of 'di
rectors— C. .: Brittain, ' R. F. ; Flannigan
George K. : Cheney, , J. , W. . Fisher, C Mc-
Aullffe;t business manager, F. A. Grimne
stage >: '. director; ; ; George ¦> K. . ; Cheney •
amusement, director, W.W. Brackett
The .regular, monthly. "entertainment : and
dance will take • place next Friday even-
Ing, at "Odd j Fellows' Hall. ¦ :¦•
ganizes and Will Give an En
*"-. • '--i . . t tertainment.
Local Amateur Organization ; Reor-
B-nba a Chinese "Woman.
While walking along -Washington street
near Fish alley 'last night the wife of a
Chinese . merchant had a valuable gold
pin snatched from her hair by a no
torious highbinder, who la known to the
police as "Slippery Tom." Emlle Coulon
of 8% John street witnessed the act, and,
summoning Sergeant -Conbo"" and posse,
caused the arrest - of the thief. "Slip
pery Tom" was charged with robbery.
At any rate , it is clear. 1 , that . the '¦ appoint
ment of ' their nomlnee-^ln' this* case— has not
been completed and he does not hold the office,
nor can he claim any • salary for - the i period
involved in - this complaint. . From ; the : com- >
plaint, conceding that - the allegations I are I all
true, which, on demurrer, - must ': be -. conceded,'
there is no '•'; de /jure ¦ officer entitled "r to the
office of "Justices' : clerk,"." for- It ;U- alleged
that Mr. Williams has resigned the. office.' j If
this -be so how-can it be said that an 'illegal
burden will be imposed ¦'. upon u any • taxpayer,
by the action of : the Auditor- in auditing \ the.
demand ' for :¦ salary of one who is. filling fan
office to -which no other- person..;- at u present
exist ine. can 'make . claim? ,i The salary is a
fixed , exnent"? ¦ of the • government . and? cannot,'
|i»''.«r t "* •»"A«--»l"Hr >.* ,' ,t^" i'' > Om n '' > j, r 't ¦":,**'>*
paid twice, for. there 'is no . person, i other than
ine '- one < uow . per tornunic - tue *., duties . of 5 mi
office,' entitled to . demand it. Under these
Duty of tlie Supervisors.
6lon to come from the Supervisors, and. until
the latter body perf ornr- the ! ministerial duty.
required of them by • the I statute the appoint
ment is- Incomplete. -.- Certainly the ! nominee of
the Justices could not - give • the band ; required
by the statute until his appointment was com
plete, and.' therefore, can- in no sense be -held
to hold the office until ¦ all of the requirements
of the statute have been complied: with. Tha
statute does not' permit the Justices,' indi
vidually; to . send names to '. the . Board of Su.'
pervisors, from i which such ' body may choose,
but requires them, - by a majority, to ¦ select
the person who shall flll . the office and : then
requires the Board of ': Supervisors : to appoint
their nominee. It seems to me that ' if > the
Supervisors fail or neglect ; to ; perform > this
duty a speedy and effective. means of securing
the performance thereof can be: had '.through
the medium of a writ of mandate direct from
the appellate court. . ;• . : '••:';'.¦';,¦*¦,£;" "'/"y, ¦"-<
the fact was made known by
the presence of nearly 3000 neighbors of
woodcraft, who assembled at and. in the
vicinity of the ferry building to give him
a woodman's welcome. As soon as It wa3
known that he had arrived • there were
cheers and the woodman's cry. Shortly
after S o'clock the head consul, accom
panied by Peter F. Gilroy, chairman of
the Falkenburg committee, and .Grattaa
D. Phillips, who were appointed a special
committee to receive him on the other
side of the bay, landed at the ferry', where
they, together with Dr. C. H. Bartholo
mew, head adviser: W. L. Temple, State
organizer, and T. M. Robinson were . In
formally welcomed by Mayor E. E.
Schmitz, after which the guest of honor
was escorted to a barouche In waiting.
Shortly thereafter the procession was
formed and moved in the following order:
Platoon of sixteen policemen, under com
mand of Sergeant Perrin, all Woodmen of the
World. . ¦
Band. s ¦
Grand Marshal John S. Paterson and the
following aids, mounted: ,L.W. Blankman,
J. M. Sauler, C. B. Bond, F. J. Comfort, I L.
H. de Courtier, C. H. Stocks, Captain -Van
Meter, M. Galllck, W. J. Blalsdell. Henry Hol
zenler and M. J. McCabe. \_ -
Golden Gate Drill Corns in uniform. • .
Golden Gate Camp. '• ¦* ¦ . ~
Carriage, in which rode - Head Consul Falk
enburg. Mayor Schmit^ Peter F. Gilroy, chair
man of the committee, and P. V. Coober of
Portland, Or., head -banker. The carriage, was
drawn by four bays and escorted by the
formed drill cores of Oakland Camp.'"';
Carriage in which rode W. L. Temple, State
organizer; Dr. Bartholomew, head adviser; .T.
M. Robinson and Grattan D. Phillips. ¦•..'
Redwood Camp, preceded by its uniformed
drill team. .. . -V ¦' , > ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ ' *
Mission Carno and. drill team.
' Western Addition Camp, with- Its drill "team
and its Oriental side degree team in grotesque
uniform: The members carried Chinese lan
terns and had a redflre wagon. ¦ . - j, :
San Francisco Camp, with lanterns. '¦ .•/'.:. V' 1
Hayseed band, an aggregation of members of
California Camp, in ¦ srotesque costumes, play
¦ California Camp.
Calumet Caim.
Richmond Camp. — ¦'. i
North End Camp, with flambeaux. • .
McKinley Cams, in automobiles.' ' ... .¦ ..
Haven Camp, with large Japanese umbrella,
decorated with lanterns. . .
FA. FALKENBURG, head
sul of the Woodmen : of the
World, arrived in this city from
O Denver, Colo., last' night, and
• ' -: CARROLL, COOK, Judre.\ '
One of the Justices ;: of -'the \ Peace an
n nced . u ? '¦ last •- evening, that -. they, would
abide J by.' Judge Cook's | decision until | ac
tion was ¦ taken \ by \ the ¦ Supervisors j and
that Windrowj would make no attempt . to
se ,jy e unless; appointed, by the .board. lib ,
Should the Supervisors : appoint the case
will go to a hlsrher ! court. >,!_•*¦; ';-.
circumstances, .whether the M *yor had or had
not. the power to ¦ make I a temporary appoint
ment, pending. the action of the Board • of Su
pervisors, Mr. FredrickB.-in my; opinion* must
be held, at . the present time, - to ; be a de' facto
officer. -: That , being so the Auditor cannot be
restrained from auditing his demand for salary
until such time i as : there ' shall be : a ; de jure
officer . entitled , to the- same, . i.' e. until such
time as the Board of Supervisors shall perform
the duty required of them by ¦ section : S6, Code
of Civil, Procedure, v •¦: 5 ; V : .:
!. Of course,; if l I am wrong in my conclusion
that section 1,- chapter' 7 >or . the charter Is
void, then the appointee of the Justices would
be the de Jure I officer," for no date ' being : fixed
for the commencement of the term," they would,
under the authorities hereinbefore cited, name
ly. 8 'Cal.'. -13;, 10 - Cal .7 ; 46;: 37, Cal... 614; ! 2
Wend.; , 27.V have the -power • even;:under :the
charter, of filling -the office. But counsel for
the - plaintiff, on , the • argument. X claimed, \ and
as : i - have ;• endeavored < to . "¦" show, ¦-¦¦ correctly
claimed, . that that ; section . of ; the < charter ' was
void., : ;:¦'.'¦:.:, ;-_>>;> ,',. .¦¦• ¦-,;.. , ¦'„¦'-..'-.
V For i the \ reasons stated • the - demurrer ' to the
complaint- must *,. be sustained - and : the order
to show cause discharged, and It is so ordered.
Ladles and Gentlemen: . The great" city of
San» Francisco is always proud - to welcome
distinguished men to its hospitality and friend
liness. Much as we .delight in entertaining
the princes. of commerce and of finance, to aid
in our v material : development— we. are espe
cially proud .to. welcome those who, I bringing
with. them no message of wealth or of capital,
are ' the heralds . and ambassadors of benevo
lence and of charity, of good-will and of fra
ternity. -. ¦ ... :¦¦. a ¦¦ . . ,--¦¦. ' ~ ¦
It-is therefore with extreme pleasure that I?,
as Mayor of this Golden City of the West, bid
you. grand '. representative! of the ' great order
of (Woodmen of the World, hail and warmeHt
welcome. The ! city/throws open its', gate :to
you and the other members of your prder, I and
invites you as ¦ a friend of mankind, freely to
spread ¦ the , light -of ; Its ¦ noble and splendid
principles in every nook and corner of our me
tropolis, and In ' the hearts j and minds of ¦ our
fellow citizens. 1 '. The basis of your magnificent
institution is charity; benevolence." universal
brotherhood and- patriotism, and whlle^we may
not be pioneers in • this line of social develop-'
ment, wo are ready with our symbolic axes,
After an overture by the band the Im
mense ' audience was requested by • Chair
man Gilroy to rise and all Woodmen
were requested to sing .the Woodman
campaign song, "Under the : Banner of
Woodcraft." It was sung with a : vim,
after which the Woodmen gave the dis
tinguished visitor ¦ the " Sovereign Camp
honors. Chairman Gilroy delivered a
short address,, introducing Mayor
Schmitz, who said: " : ,
Hon. F. H. Dunne. Hon; F. H. Kerriean,
Superior Judge Wells, Contra Costa County;
Judge A. J. Fritz.. Judge "Cabaniss, Hon. A.
B. Mahony. Hon. Harry Baehr, Hon. Franklin
X. ..Lane, Hon. John K. McDougald.' Colonel
Charles- Boxton. Hon. J Merton C. Allen, Hon.
E. Myron Wolf, Hon. Daniel A. Ryan, Hon.
T. I. Fitzpatrlck, E. C. Stock, , Hon. H. J. Mc-
Isaac, Hon. J. J. Let-men, Hon. A. Ruef, Dr.
A. ¦ H. Glannlni, '" J. ! J. McCarthy, the grand
marshal, his aids and. the, members of the sev
eral committees. .- . ;
Then the 2000 who were "in line and oth
ers filed in and filled all. the available
space on the ground floor. The visitor
and distinguished. members of the order
.marched around the hall* to the rostrum,
and during this the head consul was
continuously cheered bythe men, and the"
women and children waved handkerchiefs.
Vhe rostrum was occupied by the follow
ing-named vice chairmen: '
. The procession moved up Market street
to the Pavilion; the galleries of which
were crowded before the arrival. ,
Mayor Speaks Welcome.
Visiting came* from . Oakland, Sausallto,
Fresno and Alameda.
Beggars Get Six Months.
John Johnston, a lusty beggar, was con
victed by Judge Mogan yesterday and
sentenced to six months in the County
Jail. Sunday night he asked a quarter
from a young man at Sixth and Market
streets and when refused struck him a
violent blow in the face. John Sweeney,
another abusive beggar, also got six
months. ; .'«."¦¦
MINISTREL COMPANY
ELECTS NEW
After this the orchestra played "Amer
ica,'/- the/audience .rising, and; 12,000 peo
ple sang the words of the hymn. : .
The reception was. followed by dancing,
under the direction of Dr. A. L. White
and the ' floor committee, and an exhibi
tion drill by - Golden » Gate, Mission and
Western Addition .camps. ¦
In concluding r the head consul thanked
all the neighbors who had come to re
ceive j him . and : marched through the
streets to show their loyalty, . some of
whom having come 200 miles. He also
thanked- the vast -number- of strangers
for the most nattering ", ovation, not to
himself, but to ' the - principles of the or
der he represents. : - He also thanked the
organizers who: had followed out the in
structions-.he had given them, and gave
them credit for the great. advance; in the
caused of j fraternity, as represented by
the'.Woodmen of the World. . As he took
his seat -he -was greeted' with rousing
cheers and then the Woodmen gave the
cry:; ! ' \ .- ¦ • ¦ -¦-•/. '"
. Falky, Falky. he's all i high ;
We'll have eighty . thousand next July.
The order, he said, 'is patriotic, for
when the President called for volunteers
insurance companies , gave notice that
they would cancel the policies of those
who engaged in that war, whereas the
Woodmen announced by unanimous vote
and'every camp gave notice , that no neigh
bor would be allowed to become delin
quent because of joining . the army to
fight for Old Glory. He also said that
the Woodmen is tha- only fraternal or
ganization - that places a monument to
mark the last resting-place of each,.de
ceased neighbor of woodcraft.
The head' consul was introduced, and
after thanking the Mayor said that when
the Woodmen numbered 10,000 he felt very
proud, but that now when, after an ex
istence of eleven years, It numbered 70,
000 in the Pacific jurisdiction, which , Is
composed \ of • nine States," the aggregate
population of which is less than that of
the State of Ohio, he could not find words
to express his feelings. The order, he
said, pays $15 a minute each day in the
year, to widows and orphans, and since
its existence It had paid more than $3,000,
000 ¦ to beneficiaries of members who had
passed away. He spoke of the rise of
the order" and-, then said that in the
broadness, of its principles it had ad
mitted women to the benefits of the or
der and established the Women of Wood
craft, which has 28,000 members in this
jurisdiction.
¦Twelve Thousand Sing "America,"
Tou are welcome, sir, to this city by the
Golden Gate, for. the principles which your or
der represents; you are doubly welcome be
cause of the noble manhood of the multitude
of our . San Franciscans here, 'Who are your
brothers and. your .'.hosts; you .are thrice wel
come because of your personal distinction, your
•high position in. this grreat order, and the en
thusiasm and energy with which you are de
voting a large part of your time to the work
which will -result ¦ In . making better men " of
those whom you enlist- in your good cause.
During your sojourn with us I hope you will
have opportunity to , see much of us. and we
should like to see much of you. We want you
to carry back with you not only, our best
wishes and the expression of our confidence
and esteem, but also good Impressions of our
people, of our men* and women, our climate,
our products, our city and our entire State.
Mr. Falkenburg, so far .as I can deliver it to
you during your stay, the city is now yours. : .
For Principles of the Order.
earnestly and sturdily to hew the way for all
good men to follow in the footsteps of those
who proclaim the broad and liberal sentiments
of our organization.
Theodore Schucking, who was left $2500
by the late Adolph Sutro, petitioned the
Superior Court yesterday for an order
directing the. Sutro heirs, devisees and
legatees to appear in court and prove
their heirshlp, ownership or interest In
the late philanthropist's estate. An or
der was issued in Department 9 direct
ing the interested parties to appear in
court June 9 next and submit their claims.
Sntro Heirs Cited.
DETROIT. Mich.-, Feb.- 17.— C. R. Mains,
•who was arrested to-day at San Fran
cisco by the United States Marshal, was
the central figure in a sensation which
etirred the whole State about two years
ago. Mains, at that time, was one of the
most prominent attorneys in Battle Creek,
Mich., and was arrested on a charge of
conspiracy to kill.'
This conspiracy, it was alleged at the
time, was againEt the life of S. F. Hurl
but, an attorney of that place, who had
brought charges of perjury against
Mains. It was alleged that Mains hired a
man known as "Mollie" Maguire to sand
bag Hurlbut and bring him in an insen
eible condition to a place where Mains
•was waiting, and where he expected to
revive Hurlbut and by threats of death
compel him to sign a statement exoner
ating Mains from the charge of perjury.
"Mollie" Maguire was arrested and con
fessed the part he was to have taken in
the alleged conspiracy. Mains was ac
quitted of the conspiracy charge, but aft
erward was disbarred by the Michigan
Supreme Court.
¦ interest was aroused in police cir
cles yesterday by the visit to the city of
H. C. Davey, manager of the Century
Mining Company of San Jose, who report
ed that about four weeks ago a man
named William Bennett applied to him
for a ' position and was given work. He
resembles I in a marked manner the de
scription of the man who murdered Nora
Fuller. His brother has been In Davey's
employ for several years and is highly
esteemed. Davey does not think that this
Bennett is the man for whom the San
Francisco police, are searching, but. In
tends to give the Sheriff of Santa Clara
County an opportunity to investigate the
matter. ¦
Acting under instructions from the | po
lice the manager of the Morton Special
Delivery declined to allow an examination
of the express receipts for January, but
on a request went over them for a few
days in the early part of- the month. He
said he found several deliveries of lug
gage to the Graystone, but none that was
signed by Bennett. St. Amant is positive
that such a name was signed to one of his
receipts from the Graystone and it is
thought that police were given an oppor
tunity to examine the handwriting and
found the result so important as to war
rant them in returning to the quest for
the murderer among the January lodgers
at the Graystone. As the hotel is across
the street from the Popular restaurant,
where the murderer took his meals, it
would seem a probable place for him to
room. . ... • *
Unfortunately for the success of this
endeavor, the Graystone is not greatly in
sistent upon their, guests registering and
the clerks are not bubbling over with in
formation about the people who room
there. A search of the register failed to
establish that room 66 had been occupied
during January by anyone until the 22d.
Endeavor Not Successful.
One© more the police are turning to the
Graystone Hotel on Geary street and its
guests, registered and unregistered, with
the hope that something may be found
there that will reveal the identity of the
slayer of Nora Fuller. This renewed in
vestigation was set 'on foot as a result
of a story told by Louis St. Amant, a
driver for »the Morton Special Delivery
Company, who says that about six weeks
ago he delivered to room 66, in the Grey
stone, a trunk which was- receipted for
by a man who gave the name of C. B.
Bennett. The trunk was brought from the
ferry, and delivered about 3 o'clock in
the afternoon. It was taken in the'ele
vator to the office floor, Where the clerk
told St. Amant to deliver it to the room
mentioned. The occupant of the room was
at home and held a short conversation
with the expressman.
The affair made no particular impres
sion on St. Amant at 'the time, but after
the body of Nora Fuller had been found
in the vacant house on Butter street he
recalled the similarity of names between
the supposed murderer and the occupant
of room 66 at the Graystone. The descrip
tion I of the man who arranged to meet
Nora Fuller at the Popular Restaurant
coincided with the appearance of the man
who receipted for the trunk, so far as the
expressman could remember. Captain
Seymour heard of the story and sent for
the expressman yesterday morning. St.
Amant told all he could recall of the in
cident and detectives were at once de
tailed to ascertain whatever they could of
the man .who occupied room 66 at the
Graystone between the 1st and 15th of
January. . \ ', :>;;.,' •-:'. \!;;i
Seek Greystone Guest.
The suspect has not been taken into
custody, but the surveillance over him is
so strict as to amount practically to an
arrest. iMothing turtner will be done by
the .Placerville autnonues unless the sus
pect - should maKe. an attempt to escape
until the case has been thoroughly inves
tigated by the police department of this
city.
The location of the suspect and the
strict espionage by the Placerville officers
were unaertaken at the request of Chief
of Police Wittman. When the informa
tion waa received that the man had been
located and could be controlled both the
Chief and Captain Seymour were notice
ably elated, . but would not discuss tne
matter. From Placerville it was learned
that while no information could be ob
tained regarding the identity of the sus
pect the evidence against him was strong,
but entirely circumstantial so far as
known there.
What Is considered the most Important
development in the Fuller murder case
since the body -was discovered in the Sut
ter street house was the information re
ceived by the police department yesterday
afternoon from Placerville, a mining camp
iii El Dorado County, that a suspect
whose connection with the case seems to
be almost definitely shown from circum
stantial evidence had been located there.
Who or what this man is cannot be
learned. The police in San Francisco ab
solutely refuse to give out any informa
tion on 'the subject, and the anerirf of
Dorado County is equally reticent under
instructions from Chief Wittman.
\Y From the allegations of the complaint herein
It appears that the Justices of the Peace have
in writing, nominated and recommended a
Justices' clerk, but that the Supervisors have
failed, as yet. to appoint him. ftct that
the Legislature has provided by • section S3
Code of ; Civil Procedure, that the
Justices "or. a majority of them"
Ehall , make 8uch nomination and , , recom
mendation, to "• my mind; ¦, vests the < choice >; of
the ; officer in them, but requires > his coramls-
This beinz true, Mr. Williams at the time
of the suspension mentioned in the complalrt
herein was not holding the office or "chier
clerk" of the Justices' court, for no such of
fice existed, but was, by virtue o/ the pro
visions , of section 86 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure, holding the office of "Justices' clerk "'
to which office he had on the written nomina
tion and recommendation'of the Justices of the
Peace been appointed in 1899 by the Board of
Supervisors. Not holding the office of "chief
clerk," etc., he was never suspended from th»
office which he actually held, but did, as the
complaint herein alleges, resign his oijace. • .
Upon such reeisnatlon there ¦ became a - va
cancy ir. the office created by section 86, Code
of Civil Procedure, which it. became the duty
of the Supervisors to fill, on the written 1 nom
ination and recommendation of the Justices
or a majority of them. Where - no date is
fixed for the commencement of a term of office j
even though a. definite time for the holding of
it be fixed, a new officer can and must be ap
pointed by thi power in: which is vested- the
filling of the office— not the filling of a va
cancy — and the officer so appointed ia ap
pointed for the term designated in the statute
1. e.. in this case for the full two years from
the date of his appointment. • - .
People vs. Unedon. 8Cal.. 13." 12 and 20;
People vs. Whitman, JO Cal.. 46: People vs
Tilton, 37. Cal.. 614; People vs. Green 2
Wend.. 273,« et eeq.
The State sues for its del inauent taxes in
this court. It has more than . a mere local
Jurisdiction, and in my opinion, it being a part
of the State Judicial system, is in no sense a
"municipal affair," therefore, the charter sec
tion which calls for no bonds and in several
ways conflicts with this section of the code,
is void and must give way to the higher law
the constitution. •
In No Sense a "Municipal Affair."
Section 1 of chapter 7 of the charter of this
city and county, in my ODlnicn, under the au
thorities just cited. , imposes a duty upon the
Justices of the Peace and a responsibility
which could only be imposed by law, and as
the Supreme Court holds a charter not to be
a law, such section in so far at least as it re
quires the Justices of the Peace to appoint a
clerk Is void. Further than this, a clerk of a
court, being but the ministerial officer of the
court itsey. is a part of the .' court, -and the
Legislature by' law having established that
part, of the Justices' Court of this city ami
county, has created an office which is part
of the State judicial system and which, is not
a municipal affair. By a general law of the
State, section . 86 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure, it is provided that the Supervisors
"shall appoint a Justices' clerk on the written
nomination and recommendation of said Jus
tices, or a majority of them, who shall hold
office for two years and until his euccessor is
In like manner appointed' and qualified. Said
Justices' clerk shall take the constitutional
oath of office and give bond in the sum of
$ 10.000 for the faithful discharge of the duties
of his office, in the same manner as is or may
be recuired of other officers of such city and
county," etc.
Under the decision of the Supreme Court in
the case of People vs. Toal. 85 Cal., 333. af
firmed in the case of- Minor, 121 Cal., 2S4 it
has been distinctly held that even inferior
courts not by name mentioned in the consti
tution, with solely local jurisdiction, could not
be established by charter, nor could duties or
responsibilities be imposed by charter upon the
Judzes thereof.
(See also 84 Cal., 655; 69 Cal., 519: 73 Cal
507. and 8 Cal.. 85.)
Clearly, to my mind, officers so named and
designated, cannot be said to be but a "muni
cipal affair," whatever might be said of other
inferior courts established in cities or towns
by legislative enactment. Even if a "City Jus
tice," a "Recorder's Court" or a "Mayor's
Court," with Jurisdiction limited, might be con
sidered a "municipal affair," certainly a Jus
tice of the Peace, such as is named in the con
stitution, cannot. And the Supreme Court of
this State has held that even a "City Jus
tice," being- one of the inferior courts, not
named, but alluded to in the constitution is a
imrt of the State judicial system. . (People vs
Cobb, 133 Cal.) (See also McGraw vs. Mayor
etc, 55 Cal., 611, and People vs. Ransom, 50
From this it 'Is clear that Justices of the
Peace are a part of the Judicial system of the
State and have vested in them — co nemine by
the constitution itself, their share in , the Judi
cial power of the State, not of a mere city or
county, and are, by the constitution, included
in the judicial department of the State Gov
ernment. . .
Part of State Judicial System.
The Judicial power of this State, under the
constitution of the State, is vested in "the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, in
a Supreme Court, Superior Courts, Justices of
the Peace and such inferior courts as ' the Leg
islature may establish in any Incorporated
city, or town, or city and county." (Art. VI,
sec. 1. Constitution of California.)
The legislative department of the State gov
ernment has the power to pass laws. The ex
ecutive department may veto them and is called
upon to carry out such laws as have been en
acted. The judicial department, in Its sphere
is also supreme, in interpreting and applying
these laws and compelling obedience to them
where they are found to be valid and In ac
cordance and not in conflict with the constitu
tion.
The situation is a novel one and calls for an
opinion one way or the other, which can only
be founded upon deductions from other cases,
there being no case, directly in point, cited by
either side. In making 1 such deductions I have
used my best judgment and have reached a con
clusion which I believe to be right. If I am
wrong 1 there exists, in my opinion, a speedy
way in which the matter can be presented
to the tribunal which sits to correct my errors,
if I make any, which I hope. In the interests
of Justice and orderly government, counsel will
at once avail themselves of.
The reasons upon which I base my conclusion
are these:
Under our system of Government, both Fed
eral and State, there are three distinct and in
dependent branches, each supreme in its own
sphere, which together form the Government in
its entirety. With either gone, the Government
is incomplete. The fundamental characteristics
of the American national Government — as well
as that of each of the several States which
compose that Government — is its separation of
the legislative, executive and judicial depart
ments. This separation is the merit which the
Philadelphia Convention chiefly sought to at
tain, and which has always been regarded as
most completely secured by the constitution.
The demurrer to the complaint and the order
to show cause why a permanent injunction
should not Issue herein, having been submitted
to the court for decision and the matters and
the law having been fully considered, I have
concluded to sustain the demurrer and to re
fuse the injunction asked for. This conclusion
has not been reached without some doubt, but
it is the result of my best judgment on a mat
ter which — so far as any authorities cited by
either counsel is concerned — is without any
precedent to be followed.
The decision is rendered on a demurrer
in the case of J. J. Quinn vs. Harry
Baehr, Auditor, to restrain the latter
from auditing Fredrick's salary warrant.
The court sustains the demurrer and says:
«-- Judge Cook does not decide, however,
whether or not the Mayor had a right to
make the temporary, appointment. /The
court is of the opinion that upon Wil
liams' resignation it became the duty of
the Supervisors to fill the vacancy upon
the nomination of the Justices. Fredrick,
Judge Cook believes, may legally fill the
position until the Supervisors "do their
duty" and elect a man nominated by the
Justices. Joseph Windrow is at present
In nomination.
Superior Judge Cook decided yesterday
that the Auditor could not be restrained
from auditing the salary, demand of Powel
Fredrick, Justices' Court Clerk, who was
appointed to fill the position vacated by.
Ed Williams, at first deposed, then re
signed.
¦Believes Man Who Receipted "for
Trunk at Geary-Street Lodg
ing-House Was Murderer
; of Nora Fuller.
Jurist Believes That Supervisors May
Select for the Office Man Nom
inated by Justices of the
;.-;<;*. Peaice.';' 1 V's; -
Does Not Say, However, That
Mayor Has Appointing
in January.
Expressman Says Bennett
.Was at Graystone Hotel
The oleomargarine bill that was passed
by Congress last week will probably effect
the remedy that has been sought. By the
terms of that bill a tax of 10 cents is
placed upon each pound of oleomargarine
that is manufactured and colored in imi
tation of butter. This makes an increase
in the, cost cf production of 8 cents per
pound, the old rate of tax having: been
only 2 cents per pound. Altogether so
Secretary Saylor of the State Dairy Bu
reau figures, trie cost of oleomargarine
laid down at Santa Monica -will be so
large that there i3 an excellent cnance
that California dairy products will be
found not too high priced for the veterans
by a sympathetic Government, and the
farmers of the State will reap a corre
sponding advantage by. having the sol
diers' tables to supply.
A thorn that - has rankled for some
years in the mlnd3 of the Grand A'rmy
men of this State may now be extracted.
There is at Santa Monica a home for Un
cle Sam's, veteran soldiers. Heroes who
fought for the preservation of the repub
lic are there lodged for the remainder of
their days. While they have many com
forts it has always provoked the Ire of
their former comrades in arms that they
ihould be singled out from all the inhabit
ants of the State of California to be com
pelled • to use, in place of the fresh dairy
article. the greasy substance known as
oleomargarine.
The Standard Rothschild Oil Company
was another member of the four-billion
concern. The card of W. Scott Gifford
gives his address as London, Paris, New
York and Chicago.
Bennett informed Chief Postofflce In
epector Robert R. Munro of the attempt
to extort his gold by the painless process
and Inspector Munro caused Mains' ar
rest. The prisoner resided with his fam
ily at S132 Twenty-fifth street and came
hither from the .East a few months ago.
His ball was fixed at $1500, which he was
unable to furnish.
C R. Mains, who has been represent
ing himself as the agent for a "four-bil
lion syndicate," was arrested yesterday
by Deputy United States Marshal Morse
on v£. charge of using the malls with in
tent to defraud. Mains addressed several
type-written letters to Dr. Charles B.
Bennett at Wausseon, Ohio, offering him
¦ the presidency of the syndicate in return
for 53000 cash to be invested by Dr. Ben
nett in syndicate non-assessable stock,
guaranteed to pay 8 per cent per annum.
Bennett consulted his banker and his
banker informed him that Mains was
handing him a gold brick.
The circulars issued by Mains name
the following aggregations of bloated
bondholders as forming the syndicate:
Combined Bankers, Paris InX-estors, Con
solidated Roads, United Capitalists of
London. Stock and Bond Brokers. Oil
Investors and the American .and Euro
pean Capitalists' Syndicate and by their
Joint Actuary, W. Scott Gifford.
Oleomargarine Bill Gives
Chance for Better
Provision.
Interesting History of Man
Accused of Committing
Fraud.
Judge Cook Sustains De
murrer to Complaint
in Quinn Suit. '
Unknown Under Espi
onage by Authorities
' of Placerville.'
Santa Monica's. Grizzled
Soldiers Now Look
for Butter.
0. R. Mains Is Arrested
For Misusing the
Mails.
POLICE TRAIL
SUSPECT TO
MOUNTAINS
FREDERICK
ENTITLED
TO SALARY
LAW BENEFITS
THE VETERANS
BIG SYNDICATE
PROVES A MYTH
THE fiAN- FBAKUJSCfecALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1HO2.
F. A: Falkenburg, Chief of, Order, Arrives From \Dehver, and oxi
Streets and at Pavilion Enthusiastic Thou? anHs Shout/Welcome.
Multitude Loudly ) Applauds: Speech of Distinguished Visitor
CHEE RING WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
DO FITTING HONOR TO HEAD CONSUL
HEAD CONSUL, WHO RECEIVED
AN OVATION, AND GRAND MAR
SHAL. OF THE NIGHT PARADE.
12
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears*.
Wholesome soap is one
/that attacks the dirt .but
not' the living skin. It is
Pears'.
; Economical soap is one
; that a * touch of cleanses.
Arid this is Pears'.
Established over 100 years.
; , ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR A SONG.
! SEVENTEEN
FINE INSTRUMENTS
¦Sold Yestebday
; ON OUR FLOOR
; AND FOUR BY MAIL
Out-oI-Town Customers Given the Some
Advantages as Those in This City.
Just think of it! Twenty-one
instruments in one day! A rec-
ord never before attained by any
firm in this city. Why? Be-
cause people appreciate we are of-
fering reliable makes of pianos
at reasonable figures. Then, too,
we offer at any time within
two years from date of purchase
to allow full purchase price in
exchange for any other piano
you may select. Just think:
You can use the piano for two
years for nothing, then get a new
one. Our pianos must be good
or we would not dare make such
an offer.
We can sell you an instrument
anywhere from $137 to $650, and
every piano we sell, however low
its price, is reliable and fully
guaranteed by us.
i Bring a little money with you
— $10 to $25 down and $6 to $10
per month.
Pommer-Eilers Music Go.
653 MARKET STREET,
. , Opposite Kearny.
CREE FOR THE POOR. \
DUNTISTRy.
Open Sundays and Evening*. ''"¦?]
POST GRADUATE CLINIC.
3 Taylor St., Cop. Golden Gate Av«.
SEE THE POINT?
Of leaving with us. or having us call for.
your soiled linen, underwear, socks, etc.?
Well, the gist of the matter Is that we
do our work well, get the clothes clean,
starch and iron them promptly and return
them promptly without tearing them to
rags or making undue Inroafls Into your
pocket— a point well made, Is 'It not? No
saw, edges.
UNITED STATES~1?AUNBRY ASStt
Office 1OO4 Market "Stress .
Teleph»or»e)--Soxrtti 42O,
Oakland Offico-54 San Pablo Ave.
Weekly Can,$1.00 per Year
ESESEKESSHHHEEHHEEHBEa
ago ob
¦ A h
| Bunch of i
b Fresh 1
I California I
S Violets g
5 FREE g
| WEDNESDAY 1
B (To-Morrow), S3
¦ Opening £
£ Women's |
I $3.50 I
| Shoe §
¦ Department S
5 At S
S WALK- S
¦ OVER I
m — , , _ ¦ ' • • • ,'. mm
S Store, |
g 924 Market g
Of (Opposite Emporium) jg
s r \\<b /ilk \. H
3 \ m\ni\%
E ' TO LADIES: Q
Q Each lady visiting our store n
« Wednesday, February 19. will re- S
= eeive a bunch of fresh California £
h violets. At the same time we de- B
3 sire to show you a line of Ladles' ¦
M Shoes new to you and new to San K
tj rrancisco. If you eee them you - S
J* will some time buy them. If you m
w buy them once you will always buy B
IE them. The Bhoea merit your atten- B
B tion If you wish -stylish, serviceable 2*
»5 footwear. £•
S F. F. Wright & Son. I
BO OB
QBBBBBBBBHBBEK1BBEBBBB
¦BBflflBBBBBBB '