no_textnoise?" These habitues of the Iferary
afford infinite variety for th* art student,
and tha . art student la right on deck.
There he kits with bis tablet, screened be
hind an encyclopedia, sketching yonder
unconscious tramp. The favorite- seats
are around the stove— the dreas circle, as
it were. An English Count has a seat
here, though for all the world he looks
like a scavenger. Although 7 he has no
money, he is a real live Count fallen from
grace. Here is a chance for an American
title-hunting heiress to patronize home
! Other domestic high lights may be seen
from the following - requests: ,- "I want
•The Potter's Saturday Night.' My pa la
a potter and ma would like if he'd stay:
home In the evening. " : The little fellow
was given "The Cotter's Saturday Night."
Quite a domestic pow-wow was started
by a note from the librarian telling a man
that "She" had -arrived and \ would be
held for him. It took a great deal of ex
planation to make the .wife understand
that It was Rider! Haggard's ."She" 'and
not a petticoated she that would be held
for him. ...;•
fourth ch. 7th verse."
"Dear Miss: I hereby return the ln
clossed card, the borrower being my wife.
The reason . I do this is that I have the
inside track that our Lord is coming and
I desire to be ready ai\d have no bor
rowed books In the house, for in such a
day as you think y not he cometh. The
Fcrlptures are sufficient. See first Tim.
A scrupulous member writes:
"Dere sir: I .want or two. of the
very best selections from Aristophanis,
Aristotle, Cicero, Confusious and De
monsthenes—something soul stirring and
eloquent. I ask for only the book, chap
ter and page, and if you have time two
or three of the first words of the quota
tion to be sure I have the right ones.".
Corpus Crlsty," "Dante's Infernal . Com
edy," "Abraham's. Nights" and "Dickens'
Toothpick Papers" are specimens of what
have been asked for. A. little fellow
wanted "The Busting:; of a Chestnut
Burr," by: the same .man that wrote
"From Jessie to Earnest."
"I want that book about the man who
travels." "•'.!.'
"Is it Ernest Maltravers?"
"Yes, that's him."
* A . complimentary proof of the position
accorded by the small boy to the librarian
la shown by the fact* that he uncon
sciously calls her teacher. The librarian
gradually gets to know, the character as
well as names and faces of the -readers.
The readers usually have some particular
friend among' the assistants whom : they
• regard as a sort of father confessor, for
whom they wait and from whom alone
they accept service and advice in the se
lection of books. These librarians occa
sionally receive very touching notes from
their retainers. Here Is a specimen:
"Won't you please send mo a real nice
book, 'cause my husband is awful sick
and our doctor told me that sure he can't
live till morning and 1 want something
to keep me awake." / :
The librarian sent her, "A Charming
Widow." ' . ;
Here is a modest request:
The crumpled note that Johnnla brought
did not refer to any prospective literary
light for him. It said: "Will you please
give Johnnie that book on cooking called
'The Aristocrat at the Breakfast Table?* "
Another note asked for a book describing
a place where they keep leopards on the
Sandwich Islands. Another requested the
"Dramatization of the Reformation," to
be sent by bearer— "that's fur my wife.
Fur myself, . I want something exciting.
between the librarian and the children en
ables her to lift th,e boy's taste. If his
ideals are brigands and pirates, she Insin
uates on his attention "The Adventure
Series,", where fact and fancy are so dove
tailed as to defy cataloguing as history
or fiction. . Tact in its very essence is re
quired on .the part of the librarian to
bring about this change. The small boy
"senses" missionary work from afar and
h« resents reform, - ,
tentiveness is shown by the fact that the
mother seldom guides her child's mind.
¦Sometimes the' teacher sends a list. Chil
dren are dependent on strangers, and their
minds run riot iri the field of literature.
One mother brought her boy before the
librarian and complained that her boy
read dime novels all the time and they
had a brand-new encyclopedia at home.
' The confidential relationship established
When a young lady walked up and
asked for "Even How" ''¦¦¦ the \ librarian
thought for a moment.- Then she
looked up with a smile. "I think
you mean 'Ivanhoe,' don't you?" In this
way she guessed "The Red ' Badge of
Shame" meant Hawthorne's "Scarlet Let
ter." "The Revelries of a Bachelor,"
"The Miserables by Dumass," "Marlon
Crawford's Sequel," "The Love Letters
of an English Washerwoman," "Picnic
Papers by Oliver Twist," "The Count of
A girl was writing an article on noted
American women.' She "said she'd like to
start with the mother of' Ben Hur.
"Where could she find it?".
A high school youth wanted a medical
work called "The Anatomy of Melan
choly." . .
Symbols of science, the psychology of
animal play, the manufacture of hairpins,
the chemistry of wood alcohol, and the
law of property owned by an unmarried
woman were called for in rapid succes
sion. . - -
Next came an olQ man who wanted to
look at some illustrated architectural
works to find a picture of a circular
cupola.
Poor query man! Suff ranee is ,the
badge of your tribe! The next request of
the librarian was for a dictionary to find
the meaning of a bad name a man had
been called. He was going to sue the man
if the name meant what he taought it
did. The slang dictionary was 'given to
him and he went pretty well back and sat
down.
V
the French salon, of which there is no
record kept here. But here is a letter I
would like to get someone to answer." It
read: "Dear Sir: Last week I answered
an advertisement in your paper, and have
heard nothing since. Did the lady get my
letter, and if so why did she not answer
it?" V
At 4 o'clock a novel-reading band of
girls flock in every day. They read a
novel a day, and sometimes two. "Oh, I
dread the effect of so much romance on
these unformed minds," said the librarian.
"It will tend to make them dissatisfied
with their position in life. It will tend
to de-classify them, I am afraid."
To the type that say, "Couldn't you
pick me out a good book? Anything will
do," the "Pilgrim's Progress" Is always
offered and has never been accepted. An
old lady once looked the book over and
said: "I've got a copy of this home, but
it is in small print. I don't suppose you
would want to swap with me. would
you?" ' -:*"
Another type says, "What was the.
name of that book we were talking about
the last time I was In?" Just as though
no one had been in since.
Gratitude is a noticeable trait In these
people from the old men to the boy whom'
the librarian has helped wtih some ques
tion for his debate. A bright young boy
waited around the desk on his way out
till the librarian was at leisure. "Did you
get what you wanted?" she asked.
"Yes, ma'am, and I am very much
obliged to you. I want to thank you for
your trouble."
... "That's what lightens the labor and
makes you think you're not a machine."
It was amusing to see the old man Jump
and carry the bound magazines for tha
librarian and climb up after the books
that are high up. It was a questionable
though well intended kindness that
prompted an old graybeard to climb the
Jadder for a book. Tableau— Old man,
moving ladder, trembling librarian. Ha
finally came down safely with th© book.
"I would have climbed higher if you had
eaid so." he declared.
An indefinable mental bond exists be
tween the librarian and these people, for
whom she has to untangle somo"
knotty questions. She has smoothed tha
puzzled brow of many a one, and grati
tude sits in his heart.
. The librarian sometimes wonders If
there caln be a new question under tho
sun. It would seem that she had looked "
up information about everything; but
each rising sun brings It3 hitherto un
heard of question. Each has found an
answer up to date. Some not right away;
some have been left for a few days with
Jhe librarian, and she wrested -the an
swer in her moments of leisure from tha
library lore. A good librarian must be
superior to his tools, and a good librarian
must be the key to the whole library. His
qualification is not to glibly answer any
question, but to be able to direct the ap
plicant where to find the Information
sought; for had the librarian all knowl
edge and could speak with all tongues
he would stand a chance of answering
perhaps one question In the hundreds put
to him daily. . - ; ' .-.>"¦
As I was leaving a young man came in
and asked where he could, find the love
language of postage" stamps. He Insisted
that if a stamp was put on slanting it
would mean one thin* to his lady love,
and If It was put on upside down it would
convey an entirely different sentiment.
The library was ransacked, but If it held
the secret it would not give up the ro
mantic significance of the postage stamp,
and the librarian would be grateful for?
any information on the subject.
the paper is a wanderer seeking a posi
tion. He gropes down the column with
that uncertainty and lack of animation
which marks one who is thoroughly ac
quainted with despair and presumes not
on hope. He haa certainly tasted the cup
of want often enough to know the mean-
Ing of deprivation.
IWANT a book that would be interest
ing to a man 40 years old and wound
ed." That was all the data given to
the librarian whereby to judge the
man's taste. "Forty and wounded."
Perhaps he had been a soldier. Yes; the
young lady who was sent for the book
thougi.t he had. The librarian suggested
Shakespeare.
"Shakespeare? Shakespeare?" said the
miss. "Who is Shakespeare? Oh, yes;
give me Shakespeare. I know him. He
is a military gent."
"Where can I find out about the shirt
of JCassus?" asked a puzzled-faced
schoolboy.
Another wantsd the "R'syclopedia" to
look up something about oratory. <
"There's a girl in there who wants a
translation of the nineteenth century,"
said the boy who runs errands and helps
around the library. On inquiry it devel
oped that what the girl really wanted
was a. translation of the nineteenth chap
ter of the "Iliad."
"Now," Eaid the librarian to this little
fellow she had undertaken to train, "this
is the 'Iliad.' an old Latin book. See?
And this," holding up another book, "is
an English translation of it. What she
wanted was a translation of the nine
teenth chapter. All those books are over
there on the lower shelf."
" Yes'm," said the boy as he looked
furtively over to that lower shelf and
took the "Iliad" to the girl. .
"Iliad" didn't mean anything to him;
but he knows now and he will remember.
He is anxious to learn and will be very
valuable to us in a year.
Verily the librarian must have some
extraordinary qualifications — a ready
guesser, a walking information bureau, a
mind reader; but the greatest of these is
tact. '
A, day in the puuiic library is a chapter
in the life bock cf a great city, and San
Francisco, with its cosmopolitan herd,
affords countless opportunity for that
fathomless subject of human nature. The
librarian is like a teacher in a vast un
graded school; each individual has his in
dividual needs and peculiarities. I had
always thought cooks and librarians
were cross, and had attributed it to that
exactitude that is necessary in their line
of work. Exactitude makes greater in
roads on the temper than a work where
email errors are tolerated. In the case
of librarians 1 retract my previous suppo
sition. The- librarian abandons the idea
of controlling circumstances, but she con
trols herself under the circumstances. She
meets the college professor and the street
arab v.'here he lives.
"Here ccmes the prize question fiend.
He has a new question every day," said
the librarian. "We just found out that
he is the query editor on a local newspa
per. Well, sir, what can I do for you to
day?"
The query editor put on his glasses,
pulled cut a roll of paper and read:
" 'What is the per cent of color in an oc
toroon?' Thai's the one I am having
trouble over."
"Scratching pests are still used in Scot
land," said the librarian, evidently taking
up a question that had been laid on the
table at the last meeting. "And the
Bcctch still say as they rub their backs:
'Gcd bless the Duke of Argyle,' who es
tablished the scratching posts throughout
Scotland." And the librarian went over
to the index to find something that might
ihrov.- light en the color question. I de
tained the query man, for 1 was inter
ested in his bored expression, which
seemed to bespeak of research out of all
magnitude to the question.
I asked him if he would let me see his
list of questions. That list ranged all the
way from the chilblain cure to interna
tional questions. He was asked to decide
cases before they were decided In court.
He was asked for the best method of pre
paring pickled limes. "When was the first
white child born in Colusa and what was
its name? Can liquid air be purchased in
San Francisco? Shouldn't the bride's par
ents pay for the carriages at the wedding
or. is the whole expense of the affair to
fall on the groom? Please answer soon,
as the man wants his money."
"Sometimes I have to send away for an
answer," said the query man. "I have
cent as far as Rome. I Bent to Paris to
day to find out about certain pictures in
- "Say, my pa don't want no more of them
derelect stories.' He wants one tn our own
language." ;
/'My mother wants a book with lots of
Information In it and not. so much litera
ture, also a very exciting story of Bryen's
•History of American Criminals.' "
• In the juvenile department I heard a lit
tle new comer ask his friend, "How long
ken you keep a book out?"
"Well, if. "it's a bully book you ken
only keep it out one week, but if it's rot
ton you ken keep it out two weeks."
"Have they got 'Iyahhoe' here?"
• 'I dunno, but they've got 'Westward,
Ho.'" "
Crumpled, sweaty bits of paper are
often given to the librarian from the folks
at home. These notes rarely have any
thing to do with the child's list of books,
for one noticeable trait of parental inet-
Bend •Bugs that Infest Vegetable Life.' if
you nave It., and If not anything else that
you have that Is interesting."
The periodical room is the paradise of
the story fiend. Here^the hopeless . story
drunks congregate every day at early
morning, ' stay all day and come back In
tha evening. The wonder is when they
get time to eat- The aama crowd, for tha
most part, come here every day to do
their desultory magazine reading. The
regulars -have their special seats. If a
regular's seat Is taken he will wait around
till it Is vacated; then he makes a run for
it and settles himself for his day's read
ing. Sometimes they fall asleep and snore,
and the librarian has . to awake them.
They always declare that they have not
been asleep at all. One old man after
making this declaration to the librarian
immediately turned and said to his neigh
bor In an undertone, "Did I make much
A conservative who Is studying along
a special line of research works next to a
Chinaman, who calls fiction "small talk."
fit only for common people and women.
He scorns religious works of all kinds.
Mohammedan. Buddhist. Christian he re
gards with indifference. "No gpod," h«
tells the librarian. For him only strictly
authenticated facts fill the bill.
An old man moves from window to win
dow to keep In the sun.
A weazened old lady always brings her
newspaper to wrap her books in.. "For,"
she says, "folks always knows library
books when they aees them, so I Ilka to
¦wrap them up." •
The shabby-coated, gray-bearded indi
vidual who daily peruses tha want ads. la
The characters of the library! Their
name Is Legion. There Is the old lady
who comes early and stays late and reads
nothing but npvels. In tha morning sha
asks for the book she had yesterday. Sha
does not remember the story, but It was
Interesting. She cannot tell the name or
the author.
There is the old fellow who advertised
for a governess and set the public library
as a meeting place. Twenty-five came to
apply, while he sat back, unknown and
undiscovered, watching: them.
goods. Here Is all the chance In the worK
for reclamation. He la here In our midst.*
whiling away his days over the pages of
the Strand.
THE SUNDAY CAL;.
2
A DAY AT THE PUBLIC LIBRARYown- way and he followed It, He had a
property left him of something like $30,
000 and there was no need for him to do
anything but stay quietly. in school and
prepare himself to take cars ol bis money
to suit themselves. Certain it is that such
young ladies as Evelyn Carr and Gladys
Zolloer . and . Nellie Rowiin found a very
short cut to his heart. But as for favor
ites—he won't own to any.
he nrst made up a rast rnenaship witn tne
Judge, but now he is a grown man, some
where In the twenty-one-year-old vicinity.
He is one of those whom the Judge has
watched- grow up. • ¦ • y
' Most 1 of these boys, by the way, who
have grown up under his advice, have
had some vigorous arguments with him
along, the way: .They were independent
youngsters, 'every one of them, boys who
had their own ideas, aa to the managing
of incomes. The American small boy al
ways has, and although he is pretty hard
to-hold in, he is allthe better fellow for
the, reason that he has a way of thinking
out '.things for himself. So these young
sters who have - had a good many dollars
put into their, hands for spending money
have contemplated, investments that
would - have r been , more delightful : at - the
time than. satisfactory. later on.
There was one who had $9 to put : into
peanuts. It took a long argument to tfon
vince him that he. might- get more happi
ness out of the $9 some other way. An
otner, had a' penchant for pepsin gum and
he would have spent on It not only his
income but his principal if he could have
gotten hold of'it. -o v ' ;> - U : "
Then they have had their -ambitions,
which showed the -right spirit, but had
to be . curbed. ' Some of them wanted to
be sea ; captains and were for setting sail
on the next -vessel that left port.^Others
wanted to buy a store immediately and
a great ". many of them ¦ wanted ' to be
Judges. Their adviser had hard work im
pressing it on /them that it takes -time
to ' prepare zor an» of these thing*.
Poor little Georgia Schade was one who
could - not ¦ bear - advice. ¦• He thought ¦ the
world of the Judge, went to see him every -
Saturday without • fall, • but ; ha ¦ loved ¦ hi»
¦ Little Robert Longwill is "little Robert""
no longer. ; He was. only a small boy when
Florence Blythe was one of Judge Cof
fey's proteges. The estate passed
through his court . and might have
left him there if he had so chosen. But
he saw a chance for him to help one of
his "wards in chancery." The attorneys
for the estate wanted to , spend any
amount of money on Mexican mining
lands, and they would have neglected the
valuable Market-street property for this
purpose. It was through Judge Coffcy'a
efforts that they were induced to abandon
this Mexican land and look after invest
ments at home, and the result is that the
property has enhanced. In value to four
millions. If it had not been for his inter
est in his young ward he might have let
the affair go on as it was going. But Flor
ence Blythe was adopted as one of cho
Judge's Vfamily."- • * . • • . ' • -
Herbert is about 12 years old now— tall
and slender, with great brown eyes that
have a way of looking you clear through
while he is talking with you. Vera's eyes
are the same, but sadder. She is two
years younger than her brother, and his
especial chum. It is said that she ha3
more influence over the Independent
young man than any one older.
Herbert is heir to $75,000 and half of
Owlswood. the Corte Madera place, where
they live wth their guardian, and have
splendid times romping in the little for
est that surrounds the nouse. The other
half of- the place belongs to Vera, and.
$50,000 besides. The family allowance for
the children amounts to $200 a month, so
no wonder they look well supplied with
this world's goods. '.
They left their own parents when they
were almost babies, and they were still
small children when their adopted parenis
died.- So they are doubly orphans,, and
this is .all the more ¦ reason why the
Judge's big heart should open to tak»
them in.
Their guardian is J. F. D. Curtis. They
live with him over in Marin County dur
ing a large part of the year. But out of
sight does not mean out of mind with
Judge Coffey. He keeps track of them
and their interests whether they are in
town or not.
The Pixley children are two of the
brightest youngsters of the lot. The
Judge says that Herbert is as good com
pany to sit down for a chat with as any
man. Herbert and Vera were the adopted
children of Frank Pixley. They are
Oriental In type, and even when they were
wee mites their big, intelligent dark eyes
attracted every one. . .
much, although this was their babyhood's
home, so they have not kept In touch
with Judge Coffey personally as much as
many of. the others. But his advice has
always been in demand when weighty af
fairs were to be considered. He haa never
lost track of the interests of the estate
and he keeps an eye out for the good of
the young people who once came under his
charge.
long chummy talks. Some are grown ,
now, men and women; others'- are still i
children and young enough still to need a
great deal of the Judge's sound advice.
Although, for "the matter of that, there .
are none who have outgrown the need of
it, so they will tell you. Even though
they are men and women, they still go
to him when they are in doubt. It "is a.
pretty big responsibility for one man to
be the father of so huge a family.
He often has had to put a restraining
hand upon the spending of their incomes.
They have sometimes wanted to invest a
month's allowance In marbles or caramels
and it was the part of discretion to ad
vise them not to. The advice was not al
" ways gratefully received at the time, but
it proved of value when accounts were
turned in.
They have shown their affection for him
by sending him photographs of themselves
from time to time, showing him how they
grew and developed. On the back of
many of these is a name childishly
scrawled and accompanied by some affec
tionate dedication such cs "To my kind
friend. Judge Coffey," or "With the best .
-wishes of your little friend." These names
call up many cases that are practically
forgotten now and some that never will
be forgotten. •
One of the most romantic of the lot was
that of little- Naomi von Schmidt. Those
whose memories date back as far as the
Midwinter Fair can recall the story.
One day a handsome, well-dressed
young man took a baby to the day nur
sery, the creche, at thn fair.
He went to Miss von Schmidt, who was '
In charge of the creche, and told her that'
he wanted to leave the baby^ there for a
little while. His manner was natural and
did not excite any suspicion.* Other peo-'
pie were doing the same thing all the
time — that was what the creche was for.
So the matron received the baby and
accepted the handsome young father's
casual explanation all In good faith.
He was to be back in a little while.
"What the matron considered a little -while
slipped by and the. man did not return.
Perhaps he had elastic ideas of what a
little while was.
Finally it came to be unquestionably a
long while and no sign of him. The day
went by and the next day, and through all
the days that followed he never put in an
appearance.
But the *baby didn't care. She was as
plump and happy as a babf need be and
she kicked and. crowed and gurgled to her
self. She was very young-^-only about a
month— and she had not learned to worry j
about what was to become of her.
She was well taken care of. She was
such a delightfully ¦ grood-tempered baby
that everybody liked her. Miss von
Schmidt came to like her better and bet
ter and before she' knew it she was lov
ing her and she began to hope that the
father never would come back.
• He never did.
"Wealthy citizens became Interested In
the baby and they started a fund for her.
This gave her a start in life and finally
Miss von Schmidt decided to adopt her
and it was in this way that the young
lady. Miss Naomi, aa she was now called,
came to be in court. ¦ •'.
_She_had to be formally adopted by,
means of the red tape that the law alone
comprehends and her case was made
very important.
The mystery that hung around It Inter
ested everybody who read of j the affair
and the baby's prettiness added the zest '
that, prettiness always does add.
She has had all the good care that a
baby can want in her adopted- home, but
she <3id not forget the Judge who took
such an interest in her strange, little life.
She has been stanchly his friend and he
has been hers.
One of the largest of the estates that
children have been concerned in was that"
of Wed Crocker. . Mary, Jennie and Tem
pletion were the three children left— Mary
came into her property more than two
years ago, , when 6he became of age.
There were four millions of dollars to be
turned over.
The young Crockers have not lived here, ¦
Through the years that he has presided?
the children have sought to keep them
selves fresh In his memory. They have
•written him many little letters that he
cherishes; they have gone to him to have
Some of these children are surrounded
with the halo of romance. Some of, them
ere known to the public far and wide by
their wealth. But they have come to him
Innocently unconscious of all this; in
many cases too young to realize what it
was all about. .
That is, what he makes his personal du
ties, and those that he enjoys most of all,
too. He has taken it upon himself, to look
after every one of these children, to have
an eye out for the wise disposition of
their money, for their education, for^their
happiness. In his zealous Interest for
them he has constituted himself a sort
of foster-father, for the little people in
roer.y cases want sympathy and I guid
arce.
When his duties on the bench are con
cluded his personal ones are just begun.
- It is the matter of the infants that In
terests Judge Coffey. When an estate Is
left the court must settle it. In addition,
it must appoint a guardian for the chil
dren left This is as far as the require
ments go, but Judge Coffey never thinks
"f stopping there.
"The probate Jurisdiction is much more
extensive in California than In many
other States. The Probate Judge has th«t
exclusive jurisdiction of the probate of
wills, the administration of all estates,
as well as testates as of intestates, and
of real as well as personal property; the
appointment otniruardians for infants an^l
Persons of unsound mind and the man
agement of the property of such Infants
»nc incompetents."
It is one of the duties of Department 9
to take charge of infants who are left
elcr.e in the world by the death of pa
rents. "When an estate Is left this court
must settle it; A big book bound In calf
says:
These little heirs are the children of
Judge Coffey's court. It is the Probate
Court, Department 9, the court where all
the probate cases of this city are tried.
Most of the babies that are left heirs to
large estates must have their cases set
tled there, and in the eighteen years that
Judge Coffey lias presided ] hundreds of
these little people have come under his
Jurisdiction.
In the case of most Judges that would
have been the end of It; but it is different
with Judge Coffey.
He has made himself a sort of father
to ell of them. They constitute his fam
ily, so to speak, and he watches over
every one of them as if each one were
the only chick.
gLEAK HOUSE" in our midst— the
wards In chancery that Dickens
pictured for us. the great estates
and the Ion? suits and the little
heirs to big wealths — we have
them right here In San Francisco.
But even when he has turned
over their money he has never
turned over the children to any
other hands. He counts them his
"family" and he keeps up his in
terest in them even when they
grow up.
During .eighteen years he has
apportioned more than two hun
dred millions worth of property
for San Francisco. He has had
to look out for the children who
were left heirs to all this, appoint
guardians for them and their
money. As they came of age he
turned over their money to them.
At present he has pending before
him something over fifteen mil
lions.
and these little' people. It has
been his business to settle them
both, to assort them and assign
them to each other.
Two hundred million dollars in
estates — it is big money. And
hundreds of children — that is a
big family. Judge Coffey has
been in charge of the Probate
Court of San Francisco for
eighteen years, and in that time
he has handled all these estates
THERE is a man in town
through whose hands have
passed hundreds of. children
and much more than - two hun
dred millions of dollars.
No^d JlH"!si : WrV?
GUaw^d- Estates
200 MtiTtons
fOr*
ttfiridvQdz of *tir\\j
©n the Bench-
when the time should come. But the boy
has a love for business, for money mak
ing. It was born in him. He wanted to
get out into the world, to try his own
wings when they were such pitifully fee
ble little wings that they could not bear
him.
He bought papers and started out as a
newsboy.
Judge Coffey tried to discourage him
from this. He pointed out to him, that it
was unnecessary, that it was "for those
who needed it, that It was not the best
use of his time. But he kept to the work.
His story was the saddest of them, all.
He met his death. In one of our great
city buildings, one of our sky scrapers,
where the elevator shaft Is a terrrlbly
deep well. Georgia was in the building on
his paper route. He was hurrying in hla
energetic way when the accident hap
pened. The fall was a merciful one in
that it meant death instead of a life or
suffering.
The two Isaacs children have clun*
more closely to the Judge than any of the
others. Their father and mother both
died leaving considerable property to
them. They have taken endless confes
sions and bothers and joys to him, all
for his safekeeping.
Little Mignon Heloise ilagtnnls is ona
of the children who have no estate to bo
troubled by. Her case -was one of adop
tion. Judging from her picture, she is
quite as well satisfied without a fortune
and without parents as if she had them.
The two McCarthy boys were sturdy
youngsters that Judge Coffey felt as much
ambition for as he might for his own.
It is hard t«j tell ¦whether he likes boys
for whom he can day-dream a career as
well as he does little girls who come to
him with all the wiles of their sex— the
Judge won't tell, and people may guess
THE SUNDAY OAXIi.
3
JUDGE COFFEY AND HIS WARDS IN PHANCERYmanagers ever proceeding further with
the canal. Of course as an engineering
proposition alone, such work cannot be
left at a standstill without retrograding
to a great and expensive degree, and th©
evidences are plain to be seen all the
way from Panama to Colon of the enor
mous and reckless "waste of expensive
machinery used In' excavating, much of
it obsolete now and rusted into useless
ness. Iron and steel rust and decay.
Mr. Durrell makes the following in
teresting observations concerning the
Panama route: "Work of a merely nom
inal sort is now going on at the highest
point on the canal, the Culebra cut, but
it is merely the effort of the present
managers to retain their rights, and
there is a despondency throughout the
Isthmus on the subject of these present
A. W. Burrell of Oakland, president of
the Salvador Commercial Company, who
has recently returned from a trip through
Central America, where he h'as large in
terests, puts a good deal into a few
words concerning the important matter at
issue when he says: "The American
people are determined to have an isth
mian canal, and if politics and selfish, in
terests were kept out of the question the
construction and ownership of such a
canal would goon be an accomplished
fact Colombia, whose standards of
business, progress and civilization • are
based upon those of the United States, is
eager to see the Americans take over
Into their hands the work of constructing
the Panama canal, because she knows
that would mean that it would be fin
ished."
Nlcaraguan route. In favor of which cer
tain men have striven and worked for
years?
Shall • it be through the isthmus of
Panama, already the scene of so much
disappointment, expense and work, but
¦which route still seems to be the most
direct, most feasible and the least ex
pensive to construct, or shall it be by the
The public demand is for immediate
and definite canal legislation at the
present session of Congress. If this de
mand is met which route will be se
lected?
Ing another chapter to years of delay?
"An ! important 5 question ¦' from an en
gineering standpoint, that of . taking care
of and directing the j flood waters of the
.Chagres River, and its ' tributaries, which
shorter tim© in transit— twelve hours for.
adeep-draught vessel, as compared with
thirty- three . hours : at Nicaragua.
encroach unmanageably in th© rainy sea
son, ! Is said to b© r provided for. I don't
regard the question of cost as so far pre
sented between ;the two routes as ', being
at all determinative.
"And not th© least of the factors In th©
case for deciding between the two f route*
is the question whether the new Panama i
Canal Company, which ha9 offered to sell
all it has to the United States for $40,000,
000, has valid titles to convey. Indeed It
has not yet been made dear Just what
rights this second company has to con
vey. This is a serious question and on©
on which th*© United States would have
to thoroughly Inform and satisfy itself. It
is also difficult to know what position Co
lombia would take on such a transfer, and
the question of a concession from her is
yet to be met Whether the Senate will
'wait to see these , things done before de
ciding th© matter Is a question. Recent
'developments indicate that there Is a
good hot battle ahead. I "believe, however,
in th© ability and disposition of Congress
to I settle all questions j and provide for
starting the project during this session.
"On the hillside near La Boca is th©
French villagV where tha workragmen
used to live— a lot of well-built houses
with high stons foundations. Still, a
great many of these quarters are now
In a bad state of decay. Th© hospitals
and quarters built for officials ara in a
fair state of preservation, but the work
shops need almost complete renovation
and rebuilding. Th© three-story mansion
of Ferdinand do Lesseps, about a mile
away and overlooking th© bay of Panama,
la now given up to the not very careful
occupancy of four native families, with
¦warms of children.
. "Th© nearby railroad Is of course a fea
ture of some Importance in th© consid
eration of f th© Panama rout©, and of
course there would be more or less change
to be mad© there to accommodate the
[railroad to the construction ¦ of the canal.
:-. "The country from the central part of
Mexico to the upper part of South Amer
ica, if it belonged to ' th© United States,
would b« the garden spot of th© worjd in
ten years, but It needs good foreign ln
fluence and foreign blood. I consider it
as healthful as any tropical country
known. Regarding the conditions of lif©
-In .Central America the natives all through
may b© "described as quiet, industrious,
simple and: honest In their natures.
¦ "They ar© very primitive and simple in
their habits and mode of life, and if left
to themselves would probably have gone
on just as they were before* Cortez in
vaded those countries. But two influences
have beset I them— first th© Cortez inva-
"While politicians may believe, and re
joice In their belief, that the offer of tho
new Panama Canal Company at this time
is made for the purpose of causing delay
rather than advancement in the canal
project, I believe that the matter. will be
decided within the present year. I think
Congress and the President, supported by
the desires of the American people, will
close a bargain during this session of.
Congress in favor of one of the two route*
now under discussion."
'."The general character of the sea ap
proach on both ocean fronts appears to
b© more favorable on the Nicaraguan
route, and tho obtainable rights. and con
cessions seem- to be more clearly defined
in the case of that route. Ther© are also
only the two countries to be dealt with in
negotiations — Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
"These countries seem to me to offer
every opportunity for capital, and their
many products, which are of value, such
as coffee, indigo, rubber, various hard
woods, etc., can be handled by Americans
and by American capital without difficul
ty and without risk. A canal will open up
all these opportunities, for all that Is
deeded are the facilities"" for marketing
these products promptly and cheaply and
with such protection afforded by tha
United States Government to American
capital &s Is given capital from other for
eign countries. Personally, my preference
Is for the NIcaraguan route, for several
reasons, one of which is that tha NIca
raguan route is practically 1000 miles near
er to our own doors for traffic between
the Atlantic and Pacific seaboards.
slon, and afterward the invasion by th«
negro element from the "West Indies, now
such a large element in, the French-speak
ing population. Both of these invasions
have brought with them much that Is to
the detriment of the original population.
The construction of the canal will be th©
greatest factor In the development of all
the Americas, and especially those near
est to It. Much of the ground along
the route of the Panama canal is
now under cultivation by the natives, and
some of the spots of land made by the ex
cavations are planted In grain and corn-
Towns will spring up along th© route of
the canal, as in the case of the railroad
through a virgin country, in Nicaragua to
San. Jose, now built up on either aide.
"For South America the Panama route
has , the advantage of being much
farther south and furnishes a shorter
route between . North Atlantic ports and
the west, coast of South America. The
Panama route would seem .the best .'also
because, there are less undetermined
quantities In its construction. As to the
matter of labor there wouldbe no serious
difficulty encountered on either route? At
Panama native labor, which is practically
the Jamaica negro, would be almost en
tirely used. Any conditions produced by
active work on the canal need not neces
sarily interfere with the health -of those
employed, at least not to a large extent.
The difficulties heretofore experienced In
that respect had grown largely out of in
difference and lack of proper precautions
and sanitary measures on the part of . the
management, which- la often' the ; case ¦ in
any enterprise. Disregard of the laws of
sanitation ' is most often the cause . of ill
health in tropical countries.
"Not far away from La Boca, the Pa
cific terminus of the canal. Is what Is :
called there ' the 'boneyard'— full \ O f
steamers and tugs , sunken and 'decayed— \
a sort of graveyard for all floating craft.
At La Boca is a good landing place and'
wharf, where all freight is 'landed: for , the
Panama Canal Company.
, "The Panama route also involves ; a
"An advantage in the Panama route
which must strike any one going over it
is its shorter distance— 19 miles against
183.66 miles for Nicaragua. \ :
"On the Panama side a drawback is the
unreliability of winds favorable \ to the
handling of sailing vessels. The long
calms in the region of Panama have
made it . known as the 'dumps.'
On the Pacific side the long distance from
La Boca, the mouth of the canal, to deep
water must be dredged and jettied. • It
must certainly be jettied, as two dredges
are kept busy there and the place seems
to fill up i as fast as they ¦ dredge. Cross
currents seem to rush in and fill it up.
This jettying as well as other engineer
ing features is merely a question of cost.
the value of the route is the liability of
the Colon "approach to the canal on the
Atlantic side to suffer from heavy storms
at times. It Is almost an open roadstead
from the mouth of the Chagres River into
the bay, and the north ; or northeast
storms roll in there. '. ;
"Several questions «relatlve to the har
bors on the Panama route naturally pre
sent themselves to a person traveling over
that route, and one of them which affects
"One of the principal advantages of the
Panama route seems to me to be the fact
that not only is the route a feasible one,
but the conditions to be met in actual
work have been to a very great extent
fully determined by work already done.
I went from Colon to the Culebra cut by
rail. The canal was called finished a dis
tance of twelve miles from the Pacific
side and twenty miles from the Atlantic.
This work, according to the Colombians,
cost $120,000,000; but the commission has
roughly estimated the cost of a sea level
canal at not less than $240,000,000 and the
time required for construction at not less
than twenty years. So for these reasons,
if none others, a canal with locks is pref
erable.
"Much water Is required for the width
and depth of this canal, and the Inten
tion is to put in locks, though I
think if the Panama route is chosen it
will ultimately be made a sea level canal,
which could be done. But that would take
more money and time, and so five artifi
cial lakes or locks are to be constructed
to take care of the difference in tides.
"There seems to have been no con
tinuity in the work so,far done. Spots
have been selected where the excavat
ing could be most easily done and where
it would make the biggest showing. : The
harder work seems to have been left,
except in the case of the Culebra cut,
where the nominal work is now going
on. This Is the highest point and where
the most expensive work must yet be
done. One hundred and fifty-seven feet
are now cut through this hill of hard
porphyry, out of a total of 360 feet.
"The canal as started was to be 500
feet wide and 40 feet deep, but one would
scarcely realize it now, bo much of the
excavation that was partially mads be
ing refilled from natural causes. The
soil itself is of such character that when
acted upon by the heavy rains it readily
obliterates work ¦¦ that has been only
partly accomplished.
quickly on exposure in this climate. One
sees miles of this wasting material on
the 'route of the railroad, representing
millions of dollars spent, part of It In con
tracts let but never filled.
—^HALL the United States own and
\f-^ begin to construct a great Isthmian
canal by the end of the year 1S02
K»» J or will that date see the bodies
•* politic of the country still lobby-
Ing and developing new excuses for add-
THE SUNDAY OAIi,:
4
P^M*.
Cost $240,000,000.
fi-DVANTAGES.
Only 49 miles long.
Is half finished now.
Can be sea level canal.
DISADVANTAGES.
Stonas at Atlantic end.
Calms at Pacific end.
Keeps choking tip from
Cross currents.
THE PANAMA CANAL VERSUS33 hours to pass the locks.
Heavy Castillo Rapids in
San Juan Biver.
DISADVANTAGES.
Very long— 183 miles.
Cost $189,000,000.
ADVANTAGES.
Tide and freight rates.
Eig fresh, -water harbor.
Excellent sea approaches.
NTCARAGUA-
At present the principal entrepot of the
republic from the Pacific side is Corinto.
a good land-locked harbor, near the west
or northwest corner of the republic. From
here one may go by rail in a southeastern
direction to Lake Manama, passing on
tradition of, the presence of Caucasian in
vasion at any time, and concerning which
it is current belief among the common
people that no white man has ever pene
trated the mysterious depths of their for
ests. Probably this belief is incorrect, but
its existence tells how wild are the wil
dernesses of Nicaragua. The unpeopled
or uncivilized regions are far from the sea
and far from the lakes, the main body
of the population" being in the coast and
lake sections and extending back thence
to the mountains, but only reaching the
higher parts of the mountain regions in a
few places, as at Matagalpa, which is the
only choice coffee country yet developed,
a :d at some points farther west, 1 where
gold-mining interests have developed
small centers of population.
ics, though there were nothing else to lure
one to such a venture. The lake Is a little
over a hundred miles long by an average
of about forty-five in » width, and , its
beauty can never be overdrawn.: It is
surrounded by hilly but not mountainous
land, whose undulations come down gent
ly to the water's edge, clothed In : ver
dure, such as even Oregon, the "Emerald
Island," as Joaquin Miller names It, can
not match; and its surface- is always
broken into . such ah expression ¦ of ' quiet
coolness as j makes one * oblivious of the
tropical noonday, while the breeze that In
cessantly plays over its face— well, all
other breezes are harsh winds. '¦'
Into this magnificent body of ' water
numerous rivers empty,' and It Is, the San
Juan ; River which leaves the lake at its
southeastern extremity, at the little mil
itary^ post , of . San , Carlos," one hundred
miles or so from Granada. This river is
the basis of /the i proposed; canal. . It -Is
quite as large as the Sacramento (taking
Red -Bluff . f ore the : place of • comparison),
and has been navigated' from the earliest
times,; all the way from the; Caribbean to
the lake, one -hundred ; and thirty - odd
miles. The only serious ' obstruction to its
navigation . is Castillo ' rapids,' forty miles
from ;. the , lake, and this ' is "not ] a j more
considerable obstruction than some of the
rapids in our . Northwestern rivers, which
have /been " ascended " by f : steamboats ¦ for
forty years. ' The boats on the San Juan
do not pass . Castillo rapids, however, a
portage being made by means of a tram
way with- mule power.
The, forests oh the banks of the San
Juan greatly exceed those j on the Pacific
Coast side of the ' republic' '•': Indeed, ,iti3
hard to realize the possibilities of a trop
ical' forest ; without seeing those which
cover ; the western } slope of, Nicaragua,
Honduras and Costa Rica. There is hardly
an acre of open land, nor an acre of for
est where increase j of timber • and : foliage
would | seem , possible.' The exportation of
tropical i timber ;; products, so . long "car
ried ; on In a small . way, ; will some time
give scope and opportunity for enterprise
of vast magnitude and for industry of in
finite,variety, and. detail. .The idea that
these, forests can offer nothing to com
merce and contribute nothing >f or the use
bf : the greater ! world,* ' beyond 1 the small
amount of mahogany, required for making
veneered ' furniture/; logwood ) enough to
supply ; coloring ; matter for such of our
textile I fabrics ; as - may .want that , par
ticular hue,: and for such of , our potables
as refuse to give their color In the cup
without ' that sort of assistance, and f us-
BY W. LAIB HILL.
n YICARAGUA, of all the Central
/ \ I American States, possesses the
I >I most fascinating past history and
y^ the most distinct present Interest.
Just now prominently before the
ieyes not of America alone, but of all
countries, as the probable site of a ship
canal across the continent for the com
merce of the world, it may be regarded
as a meeting of ways in the march of civ
ilization.
Of all the Central American republics
this Impresses me as the most attractive
In its physical or natural conditions. In
climate, soil and generally in the natural
resources for material prosperity all Cen
tral America is practically alike. The low
lands, lying between the seashore and the
mountain ranges, are of marvelous fertil
ity and especially adapted to the cultiva
tion cf sugar, cotton, corn, tobacco ana
tropical fruits. The climate Is rather
•warm and sultry, but the actual tempera
ture never rises so high as In many parts
of the "United States. The highlands,
which consist of elevated tablelands and
valleys between the ranges of mountains,
undulating and beautiful to the eye, have
a soil in most places consisting of vol
canic ash and decomposed - lava
with vegetable mold, and extend..
throughout the interior of the
country, with little waste or un
cultivated land. These highlands are
especially suited to the production of cof
fee, oranges, lemons and the fruits and'
vegetables of the temperate and semi
tropical region of our own country, as
well as many of the strictly tropical
fruits. The climate Is cool and salubrious
— warm at midday, but cool enough at
night to make plenty of warm clothing
not only a convenience but a necessity.
Nicaragua is sparsely peopled. With an
area of about 43,000 square miles, it num
bers only about 420,000 people. There are
broad areas practically without popula
tion—areas of as fine land as one will find
In the most fertile portions of the United
States. There are places where the In
dians are in the same wild state as when
the white men first beheld this beautiful
land 400 years ago. There are considerable
districts of which there Is no record or
• A larger area in the aggregate is
devoted to cattle raising. For cattle
ranges Jhe forest Is cleared away or thin
ned out, a few „ acres— or less— at a time,
and the land is covered .with a coarse
grass— the people call it "planted grass,"
to distinguish It from the natural growth,
which is found in occasional small, open
patches. This "planted grass" resembles
:the "Johnson grass" (sorghum hala
pense), which was introduced into this
country some fifteen or twenty years ago
under the deceptive name of evergreen
millet; but it is not the same. Its feed
ing quality is demonstrated In the fat
cattle which are seen in. the pastures.
Cattle raising is a staple industry all
through Central America and consider
able attention Is given to Improving the
quality of the herds, many blooded ani
mals being imported for this purpose from
the United States and some from Eng
land.
* The railway ends at Momotombo, a vil
lage at the northwest end of Lake Ma
nagua, snug at the foot of the- volcano
Momotombo. the smoke of whose tor
ment ascends forever and ever. Here
passengers are transferred to_a comfort
able steamer and carried across the lake
to Managua, the capital ; of the republic,
an old-fashioned Spanish-American city
with a population of about 20,000. From
Managua two hours' run by rail, still to
the southeast, and one finds himself at
Granada, another, characteristic city of
the old Castilian days, on the bank of. the
great lake which gives its name to (he
republic. , A sight of this lake and a sail
on Its laughing waters— for it is always
•rippling In appreciation • of . the softest
zephyrs that ever kissed lake or sea into
laughter-are worth a voyage to the trop-
the way the old city of Leon, the largest
In the State, containing/about 40,000 peo
ple. All the way from Corinto to Lake
Managua, a distance of about sixty miles,
one is filled with wonder at the beauty
and fertility of the country through
which he is passing. There appears not
one mile, scarcely one acre, of waste land.
This is the settled region, and yet not
the fiftieth acre Is in cultivation. One
sees a few sugar plantations, now and
then a little corn, three or four acres of
tobacco, a small field of cotton and here
and there tiny patches of bananas and
plantain; but all these together are hardly
sufficient in extent to be worth mentlon-
besides avoiding the sea risks of Cape
Horn, saving expense of tonnage, saving
time in getting returns, saving risk and
cost of insurance, and it would opea to
commerce an extensive country endowed
by nature with, untold resources, and neg
lected by man with unaccountable Inat
tention, while he has spent himself in
finding and developing less inviting fields
and achieving more difficult triumphs
The vast possibilities of commerce* de
velopment which would be opened by con
structing the canal: through Nicaragua,
as I have endeavored -to- present a faint
glimpse of them above, cannot be ignored
In" viewing the question of the location of
the international canal from, the stand
point of American interests. We are in
terested in common with ' all nations in
the general benefit to be expected from
the opening of this highway of commerce
across the continent; but we are also in
terested in a special and American cense
in the opportunity that, lies at our, door
for developing the national growth and
prosperity of that < interesting country,
which comprises the five republics of Cen
tral America, and at the same time and
An isthmian canal is needed, and the
American people are going to have it; and
it Is Inconceivable that between one route
and another a difference in cost of a few
millions of dollars is going to balk the
American people in their determination
to have the best. I know not that the Ni
caragua route will cost more than the
Panama route. But suppose it should;
the American people will not hold guiltless
the Senator or Representative who Is In
strumental In selecting the lesa conven
ient and useful route for commerce be
cause the Frenchmen may offer it on
terms that will save a few million dollars.
If, all things considered, the Panama
route is the one which the interests of
commerce and - the Interests of America
Indicate as the proper route for the canal,
by all means let us have it. even though
we pay the Frenchmen more than their
work is .worth; but if it. is not the best, if
Nicaragua is the best for the great ex
pansion of our country's commerce ancl
the accommodation of the shipping of the
world, then there should be no hesitation
and the Nicaragua route should be chosen
even though the French company offered
us their work and franchises for, not H0,»
000,000, but forty cents. '
carry as large stocks as the retail mer
chants in any of our small American
cities. Gold mines are developing in the
tributary mountain region to the west and
northwest of Bluefields and American cap
ital will soon make the western section
of Nicaragua a great gold-producing
country and Blueflelds a typical mining
city. But the road to thi3 lies through
close rapport between the republic oC
Nicaragua and that of the United States.
I have only hinted at a little of what
awaits American industry as the result
of the - construction of the Nicaraguan
canal. Take the Pacific Coast shipment
of wheat to Europe for a single illustra
tion. According to a report just published
the three States, California, Oregon and
Washington, shipped out to Europe the
past year 42.000,000 bushels of wheat, and
thi3 paid "freight for 12.000 miles greater
distance than- it would have paid for with
the Nicaraguan canal constructed. Here
the Isthmian canal offers the reduction of
time and freight rates on the one article
of wheat almost sufficient to pay interest
on its construction, not to speak of the
thousand other lines of commerce which
would receive like benefits. I use the
wheat only for a salient example.
steamers going thence as often as once or
twice a week to New Orleans, Mobile and
Galveston. carrying fruits and other prod
ucts of tbe country. The merchants of
Bluefields are almost exclusively Ameri
cans and they have as large stores and
Lake Nicaragua is only 110 feet above
the sea level. It is in the line and at the
summit of the lowest pass • across the
continent between the. Arctic 'Ocean and
the Strait of Magellan— lower by half than
the line of the Panama canal. The lake
would not be perceptibly affected by the
use bf water enough to pass the com
merce of the world through locks using
its water. -It would afford .fresh water
harbor to any Imaginable amount of
shipping. It would provide a waterway
between the^Atlantic and Pacific ports of
the United States, . approximately 1200
miles shorter than the Panama route; It
would send wheat from Washington and
California to Liverpool by a water route
less than half as -long as that now tra
versed by our Pacific Coast grain fleets.
tic enough to meet the* small demand for
that article, will have to give way before
the knowledge of the next generation con
cerning the resources of the tropics, and
In presence of the failure "of timber sup
ply at home. But that la In the future.
THE NICARAGUA CANAL
Sixty miles north of Greytown is the
flourishing little city of Bluefields, purely
an American city, with American habits.
American ways and the good, sweet
American tongue. Already it is doing a
great commerce with the United States,
.-;^T..V." IS ¦•>.- '-V^
But another effect of these winds which
is even more to be thought of. In the line
of their health-giving sweep no tropic
heat develops, no yellow or pernicious
fever exists. Greytown, the old San Juan
del Norte of the Spaniard, is one of the
oldest ports on the Caribbean Sea, and
was for many years one of the busiest:
and yet. though the statement will sur
prise most people, there never yet was an
epidemic of yellow fever at Greytown:
an4 it is resolutely asserted by|businss
men of that town that there never was
a case of yello^ fever there which was
pot brouprht there from some other port.
This is no small matter. The awful
dpath roll of General Aspinwall's enter
prise in the development of the port of
Colon will not te forgotten by any per
son who was then old enough to read,
until it Is forgotten along with all thlnga
*>lse.- America fairly swooned at sight of
her boys tumbled together by hundreds
into the burial trench oh that dreadful
coast •r*.?;
Already business .on the Caribbean
coast of Nicaragua from Greytown to
the north la American In character. Grey
town Is an American town in Its con
struction and its business Is done by
Americans and in the American language.
The American Consul at that place..
Colonel "W. B. Sorsby, an Intelligent
American from Mississippi, gave me much
Information of the condition of things,
and his statements show that there is
' along the Caribbean coast a great open
, ing for American enterprise. The British
1 Vice-consul, Herbert Blngham, a loyal
'.Briton and obliging gentleman, tells me
the country must be opened to commerce
through American enterprise. Greytown
Is a small place, having a population not
exceeding 1000 souls, but it Is more of a
town than many of the larger towns In
the interior, because it is alive.
by the same act adding: vastly to our
own national commerce and prosperity by
giving opportunities for the enterprise of
our own people right at our door.
Another conslderatidn which ought not
to be forgotten for one moment Is the
fact that through this low pass of fifty
or sixty miles in width across- the con
tinent the breezes from the Caribbean and
the Pacific play unceasingly. There are
no calms on land or sea near the points
where the shipping would enter the canal.
Ships would approach and depart under
sail whenever desired without delay;
whereas the Panama route Is in the Una
of tropical calms at both termini. This
is a matter on which, of course, accurate
knowledge can only be obtained through
systematic and scientific nautical' obser
vation, but the same story came to me,
upon inquiry, from so many intelligent
seafaring men along the Caribbean coast
that scarcely the Nautical Almanac would
take It out< of my mind or destroy its
emphasis as a fact important to shipping
Besides, the 'nautical authorities do con
cur. Vessels long becalmed off Colon or
Panama are a thing of common occur
rence. But no vessel lies becalmed off
Greytown, which is. at the mouth of th»
San Juan River; nor at San Juan del Sur
on the Pacific side. To steamers this, of
course. Is unimportant, but there Is a
far cry between this day and that In
which the sailing vessel will not be on
the seas and playing an Important part
in the commerce of the world.
THE SUNDAY CALL
5Predictions for the week
by a professional astrologer'
showing lucky and unlucky
days for business, love and
marriage, giving birthday
advice and life forecasts of
infants born during the next
seven days.
: I belleva the average club helps the av
erage woman to-be a better home maker
and more companionable to her husband.
In : the past women have not been inter
ested in the same things, as. men. We
ought to study the vital questions of tha
day : and : be able to discuss them Intelli
gently. "Girls are- now given the same
educational advantages as boys. There
Is ' no " excuse , for a woman who annoys
her husband when he comes home from
business with the trouble. of her, servant
or with her own petty, ailments. Much
of. the invalldlsm of woman has been for
want of interest In 'anything but her own
little * circle. - True, ¦ the - care - of i a ¦ home
and \ children will fill any woman's time
and; thought and heart,- Wut should not
do so to the eradication of her sown indi
viduality, till at 35 or 40 years of age. or
even younger, she has given up any idea
Of course there are -clubs and clubs
Just as 'there are women and women.
By Mrs. Annie Little Barry.
Upon this day the grain market may
open a little up. but go down by 10. with
a rise at 12. Metals and mining stocks
8 re likely to give the most excitement.
February 11. Tuesday— Retail trade
ehould be brisk to-day in manufactured
useful articles. This is a good day for
real estate transfers.
The market ooens quiet, but will he
very cfcp.nReable up to 11. It will go
down by 11 and up at L
February 9, Sunday— A quiet day for
church-going, visits or meditation.
. February 10, Monday— This day will be
an important one to wholesale dealers.
The greatest activity will be in the ma
chinery line and the manufacture of raw
materials. • .
Business.
week beginning on Sunday,
I February 9, will find the earth and
jl Venus in Leo, the heart of the
' 1L zodiac This is a fiery sign and
will yield great activity and ex
cltfcacnt in the commercial world. People
will be under the etress of mental emo
tion, and there are likely to be somewhat
unsatisfactory business results. Retail
trade will be erratic, and people will be
hard to please.
Speculation ehould be unsteady and at
times exciting. There should be some
rapid chaages in various lines. -
Health signs are not very good. There
will be a Email percentage of real ail
ments, however, to the number of imag
ined diseases.
The weather will be uncertain.- From
the 9th to the 11th there should be heavy
rainstorms across the Southwest; flurries
of enow in other places, followed by cold,
with heavy enow along the Atlantic
ccest
' Marriage.
This is an excellent time for marriage,
each day being under a most propitious
influence. All couples entering the wedded
gtate during this week should experience
- most happy marital careers.
February 11, Tuesday— This will prove
to be a favorable year for all" who cele
brate their birthday to-day. Affairs of
those engaged In business will prosper
and money will Increase. Those who .be
gin new enterprises should meet with suc
cess. Young women should make advan
tageous marriages.
February 12,» Wednesday— There will be
many annoyances, both in business and
family affairs, for those whose birthday
falls upon this date. They will experience
worry, but the latter part of the year will
bring unexpected good fortune. Young
widows should receive offers of marriage
February 13, Thursday— This will be an
eventful year for those who celebrate
their birthday to-day. Those in the em
ploy bf others should receive promotion,
while there will be . alternate . sains and
February 9, Sunday— Those who cele
brate their birthday, upon this day should
not travel, make changes nor 1 go to law
during the next year. With care they
should experience a prosperous year, but
should take no risks. The young will
court and marry.
February 10, Monday-*-This will be an
unsettled year for those who celebrate the
anniversary of their birth upon this day.
Business will require constant attention
for successful returns. Women had best
exercise great care in the bestowal of
their affections. ' -
Birthdays.
February 15. Saturday— This is an ex
cellent day upon which to make changes,
start upon journeys or start new enter
prises. Mining stocks and metals should
be best at the opening of the market and
should rise at 10 o'clock. Sugar should go
up a few points at 11." and the market
should then 'be very changeable until the
close.
February 13, Thursday — Ask favors,
push all business affairs and sign all con
tracts before noon. In retail . lines all
novel 'and new articles should find a
ready snle.
The market opens fair. Sugar should be
up at 10. but all provision lines will be
changeable until noon,' then there will be
a decided downward tendency.
February 14. Friday— This is St. Valen
tine's day. and will be more largely cele
brated this year than for many seasons
past. Business will be unsatisfactory
upon this day. .
Markets open uncertain. By 10 the mar
ket will fall, but rise at lit with metals
highest at 12.
The stock market will be active upon
this day. It opens low,- goes up at 10.
Mining and metal stocks should lead from
11 to 12, while grain .wilr'be best at, noon.
February 12, Wednesday— There will be
some heavy trading upon 'this day. Re
tail trade wili ba best in the afternoon.
Mining stocks are likely to go up at
noun
February 12, Wednesday— The children
born upon this day will be fond of pleas
ure, with extravagant inclinations. They
will have many friends, and will be suc
cessful as emotional actors or musicians.
The girls will be beautiful in appearance.
February 13, U. hursday— The children of
to-day will be successful In the employ
of others, and should rise rapidly to
trusted positions. They may • encounter
false friends and experience heavy finan
cial losses. The girls should do well in
music, art and literature, . "
February 14, Friday— These children
should be quick and clever, with great
executive ability. Th#y will rise rapidly
In life through their own talents. They
should . exercise great care . for : their
health when at the age of 30. ~: ¦'¦¦ .»- .
February 15. Saturday— The children
born upon this day will be restless, care
less Rnd extravagant. They will be bright
and will always gain a livelihood. They
should ' be * taught econopiy and caution.
The crlrls should, be 'talented; singers, and
would do well in professional' careers. ,-•¦¦¦
The children of this week -will be. sensi
tive and of intensely emotional tempera
ments. They will be affectionate and
very bright mentally. They should be
artistic, musical and poetical. ., v
February 9. Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be active and ener
getic, of quick wit and most generous na
tures.. The boys will be successful in
business careers, and the girls will marry
early and make loving wives. ,
February 10, Monday— These • children
will be of restless disposition and fond of
Journeying to distant places. The boys
should choose transportation or Govern
ment situations and will be promoted to
high positions In life. The girls will not
be very happy In their, married lives. .
February 11, Tuesday— These children
will be successful in life. They should
make many friends, and prosper in finan
cial affairs.- The boys should. make flne
civil engineers and architects. The girls
should rise to ~ high social positions
through their talents and make brilliant
marriages. ¦•.¦'.-•• . ..
Births.
February 14, Friday— An , active year,
with financial gain, awaits those whose
birthday falls upon this date. Great pru
dence should be exercised by all, and
moderation used in the quest of pleasure.
Young, men and. women should make "ex
cellent marriages.
February 15, Saturday— This will not be
a very fortunate year tor those who cele
brate the anniversary of their birth to
day. Business will be uncertain, and
there will be domestic infelicity for some.
There may be unhappy terminations to
romantic love affairs. *. .
losses for some. All should care for their
health and be careful of risks in specula
tion. . :•'¦¦:.
ronment. At the present time I believe
there Is no better way to ' do this than
through the .women's clubs, which are
only, in their lncipiency and are destined
to be one of the powerful factors In the
lives of women. - . . •
All women do not marry; of those* who
do not many have more time and thought
to give to club work than -women with,
families do, and they may be of great
help ' to their club. We should not only
think of what we receive, but what we
can give our club. The lesson, of service
Is always a sweet one. .
The time has passed for. xntjn to sneer
at or discuss women's clubs, i It is very
rare to find, a -husband -of a club woman
who Is not Quite as willing for. his wlf«
THE SECRETS OF THE STARS MADE CLEAR TO YOU.
QsHE | club woman Is " the . man's
I woman." , ,
I So says Mrs. Annie Little Barry,
.1 president of the Corona Club. Being
. JL a club president, she ought to know.
But she is flying in the. face of tradition.'
If the comic papers know anything about
it, then is the club woman a being dread
ed of man and shunned by him.
"The. club woman is the man's woman."
Mrs. Barry Insists upon it. She will not
have it for a minute that the- flyaway
and frou-froped lady, the one of whims
and wiles, is what man is after. She says
he wants something more substantial— the
good, wholesome. bread and butter of Ufa
rather than the dessert.
Mrs. Barry . certainly must know some
thing about men I as well as clubs. She
has a ' husband and she has brought up
five boys; when her own supply gave out -
she took to nephews for the sake of hav
ing boys about her. •>•• .. •
She says they like her, and it isn't hard
to believe It. She radiates healthy good:
temper. Whether the club Is responsible
for this Is another question. , >
She has always had literary Interests.
When she was a little girl, only a mite
of. a youngster, on a New England farm
she used to .run away when it was time
for school or time to be dressed for din
ner, I or even time for dinner itself — think
of it!— and sneak out to the barn and bury
her little nose in a book or scratch la
boriously with a pencil writing out some
ot | her own childish ideas. She keeps up
her. story -writing now,, and she Is pretty
sure ' to , have a boy somewhere In every
tale she writes, for she evidently doesn't
think much of -any book . or home that
pretends to do. without one.' " ¦ .
The -literary, end of the club work la
what interests her. 'She devotes herself to
this as much as possible in the time left
over after her official duties are attended
to. She is preparing a paper now on the
poets of America, and she has' gone so
far into the subject that she Is resurrect
ing Anne Bradstreet ' and showing the
moderns what was called poetry in the -
severe days of our New England ances
tors. "'•.-'; ¦ -:--...¦ ¦ -¦ .'• -. .
\ She has written . out something about
men and the women's club. You can bear
her, argue for herself. .< : ¦¦ . ¦.
fore-arm, ...-........:..% In; .
Average increase of girth of
! hips \ •."..'.;. :..2% in.
Average increase of tflrth of
thigh .................. ............1% hi. ,
Average 'increase of girth of . :.
:. calf % In. .
Average Increase of ; width' , of
shoulders '..'.'•'. % In. ,*
The apparatus ' used was light dumb
bells,\ 2Vi pounds; . Indian- clubs, 3Vi
pounds, and pulley-weights, from 10 to
15 pounds. .. . . ¦ '¦'.„.„ . -'
An adult, with . a Btature of 6 feet \ 2
Inches should welgh»125 pounds; - of ,,5
feet 3 inches, 129 pounds; Increasing three
pounds for each- inch up to 5 feet 8
inches, when the weight should .be 155
pounds; 6 feet 10 inches should weigh
169 pounds, and 6 feet ' 178 pounds. • . .
. A woman should weigh at least 20 to
26 pounds. less than. a; man of the same
height. For one thing, a man's hard mus
cles and larger bone will weigh more, of
the same apparent size. , * One-twentletn
the weight should ; be fat In a man, one
sixteenth in a.woman. '1 !'¦'
One may purchase a chart for record
ing ' ' • measurements — an r anthropometrlo
chart— or make one, taking .the foregoing
tables as. guides. ' " - ¦• ¦ ¦',:
- A word about expanding the che«t This
Is best accomplished when in a standing
position. \ The cavity of the chest should
be slowly expanded to Its full extent by
raising the ribs, thereby allowing a large
amount of air to . stream into the lungs.
.When at the height, of Inspiration, the
greatest expansion of the chest Is reached
and ¦' It should . be maintained for a mo
i ment. I This is . the time . to take i measure
mentv'-for- "chest ¦ Inflated." \, Then :.. the
ribs ( should : be allowed : to • recede slowly,
but completely,' so that the cavity of ,, the
chest 'becomes ; narrowed, : and /the - air
.which : had*; filled the lungs; is expelled.
In this way ; inspiration' and expiration
should alternate In a regular tempo. The
tracted .........;........ % in.
Average increase of girth of -up-'
¦ per-arm ........:'.;. v 1 In.
Average increase of girth of
ed ................ ;.... ......1% in.
Average increase of chest con-
TABLE II.
(Showing the average Increase.)
Average Increase in height........ % in.
Average increase in" weight........ 2 lbs.
Average increase of chest inflat-
TABLE I.
Age ..18.3 years
Height 5 ft. 8 in.
Weight ....'...•.... 135 lbs.
Chest inflated- 35 in.
Chest natural 32% in.
Upper-arm ...... ......11 In.
Fore-arm :. .....10 in.
Hips ...... ; 31^ in. .
Thigh .-. ...-49V4 in. .'¦
Calf 12& in. •
Shoulders— breadth " 4 .. ..15% in.
some tenths of Inches In the girth of the
forearm and the depth of the cheat; other
measurements were not quite up to the
standard, but by intelligent and systemat
ic exercise they have been brought to the
desired form. A point to note in the fore
going table is that the breadth of the
shoulders exceeds that of the hips; which
is rather unusual but always desirable.
The depth of the abdomen should be less
than that of the chest in the perfect fig
ure. . . . :. . - •«
As several members of the other sex
have been among my correspondents,
seeking advice and particularly regarding
this subject of measurements, the fqllow
ing, table is for their benefit. It shows
the average state of development of two
hundred young men upon entering college;
the second table shows the average state
of the growths and development of the
same men after having practiced In , a
gymnasium half an hour a day, four times
a week, for six months: I
of progress and lives only for her chll-
dren—alas, too often to the exclusion ot
ber husband. • -
The world would be better if each In-
dividual made the most of his own life,
at -the same time • being .unselfish and
thoughtful of others. women's clubs
help us toward this. ..
It Is the duty of every woman to dress i
neatly and becomingly according to her
means, but too many women spend far
more thought, time, strength and money
on clothes than they can afford.
My home comes first, then nay church.
after that the club. Most of us look at
tha world from.our own little corner. We
need to broaden In our Ideas, to coma in
contact with others' opinions and envl-
to sive time and thought to dub work
as "he herself.
• If any woman nas a husband who Is so
far behind the times sha can afford to
wait. Club life can never repay for dla
cord In the home. But I honestly believe,
In the- large majority of cases. It creates
a stroncer bond.
A pretty face will fade, flattery wtH
cease to charm, air castles will Can to
the ground, bright bubbles of fancy will
burst/housekeeping may ba hired. True
companionship Is the basis of an endur-
Ins love that survives adversity as well
as prosperity and makes happy home*.
Our clubs should make us batter corn
panlons— we believe they do—but—ask the
husbands.
BEST-KNOWN CLUB WOMEN ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
Let a woman once become Interested in
her figure, appreciating its passible grace
and proportion, and she Is not lightly or
without reason going to give over the
study of its possibilities, nor will she be
satisfied until she has acquainted herself
with its measurements, in order to see If
she approaches the proper Ideal; and then
to apply this knowledge gained where It
may do the most good. The woman who
does not number an anthropometric chart
among her possessions is quite behind the
times. The height, the breadth, the
depth, the girth of one's anatomy must
* a Y AM a queen, and while I live, will
• • I reign."
j These burning words, uttered by
JL Zenobia in her own defense, it
would be worth while for every
woman to repeat occasionally, for the sake
of the mental and physical tonic thereby
Imparted. Please try the experiment,
Clorinda. It will help to establish you In
the possession of beauty of form which
may make you adorable, even If beauty
of feature be lacking. No one utters
these— shall \re call them— cabanstic
words, without a straightening of every
limb, and an uplifting of the head, which
are first steps toward acquiring grace of
form, toward preserving strength, fresh
ness, beauty, and making youth pause
awhile.
Copj-ri&ht. 1902, by S. S. McClure Company.
nearly approaching those of a Greek
statue, are given for the benefit of th«
maiden who wishes to have something for
comparison. They are as follows: Q
Age ....... : . 20 years
Height .„ ...'.5 feet 5 inches
. Weight...... 120 pounds
Chest, natural... ........31 inches
• Chest, inflated. .........34 inches
, Upper-arm........ ...".. 10 inches
Forearm.........;. ....8.75 inches
Waist. 25.5 inches
Neck — 12 inches
Hips : .34.5 inches
Breadth of shoulders......... 14.1 Inches .
Breadth of hips ....12 Inches
Breadth of waist. .8.25 inches
Depth of chest 8 inches
Depth of abdomen .....:.7 inches
A few months ago there was a lack of
each come in for a share of attention.
Callipers, a breadth stick, a height stick
and a steel tape measure are necessary,
an§ although one can take one's- own
measurements, the assistance of a per
son who has had experience in these-mat
ters is valuable. In making an; inventory
of one's inches, it is necessary to take
them in the same position of the body,
and in the same way; perhaps twice a
month or oftener one wants to find out
if there has been a -gain or loss, and re
cord it on the chart. The height' may be
taken with or without shoes; without
them Is better; stand erect, close to a
wall.
Weight— Without clothes or deduct four
to ten pounds for clothing, according to
the season. . • • .
Chest inflated — Take as full a breath as
possible, and measure close under the
arms.
Chest natural— Also take measure close
under the arms.
Waist— At smallest part.
Upper-arm— Around the largest part,
with the arm bent up until the hand near
ly touches the shoulder.
Forearm— Around the largest part, with
arm extended and .ftst closed.
Hips, thigh and oalf— At largest part of
each.
Shoulders, breadth— Arms at sides, th-e
measure being taken about two inches
below ends ot shoulder blades.
(To get this measurement will require
assistance.)
In the accompanying illustration, num
ber two; the reader sees a' young woman
who possesses almost a perfect or classic
figure, and her physical 'measurements,
inspiration . should take m place chiefly
through the nose, with the mouth shutor
only slightly opened. .- -These' exercises/t
should be taken in the open air, when
weather permits, or In a very well ven
tilated room, free from dust, and neither
close nor damp. The windows may re
main open, even in the severest weather,
if there is no draught.
It Is utterly useless for a woman to
go in for development- of the figure un
less she first learns how to hold up "her
head. She cannot be well and strong, or
as well and strong as she should be. with
a drooping chin, nor can she be beautiful
and interesting unless she holds her head
up. It is a wise plan to practice daily
tipping 1 the head back as far as one can.
holding the chin up high, rest there for
a moment, then stand up straight again —
the exercise is taken In a "standing posi
tion; repeat this several times. This also
makes the back of the- neck strong and
shapely: it- expands the chest by making
it stand out fuller. To make the chest
large and full not only . improves the
looks of the person, but it may add years
to life. : - V ~
An addition of three inches to the cir
cumference^of the chest, Morgan tells us
In "University Oars," implies that the
lungs, instead of • containing two hundred
and fifty cubic Inches of air, as they did
before their functional activity was ex
alted, are now capable of receiving three
hundred cubic Inches of air within their
cells; the value of this will be admitted.
Suppose one la attacked by inflammation
of the lungs; the possession of enough
lung tissue to admit forty or fifty addi
tional cubic Inches of air will suffice to
turn the scale on the side of recovery. It
may be the means of recovery.
Not only this, but with the head -well
held up. and the chest expanded, heart,
stomach and other vital organs have
more room, so that they can work more
freely. It gives a feeling of strength and
vigor which is exhilaring.
Now look on the other picture; with
the .chin drawn downward, the chest be
comes small and flat, and the lungs and
stomach are cramped until they become
weak and unfitted for the work they ar*
expected to perform.
Some one has said that it is a pity
we are not obliged to walk a mils dally,
carrying a half dozen pounds or. so of
glass on a tray on the head, and which
must be paid for If broken. Heads would
b© carried very erectly In this case and
figures would become Junollke.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"The Best Known Club Wo
men of the Pacific Coast." Do
you know who they areP . Or,
in knowing who they . are,
have you ever studied their
personalities to know . why
they should be considered the
"best known"P This sketch of
Mrs. Annie Little Barry is the
fourteenth in an - interesting
series on just those lines.
BEAUTY QUEST
6black. Black braid forms a conventional
design upon the cuff. , . < •
A sleeve that will also be seen is the
one that grows suddenly wider at tht
wrist. Then it is finished with two ..biff.
, points, one projecting at the back of 'th«
hand and the other underneath, so that
the hand lies snugly in the sleeve: To
this sleeve there is a fancy lining. - ,
Brocade makes a charming 'inside • for
the spring cloak, be it long orishort, and
happily brocade is now much less expen
sive than ft formerly was. There* are
brocades with Persian effect, showing yel
low and blue and red and pink, all ex
quisitely blended and very light in weight.
The idea that a brocade must be he'avy Is
r quite exploded, and- the newest ones are'
• very thin, indeed,' and seem especially de
signed for lining purposes, for they have
a sort of linen back that speaks well for
Upon her head coquettlehly ;
The hat of Easter sets, ;
Its brim a mass of tulle and leaves. :
Its top of violets. :
THE Easter hats are In the windows.
If you doubt this, go take a walk
along the shopping thoroughfares
and gaze into their glassy depths
and F<?e for yourself.
There is a saying- among common folk
that the first hats of spring are there
only to be gazed upon and that no one
ever really buys them and wears them.
LiKe most old sayings, this has come to
be utterly routed and refuted and replaced
by a new one. The Easter hat. as shown
In the first windows of spring. Is there
this year to be sold, and afterward worn,
and well Is it worthy Its exalted destiny.
What is more, it is to be sold earlier
this year than for seasons: and it is now
the style to have a spring hat much be
fore Easter, one that can be worn later,
while for Easter there Is re«rved the
brilliant piece of headgear.
TV- bright the Easter hats may seen.,
and too large and too wonderfully trim
med, but the brilliancy may be partially
explained away under the supposition of
contrast. The winter hat was dark an!
the Easter hat is light. Seen together,
one following the other directly, the hats
of Easter seetn too bright for good taste,
but later, when all are wearing them,
and the colors are rivaled by the rays cf
the sun, they trill seem none too loud.
The Hat of Slack.
Th* "nice-hat is said to be the black
hat. and, for those who share this opin
ion, who think that every bat should be
mere or less black, there are millinery at
tractions that will tempt the dollar forth
In abort order.
Hats in black and white, bats with tops
of maline and black flowers, are trim
med around the edge with most marvel
ous confections in veiling and at the back
there is a wonderful buckle. But do not
think that because a bat is black it is
necessarily Inconspicuous, for some of the
new black hats are positively startling jn
their brilliancy. That they are inexpen
sive is a wrong idea also. Quite the con
trary is true of them.
fon or gauze, is a thing not serious
enoQgh to deserve a minute's considera
tion. It can be accomplished by cutting
out the lozenges of velvet and "tacking
them in place, or by fastening them with
half a drop of mucilage.
Tlie flower hat is to be the mo3t sensa
tional of spring. To illustrate tltis there
n;av be mentioned a little round hat with
a top and brim entirely of vioics. The
whoZe hat is a mass of these towers
Ar-jvnd the edpe there are man/ sreen
!ea\es Another hat. a flower hot. has
a brim of roses, while the top is 'n frreen
leaves laid on like a thatch. Crowns are
flower crowns and one sees bo HiJjy flow
ers used in this way that, in' ttllins of
them, one scarcely knows when yr where
to step. Arbutus tops are kooO ;»nJ so
are carnations. Queen Alexandra's •' se
lected flowers, and asters resemblln,;
chrysanthemums are seen, but nothing
equals the violet and the rose.
Tfx little flower bonnet is not in styi'j.
Xobor.net is. But the floral toque ha? ro
placed it. and is worn set down upon the
hair ana upon the top of the pompadour.
The outside was looped up at the back
and at each side, . giving a tri-cornered'
effect. The top was trimmed very quietly
with a bunch of small pink roses, set in
loops of pink velvet ribbon. Three long
loops of the velvet came over the brim
and neatly banded, it Nothing- simpler
than this could be' well imagined.
Kaster hats will be higher than they
¦were last year, though not -of steeple
height. There will be a slight tendency
toward the square crown and the English
walking hat with high rolling sides i will
be seen.
The way to trim the English hat of
spring is with flowers. Let them be
massed low at one side of the crown and
let them be so numerous that they appear
to be crowded together.. Let them reach
from the front around to the back, with
out a suggestion of stem;, just one bed of
low, crushed roses. : • - ¦ . ¦
The English Hats.
Then there Js ,the English walking hat
of a fancy straw, that Is trimmed with Its
little rose buds at one side. At the base
is its fold of velvet, with chiffon tied
with the velvet and making a chou. -
It Is a noticeable fact about the coming
Easter hat that simplicity is aimed alter
and accomplished. This is quite contrary
equally good results. If .-well selected
these colors wear out together,. fading to-'
gether, and looking well '.one as 'long as
the other. j • • "- ' ¦
Spring Sleeves and Cuffs.
A sleeve that will be seen upon not a
few of the coats -of Easter is the coat '
sleeve slashed below the elbow. It Is a
• cloth sleeve and looks decidedly common- ¦
place down to the point indicated.- 'Then,
just below the elbow, there is a sharp
slash In' the goods and the lining comes
out, hanging In a. great bag.
The feature of the sleeve is this lining,
which may be in $o£t chiffon, side-plaited
and trimmed with .narrow- ribbons put on
to lie between the little, chiffon plaits.
These ribbons hang down in loops on the
outside of the sleeve. . : ' : \
Then the sleeve comes in small again,
and is finished at the wrist in a fancy
THE; SUNDAY CALL. ,
Still, the new silver novelties— the waist
bag. the chains and dangles, the fobs, the
pencils, the chatelaines, the many little
things that are needed to make up the
dress of the woman of the day — are cer
tainly attractive, and one can take one's
choice of the different silvers, the oxi
dized, the Roman, the burnished, Iho an
tique looking, almost rustv.. or .the
smoothly polished silvers. Gun metals
are very sood. thousrh dull, but with the
gray clothes they are very taking".
Easter gowns are to be very attractive
this season— wonderfully so— and the wo
man who wants to look well should begin
to think about her purchases, for Easter
13 March SO and Easter Sunday will b»
here before she knows it.
yoke, while the vest and remainder of thm
bodice can be of something else, usually
the material of the drop skirt. In thisi
way one gets the handsomest of gowns
without spending the handsomest of
prices.
The New Umbrella.
It is time for the spring umbrella. So
far the pearl handle holds its own, par
taking of the fancy for pearls. It Is a
cFear white handle and comes. very cheap
ly. One can get quite a variety in tha
pearl handles.
One cf the pearl handles shows a knob
of silver; another shows a very wide flat
handle of pearl, bound with silver along
each edge. A third pearl handle has its
little crook, with little silvered trimmings.
The wide, flat pearl handle now ieada in
favor.
Silver may be the metal of spring, but It
is not a showy metal. Its virtue is that
it is cheap, and one can have that which
is known as the real thing without paying
too much for It.
But silver will never be as decorativ*
as gold, and even the filled pold is more
to be counted upon, from a standpoint of
effective gowning, than silver.
The tri-cornered hat Is out in a new
style, which threatens to draw a certain
clientele its way at Easter. It 1b turned
up at each side and at the back, so that
the front -comes down low over, the fore
bead In a ixjtnt. .
A lovely hat " of this description was
boxed and marked with the name of Mr*.
O. H. P. Belmont. It was In yellow satin
straw, so open as to need a lining. It
was in braids of most fancy-' design. Soft
pink cMfton peered through, the open
xnesbes.
The trimming under the brim will trail
upon the hair and it will be, if not a bird
trimming, then flowers. The bird that
poises' under the brim is very pretty, but
the flower treatment Is best for spring.
The chiffon scarf is good under the •brim
and Is very graceful as it sweeps . the
waves of the coiffure.
Trailing* Trimmings.
The Easter hat In certain of Its-vari
eties will be turned up at one side. The
hats that are turned down In front and
turned up at the back will be Been, but
by far the most popular hat will be the
one that has its side tilt. The perfectly
round bat, with its small curling . brim,
is made to tilt by an arrangement of
bandeaux.
On the contrary the very large hat
should not be worn by very short people
or by those with very small faces. The
immense hat is reserved for immense
height, and,> as the inches. of the girl di
minish, her hat should grow smaller. The
.small, compact toque Is the prettiest for
la petite.
There Is a tendency toward the three
cornered hat and the brim of the hat is
turned sharply up at one side and draped
with bands of velvet ribbon, to give the
effect of a trl -cornered hat, tied with gold
cord. This Is really pretty and very chic.
Unfortunately the hat that turns back
from the face is not becoming to many
and cannot be worn by those of more
than a certain age. Once past the de
butante period, or once over one's finst
two seasons, then the hat that turns
back from the face reveals too much and
gives a mature look to the brow, whicn
Is not to be tolerated by those of good
taste.
Fow will be the small, hats. Hats will
project, if not over the face, at least over
at one side, so that the appearance of a
large hat is preserved.'
For an Easter brim drapery there will
be many a chiffon length used and many
a bit of tulle veiling. The veiling, as it
is known, is a little heavier than chiffon
and is covered with French dots. The
French dot is made of velvet and is dif
ferent on opposite sides of the veil, white
on one side and black on the other.
The dots upon one heavy cream colored
veil were gray on one side and red on .be
reverse. Upon another they were black
on one side and cream colored on rae
other. Still another showed black dot*
on we side and turquoise on the other.
The mnftf-r of. dotting a. veil, be it chlf-
The draping of the brim Is an Important
thing, but the milliner will advise you
upon this point.
Draping the New Brims.
Go -.o your milliner and tell her your
needs and, if she be a kind-hearted
woman, and most milliners are, she will
assist you. She will probably lit you ou:
with one of those new satin straws, new
each season, and new again this year,
that require so very little trimming. They
come this season with a top made of
Btraw flowers, very small yet very pretty,
and with a flat brim so arranged that it
can be lifted at one side.
To the woman who makes her hat this
cormr.e Easter it can be said, "the milli
ner if your best friend."
It is one thing to be economical and an
other to bruit it abroad. Fortunately it
is not now necessary to publish one's
necessity to the world, for hats can be
made, as well as purchased ready made,
and the hats of Easter, some of them,
seem specially designed for the woman
who must put odds and ends together to
make her a chapeau.
It Is one thing to look at an Easter hat
and another thing to purchase it. It is
the thing, of course, to buy, and those
who have the money should lose no time
In laying it out, but there are just a few
who have to think twice before they
spend once, and yet who are of t that
proud build that does not want such a
fact to be too apparent to the whole
world.
flowers are treated. One of these Is quite
deserving a place in the highest art gal
lery of dress records of this century as
an . artistic achievement. The fabric, or
the foundation upon which the flowers are
treated. Is a blue satin of high finish.
A yard of Spanish lace is purchased and
the flowers are cut off the lace. There are
Spanish laces ! that are very coarse and
that show big open roses. This is not the
true lace of Spain, but it is the color of
Spanish lace and feels like It. the same
satiny touch and the shiny outside; so it
passes -for real Spanish. x «X
After the flowers are cut out they are
appllqucd under the satin at short inter
vals, and the satin is cut out on top of
the lace, or over it. leaving the raw edge
of satin on the right side. With a needle,
now, an embroidery design In white silk
Is used, so as to outline the flowers.
There can be a catjtltch of silk or a
more -fancy one, the object being to se
cure the lace roses well In place. Around
the whole there is now worked an empire
•wreath. Or a little i lace • can be sewed
around the whole, to look like an empire
design. ' This .fabric is used for the over
dress of" an evening gown and for the
bodice.
. In employing so delicate a material, and
one that involves so : much handiwork,
there is an opportunity for ingenuity. Tho
underskirt can be long, but the overdress
need not be so lengthy. It can fall just a
little below the knees, to meet the flounce
which is on the drop skirt and which be
gins to billow out just at the knees. . So
with the bodice.- : .
The fabric need be used only in the
their wearing properties. •¦ .-• ' - ¦
¦ Flowers; always the- emblem of spring,
'will ! be- seen . this March and April in
•great •- profusion.- There' really seems no.
limit to the number: of 'Trays "in which.
• Spring cuffs are wide bands much : trim
med. 1 One cuff is half white • satin i and
half blacksatin.. It is banded with black
velvet' ribbon.". Another cuff shows'arrup
per part ¦ o£ green j and a .lower ¦ part of
The Lady Lenox long cloak Is a lovely
thing. In deep blue, of very light weight
satin cloth, it Is trimmed down the front
with a jabot arrangement of red silk,
edged , with white ¦ and j embroidered - In
black dots. This mixing of red -and blue
la much seen and has the merit- of. look-
Ing well always, for no • two colors mix
better or stand the climate -with' more
It is very ingenious to select roses that
can be easily, matched - ¦¦ in the natural
blooms. Then one can add half a dozen
natural roses to the* artificial ones upoji
the muff and be elegantly gowned,' indeed.
They say. that the muff will be carried
on the hottest of August evenings as a
piazza accessory, Just as the . ermine
shoulder cape . is .worn all summer and
the fur traveling cape. Be that as It
turns out later, certainly there are enough
muffs making now to Insure such a re
sult. -¦¦. ¦- ¦-• ¦¦ -. ¦•-..¦;.¦ •¦- ..-
Natural and Artificial.
Mrs. Fish is to have a muff of blue chif
fon, very light j and. untrlmmed save by
flounces- of the chiffon and puffings with
out number of the same and layers of Jace.
Such an immense muff as it is, very flat,
very deep and at' least half a yard wide.
It i« light and. will-weigh nothing carried
in. the hands, and -that it makes a pictur
esque ornament none will deny.- , ; .
"The Easter muff niay be o/fur. .. There
Is the coronation muff, which shows er
mine with carnations, and . there is an
other coronation muff of minever and lit
tle roses. The middle of the muff, the
muff proper, is. Quite concealed under the
bank of roses that lie upon it. At, each
side roses project, dancing, at the end' of
their long stems and making a' lovely bou
duet
The Easter muff is a thing not to be for
gotten. It is a soft, chiffon like affair to
be carried Easter day and after Easter
until June. The people Who are. planning
a Newport season, Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish
and Mrs. Duncan Elliott, and the others
who lead the society of matrons, have sev
eral ordered In their coming wardrobes.
The complexion veil is the very thin one
that comes next to the face. It is in rose
color and gives. a pretty glow to the
cheeks. Tnen there is the veil that is
draped around the brim of the hat, the
plumage veil it is called,' because if there
be a bird's breast around the brinvit holds
the feathers in place. .
Finally there comes the medium heavy
veil, all dotted, or squared or open meshed
— the show veil— that falls from the hat
brim over the face. It is. merely a matter
of arrangement, the wearing of these
veils, and not so very difficult when one
becomes accustomed to handling them.
Mrs. Admiral Dewey wears two veils
always and so protects that complexion of
which she is so proud.
Spring Veils.
A big soft tulle toque was made of wire
with a wire crown and a wire brim. : The
.whole was prettily covered with chiffon,
with the outside layer of -.chiffon dotted
with lozenges of black velvet. The toque
-was slightly tilted and there was an ex
aggerated .rose at one side.
Veils will be numerous and costly. Such
fancies as appear in the veil line must
really be seen to be fully appreciated. Tho
modish hat requires not one, but three
veils, all worn together, - though each in
its appointed way.
The wire hat is to be very popular. This
is the hat made of wire underneath, but
bent and shaped to the head. It is after
ward trimmed with manne and cniilon
and with veiling and flowers, until it be-,
comes a hat. Toques are made in this
way and the loveliest of little flower hata
to the. complicated arrangements of last
Kaster. 'ir.e nat of medium size, of very
simple shape, ruuud in tne brim and me
dium hign in tne crown, seems to tie me
basis upon which the milliners are work
in?. Tiien comes the looping of tne brim
the draping of the. crown and the evolu
tion or tne snape. •' . ¦
7
THE EASTER HAT AND THE EASTER MUFF'By Captain of '- Detectives Seymour.
WHERE MOST OF THE HOLD-UPS TAKE
• , PLACE.
By District Attorney L. F. Byington.
An officer upon a warrant Is Justified ln killins; one accused of felony If
he resists or flees. A kllllnr to prevent an escape after a felony actually
committed is Justifiable.
In making arrests in misdemeanors and in civil suits, life can be taken
only where the party arrested resists by force, and not when he merely
escapes.
A citizen may Justify the taking of life when necessary to prevent the
commission of a felony. To justify homicide there must be reasonable
grounds to believe that a felony is about to be committed. A citizen has
the right to kill ln the prevention, but not in pursuit.
The footpad has absolutely no rights when he commits an overt act.
THE LAW FOR POLICEMEN, CITIZENS
AND FOOTPADS.
¦ the unit tlmo calling; out that I was an
officer.
"Lucky for you I called out first before
firing." said the druggist when h» rec
ognized my voice, for It was he who,
hearing; m« ln th« store, had rrabbed a
gun and rushed out from another room
prepared to shoot.
"The door had been left open quite by
accident and In line with my duties I
was obliged to investigate. Had I been
ln uniform he could have recognized m«
at a glance outlined against the show
window, but as I was ln citizens' clothes
any other man in his position miyht have
shot first and called out afterward.
Still another view is taken of this sub
ject by Attorney Stephen Costello, who
was accosted by one of Henderson's iranc
on the night they .killed Policeman Rob
inson.
"I wasn't armed that night," he said,
"but I am now. and if I was held up a
second time i think I would shoot, unless
there were circumstances to prevent It.
"I can't too strongly condemn the prac
tice of officers wearing citizens' clothes
Instead of their regular uniforms. Both
Joseph Pedro and Policeman Robinson
would be alive now but for that fact.
Criminals will never fight policemen in
uniform. Instead they always give them
a wide berth, and Joseph Pedro would
not have run from Crackbon to hla death
If he had been ln uniform. As It Is now,
no one feels safe at night.
"As an illustration of this let me cite
a .little incident that occurred shortly
after these double tragedies. At the lodffo
I attend the regular business of the even
ing was almost completely lost ln the
discussion of the recent hold-ups and th«
shooting. Suddenly some one asked how
.many men were armed, and fully 95 per
cent of those present produced weapons
and declared they would use them. That
shows how much the men of the- city are
wrought up over these affairs."
On the other hand, Rlx N. Hamlin,
who was held up by Nelson and Davis at
Jackson street and Van Ness avenue and
robbed of two dollars at the point of a
pistol, says that if he were held up again
he would submit just as readily to the
ordeal as he did the first time.
"Talk about using a pistol is all right,
but when a footpad has a gun ln your
face you're it. that's all. Of course I
would never be startled at being accosted
by a policeman ln citizens' clothes. You
can tell them by their walk, by their car
riage, by their manner. In fact, I don't
think their clothes makes much differ
ence one way or the other."
On the other hand, Samuel D. Palmer,
who was recently stood up by a lone
highwayman, who stepped suddenly from
a doorway, thrust a pistol ln his face and ~
relieved him of $7. presents another view
of the case. • \
"It I were held up a second time I
would do the same thing over again—
quletlv submit." he said. "I don't go
armed now for the reason that I might
shoot an officer In citizens' clothes -who
happened to stop me. Instead of a real
rootpad. How Is one ROlng to tell the
difference In the dark?"
And so on the whole the question of
what you would do if you were held up
by a footpad Is still a perplexing problem,
which every man must answer for him
self, with the chances apparently very
much against him. no matter how h«
acts.
the right to stop any citizen whom he
may think is acting in a suspicious man
ner 'and require him to give an account
of himself, where he lives, what his busi
ness is, /where he has been and where he
Is going, and if the answers be not satis
factory . he has the right to search the
man he has stopped, of accompanying to
the address he has given as his home and
of taking him to the police station for
further investigation and a closer search
If the circumstances seem to warrant It.
In view of the tragic death of Joseph
Pedro, what is a "citizen to do when he is
accosted by a policeman in citizens'
clothes? How is he to -tell that he really
Is a. policeman and not a footpad? These
questions were put to Chief Wittman.
• Easily enough," he answered. "Every
officer is obliged to call out that he la a
policeman and to exhibit his star when
approaching any one on the street while
ne Is ln citizens', clothes, and no good cit
izen will refuse to stop and answer all
questions honestlv and frankly.- He will
be glad to tell who he is, where he lives
and -what he is doing, and. he'll be proud
"The rights of the policeman are the
same as the rights of the citizen..- The
rules of the Police Department require
him to carry a revolver, but he is not al
lowed to use it except in defense of his
life or to prevent the commission of a
felony or" the escape of a man he has
seen commit a felony or a man whom he
is sent to arrest on a warrant. He has
fortunate enough to be held up,you won't
suffer much Ios3. And, as E s&id before,
because the 'footpad counts upon" boldness
and surprise as the chief elements ln his
attack, it is best to walk close to the
outer edge of the. sidewalk to guard
against sudden attacks from dark door
ways or blind alleys. When the highway
man observes that you are on your guard
he is likely to fear that you- are also
armed,^ whether you are, or not, and to
give you as wide a berth as you are en
deavoring to give him. Besides, the outer
edge of the sidewalk gives you a wider
field of operation, If a chance offers for
effective resistance and you decide to take
advantage of it.
to know that the officer Is so wide awake
to his duties. No; no honest, upright cit
izen is ever afraid of an officer. Ordin
arily it is only the criminal— the- man who
knows he is guilty and has something to
answer for — who runs away."
•The possibility that the darln* footpad
might adopt the same methods and mas
querade as a policeman, which was feared
by Joseph Pedro and which is a jrowin*
dread with hundreds of other men and
women, was suggested to the Chief. Ha
laughed at the possibility.
"Why," In all my years of experience
in the Police Department I have never
yet heard of such a, thing," he said de
cisively. "No; that is the very last thins
any one needs to be afraid ot The foot
pad would be taking too many risks.
He might find that the man whom ho
had stopped was a bona fide policeman
- "And we want the footpads to hold up
the poUcemen. That is one of the rea
sons 1 1 ordered them to wear citizens'
clothes. If they would only stand up a
few officers we would soon clear the city
of the vicious ' element. Another reason
was that the citizens* clothes were abso
lutely necessary, r not only; to. catch the
footpads, but" to capture burglars -and
those guilty of grand larceny as well.
"When the^ men are in uniform with
the star ln full display they can be dis
tinguished for blocks even on the dark
est nights by their general outlines, if
by no other signs. The thieves know this
and lay low until the otlicer has passed
along his beat. Then, setting a man to
watch him, they have a clear field to
operate. -The policeman, even after ha
has detected them, has no chance to
Bneak up and catch them unawares.
And they are too clever to be taken any
other way. They would know him for
what he is at a glance, and, as he can
not use his revolver except ln extreme
cases, they are sure to escape.
"If he only suspects them and attempts
to follow them ln uniform, they are on
their guard at once and can keep them
selves at a good distance ahead of him
ready for Instant flight at the first alarm.
But in citizens' clothes the thieves cannot
detect an officer so readily and he has a
better chance of stopping and searching
them for weapons or the tools of their
craft before they even suspect who he
Is. In this way we have caught some of
the most expert and notorious burglars
in the business this year. " •
"With so many hold-ups and burglaries
taking place, the only recourse was to
order the policemen into civilian dress.
You can easily see the wisdom of that
for yourself. The policeman, however, is
taking more chances than anybody else,
for he may be held up as a private citizen,
or he may be shot as an officer when he
makes known his identity, as Policeman
Robinson was."
Policeman Taylor, the hero of the fight
with "Kid" Goucher, "Brownie" and Hen
derson of the "Wegg" - gang, supplies
good evidence of the possibilities of this
latter phase of the case. He is a tall,
fine looking young man, with a clean-cut
lace and the supple figure of a college
athlete. Dressed < in a fashionable over
coat-and a broad-brimmed Alpine hat of
the latest design," he might be mistaken
for anything •but^-a policeman. He was
asked how the officers liked to be on
duty in citizens' clothes.
"Not very well," he said. V'lt is like
a horse" accustomed to the harness. One
feels very uncomfortable without the uni
form. Of course, it has its advantages.
One can get closer to suspicious charac
ters without causing alarm, and the
chances of catching a criminal unawares
are much greater. But it has its risks,
for one is liable to be shot by a footpad
or a burglar, as a private citizen as well
as officer, or to be shot by the private
citizen as a footpad Instead of an officer.
"An adventure I had the other night
illustrates this. I found the door of a
drugstore at Sixteenth and Market streets
, wide open. At first glance It looked as
if the place had been entered by bur
glars, for where a light should have been
burning the place was ln absolute-dark
ness. I waited awhile to Bee what was
doing, and then, fastening back the lapel
of my coat under my star to keep It in
plain view, I cautiously entered the store,
and, after groping about a few moments,
struck a match to light the gas.
"Instantly came the order "Throw up
your hands!' Instantly I obeyed, and at
Following co quickly upon the heels of
the murder of Policeman Robinson, this
second tragedy thrilled the city with
Then followed the shooting of Joseph
Pedro, an inoffensive citizen, recently ar
rived from the country, by Policeman
Joseph Crackbon. also of the Mission
District, of whom Pedro stopped to in
quire the way to his home, as re was
completely confused as to his where
rbouts. Crackbon, who was in citizen's
clothes, had been watching the young
man's strange and uncertain actions for
tome time and decided to investigate, but
when Pedro heard the announcement th3t
he was confronted by a policeman he
Legan to run. Now thoroughly convinced
that he had a criminal to deal with,
Crackbon called upon the fleeing man to
halt, and when Pedro, who was gaining
rapidly and seemed quite likely to dis
tance h'.s pursuer, did not stop, the po
liceman fired, as he says, at the ground,
but the bullet hit the fugitive 1b the
back and he was found several hours
later, lying dead upon the sidewalk more
than a. block from where be had made
his escape.
A little over two weeks ago Policeman
Robinson of the Mission district was shot
and killed by three members of the
"Wegg" gang, the worst fraternity of low
desperadoes In the Middle West, who are
little known here, but who have been
driven to San Francisco from their
haunts in the East through the combined
Influence of the vigilant police and the
severe v.inter weather. Robinson's death
was the first murder in a long series of
hold-ups, and when the sensational de
tails of the affair became known the peo
ple of the city were thrown into a panic
of. fear and dread. If the thugs were
growing vicious enough to kill even the
peace officers themselves, what hope wis
there for the ordinary unarmed citizen?
It was to catch such murderous foot
pads as these that Chief^of Police Witt
man crdered all policemen in the out
lying districts to go on duty in citizens'
clothes after midnight. That order went
into effect just a few days before the new
year. . •
The Judges in their turn have been try
ing to help the police make themselves
the terror of evildoers by passing long
sentences on men convicted of highway
robbery. During -the r>a«t three months
nine notorious footpads have been sen
tenced to serve out terms ln Folsom and
San Quentin aggregating over two hun
dred years for the beggarly theft of $135 50
which represents the combined plunder
of the whole desperate gang. One man
will spend twenty-five years in. San Quen
tin for a hold-up which netted him abso
lutely nothing. " Another thug, who
knocked his victim down and robbed him
of $100, the largest amount' secured ln sny
hold-up this winter, only " went . half a
block with the spoils of his crime before
he was caught and lodged in Jail. Hia
trial and conviction were speedy and he
is now serving fifteen years in San Quen
tin.
This remarkable congestion of the Jails
aroused the Grand Jury to action, and
the foreman. Colonel Charles Sonntag,
went to the Presiding Superior Judge and
asked him to assign four more Judges to
try criminal cases.
The prisons are so densely crowded with
men and women awaiting trial that the
police complain that they have been
obliged to abandon several important
roundups of vagrants and other undesir
able elements that are looked upon with
Euspidon because there is no place to
confine them during the long periods that
must elapse before they can be brought
to triaL.
Of robberies alone more than "a hundred
have been reported and nearly fifty ar
rests have been made for this crime since
the first day of November. In the same
three months over one hundred and fifty
men and women have been taken prison-,
ers and locked upon innumerable charges
of burgla.ry and grand larceny, which the
police say are all so closely allied that
many of the accused are guilty of a!l
three crimes.
- j»*cr three months past the most hard
ened and desperate criminals in the West
have been, holding high carnival, waylay
ing citizens ln-the dead of night and even
in the broad "light of day, robbing them
at th-? point -tot the pistol and in many
cases brutally beating them when tne
amount of the plunder -obtained.^ (Jid not
meet with their expectations^' .'
else with a feeling of apprehension
much akin to terror. And not without
good cause, as everybody knows, for the
record of crime for the winter ln San
Francisco, which both Chief of Police.
Wittman tfnd Captain of Detectives Sey
mour declare is the worst ln years and
v.hich has just resulted ln a double trag
edy, gives startling proof that the ques
tion lias suddenly become something more
tbrn a mere matter of Idle jest.
1F you were held up by a footpad, what
would you do?
That Is the question every one Is
now asking himself and everybody
And the question has been answered
with startling variance of circumstance
and opinion by Chief Wittman, who ! tell?
the rights of the citizen, the rights of the
policeman, the rights of -the, footpad and
what to do if you meet this man; by Dis
trict Attorney Byington, who outlines the
law on the subject; by Chief of Detectives
beymour, who describes the zone of dan
ger; by Policeman Taylor, who shot and
captured Henderson, the- leader of the
desperadoes who killed Policeman Robin
son, after a sensational running fight and
who points out some of the risks the po
licemen are subjected to by wearing citi
zens' clothes; by Attorney Stephen Cos
tello, who encountered the Henderson
gang on the fatal night, and not only de
clares that he is carrying a revolver for
Instant use when the. next attempt is
made to rob him, but who cites an inci
dent which shows how thoroughly the
citizens are aroused over the recent
crimes: by Rix N. Hamlin. who was stood
up once without resistance and savs he
would do the same again; and by Samuel
D. Palmer, another victim of a lone hi eh
wayman. who also has theories of his
VH££ dIs POse of the footpad first "
said Chief Wittman. "He has no rights-
Ut £ y nOne _ The m °ment he con
ceives his nefarious crimes his riehts
cease, and every man's hand Is set againsl
him, or ought to be. He only needT to
execute his vicious plans- to place him
entirely beyond the pale of the law
,J OU fihoul d meet this man' whn^
would you do? If he what
Is armed, and of
course he is, for he
would never think
of operating without
a weapon— if he is
armed, and you are
not, what can you
do? The better part
of wisdom is to
stand and deliver. /¦
He is determined to
have your money '
and if you resist he ¦ ' s
"iay kill you. and
then what good is .
your money?
-"That's, what I
would do -If I were - <
stopped by '-"a foot
pad. Effective • re
sistance, is so much
a matter of circum
stance that no set
rules can be applied.
He may be bigger
than you. He may '• : -.
keep so far out. of
reach that you can
not grapple with
him and disarm
him before he can •-
shoot. Unless he is ' j
a hardened or a V"» 'I." '•''¦> '
practiced criminal ' I* '
he may be almost as " ".••
badly frightened as ->'Vv'w
you are. Nearly every footpad counts
SrU^Vft 0 "* 11 l £ e dements of sur
prise and boldness. He comes upon you
suddenly and startles you out of the
Jh? U Shi*° f reS if anCe - " y°« «n ' turn
« % it . on hlr " as suddenly you may
lincl the elements of surprise and boldness
? U nt e H S , 8t 5 ong ln your f avor, .bun if the
M ' s desperate enough to attempt a
shoot usu ally desperate enough to
* "S n t the other han d you have the right
to kill any man who stops you with felon
ious Intent. The law gives you that rlehf
and protects you in It. If a man enters
your house to burglarize It, or with other
felonious Intent, you can kill him. and
you have the same right if he tries to
take your property from your person by
force, or a show of violence of any sort
but you have no right to carry weapons
of any kind unless you first receive a per
mit from the proper authorities.
"In these strenuous times, however, the
best way is not to carry much money or
valuables at night, so that if you are un-
The question has been asked by the
Sunday Call of the'men best qualified to
answer It; the men who have been held
up and plundered by the thugs, who tell
what they would do if held
up again, and the men of the law who
have been engaged lor years in the busi
ness of thief-taking. .
horror. It was the very reverse of what
would hav« been expected under the cir
cumstances. The sudden and hitherto
unsuspected possibility that the belated
wayfarer would not be able to distinguish
friend from foe in the darkness made the
outlook doubly foreboding and gloomy.
The man who Is out late at night has"
to consider only four possibilities wherein
he may fear danger is lurking. . .
He may be stopped by a friend ; who
recognizes him.
He may be approached by a stranger
peeking information of time or place.
He may be halted by a policeman who
thinks his actions need investigation.
He* may be held up by a '¦ footpad, or
several of them, bent on robber y or vio
lence. . - '¦• • .
Those are all, but with two tragic
deaths as the outgrowth of the last two '
possibilities, thousands of men, and
women, too, who are kept outuntil the
small and early hours by pleasure-seek
ing or duty and whose way toward home
lies through dark and unrrequented dis
tricts are trembling with fear and won
dering what, are their /rights, under the
circumstances, that will insure their safe
ty. And so it is that the question of
what you ought to do if you are stopped
by a footpad, which was the by-word and*
the jest of the city when the first hol"d>*
ups took place, has now. grown into a
very serious problem.-
NINE FOOTPADS SERVING TWO
CENTURIES FOR STEALING $135 50
Amount Term in
Stolen. Prison.
$12 0*— John H. Wood, alias Frank Graham, an ex-soldler, stood
up Phillip© Orell at the corner of Pine and Sansome streets
on the night of December 11 and robbed him of a watch •
and rlnr. Grell resisted and held Woods till police arrived. <
Woods was convicted and sentenced to Folsom Life; or
about 50
years.
No thief— Eugene Cazeneau held up Charles Romano with a pistol in
the early morning on Broadway. Romano grabbed the pis-.:,
tol and kept Cazeneau covered till police arrived. For this,-, .
assault, which netted Cazeneau absolutely nothing, he was
sentenced to San Quentin .'....*. 23 years
H 00 — Frank Johnson and William Collins robbed James Quinn «of > •"
tl about midnight on Third street, for which crime both
were convicted and sentenced to Folsom.
Frank Johnson '. 7 -years.
William Collins .- 14 years
1100 00— Robert Thompson waylaid a farmer in the doorway of an alley
off Fourth street, knocked him senseless and robbed him of
$100. Was caught by the people who live in the alley, con
victed and sentenced to San Quentin 15 years
$3 00— Frank Nelson and Edward Davis stood up Rlx Ilamlin, a.
stenographer for the Standard Oil Company, at the corner
of Jackson street and Van Ness avenue, shortly before
midnight and robbed him at the point' of the pistol. /Then
they boldly passed the police station, one block/ away,
where their suspicious actions attracted attention, and Nel
eon was caught with the pfander. Davis was taken later
and both were convicted » . /*
Frank Nelson to Folsom -.""I .... 27 years
Edward Davis to San Quentin ....• 33 years
$2 M— Jackson Williams waylaid a pallor in a doorway at Jack
son and Davis streets one night in December, knocked him
down and robbed him. Was caught before he could escape,
however, and after being convicted was sentenced to Fol
6°ni 20 years
$18 00— Albert R. McElwaln, alias Albert R. Davis, held up and
robbed Jacob Small. He was pursued and caught by the
police, and after being identified by his - victim was con
victed and sent to San Quentin ....; 10 years
»»" Tota » ...". 20lV*ars
THE SUNDAY CALL
There have not been so many hold-ups In years as havs occurred this
winter. '.They are due to a variety of causes. First, the strike Is accounta
ble for a great many. Then.' a large number of , soldiers ar» being: dis
charged from service in this city. They soon spend their discharge money
and turn [to , the highway to recoup themselves. Then the rigorous weather
In the East" and in the Klondike particularly drive the criminals this way
for -the -winter. ,Most of the men who have been robbed, however, were
drunk or befuddled with drink. The records of the cases prove that, and
most ; of the I hold-ups have occurred ¦ In the district bordering close upon the
Hall of Justice, . where the saloons are so numerous. As to the wisdom of
officers in citizens' clothes, you will have to aeo the Chief. That la his
order. .
8
CHIEF WILLMAN TELLS WHAT TO DO IF YOU MEET THIS MANno_text1
it in his breast and looks about the ba!<
cony to see if he can find his sweetheart.
The lovers finally discover each other
and sit on the steps of the balcony to
talk over old times and their present
bliss, filled with alarm the while lest
Dolores' father and Don John's brother,
the King, should discover them.-
The King has decided upon a royal alli
ance for his brother, and Dolores* father,
as a loyal follower of the King, would
not have his daughter aspire higher than
"an honest Spanish gentleman." The lov
ers have an evening of trouble, and fin
ally the King is thwarted and the lovers
triumph. Thus goes the dialogue of this
love scene.
Dolores— It is true you are unchanged.
Your eyes look Into mine Just as they
used to. '
Don John— Why should they not unless
they're changed by weary waiting.
Dolores— Ah, waiting! We have not
waited, 'twas but yesterday you went
away— to-day you have returned. The
time between was nothing. Just as empti
ness to me — time vanished and forgotten.
I thought you might be changed. They
were great years for you— you rained
your victories and, with the self-same
ease as once, one day, you won my heart.
Don John— Was It one day?
Dolores — It was one day I knew it. *
Don John— What beauteous day? Ah.
tell me.
Dolores — One day I was alone, and sang
all day. Wherefore this song? ; I asked
myself. The answer was, "Don John."
The answer and the song I sang both
meant the same— Just wordless melody,
whose every tone was love.
Don John: — I never knew the day I did
not love you. Before that ,time I never
lived, and if I gained my victorles,so easy
it was" because I wished them over., with
to hasten back to you. Sit by me here:
let me hold your hand. Where is my ring?
Dolores — It is here, quite near my heart.
I do not dare to wear It openly save in the
dark of night. ¦ •
Don John— And here's my rose— the spot
less flower you threw me.
Dolores— Alas! I threw it not: I would
not have dared. It was an accident.
Don John— An accident? . . .
Dolores — It knew you were a hero, and
fell and bowed Its head.
% Don John— 'Tls best we marry quietly.
Dolores— Ob, I promise you that; I'll
DID you ever try to discover a logi
cal reason for the great gulf be
tween love in vaudeville and the
legitimate? The difference is very
striking, if you will stop to con
sider it, but why should there be one kind
of love for the varieties and another for
the drama, since 'tis an anxiom that all
love is very much alike the world over.
And yet the distinctions are as pro
nounced as traditions among the actor
folk.
In vaudeville all love scenes are rated
according to their value as mirth pro
vokers. The divine passion must never
be anything more serious than a jest, and
it may be as broadly farcical as the
actors can make it. Love, Indeed, is the
most frequently burlesqued of all the hu
man emotions, and the most successful
lovers in vaudeville are those who show
their affection by saying the most un
complimentary things about each other.
In the legitimate the other extreme
finds highest favor and they love best
"who pay each other the highest compli
ments. Of course there are grades be
tween.
If you go to the Central Theater this
week or any other of the fifty-two weeks
In the year you will find love a strong,
fierce, primitive emotion, greatest of all
the virtues, scorning utterly all subtlety.
The hero and the heroine love each other
with a constancy and earnestness that is
only surpassed by the villain's hatred of
both of them through four long acts of
melodrama.
At tha Alcazar or tha Grand Opera
house you will find still other grades. It
may be either the passionate tempestuous
ardor of a Sapho or a Zara, or the vola
tile, coquettish fancy of the heroine of a
French farce. There Is more of art and
.more of complexity, uut always there are
the extremes. -
At the Columbia or the California thea
ters the stage lovers rise to higher, if
more repressed, flights of fancy. Note
the romantic ardor of the hero and hero
ine of the "Pride of Jennlco" last week
or the Impassioned wooing of Charles Dal
ton In the "Sign of the Cross" this week.
Or study the love scene between Viola
Allen as Dolores and Don John of Austria
In the second act of "In the Palace of the
King." It Is the very essence of sweet
sentiment seriously expressed and sounds
particularly captivating even in print.
Dolores' father has commanded his
daughter to go to her room and stay
there, since she has tossed a rose to the
great Don John of Austria, who has just
returned from the wars of Granada, and
so, as the father says, has become "the
scorn of all the court." Dolores leaves
the great hall of the palace, saying "For
him a Queen; for me, what? And yet he
has my letter near his heart."
Then Don John conies back from the
chapel to pick up the rose and is. dis
covered by Dolores, who has lingered at
the door. Don John kisses the rose, puts
make no noise about It till 'tis done: and
then, I fear my heart will break all
bounds and finding voice, will sing it to
all Spain.
Don John— What says this letter? I'd
rather you speak the words than read
them.
Dolores— It say*— I cannot, find tha
words, try as I may. "I love you" seems
inadequate!
Don John— You stole that phrase from
»«. / ¦ . . — v ;¦• ' r ....
Dolores— I think I wrote it to yon first,
and then you wrote it back to me again,
and then it says "Come in the early even
ing to our rooms: father will be on duty."
You aee. I thought we'd find no other way.
of meetlnr
.- v. •'¦ : » ....,¦' '
Don John— I shall be there.
Dolores— Tou will not fail?
Don John— I swear it. 1 -.¦
'Tls then Dolores' r, father appears and
he lovers for the nonce are separated.
For the necessary contrast In these .ax-
blue, which, by tha way, It Is said was
originally part of a court train of Mme.
du Barry. When Mrs. Campbell made her
entrance she wore over this gown a cloak
of black velvet trimmed with ermine and
lace. - - . .
™£t ot * Nethersole. brother of
Olga, and she took Olga's place in Sapho
L as } Be , aa ° n - It is said that this taste she
had of the part set fire to Sadie's ambi
tions and she. will play It again If sha
gets a chanca.
Wee tots of all ages in dainty cos
tumes of shimmering fabrics are the big
feature of the Juvenile Fairyland Car
nival which began last night at the Me
chanics' Pavilion. There are nearly two
hundred of them, and six of the prettiest
and cleverest of the lot. shown on this
page, are seen to excellent advantage In
the fancy dances, t cakewalks. singing
minstrel shows and the little operettas.
"The play's the thing" has been quoted
oft and aptly, but in these daya^if scenic
splendor and gorgeous costumes the play
er, her modiste, her milliner and her Jew
eler, would seem to be of far more im
portance. In the columns of criticism of
Mrs." Patrick Campbell's New Tork debut
in ! "Magda" her dresses received the
greatest attention, the first act gown
especially.
It was a powder blue satin, made with a
bodice similar to that worn at the time
of Marie Antoinette. The sleeves were of
lace, trimmed with tiny diamonds, and
the bodice was of brocaded silver and
treraes of love in vaudeville and the legit
imate, here is a scene between Kelly and
Violette at the Orpheum. Their billing
and cooing is the usual stage quarrel of
the varieties set to music, with much
more of refinement than is usually found
necessary for a rousing good vaudeville
sketch.
The picture is eloquent of exaggeration
from, the yum -yum pucker of the lips to
the mock gallantry of the poses. It is
the end of their sketch — the reconciliation
after the quarrel — which Is executed In
the words of a song they sing al
ternately and in concert. One verse and
the chorus will be enough to point the
moral of these contrasts.
I wan' to tell you now, I got a wife.
She's de bestes' g-al -what was.
I i<ald to her. "I'm groin' to take a stroll."
She says, "I don' care what you does. ¦
No, you need' n' come home."
No, you need'n' come home.
I picked up my satchel and I went away.
I did'n' think that Td done wrong.
Come back an" seen her peekln* thro' de door.
An* she hollered. "Well, so long."
CHORUS.
Farewell, fare the© well.
Hard thing to have your wife throw you out
an' yell :
Tou need'n" come home, don't you dare to com*
home.
Tn the same way the coronet worn by
Marcia "Van Dresser, e3twhlle prlma don
na of the Bostonians and now leading
lady for Otis Skinner in "Francesca da
Rimini," is creating a greater furor than
her acting. It is a copy of the coronet
worn by a Countess of the fourteenth
century when she sat for a mosaic medal
lion, which Skinner found a few years
ago in an Italian museum. Needless to
say it is a creation of regal splendor
poised nightly on the dark locks of tha
beautiful actress.
"When next Blanche "Walsh comes to
California, which the ever active pres*.
agent says will be soon, she will present
a brand new play by H. J. W. Dam, tha
well-known California author. It Is
called "Madeleine." The story of tha
piece is laid In Paris, and the title part
is a powerful character drawn on broad
lines, which permit Miss Walsh to run
through a whirlwind of passions In every
scene. Also to wear some costumes that
are described as dreams.
The strenuousness of modern Ufa has
found another Intensely exciting thrill In
"Molly Pitcher," the Revolutionary play
in which Kathryn Kidder Is starring this
season. In this the heroine loads and
fires a cannon In the battle of Monmouth,
and Miss Kidder executes this scene with
a vim that is good, for half a dozen cur
tain calls. It Is a play is which. tha
player rises transcendent.
Viola Allen has just expressed a sen
timent that will be sure to create a sen
sation among the actor folk. "It may
seem ungracious and ungrateful to say
so," she says, "but to me the encora la
anything but artistic. I do not Intend It
for a discourtesy to the public for wt
all love to have our work appreciated,
and I am not expressing a lack of appre
ciation for public plaudits or approval.
But the acknowledgment of a call Invar
iably dispels the illusion created by an
artist and his or her company. "We work
all evening trying to forget ourselves and
to impress with the characters we repre
sent; then in a moment pull down the
entire creation by steppin* out of th©
character to acknowledge tha kind recep
tion of our admirers. The kind of recalls
I do believe In Is that of continuing th«
picture, retaining the Impression by a
continuance of the action. 1 '
Frank Worthing, the popular hero of
so many fascinating love scenes with
both Frawley and Henry Miller. Is still
one of the greatest matinee favorites In
New Tork. He la said to have a splendid
part In "Lady Margaret," a drama In
four acts, freely adapted from the French
by Edward Rose, In which Amelia Bing
ham will inaugurate her second season
as an actress-manager.
Sadie Martlnot la trying herself aa a
star for the second time and In a play
that seems to be no mascot. °he is tha
THE SUNDAY GALL.
LOVE IN VAUDEVILLE LEGITIMATE
10THE SUNDAY CALL.
St. Valentine heard the decree and was
very sad. . . He "knew so many .worthy
drawers of water/, so many excellent
youngi. hewers of stone, .so many ambi
tious stucco makers and so many; smart
' .You' who are going • to be married this
year can imagine -the consternation . this
created. Plans ./were laid, courts were
mapped out, the great stone Jugs -for
housekeeping had ; been . made and baked
and glazed, and were . ready. And now
there could be no marriage ! But; though
the sorrow, and indignation of ' the : people
were great, ' they could say ' no word. The
Emperor's word was law, and ,to • dispute
it would have' been like "putting one's body
In! the arena or offering up one's tongue
for the tearing out. ....;,
Just how Valentine came to be regarded
as the Saint of Love is not accurately
known. ' People who have fallen in love
are notoriously forgetful; and those who
profited by. his benefactions forget to
leave - a strict account of the circum
stances leading up to the case. One of
the tales— a very well authenticated one-
Is this: One day in a fit of jealous passion
the Emperor, whose ; latest lady love had
fled from him, gave forth a royal decree
that for one whole year there should be
no -. marriages in Rome. / Tjhe } royal . edict
was proclaimed throughout the city and
told from the temples. .- : :
A Cruel Decree.
In the midst, of this unhappy state, of
affairs, for Claudius was an unusually bad
man; Priest Valentine walked serene.
The people from city's gate to city's gate
knew him; and none knew him but to love
him. 'His purity. and his unselfishness
made him a saint on earth-. and his con
tinued loveliness maintained him in that
holy spot. • :
with. ministrations. His advice was good
and so, seeing the happy culmination of
love, others sought "him, and so his pop
ularity grew. Finally, in' Jealousy t tho
Emperor beheaded him.
He Died for Love.
"Out of all the legends of those days this
fact stands clear:^ Valentine was the
friend of those m love, and he died for
"them. Claudius In Jealousy caused~hlm
.to be put out of the way. Ha perished
for love without love's sweets.
¦ To this day a little touch of sadness
"clings around St. Valentine's day. There
is sentiment and In sentiment there must
be a trace of sorrow or^ it Is not senti
ment! The .bitter and ' the sweet, the
sweet predominating, make up agreeable
sentiment," the kind the .devotee of St.
'Valentine loves to hug to his heart.
'-¦¦'¦ While the actual day of St. Valentine
has, passed away there is no doubt that
:the actual meaning is. still here. The
token of the : hearts, on the
Day of Hearts, Is undeniable. It Is un
. derstood.
-- 5 In ' childhood there; is the merry , little
gift, often anonymous, and " the laugh —
for I only * children dare , to laugh at , love.
But" In the older .world it has a deeper
- meaning*, as Is proven by the provision
: made" f or the day. In . expensive trifles . and
¦"'•great" costly, 1 tokens. ',.-. And so. the man
.'who -died • for'love 1 Is ¦ remembered, even
j" within the gates of the twentieth cen
'tury, and the people who canonized him,
thus making him a saint, have their fol
.: lowers in the people of 'to-day. And-each
: . valentine ' that is purchased is ' a I direct
tribute to Cupid, through whose following
: was created the greatest saint outside
/¦ the ; annals of sacred history.
AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
When the people . learned that \ he \ was
: gone they_ grieyed "greatly, and, on thf an
niversary, of : his ."death, they." gathered
quietly and : secretly : together and 'gave
each other little ' tokens of love; -many
were united in marriage. .
/Another 'tale has It' that, good;' Father.
" Valentine was partial to all ¦ those - in
.trouble; and, ; as mostly "earthly troubles
arise from- l6yi n g an d being in love
love of 'the past," the. present "or \ future-^
•he found his time -and " his heart ' filled
,.- When" the Emperor learned 'of this he
was exceeding wroth and caused'Valen
tine to s be thrown Into prison, where ". he
mysteriously, disappeared;'" ;lt : was sup
pesed by the ax. ' , / : . . ; *V\.
Of course, an , act . of . this kind j spread
throughout the kingdom, ;and, ; if history
were ' fully .written, It .would : doubtless
state that Valentine stood at the altar all
day- and that his vestments were burnt
with ; the : ashes and ; streaked with . the
fluids in his haste to get through the wait
ing 1 crowds. .' ;' : -, ¦-';':", , .'. i ;*
. It was at this time that it occurred
to , the saint to remonstrate with . the Em
peror, and. this he did quietly,, but with
fervor.' His plea was without avail. Then
Valentine did the rational; thing." He dis
obeyed the Emperor's commands \ and se
cretly " performed the ceremony * for ., all
those who had planned marriage.' •
Defied the Emperor.
young mixers of pigments, all of whom
were ' looking forward to an early mar
riage; in their, homes, patiently waiting,
were the young women, and to them the
postponement meant still more) for, then,
as now, man's love was of ' man's life a
thing apart, but 'twas woman's whole ex
istence. St. Valentine saw them grieving
and grieved with them. \ ;
Valentine was a priest. He officiated In
the temple and he had a great following.
In those days the Emperors were not al
ways good men. The. halo of the throne
was no guide to better ways and the man
who sat in the high places peered Into
the darkness of the baser. world and se
lected from it his enjoyments. .• His ar
rows of pleasure were pointed recklessly
and often hit his own subjects. They
submitted, but -hatred grew up in their
hearts. \_ ' , , - •'-// .
The man who so Imprinted himself upon
the affectionate and eternal remembrance
of the world died over two" thousand years
ago. He lived in the reign of the Emperor
Claudius and was one of the principal
personages of ancient Rome, or Rome In
those days when '• it was ; between great
age and medium modernity.
A saint; who can so Impress himself upon
the whole world as St. Valentine has done
must have been a remarkable personage.
To-day there is probably no one in the
wide earth who has not heard of St.
Valentine unless that person be deaf and
stupid and not of the world. The name
lives and travels on and becomes known
to each generation of childhood almost as
early as Santa Claus; the baby of four
knows what a valentine is and the man
of ninety has not forgotten. , •
Rival of Santa daus.
Why, when hands and hearts are com
bined, are heads omitted? Ah, that's dif
ferent and is quite another story.
deeper meaning; and in the jewelers'
shops there are tokens that are undeni
able—gold hearts, - Interlocked hands
clasped over that ever important member,
the heart; and little love words In chasing
cunningly arranged around the Inevitable
hands and hearts. • ,
But in the large shops there repose great
silken pillows with a word about Valen
tine, lettered below a picture of Cupids;
and at the confectioners' there are . big
and sundry cakes denoting the coming
day. The silken tokens and the cakes,
with their expensive accouterments, still
carry with them a suggestiveness of
In these latter days St. Valentine is
viewed a little more flippantly. He is the
god of an evening's fun; the excuse for
a cotillon, with Cupid for favors; or the
saint who provides a theme for little gay
colored bits of paper that are passed
around from child to child without more
than a bit of child's play for meaning.
The crop of engagements directly fol
lowing St. Valentine's day was enormous,
and many Easter weddings were the di
rect result. In other cases the engage
ment found culmination a year from Eas
ter, and for fifteen months, according to
old Dutch custom, the two devoted them
selves to proving that they were worthy
of each other. -'"'- \
It is not so very many years since the
ardent swain waited for and depended
upon St. Valentine's day to help him
through the ordeal which he had In mind,
and through which he knew he must pass
ere he could attain the object of his ado
ration.
FRIDAY, the day of ill omen, takes
en, this year, a cheerful aspect.
High in the courts of the , unseen
world sits Cupid, the God of Lcve.
It is the day of St. Valentine, his
memory day, when tokens are sent in
honor of the dead saint.
For twenty-four hours the God of Love
holds court and the ardent swain 'may
declare himself In words true and plain
unto the lady of his 1902 choice.
CLAUDIUS' PERSECUTIONS THAT MADE VALENTINE THE SAINT OF LOVE
remarks concernln' me, I'll wind up "by
commentin* on. his conduct with a bowie.'
" 'As I Intimates, Old Houston is that
pride-blown that you-all couldn't stay in
the same ten-acre lot where he is. An'
he's worried to a standstill fof a openin'
to onload on the Texas public a speciment
of his dignity. At last, seein' the chances
comln' some slow, he nacherally ups'an'
constructs the' opportunity himse'f.
" 'Old Houston's home camp that a"way
is at a hamlet named Washin'ton, down
on the Brazos. It's thar he squanders the
heft of his leesure when not back of the
game as President over to Austin. Thar's
a clause in. the constitootion which,
while pitchin'- onto Austin as the pub
lic's home-ranche or capitol, permits the
President In event of perils onforseen, or
invasions or sech, to round up the arch
ives an' move the capitol camp a whole
lot. Old Houston, eager- to be great,
seizes onto this yere tenet as presentin'
the chance. . *
" 'I'll jest sort o' order the capitol to
come down; yere where I live at, on the
Brazos,' says Old Houston, 'an' tharby call
the waverin' attention of the Lone Star
publlc to who I be.' .
"'As a 'argyment leadin' up to this
atrocity Old Houston allows- that .Austin
is menaced by Comanches. Shore, it ain't
menaced none: Austin would esteem the
cleanin'out of that entire Comanche tribe
as the labors of a holiday. But it -fills
into Old .Houston's hand to ¦, make thid
bluff as a excuse. An' with that he issues
the order to bring the whole gov'ment
lay-out from box to check-rack down to
Washln'ton on the Bra'zos. .
" 'No, as I tells you 'all before,' Austin
ain't in no more perils from Comanches
than she is from grizzly b'ars. Troo,
these yere rannikaboo savages does show
up in paint an' feathers over across th3
Colorado once or twice \\ but beyond a
whoop- or two an' a little ; permiscus
shootin* Into town, which nobody minds,
them vis'tations don't come. To give you
all gents a idee how little important these
Comanches is to my, Texas forefathers,
I hears my old gent tell of Bill Spence,
who keeps a store in Austin. Bill's addin'
up Virge Home's accounts at . the time in
his books. 'One pa'r of yaller top, copper
toe bbots for Vlrge, joonior, three dol-
"HEADY"! AT THE' WORD TH£S RIFLES FALL TO A HOR'ZONTaIj AS STIFF AN' STEADY AS . A ROCK.
*' 'An* if Old Houston,' observes Colonel
Morton, who's a knife fighter an* has
sliced divers foes from time to time; 'an*
If Old Houston ain't more gyarded in his
" 'An' for these yere followin' reasons to
¦wit. explains Old Houston when some
Austin sports puts it to him p'lite, but
steadfast, that he's onjust to Jedge Webb.
'I permits Colonel Morton to talk some,
because it don't make a splinter of dif
ference what Colonel Morton says. He
can talk on any side of any subject an*
no one's ediot enough to pay the least
attention to them remarks. But this slt
yooation is changed *when you-all gets to
Judge Webb. He's a disaster. Jedgs
Webb never opens his mouth with sub
tractln' from the sum tdlal of hooman
knowledge.' I divulges no secrets when
I says that these explanations of Old
Houston's is distasteful to Colonel Mor
ton an' Jedge Webb.
"Colonel Morton an* Jedge Webb them
se'fs wades through that carnage from
soda to hock freeln* Texas, an' they sort
o' flggers that these yere services entitles
them to be heard some. Old Houston,
who's born -with a notion that he's doo
to make what public uproar any o'caslon
demands, don't encourage these two pa
triots. He only listens now an' then to
Colonel Morton; an" as for Jed^re Webb,
he jest won't let that Jurist talk at alL
" 'Old Houston himse'f on the hocks of
them vic'tries he participates In, an' bein'
selected president like I says, grows as
full of vanity as a prairie dog. Shore!
he's a hero; the drawback is that his no
tion of demeanin' himse'f as sech Is to
spread his tall feathers an' strut. Old
Sam gets that puffed up, an* his dignity
Is that egreeglous, he feels crowded If a
gent tries to walk on the same street with
him.
" 'About the first dash outen the box
old Houston gets himse'f into trouble with
two Lone Star leadin' citizens whose
names, respectif. Is Colonel Morton and
Jedge Webb.
" 'When we-all Texans settles down to
conduct and kyarve out the destinies of
that empire which we conquers from San
ta Anna an' the Mexicans we pitches on
Austin as the capital an' old Sam Hous
ton to be President. An" I'll say right
yere, old Houston, by all roomer an' tra
dition, is mlghtly likely the most presiden
tial president that ever keeps a republic
guessin* as to whatever Is he goln' to do
next Which he's "as full of surprises as
a day an* a night in Red Dog.
" 'When you alloodes to Deaf Smith
County,' goes on Texas, pickin' up tha
game where Jack shoves back, 'it brings
up a story my old gent Is wont to tell of
what takes place In them tempestuous
times followin' our Lone Star independ
ence from Greaser dom'natlon that
a- way."
" 'I'm camped in Coyote Canyon,' says
Jack, 'on the western aige of Deaf Smith,
as you-all states. I'm that far to the
•west I can set at my fire an' reach out an'
put my hand on the State line. 1
*' 'You-all was sayin*.' remarks Texas
Thompson, 'about your camp that time
bein' in Deaf Smith County.'
" 'Said transaction," says Jack, 'is right
in line from the Texas . standpoint. la
that excellent commonwealth, the 'leventn
commandment taught In all the syna
gogues Ircm Brownsville to the Canadian
an' from Paso del Xcrte to the Lcosiana
line is "Xever eat your own beef.* I don't
reckon new that you allows I'm weak
enough to go sawin' off on them savages
any Lee-Scott steers, an' tharby deplete
my own folks? I ain't so plumb locoed
as all that. Still, I don't quit winner final,
when I counts up my game; every hcof
cf the ten broncos turns in an' dies within
forty-eight hours after I acquires title.
What? Why, the Comanches p'sens 'em;
that's the s'lootion cf the miracle. For
all that's low an* contempt'ble . an* in
an'-out that a-way, you can put down a
stack on a measly Comanehe as bein' a"
r.aeheral born leader of the cotillion. I
lose the cayouses. the Fryin* Pan folks
lose the steers, the broncos lose their
lives, an' the Comanches is the only vic
tors. I shore wears a extra gun for them
copper-hooed defaulters for more'n a year,
but I never cuts their trail ag'n.*
" 'You gives 'em the 'Fryin' Pan' steers,*
comments Dan Boggs, 'an* you-all w'irlin'
your rope for the Lee-Scott outlit at the
time! Which I shore admires ycur no
tions of commerce a whole lot!'
" 'Shore!' I says. "Injun allers wants
heap, but this time Injun gets jest five
spotted buffalo. Injun Is plenty lucky
when I don't whack him over his top knot
with my gun an' take possession of them
cayouses. onder the gen'ral head of "good
cf the order,' returnin' nothin' tharfor.' "
An' with that I rounds up an* endows that
visitin* delegation of Comanches with five
bovines, all wearin' the 'Fryin' Pan'
brand, an' takes said ten cayouses as my
reward.'
" 'Injun no can tch,' retorts the main
spokesman buck; "mebby so you give us
ten; mebby so you give one hundred; In
jun want heap.'
" 'Which I'm settin* in my camp,' says
Jack, 'when these yere dull-colored mav
ericks shows up. "We wants spotted buf
falo," says the leadin' buck as the bunch
cirkles 'round for a pow wow. They're
hcrdin' ten ponies along for a price.
"How many spotted buffalo do you-all
reckon you'll need?" says I.
conversational game an' he concloods with
some confidences of how one time when
he's got a camp in Deaf Smith County,
down in the Panhandle countrjv he bar
ters cattle for ponies with a passsl of
Comanches an' gets the worst of .the
play.
THIS yere o'caslon when Texas
Thompson relates abQut that Deaf
Smith dooel," observed tile old
cattleman, "is one of. them com
fortable evenin's in Wolfvtlle.
Jack Moore has been dealin' the
Copyright, 1902, by Robert Howard Rus-
HIS
"It's here . Texas pauses like, his '. tale
has reached Its ' end. We-all waits a mo
ment to make shore he's finished. Then
! Dan Boggs, as usual, let's fly a question:
" 'But how about them book3 an* pa
pers?' says Dan.
" 'Oh, nothln' partic'lar,' returns Texas.
•It turns out like Old Houston prophesies.
Three days later, vain an' sopercilious,
he rides in single-handed, corrals tfiem
archives, an*.. packs 'em haugtftlly off to
' *he Brazos a whole lot.* " .
" "With the bark of the guns -an* while
the white smoke's still hangin' to mark
the spot where he stands, -Deaf Smith's
hoss runs to him like a dog. The next in
stant Deaf Smith Is in the saddle an*
headed away like he's on the wings of
the wind, for . Old Houston- an* bis far
away camp on the Brazos. It's ' Jest as
well. Colonel Morton's plenty poplar
with the Austin folks an' mebby soma
sharp, in the'first hysteria of a great loss,
overlooks what's doo to honor, an* by
way. of vengeance, up an* plugs this yera
Deaf Smith.' . .
" * "Ready!" At the word the rifles fall
to a horizontal as stiff an' steady as a
rock. "One— two— three— fire!".. an' Jedga
Webb drops his handkerchief. Thar \s a
crack like one gun; Deaf Smith's hat half
turns on his head as the bullet cuts it.
while Colonel Morton stands a moment
an* then without a sound, falls dead on
his face. The lead from Dead Smith's
big ; rlfle drills him through the heart.
Also, as it first perforates that gold re
peater, an* as the blood sort o' floods an'
clogs the works, the Austin folks decides,
final, It's no use to send It on to Looey
ville; but retains it that a- way as a keep
sake of Colonel Morton.
.brown leather, the other in cloth as good
as gold can buy. No one thinks of any
difference between 'em, however, in a day
when courage is the one, lone test of
aristocracy. That fight, as Texas views
it. Is even an' equal in its ground plan;
in the nobility of nerve, thar's nona to
stand higher than Colonel Morton an'
Deaf Smith.
""Then they fronts each other; one la
" 'Jedge Webb, if this Deaf Smith, gets
me, as most like he will, send my watch
to my mother in Looeyville.'
" These yere cavaliers Is to shoot . it
out at one hundred yards. As they takes
their places, Colonel Morton says:
" The sun 13 restln* on the sky-line over
the West. All Austin has done crossed
the Colorado an' lined up to witness this
yere dooel. Deaf Smith comes ridin' In
from some'ers to the no'th, slides outen
the saddle, pats his hosa on the neck an*
leaves him organized an' ready fifty yards
to one side. Then Deaf Smith steps to
the center, an' touches his hat, mil'tary
fashion to Colonel Morton an* Jedga
Webb.
" 'That may be as It may," returns Col
onel Morton. "If I downs him, so much
the more' credit; If he gets me, at tha
worst, I die by a famous hand."
•• • "But, Colonel Morton," remon
strates Jedge Webb, who's some scan
d'lized at the- colonel hookln' up for blood
with thl3 yere black stranger, "you-all
shorely don't aim to flght-this party? He's
deef an' dumb, which is next door to beln*
locoed outright.. Moreover, a sport of
your standln* can't afford to go ramblin*
about an* lockin' horns with every on
known miscreant who comes buttln' in
with a missif from President Houston, an'^
goes stampedin* through a winder by
way of exit." •
" ' "Onknown!" retorts Colonel Morton.
"That letter-packin' agent is as well
known as the Bio Grande. That's Deaf
Smith, Old Houston's bosom friend; which,
a gamer name never answers to a roll
call!" -,~ ;'\'
" "That settles It; while no gent except
Colonel Morton recognizes this yere ceT
brated war-eagle, the name of 'Deaf
Smith* puts a end to talk. '_".? ;- *
Colonel Morton," observes Jedga
Webb, some horrified when he learns tha
Identity of the black stranger, "this yere.
Deaf Smith is a shore shot. They says
he can empty a Comanche saddle four
times In five at three hundred yards.'*
stranger handles It like it's a willow
switch.
"As this darksome seemln* gent lands
in among Colonel • Morton an' Jedga
Webb, he stands thar without sayin' a
word. Jedge Webb, on his part, is plumb
amazed, while Colonel Morton glowers.
'"Whatever does you-all regyard as a
fa'r market price for your skelp?' Baya
Colonel Morton to the black Interloper, at
the same time loosenln' his knife.
"Tha black stranger makes no reply;
his hand flashes to his bowle, while hla
face still wears its Iron look.'' Jedge
Webb, some hurried, pushes in between
Colonel Morton an' the black stranger. '
Jedge Webb Is more for peace, an* don't .
believe In beglnnln* all negotiations with,
blood, which is rather, the Colonel Morton
notion of a j'Int debate. Jedge Webb dic
tates a passel of p'lite queries to this yers
black stranger. Tharupon, the- black
stranger bows p'lite an' formal a whole
lot, an* goln' over to the table writes
down in good 'English, 'I'm deef an'
dumb.' Next, he searches outen' his war
bags a letter. It's from Old Houston over
on the Brazos. Old Houston allows that
onless Austin comes trailln' into hla pres
ence with them records within three days,
he'll ride over a whole lot an' round 'em
up himse'f. Old Houston declar's that
Austin, by virtue of them Comanches, la
as onsaf e as a poker game on the Missis
sippi, an' that he don't aim to face no
sech dangers while performln* his sacred
dootles as President of the Texas Com
monwealth.
"'After the black stranger flings tha
letter on the table, he's organlzin' to go
out through the winder as* in. But Col
onel Morton sort o* detains him. Colonel
. Morton writes on the paper that now tha
black stranger Is through his dootles as
a postman, he will, If he's a dead game
sport, stay over a day, an' him an* Col
onel Morton can entertain themse'fs by
pullln* off a private war of their own. The
Idee strikes the black stranger as plenty
good ah' "while his face still wears its
ca'm, hard iron look, h*e writes onder Col
onel Morton's bluff, 'Rifles; no'th bank of
the Colorado; sundown this evenin'.' Tha
next moment he's; leaped from the plat
form to the winder, an' from thar to the
ground an' is gone.
•"JJhls - gent who swoops, hawklike,
through the winder, is dark, big, bony an'
tall, his ha'r is lank an' long as the mane
of a hoss; his eyes 1 Is big an' deep an*
black; while his face, tanned like a In
jun's, seems hard as Iron. He's dressed
in leather from f oretop to fetlock, is shod
•In a pa'r of Comanche moccasins an' be
sides a 'leven-inch bowle knife in his belt,
packs as good a rifle as ever shows up In
Austin. This yere weepon— a big elght
squar', with a forty-two Inch bar*l, she
is— will weigh twenty pounds, an' yet this
'-'? 'Colonel Morton is talkln' an' Jedge
Webb is presldin' over this yere convoca
tion—which said meetin' Is that large an'
enthoosiastic It plumb chokes up the hall
an' overflows Into the street— when all of
a sudden a party comes swingin* through
the open winder from tne top of, a scrubby
oak that grows alongside of the buildln,'
and drops light as a mountain lion onto
tho platform with Colonel Morton an'
Jedge Webb. Nacherally^ at this yere in
terruption affairs comes to a halt, an'
them local Austin sports turns in to con
sider an' count up the invader.
•%They won't move. They resolves to
go to war first; an* a small army is or
ganized with Colonel Morton in command
to gy'ard the State House an* the State
books that a-way, an' keep old Houston
from romancin' over an' packln* 'em off
a lot. . -r>ri"-. .'-,£
, " 'My name's Sam Houston, an' it ain't
Mohammed none,', retorts Old Houston.
'Moreover, the difference p'inted to Is
further augmented by the fact that Mo
hammed don't have no written constitoo
tion, an' I do. This yere capitol is'comin'
over onto the Brazos to see me as I or
dains, or, in deefault tharof, I'll shora
enter upon some festlv'tles that'll be'
known in Lone Star annals as the last
daySy of Austin."
" 'Nacherally. when Austin gets notice
of old Houston's plan to re-locate the cap
ital for the summer, that meetropolis Jest
r'ars back on Its hocks an' screams. The
faro-bank folks an* " the tavern folks is
Bpeshul malignant, an' It ain't no time
before they-all convenes a meetin' at the
State House to express their heated views
on old Houston. Colonel Morton an' Jedge
"Webb does the oratory. An* you-all hears
me! that assembly is shore sultry. Which
the epithets they applies to old Houston
would sink a boat.
; " 'All, the same,' says another, *your
action reminds me of the story that Elder
Peters tells or how long ago a Mexican
named Mohammed Issues a* cold com
mand for the mountain to break up camp
an' come to him. But the mountain calls
his bluff; that eminence stands pat. It
don't move, an' that Mohammed Greaser,
which the Elder allooded to, has to go to
the mountain.' :.. •'
"'No; Old Houston- does wrong when
he fljngs forth this yexe ukase about
moyin' the /rapltol. Austin, even If a gent
does have' to dodge a arrer or. duck a
bullet as he prosecootes his daily tasks,
is as safe as a camp-meetin'. When Old
Houston makes . the order ', one- of his
Brazos pards reemonstrates with him.
•Which Austin will simply go into the air
all spraddled out,' says this pard.
*• " 'If Austin sails up In the air an', stays
thar,' says Old Houston, 'still you can
gamble that this yere order goes.'
am,'. Bill calls to Jiis twelve-year-old son,
who's down cellar drawin* a gallon of
redeye for a customer; "Hiram, you-all
take pap's rifle^ raise the hind eight for
three hundred .yards, an* reprove them
hostlles. Aim low, Hiram, an* If you
fetches one pap'll give you a seegyar an'
let you smoke It yourse'f.' Bill goes back
to Vlrge Home's account, an* Hiram aft
er, slammln' away with Bill's old Haw
kins once or twice comes In an' gets his
seegyar; the Comanches, meanwhile, pull
in' their freight a heap.
lars; one red cal-co dress for Misses
Virge, two dollars/ goes on Bill. At this
epock Bill hears a yowl; an* glancm' out
of the .winder where he sits he counts a
couple of hundred Injuns who's proselyt
in' about over on t'other side of the river.
Bill don't get up none. He Jest looks an
noyed, on account of that yellln* puttin*
him out In his bookkeapin'. As . a bullet
from them savages domes slngin* In th»
r*ar door an' buries itse'f in a BUgar
cured ham. Bill even gets Incensed. 'Hir-
JLjB 6WI ¦*/* £r <?/:
WOLFVILLE STORIES
11Under the general caption, "A Glimpse'
of Old Mexico," and the explanatory sub
title, "Being the observations and reflec
tions of a tenderfoot editor while on ; a
Journey in the land of. Montezuma.'j
James H. Wilkins of San Rafael has pub-?
Iished a series of letters in book form. In'
a brief preface to the little volume Mr.
Wilkins says: "These letters were writ
ten, as they purport to have been, dur
ing a two months' stay in Mexico, with
no other object in view than to fill a little
space in a country newspaper." Fortu
nately during Mr. Wilkins' absence tha
A Glimpse of Old. Mexico.
SCHLEY AND SANTIAGO — By Geor«* Ed
ward Graham. W. B. Conkey Company, Chi
cago. • ' sS
THE CAT'S PAW— By Bertha If. Croker. J.
B. Lipplncott Company, Philadelphia. In pa
per, BOc. ¦ ,
INFANT SALVATION— By M. J. FIrey.
T>.t>. Funk & Wagmails Company, view Tori*.
$1 20.
LACHMI BAI — By Michael White. J. F.
Taylor & Co., New York. W 00.
THE STRENGTH OF THE WEAK — By
Chauncey C. Hotchklss. D. Apple ton & Co..
New York. $1 50. .' \ .
Books Eeceived.
Elder & Shepard of.San Francisco have
demonstrated that there really can | be
something new under the sun by publish
ing the most novel set of valentines that
has ever appeared in San Francisco. Wal
lace Irwin has one from their press that
matches his book of "Love Sonnets of a
Hoodlum"— the verse Is very funny and*
the 'drawing, by. Gelett Burgess, quite
unique. Price 33 cents. "The Youngster
Series" . will doubtless -. prove popular.
There are four in this series, and each"
one is very 'delicately done in color and
with rhymes to give the proper valentine
spirit. Price 40 cents each. The "Jackass
"Valentine" has an appropriate verse un
der the photographic head of a donkey,
that gives' a ¦. delightfully personal touch
tothe valentine and is sure to' make a hit,
with the recipient— whether for better or
worse depends upon the discretion of the
sender. Price 25 cents. On the sazne^ order
Is one with a photo^of a cat at the top
arid another, with . a dog; also 23 cents
each. A valentine for,: "The Strenuous
Life," one for "A 'Riddle", and another for
"The Fool's Confession" add to the varie
ty of those already mentioned. The pub
lishers are certainly deserving of great
praise for at last having broken away
from the old conventional and stereo
typed fashions .In valentines: that have
been in vogue for so many years and giv
ing to ¦ the public something; new and ar
tistic as welL ...... . _,
i .'¦¦¦;¦>.•¦ •¦'¦;'-"¦-•¦ . - ¦¦ - '¦ ¦ >
Novel Valentines.
wooden disk worked up and dowa; and finally
- the beverage thus cooked is poured out Into
small wooden bowls. 4 _
Every Tibetan carries In the folds of his
simple robe or sheepskin one or more of thesa
I little cups, and also his own bag ot tsamba,
' from which he thickens the liquid according
to his taste. The bowl is replenished with tea
again and again, until he has had enough. .
Then he Invariably licks it clean before re
placing It In his bosom. It is never washed.
Neither is be. ; His greasy fingers are merely
rubbed 'on his hair or drawn across his gown.
\ Rich and poor alike eat this common food
out of this' common cup. - The cup Is . made of
; red word from tl\e root of a tree, but It Is
sometimes lined with silver and so richly or
namented as to cost £20 or £30.
j His first exploit on the trail wa's an attempt
to Jump a cactus fence, from which he emerged
with more: stickers' In bis hide - than a porcu
pine. -The new .forms" of 'animal life, also,
nearly, made him idiotic.,. He tried ever so hard
to get down to business," flushed an iguana,' an
Interesting lizard about' six feet' long and doubt
less would, have. come to a stand at a caiman
or. alligator,". if. one. had happened along.: Then
he became footsore ¦ and | traveled j most of the
time on three ' legs, | holding one in reserve for
emergencies. He ; wilted under. the severe ' heat
till he had not' energy enough left to raise his
tail, and if it had. not been for numerous water
holes along ' the,' trail, | caused by recent rains,
his bones .would now be adorning the landscape
of Mexico."'- But that was not all. Every house
along th« I trail and 1 Very pack , train swarmed
With native dogs. These are the most wretched
On this particular trip Mr. Wilkins took
with him a fine setter dog called "Dew
ey," A recital of the dog's troubles serves
the double purposeof a good story on the
dog and also calls the attention; of the
reader, to , what; a difference 1 there must
•be between this fairyland and -our own
California: t/% •
feels he must seek the hidden gold of
foreign lands will find valuable. For the
general reader the book is equally ; inter-'
esting, for Mr. Wilkins has the knack of
the clever newspaper man, that happy
faculty of seeing everything that goes on
and then the- still more happy gift of be
ing able to tell about it In. a. way 'to 'hold
his hearers. -¦',•.•
.Mr. Wilkins has filled; his ;book with
excellent; half-tone reproductions of snap
shots • taken during the trip, which serve
to illustrate ; the text and make, the little
volume one of the best works of , the kind
that has come to J our : notice. I It is pub
lished by the Whltaker & Ray Company,
San Francisco. \ > "
looking and odious curs that the eye of j man |
ever rested on. If you were to compare them
in .appearance to a . coyote, the j coyote - could
Justly accuse you of throwing mud* .And their
disposition Is on a par with their, looks. Nat
urally, they regarded the opportunity, to chew
up a dude setter as a kind of windfall never
to be overlooked and attacked .our : poor, quad
ruped in numbers at every turn of. the trail.
Now,; Dewey, in his 1 far-away home, showed ,
none of the warlike characterlstics.of the great
admiral, His ways were distinctly those of
peace. But when he found himself assailed h»
a foreign: land, without Just cause, he defended
:tbe- dignity and honor ; of the . American
with a \ spirit and gallantry that would have j
filled his illustrious .'namesake's' heart with
pride. Though beset by \ overwhelming odds,
he proved' victorious in. many sanguinary -bat
tles, and, soon,-, encouraged by. uniform success,
; and further by discovering that there ; was | not
¦ much fight In his opponents, anyhow, he took
to charging the" enemy with the utmost aban
don, without waiting for overt acts;" After. that
?his troubles .with the curs were at an end. If
Dewey ever returns to the '; United States he
twill have.lots to tell' the gringo dogs about his.
travels , in * Mexico, and will , doubtless become
I a canine Slnbad the Sailor among them. . ,.:.'..
will weigh about eight pounds. '• .'
Poor, as the tea \s the Tibetans could not
live without it. Mixed with butter and
tsamba, ' or barley flour (the suttoo of India),
it forms the staple food of the country. .•
-Many housewives. keep the pot boiling all the
day. In some parts a sort of stock solution \s
prepared, > the tea being boiled with soda for
several j hours till all its strength Is extracted,
and then the liquid is strained off and kept.
A little of this solution is added to each. fresh
brew of tea while It lasts. " * '
Ordinarily the process Is this: A handful
of brick tea Is taken from the leather bag: and
put into the pot. Butter, always rancid, is
added, and the llqu!fl*is boiled for about ten
minutes. Then it is strained, and afterward
churned In a' bamboo tube', by. means of a
Those who take up the book expecting
merely the usual .guide book stuff that
Is generally found under the title .¦ of
"glimpses" of countries have a pleasant
surprise in store for them. Mr. .Wilkins
writes of the mining country, the lumber
regions, the j land I of the sportsman j and
the investor. He' tells you just what you
want to know and all in a light and en
tertaining way that holds your . interest
from start to finish. - j . "',
While it is true that the book was writ
ten during a two months' stay in: the
mountains of Mexico, still 'one must not
be misled by that statement into the be T
lief - that Mr. Wilkins'. knowledge of 'the
Ian* and Its people is limited to that two
months. He is not a parlor ! car. window,
writer—one who dashes through, the coun
try and then writes volumes., it; is; easy
to be seen in the first few pages that he
has gone into his subject heart and soul;
that he knows whereof ¦ he writes , not
only by varied personal experience but
by close study of books and attention to
the tales of other, travelers as well. . '¦ _
"A Glimpse of Old Mexico" . contains
matter that the embryo . prospector j. who
employes of his printing office gathered. :
the series together and published them :
in pamphlet form. These copies wer,e so ¦,
highly appreciated that a demand has 1
been created for the letters in permanent '
form, consequently the appearan.ee of the :
present volume. i
225 volumes of commentaries, including works
on general subjects, - such ¦ as grammar, rhe
toric, mechanics, alchemy, etc.
Tea Bricks. .
The Tibetans consume immense quanti
ties of tea. Thousands of camels from
Mongolia, and' a. still larger- number ot
yaks from the Chang, come ; down every
year to carry up the tea. One of the high,
ways through -the country is called the
"Tea Road."
What tea they get from China Is poor stuff
at the best, being excessively coarse. It!is
pressed, with the stalks and stems, into solid
bricks, which are afterward seweh up In skins.
The size varies a little,, but an average brick
The Kah-gyur, or Tibetan Bible, con
sists of one hundred and eight volumes
of one thousand pages each, making one
thousand and eighty-three separate books
Each of the volumes weighs about ten
pounds and -forms a package twenty-six
inches long by eight broad and eight deep.
This colossal code requires a dozen yaks for
its transport, and the carved wooden blocks
from which" It is printed need for ; their stor
age rows of houses like a good-sized village.
The contents are chiefly translations from Chi
nese and Sanscrit works. The original blocks
are still being used after, two hundred years,
and almost every monastery, has its complete
printed edition.
In addition to this voluminous text there are
man who Is worshiped' by Tibetans as a
god. He often holds public receptions.
Since his worshipers are in thousands, and
it is only to those who are wealthy or of high
degree that he can afford to address even a
brief sentence or two,' this is always done in
a deep, hoarse voice, acquired by training, in
order to convey the Idea that it emanates from
maturity and wisdom. " .
SeatM cross-legged on a platform some six
feet high, he Is dressed to t^e worshiped in
the usual colors of priesthood, red and yel
low, and with bare arms, and holds a rod
from the end of which hangs a tassel of silk,
white, red, yellow, green and blue. The pil
grim, coming In, advances with folded hands
as if in prayer, and, resting his head against
the edge of the platform above him, mentally
and hastily repeats the, petitions . he . would
have granted.
The Dalai Lama As understood to compre
hend intuitively; he touches the pilgrim's head
with the bunch of silk in token of his bless
ing, and the worshiper is hurried out of the
east door, only too happy If he h.as passed say
half a minute in the presence. Persons of rank
or substance are permitted to mount the plat
form and to perform obeisance there, receiv
ing the. required blessing by actual touch of
the Dalai Lama's hand.
;'. . A BigiBible. .
_The World's Work, for February pub
lishes entire for the first time in America
Rudyard Kipling's "The Islanders," which
has raised a veritable furor of discussion
In England. Frank Norris, the author of
"The Octopus," in an article entitled "The
Frontier Gone at Last" shows how tha
Anglo-Saxons have at last encircled the
globe with conquest. Captain JIahan
adds to an interesting series of papers
which have appeared in various publica
tions one in The World's Work on. "The
Growth of Our National Feeling." George
lies, author of "Flame, Electricity and
Camera," writes of Marconi's triumph.
An intimate view of Dr. Lyman Abbott
Is given by Hamilton Wright Mabie. Dr.
Abbott's associate on the Outlook, and the
striking career and personality of Tom
Johnson Is described with particular ref
erence to his- work as Mayor of Cleve
land. A plea for better wages for teach
ers is made by William McAndrew, and
the consolidation of American railroads Is
described, with a colored map for lllustra
.tion, by M. G. Cunnlff. Some striking
pictures of California big trees are accom
panied by text written by Richard T.
Fisher. Among the other Illustrated arti
cles are a description of the wonderful
La Prensa, the Buenos Ayres philan
thropic newspaper; a story, by Arthur
Goodrich of how the Connecticut farmers
are growing tobacco under tents; a
"Guacho's Day's Work," by William Bnl
fln, who wrote "Tales of the Pampas";
Helen Lukens Jones' description of the
greatest olive ranch in the world, in Califor
nia; the exciting experiences of the party
who carried the United States mall far
thest north In Alaska, by Dr. Francis H.
Gambell, and a story of how the ice last
year blocked traffic on the great lakes un
til May. Hugh H. Lusk tells of an inter
esting experiment In New Zealand for the
prevention of strikes. "The March of
Events" and "Among the World Work
ers" run over their usual wide gamut of
topics of contemporary Interest.
The plot of the novel Is an interesting
one and skillfully developed. Still, the
particular merit of the book lies in the
brilliant scries of character sketches
which It offers. The characters are of
wholly different types; yet the reader is
made to feel so distinctly the individuality
of each that they excite in him an almost
equal degree of interest Perhaps the In
fluence of Mrs. Hunter is felt somewhat
more strongly than that of the others.
Even In the drama of real life it is often
the person with a genius for iniquity who
manages to gain for himself the center of
the stage. (Published by. the Century
Company, New York. Price, Jl 50.)
which find a happy or unhappy termina
tion during that part cf the career of Mrs.
Hunter which touches their lives.
An Audience With a God.
The Grand Lama, or Dalai Lama, is the
If a boy disgraces himself by continual lazi
ness or Incompetence , his tutor is publicly
caned. What do you think of that?
Their slate is a wooden tablet painted black.
It' is smeared over with fat and sprinkled with
powdered chalk. ' The writing is done with a
wooden pen,' which removes the chalk and re
veals the black.
Boys who are destined for ,the cloisters In
Tibet go off to school. . They have rather a
tough time of it there, being beaten across the
chest with a broad leather /strap for every
failure to remember the lesson and every de
fect in writing.
The only education is monkish; /the only
architecture that of the temples and monas
teries, which seem to grow cut of the craggy
heights on which they are perched; the one
universal . and unceasing religious rite the
twirling of a "prayer-wheel" and the mum
bling of a meaningless sentence. The lama
holds the people In the hollow of his hand, and
many forces meet In that magnetic and master
ful grip.
The rest of the timid Tibetans huddle in
huts at the monastery gates or till the soil and
tend their flocks that the lamas may live at
eas«. Deeper than the roots of the lamaseries
sink into the rocks has the power of the lamas
lodged in the hearts of the people. Every fam
ily has at least one representative in the clois
ters. Often there are j two, and not seldom
three. It has been reckoned that every sixth
person of the entire population is either a
lama or a lama novitiate.
Tibet is the land of. lamas, says Mr.
Carey. What that means it is not very
easy for us, in our Protestant environ
ment, to understand. The lamas are
monks. A hundred, or a ¦ thousand, or
even five thousand of them may be herded
together, if not exactly under one roof,
yet in one great building, whose ramifica<
tions root themselves like a fortress in
the rocks, and whose walls and windows
frown upon the surrounding fields.
A Land of Lamas.
More than half- the book is occupied by
a description by Mr. Carey of the most
mysterious country in the world, a title
which Tibet well deserves. The conclud
ing portion Is the diary written by Miss
Annie R. Taylor, that most remarkable
woman who made the famous journey
through the heart of the forbidden land.
Every page is crowded with thrilling in
terest. The book contains seventy-five
handsome illustrations and is sold tor
$1 50 net, the postage being '20 cents addi
tional. Here are some interesting excerpts
that will give an idea of the general char
acter of the work:
/
THE most ambitious piece of book
making yet put forth by the United
Society of Christian Endeavor is a
fine volume of nearly 300 large pages,
printed on heavy paper with hand
some type and bound in a strikingly at
tractive cover.
The book is "Adventures in Tibet." by
William Carey. The author is a Baptist
missionary in India, a leader in Christian
Endeavor work and great-grandson of
that William Carey who was the pioneer
of modern missions.
Country Life In America for February
is an enlarged number of this magazine
of the world out of doors, representing
the new expansion of American life to
the country. "In "barb of White," the
frontispiece, ia a remarkable picture of a
New England woods road in winter.
Among the leading features are "Skibo
Castle," the summer home* of Andrew
Carnegie In the Scottish .Highlands; "A.
Sniff at Old Gardens," by J. P. Mow
bray, who treats of the vestiges of a past
home life on the old Hudson River
manors, and "Cuckoo," an Illustrated
poem of the woods, by John Burroughs.
Other articles and pictures touch, upon
every side of country life. "Prize Dogs"
represent St. Bernards of world wida
fame; "Two 'Possums and Several Mis
takes," by A. Radclyfte Dugmore, Is il
lustrated by photographs of the live ani
mals under unique circumstances, whila
"The Trees" i3 a large plate of beauty
covering the two central pages of the
large magazine. Of gardens and practical
garden-making there Is "An Experience
With the Soil," in which a suburbanite
tells of years of . enthusiastic work in.
growing a wild garden of some eighty
kinds of flowers, shruba and aquatic
plants; and there are also articles on the
construction and care of the hotbed, with,
suggestions for starting early vegetables
and flowers. A series of photographs 13
devoted to "The Abandoned Farm Coun-
Some of the notable articles, stories and
poems in the February "Success" are:
"Business Versus the Larger Life." by
Edwin Jiarkham;. "To Girls Who Wish, to
Become Operatic Stars," by LlUl Leh
man; "The Credit Man's Story." by Frank
" H. Spearman; "Don't Make Your Mind a
Garret." by Cynthia Westover Alden;
"Submarine Boats "Vv ill Alter Naval War
fare," by Lewis Nixon; —The South Ia
Astir to Improve Her Schools," by
Charles D. SJcIver; "Habits That Make
Men and Women Boomerang Targets," by
Ella, Wheeler Wllcox; "American Rule la
Giving Cuba New Life," by Emilio Nu
nez- "What Musician Will Win Success?"
by Jan Kubelik; "With a Writer Life Ia
Always at the Beginning," by James
Lane Allen; "During One Week of Lin
coln's Life Presence of Mind and Courage
Meant More Than an Army." by Galusha
A. Grow, and "Training for the Duties
v of Home Life," by Alary A. Livermorc
The contents of the Popular Science
Montihly for February, apart from discus
sion and reviews, are as follows: "Stellar
Evolution in the Light of Recent Re
search," Professor George E. Hale;
"Winged Reptiles," Professor S. W. "Wll
llston; "The Journeylngs of Birds." Dr.
F. H. Knowlton; "Environment In Rela
tion to Sex in Human Culture," Professor
Otis T. Mason; "The College Man as
Leader in the World's Work," Professor
R. H. Thurston; "Thtology vs. Thrift in
the Black Belt;" Charles Bartlett Dyke;
"The Descent of Man," Professor Und
ley M. Keasbey.
Only the outline of the story has been
given. Although the novel is of not more
than average length, the number of im
portant characters introduced and the di
versity cf interests involved is so great
that to be appreciated it must be read in
Its entirety. There are several love stories
The plans which Mrs. Hunter has made
for her brother do not turn out as suc
cessfully as do those which she has made
for herself. Craig proves worse than use
less to the firm for which he works. A
piece of rascality which he perpetrates
makes It necessary for him to leave Phila
delphia. Then, too. In epite of his sister's
efforts In his behalf, Craig fails to win the
love and fortune of Katherine Morrow.
AX this time Mrs. Hunter finds It no long
er expedient for her to remain in Phila
delphia, A friend of the Fairthornes ap
pears there and discovers in Mrs. Hunter
the wife from whom he had been divorced
8omo years before, after she had done
what she could to ruin his life. To save
th« Fairthornes from further Injury he
tells the soi-disant Mrs. Hunter that un
less she takes herself out of the way he
will expose the fclstory of hen|T>ast with
ail its dishonorable episodes. Mrs Hun
ter prepares to leave the Fairthorne
house. On the eve of her departure Mr
Fairthorne dies. His death secures for
Mrs. Hunter the money which she has
schemed so skillfully to obtain. Kather
ine Morrow, now her own mistress, for
sakes her family and goes with Mrs, Hun
ter to Europe".
Socn after the return cf Katherine to
Philadelphia Mrs. Hunter makes her ap
pearance there, accompanied by her
brother, Lionel Craig. Craig is the one
perron in the world for whom his sister
entertains 'a pure, disinterested affection.
He is a lazy, weak, worthless fellow, but
his sister's eyes are blind to his defects.
Her hopes are centered in him. Conceal
ing' from him, as far as she can, her own
defects, she tries to spur him on to reach
a. standard of moral excellence which she
herself has no desire to attain. When
the brother and sister become settled in
Philadelphia Mrs. Hunter, by means of
her Influence over Katherine Morrow, ob
tains for Craig a position In a banking
house. It is Mrs. Hunter's ambition in
bringing her brother to Philadelphia to
have him succeed in fixing upon himself
the vacillating affections of Katherine
Morrow. In Philadelphia Mrs. Hunter
renews her attentions to Miss Morrow and
soon has her completely under control.
Then Mrs. Hunter proceeds to make Mr.
Fairthorne the object of her solicitous
care. Little by little ehe wins the old man
from the influence of those of his rela
tives and friends who are clever enough
to sec that Mrs. Hunter Is an unprincipled
woman. She induces Mr. Fairthorne to
employ her as his secretary and to intrust
to her the management of his affairs. It
is not long before she goes to live In the
Fairthorne home, to the sorrow and an
noyance of Mary Fairthorne, who Is pow
erless to conteract the evil influence which
Mrs. Hunter exerts over her uncle and
cousin. Finally Mrs. Hunter succeeds in
persuading Mr. Fairthorne to add to his
will a codicil In which' a large sum of
money is bequeathed to her on the pro
viso that she shall be with him when he
dies. Fortunately, Mr. Fairthorne can
not be inveigled into marrying his secre
tary, as his friends fear he will do_
Mr. Fairthorne is the guardian of
Katherine and of another niece, Mary
Fairthorne, an orphan., Mary Fairthorne
is also a member of the household of her
uncle, who is a widower. Mary is littl*
older than her cousin, yet there is
already developed in her .a steadiness of
purpose and a nobility of character no
traces of which are found in the Insincere
and frivolous Katherine. , Mr. Fairthorne
is an enthusiastic collector of autographs
and rare books. At the time the story
opens he is an old man, querulous and
exacting.
THE part played by an adventuress
In promoting the happiness or un
happiness of certain people Is the
theme of "Circumstance," a new
novel by S. Wier Mitchell. The
scene of the story Is laid in Philadelphi ..
The main characters are. for the most
part, inhabitants of that place. The con
ventional and quiet life of these people
Is Interrupted by the appearance of a
stranger, whose clever and unscrupulous
machinations make her for a time a
potent factor for evil in their lives. Thl.»
woman, who Is known as Lucretia
Hunter, makes her first appearance in
the story while on her way from Newport
to New York. Who Mrs. Hunter really is
becomes known in the course of this his
tory of a part of her career. At Newport,
where Mrs. Hunter has been staying, she
has made the acquaintance of a young
girl. Katherine Morrow. The latter is an
orphan, who lives in Philadelphia with
her uncle, a wealthy man named John
Fairthorne. Miss Morrow is a pretty girl,
but Is vain, frivolous and devoid of depth
of character and keenness of intellect. As
her affection promises to be a source* of
advantage, Mrs. Hunter tries to gain it
by the exercise cf all the wiles at 'her
command. The youqgr girl lends a ready
ear to the flattery which is offered her.
and is socn made to believe that in Mrs.
Hunter she has met the only person who
has ever appreciated the beauty of her
character at its true worth. Before Mrs.
Hunter leaves the steamer at New York
6he seeks out Miss Morrow, who is on
board, and exacts from her a promise not
to let their acquaintance drop. Mrs.
Hunter remains for a short time in New
York, while Katherine Morrow returns to
her uncle's home in Philadelphia.
Conduced b y
3. G. Uatfyop-
Notes.
Literary
Dodd. Mead & Co. will shortly b«sin th«
publication of a new monthly magazine,
the Bibliographer, devoted to bibliography
and rare book ne,ws. The new periodical
will be Issued only nine months In the
year, publication being omitted for the
months of July, August and September.
Photograph facsimiles of rare book*,
manuscripts, etc.. will be frealy uaaa.
Paul Leicester Ford will be tha editor of
the Bibliographer.
THE SUNDAY C ALIi.
12
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
ADVENTURES IN THIBET
. NOW ISSUED.
Charles Warren Stoddard's
"In the Footprints
of jhe Padres."
- Mr. StoddarJ sets forth in this
work Ms recollections of early
days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. .'. Book, .collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion. . -
PRICE $1.50 NET.
A. M. ROSERTSON,
Publisher. 126 Post Streat.
Laden with Sentiment, I
Or Gay with Frivolity. B
j >.- I? No Paper. 3
Various Prices Irom 50 u
I Elder and Shepard, jj
; 238 POST STDEET. I** V ICK CARTER, bloody Nick, the
A I arch-author of the dime novel, the
I \! man whose pen has rescued more
I V heroine*, tracked more criminals
V. and «l«ln more villains than any
«th.er pen in the world, baa reformed.
He baa settled flown to a life of sweet
simplicity of milk and butter and eggs,
in the peaceful Santa Clara. Valley. Ke
Is a San Jose newspaper man these days.
a-j mild as you please. Kick Carter has
ceased to hound and to rescue and to day.
Eugene T. Sawyer, Journalist, is all that
he styles himself nowadays. Geno Saw
yer t's friends call him. But to the world
a.t large, the big reading world that
knows him but does not know him, he
¦will always be Nick Carter, king of dime
novelists.
"Yes." said Mr. Sawyer, with a sup
pressed chuckle, "they tell me that my
name is a household word among the
stable boys and house maids of New
York. But I did not write all the trash
wfcicn is now being printed over that
name. There are others."
So not all the Nick Carter novels which
you will find for sale at the news agent's
stall or concealed under the pillow* of
your beys or in their inside pockets were
¦written by Gene Sawyer. And more's the
j>ity. because none of his stories offend
morality. While they do not point a
moral they do not degTade cither. They
are always absurd, but never vulgar.
The people, the many, "are the ones who
love his stories. To a man whose life is
measured by yards of muslin and tap*
or bounded by the four walls of a. dingy
olTsce. the headlong rush of them, the ab
solute abandon, the defiance of every
thing tuat binds is a revelation and a
delimit.
The majority of people on this great.
Staff* of human life are "supers." Most"
o£ them never have a line to recite except
"Hurray!" in a mob. They are never
a necessary part of an event. Nothing
ever happens to them. Their pulses never
beat fatter because of an actual experi
once, and to them book thrills are the
only thrills to be had. They get thoir
tcenta! stimulus from detective novels.
The 1: trees that strut between yeilow
covers are the only ones they can ever
"hobnob with. No wonder these people
love Nick Carter.
Mr. Sawyer is one of the simplest of
men. It strikes one as incongruous to
think of this mild, dignified, sincere gen
tleman with the grave gray eyes as Cue
author of "A Dead Han's Hand" or "Xict
Carter's Fight for Life."
The Man Who- C^a^ d M©i*e Blooc-
Cui-difriS -De*ec*?ve &ofi$s, Than
Any Wr-ft^ j§ the wopid |a||
Now Settled Down '»S ¦¦ a
rn San Joss-
It is said that when he was in the yel
low novel business hh method of work
was unique. An old friend who knew
Gene when he was writing his great in
ventions tells the - following story of the
way he thought them out.
"H6 never made up the whole plot be
fore he began to write, he did not even
make a chapter outline. He Just began
with his characters, and after he had got
ll.e herd into what seemed an Inextricable,
position In a cave; for instance, bound
gagged, or on the edge of a bottomless
pit with his enemies advancing to destroy
him. Gene would stop, take a long breath,
walk the floor for a few minutes, then
sit down and pull him out again."
Hence the expecteu dees not always
happen in his stories. Damsels go about
with daggers in their bosoms and the
sight of blood does not make delicate
women faint. -The detective resiju^s
maidens, but. does not think of love, lie
"Well, as usual, I waited till two of the
idaya bad elapsed before, I thought about
j ' "Procrastination ¦ .was my besetting sin
and It ,'of ten got ' me Into trouble. , ; - 1 . re
member, receiving /an . order for a story,
by, wire 'once. The message stated that
oiio of the regular writers had failed the
publishers i and • that if, I could j have a
story -of 60,000 words in New York* on a
certain date I was to let them know. Of
course' I,; accepted. The time allowed
gave me Just four, days in which to write
the story. And that was in. the\days:of
longhand. _ ' : ' I ",
"So I wrote a story, along the lines laid
down in \ the weeklle.s and I . sent It off.
Back came an immediate acceptance and
$150. That was the birth of 'Nick Carter.'
¦•.':"It was by accident. Hy ..wife was sick
and I stayed at home to * nurse her. I
soon read everything in ; the house and
asked a neighbor to lend me something.
All he had was a heap) of j New York
weeklies. When I finished. them and was
thoroughly" absorbed in the gentlemen
who ; gag bandits and ladles who , ; wear
daggers ready for their pursuers it struck
me that I might create some of my own.
Mr. Sawyer got most of the material
for his work when , he was a, court re
porter in the days when strange cases
resulting from the irregularity,- of land
grants , and the chaotic condition of so
ciety were being tried. ' He knew Vas
quez personally, and he was the only
rewspaper j man to . whom the bandit
would talk after his arrest. The little
pamphlet he wrote, "The Life and Career
of Tiburclo '.Vasquez," is the only au
thentic history of the man who terrified
the 1 , whole State for. twenty years before
he was captured and hanged.- •
"Nick" tells the. folio wing story, of how
he came . to write "shilling shockers" : : - \ ,
" . ¦ . • • . . - ¦ ¦ . ¦ - "¦ >
hankering after study or an intellectual
feast. They want something to amuae
them. Consider the case of the tired-out
man of business. His nerves are not fn
a condition to tackle ethical stuff; he
desires no problem to bother, his ; think
works, but rather pomething which will
rest and entertain him Is what he craves.
And he gets it when he sits down 'to a
perusal of 'The Holy Terror of Red
Gulch', or. 'Black Mike's Revenge.' "
"Having .my, stock puppetB, I made
them dance^to every tune I played, and
I had as much fun out of their antics' as
the ' next ', fellow. I can well understand
why all '{ sorts 'of ; people, from the ' r bank
president down to the digger of clams,
read the stuff I sent j out. ; . They are not
."But, trashy, as the matter was, I
never pandered to the tastes . of ¦ the . de
praved. ' While the moral tone \ may I not
have been' so high as to require a step
ladder in reaching it, it was never so low
asy to do harm, I : - honestly believe.;' I in
variably painted vice' in Its ; most hideous
colors. My heroines were not only; in
comparablylovely/ . but honest and
brave; my heroes > were \ manly, vice
hating, ,and, of course, 'utterly without
fear.' : : ' ¦: • :. . : : ¦ ', ':: : : : ...' ¦'¦¦..¦¦¦''•' ¦•':'¦. •.
: Mr. Sawyer takes a humorous view of
his work. . "My books and serials," he
said,* "were pot-boilers, - and the ¦ re
quirements ¦ In their.; composition were a
riotous i imagination, : the dramatic . in
stinct and a big capacity for manual
labor. The intellect "was never' strained
and there was never ¦ any conscientious
striving after style. All I had to do was
to see that. my wrist was : In good, shape
and then write and write and write. Re
vision was never, thought of, for the stuff
wasn't worth it.
The second generation of boys is now
reading the original stories of Eugepe
Sawyer, ' as their : fathers before them.
Let them. , The triumphant heroes are al
ways good'and' brave. The villains are
always punished. The women are always
pure and of "a Btately ' beauty, tall and
finely proportioned." .Virtue always wins,
like the lady driver in the chariot race at
the circus. , •
These tales are never dull in their be
ginnings. He launches at once into his
subject.. "Swear the ' defendant" and • "It
is a case of mysterious disappearance,
Mr. Carter," are characteristic introduc
tions to tales that will keep the stable
boys and the chambermaids up all night.
Once they have started one they can no
more stop short of the filial climax than
can a fox terrier In pursuit of a rat.
hands them over to. others that he may
b» left fancy ttee. Nick's climaxes must
have surorised himself. . ' i
the story. Then I locked myself in my
room and began. I wrote in pencil while
my wife copied in ink. I couldn't stop
to eat nor sleep till it was finished, a feat
Which I actually accomplished in two and
a half days.
""In order to have the manuscript reach
the publishers as promised it would have
to leave the San Jose postofflce at noon.
When I dropped off. the car at the corner
of First and Santa Clara streets with the
precious packet in my hand it lacked but'
two minutes of the hour and there were
three blocks between me and the office.
I ran' all the way and got there Just as
the window was closing. But the story
got in all right.
"When I saw it In print it was Just like
reading a new book. I had forgotten ab
solutely everything about the plot and
every, character and situation, for I had
written it in such a rush.
"Ned Buntllne was the first man "to
write 'penny dreadfuls.' He was the or
iginator of the dime novel, and I got my
inspiration from him. I met him when
he was here in '68. He made Buffalo Bill
famous. Buntllne was a great character
gig Money > for . If our (food {thoughts
*r APPY thoughts, sold Just as they
|"Y were hot off the brain; and un-
I I patented,* sometimes have , brought"
JL I men fortunes. For a plan for
, ' %y making aerated water, thought out
over a pipe of tobacco, Harvey Browne
got $50,000— the record price ever paid for
a -bare and unpatented idea. It was a
bare Idea of forcing carbonic acid
gas into water, with a suggestion of how
to do it, and it made Harvey Browne the
father of all soda water and other artl
flclar "fizzes" in" the world to-day.
idea having been born, Browne took it to
a big beer bottling firm and offered it for
sale. They questioned him closely and
easily could have appropriated his idea
without paying him a cent, but they hap
pened to be honest persons, and seeing at
once that : the scheme would work they
offered the man with the happy thought
$25,000 for his idea, jfj But Browne asked
$50,000, and threatened to\go away and
patent the idea and sell , it to - some one
else If his terms were not complied with.
The upshot of the matter was "that
Browne signed an agreement and left the
office; of the firm with a check for $50,000.
: For; easy money it would . be hard' to
beat the $25,000 which a man named Nor
man ; Miles received for,; his Idea of per
forating'postage stamp sheets from the
British postal : authorities. , Before that
the stamps were printed in sheets which
had • to be cut with . a", pair of scissors.
One day when • Miles waa - thinking about
nothing in particular it occurred to him
that perforations between the stamps
would enable them to be separated with
out the bother of using scissors. He did
not stop to patent his idea, but rushed off
to the proper postoffice officials ¦ and ex
plained his idea. Illustrating it with a pin
and ; a sheet of writing paper. He' also
suggested a simple device for a perforat
ing machine. It did not take a genius t*
appreciate the value of the idea, and even
the Government officials— British ones at
that— saw .It. Miles asked $25,000 for his
idea, and though he held no patent he got
what he demanded after some delay.
Twice in his life the late John Ruthin
sold tare ideas, Just as they had corns into
his head, /or hard cash. Unpatented no
tions as they were, merely . the inspira
tions of an Idle moment, he received large
sums for both of them. . One was an idea
for a safety valve which is. now used ex
tensively all over. the world. If he had
taken out a patent the royalties on his In
vention : would have netted him much
more money, but he preferred to sell hia
idea' as soon as it was born, and he got
$15,000, for it.:. Five -years later he sold,
just as it stood in his head, an Idea for a.
sausage-making machine for $5000.
Huntley ,Webb when he conceived the
idea of his "facile" electric motor rushed
right off and offered it for sale. He con
fessed afterward that it was the fear*of
being forestalled that prevented his wait
ing to get the idea patented before ha
sold It. He died last year worth a com
fortable fortune. -
and vastly more Interesting than any ha
ever portrayed In his books. He began
his literary career by writing for the
New York Mercury.*" He was a graduate
of Annapolis and served for a time In tho
United States navy. During that time he
challenged and fought thirteen duels with
his brother officers and escaped without a
scratch.
"When the Rebellion broke out he en
listed and went to the front as colonel of
a New York, regiment of volunteers. He
was cashiered for drunkenness and re
turned home. Then he reformed and
turned- temperance lecturer. He traveled
all over the country lecturing •and camo
to the coast in that capacity.
"When he left San Francisco to go East
he stopped off at Laramle and there he met
Buffalo B11L . Buntllne became greatly at
tached to Bill and stayed in Larajnle with
him several months. He wrote a descrip
tion of him which appeared in a leading
New York paper with a big pic
ture of BUI In the center of the
page. Next he wrote a series of
stories In which Buffalo j Bill was the
hero. Shortly afterward he wrote a play
and Bill had a leading part. He got Texas
Joe and Wild Bill to join the company and
all went merrily for a time.. But after a
few performances' Buntllne got drunk
again and the partnership was dissolved.
Buffalo Bill went on tha boards on his
own hook and eventually got tip his Wild
West show.
"Poor old Buntllne reformed and died.
For the sake of my stories I am mighty
glad he lived and was bad first. He not,
only inspired me, to write, but he fur
nished me a character that I used many
a time."
Mr. Sawyer himself has had many and
varied Ufa • experiences. In 1874 he and
Edwin Markham started to publish a
daily paper in San Jose called "The Gar
den City Times." When everything was
ready to begin, the "angel" of the enter
prise Insisted upon making it a prohibi
tion paper, and said that if his wishe3
were not complied with he would with
draw his support. The two enterprising
young men would not agree to that, and
as the, plans were all laid they decided to
try it alone. Mr. Sawyer was managing
editor and Mr. Markham was literary
editor. They hoped to make It the best
paper on the coast. But it" ran just eleven
days. Then the printers and the rest' of
the force got anxious for their pay, so the
partners settled up and killed the paper.
t iWhen all the bills were paid they had
just six dollars and seventy cents left and
they went into St. James square and di
vided it between them."
Mr. Sawyer has also written plays. He
wrote "Loyal Hearts," a military drama,
in which Eleanor Calhoun and Adele
Waters made their debut on the dramatic
stage. Besides, he wrote a "Log Cabin"
series and serials by the wagon load.
He no longer writes dime novels. He
has reformed most violently and has set
tled down to conservative journalism in
the mildest kind of way. The imperious
lady of the dagger, the black-masked vil
lain, the avenging hero— they are his pup
pets, 1 and he has stored them away, never
to be taken down again.* He says that he
is through with them. Ha can afford to
let them go now that they have made
money for him.
"It was all pot-boiling," he says. "What
I wrote was not literature, it was rub
bish, but it was what the people wanted."
THE SUNDAY O A JLL
13
NICK CARTER KING OF DIME NOVELISTSPearls, too, are considered very, fashion
able for such ornaments,* though seldom
are they seen . unless combined ''.with glit
tering gems.- One noticed ._- on ; a. very
beautiful young matron gave the effect
Another quite, worthy, of being men
tioned in the same category with these
famous and magnificent crowns is a'hand
some affair, designed in sparkling curves
and delicately wrought : leaves,' while-the
top displays several very- fine emeralds of
remarkable size.
Mrs. Alfred Vanderbllt-.wears one, a
pointed tiara of beautiful diamonds, with
one stone, of unusual size at the;very
point of the center" .
Mrs. Vanderbilt's Crown.
, The tiaras worn by women of .fashion,
each alone a thing of beauty, and <bril-.
liancy, dwindle into apparent insignifi
cance when the eye is confronted!.- by
these more elaborate crowns, yet many
of these smaller ornaments are exquisite
ly designed and extremely becoming."
of which rests a beautiful oval shaped
turquoise^
•Tiaras, however, must be worn with
¦ - . ¦.- . . ¦ ( * .' ¦
mathematical accuracy, and with the soft,
full pompadour, of the fashionable coiffure
and the : low knot ¦ somewhat far off the
forehead, the tiara naturally^ follows" these
lines and rests on : the . very ' top ; of -the
head. '.The sides fall a trifle lower, which
It is said that some of ' the young mat
rons have a coquettish way of tilting their
crowns -just ' a wee - bit* to , one { side ; not ;
enough, of course,, to ; produce ¦ a -rakish '
effect,' which would, certainly spoil their
appearance, but v to give an air of individ
uality^ . , t
" Rising from a regal looking forehead
was a curious small . crown, - the straight
part resting on the hair being fashioned
In an odd design of overlapping circles.
Pigeon blood rubles marked . the centers
of these glittering curves and formed the
tops of the surmounting prongs.
frpm the front of an Empress of Austria
crown. The exquisitely : wrought ', band
was thickly studded with diamonds, whila
pink tinted fresh water pearls were woven
In with' the elaborate pattern. -
Mrs. Drexel Is the possessor of a head
ornament resembling a crown in' that it
nearly encircles the head) though instead
of- passing straight around' it curves
downward at the sides. The diamond-fila
gree design has sharp points, . upon each
Mrs. George Gould owns a magnificent
crown like decoration, broader in effect
than a tiara and quite high at the sides,
though it does pot go entirely around her
head. Studded with exquisitely cut dia
monds, there are upstanding .diamond In
crusted prongs, each tipped with' a large
and costly gem. • .
Of quite a different style is . the tiara
sometimes seen upon the dark hair, of
Mrs. Clarence Mackay. Rather high and
not diminishing at the sides, this glitter
ing band of diamonds only half encircles
her head. Large turquoises tip the points
of this very beautiful Jeweled 'ornament.
Few of the all around crowns are seen,
and one of the handsomest of these Is
worn by Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbllt Jr.
Lifted back from the soft pompadour it
quite covers the ton of., her head, fitting
over the high knot of fair hair. The de
sign, fleur de Us. studded solidly with dia
monds, is somewhat higher In front, slop
ing gradually at the sides, and ttie tips
curve gracefully outward. The crown
has nothing of the tiara effect, as it is
quite as high at the back as on the Bides,
and even from the* front there is no mis
taking this royal looking ornament.
Each woman has her own Ideas as to
the style most becoming to; her and that
Is the kind she wears. . She may find the
pointed- crown of the empire suited to
her face or prefer instead, like Cleopatra,
to place a diadem upon her brow.
purely cosmopolitan city would such a
diversity of crowns be seen.
tony. 4
From the number of coroneted heads
that grace the opera some nights one
might almost imagine that the entire roy
al family of England, not omitting cous
ins and aunts several times removed, but,
nevertheless, privileged to adorn them
ccives with this Insignia of rank, had
stepped over and taken possession of the
parterre and grand tier. Yet were all the
crowned heads of Europe, arrayed In
their imp.erial Jewels, gathered together
In' the Metropolitan, it Is safe to say
they would scarcely succeed In surpass
ing the magnificent display of the fash
ionable set.
Head Jewels Imperative. *
If "uneasy lies the head that wears a
crown," torturing, indeed, must be the
slumbers of her who cannot deck her
coiffure with Jewels of tome kind. A tiny
bandeau or an insignificant tiara admits
her to the elect. Her ornament may not
epread over quite eo great an area as
the conspicuous crown adorning the tran
qsil head of her neighbor, but^ there is
pome balm In Gilead If her -gems are
larger and consequently more worthy
careful notice. Nowhere except In this
THE democratic Kew York .woman
has set a crown upon her own
smartly dressed head, and right
well it fits her. too. All the tire
some ceremony attendant upon the
coronation cf a monarch is spared this
dainty bit of independent femininity.
She likes to wear a coronet, at least on
occasions, and so she places one above
her brow and carries it with all the regal
grace of a Josephine. Even the most crit
ical would never guess that she had not
been reared from* infancy with an assort
ment of crowns at her command, so thor
oughly to the manner born is she.
Still, it matters not to her whether her
head ornament is patterned after a duch
ess' coronet or built upon the lines of an
imperial crown. The effect is what she
is after, and a tiara. If It flash with gems
large and brilliant enough to disturb the
repose of an envious neighbor, answers
quite as well as a crown.
At the opera, especially If it be a. gala
occasion, when a smart dinner precedes
end a fashionable ball follows a particu
larly good musical score, you will behold
lovely woman flashing with gems that
well nigh equal the magnificence of ' an
Eastern potentate or the gorgeousness of
Cleopatra arrayed for the feast to An-
GORGEOUSNESS
OF GEMS
WORN BY MILADY
AT THE
GRAND OFERA.
THE! : StTNT) AY C AliTi.
gives the point on the top a backward
sweep. V :¦'< - .
Diamonds, • diamonds! ' They ¦ glitter
every whefe>-not only crowning fair and
raven iocks, but gleaming on bodices,
flashing from fair shoulders and slender
throats, until one might almost fancy
that each charming and fashionable
woman had taken Aladdin's wonderful
journey and, plucking precious gems from
the wonderful trees, had lavishly spread J
them upon her own fair person.
FAIR WOMEN CROWNED WITH JEWELS
14THE _;':iSTJNP^Y^;;CA:Lt.:---i
15But Miss Lillian's spirit of Tanks*
thrift rose up to haunt her as money
drained out and none Cowed in. So Maret
«k took her to Gilmore, with the admo
nition to sing "something easy" from
"Lucia." With thi3 admonition in her
ears the girl burst forth in the "Bright
Seraphim" aria from "Samson."
Gllmore engaged her for a hundred con
certs in Europe. Before leaving this coun
try she paid a visit to John O'Nell, her old
teacher, to receive this encouragement:
"It is really too bad. Miss Lillie, after all
your devotion to pure art, this going to
Europe with a brass baflfd."
But Miss Lillle had an eye to business.
She went with Gllmore, taking her mother
with her; and out of the brass band tour
enough money was saved, with a little
more borrowed, for more lessons.
This time It was in Milan, under San
Giovanni. The musty garret In Milan wms
made cheerful and homelike by a few
feminine trick3 of the devoted mother,
who also substituted wholesome New
England cookery for spaghetti and maca
roni.
There was nothing in Lillian Norton's
method of singing to undo and San Gio
vanni declared her ready for the stage.
Every day mother and daughter went to
him for rehearsal, and In December, 1378,
Lillian made her debut in "La Traviata,"
at Brescia, before an audience of Italian
peasants who knew singing If they did not
know how to be fashionable. Her success
was immediate and absolute. She almost
fainted on the stage when the people rose
to their feet and cheered. The faithful
mother fainted behind the scenes.
Then there was a more sophisticated. If
not a more critical, audience to conquer
at Genoa, and Lillian Norton was firmly
launched upon the operatic sea. It be
came a custom among San Giovanni's pu
pils in Milan to repeat the master's say-
Ing regarding his favorite American pu
pil, "Ah, la Nordica! She has poetry. She
has fire." It was San Giovanni who chrls-.
tened her Glglio Nordica, the lily of the
north.
Nordica's first operatic engagement was
for three months in St. Petersburg. In
the Russian capital the lovely young
singer waa often sent for by the Czar to
sing at the palace.
Such yards of red tape to unwind out
side" the door of the royal apartments!
Such freedom and good fellowship within!
And then— one week from the last Sunday
night on which Nordica sang for the Czar,
came the news of his assassination.
During the dark days that followed no
one was allowed to leave the capital; but
a3 soon as police surveillance would admit
of their departure, Lillian and her mother
went again to sunny Italy, where the
young operatic singer studied new roles*
with San Giovanni.
Mr. Norton died during the first year his
wife and daughter were abroad and from
that time Nordica had her mother as a
constant companion up to the time of her
death In 1S32. Just how much the great
singer owes to this mother Is beyond esti
mate, but her devotion was repaid in
kind. The mother's unselfishness and
force of will are well shown by the fact
that the cablegram announcing her hus
band's death was handed to her as sh«
stood in the wings of the Imperial Opera
house in St. Petersburg, while her daugh
ter was singing on the stage. When Nor
dlca came off the scene at the end of
the act the mother had her feelings under
such control that Lillian suspected noth
ing, and not until the following morning
was she told of her father's death.
And was this "Lily of the North" to
live solely for her art? So It seemed.
There were no walks or drives with men,
nor theaters, nor balls, such as delight th*
hearts of American girja.
' If a man chose to call, h» might en con
dition that he stayed not later than 19
o'clock, and the daughter was ever under
the watchful chaperonago of her mother.
There were lovers in plenty, says Mrs.
Castillo, but though they might woo they
might not win, until one day along came a
rich cousin of Mrs. Norton, Frederick
Gower. who wooed and won. After a
short acquaintance Lillian Norton mar
ried her second cousin, in July, 13S5, at
Paris.
Gower*s career was somewhat unique.
The son of a poor widow, ho educated
himself *and became city editor of the
Providence Journal. At one time he
wrote to Bell, the telephone man, asking
him. to deliver a lecture on his telephone
In Providence. Bell In reply asked Gower
to come to Boston and assist him in pre
paring the .lecture. Gower became deeply
interested in the invention, which he suc
ceeded In improving and simplifying, and
ultimately took out patents for the Gower-
Bell telephone. After establishing: a com
pany he went to France, where he took
out patents and formed a company which
paid hlan as president $25,000 a year.
It 'was about this time that he met the
Nortons and he had come to appear more
the Frenchman than the American. In
spite of the mother's care, however. In
the choice of a husband for Lillian, tho
marriage proved an unhappy one and
after eighteen months the wife returned
to Boston and had just instituted suit
for separate maintenance when the news
came of the disappearance of Gower.
Gower had worked out a theory that by
the use of magnetism in ' the control of
balloons they could be made of great ser
vice for military and commercial pur
poses. To test his theory Gower started
with a French friend to cross the Eng
lish Channel and that was the last of
them- The balloon was seen floating- far
out at sea by a passing ship, but Jxm how
Gower met his death has never been
known. His reputed wealth dwindled piti
fully when the estate came to be settled
and the widow received very little from
It. After several years ot retirement she.
returned to the stage to continue her tri
umphs.
That these have been dearly bought.
Nordica would have all the world know,
for she says:
"Nothing comes to me but through work
and perseverance. I work when I do not
want to. I shut my doors and dig Into the
bars. I dream of them!
"When a girl I acquired the habit of get-
Ins to work against all inclination. To
me, I will say frankly, all things coma
slowly and through toil. Ambition is a
fearful master and, tyrant, but I would not
exchange it for another."
Nordica's first tragic matrimonial ex
perience did not discourage her from em
barking a second time on that troublous
sea, About five years ago she married
,£oltan Dome, a young Hungarian tenor,
whom she met at Bayreuth. and to dat*
the. marriage Is reported a happy oa*.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
and when the Cubans went back to Bos
ton Imogen planned to go to visit some
cousins living- just outside the city, that
she might be near her fiance.
Here was the mother's chance. Of
course, she could not allow her daughter
to go alone so far from the home nest.
"Why not remove the nest?
So it came about that the farm was sold
and the family- moved to Boston, renting
a large enough house to take roomers and
boarders. The mother had converted the
father to the belief that the girls should
have a better education than the Maine
village offered. The father was also hop
ing for a competency from an Invention
he had Just perfected for coring apples.
But his hopes were to go the way of
many other bright hopes. He placed the
invention in the hands of a friend, giving
him power of attorney t to act, and while
the friend became rich from the Inven
tion the Inventor never got a penny out
of It.
At this time Lillian was six years' old,
a restless child, the pet of the family,
badly- spoiled and full of., whims. She
fretted under the restraint of schoorknd
paid little, heed to her books.'
• "She never did take education like other
.' people," says Mrs. Castillo. "She seemed
to absorb it by observation; but unless
she was Interested it could not be drilled
into her." . %
She ran away to the theater whenever
• she had a chance, and her greatest pleas
ure was in the companionship of her
father. The two were great cronies and
were always together at theater or con
cert, and 1 once they attended a reception
to President Johnson,' when the President
took the child upon his knee and talked
to her. for 'a long time.
• Four of the girls had two large beds
In a\ roomy chamber. On the wall hung
a long mirror, before which the children
-paraded in their long trains, playing lady
come-to-sea. .
'.*¦¦ "Often," says this elder sister,"! have
•wakened of a bright summer morning
and seen Llllle in her long nightdress, her
hair streaming down her back, pirouetting
or standing on .tiptoe before the. glass.
whistling some new air she had caught
at: theater or concert. At this time sha
I was nine or ten years old.
"Llllie had not been a particularly
'pretty child," she continued, "but be
tween twelve and thirteen she blossomed
out Into the prettiest girl I ever saw.
The pupils of her beautiful bright. eyes
.were so large that the eyes looked black
instead of blue at night; Her glossy nut.
brown hair hung far down her back. She
had fine teeth, a beautiful complexion and
a dazzling smile. While her features were
not regular there was a fascinating play
about them." . . <¦ - •
The opening of; Lillian's career came
about In a sad •wa.y. WJlhelmlna, three
years older, had been placed In the Con
servatory of Music soon after the family
moved to Boston. Her fine voice attracted
much attention and great things were
prophesied for this girl of seventeen.--' She
-'wentthome to sing at Farmington and the
I next morning the news spread , through
I the town that she was stricken; with
typhoid fever. Quick consumption fol
! lowed and In six weeks the girl was dead.
For months th* piano remained closed la
the Norton house. Then the family took
up. the course of their life again. -¦ ';¦
By th© move to Boston the family purse
had not grown longer. But'one daughter
could have the advantages of the co^
servatory and Lillian, now fourteen, took
thfe vacant place.'
The capricious, restless child, bored with
books. and the routine of school, settled
down, to steady, hard work at a pace
which she keeps up to this day. She waa
far ahead of her class , In natural rlf ta
and ability to learn. She became tho
special pupil of John O'Nell and In three
years had finished a five years' course.
Nor was . eh e ". free from • the envy I that
attends \ success. -But the envious were
quickly put to rout by the sweetness and
modesty of the. young singer. When she
left the conservatory she was the ac
knowledged queen of all the singers oa
the school's long- roll. : - ,^ ~ . ,
Mr. Castillo, her. sister's husband, has
some pride in the fact that he - bought
Lillian's graduation dress. To the simple
child this sown I of brocade in several
shades \ of blue, which cost - $75, was a
gorgeous creation. It Is doubtful If she
feels half so grand .to-day In gowns that
cost ten times as much or more. . .
She was soon doing duty in a church
choir, and'was even called to fill engage
ments'as soloist In Baltimore and St.
Louis: But. ambition had her tn Its tolls
and, these mild honors failed to satisfy.
Titjens. the great singer, came to Boa
ton and 'the girl obtained an interview
with her. \Wlth youth's audacity she sang
for Tltjeris Leonora's great aria, and Tit-
Jens discovered what Lillian herself may
have dared to hope but. hardly to believe/
She was to sing that night "II Trova
tore," and the great singer showed the
girl how to ret a better effect In some
passages, dismissing her with an order ad
mitting her to the dressing room during
the -evening's performance. Here Lillian
was Introduced Jp Madame Maretzek, and
the -result of the episode, was that some
how the Nortons scraped together enough
money to take Lillian .and her mother to
New York, where Miss Norton; was to
have two years under MareUek's dlr«#»
tlon. *
LILLIAN NORDICA c*ts fewer
queer capers than any of the other
great singers. She does not de
mand the public's sympathy be
cause a pet poodle is denied ac
commodations In the "best suite of the
best hotels.
She does not fly into tantrums at the
last minute and have to be coaxed ami
wheedled by distracted managers behind
the scenes.
She does nothing, in fact, that is weird
or wantonly peculiar.
Hers is a good, wholesome doctrine of
common sense and hard work. .
The nearest Nordica has come to doing
anything sensational is in the alleged
adoption of the coon song as an offset to
Wagner In her repertoire.
As a matter of fact, Mme. Nordica has
not adopted ragtime and the coon song.
All the stir has been caused by her sinsr
ing a simple little negro melody of "Poor,
dear Nevin," as she calls him, the words
written by Frank L. Stanton.
*• 'Mighty Lak' a Rose.' " says Nordica, .
"belongs to the best class of latter-day
American compositions and is so distinct
from coon songs or ragtime as to make it
a, surprise that any one should identify It
with such popular music. It is a song to
which justice can only be done by a cul
tured musician and I am surprised that
It is so commonly believed that I am slng
ing songs adapted to vaudeville and the
street organ."
of which goes to Bhow that Mme.
Nordica is not hysterically fond of ad
vertising and this makes her a paradox.
Perhaps some explanation of her un
dlva-like tendencies may be found in the
fact that Nordica is a down East Yankee,
and in Tankeeland the spirit of practical
common-sense grows rank.
Mme. Nordica is one of r. family of six
daughters and the youngest. The eldest
sister, Mrs. Emilio Castillo, has for many
years made her home in Los Angeles, and
as the only other living sisters are now
traveling with Nordica, there will be quite
a family reunion when the singer reaches
Southern California.
From Mrs. Castillo have been secured
many little stories of their girlhood days,
when in the quiet village of Farmington.
Me., the Norton home was the rendez
vous for the musically inclined in all the
country round. ¦
The Nortons came of good old Puritan
ftock; likewise the Aliens, Nordica's ma
ternal ancestors. George Allen, the
/ounder of the family in America, landed
In 1635 and his granddaughter married the
>on of Miles Standish. Rev. John Allen,
•Corsica's grandfather, was : one time
chaplain of the Maine Assembly. One of
his favorite stories was that when a boy
he thought Farmington the center of the
universe, because when lying on his back
gazing upward the sky seemed highest
just over Farmington. But with his
daughter it was different. Her mind was
i ever wandering beyond the confines of the
village— away to the i?reat cities which
offered advantages to her and to her chil
dren. She even dared to dream, though
she dared not tell it, of Europe.
Of her mother, Mrs. Castillo draws this
picture:
"I remember when I was a great girl
and mother had several children, she
looked no more than 25 years old. She
had beautiful chestnut hair, which fell in
a profusion of curls each side of her
sweet, animated face. She was full of
energy, enthusiasm and enjoyment—al
ways ready to go or entertain upon any
one's suggestion."
A woman of energy and strong will.
Mrs. Norton was also a woman of high
and romantic ideals. Nor was she
ashamed of them.
It was because of her admiration of
Shakespeare's. character that her eldest
child received the name of Cymbeline's
daughter, Imogen.
It was because of her Interest in "The'
Last Days of Pompeii" that a second girl
was called lone.
What else could be expected from one
whose own parents had' christened her
Amanda?
The third daughter, for some reason,
had to content herself with the unrp
xnantic name of Annie; but the fourth,
who appeared when all America was
ehouting for Louis Kossuth, the Hunga
rian patriot, became Wilhelmlna Kossuth.
Again, It was her fondness for the
poems of Bayard Taylor and a senti
mental admiration for the young wife
whom he mourned that made Mrs. Norton
rail the fifth daughter Lillian Bayard
Taylor. But this was not the Lillian
whom the world now knows. The first
Lillian, a beautiful golden-haired child,
died at the age of 17 months, and the next
little one who came fell heir to her name
and a bountiful two-fold love.
The father, too, was somewhat of the
dreamer, though he lacked the practical
leaven which was the making of the
mother. He was an inwntor and a musi
cian. From both parents came the musi
cal gift, for both were noted in the village
for their musical accomplishments.
A common family group was that of the
mother sitting at- the piano, the father
and his brother Harrison with their vio
lins, the mother's brother. John Allen,
pinging in a. sweet tenor, -while the older
daughters and cousins joined with him In
the song. Often there were friends and
relatives who came in for an evening's
pleasure and Joined In the chorus. When
the Franklin County musical convention
undertook such ambitious wtrk as orato
rio Mrs. Norton and her daughter Imogen
were in the chorus. Sometimes the moth
er undertook minor solo parts. Con
ductor, pianist and soloists were from
Boston— ever the center of Mrs. Norton's
dreams.
And this haunting dream was to become
a reality, and In the most undreamed-of
way.
Emillo Castillo, a young Cuban but late
ly arrived In Boston, was one day search
ing: -foiYa'-eerusin even more lately arrived,
who for an- entire /lay had not appeared
at his lodgings. In the course o{ his search
young Castillo called upon a lawyer, who
afterward became his friend. When the
young Cubans wanted to leave Boston, as
hot weather .caine* on, the lawyer' said:
"Why not go to Farmington, Me.? It is
a delightful place, and there is a charm
ing family there by the, name of Norton
VWho win take you In."
>< ~Si^he outcome of It all was a love affair.
LILLIAN NORDICA - THE WOMAN
163ISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9,. 1902--THIRTY-S1X PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO.
SAN FRAN
Paees 17 to 26
Pases 1/ to .26
Continued en Page Eighteen.
he rented from Umbsen & Go.,
the real estate firm, the liouse in
'which Nora Fuller • was rnur
dered. . . -
Who is G. BJHawkiris?^ Who
is ; John Bennett, who advertised '
fora girl to take care of a child?
.When these- questions, are an
swered it will probably be found .
that - Hawkins 'arid Bennett are «
the /same and that • names
are / masks behind / v \fhich;;| the
monster \vho did. tlie:;>/mu"rclei
sought to hide ; his;identity/while
-his foul 1 plot )vasliatcning/and' ; to
A man giving the ; name of G.
! B. .Hawkins; applied ;to- jLJmbsen
& Go.; oh -January 8 for -¦ an unfur
nished" hquse, ; to be occupied by
himself 'and wife. He « said .there;
* were t no children - in '¦ the > family.;
After inspecting the t housevf 22 i'i
: Sutter J street,, ¦"." owned by IE. ; C:
•'Priber;: and vacant since ; January;
• i, when the • former owner moved
out, -"Hawkins"; ¦ said " he * would -
: tike 'the !':-lioui5e.".':jHe"; Had /said'
"Hawkins" is described as a
man of .possibly middle age, ine-|
dium height ; and rather stout of
build and florid of complexion,
and with a .blonde or reddish
mustache.'. Bennett's description
tallies with this nearly enough to
establish, t attendant circum
stances being considered^* the^
fact .of; the two -names /being
merely . aliases -for ;the same; man.;
prevent : suspicion, being -¦; turned
Upon ; . him ; when the murderj
should ; be discovered:: 1 • ; r -^v*;
g'uesV at ' the . Golden West. .He
had inquired there once for rnail,
a' Hotel. clerk, how recalls, -and let
ters 'addressed tofC'B .< Hawkins
and ';tq - ; Mrs. ; C. -B.- -Hawkins,
I Golden West Hotel; or "221 1 Sut
ter ¦street, had been ¦.delivered to
him^but no; knowledge of the"
identity of '''Hawkins" can ; be'ob
¦tained-there. ?.,
.Upon -the' : erroneous Jreport of
the^cierk/ ."Havekins"^ was Vac
cepted as .1 tenant. . . He paid$30
for: one month's rent, and vvas
igiyen-'thb key. /Later in;tHe day
he ; returned anji^ said that there
-was.a lot of rubbish; ih~ the" house
. that ! .must . be * removed/ ) or / he
would- riot \ take . the place. His
that'? he • was . living at the > Golden
WestJ.Hotel, and a clerk was sent
to "the hotel by Umbsen &- Co. to
investigate. V He ¦ •. reported that
Hawkins was all right,
subsequent^inquiry showed that
no G/B. -Hawkins had - been a
THE MYSTERIOUS VICTIM OF AN UNKNOWN 'ASSASSIN, HOUSE/ UN-
I % FURNISHED -AND UNOCCUPIED/ IN*WHICH BQDY..WAS FOUND, AND
MAN .; WHO IDENTIFIES THE REGAINS 'AS THOSE OF NORAFULLER.
downtown, particularly at the
Popular restaurant at 55 Geary
street. His description, how
ever, tallies exactly wifh that of
a man who gave his name as C.
B. Hawkins when on January 8
tery, though he had been seen
habitual!)*' about several places
=Hp£ HE fate of Eleanor Fuller,
whose mysterious disap
l pearance -January 11 has
\ baffled the efforts of the
\ best detectives of the city,
is no longer uncertain.
The body of the girl was found
in an upstairs back bedroom of
an unfurnished house at 2211
Sutter street yesterday after
noon. The foul murder disclosed
by the discovery of the body is
a mystery that promises to rival
that of the slaj-ing: of Minnie
Williams and Blanche Lamont.
The body was identified last
night both hy Mrs. Alice Maud
Fuller, mother of the murdered
girl, and by Hugh C. Grant, the
attorney who has been the
friend and adviser of the family.
They identify the clothing with
| out reservation, and any doubt
due to the state of the body is re
moved by the certainty that the
clothing found in the chamber of
death was the clothing worn by
Nora Fuller when she was last
seen except by the murderer.
The girl's body lay entirely
nude on a bed in the large cham
ber, which was unfurnished ex
cept for the bed and a chair. The
victim of the murderer's plot had
apparently been dead at least ten
days. Nothing remained in the
house to indicate the means used
to take the girl's life, and yet the
posture of the body and its con
dition and the disorder of the
j^room pointed unmistakably to
murder and not to suicide; Who
the brutish fiend was who did the
deed, how he accomplished' his
hellish purpose and what- his mo
tive are still but matters of con
jecture, and those who seek to
unravel the mystery are at once
confronted with the question of
the identity of the man Bennett,
to whom Nora Fuller went to ac
cept a position to care for a child.
Who Bennett is remains a mys-
Aside from the meager furni
ture in the bedroom where the
dead girl lay, the house was emp
ty. In the hall several letters were
found, having evidently r been
slipped under the door", by the
carrier after the murder was
done. They were merely circu
lars from furniture dealers, dry
goods houses and others, sent to
the address obtained from the
real estate agents. Some of them
were addressed to "C. B. Haw
kins" and some to "Mrs. G. B.
Hawking." On a mantel were
found several similar letters,
none of them giving 'a clew ¦ to
the 'identity of the persons ad
dressed. With them were cards
of various business houses. Ap
parently they had been gathered
•up by the murdered girl- in the
belief that she was Roinsr to become the
mistress of a household to.be equipped
by the man who had enticed her from
home. A small leather purse, evidently
the girl's,' contained several blank cards
and .'one on which was written the ad
dress "Mr. M. A. Serebrenck. Cornabe,
Eckford & Co., Port Arthur."
' The house was utterly unfurnished,
with -the exception of a plain, cheap *
bedstead, a .mattress and bedclothinar."
the linen being unbleached. ailtt-sr cheap
chair.. All of. these articles showed evi-
The owner of the house, E. C.
Priber, inquired for himself at »
the 'Golden West Hotel and dis
covered that the name "C. W.
Harkins" on the* register had
been mistaken for, "C. B. Haw
kins" 7 when Umbsens clerk had
made his inquiry. He at once
became suspicious and reported
his discovery to the real estate
agents. Investigation was begun
by- them that convinced them
that "Hawkins" had not moved
into the house, and when they
sent an employe yesterday to pre
pare the house for some other
tenant the crime was discovered.
demand was complied with at
once. Subsequent to that the"
movements of, "Hawkins" are
.not .> known. One of the neigh
bors, tt. Asher of 2213 Sutter
street, saw \him entering and
leaving -the house about that
time, but he is not sure of the
number of times, he saw the
stranger, or of the dates.
Mother Sees Her Child's
Clothing and Knows
Garments.
Positive That He Enticed the
Girl to Her Untimely 4
End.
Police Are Looking for
C. B. Hawkins, Who
Rented House.
H. Deane Discovers
Unfortunate's
Remains.
Suspected That John Ben
nett and Hawkins Are
the Same.
Attorney Grant Says
Miss Fuller Is at
' - the Morgue.
BODY LYING
IN AN EMPTY
DWELLING
IDENTITY
OF GIRL IS
OBTAINED
jj%. NOTHER mystery of horror has been added to the terrible story. of crime in this city. Eleanor Fuller; a mere chUd^IiM : beeh'fqu^[-mt^^f2lin a vacant house at ¦ ':22i (i y Sutter.street.C The circiirnstances attending the tragedy tnake it one
#H1 of the most harrowing which perhaps has ever startled the city. /. ¦ v ... ¦ V ; :' ; V; '$&:?£ '¦¦/ .:¦-'.:¦' •
Mrs. Alice Maud Fuller in an interview late last. night declared positively that the body of the girl found in the vacant house at 22 11 ¦ Suiter street was that of her daughter .^Eleanor, who disappeared from her home on the evening of Jan
uary 11. The distracted mother shows plainly the effects of weeks: of worrying over, the ' piysterious' absence of her child, and ivhile she; has all -along eniertaineda [^rcng'Sus^ci^t^tmurUer-'Jwd robbed her of her offspring she was not pre
pared for the awful revelation tluit the day was to bring forth. When shown the wearing apparel 'that zvas'taken from' the room in the Slitter^ woman nearly collapsed,' but soon recovered
and positively identified the garments as those worn by lier daughter, when the unfortunate . girl left home, on the fateful answer tlie • advertisemefit ,0] z John r : : Bennett\ : '''jT^--body-was-\further identified at the Morgue by Attorney
Hugh C. Grant, who was well acquainted with the girl and peculiarly qualified 'for [that painful duty. Mr [ Grant said the clothes of the dead girl zuere identical last he saw her, and that the features,
wJiile greatly resembling tlwsc of Miss Fuller, were too badly 'decomposed for positive identification, i' v [ v \ . « ; ; - ' :' '
ELEANOR FULLER, FOUND MURDERED IN A VACANT HOUSE, CONTRIBUTES
ANOTHER MYSTERY OF HORROR TO GRIM ANNALS OF SAN FRANCISCO CRIME
The San Francisco Call..."\yheri- Grant Viewed the. remains he said
the! features' resembled Hioee of Nora Ful
ler;'but, lie would not attempt-. tp>, Identify
the body positively until he had seen the
clothes. 'After seeing these clothes he
was satisfied. •
Attorney Hugh. C. Grant, whose offices
are In the Emma Spreckeis building, vlalt
ed the Morgue last night and practically
identified the body and'clothing as that of
Miss Nora Fuller. (Grant was the family
lawyer and just prior to Nora Fuller's dis
appearance he bought her a new dross.
At the Morgue last night the lawyer was
shown the clothing worn by the Fuller girl
and he said he was certain that it was
her clothing. He was. under the Impres
sion that the lining of .the coat was blue,
but the rest of -the'; garment was abso
lutely the^ame in polor, aqd texture as
that worntt>yy Nqra^ulier. . :
The. impre'sslon as t to/the blue.linlng was
only .'sllghi,';no^eXrer,' and; Grant, completed
the identification ' by • stating tKat the cap,
cape and dres^ now at the Morgue be
longed, to, Nora Fuller. .:.;..-; •;
Cannot Tell Much From Fea
tures but Certain About
Clothes., V
ATTORNEY GRANT
IDENTIFIES BODY
A minute examination of the stomach,
which was removed, failed to reveal any
traces of the action of corrosive poison,
a chemical analysis being 'necessary be
fore tho nature of the poison that brought
death, if poison did, will be known..
The body is still in a fair state of pres
ervation so far as exterior appearances
are concerned, and any ordinary methods
of brutality would still be apparent, i
The autopsy was performed by Dr.
touis Bacigalupi, but brought ' out" no
facts that tended to clear up the mys
tery, as to the cause of death. No posi
tive . evidence of violence could be found
and the vital organs were In perfect con
dition. Dr. Bacigalupi said that he was
inclined to think that gas asphyxiation
might be the cause of death, but sinco
the detectives j working on the case were
positive " that no sign' of such means of
suicide \gr murder were present in the
house and: that there was no gas meter
in the house or. gas pipe connection that
hypothesis does not seem tenable. «In the
absence of such explanation, the theory
of death from poison is most plausible.
Autopsy Fails to Show Man
ner in Which Crime
Was Committed, y
CAUSE OF DEATH
REMAINS MYSTERY
When the rude wooden coffin ' contain
ing the remains had been brought down
arid/deposited in the Morgue. wagon there
was a ; rush to get a glimpse of it. Some
women stood motionless; and there were'
others j who wept, while men sadly shook
their- head's: - They had "heard' that the
body to be borne to the Morgue was that
of a pretty young girl; they realized the
probable suffering she had endured at
the hands of some fiend; they: had .lis
tened, to the pale and-nervous clerk, Deari.
as,' on the sidewalk almost, trembling, he
j-etailed the weird facts of the. discovery,
and they were horrified. • >
the persuasion of two omcers to keep the
crowd back.
Continued on Page Nineteen.
> ¦ ' i ' ', :"• _ ¦.-•".'.
• H. Dean, a clerk In the employ of the
firm of G. H. Umbsen & Co., real estate
agents, 14 Montgomery street,' was., sent
yesterday at noon to see that the . house
at 2211 Sutter-street was In fit condition
and also to place on the windows :.tjie
DEAN DISCOVERS
GIRL'S REMAINS
As yet theoriesas to the motive of
the crime have not taken definite shape,
but apparently the crime, was commit
ted by a monster out of pure wanton
ness' and thirst * for 'Tiuman life. .The
motives that" usually are found to \in
spire such .diabolical crimes seem to be
absent in this case.
terials, black stockings; a" blue cotton
waist with white dots, cheap lace shoes
that had been lately half-soled.' an outer
black skirt and jacket of much better
material than the other" clothine. and
nattily made. A golf cap was the only
headdress. . . . ... ''^ ; .
The girl's clothing was piled on the
chair near the bed. not a, stitch of it
being left upon her. The clothinz con
sisted of cheap knit cotton underwear,
a chemise and underskirt of cheap ma-
A flask with a few drops -of- brandy
in the bottom was found on. the floor.
No other flasks or vials v:ere in the
room or in the house. Two candles
which had not been lighted" were found
in a closet of the bedroom.
<lence of long use, but evidently not in
that house, as the linen was but little
soiled, though unlaundered. and every
thing indicated that the room had not
been occupied by its mysterious ten
ants for any considerable period prior
to the tragedy. There was no rubbish
whatever in the room. The furniture
and bedding had every appearance , of
having been secured at a second-hand
furniture store, the whole doubtless
having been moved in surreptitiously
and probably under cover of darkness.
Continued Prom Page Seventeen.
Circular letters were found In. the house
where the girl's body was found addressed
DID NOT STOP AT
THE GOLDEN WEST
many he had in his family and he replied
that there were Just two.
"He took the key," said Lahanler, "and
subsequently signed the contract and paid
the first month's rent, ,£30. He said his
name was C. B.;Hawkiris and he wished
to take possession • of - the. house on the
next day. the 1 9th. Indeed,'? - continued
Lahanier. "he was peremptory in his de
sire and determination to go in the day
following. On signing ths lease he de
manded, also, that -'the ' rubbish* should
be removed, from the premises 'and said
that if it was not he would decline to go
into the place. We had it removed and
all was right up to that time.
"I could not say whether a woman was
with Hawkins when he came to the of
fices. So many people come in that I
cannot remember them, unless they actu
ally do business with me. Hawkins was
evidently an American; by that I mean
he was not a foreigner. He was a man
about 35 or 40 years of age, had a
light brownish mustache and was well
built. He looked to me to be a business
man anfl was well dressed."
LANDLORD PRIBER
WAS SUSPICIOUS
E. C. Priber, president, of the Napa and
Sonoma Wine Company, who lives at 29
Scott street, is the owner of the house at
2211 Sutter street, where the dead girl
was found. He was very much annoyed
at the news and was loth to discuss the
matter. He blames Umbsen & Co. for
the trouble and says they should have
investigated Hawkins' references more
closely before allowing him to take the
house. .. .. .
"I bought the house at 2211 Sutter street
six months ago/' he said. "Upto th*
first of last month It was occupied by Mr.
Lowenthal. the cloak man. My agents
informed me that a man named Hawkins
desired to take the house, and they found
that he was all right after looking up hli
references. He took, the house about tha
8tli-or 9th. I -was informed that he had
not moved in any furniture, and I becamo
a little bit dubious. I ascertained that ono
of Hawkins' references was Mr. Wieneka
of the Golden West Hotel. I tailed on
that gentleman and we examined the
register. All we could find was the name.
•C. W. Harkins.' I was then informed
that Mr. Harkins had stayed at the hotel
a'day and that they knew nothing of him.
"I reported the result of my investiga
tions to tTmbsen & Co.. and I suppose
they investigated on their own account.
At any rate, they sent a man out there
and he rang the bell, or did something
else like that, and not finding any ona
home came back and reported this fact
to his employers. I only had one key
to the house and this waa turned over
to the tenant when he paid hla first
month's rent. ' , •
V I never went near the house, I simply;
made my complaint to the agents."
Perhaps never, before; has Butter street,
in the neighborhood of the mystery, been
bo worked up with excitement. Hundreds
of people" flocked to the house and men
and women; tried to force their, way up
the stairs to see, what they, concluded was
the victim of a foul deed. It required all
,The window was closed, and.v notwith
standing the advanced stage of'decompo
sition, there was, strangely, an absence
of odor which would be . expected under
such circumstances. That 'death had
taken place many days ' prior to ¦ the, dis
covery of the body there is no doubt," and
therefere the absence of. an odor is all
the more extraordinary.. :
Deputy Coroner. McCormick, Deputy
Coroner Murphy and Detective T. Dillon
arrived in auick succession, and an ex
amination of the body was made' by Mc-
Cormick. ' It was -perfectly nude,' with the
exception that a part of the< upper sheet
was wrapped around the right hand. The
face*was reposeful and ".there were no ex
ternal marks of violence, though . there
were two marks on the throat that might
have been the result- of either decompo-;
slon, which had fairly vrell advanced, ; or
violence, though the latter theory, has not
many supporters. \ , . ..
' GUI accompanied '. Dean back to the
premises and, entering the room, found
the body. After satisfying hiself r that
there was a mysterious case for investi
gation, the- officer called up the Coroner
and notified the detectives. ' -
Looking further Into the room,- he saw
the form of a woman- lying: on .the bed,
but the surroundings were such ; as to
cause ' Dean to rush from the / darkened
chamber. Intuitively,, he ..felt that jf some
thing very serious had happened and has
tened to the street, where he met Po
liceman Gill. He told the officer of his
fears and explained the reason of t Jala er
rand to the house. • : f ; /::?/->' ¦
most dark.
When Dean arrived ath"the house lie
found the front' rooms absolutely unfur
nished,'and as was his custom, made an
inspection* of the globes on the chande,
liers. After- going through air the rooms
In the front of the house he started upon
an inspection of the, rear of the dwelling
and on the top floor came to a room, the
door of which 'was' closed.;. He said yes
terday that he . knocked > at the door,
thinking that possibly some one might be
in there, 'but on getting no - reply he
opened the door very caref ully. . , The
shade was fully down and ; the room al-
usual "to let'* signs. . -
The agents had taken that step owing
to the statement of E. C. -Priber.Uh'e
landlord, to the effect that though* the
rent had been received from Hawkins on
January 8 as advance ¦ payment . for- a
month there was no sign of any one oc
cupying the house, and it was presumed
that Hawkins had changed his mind and
had forfeited the $30 which he had paid:
In any case, the month expired^ yesterday,
and that , was ¦sufficient cause for - the
agents to' visit ¦ the place.' ; • • . •
f C. S. Lahanler, clerk for Umbsen & Co.,
stated yesterday that on January 8 a man
came to the office and made inquiry as to
renting a house.'.; Lahanier asked him, how
C. S. Lahanier,. of Umbsen &
Co., Describes Man Who
RENTS HOUSE IN
NAME OF "HAWKINS"
The skirt and cuffs of the jacket were
trimmed 'with , velvet and was cut in the
style called "empire." The chemise was
a cheap . affair. ;. The golf cap found be
side the body was of brown and yellow
check.; Her shoes bore evidence of having
been lately half soled. . The mark on the
Inside Is "The Carlisle." .
The clothes worn by. the murdered 'girl
were plain and neat. -^ She wore, common
cotton knit underclothes. '! They " were
somewhat moth eaten. Her f stockings
were black and were heavy woolen ones.
Her plaid cape was ' an inexpensive one
and had a hood attached; The underskirt
was of gingham or calico. and was of a
faded red. She wore a shirt waist of dark
blue'and white spots." Her dress was ready
made and is known as "tailor made."
The!. unfortunate girl's clothes had no
distinguishing marks- on them, .The
clothes were closely scrutinized by- the
Morgue officials in the hope of finding
some laundry mark that would lead to
solving her identity. , - ' -
Morgue Officials Closely Ex
amine the Girl's
Apparel.
NO CLEW GIVEN
BY THE CLOTHES
In reference/to the age, height, weight
and general' appearance of the man who
rented the flat. and the man who met Nora
Fuller both Lahanler and Krone agree.
, The description furnished by Lahanler,
who rented the flat to -the man who said
his name was Hawkins, Is as follows:
About 5 feet 9 inches 'in height, 35 or 40
years o'.d, brownish mustache, broad
shoulders and wore an overcoat.- -', looked
like a business man. - -.-!,: r
Mr.{'Krohe -says further that Bennett
would not strike any one as being 'fitted
for that calling. He gives the man a- bad
reputation and believes that he meant no
good "to. the girl when he made the ; ap
pointment. ; '. ¦ " ' "••'
The description of the man vwho . met
Nora Fuller in the Popular restaurant
the day she disappeared is, according to
Krone, as follows: S He Is a man of .about
35 or 40 years of age, a strong fellow with
broad shoulders and weighs about 170
pounds. His complexion was fair. His
mustache is brownish ' red. He stands
about 5 feet 9 inches. and had a habit of
wearing clerical: clothes to. uphold his'as
sertion^ that /about ; eight -years ; ago he
studied for, the ministry. . -" . . -¦: ' ..
is furnished by C. S. Lahanler of Umbsen
& Co., tally ¦¦ In almost every respect.
Judging from the descriptions given by
both; Krone and Lahanier, it Is safe to
say that the man who advertised for a
girl and met Nora Fuller was the same
man who subsequently rented the Sutter
street flat from Umbsen , & Co. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
ELEANOR FULLER ISfOUND
MURDERED IN VACANT HOUSE
The description of the man who gave
the name of .John Bennett, who met
Nora Fuller in the Popular t restaurant on
the day she suddenly : disappeared from
view, as given by F..W. Krone Jr., pro
prietor of the" place, and that, of the man
who rented the Sutter-street flat, which
Man Who Met Girl 'the
Day She Disappeared
Rented Flat.
DESCRIPTIONS
TALLY EXACTLY
18
* ADVEB.TISEMSNTS.
"^ II * -^ THat Breed aiici
' • - Plag^tie Spots tHe
OutgrowtH of Dis- ,
*™ i *i w, aa jaEa . . , tipoi\ tHe System.
An old sore or ulcer is not only a source of great bodily discomfort and pain, but the \
constant care, worry arid anxiety over one of these malignant festering places produces
unhealthy state of the nervous system and the patient becomes morbidly sensitive, miserable
and rioomv ' No one could be otherwise when haunted by the presence of an inflamed, angry-; .
lookmg sore, with a continual discharge, carrying with if the life fluids,- thus robbing thetedyi;
of strength and vitality. An eating, lingering . ulcer naturally fills the sufferer with -fear .-'r
while notinp: the daily growth of the sore, from which there is v a slow but perpetual discharge
of yellow or greenish watery matter, and feeling the dull, throbbing or sharp shotting pains
as the poison penetrates the tender tissues' and reaches the bone. .
All slow-healing, stubborn s6res are dangerous. The same germ-producing, cancer-
tainted blood is back of every sore or ulcer, large or small, that does not promptly and perma-
nently heal ; the little blister upon the lip or tongue, the warty growth or" mole upon the cheek
##£-¦ and.other parts of the body, a^ T9&tuagomrM>fltromth9lL n*S
About a year a?o I wrote the medical aT j/1t"H e almost imperceptible to ta« foot was one solid sora and
Department of your company to ascer- «iuvj-m^ <w. v, ¦ r . ,r . . v6 ry offensivs. I spent over $1,000
tain whether or not your S. S. S. would tumor Or lump Upon tlie breast, on two trips to Hot Spring. Local
euro Cancer, as my wife had one on her . . - .**.'. */-, '„ *.\,~. r>hv»ici»ns treated me to no purpose.
breast, which three or four of the best as often result inCanCer aS the f^Jd "bout come to the conolu.ion
doctor* at Creston, Iowa, advised her to , _ J TTIOrP frip-htful-look- *«» av8 m * le * amputated when a
have cut out or removed with a plaster, deeper ana more mgflUUl 1OOK. i nd uoed me to try S. S. S. I
TJpon receipt ofyour letter, I bought five ¦ ing- 'ulcers TheV feed UDOn beran to tak© your medicine, and
bottles and she commenced to take it, A "^ u.l\.*~j.j. ¦ J ¦ * ia Beven mO nths it completely
and in less than eierht months she was same morbid, and. ueStlTlC- j cured me. I consider S. S. S. the
cured. I did not write you until now be- | n 1e +liof ore ert-nur- grandest medicine the world has
cause I wanted to see if the cancer would tive materials tnat are gener- ever known. My case is a witness
come back again. There are no eymp- f^j fli» Wood and today es to what S. S. S. will do
toms or sirns of a return and I write in ateQ Wltnin me D1OOQ, anu » taken tegularly< x hava B ain .
order to let others know what a wonder- j : _ fl a rn mation arid destruction ed 20 pounds. I write this to show
ful medicine your S. S. S. is. My wife . —it ' .• *. ¦ ¦ the company my appreciation of.
used just 17« bottles, but the Cancer o f tlSSUe Will Continue JUSt SO their wonderful medicine, and I am
was cured after she had taken 12 or 14. , . xt,:-- ;_„,-, - A „, off »f ie ready to writw a letter at any time
I feel aft though your S. S. S. could not long 33. tUlS impure mailer IS to any one w i B hinff further infor-
be too highly recommended. . o - p J f"hrmitrli the Circulation aation.
G. E. BHIZGAK, Thayer, Iowa. CaiTiea tnrOUgn Uie CirCUiaUQn j. B. TAXBERT, Winona, Miss.
- - - to these old sores and ulcers.
Washes, salves, nor anything else applied directly to the sore can do any permanent good ;
neither does the use of the'knife or flesh destroying plaster cure, for local causes. have nothing
to do with these germ-breeding plague spots. You might cut out every particle of the diseased
flesh and scrape the bone, but another sore would come. 'The germs or poison in the blood must
be destroyed, the stream of sluggish, polluted blood purified and made strong before the heal-
ing process begins and the sore or ulcer can get well. S. S. S. is the only remedy known that
can and does accomplish this. It cleanses and purifiesthe circulation, and when new, rich blood
is carried through the little veins and arteries to the sore, it brings about a healthy healing
around the edges, and a permanent and thorough cure is soon effected. S. S. S. not .only '
S expels all impurities, but works a complete and radical
jf^gn^% cnan g e i n tne entire system by stimulating in active organs,
C d^ I toning up the nerves, increasing the appetite, and aiding
\^*^5k the digestion and assimilation of food, thus building up the
IfcT/^"^ g hj^^ I weak and wasted constitution. S. S. S. is strictly and
f^^^z entirely a vegetable medicine, and no bad effects. follow
i ts use) an d for this reason it is better than Mercury and
Potash or other minerals, which not only ruin the stomach, but often produce most stubborn
and offensive sores themselves.
Prompt treatment should be given a sore or ulcer, no matter how small it may be,
whether external or internal, for what you think a simple sore, may, in reality, be an unde-
veloped Cancer. Our physicians will gladly advise all who need their services, and those who
write us will receive valuable suggestions regarding the treatment of their case free of charge.
THE 5WIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlanta, Ga. > >.
HqocFsSarsaparilla
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and tone
to all the organs and functions, and . is
positively -unequalled for all run-down or
debilitated conditions. . ; • . . :
¦ Day in and'out there, is that feeling of
weakness that makes a burden of itself.
Food does not strengthen. '. ¦
Sleep does not refresh. ,
It is hard to do, hard to bear, what
should be easy,— vitality Is on the ebb, and
the whole system suffers, j
. For this condition take . ¦ •
V General Debility
Hood's Pili,3 cure constipation. 25 cents.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
CM 1051 1CASSXT ST. t«t. 6^A7tli, S.F.Cal.
,E3V The L»rjest Anatomical Museum in the
-fjfe.. World. Weakneues or »ny contracted
Q2*9gH disease p«sltl««lr cared by the oldest
Igjgjl Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years. I
flJSf } DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f wJndSfi Consultation free and.sttlctly private.
I JmmQF II Treatment personally or by letter. A
I W 9 P( " itive CuT * 1° erery case undertaken.
t fi • II A Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of
II Yt* BABalAGE, UAILED FREE. ( A
(I {^ valuable book for mrn) . ,
JO JB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F.
' Examination and Consultation Free. • Call or
write. D.WILLIAMS & CO., 140 Geary St., S.F.
... Inflammation Prostate Gland — I was cured
by Dr. Williams & Co., after others failed. .
¦write. D. WILLIAMS & CO., 140 Geary, S. F.,
If we fall tQ dp as we agree.
WE CURE MEN— ORIGINAL NEW METHOD
$1000 Reward
IBBBHBBBBBBBBBBIBBBBBBaBBHBBBBaBaBBBBBHBHaaaBB
I ' ,:;¦--: . ' : ' ., ' -, ¦-¦..¦. ..... ' B
i ' ¦ ¦ '5--- ; u-'v;,'-.^-. , ' ¦ -;.';.;•;;. ¦ ?
j. Belladonna Pla ters .4 fop 25c §
| Packer's Tar Soap. . .2 for 25c g
J Violet Toilet Water, size. 1 . A op 35c g
| ..Violet Ammonia, 2 %c s'zs I. . . .f op 20c g
a Manning's Florida Water, 50c size. . . . .; . . .fop 40c e
1 : Manning's FloVida Water, 25c size. . . . . . .'. f op 15c n
S Palmer's German Almond Soap, z$c size. ..f op 15c b,
j Epsom Salts... 5c pep pound &
{ Flaxseed Meal....... 5c pep pound §
J Sulphur ........................ 5c pep pound |
J Gascara Bark — .......... 10c pep pound g
|" '¦ . ¦ ' * ¦ . . .•¦ ¦ . ¦ : fi ¦ ¦ D
¦ ¦-.¦¦ - - . ¦¦' : B
j Bring Us Your Prescriptions and Save 50 % |
I A Swell Line of Ladies' Pocketbooks §
: ¦ ¦ I at 20 % Discount. - |
¦ " : _^^_ ffl
§ VIS GIVE TRADING STAMPS. §
¦BBflBBBBBBBBBBIIBBBBBBBBaBBflBBBflBBBBBBBBBBaB&B
DR. HALL'S. REINVIGORATORprSg?!
Stops all loses In 21 hours. Five KisS WW
hundred reward lor any case we liul KES\
cannot ¦ cure," <> This -secret . remedy E m
cures '. Emissions, Impotency, BK9 K^i
Varicocele, •Gonorrhoea, Gleet, ffffH Pfl
Btrlctures, Drains, Lost Man- lilhi |iUJJ
hood and • all other wasting ef- Ms& M$M
fects'of .^self-abuse or excesses. NttgasSul
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 8 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to 5 cure any case. ; Call or < address orders
HALL'S * MEDIC Ali- INBTITUTE, SB8 " Broad-
way, .: Oakland, Cal. - < Also - for sale at 1 1078 W,
iiarket st..B. T. -BenoTtor Iree book.
AUVERTISE2IENTirs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A 1 llShh 11 VI Ii r HH (iRfi Rfll-rWBl^ I^B-^-wj -W A
A ylllLl o Uui 1 vL llJLyviTilTliyi^A/u. :I.E litinil,
> ~* ==f An . Eyer-lncreasing Host of Y/lt-
'J PE-RU-NA CURES CATARRH. I WlWMSsStlk
L. HWFWfrilt*ffMIWJfW''*«'«B^«aHMUP^ii^^ r« pIe say that chronic catarrh cannot b<»
P» F^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ""j^" 1^. 1 jg~ cured. The science of medicine has mado
? ' "M \ - M y* all such statements absurd in thi3 day
'/ . . K'f-i' : m « ' an^ a^ e oC tne world. Those who know
"¦' 4? H '¦'" ' H a of Peruna. know that catarrh can bo
!%',,. ra . - : ' . • • If M cured. *A fe-w of the great multitude oC
: ' H \ « ff wltnessea to this fact will be given. The
§¦¦¦¦' — ::: $^§ljl§lllflh. J 0 H " X have been cured of my catarrhal
fl M ' «^^^^^^~- ::: >vi^^l\ BI H affliction, and think that Peruna is a'.i
fl ii — — -^^rr~>>:~;:v^[A\MS Kj| H- --* - >' ou claim it tp be. You are at liberty to
S Ii if \ - Jr - s - R - Hanklnson; Poughkeepsie, N.
1 -'H &>£ In H* I' catarrh. I was advised by^. friend to try
H aM\hIJ/jm\ V\\ \ •"•Vvtv^v^^-- 1 "" Tk A'JN''' i D Peruna, After taking one bottle I noticed
I i f¥ -Jy*r/ '/^ZMniK II) "vKS^ 1 '*" Jwlv-vCvis S ' " B much Improvement, and the second cured
IKj '¦• , Kj ff^ "Peruna has given me an iron consti-'
B 1 1 tution. I suffered for years with a most
H ¦ I j ¦ ' •• ' unpleasant catarrh ot the head and throat
M - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ; III which gave me an offensive breath. A
C J g^.^.^^^^ »»,^ujijj. JiMtLJ^..L%l.J l l/,.T1^i ll HkJ i a ir Flvrmiin i l'^f TL friend advised me to try Peruna, I did so.
¦rii sMwimwWiia^mmiWKtm&XBfam&VMymiiJftTtJi^ b» rather skeptical in mind, and now there 13
fc, 1 — J nothing I have such faith in as your
... jr° catarrh remedy. In nine week3 I was
Ik »w rf^ • 1 • M ' B completely cured, my general healtn wan
fl ' • H/MY XIIOC rl3K/> • v fi 'also greatly improved and I soon found
I .. noD.oiiasnare,. , c,l sr¥2s^«a^2«KtSs i ffl j sa
/ ¦•¦'¦¦¦¦ EX-CHIEF JUSTICE OF NEW MEXICO; \ gi^vfbS. able to endure for
pf '¦••• • • L yearS " ' SAMUEL J. PETERSON.
° I I III = — " - -. ¦ ,
• • '- ¦ If vou do not derive prompt ana
Silas Hare of Sherman, Texas, was born in Rosa County, Ohio, November 13, ' J , >, . *uJ .,.<¦ nf
removed to Hamilton, Texas, when 15 years of age. Served one year in the satisfactory results frO!Ji WO USO OT
war with Mexico. Was Chief Justice of New Mexico in 1862. Practiced law In. « „„ 'u a „¦§. nnr , a 4 n Dr Hartman
Indiana in 1850. Settled in Sherman. Texas, in 1S65. Was District Judge, and Paruna, write at OnCOXO Ur. narxman,
¦was elected to Fiftieth Congress, was defeated by Hon. Joseph "W. Bailey, now. \ nivinn a full statement of YOUr COSO,
United States Senator from Texas. Is father of Major Hare who served with- 9'Y m 9 a run sxaxomanj ur ju ,
distinction in the Philippine war. This distinguished gentleman In a letter from and he Will be pleased to give JOU m*
the Hamilton, House, Washington, p.. C. says: valuable advice gratis.
"I earnestly recommend your Peruna to all persons suffering with Address Dr. Hartman, President of
catarrh or nervous disorders. -¦ I am satisfied that it is a good and whole- The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
somersmsdy." SILAS HARE. Ohio. r^
|fy/<SWiEWN&f I
t 3 . It would require a whole newspaper to describe the' j"
L 9 values we offer in this great sale. ..We cannot do them 1 1
t B justice in this small space. Our window display will- J. .
•V B give yon an idea of them. ... . : 1
fc| Men's Suits. tj.
y H $9.50 Men's Suits, sale price ' ?5.85 V
t ¦ $11.00 Men's Suits, sale price. $6. 65 7
I I $13.50 Men's Suits, sale price.. ......$7.85 j
I I Like redactions ia all overcoats of same values. 3 ,
E B All these suits and overcoats are all-wool proods; Ja-", i\-
MB test weaves in Cassimeres and Worsteds. ' AU"-hand-', j.-
II Childpeh's, Suites. a
Y 1 All $2.00 and $2.50 Suits, special at.. *f.. ;.....^1.35;. J
t I All $2.75 and $3.00 Suits, special at..:. 91*85 Ig
1 I Boys' Knee Pan^s, value 50c; special at...... 21c pair 1 i
SUMMERFIELD & ROMAN, if
;[ Corner Fifth arid. Markst Streets. Ji
: I SOLE A63NTS FOR CARHARTT OVERALI.6. mMcuxnstances it was decided that Eleanor
should take a position that would not be
too Irksome and yet ; bring In a small in
come. She answered an advertisement
that appeared in the morning papers Fri
day, January 10. The advertisement read;
WANTED — A younr white rlrl to- take
charge of a child and do light housekeeping.
Apply Box 1220. ' : ,
His sister had not been home and no
word had been received from her.> He
hurried to the Popular restaurant, only to
find' it closed, and fearing that something
had happened, he hastened to the address
on Geary street, only to find it a vacant
lot. He made^inquiries in the neighbor
hood and the next day reported the mat
ter to the police.
While the voice sounded cheerful there
was something that was nervous In the
tone. Parlano left home soon afterward
to attend a meeting of the board of re
lief at the Masonic Temple on Post street.
When he returned about 11 o'clock he
found his mother in an anxious state.
She replied that she would go to the
Bay City Market, get the things and re
turn-home at once. . .
In answer, to a question she said that
she was with Bennett at his residence,
this time saying 1500 Geary street. I She
further said that Bennett and his family
were nice people and would like her to be
gin work for them right away. Parlane
asked the girl to hold the line while he In
formed her mother upstairs. He returned
to the 'phone a few minutes later and told
Eleanor that her mother said to return
home at once and on her way to bring
provisions for Sunday, she having taken
money for that purpose.
The girl left home at 5 o'clock to be at
the appointed place at the time mentioned
in the note. An hour later she telephoned
to her brother, Lewis J. Parlane, telling
him that she was In the 1500 block on
Geary street. Lewis recognized her voice.
If this letter does .not reach you in time,
call at the Popular restaurant, 55 Geary
street, at 1 o'clock; call at 6 p. m. Ask the
restaurant for John Bennett.
JOHN BENNETT.
Eleanor in reply to her application re
ceived the following note:
FERIDA, Yucatan, Feb. 8.— A group of
Maya rebel Indians have surrendered to
Colonel Flores at Bacalar. They were in
great misery, hungry and wholly desti
tute.
It was apparent that they were driven
to surrender by hunger, and their attitude
showed that they anticipated dire pun
ishment, if not death, at the hands of the
Mexican soldiers. Their gratitude was
unbounded on finding that Colonel Flores
received them with every evidence of
commiseration and humanity, ordering
that their wants be immediately supplied.
Plats of ground will be given to the In
dians to demonstrate their Intention to
obey the laws. -
•
Kind Treatment.
Maya Rebels Surrender to Mexican
Troops and Are Amazed at
INDIANS SEEK PEACE
WHEN THEY ABE HUNGRY
FKKECG, Feb. 8.— The Chinese Government
to-day dismissed all the European professors
from the Imperial University.
It was consequently supposed that he
had been drowned. Parlane's photograph
was shown to Fred W. Krone, manager
of the restaurant in which Nora met
"John Bennett." Krone eald he thought
the photograph' to be that of a man a lit
tle younger in appearance than Bennett,
but that the features were similar. Aa
the photograph was taken some time ago,
however, it may be it was that of Par
lane.
Mrs. Fuller believed that if the man
was still alive he might have abducted
the girl. He was engineer of the steamer
Tal Wo, plying along the China coast, and
disappeared one evening while on the up
per deck getting a breath of fresh air.
Another theory advanced as to the
probable cause of the girl's disappearance
is that she was abducted by her father.
Fuller is not the right name of the girl.
Mrs. Fuller's first husband was the father
of Eleanor, and his name was James Par
lane. He was reported drowned years ago
by a Coroner's jury— murdered, Mrs. Ful
ler said, but as no one ever saw his body
the charge was abandoned.
Her mother could not account for her
disappearance and believed that, she was
detained in some lodging-house. Mrs.
Fuller thought that Emma Searlght was
the other girl seen In the restaurant, but
Miss Searight of 1415 Polk street stoutly
maintained that she had not seen the
girl since her. disappearance.
Mrs. Fuller did not believe Evans'
thory, as she sraid that her daughter was
fond of home and cared nothing for run
ning: about the streets. She qnce re
mained out late, but that was only when
her little brother was playing at the Tiv
oll during Christmas week. Mrs. Fuller
was sick at the time and per
mitted Eleanor to take him to and from
the theater. - Except in this instance she
remained at home. %~> *""
The name impressed him, he having
read the account of Miss Fuller's disap
pearance. He went with the handwriting
to Mrs. Fuller, but she could not identify
it, while a brother thought It closely re
sembled the girl's writing. This story
would tend to uphold the theory that be
cause the girl's best friend ran away a
short time before that she.too, was seized
with a desire to see the world and ran
away to join her friend.
Robert R. Evans, a waiter in the Chi
cago restaurant. 13 Sixth street, believes
he saw Eleanor Maude Fuller alive and
well on Tuesday, January 14. She, with
another girl, entered the cafe about 10
o'clock and ordered coffee and charlotte
russe. The girls commenced giggling and
the waiter Jokingly tossed them a pencil
telling them if they couldn't tell him the
joke to write it down. He went about his
business and later in cleaning up the table
noticed the name "Nora" written in a
large round hand.
for which the State agreed to buy the
title. If the property could be sold for
$60,000, that amount would put the society
k out of debt. There has been a bona fide
v c2er of $52,000. The subject will probably
be considered again on March 8, to which
date the board adjourned.
placed A. B. Spreckels in nomination for
•president. He was unanimously re-elect
ed. Director Barrett nominated Fred
erick Cox for vice president and his elec
tion was unanimous.
It \eas decided to hold the next State
Fair from September S to the 2Jth.
Grove L. Johnson was re-elected super
intendent of the paviiion and John
Mackey superintendent of the park. The
president appointed the following as
members of the speed committee: l>lrec
tors Terry, Covey and Rush and the as
sistant secretary. The following commit
tees were appointed by the chair: Execu
tive—Johnson, Terry, Paine, Rush and
Cox. Finance — Cox, Terry, Johnson and
Hush. Printing and publication — Johnson,
Covey and Chaxnberlin. Library—Cham
berlin, Paine and Rush. Legal— Henshaw,
Johnson and Harris.
It was decided that at the coming fair
jsari mutuels will be sold on heats of har
ness races; auction and pari mutuels on
the results, with bookmaklng on the run
&in? races.
With reference to Agricultural Park.
Sacramento, Director Johnson reported
the question before the board was what
disposal to make of the property. It was
agreed It was worth more than the $43,000
services rendered during his past term
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8.— The annual
meeting of the State Board of Agriculture
teas held this afternoon and organiza
uon perfected for the ensuing year. Di
rector Frederick Cox in a few words ex
pressive of the board's appreciation of
Robert R. Evans Thinks She
Was in Restaurant on
January 14.
SELECT DATE
FOR STATE FAIR
BELIEVES HE SAW
ELEANOR FULLER
BENNETT STRANGELY
DROPS FROM SIGHT
Mrs. Fuller is the divorced wife of W.
W. Fuller, and being in straitened clr-
Eleanor Maude Fuller, aged 15 years,
disappeared from the home of her mother,
Mrs. Alice Maude Fuller, 1747 Fulton
street, *on Saturday evening, January 11.
Mangrum & Otter sent a signed circular
offering their services to the Hawkinses.
All this goes to show that Mrs. Hawkins
was thoroughly imbued with the hope
that she was to have a residence of no
small importance.
One of the letters, bearing the postmark
and date January 21 was discovered lying
by the side of trfe solitary chair. It was
addressed to Mrs. C. B. Hawkins, Golden
West Hotel, and had been redirected to
2211 Sutter street. Another of the busi
ness communications was addressed to "C.
B. Hawkins Esq., Golden "West Hotel,"
and there was one addressed, "Mrs. E.
Armstrong, 2211 Sutter street," from the
firm of Livingston Bros.
That the deceased was known as Mrs.
Hawkins there Is not the slightest doubt,
for several letters were In the scantily
furnished, uncarpeted room,' sent evident
ly from furniture and dry goods stores
soliciting Mrs. Hawkins' patronage. In
fact all the letters were in the same tenor
and made it appear that the girl had con
templated furnishing the house wherein
she came to her death, made it appear,
too, that she had been lured there in the
full expectation that it was to be her
home.
Circulars Bearing That Name
Are Found in Room
Near Body.
GIRL WAS KNOWN
AS MRS. HAWKINS
The dealers in various wares who sent
their advertisements to the house on Sut
ter street obtained the name and address
from the real estate agents.
The clerk remembered of a man calling
for mail for C. E. Hawkins, although no
such man roomed there.
A clerk *of Umbsen & Co. was sent to
the hotel a*nd he said that Hawkins was
all right. Upon later inquiry it was found
that no such name was on the register,
but upon investigation at the instance of
the owner of the house, E. C. Prlber, It
was found that the name C. W. Harkins
appeared on the register.
to C.-.B. Hawkins, Golden "West Hotel, or
2211 Sutter street. The name C. B. Hawk
ins, given by the man who applied to
Umbsen & Co. to rent the house at 2211
Sutter street, was not found on the Gold
en "West Hotel register, which place he
gave for reference.-
- LAREDO, / Tex., . Feb. . 8.— A" "-Victoria
(Mexico) special says: It is rumored here
that Manuel ' Gonzales f has arranged to
transfer a large tract of oil lands below
Victoria f to , the Southern California OH
Company for $1,250,000. It Is said, that the
contract, has been drawn up and all that
is necessary. to the actual transfer is the
dood. -.-.¦•¦ ¦ " ¦ .;".• ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦-.
Large Oil ' Land Deal Reported.
.- '.'I was sent by Umbsen & Co. to repair
the lock and take Impressions for a new
set of keys. Having completed my work
I walked through 'the house and found
it "empty; ;At the time It struck me as
being queer, because the house had been
rented, as^I understood, some days pre
viously: - 1 did not think anything was
wrong, believing . that ' the tenants would
move in in a few days. I walked through
the lower part of the house and then
went up stairs.' I did not notice any odor
or see anything in the 1 rooms I visited.
I did not • examine ¦ every room on the , top
floor, : taking . it for \ granted .that every
thing was all right. ' I did not go ° Into
the room : where the : s body was - found.
There was nothing in the rooms I exam
ined , to, indicate • that any one had been
there." -~ ' . o
F. J. Bertrand, the locksmith engaged
by Umbsen & Co. to repair locks of
houses- under their supervision, visited
the house, of ghastly mystery a short
time after it was rented by Hawkins,
and after examining the locks walked
through the house on a tour of Inspection.
His examination of the rooms was a
cursory one. He saw nothing unusual,
looked through one or two rooms and de
parted. In speaking about his visit Mr.
Bertrand said: .,
Bertrand by Turn of Knob
Would Have Faced the
Dread Mystery.
ROOM HOLDS ITS
SECRET FROM HIM
MARTINEZ, Feb. 8.— The inquest to
day over the body of Mrs. Richard TShit
lock, who was found dead in bed on the
morning of February 2, ended in a ver
dict that death was due to causes un
known. It was at first supposed the
woman had been poisoned by drinking
wood alcohol, but no poison was found
by the chemist who made an analysis of
the stomach.
Fails to Learn Cause of Death.
Business cards of the following firms
were also found in the room with the
dead girl: W. G. Stafford, coal dealer;
Frederick Purdy, representative of the
Sterling Furniture Company; L. Leben
baum, grocers. A card of the John Breu
ner Company, furniture dealers, was also
found in the room. On the back of this
card written In lead pencil, were the
words, "Mrs. C. B.Haw."
A circular from the firm of Mangrum
and other dealers In mantels bearing cKte
of January 9 and addressed to C. B. Haw
kins, Golden West Hotel.
A circular from the T. Brilliant Furni
ture Company, addressed to Mrs. C. 'B.
Hawkins, 2211 Sutter street.
A circular dated January 9, from the
Sterling Furniture Company, addressed
to Mrs. C. B. Hawkins, Golden We3t
Hotel, or 2211 Sutter street.
In the room where the murdered girl's
body was found were several- circulars
from furniture stores and cards from vari
ous business houses. Circulars from the
following firms and bearing the addresses
given were found:
Indicate That Victfrn Was
Preparing to Furnish
Dwelling.
Big Transfer of Land.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 8.— Record was
filed to-day of the sale of 2800 acres of
land by the Loma "Vista. Land - Company
to M. E. Post of North Cucamonga, San
Bernardino County, for a consideration of
$200,000. The land Is four and a half miles
southwest of the city limits of Los An
gales. It is understood that the purpose
of the purchaser Is to subdivide it and
place it on the market.
MANY CARDS AND
CIRCULARS FOUND
Mrs. Rose Cohen, who resides at 2203
Sutter street, said last night: "Whatever
occurred must have been done quietly, as
I have not heard a sound from next door.
I noticed that all the windows were kept
closed and the shades back and front
closely drawn."
"The man I saw," said Asher "was I
should judge about 5 feet 7 inches high."
A relative of Mr. Asher, an elderly man,
saw a pretty, vivacious girl go hurriedly
up the steps of the house about ten days
or two weeks ago, but was unable to give
a minute description of her.
At any rate the girl and man whose name
she bore, or assumed, were seen. H. Asher
of 2213 Sutter street saw Hawkins leaving
the house about two weeks ago. Asher,
being anxious to know if the house was
let, and. also to know who his neighbor
was to be, asked the man if he had set
tled In the residence. He replied that he
had and was going to put. furniture in the
house. Asher describes the man as being
bet-ween 35 and 40 years old.
No one seems to have heard so much us
a sound from the house. Neighbors on
the right and on the left are at a loss to
understand how the female could have
been around for days and, if alive, not to
have been seen by them.
Another phase of the mystery Is the en
tire absence of identification by the
neighbors of either Hawkins or the girl.
H. Asher Speaks to Hawkins
and lady Observes
NEIGHBORS SEE
MYSTERIOUS PAIR
"At about 6. o'clock he left the restau
rant, and I noticed him walking up and
down the sidewalk for some time, .but do
not remember having seen him meet any
one. • He has not been in my restaurant
since."
"Last Saturday .evening," said Krone on
this occasion, "Mr. Bennett, when he en
tered for dinner, left instructions with mo
that should a young girl call for him I
should bring her . at once to . his table,
which was in the center of the dining
room.
P.. W. Krone, proprietor of the Popular
restaurant, stated the day after the girl's
disappearance that he , had known Ben
nett as a patron of his place for fifteen
yeara.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUABY 9, 1902.
ELEANOR FULLER IS FOUND
MURDERED IN VACANT HOUSE
Continued From Page Eighteen.
19
digestion or stomach trouble.
Thousands of people who are not sick, but
are well and wish to keep well take Stuart's
To Keep Their Digestion Perfect Nothing
Is So Safe and Pleasant as Stuart's
Dj8pepsi& Tablets.
Thousands of men and women have found
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the safest and
most reliable preparation for any form of in-
For the Children
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADvEBTISEKEEirrS.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
known for years as the best preparation for all
stomach troubles whether in adults or Infants.
For bables.no matter how young or deli-
cate, the tablets will accomplish wonders In
increasing flesh, appetite and growth. Use
only the large sweet tablets in every box. Full-
sized boxes are sold by all druggists for 50c,
and no parent should neglect the use of this
safe remedy for all stomach and bowel trou-
bles if the child is ailing In any way regarding
its food or assimilation.
Notary Public in and for Erie Co., N. Y.
Gentlemen: Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets were
recommended to me for my two months' old
baby, which was sick and puny, and the
doctors said was suffering from indigestion. J
took the child to the hospital, but there found
no relief. A friend mentioned the Stuart Tab-
lets and I procured . a box from . my druggist
and used only the large sweet lozenges in the
box and was delighted to • find they were just
the thing for my baby. I feel Justified in say-
ing that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets saved n|y
child's ,life. MRS. W. T. DETHLOPE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day of "April. 1897. HENRY KARIS,
A ' Buffalo mother, a short time ago, who
despaired of the life of her babe, was so de-
lighted with the results from giving the child
these tablets that she went before the notary
public of Erie County, N. Y., and made the
following affidavit: *
Mrs. O. H. Crotsley. 538 Washington street.
Hoboken. New Jersey, . writes : "Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets Just fill the bill for children as
well as for older folks. I've had the best of
luck with them. My three-year-old girl takes
them as readily as candy. I have only to say
•tablets' and she drops everything else and
runs for them." - . • i -' ;^*
Little children who are pale, thin and have
no appetite, or do not grow or thrive, should
use the tablets after eating and will derive
great benefit from them. z
But it is not generally known that the Tab-
lets are Just as good and wholesome for little
folks as for their elders.
Tablet* after every meal to insu... perfect di-
gestion and avoid trouble.
£S& WONG WOO,
; IfTT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
\Cl SANITARIUM.
.^J|g|v 7 764-66 Clay St., S. F., CsL
7MWF A2£K5FgS2K
fcerbo. over 3000 varieties belnc oaed. Hours
6:80 toll a. m., 1 to 2 and T to 8 p. m.
Weak Men and Women
HOULD TJSE DAMIANA. BITTERS. THH
*¦* Great Mexican Remedy; rirei health and
(trengtb to sexual organs. Depot. 823 Market.
A Free Trial Paekagre Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured* bo many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute ha* decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute, success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building. Fort'
Wayne, Ind, stating that you desire ono
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies »are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
"^iTou^lefay? *" re< * a «"ed to wrfta
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Bemarkable Remedy Thxt
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
Accept no substitute for « Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood, and lungs.
The sluggish liver is made active by
¦*iei:s2 of Dr. Piercs's Pleasant Pellets.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures coughs, bronchitis, lung "trouble"
and other diseases of the organs of res-
piration. It is the best tonic medicine
for those whose strength and vitality
have been exhausted by an attack of grip.
It purifies the blood, cleansing it of
the poisonous accumulations which breed
and feed disease. It gives increased ac-
tivity to the blood-making glands, and
so increases the supply of pure blood,
rich with the red corpuscles of health.
"A word for your 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery." » writes Mrs. E. A. Bender, of. Keene,
Coshoctoa Co., Ohio. "We have been using it
a» a family medicine for more than four vears
*.« a cough remedy aud blood - purifier there is
nothing better; and after having the grip Dr
Pierce's Golden Medical Discoverv Is just the
right medicine for a complete bracing; up."
Physicians are calling attention to the
fact that influenza or grip has come to
stay. In the larger cities there has been
a marked increase in diseases affecting
the organs of respiration, which increase
is attributed to the prevalence of influ-
enza. Persons who are recovering from
grip or influenza are in a weak condition
ana peculiarly liable to pulmonary dis-
ease.
SECOiND ANNUAL
AUCTION
OF ABOUT 1OOO GEMS IN
ORIENTAL RUGS
——COMMBNCINCI— —
MONDAY, February 10,
10:30 A. M. AND 3 P. M. »• •
BAG0PIAN1 CO., 230 POST STREET
BETWEEN GRANT AVENUE AND STOCKTON STREET.
. A. W^LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
CATALOGUES.
SB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
DOCTORS ENDORSE
bWAJllr'KuUl
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kid-
ney, Liver op Bladder Remedy, will do fop
YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
EAST ATLANTA, Ga., March 1st. 190T
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton. N. Y.
Gentlemen — \V*hile it has never been my habit or inclination to recommend
remedies the ingredients of which are not all known to me, It seems as if I
should make .an exception in the case of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root My experi-
ence, so far as I have tested it in my practice, forces me to the concluakm that It
is a^remedy of the greatest value in all kidney, liver, bladder and other Inflamma-
tory conditions of the genito-urinary tract. I now take pleasure in prescribing
Swamp-Root in all such cases, with a feeling of assurance that my patients will
derive great benefit from its use. I shall continue to prescribe it in other cases In
my practice with the expectation of good results. Very truly youra, ... --..;;
(A.J.Hai'e,M. D. /f -^^--C-*>C* O r /^C^/\
Gentlemen— I have prescribed that wonderful remedy for kidney complaint. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most beneficial effect and know of many cures by it3
use. These patients had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other physicians, and
treated without benefit. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root effected a cure. I am a liberal
man and accept a spet Iflc wherever I find it. in an accepted school or out of it.
For desperate cases of kidney complaint under. treatment with unsatisfactory re-
sults I turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most flattering results. I shall
continue to prescribe it, and from personal observations state that Swamp-Root
has great curative properties. Truly Yours,
(t_ Barstow Irish, M. D/> ' •-^ - \>~:>': JP * y Si S% "V
276 9thSt,Borou S Ko« - f '; A SJ , — *T * ' Cf,) \
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice and Is taken by doctors themselves
who have kidney ailments, because they recognize in it the greatest and most
successful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder
trouble, or if there is a trace of It In your family history, send at once to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mall, immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all about
Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, be sure to say that you read this generous offer in the San Francisco
Sunday Call. »- •¦ *
. If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere. Don't
make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y.
S*n Francisco. Sunday. 9 February 1902.
Bookcase, $7.50 I
p- . : : — n |
A charming- little bookcase in golden oak, 24 inches wide ¦
! and 55 inches high. It is mounted on good castors, has four |
I adjustable shelves and brass rod in top for curtains (curtains 1
• not included in price). Picture above shows the case nicely. fl
Price, $7.50. a
Same case in birch, finished imitation mahogany, $7.50. £¦
Same case, but wider (35 inches), in golden oak and ma- H
hoganized birch. $0.00. With double glass doors. $15.00. I
O ¦ : Q H
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) 1
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. I
/Mi JL AJB.XO YV vvlX VJIJLI^ vk\
M ¦—¦ Ten more specials from the Owl- Drug- Go«lk
.//:'; There is but one way to buy drugs and that way .'^ra,
Vic -is by watching these weekly lists of specials: ]|L
W Roger & Gallet's Peau de Stanford's Vina Brandy . $1 *
Iff Espa Cnc Perfume 85c : ¦ e 7 home should bay* • htrrtu ' ¦ • ' I ¦
x Tooth Brushes 15c Lesley's Perfumes 90c •' ] jl
F Any 25c brush in the store four ounce bottle— — ojuiI $1<%$ ttzo j III
Lfl Raymond's Tooth Pdr 2 for 25c E&S Shampoo 20c . j rt
alt - Owl's regular 20c — around town 25c 1 iic two-bit bottles— »foftlilfwceks>alT III I
Jn^ Martin's Rye Whiskey 75c Kirk's Soaps doz cakes for 40c fwj[
'm \ One of the best dollar whiskies in the London Glycerine, Whlto Oatmeal or Jfjjr
ifflj • Lenox Hair Tonic 55c Yvette Face Powder 30c • m jl
A \ ¦ ¦ Always sells at J$c Imported— Owl's rezulaf ISflL sixsj aitr
\\\ ¦¦ Jtgenta for the JPutton Remedies Ms//
w4. - for Brtghf sDUmat* and Dlabatma wilt
\^N|k : m • 113ft Marital St, San FVvnclM* *fl f/J/
VrS^y *>r#«dw»r fc lOth 3*. OahUnd fW
ADVERTISEMENTS^ - '¦'¦ ,WASHINGTON. Feb. 8 —Rear Admiral and
Mrs. Schley. arrived In Washington this morn-
Ing from their Western and Southern trip and
went at onoe^to.thelr apartment* in the Rich
mond. ¦ '•¦-• ' .,¦¦¦ ¦ ;i . ; ', ¦¦¦:.'¦ • . ¦ ?.'.f-> -i
. : ODELL. Neb.'/ Febr8.— The sum' of $2700
has been stolen from Mrs. Scramble,- a
Bohemian widow, who lives north of* thiB
town. Several days ago she received the
money in payment for a , farm ' that she
had sold. Being distrustful of banks, she
put the money ' ln * a : tin can/ whfclr she
placed beneath the floor of her chicken
house. -When', Mrs.^Scramble went to get
it.it was gone. Search is being made for
the treasure,, but no clew has been found.
neath a Chicken-House and
¦ It Disappears. '1^ Hi ¦-
Nebraska Widow Secretes Coin. Be-
IEARFTJL OF THE BANK,
'BUT LOSES 'HEB MONEY
BEATEN AND KICKED TO
DEATH BY A GAMBLER
Traveling , Photographer From San
Francisco Murdered in an Ari
zona Tc wn. - V-'«
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 8.-News Is re
ceived from Clifton that J. T. Rlley, a
traveling photographer from San Francis
co, was beaten and kicked to death there
Bome days ago by J. O. Mclntosh, a gam
bler. ¦; Mrs. Mclntosh, also a gambler, was
running a crap game and took offense at
a remark by Riley. Mclntosh is in Jail.
Eulogies in the House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.-The House to
day devoted an. hour to the transaction of
minor business and the remainder of the
day to eulogies on the life and public ser
vices of the late Representative Burke of
Texas. - r '
-PASADENA, Feb. 8.— With the' selection
of San Francisco as the place for the
convention in . February, 1803, the twenty
first State convention of the Young Men's
Christian Association completed its secu
lar work to-night. ' ¦"* :" ;.
The following were elected members of
the executive committee, to serve until
1905:, Chauncey H. Dunn, Sacramento;
Prof es&or Walter H. Miller, Stanford Uni
versity; Frank M. Porter, Los Angeles;
I!*' Truman . San Francisco; John Q.
Anderson, Fresno; W. W. Roblee, River
side; John T. Spears, Redlands; Edward
Coleman, San Francisco;. W. C. Patter
son, Los Angeles.
_Trustees were elected as follows: Georga
w. Marston, San Diego; .George T. Haw
ley, Oakland; D. Edward > Collins, - Oak
jand; Lyman Stewart, Los Angeles; H-. J.'
McCoy, San Francisco; T. B. Hutchlnson,
Napa; Benjamin W. . Hahn, Pasadena;
David Jacks, Monterey; Chauncey H.
Dunn, Sacramento; Walter Miller, Stan
ford University. , '
ciation Delegates ! Name . Exec
utive Committee. '
State Young Men's Christian Asso-
SAN FRANCISCO GETS
THE NEXT CONVENTION
- Parsons is a young man with a taste
for politics and has been connected with
the Republican National Committee, of
which Senator Hanna !s chairman. He
Is permanently attached to the commit
tee at its headquarters in Washington.
At a reception given by Senator and Mr3.
Hanna last night it was noticed that
Parsons was much devoted to Miss Han
na, but the existence of the engagement
was not guessed at until to-day. ¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— It' became
known to-day that Miss Mabel Hanna,
oldest daughter of Senator and Mrs. Han
na, and Harry A. Parsons of Cleveland
are engaged to be married, but the date
of the wedding is not yet announced.: >
Miss Hanna has been the constant com
panion of her father and mother during
their stay In Y/ashington and has been a
figure at many of the Society events of
the nation's capital. She is a favorite
here and in Cleveland, where her girl
hood was spent, but she is of a rather
retiring disposition and is not as well
known at dances and frolics of the young
smart set as her sister. Miss Ruth, whoae
coming-out ln Cleve.and last winter was
a Great event.
Not Announced.
Marry the Lady, but Data Is
Harry Parsons of Cleveland Will
DAUGHTER OF HANNA
A CAPTIVE OF CT7PID
Senator Rawlins questioned Governor
Taft concerning the holdings of the
friars. The Governor said he.thought the
MANILA, Feb. 4, 1002.— The public session
of sugar and tobacco Interests favor a reduc
tion • of 75 per cent at least. A reduction of
60 per cent leaves the tariff almost prohibitive.
Sugar prices are very low; the European mar
ket is very dull on account of overproduction
and a low price. Tho sugar beet planters here
have lost heavily by- carabaos. machinery and
otherwise. Sugar cultivation is in a bad con
dition. , Memorials received from ¦ the . Sugar.
Growers' Association of Negros and Panay ask
for free trado' for this reason. I I. think a re
duction of 75 per cent on sugar and tobacco
would be a measure of relief and have an ex
cellent political effect. : • : J
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— Continuing his
narrative before the Senate Committee on
the Philippines, Governor Taft to-day re
verted to his testimony of yesterday for
the purpose of introducing a cablegram
he had received from - Acting Governor
Wright, urging a reduction ln the tariff
on Philippine articles imported into the
United States from the Philippines. He
said this cablegram was in response to
an inquiry from himself as to the effect
of a reduction of 50 per cent. The reply
of Acting Governor Wright is as follows:
Acting Governor of Phil
ippines Cables on
Conditions.
Senator Proctor asked where the friars
had secured money with which to pur
chase their lands, and this I inquiry led
Governor Taft to say that the fees for
marriages, funerals, christenings, etc.,
had been so high as to be complained of.
These charges for marriages had, he said,
led many 'couples to live together illicitly,
but that in most cases the obligations
thus taken were observed. .
general opinion 'as to the wealth and
holdings pf thevfriars had been greatly
exaggerated/He did not believe, -for In
stance, that they had- three-fourths of the
property owned in the cities. That; how
ever, the religious orders have ready cash
was true, as was evidenced by the fact
that they make loans. He instanced a
case in which the friars had advanced
money to promote a corner in hemp,
which had afterward failed because of ir
regularities on the part of the manager.
Governor Taft said the Philippine Gov
ernment is desirous of purchasing the
Manila property held by the friars, and
that it also would be desirable to secure
their holdings of agricultural lands.
In connection with the loaning of money
by the friars, Senator Lodge asked about
the necessity for a banking law, and the
witness replied that such- a law Is badly
needed. There are now, he said, two
Knglish banks in addition to the Spanish-
Filipino Bank, the latter being controlled
largely .by the church and being the only
bank of issue. He said there had been
some grants of land to the . church or
ders, but that as a rule they had ac
quired their holdings by purchase. .
The charge has been made," he said,
that much of their land had come to
them by deathbed conveyances, but this
charge is not borne out by a tracing of
the titles. The truth is that the friars
have the best titles in the island, and
even where there have been Irregularities
the statute of limitations would protect
the title." '
WANTS TARIFF
MUCH REDUCED
LONG PREPARES
HIS RESIGNATION
Secretary of the Navy
Will Soon Leave the
Cabinet.
and ordered him home after the arrival
of Sampson at Santlcro de Cuba, but he
did not do so. I •
After the battle Long recommended, to
the President that Schley be promoted,
and ln accordance with this recommenda
tion McKinley nominated the rear .ad
miral for advancement. The Secretary,
made an exhaustive investigation of the
command question in connection with. the
battle and he agreed with McKinley that
the credit for the victory belonged to
Sampson.
President Roosevelt has given no inti
mation as to who he will name to succeed
Long. The nanje of Governor Lowndes
of Maryland has been mentioned. Charles
H. Allen, formerly Assistant Secretary of
the Navy and Governor of Porto Rico is
also regarded as "available timber."
£j>ecial Dlsziatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1496 G STREET. N.
"W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— John D.
Long will shortly relinquish the portfolio
of Secretary of the Navy. The exact time
of the Secretary's'retirement has not been
fixed, but it is said that it will occur after
the President has disposed of the Schley
case.
The relations between the President and
the Secretary are of the most cordial
character and the President would un
doubtedly accept Long's resignation with
regret. At the same time it has been gen
erally understood that Long would be the
next member of the President's Cabinet
to retire, and it is said that his resigna
tion would have been in the hands of the
President before now had It not been for
the appeal made by Rear Admiral Schley
from the findings of the court of Inquiry.
There is no Intention on the part of the
Secretary of retiring under the fir© of crit
icism leveled against him by the Schley
enthusiasts. The Secretary believes that
In his treatment of ±vear Admiral Schley
he has been eminently fair. His friends
point out. that lt was within his province
during the war to have relieved Schley
SAMPSON AND CROMWELL
NOW ON RETIRED LIST
Two Bear Admirals Leave Active
Service on Expiration of Age
V ,/.. Limit.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— This is the last
day in active service of Rear Admiral
William T. Sampson and Bartlett Crom
well and to-morrow the names of both
will be placed on the retired list on ac
count of their having reached the age of
62 years.
Rear Admiral Sampson Is lying 111 at
his home in this city. Rear Admiral
Cromwell is commanding the European
station and his flagship Chicago is now
In the Mediterranean. Captain Joseph E.
Craig, commanding the Albany, the senior
officer on the station, will assume tem
porary command of the station upon Ad
miral Cromwell's retirement and will hold
this command until the arrival on the
scene early I ln April of Rear Admiral
Crowninshield and hi3 staff. Rear Ad
miral Taylor, who is to succeed Rear Ad
miral Crowninshield as Chief ot the Bu
reau of Navigation, has yet to be nom
inated to the Senate and confirmed before
he can take charge of the office.
To-day a special train conveyed the
higher officials of the railway to San
Quentin Point and a thorough Inspection
was made there. Those In the party wero
President Martin, General Manager Flll
more, Manager Fairchild, Chief Electri
cian Babcock and Superintendent Schoe
maker. • '
The present wharf, a ramshackle struc
ture, waa inspected and it was said after
ward that a new pier would b« construct
ed ln its place. The advisability of build
ing a ferry slip wharf at the point waa
looked Into and it is said that lt was de
cided by the officials to advise such con
struction at the next meeting pf the di
rectors. The party remained at the point
several hours and looked into every de
tail. ' -."*¦.';. .- - ' • - • ?
Coast Road "Will Build
Ferry Slip at Point
San Quentin.
v .'Qs. ¦'• *- ¦; '"Tia3
Soeclal Dissateh to TSe Call. ~ 1 \
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 8.— From present
Indications and from assertions made by
those who profesa to know, Ban RsuCael
ltes will soon havo much quicker trans
portation to and from San Francisco. On
good authority it was said to-day that
not only would the North Pacific Coast
Railroad Company materially Improve Its
train and ferry-boat service, but that tho
company would maintain ferry slips at
San Quentin as well as at Sausalito* By
the. Ban Quentin slip the time between
San Francisco and this city could be so
shortened that the trip would be made In
forty-five minutes.
SHORTER TIME
TO SAN RAFAEL
1 The Admiral was questioned concerning
the French lottery for the promotion of
Interest In the Panama canal, but he re
plied that he knew nothing about it ex
cept what he had heard in Paris. He had
understood there that such a lottery had
been authorized, but he knew nothing of
the limitations placed upon it or the
scope allowed it by the French law.
In reply to a question from. Senator
Morgan as to whether the Government of
the United States had instituted any ne
gotiations with the Government of Colom
bia relating to the transfer* of the prop
erty, Admiral Walker said that he would
have to -refer, the Senator to the State De
partment—that if he had such informa
tion he would not be at liberty to divulge
it. > He expressed the opinion, however,
that the Colombian ¦ Government would
be. bound by any obligation assumed by
the Panama Company; because that Gov
ernment,is a stockholder in the Panama
Company. •.¦*¦.•-;, 1
• He said he had had'no negotiations with
M. Lapre, secretary-general of the new
Panama Company, beyond receiving the
proposition for the'sale of that company
from him, as had'been published: -He
had, however, made many-inquiries of M.
Lapre concerning his company's title, and
had been assured by: that gentleman that
it was good. . • * '-" ..: . =
"We only recommend the Panama route
as practicable and feasible," he said, "by
which we mean that' we considered the
engineering proposition as practicable
and • the diplomatic negotiation as feasi
ble." ¦ . --. - •. • - »¦ •
Practicable and Feasible.
Senator Morgan questioned the witness
at length with reference to the commis
sion's Investigation of the power of the
new Panama Canal Company to transfer
the property and give clear title. In re
ply to all the questions on this line Ad
miral Walker said he had been satisfied
ln a- general way. that the new Panama
Canal Company would be capable of pass,
ing the property to the United States with
acceptable title, but thaf he was not a
lawyer, and that he felt satisfied In case
the recommendation of the commission to
accept the Panama route should be fa
vorably acted upon by Congress the Pres
ident would be assured by competent legal
advice of the genuineness of the title be
fore accepting the transfer. •
He stated, In reply to questions by other
Senators, that one of the curves in the
Panama. waterway would be quite sharp,
but he was of opinion that steam vessels
would be able to round it. He also said
that the harbor at Panama could be main
tained at a nominal cost.
The questions bringing out these points
were asked largely by Senator Hanna,
who also made inquiries concerning the
water supply for the Panama canal and
the difficulties ln the way of constructing
a dam at Bohlo. With reference to the
dam Admiral Walker said he had no
doubt that the engineering difficulties
could be overcome, and he also expressed
the opinion that the water supply would
be ample.
Hanna Shows Great Interest.
The examination to-day, was •with refer
ence to the reasons •why" the canal com
mission changed its' recommendations
from the Nicaragua to the Panama route.
The reasons given by the witness for this
change, summed up, are that the Panama
route Is much shorter and > has fe-wer
curves, and that those curves which do
exist are .not bo sharp as the curves in
the Nicaragua route. He also said he be
lieved that with proper quarantine regu
lations the health conditions of the region
along the Panama line could be much im
proved. He did not consider the present
condition from a health point of view as
bad. • .
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— Admiral Walk,
er concluded hia testimony . before the
Senate Committee on Interoceanlc Canals
to-day; and Colonel Haupt, another mem
ber of the Isthmian Canal Commission, Is
to he heard Monday next.
Commission Considers the Engineer
ing Proposition as Practicable
and the Diplomatic Nego- :'
tiations feasible.
Distance Is Shorter and Curves
Fewer Than Through
Nicaragua.
Walker Gives Reasons
for Favoring Panama
':' Plan.
TELLS WHY
CANAL ROUTE
WAS CHANGED
THH SAN- FRANCISCO' OALIi.Sr/NDAY, -FEBRUARY- -9, 1902.
Rows were frequent during tho after
noon session. When court ¦ finally ad
journed it was out of respect to the mem
ory of the sister., of- District Attorney
Bonner, "who passed away in' San Fran
cisco on Friday morning. i .
Nichols continued his testimony this
afternoon. It was generally a confirma
tion of that given by his wife, Mr. Crow
ley and Mrs. Rucker. Raker caused him
to review his movements on May 30 and
until he went to bed, about 1 o'clock in
the morning of May 31 after returning
from Myers' Hotel, where ha had been
guarding the prisoners. Nichols said he
was awakened by pistol shots. He was
asked why ha did not get up and Investi
gate the cause of the shooting. An ob
jection was made and the court sustained
it, remarking that Nichols probably was
afraid to get up. . .
Proceed with the witness. I will stay here
until eternity cracks. You are raking
with a fine comb and asking all the questions
on God's earth that your depleted brain sug
gests.
ALTURAS, Feb. 8.-Richard Nichols, a
witness for the defense, occupied the en
tire day in the trial of James W. Brown
for complicity in the lynching of Calvin
Hall, his two sons, Daniel Yantis and
Martin Wilson last May. Nichols' testi
mony was a complete denial of the evi
dence given by John Hutton and Claude
Morris and a refutation of their confes
sions. Raker, as usual, attempted to ask
"educating" questions. Time after time
he was cautioned and the court remarked
on one occasion: . .. ..,
One "Witness Occupies
Entire Day in Alturas
Trial.
NICHOLS DENIES
HUTTON'S STORY
20
a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two • minutest 1 No boiling ! no
baking !; add boiling .water "and set to
cooL' Flavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and ¦Strawberry." Get a package
it yotir grocers td-3'ay. • "jo cts.^ :T;
This ' "question ,; arises " in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
What Shall We
Haye for Dessert?
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists,
.ESSWf WILEY B. ALLEN BUILDING, 933 MARKET ST.,
(Third Floor.) SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. X'
Office Hours-Week !*„. 9 to 4 p. m. Evening,, a to 8. Sunday* 10 ». «. toll '2?
GoAstipated Old Age
Isn't it too bad that 10 many people, when they get old, get
crankyand rickety and mean, and don't feel right towards themselves
or anybody else; yet it need not be so.
. - "Cascarets maks me foel to UjrliVheartod and lljoly, thai
/+\^ ' though I hare seen three score and three. • few more,
JtSTf S/r~^ scores I ye» may see."— James S. Millar, Villa rart, C»l.
JKStWf^ar ' **Tor many years I have been troubled with con«t!pstloTi.
/5i>& 1 T/^^» \ I n»«d on«25o and twoMo box««i of Ca»ear^t», »od they h»T«
UjrSBff/'ijMy*,^. -r *tt- \' effected a pormaneat cure. Sinc« my dlscnarijs from th«
KlSSnjf/Mlk!f?Tr-~~*^ F Z~-. I armyln 186S. I havo never before found a lasting Mmjjr.'i
' R&fflnff/U fVll//sZf^tti' I ~°" J ' McGwern, SH3 Chaplina Street, Wheellnz. W. V».
iWl^MiMfy^Or- \ " l w »* troubled with somethinc that baflsd the skin of
Mis%;H 1 !$ffl -/!?*•> \ physicians for 25 years; I used rive boxes of Cascarets »ad
jr/^/jW/oidlflfih/ *f^FXvlr\. 1 «m ia bettor health than ever before."
fj/ W/dyg^J&&Jf**& V^Bf ' - c - c - Re dlci - Chaie City, V«.
i/lfilL'-A&fSSnt^. f •» \*\ "Six month's sco I took Caxearits for constipation eon .
fSk.SiW&^T HSU T^ / * \ JL tracted during Uio War of tho Rebellion. Th« re-snl* lt
XmS/A i *$&>/ A«?* A VL wonderful and I advise all old soldiers to try them."
W *T \ %^3^f/ S'wlJ « ' ¦-* » —Jas. Patman. lat« Cap*. 53rd in.. Hiney, WJi.
li"^Ji YMlttY/l~**2»''h* "I w « feelinc bad. loiin? flesh, hvl dull headache, « 0 '.d
fcjxZWtiiiihUi 5<^ if feet, and couldn't sleep well. I took CascareU, «ad la fo-.i»
1 «*v k -^* ff weeks eained 15 pounds. Am feeling flnenow.
A " if —A. B. Story, veteran Mexican and Civil Wars. Epirorth, la.
JjK^L t * "^ n»ve be«n usln™ Caieareta fOT um« time tnr
&?fK V*' 1 ?^ constipation, and their greatest benaflthaa been to
b^iA r^?»dc*!&cfe!{SSV enre mi of asthma. I am in my Mith ysar and hU
4m&VV&. raSra^Sg^ l>eeu suffering with asthma for years. 1 '
"Beln« now Inn, T5th year. I had sn-ered foi
i Tfc£?*j.li-*av M&3 G@JS^iJatf*W flva years from kidney trouble, disordered itomuh
inKiHA/K> ¦ indlEsatloa. no «pp«tlt». twtncaa of ihraiutlim!
*jT^ VWUhW Wi&ERr After flvo weeks taking Cascarets, all tho abov*
f v^T yB£CW' w^H^. bodily annojaaces wero drlTen from my syitea. I
, " »^Bk la t»J" BOW fsel able to dance a break-down." - ' -^
; ¦ . . ( ' «^ v> —Frank O. Mahono j. West Sld», Haaaibal, SI*, f
All old people's muscles get weak and flabby, and it's, the same
with. the muscular walls of their intestines as with the muscles of their
arms. When the 'bowels grow weak, the old folks get constipated,
bilious, sick, helpless, irritable, and that's the chief cause of their
death. . Old folks should take Cascarets Candy Cathartic bowel tonic,
keep their liver lively, their bowels regular and strong and live to be
a hundred.
/?n,ia^nA4n. Bert for the BowtJto. AH druggists, xoc, 35c, 50c. Newer told La bnllu
¦ fALyCXaJLGAlaJ The genuine tablet sMmpid C C C. Guaranteed to eur« or your m«a«y
%t ww«y w *r wtg back. Sample and booklet free. Address
tfrniaM ' '• "^^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. bb
amnrmwiifi!Fwmimirffiiriifmwwiiri!fw^
I EXTRAORDINARY EMBROiDERY SALE 1
g BEGINS HERE TO-MORROW. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. |
B Over 50,000 Yards Just Arrived Direct^ from St. Gall, Switzerland. : ;!||
St- L Tre lna.Tirura.te to-morrow the GREAT BALE that Is looked forward to, watched and waited for by thousands of •hrewdMt buyers— by all who admire pretty and • dainty EM- =5 I
BROIDERIES. Having planned' months ago with the leading manufacturers of Be. Gall. Switzerland, we are now prepared to preaent the MOST REMARICABLE ASSORTMENT of fin* -* ¦
g^ Embroideries ever offered for distribution ln a elnfle Bale. The quantity and variety are immense. Only the finest of Nainsook, Cambric and Swisses and the moat skliUui :
eth. embnndezintr enter Into the making of theM goods. Every pattern is choice and worthy, and lnolude the handsomest effects la Galloong, Edg:«s, Insertlone, Beadlngs, Allovera m^ m
g*" and Flounces ln the most exquisite scroll, star, crescent, flower and medallion designs. This tremendous purchase goes on sale, commencing to-morrow — which no one should miss, -¦-»
r- - for the assortment Is MORE COMPREHENSIVE, more CAPTIVATING and far greater in variety than we have ever been able to Offer, Her* are some of the details: • _^J»
«fc— YAHD —^ 20O ° T^rAm Cunbrlc Edg- I Of YAR15 — 2500 yarda 6-lnah Em- I f Cfc>» YARD— 1600 yards Embroidery. |A/> TAR1V-1200 yards QallooUB,' ln 23
g~ Ow ing, 1 to 2 Inches wide, ln pretty luv broidery on strong and durable luv 7 inches wide, 'In beautiful de- ««^ pretty -, patterns and on strong — «»
5H»»- patteros. :v ¦: '¦ ¦.. -.•• material; grand value. signs; «xtr» ralu*. / cambric. : .:.: ,. \ ,~2
2Z Rr TAKT>— 8000 T^rd* Embroidery IQI/> TARD— SOOO Yard* choioe Em- ()(;>, YAIU>-5500 yards Bmbroiaerr. C}f\ n YASJ>— 800 yards choice Linen *^
•— Wv Edging ln neat designs, 2 to **2v broidery in the latest designs. 6 ZuL 9 inches wide, the greatest of «vv Batiste Embroidery; the grand-
•**" 8 Inches wide. Inches wide. bargains. ¦ . ' •ot value. -^
«¦»- fi'r* TAR D — S500 yards Cambric Edg- |f?r» YARD — 2000 yards fine Embrold- QET/-. YARD — 3000 yards 10-lnch Em- 7*^ r> yard — 600 yards Exquisite au- i^g
j^- O3^ Ing and Insertion. 3 Inches wide, lot er y, exquisite designs; 6 to 7 Out broidery for Petticoats; the big- * Wv over . Embroidery,- in dainty /-^
«»- many patterns to select from. Inches wide; grand value.' . gest of values. ' . -. open-work designs. • - - ' : ' '. -
»- MATCHED SETS OF EMRROinPRY Wlth the above we also offer a great line" of Cambrio and i Nainsook Edgings and Insertions In sets,
fc= ¦»¦*-• ¦ iBaaii^ vk ¦ w blTIBIWIiybn I suitable for baby clothes and women's underwear, also a charming variety of White and Linen Batiste _*•
e^- . Allover, eo much ln demand for Waist*, etc., on exhibit. They are wor-qi while seeing. ._ *— g
| immense Showing and Sale of All-Silk Grenadine and Black Taffeta. 3
% New 1902 Black Siik Grenadines. Great Offering in Guaranteed Black Taffeta. 3
The most attractive Katherinjr on display to-morrow. Silk Grenadines . A grand purchase of finest quality guaranteed Taffeta enables us to make this spe-i2
1^" 1 " 11011 ' 1 than A- - yC " P T
•— viooa. Foreseeing this, otir buyer* exercised the utmost discrimination in woven in th« niv^e of every yard. , y ' K <-^
J^: the wlectioa of styles and designs, which we believe are uncqualed. They 77= — 77^ — 1200 ranis »2i inch I TTK — VAPT . , ann — . . ', -~~
I The New Spring Wool Fabrics Are Ready. .J* ®m sji^of ladies- silk |
fc Newness is nowhere more apparent than in the Dress Goods Depart- UKtuu uKIKTui • srti^/ > \ Afi -*g
s>- H. cn t. The fabrics that will lead the coming season's fashions have arrived. >r<K?C ' t>,.. «~ tn. «^^..» -, . Jl B«L/vi *"^
The particular showing to-morrow will be the lightweight and soft materials. >C^ Jh Ja™"" that w7V^ur P ed n fiom m t P h2 dOZjUF Vo«T =S
£= suitable for street and evening dresses, such as ETAMINES. CREPE DE < jfrsMil&STk leading skirt manufacturer ot New *^ taca -^
ri PARIS, LANDSDOWNE and SILK and WOOL CREPE DE CHINE, &XMM * 5eUe«tTSSdS? garSsThaf % G.od Va'ue at =S
S^ in all the fashionable colorings. «!»§kj I ' have been abl ° ; t0 off er you f or a $27.59 and $30.00 -jj
fc 50c YARD-All wool Etamines. 36 inches wide, in shades ' of -Biscuit. lll^> " feta m shk T nS.hed inthe iites h t%ucked top^tyfe with »S5 3
©Qo w Castor, Reseda, Navy, Cadet, Brown,. New Blue and Gray. Grand ffl fflH* " - 5t7r^ 1 li#tSi? U woufd 01 SSt-v r , lc^ »J? d v ' r X effective perfect in
•*- m 1 fl . .«. ka. . tMWivX ¦ ever y detail, would oost you In the regular way at least $27.50. j^va
•»_ Value at DOC yard MS'iU 4 On Bale Monday at ....^iSO.OO each jS
S= " 5?il 00 YARD — Crepe de Paris, a soft and pretty all wool material, in cMMmBttfa r^-f.-i. d«j..^** : ~" n t \\i • '*'
~Z i5l.UU shades Q{ Old Rose> Resedai Cadet, TRed, New Blue. Gray and jMW^^> Greatest RedUCtiGflS in Hdlinsl WaiStS.
fc Cream. Special at ..?1.OO yard e^SS^/JS-CrVf^ Because we need the room for our -^. *, s\ 12
£ SI 50 YARD— Silk and Wool Crepe de Chine, 44 inches wide; an ex- Suf^ery^wiirt # B^i^«^^rh. e bS" CPO 50
quisite soft fabric> in shadcs o{ Pcarl G Bro Resedai Blu SLlsJ^StfShat SSS^wi*^ mm €u/j VI Y 3
fc Cadet, Castor and Tan. , Great value at §1.50 yard ****-' m ate rtals. «»».». tmi Eaeh g
I! BEAUTIFUL SALE OF BLACK ALPACA. SHEETS AND =«
| NEW WASH GOODS. TOT T «^ o - r PILLOW CA&PS
Every one Is commenting upon our grand showing bargain, and when this lot Is gone you'll \_B M^r I , ¦ liwL^V/ T T Vrl4^L<«k/
of TVajsh Goods. Its aristocratic beauty. Its exclusive styles have to pay 60c for the same quality. \fSkH r m^' *\*3 cncpi.t *- . . -. „,-» -»-^ r , l -.^»»r , — «
and by far the greatest variety of such popular fabrics This price Is possible because we closed f 11 Jv^ UI^ OK1JW1AU OALb TO-X»ltlKKUW» , —•
«*~ as these: Bilk Batiste. Lace Striped Linens, Oxford Chev- out all an Importer had on hand. A splen- * Q we shall nut forth .v»r» effort to ttibIcb to mnrmWn =^ >
~Z lots. Scotch Madras Ginghams and Embroidered Swisses did grade Iron-frame English Alpaca, of offering very attractive to eTonomlcal buyers The" SheTtI =^
ZZ and Irish Dlmltiea. etc.; on eale beginning to-morrow. a silky finish and fast black dye-a B uperb quality, that 1^ MUow CaVeYon «le^^™ra fronTSSSn of superio?
S= cannot be duplicated under 60c; to-morrow at.... 30c yard quality— to bo sold for less than the sheeting by the yard,
-= FOR MONDAY !S > c^S&S^5S.ft!- d : 6Ac Yd. 68 .| n ch WhitTo^ndie Monday j X SSSSS i^^SSSr&Wt^ SS- 3
?^- An unequaled offer of the choicest and high grade "* , _-~y-L--: 40 dozen Sheets, 81x90, special at 59c each —»
S= Madras Gingham, ln all the scarce colorings, ln stripes , ? or an introductory offer we place on {**. a^ g*% . z= m
fc- and checkMn blue, pink, green, red and black and 0 *. O our^ l« n ti 8 A P ? e «,, o ( i 3 V B L/ PHRI KH I flNR PI flTH 100 pieces fine qual- -». - «.
fc: white, warranted fast colors: never sell under 10c a yard: White Organdies, 68inches wide, a qual- S-\jR*J CRl'LlOn LUNU ULUlHi \^Z . Vo varrt* to the 0 i A C T^
tor Monday special at 6 l-4c a yard g JZ^^*£Sh£ZKS^ *-kZJ XI gKw Wl " ValUe •?&« -iS^JS tt \ ,45 3
I iniCC CA DtTTirniTC morrow Apiece VIITU-^
g LADIES $^.50 PETTICOATS $1.95 FOR $2.50 COMFORTERS thd~qcct 3
&Z M ON DAY These Just arrived— were delayed in transit and were I Tl JLi t> Ct*J I -•
E B €%STSSs3£^i.85 $1.00 KID GLOVES 3
S= nent bo popular; 200 Ladies' PetUcoats QJ ¦ _ « " ? eacn We place on sale, beginning to-morrow, the beat $1 =3
g- go on sale— they are made of a fine r-aCH Minoril I ro nilll TO 15 d OT en good quality extra Glove sold in tht» city. Everypair will be fitted if de- ~2
S aes on fl s^o^^ u^^f:^^..^.^v^ w e^ SI.50 Each, va^** S2&£j£ l 5..&X?Z£
~Z : COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION — • '
¦¦saw * .^^S^^^^^^^^^^Sr^^. • Ayr**^^^**^ r^K ML #•! T I IB »L- I % m m | M t , \ V^*» L_ r t 9
COTTON SKIRT WAISTS. jff ' M^^T^^^L velvet and tucked sat/v
gT" Sdent that a superior showing cannot be found ?? (YrrTniT ffl'lffiftrWr *&Mr \&rq& I 5C/C .FflCh
2!Z finest materials, such as Grass Linen, Madras r—^^^^t5JT__ -^ T^ e J at *, 8t / ad , al i. d a11 the raee ln New
*¦- n!nr-b«m ninmbriT H«*lirtA »nrt -Whit* I^wn Hi |> *j I I in i ¦ York; hundreds of the prettiest-looking Belts, _*+
-B _ Gingham Chambray.BetlBte and \\hite Lawn SLtf.' X V_TLl.<l'iJ«Jii ~-~**r T" '3 ! Wr Just ln from the makers, made of the finest =35-
sj-. in exquisite embroidered and lace-trimmed fZAg^Slt W« M^Hj^tf^iT^. V^ bIack velvet and tucked satin, with beautiful ~3
•¦— effects 1* now ready; ask to eee them. i£g % 2J*&-r^}& 1^ '" P" 1 . oxidized and black dip buckles; great
$3.0p--A M0NTH--$3.00
ALL MEDICINES FREE!
EVERT PATIENT BEGINNING TREATMENT WITH DRS. SHORES * SHORES.
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS. THIS WEEK, with catarth. or any com-
plicated catarrhal chronic disease, will be TREATED UNTIL. CURED for the on* low t««
of S3 PEE- MONTH- NO OTHER charge or expenie in any case. *ntr«atmjat and
medlcinfs furnished ABSOLUTELY FREE. This Bpecial low rate of S3 PER MONTH
Is given by Drs: Shores to PROVE to th« public that their modern American lyitem of treat-
ment for all catarrhal chronic diseases la SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHERS. It Is given by Drs.
Shores to PROTECT the sick and suffering from "INCOMPETENT" DOCTORS and "FAKE
SPECIALISTS." It will also deal a death blow to th» "QUACK PATENT MEDICINE
VENDER," because lt brings the services of tho experienced physician w i^HTff THE
RE n^al ? l Ai yo L u 0 have E to E do^n' > ' order to take advantaob or this
GENEROUS OFFER is to apply at Drs. Shores & Shores' new offices la th« Wiley B.
Allen building:. 9.13 Market St., BEFORE FEBRUARY 16. and you will b« traated UNTIL.
CURED FOR THE LOW FEE OF S3 PER MONTH. ALL MEDICINES FREE.
YOU GET DRS. SHORES' REGULAR $5.00 A MONTH
TREATMENT FOR $3.00.
UNDER THIS SPECIAL OFFER. * IF YOU APPLY THIS WEEK. YOU GET DRS.
SHORES' REGULAR >5 A MONTH TREATMENT FOR $3. This low rate applies to ALL
CATARKHA.L CHRONIC DISEASES, such as deafness, asthma, bronchial and lung
trouble catarrh of the head and throat, catarrh of the stomach, liver and kidneys and all dis-
eases canned from catarrh. If you have A DOZEN AILMENTS, the results of ¦ catarrh, $3
PAYS THE BILL FOR ONE WHOLE MONTH, all medicines free.
If you start in at this low rate lt will apply to you UNTIL YOU ARE CURED. •
This grand special offer goes into effect AT ONCE- and holds good ALL THIS v
WEEK UP to Saturday night at 8 o'clock, February 15, TO ALL WHO APPLY, at which 1
time this special offer will be withdrawn. ¦ -:¦••». - <:» ,. \i A
COME TO-DAY. COME MONDAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK If you want to.^
be cured for the low fee of $3 >"EK. MONTH. ALL MEDICINE3 FREE.
C ° NSTOTJ^SL T ° ASTHMA 2O YEARS.
jg||sVwl*«8^ v Read the testimony of Mr. I. V. Weaver, th»
M> vfBP ***'^3m \ well-known ship carpenter, who has been *
ft ¦ .^Hiv^ great sufferer from asthma and catarrh for
Kg \ A \ over twenty years. —
M VjSS Mr. Weaver says: V- *¦.¦
pi y$* I am a ship carpenter by occupation and live-
If] jfij at the corner of Third and Broadway, Oakland.
Ka 'KM I have been a great sufferer from asthma and
(Is .^K^jfc, ¦. xj chronic catarrh for over twenty years. I waa
GfflQ®&£%Z&.i' '«^Ss? K\ choked up a great deal, especially when I would
vki ww hi t«*e a cold; then iny asthma would get so bad
\|| $& "^ #/ at n| snt I would sometimes have to sit up in
' IVfl' & W t>e *' to breathe. I '¦ have tried . a great many
Vjilll jtXi\ n treatments and medicines "for my asthma, but
I. .^MMk <f This waa m y condtion when I began Drs.
Ik MWjk A \ . Shcrea & 8hores' treatment Just one month ajro.
YiLPIp^-W .10 . I can say -Drs. Shores* .treatment acted llko
i&i^fe" ' VV^&^V magic in my case. It helped me from the first
/S^K^iit V >V^\X. y> and x h*^ grown better -ever -since, unUl
:r * ' '.rf^LA^^iLii^r' / »\VW> now my Mthm * does not bother me. No mor»
ffl!^W>V / \a\\Y> shortness of breath; I sleep fine now, and feel
f#Mff$k\^»& 7 l\\v better and stronger in every w«y.
"nTP^mS. K}\ cJ* Klvea me Pleasure to recommend Dra.
M«S®NSsc^a^Ji ! Shores' treatment to all sufferers from asthm*
•^^'n^^S^I ml catarrh - for thc y have don * wonders for
' * >A ,, v Any one d0UDtra e tnla testimony is at perfect
liberty to call on me, and I will gladly verify
' t v tcpivfh *" e truthfulness of the same.
I. V. WEAVfcK, (Signed) ; I. V. WEAVER.
Corner Third and Broadway. O&kland. Cal. Cor. Third and Broadway, Oakland, CaL
SPECIALTIES. »
p * "" \P-TIH- Deafness. Nose and Throat
Trouhte?, Eye and Ear Diseases. Bronchial §£f&r W i
and Lung Troubles. Asthma. Stomach. Liver " n t
Sanrl Kidney Diseases, Bladder Tn.ublea, Fe- »S &&&{
male Complaints, Diseases of Women and . ID , >J^._,|
Children, Heart Disease, Nervous Diseases."' <9E?r
Chorea (or 8t. Vitus' Dance), Rickets, Spinal JkntMl^f
Trouble, Ovarian Disease*. Sciatica and Rheu-
. matli-m. Diseases of the Bowels. Piles, Fistula ££oVSL«'&7f©SW
and Rectal Troubles. Lost Manhood. Private wS^m \JSkBL,
Diseases. Goiter .(or Big Neck). Blood Dls-' »WBBBS SL LXJ \W
ea«es. all Diseases -of the Prostate Gland. ASwBS&^O
Tapeworm, Hay Fever. Hysteria, Epilepsy, In- t
Home Treatment Cures. Write ¦
Sop Symptom List. Consultation **UY '
WEAK M EN. Pay When Cured.
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses or We ctlre yoa flret and then ask a REASON-
diseases caused ' by 'Ignorance -or dissipation ABLE FEE when you are cured. NOW. WE
U T AR 5 V?{ E VERY PERSON WE WANT WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct un-
T We have proven our skill in curing CHROVIC ; e " tand!nff that we wtl^ not <•»«« * FEB
diseases by publishing -the many voluntary^ nU1 We rare you '
testimonials from home people, giving names ALXi PRIVATE DISEASES are included in
pictures and addresses. * this special offer, such . as LOST MANHOOD.
WB CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURBS " emlnal weakness, spermatorrhoea, varicocele.
IN PRIVATE DISEASES %^A$F%Sb&2^^ "**
IB another .«,. TW, ff £r" P {an": ° f 11 cS?l o^^tV. 100 *"
Catarrh Cured at Hom0
'amWjyjygBa^^^ Dr - Blosser, who has devoted twenty-eight yeara to the -treatment of catarrhal dis-
hHE^^SSj^^tS^^ eases, has perfected the only satisfactory treatment ever discovered for the absolute'
t^h^&i^^^S^^S. CUre ot catarrh - catarrhal deafness, bronchitis, asthma and kindred diseases, lie has
. WMMg%Mf&Zg£®&£^ unparalleled success, having cured cases of 15, 20 and 25 'y ears 1 standing, in which all
W^^^^^^^^^% \ other treatment had failed.
WM^^^^^^^^ \ HiS favorit e remedy Is now prepared for self-treatment, and is sent by mall direct
Wlftfirfj^iZ^vur \ t0 Patient. It can be used in your home, office or about your daily work. It consists
VP&E-S^S&^Bsf \ 5 comblnatlon of medicinal herbs, flowers, seeds and extracts. It is a perfect antl-
[wlili^Sp^ \ * thC catarrhal P° lson or Berm, and is perfectly harmless and pleasant in its effects.
\ Contains No Tobacco,
Wwz% jfy\ a Dr * T Blosser ' 8 Catarrh Cure contains no opium, cocaine, tobacco or any injurious
W&l/% /CTJ u^w « 1 1 smoked in a pipe, and is thus converted into a dense medicated smoke
l$&my 1 which is inhaled into the. mouth, throat and lungs and exhaled through tile nasal pas-
tt%M _ F ¦ f ages " Potent and penetrating- extract of the remedy Is thus applied directly and
f :3%f -<^*^'™!!S^5§*s) ( thro t d 1° affected Parts ln every cavity, cell and air passage ln the nose, head,
W^^/^S^ii^^^^^K N ° ° th6r met^ 0d or remedy can reach and cure catarrh in all parts of the air passages.
#* <M Sam P!es Mailed Free.
KSi* €&<J?n Vv» 4 s^fiX Send us your address and we will send you by mail, absolute-
/3R^:i'^'ww^4^ST^>Tft?-g? ' »Vv* V»f» It 'Y tree > a trlal Package of Dr. Blosser's Catarrh Cure and a
I^^M^tSSS^iJ A/^ -^rv/ f-sE&K: neat little pipe in whfehto smoke the remedy. ' ' •
l£l-#/jrs' -^2£'? V2fc/'w?3 r *''* & feSSSSEi GIve our free sample a trial. It will cost you nothing, and
ffetr/ V- ¦ •-**¦«• %? iK/"Crr«£2 • we w111 be Pi eased to havo the opportunity to demonstrate to
l£-'^\ \00fmm ~J& Cn T •*-**? you the effectiveness of our remedy. You will flnd lt just as we
KK "t^Sk *"• "*f represent It. Those who try the sample ' generally give ua an
iHvC; < Jr 'biitaS&i^ tfe-ZZSl We have "ceived thousand! of unsolicited testimonials. It
llASV \ -~ ¦ " !?••- jff cures 95 out of every 100 'cases.' Write us for a consultation
|fe5t*\ Ja . i *- blank, we make no charge for advice. < ¦ .•"?<.¦
rai ?^a^ 4 The Medicated I Not for Sale by brugglsts.
I Ti!?*tfl §3 8 Smokn RflflohnQ If you need a remedy immediately and wish to rive ours a
I Pm\ i 11 eood, fair trial, send us at once J1.00 for our regular box, which
I rCJ-J •'•« 3 all tp© Alt contains one month's treatment. -¦¦<¦¦/ <
/ fffjrf I >Nl a 'Pfl88ag©8« |>|. I 1A# DlneeAy JBr Gam
'¦^^^^^^^^¦¦¦ : ;':342 Walton Street," Atlanta; Cai
AP'VJSitfrTH.H>M K.NTB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.says he found his Majesty thoroughly in
formed about the matter. , The Emperor
expressed strong disapprobation of prayer
healing, but agreed that Herr von Wind
helm must make no martyrs. -
The North German Gazette says Em-
peror William gave it to be plainly under
stood that he believes Christian Science
and the like should be rigidly excluded
from the court. The Gemi?-" 1 . followers of
tin American Christian, -'"'••"•nee commu
nity in Berlin numbers about 200 persons.
BERLIN, Feb. 8.— The Lokal Anzeiger
says the Cramps of Philadelphia project
building a shipyard in Germany, with the
Cramps to locate in Germany.
co-operation of Sir Edward Reed, the
fcrmer ex-chlef of construction of the
British navy. The paper asserts that the
Cramps have secured, through a large
Berlin bank, an option on land at Stettin
and Kiel, and that they Intend to bid for
the construction of German war vessels,
merchantmen and yachts upon American
models.
holding out a green palm branch. An
open-air ball and concert will conclude the
festival. . . .%>v
BERLIN, Feb. 8.-"Eddylsm," as Chris
tian Science is called here, is the sensa
tion of the moment. The comic papers
caricature It. the semi-religious papers
marshal polemics against it, and the daily
papers print much descriptive matter
about what is called the "latest American
Importation," sayingf it was only brought
fcere after it had been -'worn out in the
United States." ".^ ¦
Emperor William's conference w.'th Dr.
Fabre. superintendent of the churches in
the Berlin Jurisdiction, and • Herr von
Windheim, the police president, as to
¦what steps shall be taken, has alarmed
the Christian Scientists, but nothing has
yet been done against them, exceDt tin
vMhdrawai from certain halls of the nec
e&sary permission to open for meetings.
On Friday evening a meeting was pre
vented through a police notice posted on
the door. The managers of the Christian
Science campaign are trying to secure t*t?
building: owned by . Americans, , thinking
that in this case the police are less likely
to Interfere. The enthusiasts welcome tiie
public excitement, averring that it gives
Christian Science an impetul.
The newspapers say Emperor William
Intends to take energetic measures against
all forms ¦ of obscurantism . practiced for
rnocey and insist that the heavy fees
charged for healing amount to swindling.
The leaders of the Christian Science cru
sade are selling Mrs. Eddy's book for
twenty marks.
The evening papers to-day print further
details regarding Emperor William's talK
about "Eddyism." Herr %on Windheim
GERMANS WAR
UPON "EDDYISM"
PORTI^AXD. Or.. Feb. 8. — The Republican
State Committee to-<5ay decided to bold the
State convention on April 2.
Gang cf Desperadoes Make Away
With Money After Committing
a Murder.
DENVER, Feb. 8.— A special to the
JCews from Alamogordo, JC. M., says the
news has Just reached there of a raid on
the store of the Pew Mercantile Com
pany at Fort Sumner Wednesday night
by a gang of outlaws, supposed to be the
same that recently robbed a bank and a
pay car at Santa Rosa.
One of the employes of the store was
killed and $400 in cash was taken. The
gang is headed for the Capitan Mountains
and is being pursued by a Sheriff's posse.
OUTLAWS BAID STORE
AND KILL AN EMPLOYE
OTTAWA, Ont-. Feb. 8.— The Yukon Pa
cific Railway will apply at the next ses
sion of the Dominion Parliament for a
charter to build a road from a point near
the Chilkat River, on the International
boundary line between British Columbia
and Alaska, to a point near Rainy Hol
low, B. C thence to Coal Lake and
White Horse.
Notice has been given of an application
lor a charter to build a railroad from
Kltrinald Inlet, on the Pacific coast, to
Hazelton, on the Skeena River, In the
Casslar district, thence to a point on the
boundary near Teslln or Atlin Lake, and
also from Hazelton. by the Skeena, Ra
blne. Driftwood, Ommeca and Flnlay riv
ers to Peace River Pass, thence easterly
to the eastern boundary. .-.*;•
to Grant Charters for Exten
sive Improvements.
Dominion Parliament Will Be Asked
YUKON" RAILWAY MEN
TO BUILD NEW LINES
"With our extended coast line on the
west we should be weasy to attack. An
enemy might hold the Rockies and keep
the country west of them cut off from
aid. What we need is more naval sta
tions, more ships, eo that our cruisers
will be at home In all waters. Just now
the Pacific Coast needs the most atten
tion. The Atlantic is not In half the
danger that the West coast is. The
danger Is coming: from the West. The
West must be made ready to meet the
danger."
"Russia has been friendly to us because
tee are not friendly to Great Britain. In
case of war between the United States
and England, Russia would step In as
our good friend and help itself. A little
occurence might set them against us.
Russia wants to Interfere in China, now
the political storm center, unless this
country, by its Influence merely, not by
arms, should give every one to under
stand that no one should be allowed to
interfere and that China should be al
lowed to develop Itself.
Pacific Coast Needs Defense.
Russia Would Step In.
"The war duod that I see," said Dr.
Andrews,. "Is coming from the West, ap
proaching the Pacific Coast line, of
which, by the way, Uncle Sam has more
miles than all the European countries
combined. The nation In the cloud is
Russia, which has built a trans-Siberian
railway 6500 miles long. It is the country
¦which has two of the best harbors on the
Pacific— Vladivostok and Port Arthur,
both open and free from Ice the year
round- In them the Muscovite is build
ing ships with a haste which speaks of
the deEir* for conquest. San Francisco
Is fifteen days' distant, as cruisers go.
Perhaps the time may be ten or twelve
days when faster ships are built. Back
of these ships there is a ceuntry with
teeming population, full of seventeenth
century enthusiasm and religious zeal.
KAXSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 8.— Dr E.
Benjamin Andrews, formerly president of
Brown University and now chancellor
of the Nebraska State University, lec
tured to-day before the teachers of Kan
sas City on "The Vital Problems of
America." In the course of his lecture,
he declared that although he was no
alarmist, he saw In the distance the prob
ability of a war between Russia and the
United States. ** ,
Special Diisatch to The Call.
ship of the Czar Is Not
Sincere.
Lancellor of the Nebraska State
University Believes the Friend-
Declares the Defenses of the
Pacific Coast Should Be
Strengthened.
"War Clouds Are Seen by
Andrews on West
ern Horizon.
SAYS RUSSIA
AND AMERICA
WILL BATTLE
The most imposing ceremony, organized
by the Government, at ¦ which : President
Loubet, the Ministers % and ' all leading
Frenchmen will "attend, will be held In
the Pantheon February, 26, which will be
the chief day of the fetes. A monument
to Victor Hugo will be unveiled in. the
Square des Voges in the afternoon.
'This promises to be a splendid function.
President .Loubet, the members - of the
Cabinet and the municipal officials will
take their places upon a platform, facing
No. 5, Hugo's house, a choir will render
musical selections based on Hugo's works?
and eulogistic orations on the writer will
be pronounced. ¦ A great popular fete will
be held' In the evening in the Square, des
Voges, .which .will be brilliantly illuminat
ed. ... - ¦.'¦.¦ *¦ --". ... ." .'.¦-
The following : days will be devoted to
balls and" concerts in the; Hotel de.Ville,
the festivities culminating "Sunday, when
another celebration , will be held. In ¦ the
afternoon In the Square des Voges under
the auspices of the municipality. Hugo's
house will be taken over officially "for a
museum; there will be, music," choir selec
tions will be rendered and a procession of
school children carrying palms and flow
ers will march - before a. bust '.of Hugo
erected upon a pedestal In . front of , his
house.' . • ...',.
The square will again be illuminated at
dusk, the house itself being bathed in a
golden light; on which will be thrown an
image' of the poetic muse In mauve color,
PARIS, Feb.- 8.— The centenary of the
birth of Victor Hugo will be celebrated in
Paris with great brilliancy. The Munici
pal Council to-day drew up a programme
of festivals to last six days— from Febru
ary 25 to March- 2 Inclusive. , ... . rf •¦*£?'¦'¦
HUGO'S MEMORY
TO BE HONORED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1 1902.
21
Trial Treatment Free.
Dr. Halpruner spends from 1 to 4 every
afternoon, except Saturdays and Sundays,
at his office, 28 California street, giving
trial treatments to sufferers and persons
Interested In Halpruner's wonderful medi-
cine, t
A largre bottle sent by prepaid express-
a&s to any part of th« United States upon
the receipt of H. ,
Halpruner Medical Manufacturing
Co., 28 California St.. S. F.. Cal.
ifalpruner's
The v.ay to use it is to rub Halpru-
ner's in from the outside and then take
from y 2 to 1 teaspoonful in a wine glass
of water internally. This starts up a
vigorous circulation of the blood, which
puts the inflammation out like water
puts out fire. It is a wonderful medicine;
it softens, loosens, heals, allays and re-
moves inflammation and brines quick
relief when others fail. You ought to
have a bottle of this wonderful medi-
cine in the house: there is no telling
how quickly you will need it during this
changeable weather. All druejrists. 50c
and $1 — but demand the genuine
Bronchitis, pleurisy, asthma, trachitis
are all represented by pains in the
throat and chest,' and what is good for
one is good for the others, and Halpru-
ner's is the right medicine to srive you
the relief and cure you ou^ht to have.
Pains in the throat and chest are
liable to be serious pains. When inflam-
mation gets into the throat or chest you
want to get it out as quickly as you can,
for they are the tender organs of the
body and it does not take disease long
to get a foothold that will cause you
endless misery and perhaps death.
Sore Throat
and Lungs,
Chest Pains
V " - • • -. ¦-• ¦• ¦ .. ¦' .. ;¦ .' ¦ ,\ '¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' '¦ . ': . ¦¦¦ ..•-¦¦.¦¦,..'. ¦.¦¦-..¦...- ' . . ¦ . Jg
K Silk S&BQa William Keith' s Great Painting, "The, Headwaters of the Merced," now on Free Exhibition in our Art Gallery. Dress Goods, £
I s '£Z£, s d° 0 Z aa JL%^ Vaientines. '**?'/!*': SX 0 ' \ " . Stationery: \ .tTS %J*££ |
X this season*, loom ends of . novelty silk, new Make your own selections here from more f / A special for Monday— Whiting'i Wedding c " J°J »Uowing new weaves Ot g
J weaves; trtutic designs tnd stylish colorings. 8tyIe , j ; n prlce from Q fWyf S> JTA\sB S&^ f^fosT' B B K &&T Cream Stock Writing Pap:r and Envelopes, Wa( * »««» will be very much in de-
$ The lengths ma from 4 to 20 yardj and consist . J . ; \ ¦, \-^t jf M/f %*» &/ £ -f*^/ -/^W lJ M M M MST4 i'i « \ t v •«.*. r f mand and arc excellent vaucs: "J
?» c j • 7 , v ,m T a ff,t a « s.rr\ n a or 5c to $4.00 each. Largest stock in dSL iBr S JF* W[ W 7 gf la M Jf / A J M ASsimABsW B H regularly $1.00 per box of 125 sheets « «^
% cf 1 50 designs in print wirp Taffetas, Striped 5 ¦?+ 6 Hbsy £f £ /fiL^QL. B J 9^ / & / & / frM M VL — ' ,* • 1 c 1 46-inch Canvas and Panama Suitings— Per- .?
•f Louisinejacqnard and Satin Stnpc TaiFeta, Mo-re, \ town. Second floor, front. See the MB -M *mm *^- " -MS M *^ ¦ r - m Til 1^ paper and $1.00 per box of I Z$ envelopes; fecf dye and finahj Tery f^ ttrect
Louisine and a few brocade effects. The co!or- charming Valentine , window display, per- q « ¦ 1 pQRNIA'S LARGEST- ' 0 ~^L**i^m^^^^^^^^^^^^ to-morrow only: 4 . \" . suits, yard 75o 5
$ ings arc principally Reseda, White, Lavender, haps it will help you in making your. * lt im\\n\}\hiilfin^WS^ immK^'^^ • 125 Sheets Whiting Paper 58 C 44""Ch Paradyn— A new make of English j«
V ?J 1Ro «' Gobelin 'PJ 1^ a ;j^- 00 « Iac choice. -«a|^^^S8» aSW ft MER |CA 1 S GRANDEST STORE. I25 WhUins-s Envelopes 58C m^air, soft and pliable, very bright silk fin- *
». These silks are good value at £i.oe>, $1.25, _j^wm* j o r suitable for tucked wauts and costumes, jS
5 $^l Xm &t^^S%J^' -To-day's announcement should crowd the store on Monday. Extra *
If special sale Monday only, at . M% 1 "-V- 1 1 'a ¦'* J J ,":'/• -'V; . . ., ¦/ 48-inch AU-wool Batiste— Yard. . .$1,00 5
£ /oc help has been provided.- Uh^sstk^AwcAB^^-Y^h^s $
»* : — :: — ; r r ; ¦ ':','. 1-,-: - ' . v A 44-bch Silk and Wool Batiste — Priestley's Jt
*» Sf/frS 85C nSflOOm ' ~~ " ~ ' ~~" make, yard *>1.5O -!J
% wiin«> r ?* . ' .^ p . 11 j^ jm. jm. ttwr A J% v*.- , ' : J± ¦ 41 A BOB- >^. y^ >**, 44-inch Crepe de Paris— Silk tnd wool, Priest- «
JC - Exceptional values in new Spring A /> /\ l\£%kj\ II / j(| f C > 1 C A >i | AAA ley's make, soft, silky and durable, yard .. ?
1 Silks at popular prices. /klUil II II II I l/l//^t^ t lH /XT B i 1 Prt 4 I 4 i tfV* IV^O 3h/l l~* I II II 1 S2.OO 5r
*! 23-lnch Mated Liberty Fout.rdi-8 different UlJI KB f | fg gl f Wffl B| ill ill I IIB 6 I fl I III V I ft 11 1 ft B%. S 'I
t designs and a full assortment of the new col- W» W V f I VI M I". I Ul I I lvtll V I VI / II V Prtttfeti F/SH/JS/S S
Jf orings, yard ............ -85c ' ' ' ''.'.' m C-»//» *
g . 20^nch Peau^de SojJ-E^quaUty^rich fin- J^ n Extraordinary Sal& far February., g 5 pieces of choicVScrge £LdM, aa unmually 5
$ \'. l °.°. . ? m °! t . P °! > " . co . ormss 8 y 5o ¦ Hundreds o! pieces at a fourth off— other hundreds at a fifth oi?-^Lines that are to be discontinued; lines of ¦ p^^IT^^^^^S'S
5 24 i r e^ ofTew\2L ne «fe P^n U aftCa t t,' which we only have a few 'pieces left; and the slow sellers of the past season. A stock so big that you -will hardly about half 'their actual raiue; «i e g n %
g £ard.°. '../.. ..85c be able to tell where it begins or where it ends. All greatly reduced for this stupendous sale. : ::-: pnce; peryard • °* -r %
$ 2X -T*J£'™2 ] S\™£^T£c „ , The designs run from the neat and plain to the most elaborate. There is character and style in every piece, Vaiues in Bedding. *
J 24-inch Biack and white stripe siik-Mi the and beneath the varnish it has qualities of good wear. This is an unparalleled trade movement of great importance Wh;te Bed Sprea( f $ _ Lar g e8t wtSL, 5
8 44"nch%uck^ k^£V-Aii pmfl'^z LW^r'J"! to People who have got to purchase Furniture now or ;{n the near future. Articles bought in uda finish, ,cm e »K g htiy soiled, so the «! .^
a* different design., exceptional value, yard '. . Ife^JiP^^^ l A^'lf now can be stored free of expense until wanted. . \ oniy'tnst^of 1^! 0^ 0^ S1.3B §
$ 7iLVr;,,; '*: i»:,;r ; 8 * \V'?° f^V i?A>ntf$. (&8)1 These few items will give you some idea of the decisive price-cuts: wh-te ' Blanket!— Made from superior ion g .;
1? 24 inch Feau de Levant- 1 8 solid colors, Ki'WjW \ . wco!, large sire, nicely finished, an unmatch- £
£ warranted to wash, yard; . ., $,.Q O . | |#| r-^7^^ *** - P*^ P* • ¦ • $4-95 %
* Pamoita «»mm#^a«»* rUUV> « «^«« « VwSiS ¦" A \. ¦ ¦ SaSWHt ¦ : ~ - Gray Blank* ts— Best California wool 4 lbs. S
j Gamer a Supplies 1yWf^^m\Wm\ ((f\\ TTTl TSkfi '^^f—=^ -^ *&*, > -jue « d» P nce ; pair . .
i and Cameras. W R Ife ¦ ¦ ;\v Jf \ ; m ¦ --^ ...:--:¦•._¦..¦ $3.00 $
K ' A SalO, p^tftf \ fL> 1 V mWw ¦ [ ¥ _^—. ¦^-^ CoT.fort:r$— Medium summer „%
V /Ngj^U Paper covers, on } wt~$% '•' ' vfelft /^Zzk&^Zikzi> <£&h I /^'l, I vM C%( &M feS worsted borders; each $1,15 '%
| Szg^MHl Monday only:' _ ||||g jJ^gJ W$$ tiff Jm^^^^^^ g M H M W ' nl? made tS" 1
8 3 -^ bches ' h ° Id .-'¦**• -.II —^ — zz — z*~ jm— 5
j. -s^^^^ 1Z £<1 ueegre pic- Many Folding Beds— Only the most This Handsome Iron B:d— Exactly as Dininj Room Chair — As illus- This High-Gradc, Massive-Looking Dining &5.UO SUitS &3m45 .«
* ?Cto' M^ni^-tuZi' regularly rS reliable make— the satisfactory kind— illustratrd, enameled in a first class tiated, with qumered oak Table— Made of quartered oak and pol- For Soys G to 15 Years. *
J special Monday '. . . . .' . . . . . So here is one of. them— golden oak or manner, in blue, white, black or banister back, a well constmctcd lished, perfect construction, i substantial Wc have a large f£fa "J
1? $1.75 three joint Tripod, Monday. . .$1.38 maho»any finish, good sprng% safe and ivory, heavy post, worth $15; sale chair that we can guarantee tab'e, large enough to sat eight pcop'e lot of these serviceable F*V Jt
a 5 c Negative Racks, Monday ... - • 15o cas y to manipu'ate, «f ** £* -9 IS P ricc « <* fl% tt&h worth v""^'- *5 <B 0£ CT wIth com'ort, ' worth <£ tf *£ T SS three-piece Suits, single ~\Jtf -J
I ir^c Trays (4x S -mch). ,..|(7c vf onh$ 55 -J\c V nc^2G a 75 ....*SO.5O . " " $20; sale pace &S&n7& br^ed coats with vest rfms^ $
tf 15c Printing Frames, (4x5) Monday . . ffo •• »uc F i«.c... * .' r and kne: pants, made /\\,/ l\ &
Jf 8c Measuring Glasses, (4-oz) Monday . . So This $13. CO DreSSCr '.g^r^ft . v ' This $13.03 Chi- «*w'— -. I Gildcn OflK Or y * This $3.50 Hotel from durable woolen / j ' i fesA -J
*» ioc Measuring Glass-?, (8-oz) Monday . 7c *±*£ 1 &*&''*^a es. 't-W* '^"Trfel . • .' ... . <&^^5SSarf^V> t\^m^~~^^n d,,,,,,. t. iabrics in blue erav / fl ' J<\n J> "2
8 Flash Powderf reguiar.y 30c ibMonday y 23c • &%*£$ - -Fr-nch beveled Y 97?f¥t Mahogany Bureau-Is 5
jj $1.25 Scales, weighs » o«, Monday. 75O M*M \ polis-.ci Go'- J) i Wfc 'P^lf ccmmodious, tod fancy W 5pes F and \ \/-M C S
8 m&m l (. mirror, with ,^^j^g . . dgn Ojk whh S/^Mk Dressing , >/?! F««tS a cbcck hands omely de- j \ 5
I? The Brownie No. i Kodak . *i.oo 80c 7^/ /# _ i^^___^^ M&iksM&Mk ' ' * good app:ar - signed in ths most up- \|A,| . 3v
The Brown ; e Nc. a Kodak . $2.00 $1.60 /i'%'/*\ round corner; ths HEr'^^iiSBiT round cornered f|^^^^Rffl Tab'c,Fremh '¥///[ ' ?nce, has a t 0 "* 1^ f«hion S , suts I U : .v
I No. 3 FoWing Pocket Kodak.517. 50 $14.00 // [^ .^J . j Ifr^ JEfffl French beveled , : , :> French bev- that you would have HJ HI *
i No. 4 Cartridge Kodak.. . . Jzj.oo Jzo.oo |Uj^^4jl wood selected K !^^ . ' kgS; r=^r ? ' c'cdolate ! K ' T f ""»
X° No. a Builssye Kodak . . . J8.00 J6.40 y^g^V 1 "- v T*?VY. [j if^^bt '\WWj mirror; neat l^^^^^^^^T bu^-^jjg; ¦ C ' Ca P latc where; our price, for V
J Developing, Printing and Mounting promptly Golden Oak; B L^L^ carvings; five /f^P^^^<\ sha P e m ! r " i^L^.- ft^\ mirror; good this lot 1 /
y done in an artistic and satisfactory manner. j T " B ¦' M m(-' U )) J= ~ I ~ 1 '^51 construction tf?J JF1 P" \ W "**
n -I . , ' - -^'. tastefully carved R pSSgi ' drawers and a W J| j // ror; a regular f^y^± d finjsh '&&& &^\^ $
¦$ Butterick March gg^jW \- ll hat box - sa!c 1 I I / ¦ * l% co vai «d is marked y g
j: Patterns on Sate. ,;^fe;<^^ ; P csts » salc F rice > | Kgg|§l price, 7 1 ¦ "B»MP|.- for thu «i e . amn Sats f •$
J> March Patterns now ready and on sale in °- ~ ; - w Cr 11^^ I'-^^^^Sa fi— - I V— ue; Sale price, p^^^^E. on'v 3m€*fT3f3 «9«l/&* *
! ! jf Butterick Pattern Department, main floor, > '? '^iEA>c*— -r 1^' • £$*'§ (ft} QEH f~ > **^^^^tl &*f?B E *^"" * * >^ i^^' * '* . One-quarter off. More than ioo styles of Jf
*£ under Lidles* Parlor. A free copy of the •¦* U £p) 3 VIVV *p+JrMi&^0 ft-*" $9 m 75 $6*73 Decorated Porcelain and Fancy Metal Lamps, *C
J. Butterick Pattern Sheet for March can be ob- . " , with decorated globes. */lll this With. It ia j£
jf tained in the department. - '•' ~~ ~~ — _ -.j. annua j «« c !ean up'* of the lamp stock. A : Jf
$ c4L D S^ of'/Sf uStL™ Each piece olfuroiture is exactly as invstrated-madeol solid wood and nade righL You will find the 5TCTSS- J+ . S o u* . ».3» |
g> modes, it is filled wkh valuable information for |paS& hundreds of pieces Teduzed lor this sale marked with red tags. . \ $2. 5 o Lamps.. $i.ss S6.00 Lamps. 54.50 %
Jf the household. It has articles on Spring Dress ,. ' .. ;' „. ; r C . -¦<•-• - ,.:¦ '-'.'.-> i ' ¦'• '->£-" • ..'•.- '. $1-°° Lamps . $2.25 Etc., Etc. Jf
*£ Fabrics, Dress Trimmings, Braids and Laces. ¦;. ' : —^ * — : — — — '¦ — ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦¦ .^. '
K* complete without this magazine. Single copies : »^=>53|£5??^52S-1 '' V//^/' '¦'s/7l/?- n>, '• fr ®& S^^^~SzS£^M*k We have closed ouc from an importing jobber M
K Letiten GrOGerieS ¦ j/1' -- %&&% TOotI JiK \\\ Wf&W 8 B ?W,. kr^7' Jill 'Mfcss i^lWW inall. The widths cf these lacesrange from £
; J. Postum Cerea!-Or Fi g Prune Cereal, both , — —- =^5 j _ Z.-JX WSBlL i^^^^M^A WMmM .JH^^^^f E^L^ --^-^J regular way selling prices would b= IOC, 5
, Jf of them ideal health coffees, special Monday; ' j [. _^^,.-_^^f^ \= \r , | --S=SSft FBjpVg^-^r 161^ r -jl^ J I Oh8^^? .^^ J^p^lr ~ " ;I j. > i»>gc and 15c a yard; we shall sell X
' 5 If ' V \\ '',''*•' ' • '' : -£^i@^ X-^t^^^l^ I I fl IH B I II ff "I • !JI^3gNfr>~ 1^^" • 1 , them beginning Monday at. . . . OC? «
£ Codfish — B:st selected boneless Eastern, in '^Xv^--1i iilW* -=^^gg^^° | | f! II fl R jL-j II . I/, 1 -- : ~-J\. '" -^ ' ¦ J ' I Su5^f^ 1 "^
S F r'^tktM-Ncw* stock "nic-' fat ; 4^^^Kl ¦ iS^fe '- SL) vjrL !>^" |!^^g^ ?1^ '*£ P^^S B 337 DC FOllO, 50 Cm '?
J» Monday 3 for or ., """ , *^fe SS^^^^^^=^ -.."¦¦ ! ssg^. |°i^^ ' The Star Dance Folio containing arrange- **
»» Best Western Corn— Lilac brand, 6 tins. 49 O "~ " ** ! "": • "-~^g=^=f=f^ n _ IM - J ments of the latest srngs of the day, published 5
Jf Hoot Mon Mush— A regular ioc brand, on W W U « . ' U - ¦ [j II at 75c a volume; on sale in the ;" &
• Z» Monday only; a big snap; 4 packages fo?25c tig store at ' . . . O U C JS
Jf Salmon— Fancy Alaska Pink; Monday, 3 tins, This ThrcC-PlcCS Bedroom Suite — French p'ate Th?S Threc-p?CCC Parlor Suite — Upholstered with This Regular $43.00 Bedroom Svite — Golden oak; Among the pieces which it contains are:— j*
af ' rr; c w;_FrLc c ; Lunch or OiamDion. Ibf fl£ mirror on the three-drawer dre.scr; . washsiand a good qua.ity of tapestry; mahogany fished; thrcc-drawcr dresser, with round French beveled "^^^h^ThfcoUon mZ*££T «
S McuSi's Cheese - The genuL'canaln ' « shown; its equal not for sale m town at well nude and cons ructcd; a big va ue at edge mirror; ccar cut carvings; a splendid Lady°Hoitentot - j S
' jf artide, sold by the pound; per lb .. 2Oc oo; sale p.ice €& H /2 £8 G£ ?2O.oo; sale price ¦'?.' (p>-e*2> &tt value .at the regular price, &**$J3 fftkg% "A Bird in a Gilded Cage." '5
'* A salt* of ' »Mkg*P. now.;.. ;..:.,...,. &<$£**&& |
Jf &&3f2 OF . : : — _ : — : — ___ — ; ••! A i n - t Going to Weep No More." j*
I General Giesarance of Gssrpets and [Rugs. jjllillgi^ f
I F^chV^b^iedby™^- eJf\ Each season we have to g° through our great Carpet stock and pick out the patterns we cannot duplicate or Curtain Swisses. $
if known house in Borceaux, which W V. . will not reorder. Upon these we make an average reduction of 25 per centra price inducement that closes them 5000 Yards at low Prices. j»
*f we will place on sale Monday, jl A out j n s h olt order. This loss is a pena ty ihat w: must pay to keep our Carpet stocks always complete and up-to-dat:. There will be busy times 1000 prds dotted and fine figured Swiss, j6 x
I on'yju these exceedingly low *J^— s ' this week at thes; pricrs. ' '' ¦ -' " > . . inches wide; jard 12#O
*f Red Mines, Medrc - (}{) E. Good Qvality ol Tap?stry Carpet— Wool surface, bright, cheerful and effective Wilton Velvet Carpets— With borders to match, an exce^ent line to select . . ! . *!**. . 7l5o jc
Pints, 30c bottle; case 2 doz. |^;,j designs, worfi 55c per yard; reduced now to close, it out from; nothing but the /best quality . of yarn, used in these fftiffS 500 yards imported dotted Swiss, very pretty, S
*£ n" ' 'fi' iotii" f $*"* ' to ---- • •• • ...... nr#2l? carprtsY wor h $1. 25 per yard; sale price 36 inches wide, yard 200 %
jf ."T^ . . . ."'."ie-cb ™r-^ Best Quality of Toprstry Carpets— Including /such popular makes as Rox- Axminstcr Carpets- Of a nice, deep pHc, very effective and rich colorings, T^ . T* t ?25o $
J^ St. Julien— , . bur/, Stinsons and Stan ords, worth $1.00 per yard; reduced in a variety of siades and a^ good selection of patterns, worth. _d£ 0%fi 300 yards extra fine imported* 50-inch dotted *
jf Pints, 35c bott'e; case a doz. . .$7.50 now to c'ose to . . . . '****' $ 1. 2$ p;r yard; sale price ... .... ....... Swiss; yard 40o *
* Wh^t^ines C Grave — SC X dM ' ' S7 '°° Excellent HassccKs— Made up of Tapestry Carpets, Body Brussels, Velvets, Brussels Ry^S— Size 60x27 inches, handsome assortment ot patterns, medallion 1500 yards dotted Swiss, e«>toKd dot, width 36 k
J Pints, 37*1 case a doz 97,25 and Axminstcrs; a very special bargain at this week's price; Kgjg% and Oriental designs, ir^ged both ends; sa!c pr.ee this week, <J< *>g- gcS^Sd/'uippit Musiln, figur'ed aid'dSe?
Jf Quarts, 65c; case 1 dor . .... $6.75 each . - «wf«#«f each........;..: .".•... npiamMm+*^ 36 inches wide 12#O $
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
the EUPOBirno.
THE EMPOBIUM.
TEE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMTOBIUM.
1 j(fjfllj^ffi^^^fl^Ii]fl.Sj^iiftxj3ii3iJISE^3il]Milil]MBifflBHnCBEff
m If you should go to the Park, to Burlingame, or B
i wherever fashionable folk drive, and should pick out the 1
I smartest and most excellently finished vehicle there. 1
E you could be reasonably sure it was obtained of us. But B
I the place to see the most handsome vehicles in » the I
GtddenCa^A^andPiolli
We would be pleased to show you' our fine stock of Furniture,/ N
Carpets and Draperies and quote you prices. We would be glad to
;" open an account ..with you. We do not pay the big Market-street rent
and can save you money. . «^
: Free delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. We close at 6
- except on Saturday. '
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
333-342 POST ST., Cpposite Union Square.
' " ' ¦ • ¦ » ¦¦-.•¦¦•-. •.. •WITH a half dozen characters of
distinction, a round dozen sit
uations that strike fire and a
production of rare splendor, "In
the Palace of the King," at the
Columbia this week, has much more than
fulfilled Its promise. One expected little
from the fatal fertility of Mr. Crawford,
author of the book, more from the dram
atist. Lorlmer Stoddard, who fitted Mrs.
Flske with her Btrong play. "Tess of the
DTJrbervllles." but most from Miss Al
len, wbose place here is second to none
In public liking. But Mr. Crawford has
furnished the dramatist with a story of
true romantic flavor, easily susceptible to
dramatic treatment and picturesque to
at degree. He has drawn the before-men
tioned half dozen characters with a clear
ness of touch that left only the work of
direct transference from story to stage
for the dramatist, and has further af
forded a novel field of effort to the artist
In Bettings, the magnificences of the
Spanish courts having been exploited
with much less frequency than the
eplendors of other royal arenas. Mr.
Etoddard, the promising and lovable
young playwright, who met death too
coon, has done as much for Mr.
Crawford as Mr. Crawford has done for
him. He has filled out the lines in har
monious fashion — and they are pitched in
BUfficIently stately key by the author — he
has strengthened the climaxes, Introduced
a Cardinal and several minor characters
Into the cast, and tactfully fitted the in
cident into greater dramatic effectiveness.
As It Is, and more especially as it is done
by MIes Allen and her company, "In the
Palace of the King" Is a thoroughly en
joyable play, stirring and picturesque and
replete with interest of one kind or an
other from beginning to end. It Is not a
great play in any sense of the word, and
Trfll go the way of other dramatic
ephemera soon or late, but in the mean
time "In the Palace of the King" will
serve an evening's turn better than most,
end Is certain of an audience so long as
Miss Allen and her company have it in
hand.
{ * • •
One of the strongest portraits in the
play is that of King Philip of Spain, dono
by "W. E. Bonney, whose Nero in the orig
inal "Quo Vadls" left its mark on things
theatrical. Mr. Bonney once upon a time
was the private secretary of Rich&rd
Mansfield, who taught him tp act. From
this good school Mr. Bonney went to the
Adelphi Theater In London.
Miss Allen returns to us a full-fledged
star, and as Dolores de Mendoza, beloved
of the king's brother, has an opportunity
to exhibit to excellent advantage her
many-sided accomplishment. A creature
of quick mood, romantic, willful, capable
and deep-hearted, Dolores de Mendoza is
an attractive figure, and Miss Allen brings,
to the conception almost everything neces
sary to its best interpretation.
TALENTED ACTOR IN THE
ROLE OF THE KING OF
SPAIN.
Special Information supplied dally to
buBinejia houses -and public men by tho
Press CUpping Bureau (Allen's)^ Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main WOT *
"' Townsend's California glace fruit* 60c a
pound, in boxes or Japl bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frtendaL
633 Market at.. Palace Hotel bi&dln? «
CaL Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Townaend's.'
A- St. Louis street-car company refused to take a smooth nickel from a j passenger, and
when he declined to give another they put him off the car. Now the. courts, have compelled the
corporation to pay $2000 damages, and. it is probable that hereafter smooth nickels will go in
.... The statement that Lord ¦; Salisbury will resign as soon as i the South . African war . is ended
is not encouraging to those who wish the old statesman's place. The end is too far off. , ; X
It is stated that since 1889 Liverpool has increased its population by 78,000 and during
the same time the number of cases of drunkenness apprehended by the .police have diminished
from 16,000 to 4180 a year, its criminal offenses from 926 to 552 per 100,000 inhabitants, and it
has been found possible to diminish the police force by 100 men without harm to the safety of
the city. All of this decrease of vice and crime while the population was increasing is attributed
by John Burns; the London labor leader, to the fact that during the eieveh years the Liverpool
authorities closed up 345 saloons in the slums of the city where excessive drinking . 'and crime
wye prevalent. , ".;»"-
The Indiana courts are said to have decided in the case of Christiansen vs. Crum that the
death of one of the parties to a marriage engagement represents such a breach of contract as en
titles the survivor to compensatory damages; so it: seems, now that the* engaged man can find no
relief even in the grave, and a new terror has been added to society.
SATURDAY.
Praeludiurai trad Fugue. J> major. Bach-d'ATbert
Rondo A moll. .....Mozart
Marsch aus den Rulsen v. Athens ;.
Beethoven-Rubinstein
Variations eerieuses Mendelssohn
Berceuse "I
Valse A flat major.................... lOjopla
Valse E minor ..I
Erl-Konls ........>
Morgenstandchen 5 Schubert-Liszt
Barcarolle Rubinstein
Rhapsodis Liazt
• • •
The Hofmann programmes for next
"Wednesday evening and Saturday after
noon at the Metropolitan Temple ara as
follows:
WEDNESDAY.
Variations D minor ,. .Handel
Rondo G minor •. Beethoven
Marche MUltalre ......... Schubert-Tauslz
Concert E minor Cnosin
Alceste Gluck-Salnt Saens
Gnomenreigen 1
Llebestraum llJsxt
Meflsto Valse ; /;
None will deny that the belief thus expressed is essentially neither will any one
question that the aspiration is excellent. There are a good many things that might be settled by
a world legislature, just as the Chinese indemnity question was settled by the joint action of the
powers. It happens, however, that such international action as has taken place so far does not
commend itself to mankind. Still the Massachusetts movement merits attention. It affords a
good subject for discussion at the debating, societies during the winter and is altogether the best
thing that has been produced by a State solon this year. -
The petitioners say: "We hold that mankind is ir^ reality one organic body. * * * We
look forward to the development of the organic political unity of mankind until each nation shall
be represented in the world legislature when the concerns of all mankind shall be acted upon by
the representatives of all mankind, for the peace and welfare of all." j -
In seeking the creation of a. world congress the Massachusetts petitioners do not ask that all
nations be invited to take part in it. Such a scheme would be impracticable, and, moreover, it
would offer no strong inducements to the great powers. The plan is that ten nations be invited
to assemble through duly accredited delegates to formulate a world constitution, lay down laws
and then request the outsiders to come and be good. That gives the ten a chance to do big pol
itics at the start.
It will be as easy for a President of the United States to institute a "movement for the estab
lishment of a world congress as it was for the Czar to institute a ; peace congress and bring about
the establishment of the High Court of Nations to serve as a tribunal for international arbitration.
In fact since such a court has been established and meets once in a while to have a dinner and to
show itself grateful for being alive, it is but fitting there should be a world congress to make laws
for/ the court to construe. All that is quite evident, and this movement, then, has a logical reason
for going ahead if it can: _.¦>-¦
. . Ordinarily at this season the country receives quite a variety of new impulses from re-
formers acting upon State Legislatures. This, however, is an off year for impulses' of the kind,
because comparatively few States have Legislatures in session this winter, so we must be the more
thankful for the one movement that comes to us. Fortunately it is large enough to cause no end
of talk, and is so little likely to move rapidly even when started that almost any number of persons
can give it a helping hand without fear of precipitating it like an avalanche upon an unsuspect
ing world. ' • •
MASSACHUSETTS is pondering 3 petition recently presented to her Legislature re
questing the adoption of resolutions calling upon Congress to empower the President
of the United States to institute a movement for the establishment of a world congress.
The proposition is the first step in the way of practical politics to bring about the re
alization of Tennyson's "parliament of man; the federation of the world."
God will most likely reward Mr. Stein
dortt for his yeoman .service to the caus©
of music, otherwise I fear he. would hard-
Ex. ¦trongMsarhouna candy .Townsend's.'
Mr. Stelndorff has provided another
good programme for the symphony con-
Cert of Friday afternoon next, to include
the lovely "Unfinished Symphony" of
Schubert; Glinka's overture, ."The Ufa of
the Czar"; Jadassohn, "Serenade"; and
"Phaeton," symphonic • poem by . Saint-
Saens. . The programme covers a wide
field, from the overflowing luxuriance of
Schubert's melody to the studied grace
fulness of Saint-Saens" > genius. The
Glinka overture gives . the salt and pun
gent flavor of the Russian note, without
which most modern programmes are In
complete, andrthe fresh voice of Jada
ssohn In the "Serenade" brings a moment
of indolent delight. . momeni
• • ¦ •
. Mme. Ragna Llnne, a Swedish soprano,
will appear with the Rosenbecker orches
tra. From what I can gather the lady
promises exceedingly jvell and should add
largely to the Interest of the Chicago
symphony concerts. Mme. LJnno is a de
scendant of the famous Scandinavian nat
uralist and botanist, Karl V. LJnne (Lin
naeus).
• • •
The chance to hear two symphony or-:
chestras in one day comes rarely enough
anywhere. It is a musical miracle out
here, and as an opportunity of close com
parison as valuable as it is rare. The
Rosenbecker Orchestra is an institution
of some six or seven years' standing, ours
of hardly so many weeks, and
comparisons will therefore necessa
rily • be of a purely relative order.
It is doubtful if there be any
better material In the foreign orchestra
than in the home band; neither Is it likely
that the Chicago leader is a more efficient
conductor than Mr. Stelndorff, but there
Is the handsome advantage on the visit
ors' side of seven years' playing In con
cert and all that that implies. It is now
to see what seven years will do for the
home Institution. The Chicago orchestra
numbers less by five men than the San
Francisco symphony orchestra, by the
way. But it is going to be a unique and
valuable experience in the local ' concert
goers' history and It Is entirely likely
that the same audience will crowd both
theaters.
The coming week will be given over to
the symphony concert of Friday after
noon and the Hofmann recitals of
Wednesday evening and Saturday after
noon. Then will come (D. V.) three Nor
dica recitals in the following week, the
musical month closing with the symphony
concerts of the Stelndorfl and Rosenbeck
er orchestras. The disastrous happening
of January 31, when the symphony con
cert and Hofmann recital came together,
was almost repeated, by the way, the vis
iting orchestra escaping collision with the
local organization only by the fact of one
giving an afternoon, the other an evening
concert. But this, far from detracting
from either event, will go to add largely
to the attractiveness of both.
OUR musical entertainment of
late seems to have been con
ducted on the "feast or famine"
plan. It was a famine week
last week, owing to the Nor
dica disappointment, but there seem few
weeks of the kind ahead for some time
yet,.' the days seeming rather to promise
an embarrassment of riches than other
wise.
.A. MASSACHUSETTS' MOVEMENT.
ly set that which should be coming to him
as a pioneer of the 'symphonic art In San
Francisco. A thousand vexations, a thou
sand difficulties, and hard work In terrify
ing quantity, are Inevitably hia who will
conduct the earlier concerts of a sym
phony society. Mr.' Steindorff Is doubly
unfortunate In coming efter a long record
of failure— as regards permanence— of
symphony societies here, and has had,
slnglehanded, to lift the level of hope to
where It was before symphony had been
tried and had failed. That he has dons
so well, so soon, argues volumes both for
the conductor and his men, not forgetting
Mr. Mlnettl, whose concertmelstershlp Is
no sinecure. It speaks well, too, for the
lovers of symphony, who have, shown
their friendliness In ¦ substantial and un
mistakable fashion, though, a still more
substantial support Is essential to set the
youthful society firmly on Its feet.
The progress of the band has been from
good to better right from the beginning,
and the last concert was creditable to a
degree, that is, the Dvorak symphony, for
that is all I heard. But It should be re
membered, and again remembered, that
come and go what will In the line of mu
sic, the symphony concert Is legitimately
first in the consideration of those who
would help to a knowledge of that which
comes nearest the song of the "choir
Invisible."
The sale of seats for the next concert
begins on Tuesday morning at Sherman
& Clay's music store.
SWEDISH SOPRANO WHO "WTLL
APPEAR "WITH ROSENBECKER
ORCHESTRA IN NEAR FUTURE.
But for all thatj and conceding the correctness of the 'position of the House, the Execu
tive is charged with the execution of the law, and if that co-ordinate branch of the Government
choose to consider a tariff invading treaty as the law of the land, and order" its observance by the
Collectors of Customs, the remedy of the House is obscure. Only a decision of the Supreme
Court can settle it, and it may be questioned whether the traditions of the court will permit it to
interfere in such a dispute between one branch of Congress and the other and the Executive. Yet
it is the most important constitutional question that has arisen since the secession of South Caro
lina. The House may strike back by letting revenue fail or by refusing legislative intercourse with
the Senate. But that will not interpret the^constitution nor settle the issue.-. . . .
The report of the Ways and Means Committee will be awaited with the keenest interest. ••-'-
To go further than that, it is highly probable that not only tHe treaty-making power but
the power of the whole government would have been held incompetent to extend such an exclu
sive favor to one among the many nations with'which we sustained commercial relations.
A study of the subject reveals the probable intention and belief of the makers of the con
stitution that the treaty making powers of the Executive and Senate would be used only. in con
cluding peace, arranging such international matters as expatriation, boundary and extradition. In
the state of our commerce in 1789, the date of,the inauguration of the constitution, there was) no
discussion at all of any arrangement by which one nation might purchase abatement of our tariff
rates by the reciprocal lowering of its own for our benefit. The first tariff passed by the first
Congress contained no such provision, and there is no doubt that if the subject had arisen then, it
would have been treated as an extra-constitutional proceeding unless with the concurrence of
the House.
Mr. Payne and the members of the majority who discussed the resolution, and favored its
reference to the committee instead of adoption by the House, all took occasion to affirm their
indorsement of Mr. Richardson's position, and there was, no dissent on the floor of that chamber.
fit is evident, therefore, that a battle royal is at hand between the two branches of Con
gress. It is difficult to see what means of defense the House will have, no matter how well con
vinced of the rightfulness of its position.
The Speaker ruled properly that a threat to infringe the rights of the House was not an
infringement. Discussion was had by Messrs. Jenkins, Tawney and Richardson, and the Ways
and Means Committee was ordered to investigate the whole subject and report findings to the
House, which would equip it with the instruments of defense," as soon as the Senate challenged it
Mr. Richardson's resolutions were referred to the Ways and Means Committee. These reso
lutions declare that:- "It is the sense of this House that the negotiation by the Executive of a com- .
mercial treaty whereby rates of duty imposed on goods entering the United States should be
fixed would, in view of section % article I, of the constitution, be an infraction of the constitution
and an invasion of one of the highest prerogatives of the House of Representatives."
the Senate could raise the issue between the two houses.
Mr. Payne, the majority leader, raised the point of order that pending and incompleted
action of the Senate could not be taken as such evidence, and tliat only the completed action of
On January 31 Mr. Richardson of Tennessee, the minority leader, introduced resolutions
citing the pending reciprocity treaties as evidence of the intention of the Senate to override the
prerogatives of the House.
r, HE CALL, in discussing the constitutional primacy of the House' in revenue legislation,
forecast what has happened as the result of the pending effort for tariff abatement by
reciprocity generally, "and for free trade with- Cuba. This issue was really made whenjMr.
Blaine advised that high- rates in the tariff be used to incite requests for reciprocity, but
it was not then seen. to be the initiative of a struggle for prerogative between the House, and Sen
ate. That struggle has now ripened, and, since we predicted it, has been precipitated. %
By Blanche Fartington.
NORDICA DISAPPOINTMENT
CLOSES A WEEK
THAT PROMISED WELL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY/ "FEBRUARY 9, - 190S..
BY GUISARD.
MARION CRAWFORD GIVES
TO PLAYWRIGHT
EASILY ADAPTED MATERIAL
THE SAN FKANGISCQ CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '• - . 3 ' - Address Communications to W. S.LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ......................'... FEBRUARY q,iqo2
Publication Office ' . C^^^^^&> ......... ....................... Market and Third, S. F.
:THB HOUSE AND THE SENATE^
22
"Seventy-seven" is Dr. Humphreys* Fa-
moos Specific foe Grip and Colds. consist-
Ing of a small bottle of pleasant pellets
that fits the vest pocket; handy to carry.
v."Seventy-seven" cures Grip. Colds. In-
fluenza. Catarrh, Pains and Soreness In
the head and chest. Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, General Prostration and Fever.
"Seventy-seven" stops fresh Colds and
breaks up Stubborn .Colds that hang: on
and do not yield to ordinary treatment.
At all Druggists', 23 cents, or mailed on re-
ceipt oz price. DOCTOR'S BOOK HAILED
FREE.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medlciaa Co.. Cor-
ner William and John Streets, New Tork.
PREVENTS AND
BREAKS UP
AD v JittTISEjJflCENTS.
DDTTCUCC FOR BARBEK3. BJUC-
O.KU OlllLO *'' bootblacks. batiJ-
** X * *********** houses, billiard tablaa.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canaen.
totrs! fiouralUs, foundries, laundries, paptr-
•tablamea. tsx-roofars. tanners, taflom. «t*
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Si
! Your Fortune Told Free. !
BY THE ZODIAC tgrttfiKSfiZ
' a Horoscope Reading of your life, and a
1 most interesting Book on Astrology, if you
i send the date of your birth and a stamp for ,
i return postage. Our readings nave made ,
, aeople happy and full of hope and success.
Address MAGAZINE OF MYSTERIES. 23 '
', North William St. N. T. City.
r^ j^^_ POSTUM CEEEAIj.
"Coffee-Never-Hurt-Me 11 .
Some famous brain workers have made a wel-
W^5k3^P^ ! «*^^\« come discovery along the line of recovery of
j^^^^^^JUt^^S^gaS health by the proper selection of food. Several
V^^^^^^^iff^^S were of the "Coffee-never-hurt-me" kind, but,
re^^^^S§^^^P^^^ as an experiment, tried leaving it off ten days,
Y^^S^^^^^^^M and the use oi Postum Cereal Food Coffee In
lt^^*%^^^^^^^ lts P lace< A definite and decided Improvement
ij^j^^^S^^^^^^^S in health is practically certain to attend such
Look carefully into the state of health of tho
EgragBBwtffi Hi Individual who knows that "coffee don't hurt
|$|g||s5jftiaSy J8j me," and you are almost sure to find some
V\. l5^;|3| jUI form of physical all or functional disturbance
gpjja — perhaps muddy complexion, or weak eyes, in-
Pi-*5sy£3fj iS&f clplent heart failure, kidney trouble, liver or
ES?pa||3 ©11 bowel disorders, or some form of weakness that
K^©^^ !§» shows plainly enough by the cry for relief sent
rdl^fe-* "Why does the dismissal of Coffee and the use of Pos-
fr^p?Q£y turn bring help? Experiments in artificial digestion
ffeSPgBy ( ehow clearly to the Bclentlflc Investigator that coffee
wgfigy arrests digestion, and according to one authority al-
lows only 61 per cent of. the food to be digested. That
6trikes at the very keystone of the arch of health. Failure In digestion means
lack of good blood, and therefore a lack of food for the nerve . centers. As the
nerves control the organs of the entire b ody. j one can readily understand that a
disorganized nervous system may show effect in any part of the body. There-
fore, a removal of the cause will allow nature to right herself. A powerful as-
sistant to nature Is Postum Cereal Food Coffee, composed of 'the albumen, phos-
phates, gluten, etc., from which nature builds in the delicate tissues of the
nerves.
M Postum aids digestion without drugging, and furnishes a concentrated liquid
food as well as a most delicious morning Coffee.
If the reader has ever failed to make Postum satisfactorily, It will be found
that to allow It to boll 15 minutes after boiling commences will solve. the problem,
as It must be so boiled to extract taste, color and food value. Postum Cereal Co.,
U-C BjOil* Craalc Micfa~ BttSBSMSBIMONTEREY, Feb. 8.— The Monterey County
Board of Supervisors yesterday appointed l?r.
T. C. Edwards of Salinas to t>e County Physi
cian in the place of Dr. S. M. Archer, deceased.
The cases disposed of by the military
commissions at this time represent the
work of only half of the. month of De
cember, so that it may be seen that tha
American authorities have still something
to do in spite of the fact that most of the
organized warfare is over.
The Presidio de Manila is overcrowded
with prisoners, as are also the less im
portant prisons. Army officers recently
arrived state that many criminals are set
free weekly because of lack of room.
Jose Santa Maria and Donato Briones.
who were convicted of kidnaping and
murdering a number of their fellow coun
trymen, were executed on January 22 at
Nueva Caceres, Southern Camarines. Mo
desto de la Cruz, who stabbed a native
woman for screaming while her husband
was being murdered, was hanged last
Wednesday. Ciro Decampo, who killed a
sergeant of the Hollo police, appointed by
the Americans, was executed on the same
day as De la Cruz. Pedro Corpus, who
killed a fellow occupant of an American
guardhouse at Cauayan, province of Isa
bella, for giving important information to
his captors, was hanged on January 22. -
Scores of other natives were convicted
of murder at about the same time as the
preceding, but by reason of extenuating
circumstances their sentences were com
muted to various terms of imprisonment.
Hundreds of Filipinos from Zamboanga
to Aparrl were convicted of lesser crimes
and received severe sentences.
Many Other Executions.
General Chaffee in approving the sen
tence says: "The laws of war provide but
one adequate penalty for the soldier who
deserts his flag to fight in the ranks of
the enemy against his own. people. The
sentence ls confirmed." ¦
Appeal was made to President Roose
velt, but he declined to interfere.
The deserters were able to elude their
pursuers for several months, but were
driven at last by privations and fear to
surrender themselves. Their plea was
that they were intoxicated at the time of
their desertion, but their guilt was con
clusively proven to the officers of the
commission and the men were sentenced
to death. ,
Edmund A. Du Bose and Lewis Russell,
deserters from the Ninth (colored) Cav
alry, were hanged at Gulnobatan, pro
vince of Albay, Luzon, last Friday. The
records of the commission show that the
two men became dissatisfied with the
army and deserted about a year ago.
When they left they took with them six
carbines, 600 rounds of ammunition and
other Government property. The arms
were handed over to Colonel Toledo, who
was at that time operating against the
Americans in Albay. The men received
commissions as lieutenants in the insur
gent army and commenced leading raids
against their own countrymen. Through
their agency the American forces suffered
considerable injury in minor encounters.
Colored Deserters Hung.
Reports of the proceedings of the Phil
ippine military commissions, received at
army headquarters yesterday, show that
present conditions in that part of our new
possessions are far from satisfactory.
Crime of every kind is rampant through
out all the Islands occupied by the Ameri
cans. Assassinations among the natives
are of e very-day occurrence. Armed re
sistance against the forces of the United
States, ' however, ls constantly diminish
ing, and it is expected that the rigid en
forcement of the laws promulgated by the
civil commission and the commanding
general will soon put a stop to the minor
disorders. The most severe punishment is
being meted out to offenders, and ¦ a
wholesome respect for the majesty of the
laws will undoubtedly be Inculcated in the
natives when they realize that their mis
deeds will not be condoned.
Two American Traitors Are
Executed by Their
. Countrymen.
Military Courts Dealing
Severely With Of
fenders.
MUCH DISORDER
IN PHILIPPINES
TAXARE SUES FOR DAMAGES. — T.
Tanabe Sled a suit against G. Matsumara for
?10.000 damagei for false Imprisonment yes
terday. The plaintiff claims that Matsumara
maliciously caused his arrest on a charge of
vagrancy last December.
The £rst session of the club during Jan
uary was devoted to music, when a most
interesting programme was presented, and
at the second meeting Mrs. Fannie C.
Smith read an interesting paper on "Spir
itual Telepathy," and Mrs. Norman H.
Martin read one on "Mental Telepathy."
Mrs. A. L. Barry extended a warm wel
come to the gentlemen into the sacred
precincts of the club, to ¦which they were
admitted but once a year, and then an
nounced that there would be a programme
of entertainment. This included a tenor
eolo by Ray Lloyd Smith; contralto solo,
Miss Grace Savage; reading, M. Foster;
Eoprano solo, Miss E. L. Burnham; bass
eoIo, E. L. Boysen. Then there was an
adjournment to the banquet hall.
The annual reception by the membership
of the Corona Literary Club In Mission
Masonic Hall was a most pleasant affair.
An orchestra rendered selections during
the evening, while the members of the
club greeted the hundreds of friends who
had accepted the invitation to be present
and Guests in the Mission
Masonic Sail.
Pleasant Reunion of the 'Members
"When Judge Murasky adjourned court
j'esterday at noon Edward I. "Walsh anS
John Coghlan were ahead of George Alp
ers and Fred Egrgers 211 and 41 votes re
spectively. Seventy-one out of 803 pre
cincts have been counted so far, leaving
the candidates in the following positions:
Official Loss to Present
Vote. Date. Standing.
Braunhart 16,749 337 16.412
Pajot 16,571 302 16,269
"Wilson 16,517 386 16.131
Bent 16,112 406 15,XD«
Eggers 15,953 453 15,500
Alpers 15,940 420 15,620
Walsh 16,886 155 16.731
Coghlan 15,686 145 • 15.641
Finn 15.595 . 144 15,451
Lyons 15,574 » 173 15,401
Alrd 15,525 150 15,366
Reagan 15,434 159 15,275
Labor Party Candidates Appear to Be
Sure of Winning Supervisorial
Seats.
COEONA LITEBAEY CLUB
HOLDS ANNUAL B.ECEPTIO2T
WALSH Ain> COGHI/AN GAIN
ON EGGERS AND ALPERS
P15EUM0NIA CAUSES
BUSINESS HAN'S DEATH
George M. Lonergan, Manager fcr
Goldberg, Bowen & Co., Passes
Away.
George M. Lonergan, manager for Gold
berg, Bowen & Co., died of pneumonia
early Saturday morning after an illness of
five days.
Mr. Lonergan was held In the highest
esteem by his employers and by his many
friends. He was a member of several so
cieties and was particularly prominent in
the Young Men's Institute. The funeral
will be held Monday morning at the un
dertaking parlors of Carew & English, on
Van Ness avenue. At 10 o'clock a solemn
requiem high mass will be sung at St.
Mary's Cathedral. The Interment, which
is to be in Holy Cross Cemetery, will be
deferred until the arrival of a brother
form the East.
The deceased was 45 years of age. He
was a native of North Adams, Mass. Four
children, Edward, Pierce, John and Mary,
survive him.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 8. — Franklin J. Hatch of
this city has been appointed chief deputy clerk
of the United States District Court of Hawaii,
at Honolulu. The appointment .was made by
Judge M. M. Estee. '
Resolved, That ! the general committee of
citizens and . naval officers already asked to
tako up the work be heartily encouraged and
that , Rear Admiral j Henry Glass and Frank J.
Bymmes bo and are hereby appointed to repre.
sent this association upon such committee.
Resolved, That the commanding officers of
the various ships and stations are Invited to
Bollclt a contribution on February 22 from all
under their command of an equivalent of one
day's pay. ¦•• •¦ ¦ ¦ ; ¦ ;•..;.
Resolved,. That the . United States Naval
Academy Graduates' Association In California
heartily Indorses the plan for securing a home
or clubhouse at Vallejo'- for the use of the
United States sailors and marine* and pledges
itself to earnestly aid in the work: and it la
hereby further ¦ - . ¦ > •
. A general committee having already been
Invited to take up the work, the aid and sup
port of this association should be accorded and
it is therefore , • «¦•"«
It is but little known how much this work
is required and it is apparent that there are
many both within and without, the service
who would he glad to assist and to contribute
toward the needed funds.
There Is much of monotony in * "Jack's" life.
"When on duty and when ashore, he requires a
ctange. He needs some of the benefits which
the officer and the citizen finds In the gentle
man's club. H£ needs a place of protection
from the proverbial land shark and the sailor
boarding-house— a plates where he may " find
good reading matter and a good restaurant
reasonable amusements and clean and com
fortable lodgings— all freed from the tempta
tions of strong drink and the snares of the
saloon. , , :
All good people to whom this greeting may
come, whether by receipt of this circular or
by notice through the public press, are urged
to make contribution on or before the 'good
day named, viz. — February 22. Any member
of the general committee will accept contri
butions and the ¦ principal newspaper offices
will render a like service. - . ,.„, .
TTrge Contributions.
Pay Inspector J. R. Stanton, 800 Market
street, San Francisco, will receive and account
for the funds.
Let the graduates in civil life lend their aid
toward Interesting the public and let officers
and men in service give each their mite. It
has been suggested that each officer and man
in aervlce upon this coast- contribute the
amount of one day' s pay, and that a day be
set for this purpose. In order that there may
be "a good pull, a strong pull and a pull to
gether," it is proposed that the commander
cl every ship and station upon, the coast In
vite contributions from his entire command of
the equivalent of a day's pay, say on Feb
ruary 22 — a good day for a good deed.
It is specially appropriate that the graduates
of the naval academy upon this coast should
take the lead in this good work and this
association pledges Itself to the cause. ¦
The cause is one which should appeal to all
who have any realization or the peculiar
temptations to which "Jack" is exposed when
on shore and to those who are interested that
he should have some fair and reasonable oppor
tunity to escape them.
Through the exceeding generosity of Captain
B. H. McCalla, who has given the entire
amount of his prize money from the Spanish-
American war (more than $5000) a large city
lot has already been obtained. Funds are now
needed for a suitable building.
To the Friends of the Man Behind the Gun —
Stimulated by . the great benefits which have
been derived from the two admirable Institu
tions now in operation at Brooklyn, N. Y..
and Newport, R. I., it Is proposed to provide
at Vallejo, Cal., a clubhouse or home for the
use and benefit of the United States sailors
and marines.
Symmes H. Hunt, '61; Rear Admiral Henry
Glass, '63; Commander Jefferson G. Moser, '68;
Frank J. Symmes, '68; Commander- Holland
N. Stevenson, '68; Commander W. . W. Kim
ban. '68; Commander J. B. Milton, '70; J. C.
Burnett, "71; Captain R. H. Fletcher, '73; W.
B. Dunning, '76; Lieutenant Commander Simon
Cook, '77; Lieutenant Commander A. C. Almy,
'78; G. L. Dlllman, '80; J. B. Parsons, '81; J.
McMillan, '86; J. G. F. Moale, '01; Lieutenant
J. L>. Stlcht, '03; Lieutenant W. H. Standley,
'H5: Ensign A. N. Mitchell. "99.
Lot Has Been Obtained/ . •
The following address and resolutions
were adopted: >
Twenty-flve graduates of the United
States Naval Academy, some of them now
In civil life, met in the red room of the
Bohemian Club Friday night to take steps
to further the erection of the proposed
clubhouse at Vallejo for "jackies."
Symmes H. Hunt of the class of '61 pre
sided. The following were present:
ANNAPOLIS MEN
REMEMBER JACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SDNDAX'FEBEUAEY 9, 1902.
23
NIL W 5rKIWb 5 1 1 Lfco.
Mattings^ Rugs and Linoleums.
UNPARALLELED . Select* on here to choose from— UNPARALLELED prices here to
tempt— not m spo^s here end th?re— but in every carpet we show.
As you will come here in the e.id anywsy, we invite you to look around and com-
pare— compare PATTERNS, compare quality, compere prices.
We are not afraid of becoming too emphatic in talking of the lines or the dis-
play— NOTE THE PRICES.
¦ i :
Bigelow and Lowell Axminsters Bigelow Lowell Body Brussels
Absolutely the best high-pi e carpet mad:; In an endless variety of patterns, for hall»
all the latent fall patterns and colorings; parlor, library, bedroom ) the regular
price $1.75; this week, sewed and J OR downtown price for the carpet 1} I 'IP
la:d i»OD $1.50; this week sold as low as. . ¦•-^ J
Roxbury and Stinson Tapestries Smith's and Sanford's Best Velvets
In dainty new patterns, exact copies of Exquisite new designs and colorings, suit-
f ins Axminsters and Body Brussels ; reg- able for parlor, hall, dining-room ; bor-
ular downtown price $1.00. This ftX* dcrs to match ; regular $1.25; I r\f\
week, s:wcd and laid / UC this week, sewed and laid l«vV
Smith's and Sanford's Tapestries Extra Super Ingrains
For hall, dining-room or parlor; bo:'- 36 inches wide ; warranted all wool and
der to match; regular 90c; sewed 71* absolutcl) best quality; regular 7/)^,
and laid •• /O^ 90c; this week !* W
Inlaid Tile Linoleum American Cork Linoleum
English and American tile lino'cum, inde- Made 12 feet wids and of extra heavy
structible; 25 different designs; som: quality; new designs of imported hard-
stores ask as high as $1.75 for no 1 OA wood floors ; also floral patterns ; fif| r
bcttcrgoods I.OU regular 80c ; square yard :... ** u^
PARTIES who intend furnishing should consult our Estimate Department
before buying, , ;
Goods selected now— when stocks are at their best— will be held until de-
livery is ordered, '
CORNER 16th and MISSION STREETS.
AUCTION.
Von Rhein R. E. Co.
513 California Street.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20th.
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cor. Franklin and O'FarrslL
7 Sup2rb Lots.
SUNNY, CENTRAL AND IN A TASHION-
ABLK LOCALITY.
CPAKRELL STREET. /.
25 | 25 871 '
to 5 — tr*
87:6 *
112:6 S
Horns of J. C Stubbs Esq.
Tins Marine View.
On account ot removal to Chicago: 47ifla
127:8^4; 2519 Pacific ava, west of Stetner}
superb, artistic home; 15 rooms, billiard. II"
brary, 4 baths; permits to see house at office,
WEBSTEa-ST. C02HEE— RENT $33.
27:6x81:3; S."W. corner Webster and Wllfley,
north of Bush: improvements are old, but thai
corner ls admirably adapted lor a store and>
a '«0E-8T. MCDS3N KAT3— BESTS $72.50.
¦60x95, with "L" 5 feet fronting Seventeenth
street; Noa. 326-332 Noe; take Castro cara(
owner resides out of the State; a bargain!
C0a:lEK BUCHANAN AND PISE.
B5xSl:3, In 1 or 2 lots; north-west corner; 53
feet on Buchanan by 81:3 on Pine; choice l
STEVENSON, BET. STB AND OTH— BENT $13,
22:6x75; 429 Stevenson; central location, clos*
to market and to new postofnee; reduced pres-
ent rent $40; one tenant.
Corner Clipper tad Diamoad — 180x111.
Southwest corner; 160 on Clipper by 11* oa
Diamond.
Univeriity Mound Sorrsy- B'oek 115.
rots 3. 4. S. 6, 7. 8; each lot 100x120; front.
tng Oambler, Sllltman. Madison aad Henry
ats.; 8 corners; also
Block 113.
Fronting Henry, Hansfleld. Knox and Borrow!
streets and La Grande avenue.
Block 118.
Fronting Henry, itadison. TTwn-r and SHUmaa
streets and La Grande avenue.
FrselU Villey Laads.
Lots 234. 233 and 236; also lots 20 and 23. 1
Absolutely the Greatest Values Ever Given at the
Prices We Name in This Sale.
o ! : q p I q
THft Clnfft'ft Ufnlnnmn fnf Tn Mnrrnill T Every day we push the standard of the store further ahead.
ins Mores W6IC0IH6 lor io-moitow »«.t «* b. &.^t of ow^ic.
IS A FORETASTE OF THE WELCOME FOR ALL THE* MONTH | loo^wheTher^ou'comT & bS^ot"™*- ' W * Wel °° me y ° U t0
Q. o o— — o
Here's a Grocery Stock to Be Flour Department. w« have a very nne line of Export Ales
Proud Of. Most any brand you want 50-lb sack. We WlH BeU at ° 6c P er iozm -
XT. are proud of it. We want you to »<>c; 10-lb Back. 20c. Cornmeal. . FANCY CREAMERY BUTTER, large
know. Well worth being proud of It is. , Case WTiiskevs. „ -Quares, «oc.
So to tempt you to know it better we make I v "" >o jnu^oa.xsyo. Fancy large sugar Prunes, 5 lbs 25c
these Ej>ecial Prices. Mayflower Club, per quart bottle 6Oc Fancy large Frnech Prunes. 4 lbs 23c
Lerg- can fancy Feaches in eyrup lOc Old Irish Whiskey, per quart bottle. ..OOc Package seedless Raisins, fancy 10c
Large can fancy Pears In eyrup 10c Golden Stag, per Quart bottle 75c 3 lbi fancy evaporated Apples 25c «
Large can fancy Plums in syrup 10c Old Harvest Home, per quart bottle... 90c 5 lbs fancy dried Plums * 25c
Large can fancy Apricots in syrup lOc Diamond Seal, per quart bottle 50c 4 pkgs fancy Figs 25e
Large can fancy Grapes in eyrup lOc Old Private Stock, per quart bottle... .5Oc 6 lbs evaporated Peaches 25c
Bugar Corn, worth 15c, 3 cans 2.1c American Club, flasks 25c „ ' „•¦_____ «___ ..t j. n ~
Sunraj- Corn, worth 20c. 2 cans 25c Old Tom Gin OOc <« paCKageS Gtrape-UutS 20C.
wSsSsssi.^s.s. jSvs Nice Fat Mack * rei 5c Each - Moc s a lb r java c ° ffee - ™ th *%, 00
Sugar-Cured Meat Department. Extm god" mo* c^" worth' 25V* '
Galilean .a^^ch^worth <0c._
Ga!lon C can' ' fanVy "Pears.' " worth' 40c".'"*** Bweet° U SugaV Cured" "Eastern" ' Bacon.^ Ctold^Mocha Coffee, worth isc. 8^ QO
Oan^-fa.VyApHcotsVtonh^ Sw|C^ Cai^a' H** ° Oggrg^^j^^ 00c
rinesrc a ne"su & a'r22-ibs:?Ioa WS^^^^M ™ * = « "&. 35c
3 f >c bottle Lemon Extract , Kc 10-lb palls California Lard ...fl.2O P« r "> 50c
J^ bottle Vanlla Extract lOc Nice fat Mackerel, worth 10c. each.. 5c All Packages OATS and CREAM FLAKES,
MAIL ORDERS will be filled and shipped Fancy fat Mackerel, worth 20c. each. lOc . 3 for 25c.
2 ib, Ensiuh waCt P s U . y : =5c SSOffi^MMWM ni „ Select Vintage Wines.
2 lbs Soiuhell Almonds 25c 3 large Bloaters 10c Riesling, quart bott es 30c
Kilberte per 1b 15c Fancy white Siberia Codfish, 2-lb Sauterne, quart bottles 33c
-' Iba Pecans _ 25c brick *5c Zinfandel, quart bottles 2Oc
Brazils, per 1b „ 2Oe 7 cans Deviled Ham 25c Burgundy, quart bottles 35c
l»ure Pepper, AJlsplce, Cinnamon. Cloves. 4 large cans Deviled Ham 2£e Port, quart bottles ...25c
Ginger. Mustard, all kinds, per pound, 20c Good Sardines, per can £c Sherry quart bottles. 35c
| large heads Cabbage... 10c 8 cans Red Salmon 25c Muscatel, quart bottles 30c
Ra«lsh«. per dcVeri Tbunches 12%c _. , . „ , n « nl1r Tokay, quart bottles ..40c.
Lettuce, per dozen bunches I2%e whiskey in Bum. Do You Want Potatoes P
New B n^Me e r r |o° Z Z e e n n OSSStlggSK *£* SStfSJ^. BOO sacks to be sold in this sale at *1.05
Bleach** Celerj-. j^er dozen bunchee.. 35c gal. f 2^5. These are no dark cellar Per hundred.
Lar?e Squash, each 5c goods but the cream of Kentucky bour- Fancy email Navel Oranges, worth
rinest IMatoes, by sack *1.S5 b on whiskeys bought direct from the dls- 16c, 1 dozen. .... 5c
Finest Dry Onion... by fack $2.10 tilleries Our Baltimore Special, per gal.. 800 sacks of Flour will be sold at OOc
Merced £w«?t Potatoes; by eack. £1.75 $2.50, "is one of the finest Maryland Byes per sack. Can you use one? .
FANCY CREAMERY BUTTER., large ever brought to this Coast. We have the Finest cane Sugar. 22 lbs. '^S 0
squares. 4Oc. cole agency for these goods. . Large sacks Rolled Oats... 2Oe ";
'af-R'-T ''ArTtTFTCF.S— What seems impossible ls made pos-° Compare the Above Prices With Prices You
elble in this ever buiy Home Supply Market. What other con- Have Been Paying Your Groceryman. '
cerns cannot or win not do this firm can and will do. It will We buy for cagh an dsell for cash. You help pay no one
acri ? ces most all other houses consider foolhardy, elge . 8 b ,,,J when you trad€ here .
££rL ? a ' P erha P" °f the public unacquainted with our «>n- We have employed extra help and have added a number
\%¥?P rlne m *"thods think too extraordinary to be true. To the f t delivery wagons, , which will enable us to wait on
, . vv a re C' y ls unnecessary, to the latter we offer a multitude d deliver your orders promptly. ,
of stubborn facts that will overwhelm all skepticism— if our ve- * IVPI . nDnP n- Tn »i • pAiTnoPTHP CITV
racity lg at any time qucstloned-no more convincingly than dur- VVE DELIVE !•* ORDER _-> TO ALL PA 7 To OF THE CITY
J ing the pale of our great bargains in eatables. WE SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE. Q
SDDft AT' 5 ? M ADKFT 1049 MarKct St.
l*JjSrSX>\j£r\ JL hJ JL Y A £1M>IJ JL phohb mint wot.
December 15. 1000.— This ls to certify that 1
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
$1de. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him ot
115-117 Mason St., San Francisco, and not?
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. "Wons Him. and that othej
sufferers may be relieved, and I will ba glad to
certify to this in person to any one that maj
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN AtLANSOJT,
Orchard vie.. Elmharat, Alameda County, CU,
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. «. 1900.— To -whom
it may concern: This is to certify that DH.
WONG HIM of U5-H7 Mason st, San Fraa»
Cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
in every sense of the word, aad an honorably
man in all his dealings. DR. C A. GAY.
Dentist, 902 Second ave., Seattle, Waah.
TO THEPUBLIC,
I have been woader-
fully cured of fits and ot
#JiSJgsU«ii<6« hip trouble by the fi-
mous herb doctor. Won*
*5Sjt^ » Him, of 115-117 Mason
oj'f ~ I 8t -> s - B\ I was nearly
Qb»SN 5 dead when I cams to
mS/Smf him and the fits I haj
wera dreadful, but I ara
> j|€ji£*7 1 *'^ jSj^w enjoying perfect health
Wt^^^S— »flfi*^\vSi now - I can teli any onm
T *K®|iS<«3wtXK4> o f tha cure*
ho haa mads for ma.
I came from Meridian, Sutter County, CaJ. f
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured mo of ail
my ailments. MRS. CHAS. E.' DOTY,
Meridian. Sutter County. r^» L
January 21, 1902.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHY ALL COUGHS
ARE DANGEROUS
t
NO MATTER HOW SLIGHT.
All coughs are caused by an Irritation or
Inflammation of the membrane lining the
air passages in the throat, bronchial tubes j
and lungs, and no matter how slight are !
a menace to the' life of the individual
suffering from the same.
All cases of bronchitis, pneumonia ant
consumption are in the first place con-
tracted through the membrane lining- the
air passages. Every day, especially at
this season of the year, we inhale the
germs of these diseases in every breath.
If the respiratory organs are inflamed or
irritated, no matter to how small an ex-
tent, these germs find lodgment on the
inflamed surfaces, receive nourishment,
and multiply with great rapidity.
The germs of an ordinary cough on'y
live from five- to nine days, during their
life inflame the membrane and thus the
germs of other diseases are enabled to ob-
tain a foothold.
Heretofore there was some excuse for
neglecting a cough or cold, as no stom-
ach medicine ever invented could do any-
thing but deaden the effects of cough
germs. £ .
Now, however, it is only through negli-
gence that these germs are allowed to
exist for twenty-four hours, for Hyomei,
the new dry air germicide, is the first and
only remedy known that will destroy the
germs causing respiratory diseases and
which' can be inhaled in the air we
breathe, the method by which such germs
can be reached.
There is now no necessity for any man,
woman or child suffering with coughs,
colds, catarrh, croup, bronchitis or con-
sumption, if they will take the advice of
the United States Health Reports and
breathe Hyomei daily.
Hyomei ls sold by all druggists i or : sent by
mall. You can* get a trial outfit for 25c or a
complete ona for $1.00. You can also receive
a five days' treatment free by applying to The
R. T. Booth Co.. Ithaca. N. Y. :
WINE GRAPES SCARCE.
Pay big money— $2O a month-
three years— 2 Ives you a compe-
tence.
Particulars of
MARK LANE,
634- Market St.
R ad way's
Pills
7 Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. \ Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ¦ -
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver," 1 Bowela ' Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, ' Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Files and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera, 26o a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. RAD WAY * CO., New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
at^a^wHHtfS. ¦ .^^^ ,^^^ : -.;..-.
All of the above items are for sale at Market-street Store ONLY.
Hundreds and hundreds of odds and ends were discov-
ered at stock-taking time. 'These must be cleaned out at
once. Many short pieces at half the original priceand some
even further reduced. No reserve, no limit — every odd end
in the store cut for an immediate clearance. Positively the
greatest values of the year.
Sash Curtains —
Over 150 short ends of sash curtains turned up during our stock-
taking — many of these are fine Irish Point curtains, some Brussels net,
some fishnet and some Swiss- — come in white and ecru — from \ z /x to 2
yards long — some of them are slightly soiled and sold as high as a
dollar a yard — a great bargain for housekeepers who are looking for
sash curtains— any in the lot 25c Each
Remnants of Figured Taffeta, Suiting — '
From 3 to 10 yards in a piece — some in solid colors and some in
shaded effects — full 38 inches wide — such shades as new blue, garnet,
brown, helio, green, old rose, etc.— an elegant assortment — all styles
and colorings — sold from 40c to 50c a yard — any remnant in the lot
..19c Yard
Remnants of Black Camel's Hair Cheviot—
A fine, heavy quality — for outing suits, separate skirts, etc. — a fast
midnight black— 37 inches wide— extra weight and finished unusually
well — sold at 50c arid 60c a yard — a great value — any remnant in the
lot •• ....33c Yard
Remnants of Regular* Dollar Brazilian Glace Mohair —
A grand, heavy quality, suitable for underskirts, .traveling dresses,
bathing costumes, separate skirts— a very brilliant, silky finish black,
guaranteed fast — full 48 inches wide, an extra heavy, iron frame weave
— this' fabric never sold for Ies3 than $1.00 a yard — all short ends con-
taining from i}4 to 9 yards — to be sold at 50c Yard
Odd Bath Towsls-
Bleached towels, nearly as large as bath sheets^ — unusually good grade,
snow white and soft and durable — fine nap and generally sold_at 35c
each — any towel in the lot 25c Each
Double Bed Sheets—
' An odd lot of about 100, regular 55c double bed sheets, will go on
sale to-morrow — well hemmed, fully bleached — a wonderful value —
while they last 47j^c Each
IiJkRnE I J^^t^^r^fegS^y^
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago, New York, Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
information address
L. M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Aeent,
126 California st. San Francisco. CaL
Has "a professional frame fit—
x ter" for whose exnert services
in adjusting or fitting eye-
glasses and spectacles there is
absolutely no charge.
JQA2 Market 5i\^
The "Dr. 5r: Allen Electria
Beit" (irltii • u b p e n sory) ls
guaranteed -^v^ f to ' possess all tha
curative propertlM of the expensive belta
now «old by doctor* and druggists. It glyea
a very strong- current of electricity and la
easily regulated. Bound to euperseds
others. Can be had from the undersigned
cnly; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUMT. Cir-
cular free. Call <fe tddress PIERCE EI^KC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Pobv at.. Ban Franciico, or
1145 Broadway. Kaw.Tork. -
«S% CHICHCBTCR'S CNQLI8H
PENNYgOYty- F3LLS
B »~<S»"rv - . „„ OrlstasJ and Only Cenuino.
P-r/rJWJSSArE. Ah»»« reliable. Ladle*. *»k Dragft*
f>S\ Kvji for CHICHKSTKK'S TCNGLXSH
tr*>»**tt7K*\ In UXZO and Gold met&ais boxn. KtZd
T& ~^W«3 with bin. ribbon. T«ko to othar. Reftw«
T*l *?* *XS D«<tnu BubatUstlaas mad Imlta.
I / fo font. Bay of yonr Srngglst. or it ad 4e. la
I J» ' & iUm P* * r , P«rtJenlar«, Te.tlmonlol*
\ TJ* . f? * ni "RelUT for Ladles," in ittttr, by re.
-A. 1_A^ tarn Mall. 1 0.OO<» Tentlnoniali. Soldbj
Iftntlra tWj pap«r. Madlvcr Square, MllLi, 1*2
•i^dHsRh^Vt * E! * ** ** * non-polsosons
JvfflS3P*&^£fi li, m< P T a for ' Gonorrhoea..
Jr' 6 ! 4 . Spermatorrhoea,
jSjjffiT CURES ->*J Whites, unnatural dia-
«J^f Inlto 5 daji. Tfl charges, or nny inflammi-
ffSv Ga«»nt«d to * tion, irritation or ulcera-
n^M^fS PreTeat coniasion. tioa of El u c O a a mem-
EHTHEEvAHsCHEyoiGa. St
WkCIMCW««I.O.Rga or Bent lapwn wrappSr.
]J^^^U.S.A. >gg| by express, prepaid, for
fl.OO. or 3 bottles, firs.
0 [j Circular sent ca raqueet.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Priee Lists. Mailed
on Application:
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
JT WIT * n B0 ° Battery Street.
• I- W 1L JUH dtJ- Telephone Main 1884.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO .•SyjJ? u^"k^
OILS.
LUBRICATINO OILS. 1ZONARO & ELLI3.
418 Front at.. B. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
E-C HUGHES. -«u s^gJlt^ 3 . >.-
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
XHS HlCKfi-JUDD CO.,
__.._ . S3 Bint itrtet. Baa Franclaco.OAKLAND RACETJBACK-jSatujrfoiy^ Traclcsloppy.
3aOt>. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs ; Belling; four- year-olds^and up; to first. $325."
~~ 1 ~ r ~ ~~T ~ ~ ~ ' ~ : : Betting.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. %. S r. Fin. Owner. and Jockey. Op. Cl.
?215 Kldred, 4 102 7 8 1 ,'i 1 1 li 1 1 lAshton & Harris.. Kedfrn 1 7-10
/¦/o'VK h 1 Ivarn ' ¦*••' 107 » -2 Vj '2 h '., 2 i. a n .... a.. ur.ssim..O»Jonnr 4 .«
( :}i*V aster Lee. 0 10U S 7 1 0 1 4 1 S) H. Willis Troxler 15 25
•JJvn «r ral# ?••• 104 252 42 3h 4 3 iV, . ' E. : Cotton Hoar 7 S
:*}^2 Woeful,!*. .101. 6 4 V t 6 1 (II 6 1 I. llorehouse See 6 12
IVi.' Heraldo, B..;....-.lf* 111 lh 5 ij 0 f. M. Kane .Ransch 12 15
'i'oV- 110 . 4...... ..104 4 8^4 8 2 7 4 7 5 W. D. Hayes Dyer 100 150
¦JoJIi Ate! °S. 6 .108 9 9 9 8 2 8 ¦ S. P. Tate.....J. Woods 15 40
J202 Remora. 4 ....102 6 6 4 7 & 'J 9 Mallowmot S. F.. J. Daly 30 60
S'iPfT^*"**? 2 *^' %* :3OV4: %. l:0-Ms. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third
driving. Winner, Aihton & Harris.' blk. m. by Lord Esterling-Margaret Allan. Eldred
u i t0 run out on f ar turn, but was best. Master Lee closed strong. Ural will win
shortly. Woeful will bear watching. Heraldo bore out through stretch. Scratched — Mrs.
__BrunellJ02, The Gafflr 104, Modder 104. .
3270. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; to flrst. $325. %
T . ~ ~- ¦ j '¦ i i ~ 5~~ Bottlns.
_" Horge and Welght.lSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.; Cl. .
,?Si£!i£ d . !rondack 11C 1 ••• 2121 In Burns & Watrhs.'.Bullmn 6 • 12
•^ Ivla Talbot.... 115 -B .... 11 In 2 1 B. Schreiber. . .O'Connor 1-3 3-10
Vof^ g^ Chancellor.. IIS 4 ... 44 4 4 3n Chinn & Forsyth-.Conley 5 10
??ii Mi Reina ios 3 ... 3 2 3 2 4 5 Baldwin & Co. . .Ransom 8 10
3-33 jPrestolus m a ... 5-5 5 Jennings & Co. -J. Daly 30 100
Time — \\ :23%; %, :50^i. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns & Water
nouse 8 b. g. by AHamax- Duckling. O'Connor on favorite tossed the race away. Adiron
dack is game as a Spartan. Conley on Chancellor lost ground by wide turn into stretch.
Mi Reina in deep going next to rail.
3271. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three- year- elds and up; to flrst, $325.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. St. &. Va- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "elf.
1 Bk 2 , N'te". « ...107 1.12 2h 11 14 Mrs. P. E. Jones.. O'Con 6 10
'.:>^ J^at Morrissey. a.. 107 4 31 3 12 1 21 Dr. Rowell....J. Woods 3-5 2-5
•^f? de , star - a 101 » Oh 6 3 4(i :j n D. O'Keefe & Co..Birk 20 40
' Urn x- ?f. lon> 5 104 - 2 h . 5 5 '. 5 h 44 James. Wilson. . .McGinn . 6 • ' 12
vTn- eIlle Forest, 4.. 93 B 5 Vj 4 1 6 1 5 10 Magrane & Co.. Jackson 4 5
H,n romw eil, a 107 S 7 h " 7 1 7 10 6 1 E. \V. Purser. . .Ransom 15 BO
oJ-no S asp - 4 09 7 4 1 lh 3h 7 15 P. Howley & Co. Ransch 30 100
JCOi George Dewey. 4.. 101 5 8 8 8 8 Miss F. Reed Hoar 30 150
Time— V,- ;25%;i%j :5Oi/4: %, 1:17; %, 1:30. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner Mrs. p. E. Jones' b. g. by Islington -Joy. It must have been that Pat was ashamed
to take -the money. Nilgar outfooted the former mud wonder. Lodestar on parade again.
Ailsslon should have been closer up. Nellie Forest quit.- Cromwell, was "Ransomed "
Scratched — Idaho Chief II 0S^^ar^fall01^Ingot)2. Young Morello 104.
3272. FOURTH RACE— 1% 'miles; California Oaks; three-year-old fillies; to flrst. $2000.
Index Horse^and Weight. St. Vj. %¦ ' Str. Fin. Owner and " Jockey. Op! "ci.
|2°" M " reB , ca 112 4 15 1614 14 C. Lind Jackson " 9-5 0-5
l£% Colonial Girl ....112 H 2n 2 1, 2 2 2 5 W.M. Rogers. .. .Redfern 2 3
Ht> B oreen 112 - 3h 3434 34 Burns & Watrhs. Ransch 8 10
32.10 Magi ............112 1 4^45-48 4 10 \V. E. Applegate. .Woods 8 16
J25b Lady Sterling. .. .112 7 7 5 1-58 5 10> L. V. Bell T. Burns S 5
i£rT Dlvlna in 0 6 2 7 ti 10 6 20 Stemler & Co.. Bullman 15 12
3254 Satchel .112 5 5 4 C 2- 7 7 B. Schreiber ..O'Connor 10 20
Tll ?f— Vi. .:25; y,, :50if.; %, 1:17; m. 1:45; l&m. 1:50. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. C. Lind's br. f. by Prestonpans-Mura. With a stronger rider
up Colonial Girl would have won. Under the circumstances Muresca enjoyed a "cinch."
Lady. Sterling cut oft at start by Divina and Satchel. Scratched — Ishtar 112.
3273. FIFTH RACE— 1% miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; to flrst. $325.
Index jllorse. Age. Weight. St. %. n i. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(-T254) Diderot. 4 107 3 2 1 1 n 1 1% 1 3 J. P. Atkin O'Connor 7-10 JTs
(3262) Constable, 3 Sti -I 3 W 3 5 3 0 2 ns Bzl-11 & Lazarus. Red tern 3 9-2
S256 Com. Forster. 3.. llti 1 1 % -'2 2 n 310 J. F. Schorr.... Jackson 3 9-2
:5254 Norford, 5 100 2 4 6 45 4 G 4 8 G. W. Baldwin. .T,roxler 20 . 20
3240 iDarlene. 4 00 5 5 5 5 5 |Pr. Rowell.L.A. Jackson! 50 75
Time— y*, :26^; :32; %, 1:18%; m, 1:4.%^: l%m, l:SS%i Good start. Won all out.
Second and third driving. Winner J. P. Atkin's ch. g. by Rousseau-La Reina. Diderot a
good one in the mud. Constable outgamed Com. Forster.
3274. SIXTH RACE — Mile and fifty yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
~BeTtin*.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. %..: Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S2W1 iBab. 4 07 2 11 14 14 14 William Cahill Hoar ?» 5
3213 lUrchin. 5 Ill 3 3 2 4 5 " 2 n . 2 V t D. F Cox Redfern 15 40
3250 Formero. C 10.1 4 5 8 3 2 3 5 3 10 J. Hackett J. Woods S-5 9-5
3r46 Silver Fizz. 5... .10!i 122 2144 45 P. Corrigan Ransch 10 30
:j2i:i Lavator. « Ill 5 45 58 5 5 5 3 .1. C. Nealon.. O'Connor 8-5 2
(3250) Joe Ripley. a 114 8 Q. * 6 ' 6 6 P. G. Lane Brodlen 3 7-2
Time— V4. :23V£: J4, -.50%; %, 1:10; m. 1:44%; lm 50yds, 1:48: Bad start. Won easily.
Second awl third driving. Winntr. William Cahlll's b. m. by Belvidere-Penlnah. Bab
turned - a. triple over three elephants, two camels and a bunch of hyenas, landing right side
up. Formero ran a grand race. So didXavator. Joe Ripley almost left. - * -
WASHINGTON. N. C. Feb. 8.— Th« Atlantic
Coast Line - frelrht station, five stores, two
offices and two barrooms were destroyed by lire
to-day. Loss $50,000 on buildings and $20,000
on, goods. A falling wall killed Ed Peed a
negro fireman.
The visit of the cross country walkers
of I the Olympic Athletic Club to the
Burllngame Country Club, scheduled for
to-day, has been postponed . until next
Sunday. ' One of the entertainments
planned for the visitors was a polo game.
The heavy rain has rendered the field un
fit to play upon, hence the postponement.
Olympic Club Outing Postponed.
The sporting excursion to Vallejo under
the direction of Con Mooney, which was
to have taken place to-day, has been post
poned one week. . ,¦ ¦•; .- : j<,jx , •
Sporting Excursion Postponed.
—good old ale, and like it .with a deep
creamy head, order a bottle of EVANS',
the ale of the ce'ntury. Sherwood & Sher
wood, San Francisco, Los Angeles. Port
land, Seattle. . . . •
If You Are Fond of Ale
Coursingr was conducted under adverse
weather conditions yesterday at Union
Park. The attendance was unusually
good for a Saturday meeting, while the
rain did not affect the work of the dogs.
Sacramento Boy, winner of the special
stake last Sunday, made the best impres
sion of any greyhound in the running.
He met and defeated Fannie Hughie,
running up a score of 16 points to 2. He
showed wonderful speed and was at once
installed stake favorite at odds of 4 to
1. I<uxor and Charta are at 5 to 1, Fly
ing Fox and Tralee Boy 6, A. J. Martin 7,
Leola and Aeolus 8.
Aeolus furnished one of the surprises of
the day. He started against Merrimac at
odds of 4 to 1. He led up by two open
lengths and also scored the kill, -winning
cleverly.
In thfi open stake Silver Cloud is fa
vorite, with Anchor second in demand.
The results in detail, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Special stake — G. Nethercott's Hickory Dick
beat F. Jones' Harlean Gladys, 5-3; Alameda
Kennels' A. J. Martin beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Article, 3-2: A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat L.
M. Connell's St. Helen, 12-5; J. Cane's Green
hall beat P. Doyle's Liberator, 10-4; O. Zahl'B
Homer. Boy beat J. R. McCarthy's John Doe,
12-3; H. H. Gray's Rona beat D. J. Healey'«
Tlburon, 10-6; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey beat
McChesney is favorite
for american derby
Shares the Honor With Abe -Frank
and Runnels — Cruzados Is Next
in Favor.
CHICAGO, Feb. 8.— Concurrent with the
appearance of the Washington Park Glub
stake book comes the opening: betting: in
O'Leary's winter book on the American
Derby. McChesney, . the pride, of t Hild
reth's stable, and George C. Bennett's
Abe Frank, champion stake-winning two
year-old in the West last year, are in
stalled favorites, with John A. Drake's
winter purchase, Runnels, 'at the com
paratively, short price of 10 to 1. William
C. Whitney's grand filly. Endurance by
Right, "Lucky" Baldwin's Cruzados and
Clarence H. Mackey's Heno are rated
equally at 15 to 1. Following Is the table
of odds: <
Abe Frank 10, Aladdin 30. Allan-a-Dale 20,
Alibert 100. Allie Vlrgle 100, Andy Williams
60. Anna Elliott 500, Archie 200, Arian 60,
Arsenal 60, - Balm of Gilead 160, Barouche 150,
Baron 30, Belle's Commoner 76, Bessie Spahr
40, Blackmore 150,. Black Thome 150, Blennen
worth 100, Bon Mot 100, Cameron 60, Charles
W. Meyer 40, Compute 30, Corrigan 40^ Cru
zados 15, Cunard 60, Dark Secret 76, Dewey
100, Dixie Line 60, Dr. Burns 300. Ed Austin
75, Emshee 100, Endurance by Right 15, En
rieht 75/Escalante 50, Fromage deiBrie 200,
Glenwater 100, Gold Seeker 300, Hargls 60,
Heno 15, Hermls 100, . H. I*. Coleman 100,
Henry Zltt 50. Homestead 25. Hopedale 500,
Hot 200. Hunter Ralne 100, Huzzah 100. Hy
phen 30. Igniter 50, Indian II 100, Inspector
Shea 75, Inventor 150, , Jack de Mund 100,
Jaubert 30, Jed 100, J. V. Kir by 40, J. W.
Rhodes 200, Kaffir 200, Keynote 75, Larry
Young 75, Leonora Loring 75, Leroyd - 300,
Lord Quex 50, Lou Woods 1C0, Luden Appleby
50, McChesney 10, Memnon 60. Merriment 70,
Merrymaker 200. Nellie Waddell 100, Northern
Star 200, Old England 30, Oom Paul 30, Otis
60. Owenton 100, - Pentecost 30, • Picquart 100,
Prowl 200, Quaker 500, Red Hook 100, «ed Tip
75; Remors«150. Runnels 10, Sambo 100, San
Nicolas 40. Ellpthrif t 75, Sombrero 30, South
Trimble 60, St. Tammany 100. The Giver 60,
The Ladean 300. Tim D 200. Tom Keene 200.
Trailmore . 100, Waswlft 40, . Waterboy 100,
Wyeth 25. '
Whist and Chess Tournament.
A triangular : tournament in whist will
be played Tuesday evening in the rooms
of the Western Addition, Chess, Checker
The hardy Olympians were not dismayed
at the thought of muddy roads.
Open 'Stake — Belle Rocket, -O'Hara, Tapioca-
Elista, Boodle Boy, Fair Glen, Roy Hughle,
Cozy. .Sempronlus, White Hat, OHta, Anchor.
Silver Cloud, Royal Friend, Lear King, Gram
ercy. : ', ... . I ¦;
Special stake — A. J. Martin. Luxor, Rona.
Bonnie, Pasha, Freda C, Fiery Face, America,
TraJeeBoy, Aeolus, Sacramento Boy.
nels' Lawrence. 11-9; Kelly & Hanley's Fearful
Ship beat E. Geary's Little Jim, 2-0; J. Trade's
Cozy beat Pasha Kennels' Roving Arab, 14-9:
Chiarini Bros.' Sempronlus beat J. Sutton's
Blue Ribbon, 26-11; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat
beat J. A. Klein'a Coronado, 9-6; Pasha Ken
nels' Rustic Arbor beat T. Coleman's Cotton
Ball, 8-ti; E. Neave's First Foot beat J. C.
Thompson's Pasha's Promise, 15-6; Sterl &
Knowles' OHta beat Pasha Kennels' Rich Ar
gosy, 16-0; G. B. Merrill's Warpath beat Pasha
Kennels' Regal Attire, 0-6; T. W. Bartel's
Bogus Brummel beat J. F. Badt's Lovina, 4-0;
A. R. Curtis' Anchor beat J. Dempsey's Jingle
Bells, 8-4; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat
Kelly & Hanley's Luchmagh Lad, 9-4; W. C.
de B Lopez's Peplta beat J. H. W; Mutter's
Cruiser. 2-O; C. Glock's Alameda Lad beat W.
C. de B. Lopez's Jewess, 12-0; A. McLeod's
Royal Friend beat W. C. Badger's Alert. 3-2;
A. Van der White's Lear King beat Pasha
Kennels' Reckless Admirer, 11-5; Alameda
Kennels' Lilac beat Kelly & Hanley's Preclta
Maid, 8-2; J. Hurley's Gramercy beat D
Roche's All Green. 12-4; P. M. Curtis' Sir Pitt
beat W. H. Hoag's Cecil M, 7-4.
The .winners In the first round to-day
look to be: -
A. Van der "White's Flora McDonald, 6-0: E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Chiarinl Bros.'
Tame Tralee, 8-1; G. Nethercott's Freda C beat
E. Geary's Ireland, 7-3; A. R. Curtis' Flying
Fox beat C. W. Bonar's Wild Norah, 4-2;
Pacha Kennels' Fiery Face beat A. R. Curtis'
War Eagle, 4-3: A. R. Curtis* Leola beat E.
Geary's Fenif, 8-7; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad
beat P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant, 3-1; A. R.
Curtis' Kibosh beat E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle,
0-6; E. Geary's America beat A. R. Curtis' Vul
can, 6-2; T. J. Cronln's Tralee Boy beat Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete, 4-1; Pasha Kennels'
Rocker beat G. Nethercott's Red Rock. 4-2;
'Aeneld Kennels' Aeolus beat Alameda Kennels'
Merrimac, 12-7; D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy
boat E. Geary's Fannie Hughle. 16-2; A.'R.
Curtlns' Charta beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal, 3-2.
Open stake— O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat T.
W. Bartel's Bogus Baron, 3-0; J. Trade's Belle
Rocket beat Li M. Connell's Republic, 16-4:
O. Zahl's O'Hara .beat Alameda Kennels'
Clarice, 12-8; J. Hurley's Living Picture beat
B. Senderman's Comlque, 8-7; D. J. Healey's
Tapioca beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Biackford
Lad, 18-3; D. J. Healey's Elista beat Aeneld
Kennels' Fine Fire 19-0: W. Cairn's Imperial
beat W. C. Glasson's Lady Sears, 5-4; W.
Cairn's Gold Ore beat II. Kolander's Master
Whalen, 7-5; J. Hurley's Riley Grannan beat
A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord, 9-7; L. S. Barre's
Boodle Boy beat Chiarini Bros.' Santanin, 8-4;
J. Sheridan's Forest Queen beat A. R. Curtis'
Galatea, 10-4; H. Schaffer's Fair Glen beat F.
S. Cheetham's Representative, 6-0; E. Geary's
Roy Hughle beat A. Hellmuth's Areea Nut,
14-6; A. R. Curtis' Wapsee beat Pasha Ken-
and Whist Club, 2206 Fillmore street.
Teams will represent the San Francisco
Whist Club, the TrisV Duplicate Whist
Club and the Western Addition Club.
Euch club will be represented by its
strongest twelve players.
A chess tournament will be held on the
26th and 2Cth insts., each of the clubs fur
nlahing five players. The committee hav
ing the tournaments in charge is made up
of G. P. Woodward, J. H. Harboar and
F. L. de Long.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 8.— Dr. Joseph V.
Berry of Chicago, editor of the- Epworth Her
ald, was tendered a. reception In this city last
night by the members of the local Epwortti
League and other young people's organization!
of the various churches.
General Smith will be banqueted at the
Palace Hotel next 'Saturday evening. Hon.
Frank J. Murasky. . president of the ex
ecutive committee, set the day yesterday
and Instructed Secretary Edward Lande
to notify the guests.
Banquet to General Smith.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 8. — Crescent City
summary: " .
First race, six furlongs, selling— Haide won,
Maf-terful second, Ranco third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth — Blue
Ridge won, Leroy second, . Castiron third.
Bab. winner of the last race, was bid up
$300 over her entered selling price of $400
by Johnny Schorr. The stable retained
the mare.
Bullman has engaged to ride McChesney
in the Memphis Derby for Sam Hildreth,
The stewards decided that in future the
entry of Bob Palmer would be refused.
Track Notes.
SACRAMENTO BOY WILL BE THE FAVORITE
Time. 1:52. ". . . .
Third race, handicap, seven furlongs— Malay
won. Death second, Grantor third. Time,
l:20K>-
Fourth race. Clubhouse Handicap, one mile —
El Ghor won, Star Cotton second Dandy H
Time. 1:43.
Fifth race, mile and a quarter, selling: —
Elghor ¦won, Star Cotton second, Dandy H
third. Time, 2:12 Vj.
Sixth race, selling:, one mile — Carl Kahler
won. Garter Ban second, Eva Rice third.
Time, 1:43.
and will pilot Lord Quex In the Crescent
City Derby. The latter, is owned by: Al
bert Simons. »' . ;-
More than 300 members of the Veteran
Volunteer Fire Department sat down to
a banquet at the Cosmos Club last even
ing. The officers elected at a previous
meeting were inducted into office. Presi
dent Stephen Bunner was toastmaster.
An enjoyable evening was passed.
Veteran Firemen's Banquet.
Gnitli Verein Ball.
King Carnival reigned supreme at the
San Francisco Turner Hall last night, th«
occasion being the annual masquerade
ball of the San Francisco Grutli Verein,
The festivities commenced at 8 o'clock,
and by midnight the hall was filled with
merrymakers clad in costumes represent.
ing numerous historical and grotesque
characters. The latter In particular were
well sustained and _evoked considerable
merriment
The following committees had the af
fair In charge: j
Committee of arrangements— ¦William Kellei
and Charlea Gut. Reception committee — John
Leutenegger. Peter Streiff. Henry Stelner.
Louis Hauser. John Casti. Jul. Bonadurer. Ed
Suter^ Fred Ibach. Joseph Furrer. A. Zurfluh.
Fred Jtadolflnser. Ed Kunz, G. Palanca, Ul
rich Gicgg, John Neukom and John Frel. Flooi
committee— Charles H. Mueller (manager) J
Charles Gut and G. Deucher (assistants).
Committee of arrangements- — Joseph Oker
blad, Mrs. G. A. Hult, Dr. O. Gruffgle. Mrs.
Dr. Anderson. O. O. Ryden and Mrs. E.
Johnson. ReceDtlon committee — G. A. Hult,
Mrs. J. A. Johnson, Edw. Johnson, Mrs. G. R.
Ltndbers and J. L. Jacobson. Floor manager,
Ernest Westellus. Floor committee — Dr. G. E.
F. Anderson. Mlsa Ella. Nelson. Gust 'Wallln
and H. P. Forsberg.
Arrayed in costumes resplendent In col
or, the Swedish Relief Society celebrated
Its tenth annual masquerade ball at Un
ion Square Hall last 'night. The decora
tions were profuse and served well as a
background for the many colors worn by
the maskers. The customary grotesque
characters were much in evidence and
furnished the fun for the occasion.
The success of the affair is due to the
following committees: ¦
Swedish Masquerade.
BOSTOX, Feb. 8.— The . Boston Athletic
Association held Its winter indoor ath
letic meeting at Mechanics' building: to
night, exceeding all its previous efforts
in bringing tog-ether well-known athletes.
No record was smashed, the sprints by
necessity being broken into many heats
and the track being too crowded in the
distance runs to permit any brilliant
burst of speed. The number of men com
peting was nearly 500.
Notable Indoor Athletic Meet.
Sigouraey Is Defeated.
XEW YOHK, Feb. S-— One of the closest
matches of the class A billiard tournament
took place to-night between Wilson H.
Sigourney of San Francisco and Dr. L. L..
Mial of the local organization. The game
was replete with brilliant plays and the
result was in doubt up to the last inning.
Dr. Mial winning out by a score of 400 to
294. Score:
lli&l— 1, 15. 8, 6, 1. 10, 1. 39, 0, 0. 0, 1, 0,
0. 0. 0. 3, 0. 5, 5, 0. 12, L 0, 0, 1, 5, 4, 2,
5. 0. 15, 17. 3, 6, 2. 4, 0. 2, 10. 2, 1, 10. S.
S. 2. 0, 3. 4, 5. 0, 23. 0, 0. 0 0, 37. 21. 0.
4. 13. 24. 2. 1. 3. 1. 5. 14, 4, 1. 5. 2. 11. 3.
». Total. 400. AVkrage, 3 25-78.
• Sigoumey— 1. S. IS, 3, 21, 4. 0, 10. 7. 2, 0,
0, 10, 10. 4. 15, 0, 10, 8. 19. C. 12, 1, 2, 0, 0,
1, 10. ». 2. 0. 5. 1, 0. 10. 4. 0. 0. 2, 0. 1. 3.
2, 15. 2, 2. 0, 0, 4, 4, 0 1, 1, 7, 4, 11. 2. 12,
' 4. 1. 1, C. 3. 25, 4, 5. 8. 33. 0, 0. 0. 1. 5. 5.
Total. 394. Average, 5 19-75.
It Is g-ood to gra^p an honest hand — con
' cisting of four acers.
The vagaries of form were vividly il
lustrated in the closing mile and fifty
yard run. A universal plunge cut the
price against Bab from 10 to 4, and the
mare won all the way. Formero, the fa
vorite, lost the place to Urchin.
Jack Atkin's Diderot went to the post
a 3 to 5 chance for the mile and a fur
long run, and, hustled along at the close,
led out Constable three lengths. Com
missioner Forster lost second place by a
nose only.
Strangely enough, Pat Morrissey, a 2 to
5 favorite, could not outrun Nilgar for
the seven furlong run, the outsider romp
ing in first by four lengths. Lodestar, a
40 to 1 chance, downed the poorly handled
Mission for the show.
Overconfidence on the part of O'Connor
undoubtedly lost the two-year-old half
mile dash lor the 3 to 10 favorite, Sylvia
Talbot. She took the lead almost from
tne start, and in the stretch appeared to
be winning Easily. In the last seventy
yards Buliman on Adirondack drew his
whip and the game little fellow forged
ahead, beating the favorite a neck. High
Chancellor was third.
on nil recent mud lonn tne black mare
Eldred looked a "moral" for the first of
tenns en the card, a five furlong sprint,
and her odas rapidly fell from even money
to 3 to 5. fane tried to run out around the
iar turn, but outfooted El Karri in the
run home, winning, ridden out, by a
length. Master Lee closed well, taking
the show.
>Vhile it was expected that favorites
would have things tneir own way, Kldred,
Muresca and Diderot were the only suc
cesstui ones. . Adirondack, Nilgar and
Bab ail scored at long odds.
Muresca, a 3 to 5 favorite, went to the
front and leading by a hair-dozen lengths
throughout won easily from Colonial Ulri.
Redfern, a feather-weight, roue the lat
ter and could not help tier the least. Do
reen ran third, and an unsatisfactorny
decided $2500 stake is a thing or the past.
Satchel nnished last, beaten fifty lengths.
"W. jy£. Rogers, owner of Colonial Girl,
supposed up to noon yesterday that
O'Connor was to ride his filly. Arriving
at the track he discovered the New York
Jockey was to pilot Satchel, absolutely
without a chance. On her recent bad per
formances she was not expected to start.
However, Barney Schreiber claimed that
he engaged O'Connor three months ago
to ride his entry, through "Dutch" Lewis,
then manager for O'Connor. Three weeks
ago 'Willie i)oane, "vhe ex-jockey and valet
tor O'Connor, toid \V. M. Kogers O'Con
nor could riae Colonial Cxirl in the OaKs.
Many are inclined to thuiK Lynch got in
some of his sIIck worK and reimbursed
Schreiber to start Satchel. O'Connor
knew the latter nny had no chance and
said so after the race. At the post tne
latter ricer, In connection wltn Bullman,
tools pretty gooa care o£ L. V. Bell's en
try, Lady Sterling, cutting Burns oil as
soon as tne barrier was released. .
One. regrettable feature of the race was
that a. dispute over the services of Winnie
O'Connor, on a ruling of the Judges, with
the evidence before /them; prevented Co
lonial Girl, undoubtedly the best of the
seven starters, from winning. As Is ap
parent to every ! race-gcer who can dis
guish a cabbage from a Hubbard squash
on a vegetable stand, it is known that
Danny Lynch owns Muresca.
filly Muresca, ridden by Lee Jackson,
spreadeagled her field for the California
Oaks, over one mile and a furlong, yester
day, at Oakland track. Nobody doubted
the winner's ability as a mudlark, but as
to whether or not she would go the dis
tance was the. question in abeyance. ;
IN the face of an enfilading downpour
of rain and before a large throng of
race-goers, seasoned and prepared
for any sort of weather, the brown
Colonial Girl Finishes Second and Doreen Third-Sylvia Talbot Beaten by
Adirondack, a 12 to 1 Shot— Pat Morrissey, an Odds-On Choice, Runs
Second to Nilgar-Bab Is Plunged On and Suddenly Regains Her Speed
MURESCA, RIDDEN BY LEE JACKSON,
ROMPS IN FOR THE CALIFORNIA OAKS
1JHB SAN FRANCISCO OALI^ SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
24
TURF COMMISSIONERS
Booms 1, 2 and 3... ...113 Stockton Street, near O'Farrell.
San Francisco. Telephone Black 3087.
/:-]/ "' ¦ '? ' ' — -
OUR FIGURES ARE BASED ON THE CLASS AND FORM OF HORSES 'AND JOCK- /
ETS. AS SHOWN IN.' ACTUAL RACES. AND NOT: ON "INFORMATION" or PRIVATE -
"TIPS," the results being that we have given our subscribers nearly
59 Per Cent of the Winners
Our. "compounding system" of playing Is the safest and . most profitable ever devised.
Call or, write for free explanation.
THE- ONLY RIGHT WAY TO PUY THE RACES. .
TERMS ''.REDUCED (during California season only) to $2.00 per
day or $10.00 per week.. :? / , ?
- ITe-w York Of flee— Rdbms 804, S05, 806 . Park . Row Building'
:'--""..¦ ¦:..-'¦ " ¦ . . ... ..,'< '- ¦ :. ¦ ' .....-., ° . h
= STEBLmG FURNITURE =
Rosbvry Carp:t — Ihc carpet with the black lines on the back.
Nearly everyone knows Hi valve.
Sewed, Lined and Laid On Your Floor!
\
. Bright, Ircsh patterns. Some with borders, some without — and thou-
sands ol yards with which to Ml your orders.
The sale is not limited to a lew patterns or a lew remnants.
Brml vs lhe measures o! yoar small rooms. We have a numb:r o!
Short Lengths of Other Carpets
(12 TO 25 YARDS IN A PIECE.)
That we will be glad to dose out— that you will be glad to have,
At J£ Less Than the Usual Price.
We naturally expect a busy time in our carpet depart-
ment, and as a consequence we cannot send samples to out-
of-town customers or accept mail orders for these carpets.
\
1039 MAMCET STREET,
• opaosiTE McAllister.
AH EXP.LflHATIOH TO DISORDERED MEN
. ¦ s* : vT ""? IN SEARCH OF
A A PROPER TREATMENT.
frf? *^|fF^fy*i We do not delude ourselves for
f<n I one moment that we are the only
t! hu. 'm^tvil specialists in the country that
r^^^^^^^ij cure the so " ca^ ed "Weakness of
i Men," but we do wish to intro-
J \^^^^O|V duce to patients of this class cer-
, k\\>+> ta^ n sunc^ r y opinions we hold upon
li—V x^ such cases » wn i cn » although they
fej \ yi J /j may be at variance with ideas
u \ hA/i • // S enera^y received, we are con-
t. u talcott, m d vinced from practical experience
Q Strictly reliable. Estab. 15 Vears^ „ rm „„„.
'•- ¦>•'•' • ¦ ' , • ¦
THERE IS A TENDENCY NOWADAYS TO ASCRIBE CASES OF LOST VTTAL-
Hy to lack of nerve force and to treat them as such, with tonics, electricity and
stimulants, resulting in the most temporary benefit, if at all «ao
. *.£?J? r< i e l tO sain true and clear views as to the probable Influence of the nerves as
ft. k ' . made many observations and examinations and have supplemented
them by long continued and extended experiments. These experiments have been un-
biased by any theory and have not been prejudiced by any Ideas or view? o* m? owS :
my aim has not been to theorize, but put a prDper interpretation on the facts carefully
elicited and the appearances presented. As a result of these observations and practical
experience I have been r convinced that the nerves play but a subsidiary role !n the pro-
duction of the disorders. It is very unusual to find any trouble, in an otherwise strong
man. other than a damaged prostate or deep urethral inflammation, particularly in
those whose disorders originated in too long continued and too often repeated excite
m 1 nt ' ?V he har , mful Influence exercised by an ill treated contracted disorder, and Iff
exhausted nerve force seemed to be present It Is only as a concomitant or Derhans
we may say a complication of chronic prostatltls. and disappeared with its cure
Btill further these facts are verified by purely local featment. P ?or procedures dire^l
ed toward repairing the damaged gland are always iswarded by the most brilliant
cures. Colored chart sent securely sealed on application '
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON.
Hyperdermic Injection the Modern Treatment.
After ten years' use of this method we have had no reason to change: on the con-
trary, our belief increases daily from reports of patients treated wno have married
and suffered no relapse. It offers the following advantages, viz.: Saves time forthe
physician and patient, as well as labor, office visits being rendered Infrequent Be!
sides, little change Is necessary in diet or habits of life the disease 'la 1 rVartiiv -™
sstss sssfRssara SAtasr-^S^SF" 5 as&ai
CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
ALL VARICOCELES SHOULD BE CURED*
mmsmsm
Dr, Talcott^ Co, 997 SlS-ct,
RETAIL PRICES
CUT IN TWO.
T ARGE wholesale stock of choice
¦^ new and used Pianos will be
sacrificed Tuesday. . Ridiculously
low prices and on the most favor-
able terms and easy payments.
See announcement— "Pianos Take
Another Tumble" — -In to-morrow's
issue.
653 iVlarket St., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEJIENTS.
A Discovery of a Remsdy Has Been Made
That Restores Lost Manhood and Gives
Man the Vitality of a Lion.
One Week's Trial Package Sent Free to All
Men Who Write For It,
Regenerative Tablets is the "only recognized effect and the patient feels th« benefit aft**
positive and permanent cure for Lost Manhood its first day's use. It ffoea direct to th» seat
In all' its forms and stages. of the trouble, no matter of how Ions stand-
It is scientifically prepared by the best chem- tag, giving strength and development where It
lsts in the world. The reputation of the in- is needed. This marvelous remedy banishes all
stitution is such, that all physicians know feelings of bashfulness toward the opposite sexj
when they stand sponsor for a remedy, that cures all the ills and troubles that com* from
remedy must be exactly as represented. And early abuse, excess or overwork and business
when upon their reputation they make the state- cares, all of which result In premature los»
ment that Regenerative Tablets will cure all of strength and memory; emissions, Impoteocy
cases of Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea. Vari- and varicccele. Regenerative Tablets will et-
cocele or weakness of any nature of the nerve feet a cure at any age; there Is no case- that
or sexual . organs, 'a cure must be positive and it will " not cure permanently except where
permanent. This' Company will send every epilepsy or Insanity has already been reached,
person who is suffering from nervous diseases Fa "°J>'» Lynn Co. makes no restrictions; every
« wppIc'b treatment ah«niut»iv tr** T t, o ™ i. Person who writes will be sent a week's treat-
a weeks treatment absolutely free. There is m€nt ab8O i u tely free and postpaid, carefully
but one test of a genuine medicine and that wrapped in a plain package with no advertising
is the results which are obtained by Its use; on It to Indicate what it contains. They have
if it cures the disease for which It Is prepared received thousands of letters from people all
it is a true remedy. This is the test by which ? ver th * coun *ry telling of the most astonish-
th«» TTaiinnia T ™ri rv» wi«v, ?*»!,. ~Z. -,llZ ln * c""es made by Regenerative Tablets. Their 1
rrf« %™i ?„!:«? , * w. . ¦£* one w « ek free offer l8 genuine, and no embar-
free treatment to be tried. After using Re- rassing questions asked. Write tc-<1ay to the
generative Tablets one week, the rafferer will Fallopia Lynn Co.. 720 Pozzoni building. St.j
find new vigor in his organs; new force in his Louis, Mo., and receive the week's treatment
muscles; new blood In his veins; new ambition; £f t e h : *J f lr f J?°K w £, lch f l3 f* 10 fr f* an , d 8 « nt:
a n»» man in vitoiitv hooits lr,A — — with the free treatment, will explain how tw
a new man in vitality health and appearance. ta. ke th e treatment in private and cure your-i
Regenerative Tablets has a peculiarly grateful aelf at home. your-jUnited States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
. Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— -The high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N^. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
February 8. 1902.
The Time Ball was dropped one second late
to-day. W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in charge.
To Panama — 3000 gals . wine, 430 bbls flour,
433 lbs dried shrimps, 20 crs potatoes, 20 cs
canned salmon, 294 lbs dried fruit. ' .
To Mexico— 200 bales hay, 17 pkgs dry goods.
7 pkgs groceries and provisions, 28 cs tar, 6
bales bags, 10 pkgs paints and oils, 14 kegs
powder, 409 lbs sulphur, 20 pkgs paste, 4 crs
potatoes, 872 lbs soda, 65 gals wine, 2 cs
electrical goods.
arms and ammunition. 15 pkgi agricultural
implements, 2044 lb§ bran, 20 ctls barley, 3416
lbe beans. 8 cska bottled beer. 561 lbs bread.
752 lbs borax. 5440 gala coal oil. 2140 lbs
cocoa. 171 bales cotton domestics. 125 bales
cotton. 980 lbs -cyanide of potassium, 1630 lbs
codfish. 20 bbls cement, 829 lbs dried fruit, 786
lbs dried fish. 29 pkga drugs, 140 pkgs dry
goods, 31 pkgs fresh fruit, 458 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2153 lbs grease, 741 pcs Iron,
21,742 ft lumber, 780 lbs lard. 9 bales leather,
12 cs 10 gals liquor, 1113 lbs mlllstufCs, 24 pkgs
machinery, 29 pkgs nails, 23 crs onions, 329 crs
potatoes. 24 pkgs paste. CO kegs powder, 145
pkgs paints and oils. 100 flsks Quicksilver. 27,
1T3 lbs rice, 35 bbls rosin, 100 lbs raisins, 9
colls rope, 19 cs soap, 1002 lbs soda, 268 lbs
tobacco, 1400 lbs spices, 180 lbs tea, 28.976 lbs
tallow, 128 reels barbed wire, 46 cs 1691 gals
wine, 108 cs 801 gals whisky. 1630 lbs zinc.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the samo at both places.
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 0.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth tlm* column gives the last tldo of the
day, except when there are but tbree tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey .Charts, except- when a minus ( — )
sign precedes' the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from tho depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
. MISCELLANEOUS.
- VICTORIA." Feb 8— Stmr OlymDia report*
sighting Dutch steamer (tramp) loaded, two
masts, believed to.be Dutch steamer Folmlna.
from Java for Vancouver. Gives ¦ letters J H
Q S. She was in lat 50 N. Ion 146 W.
,- TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 8, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE, velocity 28 miles por hour;
bar rou~h. ¦
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE: — Arrived Feb 8 — Stmr Umatilla,
hence Feb 6.
Sailed Feb 8 — Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Feb 8— Bark Fresno,
hence Jan 81. for Pert Gamble: Br stmr Vic
toria, hence Feb 5, for Ladysmlth: schr Sailor
Boy. hence Feb 1, for Tacoma: Br shlr> Ken
sington, from IqulQue, for Port Townsend.
Passed out- Feb 8 — Ship Ecllcse, for San
Francisco; schr Fannie Dutard. for Ventura.
SAN PEDF.O— Arrived Feb 8— Schr Meteor,
from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Feb 8 — Schr Ruth Godfrey, for Ta
cema: schr Mildred, for Willapa Harbor.
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 8 — Bktn Gleaner,
hence Feb 4.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Feb 8 — Nor «tmr Thyra.
for -San Francisco; schr A M Baxter, for
Ballarci. .
Arrived Feb S — Revenue cutter Bear. , from
cruise. . ~
TACOMA — Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Washtenaw
hence Feb 6.
Safleri Feb S — Schr Luzon, for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb S — Schr
Maria E Smith, hence Jan 26.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 8— Schr
Annie M Campbell, from Salaverry; achr Ottll
lle Fjord, from Hilo.
Sailed Feb 8 — Schr Fred J Wood, for Shanjr
ha'.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Feb 8 — Stmr
Navarro, hence Feb 6. • .
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Sailed Feb 6— Ship Alex Gibson,
for ' Ac8iH3leo. •
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Mlneola,
from Port Los Ansreles.
Sailed Feb S — Stmr Mlneola. for Port Los
Angeles. .
TACOMA, Feb. 8.— Reta Gardner, the
'.'Burglar Queen," was to-day acquitted!
pf a charge of receiving stolen goods, the
jury being out but twenty minutes.
"Burglar Queen" Goes Free.
KINGS LYNN— Arrived Feb 7— Ger bark
Blrma. from Tacoma.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Feb 7— Br into
Tasmania, hence Auz 25.
SINGAPORE— Sailed Feb 7— Br «tmr Kal
sow, for Seattle, via JaDan.
LADTSMITH— Arrived Feb 7— Ship Edward
Sewall. from Shanghai.
. MAZATLAN— Sailed Feb S— Br stmr'Guate
mala, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA — Sailed Feb 8 — Br atmr Moana,
for Sydney.
Arrived Feb S — Stmr Olymoia, from Hong
kong. •
UNION— Arrived Feb S— U S stmr Grant,
from cruise. Vancouver Island shores.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Lucaala,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Feb S — Stmr Statendam, for Rotter
dam, via Plymouth: stmr Phoenicia, for Ham
burg: atmr Aller, for Genoa; stmr Prlnzessln
Victoria Louise, for San Juan, etc (on cruis*
to West Indies and Mexico); stmr Laurentian
for Glasxow; stmr Scetla. for Genoa: stmr
Celtic, for Funchal. etc (on cruise to Mediter
ranean): stmr Saxonla, for Liverpool
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Feh 8— Stmr
City of Pekinsr, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Honekons. .
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 8— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Algiers. Naples, etc.
GENOA — Sailed Feb 5 — Stmr Amasla. from.
Hambursr. for San Francisco. •
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Feb 8 — Stmr Etruria.
for New York. >
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb S— Stmr Frieiland
from New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Nekar. for
New Tork.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr St
Paul (paused Hurst Castle at 4:45 p m)
HAVRE — Sailed Feb 8 — Stmr La Touralne
for New YorV.
2J"o Word of the XIaria.
J«o further word has been received of
th« disabled collier supposed to be the
Maria, righted off Mendocino Head by
A Stormy Ending.
The British ship Montgomeryshire,
which arrived here yesterday, 126 days
from Swansea, had a most monotonous
voyage up to within five days of reach-
Ing port. Captain Edwards declares that
most of the voyage there was no wind at
all, and when there was any It was too
Hjrht for any enthusiasm. Six days ago,
however, a snorting southeasterly gale
came along and with it a thick, wet fog,
and through this combination of elements
out of tune the Montgomeryshire fought
her way for five days. £he brings a cargo
of coal.
The Pacific Mail steamship City .of Syd
ney sailed yesterday for Panama and way
ports with about thirty cabin passengers
and a full cargo. Although she got away
from the dock en schedule time she was
obliged to anchor in the harbor until the
sea on the bar calmed down sufficiently
to Insure a safe crossing. Among the
cabin passengers were Mrs. "W. V. Bryan
and two children. Mrs. Bryan chaperones
Miss Rowpna Burns. Miss Belle Sturtde
vant and Miss Mabel Toy. The destina
tion of the party is Mazatlan.
Sydney Sails for Southern Forts.
The Pacific Mall steamship Acapulco ar
rived off the port early Friday morning,
but not until yesterday did she reach her
wharf. "When she reached the bar on Fri
day both banks were breaking fiercely,
and It was deemed safer to anchor than
to attempt the crossing. All day long
the liner bobbed at her anchor In the
vicinity of the lightship. She came Into
port about nightfall. She brought only
four passengers— a Chinese, one in the
steerage and two In the cabin. The latter
were Alfred J. Gillingham and Edward
Beard, two globe-trotting Englishmen,
who have been in South America looking
at rubber properties. Three hundred and
thirty tons of freight and sixteen pack
ages of mall was all the Acapulco brought
In her hold.
Acapulco Has Few Passengers.
. the latter -were military officers
on duty with the recruits and omcers on
their way to join their commands In the
Philippines. There were a few school
teachers, some civil employes of the Gov
ernment and a number of army women
and children. The Grant left the trans
port dock promptly at noon, but anchored
off the Presidio for several hours, the
breaking bar offering more chances for
disaster than Captain Crosky cared to
take.
The cabin passengers were:
Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Noble, Cap
tain F. P. Slviter, Second Lieutenants H. D.
Bl&sland and A. J. Woude. Assistant Surgeons
W. C. Le Compte. Joseph L. Sandford and John
A. McAllister. Miss Emllyn Mann. Chaplain W.
¦VV. Brander, Mrs. G. X. Bonford and two chil
dren. H. X. McCs.be. Miss D. Tuckerman, Mrs,
J. A. Gammlll and two children. Miss O. Mil
ler. Mrs. H. B. Orwis and three children. Mrs.
Banlett Sinclair. T. T. Is'lhlll. Mrs. E. B.
Nichols. J. M Miller. Mrs. W. P. Baker and
two children, Miss Bertha M. Fisk. Captain B.
B. Buck, wife and three children. Mlas Mabel
E. Early. Mary A Enos, "VT. W. Nichols. Louis
A, Bonlay. A. W. Parks. E. McB. Timony. wife
and thr«*e daughters. Lieutenant Colonel Davis.
A. L. Skinner. O. V. Wood. John G. Gwart
ney, James Hopper and wife. T. E. Borden.
Neville R. Baugh, wife and child. C. M. Col
ton. Mrs. H. D: Blas'.and, Mrs. J. A. McAl
lister, Mrs. TTilliara Lassiter. George E. Camp
bell. Howard Long, W. McChesney and wife,
Mrs. W. J. Corwin and three children. G. W.
Asctenbrenner B. K. Devore, Eugene Pear
eon, Mrs. C. H. Noble and two children. Mrs.
A. J. Woude. Mrs. F. O. 61viter, Miss Mc-
Klbbln, Chaplain George Robinson, wife and
*on. Amos D. Haskell. Garrett E. Barry. Louis
G. Knight and George H. Annitage.
THE United States army transport
Grant sailed yesterday for Manila
with 300 recruits and a large num
ber of cabin passengers. Among
FROM SEATTLE.
. Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridxett. 32 • hours from
Ventura. '¦*.'¦'¦ "• .'..¦'¦ " ' ¦ •
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 62 hours from New
port and -way sorts. . ... . .
: Br~: shin -Montgomeryshire, Edwards, , 126
days from . Swansea. , . -
.. , . ; .CLEARED. .
': . •¦- Saturday, February 8.
Stmr Spokane, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co. • ¦..:¦:
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama and
way ports;, Pacific Mail SSCo.- . ¦ , •
Stmr Slarra,>Houdlette. Sydney and Hono
lulu: :J D Spreckels & Bros Co. * /.
Nor. stmr -Tellus, 'Pedersen, Ladysmltb: R
Dunsmuir's • Sons. Co.
Fr bark Cassard, Allaire, Bristol; Glrvin &
Eyre. - ' '¦¦ r - '¦ . - ' • >.
.j SAILED. .
':¦ Saturday, February 8.
Etmr : Leelanaw,' Monroe'," Panama.' .
Stmr Point Arena,' . Hansen, : Mendocino. '*.
I ' Stmr Grace Dollar, Fcsen,- Grays Harbor.'
•"••¦ Btmr'-Celia.'-"Adler. Albion. • ¦ ?
jv Stmr 1 Eureka, • < Je«sen, . Eureka.
Stmr Fulton,. Levln?on, Portland. - •
'' U S stmr Grant. Croskey, Manila. V ..-•'¦> . ,
¦ Ferris S, ./Thompson, .Seattle. -. ¦ '
Schr .W 3- Patterson, Kalb/ Grays Harbor. .
- Schr. Lillebonne. Jensen, — -. .'
¦ Schr Roy Somera,' Soiland, New .Whatcom. I
. Schr' Maid of Orleans, Morris, Seattle. .
'' | " :; ¦ ¦ ¦; 'SPOKEN.- -¦. • ..
Deo 3. lat ; 48 S, '•, Ion 64 "W— Ger bark An
tigone/ from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
Shipping Intelligence.
• ARRIVED. V.
'! Saturday, February 8.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports with ' a general
cargo, valued at $78,330, manifested and des
tined e« follows: For Central America, $72,
768; Mexico, $3042; Panama,' $2520. .The follow
ing were the principal shipments:" ¦'¦.:¦« "
To Central America— 4630 bbls flour, 4 ca
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
' 7733 lbs cheese, 3310 lbs butter, 1168 lbs 87
cs bread. 20.065 lbs rolled barley, 45,074 lbs
malt. 18,254 lbs mlllstufCs, 6500 lbs 6 cs raisins,
654 lbs 3 pkga spices, 302 lbs sago, 61.160 lbs
sulphur. 6222 lbs soda, 2226 lbs seeds, 4824
gals wine, 1970 lbs lead, 65,013 ft 20 pcs lum
ber, 473 lbs lard, 11 bbls flour, '6 pkgs agricul
tural implements, 474 pkgs machinery, 393
fkga groceries and provisions, 684 lbs codfish,,
107 cs candles, 64 pkgs drugs, 8 pkgs acM, 10
cs brandy, 196 bales bags, 66 coils rope, 6 head
of cattle, 24 pkes car material, 21 pkgs i:lec
trlcal supplies, 30 pkgs assaying material. 27
cs boots and shoes, 945 lbs beans, 21 ctls bar
ley, 275 lbs chocolate, 427 es canned coods,
15 cs champagne, 67 cs liquors, 732 cs 79 gals
whisky, 146 cs fuse, 9000 lbs bluestone, 4585
lbs copper, 29 pkga dry goods, 6301 lbs dried
fruit, 6 cs gin, 200 pkgs hardware, 828 tales
hay. 264 pkgs paints and oils, 293 crs onions,
2OC2 crs potatoes, 60 flsks quicksilver, 44 pkgs
nails, 1403 lbs starch, 31 bdls wire, 1661 lbs
tea, 7 bbls rosin, 274 rails, 115 bdls paper, 1
cs opium. 18 pkgs tobacco, 2027 lbs tin. 200 lbs
wax. 2545 lbs 491 pkjrs paste, 30 bdls rubber
poods, 125 bdls steel. 26 cs stationery. 50 pkgs
ebingles, 472 bdls shocks, 56 cs canned salmon.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed Friday
for Guaymas, carried a large cargt> of mer
chandise and produce, destined for various
Mexican ports, valued at $94,451. Among the
j.rincipal Ehipments were the following:
The Curacao's. Cargo.
255.465 rals wine, S234 pigs lead, 5542 lbs
paris preen, 90 pkgs sea shells, 3 pkgs soap,
:: cs electrical goods, CS,1<X> lbs dried prunes,
fcO.735 lbs glue, 391 sks cattle horns, 1!)77 cs
canned goods, GO cs honey, 100 logs hardwood,
20 pkgs rope, 178 bales junk, 16 pkgs ma
chinery. 33.SG0 lbs dried hides. Also 9 cs
canned fruit and 5 cs canned 'salmon for
Kingston, Jamaica, valued at $57.
The steamer Leelanaw sailed yesterday for
Panama with an assorted . cargo, destined for
New York, valued at $122,755. The cargo In
cluded the following merchandise and pro
duce:
Merchandise for New York.
Tb« French bark Cassard -was cleared yes
terday for Bristol, with 66,746 ctls wheat,
valued at $73,420, and 22,000 feet lumber as
dunnage, valued at ?330.
. The French bark Francolfie d'Ambolse was
cleared Friday for Queenstown for orders,
with 62.043 ctls wheat, valued at $67,470, and
22,000 feet lumber as dunnage, valued at $330.
Wheat for Europe.*
The French bark Alice Is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 28s Od. The barkentine
Kllkltat will load lumber at Ludlow for Hono
lulu. The schooner Manila loads lumber at
Gamble for Taku, 47s Od.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Sacramento River steamer Apache,
when docking yesterday at Clay-street
wharf, poked her stern aboard the United
{states navy training station tender Active
and carried away a few stanchions.
Apache Collides "With Active.
The United States Fish Commission
boat Albatross went to Mare Island yes
terday, where she will be placed on the
drydock and given an overhauling pre
paratory to taking her regular cruise.
Albatross at Hare Island.
Stemberg at Fulton Works.
The Fulton Iron Works have been
awarded the contract for replacing the
condemned boilers of the United States
quarantine tender General Stemberg. She
was towed to the Iron works yesterday
afternoon and is expected to be In com
mission again In a few weeks.
the City of Puebla. It has been settled
almost beyond a doubt that the: steam
schooner which was towing the disabled
craft. was the Iaqua. The Iaaua was
bound from this port to Grays Harbor
and is now- four days overdue. She left
here with 140 tons of coal aboard. • Her
burning capacity Is about ten tons a day.
She Is a. powerful vessel, and unless the
weather off the coast gets considerably
worse than it. .has been she will probably
be able to bring her charge to this port
without assistance. If there is any as
sistance wanted, however. Captain John
Silovich will be on hand with the tus
Relief, which left here on Friday, in
search of tne Maria.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, FEBRtTARY 9, 1902.
Transport Carries Only Three Hundred Recruits but Takes a Large Number of
Civil and Military Officers and Many Army Women and Children—Steam
ship Acapulco Arrives From Panama With Only Two Cabin Passengers
GRANT BEGINS VOYAGE FOR MANILA
BUT ANCHORS TILL BAR COOLS DOWN
DISABLED COLLIER BEING
TOWED TO PORT BY THE
STEAMER IAQUA.
25
Sun
Sun
Moc
9
10
11
12
13
It
15
10
Time Time
Ft. Ft."
II W X. W
"oTii 4.8 6:30 2.3
1:07 4.0 6:22 2.1
1:37 6.0 7:12 1.9
2:09 5.0 S:10 1.6
2:45 5.1 9:06 1.4
3:29 5.1 10:17 1.2
4:20 6.2 11:31 0.0
6:21 5.2 12:40 0.4
rises ,..
sets •¦
in sets
7:0(
5:4:
7:11 p. m
Timej Time
Ft. Ft.
H \V L, \V /
11:41 6.1 6:13 O.<
12:19 6.0 0:49 0.'
1:19 4.7 7:30 1.!
2:15 4.4 8:12 1.1
S:25 4.1 9:(X) 2.1
4:51 3.S 0:53 2.:
6:2S 3.7 10:50 2.}
7:40 3.9..........
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma .....IFeb. 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way PortslFeb. 13
Washtenaw. . Tacoma Feb. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. IS
Rival Willapa Harbor Feb. 11
Zealandia Tahiti Feb. 14'
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
Nippon Maru China &- Japan. Feb. 15
Luxor Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Chehalis San Pedro Feb. 10
Lmatilla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 'lit
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . Feb. 17
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Feb. 18
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
„, *4brnary O. |,:
Sierra & Way Pts. 10 am;Pier 7
Spokane.... b^ n D ' leg0 & Way.. » amlPier U
February 10. |
Mandalay.. Coqullle River ....I 4 pm|PIer 2
C. Nelson.. *ll.,os Angeles-; Ports. 9 am|i'ier 2
Argo ... CoQUllle Klver .... 4 pm|Pler 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla ir.e.-*et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
1 /» ! ebrnury 11. I
Empire. . . . . Coos Bay . . .... ... .12 mlPier 1.1
Alliance.. .Portland & Way. .[10 am|Pier 1G
Pomona.... Humbokdt |l:30 pifler u
Q. Lindaner Gray3 Harbor |... ...|Pier —
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport &,Way... i> am Pier 11
February 12.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City .:.. 3 pm Pier 13
Lakme Astoria & Portland.! Pier 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. I) am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier «• \
Sequoia Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
February 13.
S. Monica.. Humboldt 10 em Pier 2
Eureka IHnmboldt 0 am Pier U
February, 14.
Axcata Coos B. & Pt. urfd 12 m Pier 13
Ii'eljrunry 15. - .¦
Pt. Arena.. Point Artna 2 pm Pier. 2
Coos Bay . San Pedro & Way. l> am Pier 11
Doric...'... China & Japan 1 pm PA1SS
Alameda... Honolulu ............ 2 pm Pier 7
Queen...:.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier I)
February 10.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor... .». I B pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt • . . . .' | 0 am Pier 2
. , ¦ », February 17.
G. Elder. .'. Astoria ; & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bival. Wtllapa Harbor .. 5 pm Pier 2
.' February, IS. . ,
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 ' m Pier 10
Acapulco... Panama &>Way Pts|12 m PUSS
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier • 2
¦ February 10. v |
Australia..: Tahiti direct (about) 2 pm Pier Vi
Hyades... . (Honolulu & Kahulul ...... Pier —
Rainier.. :. I Seattle &N. V What. 5 pm Pier '.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo
C. Nelson....
Progreso
Alliance
Czarina
Santa Ana...
Lakmo
Columbia. . . .
Hyades......
Sequoia.
State of Cal. .
Pomona
S. Monica....
Phoenix.....
Thyra. ......
Empire.;.'...
Eureka......
Queen.......
Alameda. ...
Crescent City
Coos Bay....
Spokane
Pt. Arena. . . .
North Fork..
Coqullle River Feb. ¦ 0
Portland & Astoria.... Feb. i)
Seattle ...Feb. 0
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. !)
Seattle & Tacoma Feb. ' !)
Seattle- & Tacoma Feb. 9
Portland & Astoria .... Feb." 9
Portland & Astoria. . . . Fel>. i*
Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb. 9
Grays Harbor .'. Feb. 0
Pan Dlej;o & Way Ports Feb. 9
Humboldt Feb. «
Humboldt Feb. 9
Mendoclno City '. . . . Feb. 10
China via San Diego.. Feb. 10
Coos Bay Feb. 10
Humboldt Feb. 11
Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Honolulu Feb. 11
Crescent City ;» . . Feb. 12
San Pedro 4 Way Ports Feb. 11!
San Diego & "Way Ports. Feb. J3
Point Arena Feb. i:{
Humboldt • Feb. . 13
: .Steamer. ; ¦ : ' For. . • . . Sails.,
Dolphin. . .... Skagway & "Way Ports. Feb. 10
Nome City... Valdez & Way Parts. .: [Feb. JO
Cottase City. Pkagway A Way Ports. IFeb. '11
Farallon.^...! Skagway & Way Ports. [Feb. 14
E. Thomi>son | Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Feb. 15
For.
Sails.
Sun
Sun
Moc
9
10
11
12
13
It
15
10
Time Time
Ft. Ft."
II W X. W
"oTii 4.8 6:30 2.3
1:07 4.0 6:22 2.1
1:37 6.0 7:12 1.9
2:09 5.0 S:10 1.6
2:45 5.1 9:06 1.4
3:29 5.1 10:17 1.2
4:20 6.2 11:31 0.0
6:21 5.2 12:40 0.4
rises ,..
sets •¦
in sets
7:0(
5:4:
7:11 p. m
Timej Time
Ft. Ft.
H \V L, \V /
11:41 6.1 6:13 O.<
12:19 6.0 0:49 0.'
1:19 4.7 7:30 1.!
2:15 4.4 8:12 1.1
S:25 4.1 9:(X) 2.1
4:51 3.S 0:53 2.:
6:2S 3.7 10:50 2.}
7:40 3.9..........
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma .....IFeb. 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way PortslFeb. 13
Washtenaw. . Tacoma Feb. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Feb. IS
Rival Willapa Harbor Feb. 11
Zealandia Tahiti Feb. 14'
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 14
Nippon Maru China &- Japan. Feb. 15
Luxor Hamburg & West Coast Feb. 15
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Chehalis San Pedro Feb. 10
Lmatilla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 'lit
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . Feb. 17
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Feb. 18
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
„, *4brnary O. |,:
Sierra & Way Pts. 10 am;Pier 7
Spokane.... b^ n D ' leg0 & Way.. » amlPier U
February 10. |
Mandalay.. Coqullle River ....I 4 pm|PIer 2
C. Nelson.. *ll.,os Angeles-; Ports. 9 am|i'ier 2
Argo ... CoQUllle Klver .... 4 pm|Pler 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla ir.e.-*et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
1 /» ! ebrnury 11. I
Empire. . . . . Coos Bay . . .... ... .12 mlPier 1.1
Alliance.. .Portland & Way. .[10 am|Pier 1G
Pomona.... Humbokdt |l:30 pifler u
Q. Lindaner Gray3 Harbor |... ...|Pier —
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport &,Way... i> am Pier 11
February 12.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City .:.. 3 pm Pier 13
Lakme Astoria & Portland.! Pier 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. I) am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier «• \
Sequoia Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
February 13.
S. Monica.. Humboldt 10 em Pier 2
Eureka IHnmboldt 0 am Pier U
February, 14.
Axcata Coos B. & Pt. urfd 12 m Pier 13
Ii'eljrunry 15. - .¦
Pt. Arena.. Point Artna 2 pm Pier. 2
Coos Bay . San Pedro & Way. l> am Pier 11
Doric...'... China & Japan 1 pm PA1SS
Alameda... Honolulu ............ 2 pm Pier 7
Queen...:.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier I)
February 10.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor... .». I B pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt • . . . .' | 0 am Pier 2
. , ¦ », February 17.
G. Elder. .'. Astoria ; & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bival. Wtllapa Harbor .. 5 pm Pier 2
.' February, IS. . ,
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 ' m Pier 10
Acapulco... Panama &>Way Pts|12 m PUSS
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier • 2
¦ February 10. v |
Australia..: Tahiti direct (about) 2 pm Pier Vi
Hyades... . (Honolulu & Kahulul ...... Pier —
Rainier.. :. I Seattle &N. V What. 5 pm Pier '.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo
C. Nelson....
Progreso
Alliance
Czarina
Santa Ana...
Lakmo
Columbia. . . .
Hyades......
Sequoia.
State of Cal. .
Pomona
S. Monica....
Phoenix.....
Thyra. ......
Empire.;.'...
Eureka......
Queen.......
Alameda. ...
Crescent City
Coos Bay....
Spokane
Pt. Arena. . . .
North Fork..
Coqullle River Feb. ¦ 0
Portland & Astoria.... Feb. i)
Seattle ...Feb. 0
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. !)
Seattle & Tacoma Feb. ' !)
Seattle- & Tacoma Feb. 9
Portland & Astoria .... Feb." 9
Portland & Astoria. . . . Fel>. i*
Honolulu & Kahulul.... Feb. 9
Grays Harbor .'. Feb. 0
Pan Dlej;o & Way Ports Feb. 9
Humboldt Feb. «
Humboldt Feb. 9
Mendoclno City '. . . . Feb. 10
China via San Diego.. Feb. 10
Coos Bay Feb. 10
Humboldt Feb. 11
Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Honolulu Feb. 11
Crescent City ;» . . Feb. 12
San Pedro 4 Way Ports Feb. 11!
San Diego & "Way Ports. Feb. J3
Point Arena Feb. i:{
Humboldt • Feb. . 13
: .Steamer. ; ¦ : ' For. . • . . Sails.,
Dolphin. . .... Skagway & "Way Ports. Feb. 10
Nome City... Valdez & Way Parts. .: [Feb. JO
Cottase City. Pkagway A Way Ports. IFeb. '11
Farallon.^...! Skagway & Way Ports. [Feb. 14
E. Thomi>son | Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Feb. 15
For.
Sails.
of the values Jos Rosenberg is offering. This week we place on sale the sample line of LEV I STRAUSS
& CO., the largest importers of this city. It is a sample line bought at 50c on the dollar, and comprises.
Ladies' and Children's Knitted Underwear and Hosiery and Men's Socks. They are slightly soiled from
being handled, and f are wade of silk fis/e f cotton and wool, etc.— ONE-QUARTER, ONE-THIRD and
ONE-HALF less than you have ever bought them for. Note a few of the many:
A f 1Q- LADIES'" VESTS, made of A + Kfjp LADIES' DRAWERS, good A f OK r STOUT WOMEN'S FRIEND. Af 1 C/% SAMPLE LINE OF VEILS,
At lyCgood quality American. Bilk, • rtX ouu Lonsdale cambric, • tucked ¦¦¦ rtX > J « the GOTHAM GARTER. ¦"¦•¦ ' *"* in yard lengths tuxedo, plain,
low neck, no sleeves. Samples now sell- flounce, lace insertion and edged with hooks on the front of the corset, pad dotted or fancy meshea. Sample of BOc
Ing for .! T. .'...10c lace. Sold regularly for 75c. Now.. 50c made of good quality Italian cloth, best and 75c veils; now 15c
At 4E LADIES' VESTS, fancy rib- At $1 00 LADIES' GOWNS, best ££ bl °{tJ£* L^i"f d nJw^c At 5C GRENADINE VEILS, in all
At 40C bea , g 00d quality silki lace At * ' - uu quality flannelette, doublu loop, rubber cohered buttons. Now..^ O C Ub colors— blue, tan, red and
trimmed, high neck, no sleeves. Worth yoke back, front yoke' tucked and hem-' Af "JVit* CHANTILLY GALOON. beat brown; all silk grenadine. Worth 20c r
75c, oample price.. ...45c stitched, collar and sleeves lace trim- ' . r y\ •'. ° fast black, newest Parisian now 5c
a l "Mr.. LADIES' VESTS hitrh riprk med - Colors pink, blue and cream, patterns. Reduced from loc. Now..7%c ¦*. -7. COTTON TORCHON LACE,
At 75C fo^aieeves; a il Vool s"eara Were $1.50. Now.......... ? .........S1.00 , OK r FANCY BUCKLES, best oxy- At ' C 8% inches wide; looks like linen
Bhrunk and medicated. Real value S1.25, At KHa BOYS' FLANNELETTE ¦ fVt OJ »* dized or. French gray metal, hand run, washes better. Now selling:
sample price... 75c Al oul/ GOWNS, good quality striped neW dip or long waist effect. Worth oOc. for 7c!
'». OR/* LADIES' VESTS, made of best -flannelette, double yoke, lay-down^col- now 3oC \. »o OK A few very HANDSOME
At OOC yarn, high neck, long lar - P°cket. Regular 75c garment. «Tow \. e- PEARL BUTTONS, large, me- Al *O.£3 HAND EMBROIDERED
sleeves Regular price 65c now .-33c 5Oc: ¦ n - L and small sizes, four-hole, CUSHIONS, embroidered in best wash
At3 5 C LADiE S ;co™
Varn^ hIgh U & B 7o«^^ 1 SSJlg £« Sn^ Or <****• S |°^
length. Sample price.... ..35c At 79fi SADIES' SKIRTS, good qual- steel buckres. Worth 25c. now 10c •* "* "°!L *^';^" < lv" v"^*l*£'~?
steam shffi OnoTtk ™«* ™ffle. Were $1.25. Now..79c| metal bucWesf Were 73c" &!?**&. ** l «5« *" bScK TA?FE?1 W 'p?B C
style, high neck, long sleeves, ankle A f QOp LADIES' SKIRT CHEMISE,' a. *n -jc MAJESTY CORSET, that At ' I Z^C BON width No^30 3^4
length. Regular $1.25 "values, sample /iI »OU goo d quality cambric, fancy At ls guaranteed for three lnches wide- all silk- best fast black
price ....65e lace insertion and beading trjmmed, , months: it is made of best Italian cloth. WmSc Now ¦ ffi
A> 1Q r CHILD'S COMBINATION yoke drawn through .with satin ribbons, boned throughout with best quality tem- . cn« I^ADIES 7 'GLOVES* best oual-
At iyC SUITS> good Peruvian yarn, | ace trimmed skirt, neck and arm slzo ¦ pered steel; in medium, extra long or At OUC Uvcashmere doubll tlm>ed
high neck, long sleeves, ankle lengtfr, lac « trimmed. Were $1.25. Now.... O8c ' short length. .Worth $3.50. -.now..*2.TR * fln gew go^d fllr black two claspV
eample price ;.....'... ..19c A* C1 QQ SELF-OPENING or CLOS- At lOC^ 6^^ S^JF** 1^ '"StcS^^ balk. Now?f..7:...:7.?...!.5Oc
A f 7r CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK- \.?' 77, ING UMBRELLA good '^FRONT S TE EU RUST- . $ , nn the BEST WEARING
At /C HOSE, double heels, toes and Quality Italian twill cloth, best fast PROOF. 11 and 11& inch. Now 10c At $I.UU GLOVES IN TOWN FOR
knees. Sample price... .7c black, steel rod. steel .frame, natural t QQq STRAIGHT FRONT COR- THE MONEY-The SOROSIS. made of
a r\ t atitt?"?' unw TVTn^r. w °od handles. Opens by touching **¦>- « i?l/ SETS, good quality coutil. em- Degt quality picked lambskin, pique
At 9C fltPwfck hf4' hee?s spring. Actual value $2.00. Now.. S1.3O pire length, lace trimmed, double side- £££„, T stltchef blck°' afi thl
and toes fast black ' Samde nrice <)o A r <R9 RO Odds and e nds of LADIES' steels. Regular 50c values, now.... 39c newest street shades and blacfcL Beats
L^eil™™**^^™™™ ¦¦ SILK WAISTS; best qual- At 25C ? A ? IB0 Y,? S , CARFS - ™** °/ any glove. Now S1.00
At 15C wrtilP^^M^SLif?^!? 3 ?^? "y taffeta sllk > tucked and hemstitched. V", u „ T b k est <J ualit y la wn or^Boblnet. *. . 1Q r LADIES' FANCY COLLARS,
t ? m %F' d0U We heels and toes, llned( new sleeves, adjustable collar, a M«h Point open work, 54x18. Were 50c. At I^U m&A& of best quality all silk,
best quality Maco warranted fast .col- Droken Hne of sizes j^ colors; all sold now 25c shirred and trimmed with velvet ribbon.
ors. Regular 35c hoso, sample price. 15c for $5.00 and $8.00 in season; now..«2.5O At 50r TAMBOUR SQUARE, 32x32. Were 25C. Now.. -. 19c
At 7C '• MEN'S FAST BLACK HOSE. A *i ta LADIES' SKIRTS very l , l^ uv ' Irish Point open work on best, Af OC« NEW PLOBODORA COMBS
rvL ll/ or fast color tan. good Maco At 3) LOU best trualltv Italian rloth Quality lawn foundation. ' Regular 75c At iOC j or the DaC fc. best quality
cotton, double- heels and toes. Regular hie:Mv mercerized looks like silk deVn s< l uare ' now 50c Italian shell, smooth finish, highly pol-
15c value, sample price........ 7c flounce trim" ed 9 wlth hemstitched raf- At Rr LADIES' HANDERCHIEFS, lshed, scalloped or straight back. Regr-
Ar LADIES' SKIRTS.' cro- ff Worth r 50- Tow nem3atcn i (1 1 r^o ' 0C made of sood lawn, neat hem- ular 35c values. Now ;.25c
At *I.Op -dieted -of best German • °f stitched colored borders. Were 10c. Af o^ p HAIR PINS, four packages
yarn, hand crocheted. In every desirable At $ 1 .48 -^7 nimiifv fl^P»n ' now : - 5c C best japanned wire assorted
color. Worth $2.00. Now ....$1.35 fle e Ce lined Htt^d back Ml front in"?' At 1OHc LADIES> HANDKER- In cabinet. Only... 2%C cabinet
Af 1Q» LADIES DRAWERS, pood " f e ttS ow'sho^ufde^Wm^Jd wlth^rt' i. ». ,. CHIEFS, made --of good A< . -I o p AMERICAN HAIRCLOTH.
At ¦:.l5»C QUallt y soft bleached cambric, . V?t rfbbra Ssfli'ned sleevS" J rish . »n en Jneatly hemstitched, unlaun- At 1 UC wWte only; &ood body .
deep ruffle edged with narrow embroid- ; worth 1200- now une ?' new e^ d«jred; hand initialed. Were- 25c, now inches wide. Worth 23c. Now 10c
ery. Regular price 33c. Now..;.:.. 19c ° "? ' " o . w v;- • — ••; ••S1.4S. 1 2^ C A . 7 . STOCKINET SHIELDS, best
A r OK r LADIES 1 DRAWERS, good At 200 |. 1 iH P iS^?5l N T rm^S dy VAL " At 25fi LADIES' FANCY FIGURED At /C q Ua ii t y stockinet, good size
At OOC quallt y muslin, lawn ruffle. f\ u r^V-ENClENNES LACE, seven At o^ GRENADINE TIES, Windsor very durable. Only..!v"?.....^..:.... 7c
.tucked^and hemstitched. Regular price inches wide, best quality. Only 20 C • style; all pure silk. Were 50c. Now.25c XY Sfi BEST QUALITY TOILET
Af" KOr LADiES 1 * GOWN," good" soft 1 f| IT ft ft C* r &l fi 7" ft ft 816 MARKET STREET. «o polnt£ i: wbrth rO 10c7 N^w.^"'..?^
\j\jv Reached muslin, double yoke R3HK a KSS\| l- fiMKv a KSB Af OKn LADIES' ROUND GARTERS,
back, front yoke tucked and hem- *5ki|L. flityOoMEYiSJiLlllJ Running through to 11 O'Farrall. At LUl» be c t u s i e elastic satin bows
stitched or embroidery trimmed. Full " "" " J" w «„--« *%a „,.„_,..„ fancy metal buckle. Regular 40c value,
length, extra wide. Only 5Oc Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN- BUILDING.- . Now T. 25c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and Inhalers
cannot really cure Catarrh, because this dis-
ease is a blood disease, and local applications,
Every Sufferer From Catarrh
Knows That Salves, Lotions,
Washes, Sprays and
Douches Do Not Cure.
No Argument Needed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 '-'Mrs. ''Aaron Medron of Savannah,* Ga;.. writes:
."Ever since the birth of . my • first child, \ six
years ago, v . I have suffered greatly, from piles.
I could', not bring myself to bear , the , thoughts
of a surgical operation. Pyramid Pile Cure en-
tirely cured 'me." < For sa}e by . all . druggists.
"Piles, ' Causes and Cure," > mailed free. Pyra-
mid Drug- Co., i Marshall; Mich. " , " / '
Cured of Piles,
Saved Froni ESEfiife,
The manufacturers of the -new catarrh cure,
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have succeeded ad-
mirably in accomplishing this result. They are
large, pleasant tasting lozenges, to be dis-
solved in the mouth, thus reaching every part
of the mucous membrane of the throat and
finally the stomach. .
Unlike many catarrh remedies Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate or any
injurious drug whatever and are equally bene-
ficial for little children and adults.
Mr. C R. Rembrandt of Rochester, 1 N. T..
says : "I know of few people who have suf-
fered as much as I from Catarrh of the head,
throat and stomach. I used sprays, Inhalers
and powders for months at a time with only
slight relief, and had no hope of cure. I had
not the means to. make a change of climate,
which seemed my only chance of cure.
"Last spring 1 read an account of some re-
markable cures made by Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets and promptly bought a fifty cent box from
my druggist and obtained such positive benefit
from that one package that I continued to use
them dally, until I now consider myself en-
tirely free from the disgusting annoyance of
catarrh: my head is clear, my digestion all I
could ask and my hearing, which had begun
to fall as a result of the catarrh, . has greatly
Improved, until I feel I can hear as well as
ever. They are a household necessity in my
family.": - \ - ¦ ¦•'¦-.•/•• y. '--¦- .¦ ¦-¦ ¦ ¦ .
¦ Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by drug-
gists at 60 cents for complete treatment, and
tor convenience, safety and prompt results they
are undoubtedly the long looked for catarrh
cure. .'-- \ ¦ -. - •• ¦ --. • ¦ ':¦--:.¦¦¦¦
The. best and most modern remedies for this
purpose are antiseptics scientifically known as
Eucalyptol, Guaiacol, Sanguinaria and Hydras-
tin, end v.-hlle each of these have been success-
fully used separately, yet It has been difficult
to get them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form. . >
A .remedy to really cure catarrh must be an
Internal remedy which will cleanse the blood
from catarrhal poison and remove the fever
and congestion from, the mucous membrane.
The catarrhal poison ls In the blood and the
mucous membrane of the nose, throat and
trachea tries to relieve the system by secret-
Ing large quantities of mucus, the discharge
sometimes closing up the nostrils, dropping
intp the throat, causing deafness by closing the
Eustachian tubes, and after a time causing
catarrh of stomach or serious throat and lung
trouble. ¦ ,
if they accomplish anything at all, simply give
transient relief.
FOOD WILL DO IT.
Hade Over a Han of 60.
"You are welcome to use my name if
you desire to publish this voluntary testi-
mony."
"About six months ago while still half
sick and very weak I commenced to use
Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food and soon
noticed an Improvement In my general
health, with the gradual disappearance of
unfavorable symptoms. Heart palpitation
decreased and a new feeling of vigor
manifested itself in various ways. Tonics
were no longer needed, bowels became
natural, nerves were steady and I seemed
to have returned. In a great degree, to the
vigor of middle age. There has also been
a gain in flesh, my weight having In-
creased from 137 to 151 pounds.
Food that will put the vigor of life into
a man of €0 ls worth knowing: about.
Mr. Charles E. Allen of 5306 Master street,
Philadelphia, Pa,, says: "Five years ago
at the age of 59 I was advised by a friend
to adopt rolled oats for my breakfast diet
In the place of white bread. I followed
the advice with some benefit, but was still
troubled with heart weakness and general
debility, requiring: medicine from time to
time; the bowels were also affected to an
extent.
GRAPE-NTTTS.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S,
JOB ROSENBERG'S.
1 Here are some fine, superbly made /w . l^^y\ ffM
'. Dresses, Cloaks, Suits and Furs at re- Iff * %y%xCXTk\ E-\
: ' markably low prices": KV /^£| y j f A \ tt£
: $22.50-Ralny-day Dresaes.flne Cffi Kf\ W.O* /ZuHjX U M
cloth, now.... .aio.pu IIJvtn wr^xib.-: H
16.00-R a i n y - d a y Skirts. C*> 7c WS^V- ''//A
: stitched, now V&*iO f^^-'-Wl n'^'-'wL
: $7.5O-Ralny-day Skirts, hair CCJ cz(\ T&M&'Y/i l\i^- NS^
;" . lined, stripes.. CJKJ.3U Vf&rx . -yl \y&:.'G2®
$12.50-Rainy-day Skirts, ele- C«7 Cf| WT // W^'J^yf
gant cloths, now .' »P/»3vF *l h \)^\^)' : ]f
f three-quarter KERSEY COATS. J%k
\ n3.50-All-wool Kersey three-
i\ quarter Coats, lined, .C7 cfj VJ^Rk
Ei; now «P* »O\J ~Ii>f\t
¦K -I $16.50— Fine three-quarter Kersey Coats, satin lined, now. $10 00
Ijju •. $20.00— Elegant three-quarter Kersey Coatsy'nowIIIHIJ"! CIQ 5f| T»
l| $T.5O Fup Collarettes Now $3 a 75. S
. ma In various plain and combination furs, satin lined. r 8
' jf|f . C loakk zvnd <S t4.it. . M o ti^e- ||
li tfV^ii i ' — i nail ¦ - - ~ gjiiL^-^ ®}ii\
JOE BOSENBEEUySLOrder of B'rith Abram.
George W. Robinson, a boy who was
convicted of burglary by a jury in Judgo
Cook's court for breaking Into the office
of Lloyd & Wood, Nevada building, was
sent to the lone Reform School till he
becomes of ase. .
» Demos Chapman, colored, was sentenced
to Seven years at San Quentin for bur
glary by Judge Dunne yesterday. Chap
man broke into a room occupied by a sol
dier. ' He said he was drunk and "had
made a mistake, but pleaded guilty never
theless.
1 Henry Stone pleaded guilty before Judge
Cook yesterday to a charge of burglary
and the Judge sentenced him to ten years
In San Quentin. A; M. Johnston, charged
with the same offense, pleaded not guilty,
and his case was continued till next Sat
urday, to-be set- for -trial... They, were
charged with breaking into the store of
Rice & Shane, 60 Market street, on the
night of December 22 and stealing a quan
tity of cigars.- -
The trials were characterized by the most
desperate efforts to defeat Justice. • The tree
manner in .which false swearing was indulged,
even in purelyvcollateral matters, showed a
marked depravity, but, fortunately for the ad
ministration of justice, the truth prevailed.
Such a verdict as haa been rendered in this
case was greatly needed. It, is a fact of com
mon knowledge that there are many creatures
in this community who seek to deal in the
souls of Jmmature girls from the basest of
motives. . And ¦when ,'- such transactions are
made the subject of judicial inquiry reliance
for escape from merited punishment is gen
erally placed upon the very weaknesses of the
misguided minors, whose further demoraliza
tion they seek. -But, while the previous de
linquencies of the minor is so often depended
upon to defeat prosecution of this offense, this
is not the test" of the. law and should only
serve to aggravate the criminal act. l It : is
time that something was done to discourage
this nefarious traffic.- "-
Anthony Adams, John H. Wilson-and
Michael Healy, who were i convicted by a
jury in .Judge Lawlor's court on the
charge 'of assault with Intent to commit
robbery, appeared for sentence yesterday.
Adams and Wilson were each sentenced
to five years in San Quentin and Healy
to six years. On the night of November
13 they attempted . to rob William Harl
ton at First and Mission streets and were
caught by; Detectives Regan and O'Con
nell. The evidence showed that Healy. was
the leader, hence his increased , punish
ment, which would have been heavier had
the jury not recommended him to the
mercy of the. court. .
Aggie Kelly, convicted' of enticing
Sophie Finegold, a* girl 15 years of age,
from her home on Bryant street and plac-r
Ing" her in a house pi «1 repute in Eureka,
appeared for sentence before Judge Law
lor. The defendant was tried twice, the
jury disagreeing at the first trial. The
Judge sentenced her to three years in San
Quentin, . and in passing sentence said:
Three Years . in \ San Quentin
;-i Is the Sentence for a
Procuress.
Judges Mete Out Punish
ment to Convicted
Persons.
SEND CRIMINALS
TO SAN QUENTIN
"It is the want of money and not the
want of wheat that brings so. much suf
fering. There have been two 'famines
during my stay in India, but they have
been confined to certain districts. The
rest of India could supply these districts
with wheat, for the warehouses are full,
if the people had the money to buy it. <
"We have often wondered why the
American people did not know this con-
"The Banyas control the" farmers of the
prosperous district, too, to such an ex
tent that they can fix- the price at which
the product -of the fields must be sold.
The farmer is alway3 in debt to these
men. ... ,.
: sf^*. AKLAND, Feb.". 8.— Dr. Maud Al-
Yl ' lV len> a niedical missionary from
II ]| India, who arrived yesterday
on the steamer Doric after an ab
sence of seven years, says that It
is foolish for the American people to send
ships full of wheat for the succor of the
famine sufferers, because there never is
any realdearth of cereals in that empire.
It is the rapacity of the money-lenders
that starves the suffering natives at the
same time that India is actually export
ing wheat to other countries. .
"There Is a class of men there called
Banyas," said Dr. Allen, "who are the
owners of the money. . They are
avaricious i and- have,-, no > compunc
tion about charging '• the highest price
for the use of their ! money. Hundreds
may be starving around them, but they
are unmoved. They get a 'corner 1 on the
product of the farmers there just a3 la
done in America. If there Is a failure of
crops in one province the price of wheat
of course g6es up to a figure that makes ;
it prohibitive to the people of the stricken
district. The wages are small that It is
impossible for the natives to save any
thing, and they are always at the mercy
of the Banyas. . . ¦ ;
Dr. Maud Allen Says There* Is No Dearth of Cereals
§ in the Empire, but Rapacity of Money-Lenders
Is the Cause of Famines and Untold Suffering
STARVING INDIA NEEDS
MORE GOLD, NOT WHEAT
Nolan & Co., corner Seventh and Mar
ket Odd Fellows' • building, have moved
across the street to 1308 Market, in Uie
new Callaghan building. ; .
The case of Cornelius Crowley, barten
der in Casey's Exchange saloon, 141 Third
street charged with grand larceny, was
dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Charles Sommers, a former soldier,
claimed he was bunkoed out of $140 In a
dice Kame in the saloon by two men on
January 31. and that the bartender was
a narty to the trick. Evidence was given
fo show that Crowley objected to the men
playing dice for coin and was not a party
to the swindle. _ _ i-r,.
Bartender Crowley Acquitted.
915 Market street, is now selling the cloth-
Ing manufactured by Adler & Sons of Chi
cago. In every walk of life their clothes
are worn and distinguished for the fault
less manner In which they are mads. To
morrow there will be on sale 500 all-woo»
men's suits, made to be retailed for-*».
The manufacturers' sale will sell them for
$4 gs These suits are elegant new styles
in black and blue fancy cheviots, worst
eds and Thibets. Be sure and getyour
™>lf a suit for $4 85 at the Lyceum cloth
ing sale. 915 Market street, opposite Ma
son. * ' ¦ •'_ -_' ¦•' ""*'-'
The Lyceum Clothing Co.,
The trial of Thomas Moran on the
charge of murder will commence before
a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court to-mor
row morning. It will probably take a
day or two to ! secure a jury. Moran is
one of the four men charged with con
spiracy to murder George W. Rice, the
non-union machinist who was killed at
Twentieth and Howard streets on Octo
ber 11 One of the conspirators was-Wil
liam Buckley, who was convicted by a
Jury Friday of murder in the first degree.
Moran Murder Trial.
VIENNA. Feb. 7.— The greatest single
purchase of typewriters ever made has
been ordered by the Ministry of Justice,
which, after three months of exhaustive
competitive tests, has contracted to equip
the entire Ministry with not less than l^W
Smith Premier Typewriters, supplying
every court*
L & M.' Alexander, HO Montgomery
street, are the Pacific Coast dealers.
Orclers Smith Premiers for
Every Court.
The -Austrian Minister .of Justice
GREATEST TYPEWRITER
• SALE ON RECORD
_,Trapper*i op curei rheu'mitum *nd neurmiglv"
Druggists. SOo flask. " Richard * Co. *0« CUT. • ¦
~£ l i x ?, row «. ' J2 50; Nell McQueen, $1: ; R.
Thisby,$l:^J. S. Brown., 50 cents; F. Brown
50 cents- R.. H. Yearnshaw, 60 cents: -Alice
Swanzy._ $1 ; ,A. C. ; Eastmann. f. 1 ; C. W.'4 Bu
baker, $1; . Mollie Phlpps, 10 cents; j Hetty
Phlpps, IS cents; H. Jorgersen. 10 cents; M. G
Bowsher. SI ; P. Jacobson, < %\ ; H. E. . Salsburyi
50 cents; JL,.^ J> allmnnn.-: 50 cents; ; Ah Charley,
5?., c^, ms; F - J-J'allmann. $1; Joe Goas. $2 50
H.-Bloom.-,51; Tim Crane. *1; D. D., Wise..$l
C.V E. Hansen. f2 50; J. ; W. • Harris/ B0 cents
Dr.; Martin. CO cents ; , R. . H. Lufkin. 25 i cents ¦
Allie Brown; 60 cents; total. $23 10. Previously
acknowledged, : $30,0X4 84;. total, $30,637 94., -
.The following subscriptions have been
received for the McKinley Memorial Fund
through / Alex' Brown - of '.Walnut . Grove '
from school children and i residents of
Walnut. Grover.r 1 ". -•;.;'.
Walnut ; Grove Contributes.
Business . men "can be , properly- served
with lunch at the Cafe ZInkand. , ? ¦] • ;
George Armstrong went into the graph
ophone parlors of S. , Karako, 433 Dupont
street, Friday night and stole one of the
Instruments while it was J rendering th»
song. "I Don't Care if You Never Come
Back." , He returned , however, in about
half an hour and stole another grapho
phone, but was observed and arrested.
He appeared before Judge Mogan yester
day on a charge of petty larceny and the
case was*continued till to-morrow.
Stole Two Graphophones.
"The people will not help one another
even If. in themost direst trouble? Near
our hospital a starving man and wife lav
on the most traveled highway all day in
the burning sun. They .w.ould not he S
them because they were members of a
different caste. ¦ One' of , the men at our
hospital had seen the couple, and when I
ta ? c 1 ed .A lm T f S r not telling me about it he
Excuse-, '° r&Ot '' Thatls alw^ys their
t Dr. Allen was sent from Portland to
India seven years ago by the Presbyterian
Board of Missions. She had just
graduated; from the medical department
?£-?£ b0 / Unlv «slty; Michigan. She
is' returned for a rest of a year or so
when she will resume. her work. She is'
now- stopping with her parents, ,Mr. and
Mrs. E. W. Allen, at 270 Ninth street.-
"A globe-trotting American fed a hun
dred thousand people while I* was in In
dia. They came in swarms and -gorged
themselves to the limit. Afterward this
American passed out a cooked chicken
from a railroad train to some starving
natives, but they, would not eat It becauao
they consider meat to be contaminated
Ihe Brahmin who becomes a Christian is
thin S er de a ii n iea UtCaSt lo ° ked upon as . »
Sufferers Refuse Meat.
"The greatest 'difficulty we have to
combat is the caste. The people are so
wedded to their castes that it is almost
impossible to break in upon them. The
castes make the customs and the customs
are abominable. The people do not know
what unselfishness is among themselves.
They think there is a motive for every
thing that you do for them. The
Brahmin priests have Immense Influence
with them and teach' their subjects that
the Christians are kind to them because
they want to force their creed upon them
"The pictures you see. of starving na
tives are not exaggerated in the least.
There is a good deal more Buffering than
can be Imagined. After being nearly
starved to death the sufferers must sub
mit to a regular course of treatment In
the hospitals. We give them milk for
a while, though they object to taking it,
preferring the more solid foj-.ls.w
"I was in the Punjab, a province In the
northern part of India, where I carried on
a hospital work under the auspices of the
Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions.
We treated hundreds of famine sufferers
in the hospital to which I was attached.
Punjab is a prosperous district, where the
irrigation facilities prevent danger from
famine, but we receive many people from
the places where there Is famine.
"Why doesn' t the Government interfere
when it sees thousands starving and dy
ing of hunger?" Dr. Allen was asked. ¦'
"Because the Government Is 'afraid of
another Indian mutiny. > To interfere
with the Banyas would mean an uprising
that would cost thousands of English
lives, for they are the all-powerful- class.
The Government can't force them to give
away their wheat. It tried a while ago to
clean out. a village that was Infected
with the plague, but a riot occurred.im
mediately. . '
Fears | Indian Mutiny.
dltlon existed.' "We have been amused at
it ourselves. Of course the wheat is dis
tributed, but where does a shipload: of
wheat so with a hundred thousand starv
ing people?"
MISSIONARY WHO HAS RE
TURNED AFTER. SEVEN
YEARS* SERVICE IN INDIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CM^h, SUNDAY, : FEBRUABY 9, 1902.
Anew lodge of the order B'rith Abram
was Instituted in B'nai B'rith Hall on
Friday night with fifty charter,. members
by. H. Bernard, the organizer.' -The-.fol
lowing temporary officers, -were ' elected,
after which the final selection was post
poned.until the next meeting: H. Bernard,
chairman: S. Borel,-, secretary, and R.
Rosenberg, treasurer,/
26
This week we will show an immense Impor-
tation of NEW FODLARD SILKS for the
present season, Theu are from the Lest man-
ufacturers of this class of aoods and v are our
own exclusive designs. : >
23-INCH FINE TWILL SATIN FINISH FOULARDS, In
small and. medium designs ....75c Yard
24-INCH I>&AU.DE SOIE FINISH FOULARDS; a large
Yarietfl of designs In all-the leading colors. 85c Yard
24-INCH SATIN LIBERTY FOULARDS, panne flnlsHin
Old Ros3,.riEseaa, Biscuit, Argent 4 National, Brown, etc.
..........::...;.. ..........$1.25 Yard
24-INCH EXTRA FINE TWILL SATIN FINISH FOU-
LARDS, in large assortment of newest colorings
•••••••••••• - • - -- Si.25Yard
24-INCH SATIN LIBERTY FOULARDS, JaCfjuaPd effects,
In an elegant varletu of designs and colorings
: S3. 50 Yard
. . , -¦¦¦ .".. .7^. .. ,
450 pairs LADIES' 4-BUTTON FRENCH KID GLOVES, In
light, medium and dark colors, former price $1,50 pair.
Tne entire lot reduced to 75c Pair-
Mali orders promptln and carefully executed
and samples .forwarded free to anu address.
III. 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MINIXG COMPANY INCORPORATES.—
The Hackett Mining. Milling and Developing
Company, with a capital stock of $75,000. was
incorporated yesterday. The directors are
JLames Hackett. J. E. Ellis, A. B. McGlll, C.
A. Mau and A. Barnard. - ¦•••.¦¦
Dr. Geo. Stallman. Dentist. 120 Sutter st»
The next annual session of District
Grand Lodge No.' 4 of the Independent
Order of. B'nai B'rith will be held in this
city In B'nai B'rith Hall on the 16th inst.
It Is that matter of considerable
Importance to the membership throughout
the jurisdiction will come up for discus-
sion.
B'nai B'rith Grand Lodge.
Sugrry Bobe Thief Sentenced.
Henry Thaler, a well known buggy robe
thief, was sentenced to 6ix months In the
County Jail by Judge Conlan yesterday.
He was caught by Policeman Steve Bun-
ner while trying to sell a robe which had
been stolen from the Golden Gate stables.
Bionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
"Will cure your cough. 50 rents it all druggists*.
Changes of Command.
Captain Potoine has been transferred
from the river steamer Columbia to the
Napa City. Captain Goodell of the J. D.
Peters has taken command of the Co-
lumbia.
We are in receipt of instructions from our Mr. Davis. \yho is now in
New York, to make a complete clearance of all our coats, suits, separate
skirts, raglans and newmarkets at a sacrifice that will speedily bring about
a complete clearance. We are making room for our new stock iust ordered
by Mr. Davis in the East We mention a few of the worthy values which
go on sale to-morrow morning:
Tail or- Made Suits Three-QuarterCoats
Tailor-made suits of broadcloths. Three-quarter coats, made of Ens:-
Vcnetians, cheviots and homespuns, Hsh Kersey, in castor only, -satin
in black, blue and gray, with Eton lined throughout, some yoked, some
or blouse jackets, sizes 7,2 to 42. for- with capes and others in plain tailor
mer prices $16.50 to $25.00; now re- effects, neat* half-fitted backs, all
duced to sizes, former prices $20.00 to $30.00;
CIA 7![ reduced to
<p lU. do ai^ 7-
Tailor-made suits of cheviots. _, ¦ , , .
Venetians and homespuns, in black. . Three-quarter coats, made of chev-
blue and tan. with Eton or blouse lots ' Meltons and Kerseys, in black,
iaclysts. sizes 32 to 40: jrood assort- castor and Oxford, yoked effects.
meat of sizes— 32, and 36; a line Wlth ca P es . stylish fitted backs, sizes
of misses' sizes, 14'to- 18 years, also 34 to 42, large assortment of sizes. .14.
included in the lot. former pricesJ | 6 o and 3§ ' form€r P nces $ I2 -5° t0
£12.50 to Si6.<;o; now reduced to j?io-50; now reduced to
$6 75 ! $8_75
Lon<TCoats p Box Coats
. *.¦__.,., Box coats, made of Kerseys, bou-
Long coats made of fine English c ] es and cheviots, in black, tan. cas-
kersey in black, tan and castor, lined tor and Oxford, neat fitted coats in a
«nh Skmners satin limn*, some dozcn st yles, 2^ inches in length,
yoked, some plain and others in H nc d w j th Skinner's guaranteed sat-
corded effects, fitted backs in the la- j n> extra goO( j va i uet s j zes 32 to 44,
test styles, sizes 32 to 40. former reduced from '$11.50 and $16. so to
prices $30 to $40: now reduced to 4; - 'b —
<) « O.£d - g ox coats a nd short iackets. made
Long coats, made of Kerseys and of Kerseys and cheviots, in black.
Melton cloths, in Oxford, tan and blue, tan and castor, sizes 32 to 44.
castor, half lined with Skinner's large assortment of sizes. 40. 42 and
satin, stylish fitted backs, sizes 32 to 44. former prices $6.00 to $10.00; now
42. former prices S20.00 to $25.00; [marked down to clrar out at
each coat now marked to $3.95
$H 7a — _ I
Long coats, made of coverts. Ker- UFCSS oKlftS
seys and MeJton cloths, in Oxford. Dress skirts, made of cheviots
tan and castor, with the latest fitted homespuns, broadcloths and Vene-'
backs, sizes 32 to 42. former prices tiahs, in black, blue and gray, new
S12.50 to §20.00; now sellinc at, flare flounce, some trimmed, others
<£7 Q5 ' plain, former prices $6.50 to $10.00;
»i/ #.««*. / now reduced to . '
Remember that ail the suits, coats 1 C'y Q-
and skirts offered at this sale,' are *PO.yj
st3 r lish, desirable goods in ever>"Tway. , -, 1£ t .
r.nd the prices are reduced to 'dear ' (JOlf SRlTtS
them out at once, qs we do not wish q^u ,i.: rf , ni -H<» r>f XTiulU a
P Ti ? ;'l! ?(, ? I • P^n. colors black and Oxford for-
ih;s is one of the best opportum- iriPr .„•„. < c nA ?« «¦» -„
ties this store ever offered to stylish £T ce d "o • ? "^ Sfi
dressers. J 35
Con Seary'Si and Grant Jive.
M . CELEBRATED *>#
( When your head aches and you
feel weak and nervous/ your
stomach is out of order. The Bit-
ters should be taken at once. It
sets the stomach right and cures
Headache, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, and Nepvou ness.
Elegant
Black Silk
Garments.
PEAU DE SOIE RAGLANS
PEAU DE SOIE SKIRTS
PEAU DE SOIE WAISTS
. An elegant line of above garments
received during past week. We in-
vite anticipating buyer* to inspect
them.
J|fcgg|5=» Mourning Outfits
$5.00 to J25.00 Suit.
FINE TAILOR SUITS A SPECIALTY.
THE
Black Goods Mouse
1106 Market Street
(R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY}.
Bw /PATENTS^ l!
¦ All prescriptions or mail orders for SUPERIOR
QUALITY. Eyeglasses should be . addressed • di-
rect to Georee Mayerle.' S." F. CUT, THIS OUT.
rt I PP nnW 1 I Corner Fourth and
I ALL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
luir nllfUl our Special Brew.
UHI L n U I H L g?^s2.s^a
valises checked frsa
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
GEORGE MAYEDLE'S NEW METHOD
Approved by the H'ghest Authorities. '
'A ADMIRAL DE\A/E"V.
W HOUSED OEORGE: MATERLE'S
Glasses during the Spanish-American War,
and Is still using them with much satisfaction,
highly . appreciates the benefits - derived " from
these glasses and sends the following testimo-
nial:" •• .; : , .¦• .- »¦ . ;
George Mayerle, 1071 Market street, San
Francisco— My Dear Sir: I am still using with
much satisfaction the glasses you sent me at
Manila; also, the. new ones suit my eyes per-
fectly. Yours very truly, <
• • . *". . GEORGE DEWEY.
. .HIGH PRAtSE '¦.¦.:'-: ;¦"
From Rev. Father Augustine McCIory.
•-"¦¦"£ '.San Francisco.
- It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public. Mr., George Mayerle of 1071 Market
street, San Francisco, strictly as a skillful and
expert optician. My sight began to fall in 1877,
just twenty r nve years ago, and since that time
I ¦ have been wearing glasses. I consulted a
prominent ontician in Chicago, Dr. Holmes. At
different times • since that " I have had lenses
fitted on in St. Louis, Cleveland, O., and also
tried the Fifth avenue opticians in Plttsburg,
who claim to be among. the best in their line
in the country., -I do not hesitate to say that I
have met with better and. more satisfactory re-
sults : with Mr. Mayerle than with any of the
above named, who have, much higher preten-
sions. Respectfully, • . ¦• '¦-..
FATHER AUGUSTINE MeCLORT.O F M
' ,i« V^>, St -^ Bonlface ' s Church «
,115 Golden Gate avenue," San Francisco.
NOTICE I
/£&$$*& -NEGLECTED EYE3I0HT
¦ .-¦'- AM"2CTS THE BRAIN.
¦ C Mayerle' s. Glasses cannot be had • from any
(traveling ¦ optician. . ; THE ¦ GENUINE - must be
ordered - direct _ from GEORGE MAYERLE
Graduate German : Expert • Optician. 1071 Mar-
ket street, near Seventh., San Francisco. Tele-
phone South ' 572. ; : German : Eyewater, 60c ' Mr
Georg« Mayerle has no branch stores, nor does
he employ, any traveling opticians to represent
him. ;•:•-: ¦¦,.¦• :\ ¦....,- ._ --.-.-, _ .
WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING— W£ PAY NO RENT.
CHINA CLOSETS
. f^^^^^^^^^^^i < Quarter-sawed, highly polished,
'i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S go^en oak finish. »A new line,
• j^^^p^s^^^^ I handsome and ornamental. These
li™ 'Jt? '&$&¦ Cabinets are just the thins: to com-
1 u M $W W' 'Mffizjfr*' <£.W$. dining-room and the prices are just
' !!&iJI| y V "*^ 3iPf suited to the size .of your pocket-
S^^^Slra * EVERYTHING MARKED DOWN
ICM^ After stock-taking we have marked
¦ ' jPSSfr down the entire stock. We are bound
' ' V-Zr-J^f i_^. £^**f |S^^ to please you with these prices.
Isms (f^^^^^^^^^^w Whatever you need or desire in Fur-
M^i^^C^^^j^^^ . nature, Carpets, Ru.crs, Draperies,
Linoleums, Stoves, etc.. we are sure
"^ ra! W .^^** B \^^ k^Sp to have the right thing at the right
i ¦* j^» . I § price — and, by the way. you don't
i*' need to borrow any money in order
to buy from us.\V
Free Delivery to Oakland. Alameda and Serkeley.
THEJ. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
. , J0 ! 7:1023 ffllsaion Street, above Sixth. San Francisco.
\VE CLOSEAT G P. M. EVSRY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
Yfil POP MEN 1^1
All The success of this shoe has been phenomenal, 1 \\|
.yj Prominent retailers throughout the State have found it IVJ
K\i an excellent seller and/are raDidlu repeating and in \ I !
ly, I rnanu cases increasing their original orders/ Here is a /* I
VaV listof lhe fading dealers of the following cities and 1/ |
la! 1 towns, Onlu.one dealer in each town is given exclusive II 1 :
I yB right to ssll pkjt-u $4.oo shoes : ;-•'-¦ I ; I
B i /V I \ ' rV;?"',^ 1 *^ Auburn Klngsburg Rochdale Co...... H. .D. Bollln .'.Reedley R'' '¦
fi'i/\ % Chatfleld & Smith BIrss KlngEburg The AbbaOo. ..'...... .San Juan Bl R
BJI \"(k A. Emmett .....Tracy O Bauer Lemoore A. Goodman & Co. .. .St. Helena E'l U
fit it HL 0 " 1^ 1 V. CastrovUle M. T^vy Lower Lake The Phil Herold Co.... San Jose BL H'
B I I All r k y X, 00 *"^. 1 Xt - T>evy Lincoln Levy Bros. ..... .....San Mateo l| 1 B
U I I i^^ £' ln '? h ° w * r Cloverdale Victor £.- Hairi? Livormnr» Manuel Mollo Santa Clara % »
H I I W T. H. Johnstone Ctdar\-ille Cornell & Oliver Merced R. C. Moodey .Sahta Rosa », S
H 1 111 £ -A Stevens... Calistoga Ed J. Phelan Shoe Co C. E. Mayfleld .....Sulsun \U-tf :
R il \\l . Pavis>-llle Cash Store... Modesto J. P. Nelson .......... San B er \W
ill VV% t tU'i"," — DaviEvillf C. S. Plner Middletown P. Rasmussen .Selma II
BU V% S 1 . ». * . ff™? Dinuba Frank Zimmerman Monterey H. Randall & Co.. Santa Cruz - S » .
| (I \% Stephens & Montgomery-. Exeter \Ve*»ln* Bros.... Nlcolaus P. Fabian & Co.:.... Tracy Bi¥l
\ \ \\ rv^?" -i. Kr?Fno A. J. Bovey & Co.. Nevada City Schoenemann & Zumwalt.... ' BJ^^
Ml \ 1 £ S es « ...Grass Valley Paul F. t Hof man Newcaptle '. ; ............. Tulare
{ I \l\ Geo - E - Re"™*! Geyservill? K. L. Barkis... Oakdale C. Hofman .....Ukiah " ' »
III •111 A. E. Alexander...... Haywards Mrs. Frpd Hecker. .. ...OrovUle Scudamore & Reynolds. .'..:... v '¦¦¦',' ' HU
W\ III B B. McGlnnU <k Co..Hanford O. C. Arkle Porterville ..................Upper Lake Bf
H ( 1 I'f A V J- Holllnter C. J. Lee ......... ...Quincy Crystal Bros ; V8"avi]!<» K 3
Hi 11 w h^S b JL™?.. H««ldsburK Geo. W.DetJens.... .Pleasanton Lovepod & Downs. .. ....Vallejo ' HI
11// S'-T^- Thatcfcer Hopland O. Einstein . .Redwood City S. Kwe»t Co..... : . . VisalK - -SI
1 *1 / / w rf T? nb °r l ,. Co --J C ! n8: 1 , t , V I^i«.n Bro. ..Rocklln F. M. Wyatt Winters B\
1 )/ / W - H. Marshall Kelseyville Wm. Sawtelle & Co.... Rosevllle B. Borach Tolo, B I
B ' \ 2>JLA.1<TXJ^ A.OTTTE2,:E3R,S f ; II
JsF ' • - r=» »-»*-«Ic ¦• t <r^ r\ i%3G2.g~^ njx v~~^ ' * — » **^^ »~*>^~^ «~^'»Tr» 14 -S
| jA. Factory, 134-136 Main St., San Francisco, Cal. Vft
\. /\ »X^ WRITE FOR CATALOGUE AND MEASUREMENT BLANKS. .' ' ' ; \\REDDING. Feb. 8.— Thomas Dawson, '¦ who
last autumw shot and killed John Carberry, a
friend of twenty-eight" years' standing, as the
result of a drunken quarrel, was this morning
sentenced to ten years'; Imprisonment. • .
Arran*ements-^Th.' Luetje ' (chairman), . H.
Ascher and F. Nlemeyer; floor manager F
Rathjens ; assistants — E. Marzolf ' and • P. Kop
pen: floor committee— H. Vlether, D. Steffens,
D. Bornholdt, N. Eeebeck and J. Steffens; re
ception ¦ committee — F. Maas and C. Krbft;
treasurer — A. Vogler. . „ :
There was . a large attendance at \ the
prize masquerade ball' given' last evening
Jn_ Saratoga Hall by . the Oermanla Club.
The hall was decorated, in carnival col
ors and .the guests were dressed in cos
tumes of every conceivable style and de
scription. The affair was /In charge of
the following? committees: i
Germanla Club Ball.
Enticing viands and rare wines were
punished to the fullest extent of the law
last night by the members of the Bar As
sociation of San Francisco at their annual
banquet at the Merchants' Club.
The opening address by the toastmas
ter. Judge Hunt, arid responses to toasts
by other members of the bar were re
ceived with an enthusiasm which the pro-
Jession is most capable of expressing:.
The following quotations, most fittingly
Ffelected and placed at the head of the
menu by Judge Hunt, best tell of the
enjoyment received by the members pres
ent:
Tben wreathe the borrt with flowers of soul.
The brightest wit can find us; \
We'll take a flight toward heaven to-night, '
And leave dull earth behind us. — Moore.
I can drink no more than a sponge. •
— Hudibras.
The following named well-known prac
titioners made their little speeches:
T. C. Van Ness. Peter F. Dunne, Justice T.
B. MacFarland, Juage Coffey. Robert Ferral,
A. C. Freeman, J. J. Earrett and Knox Mad
dox.
-i The officers of the association for 1902
-•re:
' President, Warren Olney; senior vice pre«l
dent. Charles W. Slack; Junior vice president,
Henry Kickoff; treasurer. John M. Burnett*
t*cretary. George J. Martin; trustees— Edward
Hon. W. H. Beatty. Hon. Wheaton A. Gray,
Hon. John Haynes of the Supreme Court; Hon.
F. M. Angellottl of San Rafael, J. V. Coffey,
F. J. Murasky, William P. Lawlor and Robert
Ferral of the San Francisco Superior Court;
James M. Allen. Hugh K. Asher. A. R. Bald
win. J. F. Bowie, H. O. Beatty, W. B. Bosley,
John J. Barrett. John M. Burnett, Walter S.
Braun. H. U. Brandensteln. D. W. Burchard,
John B. Carson. W. E. Colby, J. C. Campbell.
A. Comte Jr., O. K. Cushlng, Joseph H. Dunne,
Alex G. Eells, Henry Elckhoff, A. C. Freeman.
Eanford Felgenbaum, Nathan H. Frank, Isaac
Frohman. W. M. Gardiner. William H. Gorrlll.
W. S. Goodfellow. W. C. Graves, Frederic W.
Hall. Charles F. Hanlon. Daniel M. Hanion.
Rob . e . rt HarrlMn - Charles J. Heggerty. T. C.
Judklns. L. H. Jacobs, Alex D. Keyes, Joseph
Kirk. W. B. Kollmyer. '. F. B. Lake. William
M. Madden. Knox MaddoY George J.: Martin,
E. \V. McGraw. A. F. Morrison, Charles E.
a > Ior - Joseph Napthaly, Charles F. O'Calla
£han. Warren Olney. Frank S. Oliver." Charles
£",**', E. D. Pelxotto, H. A.. Powell, . E. , J.
« 25 '- J ' J^nsrl*. Thomas D. Klordan, E.
H. Rixford. John H. Robertson. George C. Ross,
f 1 -- 1 *- Sattold. R. P. Saffold. John A. Sanborn,
S. S. Sanborn. Charles W. Slack, J. J. Scrivner.
t »• SpUman. C. A. Son. Edward R. Taylor,
h J^~^ man Jr " w »»am Thomas, J. S. Tobln.
T. C. Van Ness. M. A. Wheaton. James A.
Waymlre, Allen G. Wright and E. B. Toung.- .
Hazel Meyers. Eleanor Saunders. Helena
Neilson, Lillian Reiner, Juliet Mahers,- Edith
Straub, Ethel Gordon, Marlon Sltgreaves,
Georgie Bacon, Eunice Gileman, Helen Davis,
N«ttle Freeman, Carmen Moscrap, Annie Drls
coll, Irene Komona, Marguerite Cronln, Alice
Meyers.
7 -
R. Taylor. W. B. Bosley, Alfred Wheeler, F.
P. Deering and H. W. Brandensteln.
Those present were:
Edna Miner, Ethel Watkins, Agnes Nichols.
Myrtle Guild, Hazel Purdy, Lucille Harpen
dlng, Carry O'Neal, Genevieve Harpendlng,
Eva Blackledte. v,. <r-.
Florence Bland. Marie Nichols, Marin Bit
greaves. Marlka Moscrap. Myrtle Dingwall,
Georgle Bacon, Edith Btraub.
The specialties were furnished by the
following children: ,'¦'¦'¦
Baby Klefe, Doris Lorraine Cooke, Zeala
Luela Cook. | Master Harry Mangels, Edna
Miner, Georgie Bacon, Margaret R., Dennis
Hazel Purdy, Hazel and Alice Myers, Helen
Nellsen. Little May Daley. Marlon Sltgreavea
Anita. Cusack, Myrtle Anderson, Etta Aron
son, Eleanor Sundes. Margaret . Cronln, Irene
Komona, Martin ¦ . Schumacher, -- Capelle Dam
nil and Juliette Maher. ,
The carnival ! continues until the 15th
Inst. ¦ ¦• - - • • •
San Francisco Bar Asso
ciation Gathers at
Board.
Juliet MaherE, Zela Cooke, Jessie Browne,
Ethel Gordon, Henrietta Keller. Elsa Wahllcht.
LAWYERS FORGET
THEIR TROUBLES
Horrard, Eusie SIcGowan, Baby Shea, Baby
Ursula. Allegretti, Josie Sproles, Lizzie Roh
lapp, Doris LasfiEberg, Foye Crouse, Florence
r.faher and eSster, .Mora Martyn. Florence
Plumb, MagRle Dennis, Clarice Kefion, Frances
Dougherty. Rosebelle LanEberg, Doris Cooke.
2<lna FreMson, Dottle Martyn. Idyl Davis,
Anita Cusack, Freda Guy, ilyrtle Anderson,
Phyliss Fairweather, Ruth Sanders, Josle Orr,
Evelyn Whyrtock, Lucille Morse, Ruth Wilson,
Babe Keife. Etta Kause.
-CLEVER CHILDREN WHO TOOK PART IN THE PROGRAMME OF THE JUVENILE FAIRYLAND CARNIVAL
WHICH OPENED IN MECHANICS'. PAVILION LAST NIGHT. THE SPECIALTIES PRESENTED BY ' THE
LITTLE ONES WERE GREATLY ENJOYED BY THE AUDIENCE.
; MARTINEZ, 1 Feb.: 8. — Aril, the 'Japanese who
killed I Okomoto, a: countryman of -his at 'the
Swetf ranch on Sunday night, was To-day held
for.murder.^ -. ¦ .-¦-.. ,:*...,.;..,
YTha Last; Belies
Of a , successful .. and honorable business
career, ;' To-morrow ;¦ (Monday) -. there * wfll
be on sale 900 pairs- of ladies' ' fine shoes,
in all sixes, widths. and up-to-date styles;
patent leather.'kld or velours calf; Louis
XIV ,or. standard; heels. • Also 500 pairs
men's fine ¦ velours calf or ; vlcl kid shoes,
all. the latest styles,- for. U 65. These
shoes., are a | portion, of the-^KIchard Pahl
stqck and .were formerly -sold for 53 50 a
pair.'., J Richard , Pahl's * former store, 324
Kearny street. : , " / . •.,
Last Bites .to the Mongoose.^
.; Dr."; J. : D. Hall wood, , owner of ; the vnbn
gooso sentenced | to , death by . Customs Col
lector * StraUon, made ' application yester
day] for the .dead body /of his pet so that
he might stuff the skin and keep it in his
cabinet .in - remembrance j of ' the ¦ departed
His request. was granted.; The chicken de
stroyer was a great pet of i the (doctor and
Mrs. -Hall wood, and when- they' brought
it with them from "Manila they were not
aware • that the mongoose was ¦ a prohibit
ed Importation. ¦ "• ¦¦'. ¦¦=. •;•'»,¦ •• •
t The charter says that the Board of Supervl-i
,eors shall call a ' special election . at the . next
' meeting after the .completion of publication ¦ of
declaratory ordinances or at an adjourned meet-
Ing thereof, and I : am 'inclined to think- that
\ the Supreme Court would look' with 'very- slight
favor upon ' the * contention *, on '. the , part of the.
/ city that : such requirement was not ; to * be . re-
City Attorney Lane advised ,; the "Board
of I Supervisors' yesterday ; that 'under the
charter Jt ,i8 mandatory • upon , the .board
to call a special election at the : ruext meet
ing after the completion of pubfication of
declaratory-- ordinances" providing .' for pro
posed bond issues, j Lane also •kdylses that
the 'election ] must : be held ', under the new,
registration of 1902, so that the proposition
! will ' not ' be • submitted to the ; people until
'next^November at the ¦ earliest.' V "; ¦<".'-.• ; ,;. -
¦-Lane in -another : opinion, holds, that a
tnere list of the -new: buildings and sites
< required 1 by. the, Fire, Department : is not
sufficient upon which to base a declarat
rtory" ordinance, which : is- the; initiatory,
step leading to the issuance of bonds for
such public imprdvements.-' Under , the
charter plans and .estimates of the build
ings, contemplated 'must be made prior to
action by the Supervisors. The first opin
ion-follows:;- ¦";;¦•¦¦-'<¦, ¦ ¦•;. ; f/-.r} "v '/'. ¦ '/;¦
. Stanford . University , was .reached - later
In , the afternoon , and , the visitors were
treated to an organ recital in the chapel
by Dr. Scott Highton Brooks.- ? The party
reached this city again at 7:30 laat even-
Ing. ;s The ." railroad officials r have . decided
to : make the ' excureion > a regular ' lnstltu*
tion, and, should :the travel warrant it '
will make It a semi-weekly affair. ¦ < x-
The train left the Oakland mole at 9 a.
m. arriving at San Jose at 10:50. At this
point a number of automobiles were wait
ing for the visitors and a twenty-ttve-miie
run under the direction of Colonel [\V?j
Cotton was indulged in. The excursionists
were returned to the narrow-gauge depot,
where the train was in readiness y .
Luncheon was taken at the Hotel Lyn
don, Los Gatos. . The hotel and dining
rooms-had been. especially decorated for
the occasion. ; A drive around the to wA
was . taken by a number of the guesta
On their return, to the cars they were
pleasantly surprised to find them beautl.
fully decorated with .flowers and fruit .
r^rTe^^^^^
"&' FaV5ell PearCe ' "' W - & Pepi)er^
The Southern Pacific Company held its
flrst "around the ' bay" ,' excursion yester
day, and although the weather was in
gr'eat "sucSlss" 11 %A% company ; P«>ved a
New Registration Neces
: sary : fbr 'Vote on ¦
improvements.
t in * the: case ¦, of J.- F.': McConnell, the
bookbinder who Idled' of natural causes In
the ? Branch - County -. Jail - on February 6,
the'jury said:' :;.;-.'", • ., '
¦* :.We' further*' siufcest, that some provision be
made for * suitable t quarters and immediate . re
lief for any i patient at the Branch County
Jan. ,.„¦• -v, ¦¦.-;•.,.:•:'. :; '.¦
Y A v j similar verdict : as to 'the motorman
was' rendered in the case of the unknown
man killed: on •rFebrUary 3 by an electric
car. * ; -. ; -:¦"'•'¦ - :
'Several inquests were held yesterday by
Coroner; Leland. In the case of Lambert
Miller, glass blower, 1S6 \Vest Mission
street, who died February 4 of a fractured
skull, the jury said' death was "due to* his
own. carelessness and - lnexpertencer^as a
bicycle ; rider,- and we further exonerate
the motorman from all blame," the twelve
men 'concluded. ': • •¦
Attention for Prisoners.
Suggestion. That Suitable Provision
Be Made for Immediate Medical
COBONEB'S . '¦ JURY AFTER
: .BRANCH COUNTY JAIL
Southern Pacific's "One
Day" Tour Is Suc
cessful.
EXCURSIONISTS
HIGHLY PLEASED
gardert. seriously. . In all matters -of procedure
touching the call" for a bond election 'I .should
advise that ' all charter provisions be -regarded
as mandatory. "With some of these provisions It
seems to be Impossible fully to comply, but an
earnest effort shouid be made to do whatever
the charter requires, even though it may be
found 'later that some of the positive expres
sions vand^. directions" "in . the charter are but
directory.-"- '.¦/' ' •'. ¦ ' -. -'\ - - * ->
SAYS ROBBERY
WAS COMMITTED
Berkeleyan Claims to Be
Victim of Knockout
Drops.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 8.
Unconscious and battered, C. Peterson,
residing at West Berkeley, was found at
Emeryville this morning, his pockets
turned inside out and everything about
the. man bearing 'evidence that he had
been the victim of assault and robbery. "
,- After Peterson liad been revived " he
went to police headquarters and reported
that he had been mysteriously robbed of
$17. a gold watch and a gold scarf pin.
The victim was unable to give a lucid
account of his actions, and It Is supposed
he was given "knockout" drops.
Peterson said he had started from Oak
land to. walk honie. the street cars hav
ing stopped running. That was the last;
he remembered until he. regained his
senses at Emeryville, only to discover his
valuables were gone.
i The crime, if one were committed, was
without the Jurisdiction of the Oakland .
department The unfortunate complain
ant was compelled to seek elsewhere for
satlsf action. '•aBtuteOHMBB
: • MONTEREY. Feb. 8. — An ordinance provid
ing for the establishment of the chain gang'
system for county prisoners was passed by tha
Monterey County Supervisors yesterday.
WILL POSTPONE
BOND ELECTION
Heavily weighted down with an Oregon'
boot, the desperate thug, who managed to
elude pursuit for the time even though one •
of the dying policeman's bullets passed
clear through his body and. another em-,
bedded itself in this hip, hobbled off the,,
ferry-boat "¦" and thence to the cars ' f olV
•lowed -by a curious throng/ - Detective Di-
nan was met at the ferry by Detective
Freel, who was detailed by Captain Sey
mour to be on hand: In case of any, at
tempt being made .to resouethe prisoner.
On arriving at the Hall of Justice Dinan
took his prisoner Into Captain Seymour's
office Woods refused to talkf, saying that
FRANK WOODS., alias ; St. Louis):
Frank, 'the footpad who was^'shoty
twice by Policeman Robinson dur— •;
ing the terrible early morning :
struggle in which the officer was ¦
killed, was brought back-from Portland^
last night by Detective, Jerry 'Dinan.. -
Detective John Kerrigan of the Portland
police accompanied Dinan ! to. alternate
watches with him' during .the nlgtit and;
day while en route from Portland., £ ? .
-In Woods' room at the time of his ar
rest was found a valise full of little en
velopes of court plaster, which William
Kauffman, alias St. Louis Fat. sells.
They corresDond exactly to the packages
found In the room on Turk street which
the gang deserted -after the murder of
Robinson. V .« *'\.
Asked for an explanation of how they
came into his possession. Woods said.
"Oh, a friend of mine left them In my
room." ¦ - ' , ' ¦ . :. '
I "I have been in San Francisco before,
but I had no hand In the murder of Rob
inson. I was surprised when • the six
Portland officers arrested me. My door
was open • and they walked right in
on me.". . , ¦ . : . .
in; this case. * They have sent my picture
down from -Portland and. several people
whom I . never saw in my life before
claim to recognize me. I was shot at The
Dalles, but I never went to bed. When
I reached Portland I got drunk and
stayed that way for twenty-four hours
before I ever went to bed. One of the
bullets went clean through me, close to
.the heart, and the other stayed in my
nip.
heywas too tired and that he did not have
anything to say,' anyway* - V. '' > r - • •
' He,still maintained- that he was shot by
a- friend at The" Dalles, but ' he admitted
having been in San Francisco before.
- Detective Tom- Ryan ' . recognized
.Woods: very readily aa a man. whom he
had arrested In 1897. for vagrancy. > Woods
became \ engaged in an altercation with
three of his pals, -two- of whom "¦. were
known as Chris O'Brien 1 and George Rey
nolds,' "during, which Woods was- cut
across the throat with a razor. He was
sent to the Receiving Hospital, but upon
recovering .he., refused to prosecute the
men who cut ' him. '-
.Woods denied point Hank that he was
concerned in • the robbery of the Bran
augh Bank in- Missouri and the subse
quent murder of -the Town Marshal. He
admitted • having been- all through Mis
souri, but he. claims It. was when- he was
very, young. .
In -A an, interview with -a Call reporter
1 Woods said: .. ¦ ¦•' '
"I have made a, statement to the po
lice, but- 1- have not' i admitted anything
that -would connect . me with this case.
: The police are not giving me a fair deal
. '. .' • .' '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦''-¦.¦- ¦• . . •¦-¦¦ _ v--7"V ¦>:¦'-¦'-¦'- •." ¦-¦ • -¦-.- ¦¦:, ¦ • -i
THE* DESPERATE THUG WHO^ FIRED \THE* FIRST SHOT AT. BRAVE POLICEMAN ROBINSON AND AFTER
' WARD ESCAPED TO PORTLAND^ ( WHERE HE WAS CAPTURED, WITH TWO BULLET WOUNDS IN
. FLICTED BY THE DYING i OFFICER ;1N' HIS- BODY.; ;*.^'.-f!«v
¦ ¦ ' '• ' '- '¦,-¦¦¦ ¦¦;'¦• ¦¦ -.•¦¦';^ : ./-V>"/ : '"-' - : :" •'::••>•¦ ¦'"''' '&.:;; ' ¦ -
•Mrs. Daniels had in her emplov som*>
three years ago and-up to the time aho
was stricken with apoplexy ¦ a Japanese
servant, who easily obtained .: money at
various times from her. He represented
to her that the money was being invested
in a Japanese fancy goods store owned by
his uncle. It Is understood, that Mrs. Dan
iels loaned the .'Japanese more than $100
without security." This servant also robbed
Mrs. Daniels /of money and the matter
was reported to the police.' The lady de
clined to; prosecute; the man for fear of
notoriety. .' . . • , ¦¦ :.-.;. ....I; n
Attorney Eugene Deuprey borrowed
$1000 on a promissory note, which has bo
come outlawed.
Deuprey, Borrowed Money.
Since that time Miss Margaret Royer, a
niece of Mrs. Daniels, married one of the
Halpin boys and for'thSs act was dis
owned by the aunt. Since the marriage
Mrs. Daniels has never seen her, niece nor
heard of her until she instituted proceed
ings to be appointed her guardian.
Some years after. the death of Mr. Louth
the widow married Mr. Daniels, who died'
eight years ago, leaving, her. $20,00o. With
this money she made an Investment in
real estate at the corner of ¦• Taylor arid
Geary streets, buying | * the ' ¦ i property
through the firm of Burnham & Marsh
Subsequently she sold it at a loss of $2003
With the proceeds derived from the sale
of ; that property she invested in real es
tate at the northwest corner of Page and
Devisadero streets, which is now occupied
by Dr. Williamson of the Board of Health
She also purchased a piece of property on
Ashbury street, between Waller and Fred
erlcK, I paying about $12,500. About two
years ago she was. induced to exchange
the property on the northwest corner of
Page and Devisadero streets for the prop
erty on the southwest corner of the same'
streets, paying a bonus of $3500, but upon
which she assumed a mortgage of $630o at
the- French Bank. This was an unfortu
nate investment, as the flats were not
permanently rented and .the income from
her property not sufficient to meet her ex
penses: The following year Mrs. Daniels
assumed a mortgage on her Ashbury
street property for $1000. , uy
The examination was soon concludod.7
Further testimony will be taken, in court'
on Monday, next. The hearing comes 'up
on: a petition of Mrs. Mary Hatpin, a
niece of .Mrs.- Daniels, praying that she
be appointed Mrs. Daniels' guardian. She
is represented by Attorney Matt. 1...Sulli
van. The . Call published ' yesterday the
story of Mrs. Daniels' real estate transac
tions. The lady has a very * interesting
history. She was formerly a Miss Ken
nedy, daughter of a well-to-do resident' of
this city. At the age of 17 she married
John Louth, a dry goods merchant of pio
neer days. At the time of his death he
left property valued at $57,000. In his will
Mr. Louth devised a substantial sum to
benevolent Institutions, and the S main
beneficiaries under the will were*his two
nephews, known.- as the "Halpin boys."-
His widow, j now' Mrs. Daniels, was pro
vided for, but inadequately. As the will
was made a few hours before Mr. Louth's
death Mrs. ¦ Daniels tried . to have it an
nulled. The Halpin boys were represent
ed by Attorney Sullivan. They were ex
ecutors under the will.- Mrs. Daniels was
defeated and only received $5000 out of the
estate of her husband. ¦ , ¦:
"No!" exclaimed the witness vehement
ly; "I hate them." ' • - , ¦¦.
"Now, Mrs. Daniels, if In the judgment
of the court he deems it fit to protect your
interests by the appointment of a guar
dian, do you want Mrs. Halpin or Mrs.
.Tamer?" J.
Hates Them Both.
"No, I am sane," emphatically answered
th* witness. ¦ - r - s
"Do you . understand, Mrs. ; /Daniels,"
asked Fuhrman, ''that. we. are conducting
proceedings looking for the appointment
of a guardian over you? Do you want a
guardian?" - ¦; .
'Mrs. ; Daniels -was -able 'to recognize' a
power of attorney she gave Mr. Fuhrman
las t. No/ytpmher,. to- dispose^&f , her^prope, r*y,
pay her deots" and? feectfre ay'permanent
lioim: for her in' sonie^" worthy institution,
where she could spend the rest of her days
in j.eac<x and quiet. .... v ¦¦> . ; •
The examination. was conducted by the
court and Atorney Sullivan. They ques
tioned Mrs. Daniete at length, in order to
learn her mental condition. ; Although un
able to give expression to her thoughts
the witness was fully alive to the ques
tions asked her and was able to answer
with intelligence. Mr. Sullivan attempted
to demonstrate to the Judge that the lady
wbb entirely unable- to understand- her
business' and was mentally incompetent
to comprehend what had taKen place dur
ing the last year. ¦'„¦'•
Attorney Fuhrman tried to show that
ail her mental faculties were sound and
that, she was fully capable of understand
ing all that had taken place relative to
her affairs,' but that she , was physically
handicapped, ttrst by reason of the parai
ysis of her limbs, and secondly by her in
ability to convey by speech all she wished
to. by reason of the impairment of her
power, of speech. It developed that Mrs,
Daniels ,was stricken with apoplexy . in
November, 1300, and as<a result she is now
suffering from a paralysis of one-half of
her body and the impairment of speech. .
Attorney Sullivan tried to show . that
Mrs.: Daniels was unable to express what
her. .senses conceived, j In . order, to prove
his contention the attorney held up a pen*
cil and asked Ahe lady if he was not hold
ing a paper in his hand. She replied that
it was a pencil." He tried, other tests, but
failed. Re. examined her. at length about
her- property. -and: she was able to give
lucid. answers. 4 ''. . .' ¦.'.»"-. .
Mrs. Daniels Examined.
Mrs. Daniels Is .a paralytic, but was able
to walk into the room where the examina
tion was held. She .was a trine bewildered
by the presence of court and counsel, but
upon .being reassured she bowed to the
gentlemen present and took a seat. The
lady has full possession of her mental fac
ulties; but is only able to speaK in mono
syllables, o#vlng to the impairment of her
power of speech. > ¦'¦• ..> ¦ ,
Judge Troiitt held temporary court at
the Lane Hospital yesterday morning: in
order to examine "Mrs. Mary. El Daniels,
the woman whose fortune has: so unhap
pily dwindled. Mrs.-; Margaret Halpin; a
nelceof Mrs. Daniels, has applied for let
ters of guardianship over the estate and
person cf the patient, and the Judge,, in
oioer to learn J*ue condition, decided
to hold a per?onalj;xaminatlon. :.
The Judge; a'cilbmpariied by his stenog
rapher, and Attorney. Sullivan for the pe
titioner and Attorney | Fuhrman/ repre
senting the contestant, repaired to <the
hospital. They were Joined by Dr.D. F.'
Ragan, physician of Mtfs. -Daniels,. and. Dr.
McCue, resident physician at the Lane
Hospital. , ,- . .
Elicits Further Facts Relating
to Dwindling of Her v'
Fortune.,/ .. r
Judge Tr outt Tak&3 ,the
Testimony; of Mrs. ,
Daniels. •
HOLDS COURT
IN HOSPITAL
Thug Who Was Shot Twice by^Pying Policeman, but Who Wade His Escape
; to Portland, Where H^Fell Into: the Hands of the Police of That Town,
Arrives. Safely From thefNprt in Custody of Detective Jprry Dinan
ST. LOUIS FRANK, ONE OF ROBINSON'S
MURDERERS, IS AT HALL OF JUSTICE
Children Entertain a Large Audience With Clever Specialties— Booths of
Every Description Fill the Building arid •' Are Well Patronized by
the Visitors-California Cat Club Has a Very Interesting Exhibit
f-rj-^HE Juvenile Fairy Carnival opened
jg auspiciously last evening In Me
jjj chanlcs 1 Pavilion. Despite tie
UL inclement weather there was a
large attendance. The pro
gramme rendered was of high order. The
specialties furnished by the children were
•nell received by the audience. Booths of
every description fill the building.
The Juvenile Midway did a rushing
business during the night. The exhibition
of the California Cat Club attracted a
deal of attention. The prize tabbies were
admired and petted by visitors to the
club's booth.
The programme rendered on the s^age
consisted of specialties. The feature of
the entertainment was a grand allegorical
transformation ballet. entitled "The
Storm," directed by Bothwell Brown.
Tne following children tock part:
Josephine Rodders, Blanche Colman, ' Ethel
JUVENILE FAIRY CARNIVAL OPENS
AUSPICIOUSLY AT THE PAVILION
" SAK TITO AN CISCO, SUNDAY, /FEBRUARY • 9; . 1902^
Pages 27 to 36
¦liiiLONDON, Feb. 8.— A bronze medallion mem
orial to the late John Ruskin was unveiled at
noon In • 'Westminster Abbey by Mrs.V Arthur
Severn, , Ruskin' s cousin. In the - presence of a
distinguished gathering.
¦¦• : -¦-' :'V': : : .'. ¦ ¦ - ..w
i. Bar £. Gerald C. Tobey from Honolulu off the
lightship. ¦-.."/ .-.¦«.¦ - .
:¦ Barge • Santa' Paula in tow of tug '¦¦ Rescue,
passing in.' • ¦-.;.' ... ', ; ' ' , .. • ., . .• "i
V, •^¦ 1 'i l ? ht bark about five miles ' west of ' the
lightship.' ' • , ;' .¦ ¦ .; . '.;.. -.
OUTSIDE. BOUND -IN AT 12 M.
LATE ; SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE
:RENO, Nev., Feb. 8.— Several cases of small
,pox are reported In Reno among- the. white resi
dents >,The ¦ State •¦ Board of Health has B de
clared smallpox epidemic In Reno and probably
will order the public schools closed. ••
THe Manufacturers' Shoe Sale
Is now. selling regular $3 50 shoes for men
as well as women for $1 85. ; These shoes
are made by the best known manufactur
ers. iT.They > are stylish, . up-to-date, good
nttfng and good .wearing.- Splendid value
sfor. 53 50, yet $1-85 ¦¦will. buy. a. pair at the
;;• manufacturers' sale of the Bee Hive Shoo
Company. 717 Market street, near Third •
! SAN JOSE, Feb. 8.— Sister : Mary Teresa
(Miss Mary Vallejo, a niece of the late
General Vallejo) died in the Convent . of
Notre Dame this afternoon. She was a
native ; of this State, and was bdrn on
January. 6, 1838. .She was educated in the
College , of Notre ; Dame' In this city and
was an honored member of its- facultv
¦for many years., She had also-tausrht in
Santa Clara and ln.Marysville. Since i<w4
Slster^Mary Teresa had been sister supe
rior of Notre Dame. Institute in this oitv
founded by Judge and Mrs. M p n'Onn'
n u. r ,i or th %S aTe and education -of 'orphan
children. " * These children. , by whom sho
was • greatly beloved/ will sing "the tI
? U^ m >, maS * S °J? M °n<Jay morning and ™"
tend her .to her resting place In Ran*
Clara Cemetery. ° l *
Niece . of , the Late General Valle j o
Dies in. Notre Dame Convent
in. San Jose.
SISTEB .MABYa TERESA
; SINKS INTO LAST SLEEP
Rain fell generally yesterday in the. sec
tion of, the State north of the Tehachapi.
Cloudy weather with no, rain/ as usual,
was reported from the cities In the south.
In this city. 97 of an inch of rainfall was
registered. ; < > - ; , •
The northern towns were visited by un
usually heavy storms. At Red Bluff tho
Sacramento River had risen eight feet at
5 o'clock, but no immediate danger of an
overflow- was apprehended. Forecaster
-Me Aclie ¦ states that the ;.! moisture was
much needed, and that a great deal more
will be welcome to the agricultural dis
tricts. The south,, however," is really suf
fering from the lack of rain.
Indications . last . ...night ; were ' that tho
storm, which had gone ' north, would re
turn again to-day. To-day's prediction
is for showery; weather all over "Califor
nia. -/' ¦¦ \ ¦¦ ¦ ... ¦-• '• ' " ¦¦
Showers To-Pay.
Forecaster McAdie Predicts That En
\ \ tire State •Will Be Treated to
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
GETS GOOD RAINFALL
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 8.— The Pacific
Mail Steamship Company's vessels will, it is an
nounced, cease visiting Nicarairuan port*, as
the company Insists upon certain conditions
which the Government refuses to grant.
¦ Foreigners and foreign property have a right
to full and ample protection, and this we shall
under, all circumstances Insist upon. The Gov
ernment having special treaty rights , will, we
presume, see that they are not violated. ,-•
.In the hope thatthere will be an early.term
ination of the civil strife which has existed for
over two years, I beg to subscribe myself in
benalt or,- the consular corps. Very truly
, ': ,. ' ' : H. A.GUDGER, v.
.' ", " ' ' Dean, Consular. Corps.
As regards the advising of their respective
Governments, each Consul will exercise his In
divldualvJudgment. In case the- contending
forces submit to us or to any member, of our
body any matter, and ask advices for ;¦ its de
termination, we shall be ready and willing to
act, if the same is within the scope of our
duties, but any and 'all initial measures must
be taken by, the .two- contending parties and
first agreed upon by them. Any other course
would subject. us to the charge of meddling in
local affairs, which, is not our province pur
pose or desire. ¦ < • ; . -
ih^/^'J, J',, Act "l g; Governor ¦ Arlstides
n ni L y / elvered to cert a'n persons of
the consular body letters from you. We under
stand they were intended for all the consular
corps, and therefore, through the Governor, we
beg to reply that the proposal declaring Pana
ma, Colin and the railroad line a neutral zone
Is ideal and something that we, representing
foreign interests, would gladly hail as an ac,
compllshed fact. ¦ However, as we see It «.r
present, and In vit-w of existing ; laws we
recognize the difficulty, if not the Impossibility
of its accomplishment. It could be done only
by agreement between the contending, parties
,to this unpleasant and unfortunate trouble We
are extremely anxious to do all-in our powor
to lessen the mortality- and useless waste -of
property, yet it must be ever and positively
understood that we have been and will con
tinue to remain neutral.
The foreign Consuls here have agreed
to send to the insurgent general, Herrera,
the following answer to ; his note ad
dressed to the American, French, British
and German Consuls: ' , • - .
PANAMA," Feb. 8.— A vessel from Cltre,
which v arrived last night, brings, news
from the Government general, Castro, who
has concentrated - his forces at Agua
Dulce. \ In an official report General Cas
tro says he has not been attacked, and
thaf he believes provisions are scarce in
the revolutionary camps. - He also an
nounces the death from fever of Major
Payan, the leader of the forces engaged
in the first fight with General Herrera's
troops after their landing. - ,
General Triana has been appointed to
receive the cruiser President Pino, re
cently bought by Colombia from Chile.
The news from General Castro was re
ceived with enthusiasm in -Government
circles here. •
-LOS ANGELES, Feb. 8.— There is yet
no sign 'of a rain storm in .this section,
but the Weather Bureau forecasts rain
for 'to-morrow morning. No rain has
fallen south of Tehachapi. •• ¦ - -
'/SAN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 8.— After sev
eral days of threatening weather it began
drizzling here at noon and continued for a.
half-hour. The precipitation was light, but
the Weather Bureau announces rains for
to.-morrow. Sown crops are not yet suf
fering, but the acreage sown this year
will be much less than for a number of
years past. Many farmers have waited
for heavy rains befqre putting' in seed,
and if copious rains were to come now it
would De impossible to get the; average
acreage planted. . The rainfall for the sea
son at this point Is 6.07 Inches. ¦¦-¦¦••.'.: • ¦
SALINAS, Feb. 8.— Rain commenced
falling in this city at noon to-day and
continued in light showers the balance of
the afternoon.- Reports show that they
were only local showers, as King City, a
town forty miles south, received no rani
at all. The indications here are favorable
for a heavier precepitation before morn
ing. » .-;. .. :
SAN JOSE, Feb. 8.— The rain which
reached other parts of the State has not
yet come in any appreciable "quantity, to
this section. Last night and this forenoon
there were a few showers— just enough to
laythe dust.*- , , . • • .
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 8.-Rain has been
falling all day. .-; " -
STOCKTON, Feb. 8.— The storm for
which the fanners have been waiting and
hoping arrived here this morning, rain
falling copiously. It was brought in by a
strong wind from the south. Thus far
everything is propitious for-. immense
crops in this county, both grain and fruit.
The rain is general throughout the county.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 8.— Since the
light rainfall last night there has been.no
continuation of the storm. In the imme
diate vicinity of this city rain is not bad-'
ly needed, as there will be sufficient water
for Irrigating purposes, owing to the
heavy fall of snow in the mountain sec
tions. Outside . districts. . however, ¦ are
still in need of rain. %
FRESNO, Feb. 8.— The rain yesterday
afternoon and -'last night amounted to
only .11- of an inch, making for the season
2.78 inches. The probabilities of .more
rain- are good.* Crops are not suffering.
; SACRAMENTO, Feb.' 8.— The total pre
cipitation for the twenty-f our hours end
ing at 5 o'clock this morning was .53 of
an inch; and from 5 a. m. to noon to-day
.28 of an inch additional rain . was re- 1
corded. The Sacramento River is rising
gradually 'and now registers 15.5 feet. Re
ports from the farming sections ore ¦ of
a most flattering character, wnfle the
snowfall In the mountains gives promise
of plenty of water* for mining and Irri
gating purposes.. -"¦>,,-
SUISUN, Feb. 8.-Since it began rain-,
ing yesterday, the precipitation in differ- 1
cnt parts of.Solano County has been from'
one to'one and a quarter inches. ¦ ¦'• ¦•."-¦•
• MILTON, - Feb. \ 8.— Forty-one i} hun-*
dredths of an inch of rain had fallen here
at 7 o'clock this morning and more i is in
prospect. ••'. •- .¦:..-' • ,>>*>.¦.:
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 8.— More than; an
Inch of rain has' fallen during the present
storm and it Is still raining.. Russian
River is reported rising rapidly and the
same is true of all the-smaller streams. >> \
NAPA, Feb. 8.— Seventy-one hundrsdths
of an inch of rain fell' here last night; ¦:.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
Xjibor Meeting 1 Passes Resolutions
Denouncing Chamber of Commerce
and Merchants' Exchange.
Under the auspices of the Labor Council
and th« City Front Federation a meeting
was held last evening at Metropolitan
Temple to protest against the passage of
any legislation by Congress as suggested
by the Chamber of Commerce* and the
Merchants' Exchange to allow the unre
stricted, entrance into this country of Chi
nese merchants, salesmen, clerks, buyers,
bookkeepers, accountants, managers,
storekeepers, bankers and cashiers.
Michael Casey called the meeting to or
der and introduced Mayor Schmitz, who
In turn presented the speakers of the
evening. Ex-Congressman T. J. Geary
sent his regrets at not being able to be
present and expressed himself as favoring
close exclusion of Chinese;
Mayor Schmitz addressed the meeting
and said that the people of California
were united on the question of Chinese
exclusion and the present situation called
for careful and immediate action. \
W. Macarthur of the City Front Federa
• tion delivered a long speech, in which he
accused the Chamber of Commerce and
the Merchants' Exchange of favoring the
open door for coolie labor. He asked that
the seamen of America be protected by
legislation and that no Chinese be em
ployed on American ships. He favored
only the admlsion of the representatives
of the Chinese Government and, perhaps,
the actual merchants and students of
China under certain conditions, but de
manded that coolie labor be barred. The
speaker declared that the resolutions
passed by the Chamber of Commerce and
the. Merchants' Exchange would. If adopt
ed by Congress, render the exclusion laws
Inoperative.
W. Malmsbury of the Building Trades
Council declared that if Congress would
not pass laws to keep all Chinese and
Japanese out of America the workmen of
California would do so by force.
A letter waa read by Mayor Schmitz
from Andrea Sbarboro in which the wri
ter declared he was not in favor of. the
resolutions passed by the Chamber of
Commerce and the Merchants' Exchange
and believed that many members of the
two commercial bodies had erred In voting
for the resolutions.
James Barry made a violent attack on
CASTRO THINKS
FOOD IS SCARCE
SOUTHLAND YET
AWAITS STORM
A RECITAL will be given bjvthe
pupils of . Frauleiri Lotte / Slegel
in Sherman,.Clay & Co.'s Hall on
Friday evening next. Among the
young artists who • are to take
part is Miss Olga B. Wagner, a talented
young lady, well known in, social circles,
of this city. She will render the aria and'
recitative from "Figaro," by Mozart, and
Grieg's "Ich Llebe Dich." Following Is the
programme: ." ' \ :? "
(a) ''Allerseelen" .....Lassen
(b) "Fruhllngslied" ..'......... %'... ...Gounod
Miss Lewkovltz.
(a) "Since First I Met Thee" Rubinstein
(b) "Love Is a Bubble" F.Allltsen
(c) "Das Fruhroth Leuchtet" ......... F. Behr
'.••>¦, ¦ Miss Emilie Plagemann. : :
(a) - "For This" .....; . . .'. De Koven
(b) "Through Sunny Spain" ....... Tito -Mattel
Mrs. George D. Graham. „¦ ,• ¦¦ j
fa) "Prologue." from "Pagllaccl" . . Leoncavallo
(b) "Wanderlust" ...'.* Robert Schumann
Oskar Frank.
(a) Aria and • recitative from "Figaro".. Mozart
(b) "Ich Llebe DichV Grieg
Miss Olea B. Wagner.
(a) "Sunset" ...'... Dudley Buck
(b) "Le Parlate d' Amor," from "Faust'-.*.
. . .' Gounod
Miss 'Lillian Wilson.
Walter's prize sons from "Die Meistef-'. *
, singer*' ..-..;..... '•.......... .Wagner
' A Lucius Solomons. :• -
Elsa'e dream, from "Lohengrin" :..... .Wagner
*V • Mrs. Lucius Solomons.
COIOIEItCIAL BODIES
ACCUSED OF TBEACHEBY
Seven Boers were killed and twelve
•wounded, nearly all belonging to the Kru
gersdorp commando, the whole of which
2s now practically accounted for.
The Scottish Horse took the main part
in the affair, acting with great gallantry.
The British loss was ten officers and men
•wounded.
JOHANNESBURG, Feb. 8.— At' 11
o'clock last Thursday' night Colonel
Kekewich. having ascertained the where
abouts of Commanaant Albert's laager
at Gruisfontein, sent men to capture it.
The British force arrived at daybreak
and immediately stampeded the horses of
the Boers with pompoms and a well di
rected rifle fire. The Boers were com
pletely surprised and after a short reply
to the, British attack practically the total
commando fell into the hands of the at
tacking force, who captured 131 prisoners,
Including Commandants Landrost and
Potgieler and Cornet Duplessis. .
Boer Commando Taken.
DENVER, Feb. 8.— The House to-day
adopted Joint resolutions, which will be
acted upon by the Senate on Monday
next, expressing sympathy with the
Boers and appealing to President Roose
velt and Congress to take steps to end the
war in South Africa.
Dr. Leyds, representative in Europe of
the Transvaal Government, is reported as
declaring that the recent proposals look-
Ing to the establishment of peace in South
Africa, made by the Dutch Minister, Dr.
Kuyper, were an unwarranted interfer
ence in the Transvaal's affairs. Some of
the Boer delegates, it is said, are at va
riance with Dr. Leyds.
Leyds Takes Exceptions.
I/ONDON, Feb. 8.— A dispatch to a
news agency fr#xn Brussels says: It is
understood here that the Boer delegates
have decided to submit to the conditions
laid down in Lord Lansdowne's commun
ication to the Dutch Government and are
preparing a communication to the Brit
ish Government asking permission to visit
South Africa and setting forth the object
of the proposed \isit. It is expected the
request will reach England next week.
A dispatch to the Exchange Telegraph
Company from Utrecht indicates the
probability of the removal of the Boer
headquarters to Genoa on account of fric
tion between Mr. Kruger and his associ
ates and the Dutch Government.
British. Troops Under Colonel Keke
wich Surprise and Capture a
Commando, Taking 131
Prisoners.
Neither Craft Finds Further
Wreckage of the Lost
Condor.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 8.— News
brought by the American coast service
vessel Grant, Captain Tozier, to Xanaimo
to-day set at rest all fears concerning tho
safety of the British ship Egeria. For
eleven days the Egeria had not been sight
ed by any of th© passing coast vessels* 1
and marine men w.ere beginning to won
der If she, too, had joined ther Condor in
the depths of the Pacific.
On Wednesday the Grant sighted the
Egeria oft Cape Scott, at the northern end
of Vancouver Island, and the Egeria took
aboard from the Grant the ship's boat
which had belonged to the Condor and
which wa3 found recently by the west
coast Siwashes. The Egeria had. b«en
more than 100 miles off shore, cruising
about in the hope of picking up other
wreckage, and was out of the course of
coastwise vessels.
The Grant made practically a circuit of
the island. No further evidence of either
Condor or Red Rock wreckage was found
on the west coast by the Grant, although
merabers of her crew searched Industri
ously all along the indented shore line.
They went into all the harbors, exploring
tide flats and exposed sand beaches where
pieces of boards or any other parts of the
tipper works of the warship might have
been washed up.
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
The committee discussed oratorical tal
ent with the same degree of freedom, and
considered oratory in relation to the
geography of the IJnited States. ' Names
and places mentioned were: •
• Frank 'F.' Davis and O. C. Hubbell, Los An
geles; Thomas Flint Jr- San Juan; E. F. Pres
ton, San Mateo;- Dr. Qeorse C. Pardee, Oak
land; K. B. Edson, Gazelle; John F. Davis,
Jackson; Senator Robert Devlin, Grove I* John
son and Judson Brusie, Sacramento; Judge A.
J. Buckles, Solano; W. R. Davis,. Alameda;
Senator S. C. Smith, Bakersneld; Tirey L.
Ford, George A. Knight and Horace G. Platt.
San Francisco; T. B. Dozler, Shasta; Thomas
IV Hutchinson, Napa; Senator Thomas Selvage,
Humboldt, and John Lr. McNab, Uklah. .
Judge Dibble fancied it would be wise
to limit the set speeches to one at each
daylight session. . |
Senator Lukens remarked that the citi
zens of. San Jose would accept any pro
gramme for the first two days, but they
wanted the third day for their own sched-'
ule of exercises. The Alameda Senator
said the clubs of his county were active
and' would send earnest delegates to the
convention. He fancied that Governor
Gage's address would be the feature of
one half-day's session, and appealingly
looked to Judge Dibble and Alden Ander
son for indorsement of his views. • The
Senator expressed unbounded confidence
in the ability of Alameda County to win
back tho 'banner which San Francisco
captured in -1900. He. had no fears what
ever of the banner ever going back i to
Los Angeles County. He hoped the
Union league Club would send the trophy
to San Jose to be exhibited to the conven
tion. . /
The committee adjourned to meet in
March.
5 State Senator Truman Reeves " an
nounces to his old friends : in| San Ber
nardino that he is a candidate for re-elec
tion to the office which he now holds. He
arrived in that city yesterday from Sac
ramento and received a warm greeting.
John C. Lynch. Collector of Internal
Revenue, and • Stephen ¦ F, Kelley, who is a
candidate for the collectorship, arrived in
Los Angeles last night. . . \ ;
Orators Who Were Mentioned
Judge Carroll Cook holds that it is an
open question under the law as to wheth-.
er the Mayor or Governor has the power
to make a temporary appointment to the
office of clerk to the Justices'. Court. He
says that point will come up for decision
on the writ . of injunction obtained re
straining the Auditor from auditing Fred
rick's demand for eleven days in January.
Argument in this respect will begin" next
Thursday. : . • . ¦.
: Judge Cook announced from the bench
yesterday that the words "by the May
or," * which were contained in a certain
paragraph of his recent statement to the
Grand Jury, were inserted through a
mistake of his typewriter. As revised
and corrected the learned Judge's opinion
is as follows: ...
It is clear, however, under my view of the
law, that no successor to Mr/ Williams was
appointed by "the Board of Supervisors of this
city and county on a written recommendation
of the Justices of the Peace in 1900, nor .in
1002. and that, therefore, it Is the duty of
the present Board of Supervisors, on the writ
ten recommendation of the . Justices of the
peace, to appoint a clerk of the Justices' Court
under the provisions of section 86 of the Code
of Civil Procedure of this State above referred
to. In the interim and pending: the action of
such Board of Supervisors, my opinion, is that
the office must be filled in the manner pro
vided by law for the filling of vacancies In an
office created by statute, and does not rest
with Justices of the Peace, but such appoint
ment can only be a temporary appointment,
holding until the Supervisors act In the prem
ises.
The words "by the Mayor," which were
inserted by mistake, immediately fol
lowed the words, "but such appointment,"
as appear in the foregoing. '
The mistake gave the Judge's opinion
a meaning different from, what was In
tended. .It -is now clear that some on a
has the right to fill the vacancy and the
person appointed to nil the vacancy may
hold office until the Supervisors elect. It
has not yet been determined by the
courts whether the Mayor or the Gover
nor has the right to appoint to fill the
vacancy.. That Question, may go to tha
Supreme Court and ultimately be decided.
One learned Justice will write an opinion
artd some of his fellows on the bench will
concur in his jviews. Another learned
Justice will write a dissenting opinion and
several other learned Justices will stand
by the dissenter. As there will be two
opinions, one may happen to-be right.
Preparing for League Convention.
Alden Anderson, president of the State
League of Republican Clubs, exchanged
views with Senator R. G. Lukens pf Ala
meda and Henry C. Dibble of San Fran
cisco at the Palace Hotel yesterday on
the subject of a programme for the bien
nial convention of the league at San Jose
April 14, 15 and 16. It was announced by
President Anderson that the order of
business would be fixed by the conven
tion, but it was suggested that the pro
gramme committee should select - the
speakers and present topics for the con
vention to discuss. ' Senator Lukens asked
Alden Anderson if it were not the expec
tation that' Governor Gage would address
the convention on the opening day. The
president replied that the ; Gover
nor would be invited to speak.
It subsequently- transpired ; that Judge
A. G. Burnett of Santa Rosa,
Frank H. Short of Fresno, Duncan Mc-
Kinlay and M. Shortridge of San
Francisco had accepted to deliver what
may be teribed "set speeches." Mr. Mfc-
Klnlay elecjts to speak on the topic, "Ser
vice of the Club to the Party." • Mr. Short
signified readiness to speak of "Our.Un
timely Dead."; -Mr.' Shortridge desires
time to reilect on- the selection- of his
topic.. Other orators 'than those em
braced in the list of "set -sneakers" will
address the convention. . For instance,
General W. H. L. Barnes and Henry. C.
Dibble have been invited. . If General
Barnes accepts he may be .placed in a
special class one degree higher than the
grade given to set speakers.
Supervisor Brauphart also attacked the
sincerity of the two commercial organi
zations and accused them' of representing
the steamship companies running from
this port to China. • $•
W. A. Cole of the Building Trades Coun
cil said that the Chamber of Commerce
and the Merchants' Exchange had 'passed
resolutions in the hope or influencing Con
gress on the passage of the exclusion' laws
and that the patriotism, of the members
of the organizations' was measured by
money. .> »•—-,• ..¦ ¦
v T. Boland of the Labor r Council t then
presented resolutions •-,. which '. denounced
the Chamber of- Commerce and the Mer
chants' . Exchange and accused the two
commercial bodies of using every effort
to secure the enactment of legislation pro
viding- for" the free entrance of coolie labor
into the United; States, and characterized
such action as- a conspiracy • against' the
welfare ofjtfte people , Qf* America and
treacherous to ¦ the interests .of the State
and -nation. 'The -resolutions requested 1
that Congress pass the bills "now before* it
providing for Chinese exclusion. -¦ " . r - ?"•-"- >
The resolutions were-adopted and J.he
meeting was adjourned.. . ¦;.>
The executive committee of the Federa
tion of Mission Improvement Clubs -has
issued a call for a general meeting to be
held next Saturday evening to ¦ protest
against the resolution!!! .adopted by the
Chamber of Commerce and the Mer
chants' Exchange. - v •:•„;¦ '.-¦¦ .
We know Brodrick wants conscription, though
perhaps In a modified form.. If bis Ideas 'win
the day the volunteers will gradually cease to
be an effective -force, and will thereby supply
the War Office with its strongest argument in
favor of compulsory military service, or the
enforcement of the old ballot laws. Rather
than see that come about we Intend to break
up our regiments. I have a letter from a dis
tinguished nobleman, urging' me to take that
course, and many other commanding officers
contemplate disbanding their regiments. ....
the Chamber of Qpmmerce and the Mer
chants' Exchange. and said that the men
who had secured the passage of reso
lutions by the two organizations were re
ceiving th« "dirty dollars of the transpor
tation companies engaged in bringing
cooiles to America," ¦- ' . . • •
The committee which Brodrick appoint
ed to hear the grievances only aggravated
matters. The commanders of the leading
regiments had' previously formed them
selves into a deputation to wait on Brod
rick, and he, temporarily, declined to see
them, but the Secretary for War stole a
march on the members of: the deputation
by announcing in the House of Commons
that he had appointed a committee of his
own, in which not one of .the deputation
was included. His action , created intense
feeling among the members of the orig
inal deputation, who privately declare
that the new volunteer regulations and
the "deadhead committee" were intro
duced for the sole purpose of making con
scription possible. The colonel of one of
the London regiments i said to a corre
spondent: :
While these stringent criticisms of the
War Office are being publicly accounted
there is proceeding beneath the surface
a revolt which threatens to be of even
greater importance. The leading author
ities of .the volunteers. Including many of
the commanders of the best known regi
ments, several of them being titled per
sons and nearly all wealthy, are holding
frequent meetings to decide on the best
method of defeating Brodrlck's new vol
unteer regulations. .
"The fact remains," adds the Saturday
Review, "that we have been swindled on
a very larsre scale."
These figures are expected to be pub
lished here soon, and when known will
doubtless add fuel to the fire of public
indignation, which threatens to center
around Secretary of War Brodrick as
vigorously as it did around Lord Lans
downe when the latter was sponsor for
the early blunders of the war. A dozen
or more committees of investigation are
now sitting or are in progress of forma*
tion, but as the Saturday Review nays,
"these are only too often synonyms ot
oblivion."
The opposition vainly endeavored to get
details regarding the new contracts for
the eupply of meat announced by the
Government In the .House of Commons,
with the view of ascertaining if a saving
over the former methods will really be
effected. The -Government successfully
avoided answering, but it is understood
that the contract in question 1 • was flrat
resold at £10,000 premium and then at
£40,000, while Cecil Rhodes and the De
Beers group handed over £200,000 and thus
finally secured the privilege of supplying
the troops in South Africa with fresh
meat. . ¦ •
LONDON, Feb. 8.— The apparent incom
petence and, it is claimed, possible dis
honesty which permeates the purchasing
departments of the British: army, ; ao re
vealed this week in. Parliament, have
caused a public agitation ' that augurs
badly for the War Office. . Judging ' f ixom
recent disclosures scarcely any bftne sup
plies for the army in South Africa were
secured on business principles. Speculat
ing contractors are now known to have
made hundreds of thousands of pounds
by reselling contracts. ;
Meanwhile the Fighting in
South Africa Is Not
Interrupted. *
Mayor or Governor Has Eight
to Appoint Clerk to Jus
tices' Court.
Storm of Indignation Is Now
Centering Around
Brodrick. > \ ¦¦¦ •
Delegates Submit to the
Conditions of Lord ¦
Lansdowne.
— ; :.•¦
Cutter Grant Speaks the
Vessel Off Cape
Scott.
Speakers for Convention
of Republican Clubs
at San Jose.
«
Dishonesty in Army De
partment Promises
Sensations.
BOERS MAY
MAKE PEACE
PROPOSALS
BRITISH SHIP
EGERIA SAFE
BRIGHT ORATORS
FOR THE LEAGUE
SWINDLERS STIR
BRITISH WRATH
Miss Olga B, Wagner One of the Promising Artists
Who Will Sing at Sherman-Clay Hall Friday
.. Night Under Fraulein Lotte Siegei's; Direction
TALENTED YOUNG VOCALISTS WILL
PARTICIPATE IN PUPILS' RECITAL
JURY DECLARES
HIM PERJURER
President of the St. Louis
Car Company Is
A rrfiQron
XXI I COIUU.
Actioir the Result of Inquiry
Into Municipal Cor
ruption. 1
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 8.— George J. Kobusch,
president of the St. Louis Car Company,
was arrested late this evening on a bench
warrant Issued at the instance of the
Grand Jury charging him with perjury.
Kobusch gave a bond In the sum of $o000
for his appearance In court Monday to an
swer an indictment which it is believed
the Grand Jury has returned.
The issuance of the bench warrant
against Kobusch, while a great surprise
to him, had been expected by some of
those who had followed closely the pro
ceedings of the Grand Jury in its investi
gations into the charges of municipal cor
ruption in connection with the St. Louis
and Surburban Railway's franchise and
the Central Traction bill.
George J. Kobusch is one of the best
known young business men in the city and
has an excellent business acquaintance
throughout the country. He is thirty-five
years old and president of the St. Louis
Car Company's plant in Baden. It 13 the
largest In the country. He was born in
St. Louis and has been connected with the
car company since he was 70 years old.
On the death of his father some years
ago he succeeded to active management
of the business.
YANKTON. S. D., Feb. 8.— Flro to-day'de
stroyed the department store of "W. J. Fanle &
Bro. Loss $50,000.
THE SAN FRANCIS€O- CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
YOUNG ARTIST WHO WILL, SING
ATFRAULEIN LOTTE SIEGEL'S
PUPILS' RECITAL.
28
/!> / t,< You Can Be Cured of.
iffl&frf- r '' A " NERVOUS DEBILITY
W^^^^A- |and LOST MANHOOD,
<jd$^e$*$^>feb!^ I FuH 5 Days Treatment
I ABSOLUTELY FREE
B& ¦'*^V«ffiffA 1 I By Sealed Mail.
umJSH^SSfi^s^ NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Th. medical profession of this country eemed "WEB OF "CALTHOS" PROVED.
powerleM to cope with the appalling and disastrous The first day you take the treatment Ton wlllh«
t J£!?S ,*1^ * nn f °I- in * weaknesses ol men resnltins benefited. The second day you will feel an improre-
from rlolatxon of Jiature'a nwnt. The third aay you will note an increane of
wUkSL! s£rmL C rT Of W VUali i t7 ' SexnaI ««>">>«*. Varicocele, Im^tmcy, Small yartsfNUht
neaknecc bpt raatoirha* , Epilepsy, Impotency, Sweats, Palpitation of the Heart, Nerrousness. Con-
*^5^M ta^&XStfSdS". PROMPT ACTION IMPORTAHT. ,
w>;l n f n 37h'« O^r<? laUdie8 h ? T0 **** n * 0 ™l to A» you Talue your health, yoor happiness y«ir
health and the virile powers of perfect manhood. wry life, do not delay brtfnntnc UwalaeiL
THE VOM MDHL CD'S. REMARKABLE OFFER T J"! Von J Io f hl t-'on»p*ny has thousands of testing
S^CjsJVTKoS^ ' 'Thi, i fl n n y Z f n ! tre « ment ll ™T WD0 «•*• only the fire-dayi fre« treatment
¦L-^. i 3 •!, n^ °- °' D> or Deposit write that they are entirely cured. "*»««»
The Von Molil Co.. ¦. 778 B, *2saa^^ssssa CincinnatJ, 0.
dr. Mclaughlins
enthusiasm.
He Believes That Prof. Loeb's Dis-^
covery Is Going to Make a
Stronger Race of Men
and Women.
Tells of Interesting Experience.
HOW ELECTRICITY RESTORES YOUTH.
\ ( V OU . CANNOT POSSIBLY ESTI- ¦ "I have on record hundreds of Instance! -
I mate the true import ot this dlscov- where men of 75 to 90 have returned to th«
erv of Professor Loeb," said Dr. Me- hard l t ho j ot tnelr y ou *h with a vim •
di3cus 8 ins the 3 cl- SSSthJ aTln » WOrn my appliance threi
entitle announcement that "Electricity is . "One decrepit old Tr^ri of 73 had In youtJs
Life.". "It means more happiness to the been a blacksmith. After using my ap«
civilized race than has followed any dis- pliance he took up his tools and says h«.
covery for years. It will bring about the £ an , work as hard as he did at 35. Ha say*
eenerll recognition of the f reat possibill- **&&£? ££ m^ e &
ties which exist In the application of elec- crippled -with rheumatism for 45 years: H«
trlclty for the preservation of the vigor of pronounces himself cured and as vigorous
youth ' ' • • • as he ever was In youth.
' "I have for years contended that old age ",^ th "' h ? v was a T^J* at 43 and'
was nothing but the freezing of the blood "JJ SSd 1^^ y^°LS?SS5SSS.
¦when there was no longer sufficient vital the severe hardships of a trip to th« Klon.
heat in the body to keep the blood warm dike. He returned a few months ago and
and the organs active. I have said that sal d that he had stood the terrible prlva —
years. did not cause decay, and proven it 6^''
by citing cases where some men have tJ^lSn y*™X? 1^1 &
been made vigorous under my rejuvenat- thousand voluntary testimonials and thal>.
ing treatment at 80; while you # have ex- there Is not a hamlet In this country with* •:
amples all about you of men who are' old ou t on© or -more cures by my appliance*
and decrepit at 60. . y° u will .understand that my experlenc*^
"Now; Professor Loeb says that the anl- h^ b v 7 re S nt £ a success in any cas^
mal heat is electricity. That I know to be where strenjtti "s lacking, whether In Sf
true. We get that heat from tho chemical nerves, stomach, heart, kidneys, liver or.
action of the acids and juices of the stom- any other part. My appljance gives 3
ach upon our food. That Is combustion soothing, constant electric glow, which H
This combustion produces carbonic heat] gg^g Ste^WS^rKo^lKW
and carbonic heat is Electricity. That is «ny entee as well as every other forts
the basis of life in every vital organ. As of pain.
long as the stomach is able to generate "I am an enthusiast, you say! Whj
enough f of thi3 heat to replenish the wear should I not be? I have tho gratitude ol
and tear upon our vital energies we ar e *£™«%& l^t?l3£F£j%&£?%'
strong and active. It is when the stom- the best physicians. I am enthusiastic
ach finds the strain too heavy, that we because I know that I offer suffering hu. !
grow old and begin to decay. manlty the surest cure for the least ex-
"This is upon the same principle that penditure of money that is- known to-day ,
an engine pulls a train of ca^rs .ptlOn fSlSU^S Th^^rln '-
level road It goes easily, but when It goes rhJm I know how, others do not- I chars*,*
up hill the strain is heavy, and your en- nothin" for my knowledge, knowing that;,
gine, making power from the burning it help's my business to do all I can fot,
coal, just as your, stomach makes it from every P aU S n ,iidK I S?SS < 5S
burning -your -food, is taxed beyond its «f^ t b lv^pS^ B taiS!l5.ted In m,
limit, is unable to go -farther, and. ex- trP atment to read my beautifully lllus- '
haustlng all Its steam In the effort, breaks trated hook. It tells truths plainly and n '¦
down.. ¦ / full of things A man likes to read when h< '
•'The human body is just like that en- wants to be strong and healthy. I send it' :
gine. ; It breaks down when the Dhv«ical sealed, free. It gives the prices of my elec
energy is overtaxed. That. energy is elec- tric Belts."
Jn^Vh'; •Ji^rirt?v I ?* a »»! ne K n i Ot replenish- . CAUTION-I have to caution you asalnsi
ihl bMlI Of mv tVatm^r ° dy ' &ntl that ta adSMenfenw oKerins "an electric belt lree.->
tne Dasia ot my treatment. Of courae it is a snare. Intended to deceive pen
Decay in old men la similar to general son s wishing to secure health. Instead ot ttti
debility In younger men. Years have free belt they send a box of medicine C. O. Dn
nothing to do with it. In each case it. is when you write. "Write me to-day and I wil»J
the failure of the stomach, to cenerate expose the fraud. Address
sufficient energy, to supply the demands _ __ _ „_. -. . ...Sii.
made by the vital organs. , r. : •-. . 1^,, TUT p MaT QlKrhlirW
' How quickly we fail when tlk stomach UT* 111. XJm JjlCLiaUglllllr'
fails. to digest the food! Thai shuts off — .
the su P piy 8 of energy. nat snut3 on 702 Market St., San Francisco.Insolvency Petitions.
The Nullus Nomen Club will. give Its
second semi-annual party '¦ on •. Monday
evening, February 10,. at Mission ' Parlor
Hall, Seventeenth street, above Valencia.
As It will be the .'last dance before -Lent
a large attendance is expected. The fol
lowing committees will have charge of the
dance: Floor manager, M. Higgins;- as
sistant floor manager, A. McGeorge ; . floor
committee — Miss * Alice v Helms,' ¦ Miss •¦ K.
Brown, Miss C Dinsmore, • George East
man; reception commlttee-T-Mlas . A. Hig
gins, Miss Maude Helms, ' A. ; Boyle and
Miss Nellie Prior; arrangements commit
tee—Misses M. Schendel, . Ida "'. Hanson,
Myrtle Prior and James Garrett. . .> •,
„ The Alden Club,' a branch of the Inter
national Sunshine Society, has sent out
cards for an < afternoon with "St. ¦ Valen
tine ¦ and : the Saints," • which ¦ promises , to
be a delightful affair. It will be given
for the benefit of the Alden Club on Fri
day night, . February 14, : from 2 till > 8
o'clock, at 1622 Clay street... Among other
attractions there will be a palmist in 1 at
tendance. ¦ ¦.. ¦'.-.;• : .
v ¦-¦:.,'¦:{-¦. ' ' •¦¦»¦ ¦-¦¦ .¦--¦¦ . . '
In the- Future.
Louisa Mugge Is suing Henry Mugge for
divorce for cruelty.
A dismissal of the suit for divorce filed
by Hermance Thirlon against J. J. Thirion,
proprietor of the California Cafe, at 421
Bush street, was entered at the office of
the County Clerk yesterday by Mrs. Thi
rion's attorney.
Marcellus R. Cummins, who was mar
ried but three months ago to Viola L.
Smith Schonig, tiled a suit for divorce yes
terday. He accuses his wife of infidelity
and names Qharles Hill as co-respondent.
Bertha Brady is suing F. L. Brady for
divcrce on the ground of cruelty. They
were married in New York In October,
1900 Mrs. Brady says that in the first
month following her marriage her hus
tanJ. caused her great mental anguish and
inflicted grievous bodily Injury upon her
by grabbing her by the hair and by the
throat. She says she suffered so much by
reason of thte treatment that she left him
November 20, 1900, and has not returned
to him since.
Says "Wife Is Unfaithful.
Arthur Worth is suing Minnie Worth
for divorce on the ground of habitual in
temperance and infidelity. The Worths
were married in this city in June, 1898.
Nelly Wallace, who was married to P.
W. Wallace in India two years ago, filed
a suit for divorce against her husband
yesterday. She accuses him of failing to
provide for her and asks the court for $50
per month permanent alimony.
Emma Keller filed a suit for divorce
yesterday against Denney Keller for de
sertion and failure to provide. They were
married in 1S85 and have one child.
Mrs. Calegaris secured a restraining or
der Friday, enjoining her husband from
disposing of his property and from with
drawing from various banks in this city
any money on deposit in his name. Mrs.
Calegaris alleges that she is at present In
dire need of financial assistance to enable
her to clothe and feed herself and five mi
nor children and asks the court for an al
lcwance of $1000 .per month, pending the
trial of her suit.
Secures Restraining Order.
She says that her husband is a man of
large means and well able to sustain and
maintain her. She claims the property
now In possesion of Calegaris Is commu
nity property, it having been accumulated
since their marriage seventeen years ago.
Mrs, Calegaris says her husband derives
an income of J250U per month from hi3
Kcarny-street drugstore, and that in addi
tion he is in the receipt of a large income
from other sources.
Mrs. Elvira Calegaris, wife of Joseph
Calegaris, the well-known druggist and
one of the most prominent members of
the Italian colony, filed a suit for main
tenance against her husband yesterday.
Jr. her complaint she alleges that three
>ears ago Calegaris deserted her and thac
since that time he has willfully neglected
her and failed to provide her with the
conimor. necessaries of life.
are at present in the city, but will soon
leave for Mexico. V
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church " will preach this
morning on "Sowing and Reaping," and
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will preach this morning on '•Our
Answer to God," and in the evening on
"Deferred Salvation, or Time Enough
Yet."
>.ev.- Milton D. Buck, of the Trinity M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Doing Greater Works Than Jesus Did,"
and In the evening on "The Secret of the
Closet." ~:
Rev. A. C. Bane of the. California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Reason Why," and in the evening
on "Why the Supervisors Should Defeat
the Proposition . to Reopen- Ingleslde."
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial M. E. - Church will preach this
morning on ."Christian Endurance," -and
in the evening on "Redemption." ¦•¦-.
Rev. William. Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Animals and Angels," and In the
evening on "The American Woman."',
Kev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Crowned With Glory and
Honor," and in the evening on "Losing
One's Soul." .
Kev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Barnabas, the Son of Consola
tion," and In the evening on "The Gospel
of the Kingdom."
Kev. R.-R. Lloyd of the Park Congrega
tional Church, will preach this morning
on "How I Study My Bible," and in the
evening an address by the pastor and spe
cial music will conclude the services.
Rev. M.»P. Smith, C. S. P., will preach
the' course of sermons at the 11 o'clock
mass in St. Mary's (Paulist; Church dur
ing Lent. - - . ¦ .
Kev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "The
Endless Life," and in the evening on
"Jesus in Disguise."
"Soul" Is the subject of the lesson at
the First Church of Christ this morning.
The members of the Gentlemen's So
dality of the Immaculate Conception will
assemble at their chapel this morning
and march in solemn procession to St.
Ignatius Church, where they will receive
holy communion in a j body at the 7:30
mass. The forty hours of adoration will
commence this morning, during which
time the members of the sodality will as
sist. ' The proposed project for the build
ing of the new sodality chapel has for the
present been abandoned and the .mass
meeting for members summoned to meet
in College Hall to-day has been indefi
nitely postponed.
Wife of Prominent Drug
gist Files Action for
Maintenance.
Sodalities Will Not Hold
Session as Ar
raDged.
Home Parties.
Mrs. H. Tillman of 123 Hermann street
grave a very enjoyable dinner in honor
of the eighteenth birthday of her sister,
Miss Bertha Kline. Dinner was served
in the spacious dining-room by Ludwig.
The decorations were pink and white.
Music by Professor Bohrer's famous or
chestra. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. H. Christeson, Mr. and Mrs. H. Tiil
man, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hatton, Misses
Bertha Kleve, Emma Hatton, Elsie Till
man, Ivy Chyman, Millie Tillman, Messrs.
Otto Curtaz, Henry Prising, John Bohrer,
George Prislpg.
A musicale was given by Miss Edith
Marks on Friday evening, January 31,
at the studio of her teacher, .Mrs. Strelitz-
Davls, 1347 Ellis street. Following Is the
programme- rendered: Concerto (Mendels
sohn); Etude op. 10 No. 5, Ktuue op. 2">
No. 9 (Chopin); "Spinning: Song" (Wag
ner-Liszt); impromptu op. 142 (Schubert;;
"March Mihtaire" (Schubert-Tausig).
Miss Miriam Meyerfeld contributed sev
eral vocal selections. The young lady was
in excellent voice. Harry Sterlitz, the
popular cellist, gave several excellent
numbers.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Kaliski gave a house
warmirg party on Sunday evening, Feb
ruary 2, at their new residence, Ii44 Ma
son, etreet. The guests were: Mrs. M.
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. G. Pinto, Miss D.
Pinto, Mr. and Mrs. H. Asciier, Mr. and
Mrs. G. .W. Will, Mr. and Airs. J. Kuhn,
Mrs. Br-Lepp, Mrs. (Jonway, Miss Ida Kei
man, Miss Annie Felman, Miss Sarah
Solomon, Miss P. Solomon, Miss L. JJry
fus, Miss K. Tausslg, Miss G. Jacob, Mis.s
titeel, Misses Brut, . Miss Warner, Miss
Cassinett, Miss Hughes, Miss Legas, Mlstj
Head wig, B. Jacobs, E. Oppenneim, F.
Asch, W. Rutman, H. Tnompson, L.
Kosenblum, A. Sewild, J. Puteer, J. Gal
lagher, W. Talt, F. Isabel and A. Lewis.
Miss Carolyn Dinsmore pleasantly enter
tained the members of the Mullus Momen
Club at a molasses candy pull at her
home at 2317 Folsom street on Wednes
day evening, January 29. Those present
were: Misses Kate Brown, Alice Helms,
Ida Hanson. Nellie Prior, Maud Helms.
Annie Higgins, Dollie Pederson, Myrtle
Prior, Maud Schendel, Carolyn Dinsmore,
Mrs. F. E. Dinsmore, Messrs. A. E. Boyle,
Walter Chase, J. J. Mclnerny, Mark Hig
gins, Alex McGeoi-ge, Harry Kowe, James
Garret and Verdo Dinsmore.
A farewell party was given to Her.ry
Rahlves at his home, 824 Klizabcth street
The guests present were: Misses Carolyn
and Nellie Bowman of Mendoclno, Gertie
Llndstrom, Alfreda Niemann, Carolyn
Eiben, Reta Collins. Lizzie Mullane, Meta
Kuegeler, Pauline Herting, Josie D. Rahl
ve*s, Messrs. Henry D. Buschard. -iarry
Niemann, Jack- Gindorff, William Dennis
Tom Gray, Robert Wright, August and
Henry J. Rahlves.
A matinee whist was held last Thursday
afternoon at the residence of Mrs. H. An
drews, at which the following were pres
ent: Mrs. F. E. Mayhew, Mrs. R E
Dickinson. Mrs. C. H. Evans. Mrs. E. B
Grace.. Mrs. G. E. Bates. Mrs. H. M
Christie, Mrs. George Chllds, Mrs. A. A
Doane, Mrs. C. C. KInsey, Mrs. J. L
Boynton. Mrs. S. J. Wilson, Mrs. J. T.
Dare. Mrs. C. H. Lindley, Mrs. C. 8
Darling, Miss Partridge. Mrs. Louis
Moore. Mrs. H. Engels, Mrs. Adderson
Mrs. Reynolds, Mrs. Teague, Mrs. A N
Grant, Mrs. Stack. Mrs. Block. Mrs
Matoon. Mrs. J. C. Sellers. Mrp. Parker
Mrs. Myer. Mrs. Sponigal, Mrs. C. 8*
Darling 1 . Mrs. Frank Dalton, Mrs. D. R
Keith. Mrs. George Hanson, Mrs. Hardv
Miss Kate Stack.
Mr. and Mrs. James Andrews pave a
very enjoyable party Thursday evening
January 30, at their residence)- 6 Franklin
street, to commemorate the twenty-fifth
anniversary of their wedding. The even
ii.g was pleasantly spent in music, danc
ing: and games, tnd at 12 o'clock the
guests adjourned to the dining-room
which was artistically decorated. • The
presents were numerous and costly , T*le
following guests were present: Mr. and
Mrs. J. R. Andrews. Mrs.. Hinkley. Mr
and Mrs. Peterson; Mr. and Mrs. Holman',
Miss Holman, Mrs. and Miss Van Alstein
Miss Clausen. Mrs. Ballard. Mrs. Under-
MRS. CALEGARIS
SUES HUSBAND
MASS-MEETING
IS POSTPONED
Mrs. Isidore Burns announces that she
will be at home, at 404 Van Ness avenue,
the first Thursdays in February, March
and April. ¦ \
Mrs. H. Lose of Honolulu « and her
daughter Anita will be pleased to receive
their friends on the third Thursday of the
month at 126 Page street.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Wechsler and mother,
Mrs. M. Selzer, have taken a cottage for
the summer at 1509 Benton street, Ala
meda.
Judge T. M. Reed, the newly appointed
United States Commissioner at Nome,
Alaska, has appointed Will W. Sale Dep
uty Mining Recorder. Mr. Sale was for
merly manager of the Northern^ Alaska
Abstract Company and is considered one
of the best abstractors and searchers of
records in Alaska, and well known both
socially and in business circles in San
Francisco and his many friends will be
pleased to learn of his success In the far
north.
John M. Miller/very well known in both
musical and literary circles, sails for Ma
nila next Saturday on the Grant. He has
received an appointment as professor of
English classics. . •
Mrs. D. Mendelsohn and her son Julius
arrived last evening from Butte, Mont,
and are visiting her sister, Mrs. A. Lach
man at 677 McAllister street.
Mrs. Mark Levy has removed from 804
Ellis street to 2230 Webster street, and will
be pleased to see her friends. .
Grace Morei DIckman has moved from
Post street to 516 Sutter street. Mrs. Dick
man has also changed her reception day
to Thursday afternoon, from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. Jelllnek have returned to
the city and are at the Palace Hotel.
The many friends of W. H. Hammer
will be pleased to hear that he Is now con
valescing after a serious operation, which
took place at the Waldeck several weeks
ago.
Mrs. E. Lyons and her daughter, Mrs.
Henry Kahn, have left for the southern
part of the State. They expect to be away
about a month. • .
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Breedon (nee But
ler) have arrived and have taken a home
Broadway. ¦
Mrs. Richard Sprague and daughters
are now In their new residence, 2350
Broadway.
Mrs. John AIcMullin and Mrs. McMul
lin-Belvin are still. at San Diego.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Jacobson announce the
confirmation of their son Leo at Sheritn
Israel Synagogue Saturday, February 22.
A reception will be held at their residence,
1005 Buchanan street, Sunday, February
23, from 2 to 5 p. m. v.
Mrs. Henry A. Butters and Mrs. A.
Bray are arranging for a European trip
in the near future.
Mr. and Mrs. Jules Brett (nee gchnee'.ey)
Personals.
Sigma Chapter of Alpha Kappa Kappa
fraternity held its second annual ball last
Tuesday evening at Golden* Gate Hall.
The hall was very prettily and tastefuly
decorated for the occasion, the music be
ing furnished by Yanke's orchestra. C.
Jil. Wills was floor manager, and the re
ception committee was composed of H. T.
True, G. A. Wood and G. S. Snyder.
About 200 guests were present.-
The first social given by the Misses
Roche's Dancing Academy at Bear Club
Hall last evening was a most enjoyable
success, • - ¦ -*• ¦¦¦' ¦¦-¦
The Young Ladies' Sodality of All Hal
lows' parish gave a delightful evening at
home on February 1 at Masonic Hall. The
evening was passed in dancing. At 10
o'clock the guests adjourned to the ban
quet hall, where covers were laid for six
ty-five couples. After supper the young
folks returned to the hall and danced un
til midnight. Miss Annie Ayers and Miss
Clara "Wunsch had charge of the aftair.
The following assisted: Misses Annie and
Josie Godfrey, Annie Daly, Llllie Turner,
Florence Wunsch, Margaret and May
Miley and May Kelly.
The meeting of the Country Club at
Mrs. Liddeke's, Centerville, on February
4 was largely attended by members and
visitors. .Miss Fanny Cash of Irvington
and Mrs. Carrie^ Emerson of Centerville
were elected members of the club. Mrs."
Henry Tyson read 1 a paper on ancient
dwellings, and Mrs. Hayes one on barter,
money and commerce.- Mrs. Straven very,
kindly told of the habits and customs of
the Alaskan Indians she met in" Nome
and Teller City, which harmonized well
with the topic for the day. - The music
was also especially enjoyable. Miss Em
ma Jarvis rendered a vocal solo and Le
land Cutler two cornet solos. ¦. The March
meeting will' be with Mrs. Mayhew at
Niles.
Club Parties.
Miss Anna Bellrude and William J.
Mentz were reunited in holy matrimony
on February 3 by the Rev. S. J. Lee, after
having been secretly married by the Jus
tice of the Peace, to the objection of the
parents on both sides.
Thomas O'Brien and Annie Brennan
were married in St. Patrick's Church by
Father Collopy on February 4. The church
was crowded with the friends of the
happy couple. • ,
The young couple, after the honeymoon,
will reside in St. Patrick's parish, where
they number many friends and well
wishers.
The bridal couple will leave to-night for
their honeymoon, which will be spent part
ly at Los Angeles and partly at New Or
leans, during the Mardi Gras festival.
They will tnence leave for Chicago, the
present home of the groom, wno is a lead
ing business tnan of that city.
On the evening of February 4 the mar
riage of David Doyle to Miss Katie Sulii
van occurred. The ceremony was per
formed by Father Collopy. The church
never looked more beautiful. The altars
were beautifully decorated, adorned with
potted ferns, flowers of Oriental fashion,
and as the handsome couple made their
way up the middle aisle of the crowded
church the myriad of electric lights were
turned on, the prgan burst forth in the
strains of "Lohengrin."
The following named guests were pres
ent: Mrs. Emma Brun, Miss Jeannette
Brun, Mr. and Mrs. J. Chalx, Miss De.
phine Brun, Rev. W. Powell, Miss Mar
garet Powell, Mr. and Mrs. M. Kemper,
Louis Brun, Miss Henrlette Lacoste, Mr.
and Mrs. P. A. Bergerot, Miss Julie Brun,
Miss Cyetta McQuuid, Miss Leonie La
coste, Adolphe Brun, Miss Elise Chaix,
Mr. ¦ and . Mrs. John Schabiague, John
Chaix Jr., Adolph Chaix and Miss Mabel
Taylor.
After the ceremony was performed the
guests were invited to partake of a lus
cious lunch spread in the parlors. The
wedding was a quiet affair and none but
the nearest relatives and most intimate
friends were in attendance.
The bride wore a very fine white or
gandie dress trimmed with made lace and
ribbons, and a bridal veil crowned with
orange blossoms. Miss Jeannette Brun,
her sister, acted as the maid of honor of
the bride.
The bride and groom were the recip
ients of many handsome presents from
their relatives and friends.
The marriage knot was tied at noon by
the Rev. W. Powell of St. Helena be
neath an artistically constructed canopy
and bower made of smilax, ferns, paim
leaves and choice cut flowers.
A very pretty wedding was celebrated
February 3 at the home of Mrs. Emma
Brun, at Oakville,- Napa County. ' The
contracting parties were Pages Joseph
Thibodeaux, aged 29 years, who belongs to
one of the oldest and best known French
families of Louisiana, and Miss Elisa
Brun. aged 20 years, eldest daughter of
Mrs. Emma Brun.
They're Married.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach thla morning
on "Among So Many Kinds of Churches
Doing Good "Work, Why Is There a Spe
cial Need for a Unitarian Church?"
Rabbi Isidore Myers of the Bush-street
Synagogue will preach this evening: on
"Judaism and Paganism."
Rev. T. Brown will preach morning and
evening at the A. M. E. Zlon Church, (col
ored) this day.
"A Man as a Shadow of a Great Hock
in a "Weary Land" Is the subject "William
Kirk Guthrie. pastor of tno First Presby
terian Church, will preach on before a
mass-meeting at the Young Men'3 Chris
tian Association this afternoon. Mr. Barn
hart will sins.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Ehrlich of 503
Golden Gate* avenue announce the .en
gagement of their daugater Dora to Alex
Salomon of M. Salomon & Sons. They
will reopive on Sunday, March 2, from 2
to 5 p. m.
William Schmalz announces the en
gagement of his daughter Beckie to Jake
Goldstone. Their reception will be held
Sunday, February 10, from 2 to 5, at 113S
McAllister street. I
They're Engaged.
has sighed over her invitations
to teas, they rejoiced at. the luncheons,
which offered opportunity to rest. How
ever, three delightful dances were fea
tures of the week and largely attended.
They were the Huntington dance, the
Lester dance and the last Jeunesse. The
Crocker ball on Tuesday would have made
four if misfortune had not made it neces
sary to recall the invitations. Still, pale
and thin as some of our debutantes have
become, they are making the most enthu
siastic preparations for the Mardl Gras
on Tuesday night, and a great revel it
will be. It would be difficult to arrange
a happier ending for the season's gayety.
jC^-D OCIETY'S chief topic of conver
/V"^. Z_ sation the past week has been
\/S<>^\ the unusually large number of
x -_v/\J festivities crowded into the
ft—^Z/ short time before Ash Wednes
day. While many* a fair one
On Tuesday evening, February 4, Mrs.
B. Michelson gave a party, in honor of the
sixteenth birthday of her daughter Sophie
at her home, 2212 Larkin street. Music,
singing and recitations were .enjoyed.
After supper dancing, entertained the
guests. The guests were: Miss Tillie Hen
drickson. Miss Elsie- Goedecke, Misse3
May and Katherine Heintz, Miss Roseline
Jewett, Misses. Belle and Mabel Romaser,
Miss Llllie Reicker, Miss Ruby Keintz,
Miss Sophie Reichart, Miss Minnie John
son, Miss Lyle Sherwood, Miss Molly
Bates, Erma Reimer, Fred Nlcholovich,
Dominico Bradovich, Fred Reinhart, Mas
ter Jewett, Mr. Parker, Mr. Warren,
George Lerond, Louis Michelson, John
Zingelmanf Harry Galon and- Paul and
Theodore Lauterbach.
Miss Alice Gardner entertained eight of
her girl friends Friday afternoon. Those
present were: Miss ' Minnie Evans, Miss
Helen Cartright, Miss Nellie Carpenter,
Miss Bertha Gardner, Miss Nellie Lyons,
Miss Allie Carpenter, Miss , California
Gibson, Miss Alice Gardner. .
wood, Mr. England, Mr Babcock. Mr.
McKenna, Mr. Schautenhous, Mr. Dewey,
Mr. Smith,; Mr. Driscoll, Mr. Newnabur,
Mr.. Walsh, Mr. Hyman, Mr. Olsen, Mr.
and Mrs. Taylor, Mr. Woods, Mr. Ling.
Mrs. James Ellison entertained a num
ber of ladies at luncheon last Tuesday,
complimentary. to Mrs. G. A. Smith (nee
Ellison). The table was prettily deco
rated with violets and smilax. After
lunch music and songs were enjoyed and
a very pleasant afternoon spent. • Those
present were: -^Wrs. C. E. Cook, Mrs. O.
B. Caldwell, Mrs. Case, Mrs. E. J. Crow
cll, Miss V. Frary, Airs. W. R. Fenk
hausen. Miss Alice- Hummeltenberg, Miss
Tillle Ellison, Mrs. J. Prader, Mrs. M. A.
Owens, Mrs. George A. Smith, Miss Nella
Hummeltenberg and Miss Emily Crowell.
Henry M. Levy of 1010 Clement street
grave a very pleasant evening at home to
his friends Sunday evening, February 2.
Among those present were: -Mrs. Gall o£'
Mount Eden, Mr. and Mrs; S. ¦ GoldmarJ.
Mrs. J. Bailey, Mr. and Mrs. L. Brown,
Emello l.astreto, W. Golaman, O. Lipp
man, N. Harries?, H. Voorhess,- C. Voor
hess, B. Morris, Ed Mohr,' J. Garrison; ' M.
Kazinsky, R. Hodgetts.S. Samuels.W. Pitt.
Mr. Gindorff, Miss R. Goldman, Miss L.
Mohr, Miss A. Donaghy, Miss E. Dbn
aghy, Miss F. Breitzman, Miss R. Kazin
sky. Miss F. Levy, Miss E. McRIbbion,
Miss M. Saylor, Miss G. Saylor. -:'¦:-
SOCIETY NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
Rev. E. H. Avery of the "Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "To-morrow," and in the
evening on "John," the first of a series of
three. -
Rev. P.'M." Larkin of the Grace M. E.
Church will preach this evening on "The
Moral. Tragedy."- , ; , . •
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary M.
E. Church South will preach this evening
on "Fellowship."
Rev. John Hemphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Christian's Message to
the • World." and in the evening Mr.
Eldridge will preach.
in the evening there will be a sacred con
cert. ' - ••• ¦ • • •.¦.-•'¦- , - ¦ >¦
Mrs. Kate Bair of Fruitvale was ar
raigned yesterday in the United • States
District Court on an indictment charging
her with passing countefelt dollars. She
pleaded not guilty and her trial was «et
for March 10.
Mrs. Bair Arraigned.
George H. Tichenor, clerk and manager,
San Francisco, filed a petition In Insolv
ency yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $727 16 and has 1 no
assets. All his creditors reside in Oak
land. W; S. Morrow filed a petition to
declare "William T. Murphy of San Fran
cisco an involuntary insolvent. He al
leges that Murphy owes him $540 35.
29
IS YOUR FACE UNWO i.VvWLY?
HAVE TOU DARK '. SHADOWS ON ! TOUR
lips, cheek, chin or person? If you have,
B. B. B. English Caramel Is Just what you
want. ¦' ' , ¦-¦'. "'' ¦ ' '¦'¦'¦ ¦ .-..¦•¦,-
It removes and cures tnla unfortunate blem-
ish. After one application your face will be
as frae from holr as the palm of your hand. I
B. B. B.' English Caramel Is Indorsed by the
medical I profession, and has had twenty years
of successful practice In -England and on the
Continent.. It is.. in fact, the only satisfactory
eradlcator of superfluous hair known to i sci-
ence.';., ¦ " , ; '-:-: - '^''¦'•i'n ; .--' ¦- • ¦.:... . -
Elite Skin Pood— Removes all blemishes and
roughness; makes the complexion perfect; keeps
the skin clear, soft and smooth. . . . .
¦ The Elite Blackhead Eradlcator — Permanent-
ly removes blackheads and reduces the. pores
of the skin. " ¦ , .: .;
Elite Face Powder— Chemically pure; a pre-
ventive of superfluous , hair.
The : Elite, Face Bleach — For removing tan
and freckles. .It has no equal. .
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
ELITE DEBMATOLOGY INSTITUTE. '
838 Market St., San Francisco.
"Who does not remember that early scene In "Jane Eyre," where the
child, by nervousness, grows mutinous and impertinent? Or who has not
the recollection of some child in her circle of friends who has shown Itself
most unmanageable? There is the little golden haired boy whose chief aim
in life seems to be to please— yet the>e was a time when he, because of
something he had done, was told to go to his crib and lie there quietly. He
was not Quiet and the more his mother spoke to him, and the more he was
scolded and finally punished, the less quiet he became. Then there's an-
other child, who, upon having his hands tapped as a punishment, struck
back, and continued to strike back. And there's the child who gives the
saucy answers— a bright little girl who told her grandmother to "shut up"
much to that lady's amazement, and the boy who told his aunt she was
1 riot his boss when she asked him to do something.
* Every one of these children had the best intentions in the world, and the
trouble in each case was that the child was nervous and didn't really know
what he was doing. Take the golden haired boy. When his mother made
him lie down he was overheated from play. The room was close and he
couldn't lie still. His mother scolded him, whipped him; but that didn't
make the room any cooler, and every thing merely resulted in making him
more nervous and more unwilling to obey.
The child who strikes back usually does it through Imitation. He is
worked up and nervous; before him stands his mother, nervous and excited,
punishing him, yet hardly knowing what she is doing. There is a fascina-
tion about it all, and before long: tha child finds himself imitating: his mother,
¦without really being conscious of the fact. He's nervous and does not know
•what he is doing.
The child who gives saucy answers is either being screamed at then or
is In the habit of being screamed at, and does not realize how naughty it
is in him. His mother is nervous and he, having watched her all along and
not understanding that coolness is an admirable quality, is nervous, too.
This is a generation of nervous women; but judging from the nervous
children now growing up the next will be even more so. On every side you
hear the remark, "He is such a nervous child," "She is so nervous I don't
know how she will ever get through her studies," and similar statements.
But the mothers who make these remarks do not stop to think that the
children are nervous because the mothers are nervous. Children are the
greatest imitators in the world. Td them the mother is the ideal and the ex-
smple in all things, and as she is so will they be.
"But," I hear many a mother exclaim, "how can I help being nervous?
1 I would gladly get over it if I could, but I cannot do so.V
It is true that in your present condition you cannot keep cool. Nervous-
ness is not an affectation to be done away with as so much merchandise.
It is a disease, or rather a symptom of a disease. You are nervous because
you are sicli You are nervous because the reproductive organs have some-
thing wrong with them. In your young womanhood you probably did nit
receive the attention you should have had. Your monthly illness came on
with pain. Even now you have discharges that should not exist; you have
a pain in your back that often makes you feel as though you could not
stand life another minute, and it is these troubles that bring on the nerv-
ousness.
Since nervousness can be traced to a definite cause, therefore, it is the
duty of every woman to overcome it. For thirty years women who are
nervous have been cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. It
Is the best remedy known for nervous women, or for those suffering from
any disorder of the feminine organs. This fact is proven again and again
by letters from thousands of women, who write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
Mass., and thank her for the cure accomplished in them. Backache, pain
in the sides, bearing down pains, headaches, nervousness, all are sure in-
dications of trouble in the feminine organs. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cures them all. Unnatural discharges are stopped, the inflamma-
tion is overcome and the various organs restored to a normal condition.
"With renewed health the pains leave and the nervousness is gone.
Old Friends Elect New Officers.
The Society of Old Friends has elected
the 'following officers for the ensuing
term :
Past president. Judge Charles T. Conlan:
president, George W. Kelly; first vice president.
Judge E. P. Mogan: second vice president, F.
F. Jones; third vice president. Charles Kauf-
ir.ann; secretary and treasurer. J. E. Sllnkey;
master of ceremonies, Harry Xlemann; medical
examiner, Dr. F. F. Lord; fteward, Charles G.
Butler; commodore, James Packer; director of
amusements, Colonel T. P. Robinson; commis-
sary, M. F. Donleavy; installing officer. Judge
George H. Cabaniss; collector. Captain James
H. McClune: beard of directors — Paul Des-
mond. Louis H. Eckhardt. J. M. Moflfett, Daniel
T. HulvMe, Harry Bentham. Warren R. Payne,
A. L. Learn. J. P. Groom, J. Stegemann.
Charles H. Hill.
- 0NW^C^ — =—
[ Sale of Battenberg Lace 1
Doyles, Squares and Tray Cloths
We place on sale to-morrow several' large purchases of Imported Battenberg Lace Doyles,
. Squares and Tray Gloths — some are all Battenberg lace — some with linen centers and Battenberg
lace borders— all in the newest designs — The magnitude of these' purchases allows us to price them
\ vastly lower than ever before known for similar goods.
Doyles and Trays L Squares and Trays Squares and Doyles
Size 6x 6 Sale price Size gx 9 Sale price Size 12 x 12 Sale price
Size 12 x 12 ; C(| r Size 15 x 15 HC r Size 18 x 18 $1 ?C
Size 9x13 «JUW Size 12x18 'wV Size 20 x 20 Quid
Tray Cloths and Squares — Size 9 x 13, Size 12 x 20, Size 18 x 27, <J| AA
Size 16 x 24, Size 18x18, Size 20 x 20— Sale price ------- V«vU
Printed Foulards for 1902 •
Nowhere in California is there a npre handsome or larger display of ' these popular Spring .
Silks than here— What? a tremendous assortment! — Never was there such variety in one and two
and three -tone colonngs— never such designs. Such Fabrics do not lend themselves easily to
description— it requires a personal examination to realize their beauty — Each of the designs Is
exclusive— will not be found elsewhere in San Francisco — For to-mofrow we show exceptional values at
•85c-$l.«fO--$1.25 a yard
\ Good Fitting Corsets
. Our Corset stock comprises the most desirable makes in a great variety of styles^ — rendering It
. possible to provide a. thoroughly satisfactory corset for any figure. Experienced fitters are "always
in attendance to show and fit them— For to-morrow these values :
\J. B. straight front Corsets, made P. D. straight front Corsets, made of ex-
of Heavy sateen, are bias cut, with low tra quality white coutille with blueflow-
bust and medium hips, comes in black, **¦! Q^.- ers and trimmed with lace and ribbons; <* o r\r\
white and grey — splendid value at - - giyes correct and perfect form, price - - rOXiU
P; D. Corsets made of fine French Ribbon Girdles made of best quality
'coutille, with straight front steel— double faced satin ribbons, with genuine
comes in black and white with blue whalebone and plush lined straight front
flowers — recommended for good fitting <*r\ qc. steel — comes in Pink, Blue, White and #*t aa
and wearing — special value at - - - tPju.ZiD t Black — extra value at ----- rO.KJU
Curtain Swiss Special New Arabian Nets
45 inch curtain Swisses in pretty Fleur. ' Plain Arabian color French nets — especially^
de lis and Empire designs, comes also adapted for the making of novelty curtains :
in all the different size dots — regularly sold QA-. 48 inches wide40c yd. 72 inches wide 60c yd7
for 35c a yard— special for to-morrow at - - 54 inches wide 45c yd. 108 inches wide 90c yd.
Mail Orders receive prompt attention
I Kearn? and Sutter Sts. |
CALL RIGHTS RESERVED.)
By MARGARET L. BRIGGS.
¦ NERVOUS CHILDREN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And all other facial blemtahes are removed bv
P^."* , I H5 8 « X l W - DonohSS
£? 1 i5 lnB '. 1 J'°w Market « treet . cor. Taylor, roomi
28-29, Trlth the | electric needle , without pain or
¦car; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
I Friedman's Furniture _j
I Eighty -and Eight K«S!?!S^ ; 'l
floor. Many more in the Warehouse we can't show for lack of room. We S
think you will agree with us that "Reduction" will solve the problem— |
11.00 Chiffonier. Mahogany finish. Five locked drawers, 7 CA d
top one moulded front. Ornamented brass handles. This week i »«J v M
!4l00 Chiffonier Double tap, carved back. Extra wide and 1 A f|A £5
deep; five locked drawers, brass handles. Golden oak; for I y ¦ V V i*J
16.50 Chiffonier Swinging bevel plate mirror with carved 10 f\f\ 9
. supports. 5 locked draws, top swell, handsome golden oak I *I«UU y
.. 19.00. Chiffonier 14x24 bevel plate mirror, carved frame 1C A A M
' $ swell draws, a distinciive design; polished golden oak; for IJiUU y
52.50 Mahogany Chiffonier Colonial; very wide, highly ) AJZ A A H
finished; large, shaped French plate mirror; swell front; for T«J«UU H
Prices on Cushions I
Drapery Department I
, we have made great reductions because in |
some lines we have too many— |s
5.50 Satin Ruffled Cushion Heavy Satin ribbon ruffle, Orl- /'ftfl H
»'•;¦;. : entaJahd flowered on rich heavy silk; filled with down, for.HiUU. |
4.00 Silk Rich colors in flower effects, heavy silk filled with Q TT |
down; knotted corners and tassels. An Ideal sofa cushion, for £• I vi U
< 2.00. Picture Cushions Lovely faces and Romantic scenes, I OT H
)¦ pluraply filled^ with feathers. Art and comfort in cushions, I.ZO . g
1. 30 Oriental Cushions Filled with feathers and OA fpntc .¦.'H
- lined; knotted with tasseled cord; soft and serviceble, "U isVlllO >. |
N , 4 "^TncQrcclit* House" 4 SixSiorle3_HisK ; V I
Post Street.* 'PhqtvelpriyaterExf.^/ v : -'i
B.KATSOHINSK!
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
I Nurses' Kid Juliets,
I Rubber Heels.
A shoe specially designed for
nurses, but can be worn by any
lady who wishes ea.se and comfort.
Nurses' Vici Kid Juliets, with
broad coin toes and tips; no seam
down the front; elastic on sides;
turned soles and rubber heels; can
be slipped on in a moment and are
absolutely noiseless. No lacing or
buttoning. THE PRICE ONLY
S1.50 a pair. Sizes 4% to 8,
widths D and E. We are the sole
agents.
I Velour Galf or Vici Kid. j
Ladles' Velour Calf or Vici ¦
K.Id l^aee Shoes, made up in latest I
style, with medium broad coin. toe3 I
«Jid tips, straight-foxed, low mill- If
tary heels and light double soles, p
— with extension edges. Snappy, up- 1
I to-date and guaranteed for wear If
I THE PRICE ONLY «1 .5O a pair! S
J Sizes 2% to S. widths C to EE7 B
J COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED *|
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
I IO THIRD STREET. Yv^ I
5 9 San Francisco. fc|
NEWMAM & ItEVUSISOTSt.Some of the friends of Deputy Bunting
are very anxious that he 'should be hon
ored with a senatorship from this State
in recognition . of past-, services, but much
as. he appreciates the good wishes of the
friends, he declares in most positive terms
that he will not be a candidate, as his
business will not permit him to attend to
the duties that devolve upon that office.
El Cap! tan, Council at its meeting on the
6th Inst. Initiated one stranger and ad
mitted five on transfer cards. The council
decided to get up an entertainment on en
tirely new lines and for that purpose ap
pointed Past President James A. Wilson.
Laurance Vincent and Leo de Cardona as
a committee to arrange for the same.
It will be an open meeting, to which la
mes will be admitted. After the meeting
there was a progressive game of whist,
at the close of which Friend Stark of El
Dorado Council was awarded a silk um
brella as the first prize, Friend Guttman
of El Capitan a gilt clock as the second
and Friends Page and Kyle of the sitting
council the booby prize.
Spencer; basso solo — "The Sentinel Asleep,
William V. Strunz: musical selection, Sichels
orchestra.; comic scene — "Duchess Doramat,
by Esther Hoover. M. E. Duchess Doramat.
Miss Klghter; Jlp. Henry. Miller; stenographer.
May Mlxwell. Miss Hoover. . . ¦ /.¦¦ ,
¦ This : programme will be followed by
dancing. '
California Council on the night of the
5th Inst. had a g-ood attendance of mem
bers at its session. The council decided
to hold an open meeting for the purpose of
inviting, the. wives of members, their lady
relatives and their friends at a date to
be fixed. For the purpose of arranging
for this affair, ¦ Speaker Bendell and
Friends Kerr and • Dr. Estes were ap
pointed a committee. Under good of the
order there were short addresses by
Deputy Bunting and others, also , pleasing
vocal selections by the quartet, of the
council. . . •
THE ,SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
The Ladles' Auxiliary to California Com-'
xnandery No. i,. Knights Templar, will
give a valentine party In the Soros's Club
rooms on the night of the 18th inst. The
Invitations say: "Cards— dancing." This
will be the third of a series of winter
parties arranged* for by the auxiliary and
the first to which any not Knights Tem
plars of California Commandery have
teen Invited.
Ladles' Auxiliary.
The entertainment that is to be given by
Court Yerba Buena under the name of "a
parcel party" will be on the night of
March 12. The committee of arrange
ments promises a very pleasing party to
all members and their friends.
Court Seal Rock of the Independent
Foresters on the night of the 3d inst had
a pleasant valentine party In Devlsadero
Hall. There was a rood attendance, ex
cellent dance music and a fine programme
of dances. During the grand march each
one participating was given a numbered
valentine and it then became the duty of
the recipient to discover who held the
<3urlica.te and claim such as partner for
the evening. One of the handsomest men
of the court who was given a number
when he called for the duplicate of his
number discovered that It was held by
hla wife.
Independent Foresters.
The following named have been installed
as officers of Olympus Parlor No. 189 by
District Deputy Grand President James
P. Dockery, assisted by Harry I.
Mulcrevy as marshal: William L
Burns, P. P.; Henry Joost, P :
William A. McLaughlin, Ralph Camp
bell and John F. Whelan, V. P V
John T. Cosgrave, R. S.; Andrew Mocker'
F. S.; Charles White. M.; Charles L
Hlnkle Jr..' trustee; P. H. Cullen, L S :
David Dixon, O. 8. The Installation, con
cuctea in a most Impressive manner by
the installing officer, was followed by a
social hour, during which songs. Instru
mental music and stories were in order
On the 12th inst this parlor will be offi
cially visited by Grand Trustee Wagner.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West will give its annual ball
in Native Sons' Hall on the night of the
21st Inst. A. F. Schleicher. a member of
the parlor, promises some gTeat novelties
in the line of decorations.
Native Sons.
Daughters of St. George.
The following named have been ap
pcinted a committee by Empress Victoria
Lodge of the Daughters. of St George to
strange for an entertainment to be given
In the Social Hall of the Red Men's build
ing on the night of the 27th inst: Mrs.
Phebe A. "Williams, Mrs. N. Stickney
Mrs. E. Witts, Mrs. E. Harries, Mrs. S:
E. Johnson, Mrs. Hemlngs, Mrs. \ Jewlt
Miss E. Atkinson and Miss .Mabel Smith.
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George has appointed a committee to ar
range for a bonbon party to be given in
the lodgeroom in Pythian Castle on the
26th inst ' — ¦ •¦ '¦¦¦'
Lady Elks.
The members of the Lady Elks, auxiliary
to Golden Gate Lodge No. 1 of the Inde
pendent Elks of America, have arranged
for a valentine party to be given in their
lodgeroom in the Alcazar building on the
night of the 14th inst The committee. In
charge >wlll introduce some new features
during the evening. .
The monthly open meeting of Pickwick
Lodge of the Sons of St George on the
evening of the 3d Inst was an unusually
large one, filling the hall, which had been
most elaborately decorated by Mr. Coates,
a member of 'the lodge, who was not
sparse In the display of British and
American flags. The following high class
programme of songs was successfully car
ried cut: J. B. Brown, "Tommy Atkins";
Mr. Gerrans, the friar's song from ¦ "La
Poupee," "When Tou Were Sweet Six
teen"; Mr. Potter, "It's a Great Big
Shame"; Mr. Rogers, "My Old New
Hampshire Home," "Always": Mr. Jes
sop, "Biscuits in the Bed," "In the Am
munition Van," "Advertisements"; Mr.
Walker, . "Love's Golden Dream," "The
Pilgrim of Love"; Hugh Williamson,
"The Midshlpmite," "The Powder Mon
key," "Rule, Britannia"; Mr. Prior,
"There Are Things That Cannot Be Ex
plained." During the evening Dr. H.
Dlgby Johnston gave a humorous annec
dote of Curran, the celebrated wit After
the programme in the lodgeroom there
¦was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where there was served a substantial col
lation. There President Thomas Butcher
called on Grand President Thomas Brad
bury for a few remarks. He stated that
he nad visited various sections of the
jurisdiction and found the prospects of
the order very encouraging. He com
mended the open meetings of the lodge
and hoped that such would result In In
creasing the membership of the order
He was followed by F. D. Brandon, who
deplored the fact that San Francisco,
with Its large colony of Englishmen, did
not \ have a dozen lodges of the Sons of
St George and expressed the idea that
every man who is English born and de
sires to remain in the United States
should become a citizen thereof.
Sons of St. George.
The Bebekahs.
On the evening of the 1st inst. Walhalla
Lodge of the Rebekahs gave an entertain
ment to its friends In its hall in the Odd
Fellows' building under the supervision of
the entertainment committee, consisting of
Mesdames Grenniger and Ackmann and A.
H. Breckwoldt, the latter acting as chair
man of the evening. The hall was crowd
ed to Its limit and the programme includ
ed an overture by Annie Apparlus:' vocal
solo, Annie Maguire; recitation, Harriet
Solomon; specialties, Elsie and Irene
Wolrlcht; vocal solo, Richard Hunt; pi
ano solo, Miss Ackmann; specialties.
Miss Emma Tremboril, and vocal solo,
Miss B. Campe. The programme was fol
lowed by the serving of a collation, after
which there was dancing until a late
hour. The new officers of the lodge have
expressed a determination to make the so
cial feature one of the attractions for
members and their friends, and the event
of last week was an evidence of the man
ner In which they will entertain.
The San Francisco drill corps has ar
ranged for a valentine party on the night
of the 14th inst. In Welcome Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building. There is to be a
very enjoyable programme that will be
followed by a dance. The committee that
has charge of the affair is composed of:
Mrs. Derby, Mrs. E. M. Cyrus, Alma
Johnson, Ada Bernheimer, Edith Haw
thorne and Mattle Webb.
The visit of the Past Grands' Associa
tion of the subordinates to Oriental Re
bekah Lodge was one of the pleasant
functions of the season. There was a
large attendance and after the welcom
ing of the visitors by Noble Grand Sarah
A. Draffin and an eloquent response by P.
L. Turpin, the president of the visiting as
sociation, there was an evening, of pleas
ure and of profitable Instruction, the serv
ing of refreshments and dancing. The
very enjoyable function was under the di
dectlon of Josle Walworth, Mrs. Meyer
dlnck and Mesdames Clark, Williams,
Beckley and Jarvls. , .
Patriarchs Militant.
The officers of Canton Ridgley were in
stalled last week by Brigadier General H.
O. Brower, assisted by Colonel C. H.
Wever and W. H. Woodbrldge.^ The new
officers are: George F. Hudson/captain;
Karl C. Breuck, lieutenant; C: D.. White,
ensign, and George F. Roesch, clerk. The
installation, which was in the city of
Stockton and was a public one, -was fol
lowed by an interesting musical and lit
erary programme, then dancing.
National Union.
E. H. Hills will be the chairman of the
evening at the entertainment to be given
on the 12th inst. in Odd Fellows' Hall by
the National Union Social and Literary
Club under the patronage of the. San
Francisco Cabinet, on which occasion the
following programme will be presented:
Selections (8 to 8:20), Slchel's •Orchestra
March "Clorlnda" (Haines), selection "Wang"
(Morse): soprano solo — "The Cuckoo Song,"
Miss Mabel Martin (Franz Abt); specialties,
Belle. Laurler .Miller;: violin solo— "Carmen,"
Master Nathan Feuerstein; violin duet — Inter
mezzo "Cavallerla Rustlcana,". Masters Nathan
and Max Feueretein; songs and stories, Lloyd
The noble grand arch and other grand
officers, together with the degree team
o Golden Star Grove, instituted Grand
Grutli Grove at Canada, on the Mission
road, with twenty-three charter members.
The degrees were conferred by P. J.
Molltari, Dr. » SIchel D. Antonovich, W.
J. Antonovich and J. Forcati, and after
the work there was a collation and &
number of speeches. There were present
a number of the members of the grove
in Colma.
The grand officer* paid a visit to the
grove at Cayucos and out of a member
ship of fifty-three there were forty-eight
present There were present Noble Arch
J. W. Knowlton of San Luis Obispo
Grove and G. Boradoro. M. Fumaso, P.
Ferrini and G. AlbertonI of Guadaioupe
Grove. The second degree -was conferred
in the amplified form and the work was
almost perfect It la the Intention of this
team to compete for the prize at the con
test on the 23d of March. The work of
the evening was followed by a banquet
in a hall where the chairs set apart for
tie grand officers were covered with
flowers. The following night the grand
officers, after having driven twenty
miles, were with the grove in San
Luis Obispo, where two strangers were
Initiated by the grand officers. The visit
ing officers gave the grove valuable in
structions.
Noble Grand Arch Godeau and Grand
Secretary Martinoni are making official
visits at this time. They. In company of
Past Noble Grand Arches Lewis, Cavag
naro and Dunand; Grand Treasurer Horn,
Grand Marshal Beck and Grand Trustees
De Leigh and Armstrong, visited the
grove in Llvermore. There were present
about 200 members of the order, including
past arches and members of the groves
in Oakland. Centerville, Haywards,
Pleasanton, San Francisco and Stockton.
On that night the grove,, which is. the
home grove of the grand marshal, initi
ated forty-six e '.rangers by its team, spe
cially organized for the occasion, which
was highly complimented by the grand
officers, who are good judges of the work.
After the work of the evening there was
a banquet, at which Grand Marshal Beck
•was the toastmaeter, and he called upon
a number of those who did not nave an
opportunity to 6peak In the grove. The
principal speech was by Brother 8cott,
who, after welcoming the grand officers
and visitors, entertained all with an in
teresting history of the grove. The ban
quet closed with three cheers for the
noble grand arch and three more for
Livermore Grove.
Olympia Grove at its meeting on the last
Thursday in January conferred the third
degree in the presence of a large attend
ance upon a number of eligibles, who
feelingly expressed their gratification that
the ceremony had be.en conducted in so
impressive a manner.
McKinley Grove 'at Its meeting on the
last Friday in January conferred the sec
ond degree upon five cani— dates add re
ceived one application. Fcr business rea
sons, which prevented Thomas Thornton.
the recording secretary, from being in
the grove at the opening, he tendered his
resignation, which was accepted with re
grets for the step> he- was forced to take,
as he proved a very efficient officer and
willing worker. O. S. Treadwell was
elected to succeed him. On the 7th inst.
the grove conferred the third degree on a
number of those entitled to receive the
same. At the next meeting the first de
gree will be conferred, the second will be
given the subsequent Friday and the third
on the. last Friday in the month. On the
27th the grove will give its first social in
ITnion Square Hall.
Xorma Grove of the United Ancient Or
der of Druids at Its last held meeting con
ferred the Druid's degree- on six candi
dates, Initiated one and received one ap
plication for membership. This grove is
awakening and the indications are that it
•will continue to grow. During the past
three months it has initiated two candi
dates on an average at .each meeting.
Druidism.
Las Tarrosas Parlor, recently insti
tuted, will give its first social in the Red
Men's building on Tuesday, the 11th Inst.
Princess Parlor of Angels Camp, at Its
last-held meeting in January, initiated
seven strangers, the work being done In a
most acceptable manner. After business
the members enjoyed a raviola supper and
then had a lady jinks, which was a great
success. -:¦'-.
Elizabeth Spencer, past grand president,
has returned to this city after an absence
of three years. During her absence she
has graduated from the Still College of
Osteopathy, Iowa.
The visitors at the office of the grand
secretary last week were: Harriet S. Lee
of Woodland, grand marshal; Emma
Thlerbach of La Estrella Parlor, grand
trustee; Elizabeth Douglass of Alta Par
lor, past grand treasurer; Jennie Stark
and Miss Riddell of Las Tarrossas Parlor,
Lena Hammerly of Piedmont Parlor, Mrs.
Poxneroy of Alta Parlor, Lucia Hammer
smith, Mrs. Marks and Hanna Bailey of
Darina Parlor, Dolly Hyams of Sans
Souci Parlor, Frances Connlff of Joaquin
Parlor, Mayme Dougherty of Anelita
Parlor and Mrs. H. M. Greene of Bueiia
Vista Parlor.
Now that the Superior Court has de
cided that troubles in the order that do
not involve personal property or vested
rights r must be disposed of in the grand
body of the organization there is quiet in
the Xative Daughter circles and the par
lor recently Instituted will proceed.
Whether It will retain its standing in the
order will be decided by the delegates to
the next Grand Parlor.
The visit of Grand President Mrs. Baker
to La Istrella Parlor was a very pleasant
one. she being received with a most cor
dial welcome. It proved to be an In
structive visit and much Information of
value to the members was imparted. The
grand president was presented with a fine
silver berry spoon in remembrance of the
visit.
Native Daughters.
Grand Master Nichols paid an official
visit on the night of the ¦ 6th inst. to
Berkeley Lodge of the Odd Fellows, being
accompanied by a number of members of
the order from this. city. .
Among the visitors to, the office of
Grand Secretary Shaw last week was
James Hawley of • Alvarado, a member or
Crusade Lodge, who is 78 years of age
and has been an Odd Fellow for nity
seven years. '¦¦'•.
The trustees of the Odd Fellows prop
erty on Mission street, which was donated
to the order by Sam Brannan in the
early days, have declared a dividend out
of the profits of the property of 40 cents
for each member of the local lodges,
which have a membership aggregating
5022
Parker Lodge at Its last held meeting
had an initiation by the new officers, and
it being their flrst effort they acquitted
themselves In a very creditable manner.
Morse Lodge, which is in the lead in
the contest for prizes offered by District
Deputy Gibson to the lodge initiating the
greatest number of new members during
his term, received two applications at
its last held meeting. ¦ ¦
The German lodges, Hermann, Germa
nia, Harmonie and Concordia of this city,
and Vorwaerts of Oakland, held a district
meeting on the night of the 3d inst. un
der the supervision of District Deputy
Grand Master Trautner in the Odd Fel
lows' building. It was one of the largest
meetings of German Odd Fellows that has
been held in this city for along time.
Many matters that are of interest to that
contingent of the order were discussed.
After the close of the meeting there was
a supper In the banquet hall, where more
than 200 were seated at the several tables.
The committee that had charge of the af
fair was composed of A. H. Breckwoldt.
Charles -Quast and T. "Wittig. After the
supper there were addresses by Messrs.
Breckwoldt, W. T. Webb, Scheuner,
Hahn, L. Conn, Max Lowenthal. A. A.
Freidlander and G. Manning. Between
courses there were vocal selections by the
singing section of Vorwaerts Lodge and a
vocal solo by D. Breckwoldt. ./ •
Odd Fellowship.
/-^>RAND MATRON MRB.
/T"X CLARA A. GIBERSON will
71 W-C\ P av a visit on the. 10th: of
IV \ y March to Olive Branch Chap-
V^J— / teryon which occasion there
will be several candidates to
"initiate. , \
The grand matron paid an official visit
last week to Berkeley Chapter, at which
there were present Mrs. Sturdevant, the
district deputy, the matrons of King Solo
mon and Ivy chapters of this city, the
matron of each of the chapters in Aia
meda and Oakland, Associate Grand Con
ductress Mrs. HIckey arid Past Patron and
Matron of Harmony Chapter Dr. and Mrs.
A. H. Millberry. After the work of the
evening there was a banquet. The grama
matron was presented a handsome ailver
souvenir as a reminder of a very pleasant
meeting with' the chapter. . '
On the night of the 21st Inst. District
Deputy Grand Matron Annie M. Johnson
¦will pay a visit to Golden Gate Chapter.
Beulah Chapter has a number of candi
dates to initiate in the near future.
On the 5th inst. King Solomon Chapter
had a very pleasant meeting, nearly one
hundred members of the order being pres
ent to witness the "new officers initiate
three candidates, it being their first work
in that line. From the remarks of trnso
who spoke under "good or the order it
was evident that the worthy matron, Mrs.
Baehr. and her corps of officers had done
exceedingly well. Among the many pres
ent were Associate Grand Conductress
Mrs. Hickey, Past Grand Patrons John H.
Gray and George L. Darling, Dr. and Mrs.
Blake of Honolulu, Past Grand Organist
Mrs. Nellie A. Darling, Past Matrons Mra.
Millberry, Jennie A; Graves, Mrs. .Bom
field and a number of other past officers.
A bountiful and toothsome collation was
Served after the close of the chapter.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Chapter there was a large attend
ance and a delegation of members and ot
flcers from Ivy, California, Mission, Beu
lah, Harmony and Golden Gate Chapters.
One candidate was balloted for and one
application was' received, after whicli
there ws a pleasant social hour.
FRATERNITIES.
Mizpah Lodge of the Tribe of Ben Hur
had an open meeting in its lodgeroom in
the Odd Fellows' building on the 3d inst.,
when for the entertainment of a large
number of the members and invited guests
there was, under the direction of J.'M.
Custer, presented a programme of pleas
ing numbers. There were recitations by
Jennie Turner, Miss Kenny, Ethel Mc-
Laughlin and R. C. Hall, dialogue by Mrs.
Milk and Hazel Turner, vocal solos by-
Mrs. H. P. Morrow, Lilac Hooper and Al
phonse McDonald, the latter a little tot
of 4 years; Miss Rose McDonald, fancv
dance, cake walk by Lilac Cooper and Al
phonse McDonald, fancy dance by. Mae
and Irene Doollttle and Japanese dancs
by the little Misses Lilac. Cooper a - <d
Violet McDonald. Between numbers there
was dancing for adults. '-
Tribe of Ben Hur.
Ruby Hamberger. Ida Lathrop, 'Annie
Mclntyre, Minnie Thompson and George
Little have been appointed a committee
by California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty to arrange for an entertainment
to be given on the night of the 12th inst.
in celebration of its anniversary. In con
nection there will be introduced a valen
tine feature. , • -. .
Daughters of Liberty.
30
WILL POSITIVELY
SING HERE!
MONDAY EVG.. Feb. IT. WEDNESDAT
EVO., Feb. 19, SATURDAY AFTERNOON
(Washington's Birthday). Feb. 22.
'-¦;.. AT METEOPOUTAN HA1X.
:-*il
MADAME LILLIAN
Desire to keep faith with the pob-
Hc of this city is so great that she
has canceled several engagements
in the north and will return here
immediately after her Portland
appearance.
SAME PROGRAMMES PREVIOUSLY ~~iA
ANNOUNCED. J
Season Ticket* .$2.50. $5.00. $7.00
Single Seats ...'. $1.00, $2.00. $3.00
Season Sale opens To-Morrow Morning »t 9
o'clock at Sherman. Clay & Co.'«. 81n«l« SeaU
ready Wednesday morning.
Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
OVER HALF A HUNDRED ABTISTB.
MR. ADOLPH ROSENBECKER.... Conductor
Assisted by Four Eminent Soloists:
MME, RAGNA UNNE. Soprano.
MR. FRANZ WAGNER. Violoncellist. i '
MR. E. C. TOWNE. Tenor.
HERR JAN VAN OORDT, Violinist.
FOUR SYMPHONIC AND POPULAR
CONCERTS"
METROPOLITAN
WEDNESDAY NIGHT. February 2fith (Men-
delssohn's Scotch Symphony); FRIDAY
NIGHT. February 28th (TachaUtowsliy*a
Pathetique Symphony) ; SATURDAY NIGHT.
March 1 (Raff's Leonore Symphony), and
SATURDAY MATINEE (Great Beethoren-
Wagcer Programme).
POPULAR PRICES.
Direction of Alfred Bouvler and Will 2a*
G reenbaum.
* I SfyLi*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! ~3
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp t 11
— v
"A HIT OF IMMENSE PROPORTIOHfl.'' f
MONDAY. Feb. 10. Third Week at J
The Famous Comic Opera. ,] Jl
Musical Director— PAUL STEINDORFF.
FERRIS HARTMAN, Stage Manager.
A Few of the Fine Musical Numbers, .
"In Old Ben Franklin's Day*."
"With Stealthy Footsteps Falling."
"Old Maida Are Willing to Please.**
"CuDld Will Guide." "Fancies."
"Tbe Little Poster Maid."
Mounted in Superb Style and Suns -by th» V
FINEST COMPANY IN AMERICA. W
Next Opera— THE SERENADE.
. .- 1 ¦ • •-
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c aad 73c.
Telephone Bush 0.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"Jim the_f enman,"
Week Beginning To-Mbrrow (Monday) Evening
FAREWELL WEEK OF
EDWIIN ARDEN
In Hia Most Successful Drama,'
"RAGLAN'S WAY"
POPULAR PRICKS lOc. 15c, 23c. BOc. 78o.
Good Orchestra Seat all Matinees 25c
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— SPECIAL^
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Feb. 14. at ZiXS sharO.
SECOND SYMPHOHY CONCERT
..•/ (Second Series),
Under the Auspices of the
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
PAUL STEINDORFF,
DIRECTOR.
Magnificent Orchestra. ¦" GITJLIO MK^prpi 1 ;.
Concertmelster.
, Reserved Seats, $1 SO, $1. 75c and 50c. On
sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a Tuesday Mora-
Ing at & o'clock. . ¦ .. • . :4 : v ._
LAST CONCERT. FRIDAY. Fob. 23.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show
COMMENCING TO-DAY.
.THE GREAT ST. LEONS,
Celebrated European Acrobats.
V ELL/\ BURT
COASTS THE CHUTE3 ON A BICYCLBti
Thursday Night— THE AMATEURS
IN A NEW NOVELTY.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
RACING
jjrtfr* ' "" "^•fli^* £ very Week Day"
*"^ RalaoFShlno.
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. gharn.
Ferry-boat leaves San Franciaco at 12 a. aad
12:3O. 1. l:S0. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connectln*
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved (or
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with' San Pablo avenus
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These eUctrio
cars go direct to the track to fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after th« last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
1{ EARNY AND WASHINGTON ST8.— RE-
« modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
I CO. European plan. Rooms. 80o to $1 BO day I ,
$5 to $8 week: $3 to $20 month. Free batasjfc _
hot and cold water every room; fir* grate* u
every room; elevator runs alt nifltf.
• In order , to close out the balance of our <
| Unequaled Bargains in TaiJor 'Suits, |
g Raglans, Jackets and Capes, 5
0 ¦ , • 2
I Wiil di pose of the following during this coming j
• W eek, as our Spring; Goods are now almost ready for j
J inspection: . J
1 ODD TAILOR SUITS to be closed out at ]
• $3.93, $4.95, $6.45, $7.95, $8.95 and $10.00 <
'S ODD RAGLANS io be closed out a:\ \
© $4.95, $6,75, $8.95, $9.95 and $12.95 <
3 ODD JACKETS to be closed out a \
% $2.45, $3,95, $4.45, $5.95, $7.45 and $8.95 {
S ODD SILK SKIRTS to be closed out at <
S $7.45, $8.95, $9.95, $12>45 and $15.00 J
I ODD DRESS SKIRTS to be closed out at 5
S $1.25, $1.45, $1.75, 81.95, $2.45, $3 95and$4.95 J
I ODD CLOTH CAPES t > be cosed out at • J
S $1.50, $1.95, $2.95, $3.45, $4.95 and $7.45 J
S ODD CHILDREN'S DRESSES, fancy trimmed, to J
9 be cosed. ou' at J
| $2.45; $3.45, $4.95 and $6.45 J
I 1230-1232-1234 Market St. I
eaoQQsso3o®ce>OQO®Qoeooeeoee®PoooeoQoooag>9OQQ<
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
city— depots, ferries and parka-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
PALACE and
GRANDHOTELS.
; AMUSEMENTS.
THOUSANDS .'.OF PEOPLE
——SAW THE
SPLENDID OPENING
—OF THE
FAmYLAND CARNIVAL
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THE BIGGEST SUCCESS IN 20 YEARS!
; "OUSE PACKED WITH A MERBY THBONG.
r .;"¦ ".: 7 .¦¦¦-.•.;.¦*¦¦... - : -
THE EIiECTBICAL BALLET 150 CBXxJ^ESt.
THE PACIFIC CAT CLUB'S SHOW.
BENNETT'S GBEAT BAND OF SOLOISTS.
TEN REFINED SPECIALTY SHOWS ON THE MIDWAY.
AND A SCORE OF SPECIAL . FEATURES.
NEVER A MOMENT DEVOID OF FUN.
DOORS OPEN FROM 1 TO 11 P. M.
ALL THE WEEK EXCEPT SUNDAY. . -
Single Admissions - - 25c Children -• - - 10c
A POSSIBILITY
A. R. Lewis, M. D., in a lengthy article
In the columns of the American Journal
of Health saya concerning hair: "Its de-
terioration i? a constant source of worri-
ment to humanity, consequently bald peo-
ple are readily deceived 'by 'fake' hair re-
storatives. The wish that a hair prepara-
tion will 'fill the bill 1 is father to the
fancy that.it Is likely to do so. A rare
case in point Is that of Newbro's Herpl-
cidc, which actually does 'fill the bill. 1 It
destroys the parasite that attacks the
hair root • and prevents dandruff,- falling
hair and Baldness:".'
Many Bald People.
That Became a Fact and Pleases
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SFECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
in THERE
UriJJ&xf \ .. ... -
ACCOMMODATE . DC
FOR AIM
SEATS r^l^
Iff" h u A £|
LA I KA I
MATINEE 1
next ;;? ; i : I
wednesdayI
yTolaTllen
AND COMPANY. PRESENTING
In the Palace of the King
Beginning To-morrow, Monday,
LAST SIX NI HT TWO MATINEES.
Seats for Wednesday Matinee Ready Monday.
NEXT ATTRACTION.
' Beginning MONDAY. Feb. 17,
Win. A. Brady's Big Production of the
Successful Bucolic Drama,
"WAY DOWN EAST."
Seat sale opens next Thursday.
commencingTto-night.
—TWO WEEKS—
(MATINEE SATURDAY).
William Greet Presents the. Powerful Young
Heroic Actor.
CHARLES DALTON
In WILSON BARRETT'S Remarkable Drama.
The Sip ffle Cross
A MAGNIFICENT SCENIC ' PRODUCTION.
(SEATS READY.)
COMING! ."^
EWV7V\/\
Weekly Call,$l.QO perYear
AMUSEMENTS.
union couISTpark
JOHN GRACE, Judge ; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - February 9th
Notable Events
in Coursing.
TWO HIGH-
CLASS_STAKES.
104— NOMINATIONS — 104
TRAIN SERVICE. ..•
• Leaves Third and Townijend streets 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m., 12m. and 1 p.. m.; 25th and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course. San
Mateo electric cars every four minutes.
V- ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LAPIES FREE.
BE IAS CO AHoTHAlC&jtjrfQgL
Theater Thoroughly Heated With Steam.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, ! 15c, " 25c
TO-NIGHT—LAST TIMES,
MASTER AND MAN{
THOUSANDS SAW IT THIS WEEK!
PDIfFi EVOS— 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
rnlV£3 MATINEES— — - — -10c, 15c, 25c
TO-MORROW EVGK-ALL NEXT .WEEK, \
The Latest ; N. _T. . Dramatio Success,'..
AYoungWife
6 A."t HHATR ¦>-¦ A >
Belasco & Thall ..........'.......... .Manaeers
MATINEH TO-DAT. ' *
TO-NIGHT— "THE DAN ITESy
T0-M0BR0W~M0NDAY,
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Play,
[THE ROGUE'S COMEDY
' Special Production — Costly Costumes.; .
MATINEE... SATURDAY AND ¦ . SUNDAY!
¦ Beats on Sale Six Day* In Advance. .
¦PRICES — : ; — iBe, 28c, 35c, BOc and 75c
, Next— "THE EXPRESS." • j
Urn J m3 fj^ Bag! KlJnt wF% HT V WSA tfm Iva
Euptnred men. women and children permanently cured in SO days without pain or thi
sllrhtest lnconrenlence by the "Fidelity' 7 Method. More than 20,000 people cured by this sys-
tem. Call or send for our book, which contains a long list of recent testimonials from patient!
who received this treatment rears ago. The . treatment is guaranteed because it is unfailing; lo
Its results. • .;¦¦*> ¦•'¦•'< ¦ . ¦-.,-' ¦ , . ;
PKOPOBITIOK. -
Ton or some member of yonr family may bare a Rupture. Brery person desires to be mads
strong; again, and I take It lor granted that yon care enough tor comfort and assured safety
not to bo an exception. I hare a POSITIVE CUBE, and will guarantee it In «r*ry Eapturs
that ean b* reduced aad held la tbe body durinr the course of treatment.
I will taak* you a squar* business propositloQ — rla. : If yon will- call at my Offlo* I will
•zanlzui jtm fnw of eharse and state the exact amount that It will cost yoa to be cored. You
tun sign aa "jLrtiele of Agreement," wherein you promise to appear for treatment once each
VMS, and then deposit the fee In some bank and obtain a "Certificate of Deposit" made payable
» roorseU, and whan yoa can stand any and all necessary tests to satisfy yourself that your cure
U compute, THEN, and not until THEN, will the endorsed certificate be accepted in payment
cor tbe treatment. Were you to place $1,000 cash on my desk before' being: cured It would not
be s>ee*Pt«d. xou cannot pay until CURED. I bare conducted my practice upon this plan for
Che past elrren years, and hundreds hare accepted the above offer.- and to- this date ! there has
not been a stngU Instance where* the money so deposited was not turned orer to me within 90
day* from the time of beginning treatment. - •*.» ' . : ¦-• ¦
I am the Originator of this pore, and hare instructed ser*ral hundred physicians, who are now
ooedaettnf Office! la all parts of the United States, und til treat their patients upon the same
plan. There U not another" Doctor, er combtaatioa of doctors, «r medleai Institute that will mice
jr©« the abore proposition. • . ¦ • - • "¦¦ ¦ ¦ - . -¦ . <-••:.. ¦.; ¦ . ¦ ..-¦ . -¦.¦¦-..
I will b* pleased to meet anyone aftUeUd with Bupture at my Offices from 9 A. M. U
t P. H~t and fiojwlays iromlO qpttl %. yiDEUTT BTTPTVKE gUBS.
* ***************** **** ************************* *****
t . . : • ¦ ' t
I Dry Goods -^^^^^ Company. *
* „__„— ¦ I
t t . . *
* - .... ' *
£ Spring Tailor-Made Suits are now ready in blouse, Eton J
J and jacket effects— handsomely tailored and perfect *
•* fitting garments, at medium prices in blue, brown, J
$ gray and black. *
I $ 20 AND $ 2S EACH |
- * ' ' [ I
I _ . j
i LADIES' SILK RAGLANS. ||
| CLOTH, SILK AND NET DRESS SKIRTS. *
$ NOVELTY TAILOR-MADE 5UITS I.
!£ In Exclusive Styles and Exceptional Values. *
3 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, J
Jir yl
£E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, Uniin Squire. - 2.
ADVEBTISEITENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft ,/ -O
Week Commencing This Afternoon,
FEBRUARY 9-
Vaudeville
Ambrosia.
MARYNORMAN
Society Caricaturist in Her Drawlng-
Room Monologue.
DEMPSEY & MACK CO.
Presenting "A MAN, OF. CHANCE."
The New Century Cyclists.
3--MARVEL0US MERRILLS-3
Audrey— Boston — Fred.
Winchermann's Trained Bears,
> Direct from Russia. Ursine Marvels.
ROSEANDJEANNETTE
World-Famous Juvenile Dancers.
ADELINA ROATTINO,
"Jf'yJ. Prima Donna Soprano. ', . ;
Faust Comedy ' Trio, '
VICTOR J -ROME, LOTTIE FREMONT
AND HARRY N. WELCH
. In "The Haunted Mill." V
THE BIOGRAPH
With Many Novelties.
. ' "¦ .' LAST WEEK OF
REICHEN'S HAND-BALANCING DOGS
' '¦ Parquet, 25c,* any seat; Balcony, 10c;-
Children, 10c. any part exceDt re-
served.- A few front Orchestra rows
reserved, BOc; front rows of • Balcony,
reserved, 28c. • . ' . .
HOFMANN
' THE GREAT PIANIST.
TWO EXTRA RECITALS.
NEXTWEDNESDAY NIGHT; Feb. 12,
NEXT SAT; -AFTERNOON; Fet 15.
, At i METROPOLITAN HALL. »
CpiTC NOW SELLING AT * Sherman ft
£ L> Aid day's. $2 to 60 cents.New York Grain and Produce
15.991. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 87%c f. o. b.
afloat and 89%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du-
luth, 85%cf. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani-
toba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Trade ln wheat cir-
WASHINGTON. ¦- /
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 8.—WHEAT—Nomi
nal. -¦ Bluestem, M\jc; club. 63%c.
, Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 8.— Consols, 94 ll-16@04%;
sliver, 25 7-lCd; hops, Pacific . Coast, firm, £3
LIVERPOOL,", Feb.' 8.— Wheat." easy; No. 1
standard California, 6s Sd@6s 3«^d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands,'* 21-320. ¦•• ¦-_, ' ,
8950 .barrels; exports. 8812. Slow and barely
steady, without change.
WHEAT — Receipts, 35,150 bushels; exports.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8.— FLOUR — Receipts,'
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 8.— WHEAT— Nomi
nal. Walla Walla, 64 V4@e5c; bluestem," 66&.
OREGON.
Northern, Wheat Market.
JCEW TORK. Feb. 8.— The weekly ban!t
statement came like a dash of cold water ln
the lace of • the market to-day and Induced
precipitate offerings of stocks for a few min
utes. The way in which these offerings were
taken Indicated very strong and de
termined support with large resources
at command and the market rallied
strongly, closing firm with some stocks
at the top prices of the day. Only once
before In the history of the New York Clear-
Ing House has the loan expansion for a week
exceeded that reported to-day of $28,974,300.
For the week ending February 2. 1001. loans
increased $30,440,000. .This was at the time
syndicates were rushing to Becure control of
the promised expansion of the country's credit
resources for the carrying out of the vast pro
jects which afterward electrified the world.
There' can be no doubt that the present loan
expansion represents In part the transfer or
New York Stock Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances ln the general fund,
exclusive of the *150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows : Available
cash balance, $179,338,532; gold. $87,887,779.
PORTLAND. Feb. * 8.— Clearings, $244,241;
balances, $30,668.
SPOKANE, Feb. 8.— Clearings. $184,444; bal
ances, $25,312. ,
TACOMA, Feb. 8.— Clearings, $192,350; bal
ances $22,199. » . /
SEATTLE, Feb. 8. — Clearings, $364,955; bal
ances, $8M82. • ; J :.' .
Northern Business.
NEW. YORK, Feb. 8. — The cotton market
closed steady, net four to eleven points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says: The ac
tivity In Kaffirs was practically the only feat
ure of the stock market to-day. Consols were
firm on continental buying. American shares
were as dull as ditch water, with prices most
ly under parity, owing to some sales against
options and realizations on fears that the
statement of the New York Associated Banks
would make a poor showing.
Copper shares were irregular; Rio Tintos
selling at 45V4 and Anaconda at 7%.
Discount rates are hardening and the mar
ket is still depending on the Bank of England
for supplies.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8.— Although there was
no official call at the Metal Exchange to-day
on metals, some Interest was taken in the cop
per market, buyers and sellers playing for
vantage ground. The tarn, however, seemed
to be ln favor of buyers and it was probable
that lower prices would have to be accepted
In order to place- large lots. Meanwhile prices
stand ¦ on about the same basis quoted yester
day, as follows:
Lake, spot, 12%«()13c; electrolytic, 12%@
12%c, and casting 12%@15c. The local market
for tin was about steady, but very quiet, with
spot quoted at $24 25@24 75. Tinplates were
quoted at $4 at mill. Lead ruled firm at $4 10
@4 15. Spelter was quiet and barely steady
at $4 10. ' ¦ . • ;¦¦,./
New York Metal Market.
Rain has fallen over the entire coast north
of the. Tehachapl. In Southern California
cloudy weather has prevailed but no rain.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
ln the San Joaquln Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 9. 1802:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
wither; probably rain Sunday; brisk south
erly winds; high off 6hore.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday, with
conditions favorable for rain by Sunday night;
light northerly winds, changing to southeast
erly.
Nevada— Rain Sunday, with snow ln the
mountains; freeh southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled wfatht-r Sunday; probably rain; brisk
southerly winds. ' • JLiLl
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The etorm off the Oregon coast, after mov
ing northward, has apparently recurved and is
again off the mouth of the Columbia River.
The pressure is beginning to fall rapidly from
Cape Mendocino to Cape Blanco.
Southeast storm elgnals are displayed from
San Francisco northward.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8. — The Imports of specie
this week were $29,617 gold and $12,270 silver.
The exports for the week were $009,645 sil
ver and $4,2y3,514 gold.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New. York for the week were val
ued at $10,234,424.
Movement of Specie.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Feb. 8.—CATTLE—Re
celtps, 250. Steady; natives, $3 75@6 90; cows
and heifers. $1 50@5 50; veals, $3 75@0 50;
stockers and feeders, $2@4 75. |
HOGS — Receipts. 10,000. Steady; light and
light mixed, $5 (i5@6 15; medium and heavy, $6
@0 45; pigs, $3 75@5 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 75 head. Strong.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Feb. 8. — CATTLE — Receipts,
10C0. Steady; good to prime steers, nominal,
$6 50@7 20; poor to medium, $4@6; stockers
and feeders, $2 50@4 50; cows, $1 25@5; heifers,
$2 50@5 25; canners, $1 25©2 25; bulls, $2 25@
4 55; calves, $2 50@7 60; Texas fed steers, $4 25
@6.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 40,000; Monday.
55.000 estimated. Steady; mixed and butchers,
$G@'G37%; good to choice heavy, $6 30@6 45;
rough heavy, $6 10@6 65; light, $5 75@6; bulk
of sales, $6@6 30.,
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. 'Good to choice wethers, $4G0@5 30;
fair to choice mixed, $3 80@4 00; Western sheep
and yearlings, $4 30@4 66; native lambs, $3 50®
6 50; Western lambs, $5 25@C 40.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
tS: minimum, SI; mean, 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 36-16 1 Washington 40-14
Cincinnati 22- 4' Omaha 16-zero
Philadelphia 38-14;Duluth 12-zero
New York 34-14 ; Chicago 10-zero
Kansas City 24-10 St. Louis 22-10
Jacksonville 66-44! Salt Lake City... 52-36
The Financier says: This week's statement
of the New York Associated Banks showed a
net loss of $2,557,900 in casn, exceeding the
estimates by $1,790,801. There was a gain
of $233,500 In specie, while legal tenders fell
off $2,779,400. It 6eems quite probable that
the decrease in the items of legal . tenders wes
due In great part to paynfents into the treas
ury of these notes by banks retiring circula
tion. Such payments by interior institutions
were made through their New York correspond
ents. The movementof currency to Boston and
Philadelphia during the week most likely con
tributed to the loss of legal tenders by the
banks. The striking feature of the statement
was the Increase of $28,974,300 in loans, mak
ing an increase in this Item since the beginning
of the year $00,545,800. This increase could
scarcely have been wholly due to borrowings on
time by commission houses and it was probab
ly largely the result of loaning to syndicates
who had paid off their foreign loans and had
made contracts with local Institutions. The
gain In loans was reflected In an expansion in
deposits slightly beyond the billion dollar mark,
the increase of $24,684,000 in this Item last
week carrying the total to $1,000,081,900, which
it may be noted is $6,088,000 more than the de
posits at the corresponding date last year and
S11.S32.100 below the largest deposits on
record, $1,012,514,000. March 2, 1901. The sur
plus reserve was reduced by $8,727,125 because
of the Increased reserve requirements and the
loss of cash, and the surplus now stands at
$17,696,225, against $20,362,625 at the cor
responding date a year ago. The statement is
slightly out of harmonyp the gain in deposits
exceeding by $1,733,500 the Increase In loans
less loss of cash. Eight of the larger banks
showed a gain in loans of $28,200,000. Four of
these Institutions which are mosf intimately
connected with Wall street operations showed
an increase in loans of $20,000,000 out of the
$26 200,000 above noted. Four down town
banks reported an increase of $10,000,000 in
specie and six banks showed a decrease 'of
$9 300,000 in this item, making the "net gain
by these ten Institutions $700,000.
Reserves required, $250,170,475; increase,
$6,171,220.
Surplus, $17,896,225; decrease. $8,727,125.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8. — The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows :
Loans. $918,506,000; Increase, $28,974,300.
Deposits^ $1,000,681,900; increase, $24,684,900.
Circulation, $31,301,700; decrease, $63,600.
Legal tenders, $75,023,000; decrease, $2,77C,
400.
Specie, $193,038,700; Increase, $223,500.
Reserves, $268,066,700; decrease, $2,555,900.
Weekh Bank Statement.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 1 % B 1%
Closing 8 1% G 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May.- Aug.
Opening 2145 22 55
Closing 21 50 22 50
Flour —
Opening 26 95 28 15
Closing 26 95 28 10
Le.6t This g Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..,.. 31.77
Red Bluff 0.50 14.74 IS. 40
Sacramento 0.56 8.47 • 13.76
Ban Francisco.... O.97 8. SI 14.53
Fresno -0.02 2.76 ».27
Independence .... 0.00 1.39 5.47
Ban Luis Obispo. . Trace 6.24 20.17
Los Angeles 0.00 4.21 13.29
San Diego 0.00 2.46 6.16
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 8—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date. &.S coirpared with those 01 eame date last
season and rainfalls in last twentyfour hours:
Hogs are firm at the slight Improvement al
ready noted, with moderate receipts. Othor
meats stand the same.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF 6»i®7%c for Steers and 6&7o per lb
t0 VEAl^-Larjre, 809c; small, 8@10o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®8%c; Eires, 7&©3a
— Yearlings. 0©9%c per lb:*Spr!n«
Lamb lie per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 89
«*4c: 2OO lbs ai." over. 5%@5!4c: feeders. 5%e;
sows 20 per cent off; boars. 30 per cent oft.
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo*
tatlons; dressed Hogs. 7>4@9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
General Merchandise*
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo-
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings are weak and can be
night 50c lower than before this last rain.
Hay Is naturally weak, owing to the soft,
rainy weather, but the heavy holders are
standing under the market and keeping it up.
The rain is still mainly confined to the north
ern and central counties, though it Is slowly
working southward. Prices might give way
under a good, soaking storm.
BRAN — $18 5O@1D per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $19®20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; Jobbing,
$2S50@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn Meal.
$31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $17@18 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Wheat. $10@13 60: fancy. $14; Wheat
and Oat, S1O@13 60; Oat. 9@11 50; Alfalfa $Stj>
10; Clover, $7@9; Volunteer, ?6 00®8; Stock, 96
@8 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bean dealers continue to quote a dull and
featureless market.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White,
$3 10@3 25; Large White, $2 75@3; Pea. $3 50®
4; Pink, $1 75@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 50: Black
eye $3 50@3 65; Limas. $4 40@4 60; Red Kid
neys. $3 50®3 75 cer ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 85@3; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 75; Canary,
3%&3%c for' Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strictly fancy Apples are scarce and In de
mand at full figures. Cheaper grades are plen
tiful and move slowly at unsteady prices. The
citrus market continues firm at unchanged
prices. Large sizes of fancy Navels are rather
scarce and command top prices, with some spe
cial brands selling as hgih as $3 per box.
Seedlings and small Navels are plentiful, but
move well at maintained prices. Five cars are
announced for to-morrow's auction. Limes are
easier although prices are no lower. The Pan
ama steamer brought up 365 boxes from, Mex
ico.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50Q2 per box for extra. 73o
©$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for oc-
PEARS — From cold storage. 75cG$2 CO per
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 75c©$l 25
for standards, $1 50®2 for choice and $2@
2 75 for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tange
rines. $1 75@2: Japanese Mandarins. $2 250
2 60; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@1 60; Lemons,
50c@$l for common and $1@1 60 for good to
choice, and $1 75®2 50 for fancy; Grane Fruit.
$1<S2; Mexican Limes. $4@5; Bananas, $1 25@
2 CO per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3©4 per dozen.
Dealers continue to quote a quiet but firmly
held market, with light stocks everywhere.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@S%c for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 8@S^c; sun-dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches. 5@7%c; Pears. 4%@8%c; Plume,
pitted. 4®5%c: unnltted. l@2c; Nectarines. 5@
R%c for red and 5%@0%c for white: Figs, 3c
tor black and 60@75c per box for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, 6@6V4c; 40-50>. 4%@5%c; 50-60' s, 4%
@4%c; 60-70-s, SKQVfa; 70-80's. 3tf@33ic;
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
slow and steady; winter patents, $3 S0&4:
straights, $3 40©3 70; clears, $.'5iy:{ 40; spring
specials, $4 20; patents, $:{ 20(gia 70; straights,
$2 70{!3 10; No. 3 spring wheat, 74; No. 2 !
red M?i£«84 i yjc; No. 2 oats, 43*4 @44%c; No.
2, white. 4G@10%e; No. 3 white, 44%@46c;
No. 2 rye. COc; fair to choice malting barley,
t5O®C4c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 6iJ; No. 1 North
western. $1 72: prime timothy seed. $0 60;
mess pork, per barrel, $15 cottl.' U5; lard, per
100 pounds. $9 25^0 27 V4; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 3o@8 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed) 7@7Uc; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 75628 SO; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 31;
clover^ contract irrade. $9 25.
Articles^ — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 2:t,0*)0 28,000
Wheat, bushels 47,000 ' «2,000
Corn, bushels 59.000 55,000
Oats, bushels 90,000 90.000
Rye. bushels 5.000 6,000
Barley, bushels 37.000 13.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 26@27c; dairies,
15' / < :^22c. Cheese, steady, 9%@il}4c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 25^<J2I)C.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per lOOilbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $*; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $t>S5$8 35;
In sacks. $li 5O@6: Pearl Barley. $5: Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 500
S75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40^3 50:
Oregon, $2 75@3 per barrel for family and %'iQ
3 35 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3@3 35.
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKIXS— Cull* and brands sell
about Uic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. »c: Cow
Hides fie for heavy and 8%c for light:
Stags 7c: 8alted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culla. He:
Dry Kip. 14c; Dry ' CalX. 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15o30o
each; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium. 65<£>
75c long Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
ealt, $2 75©3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
tl 75®-* for small and 60c for Colts; Horsa
Hides dry. $1 75 for Urge. $1 25®1 80 for me
dium $1 25 for «mall and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 85c; tall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 73c; large: and
smooth. 60c; medium, 35c. „, _„
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©8c per lb;
No. 2. 4%®5c; grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquln. 6@Sc; San Joa
qnin Lambs'. 7%©S%c: Middle County 8«10o
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15%c; do.
fall 14815c per lb.
1I0PS 0@10c for- fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10Q15o
tor shipment.
Hides are quiet, and several descriptions ar»
lower.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
May 43 43% 42% 43%
July 37% 37% 37 37%
September 32 % ¦ 32 »4 32 32 %
Mms pork, per barrel —
May 15 80 15 85 15 77 . 15 85
July ' . --15S5 15 92% 15 85 15 92%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 9 45 9 47% 9 42% 9 45
July 9 55 9 55 9 52% 9 55
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 8 60 8 52% 8 47% S 52V'.
July S 57% 8 02% 8 57% 8 02%
Articles — - Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
February 75%
May 77% 78 77% 78
July 77% 78% 77% 78&
Corn No. 2 —
May 61% 62 61% 61%
July 61«i 62 61% 61&
September 60% 60% 60ft 60%
Oats No. 2 —
Prices for everything under this head remain
the same. Stocks of both Butter and Egga con
tinue light, and though receipts of Egga are
now running large they seem to clean up. as
the public are using many more now that the
retail price has got down to 25c for the best
ranch. It Is no trouble to get full figures for
Butter, owing to the moderate stocks, and
Cheese is quoted steady. At the same time,
a continuation, of the present soft moist weather
will probably break both Butter and Eggs in a
few days.
Receipts were 27,300 pounds, 12 tubs and
kegs of Butter. pounds of Eastern Butter,
1003 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs.
7.100 pounds of California Cheese. pounds
of Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27%®28e per lb fo.
flancy, 27c for firsts and 25®2Cc for seconds;
tiairy, 17V4@25c; store Butter, 14017c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll%c; old, 10@llc; Young
America. 12#13c; Eastern. 13® 15c per lb.
EGGS-^-Ranch, 21c for selected large and 19®
20c for good to choice; store. 19c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
"In prunes a fair jobbing trade continues to
be noted, with sales of occasional car lots for
forward delivery from the coast. Spot on fine
new Santa Clara fruit is steady around 6%c
to 6%c for 40-5OS in 25-lb boxes. Stocks of
Santa Claras are reported not to exceed seven
ty-five carloads on the coast for new and
about 100 cars of old. New offer on the 3Vic
four sire basis, with possible purchases at
some ehadlng. Oregon prunes are steady. In
aprlcotx and peaches more trading on the spot
is in order, and some firmness is noted. Dates
are in moderate request for Persians, but no
change is noted in sellers' views. Kards are
quiet. Figs chow firmness with occasional
business. In nuts cpot Tarragona almonds are
easier with offerings at lie. Filberts are also
easier. A exposition to firmness is noted in
Valencia shelled almonds, one holder quoting
23?ic for epot." T
"In raisins, which etill furnish the chief In
terest, there Is considerable firmness to note
among- holders on the spot, but no important
trading. Some Irregularity is noted in the
views cf sellers with choice eeefied in 1-lb
carton* available at 8&c and fancy at &\ic
Most holders, however, quote S%o to 8%c for
chcioe and 6»ic for fancy. A moderate Jobbing
business is doing on the quoted basis, but no
l&r^e lots are being moved, the policy of sell
ers being conservative. The position for spot
is strong with a higher tendency. On<he new
coast basis a few round lots have been sold
for delivery from the coast to Western points,
but little if any buying has been done for de
livery here. Cost to lay down here on seeded
1-lb cartons at the new values Is around 9%c
and until spot advances to about this figure no
extended business for delivery here Is probable.
Spot loose is 6trong and not offered freely. In
Valencia layer raisins the market shows a
somewhat easier tone. Goods to arrive ex-
Ontaneda now due offer ex-dock at 7 Vic. The
¦vessel has around 15,000 boxes. In currants a
little inquiry is reported from the Interior for
uncleased in barrels, but buyers' Ideas appear
etill below the views of sellers. The market
is steady at from 5 9-16c to 5%c for fine
AmaJia grade. Cartons are showing a moder
ate Jobbing interest within the Quoted ranee
according to seller and quality. The Greek
market is reported strong.
Mail reports Irom Xew York say:
Dried Fruits in JVczr York.
COTTOLENE — On* half-barrel. 10%c; tares
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 934c; two tiercen,
:)*ic; five tiercel, 9%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c fcr extra light and 14%®15c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12®12%c:
California Hams. ll@12c; Mess Beef. $9 509
10 per barrel: extra Mesa. $10 50® 11; Family.
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
122 50@23; Mess, $13 50S1U; Smoked Beef.
13%@l4c par pound.
LARD — Tierce*, quoted at 8c per lb for com*
pound and'10%@llc for pure; half barrels.
pure. ll%c; 10-lb Una. ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins. 12c
The San Francisco market continues neglect
ed and weak, with Hams selling at and evea
below cost of Importation.
- Chicago was a shads firmer. Receipts of Bon
for the week were 90,000 against 54.000 duxinff
the same week last year, and large arrivals ara
expected Monday. The general tone was dull
and the cash demand wu not large, but 10ms
support was given the market by the local
packers.
Provisions.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
*-ere $22,090,892, against $18,344,736 during the
eame week last year.
obligations from foreign lenders incurred dur
ing the financial activities of last year to
domestic lenders. That is to say, funds bor
rowed from New York banks are used to pay
off debts to foreigners by the export of gold
But there is a conviction general in Wall
street that large loans are being secured by
syndicates for carrying out new projects. The
features of to-day's market was the notable
buying movement In Reading, active selling of
Manhattan, strength in Metropolitan and i
eharp recovery from an early decline In Amal
gamated Copper. General Electric Jumped S%
and reacted 1%. A number of minor railroad
stocks showed etrength.
The large speculative interests in the mar
ket have made determined efforts all week to
start the market and have met with meas
urable success, in spite of the checks received
from several of the week's developments..
There is no evidence of a large participation
in the market by the general public, but It
is Invariably the rule that the public await*
the initiative of the professionals and refrains
from speculation, no matter how encouraging
the general conditions,; until prices advance,
he professional element In the market has
become impressed with the Idea that consider
able sums have been husbanded to an extent
lat will warrant an upward movement, and
they have been busy with manipulative de
vices to inaugurate the upward movement.
After working 6UcceBSfully for half a day on
Monday they were met with the postponement
>y the Supreme Court of the expected decision
in the Northern Securities case. The morn
ing's gains melted away in a few minutes.
On Tuesday the announcement of . heavy en-
E&grements of sold for export on Thursday had
the same effect. These setbacks proved to be
temporary and the market broadened and
gained considerable activity and strength later
in the week. A feature of the' week has been
the sensational advance in many of the high
grade dividend-paying railroad stocks. Much
wae hoped by the bulls from a decision in
the Northern Securities case, as the uncertainty
of that case is believed to be the principal re
straining Influence on speculative activity. It
was feared the postponement of the decision
for three weeks would keep the market dull
and indifferent, but the uncertainty has been
made to serve a speculative purpose and has
given opportunity for the circulation of many
rumors, which have helped the advance in
stocks. The project for the formation of a
company to control the Metropolitan Street
Railway Company is the latest instance and
has given rise to the supposition that the ulti
mate control of all the Greater New York
transit facilities was in contemplation. Re
newed attention is called to the enormous
amount of capital tied up in last year's strug
gle for control of the Northwestern railroads
and other corporations by the present conditions
in the international exchange market and by
a study of the annual reports In detail of the
New York trust companies. The present ex
port movement of gold is clearly for the pay
ment of foreign obligations which are be
lieved to have been Incurred last spring dur
ng the Northern Pacific struggle. These hav=
been partly renewed from time to time as
the resources of the foreign exchange market
allowed and have partly been paid off by the
gold export movement in the fall. The pres
ent ease of the local money market seems to
be th« inducement for paying- them off at this
time as they mature. But the course of the
loan account of the clearing house banks war
rants the supposition that loans are made In
the local market to meet the foreign obliga
tions, thus transferring the credits from for
eign lenders to domestic. The domestic rail
road condition seems to continue highly pros
perous, as shown by the continued high level
of gross earnings reported from week to week,
while the net returns for December of corn
carrying roads show that the shortage In that
traffic has been more than offset by growth
In general traffic. The demand for all grades
of iron and its products into the second half
of the year is reported in excess of the do
mestic power of production and imports are
In contemplation to meet our demand. The
improved demand for copper, both domestic
and foreign. Is a relief to apprehension In re
pard to that trade. Meantime money con
tinues easy and in apparently abundant sun
ply, notwithstanding the gold exports and the
subscriptions for various new bond issues of
railroads, designed to Increase facilities or to
secure additional lines.
There has been a large business In bonds
and some notable gains in prices.
United States refunding 2s and the old 2s
advanced % per cent over the closing call of
last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 10,500 78% 77U 77%
Atchlson pfd 3,200 98% 98% 98%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,000 104% 104 104%
Bait & Ohio pfd 100 96% 90% 96 V.
Canadian Pacific... 1,500 115 114% 115%
Canada Southern 88
Ches & Ohio 400 46% 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton... 800 34% 33% 33%
Chi & Alton pfd... 3,100 75% 75% 75X1
Chi Ind & Louis... 5,800 53% 52 62%
Chi Ind & Louis pfd 100 77' 77 76%
Chi & East III 100 142% 142% 142%
Chi & Gt West 400 23% 23 23%
Chi & G W A pfd ". 84
Chi & G W B pfd 200 45% 44% 44%
Chi & N W 700 220% 219% 2i9%
ChiRI&P 1,000 164% 163% 101%
Chi Term & Trans i<j
Chi T & T pfd 800 31% 31 31U,
C C C & St L 1.000 104% 103% 104
Colorado Southern. 2,100 15% ' 15% 15%
Colo So 1st pfd... 100 65% 65% 65%
Colo So 2d pfd 400 42V4 42 - 42
Delaware & Hudson 400 174 173 % 172%
Del Lack & West. 400 287 285 285
D & R G 100 44% 44% 44%
D &. R_G pfd 800 93V4 93% 93*.
Erie 8.400 39% Z'J% 30%
Erie 1st pfd 2,200 69% 69% 09V,
Erie 2d pfd 500 56% 56% 50%
Gt Northern pfd... 600 183 188 188
Hocking Valley 68%
Hocking Valley pfd 100 84% 84% 84 u
Illinois Central ... 3,200 142% 141% 142%
Iowa Central 7,500 44% 43% 44 Vi
Iowa Central pfd... 1,800 79»4 78% 78%
Lake Erie & West' 69
LE&Wpfd 135
Louis & Nash 2,300 105% 104% 104%
Manhattan L 12,100 134% 133 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 11.200 173% 172% 173%
Mexican Central .: 1,700 29 29 2S%
Mexican National . 400 16% 16% ltffe
Minn & St Louis.. 1,100 108% 108 lOb'i
Missouri Pacific ... 2,500 104 103 103 V 4
MK&T 24 U
M K & T pf d 100 62% 62%, 52%
New Jersey Central 100 194% 194% 194
New York Central. -6.300 164% 163% 164%
Norfolk & West.... 600 57% 57 5<j|t
Nor & West pfd... 90%
Ontario & Western 2,000 34% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 6,700 150% 149% 150%
Reading 3,600 67% 50% 57%
Reading 1st pfd 7,700 83 82% fc2&
Reading 2d pfd.... 20,900 64% 63% 64%
St L & S F 100 02% 62% 62%
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 85 85 84%
St L & S F 2d pfd 100 74% 74% 74%
St. Louis SW 500 26y 4 23$ 20
St Louis SW pfd 5Si/
St. Paul 11,600 166% 165% 165%
St. Paul pfd 600 192 192 191%
Southern Pacific .. 2,200 65 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 2,600 33% 32% 32%
So Railway pfd.... 400 95% 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific 300 38% -38%- 38%
T St. L & West... 4,400 22% 21 14 22Vi
T St. L & West pfd 9,100 41% 40 40%
Union Pacific 7,100 103 102>S4 102^7
Union Pacific pfd. . 200 89% 89% 89&
Wabanh 3,600 23% 23 23
Wabaah pfd ...... 3.100 44ft 43% 43%
Wheeling & L E 17 i?
W & L E 2d pfd.. 100 29 29 29
Wisconsin ¦ Central .... 20
Express Companies —
Adams : .. .... 210
American 200 23D 229 228
United States .... 500 124 123& 122
Wells Fargo .'. 195
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 24,100 73% 72 V73U
AmerCar & Foun.. 600 29 28% -29
Amer C & F pfd.. 800 87% 87% 87^
Amer Lin Oil .... 21%
Amer Lin Oil pfd .... -47%
Amer S & Ref 700 47% 47 47
Amer S & Ref pfd. 100 97% 97«4 97%
American Locomo.. 1,300 32 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd.... ..;.-...... .... 92
> Anaconda Mln Co. 100 38% 33% 33^
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 16@18c; Live
Hens; Geese, per pair, fl 60@l 75; Goslings.
Wa- 25: Ducks. $5Q5 SO for old and |«©7 for
young; Hens, |4 5006; young Roosters, $5@5 50;
old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $4@5; Broilers,
$4@5 for large and $3@3 60 for small; Pigeons,
¥ 1 25® 1 50 per dozen for old and S2 5O®3 for
b< GAME— Hare. 75c<g|l; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese.
$3 50®4; White Geese. $1@1 25; Brant. $160®
2 50 per dozen: Honkers. *3@4 5o; Englis.1
Snipe, $3@3 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50®2; Bobbins,
$1 50 per dozen.
Game was plentiful and moved well at
previous prices, with the exception of Hare,
which were in heavy receipt and'lower.
Receipts of Poultry were light and the mar
ket was unusually brisk for Saturday. J>ressed
Turkeys were in very light receipt. Only 3
cases came In and the market could have used
more. Three cars' of Eastern Poultry are
scheduled for 1 to-morrow's market.
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO, Feb. 8. — The narrow up and
down market in wheat that has characterized
speculation In that cereal for some time past
began again to-day at the opening. Wheat had
to defend itself from the depression of lower
cables and the coarse grain weakness that still
made itself manifest. Weather conditions were
also against the bulls and at the start St. Louis
and commission houses sold liberally. May
opened %@Uc lower at 7"V4@77%c to 77%@
77%c, but at once began to show. signs of
strength. Commission houses had some orders
late, shorts covering" and the crowd began to
buy. May soon touched 78c, but on recurrent
weakness In the coarse grains eased oft at
times. At the close, however. May was firm,
%c up, at 77%@7Sc.
Corn again led In the decline which opened
business to-day and its recovery was slow and
labored. The local pit was crowded the early
part of the short sessloa and selling pressed
prices downward. Later the market ruled dull,
shorts covered and .with wheat May reacted
weakly, closing weak, %c down, at 61%c.
Oats had a nervous, shifting market. It de
clined with corn, but recovered later. May
closed rather weak, %c lower, at 43ftc.
Provisions were dulr 1 and easy. May pork
closed 5c lower, lard 2V4c lower and ribs un
changed.
The leading futures ranged as folows:
SO-OO-s. 2%©3%c; W-lCCs. 2%®2%c per Id.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown. 6%
<37%c; Loose Muscatels. 6V»c for 4-crowa and
OVic for seedless; 3-crown, tic; 2-crown. 5%c;
£eedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7'tf
3ttc for bleached Clusters— Imperial, $3; De
beaa $2 50; Fancy. 91 75; London Layers.
(1 25©1 35.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 11912c: Walnuts. No. X
Boftahell. 9%c; No. 2. 8@£%c; No. 1 hardshell.
be; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
ahell. SOlOo {or softshell and 6©7c for hard*
¦hell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nut*.
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12ftc; Pecans. Il@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 11912c for bright and 10t>
lie for Ugbt amber; water white extracted,
5©6c; light amber extracted. 4&5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@-JDc per lb.
Weekly bank clearings gain, as usual.
Silver and Exchange stand about the same.
Local stocks and bonds dull. New York stocks irregular.
Heavy cash demand for Wheat reported here. '
Barley futures zveakened by the rain.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds still dull. . ¦'
Bran and Middlings 50c loiver.
Hay weak, but holders keep market from breaking.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Dried Fruits continue quiet but firm.
Provisions apathetic, here and at Chicago.
Hogs firm under moderate receipts.
Continued prospects for lower-priced Coal.
Potatoes firm, Onions easy and Vegetables lower.
Receipts of Poultry light and of Game liberal.
Fine Apples and Oranges in demand and firm.
Some descriptions of Hides lower.
CORN— Chicago declined from C2%c to 61%c,
but recovered to 61 %c. The opening wan
steady, with no pressure to sell, but later on
a vigorous bear raid weakened the whole line
of grains. The raid was due to liquidation
by Southwestern holders. The market looked
lower.
There was nothing new here, the market re
maining quiet.
. Large yellow, $1 37%(gl 45; small round
do $1 50; white, $1 30(5-1 40 per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at 85®90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted' at $1 «55 per ctl.
Grays. |1 22%@1 30; whites. $1 25<@1 42%;
Surprise. $1 4001 45; black. $1 12%@1 22%
for feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red,
$1 27%@1 37% per ctl for feed and $1 35®
1 42% for seed.
Regular Morning Session— May — 22,000 ctls.
85%c; 2000, 85%c; 12,000. 85%c; 4000. 85Vic;
2000, 85 %c; 2000. 85c.
OATS— Chicago reports considerable liquida
tion, with a lower-looking market. The San
Francisco market continues quiet and un
changed.
Feed, itt&c for choice bright, 90@01Uc for
No. 1 and 87%@88%c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 95@97%c; Chevalier, 05c©
$1 20 per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES. a
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 6000
ctls, 85'Ac. '
Second Session — No salea.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 20,000
ctis, ?1 08%. , ; " .
Second Session — May — 1000 ctls, $1 08%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 08%. . »
BARLEY— Although the rain thus . far has
been mainly confined to the northern and cen
tral parts of - the State, - the San Joaquln. Sa
linas and southern districts getting very little.
It has been sufficient to depress futures some
what, as will be seen. Spot quotations remain
unchanged.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT The ! week closed on dull markets
all over the world, with lower Paris and Liv
erpool futures. v : _.,
Chicago declined from 77%c to 77%o and
recovered to 78c. The market was -dull, but
there were more buyers than sellers. The
market appeared locally oversold, but consid
erable off-grade wheat has lately been worked
and lighter receipts are beginning to attract
attention. » Cars from the Northwest <*«*?«
the week numbered 1600. against 2500 for the
same week last year. The leaders bought on
an anticipated decrease in the visible supply.
Stocks at Minneapolis decreased 385,783 bush
els during the week. A bear raid on corn
had a tendency to weaken everything, but
wheat yielded stubbornly and very little came
out.
- It is an old saying that one has to go away
from home to learn the news. During the past
week this market has been quoted dull by lead
ing operators, but private wires from Chicago
say that the cash demand at San Francisco has
been the heaviest ever known, and yesterday
this news was confirmed by San Francisco par
ties. This heavy demand is said to be on
shipping account, but prices remain the same
all around. - . - '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%; milling, $1 10
®1 12% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Brooklyn Rapid T. . 6,400 67% 06% - 66%
Colorado Fuel & I.. 500 S6>i 80fo, 8«!4
Consolidated Gas.. - 100.218 218 217
Continental T pfd. 200 117 110% 117
General Electric... 3,000 292 284% 29O>4
Glucose Sugar 300 48% 48^48%
Hocking Coal . 300 18 17 17%
International Paper 400 20 19% . 19 Vi
nternational P pfd 1,800 75 75 74%
nternatlonal Power .... 80
..aclede Gas .... 90
¦rational Biscuit... 700 45 V4 45 Vi 45
National Lead '17%
National Salt -....' 30
¦rational Salt pfd 64 •
"forth American 92&
Pacific Coast ..... ' 74
Pacific Mail 100 45V4 45'/i 45
People's Gas 400 101 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car . 40
Pressed Steel C pfd " : 84
Pullman Pal Car 219
Republic Steel 1,900 16% 10 . • 10
Republic Steel pfd. 400 69 U8>,£ 08>,i
Sugar 15.600 129% 128 128^
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.S0O 64 '4 (54 . C4.
Union B & P Co.. 400 15 14% 13
Union B & P Co pt>l 2G0 75 - 75 74
U S Leather 100 11%~ 11% U'/i
US Leather pfd 81Vi
U S Rubber UV2
U S Rubber pfd » 51 \' 2
U S Steel 7C.600 4M% 43>4 43*.
U S Steel pfd . 1.000 93% 03% 93 14
Western Union 600 91 14 91 90%
Total shares sold.342,700
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. ..lOSVilL & NUnl 4s 101 K
Do ref 2s coup. 108V* Mex Central 4s...S2'/a
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st lnc 32%
Do 3s coup 1CS% Minn & St L 4s.. 104
Do new 4s reg..l3i» M K & T 4s. !)9
Do new 4s coup.fW Do 2ds 81%
Do old 4s reg... 112 N Y Central lsts.103
Do old 4s coup. 112 Do gen 3%s... 108
Do 5s reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s..l3U4£
Do 5s coup 10« Northern Pac 4s.. 105^
Atchlson gen 4s. .103% Do 3s 7iy H
Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4s 103yi
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 104 Reading Gen 4s.. 9'J
Do3%s 96% S L & I M con 5s.ll7»i
Do conv 4s 106% S L & & F 4s.... 97U
Canada Sou 2ds..llO S L SW lsts 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 111 Do 2ds 7»i4
Do 1st inc 79% S A &-Ar Pas 4s. 91
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% Sou Pac 4s. 94%
Chic & A :{%«... 3414 Sou Ry 5s 120
C B & Q new 4s.. 90% Tex & Pac lsts.. 121
*C M & S P gen 4s.ll4 Tol St L & W 4s. 85'i
C & NW con 4s. 138% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s 110% Do conv 4s 100%
CCC& S L gen 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts 118%
Chic Term 4s 87>,i Do 2ds 112
Colo & Sou 4s 92% Do Deb B 6l)%
D & RG 4s 102% West Shore 4s... .113
Erie prior lien 4s. 08% W & L E 4s 'Ml*
Do Gen 4s &$% Wis Cent 4s SS%
F W & D C lsts.. 109% Con Tob 4s 65%
Hock Val 4%s...lO8%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ¦
Money — i Do pfd 93%
Call loans 3@4 Westngh Common 87'^
Time loans ....3Vj@4>i Mining —
Bonds — Adventure 22
Atchlson 4s 102 Allouez 3%
Gas lsts S3 Amalgamated ... 73%
Mex Central 4s... JSO Baltic 38%
Is* E G & Coke... 54 Blngham 23%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.64lh
Atchison 77 >i Centennial 12 H
Do pfd 98%i Copper Range 59
Boston & Albany. 262% Dominion Coal .. 70
Boston & Maine.. 192 Franklin 14
Boston Elevated. .Its; Isle Royale 22'^
N' Y N H & H...21«(% Mohawk S4Vi
Fltchburg pfd ...144 Old Dominion ... 22 Vi
Union Pacific ....102% Osceola «2»i
Mex Central 29'i Parrot 3l>£
Iliscelaneous — Quincy 140
Amer Sugar 12S% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Do pfd 118% Tamarack 2."r<
Amer T & T 159 Trimountain 7:>%
Gen Electric ....2t)0% Trinity lS»i
Mass Electric ... 34% t United States .... 17 |
Do pfd 94 I Utah 24% 1
N E G & Coke... 3% Victoria 5Vi I
United Fruit S7V- Winor.a 1%
U S Steel 43% Wolverine 50%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money. . 94^4 Mo K & T 25
Do account. .94 15-10 Do prefd 54
Anaconda 6% N Y Central..:.. 167% '
Atchison 79% Nor & West .... 58%
Do prefd 100% Do prefd 94%
Balto & Ohio 107 Ontario & West.. 34%
'Canadian Pac ..118 So Ry .• 33-J4
Ches & Ohio 47 Do prefd i.. 97
Chicago G W... 23% So Pacific K«%
Chi Mil & St P.. .170% Union Pacific ...105%
Denver & R G.. 45% Do prefd 07%
Do prefd 95% U S Steel 44%
Erie. 40% Do prefd 00
Do 1st prefd... 71% Wabash ......... 24
Do 2d prefd ... 67 Do prefd ...... 45
Illinois Cent 145% Spanish 4s 77«£
Louis & Nash ...107%
Bar Silver quiet, 25 7-16d per ounce.
Money, 2Vt<&2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is .2 11-16 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20!Ll«le Cn i ef l:
Alice 45!Ontarlo 6 75
Breece 65 Ophlr So
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tunnel. .05% Potosi 10
Con Cal & Va 1 2n Savage 07
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... 12
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 35
Iron Silver 64 Standard 3 40
Leadvllle Con .... 05
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — - $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 7 25
Sterling Cables .....;... — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — J-»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce ..; —• 5xJ*
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... 45 © 40%
Exchange and Bullion.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, nominal; Green
Peas from Los Angeles, 7@10c; String. Beans
from Los Angeles, 12%@15c, including Wax;
Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los Angeles Toma
toes, $2 per box and $2 50® 2 75 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $2@3 per box; Dried Pep
pers, 12%@15c per lb; Los Angeles do, loQ
17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@15c per lb: Carrots,
35@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. $1@
1 25 per dozen for large and 50@75c for small ;
Garlic. lY*&2Y*c; Los Angeles Green Peppers.
,25c; Mexican do. 20@25c; Egg Plant from Los
'Angeles, 25c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles, $1 75@2 25; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $S®10; Mushrooms.
13@25c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregons. $2 25@2 75, first bands:
Australian,. $3@3 25; Nevada. $2 75; Green
Onions, 50® 65c per box.
POTATOES— $1 10@l 35 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Valley Burbanks, $1 50®
1 85; Oregon Burbanks, $1 25@1 65; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. $1 40@l 50; River Reds. $1 5O@
1 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 50«?l 00; small
Burbanks, for seed, $1 35@1 45; Sweets. $1 30
@1 40 for Merced.
Receipts of Southern Vegetables were more
liberal yesterday, and as the demand was
slack most kinds were lower. There was a
steady inquiry for Mushrooms ' and Rhubarb,
with none of the latter offering. Green Onions
are becoming more plentiful and meet with
ready sale at the quotations.
Recelpta of Potatoes durln g th« past week
have been light and fancy offerings ar« scarce
and high. Two cars of Burbanka arrived from
Salinas Valley and sold at a sharp advance.
The rain has caused a demand for Seed Po
tatoes and there Is a strong feeling in these
goods. Onions remain unchanged . and easy,
as fresh supplies are expected to-day.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples shows no
important change to-day. Demand Is light
and prices/are about steady. State, common to
good, are quoted at 7@8%c; prime, 8%@9%c;
choice, 9 J /4@10c; fancy. • 10Vi@llc. "i »
California dried fruits show little movement
or feature and remain quiet.
PRUNES— 3 T;@6%C.
APRICOTS— 10@14c: Moorpark, 954131214c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 7}4@
Oi£c. •. •
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild,' quiet; Cordova, S@12c. Futures
closed steady. 5. to 10 points higher. Total
sales were 20,500 bags, including: March,
$5 35; June, $5 00: July, $5 70: September,
$5 S5@5 00; December, |C 05@(l 10; January,
$G 10. .
SUGAR — Raw, steady: fair refining. 3 3-16c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c; refined, steady; No. 6, 4.20c; No. 7.
4.10c; No. 8. '3.00c; No. 9, 3.85c; No. 10,
3.80c; No. 11, 3. 75c;. No. 12, 3.80c; No. 13,
3.75c; No. 14. 3.75c; standard A, 4.55c; con
fectioners' A, 4.55c; mold A. 5.10c: cut loaf,'
5.25c; crushed. 5.25c: powdered, 4.85c; granu
lated, 4.75c; cubes, 5c. ..-.¦
cles was very ¦ dull . again, promoting early
weakness In connection with lower cables and
corn decline. Later ' the market 'rallied on
covering and. light 'offerings; from outside
sources. The close was rather firm at %c net
advance. March closed . 84c; . May. 83 U@
83 9-16c. closed 83%c: July, 83W,@S3%c, closed
83%c.
HOPS— Quiet; choice 1901 crop, ll@lGc; Pa
cific Coast, 1901 crop, Hi£<gl5c.
HIDES— Quiet: Galveston, to 25 pounds,
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19V4c.
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece, 20@28c.
8%e: Rape. 1UO1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAVNlles, *1 25@1 «; Green.
?1 25®1 SO per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRTTAllY 9. 1 902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
«
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirty-Five.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
31
STATIONS.
a
I
5
S g 0
9St?I if
rifi b
: s : 3 • D
to
I
p
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatfllo, Ida
Independence
Lou Angreles.
Phoenix
Portland ....
Red Bluff ...
Roseburx
Sacramento .
Salt Lake . . .
San Franciscc
S. L. Oblspo.
San Diego . . .
Seattle
Spokane . . . .
Neah Bay . .
Walla Walla.
Winnemucca
Tuma.
.29.76
.30.12
.30.16
.30.24
.30.28
1.30.16
.30.14
.30.18
..30.12
..29.88
.30.12
..29. 6S
..30.20
..30.16
O.20.20
..30.26
..E0.20
..29.88
-.30.16
..29.74
..30.06
.30.12
..30.08
SO
40
50
64
44
44
54
62
70
52
52
56
&6
50
68
(A
60
50
44
46
48
48
74
40
34
34
42
14
34
30
44
38
40
48
42
50
34
50
42
48
40
32
40
28
30
42
SE
BE
8
K
W
SE
SE
W
w
E
EE
BE
SE
8
s
w
KW
BE
SE
E
S
6W
K
Rain .54
Rain .10
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .02
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .08
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .0")
Pt Cldy .00
Rain .22
Cloudy .50
Cloudy .08
Cloudy .56
Pt Cldy T.
Clondy .97
Pt Cldy T.
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .26
Cloudy .38
Rain .70
Cloudy .15
Rain .01
Clear .00
STATIONS.
a
I
5
S g 0
9St?I if
rifi b
: s : 3 • D
to
I
p
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatfllo, Ida
Independence
Lou Angreles.
Phoenix
Portland ....
Red Bluff ...
Roseburx
Sacramento .
Salt Lake . . .
San Franciscc
S. L. Oblspo.
San Diego . . .
Seattle
Spokane . . . .
Neah Bay . .
Walla Walla.
Winnemucca
Tuma.
.29.76
.30.12
.30.16
.30.24
.30.28
1.30.16
.30.14
.30.18
..30.12
..29.88
.30.12
..29. 6S
..30.20
..30.16
O.20.20
..30.26
..E0.20
..29.88
-.30.16
..29.74
..30.06
.30.12
..30.08
SO
40
50
64
44
44
54
62
70
52
52
56
&6
50
68
(A
60
50
44
46
48
48
74
40
34
34
42
14
34
30
44
38
40
48
42
50
34
50
42
48
40
32
40
28
30
42
SE
BE
8
K
W
SE
SE
W
w
E
EE
BE
SE
8
s
w
KW
BE
SE
E
S
6W
K
Rain .54
Rain .10
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .02
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .08
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .0")
Pt Cldy .00
Rain .22
Cloudy .50
Cloudy .08
Cloudy .56
Pt Cldy T.
Clondy .97
Pt Cldy T.
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .26
Cloudy .38
Rain .70
Cloudy .15
Rain .01
Clear .00
MINING feTPPI 'DA ft MERCHANDISING
SMELTING 5> 1 CCL IvAlLaO LUMBERING
* STRUCTURAL STEEL AND IRON
6— ; ; ; : ; ; O
THE BANNER INVESTMENT OFFERING OF THE YEAR
Igg TACOMA COMPANY
The "Tacoma Company" is the unpreten- I rltory there Is little doubt. It occupies "For several months past representa-
tions title of a corporation that bids fair,. the Held alone, has large resources, and is tlves of a strong syndicate have been look-
even in Its Inception, to become to the officered by men - whose names stand as i:ng over the Pacific Coast from Mexico to
Pacific Coast what the great steel plants synonyms for success. The trustees are Alaska examining ln the most critical ana
of Pennsylvania and other Middle States men of Intesrrity and business ability, as thorough manner the Iron and coking coal
are to the East. the following list will attest: deposits in order to determine the posslbll-
QPOPT? OP TTTT. BUSINESS-As PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY. H y . of C8 i abl!snln ff furnaces, rolling mills.
ns S^e E ina ) ifateWhe-?a J s? 1 o?tn S e b c7m- HENRY HEWITT JR.. Tacoma. presi- S^und "LuT^SFLdZSSS
pany's operations will beat Taeoma, dent, treasurer SI. Paul and Tacoma Lum- as" O cikte3 rV^arlinV the Ibllltv to find
Washington, at which point are exceptional ber Company, nresident Everett National f-^n and coal in sufficient auaitltv and^f
facilities for the building and operating of Bank, president Wilkeson Coal and Coke uSs r urtit quality for a laree Dltnt but they
the rolling mills, smelters, lumberyards. Company, and largest owner of timber are now In a noslflon to dls^ an doubt
docks, etc.. required in the conduct of the lands. In washlaston. ? «Dioration1 "jSJUtas^successful bh
large business planned. From this central •; A. J. HAYWARD. Tacoma. capitalist S eT D e«atloT ThTy Lve found larw
vantage point will radiate arms of the and owner extensive coal lands ln Wash- I?™ *Soslta In Washington British Co-
n e!aHn~d 8 STS^S^^. T^t £jSffi INGERSOLI, Tacoma. president SS!V?£. A^& £d SS^fiSi/S
ton. to the extensive Iron deposits -situate Ta £ cm . a Elevator and Warehouse Company water. They have been equally success-
on deep water In British Columbia to the and director Lumbermen s National Bank fal ln securlns coklns large quantl-
famous "Marble Bay" mines and lime- C.W. THOMPSON Tacoma, president t | es> acces8lD i e t0 tlde water and cheap
stone quarries on Texada Island, and Mcntezuma Mining Company, • president transportation. This coal makes coke
reaching in Its ramifications even to Washington Co-oaerative Minlnsr Syndi- equal to that produced at Connellsville in
Alaska. New, but proven, properties are ca te. ; , Pennsylvania. These coal fields are in the
being absorbed almost dally. -.-<:*' -W- E- BLEVH*. cashier Lumbermen s vicinity of Seattle and Tacoma. Pigiron
SOME OP THB PKOFRT»TIKS- . j'T mSsTTSB. Seattle, consulting § n 5 ton^and^le^ta^? across* &l
The mines bought by "The Tacoma Com- engineer Montezuma Mining Company and Jm.tinent i 3 S12 ton "piairon and
pany" are for the most part producing Washington Co-ocerative Mlnins Syndi- '?''', '"JSf.'J^ c *^^do^d afrtSSlT ra
properties. For lllustration-the great cate: confessedly the leading mining en- |^SU Sound^thty a^ Sr^5^ la Mtu
"Marble Bay" property on Texada Island gl ncer of the Northwest. lu« or B?rm1n-h^m lab^r and raw
was. being worked in a. small way and .." A . O. FOSTER. United States Senator ££& r ili costing the JanU The^-eJeiU
shipping a thousand tons of ore a month. from Washington, and Mr. Hewitt's part- "tl I tariff acrosf the consent would thus
at a. profit of ..$12,000 when bought. The. ncr In various business concerns: Is a I?" *?_!* a f Tiear DiSflt of *1^ a ton w
"Tacoma Company" will double and treble shareholder and a moving spirit in the en- «Vin« Ea«em iron Tk« consnmDtion of
and quadruple the output of this great terprise. v . . . f«£^ o _ *?", "Sim' ?' Coast ?° 10W tons a
property, and the profits will be increased It will be seen that the Directorate of ,™ with inSn 2 demanV The Orit
. correspondingly. This "Marble Bay" prop- the new company embraces the strongest "^180 afford™* great market It Is the
erty Includes, besides the mine Itself, a financial and business talent of the Pacific %?„$£ ? of the syndicate to^build a plant
limestone quarry, lime kilns, townslte. Coast. These men are not mere figure- wlt h a present capacity of 1000 tons dally
hotel, etc., the whole embracing 1200 acres heads but are working heart and soul d ud f t lt a , demand requires. They
of the most highly mineralized section of for the success of the Company, which , 0 k upon Pac j flc Coast as the greatest
Texada Island. . From the quarries are success will, without doubt, be realized. unoccupied »ron field In the world, where
shipped several thousand barrels of lime Mr Hewitt tells us the Company must and trusts or combinations cut no flsure and
monthly- to Honolulu and to . various , Pa- will be a success,, and the fact that he ] ar ge profits are permanently assured. They
cine Coast points. •.- . ; - ,*, hes never made a failure of any business receiving irreat encouragement from
' Tun-NT" TWT-KT-PCS— The "Tacoma Com- venture , ln itself means much for the new foun dry and shlp-buildlns people all over
pa : n? P oins^rl^neI h o e n Tex^T Island daHmfo^h^old^e " erm ' ** th * S lflc Coa^and all assure them un-
and Barclay Sound. B. C. and in Skagit PV7WT5 rA e T bounded success."
rvmntv WaHhinzton that will supply more lAIJYUJMljr XiVxiJ\l.£> lAol
¦m n t&™iv^*^\V^™tJSSZ THETB SFADOWS BEFORE."- FOTXOWING A GOOD LEAD.-
and has other valuable properties under The plans of the Tacoma Company* were The "Tacoma ComDany" has adopted the
bond. " made the subject of' careful study. The p , M th&t brought success to the Monte-
llJJ^fiPSffi 0^^ --SSS:- 0^! - M^ C ™»£\<? ™f^°*
S^flVto do the steel iron and coal bus 1- mer ln a dispatch to the New York Com- sJso). and offers its shares for popular sub-
ness of the Pacific Northwest, and ln ad- .menial, which. In the light of recent rcriptlon at a price consistent with enr-
5f».rn a - mlntnV smelting lum- events, proves to have been .well founded. rent values. Prices will be advanced to
$^&4g^l^X$toJF™it™l since ihe syndicate referred to i. the "Ta- keep pace with development of the various
control -the steel and iron trade of Its ter-- coma." -The dispatch says: enterprises of the Company.
1 '" l - TWIT A T WV TTAVP TO OFPEHr-One hundred ¦ thousand shares cf the first issue of stock !s all we will be per-
mitted to sell at The* opening price of Oc^itsnet cash., This price will hold good only till February 15. but the small block of
stock- will not last until. that time. • . .
Txrm.1?. ¦VOTTR. "CVW-TWRS — "We especially desire to favor those of our clients as wish these shares. Any such who can-
nft t reachus by letter on Tuesday may wire, their orders ."collect." when we will reserve the amount of the order. Or a deposit
Sf 10 per cent of the order, will hold the stock. We reserve the right to decline orders Incase of over-subscription.
© ¦dt/i fi A"PTT A T.T55 A TTfi'W FOR J*TQ W0"RK— The wide scope of the Company's plan? and large Interests Involved
¦¦'' make a large'capltallzation necessary. The "Tacoma Company" is capitalized at $25,000,000 (par value of shares »1.00). with
snOOOObo set aside for the purchase of , properties and $20,000,000 in the .treasury. Only so much of the stock will be sold, how-
ever7as Is necessary to place the. business on a good footing.^ Under the laws of Washington the stock Is forever non-assessable.
Address orders and make remittances payable to ¦•'•¦•. , .
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST COMPANY,
820, 821, 822, 823 Hay ward Building, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF OVKK
100 Dr^» e HORSES
First consignment from D. Miller, Modoo
County, and consists of the finest looking,
soundest and best boned horses ever shipped to
this city. They are suitable for all purposes.
They weigh from 1150 to 1500 lbs each, ages
range from 5 to 8 years. All solid In color,
gentle and broke to drive. Come and see them
and be convinced. They must be sold, no ra-
serve. These ¦ horses are now on exhibition at
the Exchange.
SALE TAKES PLACE TO-MORROW.
MONDAY. ...FEBRUARY 10,1902
Commendns at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard Street. Near Third. San Francisco.
WM. O. LAYNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
£&.-£* &*
Don't miss our Regular Auction Sales of all
classes of Horses. Wagons. Surreys. Buggies.
Carts, Harness and Saddles. Sales positive
every TUESDAY at 1140 Folaoxn St.. 11 a. m.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; FEBKUAKT 9, 1902.
32
- EDUCATIONAL-^ontlnned. ;^
HEALD'S "SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
. MEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laoratory and shop work; thoroughly
.practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. . "
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
. — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete ' bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
. spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers ;
' new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S.F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.— Big
school because It's best. Our Gregg short-
• hand students write 200 words a. minute on
9 test. Typewriters at home free to students.
Nine positions last week. ' --
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
.. 8. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
• all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering ; day and night: catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan. building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
1 vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
T MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account' g; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
: . rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve. ; est. 1864. Van
' der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
. new 60-page catalogue free. 805 Larkin at.
A— THE Leo Cooper School of Acting has re-
moved to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.
A— PRIVATE academy of dancing. MISS
JEAN HUPP Y.-6A Hyde st. -
SPANISH — Classen and private; practical from
the beginning. PROF. MAYA. 216 Eddy st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Lar.guases,320PoBt;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
SCHOOL Trustees — Efficient teachers supplied.
Mrs. M.. K. Smith, Woman's Inc., 4 Vernon.
C. HOFFMAN, the European pianist, gives
thorough, successful instruction. 1017 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 802 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINQTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. -424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., 8. F.:
fnnnrtpil 1Bfi.V new. BO-naoa fgtalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. .20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 6-10 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter.. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and house-
cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE lntelliger.ee Office — Furnish most
reliable help. B24 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED demonstrator wants situation
¦ in or out of city; flrst-class references. Box
3280. Call. ' '
YOUNG j?irl would like a few ladles at hotels
to manicure; 25c. Tel. South 6C3. Monday.
PLAIN sewing, mending and children's clothes
i done very nicely at 1% Morrell place, bet.
Hyde and Larkin, Pacific and Broadway.
PROTESTANT, woman, elderly, wishes house-
work in small family for two months; can
wash; city only; wages $15. Box 3604, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by tha
day; good laundress and general housework;
$1 SO a day; references. Box 32S2, Call.
A WELL educated lady, speaking French and
- German, pleasing address, desires position of
trust; highest references. -K., box 3601, Call.
WANTED — Position by good woman on a
chicken ranch. Address box 3C24, Call office.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economical
cook, experienced housekeeper, used to chil-
dren, wishes position; references;- wages S12
to $15. Box 3270, Call office.
EXPERIENCED German lady's nurse desires
engagements; highest references: terms rea-
Bonable. Address Nurse, 1215 Mission st.
PIANO teacher (lady) will give lessons for the
use of piano to practice on one evening in
the week and three hours on Sunday. M. F.,
box 3628. Call office.
A COMPETENT ; woman for general house-
work: Is a good cook. Apply at 515 Ninth
St., Oakland.
AN experienced nurse wishes a few more en-
gagements; invalids taken, either sex. Ad-
dress M. W.. 1941 Mission st.
LADY wishes to assist dentist or doctor in of-
fice and do general cleaning. Address MRS.
MARTIN, 428 Franklin St.
WETNURSE^-Respectable woman wishes a sit-
uation. Apply EMILIE FUNKE, maternity
villa, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
TAILORESS desires position with tailor to
. learn vestmaking. E. L., Call office, Ala-
''meda. '.* - '
REFINED young lady wishes position as sec-
retary or companion to invalid; some experi-
ence. Winchester Hotel, room 556.
YOUNG woman wishes' a place to work In a
pantry In hotel or restaurant. Call or write
to 15 Minna . st.
WANTED— Home for young girl 13; will do
light housework after school in exchange for
room and board. Box 3256, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. rv
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOfl
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
CIVIL engineer, with extensive experience on
location and construction, , desires engage-
ment • will furnish Instruments and a com.
plete party. Box 3275, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man; porter or
work of any kind; willing worker; refer-
ences. Box 3603, Call. -
FLORIST; Al propagator and grower; roses,
carnations, palms and ferns;/ 18 years' ex-
perience. , / Box 3622. Call.
RELIABLE man wishes . light employment;
city or country ;^ store, ranch, mine, hotel.
', Box 3281. Call. ,
WANTED — Position, by a flrst-class dentist.
Box 3284. Call.
BOY of 15 wishes place on farm; good home
required. Box 3291, Call.
CARPENTER : and millwright; can repair
j .wagons, etc. ; sober man;' good 'mechanic*
city 'or country. Box 3613, Call office.
POSITION driving delivery wagon; knows city;
7 - years' experience; "reference. JOHN
¦ BOWSKY. 1025 Folsom st.
CHANCE wanted to learn watch making and
repairing; can buy Interest in small busi-
ness. Box 3626, Call office. si :.r; ;•
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work of any
kind on small place in the country; can fur-
nish best of references. ' Box 3617, Call.
A COMPETENT cook desires steady position
* in ' restaurant or hotel. Call or address
GEORGE WINN. 1215 Mission st.
WANTED — Position by an experienced, rella-
| ble man as collector. or manager; will Invest
cash $20,000; no. object as to small salary.
Address L. C S83 Thirty- third st. ¦_'¦
A POSITION, . bookkeeper; thoroughly compe-
, tent and reliable; age 30; references and
'bond; city: or country. Box 3627. Call office.
POSITIONS wanted by man | and wife on • a
.'ranch. Call or address 419 Stockton st.
YOUNG man wishes position as valet or in-
door servant; city, references. Box 3638, Call.
BY i an experienced coachman . and gardener, 6
years In one place. East, 3 years in private
place ,here, 2 years in nursery, city, a . years
foreman gardener in Oregon city park; all
. flrst-class - references. ' Address J. S., 809
/Mission st. ¦¦_-•• ¦'. ¦ ' x ¦ >¦'¦•'¦
COMPETENT middle-aged man - wants situa-
v tlon who understands gardening,- handling of
tools and horses or general man about place.
V H. B.; 013 Montgomery st.
PRINTER— Experienced Job and news man
' wants ' position; city ( or country. Address
,, box 3260. Call office. ¦:¦''
STEADY man, 40, wishes position with whole-
sale Implement house; strictly sober. : Box
; ' -. 8260. Call o«lc«* • -¦ . ¦ " - -¦* ' ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— .Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB, , '
850 Market et., cor. Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.
. Real Estate Agent/
Property bought and sold.
Rents collected. '.-, '.¦• -v<
Loans negotiated.
Legitimate Business
j Agent. I
Do you want to sell your business or do you
want a partner for legitimate business call on
, above address. • •
OUR-"Compoundlni~ByBtem"~of ' turf specula-
• tlon is the safest' and most profitable -ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 r^?
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers. 113 Stockton st.
WANTED — More capital wanted to enlarge an
established, reputable and paying business;
references given and required; principals
only; $3000 to $5000 required. Box 8283. Call. '
FOR sale— At a bargain for cash; first-class
large retail grocery in large town adjacent
to this city. 32 California street.
A BARGAIN — Grocery, branch bakery and
bar; two living rooms; established 16 years;
doing good business; cheap rent; must sell
on account of sickness. Call 905 Mission st.
FOR Bale — Hay and grain business; established
15 years; splendid retail location on main
retail thoroughfare; capital required about
$1200. Address box 3271. Call office.
HALF-INTEREST in "West Berkeley Sun for
sale; cash only; safe Investment; fully guar-
anteed; best chance in the State. .Bruns
block. West Berkeley.
A DESERT prospector, knows of rich ground,
wants partner with $1500; half-interest; han.
die own money. For further information call
on HAYSE, 945 Howard St., city.
A— $250; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary st., room 4. 1
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fixt-
ures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Robles. Cal. .'
$2000 — A MODERN grocery store; one of the
best localities in the city; splendid oppor-
tunity for the right man; no agents. Box
3286. Call. I
EXPERIENCED business man will purchase '\
Interest in first-class established manufac-
turers' agency. Box 3258, Call office.
FOR sale — A nicely fitted up bakery, suitable j
for man who does his own baking; very rea- j
sonable. Box 2403. Call orflce, Oakland. j
Ft)R sale— Express and delivery; single team; j
good stand; steady customers. Box 3632,
Call office.
WANTED — Party with capital to Invest in an
electrical business; strictly legitimate. Box
8620. Call. . ¦ •
$125— SALOON; see owner to-day. 547 First
St.. close to Mail dock; fine place for right
party.
WELL-ESTAB. profitable wholesale business
for sale; best selling Cal. spec. Box 3^S~. Call.
FOR sale — Bakery, confectionery and notions;
established trade. 412A 13th, near Valencia.
PARTNER for restaurant doing good business.
For wrtlculars, 1547 Mission st. I
$223 — SALOON partner; what a snap; fine fix- I
tureE ; business. Board of Trade, 326 Pine, j
NICE cigar stand on water front for sale; j
$275, worth $500; come and investigate. 20t i
East St.; no agents.
MACHINE shop for sale — Bargain; location B.
F.; good reasons selling. 1120 Myrtle, Oakid. j
WANTED — Partner with $500 in good paying 1
business, can draw out money in thirty |
days; no experience necessary. Address L., ]
room 218, Emma Spreckels building.
GROCERY and bar, 4 living rooms; other bus-
iness. Corner Twenty-flrst and Alabama.
PARTNER, good paying business. Call at 567
Sixth St.
$e00— FOR rale; the Palace Restaurant, Val-
leja. Cal. : great chance. EP.O. box 275. Vallejo.
INCOME $1000 per year can be secured by any
one who will investigate our plans; no gold ;
mine or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business proposition of unusual
merit. JUMIAPA CO., 615 Fullerton bldg.,
Et. Louis, Mo.
WELL-PAYING semi-advertising medical busi-
ness, $1500; low rent; good proposition for
business man or doctor. Box 7003, Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE.
Call on US
Any House Sold on Payments
Call . and Get Our Large List
...We Have Houses in AH Parts of City...
20 rooms; clears $125; payments.". ......$1000
25 rooms; clears $140; only 1350
16 rooms; Eddy-_st. ; reduced to 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain 200
100 rooms; corner; clears $500 5500
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300 {
68 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500 1
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250 |
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450:
10 rooms} swell; bargain 800 •
13 rooms; very good; rent $50 750!
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. ; phone John 531.
906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
WINSTON & WOLF
1028 Market at 1026 Market st.
(Protograph Gallery Entrance.)
20 rooms; rent $60; this house is a money-
maker: price $1050, part cash. WINSTON &
WOLF. 1026 Market St.
31 ROOMS; rent $100; offices; a No. 1 location;
part cash; price $2100. WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st.
44 ROOMS; rent $100; new furniture and car-
pets; 2 floors; part cash; price $1600. WINS-
TON & WOLF, 1028 Market st.
29 ROOMS; rent $75: offices; Market St.; part
cash; price $1400. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026
Market st. .
120 ROOMS on Sanaoma st $2000
100 rooms on Howard st.......... 1600
34 rooms; Howard st 400
44 rooms; Stockton st 2100
32 rooms; Grant ave 3000
25 rooms on Fourth st. ...$1000; good paying
16 rooms on Sixth st $750; all full
14 rooms on Pine st $700; transient
38 rooms on Powell St.... $3200; good location
22 rooms on Powell St.... $1500; good location
10 rooms onGeary st $1100; fine house
9 rooms on Sixth st $350; good and cheap
10 rooms on Mason st.$750; any time; all full
60 more houses on list.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
A— Near the Call buildings.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses or on real
estate. Big free list of lodging-houses at my
office. All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
SAMPLES NORTH OF MARKET.
14 r. ; corner; rent $40; elegant *. .. $950
60 r. ; corner; rent $100; clears $156.... 2800
40 r. ; 1 floor; 20 windows on 3 streets;
rent only $75; 5-year lease; respectable. 2800
.20 t. ; 2 floors; rent $50; fine bay- wind.. 1050
12 r.; 2 floors; rent $36; clears $35 mo.. 300
A— McDANIEL, EKIRM & CO., ~~~
993 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2811.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $90; Al
location; on Market St.; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern building; must sell.
18 rooms; transient; clears $100 month; cen-
trally located; two rooms pays rent; good fur-
niture. ¦ • . .
i 12 rooms; rent $47 CO; clears $50 month;
good location; must sell.. ¦ '
22 rooms; rent $52 50; easy payments; S800.
H. C. DECKER...! 1020 Market st.
French Spoken. ¦•••¦.
Get Our Bargain List Before Buying.
24 rooms; Geary; owner sick; bargain.. $1750
30-room hotel and bar; rent $125; snap. 2000
38 rooms ; Market ¦ st. 2000
14 rooms; owner retiring 350
17 rooms; Sixth st.; only.... 750
21 rooms; rent $45 ; 850
19 rooms: transient; make offer.
20 rooms; Turk st.; transient; just listed 1000
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
850 Market St.... (Inc.).... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates. '"•!';'
. Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.. •'-,• . '
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st."^'" '>-'"
Rooms 21, 22, 23. ... 'Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts
of city. . . .
NICE private boarding-house; central; all full;
run 6 years by present owner; good reason
for selling; $900, half cash; will take small
flat in trade. M. B.; RIVES, 916 Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
SPIRITUALISM. ,
A— C. V. MILLER. . world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seanca
Tues., Frl., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J.* J. WHITNEY.. trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car. - ,
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.; readings dally,
50c and $1; circle every night, 10c. ,
MRS. VALEEN, medium and- palmist, will
guide you right. 60c. 1583 Market, near 12th.
EDWARD EARLE, ,328 Ellis ; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601 ; seance Sunday and ¦ Thurs. *
FRIENDSHIP Hallj 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J."
Meyer; slttlcrs daily { test to all to-sifht; 10c,
EMPLOYMEJiT WAJTTEP— MALE.
YOUNG man would like work In cake bakery;
: wages no object; has had som» experience.
Box 3261. Call office.
POSITION wanted by an engineer and ma-
chinist with 20 years' experience; nothing
less than $4 50 per day considered; have had
experience light, accurate tool-making, heavy
engine work. Ice and mining machinery and
handling men. Address box 3392. Call office.
HEAD gardener, professional, with much ex-
perience in the best gardens and nurseries —
tree and floral— wishes place as gardener or
foreman for a cut flower concern; best of
references. Address P. R.. box 8257. Call.
2 FIRST-CLASS cooks would. like positions as
first and second; hotel, boarding-house or
camp; country preferred. Apply at 638 Clay
St.; phone Main 1191. :
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment where
work Is not heavy: some experience minding
invalids. Box 3208. Call.
EXPERIENCED oyster and short-order cook
wants place. ROMAIN. 1115 Market st.
YOUNG man wants to learn bakery business.
Box 3253. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese school boy wishes place; light
work. YANAGI, 528 Stevenson Bt.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes work near 420
Stanyan st. L. W., 810 Stockton st.
JAPANESE wants to wait at table and do
housework. 1026 Larkin St.; tel. Larkin 1331.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlaaore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. ' ¦
- ' EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange lst-class painless dentistry for
carpenter work, paper-hang. Box 3623, Call.
LOCOMOBILE worth $950 to exchanse 'for
flrat-claas carpenter work. Box 3222.' CalL
h ¦ .FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
stock brokers. 326 Post Bt.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— "We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9. Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— ELEGANT, new, sun every room, band-
some tiling, nickel plated open plumbing. 2
gas grates, facing Golden Gate Park, marine
view, social, danoe room, 5 and 6 rooms;
take Geary, McAllister or Sutro cars; 758
to 765 Sixth ave.. near Fulton st- A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
JUST completed— fl-room sunny middle flat;
view of park and ocean; rent $35; no chll-
dren. 17 Noe st; key 19 Noe st.
S FLATS, 0, 6. 7 rooms, and cottage In rear 5
rooms, on Fierce st., near Haight; cheap. In-
quire 232 Pierce St.; no agents.
A— 509 to 629 Frederick at, near 8t*ny*»—
Swell new flats; 5 to 8 rooms; low rent.
BUSH, 863 — Modern sunny flat. 0 months; gtn-
tlemen roomers retained; call Sunday. 3 to 6.
CORNER sunny upper flat; elegantly furnished;
7 rooms and bath or part. 237 Webster »t.
NEW sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
965 Golden Gate ave.. opp, Jefferson square.
NICELY furnished sunny 8-room flat for sale.
324 Ellis st. ¦
$27 50— MODERN, sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath;
yard and basement. 1223^ Guerrero at.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished 6-room flat, near park pan-
handle, for sale cheap, account of departure;
$500 cash; desirable location; rent reasonable.
Address box 3002, Call office.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE ave.: middle flat. 4
rooms ; piano, pantry, garden, etc $15 —
Lower flat. 2 rms, pantry; water free; 1 to 4.
MODERN newly furnished 6-room flat for sale;
cheap. 647 Ellis st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4" ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 SoTwlth No"t
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
PARTIES leaving city will sell newly furnishefl
4-room flat cheap. 1901 Oak st. " A-V
SEWING machine, splendid condition: feather
bed, best, clean; large oil heater. 975 Post. I
FURNITURE WANTED,
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the. wond;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP \VA_XTEj^FEMAJLE.
"WANTED — 2 German cooks, little wash, $30;
4 cooks, $25; German nurse girl, $20; 6 Second
girls, $20, $25; 2 hotel waitresses, country,
$20, $25, fare paid; housekeeper, country,
$20; second girl, Oakland, $25; housework,
San Rafael, $30; housework, 2 family, Bel-
vedere, see party here, $25; waitress for In-
stitution. $20; Scotch second girl. $£5, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st.
LADIES — $100 a month guaranteed to open
branch offices at your homes; handle sub-
agents, make demonstrations of our electrical
appliances (new Invention) for removing wrin-
kles & all facial blemishes; developing: or re-
ducing any part of the body; cures obealty; no
canvassing; write for sample & sole agency.
W. B. PRESTON CO., Station U. Chlcago.IlI.
LADIES — If you want genuine home work, no
canvassing, we will give you a yearly con-
tract' to do copying for us In your owa home
and pay you from $3 to $15 weekly; ccpy and
paper furnished free. Call all the week from
I) to 12, or send 10c for samples. Novelty Co..
618 Eddy st.
WANTED — Active young , woman to help In
kitchen and dining-room in small restaurant
In city, about three hours a day; light work
and good place; wages $8 a month and board.
Address box 3631, Call office.
LADIES — Something new; making sofa pillows
at home; $7 to $12 weekly; materials fur-
nished; no canvassing; send stamped ad-
dressed envelope. Household Mfg. Co., Erie
. I St., Chicago.
WANTED — A woman to take care of a young
lady invalid; not much experience in nursing
required. Call after 10 o'clock, Monday, at
SE. cor. Scott and Green sts.
"WANTED — German or Swedish girl for general
housework; two in family; good wages. Call
bet. 9 and 12, 2399 Jones,* cor. Chestnut.
WANTED— Experienced operator on woman's
wrappers; steady work; good pay; electric
* power. MARKS BRO3.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED — Lady of refinement for outside work
in a well established firm; Catholic prof erred;
salary and commission. Box 3285, Call.
GOOD opportunity for girls to learn glove
making; steady positions guaranteed.. Call
151 Noe st., bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
POSITION of 1 trust with one of the leading
. firms of the city for an honest refined
woman. Box 3614. Call office.
WANTED — Young girl to assist in light house-
work; sleep at home preferred; wages $8.
Call at 2512 Folsom st. to-day.
WANTED— Girl over 16 years to care for in-
fant; sleep home. Call from 9 to 12 a. m..
2940 California st. _____
WANTED— PROTESTANT ¦ woman, mlddle-
aged, for working housekeeper. Call to-day
at 621 York st. '
GIRL for upstairs work and assist 'with baby:
$-15., 2520 Green St., near Scott..
GOOD maker and apprentice wanted In milli-
nery store at 692 McAllister st.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking -
German family of two. 1444 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Waitress or good girl to learn wait
at table; small restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED talkers and operators on la-
dles' waists. HOFFMAN, 723 Market st.
GOOD chance for smart young girl to learn
to be medium. Box 3619, Call office.
OPERATORS on" waists. NEWBAUER
BROTHERS, 507 Market st.
EXAMINER for ladles' waists: experience
. necessary. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady steady for
candy store at 1409 Polk st. ; call ' after 11.
A FEW more operators on cotton waists.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome St.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with general
.: housework In small family. 919 Jones st.
GIRL to take care of books In meat market;
must be careful. Call ¦ 1704 Waller st.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on tailoring
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. _541 Markist st.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on cus-
tom pants. SELIQ BROS.. 108 Battery st.
GIRL for candy store: apply to-day frora 10 to
.¦_ 12. BLUM'S, corner Sutter and Polk nts.
WANTED — Entry clerk. Address; stating age
'and experience, box 3635, Call office.
SHIRT, operators wanted; good wages; steady
employment. M. J. KELLER CO.. 1028 Mar-
.-. ket st. ¦ • . - ¦ - , _ - ; : -,-..
WANTED— A girl to do light housework; one
that can sleep at home. ' Apply 677 McAllister
Jf»W upper floor, jjjfifSK _
HELP WANTED— FESI ALB— Coa. ' i
WANTED — Girl for light housework; wage*
$10. 8824 Army st.
ONE flrst-class skirt hand; no other need apply.
Room 134. Spring Valley building.
lst-class sewers to take work home on ladies',
children's waists, etc. H.Frl«dlander.338 Fell.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady'
work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls about; 18 years of age
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sta.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed ot
self-assertion; Rood opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTETJ — A young, strong and ambitious wo-
man of good appearance as an assistant and
to study massage and therapeutics; steady po-
sitlon; state salary expected. Box 3263. Call.
WAITRESS, Institution, country; wages $25.
Call at 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
WANTED — Girl for light housework: small
washing; $15. 1159 Alice st.. Oakland,
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 519. Philadelphia. Pa.
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT from A to Z In 3
weeks; course, $5, Including manicuring,
massage, weaving, ventilating, switch and
wig making: positions guaranteed; no fals*
promises; our pupils are our living advertise-.
mem. filling positions and In business for
themselves all over the city: day and ev«
classes. S. F. HAIRDRESSINO COLLEGE.
233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
'~^
°?F R . ATOI iS at Levl Straus. * Co*.** Or*rmtt
Factory. »2% Fremont »t-: no experience
to'MR^DAVIs! Bay: 8t ° ady WOrk - ArPlT
CAL. College of Hairdresslng and Massage. Id*
M. Blakesley mngr. ; graduate Prof. Paul Laa-
cotte of N. Y. Girls change your occupation;
learn the best profession for women; only 3
weeks, $5; bring add; worth $1. 305 Larkin.
WANTED — Operators on woman's muslin un-
derwear; experienced only; steady work; elec
! trie power; good pay. MARKS -BROS.. 1212
Market st.
$2S TO S35 per 'week: five ladles and thre*
gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no experience)
necessary. Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting. Hoovery Hall, 1327 Market st.
COLLEGE of Halrdresslng: entire course. 2
weeks. $5; day and eve. class. Call at room
1. 1007% Market »t.. near Sixth.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid whfl»
learning. BELASCO A HARRIS CO., Ml
Market st.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5% Kearny st.
room 17.
A GERMAN woman a* governors; stat* r»-
Ilglon;. salary 830. Box 2994, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6513
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
Office Open 7 a. m.....
250 • woodchoppers and tleznakers. different
places In California
Woodchoppers .Cheap fare*
2?ew camp. ................... . Virgin tlmls**
Redwood, 80c cord.
Pine. $1 25 cord.
Hardwood, $1 60 cord.
Ties. 10c each.
Big wages can be made on this Job; woric
will last 3 years. '
FOR ANOTHER CAMP ...
SO men to cut redwood, pine, madron* and
oak, 80c to 51 50 cord, fare $2 50.
Furnace man for mine. $75; 0 farm hands
and teamsters, $26; 3 milkers; second baker,
near city. $30 and found: 3 cooks. 5 waiters.
kitchen help. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st. -
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S....1M Gtary st.
New railroad work Tree fare
For Nevada ...............
SO teamsters and laborers. ........ ..$2 a day
Free- fare .Free far»
4 carpenters for company work, country, $3
a day *
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French or Italian head cook, country hotel.
$75; chef, hotel cafe, country. $80; head wait-
er, country hotel, $60; laundryman, country.
$50; butcher, city, $10 a week.
C. R HANSEN & CO 1M Geary st.
EASY chance to make- money; the best propo-
sition on the market; $2 to $10 easily earned
dally; no experience necessary; be your own
boss and start business on a capital of from
60c to $20; come and see for yourself th*
easy sellers I have. New York Novelty Co.,
room 1. 093 Market st.
WANTED — Salesmen to travel Western and
Northwestern States; terms no object to
right parties. Address LOB BROS «c CO..
Mfrs of Pants, 545 Broadway. New York
City, N. Y.
YOUNG man as partner in established photo
gallery; splendid opportunity for one willing
to learn trade. Vanderkaay, 629 Union st.
"WANTED — Reliable young* man with $90;
take cash and assist in restaurant: $40
month; no experience. BROWN, 1221 Market.
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting of Master
Barbers' Association to-night at 102 O'Far-
rell st., at 8:30. S. HELLER. Secy M. B. A.
"WANTED — Honest man with $250; tend cash,
restaurant; $50 month and board; no experi-
ence; snap; come quick. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $173 cash:
plain work; no experience; steady place; $la
week. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
A BOY to learn carpenter trade and attend
hardware store. Apply to-day, bet. 10-12 a.
m., B34 Halght st.
GOOD waiter wanted at 907 Kearny st.
STEADY dishwasher wanted. Peopled* Res-
taurant. 631 Clay st.
WANTED^ — 2 carpenters at 200T Flllmor* st.
Call between 10 and 12 o'clock Sunday.
WANTED — A good all around blacksmith. Ap-
ply J. CSHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont.
WANTED — 8 circus downs. Apply to the.
Woodward Amusement Co., 402 Kearny st. -
A CUTTER for ladles* waists; steady Job, 4
BAUER BROS. St CO.. 21 Sanaoma St.
BHSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO & TTATfRT^
CO., 541 Market st.
WIRE frame makers wanted. CaL Hat Co.,
597 Mission st.
ATTENTION — Ex-vol. soldiers, for extra, pay
apply at 630 Market st. O. E. HOWE.
WANTED — Experienced dpmestlo salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at ""*t.t^
BROS.'
ROASTER — A flrst-class coffee roaster wanted.
Apply, stating experience and giving refer-
ences. L. & Co.. box 3268, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age business old-established house: bona-fld«
weekly cash salary $18 paid each Wednesday
with all expenses from headquarters: money
advanced for expenses. Manager. 839 Caxton
building, Chicago. ,
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
etc — A free scholarship In engineering will
be awarded to a few well recommended appli-
cants. American School ot Correspondence,
Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Five young boys for general work:
only boys of good character need apply. Call
at California Barrel Factory, Twenty-second
and Illinois sta. -¦
WANTED— Reliable man with $150; light
work; no experience necessary. 1032 Mar-
ket st. room 4. .
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON. ,
, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — 2 Industrial Insurance men: salary
and com. 9 to 5 p. m., 819 Market, room 43.
WANTED — Bright boy for wholesalo house.
Box 3260. Call office.
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income ad-
dress Proofreader, box 519, Philadelphia. Pa.
Experienced sash and door maker/ INGLER &
YOUNG, Fourth and Washington, Oakland.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet I
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recrultlns
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. •
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
FOR SALE— Two chair barber shop; best pay-
Ing shop ln_\allejo. Cal. ; only reason for sell-
ing, other business; best chance in the State.
Inquire Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
?^$. 1 3 EU ,S« fi 2 e - MOLER'S. BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
W A NT l?~^ :Liaborer9 and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Good blacksmith for general tool
work; accustomed to working tocl steel. Box
o-48. Call Office.
EXTRA pay now due U S Volunteers. Call
or. write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market^.
MJMES to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe*; A
30c up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard »t.. nr. 6th A»
McDONALD & PERRY nave 500 second-hand
shoes for sale. 60o us. 2*1 Tbird st.
MEETING KOTICKS.
FUNERAL Notice. — California Comand- .
ciy No. 1, K. T. — Officers and mem- "fig?*
bers are hereby notified to assemble Jfjj
tn the asylum on SUNDAY, February W*
8, at 1:15 o'clock p. m., for the pur- **
pose of attending the funeral of our deceased
frater. SIR PHILO DENNIS JEWETT. By
order of th« commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. M. «
— The officers and members of the fi.
above named lodee are hereby noti- 75fc>\
fied to attend tha funeral of our late /
brother. PHILO DENNIS JEWETT, in King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS DAY
<SU2tfDAY), Feb. 9, 1902, at 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No.' 222. ' I. O. *gg_i_Vlte.
0. F. — Initiation TO-MORROW €s2S&SS
(MONDAY) EVENING. Visitors •s^SUCfcsS^
cordially Invited.
C. L. ZIEGLER, N. G.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O.
F. — Double initiation TUESDAY £i5r"2SSSe
EVENING, Feb. 11. 1902.
A. S. CRONK, N. G. "iWBW"
R. A. WELCH. R. 3. . -
A LARGE meeting of members of the v %T %»,
St. Andrew's Society is desired for Z3\ QCfj
meeting of February 10, and all i&_&_\>
members are -kindly requested to <i *-«f^
attend. JAMES ROLPH JR., Presldeat.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Sec.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association.
—A special meeting will be held on SUNDAY
AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock, at 603 Front st.,
' to transact business of Importance. A , full
attendance Is requested.
P. F. WHEARTY. President.
HUGH McKEVTTT. Rec. Sec.
BARBERS— Members of Local No. 148, J. B.
1. U. of A., are requested to attend special
meeting MONDAY. Feb. 10. 1902. JAS. R.
BLEILY. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
Fa*Ion Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
THURSDAY, the 13th day of February. 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for th« ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. GEO. A. DOTJGI^ASS, Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company. No.
S29 Crocker building, city and county ot
Ban Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 10th day of February. 1902. at the |
hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, and !
the transaction of such other business as
may come before said meeting.
S. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Dated January 27. 1902.
ADOPTipN. -
A BOY org lrl baby for adoption of intelligent
family. Wanted, a brunette boy 2 years old
for a good home. EMILIB FUNKE, 1416
Eighth st.. Alameda. •
AGEVTS WASTED.
PROFITABLE work all year around offered.
Agents In every town, city, hamlet and
county in the United States to distribute our
goods; ouly agents wanted who will work
faithfully and thoroughly, look sharply after
our trade 'with old customers and cover each
section with our celebrated Illustrated books:
money i« being made easily by hustlers. Ad-
dress to-day, Heller Chemical Co., 212 Way-
man St., Chicago, 111.
WANTED— Experienced lady canvassers to ad-
vertise a food product; traveling work; salary
and expenses; only those having had ex-
perience need apply. Box 3221, Call office.
MENDING tissue — No needle or thread; mefds
anything: 10c by mall; write for agents'
terms. L. SHREVES & CO., 1521 Devisa-
dero st.
AGEXTS — Do you want something more proflt-
able and easier to sail than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON', r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SELF-SUPPORTING ladles furnished healthy,
lucrative employment. WILSON BAILEY,
Oakland.
AGENTS on salary and commission. Manhat-
tan Stock & Poultry Food Co., 1233 Folsom.
AGENTS to sell oil stock on installments or
cash. Address box 3278. Call office.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
I ADVICE free; divorces a speclalty;qulck;qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings byappo!ntment;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; partner-
chips; deeds; wills drawn ; no fee unless suc-
cessful: open eve's. J.M.Thurston.819 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
WITH a capital of $5000 an agency for elec-
tric automobiles can be obtained. Address
109 Sansome st. ' --¦* ¦•-;
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WANTED — German In good standing; small
capital. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
FOR sale — $250; branch bakery; 3 living rms.;
district Mission;* good place for man and
wife. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st
FOR sale — Candy store; Sixth, near Market;
must sell; call on us. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
FOR sale — Candy store and manufactory; Mar-
ket; reason for selling. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
FOR sale — Popular saloon; on O'Farrell st;
call on us. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
FOR sale — Saloon, 5 doors from Market St.;
estab. years; call on us. Rohlfa Co., 41 3d.
FOR sale — Saloon in Mission; sold on account
of removal; this Is a bargain; price $400.
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third Bt.
FOR sale — Saloon on Market St.; transfer cor-
ner; well stocked. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
WANTED— Partner in well-estab. candy store
to Introduce new drinks. Rohlfs Co., 41 8d.
WANTED — A man with « valuable Inventions,
entirely new, wants man with capital to
manufacture. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
FOR quick results list your property with us*
we advertise it free. RETSLOFF & CO.
HEALY & CARR. phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grdcery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, lease*
Money to loan on any of the above.
CANDY store, with living rooms, paying $70
month, and one with tools for manufacturing
paying $140 month; price reasonable. MILES
& CO., 927 Market st., room 208.
A LIMITED number of secretaryships (or other
office work), paying from $25 per month up,
according to services rendered, will be taken
by a thoroughly competent, reliable and ex-
perienced man. with offices located In the
financial center of the city; best reference.
Box 3630. Call. -
FOR sale— Old-established saloon, half or
whole; first-class location; must be sold at
once. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market St.;
phone Red 3433.
ST ANTON & LILLIS, 777% Market; tel. Black
4497— Buy. sell and exchange lodging-houses
and business places in all parts of city.
IF you want to buy a business or sell go to
DECKER. 921 Market st.
DO you want to make money? Our system of
turf speculation has earned large weekly div-
idends past 4 years; highest Indorsements;
write for particulars; mention paper. HAM-
MOND & CO.. 21 Park Row, N. Y. City.
$2 19 PROFIT on each share In January; If you
want safe, profitable Investment; shares $10
each; dividends payable semi-monthly; send
for circular. BTERLUNG & CO., 606 Lib-
erty building. New York; mention paper.
A FOOD product manufactory Is desirous of
enlarging Its plant to enable it to fill orders
and wishes an investor with $10,000; money
secured by bond; large profits on capital in-
vested. Box 3g21. Call.
$13.000_PROPOSITION. ~ : •¦.-'•
A first-class paying restaurant and bakery
In the best business part of the city; good
place for one or two good business men; ln-
vestlgate. Call JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Markt.
$ ir.00 — BAR and merchants' lunch In whole-
sale district; good paying place; investigate.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market, row. 5 and 6.
$900^ — WINE and liquor saloon downtown; good
place for right party; low rent. JOSEPH
STRAUB. 850 Market St. rooms 5 and 6.
BEER and billiard hall- on Market St.- very
.reasonable; go and see it. Call JOSEPH
STRAUB. 850 Market st, rooms 5 and 0.
RESTAURANT — Great sacrifice ; good trade;
going to Europe on account of sickness. Box
. 8634, Call of flee. -,
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $6
daily. Ask C. L. HEDGES, 462 Parrott bldg.
-CLAIRVOYANTS/ . _
a. ........:.... boo— 60c-^60c. .:-. . . ; . . .— a
PROF. BROCKWAY. -'. ¦ - ' Prof. Brockway. .
' 1052 Ells., bet. Franklin and Gough. ;
Offers, for a short time only readings at tha
above fees to all presenting this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours of
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. daily; Sundays,: 10 a. m.
to 12 p. m. .•-• - . - ' '
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
interest manifested in each Individual case,
rounu advice and counsel are not equaled in
' this city at any figure. Pi of. Brockway tells
you what you want to know/eliminating all
* uninteresting features and . not - tiring i you
with matters entirely irrelevant to' the case
in hond, as has been the case In readings
you b&ve had In | the past. Prof. Brockway
reads your past, present and future.
- 50c— 50c— BOc.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead: happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophet*
ess of world-wide fame, and her name has be-
come a proverb In thousands of ! homes made
happy by her aid and advice; Ismar can be con-
sulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.J Sundays
from 10 to 12 a. m., at her of flee, 1148 Market
st., opposite Sixth. ¦ ¦-.-.,.
SPECIAL— Owing to a large number of in-
quiries from country persons, Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by. mail
S2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
KNOW THY, FUTURE ~~~~ ' ~~
And Prospects for 1802 by Consulting
SIR HENRY PRICHARD,
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.'
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to WIN. the man or woman you
love, how to. overcome all enemies; gives full
secret ' how . to control or influence any: on*
you love or meet; no charge unless you fii.d
. him superior to all others. Hours, 10 to 7
dci!y; 10 to 5 Sundays. Reception rooms, 13,
14, first floor, 1104 — MARKET ST.— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand"s.
mme. m. Bernard"* ~
' the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17' Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past; reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be- told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs. of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4509.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator.- Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
- with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
CUT THIS OUT. ~~ ~ ~~ !
MISS WILLE, 326A Ellis st, celebrated crys-
tal seer, will give a special full life reading
for BOc to-morrow, Monday, only; office
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CUT THIS OUT. ¦
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215& 6th.
IFMAR. tha Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
POSITIVELY this week only— Materialization,
slate writing, ballot reading, etc., developed
in 3 sittings; plate writing, 50c: readings, 50c.
KISMET. 2S24 Fulton; 1 to 4 and 7 to 8 p.m.
A — MISS M. "WILT-E, 326A Ellis ; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 50c, $1. 234 1 ,4 Sixth St.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
BOc, $1— Prof. Weller, elairv jyant, palmlst.card
reader:mail orders:stamp for clrc. 1007^ Mkt.'
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
CLAIRVOTANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult rue: L. 25c. G. BOc.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium; circle
to-night; consultation dally. 1610 Clay st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names Klven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARJPETJDEAjKyQ^AJm^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating "Works — Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencVToth
floor, 010 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys. . , ' .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 027 'Market st.
• _^ COTTAGES TO _ LET.
TO. let — Furnished cottage of 6 rooms and bath
at 8378 22d St.; reference required; open for
Inspection Sunday, between 11 a. m. to 1
p.m. and 4 to 5 p. m.
f 22 80^ — COZY 5 room and bath cottage, furn-
ished; 8 car lines convenient. 3459 Twenty-
sixth st., near Valencia.
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
flowers, etc. 782 Capp St.. near Twenty-third, i
TO LET. j
ROSS Valley; large 6-room hilltop sunny cot-
tage; furnished; piano; etc. 514 Pine; 10-12.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 027 Market st, Emma I
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, (5 up. "
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-claas work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings . by my
. wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prlc as
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. >
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J.jW. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk St., cor. Mason —
'Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C.ANDERSON,
¦ , D. D. S., proprietor and manager. '¦
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowna, $3 60;fllllngs,50o;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and war-
¦ ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink Ivory plates ; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crown, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu^h —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, • $3; -fillings, 60c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. Dr] H. - G.'
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
lesa ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PATTERNS! Patterns! Patterns! ..
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School '
Is the place to get latest imported designs; any
pattern cut . to measure. ¦ ,
Ladies, learn to be your own dressmaker:
our system < of 4 dress-cutting relieves from
drudgery, and our method of designing is fas-
cinating and artistic; visitors always welcome;
call and see our beautiful present to those en-
tering before Feb. 15; ; corset-making taught;
corsets to order. 1019 Market street.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
R J E^?J?T> accordeon and knlfe Pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P.' dog soap by : druggists
- - or at the Hospital. BIO Golden Gate ave/
* EDUCATIONAL./
FASTER than the i fastest— Gregg shorthand.
• 20o words per minute were written by • Miss
M. ;E. "Halloran: in Friday's shorthand con-
test : at S. F.' Business College, / 1230 Market
Bt. New matter; notes read perfectly. - A
student wrote 64 words a minute . on . type-
writer; see next Sunday..' ?';*•*'*:
ACTING, elocution, specialties ; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions, ;; Alcasar buiidln*, i2Q O'Farrell »t. ' *
SAX FRAJVCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOU Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
039 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ostll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p.m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church, Mission «., between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Briggs. 11 a. m., sermon; topic.
"The Final Test." 12:45- p. m.. Sunday
school, Rclla V. Watt superintendent. 6:15
p. m.. Societies of Christian Endeavor. 7:30
p. m.. concert. For the first time a string
quartet, organised by Charles E. Robson,
will play; programme — Anthem, "Judge Me,
O God" (Mendelssohn); string quartet, (a)
"Cradle Song" (Lataun). (b) "Loire" (Bach);
anthem, "Lead. Kindly Light" (Sullivan);
violin eolo. Seventh Air (De Berlot). Charles
E. Robson. 8 p. m., sermon; toplo, "A
Moral Tragedy." Roscoe Warren Lucy, or-
ganist and choirmaster. The seats are free
and the people are welcome. Special ser-
vices every night this week except Saturday
at 7:45.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the paster, will preach
at 11 t. m. en "The Christian Race" and at
T:30 p. m. on "Redemption." Musical pro-
gramme by large choir. I. E. Blake director.
Seats free. All Invited. Sunday school at
12:45 p. m. Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.
"THDSTY Years Among the Mormons" will be
Dr. T. C. luff's subject at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner Twenty-flrst and
Capp sts.. this morning. -.
UNITARIAN Church (First), eouthwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of Sunday tchool. The Sunday school
i» at 10 o'clock. The morning service la at
11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt will
preach the sermon; subject, "Among so
Many Kinds of Churches Doing a Good Work
Why Is There Special Need for a Unitarian
Church?" Music by choir and chorus. Bible
class under Professor Bacon at 10 o'clock.
All are cordially Invited. There Is no even-
ins eerrtce.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore,
minister; William Wertsch Jr.. musical di-
rector. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. Morn-
Ing theme. "The Best Cosmetic." The musi-
cal • programme will Include "The Angelus"
. by violin, 'cello and piano, a duet for so-
prano and bass and "La Jeune Rellgeuse"
by four Instruments. The evening theme '
will be "The Poetry and Philosophy of Omar
Khayyam." The music will include a duet
for piano and organ, a duet by soprano and
bass and "Th« Moving Finger," arranged by
Gerard Barton and sung by Miss J. I^Icbol- '
son.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Bts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.., topic. "Barnabas, the Son of Consola-
tion." At 7:30 x>. m.. toplo, "The Gospel
of the Kingdom." All are cordially invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st.-~-Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe, residence 8413 Jackson St.,
telephone Jackson 1941. Sermon themes: 11
a. m., "Crowned With Glory and Honor";
7:45 p. m., "Ltoelng One's Own Soul." Bun-
day school 9:45 a. m. C. E. Society 6:45
p. m. Seats tree; a cordial welcome for
every one.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 12:45 p.. m,
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. In the
morning there will be communion and recep-
tion of members. Rev. William Kirk Guth-
rie will preach both morning and evening.
All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia, and Octavia.' ats. — Rev. John Hemphill,
D.D., p&stor. Rev. George S. Eldredge, as-
sociate pastor. Dr. Hemphill will preach at
11 a. m. ; topic, "The Christian's Message to
the World," and at 7:30 at Second-street
Mission. Mr. Eldredge will preach at 7:30.
Morning Sabbath school at 10. Afternoon
Sabbath school at 12:S0. Y. P. S. C. E. at
6:30 p. m. 'Wednesday evening prayer meet-
Ing at 8. All are cordially invited.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett St., near
Twenty-third — Morning service, 11 o'clock;
text. "I Will Keep Thee From Temptation."
livening service, 7:30; text, "Where Is the
Sacrifice?" Preacher, Rev. J. George Gibson.
Barytone solo, "Heaven and Homeland" (San-
key's latest song), by Dr. Gibson.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St., between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon, "Soul."
Sunday-school for children at the eime hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-rooms, 206 Kearny St.. rooms
BC9-510. Sunday, February 1C, at 3 p. m..
Judge William G. Ewlng of Chicago Will
give a free lecture on Christian Science at
Metropolitan Temple. All are welcome.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS, the distinguished
liberal thinker and orator, will deliver his
great lecture on "The Woman of To-Day"
at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter St., this
evening at 8 o'clock. Mme. Abbie Carring-
ton. late of London. England, the distin-
guished prima donna, will «ing two solos,
"Eternal Rest" by Piccolominl, and "Nearer,
My God, to Thee." Mr. Emlyn Lewys, the
noted pianist, will play two solos. All are
Invited. Seats free. Doors open at 7:15.
LOWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st. — Special
addresses by Alfred Mace on Bible subjects.
Sunday afternoon, February 9. at 3 o'clock,
"Can a Sheep of Christ Ever Perish?" Sun-
day evening February 9, at 7:45 o'clock,
"Paul Among the Philosophers." Will
preach the gospel Tuesday and Thursday
evenings at 7:45. All are welcome. All is
free.
A GREAT rally of men will be held to-day
at 3 o'clock In the Young Men's Christian
Association auditorium. Mason and Ellis bts.
Address by Rev. William Kirk Guthrie, pas-
ter First Presbyterian Church. H. H. Barn-
hart will sing. AH young men welcome.
THE TheoEophical Society — Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock
by W. L. Walters. Subject, "The Marvels
of Ancient Peru." Inquirers' class Sunday
11 a. m. Children's group. "The Golden
Chain." Sunday 11:30 a. m. Public meet-
ings on Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock; Thurs-
day afternoon 2:30. Lending library open
daily from 1 to 4 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL — Free popular lectures every
Suaday 8 p. m.. Flood building, 809 Market
st. — Subject to-night, "God and the Soul of
Man." by Swaml Abhayananda. Bible class
Sunday 11 a. m. Free Lending library open
dally. Class room and library room 11 Flood
building. Inquirers' meeting Thursday 2:30
p. m. with lecture on "Thought Culture,"
by Miss M. A. Walsh. Public cordially ln-
vlted.
MEETINGS — SCJfDAY.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 809
Market Et. ; subject, "Some Things We
Ought to Know"; followed by magnificent
views of art; free tickets will be distributed
for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium next
Tuesday evening; seats free; no collection;
remember the Question box.
OAKLAND Spiritualists' Temple Association,
Woodmen Hall, 2:30 p. xn., conference; 7:30,
Dr. eivartha, "Three Centers of Vital
Force"; messages. Little, Smith and Eund-
berg; seats free. . - 1 %'
THE Sunflower League will give a Valentine
party at Occidental Hall 305 Larkin st., Fri-
day evening. Feb. 14; admis. 25c a couple.
THE Hermetic Brotherhood open meetings are
every Thursday evening at 8 o'clock, 009 Van
Ness ave.; truth seekers welcome.
DEMONSTRATION of Immortality of the Soul
to-night by Mmes. Young and Seal. 605 Mc-
Allister et.; 10c; come, ekeptlcs.
A— TESTS, 909 Market, rear hall — 11, free; 2-8.
10c; Swan. Maxwell. Wrenn. Jewell, Prof.
Holtman.
A— TESTS; front hall, 909 Market, 11. free; 2-8,
10c; Wilson, Seely; dance. Feb. 11; 10c.
A — "NOW" lecture; "Energy." Henry Harrl-
soc Brown. Odd Fellows' bldg. ; 8 p. m.
MRS. Mary Evans — Circle to-night, 10c; every
night but Frl.; read, dally, 50c. $1. 120 6th.
PROGRESSIVE epirltualists, 305 Larkin; Feb.
10; 7:30 p. m.; Mrs. R. S. LIUle. spkr.; free.
MRS. EBERHARDTS epiritual test meeting
to-night. 3250 22d. bet. Mission & Valencia.
AFTER test circle to-night, 108 Sixth St., Prof.
Gee gives lect. ; sub.. "A Personal God"; 10c.
K. HUESSM ANN'S test circle to-night, 25c.
1774 15th et., near Guerrero; sittings dally.
A— MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meet-
Ing, 8 p. m.. 10c. 305 Larkin; ques. read.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c 148 Sixth.
EARLE. date writing to-night. 328 Ellis st.
MRS. STODDARD convincing test circles; 10c;
Sun.. Tues.; readings dally. 278 Ninth st.
C. V. MILLER, materializing seance to-night.
8 o'clock. COc. 1084 Bush st.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society <non-political and unsectarlan) will
* give monthly musical entertainment and dra-
matic presentation Feb. 13, 8:16 p. m., at 310
OTarrell st.; public meeting first Sun; of mo.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
33
:j^-" ', - .- OIL.' ¦ - ; • '
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
sues: cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA Spreckels building, 927 Market st.~ Of-
"**• with modern conveniences, $15 to $25.
ASHTON A GARDINER. _____¦
FRONT offices, tingle or en mitei location
best; quick elev.; reasonable, ftjg- Market.
DESKROOM for rent; $8; telephone and other
conveniences. 628 Parrott building.
CASTRO, 536, hear Eighteenth — Large store, 3
rooms and bath.
BUNNY offices Just below. Kearny st; $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
a -, **¦ Neergaard, president St. Germain Col--
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2033.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel.Black561.
MISS LEMPP, . scientific palmist; hours 10-9;
ladles. 50c; gents, $1. 2247 Mission st.
AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; whitening & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
Papering room, $3 up; painting, whitening rea
sonble. Painter. 602 Stanyan: tel. Park 15.
physicians and surgeons.
absolu'teXy^^r^^consultTtTon^au
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myself. DR.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk st.. corner Mason.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market gt; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O"DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; ssa
testimonials at office. ll. r >-117 Maaon.nr.ElHs.
PERSONALS. __„
ABOUT "your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
Ing- and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem- !
edy is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It Is clean and healthful, is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails, i
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office.
385 Geary st.. The Star Remedy Co. j
AN OPEN i
CHALLENGE
Bring your own goods to us and we will make
and trim your suit or overcoat for $12; it will
Introduce our work. MASTEN, the Tailor,
- 701 Geary st.
ANY corn, bunion, callous or chilblain thor-
oughly cured with one box of Dr. Halprun-
er p s Corn Salve. Sold by all dealers, 25c and
60c per box; also sent postpaid. Address
MRS. HALPRUNER, 1501 Pacific ave., Ala-
meda, Cal. -
BE wise and investigate Mrs. Dr. Parlow's
Advanced Foot Treatment. So-called Incur-
able cases Invited. The Parlow Foot Instl-
• tute, 34 Kearny st. ; hours 9 to O; phone Red
2430. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, Mgr.
PERSONAL— Will ' the widow of PETER
HENRY of Peterborough, Ontario, later of
¦ Vancouver and Seattle, please send her ad-
dress /to the American Consul at Hamilton,
Canada.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order, I
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly: L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Feb. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth-.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MATRIMONIAL Register; send for latest issue
of our paper; communicate with hundrsds of
desirable correspondents; copies 10c. Address
Dept 38. P. O. box 412, Philadelphia. Pa.
IF any rich lady would like to take a beauti-
ful little grlrl and educate her as her own
child; 13 years old. Box 3633, Call office.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
• work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley, 1702 Market
ATTENTION, ladies — Lettuce Lotion, cleanser,
and Almondine Skin Food sell on their merits
for the complexion. Mme. Fisher, 502 Ellis.
A— WHAT do you think ,. O. HERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
JAMES McDONALD, Koyukuk] Alaska, is
wanted by MRS. ANDERSON, Hotel North-
ern. Seattle.
, SHOULD this meet the eye of THEODORE
1 ALLEN, please send your address. Box
3272, Call office.
A school to learn hairdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Marks t,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLd.
FIRST-CLASS champoo for 50c; hair dried
with warm air in 10 minutes; hair dressing
25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton 6t.
Marriage paper containing hundreds of "per-
sonal" aflvs. of marriageable people, many
rich, mall free. J. AV. Gunnels. Toledo, Ohio.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave: send
dime and birthday. J. MYERS, 105 Lincoln
Park Station, Chicago. «•
10,000 .PERSONS on whom to cure cancerous
diseases for $10 apiece at 238 Sixth st., room
11; call after 7 p. m. f
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on I
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular, j
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
I electric needle.Dr.&MrF.Travferse,1170 Market.
Superfluous hair & moles destroyed with electric
needle; trial free. Mme. Boling, 407B Hyde.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
ACTINA for sale by the A'Vida Company, 703
Valencia St., corner Nineteenth.
Skating rink, art callery. Mechanics' Pavilion;
open afternoons & evenings; 10c: ladies free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair nnd moles destroyed with
electric needle. MME. EOLING, 4O7B Hyde.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. BrlggM — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. DOS Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
fc moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play, books. wIks*
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.'
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal cogtumcr. 2(j O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suit?. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINt"
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
T.'nltod PtatP« nr Pnnwrtw. one ypar for SI.
propi;rty-o\v>f.ws & contractors.
HAVING ncquircd the Hentz«H patent chtm-
ri*y. I am prepared to erect it COc a foot up;
expert in curlnif smoking or faulty flue:.-
chimney top*, all descriptions, erected- con-
tractor brick and concrete work; foundations
and Fidevt-nlks specialty; brick put under old
bulldlncs; having my own screws and timbers
J csn do this work cheap and without obedi-
tncf to labor organization*: estimates free
J. SMITH. 29a-> MlsMnn. or box 200. 318 Bush!
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. •
RUPTURE CURE— TREATMENT^REE "~
If ruptured, call at Hunter's Sanitarium, 12C0
Market ft., rooms 5 and 0; new system.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectlonfl~made~-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 1 45 'cth.
WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng^ST"
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st..; tel. Howard 941; F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market «f
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore gt.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TIPE^VRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
¦ sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53fl California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctorsjestlmate free. 209 Sansome. I
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR 8ALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE I & CO..
63S Market st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TuetOvy February 11th. 1S02
At our .salesroom. No. 638 Market St.. at 12
o'clock noon.
THIRD- ST. CORNER- ,
Southeast cortvsr (No. 401) Third »t, and
Harrison st; store ,ind flat, 6 rooms; renta $»
Per month; lot 20x57: 6 feet
Northeasterly side (Nos.- 103-405) Third st. 20
feet southeastsrly from Harrison st.: store and
flat, 7 rooms; rent $.".9 per month; lot 33xS7 .0
feet. . ¦ :
, MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DE\CE
. North side (No. 2004*) Bush St.. SO feet west
of. Lyon st.; large, elegant, modern residence.
S rooms and oath, with 3 finished rooms In
basement: Dorcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc. ;
lot 23xr. r > feet; terms, one-quarter cash, balance
on flat loan at « per cent.
MODERN OAK-ST. RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 920) Oak St., 90:10 feet west
of Pierce St.; a handsome sruuny house. 10
rooms and bath, high basement, porcelain tub.
sanitary plumbing, etc.; lot 26x140:6: terms,
one-quarter cash, balance on flat loan at 0
per cent.
PACIFIC- AVE. MANSION.
South aide (No. 2719) Pacific ave.. 142 feet
weat of Scott st.: large, elegant modern resi-
dence, 12 rooms and bath: reception halls. In-
laid floors, cedar closets, etc.; lot 27:6x127:8^
feet; terms, one-quarter cash, balance on flat
loan at 6 per cent.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 2530) Washington st., 47
feet east of Stelner st.: an elegant, attractive
residence, 0 rooms and bath; sun and light In ,
every room; elegantly decorated j large lot, 44x 1
127:8}i feet.
LAKE VIEW HOME. .
Northwest corner of De Montford and Jules
aves.: a modern cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
high basement, stationary tubs, etc.: one block ,
from Mission st. cars; lot 112:6x150 feet:
terms, one-quarter cash, balance on flat loan
at 6 per ceat.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Northeast side (Nos. 243-245-247) Harriet St.,
225 feet southeast of Harrison St.; five flata.
3 rooms each, in good condition; rents $54 per
month; large lot, 50x75 feet.
FULTON-ST. CORNER.
Northeast corner Fulton st. and Parker ave.;
large, unimproved corner lot. level and ready
for building; McAIllster-st. cars pass thla
property; will be sold In subdivisions; lot 109:8
xl28:10% feet.
RICHMOND LOT.
West line of Cook st, 300 feet north of
Point Lobos ave.; a fine, level lot. ready for
building; street sewered, macadamized, etc.;
lot 25x120.
OCEAN VIEW HOME.
North side (No. 206) Minerva St.. 65 feet
west of Capital st; a well-built cottage, 4
rooms and bath; in good condition; lot 25x100
feet.
\ ALSO
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital sts^;
a fine, level lot, ready for building; MxlOO
feet: terms, one-quarter cash, balance on. flat
loan at 6 per cent
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market at
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. .
633 Market Street
$2,000 cash buys an elegant new niodern
residence of 10 rooms and bmth and
finished basement; only a short dis-
tance from Golden Gate Park; beauti-
fully finished; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$36,000 — Six new elegant niodern corner flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; on
the best portion of Golden Gate ave.;
renting for $3000 per annum; 55 feet
frontage on Golden Gate ave. by 100
feet In depth.
$32,500 — The best business corner on Devisa-
dero St.; present improvements store,
flats, etc., pays $2496 per annum: can
easily be materially Increased; lot 55x
81 :6 feet.
$14,000 — Elegant modern residence of 14 rooms,
2 baths; finished basement etc; on a
Gough-st. corner; only 6 years old;
rents $90 per month.
$11,500 — Rents for '$1380 per annum ; 3 flats;
new and modern In every respect; 6.
6, 7 rooms and bath; must be seen to
be appreciated; on the north side of
Page St., near Park Panhandle; lot
25x137:6 feet.
$11.300 — Two new modern fiats of 6, T rooms
and bath on Oak street and 2 flats on
Lily ave., near Laguna: rents $1260
per annum; fine lot, 27:6x120 feet
$8,000 — North side of Folsom st, opposite
. . Columbia Square; store and 4 flats;
well built; always rented; pays $840
per annum; lot 25x75 feet.
$8,000 — Three new modern flats on Harriet
St., near Howard; 6, 5, 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $870 per annum; lot
25x75 feet. '
$6,000 — Three desirable flats of 4, 6, 5 rooms
and bath; on north side of Golden
Gate av. ; rents for $600 per annum;
lot 25x137:6 feet
$3,000 — Swell Richmond cottage on Fourth
ave., near Clement st.; 5 rooms, bath
and attic; could at a small expenso be
finished off; lot 25x120 feet.
$2,500 — Two well-built flats of 4, 5 rooms and
bath on Green st., near Larkln; rents
$240 per annum.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
Some exceedingly desirable lots: Ashbury
Heights. . Call at office for particulars.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$125,000.
Corner; lot 70x130 feet; rent $900; one tenant.
$70. COO.
Reduced from $80,000: comer; 75x75 feet:
within one-third block from Market st., and
close to Hlbernla Bank; storea and lodging-
house; best investment off Market st; must
be sold.
$60,000.
Corner.* 4SxS2:6; first corner facing Market
St.. north; sold f«r $42,000 20 years ago; want
offer; 3 corners sold within 30 days on cross
street
$35,0C0.
Half block from Orpneum, one block from
proposed Crocker Hotel and new Flood build-
ing; stores and lodging-house.
$ to, oca
Geary-st. corner; lot 87:0x137:6; very sub-
stantial improvements; rents $255; pays "-per
cent net.
$30,000.
Fine business corner; three stores and six
flats; lot C8:0x71; rents S2450 per year.
$35,000.
McAlllster-st. corner; 85x03; good Improve-
ments; rents $220.
$12,C00.
Sutter st., near Jones: a choice buy.
$11,600.
E!li8-st. corner; stores and flats; three front-
ages; lot 37:GxS7:6; rents $95.
$11,000.
Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter; rents $90.
$9500.
¦ Rents $103; lot DOxSO: downtown Investment
$9C00.
Elegant residence; 8 rooms; best modern ap-
pointments.
$5500.
Flats; rents $56; lot 42:6 feet frontage.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Our many sales prove it.
$100 to $450 — Unexcelled Ocean Boulevard
lets; a nest-egg for investors; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
cf them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., nr. H st.
$400 to $S00 — Superb Richmond lots; $10
. monthly, j
$100 to $250 — Level building lots, near Mls-
sion-st. cars; 50 per cent, less than actual
\aiae; $5 monthly.
J10CO, 51350 to $2000 — Splendid cottages;
' choice locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. : 'V
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
HOME, SWEET HOME.
There is . nothing like owning your o'.vn Iv.rce
Go out on Twenty-third and Alvarudo st*.
and look at the new 5-room cottages ju?t fin-
ished, then come to the office and make ar-
rangements to buy one on the same torjns you
pay rent to the landlord.
JACOB HETMA>f,«
•117 Sutter st.
GOLDEN GATE— $100- park lots. $5 down and
¦¦¦ $1 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN', 117 Sutter st.
ELMHURST — $50 beautiful Alvin tract lots.
I • level, fronting the railroad station, rich soil.
¦ fine climate, 15 minutes' ride to Oakland; $5
down and $3 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN7
117 Sutter V. ' -.. ¦
FOR R&nt — Two-story house on Forty-ninth
ave.. Ocean Beach.- JACOB HEYMAN, 117
gutter st- ' • '¦ . .
$l,S00 — jjew C-room house opposite Valencta-»t.
terminus; easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN.
117 Sutter st.
FOR Sale — 28xS4; double house; 1G rooms and
'bath, at 070 Pine st.
$1100 — HOUSE, 5. rooms, bath; sunny corner
valued $1600; easy, terms. Ill Montcalm st
HELP WAJTTED— MALE — Oon.
--11 . ' ¦ — — -.¦¦.... .
TOUNO men to learn barter trade; catalogue
mailed. 6. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BuUIs, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for *hips for all parts of
the world. HERMAN" B. 26 Steuart et.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25o
to 50e. 583 Mission st,. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sire men's ehoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d its.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptiors has been established at 1098
Valencia St.
'• HORSES ASP WAGOJfS.
AT the Mascot Stable, 1108 Golden Gate ave.,
near Buchanan st. — 1 light rubber-tire buggy
and harness: 1 trap, trap harness, robes and
whip: beautiful sorrel horse 16H hands,
weight about 1200. as fast as any of the trot-
ters that you will see on the epeedway. Call
early, as this Is a bargain.
JTST arrived— 72 head well broke horses*
weight from 1150 to 1500 lbs.; suitable for
laundry, express, milk or bakery waeona.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721 Howard st.
A LOT of horses for Bale et Arcade Hern
Market, S27 Elxth Bt.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesdaj
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Anctloneer.
WANTED — A rood saddle horse; must be thor.
oughly broken and gentle. Address box 4,
Dimond, Alamefia County, Cal.
'WANTED — Saddle horses, hire or cash; good
lookers; white preferred. Woodward Amuse -
ment Co.. 402 Kearny et.
FOR sale — 21 good mules. Apply at 19th ave.
and K «t.. or office of City Street Improve-
ment Co.
SANTA ROSA eale and stock yard: horses,
harness and mingles bought and sold. 1499
Market st, cor. Eleventh. Phohs South SS4.
WANTED — A small neat laundry wagon in
good condition. 2125 Mission et.
AN A Ko. 1 express wagon, einple: also light
camping wagon for eale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR sale— 1875 Eddy et; stylish single foot-
lng saddle horse.
FIRST-CLASS Jersey cow and calf for sale.
407 Cureka st
DRUMMERS' sample gloves for sale at HEI-
NEMAN'B. 109 Sansome et
HOUSES TO LET.
X PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. T7MBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICE bouse of 7 R- and B. : large basement;
rent eheac O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montrogery gt
MISSION. 2723 — House of 7 sunny rooms; new
plumbing, large basement and yard.
BOUSES WAXTED.
HOUSE, 7 to 10 rooms, wanted by painter,
paperhar.ger; where part rent would be taken
out in work. Box 3259, Call office.
HYCIEXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
LADIES and gentlemen, this interests you —
Free consultation on hair and scalp treatment
by applying to MR. and MRS. HARTLAND,
room 88. 139 Post st.. Llebes building.
LOST A.\D FOU\D,
LOST— At or near 1902 Vallejo st, diamond
crescent Return 524 Chestnut 6t; reward.
LOST — Gold ring with 6 diamonds, fob and
locket: initials F. R. 520 Sansome st.; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES— All who are sick or In trouble call &
consult the epedalist; the unfortunate helped;
relief in all cases taken; the most obstinate
cases have been relieved by my medical treat-
ment: free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; all classes of female
complaints treated; relief to the longest cases;
all private diseases in both sexes treated;
blood diseases cured 10 to 30 days. DR G
W. O'DONXELL, 1018 Market et.. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, midwifery cases; takes ladies
berore and during confinement; best care;
confinement $15; rm., board. $5 wk.; infants
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private
resid.. t>06 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WTETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell et
LADIES, comuU the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 1228 Market st.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave. ; now 112 Mason.
MRS. D. GOODV,:iN, ladies' physician! 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
HIKDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEX. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Lr:on square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE, j
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont fit.
25 H.P. HORIZONTAL boiler and engins; all
complete; perfect order $300
10 H.P. upright boiler and engine; ready to
run; fine shape J150
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission gt.
A— BUTS. sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 2£t-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Bruns wick- Balke-Col lender Co.. eO2 Mission.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goodE; money back if not satisfactory.
KAIIN & CO.. 209 Battery St.. San Francisco.
THOROUGHERED hatching eggs and fowls]
Inglesile Poultry Yards, R07 Mount Vernon
ave.; get off car at Ingleslde Coursing Park.
FOR eale — 1 Worthirgton steam pump, 10r>0
gal. min., $500; 1 12x24 Corliss engine, $400.
410 Third et.. Oakland.
A— *3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine
FIXE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PRINTING plant; good as new; cost $4000 to
$5000; price $2000; low rent. 514 Pine; 10-12.
FOR SALE— 100.000 old bricks and 1 fiagpol"
60 feet long. California Market, or lsi'8 Fif-
teenth St.
VIOLIN — E. Pillemont-Early. ISth century ma-
ker; fine tone and condition. Box M274. Call.
A NUDE oil painting, pold frame, large size
$15. HARRIS' Loan Office, 105 Stockton Bt.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
MONTEZUMA'S dix-idend paying and safest
copper etock, 25c a share. Box 3636, Call.
6000 TO 10,000 feet of 3, 3V, and 4 Inch pipe.-
1CS Vallejo st,
3 FRESH cows for sale, with calves. J. F.
PERLE. Angel Island.
60ME nearly paid-up Tontine Savings Assn.
contracts. Address Savings, box 3225, Call.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock
BAKER & HAMILTON.
THOROUGHERED Scotch pups. 1167 Stan-
yan st
"Wall paper 3c. worth 10c: paperhanging. paint-
'¦p-tr. Merlran. 1302 Webster; tel.Jackson 132L
TTPEWB1TEBS, 2d hand", all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont'gy.
WANTED — Five rquare pianos, good for
_J^I^1e. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all sires, new and 2d-hand,
end launches. J. E. DOAK. 390 Mission st.
EN . G £ KE S and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J- BURKE. 133 Beale gt
i SA JF3~2 N " < ' w 8nd second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1S J"5 I t ASS 2< 3-hand modern engines and boilers
boorht, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MAGIC lantern*, new and 2d-Vand moving plc-
tures. BLLLAP.D & BRECK. 131 Post st
C £ RAPE ,? T and b "*t in America— The Weekly
r-'t,;^ %J' ap> ' s - r ' nt to any address In the
«-"""* Plato* or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLAAEQtS WAXTS.
V iJ£. pa 1,, c ,? Eh aM KOOd P ric *s for old seal-
S-.^L £<?*' a ,* °" ce - w «' call anywhere
within 25 miles of city, box 3276, Call office.
Tl '^T^?7; Ele^ rl v moXcT - a'temating current.
a en^ 0 :° SgTO n «» StreCt Im "
BI , G ,. rr J ces pal< L for Beall!I kln coats; also gents'
EELGIAN canary wanted: long breed. Fan-
cier, room V, 954 Broadway, Oakland.
FINELY carved ivory image 12 or 14 Inches
high : must be cheap. Box 3213. Call office.
TXLTOV wants good second-hand clothing and
tfaeatHcal roods. 1M &tu *l; teL Jessie 28SL
REAL ESTATl^ITT— FOB • SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. .
10 Montgomery Bt -
SUNNY CORNER RESIDENCE.
$13,600— Vallejo St., corner Laguna; price re-
¦ duced to make Immediate sale; resi-
dence of 15 rooms, bath, heater, etc.;
- lot 28:6x107:0. •
$6500— RENTS $600 PER ANNUM.
$0,600 — Russ St., near Howard and Sixth; lot
80x100; house of, 18 rooms, 2 baths.
$7000— RENTS $82 60 PER MONTH.
$7,000— Montgomery St.; lot 67:6x137:6; frame
buildings in flats; rents. $82 50 per
month; a splendid buy. .
$11,760— RENTS $97 60 PER MONTH.
$11,750— Howard st, near Nineteenth; 3 new
up-to-date flats of 7 and 8 rooms and
bath each; lot 33:6x70.
SUTTER-STREET INVESTMENT.
?25,000 — Sutter st. near Jones; frame build-
ings; rents $92 50 per month; large
' lot; this is a choice property.
CHEAP HOME ON TERMS.
$2,300— Only small amount cash, balance easy
payments ; cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
tiled mantels, etc.; Twenty-sixth St.,
near Castro. . • »
$4160— RENTS $38.
$4.150- Brick building of 4 separate flats on
Tehama st., near First; always rented.
• STOCKTON ST.. NEAR PACIFIC.
$7,000 — Two-story and basement brick build-
ing; rents $65 per month; lot 29x69.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$2,360— Cheap building lot on Scott st, near
Ellis; suitable for 3 flats; a bargain.
BUSH ST., NEAR LARKIN.
SPLENDID INSIDE LOCATION.
$7,250— Large house of 14 rooms, bath, con-
servatory, etc. ; can be easily con-
verted into 3 flata; lot 30x137:6.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$12,500 — Rents $102 50 per month; 2 separate
¦ houses and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; large lot, 55x137:6,
near Scott and Eddy sts.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Chance for' home builders and investment
seekers. . • .
Choicest building lots on easy payments; on
the, H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nineteenth-ave. boule-
vard.
Lots and streets on the official grade; macad-
amized;- plank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice; low prices; bound to increase in value;
your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent.
Money advanced for building purposes; the
costliest and handsomest modern homes in
Sunset district are now being occupied and
constructed on the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard.
Call at once at our branch office (open week
days, Sundays and holidays), corner H st. and
Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate Park, and
ask to be shown these beautiful lots; full par-
ticulars and price lists at our offices.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
115 LOTS! 115 LOTS!
AT THE POTRERO.
PRICES
$250 AND UPWARD.
MONTHLY PAYMENTS IF YOU PREFER.
Near Union and Rlsdon Iron works, Tubbs'
Cordage Factory, Sugar ¦ Refinery and lands :
purchased by Santa Fe Railroad; located on
Twenty-third, Missouri. Texas, Mississippi, In-
diana and Minnesota sts.
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Take Third-st. cars, get off at Kentucky and
Twenty-third sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
• . 10 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.), ~*
6U CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
27:6x137:6 — N. line Turk, near Taylor.
$16,000 — Vallejo st., near Mason; 38:3Vfcxl36:6
with L 39:2^x76:6; 6 front and 11 rear flats;
rents $150.
$12,500— McAllister, near Gough; 27:6x120 to
rear street; 3 flats; rents $92.
$8500 — Noe. near Seventeenth; 50x95; 4 flat3;
rents ?72 50.
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear St.;
house of 9 rooms and 2 rear flats; rents $84.
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x85; 3 flats;
rents $67.
- $6750 — Green, nr. Dupont: 20x137:6; new 3-
story building and rear house; rents $66.
$5000 — Union place, near Green St.; 20x58:9;
2 houses; rent $41.
$5000 — Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112:6;
3 new flats; rent $49.
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$41 50.
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31. 4 .
$1250 — Fell, near Devlsadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
* $17,000 — Sansome. nr. Grr-en; 83:0x137:6,
California near Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
137:6.
$9500 — Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55x81:3.
$8000 — Green, mar Polk; 80x115.
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5250— Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102:8'4. -l
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st. ; 200x
120.
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert sts.; 25x70.
$3500 — Falton st., near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
Point Lobos. near 22d ave. ; 53:4x100.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 43:6x100.
$?,00O_ciay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot.
$2150— Union St., near Webster; 34:4>4x
137 :«.•¦•'• ¦ .
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114.
$1250 each — Polk st.. near Chestnut; 3 lots,
*'$lobo^-Sanchez. near Elghteerth; 25x105.
$85 a front foot— Mission, nr. "Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, $200 to $100; terms easy; electric
road passes. .
WE ARE BUILDERS
OF HAPPi
HOMES '
1
STOP PAYING RENT
AND INTEREST.
PAY OFF THAT MORTGAGE.
We Will Furnish the Money. You Can Repay
-It by Monthly Installments of
$5 45 or $6 45 for Each $1000.
WITHOUT INTEREST.
Come First' and You Will Be
Placed in Your Own Home First.
WE COURT INVESTIGATION.
PACIFIC HOMEBUILDERS' ASSOCIATION,
701-724 Hay ward Bldg. , ¦
W. B. AMES, General Mg'r.. Phone Grant 181.
PORTLAND— SAN FRANCISCO— SPOKANE.
MANHATTAN *LOAN r COMPANY (Inc.),
7th Floor. Crocker Building.
$500 Cash, balance easy payments; cottage
and large lot; No. 323 Twenty-ninth
st. near Church; street bituminized;
cars pass property; building in first-
class condition; bank will loan $1400
on this property; a bargain for some
one;, sold by order of mortgagee; offer
'wanted; open for inspection .Sunday
between 2 and 3 p. m.
?300 to $500 down will purchase an utj to
date cottage in any part of the Mis-
sion: ve have a largo list of new cot-
tages, modern In pvory respect; taken
for mortgages at half the real value;
-will 'Sell -for- amount of mortgage -on
terms to suit purchaser.
$15,500 — Rent $1500 per annum: one-third cash.
. balance at bank interest; threo mod-
' era 'houses of 10 rooms each; in flrst-
'' class shape; wooden mantels and all
1 niodern conveniences; a \ bargain at
¦ . $20,000; sold by order of . morts-aree
¦for less than amount loaned; lot 60x
i:i7:G feet: O'Farrell St.. near Web-
ster; buildings could be easily changed
into flats.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
. 7th Floor. Crocker Building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.... REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery St., room 11..
Rents callected;; full charge taken of property.
$2,500 — Very cheap property; lot 30x100; near
¦ , ' Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$18,500— Three very stylish new sunny flats,
8 rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$2,600 — Cczy home. 6 rooms and bath; 13th st,
near Howard; reduced from $3000.
$13,000— Three stylish new 7-room flats; Page
¦1 - St.. near Baker: rents $120.
, $6,S5O— Choice Pactflc' Heights lot on Jack-
• • son Et, near Octavia; 40:6x127:8.
.HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. • .
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., near
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.'
A. B. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
11. :¦-. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave. •
IF you have any vacant lot north of Vallejo
¦ ¦ st. : • and from • Van Ness ave.' out as far as
Lyon St., and you want to sell, it. then call
on the undersigned for an Immediate buyer:
either a subdivision or a 50-vara lot. W. J.
GUNN, 530 California st.
ANOTHER residence ! wanted to purchase
north of Vallejo st. or on any of the cross
streets from Van Ness ave.' to Lyon st. The
, ; '. undersigned had two buyers for. a property
Just • sold within , that section. ; a cash ¦ pur-
chaser; if you have anything to offer submit
It. W. 3. GUNN, 030 California st - f
HEAL ESTATE— CTTT— FOB. gJtlA
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
LOTS TOR HOMES. LOTS FOB T&AXg,
LOTS FOR BPECUULTK»f. ]
$2750 each — 2 choice lota eav Ashbcrr •<_.
between Halght and Fm*», eaa& 2&i|
12700— Sunny rid* ©f paj, near t^h jjj
100 feet; street aoceptsd; stone side*
walk laid.
$4500 — A cheap corner; 'Waller rt. fM V'T^ntl
.,,_ ave.; 33x105 feet; all street work don*
$115 per front foot— Clayton st. bitwrf
Halght and Page; 60x100 feat; wia asu
.lot of any size.
11550 each— Stanyan »t., sear Cart; I tod
£££ «ach 25x105 feet.
$1700 each— 12 bl« lot* on Frederic* $L.
between Cole and dayum; street paredj
atone curb laid.
$1900 — Another bargain; northwast tuiuii Wik
Hard st. and Parnassus ave.1 27:6x94:3
.,««> £*, t: eIectrt0 w * P">! *rand fUriT^
$1900 — Cole St., near Frederick: fin* lot fta
flatj. 25x108:7 feet.
$1500 each — 9 lots on Carl st.. <w*mt—
Cole: each 25x137:8 feet.
$400 — Very cheap; Btanyaa it. Ti'Wlf 23fhl
amlaed.
Send for printed Kit ot property tar sal* tt
all sections ©« the dty. *""*""* *"* mmm *
LTOX A HtXua, '
114 Moctaqmary »>»
LYO2* & HOAG, """""""
114 Montgomery Street.
$5.100— Two bay-window flats on aanar itf*
Guerrero, between 14th and tldi 1
and 6 large rooms aad batiu lot «ff^
107: a bargraln.
53,600 — Octavia, near Filbert; nlc« hoes* M 8
rooms and bath, conservatory and hTra
basement; lot 23x137 id feet to teaj
street; cheap piece of property.
$3,000 — Liberty, near Noe; n*w story f"1 s)
half house of 6 rooms and bath: nicely
arranged and finished In rood taatet
with all modern conveniences; lot 2Sct
101:8 feet; ens-fourth cash,
monthly.
'\2 730— Post st., near Scott; 2-story hens* of
7 rooms and bath.
$2.730— Rents $40; Midway st. (near XXrpont
and Francisco); 4 fiats and sta-bla.
(4.000 — Harrtson-st. corner, near 7th: 60-ioqi
front: improvements, storea and resS
dences; renta $38; cheap place of pro>
erty.
$7.000— Rents" $87 60; lot 80 tt. front; braniJ.
new flats on Cole st-. near FVederleki
8 and 7 rooms and bath each; f '" 1 fT"-fl
In latest style with kitchen In center:
all rooms handsomely tinted and dsco>
„„ " rated; abundance of light and sun.
$7,250— Guerrero, near 22d; 4 flata; rents $5i]
lot 37:6x115 feet, with 2 frontages.
$2,800 — Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath
and basement: modern! lot v**i4^
§fVt.? u $Yow *£&¦*• 10Ul aT% " ""
$0,230— Capp st.. near 24th; lot 80x115 ftoti 4
flats of 4 and 5 rooma each; rents S&X
$10,500— Rents $100; 3 brand-new fiats, facia*
the Park; lot 25x100:3 feet; street Ac-
cepted; flats finished in latest stylai
exceptionally wall built; rooms hand*
somely tinted and decorated ; latest
style FVench fiats; always prove a
good investment.
SL700— Paclflo rt, near Larida; housa ol B
».•«.. l°° ma and bath « lot SOzTC feet.
$13,230— Larkln, near Jackson; key lot; Im-
provements, 8 handsome flats of f
rooms and bath each, renting for $1201
best Investment on the market, as th*
. property Is close to town and the rents
will never have to be reduced.
515,000 — Sacramento, near Montgomery; ft.
story and basement brick baadlnxl
lot 30x137:6; rent $80.
LYON & SCUM.
_^__^_ 114 Montgomery st.
SHAHWALD, BUCKLE!: & COi
REAL ESTATE AGENTk
..*. «^ , 213-220 MontCTOMrr •%
$21.000— Larkln st, near City Hall; lot 60x87 td
feet; cheap.
$20.000— Ellis st.. nortn Bne. near Taylor; two,
story bouse of 12 rooms »n> ba£b.i
renta $75; lot 25x157:0 feet.
$25,000 — Fremont st, near Howard; water let.
45:10x137:6 feet «w ws»
$23,000— Pacific ave., north line, near Octa-
via; residence 14 rooms and two baths t
MxisTfT^." 1112101 * «- — H
$7750— Fillmore St.. near Sacramento: trans-
fer point; two-story house of 8 rooms
.,, «aa *, nd batn: TmU •*'• lot 23*»0:« feet.
$12.000— Polk-st. corner with Improvements ;.
store, fiats and two houses; rents S73t
lot 47:6x100 feet. *-?••»*
$7500 — Leavenworth st.. near Broadway? tour
2-story houses hi good condition- rents
$54; lot 80x60 feet.
$S000— Octavia Bt, near Golden Gate av*t;fln«
house, 8 rooms: extra lot 60x107:0 feet.
$4500 — Green st., north line, near Devlsadero;
34x137:6 feet; a choice bargain; rnol
rlne view.
$3000 — The cheapest .and beat building tot la
the "Western Addition: north side day
st, near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet.
16000 — Sacramento st, near Stelner; a bar-
gain; bay-window residence S rooms
and bath; sunny side; lot 25x123 feet.
$12.500 — Income property; close to water front!
" rents $97 50; pays 8 per cent net.
$6000 — California-st. resldenc* of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenant sari
water; lot 24x100 feet
$9250 — Northwest corner Sacramento st-J
flats 7 and 8 rooms and bath eaohj
latest In every way; lot 87:6x57 feeti
rents $75.
$2000 each — Capp st, near Sixteenth; % lots.
25x105 feet each.
$12,300 — Grove st, near T^rVt^; jot 80x1201
- . with fine building of store and two
upper floors; rents $43; one block fironi
. City Hall.
$11,500 — Post st., sunny side, near LaxUn; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to rear
street
$2950— No. 8649 Twenty-first st. near Church »
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms ana
bath; large lot 60 feet front by 114
feet; grand view of the city; a positive
bargain ; must be sold.
$6000— Devisadero-st flats, near Ellis; present
rents $40; could be largely Increased 11
a little money was spent on the build*
Ing; lot 25x90 feet; lot alone wortti
price asked for the property.
..
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
tor sale. ¦' '.'•.•..
SHAINWAXD. BtrCKBEB A COL,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bids,
13OVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Fn3
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST. * '
$13,000 — Stockton st, near Lombard: three)
two-story houses of 9 and 10 rooma and bathl
lot t"S:9xlOO feet: rents $S6 per month
$20,000 — Lot 50xlC0 feet, close to Market and
Eighth sts.
$10,000 — 2 modern flats on Deviaadero st.
near McAllister; containing 7 and 8 rooms »r\i
bath; rents $70 per month; lot 25x100 feet
$7500 — Washington St., near Fillmore; choice
residence containing 12 rooms and bath; rent
$60 per month.
$6000— Sutter st., near Buchanan; residence
containing S rooms and bath; lot 27:6x137:9
feet.
$5750 — Baker st. near Sacramento; lot 65s
$2:6 feet; street bituminized; an elegant loca-
tion for flats.
$3000 — Elegant residence; lot overlooking Pre>
sidlo reservation; size 30:9x113 feet.
$6500 — Fell st., near Buchanan; Improve-
ments consisting of flats and residence; lot
27:6x120 feet: rents $60 per month.
$6750 — Pierce St.. near Haight: pair of flats
containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 23x
1C6:3 feet: rents $55 per month.
$4000— Twelfth ave.. near Clement St.; new
cottage containing 6 rooms and bath; large sta-
ble; lot 60x120 feet.
$125 per front foot; elegant building lots on
Further particulars of BOVEEv TOT tt
BONNTAG. 624 Market St. __^
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance,
304 Montgomery »t
$15.000 — Pacific ave.; choice location; com-
fortable residence of 12 rooms: permanent view.
— Renta $500 per annum: Clay, near Ha»
3on; store and upper part; 2 frontages.
$2500 — Artistic cottage of 5 rooms; Clement
St.; lot 23x120; charming little home; Cower
garden, etc.
$50 down, balance easy payments; Richmond
lots. 25x120 each. '
HAVE you a lot to exchange for corner lot.
53x108, on Alcatraz ave., block from San
Pablo ave.. Golden Gate, Oakland: close to
schoolhouse and station; value $900;'will pay
$300 to $1000 cash difference. L. H.
MOISE. 320 Sansome st.
FOR SALE — As a whole or In subdivisions, 60-
vara lot. south line Union st; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:6 feet Inquire o£
CHARLES C. BEMI3. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st.
V~w COR. Halght and Flllmore, 120x137 id)
- busy transfer point. ASHTON ft GARDI-
NER, 411 Montgomery st
N. SIDE McAllister, near Baker, 25x137 1«|
*N side Frederick, near Ashbury, 30x113:9.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery.
VALENCIA, near 22d — Double frontage: any
size. ASHTON & GARINER, 411 Montgoxn-
ery st
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market st.. corner Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property bought and sold.
Renta collected. "
LOT and two-story house. Mason st, n*ar Bay,
$380u; large lot, three-story house, on Na-
toma St., between Eighth and Ninth, $3200.
Address or call, R. M. BARTHOLD, 123
California St.. or 1024 Golden Gate ave.
$2250 — FINE new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and finished basement: on sunny side street
310 Jersey St.. near Noe.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Tnirty-roux*
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
' 14 Montgomery st.
¦ AUCTION. "
. \ AUCTION.
1 .AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom. MONDAY, February 17th,
1902, at 12 o'clock noon.
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Referee Sale.
No. .238 Sixth st. and No. 69-71-73 Harriet
st. ; Improvements consist of store, lodging-
house ol 18 rooms and three tenements; double
frontage ; subject to confirmation by the Su-
perior Court.
LAMBERT ESTATE. .
Administrator' Sale.
Nos. 1068-70 Howard st. and Nos. 577-570
Natoma st., between 6th and 7th sta. ; im-
provements consist of 2 stores, 3 flata of 4
rooms and 2 lodging-houses of 14 and 19 roomn
each; rent $1W>2 per annum; with little outlay
ths> income of this property could be consider-
ably increased: S0x165, 1 irregular; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
PO3T-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1649-1 W51-1G53 Post st., bet. Laguna and
Buchanan sts.; 3 elegant new modern flats of
& rooms and bath each; rents -$102 50 per
month, which are low; lot 25xl>xX37:6.
WESTERN ADDITION CORiNER.
Nos. 511-513 , Octavia st. and No. 511 Ivy
ave., bet. Hayaa and Grove sts.; good' im-
provements consist of 3 houses of 0 rooms anl
bath each, all in perfect order; rents $U8 per
month, which are low; lot 35x80.
HOWAKD-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 2224 Howard St., bet. 18th and 19th
sts.; residence of » rooms and bath; brick
foundation; larce garden and yard; lot 60x
12i!:G.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 21 Baker St., bet. Haight and Page sts.;
choics bay-window residence of S rooms and
bath; enly one block from Park; bank mort-
gage of $3500 can remain.
REFEREE SALE.
15th St., junction 01° Market and Sanchei
sts. ; 2 choice building lots, 25x100 each; sub-
ject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
. MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. 9 Pearl St., bet. Market and 13th, Val-
lencia and Guerrero sts. ; substantial dwelling
of 0 rocms and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
lot 25x1.0.
CAPP-ST. RESIDENCE.
'No. 842 Capp st., bet. 23d and 24th its.;
modern bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; in perfect order; street bltumlnlzed and
accepted by the city.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
No. SSOO 17th st., NW. cor. of Sanchez st.;
good improvements, consist of d storto and 'i
flats; rents $1)2 per month; lot 30x91:0.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
No. 2763 Octavia St., near Green et. ; cozy
cottage of 6 rooms; street bituminized and ac-
cepted by the city; lot. 31x72.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
13th st.. south line, bel. Guerrero and Do-
lores sts.; 2 level building lots, 25x90 each.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery at.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery at.,
REAL ESTATE.
$36,000 — Choice corner on Van Ness ave.; old
Improvements; rents nominal; If prop-
erly Improved .would yield handsomely;
large lot, UUxlO7.
$15,000 — Rents 5120 per month; Octavia St.,
near Ellis St.; 3 new, handsome flats
of 7-8 rooms and bath each; elegantly
finished; 25x82:6.
$14,000 — Rents $120 per month; Pine St., near
Hyde st.: 3 substantial, modern flats
of 7-8 rooms and bath eaofr; rear cot-
tage and stable: 24x137:6.
$14,000 — Rents $105 per month; Leavenworth
St., this side of California St.; 2 three-
story houses of 10-11 rooma and bath
each; if oroperly Improved would
* ' yield handsomely; 57:6 feet front.
$14,000 — Rents $115 per month; Hyde St., near
Sutter St.; a new bay-window flats of
6-7 rooms and bath each; 25x87:6; two
frontages.
$12,500 — Choice corner on Hyde st.; store and 2
fiats.
$10,00(^-Rents $60 per month, which will read-
ily stand an increase; corner on Mib-
sion st., near 16th st. ; a good build-
ing of 2 stores and flat of 7 rooms,
bay-windows, brick foundation, etc.;
large lot. 30-foot front.
$10,000 — Rents $'J3 per month; Mason st. ; 6
substantial fiats of 5-4 rooms and
bath each: ,39: 9x97: 6.
$10,000 — Rents $85 per month; choice corner
near 4th and Brannan sts.; store and
2 fiats of ,7 rooms and bath each and
2 houses of 7 rooms each; large lot
;i6xl60; three frontages.
$S.0O0 — Rents $C5 per month; Fell St., close
to Park Panhandle; make offer, as the
owner must sell; 3 new bay-window
flats, nicely finished ' and steadily
rented.
$7,250 — Rents $C8 per month; ' Howard .St.,
near 12th st. ; 3 bay-window flats of
0-7 rooms and bath each; brick foun-
dation, etc.: l'5xi."J7.
$7,000 — Rents ?ti2 50, which can be readily
increased; Folsjni st., near 12th St.;
.... ,t., a Rood, substantial three-story bulld-
, ... Ing, consisting of^store and 2 flats;
" separate entrances ;" this location is
rapidly improvinr and becoming de-
sirable property.
$6,500 — Rents $60 »er month: Fell st.; 3
houses of 6-5 rooms and bath each;
large lot, 27:6x120; two frontages;
this is a good buy.
$C,000— -A choice northeast corner, close to the'
/Park Panhandle; 46:10x100; an ideal
lot for flats.
$5,500 — Rent3 $43 per month; Devlsadero st. ;
2 flats of r>-(> rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, .etc.; must sell, to
close an estate.
$5,500— Rents $37 P0, which can be readllv.
Increased; Oak st., near Scott St.; 2
well-built flats of 5-6 rooms and bath
each; in sood order; 25x100.
$3,750 — Rents *32 50 per month; Sacramento
st., near Leavenworth st. ; 2 flats of
5-6 rooms and bath each; in good
order.
$3,100 — Rents $33 50 per month; near Oth and
Mission sta.; 3 desirable flats of 3-4
rooms each; street paved and ac-
cepted by the city; a bargain.
$3,100 — Rents $24 50 per month, which Is low;
Langton St.; double house of 5-4
rooms; in perfect order; brick founda-
tion, etc. -
$3,000 — Rents $35 per month; 23d St.; store
and flat of 5 rooms and V>ath; 24x114;
this Is a snap.
Call or write for cur Real Estate Record,
containing a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. •
Latest Pocket Man of San Francisco. 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & .CO.,
. • • , 14 Montgomery St..
Real Estate.
CENTER & SPADER,
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors,
11 Montgomery St., Lick House Block.
$11,000 — Rents $85; choice investment on
Post st., near Jones; particulars at office.
$1(5.500— Rents $160; Brannan st., near Third;
2 frontages; well improved: streets paved and
accepted; lot 46x107; very cheap.
$4000-^Rents ?44; 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
lot 25x124:3; two frontages; Harrison, near
Eighteenth.
$2000 — Eddy st.. near Van Ness; 3 modern
flats, 0 rooms each; elegantly finished; renting
for $170; 27:6x120.
Two bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$31: lot 25x117 to rear street: only $3500.
$2800 — Rent $30; 4 flats on Rltch st., near
Folsom; 25x75; owner must sell, i
$15,000— Snap; reduced from $17,000 to make
Immediate tnle; choice lot on Eleventh st.,
near Harrison; two frontages; 100x185.
$2500 — Two-story house, two tenements, 7
rooms each: renting for .*22; Rondell place, off
Sixteenth st. ; this is cheap property.
$4250— Shotwell.st., near Nineteenth; lnt 30x
122:6; rear end of which is Improved with 2
flats, 5 rooms each, and renting for $25; an-
other building on this lot would pay big
Interest.
$55,000 — Choice northwest corner on Golden
Gate ave.; well improved; rented for $310 per
month :,larse lot, 87:6x05.
. $3750— Bush St., near Broderick; lot 37:6x
137:0; old lirprovements.
$10,000 — Fulton st.. near Devlsadero; 2 hand-
some up-to-date flats of 8 rooms each; rents
$85: lot 30x137:0. '
$1750— Hayes 'St., near Masonic ave.; choice
lot, 25x137:0; very cheap.
$1200— Half block In the University -Tract;
200x240 ;-nv.:st be sold.
$G00 — Larpe lot, 50x175, fronting on Corbett
road and Falcon ave.; accessible to cars; level
and rentfy to b'.iild on.
$3C0— Lots 25x110 in College Homestead; a
few steps from Mission-st. cars.
LOTS'. LOTS'! LOTS!!!
$1600........ to........ $2500. •
Block bounded by
Folsom and Twentieth Fts. and Treat ave. •
EASY TERMS.
: 1-3 Cash, balance In 1 and 2 years.
0 rer cent interest. ¦'
- Most desirable and cheapest lots in the Mis-
sion; all* on grade; streets sewered, curbed,
bltumlnlzed and cement sidewalk*: Folsoir.-st.
cars pass the property; the only blogk loft on
Folsom St., so don't mis3 this opportunity;
select your lot to-day. ¦
CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
ROGER D. MAGEE.207 Montgomery st.
$4,000— No. 352 Brannan st. and lot 22x80 to
-. ,-r Park Lane; 2 frontages; house of 0
. • ¦ rooms.
$10,5C0- : -House of 10 rooms and lot. on De-
visadero st.,. "bet. ¦ Sacramento and
. Clay sts. . •
$17,000— SE. cor. Gouzh and Jacksan sts.; CO
«*t on Jackson by 127:8 on Gough st.
$1,000 to $35,000— Lots and houses and lots
In and around Mill Valley; the new
electric railroad will be running with-
in the year.
$8,500— Rents for $86 50; Nos. 3257 to 3260
Twenty-fourth st., cor. of Capp; is
¦ . always rented; pays over 10 per cent.
$1,000— Lot 20x57:6; SE. corner of Filbert st.
and Varennes place, bet. Kearny and
Dupont sts. ; . " ':.-.•'
$105,000 — Vacant lot, -181 feet on East st., run-
ning i- through to Drumm St., on
which street it also fronts 160 feet;
'¦...-.. this property is bet. Jackson' and
Pacific sts. and fronts directly on the
Eea ¦ wall. '.
$30(V : -LOT 25x112:6; one block from cars; ready
to " build on. , THE : MCCARTHY CO.. 648
Market st. . . .
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilised, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MIXIXG ASP ASSAYIKQ.
FOR sale — Property ot the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Company, situated in Ne-
vada County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 3
patented claims. 8-ttamp quartz mill, ditch
and hoisting works; reasons for selling, non-
experience of mining by owners; mine open
for inspection. Further particulars from A.
MEISTER, Sacramento. Cal. . ,
COALINGA ' oil shares for sale cheap or ex-
change; no wildcats. Box 3637, Call of flee.
THOSE having capital and desiring work about
a mine, address box 3288, Call office.
aiixEs Axp anxiXG. ,
MONTEZUMA shareholders, read about the
big 'Tacoma Company" on the financial
page of to-day*« Call.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, Examiner big., 8.
F.; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
W_OMflY TO LOAX. "~~"
HEitMAN~MUKPHYT^BOi ExamlneT~buUdlnT
J4.500.O00 at lowest -rates ....
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates ...
Property belne held in trust "*
.... Undivided interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate'
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes'*
If You Need Money 7...
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. «03 Examiner* "big".
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit-
City, Oakland. Town and Country properti"
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies- will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 6024 MAV-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT ~~~ ~~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate"
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhero
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3 ........
ANT proposition, any amount; ti per cent* first
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corpo ration loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84«
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Of flee. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et; phone Red 1603.
ANY amount. lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal ;ccnfidential.
ORMSBY.2B Montgomery st..opp. Lick House.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 027 Market, room 613.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commit. ;confidentlal. Whltehead.1710 Market.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people onnote without
lndorser. MORRELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Thone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
O-. salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
connted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a-fTome I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser: other proposi-
tlong. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS monev on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MOXEV WAXTED.
WANTED — $1000 on suburban town realty 10
per cent. Box 3290. Call office.
__^ MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
GREAT REMOVAL SALE. ~— ™ -
On the 1st of March we go Into our new
building and hall — the most artistic on the
Pacific Coast. Up till then we will sell the
following upricht pianos:
7 Steinway from $1C5 to $345
6 Heine from 105 to 675
8 Chickering from 135 to 300
3 Haynes from lot) to 245
2 Conovers from 230 to
1 Hallet & Davis 305
5 Mason &. Hamlin 295 to 335
6 Sherwood H5 to 135
32 second-hand uprights 36 to 190
Thousands of the Peerless Heine pianos
are in use in San Francisco houses. Only
direct factory representatives on the coast
and profit from factory to purchaser. We
will rent you any piano, and if you pur-
chase, rent will apply on purchase price; $4
a month rents or buys a new piano during
this
GREAT REMOVAL SALE.
Arents for the famous Krell, Hallet &
Davis, Heine and 20 others
50 NEW PIANOS FOR $137.
If you cannot afford to pay $4 a month
we always place amount paid to your credit
so that you can take up your contract at any
time. HEINE PIANO CO. 217 Geary st.
ALL makes; lent $2 up, credited If purchaseii
installments $3 up; old pianos bousht and
exchanged; bargains ?25 up Jn Steinway
Heine. Chickering, etc.; agents wanted for
Krell. Heine, Hallet & Davis and 20 other
makes: we give full cash discount if you can
l;ay J25 down and $10 a month; some new
pianos for 5137. HEINE PIANO CO., 1'17
Ueary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
bcth new and second-hand, is the largest west
cf Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $0 per month; some good
pianos tor $3. $1 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter st?.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. ~~ ~~
BYRON MAUZY Pianos
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos
6PEILMANN Pianos
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS
BYRON MAUZY. .10S-310-312. P.,st sL
A FINE assortment of good second-hand up-
rights are on hand for you to select from
The prices are low, the quality «xce:ient. We
have many new DrcUers, Wissners, Baumois-
tcrs ar.d others. Payments pecepted if you
de-sire to buy that way. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 709 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
withli, 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1S50.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— "
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs Irom $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BKNJ. CU11TAZ A
SON. 1G to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sierlinc piano*.
A FINE lartre upright. $150; a beautifully
carved A. B. Cameron piano, mahogany case,
in use only a few month*. $275: new pianos
to rent. $3 60; nquares, $1 60 and $2: Beck-
ctein babv grand, almost new. BOWERS A
SON. 23 5th st.. agts for Ivers A Pond pianos.
A FIRM'S failure to realize immediate cash
have stored with us for advances lot of strict-
ly high-grade new pianos; now for sale at any
reasonable offer to raise money; they must
go; easy payments: other storage uprights $40
up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Mnrket st.
WE have a large shipping order for old square
and upright planox; will buy or exchange.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
OUR pianos the leading makers; price $100 up.
ward: values 'beet in the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Churcr.
K FINE lot of artistic ' pianos now on display
at the new muric store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st.
VIOLIN— E. Pillemont-Early. ISth century ma-
ker; fine tone and condition. Box 3274. Call.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON, 8 Flood big.
3LEGANT upright high grade piano for sale
very reasonable. 847 Halght st.
PERSON leaving State will sacrifice full-sized
modern upright piano. 433 Golden Gate ave.
PIANOS, all makes, new or 2d-hand, $75 up;
easy paymts. Fay's Piano House, 1729 Mlssn,
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayeg st
J175— A RARE chance; fine upright. 8CHMITZ.
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Lathan place.
A.T KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St., near Market—
Bhoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
I WEEK'S news for O cents — The Weekly Call. ,
XO pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year. >THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1902.
34
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. '
903 Broadway Oakland.
A new home for $4000 on easy terms on the
S« . corner of Valdez and Twenty-fourth sts. ;
beautiful high lot; getting sun all day; the
house is colonial stylo with 7 rooms, bath, ce-
ment basement and every modern improve-
ments; rooms all large; line large closets; oak
hall and dining- room; optn fireplace; , will be
completed within a month; see this place at
once by 1 purchasing now; the selection , oZ~
painting and tinting Is left to you.
WILL BUILD TO SUIT. .
On the NW. corner of Second ave. and E.
Eleventh st.; beautiful high lots; street wp/k
all done; any size lot desired; look at thoie .u =
,to-day and we will then show you plans aril
give fisures: small payment down, balance
same as rent. .
Fllbert-st. lot, near Fourteenth; 42x100;
?1COO; very desirable and a bargain.
$5500 — The best bargain in Oakland In a fine
home; the property Is on Thirteenth St.. near
Madison; lot CUxlOO; very fine house of 9 large
rooms and all modern conveniences; easily
worth $8000; rented for $50 per month net.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$9000 — Pays $9G 25 per month: four of the
best flats in Oakland: first-class location: near
Broadway, and trains; each flat has 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $12,000 2 years ago.
EAST OAKLAND HOME.
Given away for $5500; cost $11,000: large NE.
corner lot 75x125; very fine house of 9 rooms:
bank mortgage of $3750.; situated on NE. cor-
ner of Ninth ave. and East Twentieth st.
BERKELEY PROPERTY.
Corner Alcatraz and Telegraph aves.; CO lots
on very easy terms at' very low prices; close to
train: electric cars pass property; school oppo-
site; fine cha-nce for speculation or for home;
will build on any lot to suit. '
BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE HOME.
$2850 — New, modern cottage of 0 large rooms,
bath, reception hall, high basement and mod-
ern Improvements; lot Is 50x116; on west side
of street; prettiest cottage in Oakland.
$5000 — Piedmont horr.e; only one year old:
owner must leave Oakland; large lot, 50x125;
very fine two-story modern house; neighborhood
the very best; only one block from car line.
$7500 — In Lakeside district, east of Broad-
way and north, of Twelfth St.; very handsome
property at a bargain; lot CCxlOO; house of 10
rooms; all- modern improvements and in fine
condition. •
ALICE-ST. PROPERTY.
Between Thirteenth and Durant; any size lot
desired; only $80 per foot; Just reduced from
$100 to close the Shatter estate; finest residence
section of Oakland, being within ,5 minutes'
walk of Broadway and the trains. '
See the property at 941 Myrtle St.. between
Eighth and Tenth sts.; lot 50x125: large house
of 9 rooms and bath. In good condition; owner
has left Oakland and must sell; mortgage of
$1500.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
00.3 Broadway, Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; all newly
papered and painted; In first-class condition;
stone walks laid and street work complete;
close to electric car line; a bargain; see this
at once.
$2000 — Two-story house of 7-rooms and
-bath; lot 40x100: near local and one block
from electric caf line; stable: chicken
houses, etc.; fine view and a good location; :
easy terms if desired. 1
$800 — Good 5-room cottage in fine condition;
2 ¦ blocks from local ; street work all done ;
good yard; can be bought on easy terms.
$4500 — Elegant home of 8 rooms and bath;
all modern Improvements; an exceptionally |
fine location, being central and near H13I1 j
and grammar schools and churches; buiit j
for present owner at a cost of $6000; Just as
good as new; see this at once.
$3200 — Pretty colonial style new modern
house of 7 large rooms (Just completed) ; curly
redwood finish; open plumbing; porcelain bath
and sink; stationary wash tubs; house beauti-
fully tinted; lot 40 feet front; above- the
street grade; nice sloping lawn; street work
all done and stone walks laid; tenant ready
to take possession at -5360 per year; small
family and responsible party; this is a very
desirable home and an excellent Investment.
Some fine propositions in country property,
with cash difference to exchange for city,
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$2(500 — ORIGINALLY COST $3600.
New C-room house; the latest improvements
(note, lot 60x140); convenient to cars, schools
and business center; everything In first-class
order; owner non-resident and property must
be sold without reserve; terms f desired; it
is an ideal home. J.-S. MYERS & CO., 1002
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. . . .
$3500— WORTH TO DUPLICATE $4000.
Two-story 7-room house; new; architectural
design and finish Is the latest and best ever
offered for sale; built without regard to ex-
pense as to construction, plumbing and In-
terior finish; an ideal home; an ideal spot and
extremely low price; $1100 cash, balance
bank mortgage. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3000— A BEAUTY. ~~~
New 6-room 2-story house; sunny; large lot;
open plumbing; street work all complete;
convenient to business center, cars and
schools; an Ideal home; best neighborhood
residence in Oakland; terms only $1000 cash,
balance mortgage. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3C00— COST TO DUPLICATE $4500.
New 7-room house; 3 blocks to local station,
cars arid near ¦ business center; dining-room
i 23 feet long; open plumbing; No. 1 neigh-
borhood; architectural design and finish the
prettiest in Oakland; only $1000 cash, bal-
ance can remain on mortgage; owner must
leave Oakland and is compelled to sell; first
come, first served. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$500 CASH, $10 monthly: a new modern cottage
of 4 large rooms; large bath room,'- porcelain
tub; nickel plated fittings; high and dry
basement; 6 large lots, all fenced; 100x150;
superb soil; grand, view; no fogs, no cold
winds here; adjoining East Oakland; 36 new
houses built within 6 months; surroundings
building up rapidly; near a model school
house and electric car lines; this is an ideal
spot for a home; -a lovely grove and im-
-. mense shade trees and running stream of
water close by; price In all $1750. Call- or
send for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway Station, Oakland; carriage free.
•¦" H. Z. JONES, Owner.
300 ACRES, three miles from Oakland, $75
au acre; two-thirds of purchase price can be
borrowed on the land at 6 per cent Interest.
GILBERT WYMAN. attorney at law, office
and residence. Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth, Fruitvale, Cal.: phone Brook 123.
$1200 — 6-ROOM house; improved street: cement
walks; inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local station; $100 cash, remainder of pur-
chase price same as rent, $15 per month.
WYMAN LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth St.,
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
$250 CASH, balance $33 per month, 120 pay-
ments, pays for. in full a new 8-room house;
10 minutes' walk to local: send for "Homes."
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland, or
630 Market st.. S. F. - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
$1400 — 6-ROOM near City Hall; lot 50x100; call
early. BUNCE, 952 Broadway. Oakland.
S. P. MEADS, Oakland real estate. 1223
Broadway, near Fifteenth st.
OAKLAND HOPSEKEEFIXGROOMS.
C NICE large rooms, newly papered, for house-
keeping; modern conveniences; parlor floor.
Apply 1422 13th ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
BCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland. ¦
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.'
APARTMENTS for housekpg; handsome sunny
suites^ all modern Improvements; gas, bath,
reception rm. ; nr. park and school; rent rea-
sonable. St. James, McAllister and Laguna.
ASH ave.. 88. near City Hall— 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms; rent $11; suitable two men.
CASTRO, 429, nr. 17th — 2 private furn. hskpg.;
private entrance; lawn: cheap; no children.
FIFTEENTH, 1792, near Guerrero— 2 furnished
sunny rooms; bath, telephone, etc. -'- r-^r'v
FRANKLIN, 428, cor. Fulton— 3 or 3 nloe fur-
nished housekeeping rooms. ';"'-
GOLDEN Gate ave.. 126 — Nicely furnished sbn.
ny room; grate; kitchen; gas stove; water.
GROVE, 860— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
rent $12., ¦ • ; , . \ • -.
HOWARD, 823— Large sunny room for house-
keeping. . :
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny front connecting
completely furnished housekeeping rooms...
HYDE, .40S— Sunny basement : suite, yard,
laundry. $14; also large room, $10. ¦. . ¦
JONES 614— Modern back parlor with kitchen
: complete, for housekeeping. $17; sunny sin-
gle. , room. s.5. .. . . , , ; = ¦ ;.. . , . . ;
larkin, 804— Large runny, front suite, n«atly
.furnished, |11; single eunny room,' ?4."
nOOMS FOR HOIISBKEBPIJrGU- Cow.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms, 75c and $1 week.
MISSION, 766, near Fourth — Furnished rooms
„ for housekeeping: single or en suite.
MOSS, 36 off Howard, nr. 7th — 3 connecting
furn. rms. ; housekeeping; separate entrance.
OAK,- 119—1 sunny basement room; furnished
for housekeeping; $0; small room, $3.
OCTAVIA, 32. cor. Haight— 4$ nice furnished
rooms; suitable for housekeeping; also front
and back parlors; suitable for doctor or
j Cf ntist. ' «
OCTAVIA,' 1403, corner Geary— Sunny fur-
! nished bay window; gas stove; complete for
> housekeeping. ' ' '
! I'OLK, 1043 — Two nicely furnished large front
'¦ rooms, housekeeping ; rent $15.
' POST, 1018 — Sunny suite of 2 or 3 rooms; also
¦ sir—Ie. , ' ;
I RAUSCH, S5, near Folsom, bet. Seventh and
Eighth — Housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER, 823B — Clean, completely furnished
suites; coal and gas ranges; comfortable;
moderate. •
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms, $12; no children.
TURK, 130 — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping:; connecting; cheap.
Virginia, 1005 Powell~2sunnyfront housekeeping
rooms, newly furnished: gas range; baths ;$20.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd Untorn;
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward: rates
by v/eek or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; .open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727 — Sunny furnished room for a'gentle-
'man; gas; bath; reasonable.
CHATTANOOGA, 10(5. between Doiores and
Church — Rooms for light housekeeping.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH, 329 Powell, cor. Geary — Location
most central; large well-furnished suites and
single front rooms as offices; modern Im-
provements; electric light, etc. N
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
:j5e, $1 50 night; $1 50, $C wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 418, The Plerpont — Beautifully furn-
ished suite; private bath; sun all day; $35. -
ELLIS, OSS, cor. Larkin 1 — Furn. sunny bay-win-
dow; mantel, fold, bed; with or without hkpg.
FILLMORE, 2o20— Large sunny furnished
room.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny rooms with closet and
bath; $1 per week.
FOURTEENTH, CCS. off Market— Neatly fur-
nished front hallroom.
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th an<j Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single ;elevat.
HAYES. C71 — Nice single room; with or wlth-
out board; terms reasonable; private family.
HYDE, 1514 — Sunny furnished room suitable
for gentleman; references required.
KEARNY. 34, and 4T Post — Office or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARKET, lf>27Vi — Nice large sunny front
room, furnished.
MARKET, 2006 — Nice' sunny furnished .room;
gentleman only; no other roomers.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 6C7, corner 8:h — Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 959 — New house; elegantly furnished
rooms, single or en suite; everything new.
NATOMA, 435 — 1 sunny front room, nicely
furnished; to let; suitable for two gentle-
men; In private family.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely fur- \
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
. offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 326— Sunny furnished rooms,
with all modern con. ; prices mod. ; private.
O'FARRELL, 1315 — 2 parlors and kitchen, un-
furn. ; prlv. residence; bath; phone Scott 858.
POST, S21, near- Lea venworth— Elegant unfur-
nished or furnished rooms and housekeep-
ing rooms.
POST, 940, near Larkin — A large sunny bay-
window front room, piano, gas" grate; other
rooms; all newly furnished; new flat.
POST, 975 — Very nicely furnished double room,
bath and phone.
POWELL. 131, near Baldwin lot— Room to
rent. '
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SECOND. 108. upstairs — One front room with a
fireplace, suitable for 2; rent $10; no one who
drinks need apply. ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; bath; phone.
SUTTER. 823B -Clean, sunny, newly furnished
rooms, single or en suite; rent moderate.
SUTTER, 1003— Sunny well furnished rooms,
en suite or single, for gentlemen.
TURK, 545 — 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, $17; also single sunny room, $7; gas,
bath, phone.
VALENCIA. 1122. near Twenty-second— Beau-
tiful sunny front room, grate, new flat; board
for two; reasonable. .
Yerba Buena. 26%. nr. Taylor & Sacramento —
Fur. & unfur. rm.; nice location; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been esteablished at 1006
Valencia st. . . '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
GUESTS wanted at House-on-the-Hill: high,
healthy living; 40-acre flower farm; magnifi-
cent view; superb climate; ideal place for
rest and comfort. Upper Fruitvale, Dlmond,
CaL >
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights: hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CROCKER, The, 915 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin, and suites: ground and tennis crt.
EDDY, C26, The Irvingdale — Sunny suites:
large double and single rooms from $22 TO up/
JOHNSON, The. 005 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
NKJELY furnished rooms; modern lmprove-
ments; board: no sign. 817 Geary st.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table: popular rates.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — In Western Addition, near Park
preferred, fine sunny suite, also single room
with good board, by married lady with two
grown children; references. Box 3612, Call.
YOUNG man, age 21, desires room and board
in strictly private family; best of references
Box 8277, ' Call office.
YOUNG lady, employed, wants board and rm~
private family; $3 50 week. Box 8241, Call.'
YOUNG lady, ' employed, wishes room & board-
private family; references. Box 3279, Call.
LADY with a child wants room and board In
private family by March 1. Box 3208. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 3 to 5 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping-rooms; north of Market; ten min-
utes' walk to Call bldg.; by married couple -
state terms. Box 8262. Call office.
WANTED— By young lady, furnished room
near town. Box 3618. Call. '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co room
- 16, second floor, Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. February 4, 1902.— Dividend No. 197,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Co. will be payable
at the office of said- company, room 16, sec-
ond ¦ floor. Mills building, on February 15
1902. Transfer books will dose on February
9, 1 1902, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. • 38.' of seventy-
five cents (75c) per 'share on the Issued capi-
. tal stock of the company has bee*n declared
payable at office of company, rooms 202 204
.206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on Febru-
ary 10, 1002. Transfer. books close Feb. 3,
' 1902. at noon; A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.-
1 REAL ESTATE CITY— FOB 8AL53.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills building.
SNAP
BARGAIN. V
Gheapest Downtown Property In the City.
$20.000 — Modern 3-story building of 25 rooms.
3 blocks from Market and Powell sts.;
bank appraisement ?34,7!50; mortgage
of $15,500 or more If desired can re-
main at 0 per cent; lot 25x137 :U feet;
safest Investment on the market to-
day, as the lot alone will be worth
within the next 3 years more than the
entire asking price lor the property.
POST ST.. CLOSE 'TO KEARNY.
$17,000 — 3-story building, consisting of 2 stores
and '2 upper floors, producing a large
Income; on wide lot; opportunities to
secure choice downtown pruperties of
this class are rare.
RENTS $1206.
$10,500 — Pays 12 per cent; 3 new and hand-
some Western Addition flats of 7
rooms and bath each; light and sunny
rooms; bituminized street; cars pass.
HBXTS $1165.
$10,000 — Pays 12 per cent; new elegant modern
flats.; choicest, portion of the Western
Addition; handsome and attractive in
appearance; Ellis-gt. cars; pays net
Income of over 3 times bank interest.
RENTS $578.
*4, 000— Pays 15 per cent; this Is a key lot to
business street south of Market, with
5 flats never Idle, on large lot; pro-
ceeds of sale to be divided among the
heirs on the 15th of February.
RENTS $312.
$2,250 — 2 cczy flats and rear house in good
condition; only half a block from tiix-
teenth-st. cais, and bltumtnized street;
forced upon the market owing to the
pressing need of money by the owner;
must be sold this week.
PROBATE SALE.
5500 cash, balance as rent — New elegant
modern residence, 5 rooms- and bath;
every modern convenience; beautuul
marine view; O'Farrell and Hyde st.
cars pass.
MONTHLY PAYMENTS— ONLY $20 MONTH
JMOU cash — New cottage. 5 rooms and
bath; porcelain tubs, tiled mantels,
etc.; fine view; 1 block Irom Misslon-
Bt. cars.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO*..
; 205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bldg.
MADISON & BURKE,
(Established January, 1858.)
wtttt ott. d ~t, KEALi KtfCATJB AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PitOPEKTY
Removed to 30 Montgomery bt., opposite Lick
House.
$30,000— Pays It per cent net; corner; busi-
ness locality; elegant new building in two
stores and 0 flats; large lot.
.<!? >000 Z7 Su , tter Bt - lnslde Polk : large lot
tvith double frontage; executor's sale; must be
cola.
Corner, near Thirteenth st., near Folsom;
oOxia; two buildings; well rented; $9000.
Central location, within 200 ft. of Market st.
oil Hermann, bet. Valencia and Mission;
only $2750; street bltumlnized.
$3000 — Rents $41 per month; 22:llxS0 < Clara
st.. near Fifth.
Market-st. gore lot. intersection of Ridley
St.. aa leet on Market; cheap buy; only $1<>,000.
Sacramento st. — Two modern flats, near Fill-
moret|lot 25x127; price ?6S00.
$9750— Grove st., near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$71' per month; lot 33x82:6.
$5500 — Flats on -Pleasant St., near Taylor;
renting for $42 per month; this property is in
good order and is always rented.
$S500 — Pacific St., near Montgomery; brick
building; rents $t>0; lot 22:11x78:6.
$5000 — San Jose ave'.", near Twenty-ninth st. ;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36xSl.
$3400 — Jones St.. near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
?3U per month; 35x62:0.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st..
near Eureka; modern, 5 room and bath; lot
25x75.
$1500— Cottage. 6 rooms; rents $12; lot 23x
114; Twenty-ninth st.. near Sanchez.
House and lot for $1250; near Point Lobos
ave.; lot 25x100; house contains 6 rooms.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave.: a choice line of lots,
(550 and $600; can sell on easy terms If de-
Elred. MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st.
WRIGHT & ELWELL,
Real Estate - and Financial Agents,
Loans. Insurance. 316 Montgomery st.
$50,000 — Splendid piece of Income property, near
Grant ave. and Market et. ; this Is
very high class.
$45,000 — A corner on Larkin St.; leased and
paying over 7 per cent net.
$36,000 — Sutter-st. investment: full depth lot;
improved and well rented.
$65,000 — Prominent corner on Sutter St.. near
Kearny; leased and pays well.
$45,000 — 50 feet frontage on N. side of Sutter
St., near Mason; full depth lot.
$20,000— Plne-st. lot.
We also have a very desirable list
of residence properties, flats and va-
cant lots for Improvements.
FOR sale cheap — 5-room cottage with all mod-
ern Improvements; lot 30x114. 345 Jersey St.,
near Castro.
$5000 — SACRIFICE; nice flats; Liberty St.:
choice location; well rented. Owner, box
3C16. Call office.
FOR sale — A bargain; new house of 5 rooms
and bath; high basement; lot 25x100. 1429
Sixteenth avenue, between K and L streets,
South San Francisco.
BARGAIN — Fine sunny cottages, 6 rooms and
all modern Improvements; high basement;
large lots; fine view; cars pass door; small
amount cash, balance like rent; Chenery and
3lEt sts.; see owner on premises. A. KLAHN.
$200 CASH — New modern 4 rooms and bath
cottage; easy terms. Utah st., near Eight-
eenth.
| $7.->O0 — FOR sale, business corner grocery with
S living rooms and stable; 9-room fiat above,
i J. P. FAIVRE. 2304 Fulton St.
! — — —^ — — — — — — — — —
' REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
VILLA SITES ~
in the heart
of the
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS,
San Mateo.
' In view of the great demand for building sites
In El Cerrito we have been Instructed by the
Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale the
choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms one-third cash, balance In one and
two years.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
etock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being the owner of an
income producing orchard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct intending buyers to the best
lands and bargains in the State; correspondence
solicited.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO — Good land cheap; one-acre lots,
5-acre lots; city blocks at acre prices; In
Redwood City, 3 minutes' walk from new de-
pot and Courthouse* rich, " deep soil ; great
oaks; improved avenue; prettiest offering on
peninsula: double track; all trains stop; best
property for least money; don't wait; come,
see us. WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY, 634 Market st., and San Jose.
FOR sale — In small tracts, 451 acres good
wheat land, at $30 per acre; near Paso Ro-
bles, San Luis Obispo County.
Also, &60 acres of grazing land at $2 per
acre; near Jolon, Monterey County.
M, TAYLOR, Mills bldg., 9th floor, r. 15."
COUNTRY HOMES. ~ ~
Send for our new catalogue of country
homes, fruit, grape, stock or chicken ranches;
In the banner county of Calif cm la; no irriga-
tion; no failure of crops for the last 50 years.
W. D. REYNOLDS, 220 Hlnton ave., Santa
Rosa, Cal.
VINES — Will make you more money than any-
thing you can plant nowadays; wine grapes
are higher each year. Let us plant you 10
acres; you can pay $20 monthly and gain a
competence In 3 years; planting now; save a
year. Particulars of MARK LANE, G34 Mar-
ket st.
$600 — A SNAP; 80 acres In Amador Co.. 2 miles
from town; 30 acres alfalfa land: abundance
of water; 10 acres in orchard; house, barn
fencing; $1000 worth of wood. C. F. MOORE
935 Market St., room 6. "
2S0 ACRES unimproved land, TuolumneCo.: also
160 acres, Mariposa Co.; plenty wood and
water; road crosses both places; cheap, cash
Particulars box 3629. Call office.
WE have several fine fruit ranches to exchange
for city or Oakland property. HEALY &
CARR. 6 Eddy st.. S. F.
FOR sale— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; barns
and sheds on lot 100x150; cash price $1450
Address M. KRAFRE. Homestead. San Mateo!
A SMALL. dairy ranch In Berkeley; good-pay-
ing route. For full particulars call or ad-
dress 425 Sutter St., Ban Francisco.
E. N. EMMONS & BON have moved from U
Montgomery st. to room 4. 10th floor. Mills
b'.dg. Country real estate a specialty. We
want more property and reliable correspond-
ents- In all parts of California. E. N. EM-
MONS & SON, room i, loth floor, Mills bldg.
Wedding' Invitations, $2.50.
Inside and Outside Envelopes, finest stock.
Odell Print Co., 73 Fourth. Tel Black 1807. •
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The followlns marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: • •
William C Pldge. 25, 2221 /Polk street, and
Mary E. p'Reilly, 23, 933 Post street,
Elbridge L. Hathaway, 24, Vallejo, and
Mamie Cleary, 20. Vallejo.
Thomas Flowerday, 28, 1525 Powell street,
and Mary Ryan. IS. 101 Greenwich street.
Peter Pedrotti. 2S. Duncans Mills, and Eva
Pedrotti, 22, Duncans Milis.
William B. Fowler. 35. 401 Mission street,
and Alice Hayes. 21, 21 Ninth street.
John Cervo. 23, 326 Chestnut street, and
Delida M. Cavagnaro, IS. 53S Filbert street.
Herbert E. Copp. 35. 132 Beulah street, and
Margaret A. Collins, 20. bO7 Ellis street.
William R. Stone, 21. 122 Turk street, and
EHon H. Jacoby. IS. 122 Turk street.
A. Madison. 30. city, and Nellie
Burns. 29. Washington.
Strodey J. Battin. 22. 109 Welsh street, and
Elrnyra Locke, 13, 418 Seventh street.
Aloystus N. Schweitzer. 28, 77 Waller street,
an <l Cora S. Stubbe. 22, 1711 Market street.
Nils Holmbers, 31, city, and Anna M. Ling-
vist, 25, city.
William G. Smith. 20, 3316 Twenty-sixth
street, and Amanda L. Grainger. 13. 3310
Twenty-sixth street
James F. Grace, 25. Los Angeles, and Stella
McElroy, 28. Healdsburz.
Jacob Weinbersr, 23. 528 Eighth street, and
Sara Rosenberg, 21, 311 Eighth street.
John Presley, 25, 3669 Twenty-th..rd street,
and Mary A. Donnelly. 24. 32S Hickory avenue.
Charles G. Anderson. 32. city, and Anna M.
Hultberr. 2S. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES—DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
J n at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOHIL ,
BARRY— In Vallejo. February 8, 1002, to the
wife of Michael Barry, a son.
BURT— In this city, January 29. 1002, to the
wife .of Thomas N. Burt. a son.
C 9? 13N r In thls clt y. January 25. 1902. to
the wife of Aaron Cohen, a son.
HOLLAND— In this city. January 27, 1902, to
the vlfe of H. G. Holland, a daughter.
LUHRS— In this city, February 2, 1902. to the
wifa of Charles Luhrs, a daughter.
M ?? EK 77 In , thls clty - January 29, 1002, to
the wife of S. McKee, a daughter.
M «^ i^ O^ D^7 Ifl South S * n Francisco. Janu-
f^A M ' 1902 ' t0 the wlfe ot Frederick Meln-
hoid, a son.
M ?h ULI^~ In h!s city - February P. . 1902. to
the wife of Gabriel Moulin, a daughter.
MURPHY-ln this city. January 2U. 1002. to
™£!L oi Jereml an L- Murphy, a daughter.
NUT'TALL-Iathis city. February 3. 1902. to
the wlfa of William Nuttall. a daughter.
wfJ"7JV>, h! ", cU £* Janua nr 29. UK)2. to the
wife cf Charles S. West, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HORSTMANN— POHLKER— In this city. Feb-
ruary 5, 1902.- by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Henry William Horstmann and Louise Pohl-
1^- 10 thls c "y- February 7.
1902, by the Rev. M. D. Buck. DD., Jamea
Byron Wyman of San Francisco and Ada
Plver of Sea View. Cal.
DIED.
Becker. Albert Israel. Fannie
Berier. De Witt C. Jacobs. Eva
Bloch. George Jansen. G*o. A. F.
Bonner. Edna C. Jewett. Philo D.
Bramson. Arry H. Judd. Wllhelmina
Carpenter. Mary L. Loftus. Mary
Cogswell, Caroline E. Lonergan. George M.
Coops. Henry \V. McCann, Mary A.
Coughlan. Daniel McCarty. Delia
Cronin. Margaret A. Monaghan. Patrick
Donahue, James O'Malley. Charles
Duncan, James Pennlman. Nancy
Dunnigan, David Plunkett. Hannah
Flatley. Louis F. Pust. Mrs. Anna E.
Franks, George M. Ryan, Edward
French. Hayes C. Saunders. Walton
Garslde. Catherine Schumacher. Emma
Glenn. Walter M. Shemanskl. Marcus
Graham. Julia Shula. Annie
Guntern. Mathilda Stafford. William
Harvey. Mary L. Sylvis. Nicholas H.
Hennlr. Katie Thrift. Henry
Hlxon. Walter D. Wilds. Horncy M.
•imelli. Max Wyman, John F.
BECKER— In this city. February 6. 1902, Al-
bert Becker, dearly beloved son of August
and Augusta Becker, and beloved brother of
Augusta Becker, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 5 days.
* CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunrlay), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1393 Harrison street, corner
Tenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by. electric funeral car from Tenth and Har-
rison streets.
BERIER — In San Anselmo, February S. 1902.
De Witt Clement, beloved son ot. Frank E.
and Louise Berier, aged 1 year and 3 months.
ULOCH — In Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Feb-
ruary 6. 1902, George Bloch. beloved husband
of Rosine Bloch, and father of Mrs. J. A.
Cowen and George and Albert' Bloch, a na-
tive of France/ aged 72 years 9 months and
14 days. Remains will arrive at 8 o'clock
p. m. Saturday.
L^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 9, 1902. at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Du-
mont. 1309 Powell street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BONNER— In this city. February 7. 1902.
Edna Claflin, daughter of John H. Bonner of
Cedarville, Cal., only daughter of Mrs. Eme-
.line C. Cole of San Francisco, and sister of
Ernest C. Bonner of Alturas. Cal., a nativ
of California, aged 24 years 7 months and 6
days. (New York and Chicago papers please
copy.)
C7 1 Funeral Sunday, February 9, at 2*30
o'clock, from 1926 Vallejo street. Interment
private.
BRAMSON— In this city. February 8, 1902
Arry H., beloved husband of the late Ellen
Mary Bramson. father of Benjamin F
Bramson, and stepfather of Mary Glbney a
native of Hamburg, Germany.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
February 10. 1902. at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co., 15*>4
Stockton street, thence by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets for Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. -
CARPENTER— In Petaluma. CaL, February
1, 1002. Mary L.. beloved wife of S BTCa£
?.*",^f r " ™ other of Fay, Harold. Leslie and
William Caroenter, and sister of Miss Mar-
garet Monohan, a native of Virginia Citv
New, aged 36 years. . *'
COGSWELL— In tbls city. February 6. 190*
Caroline E.. widow of the late Henry to
Cogswell, a native of Connecticut, axed 79
years 11 months and 13 days.
ICTServicts and incineration at Odd Fel
lows' Crematory Sunday, at 11 o'clock.
C 9S. p .?~^ n thls clt y> February 6, 1902 Henry
William Coods. beloved son of Mrs Anna
Coops, and brother of Mary Cooes, a nttlve
25 days?° Se> ' &eed " Tears * momn a °^
,« B^l Tb " e funera l will take place to-dav
(Sunday) at 11 o'clock, from the parlors o^
H. P. Petersen. 22S McAllister street. In-
terment private.
CRONIN— In this city. February 7. 19C» Mar-
garet A., wife of the late James Cronin. and
mother of Mary J. and Peter F. McArdle and
Marraret A. and Julia Cronin. a native of
0°da s Armash ' Ireland . aged 40 years and
funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11-30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets*
COUGHLAN— In this city, February 7 IDC"
Daniel Coughlan, a native of Ireland", aged
67 years 8 months and 3O days «««sv»
JET The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlora
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue
thence to St. Peter's Church for services
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holv
Cross Cemetery. " ¦ ""•*
DONAHUE — In this city. February S 10O->
James, beloved husband of Annie Donahue"
and father of James Donahue, Mrs S T
Nichols, Mrs. W. Nolan and the late Anni»
and Joseph Donahue, a native 'of Count v
Donegal, Ireland, aged 81 years 0UI »ty
ETFrlends and acquaintances are resruw
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-moww
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late VST
dence, t 312 Lily avenue, between Oak "nd
Page; Laguna and Buchanan streets thon^.
to Sacred Heart Church, where aVemfi"
high mass. will be celebrated for the r^S
e'ro^^me^ 9 : 300 ' 01^
1 ?. Telo^d^bTn'd
of Annie Duncan, and father of Mrs wn
liam Brand and James B.. William p - i
Mary L. Duncan, a native of &indeeSco. d
land, aged 69 years 6 months and 21 fayl"
A. member of Clan Macdonald No!to of Oak
land and I. A. of M.. No. 68 wait-
CTFrlends and acquaintances are resn««t
fully Invited to attend the funeral IIV5Z
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock at hV\j*
home. 767 Brush street. Services unH?, fi! e
direction of Clan MacdonaM No to" %
clansmen are requested to attend'
DUNNIGAN— In this city. Februiirir - i«*v>
David, dearly beloved husband^ oT the U^e
Mary Dunnlgan, and father of Mm t u
Vivian. Mra. E. J. McDonald and hL H .
and John D. Dunnigan. aM| T ' O fS
Kerry. Ireland, aged 67 years. County
ETFrlends and acquaintances are i-Mn.~«
fully Invited to attend the Tfur^ral ffS«
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock. froinhiViLt^?! 7
dence. 652 Folsom street thence o St. BrVn-
dan'a Church, Fremont and Harrison «»«.•?«
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery/, 8treets -
FLATLEY— In this city, at Ocean View tt.k
ruary 7. 1902. Louis . Francis, beloved Tson of
¦ George T. and Catherine Flatley, brother of
James. George and Isabell Klatley and
* grandson or Mrs. J. Clancy and the Uta
- James Clancy, a native of San Francisco
aged 4 years 8 months and U days
: E7The funeral will • take pfa£ , to^y
HEAl, WgTATB CITY yoIt ' »AUB.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Monteomery Street.
LOOK AT THESE FINE LOTS.
$2,500 only— Larkin tj.. east side, near Pa-
cific ave.: 25xS7:« each; street ac-
cepted; lots on srade.
$5.500 — North Sacramento: key lot; east of
Larkin; 23:8x137:0, to an alley; good
house of 6 ro..ms and bath; room for
:t flats In front; a bargain.
$C,500 — Clay 6t., near Spruce, Presidio
Heights; fine house of 10 rooma;
baths; can be made Into 2 fiats at
email expanse.
$11,000 — Valencia st., bet. Sixteenth and Sev-
enteenth; best business block on the
street; 05x87:6; cott $20,000; a bar-
gain.
$3,500 — Buchanan st., near Clay: fine residence
o£ 10 rooms; late modern Improve-
ments; cream location.
SG.500 — Rents $720 per annum; SIxth-st. busl- v
nese property; 3-story bay-wind'.*.v
house; store and 2 flats, in good con-
dition; building alcne cost $7600.
(50,000 — lients $5000 per annum; elegant new
building, Just completed; Inside of
Hyde st.: lot 40x127 :«.
53.5OO— Large lot, 70x130, with stable; suitable
for contractors; near Eighteenth and
Dolores sts.
$2.750— Cor. D and Thirty-seventh ave.. front-
Ing Park; nine lots; a snap.
$1,750 — Make offer: corner of Lake st. aad
Twentieth ave.: nice marine view;
. r .7:0xloo. or will subdivide.
$500 each — Two lots 25x120 each: Twenty-
first ave.. north of Lake ec; marine
view; $50 cash, balance on Install-
ments.
51.000— Point Lobes ave.. near Twentieth;
25^100 each.
$C,SOO — Rent $720 per annum; elegant 3-story
bay-window building, store and 2
Hats; Sixth-*t. business property;
5 house alone cost $7000.
,- $2.900— Rent $34; 3 flats; Shipley et, near
Fourth; a snap.
$5,600 — Rent $520 per anaum; 2 flats on tJ.ish
Bt., near Webster.
$7.SO0 — Elegant residence. N. side California
et.. near Buchanan; 27:6x132:6; —
rooms and bath.
$4,100— Fillmore, near Eddy: 27:6x100; can
give 3 lots at same price.
$5.000 — Scott, near Hayes: handsome cottage,
7. rooms, porcelain bath: sanitary
plumbinz-
$4,500 — Two nice fiats on 19th st.. near Guer-
rero; 5 rooms end bath each.
$8,000— »th-st. corner; -0x100.
$8.500— Mission, near Id; 50x125 and large
house of 10 rooms.
$75 per foot: Mission, near Army; lots any
dze.
$1,250 — Corner of 22d and Church; 27x75;
etreet accepted: a bargain.
$0,000—22^ near Church; nice lot, 25x52;
street accepted.
$LOO0 — NW. corner Church and Jersey: 30x75;
a bargain.
$6,500 — Fell, near Buchanan: 27:6x120 to rear
etreet: 2 flcts and house; rents $55.
$0,000— <Sough, near Pine; 27:6x110; nice
house of 10 rooms and bath; choice lo-
cation.
$6,500 — Rents $55; Eddy, near Buchanan:
25:10x120 to rear street; 2 flats and
cottage.
MeAFEE BROS.. 10S MONTGOMERT ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
STOCKTON STREET.
Brick and frame building; lot 25x125 feet; ,
rented for $57 60; price $6250; quick Bale de-
eired.
A SNAP.
2 cozy flats on Vallejo st., near Hyde; 3 and
4 rooms; in good condition; street work -accept-
ed; level block; only $2250.
CHEAP LOT
On 17th st., near Diamond; bltumlnized; price
$1500; no reasonable offer refused.
TWENTY-FIFTH AND LAKE.
75x120; corner; marine view; price $1500;
offer, wanted.
Pays 6 per cent net; modern fine brick build-
ing, near Market St.; lot 60x137:6; rents can
be raised when tenant's lease expires; price
$120,000; a fine investment: quick sale wanted. I
DEVISADERO STREET.
Business property; two stores and flats above;
rents $112: lot 50x100: price $17,600.
WALLER-STREET HOME.
Near Scott st.; two-story «.nd basement; T
rooms and bath: lot 30x100; price $5250.
MCALLISTER STREET.
Lot on McAllister st.. near Devisadero; 27:6
xl37:6; price $3250; fine for flats.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Lot with old building on Shipley st., near
Fifth; only $1450.
ON VALLEJO STREET.
Vallejo St., between Webster and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new; 9 rooms t
bath and basement: commands a beautiful ma-
rine view; price $13,500.
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott St.. between McAllister and
Tulton; 25x106:3; price $2750.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond lots; sold' on
terms If desired. Lot on California Et., near
Second ave.. 25x100; only $800.-
MODERN HOUSE.
Near the new Chutes, on Eighth ave.; lot
«:2xl20; price $1000.
VALLEJO-6TREET LOT.
On Vallejo Bt.. near Baker; marine view; lot
69:10x137:6; a bargain; price only $3500.
VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth st.. between Church
and Sanchez; eunny eide; 25x114 each; only
$SO0 each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
House of 10 rooms; on Green st., near Octa-
via; lot 26x137:6; rented for $35 monthly; price
HSOOL
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 4 and 5 rooms; on Twenty-first
St.; lot 25x100; rents $28: price $3300.
CAPP STREET,
Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; lot 30x122:6; price $4000; offer
wasted.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots. McAFEE BROS..
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
Rents Collected 219 Montgomery et.
RESIDENCES.
$7,500 — Western Addition residence, 10 rooms;
all up to date appointments; built for
owner's use; sold on account of de-
parture.
55,000 — Beautiful modern home; Jackson st.,
near Broderick; large lot; 9 rooms,
bath, furnace; every convenience.
J 12,500 — Washington st., near Van Ness; fine
residence, 12 rooms, 2 baths, all sun-
ny; key lot; reduced from $10,000 to
cell at once; large lot; a bargain.
$5,500 — Seventh-st. bargain; 2 houses, 7 roams j
and bath each; rents $540; large lot; 1
good sterling investment. i
$5,750— Eighth et., near Howard; grand N.W.
. corner; full sized lot, and improve-
ments always rented.
$15,000 — CFarrell-st. investment; near Mar-
- ket; lot 2GxS4. and buildings all well
rented; $20,000 mortgage 6 per cent.
$1,600— Cheap lot; Presidio Heights; Sacra-
mento Bt.; 25x106; fine view; flats will 1
pay big.
$3,000— Clay St.; key lot, 27:6x100, near Lyon;
Choice for flats.
5-3,850 — Webster et.; tine central location; 27:6
xll2:6.
56,500— Fillmore-st. flats, near Clay; 25x00; 6
and 7 rooms and baths; always rented;
eee this.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$11,000 — Business property; Sacramento st.,
near Drumm; rent nominal; will rent well If
• improved.
$5CKK) — Flats; Harrison et.. opposite Garfleld
square; a pretty Park; modern, sunny; 5 and
6 rooms. . •
$G250 — Octavia St., near Broadway; modern
house, 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood.
$11,500 — Geary st. lm'estment, near Octavia;
large lot; Improved; rented low; $936 per an-
num; lot worth the price; choice location for
modern fiat*.
$11,000 — New flats: Broderick, near Grove; 6,
6, 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum.
$6000 — Valencla-st. investment; two houses, 7
rooms each; rents $45 per month; cheap.
$6500 — Jessie st., south side, near 4th; could
be Improved and rent well.
$."100 — Lot on south t-ide of Chestnut St., west
of Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$2400— Lot Fourth ave., near Point Lobos; 50
xl20; street sewered, macadamized; will di-
vide; make offer.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$500 — VACANT lot, 50x125, north Bide Mi-
nerva St., 100 feet east of Plymouth
ave.. Ocean View; no payment down
just $7 per month.
$R000 — Corner Grafton and Faxton aves.. Ingle-
side; beautiful modern residence of 8
rooms and bath; conservatory, stable
and other buildings; lawn, flowers and
ehrubbery; lot 100x122; small payment
. 1 down, balance monthly.
$1250—42 Circular ave., Sunnyslde; store and6-
room flat; store rented for $8 per
month; 1 block from car line; small
payment down, balance same as rent.
$650 — No. 1819 16th ave.; house, 4 rooms; $50
cash, balance same as rent.
$7500— Nos. 22S2. 22S2A. 2282B 15th St.. near
Castro; rents for $72 per month; small
payment down, balance by month.
$2000 — 3508 Mission St.; store and living
rooms; no payment down. -
$1000—22 Victoria ave., Ocean View; no pay-
ment down, $14 per month.
A. E. RUDELL,
301 California st.
$7000— PRESIDIO Heights residence. ThS
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market -st.
37:6x137:6 FOR $3250; Pacific Heights. THH
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
37:6x137:6 FOR $3250: Pacific Heights. THH
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
A— LOT 68:9x137:6; north side Golden Gate
ave., ne/ur Laguna et., for gale; $225 per front
foot. M. TAYLOR, Mills building, ninth
floor, room 15.
- $1000 CASH and $37 60 month buys new home
n«ar Golden Gate Park; send for book on
"JKoiBea," WM. P. TODD, 630 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY-— For Sale |
$8000 WILL buy a $25,000 fruit ranch at Au-
burn, Placer County, this month; elegant im-
provements; CO acres fruit in prime condition;
brings $5500 some years; see us quick. E. N.
EMMONS & SON, rm. 4. 10th floor.Mllls big.
$3S,000 WILL buy a ranch worth $O0,C0O, near
Napa, right now; don't wait. E. N. EM-
MONS & SON, room 4, }Oth floor, Mills bldg.
RANCHES— All kinds, sizes, prices: improved
and unimproved; throughout North Callfcr-
nla, especially in Sonoma, Mendocino, Lake
and Napa counties; come to see us for point-
ers: list full and complete. E. N. EMMONS
& SOX, room 4. 10th floor. Mills building.
AT PLACERVILLE— 300-acre all-purpose
ranch, close in; 45 acres choice early fruit;
cheap water plenty; larse barn; small house;
horses, . cow, wagons, tools: orchard rents
flOCO a year; new railroad will double value;
ask particulars quick: a snap to close estate:
$0000. E. N. EMMONS & SON, room 4.
ttnth floor. Mills building. .
BUY good land— 10-acre home, Santa Clara
Valley, near depot; rich, deep loam; 1000
acres being planted now to resistant vines;
$100 cash and $12 75 monthly buys 10 acres;
owners will plant and care for land If desired:
seventy sales in four months to seventy frugal
people who are building productive homes
in the sunshine 0? Santa Clara Valley: call or
send for catalogue. WOOSTER, WHITTON
6 MONTGOMERY. 634 Market st.
FOR 'SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $00 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st.. for
pamphlets and Information.
FOR »ale — Ten-acre fruit and chicken ranch;
Contra Costa County. ¦
Also lot in Berkeley; BOxlSS ft.; no agents.
Box 3207. Call office.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. KEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches all kinds; send
stamp for free list. C. R. V.'lnfleld. Petaluma.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A 14-ROOM modern residence In Oakland, near
narrow-gauge station, in first-class residence
district; large lot; value, $15,000; to trade for
San Francisco property; will pay cash differ-
ence or assume mortgage. M. TAYLOR,
Mills building, ninth floor, room 15.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
ALL on paved streets and convenient to uni-
versity.
— Good lot in good neighborhood.
$650 — Large lot, with cheap house.
$900— Very nice south front lot.
$1050 — Very nice corner lot.
$1000 — Lot 40x100; good 4-room house.
$1250 — Nice lot in nice location; east of
Shattuck, north of Haste.
$1250 — Elegant west front lot in Hillegass j
Tract.
$1500— Lot 60x130; east of Shattuck, north
of Haste.
$1800 — Nice south front lot; east of Dana.
$27S0 — Good 8-room house; nice parlors,
large dining-room.
$3500 — Very nice new S-room house.
$4000 — Elegant 9-room house; handsome
grounds.
$4750 — House of 16 good rooms; very nice
condition; a snap.
$5000 — House of 11 rooms; south side; close
in.
$4500 — New house of 14 rooms; close In.
$6000 — Elegant 9-room house; strictly
choice location; close in.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2129 Center St.
$1800 — $100 cash, bal. $15 per month; large lot;
new 5-room cottage; street work all done; 3
Ehort blocks to train and electric ears. See
some of the new 5, G and 7 room cottages \ve
are building, with all modern improvements,
, porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary tubs,
fine mantel and sideboard, gas fixtures, etc.;
7 all ready to move Into; why pay rent wheu
you can pick up snaps like these?
W. C. MORAN & CO.
SEE the Wheeler Tract before prices ratsa
March 1, 1902. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$12,500— IMPROVEMENTS cost $21,000; can
subdivide and sell off $18,000 worth of lots
and still have a grand home left, with full
bearing orchard and the grandest garden in
Berkeley, and property situated in the best
part of town. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorln
Station, and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
BERKELEY bargains for sale by
MAY & MORTIMER.
$300 — Lot 40x135; near school; street
sewered.
$050 — 10x135; half block from depot; street
macadamized. .
51050 — Corner lot. 45x120; street work deno
In front; near cars.
$3000 — Large sightly corner lot In the
Wheeler Tract, near college; street work
done. ; • -•
$3750 — Almost new 7-room house; street
work done.
$4000 — Modern home in the Scenic Park.
$5000 — New. home In Hlllegass Tract.
$5500 — Up to date mansion, south of col-
lege. *l
$10,500 — A home good enough for any one.
MAT & MORTIMER. Agents,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
SNAP — 3 large room cottage; good location;
large lot; 4 blocks to station, school, churches,
Etores and electric cars; price $S50; terms
$75 cash, balance $10 per month; this beats
paying rent. O. A. RUDOLPH, 327S Ade-
line St., open Sundays, Lorln station.
BARGAIN — 6 rooms, bath, pantry, mantel,
folding doors, high basement, brick founda-
tion, fruit trees, chicken houses and stable;
. lot 60x135: price $1750; terms $100 cash, bal-
ance $16 50 per month: In flrst-class condi-
tion. O. A. RUDOLPH. 3278 Adeline St.,
open Sundays, Lorln station.
$1250 CASH, $33 per month, pays for a $4000
home in full in 120 payments; modern house,
8 rooms and bath; DO ft. lot; 10 minutes to
local and 10 minutes to State University;
send for "Homes." WM. P. TODD, 630
Market rt., S. F.. or 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
$28 — NICE furnished cottage of 7 rooms and
stable: Berkeley. Owner, box 3615. Call.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — Furnished 5-room house, electric
light, gas, stove, piano; grand view; four
blocks from Berryman Station, Berkeley.
Address box S289. Call office. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAKE an offer on the following:
Positively must be sold this week.
Imperative instructions from the owners -
TO SELL AT ONCE.
Here, is offered a great. opportunity to procure
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE AT A
BARGAIN.
$1600 — Fine 2-story 6-room and bath; por-
celain tub: large lot."
$1650 — New 6-room and bath 2-story house;
lot 40x83.
$1900 — 7 rooms and bath; lot 40x208; a bar-
gain. • ,
$2450 — 7-room cottage; lot 60x150; near
Chestnut st.
$2500 — Elegant 6-room colonial house; lot
42x125; a snap. •
$2600 — Foreclosure; C-room and bath . cot-
tage; lot 70x125; Central ave.
$2500—8 rooms and bath; lot 85x150; to
close an estate.
$2850 — 6-room cottage; large lot; choice lo-
cation.
See the above properties this week.
LOTSl LQJSl LOTS!
In All Parts of Alameda. t
• Buy now. Purchase a Home. Secure a
bargain.
Easy terms. Homes built, rented and ex-
changed.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st., Alameda.
. Office open Sundays and evenings.-
Correspondence solicited.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
' FRUITVAIjE REAL ESTATE.
A— HOME BUILDING CO., Fruitvale ave.
$1000— House 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x112
ft.; barn; % mile from station; $100 cash, bal-
ance $12 60 per month.
$1500 — House 6 rooms and bath; 4 short
blocks from station; $200 cash, balance $18 20
per month.
$1800— House 6 rooms, bath, mantel, station-
ary tubs, high basement; 2 blocks from sta-
tion; $300 cash, balance $21 per month.
$1700— House S rooms and bath; lot 35x124;
nice stable: 1 block from car line. 4 blocks from
station; $300 cash, balance $19 60 per month.
$600— House 3 rooms; lot 60x100; good well;
$100 cash, balance $7 per month; 3 blocks
Haywards car line, "Fitzburg."
$1500 — House 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x164
ft.: $21 per month will buy this home; "Forest
Park." .
$1000— House 6 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per. month; "Allendale Tract."
HOME BUILDING CO., Fruitvale ave., south
of R.R. track. Office hours, 8 to 10 a. m. week
days; all day Sundays. . W. E. RUDELL. .
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet," cor.
1 Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc. ; ornamental grounds ; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. ; rent S35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or H.
I A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale; Station. ; -. .•;
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from ths parents'
residence, 162 Minerva, street. Ocean View.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRENCH— February 5, 1902. Hayes Clifton
French, M. D.. beloved husband of Rose M
French, and father of Vida C. and Victoria
R. French, a native of England, aged 62
years.
E7"Frien33 and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend ths funeral services
Sunday, February 9, at 2 o'clock, at Red
Men's building. 320 Post street, under the aus-
pices of Georze H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
Interment private. Remains at the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
FRANKS— In Santa Clara, February 8, 1902.
George Mortimer Franks, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.. aged 39 years and 20 days.
GARSIDE— In 'this city. February 7. 1902.
Catherine Mary, beloved wife of Joseph P.
Garslde and mother of Mrs. William R.
Hamilton. Mrs. James H. Smith. Daniel J.
Garslde. Mrs. Edward F. Fllnn and Thomas
P Kate Sadie and the late Maggie Garside.
a" native of County Meath. Ireland, aged. bO
years (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 9-30 o'clock, from her late residence. £22
Main street, thence to St. Brendan's Church. ;
where a solemn requiem bUrh mass will b»
celebrated for the reoose of her soul, com- j
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Ctomj
Cemetery.
GLENN— In this city. February 8, 1902. Wal-
ter Miles, beloved son of Walter L. and Alice
E. Glenn, and brother of Myrtle D. Glenn.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 22 days.
CTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home oi;
his parents. 336 Valley street, between San-:
chez and Noe. Interment private.
GRAHAM — In this city, Julia, beloved wife of
the late Edward B. Graham, and aunt of
Mrs. F. Backe, a native of London. England,
aged 67 years.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Monday), at 5» o'clock, from her latei
residence. 1 Latham place, thence to St..
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUNTERN— In thin city. February 7. 1902.
Mathilda Guntern. beloved wife of Adolpa
Guntern, and mother of Freda. Franz. Leont,
Frank and Mathilda Guntern. a native of
Selk-'rgen. Wallls. Schweltz. aged 33 years
. 5 months and 15 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.:
February 9, at 12 o'clock, from the parlors,
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street.
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.)
Anthony's Church. Army and Twenty-sixth
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross;
Cemetery.
HARVET— In this city. February 8. 1902.,
Mary L.. beloved wife of the late Joseph
Harvey, and mother of Joseph. Edward, j
Nellie, Walter, Blanche. Frank and the late
Irene Harvey, a native of California, asea
42 years.
KTThe funeral will take plaee to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. ,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-:
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment private In Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
HENNIG — In this city, February 7. 1903.'
Katie, beloved wife of John O. Henalg. and
mother of George A. Wettmann. Mrs. O. <
Bazelotte and Frank Glltner. a native of^
Hessen-Darmstadt. Germany. A member ot
Norddeutscher Frauen Vereln. Deutscher;
Frauen Untersrutzungs Vereln and Justice;
Circle No. 104. C. O. F.
[ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 11. 1902. at 9 o'clock, from her
late residence. 2522 Chestnut street, near
Baker, and thence to St. Paul's German M.
E. Church, Broadway, between Stockton and
Powell streets, where services will be held
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
MEMBERS of Justice Circle No. 104. a O. 7.,
will attend the funeral of our late companion.
Mrs. Henni*. from her late residence. 2322
Chestnut street. Monday, at 10 o'clock.
MRS. J. LOPEZ. C. C
MRS. P. J. LANGENBACH. Fin. Sec
HIXON— In this city. February 7. 1902. Wal-
ter D. Hixon. a native of Nevada, axed 40
years. *
IMELLI— In this city. February 8. 1802. Max
Imelli, a native of Aachen-am-Rheln. Ger-
many, aged 59 years and 10 months. A
member of the Vereln Elntracht.
ISRAEL— In this city. February S, 1902. of
diphtheria. Fannie, dearly beloved daughter
of Jonas and Rosa Israel, and beloved sister
of Bertha. Manuel. Josephine and Eanford
Israel, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 10 months and 6 days.
JACOBS— In this city, February 8. 1902. Eva.
beloved Infant daughter of Saul and Bella
Jacobs, and sister of Pearl Jacobs, a na-
tive of San Francisco, axed 1 month and 1
day.
JEWETT— In this city, February 8. 1902.
Philo D.. beloved husband of Jeanie D.
. Jewett. and father of Mrs. E. W. Burr and
Lathrcp W.. Helen K.. Hugh S. and Phelpa
D. Jewett. a native, of Wey bridge. Vt., aged
64 years S months and 5 days.
E7Frlends an j acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodfre No. 1,
F. and A. M. Interment private. -
JANSEN— In Alameda. February T. 1902,
George A. F. Jansen, beloved father of Mrs.
Charles Dlttmar and Lillie, Mamie. George
M. and Robert P. Jansen. a native of Hano-
ver. Germany, aged 74 years.
in7Funeral services will take place Mon-
day, February 10, at 9:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 2156 San Antonio avenue,
Alameda, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will b*
celebrated for the reoose of hts soul, be-
ginning at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly
private.
JUDD— In this city. February 8. 1902. W1I-
helmina Judd, beloved wife of the late R.
Oscar Judd, and mother of R. Oscar. Ed-
ward D.. Jennie and Alvin W. Judd and
Mrs. J. Gaestel and Mrs. Louis Martin, a
native of Germany, aged 67 years 8 months
and 23 days.
K7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOFTUS— In this city. February «. 1902,
Mary, wife of John Loftus. and mother oi
George Marshall and the late Samuel and
Mary Ellen Marshall, a native of Kings
County. Ireland, aged 62 years.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
• (Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1621 Dolores street, between Twen-
ty-ninth .and Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services at 12 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. A requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at the above church Tuesday. February i
11. at 9 o'clock.
LONERGAN — In this city, February T. 1902,
Gcoige M. Lonerran. beloved father of Ed-
ward George. Pierce Tobtn, Mary Margaret j
and Joseph John Lonergan, a native of North ;
Adams, Mass., aged 45 years 11 months and 1
22 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose ot his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 35. T. M. I. — Mem-
bers are urgently requested to assemble at
the undertaking parlors of Carew & English.
at 9 o'clock on Monday to attend the funeral
of our esteemed brother. George M. Loner-
gan. J. B. QUEEN. President.
C. L. EBNER. Secretary- '
I McCANN— In this city, February 8. 1902, Mary
I A., beloved daughter of James and Alice Mc-
Cann, and sister of James R. McCann. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 22 years 1 month
and 7 days.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thencs to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
UcCAKTT — In Mountain View. February S.
1002. Delia McCarty. wife of the late Luke
McCarty. and mother of Thomas. John and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
<Successor to Flannagan A 1 Gallagher.)
r>A>TIEL. P DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM™.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
eAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
3. HENDERSON. Maaartr.
{UNITED UNDERTAKERS*
27 «r»i 29 Fifth St. Tel.South m 1
rOOTRAL DIMCTORS AND > EMBAZM2X3.I
Finest Equip"** 1 ** »t M | Sl* r * t * K****- 1
JAM5S McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy it., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
NEW FIHM UP UNDERTAKERS. . I
Samuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 15
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C O'Con-
nor It Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between StvenU
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
" REMOVED! ¦
McGinn dros..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 228 McAllister st. (For-
marly of »1 EddT st. TM. South 252- > jSTOCK MARKET.
FIRST HOME-AND-HOME MATCH.
• VICTORIA, B. C. , Feb. 8.-A ' dispatch
from Dawson to Mayor Hayward'of this
city, announces that Harry. C. McAuley,
formerly of Victoria, was . elected first
Mayor of Dawson yesterday. He was a
native of Lindsay, Ont.
First Mayor of Dawson.
Obscene Eook Seized.
The customs authorities have seized a
set of books consigned through the mails
to W. D. Clau^sen of this city and have
reported to the Secretary of the Treasury
that the books are vulgar and obscene,
without a redeeming feature of wit, I hu
mor or graceful rhetoric.- The works "were
printed In Derby, England. They will *e
destroyed. '
. Violins— Miss Grace Muller, . Mrs. Herbert
Robinson, .Howard . Green, :Mis3 Ethel Grant
Sydney Dannenbaum,; Herman Stettin; 'cello —
Miss • Carroll ¦- Wollnar; s. flute — Ernest : Kopke;
cornet — Fred J. -Roster, -Miss Elizabeth- H.
Dundon ; piano— Mrs. F. J. Koster.
The Beta; Sigma Dramatic Club and'Or
chestra: rendered , an 5 excellent programme
last; evening, at Sherman-Clay Hall.". :The
orchestra is composed of the following
named::-" '¦>-¦"' ¦ '„. ¦ ' -'v : J -.' : - ; . •;•"'. ,• ¦
Beta : Sigma Club,, Entertains.
Selections, orchestra; remarks, John J.
O'Gara; monologue, W. W. Brackett; vocal
eolo, Mies Julia White; tenor eolo, John P.
Denehy; vocal duet, Mise Marie Schmltz and
Harry Dowdali: coon specialty. Elton I^ambert;
Gaelic fonge, Jeremiah £>easy; tenor solo, F.
A. Grifnns; Jig and reel dances, O'Connor and
Kelleher; one-act farce presented by Messrs.
McConnick, Gilson and Shaw.
Following is the programme
Joseph Fanning, Edward Roonan. R. S.
Sheptton, J. J. Roonan. R. Coughlin. John Cur
rln. John O'Gara. P. B. Mahoney. John
Mitchell, M. J. Callonan. J. A. Kennedy. J. P.
Monahan, John O'NelL M. O'Mahoney and M.
& C. McDonaJd. V
Division No. 17 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians gave their second annual en
tertainment at the Mission Opera . Hall,
2131 Mission street, last night The hall
was handsomely decorated for the occa
sion and the attendance was. above the
average, notwithstanding the rain. The
following named had charge of the enter
tainment:
Hibernians Give Entertainment.
The course was heavy and muddy from
the continued rain and In some places
pools of "casual water" stood on It
: George Stevenson of 366& Natoma street
died at the City and County Hospital ye^ :
terday morning, and Thomas Grogan may
have a charge of murder booked against
him. It will all depend upon the result of
the Coroner's inauest.
Grogan and Stevenson had a fight In
Morton's stables, Geary and Leavenworth
streets, on January 18, because Stevenson
accused Grogan of trying to get his place.
Stevenson • was • taken : to : the ' Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that he had
three ribs broken and was otherwise in
jured. He stated that he had received
his .Injuries by. falling from • a , Mission
street car.- - . ;¦• ';-. ;\' ¦".. ..¦¦.:: -.".-•;.„
¦-¦ Stevenson was - taken to the . City and
County Hospital on . January - 29, and
made a statement that Grogan had struck
him^wlth a* pitchfork, r When the police
learned a few days ago .that Stevenson
was in a critical condition Grogan was
arrested and detained pending the result
of Stevenson's injuries. : Grogan denies
that^ he used anything but. his fists on
Stevenson and says he must •> have met
with an accident later. . "¦ ,•*. . . ¦••>¦
juries at thV City and County-
Hospital. ' . , ;
George Stevenson Dies From His In-
GBOGAN MAY HAVE TO
ANSWER. FOR MURDER
s At the age of 45 years, a stalwart man,
of apparently strong constitution, has
passed away, and a wide circle of warm
friends mourns the loss of George M. lion
ergan. The cause of death was pneumo
nia.
For twenty-seven years Mr. Lonergan
has been in business in San Francisco,
and will long be remembered for his ge
nial disposition. Despite the responsibili
ties of the large business he managed,
care nor worry did not burden hlg life.
At an early age he married, and four
children, three boys and one daughter
survive him. His wife died fourteen years
ago. He was a loving, devoted father
caring tenderly for his . little brood of
motherless children.
He found a friend indeed in the person
of Mrs. George B. Homer, with whom he
has made his home for the past fourteen
years. She reared three of Mr. Loner
?? n ' s l 5?i ldrel ] 11 ? her own - Another of
the children is being raised in the home
of Mr. Richard Sealy of Alameda,
Mr. Lonergan was a member of Iena
tian Council No. 35, Young Men's Insti
tute, and a devout member of the church
His mother, at the age of 97. still lives at
North Adams, Mass., hio birthplace,
where also reside a brother and two sis
ters. The other brothers reside in Phila
delphia, where they are engaged Jn the
brass foundry business. •
. In 1885-he became a member of the firm
of Goldberg, Bowen & Co., and for the
past ten years he has managed the Butter
street Btore of that firm. His son Pierce
who has been in the same store for some
years, will now represent his father's in
terest.
To show due respect to Mr. Lonergan
the Sutter street store will close from 9
a. m. to 12 m. Monday.
The funeral" procession will leave the
undertaking parlors, 29 Van Ness avenue
at 9:30 o'clock, and a solemn high mass
will be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathe
dral, 'Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, at 10 o'clock Monday moraine 'The
celebrant will be Vicar General the Ver^
Rev. John J. Frendergast, assisted by
Rev. . Father Dempsey and Rev. . Father
Ramra. The manager of ceremonies. will
be Rev. Father D. O. Crowley ¦
Interment will be beside his'wife in St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. • , "
George M. Lonergan.
The match was close and Interesting,
being decided by the last two couples on
the teams. The first six players on the
Oakland team scored 19 up against their
opponents, the number required to wipe
off Ean Francisco's lead of 18 on the Pre
sidio links and leave Oakland a winner, 1
up. Had the last two men in the Oak
land team been able to play "all square"
with their opponents Oakland would have
won the match. But Captain S. L. Ab
bot Jr. of San Francisco had placed L.
O. Kellogg and H. C. Golcher at the bot
tom of his team in order that they might
score against the two last men of the
Adams Point eight. His arrangement of
his team was justified by the results. The
full details are shown in the table:
The first home-and-home golf match of
the season over thirty-six holes between
teams representing the Oakland and the
San Francisco Golf clubs was concluded
yesterday on the Adams Point links, the
San Francisco eight winning 7 up.
Collins, who ¦ lives, at 132 Erie street,
says he was on his way home from work
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning and
while walking along Eleventh -street, be'
tween Bryant and Harrison, the two foot
pads called upon him to stop. The col
ored man grabbed him by the throat,
telling him not to make a noise, and the
other went through f his pockets, but
found nothing worth taking. He was
then told to go ahead and keep his mouth
shut. The robbers did not display any
weapon. Collins was able to give a good
description of them.
The police were . notified yesterday
morning by Dr. G. W. Leek, 756 Golden
Gate avenue, that his residence had been
entered by burglars between 10 and 11
o'clock Friday night and a sealskin coat,
money and jewelry to the value of about
$500 stolen. Detectives Harper and Arm
strong have been detailed on the case.
¦A- window in an alley that runs past
the house had been left partly open from
the bottom and It was a simple matter
for the burglars to crawl through the
open window, and secure. their plunder.
Joseph Collins, fireman In th© Market
street Railway's power-house at Eleventh
and, Bryant streets, reported to the po
lice yesterday that he had been held up
by two men, one being a colored man..
Golden Gate Avenue Entered
by Burglars.
Besldence of Dr. G. W.' Leek on
FIBEMAN COULDiTS HELD
UP BY TWO rOOTPADS
Visitors From Presidio
Win Home-and-Home
Match.
CITY GOLF TEAM
PROVES VICTOR
SATURDAY. Feb. 8—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.. . . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 112 112% 4s qr c (new)130 139^4
4s qr reg....H2 112^ 3s qr. coup.: 108*4109
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
i Ala A W Co — — Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Bay CPC 5s. 109 — Pac G Im 4s: 06 • 100%
j Cal-st 5s... . 116*4 —- Pk&C H 6s. 105 —
1 C C Wat 5s. — — Pk&O R- 63.117 120
Ed L&P 6s. —•¦, — -, Pwl-st R'6s.ll9K —
; Fer&C H 6s. 120 — ' Sac EGR 5s. 95 97%
Geary-st 5s. — — SF & SJV5s. — 123%
H C&S 5%s. — — Sierra Cal 6s.lO5 —
Do 5s — — S P of Ar 6s
L Ans R 5s. 121 122: (1900) 112 '- — •
LA Light 6s. — — (1910) '..... U3%114
Do gtd 6s. — i — S P of Cal 6s
Do gtd 58.10354104% ; (1905) Sr A. 100 —
L A &P 5B.101 103 : ,(1905)Sr B.109% —
Mkt-st C 6s.l25V4 — (1906) ....112- .
Do lem 5s.l21%122& -U912) 121%122
N R C 63.111% — S P Cal 1st
Do 5s ....122 — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C 5s. 108% Do stmpd.,110% —
N Cal R 5s. 112ft S P BrCal6s.l39 —
Oak Ga 8 5s. 114 — S V Wat 6s. 1U — '
Oak Trn 6s. 122 " — Do 4s 102W
Do 1st c 5s.H0 11115 Do 4s 3dm. — —
Oak "W sr 6s. — — Stkn Gas 6a. 102%
Oceanic 5s.. .101 102 %
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73VS — |Port Costa... 63% 6G
Marin Co .-,. 59 I Spring Val .. 87% 8SJ4
• -GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 44
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&RC 20 85
Mutual .....— 414 SFO&E.. 42 43*
0 G L & H. 51% — San Fran... — 6
Pac G Imp. 37 38'/i Stktn G & tl 8 •—
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 ( . ¦ .
. _ BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 • LP & A... — 169
California' ..417 ' — iMer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.114^ — jS F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl. 325. 850 I . . •
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1025 . — Sav & Loan. — 80
Humboldt .. — Security Sav.305 850
Mutual Sav.. — 100 'Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..512% — I
; . STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 .— Market ..;.._ po
Geary ' — -60 .. Presidio ... . 35 45
POWDER. -
Giant ...... 78 SO IVlgorit ..... ' 3% 4U
'. . ."SUGAR. ,
Hana ....:.. 2% — Kilauea ..... ',* 0%
Hawaiian... 3S — Makaweli ..26% 27V,'
Honokaa ...12 13 Onomea .... 23% 25 'i
Hutchinson .14 15 Paauhau ... 12 12U
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. — 160% Pac A F A. " — ' 314
Cal Fruit As 07 100 Pac C Borax.163
Cal Wine As 98 — (Par Paint... 10 —
Oceanic S Co 30% 37'/jl
' Morning . Session.
' Board — . > - ~^J ¦
150 Cal Wine Assn .................. 0SOO
5 Contra Costa Water .." ."..74 25'
; BO Contra Costa Water . . . . . . . .-.- . . . 74 00
0 Contra Costa \ Water ............ 73 75
100 Equitable Gas 3 12%
$2000 Los- Angeles Ry 5s...... .."....".121 25
S1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.'.... 122 00
3 S V Water ./ ...:............ 87 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE^
Mornlns Session.
' : ' . . Board—: ¦ . ; . '."¦ \.,l- '¦ L •¦;
300 Cala-Standard • ......... -20
1- Hanford : *....... 95 qo .
100 Home ,....• 3 90
2000 Petroleum Cerfter, b 90. 06
MINING, STOCKS.
¦ The following were the sales " on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange ' Board yester
day :
. . ; Mornins Session. ', • '¦
, 100 Justice ... ..1 ,12 700 Overman ..... n
1500 Lady , Wash . .02 200 . Potosi ....... 13
200 Ophir, s 30... 83! 400 Silver Hill ... 80
'. The following were the ' sales on the Pacific
Stock ' Exchange yesterday:: •. ' ¦¦
' .Morning. Session.
300 Belcher. ...... OS 300 Ophir ........ 83
. 200 Best & Belch 26 200 Potosi' ..... *14
100 Con C &V.127% 200 Sierra Nevada 15
. COO Hale & Nor. . , 29 200 Silver Hill . . ; 7a
1 200 Mexican' ¦ 30 '.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. - ' \ SATURDAY/ Feb. 8—12 m,
.'• ': ¦ Bid.Ask.l ' . Bld.Ask.
Alpha' :. — ' '04 Justice >.;.... 13 14
Alta'..* •¦%0^ , 06 Kentuck ..... 01 02
Andes' .......' — .-... 01 Lady . "Wash. . 01 "
•Belcher.,'.... .07 "00 Mexicans.... 32 33
Best & Belch. ; 26 £7 (Occidental ...", 10 •' 12
Bullion. .....: 02 O3,0phir ,'........ * S3 'S5
Caledonia..:. 28 29 Overman. ..r.- 11-12
Challenge Con 12 ,¦ 13 Potosi... -13 14
Chollar , . . . ...'.- 12 1 1 '. 13 Savage ; .". . : .". 10 " 11
I Confldenpe •..".¦ Co -Gil Scorpion ."....' 04
Con Cal & V.130 1 35! Seg Belcher.. -03 , 04
Con Imperial. 01 T, 02 Sierra- Nevada 15 16
Con New Yrk ; 1 02 *: :¦; 04 Silver Hill . V . 63 M
Crown ; Point. , 06 07 St.' Louis '.'...; — 10
Eureka Con.: 18* ' — Standard" v... ""— 3 50
Exchequer Y. •>—¦-*" 02 Syndicate 1 .-.. 07- —
Gould & Cury . ¦ 14 U 15 Union Con . . . , 20 ¦ 21 f
Hale & : Nor. . ¦ : 29 30 Utah';.. .~... 02 03
Julia , — , 04 Yellow Jacket 10 17
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
36,313 shares, valued at $12,769, the leading
sales being as follows: Four, 2062 shares;
Home, 1230; Independence, 2500; Petroleum
Center, 18,000; Lion, 8500; Sterling, 1200: Oil
City, 2200. ' ¦ . ¦.-.-.. -•
Mount Diablo Oil has levied an assessment
of 2c, delinquent March 10. ¦ The Wellington
Oil assessment' sale will be held' February 25.
Trading on the Bond Exchange was light,
even for Saturday, and the only change worthy
of note was a decline in Contra Costa Water
to $73 75. There were sales of 1500 shares' of
California Wine at $98. I
Flour, qr sks... 11,550 Shorts, sks .... . 375
Wheat, ctls 58,047 Feed, sks ...... 25
Barley, ctls ... 9.S56 Tallow, ctls ..... 228
Oats, ctls 50 Pelts, bdls ..... • 676
Potatoes sks ... 1,358 Hides, No E40
Bran, sks 732 Lime, bbls 182
Middlings, sks .257 Sugar, ctls 2,420
Hay, tons ... 537 Wine, gals ..... 101,500
Straw, tons ..... 21 Brandy, gals ... 2,000
Wool, sks ...... . 131 1 Leather, rolls .. 36
Hops,. bales .... . 21' . .' . .; .
FOR SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8.
Receipts of Produce.
To-day this county has an area of but 8000
square miles, but it is all picked ground. It
has not a square mile, from border to border
in which either the precious minerals or the
industrial minerals cannot be found. Geolo
gists are all agreed that a mineral belt fifty to
a hundred miles In width extends through Ari
zona* from northwest to southeast. It can be
plainly traced from the extreme northwest cor
ner of Mohave County to the extreme southeast
corner of Cochlse. But there are also unmis
takable evidences of a second belt that extends
northeast and southwest, from the northeast
corner of Coconino County to the southwest
corner of Tuma County. Imagine two ropes
crossing each other diagonally and knotted at
their junction and you have the mineral system
of the country. The "Bra'dshaw Mountain sys
tem, which includes the entire group of moun
tains lying between the Hassayampa and the
Agua Frla rivers, and between Prescott and the
southern plains — this almost circular group of
granite peaks and ridges — is the knot that
unites the two mineral ropes above mentioned
The Prescott Prospect has Issued a spe
cial mining edition for Yavapai County,
Arizona. Among its statements of gen
eral Interest are the following:
Arizona's Mineral Belt.
Going easterly along the lode It is owned by
the following companies, respectively: The
Alaska United Gold Mining Company, 750 feet;
Alaska-Mexican Gold Mining Company, 2700
feet. Some 2250 feet between the Mexican and
the eastern end of the Golden Chariot claim is
in litigation, and the title is undetermined.
The Ready Bullion Gold Mining Company owns
800 feet and the Alaska Atlin Mining Company
owns 5500 feet of the lode. The lode has not
been traced with much certainty from the
Treadwell workings in a westerly direction,
though some mining men think that it is pos
sible to do so, while others are equally positive
that It does not exist much If any distance be
yond the westerly end line of the Treadwell or
Paris claim. Those who contend that the lode
does not cut off atthe westerly end of the rfo
called "Glory Hole" claim that it extends from
the northwesterly angle of the Glory Hole in a
northwesterly direction to the beach of Gas
tineaux Channel, and that the croppings may
be traced under the old Bear's Nest mill. . So
far as we are able to learn, however, these
opinions are based merely on casual observa
tions and not upon investigation sufficient to
thoroughly Justify an intelligent opinion.
According to the Juneau Dispatch the
Alaska Atlin Company now controls all
claims on the extension of the famous
Treadwell lode, on Douglas Island, from
the Ready Bullion claim to a point on
Bullion Creek, a distance of about 5500
feet. The superintendent of the Alaska
Atlin Company believes that he has traced
the Treadwell lode in a southeasterly di
rection for a distance of nearly two and
a half miles. Of the 13,000 feet now trace
able the Alaska Treadwell Gold Mining
Company owns 1000 feet. The Dispatch
says:
Tracing Tread-well Lode.
The Redding Free Press reports that
the Iron Mountain mine is gradually cool-
Ing off after the fire in it. If a heavy
rain should come to swell the creek it
would be • easy to flood the mine. The
company is going to tap the ore in a
number of new places. In a short time
operations will be conducted on as large
a scale as ever.
Work on the Eclipse mine, on Gold
Flat, Nevada County, according to the
Nevada City Transcript, is progressing
well. The Posey mine, in Willow Valley,
has struck a good ledge. The Niagara
mine, in the Willow Valley district, has
been bonded to San Francisco parties.
The Delhi ! mine, at Columbia Hill, has
been compelled to shut down by the freez
ing of the ditches.
Samuel Irving, $104; Ray T. Kimball, $44;
John A. Kennedy. $76; Julius Finck, $70; A. P.
Glanninl, $50; J. C. O'Connor, $26; J. M. Ellis,
$124; Philip J. Lawler, $100; S. B. Pauson. $56;
Peter J. Tormey. $28; H. J. Owen, $76; R. H.
Schlueter, $46; B. B. Sturtevant, $46; Frank J.
Symmes, $72; John Tonnlngsen, $60; J. B. Dug
gan. $72; James Butler, $76; H. M. Wreden.
$44; Thomas J. Welsh, $128. .
The weather has been cold, the mercury drop
ping at times to 2 degrees below zero.
In the last budget the sum of $16,000 was
set aside for the payment of such fees for
the present fiscal year. No appropriation
was made to pay fees to grand jurors, but
the sum of $1500 was provided to pay ac
tual expenses incurred by the Grand Jury.
Only $570 of this money was utilized to
pay a stenographer and for other inciden-i
tal expenses. Although there is a balance
of $930 in the fund Baehr declares that the
grand Jurors have not a foot to stand on
in their endeavor to exact pay for their
services from the municipality.
The names of the grand jurors who have
filed claims, which vary according to the
number of days actually served, are:
Notwithstanding this formidable array
of signatures Auditor Baehr refused to
audit the demands on* the ground that
there is no law providing for per diem,
pay to the grand jurors. Baehr is of the
opinion that the demands were presented
under an amended act of the last Legis
lature, section 1143 of which provides that
the fees of Jurors in the Superior Courts
of the State in criminal cases shall be $2
for each day's attendance. ¦/ .
The last Grand Jury, of which Frank J.
Symm.es was foreman, presented demands
yesterday to Auditor Baehr covering
charges for their services at the rate of
$2, per diem. The demands aggregate
$1298. and were signed by Carroll Cook as
presiding Judge of the Superior Court.
They were also Indorsed as correct by Al
bert B. Mahony, County Clerk, and by J.
J. Grelf, chief register clerk.
At the Eykes mine the. new ditch has been
completed and everything is- ready for the
spring run. Last fall the company had a good
run from the fall rains. At Minersvllle a force
of men are at work running tunnels and devel
oping the Fairview mines, now under bond to
the Altoona Company.- The work shows up a
good property and there is hardly any doubt
but that the company will take it On Coffee
Creek a force of sixty men are employed at the
famous Dorleska mine developing the property
and getting out quartz. From < all indications
times will be good about the Center the coming
season. The wagon road • from Elatonls will
probably come to the Center and quarts mines
will undoubtedly be developed on a large scale.
The Trinity Journal says, that a' group
of mines consisting of fifteen locations on
Stuarts Fork has been shut down by
Blake & Paulsen nntil spring. Concerning
work at Trinity . Center * the Journal re
ports as follows: -<f.-'
The Mother Lode Banner says that sev
eral quartz claims have been bonded ' for
J. F. Upson near Stevens Bar bridge. A
company Is reported to be about to op
erate the Arbona mine, near Tuttletown.
Parties are dickering for the purchase of
the Mount Jefferson mine. Work has
been started on the Green Jumper. J. G.
Thomas is ¦working the • California and
New Era properties, near Big Oak Glat.
In Calaveras County suit has. been filed
against the Fellowcraft Mining Company
by J. F. Treat Jr. and others to quiet title
to the Followcraft or Bode ground. L. A.
Bm..'/^)»*1 is also, through his guardian, su
ing tne Golden Hill Mining. Company, to
set aside deeds to mining- property at
Vallecito under which the mining com
pany named aa the defendant came into
possession of certain claims known as the
Extension mine, the Enterprise mine and
the Gold Hill mining claim.
Work in. Mountains.
Pit River, near the mouth of the McCloud,
is the scene of lively operations. Simultaneous
ly railroad and wire improvements are going in
that will be a wonderful help to the section
they traverse on the way to Bully Hill. S. E.
Bracklns, chief engineer for the Shasta Mineral
Belt Railway Company, has completed his
grade, lines for the railroad as far as the Junc
tion of McCloud and Pit rivers. His party has
moved the camp from Kenyons to the Reynolds
place. ,
Several deals of interest are reported by
the Los Angeles Mining Review to have
taken place recently In the Panamint dis
trict, in Inyo County. The Anthony
group of gold mines, near Ballarat, has
been purchased by Boston parties for $50,
000. The mines will be worked by the
Mineral Ranch Gold Company. At Old
Panamint Tracy M. Stebbins is working
some of the old mines with a new pro
cess.
The Redding Free Press reports the fol
lowing:
The Truckee Republican says that twen
ty additional stamps will be installed at
the old Hartley mine. In the Meadow
Lake district if developments continue on
the present basis. The Champion Gold
Mining Company has been reorganized.
Kmil R. Abadie has been elected super
intendent of the mine, vice Fred Zeitler,
resigned. > . -¦
Some owners have gone wild over a few
pounds of rich surface rock or some resem
blance in the character of the vein or country
rock to a known rich mine and the crlce has
become prohibitive. Such prospectors are a
great drawback to any mining district. Bet
ter to give away a prospect to a party - that
would develop It than hold It tied up at a
prohibitive price. One mine developed In a
district Increases the value of all others. We
recall several promising prospects In this coun
ty where the high price demanded has dis
couraged sale and the mines stand to-day just
as they were ten or twenty years ago. No
one has received any benefit from them and
no one knows yet whether they are worth any
thing or not. Had the owner accepted an
offer of five or six thousand dollars, a big
return for his expenditure, he would have been
that much ahead at least and probably the
mine would have been opened.
The Calaveras Prospect says that there
are probably fifty good mining properties
In Calaveras County that if sold for a
few thousand dollars each would be de
veloped. On this basis the Prospect has
the following general remarks -to make
about the policy of keeping mines tied up:
Properties Are Tied "Op.
Never In the history of Nevada City has
there been such a demand for our mines by
moneyed mining men as at the ~ present' time.
It would seem that the minds of prominent
capitalists are concentrated upon this section.
More claims have been bonded within the past
few months than at any time during any ten
years' period since the discovery of our val
uable mines, and it Is probable that ! many
more undeveloped claims will be taken up by
capitalists before the summer season opens, as
the demand for Nevada County * properties
seems to be Increasing every day. If the de
mand for mines is so great at this season of
the year what can we expect when spring
opens? Surely the future outlook for this min
ing district is very bright and ¦ promising and
it is certain that the hard-time cranks as well
as the "knockers" will soon have .to "go
'way back and sit down" for the rest of their
days.
The following account of the outlook
for mining in Nevada County is given by
the Nevada City Transcript:
The San Bernardino Sun says that C. B.
Eaton and his wife, who have been work-
Ing on the Capitol mine at Dale, San Ber
nardino County, have struck a ledge 100
feet wide that averages. $30 rock. Some
streaks through the ledge are fabulously
rich, actually assaying $137,000 to the ton!
The Placerville Nugget reports that a
good ledge has been struck at the Monte
zuma mine, near Nashville. The Union
mine, near El Dorado, will be started up
soon. Arrangements have been made to
work from the Church mine to the Union
and drifting has begun on the lower level
toward the Union mine. The River Hill
mine had a break in its ditch and Is run
ning with a small force of men. . . .
"Work has been resumed on the Walling
and Muller mine In Woods Ravine, near
Nevada City, eo says the Nevada City
Transcript.' The company is composed of
practical miners. ' ,
Delving for Ores.
Section 4. That there shall be in the De
partment of Mines and Mining a bureau which
shall, under the direction of the secretary
thereof, gather, compile and publish, informa
tion In respect to the same and it shall be the
duty of said bureau to acquire and disseminate
practical and useful Information concerning
the mines, mineral resources and mining" in
dustries of the United States; that the office
of the director of the geological survey and
the geological survey service and all that re
lates to and pertains to the same Is . hereby
transferred from the jurisdiction of the In
terior Department to the Department of Mines
and Mining, to remain henceforth under the
Jurisdiction of the latter; and the director of
the geological survey is hereby made the di
rector of said bureau.
Section 3. That the said Department of
Mines and Mining; shall have general juris
diction over all matters pertaining; to mines
and mining industries and the geological sur
vey, and 'over all the matters committed to
any of the bureaus, offices, departments or
branches of the public service by thU act
transferred from other executive departments
of the Government to the said Department of
Mines and Mining: as fully as the same is
now possessed by any of the said bureaus,
offices, departments or branches of the • pub
lic service from whence the same Is so trans
ferred, and that the official records and papers
now on file In and relating to the business of
any bureau, office, department or branch of
the public service in this act transferred to
the Department of Mines and Mining, together
with the furniture now in use In such bureau,
office, department or branch of the public ser
vice shall be and hereby is transferred to the
Department of Mines and Mining.
Some Inquiry having; been made con
cerning the exact text of the bill Intro
duced in Congress by Congressman Woods
of this State for the creation of an execu
tive department to be known as the De
partment of Mines and Mining, the sub
ject Is once more reviewed briefly for the
benefit of those principally concerned.
The head of the department, a. member
of the Cabinet, so the bill provides, shall
be appointed by the President. The sal
ary for the Secretary of Mines and Mining
is fixed at SSOOO and his assistant will have
$4000 per ¦annum- A chief clerk at $1800 per
annum Is also provided for, together with
other clerical assistance that may be re
quired. The following are the two sec
tions of leading Importance:
Jewett & Blodgett are experimenting at their
Sunset refinery to ascertain the. valuable prop
erties of the oil of that field in addition to
tls use as fuel and for the manufacture of
asphalt. . A practical scientist has been . Im
ported from the East and he has discovered
that the distillate by the run through
the still yielded three excellent lubricants. The
first is a heavy green engine oil; the second,
lemon-colored cun oil, and the third an axle
grease that is white when first run out, turn
ins; a deep red on exposure to the air. Satis
factory tests have been 'made of the utility
of each of these products and samples are be
ing sent out for reports of their value when
put to actual test.
Th Los Angeles Herald says
- The fact that the Standard Oil Company
is prepared to expend $30,000,000 in the "de
velopment of Texas and California oil in
terests, as reported, is a sufficient indica
tion of the belief on the part of experts
In the permanency of petroleum in the
new fields.. Fleets of vessels and pipe lines
are to be constructed, together with the
new refinery at Point Richmond.- . -
The New Hope Company, which : has
been drilling about three years north of
Poso Creek, in Kern County, has finally
abandoned the attempt to strike oil at
that place. The greatest depth the com
pany reached was 1100 feet. :
The January shipments from the McKit
trick-field amounted to about 30,000 bar
rels. • ¦ .- - .
McKittrick Shipments.
A block of 2000 shares of the stock of the
Union Oil Company was recently sold at
Los Angeles at the reported price of $60
per share.
March 15 is fixed as the day for begin
ning to lay the pipe line of the Standard
Oil Company from Bakersfield to Point
Richmond. The announcement that this
line would be constructed was originally
made in The Call some months ago. At
that time the plans of the company were
very well covered. . The entire right of
way has been obtained, so the officials of
the Standard Oil Company report. The
line will be about 300 miles long. The pipe
will be eight inches in diameter. The ..oil
will be propelled over tracts where there
is little natural fall by the aid of pump-
Ing plants. Work on the refinery at Point
Richmond is making good progress. A
wharf is being constructed which will be
1300 feet long. ,
Olema, Stevens, Mecca, "10," Henrietta,
Mtnnehaha, Clark, Equality, Petroleum Center,
Comet, British California, Potomac, Eastern
Consolidated, New York-California, Columbian
Oil Company, Transcontinental, Vernon, Con
tinental, Perseus, Piedmont. Missouri, Linda
Vista, Richmond, Sacramento, Bald Eagle,
Chicago Crude, Kern Oil Development Com
pany, Orient, Monet a, Irma, Nevada County,"
Globe. Hawkeye State, Euclid, Amazon, Mount
Diablo. Indiana Sycamore, Vesta, Sterling,
Sovereign, Bear Flag, Queen Esther, Hanford,
Claremont, Omar, West Shore, Illinois Crude,
Revenue, Red Bank, Alma Jr., Apollo, Bakers
fleld, California, Wilson, Zaca Lake, • Famosa,
Blinn, Gold Standard, 1 Kern River Mutual, East
Puenta, Cortez, Del Rey, Mercedes, Monto
Crlsto, York Syndicate. Golden Rod, Vulcan,
Junction, Tower.
The companies that Young has Invited
to attend the meeting to form a clearing
house are the following:
Companies Are Invited.
The efforts of the Kern County parties
who are outside of the combine to form
a clearing-house are attracting' consider
able attention. In a circular recently is
sued, In which oil men were Invited to at
tend a meeting, C. E. Young, secretary of
the Bakersfleld Oil Stock Exchange,
makes the statement that outside of the
production controlled by the Associated
Oil Company and by, the companies that
have not joined with the Associated Oil
combine there are still estimated to: be
3,015,800 barrels of annual' production not
provided for. .
The situation is improved from the mar
keting point of view. 'In the month of
January, according to the figures com
piled by the Los Angeles Herald's statis
tician, there were no apparent changes in
the production south of Tehachapi, al
though some excellent wells were brought
Into the field. In the Kern River district
only seven new wells were made produc
tive in January, as against thirty-nine In
December. ..
. The oil production of California is not
a criterion of the prosperity of the oil in
dustry for the present. The efforts of the
Associated Oil Company are mainly di
rected to stiffening the price. Consequent
ly that great corporation is not trying to
push the production very fast. That has
an- effect upon the showing in the Kefn
River district, which is the chosen field of
the Associated Oil Company for its initial
efforts. The prices for oil are better.
Auditor Baehr Declines to
Order the Claims
Paid. llllSKil
Wood Bill Grants Extensive
Powers to New Mining
Department.
Construction of the Standard
Oil Pipe Line Is Next
Move/ • I
Great Demand Through
out the State for Un
developed Mines.
Market Conditions Hold
Attention of the
Combine.
Pile Demands for Their
; Services of Last
Year,
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1,
70c; r-ure, $1 £0; Linseed Oil, In- barrels,
boiled, 76c; raw, 74c; cases, 6c more; Lucol,
06c for boiled | and 64c for raw, in barrels;
Lard Oil, . extra winter • strained, barrels, 90c,
cases, 95c; China Nut, 57%@68e per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot, : In barrels, 70c;' cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c;
coses, 42%c; Cocoanut Oil, barrels. «3%c -for
Ceylon and 5S%c for Australian. ¦ . •
COAL OIL— Water. White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13i£c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c; In cases,
2oy-c; S6-degree • Gasoline, in i bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26'/£c. ¦ " . ;
. TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels. .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes,' per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cube3, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 0.05c;
Powdered, 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.90c; Dry
Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated, 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only), 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels,, lOo
mare; half-barrels. :25c more; boxes. 50c more;
50-lb bags,:' 10c more. . No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
cal make, %c less than Calcutta*; .Wool Bass,
32@36c ; Fleece Twine. - 7%@8c. > ~: •¦¦¦>--. '
COAL— Wellington, $9.. per ton; . Southfield
Wellington; $9; Seattle.'. $6 60; Bryant, $6 60;
Coos Bay., $5 SO^Wallsend. $8 60; Co-operative
Wallsend, 58 60; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania' Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite, I $14; | Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, ?8 46 per 2000 lbs
and $8 60 per ton, according to brand.-
Harrison's circular says;. "Since the Ven
tura sailed the following cargoes of Australian
coal have been delivered' here, viz.: Chilton
ford, 3778 tons; Drummulr, 2767 tons; Gleno
gil. 3500 tons; Klnroshire. 3710 tons; Drum
cralg 2323 tons; M. P. Grace, 2300 tons; total.
18,378 tons. There are twenty-six vessels on
the chartered list to bring 78,000 tons of Co
lonial coal; of these there are nine which should
arrive here this month. • The ¦, latest cabled
freight rates on' coal from Newcastle show a
further • decline, which ' enables importers to
name a comparatively low price for future de
livery, still at the decline consumers are not
eager buyers. ; Sales of < fuel for steam use*
are diminishing weekly, as they are gradually
drifting into the consumption of fuel oil as a
substitute, • principally because of its efficiency
and economy. • When an equal amount of ener
gy can be produced by the expenditure of $3 0O
for Oil, which would require $6 for coal. It 1»
a foregone conclusion which the buyers will se
lect. The coast products are also being offered
at low -figures to meet the market. There has
been a very liberal demand In the past two
months for house coals, occasioned by the ex
tremely, cold weather. The seasonal rainfall
for the past few days may cause an advance in
outward I freight rates on grain ; if / this hap
pens we may look for coal freights to further
decline from 'Australia, although 10s per ton.
the present ruling rate, la exceptionally low. .
GRAND JURORS
ASK FOR FEES
MINERS REPORT
GOOD PROGRESS
RAISING PRICE
IS FIRST AIM
THE SAN FE ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, . FEBRUARY? 9^1 902.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirty-One.
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
John Bltzer, Sacto
F O Collins, S D
J A Stewart&w, B C
Mrs M A Isham. "Wash
Mrs M Kennedy, "Wash
Miss S P Heady, Or
Mrs r> E Heady. Or
Mrs D "Woodward, Wn
W Butterfleld. Chicago
C L Green, Bakersfleld
I R Eddy & w". Chicago
Jas Peters. Chicago
L Swanson, Portland
J M Garth, w & ch,
Webster City
J S Campbell, w & ch,
San Jose
W Wemed, Blsbee.A T
C S "Wheeler. Chicago .
Miss 1 Escott & sister,
Los Angeles
H Hondorf, Needles
D Casass, Santa Rosa
H Metz. Santa Rout
Jno Keley, Sta Barbara
HOTEL ABBIVAI1&
35
Ban Francisco.
I Up. I
I) Oakland. j Up
John Lawson
B. D. Adamson..
J. W. Byrne
8. L. Abbot Jr...
"Warren Gregory. .
G. B. Cooksey...
L. O. Kellogg....
HL C. Golcher....
. 3
. 0
u
o
o
0
. 4
. 1
IE] R. Folger 0
W. P. Johnson 3
F. g. fitratton 7
R. II. Fitzgerald.. 4
J. A. Folger 3
C. P. Hubbard.... 2
A. H. Higgins.... 0
Q. D. Greenwood. 0
Total „:..;..
./ si
II Total ........j 19
Ban Francisco.
I Up. I
I) Oakland. j Up
John Lawson
B. D. Adamson..
J. W. Byrne
8. L. Abbot Jr...
"Warren Gregory. .
G. B. Cooksey...
L. O. Kellogg....
HL C. Golcher....
. 3
. 0
u
o
o
0
. 4
. 1
IE] R. Folger 0
W. P. Johnson 3
F. g. fitratton 7
R. II. Fitzgerald.. 4
J. A. Folger 3
C. P. Hubbard.... 2
A. H. Higgins.... 0
Q. D. Greenwood. 0
Total „:..;..
./ si
II Total ........j 19
B ATT, WAY TBA VEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC*.-
Vialaa I«h«« wait nr* <ia» to wrrlv* »» !
MAN r»AN«!IM«.'O. :
(Main Una. Foot of Market Str—i.) "
IUT1 — r»OU DlCPllMt «. 1901. — JlXBXTW
¦ 7i 0Oa BanicU, Solaua, Elmlxa, tad Sacra-
mento fl:3\»
TtMA VaarUls, WlntQia/KuniMy 7iUl
7i«Ua M«artlii*s,9»uH»maa,ViJloJo.:S»p»,
Callatogamnd Bants Ron «:3UI»
¦ :«Oa Datia, Woodland. Knlgau Landing.
MwjiTills. Orotille 7i33»
• ¦••* AlUntio RxpTCM-Ocden and feart •¦»»*.
¦ ««* Nfles, Lathrop. Stockton *7lS3»
¦sOAiNUm, MendoU. Ha&foxd. VinUa,
Porterrlllo T7I77. «*33»
•i: S»a ShaaU Exprea»-D»Tia William (tot
Bartlatt Springs,'. Willow*. Bad
. Bluff. Fortlaud... 7(09*
••il«A Ban jo«o, Ltinoon, Stoekton.
lone, Sacramento, Plaeerville,
Morjitllle. Chlco. lied Uluff 4iSSy
IiSOa OakdaU, Ohin«M,8oBon, Tuolumna 4:S9v
§!:•#» Haywtrd, Kllea tad Wm 8litlon».. 1 1:13*
ti»«A V«UeJo I3ti23»
' liOOi IiO« AnnlM Ixprasa — alartinea.
Traey, Lathrop. Htoekton, Metoed
Vtotdo »nd Lea Ancolea 7:33*
•tao* Vallnln, Martlaex rn.uct Way Station* 7i33»
I tiO«A Ths OTexland Mmltod— Ogdeu, !)•&•
ver, Omaha, Chlcagu BiSSr
fliOOr HaCT»m»uto Kit ur St»»mei» \llxOU»
SiUOr Benlcl*. Winters. Haoramant*,
WooUlaud. Ki.UbU landing.
Mar7«<!lU. OroWIU IO:33v
• ilOl- n«iyw»td, Nilr»»ua W»y 9Ullom.. 7:35 »
4i«9r Martluaa. Han Ramon. Tallaja.
Nnj>t. (!»llst«<». Santa Ho«» ViSSr
<i«0r Nile*. LlTermorfl, Stockton, Lodl... l>i»S»
4iSi»FH»7ward.Mlei,8.mJo«B, Urcrmora tS>3*U
4iS«l«Tba Owl United — Fieino, Tulare, • ¦ J :
BakenfleUI. Saogn* for Sauta B»r-
bara, Z*>m Anceles *i33a
OiOOt Port Ocata, Tracy. Latirop. Btoekton 1 OiSOLty
6 oor iljjtlnrt Antioca, Swokton. Uer-
oedLVreiso 12«23t
• i«Or Rafward. Jillri*ad 8»a Jem....... 7<33*
t«iOOr Tatlajo Ili23*
• Our Oriental Mall— Ogd.o. DanTat.
Omah*. 81 Louia. Chioaco *saS«
Ii19r Oref on and Oalifornla Kipreaa.Haa*
rainautu, M«r>«fi:i«, ICaiMlny,
l'ortl»iiil. ritcet tiouud and Kut B>S8*
•i«Sf8»a Pablo, Purl OoiU. MarUnea
and Way Stttlom UiJJ.
Tallfjo 7<aa f
COAST L.INE (Karron U«u«»}.
(root ct U»rk»t Street.)
11 ••ISaNewark.Uentenula.BanJoae.Veltoa,
BouldarOreek.8auuOrusaad Way
SUtioua Si3W
Wil»» Newark. CentarvlUv. Sau Jo.e N«w
AlmadsD, Talton, ISonldor Crook,
Saute Craa and Vrinclpal War
8utlona I«i(l«*
4t1Sp Nawark, Man Joaa, LosGatoa tS'SO*
«J».80r Hunters' Train— Saa Joae aad W %j
SUMom X7.209
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Iran SIS FaiSClSCO— Tv>\ if Miriot S-joti (Slis 8>—
t'l:15 0:00 11:00A.M. I:C3 3:00 J:13f.».
IrtuOHUSJ— .fu\ •'Brudw.T.— fii : oo \aM 13.-O0
JH:00t.n. 13:03 8.03 «:33r.M.
COAST lilXB (Hrna.l flna C »).
(Third and To'.vnaeml Sta.)
«iIOa Ban Joa«and Way Htatlona. «i4O«J
¦3i«Oa Ran Joae and Way Stitttoua 48:999
/Ti9ua Naw Alinadaii / 4:10*
IIsOUa Coast Line Limited — flan Jose.
Gllroy, Sallnaa, San Luis Obispo,
. Banta Barbara, Lou Angelea ana
principal intermediate sutioni.... 10:-&3g|
H'00aH*h Juie, Tiea l'inos, Hunta t'niK,
Paeine Ur»T«, Halinaa. San Lola
Obiapo and Principal iuiennadi»ta
SUtiniia *»!•»
I«i30a Ban Joaa and Way SUUona. *::ia*
I !Ii3«a Han Jme and Way Statioua UU«*
tart&r San lUtro. iledvtoo.1, Meolo Park.
Tata Alto. Hanta Clara. 8an Joie.
Trea Plnos, Jiauta Crux. Salinas.
Uonterey ami I'aclflo UroTe {10>49a\
Bi30p Han Jo*aand Way 8t»tloi.«... l«i»«»
MllSr San Joae ami Prineipal Way SUtioua 3«3*#
<Ii30f Sunset limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days, Friday*, for Los Angeles. El
Paso. New Orleans and New York.
ArriTes Sunday*. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lflilS*
fllOOr San Joae, Los Gates and Principal
Way Station* t»:0O*
llilOr SanJoeaami Principal Way Stations 6:. - 6O#
HiSOp San Joae and Way Statious 7>39»
JTiOOr New Orleans Express — Han Lola
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An*
coles, D-mlnt. El Paso,' New Or-
fetna and EUsi 7:3*A
fi:h4»«>San Jowmil Way Stations 7s39>
A for Morning;. f for Afternoon.
t flnnday axceptad. 1 hnnday only.
_<;8atnrdiy only / Tuesdays and Fri(3ajr%.
C1LIFO£NIA NORTHWISTEHN EL CO.
LESSEES
SAli FRANCISCO ANO MORTB PAGlfii
RAU.WAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10,-6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. bl; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Son Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:35 and 6:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 0:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 19011 San Francisco.
~Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Lays. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:0Spzn 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm t5:2upm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:23aia
i 5:00pm Healdsbur?, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:23am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
8:30pm 5:00pm . 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am S :40am
and
5:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pra
7:30am! 8 :00am I 110:40am 10:23am
3 :30pm | 5:0Opm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm 6:20pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton 'for Lytton
Strings; at Geyserville for Skagrgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers;. at Hopland fo»
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelaay-
ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchy
Sp rings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, OiTs
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Eraggr.
Westport. Usal. Wlllits, Laytonvine. Cummins.
Boll' a Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITING, n. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paea Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
{ Dally Dally Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran] 7:20 a 9:00a 8:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10 -.18 a 11 :45 a 11 :1O p 1 :1S p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" .Fresno.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"'Hanford. 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05a ~
" Vlsalla.. 3:39p 5:00a
" Bakersfd 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan.City 2:4Oa 7:30a.......
" Chicago 2:15p 9:0Opt..:
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 MD, train Is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cnalr Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-clasa passengers. No secocd-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1 :05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. id. Is Stockton, Merced and
Fresno local.' Corresponding trala arrives
at 12:30 p. m. dally. .
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, -which cuts oat at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
~ 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
• Offices — 641 Market street and In Kerry
Depot. San Francisco; .1112' Broad-way,
J.0UNTTAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- n.«iiL»tah*«i-. Sun * Week"
Day* _day* £?£%ZSZ JSH*
1:45 r. 10:00a. JT £1. JZ 3:00 p. 3:40 f.
4:15 r. 11:30a. 4:25 p - 6:55 *'
- F«J». B.» TlM»l,i ¦ to goaamlt amd BMmm. n.»O.
: tUat OOsm, ta 1UAZXT 8IB1K ud BAOaUHO J5S3X.
= ' ' " =a
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBa.
'Bteaman GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICELL)
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fara Oil
cento. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
o:.'fice. pier . 2, Mlsalon-street dock, HATCH
EROS.
Sf\ anahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.Nt^ELUS 2EE 5056
OCEAN" TRAVEL. '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
frt, ' Steamers leave Broadway
Kjik^ "Wharf, San Francisco:
BgS»£L For Ketchikan. Juneau.
MSjfrx*^ Ekagway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
( RTrNKSja m., Feb. '5. 10, 15, 20. 25,
' Bl^flBS March 2. Change to com.
I £3SeCS*K5! Pony's steamers at Seattle.
r me> *mKBBB9&\ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port To-wnsend. Seattle, Taco-
- -' . . '**H ma, Everett, New Whatcom —
11a.m. Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20. 25, March 2.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for -Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at- Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
-For -Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
Feb 1, 6 11, 16, 21. 26, March 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Spokane. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles, calling at Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis . Obispo). Santa • Barbara. Ventura, Hue-
name, East San Pedro, San Pedro and 'New-
port (*Bonita only).
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Feb. 8, 11. 19. 27. March T. I
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 7, 15. 23. March 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.) — 10 a. ra., 7th of each
month. '
For further information obtain folder.
Right. Is reserved to change steamers or eall-
lns dates. • .
TICJCET Ob' Jj' I CE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
. 10 Market St.. Ean Francisco.
O. R :& N* CO.
Only Bteamslxlp Xilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point*."" ri" of steamship and rail, at
ZiOTTIIST tt-A-I^Eta.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEET H and MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails
..Feb. 12, 22; Mar. 4. 14. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELCER Sails
..... Feb. 17, 27; Mar. 9, 19, 29
Steamer nails from foot -of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y, S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on ¦ board on day of
Balling, i
SS. NIPPON MARU.
L .Tuesday. February 25th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
....Friday. March 21st, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. 5^^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Mar. 13
8. S. Leelanaw ealls Monday, Mar 24
8. 6 Argyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st. ;
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapors*
To Valparaiso, stopping at -Mexican, Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m. .
TUCAPEL Feb.- 101 PALENA-. . . .March 10
GUATEMALA..Feb. 18 SANTIAGO
-These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316. California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Aucfc-
• land and Sydney.. Sunday. Feb. 9, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.." Saturday. Feb. 15. '02, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti, about Feb. 19.
J. O.SPSECKELS k BROS. CO., Btnerai Agsnts. 327 laibi R
Esn'l Passenger OfScs, 643 Market St., Piar Ro. 7. Pacific It
AMBR'CAN LINE.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a m»
St. Paul Feb. 19 Philadelphia ..Mar. 5
St. Louis ..Feb. 26St. Paul. Mar. 12
RED JSTA-? LINE~ <
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
¦ From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Feb. 10 Soutbwark ....Mar. 5
Frlesland .....Feb. 28 Vaderland .... Mar. 12
& INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
C0MPAGHI3 SENEBAL? TBAKSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jt*.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of rffffShji
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, "•asaeasa
North River. ¦ foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 .and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI'fc CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
I Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
mBKMmm^mmemmmmmmwommiKmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm'
\Chigaco
/W LESS THAIf '• '
3 DAYS
From . v
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Dra wing-Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Lib-
rary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars— meal3 a la carte. Daily Tourisi
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every "Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. frein San
Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
61 7 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel - San Francisco
or S. P. Company's Agent
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sa us all to Ferry
CommenclnE September 29, 1001
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *0:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 8:15. 4:15. 6:15. ?6.15, 6:45 n m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondaya. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS —^OOz *10:0O. *ll:30 a. m.. *1:18.
3:15- '4:45.- 0:30, 9:30 p. m. ,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. C:27. 7:45. «:35. 10O5
a" m , M2:25. 2:15, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
,'EXTBA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:15, *8 :00. '10:00. *ll:43 a. m..
•1:40, *3:15, 4:45, »6:30 p.m. ,;.: >
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. ft 6:45. -7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a' m..- 12:35. '2:45. 3:50.^5:10 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15.
3:30, 5:00, 6:45 p.m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 ¦ a. : m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ". . . - ""_•'•¦¦ '¦•' -} <.
- 1 :45 p. m. Saturdays; — Duncan Mills and way
stations. • . :
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
Btations. ' • : - .... • • ¦
Leeal Holiday boats and trains. will run on
Sunday -time.-. . y ;.'¦.>. ',:
I Bet Gal jpioo if Tear
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission ctreet.
Interment Cynress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:80
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
THRIFT— In the City and County Hospital,
February 8. 1902, Heary Thrift, a native of
North Carolina, aged 48 years.
WILDS — In Oakland. February 7, 1902. Horncy
M.. dearly beloved husband of Johanna T.
Wilds, and father of Constance and May-
nard Wilds.
WYMAN— In this city. February 6, 1902,
John F. Wyman, beloved father of Forrest
Wyman. Mrs. Florence A. Gardner and Mrs.
Lizzie A. Hardy of Plymouth. Mass.. a na-
tive of Maine, aged S3 years 4 months and S
days. (Maine papers please copy.) .
tC^Foneral service* Sunday, February 9,
at 10 o'clock, at the residence of his daugh-
ter. Mrs. F. A. Gardner, 659 Brodertck
street, between Fulton and Grove.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 230 First Btreet, thence to St.
Brendan's Church for sen-Ices. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CTLVTfi — In this city, February 6, 1902, Nicho-
las H. Sylvis, a native- of Pennsylvania,
asred 72 years.
ETThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the
. residence of Mrs. Thomas Howell. 329 Fre-
mont street, between Folsom and Harrison.
Interment private.
STAFFORD — In this city. February 7, 1902.
William, beloved husband of Jane Stafford,
and father of Nicholas, John and Annie
Stafford, a native of County Wexford, Ire-
land, aged 59 years and 7 months. (Wester,
Mass., papers please copy.)
CTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 9. 1902. at 2»o'clock, at
his late residence, corner Fell etreet and Ma-
ftanio avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SCHUMACHER— In this city, February 7.
1902. Emma Schumacher, dearly beloved
daughter of Ferdinand and Katharina Schu-
macher, and beloved sister of Frelda and
the late Otto and Edward Schumacher, a
native of Eaa Francisco.
EHEMAXSKI — In Portland. Or.. Marcus She-
manski. beloved husband of Jeanette She-
manski. beloved father of Harris. Julius,
Isidore, Joseph, Adolph, Oscar and Gusta
Shemanski and Mrs. S. Goodman. '. and
brother of Mrs. P. Goldberc, Mrs. Levins-
eton of Chicago, Mrs. Levlnson of Xapa and
Jacobs Shemanski of Portland, aged 66 years.
EHULA — At Howell Mountain. February 5,
1902, Annie, beloved wife of Martin Shula,
and mother of Anton. Frank, Joseph and
the late John Shula and Mrs. Joseph Han-
ush, a native of Bohemia, aged 71 years and
10 months.
Clara McCarty. a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, eeed « years.
MONAGHAN— In this city, February «. 1802,
Patrick, beloved brother of Daniel Moaas-
han, and uncle of Martin J. O'Neill, a na-
tive of County Cavan. Ireland. a«ed €2 years.
C7Itotlce of funeral hereafter.
O'MAIXEY — In this city. February 8. 1902,
Charles, husband of the late Anne O'Slalley.
a native of County Clare, Ireland, aeed 65
years.
C7The funeral will take place Tuesday,
February 11. at S:SO o'clock, from his late
residence. 229 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem hltrh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PEKNIilAN— In Oakland. February 7, 1902,
Nancy, widow of the late John Pennlman,
and mother of Etta B. Pennlman and Mrs.
George C. Pardee. a native of Maine, aged
I 84 years 6 months and 20 days.
CTTrlenfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon. February 9, 1902, at 1
o'clock, at the residence of Dr. Georre C.
Pardee, corner of Eleventh and Castro
streets. Oakland.
PCST — In this city. February 6. 1902, Mrs.
Anna B. Pust. beloved mother of Mrs. Hul-
<Jah T. Planer. Amanda T. and Festus A.
Pust. Mrs. Agnes R. Swift and Mrs. Frances
Havers, a native of Germany, aged 79 years
10 months and 18 days.
jprriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attendthe funeral .to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 19 Bernal avenue, near Mission
street, thence to the Church of the Seventh-
day Adventlsta, 914 Lacuna street near
Golden Gate avenue, for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PLCXKETT — An anniversary mass for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Hannah Plun-
kett. beloved mother of Mamie, Catherine.
Margaret and Lillian Plunkett, will be cele-
brated at St. Dominic's Church, Stelner
street, near Bush, at 8 o'clock. Monday
mornlns-, February 10. Friend* and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
BTAN — An anniversary solemn requiem hlrh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Edward Ryan In St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets
Monday xnorolnjr/, February 10. 1902. at 8
o'clock. _
EAUXDERS — In this city, "Walton Saunders
beloved husband of Mary F. Saunders and
father of May Walton Saunders, a native of
Virginia, aged 62 years and 7 months. (Rich-
mond, Va_. papers please copy.)Alcalde's Anniversary.
Alcalde Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden- West will celebrate the twelfth
anniversary of» its Institution by a ball
in Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening
next. There are to be features in the way
of decorations. The affair has been ar
ranged by a committee composed of- J. 1>.
Hurley, William Fenstermacher, J. W.
Desmond and L. E. Dsrre. ¦ : ' '
This week will wind up all the clothing
of the A. Brick bankrupt stock. The
premises are wanted for the New York
clothing, that will arrive here in about
ten days. Men's all-wool cheviots, also
serge, in round and square cut. Also over
coats — Irish freeze. Oxfords and melton —
all worth 518 a- suit. This week will close
them out for $4 63 at the clothing bank
rupt sale of the Boston, 773 Market street,
near. Fourth. ' •
Last Week of A. Brick Clothing.
cal solo by J. Miller and a number of spe
cial features.. 'i-'\i r -x>- ' ,
The brokers, report that these lands are
all to be planted to resistant vines and
orchards during the present season: They
also report that 140 acres i of the J. P.
Bubb subdivision in the Saratoga district,
Santa Clara County, have been sold by
them to different parties for $125 to $275
per acre, in conjunction with F. C. Bar
nett of San Jose. The Naplee Park tract,
in San Jose, will be subdivided - into 703
building lots and will be sold. The tract
rs surrounded by fashionable streets and
is close to the State Normal School. Whit
ton &. Montgomery also : announce . the
•subdivision into five-acre tracts of the
homestead of the late Horace Hawes, ad
joining Redwood City, which is now ready
for sale. : • ¦ . . ..
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag repprt the sale
of the following properties In the country:
Tract of • 232% acres near Brentwood, Contra
Costa County, including house, barn and orch
ard, for J. C. Owens to B. W. Comatoclc for
$C060; 243 acres in Santa Cruz County, . highly
Improved, and commanding beautiful - views,
to R. S. Chambers, an Eastern gentleman, who
win make a vineyard of the tract; 183 acres on
the main road from Hopland to Highland, for
Thomas D. Wambold to Dr. A. B. Churchill
ViCCO 16 S ' tC ° { '* 8anltarium .' the P rIce being
Three real- estate auctions are to take
E" 11 " 1 " 1 ,. lu -. 12 % *cres for to Frank
R. Wallls. Chicago. 12% acres for $1250; to
Nels Bundesen, Sausalito, 12 acres for 11200;
to B. M. Beck, Chicago. 15 acres for $1500:
to.E. J. Drew. Utah. 10 acres for $1000; to
¦W. H. Smith, Chicago. 10 acres for $1250; to
P. C. Paulson. 10 acres for -.$1000; to J. K.
Sinclair, Chicago. 10 acres for $1000; to Harrj"
Dobner. San Francisco, 10 acres for $1000; to
R. C Christian, Macon, Ga., 13 acres for ?1300.
i G. H. Umbsen &'Co. will auction real es
tate at their rooms -orr Monday, the 17th
n5t .. On ,. | ie list of properties to be sold
are the following: . ..
Premises at 238 Sixth street.' and 69. 71 and
jiL^, iS'iw™**' wlth an °P tlon on tne ad-
Joining: 12:0 feet to the purchaser at the same
[^ 6 i n-A P « d t0 \ the Principal property: 1068
and 10,0 Howard street, and 577 and 679 Na
«t~»* w : H 8 at i^O, lCBl.and 1653 Post
*™? fcmS£ Ween Lft » un » Buchanan; the lot
S?,77 e ? n ",°" the southwest corner of
Octavia street and Ivy avenue; lot. 60x122:6
and residence.- at 2224 Howard street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth; dwelling at 21
Baker street; two lots on the south line of Fif
teenth street, Its Junction with Market, at
M="rw Ba^ :^? u . se at ° Pearl street - between
lJt}\ an . d , Thlr teenth and Valencia and Guer
l Z'* dw ( , ell i n S at 842 Capp street: northwest
corner of Seventeenth • . and Sanchez streets,
with improvements; lot and cottage at 2763 Oc
# 4.t. 8t , rcet .V an4 bulldlr * lot" on south lino
or Thirteenth street, between Guerrero and Do-
place In the near future. The first of these
will*. take place this week on Tuesday at
the rooms of Easton, Eldridge & Co. A
long catalogue has been prepared by Eas
ton. Eldridge & Co. for their sale, which
includes offerings of the following:
¦Southeast corner of Third and Harrison
streets at. 2904. Bush- street, near
Lyon; 028 Oak street, near Pierce; 2719 Pacific
avenue, near Scott street; 2530 Washington
street, near Steiner: lot and six flats oa the
northeast line of Harriet street. 225 feet south
east from Harrison: northeast corner of Fulton
street and Parker avenue; lot on the west line
of Cook Btreet, 800 feet north from Point Lobos
avenue; lot and cottagre on the north line of
Minerva street, 55 feet west from Capitol; lot
on the northwest corner of Minerva and Capitol
¦ G. Windreni wasthe sire of the evening
at ; - the ; smoker that was given on ', Thurs
day night In , the ?Alcazar building 1 by" the
Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective Associa
tion. For the entertainment of those who
attended ,- there 'was an orchestral over
ture, stories by M. ¦ Brower, a piano solo
by, M. - Fanning, crayon sketches by John
Denzleva recitation by M. Jacobs,' a vio
lin : solo by • Mr. Donaldson, an , instru
mental ; duet by, tjible and Patterson an
address . by President Cunningham, a • vo-
Shoe Clerk's ; Smoker.
George Carr. the old man who wa>
struck by a street car last Tuesday at th«
Intersection of Mission and New Mont*
gomery streets, died yesterday moraini
of his injuries.
Dies of His Injuries.
The postofflce authorities had an inter
view, in thi3 city yesterday with Josept
Hasman, the Klk Grove merchant indicte<
by the Federal Grand Jury for bein|
short J65 in his accounts, f Mr. Hasmar
showed to the satisfaction of Chief Post
office Inspector Munro that the shortagi
was rot an Embezzlement, but was ar
apparent shortag-e only, caused by his lg
no J? 1 Vi? °JL Bo °kkeeplns. Mr. Hasmar
paid the $65 and the indictment was dis
missed.
Did Not Embezzle Postofflce
Money.
Elk Grove Merchant Shows That Hi
HASMAN EXONERATED AUD
INDICTMENT DISMISSET
•" M «»vBrun--w!ll place flats to cost $23,000
on OFarrell street, adjoining the south
west corner of O'Farrell and Gough
streets. * -¦ •- ¦ ¦ ¦, — •
';• The Bareiles estate will erect three flats
on; the southwest corner of O'Farrell ¦ and
Goueh streets, : involving an expense of
.'. Anna Kntppenburg will place three flats
on the ; southeast corner of Pierce and
Walnut streets to cost $10,000. • '
Oscar Harris will expend about $3000 in
erecting - flats on the • north line of Cali
fornia streets 175 feet west from FUlmore.
v- Three flats will -be erected on- the south
line of Jackson street, 192:6 feet east from
Steiner, for L. Levy. . . ,
The, cost of about $6000 is involved in
the building of flats on the. west line of
Polk street, north from Union, for W. J.
Trimble. v -;- ,. .\
* John DIgnan ; is , arranging to build two
flats * on the; east line of Cole street, 135
feet west from v Frederick, the cost of
which will be $6000. : *
Joseph Risso will, build nine flats on the
east line of Hoff avenue, 137:6 feet south
from- Sixteenth I street, I the I cost of which
will be $16,000.
. Frank ; Robb has contracted for building
a thre«-story . frame structure for. flats on
the' north": line of McAllister street, -121
feet west from Baker, the cost of which
will, be $7500.* .,,
Thomas Connox_wlll erect flats on the
north line of Union street, east from Van
Ness avenue, to cost $5500. ; ,
John and Matilda Krutmeyer will build
a J three-story frame structure ! to contain
four flatsvon the south line of Ellis street,
194:9 feet west from "Webster, to cost $9000.
Caroline J. Goodall has contracted for
the erection of a two-story, attic and
basement frameibuilding on the north line
of Fulton street, , 33:6 ,: feet east from
Pierce, to cost 518,420. •¦ /, •
March of the Flats.
A deed has been recorded by which the
Hopkins Investment Company transfers
to A. W. Wilson 27:6x137:6 feet on the
north line- of Turk street. 137:6 feet west
from Jones, for $16,500. The same prop
erty has been re transferred to D. S. Dorn.
The BO-vara lot on the southwest corner of
Franklin and O'Farrell streets, which will be
offered in subdivisions; the residence- and lot of
J. C. Stubbs at 2310 Pacific avenue, the lot be
ing,. 47:6x127:3, the residence containing six
teen rooms, exclusive of billiard-room and four
smaller rooms in the basement, the whole being
elegantly finished: also four flats on a lot, 60x
95 feet, on the west line of Noe street, with
L of 5 feet fronting: on Seventeenth street, the
flats numbering from 326 to 332 Noe street;
southwest corner of Webster and Wildey
streets, north from Bush; northwest corner of
Buchanan and Pine, streets: premises at 429
Stevenson street, between Fifth and Sixth, the
lot- being 22:6x75 feet, with old Improvements,
renting for $40 per pionth. ¦ . , ;
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
will auction realty at 513 California sireet
on Thursday, February 20, at noon, when
the following will be offered:
To G. W. Arbuckle. 12% acres for $1500;
to W. H. Van Valer. Chicago.' 10 acres for
$1000 .:.£ D - £• Howa rtL Chicago, . 12% acres
for $1250; to W. H. Smith, Chicago, 10 acres
for $1000; to S. W. Jacobs, Summit, Placer
County, 25 acres for $2500; to J. F. Costelio,
Sales of. lots in the San Martin ; ranch,
in Santa Clara County, are reported by
Whitton & Montgomery as follows:
, David Bush & Son have sold 12314' acres
near Rutherford, Napa County, for L. R.
Piper to D. W. Piper, the price being $10,
000.' The Improvements are good. There
are twenty acres of resistant vines.' The
remainder of the land Is excellent for
farming purposes, being level. The same
brokers -have also sold for the Bank of
Martinez to A. Manino 320 acres of -land
situated about four miles south ' from
Martinez, of which sixty acres is inline
yard.- The remainder is grain land. The
price was $8000. " >
Country Lands Sold.
The northwest corner of California and
Dupont streets has been sold through the
agency of Madison & Burke to Walter
Kavanagh for Clara Dorris for $26,000.
The lot is 117:10x112:6 feet. The improve
ments are old, but they yield $300 per
month income. %v '
On the west line of Seventh avenue.' 250 feet
north of K street. 00x120. for $1000; on the
east line of Twenty-first ay/nue, 250 feet south
of J street,- 60x120, for $700; on the west line
of Eighth avenue, 100 feet south of H street,
25xl2U. for $10iXI: on the west line of Eighth
avenue. 175 feet north of I street, 25x120, for
$9U0, and on the east line of Twelfth avenue,
250 feet north of Point i Lobos avenue,' 25x1^0.
with improvements, for $1750.
Southwest corner of Green and Leavenworth
streets, with * improvements, from John G.
Clark to Stetson G. Hlndes, for $15,000; north
west corner of Lombard and . Larkin I streets,
35x87:6. for $4500; southeast corner of Vermont
and Eighteenth streets. 110x100 feet, for $2250;
80x137:0 feet on the north line of Pane street,
103 feet west from Baker, for $3700.
Sales are reported by Sol Getz & Bro.
as follows:
Nelson, Johnjon & Co. report a spirited
demand for residence and investment
property. They have closed the following
sales during: the last week:
Large Presidio Heights residence at 311
Spruce street, between Clay and Sacramento,
of 10 rooms and bath-, with lot 35x100 feet,
from Isabelle Oppenhelmer to William Bruner,
for J8000- park panhandle residence, 114 Lyon
street, between Page and Oak. 10 rooms and
bath, lot 25x91 fe«t. from Citizens' Building
and Loan Association to . S. A. Sullivan; , for
$5350; two l»ts on tr>e north side of McAl
lister street, between Steiner and Pierce, lot
54x137:6 feet, from J. S. Oppenheim to J.
Dougherty for $«XK): modern cottage of 6
rooms and bath. 180 Tremont avenue, near
Frederick,' street, lot 25x80 feet, from Rivers
Brothers* to Alberta L. Bower, for $3000: lot
on west side of Noe street, near Henry, 25x06
feet from Rivers Brothers to Amelia Ursln,
for $1850; store and two flats on the southwest
corner of Devisadero and Page streets, with
lot 32x100 feet, from Mary E. Daniels to
Rivers Brothers f residence at 727 Asbury
street between Waller and Frederick, contain
ing U* rooms and bath, on lot 25x186:3 feet,'
from Mary E. Daniels to George E. Tooker. -
Hawkes & Skelton have. made the fol
lowing, sales:
Bemand Is Spirited.
ner of Sacramento and Lyon streets, for $4750.
and F. W. Fuller to Jeremiah Coakley. lot 25
xlO8* on the north side of Lake street. 67:6
cast of Twenty-sixth avenue, for $600.
The lot, 60x127:8%, on the southwest cor
ner of Jackson and Gough streets, has
been cold for $16,800 by H. E. Poehlman,
In conjunction with Shalnwald, Buckbee
& Co.
Wiiiiam K. \an Alen to Mrs. Emma. V
Raiscn. lots 100:4^x110 and 137:<S on thewe«t
line or Lyon street, 35 feet north of Cliiv fnr
gQW; Henry Davies to H. and R jZ C0D °. r
house and lot. 22x57 oa the west line of Mason
street. 40:6 south of Jackson, for $3000; Janey
K. Rogers and Julia I. Haste to Mrs Mary L
Healey. lot .50x109. on the east line of Van N'ess
avenue. !t2:6 north of Lombard street fo?
S-iOTS: Helen C. Dixon to John Henry Schade
Jot 25xS9. on the north line of Fift-erith street
RO feet west cf Dolores, for $1500; Helen C
Dixon to Mrs. Mary C. Galllanl. lot 25x89 feet'
on the north line of Fifteenth street 75 feet
west of Dolores, for $1500; ' the Norman Par
rifh estate to Mrs. Carrie Greenberg lot "^x
i£-,» or 5£?&!!£55!2 *¦ Van Alen *° e«iwZ5
Phillips, lot 37:6xlC2:S-,i, on the northwest cor-
L*>t 40xS4 feet on the east line of Van Ness
avenue. 31 feet south from Bush street with
dwelling, for E. R. Lilienthai to Brooks Pal
rner. for $20 JW; lot 25x100 feet on tEe tast
Jine of Van Xess avenue. 152:8 feet north from
Jackson street, with dwelling to Mar? A c»?
roil, for $ST5O; 100x45 feet on the welt line of
Van Ness ivenw. S«2:6 fe«t north from Chest
«« street, for M2G0; also the^djoimne lot
teSS* ° n thC aCrth Une ° f O^toS^Stiet
Sales are reported by O. D. Baldwin &
Son as follows: .
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. report the
resale of the property on" the east line of
Montgomery street. 42 feet south from
Sacramento street. 95x63:9, by John Rosen
f eld and John Rosenfeld's Sons for $125,000.
Qa the lot Is a three-story brick building
that rents for $3000 per annum. About one
year ago this property was sold by the
Aicnbishop and Baroness von Schroeder
to Dougrlas S. Watson for $86,000. The last
ruimed sold it to the Rosenfelds for $94,000.
Sham-wald, Buckbee & Co. also report
tlie sale of lot and warehouse on the west
line of Beale street, 275 feet north of Pol
m^str^. «:ia*275 feet, for account of
T7- F. Yl hittier, for $70,000. . This ware
house Is occupied by the C. Sidney Shep
axa Co. and covers two water lots. They
have also sold the residence lot on th£
southwest corner of Jackson and Gough
Thomas Magee & Sons report the sale of
tlie southwest corner of Sutter and Stock
ton streets, 60x60 with old Improvements,
for Warring Wllkenson to E. H. Kitte
ridge, for {60.003; also for J. C. w7Schulte
tl J W. H. Demiijg. the northwest corner
Of ,^ a "?. and ank lin streets. 60x100 feet
with oid improvements, for $30,000 The
same brokers have also sold the foliowing
The northwest corner of Haight and Ash
bury streets, 100 feet on Haight by 137:6 on
.Ashbuiy. lor $15,500. to W. B. Prln«Ie. who
has resold the comer 32:6x100 to Richard P.
Ttoclen for the cum of 1 5500. and Mr. Doolan
Trill at once commence the erection of- a hand
some residence; to R. E. Queen, lot on the
vest side of Axhbary street, 107:6 north of
Haight. 30x100 feet, for $3400, upon which
Queea Is building; lot on the west side of Ash
bury street. S2:« north of Haight, 25x100 ieet.
10 Henry C Black lor $2700, on which Black
Trill build at once; to Walter . Morgan, th«
northwest corner of Haight street and Central
avenue, 50 feet on Central avenue by 93:9 on
Haight street, for $7000, on which Morgan
tvill build six handsome flats at once, which
-will cost in the neighborhood of $20,000; lot
on the south side of Pape street, 83:9 east of
liasonic avenue, 25x137:6, to Jean B. Bernou
for S2C50; lot on the north side- of Haight
street, 03 :» west of Central avenue, 25x100
feet, to Myron E. Stanford for $2750, on which
Stanford will build; lot on the northeast cor
ner of Waller and Clayton streets. 25x96 feet,
to Leon Carrau for $3750. on which Carrau
t-UI build a residence to cost about $7500;- lot
27:6x100 on the northeast corner of Haight
street and Central avenue to Albert M. Whit
tle for $5250, on which Whittle will build
flats; lot on the east line of Clayton street,
S7:6 feet north from Haight. 50x100. to Mary
L. Parkinson, upon which improvements will
toe placed to cost $17,000; two lots on the south
line of Frederick street, 250 feet west from
Clayton. 25x137:6 each, to U E Coy; south
v-eet corner of Frederick and Clayton streets
25x100 fe*t, for ?2650; lot on the west line of
Tremont avenue, S10 feet south from Frederick
street. 30x180 feet, for $1800; lot on the west
line of Stanyan street. 112:8 feet south from
Fage. 25x100. for $3250: southeast corner of
Frederick and Cole streets. 27:6x80 feet, $2750
Lyon & Hoag summarize recent sales in
the Park Panhandle district made by
them as follows:
Near the Panhandle.
m^rarfarpiviTig the block will be subdivid
ed and placed on the market. The sales
or outside lands in January, 1301, aggre
gated J74.000. In January of 1902 the sales
of such lands were $105,000. The sales' of
the present month already equal the sales
of January last. A. E. Bucking-ham re
ports that he has sold a lot 25x100 feet, S5
leet west from Eleventh avenue, on I
street, for $850; the southwest corner of
Eleventh avenue and I street for $1350,
and a lot on the west line of Eleventh
avenue, 100 feet north from I street, to
ilcGee & Canfield for $925. On the last
mentioned lot a house will be built imme
<ii£tely.
A feature of the recent transactions In
real estate In this city is the interest in
the more westerly, portions of the city.'
Lyon & Hoag report that recently they
have sold lota In. the Park Panhandle
district aggregating upward of $70,200.
Upon these lots will be immediately
placed improvements costing $100,000. The
principal sellers of these properties are
the Baird estate and the Pacific Improve
ment Company. It is inevitable that the
march of the city shall be westward and
southward. Recent mention has been
made of Bales In the Sunset district. A
gicat deal of attention will be paid to the
Richmond district, in which many new
buildings are constantly going up. * •
A. E. Buckingham yesterday made one
of the largest sales of recent date in the
Sunset district, south of Golden Gate
Park, for the Callaphan Estate Company,
the property consisting of the. block
bounded by H and I streets and Tenth anu
Eleventh avenues. The price was $43,000.
This is the largest amount received for an
outside lands block since 1890. As soon as
tlie contractors have finished grading and
Popular Structures
Are Plats.
•
Building Returns Show the
Districts Near the Park
Manifest Activity
in Market.
OUTSIDE LANDS
ARE IN FAVOR
THE^S^^FKANCISOO CALL;, SDNDAY,.FEBRUARY 9, 1903;
36
Never had so many prettf Ribbons so early 1W>M^^^^^^M^^^nt^L_ 75c French Ribbons 29c.
J I J / » J . '" borders with a one-quarter inch satin _ , _ - ".• ., • -'. '
'•A}}.-'*"-' I I • I- L 1 ¦ \ . • edge." We could not get enough of it last — 5 and 6 inches Winter
- and SO lOW priCeCt OefOre. , : O gthadesft er '9c ltIslnallthepretty - Most effective styles of this coming season. s^ "^
J^-*^ Right from the looms- not an old 14 Cents. • ? 33 CentsJ } -Qualities couldn't bo baiter. /EASTEI^
y^^V common style;! not a bit of imperfect, or f3SlS!«
/EaSTE^ inferior stuff. It all. comes to u^guaran- :SS^lp^£fS3 " V % rn w£ , f t no^ to^morrmv SC_J~dF
%EXT^0Nt1 P^ Silk ' WC tUni it fafk^ill^^i -enl^bS^ofthe: hand. t P
%^~ -^ again. It's the newness and prettiness theauaiityi.no,'. . ; =^t». f Se^^e s % 5^
and high quality that make this offering 15 Cents. v grounds. - " ~>TBE POM? ADOTJB DESIGNS are in Liberty effects with a
SO important. But add to that the greater 'tSS^ 6-inch ilbert? tal"^''^ .genuine shimmer 'and brightness women like so well. Nothing sweller for neck or
nnanfifi*A- oi^rirr • - spring shades. Feel the weight of it. Roman borders , on white and colored hat' trimming. v * : '~ j.. , wftrnmrn TirBBOW<! «?<«..
quantities along -411111 ' not -that cheap flimsy: stuff you usually grounds. Swellest thing you can find for With them are those exquisitely pretty FLOwjsjsED .Kl.BJ3U.NS where
tl ».,- .- '-r^ • ' /T ' • "e at loc. 2000 yards, 3% inches wide. the neck or-belt. ¦ • • the flower is raised. Looks for all the world like hand worlc Colorings are
W/lfn fhP PrifP SflVlflO*^ Ql cWn*« I 45 Cents. magnificent
.YVILI1 LUC friCC New. French 'pSHhey are the **-£<* white Btilpe. al^^ ¦ inafces .the ribbon. ". j^ ¦
And you will see what an unusual event this is. - , | O™X"™£ must^^to hurry for. If
My, how women will be delighted! Even to have so ; many to- -choose 23 Cents; : ' VSlj&^l^iSS^^^^^ Q f-- , f iU^^^r Coilfl Plhhf.M 1Ar
from so early is extraordinary, but on top of that to pay less than they are High-grade French ribbons.' 3y 3 inches, with the minute you see them. O = in« LIDtl CV «5ctllll I\.1L7LJUH
worth is an entirely new experience in San Francisco. . soft brilliant; taffeta grounds in clear 27. Cents. * c it D^»ia»Iu «<- V^c
./ , s ,V adei * , of , "&ht # blue, turquoise, pink, •- TafP . ta >, h ,^ ** £ 7^ ' ma rt w, nn Sel!S RegUiaPiy Bt tOC.
—^—^^^^——^^—- . lilac, black Some Vijiva -white raised -Taffeta , Chiffon. . Its -the same, ribbon ¦*-» •» .
How can we do it? ; .... ;¦ . . stripes,, others white lace inserted bor- £° u we. so crazy for last season at 33c. Look at width! Look at style! ' Look at quality! Look at price— 39c
We couldn't do it if we weren't big enough to go right. to the mills, find fe X h^ lr w b , e^ ut y and , quality make HowJt will A 0 " ow^2.c. Light delicate What better ribbon news could there be? Comes with navy dots or nayy
what we like and buy so much we'd get it cheaper. ;. .. . JJ ffiSlf cream" whitg."^ ?' ' stripes on. white grounds. But a few hundred yards.
Then we knew. women would be crazy for ribbons this spring, and if we . ; - ¦ »i^™^^««— ¦—^^^— ¦•¦ ¦— ---— — 1 — — —— *^^^^^ mm
could get an extra big supply ahead of everybody else they'd think more V • • 29 CentS- '• \ \J Q tt*i\ CZ I fl IK Gk *• 4r T fi G* * 51 T
of us. : . - 4, ;m, 5 Inch ribbons. The daintiest of . * /(j\J%J I aFU^ L-#I>LPwi^Ly # *!-/ClLlll^ C8. V
Rut rMri ihf HetaiU You will off an ifloa r»f the> Winrie anri variptv French conceptions. Chiffon taffeta M ¦ . ¦ . . •/ ¦*<
though y ?u ought to see Y> Don't. think it's cheap because the price is cheap. It's the best quality you can get-same
ThisMaenificent Window Display - ,. ¦£&£ U £ t
ai T lu , V \] 1 - : on' eoiM ,- - ¦•.•:4^ : inchcs-wide > and all the beautiful Easter shades: Ivory white, light blue, p.mk, cardinal,
the riogse^S^^ " / : - •
3 Easter=Style Corsets $f.ft0 Each Mew Cotton Fabrics for Spring
— The Straight Front— —The Girdle— —The. Empirs— . V .' . </ln International Exhibit.
What fine news! Women can have style and comfort now for a. little money. And 1 have ' ". It's an opening you will want to see. *
it, too, when it's most wanted — before Easter sewing is done. It's truer this season than ever that The creative genius of the French, the Swiss, Germans, Irish and the Yankee are here rep-
The EaSter UOWn \QetS. ItS Proper Effect * 1Cjei^fhey^have thought out hosts of clever things— styles ; S o pretty and so original they will cap-
rrOITl the Corset.. . - ture the fancy, on .sight.-^^^Some are sheer gauze; some are so silky one can hardly believe they be-
lt's there the dress will get its coveted fit and taper. "It's there women get the grace and) long-to the cotton family. Insertions of lace and embroidery help to form stripes in Swisses and
symmetry of form. • That's why we have been so careful to. have only skillful, -.experienced "fitters ginghams. / ..
to waif on you. They know -the proper corset for : y6u. to wear and will go with 'you to handy " \A Foreign \ Novelty J^C. Lace Stride [Novelties j^C.
' • :• '••'¦. -....Private Rooms for Personal, Scientific Fitting . ' 0l^^i^^^^MM0^^£: : ¦^^^tt^ff^'^^^ t it£iSSi^:
But about those .$1,00. corsets :';. '¦'.. '. .-..-.¦ THOMPSON'S EMPIRE $1.OO— English sateen, silk; 27 inches wide. fabric. n-fi.fi /->¦> j. ' V. T<
.THOMPSON'S MILITANT STRAIGHT . FRONT four -clasp; daintily trimmed with lace, ribbon; col- . c-n, ' /i-' cite ,- C>VK,~llH,&L,llClt}lDraVS 2)C.
"Si OO 1 oZ riin wt^ont rZt *ht h vie hn ««,„ or s black, drab, blue,' pink and white . ;- Silk and Linen Skiff's AO0. They're cotton, but they have a silk appearance which
J?x.UU— JLOW dip DUat, long over the hips, hose sup- t K'STRAT&HT PBOFT i82 nn 4 1 a- u * *.,.,*,.,...,,-,„.•,, , gives them a richness and daintiness that no one can get
oorter attachment made of EnirlUh sateen J. H. &XKAJ.U-HJ. J!«UJM1<1J»^.OO— A'low • dip bust, • Gauzy tissue-like fabrics. 32 Inches wide, in plain colora Sway from all shades plain and striped.
" inSSSsa tqSppttt^v ototVtS Si oo' r^f « ' Ibn2Over the hi P s - made of fine En K lish sateen, lace 7 h0^, w , ith s S tln strlpes Mc a , nd e5c yd ' It>s one o£ the new InmvtnnTnrnutrr* '¦
EMPRESS JOaEJPIiljvrii GIBDLE ?1.OO — Of fine trimmed top and bottom. ' ' • beautiful goods worn over colors. . L.UW71S (Mill LJliTllweS.
sateen, daintily trimmed with lace and run with baby w. B. ERECT FORM The n^v elian« tv^f n \v*<, «„.. .r. ¦. ,, ~. „ Here's where you are lost In wonderment. Tha array of
r *bon. J: . . grace and^onfforT %i!hV^ ° M - Sllk-and-CoitonStuff $00. jgtoand «Jornj. bewiM^ Not one of them old or
KID-FITTING CORSET 50c to $5.00. P. D.' $3.00, $4.00, $4.50. ' - ' Woven figures and stripes; light and dark shades. \ But the great bargain of the day ls In this:
Red Fern Corset $3 00. -s 25c Dress Cheviots at 15c.
¦ Style X— particularly adapted to reduce'full figures," low bust, extremely lo'ng over the hips, made of Italian ' FIne dress stuffs In U^ ht or . medIum colors, stylish stripes and checks so much in vogue this season for waists and shirt-
cloth, boned with genuine whalebones. . ; * ' . :" gS - This one Itself is strong enough to keep the wash goods section busy all day to-morrow. ' •
President SuspenderssocPr. 1 VeiliTio-5 ac a Yard I Spring and Summer Silks.
A suspender warranted.to wear to the .satisfaction of -the purchaser. If "^ ' " V I OL1 %4« —Wash Taffetas 75 c. —New Waist Silks $1.00.
for any reason it fails to do so return the same with ticket and receive a new TT; — rr ; 3 ¦ • nJ.u--J d~~\. e«/-- r«../--v» oe- *i nn *1 oe
pair, or same pair made eood as new. less actual service rendered. Not a yard WOPth less than 25c. —Colored Peau demotes. —Foulards 85c, $7.00, $7.25.
Bandana Handkerchiefs lOc Each—Picked up by our New York buyer; ¦¦' m /fff fJsrn H ~d T;*n» r\A™,Jsi*, —Bsautilul French Grenadines (exclusive styles).
not a cheap grade, but a good fine handkerchief; many handsime W *"" NeW - First Time Monday. cW Acycre -„ hfk nnr i,J Mr1v f u: e \' nr u x
terns. Just the thing for cushion tops, sweeping caps and other fancy ¦ •¦- - - . - At . . = Easter eggs will be cracked early this season (March 30.)
articles. .- ¦ ' -/•"'\' i Almost three yards for the Many women are" already planning their Easter costume. They
T*^C Pillrfc\^7 r*51CPC 5lf I">'r r / EASTE^ ' j P" ce of one - A11 perfect and in ; are taking advantage of this early show. They find so much
l O^ J^lllUW VadCddL 1^2C. (. mfyt mAmtiII lieightof style. How can any that's exclusive they are buying to get ahead of their neighbors.
Good muslin, as Kood a quality and as well made as you can expect to l^^ 1 r\K)NJm one keeo from buvin<^> There's Recent selling of; ;.^ I
get at 15c; 45x36 inches, with a 2-inch hem. ' Sf one Keep irom,Duj ing. ineres & . ;^. , - u - ~ '
Good Bleached Sheets 42c. ; . ' plenty of it, too— . : > : Foulards and QrenadllieS
Made of a good jrrade of muslin. Much heavier, than common: from a >- *r« A««/^««a«r««* oil t>rn ric -J
•^^^^i^^^^ nt -^- . .1600 Yar^sAll=Silk Veilings. . S A™™™^^^
~lGc each. 63x90. -49c each, 72x90. -54c each. 81x90. -50c each. 90x90. ' Not a little handful of part pieces. Hope there's enough and Jpl.-o caught most women s fancy. They have a brightness and
Unbleached Sheets* Extra Values ' ; - j. x ±- t '.*, luster that s bewitching and a style and tone that every woman covets.
-Th^^^^S^^S^^nK^Vr^oAAnOt.^ *O Satisfy every one to-morrow. Same y more so. Every yard here bears the stamp
doing the biggest sheet and pillow case bnsiness in the city if we did not TUXEDO MESH is plain or chenille and gold dots; of French t art and originality. • could be sweller for an evening
give^good quality - -40c each, 63x90. ,~ ~5Oc each, 81x90 black, white and navy 'blue; also BLAGK GRENADINE i costume than these brocade designs-^l.oO yard.
1W €* Market St., I with red chenille dots, and OTHERS WITH FANCY St.,^ tsSkjMLjW *M^ <®>
GO0&&^ /^ ' j Gate Ave. portunity to miss. . Gate Ave. J^~*s^^G&O£> GOOD&^^:
Hala ? s.
IT ISU SHAME FOR
ANY CASE OE
PILES
v TO BE CUT. *
IIA ODERN SCIENCE HAS COM-
;*"».'pletely mastered .-the /disease
without sur .••ry 'or delay; DO NOT ;
ALLOW YOURSELF 4 TO' BE3
BUTCHERED UNTIL YOU HAVE
INVESTIGATED. Over . one ' s thou-
sand cases permanently cured
without , a ; single - failure, * BOO }} of
:whom live in the city of San Fran-
cisco. ] THE 'NAMES OF 75 PROM-
INENT > BUSINESS"" MEN" : . SENT :
AS :~\ REFERENCE. '. Do not take
my 'wordf for-lt, ; but v flnd out what
they have to Bay. . The , worst : cases
wanted." Write * to-day for • further
; particulars. 1 Address ': RESIDENT
PHYSICIAN, box 2673, Call Office, .
San; Francisco.,
«uik J*&L \ a t en ?P orar /' dangerous stimulant,
\M%tf$°^$ suc^ as ls produced by electrio belts or
JnI||||||^P patent medicines, but a permanent
*^s^L-S^S^» restoration to hoalth and strength.
'— —0 ", 'V-.'..s--:. ,
Dr. Meyers & Co. are the only physicians on the Fadfic Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men exclusively. Dr. Meyers & Co. con-
duct the largest Medical Institute and have the most extensive practice
in the world. . / -
Almost every man on the coast has heard of Dr. Meyers & Co, and
what they have accomplished. They are the reliable, the oldest and most
successful specialists. They are almost daily consulted by. other physi-
cians. Their knowledge and ability to master the diseases of men hare
given them pre-eminence in this field of medicine.
They avoid the use of all-*nineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs and
electric belts. All their remedies are carefully compounded from the ex-
tract of buds, bark, berries, srums, roots, leaves, plants, etc, in their
private laboratory, without cost to their patients.
Their treatment gives vim. vigor and vitality to the weak, .whether
old or young, regardless of the cause of their trouble.
NO MONEY REQUIRED IN ADVANCE.
t A s ft guarantee, DR. METEE3 & CO. will - let their patients deposit th«
'price of a cure In any bank tn San Francisco, to be paid after he is entirelir
well. If it is not convenient to do this, payments zna.7 bo made in monthlv
Installments. It requires confidence backed by ability to make such an offer
No other doctors will undertake a cure on these conditions. Could anv on«
make a fairer, proposition? . . *
- If you cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis sheet fre« advice
prices, and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. '
McMEYERS. & CO., 731 Si
Hours— Daily. 9 co 4; Sundays, 9 to' U.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
WflV PAY- RENT.
WHEN THE ',.'_
PACIFIC HOME
CO-OPERATIVE COMPANY
Will furnish you the money to buy a
home or pay off your mortgage and
give you 16 years and 8 months to
pay it back at ths rate of $5.50 per
month per $1000 without interest?
In case of death or total disability a
clear deed will be iven.
Strictest investigation courted.
Offices, Callaghan Building, Room 400,
1312 MARKET STREET,
San , Francisco.
AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE.
f Suits that glre
satisfaction in ev-
ery- particular—
that are tailored
correctly; t ha t
have quality in
the fabric and ap-
pearance; t ha t
give the best pos-
sible . serv i c e.
' These are the sort
we make. ¦„ They
' >V',o are obtainable , for
$1,004=
BE SURE OF OUR NAME AND \ AJ>
' DRESS. . "
123£llisSt.AboyePowen